===== 0002601_19141226_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
-7NTY,

C 0 PALATINE OF CHESTER. „V NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the .hext GENERAL QUARTER SESSIONS of the 'Peitee for the COUNTY PALATINE OF ILESTER will be holden at the CASTLE OF • HESTER, in and for the said County, on , ONDAY, the 4th DAY OF JANUARY, 1915,. 11.30 o'clock, in the Forenoon, when the t rand Jury will be empannelled. A'he hearing of all Appeals arising within the '•etty Sessional Divisions of Broxton, Chester •.astle, Daresbury, Eddisbury, Nantwich, Run- Winsford, and Wirral, forming the Clies- r District, and the trials of all prisoners corn- • itted from the last-mentioned Divisions will like place at such Sessions. The Grand and tty Juries for the Chester District must be in ttendance at the CASTLE OF CHESTER, at a opening of the Court on MONDAY, the 4th OF JANUARY, 1915, at 11.30 o'clock in Forenoon. !THE COURT will he Adjourned to the -OURT HOUSE_, KNUTSFORD. on WEDNES- .4AY, the 6th DAY OF JANUARY, 1915. at 1.30 o'clock in the Forenoon. -:rhe hearing of all Appeals arising within the ,atty Sessional Divisions of Altrincham. Ihtiok- Ic, Dukin6eld, Middlewich. Sandbach, Congle- rn, Northwiol, Prestbury, and Stockport, form- the Knutsford Distriet, and the trials of all ' isoners conunitted from such Divisions will ke place at such Adjourned Sessions. The 'rand and Petty juries for the Knutsford Dis- let must be in attendance at the COURT 'OUSE, KNETSFORD, at the opening of the ,•,urt on WEDNESDAY, the 6th DAY OF .NUARY, 1915, at 10.30 o'clock in the Fore- ann.

REGINALD porrs. Clerk of the Peace for the County Palatine of Chester. Chester, 17th December, 1914.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
): EAL

GIFT',:,,,,

makes. TEA I -1 NCY. CArrku YORK HAMS and

STILTON CHEESE.

'4

PLEASE NOTE.-Our Establishment will be

CLOSED on

Friday & Saturday, Dec. 25th & 26th,1914, And also on Friday, January Ist, 1915.

and French a ,odf I 4 •r" ,

Chocolates, etc. in plain and fancy boxes and tins.

LATCHFORD STEAM LAUNDRY. STEPHEN MOSS & SONS, LIMITED, EXPERT SHIRT AND COLLAR DRESSERS. SHOEING AND GENERAL SMITHS. All Kinds of Agricultural Implements, Steam, Geo SPECIAL TERMS FOR LARGE FAMILY. and Oil Engines Supplied. Fixed nd Repaired: All Elude of Wheels Hoo:sa. HOT WATER ENGINEERS, &a. Woltz*: ACADEMY-STREET. WARRINGTON

SCHOOLS AND HOTEL WASHING.

Telephone 354.

WALTER BURRELL, Photographer, St. Elphin's Studio (nr. Parish Church), Warrington, Desires to thank his many friends for their past support and hopes they will place their CHRISTMAS ORDERS with him. COME EARLY. CHILDREN A SPECIALITY. DAYLIGHT or ELECTRIC LIGHT.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
gtnn

AT

PARKINSON'S

Special War Prices.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
PHOTOS

1 ... A . . 1,,...0 k . .1 3l_ 1 .

Cabinet and

6 Post Card Photos.

HOURS OF BUSINESS: Week-Days 9-30 to 6-30. Sundays 10-30 to 5 p.m.

CLOSED ALL DAY THURSDAYS.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
Only Address: 793 BRIDGE ST. (opposite Lipton's) -

MOUNFIELD'S.

! ..,,, ...._

===== 0002601_19141226_art0006.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
" .

===== 0002601_19141226_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
. . ~. - A t , A ~.: _ a ~,,,,. 4T -1

PASTOR'S FAREWELL

- Rev. J. S. Chedburn Says "Good-bye" to Latchford.

Having resigned the pastorate of Latchford Baptist Church, the Rev. J. S. Chedburn preached his farewell sermon to a. large congre- gation on Sunday evening, when he was also presented with a purse of gold at a special meet- ing, held after the service, which was bright and impressive. PASTOR'S VALEDICTORY REMARKS.

Better Things and More Glorious Victories. After preaching an eloquent sermon, the Rev. .7. S. Chedburn said that that service brought his sojourn with them to a close. It was with considerable sadness that he realised it. It had not been a long sojourn, but it had given him time to form many close and happy associa- tions, to break which would be very hard. He had experienced much kindness at the hands of the congregation, who had borne with his weaknesses and faults. If he had been enabled

to teach anything he had also learned many valuable things. In some respects their work together had not been attended with anything that might be regarded as brilliant results, but rather had it been of a quiet, plodding nature. The seed h&d been sown, and where one stored, anothe might reap. ' He' had been considerably encouraged by the kindly expressions which had been made to him by many of his congregation, and he was strong in the assurance that what had been sown would bring forth good fruit in human life and chat- acter. lie prayed that the church, would be even more successful in the future than it had been in the past. He trusted that in the time of difficulty that was before them they would be ' wisely guided, and would' allow themselves to be controlled by the Spirit of God in all things, and that his successor, whoever he might be, would lead them to better things and more glorious victories. He could best put the feel- ings he experienced into the words: " Good-bye —God be with you." A PURSE OF GOLD, Mr. Wells,: who presided at the 'presentation, said that me Chedburn 'had fulfilled the prom- ise he made when he entered upon the pastorate. During 60, years they had only had five pastors, so that they could not be accused of being fickle people. Mr. .Citedburn had been of great ser- vice to them, 'find 'his work had met with suc- cess.:

(Regd. Trade Mark.)

'FEE ESSEN

'aid, of Symington's,

e, • I only the water Ed,,

111:4 . .... r" „ ~.., , .. , ts. .., . . . ..... cgp: The Coffer- 0 A -Coffee like mint . \''...'':-•.'3 ','V Symington's." Be sure V 4 , 4 THOS. SY.IIINGTON & CO..

9 , . 5 Oil:. ICE -4 says: use boiling. Ind.% 4 '

IS :nburgn and L,

===== 0002601_19141226_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
TRIBUTES TO THE PASTOR'S WORK.

Mr. E...410yd Jones said that Mr. Chedhurn ,had ably discharged the important 'function of teaching by -preaching. He (the speaker) could say with truth and confidence that he was a much better man owing td Mr. Chedburn's min- istry, and the whole congregation knew more about Christ than they did before, and the whole church was better spiritually and numerically. There ,had been no aim for popularity, ,no popular sermons, no popular texts, but they had had the true Gospel preached to them. Mr: Fernlef said Mr. Chedburn had rendered conscientious service to the church. Mr. WilkinSam, the •e/(l`est on fthe first pastor of the chapel, then made the "presenta- tion, and added his testimony to the good work done by Mr. -Chedburn. NEVER HAD.:4I "ROW. In reply, Mi.. ChedbUrn. thanked the congre- gation for theil kindness and appreciation, and said his goineaway was not due to any difficul- ties between the church and himself; indeed, he

had never exiierienced way-thing in the nature -- of a " row " at Latchford. He wits not con- sidering any call to another pastorate, but was going to rest on his oars for a little time. Ile was extremely glad if he had been of serviae to them as a pastor. - • PR ESEpTAMON BY 'OYU". BOG/44v On Monday •e-ening the revetbnit was the recipient of a parting present from the officers of the Warrington Battalion of thsi Free Church Boys' Brigade, an organisation in which he has taken, a deep and active Interest. The presentation, which took the form of a large framed photograph, was made on behalf of the srubscrihers by Colonel Grounds. who said that the gap which would bo,created•by .Ched- burn's departire would be bard. te Mr: Chedburn suitably aeletleiiliclairekt.ilie

===== 0002601_19141226_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
"NO PLACE LIKE HOME." "Old Poor-Law Boys" Ask to Spend Christman in Children's Quarters.

CAROL SINGING.

At the fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Board of Guardians on Tuesday, an application was made on behalf of the children for them to be allowed to go carol singing at Christmas time. The request was granted so. far as the district was concerned, excluding Runcorn. Mr. Gibbs: Why this boycotting of Runcorn?

(Laughter.) The Deputy Clerk: The proceeds are to be given to the Christmas Tree fund. Permission, he continued, was also granted for the holding of the annual entertainment on the 29th inst., and the Guardians were invited to attend. Three of the boys who were formerly at the homes, but are now employed by Messrs. Pil- kington Bros., St. Helens, wrote asking if they could spend a day or two at the homes at Christmas time. The committee decided that the matter be left with the Superintendent.

The Shameless Member? Mr. Morris: I am not ashamed of the refer- ence to Runcorn and carol singers. Mr. Woodward: It takes a lot to shame you.

(Laughter.) Mr. Morris: Consider what happened last year! Had anyone seen them walking round Runcorn they would have been of the same opinion as myself. Mr. Antwis : If the weather is like it is now it would be undesirable for them to go. It was pointed out that the children would

not go out if the weather was had. Referring to the application of ttle boys to visit the homes at Christmas, Alderman Nor- man said the feeling at the committee meet- ing was that the boys would like to keep in touch with those with whom they were broillht up at the homes. Young Men's Hostel or Children's Home? • Mr. Gibbs: Is this a young men's hostel or a, children's home? Alderman Norman said he thought if they let the boys come it would be establishing a prece- dent which might involve difficultfes in the future. The Chairman submitted, as an addition to the resolution: "And that the boys be allowed to remain at the homes for a day or two, if there is accommodation." Mr. Morris: Has the superintendent been in touch with the superintendent of the hostel at Messrs. Pilkington's works? The Chairman: No; the boys have made the application. Mr. Morris: I don't object to the principle, but I should like the superintendent to write a letter to Mr. Firth, asking him for his permi,_ Sion, and getting to know how long the boys will have holiday. , Would Not Improve Their Holiday.

Mr. Gibbs moved that the resolution be de- leted. He objected to the children's homes being used as a young men's hostel. The youths were now earning their own living, and ought not to go to the children's homes' at the expense

of the Guardians. Mr. Pilling seconded Mr. Gibbs' motion, and said he did not think it right that the youths should go to the homes. They would not im- prove their holiday, because the arrangements at St. Helens were fine. Mr. Morris: Yes, there is ample provision made for recreation.

It Cannot Always Be Guided By Sentiment. Mr. Hallows: There is no place like home. .- It would be hard if the youths could not come

I

(Continued in next colutnn.)

I;

NM

===== 0002601_19141226_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
IN THE COURTS.

BOROUGH POLICE COURT.

SATURDAY.

Before Aid. Tinnion and Mr. T. Pemberton. Mary's Last Chance.—Mary Swift, 23, Dakin's- yard, again appeared before the magistrates, and the Chief Constable explained that early on Thursday morning P.C. Barr saw the woman wandering about in Orchard-street. She had been drinking heavily and seemed to be border- ing on delirium tremens. Since then she had got some of the drink out of her, and he (the Chief) suggested that the Bench should send her about her business and warn her not to drink; as she had been doing for a long time. On Wednesday she had received ..,64 or £5 through the Post Office from her son, who was in the: Army. She had told fictitious tales about the money, but the police had ascertained that she had banked £2 16s. of it. It was a hopeless case. She had been drinking for years and years. She should be told that if she repeated the offence' the Government would be urged to stop her allowance.—Prisoner: You cannot stop my son's allowance.—The Chief Oh, yes, they can Chairman: Unless you mend your ways it will be stopped.—Prisoner: I promise to be better.— The Chairman: You will be discharged then. A Violent Prisoner.—For having been drAnk and disorderly and assaulting P.C. Wise, Wil- liam Polland of no fuced abode, was sent to prison for one month. He kicked the officer and struck him in the face, and had to be brought to the Police Station, on a handcart.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
MONDAY.

Before the Mayor (in the chair), Aldermen Bolton, Smethurst and James Evans, Council- lor Joseph, Messrs. W. Furness, S. Wright,

G. Pilling and T. Locker. "Kicked' the Pom."—Michael Edward Cor-. less, 3, Aiken-street, was charged with having used obscene language and • with having been guilty of cruelty to a Poferafiian dog, by kick- ing it, in Butterrnarket-street, on Saturday.— Acting-Sergeant Hayes said that several persons had complained to him that prisoner had. been brutally kicking the dog; in fact, one gentleman Said he thought prisoner had killed tile animal. On the way to the Police Station prisoner said, "I am a mug to let a man like you take me down."—Mrs. Lawton, 49, Willis-street, said she saw prisoner kick the dog with such force that it was sent into the middle of the road. She thought it was dying.--By Mr. T. S. Steel (for the prisonqr): There were two dogs.— Inspector Dee (R.S.P.C.A.) said the dog had su.ffered acute pain—BY Mr., Steel: It was all right now.—Mr. Steel aid the prisoner had had some drink, and saw the two dogs. He was short-sighted, and did not know he had kicked the dog as hard as he had. Xith regard to the obscene hinguag,e, he got excited when he was followed by the officer.—A fine of ss. did costs was imposed. Proof ' Positive.—Arthur Shaw, 26, Orchard- street, was fined ss. for having been drunk in Egypt-street.---An officer Stated that;ie saik the prisoner in a doorway. He was so drunk that he was unable to look after himself. He fell into the roadway, and when at the Police Station he dropped across the office desk. He then said. "There is no mistake about it this time. I am drunk, sergeant." (Laughter.) Youth in Trouble.—James Cooper (18), 28, Dale-street, was remanded for a week on a charge of stealing half a hundredweight of coal from the works of Messrs. Monks, Hall and Co., Ltd:—lnspector Williamson stated that when he was taxed by the night watchman, Cooper ad- mitted stealing the coal. He had not been out of an industrial school very long, and it was de- sirable that he should be remanded in order that inquiries concerning him might be made. " Drink, The Cause."—Frank Roberts, carter, 4),,,fr,pTcriv-ro.ad, was sent to prison for three li4s for NarToi stolen a intir of booth' from outside the shop of Mr. T. Domville, Knutsford- road.—Roberts said drink was the cause of his downfall.

WEDNESDAY. Before Mr. C. Jackson Holmes (in the chair) and Mr. W. T. Williams.

Boy Who, Tried To Escape.—A small boy, who had been previously charged with stealing a purse, a metal ring and a tie-holder from the Market, was brought up on remand at a Chil- dren's Court and ordered to be sent to the St. John's Industrial School at Walthamstow until he attains the age of 19.—The Chief Constable mentioned that the lad was- a great source of trouble and had tried to break away from the Police Station whilst he had been detained. " Swopped " Stolen " Fags " for Ice Cream.— Two boys, aged 11 and 13 respectively, were charged with stealing a quantity of cigarettes, valued at 4s. 71d., from the shops 37, Sankey- street, and 58, Horsemarket-street. Two other boys, each aged 11, were charged with receiving some of the stolen property, and Lewis Monfredi (16), 101, Winwick-street, was charged with re- ceiving Is. worth of the cigarettes.—lt was stated that two of the boys had pestered the assistants at the shops in question for 4*(Mpty boxes, and had crept in the shops, tliken the cigarettes and ran off with them to the others, who were wait- ing outside. They had given Monfredi two sixpenny packets of cigarettes in exchange for ice cream wafers.—Mr. T. S. Steel appeared for Monfredi and said the youth informed him that the lads said they had found 2s. and had bought the cigarettes. He gave them four ice cream wafers for the two packets, and did not think they had been itolen. He (Mr. Steel) thought justice would be met by placing Monfredi under probation for a short time.—The magistrates dismissed the case against Monfredi on payment of costs, and sent one of the boys, who was ad- judged to be the ringleader, to an Industrial School. The other boys each received six strokes of the birch.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
FLOUR MILLERS' GIFT.

Two Complete _Hospital Trains.

The fund for the relief Of the wounded and sick soldiers raised by the flour millers of the United Kingdom now amounts to £23,837. The primary object of the fund is to provide the two British sections of two hospital trains for service in France and Belgium. Both trains have been ordered at an estimated cost of £22,000, and are to be presented to the British Red Cross Society for the use of the wounded of the Allied forces. It is expected that the first train, which is built by English railway companies to the order of the War Office, will be delivered within a few days, and a cheque for £ll,OOO on account has been paid to the British Red Cross and St. John Ambulance Societies. Both trains will be labelled "United Kingdom Flour Millers' Hospital Train" on every coach.

MILK AND DAIRIES ACT.

The Local Government Board on Tuesday night antwunced that they. have decided the Milk and Dairies Act (1914) shall come into operation on October 1 next.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
"NO PLACE LIKE HOME "—continued.

at the joyous ;:-,eason to the home wherein they have been bronght up. The Chairman: We cannot always be guided by sentiment. \ Mr. Hallows: feet us see that they have not forgotten their hoe.. Alderman Nor :an said he sympathised with what Mr. Gibbs lad said. He would propose, however, that a ktter be sent regretting that the Guardians e uld not accommodate the youths overnight, b t that any day visits would be welcomed. Mr. Woodward sei onded, n and Mr. Gibbs hay- ing withdrawn his otion, Alderman Norman's proposition was ear ied, and the minutes of the committee as ans Fended were confirmed.

_

===== 0002601_19141226_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1914.

EGYPT UNDER THE BRITISH FLAG

THE KHEDIVE DEPOSED.

Appointment of a Sultan.

The following was issued by the Press Bureau on Friday evening In view of the action of his Highness Abbas Hilmi Pasha, lately Khedive of Egypt, who has adhered to the King's enemies, his Majesty's Government have seen " to depose him from the Khediviate, and that high dignity has been offered, with the title of Sultan of Egypt, to his Highness Prince Hussein ,Kamil Pasha, eldest living Prince of the family of Mehemet Ali, and has been accepted by him. The King has been pleased to give directions for the following appointment to the Order of ! St. Michafd and St. George His Excellency Hussein.Rushdi Pasha, Presi- dent of the Council of Ministers of H.H. the Sultan of Egypt, to be an honorary Knight Grand Cross of the Order. Prince liussein Kamil is a son of Khedive Ismail, and uncle of the late Khedive Abbas Hilmi. Born In 1854, he was educated in Europe, and lived for a time at Paris and after- wards at Naples. Upon the dethronement of his father, Ismail, he followed him into exile, but was authorised by Great Britain to ::turn to Egypt in 1884. For some years he ,sen.;3wrld politics, and devoted his attention to ag-la- ture, but was eventually elected President of the Legislative Assemhly. Differences of opinion with his nephew Abbas "Hilmi• induced him, however,, to resign these functions. Prince Hus- sein Hamil has long enjoyed respect as the ablest and most trustworthy member of the Khetlivdl family. THE KING AND )-FIE SULTAN._

The King has sent a message to the new Sultan of Egypt, conveying to Hussein Kamil .the ex-

pression of his Majesty's most sincere friendship and the assurance of his unfailing support in safeguarding the integrity of Egypt and in securing her well-being and prosperity. The Sultan has sent a telegram in reply, ex- pressing to the King his gratitude for his Majesty's assurance of friendship and support, and pledging, himself to co-operate whole- heartedly with the Protectorate in promoting the welfare of the Egyptian people.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TRIBUTE TO TURKEY.

The termination of the Turkish suzerainty over Egypt, and, the declaration of a 'British Protectorate, is, says "The Times," a purely practical administrative step, dictated by the appearance of Turkey as a combatant. It is not tantamount to annexation, as the "Man- chester Guardian" and other newspapers erro- neously suppose, and there are very good reasons why it should not be so. The declara- tion presumably does not relieve Egypt from the payment of a sum amounting annually to something over £650,000, designated as tribute to Turkey. That moiiey is not directly received by Turkey. It comes to London, and is devoted to the service of two Imperial Ottoman loans secured upon these annual payments. •We may further point out that the declaration of a Pro- tectorate does not directly concern the Soudan, where the nominal suzerainty of the &Man of Turkey was never restored after the reconquest of the Soudan provinces by Anglo-Egyptian forces. King George has exercised sovereign rights in the Soudan in conjunction with the Khedive, and that fact has, and will continue to have, a very important bearing upon the future of British relations with Egypt.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
GRAND CADI REMOVED.

The Egyptian Government has decided to re- move the Grand Cadi, the supreme religious authority in the country. They will appoint in his place an Egyptian. Hitherto the Turkish Sultan has jealously maintained his privilege of choosing the Cadi, and has on occasion selected men unacceptable at Cairo. Because of his in- fluence over all Mahometpi Egyptians the Cadi Kis the powiT to play' ha important part in counteracting any propaganda attempted from Constantinople. ,

===== 0002601_19141226_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RAID ON THE EAST COAST.

Mr. Churchill's Comment. "AN INSTRUCTIVE AND ENCOURAGING

EVENT."

The casualty list from the bombardment of the North-East Coast by German cruisers on Wednesday last, week continues to grow. At the Hartlepools alone the death-roll is about 100. The jury at the inquest on the victims at Scarborough strongly favoured a verdict of "Wilful murder," but were persuaded by the Coroner on technical grounds to alter it to one of "Killed by the bombardment of the town by an enemy ship." The German Press makes an exuberant dis- play of headlines in order to celebrate the bom- bardment.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIE BRAND ON GERMAN SAILORS.

The following letter has been sent by the First Lord of the Admiralty to the Mayor of Scar- borough : " Admiralty, S.W., Dec. 20, 1914. "My Dear Mr. Mayor,—l send you a message of sympathy, not Only On my own account, but on behalf of the Navy, •in the loses Scarborough has sustained. We mourn with you the peaceful inhabitants who have been killed or maimed, and particularly the women and children. We admire the dignity and fortitude with which Scarborough, Whitby, and the Hartlepools have confronted outrage. We share your dis- appointment that the miscreants escaped un- punished. We await with patience the oppor- tunity that will surely come. "But viewed in its larger aspect, the incident is one of the most instructive and encouraging that have happened in the war. Nothing proves more phitinly the effectiveness of British naval pressure than the frenzy of hatred aroused against us in the breasts of the enemy. This hatred ha si already passed the frontiers of rea- son. It clouds their vision, it darkens their counsels, it convulses their movements. We see a nation of military calcUlators throwing cal- culation to the winds; of strategists who have lost their sense of proportion; of schemers, who have ceased to balance loss and gain. 'Practically the whole fast cruiser force of including some great ships. the German Navy, vital to their fleet and utterly irreplacable, has been risked for the passing pleasure of killing as Many English people as possible, irrespective of sex, age, or condition, in the limited time available. To this -act of military and political folly they were ithpelled by the violence of feelings which could find no other vent. This is very satisfactory, and should confirm us in our courses. Their hate-is the measure of their fear. Its senseless expression is the proof of their impotence and. the seal of their dishonour. Whatever feats of arms the German Navy may hereafter perform, the stigma of the baby-killers of Scarborough will bran'd its officers and men while sailors sail the seas. "Believe me, dear Mr. Mayor, • Yours faithfully, • " WINSTON S. CHURCHILL."

===== 0002601_19141226_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
SCARBOROUGH'S REPLY.

" As Fully Determined As Ever."

The Mayor of Scarborough (Mr. C. C. GrahaM) forwarded the following letter to Mr. Winston Churchill, the First Lord of the Admiralty : " Scarborough, Dec. 21, 1914. "Dear Sir,----On behalf of the inhabitants of Scarborough I have to thank you for the kind messages of sympathy conveyed in your letter to me of the 20th inst., which will be greatly appreciated. It is evident that the enemy did not dare to face our Fleet, and so attacked this undefended town in this way: • 'Scarborough has taken her part in the great struggle that is now proceeding. Whilst we deplore the loss of life and property, mourn for our dead, and Sympathise with our wounded, we are neverthe- less as fully determined as ever that the war must be fought to a suCcessful finish. "Our surprise at the attack was the greater as we were led to believe from the conduct of the plucky, commander of the Emden that Ger- man sailers understood something about the glorious old tradition of the sea. It is evident, fir opr Wednesany„ that this is flo• so, Some newcomers into honourable pro- fessions first learn the tricks and lastly the traditions. As their commanders get older in the service they will find, that _an Iron Cross pinned on their chest, even by King Herod, will not shield them from the shafts of shame and dishonour./ Again I thank you for your letter, "Yours faithfully, "C. C. GRAIIAM, Mayor."

===== 0002601_19141226_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
ARCHBISHOP ON RECRUITING.

The Archbishop of York, in the course of a written message to Scarborough, says that if the object of the Germans was to create general panic and alarm, they who had quietly stayed at home had already proved its vanity. If its object was to hinder the discharge of fresh re- inforc,ements to the battle, line in France and Flanders, be was sure that the Ilion of Yorkshire and the country would make it futile by enlist- ing in even larger numbers, so that for every man who was sent abroad another would be ready to take his place and defend our land.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
ANTI-GERMAN RIOT AT SUNDER- LAND.

An anti-German riot took place at Sunder- land on Saturday night. It was due to intense resentment at the bombardment of llartlepool and the freeing•on appeal of Ahlers, the Sun- derland German consul, who had been convicted .of .high treason and sentenced to death. A crowd of 2,000 attacked the German pork butchers in all parts of the town. Windows were smashed, and the contents of the shops scattered. The occupants had to flee, but no one was hurt, and the police were unable to effect arrests owing to the size and demeanour of the ,crowd, which was largely composed of pit- men.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
EMPLO)'MENT IN DECEMBER.'

tlettgr Man Last 'Year.

In the trades compulsorily- insured against un- employment—viz., building, works of construc- tion, engineering, shipbuilding, vehicle-making, &c.—the percentage of unemployment at the 18th DeceMber was 3.28, as compared with 3.44 a week ago, 3.77 a month ago, and 4.32 a year ago. These figures relate to the whole of the United Kingdom, and include all unemployed workmen in the insured trades. It will be seen that the rate of unemployment in these trades remains below the level of a year ago. As regards the uninsured trades, the number of men and women on the registers of the Labour Exchanges at the 18th December shows a de- crease on the figure a week ago, being 42,634, as compared with 47,384. For men alone the corre- sponding figures were 17,162 and 18,401, and for women 25,472 and 28,983.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
A YEAR'S SHIPBUILDING.

Tyne and Wear Returns "Vet' Satisfactory."

• The Wear shipbuilding returns for the year now drawing to a close were made up on Tues- day. They indicate that the output had been very satisfactory. _ -

Seventy-four vessels, aggregating 319,225 tons, were launched. This is five vessels and 36,141 tons less than last year, and also lower than several pp3viooB years, but work has not been continuoug in the closing months owing to the war. Sir Theodore Doxford heads the list of builders with twelve vessels and 62,368 tons. The output on the Tyne is also regarded as very satisfactory. The returns show that apart from Admiralty work—of which no details can he given-93 vessels have been launched of a total tonnage of 346,445, as compared with 100 vessels and 441,826 tons last year. How far Government contracts would have augmented the returns cannot be even roughly estimated, but,it is not likely that had war vessels been included the total output would have been as large as last year's record figure.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS WOMAN'S STRANGE LETTER. Body Exhumed. EXTRAORDINARY INQUEST STORY.

On Tuesday extraordinary evidence was given at an inquest held at St. Helens by Mr. S. Brig- house on' the body of Mrs. Jane E. M. Bernhardt, aged 56, of 20, Cropper's Mil, who died on the 9th inst., and was buried, but whose body was exhumed for post-mortem examination by order of the Coroner. The Coroner explained that Mrs. Bernhardt was a lady of independent means, who was somewhat eccentric and lived alone. For some years she had been troubled with asthma, hut would never have a doctor. On December 7th she complained to a girl named Kirkham, who was then staying with her, of having pains in the side, and added: "I have been poisoned two or three times, and if I have no doctor there will be an inquest before I am buried." Her landlord, Mr. Thomas Gerrard, who called the same, day, seeing that she was ill, advised her to see a doctor, but she declined. He sent a telegram to her relatives asking them to come over, and on December 9th her niece, Miss Green, came over and found her in an uncon- scious condition. Dr. Latham was called in, and said she was dying. Soon after he left the house death took place. Dr. Latham gave it as his opinion, after an examination of the body at his (the Coroner's) request, that he could see nothing to lead him to think that she died from anything but natural causes, and the death was accordingly registered. " I MUST BE EXHUMED." _ • . . -

However," 4;n —die 15th inst., proceeded the Coroner, the Chief Constable sent him a letter received from Mrs. Bernhardt's niece, Miss Green, enclosing a letter written by Mrs. Bern- hardt, which had been found in the house dur- ing the niece's stay there. The letter was as follows: _

"If I die suddenly I wish you to see Mr. Eller- ington (the Chief Constable of St. Helens), but on no account must I be buried without an in- quest. If I am buried before, you know, I

must be exhumed, and a post-mortem held. If I am left in the ground for &elve months it will be too late. You will find all that has transpired since you left in three pads like this sheet of paper. They must be put in the hands of Mr. Ellerington to use against the man they are about. I shall not take my own life. It will be taken as others have been taken, and to prove this another body will have to be taken up. All is written clearly in the last pad. The pads are sealed up, and are at the address given on the enclosed card. They will be given to no one but you when you take this card. I have nearly lost my life twice since you went away. You know what we were both like, you and I, when we were in Biekerstaffe-street." The Coroner added that no card had been found, but when he received that letter he ordered an exhumation of the body and a post- mortem. It was Mr. Gerrard who, in the first instance, found the letter, and it was said that he suggested that, it should be burnt. There was also found .what purported to be the last will of Mrs. Bernhardt, in which she said "Should I die I wish an inquest to be held , over me, no matter what the doctors put on my death certificate, and if buried my wish is to be exhumed and examined before twelve months , expire. To exhume me after twelve months is over will be useless."

THE MEDICAL EVIDENCE. Dr. Unsworth stated that his firm conviction was that Mrs. Bernhardt died from ,natural causes. The only possible alternative would be for a person in a dying condition to receive a dose of poison which would hasten her end, but he could not say there was any poison. The Coroner said that under the circum- stances he would order an analysis of the organs of the body. Gerrard gave evidence that he advised Mrs. Bernhardt to see a,doctor, but she would not do so. After the death he advised the rela- tives to have an inquest. He denied that he suggested that the letter should be burnt, and said he forgot to tell the police about the letter and the will. The witness, in reply to Mr. Brewis, who ap- peared for him, said that although he was named as the executor to the will, he had not acted, and did not benefit under the will. Ho did not poison Mrs. Bernhardt. The inquiry was then adjourned for a month, to enable an analysis of the organs to be made.

.1a- .

===== 0002601_19141226_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
NIETZSCHE AND THE CON- SUMMATION OF TRAGEDY. Mr. Whithaus R,ply to Mr. Parker.

To the Editor of " The Examiner."

Sir,—A tender spot that seems to exist some- where in my anatomy has recently had some- what roughly handling. I feel sore about it. Mr. C. E. Parker is the party to whom I must look for redress and comfort. He it is whom I expect to cry out, "tea Culpa" after he has read the effort I now make in behalf of poor dead and gone Friedrich Nietzsche. Nietzsche and his teachings is now my theme. These teachings have been before the world for quite a number of years, and I, for one, have been one of his admirers, and, oftime:, puzzled readers.

The writings of Bernhardi and of Professor Cramb are definite, positive; so also are those of Treitsehke. A twisted and peculiarly Ger- man method of reasoning ha S made the words we have heard bandied about so often during the past half-century—" Survival of the fittest" —fit and mix with their wretched philosophy that "Might is right." There is nothlng that is original in the writ- ings of the three men named above. Dr. Red- beard, of Chicago, years ago, wrote a book, the title of which was "The Survival of the Fittest." I have not the book by me now, but I remember the salient features of his interpretation of the phase were: "You must ride or you will be ridden. You must drive or you will be driven." Mr. Parker, in his letter, connects the two names—Treitschke and Nietzsche—together. Why, I nnot make out. He gives no quota- tions from any of the latter's writings.. He simply tries to heap obloquy that is not deserved on the name of Nietzsche. I quote from Nietzsche's book, "human, all too Human," and my quotation applies to German thought at the present time : "The keenest thorn in the sentiment of sin is dulled when it is perceived that one's actS have contravened human tradition, human rules, and human laws without having thereby endangered the eteival salvation of the soul and its relations with deity. If finally men attain to the conviction of the absolute necessity of all acts and of their utter irresponsibility, and then absorb it into their flesh and blood, every relic of conscience pangs will disappear." Nietzsche's Scorn of Culture. Now, I ask Mr. Parker to analyse, especially, this last short sentence, and compare it with the Christian feeling of England at this moment, and let us have the result. Nay, do more'than this: •tell in and wherein it differs from Daniel's reading of the writing upon the wall? Nietzsche had nothing but a deserving scorn for the Teuton's culture. In his book, "Twilight of the Idols "—see the comparison between Teuton and Slav—" The only great nation of to-day that has some lasting pinkei. and grit in her, that can bide her time, that can--still pro- mise something, is Russia." ,

Nietzsche so-a,ght a cosmopolitanism that would evolve the f` good European." He saw clearly the evils of dominance of the strong over the weak.

This again from "human, all tic) Human" : " The doctrine of the Army as a means of self-defence must be. abjured as completely as the lust' of conquest. Perhaps a memorable day will come when a bation renowned in wars and Victories, distinguished by the highest develop- ments of military order and intelligence, and accustomed to make the heaviest sacrifice to these objects, will voluntarily exclaim 'We will Veak our sword,' and will destroy its Whole military, lock, stock, and barrel. "Better to perish than to hate and fear, and twice as far better to perish than to make one- self hated and feared--z-this must some day Come the supreme maxim of every political community." There is none of the mailed fist or of the Prus- sian jackboot about Nietzsche's thoughts and writings. • ,

The Mailed Fist in England. My readers need not go one yard outside the British Isles to find the booted and spurred Junker. All the days of my manhood I have been fighting him. The Scotch crofter could tell yOu Of,his croft leased away from under his feet so that an American millionaire, could have sport. The Welsh tithe payer and the Passive Resister,could tell their views of "Might Mak- ing right." Last, hut not least, the 'collier and the factory hand know what the mailed fist means when it ,writes out the words--".A. Minimum Wage." ,

HENRY WHITHAM. San Francisco, November 2nd, 1914.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
BILL'S PIPE.

Come of Bill? Do you E iee that there On the mantel-piece? Just 'and it 'ere! That's Bill's clay pipe: it ain't much good, But the bowl an' stem are stained wi' blood. Bill was an 'ero, people said; Well, that's 'is pipe; but Billy's dead. I don't know 'ow it come to pass, But Billy an' me loved the same sweet lass; But which of the two she loved the best Nobody know, an' nobody guesst. She kissed old Bill, an' she kissed me, too, When we went to bid 'or a last adieu. She was only a lass of eighteen years, But she 'old our 'ands through :er falling tears, "Be true to each other, whate'er betide, Shoulder to shoulder, an' side by side! God 'elp you, my lads, to win the fight, An' keep Old England's honour bright." We fought in many a deadly fray, At Mons an' Marne, an' then Cambray; No matter what we heered an' sor,— This ain't no 'istory of the war,— Let the darkness 'ide the ghastly sight. Though it comes to 'aunt me in the night, But fades wi' the peaceful morning light. One day we was drorn up in a line To storm the trenches: Said Bill, " It's fine! Now we shall make the Germans feel The taste of good, sharp English steel, Strike 'ome, my lad, an' make 'ern squeal!" An' they got it, too, not 'arf, you bet, For we owed them beggars a 'eavy debt; They fell in 'undreds, wounded, dead, An' the rest of them took to their 'eels an' fled: , But their guns kept up a 'eavy fire, An' we got the word, "My lads, retire!" They followed us up wi' shot and shell, The shrapnel mowed us down like 'ell, An' soon with a groan I staggered an' fell. But Bill he seen me an' urried back, "Buck up!" see he, "I'll save you, Jack !" He lifted me up, a battered wreck, An' I flung my arms round Billy's neck. Bray,. as a lion he staggered along, Never 'eeding the shrapnel's song, Till we reached the trenenos safe an' sound, An' Billy be laid me on the ground, An' then sank down in a deadly swound. I thought he was dead, an' took 'is 'and, I could do no more, for I couldn't stand; An' then I saw 'is bleeding side, An' is khaki tunic all stained an' dyed. But I couldn't stop the crimson tide. At last old Bill he opened 'is ?yes, An' looked at me in glad surprise Cheery •as ever he smiled an' spoke. I say, old chap, I want a smoke!" I found 'is pipe, an' baccy, too. An'. struck a light in a sec or two. He smoked like a good 'un, Billy did, An' as for rue, I took a quid! Silent an' still old Billy' lay, An' I knew 'is thoughts were far away, But what he saw I never knew, Per'aps the face of a girl in blue Who kissed 'im once, an' eld 'is 'and When he went to fight for Motherland. But all of a sudden he raised 'is 'ead,— " What were the words the lassie said?— Be true to each other whate'er betide, Shoulder to shoulder, an' side by side! God 'elp you, my lads, to yin the fight, An' keep Old England's honoAr Uright I Tell her I tried without a •lout, An' now,—Good-bye! My pipe is out!" Oh, shame upon England, shame, shame, , shame, If she sells 'or 'onour for a game! You may bring your troops from the seven seas,— An' England 'as need. o' men like these,— But she needs more sons like brave old Bill, Gallant of 'cart an' strong of will, "To keep the old flag flyin' still! You asked o' Bill, an' I've told you all, 'Ow 'e gave his life at 'onour's call. But what of the lass? Well, let that rest, But I think she loved old Billy best, For she keeps 'is photo in her breast. • ' Per'aps, some day, when the time is ripe, Fll•finish the story o' Billy's vine. ALFRED CORNY,

===== 0002601_19141226_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
DISTRICT NE WS.

LY3I M.

For Unemployed Women.—As a result of the concert, promoted by Miss Mary Brundrett, and held on Saturday week in the Higher-lane Baptist Schoolroom, the appreciable sum of .i.e7 4s. has been contributed to Queen Mary's Fund for the assistance of women thrown out of employment through the war.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
CHRISTMAS FOOTBALL.

Biu Match. To-morrow In Aid of L 3 nun Red Cross Hospital.

The arrangements for to-morrow's grl-nd football match are now completed. It will be ployed on the Pepper-street ground, between the Lymm Wednesday and Saturday Clubs, and Mr. Alfred Watkin has kindly consented to kick off at half-past two prompt. The teams have been carefully chosen, and consequently a good match is anticipated—as also a record "gate," in view of the fact that the worthy object is the assistance of the Lymm Red Cross Hospital. Special interest attaches to the event, ,because the respective teams in- clude some of those members of Kitchener's Army and Territorial unifs wife will be lucky enough to spend Christmas Day in their own village, and who are only/too glad of the oppor- tunity of assisting a cause which will, if need be, assist them.

The teams have been selected as follows: Wednesday Club: G. Copeland; F, Guest and IT. Daniels; 11. Jackson, J. Cheetham and W. Clayton; A. Holt, H. Jardine, H. Dodson, H. Holt and F. Readitt.

Saturday Club: C. IL Slant; Bell a-nal-36M; E nda le, Brazendale and Whitfield; Owen, Gresty, Owen, Ravenscroft and S. T. Fogg. The players will meet at the Millstone Hotel,

===== 0002601_19141226_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
KILLED WHILE CYCLING. Inquest on the Late Mr. D. H. - Greenman.

At the LymmPolice Station on SatUrday, Mr_ E. A. White (deputy coroner) held ,tin inquest on the 1)64 of David Henry Greenman, of Booths Hill, Lymm, whose death had taken ,place the previous Thursday as a result of a fall whilst cycling down Station Brow.

On His Way to Work. Mary Elizabeth Greenman, the widow, said her husband had been employed as a time- keeper by the Manchester Ship Canal Company. He left'hume for his work on Thursday morn- ing at about ten minutes to six. He was then in his usual health. She next. saw 'him about eight o'clock in Dr. Thorpe's surgery. Later he was conveyed home, and died at nine o'clock in the eVening. He had ridden a bicycle for several years.

How the Accident Happened. , Henry Joseph Broome, a waterman, of Canal Bank, said that he, in company with another waterman—George Dodson, of Rush Green— noticed Mr. Greenman cycling down Station Brow at half-past six on the morning in ques- tion. It was then quite dark. They both moved to allow the cyclist to pass, and he turned as if to avoid them, but fell off.. Dodson then sum- moned Dr. Thorpe. George -godson gave similar evidence.

1

The Cause of Death. T-Dr. Thorpe said that arriving upon ,the scene, he found Greenman lying alive but uncon-- -scions upon the footpath. De had the man carried into his surgery. Greenman was bleed- ing from the nose, and there was subcutaneous licemorrhage under and around the eyelids. The rapidity with which the bleeding took place pointed to extensive injury. Witness haTh charge of the man until half-past eight, at which time Dr. Burrows—deceased's medical attendant —arrived. The patient was removed home -about noon 7 Death was• due to extensive hemorrhage at the front of the base of the skull, caused by heavy and direct.v,iolenee: such as might have been the result of the fait

A verdict of "Accidental death" was re- turned, the jury requesting the coroner to con- vey their deepest sympathy to the.widow.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
HIGH LEGH.

Death of Mrs. John Platt.—We regret to record the death of Mrs. John Platt, which sad event took place at her residence, Northwood HQ, on Tuesday. Mrs. Platt, win) was an old resident of High Legh, and who was very well known, had been under the care of Dr. Love. The fun6lll takes place to-day at Rostherne.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE.

" Morally and Religiously Rotten": A Co' rection.--.-Mr. Dale-informs us that in the dis- mission at the meeting of the Board of Guard- ians last week on the advisability of making, a payment from the rates to Padgate Church.im consideration of the attendance of the Padgate' Home children at the services, he did not saY that Placing such a toll on the young children attending the House of God was morally and religiously rotten. Ile used the , word wrong, ' not rotten.

PENKETH Scholars' Help War Fund and Make "Corn' forts."—On Friday the scholars of the Penket4 Council School gaVe their third annual co cert. The proceeds have been used before fci • the benefit of the school's sports clubs, but was decided this year to make it a patrioti , concert, and hand the profits to the local War Fund. Avery special effort to ensure succes4, was therefore made by both the teachers and the scholars, and their efforts were duly rewarded:. for the large Wesleyan Schbolroom was packed with appreciative auditors. The program/31e' which was as follows, was capitally rendered 19: the children, and was received with unstinted applause :—National Anthems (English, Frencll'. Belgian and Russian), School Choir; RibhoP Drill, TOD Standard Girls; " Toddlekins," fants; song, " Men of Brave Liege," Choo' sketch, "The Doctor," Infants; song, " the Dram," Choir; dance, "The Fairies." 6tr and 6th Girls; song, o,,,wewhere a ,voice Calling," and (encore) "Tipperary," Choirci Rose dance, Top Classes Girls; sailor song gf„r dance, 7th Boys and Girls; song, you walk," Choir. The entertainment con- cluded with a pretty performance of the fairla Comedy, The Man in the Moon," in which number of the children appeared with great sTa cess. During a brief interval Dr. Murray, presided, spoke of the amount of work it teachers and scholars had accomplished to the sailors and soldiers in their difficult ta.e:, The girls, he said, had made 50 pairs of sdel‘ix 12 body belts, 29 scarves, 12 pairs of cuffs, 0r pail's pairs of mittens, two pairs of knee caps, .°,,s; flannel bed jackets, and 12 woollen helide!rs whilst the boys had made 40 scarves and 12 Pal„a of cuffs. In addition the sum of .1:6 had he`,,i subscribed by the children, and from that tor of the material required had been purchased

ENTERTAINING "TOMMY." It was announced on Monday night that, Ilritish concert party will leave on 5u101.7,:' xnorning next, with the permission of the 1111:i tary authorities, to play for a week ationgb'„„ onr soldiers in France. Performances will - given at different points along the lines !of

NATIONALISTS AND THE WAR. °. Speaking at Limerick on Sunday, a mend asked if there was Catholic' Irishman Mr. Red' who would not blush with shame if it cot% Id be tbe said that the only Irishmen who eanie•-i Bel- s/necour of the friendly Catholic nation 42,Ulster. glum were the Orange Volunteers fron ~I. at this Happily there was no such (ranger, ''''" h birth moment Ireland had 150,000 men—of Irig„ wog with, the colours, and the Irish Brigacw,

1

===== 0002601_19141226_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1914.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
•:••:64.1›. WOMAN'S WO: LD.

4:0 ••• 0) 0.. ,e... 0 •,:. 4.,i. • ....., • •:* 4. 4. 4. 4. 4) 4. 4 . • .S.•:.•4•••••• ••:•••••••••• + • • •

4. 4. • • CHAT and GOSSIP.

• since the war much of this supply has stopped and the very few British manufacturers have heen,overwhelmed with orders. Perhaps if once the trade is recovered it may be possible to keep it in the country. - In this, as in glove-making, bead and button-making, and many other minor industries, it is the low wages and long hours, of the workers abroad, that give the foreign manufacturer the advantage.

Women Voluntary Aid Detachments. The Territorials, as is well known, mobilised their twenty-three hospitals when war broke out, but these were not enough, and no fewer than forty-eight auxiliary hospitals have, been neces- sary to meet requirements. These are under the St. John Ambulance Association, and receive from twenty to eighty patients each. Local committees watch over them, and women who have gone through the course of training laid down by the association are able here to render the aid so many are anxious to give, although they have not acquired a practical knowledge of nursing. Voluntary Aid Detachments of women are- doing good work by providing rest stations in connection with the transport of the wounded. At junctions, or on short delays, tea, soup, warm milli and cocoa, with other comes- tibles, are always ready to be served to the wounded in need of such comforts.

Tea Gowns and Dressing Jackets. The tea gown is a garment that has been trans- fbrmed by the war. It is, except in a few cases, a simple, practical, but always comfortable affair, in which it is possible to rest. It has now a short skirt, or rather one that just clears the ground, and is rarely made with a train as for- merly. A girdle often confines the waist, which is always very loose. Ruches are used as trim- mings, and when composed of soft satin ribbon in two colours, are very effective at the neck and sleeves; sometimes they are used to outline the waist, and to trim the skirt. A cosy dressing jaiket is a necessity in cold weather, and a very pfetty new model is made in the cross-over style, the ends tying behind. A delightful wool crepe is among the lovely new materials that British manufacturers have designed especially for these useful garments. Some of these materials ap- pear to have velvet flowers embroidered on them, but a close scrutiny reveals the fact that they

aro in washable wools, swansdown, nari w edg- ings of white fur, or frills of chiffon, trim these dainty models.

The Prevalence of Ermine.

Ermine has always been considered expen- sive fur, but its general \use this winter seems to point to the opposite being the case, since scarcely an afternoon or evening gown, or a hat, is without a touch of this dainty fur, or a clever imitation of it. Yet it is not a particularly be- coming daylight pelt; nor does it combine well with certain colours or with some materials. When soiled—and it quickly attracts the dirt of the city—it has a dingy appearance, but if re- served for evening wear only, it is handsome and fascinating. It is undoubtedly at its best when combined with black velvet, and looks well as a turn-down collar on any short-haired black fur. Whole skins are often used for this pur- pose. Milliners, too, twist it into the form of a buckle as a decoration for a small black velvet hat. Muffs of tailless ermine, of white fox, or of any white fur, are much used for evening or theatre wear, and are quite an addition to a dainty toilette.

Useful Renovations. Broad braid is used as a bordering for many coats, also for belts, for which it is particularly suitable. It is often employed in conjunction with fur. Frogged ornamentations are also seen on many coats, more especially on those of a military type, such as the Hussar, which is very smartly trimmed with braid. If an open coat .is to be brought up-to-date, braid is of great consequence in effecting its transformation. Thus the open neck and revers of a double-breasted coat may be closed if a piece of braid is put down the front, the fastening, as before, being at the side. The addition of a close-fitting fur col- lar, and cuffs for the sleeves, make of it the newest thing in this season's tailor-mades. These fur collars add considerably to the com- fort of a winter garment, and a closed coat is warmer than an open one. Much may be done to brighten a dark suit or frock, by judicious touches of bright Oriental colours, -or bril- liantly-coloured flowers worn at the corsage, or on dark furs. Artificial flowers this year are exceptionally beautiful and brilliant, and not expensive.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
By MARJORIE.

Christmas Cards and Cosaques. The royal Family is making no exception this season i a sending out the usual Christmas and New Year greetings, but from the public gener- ally there has been a great falling off in the practice of sending Christmas cards, and in the buying of crackers. Few people realise how much thought, skill and ingenuity go to the making of these goods. Clever artists design covers for boxes and pictures for crackers, as well as schemes for table decoration& . No sooner is one Christmas over than the stock for the next festival is begun, with the result that by August all is in readiness for the salesman. This year business during that fateful month— in crackers, at any rata—was at a complete standstill, and for the most part the designs were quite unsuitable for a nation engaged in a life-and-death struggle for existence. There has been little or no demand for the familiar cosaque, which is usually such a conspicuous feature at a Christmas party.

The Artificial Flower Industry. Artificial flower-making is one of the many . industries which to a great extent have been captured by Germany and Austria. It was orig- inally introduced into this country by French refugees, and France still excels in the art of .fiower-making, but for some time past British manufacturers, with a few exceptions, have been ,content with importing and mounting, instead of making the blossoms. Children, as well as women and girls, are largely employed in this industry in Germany and Austria, but they are miserably paid, 'and the goods are sold at prices -at which it is difficult for our manufacturers to -compete. More attention has been given abroad to the production of special kinds of cambric .and dyes, and the hands are very expert at the work. In the ordinary way we import artificial ;flowers to the value of .t 250,000 annually, but

===== 0002601_19141226_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
HOME NOTES.

Profitable Recipes and Useful Suggestions.

Dried fruits, such as dates, sultanas. figs, ex., ,eaten raw or stewed, with wholemeal bread, are ,enjoyed by children, and form an excellent meal. Fresh salads of uncooked vegetables, such as ,cabbage, red or white, onions, carrots. turnips, &c., grated, or finely shredded, are wholesome, 'cheap and purifying. ,

Onion Soup. Peel and cut up rather small three good-i.l 'onions, and cook them in 2 oz. of clariliNl drip- ping in a covered pan for one holfr til! tender, -then moisten with one and a half pints of hot water in which a cauliflower or beans have been cooked, or even plain water; add some slices of bread cut diagonally, and season with pepper and salt; then cover down the pan again, and let the contents simmer for at least an hour. Now crush the onions, Sze., through a sieve (this can be quite well omitted for ordinary pur- poses), and just before serving add gradually a tablespoonful of grated cheese, stirring this rapidly into the soup to ensure it blendim:.

To Take Stains Outof Skirts. If these stains are dried mud, wash with a -little soapy water to which you have added a 'few drops of ammonia. If grease, soak some fuller's earth in turpen- i ine until you have .a thick cream. spreild on the stain, and leave until it is dry. Then brush off. If the ,stain has not quite gone, try again. If candle-grease; use a piece of brown paper and a hot iron. If tar, rub on a little lard, leave for a time, and wash in warm, soapy water.

Stuffed Shoulder of Mutton. Have the blade bone removed from the shoulder, then stuff the cavity with the foil:w- ing mixture: One cupful of bread:renths, one tablespoonful of finely chopped parsley, one tea- spoonful of chopped onion, one tea- spoonful of salt, one-third of a teaspoonful of pepper, half dozen chopped fresh mushrooms (if obtainable), and sufficient melted butter— about one-quarter of a cupful—to moisten. Sew or fasten up the opening. Put a bed of vegetables in the bottom of the pan, and on this lay the meat. Pour in me cupf of

water or stock, cover closely, and place in a Ivit oven for half an hour. Uncover and finish the cooking, basting well. Thicken, season and strain the gravy, and send to the table in a boat.

Steamed Halibut.

Take a, three-pound piece of white halibut, cover it with a cloth, and place in a steamer. Set the steamer on a dish of fast-boiling water, steam for two hours, remove to a hot dish, gar- nish with parsley, and serve with egg sauce.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
HERE AND THERE.

What Men Would Like to Know About Women. As she has so slight a sense of humour, what animates her frequent laughing and smiles? Is it serious, or only affectation of mirth or amia- bility? ' Why does she remove her coat and hang it over her arm when she steps on the scales to be weighed? Is it true that .she believes the advertisements on the panels of cars? Why is she so afraid of a harmless mouse aad without fear of a dreadful man? Are her guesses better than man's reason? If one would securely hide a secret from her, would it not be well to incorporate it in an editorial article? Why is it that she has no concern for past or future, but only for the present? If she were never born, bow would man fare? Is.it mot so, that with all her faults.we love her still—the stiller the better?

The Wedding Ring. Society wonieji in Denver have been looking into the history\ of the wedding ring and their researches have disclosed that the finger on which the circlet is worn was chosen because it is supposed to contain the blood vein that runs directly to the heart. One woman who looked the subject up for her club reported that the old rhyme, " As your ring wears, you'll live out your cares," aided her in learning the evolution of the practice that distinguishes married women from the single ones. The wedding ring has undergone many changes from the one of iron to the splendid beveled gold circlet that iS worn to-day, but the wedding ring finger always has remained the same. The origin of the bridal veil is a subject of dispute in women's clubs. The Denver woman asserts Mary Tudor wore the first wedding veil in Western Europe.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
HINTS ON HEALTH. Useful Information in Popular

Language.

Strength With Age. At 70, General George A. Wingate, lawyer and sportsman, abandoned tennis. He still played golf, walked 15 miles in a day through the forest, field and swamp, with gun on shoulder and dog at heel, and waded mountain streams with his trout rod in his hand. If other men would adopt his system, the General said, they would be just as hale- and hearty and full of fun and life at the threescore and ten mark. Here is his system s—Take "setting up" exercises 15 minutes, night and morning, before an open window. Keep the pores of the skin open by scrubbing them every day with a flesh brush. Take plenty of outdoor exercise. Have some fun. If you're getting along toward the 50 mark associate with young people. Sleep well. Eat and drink moderately. Don't worry. Take up some altruistic hobby. Men getting along in years can often do more and better work by working five instead of six days a week. Prevention of a Cold.

A person who habitually "catches cold" should have his nose and throat thoroughly ex- amined. The nasal, post nasal, and accessory sinuses should receive particular attention, and any necessary operation should not be shunned, in order that these parts should be placed in thorough working order. Have a good supply of fresh, pure air at all times. Vitiated and con- taminated air tends to infection by lowering the local resisting powers. Hot, crowded, badly- ventilated rooms, halls, or theatres, predispose likewise. The healthy action of the skin should be maintained. A cold rub down with quick reaction is a splendid prevention of colds. Clothing should be regulated according to the demands of the weather. Just enough should be worn to keep one comfortably warm. Too much clothing conduces to infection as well as too little. Direct infection should be carefully guarded against. Keep your distance from a person who sneezes or coughs, especially in the first stages of a cold. Likewise should one in- fected avoid close contact with others. Keep the nose and mouth always clean by washing them out occasionally with a good antiseptic gargle. Fatigue, hunger, mental depression, and anxiety favour infection, while a happy, jovial, optimistic temperament has much to do in preventing infection.—" Good Health."

CHILDREN'S COYALR. ,ro Conducted by UNCLE NED. t.)=2dAttiktaYes(ol-A)49-2p0,-amvatol2:6=2,4 A HEARTY INVITATION to join this Corner is extended to all children who read it regu- larly. Application for membership, stating

name, address and age, should be Made to;

"UNCLE NED. ' Office, Bewsey- street, Warrington." Every girl or boy, whose name is in the Big Book, is entitled to enter the competitions held from time to time, to the winners of which useful prizes are awarded.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
CHRISTMAS AT LAST.

MY DEAR CHILDREN,-

A cheerful Christmas to us all, with many a happy one to follow! May it bring to us, and each of us, the recollection of those blessings we enjoy as Christians, and as the subjects of a Christian country, great and glorious. May it rekindle in our hearts that hope of peace which so swiftly passes from us. May we learn to know its worth. Well, this is our Christmas Corner; and I trust it will prove to your liking. I now give the results of the Christmas competition, and I am very pleased to say that there has been a large number of competitors. The essays, gen- erally, show that great care has been taken in preparing them; and the writing is very neat in almost every case. One or two of those who •sent in essays, however, missed the point, which had, you remember, to deal with: "How should I spend this Christmas?" You all know why this Christmas is different from the usual ones, don't you? Perhaps you are expecting me to give you my own ideas about the subject now? Well, I won't: because if you read the winning essay you will know exactly what my views are—and so I need not give them here. I congratulate my successful little niece upon her nice essay:, she will receive the prize--a book—in time for Christmas Day, as a useful present. With the closing words of "Good Cheer" to all who have not this time been quite successful, and with the hope that they will persevere until Dame Fortune smiles at last upon them, I now leave you to enjoy this Christmas Corner. A cheerful Christmas to us all!

Your loving

===== 0002601_19141226_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
UNCLE NED.

THE WINNING ESSAY.

Dear Uncle Ned,—You ask me how I should spend this Christmas? Well, when I first looked at it, I thought: What a simple question to ask! But it is not so easy, after all; it is not how I should like, but how I should. Well, I do not think it would be right this Christmas for me to make it a day of pleasure, but to be quiet and thoughtful, and not selfish. When I hear my father read about the poor Belgian children, many who have lost both parents, and who will be in strange homes and in strange lands this Christmas; I think I should go to chapel in the morning, to thank God that I am an English girl, and to ask God to send peace to earth and good-will to all men quickly. In the afternoon I think I should write a long cheery letter to my brother, Joseph, who is training in Ireland, and who is shortly going to the Front. Then I should help mother to get the tea ready and to wash the dishes and straighten up the kitchen. Then I think I should sit down and read my prize which I shall get from Sunday School for regular attendance, and when bedtime comes I should kneel down by my bedside and ask God to take care of our soldiers and sailors, and ask Him to bring them all safe home again. And I should pray for their wives and little children, that they may not be sad or frightened, but that when another Christmas comes round they, along with myself, will have their loved ones with them again.— NELLIE MASON, 174, Longford-street, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEXT BEST.

I think you would like to know whose essays I thought were the "next best." Well, I will tell you the names of just half-a-dozen who sent in very nicely-penned attempts, but who were not quite successful : MONA BAKER, 12, Bewsey-street. SADIE POTTER, 151, Wellfield-street. , HILDA PALMER, 3, Worsley-street. HILDA HARSALL, 36, Factory-lane. HORACE BAKER, 12, Bewsey-street; and JAmes TARDRK4:,4,O, Marsh House-lane..'

THOUGHT FOR THE WEEK. Shun idleness, it is the rust that attaches itself to the most brilliant metals:—VouitmE.

RIDDLES ON THE WAR.

Why have the Germans the largest fleet of air- ships?—Because they are the biggest "gas-bags." Why does theaiser want to rule the North Sea?—Because it's the German notion (ocean).

TURKEY, NOT LARK.

The captain of a well-known football team had a fine turkey presented to him, as a Christ- mas gift, by the other members of the team. On going, a little time later, to the bag in which he had placed the turkey, he found to his sur- prise that it had gone. Suspecting three com- panions who were fond of a joke, he went and asked them about it; and received the reply:

"It was only a lark." "Lark be bothered," replied the captain; "it weighed twenty pounds."

===== 0002601_19141226_art0041.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
1111

. ••• ^ NO ADVANCE IN PRICE. .- UUfl v pr ,i „ff ,_iu...,,, s itt . ', BAKING POWDER. '

r

===== 0002601_19141226_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
°A)e);;;ii

.e_ts Et

To Purchase Finest Hose Direct from rentro f industry. N 0.109. Ladies' or, Gonr's pure soft Cashmere. Bzeo bl .ck or tan, 8 pars 3/6,aamplo pirl,2. p st Ire-. No. 101. with silk clox. 3 pairs 4/3, sample 115. wear 011irantetNI. Satisfaction assured. W.& p. FREOSE, Witckley, I el,.

SEND nine penny stamps to Newhall & Mason, Nottingham, and they will send you a bottle of— Mason's Ginger Wine Essence which makes----- One Gallon Ginger Wine with the addition of lump sugar

MI who apply before December 3ist will receive a Neat Money Box,which makes a Useful Gift forthe Children. - A bottle of Ginger Wine Essence would make an excellent gift for the men at the front:

===== 0002601_19141226_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
HAIR DESTROYER

James' Depilatory

Instantly remotes Snperfluons Bair from the laee, Neck, or Army. without injury .to the skin. Of most chemists; or, free from observation, post free on receipt rgitel order tor is, id., 9s. 9d., or 51.—Mrs N. Jimks. of . Caledonian Road, London, N

"For the Blood Is the Life."

===== 0002601_19141226_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
DO YOU SUFFER

from any SKIN or BLOOD DISEASE Such as Eczema. Scrofula. Bad Legs. AbacesseS. Ulcers, Glandular Swellings, Boils, Pi,11T3112.8. Bores of any kind, Piles. Blood Poison. Rheumatism, Gent, Bo.? If no don't waste your time and money on lotion° and ointments which cannot get below the surface of the skin. \Jolt eon leant and what you must have lea medicinehat will IliornoghP' tree the blood of the poisonous matter • ' • ' tif all your fluff o medicine. tpel fro.-

- - of all your euffering ne. It Jr

-r.rOm

===== 0002601_19141226_art0046.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4 -

3 '

===== 0002601_19141226_art0047.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
111

===== 0002601_19141226_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
Christmas Conundrums.

When is a shoemaker one of the most re. Egious of men?—When he restores, the sole. What is that which every living man has seen, But never more will see again, ween? —Yesterday. Why are horse jockeys like ships' anchors?—Because they are always weighed 'before a start. When is a waggoner like the morn?— When he is on the wain. What is a button?-11. small event which is always coming off. What burns to keep a secret?—Staling- , wax. When is a lamplighter like a cowardly soldier?—When he turns away from his post. What river runs between two seas?—The Thames, which runs between Chelsea and

: : Battersea.. I Who are they who feel most for their friends without being necessarily sympa- thetie ? —The blind. What game is played by a ship in a storm?--Pitch and tees. Why is a stick of candy like a horse?— Because the more you lick it the faster it goes. When may a butcher be said to rob him- ' s'7.lf?—When he steels his own knife. When is a lady like an echo—When she i will have the last word. „ What is that which we often find where it i is not, and often do not find where it is? Fault. When is a ship not 'a ship?—When she's , .aground. _ .., 'Why is an adjective like a drunken man? ' .—Because it cannot stand alone. Why is a horse that is constantly ridden or driven not likely to be starved?—Because ' it will have a bit in his mouth all the time. - Why are hay and straw like spectacles?— 'Because they are forage. ,E.. What is everything and everybody doing wat the same time?—Growing older. Why are tall people the last to get up?— Because they are longest in bed. What would a diamond become if placed in a basin of water?--Wet. When does an old chair resemble a bill that is paid?—When it is reseated. When is wine like a book?—When it is red. - When is wine likely to lose itself?—When it is in the wood. - Wherein does a good governess chiefly . differ from a 'bad one?—One guides miss t and the other misguides. t Why is an umbrella like a hot cross bun? —Because it is never seen after lent. , Why may starpenters believe there is no ; such thing as iron?—:Because they never saw it. , What three letters of the alphabet does a man like to have on his shoulders?— A. Y Z (a wise head). What precious stone is like a door?— 'Agate. Why is the letter F like death?—Because - it makes "all" "fall." Why is a man searching for the philo- ik BoPher's atone like Neptune?—Because he is -a-seeking (sea-king) what never existed. Who had the greatest appetite that wat - . . - 4)4r heard of P—The man who bolted a door,

===== 0002601_19141226_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
_ thiew up a window and then oat down and swallowed a whole story. Why is a good, .hueband like dough?— Because a woman needs him.

I—WI'S; —does a baby resemble a tea-cup?-- When it's a teething. If the poker, shovel, tongs, and fender cost £1 15s. 9d., what will a ton of coals come to?—Ashes. Why is a cow's tail like a swan's bosom? —Because it grows down. .Why is a pig in a parlour like a hnoseon :fire?—Because the sooner it is put out the I better.

When- is a partnership like a pen?—When there is a split in it. What net is most certain to catch a hand- some wonran?—A coro-net. WhY is a man approaching a candle like one about to get off a horse?—Because he is going to a light. Why are deaf people like Dutch cheese?— Because you can't make them here. What list in a newspaper can never be made -without broken English?—The bank- rupt list. I What are the best letters of recommenda- tion?—.2 s. d._

-.-- What is book - keeping? Forgetting to return borrowed -volumes. What is it we all like to have, but never like to keep ?—A good appetite. Why are people born deaf always good --, Because they have never erred in their live 4. Why is sympathy like blind man's buff?— Because it is a fellow feeling for a fellow creature. What is that which is neither useful nor ornamental, and yet a carriage cannot go without it _ .

_ What is that which is often brought to the table, always cut, but never eaten?—A pack of cards. If a pair of spectacles could speak, what ancient historian would they Inentionf— Eusebius (you see by us). Why is love always represented as a child? —Because it never reaches the age of dis- cretion.

----- Why are the two sides of a knife-handle like two belles , gallantcd by one beauf—Be- cause they have one blade between them. Why is a drover's goad like the county of Berks?—Because it runs into Oxon and Herts. . _

"Why do „you use so much tobacco? " was asked of an American. "Because I chews," Was the reply. Who was the oldest woman ever heard of? Ann Tiquity. Why has a person more fathers than grandfathers?—He has only two grand- fathers, but he may have fore fathers at the least. What trade is the sun?—A tanner. Why is a perfumer always wise—Because ha never lacks scents.

What is it that you must ?cep after you have given it to another?—Your word: What wig is it that a barber cannot make?—An earwig. Why is a man who has had his eye put out like the majority of schoolroastere—Be- cause he has a vacancy for a pupil. Why is good advice like a sickle—Because it goes against the grain. Where did the Prince of Wales go on his twenty-first birthday?—lnto his twenty- second year. If an egg were found on a music-stool, what poem would it suggest?—The "Lay Of flit, Laid aiustrel."

===== 0002601_19141226_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
way is it impossible 'for a butcher to be hotteet?—Because he steels the knives he 111,08.

What town in Norfolk is like ham at five shillings a pound?2.—Dereliam. When Is a policeman like a balloon?Whcn he takes people up. Why is Virgil, translated, like hatred?— Because it is a-version. _

Why are ladies a little "oft their head?" —Because there is a B in every bonnet. How can you shoot hundreds of hairs at one shot?—Fire at a wig.

_ What words may be pronounced quicker and shorter by aading syllables to them.— "Quick" and "short." Why is a dinner on board a steamboat like Easter Day?—Because it is a movable feast. Why is a wedding-ring like eternity?— Because it is endless.

At what time of day would it he most dangerous to see a 4ull in a long, narrow lane ?-3ust after one. How does a policeman often resemble a rainbow?—When he appears after a storm. What is double entry'—Charging the goods twice. Why is an old woman who can't work and doesn't work, like a young woman who can and does work 2—Because one is notable and the other is not-able. _ _ _

Which is the mopt valuable—a ten-pound note or ten sovereigns?—A ten-pound note; because when you put it in your pocket you double it, and when you take it .out again you see it in creases. Why are ladies at the theatre like their jewels when they get home?—Because they are put in a box.

WOMEN IN WAR. In days of old, when women served their country in war, they undertook the same service as men: they went into the field and fought: in some cases they were born commanders. Deborah, Boadicea, and Joan of Arc must have had military genius of a high order, for men followed them willingly; and in every count. 7 there are tales of bands of heroic women who have taken part in fighting, generally in def,P.tice of their own cities and homes. But the world is :.ot in that stage of evolution now when NY omen can best serve their country in the field. They are no longer called upon to take part in the physical conflict. Their task is different from that of combatants, but none the less real; and it has been very striking during this war how not only women themselves are conscious of their national responsibility, but that the whole com- munity has been conscious of it also, and his encouraged women to shoulder it couragoously and firmly. The general recognition of the national value of women's services in war time is comparatively new. The great pioneer was, of course, Florence Nightingale.—Mrs. Henry Faw- cett in the "Contemporary Review" for Dec- ember.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
IND ERFE CT IN healthy children L are generally happy; but a very slight stomach trouble is often enough to make them miserable. That is the time to try a Steedman's Powder. You will find that it acts like magic. Steedman's Powders contain no poison or narcotic.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
SOUTH AFRICAN REVOLT.

How to Deal With the Unsuccessful Rebels.

BOTHA AND THE "DEAD PAST."

General Botha states that now the rebellion is over, no fear need be entertained of a recrudes- cence of the trouble. The one thing now need- ful—and on this General Botha lays great stress—is that all sections of the loyal popula- tion, Dutch and English alike, should refrain from words or actions which might exacerbate feeling. lle says, in effect, "Let the dead past bury its dead." Continued denunciation of the rebels may wound just those whom Englishmen have no desire to wound. "For the loyalist Boer," he says, " in these days it has been an unhappy and, indeed, tragic ordeal to have to hunt down and fire upon men, some of them their relatives, and many of them their comrades in arms. These men in many cases have already %net their just punish- ment. Their wrong-doing and their fate are matters of the most acute grief to their kins- men, and bitterness may unwittingly be pro- voked if our English fellow-countrymen con- tinually emphasise to them .the infamy of acts which they are not alone in detesting. "The loyal commandos have had a hard task to perform, and they have performed it. The cause of law and order has been and will be vin- dicated. Let that be enough. This is no time for exultation or for recrimination. Let us spare one another's feelings. Remember we have to live together in this land long after the war is ended.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
UNITED AGAINST GERMAN FOE.

" In suppressing the rebellion the Government have had the most hearty co-operation of both races. Let us have the same co-operation in German South-West Africa. The undertaking before us is a difficult undertaking, but, if we all do our duty, it will be carried to a success- ful conclusion. Now that German territory has become a refuge forqlaritz and the other rebels it is more than ever necessary that we should persist in our operations there. We cannot tolerate the existence of a nest of out- laws on our frontier, a menace to the peace of the Union."

Speaking of the services rendered by General Smuts, General Botha declared: "Nobody can ever appreciate sufficiently the great work General Smuts has done—greater than any other man—throughout this unhappy period. At his post day and night, his brilliant intel- lect, his calm judgment, his amazing energy, and his undaunted courage, have been assets of inestimable value to the Union in her hour of trial."

===== 0002601_19141226_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
REBEL LEADER SHOT.

Fourie Court-martialled and Pleads

6uilty.

A field court martial, under the presidency of Colonel Truter, Commissioner of Police, was opened last Friday morning for the trial of the rebel leader -Fourie, who was captured on Decentber 16 with 44 other rebels, after a hot fight. - His brother was also placed on trial.

The one is a captain and the other a lieutenant in the Defence Force. Both pleaded guilty to rebellion. The elder prisoner made a statement in which, as a Dutchman, he bitterly reproached the British for their conduct in South Africa, and alleged that whenever they had the oppor- tunity,they injured the traditions of tee Boers.

lie decla-red. that no Englishman could feel other than he felt if similarly placed under a foreign Government, and he considered that it was a greater honour to stand there as pris- oner than as an officer of the British Army. It was his conviction that there were enough people on the veldt "to rescue South Africa."

- He did not intend to ask the Court for mercy for himself, but he strongly pleaded for mercy for his young brother, who was under his in- fluence, and also for other men under his influ- ence and command.

The court martial found that both brothers were guilty, but recommended Lieut. Fourie to mercy. _. . _

Capt.-Fourie was shot at dawn on Sunday. Sentence of death was also passed on his brother, Lieut. Fourie, but it has been com- muted to five years' imprisonment.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
MORE CAPTURES.

An important capture is officially announced from Schweizer Reneke in the person of the rebel General Frederick G. A. Wolmarans, of LiChtenburg, who at the time of the outbreak of the rebellion achieved notoriety as one of General Beyers's most active lieutenants. Conroy. the last of the principal Free State rebel leaders, has been captured.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
THE KING'S CHRISTMAS.

The Prime Minister called at Buckingham Palace on Tuesday evening, and was received in audience by the King. Mr. Asquith re- mained over half an hour. This, in view of his Majesty's prospective absence from town—, is likely to be the final conference of the current year between the King And his principal ad- viser.

His Majesty held a Privy Council at Buck- ingham Palace on Wednesday. In the afternoon the King and Queen, with those of their children now in town, left for York Cottage, Sandringham, where they will spend Christmas very quietly. Queen Alexandra remains in London for Christmas.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
TRAGEDY FOLLOWS TRAGEVY.

Former Officer's Death at Private's Funeral. Captain James Grant Malcolmson, of the National Reserve of Territorials and formerly captain in the 3rd Battalion Gordon High- landers, died suddenly while attending, in Pad- dington Cemetery on Tuesday, the funeral of one of his men accidentally killed last week while guarding the railway at Wimbledon. Arriving at the graveside Captain Malcolmson fell forward and died almost immed4ately in the arms of his son. He was 52 years of age, and was the eldest son of Captain Malcolmson, V.C., late of the Royal Bodyguard, and cousin of Lord Erskine.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
ANGLO-RUSSIAN RELATIONS.

Authors' Appreciative Address.

WHAT WILL HAPPEN AFTER THE WAR?

Leading British authors have addressed a striking manifesto to "Our colleagues in Russia."

"At this moment," the statement says, "when your countrymen and ours are alike facing death for the deliverance of Europe, we English men of letters take the opportunity of uttering to you 'feelings which have been in our hearts for many years. You yourselves, per- haps, hardly realise what an inspiration Eng- lishmen of the last two generations have found in your ,literature.

"Many a writer among us can still call back from ten or twenty or thirty years ago that feeling of delight and almost of bewilderment with which he read his first Russian novel. Perhaps it was "Virgin Soil" or "Fathers and Sons," perhaps "War and Peace" or "Anna Karenina," perhaps "Crime and Punishment" or "The Idiot," perhaps again it was the work of some author still living. . . . "When at last our victorious fleets and armies meet together and the allied nations of East and West set themselves 'to restore the well- being of many millions of ruined homes, France and Great Britain will assuredly bring their large contributions of good will and. wisdom, but your country will have something to contri- bute which is all its own. It is ,not only because of your valour in war and your achieve- ment in.art, science and letters that we rejoice to have you for allies and friends, it is for some quality in Russia herself, something both pro- found and humane, of which these achievements are the outcome and the expression. "You, like us, entered upon this war to defend a weak and threatened nation, which trusted you against the lawless aggression of a strong military Power; you, like us, have continued I it as a war of self-defence and self-erhancipa. tion. When the end comes arid we can breathe again we will help one another to remember the I spirit in which our allied nations took up arms I and thus work together in a changed Europe to protect the weak, to liberate the oppressed and to bring eventual healing to the wounds in- flicted on suffering mankind both .by ourselves and our enemies. _

" With assurances of our 'friendship and gratitude we sign ourselves: -

- - William Archer Ernest de Cell neon rt Maurice Baring Nevill Forbes J. M. Barrie John Galsworthy Arnold Bennett . Constance Garnett A. C. Bradley Edward Garnett Hobert Bridges A. P. Goudy Hall Caine Thomas Hardy G. K. Chesterton • , Jane Harrison Arthur Conan Doyle Anthony Hope J. W. Mackail Henry James John Masefield May Sinclair A. E. W. Mason D. Mackenzie Wallace 1 Aylmer Maude Mary A. Ward Alice Meynell William Watson Gilbert Murray Ir. G. Wells Henry Newbault Margaret L. Woods Gilbert Parker C. Hagberg Wright

===== 0002601_19141226_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
BEST HOUSE COAL

FOFi

NUTS 8/ SLACK, WASHED

... wlllliloi:nniiii4 •.2.1. which Store IS the ue ..c. ("larke'e Illo,d :%.i‘turce , r cause , i• jest such A , la composed of ingredients . whioh quickly expel .... toe blood ell impurities fr.im ssluitever enus, arising, slid .o bender- eon be relied upon tu erect a la.tiug cure. Clarke s , losicmi=s:4 Blood Mixture Pleasant to take. Of all Chemists and • Stores. , .. .. 2/9 per bottle. WILL CURE YOU Refuse Substitutes. PERMANENTLY. 1

===== 0002601_19141226_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
I.JTS, BEANS & PEA:

CROMPTON & SHAWCROSS LTD.,

Colliery Proprietors, DALLAIR LANE, WARRINGTON, and at Car Terminus. Latchford. All inquiries to F. W. PRAEGER, Distrio4 Agent.

The health and vigour of an individual de- pends upon quantity and quality of the blood. When the tissues have been at work there are thrown into the blood waste products, and if these be not eliminated, but (through any cause) detained in the blood, they influence nutritios and funcsia, and finally produce organic disease. "Humaillitarian." In cases of Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Legs, Skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples and Sores of all kinds, the effectiveness of Clarke's Blood Mix- tures is marvellous. Thousands of wonderful cures have been effected by it. Clarke's Blood Mixture sold. everywhere, at 2s. 9d. per bottle. Beware of worthless imitations and substitutes. —Advt. 5.

TELEPHONE 355 Y .

\

Printing Oiderly

IF YOU WANT PRINTING TILAT WILL BE A CREDIT TO YOUR BUSINESS,

CONSULT

===== 0002601_19141226_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
" THE EIiMINER " OFFICE,

HEWSEY STREET

===== 0002601_19141226_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
itt -'r ,e, 1 '.i i .1 ; ,: 1,1 ilv ! i). ii, ,t'i

===== 0002601_19141226_art0063.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
; `,l

===== 0002601_19141226_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
11

,

I.

Ri'4:4)!**,`o

r,Nw4!

L

===== 0002601_19141226_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
'll I tk 1. 1 I

t i °t •

11

i;'1411 , ft I

H

II

41a 1,4

;f , n.

;',ll

p

===== 0002601_19141226_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
.

•

R. W. WOODS, 4 and 5, MARKET _ PLACE,

Next Door to Post Office, WARRINGTON. ODDMENTS IN SLIGHTLY SOILED FANCY LINEN GOODS and

TRAVELLERS' SAMPLES To Be Cleared THIS WEEK ONLY BELOW COST.

You may walk round our 'Shops and inspect goods without feeling obliged to purchase.

R. W. WOODS, MARKET PLACE, Next Door to Post Office, WARRINGTON.

LEATHER IS DEARER!, Owing to the enormous quantity of Boots required for the Armies of the Allies, practically all Of which have to be made in England, there is riOH possible doubt that Boots are certain to be MUCII DEARER. The Manufacturers demand an increase of 10 per cent. to 20 per cent., and, in certain kinds of Boots, up to even 30 per cent. Since the outbreak of AVar the price of LEATHER has risen by nearly one-half. It is evident that the Public will have to pay largely-increased prices, or accept an inferior article—one or the other. WE ARE, HOWEVER, IN THE FORTUNATE POSITION TO BE ABLE TO OFFER LARGE STOCKS OF BOOTS, SIIOES AND SLIPPERS AT PRICES RULING BEFORE THE WAR. We strongly advise our friends to take advantage of these Stocks, which represent the best possible value.

R. ROBERTS & SON 197 BRIDGE STREET.

GE DDES' d DAN DEMON CUFFE/i.. I ' "THE BEST AND CHEAPEST EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. old by all Grocers and Druggists in Canisters. 6d., 10d.. end 10. Ed. sock'. Wholesale by . GEDDES & SON. LTD., W A RRTNGTON

JOHN BUCKLEY& CO. LTD.

e WARRINGTON. Motor Haulage Contractors BY PETROL AND STEAM. Fern!tore Removing a SoecialitY• roe Pazflatters apply 94 & 98, CHURCH STREET TELEPHONE 108

.

tiPM

BIRTHS. NIARRIAGES. DEATHS.

% ) a... T... til"° k 4% 1i.,,...j

===== 0002601_19141226_art0067.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER,

SATURDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1911.

FREEMEN TURMOIL IN TIIE COUNCIL.

At last night's meeting of the Council the proposal to make six new Freemen of the Borough was rejected by fifteen votes to thirteen. As it is necessary to have a majority of two to one to make a Freeman, it will readily be seen how hopeless were the chances of success on the part of the promoters. SIR GILBERT Gnr.ENALL wrote declining the honour, as the time was inopportune, and Mr. CROSFIELD wrote urging post- ponement till happier days. The pro- moters persisted, however, and the town was provided with an experience ,it could well have avoided. The adop- tion of the advice "The Examiner" gave a month ago would have saved much unnecessary "turmoil," as the MAYOR fittingly called the dispute, but —the advice was not taken.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
THROUGH THE FIRE.

Last Christmas we -ventured to draw attention to the paradox of a world pro- fessing Christianity and formally recOg- nising its great festival of peace and good-will when the leading nations were demanding arms, and yet more arms, for possible, if not probable, use upon their neighbours. That is only . twelve short months ago, in five of which the greatest war of all time has been raging. If we except the Turk, it would, be fair to say that the peoples who are now flying at each others' throats and killing or maiming one another by the million are among what we called the most highly civilised peoples of the globe. The . heathen Chinee and the unspeakable Turk never did anything so heathenish or so incom- prehensible as the things now being (lone in Europe in the name of Culture. While we are reflecting upon the sad fact Mat this Christmas few homes will be left untouched in our world-wide Empire, across- the immeasurable regions of Russia, in the extensive territories of Austria-Hungary, the broad acres of Germany, the fertile lands of France, the once happy Bel- gium, distracted Servia, and rugged Montenegro, we can, at all events, rejoice in one fact—that, this, welter of bloodshed is none of our seeßing. When the war broke out the case of England was stated fearle-sly and fully,

and that case has stood the attack of the enemy just as our troops have stood the onslaughts of the hordes of trained soldiers who have been hurled at them in all but overwhelming and irresistible numbers. In the field and in the Coun- cil Chamber we have remained un- ihaken and unshakable. All neutral :ountries have acknowledged the ustice of our position, and, as a matter if fact, our position before the eyes of he world grows stronger as time goes on And obscure points become clear. We have indeed been going through the fire in a double sense, and it is a matter for congratulation that we are emerging from the ordeal stronger and, it is to be hoped, purer for the process. Our Navy has maintained its proud role that enables Britain to proclaim herself mistress of the seas ' • our Army has added to its glorious traditions. But great as have been the triumphs of our arms on sea and. on land, they have been excelled in the other and perhaps a more important direction: 'We refer to the moral side of the question, the side which will make a special appeal to the imagination of us all with greater force in the midst of this Christian fes- tival. Never did the reputation of England—and We use the name Eng- land as signifying the heart of the great living and expanding Empire of which she is the c'entre—stand so high as it does to-day. In the midst of unprece- dented prosperity we stepped aside from our occupations and our profits, and risked our existence in an encoun- ter with an oppressor of small States, and to vindicate by all .the power that we could command the word we had given to a friend.. It has been a long, a bitter, and a terrible struggle,. The end, is not yet------but we. shall, go on- to • the end. It is the knowledge of that determination on our part that has heartened our Allies, who are going on with us to the end, however distant it may be. The strength of our position may easily be proved by the employment of a few negatives. It has not been neces- sary for us to make a formal raid upon neutral countries with the object of courting their good opinion • we have stated our case, and left it .ill the assurance , that an honest tale speeds best being plainly told. We have not bombarded undefended coast towns with mighty , naval guns, nor dropped murderous bombs from the clouds upon unsuspect- ing and sleeping cities. We have not, in sheer desperation, had to ally our- selves with the Turk„at once the scum of Asia and the abomination of Europe, who will soon be pitched finally upon the scrap-heap of Empires for which the world has no further use. It will soon be our privilege to carry the war into the enemy's country. When we get there we shall show the KAISER and his barbarians the measure of our moral superiority, as we have already shown him the measure of .our predominance on land and sea and in the air. Such sins have been committed against man and before GOD by the Germans as call for vengeance, but our greatest moral strength will be proved by the restraint that we shall show. We shall not be arson-mongers and murderers when we enter Germany. We have,a reputation at stake, and we shall be on our guard against lowering that reputation to the level of the German reputation. One great nation is enough for Europe to have grovelling in the mire, and we must leave Germany gasping alone in the slough of dishonour in whieh' she has involved herself. Fortified towns will\ doubtless be bombarded, and we , shall go to the extremities allowed by the rules and usages of war, having been forced into war, but we shall not rhurder, burn and ravage. That is a -comforting reflection at this time of the year. • , War may seem a queer 'theme for Christmas Eve treatment, but there are -many, and we include ourselves in the many. who believe that out of this colossal wrong will come great and last- ing good. We now know that Germany was plotting for world-wide power, and we have learnt by sad experience how the Huns applY the power that comes . their way. We have attacked that power before it has got beyond our strength ; andy under the guidance of PROVIDENCE, we shall assist in putting the world on a better and surer founda- tionit from the menace of thesb\JO' rffLeTlig ich has acted as a brake upon, the wheel of social progress for more than ath generatio, At home a danger has welded together common all classes as nothing else could have done ; we now see clearly that the interest of one is the interest :of all. There will .be less grumbling in future about the call that is being increasingly made upon .us 'to bear one another's -burdens. The good time coining is coming all the more quickly for the affliction from which we now suffer.

ER, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1914.

The Mayor (Alderman Peter Peacock) having received a requisition signed by nineteen mem- bers of the Council to call a special meeting for the purpose of considering the creation of several Freemen, his Worship called the meet-. jug for last (Wednesday) night. The notice convening the meeting stated that it would be

For the purpose of passing a resolution to confer the Freedom of the Borough, under and pursuant to the Act 48 and 49 Victoria, cap. 29, on the following gentlemen, viz. Alderman T. Burton, Alderman W. Bolton, Alderman J. Smethurst, Alderman W. Pierpoint, Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart., C.V.0., and A. H. Crosfield, Esq., in recognition of eminent services rendered by them to the borough.

The requisition was signed by the following : Councillors Archer, Pemberton, Fox, Cunning- ton, Gough, Chrimes, Jenkins, Lashford, Osborne, Skelland, Barton, Chantler, McKee, Hal Ewell, Broadhurst, Shaw, Hawthorn, Tay- lor and Henshall.

His Worship presided, and there were also present: Aldermen Bolton, Pierpoint, Bennett, James Evans. Tinnion, John Evans and Smeth- urst; Councillors Craik, Lindley, Barton, Skel- land, Shaw, Locker, Joseph, Jenkins, Roberts, Broadhurst, Gough, Chrimes, Chantler, Archer, Lashford, Cunnington, Osborne, Hawthorn, Pemberton, Wilkinson, Dickenson, McKee, and Henshall; Mr. J. Lyon Whittle (town clerk), and Mr. J. Fairhurst (borough treasurer).

cii 11

===== 0002601_19141226_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
SIR GILBERT GREENALL DECLINES Says Time Is Inopportune.

The MAYOR read the following letter which he had received from Sir Gilbert Greenall:—

December 20th, 1914.

• Dear Mr. Mayor, I see from the "Warrington Guardian" that my name is mentioned amongst those selected for the Freedom of the Borough. This is the first and only intimation I have had on the subject, and as the proposal does not seem to have general support I should be obliged if you will kindly delete my name from the list. I thi:ll the time inopportune for the bestowal of civic honours, and I scarcely know on what grounds I am consid- ered eligible for so high a distinction. As the matter came before me through the Press, I am sending a copy of this letter to the "Guardian" for publication.—Yours faithfully, (Signed) GILBERT GREENALL.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. CROSFIELD ASKS FOR POSTPONEMENT.

The Mayor said he had also received a letter From Mr. A. 11. Crosfield as follows : December 21st, 1914. The Right Worshipful Mayor of Warrington. My Dear Mr. Mayor—As I am informed there is at the moment a strong difference of opinion about the creation of Freemen, will you not use your influence with our friends in both political parties who are urging the question, to persuade them to leave it in abey- ance? The delay would probably make all the difference to those who have objected, and in that way a unanimous decision of the Council may be arrived at.—Very faithfully

yours. A. IL CROSPIELD• lie (the Mayor) had told Sir Gilbert Greenall that his name could not be deleted from the list, and therefore the proposal would have to come before the Council, in accordance with the notice which had been given. Councillor JENKINS : Will you allow me, Mr. Mayor The MAYOR: No. Councillor JENKINS : It is only The MAYOR: No. I call upon Councillor Archer.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PROPOSAL.

Councillor ARCHER formally moved the adop- tion of the resolution as set out on the notice. He thought the present time was most oppor- tune to confer this honour upon the gentlemen named. The borough was incorporated in 1847, and, although there had been great progress in the meantime, only 'ton individuals had been made Freemen. They had been backward in conferring these honours for those who had served the borough. In 1897 they made five of their ten Freemen, which proved that on this occasion they were not making these honours too easy. Two of their Freemen were yet alive—Mr. Charlton Parr and Mr. Robert Pier- point. Mr. Pierpoint had been, a fervent worker for their welfare, and the same applied to Parr. It was argued that, war being on, the time was inopportune, but Parliament told them to go on with their business as usual, and so show the Germans they were not down- hearted. As to the relative merits of the men put forward for this honour, Alderman Burton had been in the Council for seventeen Years, and outside, in connection with the Infirmary , and other work, had done much good, and blushed to find it fame. Alderman Bolton had served them for 31 years and had done solid, sound work for the Corporation and town. Alderman Smethurst had placed the Electricity and Tramways Committee on a sound and solid bed-rock. His social life revealed him as a man who stood high in the estimation of his fellow-men. Alderman William Pierpoint, the veteran, had been a stedfast friend of the town for the whole of his life. It was said they should wait until the war was over, but the war might last twenty years. Sir Gilbert Greenall was one of those who was added to the list as what might be regarded as an after- thought. Sir Gilbert was a proud son of War- rington, who had had such honours conferred upon him that anything they could confer was quite small. Mr. Arthur Crosfield was con- nected with a worthy family and had served the town in Parliament the same as Mr. Pier- point, who had already received the honour. lie hoped the Council would do justice to these men, who had served the town faithfully and well. (Applause.) Councillor LASIIFORD seconded. COUNCILLOR IMOADHURST SUG- GESTS OTHER NAMES.

Councillor BROADHURST said he was surprised to hear the letter from Sir Gilbert Oreenall, and he was of the pinion that Sir Gilbert had been misinformed as regarded the general opin- ion of the town. He (the speaker) might. not move amongst the classes, but he moved amongst the masses. (Hear, hear.) He had never heard one single expression of opinion against the gentlemen named being made Freemen of the Borough. (Hear, hear.) The only thing he had heard was that a few members of the Council had tried to turn public opinion against those men being made Freemen simply because the names had been introduced by certain members of the Council. Objections were raised that the time was not opportune. The greatest orders were conferred upon Generals Joffre and French on the field of battle. The King did not wait until the whole of operations were finished be- fore lie bestowed the honours on those men who deserved it. (Hear, hear.) The King had also conferred the " V.C." on the Commander of Submarine 1311. lie did not wait until the time was " opportune." He would like to see other names on the list; and if he had attended the General Purposes Committee he would have pro- posed the, name of one of Warrington's most

gallant men—Captain Crosfield. And the time was not far distant when he shoilld The MAYOR: Order! • - • • • --

--- Councillor BROADHURST : And there is another gentleman whose name I should have brought forward—that of Councillor Roberts. His action during the last war endeared him to me for all time. The MAYOR: Keep to the question. C 010161101" BROADHURST then said that Sir Gil- bert had not refused the honour; he had simply asked that his name should be deleted, and he (the speaker) hoped that it would not be deleted. Councillor GOUGH next spoke, his remarkif giving rise to frequent interruptions and inter- jections, and necessitated the free use by the Mayor of the order-bell, despite the fact that the speaker assured his Worship and the Coun- cil in general that he knew what he was talking about, and that whatever he said should be! common-sense. " The progressive members at the General Purposes Committee meeting," he ! said, " discussed the nomination of Aldermen Bolton, Burton, Smethurst and Pierpoint. Did we object to calling a special meeting of the Council to confer the honorary Freedom of the Borough on each of those gentlemen? The only members of the Council who spoke against the selection were Alderman Tinnion. and Council- lors Wilkinson and Lindley. They desired to have their names—other names—put fm-ward. If these men had generously received our selec- tion and proposed their own selection the mat- ter might have ended in peace, and wiCiout trouble. Alderman Tin nion suggested or pro- posed that Councillor Roberts should be added, but the progressives refused to support this resolution, and since then the Roberts-ites have put the cat among the pigeons. (Laughter.) They have tried to put the clock back ten years. We have witnessed actions of spleen and jeal- ousy and selfishness. Is no man ever to be con- sidered save Councillor Roberts?" COUNCILLORS GOUGH AND ROBERTS.

Councillor ROBERTS (to the Mayor) : I must ask you to stop this kind of persunal remark. It is not in any sense connected with the sub- ject before the meeting. (Hcar, hear.) The MAYOR: Councillor Gough is referring to statements made at the General Purposes Com- ruittee's meeting, Councillor ROBERTS: was not present. The MAYOR: lie is speaking the truth when he says that your name was mentioned: Councillor ROBERTS: That is a fact, I know; but I will ,not allow either you or Councillor Gough The MAYOR rang his bell. Councillor GOUGH : Don't offer the Mayor insult. Councillor ROBERTS: Well, don't insult me. Councillor GOUGLI : You are the!first to insult. (To the Council) : They are 'trying to push him through. Again the MAYOR rang his bell, adding the observation: "That is your idea. Go on with something else now !" Councillor Gouon went on to say that the names placed before the'Council that night were those of men who were doing honest work for the town without pay or reward, and some of at great cost and them personal sacrifice. "I have known Councillor Roberts for fourteen. years"lie added, when The MAYOR again interrupted, observing "I told you to drop his name. We have had quite enough from you. You must take notice of tde, or you will not be allowed to proceed." Councillor Gouon : I expect I must obey your ruling and keep out personalities, although there are personal matters. Each one of these men in the Council who have raised opposition to these four or six gentlemen are simply jealous. They won't let others have the honour because others won't propose them. (Laughter.) ALDERMAN TINNION AND THE PREVAILING " SPIRIT."

Alderman TINNION said that never during his experience in that Council Chamber had he ap- proached a matter which, in his opinion, was of such supreme importance as the issue which they were discussing that evening. It was a most important and momentous question, affecting the honour and dignity of the town, the Mayor and the Council, and also, the dignity of the gentlemen whose names had been proposed. He did We that they would have been able to keep themselves free from the unfortunate and miser- able positioh in which they were placed that night. He had hoped that it would be possible to postpone that important decision during the continuance of the war, and it had been his in- tention to propose the adjournment of the mat- ter—to move it as a previous question, without going into the personal element at all, and ' theleby relieve everyone of a very unfortunate difficulty. But the Mayor had informed him that if he took that action with the intention of relieving the strain, it would only mean that, say. next week another requisition would be! presented asking him to call another meeting to discuss the matter. Under those circumstances it was not worth while now to attempt to come to any amicable, reasonable settlement, not- withstanding the very great importance of the question to all concerned. There was not one single gentleman vtrho had been proposed for the honour of thi Freedom of the borough against whom he was going to say one word, either on the score of honour, character or ability, but his great objection to proceeding further in the matter that night was on account of the inopportuneness of the time for confer- ring such. honours. He called the letter from Sir Gilbert Greenall to witness to that. The time was inopoth.ne for the bestowal of civic honours.

Councillor GOUGH : Why? Alderman TiNavioN: I will tell you, Mr. Coun- cillor Gough. Councillor Goran : Because you are squab- blers. Alderman Tomotsi : We are now having a sample of the spirit and disposition in which the matter has been discussed from its very linception—(hear, hear)—and on other occasions when the public and the Press have not been here that spirit has been more virulent, vio- lent, disgusting and objectionable than it is to- night. It had been said, the Aiderman con- tinued, that it would be opportune to confer these honours because honours had been con- ferred in connection with Pie terrible struggle at present going on—the most terrible struggle that ever any nation had for an existence; one of the greatest struggles that civilisation and Christianity had ever witnessed. The King had thought fit to confer certain hopours, not only in recognition of the gallant serVices rendered by so many splendid fellows at the front, but also as an incentive to others to go and do their duty as nobly, but it was absurd to argue that as a reason why that Council should be sitting there to pat other people at home on the back. lle agreed with the motto "Business as usual," and it was "Business as usual" that he wanted in this Matter, and he contended that it would not be acting up to that motto to confer the pro- posed honours, seeing that it was as far back as 1907 since the last Freemen were made. If the proposition meant anything it was not "Busi- ness as usual," but "Unusual business." See- ing that reference had been made as to how this proposal was brought about, he thought he would be justified in giving his version of the matter.. At the very end of a recent meeting of the General Purposes Committee, Councillor Archer, as some members had put it, sprung his proposal on the members present. Councillor Archer had assured him that his proposal was spontaneous, that the whole scheme was of his own thinking out, that he had not then con- sulted anybody, and that he took whole and sole responsibility. Although he (the speaker) had heard to the contrary, he freely accepted the, Councillor's explanation, but it struck him as strange that immediately the matter was men- tioned four names were proposed. Then le (the speaker) got up and amongst other names sug- gested those of Alderman Bennett, John Evans, and James Evans, and Councillor Roberts, as those of other men who were Worthy of con- sideration when the Council were conferring such an honour as the Freedom of the borough. But how was the suggestion met? In a spirit of compromise? No! The answer was—there being present a majority of the friends of the

_

gentlemen who_ brought the matter forward—

"You must take these or none" Another phrase used was "Make a batch of your own!" Councillor Gotran: That's it; perfectly right!

, - Alderman Tuariox : Are we to confer this, the highest honour in the power of the town to con- fer, in batches—to confer it and approach it in that spirit? There was, the Alderman went on, no attempt to get the best opinions of the Coun- cil as to who were most fitted and suitable for the honour, until the Mayor had called him (the speaker) in to assist him in arriving at something like an amicable and proper decision on the matter. After the four names originally submitted had been proposed, after the pro- poser's friends had in effect said, "That's our batch; take them or leave them; we will have none added! Make your own batch !" they went on to settle the point in a most disgraceful way in the ante-chamber, a way which shocked the members of the Education Committee. The same spirit in which the thing was launched was exhibited that day. Then somebody evidently thought "They may object to the four w have named, and to make them swallow the proposal, to make them have our batch willy-nilly we will add the names of Sir Gilbert Greenall and Mr. 1 Arthur Crosfield," the idea being that as they were the leaders of the two political parties there would be no fight agat them. of hose two gentlemen, he suggested, were make-weights, and Kii• Gilbert had declined the honour and Mr. Crosfield, if not definitely declining it, at any rate had said postpone it until such a time as the Council could be unanimous. Did the Council imagine that it was possible for any gentleman to value the honour properly unless it was given unanimously. The Alderman went on to contend that there were other men in the town whose claims might justly have been brought forward, and expressed the opinion that it would have been better had the matter been discussed at a special meeting of the General Purposes Committee before being brought into the Council Chamber. In committee they could have fully and freely expressed their opinions, and so have come to some better arrangement, and possibly have got a unanimous decision. Some of the members who signed the requisition calling that meeting, the speaker went on to con- tend, were under a misunderstanding when they put their signatures; indeed, four, he believed it was, of them had told him that when they lent their signatures they honestly believed the matter was to be discussed the lines he had _ .

indicated, and that a public discussion of the kind taking place that evening would he avoided. Reiterating his belief that the time was not opportune for carrying the proposal .before the Council, the speaker, after mention- . . . _ _

jag that he had a son who had' offered his ser- vices to the country, and that three of his nephews were now serving at the front, re- minded the Council that the time would come when the gallant lads who had gone forth to fight would come home, and that it might be thought fit to confer the Freedom of the borough upon many of them, and if the prestige of the honour were to be dragged down in that miser- able, narrow-minded, dogmatic discussion, would men, who were really deserving it, accept it?

===== 0002601_19141226_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
DR. JOSEPH SAYS "CALLOUS."

The DEPUTY-MAYOR said that because he was not unmindful of the grave position of the country, because he could not help looking fur- ther afield to the terrible death-struggle on the Continent, because he could not forget that this country was fighting a powerful, cruel and un- scrupulous foe, and because he felt that the war was a far more important subject of debate and consideration for the Council than the confer- ring of honours—however worthy the gentlemen named might he—he was opposed to the pro- posal at this time. He thought it was callous, almost heartless, to come forward with the pro- posal at this time, and, although he would like to see the gentlemen named honoured, he would not like to feel that at such a time he had taken part in assenting to it. Councillor JENxixs explained that when he signed the requisition be was unwell and had ' not the remotest idea that by lending his sig- nature he had committed himself in any sense whatever to voting for any particular individual or individuals.

Councillor ROBERTS said that in moving the resolution, Councillor Archer had had a good deal to say about the opinion of the lads at the front with regard to the Council's conduct. Well, he (Councillor Roberts) could say a good deal as to what he thought the opinion of those lads was likely to be, and he ventured to say, knowing something about the lacks in question, that their views on the Council's action would not be the views which Councillor Archer had expressed. (Hear, hear.) He (the speaker) repu- diated with all the strength of his nature the suggestion that business could be carried on as usual under present conditions, and he did not envy the man who could be so absorbed in his business that he could think of nothing else but it, when the country he belonged to was in peril. Was this a fitting time to consider in the comparatively light spirit that it was being con- sidered by some, the desirability of conferring. the Freedom of the borough on certain gentle- -men, whose services had been, like the .services of many others, whose services did not stand out more distinctly than the services of many other men? He would give the gentlemen named all credit for, what they had done, for their loyalty and faithfulness in the offices they had held; but, at the same time, he contended, there were others who had quite as strong a claim to con- sideration. He suggested that when peace !lad been signed, and they had welcomed the brave Warrin4ton lads back again, the time would be more fitting for conferring these honours than was the present time. Councillor Roberts went on to say that he did not think it was quite fair treatment to Sir Gilbert Greenall or to Mr. Crosfield that their names should have been made subjects of discussion without their con- sent; indeed, what more complete an answer did they want to the resolution berbre the meeting than that contained in Sir Gilbert's letter? • Councillor HAWTHORN said he was sorry to see that the olive branch held out by Alderman Tinnion could not be accepted, and during the course of further discussion Alderman BOLTON ejaculated the remark, " I should like to tell some of these canting humbugs that they are insulting ray friends here." * Alderman BENNETT said he felt very jealous of the dignity of the Council, and he could not help feeling that if they were not more careful they would inflict irreparable injury on an honour which they ought to respect, viz., the Freedom of the borough. The honour was a high one, and ought to be given very occasionally and sparingly, and he thought the batch of names put forward that night constituted a rather large order. The Alderman concluded by ex- pressing the opinion that if the honour were not conferred unanimously it lost all its grace; indeed, unless it was unanimous he did not think it was worth the having.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SIGNING OF THE REQUISITION.

Councillor PEHMERTON said some of the mem- bers had not thought seriously of what they were going to say when they got on their feet. They had men who had done things deliber- ately and quietly, and then got up and said they did not know what they had been doing. How had the matter got out in the Press? It was stated that "it was well known that the names of Sir Gilbert Greenall and Mr. Crosfield were not submitted to the General Purposes Committee." That was a lie he wanted to nail down. The whole trouble was that a young member of the Council had dared to name any- one for the Freedom of the Borough. When the four names were first mentioned there was not a single, word said about the war. The compromise which was suggested when Coun- cillor Archer submitted the only list was the total withdrawal of it. Members of the Council had been threatened by little cliques in the wards. Why were the men who had signed the requisition not present? Everything that human ingenuity could do and everything a clever brain could think of had been done in the matter. They had been told to tell tales and make excuses. Sir Gilbert Greenall said he had had no intimation.

Alderman BOLTON: I had none. Councillor PEMBERTON : I don't know how Sir Gilbert got to know, unless someone informed him with the deliberate intention of misleading him.

Councillor Govon : Perhaps' he sa* the leader in "The Examiner." Councillor PEMBERTON : The nineteen men who signed the requisition should keep to their sig- natures. Councillor SHAW: When I was approached I said I should go to the meeting with an en mind. Is. that so, Councillor Archer?

Councillor ARCHER: Nee; quite right t Councillor SHAW: I know which way to rate now.

±P.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
A COMMITTEE WAS TO HAVE

BEEN HELD.

Councillor liVnxisses said he objected to Gls members of the Council being canvassed in the first place. He did not ask for the conference, and he did not know any other couneillor who did. It was probably convened by the Mayor to bring about an amicable settlement, mia that honour should be given for signal service. "Show me the signal service of these six gentle- men," continued Councillor Wilkinson. '`.l was under the impression that the matter shank'. be discussed by the whole of the General Pur- poses Committee. I told the Mayor that if the General Purposes C•onamittee carried it with majority I would fall in with them and agree to it. In the course of the next day 1 Jeceiveu a notice convening a special meeting of the Council."

Councillor LINDLEY : A committee of seven was suggested to go into the whole matter. I should have agreed to what they said was the right thing, but that committee was not ap- pointed. Councillor OSBORNE said that when he signed the requisition he understood that a meeting was to be called and that they would have all opportunity of expressing their views. Having ' signed, however, he was not going to go back on his word. He was surprised to see a placard on the walls—" Sir Gilbert Greenall Says `No, Thank You " Sir Gilbert might have waited until he was asked. They should not take what was written in the Press as the undivided opin- ion of the Council. If the present way was the one in which honours were conferred in War-

rington, he hoped he would never live long - -

enough to deserve one. (Hear, hear.) Councillor Itxxsaux said he did not know when he signed the requisition that he was bound to the six names. He proposed that the matter be deferred sine die. 1 Alderman lisxxgrr seconded. The MAYOR thought that proposal inadvisable. The best way would be for the proposer and I seconder of the original resolution to withdraw. Alderman JAMES EVANS said he had really not

known what was going on until that night. Councillor Loci= said that the most advisable course to take vvould be for the proposer and seconder to withdraw. One-half of the Conned were not present when the matter was discussed. Councillor McKEE said he signed the requisi- tion thinking that there would be no such dis- cussion as they had had that night.

Councillor DICKENSON said he was called upon to sign the requisition by two gentlemen at different times, and, in answer to his questions, one of them said he was committed to vote for the gentlemen named if he signed, and the other , said it was not binding. He refused to sign it. Councillor BARTON: IS it binding? THE MAYOR'S ENDEAVOUR FOR PEACE. • The MAYOR stated that when this requisition was presented to him, signed by nineteen repre- sentatives of the wards, bringing up the sull° porters, with five others, to the 24, the necessall two-thirds majority of the Council, he felt the motion would be carried. Then came word of opposition, but, in view of the weight of the requisition, and wishing to keep the honour of the Council unstained by anything dishonour- able, and recognising the duty he owed to him- self to the traditions of the chair—(hear, hear) he took upon himself the responsibility of call- ing together the head members in the Council. He had to leave that meeting, but two said.: 'The matter is ended; it is finished." , If those who signed the requisition did not know what they were signing they should have known Councillor ROBERTS: They were obtained bY fraud in many cases. (" Chair, chair !" and " Order !")

, The MAYOR said he tried to bring about un- animity. That was his explanation, and wll° - ever signed, his own conscience ought to decide whether he carried out his word or not. (A-P" plause.)

===== 0002601_19141226_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
NO WMIDRAWAL.

Councillor ARCHER, replying. said that there was once a chance of this motion being with drawn, but after Counsillor Roberts's insult that signatures had been obtained by fraud, there was no chance whatever. No greater libel had ever been uttered since the incorporation of the borough, and Councillor Roberts ought to be ashamed of himself. (Hear, hear.) : 7'•

===== 0002601_19141226_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
NIOTION REJECTED.

The voting.resulted as tollows FOR. AGAINST. Alderman Pierpoint. Alderman Tinnion. Alderman Bolton. Alderman Bennett. Councillor Broadhurst. Alderman Jas. Evans.

Councillor McKee. Alderman John Evan Councillor Osborne. Councillor Joseph. Councillor Barton. Councillor Roberts. Councillor Gough. Councillor Locker. Councillor Pemberton. Councillor Shaw. Councillor Lashford. Councillor Skel land. Councillor Cunnington. Councillor Jenkins. Councillor Chrimes. Councillor Craik. Councillor Chantler. Councillor Wilkinson., Councillor Archer. Cotincillor Hawthorn.. Councillor Dickenson.,, Councillor Lindley. " —l3. The proposal was therefore defeated by clear majority.

A

===== 0002601_19141226_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
"ABSOLUTELY TtIELIMIIY Warrington Woman Who Posed A 4

Belgian Refugee.

This young woman seems to be quite impossiblf; and to be absolutely the limit in fenla" depravity and perverseness.

Thus did an official report from the Warri% ton Police sum up the character of Minn,id Harrison, formerly Cotterill, aged 23, a inarr',,:a woman, of 77, Wakefield-street, who was charts on remand, before the Wallasey magistraL,,', yesterday, with having obtained food value of 10s., by means of false pretences, frolli Dr. A. W. Riddell, of New Brighton, betweell December Bth and 19th. She was first before the Court on Monria„Y' when, in asking for a remand, the Chief C°"; stable (Mr. P. L. Barry) said she posed 11,(54, Belgian refugee and was taken home bY ifi;ll Riddell on December Bth. She told Mrs. that her husband was a Belgian and was Inca ing at the front, but her story had been frit;ll to .be untrue, the fact being that he had b'- living in Warrington. art When she was again brought before the C°_, yesterday, Detective-Inspector Pearson 01'1441 asked her if she was a Belgian, and she 1'0" that she was, adding : wa° My husband is a Belgian soldier, but 10 born at Cairo. At the outbreak of war husband, two brothers, and my father c°'we teered for service in the Belgian ArnlY• ,eitt all went to Belgium. I was taken to a 011' toi In Louvain, and a few days later the 00110 invaded the town. Our party, which ineln_o, several nuns and other refugees, left the The Chairman (Mr. T. R. Raffles asked,lhe Riddell when she had any suspicion about' woman? fler Mrs. : I began to be suspicious (I the second day, because she frequentlY lacseh into good English instead of the broken Eng I she had been affecting. Pr° The Chief Constable then read a long re pail relative to the prisoner, which, he said' frbe been received from the Warrington Police. jo report stated that the prisoner was 1)011,01/0 Southport in 1891, and was taken by her Pa'-esre to Birkenhead when she was about five Y:l,ree old, the family removing to Warrington t'oe years later. When quite a young girl id. caused both parents and teachers a great O,De of trouble by the impossible excuses and lies put forward when she got into any trouble. 05 After various wanderings the woman ittd admitted to the Liverpool Workhouse lies Pool suffering front the effects of leading an inriatot life. She was transferred to the Warr,±%uf- Workhouse, and subsequently found to PeA the fering from a diseased hip. She continue old seine manner of life until two years ae'birtl, then, in Warrington Workhouse, she Pc° to an illegitimate child. wirlt In June last she got in to the man who was now her 11,11thirtY This man was Arthur Harrison, agea four, a highly-respectable railway ga,urniteattinir was a highly-impressionable man. web_ idea of and sympathetic, and imbued with the helping the fallen. the WO queted The report concluded with • 0*" above. months imPri

Prisoner was sentenced to six - onment, with hard labour.

-.All

-__

===== 0002601_19141226_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL INTELLIGENCE.

Watch-nloht Serviee. Watch night services will be held in the 'n'yeliffe Congregational and Golborne-street Baptist Churches on the last night of the dying year, commencing at 11

New Year's Day and Bank Half- Holiday. The banks in Warrington, Stockton Heath, Lymm, Heatley and Penketh will close at noon on New Year's Day, Friday of next week.

Mr. and Mrs. Croslield's Yuletide • Greetings.. Through the medium of our columns Mr. and Airs. A. 11. Crosfield desire to extend cordial Christmas greetings and the best of good wishes for the New Year to all their Warrington friends.

r.,,esleyan New Year Soeial. The New Year's social gathering in connec- -tion with the Bold-street Wesleyan Church will be held on Friday of next week, when an attrac- tive programme will be carried through by mem- bers of the school ,and choir, assisted by Mr. Alfred Dutton in a series of recitals.

New Citrate for St. James'.

_ Mr. Charles Francis Waller, of Worcester College, Oxford, and Bishop's College, Cheshunt, was this week ordained a deacon by the Bishop of Chester and licensed to the curacy of St. James' Latchford, where he will imme- diately take up duty in succession to the Bev. .H. H. Corsbie.

Christmas Day Entertainments. At the Borough Police Court on Monday

apveral proprietors of places of amusement in the town were granted music licences for 'hristmas Day.—The Chief Constable ex- plained that the Watch Committee had sanc- tioned the opening of the "houses" on the day named.

Shorthand Writers' Association.

There was a good attendance of members at the weekly meeting of the above association. Kiss H. A. Wicks,. the vice-president of the association, conducted the speed practice. The discussion at the close on "The value of high speed examinations" resulted in arrangements hieing made for periodical examinations under the N,S.A.

Present at Education Committee. Councillor H. Roberts presided at the znonthly meeting of the Education Committee on Mon- day, and 'there were also present the Mayor (Alderman Peacock), Aldermen Bennett and Tinnion, Councillors Wilkinson, Dickenson, Lindley, Archer and Pemberton: Rev. Father Wilson, Mrs. C. Jackson Holmes, Messrs. Jolley, Jackson Holmes, Upson, Plinston, Jarman, Walker, Unsworth and Kingdon.

Carol Service at Legh-sireet. At the Legh-street Primitive Methodist Church on Sunday, a special carolserviee was held. The soloists were Miss Jessie Woodland and Mr. .1. Dakin, the former rendering "Slur of Bethlehem" and the latter "Nazareth." The carols were heartily sung by the choir and congregation. as also was the hymn "Lead, kindly light." The Rev. A.l7Chessum was the • preacher. •

Rev. S. G. Slanton Ordained.

In the Lady Chapel of .the Liverpool Cathedral

on Sunday, the Lord Bishop of the Diocese or- dained Sydney Gladstone Stanton, of St. John's College, Oxford, and Cuddesdon Theological Col- lege, a priest. Mr. Stanton was a curate at the Warrington Parish Church. The Gospel was read by the Rev. A. G. Ozanne, newly- ordained deacon, the sermon being preached by the Rev. 11. Allden Nash, late vicar of St. Mark's, Duke-street, Liverpool, from Hebrews xii. 1. The Bishop was attended by his examin- ing chaplains, the Ven. G. H. Spooner, Arch- deacon of Warrington (who presented the priests), the Rev. G. Foster Carter, vicar of Christ Church, Claughton (who presented the deacons), and the Rev. H. G. Grey, principal of Wycliffe Hall, Oxford; and by the Rev. Canon Bilbrough, rector of Liverpool.

Marriage of Miss C. Jones. Working Men's Mission Church, Bank Quay, was on Tuesday the scene of a pretty, though quiet wedding, to which the contracting parties were Miss Charlotte (Lottie) Jones (youngest daughter of Mrs. Pritchard, of Wellfield-street, Warrington) and the Rev. Robert Dawson, pastor of the United Methodist Church, Hart- land, Devon. The Rev. Wesley Hall, of Crewe, was the officiating minister. The bride, who was given away by Mr. C. Pritchard (step- father), was attired in a travelling costume of grey cloth, and wore a heliotrope velvet hat. She was attended by Miss Mabel Robinson and Miss Verna Gleave (niece) as bridesmaids; and Mr. Peter Gleave (brother-in-law of the bride) acted as best man. The happy couple were the re- cipients of many handsome and useful presents.

Priory Scholars As Entertainers. Two nights last week, as we briqly recorded in our last issue, the girls attending Miss Dring's (the Priory) High School gave an entertainment in the Cairo-street Schoolroom in aid of the Relief and Belgian Refugee ,Punds. There was a large attendance each night, and the substantial amount of £l3 ss. has been for- warded to the funds mentioned._

The programme included a little French play, "Le Petit Chaperon Rouge" ("Red Riding Hood "), the respective characters being cleverly portrayed by Kathleen Byerley, Mary Allen, Bessie Fairclough, Molly Plumpton and Joan Anderson. In the operetta, "Robin Hood and Maid Marian," the characters were well taken by Alice Wilkinson, Elsie Armstrong, Clarice Ball, Dolly Percival, Phyllis Ellis, Gertrude Hunt, Marie I3yerley, Cissie Allen, Isabel Fergu- son, Vera Nicholls, Lilian Forrest. Bessie Fair- dough, May Gibbing, Amy Wilkinson, Dora Widd, May Kilshaw, Mary Allen, Molly Plump- ton, Joan Anderson, Nellie Parkinson, Gwen Bennett, Kathleen Byerley, Mary Teare, Jessie Ferguson, Sybil Tinnion, Iva Price, Ena Den- ham, Enid Stevens, Marjorie Landon, Eva Lan- don, Eyeline Parfitt, Eva Massey, Reggie Cor- bett, Roy Denham and Jim Potter. At the conclusion of each performance the National Anthems of the Allies were effectively rendered. _ _

The Misses C. Hitchens and M. Woodward were mainly responsible for training the children. _ .

--....,... The Belgian refugees from Penketh attended the first performance, and those from St. Austin's the second. .

Mr. Hill kindly supplied the limelight.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
Corporation Gardener's Death.

The dea-th occurred on Friday of last week of Mr. Emmanuel Cliffe, a well-known servant of the Corporation, and whose residence was at 22. King-street. The deceased, who bad reached the age of 78, was formerly gardener at Bank Park and latterly at the Queen's Gardens, and he followed his occupation up to within a few days of his .death. He is survived by a widow and a grown-up family. Prior to entering the service of the Corporation, the deceased was employed by the late Mr. Edward Beck, of Springfield-street. .

Ex-Police-Sergeant's The funeral of ex-Sergeant Chantler, for many years connected with the Police Force, took place at the Cemetery on Monday nfternoon, the ser- ‘ ice. being conducted by the Rev. T. Vickers Superintendent Williamson,— Inspectors Foster and Bodgkiss and a detachment of constables attended as representing the Borough Force, and the family mourners included the Widow, Councillor Chantler (son) and Mrs. Chantler, Mr. George Chantler (brother), Masters Thomas Chantler and Harry Chantler (grandsons), and Miss Minnie Chantler (granddaughter). Among the numerous floral tributes was one from the 'members of the local constabulary. '

Tnion of Lancashire and Cheshire Institutes. • At a meeting of the Council of the Lancashire and Cheshire Institutes it was reported that further advisory committees of representatives of teachers engaged in grouped-course teaching within the Union's area had ben formed. Let- ters having been received from several Lanca- shire associations of the National ljni6n of 'Teachers asking for direct representation on the Council of' the Union, it was ,h.,cided to reply • that teachers were being co-opted on the Coun- cil on the nomination of specially convened meetings of teachers engaged in the teaching of subjects included in the Union's syllabus rather • than from any particular association of teachers.

Secondary School Extension. At a meeting of the Education Committee on Monday the minutes of the School Management Committee, which were confirmed, included the following item: A letter having been submitted from the Town Clerk stating that certain land in Museum-street had been purchased by the Corporation, with a view to the extension of the Secondary School, it was resolved: "That the ,Street Improvement Committee be informed that the Education Committee, after carefully considering the matter, see no prospective use for the land referred to."—Alderman Bennett said he regretted that resolution. As it had been arranged that the Street Improvement Committee should meet that committee to dis- cuss the matter further, it was not desirable that anything further 'should be said at pres- ont.—The deputation will meet the committee on February 4th.

Councillor Roberts's Christmas ‘Vish. At the close of the Education Committee meet-1 ing on Monday, the Chairman (Councillor Roberts) said: It is customary at the last meet- ing of the year for the Chairman to wish the members ,of the committee the coxnpliments of the season. I do so. as you can understand, with very mixed feelings. One cannot antici- pate that Christmas this year will be anything like what it has been before in the memory of every one of us. In spite of the grave circum- stances whith obtain at the present time, I may say that I hope each of us will have a happy Christmas, and that the happiness will be in- tensified by circumstances which will definitely satisfy us that the future of the country is assured, that the future of the Empire iS safe, and that our arms on sea and land ma,- meet with such success, either before this.year is out. or early in the year that is to come, that will make this year a pleasant memory in that re- . _ .

spect and ae next year a year of. happiaess to Ilk all. (Hear, hear.)

IT IS RIEMARICABLE

What ease and helpfulness may be derived from a Pair of Glasses which have been specially made FOlt YOU. It will take us, say, from a quarter In half an hour to test your sight, but the benefit to you will be life-long.

Johnston Watson,

SIGHT TESTING OPTICIAN, 84, BRIDGE ST., Warrington.

Steel Spectacles from 2/6. Rolled Gold from 8/6. Hours of Business, 9 to 74J0. Saturday, 9 to 9-30. please Note.—Mr. Watson attends on Monday and Tuesday from 11 to 4-30; Wednesday, 11 to (1-30; Thursday, 11 to 1; Friday and Saturday, 11 to-30.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
MAYOR AS SANTA CLAUS.

Over 700 Children Receive Christmas Presents. GAY PARR HALL SCENE.

"Daddy Christmas" and "Fairy God- 'mother.' These were the new names given re- spectively to our worthy Mayor and Mayoress by Alderman Bennett at the distribution of dolls and toys in the Parr Hall yesterday after- noon. There is no disputing, the fact that by their generosity and initiative in providing close upon 800 of Warrington's poorer children with an appropriate present this Christmas, they have justified the new titles. When it became known that the ,children of Warritigton would not this year receive any toys from the Man- chester Cinderella Club, the Mayor decided that the children should not be forgotten, and as a start gave 200 dolls and toys. Then, when he and the Mayoress held their "at home" in the Library and Museum, they stipulated that each guest should bring some present suitable for a child. The restilt was entirely satisfactory, for yesterday there were no less than 750 dolls and other toys set out in the Parr Hall ready for the Mayor to distribute. Each present was just the thing to delight a child, and some of them must have been very expensive indeed. A SIGHT TO GLADDEN CHILD-EYES.

The presents for the boys were arranged on one side of the hall, and included toy guns, pistols, trains, building materials, drums, bugles, motor ambulance waggons, painting sets, &c.! &c. On the other side were the numerous dolls, tea-sets, games, teddy-bears, dolls' beds, and an indescribable variety of presents, all of which would bring a gleam of pleasure and sat- isfaction into the eyes of the little girl recipi- ents. Mr. Mitchell had worked very assidu- ously in making the arrangements, and he is to be congratulated on the excellent results which rewarded his efforts. As the children entered the hall they were marshalled into their places by members of the Education Office staff, who rendered valuable assistance.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
A CUP OF TEA WITH THE MAYOR AND MAYORESS.

Prior to the distribution, each child received a cup of tea and a sweet-cake, which had been given by the Mayor and Mayoress, who had also arranged that on leaving the hall each child should be presented with a couple of oranges. The Mayor and Mayoress busied thuiselves With handing out the refreshments, and they were ably assisted by their son; Master B. Peacock, and the following ladies: Miss Short, Miss Hewitt, Mesdames Osborne. Lindley, T. Locker, Pemberton, J. S. Hill, W. H. Dutton, Sanders, T. Bunch, J. T. Locker, C. W. Shaw, Percival, J. Halliwell, Hewitt, Pendlebury, J. T. Collin, Brocklehurst, Baden and Mitchell. MAYOR THANKS THE DONORS. . .

During an interval the Mayor and Mra.Yoress, the above ladies, with Alderman Eennett, Mr. A. T. Flallaway (deputy town 'clerk), Mr. J. Moore Murray (director of education), and Mr. A. M. Ker (borough surveyor) assembled on the platform, and in the course of a short speech, The Mayor said he wished to thank all those who had given toys. Last year there 350 toys from Manchester and Warrington friends, but this time they had 750, and ho wanted the children to realise the kindness of the people who had been so generous. There were a lot more children who should have had toys, but the number of the gifts was limited. Through the Education Office staff they had found out the most deserving cases, and although mistakes might have been made, he hoped the people would take the will for the deed. lle also thanked the ladies who had helped in serving out the refreshments. He wanted the children to look forward to a repetition of the affair next year, for he had established a precedent that the Mayor who followed him would have to keep up. He hoped all the children would have a merry Christmas and a happy New Year. The children responded with a hearty "Same to you, sir." CHILDREN'S CHEERS FOR MAYOR AND MAYORESS. Alderman Bennett said it was very good of the Mayor and Mayoress to give the children such a happy time. He would call his Worslpip "Daddy Christmas," for, although he might not have that benign old gentleman's beard, his Worship had undoubtedly got his heart. He would call the Mayoress "Fairy Godmother," because they all knew what the fairy godmother did for Cinderella. The children should give them three hearty cheers. . _

And they did, right lustily! Master Peacock presented thft gifts to the girls, and the boys received their presents from the 'Mayoress.

Hunny. At last the Germans are reported to have scored a little success in the United States. An American coon is said to have been so much impressed by the achievements of the Germans that he has sent a song to the Kaiser, the open- ing words of which are "My Hunny."— " Punch."

===== 0002601_19141226_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
YULETIDE SERVICES & SERMONS

"MESSIAH" SELECTIONS AT THREE FREE CHURCHES.

Selections from Handel' " Messiah " were sung at three of the Free Churches in Warring- ton on Sunday—viz., the Bold-street and Bew- sey-road Wesleyan Churches and the Wycliffe Congregational Church. At other of the churches pulpit references were made to the near approach of the Christmas festival, and, of course, to the shadow of war which is over-cast- ing it.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
BEWSEY-ROAD WESLEYAN.

At Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church in the afternoon a musical service was held, when anthems and selections from " The Messiah" were given in a creditable fashion. Several well-known vocalists figured conspicuously in the proceedings, viz.:— Sopranos: Madame Sara Silcock, Miss Annie Winstanley, and Miss Vera Jones; contraltos, Miss Millie Jones and Miss Nellie Wardle; baritones, Mr. W. Dutton and Mr. J. Turton; tenors, Mr. A. Baker and Mr. W. T. Jeffrey. The choir were ably conducted by Mr. J. E. Hannan, and the organist was Mr. J. White. Mr. Frank Hickman presided over tiib service.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
BOLD-STREET WESLEYAN.

Selections from "The Messiah" were also sung at the Bold-street Wesleyan Church on Sunday evening, there being a large congrega- tion. Mrs. Booth, the Misses Brough, E. Tay- lor, C. Hankey and Blackburne, and Messrs. W. Warburton and E. H. Pearce were the soloists, and they each rendered in most creditable man- ner the share of the glorious music falling to them, specially effective treatment being ac- corded the more popular numbers. Mr. Frank Hickman presided at the organ, and the Rev. A. J. Morton gave a brief and appropriate address on music.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
WYCLIFFE CONGREGATIONAL.

At the Wycliffe Congregational Church a very large congregation assembled on Sunday evening to hear the ulsual Christmas choral service— consisting of selections from " The Messiah " rendered by an augmented choir. The orches- tra, which efficiently accompanied, consisted of: Messrs. A. Bennett, W. Brown and T. Frain, first violins; Mr. J. E. Balmford, viola; Mrs. Haviour and Mr. A. Knowles, second violins; Mr. H. Bond, 'cello; Mr. R. Whitfield, bass; and Mr. T. F. Wallington, organ. Mr. W. H. Pay- ton conducted.

The soloists were Mrs. J. Smallshaw, the Misses May Atkinson and E. Hewitt, and Messrs. W. Booth and J. B. Poole, all of whom per- formed very creditably—though the choruses were, perhaps, the best feature of the selections. The Pastor (the Rev. T. T. James) gave a short address upon the spiritual aspect of Christmas. There were, he said, joys which they experienced now, such as they experienced at no other time of the year. They all knew the attractive and familiar stories of the birth of Jesus Christ into the world; and, at such a service as that, they were celebrating an his- torical fact. Yet, after all, the birth of Jesus Christ was rendered an historical fact not so much by their celebration of it at Christmas, as by their willingness and readiness to obey Him. He trusted that they might get a new hold on Him; and then God's blessing would be realised in their midst.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GLADNESS AMID TIIE SADNESS. Rev. I'. T. James On How To Keep This Year's Festival.

At the Wycliffe Congregational Church on Sunday morning the Rev. T. T. James preached on "The Gladness of Christmas." They must, he said, all feel that they were coming to the saddest Christmas the world had ever known. They could not forget that at many a table there would be gaping blanks, places that would not be filled again in any Christmas that life should know. They could not forget that in many a home there would be anxious hearts for those who were distant and to whom every hour brought danger, to whom death itself might came at anY moment. ThOrcould net forget that within their own borders there were towns which had felt the horror of war and had suf- fered from the ruthless spirit of wanton destruc- tion. They could not forget that both in this land and in other countries there were thou- sands who were wanderers on the earth, whose homeland was a blackened heap of ruins, and who were stunned and overcome by the disaster which had overtaken them.

Unchristian Orgy of Bloodshed and Horror.

Granted that they felt this war to be a clear call to conscience, so that it appealed to them as something from which there was no possible escape, the fact remained that its orgy of blood- shed and hqrror still impressed them as an essentially unchristian thing. Granted that every claim of honour, the cause of the weak and the spectre of oppression involved the ab- solute necessity of their share in it, they did not easily reconcile themselves to the climax of inhumanity which war always produced. "We feel," he said, " that it is a far cry from the angels' song to the sound of Christian nations in mortal conflict. We do not easily see the star of Bethlehem shining over the thud and blood of Europe. We do not readily recon- cile the promise of angel choirs with the hymns of hate of the German people. No, let us hon- estly confess that when it comes to this time of memory, arid our minds turn back to the Babe between the sheep and the kine, we feel the contradiction of Christian hope in the bitter- ness and horror of the present hour. Men are tempted to ask how much Christianity has accomplished in the grip of such a problem as this,, and even to bewail its apparent failure and the defeat of Him Whose sad face from the Cross sees only this, after the Passion of two thousand years."

===== 0002601_19141226_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
Not a Time for Forgetfulness.

Going on to deprecate any effort to forget for the time being all the strange sadness and burden of the present time, the preacher said: "It is, of course, conceivable that there are those who even yet have thought little of the heartbreak of this world conflict, who are able to cackle and laugh in empty frivolity and in mindless mirth without let or hindrance. But for the great body of men and women it is not possible. We sit down and think, and behold ! guarding our firesides and the quiet of our homes, the peace of our countryside, the happi- ness of our children and the honour of our womanhood, there is a line of brave men stretch- ing along the trenches in Flanders and in France, and great bulwarks of the sea with their living freight of human lives. And every ruined homestead across the seas, every fallen hero in the field, every brave man buried in the deep, every broken-hearted mother in the cottages or palaces of England, and every home circle that can never be completed more, are here to remind us that we are safe and well and whole through the suffering and sacrifice of others for our sakes. If we try to forget these things, the tragedy of them will stand up Sand smite us in the face."

===== 0002601_19141226_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
How to Discover the Gladness This Year.

They would, said the reverend gentleman in conclusion, -discover the gladness of Christmas, more particularly this year, by making it a season of unusual thoughtfulness for others, a time of peculiar tenderness in our own personal relationships. It was inevitable that there should be about this time of celebration a deeper note than -ordinarily obtained. They should also do their utmost to share the burden with those upon whom it fell most heavily. If they could not practise self-denial in face of such service as was being rendered for them at this moment, he did not imagine any call could ever be made to which they would respond.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
THEN AND NOW.

German Christmas of One Hundred Years Ago—and To-day.

At the Parish Church on Sunday evering the Rector of Warrington (the Rev. Canon Willis) made reference in his sermon to the coming of Christmas and to the overcasting shadow of war, which, he said, would do so much to mar the great festival this year. A century ago, said the preacher, the German people would have been preparing joyfully to celebrate Christ- mas, but this year they were not making ready to do BO in the old way, the principal reason

===== 0002601_19141226_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
• . ...:....,..,.....;..f.T.:::::::.:...::;;::-..!i'.'1.:.'n'...i 1 ~,,,, . ~.... ...,..:„... ‘ ....5--•i5‘`',.1.‘,,,.,......N.:::;.:4i:i.i-::1;i.4;:ie..i.: - .. ..'....... . , .....,......„....... -.. ...................,_ ...,..................„.., . . . „..,.,...,..., ....',..-...-...T.71...,J:!:.'6''...Y:j..‘!.. '-' !_,:;::;',.........:.....:3-iAi-.;*..;!'...."....*,:.. ...,:.:?...i...... .• ...,..... , 4'..1t.'..',N::: :r...lti§jitf:.''l.::..''' '.-:'_'.'4.,.:.•:::,::.,.....e.....,.: ,4:.i..:?:*.:_4i .i.,t,NI,Rt- ..:-...... . "^:..;:.',,,,.. ;.:•''...t....f..'....:'-..'.7. .'. '.. ~..;ligitif 'i...1.6".4„, '`!;• :::', -:•'-''..:,,',4'i4:'‘.4.*:....•..'' ''-...et:iiii?....;gin:', ',',.A i:lt- .- -.' ‘,.;..'i'.:!:`.:.1...4.t.,k*?..ti:i.u.'-',..,.-• :::,:tif.,i41:4..::::.:ig:. ..,..,...:0,..ft,:,..::......-:',.•'...;,q..'14,,,,"',.',..,,,*,-.: 'l,•4'%'''''''''''''' eii.lkrirOikgii.:A.s..... ~z.::::...:4::....,,,':.'-....i.,.,..,:..1*1::i':-:::'kit'iiq.:-::•..;-. i4e:tik4.tf;''''.:i,;:,,O;h:.'...At.':•l.-::••,,." 4lik.:::::;:ii.,':.::-,,...--. kii'kT.:..i.:'.:,.:,,,,...i.........,.....k.'' .i1iZ!.:#.1..:.;:.:.:-.•: .. :.,..,,,,,. • *l'l' . . •.....f;r . .. ...0... ~.. ,

MR. AUBREY MILLWARD, Jack Fleetwood (known as "Slippery Jack'

===== 0002601_19141226_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
PALACE AND HIPPODROME.

Excellent holiday fare is provided at the Hip- podrome this week, and the audiences are large and enthusiastic. Fresh and sensational acrobatic feats are performed by the Mizuno Troupe of Japanese gymnasts. Each member performs the most intricate evolutions in a very clever and graceful manner, whilst the audi- ences are specially delighted with the antics of a diminutive member of the troupe, who goes through a most amazing performance. Balanc- ing in all its phases is done in a creditable fashion, which calls forth hearty approbation. Edna Lyall, described as the Yorkshire nightin- gale, renders well-chosen songs in a tasteful and artistic manner; and is a great favourite. Albert Wyndham and Co. get the best out of a bright comedy-drama based on an incident in the life of Nell Gwynne. Miss Mona Shepherd makes a charming and fascinating Nell, and Mr. Albert Wyndham plays the part of King Charles 11. with great success. Yettmah is a clever mysti- fier, whose tricks are new and ingeniously con- trived. The quick changing part of his per- formance is neatly and mysteriously presented. "Bertie" Adams, with J. C. Holliday at the Piano, scores a decided success with her popular songs, which are rendered in pleasing style. Day and Deen cause roars of laughter with their witty patter and eccentric dancing, and Marie Masque and Dora sing and pose with pleasing effect Vic and Vie also please as dancers.

CHRISTMAS DAY PICTURES. At 8.15 p.m. to-morrow a picture entertain- ment, made up of specially selected and suit- able pictures, will be given.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
For Next Week.

The special attractions booked for New Year week include the Four Powers, Campbell and Scott, Larkum Brothers, Cecil Lyle, the Lanca- shire Lads, Crawford and Howard, Bellora, Mabel Thomas, and topical and war pictures.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
STAR KINEMA.

This holiday week is being specially recog- nised at the Star Kinema by means of specially attractive programmes. That which concluded last night consisted of: "Ribbons and Boxing Gloves," a very funny film depicting a vigor- ously conducted love affair. Sir W. S. Gilbert's celebrated drama, "Comedy and Tragedy," showed to full advantage upon the screen, and, thrilled the audience. "Pathe's Animated

Gazette" depicted the training of the Colonial troops very clearly and interestingly, and that favourite song, "The Lads in Navy Blue"— which was illustrated by a series of coloured slides and played on the gramophone—roused all hearers. "Three Men and a Woman" proved to be one of the most exciting dramas recently filmed; and the comedy,, "Making a Living," caused roars of laughter. The special Christmas programme, which comes to an end on Saturday evening, should not be missed. Its " star " film is "Little Lord Fauutleroy."

Next Week's Big Films. . The "star" film at the Star Kinema on the first three nights of next week will be "A Queen's Love," Whilst at the week-end "His Last Round" will form the Premier attraction.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
, PICTUREDROME.

The first of the two splendid bills of fare pro- vided this week at this popular house, included the dramas, "For the Secret Service," " The Shell of Life," and "Break, Break, Break," whilst the very amusing comedies were en- titled "A Boy for a Day" and "Moving Picture Cowboy:" This evening commences a fine set of dramas and comedies, as follows: "In a Persian Garden" and "The Hole in the Garden Wall" (dramas), and "Detective and Match-maker," "Ile Likes Things Upside-down," " Gronch, the Engineer," and "Domestic Pets." At all per- formances the " Gamma Graphic" supplies the latest war news.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
PICTURE HOUSE.

This week's programmes are as good as ever; that which concluded last night consisting of: " The Substitute," a drama of strong domestic and lore interest. "Circle 17" gave a thrilling series of incidents in the lives of a secret society, an old musician and his daughter. "Nearly a Widow," "Motherless Kids," and "A Busy Day" were all highly entertaining comedies; and the " Gaumont Graphic" was shown as usual.

From to-night to Saturday the following prom- ising films are to be shown: "The Erring" and "A Man from the Past" (dramas), "Caught in a Cabaret" and "French Contemptible Army" (comedies), and •the .topical " Gaumont Graphic."

He Had Been. Tramp: " Could yer kindly help a pore bloke woes out of work?" Farmer: "Why the dickens don't you go to the Front?" Tramp: "I did, guv'nor, but couldn't mek 'anybody bear!".

===== 0002601_19141226_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
CHRISTMAS CAROLS IN THE

TRENCHES.

The men have taken, to singing _Christmas

carols in the evenings (writes an officer), thus rubbing in that it's Christmas time. At night in the trenches we can plainly hear the Ger- mans singing "Der Vaterland " tround their trench fires, but on wet days they do not sing.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
A BATH!

Wonderful Effect of a Wash and Clean

Clothes.

An officer writing of an "extraordinary experience" he had just gone through, says:— . .

4 We all marched up to a building that was evidently a derelict laundry. As soon as the men entered the building each was served out with a bundle containing a clean shirt, pants, vest, and socks. They filed into a long room, where there were eight enormous vats full of hot water with little chunks of soap ranged all round the edges. The men undressed at one end of the room, throwing all their old under- clothing on to a big heap. Their outer clothing was all collected, done up into bundles, and passed up to a room overhead, where it was all gone over with a hot iron. The R.A.M.C. ser- geant in charge of washing arrangements then ordered 14 men into each vat, and for 10 minutes the room resounded with sounds of splashings, gruntings, and such cries as ' Eh ! Bill, you've got yer foot in my mouth!' Lumme, this ain't half fine, this ain't!' As fast as the sergeant thought each 14 sufficiently clean they were ortlered out to dress in their clean clothes and their places taken by another 14 of the 'un- washed.' It's wonderful what an inspiriting effect.a good hot bath and clean clothing has on tired men. The sergeant told me he had 'put through 1,000 in two days, and that we should now get a bath roughly once every 10 days, which I think is a wonderful bit of organisa- tion."

===== 0002601_19141226_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
LISTEN, YOUNG 'MEN!

Warringtonian's Appeal to Fellow-

Toln ns-m- en.

I, as a Warringtonian, appeal to all the men of my town, who are able so to do, to come for- ward and defend their country. There was never a time in the history of England when the Homeland stood so much in need of the help of her manhood. Let the men of War- rington see to it that in the years to come they are able to say, "We helped; we did our share, and we are willing to do as much again if need be!"

Thus does Pte. T. Mullen, of the R.A.M.C., make his appeal to the manhood of Warrington in a letter addressed from the Front—No. 6 Ambulance Train, British Expeditionary Force, Belgium, is the address he gives! The letter is written to Mr. F. Highley, of 103, Catharine- street.

"This is my second experience of warfare," the letter continues, "and I really think if ever we stood in need of men it is now! I should be very much pleased if I could turn round to my colleagues and say: `The men of Warrington have answered to the full to their country's call !' Come on, Warringtonians; let us show that the men of our town are as eager to do their best for their country as are the men of any other town in England. I have seen a lot, and expect to see more before I return, but I am quite content, and I am sure that we are going to win. The sooner we get our Army to the strength that Lord Kitchener wants it, the sooner shall we do that. The Germans thought our Army a farce; we intend to show them that it is a reality..

===== 0002601_19141226_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
Saw Service in South Africa.

"I saw nearly three years' service in South Afttit.a. • . have nearly fourteen years' serviee, tt; my credit, and, if my- country ever needs me again, after this business is over, I shall be ready to do whatever I can for her! "You will have seen that we have started 'digging the Germans out,' as Mr. Churchill called it. They are being watched by our Navy as a cat watches a mouse! Mr. Churchill said: Take no notice of the first three months, but look what six bring—and then nine!' I really think that nine months will \see the finish of this 'terrible war, because the! Germans are al- ready 'fed up.'

"They Don't Like Steel!"

"They don't like steel, of course! I don't say that they do not like to steal, because, as you know as well as I do, they are in their glory when they are looting. But 'wait and see'— as Mr. Asquith says—what their punishment will be when the British, Belgian and French soldiers get on to German soil!

===== 0002601_19141226_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
Two Brothers With the Colours.

"I am proud to say that out of the four sons of the family to which I belong; three are serv- ing with the colours, and that my father is an ohl soldier, and that, despite his age, he has tried to enlist again. It shows that the heart is in the right place, doesn't it?"

===== 0002601_19141226_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
HELP THE WHOM

St. John Ambulance Brigade Hospital for France.

7,000 AMBULANCE VOLUNTEERS

The St. John Ambulance Brigade, which has two flourishing Divisions in Warrington, pro- poses to establish a hospital for the treatment of the sick and wounded in France. Mr. A. E. Spann, secretary of the Warrington Headquar- ters DiVision, has just made an appeal for sub- scriptions locally, and as it would be impossible to find a better object to support, we look with confidence to a prompt and liberal response. The honour of having sent the first guinea be- longs to the St. Helens Cable Company, and to this the officers and men of the Headquarters Division of the Warrington Corps 4ave added .t 5 ss.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
TO PROVIDE 520 BEDS.

Colonel Trimble, Deputy Commissioner for No. 4 District of the Brigade, explains the scheme as follows:

"I have received from the Chief Commissioner of the St. John Ambulance Brigade (Colonel Sir J. It. Andrew Clark, Bart. C. 8.) a communica- tion indicating that the Circler of St. John are proposing to establish a hospital, to be named " The St. John Ambulance Brigade Hospital" and to contain 520 beds for the treatment of the sick and wounded in France. Practically the entire personnel of the hospital is to be sup- plied by the Brigade. The approximate cost of the equipment of the hospital and its mainten- ance for six months will amount to £50,000, and it is now proposed that each district of the Brigade be requested to contribute and raise as much of this sum as possible. " It is found that £lOO will maintain a bed, and any individual subscribing this sum will have a bed named after him or her in the hos- pital. The contribution of £2,500, which will be sufficiont to maintain 25 beds, by any collec- tive body, firm, or individual will entitle the contributor to have a ward in the hospital named in like manner. -

During the present crisis the Brigade, which is entirely a voluntary civil organisation, has supplied to the Admiralty and War Office for service in the fleet, naval hpspitals, at the front. and in military hospitals at borne, some 7,000 men. No. IV. District, of which I have charge, and which comprises Lancashire, Cheshire, Cumberland. and Westmorland, has furnished 2,300 towards this total. In addition to this a number of orderlies and nurses for numerous hospitals at home and abroad have been pro- vided. Six motor Cars converted to motor am- bulances have been presented by private owners I to the Order of St. John, and four more prac- tically promised. It is my earnest desire to raise at least sufficient monis, to equip and maintain a ward in this hospital from the die-

trict under my charge, and I venture to ask for help in this direction."

No. IV. DIVISION WARD.

Will you help Division No. IV., to which Lancashire and Cheshire belong, -to possess a ward in this great hospital, that will do endless good and save an immeasurable amount of pre- ventable suffering? If so, communicate at once, sending even the smallest sum, to ; Mr. A. E. SPAWN, 24, Cairo-street, Warrington.

EVERY WHERE.

The good ones of a family are always dead or married. •

Flattery is simply a way of boasting of our power to fool others.

When a man is afraid to form an opinion for himself he ought to get married.

The men who succeed go after things that fail to come to them.—J. K. Bangs.

It .isn't everybody who knows enough not to know too much.—Norman Hapgood.

The saddest thing about the life that minis- ters to no one is that it never knows what it has missed.

The wisest Man would make a good bargain if he could trade off what he knows for what he doesn't know.—Estelle Klauder. It depends upon where you live. In some communities an aristocrat is one who chews fine-cut tobacco.—Cinnaminson Scimitar.

Saved Something! Tramp: " Your dog jest bit a piece of flesh outer vie leg, mum." Woman: " Glad you mentioned it I was just going to feed him."

Where It Happened. Teacher: " You have no certificate a vaccin- ation, Johnny, and I can't find any scar. Where were you vaccinated?" New Boy (much frightened): "In Missouri, ma'am."

Much in a Name. " What's that new structure you have put up on the hill there?" asked a puzzled visitor of a farmer. "Well." replied the farmer, "if I find a tenant for it, it's a bungalow; if I don't, it's a barn !" A Keen Nose. Grandmother: Why is the baby eo happy? Nurse: Oh, his mother and father are coming. Grandmother: I don't see them. Nurse: Nor I, ma'am. But the child's nose ia very keen. He smells the motor, ma'am.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
GLASGOW.

Thrilling Description of Chile Battle

BY A WARRINGTONIAN.

Lance-Corporal Alf. Purcell, who is borne on the books of 11.M.5. Glasgow, irhero- ship of the historic engagement off the Chilian Coast, has written another long and interesting letter to his father, Mr. D. Purcell, a former Warringtonian, who now resides at 158, Whet- stone-lane, Birkenhead. The Lance-Corporal has many friends in the town, where he spent his boyhood, and where subsequently he became a telegraph messenger, prior to going to work at the Cable Works, which establishment he left in order to join the Royal Marines.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
Had to ', Run For It" and Lie Low.

"No doubt," he writes, " -3-;c;;;.i;;;;-11;.ard of our engagement in the Pacific Ocean, and I am wondering what version of the affair you got in England. We had to run for it and lie low for a few days, so far as communication was con- cerned; otherwise our wireless would have be- trayed our whereabouts and we should have been cut off. The captain would not report until we were in the Magellan Straits, and consequently we thought we may have caused some anxiety in England, as you would only have the German version of the fight for the first few days. "You will like to hear of our escapade? . . . The Glasgow, being a fast cruiser, 'A elB crdered to proceed to Caronel—a eistanze of about two hundred miles from where we were at the time. Our orders were to intercept ll•?rtrv.n sailing ship making for Caronel, and alsc- to glean cer- tain information. When nearing Caronel our wireless instruments picked up Germ,tn mes- sages so plainly that we came to the conclusion that the enemy-ships were not very far away. We accordingly communicated with our Olive companion ships—the Monmouth, the Good Hope (Rear Admiral Craddock's flag-ship) and the Otranta (an auxiliary cruiser). They imme- diately left their base to join us and came up with us at dinner-time the follow- ing day. They and we then started to sweep the ! ocean in line, and we sighted the enemy.at about ! five p.m. and at once cleared for action. We had lost sight of the Good Hope and could not get into commnnication with her, owing to the Germans blocking our wireless by sending mes- sages of their own every time we endeavoured to send a message. - Enemy's Tremendous Fire. - - - - - -

The Admiral signalled orders for the Otranta to get clear out of the way, as she would have made an easy target for the enemy. The three of us remaining steamed 'line ahead,' about three hundred yards separating each ship. . . . After a while the enemy opened fire on us and we replied. . . . 'They poured in a tremendous fire and their range and aim were disconcertingly accurate, their shells mostly dropping either just over us or just short of us. After a while the Good Hope, which had now come up, caught fire, and her magazine blew up,the flames leaping to a considerable height. By now the Monmouth was in a sinking condition, and the enemy con- centrated nearly all their fire on our vessel. H.M.S. Monmouth's Signal of Distress.

They had four ships in action and were supe- rior in armament. . . . It was now getting dark mid the Monmouth signalled that she was taking in water very fast and could not steam away The enemy ceased fire; being, no doubt, unable to see the target. We also ceased. There was now nothing to do, save either to steam away or be sunk; added to which we were in danger of being cut off by their light cruisers. We decided on the first alternative, and steamed away at top speed until we got clear of the Magellan Straits. " The action lasted an hour, and it is almost impossible to conceive the amount of damage that was done in so short a time. We, on the Glasgow, were very lucky indeed; escaping with comparatively little hurt, though we came in for more than a fair share of their shells. One could bear the shells going overhead, and, of course, could see them falling in the water either just in front of the ship or just behind her. "We Were Very Lucky, But-"

" Still, though we were very lucky, we foun4 that we were more damaged than we thought we were. We had three holes in our side, and one shell had penetrated the captain's cabin, whilst another had hit the funnel-casing. We had beetn hit five times:in all.. One of the boles in. the side of our vessel was below the water-line, and it was so big that you could have walked through it without bending. Ilad the shell that caused it penetrated a little further it would have damaged our engine-room and we should have been unable to get away, and, most probably, would have been sunk. . . . . I don't think any of us who witnessed the battle will ever for- get the sight. I suppose there would be about 1,600 hands lost. Monmouth Fights to the Last.

been-

"The German Admiral reports that it was im- possible to save anybody from the Monmouth, as, being unable to steam away, she fired until her guns were practically submerged. How- ever, I do not think any lives could have been saved even if she had ceased firing, as the sea was rather rough, and, therefore, it would have been dangerous for the Germans if they had lowered boats."

The letter goes on to tell how the Glasgow put into dry-dock at Itio Janiero for repairs, leaving two days later, and how the crew were very much surprised to find how light were the casualties suffered aboard—" when the action was over we found that our casualties were only small; four men being slightly wounded by splinters."

===== 0002601_19141226_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
LIFE IN BRUSSELS.

Business Man's Escape to England And His Return.

THE COMING TRADE BOOM.

SPECIAL: BY OUR OWN REPRE- SENTATIVE.

I recently had the privilege of half an hour's conversation, with the aid of a fr:endly ,nter- preter, with a Belgian who was in Brussels when the Germans took possession .)f that city, who remained at his post there until recently, who only a few days ago escaped the vigilance of the enemy and came to England to see his wife, who had, at the approach of danger, been sent to England and placed in the safe custody of friends.

The Belgian, evidently a keen buiiness man, is the representative in Brussels of a large Eng- lish manufacturing firm. He is so cc.nfident of the successful issue of the great conflict that he has not only started back for Brussels, but has taken his wife back with him. Trade, lie thinks, will boom as soon as the Germans have been "cleared out," and be wants to be at the pal of duty ready at the proper—which is the first— moment. It was to give his firm this personal assurance in respect of the future, to provide them with information, and to receive instruc- tions, as much as to take back his wife—surely one of the first Belgian refugees to return to a distraught land—that impelled him to visit this country at the present juncture. The only condition upon which our friend would be interviewed was that no word that might hint at his identity should appear in print, as it would lead to his arrest and pro- bably to his being shot. For, though the Ger- mans will go, they are not gone yet.

"NEWS" IN BRUSSELS. I was particularly anxious to learn first-hand how a peaceable citizen feels when he sees his land invaded and his home desecrated. He was amazingly cool, to my mind, over such a ques- tion. The Germans came suddenly upon Brus- sels, he said, and were in possession before the inhabitants had time to think one way or the other. There was an entire absence of outrage or atrocity. The Germans simply claimed a free passage and, that being guaranteed by the Burgomaster, no private houses were visited. From the shops and garages they "lifted" everything they wanted, leaving useless acknow- ledgments for the goods commandeered. There ,was not much difference, he said, in Brussels after the German occupation. The strangers advanced the time an hour to make it accord with the Berlin time, which led to the joke being made that as the Germans could not advance with their armies they would do so with the clocks. In the absence ot atrocities or damage, the only change was that life became regulated and irksome. No cafes, no theatres, no news except that manufactured by the Ger- mans. _

This was a point which for me had peculiar attractions. ___ _

-------- "Do you get any English newspapers" I asked. _ _

" Tee," was the reply, "but very dear. Copies of 'The Times' are smuggled in, and for these from -a to ..t6 a copy is paid. These are read and passed from friend to friend, and those who read them retail the news in conversation to those who do not get the chance. The reading of these papers is strictly forbidden, and a man found with one in his possession would be sent to gaol for six months." "And how does the news in 'The Times agree with the news given out by the Ger- mans?" _

"It is exactly opposite," was the ready reply, "exactly opposite in every case. The German news of the war is posted on the walls of the town, and when the English papers come they are the exact opposite." "And which of the two versions ido the Bel- gian people believe?" "They believe the English papers. They have never believed the German stories and • never will." . In answer to my question aa to food condi- tions in Belgium. my informant said that it is. possible for people who had money to buy flesh ,f 'meat, but it is Very -dear, though not double the urdiftary• priee. There is no ordinary bread, as it is impossith ko get yeast or any equivalent. The wheat available is diseased, and the 'bread" is consequently black, dirty and sour. Milk available, but eggs are not. It is possible to . get coal at about a ton. There are about 40.000 people in Brussels without food or money, who are being fed daily on soup and bread by the municipality—the soup being very good. The Germans "permit" this.

GRAND REVIVAL COMING. "As to trade?" "There is no trade or commerce of any kind. One has great difficulty in spending one's time. We visit our customers—such of them as exist— keeping up the friendship and exchanging the news gathered from the English papers and giving such assistance and advice as is pos- sible." "And what are the prospects?" " I prophesy an immense demand immediately the war is over. There will be a grand revival., with the help of England." "You have faith in the ability of this coun- try to see you righted?" We have the greatest confidence in Eng- land—from England will come our deliverance." "How long do you think that will be in coming?" _ _

"It-is difficult tb say, but the people of Brus- sels have the idea that the war will be finished by April. They have every hope it will be." I hinted that I had heard, from a well-in- formed source, that it was expected that the Russians would be in Berlin by February, but he smiled and shook his head.

" The English and French will get there first," he said. 'lll'sieur assured me, from his personal know- ledge, that the infantry, the flying men, the cavalry, the artillery, and the naval men, were not the only departments in which the British had asserted and established their superiority over the enemy. The British, he maintained, live a far better secret service on the Continent than most people are aware. They know a good deal more of the plans and the doings of the enemy than the enemy know of the Allies.

HOW HE ESCAPED. M'sicur, being of military age, was forbidden to leave Brussels, and being anxious to take his wife home and make his arrang .ments for th - future, be "escaped." lie did so without di zuise on a boat on the Scheldt, going fro -Brussels to Antwerp. While the boat was bei searched by Germans he concealed himself in mattress, and was actually touched by the hand of one of the searchers. From Antwerp 12 went to Vlake, and then entrained for Rotte darn, where, being on neutral ground, he cc free Ho visited his brother, a Belgian soldie interned in Holland, and then travelled b train to Flushing,, whence he sailed for Londo On the journey across the Ninth Sea they we challenged by British warships, but allowed pass when assurances were given that evert' thing was in order.

RETURNING WITHOUT "I am returning to-morrow," he said, f` an taking my wife with me." "Why go back to Brussels at the presen. time?"

"To look after our home," he explained in the most natural tone imaginable. " Then you are not afraid of the Germans molesting you?" "I don't expect anything serious." "Nor are you afraid of the Germans taking revenge upon the town when they have to leave it, as at Rheims and elsewhere?" "No, the American and Italian Consuls are there, and the Germans are anxious to avoid the bad opinion of America and Italy. It might amount to an act of war against America and Italy if the Germans interfered in some of the matters where their Consuls are involved." "Is it true that the Germans have mined Brussels?" "No. I don't believe it is." "Did you pay the indemnity demanded by the Germans?" "Yes, we paid them the fifty million francs, quickly. "And what interest will you charge them," I asked, "when the English force them to repay the amount?" When he understood the question aright h smiled and said the Belgians would charge cent. per cent. for the accommodation,

4

===== 0002601_19141226_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
• 5 ISM I Established 1846. WriVl OWEN & SON, FAMILY GROCERS, 15, Sankey Street, Warrington, Beg to inform their numerous Customers that they have the Best Assortment of Xmas Crackers, r Chocolates Cryst. Fruit, (Cadbury's & Rowntree's) Biscuits, Dates, Figs, Grapes, Pines That can be produced. PLEASE SHOP EARLY. ITelephone 563. Telegrams: 563, Warrington.

Prime Pork for Christmas.

6

===== 0002601_19141226_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
w. CO()F°ER,

AVIIOLESALE and RETAIL PORK BUTCHER,

13, rputtermarket St., Warrington.

HOME FED HAMS AND BACON.

Our Seasonable Dainties and Celebrated Pork Pies cannot be excelled.

Established XMAS, 1914. 1868.

Tel. 584.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
Fa &

J. RILEY,

FOR RELIABLE

Game and Poultry, Fish,

Fruit and Vegetables.

PERFECT SATISFACTION GUARANTEED.

SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0110.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1914.

By MAY WYNNE.

"I hate snow," declared Mine Graysham vindictively, "and I simply hate country mud and dulless. As to the prospect of spending the next month here—really, Bob, I can't do it."

Her husband stood before the library window, jingling the money in his trousers pockets and surveying the wintry scene. "It'll be all right when Christmas is over," he replied, cheerfully. "The Ailing- tons and Barwells will be here on the 3rd for the shooting." "January!" retorted Aline with disgust. "And to-day is the eighteenth of December. Why didn't we stay in London?" "There were the kids," suggested Bobbie.

Mine grimaced. "They would have been just as happy," she snapped, "as long as there were the shops to look at, and the prospect of a pan- tomime." _ _ .

Bobbie did not reply, he was watching his seven-year-old son and heir zealously snow- balling his still smaller sister. "I'll tell you what," quoth his wife, sit- ting up suddenly on the snug Chesterfield and clasping two pretty hands round her knee. "You might take me to Paris for Christmas. It would be delicious, and just take 'the bone' out of this dreary time. You really must now—it is quite an inspira- tion on my part—a recipe for putting me in a real good temper for your old shooting , party." Bobbie Graysham turned his back on the window and surveyed the dainty .figure on the sofa. How pretty she was, how charming, how , perfectly gowned. She certainly was not intended for country mud and dulness. He himself, too, was not at all averse to the idea of a frolic in Paris. But--- _

"Paris," he murmured. "Of course, it's an awfully jolly idea; all the same there are—"

"It's delicious," interrupted Aline jump- ing up and coming to his side. "We'll hire a car over there, and when -we are tired of shopping—" • "When," interpolated Bobbie. His wife shook him playfully. "We will go motor- ing," she went on. "Such fun it will be— and the theatres and operas, and all the nice things that always seem going on in the city of enchantment! Elsie Margrove told me that Christmas in Paris is just ideal."

"Of course, there are the children," murmured Bobbie, but he did not put the suggestion with the same enthusiasm he would have shown half a minute previously when he was face to the window and back to his wife.

Aline was a past-mistress in over-ruling objections when she wanted her own way. "I was thinking of them," she replied airily. "And they shall have the jolliest of times." "In Paris?" demanded Bobbie, with raised brows. "Goose! Of course not. They would hate it, poor little things. No, they shall have their treat at home. They will he quite happy, with their turkey and plum-pud- ding, snowballing and Christmas stockings. That is all kiddies think about, and I shall arrange with nurse and Miss Partington that they have a little tree on Christmas Eve. How pleased they will be." Bobbie said no more. It was not for mere man to diagnose child-nature in contradic- tion to his wife, but he had an uncomfort- able memory of having promised to play the "awfullest excitingest games" on Christmas Eve, and building a snow man almost to the skies, if the old woman in the clouds plucked many more geese. "I suppose that'll be all right," he replied dubiously, and Aline laughed merrily. "More than all right," she declared; "they'll have the time of .their liyos—so shall we. Bobbie vou are a positive .duck." And she kissed -him as she had somehow forgotten to do for the last year or two, though they got on capitally in the ordi- nary sense of the word, and never interfered with each others' annisements. Of course, now the matter of the kids was clenched, they were both agreed about Paris. Bobbie thought snow beastly stuff, and country neighbours the limit—the style who played bridge for nuts or counters and thought week-end parties one of the dis- graces of the Century. "We'll start on Thursday," Aline arranged. "I'll explain to the children; the thought of Paris toys will more than con- sole them for our loss." Unfortunately, Bobbie came into the room just as she had finished explaining, and it seemed neither Phil nor Mollie were think- ing of the delights of a Christmas tree or toys from Paris. "But you won't be here," Phil was say- ing in bitterness of spirit; "and daddie won't be able to be a Christmas ogre." Tears were not far off blue eyes, though their mother made haste to 'check them. "He can he a New Year's one," said she, "and that will be much nicer. You have no idea, children, what lovely toys I'm going to bring you from over the seas." Mollie began to whimper. "But s'posiug you get drowned on the way," she argued. • This pessimistic view could not be enter- tained, and the children were packed off to make a snow-man of their own in the gar- den, with a vague promise from daddie that he would come and "stick on" the head. "They'll be perfectly happy when we have gone," Aline repeated cheerfully. "Children are always like that. 'Out of sight, out of mind.' And both Nurse and Miss Partington adore them." Her husband was whistling "The Last Post," and did not hear her. Clearly some ' of Mollie's pessimism had descended on to his shoulders. The next day they started for Paris. The children wept buckets at parting, and though, as their mother remarked later, it was "only natural," the incident cast a slight gloom over the earlier part of the journey. But Aline could not remain low- spirited for long—.and she had the gift of wit when she chose to exert it. So Bobbie was soon roaring delightedly over the eccen'ricities of fellow-travellers at viewed by his wife, and quite forgot hoa Phil—amidst throttling hugs—had sobbed out that a New Year's ogre could never. never be the same as a Christmas one. But Aline was bent on seeing everything throurgh rose-coloured spectacles. Even when it poured dismally she vowed Paris was delightful, and steered e damp and de- pressed Bobbie through half-flooded streets to do her shopping. The only places he really got excited in were the toy-shops— where he fulfilled the role of "mad English- man" to perfection—and another elysium Where one bought specialities in the shape of foies gran, truffled boars' heads, caviar and all sorts of other insidious palate- ticklers. Mine allowed him to launch forth with an indulgent smile for masculine weakness. After all, Christmas comes but once a year, and he had been a pet in allowing her carte blanche with regard to frocks, hats, and furbelows. By the twenty-third, shopping was ex- hausted, and Aline, knowing how her "goose's" thoughts would be drifting back , to snap-dragon and Christmas stockings, suggested a motor rue for the next day. "It has stopped raining," she laughed "and it is going to be fine. Paris on a fine day is charming. lam glad we are far from the slush of country lanes.. "I y.ender how the kids are gettimr on," murmured Bobbie, between puffs of his cigar. o.iine produced a letter. "Miss Partington says they are just as happy as they can be, she replied; and Bobbie thought a motor ride' next day would be "all right." Aline put on one of those "ducky" new motor bonnets, "just to please her old man," she declured, ;lough Bobbie was horribly unobservant of that sort of thing.. But th idea of a giAn was pleasant to him. and they

THE GRAYSHAM'S CHRISTMAS

'were golng to have "all evening ollt on their return to Paris.

Aline literally thrilled with enjoyment. Fine day, new bonnet, gay Paris, a ripping little car, and the prospect of a night's ex- citement in visiting all sorts of jolly places. How different from a long dull day at Harcourt Manor, reading a novel, or wading through slush and mud to pay calls. Bobbie acted chauffeur, and they had lunch at the dearest little café miles away from Paris.

"I)oesn't look unlike a storm," said Bobbie, as he pulled on his gloves. "We shall have to bustle." They did bustle, but unfortunately it was in the wron.o. direction. Aline prophesied this catastrophe long before Bobbie would yield the point. "We're all right," he kept saying. "We're all right. I've been here dozens of times before."

But he had to give in at last, and took to abusing foreign negligence in the matter of sign-posts and the idiocy of passers-by in not understanding his French. It was the best French, after all, but the confounded peasants talked such a jargon. And the jargon had been confusing in the matter of roads. He admitted he was not very sure of his bearings at the moment, when a deep booming of thunder and a growing darkness warned them of the ap- proach of a thunderstorm. It was no use for Bobbie to swear that thunderstorms were quite out of season at Christmastime. A. fact remained a fact—a very disagreeable one, too. Thunder, light- ning, storm, and rain had not entered their calculations, and Aline would have been in tears over the destruction of her motor bonnet, had she not been obsessed by the fear of being struck by lizhtnine. Some too-utterly-wonderfut palmist had once told her to beware of thunderstorms. It was plain that disaster was at hand. She was quite right there. The car stopped after the eccentric manner of a car which is not thoroughly understood, and though Bob, dririen to swearing in his impotent wrath, tried to coax it, they found it merely proceeded in a crazily wobbling fashion which was more alarming than the lightning. "Gales," gasped Mine; "drive through— I mean between them, Bobbie. There may be a house. Oh, I do hope there is a house. Fm7-Fin drenched."

"A merry Chi.: growled Bobbie, sotto v.-r: lity of the old Adam ia him. But Aline WILS Adam, she only lamented a 60,1 -,ci the pro- spect of a speedy ii —Ai. There was a house, though. A dear, delightful old chiteau which came into view round a turn of the carriage drive. The car proceeded thitherwards in the manner of an intoxicated duck, and finally stopped short a dozen yards from the en- tranoe.

"Come on," called Bobbie. raising his voice against the increasing tempest. "You'll have to run for it." He was viciously hoping she had had enough of Paris as she crawled beneath a smothering of rugs and scuttled through the drenching rain to a haven. Yes, it was a haven, quite dear and romantic, though to begin with Aline was not inclined to gush. A solemn-looking man-servant admitted them into a gloomy hall, where both were guiltily conscious of the fact that small rivulets of water trickled from their clothes over the parquet flooring. Eventually, however, Monsieur de Mar- court, the owner of the chateau, appeared, listened- politely to explanations, remarked (no doubt) that Madame was young 'and charming. and invited them to partake of the hospitality of the château till morning. He was not a prepossessing personality— grey-faced, grim and depressing, at least, Aline so summed him up. Bobbie, being a man, required longer for his diagnosis. A French maid took possession of "Madame," and brought a consignment of her mistress's clothes, smart, pretty clothes, well-fitted to her slender person, so that Aline's spirits rose. It really was quite an adventure, and she was smiling radiantly as Suzanne handed her over to the butler to be conducted to the salon. In the salon was Madame de Marcourt, the owner of the clothes.

Aline wondered why so charming a woman should give her an instinctive shock. Madame was American, her ago wae on the right side of thirty, her personality bizarre.

She rouged her cheeks, she dyed her hair, she wore extravagant clothes, which Bobbie would have termed "flashy," and her laugh was as defiant as her eyes. She seemed a woman who had a grudge against life, and she laughed loud to persuade the world that she had the best of the squabble. She greeted Aline with careless effusive- ness, measuring her critically and talking fast to Bobbie, who appeared, English fashion, after his wife.

Monsieur de Mar-c-o—u.rt was not eo enter- taining a companion for Aline. In evening dress he appeared more dejected, more grey- faced, than ever, and when he looked across the table to where his wire jested loudly with the visitor, k there was no love in his eyes, rather biliernea and reproach. .e menu was dainty and varied. To herself she was say- ing there must be tragedy in this old chateau. What ghosts haunted its dark rooms and dismal passages, for ghosts there certainly were? Madame de Marcourt's laugh rang shrill sad metallic, but there was no gaiety in it —it was the mirth of a reckless woman, reckless, defiant, yet covering a secret heart- ache. They did not play cards afterwards, and Mine could hardly keep her eyes open to listen to her hostess's conventional babble. _

Once, and only once, that babble was checked. It was when Aline mentioned Christmas. Then suddenly the reckless de- fiance died out of the beautiful face oppo- site her own, and the rouge and powder could not hide the scars of tragedy which showed in drawn •features. "I hate Christmas," said Madame de Marcourt. "Bah! Do not talk to me of it. I will not think of it." And, going to the piano, she began to sing some comic ditty of the music halls, which seemed quite out of place in that aristocratic and sombre drawing-room. The jarring notes added to Aline's weari- ness and she made excuse to go to bed. Madame quite understood. It was true her little guest looked tired out, she was kind in wishing her a good night, hut Aline wondered at the curious stare those hard blue eyes bent on her. Bobbie had latinehed into a scientific dis- cussion would w tcho come ur .i:letoMbaerdcoursto.on, but dared Aline hoped li not say so, "I shall be asleep as soon as my head touches the pillow," she consoled herself by thinking, but she was mistaken. The gloom of the chateau had got on nerves already unstrung by the storm and many adventures. And Bobbie, selfish creature, had. not come to bed. To and fro, tossed Aline. She could not sleep. Ghosts? Were there really ghosts in this gloomy château? She was quite sure there must be. Behind those black panels the crumbling bones of some poor murdered creature might be reposing. Bobbie was a brute not to come to bed. He might have known she would never get to sleep in this hateful, haunted château. Presently wolyshueld kill her.wkoiuldsce the h beams creeping in from behind drawn cur- tains made the darkness more awe-inspiring. She was positive a murder had been com- mitted in this room, and that was what made; M. de Marcourt and his wife so "funny. They certainly were funny. In a panic Aline sprang from her bed, crossed the room, and opened • the door. She wi\uld wait her till Bobbie came un

and then wouldn't she talk to him! She quite trembled with rage at his incon- siderate conduct in leaving her to such a vigil. The long minutes crept slowly by. Would Bobbie never come? Then another thought came to torture her in her nervous excitement. Supposing Bobbie had been murdered? One never knew what might happen when one came to lonely chateaux in a foreign land. Oh dear! Oh dear! She was sure now that tragedy brooded yonder in those black shadows. She knew something terrible had happened. Then suddenly, as she crouched there, hidden by the heavy portiere, she heard steps approaching along the passage. It certainly was not Bobbie, who always came clattering along as if he were racing to catch a train. These footsteps fell soft and slow—almost steathily. Aline's heart began to beat with new fears. Who could it be who crept so secretly along the passages of the chateau at mid- night? Not down this passage though . . . the , footsteps were passing away to the right— ' and who . • . 'why! it was Madame do Mar- court herself! Madame de Marcourt, no longer in gay attire, but with a long black wrap enveloping her, her hair hanging loose over her shoulders, a candlestick in one hand, whilst the other shaded the flame against draught. It was just such an appari- tion as might set the blood racing through stouter veins than those of Aline Graysham, since the woman's eyes were fixed in a curiously hard stare—the eyes of tragedy— unnamable tragedy which seemed to have frozen up all vitality in this gay and reck- lessly laughing lady of the chateau. Where was she going? What 'was she going to do? Fear had laid its hand on the watcher, but it was the fear that impelled to action. Was it possible this woman was on the verge of some crime? That was the sugges- tion which seemed to become certainty to Mine as she, in turn, crept stealthily up the passage, following the woman in the black cloak. "I must follow her," thought Aline to her- self, "if not, something dreadful will happen, and . . . and I shall never forgive myself. Oh! if only Bobbie were here" But Bobbie was not there, having found scientific discussions too absorbing, and Aline followed alone along those many passages, praying that the woman would not look back and see her. Even if she did, she m see the figure which followed which • which only had the candle-light "I shall never find my ing all these passages," thought and at that moment the ire her passed, turned to the left, )eared. Should she follow? Had r right to follow? Aline hesitated, leaning back against the wall, panting in her excitement. yes, she must go on—for two reasons. To begin with, she could never find her way back to her room alone in the dark; and, secondly, that fixed look of tragedy on her fellow-woman's face demanded it. She could not leave her alone to— * • * *

There was moonlight flooding the room which Madame de Marcourt had entered. No need of candle-light to show Aline Gray.. sham an unexpected picture. With caught breath and startled eyes the latter paused on the threshold looking in. And this is what she saw. A room—a child's nursery—with toys in it; toys on the floor and on the wide window seat, a rocking horse in one corner, a play- • another;box and there in the centre a little bed—just a ^biM's bed with snowy coverings--but no eSild within it. The bed was , empty. The room was empty save for the woman in black who lay crouching by the little bed, her arms stretched wide over the unpressed pillow, her face hidden, shrouded by the scattered tresses of. her hair. That was the picture Aline Gray Sham saw —a woman weeping by a child's empty bed, at the foot of which was perched a senseless stuffed bear -with staring glass eyes watch- ing the tragedy of bereaved motherhood. Alt! the teddy-bear did hot understand the meaning of the picture, but the other watcher did, and instinctively Aline's thoughts flew back in swift, agony to the nursery at home, and the little children who were going to be "perfectly all right" with- out her. A moan broke from her lips, and the sound roused the woman who knelt there. Madame de Marcourt was on' her feet in- stantly. Who was it who had dared to follow her to this secret place? Her eyes were fiercely accusing as they looked acrom at the other woman. "you," she muttered. "You?" Then Aline, still thinking of that nursery at home, broke down into tears. "Oh, don't," she sobbed, "don't be angry. I—l understand." Loud de Marcourt hesitated, swaying a little, uncertain whether to let anger con- quer those other feelings which she hid so jealously from all the world. But, after all, this was another woman, who said she un- derstood. She wondered if that were true. "You have children," she whispered. "You know what this means?" She pointed to the empty bed. Aline shook her head. .. I never thought," she moaned. "Oh, how could I have left them? How could I?" me other gave a little cry. She was by Aline's side now. "You left them?" she questioned eagerly. ..yes. To come to Paris. I left them—for Christmas—without me. I—l thought it didn't matter. I wanted—to enjoy—myself." "You did that. You?" Aline's hands were caught in a sudden tight clasp. 'Listen," whispered the other woman be- neath her breath. "That is what I did. /. He was my only one. My little Pierre. I never knew how I loved him—till toe late. It was Christmas, too. He begged me to stay for his party. He could not enjoy it—alone. I laughed and told him I would return-- next day. It was a ball I wished to go to. A gay, beautiful ball. I danced all night. When, next day, I returned here, he Was dead. My little son—dead. It was a candle on the tree caught his clothes as he tried to reach a toy too_ high above him. He called always for his mother—she was not here. Do you wonder that I hate Christmas? Do you wonder that—l come here to weep? Do you wonder that I tell you to go home Go I home to the treasures which neither money, prayers, nor love can replace. Oh—go! And Aline answered by her tears. Presently she stole back alone along the silent passages. What had passed between , her and that other woman who had once been a mother no one over knew. It was the I secret which only the moonbeams and the dead Pierre's teddy-bear shared with them for all time, but there was no defiance in Loud do Marcourt's face as she whispered good-night into the other mother's ears. Bobbie Graysham had just come up to bed. He was horribly ashamed to find Aline had been waiting for him, and was profuse in his apologies. Of course he had thought her in bed and asleep ages ago, and the old boy downstairs had been yarning on till, he himself was nearly dead asleep. Aline did not answer any of these ex., aS; e...a qu. forgotten she meant to load Bobbio with bitter repreaches for his unkindness. She stood instead by the smouldering fire, a new light—seen through a glaze of tears—in her blue eyes. When Bobbie paused for breath—expect- ing long and bitter reproaches—she went to him, laying her hand on his sleeve. "You shall be forgiven on one condition, dear," she said, with a tremulous little laugh. "One condition only—you must take me back to England to-morrow, Atarting early—ear.y, so that we shall be home for the children's Christmas Eve." _

Bobbie Graysham stared in blank amaze, then he burst into the cheeriest laugh. "You really mean it, Ali?" he cried. "Good for you, darling. Why, it's what I've been hanke ng for all the time; but I thought you were dying to try Christmas in paris." She shook her head, nestling to his side. "There's no place like home," she whis- pered. "And the children will be so pleased to have us. They must not be disap- pointed 2 . f their Christmas ogre." * "It wouldn't really have been Christmas withqut you and daddie, mother," whis- pered Phil as Mine bent to kiss him a final good-night. "Mollie and me were so dread- ful unhappy when we thought you wouldn't be here And were you.swerry sad to come

home again so soon, as nurse says sne's sure you were?" "Nurse is quite, quite wrong this time," whispered his mother, hiding her face against her small son's shoulder. "It would not have been Christmas at all with- out my darlings, and this has been the hap- piest one I've ever spent." But there were tears in her eyes which neither. Phil nor Mollie _saw. Tears for the mother—who had come home too-late. -

+ rA. V 14 A 14: At OA A Lig. 0 a RE

===== 0002601_19141226_art0112.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
t/ ",/ A

===== 0002601_19141226_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
SCHOOL LIGHTING.

Electricity for Oakwood Avenue

District.

COST OF NEW MAIN.

For the present the question of lighting the new Onkwood-avenue Council School is left in abeyance. At their meeting on Monday, the Education Committee had before them the fol- lowing resolution passed at a meeting of the Sites And Buildings Committee: "That the offer of the Electricity and Tramways Committee to provide a main for the supply of electricity to the Oakwood-avenue Council School upon a guaranteed revenue of £6O per annum be accepted, on the understanding that all receipts in connection with this cable be credited to- wards the amount named until such time as the cost to this committee does not exceed the cost of consumption of current."

===== 0002601_19141226_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
"ROBBING PETER-"

Councillor PEMBERTON said that A:qo was ,a large amount, as the school could be lit for £3 per year. He had opposed it in committee, and he thodght that if the, matter were passed it only ought to be done with a limitation. They ought not to go on paying the .4:60 for ever. The Education Committee would have to take the risk as to whether more customers came, and he proposed that the matter be referred back. Mr. JARMAN seconded, and said the charge was very excessive. The Electricity Committee would not ask for that charge from an ordinary trader. They would probably say they could not do it. It was fining one body to pay an- other which was making larger profits.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
INTEREST ON INITIAL OUTLAY.

The MAYOR said the Electricity Committee were giving the Education Committee something for nothing. The X6O was only the cost of the sinking fund and interest on the capital outlay, and the committee would get theirelectricity for nothing. They would gain the 0t35 differ- ence between the cost of gas in the cleaning and decorating of the school without taking into consideration the benefits from a health point of view. The amount would be ,reduced from time to time as additional customers came along. Councillor LINDLEY : There is nothing unusual in this charge. The CHAIRMAN: It is putting a business risk which properly ought to belong to the Electric- ity Committee on this committee. Councillor LINDLEY : You are getting the elec- tricity, for nothing, and you will have the bene- fits which the Mayor has pointed out. Mr. UPSON : Will nothing be paid for the cur- rent?

Mr. JACKSON HOLMES : No; so long as the £6O per year is paid. That amount will be reduced to a minimum as other customers come and we shall only have to pay the usual charge& then.

Councillor WILKINSON said that if a manufac- turer in that neighbourhood was desirous of using electricity the committee would ask him for a guarantee that the £6O was paid every year. The school had been put on the same plane as works. The Electricity Committee were not going to place a £l,OOO cable down just to accommodate a ..€2.0 or £25 per year customer. When the cable was down they would have plenty of customers, and the £6O would be reduced. _ _ _

Alderman BENNETT said he shared Councillor Wilkinson's view. Electricity was so much better, healthier and cleaner than gas.

Councillor ARCTIER said that he did not think they would have many customers in such a neighbourhood, and he did not think the ground would be occupied by manufacturers for many years. Mr. JOLLEY said he would vote against the amendment, bearing in mind the ancient saying "not to strain at a gnat and swallow a camel." The committee had swallowed many financial camels not pleasantly, but forced down its throat by other departments of the Corporation, but he thought that in this case, if there were any loss it would come out of the general pockets. CONDEMNATION OF MUNICIPAL TRADING.

Mr. Ursox : Exactly, but that loss will be a charge against the Education Committee. I would like to ask what the position would be supposing the Electricity Committee were a private company working for profit. They would not charge a customer with the cable. The proposal of the Electricity Committee is a wholesale condemnation of the system of muni- cipal trading. Mr. UNSWORTII : I think the matter can be re- duced into a very small compass. They are ask- ing this committee to take a risk which they are afraid to take themselves, and I, for one, object to it. - -

Nine voted for the amendment and nine against, and the Chairman gave his casting vote in favour of the amendment that the matter be referred back.

With this exception the minutes of the sub- committee were confirmed.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
FARM AND GARDEN—continued.

pushes through an opening in a wall and is left undisturbed, the growth soon begins to tell. The shoot, as it gains strength, will push against the side of the fissure and certainly inc:eace the size thereof, the probability being that it will bring the wall down. Again; ivy, if not care- fully trimmed closely every year. finds its way into the spouts of the house, choking them and causing the water to overflow' and keep the wall very damp.—" Wick," in "Farm and Home."

===== 0002601_19141226_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
DEEP CULTIVATION.

It would be CiiffiCUlt—io..finci "a—si;onger argn, ment in favour of deep cultivation than that afforded by the appearance of crops growing side by side during a dry season, the one on deeply cultivated soil and the other on that which has only been dug one spit deep. The crop on the latter, should the season be very dry, would be drooping, while the other would be growing strongly, owing to the fact that the roots of the plants can go down into the deeply cultivated soil, and thus find moisture long after that on the shallow cultivated ground had been ex- hausted. This no doubt explains why an allot- ment holder who trenches his ground regularly gets better crops than are raised where the soil is only ploughed to, say, a depth of six inches or so. Now is the time to trench all mtcant ground itot required until the spring, incorpor- ating while the work is being done any kind of garden refuse and burying it in the bottom of the trench. There is no better way of cleanifig ground that has been allowed to become weedy than trenching it, as all the surface which con- tains the weeds can be skimmed off and buried in the bottom of each trench. Old strawberry beds are very liable to get weedy, and the best way to deal with them is to bury the whole in the trenches, which should not be less than two spits deep. Such treatment of the soil will be well repaid by the vigorous crops taken from it the following year.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
FARM AND GARDEN.

THICK SOWING OF WHEAT. It has been argued that as thick seeding , means many more plants to the acre, over- crowding and loss must result. This is, how- , ever, not the case, though wheat is not a plant which should be thickly sown if it can be , helped. It depends much on how it grows on „ the land at command. The best returns can " only be expected where each plant has a reason- ' able amount of growing room; but on poor land the plants are naturally thin and small, and consequently can be somewhat crowded without interference with each other, and, in fact, to their mutual support and shelter in exposed places. Pedigree corn, again, goes farther than ordinary samples.—" Agricultural Economist and Horticultural Review."

PREPARING FOR THE CROPS OF 1915. Enough has been written about wheat, but little about those crops which are calculated to ' reduce the cost of farming. Now is the time, ,1 unless the work has been done, to prepare the - soil, on dry days, for sowing sainfoin and lucerne. These crops, which are drought re- H. sisters, should be sown much more extensively where they are suitable. Rye, trifolium, and vetches are all good in their way, but they are annuals, and cost a great deal more to produce. ' With the two plants named, however, there need be no more labour for years, and no loss of crop from dry weather, while more stock can be kept. An increase in the potato crop, too, is desirable, and where soils are of the heavier type they may be made more suitable by ridg- ing up for the winter, if clean, that they maY be better pulverised.—James Long in "Farm •,., and Rome." , . „ LIVE STOCK IN WINTER. • The task of keeping the herds and flocks through the winter (says "The Times") is determined largely by what the preceding sum- mer has provided in the way of animal food. • Weather is not a negligible factor, but its power to count heavily in the balance is subject to the food supply bequeathed by the earlier months " of the year—by autumn as well as by summer ! and spring. With ample reserves of hay, oat straw, and roots the stock owner will face the sternest winter with equanimity. Abnormal snow storms in the higher altitudes and over- flawing rivers on the lower levels will hamper •'• the movement of stock, make the regular pre- vision of food difficult, and may even expose them to greater perils; • but the exercise of ordinary foresight will generally obviate serious , loss from dangers of this type. Even the most domesticated of our breds of cattle and sheep can show, when occasion requires, astonishing fortitude in withstanding searching climatic ,• conditions. They are not indifferent to the discomforts of an average winter, with its t changing temperatures, alternating rains and frosts, and recurring piercing winds, but, pro- vided they are well and suitably fed, they will „•:;• take little harm from adverse external condi- tions. An ample diet of wholesome, well-bal7 anced food will equip a healthy animal for the rigours of the severelt winter.

HINTS ON RICK FIRES. The following hints on rick fire prevention have been issued by the British Fire Prevention Committee :—Rick, fires aye cikus.ed ekther by spontaneous combustion or the ficks are set on fire in various ways from outside. In the for- mer case, the fire generally breaks out inside the rick, and water thrown on the surface does not penetrate sufficiently deep to put it out, but at the same time damages a portion of the rick which might otherwise be saved in a fairly good condition.• The judicious use of the hay cutting knife is the only way to locate the position of these fires; water must then be applied as the flames break out. When a rick is set on fire from the outside, if water is applied quickly it will generally prevent the fire from penetrating the rick. Cover up all adjoining ricks with cloths, blankets, &c. Remove all loose inflam- mable material, and especially clean up the ground, then place round on the sides exposed to the fire some protection in ,the shape of doors, sheets of galvanised iron, &c., and pour water on the top of the ricks so protected, and keep the coverings well damped. When the fire front either cause gets beyond control, the quickest way of dealing with it is to place a wire rope about 18in. from the top of the rick and then attach horses to the ends of the rope, pulling , the rick to pieces, repeating the operation as . often as necessary. Care must be taken to have ° water at hand to put out any burning material when it is thrown down, to quickly remove it away from the stacks, and to deposit it in small - heaps, so that, should any burning material have been missed, it will only endanger a limited ; quantity of the salvage. Buckets of water should always be available, and where spirit: used also buckets of sand.

No farmer ever was successful very long lie left tools out in the storm to shrink and Sly and grow rotten and worthless. CELERY LEAF SPOT FUNGUS. Judging from the samples of diseased celery 1 that I have seen, this fungus seems to be verl 4 common this year. The only remedy, if the ease has not got too firm a hold, is to pick oil tli the infested leaves and burn them, spraying toe others with Bordeaux mixture or an arainoir f iacal solution of carbonate of copper, which 19 k prepared in the following way :—Dissolve 107; 1 of carbonate of copper and 50z. of carbonate ammonia in a quart of hot water, then add 1; , gallons of water, and syringe the plants Wit_ this. If next year the disease shows itself tho , foliage should be at once sprayed with Bordea° .

mixture.

TAKING CARE OF MANURE. Heaps of manure ought not to have all the virtue washed out before it is put Ante tliet ground.- Yet how often does this occur. IQ cannot be wheeled on to the ground, then 'LI best way is to throw it all into a large heap all, make it very firiu. If this is watered freely, better still, liquid manure or household sl'rk: thrown over it, it will not only cause quic decay, but the value of the manure will be veil much increased. Quite raw manure is nriyf seldom dug in, but for heavy land especw that which is too rotten is of little value, that which is only about half decayed being the beB,l for this class of soil, as it keeps it open en_, permits the sun and air to penetrate and sweetv

IVY ON WALLS. Opinions vary as to the advantag‘.. or other wise of ivy growing on walls. To my thinking' a covering of ivy on a house wall is an tage, as in the first place if the walls are the moisture will disappear, as the ivy cosi., the surface, and secondly, if the walls are eia ready dry the ry will keep them so, as, sholl.ll they accidentally become damp, the ivy :c,,if suck out the moisture, and ,in the Vven''...,,711 driving rains the imbrication of leafage e prevent the access of moisture to the wall. Thes are advantages in favour of the ivY, regards the safety of the building the ca—tiln not so good. If there are any fissures iniater wall the shoots of the ivy will sooner or that find such and fill them up, with the mat the building will suffer. When a shoot or root

Continued in preceding column.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0119.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
IN THE GARDEN.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR HOMES.

Adult School Conference on

Housing.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
MEDICAL OFFICER'S SURVEY.

- The monthly fireside conference for the com- bined Adult Schools of the town was held at Stockton Heath School on Sunday afternoon. There was an excellent attendance to hear Dr. G. W. N. Joseph medical officer of health for the borough of Warrington) on the housing question.

THE ESSENTIALS OF THE HEALTHY HOME.

Dr. Joseph held his audience 'with his mas- terly survey of this (lifficult problem. Ile pointed out the importance Of having good sites for buildings, and showed how increasing atten- tion was being paid to the question of aspect. A restricted number of houses to the area would not alone provide satisfactory housing. • Ven- tilation was of great imporance, and die ar- rangements for food storage in the home ought to be planned by the architect with a view to healthy conditions of life. Too often larder accommodation was inadequate or unhygienic.

Few Empty Workers' Houses in the Town. After rapidly summarising the legislative enactments, from working-class housing up to the larger measures touching town planning, the Medical Officer mentioned certain local con- ditions. The unoccupied houses of Warrington below a rental of ss. had dropped from 332 in 1911 to 28 in 1914. Dr. Joseph was able to make some interna- tional comparisons regarding housing progress, and he pronounced in favour of the self-con- tained house wherever possible. Many difficul- ties were faced, such as the increased price of land and building materials, the necessity for housing men near their work, and the difficulty of supplying a decent house at an economical reiit which the general labourer could afford to pay. Altogether the address touched • suc- cinctly and •luciqly on the main problems.

BATH-TAX OF 3d. A WEEK. A number of questions were addressed to the lecturer, and opinions were very freely ex- pressed. There'seemed to be a very strong feeling that the water-carriage system ought to replace the present - sanitary arrangement s. Discussion specially- centred round the point of low wages and proper houses. Some thought the enact- ment of a minimum wage the only sound method of procedure. Others wanted good houses built, whether they paid their way or not., A few would have advocated a loss to '. the rates, if necessary. Evidently -there was .a strong feeling that the time had come for a forward move in the matter of building more houses in the town. One point raised dealt with the local tax upon cleanliness imposed by the extra water rate for houses containing a bath. One speaker referred to it as a tax of 3d. per week.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
IN PRE-RAILNI, AY DAYS.

When the Newspaper Was Not "In Time for the Breakfaist Table."

The lecturette at the Stockton Heath Adult School on Sunda week was given br Mr. It. Lanyard, who took as his subject : Glasgow in the old Coaching and Posting Days." The speaker gave a rapid review of the man- ner in which the mails were conveyed in the early .days, explaining that at one period the 'mail service between Glasgow and Edinburgh was maintained by a boy, who covered the dis- tance of upwards of 40 miles on foot. The carelessness in the carriage of mails in the old days was in striking ,contrast with the super- vision which was now exercised over their movements, and the discovery of lost mailbags on the roadside was no uncommon occurrence.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
Days of the Unoificial Postman.

Development of industry and the consequent growth of -population in the cities and towns demanded an improved means of communica- tion. For a considerable time, lichrever, the postal services left much to be desired, and for some time private individuals sent their com- munications under the seal of his Majesty's mail by illegal arrangement with certain postal offi- cials. The system was, however, end to by the action of certain toll-bar keepers, who demanded tolls from the mail coach drivers, on the ground of the illicit conveyance of private communications. Their position was vindicated in subsequent legal actions, and the practices were stopped.

Daily Papers 36 Hours Old. The story of the development of the stage conch as a means of communication was of con- siderable interest. In the early days of the coach the journey from London to Glasgow occupied a week. In the year of the Reform Bill the record was broken, and the ,London newspapers containing full reports of the Par- liamentary proceedings reached the Gallogate, i in Glasgow, n 361- hours-20 hours in front of the previous best journey. The journey between Carlisle and Glasgow was accomplished at a speed of eleven miles per hour—a remarkable speed, in view of the state of the roads in those days. Numerous incidents, pleasant and otherwise. in the experience of coach travel, were related by the speaker. The Bible lesson took the form of a continua- tion of the study of the life of St. Paul, and dealt with the Apostle's message. The discus- sion was thoughtfully opened by Mr. T. Brown, and the members followed up the arguments most profitably.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
SOME WORKING GIRLS LOSE TOO MUCH TIME

Two Girls Tell How To

Avoid It.

There is nothing that teaches more than experience. We therefore quote from the letters of two girls who suffered and were restored to health. The same remedy is within the reach of all. "Before taking the first bottle of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable CoMpound I suffered agony, but after your wonderful medicine had been taken awhile I felt a Little better, and after taking seven bottles of it I feel that I can truly say I have no more pain or inconvenience. " As I am out in the business world as a typist, I come into contact with many girls, and when the opportune moment arrives I tell them about Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and I know that quite a few are taking it." (Name on request.)

===== 0002601_19141226_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
Another Girl's Experience.

"I am a typist Ad book•keeper, and .ydia E. Pinkham's regetable Compound .as saved my life. I am enjoying the best of health now, but I was suffering from women's ills, and would have backache, ieadache and fainting spells." (Name on , request.) ,Writt..,-day for a free private book (to women only) to the Lady Manager, the Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co., 42a Hampstead Road, London, N.W. For 2s. 9d. she will send you a bottle of the Lydia E. Pinkham Vegetable Compound, or for 4s. 6d. a much larger bottle. Any ‘hemist will supply it at these prices.

am ... • .i .: V g:;:i.;''' 474) ;TT; • I:,:l'.fs'::. h. „ .. . ::::::'::::.:::: 4,..,,, • ....... :. :,:i.iiii:::::::::::: „..z,, • .i.::::::: ,:......:•::.,i;i::.:*. ...c.. .f.:::.::::i: tic • te to-r" '

===== 0002601_19141226_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
WAR AND CONTRACTS.

Education Committee Allow an Overcharge. TIMBER DEARER.

The question as to the effect the war had on building contracts was discussed by the War- rington Education Committee at their meeting on Monday, over which Councillor Roberts pre- sided. • • • The Sites and "Buildings Committee reco4- mended : " Thriti .on account of timber having been declared a contraband of war, the com- mittee agree to pay to the contractor for the Parr-street Council School all additional sum of £5O to cover the extra cost." _ . _

The committee, having considered tenders for work in connection with the erection of the Oak- wood-avenue Council School, decided :

(a) That the tenders of Messrs. J. Dolan and Son, Mr. J. Gibbons, Mr. W. P. Spencer, and •Mr. R. Walsh for the supply Of cloak fittings; and the tenders of Messrs. Elliott Ellis and Co., Messrs. Saunders and Taylor, and Mr. W. P. Spencer for the heating installation, be sub- mitted to the architect for examination, and afterwards lw jointly reportcd upon by the sur- veyor and the director; (b) that the following tenders be accepted, subject to the satisfactory compliance in each case with the terms and conditions of the respective specifications, viz.: Mr. R. Walsh, spray bath installation, .X 67 18s.; Messrs. Oates and Green, lavathries, &c., £175; Mr. O. Swift, glazed tiled dodoes, .t,884 18s. At the same meeting of the committee, a letter from Mr. Harry Fairclough, the Contractor for the erection of the Parr-street Council School, requesting consideration atthe close of the con- tract on account of the increased cost of materials to be supplied by a sub-contractor, was submitted, and it was resolved: "That the poll- tractor be informed that the question of any in- creased cost is one to be settled between himself and the sub-contractor."

Mr. C. Jackson Holmes moved the confirma- tion of the minutes and Mr. Cr. Walker seconded. Mr. •Jarmiln said they had no information as to whether the amounts in the resolution about Oakwood-avenue School ,exceeded the amount provided for in the contact, and if so, by how much. With reference to the paying of the ad- ditional ~1:50 for timber in connection with the Parr-street schools, lie would like to ask three questions: (I) What percentage the £5O was on the total amount of timber? (2) What quantity of timber had the contractor in store at the time of signing the contract? and (3) If he had no timber, in at all, would it be a satisfactory job to put green timber, that had not been stored, into a new school? Mr. Jackson Holmes: I am afraid r cajilot answer the questions. I have had no no,tice of them, and I have not got the information. Mr. Jarman : Lmove that the matter be re- ferred back. We ought to have the figures: before us before we commit ourselves.

Mr, Moore Murray (director of education): The quantities are sealed,- and we are not allowed to open them until such time als the final account is passed. The architect may have some idea of the amount. The Chairman asked Mr. Jackson Holmes if he would be Prepared to withdraw tie items referred to by Mr. Jarman. Councillor- Pemberton : That would be awk- ward for the contractor. Stuff is going up every day, and it would be another month before you could settle it. In ordinary times I would agree with Mr. Jarman, but we are living in times when there is a war, and we don't have a war every day. We all know that building materials have gone up, and are going up every day. I agree with Mr. Jarman that we ought to have these amounts, and I am plealed he has brought the matter forward. I cannot remember whether these_ are the provisional amounts or not. In regard to the question of paying the £5O, I think the committee were satisfied that it was a reasonable amount Mr. Fairclough loses on it.

Mr. Kingdon asked if, in view of the fact that they had granted MO to a contractor as an over- charge, they would .he secure even if the con- tracts were signed. • They had made allowances because of the war on other contracts. Councillor Pemberton : The reason Mr.- Fair- dough asked for extra money was that he could place his contract with his merchant.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
CONTRAbAND OF WAR.

Mr. G. Walker: lie price mentioned by Mr. Fain!lough was given in before the money was borrowed, and no contract could be signed until that money was borrowed. In the meantime timber has been declared contraband of war and gone up, and he feels, justly so. that he cannot accept the contract on the original fender he gave in six fer eight weeks ago. He asked the committee for a consideration, and I scarcely thought he would accept the committee's offer. I was pleased to learn he had done so, without any further responsibility on our part in regard to timber. This estimate was not based on de- tailed quantities, iind he wanted to order his timber with as little loss as possible. Mr. Kingdon seconded Mr. Jarman's amend- ment.

Mr. Jackson Ilohnes: I shoultl hardly like to take this back, as we have spent a considerable amount of time on it,, and time is pressing. The Chairman : Does your amenilment cover the increased cost of timber and the sums re- ferred to in connection with Oakwood-avenue School?

Mr. Jarman: I should like it to cover both. There are people now making a profit simply because war has been- declared. I do not sug- gest anything of that kind here, but prices have gone up in all directions for, no reason what- ever.

The Chairman : Timber has been declared contraband of war, and lies been raised in price. Mr. Jarman : Has he got any in stock? - Councillor Lindley: Ile had not; he had to purchase it. Speaking on the question of paying pie -050,

. _ The Mayor said: The cost price to the con- tractor was J. 184, but he said he would accept 450. It would be folly 0 keep sending this con- tract backwards and, forwards. Prices ate not going any easier, and it would be a serious matter for the town not to allow this to ,Stand. It is a very good bargain, and we thought he was meeting the town by losing £34 in order to get the job through. Mr. Kingdon said that in view of the fact that the sub-committee were satisfied, he would not care to vote for the • amendment. If Mr. Jarman would allow him, he would withdraw as seconder of the amendme,nt. The Chairman, said that as there was no seconder the amendment fell to the ground. The committee discussed at length the resolu- tion with regard to the letter from Mr. Harry Fairclough, and it was pointed out that the committee bad no arrangement with any sub- contractor, but that the arrangement was be- tween the contractor and the sub-contractor.

The minutes were confirmed, with the exeep- tion of an amendment on the question of sup- plying electricity to Oakwood-avenue School, which is reported in another column.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
PARCELS FOR "IRE FRONT. The Reason So Many Are Lost.

• The Postniaster-General I.llr. C. E., H. Hob- house) has issned through the Press an appeal for more care in the packing and addressing of parcels intended to be dispatched to soldiers at the Front. Mr. Hoiihouse paid an unexpected visit to the Parcels Office. He found that the great bulk of the parcels received there for the Expeditionary Force, which numbered some- thing like 30,000 a night, were properly addressed an' secured; An 'appreciable per- centage was; however, insufficiently addressed and inadequately- fastened. Parcels intende,l for men in the Artillery had only the name and regimental number of the man, with the addi- tion of the words " Royal Field . (or Horse,' Artillery." Unless the number of ie batftry is included in the address it is impossible to de- liver the par:iels. Another instance, of Arendt there were many, was a • parcel with- out a note - enclosed •• addressed to 294 cel without a note enclosed addressed to 294 Private T. Smith, Eritish Expeditionary Force. Here, again, both delivery and retern to the sender was equally impossible. The third example, only too common, was that Jf a parcel Packed in a thin cardboard box, Una ends of which had burst open heroic it renc:ied the I on- don Parcel Offide. The fourth typical case was that of a flannel shirt, addressed to an officer, wrapped in the thinnest possible brown Paper. The address on the paper ices destroyed, hut fortunately the label attached to it was pre- served.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
By G. B. BURGIN.

1-lave you ever spent a night, with a new [inner wrapped round you, in Christmas week on that bench upon the Thames Em- bankment—the one just opposite Cleopatra's Needle—where the wind comes down from the North Pole and mercifully endeavours to end the misery .of all poor social outcasts who have not the price of a "fourpenny doss"—.--in other words, a night's lodging? If you have clone so, it is an experience which, should you live through it, you will not readily forget. Most people, however, who have undergone it, do not live to do it again. Just about four nights before Christmas, as he shivered on the bench in question, Jimmie Cochrane was Oot troubling himself about whether he could forget such an ex- perience. What he did ask himself, how- ever, was whether he could live through it. That seemed to be the all-important point, and he was still endeavouring to settle it when the Benevolent Stranger, a fine portly figure of ,a man, came along.. "Hum!' he said, pausing opposite Jimmie's listless figure. "So this is the way England utilises strong young men like you! Let's 'em catch double pneumonia on the Thames Embankment."

"You needn't be quite so particular about ' double ' pneumonia. If I don't look , out, single will be quite sufficient," Jimmie said, staring with lack-lustre eyes at this opulent, well-fed, fur-coated being. "You look so comfortable in that fur coat I should think it would take a quadruple` pneumonia to have any effect on you." "Usual story? Drink, I suppose?" queried the Benevolent Stranger. "No, it isn't the usual story, whatever that may be. Have the goodness to go away and not ask impertinent questions," said Jimmie , angrily. But the ,Benevolent Stranger smiled and sat down beside him. Jimmie noticed that he carried a coat on his arm. .

"Better yut this on," said the opulent one. "It s only squirrel fur, but it's warm."

"I daresay it is, but , I'd rather .have the pneumonia than your offensive charity." "Offensive charity! My dear fellow, you're mistaken. Twenty years ago I sat on this same bench while the Christmas bells rang out. I • had been unfortunate, my partner bolted with all my money, when an old schoolfellow happened to pass just • as, I was resolving to make a hole in the water, and set me on my legs again. I vowed that if I ever succeeded in anything, I would come back here every Christmas and help the first man I met., This year, you arc the first man." •

"Just my luck." Jimmie cheerfully roused himi4elf as the Benevolent Stranger helped him on with the fur coat. "I thought it had deserted me." . _

"Oh, no, it hasn't; not by long way. You're all right, if you only knew it," the Benevolent Stranger said cheerfully. "Look in the right hand pocket, and you'll find a packet of sandwiches; look in the left, and there's a flask of sherry." "Thanks." Jimmy rapidly dived into the right hand pocket, fished out the sand- wiches, tore the paper off and swallowed half a one at a gulp, the Benevolent Stran- ger watching him with evident interest. "I beg your pardon for wolfing, down your food like this," said Jimmie; "but the fact is. I've had nothing to eat for twenty-four hours."

"Just so. Just so. And the most hope- ful fact 0-out the whole thing is that you began on the sandwiches and not on the flask."

"Why, of course. I've had nothing to eat for twenty-four, hours, as I've just told you." Jimmie • stared at the Benevolent Stranger. "What do you take me for? I may be 'down on my uppers,' but I don't drink; in fact, I haven't any vices except that of constancy." The Benevolent Stranger looked a .little puzzled. "Human nature's a queer thing. Do you mind telling me how you got. into this Mess?" "Not if you don't miud my having a nip of sherry first." "Of course. That's what it's for."

_ Jimmie's blue eyes (lie was a handsome young fellow of about five and twenty) twinkled as he unscrewed the top of the silver flask. "I'll give you the flask back when it's empty," he suggested, "but there's about half a pint of sherry here, and half a pint of sherry to a half-starved man might be fatal." "Oh, that's all right. The flask is a pre- sent to you. You're in for a sort of Christ- mas collection." "Then I'll have a couple of glasses and save the rest for to-morrow," Jimmie said cheerfully. "Ntiw, do you really want to know how I got into this mess?' "I shall be delighted to listen to you." The Benevolent Stranger lit a cigar. "Of course you'll have one when you've finished your sandwiches," "You're very good." Jimmie finished the sandwiches, drank his second glass of sherry, and received a remarkably fine cigar from the Benevolent Stranger. "Don't hurry," said the latter, as he gave Jimmie a light. "Now unfold your 'plain unvarnished tale. What's it all about? You're a gentleman ; any fool can see that. What's the trouble?" "The old story." Jimmie revelled in the cigar: D woman, in our hours of ease, Uncertain, coy, and hard to please, But seen too oft 4 familiar with her face, We first endure, 'then pity, then embrace." "That leaves me just as wise as before." "I'm ashamed of myself. It was but a momentary cynicism. I proposed to a girl who refused me, on the ground that I was unable to support a wife. So, to prove that she was wrong, and because I had been madly in love with her for years, I went out to Canada two years ago, and promised to be back at Little Pendleton the day before Christmas in order to spend Christ- mas Eve at her aunt's. That leaves mfie four clays in which to do it. I'm very fond of her, but she's what you call practical. When I said I'd come back to her, dead or alive, two years later to ask her again whether she'd -marry me, sho wouldn't be- lieve me. She's well off and has a keen appreciation of the good things of life. I was doing well in Yanconver when I sud- denly realised that the two years were nearly Up and that I must make a bolt for it if I .wished to get back to Little Pendle- ton in time." _ _

"I ace. What did your employer do?" "He blandly pointed to the door, and said that if 1 went out of it I need not trouble to come back, that this was his re- ward_ for .taking the side ' out of me."

"Well? ' "I was sorry for him, but I had to come." Jimmie took a long pull at his cigar and looked with concentrated disgust at a revolving whisky advertisement across the river. "I had just twenty pounds left when I landed at Liverpool. As I came down the Strand a week ago my pocket was picked; I didn't know anyone, no one would trust me, I couldn't even communicate with my friends at Little Pendleton. Money's all gone, but I thought I'd dodge the work- house for another night and chance it. That's my 'plain unvarnished tale.' It would take a lot of varnish to cover up the unexpected misery of it." "I see," said the Benevoleht Stranger. "What next?" "If you don't object to my popping' the flask at Attenborough's when I've emptied it, that will carry me on for a few days and 'help me to get to Little Pendleton." "Nonsense. I'd rather yoi kept it as a memento of our meeting. how about this g.ss• " Well, what about ker?" "You must see her again?" "Must see her againl Of course I must see her again. My dear sir, I crossed the Canadian Continent to seo her; I crossed the Atlantic to see her; I—" _ _

"Yes, I know. Thin you still love her?" "Of course I still love her; but -how can I keep my promise? I must keep it." "Your promise?" "Yes, my promise to come back and Chriattun E 770 with her hz Aro Tent('

rime. 1 cant go and die on ner aunts doorstep: it would annoy the local authori- ties so much. All my own people are dead, but the Vicar might give me a night's lodg- ing. I went to Canada to make a fortune. I've got the rights in a silver mine over there, but here the documents aren't worth the paper they're written on. There was a lawsuit about it, or I could have raised money on a part of my interest. If I'd stayed to fight the matter out I might have been a rich man. But I'd given my word to Ella Whimperys to come uv-r, and here am I in this fix. I'd like to g t hold of the man who robbed me and dump him down my silver mine. It's a bit rough on Inc to come back and be floored like this." "It is a bit rough on you," said the Benevolent Stranger thoughtfully. "You bet it's rough," Jimmie assented. "But you've cheered me up so that I'd almost forgotten the hole I was in. And I haven't even thanked you." . "Oh. we haven't finished yet," said the other thoughtfully; "the Christmas collec- tion is only just beginning. Life's quite sad, enough and bitter enough at ordinary times; but it's sadder and bitterer still at a festive time like this to be stranded with- out a ,penny in the greatest city in the world.'

"It is," Jimmie cordially assented. "It L.; "

"But I can sea that you're infernally proud." The Benevolent Stranger lit another cigar. "And it wouldn't be fair to the girl if von didn't keep your promise." "She wanted to test me."

"1 see. And if you fail to keep your word?"

"She'll probably marry -someone else. She's gloriously handsome, but a little hard. Her dear, sweet old aunt is just the re- verse, ,plain, but with the heart Of an angel." .

;''Well," the Benevolent Stranger got up, "we've. swapped stories, .Mr. "

"Cochranc---Jimmie Cochrane.'

"My name's Leadbitter—lforacc Lead- bitter. Now, look here, Cochrane, you must go to see the girl. It's only fair to her. here's twenty pounds. Call it a loan if you like till you get on your feet again. If you don't get on your feet again—but somehow I think you will —it doesn't matter. I'm a mtecessful City man and know something about mining. If you've sufficient faith in my honesty to let me go into this mine business for you, I'll see what can be done. But don't if you'd rather not„"

Jimmie hauled out his papers, scribbled a few lines authorising Leadbitter to act for him, and the latter produced a pocket-book and wrotp. out a formal receipt for them under the nearlet lamp. "If there's anything in it, I'll put myself in communication with the other cide to-morrow. Now, give me your address at Little l'endleton. You'll be there until after Christmas Eve, of course?" "Of course; the Blue Boar will find me."

"That's all right. Try the Spenser Hotel in Norfolk Street. It close by. Here's another card introducing you. I'll drop you. My motor's waltin.g lower down." "I don't know how to thank you," stam- mered Jimmie.

"Oh, that's all' right." Mr. Leadbitter pointed to the river. "I've never forgotten that if the other fellow hadn't come along, I should have made a hole in it. I always remember it--once a year. And I'll let you know as soon as possible if anything hap- pens about that mine." Five minutes later they entered the Spenser Hotel. "My friend has come up in a hurry," Mr. Leadbitter explained to the hotel clerk. "Just provide him with everything he wants. H&c.; my guest here"; and before Jimmy could remonstrate he walked lightly down the steps, jumped into his motor and was whirled away. "What -would you like first, sir?" asked the attendant as he showed Jimmie into a comfortable room.

"A hot bath and then a hot supper up here," said Jimmie, a little disbelievingly. "Cert'nlv, sir. The bath's in that side room." lie turned on the hot water and quitted the room, leaving Jimmie almost stupefied at this sudden change in his for- tunes. Jimmie walked to the window and drew aside the curtain. "Some poor devil's got my place on the Embankment now," he said sadly. "I ought to go out and give him a feed. I wonder what Ella Whimperys would say if 6he knew all I've gone through to keep my promise."

Miss Whimpays and her niece were wait- ing for Buscombe to announce dinner on Criristmas Eve.

"Jimmie was a dear lad and very fond of von, Ella," old Miss Whimperys said a iittle wistfully. "I felt sorry when you drove him away." "I know," the girl gaid softly, as She came across to her aunt and knelt down on the rug beside her. "He said such wild, mad, beautiful things to me that I couldn't help feeling sorry too." "And he hasn't even written? His mother was an old friend of mine, but of course, dear, if you couldn't love The beautiful, dark-eyed girl looked sadly into the sweet, wistful old face now bending over her. "It is so strange, auntie darling. I don't know what it all means. All the rest of the year I am hard and cold and worldly, and then just because those silly bells ring out with their silver tones, I—I—"

"What, dear?" "I begin to be almost as sentimental as you are. I can't help wondering what has become of Jimmie. Pe ivas quite right to go away." "Weren't you a trifle harsh to your old playmate?" Miss Whimperys sadly asked. The girl's eyes flashed. "I had to rouse him, auntie. If I hadn't been cruel to him he would have remained here on a miser- able pittance in the Bank all his life. Now perhaps—" "Perhaps he isn't living." The old lady wiped away a tear. "Or, it lie is living, I see him in a far off land, struggling against ill-fortune, poverty, a thousand hardships, and thinking perhaps a little bitterly of his former playfellow who sent him out into the world to 7--" "To become a tin.in, auntie,_ or—die." _

The old lady shivered and drew her fleecy white shawl a little more closely round her. "Ah, Ella, I have lived long. and this, of all times, is fraught with many saddening memories to me. Jimmie has been gone two years now, and we don't even know what has become of him.", "He has probably wedded some dusky savage and become a squaw man ' on an Indian Reservation." The girl tried to laugh. "I seem to see him sitting in a smok7 wigwam with his young barbarians on Ins knees, and—" The old lady held up a reproving finger. There, there, auntie, dear, I am ashamed to tease you so. You know that Jimmie pro- mised to come back for Christmas Eve in two years' time: and if he doesn't come—" "If he doesn't come! Did you ever know Jimmie break his word, even when he was a small boy?"

_ "Never, auntie." The girl's face grew frightened. "Perhaps—he--is--dead!" She gazed down upon her shimmering dress. There was a red rose in her black hair. Diamonds sparkled round her white throat. Her bosom rose and fell a • little stormily, then, without any warning, she buried her face in the old lady's lap and burst into tears. "I want to shut out the sound of the bells," she sobbed. "I want to shut them out They keep .saying that I bent him away. I put on , this dress again to-night in—in memory of him. It is the one I wore the night he went away. But he will not come. Ile has forgotten us, even if be is alive."

_ "I understand now why you have not married."

"Of course I haven't married, auntie," the girl said indignantly, as she dried her tears. "Of course I haven't married. Would it have been right after leading him to be- lieve---" • " What did you lead him to believe:"

The girl recoveretrher coñipure, 'drew a chair up to the fire and sat down opposite her aunt. .

"I don't quits know. Ton mustn't think me ridiculous, auntie. I've kept it all to myself for so long that it had to come out. 11+ hen the bells began ringing to-night, I remembered how Jimmie loved them, the funny things he'd make them say. And to- night they—they don't say anything funny. They make me hate myself now it is tcs, late." _ .

"But it won't be dinner-time for ten minutes yet." "I know, auntie, I know. Do yen think I haven't counted the minutes. That is why, as if the mere fact of my doing so could coax Jimmie back to me, I have had the table laid for three and put a white rose in his place. He always used to bring me a white one for Christmas Eve, but. I couldn't bear to wear a white one to-night. Now, it seems wicked to deck myself like this." _ _ .

Ella plucked the red rose from her jtair and was about to cast it into the fire when her annt gently restrained her, put back the red rose, and softly rearranged the girl's ruffled locks. "Jimmie would like to see you at your best. If you were not, and he did come, it would seem as if we had mis- trusted him." "Oh !" The girl drew away from the gentle touch of the white old hands. "You say this to comfort me, wlaen you know that my heart is—What's that, auntie? W- vvilat's that? I—l thought I heard a ring." She started to her feet, her colour coming and going, her Ups parted, her hands out- stretched toward the door, then drew back and sat down again. "You will make me as bad as yourself, auntie," she said, with trembling lips. "One would almost think to look at you that you really believe Jimmie will come back to-night." "I —think—he—will—come—back."

"You think? There is someone coming. It's only Buscombe to announce dinner." The old lady rose to her feet. "I heard voices. I heard—why, it is, it is! It's—" "Mr. Cochrane, madam," said Buscombe, in a husky whisper as be threw open the door. "Back from furrin' parts, God bless him." In another moment Jimmie was in the old lady's arms, then turned to Ella, !'ho =let him with both hands outstretched. "Kiss quick! Kiss quick!" rang out the bells. The girl drew back white as a lily, then crimsoned as Jimmie's lips gently met hers. "Nearly dinner time, isn't it. auntie" Jimmie asked with feigned nonchalance. "I said I'd be back in two years, and here I am." "Yes, my dear boy. You look so thin that I don't believe you've had a good dinner since you went away." "Not as good as yours," said Jimmie. "Now, I take you both in as usual. Do you know," he looked round the well-remem- bered room, "I feel almost like a ghost re- visiting—but that's nonsense. For what Bus. combo is going to let us receive I'm truly thankful. Don't cry into your soup, auntie; it—it only weakens it. Ah. if yell knew how often I've thought of this. I spent my last Christmas in a shack with two old Digger Indians." "Eat your dinner first and tell us all about your adventures afterwards," sug- gested Miss Whimperys. "The turkey is from the Horne Farm as usual. Ella has often been down to---" "Console him for what was coming.", gaily suggested the young man. "Once, or twice, I've known what was coming, but I hadn't anyone to console me." "You poor, ill-used mortal," Ella laughed. "Though you're really very thin and bronzed, you're twice the man you were when you went away." "I don't know." Jimmie paused reflec- tively as Buscombe whispered "Ock or shumpine, sir?" "Champagne, of course, Buseombe," said Miss Whimpervs. "Now, Ella, let us both drink to 'the dear boy's future happi- ness." Jimmie paled a little beneath his tan. "Don't do that," be said hastily. "Let us drink to Ella's future." "Ah, if it were the same thing," softly noirmared the old lady, but Jimmie's eyes were fixed on Ella and she did not look up. "You're not going to sit here by your- self," Miss Whimperys commanded when dinner was over. "Come into the drawing- room with us, and tell us all that you've gene through." "Thank you," said Jimmie gravely. "I'll tell you a little, and then it is good-bye and off again." "Nonsense." Miss Whimperys took his arm. "Buscombe, we will have coffee later —in about half an hour." She drew him into the drawing-room, shut the door, and stood benignantly regarding them both. "Now, Jimmie, your story." Jimmie told his story, plainly, simplY, omitting nothing. When he came to his adventure on the Embankment, the old lady began to cry, and Ella drew a little nearer to him. "So you see," he added very ouietly, "I have kept my word and come back to you, When I went away, I hoped to make pots of money to lay it all at Ella's feet. I am now expecting a telegram from Leadbitter, the man who made my coming here possible to-night. The day after we met, he cabled out to his agent in Vancouver to say that be was backing me. To-day, be expects to receive a cable from his agent with an offer for my rights from the rnan who is trying to rob me of the mine, and has promised to let me know the result to-night. There's someone knocking at. tho door now. Ella went to the door, opened it, and came back with a telegram in her hand. "If you had succeeded, Jimmie, what were you going to say to me—what did you come all this way to say to me?" "Something that I cannot say now in common decency until I know the contents of that telegram. I came back to keep my word to you, Ella. Now, lam worse off than when I went away. I shall have to borrow money to take me back again if the luck has gone against me. Would you mind opening the telegram for nre? not a coward, but I daren't do it." The girl came closer to him, her great eyes shining. "I want you to tell me before I open this telegram what you once told me when you went away." •"You don't know what you're :Asking. You know how madly, how truly, I worship you, Ella." _ .

"Is that a proposal. Jimmie?" "Don't tempt me, Ella. Don't--" "Is it a proposal, Jimmie? Answer me?" She came a little nearer to him. "Do you still doubt me?"

"I have never doubted you. If you are content to risk it, I ask you to be my wife.' Ella turned with a magnificent. gesture. threw the telegram into the fire, and atched it shrivel away. "That is my answer, Jimmie. That is my answer. How could you have the heart to leave me !" and, sobbing, fell into his outstretched arms. "Kies quick 4 Kiss quick !" rang out the bells.

"My children! My dear, dear children !" said the old lady softly as they knelt to re• eeive her benediction.

.0-0 Wit.o4lol 4- 4. DI VI 141: 14$0-0 + + + +

===== 0002601_19141226_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
A CHRISTMAS COLLECTION

THE 'IAX ON BEER.

Breller Traders to Appeal for

Substantial Reduction.

The following resolution was passed at a meeting, in Manchester, of the North of Eng- land section of the Allied Brewery Traders' Association, consisting of 743 members,. repre- seating over eighty industries and trades supply- ing the raw materials and appliances used in brewing : " While recognising the abnormal financial requirements of the nation, this meeting views with alarm the operation of the increased beer duty, which the Chancellor of the Exchequer estimates will reduce the consumption of beer by 3.5 per cent. By such reduction widespread loss of capital and unemployment has already been caused in agricultural, manufacturing, and productive industries supplying goods to brewers. "As the new taxation has undoubtedly re- sulted in much greater loss than the Chancel- lor's estimate allowed for (notwithstanding his statement that ' the Government propose to levy no taxes that will interfere with any produc- tive business '), this meeting invites the assist- ance of members of the association with a view to presenting a full statement of their case to the Chancellor to induce him to entertain a eouslderable rechwtiou of the tuz."

===== 0002601_19141226_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
Landing of our Troops in France

IN TWO PARTS.

: !WAAL ' RECORD No. 6681 i, Price I /6

SENSATIONAL DESCRIPTIVE REALISM.

.--.. dr *77,' .:"=.9nlirrA,.,--44-.- , , ';4-48-• ..7..Y;Tr.;,`,•Z-Zi:',;• cAs—:` --.. •)4 .e--- N. cy \•••4; • ~A : % r .1„....„, ~ ..

===== 0002601_19141226_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
JOTTINGS BY AN OLD JOURNALIST.

' " Florence Nightingale." What I read of the extraordinary and exceed- ingly gratifying socUess of the admirable let- tore on this subject sent me afresh to the sec- tion concerning the "Lady of the Lamp" in "Prophets, Priests and Kings." That emin- ently readable work is by Mr. A. G. Gardiner, in whose character sketches I have long taken great delight, and who, by-the-bye,. has lately administered a timely and well-deserved rebuke to the head of our mischievous Yellow Press- - a mild way of putting it, indeed, for ire meta- phorically "mopped the floor" with him. In the writings reproduced in such, convenient form by "A.G.G.," Florence Nightingale has a remarkable plea for flowers, in the course of which she says: "I have seen in fevers the most acute suffer- ing produced from the patient in a hut not , .being able to see out of a window. . . . I re- - member in my own case a nosegay of wild flowers being sent me, and from that moment recovery becoming more rapid. People say that it is the effect on the Natient's mind. It is on the patient's body, too,

-

V iv isectlon. The discussion as to this, revived at a meet- ing of the Wycliffe Brotherhood by an. expert opponent of the practice, strikes me as prac- tically interminable. On the one hand, it is readily enough conceded that vivisection, unac- • conipanied by pathological investigation, is not merely useless but vicious. The claim is that a combination of these methods forms the best means of elucidating the mysteries of disease; that medicine owes to vivisection a great deal Of ' its most accurate knowledge—that physiology; which is at the root of both Tiranches of the science, has, by such practices, discovered many important truths. On the other band, the question whether these experiments on living animals have or have not led to the aevisition of useful knowledge does not so much interest antagonists, their opposition being based on the broad moral ground that the infliction of pain on any sentient creature, unless for its own ad- vantage, is wrong—that, ip short, as the late Sir Wyke Bayliss expressed it, whether it is eon- •_ venient to be cruel has no more to do with the ! matter than whether it is convenient to be a Dar, or pleasant to be a libertine. The vivi- sectionists'. plea of justification is based wholly on the ground of utility—in our own country, that is, for on the Continent the pursuit of knowledge has all along been frankly considered • sufficient to warrant all _possible means of at- tainment—but opponents hotly repudiate the claim and denounce it as entirely fanciful. Still, somehow, we seem to get no " forrarder." Life Assurance. Last week's reference to the "Pru." set me thinking of this subject. Years ago I was par- ticularly struck by an article in "Home Notes:. the writer of which, taking for granted that a married man should insure his life, addressed himself chiefly to the question: "Do men in- sure for as much as they should?" His conten- tion was that in the majority of cases the 'amount so reserved is absurdly small. For my- self, in only a solitary instance have I known, . one 'err by going to the opposite extreme—that of a village clergyman who was so heavily in- sured that the payment of the premiums on his policies left the family too little for necessaries, and did harm to their reputation with the trad- ing community. Personally, I Tiae all along been handicapped by bad health, being long treated by insurance companies as a "bad life," and finally rejected altogether. Quite a quarter of a century ago I was warned that I had only about six months to live; but here I am still. There has not been a siirgle week's break in* our relations since my first contribu- tion to these columns, and I hope to continue to rely on the kindly forbearance of my very in- dulgent "Examiner" friends for many more happy years. As to my main point, my belief in life assurance remains firm and immovphle, and I envy those who are able to pass the essen- tial and reasonable medical test and to take advantage of the facilities nowadays offered by the Prudential and other great companies. Weather Note.

The one in last week's issue suggests another. When I was editor of a weekly paper in a dis- tant part of Lancashire, a gentleman often .sent me charts, Jct., purporting to .3foretell .the • weather for a year or so ahead ; but of course I never tOok that particular prophet very seri- ously. There is one point that is well worth considering. Elderly people are .constantlY say- ing that the seasons are changing, and really I should myself be disposed to supliort that opinion if my investigation of the subject had rot rendered such position untenable. Some years ago Sir J. W. Moore specially examined every existing record from the fourteenth cen- tury onward, including the observations taken continuously at Greenwich over the last 140 years or so, and demonstrated beyond cavil at there was no evidence at all in favour of the supposed gradual change. To qubte trom his own address at the ensuing meeting of the Brit- ish Association: The facts prove that within the last three centuries, at all events, no appreciable change has taken place in, the climate of the British . Isles. There is no scintilla of evidence to show that such change has taken place in the past or is likely to take place in the future." As one commented on the occasion, our climate is erratic, but over a long term of years remarkably constant.

"The Messiah." Now that so many local choirs are Once more manifesting their allegiance to Handel (an Anglo-German be it remembered), I will run the risk of confessing that in my judgment his Christmas masterpiece is fairly entitled to its indisputable supremacy in the realm of oratorio. Here we .have majestic grandeur allied with technical simplicity, so that the least preten- tious ef choirs fearlesidy enter the lists with more capable bodies of exponents, and in all conditions and circumstances the common people hoar gladly the beauties invariably re- vealed, whether the performers be more ad- vanced or the attempt be of the less ambitious • character. Despite the passing of the years. this monumental work not only retains all its freshness, but is assured of ever-deepening regard and wonder. Well may Handel's mighty genius arrest the indifferent, win the approval of the scholarly, and confound the hypercritical. Not " Made in Germany." • In giving readers the season's greetings, I may just state that during the week I have spent some time in looking into that matter of" the • borowed nature of our annual feast," referred to in last week's paragraph headed "One- to our Allies." I think it has been too readily assumed that, because the late Prince 'Albert in- troduced it to England, the Christmas tree owes its origin to Germany. The custom in question is older than Germany and than Christianity itself. I have traced it to ancient Egypt, from whence the Romans borrowed it; in fact, like - many others, it belongs to Paganism. My space is going rapidly; if I had room left for details; I think I could further prove without difficulty that, while undoubtedly the patron saint of Russia, Saint Nicholas, was commemorated in ! England hundreds of years ago as the children's patron; that the early Dutch settler.; in America carried the custom with them, and that Santa Claus—Father Christmas as secularised by us— came to us again direct from our Transatlantic cousins. Moreover, although evolved from the old French cosogne. the modern Christmas ' cracker, with its endless variety and triumphs of skill and ingenuity, is incontestably British.• . Again, the turkey comes to us, not from Turkey as is too commonly imagined, but from America. and the kiss (not under the mistletoe, thongh) is first mentioned in literature by an ancient . Indian poet. And .94 I might go on. Here, in a nutshell, is what I would fain enlarge upon Round Christmas Day, established in the 4th century to commemorate the birth of 3"-- Christ, and of set purpose but without hist warrant fixed for December 250, there gat). gradually all the customs and observances the Roman festivals of December and New - Year, and the task orilie Church was to purl y -.4.; these heathen customs and give the.m..11"., pos- sible, a religious, i.e., a Christian signi.fi Lance. Boom was found for every-filing, but the aim was to render every observance innocent, if not actually an act of good-is-ill and self-denial, as many of them are. Songs, presents, feasts, de- corations, the cheery fire on the beartli— all have come over into the Christian Christmas of , ' modern England from the heathen world of• , ancient Rome. The Germanic peoples had none of these customs previously, but learned them tom the Rome iu heath= times.

I ,

I

!e'

===== 0002601_19141226_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1914.

think you will Una you aro wrong there! He proceeded to relate anecdotes of warm welcomes accorded returning exiles of his own acquaintance. When he paused for breath—

"Well, there is 'perhaps one who will re- member me," the younger man said, and inauired with t certain diffidence of manner whether his companion by • any chance knew a Mr. Marlow, a West Indian merchant.

"No," was the reply. Then: "Not Mar- low of Marlow and Loekyer? " "You know him?" eagerly. "Not personally, but---" The older man hesitated, looking grave. "Don't tell me he is dead!

"I have not noticed a death under that name lately; but, as I said, I do not know Mr. Marlow personally, nor have I had any dealings with the firm. My business is of quite a different nature." The speaker rose, as if eager to depart. "One moment, sir, if you please. You seem to know of something which you shrink from telling me. I beg you to tell " "H'm ! h'm ! I'm sure I had no desire to pain you. This is extremely awkward for me; and, after all, I may have been misin- formed. You are a friend of this Mr. Mar- low's, and I would rather you did not ask me to—to---" '"I would rather know the worst. Is it something to do with the firm? " . The sociable member bowed and looked miserable, " I can only tell you what I heard on 'Change the day before I left Lon- don, ten weeks ago—and the report may have been false." "What did you hear?" "That the firm of Marlow and Lockyer was shaky—on its last legs, in fact."

n. tong minute passed ere Lockyer raised his head. Emotion had wrought new lines on his face. "Tho money you have offered me, Mr. Dennison," he said very slowly, "would save me • "It was honestly come by," returned Dennison quietly. "I have had some fortu- nate deals in land out there." "For Heaven's sake don't misunderstand me! I can't take it—because--eleven years ago I—l would have sent you to jail." "But you thought better—more kindly— of it," said Dennison almost cheerfully. Ile came up to the desk. "May I use oue of your pens? " "Dennison, I can't let you do it. humbled to the dust." • "No, sir. You are lifting me from thau. I'll go back to the Argentine a new man." "You go back soon?" Lockyer spoke absently. "To-uight. Sail from the Clyde to-mor- row." Lockyer appeared •to wake up. "But you have just arrived." The younger man reddened. "Found a cable recalling me." He stooped and wrote across the back of the draft and passed it over to Lockyer. What man, worried almost to death, 'could reject the salvation expressed in that oblong of green parer?, "As a loan, Dennison, as a loan," he said huskily, weakly. "Very well, Mr. Lockyer. I'll send you my Buenos Aires address when I get there. I'm making a change." Dennison spoke hurriedly, looking uncomfortable. "Didn't expect to return there so soon, you know. Now, sir, if you will do me the honour to shake hands—"

man, why should I take this money?" cried Lockyer. "Why should you (rive it?" Dennison's faint smile came again. "It's Christmas Eve," he replied. "That's what Mr. Marlow said to me, eleven years ago."

===== 0002601_19141226_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
TWO CHRISTMAS EVES

[ALL RIGUTS R

As the door of the private room closed behind tho young man with the white face, twitching lips, and bowed shoulders, the Junior partner of Marlow and Lockyer, West India merchants, let out a half- strangle A oath. "Mari' 6w, you're a soft-hearted fool !" lie said harshly. "If ever there was a case for prosecution you had it yonder. I held my peace because of your seniority, but—Pah !" lie broke off in disgust and flung himself back in his chair, fumbling at his cigarette case.

The senior partner was wiping his eyes. "I couldn't do it, Lockyer • I simply couldn't do it," he said unsteadily, though not apologetically. "I couldn't ruin a young fellow so utterly at the beginning of his career—nor could you." "Me?" snapped Lockyer. "But for you he would have been on his way to the police- station by now. I draw the line at encou- raging dishonesty." "But—he confessed."

"After he realised that he was suspected! I tell you, Marlow, it,. was our duty to have him punished." " Ah, Lockyer," said the older man with a sigh, "don't be afraid that he won't be punished. Think of the shame—the struggle —before him. Where can he find employ- ment without a character, without a refer- ence? I'm bitterly sorry for Dennison. I always liked the boy." "Von always liko everybody. You have no discrimination, no judgment. The wonder is that you have not . been swindled • right and left." 'Mr. Marlow did not • seem to hear. "Ldekyer," he said softly, "it is Christmas Eve."

The junior partner—a man of -five and thirty—gave a short laugh. "I was won- dering when you were going to mention that most extenuating circumstance! Unfor- tunately, to my plain mind, crime on Christ- mas Eve is just the same as crime on any other afternoon." "That is very true," the other sadly ad- mitted. "But if one cannot be merciful on Christmas Eve—eh, Lockyer?,!' Lockyer, lighting his cigarette, merely grunted impatiently. "What is to happen to the boy?" Marlow whispered. Abruptly he rose, stepped \to the door, and opening it an inch stood listening. "Feel like giving,' him a, ten-pfmnd-note and your' blessing? Mr. Lockyer ironically enquired. The elder man winced, but did not retort. Presently he increased the opening of Vie door and peered out. The office was dimly lit by a single light. The staff had left an hour ago—all save the disgraced young clerk. And he was depart- itlfr, now, after having collected a few per- sonal belongings from his desk. His hand was groping, seemingly, for the hancEe of the door—the familiar door which was about to shut him out for ever from tbe place he had enlered three years previously, se full of youthful ambition, so determined to satisfy his employers. Something like a sob escaped his labourino. breast. As his fingers at last turned the handle the senior partner came quickly a.iong the passage. "Dennison," he said in a husky whisper, "what are you going to do?" The young man shook his head, itnable to utter a word.

"I —I can't let you go like this," said Marlow. "Will you come back here .in hai- an-hour? I wish to speak to you—in private. Promise me you'll come back." With an effort the young man controlled himself and spoke. "Let Inc go, sir." "Promise me you'll conic back—iu half- an-hour. I shall be alone then." . There was a pause. "Very well, sir. I promise." •

Concerning that interview in the deserted office, amid the stillness of Christmas Eye.. Mr. Marlow would fain have kept silence, but he could not refuse to answer the (Ines.-- tions of his partner when the latter rc-- turned from his holiday. , "Believe me, Lockyer," lie .said gently, "Dennison is truly repentant; but apart from that, he has a mother—"

-^ fortune as po.,sible. No; I could

t 0,,. if ' Sic);

toney to spare ipted Lockycr.

Was a ..111,-arlow, how him?"

,

waoted to give the thov • ail Imo—

By J. J. BELL.

- 111.

-

to make a ttesh etart.' i "How much?" "It would have been no use his going abroad with nothing behind him. And then it—it was Christmas Eve. Of course, I drew the cheque on my personal account." The older man stammered in his speech. "I'd rather you didn't ask—"

"In the circumstances I - think I have a right to know, Marlow. . . flow mud) did you give Dennison?" "A —a hundred pounds." -"Good God !" said the junior partner.'

But for all the uncongenial natures of its partners the firm of Marlow and Lockyer went on and prospered. Perhaps the diffe- rences in temperament, the clashing of ideas, were providential in a way. A mere onlooker would have said that they were. Certainly there were occasions when the hard head of Mr. Lockyer—to leave his heart out of the question—seemed needed to balance the daring mind of his senior; for Mr. Marlow was by no means averse from speculative transactions which, it must nevertheless be admitted, generally turned out on the right side. Still, if Mr. Lockyer lessened the probable gains by putting on the break, he also lessened the possible losses, and he was a man who always looked first to the latter.

"I happen to have a wife and young children, he would remind his colleague; but this was perhaps more an excuse than a reason, for he had been born cautious. Moreover, he knew that the argument ap- pealed to the 'older man as no other argu- ment of his could be expected to do. Very well," Marlow would say, good- humouredly; "we'll reduce the present stakes; but all the same, Lockyer," he would add, "we have got to take risks—big risks—in this concern of ours. I've been in. it longer than you, and I know. Things are going easily at present, but there will be years—as there have been years in the past—when no risks will simply spell no business."

Lockycr, howeer, had convineed himself that his partner was wrong that satisfac- tory profits might always be secured with- out any extraordinary hazards. And this was the rock on which—though neither sus- pected it for years—the partnership was des- tined to split. Yet the collision -might have been longer avoided, or altogether averted, had there been only a litt' sentiment and sympathy on Lockyer's part. There are men who will not—or cannot—give something for nothing, who regard as fools and weaklings those that do so. Again and again Lockyer would have quarrelled outright with Marlow .had the latter failed in soft answers. Now it was the case of an elderly clerk who ought to be got rid of because a third part of his salary would pay for the same work done better by a young man; now that of a young clerk who .had cost the firm money through a stupid blunder which merited no- thing but dismissal; now that of an agent of the firm on a West Indian island, who begged home-leave three months before it was due, lest he should not see his father alive—an unjustifiable request, considering that the agency had not yet begun to pay. But the cases over which the partners differed need not be enumerated here. They occurred frequently, and the accompanying friction did not decrease with repetition. Lockyer became more and more irritated by what he termed Marlow's unbusinesslike methods; Marlow began to experience an in- creasing sense of disgust at Lockyer's ;ap- parent lack of common humanity. Something like a crisis was reached on a certain morning, nearly seven years from the date of our first meeting with Marlow and Lockyer. Ma.rlow looked up from a letter consisting of a few lines which he had taken from an envelope bearing a foreign postmark. His countenance was radiant. _ _

"Lockyer ! What do you think of this? I've heard from Dennison at last!" "Dennison? Who is—oh, you mean the thief." The other winced. "Let that be forgotten. I always believed he would redeem himself." , "Has he written to say so?" "He has returned the firm's money, and the money that I gave him—with interest!" cried Marlow in a ' tone of triumph. "Now what have you to say?" Lockyer gave his shoulders a shrug. "Let us hope he came by it honestly," he said coolly. "Does he mention its source?" Marlow made a movement as if he had been stung. "Confound you!" • he ex- claimed, "are you as devoid of justice as you were of mercy? Won't you give Denni- son any credit at all?" "If you wish me to do so, I'll see that he gets credited in the books against the record of his , defalcations." The older min drew in big breath. He restrained himself with difficulty. At last he said: "Lockyer, if Dennison were to enter this room now, what would you do?" "Give him a receipt for the money." "Nothing else?" "What else should I give him?" "Your hand, your goodwill--" "Oh, rot, Marlow ! It isn't Christmas Eve, you know ! " Marlow's countenance flushed red and went pale. "Lockyer," he said pasiionately, "you're .a fool—a heartless fool !" Which was scarcely the criticism expected by the junior partner. Six. months later came the split. There was no quarrel. Marlow mildly declared that he had had enough of non-speculative, humdrum business. Ile would retire, and spend the next few years of his leisure in seeing the „ world. Lockyer did his liest to conceal his gratification at the rzospect of running the business alono undcr the old name, but by no means on the old lines. They. parted on quite. amicable terms. They would in all probability not ii ieet again. The last ties were severed by tale paying out of the retiring partner's cal 41 al. Mar- low had suggested that this mig lit be done by instalments, but Lockyer, t irsting for independence, found the largo sam required by borrowing it.

The most sociable member of the Argen- tine liner's passengers hr,d cornered the most retiring member in the smoke-room. "I have just had it from the ca. ptain him- self," he announced, dropping upon the divan, "that we shall poiltively b in Lon- don on the morning of Caristmas Eve!" " "Indeed!" murmured the retiring mem- ber, laying down his book and endravouring to look pleased. His age nii;lit ha ln3 been a little over thirty, an d he oxidently desired to be courteous to the intruder, mho was apparently his senior by a score of years. "Indeed ! ) he repeated, then Seemeill lot a loss for further comiersation.' The other, however, had plenty to say for lt 'mself; After a fvw congratulatory remarks on the liner's, speedy Passage, he fell to asking questions. "Going home for good?" "For six months, at any rate:" "Alt! Haven't mud° up your mind about settling at home? " "Not Quite." "Just so, just -so. Are you a. Loneioner?” "I was." "Jim! I see. You have been abroad for some time, Hour long have you hem i the Argentine?" "Eleven years." "Dear me ! . But you have heed home at intervals?" .

"This is my first trip hoine." well; you'll see softie eh anges in , London, I can tell pitt----imAlie street s, at all events.. Your people are in London„ I sapH pose? " The younger man shook liise heitd. "I am not sure that 1 shall fin/ 1 any Irk.nds in I London," said sle.y. any any mother's death a few years ago, n y .two brothers-- my only relatym4 in Loi ,don-- went to Canada. On is apt to be for otten by friendJ and acquaintz.nceg in the c ourse cf 'eleven years." "Coo. C0112.e," said tlrl, °tiler briskiri

;.+24 MERCED.] +: v. • , MKI + 'OA + ,+ + + + +

"An invalid, bedridden mother, no' doubt!" was Lockyer's dry remark. "And. he was her sole support, I suPpose." Marlow flushed slightly. "No; I didn't ' gather that she was an invalid, and he in- informed inc that be has two brothers who are able to keep her in fair comfort. But. Lockyer, think of the awful wrecking of happiness and hope that would have taken place had .he gone home with the news of his—his disgrace. .. . And on Christmas Eve, too! For God's sake don't laugh, man! Can't we have one night in the year when there is real peace on earth---,-" The other did not laugh, but his voice was cold. "A beautiful sentiment, Marlow, but I can't rise to it. You might as well tell me that a bill need not be paid because it happens to fall due on the 24th of December! However, I daresay you would have treated Dennison in similar fashion had. he been found guilty on the Ist of April!: Well, I suppose it is no use arguing the, point, my friend, but if we all had your ideas, dishonesty would soon be at 'a,. premium.' The senior partner held up his hand. "I' ought to tell you that I begged Dennison to say nothing to his people. In his misery and shame he was about to confess every- thing." "And what else did you do to make things easy for him?" "I suggestel that he should tell his people that Marlow and Lockyer found. it necessary to decrease their staff, and---‘" "Oh, Lord!" exclaimed the junior partner. "What next? By the way," he asked. abruptly, "has the case no redeeming feature? Did ,not Dennison take the £75 to. help a friend, or something of the sort?" Marlow hesitated, then shook his head. "Fir sorry I can't say 'yes' to that. Ho told me he' Shad got into difficulties simply through personal extravagance. One moment, Lockyer! It would have been easy enough for him to have blamed it on a friend. My hopes for his. future rose when he offered no excuse." t • "And you forthwith presented him with a certificate of good character, I suppose?" "You go too far," said the older man, angered. at last. But his voice softened in the next sentence. "Lockyer, I have neither wife nor child, and I can only imagine the feelings of a father. But you have a peaceful home, with little boys and girls, and you are fresh from the experience of a happy Christmastide. Would you willingly have any young man ruined, any home blighted---" ' "Sentiment,, sentiment, Marlow!" Lock- yer sat up. "I tell you that. if a son of mine did what Dennison has done, I—"- "Don't say it, my friend!' Don't even imagine it! You don't • "know what von would do. Try now simply to believe that Dennison is being puniehed, though not by the law. It is right that the law should punish, yet I am convinced that there are times when humanity is above the law— times when humanity stirs the conscience, Whereas tho law would merely kill it. At any rate. Lockyer, don't judge my action in this matter just yet. Wait and see what happens to Dennison." The other shrugged his shoulders "I think we shall hear of Dennison again," continued Marlow. picking up a paper-kele and toying with it. "I advised him to try hi- abroad—to go as soon not give him fvefeee.rences vs ntroductions. I could not reignonsible for him to other people. "lia" his people got' the me,. B.end him abroad?" interrupted •I • • fraid not. But---" QU es He sT-iiifs-'l—sythalsell"mcii 11 cle)ite pedt -nottive: ent.eret's.l3l-t. 1:111:11111i8.?' ir7d6llC CS: r cyc" There short silence - much moucy tut! • give

===== 0002601_19141226_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
IV.

In the dusk of the 24th 'of December Mr. Lockyer emerged from the portals of n great bank. He looked the crushed and beaten man lie was. The manager of the bank, sincerely regretful, for the busines.s relationship had been long and friendly, had blasted his last hope. The bank could not extend further credit, and the heavy bills payable on the 27th would be dishonoured. After that—bankruptcy. To a modern business many things may happen in the course of three years. The history of Marlow and' Lockyer over that period, would mean a long story. Enough to say that Lockyer, handicapped by his initial borrowing, had found the first two years so profitless that he had dropped his principles and entered desperately into big risks. But a certain genius is required for successful speculation, and that genius seemed to have quitted the business along with Marlow. The hazards of Lockyer resulted in nothing but :disaster.

He was alone in his private room—alone on the premises. The clerks—their number reduced since Marlow's time—had gone an hour ago, the youngsters in holiday mood, the elders vaguely uneasy. Lockyer trusted ni one with his secrets, but such things leak out, and his manner on his return from , the bank had been very strange. He sat at his desk, motionless, his head in his. hands. There was nothing to detain him there. He was simply afraid to go home. Ile had kept his wife in the dark regarding his affairs. The younger members of his family—the oldest, a girl was not yet six- teen—were having a pay that evening. How could lie face them all? He felt that the mere sight of him would blight their happiness. My • God!" he whispered, "what a hideous thing to happen on Christmas Eve! His tired mind went back to its feverish, futile search—the search •that had occupied it throughout those recent torturing weeks— the search for a way of escape, for the name of some fellow being who might possibly be induced to lend a helping hand. But it was only another spasm of vain beating against the' bars. There was no way out; there was no fellow being who would aid—save, per- haps, one, Marlow. Surely Marlow would do it—if only because it was Christmas Eve. But Marlow was still wandering abroad, Lockyer knew not where. His senses dulled by his mental misery, Lockyer scarcely heard the opening of the outer door. When footsteps drew near the private room he did not stir. A clerk re- turned for some article forgotten—the char- woman—it Mattered not. But when a knock fell on the door, he sat up, groped for a pencil, and feigned to be busy. He mois- tened his lips and got out the words "Come in."

A stranger entered; a man still young, well-dressed, but apparently ill at case. "I beg your pardon," lie said, halting awkwardly just within the threshold,"" but I saw the light in the window, and I was anxious to have a word with Mr. -Marlow." He paused, paling -a little as he met the curious dull stare of Lockyer's eyes. "Has Mr. Marlow gone home? I should like very much to find him to-night." Lockyer cleared his throat. "Mr. Marlow is abroad. I do not know his address." "Abroad!" The word was charged with dismay. "Can you tell nio when he will return?" The question came after another pause. "I cannot." The stranger sighed. "I had hoped," he said softly, "to offer—to do Mr. Marlow a little service. I arrived from Buenos Aires but an hour ago. The steamer was delayed at the last." "May I ask who you are?" Lockycr had been asking himself who the stranger, faintly familiar, might be, but his over- wrought memory had offered no answer. The stranger sighed again. "Don't you remember Dennison, Mr. Lockyer?" "Dennison?" "The thief on whom you ,had such great mercy, eleven years ago' this very night?" "Mercy?—l? " "You, Mr. Lockyer. Ah, Mr. Marlow told me how you sacrificed your principled to bo lenient and how you joined with him in giving me that hundred pounds—" "Stop!" For a moment Lockyer's pallid countenance was scarlet. "I see, you don't wish me to refer to it, said Dennison. "Well, my thanks. would never give you any idea of my gratitude." "You owe me no gratitude." Dennison smiled faintly. "Nothing Fan can ever say," he said gently, "Will con- vince me of that. But now I can say in you what I wished to. say to Mr. Marlow. I had Mr. Marlow first in my mind because he was senior; and also, perhaps, because he-- shook hands with me that night. I er't tell you what that meant, Mr. Lockyer.' There was a silence. The ruined man made as if to rise. What was he now that he should refuse his hand? Had he been so very honest in the risking of other people's money? Legitimate business, no doubt—but could it be called absolutely straight? He sank back in his :.chair. At least he •seed not act the hypocrite. "I must repeat," he said stiffly, "that you owe me no gratitude—quite the reverse." Once more Dennison smiled faintly and ‘hook '.his, head. "As you will, sir. But I know what Mr. Marlow told me. And now—"' "I ought to have 'informed 'you that Mr. Marlow is no, longer a member of this firm. He retired more than three years ago." "Retired! Then he is not involved—l beg your pardon, Mr. Lockyer. It may seem impertinent, but is—is everything well and prosperous with him?" "I have no reason to doubt it, Mr. Denni- son. He left the firm at the height of its prosperity." Lockyer was writing errati- cally on the blotting-paper. "At the height of its prosperity," lie muttered. "Height of its prosperity." He had become ghastly. "Height of—" "Mr. Lockyer, you're ill!" cried Denni.

son. _ "I'm perfectly well—perfectly well—per- , fectly—' Dennison took a step forwald. "You are in great trouble. On board the steamer I heard—no, never mind that. But if You can tell me a little, perhaps--" Lockyer pulled himself together. "What id you hear on the steamer. Then he collapsed again. "Oh, what does it matter? It'll Le in the papers in a few days. We suspend payment on Friday." Dennison's lips quivered slightly as he looked down on the bowed head of the man whom he counted a benefactor. He took an envelope from his pocket. "Mr. Loekyer," lm said shyly, "this is a draft on the Bank of England for eight thousand pounds. I will endorse it to the firm. If it should prove sufficient to saVe your credit, find happiness in the thought till the end of my life. I beg you to accept it."

' I

===== 0002601_19141226_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
New Books.

Belgian Poetry, including Verhaeren. The Walter Scott Publishing Co., Ltd. 11- net. This book is a collection of • modern Belgian verse, selected and translated by Mr. J. Bithell, who bas furnished the reader with a very inter- esting introduction, giving particulars of the life and works of the various writers upon whom he draws iii this volume. The great attraction of the book is, of course, the large number of poems by 'Verhaeren, whidh. Mr. Bithell has translated with rare skill. Let us particularly commend to the reader three poems that are terrible in their truth arid realism—" The Town."" The Music 1101," and " The Butcher's Stall." And as an example of Verhaeren's power in dealing with well-known themes; we would instance "The Sovran Rhythm." Apart from Verhaeren, the book contains selections from Severin, Mockel, Maeterlinck, Le Roy, Uirand, Gerardy, Elskamp, and others. The translations are well done, and the book ought. we think, to appeal to a wide public at a time like the present when Belgium hies estab- lished for herself a position unique .in modern times.

The Walter Scott Publishing Co., Ltd., have just added to their famous collection of reprints —the Scott Library—Silvio Pellico's "Prison Memoirs," with an introduction by Frederick j. Crowest.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
TEACHER-SOLDIERS.

Education Committee's Generous

Allowances.

The question of the amounts to be paid to teachers serving in the .Army was discussed at the meeting of the Warrington Education Com- mittee on Monday, when Councillor Roberts pre- sided.

The minutes of the School Management Com- mittee contained the following resolutimi: That the nominee of each unmarried teacher be paid such 4% 811 M, if any, as, with the total amount of the Army pay, will ho equal to the salary of the teacher concerned; such payment to take effect from the date of the teacher's en- listment."

_ Mr. Upson said he -was sure the committee would approve of the action to pay all teachers, married or -.unmarried, who had joined the ! forces, their full salary, minus what was Paid In' the government. The government pay in- ' eluded not only the actual pay to the teacher, but, in the case of a married Mall it included the separation allowance credited to his wife. It was the intention of the committee to add to- gether all that was contributed by the State, and deduct it from the salary which the teacher was receiving, and pay the nominee the differ- ence. Mr. Unsworth suggested that the words "or ' other allowances " be added after " Army pay." He thought the term " Army pay " would not be applicable in the case of other. dependents and mothers. "Or other allowances" would cover everything. Alderman Bennett said the committee • had done the right thing, for they all felt that they should do all they could to ensure that those who were willing to serve their country in the present grave crisis, should not be the sufferers. Mr. Kingdon: ThiS means that the married' teachers are going to cost the town less than the unmarried teachers. The ' Chnirman : ,Yes. BACHELORS AN EXPENSIVE LUXURY. Mr. Kingdon : The committee might make a note of that—bachelors are an expensive luxury, and make arrangements' accordingly in the future. (Laughter) The Chairman having asked Mr. Upson if lie was agreeable to Mr. Unsworth's suggestion being adopted. Mr. Upson said he was quite willing to do that so long as they had established the principle. What they wanted to ensure was that teachers who had joined the forces should not be in a worse position than if they had not joined. ' Mr. Moore Murray (director of education): It will be put quite right. The Chairman : I am afraid we cannot add. those words. It will be better to withdraw the resolution for the present, but act as stated in the meantime. The committee agreed to this course, and the minutes were confirmed. DR. LUMB'S COMMISSION. The following item appeared on the minutes of the Medical Inspection Committee: " It was noted that Dr. J. Lumb, the assistant school medical offlicer, had obtained a COMMiSSiOII in the Royal Army Medical Corps, and that his leave of absence had commenced on the sth December, 1914.-!' Mr. Kingdon said they were sorry to lose Dr. Mud), but they felt he had gone in a good cause. One of the satisfactory features in the present difficulty was the way iii which medical men had willingly given their services. The minutes were confirmed. Dr. Manson has been appointed teacher of sick nursing at the Evening Technical Institute, for the remainder of the present session at a salary of £8 Bs., in place of Dr. J. Lumb.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
DECIDE YOURSELF. The Opportunity is Here, Backed

by Local Testimony.

• Don't take our word for it. Read the statements of your neighbours. And decide for yourselves. , Here is one case of it: Mr. T. Fellows, of 41, Bewsey-road, near St. Paul's Church, yv arrington, says: " I worked in agony for a week owing to an attack of lum- bago. The pains around my back and loins were fearful. I could not stoop, and in order to get out of bed I Inid to roll out. All the strength seemed to go out of my back and at last I had to leave work. "I was at home for a week, and my hack was terribly stiff and sore. Every time I moved the paigs attacked me. " At last I made up my mind to try Doan's Backache Kidney Pills, and I was soon thankful to find that they were doing me good. After taking two boxes I was quite cured. 'lle pills cleared away a lot of gravel, and the kidney ex- cretions were put in good order again. I shall always be grateful for the good I derived from Doan's Pills, and y-ou eon rely upon my recom- mending them to others. (signed) 'l'. Fellows." Price 2/9 a box, Ii boxes 13/9; of all dealers, or from Foster-McClellan Co., 8, Wells-street, Ox- ford-street, London, W. Don't ask for Backache or kidney pills—ask DISTINTLY for' Domes Back.. ache liiduey Ville, the 1141110 as Dir. renOWI 114 d.

1.4X!4"

===== 0002601_19141226_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
- of Jesus listerieal , lthered

of

===== 0002601_19141226_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
SLAV v. TEUTON.

Instructive Debate by the Philomathic

Society.

RUSSIAN ATTRIBUTES.

There was a good attendance at the Trinity Chambers on Wednesday evening of last week, when the members of the Warrington Philo- rnathic Society held an interesting and. instruc- tive debate on" The Slav and Teuton Races," The President, Mr. N. Nield, occupied the chair, and the virtues of the respective races were extolled by Messrs. J. B. Storey and F. Pox. The Chairman said he had been struck by the strong antipathy shown by the Russian nation •to the Servians—who were a Slav race. His im- pression was that the Russians were a sort of barbaric race; although, on the other hand, many writers of the present day did not think so. In any case, their old ideas of the Russians needed to be altered a lot. The Germans, they had come to consider, were the victims of cir- cumstances.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RUSSIAN CHARACTER.

Mr. J. B. Storey said there were (.7i.);;tinental people who claimed that the present war was a gigantic struggle between Slav and Teuton. They in England were of a different opinion; but there was no denying the fact that the murder, by Slays, of an anti-Slav ruler, was its indirect cause. What of this great Slav race, of which Russia was the head, and whose members were found scattered all over South-Eastern Europe? Russia-in-Europe alone had as many Slays as there were inhabitants, of the whole of the German states; and belonging, as they did, to the Aryan branch of the human family, they were of the same stock as the inhabitants of the British Isles.

He took the Russians to be the typical Slays. In appearance they did not suffer by comparison with any other people in Europe, and were re- markable for their power of enduring extrema heat and cold. They were all brothers, and, as a matter of fact, the, English were liked in Russia—for they could fraternise, having many things in common; but they must not concern themselves with Russian polities. The poorest and humblest Russian could rise to the highest State position, and all were apt and ready stu- dents. They were reverential—affected by the vast extent and seeming mystery.of their snow- clad Steppes, their enormous forests, stretching for scores of miles, the ti'age of infinitude over- hanging the vast plains—and all this foond ex- pression in their music. In no branch of art could they imitate. In drama they were realists, and, as time went on, one was likely to hear more of Russian drama. The literary output of Russia was very great. - An outstanding feature of the Russian charac- ter was its capacity for self-sacrifice for an ideal. In this respect the Russian, .perhaps, went to greater lengths even than the Anglo-Saxon. The revolutionaries had shown that,, and also the Russian Government by the recent suppression of the sale of vodka. At thb same time the Rus- sians had a tendency to take life easily—though this peculiarity was not inherent in their char- acter, being rather the result of their system. Profits were divided amongst the community as a whole, and thus there was no incentive for individual effort—Russia's handicap ! Russia was a country that furnished many surprises for the traveller. One had only to go a few miles from a Russian town, into the country, to find that one had dropped from the twentieth to the sevefiteenth or eighteenth cen- tury. Life in a Russian village or hamlet was, in these days, 'not unlike what it had been in this country two hundred years ago, so far as Modern conveniences were concerned. This, , however, did not trouble the villagers. Whatever their mission in the 'world, the serious, kindly and manly Russians would never be 'cursed with the spirit of militarism, for this was diametrically opposed to the temperament of the Slavonic race. Their recent awakening was due to oppression in the Balkans, indirectly by the Prussians and directly by the Turks. The future welfare of the wald depended upon the mutual esteem and friendship of the Anglo- Saxon and Slavonic' races. (Applause.)

GERMAN PROGRESS. Mr. F. Fox said that a people at war, espe- cially such a highly-strung and nervous people as the Germans were,•exhibited characteristics not otherwise seen even amongst Ithe people themselves,, and certainly not shown to the casual visitor. They must to a certain extent, however, consider one race in the light of the other; and from that point of view the present time was unfortunate for him, in view of the adverse reports of the German behaviour. After touching upon the history and constitu- tion of the German Empire, and accounting for the king's desire to control a world-empire, the speaker said there was no reason for the nobil- ity to be pacific. All their interests lay on the side of aggression; they could not even imain dormant, because, with the prosperity of the country and the awakening of the democracy, their very existence was menaced.

The natures of the peoples of Germany were as diverse as those of Great Britain, and more so. There were the warm, generous and cheer- ful people of Southern Germany, as opposed to the cold, domineering Northerner. At the same time, certain features stood out which differed from those of most other races. The outstanding characteristic of the German was, undoubtedly, his thoroughness—his he exhibited in —his capacity for patience 'organisation, and the earVing out his work to the minutest detail. That, however, did not imply inventive genius, of which he was deficient: the Germans had built up their Empire . by imitating other nations. The conditions of labour were splendid, the organisation of the industries being brought to perfection; for with the German, the question was :"Will this work lead to something new?" whereas the Englishman asked: " Will it pay?" suited to to linestlie That class of work iwaosddin eminently a on; German—a patient il which might .lead to immense profit; or nothing at all! In less than twenty years the foreign trade of Germany had nearly trebled, and she was now the second manufacturing country of Europe. Education was compulsory, and they found less than half per cent, of illiterates in the Army. On the technical side, their education was more thorough than that of the English schools.' Even toys were often made with the object of stimulating the children's interest in mechanics. The universities, also, had accom- modation for 60,000 students. Again, German, progress was due, to a cam• bination of commercialism and science, leiding to reduction in waste of material and labour— with a corresponding fall in the cost of produc- tion. Great facilities were given by the banks. The success which the Germans had attained had made its ,mark upon their character: they: were proud of their nationality, ambitious, and confident of their ability to lead the world. They felt they were a great nation; and everything was done on a large scale. The effect of mili- tary training was seen throughout the country, and in all classes. It made them methodical and amenable to discipline in the highest degree —especially the working classes, which it. had made servile.

The Germans were also passionately devoted to music. From highest to lowest, every village had its choir, and every tOwn its opera house. : Children were taught Music in the free schools. Music ht one form or another was with them all the time; it was part of their nature. On the other hand, they could not boast of a highly- developed aesthetic sense, although one might have expected great artists from such lovers of Nature as they were. The peasantry were deeply religious; whilst, amongst the other classes, religion was more a matter of form. Politically, the German was not brilliant; and, apart from the social democrats, polities , did not interest them; because, on the whole, they were fairly comfortable, and considered that the Government was looking well after their interests. Itf any case, the people had practically no influence over the policy of -the' Government, us could he seen from a study of the constitution of the Empire. But the people bed been awakening, as Bernhardi said; they had been becoming too peace-loving,. so there was nothing for it hut war. (Applause.) Au interesting discussion ensued, in which Messrs. Ni Niel& James Walsh, F. Chadwick, Sherburn, Winstanley,' H. H. Taylor and Brookes took part; the two principal speakers afterwards giving lengthy replies to the various , questions and arguweas, •

,

===== 0002601_19141226_art0142.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I'm

===== 0002601_19141226_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
CHARLOTTE BRONTE.

Were the Famous " Times " Lettero

an Impertinence?

"LIT. AND PHIL." LECTURE.

A good attendance marked a meeting of ti' Warrington Literary and Philosophical Societ held on Monday evening in the Cairo-streel he l Hall. T President (the Rev. It. V. l'ifOt occupied the chair, and Mr. W. Sileock gave", interesting and instructic e lecture Iv " Charlotte Bronte."

' '. NURTURED IN SOLITUDE. The Lecturer said that the village of Hawortli; with its weather-beaten church and lonely.dlT' desolate parsonage, had been often described; 1 In 1850 it was the most dead-alive sort of Plac.er one could think of. Yet the unbroken solitiel • of .the moors were the only background le which Charlotte Bronte's portrait could • portrayed. Haworth was a part of her ionert, most nature; the basis of her strong Pers°ll; ' ality; the grand Melody that ran through tbee every book. A sad, desolate dwelling was ,1,11, place where the girls with brains seething ii•D• wild imaginings, found a home. The Lecturer then referred at consideral length to the parentage, relationships early life of the great novelist, pointing d„l' that her mother only went to Haworth to tdei Quite early in life the children manifetlte! great literary ability, and it had been °ll- mated that more than a hundred small niag3; • -zines were written by them at tha;:, time. were also keenly interested in polities. effort WaS then made to start a school, and ,'1•8 order to qualify themselves for the dittie Charlotte and Emily determined to go to Bru6. eels to study foreign languages; but the sister:9 air: were hastily summoned home by news• aunt's death. Charlotte returned to Bruseel.6 alone, but her second experience was not . happy one. A sort of relationship sprallg-.d. of th between Charlotte and Professor Heger 04 on her part than his. he lerd"•„:• " I returned to Brussels against my :(1,•e,.• science, prompted by what then seemed an Irl, sistiblo impulse; and I was punished for 04 selfish folly by a total withdrawal for ry° f than two years, of happiness and peace mind."

• A Scathing Comment. "I do not propose," continued the Lecturer; " to read the "Times" letters that had referellee to the alienation brought about by 3.11ad5,1e,/ Heger and Charlotte 'Bronte, which, accord'i-r to correspondence with Miss Nussey, Profelo 'Heger never intended should be published. declared to her that he only kept them fartes same reason that he kept Emily and Charktie exercises, because he had known the geniuses, and had it not been that a disbonoar able attaehment had been hinted at byrece taut writers, the family would never "to allowed the letters to be made public, knos'''",ss all These years what their father t wishes were. I only say this: it is a disputed point whether the intrr sion of the public on private and intimate es. respondence of this kind is not an impertinenef;• and that perhaps, after itll, in this case it wad best, as it put an end for ever to the gossiP 50 speculation of certain writers. "I rather prefer those lines by Mrs. 01101;3 formerly of Warrington." The speaker read the poem by that lady, which appeareo " The Examiner," concluding: Then, as we chattering stand, "0, Itneb!'' they say. "She yet may hear. Blither fold hands 0'11(1 pray." ' - all The failure attending the sale of the slll-e{ book of verses—published in the autillllll,,,,a 1845 under the names of (7orror, Ellis and Bell—sadly discouraged the sisters Brontel "at whet Charlotte wrote "Jane, Eyre," it wes once accepted and won, great suceess—altllee:i. it had been bitterly criticised by the 'lV- terly Review." , The Coming id,Stsecess. 'se Soon after came the death of Emily—" bunny love," as Charlotte styled her'-and fore the shock of that lied passed, • Anne sv.f`re taken, too. Charlotte had commenced 0135 ley " before Anne was taken ill,. and it laid aside during the illness, -but was quently published after her death. "shin 0r had, and deserved ,to have, many friends, ".t. Charlotte put some of her best work into lit and it contained passages of great beautY stile daring. Loneliness only stimulated Charle„ot to renewed literary activity, and she then wr",,): " Villette," which was said to be "the one be's., she did not Wish to own, because it dealt o'll erely with persons then living." But, t11,11,e, now a woman of distinction and literary Ind her life was lonely—they did not need to lie to ~ by any biographer what the author of "Vitlette thought of solitude. At the end of June, 1854, Charlotte's re; riage with her father's curate, the Rev. I'll: Nicholls, took place, after the sudden d Nc1„1; rawal of the Rev. Patrick Bronte's oppos;i but she only enjoyed nine months of mare' a life, before her death. Her life had belie sad one. She never knew her mother; her father father was more a trial than a comfort; "To sisters' lives were tortured by povertliaeo dependence, and they died young. As,hati of truly said, for those who have led the live; is Charlotte, Emily and Anne Bronte, "11°' best." (Applause.)

THANKS FOR "AN INTELLECTUAL TREAT," In proposing a hearty vote of thanks °Add Silcock, the Rev. Canon Morley Stevensoal;pl that he had given the audience an intelle"z,ble treat, lie had performed an almost ituP; le task—he had, within the limits of a 64'11186 lecture, dealt with the character and Cl Is of a woman of so complex a character lotte Bronte. It was evident that Mr. „'"evillS was a Bronte enthusiast, and that theNban a great deal more, at the hack of his mind, idid he had had time to tell them. One felt nottß, steeped himself in the writings of Char hoe Bronte, and in the- writings of those wil° written about her. (Applause.) or!. Mr. 0. Lofthouse seconded. It wag lea clear, he said, that Mr. Silcock had perfor- a labour of love. The motion was carried with arclamatielhent. Lecturer briefly acknowledging the comPlinl CONSUMPTION.

Marvellous Recoveries and All°t Completely New List Will APPe in This Paper Next Week.

The following are names and addrielireii;et people who have been in the grip of 0; to '- White Plague, and generally 00nsidere0, far-advanced, hopeless cases:— Mr. F. C. Monk, 72, Fenwick-road, Peckha-,, Mr. Edward Spencer, Cropstone-road, An't". Leicester. 11, Miss A. Keene, 101, Church-road, Hove. e Mrs. Julia Jones, 39, Salisbury-road, C°P-' Smethwick, near Birminglam. 14' Mr. B. H. Ketley, 75, Rochester-ay., Uptor Miss Whitehead. 50, Moorcroft-street, ter Hollinwood, near Oldham. Mr. George Geary, Station-road, RatbY, shire. f t, Mr.W.Watts, 79, Glenthorno-rd., New seo-h,otte Son of Mr. E. Larcombe, 68, Cambri"' Chard, Somerset. Cral Mr. A. Williams, 61, Limes-road, Wes-t l4' Surrey. ' Mt. 3. 3. Skipworth, 7, Riches-rd., Ileitis!'" s.x, Mrs. F. Wood, 106, Brayard's4d., Foci Mr. W. J. Stephens. 111, Kimberley-rd.. Son of Mr. E. A. Dawbarn, 243, St, Allne'' t.o• Birkenhead, Cheshire. Mr. G. Green, 6, St. Peter's-rd., Petersfleld•amy. oar If you doubt it, write youvelf toacrpe,: all of them for direct evidence. hundreds of others, have been lease of life by taking SrEvENs', Colts. If you are suffering from till' -1;1 Fof.'„g the human race, send to-day Or life-^lT's SAMPLE SUPPLY of this self-salf, Sfoceof substance. The personal advice of rotearo himself is also at your command. 1)10°11' letter to 206. Worple-road, nartiC3— bring you the free sample end lavt. without any cllarge ivizatover•--

===== 0002601_19141226_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
s 1

o. A

Si

01 al

===== 0002601_19141226_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
A SCORELESS FIRST HALF. The first half was scoreless, and the fault—if

fault it be---was mainly Wairington's, for some excellent opportunities that came their way were allowed to slip by; whilst they also failed to make anything like tho use they ouklit to have clone of the very houful slope down which they were.,playing. The greasy state of the ball and _ . _ _ _

the slippery condition of ground, plus the

aforementioned mistiness, no doubt had much to do with Warrington's discomfiture, but really one was at a loss to know how they. managed to miss some of the openings that offered them- selves. Time and again Dainteth. and Young prepared the way for them, but they would not, or could not, take it. Tranter, too, gave them more than one useful lead, but it was of no avail. Jolley proved a veritable pillar of strength to his side in the first half, giving thoroughly sound exposition of the Rugby game and taking the sting out of more than one ugly Batley attack. When he had to leave the field he was sorely missed. Towards the end of the first half he applied the check in most effectual fashion to a most promising run on the part of • two of Batley's fast wingers, thus averting what looked like a. certain score; a' feat for which, by the way, he was warmly applauded by as many of the three thousand spectators as were permitted by the fog to see it.

BATLEY ASSERT THEMSELVES. The second half opened with some brisk work on both sides of the line, each team attacking in turn. Gradually, however, the fervour died out of the Warrington onslaughts; and Batley, noting this, made good use of the fact and re- doubled their efforts to score, and at length, as a 'reward for their persistence; the opportunity was given them to force home one of their at- ta;cks. Brannan and Grandig,e got fairly going and indulged in some pretty passing„ until pre- sently the first-named saw his opportunity and, seizing it, dashed over, the line, after some smart dodging. This, the first score of the match, was lustily applauded by the crowd, who found in it an exceltent opportunity for warming their cold-benumbed fingers after the usual 'fashion. The goal-'kick was taken by Lockwood, who made no mistake. The second and last piece of scoring came close on the heels of the first. Battersby intercepted a swinging pass and gave the ball to Loughlin, who was in a .favourable Position and had little trouble in nipping over the line. Grandige took the kick, and, with a fine lift, added the minor points. His kick was accorded a round of plaudits, both in recog- nition of its merits as a piece of punting, and also of the fact that it was his first score for his new team, for his appearance in the 'Batley colours on Saturday was by way of being a slebut.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
resourcefulness, as well as plenty of pluck, whilst he was Altogether superior to his Vis-a- vis—Lyons. He was greatly missed by his side, and also by the crowd, for his dash and tricki- ness are always sources of satisfaction to the spectator who goes to look on at a match with- out taking violently-partisan .spectacles with him.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
HALF-BACKS' GOOD GAME.

Dainteth and Young, the Warrington half- backs, worked together with better understand- ing than they have displayed before this season and were among the most useful men in the whole bake,r's dozen. Had a tithe of the open- ings they created been taken up, the score-board would have read quite differently when the long whistle 'sounded. Lately the pair. have shown signs of improving with practically every match and they are to-day one of the best pairs of half-backs within the jurisdiction of the Northern Union. The Warrington three- quarter line, on the whole, played a creditable game; Brookes and Tranter being the outstand- ing pair in the quartet, though Waywell and .Bradshaw also put in good work and gave evi- denee of &tent powers that the slippery state of the ground prevented them from putting into exercise. Among the visiting forwards the two Cunliffe's worked hard, as also did Cox; indeed, the trio were quite indefatigable, and had their skill and speed been equal to their energy the game tight easily have ended quite differently. The elevation of Cunliffe to a place in the first string was amply justified in this, his first match with them.

JOLLEY'S SUBSTITUTE OUT OF HIS ' ELEMENT.

After Joney had been placed hors de combat, Green left Warrington's front rank in order to go to the rear and do duty for him. The sub- stitute tried hard, but it was quite obvious that a front-rank position is the one for which he is best adapted. Parker was the pick of the home threequar- ters; indeed, he was easily the best threequarter on the field. Lockwood and Thomas worked con- scientiously, but they were obviously inferior, as a pair of 'halves, to Da,inteth 4tnd Noung• Batley's front rank proved themselves resource- ful and speedy, and in the second half they quite outshone the visiting sextet, and, to them, in the main, was the Yorkshire men's victory due, for they were not content to wait for chances to be made for them; but, whenever posidble; set about making theM themselves. The next encounter between Batley and War- rington will be looked forward to with interest, for one cannot help thinking that, especially in so far as the second half was concerned, Satur- day's game was not a real trial of the respec- tive merits of the two teams, Warrington ob- viously allowing themselves to be, shall we say, overawed, or overcome, by the uncomfortable climatie conditions, and rendered unduly timor- ous by the treacherous state of the turf. More- over, just when he was most needed, they were deprived of the services of their " jolly reliable old Jolley."

===== 0002601_19141226_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
YULETIDE FOOTBALL. Leigh the I,7isitors on Christmas Day.

• Warrington will entertain Leigh at Wilders- pool on the afternoon of Christmas Day, where, if the weather holds up, there should be a large crowd to see what.should prove to. be an inter- esting game, seeing that on the occasion of the first meeting between these teams this Season ding-dong football was witnessed, and victory only rested with the Wilderspool men by the narrow margin of one point-6 to 5. The War- rington team has been selected as follows:

.. Jolley 1. • . Waywell 4, Brookes 3, . Tranter 2, Bradshaw 5, Taberner 15. . Dainteth 6, Young 7. _ _ ___

Cox 8, IN% Cunliffe 9, Mather 10, Green 11, Critchley 12, Clare 13, Harmer 14. The officials will be: Referee, Mr. R. Hestford (Broughton Rangers) touch-judges, Messrs. J. Valentine (Salford) and F. Fairhurst (Wigan).

As announced last week, Warrington "A" will journey to Leigh on Christmas morning, and there meet the local second string. On Boxing Day Warrington "A" will oppose St. Helens Recs. at Wilderspool, whilst on Monday New Year's Day a return visit from lludders- field is the big fixture, whilst the "A" team will go to St. Helens in order to meet the Pilltdwn "A" team.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
RYLANDS' RECS. v. CADISHEAD AND IRLAM.

At Gorsey-lane, on Boxing Day; kick-off 2.45 : Rylarghs' : F. llorrocks; J. Griffiths, A. llor- rocks, 11. Povey and C. Povey ; G. Warren and J. Gallop; A. Stretford, J. Brandwood, F. Potter, J. Whittaker, W. Shaw and F. Bagguley. Re- serve, A. Rowlinson.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1914.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
TIIE TRUE WAR SPIRIT.

Supporter Pays His "Sub." and

"Another Member's."

Mr. Pemberton, the hon. treasurer of the Warrington Football Club, has received the fol- lowing letter from Driver Swinton, 50 Co., M.T.A.S.C., British Expeditionary Force in France:—

"In a border town.

" Dear Mr. Pemberton,— "Just a short note to let you know that I haven't forgotten the old club. I think you are doing very well, considering the weak- ened forces at your disposal. I occasionally meet some of the old members out here, and thcy are always anxious to know if the ' Wire- pullers " are doing well. I enclose twelve shil- lings (in British Postal Orders) crossed per a/c. Six.shillings of it is my membership sub- scription and the other six shillings of it is to pay another member's (your selection), who, through being called up for service, has not been able to renew his subscription. Hoping to get back in time for next season, and wishing you every success both in matches and finance also a Happy• Christmas and a Brighter and Pros- perous New Year to all, I remain, yours sin- cerely, J. SWINTON (of Cuerdon Hall, Thelwall, and Long-row, Orford)."

INTERMEDIATE RUGBY LEAGUE. P. W. D. L. For. Ag't. Ps Bolton C. 0.8. ... 0 224 12 15 Parochial 0.8. St. James' 0.8. 13eamont U. 0.8. 1 2 103 19 10 H'thside Frogliall 0.8. 9 6 0 3 117 29 12 Sacred Heart 0.8. 5 0 3 75 66 s 10 Wycliffe 0.8. Arpley-street 0.8. St. Mary's 0.8. Silver-street 0.8. Be.amont Ath. 0.8 6 2 0 4 18 94 4 St. ATM's 0.8. St. James' Jun. 0.8 7 2 0 5 57 148 4 St. Barnabas' 0.8. St. Alban's "B" 0.8 7 1 0 6 24 255 2 Heathsideßowsey 0.8. 60 0 6 2 195 0 St. Alban's "A" 0.8 8 0 0 8 3 333 0

===== 0002601_19141226_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
SATURDAY'S RESULTS.

'Parochial 0.8., 11 point S; St. James' 0.13.. 0. St. James' Jun. 0.8., 17; St.. Alban's "B" 0.8., 0. lleatbside Progball 0.8. 28; Silver-street 0.E., 0.

BOXING DAY FIXTURES. • At Wildemoool. Kick-off 1.40 p.m.. Arpley-street 0.8. v. St. James' 0.B.; referee, Mr. G. Crozier.

In Victoria Park. Kick-off 2.30 p.m.. St. Albans ;`B" 0.8. v. Sacred Heart 0.B.; Mr. W. Bibby. St. Ann's 0.8. v. Heathside Bewsey 0.B.; Mr. F. Heosom. , St. illary's 0.8. v. Bolton Council 0.B.; Mr. J. Beardsall. St. Alban's "A" 0.. v. Beamont United 0.B.; Mr. J. Flynn.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN UNION CUP.' RYLANDS' RECS. v. SPRING VIEW.

This match in the second qualifying iound of he N.H. Cup Competition, was played at Gorsey- lane 'on Saturday in wretched weather, and before a small attendance. Both sides were well represented, though A. Horrocks was mis- sing from the home team. Spring View kicked off_ and .I'. Horrocks returning, good play by Gallon took the ball to the visitors' end, but it was cleared. From a pack formed on the "25" line, H. povey got over. The goal-kick failed. Potter, shortly afterwards, scored for the home team, and Gallop converted. Good play by the Brothers Povey ended-in C. .Povey being pushed into touch. Griffiths, taking a loose ball, ran through the visiting, team and ended by scoring uoder the posts, Warren converting. Half- time arrived with the score: Rylands', 2 goals 3 tries (13 points); Spring View, nil. Brandwood commenced the second half, the visitors returning play. Gallop was tackled in possession and from ..the penalty. the visitors secured a goal. From this point onward the visitors were outclassed, tries being scored for Rylands' by H. Povey, C. Povey (two), and Warren, and Shaw and Brandwood between them converting three out of the four. The final result was: Rylands' 5 goals 7 tries (31 points); Spring View, 1 penalty goal- (2 points). The Brothers Povey were in fine form, passing and re-passing repeatedly. All the forwards played well.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN UNION CUP.

Draw for the Third Qualifying Round.

RYLANDS' AWAY. The draw for the third qualifying round of the Northern Union Cup, to he played on January 9th, was made in Manchester on Tues- day, with the following results:— Anchor Cable v. Rylands' Recreation. Harviston Rovers v. Broughton Moor. Harrogate V. Castleford. Catherine Stack or Millbank v. Elland. Dewsbury Celtic v. Brighouse Rangers. Wardley V. Pendleton. Cadishead a bye.

The Normanton Club's protest against the result of the cup-tie at Harrogate was not sus- tained. The Malbank V. Catherine Stack tie was ordered to be replayed on Saturday next, the protest against the latter club for playing a professional being upheld. The following League matches were re- arranged :—Hull v. Barrow, March 4th; Salford V. Rochdale, January 20th. •

===== 0002601_19141226_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
A WAR SPECTACLE.

" KULTUR " ILLUSTRATED IN A GREAT WATER DRAMA.

A war spectacle based on incident in Bel- gium is a notable feature of the Christmas pro- ductions in Manchester. There are few places in the country where such an ambitious work as " Kultur" can be produced, and even the vast resources of the Manchester Hippodrome are taxed to the utmost in staging this magnificent aqua-drama. The author and producer, Leonard F. Durell, has handled a difficult task with courage, and produced a good imitation of some of the stern realities of war. The drama is preceded by a couple of tottmlix, one representing the "Mailed Fist "—a huge hand suspended over a number of dead and dying young women huddled together. The first scene is a town in Flanders, and in- troduces a Belgian inn, a German spy, and a love story. One sees the peaceable inhabitants in everyday life. The news arrives that the Germans have occupied Brussels. Presently it party of Uhlans come upon the scene. One is killed while attempting an infamous asTiult; the others ride off.

Infantrymen find the dead body, and, after shooting the priest for disclaiming any know- ledge of it, withdraw. The town is thiTillaaii- barded, and the curtain rises to reveal the houses in ruins.

King Albert is introduced in an episode near the battle area, and the Kaiser gallops aown the "only open road" before a gallant Belgian officer-lover, and the girl he has rescued from the clutches of the modern Hun releases the sluice gates. We see a thrilling fiefit between the 'Highlanders and Brandenburgers, anil the Prus- sian hordes swept away in the swirling waters to their doom.

The audience get a liberal supply of thrills. The German system of terrorism is amply illus- trated, and there is plenty of killing of defence- less non-combatants and other brutalities. These grim sensations are relieved here and there by touches of broad ,comedy.

The a-cting fs good, and the scenic effects are on the gigantic scale one is accustomed to in the great water pageants at the Hippodrome. "Kultur" should be very popular. After seeing this at the first house our readers who desire to make a "full night" of their visit should journey across to the Ardwick Empire for the second house. Here there is a really excellent pantomime, "Jack and Jill," with the great Lancashire comedian, George Formby, keeping everyone merry with his pecu- liarly quaint humour. .

===== 0002601_19141226_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
Longford "Do It On" Hollins Green.

BAPTIST'S "THROW UP THE SPONGE."

Notes by "Linesman."

The most interesting match in the Warrington and District League on Saturday was provided by the return fixture of the two near and keen rival clubs, Paddington and' Fairfield United. This game had been looked forward .to very keenly by the clubs' supporters and players alike, for the Paddington boys intended to re- venge themselves for the defeat they sustained in the first encounter. The United had strength- ened their team by the inclusion of Scott:bitch- field and Poulter, but the familiar figure of the popular Millward was missing. The three other players named, having re-joined the Great Sankey team, were, however, available for this match. On the run of the game play was keen and fast, and both teams had their turn in at- tack and defence, and the result of one goal each may be considered a, very fair reflex of the respective merits of the teams. Harrison, E. Itolmes and Wainwright were ..the most pro- minent players among the Paddington team, Whilst Hunter, Ditchfield and Poulter were the most useful of the United contingent.

Hollins Green were the visitors to the Horse and Jockey ground, where they,, 'opposed the Lowford team, but they were handicapped by having only ten players, and throughout the game the home tpain had the best of the ex- changes. . Ellam, in the visitors' goal, • made many•fine saves and could not be blamed for the shots that eluded him; and he was well •sup- ported by Clarke and Martin. Wright was the best man in the, Greenites' middle line. For the Longford team, Finch, Sherratt and Hands showed up well, although Stevens had the dis- tinction of scoring the best goal of the match.

The Elmwood Cons., who had been eagerly looking forward to their return fixture with the Latchford Baptists, were sadly disappointed by the non-appearance of the latter. This was owing to the inability of the Baptists' Commit- tee to raise a team. As late as Saturday the Secretary of the Leagne was informed of the Baptists' intention to withdraw from the com- petition.

In the North Cheshire League the. Stockton Heath team were successful in annexing a couple of points from Altrineham St. George's. The game was very evenly contested in the first half, when the scores were one goal each. In the second moiety the home team asserted their superiority and added three more goals. Lloyd, on the extreme right, played a very good game for the "Heathens," and scored a couple of excellent goals.

The Orford White Star were disappointed in their fixture with Grappenhall St. Wilfrid's; more so, as the match Was arranged to be played on the latter club's ground. Not a single player of the home club turned up. Do Grappenhall men only play when the weather is fine?

fatigue, so keen and fast had the game been, but no further goals were added, and, when the whistle sounded, the result read: Paddington, one goal; Fairfield United, one goal.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT

LEAGUE.

LONGFORD v. HOLLINS GREEN.

The above teams met on the ground of the first-named, :when the following players opposed each other • Longford : Sturgess; Lawrance and Mason; Holden, Fearnley and Sherratt; Smith, Smart, Stevens, Hands and Bennett. Hollins Green: Ellani; Clarke and Martin; Mellor, Billington and Wright; Perrin, D. Bil- lington, Atherton and Atkinson. The referee was Mr. L. Thompson, Earlestown. The Longford captain won the toss, and D. Billington kicked off for the visitors. The home team gained possession and their forwards rushed down on the visitors! goal and Hands scored for the home team with a capital shot. From the centre-kick the visitors, who only had ten men, could not make much headway, and they were soon driven back to their own goal area, when Stevens sent the ball just over the bar. Shortly afterwards Smart, receiving a well- timed pass from Hands, scored the second goal. Nettled by these reverses, the visitors made a determined attempt to reduce the arrears, but their forwards were at fault with bad shooting, and the home team again assumed the aggres- sive. but Ellam, in goal, and Clarke and Wright defended splendidly and prevented any further scores, the interval being called with the score 2-0 in favour of the home team.

On restarting, the visitors had the best of the exchanges. Their forwards combined very well and made attacks on the home goal, and Stur- gess was called upon to handle several times. Wright, after a fine run, sent just wide of the posts. The home team carried play into the visitors' quarters, where Ellam, after making several good clearances, had to concede a corner. This was got away, and soon after Sherratt re- ceived the ball, and, beating several opponents, sent in a capital shot, which Ellam fisted out. The ball went to Finch and he scored the third goal, whilst Stevens put on the f.ourth and last, just before the final whistle sounded. Result: Longford, 4 goals; Hollins Green, nil.

PADDINGTON v. FAIRFIELD UNITED.

The return match between the above teams was played on Saturday, on the ground of the first-named club. There is great rivalry be- tween these teams, and that, added to the fact that the latter are at the head of the League, drew a good crowd. Mr. M. J. Kite, of Thelwall, had charge of the game, and the following Players turned out Paddington: Harrison; E. Holmes and Cham- berlain; W. Holmes, J. Taylor and Spencer: Wainwright, Garnett, Darbyshire, Smith and Bra,mhall.

Fairfield United: Potter; Bebbington and Woodhouse; Gleave, Hunter and Lewis; Scott, Taylor, Poulter, Ditchfield and S. Woodhouse.

The visitors started with only ten players, but Poulter and Taylor, backed up by Hunter, made tracks to the home goal area, where Taylor was only inches wide with his shot. Wainwright, on the home right wing, was next prominent with a good run along the touch-line, and be finally gave Potter a warm shot to handle, but it was cleared at the expense of a corner-kick. From the goal-kick J. Taylor got possession and he passed on to Darbyshire, but the latter, in steadying himself for a final shot, was neatly robbed of the ball by Woodhouse, the leather being returned by Holmes. The veteran, Hun- ter, who proved a great stumbling-block to the opposing forwards, transferred to Ditchfield, and lie, along with S. Woodhouse, led an attack on the home goal, the movement ending shot which brought Harrison to his knees. The home team then took up the aggressive and forced several corner-kicks in quick succession, but the visitors! defence prevailed. Lewis transferred to Taylor, and the latter, aided by Scott, gained a little ground, xhen W. ITolmes intercepted the ball and placed to Garnett, and, , from the latter's shot at goal, Behhington ruis- kicked and let in Bramhall, who In:d not much difficulty in scoring, after thirty irinutes' play. From this on, -up to the interval, the game 'a strenuously contested, but np .further goals re- sulted. Hall-time: Paddington, one goal ; Fair- field United, nil. - . .

On the resumption, the game was •ontested keenly and a good pace was set up, the home team being the first to become dangerous. A shot from Wainwright was well cleared by Pot- ter. Then, following even exchanges in mid- field, a mistake by Chamberlain let in Poulter, whose shot struck the upright. The visitors set up a hot bombardment of the home goal, Taylor, Scott and Poulter each shooting in turn; but they failed to beat Harrison and his backs, who eventually cleared the ball. The visitors re- turned to the attack, when Hunter sent in a bard drive. The ball struck Holmes, who failed to clear properly, and a scrummage in goal ensued, from which Ditchfield scored the equalising goal ten minutes from time. From the centre-kick both teams showed signs of

===== 0002601_19141226_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
A WATER-LOGGED GROUND.

The fixture between the Bank Quay Recs. and St. Barnabas' had been re-arranged and was due for decision on Saturday, on the Lovely-lane ground, but, owing to the heavy rains during the week and in the forenoon, the referee (Mr. (3. Knight) had no hesitation in declaring the ground unfit for play. It was in a shocking con- dition, the water being three or four inches deep on a good portion of the playing.piece.

LATCHFORD BAPTISTS AGAIN DEFAULT. The return fixture between Elmwood Cons. and Latchford Baptists should have been played on Satuiday,.but the Baptists failed to put in an appearance and much disappointment was caused in the Elmwood camp, as this match had been looked forward to as a kind of " Derby " between the two clubs.

NORTH CHESHIRE LEAGUE.

STOCKTON HEATH v. ALTRINCHAM ST. GEORGE'S.

The above teams met in the second division of the North Cheshire League on the West- avenue ground, before a fair number of specta- tors. The turf was in a heavy condition after the recent rains. The following players turned out, under the control of Mr. H. Smith, of Latchford t

Stockton Heath Hooper; Gosling and Ches- ters ; Boylance, Noden and Hamblett; Lloyd, Pearce, Vernon, Buck and Starkey. St. George's: Johnson; Jackson and Ashton; Wallace, Prow and Kelley; Tansey, Bowyer, Harris and Slaier.

The visitors, who played with only ten men, won the toss and set the home 'team to defend the farm goal. From the kick-off the visitors very quickly put the home team on the defensive and their forwards being in front of goal they 'were penalised for off-side. ut they still con- tinued to have the best of the exchanges and gained three corner-kicks in quick succession. However, they failed to p"ofit from them. After a spell of mid-field play, the visitors returned to the attack and Harris opened the score after fifteen minutes. , This reverse nettled the "Heathens," but the visitors, showing the better tactics, held them at bay, and it was only by occasional raids that the home team gave any signs of being dangerous. It was from' one of these breakaways that Buck equal- ised the scores. The interval arrived with the teams on equal terms, with one goal each to their credit..

On resuming, the game was very evenly con- tested. Lloyd got the ball from Noden and centred. Vernon received It and passed across the mouth of the• visitors' goal. Buck and Starkey were too slow to accept the opening, but, shortly after, Pearce put the "Ileatliens'' in front, with cross-shot. Following raid-field exchanges, Noden,sefit Out to. Lloyd, whose speed served him well. Ile beat the opposing back and then scored with a shot that did not give Johnson a chance of saving. A "few minutes later the same player scored again. From the centre-kick the visitors contrived to trouble the home defence, and Tansey gave Hooper a warm shot to deal with. Bowever, it was :gafely got away. Harris missed scoring-from a good open- ing, whilst, at the opposite end, Johnson had to leave his goal on two occasions to clear. The result was: Stockton Heath, 4 goals; Altrineham St. George's, 1 goal.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0159.txt | included=true | included =====
LEFT IN THE LURCH.

A match between the Grappenhall St. Wil- frid's and Orford White Star had been arranged to be nlaved on the ground of the former. off Knutsford-road. The visitors arrived with their full team at the Grappenhall club's dressing- rooms, but there was nobody there to meet them, and after waiting a reasonable time they left, none of the home players having put in an appearance. This was not very satisfactory treatment to the White Star team and officials, because had the Grappenhall officials informed them the match would not be played, the White Star team could have had a League match arranged for them.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0160.txt | included=true | included =====
FRIENDLY MATCH. PADGATE UNITED BEAT ELMWOOD- AVENUE RESERVE.

On Saturday Padgate United played the Elm- wood-avenue Reserve, at Padgate. Owing to heavy rain (luring the week the ground was in a bad condition, but nevertheless play was very keen. Padgate were unfortunate in that their regular goalkeeper was not able to turn out, but the substitute played a good game. l'adgate had the best of matters throughout and were vic- torious by 5 goals to 2. The goal scorers for the winners were: Hardman (2), Ball (2) and Wil- liams.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0161.txt | included=true | included =====
YULETIDE TEAMS.

PADGATE UNITED v. PADDINGTON.

At Padgate on Boxing Day; kick-off 2.45 : Padgate : E. Unsworth; R. tinsworth and Tay- lor; Woods, Cartwright and Williams; Downes, F. Hardman, Ball, Potter and S. Hardman.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0162.txt | included=true | included =====
ITEMS.

Paddington did not realise their hopes in van- quishing Fairfield United. Their chances seemed very rosy when Mill- ward failed to turn but. Although the conditions were miserable, the exhibition served up was very satisfactory. A division of points was a fair reflex on the game. _

- The United strengthened their team by in- cluding Poulter and Ditchfield._

_ Hunter was a source of trouble to the Pad- dingtonians. Harrison (in goal) and Holmes (at back) did well for the homesters. Hollins Green suffered defeat at the Horse and Jockey grounds. Longford United were their victors. The visitors were handicapped by having only nine players. ' Ellam did many smart performances between the uprights.

Clark also played a fine game at full-back. Sturgess had his work cut out to save his charge on several occasions. Stevens scored the best goal of the match. Elmwood Cons, are now in the dumps again. This has been caused by the- withdrawal of Latchford Baptists.

The Cons. have earned four points liy defeat- ing the Baptists and the Fairfield Athletic, Both these teams have flow disbanded. It is extremely hard lines on the Cons.

The Heathens' chances of heading their League are now very rosy. They succeeded in defeating St. George's by 4-1.

Mackennars, the present .champions, have been compelled to disband owing to their players joining the colours. The Rees.' arM the St. Barnabas' Clubs could not play their return fixture owing to the ground being flooded.

The referee said it was more fit for water -,010 than football. . _ _

Grappenhall St. Wilfrid' treated their visit- ors very shabbily, - -

The visitors arrived at the dressing-room, but the home team failed to put in an appearance. The Grappenhall players are only fine weather players. The White Star players were much disap- pointed.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0163.txt | included=true | included =====
AN ENORMOUS HELP.

- - . A message was received from Mr. Lloyd George stating that the election of Mr. Masterman would be an enormous help to the Government at this critical period. He described Mr. Mae- terman as an ideal candidate for a constituency such as that of the Swansea district, for lie had deep sympathy with Welsh ideals, and had studied the working class problem more deeply and sincerely than any other member of the Government.

411 MR. MASTERMAN'S LIBERAL RIVAL -4 Mr. T. Jeremiah Williams says he will con- test the seat on the ground that undue influencO' was brought to bear in favour of Mr. Mast man. He says that if the ordinary course 0 events in the constituency hsd to be iuterfer , with action should have been taken througW•.: the Welsh Liberal Parliamentary party and the ' Welsh Liberal Council. and that it should not have been done through the intervention of 0 Cabinet Minister. Mr. Williams, who is an employer of labour i and popular in the constituency, is the son 0 a former member, Mr. William Williams. Maesygwernen.

tf.

, • • ,

===== 0002601_19141226_art0164.txt | included=true | included =====
NITRATES FOR GERMANY CAPTURED.

A Valuable Cargo. The German sailing ship Melpomene, 109 tons, and carrying 3,000 tons of nitrates, bound for Hamburg from the West Coast of America, has arrived as a prize at Swansea. After her seizure she had an adventurous voyage, the tow-rope breaking off Land's End. and the vessel running to Lundy under bare poles. ' The value of her cargo is over ..c3o,ffffe, and the ship herself is worth another 4MOOO.

\,

4

I

===== 0002601_19141226_art0165.txt | included=true | included =====
WAR AND EDUCATION.

Reforms Deferred in Lancashire.

At a meeting of the Lancashire Education Committee at Preston on Monday, Sir 11. nib- bert, M.P., presiding, Mr. J. J. Cockshott, chair- man of the Elementary Education Sub-com- mittee, moved that the Board of Education be asked to suspend the undertaking of March, 1910, that the Lancashire Committee should spend between £50,000 and £60,000 a year in the erection of Council schools, until the expiration of one year after the end of the war, and also that the period for dealing with unsatisfactory school premises as scheduled by the Board in March, 1910, should be extended from March 31, 1917, until three years after" the end of the war. According to the original schedule, he said, there were 20.5 unsatisfactory schools or school departments, and up to the present 184 schools had been dealt with. The Committee considered that they ought not to be tied to the time-table under the special circumstances of to-day. With regard to the erection of new Council schools, there Were now five schools in course of erection, and these would be proceeded with, but they proposed with regard to five others that the contracts should not be let at present. In addition there are the schools to be built by the Voluntary managers, one of which was in course of erection. It was proposed that this building should be completed, but the com- mittee felt it would be impossible to ask the managers to proceed with the furnishing or to find money during the war for the building, en- largement, or improvement of other schools. Several other schools had been built in' the county which were not included in the pro- gramme, and between 100 and 150 others had been improved and extended, so that the posi- tion of school buildings in the county was in- finitely better than it was five years ago. The committee had already done much more than the Board of Education had asked them to do.

The committee agreed to the prnosaL A decrease was reported in the number of necessitous school children.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0166.txt | included=true | included =====
Al PRINCELY GIFT.

Maharajah of Gwalior's Present to the King. The King on Monday at Buckingham Palace accepted from his Highness the Maharajah Scindia of Gwalior a Christmas gift of a fleet of motor ambulances, auxiliary cars, and motor cycles. The gift was offered to him by Lieuten- ant Colonel Sir David Barr, who represented the Maharajah. The King was accompanied by the Queen, Princess Mary and Prince Henry, and Sir James Dunlop Smith. The fleet consists of 41 ambulance cars, four officers' cars, five motor lurries, and ten motor cycles. Each car has attached to it a brass plate bearing the name of the donor, " Scindia." The cars entered the Palace grounds by the Grosvenor Gardens Gate, and filed past the King and Queen, who had taken up their stand near the King's deor, afterwards leaving the grounds by the Garden Gate, and passing to the Mall through the courtyard. The King accepted the gift, and placed it at the disposal of the naval and military authori- ties. His Majesty intimated his intention of telegraphing his thanks personally to the Maharajah.

-

===== 0002601_19141226_art0167.txt | included=true | included =====
- ".'

ripoillairo727llolloloor.olorlollrOrOrOlgillarlolllol=ollNlMKTOOtraOtirougivlirengrotiooo3 011011211MOMMOMMOMMomowiliON•0111110M01.11.10M01.00111•0111101.1101=000imoies0/.101100119801111.0011301111.0ri 010 1 g 1 010 010 A TEST WILL CONFIRM WI Igl 0.0 0110 the truth of the popular verdict that Beecham's Pills are " "WorthLl a Guinea a Box. A fair trial will prove to you—what is olioll II known to many thousands of people—that Jo ri hi on. hi In THE VALUE OF 0.. Iglol. lig 0.0 or this excellent preparation is not exaggerated by the striking Noi lel pronouncement. lfyou aresuffering from any oftbe manyailments . 0110 Foll which have their origin in a disordered digestion, and you have hi ge, recourse to Beecham's Pills, you will soon be satisfied that the 10 n°s benefit derived is not to be estimated by the small cost of the le or i I 121 remedy. A digestion which works harmoniously and efficiently 010 Pi adds immeasurably to the value of Life. Most people might enjoy hi 111 0.0 . a perfect digestion by taking IP 4300 agl BEEcHAmys 10 olio LI ' 1:11 0110 0110 !if la .0 Liii 0 . olio I°l II PILLS. , 6p. ... 1 . II 1.1 Prepared °ray by THOMAS BEECHAM, St lictens, Lancashire. 010 oio Sold everywhere In boxes, price lilld. (56pills)& 29 (168 Pills). . I I 11 op ono ONNlOlNNOMlSOliiiiomollllllolollollMOlMOsionliOnliaoMO.MiliiionsolioOlimarailiOMlNoMow.oo3loo%.llll 10711101icrOiroirOiguri orOleiCrOiror or ori or OrOigra Age or orOr OrCircri uifgaio oar

SWANSEA ELECTION.

Mr. Masterman's Nomination

Confirmed.

A" PAINORITY'S PROTEST.

The conference of Liberal delegates was held at Neath on Saturday to select a candidate in succession to Sir David Brynmor Jones, who has retired from the representation of the Swansea District. Mr. Dan Thomas, private secretary to. Sir Alfred Mond, the member for Swansea Town, retired from the -contest, and the remaining candidates were Mr. C. F. G. Masterman and Mr. T. Jeremiah ,Williams, of Morriston.

Mr. Edward Harris alleged that slim tactics had been introduced into the selection, and undue official influence had been used in favour ef Mr. Masterman. A private letter, said Mr. Harris, had been published with no other object in view. The speaker was interrupted with cries of "No" and "Sit down," and proceeded amid a din which lasted several minutes. When order was restored the Chairman called for nominations, whereupon Mr. Moses Thomas, - of Aberavon, announced that the seventeen Aberavon delegates were for Mr. Masterman.

THE INTERVENTION OF MR. LLOYD GEORGE. When the uproar had subsided the nomina- tions were proceeded with. They underwent but slight revision, and eventually of the votes 80 were cast for Mr. Masternian and 64 for Mr. Williams.

An attempt was then made to make lir. Afasterruan the unanimous choice of the con-

ference. A resolution with that object wus Proposed by Mr. Parry Evans, of Neath, sec- onded by the Rev. T. W. George, of Neath. Mr. Harris said that much as he admired Mr. Lloyd George he would rather throw him over than Mr. Williams on this occasion. Mr. Lloyd George had risen to the top of the ladder with the help of Wales and Welsh Nationalism. Now he was pushing a friend before a Welshman and a Welsh Nationalist. (" Hear, hear," and cries of No, no," and disorder.) "You can say what you like," concluded Mr. Harris, "but the facts speak for themselves." Mr. Richard Buckland, of Morriston, said that if matters had been fair and square in this contest he would willingly have fallen in with the motion, but such had not been the case. The letter received by the Chairman showed that undue influence had been at work.

From this point to the conclusion the proceed- ings were of a stormy character; but eventually when the resolution was put it was carried, although there was a strong negative vote. The net result was that Mr. Masterman was elected as Liberal candidate by a majority. _ . .

During the week district meetings had been held at which nominations had been received, a' '1 delegates numbering 144 were appointed, those delegates constituting Saturday's confer- cnett. The district voting returns showed 78 rotes for Mr. Afasterman and 66 for Mr. Williams, with Mr. Dan Thomas last.

_ -

===== 0002601_19141226_art0168.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
P•lr'--

===== 0002601_19141226_art0169.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
u,sdr.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0170.txt | included=true | included =====
SALES BY AUCTION

HENRY TAYLOR. AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. ESTATE INSURANCE AGENT, 15. BOLD-STREET, WARRINGTON.

Tel. 228.

Mr. ROBERT LOW E.

MARKET GATE SALE ROOMS. WEDNESDAY MORNING, :301a DECEMBER, At Eleven o'clock. SALE BY AUCTION of a Special Consign- ment of Dwarf and Standard ROSE TREES, Ornamental SHRUBS and EVERGREENS, Dutch BULBS, &c. Catalogues on application. ROBERT Lowk, Auctioneer.

[n WARRINGTON EXAMINER ES OF WEEK-END NEWSPAPERS pREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS One Three Six rds. Week. Weeks. Weeks. wl6 . 6,1. .. is. 3d. .. 2s. Od. .. 2.4 , • 9d. .. is. 10d. .. is. Od. .. . Od. .. 2s. 6d. .. 4s. Od. .. . 3d. .. is. id. .. ss. Od. .. . 6d. .. 3s. Bd. .. Gs. Od.

Thirteen Weeks. 3s. 9d. ss. Od. 7s. 6d. Sc. 9d. 10s. Od.

Domestic Servants

U. and 11 ousemaid-Waitress • Wanted; two maids kept; woman to wash.— Learns, Boothroyd, Brooklands, near er. Wanted;

Situations Vacant.

To he Let.

TTLET.—lfici-Somerset, Detached, 6-roomed Cottage, pleasantly situated: half-mile post, church, station; garden, poultry run.—Apply Stokes, Charlton Mackrill, Taunton.

Shops, Businesses. etc.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0171.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
field.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0172.txt | included=true | included =====
A GENTS Wanted, big profits, goods ml -,C3- every house.—Benson, e, Winter-street, Stock- port._

===== 0002601_19141226_art0173.txt | included=true | included =====
WANTED, Active Agents, either sex, in yo district.—Write Dixon, 110, Strand. London WANTED, TURNERS in Turbine Sho must be good workmen, steady, and good ti keepers; no dispute. Upon application at the Loa Labour Exchange, and satisfactory references good workmanship• railway tickets will be I) vided.—Apply Richardsons. Wostgarth and C Hartlepool.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0174.txt | included=true | included =====
Miscellaneous on Sale.

ATcr,,yoUwiDe .I—ronTtikesmroethcedF?ox 15.; et cards and photograph on application.—Asfacrot New Inn, Golborne, Newton-le-Willows. 'Phone Gothorne. LUSHlNG.—Partictilars of my Be free.—E. Frooman, 49, Chaueer-ro on.

BUSINESSES of every description for Sale; write for partieulars.—Pear,.on, Valuer, Guild- ford, Surrey.

AFFE'S REAL DEVONSHIRE genuine value. Fast Dye a speciali atterns, stating requirements.—Weech, house, Buckfestleigh, Devon. RISTMAS CARDS, containing your Plio graph inside, is. dozon.—Samplea free fr o. Co. 198 Wavertree-road, Liverpool. _ -- UNTRY Hairdresser's. Tobacco, Fanei Umbrella Repairs; established 3S years' 'Lion; opening for papers: close to st ' usiness. Crabtree, SGO, Rochdal Todmorden.

IE DINMONT Puppies, 4 months; ighest pedigree; dog g 25.. bitch £1 lls. 6d. ard, Sehoolcroft, Berry Brow, Rudders-

EYE Sufferers, read this, Gentleman Blind five years, now see to read anything. Par- ticulars of remedy free.—Leggett, Elm, Wisbech.

FOR SALE, a Quantity of good old Meado Hay at a moderate price; also good Lay for or 15 horses; plenty of grass and good water.—F particularß apply W. F. Shaw, Ludwall, ilartin on, near Buxton.

eihkvag,ni cvd t I: ranted, quiet, ve same; seen before arlll7ll, HindleY. "ALCABLE Receipt for tooth stopping, 7 153, Warbreck-roud, Black-

pool. TP.IISAW Puzzles, Good PiiAures, 70 pieces box, new, only Is.—licEwan and bon, 01d street, E.C. LAe TESSA. Cigarettes, hand- madel\from the finest Turkish Tobacco. These Cigarettes, in boxes of 10s, are supplied at 183. 6d. per 1,000, plus 2s. for portage. Samples submitted on receipt of is. in stamps or p.o.—Kuisar-1-11ind Turkish Cigarette Co., Malta. - -

rCENT Lustrous Black Minor rels; brothers to Ist Kirby-in-AO-Ift°' narch, Market Drayton. Good. comb, 1 ct tYon carriage, dark eyes, beetlY age; 10s. 6d. and Is. 6d.—Geoffrey Lo * b M.norca Club, 011erton, Knutsford. _ _

DION. ING taught coachmen and others; Gpar or afigcei e.n duhaar lainstterzle t f. o Pr rfizteodn.fee. öiHlatest design, low price. R—S't Lit terms; also Light Glass Hearses and Cars; photos free: write for particulars.— , 24. Bradford-street, Birmingham. CUTTINGSTWooIIen or Cotton, f)-0-1,--0-11. eash. Write for Price list--ilandiar and sburr. Yorkshire. TE-1360K, about HERBS and lfolVT; e Them. free: sercl for one.—Trimnell, alist, li4, Richmond-road, Cardiff. Estab- 9.

Dew

- ---- • ---- Qlf OKY Chimneys.—Send for illustrar. 1.7 new, cheap and certain cure.—T. To'< Dumbarton-street, Liverpool, AD UTE RB Overstrung Pianoforte, nearly- suit profesror; cot 50 guineas; accept guineas.-62. St. Mary-street, Warrington. TTILITY TOYS.—Easy-chair wcrktahle lightful New Year Pres .' .'• , little Ada Everitt, 11, Argyll Ma Chelsea, London.

. _ Telephone 99. Office: 15, CHURCH ST. Works: ,DUTTON ST. JOSEPH MOUNFIELD & SONS. Proprietor: ARTHUR MOUNFIELD.

TIIE VERY BEST AT THE LOWFST RATES.

FOR FUNERAL FURNISHING

REFINLIECO

" The moment has now arrived for us to make use of the weakness which he has now shown. After having reinforced ourselves with men as well as with material, the hour of attack has arrived. We have kept the German forces in check, and it is now our business definitely to clear our fatherland of the invader. "Soldiers, more than ever before, Prance relies on your courage, your energy, and your desire to conquer at any cost. You have already been victorious on the Marne, on the Yser, at Ypres, and in Lorraine. You will know how to conquer un' d the final triumph. " JOFrRE." According to Monday's news, the Allied troops gained ground in Belgium. There was some progress in the region of Lom- bartzyde and St. George's and to the south-east of Korteker and the south-east of Biasehoote, the occupation of some houses at Zwarletem, south of Zillebeke, and the bombardment by the enemy of the hospital of Ypres. The British troops delivered an attack and recovered most of the trenches that had been previously lost.

WARSHIPS INTERVENE. British warships have again bombarded the Belgian coast towns of Zeebrugge and Heyst.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0175.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR TERRITORIALS. Treated Well At Tunbridge.

A Warrington Territorial at Tunbridge Wells, writing home, says : " We are all getting as hard as nails, and only waiting orders to do our share in defeating the Kaiser's hordes. The people of Tunbridge Wells are doing their utmost to make our stay here as pleasant as possible. There are between 40 and 50 soldiers' clubs for the use of the troops. Concerts are held every evening in at least one of these clubs, and there is a grand weekly concert in the Great Hall, and refresh- ments are provided free. The general public, too, are very kind, and individual soldiers are invited out to tea at most of the private houses in the town. In a Ward, we are quite enjoying our stay at this historic old place, where our old-time kings and queens were wont to visit and talk politics (perhaps) in the old Pump Room."

PRAISE FOR W.%IIIIIN6TON 11EN.

Good Soldiers—and Gentlemen.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0176.txt | included=true | included =====
A letter recently appeared in a Tunbridge Wells newspaper, from which we extract the following : " I agree with all that has been said with reference to the fine physique and general ap- pearance of the Liverpool Scottish men, who, after a few days' stay amonW us, have now gone to the front to upheld the honour of their country; and I share the confidence everyone feels that they will, when the opportunity comes, distinguish themselves in the field as their brothers, the London Scottish, have no nobly done. At the same time, so much has been said about the Scottish men that a stranger might imagine that they were the only military in the town, and I write this letter in order to remind your readers that the 4th and sth South Lanes. are entitled to as much recognition as the Liverpool Scottish. "It is proverbially odious to make compari- sons, but having come into daily, I might almost say hourly, touch with the men of the 4th South Lancs. Battalion, I contend that all that has been said in praise of the Liverpool Scottihh might with equal truth be said of them. "It has been our privilege to open my late mother's house in Oakdale-road for reading, writing, and recreation, and there we have seen the men, when off duty, and not under military discipline. What higher praise can I give than to say that their behaviour has always been that of gentlemen in the highest sense of the word? From rill that I can hear both from the officers and men, they will undoubtedly, when their time comes, prove to friend and foe alike that the men of Warrington and the stir- rmi,ding districts in South Lancashire are as well qualified to defend all that England ho! Is dear an any other Battalion in the King's Army. "All honour to the men who are fighting our battles, whatever their regiment. "Jwo. B. SN'ELL."

===== 0002601_19141226_art0177.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
^

===== 0002601_19141226_art0178.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY. DECEMBER 26, 1914.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0179.txt | included=true | included =====
PROGRESS OF THE WAR.

Involved Areas.

TWENTY-F 1

IRST WEEK.

AN ADVANCE.

The Allies Move Forward in Flanders.

A despatch from the "Eye Witness present with General Headquarters" issued in London on Sunday night describes recent events in Flanders. The beginning of the Allied offen- sive is the main subject. Until last Thursday progress had been slow, not much ground had been gained, and nowhere had the positions taken been of critical ifflportance. An advance has now been made at many points, but we are warned that the Germans have put the past two months to use in Belgium and have made the most formidable entrenchments. _

Along the Arras, Ypres, Dismude, Nieuport front last week's gains were in the sum con- siderable. Berlin says the British were repulsed on Saturday, and lost 200 prisoners, and Paris says the British have been driven from some trenches they had taken. Further ground was gained before Nieu port and St. Georges, as well as east and south of Ypres, north of La. Bassee, and north-west of Arras. The positions east of Vermelles have been maintained.

Summary of Authentic News From Ail

SPECIALLY COMPILED FOR " THE EXAMINER."

GOOD NEWS FOR THE ALLIES.

German Headquarters announce that the Kaiser, having fully recovered, has returned to the Front.

SOUTH AFRICA.

The South African Government announced on Sunday that reconnaissances.in force are being carried out by Union Forces in the Aus and Gliabub regions of German South-West Africa. This announcement shows that enemy territory has already been penetrated to a considerable distance.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0180.txt | included=true | included =====
METRE'S ORDER. Time Arrhed to Drhe Out Invader.

The report issued on Monday by the German Headquarters and circulated from Berlin by wireless, states that "the great activity shown by the French along our entire front may be ex- plained by the following Army Order, dated December 17th, and signed by General Jere, which we found on a French officer"— "During three months the enemy has made tier and numerous attacks without being able to break through our lines.. Everywhere he has been victoriously 'repulsed.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0181.txt | included=true | included =====
GENERAL

ADVANCE.

FRENCH PROGRESS ALL ALONG THE LINE.

The French report on Monday said that in the Champagne and in the Argonne the advance was appreciable. North-east of Beausejoui, as well as at Prosnes and at Perthes, in the Argonne, and east again in the Varennes region, the front has been thrust forward.

In the Wood of La Grurie, in the Argonne, a sap which was being driven by the enemy against the Allied line, was blown up and the Allies established themselves in the excavations thus made.

The same communique described incidents in Belgium north of the Lys, and anAounced that the first line of German trenches south-west of Lens had been carried. _

On the Meuse, both at Brabant and north of Fort Troyon, the Allies have been active, suc- cessfully attacking positions held by the Ger- mans for some time past.

"The Times" correspondent at Petrograd maintained that these backward movements were due to strategical considerations and had been deliberately 'undertaken by the Russian Higher Command. The German attack north of the Vistula seems to have been completely defeated.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0182.txt | included=true | included =====
POLAND.

Russia Not Defeated.

Russia's main armies were engaged again last week-end, proving that Berlin wildly exagger- ated Von Hindenburg's achievement on the Vis- tula-Lodz front. His -.victory " never promised to end the campaign. as the newspapers pre- tended, and actually has led only to new battles in another place. The Russians retreated in some places about ten miles, but the armies which Von Hindenburg thought he had crushed are holding new positions on the lizura, Rawka, and Nida rivers stoutly. and for the time at least successfully. The Germans were thus still 30 to 40 miles away from Warsaw, with power- ful armies in their front.

RUSSIAN STRATEGY, NOT RUSSIAN DEFEAT.

Monday's communique from Petrograd said confidently that there was nothing of import- ance to report from the battlefields on the left bank of the Vistula, thus doing away with Ger- many's boast of victory. But it was evident that the Russians have had to retire in the centre of their front. They still held the line of the Bzura from its junction with the Vistula. Further south they were posted on the banks of the Rawka, and, south again, they had retired from Piotrkow to Opoczno—a withdrawal of 'very considerable distance, which was due to a new German ad- vance from Wielun.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0183.txt | included=true | included =====
AUSTRIA.

On the Eastern front the Austrians claim on behalf of themselves and their German Allies that the Russians are being pressed back along the whole line from the Vistula to the Car- pathians.

In Galicia the beleaguered garrison of Przemysl made a sortie westward in great strength, evidently with the intention of trying to escape. That is usually a sign that the end is at hand, not that the investing forces are being beaten, as the Austrians allege.

44 TOMMY " WILL REVENGE SCARBOROUGH. Sergt. Joynson, of the Ist Wiltshire Regiment. told our reporter that the men did not mind the fighting, but they found the cold weather and the flooded trenches decidedly uncomfort- able. "When they hear of the affair at Scar- borough," he added, " our lads won't hall' let the Germans have it." iWe were n the trenches for 16 days," he continued, " but if the recruits would come fast enough, there would be no need for U 9 to stay in for so long at a time. The Germans are very quick to Pick up their wounded and remove the dead, so that We cannot ascertain how many men they have lost. We did not know the King had been to the front until after he had returned, but I am sure his visit has put even more cour- age into the men. The Indian troops deserve every praise., but (It ieather is against them. I saw one of the " Johnsons" blow up two men. one of whom was killed and the other wounded."

Him Was It. Foshan Beene, at a hunt breakfast on Long Island, talked of the Quorn pack. " The last time I hunted with the Quornites," he said, "I crossed a. turnip patch side by side with a red-faced, white whiskered old chap on a big grey. We'd best go careful here,' I said to the old fellow. 'They tell me these turnips belong to an old curmudgeon who raises the very deuce if the hunt hurts his crop.' bein' as him's me,' said grey whis- kers, , I guess he won't mind to-day.' "

===== 0002601_19141226_art0184.txt | included=true | included =====
AUSTRIANS AGAIN DEFEATED.

In the extreme south the movement of the Austrians through the Bukla Pass of the Car- pathians has been defeated, and the garrison of Przemysl has been hurled back from its sortie into the besieged city. ' The armies moving over the Carpathians and from behind Cracow against the Russians have been brought to a stand, while the Przemsyl garrison, which attempted concurrently to break out through the besiegers and join its friends, is back again in the fortress after suffering heavy losses.

------- . , , , 1.4,0••••` \ . , _ '4=•4r -'''...44! 11.........„... zA,it et( ; I _ <,-.1, --,:--.;-t--____---- / 11l I ' ' \ ' -...!-,,----z---- ' , 111 ‘i i _____.,- ._...,,____/...........___:.:...-11 i $ ''.."-----,,,,. i-1itA1y,,,Z,...s 11111 i' if - ,-----7-;-,-7- ----;iilifill .) 1 . i .__,., -----.. ill, V- I'leinlp, ~t, ii 1 , , 'Cie.,' ~- -_, CS/116 / ' i rilil 01011Piill' r4l %.____.,,A iVIRGNUGUN ' w ,i l, 111 r 111 gl, IMMO, ~....- 1- ' . 1 / 'II " l'it4i I, • ,di 11141111111111 ft 1, . ----___ - I, -- , . __,_ .._ , ,r ' lf=sji 1 I i a 1 ' I ''.lfritsr".• •- - .1 ...'''_-_-:-..., , .1 7- ' PERRI) i FRANKR 1 ,40.....-',.:-..-- -----....---°-? ---' _ . I 4-o-C,---x4, __— ! 6 i- • ii arw ais wirlillill I' ' " .., i , ,I lindl liallitill i 11;' c ( I ,011111111134„ fill if . I ~,,,,ye ,p. _ N,„,....:,...) i . -, 1 1 1, .1,•.4 1 111 1.14' II 1 . „min, Irarlir .1 1 • ..1 .. ,va' II # ,-..`,. ,I • lii, • Or, 1 1 / ii.lirir iti :1;1 , ;,-:, i,,,5, 000 8 91.7,..,nia;,1 isilliiiit iiiliiilll4)-1/ osAl,jl, , , ~, ireo.,,, . 111 131 ill! ii, , z",„. , :,:. 'ti mirk • -:, *- e;9' i 1 . 4., •',." •- , ••;.i • I 1 1 .14;1 ift„ 'C•;- Ji!.4".'l' ,:' l' ' ( .;;;',,.../' v ~, 'At!li, ,*_ • ._3_,, .' 11, if‘4'N44. !Pr Ithlt ,AI ri iIF:Av 1 .'7- i #a 1 i , . ip ,i i.• -I , • 4 • h.. ,i 4! _m----- i di I '•7 ..;4'..n A 4'h• ••• J, - IL'' •• i ' •:1. I ill I- • iii /11 l' ill ti • 4 1(111 '?7/ itO e i' fik lii ,7 fif I' ' „41,,- ,/ , ...„tql,v,,e'' \\•,-,,,,,/,/,, ~..),-,,.;;01."...,71%<_ ---_-:_-_--_-_-, _ It :, .4. , ~, i ~i, 0 -lOW ps ' .z. ' , -r-------- 41;1 , ~. I 1 ti• rt 1•11 • ,'' ' d'ifitz , / v f . ' : ilo L r-; .4 'rr'/'%. /, ' ,'• ••,1,1.,‘.. <AY '44471tY,- '---- _- --r,l--7- :_:---- , ...... T. 1 ~ 9 4,..,.,it z:., , , . 6 .. /y....,,,, f,,,,,,,,,,1;T,1t. ...,..-.._ • r_77,--.' ... _ , ~. - • ...) -H,, .-------,i,' 1 'Pd.O,3, \ -6'i:, • it% RV:kJ it. i/' /, ' ' ' ".•:,.,4--...;::- ..ulir 1 ---- ' -----A- ' 4 .• . - p ag"4 .71i: ' ,/ „,,N4.---- ~' ‘ ti;, •NtA \\ , ' .''':"..: 'i,' ~', lf i , it•--,..,\Ayk,,,i.,k \-,,,-, ---.....i.„,,:;.....1N. ~,...,.. ~ ~.,/,,, ------ , ~, c -:v..... ---'• ' . 11,1 ,1 ' 1 1 I 4f , - AL ', / • /I,' :,/, ~/. t. i, i,r, ; k i ',/,;-: # , .., , ...,. ,f,,,,. 11 -=''':'!' ';',l / .0:,••• , 111 i ' - "-- --",.•;,•• tr- - .....4-14:4 i• ,•', •• , i..i Ali , it,,,, .;-, , . ,• , hi, ___ _ ...,...:,_-_w,....:,_ -ii ~,,,.,,\N, , , •:;,•„,,..- .14§/,'4;"i ..____ ----- V 4 ),\.".: _,'•! 1/1 1 - ------. 'WI-A I- 74:-.).4‘:)11I,l'44:11 1 II \ AAC"E", !iii I I ,'. ..-.ii;1.4 '‘.?Slt 1?0 .1.1"--11.1,•6111:1,. '',ii:!l! 1114 !..\','l!! :...!„kx,it,itktiv, ~ Vl'. •.:c.5.,,,w,,,;.•,-i.,,,.:‘,1,‘;,,,,,,iiii.,! , I, %I a .•:::.:::,:,i i i it ~.:,,,'/'IV. ~ . , i 1 ':.:": ''-%:,::! ii, Vl4l 1111 , r.-",;• "dj 1' \ 1 li I ..• - • , 4 c4i .•./' •i'lif ' It , I 1 ----." TIC' . •:',.14 . ,'::•;, 1,1 t ' ' ..::: ''-• ,0 F 1.. ‘k 1 I' III:, .1!...! . '''Alit:S\l\At. I ,I 1 ll' ii i -:N; (411 L '7\4.'1l ( '.. ~ !..4.1: ii.:4:l 4, . •,:'!1, .1 \4* ill .. , P,, ~ .. . , 1 \ , ii:,:i.:;:...ii,:.;....,i.jimi v,, 7„-:; .4.....:.:.: ,0 0 ~,,,c4,..?.....N:i . , :-.1..k ‘tt . , h.b1.41:11.JK.ti:,.:; ' .._( 1 rg,.....itr,,i11,,0:1 I, 1-4,..1 i: ,/,.. ~.., ) 1 ,ili. k , .. ----- k_ ' "---- .... ~. 16 .„. 1".„ /, 1 pfr,,,;:,-,......,4 ~ I i - ---__- •Z;',N.,\ 41 4x4"- •,y,.."- '4. s:,:le,:i'S'.--4....4411 ‘/'/4,j1 ,St‘t,' "----‘11,..i.;;;:v1:„,,5,4 I ,t,/,') --470, • 7=7---_._::l- ---,,: ii 44(.*,;,;41:. ' 'ltiVk ~•1;/,:it ___:,,,..ye.,..444 \-' ' 1 , i',1•141..r/5 r'4, ,`'‘/kl,- ::, ' - `.i"4l ' it fr--- •,...------ ---- ';,,Wie'," '4'll'l\ ',,s; ...4\":v5,..; -.,„--;.0,,, iil I ''f ipt4/ /:' 4.:',... • , - , '.'"- ---:'-_=.1.7,..:0.-----.."'- __---- c...,J4.1 4;,%:.,•,•:-.7••-,.,---44, - ••• • - - --- ____ • • . * i . IIE EXCUIS ( Nlsl • (13;•)permis,:ion of the Proprietors of I Scene: Ticket Offiee at (censored). TRIPPER WILIIEL11: " First elass to Paris." Cleric : " Line blocked." . WILHELM : " Then make it Warsaw." Clerk : " I,ine blocked." .. . WILHELM: "Well, what about Calais?" Muic : " Line blocked. ." , WILIIELM : " Hang it! I must go somewhere! I a. i promised my people I woul '

===== 0002601_19141226_art0185.txt | included=true | included =====
VICTORIOUS SERVIANS.

STUBBORN AUSTRIAN RESISTANCE

-THEN PANIC.

"The Times" correspondent with the Servian Army sends a dispatch in which he sketches the main features of the action fought by the Servians to retake Belgrade. The Austrians made a most stubborn resist- ance, but suddenly gave way. A panic followed and the Servians, pressing their advantage, drove the enemy in disorder over the river.

THE FLIGHT FROM BELGRADE.

Leaving— Valjevo Oa the lath, he says, and proceeding over a. route strewn with the litter of discarded Austrian impedimenta, I arrived at Belgrftdo yesterday on the heels of the vic- torious Servian army. The recapture of the capital was not accom- plished without a desperate struggle. Until i demoralisation set n the Austrians put up an exceedingly good fight, but they were unable to withstand the repeated onslaughts of the Ser- vians. The Austrians had been steadily removing their stores in preparation for retreat. A bridge had been thrown across the Save near the railway bridge, but when the news of the loss of Torlak arrived there began a general " sauve qui pent." Officers at mess left their soup half consumed and, wine half drunk and decamped in. a hurry. The multifarious races of the Empire commenced fighting amongst themselves who should go first. The attempt of the Servians to get round on the left and destroy the bridge was foiled by the resistance of the Austrians on the position at Topchider, and the retreat, though wild and disorganised, was able to continue.

SERVIANS' GREAT HAUL. The first Servians entered the city on the moral rig of the. 15th. They were followed by King Peter. while fighting was still proceeding near the bridge. The Servitors then shelled and broke the bridge. At that moment a great num- ber of Austrian troops and, a mass of transport were still south of the Save, and according to the latest count 150 officers, 10,000 men, eight cannon. 250 transport waggons, and 1,000 horses fell into Semi," .bands. Many cannon were thrown into the river.•

===== 0002601_19141226_art0186.txt | included=true | included =====
WAR ITEMS.

SOLDIER WHO HAS SEEN GERMANS FIRE ON AMBULANCES. , In conversation with an " Examiner" repre- sentative, soldiers at Raddon Court related some of their experiences, and Private llarold Smith, of the Ist Battalion Rifle Brigade, stated that he had seen the ambulances tired upon by the Germans. "The enemy are frightened of the bayonet," he declared, " and it is laughable to see them come about ten yards out of the trenches and then run back."

Saved by a Tobacco Box. Private Smith produced a battered tobacco box, which, he declared, had been struck by shrapnel—a piece of which he was saving as a souvenir whilst it was in his pocket. "The Germans won't let us get our wounded out of the trenches," said Private Boodle, who had been all along the point from Mons to Ypres.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0187.txt | included=true | included =====
COMFORTS FOR OUR SOLDIERS.

' ST. ANN'S SCHOLARS' HELP. '. Over £6 Raised by a Concert. Friday a very successful concert was gi St. Ann's School, Dannett-street, the •r, • s of which were in aid of the funds for p ing comforts for soldiers and sailors. or and Mayoress (Alderman and M ock) were present. The programme larg• sisted of part songs by a choir of 40 schola ddition the children gave costume songs, t t successful being "Tell me, pretty maide.! hich was sung by four boys and four girl: " Moonlight," in which the children we t effectively costumed. Both songs had , epeated. Miss Elsie Wilkinson sang "hull Tu," and "There's a land." In respo an encore Miss Wilkinson gave "Land . and glory," the audience taking up t ain. Mr. W. H. Rigby rendered "Up fro •erset," and, for an encore, gave "Three • k." A song that was to the popular ta• "I'd like to be a hero, too," and it w Alec. Evans, in Boy Scout's unifor rrington, humorist, was in4reat for he audience in roars of laughter. • ailed again and again. Miss Wilkin- r. Rigby gave the duet "Night of stars srs. P. Smith and W. H. Rigby were t nipanists. As the last item in the pr, me a patriotic tableau, which was great reciated, was given. Mr. Glover propo• • Mr. Armstrong seconded, a hearty vote ks to the Mayor and Mayoress for th: ence, and the Mayor suitably respond— of thanks were also passed to the artis to Mr. W. IL Rigby, who had trained t dren and was responsible for the w . Over -C6 has been raised by th

THANKS TO WARRINGTON.

Gratitude of the Committee at Fazaherley Hospital.

fThe following is the full text of the letter of thanks received by the lfa,yoress from Lieut.- Colonel Nathan Raw:—

West Lancashire Territorial Nursing Service Committee of the West Lancashire Association, 66, Rodney-street, Liverpool, 9th December, 1914. To the Mayoress of Warrington. Dear Madam,—ln consequence of the excel- lent report submitted at a meeting o the above on December 2nd, by Mrs. Edelsten, of the good work done by the town of Warrington in dis- patching so many hundreds of garments from the Town Hall to the First' Western General Hospital at Fazakerley, I am writing to ex- press the deep gratitude of the committee to you and all in Warrington who are contributing to this splendid work.

Mrs. Edelsten particularly brought before the committee the name of Mr. Fairhurst, the Borough Treasurer, to whom she is indebted for kindly and energetic help; she also wished to take this opportunity of thanking the Misses White and those who attend weekly at the Town Hall and assist her in receiving and despatch- ing the clothing. I might add that the needs of the Base Hos- pital increase rather than diminish, and the committee confidently looks to Warrington for a continuation of its generous and much appre- ciated support —1 am, yours faithfully, NATHAN RAW, MM. Secretary. It will doubtless interest all those who have contributed so generously to the Base Hospital to know that more than 3,050 garments have been sent from Warrington.

zen by .r. W. Fa, Id kept t

===== 0002601_19141226_art0188.txt | included=true | included =====
" TOMMY'S " GRATITUDE.

Liberal Women Workers Receive Many Letters of Thanks. JUST THE TIME FOR MORE "COMFORTS."

At the Crosfield Memorial Hall on Tuesday evening, the last "Gloves and Mittens" classes before the break-up for the Christmas holidays was held, and another large consignment of the very appreciable comforts was forwarded to the headquarters of the Grand Duke Michael's Scheme.

Although the energetic workers have the op- portunity of a well-deserved respite, however, many of them are too enthusiastic to take ad- vantage of it, and Mrs. Osborne continues to receive numbers of parcels—which will shortly be in the hands of the " TOMMiel4" away in the trenches and elsewhere. Many of the girls em- ployed at the works participating in the War- rington scheme, at present have, of course, more leisure time than usual, and they are very suit- ably passing it by the knitting of the orMed gloves and mittens.

Needless to point out, now is the very time for the soldiers to receive these comforts—the win- try weather being at present very severe. The Women's Liberal Association Sewing Class, although officially, so to speak, taking a brief holiday during the Christmas week, like- wise continues its labour of love in various ways.

In addition to the usual contributions to the Mayoress's and other funds, preparations are being made to assist the Veterinary Surgeons' Fund, whilst large consignments of garments are also to be forwarded to the soldiers per Miss Truda Crosfield—who is, of course, serving in France with the Red Cross.

POOR "KIDDIES" ALSO REMEMBERED. With great pleasure, Mrs. Osborne—the ener- getic secretary—has just received a gift of forty pairs of good, warm stockings for distributioti amongst poor Warrington children. Of this considerate gift, the generous donor is Mrs. Ross, of Southport and Iforsetharket-street, Warrington.

"TOMMY'S" HEARTFELT THANKS. Of course, as time passes, great !lumbers of letters of thanks—as well as applicationsns for the coveted comforts, all of which are being dealt with in order—are received by the Secretary, and, the following are interesting extracts from a few of then From Bombardier Peter Broadhurst. "Salis- bury. How thanliful and pleased I am to have a gift from the Warrihgton Women's Liberal Association! It comes in very handy, for it is advisable to change twice a week, if possible. .. Please report this to The Examiner,' for I have my dear old paper sent every week—l couldn't do without my 'Examiner.' !. . . lam glad to ;ay I have been promoted. My heart and soul is for my King mid country." From Rifleman J. • Ritchie. "Sheerness, I am sure the contents of your kind and welcome parcel will be of good service to me, now taw: I am 'one of Kitchener's.' " From Private Joseph Martin. "Sheerness. I am sure it is very good of you, and I Cl:4c the ladies of the Liberal Associatiou for their‘kind- ness to the soldiers."

From Private William Buttress. "Edin- burgh. It is very good and kind of you to think so much about us."

Delighted:7E3ot They Were " Commandeered."

...... From Private Cieorge Davies. Lancashire nisinets. " I was delighted with the garments. Warmth and a change are luxuries here. I am sorry to say that I never got the pleasure of wearing the garments, as they were stolen out of my` tent whilst I Was on parade." Prom Rifleman A. Hawthorn. "Queen- borough, Sheerness, Kent. Kindly convey my very best thanks to the members of the War- rington Women's Liberal Association for the beautifully-made garments." From Gunner G. Other. " Kildare, Ireland.'! I am sure your work is for , a. good. cause, and will be much appreciated by us soldiers, will') are trying to do our ties: for our country and the -people. I thank al! the iiorkers of the Liberal Association for. their great kindness."

Articles Will be of Great Benefit.

•am Corporal W. J. Ilibbeit, Sou Regiment. " I am sure the artic ew .f great benefit, and wish your Associati y success." m Private David Warham, South „ Regiment. " I find the garments and comfortable. It is veiT cold, d 'ss the,plains first thing in a morning:ll ks for the kindness you have shown to om Private G. Pownall, South Lane meat. "I thank you from the bott 'heart. . . . I can assure you I a ceive such a thoughtful present." • rporal D. Ellison. "131ackpo and your committee.

. t . A

merry Christmas :Md }nippy New Year!"

South Lancashires' Very Good Name. From Privats-, T. Wilson. "Tunbridge Wells. I thank you very much, for the garments, which you gave to in,y brothers and myself. It is

===== 0002601_19141226_art0189.txt | included=true | included =====
very kind of the Warrington Liberal A.ssoeia- tion in being so good in providing necessities for the soldiers. I might say that the 4th South Lancashire have got a very good name down here, which is very creditable to Warrington. I'm sure that when we get to France we won't be afraid of doing our ' little hit.' "

Best Things That Could Have Been Sent.

===== 0002601_19141226_art0190.txt | included=true | included =====
From Lance-Sergeant E. Kelly. "In Frump. I received the garments quite safely. They were the best things that could possibly have been sent to me, and I assure you I am very thankful to you for them. . . . I know we are not forgotthn, and am content." From Gunner Robert Pemberton. "Wool- wich. Just a line thanking you for the gar- ments, which . . . will be a great relief for

From Private James Oakes. " Cowshot, Sur- rey. I Irmtl not tell you how pleased I was. What a. good thing that there are people at home like you wbo take so much pains to ensure Oil I vornfortr'

Prorn Dispatch Rider. X. Coyne. " Tunbridge' Wells.' It gives me great pleasure to write my thank s to the .Liberal women who give their serviees in supplying us with the things we need most. . . . May God give me the health tl.l (lo my duty in this fight for liberty, a 4 FM, ItrO ng ymbrs!"

France Covered With Snow. .From Sapper Frank Seragg. "Army Signals. in Fiance. It was with much pleasure—the more so as it was unexpected—that I received your kind gift of garments. They arrived at ,ts most opportune time, the weather now being very cold. In fact, for the last few days the country has been covered in,a white mantle , of snow, and it is freezing day and night. This makes the gift doubly acceptable. . . . With hearty wishes to all who have contributed to make such useful presents, and to the success of the Liberal club. . From Sergeant H. Woodland (late Warring- ton Police). " _Andover. Many thanks for - your ki»dness. • • . I shall derive great bene- fit from the garments, as I have to stand n lot in very cold, biting vrinds—instracting recruits. We are now billeted in private houses, so that we now have a good Warm room to go to after parades, instead of to the cold and cheerless tent's which hare been our 'home for the past few weeks. Will you kindly thank the patriotic Liberal women of Warrington for their kind- ness In MI generously devoting so much of their time to snaking comforts for us?" The ;shave are only a few typical samples of the many letters which arrive every day to let the Liberal women of Warrington know that their untiring and disinterested labours are appreciated to the full, by our heroic Watringtoa " Tommies."

The Dog as Friend and Hap.. on .Friday evening, in Christ Church &hoar- room, Latchford, a limelight lecture was given.. under the auspices of the Warrington Branch of; the Humane Education Society, by. Mr. E. E.- O'Callaghan: Taking for his title "The Dog.. • the Friend of Ilan," by the aid of a large num-- - her or beautiful ,pictures, studies of canine lire and character, tie Lecturer traced the origin. • of the present-day dog from the wolves and wild dogs or different yountries, lie laid stress on the mental and higher endowments of the deit as compared with the other domestic animals, " Whoever;" he said, has once entered intelli- gently into the spirit of the canine community, and fraterni-y, has noted the score or ingenitow, little ways—some wily. some amusing, soul/- tom+ ing, some sportive, all iliteresting—with • which the dog communicates with man everY day of its life; or has been the eye-witness or thl' animal's astute conclusions on • household' matters, cannot have failed to anpveciate the dog as chum and auxiliary. Both us courier sen t tad , he expresses infinitely more than, meets I he eye, while as a domestic pet and friend' he is beyond compute." The irec. G. C. Briggs, who presided, eXPre•"e'l the thanks of the audience for this second visit of thc tmeturer to Christ Church Band of Ilene.

An Old Joke. "A Dundee farmer, who lived not ?lir Dole my old home in bonnie Scotland," Harry Lauder told his frionds, " employed a farm hand named Sandy. II it', Sandy,' said he one day, 'gang toea and gie the eOOB a cabbage each, but min' Ye gie the biggest to the coo that gies the waist milk.'

" Sandy departed to do his master's bidding, Upon his return the old farmer asked him if he had done. :is be was told. ye, master,' replied the laddie, " I gied 'eat a' .a cabbage head, and hung th' bisyst on the pump handle.' "

ILLARKE'S B 41 PILLS can bo relied upon to ' in either sex all acquired or constitutional aiS- gee ,from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and raiaa he back. Free from Mercury. Established uP; ,cls of 50 years. In boxes 4s. 6d. each, of al,' mists and Patent Meclicing Vendors through°e" rid, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers-- coin and Midland Counties Drug Co.. Lie- dvt.

ter] and published by John Walker and Co• N'arrington), Limited, at the ExAmvirg eneral Printing Works, Bewsey-street. "1; .ngton ; also published by them at .11, AAIINER. Offices. 2, Victoria-road:find/le:4; :: eorge-strect, St. Helens.; 3, hlarket-streel. arlestown, all in the County of Lancaster, d at Church-street, Runcorn, in tho Count,. I Chester.

===== 0002601_19141226_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
TO THE TRADE •INCREASE , lUR TRADE IMPROVE YOUR PROFITS By Selling WHITE COB SELF-lIAISING FLOUR J. POVIY & SON, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

WY .0 L I F F ECONGREGATiONAL CHURCH. BEWSEY-ST, WARRINGTON. CHRISTMAS DAY SERVICE. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25th, at 11 a.m. Preacher: Rev. T. T. JAMES. M.A. Subject: "The Message of the Incarnation." SUNDAY NEXT, DECEMBER 27th. 1914. Rev. T. T. JAMES, M.A. Morning, 10.30: " Our Father." Evening, 6.30: Special Service for Young People. Subject: "The Christ that is to be. (A sermon on lines from Tennyson's " In Memoriam.") P.S.A. for Men at 3 p.m. WATCH NIGHT SERVICE, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 31st, at 11 p.m. BOLD-STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH, WARRINGTON, SUNDAY NEXT, DECEMBER 27th, 1914. Morning, 10.30: Rev. W. 'l'. DERRY, M.A. Evening, 6.30: Rev. H. WILLIAMSON, B.A. All Welcome. Hymn Books Provided. SUNDAY SCHOOL. NEW YEAR'S SOCIAL GATHERING, JANUARY Ist, 7 o'clock. Instrumental Music, Action Songs, Quartets, Sketches, etc., by MEMBERS OF THE SCHOOL AND CHOIR. RECITALS BY MR. ALFRED DUTTON. Refreshments will be served about 8 o'clock. TICKETS, 6d. each. 3--.l7:vt'T,Y,it,) I) WFSLEYAN ,CHURCH. . tvAIiItINGTfiN. r.T.7I";DAY NEXT, DECEMBER 27th, 1914. liforning, 10.30: Mr. H. 11. LLEWELLYN. Evening, 6.30: Rev. W. T. DERRY, M.A. All Welcorno. Hymn Books Provided. pßimrrivE METHODIST CHURCH, DEGH-STREET, WARRINGTON. SUNDAY, NEXT, DECEMBER 27th, 1914. Morning, 10.30: Mr. J. J. SNAPE. Evening, 6.30: Mr. H. BILLINGHAM. . _ CAIRO-STREET CH A PEL , WARRINGTON. SUNDAY, DECEMBER, 27th, 1914. REV. IRVINE LISTER. Morning, 10.30. Evening. 6.30. At the Evening Service special Christmas Music will be rendered by the Choir. Organist: Mr. F. W. MUIR, A.R.C.O. All Welcome. IHRISTADELPHIAN MEETING ROOM-. 1-1 BOLD-STREET. WARRINGTON. Free Bible Address SUNDAY NEXT, at 6.30 p.m. Subject: "The Rest that Remaineth TM'. the People of God." Mr. C. MORRIS, Stockport. _ adEBOBNE-STREET BAPTIST CHURCII, tVARRINGTON. SUNDAY NEXT, DEC. 27th. Rev. H. OGDEN. Morning, 10.30: "The End of the Year." Evening, 6.30: "The Christmas Choir." Carol Service. Watch Night Service, JAN. 31st, at 11 p.m.

ATCHFORD BAPTIST CHURCH. -11-AP SUNDAY NEXT. DECEMBER 27th, 191.4. S. ALBINSON, Esq. Morning, 10.30. Evening. 0. All Welcome: Hymn Books Plovided.

ST. JOHN'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. WILDERSPOOL CAUSEWAY. SUNDAY NEXT, DECEMBER 27th, 1814. THE REV. WM. REID. 10.45 a.m. and 6.30 P.M.

A/R. AND AIRS. A. 11. CROSFIELD E 411419 CORDIAL climsTm4s GREETINGS AND rag BEST OF GOOD WISHES FOR THE NEW YEAR TO ALL THEIR WARRINGTON FRIENINS.

NOTICE TO GASFITTERS, BUILDERS, AND GAS CONSUMERS. Several meter. having b,en di9connectedl _ . • :.( :4 has been el-Caned that iegal prooeerfingif should be taken against any person disconnecting a meter without first obtaining the perinission of the Gas Department. W. S. HADDOCK, General Manager. Gas Offices, Warrington. A SEPARATE BUILDING, duly Certified for Religious Worship, named Congregational Church, situated at Elmwood Avenue, Padgate- lane, Warrington, in the Civil Parish of Warring- ton, in the County Borough of Warrington. in Warrington Registration District. was on the 16th day of December. 1914. REGISTERED for SOLEMNIZING MARRIAGES therein, pursuant to 6th and 7th Win. IV.. c. SS. Dated the 22nd December, 1914. ARTHUR BOTTOMLEY. Rpeigirbr.

LIVERPOOL OLYMPIA. Commencing BOXING DAY, and onwards. GIGANTIC CIRCUS. BOXING DAY, NEW YEAR'S DAY, and each SATURDAY. 3 PerfoTmafl at 2, 6.30, and 8.50. Other days 2 Performances at 2.15 and 7 pm, Prices: matinees, 4d to 2s. c.a. Evenings, gd. to 3g. Children Ralf-price; Boxing and New Year's Days excepted. Seats booked by Post or 'Phone 365 Anfield (5 lines). Id. Car from all Railway Stations and Pier Head.. WA R D E P—A—R T N T TO MANUFACTURERS ONLY,. 'rho War Department requires supplies of SIDE-CUTTING PLIERS, the pattern and Specification of which may be seen on applica- tion to the Inspector, Royal Engineer Stores, Royal Dockyard, Woolwich. Sample and speci- fication may also be seen at the Admiralty Pat- tern 'Room, Great Western Chambers, Livery- street, Birmingham; The Cutlers' llail, Sheffield; and the Chamber of Commerce, War- rinffton. Puma of standing not already noted on the War Department's list for Pliers, who are de- sirous of being invited to tender, and who are capable of undertaking orders for rapid delivery, should apply for forms of tender, by letter only, to the Director of Army Contracts (LB.), War Office, Whitehall, London, S.W., after inspect- ing the pattern and specification. Applications should be accompanied by a .banker's reference.

HIPPODROME. 7.0. TWICE NIGHTLY. 9.0. MONDAY NEXT, DEC. 28th, and during the week. BOXING DAY MATINEE AT 2.90. SPECIAL ATTRACTIONS FOR NEW YEAR WEEK. THE FOUR. POWERS. CAMPBELL AND SCOTT. LARKUM BROTHERS. CECIL LYLE. LANCASHIRE LADS. CRAWFORD AND HOWARD. BELLORA. MABEL THOMAS, AND TOPICAL AND WAR PICTURES. Gallery, 2d.: Pit, 4d.: Grand Circle, ad.: Stalls. la.

LONDO N.—WILD'S HOTEL, FIRST-CLASS TEMPERANCE. 34 To 40, LUDGATE HILL, E.C. Central for Bueinsis and Pleasure. Electric Lift. HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND Qum'.

WARRINGTON & SOUTH LANCASHIRE INVESTMENT CORPORATION, LTD. Registered Office: 11, MILL-STREET, WARRINGTON. The Corporation is prepared to make ADVANCES upon interests or expectations under wills and life policies, or other securities, or to purchase the same outright. For further particulars apply as above. J. GREEN CHAPPELL, • Secretary.

STAR KINEMA DAILY AT 3,7, AND 9. c MONDAY, TUESDAY and WEDNESDAY: "A QUEEN'S LOVE." THURSDAY, FRIDAY and SATURDAY: "HIS LAST HOUND." TIMES and PRICES AS USUAL.

E 5 TO -.0,000 LENT DAILY ON THESE TERMS for agreed periods:— £5 loan, Repay £5 10s. £25 loan,Repay 121 10. £lO „ £ll £3O „ „ £33 £l6 10s. 50 „ £55 £2O „ „ £22 £lOO „ „ £llO No sureties, no delay, no publieity. Special atten- tion to applicants from this district. CHARLES PAIKIN. 219, BRUNSWICK-STREET. OXFORD-ROAD, MANCITESTER; and at 19, WITTON-STREET (over Bradley's Clothing Shop). NORTHWICH. _ . "). PI .:‘ ,"' " • ntir CO V ERA. ell' ie.: TAILS ;is HAIR FRAMES. PURE From as. fid. eaeh. HAIR. 1 T. S. BROWN, 3, LEECE-STREET, - (Car Station), LIVERPOOL. - - - - rrIHE PEERLESS CHIMNEY POT. From Builders' Merchants, and from the Manufacturer, Dutton-street, Warrington. Best Red Finish. 14a.: Brown Glazed. 12s. Tel. 09.

Public I\olms—continued. F. W Y E A R'S TON HEATH, LYMIJ. HEATLEY ,tud pasKET.i will CLOSE on FRIDAY, Ist JANUARY, 1915, at 12 o'clock noon a susual.

1111 E CORI—'OIFATION OF WARRINGTON I. is prepared to receive LOANS either for six wouths' notice or for a term of years. Applications. stating amount for investment, to Le made to the Borough Treasurer, tdunicipal Offices, Warrington.

_ Subscription Lists. C"NTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. The Sanitary Works Committee invite TENDERS for the Supply of 20 TONS of Prime CLOVER HAY, an,d also 20 TONS Clean Batten WHEAT STRAW, to be delivered at Howley Central Sanitary 'Depot, in 5-ton lots, or as the Committee may direct. Tenders to be sent in securely fastened en- velopes, endorsed "Tenders for Hay or Straw," as the case may be, and addressed "The Chair- man, Sanitary Works Committee, Town Hall, Warrington," not later than Monday, January 11th, 1915. —Samples to be sent with Tender. The Committee reserve to themselves the right , to accept or reject the whole or part of any , Tender. JAMES J. A. PARFITT, Cleansing Superintendent. 1 Cleansing Department, December 23rd, 1914. The Sanitary Works Committee Require Two MALE ATTENDANTS for the Gentleman's Conveniences in Buttermarket-street. Particulars may be obtained from the Office of the undersigned. JAMES J. A. PAR:FITT, • Cleansing Superintendent. Cleansing Department, December 23rd, 1914. '1 COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. LOCAL WAR RELIEF FUND. .2 I. d. Amount previously acknowledged 393 3 7 Employes N. Greening & Sons, Ltd., 3rd contribution St. James' Senior Boys Employes E. Forshaw & Sons, Ltd., Bth weekly contribution Staff Public Benefit Boot Co., 3rd contribution Employes W. D. Houghton & Co., Ltd., Ropery Dept., 12th con 0 6 0 Employes Fletcher, Russell & Co., Ltd., Pattern Shop, 9th con. ...... 0 5 '2 £39912 4 _ Contribution 18th to 23rd December, 1914, .66 Bs. 9d.

BROTHERS, TANNER CASH OR TERMS TO SUIT CUSTOMERS. COMPLETE HOUSE FURNISHERS. 17, WINWTCB-STREET. WARRINGTON (Next to Central Station).

TEL. 337 x FOR SALE SECOND-HAND PIANOS BROADWOOD 0 0 (Rosewood Case.) SILBER & FLEMING ... £ll 11 0 (Walnut Case.) COLLARD £l3 13 0 (Rosewood Case.) CHAPPELL ... 1112 12 0 (Walnut Case.) BRINSMEAD £l5 15 0 (Rosewood Case.) • I AFTY, ' 1 J.. nEPAIRE g SINGLE I A SINGLE TUNINGS TUNING 3/6 , •_ , DAWSO 59, Sankey St., Warrin; Telephone 179. Telegram.: " Cunningham. Warrington." B. CUNNINGHAM, BREWER. WARRINGTON. CROWN ALE, OATMEAL STOUT. EXTRA STOUT.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. WAR REFUGEES" FUND. s. d. Amount paid to date J. Watson & Sons, Ltd., 3rd con 2 2 0 Mrs. James Fairclough Employes Harry Rogers, 6th con 0 6 0 £84914 9 Contribution 18th to 23rd December, 1914, £3Bs. CGUIV'FY—BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. ! TOBACCO FUND FOR THE 2ND SOUTH LANCASHIRRS (THE WARRINGTON LINE BATTALION) SERVING AT THE FRONT. ! s. d. Amount Wad to date Girls Hathilton-street School Children, St. Ann's School !Employes " Guardian" Office Robert Kay Castle Rubber Co., Ltd., sth con 0 8 9 "Will C.," Sankey £126 12 9 Contribution 18th to 23rd December, 1914, £3 15s. 3d. NATIONAL RELIEF FUND. -LI SUBSCRIPTIONS FROM WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT. X s. d. Amount previously acknowledged 4,332 17 1 Herbert S. Blackly, Esq., 3rd eon.— 100 0 0 Employes Lynton Wheel & Tyre Syndicate, Ltd. Staff & Workmen, R. A. Naylor, Ltd., 9th contribution 2 7 11 Employes Armitage & Rigby, Ltd., Rodney Mill, 14th con. Employes Armitage & Rigby, Ltd., Spinning Department, 10th con ll6 0 Employes Armitlige & Rigby, Ltd , 'Weaving Department, Htli con— 1 4 9 Employes L. & N.-W. Railway, Traffic & Coaching Dept., 12th con Ol5 6 Employes A. Greenhalgh & Co., 15th contribution Staff G. &J. Greenall Ltd., 14th con OlO 0 Eric And Harold Tunna and Frd Taylor; for sale of balls £4,445 3 3 Contribution 18th to 23rd December, 1914, £ll2 Gs. 2d.

Ed uca lon. FRENCH, —GERMAN, ITALIAN AND SPANISfI. CONVERSATIONAL AND GRAMMAR LESSONS BY TRAINED NATIVE MASTERS. PRIVATE AND CLASSES. HIGHEST REFERENCES. THE MODERN LANGUAGE SCHOOL. Apply for Prospectus to PROFESSOR DAHL, At Dawson's, 69, Sankey-street, Warrington. RIVATE Tuition in Shorthand and Typ;— 1. writing (Standard machine). Terms moderate —Apply Mr. T. Lowe, " West View," Penketh. • _ SOUTHPORT —MODERN SCHOOL. A First-class School for Boys. Staff include .6.A., B.Sc.. F.C.V. Principal, J. C. UNDER-. AC.?., etc. QTOCKTON LODGE 'HIGH SCHOOL-. L 7 STOCKTON HEATH. WARRINGTON. (3 minutes from car terminus.) :/ay and Boarding School for Girls. Kindergarten, P.repsratory School for Boys. Large house, exten- stye ground and playing fields. Excellent Resident -kali and Visiting Masters and Mistresses. Great duccessen in examinations. Prospectus reterence, tind views on application to MISS PARTINGTON. Principal. "At Home " eWednesdaYe

THE PRIORY HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRL, WARRlNGTON.—Kindergarten and Prepara- tory School for Boys.—Principal. MISS DRING, L.L.A.A.C.P. Stuff includes BA. and L.R.A.M. Next Term commences Ti DAY. JAN. 19. 1915. WILLIAM COOKE, P.R.C.0., PROFESSOR OF Music. Lessons on Organ at Eymm Pariah Church; on Pianoforte, &c., at Pupil's Itesi, ,lenee: at 121. Church-street. Runcorn: and at BROOKFIELD VILLAS. LYMIS.

HIGH-CLASS CHILDREN'S Toys FOR CHRISTMAS. Irk lOW Volk 'elk NOW VIM Miniature Bassinettes, Rocking Horses. Swing Horses, Tricycles. You can have one laid aside AND PAY WEEKLY. PLEASE THE YOUNGSTERS COME AND INSPECT. WOK Nollik `walk 'oft NNW 11/4 Nis" loOlk *OK Nook p Di Emmy, nr. CENTRAL STATION

OUR SEASONABLE DRINTIES : MINCEMEAT, CAKES, PLUM PUDDINGS, PIES, FANCIES, &c., &c., are Good as HAYES I3Rn: BREAD ' THAT IS THE BEST.

ROYAL COURT THEATRE, WARRINGTON. SATURDAY NEXT, DECEMBER 261 h, and foll Owing week, at 7.30. Matinees at 2.30 on BOXING DAY, • MONDAY, DECEMBER 28th, and NEV YEARS DAY. MACDONALD and I'OUNG present THE MARRIAGE MARKET. fly Arrangement with Mr. GEORGE EDWARDES. Box Office Now Open. Booking Prices: Evening: Stalls, 3/- & 2/6; Circle, 2/- Matinees: Stalls, 2/6; Circle, 1/6.

USEFUL CHRISTMAS PRESENTS =lame Lillie, 13, RYLANDS ST. J WARRINGTON. Up-to-ate jYCttUnery :: I tam% t,•:, IIANfIEERCIIIEFS, AND FANCY N ECM\ Eth. Special Show of DAINTY BLOUSES and FASHIONABLE FURS.

1914 XMAS 1914 New Season's

Hy. Milling & Co. Ltd., 5, Horsemarket St. and Corporation St., WARRINGTON. TEL. 452.

WINTER SALE Commencing Saturday, Jan. 2, FOR FOUR WEEKS ONLY. MRS. WALSH, Ladies' and Children's Outfitter, 50-52, SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON.

Wood's College BOLD-STREET, WARRINGTON. TRH LEADING PROVINCIAL COMMERCIAL TRAINING COLLEGE. BRANCH AT 1, BUTTERMARKET-STREET, MARKET GATE, CIVIL SERVICE AND GENERAL SUBJECTS.

XMAS GIFTS Prices to Suit EVERYBO Of.

Speciality: •PT.dr, ' GEM RINGS. 40,40'

Also Fine Selection of Pendants Brooches Bracelets Lockets Signet Rings Necklets Solid Silver and Electro Plate.

MILLER & CO. 10, SANKEY ST., WAKKINGTON. Telephone 386 a.

Warrington Cafes, Ltd. L%:; CHRISTMAS, igl4.

All CAKES and CONFECTIONERY made with Pure Butter and Best Ingredients, in our own Bakehouses._ CHRISTMAS CAKES, exclusive designs, carefully packed for postage. Rooms Lent for Whist Drives and Dances during the War-time. Catering at Moderate Charges

Outdoor Catering of Every Description Undertaken. Estimates, with Menu, by Return of Post. Hire of Plate, Glass, China, and Linens, &e. All .inds of SAVOURIES and SWEETS Made to Order. Pates, Game Pies, Boned Turkey, Boar's head, Entrees, Jellies, Creams, Ices, Ice Pudding.

tc Lstb,, It 444 V121=161 FO EMP taYES 1. kS an employer have you seen that every fit man under your control has been given every op- • portunity of enlisting? 2. Have you encouraged your men to enlist by offering to keep their -; 3. Have you offered to help them in any other way if they will serve their country? 4. Have you any men still in your employ who ought to enlist? Our present prosperity is largely due to the men already in the field, but to maintain it and to end the War we must have more men. Your country will appreciate the help you give. More men are wanted TO-DAY What can you do? GOD SAVE THE KING.

"JUST THINK OF IT." "Just think of it—a full Christmas dinner for a shilling—soup, turkey, plum-pudding, pine- apple, coffee—" " Where?" "I don't know where; but just think of it!" GOT WHAT HE WANTED. He was a poor man, but a contented one. Santa Claus came to him, and said: "What do you want, my friend?" "Nothing," replied the man, hoping his modesty would be richly rewarded. And dear old Santa Claus was so pleased that he gave it to him, and passed on. THE ELEPHANTS AND THE MOON. This is the fourth and last •of our series of stories which used to be told in India three thousand years ago. It tells about some ele- phants; who, in time of drought, were hard pressed to find water to drink. At last, how- ever, they discovered a pool, near which lived a colony of hares; and, in going to and fro, the elephants used to trample upon several of the bares every day. The matter at last became so serious that a meeting of the hares was held; and, after a lot of talk, they decided to send the oldest hare to stop the elephants using the pool. The following day; as all the elephants ap- proached the pool, the old hare stood upon a hillock and said: "Sirs, I have been sent by the moon, to tell you that this is his pool; and that the hares, whom you are driving away, are it guardians." "But," replied the elephants, "how are we to know that is the truth?" "Well," said the old hare, "if you will come here to-night, you will see the moon in the pool, shaking with rage." That night all the elephants came to the pool, and in it saw the reflection of the moon, which quaked as the water rippled. Then, in great fear, they all promised not`to trespass on the pool any more. Superstition often makes the mighty tremble. THE DOG AND THE PROVERB. A Frenchman did not like the look of a bark- ing dog barring his way. "It's all right," said the host; "don't you know the proverb, 'Bark- ing dogs don't bite?":' "Ah, yes," said the Frenchman, "I know ze proverbe; you know ze proverbe; but ze dog—does he know ze pro- verbe?" TWO SMART BOYS. Teacher: "Now, can any boy finish this sentence: England expects Willie: "To win!" Teacher: "So you've come to school without a pen, Tommy! What would you say if one of our soldiers went to France without a gun?" , Tommy: "Please, • sir, I should say he was in officer." "ONLY TWO OF US." Tommy was describing a splendid feast he had had on Christmas. "Yes," he declared, smacking his lips: "I never enjoyed a dinner so much. Oh, that turkey! What a bird! It was absolutely deli- cious, and there wasn't a bit left but the bones!" "How many were there of you?" someone asked. "Oh, only two of us." was the startling reply. " What ! Only two?" "Yes, two. Why not? The turkey and I!" HE DESERVED ONE. It was Christmas morning, and Mr. Brownton was taking the air, when a seedy-looking man strode up the garden path." "Merry Christmas, guy'nor," he said: "I've called for my Christmas box." "Christmas box?" echoed Mr. Brownton : Why, I don't know you. Are you the village dustman?" , "No, sir. I'm the chap that played the cornet outside here last year, and you told me to take toy 'ook." "Oh, you are, are you?" said our hero, shud- dering to think about it: "And why, pray, should I give you a Christmas box?" " Well, guv'nor, I haven't been here playing this year." And,.w;lising what a lot of agony he had been spt:redi. ‘‘. thankfal gentleman par*l with a Christmas sixpence. - STORY OF THE GLOW WORM. Many children who live in the North of Eng- land have never seen a glow-worm, that queer- looking little grub which at night sends out of its body a wonderful radiant light like a tiny fairy-lamp. The poet Shelley speaks of A glow-worm golden, In a dell of dew, Scattering unbeholden Its aerial hut Among the leaves and grass That screen it from the view. This is the beautiful legend of how the glow- worm got its wonderful light: It was the Holy Night. The new-born Babe lay on the straw in the manger, and the blessed Mother sheltered him as best she could from the piercing wind. The ex and the ass drew

near and lay down to form a bulwark from the draught, that the heat of their warm bodies might be given to the little King. The little birds filled up the crevices of the stable and then came and nestled close that their little downy wings might protect Him still further from the cold night air. Now in the stable there crept a little lowly worm, so poor an insect there seemed nothing that it could possibly do for the new-born King of Love. With longing the little worm looked on at all these offerings of the animals and birds, and cast about for some service that could be rendered by one so weak and small as himself. At length, with great labour and perseverance, he managed to lift one leaf from the poor and lay it on the little One's soft limbs. As he did so, the Babe stretched out His hand and laid one tiny finger upon the worm. The glow of that touch has never faded, and to this day the glow-worm has kept its lustrous light to remind people for ever of that loving act of service. IN SAFE KEEPING. "Grannie," said little Maggie, as she counted over her nuts on Christmas morning, "can you eat nuts?" "No, pet," said the old lady. "I've no teeth." "Then," said Maggie, emptying her pinafore in Grannie's lap. "I'll give you these to mind till I come back." HIS CHRISTMAS LIST. "I am really delighted at the interest my boy Tommy is taking in his writing," sajiTlfr. Hickleby. "He spends two hours a day at it." "Really? How very strange! How did you get him to do it?" "Oh, RS for that, a week ago I told him to write me out a list of everything he wanted for Christmas, and he's still at it." A PLOT PREPARED. Uncle: "You want me to tell you a story. What sort of one would you like?" Bertie: "The one about the good uncle, who gave his nephew a new bike for Christmas," "LIGHT" ON THE PUDDING. Mistress (shouting to servant in kitchen): "Why do you not bring in the plum pudding, Jane?" Jane: "I'm bringing it now, mum. We couldn't get the brandy to light, but it's all right now—we poured a little paraffin over it." A NEW WORD GAME. Here is a new kind of game in word-building. Make as long a sentence as you can out of ten names taken from any war map, using only the letters employed in the names chosen. First write down the ten names you are going to use, and then make the most sensible sentence you can from the letters employed in them. ONE SHILLING A BOX. Some recruits were being drilled by a very impatient cavalry drill-sergeant. After about an hour of hard drilling at the sword exercise, the sergeant gave the order, "Stand at ease." No sooner were the men standing at ease than the sergeant commenced to complain of their attitudes and wound up by saying, "Why, you fellows are like a lot of dummies. I can get a smarter lot of soldiers at a shilling per box." After a minute's duration, one of the recruits remarked: "I suppose there would be sergeants among them?" LOST AND FOUND. This beautiful song was penned by an Ameri- can, whose name I do not know: I lost the brook as it wound its way Like a thread of silver hue; Through greenwood and valley, through meadow gay, It was hidden from my view: But I found it again in a noble river, Sparkling and broad and free, Wider and fairer, growing ever, Tilt it reached the boundless sea. I lost a tiny seed I sowed With many a sigh and tear, And vainly ,waited through sunshine and cold For the young green to appear: ' But surely after many long days The blossom and fruit will come, And the reapers on high the sheaves will rai,e For a joyful harvest home. , • I lost a love that made my life, A love that was all for me. Oh, vainly I sought it amid the strife On this dark and raging sea: But deeper and purer I know it waits Beyond my wistful eyes; I shall find it again within .the gates Of the garden of paradise. A FREE GIFT. Messrs. John Bothwell, the Cocoa Factory, Golborne, is now making a free gift of Butterfly Chocolate to all consumers of their celebrated Welco Cocoa. This cocoa is pronounced to be absolutely pure, free from shell, and the cheap- est and best that can be procured. It only costs 4W. for a ilb. tin.

RELIABLE FLOUR MEANS ECONOMY IN USE AND RESULTS YOU CAN BE PROUD OF EVERY TIME. YOUR TIME AND MONEY SAVED BY USING, Mc. DOUGALLS SELF FLO U R WITH EXACTLY THE RIGHT AMOUNT OF RAISING INGREDIENTS. Ready Mixed for Von.

LOOK TO YOUR . . . FIRE PROTECTION AIsD TO MERRYWEATHERS' FOR FIRE EXTINGUISHING SUPPLIES. Inspections carried out by thoroughly drilled and trained Fire Inspectors. "London Made" Fire Hose, Hand Fire Pumps, Chemical Eatinctors, and Fire Escapes, ready for immediate delivery. MERRYWEATHER & SONS, 63, LONG ACRE, & GREENWICH.

1 I 1 --, XI Jubilee YearA 864-1914. X , xmpts GIFTS. ( , With a reputation of 50 years you must be RIGHT and SAFE in COMING TO SEE US. / We never had a larger or more comprehensive selection, and we have never offered better value. , GOLDSMITHS Sankey Street SILVERSMITHS ~..,--------, / ei• DIAMOND vvAIgJNCiTON I I MERCHANTS - - All our goods, even the least expensive, have the stamp of originality and artistic style. TELEPHONE 386. , ,

205th Year of the S [IN FIRE E OFFICE FOUND 1710. Oldest Insurance Office In the World ------75-:•:.,e,T-_,'.:`4.41,------.- -- _ -, --i - 71.4f,1-11. 1•,.. 11, ;IL,-- -.-_-1- 17 44':-.,.:4,75-"',--t-1 ;lii 1, :,„„2:‘ J '-?,,. , ~„, ~c_ -N.E7LI‹, tie i ',--- c4l ...hi. , 4,tktO •H Ili. t.'4';-'l*o4 -I - % _ * _ - ,- ...--------11- ^--,--t. '>.?„,,, - .... OTC' ... Copi.4 frors Polley dated= Insurances effected on the following risks WIRE. 157XM7GE. AESULTANT LOSS OF RENT AND PROFITS. EMLOY ERS' LIABILITY PERSONAL ACCIDENT, lz WORKMEN'S SICKNESS de DIA e ASE, COACPENsATION. FIDELITYGUARANTEE, DOMESTIC SERVANTS, BURGLARY. PLATE GLASS, Agents in Warrington Messrs. J. R. Pickmere and Son, Bridge Street Biesgrs. Wood, and Son, Commercial Chambers, 55, Horsemarket Street. Mr. Louis A. Voisey, 21, King Street. Mr. R. Lowe, 5, Hittermarket Street. IMessrs. Spencer Wallhead & Son, 5. Egypt s treet.

Deaths. LlLLEY.—December 18, at 13, Edward-street, Malabar Lilley, aged 53 years. WlNFlELD.—December 19, at 2, Queen-street, Mary Ann Winfield, age' 63 years. TRAVlS.—December 19, at 89, Winwick-road, Mary Travis, aged 76 years. MlLLER.—December 21, at 3, Beatrice-street, Annie Miller, aged 44 years. BOARDMAN.—December 21, at 42, Dalton Bank, Margaret Boardman, aged 74 years. T MOUNFIELD & SONS carry out Funerals CP • in town and country. Every equipment.— Office: 15, Church-street. Tel. 99.

CHRISTMAS. Although this number of "The Examiner" is dated Saturday, December 26th, it is published TIIURSDAY, DECEMBER 24th, because Christmas Day and Boxing Day fall on Friday and Saturday, the usual days upon which the paper is printed and published.

OVERCOATS. -- Our Stock Comprises the NEWEST MATERIALS & STYLES ---- AT PRICES TO -- surr EVERY POCKET. LATEST D.-B. STYLES, SMART RAGLANS Perfect Fitting. From 21/-. OUTIIS' OVERCOATS, from 10/6. BOYS' OVERCOATS. Splendid Selection. From '5/6. SEASONABLE PRES'ENTS. _ MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT 10, HORSEMAIRKET ST. WARRINGTON.

THE FREEMEN NOT MADE. Lively Debate in the Council Chamber Last Night CLEAR HOSTILE MAJORITY.

THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY. DECEMBER 26 1914 War Stories: Bo Letter & Interview

being that they had thrown over their belief in Jesus Christ. They were intent, not upon the peace and spiritual joy of Christmas, but upon crushing this country. • It was saddening to think how they had plunged Europe into this great conflict. The people of this country had no desire to interfere with Germany's prosperity, yet in pursuance of their desire for world power they had brought about the war. Although this Christmas, the Rector added, would be a sad one in many respects, that should not prevent Christians from rejoicing in the commemoration of the Incarnation of their Saviour. He appealed to his hearers not only to make their home life as bright as possible in the circumstances, but to keep the day in the Church's way. GOLBORNE-STREET BAPTIST. An excellent musical programme was rendered at the Golborne-street Baptist Church on Sun- day evening. Mrs. Heywood gave "He shall feed his flock" and "He was despised" in most effective manner, whilst Miss Bates, in spite of a slight cold, sang "Come unto Him" very sweetly. The choir, under the leadership of Mr. H. Barnes, rendered "Oh, Thou that bringest good tidings," "Thus spake the seraph," and "We have seen His Star in the East," with great effect. Mr. S. Bickers pre- sided at the organ. The Rev. H. Ogden read an extract from a letter written by Captain Chap- lain Tattersall, a personal friend, who is serv- ing with the forces at the front. Next Sunday evening a carol service will be held. PUBLIC AMUSEMENTS. HOLIDAY .ATTRACTION AT THE ROYAL COURT. The brilliant light opera, "The Marriage Market," will be presented at the Royal Court Theatre on Boxing Day and throughout next week by Messrs. Macdonald and Young's Com- pany of talented artistes. There will be a matinee at 2.30 on Boxing Day, Monday and New Year's Day, in addition to the usual evening performances at 7.30.

UMBRELLAS AND WALKING STICKS. most bestus ae fnudl Christmas Presents Thousarrls to select from and all our own manufacture. Children's Umbrellas and Sticks a Speciality. WALNISLEY 81 SON, 117. ,vsITCTMOARRIAr SS T. GATEadn Tel. City 1203. MANCHESTER.

ATKINSON'S CAFE LTD. 81, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON HAVE THE FINEST SELECTION IN Xmas Cakes, Xmas Crackers, Chocolates and Confectionery. WEDDINGS, BALLS, 11 HIST DRIVES, &c. CATERING A SPECIALITY.

NOTICE OF REMOVAL. George ---oward IRON AND METAL MERCHANT, has removed his Storage and Breaking Yard from Froghall Lane, to more commodious premises,*ith private sidings L. & N.-W. Fly. at Jockey. Lane Bridge. Head Offices and Metal Stores, as usual, at 2, Bennett St., Warrington. ants : Metals, Warrington. Telephone No. .

11=11W1 FOR BEST POSSIBLE VALUE IN FURNISHING GOODS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION, EITHER FOR CASH OR ON EASY 'mums. NIAKE YOUR SELECTION FROM THE IMMENSE STOCK DISPLAYED LN 50 SHOWROOMS. Al Complete Furnishing Stores, THE ppoNEE,R BOLD ST., LIVERPOOL

M3DF.RNISE YOUR 0..0 GRATES .., AT SMALL EXPENSE , - ' By fitting one of our Barless Fronts. .., > 1 •-• . .**-•:.•• ....,....„.. .s.•. • !•;.,:..,:::.-:'..,.•••••••••1 -:••;:.::,;,:•......,..-...• • J. S. GARLAND ,„,....... 51, 53 & 55, BRIDGE ST., ?.......44.,...-5zy.,,:N.;:w4..?,..:?:::.,..z.v?........-- W7IRRINGT,zIN. . '''...'''f;M:-S;;:a:AW::•*"'"'"'. Sole Agent for the celebrated " Herald " Cook- :, t?':::;'•)••••:••••'1, '"'' ' ing Ranges and " Peveril " Fire Grates—still ahead ot all others.

CHRISTMAS TIIE SEASON OF GOOD WILL AND HAPPY MEMORIES —when tokens are given for future memories' sake and to express a feeling of love and esteem. Vhat better gift is there therefore than one which lasts a lifetime? JEWELLERY GIFTS are the best of all. We have a splendid selection of RINGS, BROOCHES, BRACELETS, CHARMS, PENDANTS, NECKLETS, LOCKETS, WATCHES, SIGNET RINGS, SCARF PINS. IVATCH CHAINS, SOVEREIGN PURSES, CIGARETTE CASES, 'MATCH BOXES, STUD and LINK SETS. &c. Also ART ENAMEL-MARE, CLOCKS, BRONZES, CUTLERY, FISH SERVERS, FRUIT KNIVES, CAKE DISHES, • • : : CRUETS, &e. &c. • • • ' At Most Reasonable Prices. CALL AND INSPECT THEM TO-DAY. • • John Finlayson Horsemarket St.

PRINCE'S CAFE SANKEY STREET, Also London Rd., WARRINGTON, Stockton Heath. High=Class CONFECTIONERY. Xmas Cakes, Xmas Puddings and our Celebrated MINCE PIES. ANY MOTTO PUT ON YOUR CAKE AT PRINCE'S CAFE. ORDER EARLY.

Athrilling record of a- great historic event— thousands ' have been sold. From the opening syren of the transport to the departure of the troop train for the firing line, there are seelIVS of such 1111b0Unded enthusiasm that carry the hearer-wifil them. This record should be in every home for Christmas—together with its companion describing "Christmas in Camp," No. (66819). EVERY ' REGAL' RECORD YOU BUY CARRIES YOUR CONTRIBUTION TO THE PRINCE OF WALES' FUND. I:1000 already paid in Royalties.

Come atom; and see us, or write at once fOr lists : rri-ICOMA.SI rr 14.1(140My Gramophone and Record Dealer, 61, PRIESATLEY-STIZEET, RANK QUAY,

FOR - Bottled Ales and Stouts and BEST VALUE in WINES & SPIRITS GO TO PETE I H 7, Horsemarket Street, Warrington.

mi sei m •a • TOFT S BREAD THE BEST YET

FIELD OF SPOFF.

I WARRINGTON'S BEST FOR BATLEY. An Interesting Game in Mud, Fog and Rain. JOLLEY BADLY MAULED IN A RUSH. • Notes by"Centre.!' • • The first encounter with Batley this season ended disastrously for Warrington, the York- shire men, playing on their own ground, collar- ing the League points, after a strenuously con- , • • tested game, in which the lads from Wilderspool tried desperately hard, but found the fates against them—as well as the weather; though, of course, that was really against both teams. • A thick, pea-soupy fog hung over the field. So ‘, dense was it that whilst in the earlier stages it : was not easy for the spectators to follem the, play, towards the end it became almost impos- sible for them to dd. so; the final whistle being sounded in semi-darkness. In addition, lain , fell, so that, on the whole, the conditions were ' just about as remote from the ideal as they could possibly have been. Still, what was . visible of the game was decidedly interesting from the spectators' point of view, clever rounds of passing on both sides lending it a touch of distinction. Unfortunately, neither side was able to finish the game with a full complement of players, for, just prior to the interval, Thomas, of Batley, sustained a severe injury to his ribs, as the result of a, collision with Brookes, whilst, about half=way through the second moiety, Jolley was badly mauled in stopping a Batley rush and had to. retire from the. game.

WARRINGTON "OFF FORM" AND TIMOROUS. When the whistle signalled the cessation of hostilitieS the score-board read: Batley, a goals 2 tries (10 Points); Warrington, nil—and one could not but feel that the result just 'about represented the respective merits of the . two a; ea , teams, judged on the afternoon's play, and judged on that only, for Warrington were not o in their best form. Batley- had the advantage er er —for what it is worth--of playing on . their native heath, so to speak; whilst in the second, id and scoring, half they had also the help of the in of downward slope—a help which is a help indeed is in the closing stages of a fast game on heavy ground and amid depressing atmospheric sur- roundings. The enforced retirement of Jolley was a big blow to Warrington, for in many 4 tight corner he had been showing wonderful

Mal r, n 1 le le , 0 re

poommaimMotor-cycles and Carsomomw cceesorles. a I• epal:a by competent men. Petrol and tyros. W KNIGHT STOCKTNIINDIgA;rOHADOAFIAGE, Telephone 63 Stockton Heath. , -

• BENSON'S . "Perfect Safety" Self-Fitting GOLD WATCH BRACELETS. Th 'ine& quality, A ith Lever Movements, in many New Shapes, with Expa.z.ling Bands in a variety of Widths. Buy from the Large. NVateb Makers in pondon who sett WARRANTED ‘ INIEKEEPERE ONLY. 411' ,- , .- - - 'lll , \*.4l,r4MM,7v . '4..;., ( 0 • ..1,1.+1!. r-4,, ~. *i71...._. • ' ' • ' Illi."°;4' r ~,.......,,I, - „_. ,i,...,41.v.. 4-.A---Aior In Gold, from £5. 55.; Gem Set, from 412.125.; Or in Silver Cases, with Leather Strap, from £2 . 28. ' . FINE RINGS. .tiry'N'l,,,,•-' (1 111.41 :I.r*•'•.'4''z'Al.— 2.'!:•'..,,,--‘„D.::•,-,''' , .7. ~, , itits, , ~, ..1., ,'- ..1, \,...,.:.--.. ,;....•,,,.....;, .. t. ~,e. i • 'k.....), 1._....... ' ‘ .1•1221:1Z, .:-.° All Diamonds, or Ruby, Sapphire, Emerald, Pearl, Opal, and Diamonds, . from £2 to £5OO. Selections on Approval at our Risk and Expense. New Illustrated I No !,, of ('locks. Bracelet', yasi!,eih4i eirtriniflsatwj:ch size card), &e. Books Post Free. 1 issfoo -, ',I iii'c'ex:;%isui,m-Ndrever Goods Silver Presents, Travelling Cases, &e. 44 eitltte system of MONTHLY PAYMENTS is Available. Makers to the Admiralty, . BENso,i, 'e ‘O9 62 & 64, LUDGATE HILL, E.C. _

X2l 3Fe CD MEL MIX 24T 'X°

PADDINGTON DRAW WITH LEADERS

There are some interesting games this week- end The Y.M.C.A. and • Newton Cons. will be a keer. contest. Paddington and Trains Green will be a "Derby." Earlestown Mission declare they will beat the champions, Fairfield United. The White Star boys are going to make a strong effort to defeat the Recs. Lovely-lane is the venue for this match. Unless the weather clears up it will be a Lovely-lans_" . MATCHES FOR DECEMBER 25. Bank Quay Rees. v. Warrington Central; S. C. Essenhigh. DECEMBER 26. Earlestown Y.M.C.A. v. Newton Cons.; Smith. Paddington v. Rollins Green; W. Dennett. Bank Quay Recs. v. Orford White Star B. Howell. Earlestown St. John's Mission v. Fairfield United; G. Knight. NORTH CHESHIRE LEAGUE. Second Division. Linotype T. Stockton Heath.

----- - - - - ii ift .r. uNcHll ALMANACK IS ENTIRELY DEVOTED TO THE ENEMY OBTAINABLE dr-4. of all News- 4 1 agents and Book- 4‘ ..:r„7101114:7 -;., • :'' -: i.: sellers everywhere. :: ieg.t,"te: PRICE _. SIXPENCE z : , 11 2

HERBERT JOHNSON, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. BEWSEY CHAMBERS, WARRINGTON. Sales by Auction of Freehold and Leasehold Properties, Building Land, Ground Rents, Farming and Trade Stocks, Household Furni- ture, Stocks, Shares, and Debentures. Valuations for Sale. Probate and Mortgage. On reasonable terms. Bale room, Queen-street. Consignments invited.

,---7—_ I) TIOMESI IC,S, Wanted for Canada; vanced; conducted parties; good ~ good wage3.—Write or call, Commissioner' 'Tr balvation Army, 170 a, London-road, Liverpool, .• , 122, Queen Victoria-street, London. eLKNERAL, good, Wanted, age from 20 to .! " Apply, with reference, Cemetery Hotel,Royt. , eIIeINERAL, good; age 18 to 24; two in famil . X referenee.-1 Palatine-road. Withington. no fAnchester. _ _ 1-lENERAI:, good Wanted, for farmhouse. , ..X Apply, by letter, Mrs. Glover, Bunter's Hon , Aintree. ejENERAL, good, Wanted, about 22; two 1 1 ILX family; plenty of outings.—Jones, Dunrav Rock-lane West, Rock Ferry . ,CIEN—Eltc—L SERV-TC. —NT, .-----good, .Wanted; fo: 11.71- in family.—Apply, by letter, Allen, Woodsi.l , Whit Manchester. near Manester. - _ ._ _ .. . ' GIRL' superior, Wanted; good referenc essential; three in family; good wages. Pierson. Chemist, 141, Victoria-road. New Bright.. . ------- —__ GIRIS, respectable, Wanted, over 16 years age, as Salt Packers.—Apply Middle Wyt. Salt Co., Ltd., Middlewich. . 3,111-ID-GENERAL, 25 to 30; only one 1 Imily grown up.-20, Hamilton-road, N• Brighton; 5 minutes from shore or station; la:, ',. neighbourhood. .

ADDITWNA.L Steady Workmen Wanted.— No irregular attenders need /IPPIY. Wage* CA. Per hour and overtime.—Apply John W. Leitch and co., iiilnebridge Chemical Works, near Rudders-

----- LACKSMITH'S STRIKER Want.. s B • ' • .. .... nail on.—Barton Grimshaw Dell -ma '.. I Upholland, Wigan. . _ _ _ ___ gan_!---- . BOYS Wanted, about 14 to 17 years of age.. Apply W. D. Houghton and Co., Ltd., Sank.. • , Wire Mills, Warrington. _ TURNERS Wanted in Turbine Shop. 'M' steady workmen and good timekeepers per .. neat positions. Apply Labour Exchange for ra way tickets.—Richardsons, Westgarth, Hartlepool: , WAN-it-ED. Cowman, must be good milker. ' Apply Wilkinson, Huyton-lane Farm, Hn. ton. near Liverpool. . RKMAN Wanted, used to farm wor wages £1 and good house.—Dean, Ov Peover, Knutaford _-- ._--.._—__ ATOUTFI, respectable, Wanted by 10ca1,,, -I. man, to drive pony and assist; ref quired.—Write Box S., " Examiner" 0. rington.

ALL PERSONS HAVING BUSINESSES TO SELL are advised to consult Mr. Cowdell. 20. Museum-street. Warrington. TIAIRY of Milk Wanted, 7 to 8 dozen daily.— Clarkson, 18, Regent-road, Altrincham.

Medical. Nurse Hammond's Improved Remedies act in a. few hours when all else fails. Surprisingly effective. Send stamped en- velope for FREE SAMPLE to E. C. Hammond, 304, High Holborn, London. JJISCOVERED At Last! Absolutely new remedy for Consumption, and other various Chest Complaints of Adults and Children. Harm- less, Effective. Price Is. ltd. and 2s. per bottle.— The Fruto Manufacturing Co., Pencaecrwn-road, Penyrheol, Gorseinon, Wales. -p-ILES.—Trial bottle "Pyleal," the great cure, 9d. post free.—Pyleal Co., Colne, Lanca- shire.

" TIIE INDOMITABLE VIGIL." We gather round our Christmas tires again To hail, with grateful hearts, the Heavenly Birth; Our listening ears amid the dark we strain. To catch the angel-song of "Peace on earth." But a strange shadow broods across the skies, Lit long ago by Christ's own shining' Star, And from the East we only catch the cries Of strong men wounded in a world at war. We tremble 'neath the sacred mistletoe; Its pallid fruit reminds us of the dead; And, as *one sang of Christmas whom I know, The holly hurts—" its berries are too red." But still for us the Christmas tires are warm, And still the ancient Christmas feast invites; We reek not of the rising of the storm, And drown our sorrows in the old delights. We sit at ease, our roof-trees firm and strong, Our cattle safe, our children by our side; While thousands from their ruined cities throng In dens and caves and hedges fain to hide. In quietness and confidence we lie By friends surrounded, while in trenches drear, Where hissing shrapnel lights the flaming sly, Our soldiers stand to keep us safely here. The very camp fires scarce for them may burn At Christmas, lest their watchful foes should see; Their hearts are with us while their eyes they turn To face the crash of Hell's artillery, Or, wounded, shiver in some roofless barn. Or fall, untended, on the bloody field— Heroes of Mons, and Ypres, and the Marne. Willing to die, but not prepared to yield. And what of those who on the wild North Sea Their stern, "indomitable vigil" keep Night after night, day after day, that we At home in England may in safety sleep? Out on the heaving waters dark and chill, When the tumultuous tempest loudly roars, With nerves unshaken and with iron will, Through the long weeks they guard our island shores. With straining eyes they gaze towards the laud Where envious rivals in the darkness lurk, Or, drenched with rain, upon the bare decks stand, Where deadly mines may do their devil.i work. Dreaming of home, as the slow months go by. While stealthy death may stab them tinals:.re, Or some dim monster, soaring through the sky, Creep near and siDite them with the bombs it bears. And always watching for the shadowy ships , That sneak out some defenceless town to raid; Waiting the thunder of the iron lips Whose utmost wrath would find them undis- mayed— Patient, undaunted, sleepless, tireless, brave, "Out of the limelight," ready, hour by hour, Whether the bellowing tempests round them rave, Or the fierce snakes of ocean crawl and cower. Bold are the lads who on the bleak earth lie, Wet to the skin or frozen to the bone; But not less bold the men who death defy Far out upon the heaving waters lone. " They also serve who only stand and wait "-- Easier to face red battle's devilish roar Than month by month to guard our island gale And keep the foiled invader from our shore. Shall we forget them as, secure at home, Around the festive board once more we meet? Secure alone because, beyond the foam, These sons of Nelson man that silent Fleet. " here's to the soldier in his sodden trench"- 11 raise our glasses and, with eyes aglow, WC% _,Proudly drink to "Tommy" and to Ireneh— Shall we forget brave "Jack" and jellicoe' ARTHUR BENNEW. *Richard he tiallienne: "Cliristma,; in War-time."

URNISH . • , ,OUR HOME e , ASTEFULLY and ÜBSTANTIALL , . LI An Inapection of our stock ,e • convince you that comfort an in the furnishing of your won not neoeesarily moan extra outlay. UR FUIPINITUR - EASES THE E All goods sold by us are ma tured in factories under our cr. I control and supervision. from • • sive designa. We can thus ay • . to our Customers a well made of useful as well as artistic land substantial manufacture.; „ , , 11 PRICE: IT THE P = = By controlling manufactories place the goods on the Market be. ing one profit only—the goods got • direct from us, the manufacture Ito our customer, the consume ; beariag only the one profit and n two or three as charged elsewher • 'UK EASY , . ,_.. AYMENTS UIT YOUR I Terms can ka * • • NN orth Monthly altered to suit t • Poe £lO you pay 7/6 convenience o , , „ £2O ,„ 15/. Customers. •.. •**lf) “ 20/- Discount allow „ 00 L5O 27M •• for ,:ash. „ L 1 „ .55/- £l2 Carriage paid • ` all parts. - END OR GALL OR GATALOGU IWe will send you free, by post, an • : you c have on application, o.' Large Illustrated Cataloue gan Price List. IT COSTS YO' NOTHING AND WILL E3AV , YOU POUNDS. , 'LOB ikes's. , , ' FURNISHING C • ' 1.1. R. GRANT. Proprietor) EMBROKE P : 7 LIS/ ER POCO ' , i, RAILWAY FARE ALLO ' i. , . ... y Closing Day, Saturday,
