===== 0002601_19090102_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
IN PARR H JANUAILY tiTif, 1901 'MORE CS INCLUSIVR OF REFR4SII IERTS a. BACH. GALLERY TICKtITS FOR RNTRIITAIN3IIINC3,6D BACH [JAMES HENRY SMETHURST, 13rIery Croft, Warriuton, Hon. Sec.

BAPTIST EXTENSION FUNDS. THE POPULAR CANTATA

" ESTHER : THE BEAUTIFUL QUEEN,"

WILL Br BENDRRIM Dr THE LEGH STREET PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHOIR IN THIS BAPTIST CHURCH BUILDINGS, GOLBORNE STREET, ON THURSDAY. JANUARY 14ra, 19:9. CHAIR TO BR TARN AT 7.45 P.M. SPECIAL SOLOISTS.

Admission by Programm. 61., en 1 a limited number at 3d. sald ls., to be obtained from Members of the Choir and Officers of the Baptist Church and at the dr.

ROYAL COURT TIIKATRE, NV AR ti 'SOTO'S. PROPRI ETOR : MR. JOSEPH BEECH. GENERAL MAWAGRR MIL A. M. LOADER. MONDAY NEXT, JANUARY 4TH, 1909, FOR ONR WEEK ONLY MR. WIINTWORTH ClitOK3 WILL PRESENT

HALL CAINIA'S GREAT PLAT "THE BONDMAN"

rIRECT FROM DRURT-LANE TIIELTRE. FULL LONDON COMPANY, MAGNIFICHNP sCHNHRY. 1313AIITIFUL DIIRS3II3.

MOLDY, JANUAILY 11TFE. 199, 1:1114 MOODY-11A.NNRIN °PIMA. CINIYANY.

BOX PLAN NOW OPHN.

SPFARE ETR E, LIVERPOOT,. L 3 EATURDAY DFCFMBER 2'm AT 1.30 AND EVERY i-VIINING AT 7 O'CLOCK. VIP. GRAND CHRISTMAS PANTOMIMR JACK AND THE BEANSTALK. MISS ADA REEVE AS "JACK." Bur porttd by the Strongest Pantomime Co. in England. EVENINGS AT 7. MATINEES FOR THR FIRST WEEK AS FOLLOWS : Monday, Dec. 28; Wednesday, Dec. 30; Thursday, Dec. 31; Friday, Jan. 1:t ; Saturday. 2nl ; and Monday. Wed • nesday, Thursday & Saturday at E o'clock until further notice

0L D 11 lc N' S ANNUAL DINNER AND AGED WOAIEN'S TBA. _ _

l'Ersinr.NT : ALDERMAN JA3IHS SVIBTHURST. EeQ.,J.P.

TFIB ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION DINNER

FOR OLD MKT, AND TEA FOR AGED WOMBN

WILL BE HELD ON THURSDAY, JANUARY 7rø, 19C9.

PARR HALL, WARRINGTON'.

DINNER Olt THE TABLE PUNCTUALLY AT 12 Noos, t

AND TEA AT 6 P.M.

AN ENTBRTAINMUNT, will be held at 7.31 p.m., at which several well-known local Amateurs have kindly voluntpered their services. Inch-111mi tin 1-IIPPODR°3II3 AIITI3TIi?, by kind permission of MR. I'd&CSA.GStrinl. SUBSCRIPTIONS will be thankfully received by the undermentioned members of the Commlttee.

president, Ald.rman lames Smethurst, DN., JP. ; Vice- president. Mr. Rich ird Shans!eton ; Hon. Treasnrer, Mr. Councillor John Niel ; Hon. Sevetary, dr. Thomas Arthor Sutton ;His Worship the Mayor, (Alderman W. J.Fors haw). Air. Thomas Atherton, Mr. Thames Locker, Mr. Charles B. Bunch, Mr. Cosine her W. Ifog.rs, Mr. Alfred Jilley,Captain A F.G. Potter, Mr. Farms& Derles, Mr. Alderman Thomas Thsrton, Mr. Harry Hope, Mr. Thomas Bowers. Mr. William Webster.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNTY PALATINE OF CHESTER. LOCAL TAXATION LICENSES. .rIERSONS RESIDENT IN THE ADMINISTRA- r TIVE COUNTY OF CHESTER, that is to say : the County of Chester including the Municipal Boroughs of Congleton, Crewe, Dukinfleld, Hyde, 3facclesfleld and Stalybridge, situate therein, are requested to take out Licenses for (a) ARMORIAL BEARINGS. (b) MALE SERVANTS. (c) CARRIAGES, (including Hackney Carriages end Light Locomotives). ((1) GUNS. (e) TO KILL AND DEAL IN GAME. (f) DOGS. at Post Offices situate in the Administrative County and NOT at Post Offices situate within the County Boroughs of either the City of Chester, Birkenhead or Stockport, or elsewhere, SO AS TO SECURE THAT THE PROCEEDS OF SUCH LICENCES may be credited to the Administrative County. - REGINALD POTTS. Clerk to the Cheshire County Council. County Offices, Northrite Street, CHESTER. December.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
B. CUNNINGHAM, 189, WINWICK RD.. WARRINGTON (Telephone 174 BREWER'S AGENT AND BOTTLER OF Guinness's Stout, Base's Pale Ale, Bass's No. 1 Strong Ale, Worthington's and Alisopp's Ales. Devonshire and Hereford Cider. Wheatlev's and Mack's Hop Bitters. Allsopp's and Jeffrey's Leoza BEER Ii BOTTLIC, ALBO MIDITJACTURERB

HIGH-CLASS- biINERAL WATERS

===== 0002601_19090102_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
15TT1 AN,,f4u"A"L 8,t1.1 A DJUSTRD DRHSIiNTATU/N U7-110E1ES. DJUSTIM 1213611NTATION VI A.OTH33. Tis' MORI/ PROP( rABLN, PRUDRNT, AND RCONOMICAL 'lO BUY A WATCH WHICH 13 SLIGHTLY SIiCONDHA'ND. YOU CAN BUY THH WORLD'S BUST PRODUCTIONS IN WATCHES FROM THI3 STORH, IN CONDITION WHICH FAVOURS NIIW AT Tfill UNDRII- HENSIONED INTERRSTIVG paicus. Write OR CALL. RHDUCED SALE PRICBS. Q AYH rA NH icr ALP. ‘J.711 _L ALP. CATALOGUIi A. 170 T3RICEI 1 IST ATALOGUS AND 1 RICH IJI3 _L TAAVIII,'d, 30, LO LIVSRPOOL. I_ 1 AVIHS'S, D &NIBS'S, Close to Olympia, a few minutes from Lime street. via Loodan road (015 Swan Car).

Railway Allowince Up to 100 Miles.

SALE ri" £lB/10/- GEM'S lIIIAVY 180 T. 1RYL1433 IjUNTBII.

Full-size, very high-grade, superb, heavy WIVE 'I HUNTRiI, jeweled on ends 19 Rubles, brequet chronometer expansion balance, timed for heat and cold, and in all positions ; will nct vary 5 seconds a month ; splendid resifts after close te.1102 end timing, by T.IOS. RUSSHLL, Churcu-streef, Liverpool, with outsiee stop work. ORNTRH-SHOONDS CHRONOGRAPH. and WIRY LATEST IMPILOVHAHSTS; a 'fine " watch, mounted in (near 4ozs.) strong 13ct. SOLID GOLD THROUGHOUT, hall-marked and Government stamped, with makers' and our warnnty for 25 years ; new 7 months ago. Also 18ct. ADJITSTHD KRYL)I3S HUNTlitt with c,rtificate of rate, by noted London makers to the Admiralty; our price £22 103. ; usually £Il. We will advance at any time upon the Russell Hunter R.ls,upon the latter £lO. Approval. Dxchanges invited, correspondence solicited.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
BIGH GRADH ADJUSTRD wATOI-1119.

£lB, SALR yawl £6llBl- -180 r. CHRONOGRAPH HUNTER 2,6/18/-ariligaraggdZeottMANfig ING KEYLESS OHRONO.II3I'IIIII LEVER, by eminent Church-street maker ; jewelled in all 'salons with real rubles, " Brequet " spring, compensation totiance, patent keyless action, with decimal dial registering the 300th part of a minute, WOUND AND TESTED DAILY; first-class timekeeper, 20 year.' soarantee and ose month's trial. Also SOLID HbAVY HALL ',TASKED EINGLICH f PLATE LEVER, HIGH GRADE (15 jswels), English Keyless HUNTER, by RUSSELL and soa, LtvitupooL; new 6 months ago (proof); guaranteed for 25 years ; now defaced at £8 18s.; usually £lB. Stored free. APPROVAL.

£l6, SALB pßicli£4/18/- 50T. ENGLISH HIINTBR BY 'VINSON. Gent's Solid 18ct. Gold, Superb, Very High-grade Latest Patent Full Jewelled chronometer Lever HUNTH it, by this Noted Maker, J. W. Benson, Ludgate-hill, London, maker to his M4jesty the King, brequet eprin g, chronometer balance, will not vary 5 seconds a mouth; Aonth's Free Trial ; 2) years' guarantee ; sent on approval. Also Hall marked Solid Gold llnglisti Lever Keyl,-ss Hunter, by Russell and Son, 24 19e., usual £l5. Also Solid Gol Hall- marked and Government Stamped Waltham Hunter, 24 19a usually £l5. Sent on approval. DAVIRS'S FOR GOOD WATCHES RBDUCBD. W ORTH SALE prucH 29/6 WALTHAM RULLBD GOLD HUNTER,

BXTRA STRONG- GLINT'S " W4.LTHA.SI KRYLBSS ROLLRO GOLD HUNTED?, a Magnific.nt Higi)-grade World-famed Genuine " Waltham ' Lever KKYLigB HUNTER, with our GUARATtikI FOR 20 'NAAS, without mark or scratch. ond equal in appearance and wear to a £4O watch, WILL NOT VARY 5 SBOOND3 A MONTH, with compensating balne, brequet spring, patent keyli-ss, jewelled in rubies, unbreakable mainspring. LATEST IMPROVDMIINTS ; month's trial ; money refunded If not sathfactory.

£B, SALE pRioB £2/8/6. LADY'S RUSSELL'S SOLID GOLD KEYLESS LEVER. New 6 months ago. Laly'ss i-plate Keyless Lever, ?DLL J./SWELLED, white dial. plain cas.s, HALL MARKED, and ENGLISH GOVRLINMENT t,TAIP3I) CASE, damp and duet proof, makers' and our guarantee 25 years. Also bnglists Lever by Leoomber, keyless action, white ditl, usually £9. Sale price £3 58. Al,, 12-guinea Russell and Son 18et, b:eyless Le7er. Bale Pride £4 18a. 6d. Approval. £7, SALE pittuu 37/6. GEINT'S _RUSSELL lONGLISH r BITER. 171 •

GldiT'S VALUABLE ENGLISH CAPPED Chronometer LEVEV, home-made by Russell and Son. Makers to the Queen. Church-street, Liverpool. NEW 5 MONTHS AGO (proof) ; VERY HEAVY, tight snap, HALL-MARKED SILVER ; timed to 1 minute a month; makers' ant our guarantee 25 years; MONTH'S TRIAL. A beautifully. constructed English Lever, LIKE NEAT, WITH ALL LATEIiT IMPROVEMENTS. Payments, monthly or tn%ekly. Deposit secures BA.IIGA.IN. Approval at ono. 4-GUINI3.I. SOLID GOLD (WEB VJHAIN R 1/19/.'ent's Fashionable stampel every link, massive graduated Curb, in perfect con- dition ; also Double Curb, 465. ; another heavier ditto 593. ; also Gent's Government-stamped heavy Singe Curb, like new, £1 103., now 555. Also ALL CHAINS REDUCfiI) FULLY 10s. IN THE £1 BELOW USUAL PRICES. Also heavy massive solid graduated Gold Curb, £7, now 635. ; also 8-guinea heavy fine DOUBLE CURB. £5 15s. ; and also a very massive Joub e OPEN GUARD, £9, now £5 18s ; GOVERNMENT HALL-MARKED EVERY LINK OF MOST RELIABLE & UNDOUBTiaD •QUALITY. Best prices allowed for oil Chains in exchange. Ch tins stored free. Payments weekly or monthlt,. Write for Chain List Free, SATISFACTION OR CASH BACK. BIG SELECTION. GENUINE QUALIFY ONLY.—DAVIEb'S, LOW-HILL, Liverpool. 'Phone 3777 Royal. LADY'S £3 SOLID GOLD LONG GUARD CHAIN,

27/6—FASHIONABLB "DIAMOND OUT" (cheapest on the market), full-length SOLID GOLD, stamped and warranted ; another blight sparkling Link, at 350. ; also beautiful 4-guinea Solid Gold Squi.re ' Belcher" Link Guard, full length, stamped, now 395. Others at 429., 475., toa., and Ess., lncludirg "Rope," "Alms," Tracr," "Secret," and Diamond cut links; also t'nassive Solid Gold Diamond-cut round Belcher, £5, now £2 17s. ; and another Ditto £7, now £3 5..; also charming full-'ength solid Gold Dress Chain, intersected with gem-set balls, highly chased, £9, now £3 19s. One of the LARGEST SELECTIONS AT ONE-HALP USUAL PRICES. See Windows. Payments taken. GUARANTEE with each, and money back if not as represented.—DAVlES'S, 30, LOW-HILT . LIVERPOOL. Tel. 3777 Royal. Price List Pree. APPROVAL.

TEL. No. 123.

ESTABLISHED 60 YEARS (in Warrington).

TEL. No. 123

===== 0002601_19090102_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
E. FOA-SHAW SIN

LIMITED, ENGINEERS, BOILERMAKERS, IRON AND BRASS FOUNDERS, MERSEY BOILER WORKS,

MAKERS OF Mersey Stop Warrington. IRON CASTINGS from the smallest size up to 20 tons weight. Clean, Well-moulded and of the Highest Quality, To buy the best finished castings is to frequently save 50 per cent. in Ittbour. BRASS CASTINGS (any weight) Gunmetal, Copper, Aluminium, Phosphor Bronze, Damaxine, Acid Proof Metal and all ether Alloys.

CONSTRUCTIONAL IRON and STEEL WORK, Corrugated Iron Roofs and Buildings, Farmers' Hay Sheds, Barns, Store Sheds &c.

Iron and Steel Tanks, Cisterns, Steam Jacketted Pans, Boilers, &c. REPAIRS by experienced and skilled workmen to all kinds of machinery, and to STEAM BOILERS, GAS ENGINES, TRACTION ENGINES, MOTOR CARS, DYNAMOS, STEAM ENGINES, OIL ENGINES, ROAD ROLLERS, MOTOR WAGONS, ELECTRIC MOTORS

ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING, Speciality work. Drawings and expert advice submitted free.

Heavy Machining and Forging _done for the trade; Turning up to 15 feet diameter _

Milling,

Planing up to 5 feet square. Slotting up to 18 Inch stroke. Punching, Shearing and Bending, Pressing, Dishing, Flanging and Rivetting by hydraulic pressure.

Unlimited Tackle and Special Appliances for efficiently dealing with repairs and Break- down work, accumulated during an establishment of 60 years.

ejIiNUINE “erbal Pemedy for Liver Murders, le. per bottle.—J, ENS, 212, Francis rd., [yon. MAS.—Liver, Gnrfiold' Herbs Cure. 9,1. P.o.—VEssmrs, Roseett, N. Wales.

STA 111 NI NG. —Hvery sufferPr shoal obtain my Treatise. only ls. I.l.—HursT.22 Harris st.,Peterborongli

CLI.F.ICAT DitI7GLESS HPA.LTH sliOnl47.—Sen4 2 stnmps k.fi for putienlsrs.—HEaLTo, 35. Osr!eton bt , Nelson.

STIMM!! MAIIRIACM—Its causes and curative treat men. By a late t4enior Physicien to a Hospital fcr Women. A new eiltion just published Post free S. 9.I.—SHILLET it CO., LTD., 33, arcaaahurcb, it. London

===== 0002601_19090102_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW YEAR GIFTS.

• : -'• • • CE & * •

LIMITED,

GOLDSMITHS, SILVERSMITHS

and JEWELLERS,

SANKEY ST., Corner of Bold St., Warrington,

You can always depeni upon getting just what you have been trying to think of.

Something novel and out of the ordinary.

A Splendid NewV Year Gift is a

rig I a s k• „ :os r ..4 . ' Keeps liquid hot for 24 Keeps liquids ice cold as hours without the least long as you wish without attention. the least attention.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
Eustance es. Ltdo9

Sole agents for Warrington and District. Telephone No. 381 x.

ItIMIEn

A r ONEY UNDilli WILLS or DHlMS.—Persons entitled 1/1 to Cash or Proper,y at death of others or to Life Incomes can Borrow at Bank Bate, or Sell. A.ivic free.— Messrs. McVn-rris. 34. Moorfields. Liverpool.

CAbli ACCOMMODATION £lO TO 1,000. INTlllabl 2. G. IN TIIH 12 FOR AGREED PERIOD.

W. JACKSON, 36, CR03F11.1.1) ST.. WAUR

WIDNES. £5, £7, £lO, £2O, no, £5O, .neo. IVDVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to IT.ADES• MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respect. Lie Householders. on their own security, without delay, on our simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNII2, . TOOT 07 THE CENTRAL STATION. MIRAGRR JOHN E. GOODWIN. N.B.—Warrington and Runcorn Applicant may receive Money any livening at their own Homes. NO FEES! NO PINES it NO PUBLICITY !I Q 3 AND UPWARDS ADVANCED DAILY, in 511110 LEST PRIVACY to all respectable Hous.holders. Tradespeople, Farmer., and all persona worthy of credit. without sureties or bondsmen, " on simple promissory mote only." at reasonable interest and easy repayments to suit all chutes. Distance no object. Call or write in confidence to THE CHESHIRE ADVANCE CO., 25, Cairo it., Eankey it., warrlngton ; also at 1), Greenwood et., Altrincham. Head Office, sn, Waterloo rd., Manchester. All applications and letters promptly attended to.

L'3 TO Y YEttBU.l married or single WORTHY OF CHBDIT -rl,OOO emu nave money on note of band only ON TEIOI3 at this well-known established Office. We are the only Firm where you can DIIFYING get a loan without the usual loan office COMPIIIITION. routine and without feea. Our Motto is straightforward Lancashire dealings. Lonna can be paid as tollowg otherwise. £3 loan Is. stLekly £lO loan 21. 63. weekly £5 ~is. ed. „ £2O &s.

.. .. £7 „ 2s. £5O -, 121. Eid. .. ~ The Rbove terms are altered by mutual arrargement. Rxiaing hana paid off and increased. Call or write MAURICH A Co., M 1.93 C. COTTPRILL (Mixsoiaxes), 31, CAIRO bTRORT, WAIIIIINGION. N.B.—PRIVAOY GUA it ANTRIM.

ESTABLISHED OVER FuETY YEAH:). B. HARRIg, 2, RING-STREET, HANLEY, AND 13, NEWGATB STREET, CH Et.TRE. PROMPT PRIVATH ADVArCES, In Sums of from 1310 to 12100 ON bIZPLE PROMISSORY NOTE PAhTIRB wishing for temporary CASH A DVANOES should note the advantages offered, viz.— THE SIMPLICITY OF THE PROMIS.SOILY NOTB TO 13/3 SIGNED THE LoW RATH OF INTEREST CHARGED ACCORD- ING TO RISK THE WRTTTEN GUARANTEE OF STRICTEST PRIVACY THE SYSTEM OF SMALL REPAYMENTS EXTENDING OVER A PERIOD OF TIME CONVENIENT TO THE BORROW HR. NO BILLS OF SALE ARE TAKEN UNLESS AGREED. AND THE TRANSACTIONS ARE NOT PUBLISHED INANY NEWSPAPER OR GAZETTE. AI3SOLUTE SECRECY OBSERVED. APPLICANTS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATV:MT:O2 IRRESPECTIVE OF DISTANCE. In urgent cases a Representative 111 call personally ripen applicants am-I complete the transactions at their own home or places of business. My fair dealing ar.d reasonable charges are widely known and my reputation stands unrivalled

RSTO £5,000 LENT DAILY LOWEST INV:IEII3T IN BNOLkND. £5 loan, Repay 2s. weekly. £25 loan, Repty 10s. weekly £lO „ „ 45. „ £3) „ „ 125. „ £l5 „ „ 65. „ £5O „ ~ 205. £2O s, is Ss. ~ £lOO „ „ 355. „ No Sureties, no Delay, n) Publicity. Special attention 1 applicants from this district.

METROPOLITAN LOAN & DISCOUNT CO., 219, BRIINSWIOK ST., OXVORD RD., Iti&NCHEISTRR ; and at 19, WITTON ST., (over Braibley's Clothing Shop). NORTHWICH, 65 EDMISTON RD. (corner of ClAmm St.), CREWE, 8, TItliNT/lAM ST., RUNCORN.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
C , .!. .... ::;:il -': . . e• ' ;,..,. t 'f., ..; • ''...,,; 17.!;--K 0. ....` • ..,&AmaThfr. ' v, e vipTo. • • .., _ . .

SCIENCE NOTES AND NEWS.

SLEEP INDUCED BY ELECTRICITY.

For some years Professor Ledue, of Nantes, has been experimenting with inter- mittent electricity at low pressure, and ad- ministered at frequent intervals, as a means of inducing sleep in animals. He finds that sleep can be induced by this means, and that during such sleep the arterial pressure in- creases. If the electric pressure is then in- creased the different functions of the body are suspended one by one until death takes place.

"A Delicious Beverage, easily assimilated."— Food and Cookery.

A Cocoa you can Enjoy.

z • - - *- • ?"1 Arr.. • • • • • & N rati . • •••• -- • - - - •/- • • •i- -• . . , _

===== 0002601_19090102_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR TWO ATMOSPHERES.

The lower atmosphere and the upper atmo-. sphere are believed by Professor J. Hann to be two very different gaseous mixtures. Ab the earth's surface tire compcsition is: Nitro- gen, 78.03; oxygen, 2099; argon, 094; car- bonic acid,, 003; hydrogenA 0.01; neon, 00015; helium, 000015; krykton, 0-00010. At a height of 20 kilometres (1.2-43 miles) ho fuads the nitrogen increased to §4.34 per cent., with 15.19 of oxygen. At 100 kilometres the hydrogen seems increased to 99-45 per cent., with 0'453 of helium and only 0-og9, of nitrogen.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MUTTON BIRD.

The mutton bird (puffinus tenuirostris) was so named by the early navigators of Bass Strait on account of the mutton-like flavour of its flesh. Mr. Frank Dullen, in "The Cruise of the Cachalot;" says that when grilled it smells exactly like roast mutton, but that the taste is more like kippered herring. In certain parts of New Zealand, he tells us, it is. the chief flesh food. The mutton bird has maintained its reputation, ancl it is in some danger of extermination.

SOLAR CYCLONES. Under the title ef "Cyclones on the Sun," the Scientific American has given an accouni of some remarkable investigations on sun. spots carried out at the Carnegie Solar Oh servatory, California, by Professor George E. Hale. The result of these is to chew that • the disturbances in the sun which give rise to sun-spots are of the nature of cyclones. A • -whirling inrush of dark and comparatively -cool hydrogen is one of the accompanying phenomena. By means of the spectro-helio graph , invented by Professor Hale, it is pes- sible to examine s2parately the light due to different incandescent elements in the sun. For by means of a spe.ctroscope the light, say from glowing calcium, can be separated from that due to hydrogen. By means of a second slit the light from one of these alone can be admitted for further examination.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
PHOTOGRAPHS OF SUN SPOTS.

A photograph of the Sun in the light of glowing calcium alone could thus be ob- tained. To study a sun-spot completely, how- lever, it was BecesEary to photograph it in hydrogen light alone. And here a difficulty arose, for a large portion of the spectrum of .hydrogen is at the red end of the spectrum, and the ordinary photographic plate is not sensitive to red light. Mr. R. J. Wallace, of Yerkes Observatory, however, found that by bathing c, an ordinary plate in a certain solu- tion it became so. Photographs of sun-spots were, therefore, taken on plates thus treated in the manner indicated above.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
HYDROGEN WHIRLPOOLS,

The photographs chewed that 'sun-spots are ,centres of attraction drawing in the hydrogen 11)f the solar atmosphere in rapid whirling mo- tion. An early ohservation flocculi of dark cool hydrogen. Later theee were seen to be set in lA-hit-ling motion, ,and to be sucked into a sort of maelstrom at the rate of sixty miles a second. The next morning the dark flocculi were seen to be replaced by masses of heated hydrogen. This is the first observm- tion of the kind ever Trade, and throws a nes light on the nature of sun-spots.

GROWING PERIODS OF TREES. The length of the growing period of apple, pear, cherry, and plum trees was studied by an experiment station for two yew's. By careful measurements of selected branches at intervals of two to four days the growth was determined.. After June Ist there was no increase in the growth of the pear, nor ,he sherry after May 27th. With the apple the branch growth ceased after June 4th, and with the plum June 23rd. Examination of several hundred other orchard trees during July and August showed no indications of fur- ther growth. During the second season no growth on any of the trees occurred after July 10th, while the pear tree growth ceasea June 18th, and with the apple and plum June 27th. Other trees in the same orchard continued to grow until October Ist, at which tithe most of the terminal buds examined appeared to be plump and fully formed. This second growth on the other trees in the orchards began about July 15th, and out of 325 trees examined 06 per cent. of the trees on culti- vated soil and 211 per cent. of those in sod made a second growth.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MYSTERY OF COMETS.

There is perhaps no other astronomical phenomenon capable of stirring the minds of the mass of mankind so profoundly as the apparition of a great comet, says the Scien- tific American. The psychologic effects of a total eclipse of the sun have at times been extreme. The same may be said of those wonderful displays of meteors in 1833 and 1866, .when for a time it seemed as if all the stars were plunging, or were just about to plunge, upon the earth. But eclipses and meteoric showers are very transient, and whatever the consternation they inspire it is soon past. A comet, however, may hold a huge and brilliant sword of fire in the sky for days and weeks—appalling the minds of men with the fear of some impending and

===== 0002601_19090102_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
INEVITABLB CATASTROPHE.

It may be said that the progress of science justifies, the laying aside of apprehensions of calamity from. this source: This is in part true. But not altogether. The probability of a collision is quite remote, it is true. Stilt :t is within the range of possibility. It may be said that a collision would work no great effect. One justification for this lies in the fact that even the central portion of some comets appears to be extremely tenuous, per- mitting faint stars to be seen through thou- sands of miles of the cometary material. But this is not known to be a necessary attribute of comets in general. In fact, the mass of no comet has ever been accurately determined. So, for aught we know, there may be comets whose nuclei are not only large but massive. A collision with such a visitor from the abyss of space would be disastrous in the highest degree.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
SEEING THINGS AT NIGHT.

Everyone must at times have asked himself why familiar objects in a dim light tend to assume fantastic and oftentimes alarming ap- pearances. The explanation is to be found in the special conditions of night vision, says the British Medical Journal. The pupils are widely dilated, and, as in the photographic lens with a large diaphragm, the apparatus of accommodation can only focus for one plane. As the faculty of estimating dis- tances is in great measure lost in the ob- scurity, we eannot focus with precision, and a blurred, uncertain outline is thrown upon the retina. Then, too, colours viewed in a fading light lose their distinguishing hue in a fixed sequence until a point is reached at which everything becomes of

ONE UNIFORM GREY TINT. It follows that the images which are trans- mitted to the visual centres are profoundly modified in colour and outline, and as they enter the eye through the widely-dilated pupil ,at an altogether unusual angle the movement of locomotion gives them a peculiar mobility Now, one relies on experience for the in- terpretation of sensorial impressions, and when these present themselves suddenly in an unusual form they create a feeling of insecu- rity which finds expression in mental per.. turbation and more or less violent motor im- pulsion. In fact, the subject finds himself in the position of a horse which sees a rapidly advancing automobile for the first time and does not know what to make of it. Imagina- tion aiding, these blurred, mobile, and uncer- tain images are susceptible of the most phan- tasmaaoric interpretation, and in Persons who are not accustomed to control sensorial im- pressions by the exercise, of the intelligance the impressions are accepted as realities ad acted upon accordingly.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
REV. W. T. STONESTREET, D D, highly recornmPnds N'ENOS COUOH CURE.

Veno's Lightning Cough Cure has already received the approbation and tecornmendation of Doctors, Clergymen, Scientists, and people of position every- where, but the testimony of one so. well-known and esteemed as the Rev. W. •T. Stonestreet is surely worth more thcn a passing thought. Mr. Stonestreet, writing frctn his residence, " Arnside," Prestwich Park, Manchester, says : - " I am of the opinion that Veno's Lightning Cough Cure is a splendid remedy for coughs, colds, bronchitis, asthma, influenza, and kindred complaints, and I can conscientiously recommend it as a safe and reliable family medicine." . _ .

Vett- o's Lightning Cough Cure is the remedy above all balers for coughs, colds, bronchilis, asthma, nasl catanh, whooping cough, chronic chest complaints, old-age coughs, children's coughs, and all chest and lung t!oubles. Puce 9.1 d., is, lid, and 2s. 9d., of all chemists. •

===== 0002601_19090102_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
IN LONDON.

OLD ORIGINAL and WORLD - FAMOUS. LUNG TON:C is OWBRIDGE'S, FOR

COUGH" &. COLDS The most up-to-date, best known and

most successful Remedy in the World

for THROAT and CHEST TROUBLES

arising from Damp or Chill.

1.4.:, 6 - r $ o . . • - ',. : , . ~ :-.--,, 1,., - vi, ct. - f' t 4 •ot""s ''''' 4; - -.' ;5. n A,_..r.::.: 4 ~‘ '., ' t;,;, 4:1 ~,,,•‘ f - , ' ci*: tiz ---W• ?-6 • r. :•-, - • itz: .."- - 1 te , . -4 .i ,P: -.• • ' ;:i.:, 1 73- '-r. .....,:= . , - .4 .4 ~ StiY, `.t.i '', S P". 145,—• ' Lung Tonic. ;OWBRIDGE," and take no substitute. the Best, Cheapest, and Safest way to recovery. valuable to SPEAKERS, SINGERS and all who suffer from THROAT WEAKNESS.

Established 1874.

CAUTION.—Do not waste money on so-called lung -)nics, which appear to be cheap, but of which you have to take double doses, with disappoint" • results.

W. T. Ow

All the greet shops were thronged to the doors on Saturday. To get from one department to another WbS like edging one's way ccress Fleet-street after a Lord Mayor's procession. Big boys and little boys, big gir!s aid little tirl, fathers, mothers, and aunts struggled patiently for right of Nray Wher- ever (me went in the shopping districts it was the same.

row COUS:I3.• row COLDS.

4 _,6; 1 :i'474°l! ii°L.t --74 €;%?6:-.-A,146, . ish wa...' " -uiesit!::::.-.Z,, 49,... 46- ,o*. —•-,.. 45,„.. i •z-4, . -yr -e.•,--k-. -3.1, THE - , -.., Aez Iffb ...elP.,:' ;',.7. .: • , . " 'ek- 4V;--/ ' 4 to: - 1tp.b....1 , St. ' i ~ . • . ~.... 4 .*• ...4. •isf„. , , --4 fe-s.‘" • *-4'..- ).,- .w... .19. • .11 ~,.•.. .• -. P....! ...1 ..,•.i, ,73:•41. t; ' a.; 11e i.- • - - A , e) .''''''';•. '',.'"' • V -le iik ~.....,..,,..4.../,. ~;t5.t.:.„...::;::::‘,..,::::.4„ i:. ‘-.. 4 • 41, Aft - ;•Pt " • , „ 44-42 in '---V*7o A ..., - . ,-..,.....-• '7,-,.. •-i. , , Me 4 .... A . .4 ...z . .. • Af.:, -, . . ...'4,* • . A ~•4,1 11 l••-.. 0. • ,;1 \4. r .: 1 '.:4: f 4 ?.'r • .• . 1.:::1. . .. . , , ililY•r4V. .' - 4 , • , ~..,.-3^ 'AL..'" R,.... !_x7r -Vb 4 PA. ..„., ...c.o.v. , .. ~ '..4.••-i -e '---.i).,: A , ~..-.• ' - X '.>. ' • • c ( • 1 ~,, ~,,, •-, 4 .4 • '..ri;': ''' _ AV. ,lek,4 11' - L- -4 . t ....., , 0,, , .., t 0.1L7., ~..(•• i..V •47: ..e, * t,. _-,,t. _,, . ..• ~.-1).• ,i.' •ta' . , 'agt," ' '. • 7ke et_`( . 5rac..,..1,-• -r4l . „. .1;.,..• , ...et•-.L,k,,,,,,,, • .itm; .r..0!t1-f.er .t. , e ....;,.....:,p;, ....,e,_ •.5. . 0. -116.,.t... -414: ...._ -,;; -. 44.,P1e.. • :45._, -3.-64:'•.4i:A. ••• -. • ---, -ei e•

,1 Ask for " This is

,:orh

_oirve .4 4,4.45., 4141.'7 kt _OF"

et-I;,' 4 z3m,;.,.e5--, • , .. f:,`. ,4''

Sing Pro-pared by 'BRIDGE, Ltd., Hull. Sold everywhere in bottle, at Is. Id., 2s. 9d., 48. 64.. and lis. C OPYRIGHZ

===== 0002601_19090102_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHT.

Watch-night Services.—There is no mention in the Prayer Book of the watch-night service, which John Wesley first introduced into the Methodist Church in 1761-62. as a celebration of the passing of the year. , After that the annual viatchesight service became a feature of Methodism; and in later times it has been adopted by other churches. in a few churches the service has been continued in the past year or two, on the ground that it has been made the occasicn for irreverent behaviour, and it has been put forward that the services are sensational. But upon the whole there is reason to believe that a good deal of good is effected on these occasions when there are all the possibilities of the preacher's words having particularly great power. Probably most of us have determined that the New Year shall see some little improvement in our ways, and there is no doubt that the solemnities of the watch-night service help a great many people to resolve upon some higher ideals of conduct. The National Anthem.--The National Anthem in now ! played by military bands in about half the time it has • hitherto taken. The keine air is used in Germany and Denmark, but it is singular that, not only our own, but most of the national hymns of Europe have emanated from obscure poets, and comparatively unknown com- posers. By some authorities our national anthem is attributed to Henry Carey, the poet and musician who was the author of "Sally in our Alley" but there seems little doubt that it was in use before his time•l69o to 1743. Probably not otie person in a thousand could repeat the Anthem, of which one verse, usually suffices, but it is not altogether innocent of meaningless doggerel, and could certainly be revised with advan- tage both in thyme and sentiment. The Pantomirnes.—There is a sameness about Christ- mas pantomimes as there is about Christmas dinners. ; Now and again we have an original title such as the Glasgow pantomime " Diccory, Diccory, Dok " but mostly they ese Cinderellap, Dick Whittingtons.Aladdins, Blue Beards and so on. Taking one year with another, Cinderella is the favourite theme not that the story in the back ground makes much difference, It matters little whether it is Blue Beard or Mother Goose, so long as it gives the excuse for spectacle, and the farrago of topical jokes and nonsense, that are so popular with the public. "Mother Goose "by the way was not a legendary person, but one in real life, a Mrs. Isaac Goose, whose nursery songs which she wrote for. her grandchildren, were first published in 1716. The Game Shooting.—President Roosevelt and his wife, who are going to pay us a visit this year, both know London very well, and in fact they were married there, at St. George's, Hanover Square, in 1886. The President is going on a big-game shooting expedition ' in Central Africa, for which the camp arrangements are being prepared in London' and later on Mrs. Roosevelt ,is to join her husband at Khartoum on his return. He I will not have things all his own way in Central Africa, as Lady Constance Stewart-Richardson will also be leaving in the Spring on a shooting expedition to the • Congo. She will make the first part of the journey Tin Mombassa to Uganda, a route Mr. Winston Churchill graphically describes in his book "My African Journey,' and from thence it becomes a very adven- tuyous expedition involving not only risks and hard- ships, tut also dangers from hostile tribes, once the ,area of British influence is passed. This however is not Lady Constauce's first expedition of this kind. She , is a splendid shot, and has many trophies of her travels, all of which fell to her own gun. She was formerly I Lady Constance Mackenzie and married Sir Edward Stewart-Richardson some five years ago. "Trial marriages."—One does not usually regard , Russia as n free and advanced country, and it is a little • surprising to see a Women's Congresfi there, discussing • and advocating" trial marriages." It is from America where it is almost as easy to get divorced as to get , married, that one would expect such ideas to come, but we have had our own reformers notably Mrs. George ' Meredith and others, who are in favour of a contract , for a certain number of years, to he terminated or ; rerewed like a lease. Then there was the lady who advocated the system of two "tries " at matrimony, allowing either party to break the knot at the end of three years. but affording them no release from a second marriage. They would he allowed one mistake, like the dog which used•to IA given his first bite, but having had the chance to acquire matrimonial wisdom there would be no escape from the second venture- There used to be an old custom in Scotland which per- mitted a bride, if found unsatisfactory, to he returned , within a year, but the suggestion of trial marriages" ' savours too much of harbarism,to be seriously discussed and it would of course work out to fatal disadvantage Ifor women. Farthings and the Sales.—That coin of the realm— the farthing—usually despised and rejected, is an important factor at sale time. It is, of course, tacked on to everything, from a pocket handkerchief to a coat !and skirt, yet one rarely catches sight of the real thing. 'lt becomes indeed a mast covetable coin, as at few , places can one get a farthing in change. Begged courteously to accept a small packet of pins instead, it lis difficult to refuse, and one acquires many prickly packages in the course of a morning's shopping. I Forthcoming Bargains.—The greatest bargain at the alles promises to be the blouse with baggy sleeves. This-is likely to be marked down at a quite ridiculous price, as shopland must get rid of all such stock and promptly. The e.sperienced home worker will be able to tell at a glance what sleeves she can make, or replace with new, and undoebtedly many a subsequent up-to- date blouse will thus be attained at very small cost. Then about remnants. The present idea is, for the blouse to match the skirt in colour, though it should be lighter in tone. If possible the underskirt should be of the same hoe as the blouse. This notion is likely to prevail well into the spring, and should be bourne in mind by the remnant hunter. An Economical Idea.—Not every woman who aspires to dress nicely can afford a set of silk petticoats, but a set of frills might often be possible of attainment. For instance at this season of the year, a well-fitting flannel skirt in stripes of soft grey, could be worn, cut to reach a little below the knees only, and a close row of tiny loops worked all round very evenly a little above the knees. Then several frills could be made, of any desired length, to the top of which a close row of small hooks could be sewn, and in this manlier any frill could be easily and speedily attached to, or , detached from the skirt, the entire cost amounting to little, comparatively. Travelling Coats.—ln the matter of travelling coats, ' there is little new worth noting. Some of the latest specimens it is true are particularly elaborated, and , warranted to perform wonderful feats and quick changes, hut really the quite simple and plain varieties 8713 the best. These, for the most part, are supplied with big collars, and pockets,and are sufficiently roomy to slip on easily over a tweed coat and skii t. MADGE.

London Polleunan Busy .in Warrington. Peter ComerforJ, Ship-yard, was charged at the Borough Police Court on Monday with having been drunk and disorderly in the Market Place, about six o'clock on Saturday evening, and also with assaulting P.C. Hughes while acting in the execution of his duty. He pleaded guilty. John Clifton, Lythgoes-lane, was also charged with assaulting the same constable. The Chief Constable stated that at about six o'cicck on Saturday evening, P.C. Hughes was on duty at Mat ket Gate, when his attention was called to a fight which was going on in Afarkebstreet. He went to separate those who were fighting, when Comerford rushed thrcugh the crowd and struck bun several times in the face. He also kicked him on the legs and in the back. Clifton also attacked the officer striking him on the back of the head and altogether treating hum very brutally. The constable could get no aid, until a constable of the Metropolitan Police, who was in the vicinity, came on the scene and assisted him. P.C. Hughes bore out this statement, and said if it bad not been for the assistance of the Metropolitan Police- man, ,he would have been very seriously assaulted.— P.C. Mealin, of the Metropolitan Police, also gave evidence.—The Chief Constable stated that Clifton had been once previously before the Court, and Comerford six times. He appealed to the Bench to deal with this case in such a manner as would act as a deterrent to others. It was no use putting small penalties upon these men, they were only an encouregement to others. —Comerford was sent to gaol for two months with haul labour.— P.C. Menlin was cordially thanked for his services by the Mayor and the Chief Constable.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
IN BERLIN.

Germany is facing the leanest ( liristrnas on record. Shopping has seldom been done on so moderate a scale, and tradesmen in Berlin and other big towns are dis- consolate. Customers have been vastly fewer in number and have never bought so sparingly. The cLief sufferers arelradesmen who count on wealthy purcha: ers for disposal of jewels, furs, find motor-cars. But the great shops which rely on the multitude and the s;ieet hawkers are hardly better off. Ever) body who givcs at Christmas seems determined to retrench this 3ear, and the £1,000,000 ordinarily given as Christmas boxes in Lenin will probably diminish to half that figure.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
The examiner Saturday, January 2, 1909,

[ALL ItIGH7S ItESERVED.] He should have thougnt of that lefore," re- plied Jack, brusquely, "but we won't talk more TRE ACCUSING SO_ about it until we find out whether I fail or not." Al. _ The manner in which he drew himself up, caused her to look at him again, and somethine „ - strong and reliable in his face brought bad: hope BY DAVID LECHMERE, to her heart. . , "Whether you succeed or not I shall always -Author of "In Deadly Peril," "Amy's Luck," thank you," she murmured. " The Playthings of Fate," "Saved at the • "Then you are not angry wihs me?" he Altar," "The Hand of Justice." Ize. could not help saying. WrI•••••M=0 "Angry with you?" she repeated, wonder- Dr. John Cunningham was feeline supremely inglY' miserable. In anyone else he would have set it "For telling you I love you?" , down to liver, and suggested freedom from busi- She held out her, hand to him. ness, and from worry. Freedom from business! "Had things been different You could not - In his case the words would have been a have given me greater joy."."Eva! You love me!" he gasped, ' and bad mockery. The practice he had bought with most of his ready cash had turned out a bogus she not slipped away from him he would have one; the lengthy list of patients little more than clasped her in his arms. "But you are right," names; the transferable appointments, trans- ho added, hurriedly. "Until you are free no ferable to someone else. Freedom from • worry? further word of love shall pass my il lips," 8 p swll , " d not not spoke he vowed to himself and nast elf that' he h Ah! there was the rub. It is easy to speak of fail. not worrying with a well-lined purse, - but when the purse is nearly empty, and, above all, when Yet it was with no very confident feeling that! the owner of the purse is over head and ears in he entered Ralph Moncrieff's rooms that evens i love, that man gets his full share of worry. - , ing. Moncrieff was seated at his fireside, his I feet upon the mantelpiece, on which, to Jack's , Jack Cunningham was experiencing the truth rage, he noticed a photoeraph of Eva. Moncrieff of this as be sat moodily in front of his surgery . hardly looked round 'at Jack's entry. fire, the latest copy of the Lanrct upon his knees.. ! "Dr. Cunningham," he said, glancing .at "What is the use of studying when patients Fasteboard, " and on important never come?" ho muttered irritably, as he jbaustseaspieePeraoyf be seated " threw the paper aside and started to his feet. I ' ' "Bah! A quick walk is the thing I need to drive. i"What I have to say can best be said stand- ," answered Jack, coldly. "I have come to Five minutes later he reached a tramway this depression off." ng pay the hundred pounds which you lent Harry ' terminus, and was eoon being rapidly whirled Di through the heart of the busy town in the direc- • .1.105 n. ethat is your important business. Then let .Me tell you it daeerves another adjective— Con of a well-known pad: in the suburbs. Appa- ' impertinent is what I would describe it as." , rently the open air ancr the movement suited him; for long before the car had left the streets "I do not care what adjective you apply to the gloom upon his handsome face was vanish- it," retorted Jack, contemptuously. "Imper- tinent or important, it is, at - any rate, impera- ing, and by the time he alighted at the gateway tive that it should be settled now . If you will of a beautiful park no one looking at him would restore the cheque you say he forged, you can have supposed he had a single care. The future, ' have the money at once." which only a brief half-hour ago had seemed E 0 ' hopeless, had already assumed another The cheque which he did forge, you mean," bue. and, as Moncrieff epoke, he involuntarily raised " If Eva only loved me," be murmured, as he , i chose a sequestered path, "I would conquer for his hand towards an inner pocket. ie her aake,, but poor as lam I dare not tell her "We need not bandy words," he said. "-It sufficient that the chccoe is in your pocket." of my 16re, arid while 1 wait some other man "Where it will most certainly remain." re- may steal her from ine." torted Moncrieff, with an ugly sneer, "and now Full of his thoughts he failed to notice a girl sitting on a seat a little way in front Of him that ' your business is ' fipished, perhaps you will o until he had almost reached her, but when he did b good enough to leave me." Jack htid a bundle of notes on the table. he could not help noticing that she was in great "Kindly see that these are correct," be said, distress, for her face was buried in her hands, and calmly. "I do not ,mean to go until that cheque the sound of a sob reached his ears. His first is ki my. possession.. ' thought was to turn, but something in her figure ,cititlerieff burst into a mocking laugh. seemed familiar, and he paused, uncertain what- e one of two things will happen, either I u out myself, or I shall summon to do. As he hesitated the girl grew conscious shall r throw you out . ~ of his presence, and as shaa.turned her head in the police. Don't think I mean to be 'bullied by his direction he recognised in the grief-stained you Dr. John Cunningham -1 know the reason face the very one of whom he had been thinking. of ;our solicitude on young' Dillon's behalf. You "Eva! Miss Dillon!" he cried, as seeing him love'bis sister and wish to marry lier." she started to her feet, and turning her back ed. . • "Then you refuse to let ire have the was hastily trying to wipe the tell-tale tears 'cheque" asked Jsßte with forc calmness. away, but her grief had been too profound_ for - " AbeoHutely," retorted 'Monerieff, pushing- the the marks to be thus easily effaced. Still, her bundle of notes towards Jack with his right cheeks, which had been pale and haggard, bad hand, which displayed a curious cicatrix upon suddenly become tinged with colour, for she had • the back of it. heard him call her by her name, and never had Jack felt hie gaze riveted upon the mark,. for that name sounded so sweet in her ears, while e eyee he, forgetful -of all save that he loved her, and he had seen such a scar before. Hs caught that she- was in distress, had with a few quick Moncricff's, and as he met the shifty blue eyes,' strides reached her side. which marred an otherwise handsome face, a. "What is the matter, Miss Dillon? Have you scene of which he bad been an interested epee- hurt yourself? Can I do anything for you?. tator flashed across hie memory. A scene which he asked, pouring out the questions breathlessly. had occurred when he was surgeon on board one of the great Atlantic. liners, when a cardsharper, piteously. "It is nothing that, you or anyone can "You must ' not ask . me," she murmured; detected at . hie trichs, received .a. blow from a help to lighten. I was weak, foolish, but see, knife, which not only _ pierced i .),s bard, but I am myself again." . rivete<l.it and a concealed card to the table. The face of the man before him, although it wa.a She forced herself to smile -at him, but the clean-shaven, and bore no _trace of ' the lenge trace of happiness in the beautiful hazel eyes. smile was only on her lips, and there was no drooping moustache and slight imperial , with which it had been • formerly adorned, • was the "I cannot think that it was nothing," he I face of the detected cheat. answered, gravely. "You must tell me - more." Jack had come intending to use strong rues- She would have tried to leave him, but, guess- sures should fair. ones not prevail, and now- any ing her intention, be laid his hand upon her arm. hesitation he had felt. was - entirely swept away. "I will not let you go until you tell me what a - Then, as you won't give it, I mean to take is wrong." „ it," he cried, springing towards Moncrieff; but "I have already told you all I have to tell, there had been that in his face. which had given "you she answered, with well-feigned hauteur;his opponent warning, and, whatever Mon- have no right to keep me against my will." crieff's faults were, cowardice was not amongst "No. I have no right," he retorted, sadly, "unless the fact that I love you gives me the •therm . right, and that—" . With lightning swiftnere his left arm shot out, "You meet not speak like this," she whispered. and, had it hit its mark, aietredly Jack would have been stretched on the. floor sc,nseleas, but, "Forgive 'me, he said, dejectedly. "Seeing your sorrow made me forget my poverty, springing quickly aside, Jack warded off the and blow, and, before Moncrieff could recover, had the words escaped me; but now that I have said therehl will not take them back, because I love struck him full upon the -temple; then, stooping, you with all my heart, and, hopeless as I know he .wound his arms round Moricrieff's body, end that love to be, it is yet no insult to you." tried to throw 'him. _ -- "No, no,'4 she cried, pressing a hand' upon Moncrieff laughed aloud, as, fieing his anus- her heart as if to still its beatings. "I only des, he easily resisted Jack's most strenuous meant you must not tell me of your—" She efforts' hesitated a moment, then, lingering over tho "I guess lam too many for you at this game." words as if the mere use of them -gave her he sneered, and he, in his turn, tried to throw pleasure, "your love for me, because—" his opponent. But the pair were evenly matched, ' "Because?" he asked, anxiously, as ho and neither seemed able to obtain the upper hoveted between hope and despair. hand. Once Jack thought he had it, as be felt "I am engaged to be married," She answered Moncrieff's frame relax, but it wae only a feint,. so faintly that he scarcely caught the words, but for, recovering himself with a. sudden spring, be the hand which lay upon her arm dropped to hie .nearly forced Jack backwards. Their breaths side, and he stepped back a pace as if a blow had Came hot and pantingly as, locked in each struck him. ' other's arms, they staggered to and fro. Sud- " Forgive me, I did not know," he said, denly Moncrieff released his grasp, and, befcre steadily, though feeling in his heart As if he had Jack knew it, had wrenched himself free and received his death warrant. sprung towards an open bureau. Before he could Though Dr. Cunningham made no outcry, remove what he sought, Jack was upon him, Eva .had noticed the sharp quiver which had and, with an iron grip, had grasped his wrist. fficker&l across his features. and her heart cried "I thought that was your game!" he cried, out within her to tell him of her love. Though indignantly, as he saw .11Ionerieff's hand had she nerved herself to keep silence, she could not closed upon the carved /stock of a revolver. prevent .the tears from welling to her eyes. Monerieff's face was livid with fury. Pressing -her handkerchief to her face she turned "You brought, it on yourself !" he shouted, as away. He made no effort to restrain her, but he tried to turn the weatxm upon Jack, but before sac had gone many yards he was again at Jack's strength seemed to have gained redoubled her side. force. Slowly but surely he. forced Mencriefre - 'Will you not tell me what your sorrow is?" hand upwards, then, with one deft wrench of his he -asked. "Has it anything to do with what free hand, he twisted the weapon from hie one- you told me? Do you love this man to whom my's fingers. As he did so, Moneriefre finger you are engaged?" pressed the trigger, and the angry bark of the She would still have kept back the truth had it little weapon filled the room. been possible, but his eyes were fixed on hers, "Help! Help!" cried Moncrieff. His ready and her lips were powerless to tell aught but the ' brain. had already determined to accuse Jack of truth, attempted robbery. . "No, no!" she cried. "I hate—l cannot bear Knowing that, if he was to succeed, little time him, but I must marry him." • - was left to him, Jack forced Moncrieff down Dr. Cunningham's face was very bard now, . upon the floor, and tore the pocket-book from but the .light had come into his eyes again, his inside pocket, totally unconecious that the "Why must you marry him?" he asked, and ! door had. opened, and two excited men were as he spoke he led- her back to the scat she had ' watching his actions. • just vacated. Opening the pocket-book, he found the-'object Now that she had spoken it did not seem so of his search. difficult to the girl, yet she would not confide in "You can get up now," he cried, triumph- him until she had his promise to keep her secret. antiv, "Your teeth are drawn!" "You, musf let me be the judge of that, was I " I'll have you arrested for robbery and all that he wOuld say, and-at length she told him • violence. Besides, you need not thftik this will all the pitiable tale. If Jack Cunningham's face save young Dillon.'" . had been stern .before, it grew ten times sterner "I -do not think, I know it will," retorted ere she had finished. Jack, complacently, " although even with the "Then you mean to sacrifice yourself for your cheque I- hardly think the evidence of a (on- brother's sake," he' said, and unconsciously • his victed sharper, a cur . who at sea assumes a differ- hands clenched tightly, "and this man—this- cur cot name from that he bears on -land, wcifld is to accept the sacrifice." have much weight against the word of a. man "I could not help myself. Harry would have who, however foolish he may have been, has yet killed himself. The disgrace of being charg,ed an 'honest name." with forgery would have been worse than death At Jack's words. Moncrieff appeared to lose to him, apart altogether from my father's anger; hii little remaining courage. and he is pitiless where cards and gambling are "You recognise me!" be cried, all the colour concerned:, leaving his lips as he at length noticed they were • "You are sure that your brother is innocent?" not alone. "I might have guessed you would asked Jack. "How did he come to sign this not come alone," lie added, with an attempt at cheque? He must have known how indiscreet it neae-a-ge, "although, to tell the truth, I hardly was. apart altogether from its danger." I expected to see the gentleman I do." "Ho was desperately in need of the money. i Turning hastily Jack saw Eva's father and and when he went to borrow it Moncrieff had ' heather. Mr. Dillon's face was red with indigna- not yet risen from bed. Biddies. Harry find his • aie,„. cheque-book he told him to fill in the areoent he I "You scour.drel!" he cried, hardly able to required. Then when Harry banded him the articulate with linger. "You dare to speak of book for signature he 'odd he was , too lazy to ' invoking the law. Let me put your courage to hold the pen. and ehaffingly suggested that the test. There is a bell beside you, ring it end Harry shotild sign it for him: Tucked in among ' I will answer for this gentleman that he does the leaves of the book was a letter which Mon- ! not shirk the charge. You do not care to? Then crieff had written to the bank, and without let me do it for you," and striding to the bell thinking what be was doing Harry, on Mon- he was- about to lay his band en it, but Mon- crieff's suggestion., copied the signature. .1 know it was foolish of him, but Harry believed Mon- i ' crieff was thoroughly cowed now. "I have no charge to make," he said, cring- erieff to be his friend, and then he was so dread- teggy. "So far as lam concerned this little fully anxious to get- the money that I've no, episode is at an. end." doubt he forgot everything, else." t "Perhaps so far as eget are," cried Mr. Dil- " And the bank cashed it?" • : lon, " but it is not with sie. You- dared to call "Yee, without - demur. Afterwards v-hen my son a forger. to play on my daughter's love Harry asked for time to repay him, iloncrieff for her brother to induce her to accept you, and denied all knowletlee of the (lienue, said it was you think you will go free—" - forged, and that he would put the, law in force . "It is upon the lady's account I know I shall," tmiess--" • ; replied MonerTeff, mockingly, "I know your " Unless what?" asked Jack. grimly, pride would rebel at the thought of having her "Unless I c oulcl be induced to marry him." name dragged through the court along with " Arid your brother asked you to do this?" mine!, said Jack,. making no attempt to conceal his Mr. Dillon winced. For a moment he load- contempt. tilted, then, turning to Jack, he warmly grasped "harry never asked me, but i saw his misery his hand. as you saw mine to-day. and made him tell me "Wo can afford to let him - go. Come Con. the story. He has pleaded with me to let bins ningham, and let me ' thank you in a more run away. but I cannot let him go, I cannot see healthy atnioaphere," and laving lii3 hand en his lii'e ruined when I can save him." e Jack's arm he led hiin from the room. Jaek's -fare bed become very thoughtful. Not until they reached his house did he again "Yee must leave this matter in my bands," refer to - the inatten he said. . " Will you go into the drawing-room while I . .

, Eva gave a little cry of terror. - ' write a che.que- for tli sum you paid for Harry." 1 " There is. no hurry--" began -Jack, lett y.ith " I dare not. For Harry's sake we muA ,not anger him." . . h.r,3 a . friendly . push towards the drawing-rcom Mr. Dillon disappeared into his private reom, taking "If for nothing. else than for your brot ..}.l t sake I roust save you." he answered. " W a.. . Harry with him. would his future life be were he to know he had 1 Believing- the room was empty Jack entered ruined. yours? '', without 'knocking, but hardly had he turned the " There is nothinn• to be done." she repeated,. handle than Eva. came towards him. Her face sadly, "Mr. Monerieff would ' not listen to my was radiant. .. prayers." ! "It is evident that you have succeeded! " she ~ ____ . "Then you pleaded to . him for mercy. ~ ex cried.. claimed Jack. his face white with en c,ter. , "Yes, but I do not. Understand how yc!ir "There! do not tell me more. T cannot li,itent father came to be there" calmly. The matter is in my bands no,.v, iaut. "I feared—l, do not know why—that &wt., , if I fail you must tell your father all. At -v ia harm nihrht. emus to you." K ever cost you must. nd i not wed tni.s man." , . , ! go pitslni valnuitu awes Sipnoid pits °tit „`noS aik elp 4io; "If you fail I must," she a%wered, a,po °Aril pploqs I Svint mom Luop 1 „ nathos of her voice 5110WCd lOW h little .on 4 o ill-Ilv Srlq2p pioq ma aqs luau= ..,-peoq s!ti 01 had oi his succe:iss. " You CO not !I an 7"u °Jollj4."'" cr) spumi slq ;no pettapais oil put :paw oil „ idiot' father. Harry dreads his. wrath more kth° the thought of prison." atu 03 watt} luos no,,N, . iam ;o aqinoto noA, „

===== 0002601_19090102_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
9 • • 'll ":4:- 4.1 .4"- 4 .65,. f; r • • .! 4,4; 'a "(Pi, „r• - •

WOMAN'S REALM.

DRESS-FASHION-HOME.

TII.74EAL SOCIETY WOMAN. At last 6 6 "ff hing like a true understanding of the society • woman has been arrived at, but it has taken a German journal to do it. Our Teutonic contemporary pays her a great compliment, for it points out that there is no other woman who could contrive as she does to be social, philanthropic, and domestic ali at once, with equal success and as a matter of course. She goes to her charity or poli- tical meetings, sells at bazaars, goes to balls, hunts, golfs, Niles, possibly drives her own motor, and, withal, is devoted to her babies, knows all the slang of her little schoolboy, can dress ker girlie's doll, and wash her own baby. Yet, comments "Miranda " in the Lady's Pictorial, we ourselves talk as if motherhood were dead in the land, and' as if our womenkind --were either hopelessly frivo- lous or wholly unsexed or insanely selfish. It is good to see ourselves as others see us; it helps us to get back our self-respect, and te realise that charity does not always begin at home.

A PRETTY PARTY FROCK.

Pictured in our illustration is a delightful little party frock of new and up-to-date shape, just the thing for Christmas and New Year festivities. The original of this charm- ing frock was carrio{l out in very soft ivory washing satin; but the same idea might be realised with equal success in washinr, velveteen or velvet, woollen-backed satin, or thick crêpe-de-chine. This little frock is cut square at the neck, and has a wide plastron front that rune from shoulder to hem, all the edges of which are finished with a band of

. . . r, ' k • %, ... ) ~,7-,,,: _____. I -= . ____=, 4 i l' - \ ,__--:-5-___, 1:1 ' .... .:. i ' t e 1 l'r. :. y a / ' q \ / I 0 ,e,e5.,...1 ir•-•-'-'' sW‘4ll l'' _ . _ ----....—. . ... . ~,Ilk : , 7 - - ------;--.-7'..--- -—\i r- - , ''''''' -=- (111 tiiti -

heavy satin tubing. At the short waist length there is a sort of folded sash, or-belt, of satin like the frock, which is brought round to the front and caught down to the plastron on either side by a biz ro3ette of satin. The Little skirt is gathered all round the waist on either side of the plastron, and is finished with four or five piping-3 at the bottom. The sleeves are simple, rather small, and of three- quarter length, and are finished with Ewe tucked cuffs. A dainty vest of tucked white Bxussels net fills the opening at the neck. INDIVIDUALITY IN COIFFURE.

There is no reason to &appose that women will not always put the graces of life in a foremost place in their interests, no matter how wide their sphere and responsible their working life may become. It is too clear, writes "Filomena." in the Illustrated • Lon- don News, that looks are of prime import- ance to our sex for the ' fact to be ever for- gotten. What will suit the individual may, perhaps, come to be more widely considered than ever before, as wfmen's intelligence • and, independence are brought more fully into play. Already we are far more indi- vidual, and styles are much less enforced upon the whole world of women by dress- makers, than was the case in Early Victorian days. There is always a prevailing fashion; but if a woman, for her own reasons, does not adopt it nobody is surprised. In the coiffure this assertion. of individual judgment is particularly apparent. The turned-back " Pompadour " is decidedly left behind by Fashion's ever-changing whims, vet thou- sands of women to whose faces it is suited continue, and will 'continue, to dress the hair in that way. This style is eminently becom- ing to certain types—the stately, calm coun- tenance on the one hand and the piquant irregular features at the other extreme. But there are a good many faces to which it is distinctly trying to turn the hair up high above the brow. The Greek coils and curls at the back of the head are naturally bring- ing back the flat dressing of the hair in front,

A SMART NEW EVENING COIFFURE.

The very smart and becoming coiffure p;e- tured in our sketch is an- excellent example of the latest ideas upon the subject of hair dress- ing for even;ng wear. It is simple, ladylike, and has a distinct style of its own. The hair is first waved in' wide natural-looking waves, and is then drawn from the front, back, and sides to the crown of the head, where it is • , • - ' .e. 44_ -• • • _ A • • disposed in soft, loose, and apparently care- less curls. Close to this knot of curls is placed, on the right side, a very smart knot of gold tissue, from which springs an elabo- rate white feather fantasy, spangled with touches of gold. The same idea is carried out in black with the greatest success, the knot being composed of heavily-jetted net, and the fantasy being of the softest black feathers thickly sprinkled Will sparkling jet.

• .itY?

--ir-_--I`, _ _

/2\

===== 0002601_19090102_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
CONCERNING LININGS.

Fashion, as far as skirts are concerned, is doing away with these for cloth and tweeds, declares the Queen, and many wear knicker- bockers of the same stuff beneath them. Some have silk petticoats fitting the hips like wax. This is a move on the side of economy, for silk linin,o6 never did wear well, and petti- coats of silk- have a longer life. Reception dresses mostly retain their linings; .this wise certainly in thin fabrics, or lines and ridges arise which are far from beautiful. We have done with ruffling and frou-frou; lin- ings nowadays are mostly made of soft silk.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
TO-DAY'S RECIPE.

RISOTTO A L'ITALIENNIt.—Wash half pound of 4-ice, drain it thoroughly, and let it dry in front of the fire. Melt two ounces of butter in a stewpan, and when hot add a peeled and minced onion. Fry until of a light fawn colour. Then add the rice, and toss over the fire until the rice is slightly browned, adding salt and pepper; and by degrees, when the rice is coloured, a pint of stock. Continue to add a little more stock as the rice swells. When the rice is tender. stir lin a nreamast-cuptut of tomato sauce and two ounces of grated Parmesan cheese. Sprinkle a very little cayenne over the top, and serve at once,

===== 0002601_19090102_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
n

"and yet I dreadcd all sorts of horrors; but now that you are here they are forgotten. Oh, Jack, to think that only a few hours ago I was the, most wretched woman in tho world, and now It am the happiest." _

ack s an.ver was a kiss. "Then your father understands " 113:' asked. "411 except- my love for you?" She looked Up into his face proudly?" "He knows that also. Harry told him, for' finding mo in tears this afternoon he absolutely refused to let me carry out my promise. Sooner than see me married to Moncricff he said her would throw himself upon his father's mercy,. and Jack— you will not despise me—after what you told me this morning I could not dissuade him. Father was dreadfully angry, but his anger was more against the accuser than the accused. That anyone should dare to associate his son. with such a crime was sufficient to make him forget his indignation at Harry's action; and almost before I knew it, both he and Harry were As Eva ended Mr. Dillon entered the room. "I don't know how I shall ever repay you, Dr. Cunningham," he bean. Jack took one of Eva's hands in his. "The reward I would ask for is so great I hardly like to name it.," he said. Mr. Dillon smiled. "That was why I sent you here," he said. "You give her to me," cried. Jack joyously. "Dutiful daughter as she is, I am afraid she has not waited to consult me. but I Could not give her to a worthier man. Eh! what is it you want to say?" as Eva nestled herself in his arms.

I cnly "want to say th7d-1 am so happy, dad;: you mu§t not spoil my happiness by being hard on Harry." "The rung scamp," began Mr. Dillon hotly; then seeing Eva's face grow anxious, he broke into a laugh. "Well, well, as you were going to cast your happiness away for • Harry's sake, I suppose I can't clo lam than forgive him for yours. All the same, I must give him a leoture, and I'll go and do it now." "I don't think Harry need feel afraid," said Jack with a •laugh, as Mr. Dillon left the room; but it was not of Harry they spoke, for the tale they told was the one that nerer grows old. MIN END.]

===== 0002601_19090102_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
NTERESTING EAILESTOWN NEWS.

Will it interest you ? You can't tell until you've read it. When you have, you'll probably thank the Earlestown. woman who sends it! Those who suffer as Mrs. S. Marsden, 36, Heald-street, Earlestown, used to do, will, we feel sure, thcink her for making the following statement, for they will have an Opportunity of benefiting by her experience, as she tells how she has obtained relief. "For some years I have occasionally used Doan's pills, and they have kept me quite free from backache and sciatica," she said to a representative. "Previous to my using the pills I suffered terribly, often being laid up with my com- plaint ; in fact, I was laid up at the time I started with Doan's pills. A visitor asked me why I did not try them, and I went for a box immediately. I was astonished to find how effective the pills were, after a few doses I could rise without assistance, and very soon I was able to get up and go about. lam always advising friends to try the medicine. The pains in m case were across the kidneys and in the hips. "I am most pleased to give this testimony for Doan's pills, and you are welcome to publish it. (Signed)Sarah Marsden."

Doan's pills are reliable in every form of kidney and. bladder complaint, in backache, rheumatism dizziness,. sleeplessness, frequent urinations, dropsical ; in lumbago, sciatica, and nervous disorders. They cure gravel, stone and urinary troubles. DOan's Backache Kidney Pills are two shillings and, ninepence per box (six bsxes for thirteen shillings and ninepen-ce). Of all chemists and stores, or post free, direct from Foster-McClellan Co., 8, Wells-street, Oxford-street, Lonion, W. Doan's are the pills that cured Mrs. Marsden.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE

CHRIST CHURCH PAROCHIAL TR-A..—The manna/ parochial tea and entertainment in connection with Christ Church, Padgate, took place on Tuesday evening and notwithstanding the Arctic weather, proved a great success. About one hundred sat down to an excellent. tea and no fewer than forty trays were given. Before the entertainment began, the Vicar (Rev. G. W.. Dickinson) said he was told that he was expected to give a resume of the year's work, but seeing that he had not a year's work to give a resulbe of, he thought he had better leave this task until be had been with the twelve months. He wished to thank the parishioners for the warm way they had received him from the first. He did not pretend for the moment that he was satisfied with the progress made, and probably in a year's time he would be able to say be was still dissatisfied, but they were going on better than he had expected and he had a great deal to thank them for. They had broken several records during the short time be had been here, notably in connection with the garden fete and the sale of work. He hoped the year to come would be one of happiness for all, and full of every blessing and that they would go forward with the work. (Applause.) To the musical programme, songs were tastefully contri- buted by Miss Elsie Litton and Mr. Humphreys: Miss Royston afforded considerable pleasure by her recita- tions • Mr. R. Scarisbrick amused everyone by his ventriloquial sketch, his playing of some novel instru- ments made by himself, and the recital of a stump speech ; while the dialogue "Our at home day," by Miss Heath,Miss Elsie Horridge,and Miss Lucy Harter, was also much enjoyed. Mr.H. J.lddon played two piano solos" Prelude in C sharp minor" (Rachnianinof f) and 2nd Mazurka (Godard) io good style. Mr.?. Blackwell discharged the duties of accompanist. The evening was fittingly wound up witita dance, Mr. W. Ainsworth supplying the music.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
"MY BODY WOULD GO COLD." HEADACHE, CHILL & INDIGESTION.

Cured by Chas. Forde's Bile Beans after Four Hospitals Fall.

"For five years I did not know what -it was to feel well," said Mrs. Louisa Young, of GO, Uverdale-road; Chelsea, knadr,n, S.W., to a local reporter, "but after taking-Chas. Forde's Bile Beans I am well And strong- again.

—" Indigestion attacked rrie violently after every meal. Pains in the chest and stomach fairly took my breath away. rose in a morning with a splitting headache, after being kept awake often the whole. night through. My head swam w ith dizziness, and. my whole body trembled with cold and chilly feelings. There were pains in my back just as though someone was stabbing me. " When the attacks were bad I frequently fainted away completely. Then my body would go cold, and I would be apparentlylifeless. • I became quite thin and wasted through inability to take food. In fact, I was too miserable and in too much pain to enjoy food, or anything else. '1 tried my sawn doctor and after he had failed, I *went to the Women's Hospital. They tried their best but could make nothing of my case, so I went back. home and had another private doctor, with equally disappointing results. Afterwards I went to two or more hospitals, but again the best physicians could do nothirg for. me.. I was in despair until my- husband. read the account of a rematkahle cure by the genuine Chas: Forde's Bile Beans.

" We were both so impressed that my husband immediately bought a box of Chas. Forde's medicine- and before the box was half finished I found they were curing me. I ate and slept much better, an& had not nearly so many attacks of indigestion and faintness. I persevered with Chas. Forde's Bile. Beans - and when bu3iog I always made certain I got a box with Chas. Fordo s' on the label—and daily became brighter and healthier. I ate hear fly food that I daren't have touched at one time, and with my renewed strength I busied myself .about the house again quite like old times. Cli9s Forde's Bile Beans eventually made a wonderful cure ; they brought me splendid health although slii!led dectots failed to give me relief."

Chas. Forde's Bile Beans, the genuine kind^ that cured Mrs. Young, are the most success- ful and famous remedy for liver chill, winter colds, debility, ana3mia, bad complexion, constipation, and indigestion. Sold by all chemists, in seR led boxes only, is. 1)A. and 2s. Sd. I`4ever loose or in pennyworths. Beware of worthless imitations. Always see " CHARLES FORDE'S " on the label before putting your money down.

45..- •

===== 0002601_19090102_art0029.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• - _ _ -

===== 0002601_19090102_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
;-•4-- 4..4',..., ...".•

NEVER start on a train journey without a box of Peps. the wonderful breatheable tablets for Cotighs, Colds, Bronchitis, and the Throat. The risk of chill or contact with people who may be suffering from highly infectious chest and lung complaints is very dangerous when the ever-present "draughts" in a train make your lungs susceptible.

Carry a box of Peps in a handy pocket, and take a few at once whenever you begin sneezing. A sneeze is ward

Natures first warning of a bad cold; Peps wi off the threatened attack, and be a sure preventive of pleurisy and pneumonia.

If you are seized with a persistent tickling cough, Peps will rid you of the cause of the irritation, and will save you from an obstinate attack of sore throat or bronchitis. Peps should never be absent from the nursery. They will save the careful mother many an anxious hour, and bring ease and rest to little sufferers from whooping- cough or croup.

Keep a box of Peps by your bedside, and that nasty cough, which keeps you awake at nights will be promptly got rid of. That significant morning cough, which speaks of deep-seated lung trouble, is best treated with the pure volatile essences in Peps. When you go to a concert, public meeting, or to a ball or the theatre, in thin attire, take Peps with you. They will ward off chill, and rid you of the evil results of breathing foul air. Remember that in a crowded 'room the air you breathe is polluted with the, carbonic acid gas exhaled by all present.

_ __ Take a box of Peps to business with you, for nothing is more annoying than a persistent tough in business hours. In the factory or workshop, a handy box of Peps will prove the best safeguard against sore throat and the never-absent-dangers of dust and infection.

Keep Peps always handy wherever you are, for one never knows what perilous infection of consumption, influenza, colds, laryngitis, or sore throat, may be carried about by people we are constantly co in contact with.

igif,"/i_qi- ~ " 'ffiv.. :-- --- .:- - - 40,----:-x.zeq , //' 'y a / ..., - .. ...,.. .. / fir,:ects.,-.-:..-- , / , 0 / ' J ‘,... s. ' ; / , .:4; , .'ktkt .., /, d • mu, )144,1t ,4 ,k, ,• ....4,,,,i5i . ~...„ 1 .-•;::tA.,ft 1 A ..., '..4- - -4 ••• b / , g,. -.." ;1? - ' t,%st --, ' • itAn.T.5.3-.. ~ it p • „11l it 11/I I 0 ' 4.4 :3•' - if 44.4 17 11 ; ir . ; i '7;4., ;"' _...1:54`,.R'-:‘ 4' -, 60-.•:-: ••u6.,,,...04.,- ----, ',',4vA'''''"•.:-,- 7a/ /11,‘,/ ,„, iff% .../ i u•• . , . .. 7 •. ...-=' • ' ,// „' - - a......- -,A.„--,se 4p /7 ' - n,---- ,-- ~.,.,.. - ---1-0-.., - P,-- - -,., -1470 7R, iy j!= 7! i m - .' - - 1 , • ;yip ~,.. ..., ~,,-.1.-0, nil .ei /// ~,, , : ,„,,,, ......: A d.-, -t., . ' kr,l4. -', ' , •.3:W. i . • a ,y',/ /// /7 r'•:.,;Z4',h.. 4 ~ . .4:€4.*.,„ar.—V4 ~ . t*,,•''',,e' :PP. . z;',6,; f r'W's:' '''/I-7? ekr// /// / //lie .rA'Ni• 7,- ' -& - 749------ 1 n /7 n' ' Ai 1 t/ ' / / , , y in- in ~ i; 4.4.411-$: -,---:0-- ‘' ,-. - , i f.;,,,, --1 • ;:',4zi.-tke: y • if ,K, iii -. A.6•••1& ' ~,,,,,,,, ,A,..,;•- iv *-- 4t 4- 7 .• f., „ ,--.•4;.',4,-4,.—'5: \t, /4 , gill/ io rPA .4‘•r.. r. , , ,tee.4l./ -,.. ''• if' ' t, 0 l'i.t e- iSIIIIII lii 3 • (141` 'II' 4,, a'ilfl, I f / O.' 1 .7 .2 t7Hi M //4///171/1//// --- '--f.,-- ._....c,.....„.„.i... __ , _ c 0.,, - ___ --- - - _ -- -... got rid of. That significant m 0......, ___ ..., _._._._ ' a 1-71 speaks of deep-seated lung trouble, is best treated with 2/ the pure volatile essences in Peps. When you go to a concert, public meeting, or to a 0 ball or the theatre, in thin attire, take Peps with -,--- -- , will ward off chill. 111,,1 -'-' h,.,...,,-- • - I'///7/§ 9/ /////

i;/*

.....4,tz—i..:V...,...Q. ....z....„Err ......:,....4.4 ~,, --,•.1/41___ta:::*ti.itAti 0 ..„ ic,,-,.--i. : , a 4 ~ 4, ...: . a\ ~ , ..,, r , ihi t, .. - ~-..-1„,4 y`‘_o ...o.' . r from the Peps I N"

===== 0002601_19090102_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
The 'Examiner, Saturday, January 2, 1.909.

1908.

THE STORY OF THE YEAR.

AT 1103 IE AND ABROAD.

The year 1908 has been one of change and upheaval. At home there have been dramatic Parliamentary situations; •abroad the pro- cesses have been all but revolutionary. This latter remark applies equally to the Near East, the Middle East, and the Far East. The year has seen " daring achievement in the scientific world. It has been the year of Inter- national conferences, religious, political, scientific, and commercial; the year of airship records and calamities; the year of industrial conflict; and the year of the suffragette.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BRITISH EMPIRE.

In the British Empire events have gene- rally made for peace, loyalty, and a good understanding. There has, however, been a dark cloud over India. Even the King's mes- sage on the fiftieth anniversary of the As- sumption of India by the Crown, while it was hailed with immense satisfaction by the great mass of the people, failed to mollify the discontented. It was found that an organisation existed in India for the perpe- tration of bomb outrages directed against British officials. There were some riots in Bombay, and it was thought advisable by the Indian Government to introduce bills dealing with explosives and the seditious press, and to pass them promptly. One of the most pain- ful features was that there were no fewer than four attempts upon the life of Sir Andrew Fraser, the retiring Lieutenant- Governor of Bengal. Lord Morley. 'made known that the disquietude would not retard him from advising the Indian Government to the extension of representative institutions in the near future.

South Africa has seen steady development. Mr. J. X. Merriman formed a Cabinet in Cape Colony upon Dr. Jameson's resigna- tion; but the meet tangible advance towards the realisation of South Africa's greater op- portunities has been the Convention at Dur- ban to bring about a South African Union. Canada has once more placed a Liberal Gov- ernment in power, with Sir Wilfrid Laurier at its head, and the British Postmaster- General has added to his laurels by arranging for a penny postage between Great Britain and America.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
KING EDWARD'S ENGAGEMENTS.

The King has continued his good offices es this country's greatest ambassador of peace— the work with which his name will be his- torically linked. He has met, upon the Conti- nent, the Czar, the Kaiser, the Emperor of Austria (who was celebrating his Golden Jubilee), and the rulers of Denmark, Norway, and Sweden. At home, his Majesty and the Queen received the Dowager-Empress of Russia, the King and Queen of Sweden, and the King and Queen of Norway. The King and Queen' of Spain also visited the Court, leaving at home the six weeks old Infanta. President FalHeves was welcomed on a round of gala and State ceremonial; and, with the King, he visited the Franco-British _Exhibition.

Yhe Prince and Prineces of Wales were feted by Berlin and Paris in March, and, in July the Prince of Wales sailed in the In- domitable to Canada for the Tercentenary Celebrations at Quebec, accompanied by Lord Dudley. From Quebec Lord Dudley proceeded to Australia to take up his new duties as Governor-General.

The King and Queen together, opened in July the new headquarters, at Charing Cress, of the Royal National Pension Fund for Nurses. His Majesty went to Leeds to open the New University Buildings and to Bristol for the opening of the new dock. After his usual visit to Marienbad, has Majesty opened the Queen Victoria Memorial School for Sons of Soldiers and Sailors at Dunblane ; and at Eton he opened a building in memory of the Etonians who fell in the South African War. The Prince and Princess of Wales opened the Rotherhithe Tunnel in June, and the Duke of Connaught assisted the fête for the veterans at Chelsea by his presence.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
CONGRESSES AND EXHIBITIONS.

The year is marked out pre-eminently as a year of International conferences and exhibi- tions. Provincial visitors by tens of thou- sands—French, Americans, and a sprinkling of Germans and other foreign nations— crowded, with Londoners the Franco-British Exhibition, the success of which was doubly assured by the Olympic Games opened in July by the King. The inauguration of the Exhibition by the Prince and Princess of Wales was preceded by the opening of the Scottish National Exhibition in Edinburgh by Prince Arthur of Connaught. The King opened the International Peace Congress. The Pan-Anglican Congress was followed by the Lambeth Conference of Bishops. The chief personal interest of the year in the Ecclesiastical world was the ap- pointment of the Bishop Suffragan of Step- ney, Dr. Lang, to the Archbishopric of York, on the resignation of Dr. Alaclagan. The Roman Catholic Eucharistic Congress ,in London attracted more notice than would otherwise have been the case by the proposal to carry the Host in the public. streets. Riot was threatened; the Prime Minister drew the Archbishop's attention to the illegality of this latter intention, and it was abandoned. The procession, under these circumstances, passed off peaceably. The International Congress of Religions took place at Oxford. There have also been International Conferences in London upon Free Trade, Art, Electricity and Moral Education. The Orient in London was opened in June. The Inter-Parliamentary Congress met in Berlin, and we, on our part, welcomed the German pastors and the German burgo- maSters. The International Naval Confer- ence on prize courts, promoted by The Hague Congress, was held in London in December. THE WORLD AT LARGE.

Quite at the beginning occurred the assas- sination of the King and Heir-Apparent of Portugal. France has had her war in Morocco; she has stood on her dignity with Germany over the Casa Blanca incident, and the recognition of Mulai Hafid's claim to supersede his brother the Sultan. In the Near East Bulgaria's ,assertion • of independ- ence and the annexation by Austria-Hungary of Bosnia and Herzegovina have not led to bloodshed, though it has been imminent for months. These - changes followed quickly the grant of a constitution to Turkey by the Sul; tan, a concession for which the Young Turks had been working for years. In the unrest Crate declared for union with Greece. 'Great Britain stood by the Young Turks in , their trouble, and insisted, with Russia, that the Treaty of Berlin could ,not be set aside with- out the agreement of the signatory Powers. Belgium has been consider:-.; how s'Ae shall take over the Congo from King Leopold with- out yielding extensive privileges of an undesir- able character to the concessionaires who had agreements under the, King. Germany has had two sensational trials— those of Herr Harden, whose four years' sen- tence for libel in the Court Camarilla ex- posure was quashed in May ; and of Count von Eulenberg, whose associations With the Emperor made the case particularly embar- rassing. Then in Russia there was the trial of General Stoessel, on whom was passed the death sentence (afterwards commuted) for suvendering Port Arthur. The question of a constitution led to blood- shed in Persia, the Shah bombarding the Par- liamentary builaings because of an ultima- tum against his absolutist methods. One pro- vince still holds out against him. The fear of Russian intervention brought two delegates to England to ask our good offices ,in urging on Russia the maintenance of neutrality.

China lost both Emperor and DONN nger- Empress by ckatli within a few hours. • The United States Presidential Election has maintained the Republican ascendency, Mr. 'raft succeeding Mr. Rcose.velt. America and Japan have come to an understanding to respect tl -z. integrity of China, the "open door," and cue another's interests in the Pacific.

THE KAISER AND HIS PARLIAMENT.

Perhan.s the most stirring incident of the year was me motseretion or the .Katser in granting an interview to an English journal- ist, and giving some extraordinarily frank

opinions, without considering Low those views would be regarded by his people. In this interview, the Kaiser (it was stated) made an energetic protest against the misre- presentation to which he had been subjected in England. He declared empill!elally that his heart was set upon peace, aira t.utt it was one of his dearest wishes to live on the best of terms with England. The portion of the disclosure that caused most stir was the as- sertion that the prevailing sentiment among large sections of the middle and lower classes of the German people was not friendly to England. Another matter which caused irritation in the Fatherland was the statement by the Kaiser that he had worked out what he considered to be the best plan of campaign for the British against the Boers at the time of the war, and had sent it to Windsor. Storm raged through the Ger- man Press, and in all the capitals, from Paris to Tokio, the Kaiser having made the suggestion that the main reason for the need of a strong German Navy was the awakening of China and Japan. Prince Billow met the Reichstag very soon afterwards, and a de- bate of extraordinary interest took place. In the end, the Chancellor said that the Emperor would, for the future, "im- pose upon himself, even in his private conversations, that reserve which was indis- pensable to a consistent -policy, and to the authority of the Crown." If that were not so" (said- the Chancellor) "neither I nor my successor could accept responsibility for it." THE SOCIAL YEAR: THE PEERAGE AND THE STAGE.

The social year at home has included a dozen weddings of note. Foremost among them the Marriage of Mr. Winston Churchill with Miss Clementine Hozier and of Mr. McKenna with Miss Pamela Jekyll drew' crowds to St. Margaret's. Besides the two Cabinet Ministers named . another Member of the Government--Mr. C. F. G. Masterman— married. The bride was Miss Lyttelton, and so two well-known political families were united. Then there were the weddings of three ladies of prominent name: Miss Gladys Vanderbilt with Count Szechenyi ; Miss Muriel Botha, sister of the Transvaal General, with R. C. Hawkin, Secretary of the Eighty Club; and Miss Jean Reid, daughter of the American , Ambassador, with the Hon. John Herbert Ward, whose wedding at the Chapel Royal the King and Queen attended. Lord Rosslyn, who was otherwise discussed for a " system " to break the bank," married in October an Irish lady, Miss V. M. Bayley. This was his third marriage. The Peerage continues to rob us of our Gaiety actresses. Earl Poulet married Miss Sylvia Storey, daughter of •Mr. Fred Storey, the comedian, and there were three .other Gaiety weddings, including that of Miss Marie Studholme with the son of a General. The other ladies of the Gaiety stage to wed were Miss Enid Leonhardt and Miss Elsie Kay. Miss Lena Ashwell married a West-End doctor later in the year. POLITICS AT -HOME. The Session has been Mr. Asquith's first as Premier. Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman's death (deplored by the whole nation) followed his resignation in little more than a fortnight. The Ministerial changes advanced Mr. Lloyd. George from the Presidency of the Board of Trade to • the Chancellorship of the Ex- chequer, and Mr. McKenna from the Presi- dency of the Board of Education to the office of First Lord of the Admiralty. Mr. Churchill entered the Cabinet as Present of the Board of Trade, and Mr. Runcir‘an be- came Education Minister; Lord Crewe, Colo- nial Secretary in place of Lord Elgin. Later in the year there were some further changes, Lord Ripon resigning the Office of .Lord Privy Seal, and Lord Tweedmouth giving up the Lord Presidency of the Council—on account of his health. Lord Wolverhampton (Sir Henry Fowler) was given the last - named office. Lord Fitzmaurice became Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, resigning his post of Under-Secretary for Foreign Affairs, which was taken up by Mr. McKinnon Wood in the Commons. Other , noteworthy alterations, either at the beginning of Mr. Asquith's ad- ministration or later, were the advance of Dr. Macnamara to be Secretary to the Admiralty, -Mr. Edmund Robertson's enrolment as Lord Lochie of Gowrie, the appointment of Lord Lucas as Under - Secretary for War, and the entrance of Mr. C. F. G. Masterman into the Ministry as Secretary to the . Local Government Board. -

_ . At the beginning of the session, while Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman was still Prime Minister, the Scottish Small Landholders and the Scottish Valuation Bills, which the House of Lords threw out in the previous session, were sent up again and rejected. There was not much time before the Budget for con- siderable advance of important measures. But, thanks to the scheme of submission of Government bills automatically to four Grand Committees for their Committee stage, Commoners were kept actively em- ployed on matters of great moment. Mr. McKenna's Education Bill (the Government's second), was early introduced, but was held up because the reception offered very little hope of compromise on those lines. The Irish Uni- versities Bill was a triumph of Mr. Birrell'e statesmanship, inasmuch as it obtained ac- ceptance almost unanimously from both sides in both Houses, in the belief that tt would go a long way to settle the Catholic Univer- sity problem of Ireland. The Licensing Bill, the Miners' Eight Hours Bill, the Housing and Town Planning Bill, the Children's Bill, the Prevention of Crime Bill, the Pert of London Bill, and a number of other mea- sures made a heavy cargo, and between February and near the end of December the Houses got only six weeks' break for summer vacation. The Licensing Bill received its quietus at a meeting of Peers at Lord Lans- downe's house before even the second read- ing motion in the Lords wafe submitted. An additional seven years' security, beyond the fourteen years' time-limit, was not likely to save it; the Peers were not impressed by the desirability of so "regaining for the State un- lettered control of the licence." Local optipn was provided for at the end of the reduction period, with a big immediate reduction of the hours of Sunday trading, and .the nationalisa- tion of the compensation fund. Mr. Runciman's Education Bill, the Government's third, was introduced into the House of Commons at the end of November under auspicious circum- stances as being largely a measure of agree- ment; but difficulties arose, and it was drama- tically withdrawn under cireumstances which are fresh to readers. The Children's Bill ob- tained general approval, and the Prevention of Crime meesure was accepted with limita- tion of the indeterminate sentence proposal for special treatment of habitual criminals. The Housing and Town Planning Bill was withdrawn, owing to want of time, after mush laborious work in Committee; but the Prime Minister announced that it would be reintroduced and pushed forward early in the coining session. The Port of London Bill, with its scheme for the purchase of London Docks by agreement, was accepted by both parties. The Lords, after passing the second reading of the Miners' Bill, modified it in Committee.

Mr. Asquith' s Budget brought up the or- ernment's repayment of the National Debt to ;£47,000,000 ; the sugar duty was reduced by more than half, rind n: sum of £1,250,000 was. allocated to establishing an old-age pen- cion scheme. Lord Rosobery's Committee on the Re- form of the HOI/5,2 of Lords . presented its re- port, recommending that the number of Members should be reduced, by the plan of election which applics to Scottish and Irish Peers, and that other changes should be in- troduced to bring in eminent persons as life Peers, while keeping the total membership within 400.

At the complimentstry dinner to him at the National Liberal Club in December, Mr. Asquith spoke chiefly of - the rejection of Liberal measures by the Peers, and he said the principal issue of the- next election would be the veto of the House of Lords. THE YEAR OF WOMEN'S SUFFRAGE.

This has been a year of phenomenal and al- most mascices agitation in the cause of Women's Suffrage. The sole circumstance, however, of practical import has been the promise made by the Prime Minister and Mr. Lloyd-George that the Government will in- troduce an bleetollll Iklulfll But imme- diately before Parliament pes to the coun- try, to which it will be peesible to add a women's suffrage clause if the Housa so de- sires. The militant surfrag'sts have -.em- ployed the most cNtraordit:ary methods. Not

only have there been three separate attempts to " rush " the House of Commons, in Feb- ruary, June, and October, involving 120 arrests, but the House itself has been in- vaded. • A woman dashed through the glazed doors to the floor of the House wita the in- evitable cry for votes, and two others chained themselves to the grille and so addressed the Members from the Ladies' Gallery.. The, latter exploit led to the closing of the public galleries of the House. The most formidable demonstration was that in which the" suffra- gists joined hands . with the unemployed to nmet Parliament on its autumn reassembly, and some thousands of police were required to guard Palace Yard and the precincts of the Houses of Parliament. Arising out of .Lhe excitement of this time was the charge against Mrs. Drummond, Mrs. Pankhurst, and Miss Christabel Pankhurst, in connec- tion with which Mr. Lloyd-George and Mr. Herbert Gladstone were subpwnaed to Bow- street and cleverly cross-examined by Miss Pankhurst. A similar attempt, however, to call the Prime Minister and the Home Secre- tary to Leeds was defeated by a statement of the court, on application, that such evidence as they could give would not be useful to the defence. Cabinet Ministers have been in- terrupted at home by suffragettes upon the doorstep who refused to go away. Downing- street has lien raided, and the women even attempted to " rush " a Cabinet meeting on January 17th. They tried, without success, to present a p2tition when the King went in state to open Parliament. They helds two not- able demonstrations in Hyde Park ' and the Albert Hall in June. Under the Govern- ment's new municipal Act, the first Lady Mayor wt. elected this November—Mrs. Eliza- beth Garrett-Anderson, M.D., at Aldeburgh.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
INDUSTRY AND LABOUR.

The trade boom of the last year or two hav- ing spent itself, this year—industrially—has suffered some of the ill-effects of the reaction. Several strikes helped to swell the figures for unemployment, the principal being the strike of .the Lancashire cotton operatives and the strike of the East Coast engineers and ship- builders. The latter accentuated a tendency of modern times when Sir Christopher Fur- ness offered his men, on condition that strikes were ruled out in future, employees' shares, on deferred payment, carrying co-partnership in the undertaking. The offer was accepted, and the example may be followed elsewhere. Several working arrangements between rail- way companies to keep down expenses have been under discussion. The most important circumstance in connection with the represen- tations of Labour in the House of Commons has been the Court of Appeal's decision that trade unions have no legal title to make com- pulsory levies for the payment of members. It was decided to carry the appeal to the Lards. Mr. Henderson was elected leader of the Labour Party in the House of Commons. For unemployment the nation was better prepared this winter than sometimes ' in the past, thanks to agitation on the one hand and forethought in Mr. Burns's department on the other. The unemployed met outside Par- liament when • the House resumed for the autumn session, and a meeting of the L. C.C. was broken up. Mr. Victor Grayson provoked suspension from Parliament in order to draw attention to the subject, and there were several convictions for public speech which was a direct incitement to law-breaking. Mr. Asquith did three things to meet the evil: he increased the Central Unemployed grant, facilitated the provision of work by municipal loan, and antedated Government • undertak- ings, particularly in the dockyards. He pro- mised legislation at an early date on the whole problem. Mr. Burns persuaded local authorities so to time their public works that they offered occupation in the winter.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
BIRTHDAY AND OTHER HONOURS.

Mr. W. P. Frith, the veteran painter of the Derby Day," was in January made a Commander of the Royal Victorian Order, and the freedom of the City of London was conferred in March • upon Miss Florence Nightingale. In the popular sense the prin- cipal of the Birthday Honours in July were the Peerages given to Sir Anthony Mac Donnell, Permanent Under-Secretary to the Lord-Lieutenant of Ireland, and to Mr. George Whiteley, until recently Chief Mini- sterial Whip; thg baroneteies to medicine and surgery in the persons of Sir Lauder Brunton and Mr. Cheyne; and the honours to learning and philanthropy—the O.M. for Dr. Henry Jackson, Regius Professor of Greek at Cambridge, the knighthood to Dr. Murray of Oxford; with the knighthoods' be- stowed upon Mr. J. J. Duveen (since de- ceased), who added the new wing to the Tate Gallery, and to Mr. H. P. Hartley, the gene- rous friend of the Primitive Methodist de- nomination. Mr. R. W. Perks received a baronetcy. In November Mr. A. it Wallace received the Order of Merit. THE Alba AND NAVY.

The year has given us, happily, no active service for the Army except a couple of,cam- paigns on the In_dian-Afghan frontier, and in these our arms were quickly and conclusively successful. The Army has seen transition at home. Mr. Haldane's Territorial scheme has been loyally carried out by the Lords-Lieu- tenant and the County Associations through- out the country. Unfortunately, the greater demands made upon the time of the men have somewhat reduced the 'numbers as compared with those previously serving in the Volun- teers. An important step has been the crea- tion of a Special R,_•serve of officers. Mr. Asquith has pleased all parties by his definition of the two-Power standard, • and the Government's programme of shipbuilding goes steadily along, as the experts like to say, Germany or no Germany.' Mrs. Asquith during the year has launched the sixth Dreadnought at Devonport, while other addi- tions to the first line have been H.M.S. Vin- cent and the cruiser Invincible. The year has contained several disasters during' man.- ceuvres. In the Channel the destroyer Tiger was cut in two by the cruiser Berwick, and thirty-six lives were lost; and in the night of April, 25th H.M.S. Gladiator, while _man- oeuvring without lights, was rammed by the American liner St. Paul off the Isle of Wight, when twenty-seven of the Gladiator's crew were drowned. LITERATURE AND THE DRAMA.

The three remarkable features of the pub- lishing year were. the issue of "The Letters of Queen Victoria" in popular form; the. sale of millions of copies of a volume of Queen Alexandra's photographs, which her Majesty graciously permitted to appear in the cause .of charity; and a cheap edition of Lord Morley!s "Life of Gladstone." Pageants have taken place at Chelsea, , Dover, Win- chester, and elsewhere; the Lord Mayor's Show included a literary pageant of the three centuries from Chaucer to Milton, and the, Milton tercentenary Was celebrated on a big scale at the beginning of December. The outstanding theatrical • events have been new plays by Mr. Pincro, Mr. J. M. Barrie. Mr. J. K. Jerome, Mr. Hall Caine, Mr. Gilbert Parker, Mr. H. A. Jones, Mr. Sutro, and Mr. Stephen Phillips.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
SENSATIONS OF THE COURTS.

The mast dramatic episode in the civil courts was the award of £7,500 damages to Mr. John Murray, the publisher, in his action against the Times for criticism grounded on the assumption that tl.e Letters of Queen Victoria could have been produced much more cheaply than they were. Another case of heavy damages was that in which Messrs. Edward Cook and Co. were awarded £23,000 against the Amalgamated - Press in respect of what were called "the -Soap Libels." Mr. Lever had obtained £50,000 in the previous year, and it was understood • that the settlement of Messrs. • Watson's claim was for a similar sum. In November a lady named Mrs. Heath was aw arded £5OO in an action brought for face disfigurement against a lady "beauty specialist." A singular case of newspaper libel was that in which Mr. Artemus Jones, a barrister, obtained dam- ages amounting lo £1,750 from the pro- prietors of the Manchester Sunday Chronick in respect of a sketch of life at Dieppe, wherein was given his name as that of an imaginary suburban Londoner. An appeal was entered. The trial of Mr. Horatio Bottomley and three others charged with conspiracy and fraud in connection with two companies was opened in the first week in December.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
SOME REMARKABLE TRIALS.

There was a revival of memories of the, Druce case in proceedings against witnesses who had offered amazing reminiscences. Mr.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
%k

, Every reader will ill Cm Mi. u benefit by sending flit.; coupon and -' stamr (for pos. Per Carlton Mil, Leeds, for a dainty Peps. iWarrington Exarniv

Peps provide a safe, scientific, and for Coughs, Colds, Bronchitis, Asthi Huskiness, Loss of Voice. Relaxed gitis, Croup, Whooping Cough. Lally diseases of the Throat and Lungs. Peps are of great service in the I of Consumption, and as a safegnan dangers ot Pleurisy and Pneumoni simply invaluable to public speak' preachers, politicians, lawyers, attic and all subjezt to habitual vocal el Peps are oUtainable from all chei or 2/9 per box, or for same price! Co., Carlton Hill, Ler

Lackin.g cough

d against tlie ia. Peps are :ere, teachers, ors, singers, Ifort. mists at S direc

d sensible remedy ma, Sore Throat, Throat. Laryn- aenza, and other

.7„„ ....",,, wia.,. ~ w, „ •, .----.-------,,, -,t ........ ----,•'-ttz uutoto, .41 1 ---441.r.E-COIDS 11 'ill ---,:,, ,zsa___::...,l il _ I - --; . -°alibiing! . /// % .. , , ~/ ..1..---,_,.._,--:, ,„• ...../ - REGuoin :/7 4'l if,. -0/ c• :4, -- -- ....-:.t. .... dt And id • i p kt.77---------,-.27).*".v.v.;, ~,,.// / itage) to - 1,-, li ''''lCic-1:77,-------.=-- free sample of . hl.',', V , s /17. /8/ !!'sPiet.iiv.. •' 4 9 . Di gill! . ( - _

===== 0002601_19090102_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
PHOTOGRAPHIG NOTES.

By Veronica. FLASH-LIGHT PHOTOGRAPHY. At this time of year when there are no festive g ather- ingg, maliy opportunities occur for securing photographs I 'of People that are rarely together at other times of the year, but many of the most interesting events take place in the evening-time, n hen ordinary photography ls not available, and resort hss then to be made to artificial lighting. For those who have never attempted anything in this direction, let mu warn thorn, in photo- 'graphing groups, etc. to try to avoid as much as -possible, anyone looliin; directly towards the light. Another thing to guard against is that your flush of light does not pe,netrate the lens. That is best guirded against by having a rather long tube or hood fixed over the lens, bat no not make this tubs too small in diameter, otherwise you may cut oft some of the field Of view.

VARIETIES OF LIGHT. There are many different means of utilising magnesium light, one of the simplest being the fltsh Tapers which are thin sheets of collodion imprognatel with magnesium powder. Then there are the flash- light candles, Gek3 !' and" Flashaxe," which can be bought in various sizes to burn in time varying from two seconds to thirty seconds. Again there are the numerous magnesium lamps on the market. One of the best that I hare seen recently is known as tho " Dago," and I have recently seen a most excellent Ontograph of a debating society called the flatlvell (Jill ['arils- Inent. that was tfiken by this flashlight, in tihich the 'consumption of powder was only fifteen gr 01S. For those who are keenly interested in this sort of work, I should advise them to read Mr. F. .T. Mortiner's hook '"gnesiwn Light Photograo'ly," in which he deals With diffaront phases of this class of work.

110 ME WORN. a few Holiday time may be profltabl,y enployel by malting ' improvements at harce 1 oir various photo- graPhic dvartments. Wa may nit all of ili be able to exPend ra.)m3y ia baying eKpansive onlanting app mans, -S3 I tvottli dra-v t,) artich th it I have just slen in the Jan I try no at o(" The Pultnr"hic Alonthly," in ~vhich a contributor descrinss what he ?IPS a mrra-rail ell tr_Ter. This is an inganiontly con- tLbrived enlarging apparatus that the writer erected in e !Oft l• his house, and illustrates haw those who ye • a !ale me:hanical ingannity 0.50 at a s.ntll 'eiPense, turn thoir n-qftrAble acuont.

NEW BOOKS. I have been looking through the new Welceme Photo- 'graphic Exposure Record and Diary for 1339. This is Pally a wonderful collection of lustful information, as saPPose most of Yon knom, as when I have been out in the conn•ry, about five oust of every six seen to make use of this notebook for regulating their exposures by limns of the exposure cslculator therein. and also for totting down records of their various plates exposed. notice this year a very useful addition to the diary, rr the form of a table of speeds of the majority of the °Rlide papers and lantern plates that are on the ttnark,et. This is most useful for those will from time A' tune use plates and papers of different makes. nother addition is a wall-chart giving the times for development of the average plate or film at a S.ifiCS of •diflerent temperatures. scowler how many of my ieaders have hid the good -torttineln pt years to .see Penrose's annual. it is Published once again, and for a collection of pictures, 'both in monochrnrne and colour that are repro inced by InanY mechanical processes, it is tinive,and if On can,by any oh ance,see a copv, it is well worth your while to do so. AIOVING MITRES IN NA [URAL COLOURS. There have been several attempts to produce kineto- 'graphic pictures in colour, hut until quite recently •With but little snccess, but Mr. G. Albert Smith, in con- junction with Mr. Charles Urban, has at last produced saorne truly wonderful coleur effeets. At the Society of Arts, a short time ago, Mr. G. Albert Smith deliverel a lecture on the subject, iu which he exalained IN methods, and he afterward; gave a deminstration, in which the colour, although not yet absolutely perfect, was a great advance on anything that has hitherto been produced. The scarlet coate of the soldiers, and a scene of some horses plolicoling, in which their shining brown coats were most etithfullv recorded, were generally ad nitted to be the most successful records yet produced. Grey has hitherto been considered one of the most diMcult colours to 'Produce in any form of colour photography, but Mr. Smith proved that by his method of using only two light filters, one of red and the other of blue-green, he Was quite able to faithfully record this colour. We believe that these colour films will shortly be supplied by Urbanora, Ltd., who have recently fitted up a nliferididly equipped establishment, for dealing with all phases of kinetographic work. •

JANUARY.

THE PHOTOGRAPHIC MONTHLY.

(OE PHOTOGRAM), SYSTEM IN DEVELOPMENT, PICTORIAL POSTCARDS WITH OZOBROME, A HONO- RAIL DAYLIGHT ENLARGER, THE NEW "ENSYNA " PAPER, AND MANY OTHER ARTICLES.

WELL ILLUSTRATED. PRICE 3D. POSTAGE FREE, 43D.

DAWBARN St WARD, LTD., 6, FARRINGDON AVENUE, LONDON, E.C.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES.

The Parish Church.

Special Christmas services were held at the Warring- ton Parish Church on Sunday, and were largely attended. In the morning, the preacher was the Rev. A. J. Brat, and in the afternoon the Rector (Rev. Canon Willis) delivered an address to young people. In the evening, choral evensong was held, when selections from "The Messiah" were given in praiseworthy style by the choir. Mr. F. M. Darby presided at the organ.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
Evangelistic Mission.

Another evangelistic service was held in the Bold- street Wesleyan Schoolroom on Sunday evening at the close of the ordinary service,Mr.Dean presided and sang a sacred solo in good style. Two Christmae carols were sung by five boys (Thomas Gartland, Gerald Doncaster, Leonard D.-mcaster,Reginald Parry and Charles Hamblett) entitled" Once in royal David's city " and "0 come all ye faithful." An address was given by the ftev. T. Miller from the two passages. " Unto you is born this day a Saviour " and " He shall save His people from their sins." Master John White officiated at the organ.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
" Waymarks."

At the Baptist Church-,fitfolborne-street on Sunday evening the Rev. R. E. Letheren took for his text : Jeremiah xxxi.2l., "Set thee up waymarks." The sermon was devoted to a review of the year from three stand- plias suggested by the three texts in the Old Testa- ment in which the slate word is used that is repre- sented by aVaymarks " In 2 Kings xxiii. 17 the word refers to a title or inscription to mark the place where something is buried. Within a few days, the preacher said, the year will have gone down into the grave of what we call the detdpast. Its moments with their mercies, its doings with their duties, its hours with the opportunities they held, its weeks with all their worries, its months with their mingled meanings of gluipess and grief, will soon be buried with —lilt a date to mark where they lie. Re went on to speak of the duties undone, the-opport tunities negleCted, of how the influence and the memory of the day may still haunt us like restless and unhappy ghosts and that only in the Gospel of Christ was the secret told that laid the ghosts of the dosd past and sweetened its memories and redeemed its influence. In a second passage the word was used to mark that cr Wet' ought to be buried and the preacher spoke of those things that lie above the field of human life corrupting and defiling it. In the passage from which the text was taken the word referred to something that ought to be bourne in mind for the better guidanee of those that come after and our own wiser use of the days to come. Among the way narks of the year Ir. Letheren referred to the spirit of revolution and unrest in the farther and nearer East, and the- " moral strength " the changing situation calls for ; he spoke of the legislation of the year, and said that half a million old people would remember it through through their remaining dtys as the year that brought them Old Age Pensions to make their life's eventide easier and brighter. lie regretted, speaking for him- self, the failure in the compromise of the Education controversy; and with regard to the action of the House of Lords on the Licensing Bill he had not any words to characterize it that were directed to that time and place. lie felt that they were on the eve of a campaign which would put their christianity to the severest fst ; that the issue was between the sovereignt of Christ in human affairs, aud the shameful reign of secularism and selfishness.

We have received from the Free Trade Union, 8, Victoria•street, Westminster, S.W., a copy of their new monthly, " The Free Trader," issued .at a penny. It is an ably-written journal, which ought to be in the hands of every opponent of Protection. for it is an armoury of facts in itself against the great fiscal heresy. The exiliination • of Professor Marshall's famous memorandum is very well (Lane, and so, too, is an open letter to Mr. Bomar Law. The Union also send us a pamphlet, "Ucemployment and Tariff Reform," which shows conclusively that neither Free Trade nor Tariff Reform can put an end to either unemployment or fluctuations in Trade. The leaflets include reprints of Mr. Chamberlain's Free Trade speeches, reply to the argument that the Patents' Act is Protection ; Mr. Harold Cox's article on "Protection and Unemploy- ment," reproduced from the " Westminster Gazette," and others showing the effects Of Free Trade upon various industries.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
The Premier Cocoa at Popular Prices.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
rt*: 41:e. V. NI., cit '

Delightful flavour and easy to make.

4;? "47, '•Z 14 C ti:::, '.. 1 i ...e .: • eP. ~,,,, I • t, • `: - 1. . .3*. t Jl4 '', '''. '''' •

Sold by all Grocers, in Packets and tins.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
jßobert Caldwell, one of the witnesses from ' the United States (who had gone home quickly), could not be extradited on account of illness. Mrs. Robinson, charged with perjury, made a full confession, and was sentenced to four years' penal servitude; and Mrs. Mar- garet Hamilton, in her seventy-eighth year, was given eighteen months' hard labour. At the instance of the Local Government Board, various municipal scandals were in- vestigated at the Old Bailey. In May, James Calcutt, a building contractor to the Mile End Guardians, was given r,ix months' im- prisonment, and he was subsequently a wit- ness in charges against ten members and ex- members of the Mile End Board, and against seven members and ex-members of the Pop- lar and Stepney Sick Asylums Board. Im- prisonment followed in every case. Two members of the Joel, family provided, ftS prosecutors, three sensations. Franz von Veltheim was • sentenced to twenty years' penal servitude for blackmailing Mr. Solly Joel. Mr. Robert Sievier, arrested at San- down Park races on a charge of threatening to publish defamatory matter in the Winning Past concerning Mr. J. B. Joel in order to extort £5,000, was acquitted. The verdict was popular, vast crowds cheering Mr. Sievier as Lie left the Old Bailey. Two Manor Park fur- riers indicted for threatening to murder Mr. J. B. Joel were sentenced to penal servitude, one for five years, the other for three. Of murder cases the great outstanding cause—that of the charge against Thaw=---was at last concluded. This second trial ended in Thaw being found insane and sent to an asylum. In England public attention was held in a peculiar degree by the murder of Mrs. Luard (wife of General Luard) in a wood near Sevenoaks. This was followed, some weeks afterwards, by the suicide of the General, who left a letter saying that he was harassed beyond endurance by anonymous Letters. In France, the profoundest sensation in this category has been the mystery sur- rounding the death of the artist, M. Steinheil. His wife made charges which sub- sequently appeared to be unfounded, and the interrogation of, herself by the judicial authorities caused much excitement. Another mysterious Crime in the West End of London was that of the. murder of a young Polish Jewess in Bernard-street, Bloomsbury. Early in the year a young soldier named Maguire was indicted for the murder of a lady whose body was found on one of the cliffs at Bourne- mouth, but the police abandoned the prosecution. In November, in a scuffle with a man who had attempted to snatch some banknotes from the counter, Mr. Schlitte, a partner in a foreign bank in Shaftesbury-avenue, was fatally stabbed; other men were either wounded or shot before the assailant could be zaptured. Several robberies were marked by more than ordinary audacity. There was a succession of raids on banks. The most in- genious was that of a young man who, calling himself Mr. D. S. Windle, visited a number of' branch banks in the south and south-west of London, and secured about £2,320 by means of cheques. Shortly before the Franco- British Exhibition closed two ingots of platinum, valued at £l,OOO, were stolen from a show-case.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
CASUALTIES AND DISASTERS.

The world's tale of casualties and disaster* need be told only briefly. In the United States, Chelsea, a suburb of Boston, was de- stroyed by fire. The financial loss was esti- mated at £2,000,000 sterling. The town of Chilapa, in Mexico, was swallowed up by earthquake. In September the Bahamas were swept by hurricane, and several vessel* off the islands were wrecked. The floods in Hyderabad in the same month involved appal- ling loss of life. A few weeks earlier at Stamboul 20,000 people were rendered home- less by fire. In November between 300 and 400 miners perished in a fire in a Westphalian mine. Other colliery disasters include the entombment of ten men in the Hampstead mine, near Birmingham; ten deaths in Nor- ton Hill Colliery, Somerset; seventy-six in the Abram Colliery, near Wigan; and four- teen at Washington, near Durham. Two un- usual accidents with fatal results were the balloon explosion at Shepherd's Bush, 4 result- ing in the death of a lady secretary and work- man; and the panic at a cinematograph en- tertainment at Barnsley, sixteen being killed and many injured. One other extraordinary accident must be chronicled: In November a lady artiste shot dead het assistant while he was playing the part of "William Tell" at the Middlesex Music Hall. The death toll 11 the sea does not appear to have been quite so heavy as in some years. Perhaps the most terrible event was the sink- ing of a Japanese cruiser by an explosion off the Pescadores Islands, nb fewer thart 160 officers and men being drowned. From fire on the steamer Scandinavia off Malta eighty- three persons, mostly Mussulman pilgrims, lost their lives. In cheering contrast to these heartrending events should be mentioned the splendidly serene lamding of all the passen- gers and crew of the pleasure steamship ArgO- naut, which collided in the English Channel in a fog. The number of persons thus all safely brought to shore was 240. The boat sank soon afterwards. HISTORIC YEAR OF SPORT.

In Many, respects the year is notable in the history or sport. All branches were stimu- lated by the Olympic Games held in London, when over 2,000 athletes, representing twenty countries, competed keenly for national honour. As was to be expected, despite American ascendency at prior festivals, the British Isles secured first place, though, es- pecially in athletics, American competition was formidable. Dorando confirmed his vir- tual win -over the American, Hayes, in the Marathon Race by beating him over the same distance in America in November. All ex- cept one of the Olympic records were equalled or broken. Apart from the Games the achievements of Hammond and Wills are the most remarkable athletic events of the year. T. E. Hammond broke all world's records by walking 131 miles 580 yards in twenty-four hours. Wills, at Munich, paced by a motor cycle' pedalled sixty-one miles 973 yards in one hour. The Derby brought a great sur- prise to sportsmen. Chevalier Ginistrelli's Signorinetta won by two lengths at 100 to 1, and a few days later confirmed her ability by winning the Oaks. The Football Cup was won by Wolver- hampton Wanderers. The cricket season was not marked by any special event. Yorkshire were easily Champions, and did not lose a single county match. James Braid, with the lowest (and best) record . score secured the Golf Championship for the fourth time. The King's Prize at Bisley again went to Scot- land; Private Gray, of the Scottish Rifles, was first with a record score of '325 points. Cambridgg on the boatrace in very good style. Interest in sculling was revived after much neglect in this country by a match in the Thames for the championship of England. Ernest Barry, of Putney, beat George Towns, of Australia, a former world's champion, in record time. _ _

Some extraordinary motor speeds have been recorded at I3rooklands, chiefly on cars driven by A. Newton. The year has seen consider- able advance in aerial navigation. Wilbur Wright has made some notable flights in France; hie brother Orville, in America, amid sueee66-es, came to grief while carrying a passenger under Government test. The pas- senger was killed. Count Zeppelin's big dirigible balloon broke from its mooring and was destroyed near Stuttgart, and in the In- ternational race a number of balloons ended in the North Sea. FAMOUS PEOPLE DEAD.

The death-roll of the year contains many notable names. The principal are: The Grand Duke Alexis of Russia, ex-President Cleveland, the Duke of Devonshire, the Earl of Derby, Lord , Overtoun, the Marquess of Linlithgow, Lord Glenesk, Sir J. Lawson Walton (Attorney-General), Sir J. C. Mathew (ex-Lord Justice of Appeal), Sir J. C. Day (retired judge), General Linievitch (com- manding the Russian forces during the latter part of the Russo-Japanese war), Marquess Nodzu (the famous Japanese General). General IS idler, Father Ignatius, Dr. Edward Caird (late Master of Balliol), Canon Flem- ing, Mr. Ira Sankey (the evangelist), the Rev. Benjamin Waugh, founder of the N.S.P.C.C., " Ouida," M. Sardou, " Uncle Remus," Sara sate, Miss Lily Hanbury, Sir Henry Drum- Wolff, Sir Nicholas 0' Conor, Sir Howard Vincent, M.P., Colonel Kenyon Slaney, M.P., Sir W. Randal Cremer, M.P., Sir Eyre Massey Shaw, Sir E. W. Hamilton, Sir George Livesey, Sir Elliott Lees, Mr, Thomas Cairns, M.P. 6:9,

===== 0002601_19090102_art0048.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

.•

===== 0002601_19090102_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
SUFFERING Ins BEM i'sIORDS

Eczema Spread All Over His Body— Not a Minute's Comfort in Sixteen Months—Constantly Experi- mented With Remedies, but Even the Doctor's Treatment Failed— Writer Pronounces the

===== 0002601_19090102_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
CUTICURA REMEDIES OF MARVELOUS POWER

• "A gentleman, who is a near relative of mine, has suffered terribly with ec- zema. The trouble started in the form of little white pimples on the hands. ; These pimples would burst and become.. sore. The irritation was very great at all times, and sometimes almost un- bearable. He tried various remedies from the first, but nothing seemed to do him the least good. Still, he kept persevering with all 'the things heard or read of. As his condition graduall3r became worse under these trials. he de- cided to •go to a doctor. The doctor Rut him under a treatment, and he per- sisted with it for some time without the least sign of a permanent cure. Ho was almost despairing. No sooner had one sore healed than others came.. From being only on the hands, the dis- ease spread until his whole body was affected. His wrists, elbows, and back were worst, and were really most dis- tressing. The pain he suffered is be- yond words. His work necessitates plac- ing his hands in water a great deal, and the water seemed to aggravate the trouble. After the doctor's treatment failed, my relative again resorted to other remedies, 'With the same disheart- ening result, and in this way sixteen months dragged by. During this time I can truthfully say that he did not have a minute's comfort. His case having become so serious, you can im- agine how thankful he was when he found that he had the right remedy in Cuticura. Had he started with Cuticura Remedies at first he would have saved untold trouble and expense. He fol- lowed the directions carefully and the improvement was most marked from day to day. He derived great comfort from the very first, and I should say that within six months the disease was per- fectly eradicated, and his skin is as clear as it ever was. I pronounce Cuticura Remedies to be of simply marvelous power. Mrs. E. Spalding, 142 a, Den- nett Rd.' W. Croydon, nr. London, England, • Nov. 26, 1906."

A Single Set of Cut!curs Remedies often Curet,. Sold throughout the world. Depots: London, 27, Charterhouse Sq.: Paris. 5, Rue de la Paix; Potter Drug & Chem. Corp., Sole Props., Boston, Mass. el-Mailed Free. Cutleura Look on the Skin.

JO-T, where art thou? I want you if YOU please, This weather irritates my skin 21nd you can give me ease.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
JO=TO DINICHEU

is what you want this weather to keep your Ain in perfect order. TRY IT! If your Chemist has not got it, send Postal Order lin to the

Jo-To Ointcream Go., 34, SOUTH JOHN STREET, LIVERPOOL.

DANYSZ VIRUS, kills

===== 0002601_19090102_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
RATS AND MICE.

HARMLESS TO OTHER ANIMALS AND HUMAN BEINGS. A NORTEINVICH TESTIMONIAL. From Mu. J. A. COWLEY, Clerk to the Urban District Council.

:Council Offices, Northwich, The Danysz Virus you sent has been tried with most excellent results.

(Signed) J. ARTHUR COWLEY. 1 tube 25 3 tubes 55.: per dozen 18s.; post free from DANYSZ VIRUS LTD., 52, Leadenhail St., (Box 292). LCINDOk. B.C.

And of all Chemists.

COVEt.SeI The purchase of the Coffee that always pleases rarni ly or Guests 9 rn ten

Letters from neople who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke 's Blood Mixture, It cannot be too highly estimated for it cleanses and cleus the blood from all impurities. This is a good testimonial from the " Family Doctor" which goes on further to say "It is the fines; Blood Purifier that Science and skill h tve brought to light. and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it to out subscribers and the public generally. For Scrofula, Scurvy. Eczema, Bad Legs, Skin and Blood Diseases, Piltples and sores of all kinds the effects are marvellous. Thousands of testimonials. Clark's Blood Mixture is sold everywhere a% 2s. 9d. per bottle. Beware of worthless imitations and sub- Mutes. Adv. 4.

ULAIIIOII3-13-41 PILLS are warranted to cure, In either sex, all acquired for constitutional disaharges from the Urinitry Organs. Gravel and Pains in the back. tree fano Mercury. Bstablithed upwards of 30 years. In t ozet Is. flit each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throngs on the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. 72sts, Lin coin and Midland Oorintlos Drug OompAny. Advt.

To MOTHER/I.—Mrs. Winnow's Soothing Syrup Lous been used for over fifty years by millions of motbets for thel ohlidren while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is pleasant to buts; and prodoceernatural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain ani the little cherub awakes "as bright all a button call Chemists ‘s. led. —Advt.

JOHN WALKER, Sr Co. LITHOGRAPHERL BGOKBINDRILS, STATIORRFW. BEWSBY STU= WARBINGTOX

-17 coss :.,v.o. s cee Es4,perice ~ 7 , "-ICA 7 , . ... ~.• , ' ~.„........... 4,..,._ .. .. t, 0 • L y [ i RlCni c rag ra n le' , ..v,,, ..-, 4 ....,: ~ • . Pa r e e..r t;:q. - '?, f,:e11',.-. ;•,..-; .• ': 144'.1.44:35. ' •,:.', 1, , ' I rlVlgOrating .-7,, .*,1,E*5••,.... ~.-,, ' =,'''',.,. l';`,' ',. ---;,, • ' ~. 4414,, . 4, .r....-A.--..t .',,i i; •,-keLliT.--. -..• -.4'1, • •,____

===== 0002601_19090102_art0053.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- 4

===== 0002601_19090102_art0054.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

===== 0002601_19090102_art0055.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, ,

===== 0002601_19090102_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
lay,'"'"

4

Inc oratniner Otrtes OF WRRIC-RND NRSYSP &PRI< S 0011PR15119 : .11r4El WARRINGTON Id I D-01-IRSHIRB SWIMS% published every Saturlay morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper tor Warringtoni Stockton Heath, Penketh Winvrick, Padgate, Lvmm. &e., being one of the Largest and nest Weekly Papers in Lanca- shire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper cons- rises a large trwitnz and azricuttural tract in South Lanes.- hire and MU-Cheshire.

_ frill; RUNCORN TIXAMINWR. Published every Saturday I I. morning. It is the best weekly pwrr in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. WIONBS lIX V 41714.1,1 pnbllsbed every Saturday morning. Widnes contains the l,rgest number of chemical worts of any town In the Kingdom, and is a rapllly growing centre of in iustry. rivig HILTLLIISTOWN' Min iggyfTwirt pnblished every 3atlr.lay morning. The Largest Local P4Der OontAiginz the iVews of Hari...town. Necrton-le- willows. nolborne. Havlock. Lowton. c The digtric. thus ti s tOSt imcortant part of the Lancashire coal- fields. (1111 R ST. MIMI pubitsned every L gaturday mirninr,circithting in St. Helens, Prescot, Parr. Sutton. vt,tylev Ira's. /Lc -the centre of the Merv. Mamba r.nd Watch Trades of the Kingdom.

PRP:PAIR ADVRIRTISRM ENV'. APAITNITMT3 WANTIII%. HOTTqB3 WARTRD. APARTNITTiNTS TO L9T. 'HoTT9I3 TO BR 01.(3. ARTICLR4 :119T. MISrIRT,LANTROTIS WAFTTS. CaTIOLBS FOUND, MISORLL AFTROTTS SALES.

One Three siil Thirteen f7orls. 1'78,4r. iNe-drs. IC'eeke. Wir•eke. lE .. Os. 64. ... Is. 34. ... Es. 04. ... 3. 9.1. 27 ... Os. 94. ... ls. 104. . 31. N. ... ss. 04. 76 ... Is. mi. ... Es. Pti. ... 45. 04. ... Fs. 04. a 5 ... is. 34. ... 7s. 14. ... 6.. ni. ... 75. 04. 61 ... is 034. ... as. ctlf . ... 9s. 04. ... ICI. OA.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
- - 17intnte(tfr berbantel, Or.

WA ICTRTI. smftrt, rarYti ohln to wnsh ; to !ive In. topl7, 40, Ttitt..wiy RD T elfzh.

WANTIciI Minim kr, R12R17 113 t, 2n ; Ninny of tven ---tairees AVRNlTT.:Tit,(l,,mbprbv3h. WAIPTRT) gnnel filiArTlßkr,; p's'n nnnic;ne : f.intfly nf three.—Vrs. PRierve. Rnrton Ifpre

WANTAn. anid fIRNPT? kr, .14TIVAIT.-Ima's ARMS rfrerrt. Vll.lc-t qt.Ovh,-14,..

WANTwIN, f-411nURAT. RRTIYANT, pthlP svt.h.—Mrr. MAtirr, a, Win ret..Ashtnn-in-VlRVerfie7d.

NATARTTM,—CHTT,T) fnr refirioti hnm., f nnrs. ftlnpt• I Ert6tf. f4srmß. TlnxS P.. Pxtmther flf9ø. W.rrlneton•

NtrveTun. ntrtr, whnnf 17, R• nTITA1111,; llve fn; Pm.kll family ; referenaei reqnirei —4B,kannttE RP.. Wat.rlnn,

Vcr'rßO, Ynro.v (19.INTRTI kr, tnndr hlin; r,ffrenreo recpirel.--'o,‘TA.Licym Walkg.T. Chrehira.

(V A STyP.— A nnnel CIPTIRRAT, nt.ont. Tearit of nze VW rr.••••reA.fn- fArrilly of two.—Apply 69 AolrroN OLD BD' Ariviteir, %.11nobostar.

nrTANTT)OnT.C-GRKTw2kLI ronl *TO en,i wArze. fir rwill f.rnls —OI-TLI{R'M RFatstqr.Booth it., Aehtpn•nnAer-Lsn..

NIETAMIM T/nrSirnekTn Rnel KTTOHUNNikID, rtbmit, Tqnnr tb. Permancy.—Appty Ml3l Itiw, Ltnt- Aewri. Tretisp, flan/swim%

kTITTITI, GI:MURAT ,Inrro.tTo•Liecl, Rize3 25 to 3) pr- TV fp.re,) ; t,f,prtlo r•ccltre4.—Applv Knra's ARXR 1-ToTrr.„ Rini! rtiirr•

It4Fll WAI47VD. (44 fteryottomed tn Clinlnr--oorns ! ll7e In rr,nel home to snlteble perton.-494. noriTow. MANIC. Pnrthr, MSTlC!'eeter.

WANTuT) about ond n? dkNTTARV. vruinz wlth ref..pnr.. frr small family.—Buntiow,, Penartb. Wrst. Prick rt. Blackburn.

W&WrAT) at ones. sp,4 TRtT. RREIVANT ; refer.nc.. :iiwTl famry.—Mri. WALTER., 54. 14fttnip.N. T,nwPr Wiwtn.

N-ITANTpn rp-wvi F.kPM SETIVANT GMT,. ablo to milk PrP'errPrl. Itt PTMTATT, Granrs Farm. Hantifn-th, rloar Manellester. TVAIITIM Immediately. Tonnz (3141.0MN1, ; Wain exor- v V in r.r..reneps req•iir(o.—Apply Mr.. iR,LD Sir.,crimr, 79. Arplav st., Warrirterm.

IaTANTwOnt sz.,ry'S GENT'RAL fond of ehtlrlron ; I' V roliPt hitt-P gond referPnces.—Apply by letter, 13, ERTlrrArrrxE 11P., ti•mrei. Ch,.shlre.

WANTI4T). SITITXTION ms TiOrtIRKRRPTIR t TArl• flent/em,n wh.rA R•sightne. is gtvlin. 13,-nd Co&c. —APIv Mrs. Ilitxxx-rr. ITø Thank, Mohberle7.

ANI En, (IRIIIRCI, SIMVAITT. eirly in Innuarr, able WY to marlprtalr. nlaln ecrAing :no tvashing.—Aldreas, Yrs. Mo-mr, PO, it-neh•oter gonthorrt.

WANTRn COnTi-114NIIRAL first wk rjJ,ingarr ; n•el tn waohine ; RCP I,etween 20 find 30.-Ap9ly Mrs. NnI.DitTS. ()Ottani', Rnv.nn. n est,. Oldham.

WITIO "V qTTIT kT11)1 at %Pork- Hrutekeepp. or fleoPrikl in imAll family tryib hfqhly re‘lornmpnind.—Mrs. `Nolrew, 6, WloTmer rd., loqinehtrn.

A T TT-TR COTINTY ARGT‘TRY, A, Viet,Nria Buildings, St. tt Marc's Geo. Manehe.ter ; WANTI4P, superior Cook- general.. Genarals, and Housernatd-Waltresse!. Situations wilting; good wages.

WANTWO W0,411.1q about 41 used to all house duties as 14Inthar's Help; rood home, for wrnn with good rharartpr ; tAlr warros.—Apply WATsveg, Wholesale G roeer, TAncishlre

7ANTRII, Torwl nlgin COOK. . trous.matd,. Honseromfd-Waitrps..., Clonk-r3enerves Vetwepn, tind stinerlar Generals.—ktrs. HEAD'S SELECT REGT.Titr, RushOme, Manr..heeter.

NITANTRD Sltn•stinn 110GriBTCHRPRI1 by respeetAble widow, 42 : good plain ennk, excellent referenees ; wants her bny 4i with her; object to washlng.—Mrs. Ncurnie, 33i. High st„ whitehnreh.

XbX/ ANTOD, GIINItR9.T., and useful Nurse or Nurse House- , nsald ; good wazes for thorougniv capable ge-vante ; stare wsges, au-, Ana full oartieulars of last situation.— COCITIIANF, Middleton Cottage. OhedlA Ha lase, Cheshire.

NT RS. PFM3TOTT. Pr04r.4414, BPrvnnts A gmv...v, 44, I Chars O. The oldest EstAblisiled in Bisekpool. Wants SERVANTS, with referonoes. for }rote's, Pcrardinß and Private Houses: good waq.es ; enclose stunp. Tel., 637.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
Efflianteb.

117 A V/TAD small Modorn Oars. StPpnev 'Rh.els, Lampa V MoTORIsTe A IWtSoRY AGRlecr, 14 Beak at„ London, W.

NATARTED Pnrtner wt.h £3O. Very Pr(fitAble finoines.. V —Pkrtieulars KIRK, Belton, nr. Loughborough, LeiN.stershire. Genuine.

Any wAN-ran to Learn Faca Massacra gni Manicure ; 2 must, Rive time or rreminm ; letters only.—Paßc7 SINN, 49, Deansgate, Manchester.

11 BNTLTMPN WANTRO to Lelrn Chlropnclr, wi`h view T tTAFtnershlp ; letters only. —PEncY St3fs, Surgeon Chlropfxiitt. 49, Deansgate, Manchester.

ANTIM, COWMAN (good milker.) Ccttage found. V Must he etkedy. Good wages given.—G. PIIILOTT, Grange Yartn, Ifanclforttr, near Manchester.

D ELT A 1:IT R MAN (34) awAlts re-.n4agemeqt. Co nmet- el*l Traveller. or any respeet•ble en:10ov av,,,t. Bt London references.—. Atioc ' 113 Glower st.. Lonion,

OTX PALS TRRTII. —We Rlve the higli,st possible prices f: r Rho-7e : offers made, If untecepted, teeth returned - Dealers In CIA Gold or Slicer In Itny form ; bankers' refer. enoes • etraishtforarnrd c!eallng —Woomstr. AVD COMPANY Plrkda'Te nuthrxx t",.

ri.1.1/41.1TAKRii WANTHD, for Haggai School and Mitsion. I.J Man and wife only, to lire on the premises. Applica- tion; by letter only, stating ages and references in on handwriting, no.; later than the 7th dannary tso Flxs.xca Commtrrotcr, Ragged School, Bank st., Warrington.

--UNA CKR I KR kOKBRS 1 I KI7ACKBBS I Beet fl. p'iehle prices given for dead or worn out Horses or Cattle Prompt re-noval on the shortest notl.o any distance rip to lg miles --LialrB TOOLE AND SONS LTD., Manure Mann- factorerg, Longford Woyks, Warrington. Telegrams, Toole linne.-ford Works, Telephone 29

EARNEST YOUNG MEN

WILL FIND A USIIFUL AND FROFITABLII

151 TEM BRILVIOR OF THE

PIONEER LIFE ASSURANCE CO. Thoee rfeldent In Leneastire, Yorkehire, 31131ande, NEweastle, North and South Wale, preferrei. PARTICULARS POET FRIIN.

PIONEER LIFE OFFICE, 67, DALE ST.,

LIVERPOOL.

fatsrellantous, On Oalts, etc.

50 CLUB CARDS. 60..15. 8..; 100, 10a. 6.l.—Dti.Lta AND Co., 39 Park at., Cambridge.

H&ND Stains Remover.—Sen4 74. to Messrs. DICOAW. STEVENSON ORB LTD.. Belfast.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
VD be itet.

PUNKRTH.—COTTAGES, 2a. Ed.. and Es. Ed., per week. MTI L SIT BUT, OFFlol39,ground floor. Also upper rooms. n. CATHATTINH STURRT, rent 41.. 31. rer week. GOOD SHOP and DWHLLING HOUSL:, 67, Wlnwlck cad, rent Ea. Ed. a week clear.

Apply Romstyr LowE, Tistate Agent, No. I Bank-street War ri,ston. TelPphone—Nn 56.

-mu LBT, Housß. Leigh V 114.9, linutsf,,rl rd. ; rent £l6. J —Apply A LPTIED. Leigh Vlll4s. r.rann•nhr.ll.

'FO LAT 17, FOLLY LANR.—Apply Woope a Scat J Antic Horsetnarket Street, Warrtneton.

rro LICT.—Gnon TiousF. Hormood-oreet ; 3 bed TDOM ; rent 51. ed.—Apply ROODS AND SON, Solicitors, iforsenißrket et _

To LRl.—Slitl I-DETACH HD VILLA. Stafford rd. Ilderepool ; 5 bedrooms, Nab, we. Excellent modern convenlencer. iOareen.— JIS, WILDkRaPrOL RD., WRrringrton.

rro BR LBT,Tower Houle, close to Bankey Station (O.L (1.) • 1 compriiirg two entertaining room., kitchen nod back- kft•hen, fire bedroom., hotth, and w.e.. h and C. throughout. waptit,onse and small gsr,en.—ltpply next door, or to Mr. S. Owpac, Rotate Agent, Widnes. Alto Next Home coming tract', slrrttv. c4,ntaining two entertaining room., kitahen and btri-kitaben. three badroomr,bath room, h. and a.,w.c., email garden, £l9 iof. rer 11311U012.—Apply at abort.

keilC —How to Start a Tin•lnPss on. Send s.sven stamps. ) SToictui, Woodlefgh,

IDESULTS TO 13t1A.T THH WORLD. —Apply terms, A. J. L t H0w1.% 28, Perryn rd., Acton, London. W.

VXHTBITION CORlRT.—Beantlful tailor made. worth LA 21•., wimple pair MuteEcv, Pontvprldd.

ARMY PUTTERS and Sailors' Canvas Leggings either IS. pair, post free.—Suirnantswn, Char at., Nottingham.

3144 Inniar Tvoewrlters,' ES 101. ; unlveres ..c.lkeylionrci.—Parti,tultas WEIR/MIR Co,to3,lStrand,Londonl

DOOTS Direlt from Frotory. To'holestle Prteea. State your 1) Requlrements.-9LTTFUSLD RD. BOOT woßice), LelcestPr.

'WORM3 D 0441 !—Tnellan Worm BeAttie, ls. post free Agent :—H.saz. Chemist, Hollowstone, Nottingham.

y AnT offers gentlemen poirtial boArd, 14., 61. ; comfort- -1.4 *hie home.-6, Pgncir RD , Shepherel's Rush, Llndon.

Jsueceestot recipe sent, merle up, k) 31. el.—ooLoNgL, Irixehanitp, 2, Craven et., London.

GOOD flying wade her Amerle‘n Rtotrieie Formoln. Circu'ars Free.--NICDowELL. 18 Grovefhld it. Belfast.

/AN SALA, two laree COTBi, will bold 90 (owls, ehoßp tc, Immediate purcbastr.— Cox, Daibnry it., Wenote, Sinnelletter.

ALL SPORTSMAN should se-id P.O. of Rs. 61. for my 11. Gr-nd Spesial for next Friday to J. BLRLow, 7, AfhPrton it., Manchester.

WHITH Sfißil fnII-slze pure Twill shesll, hemmed aarrlscre paid 51. 6d. Money balk If n3t approved.— VERITY'B. Resale rd., Hull.

apartments, Afurnisbelt flouses, Brt

BOOT Bulimia for SalP, same family 50 years. Batts- factory reasons.-106. limn ST., Slough.

Do YOU WANT TO MILL your Business P—lt so,nonsult Mr. OovIDELL, Business Agent. Legb st., Warrington.

OUSIS. Buil.tinge, and [Anil. 6I acres rte)out, fJr IL Apply THE OLD HALL, Burnaston, BttU, DerV.

The weakest resolution for THE NEW YEAR the New Year is that sug- AND ITS gested by the Irish parody PROSPECTS. humorist—to make no,

resolutions. It is true that divisions of time are mere devices of convenience and that most of our great outstanding decisions of life must in the very nature of things be deter- mined quite apart from the aid of the calendar. But the idea which is really behind the thought of the welcome feesh start with the beginning of a New Year has its value, and does not need the apologies which are usually offered for it when good resolutions are talked of. No man is so con- ceited on January ht as to think that he has made the best possible use of the twelve months which have just closed. He may be better for the reflection that with the opening of another period he will gain by the experi- ence of the past. At any rate, the sentiment will not harm him if he applies it in examina- nation of himself, good-humouredly, but none the less definitely on that account. In that connec- tion the propinquity of New Year's Day to the Christmas festivity is happy because it tends to cause the inquiry to be conducted in a spirit of kindliness and sweet reasonableness. The genius of our own race is against violent change, and the feeling of the present age is certainly in harmony with the lessons of nature—that development of any kind is best achieved gradually. Therefore, such resolutions as we may make on New Year's Day in this part of the twentieth century are likely to be tempered by moderation and avoid- ance of extravagance of thought or deed. The outlook for the year is one calculated to test the individual, as well as the nation, for os individuals we are bound up nationally, and the two considerations, though they may have many differences, cannot be separated. The present year is entered upon, from the national point of view, with less optimism than narked the corn- mencernent of the last. The national mood just now is to regard things rather gloomily but we hardly think that pessimism is justified. We are at peace with all the world, and our relations with foreign Powers were never more friendly; we have paid a large sum off the National Debt ; the war taxation was by the last Budget still further reduced ; more than half a million of the most deserving aged poor to-day experience for the first time the joy of long-talked-of pensions ; and money .is cheap for commercial enterprise—for strengthening our commerce by judicious specula- tion. So all classes have a great deal to be grateful for. Toe New Year is a swum ens to new enterprise, and on no other condition is there salt and savour in its sentiments. It is to be a year of great activities in many realms. Of polities nothing need be said here, except that great issues will be Industrially the outlook is brighter. One hopes that,at any rate,ten and a half million work- ! ing days will not be lost in this country during 1909,as in 1903,because of trade disputes. For the Churches, too, the year will be a busy one, and after recent happenings, it is devoutly to be wished that in every walk of life the year may begin and continue in that disposition of charity which is the great human key to all its good fortune. Toe dark daye are over and done with ; our faces are now to the light. We are returning to the sun. Almost before we have tinae to lift our eyes from the task the snowdrop and the violet will be gemming the bank side and the underwood in the coppice. The birds' song will sound a fuller note in welcome 1 of each returning day, and the day will prolong ' its primrose twilight in every evening. The world ' has begun the serious business of another year, and there is profound parable in the fact that its task will be accomplished by an ordered progrss which is irresistible and unremitting.

If the present Government PENSIONS AT LAST. had performed no other legislative achievement than to pass the Old Age Pensions Act which came into force yesterday it would have done enough to earn the undying gratitude of the democracy. Pensions for the aged and honest who have fallen behind in the keen competitive struggle for exist- ence have been promised by statesmen and Governments for a longer time than one cares to recollect. They never appeared likely to materialise until the Government of to-day took office and declared its determination to translate promise into fulfilment. This Government lisd the power, it had the will—an i what is more important —it had the heart. Yesterday-pensions were paid over the Government counter, and the dream of the poor and toilworn was realiEed. Tile Act, as the " Manchester Guardian " so aptly says, "begins the humanisation of our system of poor relief which . . we hope will continue." There is now a distinction, wkiich has long been lacking, between poor relief and Poor Lariil , relief. The latter pauperises, and the former uplifts. In course of time the newer, and more humanitarian method, may supersede the older. We trust that it will. Already, a time limit has been placed on the present disqualification for pensions which bears so hardly on those unfortunate people who have been compelled to accept relief undsr the Poor Laws. In 1911 even they may shake off the shackles and participate in the Government bounty. Eventually there will be no disqualification for which a would-be pensioner is not personally responsible and blameworthy. i This is what should be. At present the means available compel a certain amount of restriction but there are 600,000 old people eligible already for the Government grant. Jealous Conservatives

try to spoil the picture by saying that the six and a half millions required will not be forthcoming. They should remember that taxation is much less now than when their party was in office. During the last ten years taxation has increased by one- tenth; the taxable resources of the country have increased by nine-tenths, so-that the Chancellor of the Exchequer is a long way from the end of his tether.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN __WALKER_ __& _CO.,

- DIE STAMPEHS, ACCOUNT BOOR MAKER S EXCURSION POSTERS AND HANDBILLS. INVOICES RULED TO PATTERN. PROSPECTUSES. POSTER PRINTING. WE PRINT THE LARGEST SHEET IN TTIA TOWN AND DIMTRICT. Plain or in two or more ooloure to make a bold and striking display on Hoardings and walls. EXAMINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON

Vartnersbfucc, EttcOnessts.

PIOTURII ?WAILING 8U51N1393, Old Ratfibllshed, gold Investment, £280,-459. Ooxictsßcut HD., London, IL

Rgritulturai Vrobuct, Vlants, Su

WHITH West Highland Pedigree Puppies, prize winning sire.—Apply ROMS, Miii C.)ttage, Portree, Skye.

von SALT( two Chestnut Mares, Traps, Harness, and I Stable Fittings.—Apply Dr. Siltw, Railway rd., Lelgh.

iDouses anti Zanb on Ortiz..

===== 0002601_19090102_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS.

Congratulations to the Apollo Prize Choir on winning the first prize at Chester Christmas Eisteddfod for the third time! * * *

Councillor Peacock is making hay while the sun shines, and not allowing any concern about the election petition to cramp his energies as the present representative of Orford Ward. Having already brought the bowling green scheme to the fore, he is now tackling the price of gas to users of slot meters, and will move for a reduction at the meeting of the Council on Tuesday next. * *

It will be some time before the circus at Market Gate is complete. Improvements do not follow one another with delirious rapidity, and there is an obvious pause in this cparter. The shop lately tenanted by Mr. T. J. Lee bas been let again at £l2O per annum. Though threatened it seems likely to live long.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
* * *

It has been suggested to the Sanitary Works Com- mittee that the night-soil vans should be fitted with rubber tyres, but the Committee have vetoed the suggestion on the ground of expense. These dis- turbers of the silent watches of the night have always struck us as being more noisome than noisy. If the odours they exhale so lavishly could be ru')ber- tyred they might get awe" (Flicker.

Ifessina, now destroyed by earthquake and sea, was founded by pirates in 732 B.e. It has its interesting associations with both English history and English literature, for Richard Coeur-de-Lion spent six months there on his way to the crusades, and the scene of "Much Ado about Nothing" is laid there. Bolntia bombarded it for several days in 1843, and it was the last place in Sicily to be taken by Garibaldi in 1810. Earthquakes have often visited it disastrously in the past. When Goethe landed at Messina in 1737 ho found it still a ruined city, demolished by the earth- quake of 173. * * *

Some interesting figures were given at a meeting of the Leeds Free Church Council recently as to the proportion of Free Church prisoners in prison. Alluding to the representations made to the Some Office with regard to the visits of Nonconformist ministers to prisons, the report, we gather from the "Free Church Chronicle," stated that out of a total prison population of 20,136, there were only 253 Wesleyans, eighty-four Baptists, sixty-six Methodists, sixty-nine Presbyterians,tlairty-four Congregationalists, font- Salvationists, three Bible Christians, Oro Plymouth Brethren, and one Quaker. * * *

Cold as the last few days have been, they have been almost torrid compared with the closing week of 1860. At nine o'clock on Christmas morning of that year the temperature in Hyde Park was 17deg. below freezing-point. At Beeston, near Nottingham, accord- ing to the "Times," "the temperature at the same time was Bdeg below zero at four feet above the ground ; and, on the grass, 13.8 deg. below zero, or 45.8 deg. of frost." During the previous night, from seven p.m. to eleven p.m., the temperature never rose as high as zero. In the last week of December, 1793, the mercury fell in London to 16deg. below zero.

A good story is told in the "Lady's Realm" of Mr. Radvard Kipling. Recently he was a guest at a literary -dinner at which, besides several leading authors, were a great many men who knew something about literature and tried to make up for what they lacked by a good deal of pretence. Trying to hold Kipling's attention, one of these started a discussion concerning the spelling and pronunciation of the English language. " Have you ever noticed, Mr. Kipling," he said, "that in the entire English language there are only two words beginning with su 'that are pronounced as though beginning with sh ? Those two are sumach and sugar. Having made an exhaustive study of the subject you may take it from me that this is so." Bored though he was, Kipling's politeness did not desert him. Assuming an expression of interest, although his eyes twinkled behind his glasses,he quietly asked, "Are you sure?" 4, * *

The Watch Committee is apparently in favour of instituting a new kind of distinction for the men in blue to strive for. In the minutes of the Committee for the last meeting are entries awarding P.C. Green a suit of plain clothes and a rise in wages from 265. to 28s. per week for apprehending Frederick Hallows for shopbreaking ; and P.C. Newey a reward of £1 for apprehending William Tomkinson for the same class of offence. We do not, in the least, object to this recognition of smartness. Policeman do many things in the public service for which they get no special thanks or reward. Now the capture of a shop breaker is a substantial achievement and merits recognition. We hope other officers will be spurred to emulate the deeds of P.C.'s Green and Newey. If no shopbreakers are available, a burglar eliTald do as well and command the same figure. Jndging from reports from the suburbs there are plenty of burglars waiting to be laid by the heels. Up and at 'em bobbies !

* * . * A pensions officer in the course of his inquiries in a village between Bury and Bolton was interrogating an old lady—et lifelong resident of the village. Bearing in mind the disqualification that residence in a foreign country may sometimes prove to be, he asked the old lady whether she had ever been abroad. The applicant considered the question for a moment and then replied in the negative. The officer noticed her hesitation and in a warning tone said : "You had better be careful, madam ; the penalties for wrong statements may be very heavy." The old lady trembled. " Well, I have been abroad, now I come to think of it," she said. " Oh, you have been," said the officer ' • " Then why couldn't you say so b efore then. Really, madam, I must warn you again to be careful. Where have you been ?" " Well, now," said the old lady, with manifest concern: " I didn't think it mattered all that. Ify memory isn't as good as it used to be, but I mind I was at Blackpool twice and at Bolton three times." If Mr. Stead's dictum as to the supremacy of Irish orators is possibly open to question, there is certainly no denying their pre-eminence in the production of bulls. Even the stately Burke himself has been credited with a characteristic example, while more modern instances have been numerous enough. Was it not Mr. Field, of Dublin, who convulsed the House by remarking, " The right hon. gentleman shakes his head—and lam sorry to hear it"? Another of his fellow-countrymen not long ago objected to " intro- &lcing fresh matter already decided," while a third declared that the Government was "iron-bound with red-tape." Mr. Gladstone used to say that the m-st eloquent speaker he ever hef.rd in the House of Commons was Richard lialor Sheil—though he admitted in reply to someone who asked if Shed did not scream a good deal that the indictment was true. " Sir" replied the G.0.M., "he was all scream." The late Lord Salisbury, on the other hand, regarded John Bright as the greatest orator of modern times. " I have met men who have beard Pitt and Fox," Lord Salisbury once said "and in whose judgment the eloquence of those famous orators was altogether inferior to the finest efforts of John Bright."

The Postmaster-General is showing consid•rable willingness to introduce reforms in his Department , which will fill a long-felt want. The latest is a new kind of paroel post which has been established by the Post Office. It is known as the "insured box system," and it will be operative between the United Kingdom and France and Belgium. The new service is , intended to provide for the carriage of jewellery, precious stones, articles of gold and silver, and so on. The weight of the insured box must not exceed 21bs., nor can it be more than 12 inches in length. The Postage on an insured box is one shilling, and the insurance fee is 4d. for the first £l2 insured and 2d. for every additional £l2 up to the maximum of £4OO. The lack of such a scheme in the past has been severely felt. Small parcels containing articles of great value have had to be sent to France without the protection of registration, and without hope of recom- pense if they were lost. The consequence has been that most of the jewellery passing between the two countries has gone by messengers, or has been brought over by travellers at the request of friends for postage here.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

Coming Events:

_ A young people's service will be held at Wycliff e Church, t rmorrow (Sunday) morning, to be addressed by th,a Rev. A. A. Lee, of Bootle. Tie annual pre- sentation of Bihlea to members of the Pastor's catechumen class will take place at this service. In the evening the Rev. John Yonge will preach on the Wycliffe motto for 1909. A children's .ball in aid of the Warrington Infirmary wilrbe held at the Parr Hall on Tuesday evening. The annual treat to the aged poor of Warrington will be given at the Parr Hall on Thursday next. In the evening there will be an entertainment in which a nuralaer of local amateurs and artistes from the Hippodrome will take part. A cantata " Esther, the beautiful gleen " will be given by the Legh-street Primitive llethodist Choir in the Baptist Church Buildings, Golb )rne-street, on Thursday, JKinuary 14th, in aid of the Baptist Exten- sion Funds.

PUBLIC BINEFIT.—UNDER. TIIE CLOCK FOB BEST BOOTS IN LA.XCASIIIM—Advt. Town Council. The month!y meeting of the Town Council will be held on Tuesday evening next at the Town Hall at 6 o'clock.

Ex-Superintendent Monaghan. The journalist a of Warriogton have this week shown their appreciation of the courtesy and consideration which they have invariably experienced at the hands of ex-Superintendent Monaghan by presenting him with a crocodile cane stick with deep silver band suitably inscribed. Table, Floor, and Hanging LAMPS. Latestaesigns now showing. See windows.—J. S. GARLAYD, 51- 55, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. New Year Accidents. Nineteen accident cases, mostly of a m:rnr character were dealt with at the Infirmary yesterday. A. boy named James Sharp, of 4 Gandy street, was admitted suffering from a serious fracture of the arm, sustained whilst climbing a fence as he was returning from the football match at Wilderspool. Local Will. The will has been provel of Mr. John -Meredith, late of 20, Rolleston-street, Warrington, who died last October and left estate valued at £10,197. The bulk of the property is left to testator's niece, Mrs. Mary Ashworth, of 491, Seven Sisters-road, Tottenham, London.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
Presentation to ex-Police Inspector Smith.

Yesterday afternoon at the Police Station ex-Inspector Samuel Smith, who recently retired on pension from the local Force, after 26 years service, was presented by the Chief Constable, on behalf of the members of the Force, with a handsome eight-day striking clock, suitably inscribed, for himself and a gold brooch for Mrs. Smith.—The articles were supplied by Messrs. Eustance.

'LINSEED COMPOUND' for Conghs &Colds. Relieves Asthma and difficult breathing. 91d., Is. lid.—Advt. League of Pity. _ _ _

Tie second annual dance in connection with the Warrington branch of the Children's League of Pity, which seeks to interest the rising generation in the work of the N.S.P.C.C., was hold at the Winmarleigh Cafe on Monday evening. There was an attendance of 120 and dancing was induled in from 6.30 to 12 o'clock, Mr. H. Seed being at the piano. Mr. T. Kenyon discharged the duties of 11.0. The arrange- ments were well carried out by Miss Dorothy Cox and Miss Ethel Wilkinson and the affair proved a complete success.

PUBLIC BENRFIT.—UNDER TrIE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IX LANcAsRIRB.—Advt. Send-off for a Warrington Life-Guard. A supper and smoker was held at the Hop Pole Hotel, Horsemarket-street, on Tuesday evening la at, the occasion boing a little send-siff to Mr. Fred Hug lies the only Warrington man at present in the Life Guards. An excellent repast was participated in by 50 guests at the invitation of Mr. and Mrs. James Lodge. Mr. W. J. Shaw was in the chair, and during a short interval gave an excellent speech regarding the qualities of Corporal Hughes. Songs were rendered by Messrs. Tom Walsh, R. Jolley, Fzed Carlisle, Corporal Hughes and Walter Sutton. If r. Arthur Warburton officiated at the piano. ART CHINA. Tat SBRvillipS, 40 pieces 123. 6,1.- 3. S. GARLAND, 51, Bridge-street,Warrington.—Advt. N.S P.C.C. Bail.

The annual hall in aid of the funds of the Warring- t-n branch of the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children was held at the Parr Hall on Thursday evening and proved more than usually successful. The attendance numbered about 160 and included Mr. A. U. Crosfreld, M.P., and Ifrs. Crosfield. The hall had been most tastefully decorated by Ur. Raloh Johnson who had Is ) sup-plied a special-floor. Mr.Vetter's band provided exeellent selectious of dance music. Mr. F. A. Frost discharged the duties of steward. The catering was in the hands of the WinTarleigh Cafe Co, and gave every satisfaction. Admirable arrangements were made by a ladies' F aurnittee headed by Mrs. F. A. Frost, who is deserv- ing of a special word of praise for the enthusiasm with which she workel for the 5t1.3:3355 of the function 'LINSEED COWPOTJND 'for Coughs and Colds. Of proven efficacy. 9il. & Is, lid. Of Chemists only.—Advt. Presentation to Mr. H. A. Thompson. A gold keyless English chronograph and gold albert have been presented to Mr. 11. A. Thomp- son by tho Midland Railway staff and district friends on his retirement from the service. The articles have been supplied by the well known firm of Messrs. Eustance and Co., goldsmiths, &o, Sankey-street.

A Pair of " DOCILTON " ORNAMENTS make a choice and acoeptable present. Stock ranges from 54. to £5 per pair.—J. S. G.k.RLAND, 51, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. Warrington Man Missing. John Burgess. a married man, aged Gl years, of Dalton Bank, Warrington, has been missing from home since Wednesday, the 23rd inst. Ho was last seen at G. 30 on that morning in Buttermarket-street. Recently he met with an accident and it is feared that loss of memory accounts for his absence.---Murgess,- who is the caretaker of Fairfield Schools, is sft. sin. in height and has white hair, grey moustache and a small scar on the forehead. lie was dressed in a tweed suit, with a blue slop underneath his jazket 't mingled socks and laced boots. P.S.A. _ _

- -Owing to the holiday season and the wintry weather there was only a small attendance at the meeting of Wveliffe P.S.A. on Sunday. Mr. Farrar presided, and spoke upon the changes in life, and the wickedness of Herod and the people of his time. Yet at that time, the promised Messiah come. Might they, while think- ing npon " God with us" exercise a thankful spirit and a willing consecration to His service in the year upon which they were abmt to enter. Mr. WoOley gave an address upon "A Changed Life,' and spoke upon the great advantage of a Chriitian life. Mr. W. Parker sang" The dream of Paradise," and Mr. Payton presided at the organ. LINSEED COMPOUND' (Aniseed, Senega, Squill &o.), for Coughs. Of Chemists oaly.—Advt.

Women's Circle, Golborne-street. Mr. S. Bickers presided kt the meeting of this circle on Sunday, assisted by Mrs. Letheren. Short papers we read by the members, and a book offered for the best as awarded to Misa Polly Heywool, special mentien being made of Miss Annie Roberts's Riper. The subject was " Whit has the circle done for me? What can Ido for the circle ?" The discussion was opened by Mrs. Bradley. Several took pirt, including Mrs. W. Patrick, Mrs. E. W. Jones, Mrs. Norman Balmford, Mrs. Clatevorthy. Solos were given by Miss L. Plinston, always a willing and acceptable singer, and Miss Kate Hamer. PUBLIC BBNICYIT lINDRa THU CLOCK FORBSST BOOTS IN LANCASHIRIL—Advt.

; Mr. A. H. Crosfleld, M.P. and Golf. The" World" states that Mr. A. H. Crosseld, M.P, captain of the Grand Duke Michael of Russia's Cannes Golf Club, has arranged a Parliamentary party of golfers to visit Cannes in January. It includes Mr. Lloyd George, Sir John Dicicson-Poynder, Sir Edward Sassoon, Mr. Cecil Harmaworth, Mr. A. C. Bock and Mr. Herbert James Craig, two of the junior members of the House ; Mr. Schwann, Mr. H. W. Culling Carr- Gomm, a former private secretary to the late Prime Minister; Mr. Arthur Osmond Williams and the Liberal Whip, Mr. J. A.. Pease. Mr. William Mitchell Thomson will also be there, and Lord Elcho as well. Lord Wolverton and Colonel Seymour Fortesque are expected to arrive almost immediately.

LINSEED CO NEPOUND 'for Coughs and Colds. Of proven efficacy. Of Chemists only. 9id.,15.1id.,28.9d.-Advt Apollo Choir's Success.

The twentieth Chester Christmas Eisteddfod was held on Boxing-day, and attracted several hundreds of people, there being crowded audiences both in the afternoon and evening. The following six choirs sang in the male voice contest (test, "The S3n of God," by Jenkins) : —Brymbo, Mr. R. J. Roberts; Cambria (Newtown, Montgomery), Mr. J. R. o.Evans; Packtuoor, ltr. James Smith ; Tunstall Male Glee Union, Mr. W. A. Lonsdale ; Warrington Apollo, Mr. IL Berry; and Wigan Harmonic, Mr. A. Bullock. The adjudicator said that the competition had been ruined by the canker worm of bad intonation, for which generally the inside parts had been account- able. There had been a close contest tstween the Warrington and the Wigan choirs, but he had no hesitation in awarding the prize to Warrington for what was on the whole a very good performance.

COAGL7LINE," KLINX," TENASITINE.' Cements for mending all things.—Advt. Penny Popular Concerts. Saturday evening's concert in Bold-street School- room was one of the most attractive yet .held and there was a crowded audience, a number being unable to gain admittance. The Rev. T. Miller presided, and during an interval in the programme delivered a short address. Miss Ruth Cocking, of Manchester, and Mr. Andrews, of Liverpool, rendered several songs in a highly creditable manner. Miss Ethel Kent is a clever child pianist, and in addition to playing a couple of pianoforte solos, she acted as accompanist throughout the evening. gr. Stewart, of Manchester, supplied a capital ventriloquial sketch, and Mr. G. Barratt, of London, kept the audience in a state of merriment with his humorous songs. Another popular feature was the smart exhibition given by a perform- ing dog trained by Mr. Edwin Nield. BRASS AND COPPEIR HBARTR SWITES, see window display for new and artistic patterns.—J. S. GARLAND, 51-53, Bridge-street, Warrington.—Advt. Presentation to the Rector. After the early celebration at the Parish Church on Christmas morning some thirty or forty ladies and gentlemen, representing a larger body of parishioners, called at the Rectory and the Rector's warden (Mr. J. S. Craik), after wishing the Rector and Mrs. Willis a very. happy Christmas, said the deputation wished to give them a Christmas box from a number of parishioners, in accordance with the custom said that Christmas was a fitting time to bestow presents upon those they loved. gr. Samuel Taylor, the people's waiden. then handed to Canon Willis a large and handsomely framed photograph of himself taken by Mr. Birtles. In making the presentation Mr. Taylor spoke of the respect with which they regarded the Rector and Mrs. Willis, and expressed hopes as to their future welfare and happiness. The Rector, who was as deeply affected as he was completely surprised, thanked the parishioners heartily for their kindness and wished them, too, "A very happy and blessed Christmas."

'LINSEED COSIPOUND with warm water is an excellent gargle for sore throat.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0065.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19090102_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
Fire at _Messrs. Rylands Brothers' Works.

Some alarm was caused shortly before two o'clock on Sunday afternoon when it became known that a fire had broken out in what is known as the stretching room, over the offices of Messrs. Rylands Bros.' Church-street. Fortunately however, the outbreak was so promptly dealt with that it never assumed serious dimensions. The works bell was rung and the foremen and others assembled and got to work with the firm's fire appliances. A telephonic message was despatched t the Fire Station, and Superintendant Turner and the Deputy Superintendent, with a full complement of men and two engines were quickly on the scene. It was seen, however, that the fire was in hand and as little water was used as possible to prevent further damage being done to the offices below. A. large hole had been burnt in the floor and a portion of the beams destroyed. The damage is covered by insurance. The cause of the outbreak is unknown.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON MUSICAL SOGIETY. Concert in Parr Hall.

The miscellaneous concert given by the Warrington Musical Society on Boxing night was excellent in pre- senting a most interesting programme, but it curiously failed to attract the full attendance which might have been expected on a night so largely given up to enter- tainments of all kinds by the public. But, though the audience was not strong in point of numbers,the room was nicely filled and bore a cheerful aspect, the dis- crimination and enthusiasm shown in regard to the music providing an animated light and shade in the evening's proceedings. The most important item was Elgar's " The Banner of St. George "—quite a big work for the society's members when the total amount of choral singing embodied in it is considered. Having regard to the present unbalanced state Of the chorus the forceful and dramatic descriptiveness of the piece was splendidly brought out, and, in speaking of the singing, one scarcely knows whether to admire most the subtleties of Elgar in his simpler moods as in the voicing of the "wail of anguish" of the Sylene women or his stern and strenuous ruggedness in the com- plexities of the conflict with the dragon as may be instanced at the occurrence of the words "the knight of Cappadocia dauntless stands," in the male voice parts. But there was no mistaking the fact that the society's members had got firmly hold of the spirit and intention of the work,vvith the result that the story was told in the music with conviction and great earnestness. The endings of the two scenes comprised in "The Banner" are beautifully contrasted, the evasive yet entrancing subject associated with the words " 0 beauteous Love ! " being in the first scene tenderly and expressively rendered by the soprano and contralto voices amongst whom it is most con- spicuously heard, while the moving march theme of the epilogue was a culminating effort on the part of all concerned which was worthy of .all praise and evidenced the thoroughness of rehearsal and the perfect control the conductor, Mr. Crossley, had over his forces. While the orchestral parts to Elgar's work were exceptionally well played, agiinst t'uis due acknowledgement should be placed the plain fact that the executive capacity of the violin section was largely overstrained in the Zarnpa overture and in the last. of the three Henry VIR dances (Gar man). An interesting feature was the appearance of Miss Clarice Newall at the pianoforte in Mendelssohn's G minor concerto in which she greatly distinguished herself, her playing of the onerous solo part being marked by a delicacy of touch, a reserve of power, and it steadiness under trying circumstances which are as remarkable in so young a performer, as they are both admirable and indicative of genuine ability. A. most enthusiastic eccore was given to Miss .Newall to which she responded with a charming rendering of a "Study" by Loesclihorn in which facile gracefulness was again a most noticeable quality in her technique. As a solo violinist Mr. Arthur Catterall came to Warrington with the highest credentials, and his performances of the Mx Brach concerto, though somewhat marred by the faulty orchestral playing in the finale, was a masterly performance. His tone, as heard here arid in the Polonaise (Vieuxtempa) and the Romance in G- (naethoren) is magnificent, while the ever-changing mood of the Polonaise and the exigencies of the double- stopping in the Romance were difficulties in the surmounting of which Mr. Catterall alike gloried and triumphed. Mr. Horatio Connell sang some baritone songs of no special interest in quite a satisfactory manner, and the choral members of the society further rendered Gounod's " 0 Sing to God "and a number of Christmas Carols with a breadth, a degree of taste and a tone volume which left little to be desired.

OUGHT I TO USB GIASSKS.—In order to answer this question it is necessary to test the sight. This is done and all information given willingly. JOHNSTON WATSON, Eyesight Testing Rooms, 84, Bridge-street, Warrington. Hours of Business: 9.30 to 7.30, Johnston Watson attends on ldouday and Tuesdsy frog lito 4.30. Wednesday 11 to 5.30. Thurday 11 10 1, and Friday and Saturday 11 to s.3o.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. F. STOTT IN NEW ZEALAND. THE CONDITIONS OF LABOUR.- EMPLOYMENT SCARCE.

{To ME EDITOR OF TETE " EXAMINER-91 NOVEMBER iGTa, 1908.

Sir,—l arrived at Auckland on October 19th, after • a long and dreary voyage. For seven weeks I did • not set foot on land, and for over four weeks we saw neither land nor a passing vessel. Daring September we held a meeting in the dining-room, when I gave an address on Socialism to a large and appreciative -audience. We expected to have plenty of opposition lout were surprised to find that not even a single question was asked. Socialism was the main topic for discussion by the passengers for several days after • the meeting. It was interesting to hear the various reasons which were given as the cause which had led many of them to emigrate. Unemployment at home appeared to be one of the principal causes. It was my intention to post a letter for the Examiner" from Auckland, but owing to a severe strain of my back I was practically a cripple during our stay at that port and correspondence had to be somewhat neglected. Having had no news fr -)m leaving Liverpool, it was a real pleasure to be able to peruse a newspaper upon our arrival in the Dominion, and the news of interest to me was that there was a "cotton "strike in existence at home, that Victor Grayson had been suspended for the Session, and that the General Election in New Zealand was to take on November 17th. Perhaps the most important news to myself was to find that there was a trade depression here, and consequently a large number of unemployed. "The speeches of the candidates for Parliament are very strange reading to a Britisher. There is no mention of Education or Licensing Bills which are being so keenly discussed in the old country, nor are there any unemployed demonstrations, although there is a large army of unemployed men in the Dominion. One has only to take a walk during the daytime in the vicinity of the wharf here in Wellington to be assured of the fact that there is a number of men out of work. I saw a report in one of the Wellington newspapers to the effect that there were at least one 'hundred carpenters out of work in the city, and this is during the time of the year when the building trades are usually busiest. -What the conditions will be in the winter season one does not care to imagine. It might appear to b 3 unjust for a " new chum " to attempt to comment upon the conditions of labour SO soon after arrival in the Dominion, but I have been here quite long enough to realize that New Zealand is not a place where employment is so easily obtained "we had been led to believe before leaving home. I found upon my arrival in Wellington that there were quiet a number of engineers unemployed and that it was very difficult to obtain a situation. The bulk of the engineering shops are mall and give employment to very few men. It was a new and not very pleasant experience for me to search for work, for I had fortunately never been out of employ- ment before. For some nine or ten days I tramped about from one works to another. At last I was 'fortunate to obtain temporary employment and made a start last Tuesday. Two of my colleagues who came on the "Surrey" have not vet been able to obtain a situation, and one of them has a wife and four children dependent npon him. A few days after our arrival 'here one of the Shaw Sarin steamships from London brought between five and six hundred passengers, and one could not help but feel sorry for many of them who had an impression that employment would be obtained almost immediately upon arrival. There is a strong and growing feeling against so many immigrants bcing encouraged to come here, and the policy of the Government in granting assisted Passages, is being severely condemaed by many of the Parliamentary candidates, and also by a large section of the public. It has surprised me to find how many now corners there are who regret having, 'left the old country and there are many here who would be glad to get back home again There are many, of course, who have been more fortunate and are much better off than in the old country. Adverting to politics, I find that in one of the Wellington constituencies there are seven candidates for one vacancy. There is a Labour candidate and also a Socialist candidate among them. Some of the candidates deliver addresses of two to three hours in length. It is expected that the Government (Liberal) will be returned with a slightly decreased majority. In many of the constituencies the interest taken in the Local Option vote far exceeds the question of the election of the Member. The electors are asked to vote on the following questions : (1) I vote that the licencea- in this district be discontinued. • (2) I vote that the licences in this district be reduced. (3) I vote that no new licences in this district be granted. The publicans here as at home are advising the -people how to vote, and asking them, in the interact of temperance, to vote for continuance. Tinge placards are exhibited from every hotel with instructions how to vote. A large increase in the No licence "vote is expected. Next week I will send you a contribution com- Menting on the result of the election.—Yours truly, FRED STOTT.

LOCAL WEDDINGS. Harper—Longdin. A. pretty wedding of considerable local interest took 13lace at Holy Trinity Church, Warrington, on Wednes- day afternoon, when Mr. Alfred Wilkinson Harper, of -Harrogate, son of the late Mr. Alfred Harper, was married to Miss Jeannie Longdin, daughter of Mr. Thos. Longdin, borough surveyor, 33, Wilson-Patten- street. The vicar (Rev. E. C. E. Carleton) officiated, assisted by the Rev. J. Morgan Price. Mr. Frank Rooth was at the organ and played the following eb°ice selections :—" Grand Choeur " (ga/ome) " Liehslied " (Fleaselt), "Andante" ((iVirnaiit), " Bridal March " (Wagner), " Wedding March ' ' Ofendelasohnl, " Marche Nuptiale " ((iui/mant). The bride, who was given away by her father, was charmingly attired in white chiffon taffeta silk, trimmed with cingalese lace, and handsome veil embroidered with Princess lace. Her bouquet was 'CoraNserl of choice white flowers. She was attended bY her sister, Miss Alice Maud Longdin, Whose dress Iva.l of pan point striped chiffon taffeta silk, trimmed 'ViltliEfoniton lace and cerise pann. She carried a muff consisting of pink carnations, moss and fern.- Mr. Alfred Day, of Harrogate, discharged the duties of 'best man. After the ceremony a reception was held .a, t the house of the bride's parents, and at 5.12 the 'fl,aPPy couple left for London and Folkstone where ° honeymoon will be spent. The bride's travelling was an Oxford grey tailor made costume, with belio silk hat trimmed with parma violets. The following is a list of the presents : Bride's father, cheque Bride's mother, household linen, furs, and a pair of IDoulton ornaments Bridegroom's mother, cheque Mr. and Mrs. :T. S. Garland, tea service, drawing- room cnrb and irons Mrs. J. S. Garland, tea service Miss A. Longdin, carpet sweeper, scales, etc. Mrs. Gill, silver salver Mrs. Edwards, picture Miss Willet, marmalade jar Mrs. Bateman. brass plant pot Mr. and Miss Owen (Ruabon) picture Miss Massey, silver cream jug and sugar basin Miss Taylor, cut glass tumblers Mrs. Brumfitt (Durham), eider down quilt Mrs. Hartley (Nottingham), table centre Mn. Lang (Gourock), piano top Mr. Birtles tea service Mrs. and the Misses Finney, silver cake basket Mrs. Walton, fruit dish Mrs. Webster, set of embroidered mats Mrs. Cochrane (Fife), linen towels Miss Elsie Taylor, picture Alias Crompton, picture Mr. and Mrs. T. Longdin, fish carvers Mr. and Mrs. H. T. Longdin (Anerley), table glass ?qrs. Baxter (London), dinner service Mr. T. G. Longdin (Rangoon) and Miss Ault, hand- some Burtnese carved drawing-room mirror Mr. Alexander, silver spirit kettle. Mrs. J. K. and Miss Wright, china bowl The Revand Mrs. Carleton, Russian leather hand-bag. Mr. E. Coatts, Pair of silver ornaments Ur. and Mrs. Richardson, cutlery _ Miss Denham, duchess set Mrs. Webster, hand carved brass coffee tray Mr. Hood (Anerley),pair of silver candle sticks lk mincer M 155 Smith, minr .j i 55 Young. case of nut-crackers R. Gandy, tray cloth ,-!,Tr. and Mils it Garnett, picture 111/15 if. A. Harper, dining room curb and irons 'in. Thom:Liable silver t Mr. and Mrs. F. Clay (Sowerby Bridge), silver after- °on tea spoons and sugar tones Ifr. H. B. Harper, kitchen furnishings Mr. H. Harper, steel, fender and irons

Mr. and Mrs. C. Bsrber (Sh-adwell), Royal Worcester vases Mr. R. H. Thorpe (Harrogate), silver candlesticks Miss Hilda Harper, silver tea-pot Mrs. J. R. Pußan (11arrogate), silver peppers Miss S. Barber and Mr. Tomlinson (Knaresbro'), silver toast rack Mrs. Hardcastle (Harrogate), cheque and table silver Miss Pullan (Harrogate), picture Mr. and Mrs. Edwin Smith (Southampton), silver bread board Mr. and Nits. Herbert Taylor (BIssckpool), eider-down quilt Mr. and Mrs. F. Pallan (Harrogate), tea oosy Mrs. Edgsr Barber (Harrogate), oak plant pedestal Mr. A. D. Day (idarrogate), chiming clock Miss G. Curtis (Harrogate), book, " Wagner's Life and Works" Mrs. Robson and Mr. Carter (Harrogate), °ass of carvers Misses Woods, pair of water colours Mrs Sswdon (Bridlington), old china and salad servers Miss Elsie Baker (iisrrogate), picture Mrs. and Miss Swannell (ilirrogate), picture Misses B. C. and Mr. W. Emerson (Harrogate), cut glass vases Mr. Pickup (Harrogate), china jardiniere Miss Elsie Masters (lisrrogate), carver rests Mrs. C. Wilkinson (Harrogate), china cream jug and sugar basin Mr. F. K. Spencer (Harrogate), engraving Mr. and Airs. J. Knowles (Harrogate), cut glass and silver biscuit box Mr. Charles Walker (Harrogate), easy chair Mrs. Otto Stellar (Longhton), Russian tray and cloths Mr. and Mrs. A. 11. Allan, Western College, Harro- gate, engraving Miss Glass's, silver bonbon dish and serviette ring - Mrs. Griffiths, silver salts Mrs. Hutchinson, plate basket Miss Young and Harold, linen basket Mrs. Lightburn, cut glass scent bottle Miss Joseph, toast rack and butter dish Mrs. Blouse, scent bottle Mr. and Mrs. Ker, fruit dishes Miss Pierpoint. picture Maids at 33, Wilsan-Patten-street, com's, brush and tray, set of jugs, cut glass scent bottle Alderman and Mrs. Bolton, silver butter dish Mr. Hodgkinson, tray cloth Mr. Hugh Eorguson, silver horse shoe Maids at Atherstone, Harrogate, Duchesse toilet sot

Wedding at Penketh. At St. Mary's Church, Great Sankey, on Boxing Day, the marriage waS soremnized of Mr. Wallace Ray, of Great Sankey, and Miss Alice if. Landon, of Warrington. The Rev. J. R. Jones performed the ceremony. The bride who was given away by her brother, Mr. H. Landon, wore a cream serge costume and a sable toque. She was attended by two brides- maids—Miss Harding and Miss Nellie Ray. The best man was Mr. Thomas Ray. The happy couple were the recipients of many handsome presents from friends.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
__Aift.

THE NEW YEAR. How it was Ushered in at Warrington.

The birth of the year 1909 was heralded in Warrington by the ringing of Church bells 9.n d the wierd sounds of works " buzzers." Although the night was raw and the streets slushy, large crowds seemed to find amusement in parading about until midnight and then proceeding to let the new ! year in" after the approved fashion. Watch-night 'services were held at many places of worship and were largely attended. New rear's Day was practically a general holiday and there were big gatherings at the football match and the theatres.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
A Treat to Poor Children.

There was an animated scene in Bewsey-street, yesterday afternoon, the occasion being the New Year's treat to poor children organized by the Wycliffe Women's afternoon class, conducted by Mrs. Armitage. Wycliffe Hall was besieged long before the time announced for the tea—half-past five—by about GOO of the poorest children in the town. Each child on entering the hall was presented with a bag containing bread and butter, currant and seed bread, and a mince pie. Tea was served out to them when all were seated. An excellent entertainment followed. An action song and dance by Miss Alaybury's class was loudly applauded. A magic lantern greatly pleased the children, and was manipulated by Mr. Hill, assisted by Mr. Osborne. Miss Mason's class gave a dialogue, which was much enjoyed. Songs were also given by Messrs. Bennett and Kenyon. Vociferous cheers were given for the subscribers whose kindness had made the treat possible. Oranges were distributed to the children as they departed for home. Mrs. Molyneux and Mrs. Hewitt ably discharged the duties of hon. treasurer and hon. secretary respectively. WATCH-NIGHT SERVICES.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
WYCLIFFE CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH.

The usual watch-night serviee was held at Wycliffe Church on Thursday night. There was a good attend- ance and the Rev. 11. Wall preached. In the course of his brief remarks he impressed upon his hearers the duty of surveying the past year in the spirit of thank- fulness. It was tr time when men looked back and when their thoughts turned to the year through _which they had passed. If they looked carefully they would find that though there might be some degree of bitter- ness and disappointment it was not all labour and tears. There was more of sweetness than bitterness, and more of joy than sorrow. There was that in every life which should call forth the deepest gratitude, if they only realized bow God had been lending and directing them, and if their survey the past year called forth their gratitude they would be able to face the coming year with a larger hope and a greater courage believing that He who had led them thus far would guide them to the end.—The last moments of the Old Year and the first moments of the New Year were spent in silent prayer, after which the congregation joined in singing For- ward be our Watchword.' Mr. Wall then asked for the prayers of those present for one of their members who was passing through the pain of bereavement, and the meeting closed with the Benediction. BOLD-STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH.

There was a good attendance at the watch-night service at Bold-street "God's Guidance" (Deuteronomy viii. 2) was the subject of the Rev. T. Miller's address. The book of Deuteronomy had exercised a profound influence upon the religions development of the Jews, "and its teaching," said Dr. Ityle, " loads more directly than that of any other Old Testament book to the revelation God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Sen." The Law-giver appealed to the memory of the nation ; history was shown to be a revelation of God's purposes. Spiritual impressions lost their lustre through the influence of sin. Memory must he awakened. A good memory was a manifesta- tion of personal character ; forgetfulness suggested ingratitude. It was well to reflect upon God's dealings with us. Richard Jefferies in "Wild Life in a Southern County" described the joys of bird and animal life, using the bleached skull of a hare, which he had picked up in a furrow, as a text. It was with similar feelings they should use the solemn service that. night so suggestive of death, as an opportunity of reviewing life's joys. The uncertainty of life was symbolised in the strange movement of the pillar of fire and the cloud. These natural manifestations were apparently erratic in their changes. Sometimes the cloud rested for a whole night, at other times the march had to be resumed in the dead of night, and the carefully formed encampment was hastily abandoned. A few days, a week, a month or a whole year might be spent in one place so great was the uneertAinity of the Divine direction. In our lives there was a similar incalculable element. Our strength was to have our confidence in Divine wisdom. We were not forgotten. As Silas Marner said "There's dealings wi' us." God's guidance varied in its method. In the Wilderness a fire encircled by clouds was the agent; at Jordan it was simply an ark. There was no monotony in the Divine govern- ment. By these mechods our characters were tested and perfected. Our ignorance and helplessness were brought home to us by our limitations. The result of all the changes in life was a will in harmony with the Divine will.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
BEWSEY-ROAD WESLEYAN CfIIIRCII.

The watch-night service at Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church was conducted by the resident minister, Rev. E. B. Keeling. There was a good congregation, and the service was hearty and enjoyable. The sermon from the texts Genesis xli.,sland Oeuteronomy viii.. 2-5, dealt with the fact that the painful and distressing experiences are forgotten when the real victory of life is won, or when its most inspiring Work is undertaken. St. Paul in his eager search forgot the things behind, and ever pressed forward to the greater things to come. But the guidance and training, the education and chastening of men by their God, are things to be care- fully noted and remembered. "The ways of God to men " are justified when the end is reached. When this is understood, the particular tools that may have been used in the process, cease to be of very much import- ance, and may he safely forgotten. When the new heaven and the new earth come to be, the former things s‘all not be remembered nor come into mind. GOLBORNE-STREET BAPTIST CIIURCII.

A very interesting series of gatherings was held at Golborne-street Baptitt Church on New Year's Eve. A Service of Song entitled "The Coming of the Angels" was given by the choir under the leadership of Mr. Dawson. Mr. Henry Roberts presided over the meeting and gave the connective readings. his rendering, combining both sympathy and skill. Responding to a vote of thanks which was carried with the greatest heartiness he spoke a few words of encouragement to the people at Golborne-street in the great work they were undertaking and wished them the largest measure of success ; adding that if he could help them in any way he would be pleased to do so.—At nine o'clock a hot supper was laid in the school- room, all the preparations and arrangements being carried out by a Committee of men, lines being imposed upon ladies who were discovered in the least act of assistance. Fairly large numbers sat down and the proceedings were evidently enjoyed.—At eleven a watch night service was held, being conducted by the Rev. R. E. Letberen who gave an address on Mark xi. 4. "A place where two ways met." As we think of the

===== 0002601_19090102_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner Saturday, January 2, 1909.

past, he said, we must all confess to a sense of failure; of the present to a sense of frailty ; of the future to a ' sense of fear. For the past we needed th 4 Divine forgiveness and that is the promise of the Gospel. For the present we needed the friendlhip of Christ as a living presence and power, for the future a faith in God that would enable us to meet the year's task and temptations with cheerfulness and courage.

cheerful and inviting appearance. After attending service at Padgate Church or ifartinscroft Roman Catholic Church, the children hid their Christmsa dinner of roast beef, vegetables and plum pudding,with oranges, nuts and sweets for desert. During the after- noon there were many visitors and in the evening a successful concert was given, the children aoquitting themselves in a highly creditable manner which spake volumes for their careful training.

" FATHER CiIRISTM S "AT THE INFIRMARY. " Father Christmas "visited the Infirmary on Boxing ' Day and gladdened the hearts of the patients by pro- sentin-g them with seasonable gifts. The benevolent old gentleman was impersonated by Alderman Smethurst, who was replendent in a rod robe trimmed with fur and also assumed the white beard always associated in the juvenile mind with Santa Claus. It was obvious that he gloried in his task of helping to make the day a mernorible one for the inmates of the institution. Those who have not actually seen the Christmas decorations at the Infirmary eon have little idea of the beautiful effect produced and it is no exaggeration to say that some of the wards, so often the scene of suffering, looked like a veritable fairyland with their artistic embellishments. Saturday's pro- ceedings took place in the large unused ward at the top of the building, in the presence of a large gathering. The most prominent object, which attracted the admiration of the youngsters in particular, was a large Christmas tree, gaily decorated and brilliantly illuminated with electric light. Councillor Dr. G. W.Joseph presided and amongst the visitors were: the Mayor and Mayoress (Alderman and Mrs. Forshaw), Alderman and Mrs. Smethurst, Mr. and Mrs. 3. H. Smethurst, and the Misses Smethurst, the Rev. E. C. E. and Mrs. Carleton, the Rev. 11. V. Pigot, the Rev. W. and Mrs. Bracecamp, Father Whittle, Mrs. and Miss Parr, Mr. Roger C. Parr, Alderman and Miss Burton, Mrs. Willis, Dr. and Hrs. Richmond, Dr. Harold Joseph, Dr. and Mrs. Bowden, Mrs. Edward Fox, Dr. Hodgkin- ' son and Mrs. ktailey, Dr. Russell (senior resident ' surgeon). Mr. George Walker, Mrs. and Miss Hutton, Captain Waring, Mr. If. and Miss Collin, Mr. and Mrs . Hankinson, Mrs. Harold Jolley, Mrs. T. Weston, Mr. C. ' Plinston' Mr. W. Bibby, Mr. and Mrs. E. S. A. Robson, Mr. and Airs. F. Short, Mr. and Mrs. W. Daintith, Mr. J. H. J. Hampson (secretary of the institution), and Mrs. Hampson. The patients were accommodated with chairs, while others who were too ill to sit were brought into the room in their beds. _ _

An orchestra under the direction of 11r. E. Wilkes was in attendance, and played choice selections during the distribution.

The SECRETARY read letters of apology for non- attendance from Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart. (president of the institution), )Jr. W. Peter Ilylands (chairman of the Board of Management), Mrs. Broadbent, Mrs. Henry Greenall, Fir. Edward Wallington, the Rev. C. liarvey Cook, Mr. and Mrs. George Dakin, Mr. and Mrs. Ralph Johnson, and others. The Rev. C. Harvey Cook wrote :—" It is very gracious of the Mayoress to seek to brighten the in-patients of the Infirmary by such a delightful function as a Christmas tree. We all hope that you may have a pleasant time. We wish Mrs. Forshaw and the whole staff of the Infirmary—not forgetting the indefatigable secretary—" A very happy Christmas and a bright New Year.' " The CtIATRIraN in the course of a short address referred to the growth of the institution. He had been connected with it for about 35 years, and during that time many changes had Laken place. When he came to the institution as house surgeon it was principally a dispensary containing six beds—(Hatton's Charity)— and six beds for accident cases. That arrangement existed for some years, and then they removed to the present site and had 23 beds, but all were not occupie;!. In lttJO the accommodation was increased to 40 bed. New they had SO bed,, 50 of which were occupied. The other 30 could not be tp.e.i owing to vant of funds. They had as a matter of f4ct accemmodation for 102 bels,but 22 beds would not be used for some time as the • npper ward had been erected to avoid inconvenience and additional expense at a later date. The usefulness of the institution would be very much enlarged if they could use the whole of the beds, because there were many acute medical cases, as well as surgical, that ought to have the benefit of the institution, and had to be treated at home often under iriery great disadvantages owing to the want of hygiene,&c. During the past few years several cases of anthrax had been treated at the Tnflrmary, and it was a satisfaction to the 'public to know that not a single patient had died. more was a ease in one of the wards at the present moment and that, he was also pleased to be able to report, was doing well. (Applause.) In conclusion Dr. . Joseph spoke in high praise of the Christmas decorations which, he said, reflected great credit upon the Matron, the sisters, and the nurses and all concerned. He advised all present to carefully inspect them and if they did so he was sure they would acknowledge that an effort bad been made to make the abode of pain as pleasant as possible in the circumstances. (Applause.) " Father Christmas " then entered the room and had a corlial reception. The distribution of prizes followed. The Mayoress handed the gifts to " Father Christmas," who in turn passed them on to the recipients, and all seemed delighted with them. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the Mayoress and " Father Christmas " on the proposition of the Rev. 11. V. Ptco'r seconded bylAlderman BewroN. The MavortEss, in reply, said the task of distributing the prizes had been a pleasant one, as it was always a pleasure to her to do what she could for the inmates of the Infirmary. (Applause.) Father Cunt-Ted AS said that whatever the Mayoress took in hand she did well, while what he had had to do had given him great pleasure, as he was deeply interested in the Infirmary. He hoped all inside and outside the institution would do what they could to support such a noble institution. (Applause.) Mr. RocErt C. PARR, in proposing a vote of thanks to the Matron and the nurses for decorating the wards, said they all owed them a deep debt of gratitude, for whatever part of the institution they visited they realized what an immense amount of time it must have Liken to make the place look so beautiful. They must have been working night and thy. They had an excel- lent matron and an excellent staff, and in the vote of thanks he should like to include their exoellent Secre- tary, ITr.Hampson, who had done an immense amount of work for the Infirmary,and had also assisted the Matron and nurses to decorate the tree. (Applause). Mr. RonsaN ascended and this motion was also heartily passed. A similar compliment was accorded to Mr. Wilkes and the orchestra, Mr. El. Bibby, the electrician,and the donors of the presents, on the proposition of Dr. RtrttatoND, seconded by Mr. GEORGE ICA LK ER. The MAYOR then moved a vote of thanks to Mr. James Henry Smethurst for having got up the" Christmas tree and for having obtained the money for the prizes which had been distributed, thus gladdening the hearts of the patients and nurses, who had at times very heart- rending dut:es to perform. Mr. Smethurst, by the kind 'permission of the management of the Hippodrome, addressed each house on Wednesday, tha 23rd December, and wish the aid of Captain Waring and the members of Metsrs. Crosfield's and the local ambulance corps succeeded in collecting the sum of .€6 03. led, on behalf of the Christmss tree funds. (Applause). Mr, GEORGE HOLDEN, one of the patients, seconded, and the motion was carried with musical honours.—Mr. J. 11. Sat ETITURST briefly r,eponded. A vote of thanks was passed to Dr. Joseph for pre- on the motion of the Rev. W. BRACECAMP, seconded by Ma. H. C.:ALIN. Dr. JOSEPH', in reply, said that what ha had seen that afternoon fully illustrated the fact that real end lasting happiness was only to be obtained by giving pleasure to others. (Applause).

===== 0002601_19090102_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AN3 ATHLETICS. Rugby Football.

By " Ovalist."

Congratulations to the Warrington men on their dashing wind-up to the old ye.ar.,- Right through the first half of the season they had been labouring under the handicap of a bad start in league matches, and it is only with their last engagement that they have raised their percentage beyond the half-way line. The substantial victory over Leigh on Christmas Day caused 50 per cent to be reached for the first time, and the succeeding triumph at Widnes took Warring- ton to 53.12. At least they are in the top half of the League table, and with a powerful team available they should make further substantial progress.

"The advance by Warrington was well maintained yesterday, when the Wirepullers inaugurated the New Year with a handsome victory over their neighbours from Runcorn. The Linnets had evidently come determined t) wipe out the defeat at the hands of Warrington at the end of November, but the task proved too much for them. Warrington have seldom had a harder struggle for victory, however, and it was only superior goal-kicking which won them the victory. Runcorn scored first and were always causing the home men anxiety right up to the final tootle of the whistle.

The absence of Brooks made a great difference to the home side's effectiveness. Lloyd played well as substitute, but he has not, of course, got the dash of Brooks and does not get the ball away to the three- quarters as quickly. The latter did not get many chances in consequence, and they were well spotted by the visitors. The men in green played their own kick and rush game to perfection, and the speed of the front rank caused the Warrington defence a lot of anxiety. Tilley was sorely troubled in the first half ,but he stuck to his guns and responded finely in the closing stages. Taylor was the hero of the Warrington team. He played a great game, and not only made the opening for Fish singlehanded, but beat the Runcorn defence beautifully in the second half and scored under the posts. Fish did an immense amount of work, and kicked the three goals which won the game with all the confidence and accuracy of his palmiest days.

This defeat for the Linnets somewhlt spoils their chance of getting into the first four. They were not disgraced however, and gave a display which would have beaten most teams. The tendency to roughness by the Runcorn forwards marrcd their play. Flannagan and Unsworth played a fine game at three- quarter,and the irrepressible J,lly was everywhere, as usual. Padbury's speed was a greater factor in the game,and the Warrington men could take no liberties.

To-day, the Ebbw Vale men are due at Warrington, and should provide the Wirepullers with an easier victory. The fact that they halved the points in the first engagement gives a spice of interest to the match.

Quite a sensation has been caused locally by the transfer of Dan Isherwood, the old kVarrington captain, to Leigh. The latter will soon have half a team of Warrington men,though so far they have not made any captures which are likely to cause grief in the home camp. Most people thought that Isherwood had retired, but there should be some useful service in him yet. And Leigh are hard hit by injuries. Isherwood has done nothing for Warrington since his benefit match, so that his departure can hardly be considered a loss to the playing strength of the club. His only game this season was against Leigh in the opening match, and he did not distinguish himself then. Warrington men will wish the popular threequarter a Happy New Tear with his fresh club mates.

A correspondent who saw England beat Wales on Monday sends me the following: " One does not take these games seriously and none hold this idea, apparently, more strongly than the Northern Union Committee. For the losers Foley played a magnifi- cent game, being here, there and everywhere, and was undoubtedly the best forward on the field. The Welsh half-backs were poor. The three-quarters were con- siderably hampered by the bad passes of the halves, but Jenkins was often doing dangerous things for the opposition, but even his runs lacked their usual Sash. Paddison was a terrible failure. For the winners Gifford was incomparable, with Brooks a good second. Hilton was fair to moderate, knocking on several times. Tyson was not seen to advantage, and Batten was not a tower of strength. He did one or two smart things but certainly did not play up to his reputation. Of the home forwards Mann was the one who filled the picture, always being handy when there was any

scoring going on.

The League table up to date is as follows: For _ Agst._

P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. centage I Wigan l6 15 1 0 63 82 372 21 20 102 9375 Oldham ...1514 1 0 45 64 282 16 17 83 93.331 Halifax ...16 14 2 0 43 64 278 12 19 81 87•501 Wakeft'ldTl6 12 3 1 42 65 279 25 23 119 78121 Batley l7 11 5 1 25 44 182 22 26 122 67.64 Hunslet l6 10 5 1 30 42 186 25 35 155 6562 Runcorn l6 10 5 1 19 42 164 21 20 102 6520 Merthyr Tl 5 9 5 1 23 32 142 33 25 141. 6333 H'ddersfl'ldl9 11 6 2 31 55 227 33 31 159 6315 Salford —.17 10 7 0 41 37 193 28 37 167 5882 Warring'n 17 9 7 1 38 37 137 22 32 140 55.83 Ebbw Valel7 g 7 1 23 45 181 30 34 162 5588 Keighley 16 8 7 1 39 48 222 21 37 153 5312 Leeds l7 98 0 31 52 218 33 34 168 52•941 Dewsbury 16 8 8 0 31 33 161 30 31 153 50001 Hull 19 9 9 1 48 64 288 33 49 213 50•001 Leigh l6 8 8 0 27 31 147 31 30 152 5000 , St.llelens 16 7 8 1 30 41 183 36 45 207 46871 Broughton 16 7 8 1 33 35 171 31 42 188 46871 Swinton —.lB 810 0 27 35 159 28 45 191 4144 Bradford 17 710 0 35 44 202 38 50 226 4117 Hull K.Il 16 6 9 1 44 42 214 40 53 239 40.62 Ilid-Ith'da 12 4 8 0 11 18 76 25 33 149 3333 ! Treherbert 13 4 9 0 14 13 67 14 33 142 30.76 j Barrow ... 14 410 0 18 20 96 30 48 204 28•571 ItoehdalelllG 411 1 13 24 93 31 39 179 2812 ! York l6 312 1 29 32 154 44 63 277 21871 Widnes l4 210 2 15 20 90 25 35 155 2142 Barry l3 2 11 0 7 14 56 39 72 294 1538 Aberdare 13 112 0 16 23 101 45 64 282 769 Bramley l5 114 0 19 18" 92 48 90 363 6'66 ;

It seems rather ancient history to allude to the Leigh match, but Warrington asserted their superiority in such unmistakable fashion that the facts are worth recalling. As in the great game with Oldham Warrington ran up 20 points to nil by half time. This is a feat not erten performed in first-class League football. After the interval Warrington added a further seven points and then relaxed their energies. For the next twenty minutes the Leigh men played tine football and ran up 13 points, but they were clearly no match for the homsters when there was anything like a trial of strength. Brooks played a great game and scored two tries by sheer speed and determina- tion, while O'Niell and Treharne both distinguished themselves with clever work. On the Leigh side Lavery, the " All Black," handled the ball well but lacked speed. Johnson was the best three-quarter,and Smith the star forward. The young Warrington lads, Leah and Attewell, did not shape at all badly though though they were a bit at sea on the defence occasionally.

The surprising defeat at Wilderspool by Widnes in that disastrous first month as amply avenged on Saturday. The Chemicals are an improving lot and were expected to give Warrington a close game, but the class of the visitors told in the long run. The winning score of 13 points to nil was a very good win for a visiting side at Lowerhouse-lane, and the War- rington men are to be congratulated. It was at half and centre where the home lot were most beaten, Jenkins playing brilliantly at the base of the Warring- ton pack and keeping the third line in motion. Fish made a couple of electrifying runs, and O'Neill had the pleasure of scoring his first try for Warrington. On two previous occasions—once on Christmas Day— lie has crossed the rut only to be whistled back. The tall Welshman is now displaying real International form in the loose.

The South-West Lauoashire League up-to-date is as follows : Agst._

For

P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. Pts. Wigan........ 4 1 0 ... 10 19 77 ... 9 7 39 ... 8 St. Helens 6 4 2 0 ... 10 14 62 ... 7 16 62 ... 8 Warringen 8 4 4 0 ... 16 15 77 ... 8 19 73 ... 8 Runcorn 8 3 4 1 ... 10 12 56 ... 10 12 56 ... 7 Leigh Widnes

===== 0002601_19090102_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
For Influenza and Bronchial Cough s,Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. Is. lid., 2s. 9d.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
CHRISTMASTIDE.

HOW THE FESTIVAL WAS

I CELEBRATED AT WV:WIGTON. General expectations of a ran Christmas were belied at the eleventh hour. A cold south east i wind on Christmas Eve was suceeedad by a sharp • frost aad when Chrism-as Day dawned the conditions were as seasonable as could be desired. The air was exhilaratirig and a welcome spell of sunshine during tha morning and early afternoon added to the pleasure of being out of doors. Services of an appropriately ! festal character were held at numerous places of worship in the morning, and the Anglican and Roman Catholic Churches had been brightly decorated for the occasion with flowers and evergreens. At the various public institutions every effort was put forth to make the day a happy one. In gaily decirated rooms seasonable fare was served and even the poorest of the population were able to eater into the spirit of the joyous anniversary to some degree. Christmas Day is, of course, the great home festival and the family reunions round the home fireside never lose their charm. Everywhere there were evidences of festivity and fie true Christmas spirit found full expression in kindly consideration for the needs of those in the poorer walks of life. For football enthusiasts the great attraction was the match at Wilderspool between Warrington and Leigh and a large crowd witnessed the encounter. : Boxing Day was cold but bright and the foJtball matches at Warrington and Widnes were well attended. In the evening there were large audiences at the theatres, where capital holiday programmes were submitted, and the Musical Society's concert in the Parr Hall provided a musical treat which was liighly appreciated by a fairly numerous gathering. Sunday witnessed the first fall of snow this winter. By ton o'clock flakes were descending and soon the ground was covered with a beautiful mantle of white, thus putting what everyone thought was the finishing touch to the "old-fashioned" Christmastide, so often pictured in the imagination but, in these modern days, very rarely experienced. But there was more to come. During Monday night and early on Tuesday morning a blizzard almost unprecedented in its fury swept over the country and Warrington bad its full share of the visitation. The wind travelled at a tremendous velocity and the fine powdery snow which fell for hours was blown into • huge drifts. Many people had to cut their way through ! banks of snow before they could leave their houses. The tram service was suspended and residents at Stockton Heath, Sankey Bridges, Winwick-road, and • Padgate lane had perforce to walk to town in a bhindin snew storm. Shortly after one o'clock it ever, thanks to the exertions of the officials MP'the Tramways Department, the service was resumed as usual except that only one line was used to Stockton Heath and that the speed was somewhat slower than usual on all the routes. The storm was a blessing in disguise to the unemployed, for it was the means of providing work for about 200 of them in clearing away the snow. Railway traffic was disorganized to some extent, many trains from a distance arriving much behind the scheduled time. AT TfIE POST OFFICE._ •

I As in previous years the work of the Post 0:11ce during the Christmas season was very heavy, there being approximately an increase of 30 per cent. in letters, and j 12 per cent. in parcels. Owing to Christmas Day falling on Friday, the pressure was spread over the first four days of the week, Wednesday and Thursday beinr, very busy days. The resources of the Post Office were taxed to their utmost in successfully dealing with the vast volume of work. Heavy posting of Christmas missives (those not included in the "Advance Posting ") commenced very early on Wednesday morning /3rd December and continued up to the last oollectionl at night. Although two clsys iu advance of Christmas Day this heavy posting seemed to indicate that a large section of the public were complying with the request of the Department to post early, which is a sign that the public may eventually bring themselves into line with the Advance Posting Scheme. Notwithstanding that the postings of Wednesday were so heavy as to many times exceed those of a normal day, due in a measure to the fact that the various firms in town were apparently "clearing up" their correspond- ence, the postings of Thursday were far in , excess of those of Wednesday. From as early aa 8 a.m. until the last Collection on Thursday the 24th, missives of all kinds continued to pour in without cessation or appreciable diminution, and required all the eftorts of the ordinary staff supplemented by numerous outside helpers, who had been specially tmined for the purpose for some time before,to sueoessfully cope with the pres- sure,and it is satisfactory to know that the vast mass of correspondence was all cleared away by the night mails. As already mentioned in the " Examiner " the town letter boxes and sub-office letter boxes were closed at 6 p.m., and the head office box at .0.30 p.m. on Thursday, for out-going mails, but although freely advertised both in this manner and by other methods, several thousand missives were posted too late for night mail and could not, therefore, go forward until the next, day. As in previous years the system of " Advance Posting " was resorted to, the Post Office undertaking to receive letters for delivery on Christmas Day from the 14th to the 21st inclusive, but again an adequate response was not made by the public, as the number so posted was only 24,436 and when it is realized that approximately upwards of 2,500,000 missives were dealt with during the brief period of the pressure, and that a normal average day's posting is 25,000 it will be seen that the result was very dis- appointing as regards the advance posting. Although the now head office is considerably larger than the ol one, there was not, and never is, at any post office,roonf' to deal with all the Christmas work,missives and parcels in one building, and it was necessary therefore to requisition the old office for the pareel work. There is a tendency on the part of the public to make up parcels very loosely and in flimsy covers, so that not a little time was spent "in doctoring"—that is securely repacking them up, before they could be despatched to their destinations. The outdoor portion of the work was greatly facilitated by the use of motor cars for the collection of letters from town boxes, these cars proving of great value where speed is required. Horse vehicles for the heavier work of collecting and delivering parcels were in use as usual, while mail carts and motor vehicles plied between distant Sob-offices, and as far even as Liverpool, Manchester, Wigan and Chester for heavy traffic, tkat is to say parcels work. Judging by the enormous amount of work dealt with at the Post Office; the popularity of Christmas greetings has not by any means commenced to wane, but, on the contrary, it continues lo increase in the ratio given. DETAILS OF THE FESTIVITIES.

At the Workhouse the usual dinner of roast beef, vegetables and plum pudding was provided in the large dining hall which had been elaborately decorated. The Lla7or and Mayoress (Alderman and Mrs. Forshaw) visited the institution and were Recorded a hearty welcome. In the course of a short address the Mayor wished the inmates the compliments of the season and assured them that he would do his best during his term of office to find employment for those who needed it. He hoped that when they began to build the new bridge it would find employment for a great number of people. If the inmates were poor they could be good, and as long as they were good they might be sure that others who were in a better position would endeavour to make them happy. In the evening a Christmas tree for the children and a smoking concert for the adults enabled all to spend a happy time and the Christmas festivities of 1933 will long be recalled with pleasure. At the Drill Hall there was the usual distribution of hot-pot, bread and mince pies kindly provided by the , Mayor and Mayoress. Tickets had been distributed to 200 families and altogether over 1,100 persons were sup- plied with a substantial meal. The food was cooked by Mr. and Mrs. Fowls, of the Town Hall. Amongst those who assisted in the work of distribution were :—The Mayor and Mayoress (Alderman and Mrs. Forshaw) and the Misses Forshaw,the ex-Mayor (Alderman Smethurst), Mrs. Smethurst, Mr. J. H. and the Misses Smethurst, Mrs. Bracecamp, Councillor Ashcroft, Mrs. Clay, Miss ; G.Henshal I, MISS Itoberts,Miss Randall, Miss Crampton, Mr. A. T. Hallaway (deputy town clerk), Mr. T.Longdin (borough surveyor), Mr. and Mrs. T. H. Spinks, Mr. .1. Houghton, Mr. H. Houghton Mr. Dilworth, Mr. J. Haley, Mrs. George Watkine, Arr. Cox (N.S.P.C.C.), Mr. Firth (Police Court Missionary), Mr. J. Fargher (inquiry officer, Labour Bureau.) The children of the Blue Coat School attended service at Holy Trinity Church in the morning and on returning sat down to the ustial Christmas dinner of roast pork, vegetables and plum pudding, with oranges and apples for dessert. In the afternoon they were visited by relatives and friends and games were indulged in. At 5.30 a special tea was provided and afterwards there were more games and amusements until nine o'clock. The school had been Most tastefully decorated by the children and each boy and girl received a suit- able gift from "Santa Claus."' At the Infirmary in Kendrick-street everything possible was done for the comfort and pleasure of the patients. The wards had been prettily decorated under the supervision of the matron (Miss C. Hammond) and the effect was very pleasing. An excellent dinner of roast beef and plum pudding as supplied, Mr. J. H. Smethurst officiating as carver in the men's ward, and Dr. McCune in the female ward. In the evening the wards were illuminated, and the relatives and friends of the inmates ‘vere allowed to visit them.

"Tommy Atkins" always enters into the Christmas festivities with great zest,and those whose lot it was to spend the day in Orford Barracks celebrated the festival right royally. The rooms were brightly bedecked with holly, mistletoe and streamers of coloured paper, and mottoes bearing seasonable greetings were lavishly displayed. The usual dinner of turkeys, geese, ham, beef, plum pudding, fruit, &0., was provided and the day's proceedings concluded with a dance. At Padgate Cottage Homes the decorations, which were mainly earned out by the children, were on an artistic scale and the iostitution presented a very

===== 0002601_19090102_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH.

Muse Dravr.—The members of the Penketh Liberal Club held a whist drive in the infants' sch)ol on Wednesday night commencing at eight o'clock. The room had been tastefully decorated. The proceedings, including an interval for refroshments,lastedtill midnight Mr. Richard Routledge, president of the club presented the prizes to the winners who were : Ladies first prize, Mrs. E. Dumbill, 204 ; booby, I,liss M. Molyneux, 137 ; gentlemen, first, Mr. James Woodward, 250; booby, Mr. Harry Bowyer, 122. The president proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Herbert Davies and Mr. W. Dwerryhouse for the way they had worked for the success of the whist drive.—Mr. James Woodward seconded, and the vote was carried heartily.—Daring the evening Miss B. Davies gave a song and Mr. W. Dwerryhouse a sketch, which were well received. NEW YEAR'S EVE SOCIAL—The annual New Year's Eve social was held in the Wesleyan guuday School, on Thursday evening, and proved very enjoyable to a large. company. Mr. C. E. Parker, J.P., presided, and after a timely address from him, an attractive musical programme was submitted. Mrs. Parker and the Misses Molly and Ruth Parker contributed pianoforte duets ; songs were given by Miss Diggory, Miss C. Atherton, Miss Balshaw and Mr. Brown ; Mr. C. Furness recited. At 10.45 most of those present went t,o the watch-night service in the chapel conducted by Mr. I. J. Guest, 8.A., J.P. The arrangements for the social were well carried out by a committee consisting of the Men's Bible Class and the Sunday school teachers.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
A Warrington Centenarian.

Miss Mary Barton, who resides with her piece Mn. Buiton, at 244, Ilanchester-road, celebrated her one hundredth birthday on Saturday and was the recipient of many hearty congratulations on the happy event. Miss Burton was born in Kendal and at the age of nineteen went to America and, lived there for eight years.o n returning to England she lived an active life at several places in turn, and in October, 1893, when she was 87 years of age, she came to Warrington. Considering her weight of years, Miss Burton keeps wonderfully well, but latterly her eyesight has been failing and she is now unable to read. She is a very cultured lady and a most interesting c,onversationalist.

Take Woods' Great Peppermint Cure, for Coughs and Colds; it never fails. Is. lid., 2s. 9d.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

GRAVE CHARGE AT WIDNES.

At Widnes on Thursday, Airs. Emma Swinalls (-19), residing in Oxford-street, Widnes, was brought up on remand charged with administering certain noxious drugs to Mrs. Elizabeth Houghton, who was the wife of a painter, residing in Edward-street, and who died, it is alleged, after taking a dose on the 17th inst. A remand was granted until next Thursday. CHRISTMAS AT RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

Seasonable weather favoured the Christmas festival. At Runcorn services were held at the churches and chapels, which were well atOnded. The Spiritualist Church in Ashbridge-street provide breakfast for several hundred poor children. The Perseverance Lodge of the Order of Buffalos had organised a treat to the newsboys of the town, but the response to their appeal was so generous that 500 poor children and 100 adults were given a substantial dinner of beef and vegetables, plum pudding, 6:c. Each child was ale 3 given an orange nuts an toffee. Packets of tea were distributed to the women. The affair was held in the Co-operative Hall, and the chainnau of the Urban Council, Mr. Thomas Dean, J.P., took part in the proceedings. There were also other agencies at work for brightening the season for the poor. Through the relieving °dicer, Mr. Thomas ' Cook, Mr. Samuel faylor, J.P., distributed a cwt. of coal to each person in receipt of outdoor relief, and Mr. Thomas Wright, vice-chairman of the Rural District Council, did likewise for the poor of Halton, while Mrs. I Boston,of The Grange, gave them Ib. of tea each. Mrs. Posnett, of The Mount, gave lb. of tea each to the poor of Weston Point. The day was spent at Widnes in a very quiet way Despite the fact that the town for a 16ng time has been passing through a state of unprecedented depression in the staple industry, it has been a pleasing fact to note that for the last few weeks there has been a welcome buzzing in the works, which has guaranteed for many a taste of the joys at Christmastide. The Christmas Day attractions were a foJtball match, Past Players v. Widnes A, which drew a large gate, the pro- ceeds of which are to go to the Queen's Nurses' Fund ; and the annual Ten-mile Christmas Handicap of Far.n- worth Harriers. Many left the town to spend Christ- mas with their friends, and, as usual, there was a big influx of Widuesians returning hom3.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
LAMP TRAGEDY AT RUNCORN. SORDID STORY.

An extraordinary story was revealed at an inquest, held by Mr. T. Ridgway, coroner, at Runcorn on Tues- day evening. The victim was Annie Grindley, aged twenty-six years, single, living with her parents in Surrey-street. She died in the Cottage Hospital on Sunday night from burns caused by a paraffiu lamp explosion three weeks ago. Elizabeth Grindley, the mother, deposed that her daughter had been keeping company three years with a young man named William Whitlow. The girl never said a word against her sweetheart, but said that she was in trouble, and that he was " going to have her." Witness understood that he was going to marry her. Witness told her daughter that something would have to `.,e done, as she was keeping one child, five years old, by another man. On Saturday night, the 12th inst., Annie went into Whitlow's house, which was next door. She was sober, but more jolly than usual, as see was going to make the children a kissing bush. Once before she tried to commit suicide when she was led astray. After her daughter had entered Whitlow's house witness heard a row, and went to fetch her home. Ant,i. said, " No, I'll have my revenge for what they have raid to me." Witness understood her to mean that Whitlow had said he would not marry her. The girl picked up the lamp, and witness said " Oh, Annie, don't ! Come home." The next thing witness saw was her daughter iu flames. She did not see the lamp thrown. They all helped to put out the fire. Witness said that her daughter was a sober girl, but bad once been in court for being drunk and disorderly. Witness was reluctant to answer some questions, and the coroner told her she was trying to hide something. William Whitlow, chemical labourer, said that he had kept company with Annie Grindley for three years. When she entered his parents' house on December 12th she and he had a few words. The girl said, " Will you marry me ? " and he replied, " No, I shan't," and then the accident occurred. lie had said that many a time to her. They had bad many a quarrel in friendship. The Coroner : Funny to quarrel in Friendship. What did she do ?—She picked up the lamp to her shoulder. She threw the lamp, and the stand hit me on the top of the left ear, fled the lamp went back on her and exploded, and a drop of oil came on me. She got the " wick part." A drop splashed on my head and set my hair on fire. I did not get seriously hurt. Grindley's mother put her jacket over me and put out the fire. I went to the tap and put water over my head. The Coroner : As soon as she caught fire you ran away ?—Yes, there were three more in the house. [lad you been drinking that afternoon ?—I had been drinking a drop, not much. Was she sober ?—I don't know. I didn't see her more than five minutes. She was in a fit of tamper. I know that somebody must have been" narking " her before she came into the house.

The Coroner : I suppose you think it is a clever thing to keep company with a girl and then get her into trouble ?—No.

Are you ashamed of it ?—T might have married her later on.

Sarah Whitlow, mother of the last witness, said that her son and the girl were talking so quietly that she took no notice until she thought the lamp had gone out, and she was going to get a light when she saw the girl on fire. Annie Vra`i not quite sober. The Groner : It is an extraordinary thing that Grindley's mother could hear the row next door, while you sat there quietly, not hearing any row.—lt was an argument between themselves. Peter IVhitlow, the father, gave evidence of a similar character to last witness, and Dr. Brunton described the severe nature of the burns sustained by the girl. She was in great agoey, and said " It is all through Mrs. Whitlow." Ile thought she meant that Mrs. Whitlow was against the marriage. Ho thought the lamp had exploded. 'The Coroner said that the evidence was most unsatis- factory. Ile believed that the witnesses had arranged what to say, and were not telling the whole truth. It appeared certain that th,se two had quarelled, and that the young woman took up the lamp and an explosion oecured. The behaviour of several of the witnesses was most callous and reprehensible. • The jury returned a verdict of " Accidental death," and asked the coroner to censure the witnesses, which he did.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

NEW ClanWEI AT HAYDOCI.

Lord Newton on Saturday afternoon laid the founda- tion-stone of the new church of St. Mark at Ilaydock. It is to cost £4,500 of which £3,800 has been raised, and there witl be sitting accommodation for 350 people. The Bishop of Liverpool was present. EARLESTOWN IN DARKNESS. EXPLOSION AT THE GASWORKS.

For three hours on Thursday morning, ass result of a destructive fire at the Nowton-iu-Makerfleld Council gasworks, Earlestown and Newton were plunged in darkness and unable to get gas. It appears that about six o'clock an iron tap connected 'with, the governor through which the gas pssses, and which had become frozen, suddenly burst, and as the water wi.s allowed to run unchecked the gas escaped and became ignited by contract with some gas-jets in the vicinity. In a few minutes the governor house was in flames, and before the fire could ibe got under the whole building was gutted,whilst a jet photometor was utterly demolished. It was nine o'clock before a fresh connection could be made cud the supply of gas to the town continued as usual.—The accident was fur-reaching in its conse- quences, for the inability to get gas either for lighting or motive-power forced several of the local works to remain idle for a time. A terrific and disastrous explosion was narrowly averted.

THE NEWTON DIVISION.

CONSERVATIVE SEARCII FOR A CANDIDATE

Lord Newton on Saturday night opened a Conserva- tive workingmen's club at Blackbrook, near St. Helens, and in addressing the members afterwards, he referred to the selection of a Conservative candidate for the division. He looked upon this as no light task. One or two names had already been submitted to them, but however urgent might be the need for a candidate he would impress upon them that it was perhaps wiser not to be in too great a hurry. He did not think they ought to jump at the first man who offered to stand as their candidate. He certainly thought it would not matter very much who stood next time because he felt absolutely certain that almost anybody could turn out their present representative.— (Laughter and applause.) Judged by the success which attended the Government candidates at the present time the chances of their present member being re-elected were as far off as anything that human ingenuity could conceive. As a matter of fact it was not as easy to obtain a suitable representative for a county division as some people supposed. Some people had the idea that being a member of Parliament or the Parliamentary candidate for a county division repre- sented the summit of earthly happiness. To represent a constituency in Parliament was no doubt an honour- able thing, but it made a very considerable demand upon a man's power and time, and constituencies were very much more exacting than they were in the far-off days when he (Lord Newton) first offered himself as a Parliamentary candidate for that division. It would be no use to palm off an incapable man ou the constituency. Regarding the position of Liberalism in the country, Lord Newton said everybody knew that when the next. election came there would be a tremendous reaction against the one-sided system of Free Trade, and there would be great pressure brought to introduce tariff reform at the earliest possible opportunity. He thought it extremely unwise to delude people by telling them that when tariff reform came into force distress and unemployment would at once vanish. He was rather disposed to question whether depression and unemploy- ment were, in reality, more %cute now than they were

some years ago, or whether it was not that the public !conscience WAS more awakened to these evils. We had no doubt reached a state in which we ' found it impossible to tolerate a system under which large numbers were unable to find decent means of subsistence.—(Elear, hear.) This really showed an advance in public morality, and he thought it was a very welcome sign that greater attention was paid to questions of this kind, and that serious faorts were being made to combat the terrible evils which unfortunately still prevailed. They knew what the Government proposals for the unemployed were. For his part he was not prepared to find any serious fault with them, but according to the Govern- ment's own confession these so-called remedies were not remedies at all, but only pilliativesrand would only have a temporary effect. If they were going to grapple with unemployment and its attendant evils they must begin by making a radical alteration in the country's fiscal policy. It might be said by some persons that a simple course would be to tax peraons like himself and bleed them quite dry—(laughter)—but it would make no appreciable difference throughout the country.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

FOUND WITH A FOWL. Patrick Kennedy, a labourer, of 93, Tainworth-street, was remanded at St. Helens on Tuesday on a charge of fowl-stealing. Police-constable O'Donnell was in Chancery-lane during the height of the snowstorm, about half-past two in the morning, when he saw Kennedy sheltering in a pxskage. They had a conversa- tion, but the officer noticed the fowl under the man's jacket and locken him up.—At the police court, Mr. 'l'. lialublett was the only magistrate that could be found, and Kennedy was brought before His Worship, and r4manded until to-day.

.A GILDED FARTHINQ. Thomas Mullen, a young collier, of Eldon-street, wa charged at St. Helens, on Monday, with stealing 103 from Joseph Herrick, the landlord of the Liverpool Inn Thomas Appleton, the barman, said that on Saturday afternoon Mullen had a drink with a companion in the public-house and tendered a coin, ahich the barman thought was a half-sovereign, lie gave Mallen 9s. 9d. change. The men stayers in the house nearly three hours. Mullen accused the barman of having gives him short change, stating that it was a sovereigu that he had given. Appleton said he thought it was half a sovereign, but he had put it on the sideboard, and he would look at it, lie then found that it was a Laded farthing. ila'deu was fined 40a. or twenty-eight days. THE BLIZZARD. The snowstorn completely paralysed the St. Helens tramway service on Tuesday, and made it very difficult for people to get aboat the district. The fall had been several inches thick, but tha greatest difficulty was the drifts. The high wind had driven the snow into huge banks, which blocked the roads at different points, arid the residents of houses whose doors at all faced the wind woke to find that the snow had been driven inside the houses' where it lay several feet thick. The surveyor's department was early astir, and all the nnemployed who preeented themselves were given work at assisting to load the snow into carts, by means of which the main streets were cleared as quickly as possible. Altogether, about 150 Corporation workmen and unemployed were put on this work, but a great many more unemployed would have been taken on if they had presented themselves. The tramway officials ' found it impossible to deal with all their sections to Prescot, Itainhill, St. Helens Junction, Haydock, Denton' Green, Parr and %%India City, and the whole morning waft spent in salting and endeavouring to clear kfew of the lines. Sr. HELENS POULTRY SHOW. The first annual open show of the St. Helens, Proscot, and District Poultry, Pigeon, and Fur Association was held on Saturday, at the Y.XI.C.A. Gymnasium. There was an excellent entry of close on 350, the judging being in the hands of Mews. P. Proud (Birkdale), %V. M`Nelly and E. 11. Cooper. The show was opened by Mr. S. Robinson, the president, who congratulated the • chairman, Mr. Burdekin, on the capital entry, and said that shows like that no doubt attracted the notice of outsiders and proves to them that there was something more pleasing in the town than ugly works and waste heaps. Awards : POULTRY. Leghorns.—Cock : A. Widd, Earlestown ; S. Hali well ; R. Mercer, Halewood. Lieu : G. Penniogtou Roby ; J. Ashton ; FL Mercer, Halewood. Minorces.—Cock : Mrs. Taylor (1 end 3) ; R. Hodg- son, Culcheth. lien : Airs. Tyler, 13olton (1 and 3) It. Omerod, Ashton-under-Lyae. Orpingtons.—Cock : J. H , . Ileyes .T. • Burrill • Hill s ; and Trickett. Hen : S. Lamb; IV. Taylor; J. C. Lowe. Plymouth Rocks.—Cock : Reeves and Sons, Brynn ; J. H. Thornton, Garstang ; Hill and Trickett, Rochdale. lien : J. 11. Thornton, Gurstang ; Hill and Trickett, Rochdale ; G. Jackson, Carnforth. Wyandottes.—Cock : G. Gray, Standish Mrs. G. Jackson, Silverdale ; W. Egerton. lien : Mrs. G. Jack- son; J. Burrill, Littleborough ; H. Spenceley, Leeds. Old English Game.—Cock or lien ; Heyes ; A. Robinson, Orruskirk ; J. F. Hall, Ashton. Modern Game.—Cock or lieu : J. Little ; W. Fair- hurst ; 'l'. Gasket!. Any Other Variety.—Cock or lien : J. E. Howarth, J. li. lleyes, A. Robinson.

1

Selling-Css.---Cock or Hen : J. J. -_,tiggerson, A. Store', Freshfleld ; E. Howarth. Bantams.—Garne Cock or lien: J. 11. Heys, B. Broolifield, A. V. Holt. Any othor Variety Cock or Lien : W. Grayer, A. S. Anthony, A. Storey.

DUCKS. Duck or Drake, White.—A. 6. Anthony, James Long- son and sons, E. Lawrenson. PIG EONS. Long-faced Tnmber.—Cock or lien: D. Blackwood, A. S. A nthonv. I'. Shaw. Any Other Variety Fancy Pigeons.—J. Lewis, 11. S. Anthony, Morris.

Racin-d Homers : Cock : J. Williams, J. Gerrard, R. Dickinson. Hen : I. Smith (1. and 2), J. Howarth, Padiham. Cock, bred 1903 : J. Howarth, I. Smith (2 and 3). Hen, bred 190 S : J. Collier, I. Smith. RABBITS. Belgium Ilare.—Back or Doe : J. Walker (1 and 2) ; W. Firth.

linglish.—Any Colour Buck or Doe: 11. linifton ; J. Hawkins • Meadows and Xfothersdale." .- that:h.—Ally Colour Buck or Due : J. Bireltall ; A. llathbone ; W. Carter.

Any other Variety —Buck or Doe :Hill and Triokett Coupe Bros. ; Cr. Shelleross.

CATS. Long Haired.--11rs. M. Bode], Latchford (1 and special) ; T. liawlinson (2 and S.) Short Haired.-11. Knifton ; Miss Ortnesher.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
NICE DISHES.

CWELEE OMELET.—Potatoes boiled, one pound; cheese, half a pound; one egg; butter, one ounce; mustard, pepper, and salt to taste. Mix those ingredients thoroughly, using a little milk to assist the combination; then place the mix- ture in a buttered dish, and bake until a light brown. It should be noted that cheese, although in itself fuln flavoured, requires the assistance of considerable seasoning when used with other substances in cookery. SCALLOPED TOMATOES.—Ta.ke five large toma- toes, perfectly ripe; -scald and peel them. Cover the bottom of a deep dish thickly with ,butber. Then put in a layer of tomatoes, seasoned slightly with a little salt and cayenne and pow- dered mace or nutmeg. Cover them with se layer of breadcrumbs and butter, then another layer of tomatoes, and proceed thus till the dish is full, finishing with breaderumbs, and laying a few pieces of butter on the top. Some prefer the addition of a little raw sugar. HONEY CASES OR COOKIBI3.—Two cupfuls of koney, one cupful of butter, four eggs, one Cup- itil of butter-milk, one good quart of flour, and one level teaspoonful of carbonate of soda. If too thin, shake in more flour. tse thick howl' and the same cup for measuring the various in- gredients. Be sure to mix the honey, butter, and eggs well together. It can be made richer if desired by using cream instead of butter-milk. Bake in a slow oven, as it burns easily. To make small cakes, use a little more flour, so that they will roll out well without sticking to the board. Add flour as desired. This reoipo else makes a rood gingerbread.

Suspicious Characters at Warrington. At Warrington Police Court, on Tuesday morning, James Towey was prosecuted under the Prevention of Crimes Act, having been convicted twice in seven years, with being found in the dwelling-houses of 58 and 21, Allen-street, for an unlawful purpose. —The Chief Constable said that about half-past six on the night of December 18 prisoner was found in one of the houses and handed over to Police-constable Berry. He had a very bad record, having been previously convicted for housebreaking and burglary. A. few weeks ago prisoner came to the Police Station and saw him (the Chief Constable) and the result of his visit was that a situation was found for him at a local. works. However, he soon gave up the place and returned to "the old game. "There was not one redeeming feature in his character.—The magistrates , sent prisoner to gaol for six months.—Michael Moran, a stranger, was sent to gaol for a month for being found on the enclosed premises of William k'urnival, smallware dealer, Bewsey-road, on December 19 About eleven o'clock on the night in question prisoner was found lying on some straw in the stable pretend- ing to be asleep. Three panes of glass had bees broken in order to gain an entrance into the stable.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0084.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• „ -

===== 0002601_19090102_art0085.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
gab,, ',..,-;

. 1

===== 0002601_19090102_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
. , _ '2a.' aar'eassjaa , p,4 ---,v - -..- (----‘ --.-- _. • , ~., .• _ ) t .A.,.., CHRISTMAS STOCKINGS. .ow cold I is," said Dolly, as she put , foot to the floor and drew it back tuickly into her nice warm bed.. "Trot, . awake yet 2 " His real name was Leslie, we always called him Trot because his clear .c legs and dimpled feet were hardly still a moment all the day through. He was such a I busy wee man. " Iss," said a very drowsy .y. k voice from the other bed, " l'se awake," and a M. "ruffled yellow head (something like a, young arton, duckling) popped up from the pillow. " Come• ook, M. along, then; it's Christmas, to-day, and I wants agsworth, to see Lwhat Santa Claus has putted in our Jack Wells, stockings. Oh, Trot, I do hope he hasn't ..,y, Annie and forgotten, but he never does forget, and the Saunby, Lizzie, snow never keeps him away." So the two little A.,izzie Saunby. ones crept out of their warm, white beds and arith love, pattered softly over the floor with their bare UNCLE NED. feet to the place where the - stockings hung. ...I Both Trot's stocking and Dolly's, which was just a little larger, were crammed quite full. ,ne since I wrote to you, "Oh, Dolly, do give me mine, quick, he said, Aten you. lam only nine laughing for joy, "just see how full they is. Am not able to make many Dolly got on a chair and took them down. ending you a warm scarf, a pair They had just one peep inside each stocking, pair of mittens, these are the first and then they scrambled back into bed with and mittens I have made. I -hope them. There was not very much light, but still Jr little children will have a happy they could manage to see all their gifts pretty a and a bright New Year. well. Trot's stocking was unpacked first, and Your loving little Niece, what do you think he found? Well, there was DORIS KNIGIIT. a box of beautiful tin soldiers, a box of pink -4._...._ and white frosted bon-bons, with a picture of a THE SPARROWS' CHRISTMAS TREE. little shepherdess on the lid, a little wax angel One. Christmas morning Bessie looked out of with gold wings, a top, a small, •white, woolly the window, and saw a great many little lamb that squeaked when you squeezed it, and sparrows hopping about!) in the snow. They right in the toe was a bright half-crown. In were trying to find something to eat, and they Dolly's stocking they found heaps of pretty j lgoiorlkeadndhusnhgeryi:lnt vdce sorryry for was akoionr bdliirtdtls t e things such as little girls like, and in that, too, ere was a new half-crown. "What's you She would have asked them into her warm thinking about, Trot?" she asked, for lie was home if they would only have come, but they sitting silent, with his knees drawn up under his ----- were afraid. Very soon she thought of a plan chin, and his proud blue eyes wide open. "I • AKETS. to help the sparrows. What do you suppose it was just finkin', Dolly, I'd give my haif-crown was? to those poor children muzzer told us about, It was a strange plan to help them. She what hasn't got no stockings to hang up for Ans asked her mother if she could not make a Santa Claus to put sings in." And so will I Christmas tree for the little birds. "HoW will give my half-crown, too, Trot, dear," said _TUNG DAY you do it?" asked her mother. "Oh, I will Dolly. And I don't think really you could find 44TH 1909." take the little Christmas tree you gave me two happier little children than Trot and Dolly ..ICKS-FRIDAY NOON Amount Prices last night, and put it outside the window, and anywhere that Christmas morning. .PANY. Paid up. this day hallo little baskets of bread on it for the W. PADLEY. 2UNDS. bird's." . ______ 100 _Bl Her mother helped her to fasten the little THE ARMOURED TRAIN. • 100 ...92 tree just outside the window. Then Bessie "It will be Christmas Day on Wednesday," es 100 ...820 put her presents for the sparrows on it. At said Douglas, thrusting his hands deep into his mans Stock first the birds did not think the tree could really pockets, "I wonder what I shall get. Last tlet Red 1910 110000 ......91800 be for them. But by-and-by two or three year I had a watch, and I had a desk on my ,f England Stock .. lOO -.265 100 ...98 sparrows came to it. They looked at it for birthday, and I have such heaps of books, I A Stock a while, and then flew off and told the rest of can't think of anything. What you say, BANKS. _sank of Liverpool 121 ...38a the birds. Soon there was quite a flock of Nurse?" Lancashire and Yorkshire lO ...35a sparrows in Bessie's tree, They chirped their " I don't know," said the nurse, looking up London and County 20 ...94 thanks to Bessie over and over, and wished from her work, "I think that any little boy London and Westminster 2O ...53t her a "Merry Christmas" more times than she ought to be happy to have so many things as Manchester and County 17 -53 could count. It took the birds nearly all day you have got." - Manchester and Liverpool Districtl2 ...484 to look after their' presents, and Bessie was "But I'm tired of most of them," said the Parrs 2O -871 happier than they. She was happy because spoilt, only child of the house. "There's no . any Union of London 151 ...35 ,ponse. Union of Manchester ll ...261 she had made the birds happy. Her mother good in things when you don't care about them. ~ ,nthropic Williams Deacons 8 ...251 said: " Bessie, you see that the way to be I've been thinking and thinking, and I can't at law of BREWERIES. happy yourself is to do kind acts, and so make up my mind what I really want. It's ' Baas, Ratcliffeand G retton 5% Cum. make others happy." E. SA.UNBY. very stupid." aake a fool of Pref. 10 -.101 xd ....4iMP " Yes ," said the nurse, for, like everyone else aotel piazza and Bell and Co. Ord lO -81 xd TWO PROVERBS, in the great house, she humoured the boy, who afternoon." She: Bents Brewery Ord, Boddington's Ord lO -51 So the children said; large property in Kent, and this house in Park gas astonished at the Chester's Ord lO ...8 xd To the kitchen off they went, Lane. Douglas was kicking a footstool half .d to-night. You know Groves & Whitnall 5% Cum. Pref 10 -.51 ad Aed salad.' Mr. Greene: Guinness (A.) Son & Co, Ord. lOO ...355 By the baby led. absently, as if he could get some help out of that. .now that there was another _ Parker's Btualem Ord. lO ...Bf, "May we help you, mother dear, "At fast," he said, "I was glad we were Springwell Ord. lO 51 Make the cakes and pies ? " going to stay in London for Christmas, because yours." _ . Taylor's Eagle Brewery Ord. lO -21 "If you want to," mother said, of the pantomime and all the parties, but if we ' , man is in love everything about Walker (P.) & Son 5% Cum Pref 10 ...8i ad Somewhat in surprise, had gone to Heathfield we could have had Am." Brett: "Yes; it's the same COLONIAL RAILWAYS. sskating$skating and snowballing. I wish I'd got a I Airs head against a lamp-post." "Many hands make easy work," Canadian Pacific lOO ...182 brother, its so stupid being the only one." acid pneumonia, so had been for sonie Grand Trunk of Canada . Sang those girls and boys; 100 ...21"Yes, sir," said nurse. 4ospital, where they had treated him so Do. Guaranteed 100 ...90 But cook soon got hot and cross- "Can't you say anything but 'Yes, sir? ' " J was much averse to the prospect of being Do. Ist Pref. lOO -102 They make so much noise, asked the boy, angrily, "That's stupider than _d as "cured." One day the doctor was Do. 2nd Prof. lOO _9ll Then they got in mother's way- anything." But at this moment a servant his temperature, and while Tommy had the Do. 3rd Pref lOO -491 Upset this and that- appeared with a request that Master Douglas -, Aometer in his mouth the doctor moved on, and HOME RAILWAYS. Trod upon each other's toes, would go down to the drawing-room. apened to turn his back. Tommy saw his chance. Ordinary Stooks and Shares. Or upon the cat's. " Hurrah!" cried the boy, "There, I'm .4.e pulled the thermometer out of his mouth and Qaladonian 100 ...841 "Oh, dear I" soon their mother cried, all right-bother my hair," and in a minute he popped it into a cup of tea, replacing it at the first Glasgow & SaW Pref. Ord 100 ...59 sign of the medico turning. When that worthy Great Central Deferred 100 ...12 "Run away and play; .. was bounding down the staircase, as handsome 4, examined the thermometer he looked first at Tommy, Great Central Preferred lOO ...22 If you hinder, I shall be and healthy a boy as could be found in any -'nts then back to the thermometer, and gasped, "Well, Great Eastern lOO ...65 Cooking all the day; hStne in England. Alai)Gt. Northern Def. Convd. Ord. lOO ...45 Though the very best to help, "Aunt Erne," he said, as he entered the room, my man, you're not dead, but you ought to be !" , ald not Great Western lOO ...124 Each one kindly tries; and her arms were round him in a warm embrace. MRS. MALAPROP : "And then, after all, when I got y section Lancashire and Yorkshire 100 -.90 Think of this-' Too many cooks, "I came to give my boy his Christmas to the &invention hall the man at the door said, .e religion. London, Brighton & South Coast lOO ...107 'Sorry, madam, but you can't get into the ball, with- Spoil the best made pies I ' " present," she said, "but when I began to think, Anent work London Chatham and Dover lOO -.11 their numbers cut a ticket.'" Mrs. Gabbil : "Gracious, what did Lonion and North-Western lOO ...133 F. KIVELL. I hardly knew what to choose, for you have so ito the teaching you do then ?" Mrs. Malaprop: "I didn't know what London and South-Western lOO ...136 -4.-- many things, Douglas." assait-days.Cowper- to do. I was completely no plus." Metropolitan lOO _57 • DR. TEMPLE'S OLD ACQUAINTANCES. "Yes," said the boy, "that's the worst of it." -e teaching of the HIGGINS : " I'vecome to you-for advice. What ought Midland Def. Convd. Ord. lOO -50 Dr. Temple, the former Principal of Rugby, She smiled a trifle sadly. "Dear, she said. _as-and if the people a man of may capabilities and opportunities to do in Do. Pref. Convd. Ord. 100...624 was often greeted by unknown young men, "one day you will find out how many people ,c there would be less order to achieve the greatest success in life ?" Gurney: North British lOO ..31 who professed to be old friends, and who after- there are in the world to whom Christmas only They were much obliged "I wish you bad come to me with that question about North Eastern Consols lOO ...128 wards turned out to be old Rugby boys. The means a little more cold and hunger. Try to g down for that gathering, North Staffordshire lOO ...t34 five years ago. I could have told you all about it then. Bishop got into the way of pretending to re- think of them sometimes." But Douglas' dark how fully occupied his time South Eastern lOO -64 I was just out of college." member the identity Lot all. One day, at eyes had lost their interest, so She went on- sing sixteen hours a day to INDUSTRIALS, &C. Finsa TRAVELLER : "flow do you manage to make Bill for others was certainly Oxford, a handsome youth greeted him with a "I've brought you a sovereign, and you call get , were glad the Government bad such nice acquaintances in strange cities ?" Second Beyer, Peacock & Co. 51% Cum. fervent shake of the hand. "Eh ? " said the what you like with it. There are plenty of Pref. 1 -.1719 ,that measure. It was disappoints Traveller: "In New York I follow the crowd and it curt Bishop, "You quite well ? " "Yes," re- things in the shops just now." Bleachers Asso. 5.4 Corn. Pref. 1 ...21/- A worked so long and earnestly not to takes me into all the respectable places. In Chicago Boy. Ord. (7% Cora.) 1 -207- plied the young man, with graciousness. "All "Oh, thank you awfully, Aunt Effie." if their labours, hut they had not been I keep out of the crowd. Bradford Dyers Ord 1 -19/3 well at home ? ' said the Bishop. The young "Well, I must not stop. Give my love to ,ninted.' They hoped Mr. erostield would BARRER : "You don't come very often." Customer: Bradford Dyers 5% Cum. Pref. 1 -.20/0 ad man stared, but replied, courteously, "All father and mother. I've spent the afternoon in , his good work. Great issues were at stake "It takes too mulch time." Barber: "I cut hair in British Insulated and Helsby well, thank you." "Father well ? " said the other homes, Douglas, where Christmas presents • ,tely they would come to fruition, (Applause.) ten minutes." Customer: "Yes, but it takes three cables Ord 5 -.6a Bishop. "My father, sir, is dead," said the do not come, and it made me think of-" Ae was carried with enthusiasm. weeks for it to grow enough to look respectable British Insulated and Helsby ROSIPIELD, in responding, said that Mr. Dale in • young man, with a little sternness. "Ah 1" " What ?" said the child, as she paused. . again." Cables 6% Cum. Pref 5 ...GI ,neracteristic and altogether admirable address said the utterly undisturbed Bishop, "How's "That, perhaps, the real joy of Christmas is ,ck the true note in referring to the pleasure they FIRST New Yonernt (who lives in New Jersey): Brtmner Mond and Co. Ltd. Ord. -42 your, mother ? " "Sir," replied the handsome not what we get for ourselves but what we give "You leave your oflice at the same time I do. How Brunner Mond and Co. Ltd. 7% ad in gatherihgs like that because all present, whether in the audience or on the platform, felt so thoroughly does it happen that you get home an hour ahead of Prof. lO ...161 young man, with gravity, "Her Majesty the to the Christ Child." And then she kissed him Bueton Lime Firms 10 -.61 Queen is in excellent health." He was Prince and went away, while he ran up to tell nurse of at home. (Applause.) Although his wife was quite a me?" s Second New Yorker (who lives in New -' Calico Printers Ordinary 1 _6/6 Leopold, Duke of Albany. LILIAN COA.TES. his present. ~ A. COULING. ad new comer, she too felt at home already. (Applause.) Jersey): " I take an express train to Trenton and a Csistner Kellner Alkali 1 ...31/G -4.-- They would both have tbe err atest pleasure in accepting way train back." Coats (I and P.) Ordinary 1 ...81 First Debutante: "My cheeks are all on fire." Parent: "Who is the laziest boy in your .re : _ the genial and friendly invitation extended to them by OLP Dam): Your husband used to be so t• oils!' Crosfleld (J.) & Sous, 5% Cum. -its,'.{r.Mr. Dale, and so far as he (Mr. Crosfleld) was concerned and profane, and now lie's so gentle, and refined and Pre. Prof. 10 -.9: Second Debutante: " I thought there was a class, Johnny?" „le and W. Ihe would have a very special satisfaction in coming courtly, I hardly knew him." Mrs. Minks: "yes, Crosflelds, 41% Ist Mortgage smell of burning paint." Johnny: " I dunno." ,retary, Mr. I next time, because he would know that it would not be I've noticed the change. I'll bet a cookie he's got a Irred. Deb. lOO ...92 .-.4--. " I should think you would know. When all, The report his duty to inflict any long-winded harangue upon them, typewriter girl in his (Alice." Crosfleld, 41% 'A ' Deben lOO -.94 "That man deserves credit for his bravery," the others are industriously writing or studying J Mrs. Crostield (Laughter.) lie was delighted to think that the CASHIER: "I can't honor that check, madam. English Sewing Cotton, Ord 1 ...27/G said the grocer, as some recent local event was their lessons, who is he that sits idly in his seat. ,t) enable them to eagerness of his wife to win her laurels in that room Evans (Richd.) & Co. Ltd., A lO -.81 x I Your husband's account is overdrawn." Woman: being discussed; "but I wish ;to goodness he instead of working himself?" sr. end Mrs. A. H. which had been so long end so pleasantly familiar tod do. o. B 8 • -.61 xd many of his family, would relieve bins of Huh! Overdrawn, is it? I suspected something was do. do. wouldn't come to my shop to get it!" "The teacher.' Fletcher Russell & Co., Ltd., Ordl ...20/- all responsibility, so that on the next occasion ho wrong when he signed this check without waiting for ------4- . SPEECIT. Fletcher Russell and Co. Ltd., --a- would he able to come there just to enjoy the same me to get the hysterics." 6% Corn. Pref lO ...10.1 An excellent old gentleman had a very strong In the Art Gallery.-Lad of Ten: "I say, pa .6IOU'S LIBERTY. delightful music to which they had been treated that GENTLEMAN: .." My wife has lost her waterproof, 4% Dohs. Red. - 100 -931 desire to make a balloon ascent. what is the meaning of these numbers at" the ~who was warmly applauded night and for which they were all grateful to the and she wished me to stop in here and order another Hunters the Teamen Ord. - xd meeting, said he wished in' the artistes. Therefore he sincerely hoped it would not be sent up at once, as it looks like rain." Dealer: "Yes, Lever Broilers, 5% Cum. Pref. 10 -111 xd " What 1 " said one of his friend, "at your bottom of every picture? Look at this one- ,.e both the Mission and Sunday very long, in spite of their eneagements up in London, sir. What sort, sir I" Gentleman : Um-I've for- Lipton Ordinary - age ? " 'Shakespeare, 153.'" the very admirable report which before they could again profit by the kindness and gotten the name bat it's one of those that make a Mond Nickel Co. Ltd., Ord. 1 ...2f "Certainly, my friend," he replied. "It is Perplexed Father (who has never been in a They were only sorry that Mr. hospitality of the mission workers and come down there woman look better dressed in wet weather thou the do. do '7€i Cum. Pref. 5 ...6 i solely for the purpose of accustoming myself to gallery before): "Oh, ah-I expect that is his ell. enough ta read it himself, but to exchange mutual good wishes for the success of the : .Monks Hall & Co.. Ltd. 5% Cum quit this earth.", telephonviumber." ae had such an ealcient substitute in work that Mr. Dale had so graphically fled adequately is in dry weather." _ . , , . Prof. . 5 ...3a xd ,d Mr. Tilling. "I do not mean to say described. They all wished the work well and they 1-Vrxes :"1 see Minks calls his wife dear in Nantyglo & Blaine 8% Prof. 621 _73/ sae- ___......w---- - ----- a....---,..._.----- . - - y ancient," added Mr. Crostlefd, "I should were delighted that it was prospering under the able public." Jinks: " Yes,.she's .r. t terror." . -.- .-a -. . .... ~., _ ~: . ~- . ... .. hurt his feelings by any suggestion of that guidance of those who were responsible for it. Miss McSuomee: " rhese,new pillows are stuffed Pearson & Knowles, Ord 5 -.51 1 _ a do. do. 6% Cum. Prof. 5 ...6 so ighter.) Thanks to the kindness of my old (Applause.) full they're as hard as a rock, and I can't sleep. i FLAVOURED WITI-1 RINI FRUIT JUICES . Public Betroth Boot 6% Cum. Pref.s ...4a tr. Nathan Hough-(applause)-ind I hope he . We had nice, soft pillows when we were poor." Mrs. Richmond Gas Stove & Meter Ord. ...32/- ' . • srgive me referring to him in that way, because I McShoddie : Aln course. We couldn't afford so as. CHILDREN ( • ; CHIVERS' s mean to suggest that he is at all ancient either- Raged School and Mlsslon. many feathers then." Richmstnd Gas Stove & Meter 6% Curia Pref. .. .. 4 ...5a xd .tighter)-I never look at him without feeling at The Christmas treat to the children attending. the ARCHITECT : "About what size house would you Salt Union Ordinary ...14/6 SLEEP WELL , ......_ ......, .etst ten years younger-(renewed laughter)-I had the above school and other *ere poor children was given like?" Gottrich : "It need not be iarge. We have United Alkali Ordinary - ' when they are healthy and their t opportunity of reading through this report carefully on Saturday when over 550 were provided with a I few friends." Architect: "Alt, but you will have • do. do. 7% Coin. Prof. ...... lO -11 ai that afternoon as swot as I got .down from London, substantial tea consisting of bread and butter, currant do. do. Deb. a... 100 ...108 xd food is doing its proper work. THE LANCET :-" An excellent Jelly, possessing:a aid and we must, all feel very thankful, ' and and seed bread and cakes. A short concert followed,boy): posen yourfather gave P TEACHER (to lenly of friends when your ne%v house is done." Vulcan Foundry 1 ...33/6 THE BEST FOOD IS ,ovro proud too, that the good work at Bank Qaay goes on asflavour of quite a natural character." presided over by Mr. J. Johnson, and at the close each mother Mkt one day and then 10dol. the next day, Wigan Coal & Iron Co., Ltd.... .....71 ...7 •.. hymn well as ever it, did, and even better. (Applause.) The ation it flames which have been submitted speak for themselves child was given an orange and a banana. The corn- 1 what would she have?" Boy: "I reckon she would mittee desire to do. do. do. do. do. lb ...10 N 9 improved, 'and show a steady and a healthy progress which in itself tender their thanks to those who helped have a fit." Warrington Land & Property Co., i,' ,ta:•0 .re Ltd. Ord. - cd GOLD MEDAL JELLIES. . • on. In the is eloquent testiumny to the unselfish, constant, and to provide time treat ; also to Captain Waring for a " Yes, lady," said Weary Walker. "I got. a in- do. do. do oen a marked splendid work that has been done by the teachers hero bunch of bananas, to Mrs. Pidduck for 108 , to i curable ailment." "How do you know it's incur- • ' 4 due to their and hy all who are responsible for the conduct and R.A.O B." Golden Fleece" Lodge (No. 131), la la to , able? Are you taking anything for it?" asked the B Shares Warrington and District Billpost- which for more than 8o years has THR FAMILY DOCTOR EAYS :-" We have nothing Dale and Mr. management of the Bank gins, alission mid school. lire. Ctoefield, for 3 narcel of clothes and bos kind lady " Why, lady, de on'y way I kin hope ter ing & Advt. Co., Ltd. l7/6 ...20/- c.d. sct and kindness, (Applaise.) May I say that I have particular pleasure and to .... helped to preserve and build up the but unqualified praise, for they are Absolutely , under their care. in coming amongst old friends here this evening. I - MINES. with kleptermanver. ' mrs. ilaslain for a parcel of clothes! cure it is. ter keep from takin' eings. I'm troubled -The soap kitchen acne opened for four days this w .-,, . British South Africa (Char) 1 ...166 young life of the Country. When i Pure and free from adulteration." nberehip of 180, was in used to come as a bachelor-(laughter)-but now you "STRONG drink, said the temperance orator, " a ill ,nd during the year had see I have mended my ways -(applause)-and to tell week and the committee have again given over 60Cons. Goldfield of S.A. 1 ...97/- prepared according to the direc- for the benefit of the ; rat the truth lam not at all rive that it would not gallons of soup and 200 lbs of bread daily to hundreds East Rand Proprietary 1 ...4/ 1 tions given, it is easily digested and CHIVERS & SONS, Ltd ,1 ...8/- • 9 ,ions. The President of the: hive been very much wiser if I had left my wife to of hungry people They thank all those who have taketoori, the coatid th ef rroendi - yourfaced s mantoni a withe . '' time'F rpoanwr pawn et Ta back,e ticket. Hendersong - assimilated by the most delicate ao was preseot at their annual make a little speech to you-(initghter and applause)- helped and'ask for further support to enable them to FRIEND: "What do you find the most important Johnnnesburg Consolidated 1.. 26/- a great, interest in tho class. though perhaps you wnuld rather she played you a tune cal ry the work on next week. They have received for Kaffirs Consolidated 1 ...19/- Infant and forms HISTON, .tAMBRIDO E. .own, in September last, their ion the piano. ( Applaule). I don't mind telling you quite this wee .- r. Jarman 58., Mr. Davies is. a, Mr. tl • k• M thing at the beginning of a literary career ?" Author: . Ocennas 1 -101- A COMPLETE DIET. FIRST ENGLISH FRUIT GROWERS' JAM in getting np a service of song 'as a secret-(larighterl-that on the way down in the Miss JONES: "It seems to me that all the nicest Rand al i nes 5/- ...7i In 1/- & 2/6 Tins; also 4d. Packets. .oe," which was so much appreciated train we were discussing what is called the suspension of Wooldridge 25., Mrs. Wooldridge ls., per Miss Cart- Money to buy poalage stamps." men are married." Mrs. Brown: " Well, dear, they Randfonteins 1 ...3G/3 FACTORY. • , repeated in their own mission chapel i the eleven o'c'ock rule at the house of Commons,which wright's book 4s. 9d., and Mr. F. J. Owen's bookl -.23/6 ay at several other places of worship in: means that instead of getting home like a good 7s. 6d-,_ also meat from Messrs Burrows, Fletcbers 1 ...3a - INIIIIIi , caught early and tamed." weren't always so nice, yeti know; they've only been Tanganyika ,rs. Moore proved herself a good choir- , Christian at a decent hour-about half-past eleven at Limited, Mynekyme, Walsh, Cross, J. BOWMEN,Transvaal Estates 1 ...12/3 ' DR. BAKER'S BACKACHE PELLETS YE' .cris also the much-respected leader of the ' night-you go on burning the midnight oil until twelve, Neleons Limited, Everall, Dig) t Wainwright Green- wood, Par Zinc Corporation Are anew remedy, which have a marvellous effect in curing .4TY . was im"„ibie to tahnlato the good results ' one, two ani even so late as thrPe o'clock in the visit ''lltiortatiti the city, eictyr,ied,,ioMorks.atG, tohsalitde,renre, whopiansnryaaa:obeni na, , TELEGRAPH AND TELEPHONE Backache, Lumbago, Gout, Rheumatism. Sciatica, and all Pickles Bowera !Mobs- Sutitcii,Green, played without hands." ' Wall, I reckon that s one as such as that, for its influence must be a great morning-and I have been pleasantly occupied that y re,Walsh - ' , Go ' oTst 111 ill dee ten; nr it, si.la, proudats a : .he F ates, ashford, Booth, and ; vegtables from Anglo American Telegraph Ord ...100 ...59 diseases oldie' Kidneys, &c. If you suffer, take one pellet ag to the mothers and therefore to the homes of way for the last two or three weeks of the Session. Nat. Telephone Pref. Ord. 6% lOO -.1091 three times a day, and watch the results. After a few doses mil, Meisrs. Knox, Sampson, Locket, Ikin, Welsby, Straw,slD' hotroseelxeshsibiptihaniengyuspe," superior you will have forgotten that you ever knew the terrible pain aistrint. The men's class, at the invitation of their No eight hours day, you will observe, ourselves- Bell, Green, and Simpson. do. Def. Ord. lOO ...1171 .esident, Captain Crosneld, journeyed to Great (laughter)-though we have managed to carry one for do. let Pref. 6% lO -.101 of Backache, &c. Dr Audworth for their annual picnic and speet a very some other people. (Applause.) My wife said she - " Bridget, you must stay until I get another girl." Bridget: 'That was my inten- do. 2nd Pref. Minimum Write at once enclosing x 2 stamps formic box or 33 stamo for i boxes to .. eo' enjoyable tinoe. The class met at 2.15 every Sunday thought I was !coking Dist a little the worme for wear 6% lO ...10a DR. BAKER'S MEDICINE CO.. ad end there were helpful discussions on various subjects. after all these late hours, and that therefore it would WILL OP THE LATE SIR CHRISTOPHER GAMBLE. shun, anyway. I vvant her to know the koind ov a Probate of .the will of the last Sir Christopher woman ye arc. - Nat. relephone 31% Deb. Stock lOO ...97 ad 63, NELSON SQUARE, SOUTHWARE, LONDON The young women's class which was also doing useful be as well if elle made a speech instead of me this - SHIP CANAL. work bad already bald a concert this season and had evening. (Laughter rind applause.) I can assure you Gamble, of Windlehurst, St. Helens, has been granted distribnted the Proceeds to various parts of the institu- that the very next time we have the pleasure this week. The total estate has been valued at Man Ship Canal Ord. lO -16/3 tion. The thirtv-sevenfh Sundly school anniversary of coming amongst our friends at Bank Quay £276,760, of which £245,684 is personalty.-Sir do, do. do. Perpl. 5% Pref 10 -.251- services were held in May and were attended with I shall Cake my wife at her word." (Laughter.) Christopher leaves a-legacy and an annuity of £I,OOO to The above list and prices have been complied by - success. For the past two rears they had found their Continuing Mr. Crosfleld said he could not help recall- A Lady Gamble, and the remainder of the estate is Messrs. T. and J. L. Tunstall and Co., Stock and Share divived equally between his four sons.-Estate duty to i Brokers, Bewsey Chambers, Warriugton, and will be little chapel too small for the afternoon and evening inf,7, as several of the devoted workers of the Mission, anniversary services and by the kind permission of like Mr. Rough and Mr. Ashley must have done, the the amount of £21,249 has been paid. : found reliable. -

THE JO-TO OINTCREAM —"1 he Jo-To Ointcreani is a new ointment specially prepared to keep the skin in the pink of perfection in all weathers, and should be found invaluable to all with tender skin and especially Theatricals. It also frees the skin from all itching,&c., and for Chapped Hands, Sores,etc. We doubt if its equal can be bought for the money.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0087.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19090102_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE.

DEGENIBER.

FROA V% ARRINGTON

Acton budge-1 14, 740, 8 10, 10 20 a.m. 12 1 1 15. 2 55, a 3 35, 5:2, 5 52, 725 p.m. Sundays, 10 15 a.m. a Nedcesiays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L. and N.-W.)-522, 5 30, 7 11,8 35, 9 58, all 55, a.m. 1 51, 442 a 6 28, 7 20, 8 37, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 6 0 p.m. Blackpool (L and N.-W. Talbot-road)-5 22, 5 30, 7 11,3 35,9.58,11 42,11 55 a.m. 1 51,4 42,6 28,7 20, 8 37, 9 8, p.m. Sundays 8 43, a.m. 3 33, 6 0 p.m. Chester-7 34, 8 17, 8 58, 95, 1028, 11 30 a.m 12 30, 1 40, 20, 3 19, 4 22, 4 45, 5 30, 6 4, 7 57, 85, 10 18, 11 18, El 57, p.m. Sundays- -42, a.m. 745, 11 37 p.m. Collins Green 7 11, 8 5, 8 23, 9 19, 10 15,10 55a.m. 12 25, 2 45, 3 45, 515, 637,78, 740, 930, 10 35 p.m. Sundays 843 a.m. 6 0 p.m. Daresbury-7 31, 9 sa.m. 12 30,2 0,3 19,4 45,5 30, 6 4,3 5, 10 18 p.m. Sundays 842 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Dunham Hill-7 34, 9 5 a.m. 12 30, 20, 3 19, 4 45, 64, 8 5 p.m. Sundays 842 a.m. 745 p.m. Barlestown-5 30, 7 11, 8 5, 8 23, 8 35, 9 19, i 0 15, 10 55, 11 55 a.m. 12 25, 1 15, 2 45, 3 45 40, 515, 637, 78, 740 9 30, 10 30, 10 35, all 30 p.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 7 55, 8 35, 8 43 a.m. 510 60,757, 10 8 p.m. Fiddlels' Ferry-7 27, 8 23, 9 45, il 53 a.m. 1 55, 3 20, 3 47, 515,620,80, 10 4 p.m. Sundays 9 5 a.m. 2 40,8 0 p.m. Frodsham-7 34, 9 5, 10 28 a.m. 12 30, 20, 3 19, 422, 4 45, 530, 64, 7 57, 85, 10 18, 11 18 P.m. Sundays, 842 aan. 745 p.m. Golborne-5 30,7 11, 835, 1055, 11 55 a.m. 1 15, 40, 5 15, 720, 10 30 p.m. Sundays 842 a.m. 6 0 p.m. Helsby-7 31, 95, 11 30 a.m. 12 30, 20, 3 19, 4 45, 5 30, 64, 8 5,10 18 p.m. Sundays 842 a.m. 7.45 p.m. Irlam and Cadishead-6 55,7 45,8 10,9 3,98,10 35a.m. 1 36,458,710,8 22, 9 15, 10 4, all5O p.m. Sundays 9 22, 10 18, 11 18 a.m. 3 15, 5 0, 7 18,9 30 p.m. a Satutdays only. Latchford-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 90, 9 55, 10 53 a.m. 12 33, 1 11, 226, 335,49, 515, 6 10, 7 25. *B3O, 930 p.m. Sundays 30, 846 a.m. 35, 810 P.m. a Arpley Station on Saturdays only. Liverpool (0.L.C.)-a4 40, 531, 7 5, 751, 8 5, 8 50, 95, 9 50, 10 35, 1050, 11 50 am. 12 0, 12 50, 18, 61 13, 1 50, 2 17. 2 50, 3 25, 3 50, 4 3, 4 15, 40, 50, 5 50, 52, 6 50, 75, 7 50,8 0, 8 50,9 3, 9 45, 105, 1040, blO 42, bit 15,11 39,11 52 pm. a Mondays excepted, b Saturdays only, c Saturdays excepted, Sundays 4 40. 5 37, 90, 9 55, 11 20 a.m. 2 20, 239,446,622, 710' 829, 9 18, 10 20, 10 43 p.m. Liverpool (L. N.W.)-a4 51, b 5 26, 711,72, .8 23, 919, 109, 10 55, 11 53 a.m. 1225, 155, ,1 45, 320, 345, 3 47, 515, 620,78, 740, 80, 30, 10 4, 10 35, all 30 p.m. a Mondays excepted. b Mondays only. cSaturdays only.Sundays,4 51,5 20, 35, 9 5 a.m. 2 40, 3 23, 5 19, 60,b 0, 10 8 p.m. Lyrnm-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 90, 9 55, 10 53 a-132. 12 33, 1 11, 2 26, 3 35, 49, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25, 4,830, 9 30, 11 40 p.m. a Saturdays only from IVPley. Sundays 6 30,8 46 a.m. 3 5, 8 10,b11 40 p.m. b atoros when required. Manchester (L. and N.-Wl-2 45, a 4 45, b 4 56, 5 30, b 7 11, 85, 8 23, 8 35, 9 19, 10 40, 10 55 a.m. 12 17.1 15, 2 41,2 45, 331,4 0,4 23,5 15,553,6 33,7 20, 8 6,139 23, 10 30, n Mondays only, b Saturdays only. Sundays, 2 45, 4 56, 7 55 a.m. 5 15,6 0, 7 57, 9 3 p.m. 5 53, 6 33,7 20, 8 6, 9 22, 940, 10 30 p.m. aMondays only. b Mondays excepted. Manchester (C.L.C.)- 6 55, 7 57, 8 10, 8 55, P. 9 55, 10 55, 11 22, 11 53 a.m. 12 55, 1.55, tk3 55, 4 55,4 58, 5 55, 6 559 7 10, 755 8 22, 9 15, 9 55, blO 4, bll 25, 11 50 p.m. b Saturdays only. Sundays 9 22, 10 18, 11 13 aml• 30, 3 15, 457, 50, 718, 8 53, 9 15, 9 36, 10 5 p.m. Moore-7 40 8 10, 10 20, a.m. 12 10, 1 15, 2 55, s 3 35, 5 52, 7 25, p.m. Sundays 10 15, a.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-2 45,b4 45,5 30,7 11,8 5,8 35, 9 19, 10 15, 10 40. 10 55, 11 55, a.m. 12 17, 12 25, 1 15, 1 54, 2 45,3 31, 4 0, 4 26, 4 50, 5 15, 6 33, 7 20, 9 23, 10 30, all 30 p.m. Sundays 2 45, 7 55, 9 43, am. 3 35, 5 15, 6 7 ,10 8, p.m. a Saturdays only. b Mondays only. Padgate-6 55, 7 4'5, 8 10, 8 40, 10 35, 11 22 a.m. 12 19, 1 41, 355, 4 58, 5 33, 65, 7 10, 8 22, 9 15, 10 10, 11 50 p.m. Sundays, 845, 10 18 a.m. 5 0, 9 30 p.m. Runcorn-7 27, 8 23,9 45, 10 9, 11 53 a.m. 1 55, 320,347,515, 6 20;8 0, 10 4 p ra. Sankey-7 5, 85,95,100, 11 10 a.m. 12 0, bl 0 al 13, 2 21, 35, 4 20, 5 30, 6 26, 75, 80, 910 MO 5,a10 42, 11 39 p.m. Sundays,9 0,11 20 a.m. 2 39, 97, p.m. 918 p.m. a Saturdays only b Saturday excepted. Southport 8.35' a 9.39, 11.4, a.m. 1.17, 3.28, 4 20, 50, b 6. 20, 626, 80, 9.10, 10.40, P2_ln. Sunday; 9.32, am. 2.6,9.7, p.m. aMondays, Wednesdays, and Saturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Thelwall-6 15, 7 17, 7 55, 8 30, 9 0, 9 55, 10 53, magnio, 9 3 12 11 33, 1 , 2 26, 3 35, 49, 5 15, 6 10, 7 25, 0 13. m. Sundays 6 30,8 46 a.m.3 5,8 10 p.m. a Saturuaya only ArPleY Station.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WARRINGTON FROM

Acton Bridge-6 31,7 40,8 54,919,10 57 a m. 12 31, a 3 0,3 55, 4 38,7 20,8 20,Sundays 7 59 a m. 4 42 p.m. a Wednesdays and Saturdays only. Blackpool (L St N.-W.)-7 50, 8 22, 9 55, 10 20, 11 10, 12 45 a.m. al 30, 3 3, 5 5 6 48, 8 30,9 40, 10 5, p.ra. Sundays 7 10 a.m. "1 15, 4 52, 8 50, P.m. a Saturdays only. 131ackpool (L. & N.-NV. Talbot Road)-7 8, 8 30, 8 47, 11 25 a.m. 1 37, 3 23, 5 20, 7 0, 8 45, 10 0, 1030 p.m. Sundays 730 a.m. 1 37, 58, 7 30 pan. Chester-2 15, 4 20, 7 20, 8 45,9 38, 10 12, 10 40, 11 45 a.m. 2 2 25, 30, 3 50, 45, 5 20, 5 23, 6 30, 7•35, 8 10, 850 p.m. Sundays 2 15, 4 20,6 40,7 15 a.m. 6 55, p.m. Collins Green-6 30, 79, 845, 10 24, 11 23 a.m. la 45, 2 0, 3 5, 3 56, 5 38, 642,737,96, 10 43, alO 53 P•in• Sundays 810 a.m. 7 15 p.m. a Saturdays Only, Daresbury-8 9, 10 15,11 21 a.m.2 44,4 44,9 6, 7 10, 848 p.m. Sundays 733 a.m. 717 p.m. Dunham 11111- 734 9 50,10 52 a.m. 2.17,4 17, 5 35, 6 42, 823 p.m. Sundays 655 a.m. 7 9 p.m. Earlestown-7 2,7 13, 8 45, 8 50. 9 15, 9 45, 10 28, 19.36, 11 26 a.m. 12 38, 1 14, 2 13, 327, 4 51, 554, 655, 745, 88, 9 10, 939, 10 47, 10 56, 114 0 a.m. a Saturdays only. Sundays 8 32, 9 53, S 57, 10 3 a.m. 3 45, 7 23, 10 16 p.m. Fiddlers' Ferry -7 9, 8 54, 9 42, 10 45 aml. 12 3, al2 59, 2 11, 3 27, 54, 6 2,6 58, 919 p.m. Sundays 822 a.m. 2 57,8 2 p.m. a Satuidays only. Frodsham-7 49, 9 0, 9 58, 11 4, ft.lll. 2 26, 4 9,4 26, 48.6 56, 8 33' -D m Sundays 7 12, 7 29 a.m. 7 Golborne-6 44,8 26, 10 17,a.m. 12 17, 2 41, 4 30, 5„3", 7 15, 926, 10 37 a.m. Sundays 940 a.m. 0 . Helsby-741, 8 56, 9 51, 1058, a.m. 210, 44,422 5 42, G 47, 8 23 p.m. Sunday 7 3,7 25 a.m. 7 18 p.m. Irlam and Cadishead-6 16, 6 48, 7 32, 7 49,8 53, 8 53, 10 24 a.m. 7, 2 15, 4 54, 7 4,8 56, 11 20, p.m. Sundays 8 30,9 18, 10 50 a.m. 1 20, 2 22, 6 55, 8 50, 10 0 p.m. 9 Latchford-7 55, 840 9 22, 10 0;11 11 a.m. 1 20, 111_45, 2 13, 30, 3 38, 4' 23, b 5 39, 6 9, 6 49, 7 43, ° 01, 011 41 p.m. a Saturdays only. b Saturdays excepted.. o Arpley. Sundays 823 a.m. 2 33, 7 23 p.m. Liverpool (C.L.C.)-5 10, 6 30, 7 30, 7 48, 8 12, 8 30, 8 36. 9 15. 9 30, 9 33, 9 45, 10 30, 110, 11 45 a.m. 12 30, 12 55, 13, 1 30, 1 45, 2 30, 2 35, 2 43, 4 0, 4 30, 4 33, 4 43, 5 30, 5 36, 6 30, 8 30, 836, 840, 930, blO5O, 110, 11 35 p.m. a Mondays and Saturdays only. b Saturdays only. Sundays 7 50, 8 45, 10 40, a.m. 230,3 15,3 50, 4 30, 6 15,6 30, 8 30, 9 35, p.m. Liverpool (L. 3; N.-W.)-a 2 35,5 50, 6 10, 7 0, 8 5, 8 35, 9 5,9 30, 9 55, 11 0 a.m. 122, 120,245,30, 3 35,4 15,4 20,4 50,5 10,6 10, 6 55, 8 25, 8 35,9 o,blo 5 10 45, b 11_15 n,m. a Mondays only. b Saturdays only. SundifYs 35,9 20a.m.2 10,6 30,7 15,10 45 p.m. Lymm-7 48,832. 914, 9 52,-11 3 a.m. 1 11, a 137 25, 2 50, 3 30, 4 15, b 3 31, 61, 641, 731, 9 45 11 33 p.m' a Saturdaysonly. b Saturdaysexcepted Sundays 8 15 a.m. 2 23,7 15 p.m. Manchester(Central)-5 55,6 30,7 30,733,8 20,a9 5, 930, 933, 10 30, 10 35, if ..m. 12 30, 12 50, 130,230,330, 3 53, 4 30,4 35, 530, 6 0. 6 30, 645, 7 30, 8 30, 8 33, 9 95, 10 20, alO 55' 11 0 p.m, a Saturdays only Sundays 8 30, 9 0, 9 30, 10 30 a.m. 1 40, 20,25, 6 0, G 35, 8 30,9 4 0 p.m Islanchester (London 11oad.)-5 50, 6 45, 7 40, 8 5. 8 30,9 5, 9 45, 10 45. 11 10 a.m. 12 33, 1 5,2 40,3 40, 5,4 20, 5 15, 60,7 13,0 10, 9 30, 10 35, 11 25 p.m., Sundays 7 so, 920 a.m. 60, 10 35 p.m* ,Tore-S 53, 96,11 9 a.m. 12 43, a 3 12,4 8, 4 50, p'l3l. „,Sundays 818 a.m. 458 p.m., a Wbdnes- ,etYa and oaturdays only. Newton-le-Willows-6 55, 7 19, 8 40, 9 7, 9 29, 10 13,10 29.11 8 a.m. 1235, al 5, a 1 28,3 7, 4 6,4 31, 4 15, 5 33, 550, G 27, 7 41, 85, 9313, 10 2, 10 59. all 51. _p.m. Sundays 8 28, 9 50, 10 0 a.m. 3 40, 7 2°, ," ' p.m: a Saturdays only. Padgate-G 27, 6 58, 80, 8 29. 90,10 3 a.m. 1 20, 10, 5 5 620, 7 15, 98. 10 25, 1132p.m. Sundays t 1153, 1114 a.m. 283, 9 12, 10 14 p.m. rtuanorn_s 55, 8 34, 9 19, 10 26 a.m. 12 41, 1 4 4 30, 5 40,6 30, 8 12,10 20 p.m. Sundays 9 0 a.m. p,rn_

_ pai_7 5, 7 50, 8 33,9 25. 10 16, 10 35 a.m. 1236. 133,1402 40, 3 43, 4 35,5 26, 5 36, 6 23,7 25, 8 15, 9 32-4 43 p.m. Sundays 8 37, 10 12 a.m,4 3 3 54 _P.m. iSouthport-7 50. 90, 10 15, 10 50, 12 25, 1 20, 240 3 55, 5 25, 70, 85, 95,10 O. Sundays 9 0, 10. 7 50. a Saturday only. Thelwall-7 51,.8 36, 9 18.9 56,11 a.m. 1 15, al 41, 2 9, 2 55, 334, 4 19, b 5 35, 6 5, 6 45, 7 35,9 49, 11 37 P.m. Sundays, 819 a.m. 2 29, 719 p.m. a Sa tu r days only. b Saturdays excepted.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
POSTAL AND SAVIN63 BANK RaIuLITIONS

For further particulars see "Post Office Guide," at any Vost Office. POSTAGE STAMPS. Books containing 12 penny and 23 halfpenny stamps are now on sale at each post office. Price 2s. INLAND CORRESPONDENCE.

The term "Inland Correspondence" means cor- respondence posted within the United Kingdom, including the Isle of Manned the Channel Islands. "Inland Correspondence" is divided into the following classes: (n) Letters (d) Newspapers (b) Postcards (e) Parcels (c) Halfpenny paclets Not only letters, .but any document or article (with a few trifling exceptions) which can be trans- mitted by post at all, may be sent by letter post, the only limitation being that of size. LETTER POST. The prepaid rate of postage is as follows : Not exceeding 4 ozs. in weight ... ld. For every additionai 2 0z5.... id. A letter posted unpaid is chargeable on delivery with double postage; a letter insufficiently paid, with double the deficiency. No letter may exceed two feet in length, one foot in width, or one foot in depth._

POST-CARDS. The prepaid rate of postage on every post-card is one half-penny, and on • every reply post-card one penny. A post-card posted unpaid is chargeable oa delivery with one penny. Cards used as post-cards must be made of ordinary card-board, not thicker than the material used for the thickest official post-card. They may not exceed 51 inches in length by 3i inches in width, or be less than 31 inches in length by 2± inches in width. A gummed label (not to exceed 2 inches long and finch wide) bearing the address may now be affixed to the address side of card. If any of the rules relating to a post-card be infringed, the card will be treated as a letter. HALFPENNY PACKET POST. The Halfpenny Packet Post can be used only for packets not exceeding 2oz. in weight. Printed matter, Sze., not in the nature of a letter, may be transmitted by this method. NEWSPAPER POST. .

The prepaid rate of postage on a registered news- paper, including any supplement thereto, whether posted singly or with others is J. Newspapers not registered at the General Post Office are treated in the pcst like any other printed matter. • .

PARCEL POST. The rates of postage on parcels areas follows: Fora parcel ... ... not excieeding 1 lb. 0 3 lf exceeding 1 lb. ?I 2 lb. 0 4 71 „ 2 lb. ff * 3 lb. 0 5 ?i. ft 3 lb. VP 5 lb. 0 6 ft ft 5 lb. ty 7 lb. 0 7 ft t, 7 lb. fIP 8 lb. 0 8 f f ff 8 lb. ? f 9 lb. 0 9 If If 9 lb. ff 10 lb. 010 10 lb. 11 lb. 0 11 No parcel may exceed 111 b. in weight. The size allowed for an inland parcel in:— Greatest length... ... ... ... 3 ft. 6 in. Greatest length and girth combined 6 ft. 0 in. For example—A parcel measuring 3ft. Oin. in its longest dimensions as much as 2ft. 6in. round its thickest part; a short parcel may be thicker; thus, if it measure no more than 3ft, in length, it may measure as much as 3ft. round its thickest part. The postage on a parcel must be prepaid. Mark each parcel" Parcel Post." A parcel must not be posted in a letter box, but presented at the counter of a post office, and the sender should see that the weight, size and postage are in order before leaving.

PARCELS -(FOREIGN AND COLONIAL). Parcels are accepted for parcel post to most foreign countries under conditions similar to the inland regulations, except that for customs require- ments the contents must be declared. The customs charges can be prepaid or collected on delivery. The postage varies to different countries and must be prepaid. AIONN ORDERS (INLAND.) The postal authorities cannot issue a single money order for more than £4O, and will only cash them at the money order office at which thoy are made payable, unless they are cros<ed, when they can be paid through a bank. No fractional part of a id. can be contnined in a money order. The rates of poundage are :—Not exceeding £l, 2d. ; £3, 3d.; £lO, 4d.; £2O, 6d.; £3O, Bd. ; £4O, 10d. By paying an additional 2d. and cost of the telegram of advice, a money order can be telegraphed under certain restrictions. MONEY ORDERS (FOREIGN AND COLONIAL.) The maximum amount for which a money order may be issued for places abroad varies in each particular place. The poundage rates are :—Not exceeding £l,3d. ; £2, Gd. ; and above that, 3d. for each additional £2 or portion of it. A fee of 6d. in addition to the ordinary poundage, together with cost of telegram of advice, enables money orders to be telegraphed to certain places abroad. POSTAL ORDERS.

These are obtainable at any money order office in the United Kingdom, and possess the advantage over money otdors: that they can be cashed at any money order office. If crossed, they can ho paid into a bank. They are issued for fixed amounts, rising by Gd., from Gd. to £1 is. The poundage fees are up to 2s. 6d.; Id. up to 155.; lid. up to 21s. Before parting with a postal order, always fill in the name of the person to whom the amount is to be paid. Each order is numbered, as is also the counterfoil attached, which latter should be retained and name of payee filled in. The Post- master-General will entertain no further claim after an order is once paid. Stamps to the amount of sd. can be affixed to make up odd sums. TELEGRAMS (INLAND). The Patmaster-General possesses,al most entirely, the privilege of transmitting,collecting and deliver- ing telegrams in the United Kingdom. The charge for a telegram is a minimum amount of 6d. wlPich covers 12 words, and an additional 16. for each extra word. This charge includes delivery within the postal district if sent out for delivery from a head telegraph office, but if from a•sub-ollice then within three miles only, beyond which a charge of 3d. per mile is made from the office door. All charges are, as far as possible, prepared by affixing stamps to telegram form. Address of person receiv- ing a telegram has to be paid for, but sender's name if written on back of form need not be. Five figures count as one word. The cost of a reply may be 'prepaid. Telegrams can be repeated on payment of half the original charge, which extra payment is refunded if error is detected. Telegrams may be posted in wall or pillar boxes, or banded to rural postmen, and are wired as soon as received at the nearest telegraph office. Late fees secure attention, in certain cases, to telegrams handed in after the usual hours. The cost 9f registering an abbrevi- ated addrev, which must consist of two words, is £1 is. TELEGRAMS (FOREIGN AND COLONIAL) Must be written on special forms and are accepted in the language of any of the principal European 'countries. The rates vary, and are too numerous to detail here. POST OFFICE SAVINGS BANK. These are established at all money order offices. In ordinary cases the annual deposit must not exceed £5O, and the total amount £2OO. No person can have more than one account. Amounts placed in the bank on behalf of children under seven years of age cannot be withdrawn until the child reaches that age, and then only under his or her own signa- ture. The smallest amount received at a time is is., and this may take the form of 12 penny stamps affixed to a special form. Each depositor receives a bank book in whibh the amount of each deposit should be entered at the thus of paying in. If the deposit is £1 or over, a special acknowledgment is sent from the head London office. Interest is allowed at the rate of .2)t per cent, Any amount up to and including LI may be withdra-an without previous notice, on presenting a bank book. The bank book should be sent each year, postage free, on the anniversary of the date when the account was opened, to the Controller of the Savings Bank Department for purposes of checking and adding interest. The withdrawal of money can bee xpedited by telegraphing, the depositor paying cost of telegrams. P.O. TELEPHONE AND TRUNK LINE CHARGES.

7 The fees for the use of the Truok lines are as follows: _

For 2:3 miles or under ... ••• 3d• tf 50 ... 6d. 75 „ •.• ••• •• • 9d. „ 100 „ „ every additional 40 miles or fraction thereof... ... _ _ 6d.

Between the hours of 7 p.m. and 7 a.m., six minutes conversltlon is allowed for the same price as three minutes between 7 a.m. and 7 p.m., and a reduced charge is made for three minute calls.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
MOTOR, CAR AND CYCLE REGULATIONS.

_ Each one must be registered with the council of a county or county borough, the fee being .£1 bred motor car, and ss. for a motor cycle. A register a number is assigned to each, which it is an offence not to keep affixed when driving. Each driver must possess a license, costing 55., to be renewed every 12 months, and obtainable from the county authorities, which may be endorsed or suspended for reckless driving or certain other nffences. The highest speed at which a car my be driven on the public highways is 20 miles an- hour, which is reduced to 10 miles under special local regula- tions. It is an offence under the Motor Car Act (1903), to drive a car in such a way on a public highway as to be dargerot-3 to the public, hiving regard to all the circumstances of the case. In the event of an accident to any person due to bo presence of the motor or on the road, the river must supply his name and address, and the twner and number of the car, under heavy penal- odie The-driver must produceh is licence at the sequest of a. police constable.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL.

THE NORTHERN UNION.

CHRISTMAS DAY MATCHES.

Pts. Pts. Australians l4 Leeds lO NORTHERN RUGBY LEAGUE.

Oldham l9 Hull Kingston 8 Huddersfield Warrington 2B Leigh .0 13 Wigan Wakefield Trinity 9 Dewsbury 2 Rochdale Hornets 8 Batley Halifax 3l Hunslet 0 Salford l9 Broughton Rangers ... 10 St. Helens LANCASHIRE COMBINATION.

Wigan A Salford A Pemberton

===== 0002601_19090102_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Easily Beat. Leigh.

The Christmai Day fare attracted a crowd of 5,000 to Wilderspcol, and the locals put up a fine display against their visitors from Leigh. Beautiful weather prevailed, and with the ground in good order, there was some very fast play on both sides. Warrington were quite at full strength, while the visitors had also a fair side, though such men as T. Johnson and Winstanley were notable absentees. Four men who own Warrington as their native town, appeared in the Leigh ranks, viz., W. Ashton, Leah, Attewell and Gallop. Both sides set to work with a will at the commence- moat of hostilities, and Johnson was early dangerous on the Leigh right. Warrington responded in fine style, and Clarkson cleared brilliantly. The Leigh men were penalised in their own quarter and Fish opened the score with a neat goal. Warrington still continued to claim the bulk of the play and another brilliant effort on the right by Trehearne, who passed inside to Brooks, led up to Brooks scoring the first try, Fish adding the extra points. Warrington continued to play a strong game and, singular to add, the second try was almost an emulation of its predecessor, but this time Taylor put on the finishing touches to Trehearne's fine play, and Fish added his third goal. For a few minutes the excitement toned down somewhat, and though Leigh made spasmodic bursts there was no sting in the attack. Not so with Warrington, for clever work by the backs gave P. Boardman a chance to shine, and he crossed the rut, but this time the goal kick was a failure. One of the most exciting incidents during this half was an effort near half-time, for Brooks, kicking from some loose play, indulged in a rare race for the leather with Gallop, and the honours went with the international half-back, Thomas bringing Warrington's record up to twenty-points to nil when the interval was sounded Leigh nil.

Tinning round Warrington early on improved their advantage, for brilliant passing led up to Dickenson scoring, and Thomas added a goal. The homesters now lessened their efforts. Leigh improved spler.didly and they had their just deserts when Johnson put on a try, in the manipulation of which the passing reached a high standard Johnson goaled. Smith next scored after clevet work, but this time there was no goal. A really clover goal from Taylor's foot was followed by Leah scoring a try, and Woodward adding a goal the end of a really fine game was as follows : Warrington, six goals five tries (27 points), Leigh, two goals three tries (13 points.)

===== 0002601_19090102_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
SATURDAY'S MATCHES.

G. T. P. G. T. P. *OLDHAM THE NORTHERN RUGBY LEAGUE.

*Hunslet *Hull 3 9 33 Hull K'gst'n R. 2 1 7

*Wakefield Trinity 5 1 13 Huddersileld ... 1 2 8 Batley *Bradford Nor. ... G 6 30 Swinton *Rochdale H Warrington *Broughton R. ... 3 2 12 Halifax 1 3 11 *Leigh *Runcorn York Merthyr rydvil ... 2 0 —4 Ebbw Vale Wigan 2 6 22 *St. Helens 2 1 7

NORTHERN UNION CUP.-SECOND QUALIFYING

ROUND. . *Normanton *Beverly. 515 55 Hull White Rose 0 2 6 Mid-Rhondda 1 0 2 Barry 0 0 0 Cadishead 1 1 5 *Wgan Highileld 0 0 0 Workington 0 3 9 *Millom *Egremont *Pemberton 3 933 Swinton Hornets 0 0 0 *lnce — 37 Heyside 0 0 0

===== 0002601_19090102_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE CONIBINATION.

Pts: Pte. Wigan" A" Warrington "A " 23 Widnes" A"

===== 0002601_19090102_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Wirat Widnes.

The Warrington men went to Widnes on Saturday with the avowed intention of avenging the defeat sustained earlier in the season. A full team was avail- able, and the Warrington men were strongly supported by followers from Warrington. There was a gate of 4,000 at Widnes, and the match was played in ideal weather. The teams were as follows:

Widnes—Davies, back ; Ince Lambert, Taylor, and Moran, three-quarter backs ; Lay and Ditchfield, half backs ; G. Aspey, S. Aspey, W. Rigby, F. Rigby, Carr, and M'Carthy, forwards. Warringto.u—Tilley, back ; Fish, Dickenson, Taylor, and Trehearne, three quarter backs; and Jenkins, half backs • Thomas, P. Boardman, A. Boardman, Neill, Dowel, and Che,sters, forwards. Referee, Mr. Mainwaring (Salford). Touch judges, Messrs. T. Foulkes (St. Helens) and Bennett (Liver- pool). G. Aspey set the ball in motion for the home side, and Dickenson was collared in possession. Widnes pressed but Ike Taylor took a penalty kick with judg- ment and relieved. Lambert snapped ups pass which Dickenson intended for Taylor. He got away nicely, but a speedy Warringtonian overhauled him. Widnes were having rather the better of the game, but Tilley was extremely sound in defence. Fish raised a siege of some minutes' duration with a pretty run. Lally came round the pack too soon and was penalized, with the result that Fish landed a goal. Widnes were playing dashing football now, and Dickenson and Trehearne . were rolled Over in rapid succes- sion. A bad slip by Davies gave the visitors a chance which was spoiled by over eagernes. Sam Aspey headed a capital drnble. He took the ball forty yards and beat Tilley, but Taylor gave chase and managed to send to touch. Judicious work by Tilley, aided by the alert Fish, took the game back to the Widnes "25." Warrington indulged in some grand passing and Trehearne looked dangerous when held. 'filen Taylor dodged several opponents and ran well. Fortunately for the" Chemicals" his pass to Fish was a trifle wide and the wing man failed to take it. Fierce scrimmaging followed, Jenkins eventually hurling him- self over the line. Fish landed a good goal. Widnes 1, had a good share of the game after this, but Tilley was , a stumbling block to the home team. Half-time.— Wsrrington two goals one try (seven points); Widnes nil. ' On resumption Brooks ran weil and Fish supplemented 1 by travelling a long way before the whistle went for a preNious knock on. Fish was not to be held in check, and, a moment later, -he raced away in the old style, j dodging man after .man. When hemmed in he ttansferred to Neill and the Welshman dished over. Thomas j mad a good but unsuccessful bid at goal from a difficult position. Widnes were next to ' shine and carried play to the other end with a desperate burst. Tilley acknowledged the effort by conceding a touch down. Widnea again pressed, and, after some exciting play, the Warrington Lack was held over his own lime. The ball was got away safely, Dickenson's defence being sound. After a dull period Lambert got going again but the impregnable Tilley stopped him. Thomas and another Warrington forward dribbled away past Ditehfield and seemed certain to score, when Thomas knocked-on in trying to pick up; Harry Taylor punted loftily over the" Wire pullers" lineand Tilley Jet the ball go dead. Widnes were getting possession well from the pack and had a spell of attacking. Fish was winded in a tackle but speedily recovered. Widnes wee pressing a couple of minutes from the close, when a sensational piece of play occurred. The. ball was sent to Davies who kicked straight to Dickenson. The Warrington centre dashed away at a great rate towards centre. When he was challenged he threw to Fish, and the wing ran over from half way with the try of the match, George Thomas fulled with the goal kick. Result :—Warrington, two goals three tries (13 points); Widnes, nil.

The Kangaroos. Results of the Tour to Date.

For. Against Opponents G. T. P. G. T. P. Mid-Rhondda 4 4 20 0 2 6 Bradford 3 2 12 1 3 11 Rochdale Hornets 1 1 5 0 0 0 York 1 1 5 1 1 5 Salford 3 1 9 3 1 9 Runcorn _ 3 1 9 2 1 7

Cumberland League ll 10 52 5 0 10 Leigh Dewsbury - - - -

Yorkshire 3 6 21 1 3 11 Hunslet Aberdare 5 9 37 2 2 10 Warrington Northern League 2 2 10 0 3 9 Hall Kingston Rovers , 2 4 16 6 3 21 Lancashire Barrow 3 5 21 1 1 5 Halifax Swinton Northern Union Treherbert Wakefield Leeds Oldham

61 74 314 44 53 247 Flayed 24, won 14, lost 7, drawn 3.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE.

FIRST DIVISION.

For ag'st P. W. L. D. G. G. P. Earlestown St. John's 11 9 2 0 51 10 13 Lymm Burtonwood Rylands W'gton Albions Res. Latchford Whitecross 9 3 6 0 23 32 6 Orford Halton ll 2 8 1 12 54 5 Burtonvvood Wesley lO 2 8 0 16 23 4

SECOND DIVISION. E'town St. John's Res. 8 8 0 0 25 1 16 Burtonwood Reserve 7 5 1 1 17 6 11 Newton Amateurs 8 5 3 0 14 10 10 Whitecross Reserve Thelwall United ...... 8 3 4 1 14 18 7 *Rylands Reserve lO 3 6 1 17 19 5 Walker's Lymm Reserve Frodsham Brotherhood 7 0 5 2 5 20 2 *Two points deducted for playing ineligible men. Dalton Reserve withdrawn. Record expunged. Matches for January 2nd, 1909.

Ist Division :—Whitecross v. Latchford, Burton- wood. v. Warrington Albions Reserves, Orford v. Burtonwood Wesleyans. 2nd Division :—Lyrnm Reserves v. Whitecross Reserves, Walkers v. Earlestown St. John's Reserves.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
Draw for Third Round of" Observer" Cup.

Sutton Commercial v. Burtonsvood. Warrington Albions v. Barnton Villa. Marston United v. Halton Villa. Lymm v. Clock Face. To be played on ground of first named, on Jan. 9th. Results for Christmas Day_.

Bartonwood 1, *Bartonvvood We ley-0. Results for December 26th.

Earlestown St. John's 10, *Halton 1. *Lymm 6, Burtonwood Wesloy 2. Earlestown St. John's Reserves 2, *Newton Amateurs 0.

*Rylands' Reserves 1, Lymm Reserves 0. * Home team.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ALLEGED WHOLESALE RAILWAY

THEFTS.

Prisoners Again Remanded.

At the Borongh Police Court, on Tuesday morning, before 11. Roberts and other justices, John Morton, wiredrawer, 13, Monks-street ; and Thomas Walton, engine-driver, 13. Monks-street, were charged on remand with stealing and receiving from a van in transit on the London and North-Western Railway on Sunday, December 20th, a bale of leather, the property of the railway company; also"with stealing and receiv- ing from a van on December 19th, one cheese and 32 packets of jelly, valued at £1 10s. Gd. ; also with steal- ing and receiving from a van on December 2ad, 154 pads of silk gauze, valued at £2. Walton and Edwin Hamer, 15, Gaskell-street, were charged with stealing and reciving from a van in transit on October 16th, a quantity of men's and boy's clothing, the property of the company. The Chief Constable stated that unfortunately the solicitor for the prosecution had been "snowed up," and had been unable to get there. Mr. Steel, who was defending Walton, also wished the Bench to he informed that he was "snowed up." The prosecution wished that application should be made for a further adjourn- ment for seven days. The railway police, had been unable to clear the matter up, and they desired a further remand. There was a considerable quantity of property stolen, and having regard to the fact that the past week had been one of holidays, the railway com- pany had bad great difficulty in tracing ownership. A remand for seven days was granted.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
LIFE-BOAT SERVICES IN 1908.

Although the storms and gale; of the year 1903 pro- vided plenty of work for the life-boats of the Royal National Life-Boat Institution and their gallant crews the year, as a whole, was not a remarkably boisterous one. The heaviest gales of the year occqrred on the 6th-Bth March and the 31st August,-ist September. On the first occasion 62 lives were saved and 5 vessels, and 13 other persons were landed, 19 life-boats being launched; whilst during the other gale mentionerl, 28 life-boats were launched, resulting in the saving of 7 lives and 1 vessel, 59 persons in imminent danger being also landed. Between the Ist January and the 31st December, inclusive, the Institution's life-boats were launched on service 407 times in addition to which crews were assembled in readiness for service on 55 occa- sions, wheir their help was not ultimately required. The total number of Ryes saved in 1908 by the life-boats was 393, and by the shore-boats and other means, for which the Institution granted rewards, 152, making a grand total for the year of 515 lives saved. As many as 39 vessels and boats were also saved from total or partial loss. The number of lives for which the Life- boat Institution has granted rewards since it was established on the 4th March, 1821-84 years ago—has cow reached 47,890. The cost of maintaining the institution's large fleet of 280 life-boats in thorough efficiency is very great, and increases ; but the financial support received from the public in annual subscriptions and donations is quite inadequate 'for, the purpose. wurther help is therefore much needed. Annual sub- scriptions and donations will be thankfully received and acknowledged by the Secretary, Charles Dibdin, Esq., 22 Charing Cross-road, London, W.C., by any of the branch honorary secretaries, and by all the bankers in the United Kingdom.

FREE TRAA V. PROTECTION. CONTRAST IN CHRISTMAS SHOPPING.

The "Daily Chronicle " quotes side by side the following contrast between the Christmas conditions existing in Free Trade England and Protectionist Germany from twoasuccessive issues of a prominent Tariff Reform organ. The information is contained in on article on Christmas shopping in London and special telegram on the same Lubject from Berlin.

FOOTBALL FIXTURES AND RESULTS.

(NORTIIERN UNION LEAGUE.)

WARRINGTON. Date. Opponents. Ground. For Against. Sep. 5 Leigh away 5 6 12 Widnes home 5 8 19 Swinton 26 Rochdale home 16 6 Oct. 3 Salford 10 Merthyr away 28 12 12 Ebbw Vale away 10 10 17 Wigan 24 Broughton 31 Merthyr Nov. 7 St. Helens L.C. 14 Australia ....... .. 21 Swinton L.C. 23 Oldham home 27 0 28 Runcorn Dec. 5 Wigan L.C.Semi-final away 10 15 12 Wigan 19 Broughton 25 Leigh home 27 13 26 Widnes Jan. 1 Runcorn 2 9 Hull 16 Wakefield home 23 St. Helens 30 Wakefield, away Eia 20 Oldham away 23 Halifax away 27 N.U. Cup Mar. _ 6 Rochdale away

13 Hull 20 Barrow away 27 Swinton Apl. 3 Barrow home 9 Halifax 10 Salford home

RUNCORN. For Against Sept. 5 Salford away 18 7 12 St. Helens 19 Leigh away 6 5 26 Widnes home 13 7 Oct. 3 Swinton 10 Treherhert 17 Rochdale home 16 8 21 Australia home 7 9 24 Wigan 31 Keigley Nov. 7 Broughton L.C home 10 7 14 Swinton 21 Brarrow L.C. away 5 3 28 Warrington home 3 5 Dec. 5 Oldham 12 Salford home 16 4 19 Widnes away 3 3 25 St.llelens away 0 6 26 Keighley home 22 5 Jan. 1 Warrington ..... .... away 8 12 9 Oldham 16 Batley . 23 Treherbert 30 Rochdale Feb. 6 Batley 20 Wigan 27 N.U. Cup Mar. 6 Barrow home 27 Leigh home Apr. 3 Oldham away 9 10 Broughton

WIDNES. For Against Sept. 5 Barrow home 3 6 12 Warrington ...... 19 Olc;ham home 0 7 26 Runcorn Oct. 3 Broughton 10 Salford home 2 15 17 St. Helens 21 Barry home 31 6 $I Leigh away 8 24 Nov. 7 Wigan L.c. 14 Barrow 21 St. Helens Dec. 12 Dewsbury away 8 16 19 Runcorn 26 Warrington Jan. 1 2 Rochdale 9 Swinton 13 Australia 16 Dewsbury home 23 Leigh home 30 Salford Feb. 6 Oldham 13 Batley 20 Barry away 27 N. U. Ct.p Mar. 6 Wigan 13 Swinton 20 Broughton 27 Batky Arr. Rochdale hothe

ST. lIELENS. For Against. Sept. 5 Oldham 12 Runcorn 19 Aberdare 26 Bradford Oct. 3 Barrow home - 26 5 10 Bronghton 17 Widnes home 11 0 24 Swinton 31 Salford home 8 13 Nov. 7 Warrington L.C home 6 21 14 Leigh 21 Widnes away 8 5 28 Bradford 12 Rochdale home 13 13 19 Salford away 14 15 "5 Runcorn 25 Wigan Jan. 1 9 Broughton 16 Rochdale 23 Warrington home 30 Barrow away Feb. 6 Swinton 13 Leigh.. away __ .

17 Ausiralia home 20 27 N.U. Cop Mar. 6 Oldham away 13 Aberdare 9 NV ga

f

'

===== 0002601_19090102_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
Sold everywhere In boxes, price 1111 (56 pills) & 219 (168 pills).

===== 0002601_19090102_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
'

,-1", • !-

INVOICES, Ruled or Plain, printed to any Sizeor reittern on blue, white, or f3n37 paper.

ADDRESS or VISITING CARDS Printed from plate or type.

CIRCLARS in the neatest style, from modern type, and of the best worknianahip.

pROGRAMJIM for Entertainments, leoncerta Itc., In the latest artißtle style.'

SPECIAL facilities for all kinds of EDUCATION WORKS.

Printing Bookbinding

Lithography.

I_l ANDBILLS, in large or small quantities, cheap -.Land effective.

HYMN PAPERS for Schools, Sermons, Services of t'ong. Festivals, /se.

CATALOGI7E3 or Public Private Libraries Auctioneers and Tradosmon.

PRICE LISFS, Printed on card or paper Mils trated, it required.

Si"' RECEIPT, and SUI3SCRIP7ION BOORS Printed, Bound, Lumbered and Perforattd , to order.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
POSTERS 'WI

OF ALL SIZES.

We print the largest rooster in

the district,

60in. x 40in. in one sheet.

EV ERY DESCRIPTION OF PRIN fl NG

[AG RICULTUR A L AND FLORAL SCHEDVLEB

AND CATALOG UEi.I CONCERT BILLS AND PRO GRA UNIESI

INVOICES,

PRICE LISTS, CIRCULARS, °AIII4'HLETS, 'TIME BOOKS, MILL WORK, CATALOGUES,I CLUB RULES, PROGRAMMES,II BALANCE SHEETS, ECuTED AT !MORT NOTICE.

,1-1,

\

Paper Ruling Die Stamping Embossing &c.

CONTRIBUTION CARDS BALANCE SHEETS NOTICES OF MEE CINGS POSTERS RIFFLE TICKETS DRAWING TICKETS ENVELOPES POST CARDS

CRICKET FIXTURES..,

ESTIMATES FOR PRINTING.

ESTIMATES FOR BOOKBINDING

ESTIMATES FOR LITHOGRAPHING

ESTIMATES FOR PAPER RULING

Examiner Office,

BEViSEY STREET,

- - '

===== 0002601_19090102_art0104.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19090102_art0105.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11111 PP

===== 0002601_19090102_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
- - -.-

t:: ;i•-••-:4: -

===== 0002601_19090102_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
QUESTIONS FOR TARIFF REFORMERS.

Xl.-11 Britain, an old-established Industrial Nation, needs Tariff Reform, how can she adopt it without providing India with a Tariff against British manufac- tures? •

Every year India imports large quantities of manufactures, and the greater part of them is imported from the United Kingdom. The facts are:

_ IMPORTS INTO INDIA (YEAR ENDED maßem 315 t, 19a7.) In Million £ From 'United From Foreign Kingdom. Countries. Food, &c. 2.1 ... 5.7 Raw Materials ... 1-0 ... 2.6 Manufactures ... 50.6 ... 10.2 53.7 18 5

If Protection is true, it is clear that we are doing a deadly wrong to India. Tf we adopt Protection, and do not give India Protection, we shall be cheating India from a Protectionist standpoint. If we adopt Protection, and give India protection, we shall be hurting ourselves in one of our best markets. Which course do the Tariff Reformers suggest that vie should take? L. C. C. M.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.

The Infirmary. Sir,—Would the "Examiner" afford a free advertise- ment on behalf of the Warrington Infirmary by the insertion of this letter? Rule No. 9 has recently been altered to the effect that "annual subscribers of 10s. Gd, will be entitled to two recommendation forms "—annually. This alteration especially commends itself to the people residing in the country parishes adjacent to the borougb, rrany of whom will be glad to subscribe 10s. 6d., but who have thought 21s. too much for them, and my object in asking you to publish the fact is that it may become known to the agricultural community generally who I know, so far as their means will allow, are amongst the most generous in such philanthropic and, often to them, useful objects. I have only to add that subscriptions are due on New Year's Day each year.

Yours truly, WM. HOUGHTON. The Grange, Paddington, Jan. Ist, 1909.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
Tariff Reformers and Trade Returns

Sir,—Will you allow me a snail space to reply to my good friend Mr. England on the above subject? lam afraid that I don't quite understand Lis letter. Does he wish to abandon the position hitherto so stoutly defended by Free Traders that all imports most be paid for by exports of goods, or does he concede that they may be paid for by exports of British securities 0.% ned by British subjects ? If Mr. England contends that the excess of imports over exports (as shown by his figures) may be taken to be the measure of our prosperity, so long as our own earning power through invisible exports are not decreased thereby, my reply is as fellows: If the excess of imports over exports is the best test of national prosperity, the years in which the ratio of the trade balance is lowest should be (accordinF, to Mr. England) the least prosperous and the years in which it is highest, the most prosperous. But the trade balance was lowest in 1872 when it was 16 per cent, of the exports, and 1873 when it was 8 per cent. These years by every test were the most prosperous in the annals of British trade. The balance was highest in 1877, when it was 71 per cent, of the exports (and 1877 was a most disastrous year for British trade) and 1898 when it was 75 per cent. of the exports (and 1898 again was a year of singularly bad trade). In IS9O on the other hand, a year of good trade, the balance was low, being only 35 per cent. of the exports. Th6refore Mr. England's assertion that British prosperity is to be ascertained by the excess of imports thus finds no support whatever in facts. So much for my friend's figures. lam afraid, how- ever, that my friend is on the wrong path, if he wishes to prove to the people of Warrington that Free Trade is good. What he wants to do is to account to them for the unemployment. It is no benefit to a man out of work to be shown Board of Trade figures. What he wants to know is how to get work. We Tariff Reformers say that" The fundamental argu- ment for Protection is its benefits to labour." The chief reason that I personally am a Tariff Reformer is that I believe not only in work for all, but a living wage for all. I do not consider 17s. 10d. a living wage, but under the conditions of Free Trade it is impossible for the employers to pay more. In conclusion, I can assure my friend that the time, in my opinion, is not far distant when Tariff Reform will be adopted in England for her benefit.—Yours truly, G. H. WARBURTON STEEL. 31st December, 1908.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
The Rurl-Decanal Conference.

Rev. John Yonge's Vigorous Protest. Sir,—Your readers ;would peruse your report of the recent Ruri-Decanal Conference with a good deal of surprise, and perhaps also some little regret that good and worthy ministers of the Christian religion could display such narrowness of feeling and perversity of judgment. I am not disposed, however, to say much about their curious opinions as to the Education question, or their demands about Secondary and Elementary schools in this County Borough. The proper authorities will know how to deal with their projected policy in these matters. Happily we have had, so far, no "religious difficulty "in Warrington, and it is to be hoped that clerical indiscretions, such as have recently been dis- played, will no.t seriously disturb the tranquility which hitherto has prevailed. If, however, any such disturb- ance does arise, everyone will know who its creators have been. Usually, the " dissenters " have been the alleged disturbers of the peace. In this case, they, at least, are not to blame. My special object in these lines is to enter an earnest protest against the extraordinary speech of the Rev. J. Carson. One wonders very much where Mr. Carson gets his ideas of Nonconformists from, and especially where he finds any foundation whatever for his opinions about Nonconformist ministers ! He is reported to have said in his speech that "so far as he could make out from the sermons of Nonconformist ministers, they kad •no Christianity at all And then he went on to support that astounding assertion by a reference to "a particular instance which had come under his own personal observation in which the Saviour was left out, and His atoning sacrifice, and the great work He came on earth to do, and Ho wais looked upon merfaly as being a good religious Teacher." Is Mr. Carson so devoid of commonsense and common fairness as to infer that because one solitary sermon which has "come under his own personal observation "may warrant the description he gives of it, all the sermons of all Non- conformist ministers are. of the same character ? Surely Mr. Carson's acquaintance with sermons other than his own and those of his fellow clergy, must be almost "nil." He might do worse, in the matter of current sermon literature, than take for a few weeks the "Christian World Pulpit" (price one penny), in which he would find every week verbatim reports of sermons pinched both by eminent Anglicans and by representative and " orthodox " Nonconformists. From the perusal of these it is certain he would speedily learn the untruth and unwisdom of his wholesale denunciation of Nonconformist preachers as having "no Christianity at all !." Does Mr. Carson seriously mean to say that he actually believes that Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, to say nothing of Congregational ministers have "no Gospel ?" if he does mean that, is it not time that, in justice to his own character as a Christian minister believing in truth, be should take pains to inform himself of the actual facts of the matter? Any Nonconformist minister who preaches as Mr. Carson describes,has but a minority along with him, either of preachers or of people. lam confident that the Evangelical Nonconformist ministers of this district would repudiate the specimen of Non- conformist preaching as accurate in their own cases, and that they feel no little indignation that an Angl:can clergyman can so far forget his own dignity and so latterly misrepresent the well known facts of the day as to declare that Nonconformist ministers "have no Christianity at all " ! I confess that it is also an addi- tional surprise to me that members of that Ruri-decanal Conference with whom I have the frequent pleasure of co-operating in various ways, could suffer Mr. Carson's absolute misrepresentation to pass unchallenged. Why, Sir, the assertion is one of astounding untruth! Has Mr. Carson never heard of eminent Nonconformist theologians, such as the late Dr. Dale, of Birmingham, whose work upon "The Atonement" has long been a text book in orthodox schools of Theology, Anglican, and Nonconformist alike : or my own college tutor, the late Dr. Henry Robert Reynolds, of Cheshunt, or Dr. Fairbairn, still the Principal of Mansfield College, Oxford ? has Mr. Carson in his quiet retreat at War- grave, never heard of Charles Haddon Spurgeon, whose " Gospel" no sane man has ever questioned, and whose " message " to saint and sinner gained for him a supreme name among Nonconformist preachers? I suppose be may have heard of one John Clifford, D.D., who, whatever his extreme (?) opinions in matters of educational freedom may be, has an unquestioned and unrivalled rank among Nonconformist preachers of "Jesus Christ and Him Crucified." Perhaps he has never beard of J. H. Jowett, Dr. Dale's successor at , Carr's Lane, Birmingham,or of the late Charles Garmtt, of Liverpool, or of Scott Lidgett, President of the ' Wesleyan Conference, or of John Watson, D.D., of

===== 0002601_19090102_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
Felton Park, the personal friend of the Bishop of Liver-I pool. But he has come to personal knowledge of one nameless Nonconformist "who has no Christianity at all." And from such slender, infinitesimal origin he shapes a missile to hurl, with all his oratorical force, against the host of orthodox Nonconformists who out- number all Anglicanism—High, Broad, and evangelical! It seems to me singularly fortunate that the sayings and doings of this marvellous Ruri-decanal Conference have been so ably reported. I note with pleasure that the Rector of Warrington strove to curb the impetuosity of some of his brethren. It is to be hoped that he will succeed in saving them from a withering repulse, if they endeavour to cajole such a body of Managers as control ' the Arpley-street school to give " right of entry "to a "religious teaching" which the " People's College" has never included in its curriculum from the beginning of its career.—Faithfully yours

JOHN YONGE, 26, Ellesmere-road, Stockton Heath, December 29th, 1908.

A Discovery at the Parish Church. 1 Sir,—What an age of discovery is this, to be sure! It is encouraging to know Warrington is not behind in the art of exploration. The December number of the "Warrington Parish Church Magazine" came into my hands yesterday, and within its columns I note the " discovery " to which I refer. The name of the fortunate finder does not appear but, under the heading "The use of the Stole" I read : " For nearly twenty years the altar has been rightly vested according to the season and with what we believe to be the proper colours . For the last ten years or more we have followed suit with stoles and have worn them at all times of our ministration according to the season, but investigation seems to show that we are wrong and we find now that there is no authority for wearing stoles on every occasion, and that they should properly be restricted to Sacramental uses, follow- ing the colour of the season only at the Holy Eucharist. We intend therefore at Advent to dis- continue theuse of the stole at matins and even- song and use it for Sacramental purposes only, viz., for the administration of Holy Baptism and celebration of the Holy Communion, for the solemnisation of Holy Matrimony and in the exercise of penance." This is most interesting, as showing the attitude of mind prevailing at the Parish Church ! Has it taken ten years to discover that the use of the stole in a Protestant Church is a violation of authority? How long has the English Church authorised the "Sacramental use of Penance ? " Article xxv. declares that "Confirmation, Penance, Orders, Matrimony, and Extreme Unction are not to be counted for Sacraments of the Gospel, being such as have grown partly of the corrupt following of the Apostles, partly are states of life allowed in the Scriptures, but yet have not like nature of Sacraments with Baptism and the Lord's Supper, for that they have not any visible sign or ceremony ordained of God." These words are taken as the authorative teaching of the English Church. Why, then, do the local clergy place these pre-Reformation customs and practices on a level with the two authorised Sacraments? Apparently there are still in Warrington, members of the National Church who practice auricular confession and penance—(for they are intimately associated)—and then some one asks "where is the need for Emmanuel Church?" But, Sir, are not these customs dragging our holy religion into contempt? The average Englishman has neither time for nor interest in the hair-splitting of sacerdotal law-makers or law-breakers. He reveres his God and honours the Christ, and looking to the great Church .9f England asks "Who and what is the God you worship? Is the richness of His blessings and Lene.dictions dependent upon, or enhanced by artistic vesting of altars' and the garments of Priests? Is He really influenced by these performances ?" What becomes of the Apostolic declaration that" your bodies are the temples of the Holy Ghost "and that the members of the Church are to he" filled with all the fullness of God "—since Christ " dwells in your hearts by faith"? A great deal might be said as to the Pagan origin and significance of these things (in which I am much inter- ested having been brought up in the extreme wing of the sacerdotal party), but for the present, I express the hope that fresh discoveries will yet be made, and that presently we may all come and join hands in the practical expres4ion of the faith we so often profess in song.

"Thou oh Christ, art all I want ! More than all in Thee I Gad."

Yours &c., FRANK VAUGHAN. Emmanuel Church, December 315t,1008.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
YESTERDAY'S FOOTBALL.

Warrington Beat Runcorn at Wilderspool.

A DESPERATE STRUGGLE.

There was a popular fixture at Warrington yesterday when Runcorn paid their annua visit to Wilderspool. Thanks to the rapid thaw, the ground was in fairecondi- tion, though very soft. A large crowd assembled and there must have been quite 6,000 people on the ground. Both sides were representative, though Brooks, the international half-back, stood down from the home side at the last minute, and the vacancy was filled by Lloyd. Runcorn were short of Butterworth and Hughes. The teams lined out as follows :

Warrington.—Tilley, full back ; Fish, Dickenson, Taylor and Treharne, threequarters ; Lloyd and Jenkins, half backs • Thomas, O'Neill, Dowell, P. Boardman, Belton, aneChester, forwards. Runcorn—Harrison, full back ; Deakin, Unsworth, Moran and Flanagan, threequarters; Jolley and Watton, half backs ; Walker, Richardson, Padbury, Kennedy, McDonald and Dixon, forwards. Warrington started the game through Thomas and the visitors were early on the attack, Tilley's kick being charged down. Flannagan hada clear colirse but Jenkins intervened and a penalty saved the home side. Then Fish got hold from a weak punt by Watton, and put in a beautiful run before passing to Dickenson. The latter kicked and Runcorn at once get the ball down again. Tilley being tackled by Watton. Runcorn had a penalty and Padbury made a shocking attempt at goal. Runcorn tried the kick and rush game to some purpose, 11 but Fish again drove them out. The Linnets were I dangerous in their peculiar style, and after Tilley had been collared again Taylor kicked dead* under the bar. Warrington were not showing their best form, and the visiting forwards followed up with speed, and hot work in the home quarter followed. Tilley was again weak and missed a catch. Walker dashed over for Runcorn but the whistle had gone for a penalty a reconcl before, and Warrington escaped. But it was only temporary. Fine forward play by Runcorn saw the home defence beaten by Padbury and Walker, the former scoring. The goal kick failed. So far Warrington had been second best but Taylor led the way to the Runcorn quarter, *here Fish was overwhelmed near the corner. Fish bad a long range penalty kick and sent the ball under the bar. Again Warrington got away on the left but Harrison made no mistake with Fish. A beautiful passing run by Taylor and Treharne looked certain to materialise, but Taylor missed the final transfer near the line* Warrington were now playing finely and Thomas nearly rushed the ball over. Treharne was next sent in touch at the corner after a fine run by O'Neill and Jenkins. Then Taylor cut in and when tackled passed to Fish who rushed eve-, and gave his side the lead with a nice goal and deafening cheers. Another thrill was pro- vided by Jenkins who kicked over the Runcorn line and the Linnets only just touched down in time. Jolley next tripped Taylor and was cautioned by the referee. Runcorn attacked again but Jolley was penalised close in and Taylor cleared. Then Walker came ita for a caution for roughness. Half-time: Warrington, 5 points; Runcorn, 3 points. Richardson restarted the second half of a desperate struggle. The first incident was a fine forward dribble by Warrington, which took play to the line, Richardson saving. Runcorn were penalised in front of the goal and Fish again sent the ball over the bar. Harrison was carried of! injured, Jolley taking his place. Fish shone in some exchanges, but Runcorn were aggressive, Watton being held by Jenkins. Harrison now resumed and the Linnets attacked strongly, Padbury missing a penalty kick in front of goal. After even play Flannagan made a long run which was checked by the ball hitting the referee. Runcorn attacked hotly and liusworth was nearly in. Lloyd relieved and Treharne ran well into the Runcorn half. The Linnets were up again in a moment and from a short penalty kick ‘Vatton scored. Padbury made a poor attempt at goal and Warrington were still a point ahead. It was now Warrington s turn and Fish was held at the corner from Lloyd's pass. Then Jenkins threw out and Taylor trick- ing the Runcorn defence scored a beauty under the bar, Fish again goaling. The next moment, Taylor put in a brilliant run and tackled Harrison. It was a ding dong game and there was little between the teams. Walker intercepted a pass and had a clear course, but he was short of speed. Runcorn made the pace hot and Jolley kicked a penalty goal. Warrington at once rushed the hall to the Runcorn end, where Jolley saved luckily. Taylor again ran grandly nearly to the line whe:e fierce play followed. Warrington hold tightly to their advantage and just on time Taylor took a long drop at goal, which just missed. Final : Warrington 3 goals, 2 tries, 12 points; Runcorn 1 goal, 2 tries, 8 points. RUNCORN "A" v. WAIIRINGT-ON "A."

This mstch shculd have takea place yesterday at Runcorn, but it RAS postponed owing to the ground being unfit.

••••••••.11410.•••= The doctor's startling diagnosis, Said, " caution or tuberculosis !" The patient rudely murmured," Rot ! It's nothing but a cold I've got." The doctor said indignantly, " Then why was it you sent for me ?" , The patient said, " No choice, be sure, The chemist's out of Woods' Peppermint Cure.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
The Exa

A CHAPTER OF LOCAL HISTORY.

EVENTS OF THE YEAR 1908 REVIEWED.

With the passing of the old year and the advent of mThiee-- to bring to the notice of persons interested the new, our thoughts naturally revert to the events the advantages Warrington possesses for works and which stand out as landmarks in the work of the past manufactories. The municipal elections in November teelve months and it is well to take stock of the more produced only two contests but they were fought with notable aehievements in various departments of public great keenness. In Orford Ward the Liberal candi- activity. In Warrington the year 1908 has not been date (Mr. Peter Peacock) registered a notable victory, remarkable for momentous liappenings but neverthe- while in St. John's Ward the Socialists failed to retain less there is a great deal of interest to recall, their only seat in the Council, Mr. James Ball being In the world of politics the great issues which have defeated by the Conservatives. Councillor Peacock's engaged national attention have been brought home to return has been followed by a petition by his Conserve - the minds of the Warrington electorate by the steady tive opponent (Mr. J. A. Rushworth) on the ground of educational work of the progressive organizations. alleged corrupt practices,and a Commissioner has been Enthusiasm in the Liberal rsnks has been well main- appointed to try the case. After occupying the alined and the policy of reform on statesmanlike lines Mayoral chair with distinction for two years Alderman persistently pursued by the Government has met with Smethurst, to the regret of all, declined to accept Iloyal support. The great event of the year politically office for a further twelve months. His genial and was the visit of the night Hon. Augustine Birrell, impartial conduct as chief magistrate had gained the K.C., M.P., Chief Secretary for Ireland, who addressed respect and goodwill of all, and at the last meeting of a great meeting in the Parr Hall on November 28th. the Council for the municipal year the members did A magnificent reception was accorded to the distin- honour to the retiring Mayor in unique fashion by guished statesmen by one of the finest gatherings singing" For he's a jolly good fellow. Faced with ever seen in Warrington and his eloquent and the task of choosing a suitable successor, the Council inspiring address will not readily be forgotten. Aa took the singular course of waiting upon seven social function of special interest to local Liberals ; members in order of seniority to ascertain who would took place in the Parr Hall on February sth when ; would be willing to serve. There were rumours of a iMr. A. 11. Crosfield, M.P. and Mrs. Crosfield i centest but fortunately the affair was amicably received a hearty welsome on their first arranged and the unanimous choice of the Council visit to Warrington since their marriage. I fell upon Alderman W. J. Forshaw, who has already They were also the recipients of a handsome: won general confidence by the conscientious and wedding present which took the form of an upright . energetic way in which he has applied himself to the ( grand piano and an illuminated address. Mr. Crosfield duties. has shown himself to be a most capable representative l The cost of education in Warrington continues its of the borough in the House of Commons and has ; upward tendency and the estimates of the Education taken every opportunity of keeping his constituents ' Committee approved in February involved a rate of well-informed on the topics of the day. That he is is. 7d. as compared with is. 41,d. last year. Warring- I keenly alive to all that concerns the welfare and ton's second Council school— the Bolton school at prosperity of the town is evident from the fact that in ' Latchford—was formally opened on May 2ath by his second speech in the House of Commons,delivered ' Conncillor Fulton Smith (chairman of the committee). on March 12th, he voiced Warrington's special It is a handsome and commodious building equipped interests in the Liverpool Corporation Bill. Mr, in the most up-to-date style. The question of the Crcsfield again spoke in the House on July 16th, this medical inspection of school children has been much time as the champion of the local postmen in their pro- to the fore in the committee's deliberations and during, test against any reduction of wages , and received the the negotiations differences arose with the Town grateful thanks of that section of his constituents. Council as to how the work should be carried out. The Progressive Labour League, which did such Proposals of the Health Committee led to a resolution splendid service at the last election, organized an being passed at the May .meeting of the Education open air campaign in June and a most encouraging Committee declaring that no scheme could be approved 1 series of meetings, culminating in an exceptionally which provided for any portion of the inspection being I large one addressed by Mr. Fred Maddison, M.P., performed by an officer resident at the infectious ' att -acted considerable attention and must have borne diseases hcspital or whose duties %mild ievolee daily fruit in the spreading of true progressive principles, i visits to the hospital. At the subsequent The members of the Women's Liberal Association, meeting of the Council the action of the another very active and useful organization, held Education Committee was repudiated, but matters their annual tea and concert on October 26th, and have since been satisfactorily adjusted. The Education ! were favoured with a visit from Mr. and Mrs, A. H. Committee gained their point with regard to avoiding Crosfield. 1 all risk of infection,for it is provided that the assistant The dominating question in politics during the ' medical officer shall devote the bulk of his time to • greater part of the year has been the Government the inspection of the school children and not touch the Licensing Bill, and in this connection it is gratify- general infectious diseases work. Another matter of ing to record a great re-awakeniug of temperance great importance to child life is the provision of sentiment in the town. At a crowded and enthusiastic meals for school children. In July the committee meeting held on March 9th, a Warrington Citizens' approved a scheme for putting the Education (Pro- Temperance League was formed on the widest possible vision of Meals) Act of 1900 into operation in the basis— undenominational and non-teetotal =and it has borough, but a great deal of time has been occupied I already abundantly justified its existence. At the in the necessary preliminaries. An appeal to the inaugural meeting a resolution was passed welcoming public for funds met witle no response and authority the Licensing Bill as a courageous and statesmanlike has therefore been obtained from the Board of Educe - measure of temperance and social reform, and the tion to levy a rate for the purpose. It is expected that League speedily got to work to educate public opinion the provision of meals will commence early in the on the question, with remarkable success. On New Year. The committee is again faced with a April 10th a memorable meeting in support of the serious lack of school accommodation and after ' Bill was held in the Parr Hall, Mr. James Dodds, receiving a special report from the Director, a resolu- the energetic president of the League presiding, and tion was passed in September recommending the Sites the principal speakers were the Bishop of Liverpool, and Buildings Committee to proceed forthwith with Mr. C. Roberts M.P., and the Rev. Paul Bull, The the provision of a school for the west end of St. hall was crowded in every part, the resolution was Austin's Ward and calling the attention of the carried by a majority of about 2,000 to 2, and an Council to the necessity for three additional schools overflow meeting had to be held. The discreditable in other parts of the town. Negotiations are at attempt of the opposition to " pack" the meeting by present in progress with the object of securing a site means of the now notorious "forged ticket trick , for the first school and it is expected that something proved a dismal failure. A. second great demonstra- definite will shortly be done. tion promoted by the League was held in the Parr The event of the year's work of the Board of Hall on October 19th, p hen the speakers included the Guardians has been the retirement full of honours, Dean of Carlisle, Mr. J. A. Seddon, M.P., Principal after many years service, of Mr. J. C. Sutton from the Warman, the Ilev. F. A. Screeton and the Rev. A. j, . clerkship. At a meeting on April 15th the Board Palmer. The Liberal Association was also active in ' appointed Mr. Arthur Bottomley, chief assistant clerk its support of the Bill, and several highly successful to the Salford Union for eight years, as his successor. ward meetings were organized. The more the Bill• Mr. Sutton made his last official appearance at a was discussed, the more did it commend itself to the . Board meeting on June 24th and the Guardians took unprejudiced mind, and Warrington has every reason • the opportunity on July 22nd to show their regard by to feel satisfied with the part it took in backing up presenting him with a large framed portrait of himself. the Government in this bold yet eminently reasonable In accepting the gift Mr. Sutton gave a highly inter- attempt to tackle a great monopoly. Great indig- i esting autobiographical sketch. He carries with him nation was aroused by the House of Lords' con- i the good wishes of all Warringtonians in his well- teniptuous rejection of the measure and the Citizens' : earned retirement. Unfortunately the Workhouse is League lost no time in calling a public meeting to l' at present in an overcrowded state and at the next voice the feelings of temeerance reformers. This I meeting the Guardians will be asked to approve demonstration took place in the Parr Hall on ; a scheme for the erection of a new infirm block at a December 12th, Mr. Stephen Walsh, M.P. being the ' cost of £8,430. There has been considerable discus- chief speaker, and while the action of the Lords was; sion on the subject of the Private Fund Account, deplored and condemned, the emphatio declaration of i accumulated from the interest accruing on the general the Premier, uttered the previous night, tha the account, which has hitherto been used to defray various qnestion of the veto of the Upper House is now to be : items of expenditure. It has been contended that ' regarded as the dominating issue in politics, was 1 while many of the payments are perfectly legal and , cordially welcomed as a rallying-cry. The Band of legitimate, others wculd not have passed the scrutiny Hope Union continues its noble work amongst the lof the Local Government Board auditor. As a matter rising generation and Temperance Sunday was lof fact, that official called attention to the existence of observed by the holding of a successful Public meet- the account, explanations were asked for, and at a ' ing in the Parr Hall on November 7th. meeting on July Bth the Board decided to have a full , There has not been much political propaganda at investigation of the receipts and expenditure extending this end of the Knutsford division during the past lover the past five years.A return was prepared but on year, the difficulty of reaching all parts of the large November 11th, on the instigation of Mrs. Coiling- and scattered constituency making it impossible to wood, the Clerk was requested to obtain some further hold many meetings. However, the Liberal organize- information. This was presented in due course and tion is being kept in thorough working order and on November 25th, after a long discussion, the Board , there is general satisfaction with the admirable and formally decided to doe° the matter. In the mean- conscientious way in-which Mr. A. J. King, M.P. has time the fund had been dispensed with. represented the division at Westminster. On The past year has been a momentous one for our , September 12th Mr. and Mrs. Ziba Armitage enter- citizen soldiers, for it has witnessed the passing of tamed a representative gathering of Liberals at the Volunteers and the inauguration of the Territorial Newton Bank and Mr. King took the opportunity to I Force under Mr. Haldane's scheme. The final parade deliver a concise yet powerful address on the excel-10f the Ist V.B. South Lancashire Regiment, as lent work accomplished by the Government. Con- ' Volunteers, teok place on April 4th but afterwards a siderable regret has been occasioned by the recent large number of men re-enlisted as Territorials. The retirement of Mr. Joseph Smith, the genial and strength of the battalion—now the 4th V.B. South respected registration agent, after many years devoted Lancashsire Regttnent—stands at 708 out of a total service. establishinapt strength of 1,009. Colonel J.A. Edelsten In municipal circles the year has not brought forth resigned the commandership on receiving the anything extraordinary but steady progress is to be important appointment of first secretary of the West chronicled. An achievement which deserves to be Lancashire County Association,and has been succeeded written large in the history of the borough was the by Colonel J. D. Fairclough. completion in April, after many years' waitin' gof the In the history of the Warrington Infirmary and widening of Bridge-street. Warrington now boasts a Dispensary the year 1903 has marked an important main thoroughfare which in appearance and con- epoch. The new pavilion and nurses' home erected venience will compare favourably with the streets of and furnished at a cost of about £16,000 were formally most industrial towns of a similar size. In August the opened on March 19th by Lord Cross, in the presence Council awarded premiums for the best designs for the of a large and distinguished gathering, and Warring' proposed Circus at Market-gate,and when the additional ton may now pride itself upon possessing an institution improvement is effected the appearance of this central thoroughly adequate to the needs of a large industrial and busy spot will be thoroughly worthy of a pro- community. The extension, however, involves a 1 gressive borough. Warrington Bridge still remains greatly increased annual maintenance expenditure, but to be dealt with. At the June Council meeting the we have little doubt that the inhabitants of Warring-' Borough Surveyor was instructed to report on a fresh ton —ever ready to support good works—will rise to scheme for the reconstruction of the bridge and it was the occasion and see that the usefulness of the institu- understood that the Council had a girder bridge in tion is not hampered or limited through lack of funds. view. However, nothing definite came of this, until The Workiugmen's Committee does nobly in collecting the beginning of the present month when the General the small weakly subscriptions from the employees of I Purposes Committee decided to obtain estimates for the the various wooks and last year was instrumental in , erection of a new iron bridge 8011. and 60ft, wide raising just over £l,OOO. respectfully. It is to be hoped that this much needed An important addition to Warrington's improvement will not be much longer delayed,for theme numerous organization was made in the formation of is general agreement as to the utter inadequacy of the a Parliamentary Debating Society which held its first , present structure to cope with the great volume of debate on January 30th. The Liberals have held , traffic. Another proposal which has received much office for the first session and have succeeded in 'attention is tbe p, ovisipn of a footbridge at Howley carrying Licensing, Education, Home Rule, Old Age which would furnish a ready "Loans of access to Pensions, Nationalization of Railways, and Taxation Victoria Park. At its July meeting the Council of Land Values Dills —a record of which they have every decided to proceed forthwith to erect such a bridge, reason to be proud. The Society is undoubtedly but difficulties arose as to the site, and the matter has fulfilling a most useful purpose in improving the got no " forrader," except that the General Purposes political education of young men of all parties and Committee have now passed a resolution that the training them in the art of public speaking. bridge be erected at once. At its January meeting Warrington's first Musical Festival was held at the Parr Hall on the Council discussed a novel resolution by Councillor ,li.' May 23rd, and proved a gratifying success. Stott expressing the opinion that Corporations ought c'4iorat reachedlittnnttest for t rill the ioloi especiallyslceieville(3b a en to be granted powers to undertake the supply of coal we hope the festival will hold a pegremasneent shield, and and to purchase coal mines. The proposal was amongst the movements for the advancement of musical defeated by 11 votes to 6. The result of the arbitra- culture. tion proceedings in connection with the famous Lawson Early in the year another organization with very contract was made known on January 13th, when it commendable objects was successfully launched, namely was found that the arbitrator (Mr. Henry Hill the Warrington Adult School which held its first meet- ingaf.l C.E.,) had decided that Mr. Lawson should pay sectarianon S anal ay J. etea ntuoa r y servesththe Ipturpisoseesnotifrael yennuLlie- -11,432 to the Corporation and a considerable sum in brotherhood, encouraging Bible study and also fmprov- costs. Proceedings in the Scotch Court of Session ing the general education of its members. followed, and the Corporation obtained judgment Warrington had at the opening of the year to bid against Mr. Lawson for this amount with 5 per cent. good-bye to one of its most honoured townsmen—Mr. interest. In February the Council adopted a resolu- Frederick Monks—who left the town in whose progress tion by Councillor Pemberton to provide four mh he nhtas aptl a yseodu soul c ho rta prot em i nweasn t peanrtte t o ilni ev ri inb re t i rile. additional public bowling greens,aud preliminary steps Warrington Society at a complimentary banquetyat tthee are now being taken with a view to putting it into effect. Old Academy on January 9th, and delivered a speech Something of a sensation was created by the introduction full of interesting reminiscences. at the April meeting of a Budget calling for an increase One of the most notable functions of the year was of 10d. in the rates. The Council adopted the unusual the opening of the new Geaeral Post Office in Springfield course of adjourning for a week and referring the Street. The Right Hon. Sydney Buxton, M.P., Post- estimates back to the various commtttees with a view master General ,performed this interesting ceremony on

===== 0002601_19090102_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
MUI

er, Saturday, January 2, 1909.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
to effecting economies. When the adjourned meeting was held it was reported that none of the committees could make substantial reductions in their demands, but the Electricity and Tramways Committee had decided to make a grant of £2,000 and therefore an increase of Bd. in2tead of 10d. would be necessary. The rates consequently stand at is. Bd. in the £. An important step, which it is hoped will prove of great advantage to the town, was taken in July, when the Council sanctioned the formation of a Towns Corn:

===== 0002601_19090102_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
July 23rd and afterwards he was the gnest at luncheon Division. On April 15" th Mr. Peter Wells, for many of Mr. A. H. Crosfl'"ld• MX-, who also entertained a years with Messrs. Peter Walker and Sons, passed away. large gathering a manufacturers and other prominent Mr. J. H. W. Clindinning, a frequent contributor to the townsmen in the Parr Hall. As Mr. Baxton well said, "Examiner " under the noin-de-plume of" Ina" and Warrington is fortunate in having such a fine bnilding a student of astronomy, died on June Bth; Mrs. Hy. in its midst, in fact Mr. Buxton said he doubted if Collin passed away on June 17th; and Mrs. Ellen Booth, there was another Post o:fice throughout England Stockton Heath's oldest inhabitant, on the 30th of that which would be able to match it in the various coriveni- month. On July 4th the death occurred of Mr. Christopher 'enoes and advantages. The cost of the building was Plunkett, master tailor at Orford Barracks. In August £16,000. ' , the obituary included: Mr. T. R. Shepherd, a retired The movement for providing recreative facilities for ' solicitor; Mr. John Maginn, J.P., one of Warrington's the working classes continues to make good progress. self-made men and a staunch progressive- and Mr. H. On Saturday, July 11th, the new Social and Recreation N. Houghton, a devoted Churchman. In September Club established in connection with Whitecross Works there passed away: Mr. Alfred Scattergood, a well- was formally opened by Sir J. T. Brunner, Bart, M.P. known vocalist; Mr. Reginald H. Silcock, a prominent The members of Messrs. Rylands Bros. Recreation Club. Wesleyan and a member of the Musical Society ; Mr. I have erected a strikingly handsome and well-equipped Josiah Furness,. of Great Sankey; and the Rev. J. , ' pavilion at a cost of £3,000, and it was opened on Calvert, Primitive Methodist minister, at one time October 31st by Mr. W. Peter Rylands. i stationed at Warrington. In October the deaths The fine brass band of the Perfection Soap Works occurred of Mrs. J. C. Thompson, Bold-street; Miss has had a most successful year. Among its brilliant Elizabeth Clarke, a pioneer of total abstinence ; and victories were the securing of the first prize at the Mr. Joseph Potter, for maey years one of the pro- Welsh National Eisteddfod at Llangollen on September Prietors of the Royal Court Theatre. sth, third prize in the great Belle Vua contest on A memorial tablet to the late Alderman John Roberts September 7th, and second prize in the national •corn- was unveiled at St. Peter's Church on May 3rd and petition at the Crystal Palace on September 26th. The a tablet to the memory of the late Rev. E. J. Willcocks last achievement was hailed with particular satisfaction was unveiled at the Boteler Grammar School on and it was fittingly recognized on October 10th,when Ir. November 19th. 'A. H. Crosfleld, M.P. entertained the band at dinner at We regret that during the year trade has been far the works. The presentation of the cup took place at from brisk, but owing to its great number and variety the Hippodrome on October 23rd in the presence of a of industries Warrington has fortunately not suffered very large assembly. to the same extent as some towns from the prevailing The Co-operative movement in Warrington has made depression. Unemployment has, however, reached rapid strides during this year, and in July a contract such dimensions that the Distress Committee at its for the re-building of the central premises in Sankey- poor meeting passed a resolution urging the Corpora- street at a cost of £14,000 was accepted. tion to undertake works of utility to provide occupa- A hard-working and popular Labour leader in the . tions for the workless. A committee, consisting of the person of Councillor Fred Stott, left Warrington on ' Chairman of the Committees of the Council, was August 22nd to try his fortunes in New Zealand. At a appainted to take the matter in hand. It is our earnest social gathering, addressed by Mr. J. A. Seddon, M.P. hope that the year which has just dawned will early and others, he was presented with a handsome testi- : w!tness•an improvement and that increased prosperity menial from his fellow-townsmen, in the form of a ! will be the lot of the town and its inhabitants during purse of gold, a framed copy of a recently-painted ; 1509. picture of the Town Council, and two valuable books I n subje3ta appertaining to his trade. Honour was done to the memory of an artist who had close associations with Warrington—the late Nlr.George Sheffield—by the holding of an exhibition of his works at the Municipal Art Gallery, in I'day. Over 170 pictures illustrating the artist's many and varied styles of work were got together and in opening the exhibition on May 12th Mr. A. H. Crosfleld, M.P. paid a striking tribute to Sheffield, particularly emphasising the breadth of vision and force of imagination which were two of his greatest qualities.

The Garden Stiburbs scheme, which is fraught with such great possibilities for the well-being of the com- munity, has made an important forward move this year. The company has secured two admirable sites at Great Sankey and Grappenhall and Thursday, October Ist, witnessed the laying of the corner stones of the first four houses to be erected on the Sankey estate. The event was favoured with an ideal diy, there was a largo and representative attendance, and this happy beginning should augur. well for the ultimate sucoess of

the enterprise. The chief ceremonies of the day wore performed by Lady Greenell, as representing the local interest in the movement, and Mr. Ebonzer oward,the Sounder of the. Garden City and the pioneer of the great ideal Whla& is Making such marked progress thoughout the country. The subject of how best to alleviate genuine cases of distress has occupied special attention, and a meeting was held at the Town Hall on October 13th to con- sider the formation of a Civic League of Help—" to awaken the civic and communal conscience with regard to the existence of preventable poverty and misery and to establish a system of communal action for the purpose of mitigating or alleviating the same. After several interesting addresses, a Provisional Com- mittee was appointed to make investigations. After twenty-eight yeaz s' service as a member of the Warrington Police Force Superintendent Monaghan has retired on pension. He has distinguished himself as a particularly smart detective officer, while his geniality has won the goodwill of all. On November sth he was the recipient of an address a gold watch and chain with pendant, a gold ring arid other articles as a testi- monial from the townspeople, while the Borough magis- trates showed their regard and appreciation by presenting him with a smoker's cabinet. Police- Inspector Smith retired on November 20th after 26 years' excellent service in Warrington and Cheshire. In the realm of sport the past year has not witnessed much of exceptional interest. The football season which ended on May 2nd was not one of great achieve- ments for the Warrington Club. Half-a-dozen cups were competed for but not one fell to the prowess of the Wirepullers and they had to surrender the Northern Union Cup gained the previous year. Warrington, how- ever, did fairly well in nearly every competition, winning 23 out of 37 matches. The outstanding event of the present season has been the visit of the Australians (" The Kangaroos ") who were beaten at Wilderspool to the tune of ten points to three, after a hard game. Subsequently the visitors were entertained at the Lion Hotel when the speakers included Mr. A. H. Crosfleld, M.P., vvho spoke highly of the distinctions gained by the Colonials in various branches of sport. The final for the Warring- ton Works Competition, which was decided on May 2nd, resulted in a victory for Rylands' Bros. over Crosfield's by twelve points to three. The Warrington Cricket Club failed to gain League honours and out of 21 matches played they won seven, lost aight, rind six were drawn or abandoned. Although their League achievements wore somewhat mediocre, they proved themselves capable of holding their own against Some of the best teams in the district.. Cresswell, the pro- fessional, carried off the prize offered by the West Lancashire League for the best bowling analysis, for the third year in succession. The Works Cricket Com- petition was won by the Pearson and Knowles team who defeated Walker's Brewery without much difficulty. The ancient game of bowls continues to increase in popularity in Warrington and the town has become quite famous of late for the excellence of its bowling talent. The Bull's Head team had a remarkably success- ful season. In the final of the Lancashire and Cheshire Club championship they were opposed to their old rivals, the Cemetery team, and after an exciting encounter, succeeded in beating them by 21 points. The championship of the Warrington and District League vvas also carried off by Bull's Head who accounted for Rylands' Bros. by 20 points. P. Ellison, a well-known member of the Cemetery team, had the honour of winning the individual merit championship of Lancashire and Cheshire The county prizes were distributed by Mr. A. 11. Crosfield, M.P. (the president) at the annual dinner of the Lancashire and Cheshire Association held in Manchester on October 31st,and with Warringtonians figuring so prominently in the prize list it was especially appropriate that they should receive their awards at the hands of the Borough Member. The Warrington Works Bowling Association has done splendid work in encouraging the game amongst the employees of the local works and the Whitecross team is to be congratulated on winning the championship for the second year in succession. The final with L. and N.-W. was one of the keenest ever witnessed on a Warrington green, the wire men proving the victors by the narrow margin of 7 points. There have been numerous events of interest in the religious world. The pastorate of Golborne-street Baptist Church, rendered vacant by the removal to Liverpool of the Rev. H. Dunnico, was filled in Febru- ary by the armointment of the Rev. R. E. Letheren, who came to Warrington with a record of much useful work at IS'ingsthorpe. The recognition meeting was held on March 20th and was an encouraging inaugura- tion of what is .likely to prove a most successful ministry. The Primitive Methodists of the Liverpool District held their Synod at Warrington in May and the representatives, who came from circuits covering a very large area,were received by 'he Mayor (Alderman Smothnrst). The Rev. G. W. Dickinson was instituted and inducted to the living of Christ Church, Padget°, on May 12th. A particularly notable event was the pre- sentation of a portrait and illuminated address to the Rey. Canon Penrhyn, Rector of Winwicic, on May 22nd, in celebration of his 80th birthday and 50 years in holy orders. A Warrington branch of the Young Women's Christian Association was formed on May 25th. A handsome new organ was opened at Penketh Wesleyan Church on September 10th. The newly-appointed ministers of the Warrington Wesleyan Circuit—the ROTS. E. Blanshard Keeling, Thomas Gladding and F. Welwyn Kernick—received a hearty greeting at the circuit recognition meeting on Septem- ber 17th. Dr. Campbell Morgan, the eminent preacher, visited Wycliffe Congregational Church on October 16th, and preached two powerful sermons. The Rev. John Yonge, the respected pastor of Wycliffe Church, celebrated his seventieth birthday on October 23rd, and tbe occasion was fittingly recognized at Wycliffe by the holding of an" At Home" and congratulatory meeting. The new Church of St. Marsaret and All Hallows' erected at Orford at a cost of £l,OOO, was consecrated by the Bishop of Liverpool on October 31st, and the Rev. G. Vale Owen was instituted to the benefice on December 14th. The Rev. J. F. Matthews, the energetic pastor of Latchford Baptist Church, was on November 30th unanimously chosen for the pastorate of Glossop-road Baptist Church, Sheffield, and accepted the invitation. He has been a force in the Free Church life of Warrington, and be will leave the town with the sincere good wishes of friends of all denominations. The Very Rev. J. P: Whittle, 0.5.8., Rector of St. Alban's, Warrington, celebrated the jubilee of his monastic profession on December 15th, and was pre- sented with an illuminated address and a purse contain- ing a cheque for £l4O. The year's doath-roll is a heavy one. During January there passed away : Mr. John Pattison, Warrington's oldest male inhabitant; Mr. John Griffiths, formerly manager of the iron department at the works of Messrs. Pearson and Knowles; Mr. E. W. Woods; Mr. Henry Hill, a well known Forester ; Miss Willis, daughter of the Rector of Warrington • Mr. S. M. Crosfleld, at one time a prominent cricketer; and Mr. Robert Lowe, Manchester-rd. In February the deaths occurred of DJ'. Braide, late medical officer at the Workhouse ; Mrs. E. Eddovves Mr. R. A. Naylor, head of the firm of Messrs. R. A. Naylor, Ltd.; and the Rev. A. Dignurn, missionary well known to many Warrington people and formerly connected with Wycliffe Church. During March the obituary included: Miss Pierpoint (St. Austin's) ; Mr. W. D. Houghton, chairman and managing director of the firm of W. D. Houghton, Sankey Wire Mille ; Mr. Geo. Wright (Royal Court Hotel) ; ani Colonel Richard Pilkington, ex-member for the Newton

===== 0002601_19090102_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
THE INFIRMARY BALL.

Successful Function at the Parr Hall.

The Parr Hall was on Tuesday evening the scene of a highly successful function—the annual ball in aid of the funds of the Warrington Infirmary and Dispensary. Notwithstanding the wintry weather and the heavy state of the roads, which made it impossible for a number of ladies and gentlemen living outside the town to be present, the attendance was well up to the average' and it is hoped that the receipts, includ- ing special donations, will establish a record. The need for increased funds was never more urgent, for the enlargement of the institution will, it is estimated, entail an annual expenditure of -1,500; and the assured income is only ;£B5O. The annual ball is one of the means by which this heavy liability 1$ met,. and a special appeal on behalf of this deserving edort has met with an _encouraging response. Admirable arrangements for the ball had been made by a ladies' committee consisting of the following: —Mrs. Pickrnere (president), the Mayoress (Mrs. Forshaw), Lady Greenai, Mrs. Airey, Mrs. Armitage, Mrs A. S. Bleckly, Mrs. Broadbent, Mrs. J. D. Buckton, Mrs. Coxon, Mrs. George Dakin, Mrs. Edelsten, Mrs. Edridg,e, Mrs. aohnFairclough, Mrs. Henry Gmeenall, Mrs. Hutton, Mrs. Long, Miss Massy, Mrs. Monks, Mrs J. Charlton Parr, Mrs. H. V. Pigot, Mrs. W. P. Rylancls, Mrs John White, and Mrs. Willis. The stewards were :—Captain Appleton Dr. Bowden, Major Bundock, Colonel Edelsten, Appleton, Edridge, Lieutenant-Colonel Fairclough, Dr. Edward Fox, Mr. H. Greenall, Mr. Roger C. Parr, and Mr. W. Peter Rylands.—A special word of praise is due to Captain G. R. Crosfield, the hon. secretary of the Ball Committee, for his indefatigable labours to promote the success of the function.

Mr. Ralph Johnson provided a special dancing floor, which added much to the comfort and enjoy- ment of the dancers, and he was responsible for the artistic decorations, the hall presenting s beautiful picture. An admirable programme of dance music was submitted by Mr. W. P. Bayley's band, of Liverpool, which had been augmented for the occasion. The Winmarleigh Cafe Company had charge of the catering which gave every satisfaction. The heating of the hall, thanks to Mr. Powis, the hall keeper, was perfect. It was a matter for regret that owing to indisposi- tion Mrs. Pickmere, the esteemed president of the Ladies' Committee, was unable to attend. The following is a list of those present : Captain Appleton Mr. T. M. Hutton (Edin.) Mr. P. T. Anderson (Octac- Miss Hutchings (Bowdon) mund, South India) Mr. W. Piers Jones Mr. W. E. Atkin Mr. A. 13. Layton Captain and Mrs. Bock Mr. R. H. Lapage Mr. Joe Boumphrey Miss Lloyd Sir. R. Boumphrey Mr. A. Lister-Kaye Miss Brown Miss R. Lister-Kaye Captain Byrom-Grounds Miss Lister-Kaye Mr. Edgar Broadbent (Sth Miss Knowles Hussars) Mr. Miles Kenyon Miss Bay Broadbent Mr. F. W. Monks Miss Sylvia Broadbent Mr. Austen J. Monks Miss Bartlett Miss Dorothy Monks Miss Bnning Mr. F. Remind Monks Mr. A. H. Crosfleld, M.P. Miss Markel and Mrs. Crosfield Mr. T. A. Mosse Major-General Cooke Dr. Mainwaring-White Mrs. and Miss Chapman Mrs. Charles Miller Captain G. R. Crosfield Miss L. Miller Miss Edith Cropper Mr. J. Moon Mr. Collins Miss Neath Mr. Croft Mr. Reuben Norton Mr. Collrnan Mr. L. G. Norton Mr. and Mrs. John Coxon Miss Norton Miss Nellie Davies Mr. H. Owen _

Mr. V. Dakin --- Miss Rose Dakin Mr. Norris Dutton Col. and Mrs. Edelsten— Major Edridge Miss M. Evelyn Alderman and Mrs.Forshavv (Mayor and Mayoress of Warrington) Lieut.-Colonel and Mrs. J. D. Fa,irclough Mr. Harry Fairclough Miss Margaret Fairclough Mr. Lionel Fairclough Miss Mabel Fairclough Miss M. Fairclough Major and Mrs. Brereton Fairclough Mrs. John Fairclough Miss Marjorie Fairclough Mr. Egerton Fairclough Mr. and Mrs. Aylmer Frost Dr. and Mrs. E. Fos Mr. and Mrs. H. Greenall Mr. E. E. Greenall Mrs. Gorton Miss Gorton Miss Mary Gornall Mr. W. T. Gornall Mr. and Mrs. Cyril Gough Miss M. Greenshields Mr. James Harvey, jun. Mr. & Mrs. Robert Hutton Miss Hutton

Jr. Geoffrey Owen Miss Owen Mrs. Parr Miss Parr Mr. Roger C. Parr Mr. Bernard Peters Rev. H. V. and Mrs. Pi-got Miss Pigot Miss M. G. Pigot Mr. A. P. V. Pigot Mr.& Mrs.W.Peter Rylands Mr. R. M. Roberts Mr. L. R. Rowson Miss K. Robinson Mr. T. Ridgway Mrs. Ed. Speakman Mr. Spoakman Mr. Slack Mr. & Mrs. Clanghton Scott Lieut. Sparrow, R.N. Miss Sparrow (Cambridge) Miss Stotherfoht Miss H. Sandbach Mr. F. L. Tillotson Mr. Max Woods Miss Whalley Mr. Arthur Wood Mr. C. Williamson Mr. E. Wesche (S.L. Regt.) Mr. H. G. Watkin Mr. A. E. Watkin Miss Willock Mr. and Mrs. Watts

Mr:

Miss T. Hutton

Mr. E. L. Wright

===== 0002601_19090102_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CHARGE AGAINST MR. LOUIS

HENSHALL.

Another Remand.

The Warrington Police Court was crowded on Monday when Mr. Louis Henshall, Runnymede, Stockton Heath, director and manager of Messrs. R. A. Naylor, Ltd., timber merchau ts, Howley Mills, surrendered to his bail on the charge of stealing £79 Os., the money of the firm. The case has aroused considerable interest in the town and many people were unable to gain admittance to the Court. The Mayor (Alderman Forsbaw) presided, and the other magistrates on the bench were Alderman Tinnion, CounciliGrs Wilkinson and Evans Messrs. S. Wright, H. Thornton, W. Roberts, G. Pilling, A. J. Jolley, T. Locker, and W. Furness.

Mr. P. A. Padtnore, of Messrs. Tatham, Worthington and Co., Manchester, appeared for the prosecution, and said it was not the intention to offer any evidence that day He, therefore, asked for a further remand. Mr. Steel, for the defence, suggested that the case should be adjourned till Friday next, January Bth, and this was agreed to. Mr. Elenshall was then remanded, and _bail was allowed as before, himself in .F.,1,000 and two sureties of £OO.

Street Accident In Sankey-street. On Sunday afternoon, Ann Sankey, a married woman, aged 58 years, residing at 63, Garibaldi- street, was walking alone Sankey-street when she slipped, and severely injured her right leg. P.C. Dennett rendered first aid, and afterwards conveyed her to the Infirmary.

For all Chronic Chest Complaints, take Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. is. lid., 2s. ed.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
PENSIONS DAY.

FIRST PAYMENTS AT WARRINGTON.

New Year's Day of 1909 *ill have a special claim to remembrance. It brought gladness to the hearts of many thousands of the aged poor' for the long- awaited Pensions Day had arived at last, and those people of seventy and upwards who had been able to satisfy the Pensi ons Committees of the genuineness of their claims had only to present their orders at any Post:Office to receive their first allowance under the beneficent Act of the present Liberal Government. Eight o'clock yesterday morning found the officials at the Warrington Head Post Office, with an adequate supply of silver, ready to attend to all pensioners who chose to claim what is now, happily, their right. It was also the day for the payment of army pensions so that a busy time was in prospect. There was no rush of applicants such as many offices in larger centres experienced,and when an" Examiner" representative arrived on the scene a few minutes before' eight o'clock the office had a deserted appearance, as far as the attendance of the public was concerned. People bent on various business errands soon began to pass to and fro, but no pensioners. At about 8.15, however, a woman of the working-class was seen approaching the building with an air of inquiry and timidity which suggested that the object of her visit was something out of the ordinary. It transpired that she herself was not an applicant but had come to draw a pension for her bed-ridden mother who is eighty years of age. On leaving the office she waxed enthusiastic about the kind and obliging way in which she had been treated by the officials, but was a little crest-fallen on finding that she had omitted one of the necessary formalities and would have to make a journey home to obtain the signature of her mother before the pension could be paid. However, the occasion was worthy of a special effort, for, as she remarked, the ss. would come in very useful to provide" a little nourishment "for the mother, and she cheerfully retraced her steps. Shortly before nine o'clock an old lady, who walked very briskly considering her weight of years, pre- sented an order. To her was to belong the distinctioa of being the first pensioner to be paid at the Warring-- ton office. Her name is Mrs. Eliza Kelly, and she is- eighty-three years of age and resides with her son,. Mr. John Kelly, the caretaker of the District Bank, Sankey-street. She, too, had to make a doable journey, for as she was unable to sign the receipt— there were not many scholars when I was a girl" she told our representative—she had to bring her son as a witness. However, the rules were duly com- plied with and at a quarter-past nine Mrs. Kelly left the office with her ss. pension, proud of the fact that she was "the first on the list" for Warrington. She is remarkably active and well preserved for her - advanced age and few better instances could be afforded of the deserving cases which the Act is intended to benefit. Mrs. Kelly, who is a native of Darleston, Staffordshire, lost her husband many years aqo but she has faced life's difficulties bravely and is now the honoured head of four generations. She brought Ul3 a family of ten but unfortunately only four of her children now survive. Mrs. Kelly can, of course, narrate interesting- recollections of the old days, and altogether she is a thoroughly worthy recipient of Warrington's first pension. The ladies quite on-did the sterner sex in the punctuality of their applications. The second pensioner to receive her ss. was Mrs. Anderson, a widow, 69,. Padgate-lane, who was accompanied by her daughter. She will be 82 years of age on the 14th of this month. Mrs. Sarah Worrall, widow, 26, Howard-street, was the third recipient, her pension also being ss. She was too feeble to attend personally—she has not been "up town"for five years—and the pension was paid to her married daughter on her behalf.

The first male—applicant wa;Yr-.-.William Garnett, 10, Porter-street, Howley, who is 73 years of age. There was some little informality about his order but. when this had been rectified at the Inland Revenue. office he received his ss. and went on his way rejoicing. Mr. Garnett is a most interesting personality. He appears to be hale and hearty, carries himself well, and willingly conversed about his erperiences. He is a widower and lives with a married daughter. Mr. Garnett is a native of" the good old town" and can recall the time when one policeman sufficad to preserve law and order here. He also speaks longingly of those far-off days when the Mersey was a clear stream abounding in fish and he just remembers the- building of the present Warrington Bridge. As a boy he witnessed the launching of a coasting vessel at Howley and later he was present when the ship " Tayleur " started its ill-fated career. Mr. Garnett begin 'work at Messrs. Hadfield's cotton factory at Latchford at an early age.At that time there were nine cotton mills in Warrington but the cotton famine of 1860 was disastrous occurrence for them and only the Cockhedge factory now-survives. In later life Mr. Garnett was greengrocer and it is only during the past twelve months or so that he has not followed any occupation.

TS a suggestion that the pension would no doubt prove a boon, Mr. Garnett readly responded " Yes, it will be very welcome." Every consideration has been shown for the convenience of pensioners, and one evidence of this is that pensions are made piyable at any branch offices Which the recipients may select. This, of course, considerably relieved the pressure at the head office. and accounted for the comparatively small number of applications there.

Lip to last evening 61 pensions had been paid at the head office, totalling ,£l5 2s. MEETING OF THE W.M.INGTON COMMITTEE. A meeting of the Warrington Pensions Committee was held at the Town Hall on Wednesday, the Mayor presiding. Thirty-four additional claims were dealt with as follows • —22 pensions of 53. per week were granted ; one of 3s. per week; one of 23. per week .10 cases adjourned. Up to the present time the Committee have dealt with 522 cases, of which about 80 have been disallowed, mostly on the ground of Poor Law Relief having been received. In some few cases applicants were in possession of an income above the statutory amount of 5:31 10s., and in others. the applicants were unable to prove their age to the satisfaction of the Committee. The pensions allowed total about ..-c.:112 per week. It was resolved. —That the best thanks of the com- mittee be given to the kcal supervisor of Inland Revenue for the courtesy they have experienced in all communications with him, and that they also place on record their appreciation of the work done by the- local pensions officers (Messrs. William Price and J. A. Westcott) whose careful and detailed investigations have greatly facilitated the work of the committee. Messrs. Price and Westeott suitably acknowledged the resolution, and expressed their great indebtedness- to the officials of the Town Clerk's department for the assistance they had afforded.

523,488 JOYFUL HEARTS. A GENERAL SURVEY. All pensioners have been supplied with a book of thirteen coupons, which are payable at the rate of one each week, or in batches if presented within three months ef the face date. It is practicable, therefore, for a pensioner to save up the coupons so as to provide a fund with which to meet a payment as high, in the case of a ss. weekly pension, as £3 55., a maximum of thirteen coupons being presentable at once if matured but not out of date.

It is estimated that the total number of old age pensioners for the United Kingdom up-to-date is 523,488. Even allowing for the abnormal death-rate which naturally occurs among people who have reached or passed seventy years, those figures will he augmented and Mr. Asquith's estimate is that fully 600,000 old pensioners will be receiving State payments during 1909. For these, the Chancellor of the Exchequor allows an expenditure of £6,500,000 during the year, or an average of £125,000 a week. According to these figures the average pension will be about 4s. per head. There has been an enormous demand for silver coinage this week by the Post Office, the pensions being paid in multiple of Is. from ss. downwards. It was calculated that by yesterday morning 26,4251 b. of silver coins, presuming it to be new money, would have been despatched from the Mint. If in shillings, the coins placed one above another would make a ptle consider-- ably over two miles high and numbering 2,114,000. Week by week this extraordinary payment in silver coins will increase.

===== 0002601_19090102_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
IN MEMORInT.

In ever loving memory of my dear father WILLTAM OWEN, who fell asleep December 31st 1890, aged Ti years. Gone but 'never forgotton.

For Children's tackingCmgh at Great Peppermint Cure. is. i. 2s. 9d.— Advt.

Vir brrington.—Printed and published by jonN WALKER & CO., at The Examiner General Printing Works- Bewsey-street, and published .by them at the same place, and also at The Examiner Offices, Victoria-road WIDNES-32, George-street, ST. HELENS: 3, Market Street, EARLESTOWN Church-street RUNCORN Jan. 2nd, 1.9C0.1

===== 0002601_19090102_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
1 COUNTY PALATINE OF CHESTER. i I%;OTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the next , 1 GENERAL QUARTER SESSIONS of the Peace for the COUNTY PALATINE OF CHESTER , will be holden at the CASTLE OF CHESTER, in and for the said County, on MONDAY, the 4th day of 1 JANUARY, 1909, at Half-past Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon, when the Grand Jury will be empannelled. The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Petty Sessional Divisions of Broxton, Chester Castle, Dares— bnry, Eddisbury, Nantwich, Runcorn, Winsford, and Wirral, forming the Chester District, and the trials of all prisoners committed from the last-mentioned DiViSiODS, will take place at such Sessions. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Chester District roust be in attendance at the Castle of Chester, at the Opening of the Court on MONDAY, the 4th day of January, 1909, at Ilalf-East Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. THE COURT will be Adjourned to the COURT HOUSE, KNUTSFORD. on WEDNESDAY, the 6th DAY. OF JANUARY, 1909, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Petty Sessional Divisions of Altrincharn, Bncklow, Dukinfleld, 1 Middlewich, Sandbach, Congleton, Northwich, Prest- bury and Stockport, forming the Knutsford District, 1 and the trials of all prisoners committed from such Divisions, will take place at such Adjourned Sessions. 1 The Grand and Petty Juries for the Knutsford District must be in attendance at the Court House, Knutsford, , at the Opening of the Court on WEDNESDAY, the eth day of January next, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. REGINALD purrs, Clerk of the Peace for the County of Chester. Chester, 14th December, 1908.

PALACE AND HIPPODROME, WARRINGTON. Managing Director.- - - MR. FRANZ MACNAGIITFN. 7-0 TWICE NIGHTLY 9-0 MONDAY MIXT, JANUARY 4TO, 19(.9 LOCKHART'S ELEPHANTS Including "Baby •' the most wonderful performer In the work,. THRUM ALSKARSOS, Risley Cornedims. MOLLIE AND WINE ILI 1311001 ill, Dainty Vocallste and Dancers. RUSSELL BRANDOW, Coloured Daa,ing Comedian. JOHN DONALD lathe scene "A Sco‘ttsh Exile's Dream ." LES ELGONAS, Wonderful Gymnxsts. RAYMOND'S 810-TAELEA.U.X. 3. H. GREENISH, The Premier Singing Pit Ltd. THE GARRICKS (FOUR) IN A CHARMING SONG SCENA. G.llerr, 3d. ; Early Door, 4d. Pit, 6d.; Early Door, 9d. Circle, Is.; Early Door, Is. 3d.

KENDAL, MILNE & CO.'S WINTER SALE OF DRAPERY STOCK. MONDAY, JANUARY 4TH, TO SATURDAY, JANUARY 16TH. NO CATALOGUES. GOODS NOT SENT ON APPROBATION DURING TriE SALE. LETTER 1 HAVE CAREFUL AND ORDERS j EXPEDITIOUS ATTENTION. H OURS OF BUSINESS, 830 TO G. SATURDAYS, 1. -- TFLEGRAMS KENMIL." TELEPHOF fEC.3. KENDAL, MILNE & CO. MANCHESTER.

BIRKBECK BANK. EBTIBLISHED 1851. SOUTHAMPTON BUILDINGS, HIGH HOLBORN, W.O. 2i PlllB CHM% INTHIIIIST al:owed on Deposit Amounts repsyabie onilernand. 2 Plifl MINT. INTIIIIHST on Drawing Accounts with Cheque B--ok. All General Banking Business transacted. MANA.CE, WITB FULL PARTICULE.tia, POST FRIH. C. F. RAVIttioCROPT, SRCRIETABT

- - VIE ORPORATION OF WARIUNGToN IS PRElPAiiiin to RHOIIIViI LOANS, either at tin month. notice or for a term of years. Application to be ma de to the Bouounß TuicAsuEEß, Municipal Offices. Warrington.

HAIR COMBINGS made up 2/- per os, OOVERLIITTII I TAILS OH ) FEcat HAIR FRAMHS, PURI! Yaw& 3/6 HACH. HAIR. 5/6 T El BROWN, 3, LHIIOI3 ST (OAR STATION), LIVHRPOOL.

NT fl EW JA K 2 GRAHAM FOR GRAMOPHONES AND PHONOGRAPHS.

EAR PRESENTS. The Present that will be a lasting pleaeur, for all time 13 a Illt.lllo. PHONH on PHONOGHAPII. Splendid Stock of Machh,es and Records to suit all purses. The efon&rful new EDISON ItHCOFID, PLAYS OVER 4 MINUTES. Call or write fktr 76, RENSHA W SfR&ET, S.: 271, PARK ROAD, Llvußrom,.

A NYONE GIVING INFORMATION OF P. COGHLAN, formerly a Pro•ision 13,31,r in Market st., Barlestown, will he aultsOly rewarded.— Apply Box, H. N., " Bxaminer " °Woe, Warrington.

INCOME TAX. If you want Reliable Assistance or Advice about your INCOME TAN. ASSESSMENT call upon or write JOSEPH DIXON, F.A.A., IS, MARSDEN STREET, WIGAN. Income Tax Specialist.

y EFF-OFF CLOTHING, &c., BOUGHT.—BEST PRICE for parcels forwarded ; if not approved Goods Returned, CAIIIIIAURPAID. Second-hand DRESS suns, MILITARY, IiIIiATRICAL BAND UNIFORMS. LIVERIES, ARMY TENTS,SaIe or Hire GENT'S MISFIT SUITS at THIRD COST PRICE. LADIES' EVENING DRESSES. COSTUMES, BLOUSES. GIiNT'S FUR-LINED and FROCK COATS. PORTMANTRAUS, 2nd-band. Very low prices. ARMY ROUS S.B kiIIZTS .BLUOHS , W 1?1, LING- EONS. CARDIGANS, OILSICP4S, POLIQH CAPES, GORMAN'S, 326, 328, and 343, Deansgate, Manchester. Estxbliehed 50 Years. Telephone No 413

IT'S TECHNICAL TRAINING THAT COUNTS. TilE I.C.S. CAN MAR YOU EXPERT in K your chosen line of work, whether you live in the city or the village; it can help you, whether you work at the (orgy, the bench or the desk. Booklets and all Darticu'are tree. Write or apply stating trade, to Mr. C, INTFIRNATIORAL CORIII.SPONDTINCE SCHOOL?, WINMAILLBIEII4 CHAMBERS, SPRINGFIELD STREET, WARRINGTON.

TVHI4 LIVRRPOOL INSTITUTH OF 111,11011tICITY. DO YOU t,UFABR from liheumatism, Sciatica, Insomnia, Nervous Prostration, Loss of bltmory. Paralysis. Dearness, Neuralgia, Stammering, Pains in the Head and Back, Depreskion of Spirits, Dimness of Sight, Dcea 1 of Future Brent's, Nervous Timidity ? ALL NItiIVOUS and MPNTAL DI aORDINIIS CURHD by Dr. Wisher, , Brain and Nerve Specialist, 90, Princee-rd., LIVARPOOL. 10 to 3 and 5 to 8 p.m. Modern Scientific Massage and altctrceVibro Medical Massage. Illectricity. Contultations free.

TO LANDOWNIIRS AND FARMIIRS. CA :TER' GROUND LIMESTONE. This, as a MANURE and FIIRTILISTIR for Gress and Ploughed Land, is proving itself a highly tffici,nt end economical dressing. (See Lancashire County Counch's Report for 1907-8.) We are trlnding this to a line powder from pure White Limestone, containing 9-3•5 S of Carbonnta of Lime. Not siddlings from broken stone. Sent in bags to any station in lingland.—Apply JAMBS CARTER AND SONS, LTD.. BELLNIAN PARK AND SALTHILL LIMB WORKS. CLITHEROR,

FISH! FRESLI AS THE MORNING! FAMILY PAHCHLS. CLHANED ItHADY POIs COUKING. CANIIIAGH PAID. SATISFACTION GUAIIANTHIM. 6lbs. as., 9lbs. 2S. 6d., 1I11)5. 35., I4lbs. 3s. 6d., 2llbs. SS. Also Hotels, Schools, Institutions, Hawkers, Fried Flit] Shops, regularly supplied at special rates,—Address, THE GRIMSBY TOWER FISH CO., No. 13, PONTOON, GRI :dSBY.

rii EvAT FlAygs,s RESTAURANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLF..) 38, CHAPEL-STREEr. BSTIMATIIIS GIVSN, CHOIR PARTIES, PICNICS La.. TRSTIN)NIALS ?ROY ALmosr EVERY TOWN IN LANCISUIRE. Telephone 0465. THU OLDHST H3TABLISIIRD 111481:AURAN't IN TOWN.

00UNTY BOROUGH OF W A aRINGTOS.— EDUCATION OPM3IITTER. TUNDRAS are INVITHD for the soppy of :—(a) Reading and other School Books and General School and Rindergarteu Materials ; (b) rirevrood and Sawdust; (c) Soap ; (d) Fa Is ; (e) Brushes ; (I) Printing and Stationery ; and for the Cleaning of School Windows and Tuning of School Pianos. Forms of tender may be obtained and samples of (a) re-n, at the Education Office, bankey street. Warrington, from the 4th to the Bth January, 19 9 ; and of (d), (e) and (f), from the llth to the 15th January, 1909, between the hours of 9 a.m. and 5 p.m. Bducation Office, Warrington, J. MOOlll3 MURRAY, December, laos. Secretary and Director.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRING co BDUCATION COMMITT3II. SCHOOL OF ART. CLASSBS FOIL ARTS AND CRAFTS. NNXT TBRM COMMtINCES on MONDAY, the llth JANUARY. 19)9. Full puticulars may be obtained from Ups Head Master at the School to Museum Street. Bducation Office, J MOORB MURRAY. Sankey Street. Secretary and Director.

A CHOW! CILIARaTe. SUDLOVPS SPHCIAL SILK OUT CIGAHHTTM. Quaranteed Hand-made from Pure Virginian Tob.ceo, d. per oz., 26.61. per Vb. bar. T. -,upLOW & CO., QIGAR MancruNTs, lc, WINVVICKIIST., AND 65, BUTTEIHMUIIiIIT ST., WARM/NE/TON. Tel. 414 Y.

STEPHEN MOSi & SONS LIMITED, SHOEING AND GENERAL SMITiIN ALL KINDS OF AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS STEAM, GAS, AND OIL ENGINES SUPPLIED, FIXED AND REPAIRED. ALL KINDS OF WHEELS HOOPED. HOT WATER ENGINEERS, &C. WORKS: ACADEMY ETRgET, _WARRINGTON%

" MAGZEL" RAZORS ARK THE ACME OF PERFECTION. 81111101,1141, MAKE, WARRANTED: POST 71111.11 28. dd., 35., 4s. ,61)., AND. CD J. 0. DODD. 10, ST. JOHN' LAB, LIVERPOOL. Mide And Ground By BnglishiLabour. Local Agent: 3. HIMSWARTII. MarketlHall!Warrington_

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THRIBEST AND CHEAPEST :EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISI'S IN CAN/STEM. 5D., 10D., AND 18. SD., EACH WHOLESALE Er J. GEDDIN & SON. LTD, WARRINGTON. SANITARY ALTERATIONS. PMOONEY & CO., • CONTRACTORS FOR PLUMBING, DRAINING, CONCRETE,' FLAGGING. AND BRICKWORK. LOWEST PRICE 705 GOOD WORK. V', WARWICK ST., LEVER ST.. MANCHESTER. Tel. : 3679.

J. & W. DUTTON will commence their INTER • SALE on cif .0 Moaday ia. continuing to end of the month. WE only have Two Sales each year—one at the end of each Summer and Winter Season. In every business like ours it is necessary before Stocktaking to have a grand clear up, and this is the sole reason of our Annual Winter Sale. INE make heavy and substantial reductions in the price of everything in order to clear away all Season, Soiled, and Surplus Goods, before Stocktaking, and we do not buy for our Sale any of the low quality goods that are specially produced to look cheap at sales. 169 89 209 Sankey St., Warrington. Telephone No. 519.

New Year Gifts—Useful and Attractive, At the LOWEST PRICES in the Kingdom. Select from the smart Stock at the RIM Furnishing stores ••• . t Bold St., Liverpool. CASH, or EASY HIRE PORGHILST: TERMS. SPECIAL XMAS CATALOGUE and LARGE NEW ILLUSTRATED FURNISHING GUIDE (124 pages) post free on npplication.

NEW YEAR GIFTS. DOLLS, TOYS, GAMES, CUTLERY, KNIVES, FORKS, SPOONS, &c. SAM. N. GREEN, SPOT SHOP (FISH MARKET) UNEQUALLED FOR VALUE AND VARIETY.

EDITH. JEX (Seven years Head Dressmaker with Messrs. J.& W. Dutton, previously with Jay's Ltd., Regent-street, London, W.) USEFUL ARTICLES AND FANCY GOODS IN GREAT VARIETY FOR New Year Presents ALL THE LEADING NOVELTIES IN FANCY DRAPERY. INSPECTION INVITED. High.elass Dressmaker and Ladies' Outfitter. 57, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. OPPOSITE RYLANDS STREET.

DSWORTH'S PI sk NOS 59 Sankey Street, Warrington.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE, The old and trietiCgremedy that stood the te2t of. two.ggenerations, DR' J. COLLIS BROWNE'Si OHLORODYNE, Invaluable for COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, /VSTHMA NEURALGIA 11ElPUSE to be put off with it SUEsTITUTA. Tbe origiral can be had of ALL OttlirdlSTS if you show you are not weak enough to accept an itulfation. COLLIS BROWNE 13 11-114 NAME; :Is. lid., ,2s. Sd., 4s. 6d. the prices. DR. J. COLLIS !BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE.

ItsresLinucz 1833. rk•. 11 RS. I HOS. CLARKE, STATIONER AND NEWSAGENT, "REVAINTRD " 01FI014, 31 MARTCHT SITTZIRT, ?RARLRSTOWN, FANCY SPA MERRY EUITABLH FUR PRBSENTS.

flitbfral PiLliS. EfTert nal home treatmeni-, pnrticulars P.O. lei.--CANitoLL, Lsnclfeers, Bramley, Leeds.

DISCHALGING FROM HAITS POSITIVIPX OURKE) Ii 14 thy's. Perfeotly Riinless. and cheap. CARBIXOToN, 11, Church ri.. Acton, London.

LITAMMIIRISIE/ and Stuttering Cured by Mrs. CALDwELL Inititute for Ststamerers, 19, Shandwick Plae, Hdin borough. Establiebed 1902, rapid method. Testimonials irea

ECZ:llkik. wounds, ulcers, and all sl• In dleentes cured promptly acd permanently by " Bcz.molla ; wlnder- ful curcs eliectel, nothing like it ; rent post tr..?e Is. 2,1. BAILEY, Cheml.t, Blackheath, London, B. R.

117 HOOFING COUGH cured at last by " Vihrropine," a physician's remedy wed by him In his practice for the last 5 years with unfailing success, quick, safe and certain. Post free Is. 104. from C.aus, Chemist, Normanton.

Are Your Eyes Right? Or have you noticed some little sign that makes you suspect defects? If in doubt don't delay: don't wait until neglect has aggravated the defects. Let us test your eyes by the best methods known. Then. if you need them, we can supply Glasses that will give immediate comfort and Preserve good vision. ARCHER & SONS Eyesight Specialists. • 739 LORD STREET E.tb. 1843. LIVERPOOL

~ LADVEcza—REmiIaTBERI for PRESERVING your SKIN and COMPLEXION from the l ITOC:S a Yro,t, Col,: Winds and Hard Water <CO. 13 EaTIIAM'S 1. \,... ..; /7 /r n-, 0.- Lt/B ~IL# x- ''

IS UNEQUALLED: It entirely removes an ROUGHNESS, REDNESS CRAPS IRRiTATIGN. ETC., and keeps Tiw. SKIN Soft, nioetli 8: 'White ALL THE YEAR ROUND is., 2s. Gri. of all Chi-mists & Siores. Beethn.m t!.t. -Son. Cheltenham.

ILY ORIP•M, unecritlled for chapped tvinela. in jsre 8d• rnd Is. 3d.—Write for free sarnp!e, GRHFIN & Co., Chercigte, Wimbornt.

QPI.RNDII) for Aarkeninz GRHY HAIR, Is. 21. LT inzre•lients last 6 months.--liICHAIIIMS, 17, Tulketh st., Southport.

(-A TT TFIT BABY'S LONG CLOT-N, 43 articles, home k../ made. 10s 64. ; approval 2E. depo:it..-43LITIS, 15, Melling at Izngaight.

A LARW, our Early Riser ts bound to fetch yo rt up, 10 /A yearp wear, rings 15 minutes, post free Ts. 4d.— ELLIOTT. Zeweller, Cardiff.

10.0 0 0 "2Ae 19ng B-IIGOLOR'TnBv..OI62e.t; 3791 M. eWmeTpurdinutemd: —SymoNng, Printer, Pasinestoke.

9 T WATCI-1 in strong ease, excellent di 1 1 tftnekeep•r, quite new, 3 years warranty, strong elattin given.—litmorr, Jeweller, Caidiff.

&Cli Cl7liT k INS at, Maker's p-lces ; cheapest lines in the I world at Is. 61., 2... 2. 6d., up ed. per pair to 21s.—. Post free, frisAxt:s. Beetton, Nottingham.

NFORNIATION.—Four of last aLc, Levis°, MArreonbel IL Alert, Happy Hvenlng. Po-t 12s. week's wlres.—WooD, 37, Fitzroy at, Fitzroy Squ.re, London.

T) kliClAlN.—Gent's 18 Carat Rolled Gold Double Albert ; 1) best, 11Ish ; sacrifice. lEs. 6d. ; approval wflhingly.— K. 9, Broughton is., Hebden Bridge.

6 4 -PAGB BOOK ABOUT HERBS and how to use th•rn. Prat free. Send fnr onP.--Trttsrnmr.., The Herbalist. 144, Richmond rd Cardiff. RatabilshPd 1879.

L'RBE I—BOOK OF MONEY-MAKING PLANS to purehasers of Racine and scheme that made a fortune. Is. only. —P. HILL, 435. Chorlev 011 rd.. Bolton.

trANO.—Fine Iron Upright Grand ivory keys. Burr 1_ Walnut, quite net, ; cost 65 guineas ; take £23 151. for ready cesh.-14, PICRICIIRE BT., Warrington.

rILOTH BAINCOATEL—AbsoIoteIy waterproof, 16s. ltd. carrl.,ge paid. Newest shade., latest styles. Bend for pattern, &c.—W. GIitRFN & CO., 36 Bridge Find, Leeds.

VERY Special.-200 Pairs Goats Box Oat( Waking V Smart Angto-kmertean shapes, nat. an mad. Toes Es. 101 post free.—asyrnPs,Factor,Portswool. Southampton.

ETISH Wright's Beetuttiving Roln-^re-ne. Invaluable Corn. plexiont, eraekel Lips,Ohaoneci Ablointe'y genuine. Send P.O. 11.1d.-2.l,NiosEtizr RD ,Birminaham.

NIIW UPRIGHT GR t'NrT) ; rich tone 1 iron frame, latest irnnrovernents ; cost 30 guineas ; take 17 guineas; cash wanted--1, LovrEa DALLANI LOU!, Wsrrington. PIPII3 (Agricultural). moulded ancl eommon Terra Cotta, and Patent Partitions. Pamphlet on drainage post free.—Jirvaz TaoMPEoN, Terra Cotta Works Northwich.

1011IspRINT APRMIS —Beautiful designs, shaped band, deep 1 frill, 3 for 13. 61., 6 for 23 9d. ; east] with order ; oarriage paid.—Boo'rvi, Manufacturer, 19, Cannon it., Manchester.

VOR NURSRRY. Sick room, household purposes, Patent l' Vapour firlghtlight and Fool Warner, Id. for Parratin Rites 260 hours light. Flsmple 9d.—MooxLiortr, 243, Hyde rd.. Manchester.

66 riIHR Bost Book I have ever read," writes married Indy 1 " end I wish I had reea it years ay." The ilins tried mulled book sent post free from A. fIaCIVITT, 11 Gastion rd., Hammersmith.

AAT HY use Liquid Fcent ? Our Perfume Tablets impart !!r* an exquisite fragrance to handkerchiefs. linens and other materials 1., li. boxe-s.—From the Manufacturers. l'F, VINN ST., Liverpool.

TIG”TNTNG liastorer, restores grey hair natural / colour, prodoces luxuriant growth, removes dandruil, prevents hair Wiling out ; trial will nonvinee; Is. tottle, postage 4,l.—liclivanv Davimi, Shrewsbury.

MO insure a Bright and Cosy Christmas, write for 1 clovm Mnbelight IncandePeent Mantles for 3t, Carriage paid. Wonderful value —Trig MABXLIGHT MANTLE Co., 68, Southampton et.. Camberwell, Lindon,

A/rILITARY KNRII BOOTS, smart appearance, 7s. 6d. .111 per pair; Naval Knee Boots. very strong, 6s. 64. per pair ; Blucher.. ss, 64 per pair. any siz. ; carriage paid. Cash returned if not approred.—U. d. GARCON. Rye.

TIK-RUB (Ttegd ) for the Hands. Removes Grime, Grease, I Paint, &c.. in a Tick. Harmless ; leaves the skin like satin. Fors- t'ns (Id., 2d.. 3d. and Bd.), weight 3.3na ; parcel post for li. 3d —TIN-Ruß On., 212 Werwrck rd., Birmingham.

-r) UGS RUGS I !—flood. all wool, 6ft. long, eft. wide t. and w.igh nye, Chg. ; Government grey ; only been need little, ninth better than common, new. I will send one post free for 3e.—Frorn H. J. G. 08021, Government Contractor. Rye.

pICTUIII3 POSTOARDS, beantitul dms esigns ; real get of art ; trade supplied ; 3 sample Packets', le. Id. ; Shop- keepers special nsrcel 4s. 44., postal or -r. ; grand yal,ie. Money ref urn,l if not satitticl.-7. Bur.Locx, Victoria st., Ashten-nndei

'j fliT Ok"; TBACH 'MiI:9IMP TO WALTZ with onr full-sfzed Chart. Absolute new system. You can't help learning. Failure Is Impossfhle And perfect step the result. Charts, Is. each post TAId.--If. P. WHITIC it Co., Pnblishera, 34, New Bridge se,. London, B.C.

A RR YOU. A MASON ?—Six Coloured Masonic Postcards. 71 The initiation, Riding the (last, Receiving Pass- word, Masons at Work, Grind Lodge la Session, Masonic Plarmonv ; send t our Masonic! friends; 7d. the set, poet free.—W ALL ern's, 95e, West Derby rd.. Liverpool.

RU/ql3fiß (400DS n every de4cription of Surgical And Domestic Aup'inncee hnif mum! prices ; valnnble Infor- rrutticn find illustrnted list free ; four splendid onmples It., or ten •emorted 21. 61 (worth 52.)—W, R. Dolinnm & Co., leinnolakturern, Robson ea.. West Norwood. London.

lATATRTtPROOP COVBRR, plbleRe raliway streets, II 12ft. hv 9ft . 12s. ; 15ft. by 9ft., 153, ; nny size at Is. ner try•lare yard, with lashes. Superior stout rot-proof green Canvas any siz•, Is. 6(1. per sqrrare yarol. with lather. Cash returned If not approvel No rubhish.-11. J. GA•EION, Government Contractor, Rye.

ViTATERPIWOR CAPRS.—Large Piz., suitabhs for Cycliats or men exonsed to the w-t. 39. eich Large Police Oilskin Capes, lined with Serge, ss. each. Extra Largo Hlue Cloth Police Owe. ss. Sd. and Ss. Ed. Splendid Rubber Jacket., any six., 7s. 6d. each. Oilskin Orem!! Leangs, 2s. pair. Rither above ciirrlage paid.—H. J. Gi.9eolt, Govern- ment Contractor, Rye.

Clf_lololl 9HORTBRHAD.--floss's famous homt-mada Seot-h iilutrtbreal, R S male in th's e,talallihro.nt for Over three-quartert of a e.mtury. Fo festive table is complete without our shortbread. Testimonials and repeat orders from all parts of the world. 0-der sample tin. DO IT NOW. In tins, oarrNize ratri, Its. 2s. ifli., 45., s , 7s. &L— -INO& VI Nam High it, Arhroath, Scotland.

GRNVINFE Bargsin Ployelties.—Round metal photo- frames. w 1 flnisheiS, t nr gland 1... larger size, le. 64 Telescopes, rnicrns,,ope, and ope••a-glass alrnt)lned, Ir. Twn nest glass end metAl double 'sits, 1. 4lsr pttent nutcrackers, Is. Patent flr.-nranf spirit cooking larn,,, le. 64. Eli rl,z. assorted Puffs lo linra Bottnns, le. clarri•ge paid. Satiof,ctlon garraate,l.—Trama, 20, Blahopegate Street Wlthout London, It 0.

NIT HY PAY MORK when you ran obtain an article for 4s. equal in apoesranoe and wear to that coatinz £4 4s ar15.8 handsome GOLD-OA qRD CURB RRAOHLRT, highly finished with PADLOCK AND EIXPRTY CHAlN,warrent-d to wear 10 years. A hargain you ought not to miss, sa:isfac- tion guaranteed. FRRlii to every purenaser we present absolutely r 2144 a beautiful Niles Gem Ring or gents Signet Ring. Write at once as this offt,r is open for a short time only. COUNTY TRADING CO., 63, CITY RD., LONDON', Itr.

ottl,flparosS, 33oarbing 05tab.

nd MATELvOerOyK.eo—mßf:rntk I,ileronmaes amteomhtuerchp,Vopierlwetorgsy and Mrs. My. WARD, Matta:4, Telephone 0191.

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITHD. 34 TO 40 LUDGATH HILL. ALSO AT 70 & Ti, RUSTON EQUARH. Holtz OomwoßTs, CLNAWLINFSO AND QUINT! ONNTRAL TOR BUSINESS OR PLNISIIRN.

PRHSTATYN.—Purnfohed. Unfurnished Bungalows, Houses, Land. Let or Sale; stamp.—INGLETIILD,A.gent , Preatat,sn.

NRVF BRIGHTON.—ABARTMHSTB. Large house. Facing sea. High, Bracing, near Station. Board residence, 4s. day.—BANDRoCK, kthertm it.

IF LAgDUDNO and imam WALHIS COAST.—For 1.1 Furnished and Unfurnished 'Flonses.—Apply M. RYAS. listate Agent And Auctioneer, Llandudno.

DROPHRTY and BUSINBSEiIii BOLD privately by I RUSHTON & Co. 29 Corporation st.,Manehester. Partner- ships arranged. Terms moderate.

FOR SALA, Hi4tifikL 5T01193 t rtillit A.31')4 Bt with billiards attached; tl be sold cheap owing to lencing the ihitrict.—Address 36, TrLnLr ED., Hindford, Atherton.

Al ILK BUSIIIIHSS WNTtD by Advertiser who has juit 1 returned from abroil; eta pay oish down up to £:7O or would t-dre a smaller one if In growing district.—Address In confidence, U 64, •• Bch° " Office, Liverpool,

friaioi• Cars,Cperes, Tarriageo, etc

CYOLHS.—BATIGAIN ; Lady's and Gent's Cycles for Sale no use to owner just as new, not ridden ; 2 Coventry high-grade machines, free wheels, 2 brakes, platet rims, aril all parts beantlfully plated, lamp and bell, all with cycle ; will read on approval before cash sent ; magnlftcent bargain and worth double ; will sell either 23 10s. casb.—Apply Tom HUMPHRIES, Bbirley, Hilenborough Park rd Weston- super-Ilare.

ft OLD lIHDAL ROSHS.--Stronie, hoaltby, well-rooted kJ( plants of all classes ; Stand:trip, Bushes and Climbers ; also Fruit Trees. shrubs, o ; traine I Fruit Trees are especially good this year. ten sl for eatalugue.—WM, Lona, Rose Nrroeries. Beeston, Hotta.

rio FAItAIHRS.—SPLIINDID LOT OF KING HD WARD 1 VII. POTA.TOB3 seed @IV, for sale. grown by ourselves from Scotch Seed lest season, also Soot/th grown ur.:-to-dates, monarchs, and other varieties at reasonable prices.— Apply /AWNS MAJITL•ND LTD., Seed Potato Growers, Burscough Bridge. Lancashire.

SCOTCH eRICD POTATOICB,—Now booking for present or Spring delivery and guaranteed free from Mack Scab. the famed Dalhousie., also Up-to- lutes, King lidwards, Table Talk. Langworthys, ancl all the leading varieties.— Address FR•XIC JAPP, Iffevrbon, lAureneeklrk, Scotland, 'sad Creston, near Preston.

ftorcses, Bogs, Etbe .Stork &t.

CHRAP Harness Mare for Sale ; or will exchange for Hay, or otts.--RDMUND6, Royal Mews, Both it., Manchestor.

1)1:1DIGHBEI Large Black Pigs, Bo4ra and Gilts, of best class, size, Rnd quality from 455. to E.ss. Photos.— Juissosr, Po,,kllngton, Yorks.

17 Oft SALLE, Grey MARV, 15-1, live years old ; Black Mare 1_ 14-3, five yeArs old ; both good workers; one unbr. ,ken Cob, three year old, 15 hands. —BELL, Sarnerdale, Askriga.

IVH sroox,Poultry, kg., Itenediet, le.Ed• State wants; LA Treatment Bo•A•, Pedigree Forms, Free. Agent. wante.d.—WlL‘ow, 'TD., Minor Chtmbers, t4treatham, B.W.

PAIR Bay Harness HORS, 15 3 handr, good action, 6 and 7 years, reliable all round ; also Bay Harness Mare, undoeked, beautiful quality, 16 hands, rising 5. well broken: —GEORGE aIitNDIGE, The (Range. Tlaelwall.

Miuration.

rIIBACHBILEV BX.A)lB.—Writing, Book-keeping. Commer. - IL cial Arithmetic, Post Office, hanitary Instituta. From 7s. per qtrItter.—t'ECRVITARY, ThOrOUgh Correspondence College, Halesowen, Birmingham.

ATISS HURST (Pupil of Squire Howard), has 111 Vacancies for a few PUPIL in Drawing. Painting, &a. SRPIA WORI A SPECIALITY. Schools Attended. Terms on application. 181, MILLI ICITON ROAD SOUTH, STOCKPORT.

D RUSUELS-UOCLE —ON. D'AL9EMBRRO, 297, In.tltute Aernoudt ; Boarding Seho4l for boys under 1S ; charm- Ng sit. ; large garden, playground, football feld ; excellent onisine ; French, German commercial correspondence; ref.. ha ngland. Write for prospectus. SOUTH PORT MODERN SeIIOOL.—AN IDEAL SCHOOL FOR BOYi. Langstages, Science, and Com- mercial Subjects, Swimming, Gymnastics, Oadet Conpany. Staff includes BA., M.Sc., F.C.V., Officler Accidernie, Foreign pupils received. Prospectus from 1-1131.13.KASTHR.

R. ERNR.ST WILAU44, Profe,sor of Lit Music, Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Church, PIANO, ORGAN, THBORY, HARMONY. COUNTIIII- - MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 10) Certifl3ates ane Prises gained by pupils. Ltrge three-manual organ fin pupils' praotioe.—For tfsrms ;apply 134, LOVELY LANE and LICGIFI BT.. Warrington

riIWHNTY-TWO cluirrliA3 nifistiLY (Girls).—Board, laundress, Rnglish. French. hookkeepinv, shorthand, typewriting, sewing. music, drilling. Extensive new premises. enlarged 1907. lileetria light. Classrooms, gymnasium, library. illustrate' prospectus. --,PHINCIPAL, Pengwern College, Cheltenham.

WARRINGTON GRAM {AR SC A.oob. NI3XT TRIM COMMIINC33 ON TUR9DAY, JAN. 19Ta. TAB lIRADHAETER WILL BR PLBASRD TO INTER- yam PAIIHNTt3 THII PREIVIOUS DtY 11-1 s.x!" 3-5. For PaosFacrue, acc., apply to the HRADA.I.4TICH. VERB B. DAVIRS, Law Clerk to the Governors.

IflarDittern, etc

PULLHYS, Mil!gearing ; best, cheapest on Msrket ; sp.cial pricer, engi:Leers, shippers. —Kt,tssctr, Canning place Liverpool. POILHRS. —Lancashire, Galloway, Cornisb, Vertical Marine, Mnititulaular ; 60 to 18thba. pressure.-11. HINDLEV, Birkdale.

TO BRICKMAKEIH3 —Two Hundred Box Cl-ty 1 WAGGONS, 3ft. 6in. by 2ft. by 21in. gauge, for Sale, cheap.—THOVAS JOSINSIN, Prescott it., Wigan. FR O SALII, OONTft SOTORS PL kNT.-3ft gunge Loco; m tlvee. Steam Cranes, Hani D•rricic Oran ,s, Verticat Boller 8r 4, Horizont-t1 lingine 10 x 13, High tinglne 9 x 12, Stonebreaker 12 xB, Boiler Pu np. nails, bleepers. Stone-planing Machine, Lathe, Ac.—Apply P. DRAKE AL SOX., Contractors, Hastingden.

OFFICK FOR PATBNT 4, ST. ANN'S SQUAWS, MANCHESTER. GEO. DAVIEN & SON, CHARTERED PATENT AGENTS. ESTAELPHED IN 1835. SELF-HELP TO NEW PATENT LAW. PRICE 6n. COLONIAL AND FOREIGN PATENT LAWS. PRICE 1R

UOlt SAUL—AII thooir. TURBI SHOPS situate in Winwl k at., Warrington, arid numbered 37, 39, and 41. at present in the occupation of Mrs. Stirrup and Mr. Hrocklehurot, together with buildings and stables in the rear. Gross annual rental £175 125., su'oject to en annual chief rent of ED lls 6.l.—Apply S. Owasta, Estate Agent, Widnes

FOR MORK THAN TWEINTY FIVR YRA2B THOUSANDS Olt LkfilliS HAV DIIRIVHD GIiBAT BRNRFIT FROM DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS, HAVB HAD A WORLD-WIDR lIHPUTATION AS A BOON 10 WOMANKIND They are the best known Remedy for Anternia Giddiness. Fulness and Swelling after Mewls. Loss of Appetite,Hysteria.Palpitation of the Heart. Debility. Depression, Weakness. Irregularities, and all Vernal. Ailments. Boxes WI.. Is. led.. 2s. 94.45. 6d. and lls. DR. DAVIS'i FAMOUS MB AND CONSTIPAIION CURB. A positive tipecide for Piles and Constipation. and unequalled remedy for loss of appetite and Liver Com- plaint. 13ottlen 2/9. 4/8. 11/-, by post 3(11. extra, 309 Ponro.nns.i.o-Hoin, Norrolts HILL, LONDON. W. (Only &Rim's).

Zig arainintr *tries THB WARRINGTON & MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINER s published every Saturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Piper for Warrington, Stockton Heath, Penketh, Winwick. Padgate. Lymtn. &c., being one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lanca- shire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper com- prises a large trading and agricultural tract in bouth Lanca- shire and Mid-Cheshire. THE RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Saturday 1 morning. It is the hest weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest?, facilities to Advertisers. T"' WIDNES EXAMINER, published every vasurday morning. Widnes containt. the largest nnmber of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. girls RA C.TACSTO WN ANI) NRWTON RIA.MINER, 1 published every Saturday morning The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Earlestown, Newton-le- Willows' Golhorne, Raychx!k, Lowton. to. The district thus onprised is tqtnost important part of the Lancashire ()Jai eldc, Tau ST. HELENS llXAtilirststs. published ever 1. fiaturds.y morning ,rdroulating in St. Helens, Preston Parr, Sutton. Peaeley Oross, Sm.—the centre of the Great Chemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom. pREPAID A Ii7ERTISEIIENTS APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BEI SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. MISORLLANBOUS WAITS ARTICLES FOU MISCELLANEOUS SALE One Three Six Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks 18 ... Os. 6d. ... is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. 9d. E 7 Os. 9d. ... Is. 103. ... 3s. Od. 6s. Od. 35 ... Is. ... Es. Efd. ... 4s. Od. 6s. Gcl. 45 ... I. 3d. ... 3s. Id. ss. Od. 7s. Od. 54 ... is. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. ... 61. Od. 10s. Od.

THE EXAMINER. JANUARY 2nd. 1909.

N ygAR pus GOOD; PLEASING; USEFUL; FURS, MUFFS, BLOUSES, GLOVES, BELTS, HANDKERCHIEFS, SKIRTS, UMBRELLAS, TIES, FANCY COLLARS, &c., &c. STYLES NEW. PRICES KEEN. 7 . T. WILLIAMS, WHITE HOUSE, SANKEY ST., WARRINGTON.

: ..-, -,-,.. - • ',,,--- • a `k..-',,,,,,* 4:-- :;.4:,,-, , ' .._, : -!- - -.-- • :••• ' ._• • * ' --'' ',..;\,..-::.;tpiti4;;;4.'e',44-A*4.I.W. ~.::•:,fte,„nP-e..T; .:1t...r.z.,.- '' ' ' ' ... •.- ... ;;;‘,,, . t_- -"X ; --c-- I '4"" ':-1 - 1:;,,..`• • ';„ ' '',-;'r',.--- ::•,,*- .--4::: .... ,:.., , =',P...- ; ''' • ' . _. , • •:. ' "•;*- ....•:,77. • ~' . • -r,. 1.• ;.: ?..-'':*;: 4?..t'. . • ~. . •,.: ~ , ,• 1.- -,. •,-- 4,-. t..k.4.- ,-,,, ' -.. N• - Z Mila , ' .., _. 'i . ... -• • '.4.,:. •,' -..-'-'-'- '••: *. • • -11, ,- " ' ..' ' ' ••,*.ei: • ' . •141 . - .., -- , '.,ki- , •': ~ ':' -;-- '' •- - (7-- '-- 0 , e 0 , t.e.--P.- -. ...t,_ . •., . .o ...-

200 YEARS A SECRET. GRANNIE OINTMENT FOR SKIN TROUBLES For 200 Years the Secret of Grannie Ointment has een kept in one Family. Its cutative action is wonderful in all cases of WOUNDS. CUTS, BRUISES, BAD LEGS, and all SKIN TROUBLES. It at once soothes and heals, and cannot hurt the most delicate skin. In many cases of very long standing it has quickly cured. even when doctors have despaired. Froe for Ltstamps. GRANNIE COMPANY, NORWICH

Lit • p zilki • 1, MACASSAR OIL Fan THE HAIR. Preserves, Beautifies, Restores it. Pro- vides the necessary nourishment for it, and without it the hair becomes dry, thin, and withered. Golden colour for fair.hair. 36, 7/, :016. Of Stores, Chemists, and ROW LAND'S, 67, Hatton Garden, London,.

• HAPPY • • • • NEW YEAR • • L. TO YOU! Now Is the time for GOOD resolutions. It has been said that a man or woman is thebetter for making one goothresolution. Let Your Gem) resolution be TO WEAR " BENEFIT " BOOTS. They make life's walk so easy, therefore YOU GET THE BENEFIT. PUBLIC 3FNEFIT BOOT COMPANY, LTD Bridge Street. WaRRINGTO N. ALSO AT WIDNES. IM MS CROSS. RUNCORN. EAR EST OWN. 4491111141121148M7

-..,,;242- , .

i Farmers, Farm Labourers, Vignerons, Orchardists, Market Gardeners, and Domestic Servants, are offered ASSISTED PASSAGES to WESTERN AUSTRALIA from 4£5 to £7. 10s: Free Grants of 160 Acres. 50,000,000 ACRES AVAILABLE FOR SETTLEMENT. Excellent Climate. Work can he carried on all the year round. For Illustrated Pamphlets and further particulars apply to the Agent-General for Western Australia, 15, Victoria S'creet, London, S.W.

PRINT! p_ 500 Cards, Memos, Statements, Po.t- 114.1cards; or Euvelopos for 3/6. Special Blocks for all trages. ANO us & C0.,62A Burley Bd.,Lecds.

THERE IS .NO DOUBT that it is the "live" man who "gets there." The man who newsy flags and is ever on the qui vive. He is perennially alert and eager—and looks it! Why is he cheery, so ccnfident? Is he immune from the every-day little ills that upset others so much? Not at all. Only, he is prompt in regard to himself as he is in his business. He puts his finger cn a weakness at once, never letting a headache or any other ache, due to temporarily arrested stomach action have a chance. There is no other way. Attack little ailments at once. A timely use of EEctiA,:, I'S 7, - ILLS will never let them grow. Aches vanish and you keep brisk and up-to-date. That is a business asset. This is something to tell someone else. Everybody more or less suffers from stomach troubles in these strenuous days, and no one can afford to be ill. Indeed, the need for a safe and speedy medicine, to relieve promptly and surely the minor ills that depress the brightest men, is universal. Here is an impressive fact to remember— over six million boxes of BEECHAM'S PILLS are sold every year! That is eloquent testimony that, while the need is great and wide-spread, Beecham's Pills MEET THE PUILIC NEED.

. . , . Oti:',. .. , , ..: • : ..., • : / :. Established % ti-ii. 50 Years. . , PC4lr ' • irsifs'et's • •471uttde-ScOtch ..?..!... - -:.':-•,i,'',10-4.-six,..---w.: Ifz,---,-:;- -..-74';•-.. - - - Really ,Il 'Wholesome Confectionery" —LANCET. ,A sweetmeat for all. and may be given , d with confidence to the youngest child. I, In paper packets and tin boxes--,.:' ,f various sizes. annfactory: London, w.c. v..

11ORLICK'S MALTED MILK (IN POWDER PORE). 'l46l';e'li.s' THE IDEAL FOOD FOR ALL. ' • In 1/6. 2/6 and 11/. Bottles., (81.0U3H, BUCKS.) Easily Digested. Quickly Assimilated

• Given away. . • . : Footballs Weekly. ;'4 Fcr the SIX BEST STORIES or JOKES written on Postcards received by us each week. Would you like one P h yc.o dou't Will a football, you will at le. st e:eive a s :milt. of • MASON'S COFFEE ESSENCE. Addre,s Postcard to-da : NEWLIAI.I., at NIAtSON, NoTrtsoliAst. I" "Our Saran " Cashmere Socks. , Made on our new Graduated Principle, ,;.,.,.... 3 threads in leg. 5 threads heel and toe. ( -...-•,: No seams !No shrinking! No darning ! •:',l-i, t,th; Price, 1/- per lair; 5,9 half dozen. Give size hoot wo.n. Ladies stockings as --','• Acre. I- il.hed or plain. I/9t, post Id. ..,&. ....tk,,,,,,....., I.er pair extra. Sole Makers— t.,:r Heywocd & Lyle, London, V.

MERRYWEAT RE It ON WATER SUPPLY & FIRE PROTECTION OF County Mansions; Experts sent to all parts to Report on Existing Arrangements. Write for. Pamphlets Merryweather & Sons 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W. C.

ROOTS! BOOTS! BOOTS! Save nearly 50 Q/6 by buying direct from Factory. AGENTS WANTED Send Stamps, 241., for lame Illustrated List and ar:iculars British Boot Co.,(Dep.B) Portland Sq.. Bristol

THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY. THE RAMONTpisrsurecmce:clyfu,iu ps ec • d- in continental Hospitals by Ricord, Rostanjobert,Velp- eau 8c others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for irnpurityofblood,spots,blotches,pain &swellingofjoints, kidney, bladder & urinary diseases, stricture, dischartes, piles, gravel, pains in back, gout,rheumatism,exhaustion, sleeplessness, &c. Three forms, Nos. 1,2 &3, according to diseases. Price 2/9 (particulars id. stamp) post free in Great Britain from The Le Clerc Medicine Co, Haver. stock Road,Hamp stead, London,& p rine ipal Chemists. • . . . , •.•• , . • DO'YOU'COUGH' • TAKE KEATINGs LOZENGES Tins 13? ou WON'T COUGH • •. . • . ••• •_•, ••

• • • •:.• • • A OITARANTEET Or.NurNit and Pelf. - able Lightning Calculating Machina I. • 'tJ at can accurtt( ly Add and Sub'ract CALCULATOg Fnglkh and ForeignMonies,Weights, Measures, end other Calculation*. Light itml durkble. Cannot err. Its pp{ Fi,, Qugtitiei nre Cheapness, Duni- , 3 b lay, Simplicity, Time and Brain 1016 Mumlreds of Testimonials. .1? '.l! 'Be not the last by whom the new is • •••,:. tried, Nor vet the first to cast the el.l G. K. GOULDIN 0, 34 Crowe? Road, Liverpool.

_ Established 1E52. - Telephone : 4781 Central. BILLIARD AND BAGATELLE TABLES for winter evenings. A large stock of now and econi- band Taa-s always on band. Illastratol Catalcgoe and Monthly List cl second-hand Tables sent post free George Edwards, 134 Kingsland Road, London, MIL

C.F.S., Carriage Paid; 29/11. t __ .. Heavy ;:- ,-__ 4,- r ...._:,_ - I ~ . . No. 51 - 2 inch .INO /i. . . , . . Full Size ! , ' ' Pillars. II :1‘ . ..-• 1 Feather Bed, Bolster, and 2 Pils, 29,11; Purified Wool Mattress, 15/11 -, Wire Mat-res,, Raised Sides, Cable Edge 3 Piy, 1231. Send for Cat:doylies. 600 Illustrations of Furniture, Carpets, Rues. Mat., , Blinds, Cornice Poles, &c. Direct from the Matu- facturers. Cash only. 1 , CHAPMAN'S FURNISHING STORES, Stapleton Road, Bristol. 1 FROM WAREHOUSE TO WEARER—DIRECT. _ Long Coat —splendid quality stripe frieze double-breasted iront, swing back with belt, shaped gauntlet cuffs, hip pockets and' tab, vent at b.:ck, sizes, slender, small, full, and outsize women's, lengths 50,52,54,56&58 ire. Colour light brown, more green, royal and navy blue. My special pi ice for this 1019 post sound. hardweariLg Paletot is free Dress Skirt, very smart,seven goredVicur a Cloth; overlaid seams ; inverted pleat at back ; rows of stitching at foot; trimmed Li:Atoms of same material. In black,- navy, brown. royal. & green. Also in Tweeds in mid & daik green and brown mixtures. Lengths 36, 38. 40, 42 ins.; waists 23 to 27 in.. A com- /OD post bination of quality, style & value. Vi 4.1 i free RENEW DER that money is returned in full if goods are not approved. Orders for these garments will be executed in strict rotation. McDONALD'S Regent St., VaREHOUSE. Rugby.

Ring up Telephone No. 3 5 5 Y PRINTING PRINTING PRINTING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION John Walter & co, PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS. LITHOGRAPHERS. Examiner Office BEWSEY STREET. Are replete with all Machinery, Types, &c., for the production of large orders, as well as for the execution of all classes of Commercial Printing ethd Bookbinding. EYE.CATCHING POSTERS, ALL SIZES
