===== 0002601_19090703_art0001.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1,5 :0.0,, lito

===== 0002601_19090703_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• Si., >

===== 0002601_19090703_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
FROM 2/6. 181)ECTION OF STAND INVITED. MAGINN BROS.,

ro ro

NOVEL AERIAL EFFECTS. %,,,LC/SSAL FIRE PORTRAITS OF e:.118. THE KING AND QUEEN' 111 cling With ,a Grand Fire Picture, NA.VAL COMBAT. 1110 W-4 11P War Vesset—Realistic Effects. 'MILITARY BAND. °Pell P. 30 Commence 7.0. Admission 6d

re% Olt$1,1( otini d 11'4, rD'eet stir9oo ;,

IltsT POSITION IN TOWN Vtr, 4 41sTESS ARRIVAL AND DEPARTURE VIAjESTY. EllS BOOKED AND RESERVED

PARK MEWS, "itty STREET, WARRINGTON.

ROYAL VISIT. bI DT A GRAND S-'4AY OF FIREWORKS '113h.1 WILL BE GIVEN IN ON TUESDAY EVENING BY GREENHALGH 8:: CO. NIatfIICTION WITH J. PAIN AND SON

437rotechnists to the King) Consisting of SPECIAL SET PIECES, 'No, 'BANDS OF ROCKETS AND SHELLS.

ALLAN LINE TO CANADA UNDER GOVERNMENT CONTRACT FOR CONVEYANCE OF CANADIAN MAILS. EXPRESS WEEKLY SERVICE; TURBINE STEAMERS • UNSURPASSED CUISINE. _ .

, . THROUGH RATES TO ALL PARTS OF CANADA AND U.S.A. FROM LIVERPOOL ... VICTORIAN ... July 9 FROM GLASGOW ... HESPERIAN ... July 10 FROM LONDON(via Havre) SICILIAN ... July 10 For handbooks, maps, and full details for settler, Tourists, and others, apply ALLAN LINE, 19, James St., Liverpool; 5.1Pa1l Mall. S. W., 103, Leadenhall St. E.C.,London ; 25, Bothwell St. Glasgow, or local agent.

Dated this

===== 0002601_19090703_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
-1.,.. • , -'" t' -4.' ..;:'..‘. 4,,;5i '''lr ,;',..C1--.1t.,71- ..z-l'a 4,‘..4-.`, .i,i.• --ft, 1 - C - .4 - /.. V - ( 4 .it _ --, \ •,, , - 'I.A., .44._,.. , -'4. - <49e. 4t• ' V • :-.4', ..:, .ir ..;;,:, - ... ..‘• `t,..t. f.:lrl. •::-i.. ~Z, , It tc i --,Z.,:, .r...,: i%. .i. , ~.,..., 4s --. "_-,----,-„, i'\,..-;,.... t:,.. ',:. . . ~ .:d ) -ii: '.r ) 4k,, 'l7* ' t-ilii". ) ..- '., .1: te: S' 11 I t - -.;:i3 :.--4i, •:', IA; ."! 1 ..r -I'l -,,„,t.. il 1,, .. g•-,r, .1. I •?!.. 1 (~:', -.. 9,•;;:. ,:-, ~,, iA, • ; :1"-. 1 !... -- ' ,?rt. 4. "'-'"•,,,. ,-,- ' Nit;;;„;„„-,)•vw, -: ,t.'.,, - ..,-,s.:c • ~.:- -,. 04.. ._, ..„.... , , Aii,..'''' 'C liy -5,.. , ....:1,.. ..„, , , ..... . ~... , :. . 0\ , . ~.,

No 1485 ONE PENNY

SIUrUEZ/DALY, JULY 3, 1909.

Licensee.

Nathan Handford

(since deceased). Samuel Brown.

James Fleury Le Couteur.

Louisa Maddock.

Mary Ann iNfacCoy,

William Pugh

Edward Alexander Jones. •

Robert Ashley.

Fred Burgess.

Samuel Morris Poulson

Daniel Crewe.

John Oakes.

Evan Wild.

Herbert Edward New ton

Michael Nolan.

John Rowan

SIGNATURE OF CLAIMANT.

B POST 1 Is. 7id. per Quarter. Cs. 6d. per Annum Y Is. 9d. per Quarter credit.

Joseph Boothby Pownall, Solicitor, 127, Old-street, Ashton-under-Lyne. North Cheshire Brewery Co., Ltd., Charles-st., Maccles- field. North Cheshire Brewery, Co. Ltd., Charles-st., Maccles- field. Showell's Stockport Brewery Limited. Parker's Brewery, Lt d Burslem. Heaver Bros., Brewers, 801 l ington. The West Cheshire Brewery Co., Ltd., 3, and 5, Farm- road, Tranmere ; The Law Guarantee and Trust I Society, Ltd.,49,Chancery- lane, London. W.C., as Trustees for the Debenture Stock Holders of the Company. C,ornbrook Brewery Ltd., Chester-road, Manchester. R. Clarke and Co., Ltd., Brewers, Stockport. Greenall, Whitley and Co.. Ltd., Brewers,Wilderspool, Warrington. Greenall, Whitley and Co., Ltd., Brewers,Wilderspool, Warrington. Greenall, Whitley and Co., Ltd., Brewers, Wilderspool Warrington. Greenall, Whitley and Co., Ltd., Brewers,Wilderspool, Warrington. George Sbaw and Co., Ltd., Bre we rs, &c., Leigh; Lancashire. George Shaw and Co., Ltd., Brewers, &c., Leigh, Lancashire. Emn.a Ashley, the wife of the Licensee owns one-1 half ; the other half being owned by that lady's 3 sisters, viz :—Annie Eliza- beth Jones, single woman, Shop-keeper, Halton; Mary Louisa Hill, the wife of Robert Hill, Elm Mount, Hels*)y, Frodsham ; and Sarah E. Shirtcliff, the wife of Fred C. Shirtcliff, 346, Ormskirk-road, Wigan. The House is let by the Owner to Greenall, Whitley, and Co., Ltd.. Brewers, Wilderspool, at a yearly rental of £25. North Cheshire Brewery Co., Ltd., Charles-street, Macclesfield. Elizabeth Dalton and Joseph Grocott, Executors of the late Mrs. Mary Grocott, care of J. P. Whittingham, Solicitor, Nantwicb. Greenall, Whitley & Co., Ltd., Wilderspool Brewery, Warrington. North Cheshire Brewery Co., Ltd., Charles-street, Macclesfield. Richard Clarke & Co., Ltd., Brewers, Stockport. William Howard Goulty, 37, Brown-street, Man- chester, and Nathan Meadowcrof t,9, Silverdale- road, Chorlton-cum-Hardy, Manchester—Trustees of the late Mr. Simpson. Lessee by Assignment— J ames Reed Blair, Alexandra-road, M a n - chester. Mr s. Mary Elizabeth • Baguley, Sunnyside, Mars- land-road, Sale, Adminis- tratrix of the late John Siddeley, Altrinchum. George Henry Podmore, Dunham-road, Altrinchant.

ARE GRAHAM. FOR GRAMOPHONES AND PHONOGRAPHS.

TEETH ATTEND TEETH 14, SANKEY STREET, TEETH

===== 0002601_19090703_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
Name and Situation of Premises.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
I—THE GREYHOUND, 3, Hulley-street, Stalybridge

2—CHURCH HOUSE INN, Windmill-st., Macclesfield

3—THE DOG INN, Pickford- Street, Macclesfield

4—RAILWAY ARMS, Commer- cial-Brow,Nswton(Hvde) S—THE TOWN HALL HOTEL, Hi eh-street, Con g I eton 6—QUEEN'S HEAD,Swan-bank, Congleton 7—LIFE BOAT HOTEL, 13, Victoria rd., New Brighton

B—B RITI SH VOLUNTEER, Stockport-road, Cheadle 9—N E W INN, Hyde-road, Bred bury 10—THE WELSH HARP, Cooper-street, Runcorn

11—THE SLOOP; INN, Loch- street, Runcorn

12—THE RUTTERS VAULTS, Brunswick-street, Runcorn

13—THE FRIENDSHIP TA VER N, Fryer's-street, Runcorn 14—THE FOX TAVERN, Alcock- street, Runcorn

15—THE BIRD IN HAND' Halton-road, Runcorn

16—THE PROSPECT VIEW, Hal ton

17—THE NEW BRIGHTON, Sutton (near Macclesfield)

18—ROEBUCK INN, Swine Market, Nantwich

19—LINGARD ARMS, Beam- street, Nentwich

20—THE RED COW, Wheelock- street, Middlewich

21—WHITE HORSE INN, Park- road, Duk infield 22—F ORSH AW'S REFRESH- MENT ROOMS, 13, School- road, Sale

23—RISING SUN, Police-street, Altrincbam

===== 0002601_19090703_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
Nature of License,

lieerhouse

Beerhouse "On"

Alehouse

Beer " On "

Alehouse License

Alehouse License

Beer and Wine. "on" S; "Off"

Beer " On "

Beer "On"

Beer "On"

Beer " On "

Beer " On "

Beer" On"

Beer "On"

Beer " On "

Beer " On "

Ante 1569 Beerhouse

Full License

Full License

===== 0002601_19090703_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
Full License

Beer "On "and "Off" • (without wine) Beer, Wine, Cider and Sweets, "On"

Beer and Cider "On"

,190 .

leph Nuttall.

Joseph .Brown.

Henry Booth.

Robert Henry Hall.

Henry Eaton Spratt.

Hesketh Hill Goddard. Robert Douglas Affieek Stewart

Herbert Leach.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

TEETH EVERY WEDNESDAY 11 to 7. Branches at TEETH NORTHWICH, WINSFORD and

TEETH

MIDDLEIVICII. (See Local Papers).

KENDAL,

MILNE cv..- CO.'s

SUMMER SALE

THIS DAY

DRAPERY STOCK

TO SATURDAY NEXT, JULY loth.

NO CATALOGUES.

TELEGRAMS, " KEMMIL," TELEPTIO'NE 6203 CENTRAL.

KENDAL, MILNE

& CO.'s

ESTABLISHMENTS WILL BE CLOSED

TUESDAY NEXT. JULY 6. ON THE OCCASION OF THE VISIT

THEIR MAJESTIES THE KING & QUEEN

TO FORMALLY OPEN

THE MANCHESTER ROYAL INFIRMARY.

KENDAL, 3IILNE (Cz.- CO.'s

SALE OF FURNITURE WILL TERMINATE

ON SATURDAY, JULY 17, PRIOR TO TIIE OCCUPATION OF 'NEW FURNHIRE SHOWROOMS.

HOURS OF BUSINESS, 8 30 TO 6; SATURDAYS, 1.

KENDAL, MILNE & CO., MANCHESTER.

WARRINGTON GARDEN SUBURBS, LIMITED. SPLENDID BUILDING SITES at GRAPPENHALL and GREAT SANKEY. Special advantages; moderate ground rents.—Apply to the Secretary, ARTHUR BENNETT, Chartered Accountant, Market Gate Chambers, Warrington.

THE MEDICAL INSTITUTE OF ELEC- TRICITY.—DO YOU SUFFER from Rheu- matism, Sciatica, Insomnia, Nervous Prostration, Loss of Memory, Paralysis, Deafness, Neuralgia, Stammer- ing, Pains in the Head and Back, Depression of Spirits, Dimness of Sight, Dread of Future Events, Nervous Timidity? ALL NERVOUS and MENTAL DIS- ORDERS CURED by Dr. Fisher, U.S.A.. Brain and Nerve Specialist, 263, Kensington, LIVERPOOL.. 10 to 3 and sto 8 p.m. Modern Scientific Massage and Electro.Vibru Medical Massage. Electricity. Con- sultations free.

6-1 ir AGBEL" RAZORS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHEFFIELD MAKE, WARRANTED, POST FREE, 2s. 6D., 38., 4s. 6D. AND ss. 6D. J. G. DODD, 10, ST. JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL. Made And Ground By English Labour. Local Agent: J. HIMSWORTH, Market Hall,Warrington.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
' DON'T BUY NEW _ CLOTHES.'

Clean and Revive your last year's Suit or Dress with EXRAE, rf 1 _ _•HE MAGIC CLEANSER.'

Your OLD Clothes will look like NEW. Of all Grocers, etc., 34d. and 60. per Bottle. Large Size, Post Free, 9d. EXRAE LTD., CHISWICK PARK, LONDON.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
W. Hodgkinson Ltd.

BEG TO ANNOUNCE THAT THEY WILL COMMENCE THEIR

===== 0002601_19090703_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
Summer Sale

OF HIGH-CLASS DRAPERY AND FURNISHING GOODS,

- ON -

Monday next, July 5.

HEAVY REDUCTIONS WILL BE MADE IN ALL DEPARTMENTS.

BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

THE SPOT SHOP,

(FISH MARKET)

===== 0002601_19090703_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
SAM N. GREEN,

FOR EVERYTHING.

GEORGE HENRY LEE & CO. LTD., BASNETT STREET, LIVERPOOL. MONDAY NEXT, JULY STH, AND FOLLOWING DAYS. HALF YEARLY CLEARANCE SALE OF SURPLUS SPRING AND SUMMER GOODS AT GREAT REDUCTIONS. DETAILED CATALOGUE SENT ON REQUEST. ROYAL VISIT. G. H. LEE 8: CO. BEG TO ANNOUNCE THAT THEIR ESTABLISHMENT WILL CLOSE AT TWO O'CLOCK ON MONDAY, JULY STH, IN HONOUR OF THE VISIT OF 1131. THE KING.

Style Durability These three essential features in regard to clothing Economy will be secured by purchasing from the

MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT, Horsemarket Street, Warrington

8 and 10,

the actual makers of all classes of BOYS' YOUTHS' and MEN'S CLOTHING, Ready to wear or to Measure.

SEE WINDOWS for latest novelties and styles

===== 0002601_19090703_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
OPEN-AIR POLITICS.

THE GOVERMENT'S WORK FOR

LABOUR.

The Budget Supported.

Enthusiasm in the Progressive Labour League's open- s& campaign continues to be well maintained, and although the weather conditions for Monday evening's meeting near Arpley Cannons were somewhat depress- ing, there was a largeattendance, and Mr. J. Havelock 'Wilson, M.P., who paid a second visit, was listened to with great interest. Mr. G. Walker presided and was supported on the platform by Mr. J. Havelock Wilson, M.P„ Mr. E. Wynne-Junes, Mr. J. Howes, Mr. S. Wright; Messrs. J. Morton and J. Howes, jun. (hon. secretaries). The CHAIRMAN said they were told that the tariff reformers were making converts. That might be so to a certain extent, but those converts, they feared, took tariff reform very much in the same way that they took the measles—by contagion and not by conviction. (Laughter and applause). He asked the workingmen to consider the people who were advocating tariff reform. They did not find amongst them a member of the Labour party, whether extreme Socialist or moderate in his -views, supporting this policy which he thought that sixty years ago our forefathers discarded for ever. They could do with some of the advocates ok tariff reform if they would be consistent, but when they found them advocating on a platform that foreign goods should not be imported and at the same time going abroad for motor cars, and for the Cnristmas numbers of their publications it infde one rather jealous of those people. He believed firmly that if the Conservative paty entered office to-morrow tariff reform would be very much like old age pensions—they would, have to wait many years before they saw it brought into operation, because its supporters would realize the extreme difficulty of meet- ing the several phases of trade that came under their .notice. (Applause). Mr.J. HAVELOCK WILSON, M.P.,said it spoke well for the Radicalism of Warrington that even on a night like that they had got such a decent audience. Dealing with the Labour policy of the Liberal Gov.ernment, Mr. 'Wilson said be was first elected to Parliament in 1i92 and he had an experience from 1892 to 1895 of what a Liberal Government could accomplish for the working- men. He ventured to say that in that short Parliament they accomplished more for the working people than had been accomplished for any tweety years prior to that. In 1895 they had a Conservative Government returned and he well remembered that election and the many vague promises that were held out. As soon as the Conservatives were returned to office they forgot all about the promises they had made to the workingmen. For instance they beard in the 1895 election a great deal about old age pensions. Mr. Joseph Chamberlain was ore cot the principal exponents of that idea. He said : "We don't want to trouble ourselves about Home Rule for Ireland. What we want is social reform, such as old age pensions. "It was true that the Conservative Government did proceed to deal with pensions, but it was not for the working- men that they provided them. It was for the land- lords, the parsons and the squires. They were the first who had a call, and from 1895 right up to the year 1900 the Conservative party devoted their time more or less entirely to the interests of the upper classes. Not only that, but they landed us into one of the most extrava- gant wars that we had had probably for sixty or seventy years. When we talked of DEPRESSION OF TRADE

we had to thank the Coaservative Government for nll the trouble we were having in that respect, because be wanted to impress upon his workingmen friends the fact that if they spent £250,000,000 on a war, whether it was right or wrong, they might depend upon it that the country which had -t,o find • suchila sum to provide fireworks would inevitably antler, and the workingclasses were bound to suffer in consequence of the enormous waste of capital which took place in Soeth Africa. In 10(0 the Cqn-, servative Government appealed to the cciintry on the grounds that they desired to clear up that war. They knew how they "did clear it up and what state of affairs they left in South Africa, and it was fortunate for this country and for the world at large that the Liberals were returned in 1906. They were left with a _legacy from the Tories .and had to put matters right in South Africa. To-day peace and contentment reigned in South Africa, racial hatred which the Tory Govern- ment was responsible for stifling up was now dying down, and he believed that in another five or six years, if the Liberals could be retained in office, they would indeed have a prosperous and successful South Africa and a revival in trade in this country that few people anticipated. (Applause). How far had the Liberal Government redeemed their promises ? First of all they had an extension of the . WORKMEN'S COMPENSATION ACT

which bad brought within the scope of that measure from four to five millions of people who were lett out- side by the Tory Government. Almost every 'class of workingmen—and workingwomen too—was to-day receiving the protection and benefit of that Act end the class he represented—the sea-faring men—owed a -very deep debt of gratitude to the Government for the extension of that Act to the men who "go down to the sea in ships." Almost every day of his life he met with scores of cases showing the benefit of the Act and only that day, before he left Liverpool, he had five or six cases in hand, some in which men had lost, their eyesight, others in which they had lost the use of their limbs through injury.ln the old days not one penny of compensation would have been paid to those men 'whereas to-day,although they were permanently injured, they would be able to look forward to the fact tbat they would receive from their employers or the Insurance societies 50 percent. of their earnings, which would keep them at least outside the poorhouse and save the rates to that extent. In addition to the Work- men's Compensation Act, the Liberal Government introduced a measure of far-reaching importance to sea-faring people— THE MERCHANT SHIPPING ACT

which had conferred great privileges and protection on them. Mr. Wilson dealt at length with the main principles of the Act which, amongst other thing., ,cnacts a greatly improved scale of provisions for sailors, snakes it impossible for a ship owner to withhold a man's wages to pay for his maintenance in hospital and conveyance home if be is seized with illness in foreign ports, gives the right of appeal from the decisions of Naval Courts, and in case of a dispute as to the amount of wages payable, a sailor is now able to sign a form "under protest," draw the whole of the wages not in dispute, and proceed to recover the balance due to him. Under the old conditions men frequently found them- selves in such a plight that in order to receive any wages at all they had to sign a document foregoing any claim upon the owner, and in that way seamen had been done out of thousands of pounds in a year. Did his hearers think for a moment that if a Conservative Government had been in office they would haNe accepted any such amendments as the present Govern- ment accepted from him in order to make the measure of the fullest benefit to the seamen ? He was certain they would not. He knew that the forces on the side of the Tory party would have been so great that even if the Minister in charge of the Bill had been prepared to consider the proposals, they would not have been accepted in consequence of the opposition of gentle- men on the Conservative side. There was not a work- ingman in the country to-day who could honestly say that the Government had not brought about great reforms for every section of Labour. Whether they, were miners, workers in factories or shops, or in what- ever other employment they might he engaged, he ventured to say no Government had ever been itroffice that bad done so much for the workingpeople.

(Applause). At the present time they had to face a very formidable fight—a strenuous struggle it would Le—over

THE BUDGET.

The Tory party described the Budget as pure, unadulterated Socialism. if there were any Socialists present they ought to feel proud of that fact. (Laughter). What was Mr. Lloyd-George proposing ? First of all they had established the principle of old- age pensions. He (the speaker) 'would like to ask any Conservative or Socialist if he had any fault to find with that. He took it they were all agreed that it was a beneficent measure, and one that was due to the wage earners of this country. Having established tht fact that they should give old-age pensions, they had to provide the money, and as far as be could see there was no class in the community which was not called upon by the Budget to pay its fair share of the cost. There was one thing he would like to say to the well-to-do people—that the workinguasn who was doing his share in providing the pensions had not kicked against it.. (Hear, hear.) When they were smoking their pipes they knew they were doing a pit for old age pensions. The working people had honestly faced the music. It was the wealthy who were howling. They said they would have to give up some of their luxuries. He (the speaker) hear(' one of his Labour friends, Mr. George Nicholls, M.P., in referring to some of the well-to-do gentlemen who were ,bewailing the fact that they'had to pay an additional income tax on £lO,OOO a year, said "Well, look here, my good friends, 1 have got a very small salary and I don't know that I pay any income tax at all, but if you are in great trouble I will change places with you." (Laughter). Needless to say, no change took place. One moment these gentlemen were calling upon the country to provide eight Dread- noughts, but when it came to a question of paying for them they sang another song altogether. If he (Mr. Wilson) were struck on war ships, it would ill become him if be objected to paying his fair share to provide them, and the people who were bellowing for war ships, strong armies and navies, ought not to object to a Budget such as the one now before the House of Commons, because he thought it was a fair and just Budget. There was one point that many of them seemed to be hard hit upon—

THE TAXATION OF LAND VALUES.

He (the speaker) could not see where that proposal was unjust in the least degree. He had seen instances quite recently where the community had spent thousands of pounds in improving a district, and the land adjoining those improvements had increased in value, not in con- sequence of anything that the holder of the land had done, but in consequence of the improved surroundings. If ever there was a just and righteous proposal, it WWI that if the community at large improved the value of land, the man who was reaping the benefit of it should be called upon to pay a fair share of that value back to the community. (Applause). It behoved working- men to see that whatever happened, the Liberal Govern- meat should not go do.vn on a Budget like that before the House at the present moment. When Sir William ' Harcourt introauced the Death Duties, the Tories , prophesied dire calamity; the country would not survive the shock for one year. (Laughter). It was in 1893 that the Death Duties were brought in, and the eapital had not left the country yet. (Laughter). We were increasing in value year after year. If these gentlemen went to Germany or France, they would have to pay more than they did in this country, so that all the talk about capital leaving the country was pure nonsense, without a word of foundation. Although the Conservative Party denounced the Death Duties, they did not take any steps to repeal them when they came into office. They went on collaring all they could get and they found it was a jolly good thing tor revenue. ( Laughter). They were stirring up opposition in the House of Commons now to lead the people to believe that, a grave injustice was being done, lie hoped that Mr. Lloyd-George would stand by every bit of his Budget. (Applause). There might be some bard cases which required careful consideration and Mr. Lloyd. George had promised that if they were brought to his notice they would receive it, but be (the speaker) sincerely hope that the Government would stand by the Budget as a whole and that the workingmen would demand that they should stand by it. The working people of this country were paying. a larger proportion of their incomes than the wealthy men, so he did not think the latter had much to complain of. He was proud to notice the step the Government took last week in calling the party together with a view to going round the country, explaining that this was a workingman's Budget and that the workingpeople must stand by it. (Applause,. The Tories told us that the course pro- posed in the Budget was an altogether wrong principle, and that whit we ought to do to get revenue was to tax the foreigner. But when they started to tax the foreigner they would find the process was not quite as simple as it appeared. He did not believe they thought fora moment that they could, get the money out of the foreigner. They were more concerned with throwing the whole burden on to the undenelog, the working- man, and that was what, in his opinion, tariff reform would do. He (the speaker) 'night -be asked why be called himself a Liberal-Labour man and not an inde- pendent Labour man. He did not see how a man 'could be independent, because he noticed in the House of Commons that there were only two division lobbies, and when it came to a vote he generally had with him in the same lobbby the men who called themselves independent Labour men. But when it came to a question of taking up an independent atti- tude in the House of Commons, he thought his record would bear favourable comparison with that of any man who called himself an independent Labour man. Mr. Wilson instanced his opposition to Mr. Winston Churchill's proposals for Labour exchanges, remarking that if they did no more for workingmen on shore than they had done for the seamen, he had very little confidence in them. Labour Exchanges were not going to make employment for the men who were out of work. The idea was that they ;would be the means of giving information to workingmen as to where employment could he obtained, but his experience was that the workingmen generally found that out for him- self, without depending on Government officials. Mr. Wilson -referred to the possibility that the important offices in connection with Labour Exchanges would be filled by University men, the sons of the aristocracy,who had been failures in other walks of life. He sincerely trusted he might be wrong, because if that class were going to be pitched into these offices, just for the purpose of finding them employ- ment, he said "God help the workingman who has got, to depend on them." He did not care whether it was a Liberal or a Tory Government that was in office; if itproposed legislation, which in his honest judgment, would not be beneficial to the people he represented, he would speak against it, regardless of party ties. In spite of that fact he was a Liberal-Labour man, because the workers owed the Liberal party so much for the many reforms they had brought about. Explaining why he was not a Socialist, Mr. Wilson said he wanted the State to do certain things which properly and rightfully belonged to the' State, but he did not believe in the State interfering with the rights and privileges of the people. if all the means of production and distribution were in the bands of the State, were well all going to have the same reward, and get the same amount? Would the gifted and expert workman be prepared to share out with the man who could not do as much in a day as he (the expert) could in an hour? If they got down to the idea of the State taking over everything, he ventured to predict that if ever that day came they would find that the gentlemen who were going to run the show and manipulate the division, would have two for themselves and leave one for the other fellow— (laughter)—because of the extra responsibilities which were placed on their shoulders. While they could not have equality, be was in favour of every man in the community having an equal opportunity and also a fair share of the wealth he helped to create. (Applause.) Mr. Wilson concluded with a reference to the House , of Lords and urged the working classes not to allow a Chamber which represented only privilege and monopoly

to dictate to them as to what class of legislation they would allow their representatives in the House of Commons to pass. (Applause.) . .

Mr. E. VaYNNE ..l&iEs then moved a resolution approving of the Budget and expressing the hope that it would be carried through in its entirety. He said that if they were to judge by the opposition to the Budget, they would be drawn to the conclusion that the Liberal Party was springing some surprise upon the country but so far from springing a surprise in dealing with the land, the Government were only fulfilling the promises made by the Party leader. When Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman submitted his policy at the great Albert Hall meeting before the General Election he said: We desire to develop our undeveloped estates in this country, to colonise our own country, to give the ' farmer greater freedom and greater security in the exercise of his busiiieSs ; to secure a home and a career for the labourer, who is now in many cases cut off from, the soil. We wish to make the land less of a pleasure ground for the rich and more of a treasure house for the nation." To the taxation of land the Government were pledged. Mr. Cobden said in 1864 'You can do more for your country in liberating the land than has already been done by the liberation of its trade." Instead of revoking Free Trade we must go on to free the land,l or land was the primary element in the production of all wealth. Without the land, labour and capital were of no use, and our present system hampered and cramped our trade and industry. In many ways the Budget weuld do lasting good for, the workers._ (Applause). _ _ . . .

Mr. J 'HowFs seconded. He reinarkeci that one noble Duke—the Duke of Marlborough, was sorely pressed, and when he (Mr. Howes) read the report of what he had said, it almost brought tears to his eyes ILaughter). The Duke said : "lie was asked to pay a shilling in the pound for a lot of money he did not ' get. He was now going to be asked to pay a cupertax ' upon that money which he did not get. If he kept his land he was going to pay a penny in the pound if he did not develop it. If somebody else did that for him, ' he had to pay 10 per cebt. N‘hen he was thoroughly weary and exhausted with the struggle of trying to live at all, and when in desperation he threw himself out of a window, his successor would have the privilege of paying 15 or 20 per cent. or 25 percent. for that right to retire into another world. (Laughter). He would leave his successor with an impoverisheld and curtailed prpperty to carry on under the same difficult and impossible conditions. He thought. the result of the Budget would be that land would have to be administered by public bodies, That would mean a bureauciacy, and those who lived on the soil would be very much worse off than under the good and kind rule of landlordism which existed to-day." (Laughter). The Duke said he was going to pay on money he had never got, but there was no provision in the Budget to make hi m do anything of the kind. First the Budget said it must be proved that he had got a lot, and from that lot he bad to pay very little. The land tax was extremely small and light, hut they hailed it with enthusiasm because it was the beginning of a grand system. (Applause). Whatever might be Mr. Lloyd-George's ides, the land reformers' idea was that they accepted the Budget proposals as'an Instalment, the commence- ment of the taxation of land values, in order that those who reaped a huge advantage from the people should return to the State part of the plunder. It was a glorious thing to remember that when these wealthy men had no longer any use for their money, the State would take a little of it. If the man who came into possession of the estate was grieved, there were thousands who would change places with hill. (Laughter.) The landowners could weep and , gnash their teeth and wring their hands but reformers had no consolation to offer them. (Applause.) Such whinings of the Dukes would only stimulate them to greater activity. (Applause.) _ _ _

. _ The resolution was carried with enthusiasm. A hearty vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Havelock Wilson on the proposition of Mr. J. Morton.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
. ~•.(i.. : . ~:. :,'•:','1,••4••••..- .. ~ . , i •..i. :'•?,,••",:.,';'..4-::: 4., A • 14'01 , ......• .. . • : , ''';,' t:" '...ii ,•,:,; :/' .4 4,: ..,,1.,:..\::: j'' ~.: .;,*•:,4' •' ••• ~. ::::::,.,..... :..61;14: ; ..,,,,,)41, 0.....t1f.: lw. .0,74..1',.; ..„, ...;"-' ' • • :., ..,..•'.....• At', ~ . . • , .....tri 4.. . • •.••';:',..r•!%, r, . . ~,, .', .......,:' '':':.--,''''''''''' '..11f5 . —Off% -•,..,:i14""''',-,- .. , , • ;:i',.. , ~,,... ... .. , ...:A, . '• . ..,-it it. *'.. .' ‘... . ~: ': 4;',.'-'l' '.' . . . . ... ' ' '' .. ~ , ,: :;;;.,.•;;;10. . -,;,,,:-.;,. , . , ..'e i.% .. . . - ... . . . • .. .• . ',, . -- .. • -,:. .-,. ... 11 7i, ... ... „ , . .—• . . • , .. . ~ • ~ . .. ~ • 4, ' " • , ..- ... . , . , ~. • q..,,,,,-..-. .',..•:: . , 2.. . . . . . . ~ . . - '-:,;:•.!t. ...--;_,,=', ~:'',: v, '' :::...4,..A.• ";''';'' . • „ . . . ... . . ~ . .. , ~• . • ..• ~ . .. . ~ ... .. ... . :, ..... . .. , . . .. . .. . . . • . :!,:• • .... ,:,...- •,;!.:!,...: ~. • els- , '.\aptha Works, Works, Works, •----while you Rest, :',,est, Rest! . _ _

F

The Soap with a way of its own

Read what we shall say about it next week

===== 0002601_19090703_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
BEAUTIFUL WARRINGTON SOCIETY.

Open-Air Concert.

School Brow is not an ideal place for a concert, if the music is to be appreciated in any degree of comfort,but it served the purpose of the Beautiful Warrington Society on Monday evening when they heist the second of a series of open-air concerts. Thesociety had secured the services of Misses J. Armstrong, C. Newal I and E. Taylor, and Messrs. F. Fieldhouse and J. H. Draper and their various contributions delighted the large audience whose hcpes in the early part of the evening seemed likely to be flouted by the inclement weather. As the concert went on the conditions greatly improved, and with this the enthusiasm of the audience. The Bev. Harvey-Cook presided, and accompanying him on the platform, were: —Mrs. Harvey-Cook, Miss Harvey-Cook,Ma.ster Harvey- Cook, Alderman A. 13enuett, Mr. W. Mason, Mr. J. Long land, the artistes, and a number of the young life of the district.

Thf., CHAIRMAN opened the proceedings with the song "A lilt on the way," the andience joining in the chorus. Mr. Draper rendered "Once again," in a way which earned the plaudits of the crowd. This was followed by Miss Armstrong, who sang " My am n folk" with fitting expression. The audience was quite captiv- ated by the quartette "The budding bloom of May," which appeared to be quite novel in such surroundings. "Corning through the rye," was interpreted by Miss Taylor in her usual tasteful style. Then Mr. Field- house's turn catne, and he was soon popular with his listeners, for he sang "Four jolly tmiths," and received an encore. "Bonnie Mary of Argyle" by Mr. Draper was evidently a favourite, judging from the appreciation of the crovl d.

Mr. MASON said they were not there to give them advice. They had plenty of that, hadn't they? (Cries of "yes !") He wanted to ask them for their help. Everyone of them ;could help them in the work they had so closely at heart. We did not want to make the town beautiful every 300 years when the King came to *visit us; but to have it always years, so that the King could come every day of his life. Parents could do a great deal for IA arrington. They had their children at home, end they could give them plenty of advice, when the teachers had done with them at school. They tried to make them understand the beautiful things of Nature, end they wanted the parents to teach the children to take care of them. He had much pleasure in proposing a vote of thanks to the chairman' the artistes, and 'to the members of the Beautiful Warrington Society,.. who were giving them "a little help ,on the way.' (Applause).

• Alderman BE?.NETT in seconding, said he hoped the audience had enjoyed themselves; they wanted them to enjoy themselves. The •speaker then asked those who were members of the society to raise their bands, and there were only a few children who were not mernbers.lle said it was very gratifying to see so many were members, but he should like to see them all members. There were some very beautiful faces there—even in School Brow. (Hear hear). It was not much like a garden. there, for them to live in. He did not like to see such pretty faces in the dark surroundings. School Brow was a very ugly and squalid part of the town. They wanted them to like something better, and they wanted them as they grew up and got votes to do what they could to make the town beautiful. They could send men to the Coun- cil who would make the town beautiful. To those who had votes he asked if they were satisfied with School- brow. (Cries of " Yes ' and "No.") They wanted to make them all so dissatisfied that they would never be content whilst there was a single slum in Warrington. Looking up at one of the windows on which rested a box of flowers, the speaker said he hoped the next time he went along School-brow he would see a box of flowers in every window. The vote of thanks was carried with enthusiasm.

The concluding songs were by Miss Mayor, who sang "On the banks of Alan Water," and Miss Armstrong " Killarney." The concert terminated with the singing of "God save the King."MissC.Newall accompanied on the piano in her usual characteristic style.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
EIFFEL TOWER LEMONADE. A 4d. bottle makes 2 gallons of delicioua Home-made Lemonade, produced solely from Fruit and Sugar. Ask your Grocer.

A fatal motor car accident occurred at Hove on Wed- nesday, Miss Sarah Parker, a lady of independent means, being knocked down while crossing the road and run over by a car. Her skull was fractured, and sbe died on removal to the hospital.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON DISTRESS COMMITTEE A Year's Work Reviewed.

A meeting of the Warrington Distress Committee was held at the Town Hall on Wednesday evening, Alderman Tinnion presiding. There were also present: —Mrs. Simpson, the Rev. W. Bracecamp, Councillors Wilkinson, Wilson, Dickenson And Broadhurst, Messrs. A. J. Jolley, J. Haley, W. C. Brooks, T. P. Bradshaw, T. H. Spinks (assistant town clerk), and ,J. Fargher (inquiry officer).

===== 0002601_19090703_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCIA L

At a meeting of the. Finance and General Purposes Committee, the report of the Assistant, District Auditor (Mr. Arthur E. Ellis) was submitted and showed that the expenditure for the year was £154 10s.-9d. and that. there was now a balance in hand of £214 us. 8. Councillor WILKINSON, in moving the adoption of the minutm, said that in view of the fact that there aas such a large balance in hand the Committee pro- posed to ask for only £5O this year. Win answer to Councillor Dickenson, Councillor entuussos stated that they commenced the year just tied with £167 17s. sd. in hand. The Rev. W. 1311ACECAMP seconded.

The Rev. J. HALEY said that before the next annual meeting the new Act would probably have done away with their work under the present aegis, and the new scheme would be financed by the State. The minutes were approved. THE YEAR'S WORK. INQUIRY OFFICER'S SALARY RAISED.

At a meeting of the Inquiry and Labour Committee, the annual report of the officer was submitted and con- sidered generally satisfactory. It stated that a regret- able increase in the number of persons registered during the year was shown but it was satisfactory to note that though trade had been depressed the number for whom employment was found was maintained. During the year, April Ist, 1908, to March 31st, 1909, applications for employment were received from 'J33 men,352 youths 489 women, 250 girls, or a total of 2,021, being an increase of 225 over the total for the previous year, the figures for which were :-975 men, 287 youths, 354 women, 183 girls, total, 1,799. The increase was due to more youths and women registering. The number of situations offered by employers during the year was 707, and the number of situations filled was 592, of which 304 were permanent and 288 temporary, as compared with 580 situations filled the previous year. The situations offered and not filled numbered 115, the majority being for domestic servants. Those for whom employment was found were again mainly of unskilled occupations, though there was a much larger percentage of better class situations offered through the agency of the Labour Bureau than formerly. Employers now appeared to be recognising the utility of the bureau, and that it was carried on with the object of being a useful medium where their requirements were met, if possible, and that at the same time employees were recommended who were more or less qualified to fill the vacancies offered The inquiry officer expresses the view that if the authorities set up under the Unemployed Workmen Act, and the Town Council (who are the financiers), bad, less restrictions placed upon them and were given wore freedom of action, good results would obtain. What ought to be borne in mind by the Government in dealing with this problem was that the same condi- tions did not answer the different parts of the country, as in each they were as varying as the human frame, and, to use a simile, the cloth whiah ought to be pro- vided by the State should not be cut by State machinery to fit all alike, but should be sent down to the different districts, where the wearer would obtain a better fit by a tailor who was on the spot and knew the measurements.

The committee resolved that the salary of the inquiry officer ber increased from 30s. to £2 per week and further that a grant of .210 he made to him for the extra services during the past, six months. Mr. A. J. JOLLEY, in moving the adoption of the minutes, said Mr. Fargher had done admirable work for the committee and the increase of salary would be a grateful recognition of loyal and efficient service. Mr. WELKE:ism' in seconding, also bore testimony to the enthusiastic way in which Mr.Fargher had done his duty. At, the outset the committee had misgivings as to whether they would be able to do a great amount of work, but they had endeavoured to do their best. _

Mr. BRADSIIAw, in supporting, said the report of the iuquiry_offieer spoke well for his abilities.

;Ir. -HALEY said an enormous arm:mat of work passed through Mr. Farghei's bands during the period of distress but it was efficiently done. Although a fair amount of relief was distributed, he (Mr. Haley) was sorry itiwas not more.

The CHAIRMAN said Mr. Fargher was an efficient officer inadequately paid and they now proposed to pay him a salary more in keep with his position and value. Thq scheme which the committee originally adopted 114 S so drawn up as to work automatically, with the careful supervision of an officer, and the work had been done so well that it had been unnecessary to call the committee together often. The minutes were approved. THE WORK OF THE REGISTER.

A return was submitted showing that the number of persons registered for employ ment since the opening of the bureau at Christmas, 1905, was 5,973 and the number for whom employment was found was 1701.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
MARKET PRICES.

WARRINGTON, WEDNESDAY, FRESH EGGS, 10 and 11. SALMON, is to Is 4. FRESH BUTTER, is 1d and WHITING, 6d. is 2d. COD, 4d. to Gd. CHES. RABBITS, 10d to Is. TuttnuT, Is. 4d. CHEESE, 7d and Bd. PLAICE, 6d. OLD POTATOES, 48 to ss. EELS, Bd. NEW POTATOES, IGs to £l. SOLES, Is 4d. FOWLs (couple), 4s 6d to ss. LEMON SOLES, Bd. Ducxs (couple), Us to 7s. LOBSTERS, Is 4d. BEEF, 6d to 91d. lb. MACKEREL, 3d to 4d. MUTTON, 6d to 10d lb. HALIBUT 10d. PORK, Sid to Bd. 1-IAKE, 6d. - LAMB, 7d to lid. • TROUT, Is Gd. VEAL, 6d to 9A. WHEAT.—Gs to Gs 3d per 701bs. OATS.-39 to 3s 2d per 451bs. WHEAT STRAW.-345 per ton. OAT STRAW.-31s 6d per ton. HAY.—Clover, £3 15s to £3 17s Gd. ier ton. MEADOW, £3 17s 6d per ton. DEAD MEAT.

LONDON, THURSDAY,—Fair supplies. Trade for beef firm but mutton finishing weaker. English beef, 4s 2d to 4s 5d ; Scotch sides, 9s 6d to 4s 84 ; shorts, 5$ to 5s 4d; Deptford and Liverpool killed, 4s 2d to 43 4d; refrigerated hindquarters, best, 4s 6d to 4s 8d ; seconds, 4s 2d to 9s 44 ; forequarters, 2s Gd to 3s ; inferior beef, 2s 8d to 3s 6d; mutton, Scotch wethers, 4s 6d to ss; tegs, 4s 8d to 5s ; ewes, 2s 84 to 3s; Dutch sheep, 3s 104 to 4s 2d ; English lamb, 4s 8d to ss; veal, 3s 8d to 4s 6d; English pork, 3s 10d to 4s 44; Dutch, 3s 10d to 4s 2d per Blbs.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
CATTLE.

LONDON, THURSDAY.—Beast trade slow. Sheep slow; 712.5 t to Sat down wetbus, clipped 5s to 5s 2d, extreme 55 4d, 9st do. 4s 10d to 55., lOst do. 45 gd to 4s 10d, lOst down ewes Os 4d, list do. hallbreds 3s 2d. Calves quiet, best making 5s to Blbs.

CORN. LIVERPOOL, THURSDAY.—Wbeat on spot in quiet demand, tenders being exceptionally large; holders however, are firm at yesterday's prices; latest graded, September 8s 91d per cental sellers. Flour steady; moderate demand. Maize in moderate demand, unchanged prices; monthly Liverpool stocks, mer- chants, wheat 583,599 centale decreese, maize 14,821 centals increase. Flour foreign 7,028 sacks decrease. MANCHESTER, THURSDAY.—Attendance moderate; tone very quiet. Wheat firm on spot, and certain sorts 2d per cental dearer on the week; English scarce and about Gd per quarter dearer; demand for all sorts poorer. Flour 6d per sack higher on the week; Indian corn in buyers' favour to lt,d per cental lower. Oats, English id to 14 per bushel on the week. Foreign barley unchanged, but English about 6d per quarter dearer. Beans and pens firm. Bran and offals about the same. Arrivals :—Wheat, 94,550 bushels; Indian flour, 625 cwts.; Indian meal, 3,000 owts.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
GAME AND POULTRY.

MANCHESTER, THURSD AY.—Wholesale quotations: Irisb chickens, ls 2d to 2s 6d ; fowls, is 5d to Is 9d; ducklings, Is 6d to 3s each. American chickens, frozen lOd per lb. Hussian black game, 3s; ditto ptarmigan' 2s per brace. Rabbits: young Australin, is; ditto large furred, Is per couple.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
FARM AND GARDEN PRODUCE,

MANCHESTER. TITURSDAY.—Potatoes : Yorkshire warps 6s Gd to 7s, sands 5s 5d to 6s 6d, Cheshire old 4s to 43 6d, new us to 13s, Lincoln warps Gs to 6d, to 7s,

===== 0002601_19090703_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
•TI-IE ,IN' VISIT.

now at Warrington Lay Bye Depot.

• 11. NPCYLOR LTD.

sands 5s Gd to Gs. 6d per load ; Jersey is to is 6d., St. Maio Ls per cwt. Onions, Valencian 10a to 125., Lisbon lOs per case. Belgian grapes is to is 3d, Guernsey is per lb; English peas 4s 64 to 53 per pot ; English tomatoes 3s Gd to 4s per 12Ibs ; Guernsey 3d to nd per lb. Cherries Os per sieve. English gooseberries 6s to 7s per cwt. English strawberries, Soutbarnptons Is to Is 3d per basket, Somerset 3d to 4d per lb; Kent 2s 6d to 3s 6d per peek ' • red currants 3s 6d to -h per 121hs ; black do. 8s 6d per sieve ; green plums 7s 6d per sieve.

Special consignment of POLES for decorating purposes

===== 0002601_19090703_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. CROSFIELD AND THE BUDGET.

A FIGHT AGAINST MONOPOLY, PRIVILEGE AND SELFISHNESS.

Mr. Crosfield, M.P., addressed the following letter on the Budget to 'Mr- Wynne:Jones, in view of last Monday evening's Progressive Labour League meeting at Bridge Foot :

39. Hyde Park Gate, S.W. 27th June, 1909

Dear Mr. Wynne-Jones,---I learn with very great pleasure of your intention to have a resolution, in support of Ile Budget, moved at the meeting of the Progressive Labour League to-morrow. Week by week I have followed in tile " Examiner," the admir- able and very interesting series of meetings held by the Progressive Labour League in the splendid. fight which the League has been putting up in defence of Free Trade. It strikes me our friends, the Tariff Reformers, must regret they ever started in Warring- ton a campaign in which they have been so thoroughly well beaten by the League. And now besides the attack on Free Trade, Liberals and Progressives are face to face with an equally vehement attacil on the Budget, an attack made by those who, while they admit the necessity for raising the additional revenue, admittedly seek to substitute for the Chancellor's proposals taxes on the ' prime necessaries of life.

From the meeting of Financiers held this last week in the City, from the threatened action of the House of Lords, from any amount of evidence inside the House.of Commons and out of it, it is perfectly plain that the forces and influences in the country which stand for monopoly, privilege, and, I, feel bound to add, often for mere selfishness as well, are going to make a very determined effort to defeat the Budget proposals of the Government. And so last Wednes- day, in the large committee room which adjoins the historic old Westminster Hall, wehad a great meeting of the party, at which it was decided to form a Budget League with Haldane as President and Winston Churchill as chairman, the object being to arrange to hold meetings all Over the country to educate and organise public 'opinion in support of the Budg/t. Sir Henry Norman is Secretary of the League, and last night I received from him a letter asking one's opinion as to the advisability of holding a meeting or meetings in Warrington, suggesting that we might like to have down a Speaker and so forth. I have at once written to ir Henry thanking him for the assistance he offers and telling him that we shall gladly avail ourselves of it, mentioning also that we have ourselves lost no time in giving the Government strong support for the Budget, as a meeting is to be held for ti at very purpose in the constituency to- morrow. I felt sure you would not think I was over- stepping the mark in saying that much to Sir Henry Norman, because I cannot for one moment doubt that the resolution in support of the Budget will receive the very earnest, hearty and sincere approval of the meeting to-morrow. I feel sure of that for the follow- ing reasons. First, because the money is needed both for the purposes of Imperial defence and social reform. Secondly, because the Budget provides it and because it provides a margin, too, which will enable us to proceed with beneficent social reform in the future. Thirdly, because the money is raised in a manner fair to all classes of the community. Fourthly, because it taxes—and taxes quite moderately I think— the unearned increment of site values in our towns and. cities and in their immediate vicinities. That is the principle of taxation which some of us have supported for many a year past, and so is the principle of graduated 'taxation, a principle which is further and substantially developed by the super tax on incomes exceeding £5,000 a year. May I venture to offer that extension of the principle of graduation in our system of taxation as an important reason for the powerful democratic support which lam wire you will agree with me that the Budget deserves. We had a stiff fight at the last election in defence of Free Trade—a stiff fight and a great and memorable victory for a great and good cause. At that time we made it clear enough from a score of platforms, that the great Liberal Party would not be content with any mere negative policy in support of Free Trade ; that we had a long overdue programme of positive work to carry out as well. I am sure if my friend Mr*. Havelock Wilson makes any reference to that to-morrow, he will give ample proof that this pro- gressive energetic government has in no way been behindhand in Working for those very causes which the Progressive Labour League has, from the outset, put in the very forefront of its programme. And if the Government has already a splendid record of work behind it, and equally good and necessary work to carry out in the near future, I am sure Mr. Wilson will ask the League to give the Budget emphatic and unflinching support, both to enable us to carry out all this work, and because the Budget is itself such a fine piece of democratic statesmanship. . .

Yes, Mr. Wyrm-e-Jones, and whatever oppositiOn is offered and publicly threatened whether by financiers in the City, or territorial magnates in the Lords, we hare got to carry- it, and we will. And as in the case of Free Trade ; of Old Age Pensions, and the supplementary contributory scheme which is to follow them, and so much besides of the work this Government has done, so when we have carried the Budget, I think that also will be a piece of work which you and I and every member of the League will be able in future years to look back upon with deep and permanent satisfaction.—l remain, faithfully and sincerely yours,

A. H. CROSFIELD.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Woman's Sudden Death.

An inquest was held at the Hall Cafe, Stockton Heath,. on Tuesday evening, by Mr. Thomas Ridgway, touching the death of Ellen Lawrinson, widow, aged 63 years, residing ot 1, Brick-street, Warrington. The evidence showed that deceased had been in the employment of Mrs. Finlayson, Park-road, Stockton Heath, as a charwoman about eight years. She became ill about ten o'clock on Monday morning, complaining of pains in the chest and feet, and before medical aid arrived she went into the yard and fell on her face groaning. Mrs. Finlayson went to her and she was breathing very heavily. She afterwards expired. Dr. Howard said that in his opinion death was due to either heart disease or a stroke. The jury returned a verdict of" Death from natural causes."

===== 0002601_19090703_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
PALACE AND HIPPODROME.

There is not a dull moment during the perforace° at the Palace and Hippodrome this week, and Ofc, eTceptionally smart turns are presented. t Raymond's show "A night in Egypt 18 la•ct-• elaborate and artistic production. The scenes cler4,l tyle, ing Egypt and the Pyramids are really beauti examples of stage craft and scene-painting, while ,a. musical numbers introduced by Miss Rappond her company are played in a manner which lea es_s little room for cavil. One of the cleverest CO' seen here for some time is Harry Taylor. 11jbe 5 s'jjo strongly reminds one of George Formby, but • Die enough originality and humour of his own to carry 11, far. His songs, brought down the " house- ;oi. Australian Anderson sisters create a good iinPress",;er and their dancing strikes quite a new line. The)r?c;per av „ always on the go, and their speciality skiPPillg„i" vie dancing together with one rope is a remarkable of clever foot-work. Dan Conroy, an Irish raises roars of laughter with "Harrigan" and sN°citll capital stories. The Three Calbas score heavil° j.pat their acrobatic funniosities in a billiard room, all"(;06 up several feats which which would require scitY beating. Marie Reeve sings with plenty of vi`.9Actel and Sam Williams gets a good reception as cilari-ave. comedian. The Palace Perfection Pictures are 1111-ja4 those of Zeppelin 11. being most striking

===== 0002601_19090703_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
impressive,

NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAMME. nal3r. Local patrons should not miss a visit to the P°Kfircr• house next week. Special attractions have _Well roe vided, the most important being Reano and his fai3lifitl, band of 31 performers. Reano is a 'conductor ,the a style of his own and is said to outdo Sousa.' Ail.; of good turn will be given by the Martelloni Faraidy acrobats, which is stated to include the smartest tumblers and acrobats before the public. 'f he 10110"03- artistes make up the bill, Gertie Lewis, impersonator and dancer • the Grenville's, Austraii,et song illustrators, Billy Williams, the man in theceo.3• suit ; Nellie Farrell, an Irish singer of Irish 5°11,71; and Babs Lloyd, commedienne and dancer. Palace Perfection Pictures will also be shown.

When food moc

Indigestion is the cause.

How Digestive Weaknesses are ciire' by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills.

tw • To lose a healthy appetite and find himself, a few months, a wreck through Acute IndigestLo the doleful misfortune of Mr. James Hunt, of , Street Bradford. tic° "I had often heard people complain of Indiges iitt? said Mr. Hunt to a reporter recently, "but I ha• d I thought then that it could mean such sufferittl" know now that Indigestion can ruin a man's coil hiji tion, for I became a complete wreck through ii°t isie ln j else, with my nerves all shattered ; and so I re(51ll until Dr. Williams' Pink Pills strengtheae digestive system and cured me. "I was always a hearty eater, but at the bailer of last year.l felt puffed up and short of breath ;03 every .meal. Then sharp pains attacked my chesl back; I suffered very much with flatulence, an heart seemed to be affected.

I A9' tinle

lam a strong man to-da'y, but at the wel. speaking of I had no strength. Alv nervels shattered, and I suffered much from sick he ii' and was very despondent. Food simply mock., „ti. 4 and I had to give up taking solids and live on to a man, the iaost repugnant diet—minces and "After trying several remedies without anY re 4, as a.matter of fact they only increased the weaknei;le, my stomach—l tried Dr. Williams' Pink Pills fertnire People on the advice of a friend who had ,beell - a Indigestion by them. rip After taking the first box of Dr. Williams Pills I felt a trifle briliter, and made up to persevere with them. Very soon my allfin, began to grow keen, and there was less discaite after taking my .meals. My whole system 'I" pet strengthened, and as I persevered with the pillsjolii nourishing blbod filled ray veins. Then gr 3, every trace of Indigestion left me, and I beno,l'of,i: and cheerful. I was able to eat heartily 0' my meals, and I never again felt languid or dePredi,,,es. I would do anything to induce any sufferer af„1.111010, tion or Nervous Breakdown to take Dr. 1-.o•'‘oo' Pink Pills, for I am positive they will cure the case." 4066 Dr. Williams' Pink Pills cure Indigesti bec on the Rich, Red, New Blood they create to ticitioo' feeble organs of digestion into healthy vigorons!riers'°' By their direct action 'on the Blood and they have also cured Auremia, Neuralgia, Pegicl)ei Rheumatism, Sciatica, and Paralysis ; also thediec„: and ills of women. Obtainable of dealers, from Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, Viaduc.t, London, post free, 2s. 9d. for orgye'p: 13s. 9d. for six boxes. Accept only the gentll,ll,o with the full name (seven words, alwaYsi ;" Pi" wrapper, thus—Dr. Williams' Pink Pills la; People.

SALFORD FINANCES. C 11„( The balance-sheet of the Salford Footlgt'so;o Company, Limited, shows a profit on the s i e°,3l,e;tl £2O 9s. sd. This s the first profit the club Ploy able to record since the 1906-6 season. Tbeireo cfot improvement in gate receipts of £137 Os. 9"..-tefef pared with the previous season. The chief Iboo, expenditure were-: Players' and trainer's wage% Ne and expenses, £1,351 ; rents, rates and tkixe'aiooo travelling expenses of team. £l6O. On the ore ivotlor the principal items are: Gate receipts, less %ti° paid to visiting clubs, £2,403; members' subscrl' £287 Is.6d.

• b' $0 011 .001 An anonytnors donor bas intimated that be seotie o scribe £2.000 to the central fund of the Collgruipo,sool Union, which was recently launched for the I) ti raising the minimum stipends of Congrevy. ministers to £,120 a year.

..., mEsiu - g • `q 5C121::3-- FISH....- - :"•\-( ,""ksc SWEETS..:-..-_ , j ,fi,,,L . . t rscA‘li - \ : 0 Y 1 t*lt* 11 ks Yoll

1 )11

115 TO £5OO. IlaN'e the hard times affected you? h_e You back in your rent or rates? u You owe the Doctor, Grocer, or "1,137 other bills? Let WHY WORRY. Pile advance the money to pay off all those worrisome bills, let me help you to resn start. Your credit is gooe. with You will be surprised to find how easy s to borrow money, and how easy to P„S.Y the loan. \-IEREST LOW & REPAYMENT EASY. matter what rates others adveitise, or 1)t rates you are paying, or have paid any olser office, I will make you a loan at a rate of interest and easier repay- '2l write to the actual lender, J. LORD, (oft , GOLBORNE STREET, itekey Street), WARRINGTON. -PPosite Golborne Street Church.

ri

nit:f'tefi -t Al3l, a

b' 1 4,116c:L1 i"e5001

(Manageress).

Money. Btliet7es,ooo Without Security to All Clasces.— r) dela ,St Privacy, how:nimble dealings, any distance. ,tlO L 09 the following repayments : R. 20 Lau from 3,0 wkly. 1100 Loan from 22/6 wkly. 5/0 ~I £2OO ~40,0 ~ qualr2t/01 „ £5OO _ e NIJ 90/0 n.—SAELS & Char mergd alwe 5, John take' Dalton at., Manchester. at J. LENT to male or female householders, on er Promissory note at low rates.—MANAGER, 28 Lovely lane, Warrington (private house) ta to CASH ACCOMMODATION. k, Derr MO.—INTEREST 2s. 6d. in the 2 for agrrld 40 n'ti•TaY 211 £3 repay £3 7E. 6d., £5 repay £5 12s. 6d., ss, 6, PARKER ST., WARRINGTON. llabOti\;:° FEES WHATEVER CHARGED. 4-3 iur,R.E APPLYING TO LOAN OFFICES OR Illiet'AN COMPANIES, CONSULT ME, and I Lower You have an advance from £2O upwards at Vll ,_llterest than any office in the United K;ngdom " write (note my only address). .65 N. STAFFORD, CROSS STREET, MANCFI ESTER AdO To &005 LENT DAILY 4;410 an u;LOWEST INTEREST IN ENGLAND. 7klo "ePay 2s. weekly £25 loan, Repay 10s. weekly 445) ~I „ 8.: " ~7, ~, no Delay, no Publicity. Special attention applicants from this district.. ''.4,I4O,,`tuPOLITAN LOAN & DISCOUNT CO., zsikin,setl-91!VI,CK ST., OXFORD RD., MANCHESTER; `sttltavi.,!;..tTrON SI., (over Bradley's Clothing Shop) It A CHANCE FOR YOU

WIDNES. '‘'AitT7 £lO. £2O, £3O, £5O, £lOO. ittr:"CES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- iZti):ct-TabIeIC6i'ARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all !lay .40useholders, on their own security, with- Our .11'Atit" simple written prn to ay back. ovv,AND ,HONOURABLE 1131131 PALINGS. -.-;1‘1, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES. 11 tir s'OT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. Wa;I•NAGER : JOHN E. GOODWIN, ngton and Runcorn Applicant may receive te3P acY Evening at their own Homes. ttIZATE CASH ACCOMMODATION. rn 3 TO £lOOO. tßils. LOWEST INTEREST AND lerlAS4 APAYATENTS IN ENGLAND. krIor—"VANCES MADE DAILY on the following !oht, mutually agreed upon : A/ Od. weekly I £lO loan 2s. 6d. weekly. 6d. weekly I£2o loan ss. Od. weekly. If''er AZ°. Od. weekly I £5O loan 12s. 6d. weekly. l'oil-:Eng in Came proportion. kt?1:113, ',re in need of cash assistance you will do well e at once and I will advance you sufficient .15ga . Fair treatment and honest Lancashire cIY motto. Nr‘ Strictest privacy observed. '111115,7 igN ES. NO SURETIES. confidence by letter or personally to M. SI4.FTON. 411 31, CAIRO STREET, WARRINGTON.

- \\ti- Medical. 1191' „,be Bald. "Elskure" cures Baldness and t „ litt,oilly 1' A , IoN--, sow pilimv AND NAVY SToims,Londoe ' It' 't,'_•;sS CURED Sufferers place .""r re st. it - a 19 M lebone lee, Wigmo , , oh. • opE, , au I'JIC)IINs c 1 li t-Let A RED uickly, paidlesslY,and permanently -1. ( i'Cl Alon(iY lilac k Coin Cure never tai, . post 7.---A 103. Malins rd., Portsmouth. NI thew. 'Pr lON Cure. A new Discovery. Treat- ,ittA iNi* carried out at home from £2,525...,.per we3k. TENORR. 70, Viet one 5t...t4.11, 'l,44„llese'rgive-ii sufferers nom li-i-digestiovno. Sleepless: ttP64l(, '`-k,nsuniption. How to develop . i Send , titivlvelope.—C.S. 1. Dikes lane,Kensin A surest gton Loud, 141 I,I:srPATISNI cu'red.—The latest and sufrree. in bottles, Is . lid. and Is.. 9d. post . -tilq -"'lt% MANUFACTURING C0.,4, Bridge St. Bill:: '''llelkorSON.— An infallable .cure. , Pri,ll2ebded by Iledical. , N Co., 91, 4,;,„,.., Zse. n6ode.,—Llo'nAltoinsi LN Al Profession, immediate i (.111a,lbekh_MATICS and Uric Acid Troubles._ Safe ;NO le-TM ve remedy, marvellous results, fujl Pa ,r:;-!. , \Yttlr'd.- ;13.--CAMERON, RICHARDS AND Co.,U '", Altiez.„.......tondon, N.B. ?Plti: "teed 8' q v e with:nl. Cl4l re • aricocele, p -!_ iles, permanently operation atdd -Ili., ,iPecl ltpesrtinsaedo e inexr nr;ve home tr..at n velope.—BußNET r, 4) 1. titQl t, Charlton, Kent. • ''',N iretkLlsT making short stay in England Julviur Illtplalot. -IL all diseases of both sexes. Describe f ose stamped envelope or reply, drn d Manchter es. AGE its Ar-----=-L' Causes and Curative a late Sent 411/43pitfestnle AltRI :, .?r Physician 'Ol, jail for Itlit• BYto a A New Edition. just published. 9d. SHELLEY and Co. (Limited) 00, ,Ikll'4,'"--1.-14orldon. CURE.—Send three penny stomps it'lltti• Tow""tethe bottle, value is. llid._ iwendertul L'io44tio, ,ellres the worst forms of;luodirgestion ard ,t° Ist. INch ' "'tains no iron or quinine; it you will also no iiNt I IRhteci `l. Rtrychnine or arsenic; try , , _ , with the re I ; larger bottles, -is. Wl- \ r-"lt;tr4l-anufactured only by R. H. JERVIS 3: CO., 0,4: el`'. Leather lane, Dale st., Liverpool. CONSUMPTION. c' seel' Nued ro a.Pr -s reports free. tot 37 at last. Proof 1111.e•t be convinced \ N- Eq. nlAPtqn Ifospital. If in doub , 1,,,, • NDE TREATMENT, -Niii 4 -., Gordon St, Clasgow. °ll THAN TWENTY-FIVE YEARS . tlAlit ?A bk• DAviS'S I,t w 1,, m 4:),LIS FEMALE PILLS Vlt, -kis --"1:1d. They are the best known Remedy 11°14'144". "IversallY admitted to be a Boon to aqtt. liou'olddiness, Fulness and Swelling et., _ I,yll pebilit" Petite, Hysteria, Palpitation I tne 'tp li eels' Y, Pepression Weakness, Irregularities 4141t(LEittien,Apilleraelleetnsi free). Only 9d., is. 6d address :-309 'C' ROAD, NOTTING HILL, LONDON

===== 0002601_19090703_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
~. ':' ~.,. .:. i', • " ",7, ~-., "l'i';', ':4..,. ,:.;.'.: ..;., I, . ..1 •••••:. • •:-..1... . ; ' '''...1,;;. .'':'',';,....‘,.. ' ' `4.l•::•rir. ...,, 1 ',„,,'... , i., •, , .. . , ..e., '''''.:.• . . , .••

===== 0002601_19090703_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, July 3, 1909.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET, BOWLING, AND ATHLETICS.

WEST LANCASHME LEAGUE.

• WARRINGTON V. PRF.SCOT.—This motel], hich bad an important bearing on the championship, was played at Prescot on Saturday. Scores :

WA RRINGTON. PRESCOT. W. Richardson b Sharp 10 J. Evans c J. Callon b J. Callon c Holden b Gray Sharp l2 P.P.Alercer c H.Callon T. Wright c Stockley b b Podmore Sharp 37 H. Stott b Gray 1 B. Silcock b Ashall 19 Sharp b Gray W. H. Podtuore run out 16 G.A. Prescott c Wright Rev. H. Gray b Stockley 6 bH. Callon J.W.Pearson llan: bEvaus 12 J.M. Swift lbw b Gray 5 S. Partridge not out 'lB .I.P. Prestou b Gray 54 J. Crersweil not out 3l W.A.Asball c Wright b U. Callon end A. Duck- Cresswell worth did not bat. D. Prescott b Gray J. Storkley not out W. L. Holden not out 4 Extras

Extras

Total (for 7 wkts) ...218 Total (tot 9 wkts) 131 Icnings declared. BOWLING AN) LYSIS. WARR' GToN. PRESCOT. o. 31. R. W. 0. M. P W. Sharp W. L. Holden 10 1 33 0 Rev. H. Gray 24 8 43 6 D. Prescott ' 6 1 17 0 H. Callon ... 10 3 15 1 Stockley W. A. Ashall .1. Evans 4 0 20 0 Gray bowled three no balls Scs itt 1 0 14 0 SECOND DIVISION.

WARRINGTON 2ND V. PRESCOT 2ND.ThiS retma match was played at Warrington on Saturdny. Scores :

PRESCOT. W ARPI GTON. W. Sepbton b Bennett... _9 S._ Baxter o Dickie b _ _

J. BirChallc Bennett -13 Jones 4 W. F. Mercer b Rich- T. Houghton c Lyon b mond 47 Jones 1 0: H. Lyon c Richmond _ H. Dolan c Mercer b _ _..

b PRl];ton B. Sviford c Dolan b A. E. Walker b Simm 1 Bennett 4 W. V. Turton b Jones 19 A. Simm b Plinston 0 R. H. Lowe run out... 6 W. Jones c Trow b Rich- W. Hind c Rogers b mond 26 Jones

T. Seddon run eta

J. Rogers b Richmond 13 Jones 4 J. Evans jun., b Bennett 16 F. Richmond c Dickie _

_ F. Dickie not odt 7 b Jones.. 5 W. Bennett b Simul ... 6 C. Trow not out 2 Extras

Total 151 Total 66 WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. RESULTS UP TO DATE.

P. W. L. D. Po q. St. James' ... 8 ... 7 ... 0 ... 1 ... 15 Cheshire Lines Engineers... 8 ... 6 ... 2 ... 0 ... 12 Sankey Wire Mills 9 ... 4 ... 3 ... 2 ... 10 Wilderspool Brewery 8 .... 4 ... I ... 0 ... 8 Latchfo:d Baptists Rylands' Bros 9 ... 2 ... 4 ... 3 ... 7 Walker's Brewery 9 ... 3 ... 5 ... 1 ... 7 Whitecross Recreation 8 ... 2 ... :, ... 1 ... 5 "Guardian" Office 7 ... 1 ... G ... 0 ... 2 LATCHFORD ST. JAMES' V. RYLANDS' BROS.—Lee teams met on Rylande ground on Saturday. Scores : RYLANDS' BROS. ST. JAMES'. Jolley hit wkt b holt ... 4 Foster run out Layfield b Holt Newton c and b Hallam .5 McGowan 2 McGowan b Hallam 0 Hallam c Baniber b• Beardsall b Haßam Jewkes b Holt 0 Constable b Newton... 1 Sanders b Hallam 4 Knight b Jolley l3 Kelly b Holt Esienhigh c Knight b Brookes b Essenhigh 9 Holt Williams not out __ . .. .. . .. - .. -

Ba.mber 0 Hallam b Holt 0 Joßei Booth not out 3 Green b Jolley Extras

Total 34

Total 49

GuARDrs N OFFICE V. LATCH FORD BA PTISTS.—Played at Iltchford on Saturday, and resultii PI b win for Latchford by 30 runs. Scores :

"GL RDIA N" OFFLCti. . LATCHFOBD B °TJSIS. C. Woodhead b Fletcher 0 W. Beuuett b J.Woud- J. c. Moss c Ilarris b head Fletcher H. Saukey c Walker b H. Parker c C. Wood-

._ Parker H. Litchfield o Woods b E. Harris b Ditobtield

• Fletcher J. Woodbead h Parker l7 A.Fletcher b Ditcbfield 0 D. Clarke c Fletcher b J. Hunt c Bloor b Harris J. Newton a and b M. Llewellyn a J Bennett 1 Woodhead h Di' •',- H. Blom- lbw b Bennett 6 field H. Griffiths run out 2 C. Woods not out W. Kimberley b Bi -,nett 2 A Hill c Ditcbfleld b E. Brown not out 3 Clark 6 J. Appleton c J. Wood- head b K"nberley Dates . 5 Extras

Total 53 Total B3 CHLSIII RE LINES ENGIN E CtS V. WI i.DERSPC JL BREW ERY.—At Wiklerspool. SCOTC4

BREWERY. ENG] NERRS. Thompron b Deeley 0 W. U'll c Hallows b Wray c McKay b Desley 3 Llnyd 8 Clark c Smith b McKay 3 G. Chamberlain c Wilkinson b McKay 0 Howard b Lloyd l6 Banks lbw b McKay l4 Wright b Lloyd Hallows b McKa.... ..... 4 Deeley b Howard Howard c Deeley b Woods b Howard McKay 0 Povey b Howard 7 Lloyd b McKay 8 W. Chamberlain b Chorley not out 2 Howard 2 Langley b Deeley Slavin a McKay 0 McKay b Howard A. Hill b Lloyd 0 • J. Smith c Hallows b Howard Extras - es

Total.. 37

Total 49

WRITECROSS RECPEATION v. SANAFX WIRE MILLS. —Played at Arpley. Scores :—Whitecross : Lister 0, Maybury 9, Parr 2, Hutchinson 1, Walsh 2, H. Wright 2, Gresty 4, F. Dean 0, Barrow 0, Jones 3, Lavil, 8, exttes 3, total 39 Sankey Wire Mills: W. Bell 9, G. St( al 3, W. Partridge 0, C. Hawthot 1, R. Bladen 3,11. Taylor 6, J. Ward 0, G. Parr 1, F. Dooley 6, T. Barrow 0, Sanders 1, extras 3, tot,il 28. WARRINGTON JUNIOR LEAGUE.

ORFORD V. HOLY TBINITY.—At A -ploy on Saturely. Scores :

ORFOPD. HOLY TRIM tr. A. Clare b Outman l5 F. Stqnley c Jolley b A Bradsbqw lbw balm "1 4 Allen 2 GB Smallwood b Carman 10 it Holbrook c Greavel

?l. Allen c Holbrook b b Allen 0 Fleming l2 V.Plinston run out ... - 1 J. Grovnus c MAybuly b If. Harding I) Allen ... 20 Fleming S. Leigh c Fleming b AT Auckland b Jolley 0 Sandy P. Ashcroft c Holbrook TWorthington b Allen 1

b Carman 9 H. Maybui:y not out... 0 W. B. Jolley h Cotrman -G. °relives b Cannon ... 0 F. Carman o Scrlll-

T. Smith o Hobrook b

wood b Allen

Fleming W. A. Clare not out Extras

Total 65 Tote' FRIENDLY MATCHES.

LYMAI V. SALE Mooß.—At Sale on Saturday. Scores :

LYMM. SALE MOOR. J. Harnpson b H. Wei- .1. Hooson c &b Rouse 33 stanlev ..... - . _. —.. . . '. -..

T. Marsh bl 3 Wirstquiey 22 b Rouse lO H. S. Saville b H. Win- C.. Kay rim out stanley • lO A. Kempton c Hartley E. BOUSO C (1; b Mixbell 33 b Rorse 1 W. Harrison b Mitcbell 5 H. Winstanley c Marsh A.Savillec&bMitcbelL 7 b Rouse 9 R. E. Wilkes b Miiehell 3 T. Collier ex b Rouse 0 E. H. Longden Af;tcbell 7 J. Howar t lbw b Rouse 3 J. W. Gibbon bH. Win- A. Baldwin b Hampson 6 stanley C. Brown lbw b H. _ _ flluso

stanley B. Hsrtlev not out 0 T.G.IV-stsnley natout 0 hatras

Total • IS9 Total (for 9 wkts) 71 STOCKTON HEATH WESL EVANS V. WILDERSPCDL BREWERY 2ND.—Played on Saturday. Scores : STOCKTON HEATH WES. WIT.DERSPOOL BREWERY LID J. Marshall b Davies lO GleAve b Miller ..........2 E. Ellison b Davies 1 W. Y. Webster b 8e11... 0 F. Bell c Timperley b F. Ince c Marsb.tll b Johnson W. R. Miller b lace 1 J. Johncon b Bell 0 IT Silvester b Davies... 0 F. Timperley run out 1 A. T. Hughes b lace ... 1 E. Ogden Ma Out 3 S. T. Brocklehurst b T. Cantrell inn out 3 Johnson 0 W. Beswick c Bell b A. M. Dunn b Johnson 0 Brocklehuut 1 H. Earl c Johnsonbince 1 G. Davies c& b Miller G. Owen not out A. Alanssuer b I,ce 0 W. Oaskell not out 0 ExtTv S Exres

Total

===== 0002601_19090703_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
SANKEY WIRE MILLS V. ST. HELENS ST. THOMAS'. —Played at Longshaw-lane. Scores : WIRE MILLS. ST. THOMAS'. W. Woodcock run out... 4 D. Anders c Evans h J. Hawthorn b A Smith 4 Woodcock 0 E. Clare cA. Smith b .1. J. Gaskell at Clare b Smith J. Evans c Anders b A. J. Smith c Hewitt b Smith A. Rowlands h A. Smith 4 E. Pearce b Rowlands 0 R. Hewitt cT. Redcliffe A. Smith b Woodcock 0 bA. Smith G. Gough c Bate b A G. Craven c Evans b Smith R. Craddock bA. Smith 0 T. Redtlifle c Holden ...

W. Gorst hJ. Smith ... 5 b Rowlands S. Holden c Peqrce b A J. Wright b Woodcock 0 Smith R. 0 weu not out Extras

Total 49 Total l9 SANKEY V. CROSFIRLD'S.—PIayed on Crostleld's Recreation ground on. Saturday. Scores : SANKEY. CROSFIELD'S. Bradburn a Bradshaw b Hardman b Forster Percival Daintith a Bradshaw b Webb • 15

Higham ll Hightail c Bradburn b Fosterc Elwell b Brad- _ Webb

sha,w Plant b Higham ...... W. Williams not oat Webb b Iligbam Hewitt b Higham • 5 Sherratt b Bradburn... 2 Corradine at. Dale b Dale not out Bradshaw 0 Elwell c Lawton b Edson c Elwelt b Brad- Bradburn_ 0 _ ..... _ ..

shaw . 0 Hodson c Corradine b Lawton st Dale b Brad- Webb 0 shim 4 Flood c Webb b Brad- WyattstDale bßradsbaw 0 burn 0 Extras

_ Total -15

TOW 4l

===== 0002601_19090703_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

THE COI: NIT CHAMPIONSHIP.

YORKSHIRE V. LI NCASHIRE.—These teams met in the competition for the Crosfleld Cup and medals on Saturday. .Both were represented by a team of amateur bowlers. In previous encounters Lancashire have won 11 out of 14. Lanca.shire are the holders. The teams were 24 aside. Results : YORKSHIRE. LANCASHIRE & CHESHIRE. G.P.Thewlis, Taylor Hill 21 AV. Smith,Pendleton... 16 T. Stubbs, Halifax 2l W. Leyland, Wi gan lO L. Brown, Ossett J. Hurst, Spen Victoria 21 J. Gleave, Warrington 14 H. Heaton. Lockwood .1. Wood, Waterloo W. Walker. Holbeck l3 T.B.Burgess.Warringen 21 F. Wilson, Brighouse E. Dyson, Deighton A. Jagger.Cleckheaton l9 J. Grundy, Leigh my. 21 A.Howarth, Ravensthorp 13 H.S.Connolly,Roehuck 21 G. Hodgson, Dewsbury 14 3. Westhead,flarpurhey '2l B. H. Eastwaod,Paddock 21 H.Thomasou,Knutsf'rd 19 J. West, Taylor Hill 2l H. Harrlson, Leigh Ry 18 J. Clough, Huddersfield 9 T.Glover,Leigh R'lw'y 21 H. Fleetwood, It'v'n'h'lp 15 G. Burnell, Unsworth 22 H. Squire, Clifton 2l J.Bedworth,W'en B.H. 10 P. Kilner, Taylor Hill A Hopper. Dodworth .1. Stead, Spen Victoria 21 J. Codling, George l6 G. Kitson, Brighouse ... 20 G. Drinkwater,D'dsb'y 21 W. Rawlinsoo, Clittrm ... 10 A Scott, Warrington 21 W. Ratcliffe, Halifax... 18 A. Gleave, Warrington 2] F. Heator, Lockwood ... 18 P. Talbot, Newton

436 434 WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT ASSOCIATION.

INDIVIDUAL MERIT COMPETITION. The firat round of this competition was continued on Saturday on the greels of the Rylands Recrolion Club With the following returns : FIRST ROUNDcontinued). A Thornley 2l G. Ball, sem 3 W. Fox 2l F. Dean George Monks J. Bouldsworth 2l W Shaw J. Gleave 2l W. Roughley E. Gleave 2l A. Forster A. Warburt m 2l H. Fiance ll J. Bolton 2l J. Warburton H. Cook W. /..ndrews 2l J.Newton 9 W. Jones G. Ball, Vt. J. Appleton 2l T. Harrison T. Gatnett 11, Williams 2, .J. Marsey 8 A. Latimer J. Roberts J. Shelmerdine J. Cheadle 2l %V. Drury lB J. Langley 11. Bickerton 2l J. Clough 9 H. Clare W. Bowning 2l J. Houghton 9 W. Cottam The followin,, had walks over : J. Ashton, H. Higham, A. Fad Ix Ihte. j. HAtton, W. Mee,, J. Highan., J. Weston, T. Reddish. The draw for the second round will take plac9 on l'imud.sy, Bth July, pid the games will L 3 proceeded %% ith on the 10th of July. WARRINGTON WORKS ASSOCIATION.

The following matches were played in the Worl-R Association Competition on Saturday. Scores :

fl IRD RO USD.

CORPORATION. LONGFORD WIRE NO. 1. Handicap 5. Hardielp 10. T. Trevor (eopt.) F. Sh4w - 7 T. Rat Ai& l5 J. Jolley A Newey 9 W. Millman l5 NV. Robinson NV. Monks W. Nea.-a l2 E.Clare l5 J. Coor :ar l5 T. Atherton 3 R. Pomdlcs J. T. Measey T. Dawson , 8 J. Stidlow l5 NV. Barlow -

157 153 Majority for Corporation, 5. RICHMOND'S. MONKS HALL NO. 2• Handiey, 20. Handley, 20. T. Jones T. Jo:lnson R. Dagnall W. Konwright l5 J. Stewart P.Hankinson J;Smith Et. Bennett (eapt.) T. C)oper l5 It. Bennett R. Naylor l2 J. Thomas l5 NV. Ashall l5 J. Savage ll P. A ntrobos l6 .1. Melia ll N. Fielding l3 A EllisOn l5

187 148 Majotity for Richmond's, 41. CROSFIELD'S NO 1. FLETCHER'S NO 1. 1-I,indicap 5. Handicap 5. D. Stokes 6 W. Raudles W. Bennett l5 J. Hamblett 7 W. Ellison (capt.) T. Jackson A. Broadhurst l5 S Lamplrt 7 .1. Bai ..on J. Jefferson l5 F. HC3SOM A. Middleton J. Middleton C. Nlillington G. Wilcock D. Higham

138 159 Majority for Fletcher's. 21. DRAW FOR FoITH ROLAD. Armitige rid Rigby 10 V. Corporation 5. Fletchot's No. 1 5 v. Rylands' No. 1 scr. (To he played on. July 10th).

Richmond's 10 v. Nions Hall No-. 1 5. Whitnrori se. V. Cheshire Liars 5. (170 1s played on July 17th) FRIENDLY MATCHES.

MILLSTONE Ho FP ' \VHUIiEY V. CAT AND I-TON ST RETTON.-1 nis n-itch took place on the grt 2n of the Millstone Hotll and ended in victory tor the home tcun by the nar:ow trirgin of six points. Scares':-- MI LLSTONP HOTEL. Pts. CAT AND I lON. Pts. H. Westbrook (capt.) ... 6 R. Walker (cap+ ) W. Hol la nd J. Whitlow P. Moores a ll E. Taylor P. Haddock 4 A Willett ll

W. Kinder

Majority, six points. At the conclusion of the match both t sms were entsrtained to supper by the Host and Host3rs, Mr. and Mrs. Westbrook, in the assembly room.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
LADY CHARLOTTE BRIGGS

writes about • DR. CASSELL'S TABLETS, The New Flesh Former and Streugthener.

This week the chef it -3m of intlrest is a letter from Lsdy ensrlotte Briggs, who, writing from 5, C;usrles Street, I indon, S.W., says:—" Lady Briges presents her compliments to Dr. CasFell's Meiicine Co., and will be glad of another half-dozen bottles of Dr. Cessell's Tablets, which she has much pleasure in stating are most eflicscious 1,1 lemoving the distressing results cf over- work, worry, and nervousness." Dr. Cassell's Tablets can be obtsined for MO , is. LW. and 2s. 9d. of all chemists, and are a safe and certain remedy for all disesses arising from physical and nerve exlnustion. Lady Briggs distinguished herself in the South Africli campaign as a war-correspondent.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES, AND ATHLETICS.

Cricket.

Warrington made a splendid Lid for victoi v in their match with Prescot, but the fates were against them, and a draw was the outcome of the Contest. The importance attached to the engagement, which has considerable bearing on the League championship, was evidenced by the fact that the attendance numbered fully 800. Warrington won the toss and elected to bat first. They were in capital form and, as the result of sound all-round play, amassed 218 with only 7 wickets down. It was thought safe to declare the innings and devote all efforts to dismissing their opponents. The prospects of N.Actory for the Warring- tonians seemed rosy and excitement ran high when Prescot had their last two men in. Attempts to dis- lodge the wickets were, however, futile and Prescot were fortunate 'in saving the situation, for they had' n-ade only 131 for 9 wickets when play ceased.

While there was no tall. scoring on the Warrington side, several displays were of more than ordinary merit. S. Partridge, a smart young player, carried out his bat after making 38, and was warmly compli- mented upon his performance. B. Silccck, the War- rington captain, wielded the bat w:th his usual good judgment and placed 39 to his credit. Cresswell,the pre- fesstonal, was in dashing form and opened his account with five fours. He drove w :th remarkable power and made 34 not out. T. Wright played sparkling cricket his chief hits including seven 4's.

The outstaml:ng feature of the Prescot innings was tlse brilliant way in which J. P. Preston compiled his 54. He played all the bowling f -eely, and obtained all his runs with remlrkable rapidity, but eventually a fast ball from the Rev. Horace Gray disturbed his middle stwup. Mr. Gray bcwled with deadly effect throughout and captured 6 wickets for 43 ions.

Warrington 2nd experienced their first reverse of the season on Saturday at the hands of Prescot 2nd. The visitors gave the Warringtonians a lively time leather-hunting, and ran up a total of 151. In reply Warrington made orly 66, W. V. Tinton (19) being their only batsman to attain double figures. For the whiners W. H. Mercer batted brilliattly for 47.

The following are the League tables up-to-date : FIRST DIVISION. Club. P. W. L. D. Pts. Prescot Warrington St. Helens Recs. E:trlestown St. Helens 4 ... 1 ... 2 ... 1 ... 3 *Newton *Two points deducted for playing ineligible player.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
SECOND DIVISION.

Prescot St. Helens Rees Warrington Earlestovrn

ICT-e—w—toTh 5 ... 1 ... 3 ... 1 3 St. Helens

St. James's, the Watrington and District League cl-unpions, continue to carry all before them, although on Saturday they had keen opponents in Rylands' Bros. However, the Saints trir-Aphed by a margin of 15, t.he most successful batsmen being Foster. and Knight, who each made . 13, while Layfield knocked up 11 for Rylands's. The mat-. 1 was chiefly notable for some smart bowling performances, Holt account- ing, for six wickets for seven tans for the champions, and Jolky capturi9g six wickets for & runs for Rylauds's.

Lat-.,;hford Baptists had not much difficuity in ac2ovnting for the" Guardian" Office, who at present occupy the lowest po3iticn in the leagae. C. Woods (1) not out) and H. Parker (16) batted well for the Baptists, rs did J. Woodhead (17) for their opponents, Ditchfield took five wickets- for 113uns and Bennett four for 13. •

Cheshire Lines Engineers ttied conclusions with Wilderapool Breweiy and defeated them by a dozen uns. G. Chamberlain (16) and W. Banks (14) did good service with the bat for their respective teams. Mr. Kay capunred seven wickets for 12 runs and Howard six for 17 runs.

Sankey Wire Mills 2nd suffered defeat at the hands of Wnitecross Recreation in a remarkably low scoring matzh. Not a single player reache I double figi—es.

Sankey Wire Mills continue their victorious career and on Saturday they defeated St. Helens St. Thomas by a majority of O. Clare batted creditably for his 17, while Woodcock and Rowlands bowled effectively, the former filing seven wickets for 13 inns and the h er three wickets for four runs.

Stockton Heath Wesleyans registered a victov at the expense of Wilderspool Brewei; 2nd, the margin being 26. F. Bell was the highest scorer, placing 27 to his credit:

There was a keen enc3unter bstween Sarkey and Crosaeld's, the first uamed winning by, four 1.7-is% Foster (19) and Bradshaw (15) did the best service in the batting department.

Lyinta made a creditable draw with Sale Moor, J. Hampson again being the top scorer with 35. E. Rouse bat ted in fine style for his 33 as did J. boson, who knocked up a similar tctal for Sale.

Leigh Villa disposed of Wilderspool Juniors by 108 to 85, the best batting display being that of A. Evans, who knocked up 48. P. J. Boyd made an acceptable 34, for the Jtiniors.

A Warrington Junior League match between Orford and Holy Trinity ended in a victory for the villagers by 24. H. Harding (20) and A. Clare (15) batted in good style.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
Bowling.

The kemest match hst Saturday in Works Bow Fog Association was that between Corporation. (5) and Longford Wire No. 1. (10). From the result of the game it will be readily seen that the play was vet/ interest;ng, the Corporation only u:nning by 5 pots.

The most exciting play was w :blessed when J. Sitrster (Longford), and W.Barlow were on the green. It was thought that Barlow did not stand any chance, when his opponeues figures were 9, and he had to be content with a duck." However events proved othem:se, as was se3n later. The Cworation representative obtained 4, but his contesant added 2, making a difference between them of '1; Excitement then began to be raised to a tension, for Barlow went steadily on getting up to 10, whilst Simister remained at 11. With only an advantage of 1 for Simister at this perici, one began to wonder if he would win. They peeled at 12 and 14, but Barlowe bowled the winning wood and was hailed victor iq a splendid match. J. Coot 3,r for the Coloration had practically a walk over, beating T. Atherton by a handsome majority of 12.

For a considerable patt of the game between H. Atherton (Longford) and J. Randles (Corporation), the spectatoes thought that the former world., pe successf-ul. but events totaed out otbet‘N ise. Atherton was 7, when his opponent was 4, and lie increased his total to 9 whilst his cpntestant added 1. Atherton hav;ng an advantage bf 4, it was expe3ted that he would be able to get " home " with considerable ease, but Randles played liely epalising at 9. With Atherton still at 9, Ranches reached 12, but the former added another 2, which were all he obtained and as' a result ,Randles won by 4.

Crosaeld's. No. 1 and Fletcher's No. 1, had a handi- cap of 5 each, and therefore play commenced on an equal footing, but Fletcher's won by a substantial majority of 21. Dore was a capital struggle between Daij.th and Barton. They were equal ot 5, but Daultelh ircreased his score by 4, before Barton could add a single. The game went steadily on, Daiatith keeping a good lead-until he was 13 and his opponent 9, when Barton priled up .and brought his opponent's lead Aown to 1. They equalised at 14, and Dainteth wha*lnyed i:ght throughout the game, won by the odd point.

Another good game was when J: Evans, (Fletchers) and C. Millington were opposed to each other. From start to finish the game was keenly con- t33ted. They equalised at 4 and again at 6, and then Flet:her's representative got, a lead, obtained 10 to his contestant's 7. Play went on steadily 11:11ing- On increasing his score and p- ding at 13. That was as far as he g, for Evans reached the number in the nexti2 woods. M. Bailey (Fletchers) easily aclount:d for J. Middleton by 13.

Richmond's and Morks Hall No. 2, stai:ed with a 1-9,ndicap of 20 each. Richmonds were the bettor represent3d for they won by a splendid majority of 41. All the Richmond's men except tb-ee scoured the highest score.

The result of the game between J. Stewart (Monk's) and W. Kenwright was rather a surprise. Kowright secured nine, whilst Stewart had to be satisfi67l with a modest three. Then Stewart's score began to be increased at a higher ratio than Kenright's, for they peeled at 14. Richmond's man won but his majority was not as much as was expected half way through the game.

It. Walters (Monk's) was beaten by R. Dagnall, by 12 points.

N. Fielding (Richmond's) and A. Ellison provided some good sport. The latter got a splendid.lead, but the former gradually increased his figures, causing his opponent to win only by two points.

Warrington bowlers will be greatly interested in the annual match between telling-representing Lanca- shire and 'Cheshire v. Yorkshire; 'the first hall of which was decided on Saturday. „Several Warrington players were doing duty for their county and there were some highly interest:ng gPmes. H. Heaton and T. Ellison were well mat -hed. They were level at 6. 11, 13, when Ellison went to 17-13, but with a in of 8 Heaton made himself game. Tom Burgess and Hart/ Connolly each played like winners f.!orn the first end to the last ; the latter adding to his reputation by defeating Otis. year's Individual Merit winner.

The most decisive victory on the Lancashire side was obtained by Tom Glover, who showed us some of his best form. On a short length, about twenty-four yards, he fairly benildered his opponent by his splendid" round peg " bowling and striking abilities, going from 3-5 to 11-5 and later 17-8, finally wining by twelve points.

Excitement ran high whilst the last three games were in progress. A. Scott was first off with a 21-10 win, so that the visitors were orly eight points behind and two games on the green. P. Talbot and A.Gleave were the Lancashire representatives. Both were badly behind until well on in the game. Talbot could not get along for a long time, being in arrears at 1-7 and 13-18. From this point, however, he played wonderfully well, and scored four doubles, thus mai- lig himself a winner of an interesting heat by three points.

Weave was playing W. Ratcliffe, of Hal;fax, who is very accustomed to the green, and he was beh;nd at 17-13, but getting in he scored to 20---17 on his favourite mark from corner to corner. Each player strained ever ,7 nerve to w;-.1 but at the last end Rat cliffe had the misfortune to 1-treck a short wood of his opponent's in, and Gleave thus won a most excieng game 21-18.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
Swimming.

Warrington app3ar to have some to the end of their winning tether.We thought it were too good to be ti ae. On joul neying to Tosteth on Monday evening they were defeated by the narrow margin of one goal, the score being 5-4. The lime tam were at their full strength. The team being as follor s : Woods (goal), Wolsten- croft and lace (fall backs), Tutner (half back), Pemberton, Pepper and Beaman (foi xards).

• The Warrington spactators say there was a hale .mismanagement on the pal of the referee (a Liver- pool man). It appears that a member of the rival team made a shoot which struck the home team's upright and bou,iced off into play, nevertheless the referee booked a goal against the home team. From the local point of view the r2ore should bave been 4 goals each.

Pepper again played a good game be7ig st a- mentil in the goals scored. Pemberton also made a good show.

Warrington semed to have lost their form altogether on Wednesday against Evetton at Eve' ton, they being beaten by two goals to one. The team was the same as against Toxteth. Pemberton scored the only goal for the home team.

The game was pat ticularly rough and Pepper was frequently cautioned.

Beaman did not appear to be at all "at home " the water and made an exceedingly poor show.

Pembet:,on and Ince missed repeat )d. chances at scoling and Pembeitou or'y took advantage of one oppoiainity.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
WHITECROSS WARD ELECTION.

Mr. Henry Roberts Returned Unopposed.

Monday was the last day for receiving nominations to fill the casual vacancy in this ward occasioned by the election of Corncillor James Evans to an alder- manic seat. Mr. Henry Roberts, Kingsley, Cliffe, who stood as an independent, was the only oanclidat3 nominated and he was therefore returned unopposed.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
A SONG OF WELCOME.

The King is coming to the town, And fain am I to greet him With words befitting his renown, And with a song to meet him ; No warmer welcome will he find In any place, I swear it; The flags which float on every wind, The eager crowds, declare it. The Queen is coming to the town; She brings the sunshine with her; And Summer well may cease to f,-own As they ride here together ; From seventy thousand throats will rica A rapturous stm al of cheering ; Tice. seventy thousand eager eyes Will watch their chariot nearing.

The Princess too is coming ! May Her life be long and surny ; For her the land be always g-ty, And flow with milk and honey; Three changing oratories blve passcd Since James the First rode hither ; And, now, with joyous hearts, at last, We greet the three together. We bid them welcome to the pla?e Where Roman ttumpeis sor•ided ; Whose church was built in Saxon days, Whose fairs the NoLnans founded ; Whence noble kn;ghts rode forth to war, Which gallant earls defended, And on whose forehead, like a star, The light of Fame descended. And as, in thought, I see them iide Through lanes of happy faces, From every window, open wide, Some ghost of memmy gazes; The streets are changing evevwhere, The ancient houses falling, But mystic voices in the air From evey stone are calling. " God save the li;ne• ! God rave the Queen God save the towo.—we love it ! God save our island home serene, And' may no tempest move it ; God save the swelling empire vast They rude with wise endeavor-. And bind its utmost islands fast In bonds of love for ever !"

The streets are full ; from yorng and old The eel rsame ell is ring,n7, As out into the sunset's gold They ri;learr;d the sinl;ng. Our love goes with them on the;r way; Heaven send-them golden weather; We shall not soon forget the day When they rode here together ! 6th July 1909, • ARTIWIZ

===== 0002601_19090703_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
GAOL (FOR A SUFFRAGIST.

Miss Mat;an Wallace Dunlop, the woman Sufflagist who placed t notice on the House of Commons, was at Bow-street, on Friday ordered to pay a fine of £5 and ld.2d. fur the damage done. She elected to go to prison for a month (without hard labour) default

£5 FOR ss. A GENUINE OFFER. • 0N receipt of P.O. for ss. we will forward one ladies' "Kimberly' diamond brooch and one Gent's Semi Pin. These are beautifully finished specimens of the laLest in Art Jewellery, and equal in appearance to any sold In shops for £5. We have made arrangements at great expense with Chaldras the Astrologer, more familiarly known r " The Wizard of the Sphinx." All that is necessary is your date Ithd year of bitth, and Chaldeas will draw up your horoscope absotutelv free of charge.—Address THE NOVELTY ART CO., 23A, North re , Bishopston, Bristol.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
FEARFUL ECZEMA FROM BABYHOOD

Until 8 Years Old—Face First Af— fected, Then Body—Eyes Almost Hidden—Legs a Mass of Humour —Clothes Stuck Fast to Flesh— Parents Fought Disease in Vain.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
ANOTHER GREAT CURE EFFECTED BY CUTICURA

"At the age of three mcnths I first commenced to suffer from eczema which started on the forehead as a red patch. This gradually broke out in • spots and in time spread all over my face. Van- ous remedies were tried, but without success. I then commenced treating according to the doctor's orders, but not much good was done. After a few months of this, the disease began to spread all over my face and my parents tell me that at this stage my eyes were like looking into two holes, as the spots were so bad. Eventually the disease left my face only to break out in other parts of my body. They tried medi- cin, herbs and soaps, and in fact any- thing that was recommended. • " This trouble went on until I was eight years old. At that age my par- ents decided to give the Cuticura Iteme- dies a trial. When they were first used, the condition I was in must have been extra bad, as they tell me they had to peel my shirt from my back, as it used to stick to the sores. Myles were a solid mass of eczema from the inside to the calf. My stockings used to stick every day and they had to be pulled off along with the spots. I had to wear gloves to keep ma from 8C ratching the sores. The first night Cuticura was used I slept all night, which was a thing I had not done for some time. An improvement could be seen immediately and after using three sets of Cuticura Soap, Ointment and Resolvent I was practically cured. Cuticura Soap was continued for about twelve months when I was quite free and my skin clear again. This is twenty years ago now and I have never suf- fered since. George A. Gibson, 35, New- ton, Dalton on Furness,. Lanes, Eng., Aug. 14, 1903:"

Cuticura Remedies are sold throughout the world. a single set often cures. Depots. London. 27, Char- terhouse Sq.; Paris, 5, Rua de la Paix; Australia. It. Towns & Co.. Sydney. So. Africa, Lennon, Ltd.. Cape Town. etc.; U. 8. A.. Potter Drug & Chetn. Corp.. Boston. str-Post-free from London depot, liberal sample of Cuticurs. with book on the skin,

===== 0002601_19090703_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
Wine' 'LEM,' SINCE 1760

T KENT AND SON. - 70. DEANSGATE,(cpposite_Baqon Arcade.); - - MANCHESTER. KENT'S RING are unsurpassed for quality o gems and parfection of workmanship. Kent's monnt their own Rings—there are rin intermediate profits. Vv rite for ILLUSTRATED BOOKLET of PaicFs and full particulars. Telephone 8,715

MERRYVVEATREA o's

WATER SUPPLY & FIRE PROTECTION

County Mansions ; Experts tent to all parts to Report on Existing Arrangements. Write for:Pamphlets Merryweat her & Sons

63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W. C.

As A SAFF, PERMANENT CURE, AND WARIONTED FOR Scrofula, Scurvey, Eczema, Bad Legs, Skin nd Blood Diseases, Pimples 9iid Sores of all kinds we ...nu. with corfidence recommend Clarke's World-famed Blood Mixture. It is certainly tbe finest Blood Purifier tbat. veienc.3 and medical skill bare brought to light.' Thou sio,cis of Te3timouials. Sold everywhere 94. 9' per bottle* ,Beware of worthless . lmi.tions rnd substitutes.—Adv. 3.

To MOTHERS.—MRS. WasLow's Soothing Syrup had been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for the children while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately, it is pleasant to taste ; and produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving ttie child from pain and the little cherub awakes "as bright as a button call of all Chemists is. lid.—Advt. CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure, in either sex, all acquired for constitutional discharge from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back Free from Mercury. Established upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. 6d. each, of all chemists and Patent Medi-. eine Vendors through-out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company, Lincoln.—Advt.

COVII2Se - - . '45 The purchase of the Coffee thal always pleases .`i family or Guests ...., a 9 .-.. .;" ~ tz, "fly net 1n iv - ,-. f ton ii ~,, .. . to of re e E‘sAence ' „. ...., - ...... ~ a, - t, - . . X. ;.,;,,,. 4,....-..e., . ....r;', • .: 4.,, -1, kl-'::,,..., : •.,.i:,,,5;,/,::: J,t'fikle4",` i. ' •. 1, ;Y.' • .•,, Ricilly fra.grant"' .',.: `,... . , ~•"...: • `71'....,' ..'•:•;• ; ~ aP r e & S `,_-,1-. 4).,,ft: •,.. )1,!::.-3..*: ~::: , vr.L..•,14: , ..,:',<,..,;‘ ..:.,.. c. in v i or g ati n g "itwoj',. ,'.' '41:q.."!;4":1 • ..!

===== 0002601_19090703_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER Series

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. APARTMENTS WANTED.HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. ARTICLES FOUND. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. MISCELLANEOUS SALES.

One Three Six Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 16 ... 6d. ... is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. ... 3s. 9d. 24 ... 9d. ... is. 10d. ... 3s. Od. ... ss. Od. 32 ... is. Od. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. ... 7s. 6d: 40 ... is. 3d. ... 3s. id. ... ss. Od. ... Ss. 9d. 48 .. is. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6s. 0(1. ... 10s. Od.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
Domestic Servants, etc.

AVANTED Respectable GIRL as General; to sleep " in.-65, VICTORIA RD., New Brighton. _ "WANTED at once good GENERAL; able to cook. %,V ANTED BLACKBURNE ARMS, Warrington. WANTED, experienced GENERAL.—Mrs. BATSON, Ashford, Northenden rd., Gatley. near cheadle

NVANTED, experienced GENERAL SgRVANT.— Apply Mrs. LIARvEY-CooK, 17, Palmyra square, Warrinston.

WANTED, good GENERAL, one able to cook pre- ferred.—Apply IMPERIAL HOTEL, Higher lace, near Wigan.

WANTED, respectable GIRL, 16 to 18, able to milk preferred.—Apply Mrs. ECCLES, Orrells Farm, Eeerton, Bolton.

SERVANTS wanting Places, Mistresses wanting Servants, write Mrs. WILKissoN, Clifford at., Barnoldswick, Yorks.

WANTED, 3oun. HOUSEMAID-WAITRESS who has been out before.—Write particulars to Mrs. JAMES DUTTON, Helsby.

NVANTED, HOUSEMAID NURSE, for Country; one little girl;' others kept.—Mrs. Dr. Fox, Bettws-y-Coed, N. Wales.

WANTED Experienced GENERAL; all duties; good home; family 3; no children.-312, DICKENSON RD., Manchester.

WANTED COOK-GENERAL; no children ; young housemaid kept.—Mrs. MYLAM, The Nook, Grafton at., Ashton-under-Lyne.

INrANTED PARLOUR MAIDS, Housemaid-Waitress, Cook-Generals and Generals, also Public General. —Mrs. DEVEY, 64, Friargate, Preston.

WANTED Young GIRL as General; Manchester suburb; good home ; also Nursemaid.—KELVlN- Si IDE, Fog lane, Didsbnry, Manchester.

WANTED, good GENERAL, for doctor's house; family two.—Address,Mrs. WARRINGTON, Croft .House, Crawshawbooth, Manchester.

WANTED, GENERAL SERVANT; good refer- ences; small family ; comfortable home; no cooking.—STocK, 17. Market at., Southport. IVANTED, experienced GENERAL SERVANT. 18 to 24; good reference essential. Wages £l6. Miss WOFFENDEN, 71, Drake at., Rochdale.. - - _ "WANTED, experienced GENERAL SERVANT; V V family three; wage £2O; age 22-25 • references required.—FlELDlNG, Church Stile, Rochdale.

WANTED LAUNDRESS (experienced) to live in; two or three days' laundry, the rest housework. STUBBS, The White House, Bradgate rd., Altrincbam.

NsTANTED, GENERAL SERVANT at once, respect- able, age from 18 to 20. Apply, Mrs. EDWARD ASPINALL. Potter's Pits Farm, Kirkley, near Liverpool.

WANTED, BARMAID; pianist, smart; 22 to 26, willing to assist in light housework; comfortable home.—L. CARTW RI G HT, Crown Ho tel,Malpas,Cheshire

WANTED, by a very respectable, trustworthy PERSON, situation as HOUSEKEEPER to one Gentleman, or Working Companion to one lady; middle aged:—Mrs. JAMES iIEPTINSTALL, 6, Lake rd., Kendal. BLACKPOOL—WANTED at once, 50 strong young GENERALS, Waitresses,Cook-Generals, etc., for Boarding and Private Houses, enclose stamp, state particulars.—MlDLAND REGISTRY, 58, Lytham rd., Blackpool.

RS. PRESTON, Progressive Servants Agency, 44 4.7 Charles at. The oldest Established in Blackpool. Wants SERVANTS, with references for Hotels, Boarding and Private Houses; good wages; enclose stamp. Tel., 637.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
To be Let.

PENKETII.—COTTAGES, 2s. Bd., and 2s. 6d., per week 53, WASH LANE. rent 75., per week. 57, CATHERINE STREET, rent 4s. per week. 24. PERCY STREET, rent ss. per week. 143, KNUTSFORD ROAD, Latchford, House, two entertaining and four bedrooms ; £24 a year. 22, PROGHALL LANE, Warrington, semi-detached House, _two entertaining and three bedrooms; large

yard ; 117. BRIDGE-FOOT, Warrington, small 2-storey Works, with river frontage and good yard ; suit any trade. HALL NOOK LANE, Penketh, good semi-detached Residence; large garden ; sunny situation ; £4O. MARKET-GATE, Warrington. good Double Office, most central position in town ; good light ; £l6. Apply ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent, No. 1 Bank Street Warrington. Telephone—No 55. TO LET, HOUSE and STABLE at Latchford.—Apply THOMAS HARDING, Orford rd. MO LET 17, FOLLY LANE.—Apply WOODS tx SON Solicitors, Horsemarket Street, Warrington.

MO LET, HOUSE, Leigh Villas, Knutsford rd.; rent £l6.—Apply ALDRED, Leigh Villas,

Gra;

1110 LET.—GOOD HOUSE, Hopwood-street; 3 bed -I- rooms; rent ss. 6d.—Apply WOODS AND SoN, Solicitors, Horsemarket st.

MO LET, VILLA, Orford rd., Padgate lane. Two -L. Sitting, four Bedrooms. Open position. Imme- diate pogsession.—Apply THOMAS HARDING, Orford rd.

y YMM, Broom Edge.—TO LEr Modern House, two entertaining rooms; all conveniences • prominent positioo.—G. L. WELFORD, Solicitor, 26, King at. Manchester and Lymm.

SHOPS WITH DWELLINGS, Bewsey st.,Warrington, suit grocer, baker and confectioner, butcher, milliner, dressmaker, tailor, barber, &c.—Apply HEALEY, King st. ; or SKELLAND, 63a, Bewsey st. 910 LET excellent HOUSE, Whitefleld id., Stockton -11- Heath ; two entertaining, four bedrooms, box- room, bath. separate w.c. ; good garden; moderate rent.—Apply J. fiALLIWELL, Market st., Warrington.

rpo LET.—TWO HOUSES on Garden Suburbs Estate -11.- at Sankey. Splendidly situated. Ample accom- modation. Good Garden. Ordinary tenancies.—Apply G. H. SMITH, 'Warrington Tenants Ltd., 13,Lovely lane.

J. L. TU N STALL AND CO BEWSEY CHAMBERS, WARRINGTON. ESTATE AGENTS AND VALUERS. HAVE TO LET :-

FIRST-CLASS SHOP in Bridge st., near Market-gate;

immediate possession. - EXCELLENT SHOP in Bridge st., end of June. SEMI-DETACHED VILLA, Knutsford rd., Grappenhall good situation, £34 per annum. SPLENDID FAMILY HOUSE; central; £25 p.a HOUSES in Parker at., £l6 per annum. FIRST-CLASS CORNER SHOP. in main at., £35 p.a. TWO-STOREY BUILDING with Stable, in Penketh ; would suit bakehouse or laundry. HOUSES in Sankey Bridges, 3s. to ss. 6d. per week. LAND for building purposes. FIRST CLASS HOUSES, White at., and Dixon at.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
Motor Cars and Cycles, etc.

WHAT'S this, £8 Bs. Spitfire Cycles, guarinteed 5 years £3 12s. 6d.--Ju STIN, 43,Stokescrof t, Bristol.

4-IYCLE CAPES, 35. 6d. delivered. Money returned if not approved.—EANDLE, Allesley Old rd., Coventry.

MAZE MOTOR TYRE COMPANY Retread old Covers; guaranteed equal to new; moderate charges; price list free; Chauffeur's watch given with each non-skid retread.-6,CH [CHESTER MEW S, London,W

BARGAIN.—Lady's Cycle, magnificent Coventr Jll-, machine; very latest, highest grade, plated rims, rim brakes, ball free-wheel, all accessories; now Christmas; not soiled; guaranteed_; no use to owner; -C4 10s. ; approval before cash.—K. STUCKEYy Oak Villa Clarendon rd., Weston-super-Mare. 100 BRAND NEW CYCLES to clear at cost, carriage paid, British make and fillings throughout, full guarantee, 2 rim brakes, coil spring saddle, complete, with good lamp, bell, all fitments, Midland tyres, £3 19s. 6d. ' • extras, lady's 55., Midland special tyres 55., Dunlpps 10s., any make 3-speed 255. MARSDEN, Horton st., Halifax. CYCLE Bargain to any one that wants a Gent's High Grade Coventry Machine, new at Xmas, not used six times, must be turned into cash, two best rim brakes, ball free-wheel, latest high grade, 1909 Coventry cycle, plated rims, best of all things, all accessories Lamp and everything guaranteed, worth double; .£3 12s. 6d. approval willingly before cash sent.—F. J. HANDO. 6,PSouthbourne terrace, Weston-Super-Mare.

ClYCLE.—Marvellous sacrifice. Gent's New 1909 Machine highest grade, fitted with Clincher tyres Crabbe roller lever front and back rim brakes, the very atest. Perry's ball-bearing free wheel, plated rims, coloured centres, black enamelled and lined frame,mud-` guards; magnificent machine, not soiled; complete with gas lamp, bell, pump, spanner, &c.; £3 18s. Cd., great bargain, worth double. Will send on approval any distance before cash sent—MliousE, St. Madge Pitman rd., Weston-Super-Mare.

Miscellaneous, On Sales, ect.

"iHAM.BURTON Destroys all Plana Insects. Samples 1..) and particulars 6d.--449STANTOX RD., Wimbledon, Surrey. CREM& SEPARATORS.—Highest efficiency award, silver medal.—Particulars, GENERAL " AGENCY SUPLY, Chiswick.

COSTUMEb, all latest styles and colors, well cut, beautifully braided us. 9d. also in Cream Serge 12s. 9d., long Cream Coat Bs. 11d.—WiLsoN, 1, Lowther RD., Liverpool rd., N.

FREE Gift, Diamond Ring.—Write to ARTS AND MANUFACTURES, 80, Wells st. Oxford st,London.

NOT-TIN GliAlll LACES ; 2s. 6d. and ss. parcels; no rubbish; carriage paid.—ALFRED it Co., 56, High Pavement, Nottingham.

pußsb.s.--uusp it Co., LTD., Seven sisters ra., Holloway, London are offering in their Great Summer Sale' 200 real leather purses iu seal and morocco, colours tan, brown, black, heliotrope and rose with hall-marked silver mounts, 5 inside pockets and out- side; is. 6d. each post free, worth 3s. Hid. REAL Comfort.—Ladies and Gent's IA OOLLEN HOSIERY, all sizes blnck and blue, Is. pair.— CITY HOSIERY,CO., 5, Crooked lane, London.

UMBRELLAS at Manutacturers wnolosale prices; beautiful crook handles, solid silver mounted, with initial engraved free, suitable for presentation ; superior Excelsior covers; ladies Bs. Gd., gents Us. 6d.— Postal orders to CLARENCE & THOMAS, Excelsior Works, Rockferry, Cheshire. • •

64 PAGE BOOK ABOUT HERBS and how to use them, Post free. Send for one.—TaimNELL ThP Herbalist, 144, Richmond rd., Cardiff. Established 1878.

Hotels, Hydros, Boarding Estabs.

DOUGLAS.— "THE EDINBURGH," LOCH PROMENADE, facing sea, and within 3 min. of landing pier. Specialities, cleanliness, punctuality, good cooking. Tariff on application to Mrs. HARGREAVES HENSH ALL.

HARROGATE.—Comfortable BOARD RESIDENCE close to baths ; terms moderate.—Miss FOSTER, Greylands, Walker rd. TLFRACOMBE.—CLARK'S HOTEL, On Sea Parade, Frontage. Royal recommendation. Illustrated Tariff. Terms holt) 425.

Apartments. Furnished Houses, Bco

ABERYSTWYTH.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, public and private; terms moderate.—LLOYD, Harcourt House, Trinity rd.

BLACKPOOL—Best accommodation.—Mrs.MiLLEß, 26 Grosvenor st.

BLACKPOOL —AeAR OMNI'S, public or private. Mrs. W. ROBINSON, 85, Corouation st., near Central Station.

LACKPOOL.—Mr. HORSF,FIELD, 49, Keswick rd., Central rd; beds 25.. double bedroom 3s. 6d. Piano; bath, &c.

BLACKPOOL.—Mrs. ASPDEN, 107, Lytham rd., (near sea), Comfortable APARTMENTS; terms 2s. ler bed and attendance.

P‘-

===== 0002601_19090703_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
Bigg

BLACKPOOL.—APARTMENTS, 14 single bed- rooms; terms 2s. per bead inclusive; good accommodation for cyclists.—Mrs. FORR EST, 96, Hornby rd.

COLWYN BAY.—Homely APARTMENTS, near Sea and Woods.—For terms apply td Mrs. G. ROWLAND, Alma Towers, Rhiw rd.

CRICCIETH, NORTH WALES.—FARMHOUbE to Let Furnished, or APARTMENTS ; two sitting, six bedrooms; beautifully situated ; near golf, tennis, bathing, fishing.—Miss DAVIES, Cefniwrcb.

Apartments, Furnished Houses,Bcc

KIRK MICHAEL, Isle of Man.—Furnished House or , APARTMENTS, near sea and station.— Address, ERINVILLE.

T LANDUDNO.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, near 1-41 pier, piano; board if required; modetate.—Mrs. HOLROYD, Plas rd.

LLANWRST, N. Wales.—Comfortable sitting and bedroom after the 17th. Very moderate.—Mrs. ECKLEY, ArvOti View.

LLANDODNO.—APARTMENTS, one minute to promenade. Moderate terms.—Mrs. HODGETTS, Bodlondeb, Mostyn Avenue.

LYTHAM.—Homely and comfortable APARTMENTS near semi piano ; bath; terms moderate.— BURGESS, 10E, Warton at. LLANFAIRFECHAN.-Comfortable APARTMENTS, pleasantly situated ; sea and mountain view; bath; moderate.—RoßEßTs, Brook Bank, Valley rd.

MORECAMBE.—Overlooking Bay; large bed-sitting- room ; A VARTMENTS or Boarding 30s. week.- 9, HIGHFIELD CRESCENT.

MORECAMtIE.—PubIic or Private. Terms moderate. Highly recommended. Two minutes promenade. —Mrs. BAILEY. 135 Westminster rd.

yIORECAMBE.—HomeIy APARTM EN TS, pleasantly situated, good cooking, two minutes from sea; accommodation for cycles.—Mrs. L. G. HARTLEY, Fern Mount, 80, Chatsworth rd.

XTEW BRlGHTON.—Superior APARTMENTS, 1, Sandfield rd., Sea Bank rd.—Mrs. HOYLE.

HYL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS; near pro- menade and station; good cooking and attend- ance.—KlN G STON HOUSE, Russell rd.

SOUTHPORT.—APARTMENTS public and private : good cooking; 2 minutes from Cheshire Lines : 5 minutes from L. Y. Station.—Mrs. WALKER, 105, King at.

TELEPHONE: 312, RIISHOLME. A. HOLT, 55 Princess Rd., Moss Side, MANC— g TEETH Erro TEETH Er r 111061 HOURS: 10 TO 12; 2 TILL 8. SATenro 03' Over 20 sears with late 3 H. Parliiasov,

(,otcctilief ;IP -r —I EtArlitivroiL\ "r.',

It, EARNEST YOUNG MEN ' -ALL FIND A USEFUL AND PROFITABLE p1,,81111-ERE IN THE SERVICE OF THE Th-o'‘'NEER LIFE ASSURANCE CO. .Ne„ 8e resident in Lancashire Yorkshire, Midlands, -castle, North and South Wales preferreg. Iljom.r, PARTICULARS POST FREE. • "LER LIFE OFFICE, 67, DALE ST.

LIVERPOOL,

11-1 E EXAMINER, JULY 3RD, 1909. '

It is sometimes the oLIMBING expected that happens, DOWN, not always the unex- ty pected, as was declared f,°1.4 BEACONSFIELD. As a simple matter \ll7t, somethi i ng has come to pass that s 111:31,4 in harmony with the anticipations of 'AN'lalk of sensible Englishmen. The day LLOYD-GEORGE made his Budget "Dli:eh, most dealers in intoxicating liquors 19ti their prices and along with their toteei,! they put up a plain and conspicuous in their customers. It was in terms •.,.ething like this :- 13tid et, 1909,—1n consequence of the new -14ti'xigth:e of all spirits sold at this shra emabli 81482, c will be increased by a penny per 4a.t h ad cost threepence thenceforth tD cost ,elice• What had cost fourpence—that saY, any special brand of spirits— Ivhsc;eeforth cost fivepence. The poor man to Nlbriee Whisky is a forbidden luxury, had the d 2f his beer increased. Nothing that to'o done to make the Budget disagree- every class of consumer of liquor of he irituous kind was left unattempted. ices were raised to an extent which 'lle ofttablkeeping of licensed premises more .Nveree than it has ever been sirice licensees *st issued. The Budget has by this bn13111:t a few unanticipated millions into -etets of" the Trade." It seems, h0w- ,111143i4 that this has not proved to be good ' )1114 eerl , eB* Our own early expectations have /1 verified. The bouncing of the public la ao c't Droved to be actually profitable. It 1)141 'e ViSable for men engaged in any kind of kle:Da transaction to place themselves and themselves, in an agreeable Sand

===== 0002601_19090703_art0050.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_19090703_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
honest relationship to their customers. If you bully your customer, he will go to another shop. If you secretly cheat him, he will do the same thing when he finds you out—or something worse. If you openly cheat him (which means taking him for a fool) he may probably hit back. Now, "the Trade," or a large portion of it, took to open tyranny over the public, not because it wanted to injure its customers,but because it desired to make a great case against the Budget. Prices went up with a bound far beyond anything that the Budget could justify. A man who drunk ever so little could not get his drink at a reasonable price, less because the Budget had made spirits somewhat d6,rer than because "the Trade" had determined to disgust the public with Mr. LLOYD-GEORGE. It was obvious from the beginning that this excessively unintelligent opposition to the financial pro- posals of the Government could not continue for very long. There were many dealers in licensed drinks who were sensi.ble enough to take the view that the policy adopted by most Brewery Trusts and firms of distillers and owners of scores and hundreds of licensed houses was a mistake. They were not tied to this or the other great undertakings, and they dealt with their customers as if they supposed them to have brains enough to understand what the Budget really meant. And they kept their trade therefore. If they gave a little less drink for the money, or a little more water to keep the quantity all right, they did not charge a penny for what cost them a farthing. And this is the kind of wisdom that has been justified of its children. These reasonable publicans, to whom a demonstration against the Budget seemed less important than the maintenance of their trade, have kept their customers, and have made their usual profits. These observations bring us to • our real subject. The demons trators against the Budget have climbed down. They climbed down on Wednesday. The glass of whisky that was raised from threepence to fourpence can once more be obtained for threepence. The various "specials "that had been raised to fivepence are down again to fourpence. This not only answers, but actually exceeds, our expectations. We never had any doubt that prices would rush down again as soon as the Budget was through, but we did believe that they would be kept up so long as the enhanced price could be made to serve any political purpose. We were mistaken, as we admit. It is evident that the man who drink also thinks. He has taken the measure of the movement against him, and has acted accordingly. For which reason, "the Trade," or perhaps we ought to say the men who have tried to dominate "the Trade," have, as we previously remarked, climbed down, and have no doubt learned a lesson also.

All hail to their Majes- ALL HAIL! ties! Warrington's welcome on Tuesday will reach the highest pinnacle of loyal enthusiasm. The townspeople are bubbling over with eagerness to raise a shout of welcome, and to demonstrate their affec- tionate regard for the gracious Monarch who presides over the destiny of this great Empire with such kingly dignity and statesmanlike wisdom. Their tribute of love and loyalty will know no measure, and only the presence of the Queen, whose tender sympathy for the humblest subject has for so long endeared her to every heart, can cause any division in the volume of popular acclaim. Long life, and health, and happiness to their Majesties is the prevailing sentiment, and it will be adequately expressed in the warmth of Warrington's welcome. ,

• Mr. Asquith has called THE RALLYING for a rally of the Party CRY. to the defence of the _ _ _

Budget in the great campaign which has just been inaugurated. His appeal will be answered with enthusiasm. As Mr. Winston Churchill says, there are great issues—financial, fiscal, imperial, and social—which depend upon the Budget. And if it should befall—though, in spite of Lord Rothschild's sinister suggestion that if there is clamour enough raised by the vested interests, "the Lords will do their duty," we will not suppose people bad until they prove to be so—that a great constitutional issue should overshadow all the rest, the courage and energy of the Liberal Party will be not daunted, but braced and stimulated, by the necessity of fighting for the supreme power in matteis of finance which the elected representatives of the people have enjoyed for 250 years. Mr. Crosfield, M.P., strikes the right note in a letter to the Progressive Labour League which we publish in another column. There is an inspiring tone about his reference to the Budget: "Whatever opposition is offered and publicly threatened," he says "whether by financiers in the City, or territorial magnates in the Lords, we have got to carry it and we will! " The Borough Member does not mince matters in indicating the nature of the opposition to Liberal reforms, and we feel sure that his constituents in Warrington will fully agree with him that the party is up against the forces of monopoly, privilege and selfishness. Never was this fact more clearly manifested than it is to-day by the fight for the Budget. The path of reform is blocked; the issue lies between pocket and progress; and it must be a source of great satisfaction to the democracy of the country to see the determined attitude of the Libergl and Labour parties in the crisis. They mean to brook no interference and, for ourselves, we have unshaken faith in the ultimate succes of right against might. The classes have flouted the masses too long and retribution looms stern and resistless on the horizon.

Mr. Havelock Wilson, LABOUR M.P., delivered a sound EXCHANGES. and convincing address at the open-air meeting on Monday evening. He is a man possess- ing a full title to speak for Labour and he made it abundantly clear to his hearers that the present Government has done more for the workers and the masses in its short but strenuous existence than has been achieved during the previous twenty years. Mr. Wilson has an honest respect for the Liberal legislature of to-day, but he is not a slavish worshipper at the shrine of party. While he admires the Government he does not consider it infallible, and he has made no secret of his contempt for the proposed Labour Exchanges. Mr. Wilson stands

===== 0002601_19090703_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
almost alone in his disbelief in this latest scheme for lessening unemployment, but he is not to be thought any the less of on that account. We give him credit for the sturdi- ness of his convictions while we dissent from his judgment on Mr. Churchill's scheme. Mr. Wilson is a little at fault in condemning the Labour Exchanges before they have been tried, and it is necessary to remember that there is a large body of enlightened reformers who have faith in the sug- gested means for preventing the waste in work and labour which is continually going on through the want of a central informative and informing organisation. A White Paper issued this week dealing with the cost of Labour Exchanges should clear away many wild statements and esti- mates. Mr. Churchill calculates that 240 Exchanges will be required. These, with all necessary expenditure in -working, will cost about £lOO,OOO this year, and the charge will rise to a maximum of .£210,000 next year. As the permanent buildings are erected the amount saved on rent will be about £lO,OOO a year, and by 1919 the annual cost will have been reduced to £lBO,OOO. That is not too much to pay for machinery that by organising the supply of labour will probably reduce the annual loss in wages and on relief by many times the amount. We look for- ward to the setting up of these Exchanges with high hopes. They are not a solution of the unemployed problem, but they are the first and absolutely necessary step in finding a solution.

Two resignations CHANGES IN THE caused by ill-health MINISTRY, have necessitated a certain . amount of readjustment in the Ministry. Lord Fitz- maurice, who has thus been obliged, under imperative medical advice, to terminate a long and honourable career, has been a strenuous worker for the cause of Liberalism and of oppressed and suffering humanity in many parts of the world. Though his appointment to the office of Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster nominally severed his connection with the Foreign Office, he con- tinued to represent that Department in the House of Lords. It is twenty-nine years since he was placed on the Commission to recognize Crete and the European Provinces of Turkey; and forty years since he entered Parliament. Mr. T. R. Buchanan has done good work, first as Financial Secretary to the War Office, and then as Under-Secretary for India. It would be impossible to imagine any Cabinet which would not find a notable acquisition in a young statesman with the administrative capacity and debat- ing skill of Mr. Herbert Samuel. The Master of Elibank, who succeeds Mr. Buchanan at the India Office, was distinguished by the tact and geniality with which he performed the duties of Scottish Liberal Whip.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
rNOTES 11.N‘D NOTIONS.

We suppose the Suffragettes will look upon thirteen as their lucky number, seeing that on Tuesday they had their thirteenth and record raid on the House of Commons. It was a record, and a success, because 122 raiders (mostly ladies) were arrested by the police. Mrs. Pankhurst smacked an inspector's face, but in most respects the demonstration was lacking in the dramatic sense. The attitude of the general public was one of amused tolerance rather than sympathy, and evidence is not lacking that the violent tactics of the raiders are doing the cause no good. The public is apt to tire of people whose main arguments appear to be noise and naughtiness. * * *

The wording of the loyal address from Warrington to the King appears to have given little satisfaction locally, judging from the severe strictures which we have heard passed upon it. Certainly there is nothing of an objectionable character about the wording; it is not even lacking in taste, but fsomething not quite so bald and colourless was expected. Warrington might be the most insignificent of mushroom townlets, instead of an ancient borough with a distinguished past, for all that the addresq indicates. It seems to us that the address might very properly have been drafted with some pretensions to literary and historic flavour, in preference to the stereotyped and soulless formula which has been adopted. * * *

It happens sometimes, even in England, the land of lovers of horseflesh, that the winner of many races is brought as low as to end its days between the shafts of a cab or warehouse dray, but the custom is unknown here of selling such unfortunate specimens of their race as butcher's meat at 21d. a pound. That has happened in Bavaria, where a paper displays an advertisement headed "Good Appetite ! " and with the picture of a racer, announcing that "the horse, Sad Affair,' which fell at the Baden races recently, and had to be killed, will, from Saturday next, be sold to all corners at 30 pfennige the pound." "Sad Affair " indeed! * * *

The venerable Sir Francis Sharp Powell, M.P.. who entered his 83rd year on Tuesday, was the recipient of many congratulations. Indeed, in the course of the all-night sitting, many of his friends were despatching tele- grams to the aged baronet from the Parlia- mentary Post Office. Sir Francis, whose Parliamentary experience is older thon that of any other member of the present House of 'Commons, first entered St. Stephen's as the member for Wigan in the year 1857— upwards of half-a-century ago. He sits at the present time for the same constituency, but in the interim he has represented other divisions, and, incidentally, it may be stated that he has contested more elections than any other man living. * * *

The price of beer, which is at present the subject of considerable controversy, was the cause of a great dear of trouble long before Mr. Lloyd-George became Chancellor of the Exchequer. Threepence a mart was the price fixed for beer by an Act passed in the reign of William 111., but when the duty on malt was increased in 1761, the publicans, at the instigation of the brewers, raised it to 31d. a quart. This was contrary to the law, and consquently several Westminster publicans were summoned and fined. After- wards the price was quickly lowered; but not before the consumers had forcibly sh6wn their disgust at the action of the' Trade.. Their prediction that, though the duty on malt and hope had increased, the brewers, without advancing their prices would still be able to :make great fortunes,, has been justified by history.

* * * Some of the Birkenhead Thriff Reformers had a very unhappy time of it last week. As a counterblast to Mr. Gleave's Free Trade campaign, they held several open-air meet-- ings in the borough in adv'ocacy of the Birmingham fiscal heresy, characteristically arranged after MT. Gleave had departed from the borough'. Unfortunately for them (says' the "Liverpool Post and Mercury 'I), the hecklers turned up at each meeting- in

strong force, and pelted them unmercifully with questions. Some of these questions proved such hard nuts that the speakers absolutely declined to attempt to crack them, and in one instance the gathering was so hostile that it was abandoned to the defenders of Mr. Lloyd-George's Free Trade Budget. An elderly voter, who remembered a time when it was dangerous to say a word in public against the Tory rulers of the town was heard to say, " Ah, we are getting a bit of our own back now!" * *

One of the grimmest struggles in the long history of interhational cricket is taking place at Leeds. So far, the sides are practi- cally on level terms, though the Cornstalks, with a lead of 181 and two wickets to fall look like giving England a tough proposition for the final innings to-day. By a curious eoincidence our photograph of Jessop, on page 7, and the hopeful note underneath were being printed off at the time of the most unfortunate mishap to the mighty hitter. His loss to the side cannot be estimated at the time of writing. Let us hope that the result of the match will provide sojne con- solation for unhappy England.

LOCAL NEWS.

Practical_ Poultry Farming.

Our poultry colu-nin is unavoidably held over till next week.

Athletic Success. At Lytham athletic sports, on Monday, S. Harrison, of Warrington, was successful in winning the 440 yards obstacle race (open).

===== 0002601_19090703_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
Progressive LabOui League._

Councillor Porter, of Manchester, will be the speaker at the open-air meeting in connection with the Progressive Labour League, to be held near Arpley Cannons on Monday evening next.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
Grammar School _Scholarships.

At a meeting of the governors of the Boteler Grammar Schoolheld on Tuesday afternoon the vacant Boteler's Scholarships were awarded to Charles W. Healey and Leslie J. Witts, both pupils of Arpley- street School.

TRAVELLING TRUNKS, DRESS _ BASKETS, SUIT

CASE, etc. Special lines-at 175., 205., 225., and 265. GARLAND, Bridge St., Warrington.—Advt. Yeomanry Band in the Park. An acceptable holiday attraction was provided at Bank Park yesterday afternoon when, by kind per- Mission of Colonel Sir Peter Walker, Bart., and the officers, the band of the Derbyshire Imperial Yeomanry played an excellent programme of music. Death of Mrs. Morris, Latchford.

We announce with regret the death of Mrs. Morris the wife of Mr. Daniel Morris, Belvoir, Latchford, which occurred on Monday last after a long and painful illness. Deceased was interred in the Grappenhall Parish Churchyard on Thursday in the presence of many relatives and friends.

Children's Summer Camp. The committee of the above have pleasure in iranowledging the receipt of the sum of £6O from Miss Florencs Lowe (the lion. secretary), being the proceods of the recent garden fete at Darlington Lodge. The commtttee also thank the Padgate Lawn Tennis Club fbr their kindness in giving a quantity of lawn tennis balls for the use of the children.

erritorial Open-Air Service. The local Territorial Battalion will parade for divine service to-morrow (Sunday) afternoon. They will fall in at the Drill Hall at three o'clock and proceed to the Warrington Football Field, Wilderspool-road, which has been kindly lent for the occasion. The band and bugle band will, attend. A collection will be made on behalf of the Warrington Children's Summer Camp. •

TENNIS, CROQUET, AND GARDEN FURVETUR. J. S. GARLAND, Bridge st., Warrington.—Sclvt. Bankruptcy Court. At the Warrington Bankruptcy Court yesterday, before Mr. Registrar Ridgway, William Newall Grounds of 23, Orford-road, Warrington. appeared for his public examination. Mr. Arthur Browne feprigented the debtor whose liabilities amounted to £175 Is. id. and his assets to £2, leaving a deficit' of 1,173 is. Id. He is a commercial clerk and stated that he had been out of employment since January last. He attributed his failure to lack of employment, ill-health of his family. also to the fact of his house- hold and personal expenditure being in evess of his income —The examination then closed.

THE KING'S VISIT.—FLAGS, STREAMERS, BUNT- ING, etc., for sale or hire. Large stock. —GARLAND, Bridge st., Warrington.—Advt.

Death of Mr. H. G. Johnston. Many of our readers will regret to bear of the death of Mr. Henry George Johnston, who passed away at his residence in St. Mary-street on Tuesday, at the age of 56 years. For many years the deceased gentleman conducted a private school at Lorne House, Froghall-lane, and all his old pupils held him in the highest regard. The funeral took place at Grappen- ball on Thursday, the Rev. H. V. Pigot officiating. The mourners included Messrs. M. and C. Johnston (sons), Miss Johnston (daughter), Dr. Joseph, and Mr, Wel s by.

The Strike at Messrs. Whyman's. We are very pleased to be able to announce that the difficulties between Messrs. Whyman and tlfeir foundry employees have been smoothed over by the aid of tactful mediation from Alderman Smethurst. He was waited upon by a number of the men who had been locked out through the wages dispute for 17 weeks, and agreed to approach the firm. Messrs Why-man met Alderman Smethurst very readily, and his proposals were jointly agreed to. A large number of the men will return to work on Monday next, it being understood that they now accept the terms offered originally by Messrs. Whyman.

Mr. William Crosfleld's Estate. Mr. William Crosfield, a prominent member of the Liverpool City Council, and a well-known Congrega- tionalist, who died suddenly at the Town Hall after a public speech on the 17th May last, aged 71, left estate valued at £27,670 gross and at £22,006 net. Probate has been granted to his daughter, Miss D. M. Crosfield, of Fulwood-road, and his nephew, Mr. E. Crosfield Pearson, of 22, Booth-street, Manchester, solicitor. He left £2OO to his wife and daughter upon trust to dis- tribute the same at. their discretion amongst such charitable objects as they may select. The residue of his property he left to his wife for life, with remainder to his daughter, Dora Margaret Crosfield, absolutely LAWN MOWERS.—Several good machines on sale

in good condition at prices from 12s. 6d.-51, Bridge at., Warrington.—Advt. Personal.

Mr. Dyott W. Darwall, of Hatfield Hall, Ihrham, has passed the first year examination in arts of this University. There were 72 candidates, of wlibm 32 were successful.

, Mr. C. Mawson, A.R.C.A. (London) headmaster of the. Warrington School of Art, has been elected to the associateship of the National Society of Art Masters. St. James' Latchford Parish Magazine says :—Our congratulations are tendered to the Rev H. H. Corsbie who recently passed the examination for the degree of Master of Arts and had that degree con- ferred upon him by the University of Durham, on June 22nd.

Railway Staff Picnic. • The staff of the District Goods Office of the London and North-Western Railway at Warrington held their ginnial picnic on Saturday, when Keswick was visited. The party numbered 28 and . included Mr: Sargent ,(manager Of the Warrington District) and his staff; 1,11.: S. H. • Hunt (distriet superintendent, •Garston) ; Mr. J. B. r'rkhotiSe' (Mr. Sargent's assistant) ; and M. A- Banks- (chief clerk). Leaving Warrington at '6'.45, Keswick was reached'at 11.15 and dinner was partaken of at the. Keswick Hotel. Afterwards the party drove by' the East side of Dementwater to Rostwaite, returning: to' Keswick by the West side *_of the Lake. The drive embraced magnificent scenery and opportunity was afforded of seeing the famous Lodore Falls and the• Bowder Stone. The bowling greens in the Fitz Park afforded a pleasant change for enthusiasts in the sport. Tea was served at the Keswick Hotel at five o'clock, and the return journey was commenced at 6.5 p.m., Warrington being reached at 10 o'clock after a highly successful outing. GOOD SECOND-HAND PIANOS, £5 5a., £8 Bs., and £l2 12s. Others at higher prices. Fully guaranteed. Pianos tuned and repaired,—.T. , WooD, 47. London rd, Stockton Heath. Advt.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH'S WALKING DAY PROCESSION,

The weather conditions on Thursday were vastly different to those of last Friday, which was the proposed date of the Stockton Heath Walking Day. Crowds of people gathered on Thursday afternoon to witness the procession; composed of 1,000 Day and Sunday School scholars of St. Thomas's Church, who assembled at the Church at 4.30p.m. The Walton Band headed the procession and the route was as follows : Ellesmere-road, Whitefield-road, Cawdor-street, Orchard-street, London-road, Greenalls-avenue, and on. to a field kindly lent by Messrs. Greenall, Whitley and Co., Ltd. The chief marshal was Mr. F. Rose. Amongst those walking in the procession were the Revs. J. Collins and H. A. Lester, Messrs. T. Sharrocks, W. Mclntyre, James Whitley, A. Moss, Miss Whitlow and Miss Langley (superintendents, boys, girls and infants 'respectively). Conveyances were lent by lgessrs. G. Bowden, J. Endersby, J. Jones, Barton, J. Lillie and H. Singleton. Arrived at the field, games and sports took place. A band, under the conductorship of Mr. Wray, was in attendance on the field.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
An Impudent Burg!ar.

A burglary of a Very impudent nature was com- mitted on Tuesday evening, when the house of Mr. Robert Cragg, Ellesmere-road, Lower Walton, was broken into and Is. 3d., a gentleman's coat, a quantity of food and a collar were taken. The peculiar feature about it is that Mr. and Mrs. Cragg were in bed at the time. It appears that the burglar, who is believed to be a tramp. entered through the front window and carried several coats from the hall into the back kitchen A purse containing is. 3d. was taken off the mantel- piece. The burglar then went to the pantry where he helped himself to some cheese, sucked two eggs, ate bread and jam, and consumed a pot of salmon. That was not enough, for he daubed the table and the tea- pot with jam, leaving the gas alight and the doors open as he took his leave. Mr. Cragg rose at 6 o'clock on Wednesday morning and finding the place in a state af disorder gave information to the police. The culprit has not been found.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BRIDGE.

Another Meeting but Little Progress.

Another meeting of the Bridge sub-committee was held on Monday morning at the Town Hall, when Mr. Webster C.E. attended and submitted several designi for the new structure. Owing to the inconvenient hour at which the meeting was called there was a small att end/ince.

The General Purposes Committee met in the after- noon of the stme day and discussed the minutes of the previous Bridge sub-committee, re the appointment of Mr. Webster and the terms of his appointment. The meeting was of a very lengthy and acrimonious character, the question being again raised by one or two members as to the advistbility of erezting an iron bridge or a ferro-concrete one, but the former pro- posal was not entertained by the committee in general. The minute of the Bridges sub-committee was referred back to the committee for further consideration. Although Mr. Webster was in attendance, he was not called into the room and the meeting ended without any decision being arrived at.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
TRAGIC OCCURRENCE AT PENKETH.

Heart Failure in A Swimming Bath.

A gloom has been cast over Penketh and Sankey by the sudden death of Fred Sparkes, aged 21. Stocks Lame, which occurred on Thursday afternoon. It appears that on the morning of Thursday deceased had a game of bowls, after which he .went home and partook of a hearty dinner. At 3 o'clock he proceeded to the Penketh Park Baths, which he had been in the habit of attending, and swam 3 or 4 yards in the water of the depth of about 5 feet. Suddenly he went down, and Daniel Atherton who was swimming near made a Plucky attempt to rescue him. Sparkes did not rise again, and on being taken out of the water artificial respiration was resorted to for an hour by Dr, Murray and P.C. Houghton. However, attempts to revive him were in vain, and it is believed that death .was due to heart failure brought about by the shock of the cold water following upon a heavy meal. The deceased who was a well-developed young fellow attended Sankey Church and was a member of the Order of Druids. Much sympathy is extended to his relatives in their tragic bereavement. The inquest is expected to take place to-day (Saturday).

===== 0002601_19090703_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
BOATING DISASTER ON THE

MERSEY.

Warrington Man Drowned.

A boating fatality occurred on the Mersey between Widnes and Warrington yesterdu morning, the victim being a young man named Percy Buckley, living at 27, Atherton-street, Warrington. It appears that on Thunday evening, two friends of the deceased named Arthur Phillips, Bewsey-lane Cottage, near Warring- ton, and John Badger, 101, Bramhall-street, Warring- ton, set out in a sailing boat for Widnes, where they had arranged to meet the deceased and William Mason 176, Wellfield-street. They had borrowed a small punt for the purpose of going ashore. When they reached Houghton Marsh Point, near. Widnes, the vessel ran. aground. They remained on her over-night and yesterday morning they went ashore in the punt, and walked to. Widnes where they Met the deceas,ed' and Mason. They retraced thek steps. to Houghtmi Marsh Point, and were going back tO the sailing boat, but when they got in mid-stre,ant the punt sprang a leak and in a few minutes it filled and sank.. Badger' swam ashore and his three companions clung' to .the up-turned punt whiclvdrifted up the river at a terrible pace, as the tide was coming in.. They remained in this perilous position for about half an hour when ,Bnekley became exhausted, relinguished his hold. and was drowned. After drifting a long way., hirfri.ends. were at length rescued by Samuel Rustage, of Cartwright-street and Harry Brown, coal dealer, Warrington, who were boating on the river. The body of Buckley has not yet been recovered.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL COURT THEATRE.

"A Noble Mothers"

Lovers of plays of the sensational variety find some- thing to their taste at the Royal Court Theatre where Mr. Herbert Fuller has presented an attractive pro- gramme this week: On Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday evenings a new drama by Mr. Fuller entitled " A noble mother " was performed with considerable • success and it will be repeated this (Saturday) &ening. The play abounds i exciting situationsund there is the thrilling: spectacle of a miser being-'burnt alive whilst enemies appropriate his ill-gotten gains: The company" is a capable one, Miss Agnes Collief as Rita Lingham (a noble mother) and Mr. Edward E. Louis, a.A the rritich7wronged Harry Gilbert. gaining first liorldurs., The scenic effects are on an elaborate • s6ale, and excite much admiration. On Thursday' and last: evening •" The sorrows of .Satan;" a mystic play adopted . from Marie Corelli's rotuatice,'. was admirably' staged,' MiSg-lAgnes Collier and Mr. Herbert'Fuller aoqiitting themselves with distinction in the leading-parts

===== 0002601_19090703_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAMME.

Next week Mr. Sam Livesey, who is a great favourite with Warrington theatre goo's, will present a strong company in the following repertoire :—Monday, Friday and Saturday, "The King of Crime " •, Tuesday and Wednesday, " Lost by Drink " ; Thursday, "Called back." Mr. Livesey, who has gained a high reputation by his portrayal ,of the " Village Blacksmith" will appear in several interesting character studies and the company will also include Miss Maggie Edwards,who has previously played here with considerable success.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. Tom Smith on Hides.

Sir,—Mr. Tom Smith, of Burnley, cannot be con- gratulated upon his second open air speech in favour of Tariff Reform. The last time he spoke I had occasion to point out a glaring false statement in respect to all Anglo-American hides in 1005-6 going back to the States. He has not replied to this. He is unable to substantiate his statement and has not the candour to acknowledge he was wrong. But in the first address if the arguments were misleading,because based on false statements, what must we say of his Ilast effort?

In the report of his adaress I find the following false statements :

First.—" The hides they raised in this country, altogether in themselves were insufficient for the requirements of this country. Yet they exported more hides than they imported." Taking the figures for the last five years the imports, after deducting the re-exports, were £13,094,413, while the exports were £2,870,542, showing we import for home consumption five times as great as we export. Second.—" To-day New York controlled the Hide Market of the world."

This is entirely wrong, as New York has very little influence on the hide market. If he had said that the Chicago Packers by the help of the American 15 per cent. duty on hides controlled the hide market of America Mr. Tom Smith, of Burnley, would have been surprised to find himself nearer the truth than he usually gets.

mid:—" The United States took the opportunity of liquidating the adverse balance between the two countries, and we paid her la*rgely in gold, specie, and silver."

For the four years ending 1908 America sent us in gold and silver £10,000,000 more than we sent her. It is difficult to know how to deal with Mr. Smith, he seems to stand on his head and see everything upside down. Instead of our liquidating the adverse balance by paying America in coin or bullion, as he seems to think, the facts as stated show that America sends us more than we send her.

Fourth.—" He, Mr. Smith, would mention the fact that last year £90,000,000 came to this country in the shape of interest on investments abroad. And "Not one penny of that £90,000,000 paid income tax."

First his figure of £90,000,000 is altogether inaccurate and shows that Mr. Tom Smith of Burnley's knowledge is far from being up-to-date. His statement that this does not pay income tax is altogether false. This income is taxed under Schedules C. and D the same as other incomes.

• Fifth.—" If the United States was the principal source of supply for this country's beef, then it naturally followed that the hides which came off beef found their way back to the States. They then found employment in wages in the tanning of the hides." "He, Mr. Smith made the statement, that the United States sent this country their beef ant then took the hides back again to the manufacturer and that this country paid through the nose for the finished- article."

The United States do mit takekback one tenth of the hides ,they send us on live cattle. The leather they send us in bulk is not made from these hides, but front a different class altogether. "Paying through the nose" for this leather! I suppose by this he means we pay dearly for the leather although why he does not say so in intelligent English Ido not know. The fact is we buy American leather cheaper than the American manufacturers and this ie the great griev- ance of the leather trade, tanners, and boot manufac- turers in America at the present time. They point out that the leather trade of England gets the advantage of their cheap leather, because by exporting the American tanner recovers 99 per cent of the duty which he had to pay when the hides were imported. Sixth.—" The United States admitted these hides free of duty." This statement is also fal3e. An attempt was made to get these hides in duty free as" returned empties" but was unsuccessful. Any Binkenhead hides going back to the States pay a duty of 15 per cent., The existence of this duty emphasizes a point I have elsewhere raised that you cannot in justice have duties to protect one form of industry and leave others unprotected. The cattle-raising industry of America has as much right to protection as the tanning industry, but the American tanners now realize that having to pay 15 per cent. tax on their raw material the advantage arising from their share of the general plunder becomes worthless. I have dealt dbove merely with the false statements. The' false inferences from the false statements might occupy another letter, but let this suffice. I can now leave Mr. Tom Smith to explain his false statements— if be can. I think that we have some right to com- plain of the members of the Warrington Tariff Reform League for 'bringing, and rebringing, a man to advocate their cause in the town who so persistently falsifies the facts. It . may be freely admitted that there is room for differences of opinion in regard to the inferences and the arguments in this large and com- plex question, but surely it would be possible to bring to the town speakers who are prepared to give accurately the facts so that we might at once try to get to close quarters upon the deductions derived .from them.

CHARLES E. PARKER. Penlteth. June 30th, 1909.

s,. F. .- ~Itti.,::., - • ti1..0 ers - • ~,,J,,„,..:,,:,.,,,, ~,i, 0 ~ :. • . •,"A: I. :,...i44 -------'--- ... ilersi."777-''*ltips.,' - - -,...- _,= .• - - t ••• .otlo,- ~-,„::. '.-%. ' ' , -1....• ',..- So ..r --'-'

===== 0002601_19090703_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
MARRIED WOMEN TEACHERS.

Pending Application.

Mr. Justice Eve gave leave yesterday to issue short notice of an application which he will hear in the High Court on Friday next, for an interim injunc- tion to restrain the Warrington Education Committee from acting upon the notices • given to two married lady teachers (Mrs. Stansfield and Mrs. Grounds) pending the trial of the action for a permanent injunction.

Seven persons have been poisoned at Barry through eating shellfish picked from the quay walls of the dock at that place, and one of them, a schoolgirl, Jane Tobin, twelve years of age, died.

PRESERVING STRAWBERRIES, 3s. per dozen DELIVERED FREE within three miles ORDER NOW.

• McDERMOTT, Clie3pest Man Alive." MARKET, WARRINGTON

SMART PUNISHMENT FOR A RAILWAY THIEF. —A MIDNIGHT CAPTURE. The Warrington Police Court presented the appear- ance of a 'warehouse on Tuesday. for on the solicitors' and reporters' desks were piled a great assortment of articles, including boots, clothing, gloves, dress material electro-plated goods, ornaments, soap, biscuits, sardines, and a bicycle, all the proceeds of robberies from the London and North-Western Railway goods warehouse. Bank Quay. A man named Herbert Rose, of 18, Cumberland-street, Latchford, was charged on remand with breaking and entering the warehouse on Sunday. June 20th, and ste3ling the pairs of boots, valued at 355. ; also with stealing between Monday, May 31st, and Tuesday, June Ist, from Bank Quay Goods Warehouse a waterproof shooting coat, valued at three guineas; also with stealing from the warehouse between May 21th and 28th two rolls of satin cloth valued at £5 Is, 2d. ; and also with stealing between February 22nd and 24th, 1908, from the goods yard of the Cheshire Lines Com- mittee a gent's bicycle, valued at a Bs. He pleaded guilty to all the charges. The magistrates on the bench were Mr. H. Roberts (in the chair), Alderman Bolton, and Messrs. J. Rymer Young, W. Richardson, E. Woods, C. Jackson Holmes and I', Locker. Mr. IL T. Tait, solicitor, London, who prosecuted on behalf of the railway companyoaid that in consequence of frequent and somewhat mysterious robberies at the goods warehouse,a special watch was kept by Detective Clarke and Police-constable Hewitt, of the company's police. On Saturday night, June 19th, they were secreted in the building. Shortly after midnight they heard a noise in the warehouse resembling the unpack- ing of a case. On proceeding cautiously to the spot they found the prisoner crawling away on his hands and knees. When caught by the officers, prisoner said "It is a fair cop. I will give in." It appeared the prisoner had gained an entrance through one of the windows on the ground floor of the goods office. In carrying out his work the prisoner generally opened a packing case, took out the goods and then fastened the case securely. When the officers searched the prisoner's house a number of articles were found which the prisoner had admitted having stolen. At least a dozen robberies could be traced to the prisoner extending over a considerable period. Some of the cloth goods had been sold by his relations to people in the neighbourhood where he resided on the representation that they were only patterns. In respect to the theft of the bicycle, Mr. C. E. Pinfold, solicitor for the Cheshire Lines Railway, said two bicycles were transhipped at Ancoats, Mauchester, and arrived at the goods warehouse at Warriugton. Later one was missed, and was subsequently found in the prisoner's house. The magistrates sent prisoner to gaol for twelve months. RAILWAY COMPANY AND STREET PAVING— CORPORATION WIN THEIR CASE.

An important case was heard at a special court held] at the Warrington Police Court on Tuesday to decide the claim of the Cheshire Lines Committee to be exempt under Section 22 of the Private Street Works Act of 1892 from the payment of an apportionment for paving of a passage between 2 to 72, Elaine-street, and 2to 80, Hulme-street. Councillor H. Roberts presided, and other magistrates present were :—Messrs. W. Richardson, 'l'. Locker, J. Rymer Young,and C. Jackson Holmes.—Mr. Rigby Swift (instructed by Mr. J. Lyon Whittle, Town Clerk), represented the Corporation, and Dr. Atkinson (instructed by Messrs. Lingard and Hamp) appeared on behalf of the Cheshire Lines Committee.— Dr. Atkinson pointed out that the section under which the committee claimed exemption, laid it down that a railway company should not be deemed owner or occupier for the purposes of the Act in respect of land "upon which any street shall wholly or partially front or abut and which shall at the time of laying out of such ' street be used by such company solely as part of their line of railway, canal, siding, station or works arid shall have no direct com- munication with such street." They submitted that those conditions obtained in the present case. There was no suggestion that the Cheshire Lines Com- mittee had used the land in Hume-street for other than railway purposes. That land had absolutely been put to no use whatever except as a precautionary strip of land. At one time a stable was erected, but no rent was paid for it. With regard to the land in Elaine- street, the only use that had been made of it, was that some of the platelayers in the employ of the railway company had small gardens. Those men had used the land without permission, and bad paid no rent what- ever. Certain small gaps were made in order that the men could get on the land, but those openings bad been closed up by March ISth.—Evidence in support of the committee's claim was given by Mr. Charles Henry Atkins, assistant surveyor and engineer, who stated that so far as he knew the committee had no intention of using the land for any other than railway purposes. The paving of the streets would not benefit them in any way.—George Monks, permanent way inspector, stated that the gardens had been there for ten or twelve years. The gates were made out of the fence which had been erected by the company and were kept locked.— Mr. Rigby Swift, addressing the Bench for the Corpor- ation, said that if the railway company were exempted the whole of the cost must be borne by the other ownels of property in that street. Before the claim cocld succeed it was necessary that the strip of land should be used for purposes of the station, siding, or works, and the mere fact that the Lind was acquired and was not used at all did not give the company the privilege of being free from the obligations of other property owners. The section was very explicit, and the fact that now and again there was some tipping done there was not sufficient to bring the land under the descrip- tion of "works." Tbe specific duty of user was implied in the section. -He also contended that there was a communication between the land and the street, and said he could also bring evidence to show that the gaps in the fence in Elaine-street were not closed up until March 18th.—After the Bench had con- sulted in private, the Chairman said the railway com- pany had not proved to the satisfaction of the Bench that the laud was being used solely as part of the rail- way, station, siding, or works, or that there was no communication with the street. They therefore dis- missed the objection, and on the application of Mr. Rigby Swift they allowed 20 guineas costs.—Mr. Rigby Swift said that there waa £450 actually in dispute in the case.

~,.. . .'' ,- • ~ • .•:.:- ,•-,.., •!''........::-:,":•_____ .?,6aTf......_-_-_ • :. •-•.-- . ' .11--...;••44. its • '. • ~ 4 -_—_—_ - ... 0 .. ;•• • .. Itlin the , ..,_____ :.g.4 .-.E.., , . ------,-..-±,t 4 .. • • , „.•,..,._, et,ukts , .., . .„.... , _ , . " _ ... .. ...,......,•-.... r

===== 0002601_19090703_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH WALKING DAY.

Photo

Tonge.

* I ~ \ - ". "•-:':.:•: ;,:, : ...... . ,'. '::. , '1,5;1; ..,' : tl .. -. . ' .. • ..,, - • . .. , .:. ~ : - : •:- .:::-!...:::. .:.:,...,4;•:'?.. ~ •T• 44 , •-•,,........, • , ~ ... :,...„.• ~.-...:::-.:,.,..:•0,,,:g...,,,, .„ . • -,.;•....,.....:• •• _;:,:,;,.....,,i:-..,...4.t,-....!,::::::;:::•::,:.:•,..,..>:t..... ~$,. .•••••:',...,,,,,.. .., • ..,.... , .......: , , . ...„. . ,•,..,.....,...,.,,,-... : ~.ek..1•••....4ir.t.t,;,•;•,-;,,,,:.•,:..,:.:•.:,,,,,z:...-••:•• ••11,4‘..-•.• .. '0:ell-, ~.. ~,,. . : ~.4 .;.- ~ ,:. .-. !`::1,-.4§,.,',,,,...,.'Z',' .:;': •• - •' ' - , /•• ..k`• tiy-t .....,.....,...,-;:-,...- ~...,......„.1.,.-..,..:.:...,,,,.„.,.:...4.-:,..;..iAip.,.:-...- -...:-...,--........ f.:7:t , .... .50,.: "A ';'-- ' .; - .......,..;:,,,,..,........:.:.,.. -.,,„_. ...1.., ~,....-.4..,,:,,,.,A,...,....i.,.1.,c,,d-.<,---...:•••.,7rt.::,,,,,,7„.,-.- i....<-.0...=-1,-ii-,,,:ti,,_,...*.:,,....,6.•:!,-7..''',-i t«.4-...:4-cf.,,. ;-:',.• -"fo'"""' ' • 4/16,1-i,-,41 lw s 1'4,-,,t----.. .......... • ......?., ....„.........,.:,.„-.....-5.v-, .i.,. % .....-..., f ''' - ,-..7.'4•,-.i.'''!,;-,.-, .. :,-,,,,,i - „,, 4 ~,•-1,... '' 7: '.' i-i- .ti.!s:::,f,:'-';',"--4'.... --,.:. " 'f'' ''' . ' . tAkk.- ..; . .•':'. '',......,...:',7,...•;,,. .'.. -, *.', ~ .''.' .. ' . -. ' ',- 7. , ~ !F.., ;r-.',.' ..;14 -...,,,,' .. • ... , -. . - .t. ...".......,...,:„.-::-.A,i;-..., • ,••• , , tv'.,,- -.',lv • •v•-, • ' ,'?:%,'.4. ~#':•:,.-.'•• - •.`: --,4 ....; ...... ~,,,,,-..-..4,-...4......it , • 14 , • ~a ~toe• ••.' ; . .11,,,?.. 'l4',.'‘#::: .*:, ,• , .: ...r. " ~.„;,:, . ~. , .. , . . t.ga: $' - k .::': - , ,:4 1 j„,'; ,' „ ' , 1,.. • ~, .. .. : • ''i' • :., 4../,` ' i: ::. ..ir•:.:'..N4 , .?;,•>l. ~',..:. .' .-.P. - • ' r,t. • • ' , v ~.,p. . • ..&,.. ~.,:f vWV.g,',lO. • 'N',„ .-....,w1 ,„,.,„ _. 4 -...,u' 17.''' W.: '.',.';;#ol_:,* ~!' :,,,e'.•-•:•.:-i;,"'. : i• l','.;•:- :-. •.: ~4ct le'. ..'1 ' 17, , • , ' ',,' . 1 .':,.•, ~'"i1t,'.,,,,!,A. ~'...?'••••' R .• r; ~ t., 1., 4„:.--)t}:14,,, - ,- ...•-•'„,,,. ~,v....,i..:. -,(....,-...1v.4,-.t:.A,..,‘,+.44,,,.:-;,...„.. 1 ..:..: ~...„T,-k.: 4.,..' , . ,4::-...-..----,'.,,,.; *. '.. ~. . .: -1:,',-...:,-....:ii1.r.i:V. tv,.- • ~,...,..)..., :,..,..-.- , -f. ~. ..

===== 0002601_19090703_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Borough Court.

SATURDAY.—Before Messrs. J. W. Hayward (presiding), R. T. Fairclough, A. J. Jolley, Councillor Dr. Joseph Dr. Markel, Mr. John Upson, and Mr. T. Pemberton. SHOP THEFT.—James Hampsen, no settled abode, was charged on remand with having stolen three pairs stockings from the shop of Richard Tebbutt, 115, Bridge-street, on Monday.—The Chief Constable said that prisoner was before the Court on the previous Tuesday. Impressions of his finger prints had been sent to Scotland Yard, and it was found that he had been twice previously convicted for theft.—Prisoner, who had nothing to say, was sent to gtol for a month with hard labour.

MONDAY.—Before the Mayor (Alderman W. J. Forshaw), the Deputy Mayor (Alderman James Smethurst), Alderman James Evans, Councillor Wilkinson, Messrs. H. Thornton, G. Pilling and William Furness. ASSAULT ON HIS MOTHER.—Percy Quinn, Do!menu's- lane, was charged with being drunk and disorderly on Saturday evening in Dolman's-lane, and also with assaulting his mother by kicking her.—lnspector Forster said that prisoner was drunk and he took two running kicks at his mother whilst she was on the floor. Mrs. Quinn said that although he had kicked her, it was not she whom he tried to kick. It was her other son that he intended to kick.—Sergeant Barnett said that the prisoner made a deliberate kick at her. Prisoner: I deny it; I made a kick at my brother.— Sergeant Barnett: His brother was not. there, and had not been for a couple of minutes.—Prisoner maintained that he kicked his mother unintentionally; he always took his mother's part.—The bench imposed a fine of t.)os. and costs or one month's imprisonment. TRADESPEOPLE SUMMONED FOR OBSTRUCTION.— John Cheadle, greengrocer, GG, Orford lane, was sum- moned for causing obstruction in Orford-lane on the 19th June, by leaving various goods on the footpath.— P.C. Gibson gave evidence and said that he told defendant's wife to remove the goods early in the afternoon, and later he went round and they were still there.—Defendant said that he had only just go e in when the policeman came round again.—The case was dismissed.—Elizaheth Smith, greengrocer, 86, Orford. lane was summoned for obstructing .the footpath on the 19th June by leaving various goods there.—P.C. Gibson said that defendant said she was not going to take them in Until Cheadle took his in.—The case was dismissed.—Joseph Marsh, Ironmonger, 15, Padaate- lane, was summoned for obstruction on the 19th June. —Defendant pleaded not guilty.—P.C. Gibson said that on the date in question he saw some step-ladders and fireguards and other things. He asked the defendant's dbughter to remove them. On going later he found that some of the things had been taken in. He went into the shop and saw the defendant,who said that there were several tradesmen about the town who left their goods on the footpath. He was not going to take them in, the constable could report him. Defendant brought several more things out and placed them with the ot hers. Defendant (to constable) : How many feet of the parapet are claimed by the Corporation ?—Constable: I don't know.—Defendant: Do you know how many feet are owned by the landlords ?—Constable: No.— Defendant: You are evidently not very well educated in these details. When you came to my place you found my daughter at five minutes to three. She complied to your request as to the taking in of the gaods with the exception of taking two fireguards in. About five o'clock I entered the shop; I had no sooner entered than 'you came in. In what tone did you speak to my daughter ?—Constable: In a respectable manner.— Defendant: You addressed her in a most indignant manner and said that you would force her to take them

in.—Constable • Nothing of the sort took place.— Defendant, addressing the Bench, said that, opposite his place of business was another shop, in the same line of business. His parapet was only 4ft. fins. That person bad at the same time three dolly tubs out. When the constable told him (the defendant) that he was exercis- ing his duty by telling him to take the goods in, be asked the constsble if he had been to the other people across the road. He said be bad not. That was the way he was carrying out the law. The width of his parapet was lift. 2 inches. Eight feet was claimed by the landlord. He intended to mark it, "private."—The Chief Constable said that the constable was quite flabbergasted when he spoke to the defendant., as the magistrates would see from the way in which he had spoken in the Court that morning. 'the defendant did not use gentle words to the constable. The defendant was summoned 25 years ago.—A fine of ss. and costs was imposed. DOGS. COLLARS, AND LICENCES.—John Wiflism Clare, 11, Stevenson-street, was tined is. for keeping a dog without a collar.—Emlyn Evans, 177, Thelwill-lane, was summoned for having a dog which bad a collar without a name upon it.—The defendant said the plate had been taken off .—The case was withdrawn.—Herbert Hughes,farmer, was lined ls.for keeping a dog without a collar John Himsworth,general dealer, 86,Buttermarket- street, was summoned for keeping a dog without the name on the collar.—Defendant said that the plate had been taken off and another was on order.—The case was withdrawm—Alexander McKenzie, 36, Winwick-road, was.summoned for keeping a dog with a collar, but no address on it.—Defendant said the collar had the name on, but it was the name of the husiness. He thought that was sufficient.—A flue of Is. was imposed.—For keeping a dog without a licence.—Stephen Albert Turner, 7, Kerfoot-street, was fined Bs. and costs.

TCESDAY.—Before Alderman Boltt.n (in the chair) ail Mr. Edwin Woods.

FACTORY PROSECITTIONS.—The Bishops Wharf Carrying Company, Limited, were summoned under the Factory Act for failing to enter into a register a test certificate relating to the use of a sling chain. Mr. John Herbert Warren, inspector of factories, proved the case and a fine of 10s. and costs was imposed.—The English Products Company, Longford, Warrington, were fined 10s. and costs tor having certain machinery at their works insecurely fenced.

THURSDAY.—Before Mr. C. White (chairman), Alder- man Evans. and Messrs. AV. Roberts, J. Rymer Young, Dr. Naden and W. T. Williams. A MEAN THEFT.—Thomas Humphries, Priestley- street, uas charged with stealing a spirit level valued at 4s. Gd., the property of William hash, a joiner—The Chief Constable stated that the prisoner and prosecutor were working together on the renovation of St. Alban's Church, Bewses-street. On Monday last the prosecutor lent the level to the foreman brickla3er. Subsequently it was missed, and front inquiries made it was ascer- tained that the defendant bad pawned it at Mr. Houghton's pawnshop for 9d.—The defendant was fined ss. and costs, or 7 days' imprisonment in default.

NEWSBOYS' GIIIEYANCES.—WiIIiaM Worsley, a news- boy, was charged with assaulting and beating John Brookes on the 29th June.—Complainant stated that he was on his newspaper round in Hnlme-street and met defendant who had served one of his (complainant's) customers. When complainant spoke to him about it, defendant struck him a blow in the mouth.—The magis- trate ordered defendant to be imprisoned for one day. DOMESTIC TROLJBLES.—Joseph Hoyles, of 20,11aydock- street, was summ.:.ned for persistent cruelty, thereby causing his wife (Martha) of 19, Turner-street, to leave him.—Complainant stated that they bad only been tharried four months, and in that short space of time he had not given her_ a grain of comfort. Whenever she visited her mother he generally thrashed her. He bad told her that she was a dying ghost."—The case was adjourned for a month, the Police Court Missionary (Mr. Firth) promising to do all he could to bring about an amicable settlement.

t i , UV: t it* ...........-...--1,,, ---- -_,,,, -:. .......,,_ -'..--3,1, ,;:•. '''. -1-.... , - :,,:• . '' 'IP' 44 V' ..---\--''. q: _, lor P. '1 Li qa 1 ,- •_. " o.4;Vdt.3**-.. • '" ' I 4 ' '.. .'' ' ...• '..• .A' .t V ' v ,v, rats-o:4'.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe P.S.A.

Tbere was a good meeting on Sunday, presided over by Mr. W. Beswick, who spoke upon "The power of man in Christ." All man's power, hopes and aspirations were from God, and in Clod. Mr. W. W. Drewitt gave the address upon "Woe is me,that f sojourn in Mesecb, that I dwell in the tents of Kedar." He drew several lessons from these places of sin, arid wicked persons, but pointed out that many of God's faithful ones dwelt amongst them and acted as leaven. So in the experi- ence of .each one of us daily, we were amongst evil, men of unclean lips, some even as whited sepulchre., full of foulness and lustful passions. God would honour us and bless us and make us a blessing, even in places like these, if we faithfully served Him, trusting in the Almighty One to help and deliver.—One new member received a very hearty welcome. Mr. Payton presided at the organ and Mr. G. Smiley and Mr. R. Mills also took part in the meeting. The meeting closed with the singing of "Work for the night is coming," which was very heartily joined in by the brethren.

Opening of the Warrington Church House

The Bishop of Liverpool visited Warrington on Monday afternoon to open the new Warrington Church house, which is situated in Bridge-street (over • Mr. T. J. Lee's shop.) The occasion was one of great interest to Churchpeople, for the need of such a centre of Church life and work in the town his long been felt. There are two rooms, one being capable of accommodating a meeting of from fifty to one hundred people, while the other is furnished as a writing and sitting-room. The nucleus of a library has been forthcoming, and there will he a good supply of current periodicals. The sub- scription for the first year has been fixed at a minimum of half a guinea, and the wives of members will be admitted to the use of the rooms free of charge. Much of the furniture has been presented by friends. At the opening ceremony, the Mayor of Warrington presided over a large assembly which included the Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Liverpool (Dr. Ct.a vasse), the Rev. Canon Penrhyn, Mr. W. Peter Rylands and Mr. John White (three of the vice-presidents), the Rev. Canon Willis (chairman of the committee), Mr. J. McGregor (hon. treasurer), the Rev. H. A. Lester (hon. secretary). the Rev. G. W. Dickinson, Mr. T. J. Lee and Mr. H. Beresford Melville (members of the com- mittee of management), the Rev. E. C. E. Carleton, the Rev. W. Bracecarnp, ,Mrs. Robert Pierpoint and Mr. Herbert Woods.

The MAYOR said he entirely agreed with the objects of the Church House, and he was sure that all good Cburchpeople and other Christian people would agree with them.

The BISHOP of LTVERPOOL, expressing his pleasure at being present, said that on all sides he saw that Warrington was moving. They had built a new street and made it broad and baAdsome, and a street which would do credit to any town in South-west Lancashire. Not only. was the town moving, but he trusted that the Church was moving. Not long since he had the privilege of being present at the opening of Orford Church. A few Sundays ago—Whit Sunday—he was present at Holy Trinity Church, and he saw the new vestry which had been built and the new exit from the church, which would be for the safety of the worshippers, and that afternoon be had been asked to open the new Church House. He was justified in saying that the Church, as well as the muni- cipality of Warrington, was moving. (Applause). Referring to the usefulness of the Church House, the Bishop said that it would help to unify the Church in that part ot the diocese. It would prove a centre to which the clergy and laity could resort. The great danger in the Church of England was of Churchpeople 'becoming detitched unite._ and forgetting that they belonged to a great historic Church. A great danger to a clergyman, whether he was in the town or country, was of becoming parochial, and limiting his sym- pathies and his work to his diocese, and forgetting that be was ordained to be, not a priest merely of the parish in which he worked, but a priest of the Church of God. Such a house as that would help to bring the clergy and laity together to realise their oneness. More than that,he believed it would prove to be a literary centre. It was most important that the clergy should be up to date with regard to their reading, and when clergymen were isolated, as they were apt to become, their reading was also apt to become rusty, if they would allow him to use a University term. A good library, not only in a cathedral city but in a Church house, was a wonderful incentive to read. Many of the clergy wanted to read, but they could not afford out of their limited incomes to buy the books they wanted, and if someday they could add to the library of the Church House a circulating library it would help to educate the clergy and laity in a very forcible manner indeed. (Herr, hear). At the present moment there was a deeper interest in Church matters than there had been for years, a deeper desire to know the history of the Church of Eugland—a history he ventured to remark, which, with all their short comings, they had no need to be ashamed of. (Applause). Be heartily wished them God-speed, and as Bishop of the diocese he was thankful that the promoters of the Church House had started on such excellent lines. Mr. JOHN Wnrre then addressed the meeting ou the objects of the Church House and read a list of dona- tions, amounting to £6O. He referred to the aid War- rington Church Institute, started flfty-one years ago by the Rev. Horace Powys, Rector of Warrington (subse- quently Bishop of Sodor and Man), and said it perished through the spirit of parochialism. The RECTOR, in proposing a. vote of thanks to the Mayor for presiding, alluded to the union between Church and State. There had been, he said, a union between Church and State for more than 1,000 year in this country, and they were glad to be able to think that the Church existed more than 600 years before that. There were those who sometimes felt the connection between Church and State a little irksome. Doubtless there were occasions when the connection had been a little irritating and almost exasperating, but be was sure they would be foolish to try to *mote a divorce between Church and State when the connection had on the whole been very beneficial to both.

The Rev. Canon STEVENSON seconded, and the vote was he,,rtily passed. The Bishop was thanked on the proposition of the Rev. Canon PENRHYN seconded by Mr. W. PATER. itYLANDS.

In responding to the vote of thanks, his LORDSHIP said the cathedrals in the past days owed their origin mainly to ecclesiastics. The cathedial of the twentieth century (Liverpool) owed its existence almost entirely to the laymen of the diocese. It was hoped that the laity would realise their position and respon- sibility, and take their proper place as guardians and champions of the Church. He hoped that clerical and episcopal jealousy would never for one moment damp their ardour in the diocese of Liverpool. The Rev. 11. A. LESTER acknowledged numerous gifts which had been made to the Church House. Further help in that direction was still required, and from £BO to £lOO a year would be needed to keep the Church House going.

MY LIFE STORY

. , „,,,,,.•,./,..-.,„"ii'.......Pkata., ...,;._..•;,,,;,,,,,1'4,.`,,W.',*•* (0.7/0,11,1‘.14.,k5gt,, •- • , , ~ • ',!.„,i'igigf,i,., ..',.:.,,, 0, ' ...i;',,,,,„*.v..,7%0%,--:#,N,f'. • - - --. ,f,„ ~ '.O I,:t-4,,../0..:,40,..4i6.:,.::•d,,5,. ' -' ' ',,,.,::-.*,'':',•.?...',:::•,-4:,:',M0U,„•,,,0t.fe.f.,,,.,A..).0i,w,;,a...g.,,,..fwi".•xy,,,,,,,..,,..,?,, ~.v.;,:,---,:',-,',,:At: , • • , .....„.„..„,,,,,,, . ' ~..„, .... 414.*6 ''....,:i7-4:::.!......101 ~, ..,,..,..,:::::,.. ..t1::::„:0' ."--:;•0074 . . 1N440.1:414.• ~ , • 7'..,V.,5:1'•-::• : 1...:-','.. , ~ ..,..!.4',;*(Zi:j.,,• !....i.,,'-: ',. ":1--''',... • - ' 44..,•:::::-,0".';- ...• ~..,...,.,:,.:...:?.,,1.,.::.,,,.... • 4, . .vr.k .N.:;7-'41.4,144,'1Nk.'&•!,...z.,....,!.,0'..... :. 1444.701t,ig.MA':,..t.'-f-,:, , .;:f.;':::4l:ii=?M4.4,e.-147*- ,A...,4"4.t. ''',s,-,2;f:',!;,\,..' :!-.','",.v.i•'..- :',,,,i.,.,.•'''5.,VatV41,40rti..*;•-•••,'4.-.1.4_,1?.:•?..1:: - ' ~. ....41:::.1W;ty, zfti:474‘kel''s';',..,-4,41.t...#14:,::.',; ';... , : • . ...: ,:-.. .',...--,,,,,:::::: : : .:,:. -.. : .-':::,:-;:ri4.1.1.iti.',"....,.7. ::••• , ....

===== 0002601_19090703_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. WILLIAM LEACH OF HATTON.

I was born at Hatton about four miles from Wan ington, on the 6th of August, 1839, in which place I have resided ever since. I received my education as a lad in two neigh- bouring schools, namely, at Stretton under Mr. John Warburton, and Daresbury, under Mr. Isaac Walton ' (not of angling fame). I finished my schooling at 13 years of age and started work as an apprentice under my ' father, Thomas Leach, who was a boot and shoemaker. It was in the old thatched cottage, recently pulled down and formerly known as Hatton Old Hall, where we, together with my brother John, laboured. Not a few men of Methodist fame have sheltered under the roof of the old cottage. It may interest some of your readers if I mention but a few. • The Rev. Samuel Wilkinson, a Wesleyan minister, has spent many a happy hour with us, and lei it be to the credit of Hatton in having sent forth so noble a character, for Samuel was born in the , village. Shall I refresh the memories of some • when I add the names of Rev. George Dickenson, Dr. William Autcliff (of Primitive -Methodist fame), Dr. Agar Beet, who by the way is still labouririg on, and many others I could mention. There is, however, another name so dear to me that I must make mention of it—a recent Presi- dent of the Primitive Methodist Connexion in the person of Rev. Thomas Hankey Hunt. He was also born in Hatton, and was an old school-fellow of mine. I have many times wondered if he remembered the time when he used to stone the birds, and if, while in his now worthy calling, he is fully repentant for the school-day sins of "Tom Hunt." I have vivid recollections of being in the very pleasant company of Miss Eliza Weaver Bradburn, who was paying a short visit to my home. She will be better known by some older Wesleyans as the daughter of the Rev. Samuel Bradburn,who rose from the cobbler's bench tol the Presidential chair of the Wesleyan Methodist Conference. Miss Brad- burn was a poetess of no mean order, and her work always gave expression to those finer qualities inherited from her noble father. No doubt my own father will still be remembered by many. He laboured for more than 60 years as a Wesleyan local preacher and died at the ripe old age of 82, after having been rejected for the ministry on account of the fact that medical evidence considered that he would go into a consumption. He has transmitted his physical powers to myself, now, 70 years of age,to my brother Thomas Leach of Stockton Heath (late of Runcorn) and my bother John Leach who died two years ago in his 77th year. One wonders how it is that even doctors can be so deceived. He always attributed his good health and longevity to frugal habits and total abstinence, a rule of life which I have rigidly followed. Might Ibe pardoned if I pay a tribute to the memory of my dead brother John, who was considered to be one of the finest self-taught mathematicians for many a mile round. He had the very great honour of being introduced by correspond- ence to the late Mr. Gladstone. He compli- mented my brother upon his work, and as a re'cognition of his abilities presented him with several astronomical instruments. He also endeavoured to obtain a post for him in Greenwich Observatory, but as this was at a period when late on in life he did not succeed.

At 34 years of age I relinquished the following of my trade and, started an agency for the Prudential, Assurance Com- pany, remaining in their service up to my retirement on a pension last year. I have calculated as near as possible that in my ordinary duties for them I have walked 100,000 miles. These figures are rather under than over the mark for I have not added extra and special journeys. This distance I suppose is equal to about four times the dis- tance round the world. I gave up in my 35th year of service and felt that my rest had been well-earned. I cannot speak too highly of the treatment the Company have always meted out to me. I have watched with keen interest the growth of this great industrial concern from its few millious of capital to its now enormous dimensions and capital of over 72 millions. It is needless for one to say that during my experience as an agent I have seen many interesting sides of life. I could tell some humorous stories as a result but time and space, at this juncture, will not allow. Politics have played a r,ather small part in my life as party changes have been but few in this wide-spread division of Knutsford. However I am disagreeably. reminded of the old "Protection Days" and have need to be thankful that at least I have lived sufficiently long to see the great and manifold blessing of Free Trade conferred upon the inhabitants of Great Britain. I like sugar in my tea but not at the price I paid in 1860 of sd. per lb. I well remember in those days bread at B.ld. per four pound loaf, coal at is. 6d. per cwt., flour at 30s. per load and common tea at 4s. per lb., and other neces- saries in proportion. No, dear reader, the question of Free Trade v. Protection is not a question of politics with me. But rather the choosing of a principle which carries with it the very life's blood of the people. I have

observed with entire satisfaction the gradual elevation of the poorer classes as a result of freedom and liberty in commerce, whether it be Agricultural or Industrial. I have seen the average wage of the farm labourer rise from 12s. per week to about 18s. per week and other departments of labour benefit in comparison. I have noticed the red "neck scarf" of the farm labourer's boy superseded by a cleat), linen collar. I have noticed also that the more responsible the labourer has been made by freedom and better pay, that his moral tone has developed accordingly. I have seen my own mother stop a drunken riot more than once, and I am glad to say that the rural dwellers of this part at least are decidedly far more temperate than 30 years ago. Perhaps I might take credit for a little musical advancement in mylwn village, for I well remember introducing instru- mental music in the old Wesleyan Chapel. I taught several young men to play the violin and later on I introduced an American organ and so assisted the old-time vocal choirs to render even better service. I was always prompted by the feeling that by placing a higher ideal before people you lessened the temptation to do things immoral. Violins were expensive things to buy in those days, especially when I remind you that my average wage was about 12s. to 14s. per week, with a wife and family to keep. So I made two with the aid of my shoemaker's tools. My early struggles could never have been combated without the aid of my good wife who I am thankful to say is still alive. I ask your readers to judge whether I have done my country due service or not when I tell them that my family numbers 12, ten of whom are living. The advancement in agriculture during my time has been very marked indeed, a greater quantity of better class produce now being obtained. The winter's music of the " flail " has given place to the smoke and hum-drum of the thrashing machine. The " sickle " has been superseded by the self- binding (reaper, and the old-fashioned wooden plough is no longer in use. Yet after all there was some charm in the old methods. It was delightful to watch the chaff listlessly flying round the cosy barn as each measured stroke of the " flail " separated it from the corn. And although the toiling of the reaper was somewhat wearisome, harvest-time brought with it a more real picture of nature than the mechanical methods now general. The healthy competition of the old-time ploughing match seemed to bring out the best that was in the mind and body of the rural teamster.

I cannot say very much as to the internal workings of the town of Warrington. But I have watched with interest its steady growth as an industrial centre. One thing I have noticed is the pollution of the once beautiful river Mersey. It is a long time now since I sat and watched the salmon leaping in the Latchford Weir. I suppose the growth of industries has added to their destruction, and if it has meant industrial advancement then we must be satisfied that by the sacrifice of the fresh-water salmon we have gained either a wire mill or a soap works. One of my sons once heard a visitor to Warrington say.: that he never was in a more convenient town,for if you got drunk on Warrington ale and fell down and tore your clothing you could fasten it again with a Warrington pin. If your face was blackened with smoke from Dallam Forge you could wash it clean with Crosfield's Warrington Soap. So if we have lost the sport of salmon fishing we have gained increased prosperity. In conclusion might I add that my life until now has been quietly lived, and I would not have consented to send you these few lines for any other motive than that my sole desire is to say to our younger men that whatever their position in life may be, however humble their lot, they can at least do something to assist the unceasing movement for moral progress, political freedom, and social reform.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
LAWN TENNIS.

PADGATE V. PENKETH.—PIayed at Padgate on Saturday last. Mixed doubles: Mr. Medley and Miss L. Gorse (Penketh) beat Mr. and Miss England (Padgate), 6-1, 6-2; Mr. Eastwood and Miss M. England (Padgate) heat Mr. Blyth and Miss E. Foster (Penketh), 1-6,6-4, 6-3; Mr. Fairclough and Miss L. Poster (Penketh) beat Mr. Mason and Miss Bouchier (Padgate). 6-3, Mrilason and Miss Bouchier (Padgate), 6-3, (1-4; Mr. P. H. Bennett and Miss L. Wright (Padgate) beat Mr. Kirtland and Miss Fairclough (Penketh), 4-6, 6-4, 6-3 ; Mr. Sberburn and Miss E. London (Padgate) beat Mr. Pierpoint and Miss Hodgkinson (Penketh), 6-0, 6-5; Mr. Gladding and Mrs. Lunt (Padgate) treat Mr. Coates and Miss White (Penketh), 6-2, 6-1. Gentlemen's doubles: Mr. Medley and Mr. Blyth (Penketh) heat Mr. England and Mr. Eastwood (Pad- . gate), 6-3, 6-4; Mr. Fairclough and Mr. Coates (Penketh) beat Mr. Mason and Mr. P. H. Bennett (Padgate), 6-4, 6-4; Mr. Gladding and Mr. Sherburn (Padgate) beat Mr. Kirtland and Mr. Pierpoint (Penketh), 2-6, 6-0,9-7. Ladies' doubles: Misses Mabel and Marion England (Padgate) beat Misses L. and E. Foster (Penketh), 5-7, ' 6-3, 6-2 • Misses Bouchier and Miss L. Wriget (Pad- gate) beat Miss L. Gorse and Miss White (Penketb), 6-1, 6-2 ; Miss E. London and Miss Lunt (Padgate) hest Miss Hodgkinson and Miss Fairclough (Penketh), 6-5, 6-5. Result: Padgate, 16 sets to 12 ; 136 games to 120.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
MUSIC IN THE PARK.

By the kind permission of Lieutenant-Colonel J. D. Fairclough and Officers the 4th Battalion (P.W.V.) South Lancashire Regimental Band will play the following programme of music in the Park on Sunday evening at 8 o'clock :—Hymn, "Angels Holy," Edward Wright, Warrington: march, "Fearless," Greenwood ; fantasia, "11 Croclatoir Egitto," Meyer- beer ; " A Japanese Romance," Moret ; fantasia, " Fernado Cortezo," Spontini ; selection," Rossini's Works," Rossina (arranged by H. Round) ; march, " Tintern Abbey," Hume; "God save the King." 'l'. J. Down's Military Band will play the following selection of music (weather permitting), on Thursday evening, at commencing at 7.15., Conductor Mr. At thur Down. Programme• :—March, " The gladiators' farewell" Blankenburg ; dance, "Edina " Vandet veil; overture, " Tantalusqualen " Suppe ; valse " Ensueno seductor " Rosas ; selection, " H.M.S. pianofore " Sullivan; descriptive, " A hunting scene " Bucalossi ; grand march, " The fire brigade" d'Ace ; hymn " Eventide " Monk. "God save the King."

===== 0002601_19090703_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
STE 4 AiT

Wit and humour are wasted on the ma'n or woman whose digestion is bad and whose liver is out of order. Mother Seigel's Syrup after meals means a clear head :and bright, keen eyes; digestion that makes a shilling dinner taste like a feast. By its ability to cleanse the stomach and restore its power, Mother Seigel's Syrup cures indigestion and makes food nourish you. "My appetite was very poor and the little I forced myself to eat caused a sensation in my chest almost like suffocation. Sometimes the pain was very sharp." 45.'hese words were written by .Mrs. Sarah Ann Middleton, 04, Waverley-street, Bowesfield-lane, Stockton-on-Tees. She was afflicted also with a terribe pain in her back and legs, which she now feels sure was due to indigestion. Continuing she writes :—" A lady advised me to try Mother Seigel's Syrup, so I bought a large bottle for. 2s. 6d., and before I had quite used that bottle my appetite had improved, I could eat without pain afterwards, and the trouble in my back and legs had left me. My health continued good for seven years and then a second time I became a victim to indiges- tion. But I again turned to Moth& Seigel's Syrup and was again restored to health—and • I remain well to this day.'

Mother Seigel's Syrup is a purely herbal remedy and cures by toning up, regulating and assisting the digestive organs to do their natural work. It did that for Mrs. Middleton ; if you suffer as she did, it will do it for you. The 2s. 9d. bottle contains three times as much as the Is. 1!>(1. size.

Mother Seizel's Syrup is also prepared m Tablet form as " Mother Seigel's Syrup Tablets." Price 2/9.

Tel. No. 123. ESTABLISHED 60 YEARS (in Warrino-ton) , • Tel. No. 1- ,3, B. t., rs ez. vir -

ENGINEERS, BOILERMAKERS, IRON & BRASS FOUNDERS, Mersey Boiler Works, Mersey Street, Warrlngto,ll:o Makers of IRON CASTINGS from the smallest size up to 20 tons weight. C'e"to Well-moulded and of the Highest Quality. To buy the best finished castings i 5 frequently save 50 per cent, in labour. nrizef BRASS CASTINGS (any weight) ; Gunmetal, Copper, Aluminium, Phosphor Br— Damaxine, Acid Proof Metal and all other Alloys. CONSTRUCTIONAL IRON AND STEEL WORK, Corrugated Iron Roofs and Bu-;,refil Farmers' Hay Sheds, Barns, Store Sheds, &c., Iron and Steel Tanks, Cisterns, °`:'..,ds Jacketted Pans, Boilers, &c. Repairs by Experienced and Skilled Workmen to all of Machinery and to Steam Boilers, Gas Engines, Traction Engines, Motor :nil, Dynamos, Steam Engines, Oil Engines, Road Rollers, Motor Waggons, Electric M°!." ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING. Speciality Work. Drawings and expert a,dvico submitted free. Heavy Machining and Forging done for the trade. Turning up to 15 feet dlaol.og, Planing up to 5 feet square. Slotting up to 18-inch stroke. Milling, Punclii 133/ Shearing and Bending, Pressing, Dishing, Fangling and Rivettingijos hydraulic pressure. Unlimited Tackle and Special Appliances for efficiently dea.,%eitt with Repairs and Breakdown work, accumulated during an establills`" of 60 years.

,__

~..

;,;;

\Vh• li 1 04, • Miss Als 04 a 114°stc ev

------''

medol sit 49

===== 0002601_19090703_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
KING OPENS NEW MUSEUM,

The opening of the Victoria and Albert Museum at South Kensington on Saturday was rneloccasion of a brilliant State ceremonial. The foundation stone of the building was laid pr. 8" by the late Queen Victo:ia, and for ten years 600 workmen have been busy ac'Paring this great and beautiful storehouse for the nation's treasures. His Majesty, I„lllPanied by Queen Alexandra, performed the inaugural ceremony in Royal weather—. licing contrast to the previous day when the King's birthday parade at the Horse er7rds'had to be postponed owing to rain, The streets were lavishly decorated and the 'lre route was lined by horse and foot guards.

MRS. ROOSEVELT. her energetic husband is shooting tli• s-14 Africa, Mrs. Theodore Roosevelt, with k4tis Ethel Roosevelt and Masters Quentin • ak„Te'ie Roosevelt, has arrived in London olitltluiet holiday They are travelling quite „,entatiously, Mrs. Roosevelt being with- 'ell a maid.

" THE . CROUCHER."

MR. G. L. JESSOP.

JOHN BURNS ACTS AS ESCORT. Cabi at the net Ministers in their cocked hats and Windsor uniforms were conspicuous figures oPening of the Victoria and Albert Museum at South Kensington. Our photograph " Honest John Burns giving an escort to Lady Dorothy Nevill.

RowLANDI: 1 PIRCASSAR OIL LFOR THE HAIR. vlejerves. Beautifies, Restores it. Pro. *is", the necessary nourishment for it, and 444"10ttt it the hair becomes dry, *ilia, 05, Withered. °olden colour for fair hair. 10/6. Of Stores, Chemists, and •D'S, 67, Batton (tar "•AN • den London. \

Much is expected from Mr. G. L. lessop in the Third Test Game which is now in progress at Leeds,. Many good critics put down England's defeat at Lords to the absence of "the Croucher."

GRAIN ELEVATORS AND FLOUR MILLS IN WESTERN CANADA

The Departrcent of the Interior has recently issued a map of that pint of Canada lying West of the Great Lakes, showing the positions of grain elevators and Flour and oatmeal milts together with tables showing their individual and .collective capacity. A few copies are obtainable from tbe Canadian Government Office, it and 12, Charing Cross, S.W. In the three provinces of Manitoba, Alberta, and Saskatchewan there are 650 grain elevators, with an aggregate capacity of 42,868,900 bushels. The terminal elevators at Lake Superior have a capacity of 14,826,00. Thus the total elevator capacity of Western Canada amounts to 78,016,140 bushels. Manitoba has fifty-flour and oatmeal mills with a daily capacity of 17,365 barrels ,• Saskatchewan has twenty-five mills with a. possible daily output of 8,365 barrels; while Alberie has seventeen mills with a possible daily output of 1,530 barrel,

~.....: :*.'. •‘: N.',; ~....:-.•-•:,.- S. .•. ...,. . :::,:::::......i::*:..,1,:x::,i.:•;!...,...i.:,..".....*::' ,:::.-.4iiiii:fixt.s.,::::•?:',,:,:`::::. 00,7,'4>,,....:..::i..."•:''..:*,:iikit• i140.17:r1::::':-/-.' ' ..,.,:'.e.:... 4 . ....-..:::'[.:...::::..:.:::.:.•-:ii'::... --. '•':‘..!..:,::i:gi..,:::...--. '',:;i: , ... ~<.:k.•::::::::::':-..... .::.:;ii•iiiiii,..,:.:::;:;':k: ' :::o:LiNfi'''.o,7:4:..: tt.:. •••••-.o' --'•' .s. 1 -: : ;:14-***7%ikbi:-.. • .'."::::-. ...f . ~••.•••••••• .. ,4-;tii:Akik:::;:;.ii:01*: .•:. :.,•::s:,;'---.• -•s:: --:' . ; .1.-t.::•.,k-::7..y?Ant,1::.•*i...0-:•:-,:';••' i...".....-"ei0:-.:•,..,...,-.•:-....,'.'•'.. 1%-:iit,,,juli,•*:..i'i-, :4. '.:::-:::•,....t:':••..-,-- -.,....-'• •:. • • - - ' Z-::ii1W•:!:?:•:g.::i.,..4V.-1::-ii4..i.: .••,-- •:'..(•:-.....--- ',-,•-•• • • ' _ .e..c.::;:-.•,.?:,:.:i•:.11.:*::::4*.iti'; • --,- :.',..;'-i-.:•?:s':•-•-••••• .. - : - . - .. :?•*':,:i.•:::.RNi.•As'':::::.:-:...-24. e.: ''' -:it...r4i.:::......,.... -.... : •••-•" • . ' t:::**11•11. 14;."-"""::4"- s':!::-....k....lik::!:::: .-... '•'.':::::::::.'..:....... ' . . .z&.••:::•-1;5!,*:'...:.•.• ..'A. -',-i:-... • -........ ~,.i.:::•..t,:::::::::::::::::: .:::. . • .-,...„,:,.,•>•,:.-t-Y:§.k. A. :sglf'43.,:fs'.::••:-."••••• tt.,....:;i:::.:iv.:::., i...:!:":5.':::.ii::';',1,ti0-,..k.,4-: -.!'-:::.i.s'i:::.:".. !..i.s.''...t!'"tt---1::....,,. -. '.:-I,' ...Ti..,i§.::'!-,i'All:::••::-.•:•-•.'•.:.-: :•••:',..,„-I:•,..,'''' : ..........,:*•:).!,..,:5.k.. ~.t- ..---i:*l . .- ..::: - :.?:•,....•.,......-::•: ' : - .*,..- -: • -- . : ...1tikit*.;14.4:•:f.1.4: .• ‘,..:1:- ...kiliii:P!...::::.:'"..l'.. ....:,•::......-:'• "t7-:tiffeliftit; `O. 1 - '•;:--•<,-A. ::.ftliiiii.!::'.• .....' .:.::'...3: • . ...14'...,;.-'4itAilLAtg: :.;;.-ii - '•-•:.•?i';:::. "NI: •-• .--..-...-4::.'1.. ,;45;A:.,,;,.-i,%,,,,...: .. .., fr...i.7.i...;:, A•t::al••..i.-• s- ••,,:."4,-:•i::i.,0.4','•.. . . 07:114.tg.Ti;. - :::•••-.."'.... ....'•-'•iiii..Z.-.1.•:-..0•''''.°'°''. ,::.:•...° ' • . . ~.... . . . . . :•,,I::-....ii:-.0.r. :#4.c.: •,,..... . • , .:-.....4::.:::::.- ..i,1t•f!,..r..*:'..•••'•••......' . .-. ,-• ~....i.4.,••:-.7- --•.....:::iii:t.:•.: •.:•..,., : . .-.-:-.'•.•:•..... -, - ••.:.: ..-.....• • ..,....:••-- .• ..,::::::.k:::.::::::•-.-.-.. ~ . • • , 1::,:....,..:.: z. .4,4,!.,...,...;z...,,.....:.:.-.,,,;.......... .........„.....,., .. . I. _ i ",-;,..: ..-:.-•-... -.:..?••••• '.' •- - •:--,1-•••••.:•!•• •-••-;.i..t:•.,-.:.:•;•'' • • - • --. 5.,-,;,,,.:••:},. - , ,

, ..... ',...',,.................:............ ........- . `td_ ...... .„ :;....;.:;:;:i::.,ii§i!-.:•:::::iiii.g....:•::,...,.::••.;•2;:ii:?::.i:.a.,::i5,i:.i'f.::•ki::•:::1•-•.•..,i.,4::::i14.::•:..,..:::::,..,.. :.:..'Aiii•'i:::ii.,::ii:•ii'.::•::::.:::Miii:iff•i:.:.*,.:-K.-::::::*.::::::-..:•:::.::::'.•.;'-;•::::••••••••:•-•.:•••••:•:::::::-:::::::;:*:'.1•:C.:::*.i1MK.N.W' ',iiiii,':;:?..:‘•''.."..'''':.'..:.?...•:. .......::::::':.g:s'''::*c':i:';'''''''''':;:li*.:::::.:•'?::''''''''''':::a::::''l'lK:*:::::'•::-':::-....i:;-,•:?:::-::**:••::%::::si:.:I:...:-.ilie::?..:.,.:.:•:iif::•:i'•:::::::::•::::•:::•••.:.:i.:1:K:::.iig].......:••......:::•..,..,:::::::::.:•.::• ~...............,....,....10„.„, , -...,.....,.:::::::::.:-.::::::,...:::::,::•••••:-...:.K:111,••.*:.::::::•:.::::.*•••••:•••-..&"..i*.iff..iii.Ni:',•::::',,.••:.::::::-.;*:l,.•''''',:6..*:,,-,:i,.::::::1,:::.:::::*K::::::.iil,.*i.:::..ii•6::::•::::•:.:*:...:•••:::-.iiiiiiiill...M.•:.:::. ..::.::::::::::::,,:e6.7::::::::::::::::::::::.::::::::::',,...:::::::•4:::••::::K:::::.:,::::::.::::.::.:',.....,....".."'."";;:;,............../................... . • ••• ." • '''''''''':•••::::,:....*:•,-1:::•1"•::K1:§i'f..ii:.:.i:.:.?::::..if1ii....::::::•..1:iiii.§:.,:.W...1i1i1.::::.,•::',1iif,..ii31..1iii:K..:.*.ii.U....,:::•:i:.M.1iii..,i1t. i... :;••••:::••::.:::::,.'ii.:.::•:::::••:-.i.:1:_:::.:.::••,i•••:...-ii.i••.....•;:•-..•:••;..•:.:::::•:".:•::•::::.?:•:•::.:ii.::',...•••:...-.••......;;:ii:',.•.:-.••::::.:::::ili?::•:i:.*:••••.•::•i:-:::.iiiK:iicii:::ii:.;•:g•:•i•:i-:iiiiiii-:•,....::•:': . ..... . ~.:.:...,..................:::...:::-•-•:"';':-:::',:;:,4:::::i:::wi,.*: '''' •::::••••;:.••.i.'''.-:?:'••.::::::',..:::::::•.....iff:i..:••.....•••........--..•....?:'::::..1.1..-..-•::::::::::::::::-..:*-:-.....::::Aigii::a.:•8::::::::::::.:cati.1:0:::_:;::::::::::::::il.i:::::::•:::::M::::::::_.1'its .........-5.1..':...i.W;..i.i.:-.i.::::1i:::.:.e...:::....,••:,...iiii.:...--.::::,010..11'ii.,..-g.iiig:i,::g:::::.:l:..::.., s.':.:::?.::::::':;-,'.':!:•:'•:•:::•ip.. :.:::::0:::P.:-:.•,..k::•:::::•;:.0.:*,::.:acilt.,:ZO--:::,•••::.::::•:..P.':::;NO:tiM::::1:•:':;;;j1Rif.:**Mtiti....'.....::•.;:::..,‘,•:-::0:#:::::::-...::::q;•:;ii•i,...g...i1;:lai;.::N.R...l'ils::::.1*i.0:1.: '''''•••••... ...'''•:•:::::••••••••::::•;-:*:•,:i5§:::::::::::::::::::;4..i.:11::::::`:.§1.::::::•••••• ••••••••••.:4.::::ii:;i:;fii.::.::'.?:1i."::.1iii:i:::••.•:•.•..•i3.:i.i,'...4,-••••:".::•ji...:::::'.::::.::::?..:::::::::::::•....ni.:;:-.::;:::::.:':::::.P.;:j......"-:::::::::::::::r.'lf•••• ::::::::::::::::::.?•::::::::::."......:::::::.:..i.iiiii::-..:::•:iiigiiii::::i:.::..i.::::•gi.i-i•i?,•••.k:. , •:......:::::. ::.:::::::::::::::::::.::::.,..1.::.!:1111P:::::•;t:;::::::::.,!.:::.•:. ... •:::::::::.1,-.1:•:':.::•11,,,-:::1',:::::1:::::::-:::::::::.111.g:N.1..:,:;!:;•11.,:f:*-•:.-::::::...".-- ' fllt:.;:::::::::'•:::::::::.....,...1,..,,R.:;;',;;..,::a;;;1;:....,;.: • . •'. • . :....'....•.ii "' •••...•4•4:"...,:•.,,,,,i';',.,+:4.4:::'..:".:',:'.'...,4'..,......"" '. ...7:'.....-7•.•."••,k,;:•;iik,:.:.••:,:::::::::;V:::''-'•:"...•?:',K••":"•.'...,',..,:,,,,••••••••:•••:•......•••,?: : ,:',, .... ••••;:.:::.,.....,....:‘,::•,..::::::::...........,-;::.•.::::•.•-....:;••••.•:::.••:::".•.'::::" i.t:.::::::::...g):ig:',.i1t.7•:::i:71;'...:1.:::,-,',:•7:::.'::::7::',..]:ie,...i::':':''. :.': ''''. ''' il.".*-.::.:31!-C1:1:111.1.11:ii:"t::.....k'::::kl!'''.'.....S.':...:;'.: '.‘ .-:-.....-:::;•.,. ......:::;:\i•-:::::::::*.--:•0::::::!:-.::::1'\'4.-.:::;:;;;::::::..::'::".: 19,-,.*:5,,,..:''''....:.:..H..,..iiii:i......:' ,i'...•.:....3....„,.....•iii•-•.:........•.•,:.,5, •:.,•....• '''• ••••••.... :• • - -s: •••••:"-, ,••••••••• ••••••• •.: •••• :- ....::.•••,!•::::::if..i:l:::.:'...••••••••••••::::,;‘).::: ''''.g:i:3:::::'::::'::'::::•:ilii-.K":iiM.,.?; ''''••••• 114.i1N:..A.-, •••••:•.ii.:.,•,iie;..• %,''',..-•••••• '.. '',' . ••:••:::,..".••••••:'...,,,•:',::::'•-'::::••..:',-:'. '::::::•.•••••'''''.••::::: •••••••••,•,•••••,....•,...,,...v: ••::"..,:....i•-l::-,Ai*iff-l.--.-..k.',i,..•.,c, •..,:!:.•••iNi::::::::;;;•;*l•-•.:: . • : •-...:•::•'.V:':::::::•:::::•:.:•:".:.:•..+:•-: :•;::::-..'iii•i:•:••••••••••*-1,i'• •••••••••••••,-.",,,,,... :.:............. :•:::'.2.c•;:.*::::•••••;•:-.M::::::::,:..i.:'....ii.';:c,:•:•;.i:i,iiii::••.,::::::•:::•;.;.::.:.:.........::::••s...:...?•••: '.:-.-....:. -.....\ .:.•,.......•::::*--1:::-.K*:...:.:?:' : •. t ''. ' ' •••••••••-• •' • •••••• ''''''''''''''': - ••'. • ••:' •••,...,?,--:' ... '''''.`R:::::::::.,:::',.. • •:-.......:.:.?..*:::.::::f*:.'.::.:-.......°,:::: :::::,..,,5;.......••• ........:::::::::.::::•.;....*::-..-,.:..:'....ib...,. :...•:........::::.:..2...:.::i?.:•......,....-. k • . ' • ' ' ...::.::...4:iik.,. '....i.:;;;... ;.... -:.,........ ...'......,* ~,:.........::::::::.....; ~.............:•.............f..:.2 ..:•;:,....4E.. .. -.........::::::.V..::::::',::::::.,,.....Wt./.<.:.:...' :•*::;.:':::i.,:::::'• •' . •••••:•••::. :i -...•:••iii;•:. • - - . ....... - ' .. ' i-...:.'::.7.W- iit,:is4 ..,-,..qt.-..........M.:.....:::....f........-..f.....-: 'v.:A'''. .. . ' 1.-:''':::''''' ' :-.. •:. ...c.::.:•„:1::: •-• ''':',,........... • ..• 'k ......,... , ••• - ',...::-, •:',.....i.::.• -.. -..14*,- 4..... - ..;.......i....-.•;;i1:,..,...:.-........ ' .............*:•.i.i::.,.:z•.• • .. ,•,,, . ...........,.......:. .....::::...-:. .. - ' - . . - ' -:f55'...,... ' •:.'........,,,,::v5. .... .7..:::,..f...,,:..?.;5:.,......i'....;.•.:,:::,!-:.7.r.i.;-: -. ..,:i...:.••:]:i:.„.:..:....::,..:-.....:. . -...-. •• ' .-.-::::.... ' '-' - . irk' ....-.':::•••*...'"lii*it:':-.t41110:,',:•:: - .. -.i.:::i.:...,'''• _ . ,o, . . .:.:i.... , _. • . , .... . •:'• •'• . -7-,,..::,ii.::::.54-..:. ••:, -" . ........... ~...-..- . . ._ . '''' . • . '':..i.:•:.:?..:..... :', ....' . . ...:‘. .- ' '. . ''': . '- . . ''';'• - • . .:::::.::;::::...i............i.:.:., ' ,- ~1.: # :. . . : ~..... .• . • .._ •• , ' ......:.:::•::‘'..:::::-........:-.:"...iiiitl , . . .... . ::: ...-. • - ' ..- -, .' •- • .1.c.7 .': '......i.i....i:::..,::.::•:•••::::, •••••• .............i.:::', ... .. . • ... ..:..is, , .:::•:•• •.: s• ..i- .. • - • . • . ''..ni:.',.:::..i:v.',l' ....;;;;;::::::".: ........;:..?.......:...:::-....'ii'iii..,' '• : • '''.:::::::, - .... - ' . :',k .•.. A. .it : :::::•::::::::::::::::i.:::'.......-;•.! .... . . . ... •• - • • - .. • - -.. . . ... . .. . . "5;•,.....: • - -s, ::::::::......:-......:::::•::..."1: ' • ' - . ‘. ' ::::•.........::::::.mif... • -:::::::,.'..... ::::::: .- .?":•......:':::s. ' * . . ........ . .::. . .. - .. ••• • kieft4;!...:••'''W -... .: . • - • . ....... 4 ::,.:...2.i;..... • .. ~ . .. , %. ....,....K45......,. :•.i......:::•:1:...i.i.1,......im 0.....c•v5x.4::::::0: . - - '..-..-;:::-.4•.:•.. 15;;;.3.,_..,:,51:4;•.,ni,'..t.,...:&•• ' . ' . .. ... .. . W .. ::„...*„.::::::.•..i.".":.:••••i,:iiff.:••••.*:.•.;.-.... ~ ' ' '4 • •• • • .•'• •.:''..;;•*'; '. ' .',:::::::;::::•::."..::::::::. ?-.-Llk ::::••••••••••••••:•••••"......Xi.':•: -.'f,,M;M:if:;:.,,,.::::::..i*::::;i::.:•:,-,-.•::-;:,::Sikc ' .. • ''.;:i`..lle.:* $,.... -., ..,.. ;••' •. . . •.. .. .1.•:•ii•':::::::•••::::::,...,:iii:',.....:.' -.••:::.A.lgiiie:. X.„,..._•:c•-'.5,....:;::.,:k4: . • , .4 i:0:,....,,.5•.,:i.,,,,A,V,.5M41iff0r'' .• '4' •,:,4,,,:..:*.:3:4::::::::::;:::<:::: .. • "f.f.......••::::::-.%):::::,?...:::::':::•••.::••••,:::......-0; AWN'...O".•••:F4P:Sir,KSif&S, • • • •,..:§i,:c:';:::::.::;a:WC,-,Iiiii::::•:::: • • . . •••••?::::iiiiiiiii!.ifii:.i:::.:3liii':ii:liiiiii":!,..;f:l• ; %.......iii:k.M§l42itgi.:,::::•:....:.l•l;':','..?g • " • . •••/•••••:-.:•.:.•":.:.....:::,•:',....; ...."::::::•••'.....:......'•••:: .. .. .- , : • .. ' :i,!.*..•..,.:,•:0.:X:ii:.:;•:•0::••; i4g4AM5„,,,..„..„0:0:'6 ':. '••• :. - • • ' ' . - ::::::•••:.1.:.::.•::::::::1'..".::,.....1g.•-•:::••••••:.. ..'• . . - ...• . •• . ... • ..::::::;::::•;.gi;1....1.:]...:::•;:;;::;••••••,.1.::.••••.•.:............. • i;is.§:-.O2AR'StOW .. '. ' '.. •.. ' ' .'. •:.:Ii...•:;:::Xii:".5.•;::::':::::,;;*:••:.3 '' ..." L. , ' ;••' .- .::. . . •'::::::1::::.:::::::::.?•X•4::•••......: ...NA4o,,a,..Liti:iiil4...:' . •.. , ''.; •••• • • i ' '', • ', -. . • .:-.i':::i..".4..A.•:',ii.i.::::.;.•;iii.:.:::1::: . .• ' • •,: ..• .. .::•-..-•:•:".:-:::•:.:::'-:•.;.;;;;..8:5'..::•::::.••••••:::::::'• . '.....:,:'•.•••,5:•,:f....4e•5c::?,.'4,4,0:*,,A.••• • .-. . • .- . . ~ 4...•,4•:..,:',,....%,. . ' •-• .0 .........•••...,..., ........,. ' ...-... - ~,,••:;:::01*5.,.iiicei:44§M• :•:.:." - ; : ../.• • - ; ::!.,,•s:.:ii.::' • Zni::..iii;:iiii:::::,. ..., , ..'. . ~ .: -. : ::::?....::..•;:,.."....".::::......::::::,........:•;ii.i....:':....:•'. '' ....,:.'•:•i4c.l'AV.*::::,,e'.,i'ac,,,,4:.,,''„.'::-. - ' - ••• '-• • • • • :•:•,-;..4":%i:::::::.::::::::::::4 :::,,,,,Y.4:i'ii.,".M.,:::.::fi.Z.•••••', •• -- - " ~....,••••,::-.:::::::,,,,,,,,:;:::::.$ . -.. ••••• •••• '• • ••••••• •- ' ... •• ' , ..........::•,,,,t,::::::::::...,,,...5:::::;,, ~ . - . , , .... • - -.:•,.:".,;.:%:::::::',:::•::.::::::::::"..R.... . , ~ i:".. ..•::*:::::::::,,,.::::1::.*:?::'::::::..::,,,- ~:::::•....."::::*3::::::::*•:::.:•fiv',"::- . • , , ••••::,AS'''''::*:••••,,,i:Aiiit.'.. ';'..,.' ', . - ••• ••, :: ' . . .:::... ~..•:•:'::::::::.:•,;::::...ii••••:•,...iiKi.f:''.i.:•:•;;;:.ii;.•,.., .:.....;;;;;,........::::::::74,....,•::::::::::,..,... •.. . . . . -'. - ~,1**::.•.:"5,:,.......:::*.i:::,..,...;.. . . . - . , .... ..................;.n....... ...„..............:. •••••;‘,4::•,./..;;:',.,,,,,,,,..*:':*:;,, ...:••. .. • . . • -.." . . ~,,%,:.,:i5.,.•••.:..t.:',...,..,-..:::::;:::•,,„..4%.... • '..' - ':- • .::•::::•.>•:;::::X:ni:e.3..:::::::::',X.,:::::, ...,.....,,,,....:"...,,,,,: . ...:. - - . '.- >. - ' ".....,;•."::::::::::.5';',::::.:::e•'-', ,'l'. .., ::*.:',..:4*K:igff.:;1•::::.,...:4",...' '''::::":•"..,-..:',=.?,..5:'..:••Ktl,:,.,.:%.,- .. • •-• '' ' ' ''''''''''''''''•,•':'':•:•:, . . • '." . . ••:::::::::1%.:::•:.:c:',,i1i:',.;;.::',5, •••;', '. ' :".•',:. . ' ••k:::'; i'5....,A.,t::::::,:r.i.":41,%:)....P.4 ""•••••• .".•.,'..:•.•....••::::.••.::::::".....:Kf... . • • . • •'• :.:;:31:::;:.ii.:::i.g.:•:•",iiii•O.Mii::, iii•-.•: . - '....."::::.:•::: . • - 11f:,.:::.:AiMif:1t.:74,...iiii••.g...* ... ... •••••• ••••••••••,;:*•::'::•:::. • ' . - ' . . ....•::::.:•:•••::?-i:•::;:;•4'.'o.....gi:K:i•ii:r, .:•..... ••::-:.;:.•4 ' •:•;?:?:" ::•::•:•:'.ii:iiiiiiii....i:i';;;..?.:;.:iA...i. '' ' ":•*•••"" :•••••••.•••••••••:::::::':' - •.. ' • < '" •• •-•-•••"'''''''•ii:::::W,:::i':;i'ii,7, ....• `.:••••:*-.,:). " - • "1,;•:',4*••::::.:::;.**.V::*:*•.....4::'••••::".i••:, '.....' jf,:.:::::.::'•:•:..,•::::::::Akiiiif..... . "••• •• • • ' .. •:ii......,:ifc.•••::.N.,,i';:5iife;i;,4::"4. ::, •••••••-',...' • . '•:-...:::i:;:•Wiiiii4:W.P......4,:i: ; ...::'?...•••..ii;:i.:•••••••Mi:":•••3:•••••••::;::: . ' • •fs • ' -' •., ....::•;...:•:.?!:••••••::::;:ii§.:.g.gaiki• ;•••:. . • • ..".•::::".:..1•::ii.: . • '....:50;1a.::.•.•1:JW.70.:,• -- ..•::.:::':-.0:::.:•••:.i:.....::":.:.1.:::::::::;...::: • .. : .;... •••• •• -.' ' ' . .1.:•::.•:ill:le.::•Iii.:;:•ff4::•-i,iiA.'.E.44 .•'•• .- • -..i:....•:•,?.••:::: . e ....•;:•1:::ifg4Vi'..111::1:•; .•.: ''.•:.':::..':.........,.i.••••:•'.:.....,ii'•••:.••;;•::::.1. . •••- •••'• .• • ..* . •. • ~..•::::••••::.:•••,••••••:::..a.:i....:•:•...:.•••..-n '-- .:::i'l•-:•••••••• '• :. .-:......,51kt:•;i1.:Mn1tii., K.* ' .;:•:•••:,;'...•:•• • '••••••:!•••1'..::•'.•:;,:..••:.•:•g•.g••:•:.•••• • . .. ..' '• - • ..... •••••:•...... 5.......•::•"..'....•....;:ifi.::::;.;... :i.;:. - ••••?•'.••• ...--=... - ..'••••''''''4f:•.'.o,•,o,P;W:l4 •:.••:•:•:.?.••.•:::•:::." •••••••.::::::.*:.•,ii.,..,..,:::•:: •••-••.' ' ' . .. ' ' ' •''' '•••••," ''':'''''.••••:•1••:• ::•••••••'.:••••••••;•/* ' ' ' 2'''. • .•' ..• •••:::Miri?se,ll:•ffifeY....•‘.• •-•....-::::::::....;.::::•,......"..........:.:;::?!.ii:iii,; • • :'.- ~ ',. . j ~. . , , ' . ...... :: :.. . .: . : ....:',1'... .:::::::::....:::: ...:',... ' '...... .:. . . .....?::::.....K..:.*?:::!4eff•SViraiM, , , . . , . .. . . . .., .......... :,.......... :......... ..........., . • :.. . , ................i.;.:•3,:i:::.:;;K:1.4.':0ni..i5,::* . . ..... ..: .... ... ..: ...... :...5.....................: ..... ~.. : . . .. , . . . • . .....i.Kii:i:::ii,il:...§.l':r*.r.S.". , •.. . • ~. ...... .... ....• ........ • • , ~ • . . . ... . . ..' . . •-•...a,::*:•.:,..:-:544,:,..314%.,..4 .1-••.:'..i:::.:::•••••••••::::•'. '••••":••••••••.-:::::'.:•• I • . . •• •.• .- .-•.'-• -:. . : --;,:- : - •Ar.,::::alg.:kpili:.•• -•••-.. ---•-•.:"•-..:_.•-•:..."- :•.•••"...• ' •,. • ... .-.• '. :. -•:,,ii,,...... ~1,'•••-••:::••,.:::::;:?.c..r..:-.':i';:iiff.: ''''6''...;'... ''''' ''''..i ''''' ' . - . . .• :•::::::...-1..1.:•:,..-.%::::%41...:;:.:::::1:',....,,•:::.:if,:i.•:: ~.. •:'.•.-;;:-....,::::•:•:.:•:..i.:.:-.:::::',:::.:;.••••.:...K.:•7‘...",;,,si.:,..,:ii:';',.ati'-;;''. •::::•.•-•-„i••••,;:b.:::'...:•:,:i.S::'>'''''::"''' ' . .- ' ' ' . ..... i,i..z..,....,,.,,i:....,:,..................,,..:,:„...*::„..5itt,,,..„.3...:,:i....t.:.i.f.1.e..%:,,,...:1_,:;:::.:.iii;.:,&:••:iii,:5ac.,...:-.,......t.:3.....;,:*;.:4,..,..iit.:,:::•-::...:-..:.. . ..-.....5..;:...,.,:.;:::::::.•,,,:;:i.-...;',.....i.:1:::-............t::::::•....,....:::)i5kvi*.:1:i....;-,?!.:••:..:i.:,:.;-...:,....,,,,:41...::!.,;:::.....,-;.:1,.:ith.•••-•0.-,•-•••:,-......,::::..1,:,f5.•;::,14,,,..4....*-.,.'5*.:.;:,..,,..,....,. sf.'z,i?:./..2i..,;:•5i• 4. '''''''•••::••••iii'i::•i•:-:::•M Miiii(.4•TV•71?::::1::-.t::::••':*'',.•:•• - • ••••1:••••:••••;•••••: *: •••••••:••••••••••••:::::::: •.• • i'..,::::•_:;t••.:•f-•:,K,AUf.iii•-:,:i'''.1.7••;',.r::.:iV4,t,u30,,,....,....w,S,-,-,..:::?.:•:-.•i I "'",•-•

===== 0002601_19090703_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
A

PICTURES OF THE WEEK.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
jimeWBENGTON

THE OLD BLUEBACKS.

Warrington's First Volunteers.

We reminded our readers a few weeks ago that the month of June brought the Jubilee of the Warrington. Volunteers; but the meeting of 1859 was far from marking the beginning of the Volunteer movement in Warrington. TO go back to beginnings is to find ourselves in stirring days when the air was electric and feeling ran high. It was the spring of 1798 and there were real causes for the quickened pulse of the English people. The French had mustered an army 75,000 strong on the sands of Boulogne and had arrogantly given it the title The Army of England." Bonaparte, fresh from jiis victories in Italy, was at the head, and his name was already being hissed with hatred wherever the English people gathered. And home troubles gathered thickly. The insurrection in Ireland was on the point of breaking forth and England was disturbed by plots and rumours of rebellion. In response to what was felt to be the need of the hour men of every rank rallied for action. Soldiers were made in an hour. With a uniform without and a fine scorn for " Bony " within, they braced themselves for action. So widespread was the movement that Bonaparte confessed that it had thwarted his plans. The invasion of England was not going to be a decisive battle on the coast,.but a war against an armed nation, and for such a task, if he had the courage, he certainly had,not the resources. Warrington narrowly missed the honour, which fell to Lancaster, of being the first

JAMES ASHTON, alias "DEATH OR GLORY." ' (From Ix Photograph by Walter Crompion,of the Oil Painting in, the Warrington Museum and Art Gallery.)

provincial town to raise a corps, but though second information we imagine it was easily first in the fine and varied qualities of its men, and it had • the additional honour of never having cost its King or country a single shilling for arms, pay or accoutre- ment. We have not been able to discover that any appeal was. made or that any one individual gave shape to the movement. With a common impulse the able-bodied men of the town, clergy, doctors, lawyers, shop- keepers, took their places and the Volunteer corps was a reality. At the first muster 160 took their places and twenty mpre joined later. We will not trouble our readers with their names, but may mention that the com- mand was given to-Edward Dakin; Esq., and that Thomas Pemberton, James Nicholson and James Leigh, Esqrs., were captains. The lieutenants were Thomas Skitt, Edward Greenall and Peter Dalton, Esqrs. The funds were raised by public sub- scription and never fell below the needs of the corps. Zeal for the cause broke out in unexpected places. Workingmen denied themselves of luxuries and the ladies of articles of dress. Most remarkable of all was an outburst of enthusiasm on the part of the minister of Hill Cliff Baptist Chapel. This peaceful and amiable man, John Thompson. refused to be supported by his congregation and eked out a living by keeping 'a school, but out of his scanty earnings he gave liberally to the fund and publicly urged his congregation todo the same. " Brethren " he said on one 'occasion, to 'clinch a special appeal, "I had laid aside five pounds to buy a new suit of clothes, but these I have shall last me another year. I will give the money to the Volunteers, and I expect you too will give liberally, for I am now coming out of the pulpit, and will hold the plate at the ' door myself." Such an example was more eloquent., than words and the collection exceeded twenty pounds.

that there would be an outbreak of nicknames among the men. The technical names for the three companies into which the corps was divided were Grenadier, Centre and Light company, but these names were too tame for the mischievous wits, and the Grenadiers became the" Heavenly" company from their tat! stature, we may suppose, the second became the " Maltouts " from its members firing so badly, and the 3rd the "Roast Beef" company from good appetites that dwelt there.

The second parade ground was a "field at Cockhedge, but eventually a permanent meeting place was fixed upon at Harts-Head meadow the ground now occupied by Arpley Station. •A poet thus describes their advent at six o'clock on the mornings of the parade: In buskins gemmed with dew, HiS soul-inspiring call the bugler blew ; Drummers and corporals were seen, Starting from forth our alleys green. - The pipe-clayed ,Volunteer rejoiced to hear, And six-foot tailors grasped the sergeant's spear.

These early moiming drills were not the tame meetings we might imagine. England's nerves were stretched with a sense of danger and the '• doul-inspiring call" of the bugler roused many besides the volunteer heroes. Theit wives, children and sweethearts were there, and the elite of Warrington—the Egertons, the Pattens, the Herons, the Parrs, the Bowers and many others—gave the encouragement of their presence. But space does not allow a complete sketch of the "death or glory" boys. Of one or tvto outstanding events in their history and of some of the relics a the regiment we promise to tell in another chapter. A.M. .

^ - , „ , . , - "I% • , ' • • '• • • ..•31* to. • - 4-;r • , • - - a , , - - - . • _ - • . . _ - , .

===== 0002601_19090703_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
THE UNIFORM.

A large portion of the money raised went to the purchase of fine uniform. • The style adopted was the old " Windsor " blue trimmed with white and with scarlet collar and facings, the gilt buttons/bearing a crown and the letters L.W.V. (Loyal Warrington Volunteers.) The waistcoat and pantaloons wete white, and the head cover was the round hat of the period covered with an enormous bear-skin cover. This hat was adorned with a cockade and a white feather tipped with red. The predominance of the blue colour led some one to call them by the familiar name of Blueback (the local name for the Fieldfare) and' Bluebacks " henceforward they were. When in 1803 the second crop of Volunteers adopted the scarlet coat the Bluebacks "-retaliated by dubbing them "Robin Redbreasts," and as " Bluebacks " and " Red Breasts "they will always remain in local history.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
"DEATH OR GLORY BOYS."

'7ln the first test that was put upon their courage the " Blips " won golden opinions. Before any public parade was ventured upon they met for drill at six in the morning and on three days a week in the old assembly room in Golden-square. At one of these early drills a letter was read from the Lord Lieutenant of the County which was the occasion of a stirring and memorable scene. The Government had received private and reliable information that the Irish insurrection was ripe and the day of rising fixed upon It was reported that France was ready to invade, and that the emissaries of the Irish rebellion in England had made preparations for combat. The volunteers had only enlisted for the protection of their native town, but the letter asked whether

===== 0002601_19090703_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
AN EARLESTOWN PARAGRAPH.

DO YOU LIKE GOOD NEWS? GOOD NEWS FOR YOU? • READ THIS.

Mrs. S. Wyatt, 129, Wargrave-road, Earlestown, says :—" My dsughter suffered from rheumatism in the arms and legs for about two years, sometimes she was much worse than others, especially in damp weather. We had a good deal of treatment for her but site never got more than passing relief until she used Doan's pills ' and these did her a great deal of good ;three boxes quite relieved her, and we can give the medicine the highest praise; it is the best thing she has ever used. I have much pleasure in recommending Doan's Pills for rheumatism. (Signed), Sarah Wyatt." A headache, an aching back, pains in the limbs, spells of dizziness, broken sleep, a continual feeling of tiredness, cold hands and feet, puffiness under the eyes, twinges of rheumatism, urinary trouble of any kind, all these are warnings that your kidneys are not doing their work properly ; upon their work depends, the health of the whole body. The kidneys fitter impurities from the blood. If those deadly poisons remain in the blood, disease of the most painful and destructive character must follow, such as gravel, dropsy, rheumatism, lumbago, &c. It is no 025 taking medicines to alleviate the painful symptoms of* these maladies. Begin at once with Doan's pills which act, directly upon the kidneys, stimulating and strengthen- ing' them. They restore diseased kidneys to health and keep them healthy. Doan's Backache Kidney Pills are two shillings and ninepenee per box (six boxes for thirteen shillings and ninepence). Of all chemists and stores, or post free, direct from Foster-McClellan Co., 8, Wells-street, Oxford-street, London, W. Be sure you get exactly the same kind of pills that Mrs. Wyatt had.

AERONAUTICAL EXHIBITION AT FRANKFORT

ON MAIN.

The exhibition will be opened ;July 10th to bctober 10th, and for the convenince of passengers travelling by the Harwich route, the Great Eastern Railway Com- pany has arranged for thtough carriages to be run between the Hook of Holland and Frankfort in connec- tion with the arrival and departure of the eteemere,

===== 0002601_19090703_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
0"-WNPII

under the critical circumstances they would extend their protection to the County for five miles round Warrington. It was decided to consult all the private members of the corps. The Commander drew a chalked line across the *floor of the ballroom and when the letter was read asked all who cared to Volunteer for this larger service tb seep across the line. There was a moment of dead silence as the men considered their increased duties and risks.. Then a cheerrvoice broke the silence. James Ashton waving his hat stepped over the line and cried, "Come along, lads, death or glory." To a man the privates followed him over the cbalk. The incident bound them together with a stronger tie and closed in good cheer and enthusiasm. James Ashton lived for half a century after that but to the end of the chabter he was "Old Death or Glory,"and the wit of one of his comrades provided him with an epitaph long before he needed one "Here lies Death and Glory by his side." DANGEROUS ZEAL

Now and again the fervour of the Bluebacks ran to the point of becoming almost dangerous. An excess of loyalty and a sword ready for use may easily lead a man to anger. " Captain " said Paul Greenwood running breathless to his chief one day, "I heard a man cursing the King just now ; should I have him run through?" "No Sir"said the witty Captain " You Should only have s(e)cured him." It was a risky-pun, for the difference between ' skewering and running him thro' is not apparent. The gallant captain was prepared to take risks however and failed to see that a misunderstanding would have been of much consequence. The first public appearance of the Volunteers took place on the 30th of April, 1798. • They had drilled for weeks in private and now appeared before the gaze of their admiring townsfolk in the full glory of their uniform. The scene of this parade was the field on which St. Paul's church now stands.

It was only to be expected at that period

===== 0002601_19090703_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TRAINING COLLEGE.

ANNUAL PRIZE DISTRIBUTION. The Shortage of Teaching Appointments.

There was a large gathering at the annual prize distribution in connection with the Warrington Training College, which took place on Saturday after- noon. Mr. J. G. Legge, Director of Education for Liverpool, presided and distributed the prizes to the successful students. There were also on the platform: the Principal (the Rev. Canon Stevens° a) and the following members of the College Council :—The Venerable Archdeacon Spooner (hen. secretary), the Revs. Canon Willis, J. A. Pattinson, IL B. Blogg, Lieutenant-Colonel Buckton, Mr. W. Scott-Barrett, Mr. H. G. Crews, Miss Ferriman and the students of both years. Those who accepted invitations to be present were: Councillor Fulton-Smith (chairman of the War- rington Education Committee), Mr. .1. Moore Murray (director of education in Warrington), Mr. G. H. Mockler (director of educaticn in Wigan), the Rev. and Hon. C. F. Cross, the Rev. A. J. Brett, the Rev. J. Collins, the Rev. J. T: and Mrs. Darwall, the Rev. J. and Miss Davies, the Rev. H. B. Firth, the Rev. and Mrs. Garnett, the Rev. and Mrs. Lee-Jones, the Rev. G. and Mrs. Vale-Owen the Rev. B. and Mrs. Perci,al, the Rev. T. A. J. Ridpath, Dr. and Mrs. Bowden, Dr. and Mrs. Langdale, Dr. 4rs. and Miss Adams, Dr. Somervell. H.M.1., Mrs. Ruckton, Mrs. Crews, Mrs. Stevenson, Mrs. Willis, the Hon. Mrs. Willis, Mrs. Fulton-Smith, Mr. Amos, Mrs. and Miss Broadbent, Mr., Mrs., and Miss Burge,s, Mr. and Mrs. Brownell, Miss Batker, Miss Brookes, Mr. C. B. Baker, Mr. G. La Touche Baker, Mr. and Mrs. G. Brown, Miss Brown, Mr. and Mrs. Carruthers, Miss Coxou, Mr. Campagnac, Mrs. and Miss Davies Mr. Darby, Mr. K. Fortes, Mr. and Mrs. C. Clough', Mrs. Guest Genital, Mrs. Gray, Miss Gorse, Mr. and Mrs. Gunner, Miss Hetherington, Mr. end Mrs. R. Johnson, Mr. A. J. Jolley, Mr. Lee and Miss Rhodes, Mrs. Lester, Mr. and Mrs. Lane, Mr. and Mrs. Mason, Mr. and Mrs. H. Milling, Miss Fakes, Miss Place, Mrs. Rylauds' Mr. and Mrs. Robson, Mr. and Mrs. Rossiter, Mr. and Mrs. Ruddock, Miss Shaw, Mrs. Shepherd, Mrs. Singleton' Miss Taylor, Miss E. Ta3lor, Miss M. Time- well, Mr. C. and the Misses White,Mr. and Mrs. Wilson, Mrs. and Miss Woods, Miss Watkins, the Miss, s Woods, the resident members of the staff, the Rev. 11. A. Lester (lecturer) and about eighty parents and friends of the second year students.—Numerous apologies for non- attendance were received.

CANON STEVENSON AND THE SHORTAGE OF

APPOINTMENTS. The PRINCIPAL, in reviewing the work of the college during the past year, said the work had gone on steadily and satisfactory, and they had obtained very good reports from the inspectors who bad visited the College and especially from H.M. Inspector, Mr. Dale, who had charge of the training colleges in that district. What really troubled those who had to do with training colleges at the present moment was not the work inside the college itself but the future of the students. They were face to face with a very serious shortage of appointments for students in training colleges. It did not apply to that college alone, but to colleges all over the land. Indeed lin thought he might say the pressure , was perhaps less felt in the very populous districts, whet.? the demand for teachers was naturally greater than in some cither part sof the country. Still, the fact remained that last year and this year for the first time for many years they had had considerable difficulty in 1 finding appointments for all their students. His mmory went back to a period twenty-three or twenty-four 1 years ago, when they bad a similar difficulty. He I remembered that in those days the student who got an I appointment as soon as she left college at £4O per year considered herself a very fortunate girl. (Laughter.) I He would not like to go to any one of his students now and propose that she should take an appointment for that amount, because although he was not generally afraid of what -they would say to him—(laughter)—he should have serious misgivings if he were to use such language as that. (Laughter.) The salaries had practi- cally doubled themselves since then, but they were now face to face with a similar crisis. 111 r. Runciman (Minister of Education) thought that it. would very quickly pass away, and they all hoped that he was right. At the same time the fact that the matter might right itself in a few years was no great consolation to those who were anxious that it should right itself at this particular moment. He trusted it would not be long before this difficulty passed.away. Canon Stevenson paid a tribute to the memory of two members of the College Committee who 'bad passed away during the year—Canon Holme, Vicar of Great Budworth, whose cheery presence and sympathetic help they would greatly miss' and Canon Cleworth, who defended the position of Church schools in Lancashire with such zeal. In conclusion be said that whatever measure of success and prosperity they had, by the blessing of God, experienced during the past year, it was most largely due to the loyal and ever-ready help of those who worked with him in that College. He ' would like to make public acknowledgment of what was to him a matter of daily thankfulness and happiness

(Applause.) Mr. J. G. LEGGE, after expressing his own high regard for the College and its Principal, said that Liverpool owed to that College many of it best teachers, and it was one of the incentives to the young people of Liverpool in working up for the teaching profession that they might one day find admission to the Warrington Training Colleges. He was sure that Liverpool would be one of the last places in the country uhich would refuse to recognise the immense debt due to all Church of England and other denomi- national colleges in the country. He confessed that when he heard so much said about it being the duty of young people who aspired to be teachers to' prepare themselves for the service of others, he could not help thinking that at times they ought to reserve a little thought for themselves. The life of thetteacher was in many wars a missionary life. Teachers were always giving, but what he wanted to impress upon them was that what they gave could not,be of very much value unless some of it at lost was their own. Some time ago he read a hook called "'rho Training of the Imagination." The uriter—a poet and an old school- master—declared that the ideal of education was to train., the imagination and he said that what they should aim at in their own studies and in their lessons to others was to raise themselves or their pupils to such a pitch in any subject they were mdling, that they got positive enjoyment out ,of it. It was the moment where routine ended and enjoyment began that they should aim at. He had been reading the delightful lecture recently given at, that College by Dr. Somervell, in which he said they all "bad a silly spot somewhere." (Laughter.) That was profoundly true—with n any of them it was a large spot— (laughter)—hut still there was no-one who had not also got some earnest spot, and what they ought V) do was to find out what was their earnest spot and cultivate it. He hoped he would not be shocking the Principal,, or any future head master or bead mistress who might be present, when he begged of the students every day for a short time to try and forget everything their lecturers or teachers had said to them in the course of the day. (Laughter.) It was a wholesome exercise for them to retire into a sort of little temple of their own, and there give rein to their own imagination and pleasures. At their age, one of the greatest English poets, Emily Bronte, had practically finished writing all the poetry she wrote, and at their age they ought to be writing poetry, not necessarily for publication. (Laughter.) 'those of them who could not spend that useful little period when they were forgetting all about lectures and school in writing poetry, could spend it in other intellectual pursuits. In a little book he read some time ago which emanated from a training college, it was pointed out that there were two categories of teachers, the "quick and the dead." It was only by nurturing the vital spark within themselves that they could become quick and not dead teachers. In conclusion, Mr. Legge again urged the students in remembering their duty to others not to forget their duty to themselves, and in conceding so much as they' were asked to do to others, to reserve a little of their life's interest for their own self. cultivation. (Applause.)"

===== 0002601_19090703_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PRIZE LIST.

- Mr. Legge then distributed the, prizes as follows : Edith Brough, divinity, "Gospel in the Old Testament" (pictures); Alice Dunkerley, divinity, "Gospel in the OH Testament" (pictures) ; Rita Johnston, highest marks in all Subjects (first prize), dressing case; Ethel Bunch, highest marks in all subjects (second prize), writing case; Annie Edgar, practical teaching (girls), "Now Century Library" 2 vols., "Every Man's Library" 3 vols.; Florence Livesey, practical teaching (gills), "Collin's Library," 2 vols., "Ruskin," 2 vols., "Leigh Hunt's Essays"; Frances Crundwell, practical teaching (infants), "Ruskin," 2 vols., "English Poets," 3 vole.; Evelyn Trowel), practical teaching (infants), "Every Man's Library," 5 vols.; Edith Brougb, principles of teaching, Longfellow's Poems, Scott's Poems; Lucy Harvey, principles of teaching, Longfellow's Poems, "Every Man's Library," 2 vole.; Evelyn Trowel!, principles of teaching, Browning's Poems, "World's Classics," 3 vols.; Elizabeth Hilton, education (optional), Froebel's "Educa- tional Laws," Miall's" Round the Seas " ; Rita Johnston, arithmetic, fountain pen, Beethoven's Sonatas; Florence Mackay, elementary mathematics, "Every Man's Library," 5 vols. ; Annie Seed, elemen- tary mathematics, "Every Man's Library,s vols. ; Ethel Bunch, advanced mathematics, "Letters of Queen Victoria " ; Alice Phizacklea, advanced mathematics, "Every Man's Li rary," 3 vols. ; Edith Brough, English language and literature, Browning's Poems, "Every Man's Library," 4 vols.; Lucy Harvey, English language and literature, Whittier 's Poems, " Hazlett's Shakes- perian Characters" ; Lucy Harvey, English literature (optional)," Green's history,"" Every Man's Library," 2 vols. ; Jessica Wild, literature essay," Midsummer Night's Dream," "Teaching and Organisation " ; Florence Mackay, English composition, "World's Classics," 7 vols. ; Jessica Wild, English composition, Boswell's "Johnson," Plato's" Republic " ; Emmeline Taylor, " The best letter," writing desk; Frances Crund- well' " Pleasures of Life," " 8. Martin's Library," 2 vole.;

Lilian Turner, reading and recitation, "Every Man's Library" 3 vole." World's Classics" 3 vols.; Mary Sheldon, history and geography," Wayside and Wood- lands Trees and Blossoms," " Every Man's Library " 5 vole.; Emily Coates, history essay, "Shakespeare's Plays," "Every Man's Library" 7 vols. ; Ethel Bunch, practical science, " Cary's Dante " ; Bertha Davies, practical science, "Every Man's Library" 2 vols. ; " World's Classics" 3 vols. ; Alice Dewhurst, nature study, "Wild Animals," "World's Classics" 3 vols. ; Margaret Holmes, nature study, "World's Classics" 3 vole,; "S. Martin's Library " 3 vols, ; Rita Johnston, needlework " Orieg's Dances " Long- fellow's Poems, Coleridge's Poems ; Rita Johnston, French, " English Pre-Raphaelite Painters" " High- ways and Byways in the Lake District " ; Mary Blun- dell, drawing (bookwork) pint box ; Rita Johnston drawing, (bookwork), water colours of J. M. Turner ; Annie Hughes, drawing (blackboard) box of water colours; Daisy Millington, drawing (blackboard), " Arnold's Poems," "World's Classics" ; 3 vols. ; Edith Porter, theory and practice of music, "Mozart's Sonatas,"" Kipling's Works," 2 vols. Mr. SCOTT BARRF:TT, in proposing a vote of thanks to Mr. Legge, said that the County Council was spend- ing large sums of money on schools end they were almost daily increasing in numbers. Although for some little time there might not to employment for all the teachers who sought it, be was certtin that so long as the Warrington Training College meintained its present high level, if any teachets were qualified and would get places, it was those who came from that College. (Applaitse.) Ihe Rev. H. 13. BLOC G seconded, and the vole was heartily parsed. Mr. LEGGE, in responding, said that with regard to the shortage of appointments, he agreed with Mr. Runciman that it was a temporary difficulty and he was equally sure that colleges such rs Wallington and several others he could name in the neighbourhood, would not seriously suffer. The best that it would do was to give a rather long holiday to some young ladies, and he did not know that they would not be better for having a little time in which to retire to that temple he bad spoken of. (Laughter.) One read in the papers a great many letters about the quality of the teaching in the schools. He made bold to say that a great deal of what they read in the papers on that topic was sheer nonsense, and he declared that the teaching given in our schools to-day was better than it ever was and that year by year the teaohers coming out of the training colleges were better than they ever were. His authority for that was not his own opinion but that of many of the most experienced heal teachers in Liver- pool, whose lives in their youth were not cast in tye pleasant places that young people now found in training colleges. These head teachers were the survival of a very severe regime—the fittest only survived in those days—and they assured him, with all their natural human prejudice in favour of the hard tip-bringing that they had, that the quality of the teaching was better to-day than ever it was. (Applause.) After the meeting the visitors were at liberty to inspect the College. Messrs. Crosfleld's band played selections on the lawn and tea was served in the library and in the schoolroom. Service in the College chapel brought the day's proceedings to a close.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR MISCELLANY.

The State of Washington, U.S.A., has made it a misdemeanour to give or receive a tip in either hotel, railway, or place of business. An American newspaper poet breaks into verse at the prospect. Let my travelling all be done In the State of Washington.

Swell cafes I need not shun, I should fear no waiter's dun,

From hotels I need not run In the State of Washington. Dimes and quarters need I none, Liberty at last is won. '

The millennium's begun In the state of Washington ** * *

In the article which appeared recently describing Boothbank and its Methodist associations, we stated that the tea pot— a relic of the days of Wesley and his travelling preachers, had disappeared. In this, it seems that we were in error, for the pot is the prized possession of Mr. W. Taylor Moss of Lymm, who has received,it by direct inheritance from the original possessor. It is understood that the tea-pot was the gift of Wesley himself to the hospitable tenant at Boothbank and bears his portrait in profile and the text Only let your conversa- tion be as it becometh the gospel of Christ." ** * *

It is pleasant to renew the acquaintance of the friends of our youth and the "Montreal Standard" has done us a service in bringing back to us the original Mary. We refer of course to the Mary who had the little lamb of spotless fleece. A genuine history lies behind the immortal "Mary had a little lamb." Mary was a village girl of Sterling, May. by surname S awyer, and her father kept sheep on his small farm. On a visit to the fold one day Mary was told that there was a dead lamb. "But it isn't dead" she protested, for -when' I move its head it will mov.e it back again." To prove her conten-

tion that the lamb was alive she asked to be allowed to take it home and nurse it back to health. The request was granted and the nursing was successful. By her kindness the little maid gained a new friend and com- panion. The lamb clung to her-and refused to be separated and it was out of this that there grew the episode of the lamb at school. John Rollestone, a friend, celebrated the event in a poem which ran:

IR * * *

Mary had a little lamb, His fleece was white as snow, And everywhere that Mary went The lamb was sure to go. He followed her to school one day, Which was against the rule ; It made the children laugh and play To see ,a.lamb at school. And so the teacher turned him out, And, still he lingered near; And waited patiently about Till Mary did appear.

This was the entire poem, bilt Mrs. Sarah Hale some years afterwards embellished it and added a moral of her own.

*"" * * *

Mary's lamb—for so it was known to the end of its days, never having had a name of its own—takes high ranks in the annals of quadrupeds. It not only provided by its conduct a nursery classic for all time, but continued after death to wield a decided influence for good. Mary Sawyer had a pair of socks made from the wool of her lamb, and as the poem had spread its fame the socks became valuable. There was talk of pulliag down the Old South Church in Boston and a committee was formed to raise a fund to prevent its destruction. To this Com- mittee Mary generously gave the socks. They were, however, regarded as much too valuable to be bought by any one purchaser, and were accordingly unravelled and the wool sold in tiny fragments for a total of £45. A further service which, the estimable pair did to humanity was to prove that kind- ness is conducive to longevity. The lamb succeeded in living twelve years and the maiden eighty-three—a sufficient refutation surely of the cynical proverb that the good die young. -

===== 0002601_19090703_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW GIPSY SMITH KEEPS MODEST.

Gipsy Smith, the famous Evangelist,has just returned to this country after his mission tour in America which Ins resulted in a great religious revival. He travelled 20,000 milts and addressed 600 meetings ; the audiences at many of them numbering 15,000 people. It would not be surprising if, after the tremendous success of his campaign, the Gipsy were "puffed up." But no, he is the same simple-hearted, kindly Gipsy we all know. He is exceedingly careful to avoid this danger, and during the mission tho audiences were told that the power to reach the souls of men and bring them to Christ comes from God alone. On his study table, in Cambridge, according to the" Free Church Chronicle," lies an old knife, a very common, ordinary looking affair, but invaluable to Gipsy, because it is the knife which long ago Gipsy's father used, when he folldltved his humble trade as a roving gipsy. "And now," says the evangelist," when I return from a great campaign, I pick up the old knife, and say to myself, If it were not for the grace of God I would still be using this as a wandering kipsy," The old knife, he claims, keep; down his pride,

===== 0002601_19090703_art0083.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
(Copyright.)

===== 0002601_19090703_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
BLACK JOAN.

BY S. BARING-GOULD.

Author of "The Vennycomequicks," "Atehalah," "Red Spider," "The Claverocks," "Richard Cable," &c.

At some little distance off the bold and precipitous coast at Lone, in Cornwall, lies the island of St. Nicolas. or Lone. It is nearly circular, and for the most part rises abruptly from the waves. A very dangerous and troublesome reef runs to it from the mainland, covered by the waves which lash themselves into foam over it. The sea-cliffs of the mainland rise high above the water, but there are in them n rents, down which streams brawl into little coves. The river that enters the sea at Lone divides the town into two .parts, each of which in the old days of rotten boroughs returned two members to Parliament.

The whole of this coast offered great advantages to smugglers, and at the beginning of last century the two Inoes were notorious nests of those daring seamen who carried on a contraband trade with France, and the difficulties presented by the coast made it most arduous and discouraging work for the preventive officers to check this "free trading.". So unsuccessful had they been, that at length it dawned on the minds of those in authority :,hat it was as well to plant a station on Looe as they felt convinced that the two denizens of the islet were in constant communication with the smugglers, and gave them notice whenever there was danger of their running their goods. They also shrewdly suspected that on Looe Island these goods were stored to be shipped ashore at suitable moments. Yet, however minute the search made on the island, no place could be found where the kegs of brandy and bales of silk were -secreted. The gravest suspicions attached to the denizens of the isle, Old Finn and his darfghter, Black Joan, but nothing could be brought home to them to justify their arrest. 'The coastguard station erected on Looe Island was planted there as much for the sake of watching the movements of ths Finns, as of observing the coast.

The story of Finn •;-vas peculiar. For some crime or other he had been outlawed, and had taken refuge on a rock in Plymouth Sound, where he spent some twenty-five years, not in absolute solitude, for in some unaccountable manner lie induced a woman to come out to his rock and become his wife. As a result of this wild union, a single child arrived, whom the couple called Joan. At length the woman died, and then Finn abandoned his rock and came ashore, where he was not molested. But life on the mainland was intoler- able to him, constant association with his fellow- men unendurable, and he fled to Looe Island with his daughter, there to end his days. lie was now an old Man, and Joan was a buxom, brown faced, sturdy young woman of three-and- twenty, with very black hair and eyebrows and dark eyes. It was not often that she appeared in the streets of Looe, and then only to • furnish herself with necessaries. She seemed to be flush of money. But—asked the preventive men—whence cams it? She and her father cculd earn it in one way only, by mating themselves serviceable to the daring men who defied the law.

When the station wa9 erected on the island, and two coastguards were placed in it, Finn and his daughter looked each ether in the face, and each face bore the aspect of dismay. "Never mind,Joan," said the old man; "we'll be even wi"em. Providence hey' given us brains by the ounce, and to them by the scruple. Don't go for to look sour at 'em. Put on your sweetest, and we'll do 'em yet." "I'll do my best, vayther, but it's a sore trial." "Man is born to trouble," replied the old man, sententiously, "as the waves is to fret, and the clouds to drop water. Whatever you do, don't let 'em get a mite of an inklin' as to where the cellars be." "Trust me, vayther."

Now, it happened that these cellars were full, and it was necessary to have them cleared, but how to do so with those coastgoardsmen on the alert was the puzzle. _

Igioe Island is a mass of old red sandstone, with gravel on top, due to the decomposition of the rock. Wliat had been done was to dig down under Joan's bed, and tunnel in the friable shale and gravel, and even in the rock, and to form chambers in which a good deal of contraband stuff could be stowed away. But, owing to the activity and sharp- ness of the officers, for some time the smugglers had been unable to clear out the cellars, that they might be free to receive a fresh supply. "Of them. two as is sot here a-spyin' on uo," pursued old Finn, "to my thinkin' aoel French is the wust. lie's gloomy and cross-grained, and I can't make no headway with ho; Joe Symmonds is a better sort of a chap—but he's sharp too." "I've cached he a-rollin' of his eye my-ward's," observed Joan. "He's a tidy chap, and would be friendly, but for his dooty." "Work that there eye, lovie," said the old man. "Summut may be done wi' it, if you keep a-workin' of it. in on --1“ "Joel

One evening Joan rushed in pn the father. " Vayther !" said she, breathlessly. French hey gone ashore." "No—never I Then, • now's our time; but how be we to manage 'vi' the tother ? " "Leave him to me," said Joan. "They're on the look-out ashore, I suppose?" "They be. They've signalled."

_ "Then signal back toe ready smart, and you, Joan, manage Joe Symmonds." .A quarter of an hour later, Joan ran to the coastguard's station in a state of the utmost excitement, her black hair flying in the wine. "Oh, Mister Symmonds—Mister Symmonds l* she gasped. "Whatever will rayther and me do? There is our boat broke loose, and the tide it running out and she'll be lust." "It's a bad job," replied Joe. help."

"But there's no

'-There is help. You must help.' "How can I? Joel has taken the boat—l mean, our boat."

"Then we're done entirely!" exclaimed Joan, and, throwing herself down on her knees, she burst into tears, wrung her hands, and then, stretching them imploringly to the preventive man,. said: "Oh, no! Mister Symmonds, you'll never let tta be beggarded and lost thus? Vayther says he'll leave the island altogether and take me away and live at Looe Town West—and I can't bear to think of going away. -Do, now, help us!" "There's only the big boat," mused Joe. I can't manage her alone." "I'll row with you,'" urged Joan. "Yon will save our poor little cockleshell, won't you now ?-?' "Very well, if you'll take the second oar."

"But

So it was agreed. Joan ran back to her father and told him that she was going to take Symmonds away, and that he must get all the kegs off before she returned. "You just make a token with your pockyhanker as all is right," she said, "and then we will be back."

So the unsuspicious preventive man uts3 lured away from his post. He could Fee the brat adrift, and he thought that his arms and those of Joan, which were as lusty and muscular as his own, would soon enable them to overtake the drifting vessel.

And, indeed, before very long they did siireeed in getting bold of her, and making her fast ; but to return was slow business. The tide ran extra- ordinarily strong; and Joan's arms began to fail her.

I "Look alive, mate!" shouted Symmonds. "You ain't pulling strong. We're turning her head about.'

"Wot's that you sez ? " asked Jen,l; and as she turned to make the inquiry the oar slipped from her hands and was next moment dancing on the waves.

"Hang it !" shouted Joe. "I didn't think you'd ha' done that."

"I be all of a tremble," replied Joan. "Vayther, be have had the lumbago so bad," I had to Jay him on the kitchen table and rub and rub into his back wi' a bit o' flannel and embrocation, that I've nigh broke my own back, and my arms be that tired and weak-"

"Well, never mind about the lumbago now. We must recover the oar." "And if we don't ?"

"Why, we shall not get back, but be-carried out to sea, and night is coming on. Lend a hand, wench, to the oar. There, lay hold !" "Lawk, Mister Symmonds Me and you in a boat together right out to sea and night comin' on. l'd- shame to come back to vayther. What would he think ?"

"Hang his thinking ! There, you might have lnitt hold of .the oar then. Why didn't-you ?" "I was that shamed at the bare thought I ronldn't dn it." "Well, do it now."

And the girl did eventually recover the oar. But time had been wasted, and way had been lost. For the first time in her life she rowed badly,

, "Joan," shouted Sp-nu-bonds, "whatever is up I "You're rowin' like the veriest landlubber!"

"Ws that rubbin' vayther's back for the lumbsgo has made me so, and the hartshorn in the embrocation have got up into my head and made me like one drunk. I'm very sorry, Mister Syinmonds. Do you ever have the lumbago ? " "At times."

"Well, you get Joel French to spread you face downwards on the kitchen table and go into your back for half-an-hour with flannel and hartshory and oil."

"Pull harder. We are losing way fast." For a while she pulled better.. - _ .

"But I reckon, "said the girl, "French is that grumpy, you_ might ax him, but he'd never take the trouble."

"Ah !", said Symmonds. "If I only had you to rub my back I'd • think I wos in Heaven. What's that—ashore ?. Is your father signalling ? " "He's a wipin' of his blessed nose wi' his pocket- hanker. Pull away; I'm game now." And, indeed, now she handled the oar in very. different fashion, and the little creek was soon reached near where the Finns' cottage stood. _ _ _

That evening Joel French returned, very irate. "You're a fool, Joe!" he said. "Do you know what has been done whilst you've been here watch- ing? They've cleared out everything, run aIT hole cargo ashore and distributed it. "Dash my buttons!" exclaimed Symmonds. "It was Black Joan had me. -But I'll be even with her yet."

Next time that the girl encountered Joe on the cliffs there was a sparkle in her eye. But he made no sign. "He is a greenhorn," thought Joan. "He don't know how I drawed him off o' purpose whilst our chaps were clearing out the cellar. It's a pleasure to have to do wi' such a softie. I reckon French would be harder to tackle."

During the ensuing fortnight it struck Joan that Joe's duty took him across her pretty frequently, and that his duty or pleasure brought him to exchange civil words with her. He had evidently an eye on her, but whether he was watching her movements or fascinated by her person she could not. say. Acting on her father's instructions she continued to be civil to him and to work her eye, but she despised him for the ease with which he had allowed himself to be hoodwinked.

.Towards the end of the fortnight her father callecQier to him and said : "Joan, gall, there be the Skylark in the offing, come over with cognao from Boscoff. She's shy of coming in, and if we can't manage it she'll run her cargo at Polperro. There is Joel French got his glass on her, and he knows as well as we what's up and she's after. You go smellin' about the station and see what's goin' on there. There's Symmonds--" "I don't think naught ob him. I'll turn his face to the wall and he shall see nothing." "Well, look alive, and tell me what you make out.

"I'll do my best, vayther." "Set your mind to it! Set your mind to it I There's a lot depends on our getting the goods safe in."

During the afternoon Joan Met Joe Symmonds, and as he made as though inclined for a talk, she afforded him a smile of encouragement. "I be.a bit lonely to-day," said he, "and, my word, it's a dull life here on this island and none to talk to."

"You've got Joel French." "Oh, Joel be blowed ! "replied Symmonds. .` He's that crusty and moody, there's hardly any getting a word out o' him. He's poor company at the best o' times, and just now he's not here." "Not here!" echoed Joan. "Where be he to, then ? "

"Well, there's been affliction in his family. Ife's lost his wife's mother." "Didn't know he bud a wife."

"lie has, and that's what puts him in the sulks, being hero and away from her; and she's a bit flighty, and he don•t know what. she's up to when he's shut up in the isle. And now his wife's mother's gone." "Mostwise," retorted Joan, "it be thought a betterment to be rid o' a mother-in-law."

"Not in Joel's case, for she looked after his wife and kept her in some decent order when he weren't there."

"Alit" said Joan. "No wonder he ain't happy here. So he's gone to the burying ? " "Yes, he be." Then, after a pause : "You seem to be in affliction, too. Mister Symmonds, wi' that black band about your arm?" "I be. I've lost my sister." "You don't mean to say so. There seems to ha' been an epuldemic among the women of the preventive service." "Yes, and the lieutenant has lost his wife, and he's off to the funeral to-day. It's coorious, ain't it 2"

"Tremendous," acquiesced Joan. "So we be all sixes and sevens. Me cryin' over my sister, and the lieutenant howlin' over his wife, and Joel in the grumps about his wife's mother. But it's a first-rate thing as it Imps just now when all is clack and there's no mischief afloat. Gracious! if the freetraders was to know it—my word!" "'What a muff this fellow is!" thought Joan. "Tellin' ine, of all people, that this is an." how- ever, she kept her opinion to herself, and said : "I suppose you was very fond of your sister 2* "Loved her like blazes," replied Symmonds. _ _

_ . "Was she older than you?" "No, just about your age—and size; and if you was to chance to be out this evening, I'd she* you a thing or two." "What woula you show me ? " "I've all my sister's things I brought away, and whatever to do with them I don't know." , "What sort o' things ?" "Her clothes. There's a pair of sky-blue stock- ings as is new and never 'Mt on; and there's ribbons, and there's a hat wi' feathers, real hostrich, but one of them feathers be broke." _ _ _

. "You might mend it wi' a bit of fine wire, I reckon."

"Can't say. I should like you to see them." "Blue stockings ? "Sky-blue." "NI-3r word !" "You'd say so if you seed 'em, and'never put on her poor dear blessed legs," And Symmonds pulled out his red cotton handkerchief and wept. "Well, Ts a,pity, never worn. If heed had the chance of wearin'of them just once heed have died more easy. Now I must off and peel my pertat i es. " Then Joan hastened home and told her father that the coast was clear. Death had been among the Ivomankind, and the preventive men were steeped in tears and liquor, engrossed in their domestic afflictions and not likely to be troublesome. "If the lieutenant's wife be'dead," observed old Finn, "as a mark of respect the men of the service will attend the funeral.'

"That's certain," added Joan, "and get fuddled as well."

"I'll signal," said old Finn. "At nightfall we'll have the Skylark in." .

As Joan neeo,,, Trona I,otikeu. one was tninKing or Mee garments ut due Symmonds's sister, that he had brought away to the island sky-blue stockings and a hat with feathers. She looked at the investure of her lower limb., old darned, dingy black stockings, thoroughly rusty with age and falling into holes. She had another pair, but .not much better in con- dition and not superior in colour. "Them legs o' mine," said she, "if they was only sky-blue, wouldn't be a bad pair o' legs at all, and I wouldn't mind liftin' my skirts a bit to show 'em when I went to Looe market. I wonder, now, if Joe Will sell 'ern. Why not? They can be no use to him. He can't put 'em on; he'd bust 'em all the way up and down. I'll go and have a squint at 'em, and we may have a deal. And the 'at. I'd like to see that, too. If the featlier.s broke he'll dispose of it cheap." Night settled in dark, with a drizzling rain at intervals, but lifting and clearing at times. "It's just the weather for us," said old Finn - "Now attend to me, Joan. You're to lake the lantern, put it under your cloak, and go all, about and look hard and see that the preventive boat be not out. The sea is still, and if you can't always see you can hear, and the dip of an oar you can catch four miles away. Look all round and see that they're not prepared. and hidin' somewhere." "Allyight, 7ayther."

"And if you re quite sure that all is safe then raise the lantern up and down; up and down, mind. But if there is danger wave it from side to side. You understand 2"

"I reckon I do. I know my business." "Then be off."

Joan took the lantern and enveloped herself in a very full, thick cloak, and strolled along the edge of the island, keeping a sharp look-out on the sea whenever the rain ceased. The lielits of Lone mad 3 rtery streaks on the water, and a break in these caused by a boat was not likely to escape her. All at once she heard in her ear: "Good evening, Joan." She started. She had been so intentfon the water that she had paid no attention to the land, and Joe Symmonds had stolen on her un- awares. "Now, I do take this kind of you," he continued, "to conic out and give we a bit of counsel

"You needn't. vi'd —rayther you looked at the bag o' tricks now whilst Joel is away. IA might be unpleasant were he here. He'd be passin' of insulting remarks." "That's true," mused Joan. "There's no time like the present time." "I may say I've had an offer for the lot, hut it didn't come up to my figure. Besides," added Symmonds, making his tone 'soft and insinuating, P"I did want that you should have the first pick. seeing as we be neighbours and friendly, and I'did notice as your stockings were out of repair and tranted a dash o' paint over 'em." "Well," said the girl, "I don't mind looking at 'em. Whether .we deal or not is another matter. Lone and lorn I be, and vayther don't give me much pocket-money. I had to save up a fortnight. to afford myself three-penn'orth of .stickjitlV. " " CS a wonder how you get any money at all," said the preventive man. "You've nothing t "Well, it is odd. It's Sambo's skull does it. Gentlefolk's frofn Looe arsine's out here picknickin', and vayther he exhibits the skull and gets sixpence or a shillin' by it." Joe Symmonds knew the story of Sambo. In the first years that Finn was on the island there was a big negro there .as well. They got on fairly \veil together. But after a while suspiciOn was ra.ied that he had sold liimFelf to the officers of the Crown and would betray secrets. He was found thrown or fallen over the reeks with his neck broken.. A coroner and jury sat on him' but " nothing could be proved against anyone, and he wag buried on the island by old Finn, who, how- ever, dug him up again, possessed hiniself Of the skull and made a show of it.

"nem we be," said Joe. "We'll "Leave the door open for the gulls to look iri and see that all is respectable. So you have a lantern with you ?" "Yes," replied Joan. "When the rain comes on it is very dark, and I don't want to fall over the edge and conic to an end like Sault)°, and having old vayther making exhibition o' my skull and get tin'. sixpences _out of it."

- "1 sbe,'" said Symmonds. The girl placed liio lantern on the floor near the door and threw back her cloak.

"I be hot," Ehe said.

"Take it off," advised the preventive man. "The cloak is wet and heavy as lead." "And the wA might spoil the rilit?ina," considered Joan. "I'll just dry my fingers as well if you'll lend me a towel."_

Joe proe_need what was asked for and then pro- ceeded to a locker and drew forth a bundle.

"You've a lot o' things there," remarked the girl. "And gay, too," added the man; "you'll see them tine by my colza lamp. I'll just screw Up the oil and turn the wick up. Having done as he proposed he untied the knots of the sheet in whichwere, as he said, the arlicic,s that had belonged to his sister. "You see," observed Joe, "if I'd a wife or a sweetheart I'd give 'em to her free, gratis and for

_ not h lug." - "But as you ain't got neither, you'll sell to me. But ,bad off for money. The skull don't bring in a terrible lot, and when Nayther duce get some- thing it's precious little he allows to me," "We are not like to quarrel over the price," said Symmonds, sweetly. "There, what do you say to that ?" lie exhibited a brightly-coloured silk hand- kerchief. Joan considered it eagerly. It was nearly new. Joe was hardly likely to part with that cheap. "And there!" he said, and unrolled a pair of quite new blue stockings. "My word, they are splendid! I'll deal you over them stockings first," she said. "But I don't know if they'll fit me." "Try 'em on," proposed Symumnds. . "I couldn't have the face to do it," she-answered. "They look to me too short in the foot." "They'll stretch," said Joe. "But will they stretch enough ? „I've long feet." "Try 'em on and make sure," twain proposed the preventive luau. "I shouldn't have the face to do so in here," answered Joan. "But it's not rainin'. now, and I'll go outside and sit on your bench and see if I can get my legs into 'em. You .bide where you be and don't look out o' - the winder. Sit you there and cover your face 'vi' your hands as if you was thinkin' of your poor dead sister, and I'll take my lantern outside and try on the stockings and then offer you a twice." Very wen. -- "Swear no peepin'." "I swear."

Then Joan took up her lantern and the blue hose and went forth. She removed her boots and peele'd off the miserable black stockings that encased her legs, and 'proceeded to draw on the articles that so filled her with admiration and desire. It took her some time to get them on. . _

"My word I" she said. -"They lit me splendid. But I mustn't let him think so. What a pity women wear long petticoats. 'Wi' stockings such as these they should shew their legs. I wish .I could stand opposite myself and see 'eni. But I'll have a good look at 'em all the same wi' my' lantern.' •

Then she took the light and raised and depressed it over each limb from the knee to the toe.

"l'll lüve 'em," she exclaimed. "But I'll beat down that soft-head first."

' She took then, off, put on her old hose and boots, and returned indoors.

"I said it, they're too short and too tight." "But in a day or two they'll stretch." "When washed they'll tighten." "I'm sorry they don't suit you," said Symmonds, sorrowfully. "I was thinking of making you a present of them. "Never!" exclaimed the delighted girl. "I mean it," said Symmonds. "Now look at the rest of what I've got."_

So the remainder of the collection was •over- hauled, and Joan bargained for several articles, and after much haggling secured them. "What have you in that there little box ? "asked she.

Symmonds opened it and displayed a ring. "My sister's,, "he said. "And as you've been so civil, and bought the shawl and the petticoat and the make you .tt present of the ring."

Joan considered. "1-don' t know about t hat, "-she said, reluctantly. "Takin' of a ring from a gentle- man means a lot too much. .1 think I'll not have the ring, all the same. And now l've been here too long, and my tad yayther will swear. I must be off.'

Snatching up her cloak she threw it over her shoulders, tucked the stockings that were given and, her purchases under one arm, and taking the lantern she went forth and strode away to the cottage. The door was open and old Finn was there. . . .

"What ha' you. been doin', you toad!" 'tared the man. "Makin' signals as all were right, and the whole crew and cargo have been trapped. I only got off by the merest chance. The preventive men, under the lieutenant and Joel French, have been watehin', and ketched 'em all and took every- thing, and you—you signalled 'vi' the lantern that all was safe."

"I I" gasped Joan. And it flashed on her, as the lantern had flashed on her stockings, that un- wittingly she actually had, in admiring them; given the token that all was safe. She had, more- over, been lured by Symmonds away from the watch, and thus had allowed the officers of the Crown to. steal upon the smugglers unobserved. "Now I'll larrop you," shouted Finn,,as he caught up a stick. "By ginger, l'll deal with you as they did with Sambo !" A few minutes later -into the preventive station dashed Joan.

"Save me! Save me!" she cried. "Vayther is that mad he'll kill nio! And, oh, Joe, I'll have hat there ring with all the consekenccs, for I see lou ain't such a softie as I thought." "Ali," said Symmonds, "my sister will welcome :..oilinto the family,"

"No, -she' s idcad:"

Joe winked. his eye. "That's all gammon. Neither is my sister dead, -nor the, wife of the lieutenant, nor Joel's mother-in-law. There ain't been no epuldemic, after all." • "Well, now! " exclaimed Joan, and stood back and looked admiringly at the man. "You be a line fellow and no mistake. I feels as I shall admire and worship yc,tt unto my life's end. Give me the i TUE EFDI,

===== 0002601_19090703_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, July 3, 1909.

over them garments and pomps and vanities of my poor dear sister." "You haven't got them out here ?" "No," replied Joe, "they'd spoil in the rain, and the night is dark. I must trouble you to step into the cabin."

"Is that quite proper ? What 'ud folks say ?" "Where's the folks to say aught. That growl in,g hedgehog, Joel, 'be away burying of his mother- in-law and drinkinf, himself tight," _ _ . _ _

"Well," said Joan, "I don't .mind so long as we leave the door-open. I've been turning over them stockings and that there 'at in my mind, and I daresay I might offer yrin a trifle for 'etn. You see, the stockings mightn't fit me, and the feather in the 'at, as you say, be broke and no good at all."

"Yon shall judge for yourself," said Syunuonds. "But 1 can't stay observed Joan.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

Nowt for Women.—The scarcity oT public memorials to women has often been remarked, and it recalls a story told by a well-known Country parson. He was sent for by a dying parishoner, who had always bardened her heart against him, and his church. He found her most contrite, and did his best to- comfort her remaining hours, ofTerine up an earnest prayer on her behalf. When it came to the ending—Amen—she roused up. Aye," she said, "That it! Its a' tor men, and not for us poor women in this world." That, atany rate,is the case with our public statues and monuments. There are about one hundred of these memorials in London, and, apart.front Royal personages, only one is erected to a worean—that at Patldington Green in memory of Mrs. Siddons, the actress, which was unveiled by the late Sir Henry Irving. Among the memorials to Royal personages, there are in the ructropolis, three to Queen Victoria, two to Queen Anne, and one to Queen Eli zabeth.

Appropriating Distinguiahed Names.—There are ways of honouring heroes and distinguisbed personages other than by erecting monuments to their memory. Welling- ton's name was appropriated for a boot, Mr. Gladstone bestowed his on a bag, Queen Anne gives hers to the state of being defunct. It would be curious to linow how the saying "dead as Queen Anne" came into vogue, but it, is as common as the term "dead as a door nail." Miss Florence Nightingale is one of the very few women who have bestowed their names on articles of attire, and that too is not. very well known. At a recent bazaar in London, there were some "nightingales" on sale, not song birds, but a simple st3le of bed-jacket invented by Miss Nightingale for the use of her patients in the Crimea.

Royal Guests for Goodwood.—Prepar..tions are being made for the customary royal visit to Goodwood [louse for the race week the end of this month, which p-o- -ceeds the regatta week at Cowes and ends the Londe season: This year the King and ]] Queen, with Prine?ss Victoria, will be the guests of the Duke of Richmond and Lady Helen Gordon-Lennox for the lacing Week, whilst the Prince and Prince s of Wales are to stay at West Dean Park, with Mr. and Mrs. Willie James. The apartments se t aside for royalty at Goodwood [louse occupy a wide wing on the groend floor, end open cut on the terraced gardens. The house itself cannot lay claim to anything in the way of architectural beauty, but tic interior itself is full of I rieders treasures, tapestries and old-world furniture. The Cowes week will be notable for the visit to the Solent of the Czar and Czaritza of Russia,with U eir children, end possibly also the King end Queen of Spain. The Ithssian•royal yacht is expected to arrive on August 2nd, the bank holiday, and the regatta week promises to be exception- ally biilliant from a social point of view. Table Manners.—Among many other things of which we hoist imthis cultured age are ourimproved table manners, but there is nevertheless plenty of- scope for the lady who has started a school wherein the etiquette and art of eating are taught. There are a good many people who appear to be perfectly well-17red, and well mannered, but a hose habits at table are not above criticism, and it is at such times that we are most sensible of the shortcomings of our fellow beings. In medimval times people were not fastidious, and any such faults did not n atter. The Stuarts did much to refine British table manners, in respect of which Mary Queen of Scots compared favourably with her rival Queen Elizabeth, and James 1. continued the more cultured traits of his Royal mother. Yet we lead that in the following reign of Charles I. it was necessary for the Lord Chamherlain to issue regulations for the benefit of those invited to dine at the Royal table, and among other things they were not to come half-drunk, not to drink more than one goblet to every two dishes, not to lick their fingers, or throw the bones under the table.

An Arrusing Competition.—At the Actors' Fete held last week at the Botanic Gardens, a bat-trimming con- test by men took place, withessel by the Princess Royal and the Princesses Alexandra and Maud. It was an interesting performance. To begin with, there are few things more amusing than watching a man threld a needle—provided of course he is well behaved and omit: to say exactly what he thints *hen the thread dodges persistently each side of the eye. Then the average man never ccrisijers how a hat is likely to look upon a head. There is the hat, there is the trimming, he has to thread a reedlc—the hardest part of all—and then to sew those trimmings on, and generally he sews them as securely as he would a button on his coat. For pins, and the light tacking approved by skilled hands, he has a great contempt. alibi refuses to consider fo'r a moment the mel its of the, bandeau. Ribbon bows he can generally manage, flowers and foliage be finds more bothersome, while the arrangement and thing of a feather baffles him beyond deicript ion. The Summer Sales.—The silos are now in full swing;, and those among us uho have waited for them to pro- vide for the summer, are revelling in the thought that not only are we getting wbat we require at reduced prices, but that up to the present nothing airy-fairy would have been of much use. Headgear of all sorts and conditions is going exceptionally cheap, a fact due no doubt to the forthcoming changes. Again the very delightful ready-made cotton and linen blouse suits are priced ridiculously low, While many bargains are to be had in underskirts nod underwear generally. Indeed taken altogether the Summer Sales should prove a very happy hunting ground to the girl or woman possessed of good judgment and a cool head. Fine Troning.—The girl who can "get up" her "fine things " at home will rejoice at the return of the white petticoat, plentifully adorned with 'broderie Anglaise. Of course if such garments visit the laundresq, one might just as well, from an economic point of view, *ear light silk undershilts, but " dressed "at howie, the washing petticoat comes very much cheaper. Fine ironing is an art that should be mastered by every girl possessel of only a small dress allowance, for not only are the actual costs of the cleaner or laundress saved, but the garments themselves are likely, if carefully "got tip" at home, to afford a very much longer spell of usefulness.

Modish Neckwear.—ltuffles abcund,and very beautiful are the best and daintiest. Almost every airy-fairy gown has a ruffle slnt home with it, matching and blending of comae, and looking as though just blown together. Needless to ray, there 'is little wear to Fe expected of these delightful t rifles, they fade and droop very like hothouse flowers Ent while frrsh they are just the most fascinating items imaginary. Net, with rather large chenille spots in some contrasting colour. makes up exceedingly well into these modish neck ruffles, bat the home worker must see to it that she does not stint the quantity—which is considerable—of net required.or the effect will be poor and unsatisfactory.- White or Cream.—When hovering betwixt white and cream, choose the latter. This advice—coining from one of our greatest modistes—is invaluable, as the _majority who carefully go into the mater speedily dis- cover. Not one girl or woman in a hundred his a com- plexion that looks well acainst a mass of dead white, which has an unpleasapt habit of drawing out and pub- lishing all the sallow tones in the skin. A warm cream, on the contrary, is becoming to almost every girl and woman, end especially so to the women who has long since left youth behind. Trimmed with lace of " old" hue, an pearl embroideries, a soft warm cream gown is perhaps the most becoming and altogether charming toilette for the middle-2ged, or elderly, ever devised. MADGE.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
REV. H. DUNNICO ON PERILS OF

THE AGE.

Preaching to a large congregation in Kensington Chapel, on Sunday night, the Rev. Herbert Minnie() said that .one of the greatest perils of this age was that a looserfein na3 given to every kind of appetite, and an increased spirit of wasteful luxury was to be seen on every band. The list of those slain every year by intemperance was more dreadful, es well as more numer- ous, than the victims of inhuman monsters like the Czar of Russia and the King of the. Belgians. This one evil alone was also responsible for a wasteful, extrava- gant expenditure amounting to well nigh a million sterling a day. Let them think for a moment of the enormous salaries commanded by music hall aitistes, without pronouncing any opinion as to the character of the items presented. The "artistes" were, for the most part, void of genius, often of average mental ability, and were as far remov-d from artistes like Forbes Yobertson, Sir Herbert Tree, and Miss Ellen Terry. as street pavement "artistes"were re:uoved from a Raphael or a Turner. Moreover,it was hardly possible to pass a bookstall without finding -exposed for sale a type of literature that deliberately ministered to depraved tastes. And yet, in the midst of it all, they had the pad spectacle of reit and women bearing the name of Him vkho wept over a city, not more wicked than our own, exhibiting all the characteristics of South Sea Island Savages. It was a sight to make devils laugh ant angels weep. "Might God forgive them."

-Bu

171 h flr; •s" • n 15411011. k ...,__ . ...b. :isSOOTHING , ,------_----.2i• .-,:,-ill' &COMFORTING ___ . --, , , ---_, ~# . A •," •-----/ 4 , AFTER 1 / -,,,SHAVING.. 01 _ 1 killeliellVr.-.;%.:.1 _ _II i - ~, The soothing effect of a little , . I. ' Zam-Buk rubbed freely over I i , the skin after shaving is most 1 ~. pleasant and beneficial. . Zam-Buk gives the face a re- freshing glow if the rich balm is I . left to soak into the minute cuts and pores for a few minutes. Zam-Buk is germicidal besides / being healing and soothing; and, ' therefore, the risks of blo 3d- poisoning and soreness are / quickly removed. / •, . ---,-, .., :3 -•.-.. --. ~-, --- - -:.- --1.-- - --"-; --

===== 0002601_19090703_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
BRITISH AGRICULTURE AND FREE TRADE.

Probably nine grown persons out of every ten in the United Kingdom arc well aware that the central and all-dominating Fiscal and political issue in the country remains what it was in the 1906 General Election, and must so remain until, at least, the ..next General Election. That issue lies mainly between the agricultural interests on the one band and the manufacturing interests on the other. The chief question is: Cdn,the mass of British wcrking people be induced, by the promised advantages of the Tariff Reform policy as a whole, .to submit to taxation of food on the scale proposed by the Tariff Reformers ? Let us first examine very briefly what would be the burden of.the food taxes on the averag . working man, and next Consider what the Tariff - Reformers argue and promise by way of compensation for the burden.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOD TAXATION CONSIDERED AS AN

INCOME TAX. • Compare the incidence of the proposed food taxation on the average working-class- family with the present incidence of the Imperial Income Tax on a family of the lower middle class.

- The food taxation now generally advocated by Tariff Reformers .is 5 per cent all round. Now it has been found on painstaking investigation by competent authorities that the average family with an income of 30s. a week down to 20s. or under has to expend two- thirds of its income on food. A simple arithmetical calculation shows that a tax of 5 per cent, on the food is equal to a tax of 3 1-3 percent. on.the total income. Take, on the other hand, a family of the lower middle class with au income of £2OO per annum. The Imperial Income Tax on such an income was (until last year, when a difference was madc. between earned .and unearned incomes) Is. in the £, or 5 per cent. But of course, the tax is only charged upon one-fifth of the total £2OO income—the other four-fifths being exempted. , Thus the charge on the total income is only-at the-rate of one-fifth of Is. in the X. being 1 per cent.

We see, then, that the food taxation on the total income of the working-class family would be 3 1-3 per cent., as compared with the Income Tax of only 1 per cent. on the total income of the lower middle-class family. That is; the burden on the smaller income would be 3 1-3 glees the burden on the larger income. It is true that therfood taxation would fall also on the middle-class income. But A family with an income of .i.:200 per annum does not need to spend nearly so large a proportion of its income upon food as.the family with .an income of 20s. to 3f_ts. per Ireek. gothing, WouSe.rent, and other items are, in the great majority of cases, a much larger proportion of the total expenditure of the lower middle-class than of the .working class ; aml food taxation does nUt touch on these other items.

Plainly, therefore, the food taxes must fall much more heavily on the working class than does Is: in the Income Tax 'on the middle class. Yet, as everyone knows, notonly the lower middle class, but the upper middle class also, constantly complain of time Is. in the .t income Tax, as cruelly oppressive. Moreover, it is obvious enough that the smaller the working-class income happens to -be--the further it falls below 30s. a week or 20s. a week--the more heavily the burden of the food taxation must press. There eau be no " exemptions " from the food taxes as there are from the Income Tax. The food will be alike proportionately dearer to the • woman factory worker with lOs. or Is. per week, and to the Old-Age Pensioner with is. per week.

WHAT DO TARIFF REFORMERS RESPOND ?

- To dim points the answers of Tariff Reformers are inconsistently various, according to the kind of audience which has; to be persuaded. When they are addressing agricultural audiences, they dwell on the advantage to be gained from the partial exclusion, of competing foreign agricultural produce. But, on the other hand : .1, The town-worker. is assured that •so small a tax as 5 per cent upon 'foodstuffs imported into this country , will not perceptibly raise average prices, because the foreign producers of the food will lower their average prices in order to Maintain their sales to us. Also, the " Colonial preference " given by us to agricultural produce imported from Canada, India, and Australia will so far stimulate producers in these countries that after a season or two they will be able to sell to us even more cheaply than they sell at present. 2. The town-workers are also promised that, for such small rise in food prices as may occur, they will be Compensated by the reduction of taxation in other directions.

3. More important still, the town-workers are told that, by reason of the Tariff exclusion of quantities of the foreign manufactures now imported into this country, they—the town-workers—will get higher wages and regular work, worth much more than ally probable rise in food prices.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FREE TRADE RETORT

If these remarkable predictions of Tariff Reformers be true, then it is clear that the agriculturists of the United Kingdom are being woefully befooled and defrauded. They certainly expect the 5 per "cent. duties on imported food to raise by the same amount the prices realised by home-grown produce. They have no other reason in the world for supporting the Tariff Reform policy. On the contrary, they have very strong reason for vehemently opposing it, because :

1. A Tariff Reform proposal is to impose tariff duties of 10 per cent. or 15 per cent. on agricultural machinery imported from abroad into this country. These imports increased from £360,000 worth in 1961 to A:770,000 in 1907. Al 5 per cent. duty on the latter amount would be a direct tax of 3:115,000 per annum on British agricultural industry. Obviously, also, the farmers would suffer more or less, along with the remainder of the community, by the Tariff-duties upon imported textile and other foreign manufactures. 2. British agriculturists themselves must pay a :considerable share of any taxes put upon foodstuffs imported from abroad. '1 his truth was demonstrated by experience of the is. per qr. duty on corn imported in 1902-3. When a. deputation waited upon Mr. Balfour in 1903" (May 15th) to urge that the duty Should be- retained, he pointed out that the total revenue raised by the tax in the year was about 500,000 ; and that, out of this, the portion which fell upon British agriculturists in regard to the imported feeding stuffs for -their live stock was tsS2,ooo—or nearly one-fourth of the total. Probably the -Tariff Reform proposals as they stand will tike at least :C1,000,000 per annum directly out of the pockets of British agriculturists. Can We suppose the latter are so unintelligent or so lacking in political influence that they will fail to exact -full compensation for their loss ? If they find that the commencing food taxes do not repay them, will they not insist strenuously upon a higher scale of duties than the 5 per cent. at present proposed?

===== 0002601_19090703_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ALTERNATIVES.

If the mass of working-class voters in the kingdom declare by a majority against food taxation, as they (lid in 1906, then, of course, the farmers will not ,get their 5 per cent, protection; and unless- they get it they have power enough—landowners and farmers together—to block the whole Tariff Reform policy. But if the majority of working-class voters could be persu4ded to face the 5 per cent. food tax, in the hope of getting the fuller employment and higher wages promised, then the, Tai if Reform. policy would be tried. In that event the working-class voters would have only themselves to thank when they fotuid, as other countries have found, that. tariffs begin small and grow. rapidly large; and that the cost of living, therefore, increases constantly faster than any possible ilium° in, their melee of wages.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
C• NADA

BRITAIN'S NEAREST OVERSEAS DOMINION. IN THE EMPIRE. UNDER THE FLAG. BRITAIN'S BREADBASKET. 160 ACRES COVERNMENT LAK free for farming. IMPROVED FARMS on Easy Terms' ikgo TWO YEARS' RENT of an English Farm will 1111„rcneal outright partly improved farm of equal are" prosperous settlements. HAPPY HOMES & CONTENTMENI; - CATTLE-RAISING socces4ul. vE5lB' INDEPENDENCE early in life, BOUNTIFUL HEALTHY - HEALTHY CLIMATE. LICHT TAXES COOD MARKETS for all produce. Profitable DAIRYING. Unexcelled FRU' I's For free maps, pamphlets and full particulareo; apply to Mr. A. F. JURY, Canadian Govelovio Agent, Old Castle Buildings' Preeson's . tot Liverpool ; or to Mr. J. OBED SMITH losis 1% ad Superintendent of Canadian Emigration, a Charing Cross, London, S.W.

t

I It. ihte,

atEIX3 ~.,(fau mr.-0,--0-. ,(7.1?0.,

___

relieve üble 'vrs the 6ul ,S.

. . ammEsmummoszmwm BRITAIN'S WORKERS itk_ ....4.4.,,N II NI

Ashton-in-Makerfield. ,wtoA I,tif IXSPECTOR'S PROMOTION.—After eight and ~,bl4ears' valuable service in this District, Inspector °f the Wigan County Constabulary, has been lokarBt, to the rank of superintendent and to take hriterh, t_he Church division. klr. Palmer was 1;11 urmskirk and Skelmersdale, where be took `Bast, "4E3 relief of the sufferers of the Tawd Vale

Risley. tk,„4,tv 1-11ESBYTERIAN CHURCH.—The annual thc,4 Ltook place on Saturday last in connection oir ati-44.130ve place of worship, when members of the ib,1411, visitea Llandudno, leaving Kenyon at vi'ftest -'ne weather was fine. Numerous places of tho were visited and a climb up Great Onue's Head °14"118 a,,r"gblY enjoyed. All were satisfied with the —(1 reached home soon after 10 o'clock.

Winwick. nrir.--The annual picnic in connection 15°,, PlY'le".*ck Free Church afternoon Bible Class r km - Saturday when a party of 20 journeyed to a ort. ; ortllnati;lv the weather was propitious, 1 trattloel„lntful time was spent in sampliag the various aPaic,,-8 ot the famous resort. Refreshments were °f at Messrs. Rowntree's Café, Lord-street. fr--Artl,'as left at 9 p.m., and the party were con- 11'3' ill Warrin.ton to Winwick in Messrs* Maginn's

Cadishead. ON:6IP tahOr'l 'MlNT°Nts.—The annual choir sermons were zA"ta:t the -Wesleyan Church on Sunday, large in,, °llB attending.The pulpit was occupied 4e ci l• d" evening by Mr. W. Butcher, of U rmston la_th,.lepurses were listened to with great interest. 4)70 11 ,Afiternoon a meeting was held in the chapel llgs Butcher delivered an address and Mr. A. 41-8-e Presided. Special hymns' anthems and eleeti' were creditably sung by the choir. ill!) 'IA. °lle during the day were on behalf ot the choir

ut‘in, Croft. 4,1%-prenTicH ons were preached in the ace worship on Sunday last, by tho Rev. 4115t;111tiratt, IV°A f Warrington Parish Church In the Z001141)741 iii tie ° afternoon the Rev. A.F.White,M.A., di heat are. The evening service was conducted by itt,ours-c°,,r, the Rev. I. Wade son, who gave an excellent li,"4Rl',"ciii the words "What shall it profit a m whole world and lose his own soul.". The Iglll '8 '' Praised by Thy name" in the "Great morning, be the ,tkOtvellou " • the afternoon, and Bless ,I",,tie4iltiLthe sevening, Miss Henshaw.- as soloist were the choir. Mr. T. Hardie presided at the 4zir th,'ll,o collections amounted to £l4 odd and were - °eneflt of the choir and Sunday school. Whitley. . 1V Licl Hsi —During the severe thnnder- tbe l'Qa-iehPeeeL_ed TllG over the dist iCt on Monday, a lad 4 Littler in the employment of Mrs. ' Illightl' -14ntlev Farm was struck by the lightning and bl'A Y it/jurea• . I;2lt_lifl.:l,l,l,Clitlnex.—Special services on behalf of the yi,a; _ ere held on Sunday. The preacher wasl,llltt d 4," ,xfle Rev. J. C. Trampleasure,. The choir , it°4laued.'"emselves well in the anthem, Behold how 04i 1°V1.111" at the morning service, whilst in. the 41R tnuß athe -qagnificat and Nunc Diinittis were feelingly t't.l4 - "ttille by Simper in C. The soloists were -d \A. M - - it • G Moore (contralto), ir „, core (soprano), Miss G. - ' ' . lionand (bass). S't Culcheth. tha t Iti , . ARGE AGAINST YOUNG IRISHMAN.—A )24%,r4ed , farm labourer named Bernard Potter was Vey i M t. Leigh on onday last, with demanding ti-1-I.°tlrtn".3' menaces and stealing 50. from Charles ILN'''hqii'n' a potato dealer residing in Cross_ lane, ttr,llikh[sProsecutor's story was to the effecttha,te on VII '"',qf Monday, June 14th, he was driving home ea lii,"qs, -c'es along School-lane Culcheth, which w d -44.11 4bcl ul. - u 's met by prisoner an, t,t N. 01 uit road. ...e wa ttr,lolph an, Who stopped the cart and .ordered him to Vikelit"' Potter then demanded a shilling, and _when 4,!tblli.t°r refused to give it, threw hinithdeocwarni N ka,le°4 gaVe him 5-0., and Potter gc,t t I:l443itheteclic'esticutz‘cdrLievreteine the directioninofoNew Hall eventually got assistance ttNit e illen decamped. Potter was subsequently hut li‘ the other man got away. The charge was oae of assault, and as '"kojeetl toPotter- kr' bett,4lveek and the costs were heavy, the Bench * and costs, or in default committed him ntonth's imprisonment.

Daresbury. AT THE RING 0' BELLS.—At the Cheshire illiiiN tieAs-ous on Monday, Jo,lumndSinnegecdha(2r9l)zelabo tAlitilll/,!.Llictintseeseinoalficittsiliwng Williamu ei.' o'Bells, Dareesehiflor3l.l,tohne I:Z43e-ti.)tti'l•-"Mr. Harrison, in detailing h N,skiteraer!, said prisoner was one o' Bells on irlay In the tap-room of the Ring. jifea"number of It illii, Aptil 25th. Just before closing time Mrs. to turn the men out. Some odf this men th2,lip, '° have some beer in bottles, antually got 14;7111 0 lefoSed to give them. He even)._ the trqi 4114 hY the side door, but one ( Imen ~4.4 t: Cleo'. other men burst. ?pe'n with his foot. The licensee.e tv, Noe, Lose it, but the o th„r th, ,• Prisoner ran inside and struck Mr. Phillips one for you, titl',lit.,nitl with a stick saying, " That is bltietiilthd *Ch° wound was a very severe and dangerous lips 4titi `t%lt—r• Phillips Was confined to bed asn arrested 411-tine„-rekattnent for nine days. Prisoner 78a of 4 Isl.` kid tuarged he said he was under the influence..ence 1\ -s (I'd i • it lheevin ,4 0, 1 IlOt Know anything about • i el,ention Was that he was sober at the thus.— \''l ll)h ,:,' gave evidence as to the injury.H.m. Thee.saidMr. Itilliti 04'1°,8 Prostrate when be first saw b 1 hq b‘lne w°3 scalp was a deep one and penetrated to t% h had 1;n Mr. Phillips was now restored.—Prisoner, ' baolatt7e° in prisoti Since April 20th, was sentenced Imprisonnie.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
Stretton

FARM LABOURER'S THEFTS. —At the Cheshire Quarter Sessions on Monday,'John O'Neil, 55, labourer, pleaded guilty to breaking into a labourer's shanty at Porch House Farm, Acton Grange, on June 9th. and stealing a pair of boots, thd property of Thomas Giblin ; also to breaking into a shanty at Birley Hayes Farm, Appleton, on June 11th, and sleating a vest, a silk handkerchief and a razor, the property of James Murray; and also to breaking into a shanty at. Moston Hall Farm Stretton. on June 12tb, and stealing an overcoat and a vest, the property of Edward Cosgrove.—Mr. R. Harrison, who prosecuted, said the prisoner pawned most of the articles in Warrington, stating that ho bad fiought them at Altrincham.—Prisoner was sent to gaol for nine months with bard labour. LONDON BRIDGE POTATO EXCHANGE.—The annual me eting of persons interested in the above took place on Monday evening in tbe Schoolroom, Stretton,,there being a fair attendance of farmers. The chair was taken by Mr. Richard Billington, of Stretton. who read letters of apology for non-attendance from Mr. J. C. Parr, Mr. George Egerton Warburton. and the Hon.' and Rev. C. F. Cross. The 'Chairman alluded to the excellent work the committee had done during the past year. The field during the last potato season, was not large enough to hold the cart loads of potatoes that were sent, and he thought the accommodation should be extended. The children were a great annoyance to them as they would creep under the carts to pick the •potatoes. He often wondered how they escaped being hurt. —Thanks were accorded to Mr. Piers E. Warburton, of Arley, and Mr. J. Yarwood for the use of the field; Mr. J. Whitlow for his kindness in opening the road for traffic; to the potato exchange, and to the committee for the services they had tendered during the past year. —The following were re-elected the committee : Messrs. Richard Billingon, John Burgess, William Fowles, J. H. Jones, Joseph Moore, and E. Tickle.—On the proposition of Mr. J. Derbyshire, seconded by Mr. R. Tickle, a hearty vote of thanks was given to Mr. Billineton for the able manner in which he had presided over the meeting.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
Padgate.

PADGATE WALKING D:71.-Y.—The very mention- of Walking Day makes our hearts throb with pleasure and brings back to our minds the thoughts of many similar days when we were young. This event is looked forward to as a red letter day by the children for months beforehand and it was gratifying to all on Saturday morning last to find that the weather which bad been so unsettled for days had to a certain extent cleared up. With a blue sky above and the sun shining brightly there was every appearance of a beautiful day. That this was very mach appreciated by the children was evidenced by their merry faces and joyous laughter when they assembled together in front of *the Wesleyan Chapel. The procession consisted of the two religious bodies in the district viz., the Wesleyan and Church of England Sunday schools, and it is customary for each body to head the procession every alternate year and this year the honor fell to the Padgate Wesleyan. Punctually at 2.15 pm. the procession headed by the Industrial School Band started from the Wesleyart Chapel and proceeded along Padgate-lane as far as the Padgate Boundary returning by the same route along Padgate-lane as far as Fearnhead Cross and then back to the church. Here the procession halted for a few minutes whilst tbe band played the National Anthem each section going to their respective schools for tea the members of the band being entertained by the leaders in the procession. Several of the children appeared in costumes representing different characters which added unusual interest to the procession and caused much amusement to the onlookers. Beautifully decorated lorries bad been lent by the farmers of the district in which were seated the younger portion of the scholars, and many of the inbahittints bf the village had hung out flags and bunting. in honour of the occasion. After tea the scholars proceeded to their respective fields where sports, games, &c.,were indulged in until dusk. The day throughout was fine although dark clouds hung overhead during the earlier part of the afternoon but cleared awayolater. A very enjoy- able and interesting day was spent and thoroughly enjoyed by all who took part in it.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
Stockton Heath.

PRESENTATION TO COUNCILLOR W. B. ROBERTS.— Councillor W. B. Roberts entertained a large gathering of Messrs. Greensll, Whitley, and Co., at the Mulberry Tree Inn, Stockton Heath on Saturday evening. Mr. John Hobin, she oldest employs, presented Councillor Roberts, on behalf of the men, with a handsome silver rose bowl, supplied by Messrs. Enstance and Co„ of Sankey-street, and an illuminated address, prepared by Mr. S. Welsby, of Stockton Heath. The address reads as follows W. B. Roberts, Esq. We, the employs of Messrs. Greeaall, Whitley and Co., Ltd., who have been under your immediate • supervision for the period of 23 years, during which you have been engaged as head . brewer, and from which position you are about to retire, take this opportunity to congratulate you on your attainment to a position which enable you to pass the rest of your life in retirement. We also desire to express lour sincere and heartfelt appreciation of the many kind acts, as well as the unfailing courtesy, which have always characterized your treatment of every workman under your charge. We wish you and yours health, happiness and long life in your retirement, and trust. that this token of our esteem and the small rose bowl accompanying it may serve to keep a sweet place in your memory for all your old employees. June, 1909." —Councillor Roberts suitably acknowledged the gift, and expressed the hope that the men would be as loyal to his successor as they bad been to him. Lie was much obliged to them for their kind gifts, which he very much appreciated.—A capital musical programme was submitted, the pianoforte accompaniments being played by Mr. Amos.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
PAROCHIAL COMMITTEE.

The monthly meeting of the above committee was held on Tuesday evening when Mr. George Piling presided and others present were Messrs. J. W. Bouchier, F. Warburton, J. Hallows, G. J. Brown, -William Mclntyre, J. McDermid, J. Whitley, F. Fearson. G. F. Acton, (clerk) and J. Swinton (surveyor). The Clerk read a letter from Mr. M. Johnson, 24, Grappenhall-road, which stated that there was a great nuisance arising from the black smoke which came from the chimney of ther Stockton Heath Forge. He was sure the people would be very grateful if some- thing could be done. Mr. Hallows: If anything can be done in that direc- tion I should be glad; but the first step would be to stop the steamers on the canal. Jhe lorge meant bread and butter to many. Continuing Mr, frallows said that supposing they shut up the Forge everybody who was employed there would have an empty cupboard, The Chairman said that the Company were spending money in trying to avoid so much smoke, and were going to spend more. Mr. Hallows: What about the Ship Canal? They are a great nuisance. The Chairman : It is a very great nuisance, but we have no Case against them. Mr. Brown said that the smoke had a great deal to do ,with Warrington. Mr. Bouchier said that the small canal was worse than the Ship Canal.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
PARISH COUNCIL.

Immediately after the Parochical Committee, the quarterly Parish Council meeting was held. Mr. F. Pearson presided and there were present Messrs. J. Whitley, J. McDermid, G. J. Brown, J. Hallows, F. Warburton and E. Bradshaw (clerk).

===== 0002601_19090703_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
SWING BRIDGE.

Arising out of the minutes Mr. Hallows asked whether any reply bad been received to their letter to the Manchester Ship Canal in respect to the state of the swing bridge in wet weather. The Clerk replied that a letter had been received, hut it was practically a mere acknowledgment of their letter. It further stated that the matter would have their attention.•

Mr. Hallows : I move that an urgent letter be written for it is simply disgraceful for anyone to go over that bridge in wet wenther.People have to walk in the tramway lines instead of on the footpath. Mr. Whitley said that it would be improved if they would raise the boards an inch at one end.

The Clerk said tint if they would instruct him to peg away at the Canal Company until they -did something, • he would do so.

Air. Hallows asked if it would not strengthen their hands if they got the County Council to dea! with the matter. A resolution for the County Council would have a better effect than it would if one were sent from that Council.

It was agreed that the clerk write to the Ship Canal Company urgently requesting them to take to remedy the matter.

VOTERS' LIST.

In replying to Mr. McDermid, the clerk said he always had the voters' lists put in a prominent place at the church and at the chapels. The one at the church remained until be put the one up the next year ; but those at the chapels were removed, a few days after they were put up.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
DUST LAYING.

The Clerk read a letter from the Cheshire Connty Council offering no treat the main road at Stockton Heath with calsium Chloride providing they contribute 1-3rd of the cost. _ _ _ _ - -

_ Mr. Hallows : I move that it is left en the table The) talk about us paying 1-3rd. We have got to pay it all practically. This was agreed. The Clerk was instructed to write to Mr. Johnson sling that steps were being taken in the matter. LIGHTING COMMITTEE.

Mr. Whitfield said that the Committee required SO plates for the lamps, but to allow a margin asked for 100. They also desired earlier lighting in the parish. Mr. Mclntyre seconded and the minutes of the Committee were passed.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
FIRE AND APPLIANCE COMMITTEE.

_ Mr. Warburton said that the fire brigade bad a practice on May 29th. The hydrants in the pnrish were fairly good, but some of them required attention.

THE STORM

Mr. Swinton reported that owing to the storms the previous night the sewers proved too small to carry away the water; with the result that Ellesmere-road and the neighbourhood were flooded. Mr. Brown said that the water was a foot high in places. It was decided trit take steps to remedy the matter as soon as possible. .

===== 0002601_19090703_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
Lymm.

CHOIR TRIP.,--The annual trip in connection with tbe Warburton Parish Church choir took place yester- day week. when Rbyl was visited. MOTHERS' MEETING.—The Newfield membariof be Mothers' Meeting (conducted by Mrs. Nettilind the Misses Hatton) and the members of the Rectory class (conducted by Mrs. Watkin and Mrs. Callender) were entertained at a garden party by. Mrs. Watkin at Dane Bank on Thursday last and spent a very pleasant afternoon. PARISH CIIIIRCH.—The services at this Church on Sunday were on behalf of the Chester Diocesan Institutions. Two sermons were preached, in the morning by the Rev. W. Brscecarup, vicar of St. Paul's, Warrington, and in the evening by the 'Rev. G. W. Dickinson, vicar of Padgate. The evening service should have been held in the field adjoining the church, but, owing 10 threatening weather, it was held in thc Church as usual.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
Hatton.

ACCIDENT TO A CYCLIST.—On Thursday evenine, a young man named Frank Priestley, of 15, Walterloo- road, Runcorn, was cycling through Hatton and in negotiating a very sharp turn by the Primitive Metho- dist Chapel, t.he scene of many accidents, he collided violently with a greengrocer's cart belonging to Mr. T. Lightfoot of Lower Walton. He lay unconscious for a considerable time and was conveyed to a house in the vicinity. Dr. Bowers was called in and stated that he was Suffering froth fracture of the left shoulder and severe bruises on the head, besides a great shock to the nervous system. The bicycle was rendered piactically useless. After some discussion it was decided to take the young man to some relatives who lived at Preston Brook, for the night, Dr. Carruthers of Halton, giving an outline of his injuries. It is considered high time that sem-thing was done to alter, this corner of the road, as it is almost impossible to, see anyone coming in the opposite direction.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
Penketh.

SCHOLASTIC SHCcESS.--To a recent examination by the Education Committee, Joseph H. Irvine, aged 13, who attended the Widnes Secondary school, was suc- cessful in obtaining a junior exhibition providing free or assisted tuition and travelling expenses or mainten- ance allowance (if necessary) tenable for a term not exceeding four years. MERIT BADGE AWARDED TO A PENKETH POLICE- MAN.—The merit badge has been awarded to Police- Constable Houghton, of Penketh, by the Chief Constable of Lancashire. The other morning, between one and two o'clock, the officer discovered a man named Warburton, of Ship-yard, Warrington. in Hill-lane, Penketh, carrying a bag. On seeing the officer, who at once gave chase, the man dropped the bag and ran half- a-mile across country before he was captured. The fugitive, who was armed with a heavy piece of wood , threatened to "do for" the constable if he approached him. A struggle took place when the constable got at close quarters' but the officer succeeded in handcuffing the man. fie was tried by the magistrates and sentenced to three months' imprisonment.

' TANNERY TRIP.—The Penketh Tannery trip took place on Saturday; when 335 employees and friends turned out early to take in the freshness of the morning and to embark for Southport by the 7.10 min from Fiddlers' Ferry Station, arriving at Southport at 9.45 Here they at once began to enjoy the many pleasures Southport furnishes. At 12.30 they all turned up to Fletcher's Cafe, Lord-street, to enjoy a good lour course dinner. Dinner over, the party continued to enjoy themselves in various ways until 7 o'clock, when they left sunny Southport behind for the return home, which was reached at 9.10. All were very grateful to Mr. W. B. Moston, the Tannery IF ecrotary and cashier, for the way in which he had managed, made and carried out the arrtingements for the trip.

A RED LETTER DAY FOR DRUIDISM AT PENKETII.— The Penketh United Order of Druids lodge of the Warrington Equalized district, held their half-yearly meeting on Friday of last week. The proceedings will long be remembered in the annals of their lodge. After the usual lodge business bad been attended to the following lodge officers were elected for the ensuing six months: V. 0.13. Bro. A. Hampson ; V.G.A. Bro. E. Glover; treasurer, Bro. H. J. Mainley ; secretary, Bro. W. Woods '; money steward, Bro. Worsley ; minute clerk, Bro. Lightfoot. After this Bro. D. Houghton', P.G.M. on behalf of the lodge members made a presentation of an illuminated emblem of the order to Bros. S. Moss for his gervices to the lodge during the last two years. An open I meeting was afterwaads held for the purpose' of initiat- ing the Rev. J. R. Jones, M.A., Mr. J. B. Aitkin, and Mr. James Dodds hon. members of the lodge. The meeting was presided over by Bro. G. Shaw, D.G.M., and Bro. A. T. Clay: D.D.G.M. Other district officers present were Bro. Edward Allen, D.C.S., Bro. Robert Perdue. D.T., Bro. Wood, P.D.G.M., Bro. J. Ray, P.D.G.M. A goodnumber of members were present to take part in the initiation ceremony which was per- formed by Bro. G. Straw, D.G.M., and Bro. W. Woods, lodge secretary. Bro. Dr. Murray, J.P., W. Davies and E. Foster welcomed the gentlemen on behalf of the hon. members. .Bro. E. Mien gave them a welcome on behalf of the district and Bro. Houghton for the lodge. members. The Rev. J. R. Jones, in thanking the meet- ing for the welcome extended, gave a most edifying address and said he was proud that he bad been initiated a Druid. Mr. Aikin and Mr. Dodds also spoke and said +how pleased they were to be members of so worthy an order The meeting was then bffiught to a close.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
A TRAM SMASH IN THE FOG

Warrington Tradesman Gets Damages.

On Tuesday at the Leigh County Court before his Honour Deputy-Judge Maxwell, Dennis Dolan, of 2, Antrobus-street, Warrington, wholesale _potato sales- man, sued the South Lancashire Tramways Company for damages for personal injuries and for injuries to horse, cart and harness. Mr. Arthur Browne, Warrington, appeared for plaintiff and said that Dolan on the 22nd January last had been round Croft and purchased a cart load of potatoes and then went round Golhorne Smithy and Lane Ends and on to Ashton-in-Alakerfleld and there disposed of the whole of his potatoes to several customers. He started for home in his empty cart from Ashton-in-Makerfleld about half-past six and it was a foggy night. He proceeded on his way, being stood up in his cart driving along the Warrington road, until he got within 30 yards of the Ashton-in-Makerfleld rail way station bridge, and was driving on his proper side when suddenly a great light flashed between his legs and on turning round hesaw a tramcar a yard or two away. Dolan shouted but in an instant the tramcar banged into his cart and pushed it three or four yards and then threw him bodily out on the footpath where be alighted with his breast on the curbstone. The horse was also thrown down. Mr. Dolan was dazed for some time and when be got up be' found that the horse had been injured and the cart damaged both back and front. He asked the driver (who never got off tbe car) for his number and name and address, hut the driver kept saying "Get out of the way." With the assistance of a man who was present but whose name and address the plaintiff had forgotten and had not yet discovered although he had advertized for him in two papers, he was then removed down the passage to the .racecourse. The harness was tied up and repaired and subsequently two pel ice-constables came on the scene to wi•om the plaintiff complained of being hurt but they did not think him sufficiently injured to see a doctor and advised him to proceed home. He walked with his horse and cart the seven miles home and proceeded straight to bed and did not get up until Monday morning the 25th January, when he went to his doctor who having examined him found that his breast bone was fractured and his knee badly injured and he ordered him at once into the infirmary where he was between life and death for a fortnight and remained there for a month. He had not yet recovered and was still in the doctor's hands. He had therefore lost his business and claimed substantial damages at his Honour's hands. The plaintiff bore out this statement and in cross- examination by Mr. Greaves Lord (instructed by Mr. Percy Marsh, Solicitor, of Liverpool) denied that his horse backed into the tram, and also denied that he had had anything more than one glass of beer at noon at Croft, and another at Ashton-in-Makerfleld when he had some sandwiches that he had taken Pith him. Five boys were called who corroborated the Plaintiff in a very clear manner. Counsel for the defence called the driver of the car who swore that he was only going two miles an hour and that he saw the cart in front of him about eight yards ahead. He followed it a distance of five or six yards and could see the plaintiff asleep lying at the bottom of the cart covered ' with sacks and with his bead looking towards him. Plaintiff suddenly woke up and pulled the horse and cart to one.side and backed into his tram. Witness only slightly bumped the cart and said a slight dinge was made on the car. Cross-examined by Mr. Browne he admitted that he was ten minutes late but he persisted that the plaintiff was never thrown out of the cart although the five boys bad sworn that he had been thrown out of the' cart and was on his hands and knees on the footpath and further that the horse's knees were badly bleeding. L'he Tram Conductor and other witnesses were called who contradicted one another, and his Honour without calling upon Mr. Browne gave a verdict for plaintiff £4O damages and costs and gave a certificate to Mr. Stanley Wright (of Messrs. Wright Garnett and Wright), for the plans.

" There are some piles (for mooring) in the River Thames which were driven in during the reign of Charles 1.," said counsel in a navigation case at the city of London Court on Wedesday, "and they are still good."

===== 0002601_19090703_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

SEPTUAGENARIAN SENT TO HARD LABOUR.

At Runcorn Petty SessiunF, on Manday, three men were charged with begging on Saturday. Two were each eenteticed to a month's hard labour ; and the third an old man of seventy•one years, was sentenced to twenty-one days' hard labour.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
LIBERAL MEETING AT WIDNES.

Mr. J.W. S. Cailia, secretary of the Financial Reform Association, was the principal speaker at an open•air meeting held on West Bank Vromenade on Tuesday night. Councillor Davis Lewis presiding. Mr. Caine said that Free Trade and Tariff Reform were the most important questions before the country. Free trade meant letting things come in freely, and allowing goods to COMP into this country simply because we wanted them. Great Britain was the only country in the world that had adopted Free Trade, and she had prospered considerably by so doing, for it had been the means of bringing this great Empire together. They had the biggest trade of any nation on the earth. More goods are sent out and more goods are brought in. Free Trade had been chosen because of the success that had been achieved.—Councillor Lewis said he was quite pleased with the Government's policy, because he firmly believed that they were trying to carry out reforms on the lines of social progress. They meant business, and it was to them alone to look for any reforms that would benefit the masses of people in this country. WIDNES SCHOLARS' SUCCESS.

In the recent examination held by the Lancashire County Education Committee, the following Widnes scholars (all 12 years of age) were awarded Junior ' exhibitions (restricted tO children from Public elemen- tary schools) providing free or assisted tuition rind travelling expenses, or maintenance allowance (if necessary) to enable for a term not exceeding four years :-1, Mary Barker, Widnes Warrington-road Council ; 2 Margaret Beecroft, Widnes Waterloo-road, C.E. ; 3, William A. Blackhall, Widnes Simms Cross Council ; 4, Arthur Anderson, Widnes Simms Cross Conncil ; 5, Robert Roberts, Widnes Warrington-road Council ; 8, Jessie Halewood, Widnes West Bank Council ; 7, Helena A. Lockett, Widnes West Bank Council ; 8, Frederick Clarkeon, Widnes Simms Cross Council. In an examination by the same committee for exhibitions, providing free or assisted tuition and travelling expenses or maintenance allowance (if necessary), tenable for a term not exceeding four years, the following Widnes scholars were successful :—John Randle, age 13, Widnes Secondary ; and William Bate, are 13, Widnes Secondary. Charles E. Barton, age 15, Widnes Secondary School gained a senior exhibition of the value of £2O, tenable for a term not exceeding two years.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

SUCCESSFUL SCHOLARS,

In the recent examination held by the Lancashire County Education Committee, the following Earlestown and district scholars were awarded junior exhibitions (restricted to children from public elementary schools), providing free or assisted tuition and travelling expenses, or maintenance allowance (if necessgry), tenable for a term not exceeding four years :-1, Alice Harris, Earles- town District; 2, James Appleton, Earlestown District; 3, Amy Simm, Earlestown Manor C.E. ; 4, William Austin, Earlestown Wesleyan; 5, Florence Addison, Haydock National; 6, Mabel C. Ratcliffe, Newton-in- M akerfield St. Peter's Central; 7, Annie Wilkinson, Newton-in-Makerfield St. Peter's Central; 8, Frank Edgar, Earlestown Wesleyan; 9, Walter R. Wright, Earlestown District. All the scholars were twelve years of age.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON TORIES AND THE BUDGET.

Lord Wollner, the Conservative candidate for the -Newton Parliamentary.Divisicn, who is conducting a tour of the whole of the townships in the division, on Monday night addressed a meeting at St. Mark's school, Haydock. Mr. C. R. Pilkington presided.—Lord .Wolmer spoke on the question of the Army and Navy, and said that the country was certain to condemn the Government, which, after being three years in power, was raising taxation .by £13,000,000, and yet was not able to provide the country with an adequate Army and Navy. Lord Charles Beresford had told them that the Navy was not adequate for their needs, and Lord Roberts had told them that tiley were not prepared for war with the Army, and he fert that they could not only condemn the Budget for its n fairness, but also for the fact that it did not meet fillktional needs. On the other side, they, the Tory party,were prepared with a perfectly clear and definite policy, which would shift the burden from their shoulders. They would, tax the foreigner. The Budget marked the final and complete bankruptcy of Free Trade.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

ST. HELENS PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.

Special re-opening services were held on Sunday at the St. Helens Presbyterian Church, which has recently been in the hands of the decorators. The interior of the church has been redecorated and renewed, and several improvements made, notably the introduction of electric lighting. The organ, which was built in 1887, has also been overhauled and a new tremulant stop added. The work of decoration has also extended to the adjoining schools, and has cost over £5OO, which was raised by means of a bazaar last autumn. The Rev. James Pringle, 8.A., minister, preached at the morning service, And in the evening the Rev. A. Connell, M.A., 8.D., of Sefton Park, Liverpool, preached to a crowded Congregation. MR. GLOVER, M.P., AT ST. HELENS.

Mr. T. Glover, M.P., addressed a large open-air meeting at Parr, St. Helens, on Monday night. Coun- cillor B. Fletcher presided. Mr. Glover spoke on the benefits of the Eight Hours Act, and, continuing, said that the Government of the day bad at last tackled the question-of land taxation, He claimed that it was entirely due to the advent of the Labour Party to Parliament that the Government bad done this. The Tories taunted the Governlnent tat they were at the beck and call of the Socialist party, as they were pleased to call the Labour party in the house. He did not care what they called the party if the Government only passed the leas s they advocated. The Government had brought in a Budget on lines which no other Government had ever attempted. Both the Liberal and the Labour parties were pledged to economy, but they had to find money for old-age pensions and also for Dreadnoughts. The Government was being driven to spend more on the Navy, but the method they had adopted to find money did not at all please the landowners. The old-ace pensions were benefiting no fewer than 6,500,000 old people, and it was the object of the Labour patsy to extend it, and to enable all the old people of seventy to come out of the workhouses and end their days in the homes of their friends. He trusted that the Govern- ment would adhere to their land taxation proposals, for that was the right linos on which taxation should go. The poor had too long borne the greater part of the burden, and in their efforts to help the workers and to ley a fairer burden on the shoulders of the rich the Government would have the whole-hearted assistance of the Labour Party.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS SCHOOLS' FESTIVAL.

The fourth annual athletic..festival promoted by the Schools Sports Committee of the St. Helens and District Teachers' Association was held on Saturday afternoon on the St. Helens Town Football Ground. The festival has grown irtto a tremendous concern, and this year no less than 1,783 entries formed the pro- gramme. Mr. W. H. Graham (chairman), Mr. Wilson Nicholson (treasurer), Mr. J. Smallwood (secretary) and the other teachers had most carefully organised everything, and the gigantic programme was got through in excellent time. In the tug-of-war Knowsley- road and Parr-mount proved a most exciting encotinter, Sutton National just heating Cowley Council. Fred Fletcher, of Cowley Council, won the 440 yards in brilliant fashion, and he will probably on points he awarded the medal for the best athlete, as he won five prizes. Results :- 60 Yards Flat (Hoys).-1, A. Woods; 2,L. Waine. 60 Yards (Gir)s).-1, E. Preston ; 2, Mabel Nutty. 80 Yards (Boys).-1, E. Woodward; 2, W. Graves. 80 Yards (Girls).-1, E. Morris; 2' C. Fazackerley. 100 Yards (Boys).-1, W. Larkin; 2, T. Rigby. 100 Yards (Gir;s).-1, Ada Hughes; 2, K. Harrison. Long 3ump.-1, F. Fletcher; Higgins. High Jurup.-1, P. Twist • 2, J., Smith. 50 Yards Sack (Boys).-0. Burrows; 2, E. Woods. 120 Yards (Boys).-1, Tither; 2, 11. Billington. 80 Yards Sack.-1, H. Oakes; 2, P. Drumm. SO Yards Three-legged.-1, H. Halball and H. Pye ; 2, E. Jones and T. Vose. 100 Yards Three-legged.-1, C. Crooks and B. Waine ; 2, W. Henderson and R. Ellison. HO Yards Obstacle.-1, J. Deify: 2, J. Tranter. 120 Yards Obstacle.—l, J. Duffy ;2, H. Billiugton. 100 Yards (Higher Elementary).-1, S. Smith; 2, E. Glover; 3, J. McLeod. Quarter-mile.-1, F. Fletcher; 2, W. Liptrot ; 3, H. Billington. Potato Race (Girls).-1, A. Woods : 2, M. Platt. Potato Race (Girls over 12).-1, E. Anders ; 2, F. Johnson.

80 Yards Egg and Spoon.-3, A. Winstanley ; 2, J. Housley.

60 Yards (Girls).-1, E. Woods; 1, L. Whittle. 60 Yards Skipping.—l, M. Price; 2, M. Youds. 80 Yards Skipping.-1, G. Platt; 2, A. Little.

"Young men ought not tn waste their money being shaved," said Jude Emden at Lambeth, on Wednesday, "It is laziness. They ought to shave themselves. I have done to ever since I had to shave-at all."

1

1

Re" EVERYONE'S OWN PHYSICIAN• Third Edition J Out. By J. ERNST, Consulting Homceopath, M.D. (Vienna), Bic. • This unique work should be in the hands of all who suffer from eny CHRONIC Heart, Lung, Stomach. or Liver Trouble. from Chronic Rheumatism, Diabetes, from Genito-Urinary and Skin Diseases, and NERVOUS Exhaustion (Neurasthenia). It describhs the SYMPTOMS of these maladies in simple language, together with 'Medicines, Diet, dm, suited to each. Thousands of despairing Sufferers have regained HEALTH and happiness through it after having tried many Patent Pills, Powders, Tonics, Baths, kc., in vain. Order at once; 1/- (P.O. or stamps), post free, from the LONDON HOMCEOPATHIC INSTITUTE, 12 Pall, Mall, London, S.W.

;

===== 0002601_19090703_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
Sold everywhere in boxes, price 1111(56 pills) ct 219 (168 pills).

===== 0002601_19090703_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE

SCHOOLS.

A meeting of the local students of the International Correspondence Schools Limited, Kingsway, London, took place at the IVinmarleigh Cafe, on Saturday, 70 students and friends, including several ladies being present. Mr. George Hickman, Divisional Superintendent,in a few remarks stated ,that the Warrington Division was opened in October 1508. and comprised the district of Wigan and St.Helens.He was pleased to say it now num= bered.24o students, 90 of whom belonged to Warring- ton. (Applause). He eas further pleased to say, since he had the pleasure of meeting them last, they had now enrolled 50 more, and it was very gratifying to him to meet them that eight to he able to say that in looking over their percentage certificates that Warrington Division stood out' as good, if not better than any Division in the North of England. He felt sure that providing they only continued as they were doing, Warrington would turn out men capable of holding some of the best positions employers had to offer, both in this country Red any other. (Applause). He further stated that he feltsure that not only himself,but others present that night, knew that the rule of thumb was dead and that the trained man was the only man now that had any chance of obtaining anything like a salary sufficient to enable him to lead a decent life and bold his position. Further he asked them to wear their I.C.S. buttons of which they might well be proud and to make the thing known to their friends, so many of %hoar were in need of the courses of instruction taught by the schools and to keep uppermost in their minds that splendid offer made by the Head Office, viz, the free trip to London which was one to be remembered by all who were successful in winning it. urning to the ladies present, he said he was pleased to welcome them to the gathering, for there was no doubt that women intended to take a very big hand in the affairs of the future, and the I.C.S. had some very good things to offer in scholarships for any young lady —which was to his mind very much better, and more remunerative than the work in mills and factories. He thanked them very much indeed on behalf of the schools, also his representatives and ',himself, and he hoped that they would all turn up at the annual outing which lakes place on the 10th July., in the:shape of a drive to Chester, lunch and tea.—After the Com- mittee's report, a smoking concert ended in a very pleasant evening. The following ladies and gedtlemen obliged by entertaining the company as follows : Selections on the piano, -Mr. Clay ; song, Mr. Bennett; selections by concertinas and clarionet, Mr. Wilde and friends ; song, Miss Cross ; song, Mr. Price ; piano- forte solo, 141 r. Clay; impersonations of seine well- known comedians, which were very 'well done by Mr. Bennett; song, Miss Cross.

Seven persons have been poisoned at Barry through eating shellfish picked from the quay walls of the dock at that place, and one of them, a schoolgirl, Jane Tobin, twelve years of age, died.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
A CANDID UNIONIST ON THE BUDGET.

Mr. Arthur Chamberlain's Striking Approval. --- , No Injury to Business.

Mr. Arthur Chamberlain, speaking at a meeting of the Birmingham Trust on Tuesday, submitted to the cold analysis of a business man the outcry of those who complained that the Budget will endanger the corn- meiclal interests of the country. "I look to the Budget," he declared," as one reason, and indeed my strongest reason, for hoping for an improvement in trade during the coming year. The Budget removes from labour some portion of its worst burdens, and in doing that it renders labour mole effec.. tive, and labour when more effective adds to the general wealth. I expect, therefore, this Budget, which I must call the gteetest Budget of modern times, to influence for geed the condition of trade. I say wit hou t fear of rat icnal contradiction that there Is no single line in that Budget which can do anything to depress anyone of our commercial and trading interests." Certainly, be proceeded, the way in which the Finance Bill dealt with land would not injure our commercial interests, for it would assist the process of putting on the land people who would, by intense cultivation, increase its productivenes beyond what was possible when it was held in Nast quantities in a single man's hand.

All the proposals of the Budget in connection with social Worm had a tendency end an intention to increase the efficiency of labour. They increased the productiveness of capital, and it was probable that after the Budget had Leen accepted by the nation some of those who now feared the loss of their wealth by reason of the new taxation would find the difference replaced by the power of wealth to obtain a larger interest in consequence of the increased productiveness of labour which the schemes of the Government had effected. "I hope, therefore," exclaimed Mr. Chamberlain, "none of you will he affected by the outcries of a few millionaires. Free Trade finance will not make anyone poorer, though it will make many richer. Free Trade will not rob anyone of that which fairly belongs to him, thoueh it will give ,to many some proportions of that which they ought to have had long ago. Lord Rothschild, he said, complained that the Budget provided too much money' and his Lordship thought that he and his friends should there- fore be relieved of the special taxes that affected them. ‘Vby ? If the Budget provided too much money why should not something come off the taxation of the poor? Why should it not come off the enormous tax that was now put upon tobacco? But he could not imagine the money that the Government might get in taxes being More than they would know how to spend, and be would much prefer spending it to taking it off taxes. For instance, he would like to see the age for pensions reduced. (Hear, bear.) Poverty, drink, and disease were poor things for manufacturers to work upon.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
'4471

L 4 =,...,•=64k.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
WALKING DAY. GLORIOUS WEATHER AND A SUCCESSFUL FESTIVAL.

The glorious sunshine of an ideal summer day brought joy to the hearts of the children of Warring- ton yesterday, for Walking Day—the festival of the year to the rising generation—had come round once more, and all doubts as to its success were dispelled by the perfect conditions. Throughout the day the sun shone resplendently from a clear blue sky, giving a crowning brightness to the streets which were looking gay with the decorations now to be seen on every hand in preparation for the Royal Visit. The little ones revelled in the pageantry and festivity -which held sway in the old town. The lapse of years only serves to enshrine Walking Day more deeply irr their regard, and he would be a bold man indeed who would venture to suggest its relegation to the oblivion of bye-gone events. His unhappy fate may be con- jecture from the storm of indignation whieh arose when the Town Council recently tried to tamper with the date of the festival.

From an early hour yesterday the town was astir. Children in all the glory of new finery were hurrying to the schools, and strains of music—of varying quality—filled. the air, for Walking Day is the bands- men's harvest. By nine o'clock many of the school processions were on their way to the respective rendez- vous_ The usual stereotyped arrangements were departed from this year. When the King and Queen are about to honour Warrington with a visit, the plot of greensward in front of the Town Hall—of which we are rightly proud—must look at its best, and therefore it was wisely decided not to allow the lawn to be used for the marshalling of the general procession. Instead, the schools entered the grounds by the East gate, passed in continuous order in front of the hall, and left by the Test gate. The children did not deplore the innovation, for the long wait on the lawn in a broiling sun has never been highly popular with them. There was one marked improvement. Instead of having two distinct processions along separate routes, the Roman Catholic schools fell in at the rear of the Church of England and Nonconformist schools and traversed the same thoroughfares. They did not pass in front of the Town Hall, as there would have been some difficulty in steering the large banners along the drives, but joined the procession at the top of Arpley- street. The spectators welcomed the change, for they we thus enabled to witness the complete procession from one point of advantage, and much unnecessary crowding and confusion was avoided. Owing to the desire to preserve a clear road through the town for traffic from the Cheshire side, the route was consider- ably altered, Wilson Patten-street being excluded from it. The advantage of having such a wide and hand- some thoroughfare as Bridge-street was once more strikingly demonstrated, for from Friars Gate to Bridge-street there was what might be described as a double procession; the chilgren marching up one side of the street and down the other. The result was an exceedingly pretty picture, and the onlookers were loud in their praises. The Chief Constable (Mr. M. Nicholls) is to be warmly complimented upon the smoothness with which everything passed off, for he had worked out the details with the greatest care and the fact that they were loyally adhered to,by the school. authorities ensured success.

Councillor Craik and Mr. R. T. Fairclough again acted as marshals.

On the Town Hall steps and the adjoining stands a large number of prominent townspeople had assembled. They included the Mayor and Mayoress (Alderman and Mrg. Forshaw), the Deputy-Mayor (Alderman Smethurst), Mr. and Mrs. Robert Pierpoint, and many members of the Council. Promptly to time the children of that ancient institution, the Blue Coat School, who always have the place of honour, made their appearance, and for close upon an hour the various Sunday schools passed on in quick succession, with very few stoppages. The order was as follows : (1) Blue Coat School and Band. (2) Padgate Industrial School and Band. (3) Fairfield School and Band of Bth. and 40th Regimental District. (4) National School. (5) St. George's Mission and Mr. Smich's band. (6) St. Clement's Mission. (7) St. James's School and Territorial Band. (8) Holy Trinity School and Walton Band. (9) Factory Yard Mission. (16) St. Luke's School.

11) St. Paul's School and Ardwick Green Industrial Band. (12) All Saints' Mission. (13) St. Barnabas' School and Preston Brook Band. (14) St. Peter's School and Mr. Littler's Band. (15) St. Ann's School and Derbyshire Imperial Yeomanry Band.

(16) liuckley-street and Crosfield's Band. (17) Emmanuel (R.E.) School.

, . (18) Ragged School and Band. (19) Salvation Army and Band. Always imposing as a demonstration of strength, the procession has not usually been notable for originality or picturesqueness, but this year some of the schools had made special efforts in this direction, and many pretty touches of colour called forth warm appreciation. A striking feature of St. Luke's display was a large floral crown, the streamers being held by little girls dressed in white, who also carried baskets of flowers. At the head of All Saints' School walked a fairy queen attended by a band of children who had silver wands surmounted with red, white and blue ribbons. With most of the schools, little maids carrying baskets of choice flowers figured prominently. St. Peter's school, which has a high reputation for attractive pageantry, excelled itself. A youthful cyclist was costumed to represent" Boy Blue," and there were troupes of flower girls with pretty floral sashes and garlands, merry gipsies, and groups of Swiss and Japanese in picturesque dresses. Several artistically decorated mail carts added additional variety. Buckley-street school also made a brave show, A contingent of Morris dancers tripped lightly along and next came a number Of beautiful floral crowns,an arch and an anchor. It was pleasing to note that this school made an effort on behalf of one of our most deserving charities, a collection being taken en route in aid of the Children's Cot at the Infirmary. There were several juvenile cyclists with handsomely decorated machines to which were attached receptacles for coins. As usual the central object in Emmanuel school procession was an open Bible carried under a handsome canopy on which were inscribed the words "The Secret of England's Greatness." The rear of this section of the procession was brought up by the Ragged School and the Salvation Army which do such splendid work amongst the very poorest cf the population. Many of the girls who walked with the Ragged School had been provided with new pinafores. Conspicuous in the Salvation Army con- tingent was a floral device with the words "Faith, Hope and Charity."

===== 0002601_19090703_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
ROMAN CATHOLIC PAGEANT.

There was but one opinion of the Roman Catholic procession—that it excelled all previous efforts in general attractiveness. This is saying a great deal, for the members of this Church always excel in the beauty of their pageantry. That love of the ornate, which is such a striking feature of their religious system, finds full expression on this occasion, and the result is a spectacle of great brilliance. Yesterday, the spectators were frequently moved to express their admiration of what must have been the outcome of much painstaking preparation on the part of parents and teachers, by cordial applause. The schools marched in the following order : (1) St. Mary's, Buttermarket-street. (2) St. Alban's. (3) St. Benedict's. (4) Sacred Heart. (5) Our Lady's, Latchford. The children were splendidly disciplined, and whenever there was a momentary halt in the pro- cession, the little feet could be heard marking time with soldierly precision. There was a perfect forest of banners of exquisite texture and workmanship. Seven of them depicted the Sacraments, whilst others bore representations of Our Lady and the Saints. Here and there a glittering processional crucifix arrested the eye, and groups of altar boys, in cassocks and surplices, followed. As usual, the costumes and grouping of the children were most beautiful, each school working to some definite scheme. Many of the scholars wore sashes of various tts, while on their heads were garlands of choice flowei s. Wands tipped with blooms were generally carried, and a contingent ,of boys marched smartly along bearing miniature silver spears. There were several handsome statues of the Virgin and the Sacred Heart, embowered in flowers and greenery, but perhaps the greatest admiration was attracted by the statue of Our Lady which was borne aloft by- young ladies of St. Mary's Church. Above it was a magnificent floral arch and from the pedestal were suspended a large number of streamers which -were held by little girls who also carried baskets of flowers. Other features which helped to make up a gorgeous picture were floral harps, arches and other devices which were magnificently executed, and the whole scene was one calculated to live long in the auemories of the spectators.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW THE DAY WAS SPENT.

In the afternoon the children betook themselves to fields in the locality where they d4ported themselves right merrily. Most of the Nonconformist schools refrained from joining' in the procession, and made their way direct to the railway station, the object being to give the youngsters a full day in the country. Wycliffe scholars again visited Hartford; Bold-street children went to Lymm ; Silver street to Helsby ; Workingmen's Mission to Acton Grange; Cairo-street Unitarian to Southport; Golborne-street Baptists, Acton Bridge; Welsh Church, Southport; Ebenezer Church, High Legh. With such ideal conditions, the time passed all too quickly, and the Walking day of 1909 will long be remembered as one of the most successful in the history of the town.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
RETURNS FROM THE SCHOOLS.

Church of England.

BLUE BOAT SCHOOL :—Established 1677. Num- ber of scholars on books 46 boys, 30 girls; average attendance, 70; namber f teachers, 3; Mr. Edward Rose, Governor; Mrs. Rose, Matron. The children of this ancient school headed the procession in the morn- ing, after which they attended Divine Service at the Parish Church. They were visited by Old Blues and friends during the afternoon, end there were games and sports in the school grounds. Special dinner and teas were provided. PADGATE INDUSTRIAL: —Established 1881. Number of scholars, 207 (boys 104, girls 103) ; average attendance, 209; number of teachers, 5; Rev. G. W. Dickinson, chaplain; Mr. Arthur Wright, superintendent and 16 officers. The children were dresied in new clothes and wore red, white and blue rosettes and carried Union Jacks. There was a lorry tastefully decorated in red white and blue. The afternoon WHS spent in a field, a special tea being provided and races and games being engaged in. NATIONAL (Boys A.ND INFANTs) Numter of scholars on books, 220 ; boys, 100, infants ; number of teachers, 20; clergy, the Rector and Rev. A. J. Bratt ; superintendents, Mr. G. Brown (bays) ; Miss A. Brown (infants). The children met at the school at 9 o'clock, and joined in the procession headed by the band of the Bth and 40th Regimental Districts. After traversing the general route they returned to the Parish Church for service, an address being given by the Rev. W. Collier, of the Waifs' and Strays' Society. The after- noon and evening were spent in the usual sports and games in St. Elpbin's Park. FAIRFIELD (Gnus AND INFANTS): Number of scholars on books,4oo infants ; 400 girls; number of teachera,'2s ; clergy, the Rector and Rev. A. J. Bratt ; superintendents, Miss E. White (girls) ; Miss E. Hopkins (infants). The arrangements were exactly the same is for the children of the National School. ST. GEORGE'S MISSION :—Number of scholars on books, 300 boys ; 400 girls; 100 infants; number of teachers, 25; curate-in-charge and superintendent, Rev.Tbomas A. J. Ridpath. The children joined in the procession along with the other Parish Church schools. headed by Mr. Smith's Band, and spent the afternoon in St. Elphin's Park. ST. CLEMENT'S MISSION :—Number of scholars on books, 200 boys ; 300 girls ; 100 infants ; number of teachers, 25 ; curate-in-charge. Rev. T. W. etrber. The procession was beaded by the St. Clement' contingent of the Church Lad's Brigade. In the afternoon the scholars adjourned to St. Elphin's Park for the usual amusements.

T. JAMES' (LATcHroRD) : Number of scholars on books, 736 (boys 325, girls 411) ; average attendances 660 ; number of teachers, 20; clergy, Revs. H. B. Firtb, M.A. (vicar), H. H. Corsbie, M.n. and E. M. Swift (curates) ; Mr. W. H. Stansfield, M.A. superin- tendent ; Mr. James Fargher, secretary. The children assembled at the St. James' schools at 8 o'clock beaded by the Territorial Band and walked round the parish and then to St. James' Church for service to be conducted by the Vicar, alter which the procession was reformed and marched to the Town Hall to join the general procession. The beautiful large banner erublemation of St. James' and many bannerets were .carried, and there were six decorated lurries filled with children. Travers- ing the general route the children went back to the schools to disperse. They met again in the afternoon at 2 o'clock and marched beaded by the Territorial Band, to the Wilderspool Brewery park, where the band played during the afternoon and evening, and the children indulged in games, scambling for nuts, sweets, etc. There were also swings, donkey rides, shooting galleries, refreshment and sweot stall., and various other amusements. Tea was provided for the young children on the field and tho elder scholars had theirs in the St. James' school.

HOLY TRINITY.—Number of scholars on books, 150 boys, 150 girls; average attendance, 200; number of teachers, 20; clergy, the Rev. E. C. E. Carlton and the Rev. J. Morgan Price; secretary, Mr. Hesketb. The scholars assembled at the school at 9 a.m. and took their place in the procession at half past nine, and paraded the town preceded by tbe Walton band. After dinner they journeyed to Frodsham by the 1 o'clock train. On reaching their destination they spent a very pleasant time in games and rambles through the glorious woods, Tea was provided on the summit of the hill, and the scholars returned home about 8 o'clock.

FACTORY YARD MISSION :—Established 26 years ago. There are 210 scholars on the books there being an average attendance of 220, and 12 teachers. The clergy are the Rev. E. C. E. Carleton. H. R. Wilde, and J. M. Price and superintendent Mrs. Carleton. The scholars took part in the procession with Holy Trinity school, afterwards „journeying to Frodsham. ST. LUKE'S :—Number of scholars on books, 120 boys, 203 girls; average attendance, 250; number of teachers, 1R • curate-in-charge, Rev. H. R. Wild; secretaries, Messrs. Thomas Sutcliffe and John Warbur- ton. After going in the procession, headed by Walton Band, the scholars proceeded to a field off Hood Lane, kindly lent by Mr. Bennett, farmer. Here games and sports Were held. ST. PAUL'S :—Number of scholars on books, 566 (boys 266, girls 300) ; average attendance, 520 : number of teachers, 2s ; cleagy, Revs. W. Bracecamp ond J. H. Bankes ; superintendents, Mr. A. J. Jolley and Mrs. Bracecamp. The procession was headed by the Ardwick Green Industrial School Band and there were four hurries specially decorated, two in red, white and blue, and two with the words" God save the King." 250 members of the Men's and Women's Bible Classes walked. After the procession round the town,a short service was held in the Church, and the afternoon was spent in a field at Bewsey, kindly lent by Messrs. Hatton and Reid.

ALL SAINTS' MISSION SUNDAY SCHOOL : Established 1990. Number of scholars on books, 500 (boys 225, girls 275) ; average attendance. 421 ' • number of teachers,2l • curate-in-charge, Rev. J. H. Bankes,B.A.; officers, Rev. J. H. Bankes(superintendent),Mr.A. Binks (lay reader) ; Messrs. Perks, Kenwright, Addison, Boyle, Baker, Garner (sidesmen). The procession presented a very attractive sight, a special feature being 40 little girls dressed in white carrying baskets of flowers, shepherdesses' crooks, etc. Four of the elder girls and four of the younger ones, prettily dressed, carried the banner strings. Special efforts were made in order that the procession should be a visible expression of loyalty in anticipation of the King's visit. The beautiful decorations of the hurries came in for a great deal of admiration. The Ardwick Green Industrial Band from Manchester met All Saints' school in Hoyle-street by the Mission, and escorted the children via Catherine-street, Pitt- street, Bewsey-street, Walker-street, Eustace-street and Leigh-street, where the procession combined with St. Paula' school and afterwards traversed the general route. In the afternoon the scholars went to a field at Bewsey, lent by Messrs. Hatton and Reid, where they enjoyed a good tea and spent the rest of the time in sports.

ST. BARNABAS' :—Number of scholars walking. 296 boys, 267 girls; number of teachers, 25; clergy, Revs. J. H. G. Hollingworth and J.W. Glendenning; super- intendents, Mrs. J. H. G. Hollingworth and Mr. James. The children assembled in the church at 9 a.m. and, headed by Preston Brook Brass Band, marched along Bostock-street. Priestley-street and Kendrick-street, arriving at Legh-street at 10 o'clock. The large banner of St. Barnabas' and numerous bannerettes were dis- played. After taking part in the procession round the town, the scholars returned to Church by way of Bewsey-street, Froghall-lane and Priestley-street. Re-assembling at 12.15, they walked to the Central Station and entrained for Farnworth. The afternoon was spent at Pex Hill, tea being served in the Pavilion, and games and other forms of amusement were indulged in. The return to Warrington was commenced at 9 p.m.

ST. PETER'S :—Established 1872. Number of scholars on books, 287 boys, 316 girls; average attend- ance, 450; number of teachers, 20; clergy, Rev. B. Percival and Rev. J. H. Garnett; officers,Mr. Bamforth and Captain Land. The procession was a very pleasing one, and included groups of flower girls and gipsies picturesquely attired. The afternoon was spent in a field on Twiggery farm, where tea was served and the usual games and races were indulged in.

ST. ANN'S.—Number of scholars on books, 450 boys and girls; superintendents, Rev. J. Davies, Miss Davies, Miss Gorton; treasurer, Miss Rigbey. The procession was headed by the Derbyshire Imperial Yeomanry ((till band), by the kind permission of Colonel Sir Peter Walker and officers. The large silk banner showed Our Lord as the Good Shepherd caring for the lambs. Other smaller banners were carried, with a variety of colours aud texts inscribed thereon. There was a decorated lurry in which were the infants. The tasteful decora- tions were carried out by Mrs. Gorten and Misses Barlow and Harrison. After the procession, service was held in the Church, when the Vicar gave an address. Special hymns were sung and were accompanied by the band. Tea was provided in the schoolroom at three o'clock. After tea the scholars went to a field adjoining Orford Hall, which had kindly been lent them for the occasion by Mr. R. C. Shaw, Orford-lane. Arrived there. games and competitions took place, and these Continued until dusk, when the children dispersed.

Nonconformist.

SILVER STREET (WESLEYAN) :—Establisbed,lBl7; number of scholars on book, 590 (boys 300, girls 290) ; average attPudance, 433 ; number of teachers, 51 including officers; minister, Rev. E.Blanshard Keeling; superintendents, Messrs. .J. W. Hayward and R. Corbett ; secretary, Mr. L. H. Farrell. The procession left the school at 8.45 headed by Crosfleld's Prize Band and the Sunday school banner, proceeding by way. of Winwick-street, Market-gate, Sankey-street and Parker- street for special train to Helsby where a field has been engaged and cricket and football, &c., were indulged in.

BOLD-STREET (WESLEYAN) :—Established 1784 : number of scholars on books, 300 (boys 140, girls 160) . average attendance, 200 ; number of teachers, 22; minister, Rev. Thomas Miller: superintendent, Mr. William Silcock; secretary, Mr. Fred T.Light ; librarian, Mr. J. B. Doncaster ; registrar, Mr. D. Ostle. The. scholars left Arpley Station at 10.10 by special train for Lymm. On arriving at the field tbe races for the infants immediately took place so that the little ones winning prizes could have the benefit of them during the course of the day. Dinner was provided at twelve o'clock, after which the cricket matches S:c. between, the various classes commenced. Tea time for the scholars was fixed for 4.15, and for the visitors at 5 o'clock. The time after tea and before leaving for the station was fully taken up by the programme of races and competitions. The former included, in addition to the ordinary flat races, some obstacle, sack and flag squadron races, while amongst the competitions cere a tug-of-war for the men's class, skipping competitions for the ladies, and singing contests for the juniors. For several years these singing contests have been very successful and are looked forward to by scholars and visitors alike. There were the usual amusements in the shane of ronuders, football and so forth, finishing up with what the children liked perhaps best of all, a good scramble for nuts. The train home left at 8.30.

ELLESMERE STREET (WEsLEYAN) :—Established 1886 • number of scholars on books, 360; boys, 160; girls;2oo ; average attendance, 300 ; number of teachers, 30 ; ministers, Rev.T.Miller and other circuit ministers; supenntendents, Mr.J.Barlow and Mr. J.Ellison I; secre- taries, Mr. J. Hulse and Mr. A. Whitmore. The scholars assemblei at the Mission at 8.30 and pro- ceeded to Arpley Station, thence by special train at 9.15 to Moor., where a field-his been kindly placed at their disposal by Mr. Woodward. Races, gamw, &AL, were indulged in, and dinner and tea were provided in the field. Th 3 scholars returned home about 8.30. LATCHFORD (WEsLEYAN) :—Number of scholars on books, 120 boys ; 136 girls ; average attendance, 190 ; number of teachers, 17 ; minister, Rev. T. Gladding ; superintendent, Mr. J. Ditchtleld ; secre- tary, Mr. D. Maile. The scholars left school at 1 o'clock (younger ones on lurries and the elder ones in procession) bra field at Mr. Bradford's Reddish Hall, Here games were indulged in until about 4 o'clock. Then tea was provided, first for scholars and afterwards for visitors. After tea there were sports and a cricket match between the Men's Bible Class and the older lads in the school. The return home was made about 9 o'clock,

_ • W YCLIF FE (CoN GRICGA.TIONA.L). —E itabl i shed 1819 Number of scholars on books, 184 boys, 206 girls; aver- age attendance, 303; number of teachers, 34; minister, Rev. John Yonge ; officers, Mr. W. Brown.; superin- tendents. Mr. George Parr and Mr. T. F. Wallington ; hon. secretary, Mr. A. R. Gleave. The teachers, scholars and friends joined in the procession through the town: to Bank Quay Station, headed by Wycliffe Brass Baud, and entrained for Hartford. near Delamere Forest, where they spent the day. Sports were held for boys and girls during the day. The school band played selec- tions of music after tea. COCKHEDGE MlSSlON.—Established 1872. Num- ber of scholars on books, 340 (boys 160, girls 180) ; average attendance, 230; number of teachers, 24; ministers, Rev. J. Yonge and Rev. H. Wall; super- intendent and officers, Mr. W. H. Wallington, Mr. F. Morrell, Mr. H. Wilson and Mr. H. Clayton. The scholars assembled at school at 9 a.m., leaving in pro- cession at 9.30 via Fennell-street, Church-street, Padgate- lane and Orford-road into the field by Grannie's-brook, kindly lent by Mr. W. Bennett, of Padgate. The day, was spent in games and races, for which prizes were awarded. Tea was provided for parents of scholars at a reasonable price in the large marquee. Dinner for scholars was served free at 12 noon, and tea ot 4 p.m. CAIRO-STREET (UN[TA.RIA.N) :—Established 1788 Number of scholars on books, 201 (boys 104. girls 97) ; average attendance, morning 94, afternoon 151 ; number of teachers, 20 • minister, Rev. Charles Harvey-Cook'; superintendents, Mr. Frank Hollingsworth and Mr. David Plinstnn ; secretaries, Mi. Chapman Hollingsworth and Mr. Harry Rathbone. The scholars and teachers with the minister assembled at the school at 6.45 a.rn. and proceeded to the Central Station for train to Southport at 7.5, spending the nay at that popular resort. Dinner and Apa were provided at the Unitarian Church Sunday SchocTf in Portland-street.Sonthport.The return journey was made by the 7.15 train from South- port, Many of the parents and friends of the scholars attended and, by arrangement, took dinner and tea with the young people' LEGI-I-STREE r (PRIMITIVE METHODIST) :—Estab- lished 1870. Number of scholars on books, 98 boys, 77 girls ; average attendance, mornings 50, afternoons 130; number of teachers, 23; minister, Rev. J. B. Bugloss; superintendent, Mr. B. T. Parkes : assistant superintendent, Mr. Landor ; secretary, Mr. J. Howell; treasurer, Mr. J. Bailey. The scholars assembled at the schoolroom at 9 a.m., leaving at 9.15, and proceeding via Legh-street, Sankey. street, Arpley- street and Wilson-Patten-street to Arpley Station. The procession was headed by Rev. J. B. Buglass, Mr. Joseph Bissell, the superintendent and officials of the Church. The large silk banner of the school was carried. The scholars entrained at 10 a.m. for Lymrn, where dinner and tea were provided at Lymm Booth's Farm during the day. Games, races sports So., were indulged in, after which the children returned by the 8.30 train.

WORKINGMEN'S MISSION :—Established 1871. Number of scholars on books, 332 boys, 519 girls ; average attendance, morning 2.14 i afternoon 517; num- ber of teachers, 41; president, Mr. N. Hough; superintendents, Mr. T. Dale and Mr. W. Woman ; secretary, Mr. J. Birch; treasurer, Mr. R. C. Tanner; organist, Mr. F. Atkinson. The children assembled at school at 8.30 a.m. and journeyed on buses, and lurries to a field situated on Mr. Hall's Farm, Acton Grange, Excellent provision had been made for scholars and friends by the erection of two large tents in which dinner and tea were served. Races and competitions of various kinds had been arranged and suitable prizes were given. Cricket, football, Stc., were played and there was plenty of amusement to suit every section of the school. The return journey was commenced at 8 p.m., and on reaching the schools the scholars dispersed.

GOSPEL HALL :—Number of scholars on books, 560 (boys 260, girls 300) ; average attendance,s4o ; number of teachers, 22; Mr. C. Roden and assistants. The scholars met at the school at 9 a.m. and forming a pro- cession marched to the field at Orford. Here there was the usual round of fun, in the games of rounders, cricket, football and skipping rope, &c. At 12.30 dinner was provided then there were more games until tea time. After further amusements the return home was made at 9 p.m. GO LBO RNE-STREET (BAPrisT) :—Number of schoolars on books, 61 boys, 48 girls, total 109 (this does mat include the adult class with about 50 members); average attendance, afternoon 72; number of teachers, 14 ; minister, Rev. R. E. Letheren • superintendent. Mr. Herbert Buckby ; secretary, Mr. Thomas Longshaw; treasurer, Mr. Richard Roberts. The diy was spent at Acton Bridge. Meals were served in the schoolroom kindly placed at the visitors' disposal by the Milton Baptist Church, and a field adjoining was used. Races and games were engaged in by both young and old. FRIARS' GREEN AND BRICK-STREET (LM.) : Number of scholars on books, 176 boys, 196 girls.; average attendance, 370; number of teachers, 32; superintendents:- Brick-street, Mr. John Barton and Mr. T. Hamblet ; Friars' Green, Mr. W. Evans and Mr. G. T. Jolley. Brick-street Scholars met at Brick-street school at 8.30 and proceeded to Friars' Green and met the other section there. Then they marched 'via Rvlands-street, Bridge-streei Buttermarket-street, Church-street, Fennel-street to Brick-street school. headed by the Brick-street and Friars' Green Band. Afterwards they were conveyed on lurries to Mr. Bennett's field. Dinner and tea were provided and in the evening various sports were arranged, under the supervision of Messrs. John Taylor and George Evans.

EMMANUEL (a. E.) :—Established, 1881; number of scholars on books, 200; average attendance 150; number of teachers, 13; clergy in procession, Rev. F. Vaughan, T. Royce (Ashton-in-Makerlield), J. Hod gkinn (Wigan) ; superintendent, Mr. Thomas Moon ; secretary and treasurer, Mr.M. A. Johnson; church wardens, Mr. D. R. Hodge, and Mr. It. Lees. A prominent feature of this procession was the open Bible, carried under a canopy. The Sunday school, Band of Hope, Christian Endeavour and other banners and designs were dis- played. The afternoon was spent at Moore in a field kindly lent by Mr. J. Millington. Tea was served for teachers and friends in the barn.

LEGIT STREET (PARTICULAR BAPTIST :—Number of scholars on books, 72 ; number of teachers, 6; super- intendents, Mr. Samuel E. Bate and Mr. J. Groom. The scholars met at the school at 8.30 and proceeded in conveyance to Cherry-lane, Lymm. The senior scholars and friends assembled at 12.30 and also drove to Lymm The usual games were indulged in and dinner and tea were provided.

BRICK-STREET MISSION :—Established 1893; number of scholars on books, 250 boys; 250 girls; average attendance, 350: number of teachers, 26; superintendent, Mr. James Shaw; secretary, Mr. William Yates ; treasurer, Mr. Thorniley. The children after walking in processson to Market trate and down Buttermarket-street, headed by their own band adjourned to Mr. Fryers field at Padgate, were amuse- ments of all kinds were indulged in. Dinner and tea were partaken of, the party returning home at dusk. CHRIST CHURCH, LATCHFORD :—Established, 1861 ; number of scholars on b00k5,340; averrge attend- ance, 260; number of teachers, 18; clergy, Rev. G. C. Briggs; officers, Mr. D. Banks, superintendent; Mr. E. H. Turton, deputy superintendent; Mr. J. J. Firth, superintendent Men's Bible Class ; Mrs. Deacon, super- intendent of Women's Bible Class. The procession left the school, Wash-lane, at 1.30 p.m., and walked through Latchford preceded by Walton Band. Games and races for the children were afterwards enjoyed in. ft field in the parish. Tea was served in the Parish Room at 5 o'clock, and there was dancing in the field till dusk.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, July 43, 1909.

SANKEY BRIDGES WESLEYAN SUNDAY. SCHOOL :—Estabished 1876, 290 scholars on books, average attendance. 231; number of teachers, 31 ; minister, Rev. F. W. Kernick, M.A. ; superintendents, Messrs. J. Gorst and T. Tindale ; secretaries, Messrs. J. F. Jaohpon and R. Gorst ; treasurer, Mr. C. Bromley. The schoTfirs formed up at the church and marched to a field at Barrow Hall, Bold, kindly lent by Mr. Baguley. The procession was headed by a large silk banner, bearing illustrations of "Christ blessing the children" and "Sowing the seed." The infants were taken to the field on lurries. Dinner and tea were served in the usual way and the rest of the day was spent in games of various kinds.

BUCKL Y-STREET SUNDAY SCHGOL.—Scholars on books, 500; average attendance, 367; superintendent, Mr. Harry Woolley; assistant secretary, Mr. James Plinston ; secretary, Mr. Stanley Kindon. The pro- cession was headed by Croslield's band. The chief marshal was Mr. James Bate. A large banner. on.which is portrayed an angel protecting a child standing on the edge of a precipice, carried by scholars followed the band. A unique feature of the procession was a lurry depicting the Children's Ward in the Infirmary on which were four girls representing nurses and also a Loy representing a dector. On each side of the bury were two boys carrying a stretcher, the canvas being dipped so as to enable people to throw coins in, which were in aid of the cots in the Children's Ward of the Infirmary. everal adult scholars carried boxes. In the procession were Morris dancers, Maypole carriers and gipsies in the national costume. At 12-30 the scholars were con- veyed to Padgate by special train. Dinner and tea were provided and various games were indulged in.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
Roman Catholic.

ST. ALBAN'S :—Established 1771. Number of scholars on books 490 (boys 225, girls 265) ; average attendance, 420 ; number of teachers, 10; clergy, Very Rev. J. P. Whittle, 0.5.8., Rev. P. L. Buggins, 0.5.8. As usual the procession presented a very picturesque spectacle. It was beaded by the Borough Band and next came the large and handsome banner of St. Alban. There were three other school banners—Sacred Heart, Our Lady and St. Joseph. The Guild of St. Agnes (girls) was preceded by the banner of St. Agues. Another beautiful feature was a statue of Our Lady. Before the infants was carried a handsomely decorated shield bearing the name of the schools. Choice bouquets and trailers of smilax were carried by the infants and by the girls of the senior school. All the infants were attired in white, with sashes of green and gold, and the girls wore green and gold rosettes and the boys gold caps. The girls of the senior school had wreaths of most roses on their heads and wore green silk sashes. They carried streamers of smilax intertwined with pink ribbon. The boys had red jerseys and white tennis hats. The afternoon was spent in a field at Padgate where games and sports were indulged in.

CHURCH OF. THE SACRED HEART :—Number of scholars on books, 340 ; number of teachers, 8; clergy, Revs. M. Ryan and P. Walsbe ; also in the procession, Very Rev. Dean Clarke (Appleton), Father Qui k (Golborne) and Father Donohue (Croft); headmistresses, Miss Diosdale (mixed department),Miss Bonny (infants). The procession, which looked very pretty and attrac- tive, was beaded by the Pioneer Band. Next came the cross-bearer and altar boys. The principal large banners were those of the Holy Family, the Sacred Heart, and the Immaculate Conception, and there were numerous small banners, including those of Our Lady and St. Joseph. A statue of the Sacred Heart was carried by a number of young ladies attired in red mantelets, with ribbons in their hair, and the statue of Our Lady was carried by ladies with blue mantelets. All the girls were dressed in white and some of them carried artistic arches of wheat, grass and poppies. The general effect was highly pleasing. The afternoon was spent in the Albion football field where the usual amusements were provided. ST. BENEDICT'S (INFANTs).—Numbers of scholars, on books, 350 boys, 370 girls; average attendance, 610; number of teachers, 15; clergy in procession, Rev. Fatbers T. 0. Swarbreck, Rylance, Charles Swarbreck, H. Wilson, P. Wilson and Melia; headmaster, Mr. Morris. The infants will lead with an arch artistically decorated with shaded violets and smilax streamed by a number of girls wearing violets and " Empire " sashes. The rest of the girls followed, wearing the same costume with Napoleon bands on their hair and carrying bunches of violets and smilax. The harp was streamed by a number of girls wearing green sashes and violets, and carrying wands decorated with violets and smilax. The streamers of the floral cross were carried by a number of boys wearing olive green polo caps and military cords and tassels in Papal colour. The remainder of the boys followed, wearing same costume and carrying • silver spears." A beautiful statue of Our Lady will be carried by the children of Mary. ST. MARY'S BUTTERMARKET STREET : Established 1875. Number of scholars on books 800; number of teachers 23 clergy, Rev. N. Wilson 0.5.8., Bev. B. Primvase, 0.5.11., and Rev. Dr. Mercer. 0.5.8., Sunday school ()facials, Messrs. Eckersley, Kilburn, Tracey and others. The procession whose numbers reached fully 1200, was headed by the League of the Cross Prize Band. The leading banner was a copy of -` The Immaculate Conception, by Murello. Then came seven sacramental banners and the large banner of St. Benedict. The statue of Our Lady, which was tastefully decorated and commanded the admiration of all witnesses, was carried by the children of Mary. The League of the Cross Drum and Fife Band was also in attendance. After the procession service was held in the church. The afternoon was spent in a field off Gorsey-lane, tea being provided for the children. Games and sports were indulged in. OUR LADY'S (LATCHFORD) :—Establisbed 1872; number of scholars on book, 270 ; boys, 143; girls, It 7; average attendance, 235 ; number of teachers 6 ; clergy, Bev. T. M. Marrs, George Conroy, T. H. Roche, W. Baines. The children of our Lady's left their school at 9.45 and met the other Roman Catholic schools of Warrington at 10.30. They were led by the Runcorn Prize band. The procession itself had many pretty features, immediately behind the cross bearer came four little Cardinals followed by the altar boys and the priests. The infant girls dressed in white and wearing large Dorothy hats and blue streamers were preceeded by the May Quaen, the latter being dressed in white wearing a long train and carrying a large bouquet, her train being carried by two boys in court costume. The Queen's maids of honour—six in num- ber—were wearing blue silk bonnets and capes and carried large bouquets. The infant boys gave a very pleasant touch of colour to the procession, their green sashes over white suits, being in nice contrast to the prevailing colours of the infant girls. The senior girls wore white dresses and veils and blue wreaths,and streamers. The boys wAre attired in sailor blouses with green collars and cuffs and straw hats with green bands. The children of Mary dressed ip white carried a large and beautiful statue of our Lady profuselyl decorated with flowers. The morning proceedings finished with Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament at which all who walked in the procession were present. In the afternoon the children went out into the country where they ha Id their sports and partook of suitable refreshments provided for them.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
Undenominational.

SALVATION ARMY :—Established April, 1889; number of scholars on books, 70 boys, 130 girls; aver- age attendance, 185; number of teachers. 18; Officers, Thomas Henry Christmas, Adjutant; W. Goodwin, Sergeant-Major; J. Lee, bandmaster; Sam Brown, treasurer; W. M. Jones, secretary; W. M. Stephens, superintendent; Miss L. Dickinson, young people's treasurer; Miss J. Griffiths, recruiting sergeant. The procession was headed by the silver band of thirty performers and the school banner. The afternoon was spent in the recreation ground at Bank Park, about 1,500 poor children, irrespactive of creed, being enter- tained. Dinner and tea were served, and t'4ere were numerous races. scrambling for sweets and nuts, and games of all .kinds. A band festival brought the pro- ceedings to a close.

RAGGED SCHOOL :I—Established 1887; number of scholars on books 250 boys, 300 girls; average aitend- ance, 450; number of teachers, 14; officers, Councillor James Skelland, superintendent; Mr. F. J. Owen, assistant superintendent and treasurer; Messrs.H.and J. Wright, school secretaries. The procession' was headed by the drum and fife band and included two large and a number of small banners. At noon the children were conveyed to Mr. Charlton Parr's field at Grappenhall on lurries, lent by Messrs. Greenall, Whitley and Co., Ltd. Dinner, consisting of ham sandwiches and cakes was served and afterwards various sports wera engaged in. The children to the number of 600 were also pro- vided with a tea of scones, ice and sugar buns.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETH WALKING DAY

Favoured with ideal weather, the Walking Day celebrations at Penketh yesterday afternoon were a complete success. Below we give the particulars of the arrangements for each school : _ _ _

PENKftli (WEitY,YAN) : Number of scholars on books, 137 boys, 103 girls; average attend trice, 80 morning, 170 afternoon; number of teachers, 37 ; minister Rev. F. W. Kernick, ; superintendents, Mr. L Withinshaw and Mr. J. Carman; secretary, Mr. Frank Davies. The procession was headed by Penketh Tannery Prize Band and five large banners (the first bearing the name of the schools) and several smaller ones were carried. Leaving the school at 2 P.m., the scholars marched along Warrington-road,up Heath-road, Greystone-road,through Mr. Dodds grounds,and through the village to Mr. Parker's, where they partook of lemonade, etc., and visited Mrs. Parker's Rose Garden. then they proceeded to school for tea at 4 p.m., und afterwards adjourned to the Recreation ground and indulged in sports and games. The sports were taken charge of by Mr. Parker's Bible class, and very suitable prizes were given to successful competitors at 9 p.m., the children returned to school, and gave hearty cheers for those who had helped to make the festival a success On leaving the school each child received a bag con- taining nuts, gingerbreads, sweets, etc. During the evening the bands played a large number of suitable selections.

ST. MARY'S, GREAT SANKEY :—Number of scholars on books, 631; number of teachers, 37; Vicar, Rev. J. R. Jones; who was accompanied by the wardens and sidesmen. The procession, headed ',s7Preston Brook Band, started at one o'clock from Sankey school and proceeded through Meeting House-lane and Penketh, thence to Sankey Bridges and back to Sankey. The teachers were - entertained to luncheon by the Vicar. Then the scholars had their tea in relays. Sports etc., were indulged in, in the Vicarage field after tea.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ROYAL YISIT.

FINAL ARRANGEMENTS.

Tuesday next will be a great day in the history of Warrington, for their Majesties the King and Queen are to honour the Borough with a brief visit. Every preparation is being made to extend a loyal and enthusiastic welcome to the Royal visitors, and the town, with its lavish decorations will wear a gala appearance. The arrangements are now complete and given real "King's" weather, the day will be one to be long and happily remembered by every inhabitant. The King will leave London by special train at 2.30 on Saturday afternoon for Rugby, and after fulfilling an engagement there, his Majesty will remain °for the week-end.

On Monday morning at 9.55 the Queen will leave Euston for Knowsley, calling at Rugby, where the King will join her Majesty. They will proceed together to Knowsley, and before returning to town on the evening of the 7th will fulfil long-Standing and important engagements at Manchester, Birmingham, and elsewhere. . OFFICIAL PROGRAMME.

We are indebted.to the Town Clerk (Mr. J. Lyon Whittle) for the following official programme : Their Majesties will leave Worsley Hall in motors at about 5.15 for Knowsley via Warrington. It will be necessary to proceed at a fast rate of speed, but it will be reduced at Some places along the ronte as follows in order that the public may see His Majesty : Arrive Irlam boundary 5.30., pass slowly through the town, stop for the Chairman of the Urban District Council to be presented. Leave Irlam 5.45.

Arrive Warrington (Bruche Bridge Manchester- road) 5.55 ;'pass slowly through the town to the front of the Town Hall, remain there long enough to allow of an address being presented (not read) to His Majesty and for the Mayor and Mayoress,Sir Gilbert and Lady Greenall and the member for the Borough (Mr. A. H. Crosfield) and Mrs. Crosfield to be presented to His Majesty. Miss Edith Forshaw will have the honour of pre- senting a bouquet of flowers to the Queen. Miss Bessie Forshaw will have the, honour of pre- senting a bouquet of flowers to the Princess Victoria. A guard of honour of the 4th Battalion South Lancashire Regiment will be drawn up at the place of " presentation. Leave Warrington (Sankey Bridges) 6.20 passing slowly through Rainhill 6.30. - Arrive Preseot (Railway Bridges 6.45.) Pass slowly through Prescot, stopping to allow Chairman of the Prescot Urban District Council to be presented. Arrive Knowsley 7 p.m The procession will eater the Town Hall grounds by the East Gate and after the presentations will leave by the West Gate. The whole route will be closed to vehicular traffic at 4.30 p.m. and vehicles will not be allowed to cross the route after 4 p.m. Buttermarket-street will also be closed to pedestrians at 4.45 p.m. Householders and persons holding tickets to pass along this street will not be allowed to stand on the footpaths. The following streets and passages open- ing on to Buttermarket-street will be closed and barricaded :

Percival's-fold, Hill.street, Wint-passage, passage leading from "Crown and Sceptre" yard, Upper Bank-street, Cloth Hall-yard and Cropper's-brow. Persons holding tickets for any of the stands must take their seats not later than 5 p.m. No person will be admitted to the Town Hall grounds unless provided with a ticket of admission.

No camera will be allowed in any street except on the footpaths. No camera will be permitted on the stands at the Town Hall.

Photographers are requested not to obtrude on their Majesties. The procession will be headed by Mounted Police. The line of route will be preserved by the 4th Battalion South Lancashire Regiment and a detach- ment of the Bth and 40th Regimental District. The Warrington Ambulance *Corps will be on duty along the line of route. Order will be preserved by the full strength of the Warrington Police Force, assisted by detachments of police from the Cheshire Constabulary, Chester, St. Helens and Wigan.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
ORDER OF PROCESSION,

It is expected that the motors will travel in the following order :

FIRST MOTOR.

Countess of Derby, Lord Salisbury, H. E. M. de Soveral, Earl of Derby.

SECOND MOTOR. M.M. KING. H.M. QUEEN.

H.R.H. Princess Victoria. THIRD MOTOR. Lady Gosford, Lady-in-Waiting. Hon. Charlotte Knollya, Lady-in-Waiting. Right Hon. R. B. Haldane, Minister in Attendance. FOURTH MOTOR. Lord Hamilton of Dalzell, Lord-in-Waiting. Lord Gosford, Vice-Chamberlain to the Queen.

Colonel Streatfield. Equeery-in-Waiting. FIFTH MOTOR. Sir A. Edmonstone, Groom-in-Waiting. Sir A. Davidson, Equerry-in-Waiting. Lord Knollys, Private Secretary to the King SIXTH MOTOR.

Lady Wolverton, Mrs. Sassoon, Lord Shuttlewo rth Lo rd Salisbury. SEVENTH MOTOR.

Lady Beatrix Stanley, Lord Wolverton, Lady Thea Acheson, Lord Charles Montagu.

EIGHTH MOTOR

Lord R. Cavendish, Captain Hon. R. Molyneux, H. Milner, Esq.

NINTH MOTOR.

Sir Charles Burnett, Capt. Hon. G. Stanley, Capt. Hon. Algernon Stanley.

THE COST.

The Finance and Executive Committee of the Reception Committee met on Thursday and resolved to recommend the Town Council to grant £1,200 in the form of salary to the Mayor to be devoted to the expenditure on the forthcoming Royal visit. At a special meeting on Monday evening next the Town Council will be asked to vote this sum.

===== 0002601_19090703_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DECORATIONS.

Warrington will indeed be a "Beautiful War- rington" on Tuesday, for the decorations will be the most lavish and artistic ever seen in the town. As already announced, the route has been divided into three sections for decorative purposes, each being allotted to a separate contractor. Section No. 1 (from Bruche Bridge to Mersey-street) is in the hands of Messrs. C. T. Brock and Co. of Crystal Palace fame, through their local agent, M;. T. Prince, Horsemarket-street. When the Royal visitors arrive at the borough boundary the first object to attract their attention will be a handsome arch of lattis work, which will span the roadway at Bruche Bridge. The arch will be painted green and will have eight pilasters, surmounted with natural flowers and connected with floral garlands. The word "Welcome" will be inscribed in gold letteys on each side of the centre arch. Each telegraph post will be ornamented with trophies and banners, with pedestals containing flowers. From Bruche Bridge to the Cemetery there will be a long line of Venetian masts, festooned with garlands, streamers, lines of flags and floral designs, each pole being embellished with shields and trophy of flags. At the Cemetery, gates there will be two triumphal arches, with appropriate mottoes, one spanning Manchester-road and the other Padgate-lane. Each electric standard on this section will be suitably qrnamented and from the arm a basket of flowers will be suspended. About nine feet from the base of the standard will be a trophy of flags. Between the standards elaborate festoons will add a further touch of colour, and in Church-street there will be another avenue of Venetian masts. The general effect promises to be most beautiful. The work is being carried out under the supervision of Mr. J. H. Sharpe.

An attractive feature of the decoratiOn of No. 2 Section (Mersey-street to the Town Hall) will be an. arch in the form of a castle gate in Buttermarket- street. In the narrow portion of Sankey-street mottoes with garlands of artificial flowers will, span the road- way, and in the • wider part of the thoroughfare Venetian masts will be erected on either' side, with garlands of artificial flowers suspended, the whole forming a floral avenue in which the introduction of hanging baskets will have a pleasing effect. At the Market Gate corner of Buttermarket-street a large floral crown will be suspended, with garlands con- necting from the crown to the buildings. The whole of this section is entrusted to Gametts, Warrington. On Section 3 (Crosfield-street to Sankey Bridges) the elecrtic standards will be linktd up with longitudinal swags of streamers. Each post will be decorated with a shield and trophy of five flags and banners, festooned with thick floral garlands and provided with hanging baskets of artificial flowers.

All goods sold by us are manufactured in factories under our own control and supervision, from exclusive designs. We can thus guarantee to our Customers a well made article of useful EIS well as artistic design and substantial manufacture.

R PRICES IT THE POCKET. By controlling our manufactories we place the goods on the Market bearing one profit only—the goods going direct from us, the manufacturers, to our customer, the consumer—bearing only the one profit and not two or three as charged elsewhere.

The arch at the borough boundary at Sankey nridgietll will take the form of a frame arch decorated. 'coo, floral garlands and hanginc, baskets, etc., with 111 S io " Ever Welcome," one word to be on each side,an ,c),T the centre the words `: Hearty Greetings." An 3.14 will also be erected at the end of Green_Btreed. sundry decorations on the opnosite side of r3ert Messrs. J. and W. Dutton, Warrington, have be se with the work on this section. 1156 The decoration of Garven House and Bank has been entrusted to Messrs. J. M. Greenhalgil 90' Co., who are also decorating many of the leading c° mercial establishments. 101 The Town Hall will not be decorated in the 1.15-cl; way, but a basket of flowers will be placed on e9O window-sill, and large models of the Royal Arrns4g, the Borough Arms will be displayed on the bail' THE ADDRESS. The loyal address which will be presented t° Majesty by the Mayor, has now been prepared,se praise is due to the School of Art students Wh° been responsible for its illumination, namely SYlbe Clatworthy, Arthur Hayward and Alfred Cooke. teti work has been executed upon vellum and is 00 ~ 113, A on purple silk with silver rollers. The des.' g° 'tv very rich one, the principal "motifs" Royal and National Arms and other emblems, the Municipal Arms. The text of the addr_ness been carried out in a rich warm tone of br°"-'acetl lower case characters of which are carefully tøl with regularity into three paragraphs, only the 111:-111 eci and the name of Queen Alexandra being emboli's with gold. 000 The Royal name is emblazoned upon a backgrTeci in which the Arms of England, Scotland and lre7teci serve to mount the initials, burnished and 0191:00 gold being used, combined with a brilliant effect in the decoration. Above and below the l';',ger name are figure panels symbolic of loyalty and b9Oll. and on either hand of the Arms, on left of Warrii,n'iog on right of Great Britain, the shield of Wales 'ch.,' worked into the lower border. The border, ore inserted seven medallions containing the. painting figure groups, representing workers 'll ing crafts of the district—iron (2), wire, glass, tilt,in and brewing—which are combineti together ivittoii, interlacing strapwork, interwoven in which is in.der* made up of the rose, shamrock and thistle, and _ _ _

surmounted by crowns left and right. The wholelhas been conceived in a free, rile;olf spirit, enabling the designers to be perfectly origslible whilst affording opportunity for obtaining all etoric richnesa in effect in colour and form. No 1115; tile style in the illuminator's art has been followed,bt. general character is heraldic. A space is filled view of the Town Hall, and another at the Pe" filled by the municipal signatures and seal. The work has been admirably done, and is Var distinctly high level, in an art not common 561' rington, combining elements quite distinct frolil e other in character. The scroll will be enclosed in a solid silver ell ect rr with the borough arms beautifully enamelled ill c°,,iog- colours in the centre, and the date of the presen,- inscribed immediately underneath. The case /last oce specially designed and supplied by Messrs. Etts-3 and Co., Ltd.

THE BANKS. The banks in Warrington will close at one e,c,E3 At Earlestown they will open`- at 9.45 and C..°,-1, 11.15, and at Lymm they will open at 10.30 Ow at 12.30. TERRITORIAL ARRANGEMENTS. .ssf.V.) The current orders of .the 4th Battalion Sonth Lancashire Regiment contain the followi'll* Royal Review and presentation of colours be Majesty the King.—The battalion will Para asibier Monday, July sth, at 10.30 a.m., as strong ne P°;ol4 in Drill Order Service Dress and proceed to J;-09f for the above purpose. It is the bounden duty° officers, N.C.O.'s and men to be present on the. a parade. Officers and other ranks attendillgwtoli spectators will be in review order. The -nil detachment will parade at Newton in sufficierit to arrive at Earlestown Station by 11 a.m. His Majesty the King's Visit to Warringdrill• Battalion, with the bugle band, will parade , I'4 order service dress, at the Drill Hall at 3 strong as possible, on Tuesday, July fith tclr the streets. The band and the Guard of 110°,110,11cle parade at the same time in review order. pads will be worn by the Guard of Honour. 1!1 FIREWORKS DISPLAY. A grand display of fireworks will be Victoria Park on Tuesday evening by llesslO Greenhalgh and Co., in conjunction with J• spec'.3Aj Son (pyrotechnists to the King) consistino'' ° vel Ore, set pieces, thousands of rockets and shells. rties Wre effects, colossal fire portraits of their Males piettlia, King and Queen, concluding with a grand fiS be of a naval combat. A military band w attendance. ILLUMINATIONS AT THE ELECTRICI flec' WORKS. There will be illuminations at the BorotiFittiesde tricity Works in honour of the Royal Visit P evening. The Royal monogram "E. be atee displayed in letters Oft. high, Qui there wl" arc lamps as well as a powerful search light' Clara totteberry The Lancashire County Council have orderear Tarco the much-appreciated dust Prletlti applied to all roads traversed by His

itiending the reviews.—Advt.

Births, Marriages. and Mat"' etoef DEATH vv rfil, t 11 NißLD.—June 27th, at Salisb •° - treett ~,firrrio-6fin 3ohn James Nield, aged 49. "s Interred vlt' metery, July Ist. Friends please accePt only intimation. ---- - _ ---- Warrington.—Printed and published bY s°lll4Ex6°sstici &.. (W Co • ... arrington) Ltd., !it The treet'A rg7 General Printing Works, BewseY's 00,•„.i.:4• published by them at the same place,' at The Examiner Offices, Viotoria-rce"t nelo9 I 32, George-street, ST. Ehisys: 3, 11414_,150' EARLESTOWN ; Church-street Raucous, 0 - •

===== 0002601_19090703_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
WHEAT LEY KIRK. PRICE & CO. Manchester, London & Newcastle-on-Tyne, Have confined themselves exclusively to, an t are experts in conducting Sales bu Public Auction OF ENGINEERING WORKS & PLANT. 16, Albert Square, Manchester.

tOth STREET WESLEYA.N CHURCH WARRINGTON. 110;(?-1VIORROW (SUNDAY), JULY 4TH. _ _ ty 11)/3g 10.30. REV. THOMAS GLADDLNG. enlng 6.30. REV. THOMAS MILLER. Ir‘ All welcomis. Elymm Books provided. "1116EWSEY ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON. korTO-MORROW (SUNDAY), JULY 4TH. G Evehrl!ng 10.30. REV. JOHN UNNELL. _ -11 6.30. REV. THOMAS GLADDIMi. tAI welcome. Hymn Books provided. APTIST CHURCH, GOLBORNE STREET, TO-11ORROW (SUNDAY), JULY 4m, 1909. xIinR4.ICIIER : Rev. R. E. LETHEREN. eera.mg 10.45. "The Rest that remaineth: Tning 6.30. "The other side." 4-P IST CHURCH, LATCHFORD, CIITO-10RROW (SUNDAY), JULY 4TII 1909. .44 ER Rev. A. C. G. REN DELL of Lydenham,S.E. Morning 10.30. Evening 6- OFFERTORIES. • ALL SEATS FREE. CLIFFE CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH --.lnu „n„EWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. RROW, (SUNDAY), JULY 4TH, 1909. PREACHFR • REV. J. YONGE. Morning '10..30 Evening 6-90. Ordinance O f the Lord's Supper after Evening' Service. r.S.A FOR MEN AT 3 P.M. idRII3GE FOOT, NE EY CANNONS. AR ARPL . COtv , ‘l. A. PORTER, J.P. Manchester. "AY NEXT, JULY STH, AT 7.30 P.M. 114 R?VAYIRILVNIEM 11ANKS IN N• will CLOSE at o'clock on TUESDAY, 6th JULY. A ~,ARI.ESTOWN AND LYMM. tll-"KS AT EARLESTOWN will be OPEN on date of h I Visit to Warrington from , _4_7l! HQ the Royal from 10.30 to 12.30. IVrOX HEATH GARDEN SOCIETY. Shiow, SPORTS AND FETE. SATURDAY, 21sT AUGUST, 1909. AT HILL CLIFFE PARK. A. FAWCETT, Hos. SEC. ti'L.ER SKATING, PALATINE RINKS, spLbt WARRINGTON. teIAT SPOOL-ROAD AND BRIDGE FOOT. ,TI'IIACTIONS FOR THE KING'S VISIT. ailing Session 7 until 11.30 at each Rink. COMPETITIONS. ST ANbTlvigarEJ:,g.l,dy and Gent.) kxiirtuEFUL LADY SKATER. 1,0, t. AA) RLAACD S BACKWARDS (Gents.) Berl e Small Bills. -IVA'AL COURT THEATRE, WARRINGTON. ILI)ROPRIETOR : MR. JOSEPH BEECHAM. AsIMAT. MANAGER : MR. A. M. LOADER. .111. SSISTANT MANAGER: MR. S. SMILEY. _ ykitty LIVESEY'S COMPANY on Monday, o„4,sci V'lld Saturday in " THE KING OF CRIME," " 44u; &la abd Wednel3 dY Cy j "CALLED BACK." oto 41sittl:al_l_Y includes M 153 MAGGIE'EDWARDS_.O during nipg. 3' be booked at6.z.pm.Tnihmeaetnrce 10 to n. clisTod. I 460. 4IRINGTON AND DISTRICT AGRICUL- TURAL SOCIETY (If the Federation of Lancashire and Cheshire Ag 4 Agricultural Societies. SIR GILBERT GREENALL, B ART 20TH ANNUAL SHOW to be held in ThlArl'ON PARK, near Warrington. AUGUST 19TH, 1909. b -14ZES, CUPS AND MEDALS,, VALUE £7OO. y '11,Q1,. HARNESS HORSES, JUMPERS, At; 'An ''-'uIRES, CATTLE, &c., ecc. -113' of Entries, TUESDAY, August 10th. Pi? 14 vbe obtained from the Secretary. flayl JAMES BAINBRIDGE. near Warrington. .CHURCH PADpATE ANNUAL GARDEN FETE l'llTtiti„,hBjA'N;nilltrG, JULY BTH, 1909. ''alt WILL BE OPENED AT 3 P.M. BY ai4 Ittss, LORD WOLMER. latt9fN, is. After 5 p.m., 6d. The proceeds in 13:Ititlo repair of Church Fabric and Parochial Iteh ttl o nfixt,' ttilb,t;'orkm Stall, Toy and Sweet Stall, 4110,1);_`11._t La 11, Vicarage Stall, Flower Stall, Fish ontlig"4B"a , Inments, Amusing Competitions, Air Gun '%l,ll"ittsgllt"t, Ladies' Washing Competition, pen9e- rvtiv, -13 g Competition, Gentlemen's Hat Trimming Ladies' Whistling Competition, .54c. Pf VALUABLE PRIZES. ti4t-I.,TED IiUMORISTS; S; MESSRS. MERTZ nzetNß, " Albert Hall, Southport. BRASS BAND AT irIITENREVRAA AND PRIZE FOR D ANCING. TUE KING'S VISIT. GRAND STAND,

PALACE AND HIPPODROME, WARRINGTON. Managing Director......Mß. FRANK MACNA G IITEN. 7-0 TWICE NIGHTLY 9-0 MONDAY NEXT, JULY STH, 1909. REANO (The modern Svengaii) AND HIS FAMOUS BAND. GERTIE LEWIS, Male Impersonator and Dancer. THE GRANVILLES, Australian Song Illustrators. BILLY WILLIAMS, The mhin in the Velvet Suit. TIE PALACE PERFECTION PICTURES. NELLIE FARRELL, An Irish Singer of Irish Songs. BABS LLOYD, Comedienne and Dancer. MARTELLONI FAMILY OF ACROBATS. GRAND GALA MATINEE TUESDAY JULY 6111 AT 2.30. Gallery, 3d. Early Door, 4d. Pit, 6d. Early Door, 9d. Grcle, is. Early Door, is. 3d.

.31USIC IN BANK PARK. THURSDAY NEXT AT 7.15, T. J. DOWN'S MILITARY BAND.

SHAKESPEARE, THE POET, SAYS: • What's in a Name? TONGE; THE PHOTOGRAPHER, SAYS: What's in the Work? GIVE HIM A• TRIAL AND • Judge for Yourself ! H. E. TONGE, Artistic & Commercial PHOTOGRAPHER, • Tram Terminus Latchford.

HAIRCOIMINGS I made up 2/- per oz COVERLET FE I TAILS OF 1 FROM AIR FRAMES, I PURE FROM 3[6 EACH. 1 HAIR. T. S. BROWN, 3, LEECE ST. (CAR STATION), LIVERPOOL.

MRS. MELD and FAMILY desire to EXPRESS their HEARTFELT THANKS for the many kind expressions of sympathy they have received in their great bereavement. Salisbury-street, Warrington. SANITARY ALTERATIONS 13 MOONEY & C 0.,. 1 • CONTRACTORS FOR PLUMBING, DRAINING CONCRETE, FLAGGING, AND BRICKWORK. LOWEST PRICE FOR GOOD WORK. 20, WARWICK ST., LEVER ST., MANCHESTER. Tel. : 3679.

KING EDWARD'S VISIT TO WARRINGTON. FLAGS, UNION JACKS, ROYAL STANDARDS, Sco. Will be in request. All may he had from WILKINSON & CO. GOVERNMENT CONTRACTORS, SOUTH CASTLE-STREET, LIVERPOOL. INCOME TAX. If you want Reliable Assistance or Advice about your INCOME TAX- ASSESSMENT call upon or write JOSEPH DIXON, F.A.A., . 18, MARSDEN STREET, WIGAN. Income Tax Specialist.

LANCASHIRE COUNTY—ROYAL REVIEW, JULY 6TH, 1909. TO TEAM OWNERS AND OTHER ROAD USERS. I HEREBY GIVE NOTICE that the Main Roads J. over which His Majesty the King will travel on the above date will be closed to vehicular traffic as-follows : From Eccles to Irlam between ...... 4.30 p.m. & 6.0 p.m. From Irlam to Warrington between 5.0 p.m. & 6.0 p.m. From Warrington to Prescot between 5.30 p.m. & 6-45 p.m. By order, County Offices, Preston, HARCOURT E. CLARE. June 29, 1909. Clerk of the County Council.

LANGLANDS' SAILINGS TO GREENOCK AND GLASGOW. "PRINCESS LOUISE" OR OTHER STEAMER. From LIVERPOOL From GLASGOW (Clarence dock). (Berths N 0.22-28, north side) Sat. July 3rd 2 p.m. *5.25 p.m. Tues. July 6th 11,p.m. Thurs. July Bth 2 p.m. *7.10 p.m. *Train from Glasgow (Central) to Greenock (Central). SPECIAL REDUCED THROUGH TICKETS from Warrington, Widnes &c. Single, cabin Ds. 6d., Return (valid for two months) 175., Steerage, single, 6s. Special 14 days Excursion Tickets: Cabin 155., Steerage Bs. 6d., including railway fare Greenock to Glasgow, or vice versa, Single Ist class and cabin 135., 3rd class and steerage 6s. 9d.; Return (valid for two months) Ist class and cabin 19s. 6d., 3rd class and cabin 18s. 6d. M. LANGLANDS AND SONS, 14, CROSS STREET, MANCHESTER. BROWN'S BUILDINGS, EXCHANGE, LIVERPOOL.

POST OFFICE TELEGRAPHS. Pursuant to the Provisions of the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1908. XTOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that His Majesty's 1-1 Postmaster-General, having obtained the consent in that behalf of the body having the control of the Public Road between OLD TOLL BAR. CHESTER ROAD, and a point along the Tarporley Road intends to place a Telegraph over and along the said Public Road and for that purpose to erect and maintain posts in and upon the said Public Road under the powers conferred on him by the Telegraph Acts above-mentioned. H. BABINGTON SMITH, General Post Office, Secretary. 26th June, 1909.

DUBLIN ALSO ENGLISH LAKES TEDCASTLE LINE. S.S. " BLACKROCK," "CUMBRIA," "EBLANA,' and " ADELA," from SOUTH Side, NELSON DOCK, Liverpool. Every Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, to DUBLIN. Return Saloon, 10s. ; Steerage, ss. with Cheap Excursion Tickets EVERY SAILING DAY, to Bray, Wicklow Avoca, &c., and on Fridays and Saturdays to Killarney, Cork, Bundoran, Warrenpoint, &c. Fast S.S. " BLACKROCK " every Tuesday and Friday from Liverpool, and every Monday and Wednesday from Dublin. SPECIAL ROUND SEA CRUISE, per "Cumbria." Every Saturday, to Whitebaven, giving 3 days for English Lakes,thence to Dubli ,n and back to Liverpool (6 days, or within 2 months). Saloon, 205.. or including 14 meals, 425. Apply TEDCASTLE, McCORMICK At CO., LTD, Liverpool. Telegrams, "Tedcastle." relephone 975.

LIVERPOOL AND NORTH WALES DAILY SAILINGS (Sundays included). At 10.45 a.m. LA MARGUERITE (Fridays St. Tudno) for LLANDUDNO (4 hours ashore), BEAUMARIS, BANGOR. and MENAI BRIDGE, due back 7.30 p.m.' Extra Sailings 2.15 p.m. Saturdays and Mondays, for all places to MENAI BRIDGE. ISLE OF ANGLESEY TRIPS at 9.13 a.m. Sunday 27th, calling at LLANDUDNO. 9.15 a.m. HOLYHEAD TRIPS every Wednesday commencing July 7th. calling LLANDUDNO due back 8 p.m. For Fares, Bcc., apply Liverpool and North Wales Steamship Co., Ltd., T. G. Brew, Sec., 40, Chapel at., Liverpool. Tele. 5955 Central. Through Bookings Daily, from Principal Stations.

JAMES TKINSON'S GREAT vs, :MME SALE. JAMES ATKINSON has again been fortunate in securing some huge parcels of goods at the Manufacturers' Clearance Sales of Coats, Costumes, Mantles, Blouses, &c., amounting to some thousands of garments. These GOODS ARE BOUGHT for CASH at ABOUT ONE THIRD the SEASON'S PRICES and each lot has been marked at the lowest possible margin of profit with a view to a rapid clearance of the whole. Early Buyers will secure some rare pickings. Do not take our assurance of the value offered. Inspection will make our assurance doubly sure. Watch the Windows for our Special Bargain Lots. commences Wednesday Next, July 7th 7 and 11, Bridge Street Warrington.

COUNTY PALATINE OF CHESTER. THE LICENSING ACT, 1904. NOTICE AS TO SENDING IN CLAIMS TO BE TREATED AS PERSONS INTERESTED IN LICENSED PREMISES. NOIICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Compensation Authority for the above area, having decided at their Principal Meeting held oil the 17th June, 1909, and by adjournment on the 18th June, 1909, to REFUSE THE RENEWAL OF THE LICENCES of the premises specified below, all Persons CLAIMING to be interested in the said premises for the purpose of the payment of Compensation under the said Act (other than the licensees and the registered owners of the said premises) are required to send to the Compensation Authority Notice of their Clrims before the 31st day of July, 1909, for the purpose of enabling the Compensation Authority to ascerta a in manner provided by the Licensing Rules, 1904, the persons entitled to Compensation under the said Act in respect of the said premises. Notice of Claims must be given in the form annexed, and may be sent to the Clerk of the Com- pensation Authority at his Office at klorthgate-street, Chester. LICENSED PREMISES.

24—OLD PEAR TREE, 34, Beer and Cider "On " Victoria-et., Altrinoham

Registered Owners.

Dated Ist July, 3909.

(Signed) REGINALD POTTS, Clerk to the Cheshire Compensation Authority.

COUNTY PALATINE OF CHESTER. THE LICENSING ACT, 1904. NOTICE OF CLAIM TO BE TREATED AS A PERSON INTERESTED IN LICENSED PREMISES. - TO THE COMPENSATION AUTHORITY FOR THE ABOVE AREA. NTOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that 1., A.B. :of claim to be interested for the purpose of the payment of compensation under the Licensing Act, 1904,. in the licensed premises known as" "and specified below. The Particulars of my claim are as follows. (The Claimant must give full particulars of his Claim and specify any instrument or document on which he relies). LICENSED PREMISES IN RESPECT OF WHICH THE CLAIM IS MADE.

. Name and Situation of Premises. Nature of License I Licensee.

Registered Owners.

• Duttons Extraordinary success has . . attended the first days of our great . . . Summer Sale The stocks are lower, but there are still large quantities of fashionable goods that must be cleared away at greatly reduced prices. HOUSEHOLD LINENS, COSTUMES, MILLINERY, MEN'S WEAR, BAGS, and TRUNKS, CARPETS, Etc. Last week we gave a detailed description of this great sale, this week we ask you to come and inspect the genuine bargains which we offer. Now is the time when ten shillings will buy twenty shillings worth of goods. Remember we have not bought specially for this sale, the goods are our regular stock reduced. 16, 18 & 20, SANKEY ST., Warrington.

Hear records by HARRY LAUDER on CYLINDER and DISC. Records of all the popular pantomime songs, "Rainbow," "Tiny Seed of Love," "Put me upon an island," etc. Hear the wonderful New Edison Record that plays over FOUR MINUTES. NOTE ADDRESS :- 76 & 76A, RENSHAW STREET, & 271, PARK ROAD, LIVERPOOL. Tel. 56x Royal, and 431 x Royal.

- . • THE SETTLER'S IDEAL 110 Ni a" sil . '7,1• . 4.-;,,,,,. ~ r 4 ,4 .t..., ~,.• x , ..„ t ,; • J,4,, . •''' t''' --18' - A .1.4 ~ -. : ... - • 6 . Arrailgements have been made with the Shaw Savill ‘a ( , & Albion Co., The New Zealand Shipping Co. end the Pedcral-Houlder•Shire Lines, for Ia.IO.b24ILiG)EICO ."*. !I ii --7,i, • „ ]E• ALIELIE: St for 2nd and 3rl Class Passages. At the 4 present time reduced rate passages are limited to : . _ .. ,4rt-'77:242,: experienced Farmers, Farm Labourers, Shepherds and / --: , 'OP. *. „...,6,-, ' good Milkers, who, if approved, must take not less than it' ...."o„‘„,..rt £25 with them. Domestic (Women) Servants will be . - •.. '.' n. ."-• . ~ granted passages at the reduced rates subject to their Vi 2 • - • taking with them not less than £2. For application forms „„toit` . r---- ~ and further information apply to. the High Commissioner ...., -' Il' -, . ~ N , \ for New Zealand, 13, Victoria Street, London; or the '1! '1 et ./ -'\ "A,..:Z. ilt,.. : Agents in the United Kingdom of the above Shipping a. .' ' , ', . ~ • Companies. r, /4' - :'' .!?%.... —, . ',,--. . ~ . -.:., -. •• ~.-1 -.Lei. ~^ - •••••- . .. -, ....

EDISON GEM PHONAGRAPHS nnw be equipped with EDISON AMBEROL ATTACIIMENTtTopait These AM BERO L RECORDS. are the records that play complete songs hand .21 twos, Ac. arrrn gton. Largest stock of AMBBROLS in THOMAS TAYLOR, D, Warrington Talking Machire Stores, ------21-.II.PRIESTLY STREET, WARRING VON. TO LADIES! MERRY WIDOW ' COMBS, *STIJ)2I,‘, exceptional value. Th • `l-c'D WITH BEST PARISIE'NNE DIAMONDS. e bet of 3, Price As. One only, back Dress Coma, 2s. Gd. ,Satisfaction Guaranteed. Cash with order. IiLLAN V & CO., 14, CHEAPSTDE, LoNDON, E.C. Tc" COMMISSION AGENT :2g C. F. PERRY. 4-ARR ROAD NORTH, ACTON, LONDON, W. TELEPHONE, 727 P.O. Chiswick. • 'llr, TELEGRAMS, ACTONISTIC,' London. tr-)IT ACCOUNTS ON APPROVED REFERENCES. 4()tEjl• BY MAIL. BUY AND TRY -tt vEN BRITISH WONDERS OF THE WORLD --ph Reyless Metal Case Watch, 7 jewels, bitt_c4r^nbrneter balance Gent's size 15/- each. '4,, Ditto, Silver Case... 30/- tend Guaranteed for 5 years, excellent value. on made 13tiar Pipe, Push Mount... ... 1/- "VERy „ Silver Band 1/6 „ BPECI.A.f.:--Ostrich Feather, 12ins. Iretecing ; dyed to shade ... 2/6 Ladies' 6 g fitted iin. flame Walrus 8a,.. fit b,e With Purse and Smelling-bottle . o/ - - etro e plated on Nick 1e Silver 3-bottle Cruet 5/- -"ru• with order. Money returned if dis:ntisfied. ag W. H. ANGELL, CAMONIILE ST., LONDON, E.C.

andel send For full particulars On? AND FREE SAMPLE OF 13q HALL'S FEMALE i COMPOUND .4 V prieelesS 1:1 E IE 101 e. FOR THOSE SPECIAL DISEASES pectdiar to the sex. Hiply appeciated, Increasin( sales. Don't delay, send at once to THE SOLE MANUFACTURERS, 4 HALLS HYGIENE CU° ; SALFOROMANCHESTER.

HUNTER'S FURNITURE CaU & see our Model House plao Furnished COMPLETE for al J. HUNTER 6: CO , 16,18,5 e 28, St. Mary's Parsonage. Deansgate, MINeHISER. tistab. 1879

THE MOST SUCCESSFUL COOK always uses € to K,s BAKING POWDER

X:1 M A harmless and certain preventative for all the daLgerous ailments attendant on the sex AT MIDDLE AGE. Prepared from the formula of a London consulting physician. Post free, 1/:2 and 2/1U per box. VEARING & CO., Don Chambers, Paradise St., Liverpool.

RICHMOND'S DI STEMBER POWDERS FOR DOGS. TINS, 6d., I -, and 2s. each. Postage 2d. Marvellous Results: Send for Lists. J. H. RICHMOND, VETERINARY WORKS, CHORLEY,

ARTIVIC Portable Buildings. Skating Rink Experts, Mission Room 40tt. x 201 t. x 81t., £B4 erected. Week-end Cottage 20ft. x 20ft., 4 rooms £sB. ALNWICK FOUNDRY LTD., Alnwick. AGENUINE OFFER.—Best Sheffield Silver Steel Razors, hollow ground, is. 6d. post free; 2in velvet lined case 35.; strops is.—CURTIS, 71c, Kimberley Gardens, Barringgity, London.

BUY TWEEDS direct from Scotland, suit lengths from 10s. 6d., .write for patterns, free.—ScorcH rWEED Co., 65a, High st., Falkirk.

ANGLESEY.—BOARD RESIDENCE; lovely old house and grounds; fine scenery, bracing air; tennis, croquet, boating, fishing, driving.—WATTS, Llanfairpwll.

BEAUTIFUL 8 inch Linen Teueritle D'oyleys, to introduce Sale Catalogue, 10d. half doz., post free —SMITH BHos., Dept. 17, Ilkeston, Notts. BEAUTY secretsof lovely women, study your appear- ance, it pays, particulars stamped addressed envelope.—DALE'S STORES, 284, City rd., London. BE YOUR OWN BEAUTY DOCTutt, by using LA GLORIA, the wonderful skin food and tonic. Beautifies the complexion naturally, giving the bloom and charm of maidenhood. Eradicates wrinkles. One month's treatment, post free, 2s. 6d.—DAcHE Sr. Co., 187, Hampstead rd., London, N.W.

BANGOR (Ireland)-1-lawthornden Private BOARD- ING HOCrSE. Near sea, golf, park. 4s. day. Good eusine.—Mrs. KIDD.

BUXTON.—BRUNSWICK BOARDING ESTAB- LISHMENT.— Billiards. Moderate terms.— Proprietors, MISSES WRIGHT. BEAUMARIS.— LIVERPOOL ARMS HOTEL, commercial and family. Luncheons daily ou arrival of boats. Tariff on application to the PROPRIETOR, late of Manchester. Callers invited. BLACKPOOL.—VISITORS who enjoy the NORTH PIER and Mons.. Speelman's Celebrated Band should stay at the NORTH PIER PRIVATE HOTEL. Delightfully and conveniently situated on the front. Moderate Tariff. Tel. 400. BLACKPOOL Prom.— WORSLEY BOARDING ESTAB. Six private sitting-rooms,facing sea. board optional; also public apartments.—WOßSLEY, 2 and 3 Bindloss Terrace.

BOURS EMOUTH.—Spend your Holidays at Beauti- ful Bournemouth; mar sea, gardens, and links ; illustrated booklet free; south aspect.—Apply MANAGRRFSS, Coniston, Hawkwood rd., Boscowbe, Bournemouth.

COSTUAIE LUNG-MS, Is. 7d. per yard, SU-in. habit Cloth. Astounding value. Send ior Patterns. In black and all colours. 6 yards for 9s. 6d. Car. paid.— ROBINSON'S Dress Warehouse, 40 Rutland at., Leicester

DRAIN PIPES (Agricultural), moulded and Common Bricks, Terra Cotta, and Patent Partitions. Pamphlet on drainage post free.—JABEZ THOMPSON, Terra Cotta Works, Northwich.

---------- _ DOUGLAS.—Cunard Boarding House, 28, Loch Promenade, facing Bay; central ; comfortable; from ss. 6d., reduced June and September.—JAmisoN.

DRAWING PlN6.—bplendici quality, 12 in a tin, 55 per gross tins 12 tins Bd. feu Nibs per gross 2d. tins Toothpowder Is. 2d. per dozen tins. eicturial Postcards from 6s. 6d. per thousand. All post free on receipt of P.O.—BELL, PICCARD & Co., 117 E, City rd., London, E.C.

EiDISON Gem Phonograph to play the New Amberol 124 records, special attachment 15s. post free, Amberol records is. 6d.—BATES, Bookbam, Leatberhead, Surrey.

IMPERIAL International Exhibition visitors catered 1- for in parties or otherwise. 5 minutes gates. Terms moderate.—ELECTRIC REETAURA'ST AND TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 4 lA, Goldbawk rd., W. LLANDUDUO.—CRAIG ISIOR BOARDING HOUSE, Abbey rd. Lovely situation. From 30s. weekly. Particulars and guide free.

VREE TO PIANISTS.—" Hungarian Study" free on application to those interested in "Becker System."—HEINRICH S. BECKER, Raymond House, Gray's Inn, London.

GEN UINE Safety Razor 2s. 61, unobtainable else- where. H. GAYTER, 9, Parkside rd., Moss Side, Manchester.

LLANDDUDLAS, N.W.—BOARDING HOUSE, 3s. 6d. per day. 3 minutes from station and sea. —Mrs. TAYLOR, Fair View House,

GRASS Fed Lamb, Blbs. Forequarter 45., Blbs. Hind- quarter ss. Mutton, 101bs. Shoulder and Breast 45., 10lbs. Leg and Breast 4. 6d., carriage paid, parcel post.—BYFORD, Dept. 8., Butcher etc., BV-84, Cambridge rd., Kilbern, London. -

LLANDUDN O.—ORMSCLIFFE BOAR,DING HOUSE, facing sea, accommodate 140 guests; dancing, whikt drives, music, billiards. PORT BANNATYNE, ROTHESAY.—Boarding, superior; shore, magnificent sea view, garden; moderate.—CUßßlE, Pier terrace.

HOLIDAY StAtGE.—Dress Lengths at. Manufac- turer's Prices.—Send Postcard for patterns, WILLIAMS, 53, Holniesdale rd., Hampton Wick. HANDSOME Back Hair Comb, real Tortoise shell beautifully mounted with Solid Silver, Hall Marked, 25., postage paid, worth 4s.—CHESTER BROWN & C0.,12, Cherry at., Birmingham. ICE-CREAM. made easily at borne. Freezing machine 1 and Vinilla powders, 7s. 6d., full directions.— HILLMAN GANE, Claybrook Works, Hammersmith, London.

RHYL.—Sandringham PRIVATE HOTEL and Boar- jog Establishment, West Parade; close to pavilion. —Proprietress. Miss FOXALL. Tel. 74. ST. ASAPH, N. Wales.—Board Residence; country; tennis, croquet • near post and station; five miles to sea.—TALARD7, St. Asaph.

QULBY GLEN, ISLE OF MAN, Mrs. AT HERLY Cooilbane House.—Charmingly situated in its Own grounds. Every accommodation for private families. Write for terms and booklet. FLEETWOOD, Bracing and Restful.—QUEEN'S PRIVATE HOTEL and Restaurant, opposite station, steamers; early breakfasts; home comforts; good catering ; moderate charges ; dinner daily 12 to 2.15.fr0m Is. ; teas from 6d.; electric light; good beds; tariff ss. ; C.T.C.—Capt.TURNBULL, Proprietor.

LACE lrom Looms, is. parcel, 2s. 6d. parcel, grand value, Loom Co., Pilchergate, Nottingham. .ADIES' or GEN beautiful 9-ct. Government „stamped SIGNETS.—Send size and 3s. 9d. with order.—DUNSCOMBE, 164 Antrobus rd., Handsworth Birmingham.

LOVELY Picture Portraits, life size, Beautifully finished in delicate Sepia Colour, copied any photo, carriage paid 6s. 6d.—Money gladly returned if dissatigled.—MoNCAß-SELLEN,London rd., Leigh-on-Sea

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMTIED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL ALSO AT 70, & 71, EUSTON SQUARE. • HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE'.

%j IJSIUAL TUBE.—Set of 13 j.l-inch diameter iYJ Chromatic bcale Cto C, beautiful tone, uickle plated, .C 3 WALDes, Crewkerne, Somerset. GNEVER-TEAR' Surgical Male ?ouches. '2s. 6d doz., post free.—BESA.NT, Glenlea; North rd., Barkingside. - •

SOUTH PORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL STREET. , ESTIMATES GIVEN. CHOIR. PARTIES, PICNICS &C., TESTIMONIALS FROM ALMOST EVERY TOWN IN LANCASHIRE. Telephone 0465. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN.

NOITINGHAM. LACE. Splendid Fancy Lace for Trimming, is. parcel, carriage paid.—HOHNE AND Co., Caythorpe, Lowdharn, Nottingham. OLD POSTAGE S I'AMPS and LOLLECrIO.NS Bought.—LEWlS MAY & Co., 15, King William at., Strand.

11,1 ICTURE POSICARD:", assorted, 3s. per gross; sample dozen for 4d. post free.—Send P.O. to BELL, PICCARD & CO., 117 b, City,rd., London, E.C. PlANO.—Massive new oversirung upright grand piano for sale privately ; worth 55 guineas, take 20 guineas. Cash wanted.—Addressl,Lower Dalian' Lane. PIAN° ON SALE.--z 4 lus. Second-band; panel' front, sconces, powerful tone, in splendid order.— 41, BUTTBRMARKET ST., Warrington.

APARTMENTS, seat view, mountain air, well furnished; best scenery North Wales.—THomAs Penhafodlas, Llanrug.

ANGLESEY.—APARTMENTS or Board. House on front. close pier, boating, fishing.—RoßEßTs, Glanydon, Menai Bridge.

ABERYSTWYTH.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, near sea and station; bath (h. and c.)—Mrs. BENNETT, Stitty, Brewer st.

A SHBOU NE, Dovedale.—White Lion Hotel. Private SITTING-ROOM, with one or two bedroorns.—Mrs. READ, Proprietress.

R- - - - AZORS.—Best Sheffield liollowground Razor 2s. only; two years guarantee. Write for catalogue. FtNGL BROS.;rOOi & Cutlery Manufacturers,Altri ticnain, SECOND-HAND PIANO FOR SALE, 700 ayes, Ivory keys'—Apply T. OULTON, 7, Kendrick st., Warrington.

APARTMENTS, with board, 3s. per day inclusive; beautiful scenery, canal fishing.—Apply Mrs. SHARPE, Spring Field, Holme, Carnforth. ABERYSTWYTH. APARTMEN7 S, healthily situated ; close Castle Gate, S. M. terrace and beach.—HUGHES, Bodarfor, Sea View place.

SUMMEtt Sketching Classes directed by G.T. Sheard, Academy and Salon Exhibitor; for information write Miss REYNOLDS, 242. Kew rd, London. W. SELL PORTRAIT ENLARGEMENTS and earn money in spare time; wholesale prices per return.—FREDERICKS, 8, hush Lane, Cannon at,, London, E.C.

ABERYSTWYTH.—Comfortable APARTMENTS near sea and Castle Grounds ; moderate terms ; piano.—Miss RICHARDS, Llys Neiflon, High at. ABBRMULE, Montgomeryshire.—Beautirul country close to river Severn and station. Horse and trap for dlives. Children taken alone. Very moderate terms.—LEwis, The Mill, Abermule. ISPHAM.— Splendid sea view, comfortable well- -1-0 furnished APARTMENTS; public and private; pianos; close to tram.—Mrs. SIDWAY, Cliff view, Red Bank rd.

TROUSER PRESSER, perfect condition, cost 21s. ; carriage paid, 7s. 6d.—COA.TES, 48, Beversbrook rd, London.

IPHE LONDON LITERARY SYNDICATE, places 1 Novels, Stories,. Articles,. Drawings. —4O S ACKVILLE ST., W.

MARTAROL FOR THE TEETH.—Keep the mouth fragrant and the teeth free from tartar. Dainty box post free 7d.—TARTAROL Co., Dept. D., 235.

UXFON.—bupertor private APAIUMBNTS ; near Baths and Gardens; good cooking.—E..26,Bath rd. IRLACKPOUL.—APAHTMENTS ; is. each per night —Mrs. GARNETT, 68, Erdington rd., off Cential Drive.

riIYPEWRIIER CARBONS, btc., at I.raue I'la:es • 1. First-class Goods.—Price list from AIILIFF, 20, St. George's Mansions, Red Lion sq., London, W.C.

M RAN SPAREN T GLYCERINE SOAP, price 6d.,seut -11- post tree to any address; postal order • stamps not accepted.—THOMAS ROBERTS, General derchant, Acrefair, Ruabon. /110 BE SOLO, a DINING-ROOM SUITE in oak, made by G. M. Greenhalgh, also some pictures by G. Sheffield.—To be seen at WKBSTER'S, 28 Butter- market st., Warrington. TO all Wesleyan and" General Agents.—Have you an interest in your book, if not, why not ?-14ull particulars write A. PARKINSON, 20 Brooke Avenue, Levenshulme, Manchester. (11RANSLArEll French Novels (some illustrated). -a- Actresses' Photos. Catalogue from is. with samples, letter postage 2d.—Apply G. ARTHUR, 6, Passage Grana, Monte Carlo. 11111-1 k; `IXI ' Spring Frame Apron ; a real boon to a 1 busy woman ;on and off in a second, and no pins, buttons, or strings required ; everyone delighted. ASK your draper or write Messrs. ALLEN KNIGHT, 56 Moor- gate st., Lonoon, E.C. riio CHINA and Earthenware Dealers. For £3 we send you a good assorted crate of China and Earthenware seconds. Cheapest and best value in the trade.—Address DEWES AND COPESTAKE, Viaduct Works, Longton, Staffs.

BLACKPOOL.—Mrs. BRIERLEY, 3, Lord st. Good beds 2s. per night; board 4s. 6d.; close T.R, station.

B LACKPOOL.—PubIic and private APARTMENTS. Near sea, station, amusements.—Mrs. F. SMITH, 94, Albert rd.

I_)LACKPOOL (Central).—Comfortable Apartments; every borne comfort.--AIrs.WILSON, Alpine Villa, 91, Hornby rd.

BLACKPOOL.—Near Central Station sea and all amusements. Terms moderate.—Mrs. CAYTON, 15, Vance rd.

BLACKPOOL.—APARTMENTS, sea view, two persons, 25., no extras. Central.—Mrs. HULME Altona House, 4a, York st.

BLACKPOOL.—Superior ROOMS; close to pier sea, station; public or private.—Mrs. DIXON, 23, Witbnell rd., S. Shore.

10PI LACKFOOL (North Shore).—Cornfortable APART- MEN TS ; near sea and Talbot rd.; bath and piano.—Mrs. WEETMAN, 42, Cocker at. BLACKPOOL.—Home Comforts. Beds is. each person ; minute sea and Central Station; piano. —Mrs. INIULLINEUX, 104, Coronation st. BISPHAM, Blackpool.—Public and Private APARi- MENTS ; one minute sea and tram.—Mrs. BRITTAIN. Sunny Dena. 34, Hesketh avenue.

WONDERS, Secrets and Mysteries. Everyone should possess this remarkable book. Send is. Id. at once to R. SAMUEL, lO9, Priory-street, Colchester.

WArEK CASKS, all sizes, low prices.—Apply, GILBERT AND JOHN GREENALL, LIMITED, the Distillery, Bridge st., Warrington.

10,000 iwdis(iestalrdi.oyrdw.LteurtwErtilisSEnweEeLtL,ingu,72in: C) PILLOW CASES, frilled or plain, and 1 bolster te case for 2s. 3d. the set, car. paid. Money returned if not satified.-7-E. FLINT AND CO., Romiley, Cheshire

BLACKPOOL.—Public and Private APARTMENTS, reasonable terms.—Mrs. YATES, Sandycroft, Commercial at., Promenade, South Shore. 11111 LACKPOOL, S.S.—APARTMENTS. Public; private; sea view; 2s. two ' • board optional; bath ; pianos.—Buowirrr, 23, Alexandra rd. BLACKPOOL.—APARTMENTS to Let, near sea and trams; terms moderate.—Mrs. SPIBY, Croston House, 28, Princess st., Blackpool. ISPHAM, near Blackpool.—Comtortable APART- -LP MENTS, near sea. Piano. Terms moderate.— Mrs. HAMPSON, 23. Norwood Place.

500 SWlTelib: of Hair, worth ss. 6d. each, 17in long, sent receipt P.O. 2s. Gd. and pattern for coIour.—PREsLAND, Hairdealer, Darlington.

S. PIANO TUTOR, 10d. ; £1 Parcel of Good Music, 0 is. 3d.; Violin, Bow, and Case, .14s. 6d. Cash urgent, —COOPER, 165 Junction rd., Upper Holloway, London.

CHINA. SPLENDID PERFECT SERVICES, 21s.—Dinner, t.J Tea, Breakfast, Toilet,Trinket, 3 Jugs and a Teapot. The lot 21s. Safe delivery guaranteed. Every kind of China stocked. Catalogues free.—VmENT POTTERY Co., Dept. 1 Burslern.

BLACKPOOL.—Near Central Station, Sea and Amusements ; 2s. per bed (two persons).—Misses THOMPSON, Sunny bank, 14, Charnley rd. BUXTON.—APARTMENTS, Farmhouse, in Peak of Derbyshire, with rabbit shooting.—HENßY ABELL, in Grange, Hartington.

eO22IST AND eOUNTRY.—Where to Stay.

Apartments, Furnished Houses, &c BLACKPOOL.—HOME from HOME.—Public and private Apartments, with or without board Terms for one or two persons, 2s. per night. Sea view Mrs. BLACKER, 58, Tyldesle y rd.

BLACKPOOL.—Home! rom home. Terms Is. each person. Piano.—Mrs. SIXSALITH, 17 Hornby rd (Central).

Vie LACKPOOL.-Is. per night, each person; Mrs. Cpwrts, 7, Edward st., near Talbot rd. BLACKPOOL.—North Shore—Superior Apartments; sea view.—Mrs. AIREY, 3, Banks at., near Hotel Metropole. IT* LACKPOOL.—Private, public, or Board; bed 2s. for two persons; one minute sea.—Mrs.GRATTIDGE, 5, Lonsdale rd.

BLACKPOOL.—APARTMENTS, batii, piano. Near Central Station.—Misses EMBLEY (from Roch- dale). 98, Palatine rd.

BUXTON.—Comfortable APAR PMENTS, station 8 minutes; terms moderate.—Mrs. ROBINSON, Ivy Leigh, 65, Fairfield rd.

BLACKPOOL.—Public or Private APARTMENTS. Board optional.—Mrs. DUIVNICLIFFE, 2, Imperial terrace, Promenade, North.

LACKPOOL.—HomeIy APARTMENTS, with or without board; near sea, amusements.—Mrs. MYCOCK. 90, Egerton rd North. 111 PI LACKPOOL.—APARTMENTS, with or without board; home comforts; fires; central.—DANIELS, 2 Sheppard St., off Adelaide at. 101% ARMOUTH.-1 sitting,2 bedrooms, close to stati on, beach, and bathing; terms moderate.—Mrs. THOMAS," Refuge "Park rd.

BL ACK POOL.—Superior APARTMENTS, con- veniently situated ; reduced terms for period.- 37, ALEXANDRA RD., Promenade.

LACKPOOL.—Farmhouse APARTMENTS near Bispbam station; two bedrooms, sitting-room.— Mrs. BUTLER, Lees Farm, Warbreek.

11LACKPOOL.—Comfortab1e APARTMENTS, with -1-5 Or without board; piano.—Mrs. BEDFORD, 8, Nibbler rd, near Central Station. BRIDLINGTON.—APARTMENTS near sea and -LP spa; bath ; piano.—Miss Boocom, Littlemoor House. Richmond St. Stamp reply. BLACKPOOL.—Near Central Station, sea and amusements. Well-aired beds. Stamp.—Mrs. WADDINGTON, 66, Albert rd. (late 54.)

BLACKPOOL, N.S.—Public and Private APART- MENTS, near sea and tram.—Mrs. BURGESS (from Huddersfield), 55, Cheltenham rd. BLACKPOOL.—Bed and Breakfast, 2s. 6d. each; bed and attendance, 2s. two persons.—Mrs. SHAW, 64 Central Drive, and 8, Charnley rd. Stamp.

BLACKPOOL—HomeIy public and private APART- -UP MENTS ; good cooking; third door from the sea.—Mrs. CARTLEDGE, s,Wellington rd.

BLACKPOOL.—Superior APARTMENTS. Every home comfort. Close to church and Talbot rd. Station.—Mrs.PENDLEBURY, 7,Topping st.,North Shore.

BLACKPOOL.—APARTMENTS, with or without board, Is. each, bed. Central. Accommodation Cyclists.—Mrs. HoW A RTH, Glenroyd, 109, Hornby rd. BLACKPOOL—Comfortable homely APARTMENTS close sea and central station. is, each person, day and night inclusive.—Mrs. EDWIN SMITH, Rose Villa, 27 Yorkshire st. 104RIGHTON.—SPLENDID RESIDENCE overlook- unrlvalled sea front; 11 bedrooms; well.fur- nished ; ten guineas ; unfurnished £l6O. Others £26 to £llo.—YouNos, Auctioneers, Second Avenue, Brighton BLACKPOOL.—APARTMENTS with or without board ; bed, cooking and attendance 2s. two persons; piano.—Mrs. M. SHARPE, 41, Topping St., off Church at., three minutes from Talbot rd. Station.

nLACKPOOL, South 'Sbore.—Reliable At'ART- MENTS, Private or Public; close to promenade , sea view; reasonable.—Mrs. WARD, Sunny Bank, 4 Woodfield rd. Established nine years. BLACKPOOL-Is. each or 2s. bed for two persons, cooking, attendance inclusive; good accommoda- tion for cycles; piano.—Mrs. STUBBS 28, Keswick rd., off Central Drive.

BLACKPOOL.—OneminuteTalnot rd Station, North pier. APARTMENTS ls. a day, boarders 9s. also private sitting-room; cycle accommodation.— Mrs. EDGF, 2, Lord at.

ITILACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, ; with board, 4s. per day each person; private sitting-room; near Talbot rd. Station, sea, amusements —Mrs. PRICE, 25 Lord at.

BBLACKPOOL.—Ideal holiday home; near Central Station and sea; public and private APART- MENTS; piano; comfort guaranteed.—Mrs. HANSON, 28, Charnley-rd. (off Coroyrition at.) CIOLWYN BAY.—Private APARTMENTS with or without board. Terms very moderate.—THE HARLECH CAFE.

COLWYN BAY.—Furnished Unfurnished Houses, Apartments. Send stamp and requirements.— MELLOR and ALLEN.

(-10UNTRY APARTMENTS in the Bronte district.— Particulars, Mrs. DIXON, Laverick Hall Farm, Oakworth, Keighley.

CO LW YN BAY.—Comfortable APARTMENTS; near sea: and station, central.—Mrs. CLEGG, Briar- wood, Hawarden rd.

COLWYN BAY.—Superior APARTMENTS, central position; terms moderate; private and public.— Mrs. Ross, Carrington, Abergele rd.

CONWAY, N. Wales.—Comfortable APARTMENTS with or without board ; near Castle and Station.— ARROW SMITH, Bryn Aled, Woodlands. PLEETHORPES . —Comfortable APARTMENTS, 1 min. sea and station; terms moderate.—Miss BR AILSFORD. Glen Devon, Yana rd. COLWYN BAY. Comfortable APARTMENTS, close to sea and woods. Every convenience. Terms moderate.—GRIFFITHS, The Hazels, Hawarden rd.

HEYSHAM. near Morecambe.—TO LET, Furnished a large FARMHOUSE; modern conveniences; or comfortable Furnished Apartments, cooking and attendance; two miles to station, near sea; carriages kept ; motor shed ; elevated, bracing open situation.— DEMPSTER, Daisy Bank Farm.

KNOT END, Fleetwood.—Public and privata APARTMENTS, facing sea ; bath.—Mrs SINGLETON, Kimberley House.

LL.YTHAM.—Near station and set"; home from home; bath : piano.—Mrs. EDMONDSON, 48, Westby at.

T_LANDUDNO.—Comfortable, clean Cottage APART MENTS ; sea, pier.—Miss ROBERTS, Rosa Cottage, Cwlach St.

C RI UCIETH, N. Wales.—Furnished Aettit I MEN'I comfortable,moderate terms, facing sea and castle; splendid scenery. Healthy resort.—Miss RICHARDS. "Belleview."

CIARNARVON.—Furnished HOUSE, 3 sitting, 4 bedtooms, bathroom (h. and 0. water); kitchen garden; fishing near, railway station 5 minutes, near Snowdon ; August.—Linyis, Brynteg, Waenfawr, Carnarvon.

LL.YTHAM.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, large airy rooms.' good cooking; terms moderate.—Mrs. RUSSELL," Ellerslie," Central Beach.

LLANDUDNO. Comfortable APARTMENTS; terms 25.. Gd. per night; close shore and links.— ROBERTS, lona Villa, Maelgwyn terrace. JAKE DlSTRlCT.—Ambleside.—Apartments ; good AA view ; cycle accommodation ; 3 sitting-rooms, 8 bedrooms.—Mawrni, Kelsick House.

LLAN FAIR FECH AN N. WALES.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, close to sea and station.-.-Mrs. THOMAS, Island View.

LLANDUDNO.—Comfortuble and homely APART- MENTS ; terms moderate; conveniently situated JONES, Prescot House, Craig-y-Lion.

LLANDRINDOD WELLS.—Comfortable furnished APARTMENTS, south aspect, overlooking Rock Park and Spa.—Mrs. WHITNEY, Has Dinam. LLANGOLLEN. Comfortable APARTMENTS, Lovely mountain and river, scenery, bracing air. terms moderate.—JONES, Coedfryn, Birch Hill. LLANDUDNO and NORTH WALES COAST:—For Furnished and Unfurnished Houses.—Apply M. RYAN, Estate Agent and Auctioner, Llandudno. LLANFAIRFECHAN.—Furnished HOUSE TO BE LET, Jigy-August, or one, 3 sitting, 5 bedrooms; bath ; garden; near sea and bathing; golf.—Apply SMITH, Gwynedd.

LONDON.—Superior APARTMENTS for Visitor by day or week; moderate terms; board optional; quiet; central.—Write requirements, MAYA G ERESS, 41, Bernard at., Russell square.

IVORICAMBE, W.E.—Splendid sea view, near pier.— AIISS WALKER, Levens House, 37, West End rd. ANORECA-MBE.—PRIVATE sitting-room, 2 bed- IVA rooms.—Mrs.FoßTUNE, Sefton, Morecambe, W.E.

IV-I-t ORECAMBE, W.E.—Publio and Private APART- MENTS, 66, Clarendon rd.—Misses WALKER AND No RRIS.

VfORECANIBE, W.E.—Private and Public APART- iYL ; near prom., pier, and trams.—DAwsoN St lisbury at. Stainy. MORECAMBE.—APARTMENTS. Beds 2s. Full. board 255. per week. Good cooking.—NEWELL, 35, Clarendon-road, W.E.

TAOUGLAS.—Bed, breakfast and tea Ss. Beds from Is. 6d. to 28.— HEYWOOD, Oldham House, 19, Peel rd.

D OUGLAS, I.o.M.—Comtortable and Homely APARTMENTS; terms moderate.—Miss DYSON, 24, Berkeley at. DOUGLAS.—APARTMENTS. with or without board. Terms moderate.—Mrs. GREEN, 12, Leigh Terrace, Castletown rd.

DUNOON.—Ardentinny Cottage, King st.—APART- MENTS with attendance; terms moderate; garden.—PATERSON.

MURECAIVII3E, W.E.—Close to sands and amuse- ments visitors will find clean and comfortable APARTMENTS at Miss SMALLEY's, Sea View Parade. MO It EC AMBE.—Comtortable APARTMENTS. central; near sea.—Misses MARSDEN & HILL Myrtle House, 13, Skipton st. MORECAMBE.-16—LET, well-turniihed VILLA, stable, garage, bath, pianoforte.—Apply, SCOTT, Greta Bank, Morecambe, W.E.

AXORECAMBE.--First-class old-established CON- .OI FECTIONERY Business for Disposal; good house, level bakehouse, splendidly-fitted shop; best reasons for leaving.—For full particulars send stamp, Cour,ThunsT, Auctioneer, Victoria st.. Morecambe.

INTEW -BRIGHTON .—Superior APARTMENTS select part; convenient to shore and Promenade.— " ROSTELLANt" St. James's rd.

MEW BRlGHTON.—Superior APARTMENTS. with -LA or without board. Terms moderate.—Apply Mrs. CorroN, 40, Tollernache at. (11 doors from Promenade). Telephone 861 Liscard.

MANNERCH, MOLD.—APARTMENTS, one or two L 1 • bedrooms and sitting-room ; half mile from gaton; beautifully situated; mountain air; terms moderate.—EvAtis, Pentard-dydwt.

IVEAR Mold, N.W.—BOARD or APARTMENTS in country residence; dining, drawing, 2 sitting, 6 bed rooms; illustrated booklet, with terms, on application.—NEWTON, Bod Derwen. XTEW BRIGHION.—APARTMENTS, public or 11 private; close promenade, station and pier • home comforts; with or without board; piano, bath, Mrs. BATES, BATES, 27 Grosvenor rd. (ALD COLWYN.—HomeIy APARTMENTS ,• N 3 minutes sea and station.—Mrs. JONES, Brynadda, Church-walks. IDIRESTATYN.—Furnished, Unfurnished Bungalows Houses, Land, Let or Sale; stamp.—INGLEFIELD, Agent Prestatyn.

DOUGLAS.—Two minutes from shore; terms moderate; cable cars pass street.—Mrs. BRIDSON, Ivy Dene, 1, Christian rd. DOUGLAS.—Mrs. CHRISTIE, Ma feking House, Hutchinson Square, Broadway, close prom. With or without board: beds (2 per.) 2s.

DOUGLAS.—Dodsworth's Boarding House, Queen's promenade facing sea, southern aspect; liberal table; terms ss. 611. per day.--W. Dopswowrii,Proprietor DOUGLAS.—APARTMENTS, with or without 'board; overlooking bay; full board 55.; tea, bed, breakfast 38. 6d.; beds 2s.—Mrs. KELLY, Seamount, Palace rd.

DOUGLAS.—APARTMENTS, two minutes from promenade. Beds 2s. per night,. 'ea, bed and breakfast 3s. 6d.—Miss NETTLE, Leighton House, 9, Clifton Terrace. Broad W7I y.

VRBISTOCK.—APARTMENTS to Let; pleasant -I2A fishing, &c.—Apply ROBERTS, Groves, Erbistock, Rnabon.

ENBURGH.—Combined room to let. Piano. No children preferred. Moderate.—LoGAN,l3, Parson's Green Terrace.

FARMHOUSE APARTMENTS, within half-mile o moors and railway station.—DAviEs,Lianerchrugog Hall, Rhos, near Ruabon.

GR A S SIN GTO N (Wharfedale).—Comfortable APARTMENTS or let furnished (G rooms), extensive outlook ; refreshments provided.—Mrs. LUCAS, Weet View.

HOLYWELL (PANTASAPH).—Comfortable sitting and double-bedded room for summer months.— EVANS, Hoe Farm.

PPORTRUSH.—APARTMENTS with or without board; uninterrupted sea view ; terms strictly moderate.—Mrs. McKENNA, Hazel Restaurant. PENTRE RUABON, N. WaIes.—SITTING-ROOM and BEDROOM, furnished; situated in large gardens ; one minute from G.-W. Railway Station.— Mrs. WILLIAMS, Whithurst Halt, Pentre, Ruahon, RHYL.—APARTMENTS facing sea; one minute from New Pavilion Gardens and Rink.—Even, 5. Edward Henry at.

II OLYHEAD.—Two bedrooms, one sitting-room to let. Near beach and station. Terms moderate.— WILLIAMS, SU, Maeshyfryd rd. ILFRACOMBE.—ideaI Holiday Resort. Beat—tH—Tri Illustrated Guide Free.—Apply TOWN CLERK (Post 2d.)

II AMSEY.—Pleasant APARTMENTS, two minutes Queen's pier. Good cooking. Terms moderate. —Mrs. GIBBONS, Oakley, Ballure rd.

ROTHESAY, Scotland.—Private APARTMENI'S, comfortable ; moderate. Special terms to parties —Mrs. PINKERTON, Concord Villa, Columsbill st.

RHYL (best part).—Close to sea, pavilion, gardens ; every comfort, thorough cleanliness, good whole- some food ; terms 355. per week.—MELBOURNE BOARDING HOUSE, Palace Avenue.

RAMSEY, Isle Of Man.—Stratford House Queen's Drive. APARTMENTS or Board; public or private rooms; bath ; piano. Two minutes from pier, tram and skating rink. Terms moderate.—Apply Mrs. CLEATOR.

RHYL.—Superior APpTMENTS, central, close to sea, pavilion and amusements: bath; good cook- ing moderate.—Mrs. K&NNEDN, River at. SOUTHSEA.—Bright sitting, two bedrooms, bath close new pier and cars.-53, SAXE-WEIMAR RD. SOUTHPORT.—Misses LEES, with large well- appointed house, have rooms to let.-5, Knowsley rd., Promenade.

SCARBOROUGH.—Sitting-room, four bedrooms; close to trams, station; terms moderate.-139, VICTORIA RD.

ST. AN NES-ON-SEA.—Large pleasant Room and Bedroom, suit friends; other beds.— 16, NORTH CRESCENT.

SOUTHPORT.—Superior Public and Private APART- MENTS; near station and pier.—Mrs. BOOTH, 15, Avondale rd.

QT. ANNES•ON-SEA.—Publie and Private APART- MENTS; piano, bath.—Mrs. J. TRUSCOTT, 4, St. Alban's rd.

SOUTHPORT.—APARTMENTS, double bed and private sitting-room, 3s. 6d. day; good cooking.- 10, WILLOW GROVE.

Apartments, Furnished Houses, it 6 OUTHPORT.—APARTMENTS, public and privi,,t.,;;, near pier, boulevards, and skating halls .-111.. PROUDFOOT, 62, Bath at. "c-rsecr Q UNNY PAIGNTON, DEVON.—For furplsto H ouses,A PA RTMEN y HELSON, Pale - Estate Office. Guides Free. QT. ANNES-ON-THE-SEA.-,-Comfortable APA,rO, K. 7 MENTS, central, near sea and station .-11 HARRISON, 8, Springfield rd. S O U T H P O R T . —S u p e r i o r APARTMEN Pal,l private, facing the sea ; every convenience.--, HEMINGwAY, 40, Promenade. • teai SOUTHPORT.—APARTMENTS pleasantly sqaB near band and promenade; 2s. per night ; Plan°. Mrs. MoNKMAN, 33, Avondale rd. OUTHPORT.—Comfortable APARTMENTS Board-Residence,near to Promenade and Lo rdd 0 moderate terms.-24, SEA BANK RD. SCARBOROUGH. Comfortable APARTME":„k with attendance. Central. is. per night person.—Miss SMITH, 141, Victoria rd. QOUTHPORT.—CIean, comfortable APARTME-40 1,7 close to two stations. Good beds 2s• nigbt, persons.—RlMMEß, 98, Kensington rd. S SCA RB 0R 0' .—Comfortable APART:IIEN: -111P- moderate; near North Side; piano.—' CRAWSHAW, 35,Mnyville Avenue, Dean rd. QCARBOROUGH.—Superior APARTMENTS, ki or private; good cooking; highest refereoev:,, reasonable charges.—Mrs. COLLINGwooD, 5, Gordoc".7 SOUTHPOR T.—Comfortable Homely A site MENTS, central for amusements. OPPavo, excursion platform. is. each person. —Mrs. Crugr 9, Derby rd. p 41t1.- S" ANNES-ON-SEA.—Public or Private A- 'A • MENTS; board optional ; bath and P,lalt;ijloy minutes from station.—Mr. STEEDEN, Tinge wick St.Albart's rd. EASCALE, Cumberland —Furnished COTTALP-' sto kitcb LET, Sittingroom and three bedrooms, and out-kitchen; three minutes from station S ead g° LoWERY, 1, Coveness Bank. rpHE POPULAR HOLIDAY .CAMP.—Lucas's„ 1- breck Camp, Blackpool.—CAMP 'NEWS, " particulars, post free. VALE OF CLWYD.—Ten-roomed HOUte or APARTMENTS; modern convenience° LtoYD,Tyny Caean,Llangwyfen, Trefnont, VALE OF CONWAY,North Wales.-APART two sitting-rooms, four bedrooms.—JONES, Grove, Llanrwst. ;hire' WEST MOUNT, Egremount Promenade, di —Furnished APARTMENTS; nicelysituBte facing the sea ; near ferries and car. to- WALLASEY, Cheshire.—APARTMENTS or %jogs highly recommended ; two minutes 0511400 golf links; five minutes shore; bath, piano.--J°' GOLFSrDE.

Houses and Land on Salfi_k/e 001 LAND FOR SALE, Freehold or Leasehold, °I) "j! terms, in Latchford. Grappenhall and Fearnbetibelor Apply E. ENGLAND, Corporation S. Chto Warrington. KNIITSFORD ROAD, • near Warrington Bricli,g,„-t.O, ON SALE FIVE lIOUSES, (corner 'Wel' suitable fcr shop), front gardens, back land. or tenanted.—Address Box B.L. " Examiner "O' rington.

„ gricuhriral Produce, Plantsj, 'VIOLETS, sweet-scented, single, 25 plants is. V paid.—LENNARD, Aldham, nr Iladleigh,

Eggs, Poultry. Etc fofitio EGGS and strong Chickens from pure stock. ILA paper.—Mrs. O'DELL, Hose. Melton Moccre, ERG in your bath immediately relieves and cgigiO Gout, Rheumatism, Eczemo.—Sent free, 18 starD COOPER, 117. Plimsoll rd., London, N. --Or LIDO 11 LTR, Y and PIG FEEDING made PROFII3,PS 1 by using CELEBRATED FEEDING lOE' 401 75.6 d. and 10s. per sack of 180Ibs., sacks free, 0,1.'011 paid within 22 miles radius of Manchester; ce5u.,400 order.—PrLoT CATTLE FOOD COMPANY 11, Char st., Hulme, Manchester. FEROVA DRY- CHICK FE' Rears from the Shell. The Best on the MorAt. Editor of Poultry ' says It is PERFECTIuI OF ALL CORN DEALERS, GROCERS Wholesale only of NEWTH, GUVMER & CO.. BEINEDERY ROAD, LONDON, S.E. MAKE YOUR HATS FASHIONABa'/

Matrimony. ATRIMONY.—For Genuine Introduction,' hi:re! 1 or Gentlemen reasonable • stamp ; anr" Cor,r,ixs, 3 July rd.. Liverpool. MATRIMONIAL GAZETTR.—Best Intr"duetO° Medium. In plain sealed envelope, 3d.--- ECCLESITALL RD., Sheffield. 111 PI URTON'S MATRIMONIAL and CORRO-nect- ING BUREAU • all classes suited : Pres' nd lists two stamps.-11, BURR ST., Dunstable...oo/ Educat QinACRE, Cceur Convent, Hal, Brussels, 13°„3i,e k7School for Young Ladies, £2O yearly, ask SOUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL.—AN 045 SCHOOL FOR BOYS. Languages, Sci ' encd,o' Commercial Subjects Swimming, Gymnastic%.iergo Company. Staff includes 8.A., M.So , F.C.V., o',o-ect'" Academie, &c. Foreign pupils received. 1"1.°"A , o ' rom HEADMASTER. MR. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.M., Protesrool, Music, Organist and Choirmaster of ,S,atN• 0,4,00 Church, PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, COUNTERPOINT, MUSICAL FORM. UPwer— tbriet, I Certificates and Prizes gained by Pupils. Large 01)" manual Organ for pupil's practice.—For 134, LOVELY LANE and LEGH ST.. Warrington. ,s,'„ MARPLE HIGH SCHOOL, CHES2I:I;on Principals: The Misses RICHARDSON, 13,1gpitti°01; School for Girls and Young Boys; thorough ealts"r_fp pupils prepared for external examination if "Itioim:r, special advantages offered in Music and fa Languages, Beautiful country situation. Bre° Boarders received.

• Horses, Carriages, Live 114 voR SALE, two GOVERNESS CARS to su;t 1 .112 13 hands ponies; very cheap.-32, AVENUE, Crewe. ilfj4 ,41/' VOR SALE.—Smart STANH 10vi•,-O OPE PH v -11: Spring Cart.—W. SIMPSON AND Col Walkden, near Manchester. e 5 SHORTHORN CALVES. 11 j 01 01 ARAI ERS requiring the very best Shorthoro Bulls or Heifers, for rearing purposeo, send at once for price list and particulars :°O/ BRIGGS GILL, Bark Hill, Whitchurch, Salop.

Partnerships, Businessof DO YOU WANT TO SELL your Business ?di consult Mr. COWDELL, Business Agent, Warring ton. g so) • £55 CAPITAL, Garston, MILK ROn- fdo.ord, ore Dandy, selling 100 gallons weeklY, P good living for an energetic man.—CooxEis at., Liverpool. ineff M 0); ILK.—Genuine old-established Liverpool d handling 890 gallons weekly wholesale besides other Dairy produce. Price £2OO, i'1.,6010017 turnouts, gas engine, Dairy plant and • COOKE'S, 11, Hope st., Liverpool. MORECAMBE.—BUTCHER'S, Confectionere. al0 oe, Tea Rooms, Cafe and Restaurant., Toll 11094 Small Grocer's, 2 Company Houses, Coral:on-1,411;0re; l Blackpool, all these businesses are genuine, of strictest investigation. In the busiest parts cambet owners retiring. Immediate posseosls:ook? requiring businesses, houses, Scc., should .tamped envelope to Mr. JOHN HOLLA.ND, Morecambe.

Machinery etc. Prt SALE, two Riley's Screw Filling Machines, one •reen" Hay Cutter and two gas engines,l2 and 7 h.p. 13'. No reasonable offer refused.—W. SimPsoN Walkden, nr. Manchester. PATENTS. 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. GEO. DAVIES & SON, CHARTERED PATENT AGENTS. ESTABLISHED rs 1835. SELP-lIELP TO NEW PATENT LAW. PRICE 6D. .C°LONIAL S; FOREIGN PATENT LAWS. PRICE is.

- Wanted. ANTANTtD.—District agent (lady), .C 2 weekly and Iv; bmios.—MEAD. 21. Ruskin Avenue, East Ham. yv ANTED immediately an Old Embroidered Muslin Collar and Dress:—ACTON, 10a. East sr...Brighton. AGEN i's wanted, call farmers, horsedenlers, markets satoPles 9d., la. Gd. commission.—CAMPBELL, 30 lk in Bt., Ayr. tIA DAY.—Be your own master, in an, locality ; 44, Is. for plan and particulars.—CAMEßoN, 3, Liverpool. 11" E-EMPLOYMENT.---Genuine, indoor, writing Ilradf "19.—Write, enclosing stamp, THOMAS, 11, rd, soUthsea* IiEELWRIG HT, 26, all round, private or estate, tio, take Charge.—Box 6692, SHARROW & THATCHER. e. London. -1, POR EMPLOYMENT offered either sex, good ,t3c—Particulars, stamped envelope.—EDWAßDS W(1 Town, Clapham, London. ANTE D.—Ladies' Hair Combings, any colour,best pee, cash value remitted by return.—.SMlTH, 124 Stoke Newington, London, N. AMRRING Man and Wife (teetotalers) no children ttiontia of their own, are willing to adopt child 3to 12 Oak er, „, St. .-, Miles, Norwich. VOO per Year earned by learning Portrait Retouching. tect Ladies and gents. Stamped envelope for pros- Netherwood rd., London, W. VV ANTED 4,000 Farmhands for New South Wales te,ti Australia. assisted passages,employment guFan- i------ETHELL; GWYN & Co.. Baldwin at.. Bristol 4.N13,,,,°°R, EMPLOYMENT offered either sex, good 14, V.—Particulars stamped enveIOpe.—EDWARDS, Tovvn, Clapham. London. 41:AGE—Wanted, a well-built young Lady to learn atarn an Athletic Art.—For particulars address,encl9sing ein d envelope for reply, Gus. GAUNTLETT, Hippo _ HOME EMPLOYMEN r.—Easily done. zietld at home by anyone. Good income. 2 hours daily sstamPed addressed envelope for free. particulars. ii).4l4ats, 49, Ft °gel:wry Gsrdens, Harmony. Lond V/1 ANI.TED, YOUTH for OFFICE.—Must have ,s4ge, knowledge of bookkeeping and shorthand. State "ulNe7,ages, experience.—Address C. T., "Examiner 14' -)411,41)-k.—NOW IS THE TIME TO EMIGRATE IVitrn,..o be ready for the Spring rush. Quick passages. llvneiconies. Strong demand for farm bands, men 'efol:".iwaY construction, and domestic servants. likcxelation and advice gladly given by LEONARD .e 8 Ring at., Warrinuton. -ICKERS ! KNACKERS ! ! KNACKMIS !! ! 4ors .'eat Possible prices given for dead or worn out Any, es or Cattle. Prompt removal on the shortest notice nce op to 16 miIes.—ENGLISH PRODUCTS ,Are'r Manure Manufacturers, Longford Works, 41erk"gtncein2.,ITelegrams " tearine,” Warrington

TEI),REIS MOSS & SONS LIMITED, Att:',I!OEING, AND GENERAL SMITHS, IN DS OF AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, GAS,& OIL ENGINES SUPPLIED, FIXED ‘,IIEPAIRED, ALL KINDS OF WHEELS WoOPED. HOT WATER ENGINEERS, &c. : ACADEMY STREET, WARRINGTON 0:- tDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. 'rEIE BEST. AND CHEAPEST EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS —ISTERS 5D., 10D., AND is. BD. EACH. WFIOLESALE BY . & SON, LTD., WARRINGTON. ROBERT LEWIS, THE OLDE FOX, ---irtiNIAKET STREET, WARRINGTON. 4N„TIQUE FURNITURE AND CURIOS OUGHT, SOLD, OR EXCHANGED. BEST PRICE GIVEN.

sl7bt u„ A CHOICE CIGARETTE. 'C4% Zl3" 8 SPECIAL SILK CUT CIGARETTES t —teed Hand-made from Pare Virginian Tobacco Bd. per oz., 2s. 6d. per Vb. box. 1.1 vt) T. SUDLOW : MERCHANTS, .lIIWICKCOAR AND 65. BUT FER,MARKET ST. rei 94y WARRINGTON. N.,....:„:.

B. CUNNINGHAM, lID„LCK RD., %ARRINGTON (Telephone 17). WER'S AGENT AND BOTTLER OF Btra ness s Stout, Bass's Pale Ale, Bass's No. 1 "1113 Ale. Worthington's and Allsopp's Ales. „Devonshire and Hereford Cider. -°l3P' ,vhPatley's and Mack's Hop Bitters. s and Jeffrey's LAGER BEER IN BOTTLE. try ALSO MANUFACTURERS OF J}El-CLASS MINERAL WATERS.

ROYAL VISIT. BUNTING. FLAGS. SHIELDS. STREAMERS, &c. PRINTED FLAGS ON STICKS, 9d. EACH. BUNTING FLAGS ON STICKS : i Yard, 25.; 1i Yards, 3s. 6d. Each. BUNTING STREAMERS ON TAPE, 3s. PER DOZEN. BUNTING-18 INCHES WIDE FOR DRAPING, ALL COLORS, 6d. per yard. BEST QUALITY STITCHED BUNTING FLAGS: WITH ROPE ATTACHED 2 Yards ss. 6d., 3 Yards 9s. 6d., 4 Yards xis., 5 Yards 215., 6 Yards 255. • ILLUMINATION LAMPS, 2S, PER DOZEN. J. S. GARLAND, 51, 53, & 55, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

The Noted 9 Excel ialue Serge Suit. Why sink your personality into cheap feady-made clothing when you can have a suit to measure for 455. from the noted 'Excel' Blue Serge. Warranted not to shrink nor be affected by the sun, it makes a most serviceable suit. lam offering to every purchaser A FANCY VEST free. This is a genuine offer from a superior tailor. My reputation for supplying good clothing of perfect fit and finish I will sustain. Call to inspect this excellent material, or I will send patterns on application, R. WOOD, Tailor, 3, Market Place.

WE HAVE ALL OUR • New Stuitings Trouserings IN FOR THE COMING SEASON. SEE THEM BEFORE PLACING YOUR ORDER. rm. r, eti•::. X. 4 , 9 36 BUTTERMARKET STREET, &iøWarrington.

ESTABLISHED 183 S. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVER:POOL., Woddi/ FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large assortment of Framed Pictures, snitable for , 0 and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, &c. Terms moderate, REPRODUCTIONS BY HOLLYEfr,OO,S PICTURES BY WATTS, ROSSETTI, and BURNE-JONES, AUTOTYPE REPRODUCTIONS OF Plat IN THE NATIONAL, TATE AND OTHER GALLERIES. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS.

Stocktaking Sale, July 6, to Aug. 7" Genuine Re Elaction in ;iv'rices. p•,..,:"t> t., i P"' C: i,1",•-.. Furnishing Stores, ,„ :11: ''''' :" ;':.,''', .. f. .ti Bold Street, Liverpool. -.---- CARPETS WILL BE MADE AD LAID FREE Gas-fittings fixed free. CASI 4 LINOLErMS WILL BE LAID FREE. BLINDS WILL BE MADE FREE. Special extra discount of 18 ort 1-111 t CASEMENT MATERIALS from ls. PER YARD WILL BE MADE FREE. in the c off Linen Goods. TERMS. .../ All purchases over 40s. delivered free to any Railway Station in Great Britain __,.

SMITH & WALKER ARE NOW SHOWING THE NEWEST PATTERNS AND STYLES FOR LADIES' COATS AND SKIRTS, FROM THREE GUINEAS. MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON.

A SPECIAL LINE OF OURS ARE THE ,0 • hland Tweeds which we are showing this week. Have you seen them? They are real Scotch stuff—spun, dyed and woven in Scotland,—and there is some- thing in their appearance :which turns one's mind to holidays. Certainly nothing could be more suitable to wear when you go climbing, fishing, shooting or cycling. The colorings are refined, they are grand wearing cloths and, when made up, their appearance is most dressy,—from them we are doing a line of exceptional value. The Norfolk Coat, Semi-Riding .f J 2 12S. 6d. Breeches and Cap BOYDELL BROS., Tailors, 43 BRIDGE STREET. Warrington.

H. N. c, •OUGI—ITON 9 For Hag Rakes & Forks, Machine Files, Potato Forks 33, BRIDGE STREET, Warrington. Telephone 385 x. Established over 100 years. IRONMONGERY, &c.

........._ - , - - ----."'"' - .., ................... - - 1....R7" ' :: . :(;64;41,1. .iiiii:,..x.0,1•:.:-::::::::::.....v.,,,:.....:::.;,..::::.,........:•;::::::::„....„,....,:f, ..,,:-,„:„....•:-.77...,,,:.,.. :....„.._.,......... ~,,, •":,„„..„..5.:,.,.., ...1•:*g;;:k:.,:.:::- . ,:..,..: -.,.. .. •;,.....,•<..f....,i'.i......-:..:Vgif --- •••' :::'....- ......... ' ....': :•`' - . ',;.'"°'°....i5:::.....,::1:::. ....:::.:: -,-;".. <iii.*:...:;:::.:iii ...-.. .......'' ::**-:::::::::::•.•:-........"............ , • ',.„.. ' - ' -- .- --- l.'s's-- *--- '....7"n'..,:.::::::::-.K.....:...-.. • ~..s %.zlz.---5,...*.::::.:;:.::.:: .....,,,... .-.......:.::,....,,,,.....:::iv::::, .-: .. 't;:.14.;; .. • ' -••. .• ~..,..., - :25.7'11,.,t'w•-".. s • -.........5W,,..... ...:,.:. -..,-. ...k. 7;,C1,,,i,i:!,..-..... •. - -'.'•:•:1:3:.; ..g. .. -.. I* - '';.?:F .;.,- ..• ./........i?:::: 1ige,44',..i§...::iiii.:::::••••••:•:::•." '. . ..'..f............:11,.:-:•-• ; • ......% ......m.'•':: . ...' -,/ ~ . : --. ..5......' ... . ..i."...:. •...".....::lii:'... :::::„.. .......-••••:•••••••••:::::i.,:. .. ••• ....• ..,.......;•::::::.f.........• -. • '..:44. ~., .., ...,•:-...: .. - .;.. ............1....: ...?....::-.........:- ...** ...: .:' '...:..f.'...V...:-.:-..]::?;*;;:;•:::. i•-•,;::: \,,:. ~ '... ' . .., . - ......-'-:•'. ... . . ...v. . ' .f.....tWii.......::::.:::::::.....::.....7:::: ~. .. ...............:-.................::: ' . ' - .•°'. - ...' .:-.....;.....:.:-: .......:.:... .' " - • !i.... . .....ii......::: .i............:.-.....; . ....." .......E ... ..-.......::........' i I ~,,,..: ..,:::: ~...,: : -• • 1:1111...i'"' ;.--:,-; .. `'...÷ ....' .....ti.1'..::::::,:t,1 P . •.-. .. • . i::: is ..-':- : ......i.1::.... --..4,.. 04, ~, --. ~ .... ~ ..... , . , t............i.::::-..........„:„..,.....- , :i., . -....v,,,,,,t,„,... , ..., .. , • , , ........,... .....:.. . '.--*,.... -.- ..:::...................::::.,...;.."-:..:. ..-.:., ..,,........,.......,...... ....,—.. ...........:::......: .:...„...:. iiirir. • tir . ....., „,.. ...,. . . , ... .....,., -..,....,...::::.,..„.......::.?,... .-...1 , ... gm ~ -, ...- ~ .• ..1*::.••:: ....:•;:',.4' 1 ii • -...-- ~..,...-.......,.....:,.::, ---- -----. r . - 11,--------..:.:1-z-c------- -- -„.---,*4" , • k ..,..-Ak...1.....,•..1••••• • ..-; ~- ..... ,''..,,,.. gr ... -,,, i'. .'..-..., ::-. ;:. ..*.oq.' . .1' ',.: :',-, -:i,i4 ' .-:‘ .i...?r1:4441111t. -, - 'l*: ...: ..71'.4A.;'..,...;'..; 5'1.-,:: .''.. V.. 1::::.. .' '.:: ~..k.,.i .:i.::- .. - :•-:;. '-f -,*. fit.,.. '',.. ~...:... - ~' • ..-- ..••::::-• ... -4:: - -., ~,F.4.0, ':., ~ .-.:-.,. A ....:...I,...figit.. .::,.......:.,...,; ... J.....,; ...i.:.7t. ~. : .., ,rt.,1.A... ..-,. .-.;;i- --: • .;.•'''''' . ~.' ...*,;:;5::::•,..s. ' .."-: \.. •• ; ;', •il.t:•.- 4/"....5.,`" .s_;, • • ::::•'''.. • , ......t' . •••.. '.- ; , .4?E'• '..;.**•.: .• ' ':'•:-.4.1, .'. '.....• . • . , • .., ,r '-` .• e ' ":::. ~......,„,,,,;: 4,4,, /'''',''''''• • . ' •.'... ',.. ... • ' . ' •,',•••: •4_,Z:"...::• f's l' ~ : . ':',..-.7"1ik.: .. ' - .• - ~,,.....4, ...,,,'!" ",, .. .. .., • . , . . c ..4 ~..., . .. _l/4 -•• "1-,.'''' •.: •••!itt • '''.*'' -ii g * -......-- ''. . -v-• . •,,,.. _ ~.. - - ,e.,- • -t------1.,, ,4, ... 0r..-... tr:ii -• i 1 • ~ ....;:x..:::.?...:1:,:#...,,,....-....,,,,:,::.....:-............,... •.:.......-:.:..........,....--.:::.:::::.-. :-........:/--i......--:..-: - 5 - ....f......5..:,-5...,....:.:...:::::::.....,.....5:::::::.:.::::::::::::::::-..:::-..-...:::,...„::::....:.........::::::-.....::::::-:--.:.....::....,.....--....::::::::.::....',...-.- -::::-....-:..-.,...... - .:.--.. .-- . ...,..- ...-:-......' '....-.. -:-..............• . -..• :-.........,...:: ..: . 1 5,,......:.. i.......;,......, ....—.. .

•-• : . • • •• • . • ••• - „ • • • •• • - •

2"-- 4, t':. . ' 7..., .-5' •! • :.,-, 0, ; . sv: A ow,. . . 7 -.0 • ' : .ct 9 - ' Airt, , ' .t... ".,, IT )k.,„ 1 ' .:' 1 • , During the last few years the West of England has attracted a rapidly increasing stream of people in search of health and pleasure. In particular have the claims of . Devon and the Cornish Riviera received the rccorznition which is their due. The : shores of this Home Riviera may fairly be said to rival those of Southern France, With the added advantage of being cool in Summer and mild in Winter. Apply for the undermentioned Travel Books, beautifully Illuttratcd and containing : excellent Maps " DEVON : THE SHIRE OF THE SEA KINGS," price 3d., post free, Cd. . ./egr ,-,.. -.• Ir "THE CORNISH RIVIERA," price 3d., post free, 6d. These publications may he obtained at the Cotnpany's Stations, - and Offices, or from Mr. J. Morris, Superintendent of the . fe,.,,t;41:114.1pkv,07. Line, Paddington Station, London, W., to whom also . 4 , .;.!/' 'Zoe .;-) "/ ,n5,.:2,11%,—,1,,---_-application should be made for particulars of .. -• k -..:-...,:-...----',-,-- : Fares, Train 'Services, B,:c. •-' V-. - ---'''",- ..:-.•;- - .........• JAMES C. INGLIS, ...1--...„.....;;..tt;:::i i.• ...14,y,;,- :-...: ••,. •••••.. __.•!-., r.... . . General Manager. f• i--:'* i, :-*•,. '‘. :+.•,i -.• . T--7---:-=,_,---1/4 L. - .----- Paddington Station, r 7 ' • I ......4.0. ~.—.41% , ".--s- --- c "f_f.:•••=.4-2,,_ _ - --• -;r, w. - • . ...• - --z--- --._-..,,,it ~.....,,f2„.o:Ati..._. '-'l.. 4.- -,,,"-:.—;,.--.'2,iit.w r.-3A....z.-ik - • ... .., ------4,L7- - -

Are Your Eyes Right? Or have you noticed some little sign that makes you suspect defects? If in doubt don't delay; don't wait until neglect has aggravated the defects. Let us test Your eyes by the best methods known. Then. if you need them, we can supply Glasses that will give immediate comfort and preserve good vision. ARCH ER 6 SONS Eyesight Specialists. 739 LORD STREET Estb. 1843. LIVERPOOL

LADIES. REMEMBER that for P,2EBEFIVING & IMPROVING your SKIN and COMPLEXION, there is nothing to equal AF: BEETHAF/P3 Regft.i• . TO

• • 4: • •

"ALL about _PATENTS I BOOKLET post free iron' JOHN G. WILSON 8( 6" Charter.::l Patent Agents, 55„Market St., Manchester _ _

- i 3., , ...These tiny Capsules r 0115.% S 0 7:47:z Kidney and Bladder TrollDiiit promptly and cure in forty-e'be • hours lack Capsule beers ,il . • .•. name " Midy." Sold by A. MIDN. Chemists, or post free 3s. °"' . . . WILCOX Sc- CO. _ 49, HAYMARKET, L0N2..(....)-::„0"

_- THE NEW FRENCH REMEiM, THERAPlONThissuccess u P_A pular remedy, e 5,7 in continental Hospitals by Ricord, Rostan, Jobert,VVL can & others, surpasses everything hitherto employee fin purity of bl ood, spots,blotchcs,pain & swellin gofjoints, kidney, bladder & urinary diseases, stricture, dischartest piles, gravel, p ains in back, gout,rh euma ti sm ,exh au sti oar sleeplessness, &c. Three forms, Nosa, 2& 3, according to disea-es. Price 2/9 (particulars id. stamp) post free in Great Britain from The Le Clerc Medicine Co, Havet. stock Road.Hanwstead, London, &principal Chemists. •

llt entirely remove, and prevents all ROUOHNESS, REDNESS, HEAT, IRRITATION, ETC., and keeps THE SKIN Soft, Smooth & White, ALL THE YEAR ROUND. Bottles Is., 2s. 6d. of all Chemists 64Stores• laM. lieethem 0 Son, Cheltenharn• le ess' Assenlir _..---" — ---- ,:, TINS— . 44st .. . ,:,:.. _ . .. ' - 3d. 6(1. Is. ' New Size •-.. - .., so, • ' ... • - kt, . Or * FLEAS BUGS 4 *7o<fr * BEETLES. MOTH (in Blankets, - _ .. . Furs, etc..) . . ....--•

DAN YSZ VIRUS is, not a Poison, but kills RATS & MICE Harmless to other Animals and Human 13eings• Single Tube,2s., Three Tubes, 59" Post Free from DANYSZ VI RUS Ltd., 52, Leadenhall St., LONDON, n.e. And of all Chemists.

, , • ' ,?' .4 - -. :1 i.--, Established - 'IF, ' - 50 Years. . ~ , , J ' -,,,,--_,l...ppwr-. ..--.. •.,... -r ,r -#llacittli:Bolv er.:4- ....„,.:...,,....,:,,,... .... . .;,,,....:... : Orr.;a_COrCn• - - '. "Really x )1 . 'Wholesome Confectionery" ,---, LANCET. ' IA sweetmeat for all, and may be gix:en , . ' /with confidence to the youngest child. , In paper packets and tin boxes— ...-; )0, .()....co various sizes. anufactory : London, w.c. .

0000 A: The valuable prd- perties of the finest cocoa • are well-known. !COLA : Of extraordinary sus- taining properties, preventing undue fatigue or exhaustion after strenuous work. • MALT: Rich in digestive Power and easily assimilates other foods. 1-10pS : Soothes the nerves, acts as a tonic, and promotes healthy sleep. All these valuable ingredients are combined in • 1110 VIS itaa The most perfect Food-Beverage ever invented. The Press and Public are unanimous in saying: " There is no Cocoa like Vi-Cocoa. Do not ask your grocer for cocoa. Ask for Vi-Cocoa--it makes all the difference. Every grocer sells Vi-Cocoa in 6d packets and 9d. and is. 6d. ti4s.

No. 2.—The Bricklayer. Men laying bricks are often apexposed for long hours to the :broiling sun. No one is in greater ,need of a refreshing and strength- ening beverage than this familiar BEER toiler. ' The splendid BOTANIC made from MASON S OEFXT R A HERBC Ts 1.3._ jug the thing. Brewed with the greatest for over 30 years in British Homes. A 44blespoonful makes a Gallon. AGENTS WANTED. NZ WE3ALL & MASON, NOTTINGHAM.

DISTRICT NEWS.

~„„..„. ~r,,,,,.... . _,,,•„. ~,5,..... ~ Mk% 4 '4'.', A • ;I. ' WI ..71't s. ' l'-tt 'IT ' ..t:•gf.4 ' '- . ' `440, •,'",' ',.' . 4.:1 1... 1.'",4 '.: . . 4 y Ilitt : 4 ~ R. ~,w4Y.,,,,. , ~ f ..... •'', - ,Ic 4` ' '-',."474-4- , .1.4. :tel.,' v', - ,TY. . ..... `... . .-. , 4 , y... 7, ..«.......':-..4 the 4... ..,: ....v. 0..,5. •,.' :a' '.......6. ' ,- • et ~ , 6,14..raNk•rk.44.A0*;14M.57'.4 'V' I.>. ' 't4k,W ' ' ''' . '`, '141.4.'W. THE. ••• ~.,..., ~.,„, . li, • . „.„ , ~..1".. .....t. ,:. A,A„,;:. ,V. AN %.?.. v..,,i • '...44.'" ' ... 4 N t e,„,.% ill . . . 0 .44 ‘ —1, , ''' • ' riN WHOLE •'',,, '. 101:- ;LSi k, D ? MEAL .11: I - 4 . .r, • t is a NECESSITY FOR ALL WHO WOULD BE WELL—especially those sufferino-z-, from constipation and its attendant evils.

Send a postcard to— CAUTION. The NATURAL FOOD CO., Ltd., The name 7R'l2/144,41C71. Room 5 10, Bethnal awl, loEden, E is on each loaf, and the pallet For Booklet entitled— band round the loaf also bear: " A Chat with Dr. Allinson " about Wholemeal Bread. • his autograph and photograph. Sent free with name and address of nearest agent. NoPle nn n ho t.

...J. ... Splendid! Thanks!! .... One does not hear this or a similar expression of glad feeling as often as one could wish, and its absence is frequently due to man's dilatoriness in exercising a proper care for his health. The habit of procrastination is strong in human nature. A slight indisposition—a feeling of being a bit "below par"—is given very little heed to, with the result that alarming symptoms often ensue. It is a truism that most sickness takes Its rise in a disordered or weak stomach—a torpid state of the liver and bowels—lnactive kidneys—for any of these derangements l'.t 4'' , ~.., ~_ ' ' O. ;;;c1 A' ''' '. , ...4 p ,b.,„. .., -e - , 4 1 , ial ...... •,,, 4...,. •. . t..'4" i..,' ts.- ,„ .f.a. ..+ ,t " tik.N., .• S '''. l'.:'' 114 • *, k , , A.: .7t-$.l, ..I‘. A. • AP•944( 4......0.. .., , 11 may be depended upon with absolute confidence to effect a cure. There- fore, never permit the trouble to gain a hold upon your constitution— check it at the outset. Whether it be a case of indigestion, Biliousness, Constipation, or an Antemic and impure state of the blood, you should at once set about fortifying yourself by entering upon a course of Beecham's Pills. All sensations of depression and undue fatigue will disappear, your energies will speedily revive, you will regain all your lost vigour, and ere long you will join with tens of thousands of others in saying that for "putting one right" BEECHAM'S PILLS ~1.. eserve , ..igh, ,11 Praise.

__ - - I'H i 2 1 ' ..., ,, .:, yhe -14'ott:',:,‘ -.:,i • 1 .:„. .. . • 1 1 k.: 43f :4 1 11 • have proved that mal-nutrition and '•,1: I: I. t consequent ailments jnir.fants can be avoided )11 In almost every instancd by the ilk of . ~! I • lA.. 1 I. #IIOIIIICKS .$.l ..,i....,,,.„ , , MALTED , ; :,.. A ' '' ' ' '''. 101. I, m itk t.,T.‘ 0711 QUICK ISOM- ii 'IA* -.),.''';' ro . LUNCH INSA. :.," lii p, 1 • ''''''' DONE., GOOD ' Biy."4 e.r t r till( , , ~,. . FOOD - ..: I i 4. at5T yew!, sTAyER. 414- musci.r., _i„ !4cthem htive ivert it to babies from their .i .II ..,:p: .a Kg early days la supply thorn wilh nciurishinont, 3 . 1,:',4.7 i; abasl'• , ..11 N,•,,i.AA tofu nri soN E,NETZVE,NID NI i 4,, , ... , ill:Zca-: They have, obtsined 1.1 , . - . ARALLOLIS%-111,1. 1 —, I t 11:f Awornanrnaybericd'i orpoor,refined,educated ''..iii I f.,,,1 ,: . i cr othr.,rwise,kast an luclc has placed her, bi..ir she 11 ' .1 still has a pride in a healthy happy baby. ilia iswhymolhers appreciate HOP,LiDX, MALTED i,111:( li; 1 fr , '..; I .- 7 7 -- Iris a not less hon.est St3tertialt that IiORIICF:Sm „TED ,t,I.K 15 an indl3pensable food or YOUNG AHD OLD '`,l 'IT ' D, MEALI ;TY AND 3:Git, [Or It NOURISKS, BU; LDS UP AID 1,11 STRENGTHENS, :5 EASILY DICESTED,QUICHLY ASiItiILATED: tiORLICKS MALTED MI LK tends to NOMZ COM FORTSa it 3 services are quick: it needs no cooking! .T• r 1, o I •,.. 111 s in ' ..: ICkS. ,

Free sample and full particulars, just to let us prove our statement to you, [torn MALTED MILK LIMITED. Manufacturers of HORIICKS MALTED MILK,SLOUGH,Bui

FURNISH YOUR HOW" TASTEFULLY AND SUBSTANTIALLY. An inspection of our stock Will convince /011 that comfort and taste in the furnishing of your rooms need not necessarily mean extravagant outlay. OUR FURNITURE PLEASES THE EYE.

OUR EASY PAYMENTS SUIT YOUR INCOME Terms can he arranged RAILWAY FARE to suit convenience of customers. ALLOWED TO COUNTRY Discount allowed for Ca.sh. CUSTCMERS. Carriage Paid to all parts SEND OR CALL FOR CATALOGUE. 1 We will send you Free, by post, or you can have on Application, our large Illustrated Catalogue and Price List. It COSts yet, nothing and will save you pound 3. G L.O •. :.... = FURNISHING 161. COMPANY. (J. R. GRANT, Proprietor), • PEMBROKE PLACE.", LIVERPOOL GLASDCW-510 SAUCHIEHALL STREET. BELFAST-3S & 40 HIGH STREET. BLACKBURN—AINSWORTH STREET.
