===== 0002601_19091113_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON WOMEN'S CIRCLE.— VISIT OF MISS LUCY BROAD, WHITE RIBBON MISSIONARY. THREE MEETINGS IN THE BRIDGE ST. CLUB. SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 14TH, AT 3 P.M. SUBJECT: "Walking in White." TEA WILL BE PROVIDED AT 6D. EACH. SUNDAY AT 8 P.M. OPEN MEETING. LIFE AND WORK IN JAPAN. CHAIR: MR. JOHN UPSON. MONDAY AT 7.30 P. 31. FIJI AND THE FIJIANS. CHAIR: REV. C. HARVEY COOK. Music: MR. KENWORTHY & MISS BROWNE. T OPULAR CONCERT BOLD ST., SCHOOL- ROOM, TO-NIGHT AT 730. • SPECIAL HUMOUROUS PROGRAMME. SOLOS, RECITALS. SKETCHES, &c. A TREAT FOR ALL. ADMISSION ONE PENNY, GALLERY TWOPENCE. N OTIC E.—UNIVERSITY EXTENSION LECTURES. THERE WILL BE NO LECTURE on WEDNESDAY NEXT, the 17th November. The FIFTH LECTURE will take place on the 24th NOVEMBER, and the SIXTH on theist DECEMBER. WARRINGTON MUSICAL SOCIETY. ON WEDNESDAY NEXT, NOVEMBER 17T11.

THE " ELIJAH." SIR CHARLES SANTLEY. PLAN NOW OPEN, at Mr. Pearson's. For prices and other particulars see posters.

WARRINGTON INFIRMARY THE ANNUAL CHILDREN'S BALL

WILL BE HELD N PARR HALL, JANUARY 4TH, 1910. TICKETS 3s. EACH. JAMES HENRY SMETHURST, , Briery Croft, Warringtob.

KNU TSF ORD DIVISION LIBERAL ASSOCIATION. A PUBLIC MEETING WILL BE HELD IN THE HALL CAFE, STOCKTON HEATH, ON MONDAY NEXT, NOV. 15TH, AT 7.30.

SPEA KERS : A. A. HOWARTH, ESQ., M.P., A. J. KING, ESQ., M.P.,

AND OTHERS. CHAIRAMIN : J. LONGLAND, Ebrz. LADIES INVITED. WILL FORD, Secretary, Wilmslow.

WARRI NGT ON ADULT SCHOOLS.- A. rule LECTURE,

_ BUM trT ,ismoat EVIL, WILL BE OPT= IN THE ADULT SCHOOL, ACADEMY STREET, ON THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 18TH, 1909, BY PRINCIPAL GRAHAM (OF MANCHESTER). CHAIR TO BE TAKEN AT 7.45 PROMPT, BY HENRY ROBERTS, Esq. COLLEC TION COUNTY BOROVGH OF WARRINGTON.— EDCCATION COMMITTE, ANNUAL DISTRIBUTION OF PRUES AND CERTIFICATES to students of the SettOOL OF ART, CENTRAL TECHNICAL INurrOTE, INTER- MEDIATE TEcHNICAL INSTITLTE, and BRANCH TECHNICAL SCHOOLS AT THE PARR HALL, ON TUESDAY, THE 16TH NOVEMBER, BY ALDERMAN WILLIAM OULTON, J.P. (Chairman of the Liverpool Education Committee.) Admiktion by Ticket only, which may be obtained from Education Office, J. MOORE MURRAY, M.Sc. Sankey st., Secretary and Director. November, 11)09. 0 SEP H CROSFIELD & SONS, LTD., WARRINGTON. 41 PER CENT. FIRST MORTGAGE IRREDEEMABLE DEBENTURE STOCK. The TRANSFER BOOKS of this Company relative to this issue WILL BE CLOSED from the 16th to the 30th November (both days inclosive) for the purpose of preparing and issuing Interest Warrants due lgovember 30th. 'Warrington, November 13th, 1909.

J. R. WARDLE, Secretary.

_ A_LLAN LINE TO CANADA UNDER GOVERNMENT CONTRACT FOR CONVEYANCE OF CANADIAN MAILS. • EXPRESS WEEKLY SERVICE' TURBINE STEAMERS; UNSURPASSED CUISINE. THROUGH RATES TO ALL PARTS OF CANADA AND U.S.A. PROM LIVERPOOL ... GRAMPIAN ... Nov. 18 PROM GLASGOW ... PRETORIA ... Nov. 20 FROM LONDON (via Havre) CORINTHIAN... Nov. 24 For handbooks, maps, and full details for settlers, tourists, and others apply ALLAN LINE, 19, James St., Liverpool; sVall Mall. S.W., 103, Leadenhall St. E.C.,London ; 25, Bothwell St. Glasgow, or local agent

, 7 • -

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.— TO TAILORS, HATTERS, &c. The Paving and Sewerage Committee of the Council of the County Borough of Warrington is 'prepared to receive Tenders for 40 SCAVENGERS' SLOPS and 40 SCAVENGERS' HATS. Samples may be seen and all further information obtained at the office of the Borough Surveyor, Town Hall, on and after Monday next, the 15th instant, at which place tenders must be delivered on or before 12 o'clock noon on Thursday, the 25th day of November, 1909. The lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted. THOS. LONGDIN, Borough Engineer and Surveyor. Borough Engineer and Surveyor's Office, November 10th, 1909,

===== 0002601_19091113_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
iiAbbi

THOMAS EDISON'S LATEST AND GREATEST INVENTION.

&Cond. moat

===== 0002601_19091113_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
STEPHEN MOSS & SONS LIMITED SHOEING AND GENERAL SMITHS, ALL ItINDS OF AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, STEAM, GAS,& OIL ENGINES SUPPLIED, FIXED AND REPAIRED, ALL KINDS OF WHEELS HOOPED. HOT WATER ENGINEERS, &c. WORKS: ACADEMY STREET, WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_19091113_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN WALKER & CO., LTD. "EXAMINER " OFFICE, PRINT THE LARGEST POSTER IN THE TOWN.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
, .

SAM N. SHEEN,

THE SPOT SHOP,

(FISH MARKET)

===== 0002601_19091113_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
von EVE RI( Ta--liaisT

Overcoats Raincoats Such as the famous 'Carlane' A most ideal coat for a man will not only save you money to have is one of our Rain- but ensure to yourself the coats at 25/6. It not only satisfaction of feeling that sheds water perfectly, but, besides being protected from without being burdensome the cold and rain, you will in weight, is amply warm on have an Overcoat made to winter days—keeps out the resist the wear and tear of a cold and wind. busy life. earlane Overcoats Raincoats (Single or double-breasted) (Loose lined) from 21/. from 25/6. J. BANKS 62 Horsemarket St. Warrington.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
ROBERT WOOD,

TAILOR AND COSTUMIER, AUTUMN GOODS NOW SHOWING

FOR GENTS AND LADIES.

STYLISH TAILORING. Reasonable Prices. A LARGE STOCK OF PEERLESS RAINCOATS, IN ALL SHAPES, READY TO WEAR FROM 255. MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON.

FOR 000 D AND A GENUINE IRONMONGERY

at reasonable prices, go to

===== 0002601_19091113_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
H. N. HOUGHTON,

33, BRIDGE STREET, Warrington. Telephone 385 x. Established over 100 years.

Tel. No. 123.

ESTABLISHED 60 YEARS (in Warrington).

Tel. No. 123.

Forshaw & Son, Ltd., ENGINEERS, BOILERMAKERS, IRON & BRASS FOUNDERS, Mersey Boiler Works, Mersey Street, Warrington. Makers of IRON CASTINGS from the smallest size up to 20 tons weight. Clean Well-moulded and of the Highest Quality. To buy the best finished castings is to frequently save 50 per cent. in labour. BRASS CASTINGS (any weight) ; Gunmetal, Copper, Aluminium, Phosphor Bronze, Damaxine, Acid Proof Metal and all other Alloys. CONSTRUCTIONAL IRON AND STEEL WORK, Corrugated Iron Roofs and Buildings, Farmers' Hay Sheds, Barns, Store Sheds, &c., Iron and Steel Tanks, Cisterns, Steam Jacketted Pans, Boilers, &c. Repairs by Experienced and Skilled Workmen to all kinds of Machinery and to Steam Boilers, Gas Engines, Traction Engines, Motor Cars, Dynamos, Steam Engines, Oil Engines, Road Rollers, Motor Waggons, Electric Motors, ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING. Speciality Work. Drawings and expert advice submitted fue.

Heavy Machining and Forging done for the trade. Turning up to 15 feet diameter. Planing up to 5 feet square. Slotting up to 18-inch stroke. Milling, Punching, Shearing and Bending, Pressing, Dishing, Flanging and Rivetting by hydraulic pressure. Unlimited Tackle and Special Appliances for efficiently dealing with Repairs and Breakdown work, accumulated during an establishment of 60 years

===== 0002601_19091113_art0009.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
E.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MAYORALTY.

ALDERMAN FORSHAW RE-ELECTED.

Two Dissentients.

Alderman W. J. FORSHA W was re-elected to the 'Mayoralty of the borough at the annual meeting of the Warrington Town Council held at the Town Hall at noon on Tuesday. There were two dissentients from the resolution and several members of the Council refrained from voting. Considerable interest was taken in the proceedings and there was an unusually large attendance of the public. The Mayor (Alderman Forshaw) presided in the earlier part of the meeting, and there were also present Alderman Smethurst (deputy mayor), Aldermen Bennett, Bolton, Burton. James Evans and Tinnion and Councillors Ashcroft, W. H. Bellian, Birtles, Broadhurst, Chantler, Cunnington, Hawthorn, Dr. Joseph, C. Jackson-Holmes, Lashford, Locker, W. H. J. Jenkins, G. C. Howard, Pemberton, Roberts, Rogers, Sankey, Steel, Fulton-Smith, Wilkinson and Wilson, with the Town Clerk and several other officials of the Corporation, as well as the Mayoress and her two daughters, the Rev. G. C. Briggs (Mayor's chaplain), and Mr. Robert Pierpoint.

ELECTION OF MAYOR. IMPORTANT WORK DURING THE COMING YEAR.

Alderman S3IETHURST having been voted to the chair pro tern, Alderman TINNION moved "That William John Forshaw, Esquire, be and he is hereby re-elected Mayor for the ensuing year, and until the acceptance of office by his successor." Alderman Tinnion slid : I can only express the hope that to this resolution there will be no opposition, that it will be carried unanimously— (bear, bear)—and that the Mayor for the ensuing year will have the active support and co-operation of every member of the Corporation. I know there is a feeling —a very just and proper one—that every member of the Council should have the opportunity and the honour of occupying the Mayoral chair, but for the last thirty years' at any rate in Warrington, it has been the custom for the Mayor to occupy the chair for two or more years. This, of course, has its advantages, as it enables the occupant of the chair to correct any error he may have made, to avoid future mistakes, and profit by his pest experience, thereby enabling the work of the Council and of the town to go on as harmoniously as it possibly cen. (Hear, hear.) I appeal to the members of the Council to do all they can to help forward the very important work we have certainly ahead of us during the next twelve months. All of you know that we are going to Parliament for an Act to carry out many great and important works. I shall not enumerate them all, as probably the Mayor will have something to say on that subject, but there is the question of the bridges, the development of Victoria Park, the carrying on—l won't say the corn- pietion—of the widening and improvement of Market Cate. Some of the properties are, in my opinion, not held on tee most sound financial basis. The money ought to be borrowed and the properties put on a proper financial basis. I appell to you all to let bygones be bygones and to sink all personal differences. (Hear, hear). We ought to work with that ability and • harmony which in the end must be for the benefit of the town. The Mayor has done a very great and impor- ant work, and be has been very ably assisted by his good wife the Mayoress. (Heir, hear) do not think that I could better descrine the charac- ter and disposition of the Mayoress than in that homely phrase "a good, genial soul;' aver ready and willing to "help forward every good work. (Applause). The Mayor and Mayoress have known no party or sect dur- ing their year of office, and have been ready and willing to help forvvird every institution that was for the uplifting of their fellow-townsmen. They have done all in their power to forward the work of every society and institution which tended to the comfort and happi- ness of the people in the town, and may I hope that during the next year we may look forward to, and not only look forward to but realize, that it is the paramount duty of every member of the Council to do all he can to further the best interests of the good old town of Warrington. And that can be done if every member of the Council will be determined that from to-day his only object shall be to work harmoniously with all the other members. (Hear, hear).

Alderman BENNETT, in seconding, said :—Last year it was my privilege, as one of Alderman Forshaw's oldest friends, to propose his election to the high office of Mayor, and I did so with great pleasure. To-day it gives me equal pleasure to second the proposition which has been so ably moved by my good friend Alderman Tinnion. I am inclined to agree with some remarks of his with reference to the length of time during which the office is usually held, and there is something to be said for the custom, but in London, Manchester and other similarly unimportant places—(laughter)—the term is limited to one year. There is also something to be said for that, in the main because it is not fair to expect a man to make the inevitable sacrifices which the high office demands of time and money. I think the motto of the mayor of a town ought to be the motto we see emblazoned on the Prince of Wales's feathers "I serve "—(mar, hear)—because his worship has to work very hard and to be continuously at the call of the whole of the people of the town over which he presides, and be has to undertake great responsibili- ties and make great sacrifices. I think the office of Mayor is the highest honour we can bestow upon the citizen of any town. It is no light thing to be the chief magistrate of any town of any importance, but in a borough like Warriogton, which has so great a past and has I, believe, so great a future, so large a population and so many difficult problems, the position is one Of exceptional dignity and honour. (Hear, hear.) And now the question arises "How has the Mayor fulfilled the duties of his office during the past 12 months?" Well I think he has performed them in the main to the admiration at any rate of the vast majority of the people ; and in many ways he has won universal approbation. (Hear, hear.) Alderman Tinnion has spoken very well about the duties which are not inci- dental to the duties in the Council Chamber but are rather an accompaniment to the position, namely the duties outside. The bitterest critic could not take exception to the way in which Alderman and Mrs. Forshaw have discharged those duties, those continuous duties. Every class and every portion of the com- munity has to be attended to, and it means that during their term of office the Mayor and the Mayoress have to be at the disposal of the whole town. Then in regard to another phase of the question. The Mayor is the chief magistrate of the Borough, and I have never heard the slightest syllable of criticism as to the way in which he has performed his magisterial duties; he has been absolutely impartial and dignified. His conduct in the chair here in the main has given satisfaction. I think he has shown impartiality and dignity, and although I should he the last to pretend that he has never made a mistake, on the whole his conduct will compare favourably with that of any of his predecessors. The best of us make slips. To err is human, and, knowing that, we must feel that to expect perfection from anybody in this world is to expect an impossibility.- I have never for a moment regretted my proposition last year that Alderman Forshawbe elected to the proud position of Mayor of his native town. During the whole of the year he has been animated by one motive; even if he has made mistakes in one or instances his motive has always been the same—the dignity and good fame of the town. (Hear, hear.) The past year has been an important and memorable one and the year before us in some respects is likely to be more important still Never in the history of the Council were there greater queations demanding atten- tion, or greater necessity for co-operation. The delay over the erection of the bridge has been very tiresome to a great many of us. I think, however, we have lately made distinct progress, and that during the coming year we shall have the satisfaction of seeing the work commenced. The other questions which have to be dealt with include widening of the streets, the circus at Market Gate, the extension of the Water Works, and the development of Victoria Park. Then there is a matter full of the utmost importance to Warrington. I refer to the Town Planning Bill, which is likely to become law, and which will for the first time put into the hands of the Council power to map out the whole future of the good old borough and avoid the mistakes which have disfigured and disgraced the past. I second the plea which has been put forward by Alderman Tinnion for harmony, that any feeling which may have existed in the past will be buried, and that we shall unite to work for one object—the good of the town. (Hear, hear.) The Town Council has not always reflected credit upon itself or done justice to the town' and one sometimes hears criticisms which are painful. We sometimes seem to have forgotten the great work in front of us, and our dignity in the acrimonious quarrels which ought not to arise, and which 36 enlightened and intelligent citizens ought to avoid and overcome. (Hear, hear.) I have great faith in the 36 gentlemen who have been appointed by the citizens of the town to act for them, and I make an earnest appeal to you all to throw aside all feeling and to unite as one man in support of the Mayor, and to help to carry forward the great policy that lies before us in the coming year.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNCMLOR PEMBERTON'S CRITICISMS.

Councillor PEMBERTON: I cannot endorse all that Alderman Bennett had said and I do not think his remarks are quite fair. While I agree that there should be a harmonious feeling you cannot get 36 men to Fee eye to eye, but Alderman Bennett imputes to those who do not see eye to eye that we are not doing, what is right for the good of the town. I deny that. Too much has been said about that. For instance, Alderman Tinnion had said that the Council are going to Parlia- ment for a Bill which has not yet passed this Council. I think that a contentious matter like that ought not to have been mentioned. Alderman Tinnion and Alderman Bennett have spoken about the duties of the Council, butthere is a duty which the Mayor owes to the Council. I don't think the Mayors of this town have any cause to complain that they have not received the support of the Council, and ever since I have been in the Council the Mayor has been supported loyally. There is a duty to the Council which the Mayor should not forget. Alderman SMETHURST: I don't want you to repeat yourself, Councillor Pemberton. I had to dram your attention at the other meeting On two occasions when

you made long speeches, about which you were entirely wrong. I want to call your attention to the fact that a minute has been passed by the Council to the effect that the Town Clerk proceed by a Bill in Parliament for powers to construct a bridge and other , matters requiring Parliamentary sanction. Councillor Pemberton: When was that passed by the Council?

===== 0002601_19091113_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
Alderman S3I ETHURST : On October 26th, 1909.

Councillor PAMBERTON : Well, I did not know of it. If it is confirmed it can be altered by special r,esolu- tion. I attend as many Council meetings as any mem- ber but unfortunately I was away from the last meet- ing, as I was in London. Before you proceed to Parliament you have to get the sanction of the rate- payers. Alderman SMETHURST : I wish you would stick to the subject before the meeting—(hear, hear),—and that is the appointment of Mayor. Councillor PEMBERTON : You did not call Alderman Tinnion to order when he mentioned the Bill. The CHAIRMAN : He did not discuss the Bill. He spoke of the Mayor's ability. If you will speak in the same strain and say what you think about the Mayor, we can proceed with the business. You should not ramble about and make statements which I have proved were wrong. Support the resolution or oppose it. Councillor PEMBERTON : That is not a proper remark to make. How do you know what I was going to say ?

Alderman Smethurst: I shall not allow you to speak in that sort of manner. lam goinglo keep you to the resolution. (Hear, hear), Councillor PEMBERTON f. am keeping to the resolution.

The CHAIRMAN: What you are speaking about now is not on the agenda. Councillor PEMBERTOM : It is not right for you to tell me to g.) on and to say that I was going to say something that I did not intend to say. Alderman Tinnion mentioned about property that is on our hands. It was not proper for him to do so, as it was contentious matter. Alderman Tinnion says we are going to do this— Alderman Tisstox : I rise to a point of order. I did not say we were going to do this or that. I said they would have to be considered. (Hear, hear).

Alderman SMETHURST : That is What he- said.l want to draw your attention to that.

• Councillor PEMBERTON : I have great pleasure in endorsing every word which has been said about the Mayoress.

Alderman SMETIII7I3sT : lain very glad to hear that.

Councillor PEMBERTON : Everyone- who has known the Mayoress for any length of time can only endorse all that has been said about her. I cannot find language strong enough to speak about her. A kinder lady I never knew and she is always willing to help everyone who is in need. It is a great pity we have not got more like her.

The resolution was then put to the meeting and carried by 23 votes to two, the dissentients being Councillors Cunnington and LashfOrd. Several mem- bers refrained from voting.

Toe proposer and seconder of the resolution then went to acquaint the Mayor with the decision of the Council, and his Worship shortly afterwards entered the Council Chamber and proceeded to make the usual declaration. While this is being done, it is the custom of the members of the Council to stand, and the Deputy Mayor, noticing that several Councillors renrtined seated called upon "all gentlemen who are members of the Council to stand." Messrs. Pemberton, Cunnington and Lasttford, however, did not respond to the request.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MAYOR'S THANKS.

The MAyort then addresser-1 the Council as follows: —Mr. Alderman Tinnion and Mr. Alderman Bennett. let me first thank you most heartily for the kind and gracious words in which you have proposed and seconded my re-electioa as .Mayor of this important and ancient borough. I sincerely thank the members of the Council for having re-appointcd me to the office which I have had the privilege of holding during the last 12 months. I also thank Alderman Tinnion and Alderman Bennett for the 4ery kind expressions they have used towards my wife. (Applause.) It is with feelings of great gratification when I recall the fact that during my Mayoralty I, on behalf of the Council and Burgesses, had the privilege of welcoming his Majesty King Edward VII. and the Queen and Princess Victoria, and . tendering to his Majesty an address on behalf of the inhabitants of this loyal and ancient town, and it would be lacking in duty on my part to pass over this matter without again thankipg the Council and the inhabitants for the splendid manner in which they helped to make the visit of his Majesty an event which will be remembered for many years to come. (Hear, hear.)

===== 0002601_19091113_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MUNICIPAL YEAR

has not been without its striking features. A reduc- tion of 4d. in the .£ on the rates was a start with which all might be content, and with the exercise of care and economy I do not see why another reduction should not be made. (Heir, hear.) The trading concerns of the Corporation, presided over so ably by my friends Aldermen Smethurst. Pierpoint, and John Evans, are being conducted upon sound business and economic lines, and we hope that in the future, as in the vast, they will be valuable factors in the reduction of the rates, and in the reduction of the price of gas to con- sumers. The Corporation have obtained, I am glad to say. a Provisional Order for the widening of portions of Sankey-street, Ilorsemarket-street and Buttermarket- street, and the formation of a circus at Market-gate. In the course of a short time the erection of the first

building neon the circus will be comMenced, and before long the whole of the improvement will be completed, giving Warrington the honour of possessing in the centre of the town, an almost unique example of Georgian architecture. Warrington NEW BRIDGE

around which the waves of controversy have played for a longer period than one could desire, is now in a fair way to progress. It has given me great_pleasure to know that during my year of office the Council have definitely decided to build a new and substantial bridge for the town and to make the main artery between

Lancashire and Cheshire a width which ought to accommodate the traffic for another 100 years. lam sorry indeed that we have not at present been able to get a bridge at Howley and thus open out Victoria Park to the pecple and children of the north-east side of the river. That bridge and a bridge at Walton must come. (Hear. hear.) My year of office has also wit- nessed the placing of two most important duties on municipal authorities. I refer to the payment of old age pensions which have gladdened many a bumble home—(hear, hear)—and in the administration of which the committee have most conscientiously and carefully investigated all cases. The second duty is the collection of local taxation licences which, in the able hands of our Town Clerk and his staff, will, I think result in a gain to our revenue. A sad side of public life still remains to be touched upon. Death has been busy amongst us during the past year. I refer to the late Alderman Ellison, Councillors Nield and Roberts. We have lost members whose services will never he forgotten in this chamber. (Hear, hear). Mr. Samuel Davies, an ex-member of this Council, is no longer with us; and I feel that my remarks would be incomplete without a reference to our late good townsman, Mr. John White, who for so many years has been a foremost figure in the town. (Hear, bear). Leaving the past behind us, let us look forward into THE FUTURE

where a wide field of municipal improvement opens out. In the next Session of Parliament, a Bill is to be pro- moted for the building of the new bridge, and many

other momentous matters which have bee.- ti discussed from time to time in this chamber must be dealt with. These important subjects will require the most careful consideration of the Council and its committees, and we cannot carry on the good government of the borough unless a good feeling and spirit with unanimity exists amongst the individual members, and for that good feeling I earnestly appeal. I must sincerely ask each _ . _ .

and all of us to forget and forgive differences that we may have had in the past, and t remember that we are all here with one common object in view, and that is the best interests and advancement of our good old town of Warrington—God bless it. (kpplause). thank you, gentlemen. for the confidence you have again reposed in me. (Applause).

===== 0002601_19091113_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DEPUTY MAYOR.

The Mayor re-appointed Alderman Smethurst as Deputy Mayor for the ensuing year.

THE MAYOR'S CHAPLAIN.

The Mayor re-appointed the Rev. G. C. Briggs, vicar of Christ Church, Latchford, as his chaplain.

NSW STANDING ORDERS.

The MAYOR proposed and Alderman BOLTON seconded the adoption of the Standing Orders. Councillor PEMBERTON moved that the following be added: " That the I.klayor or Chairman for the time being of the Council before calling upon the mover of the minutes of any committee to reply to the minutes of that committeg or in the event of no reply being neceesary, before he calls for the confirmation of such

===== 0002601_19091113_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
ALMOST NO SKIN LEFT On Face and Neck by Eczema.

"I was seized with chronic eczema. The disease broke out on my face and spread to My body, arms and scalp. After attending hospital it gradually got worse and on my face it turned to running eczema. After a fortnight of hospital treatment, I had hard 4 any skin left on my face and neck and it was so itchy that I had to be strapped with my arms-to my side at night. It was a rough rash and itchy and sore on my body and arms, but it was running all day long on my face neck and scalp. I bejgan to think that I should never get well again but I am now well again and have all my hair on my head, thanks to Cuticura. After the first set consisting of Cuticura Soap, Cuticura Ointment and Cuticura Pills, I began to find the benefit and after the second set the disease had almost disappeared. I can safely recommend the Cuticura Remedies to all who suffer from eczema in any shape or form. I never had the pleasure of leaving the house for over six weeks and I had to leave my employment and was out of work for over four months. D. Hyde, P,39, Stony Stanton Rd., Coventry,. Eng., Dec. 2, 1908.7

minutes shall previously ask if any other member wishes to speak on such minutes," and" a member shall be entitled to ask the chairman of a committee any question arising out of the minutes of the committee which are being moved for adoption. The asking of such a question or the reply thereto shall not be con- sidered es a speech upon the minutes." Councillor WILKtssoN seconded, and Alderman BOLTON supported. He said the new Standing orders would prevent bickerings. Alderman TiNmoN said it seemed to him that the addition was unnecessary. The suggessions made were already the custom, although there might occasionally e a slight deviation through an oversight. It would appear as though they hid no comidence in future mayors. The Standing Orders certainly required amending. Some of them were absolutely silly and it was impossible to understand their meaning. The pro- posed new orders would be open to abuse as some gentlemen were cleverer than others and were able to make three or four speeches when asking questions. He objected to the additions because they were entirely unnecessary.

The MAYOR : It is certainly undue interference, Councillor PembPrton, with the rights of the chair, because this standing order in practice has been carried out.

- Councillor PEMBERTON said at the caucus meeting the additions were unanimously agreed to and certain understandings come to, and it did not seem the thing to object now. Councillor ROBERTS said the only objection he had to the additions was that they gave verbal expression to the order of procedure ps it obtained now. There was nothing new in them. It was no more necessary to adopt them in that form than to have n standing order that the chairman of a committee should move his own minutes.

Alderman SM ET H URST considered the new order would place chairmen of committees in an awkward position, as questions might be sprung upon them about somethitag they knew nothing of. Alderman JAMES Eva:vs said if a chairman was unable to give a satisfactory answer it was easy for him to say hd had not got the information.

Comic'llo-r Wir..xtssoN supported Councillor PEMBERTON'S proposition. He said there was no reason why any member should not ask any question he liked. The reason for Councillor Pemberton's proposition was that one night in that Council Chamber a member asked a qusstion of a chairman of a committee. The chairman answered immediately and by some mistake the answer was taken as a reply on the minutes. Mistakes had been made, and would be made in the future. No disrespect was intended in making these additions to the Standing Orders. The additions were accepted, and the Standing Orders approved.

THE COMMITTEES.

The rommittees were elected as follows :

Watch.—Tne Mayor, Aldermen Bolton, Burton, Smethurst Tinnion and James Evans; Councillors Craik, Dr. Joseph. Sankey and Wilkinson. Finance and Estate.—Aldermen Bennett, Foraha.w, and Smethurst: Councillors Ashcroft, Birtles, Craik, Fulton-Smith, Holmes, Locker and Wilkinson. Street Improvement and Lighting.—Aldermen Bennett, :lames Evans and Forshaw ; Councillors Bell ian. Craik, Howard, Dr. Joseph, Lashford,Pemberton, and Wilkinson._

_ Health.—Aldermen Burton, James Evans and Tinnion ; Councillors Broadhurst, Jenkins, Dr. Joseph, Roberts, Sankey, Wilkinson PIA Wilson. Paving and Sewerage.—Aldermen Burton, Forshaw, Smethurst and Tinnion ; Councillors Ashcroft, Craik, Hawthorn, Pemberton, Rogers and Wilkinson. Museum.—Aldermen Bennett and, Tinnioo, Coun- cillors Birtles. Craik, Fniton-Tmith, Holmes, Jenkins, Locker, Roberts and Wilkinson; and the following non-members of the Council, viz. :—Messrs. Robert Pierpoint, T. J. Ridgway, Thomas May, J. F. Dutton, Linnfflus Greening. A. J. Jolley and John Upson. , Cemetery.—Aldermnn James Evans. Councillors Dirties, Chantler, Craik, Cunnington, Halliwell, Locker, Rogers Skelland and Steel, Markets.—Alderman JAMO.I Evans. Councillors Ash- croft, Chantler, Cunnington, Dickenson, Rogers, Sankey. Skelland, Singleton and Toole. Gas.—Aldermen Bolton, John Evans, Pierpoint, and Tinnion, Conncillors Birches, Locker, Roberts, Rogers, Sankey and Wilkinson. Town Hall, Parks and Baths.—Aldermen Bolton, Burton. :fames Evans and Smethurst, Councillors Birtles, Craik, Cunnington, Dickenson, Halliwell and Howard. Rivers.—Aldermen Bolton, Bennett, Burton, John Evans, Forshaw and Tinnioo, Councillors Dickenson, Fulton-Smith, Halliwell and Steel. • Fire Engine.—Alderman Burton, and Councillors Ashcroft, Bell inn, Broadhurst, Cunnington, Dicitenson, Howard, Lashford, Skelland and Wilson. Water.—Alderruen Bolton. John Evans and Forshaw, Councillors Craik, Fulton-Smith, Dr. Joseph, Locker, Pemberton, Roberts and Rogers. Gymnasium.—Aldermen John Evans, Smethurst and Tinnion,Councillors Broadhurst,Cunnineton, Dickenson, Hawthorn, Lashford, Skelland and Wilson, and the following non-members of the Council, viz : Messrs. Hugh Ferguson, Thomas Locker and John Upson. Electricity and Tramways.—Aldermen John Evans, Forshaw and Smethurst, Councillors Halliwell, Hawthorn, Howard, Dr. Joseph, Steel, Toole and Wilkinson.

• _ Small Holdings and Allotments.—Aldermen Bennett, Forshaw aad Tinnion, Councillors Birtles, Belllan, Cbantler, Pemberton, Roberts, Toole and 'Wilkinson. Towns.—Aldermen Bennett, James Evans and Pierpoint, Councillors Bellian, Dickenson, Locker, Pemberton, Singleton, Toole and Wilkinson. Bridges.—All the members of the Council. General Purposes —All the members of the Council.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESIDING ALDERMEN.

On the motion of Councillor WILKINSON, seconded by Councillor STEEL, the following presiding aldermen were appointed :—Town Hall, Alderman Smethurst; Whitecross, Alderman Pierpoint ; Bewsey, Alderman Burton: Orford, Alderman Forshaw ; St. John's, Alder- man Tinnion ; Fairfield, Alderman James Evans ; Howley, Alderman John Evans; St. Austin's, Alderman Bennett ; Latchford, Alderman Bolton.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE ASYLUMS BOARD.

Alderman SMETHURST proposed and Alderman BURTON seconded the appointment of Alderman James Evans as the representative on the Lancashire Asylums Board. Councillor PEMBERTON said he was not going to move an amendment, but he would point out that an alder- man once held this position for years. At that time he (the speaker) moved an amendment, which was carried, that another gentleman be appointed. He did not think that this appointment should he held hy one gentle- man continually. It should go round the Council. He meant no disrespect to Alderman Evens, but he would move that the position be given to another member on another occasion. The resolution was carried. LANCASHIRE INEBRIATES' ACTS BOARD.

On the motion of Alderman BURTON, seconded by Alderman BENNETT, Alderman Smethurst was appointed the representative on this Board.

COUNTY RATE JOINT COMMITTEE.

Alderman Bennett was appointed a rporesentative on this committep, on the iosolution of Aldprman JAMES EVANS, seconded by Alderman SMETHURST. REPRESENTATIVE GOVERNORS OF WARRING- TON GRAMMAR SCHOOL.

On the motion of Alderman TINNION, seconded by Councillor Asircaorr, the following representative governors on the governing body of the Warrington Grammar School were appointed :—Aldermen Bennett and Smethurst from December 4th, 1909; Councillor Roberts from January 9th, 1910. FISHERIES BOARD.

Alderman Pierpoint was, on the motion of Alderman BOLTON, seconder! by Alderman BURTON, elected repre- sentative of the Lancashire and Western Sea Fisheries Board.

REPRESENTATIVE MEMBERS OF THE EDUCATION ,COMMITTEE.

The folio wing were Appointed representative members on the Education Committee: Councillors Toole, Dickenson, Steel, Bellian, Holmes and Jenkins. Councillor Furt.ToN-SMITH, in proposing the names, said the last three-named gentlemen represented the same wards as the three who had ceased to be members of the committee.

Alderman BOLTON proposed that Councillor Cunning- ton be appointed on the Education Committee. He had been a member of the Council for a sufficiently bug period of time, and he had been promised the position. Councillor ROBERTS said the question of fitness should be the princinal point in selecting members of the committee. Some men had more intimate associations with education than others, and be thought the names proposed by Councillor Fulton-Smith were admirable. Councillor PEMBERTON considered it was highly improper tbat the Chairman of the Education Com- mittee should bring forward all the names. Councillor ROBERTS said the Chairman of the Com- mittee was naturally supposed to be intimately acquainted with the workings of the committee, and he was perfectly within his rights in submitting the names —in fact it was conducive to tho good government of the town. The amendment was lost. CO-OPTATIVE MEMBER OF .THE EDUCATION

===== 0002601_19091113_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
COMNIITTEE.

Mr. C. Ti. Unsworth was re-appointed a co-optative member of the Educatiok Committee on the recommen- dation of the Association of Roman Catholic Elementary schools in the borough.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
DISTRESS CONDIITTEE.

Councillor Bellian was appointed upon the Distress Committee in succession to Councillor Barton, resikned, and Mr. J. A. Rushworth was on the recommendation of the Board of Guardians reappointed on the same com- mittee in succession to Mrs. M. J. Wilkinson, resigned.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
OLD-AGE PENSIONS COMMITTEE.

On the motion of the NTAYon, seconded by Alderman SMETHURST, the following were appointed on the local Pension Committee :—Councillors Bellian, Halliwell, Holmes, Jenkins and Roberts.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
THE INFIRMARY.

The MAYOR read a letter from Mr. J. H. J. Hampson the secretary of the Warrington Infirmary, on behalf of the Board of Management, inviting the Mayor and

===== 0002601_19091113_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON MUSICAL SOCIETY.

MIN

===== 0002601_19091113_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
ITS WORK REVIEWED.

[CONCLUDED. j

1 must now digress for a moment to refer to Mr: F. H. Crossley, who about this time appeared on the scene. For some years previously he had been in Natal where he had been conductor of a society in Maritzburg and trainer of the Cathedral choir. He returned to England in 1887, and shortly afterwards went to study in Berlin with Messrs. Sauret and Louis Wolfe (the celebrated violinists), and Herr Tappert, returning to England in 1889. Shortly aftei his return he and a few friends met to discuss the possibility and advisability of forming a new society. This resulted in the birth of the "Orpheus Orchestral , Society," consisting of ladies and gentlemen, and whose main objects "shall be in the practice and occasional performance of such good classical music as shall come within the range and capacity of amateurs." It must be borne in mind that the Musical Society's band had again become practically defunct, and that the new soCiety was not in any sense antagonistic to the Musical Society, and also that for, the first time in Warrington, it gave facilities for lady instrumentalists meeting for practice in what may be considered as a • fully constituted orchestra. Mr. W. E. Atkin was the first secretary, and it was decided to ask the late Sir Gilbert Greenall to become president. This society at once got to work, and on February 22nd, 1890, gave a very successful concert with the 'help of Miss Mein (Mrs. W. E. Atkin), and Mr. F. W. Reynolds, at which an orchestral composition -by Mr. F. H. Crossley was performed. The proceeds of the concert were handed over to the Warringtoa Infirmary. Returning now to the Musical Society, the general meeting referred to above, was held on August 7th, 1890, when the following resolutions were passed : (a) That a Sub-committee be appointed to approach the Orpheus Orchestral Society with - a view to amalgamation, then to report and to submit proposals as to the future working of the society to an adjourned meeting,. . _ _

• (b) -That a special effort be made to wipe out the debt.

(e) That a hearty vote of thanks be accorded to Dr. Hiles for his service during the 25 years he had acted as conductor, together with an expression of regret that the present conditions of finance do not admit of his services being retained. (d) That Mr. F. H. Crossley be asked to accept the conductorship of the Amalgamated Societies. (e) That Mr. W. E. Atkin be asked to act as 'joint secretary with another gentleman to be appointed. (f) That the &ciety give four concerts during the season.

These resolutions were carried out and practices were commenced in due course in Trinity School, a very successful season resulting. For the third con- cert soloists were selected from each division of the chorus by votes of makers. On March 19th, 1891, Mr. F. H. Crossley gave a very interesting and instructive lecture on " Meridelssohn " in the Wesleyan School, illustrated by vocal- and instru- mental examples of the master's music, rendered by several members of the Society: On April 29th, the follotving resolution Was passed by the Committee :—" That this Committee place on record their appreciation of Mr. F. H. Crossley's unvarying patience, his indomitable perseverance, and unvarying courtesy throughout the season, and would . pleased to offer a sum of twenty guineas as an. 'honorarium to their conductor not in any sense as a recompense tor such services, ,but as a slight recognition." The treasurer's accounts for the season showed a balance in-hand of £22 4s. 2d. During the following season, 1891-2, Mr. A. Sutton kindly placed his Music Room at the disposal of the Committee for orchestral practices. The same year a scheme was evolved to adapt the Public Hall for a theatre. This necessitated great structural alterations, and the removal of the Society's organ. A meeting of the trustees was called. and a committee was appointed to try and dipose of the organ. This; however, proved impossible, and ultimately it was taken down by Messrs. Wadsworth, of Manchester, and was given storage room at Bank Quay by Mr. John White. The following seation, 1892-3, was a very unsatis- factory one on account of the small-pox epidemic, and owing to the fact that professionals declined to come to Warrington. On this account two concerts were abandoned altogether. The third of the season was given, and Mendelssohn's " Athalie "was performed, Mrs. Arthur Edelsten very kindly reciting the narrative portions of the work. This concert, given on April 26th, 1892, was the last given in the Public Hall prior to its conversion ,into the Royal Court Theatre. The first performance after was a series of tableaux vivants, with an appropriate musical programme, which were given in aid of the funds of the Musical Society. This building (the Royal Court Theatre) proved so very unsuitable for concerts, that it was decided to give no more there, and the following season, 1893-4, the first concert was given in the Drill Hall, and the second in the Gymnasium, but there was a great expense incurred in fitting them to accommodate the band and chorus, which now numbered about 180 performers, and a further loss resulted, making the total deficit £lO5. It had been previously announced that J. C. Parr, Esq., intended building and presenting to the town a new Concert Hall,. and at the annual meeting on September 25th, 1894, the Chairman (Mr. White), referring to this, stated that Mr. Parr was very favourably disposed towards the society, and that it was probable that it would be invited to take part in the opening ceremony. In view of the impossibility of working with any success, pending the completion of the new hall it was decided to give no more concerts till then, but to continue rehearsals. These were, however, discontinued later, and not resumed till January 22nd, 1895. In January, 1895, the Latchford Dramatic Society gave some performances in aid of the Musical Society, which resulted in £32 being handed to the Treasurer of the Society. In May, 1895, the organ trustees met to consider an offer made by Mr. Parr to find £4OO on loan wherewith to enlarge and 'rebuild the organ in the new hall under arrangement with -the Corporation, which gave the Society a rental and the Corporation the proceeds of letting, and also the option to pur- chase at any later date agreed upon. This offer was accepted, and Messrs. Gray and, Davidson were entrusted with the work. A new case was designed to suit the hall, and the organ was erected in time for the opening of the "Parr Hall" on September 12th, 1895. The total cost was about £350, and a special effort 'was made to raise the money. By February, 1897, a stun of £232 had been raised, and a further sum was subscribed later. (The agreement with the Corporation remained in force for about three years, when, the receipts from letting the organ not proving sufficiently large, the Corporation declined to continue the payment to the' Society, and fresh negotiations were entered into and continued till about June, 1903, when the trustees (having taken legal . advice) trans- ferred the organ to the Corporation on satisfactory terms).

During the seasons 1894-6 the Society gave no regular concerts, but Mr. F. H. Crossley, Mr. F. W. Reynolds, assisted by a vocalist and Mr. Carl Fuchs (cellist), gave two chamber concerts in the Co-operative Hall, under the auspices of the Musical Society. The accounts showed a loss ofl2 ss. 11d. The following season 1895-6 began on September 26th, 1895, the date of the, opening of the Parr Hall. At Mr. Parr's request, the Society gave two concerts, "Judas Maccabeus " at 2.45 p in. and a miscellaneous concert at night, when Sullivan's "On Shore and Sea" was included in the programme. Three more concerts were given, and resulted in a deficiency on the season of 4() 7s. 2d.

In 1896-7, three concerts were given, inclqding the " Messiah" which was given very successfully on December 19th, at popular prices, and it resulted in a gain of ;£26 19s. Od. The third concert (on March 31st, 1897) opened with" God Save the Queen " in

memory of Queen Victoria's Diamond Jubilee. At the annual meeting on June 13th, 1897, Rule 1 was altered and members' subscriptions were raised to ss. for single-members, and 2s. 6d. for each additional member of the same family. The chorus was reported as numbering 161 and the orchestra 34 members.

During the following season, 1897-8, the Society sustained a great loss in the death of Mr. John Rylands, who might well have been called the father of the Society, having been more or less actively and officially connected with it from its earliest days, and for many years its president. The report of the annual meeting on June 16th, 1898, was a very satisfactory one. The chorus and band numbered 192 members and "had attained great efficiency und6r the able conductorship of Mr. Crossley," An alteration and reduction in the scale of subscriptions and admission prices which had been made appeared to have borne good fruit, and the treasurer reported total receipts of £460 13s. 11d. (probably :the largest income received by the Spciety in any one year). A profit on the season of :C47 6s. 6d. had resulted and "This excellent result was in great 'measure due to their conductor, who was not Only a good musician, but was also a good business man and concerned himself intimately in the working of the Societ:::." , The next season 1898-9 was again fairly successful, the band and chorus numbered 227 and the accounts shewed a small deficit only of .:£3 is. 9d. The , " Messiah "„was again performed as an extra concert:

Season 1899-1900. -The band and chorus numbered 222 members, and had done some excellent work including Gounod's "Faust " and "Redemption." The " Messiah " had been given. again, but the concert had proved, rather disastrous and lost £3O. The accounts showed a deficiency of £29 on the season, against which there were outstanding sub- scriptions to come in, amounting to £l2 17s. 6d. At the annual meting on Jtily 9th, Mr. John White (who was in the chair) remarked "that the season had been one of the most successful musically, and it was gratifying to notice that perfect harmony had prevailed throughout the Society owing mainly to the tact and ability of their respected conductor. As regarded the debt, the Society had almost always been in debt, and would be, but the amount was small and they need not worry, but they might soon have to take steps to wipe it out." Mr. Lord was appointed honorary. assistant secretary.

The following season Mr. J. B. Caldwell resigned his position as honorary organist, and at the annual meeting. (July 9th, 1901) a rose bowl was presented to him in recognition of his services. The report on this season was unsatisfactory, the loss being £7l ; s. 9d., increasing the debt to £154 14s. 6d. The Chairman, commenting on the report, remarked" that the season had been a disastrous, one, not only for Warrington, but for other societies, owing to the lamentable death of the Queen and other events which had placed the country in mourning; he thought that some suggestions should be made which would tend to place the Society upon a more satisfactory financial footing. As an educational body, they could not be doing better work . . The conductor said it had been suggested that one of Gilbert and Sullivan's operas should be given; he however did not consider such music suitable for concerts, but he would be quite willing to do one in operatic form, and invited suggestions from outsiders and others. A dance was suggested and later a ladies' committee was formed to make the necessary arrange- ments. This dance was given in the Parr Hall on Tuesday, February 11th, 1902, and realized, with subscriptions, £5O. At the next annual meeting, July 13th, 1903. the Treasurer reported a loss on the season of £26 65., and the debt as standing at £136 Os. 7d. Mr. Crossley again referred to the question of giving an opera per- formance, and suggested that , if a guarantee fund could be raised to avoid arty possibility of loss, an opera should be given for three nights, the probable cost being about £lOO. This suggestion was acted on and a special Opera Committee was elected to make all arrangements after obtaining the guarantee fund. Mr. G. F. F. White, who had for some years acted as honorary librarian, resigned, and Mr. G. Johnson was elected to fill the vacancy thus caused. The next annual meeting took place on May 4th, 1003, when prospects looked §omewhat brighter. There had been a small loss on the'season, £l6 14s. 6d., making fhe deficit £156 16s„ but the Secretary announced that "after four years negotiations,the organ trustees bad (as mentioned above) come to an arrange- ment with the 'Corporation as to the organ, which (though a valuable asset) had been somewhat of a white elephant. The arrangement would clear off the debt brought forward from the previous sedson and the debt on the organ, leaving only the loss on the. last season (116 14s. 6d.) to be dealt with." He also stated' that a suggestion had been made by Mr. Monks, that a reserve fund should be established, and that he (the Secretary) had been in consultation with him. He himself saw considerable difficulty in doing this, but he was in sympathy with the proposal. The matter after discussion was left in the hands of the Committee. In February, 1903, another dance was given and realized £6 10s. 9d. In October, 1903, the Society gave its first opera performance—Gilbert and Sullivan's opera, "The Yeomen of the Guard "—with great success, and not the least satisfactory feature was the united and whole-hearted way in which all concerned had worked together to attain this success. The financial result was a sum of £134 10s. 3d. being handed oveFto the treasurer. It was decided to repeat the experiment, and a isub-committee was again appointed to carry this decision into effect. The annual report for this season made at the meeting on June 13th, 1904, gave a loss on the season of £69, but after crediting the Organ, Opera and Dance Funds, there was a balance in hand of £3B ss. 9d. to carry forward. The second opera. "The Gondoliers," given for six nights in October. 1904, was even more successful than the first. and £2lB 3s. 3d. was handed over, out of which £2OO was invested as a start for the reserve fund. The concerts this season lost £4B Os. Bd., but the balance from last ' season and the ,opera funds covered this, and left £6 19s. 6d. to carry forward. At the annual meeting, September 11th, 1905, the Chairman. .Mr. Monks, suggested that the Education Committee should be approached as he thought it possible that they might be willing to vote a sum ..of money to teach an elementary instrumental class. Mr. W. E. Atkin (honorary secretary) resigned and Mr. C. P. Gough was elected in his stead. The fltird opera performance " The Mikado "was performed on October 16th to 21st, 1005, and was again very successful, £214 15s. od. being handed over to the treasurer. On July 10th, 1906, a sub- committee was appointed to meet representatives of the Warrington Male Voice Choir to discuss the question of its members joining the Musical Society, The fourth opera, " lolanthe," was given on October 15th to 20th, 1906, and was again a success, £lB2 I7s. Bd. being handed to the treasurer. On

February 9th, 1907, a special miscellaneous concert was given in aid of the Infirmary Extension Fund and ;£5O was handed over from the general funds of the Society. On October Bth, the treasurer was author- ised to invest a further sum of £2OO in Warrington o,r Liverpool Corporation Bonds, or in Mersey Dock and Harbour Board. On April 30th, 1907, occurred the death of Mr. L- W. Reynolds, then honorary treasurer. His connee; tion Nfith the society, first as honorary secretary Ott - later as honorary treasurer, dated from 1867, .a period, of 30 years, during which term he had devoted much time and enerlgy to the Society's interests. Mr. W. E. Atkin was elected to fill the Vacancy. , At the annual meeting, 1907, another loss on the season of £29 14s. sd. was announced, but a larger number of members had been enrolled than in anY previous season. The fifth opera (a repetition of "The Yeoraen..of the , Guard ") was given in October, 1907. This was not/ very successtul, and only a small profit resulted, which was held over by the Opera Committee towards the expenses of the sixth opera, which it was proposed to give in October, 1908. At the annual meeting, September sth, 1908, the loss reported amounted to Y-45 2s. 7d., and the balance in hand carried to next account was ;€8 Bs. Mr. C. r• Gough resigned, and Mr. %V. E. Atkin was requested to accept the secretaryship again. -To this he con- sented, the 'writer being appointed treasurer. resolution was passed empowering the Committee te' confer honorary membership upon any member or members who had successfully followed music as 3" profession, and had rendered good and useful service to the Society. " This resolution was carried int° effect later, when Mrs. Booth and Miss Anderto were elected as honorary members. For the Society's sixth opera, given on October 12th to 17th, 1908, Edward German's "Mer"e England" was selected. This being more ambitious than previous operas, and requiring a greater number of perforMers and more space on the 'stage than i 9 provided in the Pailr Hall, an arrangement was made with the manager 'of the Court Theatre, and the performance was given there. This was in every W',33r excellent, and was most successful, but unfortunate'Y'' owing to heavy expenses and low prices of admission, it, was not a financial success, and the sum of 35 17s. Bd. was all that could be handed over to the Musical Society on account of this and the previoas- year's performance. Of the season 1908-9, there is nothing of special interest to record, but on April 6th an important committee meeting was held, when an Opera Cotn- mittee for the ensuing season was appointed, and proposal was was made to form special ladies and gentle- men s committees to endeavour to bring the publia more in touch with the society, to circulate .a more thorough knowledge of its work, and in any other waY to further the interest of the Society. It is hoped that this will result in a largely augmented subscription list, and a useful and tangible increase in the reserve • fund. I have now brought this history up to date. What the future will bring no one can say, but all must admit that to have existed, as it has, for 75 years* under so many adverse circumstances as are hereiu. recorded, the Society must possess great vitality. 01, the excellent work it has done and is doing still, all the immense influence for good which has emanated from it, there can be no question. If one person out. of every ,hundred of Warrington's population would 'take a practical interest in the Society, much more good work could and would be done, and if the issue of this history, will help the .attainment of this end, the writer will feel well repaid for time and trouble.; given. The Society .has, during its existence, lost many friends and workers, too numerous to mentioa by name. To this list must, to the sorrow of all whO knew him, be added the name of Mr. John 'Whitet. whose lleath has occurred since he revised these sheets. His connection with the Society covers a. ipriod of 51 years, during part of which he filled the' (Rees of assistant secretary, secretary, treasurer and president, and did much and useful work.

-RION 1 YCEIG:CiSfATISM LEASE

===== 0002601_19091113_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
TORTURED 12 YEARS WITH PILES,

Doctors Said Operation The Only Hope. Zam-Buk Completely Cures Without,.

No one should consent to undergo the painfill surgical operation for piles without first trying Zam-Buk, which is daily falsifying the idea that pile cannot be cured without an operation. The new of of Mrs. Kate Davies, 50, James Place, Devour'''. street, Commercial-road, London, E., throws light' nil the special merits alone belonging to Zam-Buk. "For twelve years I suffered ceaselessly from blin( piles," Mrs. Davies told a London Pressman. commenced after one of my confinements. I ell never forget the agony I endured from the burning 0, stinginy pain. Many a time I was so exhausted I ba" to give up my work. From time to time I was uncl„er the care of doctors, but not one of them gave me tutl slightest relief. Besides the doctors' ointments, used an endless number of cheap ointments and salve:. jaileuf. from the chemists. Everything completely however, and I got in such a dreadful state that' went to the hospital as. a last hope. "The hospital doctors told me a surgical operation,' was the only cure. I left the hospital very despondent, for I dreaded an operation, yet I could not see anY other way of obtaining relief from the torturing con"; plaint. Just.after leaving the hospital, however, I bat' the good fortune to meet a friend, who told me elle. had been cured of piles .by Zam-Buk. I decided t 4 try Zam-Buk before undergoing theoperation. I shalt never forget the relief I got from the very firs application of the balm! "The burning pain that had tortured me so I°l. gradually died away. Very naturally I perserere with Zanz-Buk, and got so much relief that in a fnsvf days the fear of the operation ceased to haunt me. `. felt that Zam-Buk wan going to cure me, and I tr 36 not mistaken, All the pain and irritation went ailn and finally the piles entirely ceased to trouble 'lite. is many months now since Zam-Buk cured me, but j have continued free from the distressing complaint' 0 cannot Speak too highly of Zam-Buk, which I 3 never now without."

WATERPROOFING\ BOOTS AND SHOE S'r on' In this damp season it is worth while to call attaa-,lisl to the value of castor-oil as a waterproofing matfet—is for boots end shoes, says " Farm and Home." 4" be best applied before a moderate fire. The boots to ro dressed should be quite clean and dry, and special °lir should be given to the welt and the tongues and tliehe stitching to the upper leathers. Begin by ring t" pou dle oil from the bottle all round the welt, so that the Bob between the sole and upper leather is quite filled w oil, and then proceed all over the boot, includiat,„n edges of the soles, rubbing it, in with the hands. ""1., half till is done, have a turn at the other, and so alternatea4 till you have got in about a tablespoonful and a to each boot.

EYESIGHT HINTS.

Occasional dimness of vision is a sign of defect which needs careful diagnosis. Weakbilect of the eyes, and a sense of having to FORCE them to do their work, are troubles sv ' shoukNead to consultetion with us. OUR CHARGES ARE LOW. JOHNSTON WATSON Eyesight Specialist, 84, BRIDGE St., WARRINGTON Hours of Business: 9.30 to 7.30. Saturday 9.30 to 9. 5.30 NOTE Johnston Watson attends on Monday and Tuesday from 11 to 4.30, Wednesday 11 to --. Thursday 11 to 1, Friday and Saturday 11 to 5.30, or by appointment.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
Th foUnC eelvel game ings, the c

===== 0002601_19091113_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
Varrit vitunao 14eiph t. Re

The Lioneftt vrork t 11le fo i times 1° the 1

. -

===== 0002601_19091113_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR FOOTBALL PHOTO PRIZE SCHEME.

IPhoto

[Tone.

-.,--- 44 ,t...- [T7 • -, . - .<-7,.-...-7,,, ;,:.7,',4 r - ' '' • " .N.:, - ."`l'..'", • -;:?..,40..4.,4,70%,,up,..- ~. .- ' , -;...... - /. ~,, . ~...„-: , ,N,t.,,,;.... .. ~,,,,,rt,:&,,1ti..4.,•viag,,,,„.....,•••••„:;:.:,..,•:--„,,,., ~., ~. ~ 4._ ~... ~ „,...„..„,,,:„.•,...g„.„,:,,:vo„..„:„:4" •.. 4. ~ , . / .. ••• , ~ ~. ...„....„.. •_.„.., r --.; ~ , . -,...,...:1;K:..,4..nt....,:*41:.e. r....,......:, ..,._, . ,_„,.„.......,.,,,.• ..,.,...• •••, ~„.:.,,.....,.,„„.:,,:.,..,,,,...,... „:„...............,,:.„:„„,,,.. ......„:„........,..,,..,..: .:.„,,,,,4,,.. ~..,•• • .....,..., w'r ,' - ..., .-,..' .7.`''.:::?..' .;.....';:. !'`.`..:.....z.;',..t4.....,...,, ~... ~1 'l':- .: ' <1.:::-..,.,.::..,..,.. 0,:,1 ~.....,.::‘ .. ' ...... . ,•-, - .•...44,&!,,,,,..,...!:...,,1:1,44:,,Zr --,,--- iTt. ?kfs::;:r-:,;ii....i::::::;.:.,;..--.•,.::::::::T4Altipt...:,;''''''. 7f 3,,,5.,:.'''i5,,4,:;, -,,,:' ,-.‘;'......-'.....::-.4.`;•-,,,,,,,,,-J-......'!!:•,•'::;'' ~-,,,,4-,-,4,,,,.... .4*.iti.',1.....'..4.....-110.V.........,-.y.:...,!*44.14:;e4:: . • ...r er....lft:,' .:.,--..- ,';.,.'...1'...,' ' ,:.:,... ~,...--.L- ::..• .:—.......:•-.,...;-.;7,;. ': -- : --'-' •:, ,:., ~ • .:, t: .i.,;..p. ;•-. :: , ","."., , ..7",..T - -- . ..-----.• . ... 7 . t*M„ itsei •••• ~.....,40,--,...?•,..• .--z,-,,,,,,...-(..• v,..., ',.,..;<•.„.••,.• ~.....-..-.4,;•,!.'4........-.:-......... 1,•,,,,r44„:,..-,,it,......,....,...,.......174,-. „.:... ..,.:.• . \;',:::.....,..;,, - ~,,,.,,,,,,,,,,,,, ....,„.:;•,,„/,::.4.... -,.., ....., .-.: --::, . . -s., .~,---1 ..N.....t,,.-; ~; ;.,:, —. ..„ ~....".,- ~ ~,,,...,,,,,........,,,.•. , fr, \ -:;,k,„,, ~..:..:.... . -...--•,,,---7.• -' -1,-,...--------; - -,f-;;;.--1-fir.- ' • --.'", 4, . . ; ta''''.l".-4,.. vo:. . , .- - % ':-;t,..tr-- l'f:' ,:klii-'`," ''; ..,•;• , - '''l,-.:',..''' " ...7kilttl. :•'.-..:4.:,,A i' •;io:4,"*. ..).......?,!•':'',"...-',•;',:„=, ~‘•'',•;!..,....:.:::-..!;,...7.;., ,It•oii., ~<, „.„, .F*l2.ti, ~.,,,,,4, -_-,i--rf.:- ..,,1-;:;.,:.1-,,,k4 1 1 r-te:Aiiimit:.. ~''':',.,.,, ---;',-,.__--1.4.- -_,-xg.,:". '4. ." `.. ~.....*-.--.'..; 'lt.„,, . ~'.40E.-...;;.. "'" . ~..75-4 • VA-.:.,,r;;V.,,.:.ir:,,;("5`ti• .1.i:',.,•,;-?..,,,iiti_;4...W1 ~. -:.!•:::A. V..*,,,,,.: '''?.....,, .41,14t,-?.0';17-e.F:1,-;'..,?..7,7,--.:,! ._. - r - —--„ ,- - -,-,.. : Ae-T4s,._, ,iii-..." 4:117'• -,,#.. . '', ,0.. A . •- i,,,a,..,' • ;,. , . ' ',...:, . ::.:.. ''..-,2: -3 ''''.4..F.;:-;.4,,,„u-ew ,-- .-,-:>..,:, ilti.,:;s4.-: '.N..;.... '., Z:lvt ~;-. ..- t. '!,: s':::- ,'-'',.,-,. 4 " :...",V`, , - .. • sr'" . '' . ' "%.,•:s'. ' `'W 1W,:.;,t490 • ^".:' '. . . WiallA;:7,i;* '4''' ''.;, ' ilof 'i. '. ''''' '--- ' ' .>':'/6:,1:; 4' ••• ,' . -,,!` ''.' , . -• ::t• ite..: ',' ..',. -."... ,-- ' ...t., . r . - - -- - ..,---,,,, 40,,,,V..v.:4 ff. 7.,.,- , -....5. .-. .......: •a" - 'l,- ine,,,-;t4,,,^',,.., r.,,,--,!- •_.., • . ..:.. ~. 4,,,,-sex,,sr,,, -:7,4 ~.... • ~...... ` ' .'..,... ~.•,, ".`:.:::?..,---,-- -.--;!,!!!‘ <1 "1",-...;;:.!...0t.: . ' .4,:.......- •,:,;,,, • 4 --, 7,q ',4P. : - • .;::....7. ,:i •,,-, • ...,...4.,,•:;.k* ~.,1,,,,, ~.. ..,,, ..‘.-., t,,,*:•.,*.ri1/4%.•-•'lL,„'.',i.:.:- .-+A1,4::..i.:V.V.,4'''.4,40.NV,,*tt-',4 •. • ' - '' . .. 1 .:::.• ...':.:•::-It:;....,,,;-;4e.. i, '''''' ''''' - , ".4"-;.-B.:'.t,r. ~.,P,...*:',,,t-V,'''. .„,,•-• ,- -....A.p,,,,,7,1.-,--,ii,t1.4,v,A,..• 4,'-',,',0,,kip,,, ' • . '•' • 2 •,. '.,4,‘•.-- ' ' i'v''-• .- '-x...• ;••1'••- '' cc:, -i(f.'4,,•.',,:i-i.II-144,•,::-!1"A:.:,,,,,..'-',Z....4,.frr,i.,,,•:17.T.P.N......-:"Aq''',-`- . ' . '-' ..• •-•' ...'..i.'f;',.':---..! ~..t'-'7',4r.,. ;.,4'..,:i ~..• . .. i'4, -'.11„,,,,,,...,.::::i&Awat:t''.2....•ti.,;,..v4P--...-?!,..P.,,,"c4 ,if:tw.T.:14.•;...,' •. ' . • • : - .:. ..,•-..,,:t•,,,:-_,. •••••.-:,,,..,..';,f,-,- ..: '''•.,••••Am...-''.•,-.1-7.• .'.. - - 4.-T,ktri6cl:o4rOW-v-,.„'=:-.t.na'..t. 4';''''''-ri''''..- ' . %;* -'• < ,:.-..c.,.:., ::.,--....i,,,,,e-1•14,-4,,myArdrEA':',ft:=t!,.--;Al•-',-.. ..4-:•,....-,.,*,.N....p.... ~ , -...-- ~, ,•- -, --?w,:-4,.....,..,. ~- ~:2,,,,,1t.'..9-i:',..'5.4_,,t4.,,,...04,-:.?t..z,,., -.... •;,•,• , ,i,:,-..-;:::,i.k. ,:.;;,... •., . . ~-.- ...„....„..„,.. ~ ... : ~.,.,. .. •:.„.... 4,...... .:. ~• rif.,•• c• ~..... - - ':' ... , ~• -..,;.::...-.c..,....i...-Ts.-.-.:,-, ....,..,,, .k,.... . ' k3e ..:,,,,. ',AO:: ... ...7... .../.. A. 7,1 .. . :. . ..... . •

===== 0002601_19091113_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CROWD AT THE WARRINGTON ":A" v. OLDHAM "A" MATCH.

The original of the portrait marked with a X will receive the " Examiner " prize of ss. on calling at the office in Bewsey-street on or before Friday next, November 19th. Two prizes of ss. are offered for every First "A " Team match at Wilderspool. The prize for the Warrington " A " v. Pembe' 104, Greenall's-avenue, Warrington.

Team match, and one prize of ss. for every

ton match has been claimed by Joseph Bostock,

ing the first class. Frawley did some clever things, but he will never get his international form back until Warrington find a centre who can and will work with him. I am convinced Warrington have a fine wing in the Australian if he is only encouraged and found opportunities on the field of play. A word of of praise Is due also to Smith for a smart and plucky display despite a badly gashed knee. Mclntyre played one of the soundest games I have seen him play yet, but for once his goal-kicking was" oph."

The bar on the importation of Colonial players was bound to come, and little can be said against the resolution of the N.U. Committee which was, passed on Tuesday night. That resolution reads as follows: "That any player belonging to any League club in membership with the Northern League, Australian League, or the New Zealand League, shall not be allowed to play in either of the other leagues without the consent of the club to which he belong 6, such consbnt to be obtained through the League of which such club is a member. In the case of a player wishing to leave one League for another. and his transfer being refused by the club he is leaving, such player shall be allowed to play in the county of his adoption after a two years' residental qualification, any player's touring qualification to date from the completion of the tour."

Warrington certainly have the credit or is it disgrace ?—of being the cause of such a resolution being passed. Their cabling for Stuntz was a new idea in football management, and opened the eyes of the governing body to possibilities which might tell against the interests of the Union. Certainly, if most of the crack clubs in the N.U. League were to follow Warrington's example and import Colonials who had won fame on their native soil, there would be little chance of the game 'flourishing in Australia and New Zealand. Morever, the people "down under" might retaliate in kind. " Jack " Fish or Jimmy Leytham might set sail for the Antipodes if there was a bag of gold waiting to be picked up on arrival. The thing could not be allowed to develop, obviously, and Warrington are lucky in having booked O'Malley, Frawley and Stuntz before the embargo has been put on. There is a good sprinkling of Colonials in the Union already, and Clubs ought to be com- pelled to cultivate local talent. The matches for to-day are :

LANCASMIIE CUP SEMI-FINALS. Leigh v. Runcorn. Swinton v. Wigan.

NORTHERN LEAGUE 24—..2 Batley. v. Keighley.

3-18 Braniley v. te-ed;. 20-16 Broughton Rangers v. Rochdale, 11— 0 Hunslet v. Dewsbury. Hull Kingston Rovers v. Salford, 0— 7 Widnes v. Oldham. 5 0 Warrington v. Merthyr.

The Warrington men should take the field with light hearts to-day, for Merthyr can hardly be counted serious Opposition, though they were only beaten by 5 points to nil at Wilderspool last season. These figures should he quadrupled to-day, for Warrington were at their worst last year when Merthyr were their visitors, and to-day they are at their best. There has been one notable change in the team. Brooks is standing down "by order" to see if a rest willerestore him to form, and Lloyd fills the vacancy. Probably the "A" team man will be good enough for the occasion.

The team will be: Tilley, fullback; Fish, Dicken- son, Taylor and Bradshaw, threequarters ; Jenkins and Lloyd, half-backs; Boardman, Shugars, O'Niell, Belton and Thomas, forwards.

The"• A" team have rather a stiff engagment at Runcorn, and a strong side has been selected, Smith being an absentee owing to his injured knee. The side is : Mclntyre, full back; Landor, Cartwright, Jordan and Frawley, threequarters ; Kay and Daintith, half-backs; Chesters, Boardman, Bradshaw, Harmer, Gibbs and Naylor, forwards. •

„ 0 OTISTILLA LT, ' arta 1.4,511(A47.;)i • tp. S , ' f. • a • '44

===== 0002601_19091113_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES BY " OVALIST."

It is hardly worth while claiming a reputation as a prophet on the strength of the result at Oldham. I expected Warrington to lose, and so did most people but they came nearer winning than was thought likely. Anyhow they had to sacrifice the leading position in the League and it will take some real bard work to regain the honour of heading the table. They have excellent prospects during the current month, however, with home engagements against Merthyr, Runcorn, and Wigan, and Wakefield away. Why should not all those matches be won?

There is no fault to find with Warrington's per- formance. To run the Watersheddings brigade to a try on their own ground was a fine feat, and quite as much as Warrington supporters expected. A little bit of luck would have given Warring- ton the victory, for they thoroughly overplayed Oldham in the first half and ought to have Secured a commanding lead. They did secure the first five points and ought to have had ten, but near half time Oldham scored twice and gained what proved to be the winning lead. The second half was largely in Oldham's favour, but five minutes from the Close Brooks rushed over near the posts and there Was much dissatisfaction in the Warrington ranks When Referee Smith judged the pass from Fish to have been forward.

The game was a fine one to _watch, and Oldham found themselves opposed to a team as good as them- selves. The Warrington forwards played a great game in the first half and quite dominated the proceed- ings, while the backs did some strong work, though the combination was not as smart as could have been desired. O'Malley was brilliant in the loose and had the hardest of luck in having the ball kicked away Just as he was grounding. On another occasion he saved the situation for Warrington in dramatic style. Five Oldham men had a clear field and the ball in their possession when the Australian dashed up behind and with a flying dive brought down the man with the ball by the heels. Jenkins also did grand Work, his tackling being an object lesson. Brooks ?nade some strong dashes on the attack, but was not In his best form by a long way. As a rule Fish does /Int distinguish himself • greatly at Oldham, and on Saturday he was employed more on the defence than the attack. Several times he was busy appealing when he should have been playing.

The sensation of the day was Bradshaw's try admitted all round to be the finest effort seen at Oldham this season. He seized the opportunity in fine style and the way he ran for over three-quarters 3f the field was treat to watch. Deane and Tyson found the task of overhiuling the young winger beyond their powers. It was a weak kick by the Oldham full bock, who was too close up, which gave Bradshaw the oPening, and well he turned it to account. It was thought by many that he got a second try at the Corner after passing, but the verdict was against him. Anyhow he played a rattling good game. But what Of Warrington's goal kicking? Fish missed con- l'erting Bradshaw's try from a position right in front of the posts. Thomas missed an easy penalty, and it Was left to Dickenson to drop the only goal which Warrington obtained. There is a falling-off in goal- kicking which will cost Warrington dearly if not remedied. They have only kicked thirteen goals in ten matches, out of 29 tries and numerous penalties. Is there any serious practice of place-kicking by any raember of the first team? I have never heard of it, and truth to tell it has been a neglected point for Years.

,The Warrington men were much struck with the ...display of Anlezark at half-back. He was one of the kangaroo " stars" in the last tour, but was rarely seen owing to an injured knee. To-day he is playing a fine game for Oldham, and works the scrum with the utmost skill. A feature of his play is variety. He uses his brains as well as his boots, and keeps the other side on the Watch by alternating the long pass, the run round, and the short kick. Warrington's halves were considered he better pair at Oldham but they would have been lafinitely better if they had shown the resource of ,Anlezark. He taught them a thing or two which I 'lope they will carefully remember. Deane played a strong centre game, but on the whole the Oldham backs found themselves well matched. It is rather 1111 usual for neither Tyson nor G. W. Smith to get a try. The same may be notea in respect of Fish, who also tetired pointless for only the second time this season.

The League table up to date is as follows : yor. _ _ Agst._ Per-

P. W. L. D. G. T. P. aT. P. oentage Runcorn 9 7 1 1...13 22 92...12 14 66... 83.83 ,Oldham 97 2 0...16 35 137...10 8 44... 7777 „_,-,eecla ,wskeli'd T 9 7 2 0...21 7 123... 6 14 54... 77•77 warringtonlo 7 2 1...13 29 113...11 14 64... 7500 11a13 H.R 12 9 3 0...37 31 167...18 25 111... 7500 Leigh Lludderaft'dlo 7 3 0...16 34 134...14 17 79....70.00 ),..Aeighley 9 6 3 0...21 2i 126...13 16 74... 66.66 11 7 4 0...28 36 164...15 25 105... 63.63 naelet rdalford Halifax t. Helens 9 4 3 2...22 31 134...15 26 106... 5555 ,v,vitgan 8 4 4 0...17 26 112...10 14 62... 50.00 na„ tley 10 5 5 0...24 20 108...13 15 71... 50400 winton Widnes 83 4 1... 7 9 41...10 IG 68... 4375 ,bewsbury 9 3 5 1... 8 13 55...11 23 91... 3888 tibbw Valelo 3 6 1... 9 16 66...17 18 88... 3500 9 3 6 0...11 15 67...18 31 138... 3333 .11 roughton.lo 3 7 0...20 22 106.. 29 44 190... 30•00 lizadford NlO 3 7 0... 9 8 42...15 26 108... 3000 .Lork lO 2 8 0...15 11 63...26 28 136... 2000. ,olert.hyr lO 1 8 1... 9 11 51...17 29 121... 15.00 ..40ehda1e 8 1 7 o, 3 13 45...16 26 110... 12.50 ,-vreberbert 7 0 7 0... 2, 10 34...21 30 133...10000 locamley

. The South-West Lancashire League up-to-date is as 40llows : Points.

P. W. L. D. For. Agst. Pts. arrin:4ton ~41unnorn 3 2 0 1 ... 13 ... 12 ... 5 4,eigh t. Helens 3 0 2 1 ... 25 ... 37 ... 1 xv.. ianes "igsn...••• 2 0 2 0 ... 7 ... 17 ... 0

The "A" team took care not to make a slip for the L'enefit of Oldham " A " on Saturday, and by sterling v,Zork they got the better of a powerful visiting side. Ve forwards worked with a will, and the backs coin- in effective fashion. Lloyd was very smart at nlies,but plainly lacked the speed to turn his openings r tie best account. Cartwright was really the best of the 411814 men, and he is certainly showing form approach-

===== 0002601_19091113_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL

THE NORTHERN UNION.

Results of Saturday's Matches.

NORTHERN RUGBY LEAGUE. G. T. P. G. T. P. Leeds

Hunslet Dewsbury Wakefield Trinity 5 5 25 Bramley -1 2 8 Huddersfield Keighley 3 4 18 Halifax Widnes 1 1 5 Rochdale H 0 0 0 Hull Salford 5 5 25 Barrow Wigan Runcorn Leigh Oldham 1 2 8 Warrington Ebbw Vale ...... ... 2 210 Treberbert LANCASHIRE COMBINATION.

G. T. P. G. T. P. Rochdale H 1 1 5 Widnes Warrington' 1 2 8 Oldbam 0 0 0 Broughton R. 2 1 7 Wigan 0 2 6 St. Helens Warrington's Brave Fight at Oldham.

Warrington lost their position as leaders of the League on Saturday at Oldham, but they played a excellent game and were only beaten by 8 points to 5. Fine weather favoured the match, which was a popular one at Oldham, and 16,000 spectators assembled. Both sides were at full strength and the game was full of exciting incidents q.nd good football. Tbe teams were: Oldham—Wood, back; Tyson, Deane, Llewellyn, and Smith, three-quarter backs; White and Anzelark, half backs; Ferguson, Avery, Jardine, Owens, Helm, and Wright? forwards. Warrington—Tilley, back; Fish, Dickenson, Taylor, and Bradshaw, three-quarter backs; Brooks and Jenkins, half backs ; Boardman, Belton, O'Neill, O'Malley, Shugars, and Thomas, forwards. Referee, Mr. J. H. Smith (Widnes). Touch judges, Messrs. Edwards (Rochdale), and Tillison (Salford). Warrington started in very strong fashion, and were early on attacking in the home quarter? where Wood defended gallantly. Oldham responded with good play by Anzelark, Deane, and Tyson, which was met in proper style by the Warrington hacks. The stay in the Warrington quarter was brief and a magnificent rush by Warrington forwards drove Oldham to the line again. Hero Tilley marked in good position, but Thomas could not manage the goal. Hot work was seen in the home quarter, and both wings were nearly in. Oldham made another incursion in the Warrington half where Wood punted rather wide. Bradshaw fielded well and finding himself well placed he dashed between Deane and Llewellyn and was soon clear of the ruck. Then followed a great race, but, the Warrington lad kept his lead and scored a great try under the cross-bar where Fish missed the easiest of place kicks. Oldham pressed on resnrning, and Smith was held up by Fish. The home side did not hold their advantage for long, for O'Malley, Boardman and Shugars were able leaders in a rush, which almost overcame .the defence, O'Malley

===== 0002601_19091113_art0032.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
"!'"_ •

===== 0002601_19091113_art0033.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,tde

===== 0002601_19091113_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
ml.ssing a try by inches only. Oldham failed against the superior tactics of,the " Wirepullers," and when Brookes set Jenkins going a score appeared a certainty but Wood got up in time to save. Warrington pressed hard and Taylor and Dickenson compelled the home team to twice kick dead an the line. However, a score was soon forthcoming, for from the resulting scrim- mage the ball was splendidly handled by Brooks, Jenkins and Dickenson, and the latter dropped the bail over ,the bar, thus placing Warrington five points ahead. Oldham showed a slight improvement on resum- ing en 4 forced matters at the Warrington end. Tilley's defence continued to be sound and twice he ably dealt with efforts by Llewellyn end White. Avery made amends a moment later, for finding the Warrington defence a trifle slack, he threw to Anlezark, and the try was notched near the corner. Wood placing the sides on level terms when he placed a goal. Warrington quickly returned to the attack, and after 14'ibh had made a gallant attempt to breakthrough, Neill was prominent in some loose work, which was checked by Smith. Warrington forwards maintained their brilliant form, and some dashing work between Shugals, Belton and Neill witnessed Deane and Wood circa some daring eaves. Brooks made a. couple of Fp'endid attempts to break through, being held up only it.chcs short on one occasion Oldham raised the siege near the interval and Tyson, running well,finally kicked aide of Tilley and Deane raced up in time to score a Lay. Wood failed at goal and at half-time the score was one goal two tries to one goal one try in favour of Oldham.

_ Play was resumed with the utmost keenness, Anlezark being very prominent on the attack. Fish made a com- mendable effort on the left, and passing to Dickenson in the open, the home team were compelled to act on the defensive. Another fine concerted movement by the Warrington backs witnessed Fish making a great effort which was checked only five yards from the line. Brooks and Jenkins continued to be active and many were the attempts made to cross. The defence held out and it was left to Anlezark to put a better com- plexion on the game when he found touch at centre field. Scrambling day followed, and Oldham appeared to be staying better than the visitors, a smart effort by Tyson almost breaking down the Warrington defence. Fish was very prominent at this period with some fine work and repeatedly he banlked the opposition from scoring. Twice Smith made attempts to cross, which were negatived through palpable infringements. In the closing stages Oldham were the att tck lug force, but Tilley maintained his good form, and the defence held out until the close. Result :—Oldham, one goal and two tries (eight points) ; Warrington, one goal and one try (five points).

===== 0002601_19091113_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN LEAD AGAIN.

Swinton mot Runcom at Runuorn, before 2,000 spectators. Runcorn were quickly on the attack. White, Watton, Moran, Butterworth, and Hughes handled the ball in brilliant fashion, the last-named scorine behind the posts Pr Moran to add a goal. Following a scrummage, Vatton broke away and passed to Butterworth, who ran over, Moran, however, failing at goal. Wattcn and Padbury added two more tries for Runcorn, which Moran and Richardson failed to augment. Half-time :—Runcorn, 2 goals • and 6 tries (22 points), Swinton nil. With such a good lead Runcorn took matters easier in the second half. The visitors then played with great vigour, and ;Williams passed to D.. Davies who ran over in grand style, Parker adding a goal. Follow- ing this, the home forwards dashed away, and Kennedy getting possession scrambled over, Padbury failing with the gosl-kick. In the last minute Williams scored a try for Swinton, Parker being unsuccessful at goal. Result :—Runcorn 2 goals and 7 tries (25 'points), Swinton 1 goal and 2 tries (8 points). Teams and officials :

Runcorn—Richardson, back; Flanaean, Moran, Butterworth, and Hughes, three-quarter backs • White and Watton half backs ; Padbury, Walker, Kennedy, Langley, McDonald, and Smith, forwards. Swinton—Wallwort, back; H. Davies, Parker, Young, and Williams, thryo-qudrter backs ; James Wharton and John Wharton, half backs; Pot litt, Gartrell, Davies, Preston, Neen and Cullis, forwards. Referee, Mr. B. Ennion, Wigan. Touch judges, Messrs. T. Foulkes, St. Helens, and E. Bennett, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
LEIGH v. ST. HELENS.

Played at Leigh, before 8,000 spectators. Leigh had the best of matters in the early part of the game, and after splendid passing Tom Johnson was going over the line near the posts' when he was deliberately 'tripped. A penalty kick was awarded, and Clarkson placed a goal. Leigh made repeated attempts to add to their score, but for a long time the St. Helens backs defended tenaciously. 'Eventually, following a eross•kick by Neville, Whittaker started a passing movement, which ended in Tom Johnson making an opening for his brother Sam, who scored his first try this season. No goal resulted. St. Helens were rarely dangerous, and at the interval Leigh led by 5 points to nil. The second half opened in a sensational fashion, for after a fruitless attack by Leigh, Matt Creevey broke clean away in a scrummage in the St. Helens half, and, on nearing Clarkson kicked over the full back's head. His brother Charles followed up, took the ball on the bounce, and scored a clever try, and kicked a goal, thus equalising the scores. A few minutes later Sam John- son intercepted a pass from Turtill to Flanagan, and grounded the ball behind the St. Helens posts. Clarkson failed at goal. Matt Creevey, the St. Helens half back, was now sent off for striking, and Leigh made an incessant attack upon the St. Helens line, Neville eventually scoring. Sam Johnson placed a goal, and Leigh won by 2 goals 3 tries (13 points) to St. Helens 1 goal and 1. try (5 points). Teams : Leigh—E. Clarkson back; Sam Johnson, T. H. John- son, D. Davies, and B. H. Neville, three-quarter backs • Bolewski. and S. Whittaker, half backs; P. 0. Neill, 13,1 Gallop, W. Winstanley, E. Jones, 11. Marsh, and A. Lee forwards.

St. Helens—Turtill, back ; Flanagan, J. Greenwood„ C. Creevey, and Bate, three-quarter backs; M. Creevey and H. Greenwood, half backs; Briers, Mavitty, Pope, Walker, Helsby, and Bradley, forwards. Referee, Mr. E. Tong° (Swinton.) Touch judges, Messrs. J. Dutton (Warrington) and ,W. oregor3 (Runcorn). •

===== 0002601_19091113_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES WIN AT ROCHDALE.

There were about 3,000 spectators on. the Rochdale Athletic Grounds when the Hornets had Whines as visitors. The played up well, and the Hornets' forwards were beaten for possession. Lambert dashed down the wing, but his pass to Reid was intercepted near the line by Schofield. Blong had a good opening, but he kicked weakly. There was no score at the interval. Soon after resuming Robinson clean missed a pass by Schofield when left with an open line. Widnes attacked, and the visitors kicked over the line, but the ball went dead. Baxter gathered in the loose, and sent to Taylor, whose pass to Bamber was intercepted, and Daintith got over at the corner, but he failed to land a goal. Then Johnson marked from a weak kick by Bamber, and Daintith kicked an easy goal. A few minutes later Taylor mulled, and the Widnes forwards dribbled over but Farrar saved in the nick of time by falling on the ball. Just before the close Baxter broke through and served Robinson with a grand pass, but that player was bowled into touch practically on the line. Result : Widnes 1 goal 1 try (5 points), Rochdale Hornets nil. Teams

..... _ Rochdale Hornets--Farrar, back; Samba; Taylor, Robinson and West, three-quarter backs; Baxter and Schofield, half backs ; Fitzsimmons, Dearden, Richard- son, Turner, Bowers, and Ashworth, forwards. Widnes—Jones, beck; Reid, Lambert, Blong, and Daintitb, three-quarter backs; Lally and O'Garra, half backs; G. Aspey, S. Aspey, Colgrave, Johnson, Rigby, and M'Carthy, forwards. Referee, Mr. E. H. Smirk, of Wigan.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE COMBINATION

WARRINGTON "A" STILL WINNING.—The visit of Oldham was regarded as likely to be a test for the Champions on Saturday, and quite 5,000 people assembled at Wilderspool. Both sides were strongly represented, Oldham including such well-known players as Cash, McLean, and the two Dixon*. From the out- set the game was very fast and with Warrington show- ing superior combination. Dixon was often troubled. Landor placed his side on the aggressive, and a second attempt by the same player was spoiled when he threw the ball forward to Smith. Civil, Webster and Cook eased the pressure slightly, but eventually Frawley ran well to the corner. After keen scrummsging Lloyd succeeded in opening the scoring, bluffing his opponents smartly and scoring near the posts. Mclntyre goaled. Oldham repeatedly threatened danger and met a stout _defence set up by Mclt tyre. Another raid on the Oldham line resulted in Boardman scoring, the home side leading at the interval by one goal two tries (eight points) to nil. Turning round Oldham forced motters and for the first quarter of an hour were the attacking party. Landor, Lloyd and Mclntyre defended splen- didly, and on one occasion a smart breakaway by Lloyd lacked assistance, or a tangible record would have been notched. Webster failed at in easy penalty shot, and up to the close of hostilities the game was fought out in strenuous fashion without the defence being pene- trated. Final: Warrington, eight points; Oldham,nil.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
St. Helens aud District Rugby League.

PEARSON AND KNOWLES V. ST. HELENS WHITE ROSE.

Played at Warrington on Saturday. Spencer won .the toss, Larville kicked off for St. Helens and Ashton made a grand return for P. and K. rile visitors were penalised for offside play and J. Harrop kicked a splendid goal. Larville kicked off again for St. Helens and Crawford returned to the St. Helens line. The visitors were again penalised and J. Harrop kicked another goal. The visitors worked their way down to the home line but Spencer (P. and K.'s full back) was safe. In the scrimmage on the half-way line Ashton gathered the ball and made a grand opening for Craw- ford to score. Around the post Harrop kicked a goal. Some neat passing by thp home backs followed and Tickle ran over at the corner. Harrop goaling. Half- time: Pearson and Knowles,llpoints (2 tries,4 goals); St. Helens White Rose, nil. On resuming Heath kicked off for the home team. Lyon made a fine return. The visitors pressed but mat a sound defence. St. Helens were awarded a free kick and Lyon missed at goal. Good play by the home forwards took the play to the visitors lines. Ashton scoring between the stumps and Harrop goaling. Pearson and Knowles, 9 points (3 tries, 5 gods) ; St. Helens White Rose, nil.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
RYLANDS RECS V. DENTON'S GREEN.

Rylands' Rees played Denson Green on Saturday last, at Gorsey-lane, and after a well-fought brittle were acclaimer% victors by 12 points to 10. Each team was well represented, and the juniors played well, but com- bination was seriously lacking. Immediately after the start the home team pressed and continned to do so nearly through the whole of the first half. Stretford, for Wands, intercepted a pass, and with the aid of a sprint scored an unconverted try. It was not long before Gallop secured the ball, and made a splendid run of three-quarters of the length of the field, but was brought to book a few yards off the line. With a smart effort one of the visiting team dropped a goal, and the result at half-time was : Rylands, 3 points ; Denton Green. 2 points.—On turning round the home team again pressed, and within three minutes of the ball being in play Joe Britton scored. McGowan missed the goal Roused by their reverse, the Dentonians played for all they were worth, and their left wing securing the ball made a fine long run, but was " felled " within two yards of the line. Play centred in neutral territory for some time, and then McGowan was successful in secur- ing a drop goal. Jas. Britton also scored a try, ivhich was converted by Floyd. The visitors obtained, a c,n- verted try and a dropped go4l. Result: Rylands, 13 points; Denton's Green, 10 pointe.

TO. DAY'S MATO! T. RYLANDS RECS V. CADISTIEAD.

At Cadishend. Ryland's Tenn :—NicGow an, Farness Floyd,llorrocks, Wri gb t, Darbyshire, Broad.hurst:. Simister, Fillingh9m, Stretford, Robert' s Britton. Team meet at Church-st reet Lodge at one o'clock.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

THE LEAGUE.-FIRST DIVISION. RESULTS UP TO SATURDAY. _

Goals—

Pld. Won. Lost. Drn. For Ags t Pts • Blackburn Hovers 11... 8... 2... 1.. 28... 12... 17 Liverpool Manchester United 12... 7... 2... 3... 20... 13... 17 Newcastle United Sheffield United Everton Aston Villa Notts Fcrest l2 6... 4... 2... 16... 18... 14 Notts County Sunderland Bradford City Chelsea Sheffield Wednesday 12... 3... 5... 4... 19... 27... 10 Bury Bristol City Middlesbrough 11... 4... 7... 0... 19... 20... 8 Bolton Wanderers Tottenham H Preston North End 11... 2... 7... 2... 11... 19... 6 Woolwich Arsenal G. G. Aston Villa _

. Blackburn Rovers Bolton Wanderers 2 Manchester United ... 3 Chelsea 0 Everton 1 Liverpool 2 Bury -) Middlesborough 2 Notts Forest Newcastle United 1 Tottenham Hotspur—. 0 Notts County 3 Preston N.E. 1 Sheffield United Woolwich Arsenal 0 Bradford City 1

SECOND DIVISION. RESULTS TO SATURDAY.

—Goals—

P. W. L. D. For Agst. Pie. Glossop 11 ... 8 ... 1 ... 2 ... 23 ... 10 ... 18 Manchester City l2 ... 2 ... 3 ... 28 ... 18 17 Hull City l3 7 ... 3 ... 3... 21 ... 14 ... 17 Leicester Fosse —ll ... 8 ... 3 ... 0 ... 20 ... 11 ... 16 W. Bromwich Alb. 13 ... 8 ... 5 ... 0 ... 21 ... 19 ... 16 Fulham l2 6 3 3 19 ... 10 ... 15 Blackpool l3 5 . 3 ... 5 ... 16 ... 14 ... 15 Derby County 11 6 3 2 ... 29 ... 14 ... 14 Barnsley l2 . 5 ... 5 ... 2 ... 21 ... 16 ... 12 Wolverhampton W. 13 ... 5 ... 6 ... 2 ... 18 ... 27 12 Burnley. 11 ... 4 ... 5 ... 2 ... 12 ... 14 ... 10 Clapton Orient l2 ... 4 ... 6 ... 2 ... 13 ... 19 ... 10 Oldham Athletic 10 ... 3 4 ... 3 ... 11 ... 11 9 Bradford ll 4 . 6 1 ... 13 ... 16 ... 9 Leeds City 11 4 ... 6 ... 1 ... 14 ....22 ... 9 Stockport Countyl2 ... 3 . 6 ... 3 ... 10 ... 14 ... 9 Birmingham 11 ... 2 ... 5 ... 4 ... 18 ... 22 ... 8 Lincoln City 12 ... 2 ... 6 ... 4 ... 13 ... 28 ... 8 Gainsborough Tl 2 ... 2 ... 8 ... 2 ... 13 ... 31 ... 6 Grimsby Town 11 ... 1 ... 8 ... 2 ... 7 ... 21 ... 4 G. G. Leicester Fosse 3 Birmingham Manchester City Wolverhampton W. Bradford_ 0 Hull City 1

Clapton Orient Gainsborough Trinity... 0 Barnsley Grimsby Town. Leeds City Lincoln City Blackpool

WARRINGTON ALBIONS V. MERSEY IRON WORKS.— Warrington Albions visited Ellesmere Port on Saturday and played Mersey Iron Works. The home team won the toes and chose to play up hill. The Albions immediately pressed and the ball hit the uprights and cross-bar several times in a very few minutes. After a quarter of an hour's play from a corner E. Whitfield breasted the ball and secured a goal for the visitors. Ten minutes off half time T. Whi field got hold of the bell and dribbled past the backs and defeated the home team's custodian. At no period during the play did the home team appear dangerous. Half-time, Warrington Albions, 2; Mersey Iron Works nil. Turn- ing round the Wire Works pressed but their " kiok and rush 'tactics were easily disposed of by the Albions backs. For the visitors T. Whitfield and W. Taylor secured goals after some good combination. A quarter of an hour off time the home team's centre forward opened their score with a long shot. They agai n pressed and got another goal within 2 minutes of their first successful effort. Very near to the close of the game T. Whitfield from a well placed centre by Hard- man headed the ball through the net and thus added the Albions sth goal. Result Warrington Albions 5 goals ; Mersey Wire Works 2 goals.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
MATCHES FOR TO-DAY.

Warrington Albions will play Widnes Wesley Guild 'at Liverpool-road in the first round of the "Observer Cup." War rington Albion's team : Makin, goal ; Sergeant and Short, full backs- Dilworth, Dickenson, E. Whitfield, half backs; Ritchie, Thomas, Hunter, T. Whitfield and Cheaters, forwards.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
BILLIARDS.

CHURCH CLUBS LEAGUE. Results of matches played November 3rd :

FIRIT TEAMS. TRINITY. WIDNES NO. 2. W. Barnes J. Harding A. Siddall W. W. Leigh lOO A Lloyd • 66 J. W. Dyke lOO W. Owen 92 R. Walsh lOO G. Gardner

599 497 Majority for Trinity Ist team, 102. SECOND TEAMS. WIDNES NO 2. TRINITY. J. Gardner G. Colgrave 75 E Ashcroft 42 F. Dickson .. 75 T. Domville 46 D. Clebborn 75 R. Crompton J. Brassington 75 T. Davies l3 S. Broom 75 J. Blacksbaw

Majority for Widnes No. 2, 2nd team... 160 MATCHES FOR NOVEMBER 18TH. First Teams. St. Clements v. Trinity. Parish v. Widnes No. 2. Second Teams. Trinity v. St. Clements. Widnes No. 2 v. Parish.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
SWEET-SCENTED FLOWERS.

During the planting season from now until thespring one thinks of the flowers that possess certain character- istics—colour, freedom of growth and bloom and fragrance. Certain flowers are used for their beauty, but when they expand they distil no scent, although this attribute is enjoyed everywhere if it is not over- powering. The scent of sweet briar as one opens the gate, the faint perfume from the roses and the honeyed fragrance of the night-scented stock make the Earden a real garden. I turn gladly from scentless though, perhaps, glorious flowers to those musk, that have this rich gift, from the glowing dahlia Ao the homely jasmine, honeysuckle and the olove.—E,T,c., in "Co untry Life."

===== 0002601_19091113_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL GOSSIP.

BY B. BENNISON.

ELLI7STRATED BY JACK DODWORTII.

Tho Players' Union having come into line with the Football Association, there is peace— permanent peace, eyerybody hopes. All that is now necessary is a formal settlement and a strict understanding. It is not necessary to consider whether the Players have been wise in forsak- ing the trade unionists, who have done so much in helping them to assert and insist on their rights. From the point of view of spert— and by sport I mean chivalry—it is not nice to think that footballers aro first a trade society and afterwards men who arc engaged in a fine, manly pastime that has to do with tho physical wellbeing of the youth of the country;. but, how- ever much we may be disposed to blink at facts, we have tho sure knowledge that with the de- velopm,ent of the League, and the growing fond- ness for competitive games, there has come a

spirit of commercialism, severe and undoubted, that at times makes one quite uncertain whether the sport of tho thing is the first con- sideration; whether it is not all a question of pounds, shillings, and pence. The "011 Boys" Trouble. ".

It is admitted that few clubs are paying con- cerns; there is not much money to be made out of running a big professional football team, but tho system is wrong. The foundation of the game as it is understood to-day is wrong; there is too much of the circus atinpsphere about the game. • The deep-thinking member of the Foot- ball Association knows this to be true; and now tho trouble with the Players has been settled the question of overhauling the whole government of the game must be considered. One does not like continually to harp upon the breach between the High Holborn Parliament and the Old Boyd; but reference to it is inevitable when one is de- sirous of seeing the entire football world at rest. It does not matter in the least degree, to my mind, whether the Football Association make overtures to the amateurs or the amateurs come to the Football Association. One side must give way. The time has come when dignity might very well be put at one side; there is on'y need for tolerance and magnanimity. The one desire should be to forgive and forget. All amateurs must swear allegiance to the Football Associa- tion. So long as the public schoolboy is shut out and boycotted by the ruling body, EO long will the best class of pcople hold aloof from As- sociation football. The amateur and the profes- sional must play together again. Calm reflection on the situation—a situation that ought never to have arisen—shows that there can be no re- presentative English football so king as one class of player is taboo. Bradford's Bold Policy.

The officials of the Bradford City clut are comparatively young in the ways of bow best to run a big profekeional team, but those who have taken note of what they have done will give them credit for the display of business ability. They have always pursued a bold policy; their many unhappy experiences last year have not discouraged them in the least, and to-day the Bradford City team 16 well up to the best tradi-

Lions of the First League. The engagement of Maskery, of Derby County, means that the City have now ono of, the -very best goalkeepers in the country. Derby has been remarkably prolific in the production of goalkeepers. First they brought out Robinnon, who appeared -for his coinary so many. times. Then came Fryer, now with Fulham, and afterwards Mockery. It is difficult to account for the migration of such talented custodian from Derby. However, per- haps the County have another ready to fill the breach.

, Manchester United are very lucky in picking up such a promising young centre-forward as homer of Kidderminster. He is shaping very nicely, and with James Turnbull expiating his offences against orderliness he has a rare oppor- tunity of • making a big name. He should cer- tainly develop in his present company. How many young players would like to be helped by two such grand forwards as Alexander Turn- bull and Halse

Chelsea's Chequered Career. When one consider that the average attend- ance at the matches at Chelsea is 30,000 it is almost impossible to believe that the South- erners are not stronger. Frankly, Chelsea are a very moderate side. An epidemic of injuries has, of course, had a great deal to do with their indifferent displays. But whatever the cause it is alanoet too much to think that the club will continue to hold the London public as they do at present. The mammoth crow& that put in an appearance at Stamford Bridge goes to show that a really great team in the centre of London would be worth untold gold. It is well for Chelsea that they are playing as well—as far as results go—or better than either Woolwich Arsenal or Tottenham Hotepur. Woolwich are having no-luck at all; the goal which lost them the game against Bradford City ought never to have been scored. It was the greatest fluke imaginable. The value of an old and experienced player is strikingly proved by the success of Holford, who, when Stoke could no longer afford to keep him, went to Manchester City. There was a time when I thought Holford to be the greatest little centre-half since Johnny Holt, who will best be remembered as the leader of Everton's middle division. Holford has charge of the forwards at Manchester, and, if only because he can shoot with much accuracy and force, is indispensable to a side fighting for promotion. He won the game for his club against West Bromwich —II4E. TALAce SH A R'pyt 0 &tie

Albion a Iseek ago; and on the same day Hed- ley, who two.yearz ago had so much to do with the defeat of Newcastle United in the Cup final, scored the goal which drew Wolverhampton's game with Fulham. Still Finding the Net. Crystal Palace deserve to be complimented übon their splendid goal average. There is nothing like it in the Southern League. They have a rare defence—really wonderful, judged by figures—and a better scoring line of forwards one could scarcely desire to see. If they can keep UD thair nr44,64mt form Crystal Palneo will again give a great deal ot trouble in the Uup ties. One will never forget that they once de- feated Newcastle United in the first round ut St. James's Park.

~, rjp7, il ~.._ ' , 4.- - ' , -) rt, / ? 0, _ V a 1: ?.r 1 ( , //1,) ( (0- - i c A A .s, 1 , , 1 A , • _,,- - :-....------ •1/4._ ~•,,,_...._ .„ AL.- L>,--- FiziEjArtyc, ~

I ..) j T;/, ...-...,!..... ......; I i i 7.- ..,___...-. _ .....-. &V..-- 1 j - , .Th ..,-- • , , ...--' k MASK.I Ila V. E r3,47-.-rs ' .. i -r-....e

Iti*liiiiki.,L - • •:: ,'.. vipo ih: ' : • .-4k i , ell iv c... 0 R..e s 3 _

===== 0002601_19091113_art0046.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19091113_art0047.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
31E77 - -

===== 0002601_19091113_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
Tho Baby is the Darling of the 01E3 I

46 All Wool Unshrinkable ' S OKS Are the IDEAL for BABY.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
COMFORTABLE.

DURABLE.

UNSHRINKABLE.

From Hosiers and Drapers everywhere. If any difficulty in procuring write— "JASON" HOSIERY CO., LEICESTER.

eig eettta 9 MS

CURES *when all other Remedies fail IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC RELIEVINC ALL PAlli AND THROSBIKC AND 430014 CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions. Boxes 1/1-i. of all Chemists. M. Beetham & Sons Chemist Cheltenham.

te","0.0. jas-00000"..--. \ . - /-

===== 0002601_19091113_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
WATCH ES

PRECISION & QUALITY

LIKE THOSE MADE BY

J.W. 3:4 NSON, LTD.,

ARE A PURCHASE FOR A LIFETIME.

The best principles of horology, the finest materials, and the in- herited skill of 100 years of Triad; work all tend to make them the Most Perfect Watches of the day. BENSON'S WATCHES contain Im- provements all conducing to that Accuracy, Durability, and Inexpen- sive upkeep

which should be the main features in Watch work, and no other firm can equal them.

Owners write that the "Field," "Ludgate," & "Bank " Watches arc of "INCOMPARABLE EXCELLENCE."

,41:t ''• , it • 'j••

===== 0002601_19091113_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
RINGS oF3EAUTY

MADE BY

J. W. BENSON, Ltd.,

Show great origin- ality of design com- bined with taste; they demonstrate the possibility of securing the most

exclusive and

beautiful work at strictly moderate prices, and they stand pre-eminently above all others in the essentials of quality and value; the range of prices and variety of Gems is immense.

Like all the Go's stock, Watches and Rings are priced with a keen regard to value and are sold either for Cash, or on "The Times" System of MONTHLY PAYMENTS.

Fully Illustrated and priced Books, No. r, Watches from £2, Expanding Bracelets, Rings from -CI, Jewel- lery, &c. No. 2, Plate, Clocks, Silver Goods, &c., will be sent post free, or a selection will be sent to intending buyers at our Risk and Expense.

J. W, BENSON, LTD.,

Factory:

62 & 64, LUDGATE PAL, E.C. 25, OLD BOND ST., W., AND 28, ROYAL EXCHANGE, E.C.

ONE BOX OF CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS is warranted to cure, in either sex, all acquired or constitu- tional discharges, from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. Established upwards of 50 years. In boxes 4s. 6d. each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throughout the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Co., Lincoln.-Advt To MOTHERS.—MRS. WINSLOW'S Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for the children while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately, it is pleasans to taate ; and produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes "at bright as a button." Of all Chemists is. lid. per bottle.

, 4 ' 1.4' r - '` . ''' ":. :, ' ' '1- ' :i4211 I I 1 I t ''' 8 4VI II", , , . . ' ~._ '",b. r ~ , It ~ '--- . gl. ~., <4. lw ,0,;, .

===== 0002601_19091113_art0052.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
?':

===== 0002601_19091113_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
FROM WARRINGTON TO WIEN AND BACK.

WITH SOME IMPRESSIONS BY THE WAY.' (SPECIALLY WRITTEN FOR "THE EXAMINER" BY ALDERMAN BENNETT).

ARTICLE IV.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
We had arranged to leave Stuttgart early on Wednesday morning, but, before we started, I found time to rush once more across the Schloss Platz, gaze up in the daylight at the Jubilee Column, crowned with its great Concordia, pass the Alte Schloss, or quaint Old Palace, with its three round towers and old-world look, and, in a small square in the shadow of the two-towered Sttftskirche, founded far away in the twelfth century and used for Protestant worship since 1534, to pay my homage at the statue of the poet Schiller, one of the great German singers whom I dearly love. Then, hurry- ing back amid the fountains, and the flower beds, and the trees and statues, past the Prinzen-bau and the Konigs-bau, and the great Post Office, exactly opposite the Hotel Marquart, I found that I had time to buy some German " cigaretten "—half paper mouthpiece, half vile tobacco—and to join a bustling throng of fellow-passengers at one of the big, long, low platforms at the Central Station; to fish out my coupons and find my luggage; and then to once more scramble hastily into a German train. The weather had repented, and the day was fine as we sped out through Cannstatt, and climbed the right bank of the Neckar, through one of the loveliest districts in Swabia, on our way to Ulm. The hills were clad with vines, much taller and more picturesque than those which we had seen at Rilly and on leaving Rheims, and presently we passed through Esslingen, a free imperial city once, still partly girded by protecting walls, and now the centre of the busy trade in sparkling Neckar wine. Here, too, you see the largest engineering works in Wurtemburg, and here the Neckar needs a bridge above a hundred yards in length to span its broadening waters. The town can boast a population of some thirty thousand; but I have not space to dwell upon its churches, or on the old Rat haus, originally the home of the poet Count of Wurtemburg,or the lions of the Hohenstauen, hewn in stone; or to more than mention Plochingen, with its fortified church, or Giippingen, a town with twenty thousand citizens which boasts a mineral spring; or Geislingen, where the poet, Schubart, once eked out a living as a humber usher in a school. _ _ _

From hence, the railway climbed a wooded limestone hill to the tableland of the Swabian Alb, the watershed between the Neckar and the Danube, and a second engine has to be invoked to aid in the propulsion of the train. At Beimerstetten, after travelling over fifty miles, the line descends towards the valley of the Danube, and presently the fortifications of Ulm come into view; we pass by Wilhelmsburg, the lofty citadel where, after the battle of Elchingen, in 1805, some 30,000 Austrians, under General Mack, surrendered to the brave -French Marshal, Ney. And now we have arrived at Ulm—" Ulm-on-the-Danube," as its citizens proudly call it; an ancient town with 56,000 inhabitants, exclusive of New Ulm. The seat of a Carlovingian Palace, and one of the must important free imperial cities of the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries, Ulm has belonged to Wurtemberg sinde 1810. From 1842 to 1866 it was a fortress of the• German Confederation; since 1871 it has been a fortress of the German Empire; and it has a garrison of 7,500 men-12,000 somebody informed us in the afternoon.

It was one of the many admirable features in Mr. Aldridge's arrangements that our hotels, where possible, were situated- near the Station,and the Russischer Hof, at Ulm, almost adjoined it and looked out across a pleasant square. As soon as we had seen to the arrival of our bags, we re-assembled in the entrance hall to find a little company of cordial Ulmfies ready to conduct us to the famous Miinster, said to be the largest Gothic church in Germany, and to boast the loftiest spire in the world. Cologne and Strassburg both must "pale their ineffectual spires" before it, for it is thirteen feet higher than the first one, and sixty-two feet higher than the other; is a good deal more than twice the height of our own tall spire, and more than half the height of the immense Tour Eiffel. Babel, probably, was scarcely in it. Very beautiful both spire and build- ing looked as suddenly we reached the corner of the Minster Platz, and paused to gaze up at their fine proportions; to observe the interesting sculptures on the portals, and the sparrow with the straw in its beak, high up upon the roof, the legendary emblem of the city. The Church is Protestant ;is said to be capable of accommodating 28,000 people; was, founded in 1377; built at intervals down to the beginning of the sixteenth century; and restored and completed from 1844 to 1890. We passed inside to find the great nave filled with a great congregation, and to take our seats and listen to the Organ and Violin Recital which, I understand, is given every day; and very sweet it was to sit and dream to such high music, thrilling through the aisles and slender pillars, dying down to tender cadences, or thundering triumphantly amid the splendours of the lofty nave. The organ, with its 101 stops and its 6,200 pipes, is itself a thing to wonder at, but with that plaintive, palpitating violin to interweave its subtle melodies amid -the deeper strains of the celestial music, it became almost a thing to worship.

And when, at last, the matchless sounds had 'died away, and silently the crowd of eager auditors dispersed, and one by one we rose reluctantly to view the building, we felt like sad sky-pilgrims come back from some heavenly star to common earth again, and did not like the change. But the Cathedral was itself inspiring, and we soon surrendered our reluctant souls to its peculiar charms, and gazed with growing interest at the numerous escutcheons of the Swabian families that decked its walls; the modern windows, the pulpit, with its great carved cover ; the fine stone ciborium, 93 feet high ; the fresco of the Last Judgment, above the great arch of the choir; the choir stalls, wonderfully carved by Syrlin the Elder, and said to be amongst the finest of the kind in Germany; and,not the least of these abounding charms, the beautiful High Altar. In the South Chapel we were shown a lovely portrait of Eitel Besserer by Martin Schaffner, and, in the Neithart Chapel, the original design for the tower, worked out with a beauty of con- ception, a fidelity to detail and a charm of draughtmanship which made the ablest architects amongst us mute with envy and with admiration.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
We left the Illiinster Platz reluctantly and, sauntering on through one or two quaint streets, came to the ancient Rathaus, built at the beginning of the sixteeenth century and • beautiful externally *Rh coloured frescoes. At the south-east corner is a handsome fountain, and adjacent to it a statue of the Emperor, William the First. Escorted by our civic friends, we entered the old building, and, passing up some stairs into the old-world CouncilChamber,were most warmly welcomed by the Oberblirgomaster (Herr von Wagner), and privileged, as we had been at Stuttgart, to sit down at a great horse-shoe table and listen' to a full description of the .place ; to see the usual model of the city ;.to inspect its plans • and then, in an adjacent room, to gaze admir- ingly upon a large collection of photographs which gave us some conception of the numerous model dwellings for the working- classes which, with singular public spirit, have been erected here by the municipality and other bodies.l was also specially interested in the designs for a fine new bridge across the Danube, which was, I understood, to be built of ferro-concrete. I have elsewhere described at length the distinctive .municipal features of the city, and spoken of the civic policy which has secured for it the admiration of Housing and Municipal Reformers all the world over, and I will merely say that its fundamental principle is municipal owner- ship. Beginning with the fortifications, which it bought from the Imperial Govern- ment in 1902. Ulm is continually adding to its municipal possessions, and it owns, to- day,above three quarters of the land within its boundaries. And consequently, Ulm, unlike the towns and cities of this country can say quite truthfully : "I am the Master of my Fate, I am the Captain of my Soul." It is able to lay out it streets, gardens, parks and buildings in its own way. Its civic enterprize is not obstructed at every turn by some obstreperous and selfish individual whose dirty little bit of property, in Warrington at any rate, so often blocks the way to some most necessary public scheme. And what is the result? The city claims to have made, within the last five years, a profit of a quarter of a million marks ; the value of its land is said to have increased by a million and a half; and I may add that its local taxes are the lowest of all the greater towns of Wurtemberg. I am a believer in the principle of taxing the unearned increment. I am utterly opposed to the policy of laissez faire which still permits a man to exact for any piece of land he has to sell a price beyond its real value, and, in case of a dispute, imposes on the town the tedious and expensive remedy called Arbitration, with all its retinue of parasites who prey upon our civic needs. But Ulm has found a better way. It is to purchase all the land which it can get at a fair price, and, if it sells a part of it, to retain the right to buy it back at the same price, and so to keep the whole of the increment which may accrue for the community who made it. In Warrington, unless we actually need a piece of land for some immediate public purpose, our one desire appears to he to instantly get rid of it, and as to buying land because it is a bargain, scarcely anyone will hear of our doing anything so sensible, and the mere suggestion sends our sage municipal economists into a fever. Moreover, up to now, our English laws compel us to dispose of any surplus land as soon as we have finished our improvement, and so some lucky citizen steps in and can eventually claim the extra value due to Warrington's initiative entirely for himself. Some day every yard of land in Bridge-street may be worth three times its present value. But Warrington will not be able to obtain a cent of it. Unless, indeed, we waken up and try to frame our laws to benefit the many rather than assist the selfish few. But lam digressing. The civic trams awaited us outside the Rathaus, and gently bore us back to the Hotel, where the Oberburgomaster and his estimable colleagues gave us a delightful lunch. Herr von Wagner was a typical German, a pleasant, dumpy, little fellow with a yellowish moustache who might have stepped right out of some cartoonist's album. But no Mayor in England and no Oberburgo- master in the German Empire has done more to further civic progress and the public welfare, and to bring "the ideal city" right within the range of practical politics than Herr von Wagner. Of course we toasted him with great enthusiasm, and it was amusing to observe the gallantry with which he walked about the room to clink his glass with every lady in the party, and to make to each a most profound obeisance; and, eloquent as all our spokesmen were, we all felt glad when Mr. Aldridge called upon Miss Gurney to sum up in a few charming words what every one of us was feeling. All afternoon we rode about this pleasant little city, visiting the model houses, girt with gardens, and obviously in many cases based upon the methods of our English Garden City and Suburbs rather than upon the lines of those big tenements which we had seen at Stuttgart, and which still alas, pre- vail in many of the German towns! But many of the houses here had been erected by the Corporation, for Ulm is not deterred from doing the wise and proper thing because some selfish group of interested persons skillfully set up an obvious scarecrow and, with cries and shrieks and lamentations, called out "Socialism I" We noted many soldiers, as we drove about the city—fine, stalwart, well trained service- able men they were—but everywhere the fortifications were disappearing and broad and pleasant boulevards arising in their place. One feature in the city plan was the provision of direct roads from the gates of the old wall to the main roads leading to the country. Another was to set apart specific portions of the town for special purposes, a feature which prevails in other German towns. For instance, miscellaneous trades, small indus- tries and dwelling houses for the general population are located in the valley between Ulm and Ssflingen. The greater industries are carried on in the district to the east of Soflingen, and directly connected with the railway. Moreover, special areas are set apart for the workpeople and the peasantry, for ordinary family houses, for villas and better class houses, and "for the best class people," to quote the memorandum which had been prepared for us—" the millionaires' quarter," our conductor grandly called the latter; whilst the woods at Friedrichsau are i carefully reserved for sport and recreation; ,

===== 0002601_19091113_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
and "for a future harbour, a land in the east of Friedrichsau, near the Danube." We saw the old bridge, as we drove about in the bright sunshine, and the hollow which betrayed the presence of the famous river, but we did not actually catch a glimpse of its green waters, and I had to wait for the expected thrill until a later opportunity. The German gentleman who was in my carriage was, like all our hosts, extremely kind and anxious to assist us. He told us that the nervous twitching which we noticed in his face was the result of a duel, and that, as a matter of fact, he had fought not less than seven in his military days. He seemed, indeed, to be distinctly proud of this, and talked of duelling as "a fine sport." But he was a humane and splendid fellow, and, as we passed the Military Prison, sadly spoke of it as "the dark house," and said that he did not like it, confiding to us that he had spent a fortnight there or in some similiar institution,whether as a, penalty for duelling or not I cannot say. After visiting a big and handsome building belonging to the muncipality and mainly occupied by single young women, we drove a little distance out into the country to another singularly pleasant group of work- men's cottagesrand went inside, and chatted with their clean and happy and contented population. There was not any carriage- way between_ the houses, merely a broad path amid the flowers. One friendly dame insisted on loading two or three of us with a fine collection of nasturtium seeds of her own growing, and all of us were fain to linger in this veritable Garden Suburb, resting peace- fully amid its leaves and blossoms on that sweet September afternoon. I have already alluded to the fact that the Corporatiou of Ulm has itself erected many, houses for the working people (175 in all),but it may interest our local Housing Reformers , to know that this good work is supplemented by not less than four great voluntary societies and that the city lets them have the land at a low rate in order to encourage them. In three of these societies, the interest payable to the shareholders is limited to four per cent. In the fourth, each mem- ' ber has to give security for not less than 500 marks, and may become the purchaser of his I own property. The company builds the houses, the ground remaining the property I of the town, and, at the end of eighty years, the town agrees to buy the houses at 80 per cent. of the building value. Most of these houses, following the English custom, are for one' family only. The rest of them are usually let in flats, according to the , German method. Some of the indus- trial concerns have also erected suitable dwellings for their emp/oyes, and the State of Wurtemberg has built over a hundred for the railway staff. Altogether, not less than 388 buildings, with 1,006 flats, for 5,000 inhabitants, have been provided for the populace of Ulm under conditions which preclude an increase in the rents, however the land may rise in value; and it is not any wonder that the Corporation proudly claim, in characteristic English, that "Ulm stands foremost as one of the best towns providing for cheap ground and for workpeople's comforts." •

The final visit which we paid was to the Wagner School, so called in honour of the Oberburgomaster. We were particularly struck by its magnificent installation of shower baths, and local educationists may be interested to learn that Ulm has nine school doctors, a school dentist and a dental clinic.

Our hosts became our guests at night, and Mr. Aldridge asked me to take charge of another typical old German. He scarcely knew a word of English, and, as I have said, I scarcely knew a word of German, but, through sheer good-fellowshii), we somehow managed to make ourselves understood. We had toasted each other in a light wine of the country, and I asked him afterwards to join me at "a liqueur of the country." He genially declined, and I asked him, then, to kindly pick one out for me. To this he smilingly assented. I shall never forget that liqueur. It reminded me of the Irish Member's joke about the whisky which " went down one's throat like a torchlight procession," and it made me pull a very wry face, The amuse- ment which the incident occasioned to my friend was a sight for the gods, and I strongly suspect that the dear old fellow was having a little joke at my expense. How- ever, I enjoyed it quite as much as he. _ _

Amongst the after dinner speeches, which were all felicitous, was one from M. Georges Benoit-Levy, the Secretary of the French Garden City Association, who had come over specially from Paris to meet us, and who greatly pleased me by his generous tribute to Mr. Ebenezer Howard, the founder of the Garden City movement. Afterwards, no doubt remembering the previous night, we naturally fell into song, and I shall long recall the light which came into those kindly German faces as they joined in rolling out a noble patriotic ballad of the Rhine. Of course we sang a song of England in return. It was the song which Mrs. Ehrenbacher had so sweetly sung for us in Stuttgart—the lovely "Home, Sweet Home ;" but was it any wonder that, amid the glamour of our strange surroundings and the universal atmosphere of kindliness and goodwill we changed the final word, and sang with might and main, to the immense delight of our warm-hearted auditors:

"Mid pleasures and places though we may roam, Be it ever so humble there's no place like Ulm " ? At the suggestion of a very genial little English tutor (the only Englishman in the town I think), who had accompanied our party during the afternoon, I left the heated atmos- phere of the Hotel when the dinner and con- cert were over,glad to get a breath of the cool, fresh,night air ; and as my brief glimpse of the Danube had been so unsatisfactory-, I asked him to conduct me hither. It was considerably after eleven by this, and, if Stuttgart, on the night of my arrival, had seethed singularly silent and deserted, Ulm looked positively lonely now. As we strolled along, I told him of my German comrade's joke with the liqueur, and laughed out ' heartily as I recalled the old man's mirth. " Please do not laugh or talk so loudly," he observed. "It is forbidden aften ten o'clock in Ulm." I stared at him, and thought that he, too, in his turn was having a joke at my expense; but he told me that this was one of the local regulations, intended, I understood, to promote the orderliness of the city and to protect the worthy populace from any interruption in their virtuous slumbers; and he added that any wayfarer who disobeyed was liable to spend the night in the lock-up. I felt inclined to laugh again, but thought better of it, for my friend was perfectly serious, As we proceeded, we met some other mem- bers of our party, who were also out for a quiet ramble in the still night air. "Where are you going ? " they asked. "We're off to

===== 0002601_19091113_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMAN'S METAL POLISH

Plll.,4wpco

gret,Vslil:".t4s3l.oX2gZMtMa!t::F_.'

•

the Danube 1 " I replied. The object of our pilgrimage apparently did not appeal to them, and so we went upon our solitary way. Presently we heard a roar of falling water and dropped across a stream which dipped beneath the street which we were traversing and vanished in a white cascade; and then, diverging, we came right into the oldest part of Ulm—a part we had not seen before—and walked amid a maze of narrow byways and quaint old gabled houses, and, turning down a dark side alley, came upon a little stream which wandered thrdugh a lane of antique buildings. It might have been a bit of Venice or of Amsterdam, but the water gurgled musically, and this was obviously a river, not an arm of the great sea, or even a. canal. It was, however, strangely pictur- esque, and I was not surprised to find that my friend, who was somewhat of an artist, had attempted, more than once, to reproduce its old-world beauty with his gifted brush. It must have been the little river Blau, I think, one of the two small tributaries which joins the Danube here; and, following the sound of it, and presently emerging on a part of the old city walls, and passing a dim tower and archway in the darkness, we could see below, a little to the right of us, a broader stream, which flowed before us dark and sombre, with scarce a solitary gleam reflected in its ffiryving waters. But I knew it instantly. "Can I forget, the night we met Beside the Danube river ? "

I quoted instantly. And I did feel something Df the expected thrill,at last,as we approached the handsome bridge, and, pausing in the centre, gazed down at the dark and supplying stream which flowed through sunny Austria, and by the gates of Wien, and on through Buda-Pesth, and the sad heart of Turkey, to its deep home in the Black Sea. "Let us go to Bavaria," I said suddenly, and we instantly set out across the bridge. But to get into that famous province, it was neces- sary to walk a little further,and to also cross a tiny, silent island, with dark, silent houses in the shadowy streets, and scarcely a sound or a footstep to disturb the vigil of the silent stars; and •preiently we came to a sort of narrow arm of the great river, and, crossing this, too, by a smaller bridge, we stood, almost at midnight, in another country, or at any rate, another province, and also in New Ulm, the modern portion of this very ancient town. Upon the way, my friend had told me how, some centuries before, a citizen of Ulm had sought to solve the problem of human flight by constructing a huge pair of wings and launching himself boldly into the air above the Danube. So far as I could ascertain, he landed in the river; but the story was authenticated by a picture post card proudly shown to me by one of my companions in the train the following day. And, in the year which witnesses the proud solution of the age-old problem, I am fain to pay my little tribute to this quaint old citizen of Ulm who did not fear "To put it to the touch, To win, or lose it all."

My comrade was extremely anxious to introduce me to to the finest lager beer in Europe, which, he said, was brewed at a house in this vicinity, and he said that, if we hastened, we might reach it ere the doors were closed. But it was already nearly twelve, and, as we hurried through the dark and noiseless streets, we heard the bell of the great Miinster tolling out the midnight hour. At last we reached our destination. There were lights in the windows, but, just as we arrived, they were extinguished. My friend knocked loudly on the door, but nobody responded. We were just too late. And so I did not taste the peerless beverage after all. My companion was obviously disappointed, but his kindness had not any limits, and he insisted on accompanying me back to my Hotel; but, ere we reached it, we fell in with Mr. Aldridge and Mr. Shawcross. "Where have you been ?" they asked. "We've been to Bavaria!" I proudly answered. They, however, had been rambling to and fro without any definite objective, and finding that they had not come across the quaint old corner which contained the oldest houses in the city, we immediately consented to conduct them thither, and, in the starlight, traversed the familiar ground again. And then we warmly thanked our tireless guide and, quits worn out, crept willingly upstairs to bed. (To be continued).

===== 0002601_19091113_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS

The fortnightly meeting of the 'Warrington Board of Guardians was held at the Workhouse on Wednesday, the Rev. T. R. Matthews presiding. There were also present :—Mrs. Collingwood, Mrs. simpson, Messrs. G`. Mather, W. Gill, A. J. Jolley, %V. Furness, R. Lee, A. Brooks, W. Houghton, J. A. Rushworth, E. L. Bent, J. Backhouse, R. Forshaw, M. W. Sttton, A. Bottomley (clerk), R. W. Peacock (assistant clerk), J. F. Awbery (master), and A. Wright (superintendent of Cottage Homes).

===== 0002601_19091113_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
POOR LAW UNIOWS.

Mr. A. J. Jolley and the Clerk were app3inted to attend the eleventh annual meeting of the Association of Poor Law Union at the Holborn Restaurant, London, on Thursday and Friday, November 18th and .19th. COLLECTORS' RETURN.

_ The collectors' return for the half year ended Otdber 2nd was submitted and showed th it the arrears brought forward from the previous half year amounted to £544 19s. and the amount accruing during the hdf year was £658 15s. 9d. making a total of .£1,203 148. 9d. The amount collected the half year was L 536 15s. 11d. the arrears cancelled totalled £ll9 18s. 10d., and the arrears owing at the ead_of the half year were £517.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
APPOINTMENTS.

Five applicants for the positions of foster-mother and sewing mistress at the Cottage Homes appeared before the Board. It was decided to appoint Mrs. Adelaide K. Clarke, of Lostock Gralam, foster-mother, and Miss Martha Webb, of Great Sankey, sewing mistress. The salary in each case is £2O with rations and the usual allowances.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
FACT.

Fact is what we want. Opinion is not enough. Opinions differ. Here's a Lowton fact. You can test, it.

Mr. John Rosbottom, 33, Stone Cross-lane, Lovrton, Newton-le-Willows, says :—"I suffered for three months with cold in the kidneys, and all thetime I was bad, work punished me severely, especially bending work, for I had a sort of stiffness in the b.ick which made it difficult for me to rise ; then there WtIS a con- st2nt tired feeling that made matters more unpleassnt still.

" Doan's pills acted wonderfully quickly in my case. After taking tnem for a short time I was cured of all these ills. lam pleased to recommend them because I am sure they will do anybody good who suffers with backache. (Signed) John Rosbottom." Pains in the back are a lign of kidney disease; the pain is caused by the kidneys, which lie under the small of the back. Other common symptoms of kidney dis- order are dizziness, headache, watery swellings in the ankles and beneath the eyes, dimness of sight and urinary troubles. Dean's pills are a special kidney and bladder medicine; they act directly on the kidneys— no action on the bowels—thus curing the cause of back- ache, dropsy, gravel, rheumatism, and other kidney troubles.

_ Doan's Backache Kidney Pills are two shillings and ninepence per box (six koxes for thirteen shillings and ninepence). Of all chemists and stores, or post freo, direct from Foster-McClellan Co., 8, Wells-strost, Oxford-street, London, W. Doan 's are the pills thal cured Mr. Rosbottom.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
WHY I LOST MY JOB.

REASONS WHY THOUSANDS LIKE M 8 CANNOT SATISFY THEIR EMPLOYERS.

"I believe my fate is not unlike that of thousands of other workers who daily lose their places /bit reasons they do not know, and probably wonla not believe. When their last pay envelope comes along, it is usually 'Your services no longer required.' If the truth were known, the reason for their unceremonious removal would probablYt be that their usefulness was destroyed because some mental worry, bodily ailment, or general indis- position. These things, as we all know, are the most fruitful causes of failure in all walks of life. The battle of Waterloo was lost because of a headache. In this quick age our minds must be clear, rapid, active, and free from outside influence or worry, or else we go down to failure with the, throng of ' floaters ' who go from one place °I employment to another, giving no satisfaction t° others or to themselves, constantly growing older and less useful, with no ambition, no will-power' and no hope. " Every man requires from every other Ma'l the best that is in him. But no man can use or get the best that is in himself until he is firs' free from all fretful indispositions and worries. That was my trouble. I was full of troubles. That's why I lost my job. My stomach, in the first place, was always out of order, and I wa,s worrying about it, and my mind grew cloudy al': slow. I made mistakes and grew grouchy. 'Oa' was the end. "There are thousands like me going about with wolfish faces, dyspeptic manners, and repulsive atmospheres. No employer wants such men's services. "Take my advice. A healthy stomach is half the battle, for it keeps your mind clear and You,,:i face rosy. I have a healthy st9mach now and 1101_, a good position, and my employer is satisfied O'A so am I. "I started to take Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets' which I was told were good for the worst cases of indigestion. The first two tablets made 3 wonderful difference in my condition." One ingredient of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablet! digests 3,000 grains of food. The stomachtloeso have to work at all. The tablets do all the Work' no matter how heavy your meal. Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets cure brash, erucia; tions, burning sensations, bloat, irritations, loss appetite, nausea, heartburn, lack of energy, loss °I. memory and dyspepsia and indigestion in thel very worst forms. No other little tablets in. the world can do sa_ much. You should carry them with you whereveor you go and take them regularly after meals. Thera you will realise what it is to be freed ire a stomach torment, and have a clear mind. A quick memory, a happy disposition, comfort a°ol rest. Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets can be had or any chemist for 2/9 and 4/6 a package' send your name and address for trial packago, free. Address F. A. Stuart Co., 86 Clerkenvie Road, London, E.C.

COMMERCIAL FAlLURES.—According to "10501 Mercantile Gazette," the total number of Comme'rbe Failures recorded in England and Wales during week ending Friday, November sth, was 156, vii Von New Bankruptcy Proceedings published in the "L"-61. Gazette, 89 ; Deeds of Arrangement registered,L. of The respective numbers in the corresponding wee' - last year were : Bankruptcies, 85 ; Deeds of Arrangtsel moot, 96—total 181 ; being a decrease of 25. Then 45 numller of Commercial Failures recorded during tt, ber weeks of the present year is 6,689 ; the total ell`u,,„Bo recorded in the corresponding 45 weeks of last Year 7,157, showing a decrease of 468.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
cv'srm-lir ,• 111, INIP-9

GROCERS AND PROVISION MERCHANTS,

===== 0002601_19091113_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
lEBILPT4LI.:74 IVKAMMEME M

Oak

_

moaa, `ltX4

miI•MIA6E

===== 0002601_19091113_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
THE INFIRMARY.

IN NEED OF MONEY. £1,300 A YEAR WANTED.

The urgent need of funds for the carrying on of the useful work of the Warrington Infirmary was discussed at a special weeting held in the Pavilion on Monday afternoon. Sir Gilbert Greenell, Bart., presided over a small but representative gathering. • The SECRETARY read letters of apology for non- attendance, from Messrs. H S. Bleckly (who increased nis annual subscription to £5), John Fairclough, Hedley H. Taylor (who said the proceeds in connection with the visit of Sir E. H. Shackleton to Warrington in March would be given to the Infirmary). Mrs. Gertrude M. R. Willis (who said that the Rector and she would double their annual subscription and give £2 23.), Miss Massy, Messrs. C. Jackson Holmes and J. Atkinson.

Mr. J. J. Bleakly promised to increase his annual subscription to £lO for three years, and Mr. W. 11. Bleakly £lO 10s. for three years, and Mr. J. J. Whitley promised an annual subscription of £lO 10s. Mr. G. Dakin and Mr. 'Charles White have increased their annual subscriptions to £5 each. £1,300 A YEAR EXTRA WANTED.

Mr. W. PETER riveerips moved the following resolu- tion: "Raving regard to the greatly increased useful- mad of the Institution resulting from its recent enlargement, and to the fact that the growing needs of the people of this industrial district can and are now being more adequately met, as is proved by the adeilienal number of cases treated, this meeting fully realizes that the increased expenditure consequent upon such enlargement must be adequately met or the usefulness of the Institution will be vary seriously curtailed. We therefore pledge ourselves to do all in our power to assist in increasing the revenue of the charity, and we appeal to all the residents of Warring- ton and the surrounding district to help us by generous subscriptions." Mr. . Rylands sketched the history of the Institution and the growth of the work which bad led up to the present requiremets. They had now 80 beds as against 40 before the extension, and an increase of maintenance to the extent of 50 per cent. During the years preced- ing the extension, the income of the Institution had steadily, grown, and grown approximately in proportion to its requirements. Owing to the fact that they made the Institution meet the requirements of the town, naturally the cost of its upkeep was very low in com- parison with the population of the town, and the sudden incrense in tho accommodation naturally resulte l in an equally suiden increase in the cost of the maintenance. Consequently it followed that while they might expee: by the natural process of time their income would gradually grow as it had gradually grown in the past, and become equal to tkeir requirements, just at the time there was a serious hiatus—a serious gulf over which they wished to bridge. It was in view of the importance of that matter that they had sum- moned that meeting in order to consider the question. Before leaving the actual question of • finance, he had taken out the figures of eighteen infirmaries in important towns of a similar size and standing to their own. He found that the average income per 1,000 was £7l, and the average expenditure was £74, showing that in those cases the expenditure generally exceeded the income. The expenditure in Warrington was £72 per 1,000 of the population, so that their expenditure was slightly less than the average of those eighteen representative towns. ' Their income at present was only £5l per 1,000. There were three main sources of income. They were the source of endowment, the source of workmen's contributions. and the source of voluntary subscriptions. He was sorry that their endowments had been at a standstill for some years past. It could only be owing to the fact that the needs of the Infirmary prior to two years ago were not so prominently before them. He hoped as the years went on that they might see that source of revenue increase as it bad increased in other hospitals. The workmen's contributidris had grown steadily, and he believed that this question was before the Working Men's Committee. Probably they would do everything they could to increase that source of revenue. At the present time it exceeded £l,OOO per annum. (Applause.) That was a handsome sum, but he was sore that, having regard to what other industrial centres did, they might reasonably expect that that sum should be substantially increased. The average for other infirmaries was about £1,400. In Wigan, which was perhaps one of the best, the working men's contributions came to £8,371 per annum. He, therefore, thought that War- rington should contribute substantially over £l,OOO. It was a question of organization, and he thought if the employers of labour did something to encourage the men to pay their halfpenny a week, or whatever it was, out of their wages, that almighty halfpenny would amount to a very largo sum in the course of a year. (Applause.) He suggested also to large employers of labour that if the time should come that they could not accommodate themselves to meeting the expenses of the Infirmary, the burden would be very much treater than any sub- scriptions which they might make to it. At the present time, the shortage in income was something like £1,300 a year, and they were extremely anxious to find some means of bringing over that amount. A- good deal could be done by private subscriptions, and they hoped the large firms would recognize the necessity of the cage. While looking to private subscriptions, be also thought the workingmen's organizations would strive to do something to help as well, and that they would thus be able to find the £1,300 a year increased iucome necessary. He wished to emphasise the resolution, trusted that it would receive the cordial sympathy of all in that room, and that it would echo throughout the town outside, and the Board of Management might ' before long cease to feel the keen pinch of poverty which faced them at the present time. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19091113_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. J. J. BLECKLY AND EARLY DAYS.

Mr. J. J. BLECKLY seconded, and said the deficiency this year promised to be something like £1,441, and over and above that there vvas an accumulated defici- ency of .C 1,872. He did not think it desirable to jump at that all at once, but it was claimed that there should be a revenue of £5,000 a year. Am.,ngst the list of sub- scribers there were various compmies-100 companies and private firms and about 300 private subscribers and the Board of Guardians and the Corporation of Warring- ton. The Guardians and the Corporation were very much relieved in their duties by the operations of the Infirmary and Dispensary. Instead ot subscribing £l7 103. they ought to ciaim from them .C 270 at the very least and they ought to make a strong appeal on that ground. (Hoar, hear and applause.) Then about the workingmen's contribution. Here Mr. Itylands was quite right, and when he said that the Institu- tion might be taken out of their hands and administered by the Government he forgot that not only would the ratepayers have to contribute whether they would or no, but the workmen would contribute out of the rates in the same manner and to a much larger extent than at present. (Hear, hear). He appealed to the local patriotism of them all. Here they had a great Institution, which they had inheritei from their predecessors and which wt.s commenced 100 years ago on a very modest scale. He recollected it 50 years ago when it was 'erected in the Market place and was called the Dispensary, and their much respected friend, Mr. Charles White, was Dispenser and Doctor. En those days he was called " Charlie White," but there were few of them now who would venture to address him by that familiar name as they looked upon him as the doyen of the medical profession in the town. (Applause).

===== 0002601_19091113_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
A MILLION PENNY FUND.

Mr. J. 11. SMETHURST supported the resolution, and said that during the past three years he (the speaker) had probably seen as much, if not more, of the internal working of the Institution than any other member, and he could say perfectly straightforwardly with Mr. Rylands that every penny that could he saved had been saved. (Applause.) Ho did not think it was at all creditable to the people of the term that the institution should be kept up by a comparatively few. If the people who used the Institution wished to keep it efficient they should be the first to come forward. Ile agreed with Mr. Bleckly that the Town Council and the Board of Guardians were not doing their duty to that charity. The cause of humanity demanded that they should do something more for their fellow men than throw the burden on the rates. Lie contended that the entrance hall should be improved. When an accident case was brought in, probably It man badly mangled, he had to be taken past the patients and their friends, and that was a case in point where more money would he needed. It had been suggested and practically adopted that they should try a million penny fund to enable every person to contribute some- thing to help on the useful work which was being carried on in that Institution. That did not mean that they would not ask for more than a penny; indeed one gentleman had said that he would be pleased to give a 1,000 pennies. (Applause.) In conclusion, Mr. Smethurst referred to the good work done for the Institution by the children and Mr. J. Moore Murray and others, and said he had no doubt that the rTheme would go forward if they could get hold of tho young people. With more money they might have a con- valescent home to which they could send poor children. (Applause.) Mr. WILLIAM LONG willingly and cordially endorsed the sentiments of the resolution, lie thought he should like to use a Lancashire phrase and " rub in " some of the remarks of the last speaker. (Hear, hear.) After What Mr. Rylands had said with regard to the figures, he could not say that he felt very proud of Warrington. They had been provided with that handsome building —not so much handsome as useful, and competent for any work to be carried on in it—aLd ho did not think that it was very much to their credit that

they had not already assessed themselves, which he thought in those matters they all ought to do. (Applause,) A man should consider what his income was, and what he could afford for the best institution in the town. He earnestly begged all present to go home and think in what way they could best help the Institu- tion and what their subscription ought to be, from their position and obligations, whether they were rich or poor. He hoped they would all be proud of the place and help it forward by every means in their power. (Applause). A CENTENARY APPROACHING. Mr. ROBERT PIERPOINT also supported the motion, and said it might be worth noting in appealing to the public, as they were going to appeal, that the Dis- pensary, which was actually the Infirmary, was opened on the 12th of April, 1810, in a building rented by the committee in the Market Place, but in the year 1818 neat 11 nd commodious erection was built for the per- manent use of that valuable establishment at a cost of £1,030, in Buttermarket-street, where about j,OOO • persons yearly partook of its benefits. If a population of not more than 14,000 could be so generous' when there were no great works, it was very proper that they should remember what had been done in the past, arm what ought to be done in a community like Warrington was at the present day. (Applause.) The burden of a great institution was placed on very few. He endorsed as strongly as he could the warning to the town against getting this institution taken over as a Government department. From his experience, which was a fairly long one, he had the greatest horror of any institution becoming the prey or the care, whichever they chose, of a Government department. He urged upon the town to make the Infirmary a voluntary institution and support it as generously as it ought to be supported. (Applause.) The resolution was then put, and carried unanimously. CO-OPERATION OF EMPLOYERS AND WORKPEOPLE.

HOW TO PUT THE INSTITUTION IN CLOVE“. Mr. HENRY ROBERTS proposed : "That this meeting returns its grateful thani,s to the Working Men's Infirmary Committee for the handsome :tiro subscribed through them by the empleyes of the town and district and wo,ild earnestly ask all those employers of labour who have not yet done so, to kindly co-operate wit their workpeople in the systematic raising of funds.' He said he agreed that Oe Corporation, as representing the whole bcdy of the ratepayers, might do something much more adequate and representative of the important position they occupied in regard te the contributions to that Institution. fie thought their subseription at present was about .£2O a year—a truly inadequate amount. (Hoar, hear). He thought at the very least they were entitled to 104 the Corporation for something between £lOO and £2OO. Then there were a large number of Insurance Companies who must have materially henelited by the services of the medical staff and muses in looking after injured workmen,. and ho thought they ought to be °Abed te make a suhatential, contribution to the Infirmary. In the Infirmary area there was a population of 120.00. Reckoning live to a family that would give them 24,00° male heads of families. If each contributed Id.per month that would bring in £1,200 a year. If each contributed ld. per week that would bring in £4,Boo,which would put tbe institution in clover. There were 57 fully occupied beds and they had 73 beds they could occupy if they had the money. If those employers who bad not Yet done so would co-operate with their workpeople, it was astonishing what a large amount of money could be raised by regular administration. They asked for the co-operation of masters and men in try ing.to effect one of the finest results the town bad ever attempted. Mr WILLIAM CARSON, in seconding, said be agreed with Mr. Roberts thoroughly that if the needs of the Infirmary were only placed fairly before the working men they would be equal to the responsibilities. He considered there would be a great addition to the s(lb-. scribers' list if people would make this a personal matter and point out to their friends whose name did not appear that they were neglecting their duty.

A SUGGESTION. Mr. F. W. MONKS, in supporting the resolution, he was glad the Board of Management acknowledge' the services of the Workingmen's Committee. It wool give them some encouragement to do better. He place,' the number of workingmen in Warrington at 8,000. each contributed Id. per week that would bring ID about .C 1,700 a year. He felt satiEfipd that if emploYe" would help their men in a scheme of weekly contribu- tions it would be an enormous benefit to the men. -D only required starting on satisfactory lines to go On properly. The bcheme was in operation at the %corks with which he was connected and there was no di culty. The men worked it. themselves with satisfactorY results.

Captain CROSFIELD and Mr. llENttir TAYLOR, a work- ing man, also supported the resolution,which was passed.

THANKING THE PRESIDENT. Alderman BURTON, in proposing a vote of thanks to Sir Gilbert Greenell for presiding, said the Working Men's Committee increased their contribution year bl year and they; would endeavour to aim at £l,lOO, aS suggested by Mr. R3lands. Mr. G. DAKIN seconded and the resolution Was adopted with acelarnatioa.

Sr GILBERT, in reply, said he felt that that was one of the most important meet jugs in connection with the infirmary he had presided over. lie thought the out- come of that gathering would be satisfactory. They all felt the necessity of the Institution and realized the great good it did, and if they went away determined to make their friends who did not subscribe do sop their funds would be much improved.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
[ALL RIGHTS RESERVEDA

THE COMMODORE'S BRACELET

BY HAROLD BINDLOSS author of "His Adversary's Daughter," "Held Up," "The Kingdom of Courage," " Ainslie's Ju-Ju," "A Wide Dominion," &e.

The second day of the regatta was over, and it was a fine summer evening, when Gellatly strolled up and down the railed-off portion of the pier behind the yacht club pavilion ,with Miss Millicent Aylmer, who listened with exemplary patience while he •discoursed upon chains and anchors and run- ning gear. Gellatly was an enthusiast, and, .in some respects, painfully young, or he -might have chosen topics she would have found more pleasure in. The girl was not only very pretty, but got up very 'daintily in blue serge and little pipe-clayed shoes, while it is possible she had a reason for being gracious to him, since there were .men much 'better worth powder and shot who would have been glad to stroll about the pier -with her. There were also elaborately- dressed women, waiting to hear what arrangt- ments the committee had made for tht 'Ladies' Cup Race on the morrow. It was an event of some importance, that fit, -socially, for the chief proviso was that each yacht must be steered by a lady, though men who sailed for sailing's sake, and valued their 'boats, had very little to say in its favour. At 'last a door in the pavilion opened, and Nortii- rop, Gellatly's skipper, who came out and -found Millicent Aylmer and his amateur hand leaning. upon the rails, endeavoured to make the latter understand that his company could be dispensed with. It was, however, not every day that a girl like Millicent Aylmer was gracious to young Gellatly; and he stayed where he was, regardless of the fact •-that one of his shoes had burst during the racing, and there was rest from an old chain :cable, as well as salt stains, on his clothing. "It's all arranged," said Northrop. "You are to sail the boat for me, Millicent, and we have Peyton for third hand. We allow a minute to Octoroon, and she is the boat I am -most afraid of. Miss Jardine steers her." Miss Aylmer sinned -somewhat curiously. 4." I wonder if you know that Lucy Jaidine is not exactly a dear friend of mine?" she said. -"You may have noticed, too, that Peyton is about a good deal with her, and be is a man I have no great liking for either. Why didn't .he go in Octoroon with Lucy?" "I don't know," said Northrop. " Alay way, the Commodore asked me to take him, and he's rather a good hand, though I'm no fonder of him than you seem to be. Oh, 'there's the secretary wanting me again!" He left them. evidently against his will, and Gellatly and Mies Aylmer stayed where they were, looking down on the sliding green water and listening to the band. At last the girl smiled at her companion. "I mean to win that cup for the skipper. and the Commodore's bracelet for myself, if I can." she said. Gellatly laughed. "It's rather curious, but I fancy I just heard Miss Jardine say the same thing. She's talking to Peyton yonder." Millicent Aylmer turned, and saw a man 'leaning over the back of a lounge chair in which another young woman, also attired in blue serge, sat not far away. Her voice reached them plainly. "Yes." she said, "I would raally like the bracelet, and, in any case. I wouldrOlt. be pleased if Millicent Aylmer got it. One would 'fancy from the handicap that it lies between Northrop's boat and Octoroon." Gellatly was about to move, but he .felt his companion's hand upon his arm, and just then the man who leant upon the chair laughed. , "Well," he said. "von certainly shall heal it if I can do anything towards arrangire the thing." ."But you are sailing in Northrop's Nile enna!" said his companion. The man laughed again. "Yes," he said, “I believe I am." Millicent Aylmer glanced at young Gellatly ns she drew him nway. "If people i will talk in a loud voice when there are other folks about they can't comnlain of being over- heard," she said. "Of course. he mayn't have meant anything in particular, but I don't -like Mr. Peytnn." - Gellatly didn't either; but Northrop. who appeared just then. signed to him imperi- ously, and he excused himself and joined him. "I think it's about time you went off and helped Jimmy to Straighten the boat up," he said. "Any way. one would fancy Miss Aylmer has had enough of Yon. You, don't suppose a girl of her kind thinks of nothing except sails and anchors!" Young Gellatly went off to the Nirvana, end presently sat in her forecastle talking to Jimmy, the red-haired paid hand. The latter expectorated disgustedly when the race was mentioned. "If to-morrer was over, and t•nli and me all safe, I'd be glad." be said. "If {here's a breeze them young women is going to drown somebody. I've no use for them at sea, though Miss Aylmer's not quite as bad as the rest of

them."' "1 woncl2r," said Gellatly, " whltt you think of Peyton?" "I don't think roil-link at all—of him. He was once in the old Kate with me, and he come off with three portmantelus. and growled about my cooking. If anybody gets drowndecl to-morrer it oughter to be him. Give me the sailing man as comes off plain and hearty, with his clothes in his pockets, .eame as you."

Gellatly grinned. "Well." he said, re- " you and I have managcd to make -men of Mr. Peyton's kind sorry for them- selves before. Two or three of them, in fact, if I remember."

Jimmy chuckled, and Gellatly went up on deck, for he had a good deal to tlo that even- ing; end it was towards two o'clock on the next afternoon when he pulled ashore in the dinghy to bring Miss Aylmer off. She stood at the edge of the water, which was shallow -just there, and young Gellatly,. who splashed -through it when the dinghy grounded, looked :at her diffidently. , "I don't 4:nk you could walk to her with- out wc,iiing your shoes," he said. "No," said *ins Aylmer, drily, "I am

.quite sure I coul4n't." Gellatly appeared to hesitate, and then .suddenly lowered his head. "You see, we really haven't much time to lose," he said. -" You'll have to excuse----" He never knew how he got hold of her, but In another moment he was reeling breath- lessly through the water, and when he dropped her into the dinghy the girl's face was flushed, though there was a curious danc- ing light in her eyes. Gellatly gasped as he :looked at her deprecatingly. "You see, I never tried to carry anybody before—and it wasn't quite as easy—as I thought," he said. "I think that is evident," said his com- panion. "One would fancy it would be con- siderably wiser if you didn't try again." Then he rowed off, and the Nirvana's big white mainsail was already up when they reached her, while Northrop and Jimmy were desperately busy. A steam yacht decked with flags lay not far away. The beach and pier abreast of her were crowded with spectators, and a fresh breeze from seaward sent a long, foam-flecked roll tumbling into the bay. Overhead, streaks of fleecy cloud swept across the sunny blue, and five or six other boats, also of some ten tone or so, were wheeling and flitting to and fro. gleams of snowy canvas and varnished hulls on the sun- lit brine. Then, as they let go the moorings and broke out the jib, a gun crashed on the steamer, and Northrop, who called Miss Ayl- mer to the helm, sat down in the cockpit with his watch in his hand. "Five minutes to go," he said. "Keep net • off the line until just before the second gun. It will be safer. Now, we'll have the stay. sail up." Gellatly, springing forward, set' it with .Jimmy's help, while the Nirvana flung the spray all over them as she drove away with keen bows dipping in a smother of frothing brine. Her deck slanted until the lower side •of it was in the sea, and the foam washed along it, creeping up a plank or two. Ahead, the other boats were turning and twisting

nbnut the atartincr line. and there was a aohil neat more wina than Uelta.tly carect about with a lady at the tiller. "Four minutes," eaid Northrop. "It her *come round."-

The Nirvana su i)I,6,LL o,,,tuenly, there was a banging of canvas, and they were off again on tne other tack, With the froth whirl- ing past them, apparently as fast as a steamer. Six sharply-slahted spires of can- vas with slender, half-buried hulls I.eneath them, were also driving down uPcn the gap between pier and steamer; but the helms- woman who got her bcat across that line be- fore the _ gun flashed must keep clear of all the others while she came bacii and crossed again. The gap was narrow, and Gellatly was wondering uncomfortably what would happen if anybody lost their head or nerve when there was a crash, as two of the spires of canvas drove together and one of them col- lapsed. Then Jimmy chuckled hoarsely,. while a- shouting broke .out from the pier. ," Well," he said, "they're beginning, Somebody's 'going to be drownded sun-!" The two boats were, hung up in the middle ,t the line while the four others swot down them, and Northrop's voice rang sharply: . _ . _

" Two s minutcs. Stand by! now !"

It's- oLe-forty

Gellatly flashed a glance at their helms- woman, and was a little Comforted. The Nir- vana's deck was deep in the brine, and so steep that one could scarcely have kept his footing on it. She was also flinging the sea all over her forward. But the slight figure in blue serge sat quietly on the weather coaming with both hands on the tiller, and there was a little resolute look in the face turned for- ward with cheeks Whipped to a fine carmine by the flying spray. Still, the way the boats were converging upon the line would have made it remarkably easy for even a good helmsman to hurl the Nirvana into one of them like a battering ram, and Gellatly felt his nerves tingle and his \ mouth grow dry. Millicent Aylmer, however, was gazing steadily forward when he glanced at her again, and there was peither fear nor hesita- tion in her clear grey eves. "We'll have her round," she said, sharply, and looked at Northrop, whose voice rose a trifle strained. •

"Stand by!" he said. "One minute to go!" The girl shoved down the tiller, the boat swung upright, span as on a pivot, and, charging through the green sea ridges, rushed at the line. Two other craft were crossing her on the opposite tack, tall heights of .11anted canvas smothering foam-lapped hulls, and the slight figure stiffened to rigid tension at the Nirvana's helm. Millicent Aylmer had lost her hat, her loosened, hair whipped about her, and the .spray was .wet upon her face. but there was a little glow in her eyes, and her hands were clenched upon the straining helm. A couple o`f fathoms scarcely, divided them from the nearest craft, and a very little blunder would send one of them to the bottom. But the Nirvana had right of way, and, flinging the foam upon her quarter, the other boat went by. Gellativ glanced at the opening gap ahead, and Northrop's voice rose Thirty seconds to go!" Girl and helm swung together,, young Gel-' latly held his breath, and Northrop clenched his watch as though he meant to crush it. Then a flag dropped suddenly from the steamer's mast, there was a blinding flash and a detonation, and the Nirvana charged through the drifting smoke, the second boat across.

Northrop wiped his damp face and pocketed his watch, while - young Gellatly ga6ped as he. settled himself for the race. It was a beat to windward, a series of zig-zag slants, to the seaward mark, and the Nirvana was an hour ,and a-half getting there with the spray flying &11 over her. She .went round it, third boat, with another driving through the green seas a fathom or two behind, and then the girl at, the helm looked round at .her crew as they turned homeward and brought the wind astern.

"Octoroon is carrying her small topsail," she said. "I want your big one up." Young Gellativ looked at Northrop, and did not move., It seemed to him and paid- band Jimmy that, with a lady at the helm, the Nirvana was carrying sail enough. frown. .• crept into the girl's face, and she straightened. her brews. "I think • I asked for the topsail," she . said. Then—for there is an etiquette in these matter—Northrop swung round on young

"She did," he safd, sharply. "Why don't you get it up?" Gellatly crawled forward with Jimmy, who winked at him, surre.ptitiovsly, or So, at least, he thought, but when the sail was half hoisted Miss Aylmer rais.ed her hand.. "Do you supper-se I don't know the differ- ence. between the big racing topsail and the second one?" she said:

That settled it, and they sent up the biggest sail, and afterwards crept up little by little with the Octoroon, until there was a crash and a great flapping aloft. Then they spent at least five minutes getting the topsail down, -znd when it was done young Gellatly looked ward at Peyton.

"It's ra.ther a curious thing that a man who sails as much as you do doesn't know how to make a halliard bend that won't let go." he said. . Northrop glanced un sharply, but the girl at the helm was silent, and Peyton said nothing at all, whilo between them they sent the topsail aloft once more. Then the Octo- roon's crew became Inlay shoving out a long boom, and when • a balloon-like mass of can- yas rose above it -I\l!rs Aylmer spoke again. "I fancy Octoroon is the only boat that can beat 116. on th., liand!cap, and they are setting their small sp:nnakt I." she said. "I think I -am as c•tpa.i.. of steering a boat as Lucy Jard:ne, and I want to see Nirvana under :her liigest one." Gellatly glale,.‘d t th., slripper,. and this time Northrop looked diestinetly dubious. A spinnaker is a huge, " three-comered sail which is set on the opposite side of the boat to her mainsail, and can enly be kept there by the helmsman's skill. If be lets the boat swerve a trifle from her course it, or the mainsail, swing crashing over, and then, in any strength of wind, the result is apt to be disaster. Still, the girl. seemed resolute, and the skipper made a little gesture. "Very Well,- he said. • Get it up." .It was as much as the four of them could do, and the Nirvana looked very like a knife on edge 'beneath the great white wing spread out on either side when they had accomplished it. Held down by a cloud of canvas she reeled along, swaying in a stately measure, with the foam standing a foot above her deck, while the red-haired Jimtny and young Gel- latly crawled out on the heaving booms. They went right up one moment, and the next came dipping down until their 'feet were al- most in the rushing brine, while both of them knew that very unpleasant things would hap- pen if Miss Aylmer let either of the great sails swing over. The men's weight was some protection against this; but it would avail little in case of a blunder at the- tiller.

Then comprehension commenced to dawn on young Gellatly, who was not what could be called a lady's man, as he looked aft while he swung between sky and sea. Millicent Aylmer was very pretty, ,even with her spray- wet hair whipping about her. But it was not her beauty which attracted him. It was the courage in her wet face, and the steadiness of her clear grey eyes as she hurled the over- canvased vessel straight through the seas. The qualities that set man—and it seemed woman too—to grapple with the tumbling waters and the winds of heaven are apt to urove useful anywhere, and it struck young iellatly that a man might make a better race In the great handicap of life with such a partner at his side. In the meanwhile they crept up with, and passed, the Octoroon, burrowing through the white-topped ridges a few fathoms away; and it did not count for much that there were still two boats before them, since in yacht racing all start level, and the handicap time is deducted at the finish. Already the big steam yacht was growing higher ahead, and there was content in all the faces save that of Peyton. He was glancing astern while the Octoroon dropped further and further behind them.

"I think the cup is as good as in our locker, and the bracelet on Miss Aylmer's wrist," said the skipper. "If nothing goes wrong we will take more than that minute out of Octoroon." Then ,Pevton rose thrninh they.. wal. fancied, a certain resoluteness his movements. .

"There's a halliard or something washing overside forward." he said. The Nirvana lifted with a vicious lurch as he scrambled along the deck. But it seemed to Gellatly that he staggered a moment too

soon, and anitusc a axeisinatitted into the sea he jumped for the three-inch rail. He grabbed at something that swirled by amidst a smother of foam, and Jimmy, who flung. himself down beside him, clutched it too; but four men could not have dragged it out of the sea at the pace the Nirvana was travelling. In another moment it was torn away from them, and when a -half-seen form swept away astern Jimmy glanced at the two or three hairs id his wet hand.

"They come out. I must have had him by the 'ead," he said.

Then, or perhaps it was a moment earlier, Millicent Aylmer broke into a little startled try. Oh," she said, "he'll drown! Jump for your lives, and get the spinnaker down ! ' Northrop raised his hand to the others re- strainingly, and looked at her with a grim smile.

"I think not," he said. "Keel) her going as she. is. If you shift your helm you'll whip the mast out of her." That was tolerably evident, for the moment the Nirvana swerved mainsail or big spin- naker would swing crashing. over. Still, the girl glanced at him with horror, and then glanced over her shoulder towards Peyton's head whirling down the wake astern. "But," he gasped, "you can't leave him in the water!"

"That is just what I \propose to do. It is only a day or two ago since he was challeng- ing anybody to swim him across the Straits. asides, by this time he is a good deal nearer his friends on board the Octoroon, and, as he went in to please himself, or them. I really don't know any reason why they shouldn't have thc opportunity of saving him." "To please himself?" said Millicent, with a little gasp. "Exactly!" And Northrop's .tone was dry. "You see, whoever came round to pick him en wr-id lose considerably more than a minute."

Miss Aylmer was ':npparently 6atisfied, for she said nothing. further, though there was a e, spot of crimon In her cheek, which may have been due to anger, es she braced herself against the straining helm; while as the rest -fazed astern they saw the Octoroon's spin.

gaz, aN.,... __ .. .4, __ - naker collapse, and the boat swing round and rush with plunging bows towards a dim ob- ject that rege and clipped /with the seas. Jimmy chuckled hoars.2ly.

".There's Miss Jardine going for him," he said. "She's shaping well to knock his brains out !" Peyton, so far as they could make out. dived just in time, and the Octoroon came round, while when she swept across the spot avain it. wan with some of her. -canvas flap- ping and a man leaning out with a big boat- hook. She, however, missed the swimmer a second time, though Gellatly fancied that the man with the boathook had torn part of his clothes, off him. Then they • could look no longer, for they were creeping up with one of the leading boats, and the pier arid steam yacht were close ahead. The other boat dropped back a trifle further, -a shouting com- menced, on the pier, and the craft swept on side by side, two great swaying spires of -sail, cloth, for the gap between it and the steamer. Then the Nirvana drew a little ahead, there was a long, flash and a detonation, and a roar went up as she. drove into the smoke of the gun: Still, all that Northrop heard was a voice that came hoarsely through the din. " You've got the cup with two minutes still in hand," it said.

' After , that they jumped for sheets and hal- liards, and the great sails came down, while when they swung to their anchor ten . minutes later a boat did away from the Octoroon's side with a very wet and equally ragged man in it. Miss Aylmer, who saw him, smiled at Northrop. "It you were right—and, now I remember how /he bent on the topsail, I think you were —he deserves it," she said. " Lucy's man has evidently" torn mcst • of. his jacket off him. Still, isn't that a protest flag on Octoroon?" " It is," said Northrop, drily. " \\Te haven't got the cup yet.. The committee- will no doubt go into the thing this evening." He was quite correct. There as a very solemn meeting a few . hours late , in the \r Yacht Club pavilion, but before it was over Northrop, who came out smiling, found Milli- cent Aylmer and young Gellatly waiting him on the pier. It was, naturally, the girl he turned to. / .

" The bracelet's yours, and I almost fancy Peyton isn't feeling exactly • happy just now, he said. " Still, we'll no doubt hear what the Commodore thought of him to-morrow, and there are One or two things I want to talk -about in the meanwhile."

Young Gellatly saw the girl's face flush, for it was clear moonlight, and it occurred to him that they Would be just as content without a third • that night. He afterwards felt more sure of it when, leaning on the rails of the pier, •he watched two shadowy figures saunter away down the lonely beach. In any case, .when Millicent Aylmer came bask, she met Miss Jardine on the steps of the pier, and the latter returned her greet- •ing with very scant civility. I was never a great admirer of Henry Northrop, but I scarcely expected what he did to-day even from him," she said. "Still, I suppose you don't mind so long as he has given you the bracelet." Millicent laughed a little. "1 claresay you can't help being angry, but you . evidently dcn't understand," she said. " You see, Mr. Peyton didn't fall in. He went in, on pur- pose, and that we why we left him for you. As to the bracelet, you can have, it if you really want it ,very much. Harry has given me something I value a good deal more than that."

She glanced down at one ungloved hand on which there flashed a ring, .but Miss Jardine did not seem to notice it, and gazed at her in blank astonishment. "You are quite ,sure? You daren't tell me he went in on purpose if it wasn't so." "I think," said Millicent, quietly. "you should .ask one of the committee. If they hadn't believed he threw himself in so we should have to pick him up they certainly wouldn't have awarded Us the cup." Miss Jardine turned and left her. Still, she evidently made inquiries, for when Peyton came upon her a little later he heard suffi- cient to make his ears tingle; and, having a good deal of assurance, betook himself for consolation to the smoking-room attached to the Pavilion.

"If I can have this Ladies' Clip abolished it will be clone," he said. "It's an ab- surdity under any circumstances. Women aren't to be trusted with a boat: 'Today one of them unconcernedly left me behind to drown, and another did her utmost to knock my brains out. Then, as if that was not suffi- cient, she turned round and abused me savagely." The man he spoke to laughed. • "I almost think the less you say about • it the better it will be. You could hardly expect Miss Jar- dine to be flattered by your thinking she would appreciate the little game you evi- dently meant to play. In fact, from what the Commodore said, one could fancy you were lucky that they didn't ask you to get out of the club."

[Tim END.]

===== 0002601_19091113_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
• "

,

The Examiner, Saturday,

===== 0002601_19091113_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
The Late Mr. John Gibbins.

A Station of the Cross has been placed in the Church of the Sacred Heart as a memorial to the lat.?. MP. John Gibbins, who was for many years choir- master and one of the most devoted workel.3 of the church. The Rev. Father Rockliff made a touching reference so the late choirmaster and his work. He that Mr. Gibbins was loyal to his church and his priests, and was beloved by all the choir. After the r.:nmon the choir sang, in an impressive nlanner, their late conductor's favourite, "De Profundis," and chring Bendiction the hymn "Requieseat in Pace" was rendered by the choir and congregation.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
" INEALTH IS NOT ALL"

IS the lovely COLOURED PLATE CENTREPIECE Of the "LIVERPOOL WEEKLY POST" SHEET ALMANAC for 1910, to be PRESEN LED v‘ith the "WEEKLY POST" of NEXT SATURDAY (Nov. 20). It is the Finest Plate ever Issued. In the same issue begins a stirring Industri9l stoty, and the GREAT GAME OP. ZAGZIGS again. Big rush for Almanac certain. ORDER YOURS TO-DAY to make sure.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0072.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19091113_art0073.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_19091113_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
November 13, 1909. LOCAL PARLIAMENT.

POOR LAW REFORM BILL.

Poor Law Reform was the subject for debate at the weekly meeting of the Warrington Parliamentary Debating Society on Tuesday evening, a Bill "to pro- vide for the better working of the laws relating to the relief of poor persons in England and Wales," being introduced by the President of the Board of Trade Mr. J. McDermid). Tee full provisions of the Bill were given in last Saturday's "Examiner." Mr. MCDERMID, in introducing the Bill, traced the history of the Poor Law. He said it was the fashion to decry the Act of 1834, but there could be little doubt that for the first forty years of its existence it did its work both economically and efficiently. The rise and development of the great towns arid cities in more recent times had,however, changed the aspect of the problem, and there was a well-founded impression that the existing Act did not deal adequately with the industrial and social conditions of the present day. The growth of expenditure on the Poor Law had been enormous and out of all proportion to the numbers relieved. It had increased from 5.;.1 millions in 1849 to 15 millions in 1908, and in the same period the cost per head had risen from loss than £6 to over £l6. Under the Act of 1834 a gross sum of ovEr £600,000,000 had been spent on poor relief. There was a very prevalent feel- jug that we did not get value for the money spent. The Bill now introduced was substantially on the lines of the majority report of the recent Commission. It would, he claimed, secure proper classification, increased efficiency of administration, and a just and equitable distribution of the burden of cost. It would reduce the number of authorities from 643 to 135, and in abolishing Boards of Guardians it would carry out the practically unanimous recommendation of the Com- mission. It was worthy of note that one of the most democratic franchises we possessed had proved a failure in Guardians' electious, only one tourth of the electors exercising their power of voting. The co-ordination of existing charitaLle agencies would prevent overlapping and enormous waste. The evils of the present. system of mixed Workhouses were generally recognized and separate classification would be made possible by the extension of the area of administration which would in many eases leave avail- able within the area several separate establishments where the different classes of persons requiring relief could be dealt with. It had long been telt that the Workhouse was no place for children. A large pro- portion were now dealt with in other institutions, but a percentage remained in the Workhouses, and the associations must have a damaging effect upon their future careers. There was a growing opinion in favour of the traditional Scottish system of boarding out. Aged folks ought not to be forced to associate with depraved and disreputable characters. The out-relief at present given to widows with families was often inadequate. That people should be disfranchised for receiving medical relief was outside the region of Common sense. Mr. G. WILSON (Hyde, C.) seconded the adoption of the Bill.

Mr. W. FURNESS (N. Bristol, L.) moved that the Bill be read that day three months. He described the Bill as one of the most extravagant that any Government could conceive. No idea of the cost of administration had been put before the House,but he had no hesitation in sayieg that it would involve the ratepayers lean expen- diture of about £16,000,000. The Bill would have the opposite effect to what was intended. How could they reduce the expenditure when they would at once be called upon to erect new buildings to accommodate the various classes. The alteration of areas and the adop- tion of the co-optive principle would add to the com- plex character of the adruinistrttion. It had been estimated that the recommendations of the Royal Commission would in% olve Bolton in an expen- diture of £60,000, if put into operation there, and that would apply to a large number of boroughs. In Warrington all the machinery was in the borough and therefore tthe' county would have to make pro- vision for new institutions to deal with the rural parts of the Union. The present expenditure in the War- rington Union, was about Os. 20. per head, of which 6Ad. went to the maintenance of paupers, the balance being absorbed by administration expenses. The present Bill would probably increase that cost and would place a millstone round the neck of the rate- payer, without lessening the number of paupers. An irresponsible authotity would beset up, power being given to it to spend money without public control. He had no objection to women serving on Boards of Guardians—they were very useful--but he would limit the proportion of lady guardians to one-fourth. Women were inclined "to think with their hearts" instead of with their brains. Under the existing Poor Law, Boards of Guardians had power to classify the inmates, if they desired. The provisions embodied in the Bill were opposed by the majority of Poor Law administrators and clerks of Unions who were convinced that they were not in the interests of the poor or of the ratepayers. Mr. P. O'BRIEN (North St. Pancras, L.) seconded the amendment. •

Mr. W. NIGHTINGALE (NOTMantnn, S.) -said he rose neither to curse nor to bless. He considered the arguments advanced by Mr. Furness-, were pre- posterouig. There was, however, nothing in the measure that went to the .root of the npitter ; it was only patching up. It, made one sick to hear the talk of expense. The country was full of Money, but it was in the wrong hands. (Laughter.) The speaker expressed disapproval of the present "humbugging "voluntary systems of administering charity. "Give me tbe State,' he declared. The Poor Law was a canker which, unless it was removed, would kill the country.

, _ ..... Mr. G. H. W. STEEL (First Lord of the Admiralty) contended that Mr. Furness had condemned his. own , arguments by pointing to the enormous expense incurred in administration under the present system. The exist- ing Poor Law was a disgrace to any civilised country. The present Government had introduced measures of Church reform, electoral reform, and Poor Law reform, and when they had finished with the present pleasure they would bring in tariff reform—(laughter) to find the money to pay for it. When the Conservatives brought in their Budget real unemploy- ment would be done away with and there would only be the "unemployables." (A Voice : " Mr. Balfour d es not say so.") With regard to co-opted members, he contended that the syetem worked well on the educa- tion committees, and he protested against the uncalled for remarks of the member for Nord; Bristol regarding women members. As to the proposed detention colonies for persons of "vicious : ad pernicious habits," he (the speaker) would advocate not detentien but extermination. (A Nationalist Member: "A good old Tog policy.") Mr. FELIX MAGINN (W. Clare, N.) said he objected to the Bill, not because of its inherent defects, but because he suspected the motives that had caused it to be brought forward. He was oue of the people who suspected the motives of the Education Act of 1902. He regarded it as an Act to dis- solve School Boards and to throw the apple of religious discord into municival elections. It operated very, successfully on behalf of the Conservative party. He saw in the present Bill exactly the same tactics lepeated—anotber elective body dissolved, another nominated body set up. He utterly distrusted the Conservatives when they masqueraded as reformers. They always had their eyes upon party advantage. Ile believed the moving reason for the introduction of the present measure was: How many votes they could gain from the poor and the keen sympathisers with the poor and how much authority they could gain by putting their friends and nominees on the Public Assistence Authorities. If the present attempt stood by itself, he would not be so free in his assertions. At the present time e Conservative party was going about the countrythanking God for the House of Lords and callin upon that House to defend the country against the democratically elected Holl£o of Commons. The Conservatives were at present, through their organs, putting before the public a scheme of peasant proprietorship, but it must be within the recollection of many members of the House that the Conservative party thirty years ago condemned peasant proprietor- ship, when it was proposed as a cure for Irish poverty, as confiscation and robbery. Not more than twelve years ago the objection was put for ward that although peasant proprietorship might. be a good thing for Ireland, the Conservative party could never take it up keens° the English peasants and farmers would be wanting it as well, and they could never stand that (A voice: Did they get it ?")On compulsion. The Corsei votive Party generally resisted until they brought the country to the verge of resolution and then turned round and ate their own words. (Laughter.) As to the Education Act of 1902, the School Boards were popularly elected bodies elected on a peculiar franchise which gave minorities representation. The Corservatives swept them away and threw education into the cauldron of municipal contention and resorted to disruptive tactics, thus succeeding in separating the Irish Catholics in this country from their natural allies the Liberals (Cries of" hear, hear" and "no, no.") With regard to old age pensions, the Conservatives opposed a non-contributory scheme in that assembly contending that it would panperiso and degrade the country.

Mr. J. JARMAN (Burton-on-Trent), L.), said he agreed with some parts of the Bill and not with others, and he did not as yet feel justified in voting for its rejection. He did not agree that the Bill would increase adminis- tration expenses, because many of the institutions required for classification had already been provided and the pressure upon them would be relieved by tbe alteration of areas. He did not agree with the principle of co-opting members to public authorities. It was quite time the whole of private charities were at last under State supervision and that we knew the amounts which had been left to them and how the money was being disposed of. If such a proposal bad come from the Liberal side of the House it would have been "confis- cation and robbery." (Laughter.) Coming from the Conservative side, it was simply a mild form of com- pulsion. (Laughter.) He suggested that instead of paying out-relief in money it should be in kind, and that there should be a central distributing warehouse with one large buying authority, under expert manage- ment. We could do with more of the sympathy of women on Boards of Guardians. (Hear, hear). The debate was adjourned on the proposition of Mr R. DONE (Newport, C.)

===== 0002601_19091113_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
• ~, .. • . , *1); \:. ' ' • •. . V 4,1 . '-'• • ft': •.. „ : :; . • • • A ..0 .6,.. 4.: •.' \- ' . . • i \t'. '• '• , ... :: , , • tik ~.:. ,• • ~,•• ' IS , t_f • ' eft - ' k' ;,.', • Ilk ..:-. '''‘Z l',*:/ , ,„‘(, , . -, , • ~.ii- .••`, A..' • • .4.-.%* '''k"..,`, ''', ,' K.O: ... ," Lung Tonic

The most up-to-date, best known and most successful Remedy in the World for '-76.` tr-r":='HS .:'::*LDS

Invaluable to SPEAKERS, SINGERS and all who

suffer from THROAT WEAKNESS.

CAUTIOII:—Ask for "Owbridge" and take no substitute. This is the Best, Cheapest, and Safest way to recovery.

Prepared hy W. T. OWBRIDGE, Ltd., LnufacturQrs, The Laboratory, HULL. Etablished 1874.

in bottles, at is. 10. . 6d., and us.

they use is the veto. Then the one thing we have to do is to take the weapon once for all out of their hands. It is alleged that the House of Lords is to reject the Budget and force on a general election. The power to do that is in their hands. But if a general election is to take place, let the Cabinet determine that it shall not be on the one question of the passing of the Budget, but on that of the extinction of the veto of the Upper House. Get that settled once for all, and then it will be possible to go forward."

iro# 1,, COUGHS • nridges up - • zing iote 1• • ' 4 COLDS. "

...liiif#:lsaf.,ao:4%, • ie5,.... • ' --.- :, , ...- .-.-, , f „,. 6.6 .e..-•,...- -...:(0Y-19 ' • sre: • • ,' -ea, -,1/4, ...`,4,10- ..er•A4',,,-e- .6431.",, -Tes• '7% .;:,64,41, :SID . AS• . 1.• . .. . • *IQ Vs*. ;: .. 0 . . ' ...,j 4, :yte.• , ''....fre: ,Fil . •:,' • .e,..,..:, .6. -e_t --6.:50- s '',•N' r- is. . 67:•,,,,';',.. :0: ~, ) -‘,,,,,,, ~. , .f*,;„-I' •t---"' ..e.:-!:-`:,Ite .., ...,. i, . k ..s' , ..,,i • ' P Ai• 1D ..)-;'''l*- t -..4 • 4g... ji . C., 494. '° ' . s . ."'..:M:irt•*, ... •.i it*. ;',..'1, ii,...4. ; , _,, ••.:' 's, . ...4,.._ p v„r • - .•-• irt ~. ' -,, *.,:.:'. . • ~., t•- --0. e,..4-; ,0 ' ,' 4F,PtAIk ,4p1,,..wir \ .4., .., ~:. •-i, ' . ..4 . * ) ..zili .. ~. .A..... "4 Mor I- ,4. ~ JA.. • . ",,, •,-•(,), , 1/4. . , ~,,, ' f., ,:-.! .1' 7 • - :i.:,-44,110t-o• , I. -. ~. .. ~,, ,_:,, tir• e ~, • ~,,,.....,... ~./..- , at ol't. -..,,, •,' A. ,-, i.m '— , ..... 1' `Frc ...x,,,.... -,....,,, • ..:....- 1..-0, ..4„.... ; '44:::ca,...• ...1— •, e 1„.., .zo teljC:* V. Itr r. • , ... ... • " .. \ , Piry ..- '• do,' toibt-_,,,,3...., ,„-, ,4. •:,,e.,._ lir-,--,,47,,,k \ .*.,,,..,,,„),-.,,, LI 'O4 it tyY . , • . el. Ild C -lb It. -..a.., , -, ..,„. • s' , 14Ci-0:'-`';`•."0, . ';vl4. i&J- -. - EIGHT. --tii .-..r.,": ' ,IOP..It):A. • v-- 48...'-7- .0* - 40 ID- Ai • - -c ,:s., . -..-, h ,i, ,• • r , •••••• -, - -47.4111, ' -•-. -.' ,'• --, A.V. ii.:- AA:. ' "1,41..- • • 4444,t,e; ;4, ; - ;44, ....;!..-, 7:' ii.V.wg , . . - ---...“ -

:BY APPOINTMENT. .-%At Affir& Fa. V.lrkV uLA 10,1

. , , .: . ... 1,1, • . ez, . „ :.: ~,', .. • , szs. . 4 i. 44. , 4 , ...., . ‘"g, , , ke.

Ma Sold everywhere 28. 9d., 4s COPY

ste 4ro, '

===== 0002601_19091113_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR PEACE.

The Christian Churcbes of Germavy and the United Kingdom held an interchange of visits in 1908 and 1909. The resolutions passed in London and Berlin are as follows:

===== 0002601_19091113_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
_l. RESOLUTION OF LONDON, IST JUNE, 1908.

"We as representatives of the. Christian Churches of Germany and of the United Kingdum, recognising bow greatly the world's peace depends upon the amicable relations between our two countries, appeal to all classes in both nations to promote, by their earnest endeavours, a mutual spirit of goodwill and friendship. Our nations are closely allied by tbe stock from which both peoples spring, by the kinship of our Soureigns, by our history, our long friendship, our wmutual indebtedness in Art Giterature and science, and above all by our common Christianity. We believe that the consciousness of these great traditions is deeply engraved in the hearts of our peoples, and that they endorse our conviction, that frank co-operation between us will do much to promote the coming of the Kingdom of Peace on earth and goodwill amour men." RESOLUTION OF BERLIN, 15TH, JUNE, 1909. _ . ,

"This meeting confirms wits great satisfaction 'the resolution of the Ist June, 1908, in the following words :—` We are one in, the earnest desire to do, every man of us, nll that in our power lies to strengthen more and more the Bond of Peace between our peoples. We are one in the sincere request to all our com- patriots to aid us in our endeavour, £0 that the, old voice of blood relationship may not call in vain, the old and the new voices of mighty spiritual influences and historical traditions may gain authority, and the eternal voice of the Gospel of Love may prove its sovereign power. Finally, we are one in the earnest prayer to the God of Peace that He will richly bless our work for His Name's sake and the coming of His Kingdom." Local Churches and peace organisations are asked to consider and pass the following resolution :---" Having considered the resolutions passed by the representatives of the Christian Churches assembled together in London on the Ist June, 1908, and in Berlin on the 15th June, 1909, we approve and endorse the expressions of good- will and friendship contained therein, and express our own earnest desire that the bond of peace between the two peoples may be preserved and strengthened."

===== 0002601_19091113_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
"BRITONS WILL BE SLAVES."

Dr. Clifford and the Veto of the

Lords.

Dr. Clifford has Addressed the following to the Press Association :

"The rejection of the London Elections Bill by the Lords is another indication that Britons will be slaves' as long as the veto of the Loids is allowed to exist. Therefore, tbe immediate duty of the friends of freedom and of progress is to abolish that veto. That is the alpha and omega of our freedom. That is the key to our national well-being. Members of the House of Commons are now giving—as one of them told me yesterday—ten or twelve nights to their con- stituencies. The duty to be urged with insistent enthusiasm is not merely the claims of the Budget; they are generally understood, and widely admitted; but the task to be undertaken is to prepare the con- stituencies for crippling the House of Lords by depriving it of its veto. Allow that House one veto against a measure sent up by the Commons ; but not a second. The Budget will pass if not at once, yet speedily. The next election should turn, not on that simply,but on the abolition of the veto.lnose who have taken part in London elections have seen the intoler- able wrongs inflicted on our fellow-citizens by the present arrangements. A man loses his vote by crossing Edgware-road from Paddington into Marylebone, or the other way about. He may be within fifty yards of his former abode, but his franchise is destroyed. Scotsmen and Manchester men compare Glasgow and Manchester with London, and ask why this gross injustice Is permitted to continue. Thousands of men are robbed of their voting power every year. Our Imperial masteas, the peers who bate freedom, know it, rejoice in it, and continue the robbery; and then they wonder why men detest them and wish their lordly House could be brought to the ground. The fact is they are determined to keep London dumb. Its acres are in their despotic grip. Its increasing wealth has filled their bursting coffers. They know they have not earned it. They are not quite sure they have a right to it, and they are afraid tl—it if London is permitted to speak at the polls it may demand a snrill fraction of their immense gains to pay the cost of the protection and defence of their property; and therefore they have slain this measure.

"But the London Elections Bill is only one of their victims. Where is the Plural Voting Bill? Slain by the Lords. What became of the Licensing Bill? Slain by the Lords. Where is the Education Slain by Lords. Who destroyed the Irish Land Bill? Again it is the Lords. Who stand in the way of the nation's advance •in sobriety, in justice, in freedom, and in social reform? The Lords. And the murderous weapon

===== 0002601_19091113_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
TENNYSON AND RELIGIOUS THOUGHT.

"The relation of Tennyson to the thought of his day" was the subject of the fourth of the series of University Extension Lectures delivered in the Assembly Room at the Conservative Club on Wednes- day evening by the Rev. W. L. Schroeder.. The lecturer devoted a large part of his discourse to Tennyson's religious views. He said that although Tennyson was bold in speculation at times, he was always reverent. He was not powerful in his handling of fundamental problems, but he always had regard for decency.. He told us to "beware of breaking up the soil of faith when you have no better seed to sow." The merely destructive aspect of the materialistic philosophy of the- 19th century appalled him. In an interesting comparison of Carlyle and Tennyson, the lecturer said 'Carlyle with his strenuous intellectnal language seemed at times the very antithesis of Tennyson. Carlyle with his dogmatic utterances, Tennyson with his mild honest doubt—he did not know that the two men could be compared, at least not ,to the dis- advantage of Carlyle. We felt at once with Carlyle that we were with a man who had a tremendous mind, great intellectual .power, keen insight into the heart of things, with the genius and artistic ability to make his knowledge live for us: Tennyson made us think attimes, because his poetry was full of suggestion, but he did not always convince us that he himself was a strong thinker, handling problems in a definite, straight and fundamental manner. Tennyson was not a philosopher primarily ; he was- not a system maker. He was priMarily a poet— a thoughtful poet.. He was in the strict sense a broad Churchman—a man with deep, liberal syntpathies with many phases of theology, a Man who. did not care for the kind of dogmatic . handling of \religioa which brought religion , into such disrepute. For .that aspect of his life and thought. many were pro- foundly thankful. • He (the lecturer) thought he was safe in saying that Tennyson was not a high Anglican

—that he-wa-s not a Catlolic in the mode-rn sense of the term but a Catholic in the truer and more general sense. There was always in Tennyson a strong hold of certain fundamental ideas but he held these rather by faith and not by virtue of intellectual strength. He believed that belief in the self conscious personality of God was necessary to the welfare of men and women. A mere rationalist in religion was a man some- what abhorrent to his mind and soul. Tennyson'a power was not so much in the realm of thought as in the realm of religious experience and the emotional soul. Against the doubts of materialism he could rise up and say "I feel that God is, and that is enough for me." He once said that the English view of God was as of an immeasurable clergyman—a kind of glorified parson—and also that some mistook the Devil for God. His creed he would not formulate. He ivould not state definitely at any time what he deeply and fundamentally believed, but at any one moment he would allow an emotional expression to serve for his poetry and consequently wO often found ourselves bewildered when we tried to understand what his idea of God and the relation of God and man was. To him free will was the one great fact upon which men might go; he regarded it as an act of self-lim;tation by the Infinite and yet a revela- tion of Himself. When we came to summarise Tennyson's relationship to the thought of his day, we found that his best work lay in the realm of the scientific imagination, that he embodied in his poetry the general conclusions of science. Right throughout his work he had the strong ethical appeal. He brought to bear on the problems of the day a strictly poetic and artistic mind. It was no great discredit that he failed to embody in his poetry a complete solution of the philosophic problems that had disturbed the world ever since time was. The only thing of which we complained was that he thought' it necessary to embody his mere mood, or to give his temporary fancy as if it were of real value, and he took no great. care to bring his later work into any kind of con- sistent, philosophic,poetic whole.

IiNCIZAAMMMtt

===== 0002601_19091113_art0080.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19091113_art0081.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Iliim

===== 0002601_19091113_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER 'Series OF WEEK-END NEWSPAPERS COMPRISES:-

THE WARRINGTON EXAMINER published every Saturday morning. The principal and the oldest weekly paper for War- rington, Stockton Heath, Penketh, Winwick, Padgate Lymm, &c., being one of the largest and best weekly papers in Lancashire and Cheshire. The district covered by this paper comprises a large trading- and agricultural tract in South Lancashire and Mid- Cheshire.

TEM RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning. It is the best weekly paper br Town and district, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. - - -

THE WIDNES EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning. Widnes contains the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. THE EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning. The largest local paper containing the news of Earlestown, Newton-le-Willows; Golbome, Haydock, Lowton. The district thus comprised is a most important part of the Lancashire coalfields. THE ST. HELENS EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning, circulating in St. Helens, Prescot, Parr, Sutton, Peasley Cross, &c.—the centre of the glass, chemical and watch trades of the Kingdom.

PREPAID AD'VERTISEMENTS. APARTMENTS WANTED.HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. ARTICLES FOUND.

MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. MISCELLANEOUS SALES.

One Three Six Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 16 ... 6d. ... is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. ... 3s. 9d. 24 ... Dd. ... is. 10d. ... 3s. Od. ... ss. Od. 32 ... is. Od. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. ... 7s. 6d. 40 ... is. 3d. ... 3s. id. ... ss. Od. ... Bs. 9d. 48 ... is. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6s. Od. ... 10s. Od.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
Domestic Servants, etc.

SERVANTS' REGISTRY OFFICE.—Miss JONES, 2, Frodsbam at. (near the Eastgate),Chester.

WANTED an Experienced GENERAL; references required.-25, MELLING RD., Southport. -

WANTED good GENERAL SERVANT.—AppIy Mrs. KEELING, 2, Bewsey rd., Warrington.

HOUSEMAIDS, Generals, Nurses, &c., seek Situa- tions.-Apply NlrsilumPners,High st.,Carnarvon. WANTED General SERVANT, strong, comfortable home.—Apply 101, RoSmcEATH RD., Urn3ston.

WWANTED, YOUNG GENERAL; three in family; v reference required.—LEE,los,Waterloo Cresent,

Halifax.

NITANiED t GENERAL about 18.—Apply. 73, GRAPPENHALL ROAD, Stockton Heath. Refer- • epee required.

- - WANTED, at once, a Young GENERAL (16-18) ; comfortable home.—Apply GREEN BANK, Dunham Massey.

wANTED, COOK-GENERAL, 4 in family, nurse- housemaid kept.—Mrs. PROCTOR, White House, Rawdon, Leeds.

WANTED, GENERAL (trustworthy) ; not under 20; two in family.—Apply,Mrs. JONES, Melrose, Ruff lane, Ormskirk.

NSTANTED, COOK-GENERAL, to wash. House- maid kept.—Mrs. PLATT, Trefriw, South Downs rd., Hale, Cheshire.

WANTED SERVANT, respectable; references.— HOLLAND, 101, Manchester rd., Chorlton-cum- Hardy, near Manchester.

ii-,‘TANTED, GENERAL. experienced and trust- worthy, in a small househoId.—HOUSEKEEPER, Bel Air, Lymm, Cheshire. IVANTED HOUSE-PARLOURMAID. tbree in family. Age about 20.— MRS. COLLINS, 8, Liverpool rd., Chester.

TTENTION !—Mrs. Payne has just commenced an Agency for Ladies' and Servants, at KETLEY BANK, Oakengate, Salop. VNANTED at once all classes of Superior MAIDS.— Mrs. WALTER HOWARD, SELECT REGISTRY, Wilmslow. Established 1901.

WANTED active GENERA.; references required; wages £l6.—Apply Mrs. RYAN, "Woodfield," Hall lane. Hilley, near Wigan. NIVAN.TED good GENERAL, also HOUSEMAID; V sisters preferred.—Address RATTERSBY, 58. Scarisbrick New rd., Southport.

WANTED, good GENERAL, one who can wash, good wages; small family.-55, RICHMOND GROVE W., High at., Manchester.

WANTED, GIRL, respectable, honest, as MAID; all duties; Comfortable home.—C A RTREF, Central avenue, Levenshulme, Manchester.

WANTED GENERAL (respectable), small family ; good home; references.—FOßßEST, 9, Devok- shire rd.. Chorlton-com-Hardy, Manchester.

WANTED, GENERAL SERVANT, experienced; able to cook; good references required.—Mrs. RUSSEL HALL, The Bank, Atherton. near Mancheste.

WANTED goad experienced GENERAL, age 20 to 23; must be used to children; no washing; references required.—Mrs. SMITH, The Limes, Orford.

NVANTED immediately superior GENERAL. No washing.—Apply eveninn 6-7 o'clock.— CECILENA, I, Uppington rd., Bankfleld rd., Liverpool.

WANTED, COOK-GENERALS, Housemaid- V V - Waitress (family two). Also superior Generals, RlB.22.—Mrs. CHADWICK, Newhank rd., Blackburn. MIDDLE-AGED WIDOW seeks a situation as -LV-1- WORKING HOUSEKEEPER to Widower and others.—Address R.M., North View, Penketh, War- rington.

WANTED. HOUSE-PARLOURMAID (experi- ence-I) : small family; man for boots, knives, ; good references indispensible ; wages £l6-218.— Mrs. JOHNSON, Red House, Penmsenmawr.

ROMILLY'S DOMESTIC BUREAtT, 13, Chapel- town rd., Leeds.—No booking fee. 130 Domestic Servants of all Classes awaiting situations in all parts United Kingdom, including Hotel Servants and Governesses. Mistresses, apply, and be honourably treated. Servants, apply for good situations. Stamps for replies.

LADIES secure good SERVANTS (Public or Private), and servants obtain reliable situations by communicating with Miss FAIRHURST (late Mrs. Locke,s High-Class Registry, 28, Moss lane Vest, Manchester. Stamp reply.

To be Let.

PENKETH.—COTTAGES, 2s. Bd., and 2s. 6d., per week 53, WASH LANE, good house with bath, h. and c. water, rent 7s. 6d. per week. 57, CATHERINE STREET, rent 4s. per week. BRIDGE-FOOT, Warrington, small 2-storey Works, with river frontage and good yard ; suit any trade. HALL NOOK LANE, Penketh, good semi-detached Residence: large garden ; sunny situation ; £4O. MARKET-GATE, Warrington. good Double Office, most central position in town ; good light ; £l6. SHOP, 67, WINWICK ROAD, Rent Bs. 6d. per week. Apply ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent, No.l Bank Street Warrington. Telsphone—No 55. 110 LET 17, FOLLY LANE.—Apply WooDs & SOY Solicitors, Horsemarket Street, Warrington.

MO LET.----GOOD HOUSE, Hopwood-street; 3 bed rooms; rent ss. 6d.—Apply WOODS AND SON, Solicitors, Horsemarket st.

TID LET, 35, Stafford rd., Wilderapool, 216 • and 32. Ellesmere rd., Stockton Heath, £22 108.— Apply 106, WILDRRSPOOL RD.

SHOP and HOUSE TO LET, No. 105, Corner Earl and Longford at.; suitable for any business ; house part roomy, with bath and modern conveniences; rent 10s. per week.—Apply, Owner W. FURNESS, Great Sankey.

TO LET excellent HOUSE,Wlitetleld rd., Stockton Heath ; two entertaining, four bedrooms, box- room, bath. separate w.c. ; good garden; moderate rent.—Apply J. HALLIWELL, Market st., Warrington.

TO LET, EASTGATE, Chapel lane, Sankey. This very desirable residence, close to Sankey C.L.C. Station, just vacated, containing two entertaining rooms, four bedrooms and bathroom. H. and C. through- out, with large garden in the rear.—For particulars apply to S. OWENS, Estate Agent, 66, Victoria rd., Widnes.

T& J. L. TU N STALL AND CO. • BEWSEY CHAMBERS, WARRINGTON.

ESTATE AGENTS AND VALUERS. HAVE TO LET : EXCELLENT FAMILY HOUSE in Bewsey-road. CHEAP COTTAGES off Manchester-road. SPLENDID FAMILY HOUSE; central; £2.5 p.a. HOUSES in Parker St., £l6 per annum. • FIRST-CLASS CORNER SHOP. in main at., £35 p.a.' TWO-STOREY BUILDING with Stable, in Penketh ; would suit bakehouse or laundry. HOUSES in Sankey Bridges, 3s. to ss. 6d. per week. LAND for building purposes. SPLENDID HOUSES in Latchford with bath, 7s. per week. EXCELLENT SEMI-DETACHED VILLA in Stockton Heath; bath; w.c. and good garden. EXCELLENT WORKSHOP in centre of town.

SEND ss. for 'Ever-ReadyFire Extinguisher'; buying Agents wanted.—M. RADFIELD, Bank, Chinley.

STYLISH Boots and Shoes by post, weekly payments. —Tow:ism:sD, Top Northfield rd., King's Norton.

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY-FIVE YEARS DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS _ _ _ _

HAVE been' universally admitted to be a Boon to Womankind. They are the best known Remedy or Anemia, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after, Meals, Loss of Appetite,. Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart, Debilityi Depression, Weakness, Irregularities and all Female Ailments. Boxes is. lid., 2s. 9d., 4s. 6d and 11r. (Sample sent free). Only address :-309 PORTOBELLO ROAD, NOTTING MLL, LONDON

A NOVELTY IN THE FISHING TRADE' THE RIBY CURING COMPANY will send' =page paid, 71b. package of selected cured fish, con- sisting of fillets, finneys, kippers, .to., for 29. 3d., 141 b. for 4s. 6d. Once supplied, always supplied.

DON'T FORGET THE RIBY CURING COMPANY.

RIBY STREET, GRIMSBY.

TELEPHONE: 312, RIISHOLHE.

A. HOLT, 55 Princess Rd., Mess Side, MANCHESTER.

TEET

TEETH EETH

TEET

HOURS: 10 TO 12; 2 TILL 8. SATURDAY 10 TILL 6. Over 20 years with late J H. Parkinson, City.

H, " %mimeo, letirreio T A =

===== 0002601_19091113_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
SMART and Useful Clothes for Day and Evening Wean—DRESS AGENCY, 20, Baker at., London.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
SAW BENCH,cuts 4kins.deepsos.,approval.-Partacios ENGINEERING CO., Ramsgate. Agents wanted.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
QUIT lenoth of Real Harris Tweed, seven yards, 245. —lllcharntss, Shaldon, Wellesley rd., Chiswick.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
EYES.—Bright,clear. Genuine cleanser. Post free, is.—EAGA, 112 A North View rd.. Hornsey.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
Apartments, Furnished Hous es, &c

===== 0002601_19091113_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
APAarMENTS.—Beatitifully situated, facing the sea. Board optional. Good motor garage and garden:-7, MARINE CRESCENT, Waterloo, nr Liverpool

===== 0002601_19091113_art0090.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Wanted.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0091.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
IMO

===== 0002601_19091113_art0092.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Education.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0093.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Money.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
STRAWBERRY-RASPBERRYS, remarkable hybrid, fruit next year. Dozen strong plants 2.5. 94.. ELLERSLIE, Asburst, Hants. _

101ULBS.-3 Hyacinths, 12 Crocus, 12 Snowdrops, 6 I, Tulips, 6 Iris, 6 Scillas, 6 Daffodils for is. 9d free.—CurcAs, 18, Great Homer st. Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
NATIONAL CHILDRENS HOME AND ORPHANAGE.

Entertainment at Padgate. In the Padgate Wesleyan Schoolroom on ThursdAY night a most enjoyable entertainment was held in aid of the above institution, arranged by the Padgate Branch of the Young Leaguers' Union. The programme took the form of a cinematograph exhibition of living pictures and was in the capable hands of Mr. William Parkinson of Warrington. Two action songs were effectively rendered by a number of young Leaguers', which had been admirably trained by Miss Clive Cladding. Mrs. James Bennett gave a brief survey of the excellent work being done by this progressive institu-7 tion, and during her remarks hoped that every encouragement would be given to the local workers. Limelight views of the various " Homes " in different. parts of Englant, were thrown on the sheet. A striking feature of the evening's programme wail the animated pictures depicting scenes of farm life 11 Canada, including ploughing by steam power, reaping and threshing on such a large scale, being almost inconceivable to the average English man's mind. The views portraying the Atlantic to Pacific Express crossing the Canadian Rockies were awe-inspiring. The train rushes along the deep momi- tain gorges, through vast tunnels, and round precipi- tous curves, the whole being illustrative of the marvellous strides made in railway construction. These films were obtained from the Canadian Pacific Railway Company, through the instrumentality of Mr. Leonarci Bennett, of King-street, Warrington, the local agent. Subjects of a humorous character were also greatlY appreciated. The attendance was highly satisfactory, the room being crowded, and the result was most encouraging.

The Proposed Abolition of School Fees. The Rev. W. Bracecamp writes as follows in St. Paul's Parish Magazine: The Vicar would like to draw the attention of the readers of our magazine t° the movement which has been started for the abolitico of school pence in our day schools. We are quit!: sure of this, that the majority of the parents who see° their children to our schools prefer to pay a little towards their education, rather than have anythieg on the cheap. If the school pence are abolished it spells ruin to a great many of our Church schools. At present three-fourths of them go to relieve the rates, and one-fourth is given to the managers t° help to keep the schools in proper repair. If they are given -up it means that Chutchpeople will have to pay more in rates, but will have to give extra if they wish (and we feel sure they do) to retain the schools in their possession as they are at the present moment. It is incomprehensible that Churchpeople should even suggest such a scheme, and we hope when the proper, time comes every Churchman will demand justice an° not be carried away with the cry, Free schools; free books; free breakfasts, and free everything. Where does independence come in ?" " PEVERIL " FIRE GRATES Still Unsurpassed, Inspection invited.—J. S. GARLAND, Kitchen Range and Stove Warehouse, 51 to 55, Bridge st., Warring- ton.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0096.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
jiiidh

===== 0002601_19091113_art0097.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Machinery etc.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
If " what everybody is THE NEW ASPECT saying must be true," OF THE there can no longer be STRUGGLE.; any doubt about the

fate of the Finance Bill. The Lords will reject it, not because the sluices which produce an inrush of "the wild men" will be opened, but because a motion for rejection will be made by the MARQUIS of LANSDOWNE, the Tory leader. That, we must admit, is a very strong,and, so far as we are concerned,an unexpected step. It has been most difficult to make oneself believe that even the House of Lords, the least reasonable Second Chamber in existAnee so far as we know ,could make such a plunge as this otherwise than as a herd of buffaloes goes over a preci- pice—that is, just because those who are behind, and know nothing of the danger, push on those who are in front. However, what now appears is that the Budget is not to be thrown out by a stampede, but by an orderly movement under the direction of the head of the herd. This is much the most satisfactory arrangement so far as the Liberal party and Liberal principles are concerned. The semi- official peers will not be able to shelter them- selves behind the representation that they were overcome by the untrained bands of the Peerage.

It is said that there is to be a declaration that the issues at stake are so serious that the Lords consider it inconsistent with their duty to pass the Finance Bill before the country has been consulted on the proposals of that measure. That is an imposture, of course. The Bill will not be thrown out on any such grOund, but because the landowners object to the land taxes and because the liquor interests, which have very powerful representatives in the House of Lords, are prepared to spend half a million of pounds stirling in opposition to the party which proposes to make "the Trade" pay a more reasonable proportion of the national taxation. Excluding the land taxes and the' licensing duties, the Budget, as it actually

stands, would be brought in by a Conserva- tive Government if a change of Administra- tion could be-effected to-morrow. So much

is admitted by Mr. BALFOUR. Men like Lord JOICEY have .ratted too soon. They are appalled by the super-tax and the revised death-duties. They should have waited to hear the leader of the Conservative party in

the House of Commons declare.that he does not object to the proposed income tax or the super-tax, or the revised death-duties. To act with so much haste is not merely to -throw a protest away; it is to make the protest ridiculous.

The Finance Bill will be throvk out on preposterous grounds, and the appeal to the country, as is already abundantly evident, will be made on false pretences. Tory 'candidates are to "talk unemployment." -There is at present less unemployment than -there was when the Conservatives were in power. But it has never been so well advertised. Capitalists are often accused of exploiting the working man. Some of them are at pres6nt 'exploiting him as an unemployed person. Apart from the great game of politics, they would be much more profitably engaged if -they were finding work for the unemployed. But if unemplojment is to be made a leading factor in the forthcoming elections, it will probably not be forgotten that the Tory Government passed an Unemployment Bill which had no funds behind it,and that one of the first tasks of the present Administra- tion was to give that measure some sort of reality and some power of usefulness. Another election cry is to be: "You must make the foreigner pay." As nobody has .ever devised any means by which the -foreigner can be made to pay, either in this country or any other, the electors should °surely ask for proofs and illustrations of this :silly dogma. We put the case simply and 'shortly. Is it on such a mass egregious representations as this, on the small addi- tional taxation placed on the liquor trade, that the country will take so appalling a 'step as to declare that the Lords may not only control its finance, but decree the death of a Parliament?

Like Oliver Twist, of - -

Dickens fame, the Infirmary is always asking for more. Warringtonians will not be able to recollect the time when this institution was not appealing for funds, Fortunately there is no discredit attached to the ever-recurring appeal. The Infirmary is •our leading public charity, its work is unceasing and invaluable, and if .we do not, each and all of us, realise our responsibility for its adequate maintenance, We shall some day be compelled to shoulder the burden -through the rates. Owing to recent exten- sions, and the demands of a growing popula- tion, the Infirmary needs an increased revenue of £1.300 a year. Some valuable •suggestions were made at a Board meeting .0n Monday, and there is every prospect of immediate practical help from the Working- lnen's Committee, the Corporation, and the Board of Guardians. But the main effort is demanded of the public. and the individual. Zir. W. Peter Rylands, chairman of the

THE INFIRMARY.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
,

N.,a4 ntr 4-_,44,47.1190V-11' ' -

Board, who has devoted a great deal of time and labour to the service of theF institution, emphasises the urgency of the appeal in another column, and we have great pleasure in doing what we can editorially to commend the scheme to our readers.

We congratulate THE MAYORALTY. Alderman Forshaw on his re-election to the office of Mayor for a second year. It has been the custom, for a considerable time past, to invite the Mayors of Warrington to serve a second year on completion of the first and we should not have liked to see an exception made in the case of Alderman Forshaw. The fact cannot be disguitsed that there has been friction in corporate circles on the ques- tion of the Mayoralty, but we feel convinced that the best interests of the town will be served by the peaceful procedure of Tuesday. The Mayor makes no claim to infallibility, and it is only reasonable and fair to conclude that those mistakes which he admits having made in the past were due, in the main, to an excess of zeal in the public service. His Worship, on the threshold of a new year,asks his fellow-members and towns- men to forget and forgive, and work with him in harmony for the good old town. We hope the appeal will not be disregarded. Little differences should be sunk, and every encouragement given to the occupier of the Mayoral chair to produce the best that is in him. There are many important and far-reaching schemes claiming the attention of the Council, and we hope that the ensuing twelve, months will prove to be not only a period of great progress, but one on which Mayor, Aldermen and Coun- cillors will all be able to look back with satisfaction.

The House of Lords DISFRANCHISEMENT have refused to pass a BY THE PEERS. measure to remove the disfranchisement, every year, of 40,000 London electors, and allow them to qualify by successive occupation as in Liverpool or Birmingham. It was expected; it is all part of a fatal policy which the Lords have adopted in recent years, so as to revise the Constitution that our old system of government by the representatives of the dominant political opinions in the country shall be destroyed, and instead of a two- party system, we are to be under the control of the Conservative Party whether they are in office or in opposition. It is no use for the electorate to return a majority to Parliament to remove the anomaly of denominational education quartered on the rates without public control; to introduce Temperance Reform or Housing Reform, or Small Holdings or Valuation in Scotland; or to abolish Plural Voting, or a .hundred other things which the electorate may desire. No use, that is, so long as the House of Lords possesses its present unrestricted right of veto. The Conservatives may be in the most insignificant minority in the House of Commons. They can still "thank heaven that there is a House of Lords." and snap their fingers at the demands of the people.

If we take a summary How THE BUDGET review of the results of DEBATES HAVE the Budget, we shall WOBICED OUT. then get something like this :—(1) The Leader of the Opposition has abandoned the claim that the Budget unfairly taxes capital and property as a whole. (2) He thus entirely casts away the suggestion that the Budget is 'Socialism.' (3) His sole objection to the principles of the Budget rests on the ground that it proposes to remedy the unfaiimess of two monopolies—land and liquor—paying far less than their share of taxation, and of vacant urban land escaping altogether. "No," says Mr. Balfour, "you must not turn to special forms of property which are under-taxed; you must clap on taxation te property all round." (4) He does not pretend that Tariff Reform would raise all the necessary revenue. And that (5) he has virtually given an assurance that rather than fail to meet national obligations, he might even adopt Mr. Lloyd-George's taxes.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
..,-.---, NOTES AND NOTIONS.

The Knutsford District Liberal Associa- tion are holding meetings every night in the constituency until the whole of the division is covered. "If work will do it," says Mr. Will Ford, the Liberal agent, "this seat will be retained." One of these meetings will be held at Stockton Heath, on Monday evening, the principal speakers announced being Mr. A. J. King, M.P., and Mr. A. A. Haworth, M.P. * * *

One of Warrington's standing grievances is the poisoning of the atmosphere in the Longford district by the Sanitary Depot, and we cannot see that it will' be consummate wisdom to plant a new elernentary school in the neighbourhood. A correspondent says that on Sunday morning the perfume was enough to kill Old Harry." What about young Harry if the Educational authorities condemn him to breathe these poisonous gasse for the best part of each day? * *

Congratulations to Sir W. J. Crossley Bart. M.P., who was among the recipients of the Royal birthday ,honours this week. The member for the Altrincham Division well-deserved the, signal recognition of his many great services to suffering humanity, the cause of temperance, and commercial industry 4 His elevation to a baronetcy was the source of much gratification throughout ,the constituency, and particularly in Lymm were Lady Crossley received a right royal welcome at a meeting of women Liberals on Monday evening. * * *

Schemes fraught with great possibilities for the future of Warrington will have to be undertaken in the near future by the Town Council, and with this object in view a Bill is to be promoted in Parliament. Some of the projects which it will probably be sought to include in the measure were foreshadowed at the Council meeting on Tuesday. Foremost, of course, comes the new Warrington Bridge and other questions in respect of which powers may be applied for are the develop- ment of Victoria Park and the completion of the widening of the main streets. The General Purposes Committee will meet on Tuesday next to decide what subjects shall be included in the Bill. * 4, *

The editor of the "Holy Trinity Magazine" has been letting himself go in the sort of political tirade which brings clergymen into disrepute. Before criticising temperance reform in the carping spirit of which he is guilty in the extract quoted in our corres- pondence column, this gentleman had better prove himself a qualified critic. The temperance cause owes little in Warrington to his help, and temperance workers have not-forgotten how he and his brethren of the cloth were found wanting when such leaders of their own church as the Bishop of Liver- pool and Canon Hicks stood up manfully for the Licensing Bill. Local clergy underwent a humiliation on that occasion which they

had far better refrain from recalling to the public recollection. * * * There is a little unconscious irony in the letter on page 12 from the Warrington Women's Suffrage Society deprecating the use of violence in political propaganda, for after condemning the acid- throwing,iwindow- smashing suffragettes the suffragists "pro- test most earnestly against the manner in which the suffrage agitation has been handled by the responsible Government." It is all a question of how far earnestness of protest carries one. . .

* * * Local churches, chapels and peace organisa- tions are invited to pass a resolution endorsing the views expressed by the Aritish and German representatives of the Christian churches who exchanged visits in 1908 and 1909 for the purpose of discussing the further- ance of international peace. The text of the resolutions passed in Berlin and London will be found on another page. It seems to us that there is much more to be said for this method of promoting peace than in the acceptance of the false doctrine that the best security for peace is to be prepared for war. We want a nation of ambassadors, thinkers, and reformers and not a nation in arms. * * *

Sir Robertson Nicoll, as we must now call him, has an admitted claim to general gratitude in his discovery of Mr. J. M. Barrie. Mr. Barrie had been writing for a good many years as a journalist before Dr. Nicoll was struck by the quality of an anonymous article; and, getting into com- munication with the writer, gave him the opportunity of writing a weekly signed article under a pen-name. .In due course -he published serially the earlier of the books which made Mr. Barrie famous. Essayist, biographer, journalist, literary critic, and all-round man of letters, Dr. Robertson Nicoll is the keeper of the literary conscience of Nonconformity. As a politician he wields his pen as vigorously and as effectively as he does upon the vexed aspects of religion, and a great section of Nonconformity look to him for guidance. Dr. Robertson Nicoll is, in short, the soundest exponent of Noncon- formist thought in the literary and political fields.

October was the best mqnth of the year in the total of fovign trade, although the exports are rather less than they were in July. Moreover, the character of the trade done is satisfactory to us as a manufacturing nation, for practically the whole improve- ment in exports is in manufactured goods, while the main increase in imports is in raw materials. The comparison is: Imports. Exerts. Food drink and

tobacco Raw materials Manufactures Here we see working out under Free Trade precisely the conditions which, we are assured, Tariff Reform would bring about. On the ten months we are well ahead of the similar period of 1908 as regards imports, but are some ' seven and a half millions behind in the matter of exports. We can scarcely hope (says the Westminster Gazette ") to make that deficiency up in two months, but the quantity of raw materials now coming in gives promise of great manu- facturing activity next year. ** * .

That extremely intelligent and practical 'organ of the leather trade, the "Shoe and Leather Record," has some useful things to say about the calculated pessimism which Tariff Reformers apply to one industry after another for electioneering purposes. The organ of the trade denies indignantly that the leather trade of the country is dying, and it justifies the indignation by the following definite statements: •

"Speaking broadly," says the "Shoe and Leather Record," "English sole, harness, and belting leather is still the best in the world, and home production is increasing largely. it is exported all over the world, both as leather and in the form of boots and shoes, saddlery and harness and machine belting. And this in spite of the heavy tariffs imposed against it, both by our own Colonies and foreign Governments. Surely a trade in this excellent position ought not t 3 he subjected to the slanderous attacks of politicians anxious only for votes in a constitu- ency where the industry happens to have changed its character through local conditions with which foreign competition has nothing whatever to do." Now that Mr. Dumphreys sits for Ber- inondsey, those who trotted the "ruined industry" bogey round the constituency will probably ignore the refutation.

* * * The Chief Conservative Whip (Sir Alexander Acland-Hood, M.P.) addrsssed his constituents at Williton on Octobet 27th. The following passage appears in the report of the meeting in the "West Somerset Free }less" of October 30th : "Mn. S. CHIDGEY : I should like to ask if the • present price of bread is owing to the Government. • Since the Government has been in the price has gone up. Is that owing to the Government ? " "SIR ALEXANDER HOOD: All I can say is— when I went out of office bread was 4W.; now it is 6d. I don't know why it has gone up." Question—ls a hot 'and impromptu " lie " any better than the "frigid and calculated' variety? And will Mr. Balfour, our new Political Censor denounce his Chief Whip's calculated ignorance, obviously designed to fasten upon the Government responsibility for the increased price of,bread ?

In view of the prospective rejection by the House. of Lords of the Finance Bill we should like to put a few questions for the considera- tion of the Conservative party. The first question we will ask is : Is it true that Mr. Arthur Balfour, who is now such a Dassionate advocate of Old-Age Pensions, himself abstained from voting on the second and third reading of the Old-Age Pensions Act? The second is: Is it true that the Unionist rank and file, who now talk as if they had passed Old-Age Pensions themselves in the face of Radical hostility, voted thus on the third reading (July 9th, 1908) : Against . 11 For the bill Abstained

The third is : Is it true that the House of Lords, now the chief interpreter of the mind of the Uhionist Party, carried by 77 to 45 an amendment, moved by Lord Cromer, limiting the Old-age Pensions Bill to seven years, so that if the House of Lords had had their way the bill would have expired on December 31st, 1915? Is it true that that amendment was only not supported by the Tories in the Commons because it was ruled out by the Speaker ,on the point of privilege? Lastly, is it true that Lord St. Aldwyn, one of the oldest props of the Tory Party, moved and carried in the House of Lords an amendment that would, if it had been accepted, have condemned,—by omitting the time-limit to the disqualification—all the poor old people who have ever accepted poor relief to perpetual exclusion from the pen- sioner?

It will be difficult for our friends the enemy to say "No !' to any of those ques- tions, for all of them are• drawn from the official records of the two Houses. Would it not, therefore, be better for them to stop shouting " Lies !" and to observe a decent

•

attitude of repentance on the Old-Age Pension question? _

FLOWERS AT WHOLESALE PRICES MARKET GARDENERS AND OTHERS

SUPPLIED. McDERMOTT, "Cheapest Man Alive." MARKET AND BRIDGE STREET.

Tea and Concert at Legh-street.

The quarterly tea and concert in connection with Legb-street Primitive Methodist Church was held on Thursday evening, and proved a great success in every way. The arrangements were on this occasion in the hands of the married ladiestof the church. A good number were present for tea, there being two sittings, Ito which the tables were removed and the concert proceeded with; the performers being all married ladies. The programme consisted largely of humorous items. Mr. J. Griffiths took the chair. The choruses "Johnny Sands" and " Good-night " were well ren- dered by all the ladies. The recitation "The model church" was given by Mrs. Mother (the oldest mem- ber of the church). At a certain point in this recitation the singing in the church was initiated in a realistic manner by singers in an adjoining room. Mrs. Green, a new member of the church, was highly successful in her songs "Abide with me" "The beautiful dream" and "Dear old home songs," for the latter of which she was encored. Mrs. Mills gave an aniusing recitation entitled "My old bonnett." Mrs. Cowap rendered the pathetic recitation Laddie " with 'feeling. The Lancashire sketches " Owd Billy Fates ke " and "Dick's courtship" rendered by Mrs. J. Nurse, provoked much merriment. The dialogue " Women's Rights " which was highly topical, proved very amusing and was well done in spite of the fact that two of the ladies had to imperson- ate males, one being a gouty old man and the other a policeman. The final item was a dialogue" Washing done here" and caused outbursts of laughter. In addition to the names already mentioned the following ladies took part: -Mesdames Atkinson, Ashworth, Bennett, Cook, Dutton, Dodd, Elwell, Homer, Landor, Parkes, Swales and Spruce. Miss Annie Titchett proved an able accompanist. A vote of thanks pro- posed hy Rev. 3. B. Buglass, and seconded by Mr. J- Gliffiths concluded an enjoyable evening.

"AIOSELEYS FOOD.—An ideal food for Infants. Soothing, comforting, easily digested and full of nourishment.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

Coming Events. The University Extension lectures on " Tennyson" will not be continued next week, but the week follow- ing,. the 24th inst. The annual Children's Ball in aid of the Warrington Infirmary will be held on January 4th, 1910. Under the auspices of the Warrington Church Society, the Rev.E. R. Ta.rbuck, Vicar of St. George's, Altrincham, and formerly of St. Paul's, Warrington, .will deliver a lecture entitled "Why I am a Churchman" in the Assembly Room at the Conserva- tive Club on Thurs-lay evening. The thirty-fourth anniversary of Bawsey-roai Wesleyan Chnrch will be celebrated 0-morrow (Sunday), when the preacher will be the Rev. W. Kingscote Greanland, editor of the "Young I!ifan." On Tuesday evening Mr. Graenland will deliver his popular lecture on " The reign of y mug men." A Liberal meeting will be held ia the Hall Cafe, Stockton Heath, on Monday evening, when the principal speakers will be Mr. 4.. A. Haworth, M.P. and Mr. A. J. King, M.P. A public lecture on "The Smoke Evil" will be delivered at the Adult School on Thursday evening next by Principal Graham, of Manchester. Councillor H. Roberts will preside. The annual d stribution of pria\es in connection with the Technical Institute and School of Art will take place at the Parr Mall on Tuesday evening next Alderman William Oulton, chairman of the Liverpool Education Committee, will be the speaker.

TABLE AND HANGING LAMPS, new now designs showing.—J. S. GARLAND, 51. to 55, Bridge at., Warrington.—Advt. Feeding of School Children. On our float page is an advertisement for tenders for the supply of bread, greengroceries, meat, etc., in connection with the provision of meals for school childien which is shortly to be resumed. Presentatfon to Mr. J. Howes, Jun.

At the Liberal Club last evening a presentation was made to Mr. J. Howes, jun., Liberal agent, in recognition of hits' recent mai riage. Councillor Wilkinson made the prasentation, which consisted of a handsome marble time piece, with the following inscription on • a silver plate :—" Presented to Mr. Joseph Howes by the members- of the Subscription Room, Liberal Club, on the occasion of his marriage, Oct. 1909."

MOSELEYS FOOD.—A most agreeable and acceptable food, stimulant and restorative for invalids and convalescents.—Advt.

Ragged School. The Finance Committee of the Warrington Ragged School Mission received a parcel of clothing from ihe South Lancashire Needlework G.tild for which they are very thankful. They also thank Mr. F. Harding for bread received.

The Rev. J. S. Hughes. The Rev. J. Hughes of Stockton Heath, and for many years minister of the Baptist Chapel, Hill Cliffe, has accepted the hearty call from Coventry, which he received three weeks ago. He will probably com- mence his ministry there at the end of December or early in the new year.

Wycliff Young People's Society. The weekly meeting of this society was held in the Metritirial Buildings on Monday evening, Mr. F. Buck presiding. Short papers were given hy the Misses Hawthorn and M. Swindells and Mr. A. G. Wallington. AsdisCussion took place at the close of each paper, the Majority of the members taking part in it.

MOSELEYS FOOD.—" Mads in a minute." Strongly recommended by the Medical Press and Medical men. Ask your doctor.—Advt. " Y " Branch B.W.T.A. - Th " " branch 8.y..T..1. held their usual meeting on Wednesday evening at Silver-street Girls' Club: Miss Ilawthprn wasp the speaker, and her bright and pleasing address left nothing to be desired. Miss.W. Lloyd-Jones and Miss BlackAock delighted the girls with songs. There was a very good attend- ance.

Mr. W. S. Woods. Mr. W. S. Woods, who was for many years organist at the Parish Church, gave one of the free lectuu es to the airls Secondary School under the Liverpool ,Cm:plration on Thursday evening at Aigburth Vale. There- was a crowded attendance and Mr. Woods' ]ecture on "How to Listen to Music," with musical illustrations, aroused much interest.

Warrington Women's Circle. Mrs. Jarman presided on Sunday. Mr 4. Letheren gave the address and Mi4s Kershaw sang " 0 re4t in the Lord" and "The gift." At the Young People's Society Mr. Perkins splke on 'The flowing tide," Mrs. Letheren took a,4 a subject "Poverty of spirit and the bright side of poverty" and nearly all present took some part in the meeting. Miss Waring on Monday night continued an interesting series of talks on the women of other countries. This week-end Miss Lucy Broad, white ribbon missionary, will visit the circle. Particulars are advertised. .

Warrington Cycling Club. This club opened its winter session with a whist drive and concert, held at the Patten Arms Hotel on Thursday evening. There were about 79 ladies and gentlemen present and the innovation wag a very successful one. The first part of the evening was confitrtd to a whist drive, , which was followed by an excellent concert. The concert party were Misses E. Taylor, J. Armstrong, and Messrs. J. H. Draper, Fred Fieldhouse, G. H. Smith and Cl. Anderton, who gave gems from the operas. The function wss one of the most enjoyable which the club has yet held and makes a goad send off to the list of the winter arrangements. "HERALD" KITCHEN RANGES save 50 per cent of fuel.—Agent J. S. GARLAND, Ironmonger, 51 to 55 Bridge st.,Warrington.—Advt. Whist Drive and Social.

Op Thursday evening a most successfml whist drive and social was given in Miss Spinks' school- room, :" Ferndale," Grappenhall. The party was largely attended by ladies and gentlemen from both Warrington - and Grappenhall. Mr. Fred J. Emson ably discharged the duties of M.C. and the prize winners were :—Ladies : Ist. Mrs. Goulden ; 2nd, Miss Shakeshaft. Gentlemen: Ist. Mr. Gaulter ; 2nd, Mr. W. Crompton. The creature comforts of the gathering received special attention at the hands of Mrs. F. Kerfoot and Mrs. W. Crompton, both of whom were warmly thanked at the close.

Musical Society's Concert. We would remind our readers that the fist: sub- scription concert of the season in connection with the Musical Society will be held in the Parr Hall, on Wednesday evening next, when Mendelssohn's " Elijah " will be performed. Special interest centres in this concert as Sir Charles Santley, the eminent baritone, will be the principal soloist. It is some years since Sir Charles appeared before a Warrington audience and a cordial welcome will await him. The other 'soloists will be : —SoprAno, Miss Emily Breare ; contralto, Miss. Maud Wright; tenor, Mr. Cynclais Gibbs. The following members of the society will also assist :—Miss Emily Taylor, Miss Jennie Armstrong, Messrs. J. H. Draper, J. W. Bibby, E. Pownall and Walter Ray. There will be the usual chorus and orchestra of 200 performers, under Mr. Frank H. Crosley's conductorship. Seats my be booked at Mr. R. H. Pearson's music warehouse, Bridge-street. A record success is assured, the book- ings already being phenomenal, The Thomas Morris Charity.

On Tuesday the annual disi-ribution of blankets and liarm clothing supplied from the funds of this charity took Pace at the office of Mr. Arthur Browne, solicitor, one of the trustee, of the charity. The late Mr. Thomas Morris left a fund, the interest of which provides blankets, &c., and the, only persons entitled theret are respectable old women of the borough not in receipt of parish relief. The number of blankets given away was 65, and the number of red flannel petticoats 31. The oldest recipient was a widow 91 years of age. The red flannel iptticoats were as usual supplied by Mrs. Joseph Harrison, of the Charity Investigation Society, and blankets - were supplied by Massrs. Pattison and Perkins, Sankey- street,and Mr. William Clegg, of Buttermarket-street. Through the kindness of thn Chief Constable and the members of the Police Athletic Club, a further seven applicants receive either blankets or warm clothing. The treasurer wishes publicly to acknowledge the kindness of the Chief Constable and the police.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
CHILDREN'S PARTY AT THE TOWN HALL.

A hundred merry children thronged the Town Hall on Thursday evening and a right royal time they had, for it was the occasion of the party given by the Mayor and Mayoress (Alderman and Mrs. Forshaw), to the boys and girls who were fortunate enough to receive medals and brooches on Empire Day and to the children of members of the Corporation. The function was inaugurated by Alderman Smethurst during his mayoralty and proved such a complete success that its annual repetition seems to be asEured. It will be recalled that the medals and brooches were presented by the Mayor on Empire Day to the scholars whose good conduct, according to the votes of their fellow-pupils, entitled them to the honour. For Thurs- day's party the entrance hall, Council Chamber and. committee room, had been most tastefully decorated with plants and flowers by Mr. R. Whitfield, the head gardner, and presented a bright and inviting appear- ance. The youthful guests were received by the Mayor and Mayoress, who were accompanied by Mr. W. B. Forshaw and the Misses Forshaw, and after they had been cordially welcomed games and dancing were engaged in with great zest. Mr. A. Starkey's band provided the music. An interesting feature was a conjuring entertainment by Mr. W. A. Lloyd. Refreshments were served, the catering being in the hands of Mr. and Mrs. Powis. Amongst those who- assisted the Mayor and Mayoress and family in making the evening a thoroughly enjoyable one for the children were: Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Smethurst, Mr. and Mrs. J. Moore Murray, Mr. and Mrs. R. B. Roberts, Mr. and Mrs. T. H. Spinks, Miss Haddock, Miss Henshall, Miss Lyon Whittle, Misses Roberts (Harleydene), Miss Burton, the Misses Smethurst, Misses Houghton, Miss Sankey (Church-street), Miss Sankey (Croft) and Miss Mehrten (a visitor from Australia). During the evening several members of the Council looked in, including Aldermen Smethurst and Burton, and Councillors Wilkinson, Singleton and Wilson.

The Mayoress was presented with a. bouquet of chrysanthemums by Miss Jane Timmins, one of the scholars of the Blue Coat school.

Before the guests separated, Master Tinniou pro- posed a vote of thanks to the Mayor and Mayoress for their kindness in giving the party, which all had enjoyed so much. The vote was passed with acclammation and the Mayor in acknowledging the compliment, said it was sufficient recompense to the Mayoress and himself if the children had enjoyed themselves, and judging by the way they had entered into the games they must have done so. He hoped next year he would be able to give a similar party. (Applause). Cheers were given for the Mayor and Mayoress and all the helpers, anti a happy gathering concluded.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
ROLLER SKATING.

THE EMPIRE RINK

This has been another week of special attractions at the above new and handsomely appointed rink. There was a crowded attendance on Tuesday evening when the final for the mile championship of Warrington was run. The four heat winners—all members of the Empire Hockey Club—were C. Baxter, J. Bowcock, W. Baxter, and Wadsworth. In the final W. Baxter gainad the lead in the second lap and main- tained it to the finish,winning an excellent race in the time of 3min. 43 2-ssec. C. Baxter had a fall in the second round and this enabled Wadsworth to come in Second. The winner received a magnificent gold medal, while the second man in was awarded a gold centre medal. The Empire Hockey Club have joined the Manchester and District League, which comprises many of the leading roller skating hockey clubs, and there is a prospect of some first-class games at the Empire in the near future The promise of the presence of Crosfields's Band and Mister Norman Kiddie, of Widnes, at the Empire Skating Rink on Thursday was a great attraction, as there were 400 skaters and about 600 spectators' Amongst the selections by the band was "The death of Nelson," which was very well received. Master Kiddie gave a fine exhibition and was presented with a gold medal with the Warrington Coat of Arms emblazened thereon and inscribed " Presented by the Directors of the Empire Skating Rink for exhibitions in graceful and fancy skating on the opening of the Empire Rink, October 12th, 1939." Alderman Smethurst made the presentation, and the winners of the Warrington and District Amateur Mile Championship (Mr, W. Baker and Mr. Wadsworth) were the recipients of a gold and gold centred medal respectively. There will be another special attraction next Thurs- day when balloon: and hoop races will be held.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
PAL.A.TINE RINK.

A. large .number of people attended the Palatine Rink on Thursday and were the spectators of a very exciting hockey match between Warrington Palatine and St. Helens, both of • whom up to Thursday had not been defeated. The teams were at full strength and the game was very fast. Roth teams showed considerable combination and although War- rington lacked the weight of their opponents they made up for it in dash and vigour.The home custodian H. Whittle proved a pillar of strength and stopped. some most difficult shots. Whittaker secured a goal for Palatine during the first half. Half time score: Warrington Palatine, one . goal; St. Helens, nil. Resuming, both teams settled down in determined fashion to win and the ball travelled rapidly over the floor. At this period the excitement was intense and Beard scored for St. Helens, making the teams level. However, a short time after Davies secured another goal for the home team and the result was : —War- rington Palatine, 2 goals; St. Helens, 1 goal.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
IS THE BUDGET SOCIALISM? Councillor Hawthorn Addresses the I.L.P.

"Is the Budget Socialism ?" was the subject of an interesting discussion at the I.L.P. Debating Class on Monday evening in the I.LP. rooms. Mr. E. Horrocks presided over a good attendance. - Councillor HAWTHORN opened the discussion by invitation, his contention in the course of an exhaustive resum4 of the Budget's proposals being that the Budget was not Socialism. He said that, tried by every test. there is nothing to prove that the Budget is a step in Socialism at all. It is not based on Socialistic principles. That is easily ascertained by asking a few questions from the Socialist's standpoint. Does the proposal to tax land values involve State ownership or control ,of land, capital or labour ?—No. Does it restrict competition ?—No. On the contrary, by making land cheaper and more accessible it will muitiply competitive opportunities. Does it interfere with freedom of contract?—Certainly not. With free or equal access to the storehouse of all wealth, bargaining, wnether between seller and buyer or between employer and workman, will be placed for the first time on a free basis. Lastly, does it neces- sitate the fixing of an artificial standard of values ?—No, again. The prices of commodities will still be regulated by the market, and the work- man's wage will be not that which a wages board may arbitrarily determine to be a living wage, but as a minimum' that which he can earn by working for himself. In conclusion, Councillor Hawthorn said: It is not so muCh the Budget itself but the vast potentialities which lie behind it in helping to solve some of the social problems of the day that appeal to every man and %omen of progressive thought. The Budget lights up many of the social evils of our generation and shows the path by which escape is possible. I believe it is a cause worth fighting for and there is a call for men who will be as brave and bold as the Cromwellian Ironsides. The opposition aroused by this modest instalment of reform is a foretaste of what will happen 'it hen the more drastic proposals of the Socialists are put forward for adoption. The forces are already gathering in battle array; the trumpet call will shortly be sounded, and it will rest with all lovers of progress to say whether they will grasp the occasion to improve our social conditions or fall back defeated into the social morass. Mr. R. PIERCE WILLIAMS maintained that the Budget was not comprehensive enough in its concep- tion of the regulation of social and industrial func- tions to be termed Socialism. It did not vitally effect the cause of our social disorder. Instead of funda- mentally dealing with our competitive system itself it sought only to mitigate some of its evils. On the other band, as it taxed socially created wealth for social purposes, it was Socialistic. Messrs. H. Wardman, Whiteley, Highley, Howliston, Spencer, Murby, Watson, Wilkinson, and Handles also took part in the discussion. A vote of thanks moved by Mr. W. 11113R13Y and seconde by Mr. W. WATSON, was accorded to Councilior Hawthorn.

HOCKEY. CHESHIRE " A " v. CUMBERLAND.

This match was played on the ground of tbe Stockton Heath club at Arpley on Saturday. Cumberland were easily outplayed, Cheshire winning by seven goals to nil. The winners displayed superior combination and their passing was crisper and neater than their opponents. Barnes scored four of the goals, Dale two n d Richardson one.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
. ,

WARRINGTON MALE VOICE CHOIR. Annual Concert.

The Warrington Male Voice Choir ia entitled to the gratitude of local music-lovers for arranging such a rich treat as was presented for their delectstion at the ninth annual concert held in the Parr Hall on Thurs- day evening. It is encouraging to find that the choir's consistent pursuit of high artistic ideals is evoking a ready response on the part of the t evnsoeople. With the exception of a few of the higher-priced seats the hall was filled in every part with an audience which was discriminating as well as warmly appreciative. That the choir% having a good educational influence cannot be gainsaid. The success of a concert entirely devoted to high-class music, and free from the inter- vention of the one-time indispensable humorist,is suffi- cient proof of that. The competitive movement,wholly commendable as a means to an end, is not allowed to absorb all the choir's interest and energies but musical culture for its own sake is the ultimate aim. Under the careful training of Mr. w. S. Nesbitt, the talented conductor of the famous Manchester Orpheus Choir, much progress has been made and Warrington has every reason to be proud of a choir which is capable of doing justice to intricate w irks by the great tnasters of song The compositions selected for Thursday's concert gave the choir plenty of scope to demonstrate the range of ite capabilities and whether in stirring martial pieces, which figured prominently in the programme, or in a quiet, ear haunting work like German's " 0 peaceful night," the members showed intelligent grasp of the composer's intention and sang with marked expression as well as accuracy. As was the case last year the m ,st ambitious item was Elgar's "The Reveille "—an intensely dramatic and powerful setting of Bret Harte's poem. Sir E. Elgar has certainly treated his subject on bold and unconventional lines but the effect is to present a thrilling and even wierd renregentation of the teamp of armed thousands and the insistent call of the drum. The inspiration of genius is unmistakably manifested in the work and, as vividly interpreted by the Warrington choir, it helil the audience spellbound. At the close there was a hearty encore which was responded to, with that whimsical and amusing p'ece " Franklyn's Daggs." Sullivan's "The Beleaguered," Walford Davies's 'Hymn before action," German's "0 peaceful night," and Schubert's "Fur beyond all Ken" were all given with refine- ment, the fine b ,dy of voices whicth Mr. Nesbitt has under his control, blending admirably. Mr. J. H. Foster is the choir's accompanist. The promoters of the concert showed commendable enterprise in securing the services of the famous Blackpool Glee and Madrigal Society, which has had the honour of singing before the Queen and other members of the Royal Family in London. Mr. Herbert Whittaker has brought his choir to a remark- able state of proficiency, and rarely have we seen an audience compelled to such rapt interest or moved to such delighted enthusiasm by choral singing as was the case on Thursday evening. The visitors' singiug was characterised by crispness bf attack and delicacy of expression ; in short they displayed a complete mastery of their highly diversified series of choruses and part songs, and no detail was overlooked. Tschaikowsky's imposing and devotional "Angels ever blessed," with its wealth of vocal colour, was interpreted in a dignified and inspiring manner. Elgar's beautiful " Weary wind of the west" aff rded a striking contrast in style, and the pianissimo passages were exquisitely done, the audience being so pleased theta repetition had to be conceded. Granville Bantock's brilliant and dramatic setting of William Blake's fameus lyric "The Tyger," was another notable item, in which the choir distinguished itself, and Bruch's joyous "Morning song of praise" was sung with such delightful freshness and fulness of tone that a recall was accorded and the choir responded with Mendelssohn'a "Dearture." The lady members of the society did themselves credit in three fine part songs "The Snow" (Elgar), "Summer wind" (McDowell) and "The Miller's Daughter" (Brahms), the rapturous and fanciful composition by McDowell being given with particularly pleasing effect. The visit of the Blackpool choir was a success in every respect and we hore it will not be the last time by any means that Warringtonians will be afforded the opportunity of bearing this splendidly trained body of vocalists. It is further to the credit of the Blackpool society that the vocal soloists at the concert —Miss Marion Bailey and Mr. William Walton—are both members of that organization: Miss Bailey is a mezzo-soprano with a sweet and flexible voice and her tasteful and sympathetic interpretations of "Ah ! my heart is weary (A. Goring Thomas), "All through the night," a 'traditional Welsh air, and " The little silver ring " (Chaminade), afforded great pleasure. Miss Bailey was encored and responded with "My treasure.' Mr. Walton's resonant bass voice was heard to dietinct advantage in four well-chosen item,' by Liza Lehmanns, MacDowell and M. V. White. He entered into the sdirit of the songs with the greatest zest and the stirring way in which he sang" King Charles" (White) gained a well-deserved encore. Miss Bailey and Mr. Walton were associated in a dainty, tuneful duet " Snowdrops " (Liza Lehmanns) which quite captivated the audience. Mr. James Richardson played violoncello solos by Heberlein end Lasserre, as well as a couple of his own compositions, with soulfulness and skill, his clever performance of Lasserre's "The spinning wheel," with its delicate touches, proving especially popular. Mr. A. Vivian Jackson, of Blackpool, accompanied all the soloists with excellent taste.

Mr. A. H. Crosfield, M.P.,-president of the Warring- ton choir, Mrs. Crosfield and other prominentitowns- people were present at the concert.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
BITONETCY FOR MR. W. J.

CROSSLEY, M. P.

Much satisfaction was felt in, the Altrincham Division on 'Tuesday when it was learned that among the King's birthday honours was a baronetcy for Mr. W. J. Crossley, the member for the Division. Sir William is the .second son of the late Major Francis Crossley and was born in 1844, at Glenburn, Dunmurry, Ireland. He was articled as an engineer with Sir W. G. Armstrong and Co. Elswick, in 1862, and started business in partnership with his late brother, Mr. F. W. Crossley, of Manchester in 1867. The firm , took up gas engine manufacture in 1869 and were the' founders in England of what has now become a great trade. Mr. Crossley was a director of the Manchester Ship Canal Company from the beginning until his retirement in 1906, and is a freeman of Manchester. He was elected for the Altrincham division in 1906, and is a member of the Royal Commission on Canals and Waterways. He has been for twenty-five years chairman of the Manchester Hospital for Consumption, he built a great part of the Hospital for Consump- tion at Bowdon, and he also built the Crossley Sanatorium, Delamere. e has always taken a great interest in the welfare of boys. He founded twenty- two years ago the Openshaw Lads' Club, and is chair- man of the Boys' and Girls Refuges, Strangeways. He is president of the Y.M.C.A. Manchester, and treasurer of the United Kingdom Alliance.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
SCOTTISH CONCERT AT THE

PARR HALL.

Local Scots were regaled with a feast of their national verse and melody at the Parr Hall on Monday evening, and to the mere Southerner also the occasion was not without interest. The CaledOnian Association is to be commended for arranging this pleasant annual re-union, and the fact that the proceeds are to he divided between the association's benevolent fund and the Warrington Infirmary should have ensured an even more generous measure of support than was accorded to Monday's concert. But while there was room for improvement. in this respect, a fairly laige audience attoned, to some extent for deficiency in numbers by the interest and appreciation with which it received the programme. EVery effort was made to conjure up that Scottish "atmosphere" so necevsary to the complete success of the affair. . On entering the hall we were greeted with the stirring strains of the pipes, played by a typical Scot in Highland cpstume. The decoration of the. platform was quite effective, the English and Scottish flags being crossed above a table which was draped with the Union Jack. Musically too there was much to inspire the Scotsman with memories of the homeland, but the strain of melancholy was too pronounced, and a -little more variety in the choice of items would have been acceptable. Of the artistes, chief interest centred in • the appearance of Mrs. Margaret Booth, the well-known local soprano, who has lately been studying in London, under the direction of eminent tutors, and has also figured with some success on the concert platform in Manchester as well as in the metropolis. She possesses a voice of exceptional power and sweetness and' her interpretations of several choice Scottish songs afforded much pleasure. Mrs.. Booth sang the pathetic " Flora Macdonald's lament" with feeling, and the quaint humour of "0 whistle and I'll come to you my lad" was also well realized. Miss Jennie Armstrong, who recently won laurels in local amateur operaTsang the ever-popular "Caller Herrin," with such delightful freshness as to call forth a hearty encore, to which she responded with "Ye banks and braes." Later she was heard to even better advantantage in that beautiful composition "My am n folk." Mr. J. Kerr Campbell makes artistic use of a tenor 'voice of excellent purity of tone, the tender sympathy which he infused into his rendering of "Mary o' Argyle " marking it as one of the most enjoyable items of the evening, and he. was enthusiastically recalled. Mr. G. Platt, the advertised baritone, was indisposed, and his place was taken by Mr. Harold Heslop who scored a success with the favourite song --indispensable at a Scottish gathet ing --" Annie Laurie." His interpretation of "The Trumpeter" was disappointing, for it lacked the necessary spirit and contrast. The voices of the four -vocalists blended nicely in the quartette" Scots wha .ha 6 with which the concert began. Mr. Theo. Crozier, a gifted young violinist who was so well received last year, made a welcome re-appearance and enhanced his reputation: Delicacy ard refinement of expression and brilliance of excution were the most prominent characteristics of his playing of selections by Wieniawski, McDowell and Schubert, and a fantasia of Scottish airs was given in a soulful and truly artistic style which roused the audience to .a high pitch of enthusiasm. Mr. Alex Chrystal is a

===== 0002601_19091113_art0109.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
rafr

===== 0002601_19091113_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
IS SURE TO BE WELL.

Who leads a good life is sure to live well" says the old monk in the well-known song. Had he said "Who takes Seigel's Syrup is sure to be well," tens of thousands of cured dyspeptics would have echoed his refrain. As a digestive tonic and stomachic remedy Mother Seigel's Syrup has no equal.

MOTHER SYI=?U

Thirty drops in a little water, taken daily after meals, stimulate the stomach and liver to healthy activity, and thus cleanse and keep the system free from impurities. It promotes the secretion of the digestive juices, assists digestion and makes food nourish you. Mr. Frank Rogers, of Parsonage Cottages, Catherington, near Horndean, Hants., says it cured him of severe Indigestion. He writes :—" I continued taking Mother Saigel's Syrup till I had used three bottles. Then, being quite free from pain and able to eat without fear, I took no more of it. Ever since, I have been as well as a man could be." Why not let it cure you?

ne 2/6 Bottle of Syrup coutpins three times as much as the I/Ii size.

Also in Tablet Form at 2/9.

'l/4N.\\ \ ,k 1., rlf i y.,''.l '.ix‘ .VI iA --,... ~,,, . \ \

Irtitits?

I 'I ,iJ

, c- o. (.1( ~, , , : 1 ; • al , ,213 \ :,, ,:, ;. 41 • (iv, ,•.. . • •• • ‘..,, : i , „ , I . ... 44‘ t% ,* ~ ... v , .s. . .4... , -t.... ',4 • y ~, ,p,......„..., ...,..... . \ , if,;#: 7...,....,,y..-O.L. '—. .. ~ • ~, •v",;.(i t .• • • ~,::1-• • 1 Ll' '‘)tr,,, 4 $ eV. , , - .f - • f ''.; ~04: .q.'...' '. . • .7 ' ,r,P, , ~ ' ...t• , ..,. . . / • J. 1 . , .:. . • ~ , , , . ":' : • I\, '1 -: ; : , 1 , , 0-: ' • . .;• ,r , . . , r .''' . ..'.. ..e ~ . .• i„... , , , ......1 .i ...*,,,i...-•• j • ...- 4- - -' ~ ~ '' '''' '' 4. •-•;7 ~.:;., . ,j• . ' - • , v.: ~, :• 1 ~ . '. . .. .. . . . • . . . . ' . . • . . , . • . . .. • . • . , , • • • • , • . ' , . . .. „ . • • .. .• .., - .. . .. , . . . • .. • amomummo . • .... . . , , , . . , ,

Ak.441" Asi\V ~NkkA k!' to) , Utf..itr S\\.

/ 9

Tfig-

WHO ES

-

.

I, I

===== 0002601_19091113_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
A 1 , _ . l t , Brea) Jk cV,t S ,' 4; 4 \I : 11 i _ Cur %A •

To say nothing of its deliciousness and food power, Quaker Oats is the most economical of foods. All grocers sell it. Almost everyone eats it—do you wonder?

Quaker Oats is easy to digest —and floes not over' i 4t tr.?. blood

Scottish humorist with original ideas and his jokes were keenly relished by his compatriots to whom •the strong northern " burr " was a delight. In a clever sketch "A Scotch proposal " he was assisted by Miss Scotland and .both took their parts in such a capable manner that the house was kept in great merriment. A word of praise is due to Mr. W. H. Payton, Mus. Bac., for his tasteful and unobtrusive pianoforte accompani- ments.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
FAMOUS BIOLOGISTS DEATH.

The Wesleyan Church as well 'as the scientific world, has suffered a loss by the death of Dr. Dallinger, the famous biologist and microscopist, who passed away at his home at Lee, at the age of 68 years. The Rev. William Henry Dallinger, D.Sc., D.C.L., L.L.D., F.R.S. was barn in Devonport, and entered the Wesleyan ministry when 20 years of age. He was appointed to Faversham, Cardiff, Bristol, and Liverpool circuits successively. He stayed 12 years in Liverpool; then became Principal of Wesley College, Sheffield. But it was as a man of science that Dr.Dallinger earned distinction. In 1870 he began a series of microscopical researches on the life histories of minute septic organisms which extended over ten years, awl to him is due the refutation of the theory of the spontaneous generation of life from the remains of dead organisms, which was so confidently propounded by certain scientific men. In conjunction with his friend Dr. Drysdale, Dr. Dellinger arranged for the taking of continuous observations; one relieving the other until every point in the life history of the organisms viewed under a most powerful ruihroscope had been recorded. It was clearly shown that they were evolved from spores or germs, as in the case of higber forms, and these germs were so retentive of life that they would grow in a temperature of 300 deg. Fahr. for 10 minutes, while the adults perished at 140 deg. Fahr. Dr. asllinger's discovery became the talk of the scientific world, and the Royal Society voted him a grant of £lOO for further researches. He lectured on the subject before the Royal Institution of and the University of Oxford, and in 1881 he went,at the request of the British Associa- tion, to Canada to attend the meetings of the association in that colony and to explain the nature and results of his researches.

In 1880 Dr. Dallinger was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society, and other honours were showered upon him in rapid succession. Dr. Dallinger continued to hold his appointment in the Wesleyan Church nntil 1888, when he resigned to devote himself to scientific research, though he afterwards frequently occupieu the pulpit. Dr. Dallinger had a wonderful laboratory. fitted up with every conceivable appliance to ass,st him in his minute reseirches—one instrument enabling him to cut objects I,oooth to the 2,000 th of an inch in thickness.

WEIGHING THE MAYOR AND CORPORATION. The usual ceremonies were observed at High Wycombe on the 9th inst., when Alderman Walter Birch was elected Mayor of the ancient Borough for the third time since 1900. He was duly presented with the silver stick and minatnre mace. After the administration of the'usual oaths, the Mayor and Corpor ttion were duly weighed on a personal weighing machine, kindly lent by Messrs. W. and T. Avery, Ltd, of London and Birmingham, in place of the old fashioned coal weigh- ing machine hither to used. Miss Dove,who was last year rejected as Lady Mayoress, was also among the number to be weighed. It might be mentioned that the Mayor, who is head of a large Chair-making Company, scaled 15 stone Bibs,

BRUTAL ASSAULT AND LENIENT SENTENCE. At the Borough Police Court on Monday, Michael O'Brien,a farm labourer,employed at Winstanley's Farm Stretton, and Harry Maloney, also a farm labourer, of Stretton, were charged with assaulting George Cann, a deaf and dumb young man, in Wilderspool-road, on Saturddy night. They pleaded guilty.—The Wet Constable stated that on Saturday afternoon the prosecutor was passing along Wilderspool-road, when he W 8 13 stopped by one of the prisoners who made an enquiry. They asked him for something and then without any provocation O'Brien struck him with his clenched fist on the back of the bead. Maloney struck him from the back, and then O'Brien took off his belt., and deliberately struck him with it.—Sarah Cann, mother of the prosecutor, said that on arriving home on the night in question her, son complained to her. He said he had been set upon by two men. Witness saw be bad two lumps on the back of his head. The left side of his face was also swollen. He complained very much that day.—The Chief Constable said that the prisoners asked prosecutor for a match, and being dent and dumb, he got out a piece of paper and pencil and asked them to write down what they wanted. It was an unwarranted assault. P.C. Campbell was in the vicinity and hearing cries of" Murder" went on the scene but prisoners had decamped. With the valuable help of the Cheshire Constabulary, he traced them to Stretton and there arrested them.—Both prisoners had nothing to say.—O'Brien was fined 20s. and costs or a months' imprisonment for using the belt and Maloney was fined 10s. and costs or 14 days. The money was paid.

min the -= •,x7rnvi.-

===== 0002601_19091113_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
; AK

Warrington Borough Court.

SATURDAY.—Before Messrs. J. W, Hayward (in the chair) R. T. Fairclougb, A. J. Jolley, T. Pemberton, and Dr. Joseph. THE BEGGING Ncfsascx.— William Houghton, residing at a lodging-house in Bank-street, was charged with begging in Bewsey-road that morning.—P.C. Hewitt said that at eight o'clock that morning he was on duty in Bewsey-road detailed off specially in com- pany with P.C. Berry in consequence of complaints received of people begging in that neighbourhood. NVitness saw prisoner stop Mr, James Dodds and ask him for money. Mr. Dodds gave him something and told him to go away or be would have the police on his track.—The Chief Constable stated that it cost Mr. Dodds from five to six shillings a week giving to these men. He described the begging as a regular nuisance. The case was adjourned for six weeks in the interests of prisoner who had beed a hard-working man, and as the Chief Constable said, "had come down in the world."

MONDAY.—Before the Mayor (chairman), Alderman Smethurst, Messrs. W. Robert's, T. Locker, W. Furness, H. Thornton and G. Pilling. .

ASLEEP IN A RAILWAY CA RRlAGE.—Griffiths and John Roberts, two brothers, of no settled abode were charged with being found sleeping in a railway carriage in Arpley Siding, without any visible means of subsist,. ence.—Detective Clark, of the L. and N.-W. Railway, said that morning he made an inspection of the carriage and found the two prisoners asleep. The compartment was in a state of considerable disorder. He brought them to the Police Station.—They were sentenced to one months imprisonment. DESTITUTE.—Margaret Thomas and Mary Robinson, two girls, were charged with wandering about without any means.—The Chief Constable said that when the girls were in the Police Station, one of them stated that her father was a curate in Liverpool. This state- ment was investigated and was found to be incorrect. It had been ascertained that both girls had escaped from from a hospital in Manchester, and the shawls they had on then belonged to the hospital. One girl had no parents at all and it was very desirable in the interests of society that tbey should be taken back to the hospital. The bench agreed to this course. FRlDAY.—Before Alderman Smethurst (chairman), Alderman James Evans, and Messrs. H. Thornton, W. Furness and Pilling. NEIGHBOURS QUARREL—Elizabeth Jones, of 539, Knutsford-road, was summoned by 'Mary' Appleton, a next door neighbour, for assault.—Mr. Steel appeared for defeudant,—Complainant sad she went out Ao a shop close by with a basket to buy some onions and potatoes. While out the defendant went up to her and asked her to put her child down. Complaiu4nt refused and made her way towards Abe house. Defendant got in complainant's gateway and refused to let her through. She then struck complainant while she had the child and the basket in her arms and took hold of her hair. She admitted to Mr:Steel that there had been bad blood between them and they had been throwing insultat one another. Sim admitted striking defendant with the basket but it was in self-defence. Mr. Steel said there had been bothers between two parties and it was a case which should not have been brought before the court..—The case was dismissed after evidence for the defence being heard. CARD PLAYERS CAUGHT.—Ernest Ashton, 23, Guardian-street, Albert Grayson, 21, Fletcher-street, Arthur Grayson, 16. Friory-street, Albert Starkey, Wash-lane and Joh.n9Wesley, 450, Knutsford-rcad, were charged with ttespassing on the L. and N.-W. Railway and exposing themselves to unnecessary danger.—Each pleaded guilty.—Detective Clarke said that he and Detective Hewitt went along the railway behind Fletcher's works and saw defendants playing cards.— Two of the defendants said they did not think they were trespassing as it was a siding.—The Bench on receiving a promise that the, offence would not by repeated fined defendants 3s. 6d. each.

THIIRSDAY.—Aefore Mesus. C. White (chairman), W. Roberts, J.Rymer Young,A. J. Jolley, R. T. Fairclongh and W.T. Williams. i

THEFT OF A. BICYCLE—Thomas Bennett, a stranger was charged with stealing a bicycle value £2 10s. the property of James Kearns.—The Chief Constable explained that the prisoner surrendered to the police at Barrow early in the week, it appeared that on November 10th, 1908, prosecutor was wheeling his machine in one of the streets of Warrington and meet- ing prisoner' handed it to him to take to prosecutor's house. Be however absconded with the bicycle and disposed of it at Swinton. In the meantime prisoner had been in the Army, and had been discharged with a bad character. The Chief Constahle asked fora remand in order to see if it were possible to recover the machine.—A remand was granted bra week.

THE BENEFIT OF THE DOUBT.—TIIOMAS Llewellyn and Mary Clark were charged with stealing or receiving from a house in Catherine-street, a ladies silver watch, value 6s. 6d.. the property of Mary Moody.—The Chief Constable said that the previous afternoon the male pri oner was locked up on a charge of drunkenness. From inquiries the police ascertained that he had been offering a watch for sale in several public-houses. At the Police Station he stated that the watch was given to him by the prisoner Mary Clark to be sold. On examining the watch the name of the owner was found scratched inside the case. The female prisoner on being arrested and asked to give an account of the watch, said that she found it at Sankey.—The owner of the watch said that it had been missing for about five weeks.— After some deliberation the Bench decided to give the pristmers the benefit of the doubt, and they wete dis- charged.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
Daresbury Petty Sessions.

On Tuesday before Messrs. W. Long (in the chair), H. Congreve, H. C. Border, and T. Baxter. UNHAPPY MARRIED LIFE.—John Kirby,Chester-road Warrington, a coachman, was charged with having deserted his wife, Amy Mary Kirby, on November sth. Mr. Browne appeared for the complainant, and stated that the case arose out of one which was adjourned from the last Court held at Stockton Heath, in which complainant summoned defendant's two daughters, and a cross-sumtnons was issued by them. It was on his (Mr. Browne's) urgent application and with the entire concurrence of the Bench that the case was adjourned to see if the conduct of the husband would alter in the ' meantime. Nothing whatever had been done. Com- plainant was defendant's second wife, he having married her on January 2nd, 1907. Defendant had two daughters both of whom were schoolmistresses. Defendant having had to remove from Greenbank Cottage, after being discharged by Miss Massy, another house was taken in the name of defendant's daughter. Defendant told complainant his daughter had taken a house in Chester-road and if she did not go with him there she could go where she liked. Complainant told him she would not live with his two daughters, and thereupon defendant offered her four shillings per week, which was absurd, as he had been earning 255. per week and had a house free at Miss Massy's. On Friday last a van came to defendant's door and took away the furni- ture, including Miss Kirby's wedding presents, and left Mrs. Kirby alone with her personal belongings in Greenbank Cottage. Complainant slept at her mother's house that night, but returned the next day and finding that the new tenants of the house would arrive she bad to clear out. The case was adjourned from the last time to see if the daughters would leave or else there shonld be a deed of separation between husband and wife. Nothing had been done in the meantime, and complainant had been/ treated with contempt by defendant's daughters.— Complainant corroborated and said that when left alone in the house she was without food. She would agree to defendant paving her Bs, per week but no less.— Defendant said he could not afford to pay Bs. per week at the time, lie only earned 245. per week when with Miss Massy, and ever since he had married complainant there had been a disturbance in the -house. He had never had such disagreeable conduct before, and com- plainant had stated that "she would give him no peace so long as the daughters were there." She had got defendant into debt and he had bad to put a notice in the papers about it. She also took in sewing and could earn 14s. or 15s. per week by her trade. He could not' afford to pay Bs. per week. Two or three shillings was the most he could afford.—The Bench ordered defend- ant to contribute 6s. per week to his wife's mainten- ance.—Mr. Brow.ue asked for advocate's fee, which was allowed.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
Buckley-Street P S A __ • . •

Mr. James Urrnston- presided at the monthly open meeting of the Buckley-street Society which was held on Sunday. Mr. B. Richardson (of Liverpool) gave an address on " The fruits of the thoughts." Mr. Harry Nurse, a promising baritone, gave two solos in credit- able style. Miss M. Plinston was the accompanist. Bold-street Men's Bible Class.

There was a good attendance on Snnday last when the Rev. R. E. Letheren gave an address on St. Mark, whose Gospel, he said, shovied us how all our failures could be pieced together and helped us in the future. He also spoke of the comfort to be derived from the reading of this portion of the Scripture. Messrs. Dean end Julian took part in the meeting.

Wesley Guild Rally. The members of Wesley Guilds in the Warrington Circuit look forward every year to a particular week end, during which a guild rally is held. Another rally is in the dim future if this year's rally took place on Sunday and Monday last. This time the rally was held in Sankey Bridges Wesleyan Church and the Rev. H. Mudie-Draper (London),was the special preacher and lecturer. The service were well attended on Sunday and on Monday evening the chapel was crowded. It was really a flue sight to see as many as eight guilds gathered in one building under the chairmanship of Mr. .1. W. Hayward, J.P. Mr. W. E. Plinston (secretary of the guilds) submitted a report for the year which was a very satisfactory one, the total membership being 592. The secretary of each guild submitted a report which spoke well for the future of the respective guilds. The Rev. H. Mudie-Draper in a somewhat lengthy address which was illuminated with flashes of wit and humour, said that there had been no movement in the Methodist Church so far as he could gather than the career of the Wesley Guild, which had made such rapid strides during the 13 years of its existence. He com- pared Guild Rally's to marriage, which signified that they met together for mutual help, comfort and bless- ing. The greater part of his address was upon the need for enthusiasm and earnestness in Christian service. He said that the most powerful foe against tbem was the weakening of spiritual obligations. He was afraid that they had lost to some extent tbat kern) sense of the spiritual which distinguished their forefathers. Instead of going to the devotional meeting some went ricking. His advice to the young folks was to be care- ful in that particular line. Here he instanced a case in a certain town in which respectable young women had pawned their clothes in order to go rinking, They should not carry their , pleasure to an unholy extent. He did not mean that they had only just got to think about the other world. He did not think that there was any danger of that at this particular time, for he was rather atraid the danger was the other way—of becoming far too practicrl and disbelieving in those things which were spiritual. They had great facilitiesat the present moment which were competing with the Christian life, and that was secular education. He had nothing to nay against night schools, but secular educa- tion was not the most important thing even in life. It might be possible for them to spend so much time upon secular education that they would forget the spiritual education. Continuing, he said that there would be no topic which would be so keenly debated inside the Christian Church during the next 20 years as the social topic. .(Hear, hear.) They should all know something of the 'Social condition of their brothers and sisters. There were wrongs to be righted and justices to be done ; there was a whole kingdom of false political economy to overthrow, and Jesus Christ's political econoiny to he built up; there was a great weight of s.lfishness and greed to be lifted up from many people. What was needed to-day was a practical application of the simple gospel of ,the Lord Jesus Christ to the trial life and conditions of this country. (Applause.) They expected all their young people irrespective of creed or party, to have an intelligent knowledge of all the problems of the day and of their solution. At this point he told a story of a man who went to the steward of a ship and asked for a berth. The steward questioned him as to where he had been sleeping the three previous nights, to which he replied that he had been sleeping on the top of a sick man but he wair getting better and he would not let him con- tinue thus. Continuing the rev, gentleman saidthat England had had its sick man and be was getting better and he would not stand any longer someone sleeping on the top of him. (Applause). That was Jesus Christ's work. They had no right to lewe it to any mere politician to do. Those were questions which affected the coming of the kingdom of Christ. He asked how it was possible for people to live pure and good lives in some of the existing conditions that pre- vailed ; for they were not in harmony with moral laws. The conditions under which numbers of our people had to live to-day made it well-nigh impossible for them to accept the blessings of the Lord Jesus Christ. How were they were going to remedy all those evils ?\ It could only, be done because they had an intense faith in the Lard Jesus Christ ; because they loved Him with all their hearts and minds and souls and strength, They could not do those. things otherwise and what- ever else they did they should not let down their spiritual life. Concluding he enforced upon them the need of keeping their spiritual life strong, vigoious and noble.

On the proposition of the Rev. Thomas Gladding, seconded by the Rev. F. W. Kernick a hearty vote of thanks was passed to the Rev. H. Slundie-Draper. Mr. Hayward,trustee and the choir of Sankey Bridges were accorded a vote of thanks on the motion of Dr. Bennett and seconded by Mr. J. C. Holland.

i 11.1itaim -5G,, ,v;IIIIitt Ilhe 4

===== 0002601_19091113_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
Parish Church Sale of Work

A very successful sale in connection with the Parish Church was concluded on Saturday lost in the Fairfield schools. There was a large attendance, over which the Rector (the Rev. Canon Willis) presided. The Mayoress (Mrs. W. J. •Forshaw) performed the opening ceremony. The RECTOR said the two days sale hitd made £2oB— on the first day and £B7 the second day. (Applause). He wished to thank them once again and congratulate them upon such excellent results. He hoped they would make the third hundred pounds that day. (Applause.) He spoke the first d-ly about the church, the second day. about institutes and missions, and that lay he intended to speak about the schools. He wanted to go back for a moment or two. When he came to that parish more than twenty years ago he found that a very great deal had been done for the church. A sum of £15,000 had been raised and spent in one way or another by Mr. Queckett, and the more he looked at the church the more he saw what a noble work was done by Mr. Queckett. When,however, they went inside they knew that it was not completed, though its proportions were vei y noble and harmonious. (Applause.) When he came there he found that improvements had been necessary from time to time. They had spent since then £15,000 upon their schools. They considered the value of their schools and buildings alone at over £30,000. He 'could not imagine any sub- ject of greater importance at the present time than their day and their Sunday schools. Until lately they thought they were tbe most competent schools in War- rington, but they had been eclipsed by the two Council Schools—it was very easy to make magnificent buildings with other people's money. (Hear, hear and laughter.) Those schools were all very good and the education given there was excellent so far as it went. They bad done all they could for the body and for the mind, but he grieved to say that very little besides a good example was done for the soul and that ought to be with Christian people the great object. Some people seemed to think that the best thing was to keep religion out of the schools altogether. They as Churchmen did not agree with that. They wanted to give religious instruction of the very best kind possible. In addition to giving it their own schools they should have the right of entry into the Council schoels to give the religious instruction to those whose parents wished it. (Applause). They would be quite satisfied with that. They did net want to thrust upon anybody that which they did not want. Attacks had been made from time to time upon the day schools and at the present moment they were threatened with a very deadly blow, by taking away the fees which the parents willingly gave. Those fees formed a very considerable source of income, and they were bound to keep in repair their buildings. If they lost their fees it would be a very serious matter to them. He hoped the Council would prevent that, but supposing they went, their second line of defence was their Sunday schools. They had to make the Sunday schools everything they should be. Sunday schools never could be what the day schools could be. In the latter, five days in the week instruction was given by the trained teachers, while in Sunday schools there was only one hour on Sunday afternoon by untrained teachers. Diet showed that it was very important that their Sunday School teachers should be well taught, and that they should give the very best teaching possible in the faith of their Catholic church to their children. The Catholic faith was not learned in a day. It had taken him years and years to learn, and he did not know that he bad mastered it completely now, although he had been 40 years studying it. That -howed how much their teachers had to learn. He, therefore, hoped they would instruct themselves and then voluntarily offer themselves to do that work of the Church which, perhaps, could only be done by them. (Applause). He had great pleasure in asking the Mayoress to declare the sale open. The MAYORESS said she was very pleased to be there that day to do whatever she could in aid of the work of the parish. She was always pleased to help in anything that was for the good of the town, and she hoped they would realize more than they wanted. She had great pleasure in declaring the sale of work open. (Applause). Mr. CHARLES WHITE proposed a vote of thanks to the Mayoress, and said that the Mayor was a thoroughly good man in respect to public affairs. (Applause). Mr. F. G.TAYLOR in seconding said that there bad been a mistake made in the counting of the money on Friday and instead of being £B7, the proceeds had been YlOO ss. (Applause). This was a record for the second day and he hoped that they would be similarly

successful that day. (Applause). The resolution was carried with enthusiasm.

Toe MAYOR, in reply, said he had a very sincere affection for St. Elphin's Parish, first of all because he was born in the parish. He was also christened in it. His early training was reccived at the Parish Church Schools, and he was a Sunday School teacher. He was in the choir at the Parish Cnurch and he lived at the Rectory for six months after he had left the Bluecoat School, so that they could understand that he must have a very sincere regard and affection for the Parish Chutch. (Hear, hear.) It was a magnificent building, second to none in the kingdom. (Applause.) They had a splendid choir and an excellent Rector. (Applause.) The students of the Training College gave excellent dramatic performances on Friday and Saturday evening and on Saturday afterno on a sketch was contributed by Mr. Ainsworth and Miss Rhoda Lister-Kaye and was much enjoyed. The proceeds are as follow :—Thu rsday, £l2llls. 2d. Friday, £lOO ss. ; and Saturday, £94 is. 10d.; or a total of £315

===== 0002601_19091113_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe P.S.A. Society.

The usual meet ing was held on Sunday afternoon, when there was a fair attendance. Mr. Muir pccopied the ehrir and spoke a few well-chosen words on ‘• Am I my brother's keeper ? " Mr. James Ball was the speaker and he based his address on tbe words from a beautiful song" Save me from sinking down.' He said that in animal nature if it be not guided and trained ny skilled hands, the animals, which we love,wonld sink down and become degraded and wild. The same applied in the vegetable world. He now spoke of human nature, which, if it were not for the guiding influence of a Divine Power, greater than our own, would become degraded. No other power could save us from sinking downwards. Ile asked all to cling to the power of the Cross, through Christ Jesus, to continually ask God's help in all things and we should eventually become like our pattern of life, Jesus Christ. Mr. A. Healey, Mr. C. Cotton and Mr.W. Beswick also took part in the meeting. Mr. W. H. Payton. Mus. Bac., presided at the organ.

Baptist Church, Golborne-street on Sunday evening the Rev. R. E. Letheren made special reference to the forthcoming United Mission to be conducted by Mr. George Clarke in the Parr Hall. His subject was "The meaning of a mission" and be illustrated it by referring to some features in the story of the healing of the impotent folk at the Pool of Bethesda. If the people are not thronging the porches, he said, it is because so often and for so long a time together the pool is stagnant or with but the whisper of a breeze stirring the slightest ripple upon its surface, as if the angel's wing had but Skimmed it in its flight rather than moved it to its depths. The church that is not evangelistic is doomed to extinction. It is either an anomaly where the saints surfeit themselves with the good things Christ entrusted them with to dispense to others; or it is an abomination of desolation where only bats flit to and fro and the silence is broken only by the hooting of owls. A Mission is a'movement of the Spirit on the still waters of conventional chtirch life to save it from stagnancy and bring it back to its first duty. No life is free from a tendency to get into ruts and even a church may forget that the very reason of its existence is to win men for Jesus Christ; and a mission is there- , fore a reminder of our main responsibility. A Mission is also a test of Christian profession. Too many Christian people conceive of Christ merely as a Comforter and of religiop as a Sunday recreation. But religion is the link that binds us to God and the link is one of service not less than love. A man who realizes his indebtness to Jesus Christ for the best thing he has in time and for eternity must so far be in sympathy with the aim of a Mission. His attitude towards it is a test of the reality of his relationship with his Lord. A mission is an opportunity for service. The best preparation for it is personal invitation. That is a work of art of the highest order and many good people shrink from it. It is easier to find people to canvass a district for a Town Councillor than for Jesus Christ. The comfortable Church member sitting at ease in Zion asks to be excused. It costs something but it is worth all it costs. Your very interest in the man you are speaking to may be the main factor in his salvation. A :Mission is a sacred season packed with possibilities. Its influences spread in widening circles from the indi- vidual to the family, from the church to the community. Relating an incident that told how the prayer and service of one man had led to a great revival of religion in a certain town he said that the angel that had moved the waters was a stammering blacksmith. He heartily commended the Mission to the sympathy, the players and the service of Chrisiian people.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
HEALTH EXPERTS AT THE BOVRIL FACTORY.

Speech by Sir James Crichton-Browne

On Saturday the Earl of Arran, K.P., Sir James Crichton-Browne, M.D., F.R.5.7 and other Directors of the Company received about 300 members of the South- Eastern Section of the Sanitary Association at the Bovril Factory. Sir James Crichton-Browne delivered the following most interesting speech : ' "I am glad to be allowed to add a word of welcome to what Lord Arran has already said. You have come here to-day spontaneously, by your own desire, at your own suggestion, and you are particularly welcome guests to the Directors of Bovril, Limited, because' they know that you are fair and intelli- gent and discriminating critics. You are all food specialists. The examination of food is part of your daily duty, and you are therefore peculiarly capable of understanding and appreciating the various steps and processes in the manufacture of an article that has become an important element of food to the people of this country.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
A TEMPLE OF SANITATION

" I venture to think that these works which you have seen this afternoon are a temple of sanitation. Every- thing that is possible is done to secure purity and cleanliness. You have witnessed the evolution of Bovril throughout all its stages`of growth, and you have seen it clothed and decorated, that is to say, bottled and labelled and ready to be sent forth to all quarters of the globe. "I am not going to expatiate upon the scientific principals that underlie all the manipulations and methods you have seen here, nor am I going to enlarge upon physiological reasonableness of the resultant article Bovril, the Quintessence of beef, the epitome of a bovine volume. Ydu have witnessed that it is pre- pared with the most scrupulous care, and that every- thing is done to secure that it is of the very best quality. Bovril has chemists of its own in its laboratories, both 'nere and on the cattle estates, so that it is able to send out with every invoice a certifi- cate guaranteeing that the Bovil is up to standard and description. .There is an experimental analysis of Bovril carried on in the large scale by mankind at large, to which Bovril can now appeal, an analysis carried on, not in the chemical laboratories, but in the laboratory of the human stomach and body. In the mouths of millions the claims of Bovril are justified. Millions who have tasted and tried it to-day are satisfied that the flavour of Bovril excites the appetite; that Bovril is a powerful aid to digestion; that it stimulates the nerves without subsequent depression; that it relieves fatigue, and that ip is invaluable in the sick-room and during convalescence after sickness, it i not a philanthropic preparation. .It is a business preparation. If it invokes art and humour in spreading abroad a knowledge of its virtues, it makes no extravagant, no incorrect pretences: it holds out no promises that cannot be realized, but it is, as I have said, a genuine food, and rests its reputation on its merits." During the afternoon the visitors were conducted in parties ever the factory. Comments were heard on every hand as to the cleanliness and brightness of this veritable palace. The beautiful polished white tiles throughout the building, the clean concrete flowers, the plenteous supply af pure fresh air, and the abundance of light went far to explain the healthy appearance ,of the busy -factory hands.

IO one roam were seen no less than some ten to twelve million capsules, waiting to take their places upon full bottles of Bovril. The new Bovril Bonus Pictures were to be seen, among them "The King's Derby," specially painted for Bovril Ltd. by J. W. Hatherell, the well- known Academy painter. The splendidly equipped laboratories were next Inspected, where much interest was taken in the &Beate instruments and appliances with which the analytical work is done.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
VAST BOVRIL CATTLE ESTATES.

The concentrated beef materials were shown in the form in which they arrive direct from the factories of the vast Bovril estates, where the cattle are inspected by Government Inspectors, and the manufacture is carried out under the direction of the Company's own experts and chemists. In the Milling. Room, which was next visited, the most important of the many processes which Bovril undergoes in its manufacture was shown. Here was seen the preparation of the albumen and the fibrin, the feeding part of beef. Bovril contains this nutriment as well as merely the savoury watery extract of meat. This makes it superior to all extracts of meat and home-made beef-teas. The specially prepared albumen and fihrin are ground to the finest possible powder, and have to pass through a silk screen of 15,000 mdshes to the square inch. In this finely-divided state the albumen and fibrin in Bovril are easily assimilated by the most delicate digestion. It is interesting to note that during the whole pro- cess Bovril is never touched by hand. The visitors were much interested in some of the Company's other specialities, such as the Bovril Beef Essence, Kudos Cocoa, and Bovril Chocolate, and parti- cularly in " Invalid Bovril," a highly-concentrated, unseasoned preparations, specially prepared for hos- pitals and the sick-room. Special interest was also shown in the process and manufacture of " Virol," a food that has come into such special prominence in the treatment of consump- tion, arnemia, and all wasting diseases. Virol is used in 800 hospitals and sanatoria.

The visitors were much impressed by the photographs of the tine stock on the Bovril estates, and also by a large map, on which it was shown that novril Cattle Estates (over 9,000,000 acres) would cover a quarter of the whole country. if situated in England.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FORTHCOMING MISSION

Character Sketch of Mr. George Clarke.

Warrington is to have a visit from a very remark- able man, who will conduct a great town's mission in the Parr 'Hall, commencing on November 21st. It, will interest our readers to know. the kind of man. this world-fa_med evangelist is ; we have therefore taken from the "Men of our Day" series in " Tit-Bits" the following facts : Mr. Clarke is in many ways an ideal missioner. A. man of splendid physique. and of great culture. His sermons-- though he ,himself probably would object, to the word—ate an intellectual treat. It is character- istic of him, indeed, that he appeals to the intellect rather than the emotions. "Give me a man's brains, and I'll soon win his heart," is one of his favourite expressions. ' _

`-` I believe that religion is more a thing to live with than to die with," he says. "The man who tells me how I may obtain forgiveness of sin only supplies one of my wants in the far-off future; but the man who tells me how I may obtain power over my weak self supplies a greater and more pressing need in the present.

"For my own part, I find no difficnlty hi getting men to come and hear me. I attract them a good deal, perhaps, by speaking of my experiences as an athlete.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
GEORGE CL AR

My idea is that tr man who speaks to men should speak in their own language—' hit straight' as the 'saying is—and reach .their consciences through their brains, instead of. stirring up their emotion and mak- ing. them feel sentimental, which all men hate. Personally, I never mention punishment and what men call hell, nor do I say much about heaven." Nobody who does not know Mr. Clarke intimately would imagine that he has,knoWn phat it is to want for a good meal, nor would they, indeed, imagine him to be an evangelist. Dispensing altogether with clerical garb, he looks much more like a successful barrister than a preaeher, and his refined speech and scholarly appearance are suggestive of the Cambridge graduate rather than the mission preacher. His great success in business and his consequent independenqe, have no doubt contributed largely to this. It was not always so, however. Twentyrfive years ago, Mr. Clarke landed in America with fifty shillings in his ,pocket. With the spirit of indepen- dence'and self-reliance that has always,actuated he worked his way across the Atlantic On a liner. Accustomed tO the best hotels in England, he made his way to a fashionable hotel in New. York, and stayed till his financial thermometor reached' zero. Waking one morning to the consciousness that he wag penniless, and that at night a bill would be presented to him for-his day's board, the qtestion came, " What shall I do ?" Inquiring of someone staying in the hotel, it was . jokingly 'suggested, " Go and sweep snow." Out of his well-stocked boxes he took a coat, pawned it, and bought a broom and shovel. Politely touching his cap to the Irish" helps " who answered his ring, he asked. " Shall I sweep away the Snow?' In this way he made 3 dollars. That night the future evangelist added to his store by playing pool " the billiard room. Even in America money does not roll about the streets, and the rector's son oon grew tired a irregular employment. He went to . a big store and asked for a situation, "We haven't anything for you," said the manager. " Then I'll wait till you have," replied the applicant, sitting down and making himself at Nome./ Three days later, he was stilt sitting there, and the manager, admiring his per- sistency, offered him 6 dols. a week. He spent the 6 dols. in renting a top room in a boarding-house,where' he did his own washing, and persuaded a kind widow to iron his collars for him.

While in. America Mr, . Clarke heard Mr. Moody many times, and 'came under strong religioug influence, but it was not until his return to England that he resolved to devote his life to missions. Ile had come home to die, he thought, but his life wa4 spared, and his preaching was the outcome of a reso- lution made On what he regarded as his death-bed. • The first opening for work which presented itself .on his recovery was in connection with railway men - He was one of the pioneers of , railway missions, ard founded and edited the "Railway Signal," which 19 still flourishing. Mr. Clarke has a vivid recollection of his fio mission meeting--if it is not a paradox to call it se' It was in North London, and be had " billed " tr, place well. "If advertising would fill a places thought he, "the hall will be packed." The night came, and the young missioneri made his way to the hall. There he found his wife and six hundred chairs, but not a soul came! Since then he has held thousauds of meetings, and his ohief regret has been, not that there were" too many chairs, but that there were too few.

Asa preacher; Mr. Clarke is eloquent and interest- ing, and an incident at one of his meetings at Sivansel shows how well he can tell a story. He was describ- ing a blind man approaching a - cliff, the point \ wished to illustrate being as to which man is 13 greater danger—he who will not, or he who cannot see. Gradually the'preacher biought his blind Wall nparer the edge of the precipice, he himself stepPin,g nearer the edge of the platform as he talked. length the last point was reached, and another step would have hurled the blind man to the bottom of tile cliff. There was a deep silence, when a jumped up in the body of the hall and cried earnestly, "Good gracious! the man's over! woman

/ ~ . .. ... , ~ .4' . ' '',''''' '. . 3s. f :1- •- i , ... r ...;. ''''.: :; , • -,•,'.g"..';'' ''. • • -,. • . ~.. ''',..‹,#,=...,'' ^-41:•61:'.,'.. • . , , . . , it,•o-,5,..:1,..,•,:',3's ' '''' • , • -?'-'4.'.''' .• • '''' , ~. ' ''s;,-.- t.. ~4 ,• - * , - . . . , • MR...—, K E. —1

===== 0002601_19091113_art0123.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19091113_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
..N.,..e••••••,,r0/k,de ‘ 6" ,in \ ../.,""'.

• " -:.- -0;:. - - ____-- ... . :. • ..:: . . .'*: . • • •:- . • --. • •.' •:' v'''' :' •-.-.'.: - .• . • - • - • • , —•- • • -- - • • - - - -• • - • - • .. ....-. - .- • - • . • •:::::••••••-:-...-.... . , -i,. „ 41.,,,: ...;.: i:- ".::: :1 . . '',. ! :, , -1, I '-':::. • • --"-- s•-•'. :Vi.:: ,-.:.i., •> • :,,,,,- ':•:••:: ' • - : :: :,.:'::4- ::,:-1,:i*i::.•.:i,•;:i,:::: ~• • ••:.1.1. . . • • :..-::: : . ::.::::i..:E.•::-.' :•:.:14•5'1:4,:1ar•-•" • . • :•• ,•:. i:::•ligiii•: • '.../7''''••• .•• • ' • •-':.' s'-. ' • • . •'• • • ••••••••"''''''''''''''.',•:::::•:'*:•:,•*:*i*.,:::::3:i:::::::::::;x,:::,::*::?,•,,,,,,;.,... . •'..: :•:::.2.: '•:::: •• •*, • • ••-:•• .. :-..•:';',.,::';';':::-:::%:•-:.•:i...•.:::i,.::;iiiiMiii4i,..:g:WWVE::::ftgii::::::ami,,..,,i,,.,.4::;:,::,,..::::„..:: is: ,i..i „. ~...:::•::::i,i,i:ii:i:•::;•,,::.:,::..,..,:-•:::...j:.;::..:.•:::7:::•::::ri,::ai:aiMM:::<::mir.iiiMi::iigig;a:;:ii:,i,.:0:>::i,i:::::::*.:,:::*:•,,,,; : ~,,.;.:,:: ...:, :.,:.,.....: . ..::.. :. ~.. . ~,:m•:••:i;:-:ii.:*,,:.iiq,::•.,,:,:a::-:;:t::i:::•::',':•.::•i':••:"i*:•:::::•::::::::i.• *E?-!*,i;i::?::••:••:•:•:'•fi'i':i';';':::::::•:•:• ?*:''''''-:,.,:',:••• •-• '.••••• .'•••'.:•••:••••.'..• : • ••• '. • •••••,•,-:: '..,•:%-::::,,,,::::•...i:::*::::::..,:::::.x::*:*:,,,:,:*.::::*:i:••••::•:::•,•::.•.:::: ,s• :•:• ••::•,, •• •.... • -- - - W..:::,i:,:,::•:,•,::-n::-;::.:::,:,•,•.:::•• •:-::'••••,,: • :••• -• •• :. • • - ~ , • , . • • .. , • :::•*:•:.i‘k4;;&.il4.o;:aiiggiC.%4'X.• ••••,.:••.••::.''' :••:i•:•;:i;i:.::'i:*;•' 4e4.'ke•:•];•'; ••44ti:..,...:kt;t1:,....•:..i,i1LiiC.::„.:::,, : ••••:-,:,:::!,:*:t.,411.0"*.1* ..310.**::C1,41:3CR1 • . '•t:t.r•;:2;l4ti '..25'..:-`*.s!:•.4":'•:.Fiff4iftlp:„ . : ~:: : •..:..., ~:.. ..t,iyiii'.o-• ...:,.::...,N..p.,,frc:'...•:."4t,:::,:::,.:01 i'.7.,,',:‘'....:,.:,:7'....it'.:. :.- .i,-M.Z.10.:-.;;;4*-,ll7olo'.!:rn'e.::-----.7-7::::4:'-',. - 4,"'f'2.,,-.':::',:,:.'''.'." .7;.,r,,,..,,e''''5.:,.:•:',.; lc i 4e*r!„.'.',.tri:;ir.:.:.....-,:,'''',.'(- ... • 7:01,4.;:!:--:.:f4:10'.0,a,t, ,t.-9,4.4.r.AAi.„...;.:itigi....:,.... .--ft4.-,.;,-,...'...v.:9,..,,,,,,_ ~:,.,:4Ws. -... .i. 4 • f ,-IftW..., ;,,,,,i,..,_;:.:43.0.::•:•:,-z.;, ••:';N,5,...:-;?=.7.i•;:k: '72," jA,;(ios:,4-;,*, ..;?,',;:sl'... ,t5:11#0.,:jaf,',•:.U4:4,06,.?•.4.)0:***,':!!:.494,iikM__*. .14.(0.i.,:.. 'i': ~....,,,:;,,,5y.,.,-: '''V'':''',7l- :7:;;Z,.'-'4,:' . ti*;4,l,lotAll,'OPP;;.,.te-t,q' X' - '',11:4.i -:, '.- :1,:. ›,_•••334tor-::,:i...*'Hogt-0..,''.-Te • ile ::-4'.!::?..&.:_cr,,... • ... '..34.:' !.....:_.44-• ~ 4_ _,..!....,,E.ii_....:104:414.:* 4" ..tAzLE: - .'- ..,.: '''-4*.5ii.a..4',,:.:. 41f.m.§:,:4i,A:‘,., -:.,`' --.::.:11:.:;: .-.r::•• -'...;•:.'?,-:s.,':.gitif.vriktft-s'44-Av:4 I* jx,,,',.t.,..04....,,,i '.. 1144.:iiiiri**::4-i.:,pAr.,,,,,,,,,,. ~,,:*.. _._.,...- .• .., , ~..., . sv:•,:".k::::::.4.:::*:: ••*-31,,,,,,. ;.;,:i::'XI: ..4, "...We' -..! . , 3... • , ,0,,:." • :v.:: 14,4.:*:::::i,:.::.i:: , ..k: . •::.,:".t:;K:30,4::... -NMI:. . •,..*:ni, ',,: ' • ••,:."...,,ankt,..;:s4.._ ..;!..1,L.,:::,,,,5fi5:,,,,,,f:. .:{ .:2,.... . A-.:,.:.,-..Kr ..,,,:c; ..,1::wr , - li„, . :,..,,......,,,:vv,,,,,.. ~.,,,,. :,...„. vi,,,s. :,... -',,,,, :- ' --j .:-....- s', :. ~.....ir:,-.lk-?,lo:avv„,. ,A-t.,,,,,,,,,, ...gm, .....:,":47,,,::, 4,4.. ~,*•,...,..;,,•§:•: .. • . :.,...6,5,,,4,5p...:::1,,,....::::,,,-;..-:•.p., -...1.,.*:".. ••`n 1. • •••;':::_ Ati.:.:•: .'. ',.- .._,,,t.,•-... m....5,m5.......:ww....-,,,,,,,>1.... ....*:::,::,:b4iii...51:1.,,0i, .• ,-• :vt....4, • <•.,--...:,..v ••,,vwx., :.i.., ...,t.:.. . 0.:::••,..:10A.0,,,:::;:lri ''. ':,':...,:.. ...:.;,':• : • . •••• •"' At..4*C5:,,3,,,,' ,A4..4.V.1.:4 : 5,...* ''''...;i •:M.,,,," 4;.'s .fi..k)kt/ - 0nft*.,,5k,.,.,•;..i,:;;_,,4.,,i' .::,kO,. ~,'''..414,0.,a .;:,4:..,,,,;,. ~,:•::i::,.,,• .....-._ :.i,,:.,Mal:MteAl*: %i:'3:. IX. . . V.:' ••••t1.,;: ...'4•-• ; •V. • '•::• '.:';'n'VW'r?"'•"•;:i::•.:'<.:';- '"*V -•.••• '... .....• .• :' ..,.1::: .•* :I'. '•'• ','••1:• -..,*-:.•.::.7. ',:;.,:'. t,.7,:.1.';.5.,, ~,,,,*i::o;i4Mis..a." ''''t,&•,* •:i.':•AN.:4'.:'t;•ii . ....*V; 4.5;::::2.: ~....-6•;,,.:.;i,••:•,::$:•:•:&::••-,,,, ,_" :-.,.•.„...•,:•:::::: ~.-•-r.'7••••-: • :::Ln-:..--,.:<:.::.*::::•:U.1,Ef•:::3AT:4,4',,,q,4:4ii,,,....:, .:'•.!:: :0 ' ~,,..s ,:4...z .::. ~ .•-. - ..-.", : •••:•11,••:.:"..:::,- • ":: , :M:,::.:V;::::.;,,i..'7,?•:,,••••• -,::::', •-• ' • - - - ".....,;;;,..f,-.4:::1• •vrt.l.N.:-. ' ,:'.'• . • • •

===== 0002601_19091113_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
PAULHANS HEIGHT RECORD.

M. Paulhan has attained quite a number of triumphs since he came amongst us. His latest and greatest feat he accomplished at Sandown, where he rose to an altitude of 977 ieet above the ground, or 90 feet higher than the record esta'lished by his compatriot Rokier at Antwerp. There were over 12,000 people on the famous racecourse at the time, and the wonderful perfo:mance of the daring aviator was received with the utmost enthusiasm. At the highest point of his flight he was almost lost to view in the clouds.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
SENHOR WENCESLAU DE LIMA.

King Manuel on the occasion of his forth- coming visit to our shores will be accompinied by Senhor Wenc,slau de Lim.), the Portuguese Prime Minster, a portrait of whom is given above.

Princess Victoria Louise of Pruss7a, the Kaiser's only daughter, is now "grown-up." She has just been confirmed, a ceremony which in Germany marks a social az; wel as rt ligious step in life, for after confirmation the girl i-ecomes "grown-up" and coils up her hair.

• •-• ; , ••• . • ' :-/•• - , • .41, nv•:, , -• • jLi ' ur . •• • • "

KING MANUEL'S PREMIER.

, —.. . , . : . ~ .„.•.,..: :•, .. . .. '.: ~..::: : :...,,.... ..::: . . ',..:,.'...,...:;,...:gi•:',ii.:::•:::::i',&Wiia.V:i'AiiQii,i,:::;,''..c•:',,..:',.,.j.i.:;:,..,-.,. .::,:..';'!mi.i..5.::.:i".'4::M•.,:',..:',.'''•:;.':.71•14.4f.NR:;,,,;:...:.....::i...':.*,.4,:,., ... ' • **-15...'T.;zf.. '......, ,:.:-.- . z•-•...,,,t4k-N--:.: • --"?'--- x,i,:•—:"•-'.".""'""..."'"""""."-°.-14,,.,::: ,' -• • ^,),,i`.. , • •.• .. . `,...:?:::,.. ,• :::.:-;"%:.....:;;N.,,•;'..-•:-:".49. ••• ~ --.•-•,';:,'...,.. ~..... :. Ss.,-,...?...:.:, ‘,.--,..- ~,,,:.-.:.''Vt.i:44;-!...,,;. ':•:•::...*::::* '''•::::::,.7,!. '*.,::.-, • tsOleg‘>:4l4'::;s:',k-'s.,i,:i•:::: .:'''f,s:',:s.‘kw., ,•• :M*-,,,,„:-.'.,',4.--.1t.tt.541,,5,:;-:... ,-,:-.::,-;, .L,it,'4,ffi::i:.:4s.:,ii:g:.,, , . • .:::,: : :',.,,.**,,,* -.4.:+..,•,-,...: .5.m.;,4;',,••:4egii.,;..,kii.,,,v*::.::Aii • iiE,iMM : ::):: '..-'''''''"''''': •:1:1:,,`e-A4,' .. • ;.:... fe,-*.ct.:4:".„.:4,ff1i.,.'4.* ?.:.E.:i.::..'.':::.:-- . -•::•.-)::::.:;',,.:-jr,- tr ..Y4'..0).......i.15.„.•,,...,1. ',„. '•?•;,.-pi:k.i'•"....4.,:::::n04,.. •.,i*i,:- • - . ::'''''':-.4.::-:',.5.4'-ti•'•;',iii;::::.-::...:.•1";'0iW0'11:•%:''t0'..,:M.:,.. '.:-..:.'::::::;.:::44.4":444:**,.. 4.'4,-;.itik:'•:.....,i). ..:L,,n,VlP::''''''.:;.....'l . :: •--- - '•g•'''-4,**,. , •.',::: ''':::::i.':•'::',..:...:, :.•-.,t•••4,r.•:::':;M:':':::':?:';':::::..'.. '. . ;;;A... ~,t.•. x••••,?:..;,:f.;:9:,.. - \ .....;:iiiiiEi:isEßi:iiiilii,.i:i:;• : -"' ":'''''W.Zi,ii.,13,..."'.3,;.:Ni.:.-•,::: '''..:.;:iaiiMiMi.-:Egini::::•:. : ...........................;;;;:iiiiiii?i,';::'i"Liii'::i-:-:!:T.:.;',......7:,;.'.:!::::-;:'-;::i.:::::'il.i::i:::9• ,:%.:,-,..:i:%::i:::ig::::::::::•10;::::W;I:1::ig::!::::::;ie:i:1,:.$::1:::i:*::::i,:igt;;;;:':,::,;:-; :!.,,..`!...z...;'0.--4::::•......':V • :•,..,:,:,,...:::4,,,,:::.••::A:!::3:i.*:i:%::i:i::::ii:::',:f.:*.s.::- /- , 4::-.:',!•;:::, 2:::::::::::::::,.:*:E*,...i**•.::::i:::::-; ...:.':AgE,:*:**itiri:E::::;l:EtliEtE:;*::••••„...,::-.: - - .....1',..,:....:„.•-: • •••••4,...,..e:::*::::F*•:::::ic::ss?::3::i.k, ...,,,,,,::::::::::::::::::::::::,:::i*i,i:,, ,-.C; ~t;;: . -.,,,x,/ ;,74-.,..:;.::•....1Ni.:::k::;•::: .s*: - -:,':-....?:;i:ei.:::Ein2:::g::.,;Ai•ANiii..i.,.: . ..--, ' 7 . ' "iiii::iiiiiaal ~..:?:::::i*::::::::,:i::::::::::i::M;+ :::::::::44.i.:Ke:.*:,:i:i:.:::.,.., 7,,,' ~, ;••....;i:ill,xi:x:ri4.4 : os::::,::::-X.K,::ie:*iti,§Si:::::::;',.::.,::*,•9€::::::•:::::::::•::, '..' ..' '''''''.*".; ' ••s• • ...•••:•• ••-.•:•:,.,„ • ••,/ „' ~, •,..:: -:::::::::::::,:,: :i;gifillitiliKi•l; 1.-It?..'•4kii:4'::.':, ':,.': '..:. -...:..3:.:.:-.'.2.:-.1,11l 1 : : o!.'lgt.,:•lßEM.%i :::::!,: •:iii*"..;:glo,l' ilifW'';',U;:, : •:iV A........',...i.w.04„.„0111,,,:n.,::'•iii- .., 1 ~.1 40-(.:. r.:, ts;•4:-.K:. • •,,,:• :....::4,. :,:,„..;,-..:„.‘,,.,- . :::....:.;;:i. „,.:::::.:,;,.,:::„:::,,„,,,,,::.:, . • ~ ,::,• ~•,,,,,,,,, ~,:,,,,,,,,,,,,,, ~..,:. - .• •:•:.,- .„..,„.:,„,:...,,:,,:,,„„,„,,,,.. .; ..p::‘,,„.... ..................... ...

KAISER'S PRETTY DAUGHTER.

' •-• ~-..;1'.::::.; . 1- ~ ..:., .:,:;::::::,::KM.'i.;:.,.,,.. ': '• -14,',40X :-.. ..„....„„.:.::::„:,,,:,i,migM.:::,..;.::g:i;M:A::.•:,f,''',,,‘.,..11f; , e.',s,•::::Kzi4N.;';.: ::: •'..., I:''.. ':::. ,r, : ...---.,k• •,,,, •• sy ...,::::::,.....:1,,,,,:.:•... ..,::::,:::•:„.:.:•:.•••„:„..:.,::::::::•:.::,,,,,.:::,:x.,.::*„..: 4 ..k, : ..,,,,.., • ..... • • ~..v.,...,, . „,,,,,,,,wupi:ikii::,,n,::.:::,,,,,,,,,,,,.;,„„: .. iiwiii*, ---.:...:.:;,,'".-*''''':: :gmaiii,,,,moo.:;:,:9m.ki::::;.',. ~.,,,..-!.:,:&'.... ~,,•. :4.t.,.,...-.;',-..-.,-.,. t .1::::%:::•:.m...fi:ia:5-7,;(-Kv:::::,24.4::Pifr':.:Aerl::*,:f.. ".,:;;A:'::,1f:n.;,",....• ,:'.<•:%7FAc iiiiiimii:im:.,i*ii:.mm,,iiiiii:i•?.:-*ns.niii:Nioff..**-4:Femiiiiii:ilimi:::::•;4iA:=:::::::::::::. -3,. -:-.t0:..,.:: -.. .. ~,...1:: .. ..,•-4,<,.; i::;•:-•:.:3:..;::'sgo:vw::.K0::40:::,v,m}:gm:iLlf,.:,,, ...,:.,.. ..,::.:..:..:::„-.,.,::::,:>.:3:: ..:iiM::.,r.:::Ma:.:.:::.m:N.:Nwo.•Mg.:.:4fo.4§. •,Kial:Zß;M::iwww.::.".s.l.,.;l"::'.'::'.., ' :...;.•],''.. ..;31;1, ':.47' i:ii]Wi::"::::::iin,::,,:::':,,..]:i::iiei.-;A:::::iaiw.ii::.:iEi':::'.',%'''4:%-:l4;;Aii:'''..4g*A;i:.:giiiiii:::::':',-:'''''': .1":": ~.'. ::;,•:,;':•::','.-.:1•k:, , ' ;.;7''.A.S.f,tyi., 474. ..E;:::i:i:K:c:::::::::::i::::::ii:i:x:i:;i.peg:::i5.;i,•;,::ilii:::.,:i:?:0::li;:i%.,:?.:::::::,•:, ','" ',' ';' ~,, .m,N..,,,,,,,r,77, ,:;..,:..'..,5.4.,...,-,- •'.: '., ..' ~. ..;,:•,:....,,,, , 4,,E0,...%',....M;.. ,;''''':,:::':.:., ',',.%'• 4.0k.,,_, ' ~,',,,,,:•44.-4,-..'-',,,'. moskitokis,,,,,,,Pir,-eq:0:;--':).-C, ...,.,..,..,4.:i.::.;,.ftwiR4a,..,„:..:::Watw4,,. ~."...;-..-;,° i&jki.,.;.,.. '.'-.r.r.::::::..' ~:,,:.•,4.7.:...',..., <.;1%...•414,....,:0',':,i':i:,,ii:t 7: .:, .::?:-.. AZ::::".f.i::::.... ..'.'-'%,-;;filivi,.:,;;.::.-?: ..ik ..4:7:..,, MA. 4r, ..:::.:. -....5.-.-frx,,,, '14.0•:.:.ff.1',.,-•:...:•• UtiVW-4044.0,-,..‘i-.:,?'"?.. f%''..,,rr1ii4;..4.4.; ~..:.j...........,... . Af.-fir:.-$,..*-1.:,:, -::::...':. ..:. ::1: ;Y:,:i ;;:.•e:;-.?...4:7:04W-Raq1'.::?.....: , k'• VV.41',.n5%•,... :', .i::...?':::' :4:1 .s: I:'.-4Vitifk iii*:,.:'.....,-r 54.i.::.4-..:.Aftet,-.' .. - r:4:,4.44.-4 44,1-c...:44'.07,-...;1:::.'::,A..:.; f.d....::-:.:,:g,..-. :.:--- ..,:;',.,..40-400-I.o.gziAittk,:,., :74,11,r: , ‘...-ki.. '-'1:-.4":#67'.'•:2014.44- -0.:- .3..1. ''...:••:4-..;4V-..' -1 ..-1.,4r:Nhft.,..-....; , .-.;f214i%.- ::,...: w . Atic.:**,,:e- .?.#%Kv0,;,..-,,:: -.',....., , ,-,..: ,c.::,:.:,:.,:::. 3:,...,...,....<,=.:,:. :.:::,..,,,,. ,t.,., ~+.::: :.': •:, .ft , ,E,,,',.. . .-.,.: ...., ~ ...x..., •*,,::...t. , ...,:, ,4,-. • ',..kt. •-••• , :',,, ~,f.... ~,, ... ~........ ..,,,, :4 5,',, .„ 4. :I',l, 0f:!..4:..W..". ''''' . tekt,lP ';': V*.r.e2i .34 r;V:ti P','IV?:;•.N.::M.. f.4%lft:7l*;P.'c ::!.31C1,46.'1;V'' ...4....., 147 t . :i.:;'• 2:l.:tXt7;:f. Zt:•.‘;',"; :.I.:::ii;)•.:;:r.VA.P.:::.'4, 4";...:.'..-;,:::::.174,:r4,,.15,rf,:%,t,;:j..M;;;: ,1: .40,44,,,. ..-4.,,:air,..,*, 44f '' k ' ..:'' '• ' !''''' 1"."' 4.- - .:..?%'.4.';:?..441(t.t,:.,•:' ' ';it-k-, 04,W. 4,.4ttf,z,; ~,., .-,.1.,57;7-. .•,:;,-7-,,:-.4,anzat,',' 4:70,:r •,,,4,••qt.:*4.... -igw,:t,.r, '' ".:,-,,.-: .--,,.ing. ....fi.titi..siiiyksatoftwx...o:4,......g,g7mg.:o4:o.,:of*4-11,- • ,-;,•-- • -,..'"i•-,.&:-'7-,::. ihtl4.*WM,l*.:l6 '.. ''''-t‘-t: 'Z:4o.t..t.ftic•s*44,... ...t.,:'''' ..':',W.-0:42:414W'..-. `., - ".,...• ::,:,tiiV* teili' --- ' '' '--1 -..'''':: ..:4;%.1*'.5i,::.-- *-. tftl`§*.:•'4. 4,,,,C44*..A,.,,,i 1,..,:t ~.''''*, ,:e./.31;;t1::,;*..,-,'Ar:',:ir4o, 2.;',....:*. ' 5..:,',•:';•....;_,,::.i.,' `..."'...4‘.74.-".''...0'. :t''.'''', ~ --- ...4ii-- : ' r:„. T'''' ...PZ l'ig. ''..,, '1....1;'-k—;:y...` ' -.. ,4" :,..t't,'..; '.'"P...r..4.11-4,W ~.:,,-.3.-kt..t.'&7-,. tr;.:,..- 4.,,,„..:44,,NR: g,...,,4,.,_. .`..),*:..).• ~... ~,,,,,,t... ;,:.` . -,-;...*, -..t.....!,1,,,',.,'!-A74.1;,..' an' ~..IZA,:*"?4,t ,t- -fre.4- ..:::„.,:::,.::74-!__ !, .:4:i.33,t:N''...r4'rAi.•,t--7' :: •!2'; .;t:173•,, vi.or N.:4V "...`';‘ ': :g.4..14.4.51,;tift-j;Z:: 4::%?..5';17:' :Aitt;r:,..1.,.... :.•.;.7.,', -1t,49.4e'.:e.:,.::;e1::::',.::41*.#:-..; 4,:e7SWiLii,,, it..,:,,:v,,%:.ftum,:::%;pr-:,,:.,,.,,:;-,!,.,:,::::::,:.,:,,...,:,.:::::,,-:.,::t"..7,,..,..." . 2 ~:,,,,eiz4.7. ••••• ' x. 4•4,;,..:0;,:::.,',:"' ... :, -,:*"4,;4,c.r,,;:„.;:ge;;.i:ki:;,..'•,:::.••••:•• :•:.:.'..::,::,.•• • ,• -... . .. ~....:::,.:.:, ~,......A ' t . A, • ....,

===== 0002601_19091113_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
ENGLISH CRICKETERS FOR SOUTH AFRICA.

WRECKED NERVES and impaired Physical vigour.

A most Renfarkable Remedy is DR. CASSELL'S TABLETS.

(1 Are you a nervous wreck? (2) Are you sleeping badly? (3) Are you depressed and anxious? (4) is your appetite poor? (5) Do you feel low and run down? (6) Do you feel tired and heavy? (7) Do you lack vitality? (8) Do you lack physical strength? If you suffer from any of these symptoms or are in any way weak, thin, nervous, op debilitated, or suffer- ing from any form of physical and nerve exhaustion, a course of Dr. Cassell's Tablets will speedily and permanently i cure you. This great remedy of world- wide repute s pure, safe and reliable, and contains just what is necessary to restore worn out tissues of nerves and organs, and is the most remarkable bodylouilder and restorer of modern limes. Doctors scientists and the public generally are testifying to the extraordinary qualities of Dr. Cassell's Tablets, and it only remains for the sufferer to try them, and convince himself of their efficacy. Dr. Cassell's Tablets cost 100., ls. lid., and 2s. 9d, of all chemists.

The M.C.C. team set sail in the R.M.S. " Saxbn " on Saturday from Southampton for Cape Town. The combination is a particularly strong one, and although the names of some of the more famous amateurs are missing, the side selected should be able to improve °a the Test Match results of Mr. Warner's team. Mr. Leveson-Gower (Surrey) is captain, and he has with him Messrs. F. L. Fane, G. H. Simpson-Hayward, Captain Wynyard, C. Bird, and N. C. Tufnell ; the professionals being Hobbs, Strudwick, Woolley, Denton, Thompson, Rhodes' Blythe, and Buckenham. The players on our photograph, which was taken at Waterloo Station, are (reading from left to right)—Thompson, Buckenham, LevesonzGower, Tufnell, Woolley, Blythe, and Bird.

Funeral of Tom Gloyer.

The funeral took place in Leigh Cemetery, on Mon- day, of Torn Glover, the champion of the Lancashire and Cheshire Bowling Association. He was very popular, and the funeral was attended by bowlers from all parts of Lancashire and Cheshire. The cortege was headed by ten carriages containing deputations from bowling clubs, followed by over 70 members of the Leigh Railway Bowling Club. Behind came two open carriages containing floral tributes, and the hearse was followed by 14 carriages contain- ing mourners and friends. The Lancashire and Cheshire Bowling Association was represented by Mr. G. W. Coombs, deputy president: Mr. W. H. Hindley, treasurer; Mr. C. Smith, secretary ; Messrs. B. Fielding, A. Twiss and H. Royle vice-presidents.

Socialism is well in the air just now, and the object of the new volume of romance, "The Labourer's Daughter," by the Rev. H. T. Perfect, is to show that Socialism has arisen in a great measure from neglect in the exercise of Christian principle by many of our wealthier brethren, and that the only way to overcome the evil Is by the fuller exercise of such principles. It is issued to-day by The Walter Scott Publishing Co.? Ltd. ,

===== 0002601_19091113_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
, • „,---

PICTURES OF THE WEEK.

rWARMETTON CHAPTERS.

GLIMPSES OF BY-GONE STOCKTON HEATH.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
A Hundred Years Ago.

For our this week's delectation we will turn back the clock of time a hundred years and walk the village of Stockton Heath.

At the close of tlie Civil War a handful of thatched huts clustering round the ima, with open spreading heath on every side,composed the village. Two roads cut through the heath and unguarded by even a fence or a hedgerow crossed at the Mulberry Tree, for the Roman Road over the hill had been diverted to more level ground and had been long grown over by the grass and weeds. Beyond the addition of a few cottages there was little change for a century. Then in the sixties of the eighteenth century there was an awakening. The Duke of Bridgwater, aided by James Brindley, marked out their great waterway and Stockton Quay became a point of considerable importance.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PORT OF WARRINGTON.

By the terms of the Act of Parliament the Duke agreed to convey passengers and con- sented to run each day a special packet

Photo

Tonge

THE PACKET STAGE STEPS AT STOCKTON QUAY. How many thousands of people have passed over London Bridge all unaware of this interesting link with the days of a century ago?

-.. . -----, ----" . • •• ' ... __--- • .- - - - -- - . . _ -------*. • , --, ...-. ...--'-'.....-:"•-•.i':4--*Nt,.,,:s.••:'-,,,,,-.....,;„0,.?. • :. ' IL, - , ~ v.,..0;•.,,,,A zl/4.40„:1;.-- -.,-4..K-4.1.-444 , - 1 ~'=:, • . .. - ••• - , ...... - --- • ' •. , ... .... - • -•-- .:..... J. ~... ,:, ....... . ~................ . - s • .',.-...i: --. ~.:-..'.---.::--. -.' , ---:--..:-:.:.:.:,.::-.....,- :::!:15,....,.::.i..:,:.,:. ‘.,\:-.. - .---4...;...... .. .' , - ',.., .....:-..*.:. .:....:.;;:.:..'w..''',....,..::::'....;4.•::,..::;t,7..,,,,....,,:..:,...: . , : .-'. • . . . • ..,:.:,...,......k,:.TA.:.-7.4,-„,.... '..,...t,.. . -,:er.,::::..111:, ...'''e....::''' . . . -4,....m"' . ~. :-.....7.i.0.,,-.P..3n.,.,:r. --.-. • '''..,.:-.:.,:r.,-...- :;,,Ir.:*-..,-,'.,v,..:,..,.., . ~,,,,,,..,,,,,. •-..,.,,;. ~,..... -,...._ 4•• -. f, I, . . .-.... .. ~ .. ... . . f.,,,,,:.,,,,,--,A.,-..! ..,Z, - ,:: -. . ..- ~..:..."1 • 3.1 ....,--.::,:.•::,....,-,.iw, ~, .le,„, i . • .... ,-,z,.„,_,..-z...t: ~,j,,..-1,- :4:,.....4.--5,,f,',.<-4.\\ , ••::.:''4.'t,... :.-,•-• .• 'l.• . 4,.4.., v , ...-...,. : .'-z -:c.:4•?....-:!;...::;-..::::;:.'. • . ''....-.7..;--..` ;42..4::,..-s:'. .1 . - 1 , . 4'::;•:,5:g.,'.:Y.:'..: : , ..': ' ..'...''''•''''..on:...:- .. . . - ~',:•‘t.4g..--: -1-."4:itrt:. 1.y,:. .3. .. ~, --: :.1'.!"4-`• : '.., li,-,04,-,:::j..,tt,..;%., • ~..... .;:i.k•- : liz.Z• - -.3/4,4,:4_;,..c-..',;.-.. : ~•nt:10.4;..,.,'. y,. . s.:c-.---,..,,,,,, i 1 - --.....4,0-• ......,,,,..*,,,,..*N.ft..,.., ..4.4,-- , -74,.:€,,,, : • :,.., - -:-t-,-., - --. , ...,, . ........4,,_ _•......,-...,... e.--. ~.--.-,,,,,...--_,.... : .*-:...?,-.,,,, -..,,,..,: - ..;-.,,,,,,v .) ...1.;,...,'-, '. ..,'. . , ~... . ..-t:T. ~.:. .. . . -..,..tiv0.„...,,4%..,,,,...,....., ~,4,:... ..,......, 41, -.. • :-.-6,....,-4 , ....'s-,..--...- i , .1.,p..-4 •:, --', . cjtt,**,-,1- .. , 0w,.., . 4#';''7], ''''t .., '.',..'', s'', :::, —'7-4,i*.•:;,t'' - .''. '''''.--- —.<''''. ' ..' '''' -'.'; .... '''',44l;4o4.t.i:P' ' - ..'V,4l::,•:‘: '-''''':•''''''' .:. •••:::;''' ..5 ' - t..!,'t.,1....4 - , • . ''';'''3•'.':MA,,t' :',7.:.3,....':"—..."'•: •'' •• . ' ,A ~.... ~.: ' . ~/(40v. .::.....- ..- ..4,)-...., -.-:.... w: ,;•._,..,... ~. ~.., .'r`r.`,.:4,44,.,,,:t.'4=., 7,1:),. .- ; ~,,..'. ' -,:.2V....... --.. `.. ~. ,-,. 2. . ~... ......i. -.TY. `i...%.:.V,;.''.',!:,:43,%••i1i'N:,.'k1''''-'2,-,i',. `:..-';.: M,,,,304; • ...!., .. .....,:-..,,xitY4... --''...,-.,--;•*„..,- .-..rtf,..;izwY,,,--0-':-." 7..:::,...---...........i.:::,n - -7-°.- .. -'--.-- T. ..-:-.7 -'-...:.j.,.., ..,:-:'......-.-'---"::::'.... 5...,•.,:..e..**-,:,... ::..-:•...,....,-- 1-.:,,,.'-- ----'t..-.-:............P...7°..7.,---.-sf--..:.,.:i.'Z',.....:,„.:...:::%- ~....-..--t'.'-:-'4,'".-5';.-7....:`',........:'.«.. ..;,-„...-... ~.,. -.:•::3-7:::::.;;;:-.:.,:...;..e.';,..:.,...Z.5;t:-.N-k?-;.?........,4:'-.:."! , ~...':::i2-.!-;.f.,-.:4,....:.'i;,-„Zi,.1;•.!!..:-.,--. ..',..4. -, •.:7...],„4.'.....-..: - ..,.....:74f4,..*-44.-Mt..47.4,:ta4;..:',..',..:;.4.iiig1!Faikk ~......:.?.( .'.;:‘,4,',.,.';:.!..;,•:-'• .....7'..:—::'---',.' ' '"'V.!;:i.k: .::.-::<..;.F.#....:.:::',',.'.0.V.07*W..14:4't...;.::::;.1.--.:,0-'-:.44,i;i;;',,'-'.411.4.g1: 7 :.::...I.:' - .4..,'..i',-..:."...4ii°,ii_. '::...,...;.'"-..., ; ... -,,..i.....,;.:,..,,.,,,,V,F1'..3/4.-..'4.,-;t4-644:3*.W.,,i;:::,:;i4i.---''''-i.....,4"* '.!,,._..i..'A,.,:#.....,.. ..".4". ".. .:-.---:::" - . ..--,'.. - '''''''''"",''..4F•.*' e...„„,,,,A"r"ksiiiivaisitii • • .. ....., . .. . • • !sr.,'''..,l`.. '4,414.1v'..-.2',;...1'..:::' , ~. •ik,•!r,we;:•'..cr•-• :! :•:. •• .- •... •-'• • • .. - :t•:- ", ':'':ge&:TV4.4;Ets,/tkgos4r.'t2'•h.',l, •;,''7.7',,:'• • :112,11k4k-'#)•N?: •-.4 c..'. ''' .- ...'.7:- • . .. ''''' .... - -.. ..:7..".''''Th.-.l"'*''... e .•'-'. '..-.l'`,oar.,:4lZ.;',:i''':4.[ ..::,';''..- 1 -,-_-•-::.-.,...'.-ti:?5,16,',-,r,' ', ...j......-1:::,...'.--'s'-';.... ..',.n...,,,,,,,,...,-,e',.,.:,,, .........,...:..:,.:::,.......-: -.. -. ... - `-:;--...141.',0-t4A.--',..::!,i; 4,--:----cX .. -::-.x t-::-.> -'`i..,;...... :.:.- . ...,...T'.-....- .-:.• ....' -..--. -... ' . ........-,.:-t --:, ,git..,.. -----. '''''' ..<.-'..::. :-.:-•'.' - .- ' - ~,,.:,.,,,... ~,,,... ..;.:-.. ..-. -.-..:....: :. . ..... :-. . , ...-1:-.4.14.....,.4,:?-.. -- ...,..'. . ' - . it'..;' 4. - tX' '.'''''.';',\ N \...S\'-,.-.-- '. - ...... .. .`"' - ~.,... v:-... .. -, ,-',. -.'- - -

===== 0002601_19091113_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
drawn by trotting horse. Water travel became immediately popular and the Quay became the "Port of Warrington." Turning back a century we shall see the Quay in the years of its fullest glory. The "Flying Packet," painted in all the colours of the rainbow, is moored to the Quay and two glossy well-fed horses wait to trot the first stage of the journey to Manchester. A stage coach rolls up the road, the bugle-horn giving warning of its approach and the Warrington passengers with bags and boxes are transported to the packet. The horn blows a musical blast and amid the waving of handkerchiefs the towing rope tightens and the packet leaves the steps. Amusing to us, and only undertaken as a novelty, water travel was then the most popular of all and was adopted by the most distinguished

===== 0002601_19091113_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
SOUTHEY AT STOCKTON QUAY.

There came to the Quay in 1808 a distin- guished visitor, Southey,Poet Laureate. He was making a tour of England and wrote an account of it under the assumed Spanish name of" Don Manuel." The interest of the passage we are about to quote is not only in the famous man's description of the "Noah's Ark" that brought him to Warrington, but in the curiously prophetic passage about railways.

"We- embarked at lylanchester upon the canal in a stage boat bound for Chester. This was a new mode of travelling and a delightful one it proved. The shape of the machine resembled the common representa- tion of Noah's Ark, except that the roof is flatter, and is so made for the conveni- ence of passengers. Within this floating house are too compartments, seats in which are hired at different prices, the parlour and the kitchen. Two hoKses, harnessed one before the other tow it albng at the rate of a league an hour—the very pace at which it.is pleasant to keep, up with when walking on the bank. .Sometimes we stood or got upon the roof—till to our surprise we were called down to dinner, and found that as good a meal had been prepared in the back part of the boat while we were going on—as would have been supplied at an inn. We joined with a wish that the same kind of travelling were extended everywhere. No time was lost; kitchen and cellar travelled with us; the motion was imperceptible, we could neither be overturned nor run away with; if we sunk there was not depth of water to drown us; we could read as conveniently as in a house, or sleep quietly as in a bed." -

===== 0002601_19091113_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
SOUTHEY ON RAILWAYS.

"Excellent as these canals are,rail roads are found to accomplish the same purpose at less expense. In these the wheels of the carriages move in grooves upon iron bars laid all along the road. Where there is a descent no draught is required, and the laden wagons as they run down draw the empty ones up. These roads are always used in the neighbourhood of coal mines• and foundries. It has been recommended by speculative men that they should be universally introduced, and a hope held out that at some future time this will be done, and all carriages be drawn along by the action of steam engines erected at proper distances. If this be at present one of the dreams of philosophy, it is a philosophy by which trade and manufacturer would be benefited and money saved; and the dream, therefore, may probably one day be accom- plished." "The canal not extending to Chester, we were dismissed from the boat at London Bridge, Stockton Quay, near the town of Warrington,which was just distant enough to form a pleasing object through the interven- ing trees."

When Southey ascended the bridge he would find three coaches in waiting, for Chester, Liverpool and Manchester, for the "Boat Coaches" were a daily institution.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
WHY GO TO HOLLANDI

Water travel appealed to our great grand- fathers not only on account of its greater comfort but because of the charm of the inland water. Let us quote again: "What do you want to go to Holland for? What is there that you wish to see that you cannot see at home? Have you, my friend,maturely considered that you cannot arrive at the

"Think on those things my friend and stay at home. It is, believe me, a dangerous thing to travel, and when you have got as far as you can, you have all the trouble of coming back again."

===== 0002601_19091113_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
It is a country but half made—half land and half water—and only fit for the abode of frogs. True it is, a few human beings have an abode upon it by sufferance; but every Dutchman is obliged by nature to wear five pairs of inexpressibles, and to smoke pipes and drink schiedam I and you cannot do either.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
LINKS WITH THE PAST.

The Quay, the steps, the manager's house and sheds remain almost precisely as they were when Southey stepped ashore and we need only an effort of imagination to supply the gaily coloured boats and their passengers Some day we will tell the romantic story of. the making of this great waterway. By the Act of Parliament of a hundred and fifty years ago it Was stipulated that a passenger boat should ply daily along the course of the canal. It will come as a surprise to many of our readers to learn that the passenger boat still waits daily at the Quay, and is drawn by trotting horses to Manchester.

The " Duchess Countess "—she is the third of that name we believe—generally waits for passengers in vain, but we suggest to our readers that those who love novelty might do much worse than spend three or four hours on the old waterway in a journey to Manchester, and if they will chose a fair summer day we promise them an outing of uncommon interest and pleasure. A. M.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
CIIEST-IZACKING BRONCHITIS.

A flew Breathe-able & Opium-Free Remedy Found.

If as the nights grow colder and the typical November fogs arrive you begin to be troubled with a dry cough that gets more frequent and racks the chest—if you have hoarseness and shortness of breath and often make a rasping noise in the throat on account of the phlegm accumulated therein—if you easily take cold, or are made to cough violently on exposing yourself to the raw open air—and if your chest feels raw, painful, or tight, then you must know that you are already in the grip of bronchitis. Bronchitis simply means inflammation of the bronchi: that is, the tubes that fork right and left below the windpipe and convey air to the lungs. A man may fast forty days, but he can't do without breathing for many minutes.

The te—rror of bronchitis is that it threatens to .stop up the breathing passages, the cough being Nature's effort to clear an opening when these passages are getting blocked pp. The rational, sensible, midmost up-to-date remedy is found in Peps. By the ingenuity of man a splendid breathe-able remedy, capable of reaching the very seat of bronchitis, has at last been devised. These silver- wrapped Peps tablets, as they dissolve on the tongue, give off certain medicinal fumes that descend with the breath into the bronchial tubes and lungs. All the chest is practically bathed in the famous health-giving essences of the pine:forest -which accounts for the accepted saying that Peps bring "A Pine Forest into Every Home."

Peps are a remedy which, besides leaving far behind cough mixtures and cheap lozenges, have rendered obsolute and unnecessary the employment of opium, morphia, and laudanum, so often found in chest medicines. Such narcotic drugs only disturb the heart and upset the stomach, and often cause a sediment to form at the bottom of the tough mixture bottle, this providing a last nauseous and possibly fatal dose for the patient. Peps, however, are guaranteed free from opium and all such harmful drugs. Moreover, the pure medicinal fumes which these tablets give off when dissolving on the tongue pass into the throat and bronchi and carry soothing and healing influence through these delicate channels, and right on to the furthest corner of the lungs where disease germs may be in hiding. The throat, which incessant coughing has made sore, is quickly soothed by the Peps fumes; the tickling phlegm is loosened and quite got rid of, irritation and inflammation in the windpipe and bronchi are all ended ; the racking cough is stopped, and the chest pains dispelled. Thus by perseverance with Peps, bronchitis is not only skaken off but new vitality is given to the chest to enable it to resist any fresh attack. Peps are sold by chemists at is 11d. or 2s. 9d. a box. At same prices from The Peps Co., Carlota Hill, Leeds.

The Bill before Parliament has, for one of its objects, to legalise all existing policies of the class to which I have referred, and to make insurances to meet the cost of reason- able funeral expenses, likely to be incurred, legal for the future. From certain quarters the demand has been made for a Royal Com- mission to enquire into alleged abuses in connection with Industrial Life Assurance. I am very glad that Mr. Churchill has refused the enquiry in the form in which it was demanded. If the Government were to appoint a Commission to inquire into the abuses and extravagances and illegalities of industrial assurance that would assume some ground for believing that a serious state of things existed, and everyone of the 35,000,000 policy holders in the country would be put into a state of anxiety, and industrial life assurance would be paralysed for three or four years, until the Commission reported.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0138.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
INMC=3IIIIIOOIIOI

===== 0002601_19091113_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
place by a land journey merely, but that you must trust your, person to a boat? Have you reflected seriously on the possibility of your being served up to lunch to some hundreds of families of hungry codfish on the Dogger Bank ?" "You will probably say th6t you wish to see the country and the gutters (canals they are called) and the people. Tut man! Take a dose or two of opium, put yourself into the canal packet, call it a treckschuyt, travel from Howley to Runcorn and baek twice a day for a week. You will see nobody you know; the canal under the influence of the opium, will be converted into a Dutch ditch, and the boatmen into good, burly Dutchmen in trunk hose; and their language -will be equally rank and fishy with the originals of Holland. If you want to see cities and pictures take an extra dose of opium, and under its influence you will ibelieve Howley to be Ostend,Latchford Amsterdam,Wilders- spool Rotterda,m,and Runcorn Haarlem itself; and the various signs on the way under ithe same influen.ce, will furnish you with the finest specimens of Rubens, Ostade, Teniers, and I know not who else. The Cat and the Fiddle will become a fine St. Cecilia, the Queen's Head an admirable Madonna, and the various lions, bears, and dragons will be converted into so many marvellous fine studies of natural history. With all this you will have the advantage of sleeping at home-every night, and your friends will be saved a world of uneasiness as to your personal safety." "What do you want to go to Holland for?

===== 0002601_19091113_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
FROM LABOUR'S STANDPOINT.

By Philip Snowden, M.P.

THE. MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS.

The results of the Municipal 'Elections from the Labour standpoint are satisfactory. The returns have not been arranged and calculated completely at the time I write, but it is evident that the balance of gains and losses is well on the right side. In several boroughs the Labour Party has secured very remarkable successes. In Leicester, three seats have been gained. In Halifax, Leeds, Chorley, Blackburn, and other towns seats were won, one retained, and one lost. In Bradford, the Labour Party put forward eleven candidates, and not one was succesful. This, at first sight, appears a distinct set-back, but when the circum- stances are known and the figures examined, the fact is disclosed that it rather indicates the growing power of the Labour Party in local politics. There was a combination of parties against the Labour candidates, who, though polling a vote considerably increased in the aggregate, were not strong enough to defeat the combination. The same explana- tion applies to the results in some other boroughs.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
A PEOPLE'S QUESTION.

Most people have an interest in the question of Industrial Life Assurance. There are, I believe, about 35,000,000 life policies in e)Fist- ence and something like 80,000 agents are employed in the business. The Government have put before Parliament a Bill which aims at reforming in come particulars the law of life assurance. The Bill passed a second reading last week, and when the House re-assembles it is hoped to pass it through the remaining stages into law. This Bill has brought more correspondence to members of Parliament than any other matter since the Licensing Bill. There is, it is quite evident, a good deal of anxiety among policy holders and the insurance companies on account of the present uncertainty aS to the legality of certain policies. Mr. Churchill stated that there are 10,000,000 policies in force which are void in law. They have been taken out by second parties on the lives of others, and there was no legal "insurable interest." In the vast majority of cases the policy was taken out in perfect good faith to meet funeral expenses which would be incu red by the insurer in the event of the death of the assurred. But the law does not recognise possible funeral expenses incurred by a relative as a ground for insurance.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
THE OBJECTS OF THE BILL.

EXAGGERATED CRITICISM.

The criticisms which have been made upon industrial lfe assurance are either exaggera- tions or misconceptions. Nobody for a moment would claim that the system is not open to criticism, but most of the charges made by critics are against things which are inseparable from the system as it must be carried on by a company or a collecting society. Complaint is made of the enormous proportion of the receipts which is paid for expenses of collection and management. In the aggregate the sum is very large, but it must be remembered that it is impossible to collect small sums weekly from scattered houses except at a heavy expense. The losses of members from lapsed policies is a serious matter, but it is unavoidable under present conditions. A BETTER WAY.

There is of course a far better way of securing the benefits which industrial life assurance seeks to obtain. The present sys- tem is but one illustration of the waste of leaving such things to private enterprise. The State is distributing £9,000,000 this year to over 600,000 old age pensioners, and the whole cost of working the system does not amount to one per cent, after the initial cost of institution. A State system of Insur-. ance could be worked as economically, and if an enquiry into Industrial Life Assurance is desirable, it should, as Mr. Churchill stated, not be announced to be an enquiry into the abuses of the present system, but into the possibilities of extending and improving the benefits of assurance. The State could not very well start com- peting insurance companies which had to rely on the voluntary response of the public. The comparative non-success of the Post Office Insurance system shows the impossi- bility of that. Any system of insurance which required the policy holder to take his payments to a Post Office_ every week would fail. There would be a possibility of attach- ing funeral benefits to the system of State Insurance against Infirmity which is to be established, perhaps next year.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
ACCIDENT INSURANCE.

The same difficulty of starting a State Insurance scheme in competition. with existing Companies was met by the• Com- mittee which sat two years ago to consider whether, through the Post Office, something could be done to give small employers the means of cheap insurance under the Work- men's Compensation Act. But that Com- mittee soon found out that the existing companies had captured all the paying business, and that what remained could not be taken at a cheap rate except at a loss to the State. The only practical way to deal with that matter is for the State to assume liability for the payment of all claims under that Act, and to meet the case either out of general taxation or by a special direct con- tribution from the employers.

In the Civil War Tracts published by the Chetham Society there is an account of the Easter Monday struggle of 1643. It was written 'by a Royalist five days after the battle and as it was written for the encouragement of other Royalists was hardly likely to give an impartial and balanced account. The writer says: "The first news of this day was a double defeat, given by the Earl of Derby to Sir W. Brereton, at Warrington. Brereton coming thither upon a hope of hindering the Earl's proceedings, who was going with part of his forces towards Manchester ; but Brereton being well beaten at the first outset with the loss of many of his men and some of his colours, had no mind to go away until he had perfected the Earl's victory and his own overthrow, and therefore drew into the field again, with the accession of some new forces from Manchester, to play double or quits, which being perceived by the Earl of Derby, he purposely held off from accepting the - battle till the dusk of the evening, and then sent some of his own men, un(ler Brereton's colours, to make towards them, who being taken, and indeed, mistaken for their own party, were suffered to join with them, or come very near them on the one side, and the Earl, charging very hotly from the other they made a great impression upon both sides; and, having thus caught them in a trap, defeated them with great slaughter and little labour. But the particulars of this piece of service—how many of the rebels were taken prisoners, how many were slain, and with what loss on the King's side—is not yet made known,"

*. * * *

Some of the soldiers who fell in the combat are said to have been buried in the grave- yard at Hill Cliffe but the registers of the period are not preserved. The Royalists were buried without ceremony where they lay on the Heath and their bones rest under the streets and houses of the modern village. It may be worth while copying here the entries in the parish register of Great Budworth.

1643, April 6. Thomas Frith de Barnton Gardianus qui apud, Stockton Heath in prelio occisus fuit tertio die mensis Aprilis et sepul. Sexto die Aprilis., 1643, April 6. Johannes Amerie de Barnton Constabularius qui periit codem die et loco et sepult. Sexto die ejusdem Aprilis. 1643, April 16. Thomas Yewley flu Thomas Yewley sepul. Decimo sexto Aprilis: 1613, April 20. Thomas Yewley de Aston qui periit de vulneribus accepted apud Stockton Heath t,ertio die Aprilis Eepult. Vicesimo die ejusrlem mensis. 1643, April 22. Richardus Ridgway de Budworth qui periit opud Stockton Heath eod. die The two first-mentioned, Thomas Frith and John Amery appear to have been killed in the battle and buried on April 6th at Budworth. The three last died from wounds received and were buried on the dates given.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
PROTECTION NEEDED.

It is most important that the workman who is liable to the risk of accident should feel sure that he will get the legal compensa- tion if he should, unfortunately, require it. There is no compulsion on the employer to insure, and the small employers rarely do. In such cases the relatives of the dead work- man have often to choose between losing the compensation or making the employer a bankrupt. But insurance has not always been a guarantee of payment. There have been a considerable number of bogus com- panies catering for accident assurance busi-

===== 0002601_19091113_art0145.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'". = . .

===== 0002601_19091113_art0146.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• ••• ,- •

===== 0002601_19091113_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
ness ; and the present state of the law is such that such companies can be formed with absolute freedom.

A Life Assurance Company must deposit £20,000 with the Board of Trade; but fire and accident companies have, not been required to do so. The Bill which is now before Parliament amends the law in this respect; and if it passes, all insurance com- panies will in future have to make the deposit. This will be some guarantee of the bona fides of an accident insurance company. The need for some protection will be seen when, it is mentioned that within recent. years there have been companies registered for accident and fire insurance business with a large nominal capital, but which never had any substantial assets at all. In 1905 a com- pany called the Castle General Insurance Co. was wound up with assets of £l4. For seven years it had been carrying on insur- ance business, and had never had a bank balance exceeding £7OO, although it had insurance policies issued carrying a risk of £1,500,000. Other similar cases might be quoted.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOLD MINE.

Fire and Accident insurance is a business which the State might at once taken over with great advantage to both the assurants and the community. They are branches of insurance much more easily managed than life assurance, and the huge profits which are made by the companies in this branch of insurance business prove that the public could be much more economically served by a State system which was not run for profit.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
R MISCIELLANYI

A further brief reference may be permitted to our mention last week of the battle of Stockton Heath. The Parliamentary troops threw up a hastily-made barricade in the form of a trench and bank across the main road below the Mulberry Tree inn. The trench skirted the bottom of the garden of the inn and it is interesting to know that when this land was excavated for building purposes large quantities of clay pipes came to light. These were found in groups of half-a- dozen to a dozen and the fact that they were found among other military relics suggests that they date from the period of the Civil War.

** * *

The hedge bank of Red-lane also furnished some possibly relics of the war in the form of money, probably concealed there of the time of Jam es I. and Charles I. On the hill side a field is still called " The field of prayer." Tradition has it that Cromwell's soldiers met there in the early morning for a service of praise and prayer during the period when Warrington was held for the King and Stockton Heath for Parliament.

** * *

===== 0002601_19091113_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
A GREAT FEMALE REMEDY.

ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE LADY'S STRONG

===== 0002601_19091113_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
RECOMMENDATION.

Throughout the many stages of woman's lifs from peevish girlhood, through womanhood, motherhood, to the declining years of old age, there is no better, milder, or more effective medical companion to women-folk than Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills. They promote healthy and regular visitations, heal inflamma- tions and ulceration, and cure all womanly weak- nesses, cleansing and restoring the bowels, liver and kidneys to perfect working order. A few doses occasionally, when well, will assure a pure and healthy condition.

"I am pleased to inform you," writes Mrs. M. Holland, of 13, Dale Street, Ashton under-Lyne, " that I have used Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills and they have proved most satisfactou, and I feel that they are doing me a great amount of gbod. I shall continue to take them, feeling sure that ,they will eventually cure me. I shall always recommend Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills. As a searching, cleansing remedy they are the very best medicine that I have ever taken, and I shall always recommend them as a splendid Family Remedy." Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills get at the cause by cleansing the stomach, purifying the.blood, and aiding the digestion and assimilation of food, and are a positive and permanent cure for Indigestion, Biliousness, Constipation, Impure Blcod, and Female Ailments. Sold by Chemists and Stores, price Is. 11d. per bottle, or The W. H. Comstock Co.,- Ltd., 21; Farringdon Aventle, London, E.C.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0152.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MiMMlgal.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0153.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MMMiI NI

===== 0002601_19091113_art0154.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• iNEIMI NIONO

===== 0002601_19091113_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR SERIAL STORY.

tALL RIGHTS sissavzp.i

HIS FATHER'S SON.

BY TOM GALLON

Clinic)? of " Tatterley," "Dicky Monteith,'- " Kiddy," "A Rogue in Love," "Fate's Beg- gar Maid," !` The Charity Ghost," &e.

SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS: rho guests have separated after the dinner which celebrates John Baxendale's inheritance of lie fortune, and he has told Evelyn Kaylor, the seautiful girl, he is to marry, that he has not a :aro in the world. Yet there is a strange Cpreboding of coming ill. He feels practically tertain that someone is prowling about the grounds. When the last guest has retired, Felix 3oode, the family lawyer, begins the unfolding A the sinister secret which is to alter the whole ;enour of John Baxendale's life. In revenge for L wrong which his father did to a woman named fohanna Cridge she had stolen away one of twin tons, leaving the awful message that, just as her ife had passed into darkness and evil, so should us. He should be educated, and yet trained to • life of infamy. That brother of John- Baxen- 7tile may now at any time confront him. This "ory is told him at his father's request, under ais dying injunction that it shall be preserved a secret. Baxendale, when on the way to his room, hears a sound in the drawing-room. Entering, and go- ing to one of the windows, he confronts and seizes a burglar, to find himself face to face with a man in his own likeness. Then John Baxendale does a dramatic thing. Inquiry convincing him that this man is his own brother, he astonishes him with the assurance that he purposes 9) divide equally the inherit- ance between them on the solo condition that the new-corner leaves the country and keeps the secret. He is taken with Rufus's suggestion that he should go and see the life he has lived, and so one evening makes his way to Middle- ton's Rents, on the south side of the river. On entering the house he is felled from behind. With mischief in his eye, Rufus Cridge puts on the clothes of his wealthy brother. He goes to Baxendale Hall, and there meets Dick Munby, the barrister, who—astonished at "Baxendale's" gruffness -- leaves him with Evelyn Kaylor, with whom Cridge makes gne-I his opportunity to plead for an early wedding. That night the family lawyer, passing the village inn, is drawn in by the landlord. "John Baxen- dale" is within, intoxicated, but Felix Goode'a sharp ears and eyes tell him that hero before him stands "the other man." Where is John Baxendale? John Baxendale is hidden in the basement of Johanna Cridge's house. "Bella," whose love iaas been given to Cridge, stands outside, per- ;Lazed at his absence, mechanically kicking a corner of the thick basement glass let into the pavement. A piece falls through, and hearing a moan for help, she stoops, discovering, as she believes, her lover below. While 'Johanna sleeps Leila rescues him. Baxendale tells her his story, and, stung with jealousy, she goes to the Hall to claim Cridge as hers against all the Evelyn Kaylors in existence! Goode proceeds to the Hall with Cridge, who is frankness itself. He boasts of holding the whip- hand whatever happens. Baxendale„ because of Cridge's clothes, is turned away from Munby's chambers; but Munby, coming out, recognises him, and they proceed at night to tho Hall, to find Cridge coming up the drive intoxicated. Bella, who was there before them, ip about to dash out to warn him, when they restrain her, and Cridge passes on to the house. The men follow after midnight, and, entering burglariously, are suddenly confronted by Goode. Ife leads them to the bedroom, where Cridge is sleeping his drunken sleep. Baxendale obtains his own clothes, leaving Cridge's, and the bulbs are taken off the electric lights. An alarm of fire is raised. Cridge struggles into his clothes in the dark and dashes outside—to find himself home- less, in the garb of a tramp, and with the door of Baxendale Hall shut and barred in his face!

===== 0002601_19091113_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER VI.

It took time for the full measure of the 'catastrophe to enter into the mind of Rufus (=ridge. He had been so secure, so utterly safe • and now, in a moment, as by a miracle, he found himself stranded on the world, at dead of night, in the old and shabby clothing that properly belonged to him, and with the great house he had so cunningly taken by assault barred against him. In a halting, frightened way, he crept round the place, trying doors and windows, in the hope that LI might be able to Fet in- aide, and SO again take up the position he had usurped. But for the fact that the miracle that had happened had shaken his ,wita a little he would have gone hammering ,at the great door of the house, and demand- ing admittance. But he saw in this sudden change of affairs something beyond his imme- diate comprehension, some trick he had not rt fathomed. He was outside in the world, with the whole position completely reversed; he must make up his mind what to do. Glancing at the dark house over his shoulder, he went down through the grounds, and across the high road into the wood in which John Baxendale and his friend Munby had been hidden that night; and there, curi- ously enough, he Was watched. He lay there for a long time looking at the house and try- ing to decide what was best to be done; curs- ing his luck at being turned adrift at that hour with all that he had tried to do undone itt a moment. And near him among the trees crouched the girl Bella, watching, as she sup- posed, John Baxendale, and gleeful in the thought that he had failed in what he meant to do. For this man was dressed as she knew John Baxendale had been dressed. And she told herself -that Rufus Cridge was in the house, in the disguise in which she had seen him staggering down the road; she told her- pelf that the plot had failed. Rufus Cridge, all unconscious of her prea- time there, presently saw the dawn growing in the sky, and knew that this was no place for him to be discovered in. He must get away. In that hour he seemed to need help as he had never needed it yet. Some trick had been played upon him. These people against whom he had plotted were stronger than himself, and must be fought with more subtle weapons than any he had yet found.

The shock of that alarm that had flung Elm from his bed and sent him flying out into the night had sobered the man;_ he began to think over the whole matter, and so to arrive at some conclusion as to what had been done. The one thing that puzzled him was that he should be wearing again those. deplorable clothes that had belonged to hirn as Rufus Cridge, and which he had seen being put upon John Baxendale in the room in Middle- ton's Rents. He could not for the life of him understand how he had got hold of them, or how contrived to dress himself in them at the time when the clamour of the bell bad startled him from sleep. There could be but one meaning attached to that: that in some fashion John Baxendale or the clothes had been removed from Middleton's Rents and transferred to Baxendale Hall.

."We've changed places again; but how's it been done?" he muttered to himself. "There's been treachery somewhere; some- body's sold me. It can't be Baxenctale; they never let him go— And yet I left him in these clothes! Well, it's a puzzle! But I'll get back somehow to what I,was. What a fool I was to let the drink soak my brains away like that. Someone's caught me nap- ping, that's what it He came to the rapid decision that he could do no good by hanging .about there. The trick he had played in the first place on Bax- endale had spoilt any chance of compromise; there could be no question now of the division of the fortune; it must be, as he had first suggested, all or nothing—and in all proba- bility it spelt nothing. Within an hour he was on the road to London, with grimly-set face, and the determination in his heart to find out exactly what had happened—and, above all, where the real John Baxendale was to he found.

Surprisingly enough, there was money in fill* pockets of his ragged clothing—some of that Leant to John Baxendale by Dick Munby --eo that the journey to London was not a difficult matter. He landed in due course at the great London terminus, and melted into the streets, and so came by devious ways to ifiddleton's Rents, Lambeth, and climbed the stairs of the house in search of Johanna Cridge. He was to learn again how extra- lard in a.r v go that likeness be tweet) iiimeeL

and the other man wheh, on entering the room unannounced, he came face to face vith Amos Voles, who had paid an early morning call on his patroness. Amos looked round as the door opened, sprang to his feet, and stared at Cridge. "Ytiu—you've come back?" he gasped; for, 'of course, he imagined that this was the an about whose disappearance from Use cellar of the house they had been so deeply concerned. "Of course I've come back, you idiot!" exclaimed Rufus Cridge, striding into the room angrily. "Where's Mother Cridge?" But Mr. Voles did not answer. This was the chance, as he thought, of his lifetime, to secure, single-handed, this desperate man. While the other moved across the room to- wards the window, Mr. Voles executed a flank movement which placed him at the 400 r. In an instant he was outside it, and the key was turned in the lock. Rufus Cridge twisted round just in time to eee the locked door and to take in the situation. He sank into a chair with a roar of laugh- ter. "He takes me for the other one!" he exclaimed. "Which means, of course, that .i.ok other one has really got away. Well—l suppose we shall get an explanation pres- ently," he added, philosophically, as he stretched himself in the chair and looked down at his broken boots. "It looks very much to me as if the game was up. I suppose f: started with a bad hand, and 'didn't even know-how to play that." The key turned in the lock presently, and Johanna Cridge walked in and faced him. She, at least, was not afraid of him, although she saw in him that John Baxendale who had managed to get away from the house after his capture. But a glance at him, when she got nearer, as sufficient to assure her that this was, after all, Rufus Cridge, and not John Baxendale. His careless, casual nod to her, and his dejected attitude, shewed her so much at least. She bit her lip, and sat down opposite him, and asked the one question the situation seemed to demand. "Well—how have you failed?" "Tell me first what has become of the man I left here—that precious brother of mine," said Cridge. "See for yourself," he added, 'starting to his feet and indicating by a tune the clothes he wore. "I've come back to you dressed as I left him dressed." "He got away. He was let out from the cellar in which we'd locked him," replied Johanna Cridge, savagely. "Perhaps you ..9.11 guess who did that?" The man took a step nearer to her, and stared into her eyes. "You don't mean—" The woman nodded. "I mean Bella Ogden," she said. "She stole my keys and crept down there and let the man out. The keys were found in the door. Perhaps you can give me some idea of why she should do that?"

"A bit of revenge, I suppose," replied Rufus. "But she shall pay for this—/-by Jove! she shall pay a big price. She's been pestering me for months past to marry her— and I might have done it if this bigger game hadn't come along. But there'd' something else afoot now, mother—or there was until this disaster happened. I see it all now. I understand that this man—let loose by her— has got back to the place I took, and has min- trived to get me out into the world again."

The woman looked at him contemptuously for a moment or two, and then spoke her mind with characteristic energy. "I can guess pretty well what has happened," she said, bitterly. "You never could keep your head in any sudden prosperity. You were a poor creature always. I might have known you'd fling away your chances. pidn't I warn you that you must first establish your- self before you began to play rack and ruin with their smug respectability? Tell me how it happened." So he told her, sulkily enough; and she listened, nodding from time to time, as she let each point sink into her mind. She saw, as he did, that they must begin again; she saw, as he had failed to see, that so much was lost by reason of this first mishap. But while she thought that, the man's mind was turning over and over that thought about the woman who had betrayed him; for in Bella's act he saw only one of revenge against him- self. He stood there, grinding his teeth and beating one clenched hand into the palm of the other.

"What are you thinking about?" de- manded Mother Cridge at last. "I'm thinking about Bella," he retorted, with a grim laugh. "I'm thinking about a word I've got to say to her; I'm thinking about that white young throat of hers that I can get my hands round when the proper time comes. Do you know where she ie7 "

"I've a shrewd suspicion," replied the woman. "With him, I suppose?" He looked quickly at her, and she nodded. "She thinks she'll play the game opt with the richer man; she thinks she'll give me the go-by! Well, we'll see about that. I've not clone yet. Now I know the truth I'm going back to Bazen- dale Hall."

"You've pluck enough, at any rate," re- torted the woman. "After this I don't mind what you do. I let you loose upon them to do what you like. But let the girl alone; we'll have no violence, mind." "Leave that to me," he retorted. "If I can't get what I want in any other fashion I'll do murder. Oh, you needn't look at me like that," he went on with a laugh; "that's been in your thoughts all the time. You're not the one to sit down under wrongs; you're not the one to have nursed for twenty-five years this wrong done to you, and then to wish me to go into the business with hands kid-gloved. shew you some fun in the next day or two. I'll set the country ringing, mark my words if I don't. Where's Voles, and the other man?"

"They'll be here presently, although you've frightened the life almost out of Amos Voles," replied. Johanna Cridge, with a laugh. "What do you want with them?" "I shall want my friends with me when I return to Baxendale B. 411," replied Rufus. "We'll go down together. We shall be three to one, any way. They've tricked me; they shall pay for that, I promise you." "I see that I can leave you to do the thing," said the woman, looking at him steadily. "But' let's have no violence. You'll do no good that way." "You can leave it to me," he retorted. "I'm going back at once, send Voles and the other after me. I'll be on the look-out down there for them, and you shall have word of what is happening at once. But it's Bella first; it's my beautiful Bella that's to be dealt with ! "

He kissed the -woman with rough tender- ness, and then walked quickly out of the room and out of the house. There was a glow upon her face as she watched him from the whcclow striding away, for she knew at last that that which she had trained in the man was alive. She knew that she could trust him in any coming fight with John Baxen- dale.

That long journey back to Deepington did not improve the temper of the man. Fortu- nately for himself he had money in his pockets, and he indulged his appetite freely on the way down, so that when he slouched out of the little station into the cool country evening he was a thing to shudder at, a thing of vile pas6ions—a man who would stop at nothing to gratify any desire for vengeance he might have. And foremost in his thoughts was the girl Bella—that girl. he had held in his arms so often, the while he whispered to her promises that should make her as wax in his hands. But now he knew, or thought he knew, that she had betrayed him; that on ac- count of her he stood to-night outcast again wider the stare, with his work to be done afresh.

He/ had no definite idea in his mind as to where hd should find her; he had only a dim idea that she might be somewhere in the neighbourhood of the great house—perhaps even in the house itself. His duty was to wait, and watch, and to be ready. He lay hidden in the grounds of the house —in a remote part of them—for a long time, and from thence he saw a panorama, as it were, of what was happening in the house and about it. In the distance he saw the old man, Fells Goads. nzn;ua nn and dnwn on

-

the terrace smoking, with a hand through the arm of John Baxendale—a picture of peace and security that scarcely appealed to Rufus Cridge just then. Even while he watched the two men came clown from the terrace, and strolled across the grounds towards the spot where Rufus Cridge lay hidden, still chatting, - and. as it seemed, with the old man laying down the law. They were making their way towards the house of Miss Dorcas Stubbs, and although the watching man could not know what was said, as a matter of fact, Felix Goode was impressing upon John Baxendale the necessity for caution in regard to his conduct. "Remember, my dear boy," he said, "that this young and delicate girl Evelyn has met, under the strangest circumstances, this man Rufus Cridge and has very naturally be. lieved that that man was yourself. From what I have already heard from her aunt, the man appears to have disgusted her, raised up in her pure young mind some protest at the in- solence of his conduct. That is to say, my boy "—the old man laid his hand on the arm of the younger one—" the insolence of your conduct. That is an impression you must re- move; it is something you must live down. This man is done with. If we hear anything more of him it will only be when he sues to us for some allowance, and then we can make our own terms with him. At all events, 'your duty now lies with Evelyn. You must calm her mind, and let her understand as best you may that it was some trouble that charged you, and made you behave as I believe this fellow did behave." "I'll do my best. But the thought that his hands have touched her, and that his eyes have looked at her, seems to drive me mad," said John Baxendale. "And I don't believe that we've done with Rufus Cridge yet. There is a fear that oppresses me that we may see him again, and that he may bring ruin and disaster upon us." They went on their way, and Rufus Cridge, lurking in the shadows of the trees and bushes, followed. So he came at last to the house to which they were going, saw the two men enter, and chafed bitterly at the thought of what he had lost, and what this man had regained. For it is not too much to say that, in his own more brutal fashion, the creature groped blindly for something higher than he had known—for something better and greater and finer than any Bella Ogden; which is to say, that in his fashion he loved this girl, Evelyn Kaylor, whom he had held in his arms for one brief moment. Now, hunted and homeless, and reckless, the girl proved a strong factor in that chain that was to draw him again into their lives. He thought more of her, perhaps, at that time than of the posi- tion that had been his for a brief few hours.

"I'm as good a man as he is—nay, I'm better," he muttered, hoarsely, crouching there in the darkness, and watching the lighted windows. "Born of the same mother, bearing the same name, so like him that they can scarcely tell us apart, why, in the name of common sense, should he have all the luck of it; and I none? Why must coarse women fall to my share and the dainty ones to his? I've not done yet; I'll win my game yet!" His thoughts went again to the woman who had betrayed him, that woman who had let loose upon the world a man Rufus Cridge had captured, and held, in a sense, at ransom. His fingers itched to get at her throat, to hold her brutally at his mercy, while' she whined, and pleaded, and strove to explain. More than all else, the Woman stood between him and this daintier creature he had held in his arms. She was a menace to him, not only by reason of the fact that by this time she must know the secret concerning himself and John Baxendale, but by reason of the fact that she would cling to him while ever there was any hope that he would set her right in the eyes of the world, even of that poor world to which she belonged. With all these thoughts twisting about. in his tortured brain—now urging him, as it seemed, upon this course, and now suggest- ing another—the man lurked in the shadows, and watched the house into which his brother had gone. Mr. Felix Goode, with a nice sense of what was due to him, had devoted himself to Miss Dorcas Stubbs, leaving John Baxendale free to talk to Evelyn. So that it presently happened that Baxendale and tit( girl stepped out into the little garden of the cottage, knowing nothing of that forlorn-look- ing wretch who waited in the shadows and watched them. So, like one shut out ffoin hiE paradise, Rufus Cridge saw this brother of his pacing up and down in the moonlight with the girl, heard the sound of her low laughter floating to him, as from a *great distance to which he could never reach. And the soul of the man was bitter and vengeful within him. He went away at last, to meditate upon what he 'should do, and so came into the woods that lay below the high road leading to Deepington. The night was fine, and for a long, time he lay there, not impressed by any beauty that was about him, but rather contrasting the peace of it all with what raged within himself. And in that way it may be said that there was a very madness in him when, presently, he heard the light rustl- ing of leaves, and knew that there was some- one coming towards him through the wood. He crouched there, knowing as by an instinct that this must be someone with whom he had intimately to deal, knowing that it could be no stranger in those woods at that hour.

There came out into the light of the moon under the trees the girl, Bella Ogden. She had no eyes for anyone lurking in the shadows; she had come there with a definite purpose in her mind. She wanted to see tip- man who had so suddenly been lifted into for- tune—Rufus Cridge. For, of course, it must be remembered that she knew nothing of that extraordinary change that had taken place in the two men again. She remembered only that John Baxendale, in the shabby, ragged clothes of Rufus Cridge, had spoken to her in that very wood, and, with another man, had warned her to keep away, and to leave the business to othere. Rufus Cridge, the man she loved, had been too many for them. She believed that he was still in possession of that place he had usurped in Baxendale Rufus Cridge could afford to wait. He lay there in the shadows, watching the girl. He knew that she must come back there at a later hour, when, in the silence of the woods, he would be waiting for her. He let her go on past him. He could aimed have touched •her dress as she fluttered along through the shadows, and climbed to the road and crossed it, and disappeared into the grounds of Baxendale Hall. He did not clearly know where she was going; he only knew that she must come back that way, and that he could wait

It has, of course, to be explained that poor Bella had waited in the hope to catch a glimpse of this greatly transforlned lover of hers. She believed that Rufus Cridge, under that new disguise, had carried all before him at Baxendale Hall. As she had, in a sense, helped to bring that about, she told herself that the man would be glad to turn to her now that she had followed him SO faithfully. This talk of another woman was ridiculoas. Bella could hold her own, by the memory, at least, of old days of struggle and privation. But it happened that night that she went to the cottage in which lived Evelyn Kaylor and her aunt, and there saw the sight that Rufus Cridge had seen with different feel- ings already. She saw, as she believed, her lover walking with this strange and dainty woman; heard the ripple of laughter from her lips; saw the eyes of the man regarding her: Maddened with jealousy . and hatred she crept away, and sought again the shelter of the woods, the better to cry her heart out there, and to decide what was to be done. So she came, in that mad hurry, face to face at last with Rufus Cridge, and looked upon him merely as that John Baxendale who had striven to hold her back on the previous night. Rufus, for his part, saw in her only the woman who had betrayed him, and put his rival in the place Rufus Cridge should have occupied. The hour had come for a reckoning on that matter, and in the moon- light the eyes of the man were deadly. I've been waiting for you," he said, lounging forward on the bank on which he sat, with his elbows on his knees. " something to say to you, a score to be settled between us, my girl ! " She shrugged her shoulders disdainfully. Even at that moment the fact that her re- creant lover had triumphed, as she believed, outweighed all other considerations. "There's nothing you can have to say to me." she said. " You've failed. as I thought

===== 0002601_19091113_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
you'd fail. You've been dealing With a better man."

"Curse you!" he exclaimed, springing to his feet and striding towards her. "Is it for you to taunt Me with that? You've let loose the -man I thought I had safely in my hands. You've brought him back here; you've un- done all that I strove so hard to do-"

She came up to him and caught him by his ragged coat and stared into his eyes; imder- stood in a moment who he was, and what she had done. Almost like a child she laughed, in the sheer delight of coming face to face with him, and of knowing, above all things, that there was no other woman in the case— that he was alone here with her.

"Oh! my dear—my dear!" she exclaimed. "I didn't understand before. I thought you were the other man. I thought you'd got your place there in the great house, and that you'd forgotten all about me. Oh, my dear!" . lie flung her brutally from him, and, as she knelt at his feet, looked down at her with eyes that blazed with hatred and contempt. Her steadfast eyes were on him, and they did not flinch. But the man was beside himself with rage, and he saw nothing except this woman, who had dogged his footsteps, and had spoilt the thing he had tried to do. "Now, listen to me," he said, bending over her and speaking in a suppressed voice, as -Though he feared the very shadows might hear him, "I'm going to tell you what I mean to do. I'm sick of you! I wish I bad never seen your face. With all my heart and soul I love another woman, a woman a thou- sand times better than you are, and a thou- sand times better-looking. You're dirt of the dirt compared with her. You're not to be counted as being in any way near her. Take that for your comfort!" "Rufus! Rufus! You don't mean what

're saying," she pleaded, clinging to him. I mean every word of it—and more. I'm going to win the game to which I've set my hand, but I'll win it without you. Listen now to what I say, it's the last thing you're going to hear on this earth!" She crouched before him, but with no real terror. The love that had blinded her to everything else blinded her to the purpose in his mind and made her reckless of it. He knew nothing, and saw nothing, of the sublimity of that love; he saw only a woman that ,had served his purpose and was in his way. Thanks to you, I can destroy John Baxendale and you at one stroke, and can lift myself into his place. John Baxendale shall go down to what I was—to what I am now. I'll come out top dog yet. And it shall be known then that he had to do with you, Bella. Your name shall be linked with his, because men will call him Rufus Cridge. I'm going to kill you! I'm going to leave you here as a legacy for him! I'm going to have another try to get into that house, and I'm going to take my place beside that woman— (if you've seen her you'll know how pretty she is, you jade! and how much worth the having)—and I'm going to be quit of you and of my brother at one stroke. Come out here into the light, where I can see you!" Even at the last she pleaded with him, and struggled with him, speaking of her love for him, imploring him to go away with her and to let her live with him in poverty and misery, if only he would stay his hand and say that he loved her. With that hand upon her throat, and with a knife that he had dragged out and opened with his teeth held above her, she still pleaded, still called him by every endearing name she knew. So much, at least, she moved him, that he turned away his face when he struck down at her, al- thOugh he struck none the less truly; felt her Slip from his grasp,' and drew back, horri- fied at last with what he had done. She lay there in the moonlight, without sound or movement. He felt that she was dead, and he drew back, stricken, realising, now that his passion was spent, what he had. done. After looking in all directions, and seeing no one near—assuring himself, in fact, that he was alone in the wood with the murdered girl—he crept back to look at her, and strove to steady his nerves the better to understand the magnitude of what he had done. For this spilling of blood was a bigger matter than he had understood. Almost he felt the rope tightening about his neck, even there in the sweetness and beauty of the woods. He thought that she moaned once and moved. But that could have been merely fancy and nothing else. At all events, he dared not go near her. He made a wide cir- cuit and got out of the Iv:4;4s, and struck across the open country, reckless of where he went or what he did. It had all been a blunder from the beginning. He had put his neck in a noose and there was but small hope for him, unless he could fly the country before an alarm was given. But there was to be a way ef escape for him, after all, and that in the strangest fashion. Poor Bella Ogden had paid bitterly enough for her loyalty to the man. But his aim had not been quite straight, when in his madness he drove the knife towards the heart that had been faithful to him. She woke from w'iat seemed to be the very bitterness of ideath, knowing clearly in her own mind that ishe was near the end, and that she must die in this place alone. She tried to pray, tried to understand what it was 'that had happened to her, and what must happen to the man who had killed her. That thought brought her, with the courage and the strength of de- spair, to her knees: She knelt the-e, with her life ebbing away, striving to think what she could do, even in this last hour, to save .the man from the consequences of what lie had done—lift away from him the burden of his guilt. It was all confused, and she was weary to death itself, and was fast losing conscious- ness. But she remembered, as she might have remembered some story she had been ,told, that story of the two brothers—the one she loved, and the other who was nothing to her. She remembered that there had been a great likeness between the men, and that one .had been mistaken for the other. Slowly she fumbled out the solution of this desperate matter for herself, and with a last effort 'dragged herself towards the shelter of some ?trees. She saw above her, as she half lay upon the ground, that one of them had had the bark stripped away to mark it for felling. With a last mistaken loyalty to the man who had iuined and killed ..her, she put a finger to her breast, where her life blood was ebb- ing away, raised the hand, and wrote upon the white wood above her, haltingly and stumblingly, but plain for anyone to /1314.; "John Basendale killed me."-

(To be continued.),

===== 0002601_19091113_art0158.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
allinommom

===== 0002601_19091113_art0159.txt | included=true | included =====
?anal:led by the Free Trade It-kkoa, London

===== 0002601_19091113_art0160.txt | included=true | included =====
Who Pays the Duty in the. End P

LOCAL VALUER RECOVERS DAMAGES FOR LIBEL.

Before Mr. Justice Bray and a special jury in the Nisi Prins Court at Manchester Assizes yesterday week an action was brought to recover damages for libel from a writer of a pamphlet. The plaintiff was Mr. R. R. Meacock, rating surveyor of the Leigh Union, and also valuer to the Warrington Union, and the defendant Mr. Albert Lees, formerly a member of the Leigh Board of Guardians. Mr. Langdon K.C., and Mr. Atkinson were counsel for the plaintiff, and Mr. Rigby Swift and Mr. Morris for the defendant. The pamphlet, it was stated, was issued at a time when the defendant was seeking re-election on the Board of Guardians, and was entitled "The Shame and Infamy of the Poor Law System." It had been pleaded in defence that in so far as the pamphlet was a statement of facts, the latter were true, and so far as it contained comments, these were made on a matter of public interest. Counsel for the plaintiff read extracts from the pamphlets in which the defendant had said the plaintiff bad never been dawn a coalmine in his life, bad no experience of the kind of work required for the valuing of such property, and consequently was "absolutely at the mercy of the mineowners of the district." He also spoke of 'personal influence, intrigue, and a shameless, unscrupulous disregard for the commonweal" on the part of owners who became members of the Assessment Committee, and who "thereby influence the appoint- ment of the type of man who best suits their purpose to such an important position as that of valuer." Evidence was given by the plaintiff, and in cross- examination he said that he did not, for three years after his appointment to the union go down a mine. Before 1902 he bad not been down a mine for eighteeft years, and had not made a valuation of a coalmine, but had assisted in doing so. He said he was the only valuer in England holding his appointment with the approval of the Local Government Board. In reply to further questions, he said he did not agree that in assess- ing a mine it was necessary to " go down and see for himself." As a rule, colliery returns were practically exact.

Mr. R. J. Clegg, chairman of the Assessment Com- mittee of the Leigh Union, testified to the fact that the plaintiff had discharged his duties as valuer exceedingly well. Mr. Ralph Pletcher, who was for between 30 and 40 years a member of the Assessment Committee, said there was no truth in the suggestion that the mine owners valued their own property. In addressing the jury Mr. Langdon called attention to the fierceness of the language used by the defendants and said before making misstatements be might at least have seen Mr. Meacock, and been corrected on matters of fact.

On behalf of the defendant (who was not called) Mr. Rigby Swift asked the jury to distinguish between certain facts and the fair inference which might be made. lie did not say that the statements of the defendant were in the best taste. To say of ft man that he had uttered "a frigid and calculating lie " (laughter)—might be strong language, but it might be very fair comment. Some of the allegations quoted were directed, counsel held, against the Assessment Committee and not against the plaintiff. The jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff, dsmages £2OO.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0161.txt | included=true | included =====
The Suffering Sex.

Good Council from a Young Woman,

once nerve-shattered and Bloodless. Now strong and well. Cured by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills

Sad- as is the story recited below by Miss Nora Oliver, it provokes the thought, even more pathetic, that this is no unusual misfortune: it represents the unhappy lot of thousands of our countrywomen— mothers, sisters, and those dear to us. The brighter side is revealed in the concluding paragraphs of Miss Oliver's statement, and her motive in telling her tale is that others of her sex, who still suffer, may know the abundance of help that is 'Waiting for them in Dr. Williams' Pink Pills.

"When I was about fifteen years old," said Miss Oliver, interviewed at her home, 68, Stanton-street, I Newcastle-on-Tyne, "I became very depressed. I aged considerable in appearance, and my life was

OLIVBR (from a photograph). made a round of misery by sick headaches. My lips became parched, and almost any exertion made me gasp for breath; whilst palpitations and pains in the heart were as bad as though I had heart-disease.

"I tried many tonic medicines, and then aperients; but my appetite failed, and such severe pains attacked me in the chest and back after a few mouthfuls of food, that I dreaded taking any nourishment. As the days passed I became nervous, and as cold as though my blood had turned into water. At nights my sleep was troubled by startling nightmares. "A doctor said my debility was the result of Acute Anaemia. I was under his treatment for a time but fell away to a deplorable state.

" However, after reading an account of a young girl who had been cured of Advanced Anaemia by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills I procured a supply. "After taking a few boxes of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, my breathing was more regular, and I no longer felt depressed or irritable. I soon had a keener appetite for, food, and was able to enjoy my meals free of pain or nausea. "I continued to derive benefit from the Pills. My strength returned; my nerves became steady, and the headaches ceased. I slept well at nights, and arose in the mornings thoroughly refreshed. After con- tinuing with the Pills a little longer the colour came back to my face, and I regained my weigh and soon enjoyed perfect health." • - Women need plenty of rich red blood, at all ages to make womanly life easy, and the very reason why Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have cured so many sufferers is that they make New Red Blood. thus curing Anwmia, Debility, Backache, Headaches, Neuralgia, St. Vitus' Dance, Rheumatism, and Sciatica; also the ailments that afflict women only. But women must be on their guard against substi- tutes and accept the genuine only—Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People (seven words). Of dealers, or direct from Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., 46, Holborn Viaduct, London, post free, 26. 9d. one box, or 13§, 9d. for six boxes.

itc, :.4 . :...... e.icq, 11:2 ..... ' ..... IF-7- :. .. ..: i i ......... . 4,..410, 7 ig u...41-.."1.4„*- ..',. ` _ •!iii:: ... ....I !::,,.-77-, - -. 1:+.:-••• -'_ _..,- giiiiiij,, • ' -,-*, :., ",,,,,:jiiii. :: -.:1, .. .. .. '''.iiii:::l:Es'il:liif .;i:ik.r:Viiltill \ ;;;;;Itiffißti!iiil:iiii '\\V: -• -at• -::::::: . :.1.4.4:ii.:::n. Hiiii: ',••`' - ....... " ....... ':i:: .-3 3 ............. ....31 - - - : ......,,,-;,;;.'•,i,k, .----..- .T. ... - ~. 1111:1 :'....- '; '''',A,111:.•;..:e.:,,;:::.17:7,7.7 . '''.::::-;', 'lad 1 iil' °'-' 'll-••'• ::.-;, .i.-...,..:-.7.4.-:.‘t,....... • - i Aift,, --11;,h1.'Tii.-:- ..-- Ili.- -....:53 • I, i' it / Miss NORA

===== 0002601_19091113_art0162.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

Ring Manuel's Visit.—The King of Portugal. who celebrates his twentieth birthday on November 15th will next week pay his State visit to their Majesties at Windsor Castle. There will be shooting parties, state banquets and theatrical performances at the -Castle, and on the Wednesday the young King is to be enter- tained at luncheon at the Guildhall by the Corporation of the City of London. The visit is invested with general interest on account of the King's youth, and the tragic circumstances which surrounded his acces- sion to the throne. The following week King Manuel is expected to pay a visit to his uncle and aunt—the Duke and Duchess of Orleans, at Wood Norton, in Norcestershire, The last occasion upon [which Royal guests were entertained at Wood Norton, was when the Queen of Portugal was staying there for the marriage of her sister, Princess Louise of Orleans, before the tragic event which placed the Queen's younger son on the Portuguese throne. London's New Lady Mayoress.—The Lord Mayor's procession in London still retains its popularity, as a spectacle for women and children. It is a proud day for many a business man, who takes his family to town, not only to see the show, but the wonders of the great city in which the bread and cheese is earned. • This year the show presented an additional attraction by the presence of the Lady Mayoress and her maids of honour, who joined the Procession on its return from the Law Courts to the Mansion House. In former times, this custom was not unusual, but this was the first occasion for thirty years upon which a Lady Mayoress has appeared in the Procession on the 9th of November. Sir John Knoll—the new Lord Mayor— belongs tbo an old West of England family, and has resided at Blackheath, a residential suburb of London, since his marriage to Lady Knoll twenty-seven years ago. They are a Catholic family, and Lady Knoll devotes a great deal of her time to visiting the Work- houses and Infirmaries, and helping the poor and suffering. A Shop Girl's Academy.—Manners and business ability on the pert of shop assistants have much to do with attracting or repelling custom. Shoppers natur- ally prefer those establishments where they are politely and intelligently attended to with businesslike prompti- tude, but there seems no need for the shopkeepers to over-reach themselves, in teaching girl assistants the art of cajoling customers into buying what they do not want. Such a notion comes from Paris where it is nroposed to establish a school in which girls are to be taught this particular art in their business and are to be given degrees, according to their proficiency in "talking points," so as "to lead a lady on discreetly to the limit of her purse," end to persuade her "that she absolutely does not want what she is purchasing." Of course art of this hind is rather wasted on the experienced shopper, who knows what she does and does not want. To her, "talking points" and the old- fashioned "And the next article madam?" are one and the same thing, but there are numbers of people who, to put it plainly can be humbugged into buying what they do not want, and it is obviously rpainly with this object in view, that it is proposed to establish the Shop-girl's Academy in Paris. In Shopland.—We have grown accustomed when visiting large emporiums to the luxury of a dark room, where we may try effects by artificial light, but Et distinct novelty is the " theatre " fitted with foot- lights, in which actresses—in the part reserved for the "audience "—may study the modes, as presented by the graceful mannequins, who sweep about the stage. Never was shopping made more easy than at the moment, and the tale—once deemed incredible—of the American girl who "fixed "an extensive trousseau in two hours, may now be considered well within the realm of possibilities. Black and Gold.--Our dressmakers are again trying to "boom" the all black evening gown, hut it must be confessed that to great numbers of our country women, the idea is not a becoming one. The majority look better in "relieved" black, and just now there is quite an epidemic of black relieved with gold in the Paris showrooms. Black Brussels net, lightly embroidered with dull gold silk, the pattern being outlined with a thread of tiny jet beads, is enjoying a great vogue in the gay City. This embroidery looks exceedingly well by artificial light, especially when mounted upon black chiffon over bright black satin.

Cold Feet.—Many doctors tu:e advising suffer habitual cold feet to take an alternate hot and cold foot bath, both night and morning. The feet, so say these men of medicine' should be placed in a bath of very. hot water, for about five minutes, next they should be last dipped into a bath of cold water, then back into the hot water for two or three minutes, alternating in this way five or six times. The feet should be dried from the cold water, when they will be found to Llow and keep warm for hours afterwards.. .

__- Dearer Nuts.—No doubt people will go on disputing between the relative merits of a vegetarian or meat dietary until the end of all things, but the no-flesh eaters seem to have fairly well established the reputa- tion of nuts as a serious article of diet. Owing to the increased demands of manufacturers of nut foods, such as nut-butter, nut-meat, nut-cake, nut-milk, and so on, nuts seem likely to cost us more, although dried fruits, as well as most of the important articles of Christmas fare, are expected to be cheaper this season. Beef is the only likely important exception, unless we have severe weather, but nuts of all kinds will he consider- ably dear. That, however, is not a very serious matter far those who only eat nuts by way of desert, but it is evident that people in increasing numbers have faith in the analysts who tell us that there is twice as much nutriment in nuts as in butchers' meat, even of the best kinds.

Undesirable Literature.—Canon Pairs Cox has given some offence to women writers as a whole, by his remarks at Chester, that the least desirable novels are often written by women. Such a sweeping indictment scarcely justified, for the women writers of the class the Canon refers to, could probably be numbered twice over on the fingers of one hand, and they contribute but a trifling proportion to the undesirable number of books that are placed on the market. The blame cannot be placed at the door of women writers as a whole who have produced some of the noblest works in literature, such as, Mrs. Beecher Stower's book—to mention only one—that ended the Slave trade in America. The one effectual way of putting down the plague of unclean literature is for the Press to ignore works of authors who offend in this way. Notoriety is what they thrive upon, and if this is denied them, something at least would be done to check the circulation of unworthy novels.

• The Cult of the Jumping Bean.—The new winter game discovered by Mr. Cyril Maude, seems likely to start the cult of the jumping bean. A warmed dinner plate is provided on which a series of circles have been drawn. The players bring their own particular beans which are placed in the centre of the plate, and the owner of the one which first jumps over the outer circle, takes the pool of the stakes whatever they may be. These jumping beans which have a live maggot inside them, are brought from Mexico, and it is this little worm which bas a life of several months, that gives the bean the jumps. The hot plate urges it into unwonted energy, but whether the maggot likes it, in the same way that the fox is said to enjoy being bunted it is impossible to say. It is however mild treatment of the worm, compared with sticking it on a fish-hook, and if the game catches the popular fancy it will no doubt lead to the active quest of prize jumping beans with perhaps the possibility in some cases, that the same thing may happen to them as did to Mark Twain's jumping frog.

MADGE'.

PREFERMENT FOR A RUNCORN CURATE.

The Bishop of Chester has offered the benefice of St. Barnabas, Crowe, to the Rev. William Scholes, M.A., and it has been accepted by him. Mr. Scholes was ordained deacon and priest by the Bishop of Chester in the years 1895 and 1896 respectively, and has been curate of the parish church of Runcorn since 1895. The net annual living of St. Barnabas, Crewe, is £270, with house of residence.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0163.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19091113_art0164.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11 }

===== 0002601_19091113_art0165.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
s.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0166.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
IPPI‘7IT

J

===== 0002601_19091113_art0167.txt | included=true | included =====
SOUND ADVICE.

Illness may be postponed by taking the sound advice of those who are regular users of Vi-Cocoa. By neglecting such good advice,sufferers have only themselves to blame, more especially seeing that this life- saving food is actually within the reach of all for the small sum of sixpence.

Every-day existence becomes harder each year to millions of toilers in these lands; make your life happier, make your task easier, make your home brighter by always keeping the body well nurturedby Nature's life-preserver—

co 118%. Es COOOOl

It only costs 6d. per packet, and its properties are richer and better far than any other Food Beverage.

Put Vi-Cocoa to the test to-

day. You will never regret it.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0168.txt | included=true | included =====
DISTRICT NEWS.

Halton.

SEWERAGE WoRK.—At the meeting of the Runcorn Rural District Council on Tuesday, the Local Govern- ment Board wrote sanctioning the borrosing of £3,343 for a period of thirty years, for the purposes of Halton Sewerage Works.—The minutes were approved.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0169.txt | included=true | included =====
Frodsham.

ALLEGED DAKUHROUS ROAD.-At the meeting of the Runcorn Rural District Council on Tuesday, Mr. R. Showcross, of Cromer's Lake, Overton, Frodsham, wrote denying that the road of which he bad complained, hy letter to the last meeting was an occupation road. He contended that that was repairable by the Council as it Was used by the public going to Newton and Five Crosses. He intimated that he would certainly have something done to the road, by the Council or a higher authority and he concluded" We are not going to pay poor rates and get no return. The road is dangerous and in a very unhealthy state, a quagmire, still danger- ous for children falling and getting suffocated in the mud so I shall expect you to put the matter before the Council at the next meeting. I shall not let you rest till it is done." The matter was referred to the High- way Executive Committee.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0170.txt | included=true | included =====
Risley.

PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.—The annual Sunday school sermon§ were preached at this Church on Sunday. The Rev. M. Princle, 13. A., of St. Helens. preached morning and evening, and gave inspiring addresses at each service which were much appreciated. The choir gave the anthems "Let God arise men" in the morning, and in the evening "In the Beginning was the Word," both being very creditatly rendered. PRESBYTERIAN SCHOOL.—A social and dance was held in the above schools on Friday, the 6th inst., when a very enjoyable night was spent. There was a splendid gathering, and 21 dances were indulged in, besides solos etc. Mr. A. F. Clarkson-geom.& vary fine-rendering on the violin of " Mdynoka " and "It Travatore," which were much enjoyed; Mr. A. H. Clarkson sang "Veteran's Song" with taste; Mr. T. Renshaw, assisted by Mr. .1. Renshaw, supplied the music; Mrs. James Henshall, Mrs. Lowe, Miss Renshaw, and Miss Mary Harrison assisted in the catering. Mr. Joseph Clare, junr., acted as M.C. A very delightful evening was spent, and all thoroughly enjoyed themselves.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0171.txt | included=true | included =====
Culchetil.

INDEPENDENT METHODIST CHAPEL.—The usual monthly P.S.A. was held in this place on Sunday after- noon last, presided over by Mr. R. Fletcher. A very interesting programme was gone through including recitations by Masters .1. W. Horrocks, T. Bartow and Herbert Aldred. Solos were given by Messrs. G. Fenton, E. Barton, Misses E. Kenyon and R. Bickerstaffe, Mr. G. Fenton gave a very instructive address to the children which was listened to with unusual interest, There were a good number present and a very profitable, time was spent.

GARDENERS' FRIENDLY SOCIETV.—A social evening in connection with this society was held in the Harrow Inn room, Newohurch, on Saturday last, when about 60 members of the society sat down to knife-and-fork tea. After, tea a concert had been arranged and a very attractive programme was gone through. Songs were very ably rendered by Messrs. T. Foster, B. Clarke, J. Sutton, C. Allen and P. Cleworth. Mr. Murray. of Leigh, who is well skilled in the art of elocution, created mucn amusement by his excellent humorous renderings. At the close of the concert a vote of thanks was proposed toMrs.andMrs.Lee for the excellent manner in which they had catered for the party. Mr. J. Orme very ably officiated at the piano throughout theevening. The meeting, which was a huge success, concluded with the singing of the Naticnal Anthem.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0172.txt | included=true | included =====
Moore.

TIIE LATE MRS. T. N. DUTTON.—On Monday the funeral took place, at Dsresbury Parish Church, of the late Mrs. T. N. Dutton, wife of Mr. T. N. Dutton, of Healey, Burnley. The deceased lady, who had been ailing for some time, underwent an operation at Leeds about three weeks ago, but died in the hospital on Thursday, Nov. 4th. Mrs. Dutton bad, by her kindly and genial disposition, made many friends in Moore and the news of her death came as a great shock. The funeral was a very quiet but impressivo one, the Rev. T. T. Lee-Jones, vicar of Daresbury officiated in the church and the Rev. G. C. Briggs, vicar of Christ Church, Latchford, at the graveside. The mourners present were :—Mr. T. N. Dutton, husband; Messrs. H, N. and W. H. Dutton, sons; Mr. Maddock, brother; Mr. John Fairclough, brother-in-law; Messrs. John Dutton and Egerton Fairclougb, nephews. The follow- ing friends were also present; Mr. Rymer Young. Mr. James Dutton, Mr.l. Lawton, Mr. and Mrs.C. Rovlance, Mr. and Mrs. James Cartwright, Mrs. James Banner and Mrs. Jones. Handsome floral tributes were sent ircr.: the following ;—T.N.D. ; H.N.D. and W.H.D.; Let loving sisters; Bessie Dntton ; J. and M.E.F.; Mrs. William Ockleston ; Mrs. Feats; Nrs. Dutton; Mr. and Mrs. James Dutton; Mr. and Mrs. Rymer Young ; Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Dutton,; Mr. and Mrs. Henry Fairclough ; Annie, Florence, and John; also old servants from The Willows and Jessie; Com- Tnittee and Members of the district Ntirsins Association Sewing Guild; Committee of Britian Women's Temperance Association; the Committee of the British and Foreign Bible Society, Burnley; the Healy Wood Mothers; Mrs. Harry Walton; Mr. and Mrs. James Simpson; Mr. and Mrs. J. Allan; Mr'. and Mrs. Gill and Elsie and Connie; Mr. and Mrs. White; Mr. and Mrs. Charles White; Mrs. Smith and Mr. 'Noel Smith; Mr. Collier and Mr. C. Smith; Mr. and nlrs. John S. Collinge ; Mr. and Mrs. Grant and family; Dr. and Mrs. Wilson Brierfleld ; Miss Emerson and members of the G.F.S.M.; Miss Walton; Mrs. Halstead; Mrs. Bellsham and Mrs. Altbam ; Mr. and Mrs. Dickenson and family; Miss Duckett; Dr. and Mrs. T. Greenwood Crump; from All at Arnside; Martha and Mary.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0173.txt | included=true | included =====
• SretCh ':‘ 4:4

more nourishing

more delicious

more economical

than foreign prepared oats

===== 0002601_19091113_art0174.txt | included=true | included =====
Thelwall.

ADMIRAL JONES-PARRY.—At the meeting of the Runcorn Board of Guardians on Tnesday, Admiral Jones-Parry wrote saying that he had no intention to seek re-election, and asking the Clerk to convey his farewell message to the meeting. He quite appreciated the uniform courtesy that always greeted him during the many years that be had attended, and had striven to act as became a Guardian and a Councillor.—The Clerk said Admiral Parry had left the district until titter the next election, and did not intend to seek re-elelltion.— Mr. Wright: lam very sorry. We were all glad to see Admiral Parry.—Mr. Pilling moved that the letter be acknowledged regretting his resignation. Continu- ing, he said Admiral Parry had been with the Board for a long time, and be was the only man who represented Thelwall district. They did not like to part with old members. (Hear, bear.)—Mr. Bolton seconded and the motion was carried.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0175.txt | included=true | included =====
Stockton Heath.

INDEPENDENT METHODIST CH lIRCH.-011 Saturday last a very successful tea and entertainment, promoted by the young ladies, was held in the schoolroom. The arrangements for the tea were very effectively made and carried out; and the school was filled to its full capacity. After tea Miss Emma Hamblett took the chair, and delivered a happy and spirited address, which expressed the deep interest felt by the young women in the welfare of their Church and their desire to do their share of its work. The programme was varied and interesting, and included two dialogues and many musical items.—The proceeds are to be devoted to the reduction of the debt on the Chapel. . MissioN SERVICES.—Missioit services are in progress at the Independent Methodist Church, and a series of very successful meetings have already been held. Miss Clara Green, of Oldham, is the preacher, and her reputa- tion in the village has secured large congregations. On Sunday last the chapel was filled to its fullest capacity and those who attended were greatly inspired by the fine congregational singing and stirring addresses. Outdoor meetings have been held before the services each evening. Lymm. CONGREGATIONAL GI:MD.—OD Thursday evening the Congregational guild held tbeir fourth meeting in the schoolroom. It took the form of a social evening. There were about 40 members present who listened to the various items with interest. Miss L. Evans ren- dered a solo, accompanist Mrs. Gotobed, Miss Hetta Heeketh gave a pianoforte solo. Several games were indulged in during the evening and much enjoyed.' The meeting closed with the singing of "Auld Lang Syne.

LYMM FREE CHURCHES.—On Wednesday evening the first of the winter's United Services was held in the Congregational Church and the attendance was most discouraging. It makes one, ask the question where is Mnconformity in Lymm? There were present: Congregationalists.ll; Primitive Methodists, 4; Zion Independents, 4; Baptists, 1; Wesleyans, nil. Twenty persons present representing five churches is very serious. Had it been a whist drive or a dance the place would have been full. It is time the officials of our churches asked the question who is to blame and seek, the remedy, for the members of the churches seem to have reversed the saying of the Master "Seek ye first the Kingdom of God." MNI CHORAL SOCIETY.—On behalf of the Lymm District Nurseh fund, this society gave on Sunday last In the Parish Church, Gaul's sacred cantata "The Holy City." There was a crowded congregation present, numbering over eight hundred, who listened with rapt attention to an exceedingly capable rendering of this well known cantata, ably conducted by the honorary conductor of the society, Mr. T. M. Eastham. The Rev. G. B. Thurston, M.A., Rector of Lymm, officiated at the opening devotional exercises. The soloists were Mrs. Wilson, Mrs. Wyatt, Misses Bradbury and Rogerson and Messrs. E. A. Jones and F. T. Singleton (of Manchester). Mr. William Cooke, F.R.C.0., organist of the Parish Church, presided at the organ and rendered most helpful service. The Society was augmented for the occasion by several members of the Parish Church choir. The parts were well balanced and full justice was done to the two prominent choruses Thine is the Kingdom" and "Great and marvellous," whilst the more delicate work required in the shorter choruses, especially in the quartette and chorus "List the cherubic host" (in which Mrs. Wilson and Mr. Singleton sang to the accompaniment of ladies' voices) was equally well rendered. As a commencement was not made until three o'clock it was necessary to omit two or three items and there was general disappointment that the double chorus "Let the heavens rejoice" had to be included in these omissions. Everyone is agreed that the members of the society have made more excellent progress during the four years the society has been in existence and the performance of Sunday has bcen spoken of on all hands with unstinted approval and appreciation. The offer- tory realised the sum of ZlO ss. which will be duly handed to the Nurse's Fund. LYMM WOMEN LIBERALS. WELCOME TO LADY CROSSLEY. - -

It was a.ii-aiipy thought of those responsible for the Lymm Women's Liberal Association meeting on Tues- day evening that Mrs. Crossley should preside, but it was a far happier thought on the part of the King which resulted in Lady Crossley fulfilling that office. A large audience of men and women were assembled in the Congregational schoolroom ready to welcome Lady Crossley when she arrived in order to show their appreciation of the honour conferred upon her and her husband, and they did this right cordially. Lady Crossley was supported on the platform by Miss Garland (London), Mrs. Jones, Miss West and Miss Anderson. _ _ _ _

The meeting commenced with the hearty singing of "Liberals, all arise to action." Lady Crossley, who made her first appearance in public as "Lady Crossley," welcomed the men to their meeting and hoped that the men would at times give the ladies an invitation to their meetings. They were very proud of their women Liberal a of Lymm, and although they bad not had an association long it was going apace. (Applause.) Miss Garland gave a very lucid address on " The Budget." She began by complimenting Sir William and Lady Crossley upon being recipients of one of the King's birthday honours. She was perfectly delighted to know that their Member of Parliament was included in the list. (Applause.) On such occasions people asked what the men who received honours had done,and when they saw their Member's name they knew that honour had at last met with its due—(applause)— and that honour was bestowed in the right, place. (Applause.) Coming to her subject the speaker said that some people thought the Budget was rather a dry subject. It might be to men but it was not so to women, because they were chancellors in their own households and men had only one Chancellor of the Exchequer, who was Mr. Lloyd-George. What had the Government done for the households? When they came into office a little over three years ago they came in on the plea of "peace, retrenchment and reform." They had given us peace and reform and for the first three years they gave us retrenchment because each succes- sive Budget reduced taxes until this one. They took a halfpenny in the 2 off tea. We much appreciated that and by it £1,120,000 was saved to the households. Although the Government had increased the duty on tobacco this year they had taken a part of the duty off amounting to £170,000 before. Then they had reduced the income tax by 3d. in the £ ; they bad reduced taxation by nearly £9,000,000. Compare that with what the Tories did who were in office ten years and added £40,000,000. We never heard any cries tben that the House of Lords should throw out the Budget.We never heard any outcry about"robbery and confiscation," and let her remind her audience that the Tories took out of their pockets no less than £40,000,000 a year more than the Liberals did when they lett office in 1895. The Tories did not pay their way as they went along mil they added £150,000,000 to the National debt. Since the present Government bad been in office Mr. Asquith bad paid off £47,000,000 of the National debt. Now be was asking for £16,000,000. He bad taken. £9,000,000 off in taxation so there was only £7,000,000 that he wanted. What was the money wanted for? The greater part of the extra eApenditure was for old-age pensions. (Applause.) She did not think that any money which had been spent by any Exchequer had given more happiness and comfort to the people than the money spent on old age pensions. Some people thought that because the Workhouse system was an unpopular one it must be an economical one. For every £1 spent last year in the Workhouses to relieve the inmates it cost £1 Os. 3d. to administer the money. That was the most extravagant system they could devise. The ratepayers were spending £15,000,000 a year for the relief of the poor. The old age pension enabled the old people tp spend the money how they liked, There was a hir: in the Pension Act which was, that the old people who had already accepted out-door relief could not be included. Some of them were moat deserving and could not help going on tbe rates. Mr. Lloyd-George in the House of Commons had said that if the Budget passed, by next April that disqualification would be removed. Continuing, she said that if the Budget was thrown out of the House of Lords, they would not only get their Budget, but they would get their way with regard to the House of Lords. Applause.) She then referred to the money to be spent- on "' Dreadnoughts." She did not agree with the extra, 'expenditure. Germany had not got all her" Dread- noughts," and she (the speaker) did not see how she was going to get the money to pay for them. We had to I have " Dreadnoughts," but before long we would come to some understanding with Germany for a curtailment of armaments. Leaving that phase of her subject, the speaker next said that a great deal of the money was for social reform. 'There would be afforestation, which would enable men to get on to the land instead of keep- lug iq the towns and swelling the ranks of the unemployed. Then roads were to he made ;and repaired and labour exchanges were to be built. The Budget attacked two monopolies in our country—and we had only two monopolies to attack—which were the drink trade vid the land monopoly. With regard to what we were getting out of the drink trade,it was a very small sum. The liquor trade told them that their monovoly was worth £150,000,000. They were paying something like £2,000,000 and now they were going to pay a little more-24d. on a barrel of beer. Whim the sugar duties were reduced it saved the brewers 144. per barrel. The brewers had raised their.prices and were making a profit of 12s. a barrel. If the brewers cried out it was perfect hypocrisy. Tbey were making a tremendous profit out of the Budget and they stood to win any way. If the Budget did not Fars they had already received extra

===== 0002601_19091113_art0176.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, November 13, 1909.

profit during the summer and they would not return it. The speaker then dealt with land. Mr. Lloyd-George's Budget was going to stop things going on as they were with respect to land. Land was to men what water was to fish—they must have it. It was in the hands of a very few people in our country Our population was 42.000,000 and the people who owned land numbered only 320,000. Was that so in other countries? In France the population was 39,000,0008nd she had an acreage of 128,000—England had an acreage of 78,000,000. After the last war in 1872 when the statistics were taken, besides the big landlords there were half a million of proprietors who owned on the average 750 acres each. Those were the big landlords. rhere were 5,000,000 proprietors who owned on the average 71 acres each, so that there were nearly 6,000,000 landowners in France. Only 14 out of i every hundred did not own land at all. Land n England was not always a monopoly. In olden times a great deal of the land was not cultivated, it was "common" land. At that time people could go to the rivers and fish and everybody who was a free man had the right to the common. When men went to the House of Commons they were called "Commoners." and to this day they talked about the House of Commons. The people who owned land in those days not only received rents but they had responsibilities to fulfil. They had. to supply the King with military men in times of war and they also had to go to battle themselves. They had to keep Royal fortresses and mend the ditches and roads. Now we had got an army expenditure of millions a year which the country had to keep up. Some of the land at one time was held by the Church who educated the people and looked after the poor. Now we had got education and poor rates. The speaker dealt in detail with the various land taxes and the plaudits of the sudience showed that they met with their approval. When they came to think of our present land policy the wonder was that the men had allowed it to go ou. The women took no responsibility of it. (Laughter.) She thought the Budget was a moderate one and in codtlusion 'appealed to the audience to do all they could for the return of Sir William Crossley to the House of Commons when the election came. (Applause.) Mrs. Jones on behalf of the Association extended their heartiest congratulations to Sir William Crossley and.his good wife and she also moved a vote of thanks to Lady Crossley for presiding and to Miss Garland for her very able speech. Miss West seconded and the motion was carried very cordially. Lady Crossley replying mentioned that they had been inundated with telegrams all day. They had received a telegram from Mr. Coningsby Disraeli who said it was a well merited honour. She thought that was very good of him. (Applause.) Up to 11 o'clock the telephone. had been in full swing, but then it refused to work (Laughter.) The company then partook of refreshments and dispersed.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0177.txt | included=true | included =====
Penketh.

CHURCH. Mtssios.-7-On Tuesday evening a mis- cellaneous entertainment was given at the above Mission. The Vicar, Rev. J. R. Jones, M.A., presided over a good audience. He Also read the connective readings. The programme comprised among lither items the following, illustrated :—Songs, " The Flight of Ages" and "Star of Bethlehem," Mr. %V. H. Ireland; "The Better Land" and "The Holy City," Miss B. Davies: "The Toilers" and "Crossing the Bar," Mr. N. Hatton ; " Asleep in the deep," Mr. A. Goulden; "The Children's Home" by Messrs. Graham and - - -

WESLEY GUILD.-At a meeting of the Penketh Wesley Guild on Wednesday evening, Mr. C. E. Parker gave a very instructive lecture on some phases of the land questlon. The lecturer dealt very thoroughly u ith the economics of the question and afterwards gave con- vincing illustrations of the great evil of the existing conditions, whereby the landowner, from no exertion of his own, unfairly reaped the benefit of the labours of the capitalists and workmen. Mr. Parker finally spoke about the great advantages that would result from the nationalisation of the land.—A hearty vote of thanks to the lecturer was accorded on the proposition of Mr Midwcod seconded by Mr. Faulkner. - -

DEATH. OF A SANKEY LADY.—The death took place on Monday evening of Mrs. Long, late of Manley House, Great Sankey, at the residence of her son, Mr. Ralph Long, Highfield-avenne. Mrs. Long, was the widow of the late Mr. John Long, had resided in the parish for about sixteen years and during that period had made a large circle of friends. She had attained the ripe old age of 76 years,and had for a number of years been a regular attendant at St. Mary's Church, Great Sankey.—The funeral took place on Thursday at Hill Cliffe, the Rev. J. R. Jones, Vicar of St. Mary's, Great Sankey, officiating. The funeral cortege left Highfleld Avenue, Sankey, the residence of her son, Mr. Ralph Long, with whom the deceased lately resided. Among the mourners were :—Messrs. John wainwright, Edward Wainwright, Ralph Long, Ernest Long., Alfred Long (sons), Mrs. Walters (daughter) of New Ferry, Joseph Wainwright, Ernest Long, .1 osiah Long (grandsons) ; Mrs. Davies, of Bromboro (grand-daughter); M. Wainwright and E. Long (daughters-in-law); Mr. E. Davies, Bromboro, Miss S. G. Bell, Bromboro, Mr. E. J. Roberts, Denbigh. Wreaths were sent by Ted, Mary and Family, Clarrie and George, Ernest and Miriam, S. J. Bell, Jack and Family, Martha and Maggie, Ralph, Emily and Family, Mr. and Mrs. W. Furness, Alfred, Lizzie and Family, and the Crosfleld

===== 0002601_19091113_art0178.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

ALLEGED THEFT AT WIDNES. COPPER PLATES AND CHALK MARKS.

At Viiclo-e-;: OIT--life-riday, Job Dykes, marine-store dealer, Waterloo-road, Widnes, was charged with steal- ing and receiving two large copper plates, weighing 180Ib., and valued at £7, the property of the Liverpool Silver and Copper Company.—Supezintendent Strickland said that on the evening of the 15th of last month twenty plates of copper were seen safely in the deposit seed at the works. At 9.45 the same evening the watchman, while on his round, placed a chalk mark on the foremost plate, but some time later he found it missing. A search was made, and six plates were found to have ilisappeared. On the morning of the 23rd information led to the police finding four of the plates bidden on the Marsh, Widnes. They were left there, and on the morning of the 27th two men named Carter and Dunn were arrested whilst trying to take them away. These men were afterwards committed to the Liverpool Assizes.—Subsequent inquiries revealed the fact that Dykes consigned nine bags of scrap and copper to a firm of dealers in Newcastle. A representa- tive of the firm went up there, and from a letter sent to the police Dykes was iitrested. Amongst the bags of scrap the two missing plates were found, each broken up into eleven pieces.—The accused denied the theft, but said nothing about the receiving.—Bail was granted in the sum of £4O and two of £2O, and a remand sanc- tioned for a week. RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS. '

The fortnightly meeting of the above Guardians was held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday. Mr. T. Baxter presided and there were also present :—Messrs. J. Spruce, J. Hallows, T. Wood, S. Woodward, J. B. Chadwick, C. E. Linaker, jun. T. Wright, .1. H. Davies, G. Egerton Warburton, G. Vining, H. Mynekyme' NV. M. Morris, A. Broome, T. Nixon, J. Turner, with the clerk (Mr. G. F. Ashton), the deputy clerk (Mr. NV. E. Hough), Thomas Cook, W. de Prez and J. Pearson (relieving officer), and the master (Mr. A. J. Parsons). The Clerk of the Peace wrote stating that the standing Joint Committee of the County had fixed the Workhouse of the Union as the place of detention for children and young persons and decided to allow the sum of one shilling per day to the Guardians of the Union. The Clerk said that not long ago the Board agreed to take children into the Workhouse at a cost of main- tenance which the County Council could arrange with other Unions. Mr. Morris: The question is, how long, have they to be detained? The Clerk : They ore detained according to the order for detention. The motion was carried. _ . .

Mr. Spruce said that he number of inmates for the week was 176, compared with 178 the corresponding date last year. Vagrants relieved were 65 compared with 61 the corresponding week last year. Owing to the pressure in the male side of the house all the beds were occupied, and they had had to make arrangements with the doctor of the hospital to draft the old MO infirm men there so as to reduce the pressure for the time being. The m!nutes were approved.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0179.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

REMARKABLE MOTORING. INCIDENT AT ST

HELENS.

The St. Helens magistrates were occupied for a con- siderable time on Monday bearing a charge of driving a motor-car at a speed. dangerous to the public against John Roberts, motor engineer, of Cook-street, Leigh. Constable Jones siid that aboyit five minutes to eleven on Sunday night, October 31 he saw a motor- car coming down Croppers-hill and along Westfield- street at a terrific speed. It wou)d be going 30 miles an hour. Other constables corroberated, and Police-officer Broughton stated that the car ran into a tramcar. He alleged that the occupants of the car were under the influence of drink, and that the lamps were in Such a poor state that it was impossible to make out the number as the car was travelling. The tram driver and tram inspector gave evidence, and said that the car dashed into the end of the tramcar with such momentum that the tramcar, which weighed between eight and ten tons, was knocked off the rails. Mr. Hayward said that he bad conducted a good many cages, but this was one of the most difficult be had had for a longtime. Defendant was charged with an offence at a specific place, and then evidence of all kinds was brought aeroust him which had nothing to do with the charge. He protested against the manner in which the case had been brought, and said that it had been over- loaded, and that the witnesses had been asked ques- tions which were not proper to put to anyone. Defendant and three other witnesses dented the exces- sive speed. ' The magistrates said that they would deal only with what had happened in Westfield-street, and imposed a fine of £5 and costs.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0180.txt | included=true | included =====
MOSELEYS

"MADE IN A MINUTE."

===== 0002601_19091113_art0181.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOD

Is a delightful food of peculiarly appetising flavour for Infants, Invalids, and others requiring concentrated but easily assimilated nourishment. Absolutely pure, and thoroughly cooked. Moseleys Food is soluble, readily digestible and economical. Children brought up on it have healthy firm flesh and sound bone. For Invalids and convalescents its recuperative properties are most remarkable. Thousands cf unsolicited testimonials can be seen by any interested party.

FOODS LIMITED, Dept. W.E., Stockport.

INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE of GOUT AN RHEUMATISM by EADE'S PILLS.

APPROVED BY DOCTORS ! ! Durham Villa, Park-road, Hythe, Kent, June 12th, 1908. Dear Sir,—For the past years I have been troubled with Gout in my right big toe joint, and suffered great pain until I was told pf your Gout Pills by a friend of mine, and determined .to try them. But I cannot allow this opportunity to pass without writing you to express ruy admiration at their quick ana efficient treatment, and I SHALL NEVER BE WITHOUT THEM. I am a dispenser of 31 years' standing, and in all my dispensing these many 'years I havelailed to find anything do me good so quickly. The senior partner of my firm of doctors, I may say, approves of them. You are at liberty (fully) to make any use you like of this letter. Yours faithfully, EDWARD D. CULL, Dispenser. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottle ls. lid. and 2s. 9d. or sent post free for stamps or P.O.by the proprietor, GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell toad London.

EUMATIC PILLS.

Cithasailmalawaligletvasulloassloabak mu at P HELP YOURSELF I in the most practical of all ways by getting rid at once and for ever of that stomach and liver trouble which is doing so much 0 to make your life miserable and 'useless. Remember that the • state of your digestive organs determines the state of your Igeneral health, and upon health your prosperity largely depends. Help yourself therefore to health, wealth, and happiness 4

===== 0002601_19091113_art0182.txt | included=true | included =====
WRITE FOR FREE SAMPLE.

EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

PLEDGING STOLEN GOODS.

Mary Jane Bartley, a woman who spends her time between St. Helens and Earlestown, was dealt with at the St. Helens Police Court on Monday on three charges of theft. In the first case it was stated that on the 9th and 12th of March the woman was with a man, who threw her a pair of boots out of the shop, and she went away with them. Later they were pledged at Earlestown. The Chief Constable complained of the conduct of the manager of Mr. Evett's pawnshop at Earlestown, who bad been seen three times immediately after the boots were pledged, but denied having them. Prisoner had been convicted thirty times, seven of stealing, and others of loitering at Leigh, Warrington, Salford, Liverpool, Manchester, Stalybridge, &c. The woman was sentenced to two months on each charge—six months altogether; and the bench disallowed the expenses of Evett's manager. "HAYDOCK WOMAN'S SHOCKING DEATH.

• On Wednesday, at Burtonwood, Mr. S. B.ighouse inquired into the death of Edith Cook, aged 42, the wife of Herbert Cook, a labourer, of Haydock, who was found shockingly mutilated on the railway near the Bold sidings on Sunday morning.—The husband, who had only identified the body three-quarters of an hour before the inquest, said he 'last saw her alive at seven o'clock on Saturday night, between Collins Green and Earlestown. She left him saying she did not know whether to go to St, Helens or Earlestown. When he went home she was going towards the station. He got home about eleven o'clock but she did not turn.up. He told Police Constable Sinclair either on Saturday or Monday, that she had not come back, but he thought she had gone to her mother's in Staffordshire.—The Coroner said he knew something about the case. In August last he held an inquest on the woman's son, who was found drowned in the canal at Haydock. She was then censured by the jury for her conduct towards the boy, it being alleged that she had told him to go out of the house and not let her see his face again, while she and the stepfather were subsequedtly prosecuted for cruelty at Newton.—The inquest was adjourned for a week in order that a post-mortem examination might be made. STREET BETTING AT HAYDOCK. REMARKABLE CASE.

John Harrison, a single man, of Haydock-lane Haydock, was -charged at the Newton Petty Sessions on Thursday, with street betting in Clipsley:lane and Cooper-lane, Haydock. Mr. E. A. White prosequted, and Mr. J. W. Knowles defended. Mr. White stated that on October 29th, Police- constable Sinclair saw ten men, four women and a boy, each hand the defendant a slip of paper and money. The defendant occasionally moved out of sight, and on several occasions another man named John Cross made signals to him, and Harrison then came out again. The officer at length made his appearance, and when he was 'observed Harrison banded several slips of paper to Cross, who ran away. Harrison then rushed at the officer and struck him a violent blow in the face, and tried to run away. The officer, however, gave chase, and after he bad received several more blows he suc- ceeded in overpowering the man. On being searched lit the police station a slip relating to beta on horses which were running that day was found on him. There was also a memorandum book containing betting transactions. The defendant had £6 lls. 71d. in his pockets while the transactions amounted to £3O 16s. 2d. When charged the defendant said he was only settling up for the previous day. Mr. White pointed out that it was equally an offence to settle up for betting as to loiter for betting,alihough it was not so before the last Act was passed. The bench retired, and on their return the Cha'rman (Colonel Wood) intimated that they had decided to convict. -

Mr. White said he would prove a previous conviction against Harrison. Mr. Knowles objected on the ground that the informa- tion did not charge his client, that that was a second offence. It was not a matter to smile about. He was right in his objection. The Clerk (Mr. Greenell) : lam against you there. Mr. Knowles: You might t,ake a note of my objection. The Clerk was then sworn, and he proved by the court register a previous conviction in 1007. Harrison was fined .£l5 and costs. A charge of assaulting the police was withdrawn. J‘ihn Cross, of Clipsley-lane, Heydock, was fined 40s. and costs for aiding and abetting Harrison.

"EXAMINER" OFFICE. PRINT THE LARGEST POSTER

IN THE TOWN.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0183.txt | included=true | included =====
BY TAKING

the finest of all stomach, liver, and kidney medicines— BEECHAM'S PILLS. This is a bit of excellent advice as the experience of hundreds of thousands of sufferers can testify. If you want to get on in the world, if you want to enjoy life, if you want to be strong, sunny and successful take

===== 0002601_19091113_art0184.txt | included=true | included =====
BEECHAM'S

PILLS.

Sold everywhere in boxes, price 1/1i (56 pills) & 2/9 (168 pills).

===== 0002601_19091113_art0185.txt | included=true | included =====
-01

i 1 ka b

And we will rroduce a char;ning Hand Colored Nliniature in a Dainty

olleJ Gold Pendant for ills lost Free /S Fullest satisfaction guaranteed atvl

ritutu returned uninjured. TIRITISH & ORIENTAL DEPOT 1304% 132, OCCan sL, South

ENORMOUS SUCCNSS I I The one and only Practical Machine. THE

The Key to Good Coffee • \WI IS SYMINGTON 9 S Coffee Essence No other fssence can make such a delicious, 9' refreshing beverage

- Send - - Us - - Your - Photograph s ~

===== 0002601_19091113_art0186.txt | included=true | included =====
,

This clever and ingenious invention does away with the obnoxious habit of licking stamps. envelopes, &e. A long.felf, want fulfilled at last. selling in thousands. No. I size, price 6d. each; post free, 7d. Postal orders. No stamps. Agents wanted. Good prats. Terms on application.— MACHINE SALES, 19 Old Queen Street, Westminster, London. S.W.

THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY. THERAPlONTlitssuccesstul po- pular remedy. used in continental Hospitals by 12.1 cord, R ostan, Jobert,Vel_p- eau & others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for irnnurityofblood,spots,blotches,pain &swellingofjoints, kidney, bladder & urinary diseases, stricture, dischattes, piles, gravel,painsin back, gout,rheumatism.exhaustion, sleeplessness, &c. Three forms, Nos.l, 2& 3, according to diseases. Price 2/9 (particulars id. stamp) post free in Great Britain from The Le Clerc Medicine Co, Haver. stock Road.Hanau stead. Lumina, & principal Chemists.

THIS VERY SMART BECOMING HAT is trimmed full and stylish with glace silk in black, navy or brown, and we offer it at the marvellous price of 4/11. Send postal order at once to The Bonnet Box,l 31 HOPE STREF.T, HANLEY, STAFFS, and this beautiful hat will be sent, carriave psid and carefully packed, to your address by return.

SAL VOM (REGT.) THE GERM DESTROYER. For Consumption and Tuberculous Diseases. B. B. Writes :--` Should not be living but. for Salvoin: W. T.—' Your rcagic Pills,' etc. PACKET. 2/9. THE SALVOM SYNDICATE, NORTH END, CROYDON.

UNIQUE OFFER.

GUARANTEED BRITISH MADE.

~ted IR-inch , with handles and eet, for 3%. 3d.

We will send CARRIAGE PAID either of these articles (OR THE TWO FOR 4/3) on hearing from you, together with our offer of a special FREE GIFT. Your money returned in FULL if not satisfied. We will also Replace FREE OF CHARGE any article arriving damaged, if returned at once. SEND P. 0.0. (NOT STAMPS) TO THE TARA MANUFACTURING Co., 73, Petherton Road, Canonbury, LONDON, N.

.• _.„.40,07.F. '-?7**2.;..^.:7A-7 --.!•-,..--:.,- 1 .. . ' ;.;,',..':;.‘f.i44,-4).,., f-TA • \,'"-----:6;••,-- Tv , ---;:e-' - • • -03 _..- --... ,_..._

; ,• 7. ' , ~.. ; \ 111:11: \ 1 '4.,„1,- '''..i-c---- '''---- - ) 1: !... :::?.! A .i, :c. :. ~.. . • y t.../.! j. ~...;. •4le 4' ''4'; 1 .111.7. , ,'• '-' if.;,: .. ' ';'*11(:(1- ' i1.,.._„, :1-,,, - ~;•;4., .:..i ".• t,.." •:..:,_!.A ._:;`,.t;',%-i-.,%,., ' ~ ..., tr Hanctsome Fif tel Croro Me Grain Heavy Nickel-rlatr Bap:. 7 inches long, for is. 3d. Waiter, ,i th 1-

===== 0002601_19091113_art0187.txt | included=true | included =====
The Scottish Concert.

Sir,—As a north countryman allow me to protest against the Warrington Caledonian Association's posters displayed everywhere over the town, " Under distirtguished patronage." Indeed ! When did Scotchmen learn to go hat in hand to the" Trade ? " Such posters are an insult to every self-respecting SCOT.

. . .. 4,,. ters - ea. 1;.,, Lll, (1,5.-, • , , -.., h':::4.r. -'., , ,•,' lyt to the . i -. ._.,. EDITORA) , ............ • • • ...."," .." ." "." " " " l',a. --____llt 'e) - " • . , .

===== 0002601_19091113_art0188.txt | included=true | included =====
The Smell That Kills.

Sir.—l was pleased to read in your last Saturday's issue the remarks which Alderman Burton made at the meeting of the Property Owners Asscciation about the nuisance which exists in the Longford district when he said in reply to one of the members that in his opinion thematter would be shortly dealt with. On Sunday morning I was riding through Longford. and While I am not prepared to say the effluvia which pervaded the air was enough to kill " Old Harry," still,l would certainly say it was most obnoxious even to apasser-by, but to the residents it must be almost intolerable. Surely the Health Authorities which ought to have the public health and sanitation at heart will do something to remedy this evil. Thanking you in the anticipation of publishing this letter.—Yours &c.,

H. G. BRANDWOOD. 26, Percy-street, Warrington.

Women's Suffrage and Political Violence. Sir,—At a recent quarterly meeting at Caidiff, the Council of the National 'Union of Women's Suffrage Societies to which the Warrington Women's Suffrage Society is affiliated, passed the following resolutions :- 1. That the Council of the National Union of Women's Suffrage Societies strongly condemns the use of violence in political propaganda, and, being con- vinced that the true way of advancing the cause of /women's suffrage is by energetic law-abiding propaganda, re affirms its adherence to 'constitutional I principles, and instructs the Executive iCommittee of the Societies to communicate this resolution to the press 9

"That while condemning methods .of violence, the Council of the National Union of Women's Snffrage Societies also protests most earnestly against the manner in which the whole Suffrage agitation has been handled by the responsible Government.— YGurs &c.,

E. J. MASSY, President of the W.W.S.S. L. F. WARING, Hon. Sec. of the W. W.S.S.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0189.txt | included=true | included =====
" A Nation in

Sir,—Will you kindly allow. me to reply 'eery briefly to certain letters in your issue of October, 30th. E.V.W. says "A. nation in arms is a depraved ideal." He prefers, I suppose, the simple plan of paying some- body else to protect him and his, or to relying once more on the willing horse. Or is it that be would like to have a nation without arms at all,as is evidently the wish of the gentleman with the grandiloquent, Latin title who says frankly that he hopes the Kaiser, will come and sit upon us. We can afford not to take such remarks seriously because the number of people -who would be prepared to band over Great Britain to Germany, provided they could fill their own pockets, is infinitesimal. Your correspondent who wishes for the peaceful German- Invasion has no real knowledge of German methods if he thinks our people would take kindly to them. The German nation is far more disciplined and organised than our own and regulations which pass by them unnoticed will be intolerable to us. That the social evils in our Midst are serious few; will deny. We are not, however, going to make them; less by becoming weak and therefore becoming insecure. In fact in becoming strong we shall gain that strength which jamn itself such a powet ful remedy against social disease. Let us be strong in order that in peace and security we may be able to worry out the social problems which surround us.—Yours -GEORGE CROSFIELD. ; "Ex,"]

'This correspondence must now cease.—ED.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0190.txt | included=true | included =====
The Needs of the Infirmary.

Sir,—ln your current issue there will doubtless appear a report of the meeting held at the Infirmary' on Monday last, and I would earnestly direct the attention of your readers to the resolutions which Airere then adopted and to the arguments put forward in their support. • Apathy is often the result of failure to appreciate the work which is being done, and the Board of Management cordially invite personal visits to the Institution as the best means of bringing home to the people of Warrington and District the nature of .the great services which are daily being rendered in the alleviation of suffering. The enthusiasm of all connected with the manage-i meat is most remarkable but is it surprising ?' Association with the work done makes one realise, as nothing else can, that there are thousands, who, from want of means, would otherwise be absolutely! denied that surgical advice and treatment which those more fortunately situated command as a matter of course: and regardless of expense when they themselvis are the sufferers: Think of the hundreds of cases of appendicitis, growths, accidents, nnd other terrible: afflictions which must be experienced amongst a large population like ours. The Infirmary is a charity which ought to stand the first of all, a charity five from any pauperizing influence, and one which returns its supporters the most substantial value for their money. As a result of the meeting on Monday last there is already a notable increase in tile pumber of £lO 10s. subscribers. I earnestly appeal to everyone to come forward and assist in the work, and at the same time I venture to express the hope that subscribers will measure the extent of their generosity by the excep, tional character of the work for which this appeal is made.

In conclusion I would make this general appeal to

your readers. Do not wait hr a peisonal application, but write at once to the Treasurer or Secretary at the Infirmary and advise him the subscription you will be prepared to give, be the amount large or small.— Yours faithfully,

W. PETER RYLANDS.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0191.txt | included=true | included =====
Christian Charity Through Holy Trinity Spectacles.

Sir,—Perhaps it may be worth while to place before your readers the enclosed extract from" Holy Trinity Magazine." It shows a great deficiency in the Christian charity of tbe editor of that Magazine and a great want of hope and faith in the success of his cause, in fact, it shows that. the power of the three cardinal virtues" Faith, Hope and Charity" is at a very low ebb with him, In denouncing temperance reformers and including with them all who are not Churchmen he seems to forget the time when the Bishop of Liverpool stood alone of all beneficed clergy in Warrington on the Temperance platform in the Parr Hall, the whole of the Warrington clergy having apparently gone over bag-and-baggage to the Trade. I love the dear old Church of England which has weathered many a storm but, if this is sample of the Christian charity of the Warrington clergy they are doing their best to make Churchmen and Churchism stink in the nostrils of all fair-minded people. Let the editor of the Holy Trinity Magazine before he indites another fillipic against his fellow Christians turn to and read the 13th chapter of the first epistle to the Corinthians.—l remain yours, &c.

PHIL SQUOD.

The extract quoted is as follows : THE COMING ELECTION. "It is just as well that ,we should be on our gucird in view of the many doubtful things tbat are apt to be done at election times. It is surprising how much religious activity is aroused in certain circles when preparation for the contest begins. At the last election, the religious meetings at Parr Hall, with the addresses on Socialism, ending in a special address to workingmen on the subject, on the eve of the election, created quite an impression ,that religious emotionalism of the people was being exploited for party purposes. And the fact that the meetings ceased at once when the election had taken place, seemed to confirm the Impression. Of course' all this may have been quite unintentional ; but we would point out to all promoters of such meetings, the advisability pt having their special religious efforts in a way to avoid all suspicion of ulterior motives. It is sinfortunate also that special revivals of interest in the temperance question usually take place,

when an election is looming in the distance. A little more discretion in carrying on the work we feel sure would not be at all inimical to the Temperance cause. Unhappily the religious aspect of the Temperance movement as carried on by some has been seriously discounted since it came out that all the expense of the legislative reforms proposed are sought to be got out of the publican without any contribution at all from the

ho-called Temperance Reformer. We doubt not but that the hat will be going round for the support of these and similar efforts under the plea of unsectarianism. But it is quite time that Churchmen at any rate should take care that none of their money went into unsectarian coffers, as th* have no guarantee at all that the motley they give will not be used in a way detrimental to the Church's interests. When they give their money to unsectarianism, they give it to some- thing that is pledged to nothing. tinsectarianism has no standard of belief, no standard of owner- ship, and we are not sure about it, standard of conduct."—" Holy Trinity Magazine."

===== 0002601_19091113_art0192.txt | included=true | included =====
AVM

s."

NATIONAL SERVICE LEAGUE.

Annual Prize Distribution.

THE POLICY AT THE GENERAL ELECTION.

The annual prize distribution to the Winners of the shooting competition in connection with the Warring- Division of the National Service League took place on Wednesday evening in Crosfield's Dining Hall. About 120 sat down to a very enjoyable supper. Captain G. R. Crosfield presided and he was supported by Major Strachan (organising secretary for Lancashire), Captain Layton and Mr. J. H. Smethurst. After supper the prizes were distributed by Mrs. F. A. Frost. The toast of the " King " having been honoured on the proposition of the CHAIRMAN, Mr. FROST submitted the toast of" President of the League-Field-Marshal Lord Roberts." Mr. Frost gave a short sketch of Lord Roberts' life, and said that he bad done more than his share of work for his country and people, and that it was time he had a rest. There was one man in the country who differed from that opinion very strongly, and that was Lord Roberts himself. He had won many victories, and now he said that every man should be taught to use a rifle, to know how to defend himself and his home if called upon, and to have some idea of discipline. Continuing, the speaker said that the use of a rifle ought to be such a part of a man's education as the use of a needle ought to be for a woman. It would do a man no harm, but good, and be would mit with others on an equal footing. In case of war we were all equal, just as we were at the time of death. He could not see the slightest objection to it as it worked in other countries. Their proposals were that young men between the ages of 18 and 22 should receive four months training and for two years after- wards put in a certain number of drills and a few days in camp. Concluding he hoped that Lord Roberts' ambition would be realised and that the National Service League proposals would be in force and then he would have accomplished anotber victory. The toast was drunk to musical honours the company rising and singing " For he's a jolly gooefellow." Mrs. Frost then distributed the prizes to the following : CIVILIAN COMPETrI'ION.-1, F. Garside, 30, silver cup; 2, J. Hartley, 27, pair bronze horses; 3, B. Crompton, 27' cardS table; 4, J. Sankey, 27, cruet. MILITARY COM Pr.rmos.-1, A. Adams, 32, Challenge Cup and clock, 2nd time in 4 years, presented by Col. R. Walker; 2, P. D. Gardiner, 30, medal; 3, C. W Bowyer, 29, case of carvers; 4, J. Lloyd, 28, cruet; 5, R. Done, 27, clock; 6, T. Libbiter, 27, medal. OPEN COM PETITIOV.-1, J. W. Plinstoo, 33, challenge cup and medal (2nd time in succession), presented by Mr. T. H. Lyon; 2, E. Howard, 32, cruet 3, J. Allardice, 30, brass stool and cruet; 4, H. Potts, 30, umbrella; 5, R. Thompson, 29, pipe case and pouch • 6, J. Done, 29, clock; 7, T. Taylor, 29, boots; 8, J. W. Elliot, 18, drapery ; r. 9, F. Bennton, 28, pipe; 10, A. E. Longsbaw, 28, cruet.. Having finisbed this task Mrs. FROST said: I feel highly honoured in having been asked to distribute the prizes to-night I congratulate you all. You are not the only people who have won prizes. I won a prize once at the Appleton Rifle Club, but to be honest with , you I never hit the target. Still I got a prize: because Imy side won. I did not contribute a shot towards it. ( Laughter and applause). Captain CROSFIELD proposed the health of Mr. and Mrs. Frost. Be said it helped them enormously in their work when ladies like Mrs. Frost came down. Their work was a difficult one because they had been sunk in security for so long that people imagined that nothing could happen to us. However, people were beginning to waken up. gii.t the next election it would no doubt be the case of the Budget; but they hoped that at the election after the next, the country would be sufficiently prepared for Lord Roberts' scheme becoming the law of the land. (Applause). Mr. FROST briefly replied. Mr. J. H. S ETIKIRST proposed the health of " The President of tint local division-Mr, T. H. Lyon." He did not think it was possible to have a gentleman more suited to the position than Mr. Lyon. He was an example which many country gentlemen might copy. It was always a pleasure to see how Mrs. Lyon welcomed them at the Hall every year. Possibly that might be another inducemrit for Captain Crosfield to take to, himself a wife. (Laughter).

, The toast was honoured cordially. Major STRACHAN said that he bad been addressing many meetings lately upon their proposals and from the drawingrooms to the workshop he bad found any amount of enthusiasm. But that was not enough for they would never succeed until they could convince their great politicians that adherents were coming in much more frequently from all over the country. His firm conviction was that if their proposals were made .law to-morrow they would be received by the people in a better manner than compulsory education. Con- tinuine, be said that out of 41 years in the Army he had spent 18 years in India with Lord Roberta and he did not leave the country until he became the champion shot of the British Army in India. Concluding, be said that rifle shooting was an education for them and it benefited both mind and body. (Applause.) _

Captain CROSFIELD proioseci the toast of "The Donors of the prizes, the Artistes, and the Shooting Committee and Mr. Ball" (the secretary who was res- ponsible for the arrangements that evening. 1 He said that at the next election they were going all over the .country to the various candidates of Parliament, and were going to give them such tangible evidence as they could of the way the . ground had been prepared for 'them. They were going to them with the list of the 'members, associates and adherents of the League. There were already 1300 adherents to the League in Warrington. (Applause.). During the evening the following contributed items: The Apollo Quartette (consisting of Messrs. N. W. Cook, J. Gittens, W. Critchley and L. Auckland), Mr. J., W. Willett, Mr. L. Auckland, Miss Carrie Hastings. *Messrs. A. and H. Graham were in charge of the gramo- phone. Mr. W. Pemberton acted as the pianist.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0193.txt | included=true | included =====
PALACE AND HIPPODROME.

The first visit to Warrington of Mr. Arthur Roberts :the famous London cemedian, has proved a great success. Mr. Roberts' name has long been synonymous with hilarity, and the sketch he is now producing:at Warrington fulfils all expectations. It is called "The Importance of being another rnan's wife" and is written by another well-known comedian, Mr. Harry Pleon. The characters are Fitzawful Smith, a Masher Mr. Arthur Roberts Major Thunder, Retired Sammy, his son • Mrs. Green Miss Barry Eldon Martha Kitty Masham, Mrs.Ehunder's Sister Miss Ida Furneaux

Mrs. Thunder Miss Ruby Celeste

Scene—Mr. Thunder's Flat, London.

Fitzawful Smith appears on the'scene without any preliminary announcement, and his arrival at the flat while only Mrs. Thunder is at home turns out rather inopportune. Some very funny scenes follow, in the course of which Mr. Roberts makes an inimitable appearance in feminine garb and evokes roars of laughter in the by-play with Major Thunder and Dirs. Green. The ladies' parts are all well- taken and it can be said with sincerity that there is not a dull moment in the sketch. Adams and Ward have specialised as acrobatic comedians, and their turn is notable for originality, cleverness and humour. Mr. and Mrs. Harold Finden present a sketch in which husband and wife are seen at daggers drawn. Both say some amusing things, and the disagree- ment terminates in a very laughable farce. Edie Reynolds plays very tastefully on the violin; and Harry Breezy, the eccentric sailor, sings a popular ditty. Grace Hunt and Edith St. Clare are smart comediennes, the latter earning hearty applause in the role and garb of a principal boy. H. D. Adams, the juggling page boy, is one of the smartest followers of Cinquevalli seen on the stage for some time, and should go far in his profession. He possesses dexterity and co4dence to a marked degree, and no juggling feat should he impossible to him in course of time.

For next week's programme, Jack Lane, familiarly known as" The Yorkshire Rustic "is announced. Another popular item will doubtless be that of Orpheus, instrumentalist, described as a master of melody. There are also announced : Rose D'Aulby, chorus vocalist • Woodhouse and Wells, comedians and dancers; Nancy St. John, comedienne; James Curry, comedian • Sisters Carlton. duettists and dancers, and the Weiniars, speciality artists, and the Palace pictures.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0194.txt | included=true | included =====
DISAPPEARING OLD WARRINGTON.

THE BACK OF MESSRS. SHAW'S LATE PREMISES IN BRIDGE-STREET.

ROYAL COURT THEATRE. "The Prodigal Son."

, The return visit of this dra—ma has proved a powerful attraction at the Royal Court Theatre, for although "The Prodigal Son" is not a great play, the fact that it is the creation of ?Jr. Hall Caine—a stage adapta- tion of one Of his nbvels which had an immense vogue a few years ago—seems to be sufficient to commend it to the average play-goer. It is a sordid story depict- ing ugly phases Of life, the only redeeming feature being that the prodigal, after a faithless and dissolute course, comes to his senses in the-last act and attones to some extent for his wrong-doing. The public therefore consoles itself with the fact that the moral is a good one—and that is sup- posed to cover a multitude of sins. Mr. George D. Day's company gives a capable production, Mr. Elliot Ball being exceptionally good as the rugged, long-suffering Magnus. His manly bearing and, rare elocutionary gifts eminently fit him for the part and he proves a great favourite. The difficult Ole of Oscar is in the hands of Mr. Scott Leighton and although he is not a sufficiently ardent lover as to appear a formid- able rival to Magnus, he is more convincing in the later stages of the play and wins rounds of applause for his forceful acting in the trying scene when he forsakes the temptress Helga. Miss Isla Garnet Vayne gives effective portrayals of Thora and Elin 'and Miss May Beatrice is clever in the unenviable part of Helga. The other characters are capably sustained and the play is well mounted. The orchestra, under 'Mr. Norman Latham's conductorship, gives sbme bright selections in pleasing style. .

===== 0002601_19091113_art0195.txt | included=true | included =====
For Next Week.

MISS SILVIA MAY, As " SONIA" IN TILE "MERRY WIDOW."

I::: .....•::::;X:i:i:i:E§:::i;i:::i:i:if::i::::;i:;:;:i:K::.:::.::::::::.:K::••;i:i.::::::::::::::::::::i*:::.:::*i*::::::::if:**K:. ' :::::::.::::::::::::.:::::::::::::::::::.:::::::::::::•:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::•i,:::::.?:.:if:*.:::::*iii:i*::;;C::*:::*i*:::::::::::::::: ... :.:;:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::,:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::;::::*::;::;*,:f.::::::::::::::::::•::::::::::Si:::::::::::::::*:::*i ............-...................................• ...• ... ••:•••.%.••:',..'W. • 1:•:::::.:•::::::::i::,i..•if:::..•i::::::::$::::::'::*: :.•::::.:::::::0:::M.:::#•::4..,...:*::*::::::-:i:::::i.:::::::.i:ii?v:Eiii:iiiiii:i45::iiiii .-..r..:::..:.:••:,...5-:.•:::::.:::::.:.:i:iiiii;.. :;•:-0::::::.::::;ii:::.:•::a7;i*Wiin:Mi. .-- „..* .....,:i•--,"•?'.:%:•:::::••••••:'•:::::V:Vxri;i*iis•:::i :::::::.;:.•:-..i0::::;:::i, :,,:.!:.i:.%.'..:.:.',.7.F..iiii:r*-:-.;•:,.:.::•::.::;...::::0I;ii:..:*.ii!:,...::::::i :::::'•::'.:::::::::% /::'....•••••••-- :•:,':i:::::iftw .4::... :,.•:•:. • :-/•:•:-::*:::- :i::::::::::R. :-:: ::::.,..:.:::::::::::::* ...,:- ..-:.- s:A:"::::::::::•:•:•:•:•.•:,:::: • ,c,....,:•:- -•:•:•:... ..... ......... .. i;:::;:.•]::,:.:J:Uri:K::::i:':!,..".".:::;::::-,:::::i:";,:. •:',:::: •::I:i:i?i::',liii :?::::.::::.:i*•:-.:•:-..!:-WtWil,:,...• ...:r, -..,:1.:•i•-.li*: ,iit:iig••••':::: vaellfit ::..:i.::::.•::.*X......,i:".•:0-4;e;....i:,::::-:•.... • .•::.Wii:::::::::::':::i•r:7!..1?:::);:'::.1: •:•:•:••.•:•:•:••..x.:•:•••••••:••••••••.-:•.• •:•.• : .."...'.......:.:•:."::•:::::;::::''''.::::::*:.: • • ::;:i•ki:),,,,..‘,..ve...x.-: :•:•:•:•:.:•:-:•:•:•:.%;:;:::.,11.•:••••::•••: :•:•:•:•.•:•:•••••::::::...:•••*Mt•&%;,::::::::::::::.:*::::::4:•:s::,',:;:. •*:.:M.:::::ii:.:•:::.!:.:?:••r:7:i!.:-.••:i,Kf::.,:-'.:?. .•::.:-:::-. ::::-::::::•:::-,.::::•e•::.:::::••:•::.::::::::::-•'::::: ...................:...:.-..i.:..:••• .......: :::::: y...:•.+!:••.:•7::,::::...• •::.:....,.::::•:: • ....::::, -::::::V.a,::.:i:::ga::g*::::;:: -:7:.:..•••• .•..:i:;::..... •••••• .-.........::::::.i; ..•.... .............. .. • :......:M,•:-::::.:::::••••••••••:•:::::-............ .....<4,-....: :i....-. - ..........;'.i:;i:::::.i... -....-.... .:. - .• . . .....-::i: -,.:.:. -..,•fp....:„,..-::.;‘,......iiiii:E;;E;.ziai: , . ...... ~... .:.......,...:::::::-:,...,:::•.::::.:iii:..„:.. :.......;:i:]...::::iii.:*:.:*::iligx:E:i:iigi .:....-........ .....-:?..:.:::::::-:::::;.::::-..-:::::::::::::::*i;:::::..:,::,::::ii:ii:x.:iii:::::::,:iii:::::::•:*.ife:if:::n: -,:.:.:.::::?.::: ....t.:::•::::::::-:::::::::-;,::.:::: zi,-:::::::-;:i:::::::::::i::::i*:::::::::::.::::::*i:::"::::i.::::::*3K,Ei . f::::•:::i:.:••::. -.•-•.:•:•:. ::•:•:.:.: :. -. 9-',:iiiii.,:iau:' '.:i:.;::::•:. . '.:,.::::::.:::::::::•ii::::.:•::::.,:i::*i::•:?e,":. ,i,..,.....:::::::.... ...: •••••:.••:-..: .•:•%:',..:0::::::.::::::::.;;::.:'::::•::::.::::::•::?:ii.:::::iili::::•:.?::•?;::.i. r:::?4,....q...:i.,.... . ........, .•-•...:::-.•-•:•,.... .-::::::i*::::?::::::.:::::.:...::::-::::::•:i::::.•.*:::::::::::*::: ..0:*•.*:::::::.::.:::. , ....... ........•:.• •::::::, .- 4.4:i.:::iiiii:!ii::ii?s:.W.......•.:•ii::::•iiiiiii::::i. .:.:?:z:::::,-,:;<..:::g:::::-.:::::.::::::.::::t.i:...:::g::.:..!:::.....$,,:::::::::?...:c.;,:i::::::;:•••ii,:. it.::::::.:::::::;::.:::::::*::::*::::i - `....-...4,,, :::::::::•::.•:::•:::::::::::•:::::::.::::::::.:,..-•,:::i*iiii:i:i::4o•::•:i:•::iriii•iiii:-Wi.:iiiM:i ••.: -• • .:•••• • -.:::•••••••••••••••••••••••••:•:•:•:•:•:•:•:•:•:A.„. „........ ...:•:•:, .:•:,....:.:•:::::::::::,-,:.:•„4-:•:: ',:......,....•.-...., .......s. .:*::::::::::::ii:::::::.:::*:.:::::4::*:::::*:::.;1::•:- •::::::::.*.w:::i:E:.:.::::::::::A Fl : ..... :•• ....$,:„. : .;:?,;:,,..,?...::::::.::::-:::::::::•::::.::::::.:. • ,i::.:-::::::::::::::::4. i* • : ::•:::::::::,$:::::.::::•••::::::x*i:::: , ::•:::::., • .... ..-. -,:::::::-::::::::::::•:•:•:::::::::„....:•:•:•:•:•:::::::••.•::::•:- • .•:•:•:::::>?•-x-x-x:::::•z:-: , :•••,•,*;.•.:••• :••••••••'..ft:' -:::.:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::......:.:....:.:.:.• :•::;4.: '...y.......::.•:•::::•.:::::•:•:>::;!:.:.: . .i.0...i.:;',:•:.:.;;'.;j.:f... •:::g:.-•.:•.*:- g.:0.•:WM.:•:• i :Jk.:,'?•,..,csi:c.:;'. ::i.egeNiigii ii.:,:;'...fiti:•::''''',';::.:::g :44t:•.;...i:?:i:71.64:.;!P1.,:gf.:A:;g:g::::: -,:-,.......,.iitt...„_::.,.. „...:4.....4........:..,:„.„,:,::::.:::... ..-.,:::::::. ~::,,,..,..:::::::. ........„ .... .................%.:.;,....„:::::.„:„:

===== 0002601_19091113_art0196.txt | included=true | included =====
"THE MERRY WIDOW."

Next week we shall have a first visit of Mr. George Eclwardes' Excellent Company, in "The Merry Widow." The production has created a record in l'every eity and town in any part of the 14 countries now playing this remarkable Musical play. The special attractiveness of this play evidently arises from the fact that on its musical side the work is of the character .of real opera, whilst on the humorous side it partakes of real comedy the happy blending of the two going to make it a substantial success. Theatre patrons should flock in thousands next week for it will be found a capital cast in every detail. Miss Sylvia May, who sustains the part of "Sonia," "The Merry Widow," shows herself to be an artist of considerable talent. Mr. Fred Leslie, the son of the old London Gaiety Theatre favourite as "Prince Danilo," with a good voice and fine presence, togetller with a pleasing characterisation, fills the part admirably. Mr.Riply Evans as the "Vicomte," con- tributes a great vocal charm to the perfermanee by his beautiful tenor voice, and his duets with that capital " Natalie " (Miss Ada Thomas), are really a delightful feature of the play. Mr. Edward D'Arcy as "Baron Popoff," and Mr. Fred Fowler es " Nisch," keep the audience in a merry mood; these comedians are a delight in these two parts.

A representation a the "Danse D'Apache " is g'w,pn in the third act.

The plan is now open at the theatre, and seats may be booked during the times announced on our front page.

THE NEW SALOON. AND LOUNGE

Many improvements have been effected at the Royal Court Theatre since Mr. Beecham purchased it twelve months ago,but the most notable is one that is just bi3ing completed:this is a new saloon and smoking lounge,with entrance from the dress circle, which will be opened on Monday. An archway adjoins the staircase and through this is entered a /estibule from the right of which is the ladies' cloak room. Proceeding through the swing doors at the end of the vestibule the large saloon is entered which is tastefully decorated, the walls being hung with a rich old gold paper. The bar fittings and woodwork are in white and old gold, the crimson draperies affording a pleasing relief. The manager's office adjoins the bar and at the far end of the room are provided gentlemen's lavatories. The extension is a decided impr,ovement. The whole of the building, decorating and furnishing

has been effectively carried out by ,Messrs. J. M. Greenhalgh and Co., of Warrington. An entirely new electrical plant is being laid down with a system for storing the current, so that in future there will be no fear of the light failing during performances. This will be completed in a week's time. The manage- ment have also secured some exceptionally good book- ings for the winter-season, and patrons of the theatre are assured not only of comfort, but of high-class entertainment.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0197.txt | included=true | included =====
CROSS COUNTRY RUNNING.

WARRINGTON UNITED HARRIERS.

The above club had as visitors on Saturday, Runcorn Holy Trinity Harriers, to run their first club run of the season from headquarters 'The Black Horse Inn," Sankey Bridges. About 24 of he home club turned out, while only twelve of Runcorn turned out. The home team was weak, only one of the Northern team turned out while A. Willcocks the captain was ill and couldnot run. Trail was taken out by W. Boltonand W. Miller with one or two of Runcorn over seven miles of stiff country. The teams started from Hood-lane and a good race ensued. After about 43mins. two Warrington men appeared in sight, who proved to be W. Stewart who ran with splendid judgment all through winning from C. Vow (club champion) by about six yards, with E. Preece of Runcorn about 180 yards behind, 3rd. The plat:sings were as follows :—Warrington United—W. Stewart 1, C. Vose 2. J. Litherland 4, Jack Hands 5, F. Shadwell 6, total 18 points; Runcorn Holy Trinity —T. Preece 3, S. Moores 7, Dunbobbin 9, Burton 10, G. Thomas 16, total 45 points; Warrington winning by 27 points. To-day Warrington United run Rylands Bros. Harriers from Gorsey-lane at 2.30 p.m., when a novice medal will be given to the first novice home.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0198.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR CHARITY.

The Infirmary, ecc.' being -sadly in ,need Of funds, the local Cross Country Clubs have arranged to 'hold races with a view to helnand the conditions agre'ed to areas follows

.COMBINED HARRIERS ;MEET. (Under the distinguished patronage of Lady Greenall). Confined to bona-fide members of the Warrington United Harden, Rylands' Workmen's Recreation Club Harriers, St. Helens Cable Works A.C. Harriers and Warrington A.C., eligible to represent their club in, and under the rules for championships of the Liverpool and District C.C.A.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0199.txt | included=true | included =====
REams .0E COMPETITION.

Five Miles Team Race.—Contined to those who have never obtained a reward of any kind in a Cross-Conntly Championship (club events excepted). TEAMS.

That any number of members compete from each Club, the first six of each 'Club to count and the Club with the smallest aggregate to be declared the winner. Six Miles Scratch Race.—Confined to those who have obtained an award in a Cross Country Championship (Club events exoepted). ?Rms.

Team Race.—That the first man home receive a prize; that the counting six of the winning team receive a Gold Centre Medal each; that the first unplaced mart of the second club receive a Gold Centre Medal ; that the first nnplaced man of the third clob receive a Gold Centre Medal ; that the first unplaced man of the fourth club receive a gold centre medal. Scratch Race.—That the first, second, and third men receive prizes. .

===== 0002601_19091113_art0200.txt | included=true | included =====
RDG STR A TION.

That the meet be registered as approved under A.A.A. Jaws by the Northern Counties Athletic Association— Liverpool cte., District Committee.

OBJECT.

That the whole of the gate money, and the full amount without any deductions for expenses, Sco., be given in aid of the Local Medical Charities.

NOTES IN CONNLCTION.

Lady Greensll-hi-giving all the medals and prizes. Rylands Workmen's Rae Club is giving free use of their splendid grounds for November 27th. The Emergency Committee (Liverpool and District Committee) of the Northern Counties Athletic Associa- have granted a free permit. Considering the object everyone else has a duty to perform, and the sport will be good.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0201.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON A.C.

H. R. Jepson led a strong pack at a fast pace over an eight mile course in a team race which resulted as follows :

BENNETT'S TEAM.

JEPSON'S TEAM.

Pt s. I'ts. A. Siddal R.Bennett 4 J. W. Twiss 2 W. Siddall 3 G. Nicholson C. Smith F. Mounfield

The Captain's team had hsrd lines, as F. Antrobus when moms; well,ca,st a shoe and lost considerable ,time in recovering same. Whittaker also finished barefooted, otherwise the result might have been different. Twiss ran splendidly to finish within three yards of Jepson.. In the race for the fifth position W. Siddall had two yards the best of C. Smith, with F. Mounfield a similar distance off.

To-day the first round of the Points Competition takes place from headquarters, starling at 3.15 prompt.

WARRINGTCV AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. —Goals— ,

Pld. Won. Lost. Drn. For Agst. Pt E'sto'n S. Johns 5 ... 4 ... 0 ... 1 ... 16 ... 4 ... 9 Howley Wellfield Calder &Mersey 3 2 ... 1 ... 0 ... 9 ... 4 ... 4 Thelwall United 4 ... 1 ... 1 ... 2 ... 6 ... 4 N'ton Amateurs 3 ... 1 ... 2 ... 0 ... 6 ... 10 ... 2 W'lkers Brewery 5 ... 1 ... 4 ... 0 ... 4 ... 24 ... Whitecross W'gton Albions 3 ... 0 ... 3 ... 0 ... 1 ... 13 ... 0

Matches for November 13th. Warringtan "Observer" Cup.—First Round. Warrington Albions v. Widnes Wesley Guild. Prescot Wesley v. FlovrleY- Bothell Mission v. West Bank Institute. Orford Albion v. Newton-le-Willows. Prescot Athletic v. WeHeld.

Warrington and District League. Newton Amateurs v. Thelwall United. Whitecross v. Howley. Results for November 6th. Howley 6, Newton Amateurs 1. Whitecross 1, WeMeld 1. Orford Athletic 3, St. John's 3. Winwick Juniors 1, Orford Green 1.

Alb

===== 0002601_19091113_art0202.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. CROSFIELD, M.P., ON NATIONAL SERVICE.

NO BELIEF IN INVASION SCARE.

Pusentation of Bowling Prizes.

Mr. A. H. Crosfield, M.P., presented the Crosfield Challenge Cup and prizes in connection with the Warrington Bowling Association, on Thursday evening, at the Midland Hotel. About 30 sat down to a very enjoyable tea and afterwards the prize distribution and a smoging concert took place. Pending the arrival of the Member, Mr. Freeman (treasurer) presided. Mr. F. W.Upton (secretary) rend letters of apology for non- attendance from Sir Gilbert Greenall,But., Mr. Robert Pierpoint, Captain Crosfield and Councillor .1. Fulton- Smith.

Mr. Crosfield having arrived, Mr. .7. WILLETT pro- posed "The Association." Be said he was very glad to find that the Association was growing and the members intended to make it grow. He believed they intended to open out aJ4 mile radius and then they would be able to bring Leigh and other clubs down and if they could get that they could give the "Lancashire and Cheshire" a bit of a miss. (Laughter and applause). The toast was cordially drunk. Mr. G. BALL responding said they had made splendid progress this season, but it was not so fast as they should like it. This year the individual merit com- petition had been a splendid success. 1 hey had only had 8 clubs competing for that handsome cup, and he hoped there would be three times as many next season. They bad the talent and the material tending towards a good competition and he hoped all the bowlers in Warrington would aid the Council in their efforts, so that they might have one of the finest competitions in Lancashire. Tbere was no reason why they should not. (Applause). Mr. FREEMAN proposed the toast of "The President and Vice-Presidents." They all knew what an excel- lent help Mr. Crosfield bad been in connection with bowling in Warrington. There was no doubt that the Prebident had been frilly repaid for his efforts to raise bowling in Warrington to the high standard it had attained. He had been the pioneer of bowling/in this district undoubtedly. He coupled with the toast the name of Alderman John Evans.

The toast was accepted with musical honours the company singing " For they are jolly good fellows" and giving three cheers for Mr. Crosfield and Alderman Evans and a cheer for Mrs. Crosfleld and Mrs. Evans.

Mr. Crosfield responding to the toast said he was extremely sorry he had clashed two dates, but he had been engaged for a very long time past to take his wife to a most delightful concert at the Parr Hall that evening. Continuing, he said that there was always good fellowship with them all at their meetings, as there was at so many other gatherings of bowlers in Warrington. He had been very glad and had thoroughly enjoyed taking an oar in the boat along with other Warrington bowlers. He knew perfectly • well that it was only a small share that he had done in the great progress of bowls in Warrington which had been made in the course of the last 15 or 20 years, but he was sure that Alderman Evans and himself were as thoroughly and heartily glad to have seen that old English game of bowls make the progress that it had done in Warrington and district, in Lancashire and Yorkshire", and all over England, as any bowler in that room. He was doubly glad to see that the old English love of out-door recreation was still as mani- fest in our country as ever it was and anybody who considered the developments of these modern days— the crowding of our population into mighty cities and enterprising towns like ours—must realise what it meant for the physique of our country. It had always struck him that bowls was pre-eminently an accessible game for the workers—both middle class and artisan— of our country. (Applause). That was why he had felt particularly glad to see the progress of a game in which they could all meet in friendly rivalry —both old and young just as they could in golf. One of the seniors had shown that he could hold his own with the young ones. (Hear, hear). He thought that, beside the pleasure of the game it kept up the physique, of our race, and if they would, the martial spirit of the race too. He did not want to keep any of them awake that night by frightening them with the thought of an impending invasion by Germany, because frankly, he did not believe it. (Hear, hear.) He was however, strong on the question of our National and Imperial defence. He did not say that as a mere party man—he was talking to Radicals and Tories—but as a nonparty man. He believed in maintaining the defences of our insular position. We could not afford to play the idealist on a question of that kind, although he believed that in years to come there would be a check to the excessive expenditure which,he was going to say, 'had cswollen and swollen until it had now reached £100,000,000 sterling per annum. He looked forward to the day when there would be a check. He did not believe that they as Englishmen could afford to play the idealist, and he was very glad that our English games kept alive the old patriotic spirit. He hoped that they would ilever allow anything to deter that section of the popu- llition who, by their physical advantages and by their natural bent,were best fitted to serve their country by adopting a military career. On the other hand he told them frankly he had never subscribed to the doctrine that a man was a shirker if he served his country in some other way than as a soldier. He did not at all think that was the only way in which a man could well serve his country, but he did think it was a matter of para- mount importance and he sincerely hoped that War- rington would be well to the fore in support of 'the differeht branches of the forces responsible for the defence of the Empire. He mentioned that in , connection with English outdoor games because the I things hanged together and he hoped that the fighting I spirit would be directed to the defence of the Empire as far as was necessary for the purpose, and with it also that they would learn to strive for other objects in these days—for the objects that helped to push forward the country in the right direction in the great march of civilization. (Applause.) Concluding he said that the Individual Merit Competition had created good fellowship between man and man and works and works and as regarded the Association he sincerely hoped that it might grow in influence in every way, and would add to the recreation, enjoyment, and well- being of the people. (Loud applause.) Alderman EVANS in replying mentioned that he was one of the original committee that first formed the Warrington Bowling Association. Mr. Crosfield then handed the cup to Mr. A. Cleave the captain of the Bull's Head team who had had the honour of winning it for live years in succession. He alpo presented prizes to the members of the team as follows :—A. Cleave, J. W. Jolley, I'. Hackett, J. Berry, H. Williams, 11. Eyes, E. Shaw, W. Daniels, Joe Cleave, J. Swanton, W. Andrews and W. Simister. The runners up (Runcorn), were also suit- ably recognised,the following being the recipients : George Woods, R. Wilson. J. Rawlinson, W. Banner, J. Clarke, C. Woodward, R. Jakiman, C. Woods, A. Richardson, T. Woods, S. Houghton, B. Jolley. The individual merit recipients were as follows : J. W. Jolley, H. Clare, IL Langley, A. Cleave T. Davies, W. Swanton A. Shaw, A. Ford, Joe Cleave, Bothwell, J. Hardman, Weston, J. Bedworth, J. Bouldeswortb, J. Langley, George Monks. On the proposition of Mr. G. HOLBROOK and sap- ported by Mr. R.WiLsoN the health of "'rho Visitors" was bon lured. Mr. FORBES responded.

Mr. J. WILLETT moved and Mr. 11. FOGG seconded a vote of thanks to the artistes, pianist, host and hostess. Durinetbe evening a capital programme was sub- mitted. Mr. G. Humphries sang "The village black- smith," and the "Bedouin's love song" in splendid voice. Mr. A. Greenough was in good form and rendered "Mary" and" Mary of Argyle. ' Messrs. Humphries and Greenough engaged in the duet "Love and war" and received well merited applause. Mr. W. Hilton gave a comic song and Mr. J. Stanley acted as the accompanist.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0203.txt | included=true | included =====
ADJECTIVES!

Rev. A. M. Mitchell Finds Hell Here.

The Rev. A. M. Mitchell, the outspoken Vicar of Burtonwood, has an article in the current issue of his parish magazine entitled "Warrington for Christ." In the course of it he makes the following remarkable comments on the town:

"In all England there is not, perhaps, a town' of similar proportions to Warrington, and equal populution, so completely given over to social unrighteousness. For abominable smells, for awful slums, for abundance of, drink, Warrington can easily win a first prize. Its record is not goods nay, it has an evil record. Possessed of eight town Churches, with some Missions in addition, and a variety of Chapels, Warrington has gained, notwithstanding, a world-wide notoriety for intemperance, brutality, 'infant mortality, and civic rottenness. The town is so beer-sodden as to be offensive, so slummy as to be disgusting, so dirty, nauseous, and unhealthy as never to be free from epidemic, so depraved and well vaccinated as to have a death-rate of 51.*3 per thousand, in a portion of, its area, so socially, morally degraded that -the drink traffic looms _ . _ _ _ _

large On aCleast .one of its Councils and Board of Gitardians. Purge out the old leaven." After readiug the above, Warritigtonians may be Lnelined to wonder what Burtonwood is like.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0204.txt | included=true | included =====
MARKET PRICES.

WARRINGTON, WEDNESDAY.

FRESH EGGS, 5 and 6. LEMON SOLES, is. FRESH BUTTER, is 3d and COD, 6d and Bd. is 4d. PLAICE, Bd. CHEESE, 7d and Bd. LOBSTERS, 2s. CHES. RABBITS, 19 to is Id. WHITING, 6d. Fowts (couple), 4s to 4s 6d. FRESH HERRINGS, is and DUCKS (couple), 65'4.0 6s 6d. is 6d doz. POTATOES, 4s to 5s a load. 'ELLS, 10d. ENGLISH VEAL 6d to 9d. Tuaßur. is 6d. BEEF, 6d to 10d pPr lb. BRILL. Is. MUTTON, 54d to 9d per lb. MACKEREL. --- PORK, 6d to 9id. per lb., ENGLISH HARES, 45 to LAMB, 7d to 10d. per lb. 4s 6d each. FRESH HADDOCKS, 6d. PHEASANTS, 5s Gd Pe H AKE, Bd. per brace. SOLES, 2s 3d. PARTRIDGE, 4s 9d re brace. WHEAT.-45 6d to 4s 9d per 701bs. OATS.-2s 4-i4 to 2s 6id per 45 lbs. WHEAT STRAW.-32s 6d per ton. OAT STRAW.-27s Ad to 31s Ad per ton. CLOVER- HAY.—£3 15s to A 4 per toll. MEADOW HAY.—E 3 108'per ton. CATTLE.

LONDON(METROPOLITAN),THURSDA were again on a very small scale, business proving quite a nominal. DUBLIN, THURSDAY.—On sale: Beasts. 4,618; sheep, 6,614 ; calves, 52. Best cattle met with a fair trade at easier rates ; beef, 423 to 60s; Aberdeens. 620 per cwt. Lower grade slow and Irregular. SheeP dull ; muttpn, 4d to 61d per lb. Lambs met a fair trade at 26s to 32s each. Pigs in quieter demand best 54s to 58s per cwt.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0205.txt | included=true | included =====
BUTTER.

CORK, THURSDAY.—Ordinary: Firsts, 94s ; secondsi. 89s; fourths,B2s ; superfine, 100 s; fine, 89s; choicest boxes, 98s. Fresh butter from 102 s to 795.

HAY AND STRAW.

LONDON (WHITECHAPEL). TRIMS pa Y.—Trade steady. Quotations :Best clover, 85s to 955; inferior 70s to .803; specially picked hay, 85s; good, 705 tIY 80s; inferior, 55s to 65s ; mixture and sainfoin 60s to 90s; straw, 27s to 3.38 per load. FISH, GAME AND POULTRY.

MANCHESTER, THURSDAY.—Wholegale quotation are to-day as follows :—Young Australian rabbits, le,;-• ditto large furred,ls 3d to is 4d: English best trap Peer Is 9d to Is 10d; ditto shot, is 2d to Is 4d per couple' or bundle, which averages about elb. in weight. Brown bares, 2s 3d to 2s 9d; Scotch blue hares' is to is 9d each. Irish chickens, is 2d to 2s; ditto fowls' Is 4d ; ditto ducklings, Is 6d to 2s 6d each. Young Irish turkeys, 8d ; beat Irish Goslings, 6cl per lb. Young grouse, 6s; ditto, old, 3s ; young partridges, 3s 6d • old ditto, Is 9d ; pheasants, 4s to 4s 3d per brace. best Lobster, Is Od ; Aberdeen flnuons, Irsd •, Grimsby ditto. 3d ; medium soles, 18 8d; large ditto is; small halibut, 6d ; large ditto, 4d; fresh water eels, 5d to 6d ; turbot, 10d to brill. 8d per lb. Best cod, 2s; spreg• Is 6d; best English Dogger pink!, 4s 6d to ss; small ditto, 2s to 3s; skate wings, 2s; white hake, 3s 3d ; whitings' us 6d to 2s 6d; conger eels, 2s ; fresh haddock, 2s ; coalfish, 10d ; lemon soles, 6s per stone. Crabs, 38 6d per dozen. Best herrings, 4s per 100- Mackerel, 2s per score. Plenty of Irish poultry comiog now. Pheasants reasonable and in good conditiOpu Good supplies of live Scotch medium.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0206.txt | included=true | included =====
FARM AND GARDEN PRODUCE.

MANCHESTER, THußSDAY.—Potatoes : ' Yorkshire Edward's, 8s to 9s 6d; Cheshire, 5s 6d to 6s 6d ; Liac"olo 8s to 98 Gd per load (18 stone-2521b). Turnips, washed, 308 to 355; swedes. 20s to 258; carrots 708 to 80s Per ton. Onions : Valencian, 68 6d to 8s per cas,e Bedford globe, 5s to 5s 6d per cwt. ; Dutch (white),4s to 48 6dper bag. English pears, 5s to 14s per cwt. Americae and Canadian apples, 168 to 25s per barrel, English, Gs to 12s per cwt., according to qualitY.. Asparagus: Paris green, 48 to 4s 6d: sprue, I.od per bundle. French kidney beans, 5d per packet; Guernse34, 6d to-8d per lb. Outdoor grown mushrooms, 6d to indoor grown, is 2d to is 6d Per lb. Cranberries,. 103 6d per case. Haricot beans (flangelots), is per box.- • LONDON(BOROUGH SPITALFIELDS)POTATO.- -Trade fair. Quotations: Lincolns, 60s to 105 ; Bedfords, 55s to 65s ' • Kents 509 to 60s; Essex, ge' to 655; Blacklands, 50s to 55s per ton.

===== 0002601_19091113_art0207.txt | included=true | included =====
CORN.

MANCHESTER, THUMMAX.—Attendance moderate. Tone slow. gnglish wheat in poor inquiry,. but best sorts brought 6d. per quarter more money. Foreigo-' dull. Manitoba Id higher on the week and Karachi ild• Plata Indian corn Id per cents' lower. English oats, ; prime, tend upwards; foreign Id to id per bushel lower. Flour unchanged. Bran and offAls firm. Arrivals: Flour: English XX milled, 30s Gd to 315 6d English patents, 33s to 33s 6d per 48011% Oats: Cheshire new 2s. 10d to 2s lOid ; ditto sec. 2s. 8d t° 2s 9d; Foreign (to arrive) 2s 4d to 2s 9d for 45110' Peas : English (new crop, finest handpicked), ilOs 1205.; medium, 100 s to 110 s.

LIVERPOOL, THURSDAY. Trading: Graul December, 78 10,d and buyers • March, 7s Bd. aI al sellers; May value, 7s qd. Maize: Futures opeite second report: Wheat: Futures are quiet. Tradinug December, 78. 101 d to 7s Wad and sellers; Marc' 78 Bd, and sellers; May. 7s 65d., and value, per cental: Maize; Future peglected.

HERNIA.—The new Fluid Pad Truss never gets bard g and is effectual in most difficult cases. For sfight case the new Waterproof Washable Truss, which is alwaYs clean and most durable, is strongly recommended:: WHITE & WRIGHT, Surgical Instrument Makers, 901 Renshaw at., opposite top of Bold at., Liverpool.

Warrington.—Printed and published by SOHN WALSNP & CO.. (Warrington) Ltd., st Ths Examiner General lirinting Works, Sewsey-street., published by them at the isms plane. an° at The Examiner Offices Victoria road, WNES 32, George-street, ST. Hi ID rmtra: 3, Market Street,: EARLEsTowN; Church-street guNcouN Nor. 13th,

===== 0002601_19091113_art0208.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I•mimmiNlMAll

===== 0002601_19091113_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
WHEATLEY KIRK pRICE & CO, Manchester, London & Newcastle-on-Tyne, Undertake periodical VALUATIONS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION OF WORKS, PLANT, MACHINERY & STOCK AT SPECIAL RATES. -- 16. Albert Square, Manchester. BOLD STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), NOVEMBER 14TH. Morning 10.30. MR. M. H. LLEWELLYN. Evening 6.30. REV. THOMAS MILLER. Subject: "Discipleship and tbe Drink Traffic." Anthem "Saviour of the World" (Gossc). T ATCHF ORD BAPTIST CHURCH -1-4 TOMORROW (SUNDAY), NOVEMBER 14TH, Morning, 10.30. Evening, 6.0. PREACHER REV. T. A. COOPER (Whitwick.) • OFFERTORIES. WYCLIFFE CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW, (SUNDAY), NOVEMBER 14TH, 1909. AT 10-30 AND 6-30. PREACHER: REV. J. YONGE. P.S.A. FOR MEN AT 3 P.M. BAPTIST CHURCH, GOLBORNE STREET TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), NOVEMBER 14TH. REV. R. E. LETHEREN. Morning 10.45: "Why the Crowd Welcomed Christ." Afternoon 3.0 : "How the Prophet Read his Newspaper." Evening 6.30: "More Life and Fuller." W ARRINGTON CHURCH SOCIETY. LECTURE by the REV. E. R. TARBUCK, Vicar of St. George's Altrincham. AT THE CONSERVATIVE ASSEMBLY ROOM. WININIARLEIGH-STREET, at 8 p.m. Subject: " WHY 1 AM A CHURCHMAN." EIIII.IIC- UEL CHURCH, WARRINGTON.—The ANNUAL SALE OF WORK in the CHURCH INSTITUTE, KNUTSFORD ROAD, WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY,and FRIDAY, NOV. 17th, 18th and 19th. The Sale will be opened on WEDNESDAY by Mrs. ZIBA ARMITAGE at 3 p.m.; THURSDAY by WILLIANI ROBERTS, Esq., J.P. at 3 p.rc., FRIDAY by the Rev. F. VAUGHAN at 6 p.m. Musical Items and other Attractions. Admission, First Day, 6d. Second Day, 6d. till 6 p.m. after 6 p.m. 3d. Friday, 3d. Season Tickets. is. BEWSEY ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH. 34TH ANNIVERSARY NOVEMBER 14TH AND 16TH, 1909. PREACHER : REV. W. KINGSCOTE GREENLAND. SUNDAY SERVICES, 10.30 AND 6.30. SPECIAL MUSIC BY THE CHOIR. ON TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 16th, REV. W. KINGSCOTE GREENLAND WILL DELIVER HIS POPULAR LECTURE, "THE REIGN OF THE YOUNG MEN." CHAIR TO BE TAKEN AT 7.30 P.M., BY DR. FERGUSON. SOLOIST: MISS SILCOCK. GEORGE CLARKE Look out for full particulars next Saturday.

PALACE AND HIPPODROME. 7-0-TWIC4 NIGHTLY-9-O. MONDAY NEXT, NOVEMBER 15TH. JACK LANE, COMEDIAN.—THE YORKSHIRE RUSTIC. PALACE PERFECTION PICTURES. ROSE D'AULBY, Chorus Vocalist. WOODHOUSE AND WELLS, Comedians and Dancers. NANCY ST. JOHN, Comedienne. JAMES CURRY, Comedian. SISTERS CARLTON, Duetists and Dancers. THE WIEMARS, Speciality Artistes. ORPHEUS, INSTRUMENTALIST.—A MASTER OF MELODY. Gallery 2d. Pit 6d. Circle Is.

HAIRCOMBINGS I made up 2/- per oz COVERLET FE 1 TAILS OF 1 FROM HAIR FRAMES, I PURE 5/6 FROM 3[6 EACH. I HAIR. T. S. BROWN, 3, LBECE ST. (CAR STATION), LIVERPOOL.

WILLIAM COOKE, F.R.C.O. PROFESSOR OF MUSIC. ORGAN LESSONS AT LYMISI PARISH CHURCH. PIANOFORTE LESSONS at Pupils Residence or at 121, CHURCH STREET, RUNCORN AND BROOKFIELD VILLAS,-LYAIM. WARRINGTO N GARDEN SUBURBS, LIMITED. SPLENDID BUILDING SITES at GRAPPENHALL and GREAT SANKEY. Special advantages; moderate ground rents.—Apply to the Secretary, ARTHUR BENNETT, Chartered Accountant, Market Gate Chambers, Warrington. , •

INCOME TAX. ARE YOU OVER-ASSESSED? If so, forward Notice of Assessment and any other Tax Papers to JOSEPH DIXON, F.A.A. INCOME TAX SPECIALIST, MOOT HALL CHAMBERS, WIGAN. Over 20 years' Official Practical Experience of Taxes n the Offices of Assessors, Collectors, and Suryeyors of Taxes.

ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS. SICKNESS, EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY, BURGLAR AND FIDELITY GUARANTEE RISKS INSURED AGAINST BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS ASSURANCE CO. CAPITAL (fully subscribed) £1,000,000 CLAIMS PAID £5,600,000 84, CORNHILL, LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary, MANCHESTER OFFICE: 16 JOHN DALTON ST. Agents required in unreprastented districts. AGENIS Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Queen's Chambers, Sankey St. Warrington Mr. W. H. RIGBY, Nesscliffe, Victoria rd., Latchford. St. Helens Mr. J. B.I.T.ACH, Hardshaw-street Haydock Mr.). BILLINGE, The Willows Sand bach Mr. F.J. FINLOW, Rookery Bridge

MHE MEDICAL INSTITUTE OF ELEC- -1. TRICITY.—DO YOU SUFFER from Rheu- matism, Sciatica, Insomnia, Nervous Prostration, Loss of Memory, Paralysis, Deafness, Neuralgia, Stammer- ing, Pains in the Head and Back, Depression of Spirits, Dimness of Sight, Dread of Future Events, Nervous Timidity? ALL NERVOUS and MENTAL DIS- ORDEES CURED by Dr. Fisher, U.S.A.. Brain and Nerve Specialist, 263, Kensington, LIVERPOOL.. 10 to $ and sto 8 p.m. Modern Scientific Massage and Electro.Vibro Medical Massage. Electricity. Con- sultations free.

REPUTATION MAINTAINED FOR GOOD TEA. PRICES 2/2, 2/4, 2/6 and 2/8 per lb. THE NATIONAL TEA CO., 16, HORSESIARKET ST., WARRINdTON. ALSO IN OTHER TOWNS. The Cheques given with the Tea may be exchanged any day for Household Goods Equivalent to a dividend of 40 per cent. HEAD ESTABLISHMENT: 150 and 11, Friargate, Preston. HARRIS'S ANTI-DYSPEPTIC PILL, GUARANTEED PURE VEGETABLE (FREE FROM MINERALS). SURE CURE FOR INDIGESTION, CONSTIPATION and LIVER TROUBLES. TRY ONE Box. THEY SPEAK FOR THEMSELVES. A PRACTICAL TEST. For six penny stamps a trial box will be sent post paid. In Boxes is. 9d;and 2s. 9d. direct only from Me HARRIS, GREASBY, BIRKENHEAD.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.— EDUCATION COMMITTEE. PROVISION OF MEALS FOR SCHOOL CHILDREN. The Committee invite tenders for the supply of : BREAD, GROCERIES, GREENGROCERIES, MEAT and MILK, and for the CARTAGE of the cooked food to the several Dining Centres. Forms of tender, which may be returned before noon tht 25th November, may be obtained from the under signed, Education ()face, J. MOORE MURRAY. 13th November, 1909.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.— EDUCATION COMMITTEE. TECHNICAL INSTITUTE EXTENSION. The EDUCATION COMMITTEE invite tenders for the supply of some items OF FURNITURE and for the execution of general JOINERY WORK. Forms of Tender, which must be returned by the 22nd November, may be obtained from the undersigned, J. MOORE MURRAY. Education Office, Sankey Street, 13th November, 1909.

WARRINGTON UNlON.—There are TWO BOYS aged 16 years and 15 years respec- tively, in the Cottage Homes Padgate, who, during the past few years have been taught the tailoring trade. The Guardians are desirious of placing the boys out In service with persons engaged in thlfetrade. Applications must reach me not later than 10 a.m. on Tuesday, the 23rd inst. ARTHUR BOTTOMLEY, Clerk. Bewsey Chambers, Warrington. 12th November 1909.

EMPIRE ROLLER SKATING RINK, (THE SELECT RINK), MUSEUM STREET, WARRINGTON. BEST SKATING SURFACE IN ENGLAND. MORNING, ADMISSION FREE, 10.30 TO 12.30. AFTERNOON, 6D., 2TO 5. EVENING, 6D., 7TO 10. SKATES 6d. SPECIAL NIGHT! THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 18TH, 1909. BALLOON RACES FOR LADIES AND GENTS. HOOP RACE FOR LADIES. SPLENDID PRIZES. NO ENTRANCE FEE OR EXTRA ADMISSION. GRAND HIGH-CLASS CARNIVAL, THURSDAY, NOV. 25. A MODEL SKATING RINK. THE ATMOSPHERE IS CHANGED EVERY 15 MINUTES BY SPECIAL VENTILATION. ARTISTIC ILLUMINATIONS. GRAND ORCHESTRA. SEPARATE FLOOR FOR LEARNERS. Every attention given by experienced instructors and attendants. Civility and comfort for skaters and onlookers. ,NO ROWDYISM TOLERATED. ' EVERYTHING HIGH CLASS, CAFE, LOUNGE, SMOKE ROOM.

ROYAL COURT THEATRE, WARRINGTON. PROPRIETOR ... ..• ... MR. JOSEPH BEECHAM. GENERAL MANAGER ... ... MR. A. M. LOADER. DOORS OPEN AT 7. CURTAIN RISES AT 7.30. (SATURDAY AT 7.15). EARLY DOORS ... ... 6.45 MONDAY. NOVEMBER 15TH, 1909. For Six Nights Only. FREE LIST ENTIRELY SUSPENDED (MONDAY EXCEPTED). FIRST VISIT OF MR. GEORGE EDWARDES' CO. IN THE PLAY WITH MUSIC— "THE _MERRY WIDOW," DIE LUSTIGE. WITWE. BY VICTOR LEON t AND LEO STEIN. LYRICS BY ADRIAN ROSS. MUSIC BY FRANZ LEHAR. DIRECT FROM DALY'S THEATRE, LONDON. Includir.g MISS SYLVIA MAY and MR. FRED LESLIE. THE PLAY THAT IS BREAKING THEATRICAL RECORDS ALL OVER THE WORLD. POWERFUL CHORUS & INCREASE ORCHESTRA UNDER THB DIRECTION OF MR..HARRY BURTON. DRESSES BY MRS. PATRICK, MADAME HERBERT, MADAME FIELD, & MORRIS, ANGEL & SON. 'PRODUCED UNDER THE DIRECTION OF MR. J. A. E. MALONE. PRICES OF ADMISSION: PRIVATE BOXES 10s. 6D. EACH. EARLY DOOR.—Dress Circle, 3s. 6d. Orchestra Stalls, 38. Pit Stalls, 2s. 6d. Pit, Is. Gallery, 9cl. LATE DOOR.—Dress Circle, 3s. Orchestra Stalls, 2s. 6d. Pit Stalls, 2s. Pit, 9d. Gallery, 6d. Dress Circle, Orchestra Stalls, and Pit Stalls may be booked in advance at the Theatre, from 10.30 to 1 o'clock, 2 to 3, and 7.30 to 9.30. The NEW SALOON BAR and LADIES',and GENTLEMENS' CLOAK ROOMS for the convenience of Dress and Side Circle Patrons will be opened on MONDAY NEXT, NOVEMBER 15th. 1909.

OUR ,OVERCOATS ARE STYLISH, WARM, WELL MADE AND REAL GOOD VALUE. IDEAL OVERCOATS FOR THIS COLD WEATHER AND THE SMARTEST COATS IN TOWN AT PRICES THAT CANNOT BE EQUALLED. CRAIK'S, 36, BUTTERMARKET ST•9 WARRINGTON.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Largeassortment of Framed Pictures suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, &dm Terms moderate, REPRODUCTIONS BY HOLLYER OF PICTURES BY WATTS, ROSSETTI. and BURNE-JONES, AUTOTYPE REPRODUCTIONS OF PICTURES IN THE NATIONAL, TATE AND OTHER GALLEtiI:S. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS.

E. COATES, PORTIERE CURTAINS 3s. 11sd., 4s. 11d., 6s. 6d. and 7s, 9d. PORTIERE RODS is. 3id.. 6id., 1 is. 11d. and 2s. 9d. WOOL WINDOW CURTAINS 3s. 11d., ss. 6d., 6s. 9d., to 21s. per pair. WOOL BLANKETS (capital value) 9s. 11d., us. 6d., 13s. 6d., to 225. 61 per pair DOWN QUILTS in very Handsome Designs from 12s. 6d.1 to 425. - 729 .9 BRIDGE ST WARRINGTON.

TRUE ECONOMY is effected by obtaining the BEST POSSIBLE VALUE for the money you are spending. THEREFORE—when buying Margarine—ASK FOR 6 6 e--% krOLDEN FLEEeE" MARGARINE and SEE THAT YOU GET IT. No other Margarine is "just as good" as "Golden Fleece" Margarine. Don't be put off with Substitutes.- Bd. per pound Or 11 pounds for a 11= ONLY SOLD BY MEMBERS OF GROCERS' ASSOCIATIONS.

YOUR EDISON GEM. Standard, Home or Triumph can be fitted to play the new OVER FOUR MINUTE AMBERO,L Record. Every Edison Record and Machines always in Stock. Particulars and Lists free from the Expert in Talking Machines J AKE GRAHAM. 76 SG 76A, RENSHAW STREET, & 271, P ARK ROAD, LIVERPOOL Every Gramophone, Zonophone and Twin Disc Record in Stock

ROBERT LEWIS, THE OLDE FOX, BUTTERMAKET STREET, WARRINGTON. 'ANTIQUE FURNITURE AND CURIOS BOUGHT, SOLD, OR EXCHANGED. BEST PRICE GIVEN.

B. CUNNINGHAM, 89, WINWICK RD., WARRINGTON (Telephone 17 BREWER'S AGENT AND BOTTLER OF Guinness's Stoat, Bass's Pale Ale, Bass's No. 1 Strong Ale. Worthington's and Allsopp's Ales. Devonshire and Hereford Cider. Wheatley's and Mack's Hop Bitters. Allsopp's and Jeffrey's LAGER BEER IN BOTTLE. ALSO MANUFACTURERS OF HIM-CLASS MINERAL WATERS.

Fleece Overcoatings, Bannockburn Suitings, Dress Coatings. You do not care to be shown goods which are reminiscent of two or three seasons ago. You want something that represents to-day's style; and in this connection our ranges will appeal to you, because they have that fresh- uess and brightness which indicate that they are just out of the manufacturers' hauds. Some of our prices : The Lounge Suit from £2 10s. The ehesterfield Overcoat Of £1 15s. The Evening Dress Suit 119 £3 10s. BOYDELL BROS., Tailors, 43, BRIDGE ST., Warrington.

pIoNEER PIBOESNT EVAELUE IN tilioEre S KINGDOM. PIONEER Terms, C.ISH OR EASY HIRE PAYMENT. Popular Furnishing Stores, PIONEER Stock 9 to 19 BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. FINEST OUT OF LONDON. CALL AND INSPECT THE SPLENDID STOCK. PIONEER Catalogue! All purchases over 40s. delivered free to any A LARGE ILLUSTRATED FURNISH- Railway station in Great Britian. ING GUIDE, 124 PAGES, POST FREE.

Corporation to pay an official visit to that institution on Monday, November 29th, at 2.30 p.m. The Mayor added that he hoped a large nember of members would be able to go. Alderman S ETHURST remarked that there had been a general meeting of the subscribers called the previous day for the purpose+ of raising funds for the institutiop and it was thought that some of the subscriptions were paltry for a town like Warrington. _Councillor ROBERTS thought it would be a revelation to many members of the Council to see the extensive work carried out in the Infirmary. • • In reply to questions, the Mayor said it was intended in the Bill which it was proposed to bring before Parliament to obtain greater powers to contribute to the Infirmary. MAYOR'S VISIT TO CHURCH. The MA:voa announced that next Sundsy he would visit the Parish Church in the morning, and the Bluecoat School in the evening at 6.30. He hoped to see a large attendance of the Council and the towns- people.

1111111PMORMINNIMIPW WO ffilipelliffo 111111,111110"11/ OW fer Indi-,1:.-. :.i. stion I , and catarrh, 40 Kentish Road, Handsworth, Birmingham. 1 Dear Sirs,—lt is now about five years since Angier's Emulsion was recom- mended to me by a doctor, and I have found it invaluable for indigestion and stomach catarrh, as well as for toning up the system. I was very much run down I when I first took it, but improved immediately, and gained in weight 15 lb. in twelve weeks. I have recommended the Emulsion to several of my friends for various complaints with good results. It proved espeCially good for a friend who suffers from inflammation of the bowels, who was completely cured, and has been at work regularly ever since. (Signed) F. THOMPSON. ANGIER'S EMULSION I (PETROLEUM I WITH HYPOPHOS PHITE3.) Angler's Emulsion soothe the mucous membrane of the stomach and intestines, arrests fermentation, and promotes normal, healthy action of the bowels. It is a splendid tonic to appetite and digestion ad it builds up health and strength. Doctors prescribe it for chronic indigestion, nervous dyspepsia, stomach and intestinal catarrh, etc. It has cured many obscure and obstinate cases. , A FREE SAMPLE sent on receipt of 3d. postage. Mention this paper. Ali d 'HE ANGIER CHEMICAL CO.. Ltd.. 86 Glorkenwell Road. London, E.C. LT ..................., oilllkaamilli

LADIES, and cHILDREN9s HAIR can be preserved, beautified, and enriched for years by using RowLAND9 S MACASSAR OIL, which prevents baldness and scurf, and strengthens and restores the hair; also in a Golden Colour for fair or grey hair. Sizes. 3/6. 7/-, 10'6. Sold by Stores,Chemists, ani A. Rowland & Sons, Hatton Garden, Loldon.

r- azen4a- Pure Coffee From SAN PAULO (Brazil) Every Tin bearing the Official Seal and Guarantee of Purity. PURE Coffee stands apart from all other Coffees, possessing virtues and beneficial properties unique and unexcelled. PURE Coffee is one of the first aids to health, because it ensures the thorough digestion and assimila- tion of food. Sd Per lb tin

illa&rs to 11.211. the King. there are many cocoas, but only Rowntree's Elect has the I 44 h ... M. ~., 3.4 '‘A. P 'l. l'• ,tt • 't:, flhi,k :1,,,, ''* ....t.': '... , ' 1;;; "; .I\-t -. , • ' ~.%1 '..'.. ~‘ P4' te : 1 • ',.C- ,:c* : ..i . 4*.• '''. :;-: :s: , .i. . It is delicious!

• Miscellaneous, On Sales, ea ACCORDEON, 10 keys 2 stops. Reeds. Real bargain, 4s. 6d. carriage paid.—JAcKsos, Phillack Hayle.

A STROLOGY.—Chapges, events, business success, .L.l. journeys, marriage, fortunate days,&c. Send birth- date and Is. P.o.—CoucoßAN, 9 Elswick at., Liverpool. ARMY BLUCHERS.-4,000 pairs Sewn Bluchers, best leather, any size, post free, ss. 64. ; cash returned if not approved of.—H. J. GAssos,Govern- ment Contractor, Rye.

A DAINTY NOVELTY.—No table complete with- out them. Valuable for Wedding, Birthday and Xmas Presents. A set of six sent carriage paid for 3s. —DEPT. 8., 20, Park st, West, Uteri. A Nice Xmas Present.—Send P.O. for ss. 6d. and any .C-1 photo which we will return with a beautiful Life Size Enlargement 20 x 16m., or framed complete 9s. 6d. —THOMPSON BROS, York st., Hulme, Manchester. Mention paper.

- ILLIARD TABLES, Second-hand, all sizes, cheap to clear; room wanted to show New Tables.— HOLT'S BILLIARD WORKS, Burnley. Tel.: 936 Y. 110113 Y BOOTS by POST. A large Stock of Ladies' and Gents' Box Calf, comfortable fitting Boots, my price, Ladies' 6s. 11d., Gents' 75. lid., postage threepence extra, worth double, money refunded, if tit and quality not approved.—L. ATTREE, 13 Grey at., Bishop Auckland. -Rh ERRY'S DIAMOND SHOE POLISHING CABINET, containing pure bristle brush, large tin of black or brown waterproof boot polish (never dries up), and velvet polishing pad, post free 7d. two for ls.—W. BERRY LTD., Blacking Works, Homerton, Lou

/CIARD descriptive origination picture Card, Auto- graphed Originator.—Dir. WHITE-PEAKE, Brent- wood, Essex. 6d. order. DRUNKENNESS cured. Save your loved ones. Particulars two stamps.--THomPsox, The Lilacs, Balstonia, Stanford-le-Hope.

. _ DOUBLES, Dittoes, Solutions all competitions,four 6d.; 4 weekly till you win prize 55.— ALEC HIGGINS, 887, GL Eastern rd., Glasgow. DOOR BELLS, ring any distance, loud, clear; no batteries; thousands sold; post fres 7s. 6d. —limpnts BELLS, 16, Holland rd., Liecard, Cheshire. DRAIN PIPES (Agricultural), moulded and Common Bricks, Terra Cotta, and Patent Partitions. Pamphlet on drainage post free.—JABEZ THOMPSON, Terra Cotta Works, Northwich.

FRINGE NETS, is. dozen, post free.—J. BECK, 54 Forest at., Forest Gate, London. FREE • FREE.—To advertise ourselves, we send six beautiful glazed Birthday Cards on receipt of 3d. for postage and packing.—BELL, PICCARD & CO., 50, Wilbon at., London, E.C. VREE, a FOuntain Pen to purchasers of the " Supreme " Stamp Collectors Outfit, price 6d.; containing stamp Album, guide to stamp collecting; usual price Gd. ; packet stamps, mounts, guage. Seud P.O. for 6d. to-day.—HENRY ABEL &CO., Whitstable. FURS, GREAT BARGAIN.—Elegant rich dark Sable Brown real Russian long Duchesse Stole, deep round shaped collar' with two heads and 10 tails' richly Satin lined, latest Parisian style also large Animal shaped, open pouched Muff, also with held and tails to match; sacrifice 155.. worth £5; approval never worn ; unsoiled..—GßEENA WAY, 44 Linenhall at., Lthester. GIVEN AWAY.—A Magnificent Engraving repro- duced from the original painting by the celebrated French Artist, Emile Dameron, beautifully painted by hand in INVer Colours on plate paper 32 x 24 inches. Send id. stamp for this vonderful offer to DELAMERE Co.. Dept. P., 20 Bucklersbury, London, E.C.

HOSE AS SAMPLES.—Two pairs Ladies' really fine Black Stockings, post free is. Gd. ; limited number only.—A. BARKER & CO., 12, Wateville-road, Tottenham, London, N. HAIR Insurance.—A pithy booklet on hair deteriora- tion and, its prevention will be sent free if you write THE BELLE CHEVELURE HAIR PRESERVATION Co., Selly Oak, Birmingham.

HOSIERY Special.—For ss. 9d. post paid 6 pairs Llama Stockings or Socks, men's, women's, chil- dren's or assorted order; sample pair Is. ; satisfaction guaranteed.—Lists free from BEDOYLE MANUFACTURING CO., 10, Travis at., Manchester. KEEP FROM DAMP.—White Indiarubber Water- proof Sheets, 46m. by 421n.' with brass eyelet holes, 2s. each; 7ft. by 4ft., 55.; 6ft. by 6ft., 55.; or any size, prices in proportion; carriage paid; cash returned if not approved.—H. J. GA SSON, Rye. ADIES' Help Society selling fancy work, etc. ./1-4 Stamp for parts.-M ELBANK, Derby rd.,S. Woodford

LARGE stock Ladies' is. 11V. seamless, ribbed or plain Hose at is. Id. pair; approval anywhere U.K.—MANUFACTURERS, 153, Perth rd., Barking, E.

LADIES Warm Skirt Knickers; Grey, fleecy-lined Two pairs, post free 4s. Fringe Nets, any shade full size, Is. dozen, post free.—BRYAN'S DRAPERY WAREHOUSE, Islewortb, W. LEGGINGS.—Smart military officer's appearance; just passed out of service for other patterns; very long laced up side ;will send a pair post free for 19 stamps —From H. J. GASSON, Government Contractor, Rye. LADIES send 6 stamps for sample of my perfect face cream. A.P.O. Is., will keep your hands snow white by using my jelly, no grease or stickiness.— NURSE BERESFORD, 32. Sutherland place,Westbourne.

LADIES' HOSE.—We specialise in cashmere stock- -LA ings, and are offering a beautiful pair of soft black !adios' hose, ribbed or plain, for is. 6d. carriage paid. Three pairs for 4s. 3d.—THE CRESCENT HOSIERY COMPANY, Reginald at., Derby.

LL.ONDON'S Latest Success.—Marching Song dedicated to Tommy Atkins: The Message of the Drums.' By Charles Osborn Williams. is. 4d. net. of all Music-sellers, or ORCHESTRIAL PUBLISHING Co., 22 Leicester square, London, W.C. MANUFACTURERS Stock Ladies', Gent's Socks and Stockings, is. 4d. quarter dozen.-90, COBORN RD., Bow.

METALLIC Coating, gennine recipes; Coppering, Silvering, Gilding, 6d.—G. MASON, Armley Grove Place, Leeds. MILITABY Knee Boots, smart appearance, is. 6d. per pair; Naval Knee Boots, very strong 6s. 6d. per pair ; Bluchers, ss. 6d. per pair; any size carriage paid; cash returned if not approved of.-11. J. GASSON, Rye. MINCING AND CHOPPING MACHINES; cut meat, vegetables, &c.; 4 knives and double grat- ing disc; guaranteed equal those sold in London Stores 4s. lid.: our price 3s. 11d.; cash with order; money back if dissatisfied; Agents wanted.—MASARCO TRAD- ING COMPANY, 634, High rd., Leytonstone. MILITARY Clothing.-4.000 good large, Dark Grey or Blue Waterproof Cloth Overcoats for Sale; put out of service for other pattern ; either carriage paid, 75. Gd. ; name size required; Oilskin Serge-lined Police Capes ss. ; large Blue Cloth Police Capes, ss. 6d.; either above carriage paid.—H. j. GASSON, Govern- ment Contractor, Rye. IVATIVE OYSTERS, fresh from beds daily, 25 for 11 25., 50 for 3s. 9d.. carriage paid.—OYSTERS, 19 Gratitude rd., Easton, Bristol. pIAN°, oversrung, upright grand, ivory keys, fine rosewood, very fine tone; 26 guineas; honestly worth £50.-14, RICKMERE ST.,WarringtOD. DIANO.—High-class rosewood case, iron-framed Piano, rich tone; 18 guineas, cost 40 guineas.-1, DALLAM LANE, Warrington.

110DAItt BLANKETS, pair sheets, Lancashire Quilt, 2 Pillows, 1 Bolster Case. Send ls., and secure the best bargain ever offered to LANCASHIRE WARE- HOUSE CO., 306, Bury new rd.. Scilford.

P SEASON.-1,000,000 Oval Leaved 1 Privet, 20,000 Roses in variety; large stock of Ornamental Trees and Shrubs for Sale cheap. Inspec- tion invited. Catalogue post free on application to COWAN'S LIMITED, Gateacre Nurseries, Gateacre, near Liverpool.

ROYAL LONDON BOOK for Sale; good solid business.—Apply 237, WIN:WICK RD., Warrington. REMNANTS! Remnants! Remnants! £1 to £2.0 parcels sent for cash. Write us for full particulars.—JEFFS, General Warehousemen, 73, Scot- land rd, Liverpool. REAL NAVAL SERGE, as supplied to Navy: 31 in. wide ; splendid for costumes or skirts ; ls. 20. per yard ; cash returned if not approved of.— H. J. GAsso; Naval Contractor. Rye.

ROLLER SKATES. A guinea pair (lady's or gentle- man's) for sixpence, or guaranteed Silver Watch. Write for particulars.—Address PRINCESS STREET STORES, 167, Princess at., Manchester.

REAL Meerschaum Cigarette Holder, with three smoke-cooling tubes, rolled gold bands (stamped G.P.), in leather-lined case, is. complete; post free is. id.---HAmus, Palmerston rd., Boscombe, Hants.

RUGS ! RUGS! !—Good, all wool, 7ft. long, 6f wide, and weigh 1.41b5. ; Government Grey; only been used a little; much better than common new; 1 will send one post free for 3s. each.—H. J. Gass" Contractor, Rye.

Miscellaneous, On Bales, etc. Q ALE, Fawn PUG Female, 2 years, can win, 30s. 1.7 bargain.—JAcicsoN, 102, Chorley Old rd., Bolton

S. _ ELF-FILLING FOUNTAIN PEN.—Dip pen in ink and turn screw; that's all; post free is. ld.— MILNER, 321. East India rd., Poplar. E. QOLE Agency, non-competitive line; small capital • necessary.—Apply Box 61, WHITWORTH BIRD, LTD., 1, Southampton row, London, W.C.

SUPERIOR Second-hand Clothing, all kinds. Dealers try our bales, .£1 to £lO. Good value guaranteed. —TURNER, 149, Regency at., Westminster, London. '

STRANGE Secret.—How to tell if others tell the truth or not. A valuable secret. No fake. is. P. 0., and stamped address.—F.C.P., 66, Town rd. Edmonton, London.

SOMETHING good. Handsome Nickel Shaving Set, comprising removable porcelain Bowl in Nickel Holder, Nickel Frame, adjustable circular mirror, com- plete with nickel-handled Brush. All mounted on stained wood base.—Post free Is. 9d. from LITTLETON POMPANY, 81, Clarence rd., Knetish Town. London.N.W.

SUPPORT British Industry by purchasing direct from the Staffordshire Potteries ; lovely painted complete Dinner, Tea, and Toilet Sets, comprising 52 pieces in all, price 16s. Gd with handsome free gift; the Greatest Bargain ever offered; guaranteed the finest crockery made ; easily worth double; illuminated catalogue free.—Write at once to THE CROWN ROYAL POTTERY CO., Burslem, Staffs. MOYS.—A splendid selection sent post free for I s.— .1.• • MARK, 25, Mason's avenue, Wealdstone,Middlesex MYPEWRITING 9d. per 1,000 words; builders plans drawn.—DRAWING OFFICE. 21, Scala lane, Hull.

TCOOK, 57, Bewsey at., Cabinet maker, Polisher, • .Upbolsterer. Dealer in New and Second-Hand Furniture.

gIYPEWRITING, Bd. 1,000; Fascimile Typewritten 1 letters, 2s. 1410,—Swirr, 132, Shakespeare, Manor Park, London.

MHE LAW OF FINANCIAL SUCCESS.-104 pages tells you bow to make money and secure financial independence. Send Gd. for a copy; money back if not satisfied.—FlDUClAßY CO, 39, Century House, 27, Queen Victoria at., London. ITEMS, VEILS, VElLS.—Three Veils (perfect), V l yards long, 18 inches wide; various colours and patterns ; post free, is. ld.—Mrs. HAWLEY, 400, Berridge road, Nottingham. WADSWORTH'S TUNE PIANOS.-59, Sankey at Warrington. WEAVE R H AM.—For SALE semi-detached Cottage freehold, new, large garden, w.c.—Particulars, H. E. FORSTER, Builder, Weaverham, Northwich.

WEE MITE STYLO PEN will not leak or blot. Always ready for use. Convenient, for pocket. Complete. with box and filler, is. 6d. post free.—G. W. PEARCE, Pen-maker, Temple at., Bristol. Nv.l-1Y USE FOREIGN DOORS? British made 6ft. Bin, by 2ft. 6io. by Vin. square, ss. ; mould 2 sides 6s. 2d. solid moulded ss. id. All other sizes in stock. Send builder's trade card for list. —JENNINGS & Co., 336. Pennywell rd., Bristol.

NWATERPROOF Covers,' cash returned' if not approved of ; same material and pliable as rail- way sheets, 12ft. by 9ft., 12s. ; 15ft. by Oft., 15s. ; and so on, made to any size at is. per sq. yard, with lashes. Superior stout rot-proof Green Canvas, is. 6d. sq. yard, with lashes; Horses' strong canvas, Loin Cloths lined with Army rugging, 461ns. by 38ins., 3s. All Leather. Head Stalls, any size 2s. 6d. each. Neck Collars, any size, 6s. 6d. each. Quantity large pieces Tarpaulin, 255, cwt.; odd pieces suitable for.roofing, at 85. owt.-11. J. GASSON, Government Contractor, Rye. 1000 UNDERSKlRTS.—Eitraordinary oppor- tunity. Magnificent Moirette Skirt, deep flounce and tucked; black, brown, navy, mole, green, helio, &c.; carriage paid 2s. 6d., worth 3s. 11d. Money returned if not satisfactory. Write now.—BEDOYLE, 10, Travis at., Manchester. KINDS of CRAZYWORK, designs with samples. 6d.packets.—Mrs.MmoN.Dovedale. Blockey,Worcs. 09 n PRIZE offered for winning photograph o. design.—Apnly DOUGLAS, Furniture and Decoration, 90, New Bond at., London, V. 4-4 French Soaps, 2 large bath sponges, is. 6d. free.- 0 260, KENSINGTON PARK RD., London. 5O Superb Picture Postcards; Actresses, Comic and k, Views ; Is.—BAGGOTT. Peornark Rhoose,nr Card i ff. 6 4 PAGE BOOK ABOUT HERBS and how td use them, Post free. Send for one.—TRIMNELL ThP Herbalist, 144, Richmond rd., Cardiff. Established 378.

Medical.

EWTONE" for Indigeation, instant relief, trial 1-11 bottle 3d.—J. HoDoE, Marketplace, St. Ives, C; VOILES, Indigestion.—Weakness cured; Recipe, la.— W. BErrrotsi,Box A, 27 Union st.,Eeremont,Cheshire. IDACKED DRUGS.-1 gross Id. lines, carriage paid, 7s. 3d.—Dnuo Co., 48 Newland st. West, Lincoln RECIPE BOOK.—Cost and how to make own Medicines. 3d. post free.—TAYLOR, Raglan 4., Hull.

FRANCAIS GALTON'S Lightning Gont. Rheumatic Pills is. and is. 6d.-27, BURNFOOT AVENUE, London, S.V. VACANCIES.--Chronics, Surgical or Maternity cases; terms moderate. Tel. 213.—MATRoN, Aireville, Nursing Home, St. Annes-on-Sea.

ANEDICAL.—Your age and complaint. A useful Prescription, with advice, given on receipt of is. 6d.—DocTou, 241, New Cross rd.. London. SULPHACURA, the natural remedy for all skin diseases, gout, rheumatism, &c.-2s. 9d. per bottle from PARKER. 44, Mor Lake rd., Kew Gardens.

BOILS and Carbuncle3.—A cheap, certain and per. manent cure. Full particulars is. 6d.—JAMES SMITH St C0.,143 St. George's rd.. Hastings.

VERA PILLS are the very best for Indigestion, Liver, Kidney and the stomach.-10d. per box, post free.—VERA, 15, Market Hall, West Hartlepool.

COMPLEXENE POWDER.—The Perfect Powder, specially prepared for the toilet and infants, Is. per box, post free is. Iid.—COMPLEXENE CO., 9 City rd., London. E.C.

6 6 QOOTHO " for Babes. Made from fresh Herbs, no poisonous drugs, removes acidity, griping pains, wind, prevents convulsions, price is. 4d.— SOOTHO Co., Morecambe. -

yv-EIY SUFFER FROM CORNS ?—Doctor's wonder- ful discovery; cures most obstinate and painful Corns: positive cure; Send 7id. Postal Order for box.— " UPROOTA " CORN CURE, 109, Goswell rd., London.

FRAISELTNE Preserves and Improves the com- plexion.-3s. 6d. and 6s. 6d. a bottle.—May be obtained in London at 131 REGENT ST., 460 OXFORD ST., 17 BROMPTON RD., and the ARMY AND NAVY STORES, Victoria st.

STRENGTH and Vigour quickly gained by using Trainer Atkin's Electric Embrocation, highly recommended and used by Saxon, strongest man on earth ; trial bottle Is. 10. free.—TRAINER ATKIN'S EMBROCATION CO., 14, Waterloo at., Swansea.

TEAGUELINE Herbs for Headache, Constipation, Biliousness, Nervousness, Sluggish Liver and Kidneys, Backache, Pimples; strengthens the system and purifies the blood ; try them; post free, gine packet 10d., 3 for 2s.—TEAGUE, Station at.., Newport, Mon.

RATIONAL TREATMENT FOR PILES. This Method has the sanction of all up-to-date and qualified physicians. You will be able to throw away all the beastly drugs and ointments which only irritate. A revelation and a blessing in return for POSTAL ORDER FOR ONE SHILLING. GORDON BROWN, 9, Grove Terrace, Godmancbester.

THE DIVINE AND NATURAL HEALING OF THE DRINK CRAVE. A VERY REAL REMEDY FOR DRUNKENNESS. TO ALL WHO ARE VICTIMS, OR HAVE FRIENDS WHO ARE VICTIMS OF THE DRINK CRAVE. MR. HARRY PHILLIPS, late Secretary of the C.E.T.S., Norwich, 20 years' experience of the worst Drink Crave cases in East London, is prepared, with God's help, to heal in three or four weeks, without their going to any home or giving up their work, any man or woman who is a victim of the Drink Crave. Also he will send, to any one willing to help themselves, his prescription by Sir Henry Thompson and Dr. Ridge, which he has found to be a great boon to numbers of such cases. Cost of prescription, One Shilling. HARRY PHILLIPS. 14,. GREAT SMITH STREET, WESTMINSTER, LONDON, S.W.

Hotels, Hydros, Boarding Estabs •

BIIXTON.—BRUNSWICK BOARDING ESTAB- LISHMENT.— Billiards. Moderate terms.— Proprietors, MISSES WRIGHT. LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMTIED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL ALSO AT 70, St 71, EUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

SOUTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL STREET. ESTIMATES GIVEN. CHOIR PARTIES, PICNICS &C., TESTIMONIALS FROM ALMOST EVERY TOWN IN LANCASHIRE. Telephone 0465. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN.

A> CCOUCHMENT.—SeIect private Country House. Certified and registered Midwife. Trained nurses. Terms moderate.—PalNClPAL, Malvern House, Gressby, Birkenhead.

B lIXTON.—APARTMENTS, Farmhouse, in Peak of Derbyshire, with rabbit shooting.—HENßY ABELL, Biggin Grange, Hartington. Tel RIGHTON.—SPLENDID RESIDENCE overlook- -UP unrivalled sea front 11 bedrooms; well fur- nished; ten guineas • unfurnished £l6O. Others £26 to PAM—Your/Gs, Auctioneers, Second Avenue, Brighton

OOLWYN BAY.—Winter terms for FURNISHED HOUSES. Unfurnished Houses to let. Stamp and requirements.-IVIELLoR AND ALLEN.

G R A N G E -O V E R -S A N D S . —W e ll Furnished HOUSE or APARTMENTS; 2 sitting 5 bed rooms, bath, and piano ; £2 2s. Od. per week.—M. GrßsoN, Grove View.

LANDUDNO and NORTH WALES COAST:—For -LA Furnished and Unfurnished Houses.—Apply M RYAN, Estate Agent and Auctioner, Llandudno.

SOUTHPORT. Well-furnished APARTMENTS, public, private; every convenience; home com- forts.—Mrs. Itaasa WORTH, Fairholme," Bath st.

LONDON.—Superior APARTMENTS for Visitor by day or week; moderate terms; board optional; quiet; central.—Write requirements, MANAGERESS, 41, Bernard at., Russell square.

SOUTHPORT.—APARTMENTS : highly recom- mended ; temporary or permanent.-71, HOGHTON StREET. • 110 t LACKPOOL.—SmaII modern Company House, nine beds; 14 years connection, low rent paid to Christmas (Central); also licensed rubber-tyred Landau, horse, harness, complete; living for small family; bargain £lOO (no agent).-17,ERDING TON nn.,Blackpool

WANTED.—Old stamps or envelopes large, small Iots.—STAMPS, Clifton College, Harrogate. P OSTAGE STAMPS wanted, large quantity used or unused.—M AUNDER, 211,Kingston rd., Wimbledon. WANTED GENERAL, three in family.—WEEKS, Ingle Nook, Coronation rd., Fairhaven, Lytham. MOLESKINS Wanted, 16s. Bd. 100 for square full furred skids.—BURNELL, 12, Smithfield at., Oswestry.

HOME Employment, genuine indoor writing only. Send stamped envelope.—THOMAS, 11, Bradford rd., Southsea. pUBE British Yeast: agents wanted everywhere.— HY. ILLl.Nowowni, Yeast Merchant, Scholes, Cleckbeaton, Yorks.

pERSONS Wanted, either sex to address envelopes -11- at home.—Particulars enclose stamp.—WALLACE KING CO., 8 Masons avenue, London, E.C. 21 Per Week addressing envelopes; work at home, —Apply by letter, enclosing addressed envelope to SUPPLY Co., Kingly at., London.

AGENTS Wanted, to sell our celebrated Cash Bonus Teas, special advantageous terms to either sex. Full particulars free.—MEADOW TRAS, Keswick.

AGENT wanted for Horse, Cattle, In-foal Mare and Fire Insurance ; references required.—UNlTED FARMERS' INSURANCE CO., Woodhouse lane, Leeds.

SPARE TIME AGENTS (either sex) can add to their income on novel lines without interfering in any way with present occupation.—Call or write, 88, FINSBURY PANEMENT.

AGENTS Wanted having connection with Engineer to sell 'Patent Packings' for surface condensers Good commission paid.—StIACKLETON'S TUBS CO. Thornbury, Bradford. AGENTS, either sex, wanted by manufacturer to sell retail. Splendid Line. Good profits. Particulars for stamp.—SCARBOROUGH fc CO., New Bond at., Works, Halifax. WANTED Situation as GARDENER or Groom- Gardener, thoroughly experienced in both capacities; disengaged on account of death.—Apply W. WANDBY, Pepper at., Nantwich. WANTED HALE SETTERS AND BLOCK Minders for Wet Mattress Wire Drawing, non- ynion. Constant work guaranteed and good wages. —Apply THE SPENCER WIRE COMPANY LD., Heckmondwike. KNACKERS ! KNACKERS ! ! KNACKERS! Best possible prices given for dead or worn out [forges or Cattle. Prompt removal on the shortest notice any distance up to 16 miIes.—ENGLISH PRODUCTS CO., LTD., Menure Manufacturers, Longford Works Warrington. Telegrams " Stearine," Warrington Telephone 299. AGENTS Wanted, in every Town and Village throughout England to represent well-known London firm.—Agents and shopkeepers with good local connection will find this an exceptionally remunerative agency.—Write for full particulars.—ALEXANDßA ORR BorCo., 24 Southwark at., London. ' USHROOM GRO WIN G.—Experienced firm, having started their Autumn Beds, are prepared to receive Two Pupils, small premium required, returnable second year as salary. Healthy outdoor occupation at a sea- side resort; fishing, shooting, private boat in spare tiwe ; could live with principles.-6 FUNGUS,' 40 Ormonde rd., Hythe, Kent.

J4ADY CANVASSERS, for the most interesting Tariff Reform book yet published, 'John Bull's Open Door.' No figures no statistics; 24 pictures and cartoons.—For particulars apply to BARTLETT's PUBLISHING Co., 18, Bartlett 's Buildings, Holborn Circus, E.C. (Book is. 3d.) post free. A GENT for this District.—Campbell Gray Ltd -11 l require the services of n agent, either lady or gentleman. Commission at the rate of five shillings in the pound; the article commands instant sale; to £lO per week may be easily earned without the outlay of one penny; there are no samples, nothing to buy and no expenses.—Wrise for full particulars to CAMPBELL. GRAY LTD., 88, Edgware rd., W.

WANTED, SEVERAL SMART MEN AGES 18 TO 30. ,to learn MOTORING and DRIVING. Be up to the Limes and Earn Good Money. Each man whom we teach is fully qualified to take charge of amotor car. Terms, £5 ss. Take time by the forelock amid° not miss this splendid opportunity to learn a ood business. Full particulars upon application.—COLLEGE GARAGE, COLLEGE ST., FULHAM RD., SOUTH KENSINGTON, LONDON

REQUIRED, in every district, where not represented, AGENTS for our private Christmas Greeting Cdrds, and other goods. Will suit either sex (whole or spare time) who have a number of friends and acquaint- ances. Large sums of money are being earned weekly. Why not by you? Commission Bs. ia the 2. Cards only require showing to sell them. Our beautiful Pocket Sample Book is one of the greatest helps to Agents in getting orders ever introduced.—Send to-dry for full particulars to F. LOCKWOOD, 63, Shaw at., Liverpool.

L -IL i WEEKLY, addressing envelopes (work at borne); particulars addressed envelope.—SLPPLY Co., Kingly at., London. EARNEST YOUNG MEN WILL FIND A USEFUL AND PROFITABLE SPHERE IN THE SERVICE OF THE PIONEER LIFE ASSURANCE CO. Those resident in Lancashire, Yorkshire, Midlands Newcastle, North and South Wales preferred. PARTICULARS POST FREE. PIONEER LIFE OFFICE, 67, DALE ST, LIVERPOOL.

Horses, Carriages, Live Stock CIENUINE Cock Canaries. 35.; hens, 25.; carefully packed.—WARREN, 70, Upper Tooting rd., London. CANARIES.—Leipsig rollers, Cocks, full song, 75. , Hens, is. 6d.-JUKES, Watling at., Bridgtown, Staffs CHOICE of Two HORSES,IS and 15-2 bands; 7 years old; both warranted.—Apply to HUTCHINSON'S. Confectioners, Golborne.

FOR SALE, two good MILKING COWS, in calf; also Indian Runner Ducks; Cook's laying strain.— DAIIDNEY, The Willows, Flixton, Manchester. MO BE Sold, cheap, HORSE, Lurry, Gears, Coal Scales, Bags, &c., complete or separate; can he seen working; guaranteed.—HEALEY, Wellington rd., Stockport.

HORSES! HORSES! HORSES! SURE CURE for horses, cattle, pigs, or dogs suffer- ing from ringworm, itch, mange, or vermin, Is. 6d. per bottle. Sure Cure for grease on horses' legs sore shoulders, or cut anywhere, is. 6d. per bottle. send postal order.—ARGYLE Co.. 3, Garstang-road, Preston.

VIOLIN Taught by Post; 6d. lesson (New Method).— PROFESSOR, 61, Bolingbroke rd., London, W. CUMNOR COLLEGE, tor Girls, Kenilworth.—High and bracing position, home training and comforts; large garden, gynasium, tennis, &c. ; Autumn term September 16. References and prospectus on application USPERAN T O.—T H E INTERNATIONAL 12.4 LANGUAGE. Learners Bookset, 7 stamps. Incluirers advised.—PlONlßA LIBREJO ESPERANTO, Sol incourt rd. Tooting, London.

S_ OUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL—AN IDEAL SCHOOL FOR BOYS. Languages, Science, and Commercial Subjects, Swimming, Gymnastics, Cadet Company. Staff includes 8.A.,M.50., Officier d' Academia, tkc. Foreign pupils received. Prospectus from HEADMASTER. MARPLE HIGH SCHOOL, CHESHIRE. Principals: The Misses RICHARDSON, High-class School for Girls and Young Boys; thorough education ; pupils prepared for external examination if desired; special advantages offered in Music and Modern Languages, Beautiful country situation. Bracing Air boarders received. GOVERNMENT CLERKSHIPS These are open to all Youths between 14i and 22 years of age, and to all Young Ladies between 15 and 20. Examinations are held in all large towns several times a year. No other situations have such brilliant prospects. SKERRY'S COLLEGE is the recognised Training Centre for all the Government Appointments. Skilful Tuition' Orally or by post straight to the home. The Civil Service Guide Post Free from the Secretary. 27, LEECE STREET, LIVERPOOL.

Partnerships, Businesses. ALL PERSONS HAVING BUSINESSES TO cm- SELL are advised to consult Mr. COWDELL LEGH ST., Warrington.

CA REENGROCERY,FRUITERERS, &c.—Well-estab- lished, good connection, a thoroughly genuine business; convenient shop and house ; useful horse and lurry, £BO aII.—CHORLTON RD., Manchester. AN Old-established and profitable Commercial Temperance Hotel, occupying an excellent posi- tion in progressive E. Counties town; excellently fitted throughout.—Apply BURROWS & RICHARDS Valuers, Leicester. ALL PERSONS WISHING TO SELL THEIR BUSINESSES quickly and privately should come to the place where businesses are bought and sold daily. Genuine concerns are usually sold by us in 14 days. Send postcard, and our representative will call. The largest Business and Partnership Agency in England. EXPRESS BUSINESS TRANSFER CO., HEAD OFFICE, 74, VICTORIA STREET, MANCHESTER

CASH ACCOMMODATION. L 5 to £I,OOO.—INTEREST 2s. 6d. in the £ for agreed period. £5 repay £5 12s. 6d., £lO repay £ll 55., £2O repay £22 10s., £3O repay £33 15s. W. JACKSON, 6, PARKER ST., WARRINGTON.

MONEY LENT from £lO to £5,000 on Note of Hand. No security, no delay,strictest privacy,low interest,monthly and quarterly repayments or as follows £2O Loan from 5/- weekly.--£5O Loan from 12/- weekly. £lOO Loan from 22/6 weekly. To avoid paying extortionate interest and beavy repay, ments above your means, Apply to SAMUELS & CO., 5 John Dalton at., Manchester. Tel. 9535 Central.

NO FEES. NO SURETIES £lO to £l,OOO on Note of Hand alone, to all classes without auy delay or fuss. £lO repay 2s. monthly. £5O repay 50s. monthly. £2O ,' ~20s. I £lOO , 80s. , Special terms for short pesiods ; digtance no object; lettersansw ered immediately; privacy guaranteed.—H KAY 43 CO., 92, Market st.,Manchester. Tel.: City 210

5 TO £5OOO LENT DAILY LOWEST INTEREST IN ENGLAND. £5 loan, Repay 2s. weekly £25 loan, Repay 10s.weekly £lO 4s. „ I £3O „ „ 12s. „ £l5 ~ I, 6s. „ I £5O „ „ 20s. „ £2O fis. „ 1 £lOO „ „ 355. „ No Sureties, no Delay, no Publicity. Special attention applicants from this district. METROPOLITAN LOAN & DISCOUNT CO., 219, BRUNSWICK ST., OXFORD RD., MANCHESTER; and at 19, WITTON ST., (over Bradley's Clothing Shop) NORTHWICH. HERV'S A CHANCE FOR YOU. £5 TO £5OO. Have the hard times affected you? Are you baek in your rent or rates? Do you owe the Doctor, Grocer, or Any other bills ? ' WHY WORRY. Let me advance the money to pay off all those worrisome bills, let me help you to get a fresh start. Your credit is good with me, you will be surprised to find how easy i it s to borrow money, and how easy to repay the loan. INTEREST LOW & REPAYMENT EASY. No matter what rates others advertise, or what rates you are paying, or have paid any other office,. I will make you a loan at a lower rate of interest and easier repay- ment. Call or write to the actual lender, J. LORD; 33, GOLBORNE STREET, (off Sankey Street), WARRINGTON. Opposite Golborne Street Church. WIDNES. 1 £5, £7, £lO, £2O, £3O, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and al Respectable Householders, on their own security, with- out delay, on our simple written promise to pay back: FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES. FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JOHN E. GOODWIN, N.B—Warrington and Runcorn Applicant may receive Money any Evening at their own Homes.

, PRIVATE CASH ACCOMMODATION. £3 TO £lOOO. BEST TERMS. LOWEST INTEREST AND REPAYMENTS IN ENGLAND. CASH ADVANCES MADE DAILY on the following terms or as mutually agreed upon : R 3 loan Is. Od. weekly £lO loan 2s. 6d. week:y. £5 loan is. 6d. weekly £2O loan ss. Od. weekly. £7 loan 2s. Od. weekly I £5O loan 12s. 6d. weekly. Other sums in same , proportion. If you are in need of cash assistance you will do well to apply to me at once and I will advance you sufficient for your needs. Fair treatment and honest Lancashire dealings is my motto. Strictest privacy observed. NO FINES. NO SURETIES. Apply in confidence by letter or personally to M. SII_TTON. 31, CAIRO STREET, WARRINGTON. Miss C. COTTERILL (Manager ess).

A/ HORSE-POWER PORTABLE ENGINE, by' I Marshall; also Vedicle and Horizontal Bailers and Engines. Repairs a speciality.—JOHN LATHAM AND SONS, Boiler Works, Hoole, Cbester. . PATENTS. 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. GEO. DAVIES Bz. SON, CHARTERED PATENT AGENTS. ESTABLISHED IN 1835. SELF-HELP TO NEW PATENT LAW. PRICE 6. COLONIAL & FOREIGN PATENT LAWS. PRICE la

Agricultural Produce, Plants &o

"VRUIT Trees, great sale, best named Standard and -12 Pyramid 2s. 6d. to Bs. doz., 19s. to 555. loo.—Par- ticulars F. JENKINS, Fairfield Estate, Cheltenham.

FRUIT TREES.—Great Sale; Best-named Standard and Bush, 2s. 6d. to Bs. doz. ; 19s. to 555. 100.— Particulars, JENKINS, Fairfield Estate, Cheltenham. BULBS that Flower.—Daffodils, Narciss and Tulips, Is. to 2s. 6d. per NO ; Crocus, Snowdrop, Sciils Siberica, Is., Iris, 6d., mixed Narciss, ss. 1,000; cash.— FRANKS, Daffodil Nurseries, Gedney, Holbeach. Investments, Shares, Bcc.

eIOMPANY Formation.—Existing businesses formed into Limited Companies • Secretarial duties undertaken ; capital introduced.—Apply A. FLOWER 13r. Co., Company Experts, 3 & 4, Gt. Winchester at., London, E.C.

STELL REEVES & CO.. 'STOCK, • SHARE, and BOND Dealers. No Brokerage; Tape prices; Immediate settlements: liability strictly limited to amount deposited. Prices sent by telegram at any time free. 24, 26, BASINGHALL STREET, LONDON E.C.

Going to do—never did. Do it now—got there. MORAL: Visit TONGE NOW for XMAS GREETING CARDS. New and Up-to-date Designs. Expert in Child Portraiture Early appointments esteemed. Address: H. E. TONG E, The Studio, Tram Terminus, Latchford. GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THE BES AND CHEAPEST EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5D., 10D., AND Is. BD. EACH. WIIOLESALE BY J. GEDDES & SON. LTD., WARRINGTON.

Wit ir _a_LAGBEL" lAZORS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHEFFIELD MAKE, WARRANTED, POST FREE, 2s. 6D., 35., 4s. 3D. AND ss. 6D. J. G. DODD, 4, MANCHESTER STREET, LIVERPOOL. Made And Ground By English Labour. Local Agent: J. HIMSWORTH, Market Hall,Warrington A CHOICE CIGARETTE. SUDLOW'S SPECIAL SILK CUT CIGARETTES Guaranteed Hand-made from Pure Virginian Tobacco Bd. per oz., 2s. 6d. per ilb. box. To sup Low Co., CIGAR MERCHANTS, 15, WINWICK ST., AND 65. BUTTERMARKET ST. WARRINGTON. Tel. 414 Y. • DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORO DYNE, The old and tried remedy that stood the test of two generations. DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE. Invaluable for COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, NEURALGIA REFUSE to be put off with * SUBSTITUTE. The original can be had of ALL CHEMISTS if you show you are not weak enough to accept an imitation. COLLIS BROWNE IS THE NAME; 18.10.2 2s. 9d., 4s. 6d. the prices. R. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S • C HLORODYNE.

DO YOU REVERSE? H. M. ASHTON'S DANCING POWDER gives a smooth, dustless polished - surface to any floor. - Large 1/- Tins. N. M. ASHTON, CHEMIST, 63 Sankey Street, Warrington.

THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 13rH, 1909.

vv `ll' A Real Comfort On chilly days is one of THOMAS'S OVERCOATS. Made of good materials, cut, and finished, in tip-top style.—They are perfection! We have Men's Overcoats from 18s. 11d. Boys from ss. 11d. COME IN AND SEE THEM. THOMAS tk SON, 57, Horsemarket St. Warrington. (Opposite Scotland Road.) •

• Llightnlnisc -Y • COUGH - CURE lc The purest and surest remedy obtainable for I ACUTE COLDS INFLUENZA CHRONIC COUGHS WHOOPING GOUGH BRONCHITIS NASAL CATARRH HRONIC ASTHMA WEAK LUNGS • Man= Sierra. ESQ.. M.S.B.Sc.. the celebrated London analyst. says *—"Vino'. Lioirrma Cocos Coax Is composed of pure ingredients, and is a most excellent remedy for bronchitis, asthma, and all lung affections." • Price Old" 1/1f and 2/9, of all Chemists.

.„, Do your Eyes Trouble You? ..... ----I: - - ) -f------''',:, -,- , --- , . , (-!«_.«l,N.- \.,-., I(qm - .. -• . Do things ever seem to grow misty and blurred? This is a warning of Eyestrain— and you should have your eyes tested. Neglect can only add to the trouble. By our scientific tests we could tell if you need Glasses, and in that case supply those which would give the greatest possible benefit. Call to-day. ARCHER & SONS Eyesight Specialists, 7_22 LORD STREET Estb. 1848. LIVERPooL

_ -- , ... FOIAEiGni CUSTOM I L MANUFAC INIPORTER RETA IL ECI. CONVJME.P, TURER HOUSE _ _ -41 i, • o , r• r „ • - 474* l''.'4l N i*, „--,1,. , „er: ..„, N. 4. .11N, .... , k . V :. . ):---? .. I„ .....: .......---- 'll/-.4.0.'!, „. c.,, .' Y: • ' I '** , r ttryri -.., -,,, • •TIZ", ' ..- ii)A •••v,,,,, :-. ". -"ei,....Vii‘ --...)PA11p. ' \ i/•,;ik- ,;;;,•;vst . ti\c -:•-:-.1.--•::: ' t,' --: ''" i;--. „ 1 iii'litt . : 1,, ..--"z4 '''.,'% :-:...:.. ' ~,,,,,-; --4-7.--;:_,":.,i ";,- %--- • - . ' it' ~ / .iiit, -N •i!.::•ft,::, <..------'-7 '...: .r,o, •;; Ite,„ , -.. ' •, ...- :----, , z............ 4 . t ' 'it " - '"-.7.4 --- „ -0, .., '''‘ :;:.. 7, ' „ ..... ' i,'',', I ---:''' ,r‘ \.,,,k. ' ...E.;:iiig:....i • .'-' '- ' 1 .!" 'I( IT A / 't7; tO/ . ' 4,, .'. 'ilikl,''-'-f--- - i . I , .1 . „1,,„ . .r,.., • -,v .tt „, ":;.i;i:::.,..-.:*:.:. .:•A:. A, 4,„ i', Parce l .•,, ,i.i:,, Pa -c et. ~•-•" "" ?::::::::::::.::::: • ~..k.‘,. -, . ,',-"-.,:‘,-,..<- of- t'vlic.', .::: of CNuoil ~i --*- 44,1 of aitt-../- ,9,,,,:, • , Pc, r,c,Q-t! .- . ',,....!•,,/;. - - ... •-•• •; - Cvaoas :,"-' . "`" ;":..i..:.;.•;::: .3"%i**,,,‘ =7 , __--..-,--,-,., ot i '''t& i - ;:i.: i - I,* .t 4.. p.la ,--,--,-,. 0,,f- 7 - ::-:;,,,, ,„, hir A , -,,>". , -.,.. A u.t I 2/t. • ,•:; , n ~-"---:--iC,too a S ::';;.i:l.i! k"'\',' /<•i:i...,..::: r''W,4" I'" ' •i,,' .4:.ix 1 2..6 \ 8/,, 'XI '* 6 '"4,1 e i .., 6 -.,:•.:.:* I w . ~ :1, lifii.E': t a . ,i-wr 1 ... '. ..-.-:4 5',,,% ":::.:::::.1... : ~. v\t",l Witt) profit ircr- i' /• -. 's, 0* ir .:::.ifil;. 2 ,t,';' .- •••:."..:.•';‘'l:;:.'4*,:k'-_,,e/-' ::.:,........f.5.4,:'.. A ,-,N.,„ ,% i' 6r% dt,ty t• A:';"'\\: 44°) -r-r•2l-1-1: .-,.....:,...:,:', . . ~- t ,'-- "..7'4 r 4 .- - .....,...kfi-skt ..i.iiJ:'•'.::. (I $f14411111N;, 11 -4 ' :.::::::.:.::.;:::::''..•••:•:::::,C,\\ -, i,,, 7° ' ' - '-ng:.\''-:,':' —2—, 101 ::.,.. -,\ \i; ......f ; , ~/ :ii:::,.......:-: hi ::*:::,...:::: , ..! ,: i,,t . .....-. -.,:--. ,i;i:, ‘,,,,,.-. /- • , y,,..:{..,,A C + .", / .i.:;:z. \ ...:,.:.:;::.K•:: i. ii::•:..."...::"..:•!:.:. • %.:.,jo. iii . j.y,,,,, p.\ iz:' 11/ . if::'..l.***ti- .-',. • - „ . •:, 4. "; \ . ..:*-;::::::....:.:5.;';'.'. i''iil ' 1, 1 '',4l ; .-. \`‘` ~ _ ./ir ;' , .i..?".:.'5%...,•.A.,4::\,‘"N i'liii:.,.,. \ , 7/, • ...".:::::::::":1;":":'.f:i: , ii- .1.1,1 11'4'4'2' ''.' ',- 1'... ii : iPS .::.:"....1.f.4.-,:k%;.\N--;•1;',"; ,;-..4..h \ t. ... ::',..:".•:::el. ''. ',. \ ,1. a V rilrii.)l7o.,'!4.L' VA, V ' -'."':',R7l;. --' /I / E.,,,i. :.:.:-..:....i.ii3.:,.::::•!,\kz,,,,,..:::.....,,,.: , .#,,,,,,_ / ~,It.,:•.i.iii.i.i.: , • ir ~ I ..,* ,• / 7- iy ( (1- ._, ..;., , ..x. fr ~ ••:,.,,:,, ~.:......i.:..:*:::::••,..'!::.:•::::::::::•::::.:-.' ..:',-, '41,,,,' i ' x-'a-:..i.l.—__.'-'..'d,--- '.:'-':,-,i ',-',"- -..‘affiis,Aii ‘44g., 7 ,'''''7• '. '• .--.lk-,l' - ::::.'.'...:::...:::-::.;.::/:....:::::,.......*:;:::::::::...*... . ~.,,?;;,,g. A t iill •*---,-. ,i.--:--.._,0.:....................:11.:::.:Ava:44"..k.f.::::::::...... -4; ,10-.4a1,,, ',7 -,t. •n'l :•••••••••••:.;:-........-if.:..,:::::;:.'..ti:::?..M.'.:;'..............'. :.I,_!..dlikot! ',-;;•;,-,,,,,z14.11 ''..- --='-`'."...`•-• . uir

• INVENTIONS HOW TO PATENT THEM ' New Illustrated Handbook (post free). JOHN G. WILSON & Co., Char. P.A. j_ 55. MARKET ST.. MANCHESTER. • copyright.

These tiny Capsules relieve Kidney and Bladder Trouble sANTAL promptly and cure in forty-eight hours. Each Capsule bears the name " Midy." Sold by all M I DI ghoemmists, or post free 3s. 6d., WILCOX & CO. 49, HAY MARICIT, LONDON, W

CA_RBINK THE INDELIBLE REAL Good Copies with any pen. INK PEN CARBON PAPER. Money returned if dissatisfied. Send 1/6 for 12 Quarto Sheets for trial. The Manifold Printing Co., Ld., West Bromwich

DANTII2I VIRUS Is not a Poison. but DESTROYS RATS & MICE Harmless to Human Being.. Domestic & other Animals, 00- Shigle Tube, 9/.; Three Tubes, fib Post Free from— LIANYSZ VIRUS, Ltd., Boa 292 62, Leadenhal! Street, London, E.C., and of all Chemists.

BAKE with the assurance of SUCCESS by using B I IC BAKING POWDER. ZEX3 IN THE EMPIRE. mgrW UNDER THE FLAG. GET A PIECE OF THE EARTH. CANADA'S LAND IS FREEHOLD LAND. TWO YEARS' RENT of a British Farm will Purchase improved land of equal area in CA BRITAIN'S NEAREST OVERSEAS DOMINION. 160 ACRES GOVERNMENT LAND FREE FOR FARMING. Canadian Wheat realised this year 601- an acre for an expenditure of 30 - WORK FOR ALL FARM LABOURERS AND DOMESTIC SERVANTS. Canadian Institutions are Built on British Models. For free maps, pamphlets and full particulars, apply to Mr. A. F. JURY, Canadian Government Agent, Old Castle Buildings, Preeson's Rohr, Liverpool; or to Mr. J. OBED SnITH, Assistant Superintendent of Canadian Emigration, II and 12, qaring Cross, London, S.W.

INSTANT RELIEF RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by EADE'S PILLS. AFTER 12 YEARS' SUFFEOING ! -- 27, Industry Terrace, Brixton, London, S.W. June 4th, 1908. Sirs—After suffering with Rheumatic Gout for about twelve years, for over seven years of the time being under several doctors and for seven or eight weeks at a time in bed, I was advised to give your Gout and Rheumatic Pills a trial. I did so and am now NEVER WITHOUT THENI if I can help it. I find two or three pills give relief in two or three hours. You are at liberty to make use of my testimonial in any way you like.—Yours truly, A, BURRIDGE. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, andare highly restorative. Sold everywhere in Bottles, is. lid. and 2s. 9d. or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor' GEORGE EADE, 23:4 Goswell road, London. EADE'S GOUT 8c It

1,.. WEI.LERS SINCE. 1760 gif T. KENT Arvo SON. - ._7O. DEANSGATE.(opposite Barton Arcadia' , MANCHESTER. KENTS RI NGS a unsurpassed for quality of gems and perfection of workmanship. Kent's mount their own Rings—there are no intermedia e profits t Writefor ILLUSTRATED BOOKLET of PRICKS and full particulars e Telephone 8,715 6 FOOTBALLS GIVEN AWAY WEEKLY To users of "MASON'S COFFEE ESSENCE" for the SIX BEST STORIES or JOKES written on Postcard received by us each week. Address to-day— NEWBALL & MASON, NOTTINGHAM. GOOD ! It's Mason's Coffee Essence _ MERRYWEATHER ON WATER SUPPLY & FIRE PROTECTION OF County Mansions; Experts sent to all parts to Report on Existing Arrangements. Write for Pamphlets Merryweather & Sons 63, LONG ACRE, L ENNA, . C.

'....•.. C ,i,„, ar ....e.,,5.. •.:,,,,z„,.,...„.,..•.:::„.....:..„.:.,.•::....,,,....,,:-,, 21 D . .. ..,• . ~,,..;,.:, . ;:.. ~.... 00. 11) 1 ' ,•;.-_.:„,:,,,,-;:,-,..,,:, ....-„.:,,,.:-.-, ' JXtur A ~ .'. For c.,..tnsing the blood of all impuri- ,4, ties from whatever cause arising, there . IA po other medicine just as good 114 CLARKE'S /hoop MlXTURE—that's why in so many cases ) of Eczema. Bad Legs, Abscesses. Boils, Sores of oil kinds. Piles, Glandular swellings, Blood I, Poison, Rheumatism. Gout, &c., it has effected ' truly remarkable cures where all other treat- ments rave failed. It will do the same for you. . CURES ALL , SKIN & BLOOD DISEASES *,; Of all Chemists and Stores, 2 9 per bottle.

--(.. l--- Think of it 1 Think.again I Try • ~ j to realise what anxiety means to you through the weary ~N i fhoooudr s of f.. Look night aroundw i with baby for help, ill and h d yo u will fthroughfind thimproperat the • most prominent position is always given to ..: • , ' HORUCK'S MALTED MILK 1 ~.., 1 as a food to suit all degrees of digestive power -in infants. HORLICK'S MALTED MILK is also a tonic and sustaining food for the young of ~ • Is '' , :,.,--: 4. ' '''.-1, -Air, . Nfr either ge sdex, .the busy woman the invalid, and the a. .. , , , ~..i• They take it for breakfast, lunch, and supper.

, - , . ,‘ 1 ------. --- ,:lA --. , 4 • , / 6 -:1- ' ~ d .- , I: 1 -_ ______ __,..,......,= --•_. ..- ..- ~---4 i bk------,; —.;.\-li, —-- - ------- i===;---.3,,..7----"-------z.--,€,'lr ,-------------,_:,---4 .4 7 -------------- - Q..t........,-..,-;.-p--...-_,_____.....-._ :..... ii • - . ,---- -----/A. 4". k.. ."1--",''""--------......._ _ --.... --.....-', ..".-./ ula -.... .w.,......,....._ . ,4? , ..41.... -••••••--......__________ /1- l'i "I' alliniik i'.l--,.•.='• e ...... , ~....., , , i ) -_,...,._ , •.,,_,-„,.,,,,,,„.„.„, , - ~.. ~ , i.,.,„.,. , ;2-7. --._ -----7,--kpins , ' • pJpripatjak. il- .:-.•-. / "=---11.---#:-.11111111.00....- ...„z-,-,:.#: •i.,,---_ ..;..1.,,t-omi..! • ' , re.,...."-se..i. 1 -...z.. - 77..---'-'l-=-'-__.L rj t mil,-,_____-_--7--1,.......in, ea! w it• i . , ..,_._.. am" .....7 , • ...: z.„._-•--..„7,er,i , A .•, - ~•12,„..„.. , ?...."4:7-: --- I r/IJI • ; ti IpI: . IV r„...,„--:-. - ,•• ~ ill-f. ~. -.A -AIN A Lit . __._ , :10.,/,, II r, :' Ir. Ili \ ell_liii 6 , . _,_.„-,---„,--- , e . ___ 1 ~1I • .: - I-, ~. , ,‘ 111 U..... ll . mut tilt 1 . tifilft 11 d- I' ii i ---1111 rt i - .. • ,;. ._ _ -..- .040a.51.07%'Y 1.09176nYe-TD,), ' - -- Geo.kvc,- 0‘,729.E*4*

Buy YOUR FURNITURE From the LARGEST and MOST RELIABLE FIRM, THE G 0 E FURNISHING CO. (J. R. GRANT, Proprietor), PEMBROKE PLACE LIVERPOOL. Discount for Cash EASY TERMS of Payments To Suit the Convenience of CUSTOMERS. FREE DELIVERY TO ALL PARTS. DINING-ROOM FURNITURE DRAWING-ROOM FURNITURE BEDROOM FURNITURE Hundreds of Suites in all Coverings and Woods. WRITE FOR CATALOGUE. You will Save Pounds by doing SO. GL•BE FURNISHING CO. (J. R. GRANT, Proprietor), PEMBROKE PLACE, LIVERPOOL. CLASCOW-510 Bauehlshldl Iltribet BELFAST—High Strimit,
