===== 0002601_19090724_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
to _oti Inental

Hoitaays

===== 0002601_19090724_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
150 Ld 13:r1V„:1;-f t. co° eno. ,9„„ Oh'

===== 0002601_19090724_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
BRUSSELS FOR WATERLOO AND THE ARDENNES. VI& HAR WICH-AN Tll ERP every Week-day. . . _

Through Corridor Cariiages from and to Warrington alongside the Steamers.

CORRIDOR VESTIBULED TRAINS with DINING and BREAK- FAST Cars between Lincoln and Harwich. S.S. " VIENNA." "BRussitts," CHELNIsFORD."

W112E1.1E53 TKLEGRAPEY and SIMI- NIARINE SIGNALLING 011 the G.K.R. Steamer,

Send post-card to NV. POWNALL, G .E. R , 82, PORTLAND ST., MANCHESTER, for descriptive Ilustrated pamphlet free).

===== 0002601_19090724_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN WALKER & CO., LTD

" EXAMINER " OFFICE,

BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. PRINTING OF ALL DESC4kIPTIONS

===== 0002601_19090724_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
Ezmul

i .

esuilffig

6 tt

Experts agree that they are

0 k 1

:AItLANE SUITS, °

. -444, • CARLANE SUITS, Green Label "

"Blue Lobel"

CARLANE SUITS.

"Gold Label"

Sole Agent: J. BANKS,

62, Horsemarket Street, Warrington.

are obtainable wherever

good clothes are sold.

iost distinctive and well-tailored.

30/-

,••,,f,.-: Vs c, -:-:;7'., :--- , :.•?7,, ' ."- ...o. .., ~,, . •rr.: •::*,': .4. • ' r •,,Lift. ?i:. ."V''‘ •• . , . . ...-: ..„..,. • .5,,,,.,5. ,-,:,' rc. .:'..,.: 4.,; ,i.--.:_-_,', ..'s i?,-. "4 :-•A..504,....; T ; z ~.,-, wi.:. ...„.. i•cT"''''. r.7.i. i'..„;c:::',..„.'“.. -...-ir* _ tti .-. ~,.1 • ;'*'4'. 10.. ,:r.t: ."- '• T. 4: ~-.= ..., - ittiT=X- '-',-;/'' 1 ; ~,:...V.,f , --= • ---t ...„,tv €-...z,...:.*:-.- ~ N.,. ir,•-,,.',..7,4 - ,:1..3; ~.". :-. 0,, -1,,..Y:,..: 1 .. V..':.7,-;,- .:.!...7 .'"-.71, . --, --- -•— ~ '' ----e..- - t •:;:4-i- ~....... i '..;. ~,...-,./. , - ~ r ..i- A ...,, ....,..?..' .. ' . • . • `3`.,...'.2, *- AS CIL_ --*..-.., ~....-1/4,,..,....:,7,91,;.- ..-_,.,i.,,,,,,„, , 'l/4., ..-,..-,-,\.:•.:,- ~..:y . :.*:‘?,,,_,...:?,.:.t,,,7;";•-• !f:APAI.t.'.' - ~-;•,-,-;if,,, • C 1/4- " ' Pc— ••-,-, ..z .. .... . ~ ~...trl/4., ;•,-• 71' # 7 i:, , 4.. -ing.: ;`/'64r.t.'„ . ,i.. • `,,‘ '''4 l• - - ';'-''' ..'.. •,,ti;, . i... , 1,,,,, . ,•; '.. "" - i''' •"; - ..: i?...,.., • ,'/ .. ' ' ''•.4l 4,- 7'2., , • ~„,..,., .z.: '. . ' .Tir*lr.:_.,.."---"•, A'-'; .. , , itt•

_ ~.......m.. . . ~ • • ' • - ~,,,• .i'i!";." le. v.w—g. ,-, • :- ..„,...--e.„ ...: : , ~ ,- ;•, , ~.,,,,..-......,.; / _ Oki,''' 74(k-tis.-.4-. awl" c°Air it,„,„ •,,:.- V ,// • ...-"' ", - :: . •

===== 0002601_19090724_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
IVIcDOUGALL'S Pateo SELF—RAISING FLOUR Zfie;eesnttson

"It's time Regina had one. I don't snow what you girls are about. I .vas married a- eighteen, and you're two-and-twenty !-7-but there, I always said you 'were cut out for an old maid."

"Regina .only just knows this young man; he helped,her in an accident---,-" "Oh,. I know," laughed Mrs. Treherne ; "it's so convenient to have an accident when there's a young man handy. I sprained my ankle too, when I was walking out with your father."

"But, mother, I assure "There, _there; what does it matter? Regina is pretty enough, though a sailor ain't the sort for a husband as I know ; but it's no affair of ours." Therewith Mrs.Treherne clattered into the scullery, and began washing the teacups. After that Mary saw Mark and Regina walking about together frequently ; sometimes they would lOok in at her Is. she sewed, with a nod and a smile and a few cheery words of greeting; sometimes they would pass by without glancing up at her window, appar- ently in eager conversation. On those days Mary felt a tightening round her heart and an inexplicable sadness. She was glad, of course,- very glad of her friend's -happiness, for it was plain she liked Mark, and that he liked her; and yet Mary.would have preferred a share in it • too, jtist the smile, the look, the few light words that contented her for the day. '

On one occasion the sailor's bright face appeared

alone at the window.

nlffy I come in?" he said. "I shall be going back to sea soon, and I want a chat with you." "Certqinly ; come in ; but where is Regina ? " "Oh, I don't,know; we are not inseparable, you know."

"I thought--" began Mary, and she stopped.. "You thought—yes, I can see it in your eyes-- you thought we were sweethearts." "Perhaps I aid," said Mary lightly, her heart springing up with a new elation. ".No, no, I assure you,.". and the young man, seating himself, looked firmly into_ Mary's face; "we are only friends. We heard there had been some talk in the village, so we've sworn ,off for a bit."

Mary curled her lip. "Wasn't that rather cowardly—if you both love one another ? "

"Bless you, but we don't ; we're just friends!" "You Feem to have a great deal to say to one

another."

"So we had; a sailor on shore is always a bit lively; but I'd like to say something to you if I dared."

"You can say it," answered Mary, in a very owl voice.

'—the sailor's bright ." and it makes a man

"You're such a quiet girl " face suddenly grew serious— shy like, when he wants--"

"Wants what ?". said Mary, carefully turning

Ler eyes away. "When he loves her—and wants to tell her Sc." "Loves her ? " Mary glanced at him helplessly.

"You'll think it a bit sudden, but ever since the first day I knew you were the girl for me. I langl.ied and jokes with Regina, and talked a lot of nonsense, but all the time I thought of you so good, so pretty, sewing quietly at home. Could you care for me, Mary? "

"Could I? " Mary's eyes laughed out loud. "I'm a bit rough, just only a. common sailor, though I shall be mate soon; and you're so dainty, like a bit of china; but there, I'll snake you a good husband, I will." He put his arm round her as he spoke, and Mary's head rested lightly on his shoulder. Suddenly she startecl up. "What will Regina say? I couldn't behave false like to her." "She will say nothing ; she knows," and then Mary's head settled down contentedly again on the big bread shoulder. The news of Mary's engagement startled the village considerably. Only a common sailor, and they had thought Mary aspired so high! Gossip ran riot; there was food and enough for chatter. The wedding was to be at once—indecent haste, people called it—for the young man was due back at his ship in a fortnight. One bright May morn- ing, when the trees were clad in a tender livery of green, and the thrushes and larks clamoured harmoniously overhead, with the scent of the lilacs and wallflowers in the gardens rising to heaven like incense, Mary was married in the village church. She word a light Llue and white dress, and a white chip hat with forget-me-nots, and when she walked dowri the aisle on her handsome husband's arm _a quiet, ecstatic happiness beamed in her sweet face. After the ceremony they went back to tea at Mary's cottage, where Mrs. Trelserne presided stolidly over a feast of Cornish good things. Pies and cakes and clotted cream, tea for the women and beer for the men; sent the guests away merrily enough. Then, in the warm evening air, Mark and ,his bride stood in the narrow garden among the lilacs and the may blossom, and, hand-in-hand looked out over, the sea.

"'Tis there I shall be soon," said Mark; "see, you can just note a ship in full sail passing along. There's some dangerous rocks on that coast, too."

• 'Mary trembled slightly, and drew her husband down to her. "If only you had not to go away! " she said softly. - " 'Tis hard," he said regretfully; "but. - there, the times Will be all the happier when we are together. You'll think of me sometimes? " "Every hour of the day, Mark; and at eventide I'll come out here and look at the sea and wonder where you are."

"That's right, lass—every evening, and I shall know you're looking for me, Mary, my Sweet little quiet woman." They could hear the ripple of the waves falling gently against the beach, but both knew, though neither mentioned it, how cruelly those innocent little waves flung and battered themselves. and foamed agaiiist the granite rocks in times of storm and tempest. It was quiet enough now, the sky overhead was of one untroubled blue, stars gleamed and twinkled, and the distant sounds of a fiddle at the public-house fell mellowed on the air. "They're dancing," said Mark thoughtfully. "I'm fond of dancing, and can foot h hornpipe with anybody, but I don't feel like that to-night; it all seems so hushed and holy like out here, Mary, my wife."' Then, after a pause. he added: "Let us go in." A few days later Mark left his newly-made bride in the cottage with her mcther, where she con- tinued to sew and to sit in her window just as before.

Only the bright gold wedding-ring on her finger and various small, vaguely spelt, and much thumbed letters with foreign post-marks, which reposed next to her bosom, told of the quickly-won and quickly-lost husband. Mary's heart ached a little sometimes, but she remembered Mark's last words: "Be brave, dear, as a sailor's wife sl;ould Le," and she forced the rare mile to her eyes and the lagging words of welcome to her lips when Regina called or a neighbour came in for a talk. The village mind was scarcely certain whether to pity or congratulate the young wife. It had all been so hurried, so sudden, so strange, and village people are stolid folk, and require plenty of time in which to grow accustomed to novelty. . Mary herself never allowed that there was any cause for pity. She prefacel all remarks INjth "When Mark comes back," "The first thing Mark will do," or "In Mark's last letter he said," an, ...vary evening regularly she went out into the little garden, and shading her eyes, looked wistfully over the.sea, that sea she was growing to love with kind of mysterious awe and wonder. Sometimes it glistened like a looking-glass in the sunshine, sometimes it shone in wondrous stillness under the rays of the moonbeams, sometimes it swayed and heaved like a soul in trouble, and in the winter evenings it moaned and foamed and beat against the rocks like some wild guilty spirit, Those were

===== 0002601_19090724_art0007.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
(copyright. )

===== 0002601_19090724_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
A SAILOR'S BRIDE.

BY LADY VIOLET GREYILLE,

Author of "Mrs. Weston's Grandchild," "A Mere Acquaintance," "Nurse Ciceley's Renuncia-

tion," &c.

Mary Treherne was the prettiest girl in the village, a small, straegling, picturesque fishing village on the coast of Cornwall.., Mary was a dressmaker, and had received a good education. As the expounder of fashion and the pioneer of new and modern graces, ie flavour or hung about her, which resolved itself into silent admira- tion when she appeared in church. Not that Mary was ever over-dressed, or whet is vulgarly called smart. .Mary was too wise for that. She wore a pretty straw hat trimmed with forget-me-note and a plainly-made blue-and-white Fria dress in the summer, and a dark blue serge or cashmere dress in the winteee Blue was her favourite colour. It was also the cl'our of her eyes, modestly veiled..by long dark lashes. Mary's cottage 'stood on the bill at the top of the winding street, and a lovely view could be gained therefrom. The little garden Was a blaze of sunflewers, roses and hollyhocks ; roses clambered lovingly over the walls, and a bed of mignonette close to the gate shed sweet odours all around. Mary was a very happy girl. Her tastes were simple; she /cited her work, and sang over it all day;. she took her part in the choir in. church, and walked out with her friend Regina' Pendarves on Sunday. Neither of the two had a lover yet, though both in their way were attractive. Mary was quiet tall and slight, with the-pallor of complexion due to leong hours in a workroom, and had masses of rich i nut-brown hair to match her lashes. Regina was all roses and sunshine, her hair like spun gold, her cheeks rosy, her clear grey eyes as limpid as the waters of a brook. A few people thought Regina the prettiest girl in the village, but the general verdict was in favour of Mary. Regina's father 'was a rich man; he owned a large farm, and drove a gig'; while Mary 'kept herself and her mother, and worked herd for a living. 'Though they had not yet chosen a sweet- heart, both girls found plenty of admirers, anxious , to wile away a spare half-hour .in talking .love nonsense, or looking into elicit., lerghe eyes. 'But Mary ,fancied none or! them; neither the grocer's sone—a promising young man with a keen eye to business—nor the schoolmaster, who wanted, an educated soul in harmony with his own; nor even the banker's clerk, who wore doeskin gloves and looked quite the gentleman:- Mary aspired too high, the village gossips said. "Was it likely that she would make a better match? Mrs. Earnshamerlhe portly matron at the public- house, shook her head reprovingly, while Mrs. Jones at the tallow-chandler's shop said she didn't know whet girls were coining to. It was all that Board school education, she supposed, and a habit of playing the piano—for Mary played quite nicely, and in the summer evenings the sound of her music strayed fitfully across the street on the warm breeze. Meanwhile Mary, unmoved, sewed away steadily, and indulged in no dreams of the future. She put all her energies in the direction of gored skirts and puffed sleeves, and felt a proud woman indeed the day that Miss Grace, the young lady from the Mancr, brought her a new pattern of odice and asked her to copy it. Miss,Grace took a fancy to the quiet young seamstress ; she asked her-up to the Manor House Once cr twice after that, on the plea of consulting her about the set of a bow or the style of a trimming. She gave her fee in the drawing-room, am* the old china and the valuable prints and the softly-shaded green and-white chintzes. Mary looked eagerly at all the pretty things; dressmaking had developed in her a dis- tinct artistic taste ; and rumour assert esi that Miss Grace's brother, a young mart fresh home from Oxford, On his-rart, looked a little too curiously at Mary during these interviews. However, nothing can of them, except Mary's renewed interest in her work, and time passed uneventfully. One day it was reported that Rr gine had been seen walking with a young sailor, who was bronzed and handsome; next day they were seen bending their steps towards Mary's cottage. Mary was at work, but she looked up pleasantly at, her friend's entrance. She practised a habit of never giving up her occupation, ;:.even though Regina often lounged in, being a young lady with- out especial employment, who found time hang heavy on her .hands. So to-day Mary continued sewing, her slim fingers moving to and fro quickly. Regina ietrOduced the young sailor. "He picked me up the other day when I fell off my bicycle," she said gratefully, "aria his name is Mark Munson, just home from China." . Mary rooked at him with interest. "How many things you must have seen! I have often wished to visit foreign lands." The sailor bent forward eagerly. "We do see many things, _pleasant and curious, terrible and sad, but the best of all are at home," and the young man glanced with evident admira- tion at the two sweet girl faces. Regina .blushed a little. Her skin was very trans- parent, and the blood rose, easily to her cheeks. Mary remarked it, and wondered. "Do you stay here long? " she began. "No; only while our ship is paid off. We shall go to sea again soon. I'm down here on a visit .tolney father and mother at Boscastle—you know the town—and they sent me with a message to Miss Regina's father about business." "And we met, and you helped me with my bicycle," put in Regina. "We11,.1 don't know much about bicycles; the Seagull—that's the name of our ship, miss—is more id my line; I can handle a rope better than

a machine." "And yet you mended it quite beautifully 1" averred Regina. • "Sailors learn to be handy with their fingers," he responded mcodestly. Mary- watched the brilliant flush that again passed over the mobile countenance of her friend. Pestches of sunshine came through the open door, and danced amongst the leaves of the geraniums in the window; the air was warm and soft, and a thrush sang loudly in the lilac-bush. A strange oppression seemed to strangle Mary. She rose uneasily, and touched some shells on the mantelpiece. ,"Father brought these home once," she said; "be was a sailor too." "I have seen shells like those," remarked Mark; "they came from the Pacific, ,where the coral islands are. I have sonic bits; if you'll allomme I will bring them over some day for you to see." Mary thanked him, and Regina, declaring she had not time to stay for tea, hurriedly shook Lands. Mary stood at the door as they descended the hill, Regina turning back to kiss her hand, and Mark waving his straw hat. Mary stood till they were out of sight, then she ttirnedj and with

a sigh resumed her work. Never till to-day had

she thought of her friend except as a riotous, mrry girl; but to-day there was a softness in her wanner, a gentleness in her look, that revealed her in the new light of womanhood. The sailor was good-looking too; they would make a handsome couple. Mary meditated, and the neglected work dropped into her lap. She was aroused by her mother's voice in UM back kitchen. "Mary I Mary! what's the matter? Aren't you coming to tea? Why, the water's been on the boil this half-hour!" Mary rose, folded her work (it was a dress for Miss Grace), and went slowly into the back kitchen. "So you've had visitors—Regina and a sailor • •her young man, I s'pote " said Mrs. Treherne, a stout woman with a heavy jaw, who lapped her .±43, from the saucer with the gusto of an epiouro-

===== 0002601_19090724_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, July 24, 1909,

the worst times for Mary. Often and often she would rise in the night, shuddering at the sound of the sea, and throwing open her casement, catch the salt spray on her cold fa6e, and feel the icy wind .chilling her heart. The dawn found her some- times on her knees, praying, feverishly, fervently, for the safe home-coming of her husband. December he wrote that the ship was returning, and she ,might look for his arrival any day now. The month broke stormier and wilder even than uswAl. Rumours of wrecks and disasters on the rocky coast blanched Mary's cheeks and made her fingers tremble over her work. The lifeboat ha&. been out many times already, and the well-known,' shout when it was being manned sent Mary on. many a futile run down to the beach. Distance, anxiety, and hope deferred had deepened and strengthened her love, until it seemed as though all life were summed up in the one ward—waiting.l Among the fishing-boats misfortunes were frequent, • and a widow and three orphaned children mourned the father and bread-winner. Regina, with herN bright, pretty ways, went about among the fisher population, cheering, helping, with a kind word.. for all.

Mary no longer courted her friend's company; Regina reminded her too poignantly of her lost, happiness—that happiness she was engaged in clutching feverishly and hugging to her lonely bosom. -Reia, however, would not be ignored; she caine and sat with Mary very frequently, and talked to her gaily of her swains and her schemes, her troubles and her joys. One wild December night the two girls sat over the fire talking. Suddenly the loud boom of a gun startled, them. Mary flew to the window. "Rockets !" she said, as a bright stream of light illuminated the --pitchy sky. "A ship in distress l—a big one, too! Regina, let us .go and see what can be done for. the poor people." "This awful night !—why, not a ship could live near those rocks! " Then, seeing Mary pale to the lips and steadying herself feebly against a chair, she added: "But I dare say it's nothing serious this time; perhaps only a fishing-boat." "It was a ship, -I toll you," said Mary hoarsely, as she snatched up a shawl and ran out of the cottage. Regina followed, and both girls quickly bounded down the hill, joining the groups of people that poured out of the houses. The life- Lcat was hurriedly being manneu when they reached the shore, but the wisest and oldest of the crew shook their heads.

"We'll never reach them with such -a sea as this! Poor fellows, I warrant they're doomed.," Three times the gallant crew essayed to reach the ship, and three times they were beaten back. The rockets and signals continued, and in the lurid glare of the flashes hopeless men might be seen clinging to the rigging. "'Tis a big ship—a merchantman," said.: the coastguardsman.

"Does anybody know her name ? " asked Mary, with parched lips. She was trembling with cold, for the two lightly-clad girls stood side by side, motionless with horror, as each futile attempt at saving the crew was renewed. Mary's question met with no answer. Everyone was intent on the ropes which were flung into the seething eddy as a ast resource. Two' of the crew were bold and tortunate enough to reach the shore; then came silence, and in the cold breaking morning light the bosom of the sea was seen to be empty of life. The ship had disappeared. The two survivors told their story. The Seagull —that was her name—bad stranded on the rocks during the violent gale, and a very short time sufficed for her to founder with all hands on board. The Seagull—that was Mark's ship. They. lroke the news to Mary as gently as they could, Regina holding her bands the while. At the doleful news she gave one scream, piercing and terrible, pregnant with. the agony of a despairing soul; then she, fell into a prolonged and deadly faint.

S • •

Weeks passed by; .spring was at hand; the little buds unfolded again, the larks began to sing, and Mary once 'more went about her daily work. She had drawn a curtain over the window whence could be obtained a view of the sea, and she wore black —the rigid, hard, uncompromising black of the widow. She rarely spoke now, rareky left the cottage, and ,listened listlessly to her mother's endless grumbles. Regina herself ~was engaged to be married to a young farmer, and could spare less time to comfort her friend. Mary withdrew more and more within herself, and passed almost whore days without uttering a syllable. Her pretty bright eyes grew dim from crying, her brown hair WA3 streaked with grey. "Poor bride !" the village people said, as. they noted her stony face; "poor bride ! already a widow." About six months later Mary sat, as was her wont, close to the window looking on to the road. Her head hung down, a sad droop , bent her shoulders, her eyes wore the hard, compressed expression that characterised them of late. A gentle knock at the outside door caused her to start and look up. A thin, pale spectre of a man resting on a stick stood outside. "A tramp," thought Mary, and her kindly heart impelled her to oharitable action. "He looks hungry," and she glanced again at her visitor. Then she hurried into the kitchen, cut a thick chunk of bread-and-cheese, and returned to the doorway, holding it in her hand. "Poor fellow! " she said. "Are you a sailor?" The man bit his lips under his shavy, unkempt beard, and mumbled something. "Perhaps you've been shipwrecked," she added; "poor soul, you've suffered sadly ! " Her voice bore the kindly, gentle inflection of one who has become indifferent from pain. The sailor looked ur, and his eyes met hers. Suddenly something seemed to melt in her Cold, resigned heart, a wave of new, living love passed over her. She put her hand up to her eyes. "Mark !is it you—you—come back from the grave ? " In another moment her arms were round his neck, and slle was sobbing, crying, talking and laughing all in one breath. -

iln't I tell you, dear, to bear up and be brave? " he said tenderly, pressing her closer to him; "it's all come right now, but you've a poor, useless, battered husband to take care of. I was saved by a-miracle, and I've been ill all three months."

"Never mind "—Mary's eyes glowed with loving rity—"never mind. I can be brave now, and both thank God together." . "And you'll take oft those black clothes, Mary, and put_ on the blue-and-white dress you were married in, and look like my own dear bride

again ? " Then he kissed her and once more she taste4l II a

fulleA happiness of love. [THE Esp.]

===== 0002601_19090724_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
Great Northern's New Route to London.

We are informed that the Great Northern Railway Company are about to open up direct communication between Warrington and London. The advantages of the route and the attractions of the journey are so obvious that it seems strange this line of travel has not been used before now. The traveller leaves War- lington from the Central and joins the Great Northern express that leaves Manchester for King's Cross. The ride across Yorkshire and through smoky Sheffield has its interesting features, but it is after the Great Northern line is entered upon at Retford and pro-: ceeds to skirt beautiful, fertile, and. historical East Anglia that the visitor from the North West of England becomes entranced. Such a journey knows no tedious moments, especially for the traveller who is breaking 'new ground: Besides, the train is furnished with first rate dining cars, and by the time the train reaches the Metropolis at 7.46—n journey of less then five hours with only at Manchester, Sheffield and Granthzim— the /traveller has dined and is ready , for either business or pleasure.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

VIOLENT PRISONERS.

At Widness, on Uonday, two men of the loitering class named Fred. Ford and James Fahey were charge:l with being drunk and disorderly and assaulting Police- !constable Leland, and also with assaulting William Harthorne, of Harris-street. Ford, who bad a very had record, was sent to prison for nine months with hard labour, and Fahey was similarly dealt with.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
GALLANT RESCUE AT RUNCORN.

While a number of children were playing on the bank ottlie Bridgewater Canal at Runcorn, on Wednesday `eittuaing, a boy named Kirkham, aged six years, whose 116tne is in Norfolk-street, fell into the water. The boy had 'sunk Several times, when Mr. Flank Hayes, of Storestreet, came upon the scene, and plunging into the water, brought the unconscious boy to the side. Artificial respiration was applied, and the by was tikn to Mr. Hayes's house, where he was strippei and lly restoted. This is the fourth life 111 r. Hayes's Hayes has saved, and his conduct on this occasion is he more gallant, as he is a patient of Liverpool Eye 1 Ear Infirmary, and has been from work for eix .eks. •

RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL. aThe fortnightly meeting of the above Council was held on Tuesday in the Dutton Workhouse. Mr. T. Wright presided,and there were also present :—Messrs. C. E. Linaker, J. Spruce, G. Egerton Warburton, Admital Jones Parry, J. Stokes, A. R. Norman, S. Woodward, J. B. Chadwick, W. M. Norman, W. Mynekyme,' G. Pilling, G. H. Davies, J. Hallows, T. Wood, J. Antwis, A. Haining, and Messrs. Diggle-and Swinton (surveyors), J. Farrington, (inspector Of nuisances), Dr. Adams (medical officer), G. F. Ashson (clerk),.W. E. Hough (deputy clerk.) MEDICAL OFFICER'S SALARY.

The Clerk intimated that at a rceeting of the House Committee this morning they had carefully considered the proposed increase in the medical officer's salary and they had asked .Dr. Adams to temporarily withdraw his application, %bleb he had done. Mr. Parrysaid Le would like to ask how Mr. Adams was appointed. Mr. Woodward said that the medical officer had keen appointed in the ordinary way.

ISOLATION HOSPITAL.

The Clerk stated there were 11 cases of infections diseases at the Isolation Hospitabeight of scarlet fever, and two of diphtheria. There had been one death since the last Council meeting. • RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The fortnightly meting of the above Board was held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday. Mr. T: Baxter pre- sided and there,w ere also present :—Messrs. J. Spruce G. Egerton-Warburton, Aidniral Jones Parry, J. Stoke, A. R. Norman, C. E. Lintiker' S. Woodward, J. B. Chad wick, Thomas Wright, W. M. Morris, W. M 3 nekyme, C. E. Liraker, jun., G. Pilling, J. H. Davies, J. Hallows, Thomas Wood, J. Antwiss, A. flaming, G. F. Ashton (clerk), W. E. Hough (deputy-clerk), T. Cooke, T. D. Rellinson (master), W. de Prez and J. Pearson (relieving officers).

===== 0002601_19090724_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
CONGRATULATIONS TO MR. BAXTER,

Mr: T. Wright said he had to congratulate Mr. flax ter on his leing made an 'M.P. for the County. Mr. Morris and Mr. Linaker supported. The latter said that he had known Mr. Baxter for over 40 years and he could not give an incident that damaged his credit in all that time. If every magistrate was like Mr. Baxter, they .would have more confidence in them as a rule. _ _ _ _

Mr. Baxter, in reply, said it was a great encourage- met to hiti to have so many congratulations from all over the conutry. ft made him think that he had done somEthing to merit the office. He Inew he had been connected with the county and district ever since be left school, and had always tried to do his best. He felt rather proud of the fact that he was the first, general farmer (he did not dissociate himself from farm- ing) that had held the office of county magistrate in the district. (Hear, bear.) Continuing, he said he wished to leave the County of Cheshire better than he found it. THE GUARDIANS' HOLIDAY.

The usual holiday vacation of a month will be con- tinued this year, and the Board will not meet on the 3rd of August. - -

NUMBERS IN THE HOUSE,

_ Mr. Spruce reported that there were 164 inmates of the HOUSO comrared with 166 the corresponding week Of last year. 'Mete had been a considerable falling off in the numbers of vagrants, which were 124 compared with 198 last year. (Hear, hear.)

===== 0002601_19090724_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
DEFECTIVE SCHOOLS. Medical Ulcer Reports on Sanitary

Conditions.

In his first report to the Education Committee an the subject of school hygiene, Dr. J. Coote ilibbert,medical officer of health, has• some striking things to say with regard to the sanitary conditions of the schools of Warrington. Dealing with the general structure of school premises,the Doctor says :—Many of the schools are by no means recent structures and certainly do not comply with modern ideas on school construction. In several, instances the buildings•were not, I believe, originally intended as schools ; and even in the schools, built as such, the requirements for parochial purposes were chiefly considered and the sani- tary defects characteristic of the parent build- ing were often copied. Hence the windows so constructed that they do not open; and hence in sone cases in( fficient lighting. In many instances they are surrounded by high buildings, which obstruct both light and ventilation. A very frequent defect in. ventilation is that cub- a small part of each window can be opened. Ventilatie nis thus often deficient, and it is moreover impossible to flush out the vacated rooms with a free current of fresh air during the intervals for play. In many of the scboo`.s additional air inlets such as Tobin tubes as well as additional air outlets such as Boy le.s ventilators or other extracting shafts, art; urgently required ; and in very many schools a far larger proportion the whole, (if possible) of the window area should be made Ito open. Without adequate ventilation of the schoolrooms, the general health of teachers and scholars deteriorates, while infectious disease finds the most favourable conditions for its spread. "Colds" are often attributed to draughts, but—and I would especially submit this point to the teachers thenuelyes—" colds ' are not so much caused by fresh air admitted from, without as due to the polluted atmoiphere of the ill- ventilated interior. Not only from tte point of view of the child's physical welfare is fresh air a constant necessity, hut it is also impossible fur a child to derive full benefit from the proffered teaching yhen the brain is dulled with the poisons of a stuffy atnfosphere. The greatest blot tie sanitation of certain schools in Warringtcn is to my mind the existence of pail-closets as the so-called stnitary convenienCes. In 14 schools pail-closets are ink use. Dr. Ilibbert refers in some detail to the medical inspection of school children. During 1908 a total of 968 children were examined, and in 30l cases the parents were present at the inspections. One hundred and thirty-nine parents were notified of defects in their children by letter. The main points are the large pro- portion of children with the•following conditions :—(1) Verminous condition of head, 22.6 per cent. of children examined ; (2) defective eyesight (errors of refraetion), 14.0; (3) defective teetb, 22.3; (4) enlarged tonsils, 9.0. After dealing with the question of notifiable diseases, the work of the school nurses Scc., the doctor concludes: To may mind, the n_ain necessity at present seems to be the improvement as far as possible of the sanitary con- ditions of the various schools, and the provision of such further school accommodation as will prevent the undue crowding together of the children in the class- rooms. At the end of the present year (1909) figures referring to the facts revealed by medical inspection and of sufficient magnitude to justify the drawing of definite conclusions will be laid before yeti, and these may suggest to you further action as regards the pro- vision of facilities for the treatment of the various defective physical cm nditior s found amongst the school children. Meantime information will be obtained as to the extent of which parents themselves can be expected to take action after the defective conditions in their children have been pointed out to them.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWS FOR SICK PEOPLE. (Bradford, 5-.20 p.m., by wire.)

Our special representltive wiling from Btadford last evening, says that Dr. Charles Fors Law, Ph.D., etc., of Baltimore House, reports most favourably on Dr. Cassell's Tablets as follows have thoroughly tested Loth scientifically and practically the preparation known as Dr. Cassell's Tablets, and can conscientiously recommend it as an ernicet,tly safe and effective remedy for all forms of mrve and bodily weakness." Dr. Cassell's Tablets only ccst 103 d., Is. ]-0. and 2s. 9d. of all chemists, and are. a certain cure. for' all nerve troubles, children's -weakness, anemia, stomach and kidney trouble', spinal and nerve paralysis and sll diseases arising from physical and nerve exhaustion.'

===== 0002601_19090724_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
THE POST OFFICE FRAUD.

At the Liverpool Assizes on Monday, George Beard (25), labourer, admitted hirg stolen a post office auk. book, and fcrged an order for the payment of £25. The prosecution was conducted by Mr. Butler, who explainEd that the prisoner and a man named Thomas Johnson were members of a travelling circus, and they slept together in a tent. On the 24th May prisoner took from a box hi the tent a post office bank-book, in which wet() entEred Jchnson's kavir gs d•tring the last two years, amounting altogether to about £32. Prisoner went to the post office at Newton-le-Willows, and by producing the bank-book and- by signing a post office order in. the name of Jchnson, Le' obtained £25. Sentence of six months' impritorrnent with hard labcur was passed.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
LIVERPOOL AND NORTH WALES.

The Liverpool and North Wales Steamship Co. Ltd. announce special ceilings for August Bank Holiday. The St. Tudno leaves Liverpool at 9 a.m. for L'endulno and Holyhead, giving rassengers a long stay of 6?: hours at Llandudno or short stay at Holyhead. The latter sail is a most delightful one, the steamer passing close to the rapidly developing and picturesque watering places on the North Anglesey Coast, passing in succesgion Red Wharf Bay, Benllech,Point Lynas, 'and Aralwas-1 o Holyhead. Next to the Isle of Anglesey trip this sail cannot be surpassed for rugged coast scenery. Another trip that is likely to be well patronised is the 0.30 ri.m.,sailing by the St. Elvies for Llandudno, Beanmaris, Bangor, and Menai Bridge, giving passengers long stay at any.of these well-known watering places in the Menai Straits, and ample time to visit the popular agricultural and horticultural show to be held on August Bank Holiday at Beaumaris. Unfortunately. owing to unfavourable tide on Bank Holiday in the Menia Straits, the usual trip, Liverpool to Carnarvon, will not be taken. For those desirous of visiting Colwyn Bay, the company provide „ connecting service at Llandudno outward by their well-known and popular steamer La Marguerite, leaving Liverpool t tLe usual time of sailing, siz., 10,45 a.ro„ for Llandudno, Beaumaris, Bangor, and Menai Bridge. Frequent service of electric cars ply between Llandudno end Colwyn By. Full particulars of these sailiergs can taa obtained on reference to advertisements, or on applica- tion to the company's office. AUGUST BANE HOLIDAY ON THE CON FINENT. Tickets at reduced fares available fir eight eays will Le issued to Brussels July 28th, 29th, 30th, 31st and August 2nd, and to Zurich via Harwich and Antwerp. Pas engers leaving IVarriugton and the Northrrn Midland counties in the afternoon reach Brussels next morning after a comfortable night's rest on board the steamer. For visiting the Hague, Scheveningen (The Dutch Brighton) and Amsterdam for the dead cities of the Zuyder Zee special facilities are offered via tho Great Eastern Railway Company's British Royal Mail Harwich-Hook of Holland route. Turbine steamers between Harwich and the Hook of Holland, and corridor trains, with vestibuled carriages, dining and breakfast cars are run between York and Harwich: From the Hook of Holland tbrough carriages and restaurant cats are run to`and from Amaterdam, 'and in the North and South German express orains to Cologne, Bale and Berlin, reaching Cologne at noon, Bale and Berlin in the evening.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
ROMANCE OF A MEDICINE ADVERTISEMENT.

Artist Enamoured with a Photograp:i 10

a Newspapar.

A pretty little romance has just. had its hippy clirna:(- in a Liverpoel church. However much we may decrY newspaper advertisements it oc7asionally happens that they have their uses in unexpected directions. It is to a photograph in proprietary medicine advertisement . accidentally seen that Mr. E. W. E. Bailey . . • • * is grateful for having introduced- him to his hapPY bride. The romantic story can bi briefly told as follows. Nearly three years ago, when Mr. B +Hey was a groeers assistant at Marge' e, tut with artistic ambitions which : have since lifted him above the weighing-out of keq of butter, he saw the face of Miss Emmeline Perry, ° Liverpool, looking at him from the pages of his morn- ing paper. From the accompanying letterpress 11; learned that the face was not a mere "ideal head drawn by a brother artist, but a reproduction from a_ photograph of Miss Perry, who, out of gratitude for bet rescue by Chas. Forde's Bile Beans from a trying 11lne0 had sent a testimonial for publication. The testimonial bore Miss Perry's full post', address. and Mr. Bailey, evidently a believer love at first sight, promptly wrote to the ladY; He must have succeeded in trarsferring to PaP.e_e some eloquent fragrance of his ardent passion, for tp lady modestly replied, having first secured the pert aon of her parents. That am the beginning °11... correspondence which rapidly became a daily lat,e e change. -Month' after menth passed, Los ever, lefeL these strangely-found losers saw esch other 'face Itc'i face, for many weary miles lay between Liverpool ardent Margate. But the meeting came at last, for the ardf.no. young grocer-artist devoted his first holiday to a miles cycling journey to the Mersey city, and return' more deedly in love than ever. Mr. Bailey decided on a bold step. He severed 11.,115, connection with Margaie, and came north to LiverPZus armed with only, a very small capital, tremen.u,;', ambition, and the one determinaticn to hasten home for himself and his fiancee. The new departure proved successful. In short.tet rat er. truly up-to-date romance, during which the ardour of those strangely introduced lovers to wavered for an instant, has reached a happy clininN the sound of wedding bells.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON EDUCATION COMMITTEE.

PROPOSED EXTENSION OF THE SCHOOL OF ART.

Gratifying Examination Results

Tie monthly meeting of the Warrington Education Committee N. as held at the Town Hall on Monday evening, under the presidency of Councillor J. Fulton- Smith. There were also present: Councillor H. Robtrts (doputy-chairnuto), Aldermen Bennett and smethurst, Councillors Barton, Birtles, Dickenson Lord, Pember- ton, Sankey and Wilkinson, Revs. fames Davies, N. 'Wilson, and J. Yonge, Messrs. C. Sawkins Bur Few P. Bradshaw, K. T. Fairclough, A. J. Jolley, H. litngdon. C. E. Parker, E. Plinston, J. Upson, G. Walker, and J. 11loore Murray (director).

===== 0002601_19090724_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATE COUNCILLOR MELD.

Testimony to the valuable work rendered in the cause of educAtion by the late Councillor J. J. Nield was borne by the Chairman and Mr. A. J. Jolley, and a vote of condolence was passed with the widow and family in their bereavement.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
APPOINTMENTS.

The DIRECTOR reported the appointment of Coup- eillots H. Roberts and J. T. Locker as representative members of the Education Committee in the place of the late Alderman Ellison and Councillor Nield, also ti at Ccuncillor Dickenson had been appointed a manager of Heath Side school and Councillor Pember- ton a manager of St. James' school. Mr. Charles lklonntield had been appointed a manager of the Sacred Heart school.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DEPUTY-CHAIRMAN.

Mr. PLINSTON proposed the re-election of Councillor Robetts as deputy-chairman of the authority. Ile oi served that Mr. Roberts was now possessed of greater authority, as be had been elected to the Town Council, and they would therefore have someone in the Council to support their minutes and mho °yid he well able to look after the interests of the Education authority. Mr. BURGESS seconded and congratulated Mr. Roberta on his re-election to the Council.

Councillor WILKINSON supported the motion, and said he hoped Mr. Plinston did not wish to imply that the iuterests of the Education Committee were not being looked after. Mr. PIANSTON : I did not suggest anything of the sort. Councillor did WILKINSON : It appeared to me that you .

Mr. UPSON saTd be did not want to introduce a jarring note, but hither to every Chairman and Deputy-chairman of the committee bad been co-opted or selected wernberp. Now the Chairman and Deputy-chairman were members of the Council, perhaps, as Mr. Plinston had suggested, the minutes of the Education Committee would come before the Council with more authoritative weight, but while. be did not intend to make any pro- position with regard to the matter he had all eady named, as did not think a better selection could have been made than that of Councillor Roberts, it would Perhaps have added to the interest of the work of the Committee if either the Chairman or the Vice-Chairman had been a co-opted or selected member. (Hear, hear.; The motion was caroled unanimously. Mr. ROBERTS, in reply, said there bad been a time in the history of that authority when the Chairman and Deputy-chairman wore members of the Council, namely in the case of Alderman Bennett and Councillor Fulton- Smith. Therefore, hustle present case, they were not acting without preceaer3t. He said with all modesty that he hoped he would be able to give Councillor Pulton Smith a god backing with regard to the minutes of the Education Committee, although while be had been Chairman of the Education Committee Coun- cillor Fulton Smith bad put their views before the Council as well, if not better than he (Councillor Roberts) could have done. (Bear, hear.).

===== 0002601_19090724_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
GRATIFYING EXAMINATION RESULTS.

Mr. Upson called attention to the results of the examinations held by the Union of Lancashire and Cheshire Institutes which were highly satisfactory. The number of distinctions gained by the students was nearly double what it was in the preceding year, and Progress was being made in other directions as far as the Technical School and Branch Technical Schools were concerned. Mr. Upson also commented upon the result of the preliminary examination for the certifi- cate (1909), so far as it affects the pupil teachers in attendance at the committee's classes. They sent in 20 students and 20 passed. (Hear, hear). Of those eighteen had secured admission into Training Colleges. He saw from the papers that the Chairman of the Blackpool Education Committee had been swaggering very considerably about the results of the examina- tions in Riad/pool. They did not swagger in War- rington. (Laughter). It was altogether contrary to the humility of the Warrington, mind. (Renewed Itanghter). At any rate they felt a little gratifict.tion in being ahle to present such a favourable result of the examination in Warrington. (Hear, hear). There was °ne striking success, as one student bad gained six dis- tinctions, namely, Miss Dorothy Johnson. It was Only right that her name should be mentioned, as there Were not half a dozen students in the country who had dope as well as she had done.

Mr:sc;ii(;iPaiitaribae-10-ihe loyal and admirable services of Mr. Robson and his Etaff. - TRAINING COLLEGE ACCOMMODATION.

The School Management Committee had decided to take no action in regard to the communication from the Leeds Education Committee in reference to the Training College for Teachers to be erected by them. Mr. IJpsoN saii their students bad done very well, and during the past year they had little difficulty in obtaining admission into the existing training colleges. They were beginning to think that the supply of the colleges was overtaking the demind. (Hear, hear.)

PROPOSED EXTENSION OF THE SCHOOL OF ART.

The School Management Committee submitted the following minute :—,On the recommendation of the sub-committee appointed to inquire into the accommo- dation and staffing of the School of Art,it was resolved (a),that steps be at once taken for the enlargement of the School of Art; (b), that the advice of the architects of the school be sought as to the best means of carrying out this extension of the building; (c), that an addi- tional assistant master, specially qualified in furniture, crafts and design, wood-carving and metal-work, be aPpointed at a commencing salary of £lOO per annum; and (d), that the terms of the engagement of the Head Master of the school (Mr. Clarence Alawson, A.R.C.A.) be amended so as to provide that his salary shall be a fixed amount—commencing on the Ist August, 1909, at the rate of £250 per annum, and rising thereafter by an n ual increments of £25 to a maximum of £390. Mr. UPSON said the year before Mr. Mawson was aPpointed 67 students sat for examination. During his fllt year 108 sat and last year 180. There had been 'ncreases in the day and night students and in every one (If the classes held there,so that they were penalized by the success of the school. They were bound to enlarge if they wished to make adequate accommodation for the Students who were already at the school. Mr. 1111wson had rapidly acquired a reputation as a teacher of art in the town and district, and they anticipated that the list glories of the school would be renewed and increased In the immediate future. Then the rapidly growing number of students required additional help in the way of teaching, and it was, therefore, Proposed that an additional assistant master ehould be appointed with special qualifications ler the special needs of some of the art students. The Committee had fixed Mr. Mawson's salary at £250 to is by annual increment of £25 to a maximum of £3OO. That, for the present, did not represent an increase, as hitherto Mr. Mawson bad been paid to some extent by the number of papers worked at the Examinations. ho Board of Education very properly said he ought to /lave a fixed salary. With the magnificent work Mr. atawson had done, the enthusiasm he had displayed and t„ he growing reputation of the school the salary was 0Y no means too large. (Hear, hear). The Rev. Father WILSON seconded. Mr. It. T. FAIRCLOUGH contended that it should have been left to the Sites and Buildings Committee to Consult architects, if they thought it advisable, as the Work properly belonged to that Committee. Alderman BENNETT said the authorities had not elways sought the advice of the architects in making 'extensions, and the result was the incongruity in build- rings which was one of the most lamentable features of alis native town. (Hear, hear.) He was delighted with 'the figures which Mr. Upson had given. He had a great pride in the School of Art, and he was glad it was 'eturning to the palmy days. He was also glad that Particular attention was to be paid to the practical side of artistic education. (Hear, hear.) The object of the school was not only to obtain pretty pictures, or beautiful statues, but to carry the iesthetio idea into the everyday necessities of life and particularly to 1414 it to some of the industries for which the town was famous. (Hear, hear). - Councillor BIRTLES said be did not think it was U"ended to erect any building which would interfere with the elevation. He did not think much trouble would be experienced in carrying out the required work. lie hoped the school would regain the position it bad eld for so many years as one of the first schools of art in the United Kingdom. (Hear, hear.) Councillor PEMBERTON thought the minute about the t'srebitects ought to be referred back to the/Sites and aittildines Committee. The CRAIHMAN said there was no intention of over- "'Tiling any committee. That was merely a question "31 inquiry, and it was thought that the architects 'nriginally engaged should be consulted in the extension '5l the building. When their opinion was received they .uld apply to the proper authorities to go on with -the building. At present the whole question was tenta- tive.

councillor PEMBERTON said the great point, in his 'oPinion, was that it might not be expedient to employ

the same architects to carry out the extension. They wanted no unpleasantness. Any architect who knew his business was competent to do the work required. The case would be different if it were a building which was the crowning eflort of some genius. (Laughter). Councillor H. ROBERTS said he was afraid be was the unfortunate culprit who was responsible for the particu- lar minute in question. He suggested that as they had a certain amount of raCant land tiro, it would be wise to call in the architects who built for them originally. They would ask their advice' - and go no further, but hand the matter over to the Sites and Buildings Corn mittee. (Hew., hoar). Councillor LORD : May I ask who are the architects? Councillor H. ROBERTS : Messrs. William and Segar Owen. _ _

After further discussion, in which a suggestion by Councillor Birtles that the Borough- Surveyor should report on the matter was stoutly opposed by Councillor Roberts on the ground that that official had plenty to do without being called in on a purely architectural matter, the minute relating to the architects was withdrawn.

The remainder of the minutes were passed.

"EAR-MARKING" LAND.

Mr. FAIRCLOUGTI proposed the confirmation of the minutes of the Sites and Buildings Committee, and said the members present would see with great satis- faction the decision to reserve the land at Grace's Pottery for the purpose of a new school. It would be a good thing for the committee to ear-mark other land in different districts of the town, so that they could build schools at the proper time, because there was no doubt that if they kept. deferring the question, they would have to pay more money for sites at a future time.

Councillor WILKINSON seconded. and said it had been a source of trouble to several members of the Sites and Buildings Committee that they bad not the power to e ir-mark certain pieces of land which they knew, as Warringtonians, would be wanted during the next five or ten years. The site of Grace's Pottery was already owned by the Corporation, and there w ould be no trouble in transferring it to the Education Committee. Mr. PLINSTON 'wished to know if they were ever going to build schools on the laud they had already acquired? Mr. FAIRCLOUGII pointed out that certain notices had to be given before a building could be erected. Notices bad been printed in the papers, and when the notice bad expired they could proceed, but not till then. Councillor DICKENSON wished to know whether the inspector had refused to allow them to build a School on Grace's Pottery. Councillor WILKINSON said seine years ago the com- mittee in their wisdom, or otherwise, thought Grace's Pottery would be a site for the building of a school in the future. The inspector, who came from London, and who therefore linew more about the district than even he (the speaker) did —(laughter)--said they had no right to anticipate. He (Councillor Wilkinson), how- ever, thought they had a perfect right to anticipate. They could tell what would be required ten years hence better than a man from London. The minutes were carried.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
MEDICAL INSPECTION.

The report of the Scheel Medical Officer to the Education Authority for the year 1908 having been con- sidered by the Medical Inspection Committee it was resolved that the Director of Education and the School Medical Officer be requested to prepare, for the con- sideration of the committee, draft recommendations to the managers of those schools whose premises are reported to be defective, with a view to ascertaining whether such defects would be remedied by the managers.

The-adoption of the minutes of the Medical Inspec- tion Committee was proposed by the CHAIRMAN, and seconded by the DEPUTY CHAIRMAN. Mr. JOLLEY hoped that the members had "read, marked end inwardly digested "the report prepared by Dr. Ilibbert, as it was a document which should be seriously considered. Those who had given much attention to education work in years gone by would find nothing new, but there were many memLers who would find matters calculated to startle them. There were things which were not creditable and the sooner the stigma which rested on the town in the ground for Dr. Hibtert's just criticisms was removed, the better it would be for the credit of the committee. The members of the sub-committee were unanimous in .that they did not intend to let the matter drop. They meant business.

The CHAIRMAN said the report was really yet under the discussion of the committee, and they were gain- ing information front different schools in regard to the poinis rased by Dr. Hibbert, so that they would be in a better position to make a formal statement in regard to it. ,

Councillor ROBERTS said there were certain serious sanitary defects disclosed in the report which. he thought, could be dealt with at once and he suggested that the Sites and Buildings Committee should take the matter in hand. The minutes were earriel.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW SELECTED MEMBERS.

On the recommendation of the General Purposes Committee, it was agreed to elect as selected members of the committee :—Mrs. C. halts= Holmes in succes- sion to Miss Williams, resigned, and Mr. Linnasus Greening in succession to Mr. Henry Roberts, who has been elected a councillor.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
A NEW DISQUALIFICATION.

The General Purplses Committee recommended that no teacher or salaried official of any school or educa- tional institution within the county borough be deemed eligible for appointment as a selected member of the Education Committee. This had been passed in com- mittee by 11 votes to five.

The minutes were proposed-by the Chairman and seconded by Councillor Barton. _ _

Alderman BENNETT proposed the recision of the minute. He thought they had adopted a foolish policy in passing a resolution in which they were deliberately cutting themselves off from the opportunity of avail- ing themselves of the expert knowledge and experience which teachers in certain schools possessed. He even thougbt it a very fatuous policy when they realized bow much the work of the committee owed to the power they had to get expert advice and expert assistance from gentlemen who had special knowledge on the subjects they bad to deal with. Let them take the case of Mr. Upson. If they carried out the resoln- tion to its logical conclusion, they would be deprived of the services of Mr. Upson. Mr. ROBERTS: No! No!

The CHAIRMAN : Mr. Upson is not a selected member. He is co-opted. Alderman BENNETT insisted that if the resolution were carried to its logical conclusion, they would not have the services of Mr: Upson. (No ! No !) The principle was just the same. (No ! No!) He was not objecting to the two names now suggested, because he considered.they were eminently suitable, but it was the principle they were adopting. He was called an idealist, but he was infinitely more practical than many of the gentlemen who jeered at his ideals. He proposed that the resolution be not passed. Mr. FAIRCLOUGR seconded. _

_ 7 Councillor ROBERTS said ample provision was made in the first instance for the due representation of educa- tional and other bodies by the constitution of the Committee and he submitted, with all respect to the profession, that they might have too much of the school master on the Education authority. They had to deal with many questions for which they needed the assibt- ance of practical business men. Mr. PARKER remarked that if there were too many people connected with education put on the committee, it would be done by tint committee itself. He sup- ported Alderman Bennett's amendment, as he thought the resolution was an unnecessary restriction. Councillor PEMBERTON said he should vote against the amendment on the same grounds that ha d been brought forward by Councillor Roberts. It would be unfair that one body should have double the number of representatives they were entitled to. The amendment was then put and was defeated by a lair majority.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON SECONDARY SCHOOL.

Entrance Examinations.

The following is a list of the children who have keen successful in passing the examination for entrance to the Secondary School, viz. : Harold C. Emerson, William Cooper, William E. Mason, Mary Winn, William llindley, Arthur West, Louis C. Leigh, Frank H. Day, Charlotte A. Furness, Doris Thompson, Walter C. Balmford, Arthur J. Greenhalgh, Sidney Harding, Ethel S. Birrell, May Maginn, Annie E. Jenkins, Gertrude Hough, Gilbert Wood, Joseph M. Beswick, Annie M. Knowles, Edith Wilcock, Charlotte F. Hough, Frank R. Done, Muriel A. Pike, Eleanor Shaw, Emma M. Bennett, William A. Bromley, Alice M. Chadwick, Arthur Simkin, Doris M. Humphries. Thomas Ir. Lightfoot, Thomas C. Pearce, Sam Benion, John Scattergood, Fred Alhinson, Frank Manning, Harold Simcock, Florence M. Johnson, Stanley Shakeshaft, Kenneth C. H. Westcott, Winifred M. Jackson, Ella Middleton, Arthur V. Bellamy, Arthur K. Forbes, Annie Keen, Dorothy G. Peacock, John R. Lilley, Ryder, Josiah Long, Gilbert Cook, Sidney Williams, Florence C. Bissell, Marie hey, Joseph Daintith, William Fraser, Cyril Graham, John F. Woodcock, Ella Porritt, Joseph S. Gavan, Annie Weston.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
GOLF.

WARRINGTON.

The fourth rpund against bogey was played on Satur- day, with the results as below :—First division: C. J. Stone, 4 down; A. S. Dutton, 6 down; F. B. Roberts, 6 down; F. H. Wareing, 6 down; Dr. N. Dutton, 6 down; G. A. Connor, 8 down. Second division: 0. Lofthouse, 4 down; Rev. N. Lester, 4 down; J. Murphy, 5 down; F. A. Frost, 6 dowii.

Age. BAte Green, 286, Deane Ch. Lane, Bolton .. 15 .. Edna Wall, 61, Bright St., Wolverhampton .. 11 ..

M. Burgess, Caro!dyne, Stockport Rd., limperley £lO R. V. Davies, 7, Aberdeen fr.,s , Stoclport £lO John Haywood. 27, Station ltd., Stone, Staffs. Harold liarbage, 41, Heath Green ltd., B'hant Edward V. Lewis. 136, Eing's Rd.. Cardiff --LA Harriet Brown, Whitfield Yard, Norton-le-Moors 1:1 Frank Barnsnaw, 131, Grey St., South Roddish £.5 • Fsank Graingor," 27, Shawcross St., Seedley £s Bssia McQuiiian. 158, Donegal Hil.. Boltast 4.:5 A. B. Sutton, 174, Franchise St., Wedncsbury I:3 45 Norman T. Smith. 13. Auckland ltd., Sinethwick 3:3 Nellie Turney„ 707, Coventry ltd., Birmingham Frank Taylor, Brow Farm. Sankey; Warrington £3 Harry Warren, 53, Churchill St., Heston Norris £5 A. NS illiams, it, Grove St., Knutton, Staffs. £s E. M. Abornethy. 4, ikauivont St. hr. Broughton £.l G. M. Ackers, 2, School St.. (lin Pits. Astley £3 (l. Atkinson, 33, Lime Newton St.. Ancoats £2 Rita Adams, 31, Ctunner.and ltd., Bradford £2 J. Brown, 14, Seymour ltd., Gayten, M'chester J. T. Boulton, 12, Raven's Lane, Bignall End £3 John W. Bradshaw, 24, Feath rstall ltd., Otdham f.. 3 Ada Brown, 7, Bridge St , Eliesin,re Port £2 Edmond Brown, 12. Scotch St., Carlisle Elsie Clayton, 13, Dumfries St. Barrow-in-Furness £2 G. Calvert, It, Wellington drove. Stockport £2 Albert Conde, 26, Marsh Rd., Rhyl ..•••••••••••• £2 Olady3 M. Cooper. 332, Manchoster ltd_„_. Denton rey Evans, 16, Ch•ltiird St., C.-tin-M. W. G. Easton, 13, Warren Tor. Shirebrook Goorga L. Evans, Si, Foregato St., Chester C. E. Franlland, 61. Union St.. Chorley. Lancs. Ernast lielliwell, 35, Church St., Elkin,' I. Hart, 2. East Ter., Hi:Medan, Castle Eden Mary Halligan, 36, Flash Ed., Oldbury M. Hoathcote, 13, Monitor,: St. Pit/minor, Sheffield £3 Eric Horton, 334. Gorton ltd.. 'Reddish ...••__••,•••• Ethol Jackson, 68, Woodward St., Aneoats. IChr 4.4 F. Jackson. 9, Soag,rave St., Newcastle, Staffs. E. Livingston. Wesley lio.. Slaitlawaite ...• £2 John Long. 185, Wellfield St. Warrington •••••• £3 T. Lynch, 25, Smeaton St., N. Ormsby •••••••••• £3 /Jabot Malreith, 73, Cli. St.. liarpurhey.-Wchester £2 Fred Mac Kay, 10, Ilarte St., W. Hartlepool A. Mann, . -o Alliance St. Stockton-on-Teel £3 Maria A. Manley. 17, Will ow Cottages, Denton G. Pick-ring. IS, Castle St., Newcastle, Staffs Alfred Pattison, 8, Boundary St. Leeds Alio:, Procter. 8, Raven's Lane Iltgnall End F. Ralph.. Station Drive, Luillow ....... ...... £2 IL T. Rosenbehm, 14, Fountain St.. IL. Tranmere £2 Annie Rathbone. Dales Green, IlarriXeahead May Robinson, 75, Clarendon Rd., Whalley Range 4:2 Gortrude M. Shaw, tl, London ltd., Northwich Mary' Sylvester, 77, Blenheim St.. Mary Smith, Houghton Green, Warrington Jessie Smith, Houghton Green.,oWarrington £2 Frank Taykr. Brow Farm. &Wilkey, Warrington •• £2 Ben Thorpo. 92, Junction St., Noma% li'chester LA Carey It. Thomas, 9, Crosby St.. Stockport Arthur Udall, 18, Clyde Stre•t, Fenton, Staffs £4 It. A. Whoway. 23, Dorothy St., Paitroy. Walsall £3 F. Whito, High Lane, Gawsworth, Macclesfield Edith Wood. 101, High St . Macclesfield' ...•• A. and T. lounge, 3s, Gladys St., Lightbowne

Lucy Alcock. 4, Newcastle ltd. Stone ....... £1 Doris Appleton, 303, Gidlow Lane, Wi•gan EI Blizabeth Acker., 16, Mart Street, Bradford £l Ada B. Arch,r. 167. Gramze Rd., Small Beath £l W. Leslie Asalnder, 102, Richmond Rd., Ilford Arthur Ackerley. 53, Lawrence ltd.' Broadheath El F. Addibon, 3, Fishwick View, Preston Bertha Asquith, 34, St. George's Ild„ Barnsley' Frances Acton, 12, Madeley St., Tunstall B. Arden. 35, Union St., Lr. Tranmere. }Mead Gordon Aitken, 53, Church Rd., Tranturre W. B. Adamson, SR, Peel St., Spring Bank. Hull ..£1 T. Allen. 14, Beech Rd.. Heaton Mersey. M'cr. Alice Ashton, 3. Police St, Stockport . . • EI M. Applegate, Queen'.Rd. Fakenham, Norfolk B. Acton, 4. V, ickentrm Lane, Failsworth, CI Chris. Ainsworth. Cromwell Rd.. Ribbleton W. L. Ascroft, 127, Brancher St., Chcquerben £1 V. B. Atkinson. 6, Cromwell Gr., Levensbulme CL Maud Antley, 236, Warwick Rd.. Spcskhill Amy Antley. 306, Warwick Rd., Sparkhill .., CI N. Adams. 23, Baxter St.. Bank Quay. W'gion £l" Lilian Aepey. 111, Bradford St.. Ancoats Harold Acton, 3. Ogden Lane. Hr. Openshaw L. Aehley. 13, Heaton Ave.. Doffcoeker, Bolton W. E. Ashton, 79, Crescent Rd., Ellesmere Port L. Alexander, 31, Letitia St.. Newport CI Bertie Acarniey, 49, Bank St., Cloettiam 11111 Arthur Antley. 206. Warwick Rd.. Sparkhill 31. Bloxham, 29, Rein St., Attlebro', NUneatOn ft Barnieh, Watkin Lana, Preston Jos. Blackburn. Corn 11111 Farm, Dunhamlull El J. I:wringer, Nether Moor, Tibehelf, Derbyshire CI M. Barnard, 42, Lois-gates, Staveley, Chesterfield CI 3. 11. V. Brown, Brampton, Cheeterfield ..... LI J. Blackshaw, 36, Aberdeen Cres. Edgeley Robert Bell, 30. Burford ltd., Ilon'tle ......... F. Bleame, 36, Newman St.. Ashton-u.-L'yn' e El Willie Blundell, Cadirhead Mom Manebester £1 Wm. Albert Bell, 1, Clyde Ave.. hull ..........Li Ethel Brown, 96. Birchall St., Warrington . CI A. Brant, 70, Upper Thomas St., Aston Manor A. Battereby. 31. Moscow Rd.. Edgeley Pk. Stltimus Bell, 9. Herewaed St., Lincoln Sally Bird. 18, Shepivell Green. Willenhall LI Waiter Burgera, 17, Woodbine Crescent, Stockport El 3. A. Burnett, Coop St., Mount Top. Biretall £1 Fred Ile!lingall, 13, Spencer St., N. Reddish Vera Reid. 223, Southwark Park Rd., SE. LI Betty Byers, 69, Bangor St.. South Reddish Edith Brown, Black Horse Hotel, Endon Ithda Browne, 23, Nelson St., Weaste, £1 Peter Benahan, 58, Butler St.. C.-en-M. W. It. Blackburn. 225, Lytton St., S. Shields James Bucknall, 21. York St., Newcastle.. Staffs. It. Binnes, 46, Petworth St., Chertham, Wer. CI T. inflation, Well House. Park Pits. Latham El George Baron, IS, York St. East. Wigan ....... £1 8. burgess. Altrinehant ltd., Wilmslow £1 J. Willie Burgess, Altrincham Rd.' Wilmslow CI X. Boagey. 9, Grosvenor St.. West Hartlepool W. Edgar Barber, 84, Clifton, Sparkbrook A. Baader. 4. Heath St.. Newcastle-under-Lyme Annie Bullen, Ss, Follywell St., Blackburn Albert Byrne, 10. Abbey Rd.. Antield. L'pool _ El J. Griffiths Batten, 49, Boundary Rd., St. Helens CI R. If. Bradley, 16, Market Avenue. Ashton-u.-L. Li David Burgeon, 59. Windmill Lane, De.nton Li Sarah Burgess, 59, Windmill Lane, Denton Li C. Burgess, Stockport ltd., Timperley ..... CI J. Bromley. 55, Bright St., Wolverhamliton It. B. Benwell, 223, 'Westminster Rd., Ilatadswortb £1 J. Byrne, 285, Greg St., Reddish, Stuckport . .... £1 T. R. Bennion, 8, Clare Ave., bode, Alma Buckley, 1,5, Havelock St Hull £l B. Brownbill, 15, Kensington View, Liverpool £l. W. G. Barnett. 2s, Croft. Leiceeter . £1 M. E. Ball. 27, St. Andrew Rd., AnSeld'•••• CI J. Bedrock, 13. Higher Ardwick, Manchester Bernard Burrows. 268, Bury Rd., Rochdale £1 E. Burns, 47, Westbury St., Thornaby-on-Tees El liertie Barnes, 33, liolyh,ad Rd., liandsworth Edith Bacon, 27, Electricity St., Crewe L. W. Baker, 53, Queen St., Thornaby-on-Tees Muriel Barlow, Bath St., Warrington ... . .... EI H. Booth, Oakineunt, New Rd.. Whitefield Li F. Brown. Salters ltd., Werrington, Stoke Walter Bruffell. 378, Liverpool St., Beedley £1 E. Bowman, 112, Villiers St., Dresden, Longton F. Reswick, Grove Cottages. Grove La., Timperley CI Waiter Cobb, Ings ltd.. Kirton Lindsey Florrie Boothby, 8, Windsor St.. Hanley Jessie Booth, Prospect House, Middlesbro' ..... Li Jack Bromley, 55, Bright St., Wolverhampton El J. Bourne, handy Lane. Smallthorne, Staffs. Martha A. Bradley, 87, Harcourt St., Preston El E. H. Betts, 2, Ivy St., Kingsley, Wakefield J. Bailey, 15, Rochdale Rd., Ilarphurhey Li Jane Bennett, 38, Standish St., Chorley ...... B. G. Bollard, 41, Saughall Rd, Chester N. Byrne. 285, Greg Si., S. Reddish, Stockpoit, CI Bertha Ball, 45, Athen St., Stockport Mabel Brown, Whitfield Yard, Raton:le-Moors A. Bradbury, 247, Greg St., Reddish, Stockport Ciao), Blackburn, 371, Ashton New Rd., Bradford CI b. Barron, 64, Old Lane, Hr. Opeushaw L. Bracey, 17, Winifred Grove, Bahian Heath ' Burkinshaw, 76. Minnie Villas, Featherstone M. .1. Bettley, 3, Regent St., Willenhall ' A. Bowers, 17, Murray St. Higher Broughton .... El L. Russell Dooley. 50. St. Anne St., Chester Gladys Barnett, 53 Free Trade St., Hanley LI L. K. Balls, 22. Colchester Rd. IN althamstow B. J. Binks, la, Leicester St., 'Warrington James Buckley, 15, Sholver Lane, Oldham W. Birchen, Sandbach ltd., Alsager, Cheshire' Clement Burndred, Ipstones, Stoke-on-Trent E. Beardmore, Park Mill, Ipetones, Cheadle Leslie Bailey. 198, Oxford Rd., C.-on-M. F. Wm. Brimelow. Post Office, Cheadle .....- EI W. Beaker, 10. Lumley Rd., Redcar, N. Yorks. Joseph Benton, Level St., Brierley 11111 Joseph Benton. Level St., Brierley Hill ...... G. S. Bayley. Knutsford Rd., Alderley Edge E,l Walter Barrett, 3, Scarisbrick St., Ormskirk CI B. Heckle'''. 43, Queen St., N. Ormesby Norman Bates, 40, Petersburg Rd., St Li H. Barnish. 4, Ward Per.. Preston £l Sarah A. Blank, 58, Old Hall Rd.. Cesterfield 13. G. Barrand, 35, Fletcher St.. Warrington T. Barber, 62, Margaret St., Ashton-u.-Lyne Hilda Bradshaw, 260, Lees Rd., •Oldham E. Blenkinsopp, 34, William St., Low Spennymoor CI William Brown, 3, Paradise Rd., Salford F. Batty, 151, Pleasant View, Birch Va., Stookport El Annie Bamforth, 66, Carolgate, Retford Li M. Brown, Station Hotel, Stokesley, Middlesbro' Li IL. Butterfield, 7, Stirling St., West Hartlepool LI L. tilackham, 42, Cbetwynd Rd.. Wolverhampton Li A. Batteraby, 31, Moscow Rd., Stockport .•••• CI Reggie Blomfleld, Wales Square, Norwich Ivy Brown, 91, Huntington Rd., York H. Broome, 107, Princess Rd., Arliton-in-Makertleld CI A. Bayley, 157, Pershore Rd.. Edgbaaton G. Birchen. 18, Wharf St., Newcastle, Staffs. W. A. Balls, 22. Colchester Rd., Waltbainstow Florrie Bainbridge, 21, Junction Rd., Stockpert Li A. Bennett, Crossroads, Flashbrook. liewport A. Edward Berry, 53, Whit Lane, Pendleton ..., el Jessie Benson, 74. Duke St.. St. Helens .. Li Nellie Brough. 32, Hope St., Audley, Sta's. I). Burton, The Vinery, Clayton West Li Alice E. Bartlett, 40, Edgecutnbe St.. Ilun B. Butt, Oaktleld Rd., Selby Pk., ll'ham. G. Birch, MOII.II Villa, Station St.. Ashbourne Frank Bentley, 36, Westminster St., Crewe James Cramb, 34, Milbank Crescent, Hartlepool £l W. A. Capewell, 25, Garden St.. Newcastle-u-L. Grace Hilda Cave, 11, Briton St.. Leicester Arthur Cliffe, 16, Bond St.. Tunstall, Staffs. B. V. Cbaloner, Bingrett Still, Greaford Clifford Cooke, 1, Moss View, Failsworth, Mier. A. Colon, 9, Bourn Place, Old Swan, L'pool. RI H. Carter, Broom Stile, Kirkburton . .. . El A. Cartwright, 43, Brown St Shelton', Sto•ka•• • El George Cross,. 110, Oldilleld Rd. Salford Oliver Cooper, 118, Gt. George 'St., Wigan I. W. Cooper, 438, Warrington Rd., Culcheth Arthur Cull, 86, Gladstone Ave., East Ham Blabs Clough, 5, Burton Square, Tarporley El E. Manners Carter, 89, High St., Hartlepool • £.l B. Carr, Brown Heath. Waverton. ChesterLi Frances IT. Clayton, 23, Grundy St., Golborne CI a. Clarke. 25, Oxford St., Latchford, Warrington 14. Clarkson. IL Union St.. Stacksteads, Bacup CI G. Cooper, New Lodge. Higher Walten. 'tram 3. Clarke, Manchester Rd , Martinacrof t Thomas Cotton. Checkley, Stoke-on• Trent Amy Cross, 64. Brinksway Rd.. Stockport ......... El • r. Culver. 21. Westmoreland U.. Longeigh‘ P. OasOell. 10. gursery 114., Meaton

L. Charlemon!), 15, Torfield Cotta., Matlock C. Cook, Fish Shop, Owston Ferry, Doncaster 11. W. Cook, 4, Susnex St., Rochdale D. Chantier, 77, Camden Rd., Tunbridge Wells Muriel Vernon Cox, let 5, Oberne St., Sheffield A. G. Collett, DO, Obury Rd., West Smethwick Louie Clarke, 7, Witiow Bournvillo J. Cruddas, Oxbridge 1.n., Stockton-on-Tees W. Coupe, 2, Victoria St., Longridge, Preeton Christopher Clarke, 19, Corporation St., Salford D. Cooper, 93, ietoria St., Chadderton, o:dham J. Crosby, 27, Well Row, Broadbettom, M'cr. M. Clowes, 141, Beaten St., Birches head, Hanley A. H. Carter. 85a, •thifelon Rd., Clayton Park J. Caldwell, 21, Hind St.' Tonge Fold, -Bolton •••• W. Collie, 133, Campbell Rd.. Stoke-en-Trent W. collie, 133, Campbell Rd. Stoke-on-Trent Beale Collis. 133, Campbell lid., Stoke-on-Trent Joseph Cottam, 193, Greg St. South Reddish J. It. Crowther, 9, Orthes Grove, Beaton Chapel A. Crowther, Z., Eustace St., Gt. Lever, Bolton H. Canner, 2, Brayford Villas, Brayford, Lincoln Doris collins. 10, Camp Lane. Ludlow. Salop L. Cartwright, 163. Tat Bank ltd., Oldbury Jesosie Curtis, 85, Stockport ltd., Levenshuime Rita Copiand, 13. King's ltd., Brook's Bar, M'cr Sarah Cartwright, 15, llawick St.. Carlisle A. Crawley. 06, Battersby Lane, Warrington 1. Clarke, 36, Okehamptcn Rd_ Willesden T. W. Coe, 6, Silver St., Boiling, Macclesfield F. George Cook, 8, Grant St. Stoke-on-Trent S. Clarke, 25. Oxford St., Lshchford, Warrington Bertha Copson, Q. Abbott St., Ilorwich E. A. Cotethurst, 5, East View, Dr. •Openshaw Ai. A. Cope, Black Hand Cot.. Ipstones, Cheadle James Cuerden, 12, Winter St., lierwich Edna Collier, 15, Proepect lid., Cadithead Harold Capewell, 97, Sun St.. Tunstall, Staff.. A. Coupland, le2. Hanover Bldgs.. Tooley St. Ague', Ciemniy, 8, Union St.. Chorley A. Chrieton, 5. Luke St., Trindon, SO. Jennie E. Cooke, 16, Bremner St., Edge Hill Ethel Chidlow, 22. Newtown, Market Drayton J. W. Clewley, Whiteley Green, Adlington . er. Corbett, Victoria Coffee Ito., W. broinwich W. Crew, Cleveland Pl., Old Mil, Staffs. W. Callaghan, 21, Linwood St., Rose Side. M'clir L. 3. comiey, 141, Green Lanes, Small Heath F. Cooling, 180, Rutland St., Now Glee. Grimsby J. Clarke, li, Oxford St., Latchford, Warrington _None Court, Padgate La., Padgate. Warrington Whiffle Collis, 133, CaMpbell Rd. Stoke-on-Trent Jan?" Cewley, 36, Lowndee Si., Preston Arthur Citambere, 11, Hare Street, Woolwich Conde Ceram. 1, St. Margaret's Pl., Bradford Fred Dewsbury, 2, William Street, Altrincham X. A. Deride, 14, Ryan St., Stockton-on-Tees 'Martha Durrant, Wept End. Wrentham M. E. E. Davenport. Nipley Heath, Mkt. Drayton Middle Davies, liorsehay, Dawley Robert Dove, 4, Acelom Street. Hartlepool 'W. Dean, New Bldg..' Talks:, Hollows, Talker R. Dockrill, 12, East Grove, C.-on-X.. Irehr. L. Dewhurst, 6, Bottom oth Moor, Harwood B. Davies, Barton Lane, Farndon, Chester Lizzie Duckett, 15, Market Place, Birkenhead Edwin Durham, 432, Foleehill Rd., Coventry Alice Durham, 432, Foleshill Rd., Coventry Annie Downers, 8.9, Church ltd., New Mills, Sport Ritty Dale. Frith Farm, Wrenbury, Nantwieh _Kitty Dale, Frith Farm. Wrenbury, Nanti Darruch. 47, New York St., Manchester A. Donbarand, 121. Rylance St., Ardwick W. Dixon. Bredbury Green, Romney, Steckport lions Davies, 177. Beigraee Rd., Birmingham Thomas Dutton. 2, Egerton St., Runcorn et. Derbyshire, 21, Bradburn Ste_ Cheetham S. Darien, 32, hill St.. Pentre, Broughton . John Dyson, Bank End. Thorne, Doneaeter Wittrid Drakeford, el, School Street, Hanley Lizzie Dutton. 8, Elm St., Northwich. (flies. 31. X. L. Davies. Whiteley Green, Bollington as. Davis, 136, Grove Bd., Sparkhill, Birmingham Alice Davies, 2S, Pownall St., Altrinchain May Davies, Peat Hills, Bugsworth, Purlieu Vale B. Dangerfield. •Walsall Rd., Wednesbury Miss Donnelly, Bright Street, Aston If. Dean, 12. e, Birmingham Rd., Turdale, Tipton E. A. Davidson, 31, Green La., Heaton, Moor Gladys Davies, 8, Fletcher St., Warrington ;Frank W. Etched!), Bottom Boat, Stanley, Weleid Eiorence Ada M. Evans, 303, West St., Crewe Eccles. 50, Parker St., Rushton. Blar Ethel Edwards, 166, Hall St., Stockport....... 41. Evans. Great Hale St., Market Drayton live K. Emerton, 71. Market St., Earlestown :Frances Ellis, Z 3, Winchester Avenue, Leicester Frances Bilis, 23, Winchester Avenue, Leicester .Frank Edwards, Sheep Raab, Caverawall, Stoke Sidney Else, 5. West It., Goldthorpe Harold Edwards, 48, Sutton St., Warrington W. Alfred Edley, 52. Melbourne ltd. Sheffield V. H. Evans, 41, Carmichael St, Edgeley (Ewen Evans, Church St., Rhos. Ruation James Egan, 116, Hyde Road. West Gorton George F,achus, Stoke Works, Brorusgrove Oliver Eibmurt, 423, High Road, Leyton, Essex M. Edwards, 102, High St., New Mills, Stockport X, N. Ewers, Eltnieigh, Florninglow, Cross Hilda Etchele, 113, Mill Street, Macclesfield W. Ewens, Black Horse Lane, Waltharnstow J. Edwards, Bridge Bolter, Rossett, Wrexham el. B. Evans, lb. Lorne St. Rhosedu, Wrexhian A. Evil, Bray Cot., Staniree, Shuttlewood Harold Emerson, 44, Willis St., Warrington IL Easert, 39, Charles let., N. Orme3by, Middiesbro' John Emlyn Evans, Gwynfryn, Renal Bridge Frederick V. Ea:den, 217. Oliver St., Birkenhead L. T. Fearney. Reddish Police Station, Reddish George Fletcher, Bk. 173. Clifton Rd., Sparkbrook Sarah Frankein, 8, Port St., Palphrey, Walsall Jessie Ferri, 33, Cattail ltd., Small Heath Lilian Ford, 119 and 120, Great Brioge, Tipton Irene Ford, 119 and 120, Great Bridge, Tipton Alice Ford, 119 and 120 Great Bridge, Tipton liathleen Feegan, Ilinstock, Market Drayton John Foulkes, Tanlon, Aber Road, Bangor, N.W. D. May Fynn, 14, Stockwell St., Cambridge 43. E. Fillmcre, 44, Edward St., W. Bromwich Ray Farrington, 32, Pratt St.. Newcastle, Staffs V. Faireleugh, S. Treherne Ede North Brixton B. Fleetwood, 209, Blenheim St.. Hull .E. J. Freeman. 10, Oak ltd.. West Bromwich Gordon Ford, 120, Great Bridge, Tiptcn M. A. Fielding, 8, Waides Sq.. Castleford It. A. Fielding, 8. Weide' Sq., Castieford X. Forrest. la. Regent St., Longridge, Preston .3. Leslie Fildee, 12. Preston Rd_ Levenshulme .1). E. Felton, 1, Antique Cottages. Pitsea Elsie Ford, 123, Gorton Rd. Reddish ....... ..... K. S. Fox, 31. Grosvenor St., Stalybridge M. Fellows, 6, Brunswick St., Ididdleshree.on-Tees Fodeu. 59, Upper Normacot Rd. Longton .7. Flint, The Rattle. Aehover, Chesterfield. George Francis, 17, Ruthin Bd., Wrexham 'l'. Faraday. 21, King Edward St., Salford G. C. Foster, 237. Dunetall Rd., Wolverhampton J. NV, Floyd, 32, Oakleigh Grove. Lr. Bebington Elizabeth Fiockton. Weetley St. Ossett Elide Foley. 46, Ripon St., Preston ........ William Fox. 21, Lawton Street, Congieton Elizabeth Gloss. 97, Gallgreaves St., Blackburn A. B. Gratrix, 119, Steven St., Stretford .. J. A. Grandson, 153 Whitehead Rd. Aston Manor Florence Griffin. 11% ' Tanker St., Walsall B. Gibson, 15. Garden Pl.. Normanby, S.O. S. Griffiths. 39, Norman Rd.. Ilightown. Wrexham T. 11. Gudgeon. 11. Lowthorpe St., Moss Side J. Grainger. 27, Shawcrose St., Secdley, Archr ' Martha Gate. 1, Market St. Stretford .. Agues Gilchrist, 7, Croft, Ilartlepool, Durham E. Gavin, 32, Cariebrook St., elarpurhey 31. Gilfedder, Manchester Rd. Warrington 3. Gregory, 40, Bilston St., Rd., Herbert Gough, 26, Atkinson Place, Salford .- Denis Good. 6, Jubilee Terrace, Grange St., Hull Lizzie Gibson, 2, Alma Parade, Redear Agnes Gibbin, Battery Lane, Martinscroft A. Gan, Alma House, Parklield St., Rusholme Thomas Gilchrist. 7. Croft bt., liartlepool A. Gates, 213, Runcorn ltd., Barnton E. Gerrard, Alexandra Ter., Chester Rd., W'gton Sarah Gilfedder, Manchester Rd., Martinseroft W. Gasket!, Old Hall Lane, Xottram, Idechr. J. Gavin, 32, Cariebrook St., Harpurhey Ivy George, 37, Uirlington Rd__ Bradford, Yorks Willis Goodison, 12, Horam Rd., Sheffield Albert Granville Potts, 88, Oxford Grove. Bolton C. Gibson, Riverside, Poulton, Pulford, Wrexham R. Gadsby, 71, Beaconsfield St_,. Norton-en. Nora Grundy, 131, Tyldeeley Rd. Atherton H. Green, 42, Gerbert St., Louillborough Hilda Green, 18, Wellington Terrify, St. Helens B. Garside, 48, South View, B. Hetton Colliery N. Greenwood, " Daisy Bank," Cheadle Heath A. It. Garrett, Church Lane, Little Drayton . Francis Gilbert, 23, Bright Street, Aston .... Doris Groves, 16a, King's Parade, Fallowfield F. iloodyere, Banbury Rd., Bromsgrovete W. Gandy, 11, Hooker St. Castle Northwich• May tirdman, 43, Park St., Longsight F. W. Gilethorpe, Springfield Rd., W'hampton. • W. Gregory, 551, Liverpool St. West, Seedley E. Gregory, 551, Liverpool St. West, Seed It. George, 13, Milner Ste Manchester W. H. (Sidney. 97, Shelley Avenue, Manor Park . Ethel Gibson, 23, Eccles New Road, Salford L. W. Gascoigne, 4. Hunter St., Northampton • Florrie Good, 94, Witham, Hull . A. Gregory, 501. Liverpool St., Seedley, Salford Hilda Gill, 183, Lowfield Rd., Stockport Hugh Gannon, 154, Ilaydock St.. Eariestown George Hogg. 49, Marton Rd., Middlesbrough M. liouldcroft, 2, Pennyman St., N. Ormesby (.4. P. Houghton, "Oakleigh," Padget.° La., Padget° F. X. lloit. 33, North St., Middletem, M'chester Kiety Berridge, 23, Union Rd., Bolton N. Berridge. Bartington Heath. Northwich It. Hollingsworth, 64, Attlebro' Rd., Moston Dorothy_ Hill, lose, Marsh St., Hanley, Staffs. Annie Holt. 1, Piercy St., Lr. Broughton D. Hadfield, Cranford, Davenport Pk., Stockport H. B. Hanker, Grappenhall, Warrington A. Bodeen, 28, Porter St., StaYeley ........ Annie Hodgson, 33, Calverley St., Preston Elizabeth Higgins. 34, Church St., Llangollen C. U. Iligharn. 475, Hempshaw Lane, Stockport Alice Hayward, 239, Ruskin Rd., Crewe Esther Harris, 4, Park St., Hull ......... ...... Muriel Huxley, Pulford. li•rexharn It. 3. Harrison, 1, Emery Bt., Cobridge, Stoke W. Higgins. 10, Sunning Hill St. Daubbill, Bolton Norman Ilornby, 3, Walleuchee, ilorwlch G. Howes, Blythe Bridge, Stoke Letitia Heady, 23, Striker St., West IlartlepOol Lily Horne, 103, Northgate St., Stockport T. Hodkineon, Stoneley Green, Nantwieh Harold Hardman, 6, Union St. Pendlebury G. Houghton, 3 and 5, Briage Se„,Earlestown Bernard Harris, 5. Alfred St., W. Gorton D. Hargreaves. Victoria St., Stoke Walter Higham, Victoria Crescent, Orford M. Healey. 29, Dall St., Burnley Wood, Burnley Geo. Humphreys, Eccleston, Chorley „, Merles Hatch, 4, Evans St., Preston ... ......,,,, D. L. Hooron, 157, Nottingham St., Sheffield 3 Hulse, 76, Whalley Rd., Ramsbottom tloino73o.ekus,mlg4,estgusete.n'avklGgaatne, .... ... MarionAnnielii! Edalo' R.' Hodges, High St., Harborne Lucy 21i11 13$ psa,wHi, sChtinvell, Leeds L. B. Holding, 14, Stanley St., Tunstall ........., It. Humphries, 81. Bismarck Rd., Wolverhampton., J. Hyde. 1.08, Reddish Rd., S. Reddish. Stockport G. Hawthorne, 124, Old Park La.. Langley, B'ham W. Iliginbottorn, Bonnyfield, Godley. Hyde Mary A. Iluinen, 59, Bridge St., Pendiebury Winifred Hardman, 59, New Bridge Rd.. Hull Albert Hill, 40, Festing St., Hanley, Staffs. E. St. llayues, Parr's Bank Rouse. WiPeford Y. Hughes, 30, Allen Place, Boughton, Chester

E. Kennedy. Eirchfield Rd.. Cheadle Heath Clara King, 54, Marsh Houfte Lane. warringt,tl El William Kennedy, H. Washington- St., Mexboro• S. Kerahaw, 30, Basten St., Hr. Broughton X. King, Stoke Reformatory School. Bromsgrove L. Krause, lea. Gyedall St., Hysen Greer. Mary Ann Kayo, Police St.. Stockport Robert W. Knox. 10. Gilkca St Mtddieebro' Oawald Knox, 49. (Wises St.' Middlenbro . Handel Kent. 185, 'West End St., Oldham El Biespie Kellett, 13. Abingdon ltd.. )tiddleebrough J. Kane, 4s, Wardle St.. Manchestir ........ A. Knowles. 7, Court. Kilton St, Sheftleid Samuel Kemp. 1. Melton St., S. Reddish H. Knight. 8. High St., Brindley Ford, Stoke Edmund Victor Knott. 75, Newland, Lincoln L. Kennedy. 35, Coral St., South Bank, Yorkshire LI Maggie Knowles, nt, Palmerston St. Beswick G. I). Kirwan. High School Hotta*. 8. Shlclits 1.1 Bertha Knight, 594. Ashton O.d lit . Openshair .Li J. McKeever. 2, Lr. Chatham St., Manchester R. It. Kelsall, 1, Neptune Si.. Tipton, stagy,Li A. Kennerley, Lime Cot.. North Bode, conglcton Li Agnes Kidd, 97, 'Upper Meadow St.. Belfast . at G. Kinsey, 49, Worthington St.. Old Trafford . it N. Lindop. Ashilelds. Newcaitle.untler-Lyine John Lannian. 14, Dean Street J. Lomas, Furness Pool, Gawsworth. Maceleefield it Si. Lockley. Wood Green, Wednesbury Wilfrid Leigh, 2.2. Hurdsfield Road. Macclesfield Bessie Leigh, 110. Hood Lane, Sankey sa A. M. Lewis, Girls' School 80., Llanddulai . EI Gladys Lord. 64, Lark Dill, Stockport M. V. Lennon, 65, Derby Lane, Stoneyeroit Li Lucy Lloyd, Eurton House Lodge. flown W. Leigh, 65. Wallend View, Stoke-on-Trent E. L.igiiton lit, Bolam St., Newcastle-on-Tyne Connie Lowaech, 69, Chaple Rd.. Sale L. Langton, 32 Richard Cooper St., Goole" T. C. Lupton, 75, Acclom St., W. Hartlepool Hilda Leigh, 6, Victoria Road. Salo Jessie Lee, 119, Lees St.. Hr. Openshaw Isabel Lindop, Lane End. Buckley. Chester LI John William Lamb, Hall Lane, Partington James Henry Leigh, 41, Hanover St., fitalybridge LI Witiiam Laverack, 13, Bantam Grow,. Mcrley . Herbert Lovell, 43. Orford Avenue. Warrington Fioronce Leak, 86. Stoney Rock Lane. Leeds Edith Marion Long, 15, Vernon Road, Southport Arthur Littler, 14, Wickaten Drive. Runcorn Bertha Laister. 147. Poulton ltd.. Southport El Ethel Lang. 113, Abbey St. Hull ....... ....... Ida Lawrence, 45. 111oxwieh Rd., Philip Lupton, 102. Essex St.. Middlesbrough D. Latham, Brook House, Chorley, Nantwich . . El Alex: Meyers. 39, Corbyn . St., Finsbury Park, N. El L. Morgan, 25, Beatrice Avenue. Gorton V. Millington, Wistanswick: Market Drayton LI Agnes Morgan, 43, Perdiswell St.. Worcester . El Edith Lucy Mawdsley, 86, Earle St., Earlestonn Henrietta Mann. 26, Earp Strcet, Garston, L'pool Li E. Monsey, 6, Clarence St. Hull ....... ........ William Maloney, Z, U. Coral St., South Ban- P. Molyne6ux, 1,163. Eleventh St.. Trafford Trixey Morris, Hall Houma. Leigh ............._it Andrew Mason, 7, Harlow 86., Sunderland . El K. E. Moorcraft. &amens' Institute. Middieithro'., El C. Maloney. 25. Upper Coral St.. South Bank Olive Massey, Martinscroft. W'gton .. ... E. B. Miniatir, 31, Romney Bldgs„ Westminster Elsie Marsden, 37, Craig Street, Blackburn . *I E. Morris, Moreton Wood. Whitchurch. Salop El Doris Maltby, 21, Chatham St., Edgeley. Stockport Li John Melling, 136, Conway St., Birkenhead Li George Mumford, 5, Sykes St., Ilyde Li H. S. Morrissey, 133, Ruskin St., Kirkdale LI Nellie Myatt. School Ito., Cannon Bt., Hanley Doris Metcalfe, 10. Powell St.. West Hartlepool Ernest Mycock. Chelmorton. nr. Buxton Arthur Ideliors, it. Palk Road, Wellingbero. Doris Marshall, 146. Guide Lane, Guide Bridge Lily Morris. 44, Reddiah Rd., Stockport Stanley Mirrell, 8, Spring Ed., Hale .. El Fred Mayer, 64, Chapel Street, Andley, N. . Staffs. El Nellie Meddings, 47, Miner St., Walsall Li F. W. Marriott, 4, Lancaster St., Barrow-in-Fur Li F. Mills, r/, Westminster St., Pendleton, M'chr. LI Doris Mawer, 49, Witham,. HullLi

6:lifille-r:GeWpe-i's tette, Victoria Av., iti.--1411;c1C14 Mary Moores, 16, Holborn St., Stockport fl Elsie IC Moore, 10, Richard Burch St., Bury LI Alfred Men.ley. 3, Bolton New Rd., Atherton Li A. Milner, Si, Upper Lloyd St., Moss Side .....Li W. It. Masters, 260, Fordnotme Lane, Stirchley Le Gladys May Massey, Zs, Dudley ltd., Tipton LI Harold Malligon, Market St., Roland, Barneley LI Charles Rachel], 14, Bantam Grove, Morley LI P. Middleton. 105, Doncaster ltd., W.-on-Dearne £1 Ernest Mitchell, 22, Jarvis Rd., Croydon Li D. Ida L. Moore, 12. Itushtou Rd., Ootridge Clifford Moore, 13, Magdala St., Liverpool F. Moss, 7, Swalow Lane, Over Winsferd . LI Doris Marriott. 15, Pleasant Row, Nottingham L. Meads, 31. Dartmouth St., West Bromwich May Miller, 54. Liscard Rd., Stacombe Li Leonard John Monk, 12, Heed Lane, Sankey E. W. Morris, 28, Rose Lane, Moseley hill R. Maddock, 16, Lloyd St.. Heaton Nerds £1 May Macdonald, 43, Salisbury, St., Middlesbrough LI Annie MeGrail, 22. Cobden St., Warrington . LI Agnes Neural!, 22, Cobden St., Warrington Li. Thomas McGrail, 22, Cobden St.. Warrington . L.I Biala C. MeWaters, Wimbalds. Trafford. eh-ester Win. McDonald, Lloyd's Arms. York Street. Leeds LI Leo. McEwen, 361, Deanegate, Mancheeter El G. McKenzie, 41, Greystoke Ave.. Neon-Tyne E. M. Nicholson, 16, Ralf Moon Cres., ge Ada Norris, 30, llayneld Ardwick Alice Newell, 170. Dingle Lane, Yeinsford H. Nicholson, 40, Lansdowne ltd., W. Hartlepool Mabel Newns. Cock Bank, Wrexham ...... Jack Newton, Pattinghain, WolverhamptonLi Ida W. Newlin, 13, North Rd.. W. Bridgford N. Neter% Renfrew Rd., Kennington. S.E. Jennie Nicholson, 109, Union St., Middlesbrough H m Harold North, 4, Leyburn Grime, Shipley Li It. Nicholls. 4, Prices Ct., Shrewsbury Arthur Newland, B, Ninet Avenue, liarlesden Marjorie' Nock, Church Hill lid., Handsworth Gladys Nichol, 35, Delamere Rd.. Levenshulrue Sydney Ould, 10, Rutland Rd., Ilford, Ewe.' Le Okill, 12i, Blackherse Lane, Iligham Hill Hilda Oberg, 39, Airlie St., Boulevard. Pull Ll M. Oldham. Radcliffe Fold, Get Cross, Hyde Le G. H. Oldaker, 8. Gerald 81dg.., Birmingham Le Elon Okall, Meg Lane, Broken Cress, Macclesfield £1 Harold Owen, Waterworks, Delamere, Cheehire £l. Horace Oaken, 41, Devon St., Bury Isabel Organ, 71, High See. Chezdle, Staffs. I. Oxley, 2, Lindley St., Mensbridge. Huddersfield L 1 Lillias M. Orange, re St- lll'Vak" •-. LI G. N. Ohbard, Grice St., Stockton Heath. W'gton LI IL E. Owen. Brook Muse, Northop, Win, Pounder, 17, Croft St., llartlepeol, Durham Cyril Pape, c.o. J. Crawford, 42, Park Rd., hull Elsie Preston. 41, Ilatherlow Lane, hazel Grove LI Elsie Palmer. 68. Paget Rd., Lelceseer T. IL Pomfret. 10, Green St., Br. Openthaw £1 J. A. Ponle, 74, High St., Newchapel, Staffs. Elsie Pye, i 7, Charles St.. Stockport J. W. Peillt, 31, S. Craven St., Motown, M'ehr. _ Le H. Poll* 31, S. Craven St., llightown, M'ehr. C. Plant, 1, Edensor Ter., Edenecr, Longton 1:1 IL K. Pearson, Cranliourne Rd., Bradford A. Payne, 18, Shakespeare St., Barrow-in-Furness LI John Purshouse, 6, Bristol Place, Birmingham LI A. J. "'egg, 30, Slane), St , Newcastle. bt:.lh. Li A. Proctor, 69, Queen's Rd.. Jarrow-on-Tyne Precter, Bignall End, Newcastle. Staffs. Joseph Painter, 7, liestheote St. Hanley Li James A. Pasquill, 66, Lyon St., Bolton, Lancs. Ernest Povall, 61, Posed! St., Birkenhead Annie Perry, 67, Mounttield ltd., East Ham LI G. D. Paget, 54, Prosser St.. Woiverhanipten F. rjekerning. 1. West Brampton, Newcastle, Staffs LI Elsie Platt. 7, Albert St.. Cheeterten, Staffs. Harold Phillips, 1, Jalland St., Hull .......Li H. Pennington, 49, Fredcrick St., Stoke Winifred Palmer, 68, Paget ltd., Leicester C. M. Platt, Eaton, Tarporley, Ches. Arthur H. Potts, 50, Broken Create Macoleeel Elsie A. Preston, 90, Howard ltd.. Leicester......„ A. W. Page, 42, Chester St., Middlesbrough J. A. Prescott,. 136, Lodge Rd., West Bromwich Rose Parry, 64, Park Rd., Traninere. Birkenhead LI T. Pearson, 9. Beaytuont Rd., Ormesby H. Pearsley, 8, Derwentwater Pl., Preeton -Chas. Pitts. 3, Liddell St., Hull Li Harry Partridge, 25, Smeaton St., llorwich LI H. Percival, 10, George St. Barnton, Northwich Li Blanche Parker, 39, Short St.. Bristol ......„ 'Thomas Price, Pattingham, Wolverhampton Ivor Passmore, 19, Pcntyla, Aberavon, Glam.Li A. R. B. Pinder, 7. Cranworth St., Thernaby-on-T LI E. Pickard, Claxton Greatham, Stockton-on-Tees ..£1 Dorothy Page. Bowdon llouee. West St., Buxton LI Wm. Prim pattengham. Wolverhampton Pithouse, 116, tit. Andrew's Rd.. WalthamstowCl LI Reg. Pickstock. 36, S'lledl,3' Rd.. Cheetham Harry Proctor, 12, Theatre St., Preston, Lanes. Olive M. Pointon, 34, Ford St., Shelton. Hanley LI Annie Plant 117, Lovely Lan., Warrington , Nellie Plant, 117. Lovely Lane, Werrington Eva Parry, 1, Chapel Walk.. Mostyn

A. Plummer, 8, Oxford Rd., Thornaby-on-Tece £l ee .7. L. Quinlan, 176, Brighton St., Seacombe LI elf Rose Rustage, Mere Platt, Knutsford L. , D. Redfern, 5. Holmes St.. Shaw Heath EI I Rueeell. it. Temple St., West Bromwki EI Alice Rose, 340, Ashton Rd., Oldham ...... Li V. Roberts, River Side, Edward Rd., Birtningham Ll F. Rothery, Carter Lane, Thorne. Doncaster £l Herbert Roby*, 71, Armitage St., Ardwick EI Mary L. Robinson. Bewholme, Seaton, LI Elsie Reece, 18, Queen St., North Grimsby LI R. Robins, 133, Solway Rd., Wiunington El Annie E. Rowntree. 20. Duke St.. Hartlepool. LI le Ragsdale, 40. Smeaton N. N. Ormesby CI Leonard Rose, 27. Grange Rd., Small Heath LI IL Rhoden. 7, Earl St.. Howe Bridge, Atherton Li Willie Ralph., Station Drive. Ludlow Edith Rowlinson, Wilmslow Rd.. Ilandforth El Ida Richardsoa, 31, Banks St.. Middesbro' CI George H. Roberts, 16. Hilton St., Birkenhead El Willis Ritson. 41, Thorpe Si.. Bolton ......, ••• LI Kathleen Raynor, 82. Acton St.. Middlesbrougn. •• Li D. Resehy, 32, Charles St.. Bradford, Wchester. CI VrilßocßzWnlrni7hAuirgcbhur4herrltdac;,, Liverpool it de rth LI George C. Roper, 190. Stafford Si.. ••••••Li A. Ruiphoure. 201, Tattenhall Rd., Wolverhampton El C. It. J. Richards, eB, Louise ltd., Northampton P. Rogers, 17, llindley St.. Stockport ••••••••••••Li Joseph Reeves, Aehley. Market Drayton Jack Russell, 15, Westeott St., Stockton-on-Tees 431. Roberts. Victoria St., biguall End. Staffs. F. Rhyddero. 72, Portsmouth St., (1.-oneM. A. Ridgway, 20, Inc. St., Heaton Norris A. ltoders. 161, Broom Lane. Levenrhulme W. F. Rangeley, 78, Trafford Grove. Manchester M. Riddell, 28, Darlington Ste Thornaby-oneTees F. Risque, 21, Ashford St., Betivelek, Manchester _ El G. Robinson. Wooter Rd., W. Hartlepool It. ILliasell. 44. Temple Ste West Bromwich F. Richaechion, 430, Collyhurst Rd., Manchester Margaret Roberta, 28, Lovely Lane. Warrington Iliminetoe. 27. Lower Offord St , Doncaster Rosie Roddy. 12, Upper Bank St.. Warrington M. Reaney, 231. Vttoxeter Rd.. Moir Longton LI 13. Itkigway 18, Deanegate, Newcastle. Staffs. 3. Renton. 43. Weodbine Avenue, Wallsend-en•Tyne Li George L'oberts. Holden Fold, Royton C. Roberts. Mellott, Welsh:leo' O. Ibibinron. 202, Barnby Gate. Newark. Notts. 11. Smith, Beachwood, Moseley. Manchester Ll R. Menton, 8. Sherwood Ter., Wolrerhampton It. Skipper, 152, Grenville St., EdgeleY •••, Li Harry Skipper, 152. Grenville St.. Steckpori . E. Shipman, 71. Cridlington St., Nottingham Charles W. Stokes. Fe, Mount St.. Preston .....•LI Alfred Smith. Alty's Lane, Orinakirk E. Smith, 6. Remney Ter., Terries St., Hull Harry Smedley. 37, Carolgate. Retford, Notts. R. So bulb. 213. Llyisrpool 111.. 'Warrington P. Sanderson. Common Cottiegharu, Li E. Sanders, Kenburet Retherhare ....... Ruby Smith. SO. Filkine Lane. Chester D. Smith. 27, Bolder Rd., Hap/tills; Birmingham LI 13. Smith, 58, North Rd. Longsight, Manchester CI C. Swingley. S. Byron St., Goole Charles Saxen, 10. Crescent Rd., Stockport. LI It. R. Stanley, 68, D..e.. ux Drive. Birkenhead E. Mary Spencer, 10. Sandyhill Ilford Stuart Simpaen, 3. Milton Road. Luton Gracie Scarratt, Norton House, Atherstoneit E. Sanndera 98. Derby St.. Burton-on-Trent Matilda Sanderaen, 309. Oldham Rd.. Royton LI Edith Rehoeeld, 11. Shiffnall St.. Litton Li El Doris Sara, 57, Tunttall St., Liverpool Dente Skipper, 152, Grenville St.. Stockport Jack Simpkins, 16. retrain St.. 111 l Jessie Smith. Ileughten Green. Warringten 13. Skipper, 1.72, Grenville St.. Edgeley. Stockport LI G. Smith. 74. tlickiey St Moss Side, Manchester E. Seamen, 13, Albany St., Leeman Rd., York F. Shepiey. 1. Link St.. Longright. Manchester Florence. Stook.. 19, Union St., Cheney Lancs. Max Shaw, Ilighburten Wirkburton, Nadderafteld EI P. Schmitt, Satthaeiwyd Melba. Ifolywell ..... El V. Smith. rost Office. Frodenley Dorrington D. Saynor. 66, Shady Side. Doncaster Jee Shemwell, Ilelymmarside. or. Cherterneld May Swainson, 63. Plodder Lane, Farnworth F. W. Smith, 35, Great Moor St., Stockport LI Bessie &wither.. 11, Chapel Road, Myra Smallwocel, 3, 'Peden St.. Neweaetle, Cl Myra Smallwood, 3. Poden St.. Newcartle, Staff CI . W. Smith. ta. ch,tham St., Grangetown, Yorke._ Li. A. E. Stiffen, 171, Franchise St., Wednesbury D. Smith, 27. Holder Rd. hay Mill.. Birmingham LI Edward Sheldim, 27. Walsingleam Rd., Liseard LI A. C. Shenton. 16. Garden St.. Penkhiil. Stoke Sinitheret. 53. Bentinck Rd., Shuttlew . LI Doris Stecilale, 5, DalLy St., Long.ight Li Bertha Sutcliffe, FF. Burnley Rd. Todmorden Lisrie Swan, 2. Durham Rile Canning Town G. Speckman, 2. Jim-Inch Place. Bull Frank Store, B. Tb• Pared.. Pontypridd ~. El L. A. Sykes, 111, Herten Villa, Farnworth, Bolton LI Annie Sumner, 26. Alma St. Eecle. Edith Marien Smith. 35a. Bich St., Steurbrldge May Sawyer, IF. Armoury Rd.. Small heath I. A. Simpson. 40. Oldhern ltd.. Springhead Alec. Smith. 27, Grey St. Hr. Openahaw . 11. C. Scaling. 232, Mill Stream, Bradford, M'chr LI Tom Shaw. Penn Rd., Penn, Wolverhamoton Beatrice Smith, 50. Albert Reed, Prerten Fred Smith. 2e, Stafford Road, Wolverhampton C. E. Stansfleld, Thornten, Bradford F. S. Shackluck, 113, Robin Hood Chase, Notts. Verdi Shaw, 52, King St.. Halley Carr, Batley Eric R. Smith. Zl5. Crookesmoor ltd., fib-held C. B. Smith. 83. Greenway Bitch Rd., Bristol G. W. Sinaniett, 111, Wellington St.. Openshaw St-ph-seen. 163. Solway Rd. Nerthwieh F. Snow, 51, The Garden.. East 'Dulwich. 5.5.• LI Gledre May Shaw. It, Elm St.. Cobridge Reginald Smith, 56. Glenwood RI. Catford LI G. Smith, 1. Zetland St., London Rd., Preston Nellie Sly, D 9, Lerrimere ltd., Walworth Philip Sehoteneld, Appley Lane, Appley Bridge Li Millie Smith,' Poets Lane, Southport Edith Sperling. 1,3, Cleveland Rd., Septoleriand T. IL Scarratt. Norton House, Atberetone M. Stevens. Si. Lowe St., Wolverhampton LI Granville Sharp, 15, Jaek.on St.. North Shields C. R. Smith, 235, Credo...mom' ltd., Shenleld Li E. Siddall, Littlemeste Aphton under•LyneLl E. Turner, 40, Greg St.. South Reddish, Stockport LI E. Taylor, Railway Cot., The Creseleg. Padgate Li T. Thentaaen, Aurtin St., Northwieh CIL F.. Sysen. 69, Bridengton St., Dyson Green, Notts. El Ida Brethren Taylor, Is. Carver St., C.-on-M. F. Tyner*, 16. Aberdeen Grove, Edgeley, Stockport M. Taylor, 16, llempshaw Lane, Stockport Et Reggie Taylor, 64, Lech St.. Warrington ...... LI Frank Turner, 31, Lingard St.. Reddish . ...... LI Percy Tonic., 5, Sunlight Road, Bolton Mabel Topping, 9, Barnsley Street, Wigan May Therburn. le, Clitheroo ltd.. Lengsight LI A. B. Terry. I. Egerton Cres.' Withington Jinnie Troughton. 78, Clarence St , Lanca.ter Hilda Tucker. Duzmill Teversale Manielield Cyril Taylor, 15„ Marsh lane. Nantwieh Frank Thornton, Werminghan Lane, Middlewich £1 T. Torr, 6, Castle Grove Ter., Coniabro' . . LI N. Taylor, 40, Tins. Green, Cutcheth, Warrington al X. W. Tyrrell, 45, Montague. Rd.. Leicester Geo, Taylor. 92, West Ter.. South Bank LI M. A. TOMPOI2, Sheep Wash, Carerswele Stoke F. Lambert, 5. Townticid Lane. Barnton ... LI F. Thompson, 59, Caroline St., S. Fishwiek Parade LI Dorothy Traynor. 53. Chtklleld El Dorothy Thompson. 40. Cornwall Street, Chester A. C. Thorpe, 84, Southbridge Rd., S. Croydon Albert Trinder. 131, Herbert. Road. Small Heath Beatrice Annie Veer, 115, Blenheim St., Lull Frederick Turner, 54, Blenheim Gardens, Reading George Thernley. 42, Princes Street. Stockport 0. 11. Trafford. xi, Legh Ter.. Newton-le-Wow I G. It. Terry, 11. Frogmere Rd., Stanley ............Lt M. Kathleen Turner, Bury Beak, Stone, Staffs. Lily Tetlow, 22, Link St., Longrieht Nora Taylor, 12, St John's Rd.. Chester CI E. V. Townsend, 19, bay 'View Ter.. •Ireravon Li Sylvia Tompkins, 41. Belmont Street, Mexbro' ~ El Geerge Turner. 79. Smawthern Avenue, Castletord LI Frank Thornton. 43. Hawarden Street, Bolton LI ..G. Temlineen, 11, St. Agnes Rd.. Leeds LI A. Tunnicliffe, 31, Spriug Longton ....... Marjorie Tiffany, 7, Sussex Street Bertha Townley. 13. leingeton St.. Stockport Gladys Taylor, 2, Elm Street. Nerthwich ... Albert Tretfa, 23, Winnington Lane. Northwich fl H. Taylor, IS, Middleton Rd., Went Hartlepool C. Udall, 3s, Oidneld St., Fenton. Staffs. . • LI P. W. Underwc.od, 105. Leonard Rd., Hanle, A. Valli.% 11, Newport Avenue, Selby , gt Albert Vernon. 43, not Lane Bund em Li Kitty Varley, 23, Wolsieley SC., Burley. Annie Tare, 44, Shrigley ltd Bonington El R. Weatherell, 2. alcove St., West !tanks:not. A. L. Williams, Brvngwalis Vale Rd., RI TI J. F. Wilmott. 9, Wateringbury fere ritanaley George Witeldington. 90, Earle St.. Earleitown Fierrie Walker. It. Errol Street, Middlesbrough fl 0. NVinterton, It, Rueby St., Seeourn be the Li Eliza Wootten. 107, Sewerhe Moss Ae F. Winfield. 10e, Bridge Ste Bradford,. Yorks. Annie Ward. 61, Havelock St., Preetot, Lanes. Harold Walker, 116. Waterloo Road, Seralem F. Whynian. 160, Moss Lane Ert., Mess Side Annie Webster, 33, Berton Rt., Danarten ... EI hn F. Woedall. I. Canning St. ;Ili 11 ii Amy Wricht. 46. Spooner liii.. Broome 111. Shefseld LI Stanley Wakefield, 15, Samuel St., Werringtou Lucy 'Walker. 110, Reddish ltd Si' ekeert Sarah Wilahaw, 59, Buchnall New Rd . lianley Fanny Wells, 307, Barton Rd., Strete.rd M. Walton. 12,5. Ilexton IW.. Reentry. Stockport El It. J. Wheelwright, ifli, St. Vince.A. ledywrod E. Ward. Heeth Howe. Whttton. Chndle, Stoke I. Winter, Brandon Village, Durtarn . LI 0. L. Wilson. 114. New Banger 1 1.. R. 'Reddish. Phyllis ley Wood, 42. Helena St . Mietbro' ._ LI Herbert Webb, Menai' 11111. Newcastle, Staffs. LI Nellie Wales, 19, Arrewnnith Terrale. Bolton EteM Wiilis. 623. Athton etd.. tpenshaw It. Webb, Si. Sylvan St., 74,w:otindyesol. Leics. T. Orrell Wrieht, 12. Stalbridj Ted, Crewe Kate W-rd. 26. Ootteridge Rd. Kinks Norton Frank Wright, 72e, Walsall 44, rlarton LI Harry Wright, 22i, \Vet's!! / Dat 'erten Clifford Wright, tee Waleall Fd.„ Do:erten . at Cliff rd Wrieht. 213. Walsall Rd.. Dirlseten ginald Woody, F. Lily See Ur. --runless!) Elsie Warburton, 70. Pules* Lane. Werrington U. J. Walburn, Cpper Pare Rd.. W. IlarCeponl JCL Louie Walker, it, High or. Leeds LI Ines Wilineon. 62. West St., Werringten . ...... . El F. R. Waller, SO, The Ova., Wsetheenitew B. Wad,. 71. Stockport. lit. Gee Croix, Hyde , D. F.. White, I. Cobden Pt, Wednesbury . LI I T. Werth. Moss Lower, flithington. Chelfordl CI Florria Wilson. 20. 5 C7lff Rd Withernrea Grace Webb, 138, Gee:hie:ad lii,, Teteeehem W. P. Waters. sWileen's Cot.. Harwich . D. Were. Clarence Rd. Button Celdtleld Stanley Watts. Gt. Fenton Hail. fteke-on Trent. J. Williams. S. Ada St., St. Beier, Martha Walker, 106, Robert Hall St., Salford LI Martlee Welker, 106. 'Hebert Hall Rt., Salford .... LI ' Martha Walker. 106. Robert Bell St., Salford .... LI Frank Weizhnil, Dale Lane, Eeeingsveld ... LI M. C. William., Geinas T r, Dodgem Trefnant. .. LI Cecil Weed, Deeride Renee. Newbrldee J. W. Whittaker, The Rosary, Betley. Crewe Li Constance Winiainsen. Itovfley Et . Burnley__ El M. B. Triune. 216, hunch St Weethtuehten M. B. Young, 916, (hunch St Weith' tighten May Y.rwieid, Dodlepton, or. Chest. r LI 3. 11. Washington. 193. Grey 3.t.re Lane. Brainerd LI A. Williams. Slings Perton. Woeverhalnpton Ernert Willey. King Ste Cottinehapre null _ LI Eva Ward, 57. Trentham St., Southeolds. G. It. Womer•ley. 100. Woodrept Rd. W. Bowling LI Charlotte Wakeman. 21, Pear St. Burnley Albert Wood, 70. Dean Rd.. ErdlngtenLi B. Wane:nen, 25. Circuler Failaworth•.:: LI R. A. Whittle, Cr-s. Rd , CrueipsollLl A. Whit head. 35, Ilieher Croft, PeoneIrm:11•••••• CI Roth Wood. Cohridge. strB.-un-Tr.nt ....... LI Olve Wilton, 604, Liverpool ltd. Team ....... LI E. White, Si, Sams 'anis, Wert, itrionwich Fred Whit.. 27, I'llingington Rd Preston . El Elizabeth Ann Wileeek. 59, Firs Lane, Leigh fl Millie Ward, Hole Fenn. Haugh, Wiltericw . James William. 4, Monett Sn.. Carn.rvon. N.W. Li B. at Walker. 15. Alb:niter it rough Rd., 13. M'bro' el Herbert Wood. 47, Grey St.. Openshaw .. . LI B Williams. 20a, Brattan _ . Birkennee•d .. rt C. H. Warder., 41, Lintherpe Mews. Middleabro' F. Windle. 66. Talbot Lane, Retherham Hannah Wynne, 21, Itanirbottom Rd., llorwich • LI R. W. Wiseman, 60, Wellington St.. Seem T. Thomas Wilcox, 74, Ullswater St.. Liverpool L. Wooldridge, 89, Inkerman St., Weir. rbampton Li B. A. Wright, 60, Ferndale Hit. Sefton Pk. S. E. Welhain. 9, Deere St. Middleebro' Li LI p. Ward. 3, Belmont St., Eu,ton Rd, Ranier. A. Wiison, 27, Mitre St., Stockton-otoTees I. Wilby, 25. Station Rd.' Oseett, Yens. EI Winnie Watts, 5, Stanley Avenue, Steckport ....._ LI L. White. 114, Birchneld Rd., Weliheeth, Redditeh LI E. F.. 'Wilson. 42, hope St.., Crook, Co. Durham Wricht, 222, Waleall Rd., Wednesbury E. Yates, 14, Brunswick Place. Stanley. Staffs. T. Young, 18. Warren St.. Sunderland

DELHI.

..... --;.7. ' ::,, - ' ;!..' !. -.: . ' '''''-'"' ' r. 6. 5: . •'.'''. ' '-'-''. , --- .': . ' ' 't,', (-1 ' . .'' • :. ' ' '7;;":::j .. , ~ , .. : ~ .. , ' :* '' 'i ' ,?.: . ' ' '• ' ' '.- -gt, . 11" ' ..-' ,'''',';'", 4 I D!.1..L?..:fi . , . ii '.. i ' ‘l' - •.. . , ~,1i•;',..• .."------;-, ---;--i.,,f,1..,-,.. '-. ~ ''..:', . , „A., ~ . <..... -..ii; ~, '• , • ..,,,e., / -.- - . ."<"..'.-'''';',?...r'''.'....!'4.-Y.' .= ... 1I i. Al. , . ir'''.'-'''''' • ' , ~;.. ~.. .• . .. A-.......;.. • , .. ~ • '4'.:7...<;;,,-'-.'..-,,,.... '',4 . ~ 2-*--'-,-17:,,,,t, ''..tss'.irk.•'. '.4,... -s ' . .. ~ ' i ~'4,..'...4','''''''' ;„' ' '''. ' '''.• '', ~. '' ' :',; ,-. ;.:,,,,„:,e . c.4",..;;;;...:::••;-4 '''.'''''.':.;• ..:...,*,:,','!:;!t,'. -4,.. ,A. t• I ';•!:";;;;C;;;;Ik,"". ' ' ''';-; ";""; ~• -,.' ; ;;‘"," °;.•',.1 •••••':.;';';'"•,'''S'-':"...",71;..-e ''• '''• •-• " " ;i, 0744; it, ; i :r.>' : ,;"'-' -,,,;., 3- - ‘-, , -•,,• ,1, • ' ' rri 11=11'1 -...,...,...-.‘,.,,,...,...„'..._...,..„.„,...,,,:.3,,,, _......,_,..„....,,.. ..,. ~:.„,-,-1,,,,1,..... . ' :..._. .;.,... : ~,.„14,..„.,.. -...- .t.-."-,-..,--fit!e.,,,,,,.,-..: .„,,,,,,,,,:...,..,,,t-:...,...,4,,•:..„ ...,.....,4,0.,,;v,-,,, ~.:,,..,,,,..:„..„:.,..,,,., .4, " , - , • ~ ~:-.,,,,... - ~ ~ —,--, i.---,,..,,,,..., t„..,„:.,..„...-...-....:f..,..,,,... • - . ~, - - ,:_______...„..-:...,..:_-.......,--_, a . ~<„,„..,,,,...-..., ,„ ~,,,,...,..;..,.4-4,„ ..:-....7,,,,,.....-s-: •,. . , ~,,_....,...,„,,..„-_-,,,,._,..„,-.-,-,—;-'--E i.-, - P ,:',:;,-;,, '' ' ''. ':'''..C.' '''' <-''. 4rN414 - - ;--. - - - - -, - - k- ---t I '''e ~,,e'; ..,,;1,,14V ';:lr:-''' " ~ _,_ , , . ..:.,,,,,„,.:.........,.,.,..,....,.... ~..„....,.,., : . , .. , .„.,, ,„4..,„ .0,-, 4 . ~. . .... ..: ..' ,'' - ' • . .r.r.•,, .i.sikAike.!:' 1-2,,,,, ~.sweior...---'•°?''.''''.'ee •;1' '-q-,,,,tt7oVittfilt.'N- - A-••••••• , ~. ...,, ... „.•• • • ••••••••••-•••:-.. ~.... ~,.. . ....., .... .. ~:,, ';‘).. ____------; , 1 .;'.t.•.)t;1",,, ;, ; ' ?";•• .t; ":••••;;;;I';'•;;;;;;.#1' ~1'14151,1"...c'•04i:R":,..., ti'•"-,,,,';:,;..;.,t_••••i?".1,54it:f.;- ...,, , „;-;-‘,..,.,.A.,:.. ---->',,.v.,..*:..,...,..,..tv.:•.,.<,....,.....).-Ygpriin:A'-t*lt s.. -- :.. . -;. . ~„. , , -::, '.:' '''''''''' ..-''.... ''..,'.' <:- - -..i7...1..i1, ....;'.l'.'•'-,:1.-%-'''..-,.....'''''-!::::''''''-'''';'''''s ': - . - , : . • .-.. . :•.....,,,,, ..4: ...... •.: ..., ..., .. ~...••. .. . , ...• . • ......,•..:.: ..:, . .., . . -....-.. . . ~ ....... f0.,...f.:,.:,•:.:5...>.,..; - -..:....:2', ~..-"N,•:•,,,...., .-• .-,-:"..4,.....,1,...,::::;;.....,.,.... . . . . . .. ...,.. ~..,,.. r ---,...41 ..::.1k,'":„ 1".'• . * " ' ''..;. 2,..,.r.,.. ''• ~/t: ,'..:A,'.-..,,141,;;,.t0. -...- .-,.k. -e.:..'"0..- -,0'''.1,..•.4.:1ft," ' ~,... ' .:- ' . ' '„. •• `. ::, ~,.. ;,,., ~ 'v,...,.. '..7.;,, 7.,..:".'..f..'!.':, ~.,,,''''',,:`..'".';',.-;...,..;::75i!1:::.:.:44'.. ....'.rtZ;f:',;:•.-..:.5.....trit1::i.:i,,',...,, ':-... ' ." • ' . '; : ..'. 7'' ' " ' - •:: :7?..t''' 04.7%,;,t-..,,,,,,w'.4,e :,',*.:,,,A,.,,,,,,,Agw,,,,..00t,t,' ~,,,,,,,..,,,,.:,,,,,,,,,:4„, •' ..,..;.7„4,,,.,... . . .. , ..., ..... --, • .., :. \,..,...,..:,...,,,,,,....4.1.,,,54,,,,,,, ..„,,,,,v.,,,......-.-.--,

===== 0002601_19090724_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
Emily Hatton. I. Phillip St., lloole, Chester Et Erreeet Hall, 23, Albion St. West, Chester G. Hathaway, Sunnyside, Kingsley. Cheadle Li Nellie Harvey. Cox Lane, Baddeley Green. Stoke G. A. Harding. School St., Rhosyden. Wrexham Stanley Harrop, 13, Wesley St., Hadfield .... El M, L. Horner, 38, Bowler St. Levenshulme LI H. Hargreaves, Moorside Rd, St., ..., EI Frank Henthorn, 8, Morley St., Waterhead El Dora /lend'', 971, Edward S_ ,t. Werneth it I. P. Hack. 47, Montague Rd., Leicester O. IL Hawkins. 69, South Porter St.. M'eheater. El Cecilia Houghton, 86, Chester Gate, Macclesfield Samna; Hodkinson, 2. Geneva Rd.. Winsf Z. Higgineon, 14. Williamson St.. Reddish £l Mary Howard. Ashton Rd., Bredbury, Stockport Willie Howard. Ashton ltd.. Bredbury. Stockport— EI Harry Holland, I. New Street. Wilmslow May Howard, Ashton Rd.. Bredbury, Stockport 8. Hardman, Walmer Place. Stockport Ed. Wehr. El R. Hammett, Bentley Heath, Warwickshire it Ida Hinehliffe, 30, Lincroft St.. Moss Side. M'chr. El Geo. Hanky. 29, Shipbrook Rd., Northwich LI Kathleen Hawes, 36, Burntash Rd., Lee, SE. it Harold Hughes, 6. Brightfield Road, Lee, SR. Walter Hughes, 6. Brightoeld Road. Lee, SR. _EI Walter Hughes, 6. BrightEeld Road, Lee, SE. ..E1 Walter Hughes. 6, Brightfield Road. Lee, S.B. May Hodson. 198. Turncroft Lane, Stockport 0. Hawley. 37, Newcastle Rd., Shelton. Hanley Leslie Huskins. 1, Fraser Rd., Sparkbill .. ... LI R. M. Hughes, 7. St. Mark'e Terrace, Wrexhant Dorothy Realm, 20, West St., Buxton . , ... El A. Harris. 05, Priam St.. Harpurhey. Manchesier— El Hilda Homer, 490, Green Lane, Small Heath Doris Huntrods, Holheck Moor. Leeds•••••••••••• it Mary Howarth. 365, Wigan hid., . Leigh. Lanes. Li Mary A. Homan. 3. Eleanor St. Gorton Mary Evelyn Haycock. 8. Edge St.. Burelem George Houldswerth, Ansley Terrace, Flixton Mary Hall. 36, Ellison St.. Hebburn•on-Tyne it Katie Hughes, Church Houee, Plumstall, Chester Leila UHL Z, Neville Terrace, Jlaxby ltd., York EI Mabel Isaac, 73. Bewsey St_ Warrington Samuel Akin. S. Chesterfield St., CreweEl Dorothy Isaac, 72, Bewsey St.. Warrington Li H. Jackson, 4, Sunny Villas. Rossett. Wrexham John Jose., Briery Brook, Bignall End. Stalls EI Italy Johnson. 35. Silver Lea AvenueL_Llseard A. Jones, 1. Park Rd.. Tae y Vron. wrola.al •• LI Leonard Jerome, 162. Hutton Road, Hancleworth B. K. Jones, 11. Norman Avenue, Hull ......•. LI Bertha Johnson, Oddfellow's Arms. Clifton ........Et Hilda Jona., Broad Lane, Bradmore. Nrhampten LI M. E. donee, 14, thirteen St.. Ardwick Green M Jackson. 8. Itrynruyfyr Venn lull. Southset Annie Jones, 60, Booth St. Edgeley. Stockport A, Jackson. V, Clarence Si.. Leigh, Lance. C.eris M. Jones. Menai Rd.. Bangor Elbsabeth Jabee. Stoke Old Rd., Stoke Amy Jahn. Stoke Old Road, Stoke, Staffs. Li Hilda James. Warwick Rd Mocks Green L. Jerenn, 16, Brunswick Si.. Heaton Norris N. Jefferson. 16, Granville Avenue. W• HartleVnli Li Elsie Johnson, 1, Great Hanover Street. Preston it William Jepson, 42, Brinksway Rd.. Stockport Gladys Johnson, 71, Charles Rd.. Small Heath Dorothy Jones, 137, Ilargate Lane. W Bromwich it G. H. Johnson, 60. Union St. Wert. Oldhem Lilian Jones, 24, Algernon St.. Warrington EI Eva donee, V, Froghall Lane. Warrington ... EI H. Johnson. 55, Alberta St., Florence, Longton W. Jackeon. 2. Beech Grove, Aehton•under•Lyne H. Jones, 1, Old Cricket Field. St. Helene . Li Gerladye M. Jones, Si, Salop Road. Oswestry El Gwladys M. Jones, 54, Salop Road. Oswestry $:1 Gveladys M. Jones, Is. sateen Road, Ossrestry Cl Clifford Jukes, /59. 11rsel:y Heath, Tipton Elite L Jonen. Waithington Howse. Bucklley it W. Jay. 55, High St., K laver. Stourbradge A. Johestrne, 15. Green St., Cale Green ..... El C. M. Joyner, 60, High St.. Cradley Heath. Li Minnie, Johnson. 21, Reweley St„ Beewick Minnie Julinson, It, Itowsley St.. Beswiek Minnie Johnson,, 21, Roweley St., Brew ick it Minnie Johnson. 21. Itownlfty Si..Baswick Li B. Johnson, 39, Wanebeck Gdns., W. Hartlepeol it Walter Kent, 21, Hermit St Hartlepool —.. it Ada Kershaw, 5, Fera St.,.oldham El _

===== 0002601_19090724_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
THREE MONTHS IN INDIA, SYRIA, AND PALESTINE.

By Truda H. Crosfield. (ARTICLE III.)

animals with nuts, in the outer court yard of the shrine. I never saw better climbing than was performed by on infant monkey, whose tiny wizened face expressed the live- liest fear at our approach. It swung from corbels and 'up and down perpendicular carvings in a manner fit to make an acrobat die of envy. Near by, a large cage stood in a garden and seemed to be the object of the villagers' evening walk. We approached, to see a magnificent tiger enclosed in a space barely twice his own length. The poor brute had grown fat and lazy, and as we watched, a girl of twelve or fourteen appeared with the inevitable kerosene tin which does duty for innumerable things in India. Tilting it through the wide bars of the tiger's cage, she poured his evening drink into a pan inside. Her hand and arm were within the cage, but the tiger evidently looked on her as a friend. He crouched down delightedly by the pan, and purred like fifty sewing-machines all going at once!

===== 0002601_19090724_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SACRED CITY OF THE HINDUS.

Benares town is so crowded and oriental that no European could live with comfort in it. We stayed at Clarke's Hotel, two miles out, a quiet low range of buildings with pretty creepers along the white pillars of the verandah. It was the festival of Ganesh, a favourite 'god, who is invoked to bring good luck to all undertakings; and we met thousands of natives returning from the temples and wearing marigold wreaths. But it is sad to see how symbolism has sunk with them to ridiculous and degraded idol- worship; their present rites are a far cry indeed from the lofty ethical purity of the Vedas, the ancient Hindu teachings. One is thankful, at least, that their religion strictly enjoins ablutions; a good teaching, which no doubt keeps down much sickness, other- wise inevitable. Thousands flock constantly to Benares to bathe in the Ganges, here especially sacred, and early next morning we drove down to the ghats and sat on two wicker chairs on the roof of a boat, from whence to witness the bathing as we were slowly rowed up the river and back again.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BATHING GHATS.

It is a marvellous spectacle, and speaks volumes for the piety- of the Hindus, for it was a chilly January morning, and India can be very cold. I would not have bathed

..„ - t , * It `..', , , • _ ... , c,,,,,,. • .1- * R',,...4,,,T.0.:•,-;,.-;-.,,,-,„:., , , •-4-0.40,,,.,,„- .';.-z:.- - .••-.77, ~,,.,,.-...‘,,:• ,-.---,-,k-,;.,,,, ..t,,',,',..-.':i,,,.,.4.57.4:.,i-ii,:f.f*.7.•:,., ' f r 7 '• -:•,,.-----.;,:' a',l4*--#4-,..;-;---#.l.?M'c; ..,,;,. iNtt!,,-4.;•;,- -:..; ''-,-..-,„ --,-4,,,--:,‘,-,e44..-44,--4-..74:77,444,7;•..:;:.;,,,. -,,.-.--..itt: 4 '..12.-. a•• - ''.''', . .-;z.j..`---,,,,-i-,,str.:: .'..-,v1..-1e•4"7,:f00k...,,--,;:::::,4.-,4-.- ~rt: ...-.4c:t4",•1, ?•Sr:',44;'‘:'.'2,V.f. '''''''',,f''' ''' ':i ti , ~• .•''-'4, ' 1.--;,'''.'i.,,,t - . ''' - t 'ill ' • -'-''IM ''' ?'''...'''.-4ti...J- a-, •-- --ailyk--. .4--,,,,..,,,,, ~•,,).',..,„,..--- • ,4:kr:.;..i,..:.- * ' —4,-,, - ! '7'. ' .-':.;i: ' ;1"*-1 ~ . 0.. '•'•• ' :.ig ';.l .A.y.l, , - l'ia'W.->v• ''.:'''t'•:74::;:l":'• '',.;:•'• 0;::':.. , .. ... • ...• tert .1 ' ~ -'''''„-,,,,,•',.. It lk,;:tvL,: . ~..,V,,,,,,, ,•;.,., „,•., -,11,,6#344.;. ‘,-,.•,:.-•:. .::: • -.- ...-'... ~,,,, -7•4'.-------gitc.it- - .5,.:.:11 • -.•• --t,.`7-` --', .-tk,,,..--1,.-,.:., .:•.'4' ..' ,- It .q.:, ~!,-"..7,.•--'_..,:-..:6`,.. 54,-.'.' 4,6,'' ..• ...':,'•,.....' -.,,,..-,,,:-. 5i1,..,-...-4,, ..,, 2; , !•070?•,.,0fi11if... -, ,• ? ,^ -.- ~ ~,..,i,i4„.,.„ • z'' i 1!..., 4' ..?;:." ..45„.••,.. .- "-'11'1.; -, ' i•••,:,5',"'::•; ~ ......,,,,„.„.:,.;.-Fti,„--, . f..- V-: ~. .;r:,... .kf, . ~, f. „.... ,- * • , ..-, -i , :''', . 4". . , Itilj ....„ ;3, . . , tilk • ..,./t:' .....'i.. it ''''',:r.,.`', -4..,,... i '-'t.,---- 0. .55 -,, ~--,,,;,.-...,,,,--,- ~.... ..... ..'.; "x„-•%,„.1.-.17...0..r,. ~.. sr •= . ~ i , •-.. y,. '.- , - ~,1,,..,, ~... • :.- ,-.7,i,t --,"'" ~- ..'.:• ..",,,,,'-'• .::,41-', ',' /t.,c40. ;,.., ' 4,307..t*52L:.*-e.O • 1,- t• '1.4.--A : ''' , ,:-..:;•,»j'-;1;;-,,:-,';::••'", „ , -.• • - -,, • -,:,,, .- - • -,' -• ' ... :.''',...", ~ n 1,,,,,, '..; --.., '' -' , ..', c. . ' • 1,, u.,., ilik % ''''',-- t-.''' `Pi..4.,.'l'''''''''' ,-..„e.., ,-„T„,...4,:it ....,?t...",.'.::4iL1. , ..,''',........

===== 0002601_19090724_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GHATS (BATHING STEPS) BENARES.

for much, yet elderly people as well as young were quietly going into the water by the thousand. Their bright coloured robes made vivid splashes of saffron yellow, pink, crimson and white on the sunburnt steps of the ghats. The ablutions include not only themselves but their clothes, for they go in in one robe, and cleverly slip a dry one over it on emerging, whilst the wet one falls to the ground. I must here say what a pleasure it was to see the bright and beooming colours which the Hindus wore; and I could not help regretting that we English folk did not wear brighter clothing, instead of being addicted on the whole to blacks, greys and browns Further up the ghats, two small fires of wood were burning, and as we approached, we clearly saw brown arms and legs projecting from amongst the branches of which the fire was composed. The little morning breeze was blowing the low smoke away,from us, of which I was glad. When we passed, a half-hour later, one brown leg and arm were as unconsumed as before. We were told that the frugal Hindus do not buy much wood, as it is dear, but half burn their dead, and then throw the remains in the Ganges.

ment, some eighty feet high, and solid rubble throughout, was most impressive as it stood there alone in the flat sunny landscape. Its grass-grown top and defated sides were different to when the Chinese pilgrims saw it in the seventh century, a miracle of gold and marble ; but the carved/designs still remain- ing round the sandstone base were admir- able, and most intricate, for the swastica was interlaced with another mazy geometrical pattern. There were also beautiful carved bands of marigolds. A museum is begun hard by,in which to assemble all the antiqui- ties that come to light from time to time in India. A great deal less than one expected remains of the olden Hindu times, at least in Northern India. But that one must put down to the repeated devastations which betel the land century after century, till the British raj brought security. Poor India! Her very wealth of fertility, as was the case with wealthy, fertile Italy, drew down upon her woes and ravages which poorer lands have never known. Over and over again the comparison between these two southern peninsulas of Europe and Asia suggested itself to us.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
A.-- GHASTLY SIGHT.

It was whilst we were rowing across to visit the palace of the Maharajah of Benares, further up the opposite bank, that my cousin remarked two crows come slowly

===== 0002601_19090724_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CENTRAL HINDU COLLEGE.

Before leaving Benares, we were deeply interested in visiting the Central Hindu College established by Mrs. Besant. Though this great work was only undertaken ten years ago, it has already resulted in a fine

spur of the wooded hills. Frequent Mists envelop it, and shut out the superb view of Kinchingunga, and his attendant mountains. We had mist the first day, and rain the second, but on the morning of the third, my energetic cousin roused me at five to come out and see the sun rise from the small plateau in front of the hotel. It was decidedly chilly as we paced about for half an hour in night- dress and overcoat, shawl and slippers, and the " pink glow" on Kinchingunga was of the pq,lest possible shade ; but to eastwards we saw an unparalleled sight. The whole tremendous valley, more than 4.000 feet deep, was filled half way up, with billowing clouds of vapour. They were motionless, but, strangest sight of all, had poured like a vast Niagara down one great hill side, following the steep slope all the way, and tossing like real billows over its edge. Yet quite suddenly, next to this cataract of grey, a hard line was drawn, and dark trees and tea-shrubs stood out, freed from any mist. We retired to warm, had " chota hazri " or small break- fast, a great institution for starting the day in India, and, walked round the Mall and Observatory- hill. It was just below this that the tremendous landslip of ten or twelve years ago took place. The ground is so steep that it has had to be banked up. We saw the printed prayer-rags of the Thibetans fluttering on bamboo poles on top of the little hill; but the mist rose and enveloped us, and the steep paths, in that rarified air, tried our breathing powers severely. The next day it rained. We visited the bazaar, and saw quantities of jolly-faced Thibetans, Bhotians, and Nepaulese. They are as ugly as they are dirty, having Mo.nsolian eyes and cheek- bones, lank black hair and leathery- skins, and certainly no acquaintance with soap! But their hearty spirits and keen sense of fun, and a certain swaggering, sturdy independence, recalling the characteristics of those _other sons of the mountain, the Tyrolese, give them a personality which appeals to one far more than that of the sleek untrustworthy Bengali. The Thibitans load themselves with turquoise ornaments set in silver. These they offer for sale saying earnestly, "Buy it miss sahib, buy it !" but laughing with the greatest good nature when one smiles contemptuously at the exhorbitant price, and tells them one is not going to be taken in. The next morning We had our reward for all this rain and mist. Kinchingunga was free of cloud and dazzlingly white. The profound gorges of the Rungeet and Teester were full 6f mazy blue and violet shadows; almost you could hear the rivers roaring at the foot of Kinchingunga's white mass, which • brooded mightily above them, and down below, nearly- 6,000 feet from where we stood, the profundity of the valleys was filled with blue morning haze. Behind us, the prairies of Bengal were unfor- tunately covered with sunny mist which

saved horse and rider from a roll of hundreds of feet.

Later on,when I went up to Sialkhot,Miss Moreland spent some days at Simla, and had an eventful ride along its snowy bridle paths. Returning, she met a drove of mules carrying wide packs which nearly filled up the bridle path. Her sais dismounted, but Miss More- land daringly rode past them, taking the outside o the path-. It was slippery with frozen snow, and on a sudden, she found her- self sitting on the edge of the cud whilst her pony's hind legs had gone down it! How she got off in time, she does not quite• remember, but the animal scrambled back safely, and next time she met a string of mules she kept to the inside of the path. • Here, however, her pony slipped, and they both plunged into a snow- bank and rolled in it whilst the mules went by! I parted from Miss Moreland, who was With some friends, at Darjeeling, and set off with Sam down the winding hill-railway, Heavy rain came on and blotted out the view, but I should not have appreciated it anyway, for the swirling curves, and the jolting of the little train, made one feel remarkably sick! No one was better suited to leave than Sam, who had been in a half- frozen and torpid state during our winter days on the mountains. He thawed as we neared the plains, and no wonder, for by the time we were on the river bank, awaiting a steamer for Eastern Bengal, the heat was intense. Our journey was long and most fatiguing. I was making for Chittagong, to visit Mr. and Mrs. Venters, and anyone who looks at the map will see what a cross- country . journey this meant. Even the station-masters, than whom there are no more obliging and helpful officials in India, were not sure of which steamer I should take, where I should change, and whether I should wait on a mail at the junction, which meant hours in the refreshment room, or go on by a slow. But at length, after two days and nights, I reached Chittagong and my friends.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DELHI GATE FORT.

floating down the river, evidently perched upon something. At the same time, a pariah dog came louping slowly over the sands, and a vulture, meditating on a spit of sand, hopped rreluctantly away at his approach. So well did the dog time matters, that he waded in at the point just as the crows and their prey reached it. "It is a drowned cow" said my cousin, !` I can see the brown and red splotches on its white hide." But it was not a cow. As the boat passed, we saw a chalk-white body, inflated by the water, and the dog gently drawing it to shore by the loin cloth. The face we mercifully could not see; but the memory of the drowned Cingalese at Mount Lavinia returned to me, and we both took a horror of the rivers and their fish!

college being built, with close-on a thousand students, airy classrooms, large exercise grounds, and the interested favour of many of the native princes to help it on. Ethics and philosophy on the ancient Hindu lines are taught here. Those who know the teaching of the Vedanta, as Max Muller did, declare that ,under a different guise they are as lofty and ennobling as our own Christian ones: and the Central Hindu College is seek- ing to elevate the rising generation on their own lines, instead of converting them to a creed against which they are prejudiced, because it has never belonged to them nor to their forefathers. We left Benares with regret, and travelled down, by the splendid Punjab Mail once more to Calcutta, whence a twenty-four hours' journey took us up to Darjeeling.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TEMPLES.

Benares city consists of narrow and tortuous lanes, mostly stone-paved and dripping with sacrificial oils and perfumed water, and the mangled remains of marigold wreaths. . The temples are numerous, of course, and amongst them is one with its conical roof entirely covered with gold leaf. The effect in sunshine as you view it from a balcony opposite, is dazzling. All day the sound of brazen gongs seems to go on The elephant head of Ganesh, and Shiva's bull, are sculptured everywhere. The rich and minute carving on lintels, door-posts, and roofs, is very fine. Christians may not of course enter the precincts; but outside Benares stands a monkey temple, where yisitors may feed the finny, grey-fated

===== 0002601_19090724_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
DARJEELING.

What a contrast to leave the hot damp plains, crowded with subservient Hindus— for alas no one can pretend to be much impressed by the Bengali—and to find oneself winding up hour by hour through dense forest growth, in a tiny train, which sometimes went head, sometimes tail fore- most, according as the line zigzagged and twisted. In one place the line makes a com- plete circle within eighty yards and comes back underneath .itself. It was not till we reached Ghoom, a village 7,400 feet up, that we caught our first sight of the everlasting snows on the highest mountains in the world.

Darjeeling is 7,000 feet up, lying on a steep

must have been to them their sky. That night we witnessed a Thibetan fancy-dress dance, on the plateau outside the hotel. These mountain-folk have a great idea of dressing up and acting. I suppose it comes in useful for amusement in the cold dark winter evenings. Anyway, four men made up into two lions or gigantic dogs, which' playfully fought each other and then retired' panting, while other weird animals filled in the time between the bouts. Never for- a minute did the lions (or dogs!) forget to pant, their great red tongues, to roll their eyes,and occasionally wag their tails or thump them on the ground. Then they would bend round and scratch their ears. MI this, seen by torchlight to the tumtumming of monotonousi instruments, and framed in with earnest,ugly faces was a sight to remember. I heard a wonderful account of THE FIRST VISIT OF THE DALAI LAMA, or rather his earthly representative, a dignified young man, who for the first time came from beyond the guarding frontier-walls of Thibet. As this young man and his suite had never see hotels, electric light, soda water,, hill-railways and so forth, some amusing incidents took place; though his admirable dignity prevented his showing astonishment openly. Before leaving Darjeeling, I must mention the tea. It is fit to be the drink of gods; never have I met with such tea before. We drank at least six times as much as was good for us, merely from delight in its flavour. The tea plantations clothe all available slopes with their glossy dark shrubs. These belong to the same genus as the camellia tree. It would have beerrcurious if we'had elected to say "Will you have some camellia" ? Also, one word more on the" cud," which is the hill-side below roads or tracks, and as often as not, almost a precipice.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
SCENE OF THE BUDDHA'S LABOURS.

Seven miles from Benares stands the gigantic tope of Sarnath, erected in honour of Gautama Buddha, who taught here in what was then a deer park, with the ancient Benares to one side of it. Nothing but low earthen mounds remain to mark the site of former cities, but the huge tope, or monu-

===== 0002601_19090724_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, July 24, 1909.

CHITTAGONG.

Chittagong is the headquarters of the Bengal-Assam line, and is a large settlement three miles inland of the Bay of Bengal. Every bungalow is built on a small sandy hillock of its own, and the riding is delight- ful as the paths are so soft. It is not very far north of Rangoon, and warm even in winter time. In the summer, I hear, ants, mosquitos and insects generally, are nearly as bad as the heat, whilst snakes. lurk in all the compounds,' or gardens. But a breeze blows from the sea which mercifully tempers the heat. There is a beautiful airy club- house, and a. golf links and .tennis courts much used by the large and pleasant European colony ' • but as there is nothing specially flinduish in Chittagong I will hurry back through Calcutta and up to Cawnpore, where I again joined Miss

===== 0002601_19090724_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HALL OF AUDIENCE IN DELHI PALACE. Built of white marble, with inlay work of gold, agate, beryl, malachite, jasper, amethyst, etc.

tTZi.. • - .116.0.:- ->vroa..'" '= ‘: ,i.,:3,4,, lWeVt7 'Y. 'i ' ''.4 ...,,i, . • '4V"*l/4, a. •-,".4.; 1_,,,f; „i irz*E.,.--- . *...„ ',„.,„ •'; .e,....-1, ,f ' -,-,--, ,i ~,,rtt --tyk ~, --;,-• I.y E, • I, ~ ~'„ ,* ''.. . It- ' ~-..;;--, '1...:',•• : ~ 4 ' '1,..1': :: ':, •,,' 1 4.1. .. ' .....•g.-.',`,4\ 4k l' , 4 ' , ~., 4,?..• ..,..: •••• \:t.4,1,., . • -.--• - -,4 ‘, , ''• . •.,".'-.,) '''''-;.,',• ,•4- .A..‘,.,-.,..,:,:. $ /. ', . , . • ',...."'" - 2 -- 4.,:•''..., ~...........:.1,4,,, , :,- i., . . ~. ~... „ •,.....,-,'::::::,,..-..: ....: .....n-,-"' ,• ~.. `,.... ~... • . , . ek. ,V.*,, ..';', .. 4".. .. ~ , itt :•':'.:::t..;,:,... ~,t s' 1'...'..i , '''''''' ''; : ...ft.'3::: 3, • ',.: ' ' ' 1 `l'' I la., A , .„ .... aA,.. -rm z>, ~, :, ~,r, '1 , ',.k. . • .. ,r,',..z,....... :,:. ~ ..,,,;,:..ft:...,1,:.:: .. . , - - . . ' , '... ' '. ' ' •'' '...-;.,5.44,,:', .:'''''.-:, ' . :.; • • ~ ~

- • ~-,rig'.u. ' ....'in',11,44r,*".::.,0. - .... . - ..', -- ...•,'--,''' •••'.!;',...'''-1it4.7.41';'.'*-,, :.‘'.i'',,Vt,,, ...I'''''- te,L,_--,.-iii , '4;."::-,.::"... , "-Ir"- ... ~... •' li i:- .-.: '',l3.r''.: 41`,..i... ' t Itt.„4 . \ ._,, .:1 -,,.# }; : , ... .- s ..!Or.A. . ;,. `....•.. 1 ~, .., ,-,-,':,,,,..17,1;4t.;:it,.:',!;t":',7....*:,, ' ---,,,,,*, 11/ - kt ' n'.."-4, 'Z' :''''•.::'-iti.:'''' '''''V ,t4,,-**.A.::'`',A;z:"..,,--,;1., ~i'-..., , 4, •,,.! #i.,,:!<o;:, .4,, t,,,,, „.....• - ,-.. ,- „...-• ~...,...-',,.`..,,,-",::,..,.. A1it,,,04,.,-.';',.7:-,kott.-_...4). 4,:,.,.1,a1‘' ..,;;,::.",.-k< :•'.,1,.-.:,..i. .t. f4t i 4). '..;:f.:.'.,-,AL*I, .4.,i,.N ... '.q;:,',4"*..'''''-‘, A -;7-' 'AEr.''''''' ''' " .44:11e.461**"4t`4:,,,t*,,5-...N. • ' *i, -- f-' :....'.. 8 , -%*,:A....-..,..A.. --.. ' ,‘, liftii.:;4l.-I;''' i •-: .'. -,,....,*‘:".:..../. - ' mr7rtvp'''.-.,;hot, ,i. ',.:,,---4tt--- '. - -..-------,,, .....•- -51-- ..,4tz..-*.-4:::'..:',,2,-.,,t-,...; ''',..-.../.-.:--- s-,,_. ‘. -..:7-e.,:t.,.-., :,.. ~..- 'f.-,,z,,;-:::---, ...--,,,,-.4,1,;4.-.,..,;5:.?,--:;;:: •:,„:,,,,,:fg::-. , ...,., ,:-.::.:,,,,,.....--, _41,4... 41:-$,..:., f,',,,*'... . '. - -- 4tit,,t-,:::.4,-.7-., .1,--ii..• .r'.z....,..<-p.,,,,-;:.44;":7.1.`;,c-•fiiik"•*o::''..',4•;.4:,,k,lki.i.;",'•.i.(::"'•!ii.hf..-•,:;fr I ‘ •Yf.'l:-,1,.:.4.?';.-,.:N!,'.4.--sil.. .•.. .:,t.:' iit II ......,:,::.;...,;.t ..„........,,,.:.;,,i.1,4.4. . \ -r4:*-;,...zi.,..k,,,,,,.5„,41:-*1.:::....',:`,;....':."" .':-..• : •.;:.,...,:., -' , . ' 'Ne':'At.... .• . : ....ti0,....,. .....-.lt-iir.?„...; ~.-:.;:i!ifit".,44,4e*,%.':Z.;11N Ig t 11-4`-';l'' • 1;':;'i. 4.': 'll '': ' ' ''''''-''' .•'''-' ti !` .:,':!. --,•:i7;l•7*Nit!4'itt r ' ''''"it.' ' i;S-4.,.., .. ' -4; iki iTie . '.- '''.- 1 :el.ll:f;•i4' <-, t'.=,.;..:,''*.'.'f'. • '''; j3il:: ....' .lil -''' tv,' .:".if;'4.-.:' v ,:it,,,, ."74.*.r:',' _ • ;.4.1R5i ..-.. ' ''.,? ~,i;i;. Is.i 'AI, .t. .'i ~ii.`.'..:‘,: -.r... "sr . N,:. -,-3-... .. '. 1 ........„ . .. . . -St -- •I. jl .4.i ~, '....i:w, ....,::!...4,?,...., . ~..,... r s ......:„....

,

. '

===== 0002601_19090724_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CUD.

My last morning, we rode out at six, and made down towards the wooded spur of Lebong,on which stand the summer quarters of several regiments (surely a heavenly spot for soldiers to be stationed !) We were followed by a small sais, or groom, on a very untractable Thibetan pony. It charged once madly between Miss Moreland and myself,at ' a gradient of perhaps one in six downwards. He recovered from this only to have a terrific bout of plunging and pulling a few moments later behind us. We turned round to see the pony dash recklessly sideways, throw the terrified sais up on the sky line, and then disappear with him! My cousin had thrown the reins to me, nipped off her animal and plunged through tea bushes in a moment. Mercifully, the cld here bulged outward, so that it admitted of tea bushes beiDg grown, and by one Of these my cousin found the sais lying uninjured but very frightened, though he had never let go of the pony's bridle, good fellQw ! Twenty yards further back, had the pony leapt sideways, nothing could have

Moreland, a4.whence we travelled on to Delhi.

DELHI AND THE SIEGE.

This celebrated city stands out in every English mind as corn nemorating one of the most daring, sieges in history. " All the passion, the tragedy, and the glory of the Indian Mutiny" says Fitchett," gather round those three sieges, Cawnpore, Luck- now and Delhi. But in the last named, it was the English themselves, the handeut of white men on the Ridge outside the city, who besieged the thousands and thousands of Sepoys within. _ _

. Lord- Roberts has admirably described that heroic siege in his" Forty-one years in India," for he himself was in it, and spoke with the great Nicholson, who died on the Ridge, thanking heaven he still had strength left to shoot the man who might waver and throw up the Beige. His statue now stands in gardens near his grave, facing towards the Kashmir gate where that last and victorious assault was carried out. It is invidious to mention names where nearly everyone was conspicuous for bravery. But surely we should all remind ourselves of that superman, John Nicholson, that example of unfaltering bravery and herculean endurance, whose personality towers through the Mutiny, and whose presence left its stamp on generations after ; and of Lieutenant Willoughby and Conductor Scully, who blew up the powder magazine after defending it with nine men only, against the raging city ; and of Salkpld and Corporal Burgess, who with others, blew up the Kashmir gate in the teeth of the enemy's fire. Nor can one omit mentioning Hodson, who for sheer cool daring and mastery of nerve can surely not be surpassed even In the world's history. But all this is in the pages of Fitchett, and I must hurry on to describe Delhi and catch the mail northwards. _

Of course, the Fortress-Palace, built by that great Mogul, Shah Jehan, the grandson of Akbar, claims first place. It is built of rose red sandstone, and its walls, a mile in extent, tower up sixty feet or so against the pale blue sky. Within, are the celebrated white marble palace apartments where the receptions at the Delhi nurbar took place. These exquisite rooms are open on all sides to let cool air play through; their windows are openwork marble screens, looking out over low green shrubs and grass to ,the Jumna. Down the centre of the suite of 'rooms runs a little channel, perhaps a foot in depth and width, along which, in the days when the Emperor's Court lived here, water rippled ceaselessly. Now it is quite dry. Crowning beauty of all is the Pearl Mosque, a small building entirely faced with white Marble, varied here and there with palest washes of green. The whole is sculptured in low relief with marigolds, irises, and beauti- ful designs unknown to us before; and th.o

effect is like the tratsparent foam curling on the tips of waves. Some way off stdnds the Jumma Musjid, or Big Mosqu6, built of rose sandstone with lines of white marble running down its minarets and walls. Big it certainly was, as we found on climbing one of the minarets, but I did not admire the colouring. Outside Delhi, the most wonderful build- ings star the plain on which seven other Delhis are said to have stood within historic times. The old for- tress palace is unforgettably beautiful, its huge crimson gateway reared its bell- shaped cupolas, still enamelled with vanish- ing blue and green tiles, a hundred feet above our heads, as we walked up the grass grown roadway. Inside,were silent and uninhabited palaces. Eleven miles out across the dusty plain towers the Kutab Minar, one of the veritable wonders of the world. It is, I think, 470 feet high, and sculptured from top to base, and was erected by the Mohammedan dynasty to celebrate their victory over the effete Hindus. We went up it—indeed, one of our chief forms of exercise was minaret- climbing, and it make you feel quite certain that unusual muscles have come into play; —and gazed over that dusty, waterless plain stretching to the hazy distance on all sides, whilst Delhi, afar off" sparkled like a grain of salt." Our carriage had certainly "toiled through immeasurable wastes of sand" that day, and a pleasant excursioh was to the huge solitary tomb of Akbar, where grassy- lawns and fragrant trees lay round the rose- stone mausoleum, and peacocks and monkeys played in solitary safety among the gardens. That evening we took the night mail to La here.

(To be Continued)

===== 0002601_19090724_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S GHAT.

Ancient Ttibutes and Set vices to the King.—When the King passes through Chichester next week, on his way from Goodwood House to the Solent, he could if he liked demand of the inhabitsnts a string for his crossbow. That is still one of many peculiar tributes and services, which, according to ancient custom the Sovereign could exact. At other places the King could ask for eels, fat geese, herring pies, or some similar delicacies, whilst several of the dukes hold their lands conditionally on the performance of some nominal form of rent quittance. The Munro of Foules for instance, have to present the Sovereign with a snow- ball, should the King honour them at any time with a visit, rt condition which would rake the tenure of their property somewhat precarious were it not that the snow-clap Ben Wyris is near by. Perhaps most, curious of all was the grant of certain lands near Dover to Solomon Attifeld in the thirteenth century, on condition" that sa often as the King should cross the sea, the said Solomon or his heirs, should he obliged to go with him to hold his tlajesty's head if he should be seasick." History is a little obscure as to when the last Royal head-holding tork place, but Hasted in his history of Kent says that the lands were held on the same terms down to the middle of the fifteenth Century. Paignfon's Mammoth Pudding.—The " Paignton Pud ling" festival proposed to be revive:l this year, is leferred to in Westcote's " View of Devonshire in 1630," and is of very ancient origin. No•doubt it was originally an annual village feast and revel; which, in course of time took piace only at longer interva's on occasions of national rejoicing, or to celebrate some important local event, and was finally made a jubilee festival. The last Pudding celebration to ik place in 1859 to commemorate the opening of the railway to London. The pudding consisted of 5731b5. of flour, 3821b5. of suet, 3821b5. of raisins, 1911bs. of currants, ' with sugar, milk, eggs, and spices in corresponding pro- portions and when cooked it weighed a ton and a half. The feast was laid out on Paignton Green on August Ist, but according to contemporary accounts, it ended in a scene of wild confusion. The display of good things attracted a huge mob of uninvited guests wl o proposed to help themselves, and this led to a pitched battle between the defenders and outsiders in which the mammoth pudding served piecemeal for missiles. Tea Parties for Working Girls.—Attention is called to the fact that country residents who have gardens and meadows, could give working girls a good deal of pleasure at little cost, by entertaining small parties of them to tea, and outdoor games in the summer time. An appeal has been made to country residents near London, who may be disposed to extend hospitality in Ith a way, and a coirmunication with Miss Nicholls, of the Women's Branch of the Social Institutes Union, 39, Princes-gate, S W., wobld at once put them in the way of carry ing it into effect. There is the same oppor- tunity for well-to-do re 'pie in tIo neighbourhood of all the large industrial towns. Most work girls are allowed a few days or a week's holiday by their employers, and those that cannot afford a visit to the country or the seaside—and they are the many—R ould be grateful to kind-heartect people willing to give them a day's pleasure, end an opportunity to enjoy the beauties of Nature.

On Being Affable.—Peihaps the railway companies will follow the Postmaster-General's example and ask their servants to extend to the public that "courts, good humour, and willingness to oblige "which Mr. Sydney Buxton says are so desirable in the manners of Post Office counter attendants. It, is, however, not so often that one meets with incivility from the "young lady " postal clerks, as from railway officials, and in both cases it is very frequently the stupidity of the public which provokes the rudeness. The lady who worried the Scots railway porter with a long rigmarole of silly questions, and was finally told to go to an undesirable place, affords an instance. For a long time the porter refused to apologise, but eventually going up to the lady, he said," Youpeedna " which he deemed a sufficient apology considering the aggravation he had received. Then again for some obscure reason, it seems to have been deemed unnecessary to put up the name of the station over the platforms at the London termini or principal railway stations. Hence passengers frequently ask if the train is going to the particular station they want, when they have already arrived there. This occurred the other day when a lady asked if her train was going to London Bridge—she being already there—" If you want London Bridge," said the official," you will probably and it outside at the end of that passage, anyhow it, was there this morning." He had probably been asked the same question scores of times that day, and evidently his fund of good humour was exhausted. Dangerous Hair-Washes.—The police in some of the smaller German principalities forbid women from wearing long skirts in the streets, nor must they wear boots with excessively high heels, or hatpins with dangerously protruding ends. In their anxiety to pre- vent dirt, disease, and disaster, the German police code sanctions many things which we in this country would regard as unwarrantable interference with oar personal liberty, but there are seine precautions with respect to which we might follow the example of our German friends, and one of them is the prohibition of the use of dangerous hair-washes. Attention is called to this danger by an inquest on a lady who died last week in London while undergoing a dry shampoo. The use of hydra-carbons for the purpose, highly volatile and inflammable preparations which have all the effect of chloroform, has led to many disasters, and clearly hair- dressers should be compelled to take greater precautions, if indeed they should be allowed to use suchiiieadly preparation!

- Changes in Hairdressing.—Hairdressers should be amassing huge fortunes, for modes are always changing, and "transformations" and other "additions" that answer well one season, ara hopelessly out of state the next. Just now, the small neat head is in vogue, decorated with a largo coil or thick plait, and as no amount of scheming and planning can transform the bunch of curls, lately worn, into a tail ayard long, hairdressers are undoubtedly again reaping a rich harvest. Commonsense in Fashions.—How is it, one wonders, that the merely middle-height or short woman invariably chooses the biggest hat, and the biggest ruffle she can find? Could she see herself as others see her, she would have more consideration, both for herself, and those who are forced to look at her. The ruffle, like the big hat, needs a tall, slender-necked figure to carry it off successfully, and for less fortunate individuals there is always the scarf. All the newest scarves, by the way, are finished with long silken fringes, vvhicb, beside being highly ornamental; are useful in affording the necessary weight to keep the ends from excessive floatinn. propensities. Bathing Attire.--Modes for every description of sea bathing are available this year. For the" dry bather " who saunters up and down on the brink of the waves, there are the Princess and Renaissance 2e gowns " built of heavy satin and worn over carefully cut corsets made of corded twill fitted*with suspenders to hold the stockings in place. Costly hats are a part of the " dry bathers ' outfit, also dainty hosiery, sandals with twine soles, and a tall cane._For the real bather the blouse and short skirt of blue serge ranks high in favour, together with a very simple hat or handkerchief turban while the swimmer can find the useful and desirable stockingette garment, in which to enjoy, unfettered, her time in the ocean.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
4.-., . iffel_4icl. bottle make i 2 gallons of ',. • delicious homemade *_ , Lemonade. , Produced solely from •, . Fruit and Sugar. Try It. ;,,,,,,t;• .. IFf, „4-44 3,i i 'Y orta ~„r.e ..1 , .

===== 0002601_19090724_art0045.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
mtk!o trw

===== 0002601_19090724_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
FROM SICK BED TO CYCLE.

A Lady rider's complete recovery frofil Acute Bloodlessness and Decline through

Dr. Williams' Pink Pills.

"I never feel tired ; 3111 always .ready for outdoor exercise, and enjoy ioag cVcling tours." This reinby Mrs. G. Leeson, of Nor- well, Newark, made to .a reporter of the " ICesvik 91.16 Advertiser," expresses keen interest she now fiacT in life, and is in striking cell- contrast to her pitiable state before she Was cured by Pr' Williams' Pink Pills. Mrs' Leeson describes lerself 85 being at that time, a poor thin weakling without strenga energy or enthusiasm. , "Eighteen months ago. sa,n ex pla ined,"l was so ill througa Bloodlessness that I was, dying. On occasions I though, I suffered with terrible back- aches and splitting headachesi I seemed always short 01 breath, and had awful pains across my heart Almost any , exercise caused distressing Palpitations. I cola' only creep along when Walking. and had to crawl upstairs, just a step or two and then LL long rest,, and when I reached the top I wound stand gasping for breath. Frequently I fell fainting before I got that far. I took a lot of melcine, but nothing seemed to do um good. - " I felt that I had hist all grip of life, and should never, have any energy again. I seldom slept f°10: nilore than an hour at nights, and often I lay awa''" groaning, hour after hour, through violent Neuralgia. I was starving because I could not digest any food, and medical men said that there was little hope for me unless I quickly got more blood in my veins. " Fortunately my sister-inlaw heard of a case of Chronic Amernia being cured by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, and she urged me to try these pills at once. I did so, and as I was finishing the third WI" welcome- change came over me. I began to look forward to my meals, and, as the days passed, I ate better and better. My food nourished me, and I began to regain my lost weight and healthy colour. As I persevered with Dr, Williams' Pink Pills I sva' no mcirp troubled with Neuralgia, but slept soundlY- at nights and awoke refreshed.

' ky breathing became quite natural, and my hear; grew sound and strong. I list all backaches 101 headaches, and seemed to .b.better every month. Now I am up at six o'clock every morning, and -never/ seem really tired. Even after a hard day's work feel ready for a walk and enjoy long cycling tours. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills " are indeed a 'splendid medicine for weak women.; , Weak women are weak usually because their blood lacks nourishment. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills create Good Blood and have cured thousands of both sexes of the After-Effects of Influenza, Nervous Disorders, Anoomia) Indigestion, St. INtus' Dance, Rheumatism, and Paralysis ; also the special ailments of wornell;' Of all dealers, or direct from the Dr. Williams Medicine Co., 40, Holborn Viaduct, London, post free, 2s. 9d. a box, or 13s. 9d. for six.

THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY. THERAPION Thissuccessful po- pular remedy, used in continental Hospitals by Ricord, Rostan, jobert,Velp- eau & others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurityof blood, spots,blotches,pain &swellingofjoints, kidney, bladder & urinary diseases, stricture, di schartes. pi les, gravel, pains in back, gout,rheumatisrn ,exhaustions sleeplessness, &c. Three forms, Nos. 1,2 &3, according to diseaes. Price 2/9 (particulars id. stamp) post free in Great Britain from The Le Clerc AfedicineCo, Traver. stockßoad.Hanuastead.London,& principal Chemists.

s. 4, .1.4-:.,,,: -',,,,--.--- ', :174 # ~ i i'' ...."' t• ~. 1-‘4l'• , 1,::.4.111 416 ribe • , i / / -- ).

Labourer Awarded Compensation. teAt the Warrington County Conrt on Thursday, before 80114 Judge W. H. S. Oulton, Harry Way we 11,14130 uror, "ford-street, brought a claim for the payment of -a, .Fensation under the Workmen's Compensation Act et the Bifurcated and Tubular Rivet Co., Ltd., a restleY-s•reet, Warrington. Mr. Arthur Browne \Pneared for the applicant, and Mr. Oppenheim (Messrs. alldroy, Oppenbeim and Mellor, Minchester) for the es:Npondt nt. abi Ir. Browne said that at first, from some unexplain- ha reasons, the respondents d sputed that an accident ocaurred or that the man was injwc I. That farce ket up until it was found out that Mr. Beesley • oh:tthe applicant a rE commend to go to the infirmary. '3la.S 18th arplicarit was lifting some coils of wire . en his foot slipped and a coil fell on his arm,severely filiraloine. it. lie wns now unable to lift anything heavy, o,4ttnse. ha .l seen refused light work at the respondents' Plicant gave evidence in support of Mr. Browne 's tiutternent. Ha said he w is at the Infirmary for a c4ltb and was at present an out-patient. His employ- akuat at the works connoted of lifting coils of wire of us, onist• one-and-a-hllf cwt. in weight. He could not now ,40t "t.s right arm for lifting purposes. The firm would bgive him light work but had discharged him. Ls. r. McCune, late house surgeon at the Warrington ,i‘urmarY and now at the Salford Royal Hospital, foahted that when he first examined the applicant he him suffering from severe bruising and tearing of ,be Muscles of the fore arm. He had on two occasions e:lroined him in conjunction with Dr. Richmond and Trlin,d that an important nerve had been impaired which woeajtened the man's grip. The man was fit to do light but not to lift heavy coils of wire. Richmond gave similar evidence. 'a t° thold Crowe, who worked in the same. department p applicant, was called for the respondents, and Nvir' 't Was necessary for applicant to grip the coils of be with both hands. kiwi.' Joseph, senior honorary surgeon at the Infirmary, 4,11 that after careful examination oil, the applicant on ith Y 10tb, he could find nothing wrong about the arm. t„,e, benes,joints and muscles were quite uninjured. He 1.41-ed the quality of the muscles and found them firm. /t.„ls3 tested the man's gripping power as far as he iti•;;;". judge, and found it unimpaired. Had there been 14"1:_5' to an important nerve and tearing of the muscles, 51u1d hive expected to find a larger amount of rprficial injury. 'ate" Honour awarded applicant compensation at the °t Bs. 9d. per week from the date of the accident.

THE CHAIRMAN AND VIE LAND MONOPOLY. The CHAIRMAN, after extending a hearty welcome to the sptekers, said we were living in stirring times. The last remains of the feudal system were breaking up and a new order of society was slowly emerging. There were some people who did not like the change. The Duke of Rutland, for instance, would like to put a gag in the mouth of every Labour member and keep it there. (Laughter). But the Duke of Rutland might gag the lot, and others would rise and take their places. (Applause). He could not , stop the onward march of the progressive forces. Another man had descended to use a meaner and more contemptible weapon than the gag—slander: Be (the speaker) was sure everyone , present would rejoice at the splendid vindication of Mr. Will Thorne—(applause)-4rom the slander of Earl Winterton—who would not forget as long as he lived the lesson he bad been taught. The Budget, it had been said, marked an epoch in the history of revenue. It did far more than that. It marked an epoch in the social history of this couutry—(applause)—for the social and economic effects of the Budget would far transcend any financial gain. The opposition and the support of the Budget arose from entirely different social ou'looks. On one hand they bad vast landed interests, inheritors of great wealth, and these people held in their own hands the very lives and destinies of their fellow men. On the other side they had people who believed that this vast accumulation of land and wealth was a positive danger, ayea real menace to the welfare of the State. (Hear, hear). The Tories said "Tax bread" but the Liberals said "No, tax land." The landlord said " Tax everything brit me" but the Liberals said" The necessities of life shall be free." (Applause.) The present land system was a block in the way of social reform. There was no question for which the plea of urgency could be advanced with greater force. The monopoly in land allowed in this country was unjust and oppressive. Could it be right that thousands and thousands of acres of land should be shut up from us-,, and kept as parks, pleasure grounds and game preserves, when four-fifths of the people were housed on 600,000 acres out of 77,900,000 acres? ("No.") It was time this growing, greedy monopoly should be broken once and for ever. It was said that the Govern- ment would not raise much in the first year through the land clanses of the Budget. He was thankful to say they had got the wedge between the door and the portals and they would be able to drive it home just as the needs of the State required. He believed the people had made up their minds that the land clauses must be maintained and that there must be no weakening on that point. They were awakening to the fact that, in the words of Cobden, they had been " cheated, robbed and bamboozled" long enough, and they were not going to stand it any longer. It was said the House of Lords were going to reject the Budget. If they did it was " good-bye " to the House. of Lords. (Applause.) He thought the Lords had more sense than to do that. Lord Lansdowne let the people down over the Licensing Bill, but be was not going .to do EO with the Budget. They were going to see it through in its entirety. The Lords defeated them in the great effort to deal with the gigantic drink evil, but that defeat was only victory poatponed. The pro- gressive forces of this country would yet triumph (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19090724_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
, .. .; ~ COL/1151C1 - . The purchase of the Coffee ' i. that aiwa - y_, pleases - ,Farnily or Guests a 9 . - yrni 1n g 1-0 11 •.' , ..,-: .- ':-. C Of f e ce E.s.enitie ' , .4.. .4 1 , ~ . , ..,. f ~... 1 ~4•.-.. .... , 0.4 J.: ~,,,,, A„:.,;:. •N54,..if.....-L, 1 ',:. •••,, .-. : -4- - 1* "7:34.-P-ze. .'ißicki y rr.arant :t:' v, 1,:3-.. Pa r c 6- ; inviBorattn sv..' i • .r.,:- ',v.'s .. :, - ~..,,,,,,_ .2.,,A , ~.: 5,- .• 4 -. ,_. ,----.. ..x.,...'..,',-...' -4° ' i, ,• - ~,,-_,-,-,..,) ,--- ''-

===== 0002601_19090724_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
HAVE YOU EVER BOUGHT A 'BENEFIT' BOOT?

Let us state one reason why you should do so.

" BENEFIT " Boots are built, constructed end adapted with a thorough and complete knowledge of the formation of the Foot. Every movement of the tmenty-six bones and ligaments which go to make up that wonderfully constructed-- yet often littlc known about—member of the body carefuiy noted, studied and allowed for ht the com- pleted Boot.

That is why we say " BENEFII BOOTS are the MOST COMFORTABLE.

Get a pair, to-day, wear them a week and whether you walk one mile or twenty a 'day, you'll find them the most comfortable Boots procurable at the price. We depend upon our repu- tation for "Cotnfortable Boots." pUBLIC RENEFIT 833 T w2F COMPANY, LTD., Bridge Street, Warrington. Iktt -IZZINZEZEIMMEEMMOREI=O

===== 0002601_19090724_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe P.S.A. Society.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
Q The usual meeting of the Brotherhood was held on nday. There was a fair attendance, Mr. Richard Atkinson prssiding. Mr. Henry Blane gave an excellent address, his subject being "Was lost; is found." He went ort to speak of the lost piece of silver, which he isaid was useless, so long as it was lost, but how useful ~beoame when found. He likened it unto men of - who, so long as they refused to do anything for their brothers' and for Christ, were lost, but how useful 11310 individual might be when found in the Lord's work. 4,6 thought that wilfulness and thoughtlessness were e, causes of so many souls being lost to spirituitl He urged all to stick to the Fold of God, and he useful and dutiful through Christ, our Saviour. Inane, also effectively rendered a solo "The Hebrew "Ntive." Mr. J. Owen and Mr. D. W. McEichern also Look part in the meeting. Mr. W. 11. Payton, Mug. presided at the organ. A message of sympathy '2as sent to the family of Mr. Fogg, who died very nddenly a few days ago. A letter of sympathy was tlso tent to our friend Mr. Cresskill, who is lying ill at e. Oae new member received a hearty weicome. Ellesmere-street Wesleyan Mission. • tl,The Sunday school anniversary in connection with 'lB mission was celebrated on, Sunday when special (3 'se,rvices were held in the Parr Hall. Mr. NV. H. Broad, ,' Liverpool, was the preacher. Prior to the afternoon aer‘ice the children formed into processional order,and, secoMpanied by the Brick-street Independent Mrthodist :mellow Brass Band, marched along Ellesmere-street, - lerseY-street, Bridge-strept, Rylands-street, Palmyra- 3(luare, to Parr Hall. Immediately behind the band, the -tiltidaY school banner was borne by the young men of school. Large numbers joined in the procession lch was herded by Messrs. J. Harlow and J. Ellison Verintendents), and Mr. Whitmore. The service took tO form of a sacred ointata entitled "The way of life," e solos being well rendered by the Misses M. Whit- 7Pre, May Allen and Lizzie Jones, and Messrs. C. 4sV tarablett and W. Livesey. Mr. George Weaver was ',e accompanist. In the evening Mr. Broad gave a ilscourse to a large congregation from the words "How io ng erie, halt ye between two opinions ? " The singing at Eervlce was most creditable, and great praise is "us to Mr. Levi Rithardson, the conductor, for his nt ?aiaking training of the children. Miss Ashworth .7ndered a solo entitled " Evening Prayer." The colleo 10 as for the day amounted to £lO 13s.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON WORKS ACCIDENT.

ST. HELENS.

VITROL THROWING. BY A STEPSON. A tile Liverpool Assizes on Tuesday Joseph Westwell ' pleaded guilty to havirg thrown vitriol William Helsby with intent to do greyious bodily. 4:11, D'Arcy, for the prosecution, said that toY was the prisoner's stepfather. They had lived oßetlier at St. Helens, but a few weeks before the Vleged offence the prisoner was sent away from home. iit:Tigh the influence of a police-court missionary his .Thilhather agreed to take him back. On May 16th the tie"ner arrived at the house whilst Helsby and other cinsithers of the family were sitting down to tea. A mtrel arose, and this culminated in prisoner throwing p:'ass of vitriol on his stepfather's face. Helsby was j41.03' much injured. He was taken to the Eye and Ear forrtaary in Liverpool, where an operation was per- R 41,V by taking some flesh from the man's arm and looafj.'ng it on to his eye. He was now able to see by 'l3a downwards. When arrested prisoner said, "I 14,P,05e I shall have to go to the assizes. Have I blinded The Judge characterised the off( nee as a he -4411 Y attack on a defenceless man, who might have blinded for life. The prisoner must go to penal ,rvitude for three years.

ST. HELENS ALDERMAN'S DEATH. ,4At a,, a quarter to eleven on Thursday morning the took place at St. Helens of Aldeinvin Frederick a.a;r°wn, who for nearly a quarter of a century had been ,41,:etaber of the St. Helens Town Council. Mr. Brown aZ a native of Manchester, and came to St. "Helens forty-five years ago to take over a mineral-water loVnesa which was then carried on by a relative, and aßoluh he carried on successfully until about six years c 4 when he retired. He was at one time the liat'Ftor of the Imperial taxes for the Parr thit" ~.": let , and then became a member of the Localshl Board, and overseer for that town- cro.'",„ until 1893, when the whole l orough was t-led the township of St. Helens. He entered the ilea'etnns Town Council in 1884, and last year, on the °;t_,of Alderman Sir Christopher Gamble he was o to the vacant 'aldermancy. He was a member k:ou-ve,ral of the most important committees of the all t111:11 and also of the Education Committee, and of regui e members of the Council he was one of the most attenders at the various meetings. For fifteen was also a member a Prescot Board of illaii.tuTl9, and in 1898 occupied the position of chair- of the board. Mr. Brown was a well-known 11,11Vcier of the Conservative party, and both in Pari.ia• .;9 11%arY and municipal elections rendered good service 't Pat. He leaves four sons and two daughters. .%It_,Probable that the funeral will take place on S'ruay afternoon.

STRIKING MESSAGE FROM LORD ACTON.' Mr. A. H. CROSFIELD, ALP., who was received with cheers, said they had held a number of meetings there of which be had read the accounts week by week in the" Wirrington Examiner "with very great interest. and deep satisfaction. These meetings were, of course, primarily held in order to defend tin great principle of Free Trade against the attacks which in Warringtm as in other parts of the country were being made against it ; but a fortnight since they had, as he was assured by all his friends who listened to it, a very splendid address from Mr. Havelock Wilson—(applause) —in which, besides Free Trade, he had something to sty about the 'Budget—and they knew that it was to defend the Budget chiefly that his friend Mr. Harvey and he (Mr. Crostield) had come dawn from London that day. He would submit at the outset that they first of all asked the meeting to give a solid and. very determined backing to the Budget for the reason that it contained, be thought he might say for the first tint°, and sub- stantially realized

THE 'PRINCIPLE OF THE UNEARNED INCREMENT. (near, bear). Liberals and progres,iecs attached enormous importance to that, partly, it was true, for the revenue that it would bring in, half of which went t.) the relief of locil rats, but also for the ulterior consequences that would follow from the land tixes. This Bitigit laid it do .cn that socially-created wealth should bear its share of the taxation that was raised for the needs of the conetry—(applause) —and that was one of the chief reasons why he stood there to ask them to give it an unqualified and absolutely determined back- ing. (Applause). Another reason why he ventured to make the strongest possible appeal for their united suppott to the Budget, was because it helped further to realize whit they had talked about for many a long year past in Warrinuton, and that was the great prin- ciple of graduated taxation. Mr. Lloyd-George started by lasing down the principle quite frankly and fairly that as he had got to raise this large additional sum for the social needs of our people as well as for imperial defence, he would in the fir.t instance try to lay the heaviest share of the burden of that increased taxation on the shoulders that could best bear it. (Applause). Well, that was an old and familiar saying, and he thought everyone of theni must feel real heart- felt satisfaction that at last, after talking about these principles so I ong,they saw them put into actual Fractice. Lloyd-George also said that besides laying the heaviest shire of the burden on the shoulders of those who could best bear It, he would ask all parts of the community to contribute something, and so they had the taxation of spirits, beer and tobacco. Be (the speaker) was very sorry indeed that a penny piece had to be put on tobacco, but as the expenditure of the State went up, the money had to be found, and he sub- mitted that the principle Mr. Lloyd-George bad laid down of t:sking all classes of the community to con- tribute was

===== 0002601_19090724_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
BACKING THE BUDGET.

RECORD OPEN-AIR MEETING AT WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
Sp3eches by Messrs. A. H. Crosfield. M.P., A. G. C. Harvey, M.P ,

and ethers.

One of the largest if not the largest open-air political meeting ever held in Warrington was the demonstration organized by the Warrington Pro- gressive Labour League in support of the Budget, which attracted a huge crowd to Bridge Foot (near Arpley Cannons) on Monday evening. The great enthusiasm which characterised the proceqdings showed how Mr. Lloyd-George's courageous and far- reaching Budget proposals commend themselves to the workers, and a notable feature was the entire absence of hostile interniptions, the speeches being followed with the closest attention. Mr. E.Wynue Jones (president of the League) presided and was supported on the platform by Mr. A. H. Crosfield, M.P., Mr. A. G. C. Harvey, M.P. (Rochdale), the Rev. C. Harvey- Cook, Councillors Locker and Skelland, Messrs. C. E. Parker, J. Dodds, E. England, J. Elwell,' S. Wright; J. Howes, jun., and J. Morton (secretaries of the League.)

it was their bounden duty, bsving regard to every con- sideration of English manliness and chivalry, to con- sider the needs of women sad also of the children, he would not merely say on a level with the needs of men for be believed they ought to give them the preference. He was glad therefore to hear the approval with which his suggestion was received—that it would be

longed debates, I really do not think I have ever seen such a combination of cheeriness, patience and courage to opponents, with untlinchirg and unswerving courage and ability, as the Chancellor himself displays. (Applause). Therefore, not alone because the Bridget is a splendid thing in itself but even for personal reasons, I ask you to allow me to take back to Westminster a message of very hearty and determined suppoit both to Ale Prime Minkter and to his gifted, brilliant and indomitable Chancellor." (Loud applause). -

MR. HARVEY EXLPAIS THE BUDGET. THE LORDS' ATTITUDE.

Mr. HARVEY, who was also enthusiastically greeted, said that on any occasion he would be highly gratified to stand on a political platform with Mr. Crosfield, to show how highly his colleagues in the House of Commocs appreciated their member's influence and power far good. (Applause.) He was rarticularly glad to he on a Progressive platform at the present time because they, had come to a crisis in their history. They were faced with a battle and they faced it unsh'inkingly and unafraid, in fact it was the very qght they had been wanting for many years back. (Hear, hear.) Now the day had come they would buckle on their armour and go into the battle with the conscious- ness that right and justice were with them and that the day of democracy was now to dawn.(Applause.)Referring to, the accusations of extravagance made against the , Government, Mr. Harvey said that for a Tory to talk alma extravagance was like Satan renroving sin. (Laughter.) If there were any Tories in Warrington - (laughter)—and they happened to be present, be would like to remind theba of one or two financial facts. When the Liberals went out of power in 1895 they left the expenditure of the country at 102 millions per annum. When the Tories went out of power in 1905 they bad taken it up to 162 millions per annum. They had also given us a war so ill-managed and so ill-calcu- lated that with the actual cost of carrying it out and the increased expenditure it had since entailed upon us, he could prove that they had squandered 1,000 millions of the people's money. The Liberals had had 31 years of government, and what had they done in tivit time? They had led uced the debt of the country by millions and millions of money. They had even done a better thing than that—they had put the finances of \the ' country on a SOUND AND BUSINESSLIKE BASIS.

Catholic schools. He (Mr. Harvey) did not object to the Catholic schools being upheld; Catholics had long and properly, according to their consciences, defended their schools. But the Duke of Norfolk was doing all this in the sacred cause of religion. He (Mr. Harvey) ventured to be a bit sceptical on the point. He thought the Duke was more afraid of land reform than of any danger to the Catholic schools. A short time ago the Derwent valley wanted water, and what was of greater necess:ty to the health and well-being of a community? Per the purposes of the collecting-ground or reservoirs some 500 acres owned by' the Duke of Norfolk were required. The value of the land before the public wanted it was £IO,OOO but the public had to pay his Grace nearly £70,00. (" Shame.") Mr. Harvey showed how the land question lay at the root of all progress and social reform, and he observed that the Budget enshrined a policy which would do the greatest thing of all—secure a valuation of the land. Before they could get serious and substantial land reform, they must have a valuation of every acre of land in the country. (Applause.) Supposing is man, anxious to escape the development tax, put his land value very low, his increment tax would he very high, and if he put a high value on it in order some day, to escape his increment tax, his develop- ment tax would Le very high, so that the poor fellow could do nothing except Le just and true with the authorities in all his dealings, and present a correct and honest valuation. (Applause.) Mr. Harvey showed how our land system handicapped our progress as com- pared with other countries. It was very strange to see, when one went to Germany, how well the people thrived under those conditions of Protection which we ',new were bad for them, and which we would not have at any price. One could go to towns in Germany where they had everything that apparently the public could desire and the rtes were very low—in fact he had been in towns in Germany where rates did not exist at all. Why ? Because the municipality owned sufflcient land and had developed it,so that it paid the a hole of the expenses of governing the town. (Applause). The men who were opposing the Government would not only withhold the land but they would give us Protection, and of late we had seen that they would give us conscription and compulsory service on the top of it. They would give us a tariff on imports because they were so used through their land ownership to put tariffs on trade and the people's natural development. T hey would give its compulsory service because they were used and accustomed to see people controlled and held up, confined in their develop- ment and in the increase of their powers by Leing more or less serfs on the soil which these nien owned nni controlled and were lords and kings of. The batt!e must go forward; there would he no turning back. Lord Landsdowne threatened the Government with muffled thunder. The bright and sharp lightning of Winston Churchill shot from the neighbouring hill. Mance met defloance. It would soon, perchance, be for the people to dec'de. lie did not believe their lordships would be so mad, so lost to all sense of propriety and reasonableness, as to refect the Budget but if they did the weieht of responsibility would be on the people ; it would be the testing time of democracy. They had the strength of the Progressiv* forces in the House of Commons in the two parties—Liberal and Labour— marching side by side, shoulder to shoulder, with one object and aim. When they came to the people and asked them to back them up in the efforts they had made, he trusted—in fact he was sure—they would give the Government their approval and confidence. (Loud applause). SliM

VOTE OF THANKS.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. OROSFIELD'S SPEECH.

A FAIR PRINCIPLE.

(Hear, hear.) He had read a pretty ir*riant speech delivered last week by a very influential man in_the House of Lords—Lord. Lansdowne—who objected to the taxes being put on beer and tobacco, because,he said,t hey had had no business to take them off tea and sugar. There they came to a very straight issue. Were they to go back on that proposal and instead of taxing what were, after all, agreeable luxuries if they liked, but will in a sense and comparatively speaking luxuries—beer and tobacco—and tax tea? (Cries of "No.") In that con- nection he would put one consideration before them. They knew that at the present time while women had a great deal of influence in local politics, and he must say in his opinion a very great and proper influence in Imperial politics too; they had not, for the purposes of the Imperial Parliament, got the vote. A lady friend of his who was taking a very active part in the movement for femsle suffrage gave him a tip very frankly the other day—(laughter)—and he did not mind telling them what it was. (Laughter). She said "You may look out in your constituency for a lively bit of heckling presently." (Laughter). It was quite true that all of them at Westminster now had got to mind their p's and q's a bit. They vrera generally making their way home any time between two and three in the morning, and he could assure them that even at that hour—and he said it with the most sincere admiration for their zeal—he had seen some or their lady friends who were bent on the suffrage way-laying the unfortu- nate Prime Minister at the gates. (Laughter). And so, since his lady friend gave him that tip, he (Mr. Crosfleld) had pictured himself leaving the House and having a look at the Palace gates to see it the watch- ful suffragists were there, making a dash for the under- ground railway or, if they were guarding the station, trying surreptitiously to make his way to a hansom and get home. (Laughter). Speaking quite seriously, .they must frankly admit that there was a great division of opinion in their party on

THE SUFFRAGE QUESTION. He had always realized that the time might come when they would see in this country adult suffrage adopted without the exclusion of either sex; and everyone of age might then have the vote. That might be advisable, but be would say candidly that he would not like to see adult suffrage for the whole population carriel now, because he could not but think that, as the avenues of admirable, useful and most important work were now opened to all their lady friends, if adult suffrage were eventually to be granted, it would not be a bid thing for them to have ten or twenty years of training in local government before'taking what was not only a privilege but a great responsibility in the matter of Imperial government. He might be wrong in holding those views but what he wished to emphasise was that those who thought that way above all must realise that

ACHIEVEMENTS OF THE GOVERNMENT Mr. Crosfield slid it was safe to say they bad got. through more work than any democratic Parliament that ever sat in this country. To recapitulate a few of the leading measures, they had first of all the extension of the Workmen's Compensation Act. Then he mould remind them of what they discussed at considerable length before the election—the Trades Disputes Bill. As bearing upon the important question of the physique of the nation end to the attention the Government was giving to the young, there was the splendid piece of work Mr. llerbertSamuel carried through in the Bill for the Medical Inspection of Children. Let them consider what had been done for the feeding of tho• e poor little ones that went to school underfed; and also another humane subject they had dealt with—the reform of our prison*. Of all that the Government bad done, he thought cne might say with Mr. Birrell tint probably no measure had been pissed by Parliament for genera- tions which had brought about a greater increase in the sum of human happiness than the Old Age Pensions Act. (Loud applause). Mr. Crosfield allusled to the importance of the Budget in view of the prospective extension of the provisions of this Act. He believed the Budget would be carried through for they at West- minster wet() convinced that in supporting it they were not merely going in for progressive finance; they were working for a cause which was really the cause of the pe,ple of this coun'ry and which had real moral as well as polit'cal force behind it. (Applause). Con, vinced of alit, they would if necessary sit until Christmas in order to carry the Budget, aid it was only in the constituencies that they waned a determined and enthusiastic backing for Mr. Lloyd-Gearge W:10 was one of the finest champions of the democracy the country had ever had. (Applause). Tha House of Commons had also been d.mling with Mr. Winston Churchill's proposals for Labour Exchanges, and he (Mr. Crosfield) was sure that a great industrial con- stituency like Warrington must feel a very reit con- x ic'ion of the groat Importance and blessing to our country that such a system would be. Be could not think of anything more heart-breaking and miserable than for a man to be tramping about the country, very likely in the wrong direction, in search of employment, but in vain, when by the necessary organization he might be brought into touch" with an employer who bad a situation to offer hid). He believed also his con- stituents would approve of the steps which had been taken—and he bad the honour of serving on the com- mittee—with a view to the establishment of Trade Boards to get rid of the detestable system of sweating which everyone of them hated. (Applause). If the Budget went through, It would enable them to do more in the work for s )ctal and industrial reform. They would be able to institute a system of mutual .

INSURANCE AGAINST UNEMPLOYMENT which to his mind was a matter of absolutely the first importance. Nor did be think it was less necessary that they should carry through a scheme of insurance that would also cover invalidity and one of the saelckst things in life—premature breakdown in middle age. Besides furthering sach reforms, the Budget would gibe them spare cash for the development grant to encourage the agricultural industry in which he was snre they took a deep interest, knowing how essential it was for the well-being of tbe nation that a consider- able proportion of our people should be kept on the land and, as fur as possible, get back to the land of old England. (Applause). They had perhaps heard it said that the Budget was really a battle between rich and poor. He was glad to say frankly that, for the credit of our English public life, it was not quite so bad as that. He was thankful that there were not only middle-class people and capitalists--and he sas a little bit of a capitalist in a small way himself— (laughter)—amongst the Chancellor's Most determined backers, but slveral landed proprietors were as heartily supporting the Budget as anyone present at that meet- ing. That was the kind of thing that made one proud of the whole tone of English political iife and he hoped they would not forget that the gc,od tone and the comparative, in fact he would say the entire purity of English public life was enormously due to the great battle for Free rrade and purity in politics which their forefathers won for them. (Applause). Not only had they landowners and capitalists backing the Budget, hut he was glad to say that some of the Pters—they said many herd things about Peers and with justice—were public-spirited also. Some little time since he told h's friend

LORD ACTON that thcy would be very glad if he would come down and address a meeting for them in Warrington. He (Mr. Crosfield) felt sure they would welcome him, not ..nly because he was the son of the life-long friend of their old chief Mr. Gladstone but b3caasa then were near and dear ties that associated Lord Acton with their own neighbourhood. (Applause). He beard that Lord Acton might be able.to come to that.meeting, but his lordship had wired him that he had got very important and pressing business to attend to which prevented his being with 'them. He added "Much gratified by kind message. Should have gladly supported you in defending Budget, since my sense of public honour precludes me from confounding my principles with my pocket." (Applause). Mr. Cr3sfield observed that that was a very worthy sentiment to recommend to some of Lord Acton's friends in the gilded chamber. Another r6ason why he asked the meeting to support the Budget was that; in addition to the splendid princrples and the democratic progress which it stood for, they had in Mr. Lloyd-George a man who was Leing facei not by the public spirited of the more fortunate of the comminity but by opposition brought by those who perhaps found that great possessions were a little too much for them and who did not re nember that, fortunate as they were, they should bear in mind the partnership in the national work which they owed to the people of their country. The opposition which Mr. Lloyd-Geoige was confronted with was relentless and carried to the length ot'personal bitterness. "These peop!e," continued Mr. Crosfield, "the masters of many millions, face the gallant little Welsh chieftain—(applause)—and upon my word some- times I remember that delightful old story about another David—many years befdre our David—who was going to be crushed by a mighty giant. But David was too much for the giant, and Lloyd-George, with such a backing as he is getting from the country, will not be crashei by the forces which are brought against him. (Applause).- I have seen men in my lifetime put in tight places, fighting a stiff battle with cheeriness and patience. I have seen men who could combine courage with perfect courtesy to opponents. But sitting behind the Chancellor night after nights through these pro.

Instead of buying things that they wanted immediately and paying for them out of loans, they had paid their way like honest men as they went along. (Applause). They had reduced taxation upon some of the prime necessities of life—tea and sugar. They had also rsduced the burden of the income tax on the small income tax payer, on whom, of course, it fell more heavily than on the man of greater wealth. On these matters they met with the furious anger of Lord Lans- downe who said the Government had been throwing away revenue. SO they had and he (Mr. Harvey) did not regret it. They had thrown away half the sugar tax, but they had thrown it lack agrin into tLe lap of the house wife and if they got more money from the Budget they would throw the other half back. (Applauss). The result of the expenditure was that this year the Chancellor of the Exchequer wanted some 14 millions of money extra. He bad cone forward courageous'y, trusting to the honour of British manhood and asking everyboiy to pay a little towards liquidating the amount, lie had tried in the fairest possible manner to fulfil that principle which Was one of the primary principles of Liberal finance—to apportion the burden according to the strength and capacity of the shoulde.s to carry it. What was the money reqoired for? £7,000,000 for old age pensions. There was notsa respectable citizen in the town who was not glad to pay for the pensions— (bear, hear)—and if the Budget surplus that they expected came to hand, he ventured to pred;ct that. one of the first things for which they would use that accumulated money would be to nund off the scheme and to speedily give to those poor old folks who had struggled almost to the bitter end and at last had to disqualify themselves by receiving poor relief, the pension which perhaps of all in some cases they most deserved. (Applause.) £3,000,000 was requ:red for the navy, and £1,000,000 for labour exchanges, the development grant and improvement of the roads. The remaining £3,000,000 was wanted because the people were not pouring into the Exchequer as .they used to do, a sum of money from a certain source which was always a very profitable source but he was not sure that it redounded to the credit of the country. In other worth the people were drinking leas and the Chancellor was receiving less from the procee3s of liquor. (Applan3e). Mr. Lloyd-George was going to raise the £14,000,000 frirly and justly from the luxuries of people who could afford it and he was not going to touch the necessities of those who could not. ['he income tax and' death duties would provide £7,000,000. That amount would be paid by the rich, by those who had the best things of this life, and it was tcsbe paid in such a way that in the various grades of riches no man would be more hardly hit than another. £6,000,000 would come from liquor licences, toacco tax &c.. end that was the part of the tax which every- body paid. Therefore they had £7,000,000 which the rich would exclusively pay and £6,000,000 which he rich and poor alike would pay according to their Wm- snruption of the articles which produced the revenue. Was that oppressive? (" No.") Then they came to the

LAND TAXES and he was, there to say that those taxes were moderate in extent, fair in their incidences, end /did not deprive any man of any legitimate or hard-ealned wealth. (Hear, hear.) In the (list place there was the increment tax. lie was wondering as he came down in the train whether it was at Wirrington that Mr. Cham‘,erl in made that great speech—(A voice: " Yes in 1885 ")—formulatinz theories and putting forward arguments which Liberals in those days cheered to the echo and which they still cheered. He (Nlr. Harvey) wanted them to mark that in the levj ing of the increment tax the Government did not touch anything that had talrfn place in the past. They knew of cases where the public had been grievously misused, where common lands had been stolen from the Fthlic possession, but they let by-gorys he by-genes. They neither tonche I the past nor did they really touch the present value. All they said to the happy owners of land increasine, in value was : "If at some future time the land which you claim to own should increase in value through no exertions of yourself but by the enterprise and effort of your neighbours or, it may be, of the Corporation of the town in which the land is situated, it is right that you should repay at any rate a portion of it to those who have created it." (Appl title). Speaking for himself, as a man of perhaps not altogether moierate inclination, but a man who was disposed to shape his course so as to get what was practical before he want on to what was ideal, he said that to take one-fifth of that weilth created by the cnmmunity was a very moderate and cautious proceeding. The undeveloped land tax was just as moderate. It was nit right that any man should withhold from public utility land which the public required until he could starve them into the abject position of paying through their necessities a great deal more than they ought to afford. (Applause.) A man like that under this Budget paid one halfpenny in the £ per annum on the capital value of his lind—a mild and gentle close administered by a kindly physician who would watch the patient and if he got feverish would administer a cooling draught, toad if he gat furious tvould draw the curtains, lock the door, and leave him tibia own fit of ill temper. (Latohter). Allud:ng to the " fume and fury " which the Budget had provoked, Mr. Harvey said it was not the actud amount of the taxes but the policy that the taxes indicated which these men disliked. They saw at last the door swinging open—the door too long locked and barred against public right—and they saw the time coming when this pllicy would bring the p-..0p1e to their own and make

mr. ELAVF.LL proposed a vote 01 thanks to Mr. Crosfield and Mr. Harvey for their addresses. He said that what Progressives were advoc;itTng was that the Free Trade principles which had been adopted in our industries should be extended to the land, so that it might be brought into its hightest state of cultivation. (Applause). The Rev. C. HARVEY COOK, in seconding, said they were facVl to face with a great cleavage in social senti- ment and political outlook. Some of them could not but feel it was a very unsocial thing to hold up the lend and to cramp people in such places as many landlords would not put their dogs and horses into. This great cleavage called for the services of every man and woman who had the interests of humanity at heart, and he honed that if he were a landlord he would have sufficient public sentiment and social conscience to submit with- out murmuring to the gentle dose of the Budget principles. There was growing up a vigorous social conscience which was making us feel in a deeper and more significant sense that we belonged to each other and that what we had to do was to work not simply for the advantap of our own outlook and prospects but for the advantage of every brother and sister on God's earth. (Applause). The vote was heartily passed. THE RIGHT TO WORE BILL.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
A MONSTROUS THING

to go back on the taxes proposed on Leer and tobacco in order to put them on tea. (Applause.) He was quite aware that the, present proporals ,in regard to the taxation of licences might to a certain extent he revised and probably would be revised during the clmmittee stage, but that was a committee question. On the broad principle they were committed to the taxation of beer and tobacco within reason, and he hoped his hearers would approve of it. (Rear, hear). They were not going to substitute a tea tax for a beer tsx, but at once they were faced with a graver question. Their opponents made no secret about it; they admitted that what they wanted to sutstitute for the taxation Mr. Lloyd-George proposed was not merely a tax on this or that article, but

===== 0002601_19090724_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
A TAX ON THE WHOLE CUPBOARD.

He had alluded to the unearned increment and graduated taxation as grounds upon which the Budget should receive their support, but to his mind the strongest reason of all why they should give Mr. Lloyd-George a solid backing was that those who were trying to beat him down by one of the most serious attacl4s on democracy that had been made probably during the life-time of anybody present, were deliber- ately committed to an attack upon the whole house- hold cupheard. (Applause.) They were committed to tax butter, cheese and dairy produce; they were committe to tax beef and mutton, and they even went the length of proposing to tax bread itself. In these days we beard a great deal about the national physique. Some people in very high places had much to say on that subject and we were also told on great authority that we could not expect to rear an Imperial race in rookeries. That was very true, but he thought it would be as well if those who were so fond of reminding us of the facts would bear them in mind, insteld of shrieking out w hen the Chancellor proposed to put a halfpenny ti x upon undeveloped land. ( idea r, hear) Let them remember that the halfpenny tax, so brilliant ly discussed as it was in the speech which Mr. Churchill delivered in Scotland—(applause)—would help us to get land more easily into the market and therefore to relieve the pressure upon our slum populations—the brack spot on our modern civilization, that ought to be kwept away from the fair face of our country. (Applause.) It was n9t only the revenue but the social effect of the taxes M. Lloyd- George was proposing that they had to consider, and it was

===== 0002601_19090724_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
SADLY INCONSISTENT

of those men in high places who were so fond of tell- ing us to raise the physique of our people, to jib at a tax such as he bad alluded to;merelv because it touched the pocke!s of some of them. Whit were they to sly about the further proposal coming from those very quarters to substitute taxes on the prime neces- saries of life, not alone for the great masses of the people but in particular for the poorest part of the community who lived in the very slums we wanted to get rid of? The first articles of food on which the very p,,or of our country depended were bread and tea. Therefore he submitted that the strongest reason of all why they bad got to 'see the Budget through was because they were going to beat down the reactioniry proposals wbich the Oppooition wanted to substitute for it. Referring to some of the

===== 0002601_19090724_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
C RCEL MONOPOLY

to cease from amongst us. He had seen gre tt moments when questions of national importance dealing with the conditions and lives of the people were before the House, and he hid ssen the Opposition benches deserted and vacant. But when the question of the Budget cane to the fore there was not a vacant place. (Laughter). The Benches were crowded ; members sat up late at night and went home with the milk in , the morning. (Laughter). They were there in such num- bers to defend privilege and monowly and the so-callel rights of property, ani they defended those rights with an insolence he had never seen equalled and with ill manners that sat very badly on the shaulders of the gentlemen of England. (Apphrtse). The Liberal party were nat enemies of private property. 'When a man owned property, whatever the size or extent of it might he, if that property had been 'rated by himself, by the use of his brains or muscles and formed no selfish or oppressive monopoly, it was the duty of a Government ta d 4end it and to keep the man in his possession. But complete and

===== 0002601_19090724_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
UNCHALLENGED LAND OWNF:RSHIP

was a monopoly of a character likely to be most oppressive and most grinding to the people of this country. (Applause) Mr. Harold Cox told them in the House that if they taxed land on its increment value they were doing a dangerous thing: they were infringing on the rights of private property. Ho (Mr. Harvey) said in answer that no land was private property in the fullest sense of the term. It had ben found con- venient, rightly or wrongly, to leave it in the marrige- ment of private hands but, after all, the public had the first claim to the soil on which they had been born and on which,in spite of submarines and airships, they were obliged to live; When Mr. Harold Cox compared lend property with the fortune earned by a hard working country doctor, he was saying a thing that was absurd in the ears of common men. (Applause). Mr. Harvey quoted as an illustration of the increase of land value, the construction of the Manchester Ship Canal, pointing out that the individuals will had directly benefited by it• were the fortunate few landowners whose land, useless and undeveloped, lay in the neigh- bourhood of the Ship Canal. He ventured to sly that men like Lord Egerton of Tatton—Le was speaking w:th all respect, and not attacking individuals but the system—and the Trafford family, who had land in the neighbourhood of the Canal, had reaped more out of the expenditure of the pr Irate means of small capitalists and the rates of the citizens of Manchester on that undertaking than anybody else would reap in the future. Continnin Mr. Harvey contended that the Mike of Norfolk had abrogated the rule that no peer should interfere in the election of a member of the House of Commons by writing a letter to the Tory candidate for Derbyshire encouraging him in his battle in order that Mr. Proftimo's saccess might be an instrument to Strengthen and uphold the

Mr. CROSFIELD, after endorsing the last speaker's remarks as to the greater sense of fellowship and brotherhood tha`: was springing up in this and other nations, congratulated the Progressive Labour League upon its magnificent work. He did not think Liberalism and Labour were ever pulling' together better in this country than they were to-day and be honed the League woul,l increase its alrtady great influence in the town. A question had been sent up which dealt with his vote on the Right-to-Work Bill. He was sure there was not one single member of the Lelgue who felt the urgency of the question of unemployment more than he did. He did not think that the Right-to-Work Rill, as introduced into the House of Commons, was the best way of dealing with that-. problem. He was convinced that the land taxes they had been talking about that night, apart from the ques- tion of revenue, had very direct bearing on the ques- tion of unemploy nt. He considered there were twenty othei ways In hich they would reduce unem- ployment to a minimum and then deal with what unfor- tunately might remain by a system of national insur- ance. (Applause). 'A vote of thanks was passed to the Chairman, and three ringing cheers for the Budget concluded a most successful meeting.

PATRIOTISM OR COWARDICE. Sir Jahn Brunner's Plain Speaking. The Budget proposals received the emphatic support of a great public meeting at Macclesfield on Wednesday night. Three thous tnd people filled the Drill Hall, and recorded the:r approval of the Bill. The meeting was preceded by a conference of Liberals from all parts of Lane tshire and Cheshire, held in the Macclesfield Memorial HAI. It was the first of a series of con- ferences arranged- by tha recently formed Federation of Liberal Associations in the two counties named.

Mr. A. J. King, MT., in supporting the resolution moved by Baron d) Forest, said the Budget was welcome] by him because it, was likely to raise once more, in its most acute form, that great question as to whether the men whom the people atigrelt trouble and cost had returned to represent them in Parliament should govern them and make laws for them, or whether that should be done by the Lords, who represented to one but themselves.—(Hear, hear). At the mass meeting in the evening Sir John Brunner Nr.P., moved the adoption of the resolution which had been submitted to the conference. "I do not," he said, " want Dreadnoughts, bat now that we are to have them lam willing to pay. I lilve no worth to express my contempt for those people who boast of their patriotism, who demand that enormous sums should be spent on armaments and then shrink, like the cowards they are, from the ,payment. (Cheers.) Every tax of the Budget hits me (except the whisky), but I am going to pay cheerfully, like the Chairman ; but to be abso- lutely frank with YOU it will be more thou cheerful in my case. I shill enjoy writing out the chtl,tes because it hits those fellows. (Laughter and ch .ers). Mr. Duncan Maclean, M.P., spoke in support of the resolution, which was passed almoLt unanimously.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
A COLLIER'S INJURY.

Compensation Claim at Warrington.

At the Warrington County Court, on Thursday, before Deputy-Judge W. H. S. Oniton, Albert Naylor, collier, Tanhoose-lane, Burtonwood, brought a claim under the Workmen's Compensation Act for compensation for injuries received whilst following his employment, the respondents being the Collins Green Colliery Ca., Earlestown.s Mr. W. J. Lies (instructed by Mr. W. Hutchen, St. Helens) appeared for the applicant, and Mr. E. Peace, Wigan, for the respondents. Mr. Lias stated that Naylor, wtio had been in the employ of the respondents for 20- years, finished his work at four o'clock on the morning of January 28th He was going up the main brow to the pit eye, followed by a man named Cunliffe, when he came across two sets of waggons, full and empty. He had to gt between them to get to the pit eye, and he WPS making his way between the waggons when they were suddenly set in motion. Applicant was dragged along and crushed between a full waggon and the bar which supported the roof of the pit He was in the Cottage Hospital for 19 weeks, the tissues of his back being broken, the ribs fractured, and he also sustained internal injuries. He was not yetable to work.

„ Applicanton answer to Mr. Peace, admitted that there was a rule to the effect that no person must travel the haulage brow when the rope which worked the waggons was in motion. The rope was not in motion when be started to walk along the brow, He did nptassent to Mr. Peace's suggestion that the rule meant that the men could only travel the haulage brow during certain periods when the engine was not working and there was no danger of the rope starting. Dr. Lath uu said it would be a considerable perild before applicant recovered from his injuries. Robert Cunliffe, 72, Fairclough•street, Burtonwood, who was working with the applicant, corroborated his version of the accident and denied that applicant was riding on one of the waggons. For the defence Mr. Peace contended that applicant ohad no right to walk along the haulage brow until a signal\ had been givtn that the rope was not working and further that he must have been riding on one of the waggons, and was thus guilty of serious and wilful misconduct. It was impossible for the accident to have happened in the way suggested by the applicant, for tests had been made and showed that a man might stand between the waggons without being injured. After hearing evidence, his Honour gave an award in favour of the applicant, with an allowance of lls. weekly, the amount agreed upon, and costs on scale B

===== 0002601_19090724_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
AGONY Of ECZEMA BEYOND WOE

Whole Body a Mass of Raw, Tor— turing Humor—Hair All Fell Out and Ears Seemed Ready to Drop Off—Clothing Would Stick to Bleeding Flesh Hoped Death Would End Fearful Suffering.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
CASE SEEMED HOPELESS BUT CUTICURA CURED HER

"Words cannct describe the terrible eczema I suffered with. It broke out on my head and kept spreading until it covered my whole body. I was almost a solid mass of sores from head to foot. I looked more like a piece of raw beef than a human being. The pain and agony I endured seemed more than I could bear. Blood and pus oozed from the great sore on my scalp, from under my finger nails, and nearly all over my body. My ears were so crusted and swollen I was afraid they would break off. Every hair in my head fell out. I could not sit down, for my clothes would stick to the raw and bleeding flesh, making me cry out from the pain. My family doctor did all he could, but I got worse and worse. My condition was awful. I did not think I could live, and wanted death to come and end my frightful sufferings. "In this condition my mother-in-law begged me to try the Cuticura Rem- edies. I said I would, but had no hope cf recovery. But oh, what blessed re- lief I experienced after applying Cuti- cura Ointment. It cooled the bleeding and itching flesh and brought me the first real sleep I had had in weeks. It was as grateful as ice to a burning tongue. I would bathe with warm water and Cuticura Soap, then apply the Ointment freely. I also took Cuti- cura Resolvent for the blood. In a short time the sores stopped running. the flesh began to heal, and I knew I was to get well again. Then the hair on my head began to grow, and in a short time I was completely cured. I cannot praise Cuticura enough. I wish I could tell everybody who has eczema to use Cuticura. Mrs. Wm. Hunt, 135 Thomas St., Newark, N. J., U. S. A., Sept. 28, 1008."

'Cuticura Remedies are sold wherever the British Flag floats. Depots: London, 27. Charterhouse Paris, 5, Rue de la Paix; Australia, R. Towns& Co.. Sydney; India, B. K. Paul, Calcutta; So. Africa, Len- non, Ltd., Cape Town, etc.,: U. S. A., Potter Drug & Chem. Corp., Sole Props., Boston. 01,-Post free from London Depot, liberal sample Or Cuticura and 32-page book giving description, treat- ment and cure of skin and scalp diseases.

MERRY W EAT LIE it ON WATER SUPPLY & FIRE PROTECTION

===== 0002601_19090724_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
County Mansions; Experts sent to all parts to Report on Existing Arrangements. Write for Pamphlets Merryweather & Sons

63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W. C.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE BOX OF CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS is are warranted to cure, in either sex, all acquired or constitu- tional discharges, from the Urinary Organs, Gravel an& Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. Established upwards of 50 years. in boxes 4s. 6d. each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through-out the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers. The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Co., Lincoln.-Advt. TO MOTHERS.-IMRS. WINSLOW'S Soothing Syrup had been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for the children while teething, with perfect success. it will relieve the poor sufferer immediately, it is pleasant to taste ; and produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and the' little cherub awakes "as bright as a button." Of all Chemists Is. I Ad. per bottle.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
WE PRINT THE LARGEST SHEET

IN THE TOWN AND DISTICT. Plain or in two or more colours to make a bold and striking display on Hoardings and walls.

" EXAMINER " OFFICE, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER Series

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. APARTMENTS WANTED.HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. ARTICLES FOUND. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. MISCELLANEOUS SALES.

One - Three Six Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 16 ... 6d. ... is. 3d. ... 2s. Od ... 3s. 9d. 24 ... 9d. ... is. 10d. ... 3s. Od. ... ss. Od. 32 ... is. Od. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. ... 7s. 6d. 40 ... is. 3d. ... 3s. id. ... ss. Od. ... Bs. 9d. 48 .. Is. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6s. Od. ... 10s. Od.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
Domestic Eervants, etc.

WANTED, COOK-GENERAL; good borne; good wages; housemaid kept.—HOL34E LEA, Charlton Drive, Sale.

SERVANTS wanting Places, Mistresses wanting Servants, write Mrs. WILKINSON, Clifford at., Barnoldswick, Yorks.

WANTED, NURSE-HOUSEMAID; one child; comfortable country home; others kept.—Mrs. Fox, Bettwys-y-Coed.

NV-ANTED,. good strong' GENERAL; good refer- ence indispensable—Apply Mrs. FAwcETT CAVE, 447, Lord st., Southport.

NV-ANTED, young GIRL at once as Mother's Help Good home. Reference.—THOßNßEß, Rossendale rd., St. Annes-on-Sea. .

WANTED, strong GENERAL, able to wash; small family; reference.—RosHFOßTH, 4, Beech grove, Ashton, Preston.

BLACKPOOL.—Wanted at once good SERVANTS,aII departments.—AßNllTAGE REGISTRY, 34, Alevmdra rd., Blackpool. Stamp.

WANTED, good strong GENERAL, age about 25, Must have good references.—Apply WHITE HORSE INN, Nantwich.

WANTED, a COOK-GENERAL, able to help with washing.—Apply Mis. R. T. FAIRCLOUGH, Barryfield, Latchford.

WANTED, good strong GENERAL, good character for public business.—BULL'S HEAD, Elide rd., Ardwick, Manchester.

wAN [ED, good GENERAL, for doctor's house; family two.—Address,Mrs. WARRINGTON, Croft House, Crawsbawbooth, Manchester.

A- VANTED a good GENERAL; apply 2 to 4 p.m Tuesday; references.—C. GOULD, 7, Wilderspool Causeway, Bridge Foot, Warrington.

WANTED.—PARLOURNIAID, age about 24, wages V V £22, also Housemaid about 20, wages £lB.—Apply Mrs. GRIFFITH, Brynaher, Abergele, N. Wales.

Ar 7 WTI ANTED, WORKING HOUSEKEEPER. All V V duties except washing and Cleaning. Wages V.O.—HELP, " Examiner " Office, Warrington.

wrANTED, COOK-GENERAL and HOUSEMAID. —Apply between 6 and 7 p.m., Wednesday or Friday to Mrs. TUNSTALL, The Lindens, Latchford.

IVANTED, a good GENERAL, able to take all duties ; age 18 to 25. References required:— Apply Mrs. CRAVEN, 86, Hornby rd., Blackpool.

WANTED, young COOK-GENERAL and House- maid-Waitress; three in family; good home; references.—Noßm AN Lon GE, Charlton Drive, Sale.

WANTED, Superior GENERAL, 22, Protestant family four; housemaid kept; little washing ; £lB.—Mrs. HOLT, Harboro' Grove, Asbton-on-Mersey;

WANTED, superior COOK-GENERALS, House- maid-Waitresses and several young Generals, £lB to VA.—CLARENDON RD. REGISTRY, Eccles, Manchester.

BLACKPOOL—WANTED at once, 50 strong young GENERALS, Waitresses,Cook-Generals, etc., for Boarding and Private Houses, enclose stamp, state particulars.—MlDLAND REGISTRY, 58, Lytham rd., Blackpool.

wANTED, HOUSEMAID-WAITRESS, for July 31st; family of five; age 28; early riser; must have good references, 5...211) ; and Laundress.— Write or apply before noon to Mrs. MALcoLm, Daven- ham, Northwich.

WANTED at once good COOK, Waitresses, Sewing maids, Nurses, Housemaids, Betweenmaids) Kitchen-maids and Generals. Ladies waiting. Excellent wages. Send particulars.—LAKE DISTRICT SERVANTS REGISTRY, Windermere.

MRS. PRESTON, Progressive Servants Agency, 44 Charles st. The oldest Established in Blackpool. Wants SERVANTS, with references for Hotels, Boarding and Private Houses; good wages; enclose stamp. Tel., 637.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
Miscellaneous, On Sale, etc.

ANGLER'S.—Scientific bait preparation, marvellous results, sample 4d.—WRIGHT, 221, Burnley rd., Coins, Lancs.

ARTISTIC Portable Buildings. Skating Rink Experts, Mission Room 40ft. x 201 t. x Bft., <EB4° erected. Week-end Cottage 20ft. x 20ft., 4 rooms £sB. ALNWICK FOUNDRY LTD., Alnwick.

BACK NETS, any colour, full size, is. id. per dozen post free.—C. Rosg, 38, Bishop St., Coventry.

BE INDEPENDENT.—SuppIy the trade with Boot Polishes. I know how.—F. BURROWS, St. Keyne, Cornwall.

EAUTY.—Lady's six unequalled Toilet recipes. Inexpensive reliable aids. P.O. I.—CARLTON SUPPLY Co., 22, Carlton Hill, Carlton, Notts.

BOOTS ! BOOTS! BOOTS! Direct from Factory to Wearer. Ladies Boots 6s. 9d., Shoes 4s. 9d., tan or black; Gents Boots, black is. 6d.. tan Bs. 6d. ; finest value on earth; carriage paid.—P.O. to JOHNSON'S, Mill Hill lane, Leicester.

B OOTS.—Sacrifice. Manufacturer wanting money will sell his stock of Ladies' Box Calf button and lace Boots, 6s. 9d. a pair ; usual price 12s. 6d. Sent carriage paid to any address on receipt of P.O.—CLARK 4, Killowen rd., South Hackney, London.

CFIEAPEST Garden Rollers made.—The CHEAPLEX, ROLLER Co., 58, Redbridge lane, Wanstead, N.E.

COLLARS for Sale, 3 gross misfits, turn down, size 19in., best quality. Sample 4d.—G. P. COOLEY, Nottingham.

CONJURING.—Genuine lessons in stage work, illustrated. Send 2s. P.O. or write PROF. BACH, 157, Gordon rd., High Wycombe, Bucks.

CIGARS.—" Clifton Vale Courts," box of 100 post free 7s. 6d.; exceptional value ; satisfaction ; cash with order.—HAWKER, BROS., Hotwells, Bristol.

COSTUME LENGTHS, is. 7d. per yard, 50-in. Habit Cloth. Astounding value. Send for Patterns. In black and all colours. 6 yards for 9s. 6d. Car. paid.— ROBINSON'S Dress Warehouse, 40 Rutland at., Leicester

COSTUMES, all latest styles and colors, well cut, beautifully braided us. 9d. also in Cream Serge 12s. 9d., long Cream Coat Bs. 11d.—WILsoN, 1, Lowther RD., Liverpool rd., N.

DEBTS collected; low cbarges.-MELDEBT RECOVERY ASSOCIATION, 2 Princeton st., London, W.C.

D"'T BE OUT OF WORK.—Send stamped envelope for money-making speciality, whole or spare time. '—Nonnis & Co., Liverpool rd., Patricroft.

DRAIN PIPES (Agricultural), moulded and Common Bricks, Terra Cotta, and Patent Partitions. Pamphlet on drainage post free.—JAßEz THOMPSON, Terra Cotta Works, Northwich.

fl RESSMAKER retiring from business offers stock at enormous roduction,los. worth lace or trimming t's 6d. free, exchanged if not approved.—MADAME FRANCES, 43a, High st., Kingston-on-Thames.

ERG in your bath immediately relieves and cure, Gout, Rheumatism, Eczema.—Sent free, 18 stampss COOPER, 117, Plimsoll rd., London, N.

LIXCEPTIONAL Advantages Offered.—Send your 12.1 next enquiry for Printing, Labels, Showeards, Stationery, Wrappings, Bags, to SOUTHALL k Co., Printers, Newport, Mon.

FRUIT Bottled Correctly and Cbeaply.—Little trouble. Receipt is. P.().—A. SNOWDEN, Quad- rant, Woking. FOUNTAIN PENS.—Reliable, fitted 14-carat gold nib, complete with pocket clip, 2s. 9d. post free. Approval.—MooßE, 50 Whitinore rd., Birmingham.

GOODS of -every description sold on credit; repay- ments weekly or monthly; send your require- ments.—BALL, 13, Oak lane, East Finchley, London, N

GREAT OFFER.—To advertise our wonderful Fountain Pens price 215., 10s., and 55., we are .offering them at 55., 2..5.6d.,and is. 6d. respectively post free.—FOUNTAIN PEN C0.,17, St. James rd.,West Croydon. GINGER ALE TABLETS make one of the SIMPLEST, CHEAPEST, PUREST and best TEMPERANCE DRINK. Dissolve in water. If you cannot get it from your Grocer send us threepence in stamps and we will send yon three packets enough to make three gallons. Agents appointed.

Manufacturers : • WORTHING & CO., NORTH ELMHAM, NORFOLK.

HOW TO BRING old properties up-to-date for letting or selling purposes. By having a bath End in (any part) of the house, and supplied with hot and cold water from the scullery by obtaining a set of patent fittings, full particulars from the Inventor.—Mr. W. G. A. HAMBLING, Architect, Forest House, Reading ,

Miscellaneous, On Sales, eat.

LL.ACE from Looms, is. parcel, 2s. 6d. parcel, grand value, Loom CO., Pilchergate, Nottingham.

PIANO music,surplus stock 35., 4s. pieces doz.ls. 6d., 100 9s. 6d.—Fred WILSHIRE, Hanham, Bristol.

SAVE Money, make your own Soap, 4 receipes is.— JAMES BLACK, Edward-st., Lurgan.

Partnerships, Businesses.

TO YOU WANT TO SELL your Business ?—lf so 15 consult Mr. COWDELL, Business Agent, Legh St.

BLACKPOOL.—MILK ROUND. Selling 330 gallons milk, all retail. Profits over £5 weekly. Trial allowed to prove before settling, low rent. Price £220 includes the horse, two floats, churn, all cans and utensils, Very sound CODCOM—WARDLE AND Co., 28, Deansgate, Manchester.

Hotels, Hydros, Boarding Estabs.

BLACKPOOL—Home rom home. Terms Is. each person. Piano.—Mrs. SIXSMITH, 17 Hornby rd Central). _

-P4

BLACKPOOL.—Clean homely APARTMENTS, 1. each person. Near Central Station.—Mrs. SHEARD, 61, Albert rd.

Apartments, Furnished Houses, &c

K.ESWICK.—CIean comfortable APARTMENTS or Board; batb,piario.—Mrs. FORRESTER, Loch Villa.

YTHAM.—Near station and sea, home from home; _LA bath ; piano.—Mrs. EDMONDSON, 48, Westby at.

LONDON.—Superior APARTMENTS for Visitor by day or week; moderate terms; board optional; quiet; central.—Write requirements, MANAGERESS, 4, Bernard st., Russell square.

Apartments, Furnished Hous-e-s,Bcc

IVIORECAMBE.—PRIVATE sitting-room, 2 bed- rooms.—Mrs. FORTUNE, Sefton, Morecambe, W.E.

EVIN.-7APARTMENTS : ,sea and, mountain air 1-1 golf Iinks.—DAVIES, Brynheulog: Morfa Nevin

pENATAENIVAWR.—Sitting and one or two bed- rooms; sea view.- -Mrs. BRAlTHwAlTE,Maesmaenan

OUTHPORT.—HomeIy APARTMENTS, 2s. a bed per night.—Mrs. TURNER, 62, Sbakespeare st.

SOUTHPOMisses LEES, with large well- appointed house, have rooms to let.-5, Knowsley rd., Promenade.

SOUTllPORT.—Comfortable and homely APART- 31ENTS ; good cooking ; piano, bath ; close to all attractions; moderate.—Mrs. DONALD, 13, Promenade.

MHE POPULAR HOLIDAY CAlMP.—Lucas's Nor- breck Camp, Blackpool.—CAmP NEWS, giving all particulars, post free.

VISITORS TO LONDON.-13oard residence, apart- ments, central position, moderate terms.-6 CAROLINE PLACE, W.C.

Horses, Carriages, Live Stock

tj[ARSTON'S, 24, Bradford St, Birmingham. Modern light Funeral stock, sale or hire, New and Second-hand, 50, low prices, easy terms, Hearses, Cars, Coaches Brakes, Landaus,Hansoms, £2O. o—illustrated catalogues and prices free.

Medical.

sidv CORNS.—Ivy Leaf gets them out by roots, try it, DEED, Chemist, Reading.

PATENTS. 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER* GEO. DAVIES & SON,

CHARTERED PATENT AGENTS. ESTAIILISHED IN 1835. rg 60' SELF-HELP TO NEW PATENT LAW. Plll-;c0 IP COLONIAL & FOREIGN PATENT LAWS. FR

THE EXAMINER Series

'OP WEEK-END NEWSPAPERS COMPRIESS

THE WARRINGTON EXAMINER, publishedevery ' Saturday morning, 'principal and the oldest weekly 124 aper for Warrington, Stockton Heath,Penketh,Winwick Padgate, Lymm, &c', being one of the largest and best 'weekly papers in Lancashire and Cheshire. The district 'covered by this paper comprises a large trading and -agricultural tract in South Lancashire and Mid- , 'Cheshire. THE RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every . Saturday morning. It is the best weekly paper the town and district, and offers the., best and 'cneapest facilities to Advertisers. THE WIDNES EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning. Widnes contains the largest llornber of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, -tied is a rapidly growing centre of industry. THE EARLESTOWN AND • NEWTON EXAMINER • published every Saturday morning. The largest --ecal paper containing the news of Earlestown, tiewton-f e-Willows, Golborne, Haydock, Lpwton, &c. he district thus comprised is a most irapoffant part of I..he Lancashire coalfields. TRE ST. HELENS EXAMINER, published every •„, Saturday morning, circulating m St. Helens, rrescot, Parr, Sutton, Peasle:v Cross, &c.—the centre of the glass, chemical, and watch trades of the Kingdom PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. - -

PARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED. - -APARTMENTS TO LET. HOU SES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. ARTICLES FOUND. _ MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. MISCELLANEOUS SXLES. One Three Six Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 16 6d. ... is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. ... 3s. 9d. 2„I 9d. ... is. 10d. ... 3s. Od. ... ss. Od. is. Od. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. —. 7s. 6d. 40 is. 3d. ... 3s. ld. ... ss. Od. Bs. 9d. is. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6s. Od. ... 10s. Od.

Matrimony.

Eggs, Poultry, Etc

===== 0002601_19090724_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
FAIRFIELD WARD ELECTION.

--- Tit 'vacancy has been created in the representation I,\Tr,a,irfield Ward by the death of Councillor J. j. lioeT• Monday next is the last day for the receipt of laZlinatious and, in the event of a contest, the election 'everileen fixed for Tuesday, August 3rd. Up to last 111.14 no candidate had been nominated, but we ersta load ad that Mr. George N. Vernon, of Manehester- "vill stand in the Conservative interest. t-,ETING OF THE LIBERAL COMMITTEE. Tat,lneeting of the Liberal Committee was held in Schools last evening, Mr. George Walker `4'ing• The question of the vacancy was discussed tterub-committee was appointed to deal with the ka.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
Education.

To be Let.

THE EXAMINER,

SATURDAY, JULY 24TH, 1909.

There are some pleasant 'THE COMING intervals in the almost MEN. per pe tual strife of politics. One of these was provided by the dinner given to some junior members of the Ministry by the National Liberal Club on Wednesday night. It is scarcely necessary to remind our.readers that there have recently been several promotions in the Government. Mr. HERBERT SAMUEL has gone from the Home Office to the-Chan- cellorship of the Duchy of Lancaster; Mr. MASTERMAN has succeeded Mr. SAMUEL at the Home Office ; the MASTER of EMBANK has advanced from the position of Junior Whip to tha Under-Secretaryship for India; and Mr. HERBERT LEWIS, trained into local govern- ment as chairman of one of the Welsh County Councils, has become Parliamentary Secre- tary of the Local GovernMent Board. These are the men to whom the National Liberal Club paid spacial honour on Wednesday,and each of them appears to have made most inter- esting speeches, expressing above everything else the new spirit in politics—that considera- tion which places the welfare of the people first and foremost. The difficulty about the older kind of politician, as Mr. MASTERMA said, is that he is living in the new world and still thinking that he is living in the old. The entertainment of the junior members of the Government. by a great political organisation like the National Liberal Club is a wholly interesting innova- tion. It signifies that a sharp outlook is being kept for the coming men who are to be the future-rulers of the country. In what drrection do their thoughts trend? What is the measure of their ability? These are the questions that the National Liberal Club seems to have been asking itself.

The present condition of things provokes such inquiries. Most Ministries within living memory have been Made up of what irreverent persons would describe as "old stagers." Mr. GLADSTONE'S great difficulty froni the beginning to the end of his career was to find a place for any man of promise. He was surrounded by old Parliamentarians who could not be set aside. There was always a horde of Peers Of experience who expected high places in the Governent. The Disraeli and Gladstone and Salisbury Ministries 'were mainly Ministries made out of more or less titled men. The same sort of thing went on (though to a slightly diminished extent) until Sir HENRY cAMPBELL-BANNERMAN became the head of the Government. Then on the death of that remarkable Statesman, who was really the first Radical Prime Minister, Mr. ASQUITH came into power, He was young, as Prime Ministers go, and desirous of surrounding himself—without any neglect of the veterans of Statesmanship—with the men of the new time.

• If the facts were looked up, and the neces- sary comparisons were made, we should find, we imagine, that the present Ministry is, taken altogether, the youngest Ministry that has held office since the days, at any rate, of the younger PITT. It takes half a lifetime nowadays to rise to any sort of eminence in the House of Commons,unless there is a Prime Minister who has a faculty for the discovery of talent. This, however, is a faculty that Mr. ASQUITH most evidently possesses. It might be plausibly contended, indeed, that the strength of his Ministry is .in his young men. Speculation naturally centres itself on what they may become. Who, amongst all of them, is to be the next Prime Minister? The question is one that we shall not presume to answer. There are at least four possible Prime Ministers on the Government front bench, which is surely a remarkable satire on the Tory contention during Mr. BALFOUR'S premiership that no possible, no every moderately respectable, Government could be formed out of the Opposition. There js not more than one possible Prime Minister on the Opposition benches at present, and he is the man *who led the Tory party to overwhelming defeat. The youth and energy and 'strong incentive are all at present on the side of Liberalism. This is one of the great facts of political. history, and it was accentuated in a very interesting manner by the dinner at the National Liberal Club.

It's a long lane that THE ROAD TO has no turning. For THE BENCH. longer than most of us

care to remember there has been a growing feeling against a corres- pondingly growing tendency to link the magisterial bench to party politics. When the present Government came into office the Lord Chancellor foUnd(as he had just told the Peers) that the benches in the country, in the counties especially, were crowded with Unionists. The natural result of this.(" no , men of spirit would submit to it, "said he) was that the other side clamoured to him to appoint practically nobody but Liberals, so as to restore the balance. But had the balance been restored it would probably have soon gone wrong again. For it has become a recognised thing for men whose ambition centres upon the letters " J.P." to work through their party agent upon their party Member, and obtain as the reward of menacing pressure what ought only to be obtained at the reward of intelligence and integrity. It may be granted that the num- ber of fit men_in the two great parties is approximately equal, and that, under ideal conditions, an allotment of an equal nmnber of seats to each would probably work out well. But those ideal conditions are only hypothetically attainable. While party jobbery has to be made use of, very many men of eminent capabilities will refuse to take any steps at all to get themselve put upon the bench. What has been wrong, of course, in the past is'what Lord Loreburn mentioned: the Lord Chancellor has had to appoint thou- sands of magistrates per annum from localities in which he probably knew per- sonally not a single man. There has been no machinery of recommendation save the party one: and if the Chancellor hAs to choose between A, whose M.P. recommends him, and B, whose name is put forward from another source, knowing nothing about the

real qualification of either, he is.just as likely to be right in appointing the former as the latter. It is impo*ble, of course, to forecast the recommendations of the Royal Com- mission which is to consider the matter; but it may very well take the form of local impartial advisory committees to assist the Lords-Lieutenant and the Lord Chancellor.

• Only a month or two ELECTIONS AND back there were indi- THE BUDGET. cations of something like a slump in Govern- ment _stock. That was before the people understood the Budget, and when they were misled (some of them) into thinking it was a revolutionary measure. Time and under- standing have brought enlightenment and to-day the Budget stands in the position of first favourite among the legislative proposals of a generation. There has been quite a miniature general election during the last fortnight, and four contests have each and all resulted in signal triumphs for the Government. Mr. Samuel has retained his seat in the Cleveland Division of Derbyshire, and Mr. Gulland has held his in the Dumfries Burghs, whilst Mr. Hancock defeated his Conserva- tive opponent in Mid-Derby by an extra large majority owing to the hearty co-operation of the forces of Liberalism and Labour. The keenest fight of the lot was that in the High Peak Division of Derby- shire which resulted yesterday in a victory for the sitting member, Mr. Partington, by 347 votes, and incidentally in the humiliation of his opponents. It is no secret that the Trade and the landowning class made a great effort to give Mr. Lloyd George a slap through the overthrow of his newest Junior Lord of the Treasury. They have left no stone unturned, and no mud-puddle unstirred in order to weaken the Liberal position, staked as it was on the Budget. But Mr. Partington has triumphed unmis- takably. His majority may be only half what it was when he was carried in on the Free Trade wave in 1906, but his poll is actually greater. Moreover, it has to be remembered that every election in the division between 1885 and 1900 proclaimed High Peak a Tory seat. The campaign against the Budget has signally .failed. People—the great democracy—have at last realised that Liberal legislation aim at equalising the national burden and placing the heaviest load of taxation on the broad- est shoulders. The masses and the classes and the taxes are being adjusted to their equitable relative -proportion.

In his first report to

UNHEALTHY the Education SCHOOLS AND THt Authority on School REMEDY. Hygiene Dr. Hibbert, _ _ _ _ _

the Medical Officer, illustrates very forcibly the backward posi-. tion of the borough in respect to education equipment from the health point of view. Those who know anything of the schools in the borough will recognise that the strictures of the Medical Officer are by no means exaggerated,and this raises the doubt whether the borough has really benefited by its past policy of running education on the cheap. It will take a long time, and be a costly process, before we have the children of the. town in schools which will conduce to health and well-being, as well as mental development. We readily acknow- ledge that it is impossible all at once to bring about such a desirable consummation, but what does impress us in the report is that many of the faults can be remedied with comparative ease and with little expense. Dr. Hibbert tells us that the school buildings require inspection and appropriate treatment quite as urgently as the children, attending. In the matter of ventilation ,he says that the most frequent and marked defects are found to exist; that it is an excep- tion to enter a schoolroom which has been occupied for any length of time by the scholars to find the air at all fresh; that the windows are often the only means of ventila- tion and were in several cases found shut; and the ventilating tubes closed. It is pointed out that in many cases only a small part of each window can be made to open. We would commend the following suggestive paragraph of the report to all concerned in education:

" Without adequate ventilation of the school- rooms, the general health of teachers and scholars deteriorates, while infectious disease finds the most favourable conditions for its spread. Colds' are often attributed to draughts, but— and I would especially submit this point to the teathers themselves—, colds' are not so much caused by fresh air admitted from without as due to the polluted atmosphere of the ill-ventilated interior. Not only from the point of view of the child's physical welfare is fresh air a constant necessity, but it is also impossible for a child to derive full benefit from the proffered teaching when the brain is dulled with the poisons of a stuffy atmosphere."

When we come to the question of light, the structural difficulties are considerably greater, and in view of surrounding buildings blocking out the light of various schools it will be impossible to improve them in this particular, and the only cure is to push for- ward the building of modern well-lighted schools. Dr. Hibbert tells us that " many- of the schools are by no means recent struc- tures, and do not comply with the modern, ideas on school construction. In several instances the buildings were not, I believe, 'originally intended as schools; and even in the schools built as such, the requirements for parochial purposes were chiefly considered, and , the sanitary defects characteristic of the parent building were often copied." The doctor strongly condemns the sanitary conveniences of many schools, particularly those where the repulsive and unhealthy pail system is in force. Unfortunately the whole town suffers in a similar way through inadequate sewers, and remedy is only possible by a comprehensive scheme which will bring the sewage system up to the required standard. In regard to the chil- dre,n themselves, 968 have been medically inspected, and tables are given with full particulars, of which the following are the most important: Verminous condition of head, 226 per cent.; defective eyesight (errors of refraction), 141) per cent. ; defective teeth, 223 per cent..; enlarged tonsils, 9'o per cent. Altogether, there is reason to be grateful to the Medical Officer for taking such pains to open the eyes of those in authority in regard to nuisances and drawbacks affect- ing the children in our schools which, while not exactly discoveries, have been neglected because of that familiarity which Often leads to contempt.

Here -is a story of • a FREEDOM AND fight for freedom in a FREE BEER. Surrey township. At Reigate, on July Ist, 1909, all the public-houses except five raised the price of their beer by the amount agreed upon among the brewers. Ten years ago in that part of England that decision would have been accepted as part of the workings of the universe. But since then there has been a change of spirit in Reigate, as well as a change of Parliamentary representation. As soon as the price had, been raised— by the very firms which had been asking for" eight more Dreadnoughts " and refusing to wait—the labourers ceased to drink beer

at those houses. They sent for ginger-beer. What beer they bought they took from the five other houses. What was the result? Within twenty-four hours those publicans found themselves •idle men. They just fell into the ranks of the unemployed. Within another twenty-four hours they were sending &deputation to the brewers to allow them to lower their prices. Within another twelve. hours the price.was reduced. And now they are giving beer away in the vain hope of recapturing the lost trade

The Warrington Pro- WARRINGTON AND gressive Labour . THE BUDGET. League has every reason to be proud of, the part it has taken in the Budget campaign. There have been many large and enthusiastic open-air meetings in support of the progres- sive cause of late years, but Monday even- ing's demonstration in defence of the Budget was probably a record. The crowd could not lie,ve been far short of 3,000, and there was not a single dissentient note—in fact it was evident that the meeting was determined and enthusiastic in its support of Mr. Lloyd- George's democratic and far-reaching -proposals. Mr. A. H. Crosfield, M.P., received an enthusiastic welcome and the convincing and direct way in which he stated the case for the Budget and the Government's other admirable measures of reform, held the close attention of the audience. The telegram from Lord Acton succinctly stating his reason for supporting the Budget, was received with gratification, his lordship's public-spirited view of the measure being in striking contrast to the selfish attitude of some noble lords who are fuming and threatening. Mr. A. G. C. Harvey, M.P., delivered a very powerful and eloquent speech, and carried his hearers with him in his lucid exposition and wholehearted support of the Budget. Mr. Harvey himself was deeply impressed with the meeting, for, writing from the Reform Club, London, to Mr. James Dodds (whose guest he was) he says ".1 have told many of my friends here about the meeting, which was one of the most encouraging I have ever attended and whiclt filled me with hope for the future."

===== 0002601_19090724_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
‘OTES AND NOTIONS.

The Budget does not fall only on the rich. It is just all round. It taxes the luxuries of all classes, while the Tariff Reformers want to tax their necessities. That is the real choice—br.ead or tobacco? Meat or motors? Cheese or whisky? Living or land?

" Ah ! my good Man," said the critic of the Budget, " but you will have to pay more for your tobacco and your whisky." " That may be," said the working man, "but in my house there's only one that drinks whisky ard smokes tobacco, while there's terr that eats bread." * * _ _ _

The Lord Chief Justice of England has provided temperance advocates with a stock argument for which they will be grateful. It was a remarkable expression of opinion from a man in such high authority when he said, at a public meeting in connection with the Alcoholic Congress on Wednesday night, "that after thirty years' experience at the Bar and ten years as a Judge he had found as a fact that 80 per cent. of crime in this country depended upon intemperance." * * *

The House of Commons last Friday after- noon passed the Trade Boards Bill through its remaining stages,after a rather weakly- supported attempt had been made.to intro- duce the fiscal issue by the back door, as Mr. Curran well put it. We sincerely hope that the effect of the Bill will be to get rid of the evil of sweating, an evil, we may note, which appears in all countries, whatever their fiscal syste-rii may chance to be. The Board of Trade can be trusted to work the Bill in the best possible manner, and we shall be very disappointed if the experiment is not a successful one.

I am convinced that it is only through peace that the highest moral and material progress of the nation can be secured.—His .Majesty the King. There are no plants or flowers "down south," and that is what we missed most.— Lieutenant Shackleton.

The British are our friends, as we are theirs, but on the field of sport everybody for himself.—President Fallieres.

We• will stand no mincing ; and unless Lord Lansdowne and his landlordly friends choose to eat their own mince up again, Parliament will be dissolved.—Mr. Winston Churchill on the Peers and the Budget. *

The Garden City at Hampstead is now generally considered to be the finest example of a city of this kind to be seen in the world. In company with Mr. Henry Vivian, M.P., Earl Grey recently paid a visit to the city, and expressed himself highly delighted with its appearance and the arrangements. A few days ago the garden city was visited by the German municipal deputation which came over to investigate municipal life and progress in this country. They were much surprised and charmed with what they saw at the Hampstead garden city, and. frankly admitted that they had nothing approaching it in Germany. Mr. Henry Vivian, M.P., and his colleagues may well be proud of their work at the Hampstead garden city. * * *

Anyone would gather from the debates in the House of Commons during the last 'fort- night that the Increment Tax was a tax that would drive the landlord into the workhouse and the tax-collector into a lunatic asylum. And yet this is the judgment of Mr. Bernard Mallett on the working of the Increment Tax -at Frankport, where it runs hiWl as 26 per cent.: "I did not discover aMy reprobation of it, as ' Socialistic ' or oppressive, .or as having checked business transactions in real estate." On the contrary, the tax seems to be especi- ally easy to collect: "It was stated that the tax was worked without friction, and it was specially commended on the ground of facility and cheapness of collection." Frankfort alone is already obtaining from this tax £50,000 a year. . .

* The other day a remark was made by the Chancellor of the Exchequer to the effect that his financial proposals had given a check to spirit-drinking which, as far as his know- ledge went, was unparalleled. Those who conduct restaurants of the highest class or who are engaged in the management of clubs are very well aware of an extra- ordinary decrease in the consumption of wine and spirits. The managing director of one of our most famous restaurants stated the ogler day, "Country Life" says, that in his prosperous concern the number of those who took luncheon or dinner had very largely increased, but that the individual bill was much smaller. The case of one of thq most fashionable clubs is even more illuminating. Twelve years ago, with 500 members, the. Wine and spirit account reached £1,300 per annum; but last year, with double the num- ber of members, the account had shrunk to less than £1,400.

Mr. Joseph Howes; who has been doing yeoman service in the High Peak division, will address an open-air meeting at Bridge Foot (near Arpley Cannons) on Monday evening, when he will reply to some of the statements made at the recent Tory meeting.

* * * Another of the Burnley brigade of tariff reform lecturers was holding forth at Bridge Foot on Thursday evening but his views did not meet with much encouragement and he was subjected to a perfecl. fusillade of questions. Workingmen in Warrington are not at all enamoured of the Protectionist nostrums and the speaker was plied with awkward queries, in which it was inevitable that "the land" should have a part. When asked for • infor- mation on the German land system and its advantages to the municipality, the speaker discreetly replied that he "was not an encylopfedia," ingeniously adding that land reform might be just as easily accom- plished under tariff reform conditions as under Free Trade. But how these tariff reformers wail about the land clauses., of the Budget! * * * The late Sir Wilfrid Lawson, whose memory is to be perpetuated by a statue on the Embankment, which the Prime Minister unveiled on Tuesday, inherited his hatred of strong drink from his father. who gave proof of his own convictions on the subject by pouring the whole contents of his cellai into a pond. At one time (says the " Westminster Gazette ") Sir Wilfrid attempted a collection of the epithets which his crusade against drink had procured him,but soon found the task too big for him, and had to give it up.— It is interesting to recall that in the early part of the reign of George I. there were two Wilifrid Lawsons sitting at West- minster, one of whom was M.P. for Cocker- mouth, a constituency represented by the late baronet more than a century and a half later. Farther back still, in the reign of Queen Elizabeth,there was a Wilfred Lawson sitting for the same county in Parliament, and a Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Kt., was also returned for Cockermouth in the Long Parliament. Fifty years ago, when Sir Wilfrid first entered the House of Commons, Disraeli welcomed him as "a chip of the old block."

===== 0002601_19090724_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
LORD ACTON AND THE BUDGET.

Birtles.

s:;',f,'=l;:.',•—•."::):' .2.4 ''''',.:;', ::.?;,:.'Vi,,,,AiYktlaVWC'; A,.,.4,. i_d..,,,,,,40::.:' ?, ,-,,,,-,,,,`•••<•v',1:. ivet.:4„,l/4.,i,r..,4•-, ~;,,,,. '<,:1.;,,,,,,..P.:!,,ti.N: ~,::;,:s„. ~ if 410.,,,,. .„..,,,.....,,,„„ ~...,,,, N't"'",'"'CA„-•*,>'-•V fti I

===== 0002601_19090724_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
LORD ACTON

Ph:to,

Who has been staying at Appleton Hall this week, was invited to lend his support to the open-air meeting on Monday evening, and sent the following striking telegram :

"MUCH GRATIFIED BY KID MESSAGE. SHOULD HAVE GLADLY SUPPORTED. YOU IN DEFENDING BUDGET, SINCE MY SENSE OF PUBLIC HONOUR PRECLUDES ME FROM CONFOUNDING MY PRINCIPLES WITH MY POCKET."

The reading of the telegram was received with hearty cheers by the meeting.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
OPEN-AIR MUSICAL FESTIVAL.

SUCCESSFUL EFFORT FOR THE IN

Thousands of the townspeople flocked to Bank Park I on Thursday evening when the first annual open-air musical festival promoted by the Warrington 'lnfirmary Workingmen's Committee in aid of the funds of the institution, was held, and fully realised all expecta- tions. The Committee had succeeded in enlisting the services of the Warrington Male Voice Choir, the Apollo Male Voice Choir, and. Crosfield's Brass Band, and it is impossible to speak too I highly of the public spirit of each organisation, whose members took up the project with such whole-hearted enthusiasm. Splendid arran,gements had been made and the programme was calculated to appeal. to all lovers of music. The only cause for anxiety was the fick,leness of the elements,and the lower- ing clouds which appeared just before the Commence- ment of the concert did not tend to inspire con- fidence. .However, about seven o'clock there were occasional gleams of sunshine and when Crosfleld's band took their places in the stand the park was densely thronged. Over 5,000 persons must have passed into the grounds,and the Collecting boxes, con- veniently placed at each entrance, reaped a good harvest of coins. The chairs, for which a small extra charge was made, were very well patronised. Amongst those who attended the I concert were the Mayor (Alderman Forshaw), Alder- man Burton (chairman of the Workingmen's Com- mittee), Mr. George Walker (vice-chairman), Mr. J. H. J. Hampson (hon. secretary), Mr. W. Daintith (member of the Board of Management), Rev. E. C. E. Carleton, Rev. C. Harvey Cook, Dr. E. A. Fox, Mr. J. H. Smethurst, and Mr. and Mrs. C. Jackson Holmes. The programme opened with the sprightly march "Honest Toil" (Rimier), by the band, which was immediately succeeded by that old ~... favourite the "Poet and Peasant" overture (Suppq). A remark- ably fine performance was the " Tannhauser" selection (Wagner) which was characterised by skilful execution and great expression and called forth warm appreciation.. Another popular item was the descriptive piece "A Sailor's Life' (S. Cope) which gave an effective representation of a storm and a naval battle. The concluding band selection was "William Tell" (Rossini) which included the famous storm movement. Under Mr. G. F. Bedforth's condactorship, the intricacies of this difficult piece were surmounted and the interpretation gave the utmost. pleasure and satisfaction. The two male voice choirs sang combined, under Mr. Harry 13errey's conductorship, and provided a rich muSical treat which was much appreciated. It was unfortunate that while the vocalists were on the platform in readi- ness for their second item rain fell in torrents, but they stuck to their posts heroically and the majority of the crowd also stayed. It was only a shower, and the remainder of the programme was carried through without interruption. The choirs sang the stirring "Soldiers' Chorus" from " Faust " (Gounod) accom- panied by the band, with fine effect. Their other selections were "Must I then depart from Thee" (Abt), " On the Ramparts" (Saintes), " Destruction of Gaza " (De Rille), " Beleaguered " (Sullivan), " Martyrs of the Arena " (De 1?ille), and" Soldier's Farewell" (Hatton). Each item was artistically interpreted, the voices blending beautifully, and there was a consensus of opinion that the pieces had been well chosen.

We are pleased to hear from the Secretary that the sum realized by the concert was £46 Bs. d.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
BRITISH SHIPPING AND ITS GAINS UNDER FREE TRADE.

GERMAN TESTIMONY.

The German Empire has in one respect paid the British policy of Free Trade the compliment of imita- tion,which is proverbially the sincerest form of flattery. Germans have a healthy ambition to acquire a great merchant fleet. On general principle they are Pro- tectionists. They heavily protect their agriculture, at the cost of making the food of the masses of the people about one-fifth dearer than it is in this country. They protect their manufactures as heavily in proportion. But they make one notable exception. They admit free of Tariff duty all imported foreign materials, whether raw or manufactured, which are to be used in shipbuilding. Thereby they admit that, whether Free Trade be wise or unwise in regard to their inland industries, it is the only wise policy for the creation of a merchant shipping fleet which is intended te earn and pay its way in the face of the world's com- petition.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
AMERICAN EXPERIENCE.

-- A greater nation than even Germany—the United_ States, namely—has given similar testimony to us, which if unwilling is equally valuable. The States ought to have a merchant fleet as great as ours, con- sidering their material resources and the energies and abilities of their people. In the earlier part of last century the probabilities seemed to be that they would run us a neck-and-neck race towards the chief position in the ocean carrying trade. So lately as 1860 they owned 2,500,000 tons of ocean shipping to our 4,500,000 tons. Since then their tonnage has continu- ously diminished, whilst ours has grown. Now they have less than 1,000,000 tons, whilst we have 11,500,000 tons. Why is this American decrease, against so vast an increase on our side? Americans themselves admit that the reason why is their -system of Protect- tion. Steel plate and other shipbuilding essentials are so thoroughly protected, in the interests of the Steel Trust and other organisations of shortsighted selfishness, that a first-class merchant steamer costs them to build at least 40 per cent. more than it costs us in this country. Of course, they have to charge freightage rates proportionately higher. The result is that British ships carry, and earn freights upon, the. great bulk of American imports and exports, not only as between the States and this country, but as between the States and all the rest of the world. HALF THE WORLD'S SHIPPING BRITISH. According to the most recent statistics, the total steamship onnage owned by all nations is about 19,250,000 tons. Of this the -United Kingdom owned rather more t han 9,500,000 tons ; being nearly equal to that owned. by all other countrio: including thet British Colontea. we include sailing ships as well as steamers, their the total ownership in the United Kingdom is 11,250,000 tons, as compared with 14,500,000 tons for all other countries. Sailing hips, ai most people are aware, become fewer every year in proportion ta steamers. For carrying purposes, each steam ton is equal to three sail tnis—by reason, of course, of the greater speed and certainty of steam. Next to .the British ownership of 11,250,000 tons steam and sail, the largest figure for one country is the German ownership of 2,500,000 tons—less than one quarter of the British tonnage. On the other hand, the German tonnage is nearly three times as great as that of the United States. Seting that the population of the States is one third larger than that of Germany, and that the natural resources of the States exceed those of Germany in a far greater proportion, one would presume that the ocean preponderance as between the two ought to be the other way. The one probable explanation of the facts is that Germany pursues a Free Trade policy at least as regards ship- building, whilst the States are Protectionists; and also, that in other matters than shipbuilding, Germany though Protectionist, is less strenuously so than the United States. It must be noted that the actual British predomin- ance in ocean traffic is more decided than the fore- going figures indicate, because British shipping is, on the average, newer and more efficient than that owned by other countries. British ship-owners every Year sell second-band to foreign owners, numbers of vpssels which have seen a few years' service; and these second-hands' are replaced by the up-to-date ships, which, as every newspaper reader is aware, tend con- stantly to be bigger and faster than their predecessors. TWO-THIRDS OF THE WORLD'S SHIPBUILDING

BRITISH. Of course, this country also builds and sells to foreign owners new vessels as well as second-hand. As we build all the vessels we need for our own use, and sell to other countries besides, it follows that British predominance in shipbuilding is even more marked than in shipownmg. The most recent statistics shew the new ships built in all countries to .total about 3,250,000 tons per annum • of which the. British shipyards produce nearly 2,000,000 tons. That is, two-thirds of all the ships in the world are British-built. THE GAINS FROlf SHIPPING: A PIZOTEC-

TIOUIST PUZZLE EXPLAINED. how much per annum is earned for British capi- talists and workers by these 11,250.000 tons of shipping? Sir Robert Giffen estimates that British ships' earnings may fairly be reckoned at £l2 per ton per annum for steamships and .7/1 per ton for sailing ships. • Applying these figures to the tonnages already stated, and making allowances for severer competition, and lower freights since the official inquiries, it is clear that the total earnings of British shipping may be put roughly and roundly at £100,000,000 sterling per annum; being equal to £2 ss. per annum for each man, woman, and child in the United Kingdom. Now, this £100.000,000 earned by British shipping goes far to explain a puzzle which greatly troubles the minds of our Protectionists. They point to the fact that according to the Board of Trade returns year after year the value of all the goods imported into the United Kingdom (gold included) is at least - 1150,000,000 per annum more than the value of all the goods that are exported (gold included).' how is that? they ask. _

One iZrt of this apparent balance against us of -9,190,000,000 per annum is explained by the circum- stance that many hundred millions sterling of British capital are investeck in foreign countries and in British territories beyond seas ; and the interest thereupon comes to us in the shape of imported merchandise, which has not to be paid for by corresponding exports or merchandise. The other part of the supposed adverse balance is covered by our shipping earnings. _ •

Ir ft, the 1-100,000,000 per annum earned by our shipping amounts to the same thing, pecuniarily, as if we exported another £1,000,000 per annum worth of merchandise. The overwhelming bulk, both of our imports and exports, are carried in British ships. As regards the value of the merchandise imported, the figures given by the Board of Trade include not only the original cost price, but also the charges for ship freight. Since these charges are paid to British shipowners, it is obvious that the charges have not to be met by exports of other British. commodities. Again' as regards the value of the merchandise exported, the Board of Trade figures do not include the cost of the shipping freightage. Nevertheless, the freightage also has to be paid to British ship- owners. But ultimately it is charged to and paid by that foreign purchasers of our exports. They pay by sending us goods which, of course, are reckoned along with .our other imports. Thus, the whole .earnings of our shipping, about ;E.100,000,000 per annum as stated, come to us as part of the total imports of merchandise recorded in the Board of Trade returns. And thus the Protectionist vision of a huge ever-growing adverse balance of trade debt disappears like the vision it is.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
A WEIGHTY WINNER AT WINWIGK.

A Lady of 25 Stones Who Won a Race.

In the course of a report which a deputation of tho Salford Board of Guardians presented yesterday, on a visit to Winwick Asylum, it was mentioned incidentally that one of the Salford patients was a woman weighing 25 stones, and this woman was the winner of a race in the sports, which were in progress while the deputation were there. - - -

• Mrs. Cruickshank, who reported this interesting fact, moved the Board to laughter by adding in an appeal to, Arr. Bratherton, the chairman of the infirmary Com- mittee, "Why can't you do the same?' Mr. Byrne: If Mrs. Cruickshank means that the Guardians should have a race, I should be very pleased to act as judge. (Laughter.) Mrs. Cruickshank: I meant the inmates. It was reported that the total number of patients at Winwick Asylum was 2,323.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
KID EY k' BLADDER

Troubles

make uOil Weak, Hervous anti Impatient,

"Every Picture Tells a Story."

Many Men and Women suffer from Pains in the Back— - • Swollen Ankles—Puffy Eyes—Dizziness—Urinary Disorders— Gravel—Rheumatism—lrregular Heart—Headaches &c. , , Mrs. S. Howell, 13, Albert-street, Bea-Fey-road The woman with Kidney and Bladder Trouble Warrington, says :—" I've been wonderfully better in hardly knows what it is to be without a backache li,alth since I used Doan's pills for the kidneys which had teen causing me a great deal of misery for about or headache, or to enjoy a good night's sleep. six nottbs. The trouble started with lumbago. I She cannot stoop, she cannot walk 'far; the couldn't move, the pains in the I ack and kidneys were least exertion bring on a heavy, dragging pain in frightful; I had to keep to bed and was quite unable to turn over. the loins and sides. " The kidney secretions were highly coloured and Her appetite is poor ; her eyes are dull and very painful. There were bad headaches. I suffered puffy, the ankles and limbs swell. She has sharp terribly with this at times, and also much nervousness, attacks of neuralgia, and rheumatic pains in the itdddfinoers;o,uarndoraficyce,ns::enitistaireccil feeling. I teuettwatsostniilvl muscles and joints. How she drags through the bad. Then two months' n afterwardsteti g day she never knpws. Uttle wonder she finds for three weeks, the symptoms were just the same as got was laid laid up again herself growing depressed, nervous and impatient. before. "The doctor said my heart was very weak, it felt very Kidney and bladder troubles are indeed hard to bad, fluttering a good deal and then almost standing bear. They make life a misery, and endanger the still. health of the whole system for when the kidneys "When first using Doan's backache kidney pills 1 are ill they cannot filter the kidney poisons out of noticed ease came after the first four or five doses, and the blood, after that I steadily improved until quite well—really wonderful. I would strongly advise the use of these Doan's Backache Kidney ' Pills are a special pills to all kidney sufferers • they are excellent. You kidney , and bladder medicine for men as well can tell how well lam b'y my being able to do my as women, They heal the kidneys and gently washing again, which I was compelled to give up.— help them to take diit the urinary -poisons which (Signed) SELINA HOWELL." make so many men and women weak, ill and Of all chemists and stores, 2s. 9d. per box. 6 boxes 13s ' m 9d. • or post free direct fro Foster-McClellan mi,erable. Co., 8, Wells-street, Oxford-street, London, W. Be sur 3 you get the same kind of pills as Mrs. Howell had.

- •.,,, , • . : t„,,, c 7 ..--.. ,_ ~,,,,,,y„,,,,•, , i, '..fgri! i ori fiiiii 7 z , itt n - .. , " ~...„4 pr --,..-,-,., _•-.. ,-. /c/12,,, ....._, •„•-_-•.;,. t --, ~ 0;1 4 ~. _,- .., -4.1. ,/, • ' 1 lir ~ • kl/4.- / /.v. ,r,/,7-.,—.....,, - l'N4/../10.."t-4,,i • •• 'I" r ' / ,L, ”r • \ i( ,•/r i- . ~, ;•• . • i :-.,,-1 • . . •••••• i • •/•1 ....,, _ , : .:: • tb.....74, 4..‘ el, li, /. /i)i ~A, ‹„ ;• . (/: .. 1,4). ii / i ------// • ,•/ .'1 I , 7,/,f , --4,, Ay 1... r, 1-.-- iok ~.1 ,/'i/ /• li . ' / i , d ~. .. ...„.„?..--. ~---......- : • . , ./-- N / --4, ' '....-4 • `IV 447,7aW ' it--., •, , - cs. - - +,•!„*-1.4 , ..... -•-- - - '.- .-.....44,e,''; . -.. '- ..

===== 0002601_19090724_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
• 9 ~44-.. -*. r ..... ..,?„ :,..• * '4, 4. B a cka che[ 11 / .4 ..: 4, iri a - 4:;5i,.,, ::•.:.,.. 4,4,--if ei 4...4. -N _I n ey

Constable state! that the prisoner was locked up for begging, and on being charged admitted that he was a deserter since 1903. Continuing, he said the prisoner told him he was an old boxer and had held the Championship of India. He bad been gising hint (the Chief Constable) some lessons that morning.—Prisoner was handed over to an escort.

MONDAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair) Alderman James Evans, Councillor Wilkinson, and Messrs. S. Wright, H. Thornton and W. Furness. ASSAULT ON A BARMAN.—John Harlow of no settled abode was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Bridge-street on Saturday night and also with assault- ing Samuel Stott by kicking him.--Sergeant Stuart stated that about 10.15 he wis in company with Dete3- tive Holland in Bridge-street when they saw a dis- turbance outside the Lion Hotel. On approaching they SJAV prisoner who was very drunk in the centre of a crowd. Before witness could get hold of him, prisoner made a dash at the barman (Samuel Stott) and kicked him in the stomach. The man dropped like a log on the floor. Witness took prisoner into custody and on the way to the Police Station he attempted to trip witness two or three times and made use of most filthy language.—Samuel Stott the barman gave corroborative evidence and said prisoner kicked him in the loft groin and he fell to the ground. Prisaner was fined 10s. and costs or 14 days.

A ROVING -HUSBAND.—John Hoban, 36, Priestley- street, was charged with being drunk and disorderly and also with running away from the Borough on October, 1906, leaving his wife and six children chargeable t.) the Warrington Union. P.C. Faulkner proved the charge of being drunk and disorderly.—Mr. Shearer, on behalf of the Guardians, prosecuted in the second charge and said prisoner's wife and six children were admitted to the workhouse on October 11th, 1906, and remained until November 7th. The man then took them to Newcastle and there they remained with the man's brother. Prisoner afterwards ret.irned and took them to Ireland. The wife and children, however, returned to Warrington and were _adinitted into the workhouse. They had cost the Guardians about Continuing Mr. Shearer said that the wife had pleaded very hird for her husband and had .promised to pay the money. Prisoner was ordered to pay, ss. for being drunk and disorderly. and the case of maintenance was ad4ourned for six weeks to see if the money will be paid.

- BEGGING FOR A PlNT.—Alfonso Scullen, of no settled abode, was charged with begging in Market-street, on Saturday night. He pleaded " not guilty." Detective Holland stated that he as on duty on Saturday night in Market-place near the Cattle Market when he saw the prisoner stop several men salute them,end ask them for the price of a drink. On receiving it prisoner ran away up Market-street and witness missed him in Lyme street. He, however found him In the Golden Grove drinking a pint and took him into custody.—Prisoner said it was an acquaintance whom he stopped talking. ith. He u as making his vvay to the Golden Grove and he was in there fully ten minutes before Holland appre- hended him. It was only spite and animosity that Holland bad against him.—The Chief Constable stated that prisoner had been 43 times previously before the court for drunkenness and sleeping out. Prisoner was sent to gaol for one month with hard labour. His 65TH APPEARANCE.—John Heaton, of no settled abode made his 65th appearance before the magistrates for sleeping out and having no visible means of sub- sistence. He was sentenced to one month's hard labour. THURSDAY.—Before Messrs. .1. Rymer Young (chair- man), W. Roberts, W. T. Williams and Dr. Naden. THEFT FROM A MARKET STALL—Elizabeth Hadland (16), of CI ossley-street, and Eliza Ryder (17), of Royden street, were charged with stealing on the previous day from a stall in the Market-place one fountain pen, one locket, three ladies collars, pins and quo • photograph pendant all valued at 4d.' the property of the Peacock Bazaar Company.—The Chief Constable stated that abeut 10 minutes past 7 the previous evening P.C. Millington was on duty in the 'Market-place when he saw the two girls near Peacock's Bazaar. They were behaving in a very suspicious manner, and Millington observed them snatch the goods from the stall. The eft-leer walked up to them and found the articles secreted under the girls' shawls. They then admitted having stolen them and were locked up but subsequently they were bailed out.— Continuing he stated that only last week a little boy was charged with a similar offence 11 from the same stall. Ile thought it was a case where the girls should be cautioned and made to promise that nothing of the kind would occur again.—The girls were cautioned and the case dismissed. Two MONTHS FOR BEGGING.—Charles Fay, of DO settled abode, was charged with begging in,Bold-street the previous day.—Detective Metcalfe stated that he was on duty in 80ld-street and saw prisoner stop three different men in the course of live minutes, he seized them by the coat and asked thorn for maney. Witness went out of his place of concealment to arrest prisoner who ran along Itylanda'-street into Bridge-street .and through Friar's-green, where witness lost sight of him. While be was standing against the Museum he saw prisoner coming along St. Austin's-lane towards him. On seeing witness, prisoner stopped and was about to run away when witness took him into custody.—The Chief Constable stated': that prisener had actually begged from the assistant magistrates clerk.—Prisoner was sent to gaol for two months with hard labour.

FRlDAY.—Before Mr. H. Thornton (chairman) and other magistrates. ASSAULT ON AN ESTATE AGENT.—Joseph Taylor, of Fountain-street was summoned for assaulting Thomas Cowdell,estate agent,Legh-street. Mr.Longton,solicitor, prosecuted and said that on Saturday afternoon last the complainant went to collect the defendant's rent: which was owing. In consequence of the complaintant's refusal to execute some repairs unles,s the rent was

paid the defendant lost his temper and struck Mr Cowdell two violent blows in the face. ,The magistrates imposed a fine of Ns. and costs. THEFT OF A 110116 E RUG.—Jobn Pownall, of Lord Nelson-street, was charged with stealing a horse rug value 25., from the stables at the Central Hotel, the property ot James Lester. Prisoner was teen by a charwoman to be loitering about the place and later the rug was missed. Prisoner afterwards took it baricto the stables where he was arrested. He was fined ss. '

SEPARATION VARIATION.— John Longshaw Whittaker, of Sharp-street, was summoned to show cause Why a separation order should not be varied on the ground that he was an habitual drunkard. Mr. A. Brown appeared on behalf of the complainant (defendant's wife) and stated that the separation order was giarited in that court on June 18th, with alimony as his wife had charge of a green grocery business. Since then, however, the circumstances had altered owing to the defendant tak- ing some of complainant's customers. The children could not possib'y be kept on the present takings of the shop. The magistrates ordered defendant to attribute ss. weekly.

DRUNK IN CHARGE.—James Bleese, Greenall's-avenue was fined Es. for being drunk le in charge of a horse and cart in Bridge-street.

/N.v \ ~..e%.,%.,/\,..

c_,..::', -.- . - " --,.",5' ; -70,, -___ .. • , ll c -I _,:_._ . E tile .r..., , L _ . U _ ?..:_,. .. ...., , tliSif- ..4," ..,.. ''...". .... . 'ININsO

===== 0002601_19090724_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
.2t CUP Tiq.FINAL SEQUEL,

At the Warrington Police Court, on Tuesday, Patrick Gill, Hoyle-street, was charged with stealing sums of money amounting to £1 Ss. 9d., the property of Thomas Warburton, Pierpoint-street.—The Chef Constable 'sta.ted that in 00tob3r' 1908, prisoner stlrted a trip club, which he styled Crystal Palace Club, with the object of visiting London in April to witness the final tieifor the English Cup. A number of workmates, including Warburton, paid to him various sums of money weekly. On the day the club was supposed to go to London the prisoner,absconded with the money, and had not ken seen until he was arrested in Bishop Auckland the previous night. A remand was necessary for a week.—Mr. C. H. Unsworth, who appeared for prisoner, applied for bail, but tho applica- tion was refused.—Prisoner was accordingly reunnied for a week. AN EARLY SEPARATION—SEQUEL TO " PLATONIC " FRIENDSEIIP.

Charles Henry Fairclough. of Liverpool, was sum- moned by his wife Annie Alice to show cause why a s.?paration should not be granted on the ground of desertion.—Mr. J. W. Knowles, of Widnes, represented the complainant and Mr. Unswortb, of Warrington, appeared for the defendant.—Mr. Knowles stated that the couple were married at St. Ann's Church,Warrington on the 13th April of this year. They went to Llan- dudno for a short honeymoon, while there they <ravelled the defendant explaining that he was "going to be boss." Complainant's father bought a shop in Hood-lane, Sankey, at a cost of £3OO and gave it to the girl so that she would have a good start.—The defendant had told the complainant's parents that he was a pawnbroker's assistant and he could earn £2 per week at the business. The first Sunday after coming back from their hog ej moon, defendant received a letter from a widow acquaintance and his wife managed too get hold of it. The letter contained an invitation for defendant to go and see her, commencing with "Dear Charlie "and saying that Dolly, a grown-up daughter would be out at three o'clock. This woman although a widow was an active woman and the letter getting into the hands of complainant put the fat into the fire, Discussion arose between the defendant and the girl's father in the course of which defendant said that his mother came first in his esteem, the widow second, and his wife third. It was rather an unpleasant beginning. However the party went to the premises in flood-lane and things went on from bad to worst. Defendant said that he was going to have the shop. He further stated that nobody in his family had ever been imprisoned but he would be, as be was going to have her life. On the 27th of April defendant left her end went to the house of the widow. He, however, came back but on Whit Monday he went away to Liverpool and saw his mother and there received another letter from hisl widow friend. His wife knew that because defendant had admitted it to her, because semetimes his tongue ' went faster than his mind. He returned home late that night and began to abuse his wife and a Mrs. Tonge who weut to the shop at the time for some ham heard this man shouting at his wife, but being rather deaf she was unable to catch what he said to her. The defendant opened the door to Mrs. rouge and she saw the complainant in a state of distress. Defendant left his wife on the 31st of Ma) and had done nothing to support her. The ingenious defence would be that the defendant was out of work. The man wanted to live a life of laziness and live on the proceeds of the little shop. In conclusion Mr. Knowles asked that a separa- tion order he granted and a substantial sum allowed to the wife per week.—Evidence was given in support of his statement.—Mr. Unswortb, in his defence, endeavoured to point out that the defendant did not intentionally desert his wife, as be had gone to look for work. Defendant said he was wilting to take his wife back if her parents would let them alone and keep ste.-ay from them.—Mr. Knowles called defendant's attention to the phrase "Platonic friend," this being the way be had referred to the widow. Mr, Knowles asked what "platonic friend" meant.—. Defendant: A friend in -every sense of the word and nothing further.—The Bench granted a separation order, defendant to pay his wife 15s. per week.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Borough Court. SATURDAY.—Before Mr. 11. Thornton (chairman). Alderman Tinnion, Messra. A. J. Jolley, R. T. Fairclough and I'. Pemberton. _

No RAILWkY TICKET.—Daniel Griffin was charged with travelling by the London and North-Western Railway from Euston (London) to Warrington without paying his fare and with intent to avoid payment. Prisoner pleaded guilty.—Detective Clark, of the Companies police, said that the prisoner was handed to him that morning from the 11.30 o'clock train from Euston. On teing asked for his ticket he replied that be had none and had no money. Prisoner told witness that he came from London. Witness took him into custody.—Prisoner said be was an artist by trade and he had four pictures to sell. He made it out that it was an accident that he came without a ticket.—The case was dismissed.

ARMY DESERTER.—WiIIiam Leigh was charged on remand with being a deserter from the Ist Battalion of the Royal Highlanders stationed in Ireland.—The Chief

===== 0002601_19090724_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, July 24, 1909.

CRICKET, BOWLING, AND ATHLETICS.

WEST LANCASHIRE LEAGUE. FIRST DIVISION.

WARRINGTON v. ST. HELENS RECS.—There was a large attendance at Arpley for this match, which was set apart for the benefit of Cresswell, the home pro- fessional. St, Helens Kees, lust year's champions, collapsed in sensational fashion and the Warringtonians secured an Easy victory. Scores :

ST. HELENS RECS. WARRINGTON. G. Gray lbw b Creswell 3 B. Silcock b Gregory 0 G. Parry run out W. Southwark b Gray W. Slocombe c Partridge V'. Richardson lbw b b Cresswell Gregory b Gray 2 J.Callon c& b Gregory 5 R. Harper b Gray . W. Shaw b Gray 0 b Gregory 0 H. Kerr 1) Gray 0 J.W. Pearson b Gregory 26 P. Norbury not out 0 S. Partridge b Shaw ... 31 E. Walker b Gray 2 Rev.H.Gray b Gregory 34 W. Gray b Gray 0 11. Callon c Harper b Gregory 3 A. Duckworth not out 2 Extras

Extras

Total I2L

Total l4 !BOWLING ANALYSIS. ST. HELENS RECREATION. WARRINGTON. 0. M. R. :W. 0. M. R. W. Rev. H. Gray... 7 3 9 7 Gregory IS 54 34 7 Cresswell ... 6 2 5 2 G. Gray - 627 1 P. Norbury 0 10 0 c,R. Hamer 3 0 11 0 W. Shaw G. Parry H. Kerr EARLESTOWN V. NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS —Pfayed at Earlestown on Ssturday. Benefit match for the wife and family of the late "Dicky" Bates. Scores : Earlestown, 171 ; Newton, 73, SECOND DIVISIO.7. WARRINGTON 2ND V. Sr. HELENS RECREATION 2ND.— Ellis match was played at St. Helens on Saturday, and by virtue of this victory the winners Are practically assured of championship honours. Scores : ST. HELENS RECREATION. WA RRINGTON. H. J. Burrell c Watkins b T. Houghton b Starkey 12 Bennett lB H. Speakman b Sta rkey 11 J. Addiron b Richmond 49 J. V. Bainbridge b J. Williams b Bennett T. A;nge b Plinston " 3 S. Baxter lbw b Tabern 9 H. Addison c Turton b W. V. Turton Plinston F. Eaves b Bennett W. Starkey c Bainbridge b Tabern b Plinston l7 H. Dolan b Addison... 9 .T. Tabern b Plinston H. West c Bennett b Addison 0 Plinston 7 D. Plinston Downes W. E. Taylor not out .1. Downes b Bennett 2 W. Bennett not out ... 5 11. Watkins b Starkey 0

Extras Total 157 Total 103 WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. RESULTS UP TO DATE. - - -

P. W. L. D. Pts. St. James' lO 9 ... 0 ... 1 ... 19 Cheshire Lines Engineers ll 8 ... 3 ... 0 ... 16 Sankey Wire Mills ll ... 5 ... 4 ... 2 ... 12 Latchford Baptists ll 6 ... 5 ... 0 ... 12 R,ylands' Bros lO ... 3 ... 4 ... 3 ... 9 \\Talker's Brewery ll ... 4 ... 6 ... 1 ... 9 Wilderspool Brewery ll ... 4 ... 7 ... 0 ... 8 Whitecross Recreation lO ... 2 ... 7 ... 1 ... 5 "Guardian" Office 9 ... 2 ... 7 ... U ... 4

CHESHIRE LINES V. "GUARDIAN" OFFICE.—Played at Battersby-lana and resulted in a win for the home team by 13 runs. Scores : CRESHIRK LINES. "GUARDIAN" OFFICE. .1. Duckworth c Bloor b H. Bloor rs Chamberlain Ditchfie'd l5 b Monks W.Hill c Clarke b Burrell 2 W. Hough b Deeley W. M illwood b Ditchfield 10 C. Burrell b Deeley S. Woods b Burrell G. Chamberlain lbw b H. Sankey c Woods b Ditchfield 3 Monks E. Deeley h Burrell J. Monks b Ditchfield W. Wright c Griffiths b D. Clarke b Deeley Burrell S. Howard c and b Burrell 10 Deeley 6 H. Povey not out J. McKay c Brown b Monks Burrell H. Griffiths b Deeley... 0 Extras 3

Extras 1

Total 56 Total 43 LATCHFORD BAPTISTS V. WILDERSPOOL BREWERY. Played at Latchford on Saturday. Scores : < WILDERSPOOL BREWERY. LATCHFORD BAPTISTS. J. Wray b Bennett 3 W. Bennett b Lloyd ... 0 J. Webster b Bennett T. Thompson b BeunAt 6 Lloyd l9 G. Clarke b Gifford R. Hallows c Llewellyn H. Parker b Hallows 2 b Gifford W. Lloyd b Bennett c Wright b W. Grounds, E. Harris J. Wilkinson b Gifford... 0 L. Walker not out l2 1 / NI. Llewellyn and IL J.Ble,nanngetlety J. Johnson not crit ...... J. Thompson b Bennett 0 T. Chorley run out 0 Extras

Extras

Total 29 Total (for 5 wkis)..:,l-0

WHITEC ROSS SOCIAL v. LATCHFORD Sr. JAM ES. This match took place on the ground of the former on Saturday and resulted in an easy win for St. James's by nine wickets. Scores:— WHITEC ROSS. ' IST. a AMES.S. C Maybirt y st. Cartwright J. H. Constable not out 32 b Holt C. Lavill c Tole b Hallam 11 3. Hallam not out ...... 4 J. Lester c Wright b E. Wright,W. C. Brooks Hallam Waywell c Brooks b A. Green, E. Mee, Holt F Davies c Knight b Holt 0 Grounds did not bat. A. Parr b Holt G. Jones run out 1 H. Wright b Holt J. Hutchinson c Mee b Holt 2 W. Barrow b Holt 7 F. Dean not out 3 Extras

Extras

Total WARRINGTON AY!) DISTRICT JUNIOR LEAGUE. ORFORD V. RYLANDS' 2ND.-At Orford on Saturday. Jolley took eight wickets for three runs. Scores :- ORFORD. RYLANDS'. $. Parsonage b Williams 2 Tilley b Jolley A. II: Clare b Williams... 4 S. Carter b Jolley J. A. Grounds c Willett S. Garnett 13 Jolley b Williams J. Dewar b Williams 0 J. Kay b Jolley ...... ... 0 NV. Jolley hit wkt b W. Brown c Bennett b Carter T. Allen c Carr b Carter 4 Williams b Jolley ...... 0 E.R. Hodgson Williams 1 Garratty b Jolley ...... 0 P. Ashcroft b Williams 0 Willett not out ......... 1 S. Leigh h Carter 3 ,Skelland b Jolley J. Bennett not out W. Beaman c Williams b Carter Extras .........

Total FRIENDLY MATCHES.

SALE 2ND V. LYAIIII.—At Lymm on Saturday.— Scores :

SALE 2ND. L'iltlif. W. Lomas bA. Saville 6 T. Marsh not out ...... 35 A. G. Batty not out l3 G. Marsh b Lomas 8 J. Dixon b Parker 3 H. S. Saville c Burgess H. E. Ellis bA. Saville 23 b Crawsbaw 24 A. Coat c Wilson bT. W. Harrison lbw b Marsh W. B. Burgess lbw b T. E. Rouse b Lomas Marsh W. W. Holmes b T b Crawshaw Marsh H. Eaves bT. Marsh 0 LOMRI 3 H. Burgess bG. Marsh... 4 J. W. Gibbon not out., 9 H. W. Burgess b G. n. E. Mks and C Marsh Extms

Total B7 Total ((or 7 wkts) _205

HIGHFIELD TANNERY v. LATCHFORD BAPTISTS.— Played at Highfield on Saturday. Scores :

HIGHFIELD TANNERY.

L ATCIIFORD BAPTISTS.

T. Williamson c A. James Cox lbw b • Albinson b Conway ... 0 Watton 5 C. Smith b Cox 0 T. Dixon b Watton 0 T. Coiling° b Cox lO Joseph Cox b Watten 0 W. Carter b Conway S. Watton lbw b Conway 4 A. Albinson c William- W. Harrison b Conway 6 s:,n b Watton H. Miliward, b Conway 3 H. Downes b Watton 2 'l'. Looker b Conway. ....1 G. Heald h Carter • 0 T. Iloughton c Stowell J. Conuay c Houghton b Conway. . 4 b Watton J. Leathwood not out... 0 J. Stowell b Carter L. Johnson b Conway... 0 F.Alumby not out W. .G. Hayes c and b Watton Extras • 2 Extras

Total 35 Total l2 STOCKTON HEATH WESLEYANS V. BEWSEY-ROAD WESLEYANS.—PIayed on Saturday. Scores :

STOCKTON HESTH BE WSEY-ROA D WES', E YANS. W ESLE VANS. J.. Marshall c Upson b J. Upson c Hughes b Tanner A. T. Hughes b Drury ... 1 R. Corbett b Miller W. R._Miller c Norman W. Drury b Miller 0

b Winstanley . L. Bell b Sinclair H. Silvester b Winstanley 2 S. Leigh c Silvester ' 11. Earl c] and b _ _ b Bell 6

- Winstanley A. Mansseur b Sinclair 4 0. Sinclair b Miller G. Owen o Norman b F. E. Norman b Bell 3 __ _

Sinclair 3 J. Sutton b Miller 0 c Norman b A Sinclair not out 3

Sinclair 4 P. Hudson not out 4

U. Peuketh b Tanner ... 1

Extras

Total 45

Total

Wif.DERSPOOL JUNIORS V. LEGH VILLAS.—Played at Wilderspool on Saturday. F. Stringer (Wilderspool) and 11. Shakesbaft (Legh Villas) hatted well for 22 and 26 respectively. Scores :—Wildelspool, 88; Leigh Villas, bO. MooRE JIINION3 v. SANKEY BRIDGES.—PIayed at Moore on Saturday. Score :

MOORS JUNIORS. SANKEY BRIDGES. S. dePrez b J. Woodard 16 G. Walker bR. Forster 12 E. Cartwright c & b G. H. Gregory bJ. Dutton 8 Walker l5 J. Bellfield run out 46 M.Cartwright b C.Foster 18 J.Woodard b R.Forster 3 R. Forster cC. Foster b J. Yates b R. Forster 11 H. Gregory F. Forster run out. J. Dutton c J. Yates b J.TillingbE.Cartvrright 1 J. Woodard l7 J. Jackson c & b E. T. Dobson bC. Forster 5 Cartwright ' 0 H. Forster bH. Gregory 0 B. Forster not out 0 0. Thomas c J. Yates b ll. Jones c E.Cartwright C. Forster W. Forster b G. Walker , 1 J. Dean not out 1

Extras

Total 97

Tot a 1 93

WARRINOTCOI THURSDAY C.C. V. WARRINGTON CYCLING CLUB C.C.--.Played on the Warrington Cricket Ground. Scores :

THURSDAY TEAM. CYCLING CLUB. W. H. Podinore b Cook 5 Lo tve bW. H. Podmore 0 J. W. Wells b Cook 3 Cook bW. H. Podmore 5 F. Longdin retired hurt 4 Pearson b W. H.

H. BanWer bB. White ... 43 Podmore H. G. Bate rmvont

J -Simpson bE. White 1 Podmore --- - -- 8 Bunnell run out • 5 White b H,Bapner 3 NV. H. Owen I. Pearson... 6 Jolley c Ealtwood b A. Few b White ll W. H. Podmore lB G. Eastwood b Mottram 1 Whitehouse c& bW. H Greg on not out Turner at Wells b NV H • Podmore Crampton b E.Longdin 0 Ashton St Wells VW. 11. _ Podmore Buxton not out Byes Leg Byes 3

Total

_ Total 64

===== 0002601_19090724_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT ASSOCEATION.

INDIVIDUAL MERIT COMPETITION.

This competition, which has been a grelt success, was brought to a close on Saturday when betwe.n 400 and 500 spectators witnessed some excellent games. One of the features of the main was the fine bowling of a young player named W. H. Langley, who, in succession, defeated three tried b 'Mars in George Bill, jun., R. Bothwell and T. Davies, and was ultimately defeated, after a great struggle, by J. W. Jolley in the serni•final. The final provided a splendid straggle, the con- testants baing J. W. Jolley, of the Bull's Head Club, aad H. Clare, of the Fearnhead Jolley won the block and the card reads as follows :-1-0, 3-0.3-1, 4-1, 5-1, 5-2, 6-2, 8-2, 9-2, 9-3, 9-5, 10-5, 11-5, 13-5,14-5, 15-5, 15-6, 16-0, 16-7, 16-8, 16-10, 16-11, 17-11, 17-13,18-13 18—..14, 18-15, 18-17, 19-17, 19-18, 19-19 and 21-19.

Mr. 'George Ball, the chairrimn of the association, in present:ng the cup to the winner,heartily congratulated Air. Jolley on his fine performance, and said he fully deserved the title of champion for the season 1909. (Applause). Mr. Jolley ale.) hai the honour of being the first winner of this event in Warrington. He (Mr. Ball) also congratulated the loser on his grand effort, and hoped he would be successful on a future occasion. (Applause). Mr. Jolley briefly replied and hoped that Mr. Clare w ,uld win next year. The following are the scores in the concluding rounds :

A. Howarth, Rivensthorpe, v. A. Scott, Warrington, Cemetery. _ _

H. Wo-mersley. Brighouse C. and B C. v. John Brooks, Cadishead Railway. W. Gott, Gipton Wood, v. NV. Smith, Pcndleton Belmont.

B. H. Eastwood, Paddock, v. J. Gleave, Warrington, Bull's Head.

W. Lodge, Waterloo, v. C. W. Smith, Roebuck. • W. Oldham, Taylor Hill, v. J. Toothill, Rersal. F. Savory, Craddock and. Co., v. J. Fairhurst, Chorlion B.G.

A. Cropper, Dodworth, v. H. Arnold, km., Didsbury. A. Jagger, Punch Bowl, v.. 1. Bedworth, Warrington Bull's Head. Lancashire and Cheshire Reserves.-11. Thomason, Knutsford ' • J. E. Codling, George; J. H. Hulbert, Albion; J.Antwiss, Albion; W. Gresty. Angel. Referee, Mr. H. Royle (Lancashire and Cheshire) ; measurers, Messrs. A. Goodwin (Lancashire and Cheshire) and A. Foster (Yorkshire). FRIENDLY MATCHES.

WARRINGTON JUNIOR CONSERVATIVE CLUB V. RUNCORN BOWLING CLUB.—Played on the green at the club, Orfora-lane, on Saturday last. 'Scores :

_ J UNIOR CONSERVATIVE CLUB. . RUNCORN. J. Dagnall H. Taylor 9 H. Tredwell J. Atkinson l5 H. Farmer R. Tilling l3 W. Stringer l5 W. Warburton l5 W. Lee R. Whitley .J. Bate .J. Monks lO John Probert T. Taylor l5 D. Coventry 9 C. Bowers 3 W H. Johnson H. Hayes P. Berry

KING & QUEEN V. ORFORD TANNERY.—A friendly game of bowls took place on the King and Queen green on Wednesday. Scores :

KING AND QUEEN. ORFORD TANNERY. T. N. Fielding l4 ' W. Povey, Jun. W. Newton J. T. Wilson l5 S Dutton J. Ash4ll G. Lowe A. Jolley F. Starkey F. Clare W. Middleton 3 M. Cunningham J. Boardman J. Convery P. Appleton J. Daintith J. Corless l2 J. Howarth H. Clare S. Riley J. Antrobus l5 E. Brachhaw J. Swindles is J. Littler . 11 T. Ford

===== 0002601_19090724_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
FIFTH ROUND.

H. Langley H.Clare 2l J Llugley A. Ford 2l J. Hardman . l3 A. Sbaw 2l Joe Glearo J. Swanton J. W. Jolley 2l J. Bedworth l9 A. Gleave 2l J. Bouldsworth

SIXTH ROUND. H. Clare 2l A. Ford... l5 H. Lingley A. Gleave 2l A. Shaw J. W. Jolley 2l %V. Swanton l5

===== 0002601_19090724_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
S 1-I'INAL,

H. Clare 4 9l A Gleave 9

J. W. JoHay FINAL.

J. W. Jolley 2l 11.. Clare WARRINGTON WORKS COMPETITION. FOURTH ROUND. RICHMOND'S. MONKS HALL NO. 1. . Handicap, 21. Handicap, 5. T. Hughes R. Bennett (capt.) l5 A.W)rrall l2 J. Smith T. Cooper l5 J. Deakin ll M. Kenwright l5 R. Jefferson T. Johnson M. Rigby l3 It. Duttoa 7 P. Antrobus l5 S. Deakin P. Hankinson l5 T. Thomason N. Fielding 9 W. Tneranson T. Jones R. Dagnall

168 152 Majority for Richmond's 16 points. WRITECROSS. CHESII IRE LINES. Handicap, scr. Handicap, 6. T. Ellison (capt.) ~ b. Bromley 9 J. Appleton l5 B. Tomlinson J. Gleave . 15 J. Monks ' l2 J. Horton l5 W. Ashbrook G. Warburton 6 W. Barton l5 A. Warburton l5 T. Timperley J. Slavin l5 F. Dale l2 Ted Gleave l5 M. Gibson (cipt.) E. Gleave A. Shelmerdine l5 C. Jordan W. Gleave A. Gleave... l5 T. Garner 4

166 109 Majority for Whitecross, 57 points. MATCHES FOR TO-DAY. SEMI-FINAI.

Corporation 5, v. R 5 land No. 1, scratch ; Whitecross scratch, v. v. Richmond's 20. Referee, G. Ball ; assist- ant referee, 1, Makin. YORKSHIRE v. LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE. The draw was made on Wednesday and officials appointed as follows for the second half of theonatch Yorkshire v. Lancashire and Cheshire in the British Crown Green Association's Crosfield Challenge Cup Competition, which takes place at Flixton to-day. Yorkshire. Lancashire and Cheshire. J. Hirt, Span Victoria v. H. Connolly. Roebuck. E. Dyson' Deighton and Sheepridge, v. J. Westhead, Uarpurhey Cemetery. H. Heaton, Lockwood v. G. Drinkwater, Didsbury. F. Eastwood, Brighouse C.B.C. v. J. Grundy, Leigh Railway. W. Walker, Holbeck v. T. Dutton. Bowden. L. Brown, Ossett v. R. Williamson, Didsbury. T. Stubbs, Halifax v. H. llarrisln, Leigh Railway. G. P. Thew' is, Taylor, Hill (capt), V. T. B. Burgess Winnington Park. J. Wood, Waterloo, v. J. W. G.Coombs, Roebuck (capt). W. Radcliffe, Halifix, V. T. Glover, Leigh Railway. J. West, Taylor Hill, V. T. Ellison, Warrington Cemetery. G. F. Dickinson, Halifax v.ll. Robinson, Withins. F. Heston, Lockwood, v. G. Burnell, Unsworth. _ _ _ _

Sykes, Batley C. and B.C. v. P.. Talbot, Newton- le-Willows.

--Kilner, Taylor Hill v. A. Gleave, Warrington Bull's Head.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

Cricket.

Rarely his such a sensational collapse been witnessed on the Arpley enclosure as that which marked Satur- day's League match, St. Helens Rees, last ' year's champions, being dismissed in forty minutes for the insignificant total of 14 runs. The debacle was due to the brilliant bowling of the Rev. H. Gray whose keen judgment, combined with the treacherous nature of the pitch, made his deliveries practically unplay- able; the visitors hopelessly failinc, to time him. His analysis worked out at 7 wickets for nine runs, and the performance is the more remarkable when it.is stated that at the outset he had six runs hit off him without securing a wicket.

Warrington responded with 121 and Mr. Gray also had the satisfaction of heading the score list with a splendidly compiled 34. S. Partridge played with great freedom and dash for his 31 and J. W. Pearson's innings of 26 was characterised by sound judgment.

There was a good attendance, which was gratifying in view of the fact that the match was set apart for the benefit of Cresswell, the home professional. ---'

Warrington 2nd went down at St. Helens, and by virtue of their victory the home eleven are practically assured of the championship of the second division. Plinston and Bennett bowled well for Warrington and J. W. Bainbridge gave a dashing display with the bat for 47.

Other matches in the West Lancashire League resulted in victories for Earlestown and Prescot at the expense of Newton and St. Helens respectively in both the first and second divisions.

The following are the League tables up-to-date FIRST DIVISION.

Club. P. W. L. D. Pls. Prescot Warrington St. Helens Recs. St. Helens 7 ... 2 ... 3 ... 2 ... 6 Egrlestown *Newton *Two points deducted for playing ineligible player. SECOND DIVISION. _

Prescot St. Helens Rees ... 5 ... 2 ... 0 ... 10 Earlestown -, 4 ... 4 ... 0 ... 8 Warrington Newton SL Helens

St. James's look like retaining the championship of the Warrington and District League, for they have yet to see their first defeat of, the season. On Saturday, they placed an easy victory to their credit at the expense of Whitecros:s, for they passed the wiremen's total with nine wickets in hand. C. Holt took seven wickets for 17 rims, while J. H Constable batted in his usual fine style for 32. C. Lavell was top scorer for Whitecross with eleven.

Cheshire Lines Engineers, who also have a very creditable record, were victorious over the " Guardian " eleven by 13 runs. Deeley took six wickets for eleven runs and J. Duckworth knocked up 15.

Wilderspool Brewery weievell beaten by Latchford Baptists who got them all out for 29 and then com- piled 40 for five wickets. - C. Wood was the most successful batsman with 19 and W. Bennett captured six wickets for twelve runs.

In the Warrington Junior LeagUe a low-scoring match between Orford and Rylands' 2nd resulted in a victory for the villagers. Jolley took eight wickets for three runs.

There were not as many friendly matches as usual. Highfield Tannery entertained Latchford Baptists and defeated them by 23 runs. Stockton Heath Wesleyans triumphed over Bewfley-road Wesleyans, F. Bell (15) being the top scorer. Wilderspool Juniors accounted for Leigh Villas, F. Stringer (Wilderspool) and R. Shakeshaft (Leigh Villas) batting well for 22 and 26 respectively.

Lymin inflicted a severe trouncing on Sale 2nd, T. Marsh carrying out his bat with the brilliant total of 85.

There was an exciting struggle between Moore Juniors and Sankey Bridges, Moore winning by a single run. The moAt notable feature of the match was J. Bellfield's fine innings for 46.

Bowling. The remarkable popularity of this healthful spot has been More than maintained during the present season and Warrington bowlers have been kept busy both in local and county competitions. The Works Competion, which is nearing its closing stages, has been attended with complete success, and the officials and committee are to be congratulated upon the excel- lence of their arrangements.

The fourth round was brought to a closeon Saturday when Richmond's and WhitecrosS triumphed over Monks Hall No. 1 and Cheshire Lines respectively.

•Richmond's began with a 15 points advantage over the forge team and succeeded hi winning by .16 points. There was a capital game between W. Kenwright (Richmond's) and R. Jefferson (Monks, Hall). The latter started well and had the fine lead of 11-3. Then Kenwright climbed to 6 and his opponent got 2 more. From this stage Kenwright had the game to himself and is to be congratulated on winning by 15-13.

P. Antrobus (Richmond's) and S. Deakin (Monks, Hall) were also closely watched. They peeled at 6, 7,9 and 12, and then Deakin got one ahead. Antrobus, however, was on the elect and obtaining a double and a single ran out victor by 15-13.

Whitecross, last year's champions, are going strong. On Saturday they conceded Cheshire Lines 5 points and placed a handsome victory to their credit, the majority being 57. As the score indicates, the match was one-sided, Whitecross winning all the games hut two.

There was an interesting contest ,between J. Gleave

===== 0002601_19090724_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
SOUND ADVICE.

Illness may be postponed by taking the sound advice of those who are regular users of Vi-Cocoa. By neglecting

such good advice, sufferers have only themselves toblame, more especially seeing that this life saving food is actually within the reach of all for the small sum of sixpence.

Every-day existence becomes harder each year to

millions of toilers in these lands; make your life happier,

make your task easier, make your home brighter by always keeping the body well nurtured by Nature's life - preserver—

PCOCOCI

It only costs 6d. per packet, and its properties are richer and better far than any other Food Beverage.

Put Vi-Cocoa to the test to-day. You will never regret it.

11-7 (Whitecross) and J. Monks (C.L.C.). Monks-led tile and the players were equal at 12. Gleave next three woods and was therefore victor by 15'1"

ISC/ J. Slavin (Whitecross) and F. Dale (C.L.C.IjI provided a keen struggle. Dale was ahead by the point at nine but Slavin drew level with his flat w°,,g Then Dale had another spell of success and led but the players again pelled at 12. Slavin hail best of matters to the end and won by 15-12.

To-clay sees the semi finals between C0rP0,...r3 a and .Rylands' ; Whitecross and Richmonds. Ball will be the referee.

The individual merit competition in connection sci:all the Warrington and District Association has Pr° 0 such a splendid success that it will no doubt be 0j annual affair. J. W. Jolley is to be complimean, upon the fine performance which made him chtun°rew: for 1009. He had a doughty opponent in a CI; ei and so well were the players matched that tn, peeled at 19. There were a few moments of brec less suspense and Jolley had gained the necessa two points and was loudly acclaimed the victor.

Swimming. at The Warrington polo team suffered another de-ei 0 on Monday night at the hands of Birkenbead,,l(3t'sit match being played at Birkenhead. The visitors 4a the toss and had to defend the deep end. Birk'be' played a strong game and gave the Warringtonlan°l4 rough time, the score at the interval being two el_ to none. For the Warrington team C. Woods, gcred keeper,proved a favourite, and waS warmly applailoi for his fine performance. The Warrington te'ptJ the whore, were very disorganised in the water Pemberton, the centre forward, who did show s.g'of of "light," was unable to do anything for wanta support from the backs. Wolstencroft also PlaSe'tea fair game. In the end, Warrington were bea.oo by 4 goals to nil. A good match is in anticilooo with Woolton on the 27th at Woolton,and Warringt, should make up for arrears on August 24th when thu play the return match with,BirkenLead.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

LOCAL WILL. The will has been proved of Mrs. Elizabeth C°ll,Ttf; of Haydoek Lodge, Newton•le-Willows, who left el- valued at £1,152.

UNIONIST LEADERS AND THE NEWTON DIVISION. of fi Lord Lansdowne, writing in acknowledgment biio " resolution against the Budget passed at thirty P!;.orti meetings in the Newton division addressed bY Wollner, the prospective Unionist candidate, silo.rt "I have been much interested in the vigorons„serooto which has been made in the Newton division to Pr"cour the Unionikt cause, and I heard with pleasure from 'coo Unionist agent of the most successful dernonstro4o, with which the campaign culminated on SaturdaY 'the 111,1 y I be permitted to express my admiration flit feel part which you have taken in this movement. 13y0 3 confident that you and your fricnds will not laboured in vain." s A to, Mr. Balfour wrote as follows :--" I am deliglne- of° hear of the adrnintble work which my relative, 110 Wolmer, has been doing in the Newton division. ,our sure it will prove to be of decisive value when the 0 of trial comes."

CARNEGIE LIBRARY AT NEWTON. T, ' LORD NEWTON ON HALFPENNY JOURN,-A0 -1 *The Carnegie Library at Newlon-le-Willows, 00 has been built and furnished at a cost of .be opened on Thursday afternoon by Lord Newtoded donor of the site. The style of the library is inteetly to harmonise with the technical school that will sherija- be erected on adjacent land. It is a one-storeY 1313,,j ing, and contains a reading-room, a ladies' reern:,3.e- t, reference-room, in addition to the lending depat which has space for 16,000 volumes. 'Lord ise"the was presented with a gold key wish which to or ' main doors, and he preceded the company in an W10)00 tion of the premises. A gathering in the • dieg4 -brati followed. Mr. T. Ormand (chairman of the Committee of of the Newton-in-Muketfield Council) of sided,and was supported by Mr. Thompson(chairms° the Council), Mr. C. B. F. Borron, and othets. .d Lord Newton, in declaring the library open, sal toe would be affectation if he were to profess admire 0.0 for all the things which Mr. Carneg'e said, but he yfr. willing to add his tribute to the unselfish use ware Carnegie had made of his vast wealth. If h 4 possessed Of the almost fabulous revenues with v4.ct... he was credited on public platforms in the distlitoe (laughter)—those sums could not be better utiliseo,da in founding institutions of this kind. Lord N 9" of held that the library committee in the selectiollitigt books and periodicals must firmly resist Per:.carr pressure. It was not the business of a librarY,:,..„ to mittee to follow in the wake of public opinion' ,buo"0-ks, educate and stimulate the public appetite for The public taste in literature was distinctly ba,,,!. Da to indication of it was the unmitigated rubbish oiler' oss travellers at the railway stations, and another The the character of the halfpenny press factor halfpenny press was, perhaps, the most powerfol in social life at the present time, and he thought might assume assume without unfairness that what bY vided by the halfpenny press was what was des'r'nd i° the pnblie in the way of literature. They feu.-000 such papers lengthy details of society functiiiing almost equally lengthy details about the Prel;ibi° fashions; very fair police reports, and an adrni t`ore• report of a divorce case if it was of a sensational °,f;thel There would also be a lot about flying machines "scei' were in the public eye, and in the football vaso!). etebes lent reports of football matches or of cricket n 33, ati in the cricket season. Perhaps they would se of elaborate account, telegraphed at vast expenseTork, banquet given by a millionaire in New • lisle' and in a parallel column a denunciation of Sociscioto They would also find sotre indifferent representing, maybe, a Cabinet minister strue;o Of with a suffragette, and one or two serial stor,ll,jogf inconceivAble stillness. But there would be ne.; or very little, about Parliament, unle§s there hsu to a scene. are. The object of a library was not to give p 1035 scoll the idle and the frivolous by providing thenoplf sensitional literature, and it was not solely to setioll' reference books for purposes of technical inst,rl;!ultol A library was iatended to develop the genera' ':ty 00 and improve the literary taste of the comnanniof tbe to place within the reach of everybody O'lA el° greatest pleasures of life—that of reading sr" really worth reading. f Lord Newton was thanked both for his gift,o°o library site and for opening the building, and thanks to Mr. Carnegie was also carried.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0089.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
... ViAi

===== 0002601_19090724_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
VIADb"nI, NGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

,luardertbigluir meeting of the Warrington Board of :aalf,:auB Was held at the Workhouse on Wednesday, R. Matthews presiding. There were also lrs.;..Sirrpron, Mrs. Collingwood, Miss P.ev. M. It3an, Dr. Murray, Meisrs. G. It. WI;1til1i1 ge, W. Furriest., W. C. Brooks, R. Lee, J. *ft,ton, W. Flannagan, A. Brooks, NV. Houghton, Longton, R. W. Peacock (assistant 'llclar," e• hery (master), and A. Wright (superin- "' af the Padgate Cottage Homes). k4ta THE COTTAGE HOMES. cs,ilig of the Cottage Homes Committee, Miss ntio„"• n. fester mother, tendered her resig- "A the Clerk as instructed to advertise for a 4Eor at a salary of .C2O with the usual allowances. L NEW RELIEVING OFFICERS. ,7,l(litYlaance Committee recommended that Mr. F. Pisr.,ll.be. allocated as relieving officer to Number 1 ,ostriet and Mr. E. H. Cotterill to Number 4 • , Was agreed to. el I" AIR. GARNETT'S SUPERANNUATION. I:BI.I.„."(HiGHTON moved :—" That in consideration of m'lptar6te amount of extra work which Mr. T. J.Garnett rnled during the past two years, caused by the (11t b-N of trade inthe borough, and the extra duties L'toe',D°ll him by the Old Pensions Act, the Local ,'`+(l -inraent Board be asked to sanction a proposal to 411441°,11r years to the number of years which he has served for the purpose of computing the amount i 14,--",.aPerannuation allowance?' He said that f ever Z4rtk-„?ervic s were worthy of special recognition, Mr. se s revi were. He bad carried out his duties Illt turtesy to Board and his brother officials, and Ovt,,l'atiness to those who bad to apply for relief. lit:44,ing his whole career had anyone had the fault to find with his work. tP'7 °I-LEY seconded and Mr. BILLINGS, Mrs. 00 b-PWOOD and theCtrammAN supported the 111$01U- lieh was carried.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0091.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.-- .)1. )0 alr

===== 0002601_19090724_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
WESTMINSTER.

°NE OF . THE DESTROYERS

THE NEW SHAH. ,„.11,ned Mi; za, the new Shah of Persia, is tog'. eleven years ef age. He is the second of his deposed father, Mahommed Ali, is now a fugitive in the Russian Legation th 'thera. As Ahmed Mirza is a mere boy, k: Government will be carried on by the ps-gent Azad ul Mulk, the head of the Kajar. . *L Which has ruled the country since 1794.

to., Ira )or

01 sirs Lhe , rc' of

N,s PICTURES OF THE WEF,K.

ME FLEET IN THE THAMES.-SUBMARINES ANCHORFD OFF

PASSING UNDER TOWER BRIDGE.

'''':::"':•-"':'•:'.'••• ,W,:::.,*.,41Vg,,?:t.: .:',i ,S. I 1,....: .-'.;'.:::- —. • .:,: ••,.:: ~ , :::. :::::,. '•::::4: .. ::::',....' • ~1::F'21..1i.i:fei4.,.:Mi'...4*:-•,.Ni:g: .',5:T.5•••.',0.r?"-1,0.r:T,141- ?:.,i,,-• '1:!,•:',4:i:•.A: %.:z . ...':M.,...„......'..- liiilitasigas3ot; aqtn,lo „.•;,....k:V.4.,..,:it.t.,44., 444.5.*.P.!...tw•ft-'4 : '''''''''4,V4'.4':':•444V*-.1-'4V.Seili.,7•Mktit.if"-.:4.,:e-,pt..r,:i.,;,::t:i.,,,. WitAbl...Nl.lk*AM:p*.kii4osrAt.W.ietilkWAVlTlSA:: .:i:,.... :..... :),41..4.:ei...,.i.M.K.::.,a1A.,.4.Y.e7.44,p40..r00k.,,,,,,*,:p*-:•-..„: '4011:r.*.MittAth:47,0,04,WV:e4:41,;44-.0 •.•:c:.:e4.:i.i.ii.:%,.:;'...g.14VN,,:"QV1N:;.'iM1,tr0.,,Z,tit...4::,...::.,..Mtt-#.''..ls .::.:sh':::::,.•:•.::::.:.:.•:::.::,.:::-:..:.;:y.,';;::.,-.;i,".:„.ii.e,-,'-'4041Itigtp:...,,Li.lr.a_.'''''.:4.:-K.(1*.stligWc.:?V'4,,t'',W:".-.."-`1.-4M •:....,.7:..:,i.:.:..:..•;.;4.;:P!.:Nt:104.3-.4i:;i!i'ii...t:Mitt:„,„,,,,,.4o.l***lZALt,.*P.l.Alte:'..;:i,. !:.:=4:).litit '':-.;*:.4..:..***,..0 ;tg:C;a::;':2:a:Zr.......::.1.!,::.4.;Tg.5.0.**.i5, aiitai1t53.4...:PV.01TX,.....•.‘i.,,„:1*-:;4',•,044,;,1:: itnapiiiircWwgmo.:gqtm,.tv.ato.i.:tFw.!--t„:,.•..:.ltoA4ezi;;p,ie*lt...:. : ......:::...::.:.„,:x....,,....,:1. ..;:;,:,:1:::::::i,:ii:::::i,::::::::?.::::::::!:1::::,i:ii:ti:::::!:::::::!:::::7::=,,,,,....:.:.::.:.:::::,..7..,..::::..k. .:,,,,.,..,.e...,......,.•...,4.tz-',1,:4_1‘....z,....., ..,,,,74,H...i., ...„*....,...,....,...•5....,........,, .•-•'." %i•;:::i:i',:::*i,i :;:,:::::i:ieig:::::::::mxklt:Kge:*: .-.]. kitif44-i7t*, 1..' * .:-.q5.. . - " • . i:.: .- - :;;.•;. `-:- ..,:,::::.s.,:ioiii>ii§::mm:::. .71.0005. ..i.-: ..::.,,,,,i2.,4,.,:f.,44-..4w,•!.,..04, , .-1 ~- • ..., ~,,,,;,:,... % ...,--- t ....'. ' ::.,.. -::•:. :::]:::::ii::*:::::K.m.-1::::%::::.A.g.?::gr. ..-.;:),.i.`,A.,wcit4,40P.:,,, --;4 ~ - -::... ,W,3,,,,,),.. ,4. 4..t,....?..... •,:i ..:: . . ...- t.: . :::::::::::::::**::::::*::::,,,,.*:.,..:::,::::::,,,,,,,,k0.,,,,,,,,,m6:04-,,,:, • -, ~.„1-,,, ,-; -",..1," .:-:,,,,,.;!.:4.„gii::t,ift:.,..%-li:§i:iwi:i,i,:: .. • . •7*...-:,?,q.:",a`,..:**.ii;,,,.' 4.1,4,;:iir1k, ~'!"i.0%,.•.:Z' 7 .''..,',A'.14::. .::..,.. --.:::.:•:::,:::::,:*::::::::4:::,:- ',W., . % ' ,-", . ~.. ...:;..kg.,,X,4*.X.4A Z: A.,,,, ..,..4 ~. ::::::::::.•:::::::,:*. .:,,,.. .• ...a. ~. • '''' ' ':-.,:... ~......`4.,:::5V‹.:,..‘,4*,.;;;:44,5010,,,,,441, , , A-. ,---7,-'5,,Pr. -,.. 1 . .......,,.... .:.ii;:m:::.4.:::.%••....,:.-.;..,..-..„:„.-,:.,i.4.4*,..5,Nr:),N.---' „r , • ...v,...,:---,14.*:,:i.-.,:.-....:.„,„; •445....-r...,,c...if0, .....,- .z _.4--,. .445,.. ..i..7.7.:*,-.1,-Alt.:.•-•:,;:e::.:4•.:..:.::,,,.c-4--..,...F.:,-,:•,,,:w% .i..N.-;.,.-k's.-- ~..,,. *fist,...-)s-;:..:-.'&.,. -...w0.r,i,:f.`,0).- :44:-,".-..:.. .' "e",...,V:':;V:i,'.:::i!7'*i:, U5.M...,:..i..,:;..:ize.-;•-4:40,,i'llk, . '.i::-;:::..-..10.;;1-,. '"`:',W,',.4e."*;,;%:"*....i.--'4"..4 .. --..,:.-•*:ii],:::i',--.....,...x... .."4.4%, ..„:',k,,,01,:,-46,,,... itti-e.,:-,.::.--. :4•:.• . .15j..:•....,,,:.::. '. - '::::§rd'Akira*:144,0,f;‘,>4.4%,..i.,,'..Nik„.4:•:,,,,t,.... .4 te ..,...,..•. :.:.....::: .:si::iir,i:•;*:::,-:::.- -, • : ..:.:::_i:::,i.,.::,,,,,_ , ...:,... .-:&t.c,,a,.*-4;.:.,,,,,,;itzt..,„rig,-,1:5,1.-: '. :' _ii...t- :-...tr,..., . ..- : .:::;.,::.-::: ..:-..:...,. .„:.::::,,ii, .::.:i...::,.::,.::,.: ,:i.:::,',,,i.,:::1iiii::., ..:,..:::.i.i..,:i::::i::::ii*,-:4,„,i,i4gma4:*,%T.'-.:.: ...:i:Agi,.:.;::#:-....::::.....:.....;:;:,....,,,5.-Yr-rtAii,:....; • ,P,--... 4.falli:;; , 5e..f,...."4..-;,--. *5.-,.,,4,,..,,.,i:.:,,,, 0 ~....,. Oc...,wK:x:-.).>-:ii:Ei:,.i,i:.:,.mmi5!,1.:,i::::.x.i:::::::::.,,,:::.,-:1:7i:,•,,.:,,,,,i:::.:....;,..:z0:N.:im.:.!,...?...,...:.:,i*,;•:-....::,,,,,,:.:,:,,,N04,:„..::...?..;k::..: :i:.::.::::::iii,e,'!,'.i!,:iiiiiiVi::.... .-:." • 'i..:..,.:••.,,,,,e010....:,,Mtt1ii..---...r•:'•-••,'''..';.,,r: • l'-':::. ..-.•:••••• :..::4;i;,.i,:, ',•i%::-.

.. 5::........:::,..... • . 1 .: •.',-:.k4 fE . . .i.:.;,;ii .. . .....,.....::.,..:•,..:i.i„i::*:k,':.]o::::::::....:!!!:'::Nii!..li.i!':""'.l..::...tr.All: . .'..:•:,. ............4:::::%Mi:::;R;.::::::!!:.'.:T:1!.14:.;.:;:::4..:4::::i.:;:.1'0:'*fia%). '-;::::::ikin,::?...3/4:i:.:...t.'..-: . : .....„,1.:44&.*. %.41PWV.N.'.M%,4i:Vilei...1V-0--. '::*,m•••,,.. •,..:i-:::,::.us,:f-:,..:§..-*K.w.**...,.„;:,.-,,,:.,..-,,,i.:;,:',!,;-:4.,,-.,-...,-.f...:::.::7 ..::. ..;osto'i,i",.--,,.. 0.:1.m,,,......,....,A*„.,,,....,......„.:,..„,,,,,,.•:, .., . : .::..:::::.::.::.:„:„.. ~„:„:„,..,:e -„,,...., 1 .... .:.5,,,,,.......„.,„:.. :...... . :::..... ..... ."......::.. ~":,••:: . • ...,...S,,,:!•:••••:',.. :, 'N .V., f1e..+3.Ctr:.....• • . , ' '. .' .. ' . .. :, • • •.• • •::: •.,..(,:::7,tVii. :: •'": •..•' , X, ::: :'' ...... s::,...:::::.i:•:. :10:•tr.::.: :'. :.' ':''. '. - ,i„j:..:1..' :1.1..:::.!.i!1::•• i .... . _ , ..,•••.,:::: .: ,::: . ' ••?..:.:. ~.....isl :.,:f ....:k : 4g.”:1: . '''''''''.::;•:,!:•••• :' :''.: , ..,/• ~.•••• •• ..ii;:.:.•'4l.:'ft:'`..:. ' ''*. '.• :.:.: ... '. . ' ' :,. '','"1,04.0M4i:11 ' .:. :.:•*:":::'",:%:•••...;. .. ~,,e">.s4. ii:::.::::.:::',2004:71:. .k., ~.' • :.....,:,.. ;.'!..-..a. .r-•.`,..,4.. ,;...:g.l'Aki,... . . ".::' f .:. - ..-.......5:.....:*:.-..:, . 1 ..1'r......'....:;i:hig'4,t11.10.,,,,.':.-....: -.. :: ': 1....:...'"::i..•'•. . ........,.A1441.4'61:L173..7,..,::Pc.:41:4:#417:-•::*,' --: :::4:14.:::.7:::.:::.'.4:'::' ;'....':;•:::'''.::::':.;: l'i;.:lPA:iltitlil:' ' ':::2::!.'.1i.i:M:'''.1::!.....' ..: 4_.:•;;it: .4'',:i:'4',,X%-igitVil: 5k,....114111,i ',l4:iiiiiViiiiiiir.tl 70ta,'7.1.1r.'.1-. •.i':i.i!::.6.V.:i...:.:::'.::::-:;.:'.:,:..:.::*:*';',i.:.,-;t0.7.-ki%.,..:"-,Ll,"•::.':.:;:1;:':-;:)..1.1iiilliallif i 1114.115!rtiplik' „:::3:50. ~?.::i:L'.:.,:iiit1ite.;21'....k.14,10:!7. .i...4tW..1.11...i.g1if.itt'.:1.fe---'...:i:...:,-,;4.4;.-t.....,,',,;:::,:i-,.,..- r-,:"o:.'..l.l:.'..i:i:::iiiii'i::.ft:ii *.i.i4,Wk::.:...,iiiw.-:,:it,....::Y:ni::.,.:ii-.l*.it;i:' ~,,,iMr.O.A,lwr...:.'i:',.i.::::.ii::.:4:i:::4Al:l;foßft4 .14,4,..,,,:::::.,•:,m.:.if,'4•,--7, t.e,....,,,A,.7,,,,z4v.A.,--.,.-?.:. s. :.:...:..::-.....,"::.::',::.:;::::.:,:::i::o:,::.::..:::.,i....;::;,:...,-......i.:::,•::,:,:;st..:.:•:.'1:.,it ....;:.----:.-..-...ff.:::.a....;.........:?.:.:.....,..,:.:::......,:,,...,.-...,..T.: ' - • •:,,,',::%•:' '::?•i:i::::::•:•:•::.:•••,:$: .::::••••::'-:•i•:.•;i::?ii:•:•WW:ii*:,.,.::.;":::.:::'...$::::0,...:•:••::•••••:.•;::.::'........•'.....,::::**$ •• " - . '•'•;',":';i4°. .......„„:„..• • • • •:••.:. ......._•„..., . , „..,,,::,I.„::•s•Miif,iiir:iiM•.:4::ii... %.,,fi:,ii,5x.1.4‘.:.:::::.....„.:::.........,...),..,..,..........:::•••••••„....••••.....,;:,•,....; t.:•.i,e,.., •••••:*. ..:•:••:.•,- .. :;-':::::::',•::.*:.i:'.::::*::::5:4,"'"'::4•••• "1. •• • ~., .........„.,,:•:.......„....„.:ftiiii:iN::::::::*:,,n.:t: ..••::..i•:•••*••!..,.:,...:iii.gy.g21,•4..40.w«.#i•*ii.::,,..„.,..,._._ '•::::::::-.:,•"".•• - . ...,.....:....• .•.... . . ' " • • • ...::,.....::::•:•'- . : •.'.,:i•;;.:..:..:,*.4'..e.'"""*"'":* • .?,:::::::!..,,,,„.3,7,.mm):02. ''-:!.....1**. , :,4ti.iigg.t.!'.f;:-,.:77:!".R.:4.ft...; .....:,::::0::::.$.4.;;;;;;•:::::::,....,i;;.i::::.::•::::•::i:.::.:•:..::::::::"." .... . ..•:.:i:g•li:::iftlia:.;:iall:W.:.;•:•Z?:;i,•,,i'si:.•:•:.zia...:-*;:ii4ii,.,C,..i...;:,:•:ii:m:••,.:4*, " ~ . •z....,...... ~,...,„,;.,... • •••••-• ••,..::::Verg::*:.'?..V."*.iV:li,j f....< f• .. ' '•-•:. .:.:•:....:...:..,..:,. ~ . : • •k"-...'.."':.':;'.•', • ''' . • "•..::•'• . '

.. -, ... :;•......F.Y?' •••: • , '7:::;:....:' ,• ,- :::'Ci*•.':," .;i-t.04...„.. . ?kr. ' •',:, Vrat:.‘••:::.:. -it7.1.4:'....2 ., - .4,,,:4":Nt...;,;:".- .".,,,,,,,P,f , ~,,,, ..--:-...:..,:: -4.-'•!;:. ,i•••," :c.,(•:5•,. , '• ~, C'''., .'";',- :83'.0,5•;.-.4 ,:„:„.„ i,...,„..., si4„ , :._ • .....„ ~,....1„.,...,.,,.._04.,.. ~, ::_r_.,:_,.............„•... .......;:tk - .!. ~1.. ..,,,....,,,. . . • -• .. 1 .. - .4,1„... ...., .' 2..4'7 ?4,, ..' ',,gkir'• : 4., „........„:.. .•: ... . /.• :. •Fs''' ..: 4 ' ;•!' lift :4 ~..,,..i....i: -. ~,,.. 0.,..,. • •••...,,,:4::.;:::t.. 's '. , A • ',"‘ ...4..,,.. , ry., ~ , , \ >, ... "4 :.:, a • ..5.... . s t: . ...‘,:.. e ..A.?.,; 3- • . ' 'kr,: • ' .•. :.*.> ..' '. • :, .. . I:, ••,....:',„±„k4A:::::% I.! • 4 -'. ....),•r..,'-,::.*: .},," , ''''... :t99 AVV*' .' 4 • •'''. .„iysX-ii.1";:).:24:::" , . • .... ~..,,,. ';'•7.7...*,:f.t?...,.. : .. • - , . ~..., ~,,,,• , .-,4.- . ' ,c 5. 5....'..,.,ii-71:::,", •'',:-....r".•>, •>,„ s :::%::?:-...•:':' 1;;:. .....1':?"'..".;;W:,4i4n ..." ?e•'•'::'•;•:•. ' :... :,...r:.-"-ye , . :1,-.-.•;,-...,,,,,i; .::i. .. .. ~ . ... „.. . , ... i 'A.. '.. v ':'•.• ''• ':;:•••••*..t.'• ,''' .t,.0.`.' ';',. s‘l• ' • :: !O. '".V4•., : t•s4 ;g'.: ...••••.' '1..,,•'. "...".4- .:41. VAti :,::•.....:::.'::::• tt'Vt 42. '•::ilgt' :Ali . :" sWire.,k,...?;- .-................,....,..,.......„ --....,,,.-.,..c.r.:::::::::.:•::::..,.....:....--- • •-•

===== 0002601_19090724_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
LtNDON'S NEW EXPERIENCE.

The visit of the Home and Atlantic Fleets to the Thames marked an epoch in the history of the Navy. Never before had such an armada been gathered together in London's great waterway. One hundred and fifty vessels of the Home and Atlantic Fleets have been brought together this week for the edification of the Londoner. Stretch- ing from Westminster Bridge to the Nore, and comprising every class of vessel frozn Dreadnoughts to submarines, this mighty armada as excited extraordinary enthusiasm in the Metropolis, and Southend-on-Sea, which is the centre of interest, has been almost overrun with visitors since 0 Saturday.

THE ATE DON CARLOS.

Don Carlos, Duke of Madrid, who claimed to be the lei,itimate King of Spain by the title of Charles VII., has died at Veresa of heart failure. When he was only twenty years of age Don Carlos inherited • the position of "Pretender to the Spanish throne," on which he might have sat but for his refusal to make terms when Isabella had to flee from Spain in 'lB6B.

- r- . „4.. r. • .i.,.,..:.,,.... iz. . i ..: . . , cf , ~. V . %, . .........,,:.::.:, ~.....::5,7 -. N,,;f...10-,,:. '''.?.., .•......''..:',,,.....4: ~,/,.... 4.4 ...;.'' '. 4ii''''''''',4t:t':i..i,•::.-ig.Z...,•,........:f.c. • %4.V.*:'::,-`' i'%;;SeZ.V,L.' r.f!' . '.' ~. r:, ,:••••'•'••••...41. .!,7::•litgSk7lfZ's,,,{;;;;lgat V....;-:**lV.s.7%Rii.:: .. 41,...4,..'*''''' .9.: .:•:::.?;. -:-.:. ::-.,.:•,4%i ~,?,...:a ;§.%.k*WIT.--s4,Adt,i'.i.:V::':: •' . ' ..1.• :>::::.*0 %:.71W4it.,',i'VE):41.?;:•:*i'f,,;;::. ' :i..,,,,,,, .........,:,:',.:;:ill:ikii*:: '''s:l'S.:* ~:'' .:.:'::-..'',:::. .'ek!...:l.:'''s ;ok, .I.,•••i• . . • ..:•:Z.:6,:"' •••:•'i..,.:''.VM:,:f ::I::'''''''''k::3•,:::t:n.f:::::',,_.: .5...::•.::',',.... ....3.:. :.:n.'''''''''' '''." '........ - ,:.:::';. 4, .:&• ... Z?...4:::•:' ' ~.,'' '" '' •::44.:***:e::: : ' . ::..:::::;;• i:'•'",::7:::::::::::4:".:::,..:',....... . 4,:5..,e. ~.,

===== 0002601_19090724_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
A NEW ADULT SCHOOL.

The Adult School movement is popular because it meets the needs of all classes, is quite unsectarian in its methods of working, serves a valuable educational purpose, and encourages Bible study. The progress of the Warrington Adult School, in Academy-street since its formation well within two years ago, has been very marked and another school was inaugurated last Satur- day evening in Greening's Dining Hall, Bewsey. No better' place for such an institution could have been chosen. The meeting on Saturday evening was presided over by Mr. Harold GRAY who in the course of a speech dealing with the aims of the Adult School said it did not occur to some of them that there were enough organisations, There seemed to be a multiplication of organisations and one sometimes wandered whether we had not come to the end. However, there was ample room for an Adult School. Already we had had some little experience • in Warrington of en Adult School which had done well, and there was no reason why another should not be established in Warrington. There was no denying the fact that our Churches and Chapels had not succeeded in drawing the working classes. We sometimes believed that the working classes were irreligious, but in his opinion they were quite as religious as ever they were and quite capable of responding if suitable means and the right methods were laid before them. The Adult School was not in anyway a class movement, but it was an exceedingly suitable instrument for the working classes to-day. It was a movement that bad been tried for a number of years, especially in the Midlands They were not ecclesiastical and they had not the cold dogma upon them.f They realised that every individual had a responsibility to discharge to the community and they thought it well and fitting that they should take up subjects of social importance such for instance as the land question. They studied those subjects in a way that did not interfere with party politics. There was some work for,the Adult School to do 'in relation to the Housing problems. It was essentially a religious movement and from that one great centre came the many sided things of wlrich he had been speaking. The Adult School was tll'e place where the principles of our Lord Jesus Christ could be put into practice. (Applause). Mr. J. A. RANSOME, president of the Academy-street Adult School, said that there were 100 names on the books of his school, and they had an average attendance of over 50. He also observed that Bewsey was.the best place they could have chosen for such a school. Messrs. Bradley, J. Parry, Joseph Ellvrell, Paling, John Ellwell and A. Spittle testified to the good they had dprived from such a schbol. Each of them hoped that a school in Bewsoy would greatly prosper. During the meeting Mr. James Parry rendered "Throw out the lifeline," the audience of about 50 taking up the chorus. On a vote being put to the meeting it was decided that a school should open next day, commencing at 8.45 a.m. Sunday morning raw the foundation of the school, when about 20 members wore enlisted.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
IWARRINC CHAPTERS. >

THE GREAT lIAILSTORM OF FIFTY YEARS AGO.

iffy years ago last Saturday—on July 18th, 1859 Warrington received a shock which lingered in its memory for many years, and which remains yet we believe in the memory of its oldest inhabitants. Between five and six in the evening a, thunderstorm broke over the town, and fol- lowing heavy rain a hailstorm of peculiar vehemence occurred. Erratic in its course the storm poured out its vial of wrath upon Warrington, leaving the surrounding towns and even the villages a mile away untouched. The falling of record hailstones in the midst of a period of unusually hot weather was a problem which might have puzzled wiser heads than those who endeavoured the solu- tion half a century ago. It seems worth while to mark the jubilee of this striking event by including an account of it in our Warrington Chapters. We quote first the description of an eye witness whol wrote—we think—for a Manchester news- paper. _ _

In one of his lectures Mr. Beamont tells of a Latchford woman who dated the births of her children and other events notable in her lifetime as "so long before or after the the flood "much to the astonishment of a stranger who was questioning her, until he found that the flood which she meant was not the Flood, but a flood which proved distructive to Warrington. Any local savant anxious to follow her example and discard the usual wino domini computation, may fix upon the great hailstorm of Monday last, as the starting point of a chronology more likely to be remembered by Warrington worthies than the era of Nabonasser, the Olympiads of the Greeks, the building of Rome, or the Hegira of the Mahommetans. "Monday last, like a week or more of its predecessors, was stifling in the extreme. Everybody had gone to the seaside who could go, and those who could not, bore their mis- fortune with an ill grace. Ices were down, to a halfpenny, and " pop " up as high as ginger and coloric could send it,when towards five in the afternoon the premonitory symptoms of a thunderstorm appeared in the shape of a lowering sky, and half suppressed grumblings. Soon after five o'clock the thunderstorm was very audible, as it rapidly followed the vivid lightning, thus betokening its close proximity to War- rington. Rain then descended, filling the hearts of all with gladness ; but soon it gave place to hail of the ordinary kind; and it, in its turn, to large lumps of ice, which rattled on the ground as one could fancy a shower of marbles from a two-mile altitude would do.

"About a quarter to six the wind rose, and then such a scene of destruction to glass com- menced as was never witnessed in Warring- ton before. Every skylight and almost every window with a northern or western aspect began to be riddled as if a regiment of volun- teers were at rifle practice. For a full quarter of an hour this firing continued; the hail, or rather the pieces of ice being, in thousands of instances, larger than marbles, and many of them so large as to lay our words open to doubt if we named the size. From the cessation of the storm the streets became thronged by anxious onlookers, and every glazier's shop was besieged by applicants. From the Parish Church to Bank Quay Station, a distance of nearly a mile and a half, the windows on the left hand side were more or less riddled and all back rows fared equally as bad. Trinity Church presented a deplorable sight, some 200 squares being knocked out. Bold-street Chapel fared rather better. Cairo-street, Golborne-street and St. John's Chapels escaped almost unimpaired; but not so St. James' Church, Latchford. Upon the side fronting Warrington the storm seemed to have expended its strength, and probably 2,000 of the little squares were shivered in pieces. "The public works suffered considerably. At Messrs. Stubs about 1,000 squares of glass were broken. At Messrs. Bashall and Sons 3,000 square feet of new glass were required and great damage was done by the broken glass cutting the yarn, the hands losing a day's Work in consequence. "Of the tales of loss by flood in private life time would fail us to tell. Cisterns were overflowed here, roof-gutters there, the kitchen flooded in a third. The annoyance through rain and hail finding an entrance through skylights was very general and in numerous cases the floors of upper rooms were flooded and the ceilings soaked. The most remarkable case which has come to our knowledge is that of Mr. Mallett, draper; the roof was struck by lighting and through the aperture there poured hail which covered and greatly damaged his stock. 'Among greenhouses the destruction was widespread. Mr. E. Bolton's loss at his garden at Bank Quay exceeds 6,000 squares and Coloner Patten's and Alderman Peter Rylands' many thousands. Numerous gardens have been all but destroyed for the season. The little paradise attached to Alderman Thewlis' residence was a picture of desolation, so also was Mr. Marsh's." The storm appears to have singled out Warrington and Warrington only as the scene of attack. A mile out of the town on every side the storm passed over harmlessly except that windows were broken at Paddington and Woolston. At Wilderspool Brewery only one pane of glass was broken and no other damage occurred. In Warring- ton it was computed that 40,000 panes had been broken. Glaziers were summoned from the country around and quite a small army were imported from Manchester, but it was a full fortnight before the town lost its besieged appearance. The scribe from whom we have been quoting continues: "After the storm,good humour was pretty generally exhibited by all, especially those who were not sufferers. Jokes were as freely cracked las the glass had been, chiefly on the paneful nature of the affair, and the paneless process taken, no one fortunately being hurt. A good deal of inquiry was made as to where the hailstones came from, the weather being intensely hot; and the most satisfactory answer which we heard was that which likened the Process of ice making in the clouds, to that daily adopted in London, where ice is made by steam, and the better the furnace the more the ice which is pro- duced, the caloric, by the aid of ether being *extracted from the cold water. "On one ' point the inhabitants agree, including the oldest one, who was especially enquired after, and that is that there never was the like of it before, and the pious wish is added that there may never be the like of it again." Animated discussions arose as to responsi- bility for the damage. It is usual for tenants to put in broken glass and the owners refused to take responsibility. The tenants argued that the damage was beyond their control and should be treated as damage done to roofs and chimneys. - -

How these keen diseuisj..ons ended we do

not know, but the absence of any record of litigation suggests that they were amicably settled. The town got over its loss as good humouredly as could be expected but not for many years did it forget the sharp vengeance of the brief and angry Midsummer storm of 1859.

The theme was an attractive one for poets —of whom the town has never been entirely deficient—and we have been fortunate enough to unearth a rhyme which the occasion inspired.

WARRINGTON " HAIL." " All hail ! Macbeth."

Conic hither Pegasus:let's mount thy bare back, There's a great event happened needs record in rhyme, Tho' I fear I shall find thee halt as an old hack,

Through running the late £lOO match ag'nst time. No matter—if Tennyson's trotting bath galled thee I'll e'en be content to hang by thy tail; And if his old lady's strange chatter appalled thee, I'll Cheer up thy spirits with Warrington's hail. T' was a fair July's 18th day in theyear fifty-nine, Dark clouds hung. o'er our fated town, the sun

declined to siiine, The lightning flashed, the thunder rolled, the rain began to fall, Both men and cattle shelter sought in public house and stall. Anon, a change came o'er the scene, which made the

stoutest quail, - The freslming rain was changetl into .a fearful storm

of hail Which madly rushed on all it met like formen on the

foe, Whilst pallid townsmen stood aghastcrying —"here's a

pretty go "„ But out ofrevil cometh good as you will see anon, For when the storm was o'er nearly all their panes had gone.

The day was a" fair " one in every respect, And Wilderspool Ale had in favour stood high, Ah ! little did Wilderspool's owners suspect, That ere night there would be such a rival supply. T'was fierce competition, still our brewers, I think, Need not care such a rival thro' the town did pass; For I've heard that all those who indulged in the drink Have to pay an exhorbitant price for their glass. But now our town, like all mankind, so very hard to please, .Declares this remedy for pane is worse than the disease; And led on by the M.D.'s they next Morning 'gan • again To fill their clear and fragile frames with every kind of pane. So this Homcepathic dose. though sent in form of hail, To prove its searching qualities, is only doomed to fail; For with return of pane, it seems, ill humours flow apace, And lawyers well as doctors anticipate many ti case, For a knotty point is started, that's like to prove a bore, "As the ale came in uncalled for, pray who should pay the score?"

MORAL In this age of surprises, look out for the crisis ; War and peace, storm and calm, in a moment are

• here, You'll receive no advices, when or whence it arises. Watch! be firm and resolved, and you've nothing to

' fear. Now up and be doing! When dark storms are

brewing, - The wise-man stands over prepared for the worst; He's not startled at viewing the havoc and ruin, That oftimes take place when the thunder clouds burst.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
MISCELLANY.

The "Daily Post and Mercury" had an interesting paragraph last week concerning the Oberlin Press of WarritTton. We quote the paragraph, promising some day to tell our readers all about Philip Carpenter and his numberless hobbies. Mr. W. W. Yates, of Dewsbury, .(himself an old Warrington journalist) writes "My feelings have been deeply stirred—old memories being revived—through reading in your 'News, Notes and Queries' column what two correspondents have penned respecting a song containing the words, 'When the might with the right and the truth shall be.' One gives the last verse, but not quite correctly; and, with your per- mission, I quote it as printed in the first booklet in which it appeared, entitled 'Songs of Progress and Affection for the People' (Oberlin Press, Warrington, 1847) : Let good men ne'er of truth despair, Though humble efforts fail, _ But give not o'er until once more - . .

The righteous cause prevail, - In vain and long-enduring wrong The weak may strive against the strong, But the day will yet appear When the might with the right and the truth shall be, &c.

The Oberlin Press was a department—shall I call it ?--of an Industrial School established by the Rev. Philip P. Carpenter, pastor of the Unitarian Chapel in Cairo-street, War- rington, at a time of acute distress. In a little periodical styled The Helper' (1850), Philip, as he was affectionately called by all classes, recounted the origin of his print- ing project. "Our press," he said, " was a rickety old wooden instrument; our type was worn; and none of understood our business." But he and the out-of-works he was assisting persevered, and a long period of depression in trade was not only tided over, but several of the young men lifted, through what they learned in the Industrial School, into positions in life they could not otherwise have attained. Philip was the first to take the composing stick in hand, and it is worth recording that the lines he set were these, so descriptive of the good man:—

I slept and dreamed that life was Beauty; I woke and found that life was Duty. ** * *

Chemists get some curious commissions rom juvenile messengers as everyone knows, and one recently given in Stockton Heath deserves to be recorded. A maiden appeared at the counter and made request for( dislo- cated cocoanut." The chemist found it an impossible order and the maiden tried again. If it was not the dislocated article it was "desecrated cocoanut." This was quite clear enough for the shopman who handed over some dessicated cocoanut—the correct article.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
POISONED WOUNDS.

The rapidity with which blood-poisoning may be _set up in.a cut or bruise, should warn everybody to dress even the slightest skin injury at once with Zain- Buk, the renowned antiseptic healing balm. Mr. Thos. Dillon, a butcher's carrier, living at 17, Warren Street, Brownlow Hill, Liverpool, writes : "Some time ago whilst at work I slipped and fell so , heavily that a piece of flesh was torn from my right , arm. Dirt worked into the raw flesh and the ivound was festering badly. "Fortunately I was persuaded to try Zam-Buk, and as a result the spread of the poison was checked and the festering gradually ceased. Zam-Buk then healed the wound and grew new and healthy skin."

===== 0002601_19090724_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
Athletic Successes.

At the Salford Harriers' Sports, on Saturday J. T. AluMall, of Warrington. was second in the 225 yards mark in the Mill Walking race. At the Mid-Cheshire Sports, -in connection with the sevehteenth annual fete and crowning of the Rose Queen at Lostock Gralam, Northwich, held on Saturday, Simister of Warrington, was third in the 100 yards flat race handicap; and in the 220 yards flat race, Green, also of -Warrington was third.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
A CITY GRAVEYARD.

By Rosa E. Gladding.

' You cannot see it from the busy High Street though it is not a hundred yards away, and its existence is unsuspected from the front of the houses that back on to it three sides of the square. Just inside the gates the path starts with every intention of keeping straight but like many another opening with as fair a promise, after the first swerve aside runs down the hill reck- lessly until it is stopped by the ,low wall which prevents it tumbling over to the cottages at the foot. One would think these houses and those on the sloping sides of the square would not be particularly eligible or healthy, yet they have no more sickness here than in any other part of the town, and seldom is one of them to let.. Perhaps the bit of dings/ green that fills up the spaces between the gravestones has some- thing to do with the popularity of the place, grass grows so sparsely on these bleak grey hills. More- over there is a solitary sycamore tree somewhere about the middle of the place which lifts its feeble arms at the stirring of the spring and after stretching itself tentatively, surprised to find itself still wakened by the call, puts forth a few bronze, fan-shaped leaves. A dreary spot is the burying-ground at the back end of the year. The grass, lush and dank, falls with its own weight under the fitful sweep of the wind into strange hollows and caves, like graves dug by elfish hands for folk unwaringly stepping that way; and the dripping rains that wash, the grimy roofs and pave- ments clean seem never to move the dark stains from these stones, _ _

Ono touch of Nature making the graveyard kin with the living world around is a heavy fall of snow. Then the uncouth shafts and obelisks that mark the resting place of forgotten bones are clothed upon and rounded into shapes more natural and familiar ; the few headstones that have succeeded in keeping erect spite of the 'savage winds that have laid many of their fellows low are swathed with folds of beauty no human hand could drape with such grace. The broken unkept path, the Via Dolorosa of many an aching heart, is laid fair and smooth again as though never a foot had trodden its weary length. Even the heavy iron gate which swings to with such an ugly clang in the dull moaning of a coming storm is trellissed and laced ,with a fairy fretwork seen 'elsewhere but in dreams. .

Spring is heralded in the burying-ground by an unworded disturbance on its utmost fringes. Over the walls hang strips of colour of every line and size, car-pets, mats, curtains, blinds, most of them fresh from their annual bath of dye, making such brilliant patches up among the 'sober greys and greens that from the foot of the bill the dingy old square is like some hanging garden in far-off Babylon. All the windows of the surrounding houses are wide open,and neighbourly greetings pass briskly among the women who pop their heads out and shake brooms and dusters at such regular intervals one would think the whole performance from end to end of the row was done by clockwork.

Summer follows swift on the heels of the' cleaning down ' ; indeed the windows seem never wholly closed afterwards, and when the yellow stars of the dandelions appear among the grassy mounds in the square, children will come in and gather bunches 'to take to teacher.' From outothe mason's shed hard by an old bench is brought and placed on the base of the biggest monument, this being the recognised and approved rendezvous of some four or five old men from the adjacent streets who there smoke their pipes in peace and settle the affairs of nations undisturbed. A funeral in the burying-ground is the occasion for much making up of arrears among the inhabitants of the square in the matter of friendly calls. Once when an Alderman of the adjoining city was buried a real Lord Mayor wearing his chain of office was ambng the mourners, and real policeman carried the coffin. So unique was the occasion that the merest buds of intimacy blossomed out suddenly into full-blown friendships, so that the heads at the windows rose tier above tier like a miniature arena; dozens of youthful legs dangled fi ern the walls all round ; whilst the wreaths left on the grave were a Mecca of pilgrimage for the inhabitants of the district for a full fortnight after. The great gala day in the burying-ground however, is the annual mowing when the place takes on a rural and unsophisticated air in which the whole neighbour- hood shares. This mowing is a movable feast taking about four and a half days to accomplish. It is per- formed by a short, lame man with a squint, whose shirt sleeves of poppy-red keep up the agricultural illusion in which for the time we live ; his occupation for the rest of the year is altogether undiscoverable. The night before the mowing he will make his appearance carrying an old-fashioned lumbersome scythe. This he places against the wall whilst he lights his pipe and proceeds to take a leisurely and quite unnecessary survey of , the ground. Carrying the Scythe ostentatiously away when this is done he thereby whets the curiosity of the troops of youngsters at play in the narrow streets near by, and gives a new topic of conversation to the' knots of women in the doorways. All of which is in the approved manner of a travelling show parading a few of its properties on the eve of the performance proper. When fairly started on his work he is sometimes lost to sight among the tombs, the scythe being discarded in crowded places for a pair of clumsy shears. Then you will catch a glimpse of the poppy-red from which a thin blue.grey film rises where he sits smoking his pipe on one of the stones or quietly munching the dinner which his wife brings him tied up in a big blue-checked handkerchief. At the end of the day the woman comes again with a clean apron on and a child in her arms. Sometimes she will put the child down to crawl on the 0.1-ass whilst she, in a nervous shame-faced way, is ill toss the hay about a bit as though impelled, poor soul, by some remembrance of earlier happier days. Quite a heavy load is the result of the lame man's labours, the children gather- ing in a crowd to see the waggon wriggle up the rugged path and just clear the gates, leaving wisps of hay trailing from the spikes at the top. Somehow I do not like the square so well after the mowing. A sense of loss and loneliness pervades the place ; the headstones stand out gaunt and bony, and there are ugly holes ..where the children grubbed up the roots'M making dandelion tea—or stout, as the boldest of them at once and unblushingly admits. Among the few regular habitues of the burying- ground is a tall, spare gentlemanly-looking man, with a white military moustache; who comes in at all times and in all weathers. Generally he wears a thin dark overcoat buttoned up to the chin, and his boots are always carefully polished. You may come upon him leaning chin in hand against a black granite casket- shaped tomb, one of the best in the square, studying the letters cut deep on the top as though it were a riddle he fain would read. No turn of the head or movement of any kind betokens that he hears your approach, and for a full quarter of an hour or more he will keep the same immovable attitude. Then as though struck with a sudden inspiration he will proceed in sharp abrupt strides down the rough path, and stepping carefully across the mounds on one side halt-at a place where a year or so ago his mother was laid to sleep. Taking a jar from his pocket he fills it at a tap in the wall fixed for such purposes and then waters the grave carefully and thoroughly all over, sometimes when the rain is actually falling in torrents. Once on a bitter day in March when the wind blew the sleet like bits of broken glasi against his face, I saw him enter the burying-ground and without his usual perplexed pause by the tomb at the top, go down to his favourite place. Whilst performing his usual task of watering the grave the wind in a sudden burst of fury threw him face downward across the place where some day, perchance he too—the secret which has baffled his poor wit at last known—will be put to rest. Nobody laughs at the old man but a few callous school-boys who call out 'Hullo Potty' as he stands suddenly still on the busy causeway, that pathetic questioning look in his eyes; and then a wisp of a, smile will cross his face and as though the answer were found he *ill dart off to his haunt among the tombs. Seldom does he answer my greeting, but there is always a courteous bow and a lift of his hat as I pass him going ,through the gates. Some say lie was crossed in love, some that he lost a fortune, others that he was harshly treated as a boy. But the years come and go, and the stalwart sunny-haired youth who went white before his prime will find no answer to his problem nor any rest to his feet until they carry him, past the black stone slab, down the crooked path, and turn aside to the place that his love has tended so long.

WIRRAL AND BIRKENHEAD SHOW.-NEXT YEAR'S DATE.

The council of this society has selected Friday and Saturday, '29th and 30th July also on Monday (Bank Holiday) Ist August, as the dates for next 3 ear's show but has not decided on which date the dogs will be exhibited, however, this matter is to be included on the Agenda for the next meeting,

===== 0002601_19090724_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
MARRIED WOMEN TEACHERS.

ANOTHER NOTICE WITHDRAWN.

The question of the dismissal of married women teachers was again mentioned at the meeting of the Warrington Education Committee on Monday evening. At the General Purposes Committee meeting, held in private just prior to the meeting of the Education Committee, a resolution that the notice to terminate the engagement of Mrs. Proud la withdrawn was passed by 11 votes to seven. A resolution that the notice to terminate the engagement of Mrs. Cann be withdrawn was defeated by seven votes to eleven. Mr. UPSON moved that the minute with regard to Mrs. Cann be not approved and adopted. The DIRECTOR: You can't. Mr. UPSON: Why. The DrnEc : Because it is not a minute. It i 3 simply a record of what took place. Mr. UPSON: What right have Ito raise the question spin

-The DIRECTOR: You cannot raise it again except by special motion. Mr. UPSON : Can I. move that the record be expunged? _ _

ibe-DlREcrort : Of Course you can da that, but it will have no practical effect. Mr. UPSON : Then I will move that the minute or , he record, or whatever it be, referring to Mrs. aann Dte expunged. Ido so for several reasons and I think You will agree they are additional to those already given. The CHAIRMAN: Are you quits safe in raising this question in public meeting? The DIRECTOR said he would like to point out that the amendment proposed by Mr. Upson would not have any effect on tbe notice already given. Mr. Upson's object was to give the same treatment to ene lady as had been given to another lady. To move that the record be expunged would not gain this object. Mr. BRADSHAW said the question had been thoroughly discussed in committee, and the only object he could see in Mr. Upson's amendment was that be wanted it advertising in the papers that he was representing the teachers.

Mr. UPSON : I appeal for the protection of the cbair. I do not think I have ever done a thing of that sort. I want to submit fresh reasons why this resolution should not be carried into effect.

The DIRECTOR: The position is this: You con- sidered a certain line of action and decided not to adopt that lino. Your resolution and all that you have done before stands good until such time as some one gives notice of motion to rescind it, or some matter of urgency arises whereby you can consider the matter again. _ _ .

-Tbe Rev. JOHN YONGE said he always -understood that the minutes of a sub-committee were presented for discussion. If that were true with regard to one section of the General Purposes Committee's minutes, he failed to see why there Should be a difference made on this particular point. Mr. JOLLEY said that if by some extraordinary chance the amendment were carried, it would not achieve the object Mr. Upson had in view. It might not be expedi- ent to discuss the matter publicly at that stage, but it must not be supposed that some of them were afraid of discussion.

Mr. UPSON said something had been said as to certain members not being afraid to discuss the question in public, and there was alco the insinuation that he was trying to get cheap popularity. It seemed to him that the boot was on the other leg; that some members wanted the matter to be discussed, and others seemed to be a little bit afraid of discussion. The amendment was one which ought to commend itself to the com- mittee upon due reflection. Mrs. Cann was in the employ of the old Technical Instruction Committee before the Education Committee came into existence, and she had charge of all the cookery teaching in the borough. Cookery teachers were nothing like so numerous then as they were now. Mrs. Cann taught not only in Warrington but in the neighbouring centres in Lancashire and Cheshire. At the request of the Technical Instruction Committee _ _

The CHAIRMAN: Ido think you should not discuss that view of the point at all. I think you should confine yourself to the amendment that the minute be referred back.

Mr. UPSOZT : lam content to let the matter drop if you will assure me I shall have an opportunity of discussing it before it is finally decided. It seems to me that if we approve of the minute as it stands, the matter is finished with. I want to give additional reasons why the committee should deal generously with this teacher. Councillor H. ROBERTS submitted that the matter was finished with and that if Mr.Upson were successful in carrying his amendment it would make no difference. The amendment was simply to expunge tbe record and , did not effect the issue at all. What Mr. Upson sought to accomplish was that the notice should be withdrawn but he could not accomplish it by this or any other proposition because the time would expire before it was possible for that to be done according to the laws and procedure of the authority. ,k Councillor LORD suggested it was expedient in view of the C 859 coming into Coact that they should go into committee.

ColleCffier ROBERTS: He cannot carry the matter one stage further by anything he says. Mr. IJPsoN : I can untie one knot in the tangle by getting this rescinded. Councillor ROBERTS: It won't untie a knot. It was proposed that the meeting should go into committee.

Alterman BENNETT said the object of publicity was to enable some of them to dissociate themselves from a great injustice and to let the public know that they did so. Councillor ROBERTS: If the dissociation of mem- bers of the authority from what they conceive to be injustice is likely to lead to certain difficulties in a court of law, what about the policy of discussing it in public. Continuing he submitted, with all respect to Mr. Upson, that the time had arrived when the meeting had made up its mind on the question. It bad heard every possible argument thab could be given. Mr. UrsoN : It has not, sir. _

Councillor ROBEltill : 1 submit, the particular object is to get a discussion on the matter which may be reported in the Press, possibly to the prejudice of the Committee.

On the motion of Councillor LORD seconded by Councillor Pemberton, the meet:ng resolved itself into committee and the reporters retired. At the conclusion of a brief discussion, it was announced that the minutes had been adopted as presented. WHAT THE SALFORD COMMITTEE HAS DONE At a meeting of the Salford Education Committee on Monday night, Mr. MATHER asked whether the Committee intended to make any restriction in the ease of notice given to married teachers, seeing what had taken place at Warrington on the subject. Canon Scorr said the matter had not been before the Committee, but he should imagine not. Whathappened at Warrington was that an action was brought against the authorities there, and rather than go forward in that action they bad withdrawn their notices. The notices had expired in most of the Salford cases, and no one could bring an action. They could not bring an action to be reinstated.

The CHAIRMAN: No trouble is contemplated? Canon Scorr : No, there is no trouble contemplated. Mr. MATHER considered that the notices, for the time being, should be withdrawn. There was no doubt, be said, that Salford would have to "face the musio as Warrington had done. Canon Scorr said he did not see what could be done, The notices had expired in most cases and the teachers bad left. It would be time enough to take action when they were brought face to face with the difficulty. If there was any difficulty they must deal with each case on its merits. He did not know the details of the War- rington case, but the Committee had tried not to give notices where hardships would be caused. He did not think any persons had had to leave where it meant givinrup their main subsistence. The Chairman : lam very glad that has been said. LONDON COUNTY COUNCIL'S THREAT.

The threatened dismissal of married women teachers by the Education Committee of the London County Council was 'discussed at the annual conference of the Fabian Society, and the following resolution was passed- by a large majority :—" This Conference pro- tests against the proposed dismissal by the Education Committee of the London County Council of married women teachers, transferred for the convenience of the unattached list."

===== 0002601_19090724_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR ELDERLY FOLK.

Get from any good chemist, Tincture Gentian Com- pound, one ounce; Syrup Rhubarb, one ounce; Liquid Barkola Compound, one ounce; .and Syrup of Ginger, five ounces; aml mix by shaking well in a bottle. Take in te2spoonful doses, one after each meal and one at bedtime.

This is the prescription and the directions as given by an eminent authority on kidney diseases, who makes the statement that this simple home-made mixture will relieve almost any kidney disorder, or backache, or bladder weakness. • This should prove of untold value to 11 elderly folks, who always suffer, more or less, with their kidneys and bladder at this time of year,

===== 0002601_19090724_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY IN CANADA.

Experiments in wireless telegraphy are to be under- taken on the Peel river on Yukon territory, two thousand miles north of Edmonton, and the Govern- ment experimentalist is on his way to that point to make the necessary arrangements. Direct communica- tion would be established from the station on the Peel river with Seattle via the wireless stations at Eagle, Valdez and Vancouver in British Columbia, and mitt; the other great centres on the continent.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
LALL RIGHTS RESERVEDd

===== 0002601_19090724_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
WHOSE HAND?

By ANNIE 0. TIBBIT3.

ituthor of "The Love that Won," " Hantcd Down," "Hidden Hands," "The Finger of Fate," "Robes of Shame," &e.

SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS: 'As a vessel is going down Olga Murray tells Dr. Dacre that, six years since, she murderer'. Stephen Henderson, of Greatbridge Hall, for which crime suspicion- fell on Richard Sterry. If possible, the statement which she signs is to be kept from her lover, Sir Geoffrey Verriker A bottle containing the document is flung into the sea. Sir Geoffrey. who rescues Olga from th( wreck, insists on taking her to his mother at fiemscote Hall, of which he has just come into possession by the death of his uncle. Mrs. Dunston was to have married the uncle. and she plots with her daughter Julia to make the latter Lady Vtrriker by a marriage with Geoffrey or Geoffrey's cousin Edward.

Dick Sterry owns the neighbouring estate to the Verrikers, and is in love with C:eoffrey', sister. As Geoffrey and Olga are nearing born: Dick gets into the railway carrige.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER VI.

There was a banging of doors and a clamour of voices as the train began to move slowly out of the station again. The lights flashed past. The name Greatbridge,tin huge white letters on a board; swept quickly by, and then the darkness of the open country lay about them. Far off across the Lroadt,fields the sun lay dusky red near the horizon. Sir Geoffrey, bending over Olga, looked out of the window. "How strange it seems," he said, su‘ldenly, "to be coming home like this. Home!" He stared out at the strange country. Olga did not move or open her eyes, but through her closed lids she could feel the eyes of the man opposite her, could see every detail of his face. He had not stirred in his seat since he got in. Olga, with every nerve on edge, felt that she would know even if he lifted •a finger. "We shall soon be there now," Sir Geoffrey was saying, staring out of the window. "There Is about a three-mile drive from the station, and then-" He looked down at Olga suddenly. She had not opened her eyes. "Have you got a headache, Olga?" he added. Opposite the man waited for the sound of her voice, but she did not speak. She shook her head, and, opening her eyes, smiled into Geoffrey's. "I believe you have," he said; "hut, any- how, we shall only have a few more minutes in the train."

He bent .forward, and •letting. down the window, looked out, blotting her as he did so from the sight of the man opposite. She sat upright and turned to the window, too, and the man, as if annoyed, got up and moved to the other side of the carriage. Olga drew a deep breath and turned her back to him as far as possible. Perhaps he had net recognised her after all? Perhaps he had for- gotten? Another thought crashed through he; mind, making her catch her breath again in a queer way. Suppose she had been mistaken? She had only just seen him as he got into the carriage. Suppose she had been wrong? Sup- pose he was not the man she thought? She turned her head away slowly. The train was rattling along, flying through the country towards Kennet. She turned her head a little. farther until she could get a side glimpse of the man as he sat in the far corner.

Her heart leapt, and then stood still. He, too, had turned his back to them. lie, too, was looking out of his window—almost as if he, too, did not want to be recognised. She could have laughed aloud. She had been mistaken. She must have been mistaken, or he would not have turned his back on her like that! Her spirits roso. The colour came back to her face.

At that moment Sir Geoffrey turned. "Here we are," he cried, "at home, Olga." He held out his hand to her. The train dashed into the little station, sweeping round the -curve and then coming to a standstill. Geoffrey pulled her to her feet. "home, Olga, at last," he cried, laughing. She laughed too. And then lie had opened the door and sprang out. She looked down at him as he held out his arms to her.

"Thank Heaven, darling, we are at home," he said.

He helped her down, then pushed to the door and looked round for his mother and Ethel. They were farther up the platform hurrying to meet them. He sprang forward and Olga followed. ' As she did so she looked back.

The man in the carriage had risen to his feet and was walking to the window to watch her. His eyes met hers again, and abruptly she turned away. -

Her face- was sin under the station lights when, a minute or two later, Geoffrey turned to her, and she was icy cold a. 01:e put her hand into Mrs. Verriker.

"Well, your people n.ritl safely last night, I hear. I hope they are neither of them any worse for their experience?" "No, not a bit, thank you." Ethel Verriker sat on the stile dividing the Hall gardens from the coppice and looked straight over Dick Sterry's head as lie stood facing her. • "I thought you would have come in to see how we all were this morning," she added. He stood for an instant in silence, his grill eyes on her young face, and he sighed suddenly as he looked at her.

"I didn't think you would miss me," he said. "I supposed you would be too busy to think ct me."

She turned swiftly, and looked straight into his face with her wide, grey eyes. "You have been our friend pow for months," she said, quickly. "Do you think we only want you when you can be of use to us—when we have no one else? We must have given you a fine idea of ourselves."

He was at her side in an instant. "You know better than that," he cried, "but somehow I thought you would want this your first morn- ing with your brother to yourselves." Ethel smiled a little. "I don't say I want you to monopolise him," she said, "but I want to introduce you. We told him all about you last night—all about what you have-done for us, and how good you have been. We should never have felt at home here if it hadn't been for you. Well, you must come in now and see him. He is walking round the Hall with Miss Murray. He has been over it twice, and is going again. He can't believe it is really his, and I want you to come and help to persuade him. Will you come?"

She held out her hand, and Dick took it in his and looked into her eyes. For a moment hesitated as if ho would speak, and then he turned again abruptly. Ethel looked at him with a little puckering of her brows. She could not quite understand Richard Stern,. He had been a good friend to her and her mother. They had become in- timate in the few months they had been at Kemscote, and yet behind him was a mystery they could not grasp—something they could not understand.

She slipped from the stile and faced him again. "Do 'come," he said, ," and tell me what you think of Miss Murray. I think I shall like her —I am sure I shall, but she is odd somehow. There is something strange about her—l don't know what. It is silly I know, but she almost looks as if she was haunted." "Haunted!" He had crossed the stile' and was walking beside her now across the grass. "Why, what can she look like?" "Oh, I know it is silly, and I can't explain what I mean. But--anyhow she is the most beautiful woman I have ever seen, and the most miserable, and yet she loves Geoff—l am cer, thin of that. If she is happy anywhere it is with him, and yet—there are times when she looks wretched."

Dick Sterry looked at her with an amused look in his dark eyes. "You seem to have been busy," lie remarked, to have gathered all that in a few hours." She turned her head swiftly. "Oh, you may laugh at me," she cried, "but it's true all the same, and I knew it almost the first hour I saw her. Why, she looked like a glin't on the station platform last night, or at least she looked as if she had seen a ghost. Perhaps she thought I was one. And her hand! Her glove was off, and it was icy cold—just like the hand of a dead person." Dick strode on.

"I believe YOU are a young woman of stron2

.rnagination," he said, " and you will be imagin- ing ler gruesome history next. Has it occurred to you yet that she might be an escaped con- vict, a runaway thief, a lunatic, a regicide, an anarchist, or even a murderess-" _ _

, -" Oh, don't, don't suggest anything so dread- ful. You know I don't mean anything like that. But I am certain she has lived through some- thing awful in her life, and that she has not recovered from it yet. You will say so, too, when you see her. Perhaps some day she will tell me."

"Weil, I suppose the wreck was enough to unnerve her," Dick said, "she has probably not yet recovered .her nerves." Ethel nodded hesitatingly. "Perhaps that is it," she said. She walked on with her face looking ahead, And Dick watched her ,as he strode beside her. They neither of them dreamt on that gay summer morning what Olga's ugly secret was, or haw close they all were to Dick's. Ethel little knew that the girl who stood in the hall at Geoffrey's side as they came up could have told them all "about it—could lift for ever the shadow of shame that brooded above Dick's head if she liked! . .

Her arm was in Geoffrey's, and their backs were to the door as Ethel and Dick entered. Olga's dark head rested against Geoffrey's shoulder. That morning she was almost happy, almost persuaded that her past life—that even the face of the man in the train had been a dream. Geoffrey was there. Ho was real, he was true. His arm was no phantom arm, and he was a good man, and how could it be that a good man could love her if she was the criminal she had believed? could not be true. Geoffrey would not love her so if it had been true.

She clung to his arm with her small white hands and looked up into his face. Before them was a picture of Geoffrey's grandmother. An old yellow manuscript which he had in his hand told them all about her, and at the)end was a passage in the dead Sir Henry Verriker's shaky handwriting, added perhaps only a fbw days before his death.

(` All the Verriker women have been good women," Geoffrey read. "All of good -family, some of noble birth. There has been no stain on the name yet, and the woman who I shall make my wife will add to its reputation for honour and truth and straight living-" Olga loosed his arm suddenly. She had grown cold. "You. mustn't marry me, Gooff," she said, hoarsely. He turned to her swiftly. •

"Olga! " he cried, "hnt trnisense again! I'll marry you within twenty-folr hours of the next time I hear-it, so there." He flung the manuscript from him and caught in his arms.

"You only do it to tease me," he cried. "73ecause my silly old uncle wrote that rubbish in the catalogue do you think the Verriker .wemen were better than you? Not one of them my darling. Do you think I can't read it in your face?" • She thrust him suddenly from her.

"What can you read in My face?" she asked.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
Ehe caught her just as she fell,

breathlessly. Look in it and see, and tell me what you see?" He would have caught her to him again, but shn held him from her, and he looked down into her face.

It was very beautiful—the mest beautiful face he had ever seen. her dark eyes looked straight into his, and in them for the first time he saw something that checked the words that rose to his lips. In them for the first time he saw a hint of the shadow which was presently to darken all their lives.

"Is there something, Olga?" he asked, almost in a whisper. "Something you want' to tell me? Do you mean that you have been through sonic trouble?"

She nodded her head silently. For a moment she could not speak. A great despair was upon her, a feeling of awful loneliness. And yet— and yet—lie must tell him! At any cost she must tell him! She knew at that moment that it was folly for her to hope for happiness—that sooner or later the end would come. Sooner or later fate would overtake her, and she would go under. She moistened her dry lips and stared straight into his face with her arms round his neck.

"Yes—desperate trouble, Geoffrey. I want to tell you. I must tell you some day, and I think, perhaps, it will be best to get it over new—,, .She looked round wildly.

Olga, don't worry, darling," Geoffrey cried, quickly. "I'll hear seine day if you mush, but I don't want to hear of any trouble touching you. I want you to forget it now, whatever it is, and I want to keep all other trouble away from you, darling. And I will, Olga. No trouble shall touch you while I can stand between you and it—and that I swear."

She caught her breath in a queer, quick way. "Geoffrey—do you Mean—whatever it was? " "Yes, whatever it was," he repeated. "There is nothing—nothing—nothing I would not take on my shoulders for your sake." She held her breath. "You are mad to love me so," she cried with a sob in her voice. -" Geoffrey, I don't deserve it—you are too good. Oh, if I had only known you before." _ _ _

He bent his head and kissed her, and then 'laughed, misunderstanding her. If I had known you sm years instead of six weeks I couldn't love you more," he cried, "and I shouldn't know so much more of you after all. I know all I want to know. Why. little goose, when all is said and done, what do you know of me, eh?"

She looked up at him. " You are a baronet," she said, slowly. "You have a big estate—a great name and—" He interrupted her. "I have heard of that before," he said, "1 grant you know that, and that I know you wer( an English governess who had been out t( Australia for some years, and was coming bac. to get a berth in the old country. I know that you are a doctor's daughter, and that you! father left* you poor—well, I believe all you say, sweetheart, and I don't care for you, any th( less because you haven't any written testimonial: to show me. Sweetheart, let's have done with

web under her rouge and powder, revealing un- pityingly the lines about her bright *eyes, and the tense tight set of her mouth. Her long, white hand, with its flashing jewels, drummed upon the table before her. She put it up presently and brushed the thick masses..of golden red hair from her forehead. Opposite her, in her outdoor clothes, sat Julia. Her face was white. The sun seemed to throw into her dark brown eyes a glint of yellow. Her curved red lips were as tightly set as her mother's. "Yes, they came last night," she was saying,. "Geoffrey and this—this woman. Mrs. Verriker and Ethel met them at the station, and Sarah says there's no mistake—Geoffrey worships the very ground she walks on. She got up restlessly, and, stridinr, across to the mantelpiece, stood looking down at the bank of ferns in it with her back to her mother. 7

_ " Sarah ! " Mrs. Dunston cried, irritably. "Do you believe what a common servant like Sarah says? Bali! I have no patience-" Julia turned swiftly. "Mother, she saw them at the station, and she went up to the Hall last night and saw her sister, and days it's quite true. Sir Geoffrey has brought home his bride from the wreck," she laughed, harshly. "That's how they speak ,of it, and we shall have to make up our minds to it, mother. He would not have brought her home like this if it was, not true."

Mrs. Dunston frowned still at her flashing rings. "What is she like?" she said at last, harshly. Julia shrugged her shoulders. "Beautiful, of course. They say she is like ?, picture—dark eyes, dark hair, and a face as white as a ghost's. She's not tall—one of those little clinging creatures, I suppose. Tall women have no chance against them. It is the little creepy, crawling woman who gets round men and who twists them round her finger."

She turned again, and tier face grew set and desperate. She lifted it, and looked at it for a moment in the mirror over the mantelpiece, and a faint thrill ran through her as her eyes looked into her eyes in the glass; as 8110 saw the thick waves of golden red hair waving back under her broad hat; as she looked round at .her round, white smooth throat, and the dimpled chin above it. Surely she was beautiful enough? Surely she could hold her own even with Geoffrey? Her heart began to beat fitfully. Why, after all, should this girl, this woman from the wreck, dome between her and the title she envied Why should she not oust her? Why should she not win Geoffrey from her? .She was beautiful enough—surely she was beautiful enough? Her brow contracted a little, as she remem- bered how badly she had picceeded before Geoffrey went away to Australia. • She had made little progress then, and had ended by loviftg him desperately herself—so desperately thc even now, after months of absence, the pain of it was almost more than she could bear. She shut her eyes, and she saw"again the little house in London, where be and his mother and Ethel had lived, struggling on as best they might on an income not large enough for one. bhe remembered Geoffrey's desperate efforts to

'vont up a hopeless doctors practice, and then at last his determination to sell it for anything he could fetch, and to try to get a footing in AuAtralia.

All that time Mrs. Dunston had been stalking her prey in Kennet. It had been through the information that Julia had gleamed from Mrs. Verriker that she had decided to try to run old Sir Henry Verriker to earth. JuliS had found that Geoffrey had a rich uncle, a baronet who meant to leave all he could away from him, and Mrs. Dunston had decided to tr:, and see if she could not gez it for herself. She was still beautiful. Her fine red-gold hair had not lost its colour. • Her eyes were bright, her com- plexion fresh, and her slim figure was still grace- ful and not thin. And Sir Henry was worth sngling for. It had not taken her long to succeed. She left Julia in London trying to get a footing on the concert platform, and had taken a small house in Kennet. By attending the little Kems- cote Church, and by losing her way in the Hall grounds once or twice, she had contrived to serape up an acquaintance with Sir Henry, which had ended even more successfully than she had hoped. Sir Henry proposed marriage; the banns were put up. Ho had even drafted out a new will leaving" every stick and stone possible to her. And then had come the un.: expected end. Sir Henry died suddenly, leaving not only his new will unsigned, but the Verrikers in sole possession of the Hall and estate: He died just three weeks too soon! Mrs. Dunston clenched her hands until her dails dug into her soft flesh. Could she, after being so close to the prize, see it slip away from her hand? Could she let it go? . . . _ _ _

Eihe set her thin lips sharoy, and her bright eyes looked like steel under her straight brows. Julia, standing straight and rigid, staring at her own hopeless face in the glass, scarcely thought of the title and the money at that moment, but only of Geoffrey, and the •little dark nobody who had succeeded in winning his love where she had failed.

Mrs. Dunston sat, suddenly upright. "'Julia," she said, sharply, "if it is true, if Geoffrey is in love with this girl and going to marry her, what then? "

Julia turned. "What then?" she • cried, bitterly. "Why, we shall have to go back to London, I suppose, and I shall have to have another try at concert singing. There will bc nothing else to be done." Mrs. Dunston's slender fingers tapped rest- lessly at the table. The jewels upon them flashed in the sunshine. Her eyes glittered sharply under her brows. " Do you think there is anything better than that?" she cried, harshly. Can you think el nothing better than that?" " WharCan there be?" Julia asked, listlessly, and Mrs. Dunston rose to her feet and went over to her. When she spoke it was in a sud- denly lowered voice, as though she was afraid of being overheard. "Are you going to be outdone by some chit of a girl, a nobody that Geoffrey has picked up at sea?" she cried, harshly. Are you going to let her win? Are you ping to sit still and see her made into Lady Verriker without stirring a foot to help yourself? If you are, you are a fool, Julia." Julia' turned sharply, startled by the queer ring in her mother's voice. The two faces so strangely alike, so strangely different, stared at each other. Julia, fresh, young and lovely, seemed to throw into the shadow her mother's faded beauty. And yet it was Mrs. Dunston's face that was full of life, Mrs. Dunston's eyes that flashed and sparkled, and her voice that had the ring of energy and youth in it.

"You cannot let her win, Julia," she was saying, quickly. "For Heaven's sake wake up, and think what it means. Sir Geoffrey Verriker is worth thousands -a year. He is young and handsome, and he has a fine, estate worth any- one's consideration. Are we going to let it slip out of our hands just because he has brought home some girl whom people say he 'is going to marry?" "Well—what can we do?" Julia asked dully. "Do !" Mrs. Dunston" repeated scornfully, "We will find something to do—some way of ousting her. He never cared for you, that is true, but that is no reason why he should not marry you. Women have done such things before, and you are beautiful, Julia—beautiful enough to turn a man's head, whether he is in love with you or not. And if we can't find some way of entangling Sir Geoffrey and oust- ing that girl then we are fools." Julia turned away her head a little. "It will be no use," she said slowly, "we are unlucky. We were unlucky before, and we shall be unlucky again. Geoffrey will never marry me. It is no use." " Bah ! Rubbish," Mrs. Dunston came a little nearer, and bent her face closer to her daughter's. "Julia you must try. There is no reason why Geoffrey shouldn't fall in love with you—he would have done in time if it hadn't been for this girl, and now we have to reckon with her. But that is no reason why we should not win. We'll begin this very afternoon. We will call at the Hall to congratulate them. Then we can see how the land, lies, and find out exactly how things are between them. If it is true that Geoffrey is engaged to her then we shall hear about it, and we must find out who she is, and all about her. What did you say her name was, Julia?"

"Murray—Olga Murray. And nobody knows who she is."

"They haven't had time to find • out," Mrs. Dunston sneered. "Of course, they don't know. But we'll find out this afternoon. And—Julia —if it is hopeless," she stopped and lowered her voice again, "if we can't turn the girl out, then—then there is still Edward." Julia's face was hard and set.

"What of him?" she asked harshly. "Edward loves you," Mrs. Dunston almost whispered. "lie is nearly desperate over you. He would do anything to get you, and—and—if he found he couldn't get ,you without the Verriker Estate, what then? ' Julia stared at her mother, then fell back a little. Mrs. Dunston's face was like a ghost's— grey, pallid, motionless in the middle of the gay, sunny morning. Julia looked round dully. The sunshine was flooding the room. From another room came the shrill high notes of a canary's song. It seemed to pierce Julia's ears through and through. She put up her hands. "But—but—what could he do?" she asked, hoarsely. Mrs. Dunston made no reply for a moment. She looked round and said nothing. Julia stared into her grey, spent face.. "Try him and see,' Mrs. Dunston whispered at last, "if we don't succeed with Geoffrey— try Edward and see. He loves you enough— enough to do desperate things for you." Her voice died away. Julia turned round slowly. The room seemed very still. Her mother's voice echoed in her ears long after it had ceased. It seemed to blend somehow with the canary's song; and over the gay sunshine in the room came an odd sinister dulness and a chill.

It meant—her mother meant that Edward would—get rid of Geoffrey—if necessary! It meant, that if Geoffrey would not marry her they would get Edward to—to get him out of the way! For a moment Julia stood quite still, staring dully at a patch of brilliant sunshine that fell from the window almost to her feet. For a moment, everything seemed unreal. Then passion leapt up in her heart. Why nol? If Geoffrey failed her again, as he had done, why not? She had said she hated-him, and indeed sometimes she scarcely knew whether .the red- hot pain in her heart was hatred or love. There is a love that is so nearly akin to hatred that very little serves to change it from one to the other. . _

She pass hl her hand across her head. Money, estate, a great name, a great wealth—the words ran through her brain mocking her. They might he all hers if she liked. Edward was there to help her, and why not?' If she let things go it would mean poverty and misery, hard work, a struggle on to the concert platform, and hard work to keep her place even when she got there. Which should she choose?

She turned wearily. "Wait," she said, huskily. "Wait until we have seen. Geoffrey might—Geoffrey might— alter his mind,"

She almost laughed as she spoke. Geoffrey would never fall in love with her. She knew it although she would not admit it. She would wait and see what the afternoon brought forth. She went away, leaving her mother back in her old place on the couch, her sharp light oyes staring straight out from under her heavy brows at the sunshine as though she saw in it some- thing besides the little specks of dust that danced up and down—something uglier, that made her brows draw tightly together, and her lips set sharply over her white teeth.

A tow flours later, nowever, wnen she and Julia walked in slowly down the long avenue to the Hall, she looked very different.. She was dressed in black, a slight, graceful, pathetic figure that drooped a little as it walked along the familiar road, and that went with appar- ently reluctant steps up to the great porch. A short time ago she used to sweep up to the house nailing and beautiful in Sir Henry Ver- riker's own carriage. A few weeks ago she had been within an ace of calling the place her own.

Now, an outcast, a nobody, she stood outside the door, with hatred and rage and envy in her heart, but with a smile on her face as the old butler greeted her. No one could help pitying her. It must have been a bitter blow tp her, the old man argued, as he escorted her to the rose garden where, he said, the family were going to have tea. The smile faded a little from Mrs. Dunston's face as she followed him. Everywhere were evidences of the wealth which was to have been hers. Everywhere was plenty. Even the pea- cocks strutting on the terrace looked fat and over-fed.

The sound of voices and. laughter from behind a yew hedge came to them as they went down the wide stone steps, and along the little paved walk that led past the Dutch garden to the little square rose garden, and Mrs. Dunston saw the group before they saw her. Tley were sitting close beside the hedge. Mrg Verriker lying back in a deep wicker ,chair with cushions under her head and a stool at her feet, and Ethel beside her with her chin between her hands and her elbows on a table. In another wicker chair with cushions under her head too was Olga, and on the arm leaning over her, laughing, Sir Geoffrey Verriker. His voice rose above the rest as the old butler, followed by Mrs. Dunston and passed along the grass towards them. He was looking down at Olga with love and pride, and happiness on his face. • Julia almost came to a standstill as she saw them, and the colour died swiftly from her face. "Yes—l hate him, I hate him," she !puttered. "I wish I Could see him dead." (To be continued.) 171

===== 0002601_19090724_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, July 24, 1909.

nonsense, ana tell me now, this minute, when you will marry me?" She started backwards. The blood surged to her heart and her head, and the Old temptation

tore clown strong and sharp upon her: Why not? Why should she not marry him? Stephen Irenderson had been a had man and deserved his death, and, if she had not done it, others would have done it. She had only saved him a bitter shame. If it hadn't been for Richard Starry and the suspicion which had attached to him, she thought she would not even care. But Richard Sterry had been accused of the murder, and she had only learnt a few months ago 'that, by dome people he was still thought. guilty.

Yet, what of :Richard Sterry. He was a man. Could he not fight his own battles? And if hf was a m.an, surely he would not rest under such a stigma? Let him sift the truth for himself ii ha wanted to find who was guilty of Stepheri Henderson's death. And meanwhile she—wh:; should she care?

She turned and looked into Geoffrey's face He loved her as no man hnd ever loved he: before, and he was a good men—not Stephen—a good man, who believed her good Why should she not fight for herself- and her happiness? - - -

The thought came rushing through her brait. like a light wave at the side of a ship, strikinE it dully—what of Richard Sterry? She took no notice. Geoffrey's eyes werc blotting out all the world for her. She scarcely knew her own voice, it had such a strange rinE in it.

"Oh, Geoffrey, I will be good to you! I will be a better Verriker than all the rest. Yot shall never regret for I—" She broke off. A shadow had darkened the doorway. They both turned quickly, and boa saw Ethel and Dick Sterry standing side by aid( in the sunlight.. Olga gave a cry which no one beard. Ethel was running forward across the wide hall. "Geoffrey, I've brought Mr. Sterry in to be introduced to you.. lie has been a good friend to us since we have been here. He lives next door to us—if yen can call it next door. Reall3 it is nearly a mile away, but his estate joins our —you know I told you last night. Mr. Sterry this is Geoffrey, my brother—Mr. Richard Sterry, Geoff." Geoffrey held out his hand. The two men looked into each other's eyes, little dreaming of the shadow of the woman between them. At the same moment Ethel looked towards Olga and uttered a cry. "Geoff—why. Geoff—Miss Murray is faint- ing.l" she cried.

h o ran quickly towards her and caught her just as she -fell. Her dark head dropped back heavy weight against her shoulder, and her fingers clung in a curious pitiful way to Ethel't arm.

"Geoffrey! Geoffrey!" she cried as she fell.

CHAPTER VII.

The morning sunlight poured Into Mrs. Dunston's sitting-room. It streamed full upon her face. showing up the lines fine as a spider's

===== 0002601_19090724_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
PRACTICAL POULTRY FARMING.

[By _Redcap.]

MOULTING

In a few weeks time the majority of fowls will have dropped into moult, and it is essential that they should be given proper treatment while passing through such an ordeal. There is no time in the life of a fowl Which demands so much from the system as that of growing new feathers. In fact I have known birds that have had a bard show career to die as a result of moulting, even whep under special treatment. It is not so much the casting off as the growing of the new feathers which tells on the constitution. I will ask my readers to carefully observe such growth, during the moulting period, for themselves. You will notice how when the quills start to grow and then gradually burst, sometimes with the greater pOrtion of the sheath dried into the webbing of the feather. When this happens it it a proof that the fowl is unable to supply sufficient oil to fully mature each feather. If you extract one of these quills you will find at the root an oil cell. It is from this cell that the feather is supplied with all the nutriment which goes to creaft - perfect growth. You should always feed your stock with an abundayce of oily food. If upon examination you find any of yourfoxils feather-bound,carefullyrelieve by splitting open the sheath which encloses the feather.

FEEDING.

The ordinary diet has to give place to many alter- ations.during the moulting season, because while you have been feeding for flesh-forming, you will now have to feed for internal fat, as this is the generating station of the oil which goes to supply the new feather. First of all let me remind you to add a little Epsom salts to the drinking water at least twice a week for a few weeks before the birds drop thoroughly into moult. When in the moult proper, substitute an iron tonic in the water for the salts. There is good reason for this, because if you give salts when in the moult your birds would be apt to take cold sooner as a result. If any of my readers keep white coloured birds, and intend to exhibit them after the moult, then I should recommend you not give tie iron tonic ; as it has an influence upon the colour of the feather, and most likely they would moult z out a sappy colour. The alternative would be found in giving plenty of green food and flesh meat. Now as to grains and meal. Where biscuit meal has-been used this may be con- tinued, adding to it maize-meal instead of middlings, say about three mornings per week. If biscuit meal is unobtainable for any reason then middlings will be found to be a good substitute. The best grains during moult are Indian-corn, buck- wheat and oats, with a little hempseed not mbre than twice a week. The latter contains nearly three times more oil than Indian-corn so that you will see the advisability of Using it very sparingly. Flesh-food and green food should be given in abundance to ensure a quick moult. But always see that the green food is perfectly fresh and green. Rigidly throw out decayed leaves and also old leaves, or such that have become tough and stringy. Perhaps if I detailed foods and feeding and gave it. to -you in proper order it would best serve the purpose. I will therefore risk the jokes of my contemporaries and call it the

MOULTING MENU. For the morning meal of soft food I should recommend, biscuit meal two-parts, maize-meal one part,' oatmeal, one part, scald well together with boiling water and give this diet say three mornings per week. On the other four mornings you could give the following as a change :—Aluddlings two parts, maize-meal one part, and meat-meal (about one ounce per bird). For the mid-day meal give green-food only with any scraps from the table.' The evening meal should consist of grain and given as follows.' Oats and wheat three times a week ; indian corn twice a week. The remaining two nights you could give a mixture of oats, wheat, indian corn and buckwheat and a little hempseed and give in quantity according to value mentioned. A light sprinkling of sulphur added to the soft food will also be found very beneficial in aiding your birds through the moult.

FOWLS IN CONFINED RUNS are most likely to suffer most during the moult, because those on a free range have every opportunity to obtain natural food stuffs and are thus assisted very materially. Therefore it is essential that fowls in confined runs and back yards should have special attkntion. Careful feeding and perfect cleanliness should prevail. When fowls cease to lay eggs it is often because they are neglected, and most especially during moult. You cannot expect a hen to grow feathers and lay eggs at the same time. I admit that it is so in exceptional cases but only -where you find good treatment and from stock of a good sound consti- tution. Some people seem to forget that fowls have been domesticated and that under natural conditions we should have no eggs at all in winter; not to speak of expecting eggs during moult. There is still another point that I should like to draw the attention of my readers to—that of killing fowls for table purposes whilst in moult. There is absolutely nothing gained by so doing, for you not only have More diffi- culty in dressing such birds, but at the same time they are greatly reduced in weight and quality of Ile,h. Fowls intended for culinary purposes should either be killed before a moult or not less than two or three wEeks afterwards. I have now said sufficient on moulting to givemy readers a plain idea of . treat- ment during such a process. I ask you to adopt these hints as yourlowls come into moult and you will be surprised how soon they will get over it and again commence to lay. I have a little space at my disposal so I intend to say something on

THE PRESERVATION OF EGGS,

I would not recommend preserved eggs for inarket purposes, unless of course there was a demand for them. however, they are useful for home consump- tion when eggs are scarce. There are two methods which I recommend, namely preserving in water-glass and also in lime, according to the following direc- tions :=-One pound of water-glass to .six quarts of hot water, after stirring quickly leave to cool off. 'Then pour the liquid into a large earthenware vessel and place in a cool spot. Put the eggs into the liquid daily, and keep on adding to until about an inch from the top. See to it. that all the eggs are quite fresh when put in and that none are cracked. The system of lime preservation is as follows :—Pour one gallon of water on to lib. of quick-lime. Let it stand for a day, then add 6ozs. of salt and loz. of cream of tartar, and well mix the whole together. Let the sediment settle and pour off the clear liquid into a vessel and use the same for preserving the eggs. A useful hint when using preserved eggs is to pierce the larger end with a pin. The two methods of preserving could be adopted and the one you were most successful with could be adhered to the following season. Next week I shall write on the subject of " Contr4ste between old and new breeda o# poultry."

===== 0002601_19090724_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
. 9 „- - p_ . ' -"f/11110.' %

===== 0002601_19090724_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
Are Your Eyes RigiV

Or have you noticed some little sign that makes you suspect defects? If in doubt don't delay; don't wait until neglect has aggravated the defects. Let us test your eyes by the best methods known. Then. if you need them, we can supply Glasses that will give immediate comfort and preserve good vision.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
ARCHER & SONS

Eyesight Specialists,

73, LORD STREET Estb. 184'3. LIVERFOOL

===== 0002601_19090724_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
The Key-wind "LUDGATE" in Silver Cases, £5:5; in 18-et. Gold Cases. £l2 :12. The New Keyless Englbh Lever for Ladies, in 18-ct. Gold Cases, £lO. The Keyless "DANK" in Silver Cases, £5; in 18-ct. Gold Cases, £l5. The Keyless "LUDGATE " in Silver Cases, £8:8; in 18-ct. Gold Cases, £2O. The World-Renowned "FIELD" in 18-et. Gold CEI3CS, £25.

Many owners write us, are of "INCOMPARABLE EXCELLENCE."

OUR, BOORS fully Illustrated (the largest and most complete issued),

are sent post free. of IVatches, Chains and Jewels. No. 2, of Clocks, "Empire" Plate, Sterling Silver for Household use, and pretty yet inexpensive Presents. Pitted Travelling Cases, cec.

J. W. BENSON, Ltd. The Premier Watch & Clock Makers, Blakers to the India and War Offices. the Admiralty, &e., Stc. 62 & 64,

===== 0002601_19090724_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
LUDGATE HILL

LOND

I, E.C.

/ . . • %,'/..,..A. ~ ' ,‘ "%:•••.•:.; i , ~... - --i g 4. ' 'C:*:..4 d • -• f---, .--..1 ---', '-',. •t%• ,o'• '7 ''' . ''''ilTl '1111:1111111TVA

-

===== 0002601_19090724_art0114.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,__

===== 0002601_19090724_art0115.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
E

===== 0002601_19090724_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
DISTRICT NEWS.

Culcheth. , te,I\.EWCTIURCII PARISH CHURCH.—The annual Sunday 4001 fête in connection with this place was held on 2aturthy last. he scholarsassernbled at the Church at a here a short service was held, conducted by the tilear, after which a procession was formed headed by ft,ls,Cottage Homes band. The afternoon was beauti- tOY fine and as the procession wended its way through u yillage lanes numbers of the villagers turned cut of s:eir hpuses to give the scholars a welcome. Tea was v_tved in the schoolroom alter which an adjournment tßthinanna.de to , _the field kiLdly lent by Mr. T. E. ver b‘on, wnere sports, gAIMP,S, and dancing 4,—e Indulged in untir dusk. A very enjoyable after- Vasspent by all.

Hatton. - oWEATHER DRAWBACKS.—The vagaries of the English 11.!Pate are once again puzzling the English farmer. •vvu..at with constant rain and no sun the conditions are aelq uncertain, making the gathering of the hay crop of"g and costly proceeding. There are large crops w,Potatoes, and every prospect of a good corn harvest, Ct. looking especially good. The Horticultural co,_letY has done a fine ork in this village. Our Nvia`[esPondent was speaking to a gentleman yesterday the° had been to inspect a -few of the gardens. He said thair were veritable" beauty spots" and he lricl no idea . Flattop possessed such gardens. All honour to the

===== 0002601_19090724_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
Croft

erto lila, PT SCHOOLS TREAT.—The annual treat took te On Saturday last when Heal weather favoured fro- Proceedings. A procession was. formed. staging ,vai the school at 1.45 p.m., walking to the Smithy lienth-lane as far as the Plough Inn, down 1;73,1-lane up to St. Lewis Roman Catholic School. The tzZington Blue Coat school Band led the way to the w which lelongs to the Croft School. Two htlea were kindly lent by Mr. E. W. Sankey for the ep-ienfr children to ride on. The lurries were decorated nnd much prase is due to the Masters ) for their tiouble. Mr. Smith cf Sandy-lane, ts'etPen,?.d fancy costumes free of charge, and looked ngly funny in his get-up; which caused much tha'irtent en route, Master E. Sankey, in the htraater /If the village " Bobby " evoked great rt,t, Mr. James Cautborne and staff are to be compli- ductl'eci cfl their efficient manner in which they con- ,ver ed the proceedings, when it is realized that there /441,2,5,0 children feesidcs parents and friends to be iNga"ed. On returning to the field sports were theled in by the scholars and dancing by People, Tea was given free to the children 4app'valies, gentlemen being charged 6d. egcb. A very 414 • "Y was brought to a close, after giving each child g of nuts and sweets.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
BIRD SHOW AT STOCNTON HEATH.

Lymm. REES MOTHERS' UNION.—Tbe rrembers of 4'4,444 Green Mothers Union were entertraued on trft,,-'aY lest at Oughtrington Park. A most enjoyable af tir:113011 for the mothers was the result cf the efforts e leaders of the union. itill,„Bic AL SUCCESSES.—The following pupils of Mr. asv-A-ell Cooke F.R. CO organist of the Parish Church ;iu,e(ll highly successful in the recent examination vra.„l:l,taity College, London, in pianoforte playing, Oivl;7`-/airon, Halton, 85 marks (honours) in the senior (1104"Ica.1 Miss Ethel Abrams, Runcorn, full marks 100 hee titles'l.4,3) in the intermediate division, a unique ,dis- !on aspecihlly as the student is only 14 years of N 0 tlatftnaliEs Emily Wooley (aged 12 IfaTs), Run Ai Runcorn, 87 nu ,11'1,rurs) in the intermediate division, Miss ma i clivi N‘idnes, SO marks (honours) n the intermediate titit,s'°4 ; Mies Dorothy Bonney, St. Helens, 77 marks 141.0.111.er:hate), and Master Fred Johnson, Runcorn, 78 ret-,:a la the junior division. Sixty marks are required %ofls,aas and 80 marks for an honours certificate. MT, to fail 18 to be congratulated—he has not 3et hada pupil St an examination.

Tongue.

follows : Class 1: York Yellow.-1, J. Griffiths; 2, E. Harper; 3, A. Langley; vh c, T. F. Moss; hc, J. Bretherton ; C, A. Stout. Class 2: York Buff:-1, A. Langley; 2, J. Bretherton; 3, J. Griffiths; v-11 e, T. F. Moss; h c, A. Langley; c, C. Dukes. Class' 3: Non Yellow.-1 and 2, F. Walters. Class 4: Non Buff.-1,2 and 3, W.W. Morison; vh c, and h c, F. Walters; c, J. Leech. Class 6: Any variety mule nest feather.-1, J. Leech- Class 7: Any variety mule or hybrel.-1, E. Hough- ton; 2, S. Taylor. Class 8: Goldfinch, Bullfinch or Chaffinch.-1, and v h c, T. F.Moss ; 2 and h c, A. Langley; 3, C. Dukes.

referred to intoxicating liquor.—Aleck Lcird,defendant's companion, said that they went to the Stsmford Arms and the man at the door said "Where are 3ou from" and defendant answered "from Lymm."—After further evidence the magistrates discussed the matter in private and on their return the chairman stated that the prosecutor was perfectly justified in bringing the case before them and it showed that he was conducting his house in the proper way. -There was, however, not sufficient evideuce to convict and the case would be dismisE ed. AN EMACIATED HOESE.—Jobn Lee, of Dog Farm, Oughtrington, was summoned for allowing a horse to be worked whilst in an unfit state, and Peter Wadsworth for working the same.—lnspector Brian of the N.S.P.C.A. stated that. from information received he isited, the defendant's farm and saw the mare, attached to a cart. It's condi tic n was worse than he anticipated, for the animal was sweating and trembling, and swaying from side to side through sheer weakness. Witness asked defendant how long the horse had been in that condition 'crud he replied "for about six months." Witness bad the horse examined by a vetenary surgeon, who advised that the horse should be shot. The plsture on which the horse was grazing was fairly good but the horse was unable to digest it through•old a4e. —Mr. Harrison, a veterinary surgeon, stated that he horse was suffering from some wasting disease and could not be cured even if fed on the best of food. It would be about 20 years of age. He thought pain was inflicted on the animal when it was worked.—Defend- ant stated that he only used the mare for carting manure and'clover in and out of the fields and never used iton the roads.—The case was dismissed.

: L-4---,- .::::..-,4:-.-•:....:QL litittl. .e,-,. ~..7.z.".1:f' '--`-''•„-.;,, Lf.,..:5-.4,....:'',.:::.--.::-;:;':-..... ':-.:,..,':.•„:4,..,?, • , 0 1o: i ...i.,..:..i11f.-i..,-.'?„.:7-_,...,,..:4:rn:',*.:;,..!,..k...-Iri !-, 1 ,• - ...-..,:5it.Y.:.-:,..z-,,,-.4.*:,........:...,f,--4,,,0r_.,4..Aii.;:,,,...4.1„....'rty.--...:,::-wz.. ' ' --- -....-.. - ...„,...,:;;,.,....:.,*.1..,711*-7itq,,,,:i„,1-#,1,._:•,..,,,,At0:::4,.,: , . :e4y,f _!..,., .4,--...,ip477--.•:•:-- •:!,,,,,„......„..:-...-..„.:::„.:::.„,,,,,--v,:-..:„.„.:•,-,,,,,,.4:•...34,4:::,,,,,,i,, ~ ,:„ 7 :i.:: -- .....:iv,:i0,,,,.;v.,97:k--,..,!+rw,:''!...A444i,'.a.._„,.,,,,1i---.-i-4'.3 - _ . •:. ..- -4 ...,-;',.:;•::;-'':-'","'•-•:- ;).--.P-..!"...:.41;m44.f.'-:-.'. -..--.47L,::: ..--:;•-•:-;:;.,ii...,-41'.-9Y-. —14,14 .44 ~;-;........- .....::.,...,;:f:,,,w.:;,,,*......,....,... ..i...-„,-,:ny-.,::::::::,:ii:-.!.:..-37, -.t1f...:gk:.:*%,,.Hii4:Q.,:..:.i5-:E'.'...-...-j7"-'::.'Opt.:Wirt:r7.'--. ',..,44...::A%i:i5,f.it,e: l't, ',.-....-..,:.-...7.!',:,..i*1i...:-..,,,,,"tA v-;•.,-.7.-,,V,-;”,:;':4?. :..,,4•,,,i.t.r.rt:-.•-:2..--....7,i,..A ~..„.„,, „ .:,74,3.;:.-I.'-'-'-tt ---A - , ..,...,,,. . s.,— ~,...:::,,;,;.,„.,. _.,..,,,,,,,, *4.1,-, ....v.,..: -..-.: -.,..4.,::,:;...,,,,,,:_,. ...:40....4..-. ~ ,v.. - . tP4 t..:,' ''../ti'''''' ' '..4titik',Oh:t::,:".'. '.‘*::!.'.174.., .-..,,,"" . :,...,.. -.„..- „,. 7,.,,,,a;„4„,, .: ..: -...4.i.:.,,,-..;;„.„..,-,----,4.:4...,,,,.i.„ k - --. -.-5-, ~ ..',:.: ~::.,-.4.41n1.".... , -:, ,4,51:1.i.:0„ri,. 41.1!,r,4E'1'1::!'.741ti1!::.:1-:'' ::...r.4,...:'.:1'1ri*.:;,111‘;3 ' ~:::',-;1::::::--:- -::. ';'-i.,:';‘;,.: .., .:',..:<:.'....t;:.11.4,::&:;,.'i1't;: ..-'7:!,•;)'..::,*.,,:., - 17,..,:ij.ttc..4.titiqiti. ",.-'. i ~,,,,.,,,,t...."., ..':., -;.k::.•'i:04.4.7:!.i.P.'n't.:-...;.:,:.:::'...,..1,::',i.:'., , ' 4 ;.-,:';':••4];*C4,*N4",r...,..:' ''''.1'''''.,::::f..•,..:7:,,,, .. Z7:•:*41•FPL:::04ii,...;i4N01.,„ 4* It 7'.'";•:;i:;?i*Ott.4.*:-...:.;::,;::Hiti1it4.71V-'4:*V';:.:,9Z,44,if:4(t-'l;i, - ....,,,,..*'-._ 1."1-,t.:,-.5414:41q10:;:k.:1 '''':- ' ''".:',i,. ' ::.1. '7li.: .•:.4.:t.,,' '. , ...--',' ' .::.:;-:,,..?". - ''''.,-.,:..4---;;;•ft :.,;:',..„:1-!...:54:A.''...".4,::4::!`7.--tit;#l,lV,::44.*C.:l 5'''',,:4',?''''..,...,..T.,,A.....••••-• '''' .'' - t --.,-,'" ,•'.' -.- .A. -'- ' ::,,-.-.q..,.:+ '7).-4-',-,74.„0,,r.4,..:.7_,_4,...r,--,,,:,:j.,.,....:.:.;;;,.,...?1,..,?:,;;;:,::1.,..,,., .....:,.....„*„.........., . !,,,,..---.,..,-:- 7 ..,, .::_ ~ ..,,..,,,,,,...:,...,:7,if:,,:,...,.:.,.?.,;..,:k010kt,;.i.5.N.,,...?.t...;:,.,,,,‘"r5_.;,7, ...!:::,..-1!.:,.-_.:.:.,.;:t.. ..-z4-1,,,,;..i..7.-1,,,.. - "-es'•••• • ::--:t.:1;m1,,,::..,,:.,..--,:..,*:.,.-,:„.: . ....4:'Aii:i....in,:.•,i,]:,.,: -4, ,-.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
LYSIM PETTY SESSIONS. • es-rBl3AY.—Before Mr. C. Watkin (t.hairman), LiEut- -13-"e1 Legh, Admiral Jones-Parry, Messrs. G. ,P. Q_Nvlaurst, and S. W. Gould. - Nna":NSING PROSECUTIOY.— Godfrey Glbbins, of '" ' Lymm, was charged with obtaining certain ts,,,,xicating liquor from the Stamford Arms,Hollington tle'",Pna of a false statement n Sunday', June 2'ith.— Alsr,eaded "not guilty."—Mr. Jones solicitor, of St,t7bet9Eater, presecuted on I ehalf of the licensee of the %to 'mid Arms (Frederick Thomas Jefferson.)—Prose.t r slated that the case came under the Incensing Gib.):: -011 Sunday, June •27th at 4.50 in the afternoon at g„),98. and another man called at the Stamford Arms' '"ungton, and on being questioned by the man at at til:)or (NIL-. Jones explained that a man was sta icined hosle door to ascertain whethei the patrons of the `, slsti'ere hona•fide travellers and had travelled more cat, u Miles from their residence), Gibbins said they ksk? froM Sale.—Having no reason to disbelieve the Dasit s statement, the doorman allowed the two 'yen to sad they were served with drink. They remained ten 4 Doll!e8 or more and then departed. Shortly afterwards 11'6 lee officer came in the hotel and asked the licensee otte.-re the two men had come from, and he replied at 4ffetir°lll Sale. From what the officer told him Mr. ,ketiswi got in a trap and went in pnrsuit of the two zpld on catching them up asked defendant why he hP'N'en a false address. For a while defendant stuck 18 assertion, but finally apologised and said he was 11:18' st?lr7 for what he had cone and • admitted Vilteg "(5 came from Lymm. Continuing, Mr. No; said that the Association to which Mr. Jefferson %Is ".ged looked upon such on offence as a very serious •tas'clithat the false statement made by the defendant AY to get Mr. Jefferson into serious trouble. as the reason why the case had been brought and he asked the magistrates to inflict a penalty tteyt),. e defendant which would deter him from doing gelag of the kind in the future.—Fr,derick Thomas IN:trs°ll gave corroborative evidence.—Thomas Jeffer- Joo;ather of the last witness, said he was minding the tmer„," the particular day, and was positive that set,-"ant said he came from Sale.—Defendant: "It migf3;,,absolute lie."—P.C. Needham said he saw the fie t,"ant and another man go into the Samford Arms. "Aent and spoke to the licensee and told him thattlist:Lefendant came from Lymm. The licensee said nnli`ue defendant told him that he came from Sale. took e,BB then proceeded after defendant canght him up 44101,Lis nan e-and address. Defendant tld witness he the stthldda.ens of drinks at the same place and at time, but not during Mr. Jefferson's tenancy. utioi-eadatit strongly denied telling the man at the WE% that he clime from Sale. Continuing he said he to .11t for a walk with his companion ane'd it came on thoi;„11:11„.a1d they took shelter in the Stamford Arms. He "ollr‘ it was the necessary distance from Lymm to thst Another point he would like to ask was !bstßVhO had taken beer had been proceeded ~"Ahile his companion who had taken a non- had not keen sumnioned.HThe Chairman: 't is 'B,anpther matter.--Defendast : I don't see that he Clerk then intimated that the Act only

. ,

===== 0002601_19090724_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
Qughtrington Flower Show and Sports. Full Prize List.

The pleasant grounds of Oughtrington PArk were on Saturday the scene of the twelfth annual flower show and sports promoted by the Ought' ington Floral and Horticultural Society. Fortunately the event was favoured with delightful summer weather and proved i a complete success n every respect. The mmy pretty gardens in the neighbourhood testify to the good influence sihich the society exerts, and on Saturday, notwithstanding the backward season, the exhibition of fruit, flowers and vegetables was most creditable. Mr. G. P. Dewhurst, the President, his always taken an active interest in the society's welfare and thanks are due to him for placing his beautiful grounds at the memt.ers' disposal for the show. Mrs. G. P. Dewhurst has done most valimble work as hon. secretary, and Mr. S. W. Gould has ably discharged the duties of ben. trepsurer, Praise is also due to the committee: Messrs. W. Altman, George Bennett,Walter Boond, George Clarke, J. Clowes, S. Davies, John R. Newton, S. Perkin, J. Price, A. Reid and James Whitelegg. There was a large attendance at the show, amongst those present being :—Earl Carrick, Viscountess Carrick, Lady Forbes Adams, the Rev. E. P. and Mrs. Wethered, the Rev. G. B. Thurston, Mr. and Mrs. C. J. Miller and Miss Brougham. ,

===== 0002601_19090724_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
follov‘ing is the prize list:— PLANTS IN PoTs.—Two Zonale Geraniums (single) distinct in flower : Henry Thonlascn, W. Whitman One Zonalo geranium (double) : W. Whitman, W. limperley. One Geranium : W. Timperley, W. Whit- man. Two fuchgas : dirqualified. One fuchsia : W. Whitman, Henry Thomason. Two fuchsias: NV. Whitman, no second. Two petunias: Isaac Cadman, W. Whitman. Two calceolaria : Isaac Cadman, E. Hazelhurst. One window plant: Flank Rawlinson, Mrs. W. Mclntyre. Two pots of lobelia : E. Hazel- burst, Mrs. .1. Ditchfield. Two British ferns : Laic Cadn an, George Blease. Two pots of musk (no first) : E. Hazelhurg. Two begonias: ' Isaac Cadman, %V. Whitman. Window box: Mr. P. IP& ers, no second. ss CUT FLOWERS.—Three roses: John Newton, C. W. W. Surridge ; third prize J. Cromp- ton. Six pansies: Mrs. P. J. Peters, E. Hazel- burst. ' Three Geraniums : W. Whitmsn,lssac Cadman. Four stocks: Mrs. W. Mclntyre, Henry Thomason. Four antirrhinums: H. L. Rawlinson, Isaac Cadman. Eight annuals, Mrs. W. Mclntyre, Mrs. J. Ditchfield. Six rost s : C. W. W. Surridge, Mrs. P. J. Peters. Six hardy flowers: Mrs. P. J. Peers, Rev. G. P. Wethered.

Quarter-mile Handicap : 1„W. E. Twiss, 90 yards ; 5, F. Cowsill, 60 yards; 3, F. Jackson, 30 yards; won by three yards. one yard between second and third. 150 yards handicap : 1, W. S. Oddie, 8 yards ; 2, H. Watkins 6 yards ; 3, J. J. Kite 4 yards. 100 Yards, Watkins, Men : 1, d. J. Kite, scratch ; 2, J. J. Kite, scratch ; 3, R. Swann, 12 yards. 100 Yards, Single Men : 1, W. S. Oddie, 6 yards ; 2, H. Watkins, 4 yards ; 3, A. Tunstall. scratchy One Mile Handicap : 1, H. Wood, 80 yards ; 2, F. Jackson, 140 3 ards ; 3, W. B. Pearson, scratch. • Bicycle Race : I, .1. 11. Ardern, 80 'yards ; 2, W. Chorlu n, HO yards : 3. E. H. Honing worth, 40 yards. A tug-of-war between married and sirgle men resulted in a victory-fur the married men. The prizes Iv, re presented to the successful com- petitors by the Rev. E. P. Wethered, in proposing a vote of thanks to Mr. and Mrs. Dewburst for tbe great interest they had 'taken in the show and their many other kind acts, said he had had experience of other shcws, but he had found none better managed than the

THE STOCKTON HEAI H GARDEN SOCIETY.—The members of the Stockten Heath Garden Society were on Thursday evening given the opportunity of visiting a number of gardens at the back of houseseof members in Ellestnere-read. Advantage was takcn of it by a large patty, and it was generally agreed that the visit was one of the most interesting and instructive of the series. All the gardens were in a high state of cultiva- tion and evidenced the fact that their owners are enthusiastic in their attention to them. There was remarkable variety in the character of the gardens. Some were mainly devoted to the raising of useful vegetables, but in all cases there were patches for flowers which gave the garden in general qu:to an attractive and bright appearance. There aas a splendid show of roses,which included many of the new varieties,in one garden. In some of the backyards astonishing effects bad been obtained. The space available had been laid out to .the best advantage and some really creditable displays of flowers and greenery secured. The Society offer 'special prizes for these Lackyard gardens and there ' are nnmerous entries. Ample evidence was sfforded of the fact. that a beautiful garded may be arranged in a backyard and excellent floral results sot. '1 he inspection proved highly instrnctive to many of the visitors, ielding many hints and suggestions for the future culture and ievelopment of their own garden plots. This is (-me of the objects of these evening visits to other people's gardens and is a feature in connection with the Garden Society's work which is much appreciated. The arrangements for the annual show at Hill Cliffe Park on August 21st.. are already well in hand. mad it is anticipated that it will Le very successful. The competition in the varicus classes is sure to to keen. Lady Greenall will open the show.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
Sold everywhere in boxes, price 1/11(56 pills) 2;9 (168 pills).

===== 0002601_19090724_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
Padgate.

WESLEY GUILD.—A very novel and interesting devotional meeting of the' Wesley Guild was held on Monday last in the open air. Mr. William Bennett, of Lyndhurst, Padgate, kindly lent his lawn for the occa- sion, and the beautiful evening and charming surround- ings made the meeting a memorable one in the Guild's history.—The Rev. T. Wadding, who occupied the chair, said how thankful the members ought to feel towards Mr. Bennett and family for their kindness in opening their grounds, and making the delightful meeting possible.—The Rev. W. C. T. Neville then gave a very interestingleeture on "English Elegy," in the course of which he reviewed some of the greatest elegies in English literature. The Lecturer asked : What do we learn from these gre•it elegies ? There can be no explanation in material terms of spiritual life. Tennyson did not believe in a religion of mystery. He talks to us about truths that cannot be proved, and tells us that the Spiritual Rock shall flow through all our deeds and make them pure. By reading these elegies we gain an elevated conception of human nature. Elegy must engage the sympathy of every plain man who lolies his friend. We get through these elegies a glimpse of the eternal. We must be in sympathy with all those who are trying to make our lives beautiful, but in so doing let us not fbrg6t the paradise that is beyond.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOULD SHEEP R.E COLOURED?

This W-a-s- one of the most discussed items in the ovine section of the Royal showyard, and it was conspicuously noticeable that foreign buyers were reluctant to have anything whatever to do with sheep that had been arti- ficially coloured. One buyer, who had made over seventy purchases, absolutely refused to purchase one of the pens of sheep in the showyard, and had to make an appointment to visit the flock at home, so that be could see them in their natural wool. The South Hams were specially singled, out for all the special adjectives in the vocabulary of sheep-buyers in particular. If a spectator happened to put his hand on the backs of a pen of Lincolcs, he had sufficient paint to set any rail- way signal at danger, and this fact warned off those who would otherwise have teen interested in the breed. A group of e'glit or nine Americans steed near one pen, making fun of the coloured sheep; they asserted that the colouring must be done to hide some defect, so rather than purchase sheenlhat they c, mid not handle they left them alone. AT all Continental shows sheep are shogn in their natural fleece. In France all show sheep that are shorn must have a patch of the previous wool left on the shoulder.—" Country Life."

===== 0002601_19090724_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
• t, S „ ~,... ....z.:4.0 ... i _ , , ;..,,,,,i,..,„.. „2„.....:,_. 0,,,, ... -„,.,7,7•,,,.. , . .... ~... . ~. • • -, . 4. ',. .-4 t7,,,..--,-.,;.-- ~a. -vrt,.. tr,,,,. ..,.. 3‘-'0•• •••f4 . , -:i:• ; , - : ~ 2 •,' I " ... ' ' ' )' ' , ' '' i 'e, , , ?.. -' - .V. 7 ;`,/ . kk '' - • so:3`g; - .V,ln --.!- 'W.- IA ~,,,c .v.'el..-• .• - 4', • 'tir.,,'i '• s' ' Aliti'o'-'l'-'" '; .":" ' f:r h ~:,,;.-,"'',liX.. •• 7'l ' ' - Jett Ast `-•-: ....,,,,::.,.. ~.--,,,- - .'. ii f -,t-, ‹..,‘"-'• . ::7='''' i*--' ''''' , il.:1 A -,. -,,,:., • - ,-- .. - •-"ftt'At ••„..., t 4,„. -• . ..,,e4- .5-if A )., 4:t ' ' ',., 4,,,',.,A.`"V ' it r•X; N. troi, . , ~,,.._,-,-, ~ "*Viii - -'-.i 5' •-''''' 4.-,. . it ' z • .; , .!.. • --1" .. . .1,30::'' : *.ig, :).:...,,,.",,:1.,,,x,....„,t,:t6...,YC:. ;!---,7 P. , 4 , ~-' .., i 0 He

'":"kg.qMMWS,_i

===== 0002601_19090724_art0126.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
OtWiRM

===== 0002601_19090724_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
CAERWYS CAMP.

Interesting Manceuvres for the Local Territorials.

The Warrington Territorials will encamp at Caerwys, Flintshire, with the West Lancashire Territorial Units, for the fortnight commencing Sunday, August Ist. It is expected that a total of 12,C00 troops of all arms will take part in the operations, which have been so devised as to enable every unit in the division to secure the greatest possible good out of the training. In some quarters exists tbe idea that a Territorial camp is a picnic on a more or less colossal scale; but a perusal of the programme still at at once dispel any such notion. There is not an idle day. Even on the Satur- day of the first week—the only half-holiday—the then will have put in quite a fair amount of work hefore being dismissed. Every unit in the division will twice be exercised in a scheme in which Artillery, Engineers, Infantry, Army service Corps troops, and Royal Army Medical Corps nen will all be engaged; base opera- tions will be followed by a scheme in which the scouts, signallers, and cyclists will be specially exercised ; ad the training will culminate in combined mancenvres extending over forty-eight hours,and in which the whole of the trooks in camp will take part. These combined operations will he carried out under the direct supervision of Major General Bethune him- self. The manoeuvring area consists of the Clwydian range of mountains on the west, and the hills lying between Caer wys and the river Dee on the east. This area comprises many square miles of rough mountain land, and is calculated to test the limbs and lungs of the troops to the utmost. In addition, an Artillery "practice camp "will be formed on the banks of the Dee near Holywell.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
Local Winner at Bisley.

At the great annuual shooting meeting at B isley this week Sergeant-Drummer J.. W. Plinston, of the Warrington Territorials, was amongst the winners in the Brookwood competition, scoring, out of a possible 35, with seven shots at 200 yards. 33 and at 500 yards 34. He also obtained a prize of £2 in the first stage of the King's competition with 04 shots and an award of £1 in the Tyros (S.R.), series two, with 94 shots.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
Made iiarrinoton. Ask !lour Orocer for it.

Risley.

RISLEY PRESBYTERIAN SCHOOL.—Owing to the inclement weather last Friday the annual treat was posposed until the end of the summer holidays. Never- theless part of the programme was gone through. lhe children showed their powers as morris dances sad the plaiting of the May pole was admirably done. Mr.A,H. Clarkson and Miss H. Hindly deserve praise for their training of the yeung people. Tea was provided for the scholars in the schoolroom and on the whole an enjoy- able day was spent.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
Woolston.

ATTEMPTED SUICIDE.-At the Warrington Petty Sessions, cn Wednesday, William Thornton, 79, Percival-lane, Runcorn, was chargcd with having attempted to commit suicide cn July 15th, at Woolston. The evidence showed that on the morning in question defendant wr.s found by John Stubbs, a farmer, in a field. He was bleeding from a wound on the left wrist, and had a pocket knife in his hand. Defendant was naked with the exception of his trousers. The farmer took the knife from him and the police were informed. Police Constable Metcalfe bandaged the wound, and ccnveyed the defendant to the Infirmary at Warrington. Defendant admitted having tried to commit suicide, and said he was tired of living.—Defendant was emanded to the wolkhouse for 14 days. •

===== 0002601_19090724_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
Daresbary.

THE Couscir. Scrioor..—At the meeting of the Cheshire Education Committee at Crewe, on Monday, alternative plans and estimates, as prepared by the County Ar. bitect, for the alteration and enlargement of the Daresbury Council School, in accordance with the resolution of the sub-committee, and showing an estimate of £550 if infants be excluded and £6OO if they be retained at the school, were submitted. The Clerk reported that the plans and estimates had been laid before the managers of the school for their observa- tions, and he submitted a resolution passed by them, of which the following is a copy :—" That the scheme retaining the infants be recommended, hut the managers are of opinion that having regard to the continuobs decline of the numbers attending this school, and the prospects of a further reduction owing to Standard HI. being kept at Moore, the enlargement of the present bnilding is not necessary." The Rev. T. T. Lee-Jones attended before the sub-committee on behalf of the parents and residents of those parishes from which infants and Standard 1. children now attend the Daresbury School, and he submitted that there was a unanimous and strong feeling in the parishes concerned against the proposal to exclude,such children from the school, The Sub-committee had resolved—(a) That the tesolution of the 25th March, 3909, that infants and Standard I. be excluded from the Daresbury School, be not acted upon, (b) That the County Architect's plan, numbered two, for the alteration and enlargement of the school premises with the necessary provision for infants be approved and recommended to the County Education Committee for adoptitm.—The Education Committee declined to pass the foregoing resolution.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
LYMIVI FREE CHURCH WALKING DAY.

Photo

Ashton.

. .1:.'..::::ii::t:,...1..1...;..?:.i:• . '...i' '::,/irmi‘'.!:;,.....:1...';'! .;,..4.:..!z?.. !.'. . r :,.,_ .14...'.......... . "t;At... .:.:';'...' 1• ~ 04 '...",.. ' i . ~ , , • •• ...4'.:,:i•-•&,,.. ' ."'ca,..... - ....."' .. o- IV *...,4'. '''. -' . ' • ' '- - 4....'-. A''..-. 1.-., :-.,.=,-.,.. 'Pfr ..,',. ~.... ._', i .. .... . - . ''''',..7.'*, .o• . ". " *. . .—...-1,07::.'......,:,Z,.i1/2,:•:.. ..:,..,i ' ''''''''."''''...-',40. - , .:,.;i'...:_:•-•,-;.'".11•4',1- .: ° --...:.,,. ..,,i-,..-.".,--N.--"..•V11-1044-;f45,v 4q.:!,i,i.. -.., - . , '....::::....:,.-:11,N!,..,...:....,.,...,::. :,.. ,:,-.:;',...:' i ''''..:::...;:f., ilt• ~.-:-.:,.....7„:.. -.,,.:0:•••.7.;E:.-y:. : 4:: . .:44,..,Z. itord. :: ' ... -:' :•.:,, ...-.:-:-,i.,,jil'r:l.;''' tilloi,:;:i;:. -'. .;-;'....,.. - ~. - .....,..4.".:4':-., i... - - ...-:.-'.......Hk.•-.:.;' -774%* -,. .. -,-:::itirAt-4-,:-.1tii.,:t..„,.•'•-",•},..,!.?.'.• ,- --- :-. - ..„,t-....... -.,_ -,i,,;,... ....„-.i...„:..... --..•„..,, .„..:.,.,-,..,-..-i - ..,. .„...,,, --. ..._-,- _... ~,,,, ..,- .. . -: - , ~pf. ';',..,re,.......'.. ct 6,,,, 0..,i!,,,,.. :,''..'. ' • .-...„ , , ,•,.','•-•-•• .: ..--..i;-.:' . .:-..- ' '.. - . ...,. ........;;N:441117-..,..;:e,..-,..• - - ... --:' .Ik.- .4..i,.4.,'%A1t • -...,.. ::..,....,,--.- ‘:.-- ~.-,.,,,. --'.:-....:.'...if;!::-,:.i.,...,. 7..::- ....,. , .... ~.-,-,-....-.4- ,!,-.:;-:,.....,-s. :i*:,--.T,...‘;:.!!r1.41i,-,:zN,...,-:'1,,,,t-,--- -::•.---.,--°-%'.i.----....:-'-' ...,,,,,.,,,..„,,,,..,,.,,..,,,,,,:„.,..,..:....,,,5,,•••• . , ,;,•.;.....„.,.f5.<",!:,..i..:.:.;,....z),4,.....,f..:-- ' ...7.:;.),....,..<7,-;:...,-- ;,.., 4.. .. itet

===== 0002601_19090724_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. EASTHAM GIVING OUT THE HYMN.

The Lymm Free Church Schools held their annual Walking Day on Wednesday.- Our photograph shows Mr. 'Eastham giving out the hymn prior to the scholars dispersing to the,various schools for tea. The route was from the Cross via Rush Green, Church Green, Brookfield, Elm Tree-road, and Booth's Hill. The schools taking part were the Congregational, Wesleyan, Independent Methodist (Zion Chapel), Primitive Methodist,and Baptist (Higher-lane). There were probably about 500 children in the procession, which was very well organised. The Lymm Subscription Prize Band (conductor, Mr. J. Nagle) led the way, and the singing was conducted by Mr. Eastham. In the evening they met in the field kindly lent by Mr. J. E. M. Grundy, where games c`i7..c. were indulged in. The sports were very good and a credit to the management of Mr. B. Edwards. Miss Welford presented the prizes.

Four varieties sweet pets: Mrs. P. J Peters, Henry Thomason. __Six dahlias c lotus ; Isaao Cad nan.

Oughtiington Show. (Applause.) He personally had many opportunities of seeing how much good the show did eich year. It also gave much pleasure to many who met each ytar in friendly rivalry. (Applatme.)—Mr Dewlfurst, in acknowledging the compliment, said it was a great pleasure to Adrs."Dewhurst and himself to run the flower show, and he was glad Mr. Wethered had mentioned the committee, whose assistance WLIS invalu- able. (Hear, hear.) in spite of the weather there had been a very good show. His only complaint, as in pre- vious years, was that more did not exhibit, so as to make it harder to gain a prize. (Hear, hear.)

FRUIT.—Six pears: W. C. Molesvvorth, G. Bolt. Six Apples: G. Bolt, Isaac Cadman. Twenty straw- berries: J. Witrhain, no second. Twenty-four goose- berries, red: W, Daniels, Isaac Bell. Twenty-four gooseberri,s, grten and yellow: W. Daniels, Isaac Cadman. Twenty-four raspberries: No first, Mrs. W. Mclntyre Red currants: Isaac Bell, JamesNTravis. Black currants: 0. G. Smith, Isaab Bell. Fruit, six varieties: George Sumter, Isaac Bell. VEGETABLES.—TWO cauliflowers: J. Warham, M. C. Moles% orth.. Two cabbages: W. D .niels, W. Timperley. Twenty pods of peas: Itaac Bell, Henry Thomason. Twelve pods of bread beans : Isaac Bell, J. Crompton. Six Turnips : W. Timperley, James Bell. Six carrots : S. W. Gould, W. Timperley. Two cucumbers: No first, W. Daniels. Three stalks rhubarb: Isaac Cadman, W. Timperley. Twelve potatoes, red kindney : George Sumner, Isaac Bell. Tvt elve potatoes, white kidney: Miss Perkin, James Bell. Twelve potatoes, white: Miss Perkin, James Bell. Twelve potatoes, red: Isaac Cadman, James Bell, Twelve eschalots : VV.Timperley, Johh R. Newton. Twelve onions, Spring: W. Daniels, S. W. Gould. Twelve onions, Auturn : S. W. Gould, W. Daniels. Two stalks celery : Isaac Bell, W. Daniels. Three roots of beet : James Bell, James Travis. Two vegetable marrows: No first, WY. Daniels. Two lettuces: J. Warburton, John R. Newton. One plate of parsley: John R. Newton, Henry Thomason. Bost dish of salad : Mrs C. F. Ardern, Miss Perkin. Vegetables, eight varieties : Isabc sell, W. Timperley. Tray of sweet herbs, James Bell, Henry Thomason.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
COTTAGES.

PLANTS IN POTS.—Hydravea : Richard Brazendale, Charles Booth. Begonia: Richard Brazendale, Joseph Brazendale. One zonale geranium: Joseph Brazendale, James Brierley. One double geranium : Joseph Brazendple, Joseph Spruce. One geranium : Joseph Brazendile, S. Wilkinson. One pelargonium : W. Seymour Joseph Spruce. One fuchsia : Richard Brazendale, Joseph Spruce. One fuchsia, corolla :- Joseph Brazendale, Joseph Spruce. One fuchsia (double): R. Brazendale, Joseph Spruce. One o Iceo'aria: E. Hazelhurst,W.Dobson. One petunia: Peter Renshaw, James Bell. Two pots of lobelia: James Bell, E. Hazelburst. One window plant : W. Dohson, R. Brazendale. Two pots of musk: James Brierley, E. Hezelhnrst. Two British ferns: George Bleese, no second. Window box: R. Brazendale, J. Brazendale, Joseph Spruce. CUT FLOWERS.— 'lwo antirrinhums : Isaac Thompson, James Brierley. Six roses : Arthur Hulse, Joseph Hayes. Four pansies : S. Moss, E. Hazlehurst. Three stocks : R. Brazendale, Joseph Hayes. Three roses : Joseph Spruce, Arthur Hulse. Four marigolds: Joseph Brazendale, Joseph Spruce. Six annuals : James Bell, Isaac Bell. Threa geraniums: Joseph Brazendale, R. Brazendale. Four hardy flowers : Joseph Spruce, Joseph Brazendale. Three varieties sweet peas: Joseph Hayes, E. Hazlehurst. Six cactus dahlias : Peter Renshaw, no second. Six dahlias : Peter Renshaw, no eracpnd. FRUIT.—Six pears: S. Wilkinson. Art Inn- Hulse. Six apples: F. Price, S. %V. Brodie. Twelve strawberries: J. Price, Isaac Bell. Twenty gooseberries, red: James Marley, Isaac, Bell. Twenty gooseberries, yellow: Peter Renshaw. Joseph Brazendale. Twenty raspberries: E. Hazlehurst, E. Southern. Red currants : Isaac Bell, Joseph Brazendale. Black currants : Isaac Bell, James Brierley. Fruit, four varieties: Isaac Bell,E.Southern. VEGETABLES.—Tvrenty pods of peas: J.Price,Joseph Brazendale. Twelve pods of broad beans : Isaac Bell, Joseph Hayes. Twelve pods kidney' Leans : on first, Joeph Spruce. Two cauliflowers: Joseph Spruce, Joseph Brazendale. Two cabbages : Isaac Thomason, George Breese. Two cabbages, red : Isaac Bell, Isaac Thomason. Two stalks of celery: Jseph Brazendale, Joseph Spruce. Four carrots : W. Dodson, J. Price. Six potatoes, red kidney : E. Southern, Isaac Bell. Six potatoes, white kidney: Joseph Spruce, S. W. Broadey. Six potatoes round white, B. Southern, James Bell. Six potatoes, round red: James Brierley, Isaac Bell. Twelve onions, spring : Joseph Brazendale, James Bell. Taelve onions, autumn : Joseph Spruce, James Bell. Twelve eschalots : Joseph 1153e5,W. Dodson. Three stalks of rhubarb : E. Southern, Joseph Spruce. Four turnips : W. Dodson, James Bell. Two lettuces: Joseph Spruce, W. Doalson. One plate of parsley: S. W. BrOadey, James Brierley. One vegetable marrow : Isaac Bell, Joseph Brazendale. Vegetable, six varieties : Joseph Brazendale, J. Spruce, Isaac Bell. Tray of sweet herbs: James Brierley, James Bell. Best dish of salad : M. E. Bell. James Brierley. Two roots of Beet : James Bell, W. Dodson.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
SPECIAL PRIZES.

garthner (Gould): G. Sidley, no second. Single-handed gardeners (Denhurst) : G. Sidley, no second. Bouquet Wild flowers, girls : E. Wilkinson, Lizzie Wood, Ethel Thomason, Jessie Kay. Bouquet Wild flowers; boys : W. Daniels, T. A. Ditch- field, John Wood, W. Thomason. Leaf of bread : Mrs. J. Bell, Miss N. Smith, Mr. Moore. 31bs. fresh butter: Mrs. Dale, Miss Perkin, George Summer. 12 fresh eggs (white) : Mrs. Yarwood, Mrs. Peters, Mrs. Bell. 12 fresh eggs (brown) : Miss Perkin, Mrs. Peters, Thomas Moore. Cottage flower garden: Joseph Hayes, 11. Chandler, W. Seymour. Cottage vegetable girden : Junes Bell, Geerge Bleary., Isaac Thomason. Vegetables, six sons: W. Daniels. Vegetables, eight sorts (clibrans) : Joseph Spruce. Vegetable, six sorts (Dickson and Robinson) : W. Daniels, R. Biazendale, J. Brierley. Vegetables, six sorts (Boond) Isaac Bell, W. Daniels. S. W. Brodie. Bouquet, gaiden flowers, girls: Miss F. Kay, Ursula Wethered, Doris Brazen- dale, Geraldine Wethered. Bouquet of cut flowers : Mrs. Peters, Miss Perkin, Mrs. W. Mclntyre. Cottagers exhibit (Simnel Davies), Joseph Spruce. Cottagers exhibit (EdWard Davies) : T. Price.

THE SPORTS. \ Great interest was taken in the sports which resulteo as follows :

50 Yards Race, boys under seven: 1, Hardy Holt; 2, F. Jackson ; 3, F. Swan. _ _

50 Yards Race, girls under Euven : 1, Jenny Hewitt; 2, Norah Hewitt; 3, M. Jones. 100 Yards Race. boys undcr eleven: 1, S. Jones ; 2, Austin Swan; 3, Hol ace Smith.

100 Yards Rae?, girls under eleven: I, E. Yarwood ; 2, Mary Wood ; 3, Rachnel Oddie. _ _

100 Yards Race, boys under 13: 1, B. Yarwood ; 2, C. Btker ; 3,C. Forrest.

100 Yards Race, girls under 13: 1, Ruth Oddie ; 2, Esther Wood ; 3, Edith Yarwood. Half mile Walking Race, boys unger 16 : 1, G. Bell; 2, Thomas Leigh. Jingling Race, boys under 16 : 1, John Jaclthon. Half-mile Bicycle Race, boys under 16 : 1, 11. Taylor 10 yards ; 2, E. Parkes, 10 yards; 3, H. Chorlton, 40 yards. _

===== 0002601_19090724_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
Penketh.

PARISH COUNCIL MEETING.—On -111.0neay a Council meeting was held in the new Council schools, Stuck. lane commencing at 8 o'clock. There wete present, D r. Murray, J.P., in the chair Messrs. J. G. Withinshaw, J. Woodward, D. Houghton, J. Ditchfield, R. Routledge, Miss Tinsley and the Clerk, Mr. E. Foster. It was resolved that two school managers be appointed.—Mr. Withinshaw seconded, Mr. D. Houghton's proposal that Mr. R. Aldcroft be elected in place of Mr. A. Seed who had left the village ; also that that Mr. Midwood be rc-elected.—The motion was then carried. TrrE NEW. SEWER.—The chairman said he had had an interview with Mr. Newcombe who had decided to ,put the sewer deep enough to take away the sewerage from Stock-lane bridge, and the rough estimate would be about £ll9. That would he for 12in. pipes from the new schools to Faulkners' bridge. It was resolved that the payment extend ever two half-years which will mean 3ici in the 2 far each half-year. The minutes of the parish meeting were then passed in review. The chairman read as follows :—State of footpaths—not done yet, no money. (Laughter). Speed of motor cars—danger signs have been fixed.—Mr. Woodward: They are no use; state of the recreation ground. It was decided that it be left .in the bands of Mr. Woodward to get ,the snid also to get someone to cut the hedges. The chairman then reminded the members of the council that April would soon be here and they had better get something done. (Laughter).

===== 0002601_19090724_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
ROSE SHOW.

On Saturday the members of the Penketh and District Rose Society held their first annual show in the Wesleyan School. From the keen interest taken in the event there can be no doubt that this newly-formed Society has come to stay. The sunless weather of June • and early July has been-unfavourable to rose growing, but many of the blooms'on view were perfect", showing very little if any of the unseasonable conditions which hate marred the beauty of gardens generally. They reflected great credit en the growers, all of whom reside in the district. The show was declared open at three o'clock by Mr. James Dodds, who expressed the pleasure it gave him to open their first show.. The room, which had a most pleasing appearance, had been most tastefully decorated by the willing hands of the committee and Mr. J. Woodward, special praise being due to Mr. and Mrs. Woods, of Heath-road, Penketh, who had provided the many flags and streamers lent to him by the gsrod people of Sankey schools. The 'following were the prize winners :- - GPM-Class 2, 12 rose blooms !PP. (distinct varieties) : I, Mr. Derbyshire, Lower Walton Class 2, 12 rose blooms H.T. (distinct varieties) : 1, Mr. James Hughes, gardener to Mr. C. E. Parker, Penketh Lodge. Class 5, 1 vase of decorative roses, arranged for display: 1, Mr. J. Hampson. MEMBERS CLASSES.-CleSq 6, 6 rose blooms H.P. (distinct varieties) : 7, Mr.. E. A. Murphey ; '2, Mr. J. Edgerley ;3, Mr. J. Morris. Cass 7, 6 rose blooms H.T. (distinct variet!es) : 1, Mr. J. Edgerley ;2, F. Dunhill ; 3 J. W. Clare. Class 9, 6 rose blooms (any variety) : 1, Mr. F. Dunhill ; 2, E. A. Murphy ;3, J Moores. Class 10, 1 vase of decorative rose arranged for display : 1, W. Scott ;2, J. Hampson. Ciass 11, 3 rose blooms H.P. : 1, Mr. J. W. Clare ; 2,3. Davies; 3, 11. Bingham. Class 12,3 rcse blooms H.T. : 1, Mr. J. W. Clare • 2. J. Carrington jun., ; 3. Mrs. Unsworth. Class 13, 3 blooms of tea or rosettes roses : 1, Mr. E A. Murphy ;2, J. Edgerley. Class 14, rose made up as buttonhole, any foliage allowed : 1, Mr. J. Woodward ; 2. J. Carrington junr. Class 16. 1 bowl of roses (any variety arranged for display for members wives or daughters : 1, Nlrs, Dendy ;2, Mrs. J. Moores. Class 17, for members who possess less than 13 rose trees 5 blooms any variety : Mr J. Appletcn. C!ass 18, 18 violas in three varieties 6of each: 1, Mr. H. Lieg- ham ; 2, J. Carmen. Class 19. collection of four varieties of cut flowers outside grown: 1, Mr. J. Hampson ; 2, H. Bingham ; 3, Mr. Smoult. SPECIAL PRIZE,-Given in members classes for test vise in show outside grown : Mr. F. Dumbill, Heath Road; special prize given by Mr. Edgerley of ' a garden scat, for the best box of 6 roses : Mr. F. Dumbell, M r. J. FePguson, head gardener to Si; Richard Brooks, Norton Priory, was the judge. Messrs. James and Walter Ray gave a selection of high class music during the afternoon. The refreshments Were in the capable hands of the following ladies,NTre. Dodds,lMrs. Alderoft, Mrs. Hampson, Mrs. Carman, Mrs. Waine and Miss E. Grice. The officers and committee of the Society are as follows :-President, Mr. E. A. Murphy; vice-presidents, Mrs. Garnett, Messrs. J. G. Withenshaw, J. Dolds, T. Gandy; committee, Messrs. J. Hampson, G. Kirkham, J. Waiue, W. J. Scott, W. Woods, G. W. Clare W. Dutton, J. Wheeler, J. Edgerley; hon. secretary, Mr. J. Moores, Stocks-lane,-Penkoth ; hon. treasurer, Mr. H. Mainley, Warrington-road, Penketh. Tables of roses, not for competition, were kindly lent by Messrs. .Tames Dodds, C. E. Parker, J. B. Aitken, J. G. Withinshaw, J. T. Ambler, and Mrs. Garnett.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
Stockton Heath.

NEW BYE-LAWS.—The Clerk, at the meeting of the Runcorn Rural District Council on Tuesday, stated that the new bye-laws of Stockton Heath had been compiled and were ready for distribution.—ln answer to Mr. Linaker, the Clerk said the bye-laws would only effect Stockton Heath.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
To a few women

Many English women stick to the ways their mothers taught them. But there are a few women who are always on the look-out for better ways of doing things. To those women we have something to say.

The Fels-Naptha Way is a better

way of doing your washing.

All you need to do is to try it next washing day. If you are not satisfied, your grocer returns your money. You keep the soap. So there!

White clothes

Wet the clothes, and soap the soiled parts with Fels-Naptha soap. Roll each piece into a close roll, and place them all in a tub with enough water to cover them. Soak for thirty

Fels - Naptha

The soap with a Way of its own.

minutes.

Then rub in the same ‘vater;..rub a little in the rinsing water; rinse in thc.l, usual way. That's all.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0140.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
iii. mego Ammo

===== 0002601_19090724_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by EADE'S PILLS.

APPROVED BY DOCTORS! ! Durham Villa, Park-road, Hythe, Kent, June 12th, 1968. Dear Sir,—For the past years I have been troubled with Gout in my right big toe joint, and suffered great pain until I was told of your Gout Pills by a friend of mine, and determined to try them. But I cannot allow this opportunity to pass without writing you to express my admiration at their quick and efficient treatment, and I SHALL NEVER BE WITHOUT THEI‘T.

I am a dispenser of 31 years' standing, and in all my dispensing these many years I havefailed to find anything do me good so quickly. The senidr partner of my firm of doctors, I may say, approves of them. You are at liberty (fully) to make any use you like of this letter. Yours faithfully, EDWARD D. CULL, Dispenser. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, add are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottle is. lid. and 2s. 9d. or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road Londo6.,

EUMATIC PILLS.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
iirmi i m i is r 0 11

_A

===== 0002601_19090724_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL ACKNOWLEDGEMENT.

COY of LETTER RECEIVED from BUCKINGHAM PALACE : " Miss Knollys is commanded by the Queen to thank Mr. Tonge for Photographs of the Royal Visit to Warrington."

PICTURES STILL ON VIEW

HAROLD SMITH'S, CHEMIST, BRIDGE ST., FOP,

WARRINGTON.

Ti. E. TONGE, PHOTOGRAPHER, LATCHFORD.

meeting,

• ;, -- II / , ugttelo." ea' t-) 't • ; .t.. t ----- oi• I Erl,- - -he ! ‘2,11m 1 j 1,1 LPITn k f. =,3 4:4

Church Army Charity.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
Sir,—l recently attended a Church Army and was much struck by the following statistics Items of- one Year's Church Army Figures. Meals supplied to men Meals supplied to women and girls 432,447 Beds supplied to men 660,000 Beds supplied to women and girls 92,109 Men and youths received in Labour homes and Farms Women and girls received in

6,854

Homes — Wages paid in Men's Homes Wages paid to Women and Girls in. Homes

2,361 £50,000

4,287

The speakers, when questioned about these statistics, were not ready with an explanation. One said that men were more helpless than women. I should like to ask your readers, who may know more about charity organizations than I do, whether this disparity between charity towards men and women is common, and, if so. how it may be accounted for.— Yours,

S. F. WARING.

Mr. Birrell's Triumph in Ireland. Sir,—We are rightly hearing a great deal just now of the signal and splendid triumph Of Liberal principles as recently applied in South Africa by the granting of self-government to the Transvaal and Orange River Colony. This wise policy, and the development that has now followed it, will surely for all time be reg.rcle os NO of the most memorable events in the ;hole of political history. And now we have at home another illustration of the beneficent working of these same principles which, although on a smaller scale, is in its way equally significant. It is but a few months since the whole of the Tory press was denouncing Mr. Birrell. and his Irish policy up hill and down dale ,—language could scarcely be found to express their vehement indigna- tion against a man and a policy, of which we were told that both the one and the other were the limit; and of couise on the strength of the unhappy agrarian disturbance that then existed there was the old furious, futile claim for coercion. Birrell would not listen to it: he stuck firmly to his guns and his policy. And now what a change. His salary was down for dis- cussion on Wednesday and it was actually voted with- out a division before eight o'clock in the evening! Mr. Long, always an honest critic, agreed that there was a marked improvement in the condition of Ireland, and Mr. Birrell has the immense satisfaction of vindicating • his method of Government by the ordinary law, which lie has insisted on following in Ireland, and therefore of vindicating also both Liberal and Irish Nationalist With your kind permission I will write a few lines next week on the extremely important Debate on Foreign Affairs which we had yesterday.—Yours faithfully,

A. H. CR OSFIELD.

39, Hyde Park Gate, S.W July 23rd, 19M.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
HIGH PEAK ELECTION.

Liberal Triumph in Great Budget Fight.

The result of the polling in the High Peak Division of Derbyshire for a member of Parliament to fill the vacancy caused by the appointment of Mr. Oswald Partington to be a Junior Lord of the Treasury, was declared as follows yesterday at Chapel-en-le-Frith : Mr. 0. Partington " 5,619 Mr. A. Profumo 5,272

Liberal majority No change. PREVIOUS ELECTIONS. Former elections have resulted as follows: 1392. 1900. Col. Sidebotham (C) 4,609 0. Partington (L)... 4,591 J. F. Cheetbam (G.L.) 4,243 S. Roberts (C)

Con. majority 366 Lib. majority ... 159 ]895. 1906. Vol. adebottam (C) 4,671 0. Partington (L) 5,450 A. G. Symonds (L) 4,164 A. Profumo (C) 4,662

Con. majority...... 507 Lib majority ... 788 AFTER THE POLL.

After the poll Mr. Partington was carried shoulder high, and followed by 5,000 persons to the Market Place where he addressed the crowd.

He thanked the electors for their magnificent victory. "We have won a great victory in spite of the great influences at work against us in this last few weeks. We have triumphed and we shall triumph again. We have a good cause." "r should like to take this opportunity of thanking Mr. Profumo. Ile has behaved like a gehtleman, and I wish I could say the same of his supporters. Mr. Partington called for three cheers for Mr. Lloyd- George, which were heartily given. Later, at hls• com- mittee rooms, Mr. Partington again complimented Mr. Profumo, and said that the magnificent victory was a message to Mr. Lloyd-George to push forward with his Budget.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
PALACE AND HIPPODROME.

The programme presented by the management of the above place of amusement this week is a very 'varied and attractive one and sightly crowds have been the roll during it preentation. The thief and most popular turn on the bill is Harty Levaine, a comedian who has a way of his own. He keeps the audiences in continuous laugher with his patter and funnyosities. There is a ripple of titters and giggles the whole time this extremely popular artiste occu- pies the "boards." A turn which has never been produced before in the town is the champion tight wire performance by James and Jenny Joe. James is extremely clever on the wire, one of his feats being to jump over 6 wicker chairs placed on the wire. In doing this trick he balances himself on the wire at one end of the chairs, takes a mighty leap, clears the obstacle and lands on the wiTt) at the other side retaining his balance all the while. He seems to be quite at home while cycling up and down the narrow track. his marvellous performance on the wire must be seen to be realized. Clifton and Gibson are comedians in song, patter and dance, and provitle a pleasant turn. Rose and Challoner introduce a laughable and up-to-date sketch entitled "The Porter and the Singer." Challoner is no mean artist in the way of mimicry. Marion Scott presents two Australian songs, arranged in the garb of a cow-boy, and gets a good reception. Mimicry has an excellent exponent in Albert Townshend, a society entertainer, who is heartily applauded for his slng Sally in our Alley" and others The Palace Perfection Pictures take. a prominent part this week, and present two highly dramatic scenes entitled " Don Carlos," predicting a• Spanish Court tragedy the "Mystic Arrow." There is also a aide-splitter entitled "The Persistent Lover." A good programme of music is provided by the band under the leaiership of Mr. E Widdop.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAMME

Another excellently varied programme has been secured for next week. The bill is headed by Alburtus and Millar who vvill present a "Scene at the Fairgrounds." Perrier will give a novelventriloquial act. The other artistes will be :—Tod Lowen, -comedian; Stevens and Brett, refined burlesque entertainers • The Sisters Desmond, character duettists; Minnie Warner, described as- the rubber girl; Little Lily Shaw, the Pocket Vesta Tilley. The Palace Perfection 'Pictures will show" Blind man zind his dog" and "The Impervious tramp."

The enterprising management of this theatre have this week provided their patrons with a complete change from the usual fare. It takes the form of an admirable series of animated pictures, probably the best ever presented in Warrington, and the audiences have been cordial in their approval. The finest set represents " Napoleon, his life and fall " and the outstanding events in the career of that remarkable man are depicted realistically and with great magni- ficence of scenic effect. M. Charley, the famous actor of the Theatre Antoine, Paris, impersonated Napoleon in the original production and his acting is marked with great dramatic 'powers. The scenes thrown on the screen range from the battle of Toulon to the great debacle at Waterloo, the vision of St. Helena, and the deposed Emperor's death. " Eng- land invaded" is the subject for an up to-date series of pictures. Part one represents invasion "as it might be " under the present condition. Members of a peaceable English family are enjoying themselves in the garden of their country home when news arrives that an invading army has landed on our, shores. At first it is received with incredulous laught4r but confirmation is only too speedily forthcoming and one of the young men, armed with ti e single gun which the household boasts, foolishly sallies forth to try his marksmanship against tli6 enemy. Of course, he is shot for his pains and foreign officers take possession of the house. They are weakly resisted by the other male-kind who hastily equipped themselves with bats and other useless weapons but who are soon forced to capitulate and are shot down in cold blood. The women weep and wail and the invaders take an early opportunity of hauling down the Union Jack which flows above the house, now the scene of desolation. Past 2 portrays things as they should be. When the first intimation of the invasion comes to hand, one of the men at once puts himself in telephone communica- tion, presumably with the military authorities, and in an incredibly short space of time he and his brethren emerge from the house clad in military uniform, while the ladies as speedily assume the garb of hospital nurses. As far as can be judged the men after doing a little skirmishing on their own join the troops which have mobilized and the concluding pictures show cavalry and artillery making prepara- tions for combat. An instructive and pleasing feature of the programme is a lecture on "Picturesque America and its wonders" by Professor A. Claude Braden, of Basa,dena, California, who exhibits some exquisite views and presents a mass of useful inform- ation in an attractive form. An exceptionatly clever ventriloquial entertainment is given by Tom Franks and creates much merriment. There are many laugh- able sets of pictures and the programme goes witk a capital swing throughout. The orchestral selections, under Mr. Norman Latham's conductorship, prove very popular. NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAMME.

A melodrama of exceptional power and interest, is "The Great Awakening," which is to be presented to Warrington audiences at the Royal Court Theatre next week. The cast includes Miss Kate Sydney, a well- known actress,whose part in the play is very exacting. She has achieved a remarkable success in- the character. Miss Sydney is supported by an excellent company. AN INVASION PLAY.

Mr. B. S. Townroe, of Warrington, has written a military drama in four acts entitled "A Nation in Arms"and it will be performed for the first time at War- rington during the week commencing September 20th. In compliance with the usual/legal formality, the play was produced for copyright purposes only at the Royal. Court Theatre on Thursday afternoon, amongst those who read parts being the author, Captain Crosfield, Captain Haslam, Mrs. Haslam, Mr. A. M. Loader, and Mr. N. Latham. The plot of the play is an adaptation from a short story of the Franco- Prussian war written by M. Emile Zola. It gives a picture of the effect of war upon, the inhabitants of a Yorkshire fishing village, at which an expeditionary force of the aggressors have landed. There will be many exciting incidents, including the defence of an orchard by Territorials and the midnight escape of the hero from a window. Special scenery has been painted by Mr. Walter Johnstone and the military costumes will be supplied by Mews. Morris Angel and Co. The overture and incidental music have been specially composed by Miss Daisy Sefi. The object of the play is, of course, to create the feeling of the necessity for home defence, and in order that the production shall lack nothing from the artistic standpoint, a strong company has been selected from well-known London managements and includes artistes Mr. Arthur Bouchier's, Mr. Seymour Hicks', Mr. Granville Barker's, Mr. George Edwardes' and Mr. Frederick Harrison's Company, each artiste being carefully selected for am individual part. Miss Gwendolen Logan, who plays Jessie Fisher was formerly a member of Mrs. Patrick Campbell's and Mr. George Alexander's company. She was seen acting in " Chips " at the Haymarket, London, last month, and within three hours was secured for leading lady in "A Nation in Arms." The company will also include Mr. C. Leveson Lane, who supported Miss Evelyn Millard in the original productions of " Idols " and "The Real Woman " ; Mr. Alfred Bristowe and Mr. Stafford Hilliard, both the last three years members of Mr. Bourchier's company at the Garrick. Mr. Stafford Hilliard, who will also stage manage the production, is an old college friend of the author s. After the play has been produced at Warrington, performances will be given in the principle cities and towns of the North of England and also on the South Coast.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL COURT THEATRE. Animated Pictures.

HOLIDAY ANNOUNCEMENTS.

(Continued from page 2). A SIX DAYS' CRUISE. In tlese days of pleasant sea cruises, we would draw the attention of our readers to our advertising columns, in Nvhich-the Tedcastle Line announce a cruise of six days by their favourite steamer" Cumbria" leaving Collingwood Doc't on Saturday. 31st inst. at 9a .m. for Whitehaven and Maryport, giving ample time to visit some of our English lakes before proceeding from Whitehaven on the Wednesday for Dublin. She will leave Dublin again at 4 p.m. on Friday the 6th August, arriving here in the small hours of Saturday morning. Tourists have about a day and a half in Dublin, and as they are allowed to sleep on board during the whole trip, the inclusive fare of two guineas, covering 14 meals is most economical, and the trip most varied and interesting. Except on the Sunday, dinner, however, is not provided, so as to leave ample time for sight- seeing. Hand bills giving full particulars can be obtained from the Tedcastle Line, who also despatch their fast s.s. "Blackrock "for Dublin from south side Nelson Dock on Friday the 30th inst. at 8 p.m. return- ing from Dublin on Monday 2nd August at 5 p.m. the return saloon fare being only 10s. L. Sc N.-.W. EXCURSIONS. - -

The excursions arranged by the London and North- Western Railway cover a very wide field on its far reaching system. To those visiting Ireland, it will be well known that the North-Western Railway Company's route presents such remarkable facilities that con- sideration is absolutely unnecessary. It is an unques- tionable fact that Ireland, with its richly wooded glens. its mountain sides wild and abundant with golden gorse, and its traditional charm, impresses the traveller so much that the memory of such a tour will never fade with the passing of time. This Company, recognising the wonderful and varied charms of Nord' Wales, have made elaborate arrangements for the convenience of the traveller who chooses that place for his relaxa- tion. Beautiful and varied as is Nature's wonderful panorama there are at these Welsh resorts the finest promenades, public gardens, and theatres to be found at any of the Continental resorts. Rhyl. Colwyn Bay, Llandudno, Bangor, are seaside resorts which are well- known to our readers both by viiitation and reputation, and those people whose knowledge of them has only been gained from the word pictures of others would be well advised to visit North Wales, and revel in an earthly paradise, by sun bathed sands, and in exhilarating sea and mountain breezes, return like a giant refreshed ready to undertake the most onerous task with consummate ease. In addition to the above mentioned places the North-Western Company have arranged trips to Scotland, tho West of England, Blackpool, Carlisle, South and Central Wales, Man- , chester: York and the North-Eastern Stations, London, Birmingham, Windermere and the Lakes, and other towns and resorts. Before deciding where to go intend- ing passengers should consult the London and North- Western Railway Company's pamphlets which are com- piled and issued in a very artistic manner.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ROYAL VISIT.

SPECIAL MEETING OF THE COUNCIL DEMANDED.

Cost of the Necklau.

As a sequel to the recent Royal visit to Warrington and the sdarcity of informa- tion regarding the presentation to her Royal Highness Princess Victoria of a diamond necklace, fifteen members of the Town Council have signed the following requisition to the Mayor :

Warrington, July 13th, 1909. 7 To his Worship the Mayor, Alderman W. J. Forshaw.

We, the undersigned members of the Town Council of the County Borough of Warring- ton hereby request you to convene a special ;meeting of the Council to consider the minutes of the Council of the sth July, 1909, and all circumstances relating thereto, and to pass such resolutions thereon as-the Council may deem necessary.

LOCAL NEWS. 1

===== 0002601_19090724_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN LORD F. T. LASHFORD G. W. JOSEPH THOS. H. ASHCROFT J. HALLIWELL JAMES T. LOCKER THOS. CHANTLER JOS. HAWTHORN J. DICKINSON JAS. SKELLAND JACOB SANKEY JNO. WILKINSON THOS. BARTON H. SINGLETON ELIJAH CUNNINGTON.

We understand that the minutes which it is especially desired to discuss are those sanctioning the preSentation to Princess Victoria of a suitable gift in commemoration of her birthday and appointing the following committee to select the article :—Coun- cillors Locker, Pemberton, Wilkinson, H. Roberts and Sankey. As a matter of fact, this committee was never called together,hut the presentation of a diamond necklace was made to Princess Victoria on the occasion of the Royal visit, on the day following the Council meeting. The Mayor has refused to call a special meeting, and it remains to be seen whether the members who have signed the requisition will take the further step of cal4g a meeting on their own account.

MEETING OF THE RECEPTION COMMITTEE.

A meeting of the • Reception Committee was held at the Town Hall yesterday morn- ing, the Mayor (Alderman Forshaw) presid- ing. A statement of accounts was sub- mitted which showed a balance in hand after payment of all the accounts incurred by the committee, and including the sum of £155 for the diamond necklace presented to Princess Victoria. The surplus of the £1,200 originally voted to the Mayor, which remains after paying expenses, will be returned to the Council.

The committee passed a vote 'of thanks to the Mayor and 'congratulated him upon the success of the proceedings. The opinion was expressed that the expenditure incurred was most economical.

The Committee approved a !report to the Council placing on record the official pro- ceedings in connection with the visit of the King. The report states :—Your Committee desire to express their appreciation of the work done by the several sub-committees and their thanks to each individual member thereof.

-The thanks of your commit tee are due to Sir Gilbert Greenall Bart., for his kindness and generosity in lending to your committee the two stands which were erected in front of the Town Hall.

The thanks of your committee are also due to Messrs. Peter Walker and Sons Lid., for their kindness and generosity in erect- ing the large stand in front of the Education Offices and Garven House.

The Decorating Sub-Committee divided the route of the Royal visit into three sections, and on their recommendation the committee accepted the tenders of the following firms for the decorations of the streets : Mr. T. Prince per Messrs. C. T. Brock and Co., Messrs. R. Garnett and Sons, Messrs. J. and W. Dutton per Messrs. Fred Wilkins and Bro. Ltd., and the three firms carried out the work entrusted to them very satisfactorily. In fact your committee desire to express their unstinted praise of the artistic decora- tions and the beautiful effect and appearance of the route on the day of the King's visit. Your Committee also desire to thank the inhabitants and householders along the line of route for their hearty and loyal response to our appeal to decorate their premises. The effect of the decorations generally gave the liveliest satisfaction to the inhabitants and visitors to the town.

The report then records the events of the day, the form of the loyal address and the King's reply, and the letters since received from the Right Hon. R. B. Haldane and Lord Derby. The form of the address was submitted to Lord Knollys, the King's private secretary, and after approval by him it was sent to the Secretary of State who formally assented to the address in the terms submitted being presented to his Majesty. The address which was jointly executed by three of the students of the School of Art, viz :—S. W. Clatworthy, A. Cooke and A. Hayward, was an exquisite piece of art and reflected great credit on the students named. Your committee also wish to place on record that the opportunity was taken of Presenting through the Mayor, on behalf of the inhabitants, a beautiful diamond neck- lace to Princess Victoria, who accompanied their Majesties and whose birthday happily coincided with the day of the Royal visit. Her Royal Highness was graciously pleased to accept the gift, and has expressed her pleasure and satisfaction in receiving it as shown in the letter from Mr. Haldane. Suitable arrangements were made for the school children by the Director of Education and his staff (to whom our thanks are due.) The Committee also express their thanks to Lieutenant-Colonel Fairclough and the officers, non-commissioned offiCers and men of the 4th Battalion South Lancashire Regiment for their services in lining the route and for providing the guard of honour, and also to Major Edridge and the officers, non-commissioned officers and men of the 8/40th Regimental District for their services in lining the route. _

Your- Committee are glad to be able to report that his Worship has discharged all the liabilities incurred by your Committee. A word of praise is due to the Chief Constable for the excellent arrangements he made for preserving order in the streets.

Our thanks are also due to the Town Clerk and his staff, and to other officials of the Corporation for the able and willing assist- ance rendered to your Committee.

HERNIA.—The new Fluid Pad\Truss never gets hard and is effectual in most difficult cases. For slight cases' the new Waterproof Washable Truss, which is always clean and most durable, is strongly recommended.— WHITH & WRIGHT, Surgical Instrument Makers, 03, Renshaw et., opposite top of Bold st.,Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
Music in the Park.

'.B The League of the Cross will, occupy the stand on imday under the conductorship of Mr. T. Hynes : Hymn, Selected ; March" Victor" T. Bates; selection "La Gitana " W. V. Wallall ; Selection" I Lombardi" Verdi; Overture" Prince and Peasant "H, Gounod ; Anthem" Realms of Bliss "E. Newton ; " God save the King." . •

Reduction of Railway Workers. The London and North-Western Railway Company are reducing their staff of railway carriage workers. Notices have been served for the discharge of over fifty men at the carriage shops at Crewe, and a similar number at the carriage works at Wolverton. The other ,employees are working reducedhours. TRAVELLING TRUNKS, DRESS BASKETS, SUIT CASES, etc. Special lines at 176., 205., 225.. and 26s.— GARLAND, Bridge St., Warrington.—Advt. Presentation. An interesting event took place on Saturday last, when the DaPam office staff of Messrs. Pearson and Knowles, took the opportunity on the occasion of Mr: Walter Massey's wedding to present him with a handsome eight-day striking clock suitably inscribed. Mr. M. J. Cuppage presided and spoke a Jew encour- aging words. Mr. Walter Dennett in making the presentation on behalf of the office staff wished Mr. Massey every happiness. Mr. Massey responded suitably.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
National Art Competition, 1909. The following is a list of the students who have gained awards in the Board of Education's National Art Competition, 1909 :—S. W. Clatworthy, shaded study of drapery, arranged on the figure, medal ; H. IL Dell, shaded study of drapery arranged on the figure, book; D. T. Clarke, designs for brass door, furniture, book. The following were commended : D. T. Clarke, ornament modelled from the cast; S. W. Clatworthy, measured drawings of entrance porch, Dutton Hall, Cheshire ; J. E. Pearson, groups in water colours; F. Hardman, measured drawings of a hoop-forging machine. The Priory School. •

The following pupils have passed the Ablett Draw- ing Examination held. last month. Division V. : Elsie Armstrong (honours), Helena Robbins (honours). Division IV. : Elsie Armstrong (honours), Helena Robbins (honours). Division 111 : Helena Robbins (humours), Dorothy Crampton (pass). \Division II: Helena Robbins (honours), Dorothy M. \Percival (pass). Division I : Helena Robbins honours), Dorothy M. Percival (pass), Marian Stubbs pass), Lucy D. Fletcher (pass), May Tinnion (pass), Clarice Ball (pass), Hilda M. Houghton (pass), Alice X. Dennett (pass).

' LAWN NioWnS.—Scveral good machines on sale in good condition at prices from 12s. 6c1.-51, Bridge st., Warrington.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
The National Independent Order of Odd-

fellows. The half-yearly meeting of the" Friendship" Lodge National-Independent Order of Oddfellows, was held at the Blue Lion Inn, Market-place, on Monday even- ing. N.J. Bro. J. Green occupied the chair, supported by the following officera and district officers ; P.P.G.M.'s W. Pennington, Bramhall and Litton, G.M. Midge, VG. G. Warburton, P.G.'s Brandwood, Peacock, Wood and Appleby; District Secretary J. Perry, District G.M. Mildune (Earlestown). and W. G. Burgess (secretary)." The balance sheet showed the total worth of the Lodge £1,031 7s. 6d., .a gain of £lO Gs. id. this half-year. The District Secretary (Bro. J, Perry) presented a beautiful emblem of merit to the retiring Grand Master (Bro. R. Illidge) and spoke of the excellent manner in which he had attended to his duties. A Carter's Compensation.

An application or arbitration under the Workmen's Compensation Act was heard at the Warrington County Court on Thursday last, before Mr. Deputy Judge Oulton, between James Washington, of Philip- street, Warrington, and Edward Isherwood, Tanner's- lane, contractor. Mr. Arthur Browne appeared for the applicant and Mr. F. E. Bodel (instructed by Mr. Thomas S. Steel) appeared for the respondent.—Mr. Browne said that the applicant had met with an accident wising out of his employment and claimed half his average weekly wages whilst incapacitated. He was a driver and was engaged by the respondent at £1 per week. He had worked for Mr. Isherwood for some time. On April 7th he was out with a horse and lurry when he was run over by the lurry.— Applicant bore out Mr. Browne's statement, but in cross-examination admitted that he was only employed for two or three days a week and that his average weekly wage would only be about 15s. per week.— His Honour said that after hearing the applicant's evidence he was quite satisfied that there was only casual employment and he would give a verdict for the applicant for 7s. fid. a week with costs on Scale B.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
TENNIS, CROQUET, AND GARDEN FURNITUE.— J. S. GARLAND, Bridge st., Warrington.--Advt.

Domestic Servants Sued. A case of interest to those who employ domestic servants was heard at the Warrington County Court on Thursday, when Thomas H. Pretty of Padgate sued Alice Simcock and Jane Rees, domestic servants for damages for breach of contract. Mr. C. H. Unsworth (for Mr. Thomas S. Steel) appeared for the plaintiff. Mr. Unsworth said the defendants were servants in the plaintiffs employ up to a month ago, when one morning they suddenly left the house. Simcock was on a week's notice and Rees a month on trial but neither of them had made any complaints and he vas at a loss to understand the cause of their going. He said the plaintiff did not bring the ease for any other reason than that of principle. He had been very badly treated by girls of this kind and he thought that he would put a stop to it. Plaintiff bore out Mr. Unsworth's statements and the defendant Rees stated that she left on account of the washing, and Simcock that she did not Avant to stafwhen her sister, who had also been in the plaintiff's employ had left. Mr. Registrar Ridgway, in giving judgment for •the plaintiff said he did not see any legitimate reason for their leaving in the manner they had and they would have to pay, the defendant Rees £1 Gs. and the defendant Simcock 10s. each for damages;

THE KING'S VISIT.—FLAGS, STREAMERS, BUNT- ING, etc., for sale or hire. Large stock. —GARLAND, Bridge at., Warrington.—Advt.

• Warrington Show. The twentieth annual Show of the 'Warrington and District Agricultural Society will be held in Walton Park on Thursday, August 19th, when prizes, cups and medals of the value of £7OO will be competed for. Tuesday, August 10th, is the last day for entries. Stockton Heath Choral Union. At the invitation of Mrs. Lyon, the members of the Stockton Heath Choral Union visited Appleton Hall on Saturday evening and sang before the guests whom Mr. and Mrs. Lyon were entertaining. The programme included "He watching over Israel, "0 happy eyes," "Sweet and Low "and " Here, by Babylon's Wave," and all the items were appreciatively received. Mr. Harry Berrey conducted. At the close Mrs. Lyon expressed her thanks to the choir and their talented conductor for the pleasure they had afforded the company and also stated how delighted she was to hear of their recent competitive success. The members of the choir were conducted round the beautiful grounds and greatly enjoyed their visit: to the hall.

Warrington Cycling Club. The run to Piekmere on Saturday turned out to be one of the most enjoyable runs the club has had this season, and the afternoon was favoured by beautiful weather. Not a large number put in an attendance but those members who did turn out had a most varied and enjoyable afternoon. A start from head- quarters was made to time and the destination was reached via various routes early in the afternoon. The stay was taken up by boating, bowls and other forms of recreation. "Tea was served at the Red Lion Hotel, and ample justice was done to it by the wheelers. The return home was made by Tabley and Lymm and Warrington was reached early in the evening. The bowling handicaps at Sankey which have been in pro- gress since the beginning. of the season were cora= pleied on Wednesday evening. On Thursday after- noon the wheelers met the Warrington Thursday in a cricket match which turned out to be a -very interesting fixture. On account of the unsettled weather the run lb Glazebury on Thursday was not well attended. Members, however, had a very enjoy- able game of bowls during their stay. The club's arrangements for the coming week are: To-day's run to Sandiway (President's day) ; bowling at Sankey on Wednesday,; Thursday's run to Tabley. Rechabite Picnics. On Saturday the Wycliffe Juvenile Order of Rechabites held their annual trip to Overton, Fred - sham, and to the- pleasure grounds of Mrs. Parker Hoose. About 140 people left Bank Quay at 1-5 accompanied by several menibers of The Adult Tent including Bro. Colley (Chief Ruler), Bro. Wright (Deputy Ruler), Bro. Howard (Adult Tent Secretary) and others. Frodsham was reached about two o'clock when all made their way to Mersey View to partake in games and rambles round the hill. About 4.30 the party sat down for tea, which everyone did full justice to. "After tea further games etc. were arranged for children and time was soon called to be en route for home, which was reached shortly after ninop'clock. During the afternoon the party had their photograph taken. Beautiful Weather favoured the party, and they all enjoyed themselves. The arrangements were carried out by officers of the Juvenile Tent, Bro. ,Garner (superintendent), Bro. J. A. Bradley (secre- tary), and members of the Adult Tent.—The annual picnic of "John Dimond" juvenile tent, No. 914, also took place to Frodsham. Over 200 members left Bank Quay Station by special train at 1.30 p.m., returning from Frodsham at 8.40 p.m. After tea, sports had been arranged, the following members being successful in carrying off the prizes :—Girls : 40 yards flat race, 1, E. Smith; 2, M. Trina, 3, M, Sutton, 50 yards flat race: 1, M. Ellis ; 2, E. •Epruce ; 3, E. Hardman. Ball race: I,M. Percival; 1, J. Davies; 3, ,F. Mayer. Egg and spoon race : 1, E. Wilson. Boys.-50 yards flat race : 1, T. Davies; 2, F. Holford ; 3, H Spruce. 60 yards flat race : • 1, T. Percival; 2, T. Littlewood ; 3, E. Wright. 100 yards flat race: 1, G, T. Jones; 2, G. Foden ; 3, J. Hewitt.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Children's Summer Camp.

One hundred and three poor children (girls) set off from the Drill' Hall on Saturday morning, shortly after !en o'clock, for the camp at Prestatyn. They were in the charge of seven ladies :—Mrs. Whiteley, Mrs. Burge, Misses Jones, Povey, Jefferson and Peers, officers ; Miss Emson, superintendent. The weathei, contrary to expectations, has been delightful, although a strong wind has prevailed during the greater part of the stay. On Sunday morning the children were taken to their respective churches and the remainder of the day was spent quietly in the camp ground and on the shore. The children waded on Monday along the shore to see the pierrots. The entertainment was enjoyed very much and the choruses have since been heard all around the camp. A concert on the shore given by the children, ended the day. Dyserth Falls were visited on Tuesday morning and excited great wonder and admiration. The return journey was made through the woods on the mountain side and all were quite ready for dinner when they reached " home." - On Wednesday the children walked to Prestatyn Mountain and came back through Meliden where they were anxious to hear the. Meliden school children who were out at play,talk in their native tongue. The pierrots were again visited on Thursday. The 'children, on Friday assisted in preparing their huts for the next hundred who will arrive to-day. Several ladies and gentlemen have visited the camp during the week, one being the Rev. David Card, vicar of Birmingham. The following is his note as entered in the visitors' book, Julynth, 1909 I have visited the camp with great pleasure. 'pie people of War- rington should be proud of it, I wish heartily Birming- ham and other great cities had similar institutions for their poor boys and girls.— David Card, vicar of St. Edward's, Birmingham." A lady visitor from Man- chester bought three of the children a pair of boots each, which are thankfully received. _ The children who were looking bronzed and much better in health, 'were all sorry to leave the camp when departing time came.—lt is announced that the annual picnic to the camp will take place on Tuesday, August 3rd, when the Mayor (Alderman Forshaw). will open the new administration offices. The train will leave Arpley station at 12.25 mid-day. Subscribers and friends are cordially invited. Tickets, inclusive of railway fare, luncheon and tea, will be ss. each. GOOD SECOND-HAND PIANOS, .£5 55., £8 Bs., and £l2 12s. Others at higher prices. Fully guaranteed. Pianos tuned and repaited,—J. R. WooD, 47. London rd., Stockton Heath. Advt.

A PRICOTS, 4s. 6d. per doz.; STRAWBERRIES -r1 (Cheshire) 3s. per doz. ; BLACK CURRANTS, ss. per doz. ; PICKLING WALNUTS. is, 3d. per 120. McDERMOTT, Cheapest Man Alive." MARKET & BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON.

Warrington.—Printed and published by Jolts lc Co., (Warrington) Ltd., at Vie General Printing Works, 6Bewsey-streetyjJO published by them at the samq place, an' slss at The Examiner Offices, Victoria-row', 32, George-street, ST. LIELEre: 3, Market PIIoW EARLESTOWN; Church-street RuNoomr,July 21tb)

===== 0002601_19090724_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
Miss Mabel Stanley Taylor, 11 years of age, late of Stanley Villa, Grappenhall, was successful in passing grade two at the recent examination of the Incorpor- ated Society of Musicians, held in Newcastle-on-Tyne. Crosfield s Band. Crosfieltrs band added another to the list of their successes on Saturday when they won the Lord Masham £5O challenge cup at Bradford. The present season's successes are made up of ten first prizes, one second prize and one sixth prize, out of 12 competitions.

Grammar School Speech Day. Old Botelerians and their friends are invited to the annual Speech Day gathering which will be held at the Parr Hall on Thursday afternoon.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
MARKET PRICES.

WARRINGTON, WEDNESDAY, • FRESH EGGS, 9 and 10. SALMON, Is to Is od. FRESH BUTTER, is 2d and WHITING 6d. Is 3d. COD, 6d. • CHES. RABBITS, 10d to IS. TURBUT, is. 2d. CHEESE, 7d and Bd. PLAICE. 6d to Bd. POTATOES, 48 6toss a load. EELS, 10d. FOWLS (couple), 4s 6d to ss. SOLES, Is to Is Bd. DucKs(couple),sB 6d to (3s 6d LEMON SOLES, 10d. BEEF, 6d to 10d. per lb. LOBSTERS, is Gd. MUTTON, tid to 9id lb. PORK, 6d to 9d. LAMB, 7d to 10d. VEAL, 6d,to WHEAT.-6s to 6s 3cl per 70Ibs. OATS.-3s to 3s 24 per 451bs. , WHEAT STRAW.-34s 6d per ton. OAT STRAW.-315 6d per ton. .CLOVER HAY.—£3 17s 6d to £4 per ton. 111EADow HAY.—£3 17s per ton. • CORN.

MANCHESTER, FRIDAY.—The market rules quiet with Indian corn (Plate) rather easier. Wheat Sample Manitoba, 9s id to 9s 2d; choice white Karacia (to arrive), 8s lid to 93; fine itus3ian (Azima, to arrive). 9s 9d to 9s led; Northern River Plate (to arrive), 9s 9d to 9s 9id per 100 lb. Oats: Cheshire prime, as 5d to 3s 6d; medium 3s 3d to 3s 4d; foreign, 2s gd to 2s lOid per 451 b. Barley: Foreign, 3s 5d to 3s 5Ad per 601 b. LIVERPOOL, FRIDAY.—Wheat quiet it about id to Id under Tuesday; Rosa Fe, 9s 8d; Australian, 9s Bid; Russian, 9s 8d to 9s 9d; red winter, 9s Bd. Beans and peas unchanged. Oats: White, 3s 5d to 3s 6d. Flour unchanged. FARM AND GARDEN PRODUCE.

MANCHESTER, FRlDAY—Potatoes: Cheshire, 5s to Gs per load (18 stones —252 lbs.) ; Bedford ss; Jersey, 5s Gd ; Maio, 5s 6d per cwt. Onions: Valenoian, 7s to lOs per case; red currants, Is 6d to 2s per 121 b. ; blsck currants, 6s 6d to 7s per sieve; English goose- berries, 5s per cwt. ; cherries, 28 to 33 per half seive ; raspberries, 12s to 13s per cwt.; apricots, 4s to 58 per seive ; English grapes, Is to 2s per lb.; English tomatoes, 3s to 3s 3d per 121 b. ; Guernsey, 2d to 2id per lb.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
MEAT.

MANCHESTER, FRIDAY.—Beef, first class, 6d, second, sd. to sd; third, 4d to 41d. Mutton, first, 61d, second, 51d. to 6d : thire, 4id to sd. Veal, 6id ; second sid to 6d ; third, 41 to a Lamb. first, 6d; second 61d per lb. CHESHIRE BUTTER AND EGGS.

FRIDAY.— Butter and eggs in plentiful delivery at all markets and ttade fairly brisk. At Stockport butter made from is to Is 3d per lb; Crewe and Macclesfield, is and Is Id ; Congleton, is ; and Sandbach, lOd and is per lb. New laid eggs at Knutaford and Stockport were 10 and 11 for is • Macclesfield, 11 and 12; Congle- ton and Crewe, 12 ; and Sandbach, 12 and 13 for is. STOCKPORT LIVE STOCK. • FRIDAY—Not so good a show of live stock in the Cattle Yard but brisker trade doing. Milch cows sold from £l7 to £23. Poultry in better supply. Cheshire fed fowls were 4s to Os; ducks, 5s to Os; and spring chickens, 5s to Gs 6d per couple. Rabbits, is 4d to 2s per couple. Pork and veal, 8d to 9d per lb; cheese, 8d to 9d per lb.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0159.txt | included=true | included =====
FISH.

GRIMSBY, FRIDAY.—A fair supply was landed by 65 vessels; good demand. Quotations: Soles, is sd; turbot, 9d to is ; brill, 8d to 9d per lb. Plaice, 5s 6d ; lemon soles, ss; whiting, 33 6d; whitches, 4s 6d; live halibut, 6s to 8s; dead ditto, 4s to ss; finnon haddocks, 4s per stone. Live ling, 3s; dead ditto, 2s; live cod, 3s to 5s ; dead ditto, 2s to 3s; live skate ss; dead ditto, 3s 6d each. Kit haddocks, 15s ; gibbed ditto, 24.5 per box.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0160.txt | included=true | included =====
HAY AND STRAW.

MANCHESTER. FRIDAY.—Hay, old, 5d to si-d ; clover, old, sid to 6Ad ; ditto new 4.?,d to 51d ; straw', oat, 2:2d to nd per stone of Illb.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0161.txt | included=true | included =====
Investments, Shares, &a.

===== 0002601_19090724_art0162.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
IVI °nay.

===== 0002601_19090724_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
WHEATLEY KIRK _PRICE & GO, Matchester, London & Newcastle-on-Tyne, Undertake perio(hical VALUATIONS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION OF WORKS, PLANT, MACHINERY & STOCK , AT SPECIAL RATES. Albert Square, Manchester.

LATCHFORD BAPtIST CHURCH, 14,_ TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), JULY 25TH. c`XACIIER : MR.G.ROYDS (Midlands Baptist College.) OFFERTORIES. Morning 10.30. Evening G. APTIST CHURCH, GOLBORNE STREET. b TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), JULY 25m, 1909. 'reacher: Mr. DAVID R. WADDELL (Livepool.) Morning 10.45. Evening 6.30. All heartily welcome. Hymn Books provided. OLD STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON. kr_ TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), JULY 25T11. Crn,ing 10.30. MR. ARTHUR MOUNFIELD. 'en'ng 6.30. MR. LLEWELLYN. All welcome. Hymm Books provided. EWSEY ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), JULY 25TH. - Morning 1030. MR. LLEWELLYN. Evening 6.30. REV. THOMAS MILLER. All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

PALACE AND HIPPODROME, • WARRINGTON. Managing Director..,..,M It. FRANK MACNA GHTEN. 70 TWICE NIGHTLY 9-0 MONDAY NEXT, JULY 26TH, 1909. ALBURTUS & MILLAR, presenting "A SCENE AT THE FAIRGROUNDS." MINNIE WARNER, The Rubber Girl. THE PALACE PERFECTION PICTURES. LITTLE LILY SHAW, The Pocket Vesta They. TOD LOWEN, Comedian. STEVENS & BRETT, Refined Burlesque Entertainers. SISTERS DESMOND, Character Duettists. _ PERRIER, IN A NOVEL VENTRILOQUIAL ACT. Gallery, 3d. Early Door, 4d. Pit, 6d. Early Door, 9d. Circle, is. Early Door, is. 3d. . HAIRCOMBINGS I made up 2/- per oz COVERLET LE I TAILS OF FROM AIR FRAMES, I PURE FROM 3[6 EACH. I HAIR. T. S. BROWN, 3, LEECH ST. (CAR STATION), LIVERPOOL.

AXT ARRINGTON GARDEN SUBURBS, V LIMITED. SPLENDID BUILDING SITES at GRAPPENBALL and GREAT SANKEY. Special advantages; moderate ground rents.—Apply to the Secretary, ARTHUR BENNETT, Chartered Accountant, Market Gate Chambers, Warrington.

DON'T BUY NEW CLOTHES.' Clean and Revive your last year's Suit or Dress with EXRAE, rp. HE MAGIC CLEANSER.' Your OLD Clothes will look like NEW. Of all Grocers, etc., Sid. and 6id. per Bottle. Large Size, Post Free, 9d. EXRAE LTD., CHISWICK PARK, LONDON.

ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS. SICKNESS, EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY, BURGLAR AND FIDELITY GUARANTEE RISKS INSURED AGAINST BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS • ASSURANCE CO. CAPITAL (fully subscribed) £1,000,000 CLAIMS PAID £5,600,000 84, CORNHILL, LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary, MANCHESTER OFFICE: 16 JOHN DALTON ST. Agents required in unrepresented districts. AGENTS: Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Queen's Chambers, Sankey at. Warrington Mr. W. H. RIGBY, Nesscliffe, Victoria rd., Latchford. St. Helens Mr. J. B.LEACH, Hardshaw-street Haydock Mr.J. BILLINGE, The Willows Sand bach Mr. F.J. FINLOW, Rookery Bridge

lUR aDAY NEXT, JULY 29TH AT 2.30 P.M. WARRINGTON CHILDREN'S SUMMER CAMP, ' PRESTATYN. 1,11,, THE ANNUAL PICNIC, Dy 3nD AUGUS I% AT THe; CAMP. ORSHIP THE MAYOR will open new rrain ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICES. ayes Arpley Station 12.25 mid-day. Inclative Nb. I.ailway, Luncheon and Tea, 53. 'en hers and friends cordially invited. nailk r„ a Apply, W. H. J. JENKINS, Hon. Sec. mbers, Warrington.

134IDGE FOOT (NEAR ARPLEy CANNONS). MONDAY NEXT AT 7.30, MR, J. HowEs WILL REPLY TO TORY MEETING. s'YA.L COURT THEATRE, WARRINGTON. PROPRIETOR : MR. JOSEPH BEECHAM. QEXERAL MANAGER: MR. A. M. LOADER. kONDAY NEXT, JULY 26TH, AND Five FOLLOWING NIGHTS. " THE GREAT AWAKENING." Doors Open 6.45. Commence 7.30. WAIIRINGTON AND DISTRICT AGRlCUL— kereber ot TURAL SOCIETY the PedffatitiounpfsLolclinectaiselsi S ire and Cheshire 4SIDENT 1 AIR ra GREENALL, BART . 20TH ANNUAL SHOW to be held in 'O4 1, WALTON PARK, near Warrington. 111-7R.SDAY, AUGUST 19TH, 1909. PRIZES, CUPS AND MEDALS, VALUE £7OO. —LtiltS, HARNESS HORSES, JUMPERS, taa , SHIRES, CATTLE, Ac., &c. "tize t! NY of Entries, TUESDAY, August 10th. &0., may be obtained from the Secretary. Nita ty JAMES BAINBRIDGE. ..,ottse, near Warrington.

L. & N. W. B. AUGUST BANK HOLIDAY EXCURSIONS, Thursday, 29th July Monday, Ist August Friday, 30th July Mondiy, 2nd August Saturday, 31st July PROM WARRINGTON TO BLACKPOOL, CARLISLE, SCOTLAND, NORTH WALES, SOUTH AND CENTRAL WALES, MANCHESTER WEST OF ENGLAND, YORK, HULL, AND OTHER NORTH-EASTERN STATIONS, LONDON, WOLVERHAMPTON, BIRMINGHAM, IRELAND WINDERMERE AND THE LAKE DISTRICT, and other Towns and Resorts. Short Date WEEK-END Tickets issued on Fridays and Saturdays will be available to return up to and including Wednesday, 4th August. The Saturday to Monday tickets issued to London will be available for return up to and including Tuesday, 3rd August. For full particulars as to times, fares, availability &c., obtain handbills and pamphlets from the Stations, Town Offices, or from Mr. W. M. Turnbull, District Superintendent, Lime-street Station, Liverpool quoting XM 17. FRANK REE, General Manager. Huston Station, London, July, 1909.

T 4 IVERPOOL AND NORTH WALES DAILY SAILINGS (Sundays included). At 10.45 a.m. LA MARGUERITE(Thursday St.Tudno) for LLANDUDNO (4 hours ashore), BEAUMARIS, BANGOR, and MENAI BRIDGE, due back 7.30 p.m. Connecting Service for Colwyn Bay and Caernarvon. Extra Sailings 2.15 p.m. Fridays, Saturdays, Sundays and Mondays (except Aug.2nd) for all places to MENAI BRIDGE. ISLE OF ANGLESEY TRIP at 9.15 a.m. Tuesday 27th (calling Llandudno). HOLYHEAD TRIPS at 9.15 a.m. every Wednesday, calling LLANDUDNO due back 8 p.m. For fares, &c., apply Liverpool and North Wales Steamship C0.,1,td., T. G. Brew, Sec., 40, Chapel at., Liverpool, Guide 3d. Post Free. Through bookings daily, from principal stations.

BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. h. TO CONTRACTORS. aving and Sewerage Committee of the Council tsletiv-:'2,llnty Borough of Warrington is prepared to " ~;CENDERS for the FORMING and PAVING tprtt REETS and 41 PASSAGES. Ctstd-ngst specifications, &c., may be seen, and forms ,t,lOll 01,,er, bills of quantities, and all further inforrna- L)W -Vined at the office of the Borough Surveyor, ll Otalltl, on and after Wednesday next, the 28th 'p;',„at which place tenders must be delivered by or "elve o'clock noon, on Monday, the ninth day ,A dt• ,lhichePosit of one guinea will Le required for quantities 1,44„"Hal will be returned on receipt of a bona-fide 'rea,,-„r• Cheques to be made payable to the Borough Wairington. '°West or any tender not necessarily accepted. THOS. LONGDIN, Ilor„ Borough Engineer and Surveyor. "12411 Engineer and Surveyor's Office, 24th July, 1909. (1778

DUBLIN ALSO ENGLISH LAKES TEDCASTLE LINE. S.S. " BLACKROCK," "CUMBRIA," "EBLANA,' and "ADELA," from SOUTH Side, NELSON DOCK, Liverpool. Every Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, to DUBLIN. Return Saloon, 1O.; Steerage, ss. with Cheap Excursion Tickets EVERY SAILING DAY, to Bray, Wicklow Avoca, &c., and on Fridays. and Saturdays to Killarney, Cork, Bundoran, Warrenpoint, Fast S S."BLACKROCK " every Tuesday and Friday from Liverpool, and every Monday and Wednesday from Dublin. SPECIAL ROUND SEA CRUISE, per "Cumbria." Every Saturday, to Whitehaven, giving 3 days for English Lakes,thence to Dublin,and back to Liverpool (6 days, or within 2 months). Saloon, 205.. or including 14 meals, 425. Apply TEDCASTLE, McCORMICK SG CO., LTD, Liverpool. Telegrams, "Tedcastle." relephone 075.

W4RRINGTON UNION.-GIRLS INDUSTRIAL 111 TRAINER, WANTED. t,Jo,Quardians re quire the services of a single woman out children, to act as INDUSTRIAL and lOTHER of one of the Girls Homes, '-nttage Homes Padgate, Warringtcn. tmitl s;Dersee n appointed will be required to teach the -tlf,inihwing, cleaning and scouring, and otherwise to L.Nb,ein for suitable domestic employment. _ e. 0 with apartments, rations Sz, t per year • 04 A ,0 the usual deductions under the Superannua- olpiP, 1803. iloVt`ple..a.tions with Copies of the recent testimonials, tO the undersigned on Or before Tuesday, the i,Nlc,"st next (first post.) ttiltlitcjet.ed.Candidates will receive notice when to 4ncl reasonable travelling expenses will be C 44 • 'vas4ng the Guardians is strictly prohibited. By Order, _ ARTHUR BOTTOMLEI, Clerk. 03' Chambers, Warrington. 14 July, 1909.

LANGLANDS' SAILINGS TO GREENOCK AND GLASGOW. "PRINCESS LOUISE" OR OTHER STEAMER. From LIVERPOOL From GLASGOW (Clarence dock). (Berths N 0.22-28, north side) Sat. July 24th 3 p.m. Tues. July 27th 2 p.m. *8.30 p.m. Thurs. July 29th 7.30 p.m. Sat. July 31st 2 p.m. *8.30 p.m. Tues. Aug. 3rd 11 p.m. Thnrs.Aug. sth 2 p.m. *6.30 p.m. *Train from Glasgow (Central) to Greenock (Central). SPECIAL REDUCED THROUGH TICKETS from Warrington, Widnes &c. Single, cabin us. 6cf., Return (valid for two months) 175., Steerage, single, 6s. Special 14 days Excursion Tickets: Cabin 155., Steerage Bs. 6d., including railway fare Greenock to Glasgow, or vice versa, Singlelst class and cabin 135., 3rd class and steerage 6s. 9d.; Return (valid for two months) Ist class and cabin 19s. 6d., 3rd class and cabin 18s. Gd. M. LAN GLANDS AND SONS, 14, CROSS STREET, MANCHESTER, BROWN'S BUILDINGS, EXCHANGE, LIVERPOOL

- N LINE TO CANADA UNDER GOVERNMENT CONTRACT FR CONVEYANCE OF CANADIAN MAILS. 'tlyb EXPRESS WEEKLY SERVICE' • t` 14)1;3'112 STEAMERS; UNSURPASSED CUISINE. titt°ll 73.,..r1ATES TO ALL PARTS OF CANADA AND U .S.A. 104°„14 AvERPOoL ... TUNISIAN ... July 29 , 0111:4„,4•GOW PRETORIAN ... July 31 ot h ON(via Havre) SARDINIAN ... July 31 litutitt4andbooks, maps, and full details for settlers, ked,ivL,,,..llcl others, apply ALLAN LINE, 19, James ',ll4olid."°°l; slPall Mall. S.W., 103, Leadenhall St. ; 25, Bothwell St. Glasgow, or local agent. SR, -JRT SEA ROUTE TO BELGIUM.

TELEPHONE: 312, RUSHOLVE. A. HOLT, 55 Princess Rd., Moss Side, MANCHESTER. TEETH TEETH (icq tagli,, TEETH ..C4tvivmeo4, TEETH "ze 41 •' HOURS: 10 TO 12; 2 TILL S. SATURDAY 10 TILL G. Over 20 years with late 3 H. Parkinson, City.

GAT , AGBEL" RAZORS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHEFFIELD MAKE, WARRANTED, POST FREE, 2s. 6D., 35., 4s. 6D. AND ss. 6D. J. G. DODD, 10, ST. JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL. „ Made And Ground By English Labour. Local Agent: J. HIMSWORTH, Market Hall,Warrington.

SANITARY ALTERATIONS PMOONEY & CO., • CONTRACTORS FOR PLUMBING, DRAINING, CONCRETE, FLAGGING, AND BRICKWORK. LOWEST PRICE FOR GOOD WORK. 20, WARWICK ST., LEVER ST., MANCHESTER. Tel. : 3679.

• GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL .GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5D., 10D., Asp Is. BD. EACH. WHOLESALE BY J. GEDDES & SON, LTD., WARRINGTON. STEPHEN MOSS & SONS LIMITED SHOEING AND GENERAL SMITHS, ALL KINDS OF AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, STEAM, GAS, & OIL ENGINES SUPPLIED, FIXED AND 4,fiePAIRED, ALL KINDS OF WHEELS HOUP'ED. HOT WATER ENGINEERS, &c. WORKS: ACADEMY STREET, WARRINGTON

ROBERT LE THE OLDE FOX, 14 CERMAKET STREET, WARRINGTON. _ATIQUE FURNITURE AND CURIOS 3OUGHT, SOLD, OR EXCHANGED. BEST PRICE GIVEN.

A CHOICE CIGARETTE. SUDLOW'S SPECIAL SILK CUT CIGARETTES Guaranteed Hand-made from Pure Virginian Tobacco Bd. per oz., 2s. 6d. per -Vb. box. T. sup Low & co., CIGAR MERCHANTS, 15, WINWICK ST., AND 65, BUTTERAIARKET ST. WARRINGTON. Tel. 414 Y.

B. CUNNINGHAM, 89, WINWICK RD., WARRINGTON (Telephone 17) BREWER'S AGENT AND BOTTLER OF Guinness's Stout, Bass's Pale Ale, Bass's No. 1 Strong Ale. Worthington's and Allsopp's Ales. Devonshire and Hereford Cider. . Wheatley's and Mack's Hop Bitters. Allsopp's and Jeffrey's LAGER BEER IN BOTTLE. ALSO MANUFACTURERS OF HET'H-CLASS MINERAL WATERS.

TU RF 'COMMISSION AGENT C. F. PERRY. 28 PARK ROAD NORTH, ACTON, LONDON, W. TELEPHONE, '727 P.O. Chiswick. TELEGRAMS, ACTONISTIC,' London. CREDIT ACCOUNTS ON APPROVED REFERENCES.

A SURE REMEDY FOR SMOKY CHIMNEYS. THE PEERLESS CHIMNEY POT. FROM ARTHUR MOUNFIELD, TEL. 69 BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, DUTTON STREET, WARRINGTON. In Red or Salt-glazed Finish, 13s. 6d. Prices, Quoted for Fixinz. Illustrated Leaflet on Application. *T Hear records by HARRY AKE LAUDER on CYLINDER and . DISC. GRecords of all the popular RAHAM pantomime songs, "Rainbow," FOR "Tiny Seed of Love," "Put me upon an island," etc. Hear the wonderful New GRAMOPHONES Edison Record that plays over AND FOUR MINUTES. • NOTE ADDRESS : P 76 & -- 76A, RENSHAW STREET, HONOGRAPHS. & 271, PARK ROAD, LIVERPOOL. ,yal, and 431 x Royal.

LA-VEROCK. THE GUARANTEED CURE. £lOO REWARD. LA-VEROCK was discovered by Father Kneipp, the R.man Catholic Priest of Dresden, and is the only guaranteed cure for organic diseases in the world. Rheumatism, Gout, Lumbago, Stomach Disorders. Chest and -Lung Diseases, Kidney Disease, Loss of Energy, Female Disorders, and Skin Diseases of any kind. These diseases are all organic diseases, and are all due ,to one cause, that is Encrustation. The only cure that will permanently remove this Encrustation is Elimina- tion. Taken according to directions La-Verock will produce this Elimination. This we guarantee under penalty of £lOO. . By producing this EliMirlation the causes of the above diseases are removed, and to cure a disease or ailment you must remove the cause. You may smooth • matters over by taking drugs, but sooner or later the disease will crop up again, because the cause is there, remove that and the disease will remove itself. So if you have any, organic disease and wish to be rid of it for good and all; send 3s. 9d., stating name of disease, and La-Verock will be forwarded at once, and remember the guarantee. Address : Prof. J. REINEOFF, Osteopathic Specialist, 36, Princess Street, Gt. Harwood, near Blackburn.

INCOME TAX. ARE YOU OVER-ASSESSED? If so, forward Notice of Assessment and any other Tax Papers to JOSEPH DIXON, F.A.A. INCOME TAX SPECIALIST, . 18, MARSDEN STREET, WIGAN. Over 20 years' Official Practical Experience of Taxes in the Offices of Assessors, Collectors, and Surveyors of Taxes.

111 HE MEDICAL INSTITUTE OF ELEC. TRICITY.—DO YOU SUFFER from Rheu- matism, Sciatica, Insomnia, Nervous Prostration, Loss of Memory, Paralysis, Deafness, Neuralgia, Stammer- ing, Pains in the Head and Back, Depression of Spirits, Dimness of Sight, Dread of Future Events, Nervous Timidity? ALL NERVOUS and MENTAL DIS- ORDERS CURED by Dr. Fisher, U.S.A.. Brain and Nerve Specialist, 263, Kensington, LIVERPOOL.. 10 to 3 and sto 8 p.m. Modern Scientific Massage and Electro.Vibro Medical Massage. Electricity. Con- sultations free.

THE UNION BANK OF MANCHESTER LIMITED. ESTABLISHED 2ND MAY 1836. ' NOMINAL CAPITAL SUBSCRIBED CAPITAL BOARD OF DIRECTORS.—G. C. Haworth, Esq.; Chairman •, Charles Behrens,Esq., Deputy-Chairman ; J. R. Oliver, Esq. ; Michael Cababe, Esq. ' • Colonel Charles H. France-H D ayhurst, _.L. ; Allan H. Bright, Esq. (Liverpool ). Head Office: YORK STREET, MANCHESTER. General Manager: P. FORRESTER. Assistant neneral Manager: E. GITTINS. LOCAL BRANCHES :—WARRINOTON : Sankey St., H. Grosvenor, Manager. KNUTSFORD : King Street, B. Burgess, Manager. HOLMES CHAPEL: E. Platt; Manager. lIEATLEY : H. Grosvenor, Manager. LIVERPOOL: 45, Castle Street, i . H. Jones, Consulting Manager; R. W. Wallace, W. Tohnson, Joint Managers. Dr. BALANCE SHEET, 30TH JUNE, 1909. Cr. £ s. d. £ s. d. To Capital 550000 0 0 By Cash on Hand, Call, etc 1097832 9 5 ~Reserve Fund 360000 0 0 „ Investments, Consols, etc „ Current, Deposit, and other Accounts 4935101 3 9 „ Bills of Exchange 500297 15 9 „ Bills Accepted by the Bank „ Open Credits, Foreign Bills negotiated, etc. 201703 3 „ Balance of Profit and Loss Account 37740 11 3 0

, JONEs, CREWDSON & YOU'ATT, Auditors. MANCHESTER BRANCHES. Al! Saints, 137,0xford Rd. Deansgate, 166, Deansgatef Prestwich Salford Dock s Ardwick, B„hirdwick Gr'n Huhne, 242, Stretford Rd. Royal Exchange, 11, St. Seedley and Weaste, 138, Broughton Bridge Irlams-o'th'-Height Mary's Gate Eccles New Road Campfleld, 314,Deansgat e Norfolk Street St. Peter's, 2, Oxford St. Stratweways Cheetham Hill Pendlebury Salford Swan Street Corn Exchange Piccadilly Salford Cattle Market West Gorton COUNTRY BRANCHES, Accrington Boothstown Heatley Middletmi Rochdale Warrington Alderley Edge Brierfield Heavily Middlewich Romiley Whitworth Altrincham Brooklands Heywood Mossley Royton Wigan Ashton-in-M'field Burnley,Colne Rd. Hollinwood Nantwich St. Annes-on-Sea Wilmslow Ash t o n-u-Lyne Bury Holmes Chapel Nelson Shaw Winsford Astley Church Ho rwich Norden Southport Withington Audlem Colne Knutsford Northwich Stockport Woodley Blackburn Didsbury Lees Oldham S t y a 1 Blackley Farnworth Leigh Radcliffe Summit Bolton Hale Littleborough Reddish fyldesley SAVINGS DEPARTMENT.—Accounts may be opened with £1 and upwards. Full particulars on applicatio n No notice for withdrawals. Important documents taken charge of free.

JUST THE THING FOR SUMMER SHOWERS, THE N. & C RAINCOATS FOR LADLES AND GENTLEMEN. LIGHT AND DURABLE. SMITH & WALKER, MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON.

SALE NOW PROCEEDING. GREAT BARGAINS IN HOUSEHOLD DRAPERY, CARPETS, &c. ALSO TRUNKS, BAGS AND TRAVELLING BASKETS AT CLEARING PRICES. E. COATES 72, BouNgmET, 9

•Ndo-r%"‘" The Wear for ! BETTER GET IT NOW! One of our Famous Light-weight Summer Suits should be worn Holidays. when your Holidays come round • UT so uncommon and tasteful are our Cloths that we are running short of some of the Best Ranges. Wise, therefore, to see our display a once. We have had a huge demand for one particular Saxony Flannel at 50/- Yet two or three Choice Cashmeres, at 63/- and a number of our select Checks and Tweeds run it close in popularity. Prices from 50/- and satisfaction ensured. BOYDELL BROS., Tailors, 43, BRIDGE STREET, Warrington.

A BOON TO WARRINGTON! G. F. M. IS COMING What is G.F.M. ? ASK YOUR GROCER. HE KNOWS.

DON'T WEAR GLASSES _ _. .-- :---..,7:F --.-' -." _....t.---- -."--..-..",,- •----:-› . . ~,,,,;,,_ .„•• „..4. • V.• ~, - -0; ' ':',:l-,"- -•;<--. --'-' -::::. , ''. .:WITIS ..,,,:.,V o.', ~ ...„,* gi , , 1 - , --,- , , •' ' /Jill Oh, ' 1 , .7-- ''''------- ...S___-_—", i„, ' 3-- ,-, N; ----;—` •„',‘'-'s".°_,_„"f,, ~, ,---..,-' -"" 'A ,:-,---- . ------ -.--", , ' -- - - . •,•\ '',-4-:*---54:44. : r ,-- - ......,-,:-.1----tfA,--'% f,y9';'.%" • * k.:',-----?-,-, - ~. , -,-...- --------_-- '-f-,,r,,, .' ±_zro, ~..„_________:::„..,§ 4 .. ......- Unlens you KNOW tint they fulfil the requirements of your eyes. If n,t mactly right, toy ma; do yorr harm instead cf good; so do not wear Glasses unfit your si..ht has been scientifically tested, ani don't select. Glasses for yourself, hccause those that seem "just right" may Le all %cf.( ng. Sight-testing and Spectacle fitting demand lc ng study end experience as well as special ayparatus to be done kafely. ‘le offeryou wide experience and the most accurate methods of testing Kno%‘n to science. Come and have your ())es tested, thoroughly, [and if necessary, have Glasses that corripensate for the defects and fit you perfectly. Wle supply high grade goods at low prices. JOHNSTOM %WATSON . a Eyesight Specialist', C 4, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. Hours of Business : 9.30 to 7..50. Saturday 9.30 to 9. PLEASE NOTE. Johnston Watson attends on Monday and Tuesday from II to 4.3), Wednesday 11 to "2"mrsi'mgrlK-2 Thursday 11 to 1. Friday and Saturday 11 to 5.30, or by appointment.

dGE• MU C zlg==.3/4 zle2 7/2S/ IZiCIGZEB2:2:M=MINSI he No'ce 9 AV I Excel *Ave Serge Suit. Why sink your personality into cheap ready-made clothing when you can have a suit to measure for 455. from the noted 'Excel' Blue Serge. Warranted not to shrink nor be affected by the sun, it makes a most serviceable suit. lam offering to every purchaser A FANCY VEST free. This is a genuine offer from a superior tailor. My reputation for supplying good clothing of perfect fit and finish I will sustain. Call to inspect. this excellent material, or I will send patterns on application, R. WOOD, Tailor, 5, Market Place.

S, . , Co ;..1 I'. l' THE SPOT SHOP, ;. TO -,' *4. 1; :1 kl .: fil ='; 1 (FISH MARKET) FOR. mirmytluriaii-NG,

WE BA ALL ALL OCR New Suitings & Trouserings IN FOR THE COMING SEASON. SEE THEM BEFORE PLACING YOUR ORDER. 36 BUTTERMIARRET STREET, Warrington.

N. fitU ,! 'TON, For IN Hetes & Forßs, liaciffin File; Mat Fun VP 33, BRIDGE STREET, Warrington. Telephone 335 x. Established over 100 years. IRONMONGERY, ecc.

siocKIAKING SALE to August 7111 GFEIJONE :t.irE6LICTION *.II.IGES. r EEFurnishing Stores, Fl Bold Street, Liverp col. CARPETS WILL BE MADE AND LAID FREE .."*Gas-fittings, fixed free. CASH LINOLEUMS WILL BE LAID -FREE. BLINDS WILL BE MADE FREE. Special extra discount of 1/8 OR HIRE CASEMENT MATERIALS from is. PER YARD i WILL BE MADE FREE. n the £ off Linen Goods. TERMS. All purchases over 40s. delivered free to any Railway Station in Great Britain _

Tel. No. 123. ESTABLISHED 60 YEARS (in NN'arrington). Tel. No. 123: B. Fr; sh 4 A .! ao ENGINEERS, BOILERMAKERS, IRON & BRASS FOUNDERS, Mersey Boiler Works, Mersey Street, Warrington:, Makers of IRON CASTINGS from the smallest size up to 20 tons weight. Clean Well-moulded and of the Highest Quality. To buy the best finished castings is to frequently save so per cent. in labour. BRASS CASTINGS (any weight) Gunmetal, Copper, Aluminium, Phosphor Bronze,- Damaxine, Acid Proof Metal and all other Alloys. CONSTRUCTIONAL IRON AND STEEL WORK, Corrugated Iron Roofs and Buildings,. Farmers' Hay Sheds, Barissi--Store Sheds, &c., Iron and Steel Tanks, Cisterns, Stoenr . Jacketted Pans, Boilers, &c. Repairs by Experienced and Skilled Workmen to all kinds of Machinery and to Steam Boilers, Gas Engines, Traction Engines, Motor Cars,. Dynamos, Steam Engines, 011 Engines, Road Rollers, Motor Waggons, Electric Motors. ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING. Speciality Work. Drawings and expert advice submitted free. Heavy Machining and Forging done for the trade. Turning up to 15 feet diameter. Planing up to 5 feet square. Slotting up to 18-inch stroke. Milling, Punching, Shearing and Bending Pressing, Dishing, Fangling and Rivetting IDIT hydraulic pressure. Unlimited Tackle and Special Appliances for efficiently dealing with Repairs and Breakdown work, accumulated during an establihsment of 60 years. HOLIDAY ANNOUNCEMENTS.

FIIIIIIIINIESSIMINIL escmcsiii", -- • 6 . RESULT OF FIRST COMPETITiOti CLOSED JUNE 30TH. .. .fr -•=re -,4- ~01-4*.-, ~.4e.1,„.-7,t::_, N • .A..„4 V . - z.::--`. rA ti., :. 4 . .., .• - -4, 1 . - f- .-4,-: -1-6- •i. .5. -4.71.74 ~.. A • • ~-:, ,",f..,...- ). , '... •r:A ... ~... ..,.., .. ..,„ ' - .7. ;•••: • t 4.tk'. ,Z,- ...,i, -,i,.-'f.'s - - , 0,,, ..,,i.‘• .„ . ''f.• Competitions F4r Young Folks for users of Crosfield's • TWO GREAT POUND SOAPS: 66 11, E TREE cT 10 N 99 :. 6 6 II; fVV 08 Is!, ,i, IC 1.) 9 11 i -, ~ 1 1,, 1‘ Ali,. 1' ,i,.. S.l : A .., : Next Competition—Again 1,067 Cash Prizes—Value a 1,250— iCloses August 51st, 1909 (see notice at foot).

Next Competition closes Aug. 31st, 1909. The 12-word Competition sentence this time must contain the words " Pinkobolic Soap." Full instructions and competition form will be sent to anyone posting to Jos. Crosfield & Sons, Ltd., Warrington, one " Perfection" or one " Pinkobolic " soap wrapper, with full name and address. These competitions are easy, innocent and interesting, run solely as an advertisement for spreading. the fame and sale of Crosfield's Two Great Household Soaps—" PERFECTION" and " PINIIOBOLIC" --both these are magnificent, hard, non-wasteful soaps, which, with their steady dividend value— a 3d. tablet " Erasrnic" Herb Toilet Soap for every 10 wrappers (send 40 for 4) -are the finest soap values in the world.

THE MOST SUCCESSFUL COOK always uses . . • !to! T 4. - TK9S -- lt 2 k,e 14,j BAKING POWDER

_ WELLERS:SINCE:'I76O KENT AN D SON!' MANCHESTER. KENT'S RING are unsurpassed for quality of gems and perfection of workmanship. Kent's mount their own Rings—there are n intermediate profits. Write fur ILLUSTRATED BOOKLET of PRICES and full particular's. Telephone 8,715

MIN YSZ VIRCS is not a Poison,& but kills ATS MICE Harmless to other Animals and Human 13oings. Single Tube,2s., Three Tubes, 59.. Post Free from DANYSZ VIRUS Ltd., gg, 52. Leadenhall St., LONDON. 13.0. And of all Chemists.

„ ~,Nt*...,..,-,..• ~,,4 ,:•-• -- - - ""*. ..•••:: • - orf.' '''`ii. ',;'''';:r• ' ---,.i44-4,,,, ,- --,•-, TINS— ii. iliii - v..70,•'•,,,z-- -.....4,-...; ~.. ...,,,,,,. - , , --ei, • 0f,,,, -, ..“ Zfrs,.. 3d. 6d. I 5i.,.. ~..,”. ,:".,.., '",41. ~,.1,. New Size ~ • ;•• --,..e.... _ . -., .V.--zr : Id. . k '''-fri. FLEAS , .%-..*,. . .-........,....... . • .' 4..* BUGS • s . -:,,, 49 4 - . BEETLES. MOTH •:.• . fin Blankets, .... - Furs, etc.) ..,,..... .'-`. _ _--- --':•:••,-- - • it Jr"' --- -' - '1!-,.,-,..=="' IA •,,•.`,X ..-. - . -- ..;.•:".I.' r , --; • • - Established A 4 P.r. • 50 Years. ": ••::-.-11.....446, Vtri* . A , , 1..---, ~, ' -- --• '-iz ' ' ''' c • li %..-MI & 11 0 wsers _ 064,erScotch- ,- ~ - • . "Really - , Wholesome Confectionery" Vpi- ..,kli -,-.,. ''‘ • -LANCET.... ' JA sweetmeat for all. and may be given with confidence to the youngest child: In paper packets and tin boxes— ()ooss various sizes. 46. .../ Manufactory: London, w.c. _ .

rn, -,:' .-'-- ----•- ' ' ' -47,1 • - -------." -. . _ ' r.-'-- 'Ar, tritt . _ i,,' ---=---- ---::: ',, , • :`,. -1.%, , . .7tep p , qt. •,_-.. ' ,-'ik ..% - , If , ...... . -... , L 4 .k. 'S alti .tittlh 0 ----1 ....-`:t4-4-4:0‘... •I;!***A-A0.,...,.---.._ .....—....,t..-r.. s,- ' '

NT . . Kidney ye attilndy Beilapdsdnelres . , relieve Trouble 011 - 5 promptly and cure in for4-eight ':::•• • - ':- . ours. Each Capsule be th lrs e --...- t `.:. •." -. '• ~ name " Midy." Snld by all .. • . . . fCrhoemmists, or post free Os. Gd., 74111-D1 WILCOX & 'CO. • . ' - 49, HAYMARKF.T, LONDON, W

Should und FPor NI artitulars • NO FREE SAMPLE OF ; . HALL'S 44 .• . FEMALE - •" t 5. •• • COMPOUND .• • ...Al priceless • , •- . . . REMEDY • • FOR THOSE SPECIAL DISEASES Y'JANpectilidr to the sex. Hipiy appeciated, Increasini sales. Don't delay, send e once to , THE MI MANufACTURERS, I • •-.• •.' ' tt• . • • 4. HALES HYGIENE CL.Ly • S 4 SALFORD.MANCHESTER: 4011, '

TOE "WONDERFUL" 117 COSTUME CIOTII. 8 yards for 9:6. ,ARRIAGE PAID.) WRITE FOR PATTERNS of this high gr..le PER YARD. ‘irta.k.rs. FIT Also a CHIFFON-FINISHED 50 inches FACED HABIT CLOTH, 50 wide. inches wide, at 21 per yard. 5 yards for 12/6. (Carriage paid.) ROBINSON'S DRESS WAREHOUSE, 40, RUTLAND ST., LEICESTER,.

iimmansure. ~v- • y BRITAIN'S WORKERS Ary — , 1, No. 3.—The Builder r needs a steady hand and a clear brain. . . . Having to keep cool in •:t7'. - ~. all sorts of difficult positions is no ~-.. light task. For Body, Brain and Muscle, nothing Letter in the world I tl.an the sparkling Botanic Beer made from MASIt NI IS EXTRACT O F HERBS Cots 2d. a gallon, but worth a shilling. Brewed in British homes for over 30 years with the greatest success. 9 AGENTS WANTED. NEWBALL & MASON, NOTTINGHAM.

RICHMOND'S 3°DISTEMBER POWDERS FOR DOGS. TINS, 6d., 1-, and 2s. each. Postage 2d. Marvellous Results: Send for Lists. J. H. RICHMOND, VETERINARY WORKS, CHORLEY,

7-a.ALICAIMM A harmless and certain preventAtive for all the daugerons ailments attendant on the sex AT MIDDLE AGE. Prepared from the formula of a London consulting Phyiician. Post free, 1/2 and 2/10 per box. VEARING & CO., Don Chambers, Paradise St., Liverpool.

HOP ALE.—Hartley's Kent Hops packed in pound blocks by Hydraulic Machinery, whereby the virtue and aroma are preserved, post paid 2s. Extra ordinary value.-HARTLEv's,Health Specialists,Leicester

INVALID CHAIRS (Wicker). Buy from actual Maker. Illustrated lists free.—STOKE & SONS, Stoke Newington, London.

BANGOR (Ireland).—Hawthornden Private BOARD- ING HOUSE. Near sea, golf, park. 4s. day. Good cusine.—Mrs. KIDD.

L'yELY Picture Portraits, life size, Beautifully finished in delicate Sepia Colour, copied any photo, carriage paid 6s. 6d.—Money gladly returned if dissatisfied.—NloNcAß-SELLEN,London rd., Leigh-on-Sea

BUXTON.—BRUNSWICK BOARDING ESTAB- LISHMENT.— Billiards. Moderate terms.— Proprietors, MISSES WRIGHT.

L ONDON Shopping or other Commissions, Lady, experienoed, discriminating, trustworthy, under- takes ; 5 p.c. charged. Highest references, or send four days' post-dated money order.—Mrs. WILSON, 54, Myddelton Sq., London, N. IVOVELTIES, metal, Id. to is. lines, 100 per cent. LI profit.—DowELL, Mary at., St. Paul's, Birmingham. NUBa NOTTINGHAM LACES; 2s. 6d. and ss. parcels • no rubbish ; carriage paid.—ALFED Co., 56, High Pavement, Nottingham.

BLACKPOO L.—Prospect House BOARDING ESTABLISHMENT, central promenade, facing sea; terms moderate; electric light —Phone 575. PROPRIETOR.

BLACKPOOL.—VISITORS who enjoy the NORTH PIER and Mons. Speelman's Celebrated Band should stay at the NORTH PIER PRIVATE HOTEL. Delightfully and conveniently situated on the front. Moderate Tariff. Tel. 400.

OLD POSTAGE STAMPS and COLLECTIONS Bought —LEWIS MAY SC Co., 15, King William St., Strand. nUR SPECIAL TAILOR-MADE 40s. Suit is beyond doubt the best in the market. Forwarded on receipt of sos. and balance within one month after delivery; grey, green and brown, special designs. Tell us your height, cheat, and waist measure, length of leg, and we guarantee to fit you.—Ross,Tailoxing Specialist, 46. Shamrock at. W., Glasgow. DOSTCAR DS from any Photo 12 for ls.—MAxoTo sa, Manchester rd., Hyde.

BOURNEMOUTH.—Spend your Holidays at Beauti- ful Bournemouth; mar sea, gardens, and links; illustrated booklet free; south aspect.—Apply MANAGRRFSS, Coniston, Hawkwood rd., Boscombe, Bournemouth.

CHESTER.—BEAR and BILLET HOTEL, Bridge Gate. Close to river; fishing; boating; cyclists and picnic parties catered for. Telephone 685,-- Proprieter, E. JACKSON. DOUGLAS.—Cunard Boarding House, 28, Loch Promenade, facing Bay • central ; comfortable: from ss. 6d., reduced June and September. —JAMISON. OU GLA S. —Dodsworth's Boarding House, Queen's JLF promenade, facing sea, southern aspect; liberal table; terms ss. Gd.ner day.--W. DopswoßTH,Proprietor DOUGLAS.— "THE EDINBURGH," LOCH PROMENADE, facing sea, and within 3 min. of landing pier. Specialities, cleanliness, punctuality, good cooking. Tariff on application to Mrs. lIARGREAVES HENSH ALL. HARROGATE.—Comfortable BOARD RESIDENCE close to baths; terms moderate.—Miss FOSTER, Greylands, Walker rd.

PRESENT for Mother, Silver Brooch with name " Mother " post free Is.— HIGGINBOTTOM Jeweller, Hyde.

PIANO.—Masse new overstrung upright grand iv piano for sale privately ; worth 55 guineas, take 20 guineas. Cash wanted.—Address I,Lower Dallam Lane.

PILLOW Cases, Frilled and Hemstitched. send us Bd. and we will send one as sample. Money returned if not satisfied.—E. FLINT and Co., Romiley, Chesbire.

I- - LFRACOMBE.—CLARK'S HOTEL, on Sea Parade Frontage. Royal recommendation. Illuatrated Tariff. Terms from 425.

RRAZORS.—Best Sheffield Llollowground Razor 2s. only ; two years guarantee. Write for catalogue. ENG r. Baos.,Tool & Cutlery Manufacturers,Altrincham pßlVATE.—Magnificent pair large Woollen Blankets, real beauties, new, last a lifetime. Bargain, 9s. ; cost double.—Mrs. CASSELLS, C, Dalton Sq., Lancaster.

IMPER,IAL International Exhibition visitors catered for in parties or otherwise. 5 minutes gates. TErms moderate.—ELECTRIC RESTAURANT AND TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 41A, Goldhawk rd., W.

LON DON—' Exhibitions.' Home from home. Moderate.—Mrs. REYNOLDS, 40, Redeliffe rd., South Kensington.

SCENT Satchets money-making line Bd. per dor BENNETT, 26;Soutb Meadow lane, Preston. STAM` a Profitable Postal- Business at home, Instructions free.—DEPT. S., 435 Chorley Old rd Bolton.

LLANDODUO.—CRAIG Molt BOARDING HOUSE, Abbey rd. Lovely situation. From 30s. weekly. Particulars and guide free.

LLANDUDN O.—ORMSCLIFFE .BOARD,,ING HOUSE, facing sea, accommodate 140 guests; dancing, whist drives, music, billiards.

EC OND-HAND PIANO FOR SALE, 7oc aves, Ivory keys'—Apply T. OULTON, 7, Kendrick st., Warrington.

LAKES.—Boarding Establishment; excellent accom- modation; near station; open county views, private; moderate.—PROPRIETRESS, South View, Windermere.

AFETY PERAM STRAP (Patented). Baby can't /..7 fall out. Illustration and prices post free.—STONE & SONS, Stoke Newington, London.

y ARNE, IRELAND.—BRITANNIA HOUSE, Eden- JIA vale, provides all requirements for a thoroughly enjoyable holiday. Unequalled situation; comfort and Eatisf action guiranteed.—Write PROPRIETRESS, for terms and programme of Conducted Tours.

QALMON, ls. 4d. lb., trout Is. 2d. lb., fresh from sea, 1.7 packed in ice, cariage paid, cash- with order.— R. H. MCCARTHY, Listowel, Ireland.

Q PECIALIST making short stay in England advises 10 free on all diseases of both sexes. Describe complaint —Enclose stamped envelope for reply MF,Dieus,' 33, Oxford rd., Manchester. SPLENDID Suit Lengths, its. 6d., 135., 14s. 3d. 16s. 6d., 18s., carriage paid; in Tweeds, Serges Worsteds, &c. Latest novelties, patterns free.—SLATER, Merchant, Dept. M., 67, Headingly Mount, Leeds. SUMMER HOLIDAYS without Anxiety.—Low insurance rates. Burglary, Tourists (Accident), Servants (Compensation). £6,000,000 claims paid. Prospectuses.—GENEßAL INSURANCE, Dept. M., Santos rd., Wandsworth, London.

- - 10119ORT BANNATY NB, R,OTHESAY.—Boarding, superior; shore, magnificent sea view, garden; moderate.— C URRIE, Pier lerrace.

QULBY GLEN, ISLE OF MAN, Sirs. ATHERLY Cooilbane House.—Charmingly situated in its own grounds. Every accommodation. for private families. Write for terms and booklet,.

SOUTHPORT.—Board Residence, August; .two ladies; share bedroom; Ll is. each.-7, WINDSOR RD.

TORQUAY.—BOARD-RESIDENCE with minister's widow ; lovely district; moderate terms,— HICKSON. Kirkblirn, Babbscombe rd. .

MATTO° Marks removed without pricking by "Take mo " is. 3d. per box.—Charles DAN VERS, 52, Ray Lodge rd., Woodford Green, Essex.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMTIED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL ALSO AT 70, & 71, EUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

MO BE SOLD, a DINING-ROOM SUITE in oak, 1- made by G. M. Greenhalgb, also some pictures by G. Sbeffield.—To be seen at WEBSTER'S, 28 Butter- market St., Warrington.

TRANSLATED French Novels (some illustrated).— Actresses' Photos. Catalogue from is. with samples, letter postage, 20.—Apply G. ARTHUR, 6, Passage Grana, Monte Carlo.

souTRPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL STREET. ESTIMATES GIVEN. CHOIR PARTIES, PICNICS &C., TESTIMONIALS FROM ALMOST EVERY TOWN IN LANCASHIRE. Telephone 0465. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN.

MYPEWRITING, expert, 1,000 9d, reduction over 5,000 Literary, Scientific, French, German, duplicat- ing. punctuation, satisfaction guaranteed.—Miss FRANCIS, Overton rd., London, S.W.

TOOLS and LATHES. Special 24 page sale Catalogue of Joiners and Engineers Tools post free. Complete 3,80 paged Gitalogues 4d. post free.— C. NURSE AND CO., 181, Walworth rd., London,S.E. FllO CHINA and Earthenware Dealers. For £3 we 1- send you a good assorted crate of China and Earthenware seconds. Cheapest and best value in the trade.—Address DENVES AND COPESTAKE, Viaduct Works, Longton, Staffs.

Apartments, Furnished Houses, (kc

ABERYSTWYTH.—APARTMENTS, near sea; five minutes from station; good cooking.—Miss OWENS, 3, Castle Terrace.

MHE WONDERFUL LITTLE HUMANIKIN. Seen 1 and admired by the King! This marvel of nature and art requires to be seen to be believed. It is alive. Prick it with a pin, blood flows. It does not require feeding, deriving its sustenance from other sources, but is partial to a bath several times a day. Its facial contortions and remarkable resemblance to human' creatures cause amusement and merriment wherever shown. Funnier than a monkey, and perfectly harmless. Either sex. Sent carriage paid in U.K. on receipt of P.O. for is. 3d.--COLONIAL IMPORTING CO., 8, Commercial rd., Pimlico, London.

APARTMENTS, with board, 3s. per day inclusive; beautiful scenery, canal fishing.—Apply Mrs. SHA.RPE, Spring Field, Holme, Carnforth.

ABER YSTWYTlL—Comfortable APARTMENTS (nicely situated), near sea and station • terms moderate.—Mrs. JONES, "Kelvin Grove," Penglais Terrace.

ABERMULE, Montgomeryshire.—Beautiful country close to river Severn and station. Horse and trap for drives. Children taken alone. Very moderate terms.—LEWlS, The Mill, Abermule.

U MBRELLAS at Manufacturers wholesale prices; beautiful crook handles, solid silver mounted, with initial ecgraved free, suitable for presentation ; superior Excelsior covers ; ladies Bs. Gd., gents Os. 6d.— Postal orders to CLARENCE & THOMAS, Excelsior Works, Rockferry, Cheshire.

"Mi--------ISPHAM.—Splendid sea view, comfortable Jwell- furnished APARTMENTS ; public and private; pianos ; close to tram.—Mrs. SIDWA Y, Cliff view, Red Bank rd.

VITATER CASKS, all sizes, low prices.—Apply, V GILBERT AND JOHN GREENALL, LIMITED, the Distillery, Bridge st., Warrington.

BLACKPOOL.—Mrs. BRIERLEY, 3, Lord st. Good beds 2s. per night ; board 4s. 6d. ; close T.R, station.

WIDOW offers 3 pairs beautiful long lace curtains, magnificent floral designs, new and pretty, 10s.— Mrs. CASSELLS, 3, Dalton square, Lancaster. VOU can earn a living if you have any business capabilities, or can increase your income without any outlay by representing the latest Muhiscopic Photography.—Stamped addressed envelope, SEAL WORKS, New AI ilton, Hants.

BLACKPOOL.—Home from home •, central ; bed, cooking, attendance ; is. each.—Mrs. WEST, 25, Hornby rd.

BLACKPOO L.—Home from home, public and private APARTMENTS ; central ; stamp.—Mrs. HUDSON, 52, Albert rd.

10/.. TO £1 per Day. Suit either sex. Manufac- turer's secret. Particulars, stamp. —J. HARDING, 9, Chitty at., Fitzroy square, London, W.

BLACKPOOL.—PubIie and private APARTMENTS. Near sea, station, amusements.—Mrs. P. SMITH, 94, Albert rd.

BILLHEADS or MEMOS, 45.; 1,000 ]L, 000 Cards, 4s. or ss.—DA.Lus, 39, Park at., Cambridge. lin RECIPE, showing how to make Old Horses as /NJ frisky as Young Ones.—NEWLAND, Ulverston, Lancs.

intLACKPOOL (Contral).—Comfortable Apartments ; every borne comfort.—Mrs. WILSON, Alpine Villa, 91, Hornby rd.

10LACKPOOL.—Near Central Station, sea and all amusements. Terms moderate.—Mrs. CAYTON, 15, Vance rd.

64 PAGE BOOK ABOUT HERBS and how to use them, Post free. Send for one.—TaniNzLL ThA Herbalist, 144, Richmond rd., Cardiff. Established 878.

BLACKPOOL.—Mrs. HORSEFIELD, 49, Keswick rd., Central rd; beds 25.. double bedroom 3s. 6d. Piano; bath, Sze.

I)LACKPOOL.—Cosy APARTMENTS, public or private, 2s. two persons, sea view; pianos.—Mrs. PAGE, 6 Wellington rd. LACKPOOL.—APARTMENTS, sea view, two persons, 25., no extras. Central.—Mrs. HULME Altona House, 4a, York st.

OS. QD. PAlR.—Meres Fashionable Grey Tweed t., Trousers, all sizes ; usual price 4s. 11d.,sent post free on receipt of postal order.—DIRECT SUPPLY Co., 16 and 17, Devonshire square, E.C.

CHINA. SPLENDID PERFECT SERVICES, 21s.—Diuner, t/ Tea, Breakfast, Toilet,Trinket, 3 Jugs and a Teapot. The lot 21s. Safe delivery guaranteed. Every kind of China stocked. Catalogues free.—ViscENT POTTERY Co., Dept. 1 Burslern.

BLACKPOOL (North Shore).—Comfortable APART- MENIS ; near sea and Talbot rd.; bath and piano.—Mrs. WEETMAN, 42, Cocker at,. VrtLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, five 11 minutes Talbot rd. Station. Half minute sea.— Mrs. CURRY, 20,Braithwaite at., N.S.

VICTIMS OF FATE. IF you wish to possess the secrets of love, to see your luck turn from bad to good, to cast a charm or evade one, and to have wealth, health, beauty, and happiness, write to MOORYS, the Red Sorcerer, 16, Rue de rEchiquier. Paris, who will send you his curious little book cost free.

BLACKPOOL.—Public and Private APARTMENTS, reasonable terms.—Mrs. YATES, Sandycroft, Commercial st., Promenade, South Shore. BLACKPOOL, S.S.—APARTMENTS. Public; private; sea view; 2s. two ; board optional ; bath ; pianos.—BROWETT, 23, Alexandra rd.

BARGAINS IN TOOLS. Our special 24-paged Stock-taking Bargain List of Joiners' and Engineers' Tools is sent Post Free ; also our Complete 360-paged Catalogue is sent Post Free for 4d. C. NURSE & CO., TOOL MAKERS, 181, WALWORTH RD., LONDON, S.E.

BLACKPOOL.—Near sea and station Is. each, board (ladies) 3s. Gd., (gents) 4s. per day inclusive.— Mrs. GODDARD. 31, Read's rd., Central.

LACKPOOL.—A Home from Home at the Seaside Visitors will find Comfortable Accommodation at Mrs. HARRISON'S, 31, Yorkshire at., near Central Pier; üblic and private apartments; no crowding.

UXTON.—APARTMENTS, Farmhouse, in Peak of Derbyshire, with rabbit shooting.—HENßy ABELL, Biggin Grange, Hartington.

B EAUMARIS.—APARTMEN TS, four bedrooms, two sittingroorns, every convenience ; terms moderate. —T. WATKINS, Roxburgh House, Beaumaris. BLACKPOOL.—HOME from HOME.—Public and private Apartments, with or without board Terms for one or two persons, 2s. per night. Sea view Mrs. BLAcitzu, 58, Tyldesley rd.

t-----TO -- SWEETS, TOBACCO, Opneral ; good _ • thoroughfare; retiring, 111-health.-21, RICE LANE, Egremont, Cheshire.

GOOD HOTEL. Market town Eastern Counties, splendid opportunity for capable man. Country Job Master's Business with Inn, free for spirits, old- established and well situite ; Essex.—HERBERT F. BASKETT, Auctioneer, Colchester. WARDLE AND CO., 28, Deansgate, Manchester; will dispose of your BUSINESS quickly for you. No charge until we find a purchaser. Tele. 5299, Manchester.

BIILACRPOOL.—North Shore—Superior Apartments; sea vie.—Mrs. AIREY, 3, Banks st., near Hotel Metropole.

BLACKPOOL.—Two single-bedded rooms, with private sitting-room, is. each person inclusive.- 43, KESWICK RD.

eoast and eountry—Where to Stay.

BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable homely APARTMENTS close sea and"central station. is. each person, day and night inclusive.—Mrs. EDWIN SMITH, Rose Villa, 27 Yorkshire at.

latiLACKPOOL.—Homely APARTMENTS, with or without board; near Eea, amusements.—Mrs. MYCOCK. 90, Egerton rd North.

BAR NMI:TM-1 sitting ,2 bedrooms, close to station, beach, and bathing; terms moderate.—Mrs. THOMAS," Refuge "Park rd. TlLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, with Or without board; piano.—Mrs. BEDFORD, 8, Ribble rd., near Central Station.

BLACKPOOL.—Near Central Station, sea and amusements. Well-aired beds. Stamp.—Mrs. WADDINGTON, 66, Albert rd. (late 5-1.)

BLACKPOOL.—HomeIy public and private APART- -LP MENTS ; good cooking; third door from the sea.—Mrs. CARTLEDGE, 5, Wellington rd.

BL A CEPOO L.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, opposite station; near sea. ls. each person.— Mrs. BRADLEY, 91, Withnell rd., South Shore.

BLACKPOOL.—Superior APARTMENTS. Every home comfort. Close to church and Talbot rd. Station.—Mrs.PENDLEBURY, 7,Topping st.,North Shore.

B ISPHAM, Blackpool.—Public and Private APART- MENTS; one minute sea and tram.—Mrs. BRITTAIN, Sunny Dena, 34, Eltlsketh avenue.

BET T WS-Y-COED.—APARTMENTS, beautifully situated within easy distance of Swallow Falls; moderate charges.—Mrs. ROBERTS, Maas Derwen, Miner's Bridge.

Vpi LACKPOOL.—Home from home. Bed, cooking. &c., is. each, with board 4s. day; one minute Central Pier; piano.—RELLUFF, "The Snuggery," 47, Bairstow-street.

BRIGHTON.—SPLENDID RESIDENCE overlook- -I, unrivalled sea front; .11 bedrooms; well fur- nished; ten guineas ; unfurnished £l6O. Others £26 to £llo.—YouNGs, Auctioneers, Second Avenue, Brighton BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, is.; with board, 4s. per day each person; private sitting-room; near Talbot rd. Station, sea, amusements —Mrs. PuicE, 25 Lord st.

VI4LACKPOOL.—IdeaI holiday home; near Central Station and sea; public and private APART- MENTS; piano; comfort guaranteed.—Mrs. HANSON, 28, Charnley rd. (off Coron‘tion st.)

BENTHAM HOLIDAY CAMP, N.W. Yorks.—Camp- -LP in in the country ; for men and boys, week, 17s. 6d. inclusive; families by arrangement. Booklet post free.—ll.ussWOßTH, Secretary, Bentham. COLWYN BAY.—Furnished Unfurnished Houses, Apartments. Send stamp and requirements.— MELLOR and ALLEN. .

1 ARNARVON BAY.—Sitting, two or three bed- rooms. Bracing.—GßinTriis, Brondirion, Port Lyfni, near Ca rnarvon.

COMFORTABLE APARTMENTS in farmhouse.— WILLIA MS, Pendmw, Llan, Eglwssbach, Tal-y-Cafn, North Wales. COUNTRY APARTMENTS in the Bronto district.— Particulars, Mrs. Dixo's, Laverick Hall Farm, Oakworth, Keighley.

CILEETHORPES . —Codifortable APARTMENTS, N-/ 1 min. sea and station; terms moderate.—Miss BRAILSFORD. Glen Devon, Yarra rd.

CCRICCIETH, N. Wales.—Furnibhed APARIMENTS comfortable,moderate terms, facing sea and castle; splendid scenery. Healthy resort.—Miss RICIIARDS. B-Ilsview."

OUGLAS.—Comfortable APARTMENTS; terms moderate.—Mrs. KILGOtiu, 7, Laureston Terrace, Broadway.

DOUGLAS.—Bed, breakfast and tea 3s. Beds from Is. 6d. to 2s.—HEYWOOD, Oldham House, 19, Peel rd.

DOUG LA S.—Home comforts,with or without board. Bed two persons 2s.—Mrs. KAIGHIN, 8, Prince's st., Buck's rd.

DOUGLAS.—APARTMENTS. with or without board. Terms moderate.—Mrs. GREEN, 12, Leigh Terrace, Castletown rd.

DUNOON.—Ardentinny Cottage, King st.—APART- MENTS with attendance; terms moderate; garden.—PATERSON.

JJOUGLAS.—Two minutes from shore; terms moderate; cable cars pass street.—Mrs. BRIDSON, Ivy Dene, 1, Christian rd. JJOUGLAS, I.O.M.—Manchester House, 31, Peel rd. Bed and breakfast 2s. 6d., full board 48. 6d.—Mrs. J. J. QUAYLE.

D GLAS.—Helensburgh. York Terrace, off Broad- -15 way ; Con3fort4ble APARTMENTS; private sitting room; cable cars pass door.—CHALMERS.

TIOUGLAS.—Mrs. CHRISTIE, Mafeking House, Hutchinson Square, Broadway, close prom. With or without board: beds (2 per.) 2s.

TAOUGLAS.—APARTMENTS, with or without 15 board; overlooking bay; full board 55.; tea, bed, breakfast 3s. 6d.; beds 2s.—Mrs. KSLLY, Seamount, Palace rd.

DARTMOUTH.—Well-Furnished HOUSE, end of July, for about six weeks; golf, sea and river boating, fishing; private landing-steps; three recep- tion, four bedroom, bath (hot and cold); small garden; plate, linen. Five guineas weekly.—Mrs. BARsrow, Fern Bank, Partmouth, Devon.

ERBISTOCK.—APARTMENTS to Let: pleasant fishing, &c.—Apply ROBERTS, Groves, Erbistock, Ruabon.

FURNISHED ROOMS to be let in gentleman's country residence; most beautifully situated; piano.—Apply WOOD FARM, Marple. GR A S SIN GTO N (Wharfedale).—Comfortable APARTMENTS or let furnished (6 rooms), extensive outlook ; refreshments provided.—Mrs. LUCAS, West View.

ILFRACOMBE.—IdeaI Holiday Resort. Beautifully Illustrated Guide Free.—Apply TowN CLERK Post 2d.)

T SLE OF MAN.—Write for particulars of best Boardiug-houses.—WALTER BLAIR, Publiithed Douglas.

HARROGATE.—Comfortable SITTING, with 1 or 2 Bed Rooms ; pleasant situate ; terms moderate. —McWit AN, 47, Mornington Crescent.

HEYSHAM (Morecambe).—Close to trains, straw- berry gardens ; overlooking sea. Reasonable terms.—TAYLOR, Ciune Bank.

VESWICK.—TO LET, Famished, for August and 1 part September, charming Country House; high situation ; 3 sitting, 6 bedrooms, bath; garden, stabling. —Address BANKS, Skiddaw Bank, Keswick.

LLANDODNO.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, near pier, piano ; board if required; moderate.—Mrs. HOLROYD, Plas rd.

LLANDRINDOD WELLS.— Sitting room and one or two bedrooms in country bouse.—Mrs. WiurrALL. Bailey Einon.

LLANDUDNO JUNCTION.—Two sitting and two bedrooms; good centre; near sands.—Mrs ROBERTS, Rhoslan.

LLANDIIDNO.—APARTMENTS, one minute to promenade. Moderate terms.—Mrs. HODGETTS, Bodloneebs Mostyn Avenue.

L- - LANGOLLEN.—Comfortable APARTMENTS on hillside above Holyhead rd.—Mrs. WILLIAMS, Holly Bank, Froncysylth.

ULANDUDNO.—Comfortable and homely APART- MENTS; terms moderate; conveniently situated JONES, Prescot House, Craig-y-Don.

LLANDRINDOD WELLS.—Comfortable furnished APARTMENTS, south aspect, overlooking Rock Park and Spa.—Mrs. WHITNEY, Plas Dinam.

LAKE DlSTRlCT.—Comfortable and homely .1.-4 APARTMENTS near the lake.—Mrs. BATTERSBY, Biskey Howe Gardens, Bowriess-on-Windermere.

LLANGOLLEN. Comfortable APARTMENTS, Lovely mountain and river scenery, bracing air. terms moderate.—JONES, Coedfryn, Birch Hill. LANDUDNO and N RTH WALES COAST:—For IA Furnished and Unfurnished Houses.—Apply M. RYAN, Estate Agent and Auctioner, Llandudno.

y ARE DISTRIOT.—FURNISHED COTTAGE to be Let; 5 bedrooms, 2 sitting-rooms, kitchen, &c._.. Apply Mrs. GILPIN, Green Hills, Crook, Kendal.

LAKE DISTRICT. —Comfortable APARTMENTS, 2 sitting, 3 bedrooms, bath; 1 mile station, 4 Keswick.—Blrs. SHIRES, Brookside, Thointhwaite, Keswick.

LAKE DlSTRlCT.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, , beautiful scenery, high situation, private grounds, highly recommended.—Mrs. LODE; Little Braithwaite, Keswick.

LLANBEDROG, N. Wales.—Furnished APART- -LA MENTS entertaining six or less, bedrooms, offices, bathroom, balcony ; few minutes to beach; charming views; golf and trams. Moderate.—JoNEs, Glasfryn.

MORECAMBE W.E.—Public and Private APART- MENTS; sea view.—Mrs. CARVER, Richmond House, 14, Albert rd.

MO RECAMBE, W.E.—Private and Public APART- MENTS; near prom., pier, and trams.—DAwsoN S lisbury at. Stamp. MORECAMBE, W.E.—Public and -Private APART- MENTS, 56, Clarendon rd. Stamp for ieply.— Misses WALKER AND NORRIS.

MORECAMBE.—Public or Private. Terms moderate. Highly recommended. Two minutes promenade. —Mrs. BAILEY. 135 Westminster rd.

MORECAMBE, W.E.—Close to sands and amuse- ments visitors will find clean and comfortable APARTMENTS at Miss SMALLEY'S, Sea View Parade. MO RE C AMBE.—Comfortable APARTMENTS. central; near sea.—Misses MARSDEN 4S; HILL Myrtle House, 13, Skipton St. MORECAMBE.—APARTMENTS. Beds 2s. Full. board 255. per week. Good cooking.—NEWELL, 35, Clarendon-road, W.E.

MORECAMBE.—Homely APARTMENTS, pleasantly situated, good cooking, two minutes from sea ; accommodation for cycles.—Mrs. L. G. HARTLEY, Fern Mount, 80, Chatsworth rd.

I\TEW BRTGHTON.—Superior APARTMENTS, 1, Sandfield rd., Se Bank rd.—Mrs. HOYLE.

PRESTATYN.—Furnished, Unfurnished Bungalows Houses, Land, Let or Sale; stamp.--INGLEFIELD, Agent Prestatyn.

PENMAENMAWR.—ComfortabIe APARTMENTS; sea and mountains; bath; moderate, inclusive.— ELLIS, Bryn Eglwys. 113ENMAENMAWR.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, close to sea and station; moderate terms.— ROBERTS, Waen Villa.

110101WI,LHELL—Comfortable APARTMENTS, or Board 255.; bear beach ; good bathing and boat_ ing.—Reply to T.W., "Examiner "Office, Warrington, 13WLLBELT, N. Wales.—Comfortable APART- MENTS close to golf, cricket, tennis. Safe bath- ing. Highly recommended.—AßFOß, West End Parade. llHYL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, near sea and station; terms moderate; home from home.— Mrs. WEBB, 48, High at.

RYL.—Superior homely APARTMENTS. Minute from sea ; good cooking. Terms moderate.— HUNTER, 32,John at.

RHYL.—Homely APARTMENTS vacant. Good cooking and attention. Close to shore. Moderate. —GLEN HELEN. Plynnongroen id.

AMSEY.—Pleasant APARTMENTS, two minutes Queen's pier. Good cooking. Terms moderate. —Mrs. GIBBONS, Oakley, &Hare rd.

BAig* ACKACHE and Kidney Pills, finest made, 100 poss free, la.—.Mourtis, Chemist, Kidsgrove, Stoke. TAEAFNESS CURED.—Sufferers, place your cao with J. HOPE, 19, Marylebone lane, Wigraore st London.

TNDIGESTION cure, gives immediate relief, P.O • 7d.—JOFINSON, Specialist., 14,Selkirk Terrace,Leed yl-OWS YOUR POOR FEET ?—" Footscure " vgl6- tered, I s.box post free..—I,CLAYLANDS pILES.—A real general boon to sufferers. Simile inexpensive, yet effective. Particulars, P. 0., Is —CARLTON SUPPLY Co., 22, Carl ton Hill, Carlton, NcV REUMATIU and Gout Sufferers should eat 11000 Acid Free Meats ; walnut, hazel nut, cbees rissoles 2d. each, by post six is. 4d., home GRACE, SO, Park at., Bristol. INDIGESTION.—Immediate Relief and positive for this this distressing complaint. Send 7d. f°r particulars; home-made remedy.—L.M., 21, Salisberi rd., Harringay, N.

NDIGESTION.— An infallable cure. e° recommended by Medical Profession, •ad9l relief, price 2s. 6d.—PARISIEN MEDICINE Mr Shaftesbury Avenue, London. STERME MARRIAGE: Its Causes and Curatif° Treatment. By a late Senior Physician •to Hcspital for Women. A New Edition. Just publish • Post free, 3s. 9d. SHELLEY and Co. (Limited) 33' Gracechurch-st. London.

RHYL.—Superior APARTMENTS, central, close to sea, pavilion and amusements: bath; good cook- ing; moderate.—Mrs. KENNEDI, River at.

RATHlN.—Superior rooms; comfortable home; good cooking; level roads; beautiful scenery; links ; flshing.—H UGHES, Bryn Teg,Pwllglas. RAVEN GLASS, Cumberland.—Superior APART- MENTS, facing sea; large airy rooms; good cooking; terms moderate.—PATTlNSON, Holly House.

ROTHESAY, Scotland.—Private APARTMEN rs, comfortable; moderate. Special terms to parties —Yrs. PINKERTON, Concord Villa, Columshill at.

SOUTHPORT.—Superior Public and Private APART- MENTS; near station and pier.—Mrs. BOOTH, 15, Avondale rd.

QT. ANNES-ON-SEA.—Public and Private APART- -1.7 MENTS ; piano, bath.'-:-Mrs. J. Tauscorr, 4, St. Alban's rd.

SOUTHPORT.—APARTMENTS, public and private; near pier, boulevards, and skating halls.—Mrs. PROUDFOOT, 62, Bath at.

T. ANNES-ON-THE-SEA.—Comfortable APART- MENTS, central, near sea and station.—Mrs. HARRISON, 8, Springfield id.

OUTHPORT.—Superior APARTMENTS, public or pri% ate, facing the sea; every convenience.—Mrs. HEMINGWAY, 40, Promenade.

SOUTHPORT.—APARTMENTS pleasantly situated; near band and promenade; 2s. per night; piano.— Mrs. MONKM AN, 33, Avondale rd.

QOUTHPORT.—Comfortable, Homely APART- MENTS, minute from station; ls. each person inclusive.—Mrs. HOWARD, 73, London St.

SOUTHPORT.—Comfortable APARTMENTS o; Board-Residence, near to Promenade and Lord at. moderate terms.-24, SEA BANK RD.

SOUTHPORT.—Superior APARTMENTS, with or without board ; near all amusements; terms low sent on application.—Mrs. T. BEW, 79, Hall at. SCARBOROUGEL—PubIio or private. Highest references. Absolutely central. Terms moderate. —Mrs. CARTER, Gresham House, 1. Vine St.

ST. ANNE'S-ON-SEA.--Superb APARTMENTS, near sea and station; very moderate terms.—Mrs. GREY, Laburnum Villa, 47, St. Andrew's rd., South.

SCARBOROUGH.—Superior APARTMENTS, public or private; good cooking; highest references reasonable charges.—Mrs. COLLING WOOD, 5, Gordon St

OUTHPOR T.—Comfortable Homely APART- K-7 MENTS, central for amusements. Opposite excursion platform. is. each person.—Mrs. CRAMPTON, 9, Derby rd.

QT. ANNES-ON-SEA.—Public or Private APART- MENTS;K-7 board optional; bath and piano; 2 minutes from station.—Mr. STEEDEN, Tingewick Villa, St.Alban's rd.

rflOßQUAY,Fumisbed APARTMENTS; near se and trams; well recommended ; moderate terms' —VARNA, Morgan Avenue.

ATALE OF CONWAY,North MIIes.—APARTMENTS V two sitting-rooms, four bedrooms.—Jorms, Beech Grove, Llanrwst.

"%TALE OP CLWYD, two miles from Llangollen.— I' BOARD or APARTMENTS; beautiful scenery; bracing mountain air ; good cooking; garden; pony trap; moderate terms.—Mrs. JONES, Penyclawdd, Llangollen.

WALES.--4or Residences or Rough Shootings in loveliest part.—Apply CHs. KENYON, Llwynon Machynlleth.

WEST KlRBY.—Yorkshire House; Comfortable APARTMENTS ; splendid sea view.—Mrs. WALLER, Church rd., West..

WINDERMERE.—APARTMENTS, with or with- out board: two bed and one sitting room.— TOWSEY, Fairlie, Ellerthwaite rd.

"VOR SALE.—Smart STANHOPE PHAETON and .12 Spring Cart.—W. SIMPSON AND CO., LTD. Walkden, near Manchester.

eIOUTTS GUARANTEED ACE nc ACID " Mant- of ; at System of Treatment"' 9d. cloth Vl' " The PracticaVG aide" sent Post Free (state PaPerlo Agents Wanted. No Risk. Good Commission. 0 COUTTS, 8, GREAT EASTERN Si'., LONDON, PILES.—I have curEd myself (and many others) °I this painful malady with a French prepfirat,il little known in this country. I will send fall Part'fig lars also of two ointments I used with it for particolo_, also of two ointments I used with it for Is. order.—E. H. CHARM A iv,97, NT ead ow S t., Ma Inchester,S_:"2../ CIORN CURE, NEURALGIA and TOOTH.AC ‘..) ERASMUS WILSON'S HAIR RESTORRS' Why suffer, certain cures. Nurse with life experieol under well-known London physician will send Oat', copy of receipes all three above valuable remedies ft) 2s. 6d. or is. each, post free.—NURSE CHANDLER, 1781` Tranmere rd., Earlestield, S. W. VOILES ! PILES .! ! PILES :—Why suffer 1 this terrible complaint when is. 11,d. post , will cure you. Recommended by hundreds as aES speedy remedy, also a permanent cure. • NURSE MANSFIELD, 46, LYSIAS ROAD, BALHAM, L._91•71- FOR MORE THAN TWENTY-FIVE YEARS DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS HAVE been universally admitted to be a RoOnecityo Womankind. They are the best known Re111,..,r or Ansemia, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling -0 • Meals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation Heart, Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregulariti and all Female Ailments. Boxes is. lid., 2s. 9d., and 11r. (Sample sent free). Only address I ORTOBELLO ROAD, NOTTING ItILL, LONDu` n

MEDICAL BROUGHAM, by Anne Cowburn, in excellent condition.—Apply Dr. DENHOLM, Chorlton-cum-Hardy, Manchester.

O_ . N SALE, stylish bred COB, dark brown, 15 bands, 5-years ; suit gentleman for light trap work ; warranted quiet to all road traille.--JoHN HEARSUM, Bank Vail, 'Hayfield, Derbyshire.

BAROUCHE for one horse, to be SOLD, in good condition ; no reasonable offer refused,—Apply to COACHMAN, 3a, Sandstone rd., Stoneycroft, Liver- pool.

SHORTHORN CALVES. VARMERS requiring the very best bred Shorthorn Calves Bulls or Heifers, for rearing purposes, should send at once for price list and particulars to FRED BRIGGS GILL, Bark Hill, Whitchurch, Salop.

Wanted. A DOPIION.—For love. Will country person. 13°Y - 9.—L., 84, Rosemary rd., Peckham. A GENTS WANTED, residing in country PBr.isi!,eBo - to call upon church officials. Good corarnl,sl;t4 offered.—Address CIIURCHWARDEN, 15, Basinghar. London.

A LITTLE EXTRA MONEY may be ealrred- -CIL readers in small country villages for acting ay agents to several popular periodicals. AnYbal4, eligible. Send postcard for particulars to Box WILLING'S, 125, Strand, London, W.C. CHRISTIAN Young Man Wanted to assist Minister; —Tuition given ; no salary at first.—Acirill. EVANGELICAL, C/O GOULD'S,S4, New Oxford st.,Lo llu_e-- CANADA.—NOW IS .THE TISIE TO EMIGE-es, to be ready for the Spring rush. Quick passegen Warm welcomes. Strong demand for farm hands, t 0 for railviay construction and domestic sercar Information and advice gladly given by LEO/4,"`" BENNETT, 8, King at., Warrington. VEIRISTIAN young Man wanted 'to assist ministes Tuition given. No salary at first.--Addre...s. EVANGELICAL, c/o Goulds, 54, New Oxford st.,Lorj9j! IPXPORTERS.--Young Englishman seeks a pP°' .114 ment Manager foreign depot.—M., 11, socott r Battersea, London. GOVERNESS.—Student for September,teach Freec Latin, Algebra; mutual teams with advantagee RITA, "Examiner" Officer, Warrington--' ! KNACKERS ! KNACKERS ! ! KNACKERS • Best possible prices given for dead or wore Horses or Cattle. Prompt removal on the shortest no' ,r 5 any distance up to 16 miles.—ENoLtsa Puorlgcrif, CO., LTD., Menure Manufacturers, Longford IV° no Warrington. Telegrams " Stearine," Warringt" Telephone 299. RESPECTABLE MEN having spare time can Prf-rait ably increase weekly income selling Po "',ji Enlargements.—Particulars, MANAGER, 15 White'- d., Thornton Heath, S.E. ;nail REPRESENTATIVES, residing in the pray'-ce9 only, required by a London firm; referecoo before engaging.—Address REP, Box 5895, c/o SHARIt & THATCHER, Holborn Place, London, W.C. TRAVELLERS (coun' ry) WANTED, bY (If established firm, to sell goods. Splendid deroserf , in every trade. Good openingfor pushing men. V 4,1, high commission paid promptly. No risk,—BO X 6,4 c/o Sharrow & Thatcher, Holborn Place, London, 12;:--- Volt t2WEEKLY for 3 hours' work daily. instructions on receipt of 3 penny stBll3P SimPsicA, 2, The Facade, Harringay, London, N.

WANTED 4,000 Farmhands for New South ray- Australia. assisted passages,employment 0%01 teed.---BETHELL; GWYN & CO., Baldwin at., EARNEST YOUNG MEN .r.e. WILL FIND A USEFUL AND PROFITAIb"' SPHERE IN THE SERVICE OF THE „ PIONEER LIFE ASSURANCE Those resident in Lancashire, Yorkshire, 31 Newcastle, North and South Wales preferred. PARTICULARS POST FREE. PIONEER LIFE OFFICE, 67, DALE LIVERPOOL.

Motor Cars and Cycles et_q_•_.-- 5 WHAT'S this, £8 Bs. Spitfire Cycles, guarxtit,eetoj. sears £3 12s. 6d.—JusTlN, 43,Stokescroft, 10s.—Guaranteed Cycles ; extraordinary valtie as, 00.0 every purchaser pleased.—R/CKCORD'S sTef lVfartock. Somerset. Established 1887. TIARGAINS IN CVCLES.--New d an sccOoger Selling out at cost price. No remonable ° refused.-22, POWYS Sr., Wa r r ingt on. OVERNESS CAR R.T., suit 13 bands ; Second-11m ‘3l. R.T. Butcher's Carts, Builders's Spring Hawker's Cart, Light Lurry.—SwAN, Palatine r Northenden. MAZE MOTOR TYRE COMPANY Retread Enocleri Covers; guaranteed equal to new; charges; price list free; Chauffeur's watch given ‘rsw each non-skid retread.-6.0.-HICHESTER MEWS,LOWI 9-1 BARGAIN.—Lady's Cycle, magnificent Cover?.;,tris, machine; very latest, highest grade plated ri.-„or no rim brakes, ball free-wheel, all accessories ; Christmas; not soiled; k guaranteed; no use to Sri £4 10s. ; approval before cash.—K. STIICKEY, Oa Clarendon rd., Weston-super-Mare. 10 0 BRAND NEW CYCLES to clear at 0.4;110 carriage paid, British make and fittli-og throughout, full guarantee 2 rim brakes, coil attr,4s, saddle, complete, with good lamp, hell, all fitTAerod Midland tyres, £3 19s. lid. ; extras, lady's 55., qi,;55-- special tyres 55., Dunl.ops 10s., any make 3-speed `"" MAIRSDEN, Horton at., Halifax. CAil YCLE Bargain to any one at wants a Gent's. „e- that Grade Coventry Machine, new at Xmas, six times, must be turned into cash, two bes'tri brakes, ball free-wheel, latest high grade, 1909 Co' cycle, plated rims, best of all things, all accesThie Lamp and everything guaranteed, worth donv. £3 12s. 6d., approval willingly before cash sent.-- HANDO, 6, Southbourne terrace, Weston-Super-Mal:% --- CYCLE.—Marvellous sacrifice. Gent's New 4.vres Machine highest grade, fitted with Clincher erf Crabbe roller lever front and back rim brakes, the „„„5, atest. - Perry's ball-bearing free wheel, plated rwd.. coloured centres, black enamelled and lined fraine,Tlete guards; magnificent machine, not soiled ' cc4nr 6d4 with gas lamp, bell, pump, spanner, &c. ; £3' 18B'isai great bargain, worth double. Will send on approttidge distance before cash sent.—M'HousE, St. Pitman rd., Weston-Super-Mare.

- - Machinery etc. FOR SALE, two Riley's Screw Filling Machilleip,p, power Hay Cutter and two gas engines,l2 9,11c1,000 respectively. No reasonable offer refusod.—W. AND CO., LTD., Walkden, nr. Manchester.

__Houses and Land on Sale. LAND FOR SALE, Freehold or Lea.sehold, on easy terms, in Latchford. Grappenhall and Fearnhead.— ,717 E. ENGLAND, Corporation St. Chambers, 1.1221ngt on.

11-17RTON'S MATRIMONIAL and CORRESPOND- ING BUREAU • all classes suited prospectus rkl lists two stamps.--11 BURR ST" Dunstable. ATRIm ONIAL G AZETTE.—Best Introductory -0 Medium. In plain sealed envelope, 3d.-238, '4CCLESHALL RD., Sheffield.

ATRlMONY.—Professional gentleman, bachelor, Az& middle-aged, seeks the hand of an amiable, uraest:cated, Christian lady of means, must be refined affectionate; replies in strictest confidence, from truleipals only, with real name and address to write aatk to, all others ignored.—T.F.MoNTAGu, 71,Nunhead 'ane, Peckham Rye, London, S.E. . .

- - • f`i ‘x.APES in Chickens, etc.—Berg's Moneyback Gape Cure, astounding chemical used in a novel bner ; absolute cure one minute, easy to use, money t;turnei if it fails to cure, price Is. 3d.—BEßG,Chemist, • 1-erlei,Devon. POULTRY and PIG FEEDING made PROFITABLE by using CELEBRATED FEEDING MEALS at 4. and 10s. per sack of 180Ibs.,,sacks free, carriage ~01-arp within 22 miles radius of Manchester; cash with PILOT CATTLE FOOD COMPANY, 11, Chapman Manchester.

PEROVA DRY FEED, Rears from the Shell. The Best on the Market. Editor of Poultry' says It is PERFECTION. OP ALL CORN DEALERS, GROCERS &c. Wholesale only of NEWTH. GUYMER & CO.. BELVEDERY ROAD, LONDON, S.E. lIARE YOUR HATS FASHIONABLE.

'NACRE, Ccenr Convent, Hal, Brussels, Boarding 3 _7-ming Ladies, £2O yearly, ask prospectus Ft E PRIORY SCHOOL, WARRINGTON 'A• Principal: Miss DRING, L.L.A., A.C.P. ssisted by a quAlifiei Staff, including B. A. and L.R.A.U. Prospectus on application.

•. • - Vt:VENOR COLLEGE, for Girls, Kenilworth.—High and bracing position, home training find comforts; ge garden, gynasium, tennis, &c. ; Autumn term •YPteniber 16. References and prospectus on application. To THOSE WHO WISH TO GEPON.—Tbe Inter- so national Correspondence School offer a Practica- 1, Y Rising, Money Earning education.—For parti- Al:rrs Write mentioning trade, BERTRAM FENSOME, !....Le_sijltßoyston, Barnsley. -N°l-ITHPORT MODERN SCHOOL.—AN IDEAL e SCHOOL FOR BOYS. Languages, Science, and ,e°llanlercial Subjects Swimming, Gymnastics, Wet -A /3113anY. Staff includes 8.A.,M.5c., F.C.V., Officier d' 44clernie, er.c. Foreign pupils received. Prospectus READm ASTER. IVIR. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.M., Professor of loh Music, Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's •curell. PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY,. HARMONY, NTERPO IN T, MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 tricates and Prizes gained by Pupils. Large three- /34,110ml Organ for pupil's practlce.—For terms apply ..„I,_OVELY LANE and LEGH ST., Warrington. IVIARPLE HIGH SCHOOL, CHESHIRE Principals: The Misses RICHARDSON, High-class 1),,„°,01 for Girls and Young Boys; thorough education; ,ziraiT3 prepared for external examination if desired; Taw advantages offered in Music and Modern 117iguages, Beautiful country situation. Bracing Air 2,..4,L__•ders received.

_ ''‘ETH.—COTTAGES, 2s. Bd., and 2s. 6d., per week z 7,• WASH LANE, rent 75., per week. O„ATHERINE STREET, rent 4s. per week. 143 rERC y STREET, rent ss. per week. ' KNUTSFORD ROAD, Latchford, House, two ,• entertaining and four bedrooms; £24 a year. ROGHALL LANE, Warrington, semi-detached 'louse, two entertaining and three bedrooms; large 414,Yard ; £l7. 1E-FOOT, Warrington, small 2-storey Works, ITAiwith river frontage and good yard ; suit any trade. NOOK LANE, Penketh, good semi-detached I.l,olesidence ; large garden ; sunny situation ; £4O. 'ET-GATE, Warrington. good Double Office, ,nlost central position in town ; good light ; £l6. vI"Y ItortEßT LOWE, Estate Agent, No. 1 Bank Street Warrington. Telephone—No 55. 1110 LET 17, FOLLY LANE.—Apply WOODS & SON Horsemarket Street, Warrington. 110 LET, HOUSE, Leigh Villas, Knutsford rd.; o rent £16.---Apply ALDiam, Leigh Villas jenbafl LET.—GOOD HOUSE, Hopwood-street; 3 bed „ • •uoms,- rent ss. 6d.—Apply WOODS AND SON, JcA.021,, Horsemarket st. • OBE LET, No. 2, FAIRFIELD RD., LATCHFORD. , --Two sitting, four bedrooms, bathrooms, w.c. ; "en ; position, newly decorated; key next door. TO LET excellent HOUSE, Whitefield rd.,Stoe.kton to heath ; two entertainicg, four bedrooms, b0x- t413,t13, bath. separate w.c. ; good garden ; moderate j. HALLIWELL, Market at., Warrington. trOOD Six-roomed HOUSE TO LET, No. 1 • Algernon st., Warrington; rent 4s. 9d. per week sit:r.—Apply, CRAMPTON, Provision Merchant, Bridge ' 111 & J. L. TUNSTALL AND CO. • BEWSEY CHAMBERS, WARRINGTON. ESTATE AGENTS AND VALUERS. VTR HAVE TO LET : C,ll^'L-C.LASS SHOP in Bridge at., near Market-gate ; b.,,olPdiate posseesion. • ELLENT SHOP in Bridge st., end of June. 'a-DETACHED VILLA, Knutsford rd., Grappenhall tipod situation, £3l per annum. iIeINDID FAMILY ROUSE; central; £25 p.a, *I„uSES in Parker at., £l6 per annum. "xta,ST-CLASS CORNER SHOP. in main at., £35 p.a. STOREY BUILDING with Stable, in Penketh ; tioould suit bakehouse or laundry. I_,AII,I„SES in Sankey Bridges, 3s. to Sc. 6d. per week. 1-) for building purposes. CLASS HOUSES, White at., and Dixon at.

''''''omzesswww, zronsmimmilommtuomme LADIES' and CHILDREN'S HAIR e" be preserved, beautified, and enriched for years by using D'SROWLAN hL,ACASSAR OIL Stre` Prevents baldness and scurf, and s ,ntrthens and restores the hair; also in S!z";.°ltlen Colour for fair or grey hair. (An 6 7/-, 10/6. Sold by Stores, Chemists. Rowland & Sons. Hatton Garden. ldon.

. . .. ... . ....2 , 0 -.....• ) I 1 II)) I( . 1 -1/b0 ..°lllll ( 'lll il I y I __=-_=,_ , g •.....--i ,:iii; 111 111 .......,,:, ' '' -\,--• k -'-- rA ' I'll ( 111 11 ~- • ... - • -• \ . :. • - • (1 11 / /7/ 1 l • 47k- ., 7 r_Ott. ' ~t 4 ck. oqql • :;.;'.' , ----,:;-.; 14:1/4.,'r nreifl..T!•--..- - i -4- ...., ...-...,5;t.':;:- Eli i; .' .I)i,- .:---_,,---.= ‘ 4, „....... -,V., 1W • l' (111 - ' Ifi I 1 1 ' *' 2 ' ' , -2.- .. ,:z<S- , ~....\ , _.•^ .. . 11 ,A,..1, I i --- ~,,„- , ...ilii-,.7Q-4)!_i ~:i.,(7,,,... . -- -- /.K.,..4-..,-;-, .:.: f li-„,..._ / ...„.„ ...., t,,,:.:.- ~,..4. , ~,,,,,..,.......,___„..,,,i..:0,. i ~,,/,,-, ... -.F,- #,. ! • \, j.:frir ~' ,--4 ''.l 1 ,;11:i-: .1/ : :51; 11- ' .: (L . _,....„;.; ZlO,. ' // .f.1•41:1•1. ~ t I • d',.......' 'II I It, e,... 9y ,-,- - ,IY/. : I „, \:.,,..,,,, /„. ~,.., Li% ;, ~, P.(---7... :._., ',. ,f ft \., ___„-----..j .4 ,;., ~.e.l- ;.-t:•3,i i I Ifr 1 1 --"1"f • , ~7 ~,, . ' ' '''''°'';' t f• \ ' 'Mg 1j I— 1.3-.•.:7.-::: , • T:: '? .?1-1 I I'll 'II 1111'1' e.1.14:1\--\--4jit ,-:,\ ..\,., '7, 1 111 ,n 4_lll, ~4, / 0 _____,_>, • i ‘. 1;', 14'1,-- V.A \ c 11 ,lit .1,,\ ,\5,:...:,------ - .....), .., _____. 7 11 ,41, \\ •_'..--______4--------=-:. ,' -IP it , f , / / /if ,i,,i,.,,,,,;,;,„,,,,‘,\,\\ \\ ~\ , ~_ _t..,, it. .., N , -_-_----.--,--_ it...--- -1, i~,..,z,..t. . qi. ~,\'‘ 1 \\ . ''' : ,----•-:-.4.- ---7--'-' '. s',---,----- 17 ' //,' 4 1,1,k t\ \\ '‘,i- / ift —.l ~ . \,, \ •, . —4'`_ il.- ..t , , I \l', __-- •6•• --- ","; -,- --- -.?.------ . • • --- e-TICk:-L--:::•----- :•*-- - ---'''"'"-----""------------- ' -;:...---..,",,- -c; -; %•-:-0.,,,•'--__.---•°-''''-'----------'-.------_j7-- _..,. . . . . ...- - . , - -• . • c•--- • c'•C-0.-‘ l• (1/4:::-.... _,......,...-;.• : „.:_.,......,-,:. .. - .„---.............-!.....-•-----/ -----"*". a --------=-.--.:,,,—..- --:-....-- .

- abont PATENTS 't BOOKLET post free front -• JOHN G. WILSON & Co., Chartered Patent Tinents, 55,filarket St., Blanchester._

CLARIti TIM MIXTURE

THE WORLD-FAMED BLOOD PURIFIER. DOR cleansing and clearing the blood of all )1 impurities from whatever cause arising. " Clarke's B!ood Mixture" cannot be bettered. It has over 40 years' reputation, and is to-day more popular than ever, the reason being un- doubtedly because it is recognised throughout the world to be the only safe, thorough and lasting remedy Ric Eczema, Scrofula, Scurvy, Bad Legs, Ulcers, Abscesses. Bolls, Pimples, Blotches, Spots. Sores, Eruptions of every kind, Blood Poison, Glandular Swellings, Rheumatism. Gout, etc. kik Of all Chemists & Stares, 2/9 per Bottle. A

PERMANENTLY CURES Skin& Mood Diseases OF EVEF.Y DESCRIPTION.

'yea anis' dlos CURES when all other Remedies fail IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC RELIEVING ALL PAIN AND THROBBING MP SOON OW The Worst Corns and Bunions. Boxes 1/li. of all Chemists. M. Beetham & Sons Chemist Cheltenhani•

Fp-%A 741 ,/- \\ f- "oz.— , \ 01 ;, ri)° "I)/ ..,42,11/.-5 v5.,,,1 -----

/L W. BENSON, Ltd. THIS NAME on a Watch is the HALL-MARK of RELIABILITY It means that the materials and work- manship used in its construction are the Best Obtainable regardless of cost that the Watches carrying it are made by J. W. BENSON, Ltd. It appears only on BENSON'S WATCHES RENOWNED as the MOST RELIABLE IN THE WORLD. They are made in Gold and Silver. all patterns of Cases, for Ladies or Gentlemen. From £5 to £l,OOO. AT LOWEST CASH PRICES or on "tb2 CIIIICS " System of MONTHLY PAYMENT.

MEMBERS OF THE NEW ORNITHOLOGICAL SOCIETY. • or-'ive Members of the Stockton Heath and District 4.lthelogical Society held their first nest feather show % Ifall Cafe, Stockton Healb,en Saturday. ta Notwith- u, the -illg the severe losses the members have bad during `47 Eeaten doubtless through the many changes in tbe eathe ' etitri r, and the Society being in is first year, the ofileeers were very favourable and elcoaraging to the Tha classes were fairly well filled, especially tetweL43l',lre and British classes ; there being altogether l'ery (A.l and 60 birds staged, some of them beg Di "e, Promising, and typical birds. e judging Nril the had of Mr. R. NV: Knowles (Earlesto.vn) P. Leigh (Warrington), who gave entire satis- 14%,„„iiLLI _the placing of the awn/As, which were as

. _ ._.._ ..• llu ..),IL- .: ' ' -:;-.• lIT.V' "WI .. , 0 ~ • . . • 74r ,_-- - - „- it.- .A ..,/ ...0,9, ._ A TUG OF WAR between STRENGTH and sCIENCE is not tried in HORLICK'S MALTED MILK but STRENGTH and SCIENCE. have combined to malice it an IDEAL FOOD FOR YOUNG AND OLD ALIKE BABIES THRIVE ON IT. INVALIDS RECOVER ON IT.

INSTANT RELIEF RAPID CURE of GOUT AND Ri-lEUMATISM by -BADE'S PILLS. AFTER 12 YEARS' SUFFERING! -- 27, Industry Terrace, Brixton, London, S.W. June 4th, 1908. Sir,—After suffering with Rheumatic Gut for about twelve years, for over seven years of the time being under several doctors and for seven or eight weeks at a tune in bed, I was advised to give your Gout and Rheumatic Pills a trial. I did so and am now NEVER WITHOUT THEA if I can help it. I find two or three pills give relief in two or three hours. You are at liberty to make USA of my testimonial in any way you like.-Yours truly, A, BURRIDGE. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, andare highly restorative. Sold everywhere in Bottles, is. lid. and 2s. 9d. or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor, GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. fEADE'S GOUT & R

Splendid! Thanks!! One does not hear this or a similar expression of glad feeling as often as one could wish, and its absence is frequently due to man's dilatoriness in exercising a proper care for his health. The habit of procrastination is strong in human nature. A slight indisposition—a feeling of being a bit "below par"—is given very little heed to, with the result that alarming symptoms often ensue. It is a truism that most sickness takes its rise in a disordered or weak stomach—a torpid state of the liver and bowels—inactive kidneys—for any of these derangements ',.* - ,-• ." ' -. ,"" ' '. ' t' tf k, ; 9,•, - ..., • 40,.. ....., - • ~... 4...,;‘, -• -4,- • ii : A , C ~ :p •• ~:4 -, - ; 41, 14:-. . . ...-..- 4`•••! A '.• .71,.. ':• • . '''''. , . .„-J. -0 . ..s• . , .40• .*k 4. 4:•,: 4.14. ~-. ~..)-' 0,. , .F.: . . = • . .....a, .. ...."—, , ..,- • , may be depended upon with absolute confidence to effect a cure. There- fore, never permit the trouble to gain a hold upon your constitution— check it at the outset. Whether it be a case of indigestion, Biliousness, Constipation, or an Anwmic and impure state of the blood, you should at once set about fortifying yourself by entering upon a course of Beecham's Pills. All sensations of depression and undue fatigue will disappear, your energies will speedily revive, you will regain all your lost vigour, and ere long you will join with tens of thousands of others in saying that for "putting one right' BEECHAM'S PILLS I .4,-, , -I-; eserve All -:.1/4' raise.

1 BUY YOUR a FURNITURE From the LARCEST and MOST RELIABLE : FIRM, THE „GLOBE ti FURNISHING CO. ~ 't (J. R. GRANT, Proprietor), '3 - PEMBROKE PLACE . LIVERPOOL. 4 Discount for Cash - EASY TERMS of Payments 4: To Suit tho Convenience of i 1 CUSTOMERS. FREE DELIVERY TO ALL PARTS. 3 DINING-ROOM FURNITURE .., el DRAWING-ROOM FURNITURE i BEDROOM FURNITURE Hundrcds of Suites in all Coverings and Woods. f:. WRITE FOR CATALOGUE. • You will Save Pounds by doing so. - - ,„.... , FURNISHINC CO. (J. R. GRANT, Proprietor), I. : PEMBROKE PLACE, LIVERPOOL. CLASCOW-510 Sauchiehall Street LBELFAST—High Street

/110 CAPITALISTS.—REQUIRED, CAPITALISO to form a LIMITED COMPANY WITH £100,000.. to take over and develop WELL-PROMISING COPPEg, MINES. situated NEAR LAIBACH (AUSTRIA.? Splendid return assured. GENUINE INVESTMENT! Personally inspected.—For PARTICULARS apPIY •A" HOWARD & CO., 35, DERONDA RD., LONDON. SS, • flis rpo CAPITALISTS.—Wanted, CAPITALISTS `511•,.. I £25,000, to form a BUILDING COMPANY, 1. " take over a LARGE PLOT OF' GROUND, situated GOOD RESIDENTIAL DISTRICT NEAR COLOGN...rrA: Good profits in view. SOUND AND WELL-PAYIz4', INVESTMENT.—PrincipaIs address: A. HOWARD CO., 35, DERONDA RD., LONDON, S.E.

L to £5,000 Without Security to All Classes.-- cl/410 Strictest privacy, honourable dealings, any distance. No delay by the following repayments : £lO Loan from 310 wkly. I £lOO Loan from 22/6 %via* £2O „. 5/0 „ I £2OO ff 40/0 £5O , 12/0 „ £5OO 90/0 Monthly & quarterly payments taken.—SAM.UELS CO„ Queen's Chambers, 5, John Dalton at., Manchester MONEY LENT to male or female householders, e 44, promissory note at low rates.—MANAGEB, Percy st„ off Lovely lane, Warrington (private hous_o4

CASH ACCOMMODATION. ' L 3 to £I,OOO.—INTEREST 29. 6d. in the £ for agree& period. £3 repay £3 7s. 6d., £5 repay £5 12s. 6cl•P' 1 £lO repay £ll ss. W. JACKSON, 6, PARKER BT., WARRINGTC._

NO FEES. NO St.TRETIE.. £lO to £l,OOO on Note of Hand alone, to all classes without auy delay or fuss. £lO repay 12s. monthly. £5O repay 508. monthli• £2O „ 20s. „ I £lOO , 80s. , . Special terms for short pesiods ; distance DO ObjeC:'/ letters answered immediately ; privacy guaranteed.lo —. KAY & CO., 92, Market at., Nanchester. Tel.:

NO FEES WHATEVER CHARGED. BEFORE APPLYING TO LOAN OFFICES 01 LOAN COMPANIES, CONSULT ME, and will let you have an advance from £2O upward, lower interest than any office in the United Kingdoa Call or write (note my only address). N. STAFFORD, 55, CROSS STREET, MANCHESTER.

_foi.'Z TO 5,000 LENT DAIL of.dO LOWEST INTEREST IN ENGLAND. „ £5 lo an, Repay 2s. weekly I £25 loan, Repay 105. WeesA7 „ „ 4s. „ £2O „ 12s. £l5 „ „ 6s. „ £5O „ 20s. ft £2O „ „ Bs. „ I £lOO „ „ 355. 9: 0, No Sureties, no Delay, no Publicity. Special attentio applicants from this district. METROPOLITAN LOAN & DISCOUNT CO. ~v,. 219, BRUNSWICK ST.,OXFORD RD., MANCHESTrs'A and at 19, WITTON ST, (over Bradley's Clothing Sh°L'' NORTHWICH.

OtrHE R E"S A CHANCE FOR Y £5 TO £5OO. Have the hard times affected you? Are you back in your rent or rates? Do you owe the Doctor, Grocer, or Any other bills? • WHY WORRY. Let me advance the money to pay off all those worrisome bills, let me help you to get a fresh start. Your credit is good with, ; me,. you will be surprised to find how easy it Is to borrow money, and how easy to• repay the loan. INTEREST LOW & REPAYMENT EASY. No matter what rates others advertise, or what rates you are paying, or have paid anY other office, I will make you a loan at a lower rate of interest and easier repaY' ment. Call or write to the actual lender, J. LORD, 33, GOLBORNE,STREET, (off Sankey Street), WARRINGTON. Opposite Golbome Street Church.

WIDNES. £5, £7, £lO, £O, £3O, £5O, £lOO. vs... ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRAP.' 11_, MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and 3 with' Respectable Householders, on their own security, ~ out delay, on our simple written promise to pay )3301" FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS•, M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNE,Ri FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JOHN E. GOODWIN) ..fe N.B—Warrington and Runcorn Applicant may recta' Money any Evening at their own Homes. ,----r

PRIVATE CASH ACCOMMODATION- £3 TO £lOOO. BEST TERMS. LOWEST INTEREST AND REPAYMENTS IN ENGLAND. CASH ADVANCES MADE DAILY on the followia terms or as mutually agreed upon : Icls'' £3 loan Is. Od. weekly I 10 loan 2s. 6d; wow. £5 loan is. 6d. weekly I £2O loan ss. Od. wee",*. 5.7 loan 2s. Od. weekly I £5O loan 12s. 6d. wee" Other sums in same proportion. 11 If you are in need of cash assistance you will do lir to apply to me at once and I will advance you sufficle. er r... for your needs. Fair treatment and honest LanctiPh dealings is my motto. -Strictest privacy observed. NO FINES. :NO SURETIES. Apply in confidence by letter or personally to- , M. SEFTON. 31, CAIRO STREET, WARRINGTON'. Miss C. COTTERILL (Manageress).

IN MEMORIAM. f HOLLAND.--In most tender and loving memory dear Willie, who passed away July 33rd, 1907.--" r r' Father, Mother and Edith. Hewitt-street, Latchf_o_iogerd•
