===== 0002601_19091002_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
CITIZENS' TEMPERANCE LEAGUE. A CONFERENCE WILL BE HELD IN BOLD STREET WESLEYAN SCHOOLROOM ON THURSDAY EVENING NEXT, OCTOBER 7TH AT 7.30. SPEAKERS : ROBERT CAMERON, ESQ., M.P. REV. CHARLES HARVEY COOK. JOHN UPSON, Esq., J.P. , THE CHAIR, WILL BE TA.KM: BY MRS. JAMES DODDS , (President of the Warrington Band of Hope Union). ALL INTERESTED IN TEMPERANCE WORK ARE CORDIALLY INVITED TO ATTEND.

tAIPIRE SKATING RINKS (WARRINGTON) LIMITED).

Opp SANKEY ST., OPPOSITE PARK GATES. GRAND OPENING DAY, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 12TH. Tibt Tr? - ',HOLE OF THE PROCEEDS (AFTERNOON Sc EVENING IN AID OF THE WARRINGTON INFIRMARY AND OTHER LOCAL CHARITIES.

KEEP THE DATE OPEN! FIRST CLASS FLOOR. I'HE LARGEST SKATING AREA IN THE DISTRICT. aItrILDING LOFTY AND WELL VENTILATED.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
HIGH CLASS BAND

FOR AFTERNOON AND EVENING SESSIONS. 4„0111FORT AND PLEASURE for Patrons, Skaters, 'AI Non-Skaters alike.

DONT FORGET THE DATE, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 12TH, PULL PARTICULAaIN iTTURE ADVERTISEMENT.

WARRINGTON MUSICAL SOCIETY OPERA SECTION'.

I'ARR HALL, OCTOBER 11TH TO 16TH (INcLusrvE).

SIX GRAND PERFORMANCES )3Y psrmission of Mrs. Doyly Carte of the entirely

original Comic Opera in two acts THE PIRATES OF PENZANCE

By W. S. Gilbert and Arthur Sullivan.

IIY MEMBERS OF THE MUSICAL SOCIETY.

LITE PLAN OF RESERVED SEATS IS NOW Opp 1.1 at Mr. R. H. PEARSON'S Music Warehouse, ridge at., Warrington. irStserved Orchestra Stalls, 35.; Second Seats (Body ‘:4! 11511) reserved, ; Reserved Centre Gallery, 3s.' • l(le Galleries, Promenade and Back Gallery, is. ; Back deats (Body of Hall), a limited number, only 6d. Early for ticket-holders only, 6.45 p.m. Ordinary doors Pen 7.1.6. Curtain rises 7.45. Carriages 10.15. J,HE ILLUSTRATED PROGRAMME of the Opera "Igl summary of the story and the music.—Pß ICE 3D. HY. BOND. Hon. Sec. and Treas.

ALLLAN LINE TO CANADA UNDER GOVERNMENT CONTRACT FOR CONVEYANCE OF CANADIAN MAILS. EXPRESS WEEKLY SERVICE

_ 1, TURBINE STEAMERS ; UNSURPASSED 'CUISINE. 40U1311 RATES TO ALL PARTS OF CANADA AND U.S.A. p,'°l4 LIVERPOOL ... CORSICAN ... Oct. 7 GLASGOW ... lONIAN ... Oct. 9 LONDON(via Havre) CORINTHIAN... Oct. 16 01 handbooks, maps, and full details for settlers, exists, and others, apply ALLAN LINE, 19, James Liverpool; 51Pall Mall. S. W., 103, Leadenhall St. '.,London ; 25, Bothwell St. Glasgow, or local agent

THOMAS EDISON'S LATEST AND GREAT EST INVENTION.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
r AM 1L....__

YOUR EDISON GEM.

Standard, Home or Triumph can be fitted to play the new OVER FOUR MINUTE AMBEROL Record. Every Edison Record and Machines always in Stock. Particulars and Lists free from the Expert in Talking Machines

===== 0002601_19091002_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
JAKE GRAHAI‘L

76 SG 76A, RENSHAW STREET, 87, 271, PARK ROAD, LIVERPOOL. Every Gramophone, Zonophone and Twin Disc Record in Stock,

===== 0002601_19091002_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
SAM N. GREEN,

THE SPOT SHOP,

(FISH MARKET)

===== 0002601_19091002_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR EVERYTIIING

H. N. HOUGHTON,

Telephone 385 x.

33, BRIDGE STREET, Warrington.

Established over 100 years.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
OVEReOriTS. OVEReORTS.

rill the newest Cloths- and Styles now showing. SEE WINDOW. 41CJECZE.X1FIK, 36 BUTTERMARKET STREET, Warrington:

Tel. No. 123.

ESTABLISHED 60 YEARS (in -Warrington). Tel. No. 123.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
E.

Forshaw & Son, Ltd • g ENGINEERS, BOILERMAKERS, IRON & BRASS FOUNDERS, Mersey Boiler Works, Mersey Street, Warrington. Makers of IRON CASTINGS from the smallest size up to 20 tons weight. Clean Well-moulded and of the Highest Quality. To buy the best finished castings is to frequently save 50 per cent. in labour.

BRASS CASTINGS (any weight) ; Gunmetal, Copper, Aluminium, Phosphor Bronze, Damaxine, Acid Proof Metal and all other Alloys.

CONSTRUCTIONAL IRON AND STEEL WORK, Corrugated Iron Roofs and Buildings, Farmers' Hay Sheds, Barns, Store Sheds, &c., Iron and Steel Tanks, Cisterns, Steam Jacketted Pans, Boilers, &c. Repairs by Experienced and Skilled Workmen to all kinds of Machinery and to Steam Boilers, Gas Engines, Traction Engines, Motor Cars, Dynamos, Steam Engines, Oil Engines, Road Rollers, Motor Waggons, Electric Motors, ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING. Speciality Work. Drawings and expert advice

submitted -free.

Heavy Machining and Forging done for the trade. Turning up to 15 feet diameter. Planing up to 5 feet square. Slotting up to 18-inch stroke. Milling, Punching, Shearing and Bending, Pressing, Dishing, Flanging and Rivetting by hydraulic pressure. Unlimited Tackle and Special Appliances for efficiently dealing with Repairs and Breakdown work, accumulated during an establishment of 60 years

===== 0002601_19091002_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
IT IS 2 y `Ft os tR' mcDOUG .A S Patent SELF-RAISING FLOUR TBE, BEST.

MESSRS. PEARSON AND KNOWLES ANNUAL MEETING,

MR. 1iA.13.17103D BANNZR. tfl.P , AND THE DISTRIBUTION OF PROFITS. A Comparison Betweein th Earnings GI Capltal and Labour.

The :; ith annual general meeting of the Pearson and Knowles Ccal and Iron Compony,Umited,was held at the Company's otidc,es, Warrington, on Monday, for the pur- pose of receiving and pasing the accounts for the year ending dune 3Cth last, and for transacting the general business of the company. Mr. J. S. Harmood Banner, M.P. (chairman of the Board of Directors) presided, and there were also prcsent : Messrs. John J. Bleckly, Herbert J. Bleakly, R. Brancker, W. Peter Ry!ands (directors), James Dodds- (secretor)), John.Knowlcs, John Temple, Charles E. Bunch, John Bleckly, jun., W. Richardsan, D. Garnett and J. Paul Rylands (share- holders).

THE CHAIRMAN'S REVIEW.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
The CHAIRNIAN, in presenting the accounts and reports (which have already appeared in the" Examiner") said he would first like to express the regret of the DirectUrs that their colleague, Mr. NV. H. Meekly, was not able to be present that day. (Hear, hear). lie was unfortunately taken ill immediately after their last Board Meeting, and ha purposed gaing away on a holiday, his doctors not consenting to allow him to be present that day. He (the Chairman) thought the share- holders would be satisfied with the dividend they paid and also Ns ith the accounts which they presented, show- ing, as they did, the .same care end regard to the future Interests of the Company in the, Reserves and Depreciation they provided that they had done in past years. They would observe on look- ing at the accounts that the loans had been reduced by £36,575. Creditors were reduced Ay £3,200 ; nhilst the Reserve Fund was increased by £20,000. On the other side of the account they have pursued the policy, as regarded land, plant, Ste. of writing off all additions: though he might say dust they had made considerable additions to their property so that that item stood that day at £550,610 against £559,531 last year and £570,347 the previous year. They were pursuing the policy of continuously writing down that value. The Investment Account showed an addition of £8,60, which was caused by further invest- ments they bad had to make in taking up the Deben- ttires of the Moss Hall Coal Company ; and they would observe—which was rather a curiosity of finance—that that Investment Account exceeded the amount of their Reserve Fund, so that they had teken out of their general assets £2D,500 for purposes of invest- ments they had found it desirable to make. In consequence of the lamentable accident at the May- pole Colliery which happened in August, 1908, they had had to finance the Moss Hall Coal Company, and their debt to them this year—that was at June 30th last— was about £22,000 larger than on the 30th June, 1908. He would have to refer later to the Maypole accident, and to the future finance in relation thereto. As regarded the profits made, the total for this year was £61,890, against the profit in 1903 of 2116,010, and in 1907 of £110,680. Both departments, iron and coal, looking at the state of trade, had done reasonably well; but naturally it was a great disappointment to them that this year they had radaced the profits from the two previous years, and he regretted that business in the present year had not so far led to the expectation that they would renew the profits of either 1907 or 19198. The total sales of their own ad affiliated departments in the ircn trade for lest year showed tales of £1,352,781, and of coal, £590,351. That was a reduction frcra the totals of 1908 by a considerable sum, the totals for this year being £1,943,132 against £2,419,435 of 1908, the tonnage production for similar periods being, ccal ira,n, combined, in 1909, 1,368,752 tons against 1,733,5(4 tons in 1908. There was one point he would-like particularly to emphasise—that the dividend of 4,1 per cent. which thee declared for this year dis- tributed a total of .240,2f0. The lest year's distribution was £80,587 ; the 1907 distribution was £75,250. Their total wages in all departments during 1909 paid to workmen amounted to £620,956, and looking at the view so strongly eapressed by Labour leaders of the unequal share in THE DISTRie,UTION OF PROFITS -BETWEEN CAPITAL AND LABOUR, he would ask them seriously to consider whether the addition of the whole of the profits distributed to sl-are- holders, v.iaich they had given as a sins of £40,220 would have made a serious addition to the wages of the workmen, or whether there was much to he said for a contention of unfairness in distributing the nett pro- ceeds of manufacture as to £620,900 to workmen and to capital .240,220. As they knew, they had an engineering branch which did quiet work, still a very useful work, towards the profits of the concern. The total sees for last year amounted ,to £225,557. As regarded their general iron work, there had been con- siderable difficulty in obtaining sufficient prices, but the combination with Messrs. Rylands Brothers, Limited, which was now an affiliated concern to them, by Ovine' them a constant custom and customer for certain branches of their work, had helped considerably for the benefit of themselves and their workmen in retaining trade. He would not like to let that occasion pass without mentioning one or two advantages and (difficulties which they were under .in the conduct of

THEIR IRON TRADE. In Australia it hid teen for some time impossible for British manufacturers to import certain manufactures affectink their production, as the Germans were always prepared to do the trade at excessively- low prices, assisted by the bounty s3stem and by their desire to get rid of surpins stocks. In the autumn of 1908 the Australian Government resolved that a bounty should be given to Australian manufacturers in respect of goods manufactured from Austral7an cr British material and in consequence a considerable advantage had accruel to British trade, for which they all, both work- men and employers, should be grateful to the Australian Government. .(Hear, hear.) On the other band, they had still to face a considerable competition in India from the Continent and America' who, whilst paying none of the heavy taxcs incurred by British manufac- tnrerers in respect of the Navy and Army, which was kept up for the defence of India amongst others, tad yet the free right and use of the Indian market for the sale of their wares, and had run us very hard, assisted by the bounty system and their desire to sell surplus- stock for which they had no market in their own country. In South Africa, also, all orders for certain classes of manufactures required for railway extension were placed in the hands of British manufacturers. Under the new policy of the present Commcnwealth, the whole of the buying for the Transvaal, and possibly the Orange River Colony, was dealt with in Africa, and the foreign manufacturer, who had contributed nothing towards the cost of the war, nor shared in the lament- able sacriaces which this country bed to make in order to retain possession of the South African Colonies' was able to oatain tha orders fr r trade which would have afforded thousands of pounds in wages to British work- ing men. As regarded ,

===== 0002601_19091002_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COAL TRADE

it. had been worked—Wilder-very great difficulties during the past year. In the first place prices had been con- tinuously falling, in consequence of the extreme depres- sion in the shipping trade, and also the home trade, and the Miners' Eight Hours Bill, the Cbeckweightman's Bill, and other measures which bad been passed by Parliament had rendered it extremely difficult to know how to meet the additional cost in working, and also to retain the production which was necessary in order to keep the cost of a colliery at a low level. He (the Chairman) would not refer to the output of Moss Hall Ccal ComPany, but in their own collieries of Pearson and lino :ries tlle output last year was considerably less than the output of the previous year, and this year the output was likely still further to decline, and conse- quently the cost of coal getting to rise. It might interest them to know that, based on actual figures since the SOth June last, the output of coal at the various collieries varied from S to 11 per cent. less than the ordinary basis of last year. Fortunately for the consumer trade was bad this year, and therefore prices bad not risen ; hot the consumer might take it that immediately trade revived, that shortness of coal, in which he thought they were quite on a par with their fellows in South Wales, Scotland and other places, would tell upon the quantities of coal available, and

COAL WOULD RISE UNDER THE EIGHT HOURS BILL quicker and sconer than it would if that Bill bad not been passed. (Hear, hear.) It was impossible to pass legislation of that description without the consumer having to pay for it. There was one other fact in con- nection with the Mine:s' Eight flows Bill which was of interest, and that wes from their ow n figures they found that the miner was receiving—notwithstanding the fact that wages rates were not reduced less in wages than before the Eight Hours Bill was passed.He believed that was a raoder.ite amount, and in South Wales and other places the reduction in wages received by the miner was considerably higher. That was a very serious thing for the miners, I and he sympathized with them, .as he was sure they all did, in this serious reduction n their wages ; but at the present price of coal and in the difficulties under which the getting of coal was now carried on, hg thought he was right in saying that the sale price of coal was below the cost of production. He was sure they would all sympathiza with their Directors and with their managers especially both at Wigan and at Moss Hell, in the great extra labour they bad had to undergo this year. (Hear, hea-.) In the first place they had had the anxiety of this' new legislation ; in the next place they had hld to face the consequences of the accident at the Maypole, to which all their talent had been applied as to how to put out the fire, re-open the shafts and renew the getting of coal. They bad also had to face the Press comments in relation to that fire, and a long and prolonged inquest which was held in connection there- with. The accident at Maypole happened at a time when they had entered on a career of importance at that colliery, based on their expectations of profits ' which were, at the time of the accident, being fully

- Mr. WILLIAM RICHARDSON seconded, and the motion was carried. THANKING THE CHAIRMAN.

Mr. J. J. BLF,crer.v, in proposing a vote of thanks to Mr. Harrnood Banner for his services in the cLair, said as his (the speaker's) brother had said, they were proud to follow such a chief. They were sorry that his sound financial principles did not commend themselves to the House of Commons. They were sorry for the liouse of Commons that it could not produce any one with financial principles equal to what they could find in that room.

Mr. BRANCKER seconded, and the motion was heartily agreed to. The CHAIRMAN in reply, said he knew they bed their difficulties to face, but they were encouraged by the shareholders to exhibit the greatest activity. They hid first-rate officials to take charge of their business both here and at Messrs. Rylands Bros. and at Wigan. Without them the Chßirman and the Board would not be able to facs their difficulties.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
realized. Their managers, therefore, had bad to put in a new electrical plant, a new screening apparatus and a new washery for coal, which would have cost before they were finished over <£50,000, and to superintend and look after the erection of the same, notwithstanding the fact that owing to the accident the collieries were idle. The work could not he postponed, as it was already ordered, and when completed would render the Moss Hall a splendidly equipped colliery. (Hear,hear). Undoubtedly there was some improvement in the ircn trade, .which he hoped n ight continue, and coal he trusted, might follow. He could only add that their managing directors and their managers, both at Warring- 'ten and Wigan, including those at the Moss Hall Colliery Company, gave great attention and industry to the care of their interests. (Hear, hear.) He moved that the report and accounts be adopted. _ Mr. JOHN J. BLECKLY seconded. Mr. TEMPLE, in supporting, said the Eight Hours Bill was in his opinion, going to add considerably to the cost of all-inanufactures. The iron works were hit now; the Bill would hit them worse, and hit every industry in Ih3 country. .

The report and balaLee sheet were adopted.

THE DIVIDEND.

The CHAIRMAN moved: "That the usual dividend at the rate of six per cent. per annum on the Prefer- ence Shares, and a dividend also at the rate of six per cent. per annum on the ordinary shares both less tax, and for the half-year ended 3Gth June fast, he paid on and after the 29th instant." _

Mr. J. J. BLECKLY seconded, and said he did so with mixed feelings—cne of disappointment, the other of satisfaction. It wag, of course, disappointing, after what they did last year, to come down to 4 per cent. dividend. It would have teen very much pleasant; f to him to have proposed end for them to have sanc- tioned a dividend of a higher amount. However, he thought that in the circumstances which the Chair- man had explained, they might be satisfied that they had come out as well as they had done. (Hear, hear). They had had a bad year, and, in common with other people in their trade, had suffered from the general depressicu. They could legitimately congratulate themselves upon the policy of investing surplus funs in sutsidiary companies. These were their best customers and contributed also their full share to the dividends. He referred last year to the Woikfran's Compensation Act—that was the amended Act, 1.006;-- and would like to say now that the more they experi- enced the working of it the more they were convinced that its tendency was not only to put unnecessarily onerous burdens cn themselves, hut to demoralize the workmen in several directions ; and he was glad to see an article in one of the papers giving expression to similar views from a working man's standpoint. The Eight Hours Act was aimed at the coal owner, but he took comfort to himself that it would hit someone else. There was no mistake about it that the public I must ultimately pay the piper—the Bill in its opera- tion was equivalent to putting into their trade o new customer who would take ten per cent. of their output, as it would reduce production to that extent. Ele would like again to draw attention to the menacing position brought about by the recent alliances formed amongst the principal Railway Companies, which were in his opinion fraught with great danger to the trading community. The President of the Board of Trade should be their protector in this matter, but he was afraid the present occupant of that position was too much engaged in other directions to tackle such a question as this, even if he htd the experience and capacity to do so—which was not at all certain. As regards the prospects of trade they were anxiously looking for a rift in the clouds, and there were some signs of improvement which he he hoped would develop into good trade by and by. Meanwhile one could not help casting somewhat envious eyes on the state of abounding prosperity which our confreres in America were enjoying. To be sure we were told that the fiscal policy which produced this state of things was stupid and barbarous, born of ignor- ance rnd confusion of thought, but if in contrast with this the fact that oar own more scientific and enlightened theories produced only unemployment and a diminuticn of wows and business, one was a little disposed to agree with Lord Rosebery that there might be worse things than Tariff Reform as an alternative. (An.plause). .

s The mot'on was carried. THE CHAIRMAN RE-ELECTED AS DIRECTOR. Mr. W. PETHR RYLANDS MOV,A :—"That Mr. .1. S. Harmood Banner be re-elected a Director of the Com- pany." He said Mr. Harmood Banner Lad oczupied the position of Chairman for to many years that it would be impertinent to say anything in surport of the motion, as they had so much confidence in his judgment. He was an enormous assistance to the Board. (Hear, hear). Mr. 11. S. BLECKLY seconded, and said he was glad to have an opporturity of conveying to the Chairman their high approc..lation of all he did for them. They were stimulated and inspired by what he did. This was also agreed to. THE AUDITORS.

Mr. D. GARNETT moved that Messrs. Blease and Sons be re-appointed Auditors for the ensuing year at a salary of £3OO.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
CHILLY OCTOBER NIGHTS.

How to Escape Throat and Chest Troubles.

With the arrival of " chill October " comes the beginning of the bad weather season, when the cold rain and winds bring in their train,coughs, colds, sore throats, bronchitis, and other all too common ailments of the throat and chest. To keep Peps handy is the surest and safeguard against the perils of chilly October nights. Few people even to-day realise how serious a tfiatter the catching of a cold or chill may be, although very many sufferers from chronic bronchitis and asthma owe their trouble to neglect when • catching cold through getting wet, or getting a chill on the chest because of the sudden weather changes. The discovery of Peps, however, opens the path of deliver- ance even to the _chronic sufferer,

Peps are a unique concentration of the particular natural substances which Nature has fulaished for the cure of human throat and chest trouble, and their action embodies Nature's own way to the lungs. As a Peps tablet dissolves in the mouth, the curative fumes which it emits are inhaled with the breath. They bathe the air-passages and have the most sooth- ing and healing influence. Liquid cough-mixtures are merely swallowed into the stomach. and conse- quently do not reach the lungs at all. Peps are unique in that they go direct to the seat of throat and chest disease.

Peps alSo contain no opium, chloral, nor any of the other harmful drugs to be found in cough-mixtures and cheap lozenges. Keep your box of Peps always handy--by your &Aside for that troublesome night cough. A course of these splendid tablets will entirely cure bronchitis and prevent a return of those attacks that have been getting worse year by year. Sold by all chemists, Is. I Id. or 2s. 9d. per box.

SPORT AND OUTDOOR LIFE.

There are over a score of splendid stories and articles in the Ow.ober of" Fry's Magazide," and there is not one of them that does not well repay reading. Every page is replete with interest, and among its varied list of contents are to be found articles on such engrossing subjects as "The Lady and the Motor," by Dorothy Levitt; " Best Games of Patience"; "The Partridge"; " Incidents in Tuna Fishing"; "The Vellman Airship"; "The Invincible rrout-"; "The Harvest Rabbit"; " A Winning Hazard Machine" ;• "The Sporting Side of Motor Cycling"; -1' Golf for Duffers"; and many other subjects of ever-topical interest. In addition- to the above this excellent issue also contains fine sporting stories by N. Alexander, J. M. Dedington, &c., while there is an absorbing article on "The 1-kn. George Lambton at Stanley House, Newmarket," and another, in the series on "The Sporting Estates of England," on "The Grange, Arlesford."

===== 0002601_19091002_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
SCOTLAND'S RECORD OATS CROP.

Scotch farmercare able to congratulate themselves upon the excellence of this year's oats. So far as quality is concerned the oats that have just been harvested are reported to be the very finest that have, been produced within the memory of man. Messrs. R. Robinson and Sons, the wellknown millers of ALnan, state that throughout their many years experience they have never seen oats as flue as those being sold to-day„ by the Scottish farmers. The oats are remarkable for their size, richness, colour and flavour. In whatever other "fields the foreigner may triumph it is evident that Scotland still lead's the world se-far as oats are concerned.

Mr. GEORGE BALL, jun., proposed the toast of "The President and Vice-Presidents." He said Captain Crosfield had been president of the Association from its formation and they highly appreciated his services in that position. The Association had also reason to be thaukf id that it had such splendid vice-presidents who had given its work a decided fillip. The CHAIRMAN, in responding, ssid he was sorry he was unable to be present at' the final. He was going in for a competition himself and he was proud to say he was able to do something for the credit of old Warring. tin by carrying off the officers' jumping prize for the whole of the West Lancashire division. (Applause.) From the secretary's report, there was no doubt they had had a record year, twenty-five works having sent thirty-five teams. Captain Crosfield went on to enter- tain the company with an amusing story of War Office punctiliousness, with special reference to the use of decimals, and excused himself from embarking upon any dissertation on bowls by remarking that his time had been fully occupied that week-end in com- posing a stinging reply to his brother's letter in the "Examiner" on the subject of invasion. (Laughter.) He wished the Association all success in the coming year. He congratulated -them till, especially the com- mittee and secretary, on the splendid way in which they had worked. He believed they had had not less than eighteen meetings ranging from eight o'clock in the evening until any time up to three or four in the morning. (Laughter.) Their labours were Herculean, and he hoped all the members felt grateful to them, (Applause). A. H. CROSPIELD, M.P., fig one of the riec- presidents, also responded. Ile said his brother had been telling them a story about decimals. (A Voice : "Tell us something about the Budget.") No, there were to be no politics that night. (Laughter.) He heard on very good authority that /within our own time a distinguished Chancellor of the Exchequer, when he went to his office and had a look through the figures, came across a number of calculations in decimals. He looked at them for a time and then said : Confound it all! What do all those infernal little dots mean?" (Langhter.) That was not the present Chancellor of the Exchequer—(langhter)s—but it was one in cur own time. Continuing Mr. Crosfield said it gave him pa,ticular pleasure to come to a festive gathering of that kind, the more so because very old and very good friends of his were there also—gentle- men of a different political colour to his own but none the less good friends all the same. (Applause). He was happy to join with them in congratulating the association upon the remarkably successful season they had had, because he was quite sure there was not one of them whatever his views might he on other questions, %Ito did not rejoice from every point of view to see the wonderful development of that healthy, capital, accessible form of outdoor recreation which they had in Warrington in the goodsold English game of bowls. (Applause). He would not trouble them with a lot of ancient quotations on the game, although they made interesting reading. It was, however,worthy of note that in the days of the Edwards the Richards, and other bygone monarchs, regulations were issued forbidding the people to play the game of bowls because it had made such head- way, even in those days—although they had only stone discs which would not snit his friend Mr. Ball nowadays, and the game had to be gradually evolved—that it was actually interfering with the old English and very necessiry practice of archery. Therefore regulations were issued, which he was happy to think there would be no need to repeat in our own time. We did not live for bowls or every other game, for games were all a means to an end, and as his brother bad touched on a highly debatable topic he (the speaker) would take the opportunity of saying that he hoped and believed that none of the keenness of sportsmen on their games would interfere with the readiness of Englishmen to support the great Terri- torial institution to nhich they all necessarily attached such•very great importance. (Applause). The evolu- tion of bowls was a very interesting subject, beginning as it did in a small and humble way with the throwing of the stone disc. We had seen something of that evolution in our own time and even in our own town, for the development of the game in the course of tbe last . fifteen years had been really splendid. (Hear, bear.) In common with the Chairman,he congratulated that gathering most heartily on the striking success of the Works Bowling 'Associa- tion. He felt grestly struck, as he was sure they all did, with the admirable report .of the Secre'ary, and not the least proud to think of the really good spirit and friendly feeling with which those great competi- tions were fought out. (Applause). Mr. R. PIERPOMT also responded. He congratulated the Asseciation sincerely on the work it hsd done that year and in the years gone by. What he particularly admired about the game of bowls was the fact that it was a game played by individuals for the individual honour. They were each striving as honour:lbl° gentle- men to arrive at a certain point of excellence in the game. He had nothing to say about the system of other games, but be delighted in the idea that, if he might use an Ithhism' a man might play bowls off his own bat end work for himself, instead of merely looking upon others working. (Applause.) He thanked Mr. Crosfield for the courteous way in which he bad referred to himself (Mr. Pierpoint) and those who were with him, as political opponents but none the less friends. (Applause.) He hoped be might have the opportunity of seeing them play their!ganies frequently in the future, and that they would always be played as they had been in the past, making them examples of that good temper and fellowship which should always exist in our country. (Applause). DISTRIBUTION OF PRIZES.

Before distributing the prizes, the CHAIRMAN said a man could not be a prize wistner without much prepara- tion. lie could not Le a "rotter" or go on the booze every night, but he had to lead a straight life—and that was one of the greqt advantages of games. (Applause.) Captain CROSFIELD then presented the prizes. as follows :—W. Thomason (first prize and cup), R. Looker, W. Lawton, Jack Gleaye, Ike Barlow, J. Nock, R. Brobbin, N. Norgrove, E. Williams, W. Bibby, H. Wright, Ted Gleave, H. Lindley. E. North, G. Monks, C. Millington, J. Warburton, R. Marrow, J. Gilbert, W. Roughley, W. Clare. J. Ashton, T. Helsby, W. Barton (C.L.C.), W. Baden, F. Berry, A. Broadhurst, J. Reughley, T. Jackson, R. Bennett, A. Hepburn, J. Woods, J

Sir GILBERT GREENALL proposed the health of "The Chairman and said they knew what a good friend Captain Crosfield was to bowling and that he was a good fellow all round. Captain CROSFIELD, in responding, said he admitted that the English were the finest race and he wanted us to remain sri. Some people said " Why make all4this fuss? We hare had our day and we are going dowz till," That MI the spirit be regretted to say they fnund even Amongst ~.ucaltd people. It IV:15 nil non- sense; we could stop it and that was what he was try- ing to do in his work for the National Servion League. The scheme was not popular asset—it was a very great change—but it would become popular. During the evening an enjoyable musical programme was submitted. Mr. J. W. Willett sang "The s'ailor's grave," "Mary," "Roses" and "Ailsa mine" with great taste and expression and had to respond to several encores. Mr. Humphreys gave effective interpretations of "I fear no foe' and "The wolf." Comic songs by Mr. Sutton created great merriment. Mr. Foster acted as accompanist.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
WORKS BOWLING ASSOCIATION.

Annual Prize Distribution.

PRESENTATION TO R. J. WILLETT.

The Warrington Works Bowling Association has just concluded a record seavn and on Monday evening the members assembled in the club room attached to the Bowling Green Inn, Bank Quay, for the annual prize distribution. The gathering was undoubtedly the most successful in • the history of this flowishing association, the proceedirgs being characterised by a spirit of ccrdial good fellowship betweri those who haxe during the summer months engaged in keen but friendly rivalry on the greer. A number of prominent supporters of the Association were present and inter- esting speech-making was pleasantly interspersed with song. Captain G. R. Crostield (president of the association) was in the chzir and he . was accompanied at the cross taLle by the Alnyi r (Alderman Vorshaw), Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart., .Nr. A. H. Crosfleld, Mr. Robert Pierpoint, Councillors Fulton-Smith, Locker, Broadhurst and Wilson, Mr. J. Dodds, Mr. J. Willett (chairman of the committee), and Mr. W. Patrick (hon. secretary). The toast of "The King " was enthusiastically honoured on the propEsition of the chairman. THE ANNUAL REPORT.

Mr. PATRICK (the secretary of the sescciation), in his annual report Stated that this season saw the close of the associatiou's apprenticeship it having teat in existence for seven years. On March IGth the annual meeting was held, and 15 works were represented. Aftey all the officers and committee had been appointed for the season 1909 the most important busineas came fornatd, namely, the recommendation of the com- mittee for 1908, to handicap tams entering the com- petition for 1909. A lengthy and somewhat heated discussion followed, and eventually it was proposed and seconded " That we adopt the suggestion of the committee," thirteen voting for the handicap and two against; As a result of that discussion, a record of every description had been broken, They commenced with bad entry of 35 teams, representing 25 works, which was the largest entry they had ever had. No fewer than 744 names were registered from the different works in connection with the competition. Thirty-six games were played before they reached the final, and twelve Satordays were required in which to play the games. Even the clerk of the weather smiled on their efforts and favoured them with fine weather all through. The day on Ilia the final was played was the finest Saturday of all. The only regret they had on that day v.as that their President cauld not be with them. Another regret was that they could not accommodate more spectators. They had at least 1,000 round the green on that day, but many more were tinned away because they could not find them room. It was a pity, but now the necessity of more accommodation bad been proved they might possibly get it in the future. The final game ended in Rylands' No. 1 defeating Whitecross by 16 points. The competition finished, they entered upon the annual handicap lyith 274 entries (another record). This took five Saturdays to compete, and the object in gathering that night wts to present the prizes to the winners' 69 in all—another record—and when he told them that in round figures they were giving nearly £4O in prizes, and that from entry fees they received £l3 14s. and £5 55., so kindly given by Lady G'reenall for the first prize, they would see that it had been no small task on the part of the committee to get the money together. A word of praise was due to players and spectators alike, for the admir- able way in which they had conducted themselves. On no single occasion had it been necessary for Mr. Car-apt:ell to complain of the cenduct on the green, neither bad it been necessary for the committee to yarn anyone. That spoke well for the association. (Applause). . "THE PRESIDENT AND VICE-PRESIDENT."

Broadhurst, W. Daniels, G. Clive, J. Bowyer, G. Shaw, A. Siddall, H. Wilson, S. Ryley, B. Tomlinson, A. Shelmerdine, J. Watson' A. Shaw, S. Ryley, T. Littler- land, J. Trevor, J. Meakin, H. Smith, C. Littlewood, W. Howard, J. Lyons, T. Johnson, J. Lingard, Walter Gleave, W. Ryder, J. Woods, N. Cook, G. Watmongh, A. Middleton, F. Si.aw, T. Curless, A. .Thornley,'. F. Dean, J. Cleave, A. E. Burdett, A. Ellison, A. Gleave and J. Richardson. PRESENTATION TO MR. J. WILLETT. The CHAIRMAN said he had now to make a pre- sentation on behalf of the As..eociation to the Chair- man of the Committee (Mr. J. Willett) as a token of their esteem for him and of the immense amount of work be had undertaken for the Association. He believed they might really look upon Mr. Willett as the founder of the Associa- tion. (Hear' hear.) In present'ng Mr. Willett with a handsome side board and cheque, the Chairm,n said he could essure him of the esteem - in which he was held by his fellow workers and by everybody who had to deal MIL J. WILT:FITT. withlim. He (the speaker) admired Mr. Willett for his wonderful eloquence, but sometimes. people who were fluent with the tongue seemed to tAe care not to do any work. That was not the case with Mr. Willett who, as well as being a gcod speaker, was a hard worker and a capable organizer. (Applause) Mr. WILLETT, who was received with cheers, said that whatever he had done in the bowling world he had endertaken with the intention of lifting up bowls to a higher standard. It was row thirty years since he began to organize bowling. He then got up a main for their own workmen at the King and Queen, and he expressed the hope that other firms would follow suit, and also that the various works would have their own greens. Several of the larger works—Rylands, Shite- cross, Croadeld's, and Monks, Hall and Co.—now had them, and he hoped other firms would :soon acquire greens. He.bad always tried to do his best for his fellow men. He could not claim to be the founder of the Works Association, but he was one of the feunders. He was elected chairman at the first meeting, and he bad held the position ever since. They had worked harmoniously together, although fcr the first four years they had a rough passage. (Laughter). As long as he bad health and atter gth, he would never turn his hack upon the Warrington Works Bowling Association. (Appian*. "THE WORKS BOWLING ASSOCIATION."

The MAYOR said he was pleased to be present, as Mayor of the town, and to propose the toast of the evening," The Works Bowling Assochtion." He con- gratulated them upon the very excellent President they had in Captain Crosfield and also upon the admirable report that the Secretary had presented. He (the Mayor) loved a game. of bowls and he was glad the sport was coming so well to the fore. Bowling was a fine pastime, a good recreation and a scientific game. They had got to know their land and their lengths and if they were strikers they must have good aim to knock their opponent out. The Mayor concluded by saying he would be pleased to arrange a charity match with the Association to take place on the Arpley green rest season. (Applause). Mr. PATRICK responeed .and referred to the system of handicapping which he said gave the smaller teams a fairer chance.

- • 51-',l",k"'• - ,K*b -Cit*r4 ' •

===== 0002601_19091002_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
THE OFFICIALS.

Mr. BURDETT (auditor) propcsed a vote of thanks to the secretary and treasurer, and Mr. G. BALL, jun., seconded.

"THE VISITORS."

The health of "The Visitors" was heartily honoured on the proposition of Mr. WILLETT. Sir GILBERT GREENALL, in responding, said it was to him and the other visitors a very great priviloge indeed to be with the. They t•-iok an interest not only in bowls but in all those games and pastimes which had made their country what it was. Englishmen, by their sport and sense of fair play, held a position which no other man held. They knew how to play their games, how to win them, how to loose them— (applause)—and it was the ficest education in the world when men could meet and play their games together and win or lose with good temper and a sense of giving to others what they deserved. They were most lucky in having such an excellent chairman, who was ably backed up by Mr. Patrick, who left no stone tuatutned to made the association whst it was. He was glad to join in such a harmonious meet'ng, where good sportsmen and all good fellows met. (Applaus-).

===== 0002601_19091002_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
OTHER TOASTS.

Councillor Fur.Tos SMITH, in proposing it vote of thanks to the donors, said that in enc,uraging the game they were indirectly adding to the air-spaces of the town and thus contributing to the health of Warrington.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON CRICKET LEAGUE. Presentation of Shield and Medals,

For the second year in succession St. James' Cricket Club have had the honour of winning the Silver Challenge Shield presented to the Warrington and Dis- trict Cricket League by Colonel J. Reid Walker and on Tuesday evening last they received it at the hands of Councillor J. Fulton-Smith at a social gathering in the Crown and Septre Inn Buttermarket-street. Councillor Fulton-Smith also presented the members of St. James' team with the gold medals of the League and the gold centred silver medals to Rylands' Recreation Club the runners-up.

Mr. J. F. FOSTER (captain of St. James') presided read letters of apology for non-attendance from Colonel J. Reid Walker, tho Rev. H. Gray and Mr. W. P. Rylands. Continuing be said that Councillor Fulton-Smith was practically deputising for Colonel Reid Walker who was unavoidably detained elsewhere. He was also pleased to see Mr. E. Draper who had come to assist in the ceremony. It aas . very gratifying to them to have those two gentlemen with them that evening, because it showed that interest was taken in League and in outdoor sport generally. Both of them were very keenly interested in all things appertaining to outdoor sport and anything for the recreation of young men. (Applause). Councillor FeLTON-SMITH then presented the medals. He also handed a gold medal to Mr. J. H. Constable for the best batting average and a gold centre medal to Mr. G. McGowan for bowling which were presented to the League by Mr. George Eastwood. He said that he was sorry that Col anel Reid Walker had not been able to be present. He had sant a very kind message to them and he hoped they would all be very successful and united in their future success. (Applause.) There had been much said about sport recently because it was uppermost in many people's mind 3. If it were not cricket it was football, and if it were not football it was tennis or something else. There was a general concenses of opinion that there was no life without sport and he dared say that there was a great deal of truth in it. that. That was one of the means to which men naturally resorted to recuperate their health end strength for their daily work. No matter what direction their work might every one required some change of occupation so that his muscles and all nis tissues might have some rest in each department. Sport was coming to be recognised now af to be one of the important fjements in our social life. Besides the physical improvements which good sport, well directed, secured, there was the social side. He maintained that sport promoted self-control. He then presented the shield to Mr. Forster. Mr. FortsTEß replying said they had received three applications to join the League and there was only one vacancy. They would'either have to have two divisions or only accept one of the applications. Mr. E. DRSPER said that the League was giving a considerable impeteS to the game. To be brought within the influence of cricket was a great boon to anybody. Mr. FOSTER moved a vote of thanks to Councillor Fulten-Smith and Mr. Draper. Mr. NEWTON, captain, of Rylands team, seconded. A vote of thanks Was accorded to Mr. Eastwood for presenting the two medals. At the conclusion of the presentation-ceremony a smoking concert was held, during which •an excellent programme was submitted.—The following rendered songs :—Messrs. Turner, Gelderd, J. Lloyd, Beardsley, Lonadale and Whitfield. Mr. Roberts played two pianoforte solos.

STRAIGHT WORDS FROM A JUDGE. In reprimanding an Irish jury who returned into court for direction, County-court Judge Barry said that in the ordinary course of their business they were perhaps twelve as inteligent.men as could be found in co. Kildare, bat it seemed to be a feeling amongst' jurymen that when they entered the box they ought to hang up their brains with their hats and become drivelling idiots.

The last match of the season in connection with the Warrington Anglers' Assoclation took place last Satur- day afternoon under favourable conditions in the Bridgewater Canal when a contest between lads under 18 years was held. The portion of th 3 canal selected was between Stanev Hunt bridge and Grappenball bridge—a part which had not been fished in before during the season. The match commenced at 2.30 and 32 lads settled down to a two hours' fish. Nearly all of them were successful in landing at least one fish. The fol!oing were the pr4ze w:nnera Oz. dr. 1 T. LeEt•=r 2 A. Shepherd 3 H. Dutton 4 H. Prince 5 G. Wright 0 H. Higg:nson 4 1 7 A. Shaw 8 J. Ditcbfield 9 W. Griffi•hs 3 2 10 A. Hart 2 15 11 T. Dixon 2 14 12 W. Dodd 2 9 _ 13 D.Kirkham 2 8

Immediately the weighing of the fish was over the, prizes were presented to the winners by Mr. P. J. Ernson who along with Mr. 3. Hackney conducted the contest.

When fashion demands slender gracefulne,..%`; women whp have to break corset laces to %t themselves even presentable, isn't it fortunate - science steps in and makes their task easy. For dieting and exercising science has substitutediil,' pleasant, wholesome mixture that can be obtained frche; any chemist, viz. : One half-ounce of Alarmolace ounce of fluid extract of Glycyrrhiza 8.P., one otill,o of pure Glycerine B.P• , and Peppermint Water . ..

make six minces in all, One dessertspoonful of this mixture after rneals, at 'bedtime will take off four to seven pounds of la week without causing-wrinkles, and without i r ntertteile„ fering with the diet or distressing the stomach in slightest degree.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESENTATION TO MASTER AND MATRON OF DUTTON WORKHOUSE.

Mr. and Mrs. Ti'. D. Rollinson (master and matron of Dutton Workhouse) are relinquishing their positions to take up the duties of master and matron at Waver- ' hampton Workhouse. On Tuesday a number of members of the Runcorn Board of Guardians assembled to make a small presentation as a token of their friendship and esteem. The gift took the form of a silver cake dish with an incription which read as follows : "Presented to Mr. and Mrs. Rollinson by a number of memhers of the Board of Guardians as a token of esteem in which they were held as Master and Matrsn at the Runcorn Union Workhouse, September, 1909:". Mr. T. Baxter, chairmen of the Board, made the presentation. He said he had been asked to r erform a! little duty there that day in connection with that Board of Guardians, but still in a private capacity. They could not snake Mr. and Mrs. Rollksen a present out of the ratepayer's money .tor they want to do so Mr. and Mrs. Rollinson were a newly married couple. and he was sorry that they la td no orportunity of going to the wedding, but the vice-cha.irman (Mr. Spruce) was there. (Laughter). Ti hey were now going to take up a position of greater responsibility in the town that they originally came fr,u-n. Some people were afraid to go home again. (Lau4hter). Evidently Mr. and Mrs. Rollinson were not and it was natarAly the wish of every member of that Board that they would have a long life and happy life to.;.ether—(hear, hear)—and. be able to fulfil the rrspoasible position which they were to take up at Wolverhampmn They were all very sorry that they were leaving but they felt glad they were going to take up a better position. Mr. Baxter then handed Mr. Rollins,. n the present. -- Mr. C. E. Linaker said they were very sorry for them- selves that they were losing such a very efficient master ! and matron of the Workhouse. Be had known that Workhouse since be was a little boy, when it was opened in 1863, during which period t',ey had had only three masters and matrons, the first Mr. Jones who was still living, then Mr. Cunnah and then Mr. Rollinson. During that time the house had ne-er keen administered in a more efficient way than it was at present. Mr. Spruce also added a few words and said the services Mr. and Mrs. Rollinson bad reneered great credit en their management. .

Mr. Woodward said he hoped the time would not be far distant when they would meet again. Mr. Morris said the Boards duties had been consider- ably relieved since Mr. and Mrs. Rollin-son Lad been there. (Hear, hear.) In reply Mr. Rollinson said that on l.ehalf of his wife, he had great difficulty in voicing his gratitude towards the Board. When be heard about the presentation it came as a great surprise to him and Mrs. Bollinson. It was with great pleasure to them to know that ttat they had succeeded in giving satisfaction and they were amply repaid. He had great difficulty in express- ing himself in words. Uhey regretted fcr many reasors that they were leaving Dutton but it was a great pleasure to know tht.t they bad made many friends since they had been there. He would like to take the opportunity of thanking Mr, Ashton, the clerk also Mr, Hough, as they bad assisted a great deal while he had been at the house. They would always remembert Dutton as their stay had been very successful He was sorry to leave on such sort notice.

Before leavrnz, all tLe members shook hands with Mr. and Mrs. kollinson.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON ANGLERS ASSOCIATION.

Juvenile Contest.

PRESERVING FRUIT.

At this season, when the orchard is being rifled el its products, it is important to consider how fruit may be best preserved for winter use. There are several ways of doing this. It may be made into some kind of jam or jelly for which there is a continual demand during the months when fresh fruit is Lot available. Dry or evaporated fruits are more used for food to-day than formerly, and tinned fruits are also in demon. But perhaps the best method of preserving fruit fresh for winter use is by bottling, a means which the French have adopted with considerable success. Bottling is the easiest and most convenient method of preserving fruit. In the English farmhouse it is most commonly applied to plums. Of late years there has bcan a tendency to simplify the method of preserving. Formerly preserves according to the older recipes were more like sweetmeats than fruit, so liberal wss the amount of sugar employed. To-day the best are kept simply by means of hot water. Plums that have been simply and adequately treated can be cooked at Christ- n:ais, and the most fastidious testa will be unable to discover any difference between them and those which were cooked straight off the tree in September.— Country Life."

Scotland's Triumph

This season the oats of Scotland have beaten all records for richness, colour and flavour. Never has Nature been kinder in providing the crop—never has a more successful harvest gladdened .the Scotch. farmer's heart.

We are secured of the pick of this magnificent crop for

===== 0002601_19091002_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
SV/iMMING.

Walk!,,r Chal!c•nge Shl Pres'ntE to the

HEatilSide SC:":031.

The presentation of the " Walker ",Challenge Shield to the lleathside boys who won it last Friday evenilli at the Elementary school children's third ancue'. swimming gala, took place on Monday afternoon St the schoal. All the boss assembled in the yard. Cul. .Reid Walker presented the shield himself, and amongs others present were:— The Rev. W. Br acecaa3P, who presided, Rev. E. E. Peters, Alderreee - Smethurst. Counciller J. Fulton-Smith, E. Draper; Mr. J. H. Smethurst, Mrs. J. Moore NiurraY (Director of Education), Mr. J. W. Parker (headroaste,r, cf the school) and the other teachers and Mr. Fran' Turner (superintendent of the fire brigade). The .Rev. W. BRAczeate slid it W.lB a red letter dip' to those there th-A afternoen. They were delighted to think that they hid been succesefel in whiling til ed shield. It ass' not the tint time that Heathside bit won a shield. Serce years aeo they won a gyninasti shield, and now they had beeii able to win that beautiful shield. They had another honour that day, and it we"' that the gentleman who gave that shield was there to present it. They considered it a xery great honour to. have him with them. 'they should keep perseveriag- and pull together, and then be dared say very ehortiye they would be able to meet eg:iin and congratulata. , themselves that tLey had -wen the football shiel (Applause). Colonel REID WALKER, who was receivel with Wit. applause said it gave him g, eat . pleasure to learn t" morning from Councillor Fulton-Smith that the repret sentativis boys of that school had won the shield. Thad fact gave hint adeitional pleasure, because ho reall'Aee.r that many of the boys were sons of men, no Jelin emplo,:eci in their breweries, and very likely manly the lals themselves in the years ti come would els° similarly employed if they did not rise to anyt hie! higher. He could not impress too strongly upon thee: who were unable to swim the necessity of learnin; lie do so. He had two sons and two daughters end decided thst they should be Ought to swim as. so" -; possible. He had a bath made four feet deep,and he ot glad to he able to tell the boys before Lim that children could now swim perfectly and could save the,' own lives if necessary. (Appicuse.) • e:ng At the C,,lonel's request the hors of the e team, four in number, came forward, and stood bYeLl'i, shield, and the Colonel in conclusion said e pleasure in presenting you. with this shield, and I I,°P • yeas will win it a;:ain." (Cheers). Mr. J.W. PARKER in proposing a vote of thanlo.te° Colonel Walker said that the Colonel WaS a very basela man, and it had given them all very great delight .have him amongst them. (Hear, hear). _ _

Mr. J. H. SmEntuasTseconded. Three cheers were then given for the Colonel, 11-,ft,et which the boys sang "Now pray we for our country., r Alderman SMETHURST called for three cheers l•rso Mrs. Walker and family, and this request wns a - promptly complied wLh. the The shield, which is a very handsome cne, bors er following inscr;ption :--`• Presented by Sir Pefto,. Carlazv Walkar, Bart.. and J. Reid Walker, Esq.; hi squadron swimm'ng. To be competed for annuat.Y:,, scholars attending the public elementary schools of is COrunty-Borough of Warrington, 1907." It was on es 1907 and 1909 by Arpley-street school. This Ye3s., winners are William Caldwe'l, Thomas Furnival and Harry Ashton.

FASHION AND FAT. -

===== 0002601_19091002_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
HOCKEY.

• (406 STOCKTON HEATH V. BEBINGTON.-At Warr,o. jo on Saturday. Stockton' Heath took the lead earlY the first half, Banks getting between the backs ele,vegce , and scoring a good goal. Betington thew le,ei for minutes later, through Noble, who played forward,,l, once, only to see Dolan put Stockton ahead again. game continued to be keenly fought, and at no Draper with a brilliant individual effort -rnace,„cic., score 2-2. The home team again took up the at", f Richardson scored. Interval score 3-2 in fav4:4l' o olc. Stockton Heath. Soon after the re-start Draper `,--pre quick advantage of an opening and the scores s',Tof again level. At this point Behington had the I'ecsc"ott mltters,bat missed several chances in the circle. .-het, again gave Stockton the lead with a beautiful 5, ich and Richardson chipped in with a red-hot efTort su• found the net. Two goals behind, and ten nlinutesqin go, Bebingtcn played up in fine style. Draper 3de put on a characteristic goal • however; the borne kept firm hold on their lead, and with Behiof missing a chance in the last minute, retired winaeo a splendid game by five goals to four.

COST, OF RELIEF WORK. Reporting to the Central (Unemployed) Body, eef ‘, Superintendent of Works compares the cost of re latour with that of ordinary municipal labour. iog estimate," he says," that if works shown as "hvour: cost £30,899 had been carried out by ordinary 13" they would have cost 30 per cent. less.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
• l'. :, "•-•,*.4,. , ----4, ...v. --- - - -•-ip rite.'.:,. ...',,i, ''' .-,:',. , . altki.A..rpt, •. , -4F ~,i, .:...---1, :. ..4 '''''' .IA-.4:. :--1;* • :4,1 :::«j,:ii: $ M,,.,.,,.,,-i- „ ;fa- •AffSil 141, -i4:1:1 .•,:',--,-,' F '3,:`,..-;".7:"*. ,A 4.1 tr.,r7i' •Wi'› 'I'M '-*--- •-j°- • ;-".•;'..".i . --...* t l'' V,*. • ,-_,F 146e.K1 11 •3- Li : :4.-.- 71.11.. r . •,-17.1.r..* ' - ' '':, -- ;P ' ,' r ~,...c-1....p. , *4, Scotei; ...., , . ~,:v.., ~....,...e .. 4..,..,„ ..__ . ._..,:„..,,,... .. ... ....11%.., N., i c;:-.,',23?A.4*.:-,' -t: ,r' ..r • - -..):. , • -- 4,.,,r,,4, .r.,

4415 WV "e4g. M 44-

Now we are able to offer you the richest, most delicious, most nourishing porridge you have ever eaten.

Provost Oats have always been'richer in nutriment, more delicious and cleaner than foreign-prepared oats, which are thin, poor and watery, often woody in flavour, and frequently contain dust, specks, husks, etc. It is also a fact that one packet of Provost Oats is well- known to go as far as a packet-and-a-half of any foreign-prepared oats. Try a packet of the NEW CROP.

" 0.‘e- :471 "";::::

'1'14.1; -4" . ' r. e L4k.zr..

-"Vt -14 acve

===== 0002601_19091002_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
il

I I,allges W..' re- p. ktrrin4 114.e0 rn droi 4)13 in The I.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR FOOTBALL PHOTO PRIZE SCHEME.

Torige.

__ , .-,—>,;rs:r r ,F. v.. ~..;,. ~..,,--7.--7m.wek,.,.:''4.4''''''..7.::,. ' , ,-- '...'•-.47,2-','"-'-'• -4';.t.,-,z,i'i=41„,i*,,,„,,ti.,102..z.,,,,,;,,,,-.,,,,',„ii,,,,-,;?:,+.4, ~,----- ~. t - , -,,,,,--, __,,,,,, ~.,--•,. -,,,,, ~4,,,---- - . '.§, ' ~,, . 44 ' :,-04, r- ,--- t ..--1: -., —' ' '''''./`''''' , - f r•v•'',.':-itt*,:' ' ' '.,:"'. ' : ;ei',',: ti„'. 4t - 7,:tiv.-.''il.,;'i.:t • "A,',5.i.',,, k,,'''',7,:',:l . --t; - ' ,I>,,,`*-... -7,:g.;,..t:- ,z-t,-,, 7:.;;- ' f.:',,, -- ?i,St!' ~ , s '*. ".". ,;',2-I."pk-";,'• '4.-';'1.<:,,,;;;.‘ T..!'''' --= • , • , ~, -.-.• -,,;:y. =i. : .... , , .5...,4; . •,,tii.-.. ,011!... . • • - ;,... , 41111111111‘-.-',Y .. ~,„,..„....-, ~ ,-,,, 4.,. - _ -,V***------.': ,-z' :,. ' ' :-I• 7. '' "' ' ' 4 - '- et *' -7,'''''•,*;:,:- -*' ' " ,4's ‘4.:'''''•-, '', ' . ''%''' • --- ''-. ' ' 2. '. . ' ' •"- , "kl* X i‘ . . '' 4 4 .. .41 . , ..;,, • v • - I • % v•k i 1 Iy. - • - . N,-' ' , I i 2 • ''''‘' I ' •-• *: ,-*;, '' ' ' ..; ' . ~.. ..... -, _- • . • • 4 ~';1:, • -- ' Photo

===== 0002601_19091002_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CROWD AT THE WARRINGVN "A" v. WIDNES " A " MATCH

tjhe original of the portrait marked with a X will receive the " Examiner" prize of ss. on calling at Office in Bewsey-street on or before Saturday next, October oth. Tw , prizes of ss. are offered for every First Team match, and one prize of Tis. for every Team match at Wilderspool. • 9,11 e of the prizes for the Warrington v. St. Helens match has been claimed by Albert Edward Slantar, ' ‘jollin-street, Warrington. The other has not been claimed.

orthodox. Wrigley, though apparently out of con- dition, played a great centre game, and the wings are both strong and speedy. The team that wins at Fartown this season can pat itself on the back. A good many of them will do worse than Warrington did.

The enthusiasm for the game in the Yorkshire town is something to marvel at. There were 12,000 people at Monday's match, and 'lO,OOO on Tuesday when Hull bit the dust, and the crowds are obviously chock full of confidence in their team. Warrington's appearance on the field was signalised by the releasing of a balloon in the Huddersfield colours, and the waving of a huge flag from the ranks of the popular side. While to cap all, some perfervid Fartowner released a tiny black kitten in the field of play as an omen of good luck. Even the kitten had a Huddersfield ribbon on. They mean to make things hum in Huddersfield this season, I .can tell you !

To-day's matches are as follows : Hunslet v. Leeds Bramley v. Hull Kingston Hull v. Keighley Wakefield Trinity v. Bradford Broughton Rangers v, Halifax Huddersfield v. Dewsbury Batley v. Rochdale Hornets Runcorn v. York Warrington v. Salford Swinton v. Merthyr Tydvil Treherbert v. Oldham Barrow v. St. Helens Wigan v. Leigh Ebbw Vale v. Widnes

Warrington's home engagement with Salford will be a source o! attra3tion at Wilderspool, for few teams have clone so well here as the Reds. As a matter of fact they have only lost twice at Warrington since 1900, or three times including that year. This is a remarkable record, and one which I do not think any other team can approach. Lest some of my readers doubt the fact, I append the record for the past nine seasons (home matches only). WARRINGTON. SALFORD. G. T. P. G. T. P. 1900 1901 1902 1903 0 1 3 2 5 19 1904 1 1 5 0 0 0 1905 1900 1907 ......... 1908

It is quite time the Wirepullers made up some of the arrears, and they could not commence the October programme better than by giving the Reds a good beating. With anything like consistent form, Warrington should win every League match this month and top the League once more. A 1:1g effort is required to-day. Both teams are expected to be at full strength, as bilows • . Watfington : Mclntyre, full bark; Fish,Dickinson, Taylor and -Bradshaw, threequatters ' • Brooks and Jenkins, half backs; O'Neill, O'Malley, Thomas, Shugats, Boardman, and Harmer, forwards. Salford.—W. D. John; B. Merley, W Thorea.s, S. Adams, W. Hyam ; J. Lomas, D. Preston; D. Rees, E. Curzon, S. Warwick, Evan Thomas, A. Bucider, and T. Coates. Referee: Mr. J. F. May, St. Helens.

The " A " team's engagement at the Willows should also result in a close struggle. Wai:ington "A" are the champions and still undefeated and last Saturday managed to beat Widnes" A" in comfortable style even though Frawley retired at half-t;me. The Australian showed any amount of keenness and 0:d more than he ought to have done on his weak ankle. The crowd gave him a good reception, and he deserved it. Smith also made a prom;sing debut.

Tilley is ttirning out again to-day and takes the full- ba2k position on the "A " team, which will be corn posed as follows :—Tilley, full back; Smith, Jordan, Cartwright and Landor, three _part 3rs ; Lloyd and intith, - half. backs; P. Boardman, Naylor, Belton, Harrison, Bradshaw and Chesters, forwards.

Salford -" A" : Wild; Cook, Cc Amine, Hutchinson, Ratcliffe; Brady, Hampson; Rees, Morton, Flanagan. Hope, Cleary and Battersby.

I am inform I,that Stuntz set sail on Wednesday by the White Star boat, Saevie, and is expected here about the first week in November.

, ~. r A , . art foi ..k•I f 2 '*) lair.o:4 -' ~---- a . .. TtiLeTic__-_.:-,:,,_..-_,,..,,;,::. -;.__....,......,..„....,..,- ..:::.z., ..71.,,,.- - 7"..A..??....X.,:-.^.-- • •11:- t---4:::

===== 0002601_19091002_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN UNION. Results of Saturday's Matches, THE NORTHERN RUGBY LEAGUE.

G. T. P. G. T. P. Leeds $ 212 Keighley ...... ... 1 2 8 Hu:lslet _ _ _

_ Warrington ...... 5 19 Widnes Halifax _

fi-e.wsbury Swinton Hull K.R,. Oldham Leigh Sr Helens ...... ... 3 8 27 Btamley 1 1 5 Wakefield Trinity 2 2 10 Ebbw Vale Salford Runcorn 3 315 Rochdale H. ... 1 2 8

===== 0002601_19091002_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Too Good for Widnes.

Keen interest was shosa in the meeting of these old West Lancashire rivals at Widnes on Saturday, when over 4,C30 sp; ctstors assembled of whom 1,500 had followed the Warrington men. Both sides were well represented; and a fine game sas witnessed under ideal conditionr The teams were Widnes—Back, Lambert; three guar, ,ers, Ince,Taylor, Reid end Trirton •, halves, Lally and Noon ; forwards, G. Aspey, Rigby, Curt is, Evans, Lloyd and O'Gara Warrington—Back, Mclntyre; three -quarteu, Fish, Dickenson, Taylor and Bradshaw ; halves, Brooks and Jenkins; forwards, O'Mpiley, Neill, Thomas, Shugars, Harmer and Boardman. Referee, Mr. Priestley (Broughton). G. Mpey started end one of the first incidents UO9 a knee injury to O'Neill which kept the international out of the game for several minutes. Widnes attacked in determined fashion, but the Warrington forwards were the stronger set end cleared the invaders out. Brooks mide a strong ion end .passed to Taylor who ,tried to do too much before passing and was held near the home line. The home lot got off-side in trying to rush the ball away and Mclntyre kicked a grind goal for Warrington from near the half-way line. Brook*, Dickenson, Taylor and Bradshaw passed well, but H. Taylor brought the latter down after be had beaten Lambert. A moment later Neill initiated a movement which raw Fish score a brilliant try after Dickenson and Taylor had handled the leather. Mclntyre failed from a difficult position. The " Wirepullets " main- tained the pressure on resuming, but Lambert was obstructed end the free-kick brought relief. Widnes were unlucky a few minutes later, Boardman charging down Turton's kick and running over. Mclntyre failed badly with the shot at gpal. Widnes took up the struggle aga'n keenly, but could not get the bell

from the pack. A bad knock-on by 'Mclntyre placed Warrington in an awkward position, which was cleared by a tremendous forward rush. Widnes had a look in next., for Harry Taylor dodged grandly, and gained ranch ground. Lally augmented and passed to June, Mclntyre being tackled when field- ing the leather. A moment later Taylor was Filed down a foot short—hard luck for the "Chemicals." O'Malley was applauded for a gallant attempt to tackle Lambert, and then Reid got in one of his characteristic strrng runs. Mclntyre lowered the big centre and Warrington were soon back, but Taylor and Dickenson succumbed to numbers. Once more tbe "Chemicals " made the running, and a bot scramble looked threaten- ing for Warrington. A change came over the scene sudden,ly. Brilliant passing between Brooks, Dicken- son, Taylor and Bradshaw ended in Taylor running in finely from centre behind the posts, Thomas goaling. Half-time Warrington 2 goals 3 trics (13 points), Widnes nil.

Widnes re-opened with a strong dribble, but War- ringtor.'s superior tactics put them on the attack again. Dickenson dropped at goal when he should have prayed the ball, and the ball went over the bar, but a free kick was granted to Widnes instantly. Reid put in a strong dash for the Chemicals," but was pulled down heavily, The margins Cetween the teams seemed to take much of the heart out of Widnes, and, indeed, the pace told on both teams. Brooks was too well watched to get his backs going except at irregular intervals. Reid made one or tr. 4 o strorg dashes for the locals, but Widnes hardly looked like scaring. A sensational piece of play was next seen. Fish came into possession near the Warrington quarter flag and set off along the touch line in his old, sty le. Half-a-dozen men challenged him, but he eluded them all, end raced in from centre. The goal shot failed. After this the ball travelled from end to end very rapidly and Widnes made strong Put spasmodic rushes. Harry Taylor initiated the only really dangerous movement end that came to nought. Just on time Warrington pressed hard and were very properly awarded a try for a bad case of obstruction of Bra Ishaw, who was a certain scorer after ranning very speedily. There was no goal, and the final soon sounded with the score :—Warrington 2 goals, 5 tries 19 points; Widnes nil. RUNCORN OUT-PLAY THE HORNETS.

Rochdale -Hornets entertained Runcorn on the Athletic Grounds, rut there were about 8,000 specta- tors. Teams : _ _

_ Rochdale Hornets—Hollinrake, back ; Bamber Emersdn, Robinson, and West, three-quarter backs;, Baxter and Schofield, h tlf backs; Collins, Fitzsimmons, dishvrorth, Crabtree, Dearden, and Ricbardson,forwards. Runcola—Flanagan, back; Moran, Hughes, Butter- worth, and Unsworth, thiee-quarter backs; Watton and White, half backs ; Radbury, Walker, Wood, Langley, Kennedy, and Peacock, forwards. Playing with the wind, the Hornets attacked, and West ro:rped over near the corner Baxter's kick at goal just falling short. Collins received a pass from West and dashed over at the corner. Baxter failed at goal Runcorn attacked, and Kennedy scored, hut the try 'MIS not converted. Half-time :—Rochdale Hornets 2 tries (6 noints), Runcron 1 try (3 points). Soon atter the resumption Emerson made a good mark, from which Baxter landed a magnificent goal. Then Baxter made a huge mistake. He kicked the ball straight into Hughes hands, and that player beating Richardson and Bollinrake, dashed over wi:h a try. Butterworth landed a splendid goal. Runcorn raced away, and Langley scored, Butterworth converting. Shortly before time Butterworth kicked a penalty goal. Revolt :—Runcorn 3 goals 3 tries (15 points), Rochdale Hornets 1 goal 2 tries (8 points).

===== 0002601_19091002_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
es .'t!iftt ,f the licate ; than 3 10W`

===== 0002601_19091002_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
Shield venilag, EtCntlA` 3t ttie Cul- J• aangst ecanT, lerrval I.ttrrttY

h loua .a tl'ot rePre. Tbot d,.ubtr ot IDY .Iso be aytbing ,o those te tuna 116 soon Al lii h!s re thelc

Cril=l3'n6 br the Lave' I I,°Pe

innks to n-y , light t

aft,er [ntry: r eerS f° TnS Si"

ears t" r peter for 'Ufa 1 ble. is of on , TorTs

wake late tii3t

tiatted tied fro"k nola,.°ll! ne mulct' Kato- t°

ealS lof fat 11- interfer Li in. fie

earlY S clever , [eve' Ara " rsc The ialn. .h ' at lethe made he atta' f favotir ,aper to°: )ITS ,ce I:est le ,cott le. 11111 5..„ svt,lc',o" -Bute s 1.11 calk. Fer ilcjje e P bing of vinners

dy tbef bo of re 'DOUr• . 130113° AS ur: 100 iry

sioo°°

===== 0002601_19091002_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES BY " OVALIST."

said last week that there were likely to be I.4Anges in the positions at the top of the Northern ta,Aale during the week-end, and there has been a .reshuffling of places. On Monday morning AN'tl'ligton were proudly leading the way, with !..4e,c)rti second, but on Tuesday morning Warrington ir,h7apped to seventh place - which is about as big a in the time as even the barometer is capable of. c' League table up-to-date is as follows For. Agst. Per- kin P. W. L. D. G. T. P. G. T. P. centage thkjea"A'n •: 4 3 0 1... 6 9 39... 3 4 23... 8750 ,q4ll-„tstr.d 6 5 1 0...16 23 101... 7 9 41... 8333 kitA. an-11. 5 4 1 0...2[ 17 93... 9 10 43... 83.33 144-de;fd T. 5 4 1 01. 8 9 43... 2 3 13... 80 00 ... 4 3 1 0...10 9 47... G 9 29... 75.00 ,51,"; ........ 5 3 1 1... 8 10 46... 2 3 13... 70.00 quii`ft.gton 5 3 1 1... 5 13 49... 5 7 31... 7000 ........ 5 3 2 0... 9 12 54... 4 8 6000 Wilbton 4 2 1 1... 7 8 38... 2 4 16... 5125 • 4 2 2 0... 9 9 45... 5 8 34... 5000 Oldh•eY ........ 4 2 2 0... 8 7 37... 8 5 31... 5000 Ilitart4,,lll 42 2 0... 510 40... 8 4 28... 5000 h9tis.7l 42 2 0... 9 9 45... 9 7 39... 50 00 \• et ... 4 2 2 0... 4 10 38... 9 1 21... 50-00 • 4 2 2 0... 5 5 25 ..10 8 44... 5000 4 2 2 0... 5 5 25... 5 6 29... 50-50 5 2 2 1...14 12 61...12 14 61... 050 "he •.. 4 2 2 0... 9 9 45... 7 12 5n... 50 50 )qhfrt%rllrY•• 4 2 2 0... 5 6 28... 5 10 40... 5000 b',idnl'ard... 5 2 3 0... 7 6 22... 8 11 49... 40 00 '661 4 1 2 1... 4 5 23... 610 42... 3750 Cale 3.1 2 0... 2 5 19... 5 5 25... 3333 q,X„'"u37 ... 3 1 2 0... 3 3 15... 7 5 29... 33.33 ~,10-I:Bl,ten 4 1 3 0 9 5 29.13 16 74... 2500 • ;. • 5 1 4 8 5 31... 7 12 50... 20 00 3 0 3 0- 2 3 13... 8 8 40...1001,0 .iritetal,.ale... 4 0 4 Cf.. ... 1 5 17...11 12 59...10000 --`37••• 4 0 4 0... 1 2 8 ..11 14 64-100'00

IVA, 1/11e411,Ington were potential champions on Saturday N.theY went to Widnes and annihilated the leals by 19'points to nil. They confounded all 11111;c2itics and even surprised the natives by the tidree of their display. On Monday they tackled 'ltlie eNfield full of confidence and found there were qll,l't footballers on the earth, and good ones too. I thsllggest that Huddersfield were under-estimated, is no doubt that Warrington were over- -4(411.rd• Huddersfield are the first class side which 111'420)n have met so far this season, and they superior to their visitors at all points. The iato„r\l'as only 10 points to 2 in the Fartown men's ' but it might easily have been more and still eenected the run of the play. There were lessons learnt on Monday which were not, I think, a-1 on the members of the Warrington Cornmittee tended the match.

,\V,i,retistlortall, I hax=e not been quite as impressed with gton s forward strength as some of the team's te,fores, and I hinted the other day that slashing h' 4.44:lances against teams like Rochdale and St. Ittep Were not much to go by. Monday gave a far thljtdication of relative values, but if possession all was to be the criterion then the Warrington Nis:us "'would have to be dubbed sweetly and simply Slll,ll. They heeled out about once in six n'toticilNes and 'were generally compelled to play I'4l. ltddle to a very active Huddersfield sextette. i4ll easoa for the tome men's success in getting the as "legs up," which went unchecked, and aiaPped the 'Warrington pushers. But it struck that the Fartown pack was well-drilled and ,Ile'rastered the Colonial knack of quick heeling. ,7f0,,1 was in and out of the scrum many a time V the Warrington men had a chance of showing t orri„ wers. Then too, it was obvious that the ,7 it, "gton pack was either lighter than that opposed ;°'4•ll °P else all the six were not getting their heads i!lelßell?tnperly. Certainly, the trouble commenced in ilannages, and beaten there, Warrington were from end to end.

ha - been of the opinion for some time that heington had sacrificed solidity for cleverness in ry.i3tunllflage. Take Boardman and Shugars out- -oth top 14 stones—and which of the remaining ,rk,ttr,," can beat 13 stones? What is wanted is at lle more big than who can combine strength L'tlte'',lll. Otherwise, Warrington are going to he (lA'y iiieTrward by half the clubs in the League. There 'ew teams with front rank men as clever as , O'Malley and Thomas, but if they have the ''/Vry,taill?cl muscle they can get the ball—and that's Lthg. Huddersfield were a much more solid stA eY probably had not one man who could touch 7,tttgll%, but they had six who must have averaged Zotqaear 13!, stones, and they were by no means ers in the loose. One of Warrington's weak is in the pack, and it requires remedying! The were let down on Morday in two othei plooe3 `l!l.ree-quarter and full back. Fish more than 4,‘t'iotli3O Own, but the centres did not travel fast aad they were certainty less speedy than the 113 N °Posed to them. This was obvious whenever ~4h, was any passing. Huddersfield could ran the on backs to earth, or else . Fish would have ti "uPle of tries. Bradshaw, who has played e 04, eenent attacking games,. is no use on the Le and until this deficiency is remedied he will INer-t a class man. There is, of course, every tPal tt° anticipate that the three-quarter line will be any when Frawley and Stuntz are available. there are possibilitiex of disaster whenever 1,7111k„%h club is met. Mclntyre did some clever % 130th on Saturday and Monday, but he made Ntperious mistakes and it was obvious that he th7o4i efl the men in front of him. You can't make a 117(1,41.1'1 back in a season, and the young Warrington •iq has a lot to leara before he can be considered eal man for the post. ttl.ll „ersfield present a shining example of the way tl 'Se pays for itself. They have been building Nearn and cultivating the 'open game for several any student of the ,-,ame could see.that lclre hound to Come to tl';e front. Now they , Otlkt‘ ived, and it says much for their skill and that they could beat Warrington comfortably ih`liC? of their best men—Wagstaffe, centre, and P. 'e p'orward—absent. There are four Colonials on I:,,,l'attrown register, viz., Wrigley, Rosenfeld, len and Walsh, and the play of the teaut is 14.4A1t l'(!' on Colonial lines. The men toss the ball, ?ioNg jith freedom and they have mastered the art of I, le reverse inside transfer in a way that should "Isen to Warrington, who are prone to be too

===== 0002601_19091002_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturda7, October 2, 1909

ST. HELENS' BIG WIN.

Played at St. Helens before 6,000 spectators. The visitors arrived without Walker, their full back, and Ind perforce to take the field with twelve players. Teams :77

St. llelens—H. S. Truth', back; J. Flanagan, J. Greenwood, H. Greenwood, and C. Cr c 3vey, three- quarter backs; F. Trenwith and A. F. Kelly. half backs; Bradley, Brilds, See, Prescott. Walker, and Helsby, for- wardr

Bramley—Hope, back; Kirby, Oldershaw, Orton, and Atkins, t'Aree-ouarter hacks; Smith and Hey. balf backs • Stead, Clarke, Harrison, Burnley, and Sharp, forwards. _ _

Referee, Mr. A. Smith, Halifax. Touch judges, Mr. W. Gregory, Runcorn, and Mr. R. Jones, Widnca.l Bramley started the game and at once got dangerous Trialll Laving to kick dear from Oldershaw. St. Helens pressed near the Bramley end, and Brild scored an unimproved try. After a span of even midfield play Trenwith and Kelly combined, the latter hrading on to Creavey, who touched down at the corner. Creevey failed;to augment, Hay, the Bramley half, tricked Kiang, and beating the opposition scored at the corner. Hope failed to improve. Following this Flanagan doubled in, and feling to find an opening transferred to Creerey, who crossed at the corner. Creevey again failed to convert. Half-time score :—St, Helens 3 tries (a points), Bramley 1 1., y(3 points). • Changing ends, St. Helens were penalised for an informality in their own half, and Hope easily kicked a goal. Afte- Flanagan failed to cross from Greenwcod's pars, the same player rr ade amends a moment later in crossing. Drain tailed. Near the close of the game St. Helens appeared to have the visitors well in band, and tries were gained by Bradley, J. Greenwood, and B. Prescott, Turtill kicking three fine goals. Result :—St Helens 3 goals and 7 tries (27 points), Bramley 1 goal and 1 try (5 points).

===== 0002601_19091002_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
MATCHES ON MONDAY. Warrington's First Defeat

Fresh from their success at Widnes the Warrington men journeyed to Huddersfield full of confidence ;n their ability to maintain an unbeaten certificate. It was recognised that the opposition was furnished by the most improved team in Yorkshire but with a full team the Wirepullors bld no fears. A; events turned out they met their masters at Fartown. There was a fine day for the match, rid with the Huddersfield holidays being on the crowd rolled up l2'h COO strong. 'bough short of Wagstaffe and Walsh the homesters put a i strong team n the field and were every bit as corfident as the visitors. Mr. Mc Cutcbeon was the riferee, and the teams tine,l up as follows : Warr'ngton,—Mclntyre, back; Fish, Dickenson, Taylor and Biadsbaw, threequarter backs • Brooks nod Jenkirs, half-backs; O'Malley, Thomas, Shugars, Boardman, and Harmer, forwards. Huddersfield—Whitwam, back; A. Rosefeldt, E. Wrigley, J. Bartholomew, and W. Kitchen, threequarter backs; P. Holroyd and J. Davies, half backs ; W. Ainley, W. Brook. D. Clark, W. Trevarthen, F. Charles- worth and J. Shallcrose, forwards. Thomas started the game in conditions which did not favour either side, and- a good return was made by Bartholomew who ran to centre before giving a pass which went in touch. Warrington responded with a forward rush beaded by O'Malley and Thomas, the movement being checked in fine style by Wrigley who punted powerfully. Warrington were persistent and again forced their way to the home qnarter where Thomas picked no and threw wide to Bradshaw, the right-winger failing to gather. Whitwam failed to clear a punt, and Davies played the I all off-side in front of his own goal The penalty was promptly awarded and Thomas just grazed the left upright with ' a shot at goal. This narrow escar ) roused the home team and they quickly drove Warrington back by strong forward play and smatt handling. Mclntyre was tested and had his kick charged near the line, Fish sending in touch in the nick of time. A fine combined movement by Brooks, Dickenson, Taylor and Bradshaw took play past centre again but the attack was of short duration. Huddersfield were having the better of the game and Wrigley took a pnalty in good posi- tion but was yards wide. Some hot work in the Warrington quarter followed, Dickenson twice marking in critical situations. Wrigley had another pop at goal —this time from half-way—and was only a little wide of the object. Quick passing by Huddersfield saw Kitchen with fin opening on the lett, but he knocked on when there was only the frill back to beat. A smart run by Fish changed the venue and it looked as if there would be no score before half-time. Five minutes from the interval however. Dickenson was bowled over after punting, and the bail coming loose the -Huddersfield backs brndled well. Rosenfeld passed inside to Ills foraards and Brooks raced over under the posts, le Holroyd kfcng an easy goal. Half-time: Hudders- field 5 points, Waisington, nil Warrington resumed in aggrersive fashior the home team being without Holroyd for a quarter of an hour. Brooks made a strong run but held to long and was tackled. Wrigley made a great effort at centre and forced his way through. lee ball was quickly sent r Iross to the wing and Bradshaw fiy-kicled straight into Kitchen's hands. lite wing man gathered well and running with great determination got over at the corner. Wrigley kicked a flue goal from touch and the crowd cheered itself hoarse. Warrington were not dbne with, however, and Fish led the way to the other end with a long inn down touch. Dickenson took a pass from the act urn and dropped at goel when a pass would have answered better. The hone lot were overplayed for a time, and a well-judged crosskick by Mcletyre found touch near the line. Wrigley broke away agair but a-ae downed by Fish. The Warrington crack then r ;riled cheers by a sterling effort which covered half the length of the field and only failed a ' few yards from the line where numbeis prevailee A moment later Fish made another effort but was grassed on the 25 line. There was a lively struggle here and Shagais and Brook (Huddersfield) received rna-ching lorders as the result of a blow or two. Fich was promin- ent again before the -close and kicked a penalty goal near time. Final: Huddersfield, 2 goalr, - tries (10 points) ; Warringtlr, 1 goal (2 points).

'MERTHYR TYDVIL v. WAKEFIELD TRINITY.

Played at Merthyr on Monday before 3,000 spectators, Merthyr played Gibbons instead of Tom Thomls injured. The visitors were greatly aggressive, but ineffectually, until from a rush Parkes scored a try, which Metcalfe failed to negotiate. Vaughan (Merthyr) was cautioned for rough play. Slat3r finely scored a try, Metcalfe majorising. Result :—Wakefield Trinity 8 points, Merthyr nil.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
IIUDDERSFIELD WIN AGAIN.

The Fartown mon played their third match of the week-end on Tuesd ty when Holl were the visitors. laey proved much impel ior and won by 21. points to eight points. Wrigley scored three goals and three tries of the home total, and played a great game throughout.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE COMBINATION.

*Broughton R."A " 1 0 1 Salford "A" 0 0 0 *Wigan 'A" *Warrington "A" 1 5 17 Widnes" A" 0 1 3 *Runeorn A" ... 1 2 8 RochdaleH. "A" 0 0 0

===== 0002601_19091002_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON "A " V. WIDNES "A."

Special interest centred in this match at Wilderspcol on Satarday, chiefly owing to the appearance of Frawley, the Australian threequarter, who, though not yet completely recovered from the injury to his ankle, had to play in this match to qualify for the Lancashire Cup tie. Smith, a new player from gtockton Heath, alio figured in the threequar ter line,and gave a smart display. Widnes were well represented and started promisingly. Gibbs effects two smart saves and eventually the Warrington forwards, led by Chesters and Beltou,raced to the Widnes end, where Smith made two good efforts to break through. A parsing movement, initiated by Cartwright, ended in Cheaters transferring on to Brad- shaw, the goal shot proving futile Warrington still pressed and only a taw minutes afterwards Smith accepted a pass from Lloyd and scored an excellent try. Daintith added the goal. Lloyd was again prominent in a strert break-away and Cartwright made an opening for Smith, but the pass was not accepted. Widnes, by good passing. worked their way to the home quarters, but he tackling was keen and the visitors ware once more forced to their own territory. Frawley though handicapped by his injury, was on the aleit and did not allow the opposition any opportueities to make head- way. At half-time Warrington led by eight points t nil. Frawley now retired from the field and was warmly cheered. Turning round the homesters imn ediatele forced the pace, and only a few minutes had elapsed before C:rtwright put on the floishing touch to a dis- play of cross dribbling. P: Boardman, who had taken Frawley's place in the three-quarter line, made a capable substitute, and twice was pulled up only inches from the line. Jordan augmented the home score, after the forwards had done splendid work, whilst following a smart movement by Lloyd, Widnes scored a fine try sfter good p‘assing, Bradshaw led Warr:ngton on the attack near the close and Daintith scored. Finai score ; Warrington, one goal five triEs (17 points) ; Widnes, one try (three points.)

===== 0002601_19091002_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTHERN SCHOOLS LEAGUE.

WIDNES SCHOOLBOYS V. WAR EIINGTON SCHOOLBOY,

This match was played at 'Wilderspool en Saturday before the" A" team match. In the first hslf Widnes, who were by far the heavier set, were soon on the aggressive. From a scrummage Widnes got possession, and by a round of passing planted the ball to the left of Warrington's posts. The try was converted. Restarting, Warrington made progress, And Barnes initiated a good round of passing into Widnes's area. but he was pushed into touch, and his efforts frustrated. Widnes proved too heat/ in the "serums," and on the majority of occasions secnred the ball. Half-time arrived with the score—Widnes 8 points, Warrington nii.—Rustarting., the game was more evenly contested, and Warrington had hard lines in not scoring ; Barnes being grassed on the visitors' line. Play was Again taken into the home quarters. From a scru:rmage in Warrington's goal mouth, the Widnes baclis got posses- sion' and enotber try was secured. The kick at, goal failed, No further scoring occurred, the result being —Widnes 8 points, Warriugton nil.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL. THE LEAGUE.-FIRST DIVISION.

RESULTS TO SATURDAY.

Goals—

Pld. Won. Lost. Drn. For Agst Pts. Everton 7.. 5... 1... 1... 14... 9... 11 Newcastle United Manchester United 6... 3... 1... 2... 10... 7... 8 Aston Villa Bradford City Sunderland Sheffield United Nottingham Forest 5... 3... 1... 1... 6... 6... 7 Liverrool Blackburn Rovers Bristol City Bolton Wanderers Middlesbrough 5... 2... 3... 0... 12... 11— 4 Chelsea Notts County Bury Tottenham H Woolilch Arsenal Sheffield Wednesday 6... 0... 4... 2... 5... 17... 2 Preston North End 5... 0... 3... 2... 4... 7... 2 SATURDAY'S RESULTS. G. G. Preston N.E.

Bolton Wanderers Aston Villa Tottenham "Hotspur Sheffield United Notts County Woolwich Arsenal Bristol City ..... ......... 2 B Ary Sunderland Everton

SECOND DIVISION.. RESULTS TO SATURDAY SEPTEMBER 25. —Goals—

P. W. L. D. For Agst. Pts. Hull City W. Bromwich Alb 6 ... 5 ... 1 ... 0 ... 11 ... 5 ... 10 Blackpool Derby Couoty Glessop 5 .. 3 ... 1 ... 1 ... 9... 5... 7 Leicester Fosse Manchester City Leeds City..., Bradford Fulham Wolverhampton W G 2 ... 3 ... 1 ... 8 ... 13 ... 5 Barnsley Stockport County... 6 ... 1 . 3 ... 2 ... 4 ... 8 ... 4 Clapton Orient Grimsby Town 5 1 . 3 ... 1 ... 4 ... 3 Burnley 5 ... 1 ... 3 ... 1 ... 6 10 ... 3 Birmingham 5 ... 0 ... 2 ... 3 ... ... 12 ... 3 Gainshorough T 5 ... 1 ... 3 ... 1 ... 8 ... 14 ... 3 Lincoln City ...... 5 ... 1 ... 3 ... 1 ... 5 ... 36 ... 3 Oldham Athletic 4 ... 0 ... ... 2 ... 5 ... 7 ... 2 c. G. Glossop Blackpc al Burnley Derby County Wolverhampton Wary]. 2 Stockport County West Bromwich Albion 2 Fullum

HUH City Barnsley Bradford I incoln Fosse

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE. —Goals—

Pld. Won. Lost. Drn. For Agst. Pts E'sto'n S. JGhns 3 ... 3 ... 0 ... 0 ... 9 0 ... 6 Wellfield Howley I 2 .. 1 ... 1 ... 11 ... 5 .. 4 Calder Mersey 2 .. 1 ... 1 ... 0 ... 2 3 2 N'ton Amateurs 1 ... 0 ... 1 . 0 ... 0 ... 4 ••• 0 Thelwall United 1 ... 0 ... I 0 ... 0 ... 2 0 W'lkersßrewery 2 ... 0 ... 2 ... 0 0 ... 12 ... 0 Whiteeross gton Albions 0 ... 0 ... 0 ... 0 ... 0 ... 0 ... 0 Results for September 25th. Howley White :Toss 1. Wellfield 5, Walker a 0.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT ELEMENTARY SCHOOLS LEAGUE.

Pld. Won. Drn. Lost. For Pts Heathside Christ Church $ ... 3 ... 0, ... 0 ... U.. 3 G Arpley-street 4 ... 2 ... 1 ... 1 ... 4 ... 5 ... 5 Mary's lleamont 2 ... 2 ... (1 .. 0 ... 4 ... 5 ... 6 Parochial Trinity St. BarnaLas' 3 ... 0 ... 2 ... 1 ... 2 ... 3 St. James' 4 ... 0 ... 0 ... 4 2 ... 7 ... 0 Silver-strect 4 ... 0 ... 0 ... 4 ... 3 ... 12 ... 0 St. Alban's

Fleathside boys continue their victorinrs career, their latest victims being Silver-street, who were badly beaten by seven goals. A-pley-street drew %all Trinity, each ,yetil,falling once. On the play Aroley-street were perhaps slightly superior, but Dale of (I.inity) provci their stumbling ble^l‹.

WARRINGTON LBIONS v. ST. HELENS TOWN. The Albions entertained St. llelens Town at Liver- pool-road on Saturday afternoon in a friendly encounter before a moderate attendance. l no teams were as follows :—Albions : Trow ; Sherf, Sergeant ; B. Whitfield, Dickinson, Tweedale ; Ball, Whitfield, Thomas, Hunter, and Cheaters. St.llelens H.Swinton, Yates, ,?eters ; Moris, E. Swinton, 11 Stott ; Barton, Bluff, Layford, Hall and Birchall. It was evident from the start that St. Helens were a much better team and soon after the kick-off play was herd in the home team's quarter and Birchall had a shot which went wide or the mark. Soon after the ball was in play the Albions rushed down the field and Chesterc had a tag for goal which just missed, the ball bitting the netting. More tapping of the ball and then Hunter seizing a chance ran down and had a clean shot at goal which was intercepted by Yates who pushed the ball into touch. Play again centered round the St. Helens goal and Hunter tried to get the bull throush with a sraatt header, bat Swinton cleared. Every minute or two a man of either side had a ;,zy for goal but none were succesaful until Hail with.a resh defeated Trow. This was added to a moment later by a goal for St. Helens by Birchall. The Albions claimed a penalty but Swinton succeeded in saving the ball from a kick by Hunter. Half-time: St. Helens two, Albions nil. Resuming the garce, St. Helens again pressed, but the ball was punched iato the centre, and there hostilities were waged for a little while. A little combination by thil Albions and Chesters was afforded a good chance, but his shot was Wt ak and wide. Barton had a shot from the corner, but it just missed Cheaters again had an opening but ho failed. Barton had a *-y for goal from the corner which Trow stopped, but knocked the ball in the netting, therefare giving another goal for St. Helens. Hunter secured the ball

for himself, dribbled and bad a shot at goal, which found its mark, thus notching the Albions first goal. Langford also found the netting. Final result :—St. Helens Town 6, St. Albions 1.

FOOTBALL GOSSIP.

BY B. BENNISON.

ILLUSTRATED BY JACK DODWORTII

The first month of a new football season llt;‘, ing closed, it is interesting—one cannot say in. structive, for happenings up to date may lead t( all sorts of misconceptions—to see exactly whai our big clubs have done. One is much surprisce at the inability of Sheffield Wednesday to dc anything right; *Preston North End seem to sug gest, as they did last season, that they need for wards; the strength is ail behind. Bury have done no better than expected. Chelsea do tot play in a convincing way at all; good forwards should not find it very difficult to cat an easy

way through their defence. Middlesbrough, aftet an uncommonly good beginning., have taken tc wobbling; Woolwich Arsenal are just moderate, no better and no worse than I thought they would be. Middlesbrough's Decline.

Notts Forest have advanced in a surprising, almost wonderful, way; had it not been for theit very heavy fall against Liverpool, they woulc have had an amazing record for the first month. Then we have Bradford, after their sorry show last season, playing the part of wonder-workers; Aston Villa carry themselves like a side witl: such high traditions should do; they have been really brilliant on occasion, but . somehow I fancy there will be many days when they will lute their "form" completely. Desertion of "form" is one of the many curious features of the play of our leading clubs. Take Sheffield Wednesday as an example. There does not ap- pear any reason, knowing as I do the nlen who are quartered at Owlerton, why they should have played half a dozen -matches without once taking the maximum number of points;, neither "an ,there be any explanation why Middles- broug,h, after giving an exhilarating exhibition of how to get goals, should become so ineffective as they have been in at least two of their most recent games. Lhave never been able to under- stand why l‘liddlesbrough each season should at some period or othr prejudice their chances of remaining in their .present company, for the men they have have nearly always been most able exponents of the game. The re are, kr in- stance, tremendous possibilities in the forward rank, and though there are one or two -old stagers: in defence, the team, on paper at least, could not be bettered. Tottenham Hotspur, like Notts County and Woolwich Arsenal, scored their first victory a week ago. Chelsea, whom Woolwich Arsenal beat, are very much inclined to go to pieces when they are engaged in a match with the players at. Plumstead; and I was not at all sur- prised that the West Londen club faded. Frankly, I have not much confidence in Chelsea. If Tottenham be wise, they will not coddle them- selves into believing that the three-goal victory over Sheffield Wednesday means that their -team came up to First League requirements. The "Spurs" are not very strong in de-fence; and they will be fortunate if they escape a great deal of trouble. Recruits are wanted at Tottenham. Bert Freema..'s Usefulness.

When Newcastle opened the season with a little tour they contrived to make Everton look very small indeed; Newcastle just won any- how, and there was no mistaking the fact that they gave a very brilliant exposition at Goodi- son Park. 011 Q feared that Everton were in for a rather lean season, but here we have them

avenging their early defeat, and Newcastle, flushed with the honours of their success at Sun- derland the previous week, were hit very hard indeed. The usefulness of Bert Freeman is un- questionable. I am sure that Everton, when they') secured him from WooZwich Arsenal, never expected that he would develop into such a treasure. Freeman is a very lucky young man to have two such men helping him. as Young and Coleman. With all due respect to Freeman. I am sure he will confeFii that he owes much lo them.. You could not wish for two better inside men than Young and Coleman, whose de- Parture from Plumstead caused so much di,;- appointment. Change of quarters has made Freeman one of the most dangerous centre-for- wards we have; his dash through the backs is a fearsome thing ;. it must be seen to be believed. It will be interesting to see how Freeman's brother Walter goes on at Birmingham. Walter is not such a fearless player as Bert, .but the latter has much talent. I am rather sur- prised that Fulham allowed him to go to the Birmingham club. Fulham have quite a little army of -players, Wit considering how dis- appointing the forwards have bc-en so far, they do not seem to have go: the right men to ivin a place in the First Division.

Manchester City's New Goalkeeper. Wet Bromwich Albion had a high old time at Craven Cottage. It will perhaps be remem- bered that they were pretty deci,iively beaten when they were last on the ground of the Lon- don club. They made no mistake this time, and took their revenge with keen ttlish. Early im-

:EEFI7,

pressions very often lead one asiray, and I have an idea that the present Wert Bromwich team is very much superior to that which did duty last season. If the Throstles do not get baek to the -First League this time I shall be very much surprised. -Blackpool continue to do very well indeed; it was good business to play a draw with _.Matichester City, whose officials, by the way, have been on the prowl for new players. They have bagged a- most accomplished goalkeeper in Lyall, who for so long did _duty for •, Sheffield Wednesday.. The transfer mast have been a very high one.. Sunderland. I am told, would have been very glad of Lyall. though with Roe and well there could not have been much scope for the Scottish Inter- national. Since the day of old Jack Hillman Manchester City have spent a lot of money on goalkeTers. If my memory Oe rre s me rightly, they paid £I,COO for Smith, of Leicester Fosse.

We have seen tha liehercians, and on Melt' showing in their first match at Ipswich, with a team got togethei by the Arnat2Lir Football Association, they are no gr.:-at shakes. As a taatter of -fact. -rhos have much to learn.

It% Z-11% F-1 Rsr _ _... -)_ ~ 1 C 4. e ----- i 4 v 4 11l No-rms C -I vIetE:SS ! o 1 LEO .t.osititsj....4) a His , ,--=- CE Kr i F- i (-ATE --

• osYLE N-ru • • \\V \, :1 c-t)) 0 ,

~.. I rz-... , ---IZ-`••17"7-:ik . -I \ • . kr"' \ • . 1.., - 4 ...2, k.r, .H,,•.; ti,:l ~ft------ ,t- 1 i , ~.. , ~..:%/_-::,,-4'...)„..,,, :',V...-",- ''''''':";". Lytywcl-4 Eir Et , -.4-: -- • - ....,: j rj,/, • I NEW ••• ~-',-.7....:t7), , -- C.o. CIAL vr • ,-1- :`'.7.-:,. '' ,

WANTED active, respectable Girl as GENERAL, for farmhouse.—Mrs. BOLTON, Worsley Hall Form, Manchester.

WANTED,COOK-GBNERAL ; small family, good references, housemaid kept ; £2o.—SummEitHlLL, Oxford rd., Bootle.

WANTED, capable GENERAL, immediately; good references; £22;• 3 in family.-3, BALMORAL RD., St. Annes-on-Sea.

NITANTED, GENERAL SERVANT, 18 to 20; wages 6s. 6d. per week.—Apply 55,PRiNcEss RD., Moss Side, Manchester. WANTp, Superior GIRL, about 20, as GENERAL V family three. No wash; £lB.-13, YEW ST., Cliff Ilton, Manchester.

Brou,

WANTED, GENERAL, all duties, for small house V V.... Family of three.—Address, Mrs. SPENCER, 7 Monmouth at., Bury.

AVANTED HOUSEMAID-WAITRESS 2 in family state age,. B:c.—Mrs. HOYLE, Hazelmere; Dunham rd. Altrmcham.

IVANTED Sharp GIRL, assist honsek4eper ; good references; comfortable home.—Mrs.Hertwoon, 8, St. George's st., Chorley.

NIT ANTED,COOK ; experienced Housemaid-Waitress, for Colwyn ; early October.—THORNLEIGH, Burford rd.. Whalley Range.

WANTED nice Respectable Girl as GENERAL; no children.—Apply with references; 15, HUXLEY AVENUE, Cbeetham, Manchester. "

cIOOK, thoroUghly experienced, seeks ENGAGE- MENTS, good class hotel or staff cook. Excellent references.-43, LARK LANE, Liverpool. NVANTED respectable GIRL, about 18, for house- work and to take children out: references required.-58, HOOD LANE, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
FAMILY'S HER -SKIN TORMENTS

Four Children Covered with Tortur-- ina- Eczema—Mother Blind with Erysipelas, Sleepless and Nearly Mad with Worry—Hospital Seem- ed Their Last Resort when

IVANTED, experienced GENERAL, Protestant;„ good references; take all duties.—Mrs. WELSH, Pembroke House, Tarvin rd., Chester.

LADY HELP requires Re-engagement; two in family; no children; no washing; salary £2o. 8., 52, Lyttleton rd., Aigburtb, Liverpool. WANTED, good GENERAL, age 24, family three, wages £2O. Reference required.—FieLDlNG, Church Stile, Rochdale, near, Manchester.

WANTED, SERVANTS, good references (Distance no object). Stamps or interview immediately.— SELECT AGENCY, Littler, Strand Entrance, Holywell. vs 7 ANIED, GENERAL (young, respectable). Minister's family (four). Good wages. Refer. aces required.-11, NORWOOD GROVE, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
CUTICURA CURED THEM ALL IN THREE WEEKS

"Cuticura Soap and Ointment have absol,- Ted me of a serious attack of erysipelas and my our Children of eczema n a bad form. The 4ouble began with my -4Harry, aged ten, who sore places break In his face and his fle body was simply vered with sores. tese sores started in le form of lumps which ised to break and run matter, and then leave nasty raw places. I _ . tried many things but he got worse, anid then the disease be- gan to show itself on each of my three little daughters. They soon became as badly affected as my son and I was driven nearly mad with the worry of it. They suffered dreadfully, and it was most distressing to me not to be able to get anything to relieve them. I did not have a proper night's sleep for three weeks. To make matters worse, I caught a cold, and then erysipelas set in. It affected my face so badly that for two days and nights I could not open my eyes and I had to remain in bed. . "There seemed to be no other course open than for all of us to go into the hospital, but my father advised me to try the Cuticura Remedies. I bought the Cuticura Soap and .Cuticura Oint- ment and the very first application worked wonders. I was simply amazed at their healing power. They quite cured me within three weeks and there is not even a mark now to show the ter- rible skin-torture I suffered. I did not lose any time in trying the effect of the Cuticura Remedies on each of my four children's eczema, and in every case the cure was as perfect as my own. They were all quite well again as soon as I was. Mrs. 'Jeanie Smith, 19, Mildmay Rd.. Romford, Essex, Eng., Nov. 28, '08."

Cutfetus Depots: London. 27, Charterhouse SQ.I Paris, 5, Rude la Pajx: Australia, It. Towns dr Co.. Sydney: India, B. K. Paul, Calcutta: So. Africa. Lennon, Ltd.. Cape Town. etc.: U. S. A., Potter Drue A .Chem Corp., Sole Props.. Boston. ea-Post-free from London depot, liberal sample Of Cutieura. with 32-page book on skin diseases.

J. W. BENSON, Ltd.

THIS NAME on a Watch is the HALL-MARK of RELIABILITY It means that the materials and work- manship used in its construction are the Best Obtainable regardless of cost; that the Watches carrying it are made by J. W. BENSON, Ltd. It appears only on

BENSON'S WATCHES

RENOWNED as the MOST RELIABLE IN THE WORLD. They are made in Gold and Silver, all patterns of Cases, for Ladies or Gentlemen. From £5 to £l,OOO. AT LOWEST CASH PRICES or on "Cbt CMS " System of MONTHLY PAYMENTS.

The Key-wind "LUDGATE" in Silver Cases, £5 : 5; in 18-ct. Gold Cases, £12:12. The New Keyless English Lever for Ladies, in 18-ct. Gold Cases, £lO. The Keyless "BANK" in Silver Cases, £5; in 18-ct. Gold Cases, £l5. The Keyless " LUDGATE" in Silver Cases, £8:8; In 18-ct. Gold Cases, £2O. The World-Renowned "FIELD" in 18-ct. Gold Cases, £25.

Many owners write us, are of "INCOMPARABLE EXCELLENCE."

OUR BOOKS fully Illustrated (the largest and most complete issued), are sent post free. Yo. I, of Watches, Chains and Jewels. No. 2, of Clocks, "Empire" Plate, Sterling Silver for Household use, and pretty yet inexpensive Presents. Fitted Travelling Cases, ct.c.

J. W. BENSON, Ltd.

The Premier Watch & Clock Makers, Makers to the India and War Offices, the Admiralty, &c., &-c. 62 & 64,

LUDGATE HILL.

- ONE BOX OF CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS is warranted to cure, in either sex, all acquired or constitu- tional discharges, from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and 'Pains in the back. Free from' -Mercury. Established upwards of 50 years. In boxea.' 4s. • Ga. each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throughout the world, or sent for sixty stamps • by the makers The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Co., Lincoln.-Advt. To MOTHERS.—MRS. WlNsLow's Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of taothers for the children While teething, with perfect success. It w:11 relieve the poor sufferer immediately, it is pleasant t) taste ; and produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and the little chem') awakes "as bright as a button." Of all Chemists Is, lid. per bottle.

Autely cu. '- tk.\\(‘' trc son. 4*' had out c; W/1011 CO - Tho thi ' •

~ , . 7...'..-- .. , 11 i - '''' -... , /: „ -• _LA i .\\, , . , • , .. ,/ \ eifir.”.e. . ,e,..\ ~' I , /7 ..fe.,„.1.,--> T,-- . i 1 q 1 ':• 1 ~; ( 1 M' , • V-1 0 :Cl' V * ..1';:. \. .1 1 4, , . 'i ~\,,, 4.‘”k4x..,/,' /..../ .•:---.?,4( . ...-'*;z:,:—: • - __.,-_ r'---

LONDON, E.C.

-..,-;,----: - ''',:-,r.„.;-....= : _ . .. . ~.. . . - . .. •„ ....,.,. . , •-•':..--':',. . . ,ir-7...Z`.• <,..--...:5•. -.0:----,..,',:.t.0- , ...; ER I 7*-,1 --,-;-?...:;v-i ...* 1, ~.:.- 0 ),,‘ --,:-_—?...:::',. ~/,ft 4- ~,s-...-_, v . :--,.,—., ''.,‘-k- - • ' \ .-4.7...-4 , F.----., tO -.4z--7- -I i`.l ....,..vit_,:• 16t-777; Oft , ~ ..:.-1:-..7 . ~..."Ark. . '•.4 • .xc*::..----.% z 5..., ~_,,,,,,,.:••‘-x'"-:-.;:-.:—‘----;::;11' •••,-A •,.........,.i.:.:;•, • -:?fr..,,,,,,,, kiiiiii4ititifist„ ..r, .....- ...,:v., ....,:„fid11n„,.,,..,,,,,,,,,,,, ''',l,,gkiii,ilinl,•,A.,- ,„

W.ANTED, good COOK, Cook-generals, School- room-maid, three good Kitchen-maids.—DRYDEN ST. LADIES' AGENCY, Nottingham. Stamp reply.

WANTED GENERAL (good, about 18-20) good home for suitable girl ; references required.— STANSFISLD, Confectioner, Werneth Hall rd., Oldham, Lancs.

WANTED, good GENERAL; three in family; no children; 3s. 6d. week; good home for reliable girl. —ANDERTON, Stonebridge lane, West ' Derby, Liverpool.

WANTED, thoroughly experienced GENERAL; aged 25 to 30; good character indispensable; another maid kept.—Apply, Mrs. FARNWORTH, Astley, near Manchester.

WANTED HOUSEMAID, m4st be good needle- woman; help to wait; age 20 to 24.—Apply, stating ago, wage, and references, Mrs. PHILLIPS, Bryancli ffe, Wilmslow.

1 _MRS. READ requires good plain Cooks, Waitresses, Housemaids,Housemard-waitresses,Cook-generals Nurses and Superior Generals.--;SELEcT REGISTRY„ Rustioline, Manchester.

DOMESTIC SERVANTS.—WANTED several good Cook-Generals, good.wages ; also Generals for town and country; refences.—The MISSES ROBINSON, Yorkshire at., Registry, Burnley.

WANTED, by September 22, HOUSEMAID- WAITRESS, Protestant; 3 in family, wages £l6; 20 minutes from Exchange Station.-Mrs.TARBUCK, The Laurels, Magbull, near Liverpool.

NATANTED at once YOUNG LADY (18-20), domesti- v cated and fond of children; to assist with two children (2 and 4), and with housework; no maid; comfortable home; .£lO-.£l2.—Apply Mrs. R., 37, Hilton rd., Leeds.

LADIES may secure good Domestics, and trusty Servants find good places by communicating with the old-established Employment Agency, " MIZPAII," Peabody rd., Farnborough, Hants. Estab. 1892 by the late Miss Brown. Now conducted by her brother. Stamp reply.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER Series OF WEEK-END NEWSPAPERS COMPRISES:-

THE WARRINGTON EXAMINER .published every Saturday morning. The principal and the oldest weekly paper for War- rington, Stockton Heath, Penketh, Winwick, Padgate Lymm; &c., being one of the largest and best weekly papers in Lancashire and Cheshire. The district covered by this paper comprises a large trading and agridultural tract in South Lancashire .and Mid- Cheshire.

THE RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning. It is the best weekly paper in fown and district, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers.

rriFIE WIDNES EXAMINER, published every -I. Saturday morning. Widnes contains the largest number otchemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. THE EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning. The largest local paper containing the news of Earlestown, Newton-le-Willows, Golborne, Haydock, Lowton. Scc The district thus comprised is a most important part of the Lancashire coalfields. THE ST. HELENS EXAMINER, published every i Saturday morning, circulating n St. Helens, Prescot, Parr, Sutton Peasley Cross, &c.—the centre of the glass, chemical and watch trades of thA Kingdom.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. APARTMENTS WANTED.HOUSES WANTED.

APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. ARTICLES FOUND. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. MISCELLANEOUS SALES.

One Three Six Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 16 ... 6d. ... is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. ... 3s. 9d. 24 ... • 9d. ... is. 10d. ... 3s. Od. ... ss. Od. 32 ... is. Od. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. ... 7s. 6d. 40 ... is. 3d. ... 3s. id. ... ss. Od. ... Bs. 9d. 48 .. is. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6s. Od. ... 10s. Od.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
Domestic Servants, etc.

WANTED, good, plain COOK; one other maid kept.-1, AIGI3I:RTH VALE, Liverpool.

I,IVANTED, COOK-GENE4AL ; . good character ; V V small family; no washine.-29,CRosBY FlD.Birkdale.

IVANTED young GENERAL about 20.—Apply giving references to 52, HOGIITON ST., Southport

WANTED, HOUSEMAID Waitress. Good refer- ences. State wages.-74, PARK RD., Southport.

VVTANTED COOK-GENERAL, able to wash; refer- ences required; wages 10s.—Apply MARKET HOTEL, Burnley. WANTED, GENERALS, two young GIRLS. No fee till suited.—WHYTE'S, 4, Albert rd., Levens- hulme, Manchester.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
Horses, Carriages, Live Stock

"VIVE Good DONKEYS for SALE, suitable for children.—Apply H. W. ACKERLEY, 19, Brunswick st., Runcorn. LOVELY Blue PERSIAN KITTENS (females), by Lord Thurlow ; orange eyes.--Misses ELLIOTT, Speke rd., Garston, Liverpool.

fiN SALE, very good flat top CART; only been used a few times. Worth seeing ; cheap. Will fit from 12 to 15 hands cob.—Apply S. DEAKIN, Butcher, Wall- gate, Wigan.

ON SALE, two LURRIE6, 9 cwt., 12 cwt., screw brakes; also Light Trap, Milk Float, and four- wheel Bread Van,—Cous kDWAIDS, Abbey Hey, Gorton, Manchester.

ATARSTON'S, 24, Bradford St, Birmingham Modern light Funeral stock, sale or hire, New and Second-hand, 50, low prices, easy tern* Hearses Care, Coaches, Brakes; Landaus, Hansoms, £2O II ustrated catalogues and prices free.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
HORSE! HORSES! HORSES!

SURE CURE for horses, cattle, pigs, or dogs suffer- ing from ringworm, itch, mange, or vermin, Is. 6d. per bottle. Sure Cure for grease on horses' legs, sore shoulders, or cut anywhere' is. 6d. per bottle. send postal order.—ARGYLE CO.. 3, Garstang-road, Preston.

-El.do-POLISIIING HARNESS BLACKING • no )1/47 labour, no brushing, softens leather; gallons 4s. 6d., large tins l&—Agents: S. Thompson, Chel- ford ; Mr. Marshall, saddler, Knutsford ; A. Radford, Altrincham • J. Osbaldeston, Sale; Brownhill and Sons, Stretford; W. Knight, Stockton Heath, Warring- ton; Mr. Monks, Bridge-street, and Mr. Seddon, Sankey-street, Warrington; A. Hunt, Widnes-road, and Thomas Linaker, Victoria-road, Widnes; Mr. Matthews saddler j Bull Ring, Northwich •' Messrs. Lea and Son Runcorn; Alfred Lightfoot, High-street, Sandbaoh ; Paul Higgins, saddler, and F. P. Jackson, Mill-street Congleton ; Wm. Lamb, saddler, Nantwich ; Alhet Clews, saddler, Mill-street, Crewe; C. Irlam, 142 Liverpool-road, Cadishead.—UNlCOßN BLACKING Co. anchester.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
OIL PAINTINGS.—SpeciaI Offer. To Advertise. Send P. 0.65. to-day for pair lovely scenes framed, 19in. x 14in. Carriage paid.—SAßGENT,Martin,Salisbury. OULTRY Corn and Meal, Al quality, 5s 6d cwt. bags included; sample bags, 2s. 9d. 56th., is. 6d 2eIb.—EVERTON POULTRY CORN AND MEAL STORES, 79, Everton terrace, Liverpool.

REAL NAVAL SERGE, as supplied to Navy ;31 in. wide; splendid for costumes or skirts ; Is. 20. per yard; cash returned if not'approved of.— H. J. GASSON, Naval Contractor. Rye.

RUGS! RUGS !!—Good, all wool, 7ft. long, 6ft wide, and weigh :41bs.; Government Grey; only been used a little; much better than common new; 1 will send one post free for 3s. each.—H. J. GASSON, Contractor, Rye.

REVOLUTION IN CHEQUE-BOOKS.—Save time and useless Book-keeping by using an Excelsior Patent Bank Cheque-book. Specimen sheets,particulars. Send 5 stamts.—EXCELSIOR BANK CHEQUE-BOOK CO., 14, New st., irmingham. Genuine. RAZORS, Razors, Razors.—Two real German Hollow- ground Razors; fully warranted; in handsome case 3s. 6d., singly is. 9d. each, post free ; satisfaction guaranteed or money returned.— GOLDING, Dept. A., 1. York Row, Kingsland, London, N.E.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
CORSETS.

STRONG, well-made iiii-A4:l-EAN CORSETS, any size, 19 to 30 ; carriage paid,for postal order 3s. 6d. ‘Vorth a trial.

HENRY HUDSON, 3, BURY COURT, LONDON, E.C. SIETLIING new for home decoration. Marvellous . value in pictures. Selection of thirty subjects. Send one shilling in stamps or Postal Order for three beautiful sample photogravures with frame in solid oak Other pictures pro rata.—ST. PAUL'S STUDIO, 2, Cheap- side, London, E.C.

WORCESTERSHIRE SAUCE horn maker to con sumer, 6d. bot.—CLARK, 17, Kent rd., Sonthsea- THE Ideal Apparatus for Greenhouse work is the Patent 'Salamander' ; economical, cheap,free from smoke or smell.—H A SSALL & SINGLETON, Birmingham. MO SECRETARIES.—OriginaI Lantern Lectures. Servia, Corsica, Holland etc. Interesting, enter- taining, popular, terms moderate.—TßAV ELL ER, 30, Hanover Square, lIIIOURING CARAVAN for sale, £5O;. accomodates four, fitted every convenience, cost £110; view in Birmingham by appointment.—A. J. E. C., 66, Schbert rd., S.W.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, October 2, 1909.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
Hotels, Hydros, Boarding Estabs.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
Motor Cars and Cycles, etc. lAN SALE, Second-hand MAIL CART in good condi tion.—Apply J., 43, Padgate lane, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
Wanted.

A( ANTS Wanted sell Private Xmas Cards, amazing terms, best book published.—LEE BROS., Preston.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
AGENTS Wanted, either sex, to sell our celebrated Cash Bonus Teas, highest quality; universally known; particulars free.—MEADOW'S TEAS, Keswick AGENTS (salary and commission), Sickness and Accident Assurance, including free doct&r, medicine, and legal aid.--Apply MANAGER, 115 a, Dale St., Liverpool.

RESPECTABLE MEN having spare time can profit- ably increase m eekty income selling Portrait Enlargements.—Particulars, MANAGER, 15, Whitehall rd., Thornton Heath, S.E.

NVANTED, CLOVER ROOT for a few weeks for Sheep. Also keep for 100 lambs till April.— Apply THOS. WADSWORTH, Moor Cock Inn, Rooley Moor, near Rochdale.

WANTED JUNIOR CLERK.—Abstainer. quick. and correct writer and arithmetician.—Address E.H. Examiner Office Warringtun, with full particulars, age, wage, experience and references.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
AGOOD INCOME can be earned by Ladies in every district willing to undertake philanthropic work. No previous experience required, but must give refer- ence.—Box 55u, c/o SHARROW & THATCHER, Holborn Place, London.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
To be Let.

PENKETIL—COTTAGES, 2s. Bd., and 2s. 6d., per week 53, WASH LANE, rent 75., per week. 57, CATHERINE STREET, rent 4s. per week. 143, KNUTSFORD ROAD, Latchford, House, two entertaining and four bedrooms; £l4 a year. BRIDGE-FOOT, Warrington, small 2-storey Works, with river frontage and good yard ; suit any trade. HALL NOOK LANE, Penketh, good semi-detached Residence; large garden ; sunny situation ; £4O. IIARKET-GATE, Warrington. good Double Office, most central position in town ; good light ; £l6. 67, PRIESTLEY STREET, rent ss. 6d. per week. SHOP, 67, WIN WICK ROAD, Rent Bs. 6d. per week. Apply ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent, No. 1 Bank Street Warrington. Telephone—No 55. TIO LET 17, FOLLY LANE.—Apply WOODS & SON Solicitors, Horsemarket Street, Warrington. MO LET, HOUSE, Leigh Villas, Knutsford rd.; rent £16.--Apply ALDRED, Leigh Villas G rappenhal I.

MO LET.—GOOD HOUSE, Hopwood-street; 3 bed rooms; rent ss. 6d.—Apply WOODS AND SoN, Solicitors, Horsemarket st.

STRETTON.—VILLA TO LET; modern conveni- ences; 11 miles from tram terminus.—For further particulars apply J. ROSE, Wicken house, Stretton.

910 LET excellent HOUSE, Whitefield rd., Stockton Heath ; two entertainieg, four bedrooms box- room, batb, separate w.c. ; good garden; moderate rent.—Apply J. HALLIWELL, Market at., Warrington. mo LET, EASTGATE, Chapel lane, Sankey. This 1. ' very desirable residence, close to Sankey C.L.C. Station just vacated, containing two entertaining rooms, four bedrooms and bathroom. H. and C. through- out, with large garden in the rear.—For particulars apply to S. OWENS, Estate Agent, 66, Victoria rd., IVidnes.

T& J. L. TUNSTALL AND CO. • BEWSEY CHAMBERS, WARRINGTON, ESTATE AGENTS AND VALUERS. HAVE TO LET : FIRST-CLASS SHOP in Bridge st., moderate rent immediate possession. SEMI-DETACHED VILLA, Knutsford rd., Grappenhall good situation, £32 per annum. SPLENDID FAMILY HOUSE; central; £25 p.o, HOUSES in Parker st., £l6 per annum. FIRST-CLASS CORNER SHOP. in main st., TWO-STOREY BUILDING with Stable, in Penketh ; would suit bakehouse or laundry. HOUSES in Sankey Bridges, 3s. to ss. 6d. per week. LAND for building purposes. SPLENDID HOUSES iu Latchford with bath, is. per

week. EXCELLENT SEMI-DETACHED VILLA in Stockton Heath; bath; w.c. and good garden. GOOD ROOMY HOUSE, Bewsey-road, low rent.

ALL PERSONS WISHING TO SELL THEIR BUSINESSES quickly and privately should come to the place where businesses are bought and sold daily. Genuine concerns are usually sold by us in 14 days. Send postcard, and our representative will call. The largest Bu,iness and Partnership Agency in England. EXPRESS BUSINESS TRANSFER CO.,

HEAD OFFICE, 74, VICTORIA STREET, MANCHESTER.

REMEDY.—Excellent for all pains in the Head, Teeth, Stomach; also for Sciatica, Rheumatism, &c. (Pay after trial).—Write Dr. ALVERNIIE, Canet, Herault, France.

ELASTIC STOCKINGS Is. lid. &c., superior, usual 3s. 6d. quality • measurement list free; satis- faction guaranteed. quality; SUPPLY C0.,19, Cannon at., Manchester.

CORNS. IMMEDIATE RELIEF ! ! !

KAYDEE will quickly cure themost obstinate corns. Post free for 80. from THE AVOLITE CO., Dept. S., St. James's Parade, Bath.

RHEUM.ATISM.—Celebrated London Physician's prescription, cured thousands, will cure you, free Is. Returned if ineffective.—E. A. BUREAU, 10, St. Margaret's Place, Bradford.

UREE TO YOUNG MEN.—A pamphlet on Hygiene 1' or how to protect your health, benefit posterity and worth tons of cure.—Address HYGIENIC APPLIANCE CO, 44, Bath lane Terrace, Newcastle-on-Tyne.

AI ARTHU for Rheumatism, Gout, Lumbago,Sciatica &c.—Worth more than gold to the Rheumatic. One price 2s. 9d.—THE MARTHU Co., Axminster. N.B. Any enquiry relating to Rheumatism, &c., answered Free if stamped envelope is enclosed.

COUTTS GUARANTEED ACE ric ACID "Manual of al System of Treatment" 9d. cloth Is. "The Practical Guide" sent Post Free (state. paper). Agents Wanted. No Risk. Good Commission. COUT TS, 6, GREAT EASTERN ST., LONDON, E.O Q ANJEC," a unique compound of pure vegetable 1.7 extracts, in small pill form, prepared by experi- enced chemists, which cures Indigestion, Constipation, and all disorders of stomach, liver, and bowels.-48 pills in pocket phial, is. post free from SANJEC CO., Depot. 244, St. Paul's rd., Highbury, N.

pILES and Hxmorrhoids absolutely cured by drinking Rhodes'" Healu " Medicine, the only guaranteed Pile cure. Not one failure. £2O will be given to any hospital where we fail to cure.—Order from your chemist at is. I Id. and 2s. 3d. per bottle, postage 3d.; or from Hy. RHODES & Co., 35 Elliott rd., 4ixton,London Low Spirits, Neurasthenia,Nervous Feelings, such as you wish you were dead, think you /are ruined, things can't go on, tired in the mornings, can't work, wonder what your family will do, and kindred feelings; those afflicted will get the' benefit of the experience .of a gentleman of position and something to their advin- tage.—Write NURSING HOME, 383, St. George's rd., Glasgow. Nervous cases boarded at coast, country or city. Splendid rooms. Nursing in all its branches.

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY-FIVE YEARS DR. DAVIS S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS

HAVE been universally admitted to be a Boon to Womankind. They'are the best known Remedy or Anemia, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart. Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities and all Female Ailments. Boxes Is. lid., 2s. 9d., 4s. 6d and lie. (Sample sent free). Only address :-309 PORTOBELLO ROAD, NOTTING HILL, LONDON

GEORGE BAX & SONS, 231, SEVEN SISTERS' ROAD, LONDON, N. RELIABLE TURF ACCOUNTANTS. Credit accounts opened on approved references. Revised Rules, post free, on application. - -

DR J. COLLIS BROWNE'S C HLORO DYNE, •a The old and tried remedy that sto"' the test of two generations.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORO DYNE.

, . Invaluable for COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, NEURALGIA , ° REFUSE to be put off scl cati SUBSTITUTE. The origin n,OO be had of ALL CHEMISTS' to sbccoew iyola7noteak fipt an imitation. BROWNE IS THE NAME; is. 2s. 9d., 4s. Gd. the prices. DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S HLORODYN E. •

TELEPHONE: 312, RUSHOLME.

A. HOLT, 55 Princess Rd. Moss Side, MANCHESTEO'

EETH EETI4

TEETH

TEETH

HOURS: 10 TO 12; 2 TILL S. SATURDAY 10 111'1' 64 Over 20 years with late I H. Parkinson, Citr

T , /I it 11111 T 4ityllll7vll4 4*if

===== 0002601_19091002_art0054.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
AIL

===== 0002601_19091002_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
Our Overcoats

fill all the rE-

quirements as to correct style, material, cut, workmanship ard price. It is only the price that varies, ac- cording to the cost of the fabric, for every

garment has the same careful at- tention as to fit and fitness. We should like you to see our new- est examples of good tailoring. If you are thinking about buying a a new Overcoat, or a suit in fact, it will well repay you to visit us. Tailoring to us is a new departure, but our reputation for selling the best quality Men's Wear is unrivalled. OVERCOATS - - SUITS to measure -

- from 21'- - from 256

J. Banks,

Gents Outfitter,

62 Ilorsemarket Street, Warrington.

THE EXAMINER;

SATURDAY, OCTOBER 22ND, 1909.

The first note of the WARMING TO coming conflict was THEs'FRAY. struck in the. House of Lords on Wednesday. Lord LANGFORD, desirous of supporting the second reading of the Irish Bill, wished to know whether it would be possible to amend the financial proposals of the Bill in Com- inittee. The reply of Lord CREWE was yery Inuch to the point. He said that to increase 'as to vary or diminish, a charge on public funds has not ,hitherto been considered to fall Vithin the province of the House of Lords. 1' hat seems to us to be a statement °rale Nthole case. The Lords have nothing to do 'With tne financial arrangements of the 'country. This is not a consequence of a declaration made in the Seventeenth Century, as We find so many of our contemporaries contending. It gees back to EDWARDIAN claYS—over at least doubly as large a space 43f time as that which is claimed for the first assertion by the House of Commons of its absolute control over finance. • The actual situation, and the constitutonal llosition are very well understood by the

leading men in both Ho-uses- of Parliament. We are quite convinced that neither Mr. BALFOUR nor Lord LANSDOWNE will recom- mend either the rejection or the hanging up of the Budget. If we were to use -a common colloquial expressiono,ve should say that they are not such fools. So far the Peers are subject to restraint; they will be required to behave reasonably. They were permitted to tear the Housing and Town Planning Bill to pieces. They are to be permitted to use their teeth on the Irish Land Bill. What does this mean? It means that they are to treat the Budget Bill as if they were persons with satiated appetites. They will have had a free run of the arena before the Finance Bill goes before them, and by that thpe they will be devouring monsters no more. This, at any rate, is the official Tory arrangement. The leaders of the party will not permit their followers to destroy the Budget if they can prevent such a catastrophe. But they neither know what they can do nor what they can prevent.

We may be wrong, of course. We speak only from conviction and from experience; but we are quite strongly convinced that the Lords will not take the risk of treating the Finance Bill as if it were a measure dealing, let us say, with sewage or the making of a country road. If they had intended to go to extremes, they would have let other Govern- ment measures slip through, as they did in the case of the Trades Disputes Bill. When they wreck minor measures, they mean to signify that they have no intention of reject- ing those which are of supreme importance. • This is what we take to be the present posi- tion of affairs as regards the intentions of the leaders of the Tory party. But the leaders of the Tory Party do not know who are their followers in the House of Lords. The MARQUIS OF LANSDOWNE can command those members of his party who 'put in any- thing like a regular attendance. He has no control over the much larger number of noble lords who only put in an appearance when they believe that their personal interests are in danger. So that it comes to this, that the interests of the _ country and the character of the Constitution are to be placed at the mercy of two or three hundred members of the House of Lords who do not think the interests of the country to be of sufficient impprtance to justify them on ordinary occasions in paying a cab-fare from Hyde Park Corner to Westminster.

Thursday's "Ma n - A LEAD FOR chester Guardian " conJ

CHURCHMEN. tamed a trenchant article written under the nom de plume of " Quartus " by so well- known and respected a Church dignitary as Canon Hicks. The subject is one that con- cerns every Churchman, cleric and lay. At the present moment many honest,enlightened, but thoroughgoing Churchmen are hesitating about their course of action (i.e. how to vote at the next General Election). They have been told that the Budget is Socialism by a no less responsible authority than Mr. Balfour, and they have heard it said oft and again that Socialism is but another name for spoliation, and the negation of Christianity, and the destruction of the marriage tie. If they have not read and thought deeply they may believe these things. Canon Hicks goes to considerable trouble to meet the difficulties of such gentlemen .and to point the way clearly for them. They need not boggle at the bogey of" Socialism "—" which is being dressed.up with fresh terrors and exaggera- tions by the ehemies of democracy," to quote the canon's truthful and reassuring words. "At Oxford and Cambridge the abler and more thoughtful minds are going over in crowds to Socialistic principles." . 1 " Within the Church of England, and outside of it, the younger and earnest men are eager for social reform and impatient to see it achieved' • • • • "The Church is quickening her pace and not too soon. If she fears revolu- tion, let her take sides with the democracy, there is no safety elsewhere." These are weighty words, inviting the grave consider- ation of all Churclimen who feel themselves hide-bound by prejudice and patronage. If they are true to themselves and their sacred mission they will let conscience decide. There is no middle course. Churchmen must either "follow the gleam" of progress, or stake the prosperity and privileges of the Church upon the party of reaction.

The yearly business MESSRS. PEARSON meeting of the Pearson AND KNOWLES and Knowles Coal and ANNUAL MEETING. Iron Co., Ltd., has always a special inter- est for Warrington-.—largely because the firm is the biggest employer of labour in the town, and partly because its operations give a reli- able indication of the state of the coal and iron trades. We are glad to be -able to congratu- late Messrs. Pearson and Knowles on being in a position to present another sound balance sheet to their shareholders at the 36th annual meeting last Monday. The dividend is less than it was twelve months ago, but the results of the year's work- ing cannot be looked upon as other than satisfactory considering the depression which has existed in the iron and coal industries. A profit of £61,890 is a substantial earning in bad times. Mr. Harmood Banner, M.P., the chairman of the Company, as usual had some interesting observations to make in his annual review. We note that he patted the Company on the back because it had paid out £620,956 in wages and only £40,220 in dividend to shareholders=a distribution between labour and capital of "the nett proceeds of manufacture" which he thought combated the oft-heard contention that labour did not get its fair share. We really wonder how such an expert in figures as Mr. Banner can imagine that the illustra- tion is convincing, because even the confid- ing general public will scarcely believe that he and his fellow shareholders are in busi- ness for their health. As a matter of fact the figures themselves will not bear analysis. The dividend may, it is true, only absorb £40,220 but in addition £20,000 has been added to the reserve fund awl a considerable sum taken. out of profits for extensions and renewals. In another year the whole of the profit might be absorbed by the erection of new works—if the directors so willed— and Mr. Banner could claim with the same small amount of reason that labour had got all, and capital nothing! Such a comparison as he offers for public consumption° is hardly _worthy of the esteemed chairman of the company. We hope Messrs. Pearson and Knowles will con- tinue to prosper, but we must not be gulled into thinking that the be-all and end-all of

- IS° .. ~ --' - # ;II ' t 1 4 •, ,` ;Ait. . A ` , .I. ri ;-4:', ''' j e, ,/ 1 , 1 . . 1 1, I ' .',4-... ,; ::.t ,:• 'I , :'J 4 ' l'i, 4.. ' ''.' • 0 , . • f ii ... f; ; • i„ - 1_,.. ,__ ..... _.....\ ,

===== 0002601_19091002_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
their vast operations is the earning of £620,956 in order to find employment for several thousand workers. The men do a little honest earning also, and if Mr. Banner wishes to re-adjust matters between capital and labour he must be prepared to meet labour's contention that some share in the profits, over and above bare wage, is its just due.

With every promise of THE DEBATING a successful session, the SOCIETY. Warrington Parlia- mentary Debating Society resumed its consideration of affairs of State on Tuesday evening. It was pleasing to note the enthusiasm and good feeling which pervaded the assembly and the Society is•unquestionably doing a useful and com- mendable work in enabling budding politi- cians of the various schools to meet for keen yet friendly debates on the great topics of the day. The Speaker aptly expressed the hope, which was generally endorsed, that none of the bitterness which a general election may engender will find its way into the pre- cincts of the House. The Government pro- gramme as outlined by the Premier (Mr.W.H. Stansfield) is a somewhat ambitious one, and we fear some of the leaders of Conservatism will be inclined to regard it as quite revolutionary. The possibility of the closing of public houses on election days being embodied in a Tory measure seems too good to be true. It does not,, however, square with the attitude of the party which has so consistently endeavoured to thwart temper- ance reform. There is much in the Premier's forecast which will probably command the support of all sections of the House, but from the debating standpoint ' a more frankly Conservative and controversial programme would have been preferable. There will soon be more difficulty in defining Conservatism than Socialism.

Yet another scare of ANOTHER "RUINED "ruined industries." INDUSTRY." industriously _circu-

lated in the Protec- tionist Press, has been exposed and made ridiculous. And the instrument of this exposure is actually a Unionist Peer, who on general grounds is opposed to the Budget. Earl De La Warr, who from his own experi- ence in devolving his property can speak with knowledge about the state of the market for land, has written to the Press complaining of the fiction invented by Protectionist organs ,that the Budget has depreciated the value of land. On the con- trary, he asserts with conviction that the value of land is distinctly and in some cases enormously increasing, and any fall that may have taken place in house property set in two years before the Budget. And it is on the strength of reckless mis-statement such as this pretended slump in the property market that we are asked to regard the Budget as so " revolutionary " that it can only be met by a revolution in constitu- stitution'al principles firmly, established for three hundred years!

Mr. Lloyd-George has LOCAL AUTHORITIES very naturally and AND THE LAND -very wisely decided to TAXES. hold over for consulta- tion with the local authorities the allocation of the moiety of the land taxes which is assigned to them. As he pointed out on Monday, this decision will involve only a very slight delay in allocation, after the proceeds have accrued. Mr. Balfour, in trying to make capital out of this, exposed himself to a strong counter-attack from Mr. Lloyd- George, who showed up the absurdity of the Opposition's attitude in calling the half of the land taxes which goes to the National Exchequer robbery. It is true that Mr. Balfour had hedged his own case round with some flimsy qualifications. But a prominent Tariff Reformer like Mr. F. E. Smith is now attacking the Budget for its land taxes and yet hesitating to go back on the support which he gave in his election address to taxation of increment • value by local authorities.

The latest manceuvre THE ELECTION of the Opposition •is to ISSUE. pretend that the dis-

solution which the House of Lords threatens to bring about is to be fought on the Budget alone. There is even an attempt to make out that the House of Lords are taking quite a democratic step. "After all," they say, "what are they doing but asking for a popular mandate. Even if they are beaten, they would have done quite a useful thing. They will have allowed the people to decide!" Now, just see where that leads. It means that the people are to be forced to have a General Election on every Budget to which the Lords object. If that view is accepted, then we may have another General Election next year on the same issue. The country may be kept in a perpetual state of chaos. It will be impossible for any Liberal Government to levy its taxes. That view is clearly intolerable. The great point to remember is that if the Lords compel a dis- solution this year on the Budget, it must be the last dissolution of the kind. The ques- tion to be decided at the coming General Election is not only the "Budget," but the "Lords."

===== 0002601_19091002_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
Death of a Crimean Veteran.

Andiber of the rapidly diminishing band of Crimean and Indian Mutiny veterans passed away on .Sunday, in the person of Sergeant William Bloom- field, 63a, Winwick-street. The deceased, who would have been 81 years of age on Thursday, had a fine record of acti:e service to his credit. He enlisted in the 95th Regiment on February Bth, 1846, and after several years' service in China, he sailed for the Crimea in 1854. He took part in the battles ,of Alma and • Inkerman and in the siege and capture of Sebastopol. The Crimean campaign over, he returned home but in 1857 his regiment\ was drafted to India where the mutiny had broken out,thad Sergt. Bloomfield served through the long struggle for British supremacy. He retired from active service on August 26th, 1867, afterwards joining the Militia staff for nine years. For 23 years the deceased held the position of caretaker of the Fever Hospital, lie was a staunch Conservative and took a keen interest in politics. He leaves a widow, four sons, and a daughter. Two of the sons are serving in the regiment with . which their father saw so much service, while another is bandmaster at; the Derby Depot. The funeral took place at the Cemetery on Thursday afternoon with full military honours. The cortege left the house of the deceased's son,illaydock-street, headed by the Orford Barracks band, 21 of the firing party, and about 100 of thf rank and file. The Rev. James Davies, vicar of St. Ann's, performed the last rites. Whilst at the graveside 3 volleys were fired and the band played the" Dead March" in Saul with impressive effeet. , The buglers also sounded the "Last Post." Amongst those present were, Colour- Sergeants Cummins and Bowers (Indian veterans) Alderman Smethurst (representing the local Veterans Fund) Mr. W. T Flood(representing the Health Depart- ment) Alderman Bennett and Mr. NV. Holbrook (Con- servative Association). Amongst the many wreaths received was one from the officers and men of the Orford Barracks.

ES HI RE DAMSONS, is. Gd, per doz SIBERIAN ,CRABS for Jelly, is. 9d. per doz. • McDERMOTT, "Cheapest Man Alive." MARKET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
PrES AND NOTIONS.

Colonel Seely M.P., has promised to address a Parr Hall meeting under the auspices of the Liberal Association on November 18th. * * *

Mr. J. Howes, junr., the Liberal Registra- tion agent for Warrington is to be married on October 23rd. We consider this an excel- lent preliminary for him to the general election. There is nothing like having a hearth and home to fight for. * * *

Mr. Harwood Banner, M.P. and Mr. J. J. Bleckly both see signs of improvement in the iron trade, and even hold hopes of the coal trade. In view of the set-back to Tariff Reform, the advance of the Budget, and the spread of " Socialism," optimism from such quarters is most reassuring. * *

Mr. G. C. Rees, the Liverpool barrister,who took .a prominent part in the defence in the Warrington election petition proceedings, has just opened his winter political campaign at Bangor, in the constituency of the Chancellor of the Exchequer. During October he will also address meetings at Manchester, Caergwrle, Nelson, Dukinfield and Liverpool.

The Chinese are now nearly all gone from the Rand. On August 31st the number had been reduced to 5,361, and of these 2,164 left a week ago, bringing the total down to just over 3,000. Of these, 1,300 leave on or about December 9th. All the Chinese who were on the Rand when the Liberal Government took office have left; but it will be remembered that 13,000 permits for licences had been granted which could not be cancelled. But for these permits the Chinese would by this time have all been repatriated. - * * *

The Conservative van in charge of Mr. Paton, of Oldham, has had rather a stormy passage this week. Last Saturday the Socialists would hardly give the speaker a hearing, and nearly everywhere he has met with opposition and criticism. At Latchford on Thursday evening there were numerous lively passages and the meeting closed with "three cheers for the Budget." The "oppo- sition" is not organi,sed, but spontaneous. Commencing on October 11th a Liberal van will tour the constituency in charge of Mr. Lewis and Councillor J. Kendall. They should find the soil well prepared for their special Budget seed.

The month of October is 'likely to be the most critical time in the history of England since 1832. The House of Commons have now finished the Committee stage of the Budget Bill, and the remaining stages will be disposed of within the next fortnight. The bill will reach the House of Lcrrds about the middle of the month. What will happen then? The Lords may slacken or quicken the-crisis, but before the end of the present month they must come to a decision. It is probable that before October 30th they will have decided whether to pass or reject the Budget Bill. * * *

There remains, therefore, a month for them to make their decision, and it is to be hoped that during that time the wild counsels at present in favour may have become a little tamer. But if we may judge from the present ouitopk, it would adipear almost certain that they are going to reject the Bill. How has that situation come about? Be it noted that the responsible Conservative leaders have never advocated rejection. Lord Lansdowne has been known to be against it throughout the summer. Lord Rothschild is said to be against it on financial grounds. Lord St. Alwyn is also reputed. to be opposed to tejection, together with most of the other responsible heads of the old Tory Party. They realise that to throw out the Budget means to begin a revolution which may not end in the way they desire. * * *

No, it is not the old Conservatives who are precipitating this crisis. It is the Tariff Reformers on the one hand and the brewers on the other. Lord Rosebery hesitated to take so momentous a step, but Mr. Joseph Chamberlain did not hesitate at all. Writing to the Bingley Hall meeting for the Tariff Reformers, he urged the House of Lords to throw out the bill. But the strongest force of all is the brewers. They are not being asked to pay more than a fair share of the increased value of the monopoly which they possess; but encouraged by their triumph of last, year, what is called 'the - Trade" have from the very beginning shown the greatest confidence in their power to upset the Budget. Led by the London brewers, they have refused to accept Mr. Lloyd-George's most moderate overtures. At a critical moment in the history Qf the Budget they refused to supply the Treasury with the material for revising the scale of on-licence duties. They thus lost all chance of com- promise ; for it was impossible for the Treasury to make any revision without material which could only bo provided for them by the " Trade" itself. They thus staked everything on a fight. * *

If rumour speaks Correctly, the brewers have during the past fortnight carried this attitude a step further. They have told the Conservatives quite plainly that unless the Lords throw out the Budget they will with- draw their contributions to the Conservative funds. That is a threat which reminds us rather ominously of some of the worst inci- dents in American politics, and it is sincerely to be hoped that if the threat has been made the Conservative Party is still true enough, to British traditions of political purity to treat it with scorn. If the " Trade " have been speculating in a "revolution," they must take the result on their own shoulders. * * *

Meanwhile, as the campaign against the Budget goes on in tile country it becomes, in the words which Alice used in "Wonder- land," " curiouser and curiouser." For instance, there is a decided rift in the lute on the subject of the land clauses. The party of the Dukes wants to throw out the Budget because of its land clauses ; but in the meantime the Tariff Reformers want to adopt the land clauses for their own purposes. The only difference between these politicians and the Government is that the Tariff Reformers want to keep the revenue for the rates alone, and the Government want to divide it between the rates and the taxes. Really the talk about the Budget being a " revolution " becomes rather thin! • * *

Even the best of our public speakers have trouble with their hands while they are talking. Their difficulty expresses itself in curious mannerisms. Mr. Lloyd-George has a habit of extending his arms and twitching his cuffs into notice; Mr. Balfour holds loosely to the lapels of his coat, and never lets go; Lord Hugh Cecil and Mr. Birrell resemble one another in this, if in little else, that they are always nervously engaged in rubbing their hands or bending back their fingers. And so on. Mr. F. E. Smith appar- ently gets over the difficulty, when he ii conscious of it, by thrusting his hands into his pockets. When he rose to address the

meeting at Belmont Hall on Saturday aft-er- noon (says the "Liverpool Post and Mercury") he assumed this attitude, and a member of his audience promptly got up and solemnly suggested that the speaker should -take his hands out of his pockets. As the meeting was composed largely of members of his own executive, it is to be hoped that Mr. Smith will not be so unkind as to suggest that the interruption was organised, fomented, or even countenanced by the Liberal Press. * * *

• Mr. liArlter Long, was fairly cornered in the course of his speech on Wednesday night at Cardiff: Mr. Long went on to say that it was incredible, and he did not think intelligent •men really believed at this time of day that -anyone would wish to tax the people's food. No, one held that view. (A Voice: "Joey does.") " Evidently," retorted Mr. Long, "that gentleman has not taken the trouble to read the right hon. gentleman's speeches." But, surely, this is precisely what "that gentleman" had done. For (to give only only one quotation out of dozens that might be given) Mr. Chamberlain said, in the House of Commons, on May 28th, 1903:

If you are to give-a preference to the Colonies . . . you must put a tax on food. This is explicit enough in all coescience, and we do not understand how Mr. Long could so heatedly deny an absolute fact, even if unpalatable.

NEWS.

Town Council. The monthly meeting of the Town Council will be held on Tuesday evening at 6 o'clock in the Town Hall Warrington's Water Supply. _

The Water Committee haci 6efore them on Thursday a report by Mr. Garside, the 'ell-known engineer, on the scheme for the augmentation of the water supply to the Borough, but consideration thereof was delsrred Women's Liberal Association.

The annual tea and concert in connection with the Warrington Women's Liberal Association will be held in Bold-street Wesleyan schoolroom on Monday, October 18th. Miss Truda Crosfield will deliver an illustrated lecture on her travels in India.

"HERALD" KITCFIEN RANGES OHM 50 per cent of fuel.—Agent J. S. GARLAND, Ironmonger, 51 to 55 Bridge St., Warrington.—Advt. Citizens' Temperance League.

Under the auspices of th—e Warrington Citizens' Temperance League a conference will be held in Bold-street Wesleyan schoolroom on Thursday even- ing next, when the speakers willi be :—Mr. Robert Cameron. M.P., Rev. C. Harvey Cook, and Mr. John Upson. Mrs. Dodds, president of the Warrington Band of Ildpe Union, will preside. Roller Skating. reat interest was taken in the eight-lap race which was decided at the Palatine Rink, Wilderspool- causeway, on Saturday night before a large attend- ance. The following are the winners of the various heats :—First. S. Davies; second, Baxter; third, Gibbs; fourth, Fawcett ; fifth, Waring. Final : Gibbs and Baxter (dead heat), 3, Fawcett. Women's Circle. Last Sunday Miss Paul presided at the Circle. Mrs. Peart was the soloist.. An address containing many helpful lessons from the story of Joseph was given by Mrs. Parkinson. On Wednesday the first open even- ing for young people was held and several short papers were given on ' The kind of society I think would be most attractive and profitable.' There was an animated discussion and Mrs. Peart sang "The Nazarene," and Mr. 11. Elliot" Sun of my soul." Bankruptcy Court..

Edward Hopley, late of 41, Buttenuarket-street, dealer in musical Instruments appeared for his public examination at the Warrington Bankruptcy Court yesterday. The' liabilities amounted to £BO and there were no assets. He took the business over from Mr. Smith, of Widnes, in April 1908 and he was examined principally as to whether the business was really his or whether he was not managing it for Mr. Smith. He asserted that the business was his and the examinition was closed.

Sale of Work at Bold-street. A sile of work in connection with the" Busy Bee' of Bold-street Wesleyan Church was held on Thurs- day in the schoolroom. For. several years now the "Busy Bee" has supported a young lady in Madras, and the sale was in aid of this object. The sale was opened ly the Ma3oress (Mrs. AV. J. Forshaw), and Mrs. Gunnell read an address by Miss Cooling (who was absent) on "Missionary work in India." The sale realised about £l3. Death of Alderman Bolton's Son.

Great sympathy will be felt with Alderman and Mrs. William Bolton in the loss they have sustained through the death of their youngest son Samuel, who passed away on Tuesdey morning after an illness of about a month from meningitis Deceased, who was 20 years of age was employed by Mr. J. Longland, solicitor, of Egypt-street, and contemplated taking up the law as a profession. The• funeral took place yesterday at St. Thomas', Stockton Heath. The Revs. W. Bmeecamp and Jas. Collins officiated, and there were also present Alderman Smethurst, Councillor Joseph, Dr. Harold Joseph and Mr. J. Longland. PEVERIL " FIRE GRATES still unsurpssed, Inspection invited.—.l. S. GARLAND, Kitchen Range and Stove Warehouse, 51 to 55, Bridge St., Warring. ton.—Advt.

Sale of Sir G. Greenell's Surplus Stock. There was an important sale of pedigree hackneys and hackney -ponies, the property of Sir Gilbert Greenall, at Walton Hall, Warrington, on .Thursday, and buyers were present from all parts of the British Isles. Thirty-four animals Were sold for a total sum of 1,790 guineas. The highest price was 200 guineas for Terrington Milkmaid, a ten-year-old dark brood mare by Gentleman John—Dairymaid, and the winner of three first prizes. She was bought by Mr. R. P. Evans, of Reigate. Mr. \V. Bainbridge was the auctioneer.

LOCAL

===== 0002601_19091002_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
Reilway Clerk as Foreign Missionary.

On Tuesday afternoon an interestin% presentation was made at the London and North-Western Railway Company's Offices, Goods Department, Bank Quay Station, to Mr. F. Foster (of Weaverham), who is leaving the service of the railway eompany to go out to Canada as a Missionary attached to the Wes!eyan Church. Mr. Foster is 24 years old, and has had ten years service with the railway company. The clerical staff assembled in the office of the goods agent. Mr. Townley made the presentation, and Mr. Foster suit- ably replied. The present consisted of a case of three razors and shwing outfit, writing case and a pocket book. Mr. Foster sails from Liverpool on the 13th inst., bound for Calgarry. TABLE AND HANGING LAMPS, new designs now showing.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge st., Warrington.—Advt.

Counties' StoOland Bazaar. A great Counties' Storyland Bazaar in aid of the Lancashire and Cheshire Band of Hope Union has been held in the Free Trade Hall, Manchester, this week and will continue until this (Saturday) evening. The.effort is part of the forward movement of the Band of Hope Union to ;also £20,000 in' 1909 for the temperance training of the child. It is hoped to realize £6,000 by tne bazaar which is on a very large scale, the stalls representing all parts of Lancashire and Cheshire. One stall is provided by St. Helens and Warrington, the Warrington workers who have interested themselves in the effort being :—Tresident, Mrs. A. 11. Crosfield ; acting president, Mrs. J. Dodds; treasurer, Mr. I. Pierce Williams; secretaries, Mr. F. Gandy and Miss Emily lackson ; committee. Mesdames Fearnley, . Shaw Tanner, Whitfield, Misses Olive Bacon, F. Beswick, B. Dale, A. M. Dodds, M. Fletcher, Irwin, A. Oakley, Proffit, M. Quarry, Whalley; Messrs. Cartwright, Dale, Firth, Lew, Powney and Whitfield. The bazaar was opened on Tuesday by the Countess of Warwick; on Wednesday by the Lord and Lady Mayoress of Liverpool, on Thursday by the Hon. Lady Barlow, and on Friday by the Hon. Mrs. Eliot Yorke. To- day it will be -opened by Sir W. P. Hartley. Up to Thursday evening the proceeds amounted to £3,500.

The New Skating Rink. - - The handsome new Empire skating ring which has been erected near Holy Trinity schools will be opened on Tuesday, October 12th.

Academy Golf cup. The semi-finals for the Academy Golf Cup have been played at Appleton. J. Moore Murray beat J. W. Bibby, and C. G. Stone beat W. Richardson. The final will be between Murray and Stone, and should be productive of a capital struggle.

Local Will. The will of the late Mr. Frank Alfred Roberts, of Windermere, formerly of Warrington, who was a prominent Liberal. and Congregationalist, has been proved at £72,329. It will be remembered that several years ago Mr. Roberts presented the Warrington Liberal Club with the premises in Bewsey-street, of which he was the owner.

Juvenile Choir's Success. At the Mostyn Musical Festival, the Rhvl Juvenile Choir under the conductorship of .Mr. B. 'Wadsworth, formerly of Warrington, was successful in obtaining the first prize, being Eve marks ahead of the Gronant Choir, which was placed second. Newtuarket obtained third place. The adjudicator was Mr. J. Williams, Carnarvon, who conducted the winning choir at the recent National Eisteddfod. Warrington Man Drowned.

A verdict of " Found drowned" was returned a an inquest held at Lower Walton, Warrington, yester- day afternoon, respecting the death of Ernest R. Warwick (28), of 51, Folly-lane, Warrington, whose body was found in the Old Quay Canal on Thursday. The deceased had been employed by the L. and N.-W. Co., as a fireman, but had been in ill-health for some time. He left his home a week ago to get a medical certificate, but had been missing ever since. A Nation in Arms." "A Nation in Arms," has set out on its missionary travels, and ha S arrived at the Queen's Theatre, Manchester. Though twb opinions may still exist as to the wisdom of Mr. Townroe's political objects and the soundness of his strategical theories, there can be no doubt that the play, regarded as an entertainment, if Mr. Townroe will forgive so frivolous a point of view, is all the better for half-a-dozen performances in the public eye and for pruning and polishing to which the author has subjected his last act.— Manchester Guardian."

Sudden Death of a Spiritualist. Mr. John Moorey, one of the most respected mem- bers of the Warrington Spiritualist Society, Awl away suddenly .on Sunday night. While perf his usual duties at the last service, or after-circle at the Spiritualist Hall, he was suddenly seized with what proved to be a paralytic stroke. Dr. Smith was sent for and the police ambulance van, and by direc- tion of the chotor he was conveyed to his home, 20, Dalton-bank, off Manchester-roftd. He never recovered consciousness and death took place about midnight. Mr. Moorey was on honoured vice-president of the Spiritualist Society, but the duty he liked to carry out was that of attendant at the door and collector of the offertory. He delighted in" missionary " work, and was very earnest in his advocacy of Spiritualism. He was about 70 years of age, and has left a family of four sons and three daughters. His wife had pre-deceased him. By trade he was a tailor, and worked for the late Mr. Mawson, and subse- quently for the Grand Clothing Hall Company, but a few months ago gave up business owing to poor health and failing eyesight.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
WHAT IS A MILITARY TATTOO?

"Our Local Territorial Battalion and Transport Company are,advertising " A Grand Zfilitary Torch- light Tattoo "in Victoria Park on the 14th inst. We find that in consequence many of the public ara asking the above question Ivhich we will endeavour briefly to answer. In every military camp or barracks throughout the British Empire a Soldier learns the time and to a gteat extent his orders from the bugle calls which may be somewhat aptly described as the soldier's timepiece. The bugle sounds repeatedly throughout a soldier's day from "reveille " to "lights out." At sunset the bugle call is named. " retreat" which we presume applies to His Majesty the sun, and not to a British soldier who hates retreating like poison. At 9.30 p.m. a call named "First Post" is sounded, and at 10 p.m. "Last Post" or " Tattoo '.' ; this is the call which is sounded over a soldier's grave, and is the last tribute of his comrades after laying him in his last lonely bed. After "Last Post " tht; bugle sounds once more, namely at 10.15 p.m., which call is known as "Lights out, when all lights in Barrack rooms or tents must be extinguished. After this no call except the " Alarm " (when necessary) sounds until reveille the following morning. In large camps or garrisons what is called " Tattoo " is beaten on the, drums, and a march played by the passed bugles, drums and fifes in Scotch regiments by the pipers from 9.30 (" First Post ") until 10 p.m. (" Last Post.") During this half-hour the rolls are called in the tents or barrack-rooms by the Orderly-Sergeants on duty who take a list of all absentees (without leave) to the parade ground and hand them to the Sergeant- Major who, in turn hands them to the Orderly Officer there present to be deal with the following morning. It often happens that in large camps and on some great occasion • in a large Garrison on one night this so-called " Tattoo " is made into a great " Function " in which the whole of the brass bands, 'bugles, drums, pipes and fifes from every unit assemble for the "Tattoo" and in addition a large number of, torch-bearers from the troops, .some of ,whom sec •mpany the bands, others performing a number of evolutions by themselves to music played by the massed bands and buglers etc. When our local Territorial Battalion (then the Ist V.B. South Lpnca- shire Regiment) was encamped as a unit of the 30th Field Army Brigade on Salisbury Plain, during two of these camps one of these "Tattoos" took' place in Tidworth Park, then the headquarters of Sir lan Hamilton commanding the district. Lady-Hamilton was kind enough to invite a proportion of the War- rington officers (among others) to view the " Tattoo " from the terrace of Tidworth House as the guests of herself and the - General, while all the other troops had an opportunity of witnessing !it from the Park. The second of these Tattoos are arranged by General Bethune and was followed by an illuminated attack on an armoured train. It is to endeavour to give the public of Warrington an oppor- tunity of witnessing a spectacle on somewhat similar lines that has induced the local Territorials to organise the " Tattoo " on the 14th inst. The Band of the 8 40th Regimental Depot from Orford Barracks, the four bands of the South Lancashire (Territorial) Infantry Brigade, the band of the Army Service Corps (West Lancashire Division), the bugle bands of the 4th and sth Battalions, South Lancaseire Regiment, and the Pipers of the Liverpool Scottish, in all 300 performer's will take part. In addition there will be some 400 or 500 torch bearers from the 4th South Lancashire. The local members of. the Church Lads' Brigade and Boy Scouts to the number of 200 will also assist. The first part will be the "Tattoo " and the second a Bivouac and a night attack upon it ; this will be as far as possible spectacular and must not ire judged too critically as a military sight, which would naturally be mostly an affair of cold steel with probably no firing and as little light as possible. The evening will conclude with a grand illuminated rendering of the National An them. Charges of is. and Gd. will be made for admission to the Park, and any balance after expenses will be divided between local charities and various regimental organisations.

,:f4.."•7•:---,-.•---,-.5‘••••:4;:_-- - •:-; ---.--'411•.-"," ---,.. " <"---=----- ' 4:- • •:f... ', ----.. '....„ .. ... 4.--. L.-- -4 -- „-• • ,„-- --,---.----,, • ' Ymit:',l--- '- • -..--- - -..- t S- = . . k co 71 _ . lIS DT _ . ...... . .:-. ----.-• tr: 1:14,,iiy :=:;;:-*-5:.--- :-..-s'irl -"`..A7.. •. - - ~,, ~... --„.-.: .. ....., '._ - . - _ -

Out - _l3 • .-- tt 44- t' t g ""4 rp2s

===== 0002601_19091002_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. ANN'S HARVEST FESTIVAL.

The harvest festival services in connec ion with St. Ann's Church were commenced on Thursday evening, the Rev. J. R. Jones, Vicar of Great Sankey, being the preacher. He took for his text "He was known to them at the breaking of bread."—Having explained the incident in connection with the text, he theaapplied it to every day practice, emphasising how to make oneself known by good deeds in ordinary life. During the service the choir, under the leadership of Mr. Miler, rendered the anthem "0 how manifold are Thy gifts 0 Lord' with taste and precision. They also led the service in a most reverent manner. The decorators were :—Chancel, Mrs. T. H. Corbert ; Mrs. Winter, Miss Davies; chancel screen, Mrs. Savage, Mrs. Harrison, Mrs. Jolley, Miss L. Evans ; pulpit, Miss M. Rigbey ; lectern, Mrs. Lline (Columba, Ceylon) and Mrs. Thomas; font, Mrs. Gorton and Miss Glover ; rest of the Church, Mrs. Daniels, Mrs. Gee and Misses Green, Catterall, Welch, Speakman,. Harrison, Cooper, and others. The ladies were ably assisted by the follow- ing gentlemen :—Messrs. Thomas, Daniels, Bradshaw, and Milner. The collections were in aid of the Curate and Lay Readers 'Fund. After the completion of the services, the truit will be distributed to the sick and poor.

FRlDAY.—Before Alderman Smethurst (chairman) Alderman J. Evans, and Messrs. A. J. Jolley, 11. Thornton, W. Furness, and G. Pilling and J. Flep:erd. ALLEGED Tilerr or BR ASS GooDs.—Edward Duffy Kendrick described as a tramping pedlar, was charged with stealing 24 brass knobs and 11 brass locks 3 gauges and 3 chisels the property of some r3rson woknos.,.—The Chief Constable said that prisoner went into the shop of Robert Lewis, an antigne dealer, in Butteratarket-street and offered the knobs and! :ks for sue. He asked 3s. for them. Mr. Lewis became suspicious and informed Detective Clough who went to the shop and saw him offering them for ale. Ile was tAen to the Police Station and on being gut tioned he made a statement to the effect that he had been in business in Belfast and those goods were his surples stock which he wanted to get rid of. On the tools the name of " Jerli:es" was stamped and on ',being asked to account or it he said his name was Jenkins. Subsequently on his statement being taken from him he gave the name of Kendrick, and on being questioned he said he had bought the things from a We named Jenkins. As the case had only been in the hands of the police a few hours he asked that the case coeld stand over for seven -days. The goods had been valued by a local shop- keeper at the knobs 125., the locks 9s. The prisoner was also trading without a pedlar's certificate.—Prisoner: You can get any of the stuff at 6s. a dozen. They are German locks.—The Chief Constable: As a matter of fact they are American.—Prisoner,who had no objection to a remand, was remanded for seven days. REQuEsT pow SFE.A nATI(IN REresEn.---Thomas Shaw, a moulder, of 42, Cumberland-street was stuumened by his wife, Mary Ann Shaw, for desertion, whereby she asked for a separation.—Complainant stated that last Sunday night defendant ill-treated her and gave her a black eye. She told him that there would have to be a great change. He asked her if she meant it and then went out the house and came back with a key saying that he had got a house. He then went out leaving her with thre3 children and she had not seen him since. He was a moulder and had given her a patind a week She asked for a separation,—Defendant (to complainant): How many times have you got my little bits of furniture down and told me to shift ? Complainant: Never.—Defendant: Last Smithy she threm a tea-aot at me.—Complainant denied this.— Complainant s sons corroborated her statements.— Defendant denied deserting his wife, but made an allegation that complainant was always drinking. She this.—The Bench -refused to grant a separation. His NTH APPEARANCE.—John Heaton, of Beak- strk at, made his 66th appearance before the mag:strates and was sentenced to 14 d tys imprisanment for being drank.

Harvest thanksgivinn, services were held in the above place of worehip on Sunday. Mr. R. Lapsley of Man- chester was the preacher morning and evening. In the afternoon a service of song entitled "Sweet Violets" was well rendered by the choir, the connective readings being effectively given by Mrs. Henry Roberts. Mr. T. Tanner presided at the organ, and Mr. F. Atkinson con- ducted the choir. Excellent congregations msembled at each of the services. The chapel bad been tlstefully decorated for the occision.—On Monday evening a social was held in the schoolroom, being presided over by Mr. N. Hough. r:anoforte solos ani a duet were given by Miss C„kley and Mr. J.H.lddon,and songs were rendered by Mr. J. Hannan, Mr. G. G.,itgb. and Mr. H. Fcden. Airs Ihslow caused a good deal of anarsement with her Lancashire recitations. During the evening refreshments were provided The proce2ds of the services amounted to £9 15s. 103. ST. MARY'S. GREAT SANKEY.

The church at Great Sankey was elaborately dec 3r- ated for the harvest thanksgiying services \which were held on St lday. As usual tbe vitlarets had been goner- ot fn their gifts of flowers end harvest products and these were very beautifully arranged. There V 799 a 1- -ge morning congregation and the service was con- ducted by the Rev. Cenon J. Wright Williams, vicar of Fr nworth, who hned his d'scourse on the text : "And be ye kind to one another, tender-beerted, forgiving one enother, even 99 God for Christ's sake have for- given yore" In the aftehmon a flower service was held en the cherch the Rev. J. R. Jones addrc3sing over 400 scholars on the text,: "Give us this day our daily bread. be scholars brought with them flowers, baskets of flowers end frnit In the evening the Rev. F. E. Gus ick, chaplain at Winwick Asylum preached to a crowded congregation on the text: "Behold, the husbt"tdmt'i waiteth for the precious fruit of the earth end 'nth long patienc 3 for it. James V. 7. At each set ',ICS !special hymns and anthems were rendered by the choir, Miss Standish presiding at the organ. ' BOLD-STREET WESLEYAN CIIIIRCEJ

The harvest festival in connection with Bold-street Wesleyan enurch was held last Sanely, good congrega- tions assembling at both services. The Rev. F. W. Kernick, M preached the morning from Matt. v. 45. He said that there was perhaps a far too great idea of God as a universal provider—one to whom we looked for the benefits of life and were duly thankful when we received them. We should live a vete, poor life indeed if we simply came to God for what we could receive. If we did that we should simply be menials and hirelings. The only really certain hervests in human experience were spiritual hervests. We had learned something of the uncertainty of ordinary Juvenile Court. harvests. Continuing he said that the times were evie We did not know where the problems that confronted cetsnay.—Before Messre. A. J. Jolley (chrhanan) i's would find their solution. We did know that we rid W. Roberts. , wore coming in conflict with interests and classes " Gertexo READY Fon BONI fßE."—George Sheldon and we knew that the spiritual message of (14). 10 Stoney-yard, and Thomas O'Day (133, 7, Stoney- God in human life was being called forth yard, were charged with stealing a quantity of timber to-day as it never had been before. in the from the Warringten Cricket Ground on the 17th struggle with those int 3rests they would have to take Sentember.—They pleaded guilty.—Mr. C. Unsworth, their part. Were they going to elevate every man who soocitor, pros; ut2l on belself of the Warrington was their brother, for they had the right as well as they Cricket and Bowling Club. They hod been bothered te become the sore of God? If they were true to their for a long while by boys climbing nver the fences and light true to their gospel, as it came to them, they taldng things from the cricket ground. On Friday, the would I. ;d the way in that greet movement where they 17th September, they bed the good fortune to catch would come from the East and the West, from the rich Geerge Sheldon in the act of taking some timber from ; palaces and from the slums to sit down in the kingdom under the pavilion, which was riled fot repai-ing par- of our Father who was in Heaven. poses. The ground boy SAW him ram from the pavilion ; Dur'ng the service the choir rendered Smart's and actrelly caught him before h 3 got off the premiees. u, Te De„.” He wre taken to the Police Station and there gave the The Rev. T. Maier 'needled in the evening and took name and address of O'Day who was standing on the I for his subject "The resporsibility of wealth to the other side of the fence waiting for the timber to be poor." He slid that eider the .le..vreh legislation the thrown over. Cautinuing he said he did not want to be support of the poor was not charity or generosity, but in any way vindictive but, it meet be fairly understood duty. 'Lee responsibilities of wealth were unchanged that the club was not going to wink at that kind of to-day, though wealth itself lead changed. There had thing and tbet was the reason why the case was brought been little change in the administration of the relief of before that court —Sheldon raid they were getting the poor since the year 1597. 'ready for" bonfire" night.—The Chief Consteble said that complaint with regard to damage on the cricket LEGH-STPEET PRIM ti IVE METHODIST ground bad been receivel and Mr. R. T. Fairelongh had CiaURCH. been complaining of wood stolen. Both boys were The harvest thanksgiving serv:ces in cornection with ordered to receive six strokes with the birch rel. Legh-street Primitive Methodist Church were held on FOOTBAT 1N THE STE v ET. —James Moulding (15). Sulday last when large congregations gathered at 102, Sharp-street, John Carter (15). 91, Sharp-street, ana ; each of the services'. The preacher for the day was the Thomas Mee,kin (14). 96, Stamp-street, were c'rerged ' Rev. W. Tunley, of Earlestoe be church had been with playing footl-all in Sharp-street on September tastefully decorated for the occasion with if awers, 19th.—Detective Metcelf stated tbat he raw the fruit, gr tke, by the Niles of the congregation and defendants with other boys playing at football in the choir. An interesting feature was an ear of Indian corn street. They were acting ie a very disorderly and sent by Mr. J. H. Cohin, a late me über of the rowdy manner. He got their names and addresses and choir now residing in Kansas, U.S.A. In the melding told then] they would be reported.—Fieed Is. each. the prescher took for his text iv., 38. At the even- DISORDERLY BMIA YEW:R.—Tom P. Greenwood (14), ing service, spsakieg on Galetians vi. lest clause verse 9 131, Sankey-sttt 3t ; Riclrerd Holding (13), 36, "Whatsoever a_man soweth that shall he also reap," Eon-street; Wilfrid Crow (15), 10, Parker-street; James he ter( lched a sermon vele helpful and inspiring, Addes (15), 12, Nicholson-street; and Joseph Podmere setting forth meey illustrations Biblical rid hisoricell (16), G, Golborne-street were ch argel with acting in showing ola'nly the trash contained in the declaration. u disorderly meener in Dixon-street, on the 21st He apt se.ed to the congregation seriously to consider September.—Detective Clough gave evidence to the! how they were usidg 'heir time of sowing. i.e., their effect that defendants were shouting, bawling, and eerthly diva, for the harvest was surely coming. Secret rooting about' a a d'eorderly trenner. After some timel sins woula no longer be hid hut bring forth their fruit Greenwood started to throw some leege tiles at an ash- I Lives of usefulness here wonld receive their due reward. pit door at the rear of Dixon-street. Holding also took In the aftentoon a re ;red eentata entitled " Hat vest part a the proeeedines but the other three stood in the Home in the Temple Days" wi rendered by the choir street. —The Chief toonstable said they had received in a very creditable manner. 1 oey were assisted by complaints from the Education Authorities and from Miss Sara Silcock whose plc •sing sown° voice gave the t echers at the evening' schools about rowdy I much pleasure to her hearers in the solo representing behaviour outside the Hieols when the classes were the farmer's daughter. Mr. George Gough also kindly being held. They had to send special officers to each , gave his help and le's solo " Return resto Me " Wee school to keep observations and that was the first j particularly well rendered, Mr. J. Phillips acquitted result they had had —Greenwood and Holding were himself well in the solos "Then shall ye know" and fined 2s. se each and the other three is. each. ." He shall be as the dew." Mr. James Dodds presided

The harvest festival services at the Goltorne-street I Baptist Church were continued on Sunday, the Rev. H. Dannico being the preacher both moraing and evening. ' Mr. Dunnico in the morning pri ached upon the parable of the talents. During the service the choir rendered the anthem "The eyes of all wait upon Thee," Mr. A. Mansell and Mr. C. Nurse taking the principal parts. In the aLernoon there was a musical service by the Excelsior Glee Party. Mr. Ben Few presided and Mr. John Upson gave an address on " Responsibilits," and esid that there was a tendency now adsys to shirk responsibility for easy living. _Ea the evening the Rev. H. Manic° took his text from Judges xvi. 20. He said that the story of Samson was a legend with half a truth in it. He believed that Samson lived and was a very strong man but he did not believe that his strength was through his hair 1 eing unshorn. Samson was a Nazarite and a Nazarite was one who bad taken es solemn vow that he would hold from fleshly lusts'. He had also vowed that he would separate himself from strong drink. A Nazarite was oee,thtn, who refused to corrupt the springs of his man- hood. lie was a man who woeld never allow luxury or indulgence to poison or weaken himself. He was a man who lived a clean and wholesome open life; a man who tried to live the life tht God intended he should live. Were they surprised that be had immense bodily forces? All the same Samson was not an ideal man in his character. He eas simply a msn who had developed one kind of nature at the expense of another. And yet men worshipped men who were nothing hut muscle. He was sick to death of that hero worship of the foot- bal„1 and other professional classes. Si e were woishippineb animal strength and bru:e force, but he thought that we were improving in those things and to-day it was not the wrong in body that impressed himself EO much upon the nat'on, but the man of brain, mind and character. How far were we to-day guilty of Samson's conduct and other kindred things that lei to such terrible havoc in the man's life? The cause of Samson's downfall was bccause he began to live a sensual life which sapped his manhood, and a life which n.ight have ended in glory ended in comparative shame. We were following exactly into that sin—extravagances indulgence, luxury and a reckless control of the appe- tites. Was there not a tendency to waste money and o her things upon worthless things and neglecting the higher and the holier things upon which alone manhooi could ee built ? The reason Ceristians did not impress the world as they ought was because they bad stopped short of sacrifice, and they had ne, er given the sheddirg of blood. Continuing he said he did not know what their opinion might be about theatre going. Whether they believed it in or not,the narrowest minded Puritan was bound to admit that there was all the differencein the •sorld between a good theatre—where the dramas of the greatest minds were presented and their greatest thoughts set before the people—and a cheap shoddy music hall. And yet to-day the music hall was gradually elimin ding the theatre. Some of the men who per- formed at the halls commanded £2O, £3O, £5O, £lOO and even .£2OO a night and they had not got as many brains as we could put into a teaspoon. They were just as far removed from artistes like Forbes Robertson, Martin Harvey and Gertrude Elliott as a man scribbling upon the pavement for coppers and a great artist. Referring to the temperance cause he said that he thought the day had gone by when only the teetotaler could take part it' temperance work. No man would assert that if we abolished drunkenness we would remove poverty from purely an economic point of view, but if we had a sober democracy, in five years we would have England more like the Kingdom of God. Mr. John Burns had said "that we could not expect him to bring in a new heaven and a new earth with'. .E 200,000 a year. What about the .£3,f30,( 00 a week we were spending on drink and gambling and other things?" Those things were just akin to Samson's case. He thought that the great peril of this nation and of other great commercial nations was greed. A hundred years ago the income of this country was £10,000,000 per etnnum ; to-day it was .£1,800,000,000. The population during that period had only increased holt as fast. If the men of a hundred years ago had foreseen that mar- vellous prosperity they would have predicted a paradise where no-one would have perished with hunger. And yet it was not so. Notwithstanding our enormous gain ire. wealth our life was hardened; competition was keener; the burden of life was greater; the rich were becoming richer; the poor becoming poorer, and poverty was taking a sordid form which it never bad in those days. The cause of ril that was greed. What did men care so long as they could corner cotton and make a combine of wheat and hoard up their thousands ? We found peers of the realm—men of genius, although their genius was somewhat erratic—denouncing measures which were trying to elevate, and threatening to crush and kill those measures. And yet those men would spend £2,000 a year on their wine bills. When he thought of those men dictating to the country and to other people as to what should be done and what was not to be done, he found it difficult to flni words in keeping with the dignity of a Christian pulpit to express what he thought. Later he referred to the recent "war scare." He said that some people could not sleep very comfortably in the night for fear that the enemy would come. Nine out of ten of the people who engineered that scare did not believe it. He believed that the engineers of the late war scare were exactly the people who engineered the late Boer war. We must remember that we and the Germanoilrere friends. We had various connections with them—family and commercially—and there was a great bond of sympathy between those who called themselves by the name of Jesus Christ. We had had international visits and only a few weeks ago Baptist ministers went over to Germany and received a hearty welcome. The only thing we had got from the scare was that we had been humiliated in the sight of. the entire civilised world. The very fact that we could be worked up into a war scare showed that we were losing that spirit of strength which was a characteristic of this country. Dread- noughts would never save a nation. Could they point to one single nation in history that had fallen because it lacked the military spirit? Nearly every nation had fallen because it bad over developed and magnified the importance of the military spirit. To hear some people talk, we could only learn to be a patrsot by learning to shoot. The best defence of an Englishman's home was not to teach men to shoot, but to put the fear of God in their hearts. A lot of that talk was bastard patriotism A man could be a good soldier and a bad patriot. A man in whom the animal nature was developed made a good soldier, and yet he might not have an ounoe of patriotism. Patriotism was not to destroy men's lives, hut to save them. He hated the cant and humbue that to be a patriot we must become professional murderers. He wanted them as Christ;an men and women to stand out against the spirit of militarism, which was threaten- ing to crush our country. Lord Rosebery was not always wise, but he was some time ago when he said that " if this piling up of armaments went on we shoald revert hack—speaking of the whole of Europe-'-into a state of semi-barbarism or a terrible catastrophe." All that crying for Dreadnoughts and for National Service was all wrong. We had lost our faith in God. The invasion we needed to fear was not the invasion of the Germans but of gambling and drunkenness, a corrupt Press and a faithless Cnurch. Against those invasiors Dreadnoughts were helpless and Territorials useless.. If we wanted to save England we must bring her back to God sad no nation that had trusted '1 God had ever perished. Peace must ever be the symbol of the Christian. Jesus Christ knew the human heart and when He said "1 hey that take the sword shall perish with the sword" He spoke words of profound truth To parents he said that if they wanted their sore' lives to be honest they should keep their sons out of the Army. The spirit of militarism was growing in War- rington and elsewhere end the Christian Cnureh must hit it. Concluding he appealed to his hearers to follow Christ.

The election of SPFAKER was the next bosine:. 4 aid Mr. Charles Plinston was unanimously and enthosi asti- rally appointed for the fourth time, representatives of the various sections of the House testifying to I's impartiality ani to the many other quAlities whiA make him an ideal Speaker. Mr. W. MASON (E, Newcastk under-Lyne), who pre- sided for the transaction of the business put the resolu- tion appointing Mr. Plinston with one reservation— list there is another dinner the Speaker should not be "cardirlly drrik "—a neat touch whieh created great merriment. - Mr. Edmund Osborne has rendered invaluable help to the Society in the capacity of secretary, but the duties make such heavy demands upon him that the Cott :oil decided to grant bin much-needei assisteice. The House cordially aproved the appointment of Mr. Osborne and Mr. N. Cook, late Clerk of the Houie, as joint secretarit Ir. .1. F Awbery, who I—ts distinguished himself ri a smart debater on the Liberal side, Is.'s appointed Clerk and Mr. G. W. R. Baines (Solicitor-General for J-eland) was elected assistlnt Clerk.

Councillor Steel being unable to continue to on cupy the position of chairman of committees, Mr. W. M.-son was elected to succeed him. Mr. P. H. Bennett was re-elected treahm•er. I.le Council will be composed of the fonowing :—Messrr W. Fulness, E. England, J. Afellermid, W. Nightingale, W. L. Williams, H. Rigby, E. Plinstnn, R. Done, S. Wright, J. 8.411, P. Delaney and G. Wilson, I% *.th the leadeis of each party and the chief whips.

The choir renderad the anthem" Ye F hall dwell in the land," Mr. H. Nu:4e d Mr. A. Manral sang the special partr

NEW REGULATION 4 IN WEIGHTS AND MEASURES.

While the public at large 1--ts to be thankful for the Standird Department of the Board of Trade yet the alteratkns in the regriations are at times confusing. Regulation 75 vepich I.ss just come into force effects the following trades:—gold and E'llver merehants.dealers in precious metals end stones, jewellers, retail cfiemista or didggiste, silk merchants, ret -Al dealers in t3a or coree and tobeco. The new regolations affect the above trades snsomut.th that the sersitiveness is increased and the margin of error allowed either in excess or deficiency when folly loaded. It behoves all fit.ns con- nected with the above trades to see thst their scales confrum to these new regulationr, and oie insoector of weights and measures will in all cases afford the necessary informatior

Parkinson. MR. E. WYNNE-JONES, LEADBR OF Tun OPPOSITION.

devised for ensuring intelligent voters. Tbe age for ob:ainnz thi vote should not be fixed too low—a person did not necessarily come to years of voting dis- cretion at 21. Why not fix a higher age, say 25, rid make it possible tor the vote to be obtained cleier (down to 21) by the

TENDING VOTER Q17.1T TFYING TIOISFLF

by his ow.] set 'ices rendered to the State either as a railor, or tlrritorial on the one hr-d, and by ft., titer equipping himself by attending adva 3cl cor-ses of nstraction in continuation schools, university extension caurs.s, &c., on the Other. J any measure of electoral reform the question of canvassing, of the use of vehicles in elections, and of the clos'm of public-houses on election day—(Opposition applause) —would require attention. Redistribution of seats would go hand in hand with this measure. With regard to measures of Social Reform, in the first place reform of the Poor Laws was urg.nttly needed, as was abenclmtly demonstiated by the Report of the Royal Commission. Hand in hand with this measure they proposed to place the

v, • >l, 1 ::`-'111:14?';?•tk, - - - • 11coti.).

===== 0002601_19091002_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Borough Court.

SATURDAY.—Before,Messrs. J. W. Hayward (chairman) A. J. Jolley and T.Pemberton. ARREARS OF MAINTENANCE.—John Longshaw Whittaker, Orford-lane, a greengrocer, was locked up for arrears of n3aintainanca amounting to .61 14s. 6d. due to his wife. Compla,nant alleged that prisoner was going with another woman.—Prisoner said com- plainant would not let him get on his feet.—The bench informed prisoner that he would have to pay 7s. 6d. weekly until the deficit was wiped off.—Prisoner : That is very near impossible.—lt was decided to adjourn the case for four weeks to see if prisoner would pay the money.

EGLECT or PAM fix.—Frank Moreland, Foster- s'reet, was charged with neglecting to provide for his family whereby they became chargeable to the Warrington Union.—Mr. Shearer said prisoner's wife had beea chargeable to the Union for some months. Pr isoner was a man about 23 years of age_find was not working but he helped his mother who had two shops. He had not spent a penny on his wife and he had been warned by the Board. There was now only one course opened that was to press the case. He (Mr. Shearer) and the clerk to the Guardians had seen prisoner but he h3d taken no notice and would not attempt to get work at dl.—Prisoner was sentenced to a month's imprison- ment.

A ssA t:LT ON THE POLlCE.—F,ederick Arthur BeWield, '23, Mill-street, was charged with having been drunk and disorderly in 3farket-stfeet the previous night and also with assaniting P.C. Pike while in the execution of his duty.—P.C. Pike sad he was on duty the previous n'ght in the Market when he saw prisoner who was interfer- ing with another man, and was making use of very bad language. Witness cautioned him and told him to go home. Prisoner aimed a blow at witness who warded it off and they both went to the ground aud while there prisoner was striking and kicking witness all the time. —Prisoner was fined 40s. or 11 days.

MONDAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Alderman Smethurst and Messrs. W. RobertF, IL Thornton, W. Furness and G. Pilling.

To THE POLICE STITION ON A EJ ANDCART.—EIIen Watson a young woman of 45, Warburton-street, WdS charged with riotous behaviour on Saturday night.— From thei evidence it appe trod that on being taken into it costo,prisoner threw herself on the ground and refit-4 o get up. A handcart was procured ard three consta es had to convey her to the Police Station. Two had to hold her down while the other was in the shafts.—Prisoner was fined ss. and costs or 14 days.—ln connection with the above case, James Haldane, a glass cutter, of Beswick-street, was charged with being drunk and disorderly.—P.O. Berry said he helped to convey the last prisoner to the Police Station and on the way prisoner was shouting" Let her go-" at the top of his voice. He did this all the way through Sankey-street. Witness cautioned him several times and could see that he was inciting the crowd and so he took him into custody.—The Chief Constable slid he saw the prisoner when no was brought to the Police Station. He was drunk.—Prisoner said he told P.C. Wyse (who was also helping to convey the female prisoner to the Police Station) not to hit a little boy with his stick and that was the reason he was locked.—P.C. Wyse said he never used his stick.—Prisoner was fined Sr. and costs or seven days. _ _.

FOOTBALL IN THL STREET.—George Cook, 24, Port- land-street, John Loundes, 65, Chorley-street and John Rhooney, 80, Sharp street, were summoned for playing football in Sharp-street on September 19th. Detective Metc...alf said he saw the defendants and others playing at foatball. They were behaving in a disorderly manner, shouting at the top of their voices. Witness got the three defendant's names and address and told them they wonld be reported. They were fined 2s. ed. each.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
OR AN'S vETAL POLIS

Wycliffe P.S.A. Society.

There was again a good attendance at this meeting on Sunday, presided over by Mr. D. McEa3bern. The speaker was Mr. Ely James, whose subject was "Whosoever drinketh of this water shall thirst again." Water was indispensable, it gave and Bust .in.d life. The water given by Christ cleansed the hasrt, renewed the life and made us strong and healthy.—Mr.A. Healey led the prayer. Mr. Israel Farrar, of Halifax, sang with power Nazareth " "Far the children's sake," his sweet baritone vo:cs being heard to great advantage. Mr. W. H. Payton, Mus. Bic., presided at the organ. Seven ne.v members raceived a hearty weicome.—A vote of sympathy was proposed by the Secretary with Mr. Littleiair, who has undergone an operation at the Warrington Infir.nary.

Our Lady's Church, Latchford. Charity sermons were preached at the Church of Our Lady, Latchford, on Sunday by the Bishop of Shrews- bury (Right Rev. D.. Singleton). There wes a large congregation at each service. In the course of his dis- c3urse in the eve%ing his lordship said it was pai.imornt for Viem to knew and rnierstand Jesus Lorist's pur- pose in coming upon the earth, His wondrous love and mercy to men, end the sit tees he exercised in His own Divine life, in order that they might imitate them. They should endeavour to learn the lessons of Divine wisdom contained in the precious records of the Gospe' In all the stages of life, from childhood to manhood, Christ gave them rn er-.rnple of perfect living. g aatever virtue then was that was consonrnt tt%ith their age or state of life, they would find it exemplified in the life of our Lord on earth. Let the n, therefore, ef:ording as they had time and opportunity, make a practice of reading daily some portion of the New Test9-nent.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
Bewsey-road Wesley Guild.

The session of the Bowsey-road Wesley Guild was commenced on Monday evening in the Leciure Hell when a cinema 1 °graph entertainment,under the dite3tion of Mr. James Parkinson, and a conceri were submitted. The proceeds were in aid of the National Children's Home and Orphanage. There was a large attendance.Nl r. R. Corbett presidt,d in ore absence of Mr. A. Taylor. Three sets of slides were thrown on the screen. The first one was a tour on the Great West,ro R tilwav from Paddington staticn to the Cornish Riviera,via Plymouth The second showed various es i ;C'cl of the National Children's Hcme and Orphanage. Mr. Parkinson gave very lucid exlanatiors of the fifty-seven pictures, and lantern displays of this kind shou.d do much to popu- larise the excellent work of the institution. The third set consisted of highly entertaining humorous pictures. Mic:s Silcock wog "Flight ot ages" in her usual finished style r-xl Mr. W. Dutton gave the "Jolly old cavalier" wioh good effect. They were associated in the bright duet" li Springtime.;' Miss Parkinson wee the accompanist. A vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Parkinson and the artistes on the pro- r lsition of Mr. E. J. Mitchell. seconded by Mr. Jones.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
HARVEST FESTIVALS.

STOCKTON HEATH WESLEYAN CHURCH.

The harvest festival services were held on Sunday and Monday. Two sermons were preached on Sanday by M-. J. W. Deakin, of Northwich, to crowded con- gregatione. In the afternoon addresses were delivered to school children by Mr. Deakin and Mr. J. Maiie. The chapel was tastefully decorated with corn, frnit and veeetables. At the even'ig service the choir gave a creditable inteipretatiou of the anthem "Shout for joy." Mondsy's meeting took the form of a fruit t9-iquet and social. Although it was such an inclement night there wog a very good attmiance. Tne Rev.E.B. Keeling presided and made the pr.-sent-Won of a gold watcl-, a satchel and a puree to Miss Elsie Miller, the late organist of the chapel. All the officials spoke in apprec-itlon of the services of Miss Miller who was accorded a hearty reception. Games were indulged in and the evenlng was very pleasantly spent. __WORKINGMEN'S MISSION, BANK QUAY.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, October 2, 1909

land spoke words of encouragement to the choir and also urged the workers of the church to put forth their best efforts in connection with the bazaar to be held next March. At the evening service Miss Lena Ashworth, who possesses a contr dto voice of file quality, gave a feeling rendering of the solo "Nearer my Gtd to Mae." The anth m "Oh worship the King " was given by the choir, Mr. J. Phillips taking the solo. Mr. A. W. Clatworthy ',re- sided at the. organ. On Monday evening the uzual frut banquet and s lc:al was held, addresses being given by Rev. J. B. Buglass, Mr. G. Faulkner and Mr. B. T. Parkes. The qu utattoi Whea evening's tmilight," " Stars of Vie sun net night" and "Lingh- ! Tog is conttgiuus" were ren lerei by Messrs. S, And M. 'Elanliltob Wsrt Spruce anl A. Spruce; duets "Hark the goat bells" and "I heard a broosiet" by the Misses Mounfield and Spruce; song "Tee uld greqt Isle "by i.ss N. Elwell ; recitations "Th 3 women of Mu nbles Head" and "Two's comp tny and three's none" by Mr. C)x. Mr. B3rt Spruce highly amused the audience with his , humorous sings "All of a dithey un " and "Gags." Miss Elsie Spruce accompanied. The singing Of the Doxllegy brought a very enjlsable sicial to a I close, alter which frutt and vegetables were sold. '‘.'

tarence , Dublin

MR. W. H, STANSFIELD‘ PREMIEU.

LOCAL PARLIAMENT. 1 ELECTORAL REFOR: 16. . I No one ccu'd deny that there were anomalies at the present time which reinirel attention. The EH mem- bers of the Imperial Parliament by no means repre- OPENING OF THE WINTER SESSION. seated an equAl number of members. Kilkenny, for instance, was able to elect an M.P. with 1,511 ele.;tors. ----- while all the 35,76 S electors of Wandsworth were else Government me 's Prodram Outlined. only represepted by one M.P. A vote in Wa.ndixorzh equalled one-twentieth the velue of a vote in Kilkenny Judging from the large attendance and the enthusi- Clever as they admitted Iri,lrnen to be, they did not, i admit that one Pishman egnalled 2) Englishmen. astic spitit which characterised the opening meeting There were evene more reformsgl . ri, , u il, gs -s still. l'len there of the winter -session -on Tuesday evening the 1 w etvop 7•eneeded e as 1d Vveefington Parliamentary Debating Society bids fair ; voters. For good or ill, the franchise had inthe past to enhanel its already highly sue,...esF4.ul record. The I been extender'. as the expanding nseds and is poeular members ha-Je not allowed their interest in the I opinion demanded. That grawth still continued', and organization to wane during Were the long recess and . , lit they were to be lo4ical, fo-ther extensions of the is every prospect of keen and instructive debates." on ! franchise must be grante.d. His fr;ends opposite were ' doubtless aware how women, for instance, demanded Tuesday evening both the Government and the ' the vole on the same terms as men, and for his own part Opposition Benches were well filled when the Speaker —and in this rat-ocular he did not by any means pledge (Mr. C. Plinstort) took his customaryseat. Y. W. 1-1. the Government—he had lately become - Stansfield is continuing in office as Prime Minister and i A CJNVERT TO VOl i:S FOR WOMEN ,the leader hip of the Opposition is again in the hands'. for be could not see how they could logically be of Mr. E. Wynne Jones. For . some reason or other, refused the vote, unless they stin. believed that the Socialists as a body do not see their way to attend - women were still in a conuition of semi-slavery, Pill continued to .tegard them v.' r :thaps., they the debates and on Tuesday evening only two of their 1 ,members put in an appearance. The Nationalists 1 of man. Faoc,ciehniet ettwmees,paittheage goods iie thought ret chattels were present in fairly strong force and there was atqualification for the vote, besides mere sex or age, or good muster of Independents. Most of - the evening inhabiting a bons) of a ceri%in rent shluld be denanded. was occupied with business matters, but . opportuity Ile reg trde lit as Ili-got-ten tte that some test of fitness was afforded for a short discussion on the Goverreaent for tbe vote had not been devised, lie hoped to see programme for the sessionas outlined by the Premier. ithe time when an education test of some s?rt should be ,

• ,- , P• , , ... . :71;::". : - ' . ' '''' W 4 1 '''',, ;•• ;..,-,,F, , -.. ~-41,tn ...°'•,,,,,,.... kglir!'''''':''' '2:. ,-, : l!''' ' ', ...<:, ~ , • - :2C:I-,,-1:".-:.4:;44-4",.:;•-• -, '' ' '.l- : . '' ' 1: ' -.‘• ' '.' " -.: A 47-%::,,, / , _ .... . . .... ... _ . , r *.,..,.., .... - '. ','-::•..' _„..3 , . Lat _, -,-

===== 0002601_19091002_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
GOLBORNE-STREET BAPTIST CHURCH.

DEPARTED MEMBERS.

The PREATER n ade feeling allusion to the heavy loss sustained by the Society during the recess by the death of thrte of its most prominent members—the Lord President of the Council (Councillor J. J. Neild), the Secretary for War (Councillor W. B.Roberts), and Mr. C. Roddy (Nationalist Member for Est Mayo). The Premier concluded by moving that the House record on the minutes their deep sense of the loss sustained. and that an expression of deep sympathy be forwarded to the widows and families of the respected late memberp.

Mr. E. Vi'vx.NE-JoNEs (Leader of the oppoaition) seconded.

Mr. W. NIGHTINGALE (s., Normantm) aniMr. ff. RIGBY (N., Scotland Division of Liverpool) supp irtr in fitting terms, :Ind the motion was passed.

ELECTION OF OFFICERS.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
AN UNPOPULAR RECOMMENDATION.

Considerab!e discussion ensued on a TE 3ommendation of the Council that the Horse be divided into three sectiors—the Gove.nment, the Opposition, and ae Independents. This would mean that the Nationalists tnd Socirlists would go to the cross-bencher The SPF 4.1{ ER pointed cut that a certain party N%,ts weakly represented but under the new atrangement it would not be so evident. People IS ho for persoral motives aid not wish to take any particular position in pari,g politics would also find places on the Independent bencher Mr. W. NIGUTINGALE (S., Normanton) rid he was ashamed that a paety which was so necessary to the life of the nation should desert a man who had had

the courage to stand to his ;sons. Tie lc 21;eve i there was a possibility of doing good by belonging to that Society. fter considerable e'scussion, in which the 11 :tom- mendation of the Council came in for much opposition, the question was referred to the new Council to repot. upon at their earliest convenience.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
TPE SPEAKER.

The SPEAXE'a then took the Chair. He raid he felt it on honour to preside over the society which, he believed, bad a great future before it, if the members would do as they had done in tho prat —rosi •ct c h other's opinions, listen patiently while they were be .sr expret-ee. and vote according to their corscience There apr med to be a prospect of a general election at .en early date, and from all apr !art-nes there was likely to be as embittered fcaling as theta I I b- minr sy election in the last thirty years. But even " bitter feeling arose 'a the toc..i. the members of that society were going to meet as friends and conduct themselves as gentlemen, so that at the end of the session the town might once more say "You have done us credit." (Applause.) PREMIER'S STAIEMENT. GOVERNMENT PROGRAMDIS ourrusi D. _

- - _ In pla:a of the rst-n1 Kiot. s Speech, the PREMILt submitted an outline of the Government's programme He mil that in view of the coming dissolution of Parl'ament, end the certainty of a general election taking place about Christmas timc —(laugler)—fhe Government proposed at en early date to bring forward a Bill which would secure much-needc I

D AGE PENSIONS ACT on a more satisfactory basis, sa as to avoid the incon- sistencies and inequalities of that measure—possibly enlarging the scope of its operations, Then, as• a. corollary to the afore-mentioned measures, they pro- posed to introdura a Bill proi:cling for national irsurance agair St unemployment, whether caused on account of sickness or slackness of trade. He was aware that great difficulties beset them here to avoid the Scylla of interfering w:th the excellent . work an] functiors of the friendly societies on the one hand and the Chat cbdis of ling imposed upon by the " Weary Willies and ne'er-d( wells on the otaer, but he did not despai- of tbe ingenuity of his honourable friends -n finding a rife, middle course and fra-n- -'ng a very ratisfa 3toly measure, which would render the lives and prospt. .Its of thousands of their fellow coentijmen fairer and happier It woi 'd also be the duty of H.M. Government to lay before the House propcsals for increasing in efficiency mears of Imuerial defence. so as to render it impossible for tnori rations In lees happy lands to simersfully attick us. 'lids world-wide Empire, which it Wig at one time by certain sectior the feshion 1 3little was at let romist univeizally recognized is a gait het:tage, wor.hy of defence. We no lonser wondered what earthly use our colonies are to us. We now knew that the urion with them was our tiuest strenga, We intand, in canjr-iction sdth the colonies themolves, to adequately defend on- heritsge. Our menns of defence on lend, on sea end in air—(taughter) —must be adequate and effective. To undertake all those new responsibilities outline! end to rya: itnin their existing responsibilities they would

REQUIP MUCH MONEY, more, he aos af.4id thin cor'd be taeised by eFiit'qg mears of taxation Which pressed bard on their rr ^nu- feeturers and workpeople. It world be the duty of the I:casury to prepare a s itement showing how a large pr-t ot that revenue could be raisel by such a re-anangement of tavation as \voted allow them to leNi a similar toll on the manufactures and products of other natiors es were levied directly and indirectly en the same manufactures nnd products at bony He was sure his friends opposite would appreciat the difficulties a Chancellor of the Exche -per experienced in compiiing a workable Budget on the present lines of unfair com- petition—(laughtor)—so as to be just to the people • these realms, and he felt sure that after the experience gained in trying to force the recent Budget on the country their SUempt to find new taxes would receive their sympatby,if not their aetiv 3 assistance. (Lsight )r and applause). Mr. Wr.+: JoS (Leader of the Opposition) opened the discussion. He twitted the Government with not having felfilled their prornist.., especially with regard to some measure to remedy the rnsettled conditions of Irelend luey bad n3t even laid the foundations of the proposed Royal residence in tFat courthi. (Laughter). With regard to the Bill to be intro luced next week to" remove mirsonceptions rs to the relations of Chu-ch and Stat?." it was said that the days of miracles were over, but if they coeld remove misconceptions by Act of Parliament he still believed miracles were possible (Laughter). He would ask leave of the House to bring in a Bill to remove Tory misconceptiors of the present Budget. (Laughter). 'Lae subjects which engrossed men's minds to-day were not great Imnerisl auestiors but domee'c affaire. The Liberals la taken the lead in the matter and now the Toriel were following them and were prepared to go in for social reform. They bad no alterative It was PMUS- ing to note t"iat the Comer eatives were going to amend the Old Age Pensiors Act. The CODSAI eat ives were in cower ten years aftlf they bad promised pensions. fhen when the I Morals brought in their measure, on the first reading 29 Tories voted acJirst it, 42 for it, rnd 91 did not vote. On the tl3i-d reading 11 Tories vot id aga'~st, 12 for rid 140 were not present. That w..s the way they had shown belr sympathy with old age pension,, However, the I fberals would be prepared to assist the Government to improve the measure. "In common fairness" continual the leader of the Opposition the Prime Minis' u. ought ) cli-nge sides ena come PA Ot here. I don't think he crt asp( much support from his owe r lay if he ;4 going to close public housea on election days. (Laught)r). If you do that you will never have another Tory 0 rverament.' (Laughter). However, Mr. Wy -le-Jones promised the whole heal Zed support of the Fbetals to such a measere.

Councillor TOOLE (N., Monaghan), id tin Nationalists xvould he in .cord with' the Fume Af'n'stet-s general proposals. Jr they took into con- sideration the representation of Trelsnd '1 the Horse. of Commors they must also dissect 4%e Act which gave that representation and the Natior^l ids would be able to show the Horse the beseness r d cot:uption which brought ahont the Uniot Mr. J. JARMA N (L., lita-ton-on-T;ent) id he (I'd not know wbether the Hot se world I i r lcord w:th the Prime Afinist3t's suggestion to include votes for women in his scheme of electoral refotin.- It made them fe3l pretty s; rongly on the matter when lar"es thcught it nee-mat/ to throw iron bars end brick bats. I.ley began to oink they wrnted something else fIS well as votes. (1 „tighter\ The her meml. or suggested ti at they aJnted ht-st -nos to give them a sound thrash- 'ng rid keep them at home (Laughter.) He u. in favour of ,en educatioral qualification for vot3rs, but it would be well if they c)uld refotin the Howe of Lords in the same way end to get a little edurlt ion into th heads of men who wore duell coronets and such babies (E aughter.) The Lit3rals were pleased the Covet; uen

"One bitterly cold winter's day, about two years ago, I was out in a storm and got wet through. A few. days afterwards I was attacked by Acute Rheumatism. - • "In spite of treatments I became so seriously 111 that I had to .be removed to hospital, and there I remained for tan weeks, unable to move my lirnbs, and suffering cruel tortares of ri h eumatistr.. ,'.l.Teturned home, but soon the agony in my shoulders, aims and lower I:mbs -

-,T-ne more and more ::I:.enr 3, and my Ca.ller had to cai." me,about house. My hqnds an d arms soon became quite cri,ppled and uent. To relieve the t3i 6c pas of Rheurratism mother kept tlot flannel over my jo;lts, but to Pld to my •oubles, I was not as healthy as girls of my age illorld be Mother was veiy d's; .Essed when . she iled to find an3,Zl-;ng that would cti-e me. " However, one day I chanced upon a book in which I reld of -1 71

of a gir. who - had been cured of • "Had to carry me about." Acute Rheumatism by Dr. Wiliams' Pink Pill Mother bought me a supply of these pills ant' before long a marked improvement came over me - When I had taken a few boxes of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills I felt like a different girl, and. as I persevered with the pills all 'fracas of Rheumatism left nio. Besides this my colour retutned, I gained an alma- donee of New Blood and my health be:ame regula-• Dr. Williams' Pink-Pills cured me of Rhematism and Bloodlesrness. Rheumatirn is the result of a vitiated condition of the blood, and Dr. Williams' Pink r;11s dive out the poisons of Rheumatism, because they replenisli the. veins N%ith New Good Blood. They hive cured not only Rheumatism, but Anemia, Neuralgia, DebilitY. Sciatici, and Paralysis 4 also the a-ihes and ills of women. Obtainable of dealers, or direct from Dr - Williams' Medicine Compiny, 46, Holborn London, post free, 2s. Od. for one box, fly 13s 91 'f'r six boxes. Look alxays for the seven words wrapper thus--Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for ral-0 People.

Warrington Cricket and Bowling Club. The olos'ng bmvling• main in connect:on with the Cricket and Bowling Club was played at Alpley 00 Saturday. Fine Weather prevailed and the in exce"ent . order. There were about thirty entriee find some close games were played, the result being as follows :-1, J. L. Pearson ; 2, T. Cooper ; 3,1)- C. I.:ce ; 4, R. N. Forst3r ; 5, T. Birtles ; 6, C. Leigh; 7,F. Gotnel,t; 8, J. Podmore ; 9, F. Turner- The players c'etarwatas had .tea Acgether and e• pleas2ut evening was spent udder the chairwanshir of Coonclo'r 13:' :les, the President, who distlibutti the pt;zes. The general feeling was that the pot season had been a very successful on not.Nithstanding much unfavourable weather. The healths of the Presi.deut, the captain (Mr. R. T. Fa'-clough), Mr- T. Cooper (bowl'nl secretly), MP. F. Howerd, Bayley Mr. R. H. Daintith and others who hati rendered senice were corclially chunk. Songs were rendereil by several of the members and the enjoyable pronedings Were brought to a close shoitly before eleven o'cic k.

RUGBY FOOTBALL. PEARSON IND KNOW' V ST. HELENS WEITE Rosg• —Played at St. Helens lr Saturday. lue President of the home t:--nHckel off. S. Hefers led the attaok through Grat—rm. Hurop for P. sid K. made n• brilliant rety a which ended '1 a try for-the visitors- Neat passing by v:.itora' b lk culminat 4 in Ashton sooting. A goal was then kicked by Tickle. Half-true score : P. and K, 8 points ; St: Helels, nil. Pio resume] evenly until (towards the r:lose !when TICk scored a try. Sr 'neer n-nele a spltnlid attempt at gl but fasled. F; :-P. and K., llpoints ; St. Helenr, to •

===== 0002601_19091002_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
167 44, X:2)C3OMir''NE %CD /t4r 9

GROCERS ram PROVISION KiERCHANTS

lefidr3v.. 141; P 37- MISI M47a. ITka kweitt •;:x1 Pr 0 f „ •

===== 0002601_19091002_art0071.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
iiill

===== 0002601_19091002_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
knew where to get the necessiry money from. They hid been under the impression that that w the One thing the gentlemen who oppose.? the present Budget dal not know. (Laughter,) Mr. H. RIGBY (N., Scitland division of Liverpool), said the prlgrawne outlined by the Premier wAs the sort, of legislation that hal been assoc!ated with the Conservati?e party in the past. Howeeer, when they fiund improvement, true democrats wiuld htil it with delight. He commented up.an tie ab,elee. of any reference to the len I q testi° ). Many anon-tiies of the land system might oe re:no :el in this co tatry and in Irelaadovith becelt to the people. Mr. W. M.t.soN (1., Newcastle- and,r-L:n..) hailei the Prime Minister as a fellom suffragist. H, asked him not to be too keen about • the mutter. He d.d bot like to imagine the Prime Minister, with set teeth, being tel with the force pump. (Lah4hter.) As to elect.ira/ reform, whO would draw up the elucatiouat qualifica- tions and examine the candidates? The PRIME MINtsTER, in replying to tbe del-a'e, 5,1,_a the House of L'ards did not almays srmatbise itn radical measure3,bat why wts it? 'raey had ia the House of Ltirds the 1.)33t educate.' bran.; in the country. . (Laught3r.) If people were elucated they wre apt to become Tories.. (Laughter,)

===== 0002601_19091002_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
NEXI WEEK'S DEBATE.

Next Tuesday evening the Society w 11 hare a from Lord Woimer who will give en accouat of the great Debating S.,ciety of the Oxford Lluiou, of which he hes baen president, The Rev. E. C. E. CAPLEION (Minister cf Eitication) will introduce a Bill" to rerf.oro miscot.c.ption.s as to t. e patu e of the re'ations exitting hatv:ao.: Cae Caurch aid the State." The Bill states :

Whereas misconceptions have arisen sni are preva- lent with regard to the relations existing between the Church of Engl4l and the S:ate, with a view to the removal of such misconcepticns it is hereby declared thst the followintr propositions embodied in a Bill dealinp ssith the Church in Wale?, avlch was intro- duced !nto the House of Commcns on April :21st, 1909, by the Right Honourable Henry Asquith, have no foundation either in law or in fact. 1. That the Bishops have seats in the House of Lords is a thing incident to or bound up with the " establisb-rent " of the Church. 2. That the establishment of the Church is a thing that is boeud up with any existing system Of patronage. 3. That the various benefices of the English Church are what are celled " Corporations sole "'does in any way involve the" establishment "of the Church. 4. Th it the " ltablishment " of the Church con- sists in the fact that it is an enlowed institution. 5. That the present mode of convening and holdinff S3,nods is a thing that involves the " es:ablishment cf the Church. 6. That the obligation to obey the Church's law deperils upol the fact that it is part of the law of the land and not obligatory by contract. Now to remove all such misconceptions, and in recog- nition of the fact thst since the pissing of the Tolen.- tion Acts all religions bodies in this country are on tbo same footing as regards freedom of belief and freedom of worship, Be it hereby enacted that the term "establishment " as distinctive of any one pat Licular denomirltion be disused:

===== 0002601_19091002_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
"Those suffering from Rheumatism will understand what I endured."

The plight of a young woman Ileipizss through Rheumatism. How she W 3 3 curd ani mad .3 aatile by Or Williams' Pink Pills.

The circumstances that led up to Miss 2l;iy Betts' melancholy acquaintance with Acute Rheumatism included nothing unusual—only an icy-cold day and wet clothing—but she was destined to suffer the worst agonies Without any real. relief. Treatments seemed- useless, but Dr. Williams' Pink Pills cleansed her Blood Of all the poison's of Rheumatism, and cr.red her. "Many and many time," stated Miss Betts, who resides with her p9rents at 64, Gaylord-road, She')." herd's BuFh, London, W., "I have cried myself to sleep owing to the f-ightfel pa;-is of Rhematistn- Those suffetin,..o. Ceorn 13.heumatism will understand what I endu-I. -

===== 0002601_19091002_art0075.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

===== 0002601_19091002_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
'1

THE

PICTURES OF THE WEEK.

" NIMROD "

AT THE TEMPLE PIER.

The " Nimrod," the little craft in which Lieutenant Shacklcton and his mcn sailed far the South Pole, is lying at Temple Pier on the Thames Embankment. She was stripped of her masts and rigging to enable her to pass under the bridges, and once s).e has been refitted she is to be thrown open for public inspection at a charge of oae shilling per hcad, the proceeds to be handed over to charity. This is the first ozcasion on which Londoners have had an opportunity of inspecting a famous exploring ship at their very cors, and naturally the liveliest interest is being taken in the now historic vessel.

- KING MANOEL.

Gossip is busy just now with regard to the matrimonial intentions of King Manoel of Portugal, the most eligible bachelor in turope. The name of His Majesty, who is to pay a visit to this country in November, is being assiduously associated with that of Princess Alexandra.

A PRIME MINISTER'S SALARY.

HOTEL MANAGER WITH

Mr. Henri Pruger, the well-known manager of the Savoy Hotel, has just resigned his position and sails for New York to take up his duties as Manager of a new restaurant there. He will receive the salary of a Cabinet Minister, and his commission will bring his income up to a sum approaching 10,01:10 a year.

- „ . ....,:,.....,,,:*:...•••••••:-•:f..••••••••••:•••.',..i.i.:::K§iiiii:i6.4::::ii:i::.:1•:,... . , •,:i'S''...:::,...$11.:""..::',..,:•:.....:,...,:••••:::•:::::::::::„.c.,:::::•,..::';'is:;:•:••,:lii,i,•.*::::.u:•:::.... -,s•:-;:i:§:.:M.:"..:",-..:::: . .4e:;•:::.if:si. -,U:iiii:••••••.::..*:::;2.:,..:-....:.::.,fz.,::::;::.:::::::::::Al:q.:?..:, • ,;" :.V.,.:,:.*??:—.•:?,•••••::..:;:::i•.;'.,:•. .4..ii:1.A•::::::•. •••.•,,:::::::::.**.;•••:•:§;1.•.:;.::::'..ift.:::die::i.i-gii:: ~,...........,,,....:-:-.,..,4:.,....,..!,::.:,..,,,,5iir..,,...:::,..-..i;...:..... ~..‘ivar •... .:::::?.E...z:;,:-. • ..-. -....,::.1......11.11. !!!!), ......."-a,....-. - ....,:::::::::,,,:-..:.• F .::: •:::-..3.,.,i5.:::, :-..: .::s:.*::::::iii.:::.ftig,.:-:: ..,...,. .: ....,,......,,,,,,,::::::::.:-:::, . • ...,::::::i:K:::::::.."..... ~...:.:.:t.:,,,e, ~......,..--,i::.....„.:....:.:...... :.. .: , :::..i..;,. , ...,,, ........,..„.._ ~, ..•..4,:.4. :::::.:*::::i.:.::,,w:::::,:::::::.:, ~. . :„:,.. : ~..:. .. •,:::::::::::::::::.:......: f.;',....i'.„•*. •::•,,,:,.•••:•:•:•::: :•-, - ' •„•'•.. ..........." .„'• ........ - ..• . ' ....... ..... .. .. . . : '.:,.. . • re.i, ''-' .4...iiiii4.:::.:,:ii'''''....::".•,.., , ::',...1* •••• ' .. • *,.:•,,.:. :*;:"4:. . .• • • ..........................• •-.... ~ •.. ,-. .• . , ''•:',::::.• ,%::::.''.:::::"...... ::•••• :::''',....:,:::::,........::':-..':;:::::::::::-.'::::::".::••••.':..•.::. ''.,,';'•5,........ ' .' : ';',.....:':.*:;:..E.':- : ..:1.450..tr:041::M•1/24..Z:R::. '',..: ' -:,•• -. •• ~,•4,;:,:i:5..."." .: .. 4 „4.,••• ••••••1;....-:..;:::•.:i..-:*,."....:•.::::.::::•••••:•:„.:::::,•:.•:•, : .......-;:•.?' il .:•, •..'• '••••'•••••• ••••.•",...;• . WV::2:::::k%:%&':::*i:S::: ,c....iti..),„.. ••.; • .',... ',..C,:•:,:::-:•.....:',.:',:i:i••?<;:',.......: •• • • •:. ..,....<:••••:•••:•:•:;*;4:i..,,,::::„ :. ..........,„*.:.-:;:............:::::::.::'::::;::::::.....:':: I: ' ';•4*.:•.......:f:ii:::::::: ii,'''',.:::::::..:::!'.***.t:''''',.:... . . lifigitifilf•;iliiitlia:::::*: j :•:*:::::;;;;;;;;:i;;;:::;;;;;;:::;;;;;;:•,:*;:;.:*"... . :;.;*??....:••••••1..,..:. .......::.....:. ....,...,..;,,:?„.ft.1::..11..::;:::...:.:.:;:;,..:.::::::.r.1.14.:.:::::::.::li.4,ii:::::.:::::::::::::1:;',....:::':';....,,..:i.: ...:;•*'• ...;•:.:.';;;•Wi?.;:::tMe:::::::::.,i, • 5i.:•:!:.•.!:"...::::.:N1'1i.R:11.:::..•1...',1,A'•*:i•Y0....g.*.....5.....:.• ::;i:.:.NRANtik.;:::::OO,• ',:,,,,;.:••••.: ' ''• ''' ''..'•-•.:::::::::,;...:.''.1,.*:,ii*:', ••; **::7,:::::'..i. ....••4:.;i:/1.:*k•••••;'. ..e,..4.k.,, .' ' : !:7..2..',1.' 4 :50,...,,%•';''...', ' •••••,,, ' :44.i...4:::::/.':::::::.4i.J.,7q;>:*Li:,;>.:?l§los::Wa? „,,,..... . ' -'•.. - : •••::'• :.'?•:ri**7,•,'''''' ' ••••;.- ••••...• -.. ''x'''•:'....:::.-. '' ~': j ::,:'.7.. 4r."'-r*''. .:::.';':':,,•• ..:I'''.-• ........ •---..::::i.,:::::Q.i:,.. '::::..:.....:::::::::.,.. - •,..: -:::.,,.....-ii.se.:',-,:.::•:::• :::::',..:-..:il.:?.::•3-:i:e.;a:::.:4:.i**, ......,:i*:::: • . f.:,,,,,,,,,.. ......... • ~,....::::•: .:::::: ..:, „.::,,,::::::::::.:::::.:::::::.::*•::::ge , . ._ , . • , ... . • .• • . •-:.:-. ... : • .',..,,,?::,:q.....;,..:..,,, , : . ....', - . .' . . ''..,::. •::',„•‘:„',...;;;;..'f ,' . :::*'.4;i::::•:•.:•;;;;:,,...:.,...... ***** .''. : .N. ••• - - •••••,4':,:,:::,.:*.e: • • -•• • • • S,<P• •••::::::, •- ' - ••••••• • • • • • , >. '' •". '..‘..,k• ' ' ' 415 : . . '':::'' . . ' ''''..giA.;#:JP '•,-.:•i:,..:,. ',,, * ' :: :::?.::'.'''. 'i:...:::k4.1.....• .. ..

-,-..- ......w::4:.,,,...i.::::i.:-..• ..A.r4,-,i,...ik..•••,...•::::.:..44.4-;:10ii,::1:18:..i,:-..t•.V a. .:....,..:....4?),1,it ,i .:::1,.:::....:..it:::11t.,..'.1,0411'::.:•••:..:-..,,",:.:.: .. 11. _........:.„. ...3:4'.v..,it..:...:..,i .1.1k.':',1t4.:"&,,,,x4,::::?.."..?4rarit:.':..,:,t11:::::,...Pi•,:1,;:i!.!::::i:;::::::::,...:..:F,..:::.::::!!...„igi. ••.:- 'k4,lis.:l-•-•';'4'.:•,:k--';-:,i,-,,'f:1••••:•-•-•:',pi4-w.p..>x,4•.,•••:-••••• • , •••• -. '.:-.,',.--"•':ft,Aii*.----•:mm,".ls3Js.t&:i4-,:::.:4•:::i.,,,,••••.,.* • -t';'''."',.is-e..4,0:,.:...•-ifi-4..,-....:-..-:::•;::::ift,-.,:;,..:it.:.,t..-;iil.',.--c• ... '. -:::!-!....!,i,,-;,;,,',...'',,i4C,..#:.'-'f.,.-- • ..-::.--::,':"'",;,-:::::f.x.:::.:-.:-...'::::',.-::-s,:,;;;i::..i,,,.•.::,:i:.,..-,.......•:..;:.N 1i:,...-:::' • ,:....% ......*:-.:.,11.i.:-.0.;,...';.4?:,?5,4,35i.:.::::.1,::-::.:-......:::.i::--,.....:..14 -,0f:,.,.U_-".'''''.:'..' '::,..•:. ----.•.::,::.-.',..,-.::::::'''::,,i:::,,...:,N.101,1iiitlissr.....A.-4.4. :::- I ':,..4:,:..-.,:::-:--4,,V,,,I.k-...-',.--....--....„:::-.:.:.---:.;...- -..fUlt-,--.... ':. • .. .:....-4......:;-::.::::;*ii1i:,::...:::...::.'::.i;.:,....:.::.t.5.... '.,..,...::::. -- .:5.,.:.i::,:.;:::::;,.,....... . ........-... -... %-.....,....:.:,.:,,.....;* ,i,,,... .... —:.. . . . . .::..,. .., .. .. ... . . ..:::.: I fi P -...,...::. .. .K.' .??...,.....::, ~4.,,,,,,...,.?.......:,...?...':.?...,... ....-........:::4':i::::..::::,5, .:....1:;:.:-..:...:.:1,. - . .....:., ...,.........,,:::,::::., ...... . ..: ik - .:,..:'.......-::...,,...4..::.:....:..-.-'..:i. i: ..,. ' ....:-:?,..f......i'...r, ...: .....i"'.......:,N;:::,::-...:::i:',..: -.- ~':...'........:::::•,:i.:...,1.::,:.i.....:.:::;:.:,: . .:.': - • .—9 ...,. . .. .... ~.. .:::',.:::;. ... - ....,,....,.:. - ...:.i.f..,14,.. .. ~. ~ , ,:„..:......,...:::::,:;:.......i' ..,:.:,.....,-,,,,... ... ..-.:. . . . . .:.- s.:i:„, -....:: ..q.,. ... ...timi..i.kiiiii.iiii::;?..6,:::: ... ~ ~. . t • • :: :.••,. 1,•::'•: ' . , ... '' ' • . .. • :-:!...4.::-- ••,,i.....',..i:...--,-,:f • .. ,:. - ..'..., ..,,...„,..::?;,-•:.-. 1-•.''.. ..:::::• '''''-:::::::::-::::.ir„.tt,,11. -‘ .. • • '.. .. , , . .; .....-'.e.1.:,!'4' • -.5..,:....: * . ••••• :::,...-'.!.:7,.;•.1t;:.: ....:::::-...''i:.i.:: si:?-::11•:. „. ..., ~,,:, , •• . .-.'' . '..1i.1.',,,z.:i•5:•'--........:::' -,,, : le" •••••-.1.i:.:.:...::.',-:'-• --- ..:•:-,-..,...' -.--;',...-',':-.4 •---:".. •. • ' ...'•i•• ...;:ag;:.:...1.:-- '?•-••••,..,:::i::e.'' ~.:„.--• 6 :,' .;:t.-• ''.;i--.i:.::**.:•••••••.:'::D4i :-;1- .. - -..:,...!. .-'.:':ItIgt,..1::.P:::::••• . ''''...:.•.:01i:P:4,.. 44:-&:•iff:41:'•:-:-.:-.'.•''.i • ''''-' .--'..1.--•••••••••4....:-::.,:lf:,:c.'„f--.:.••'.1:? .• .... .: •,. • • ... • ••• :.:i.,::::i...„,:.:.:m.*,-- -'-' . ' ...: • <.. •••••''' ....,:::::,...:::?..sif:4l.• xi,:.... - - - : :-....-::....-*,-.:••••• --.•••• • .--...- • ••• :- : .. .., _•..x.. ..:.:.:• ~, .• ... .....,.. .. ....•...,.. -.. , , ~ , . :;::•,i_j:.,:•ii,,.:ioiiii:ii.:.i.:ig:.-:..,::.:..„: - ~.-,:,....-i- :.... ,:::::::,*:,:f..,.::i4:•: :•-•••••••• - ..,....,. .:. •.:„. • ...,......„:„.,:„....,..,..„:, ..,,„:„....••:„.,:::,.,.,::-.....,:i:,,,:i:iigii:A.:: .:.1.1::'.::•::'. -• .y..-.,..:.::„..,•••• .. :-. - , .. • •---:::i-::-.-,ii-::--,...:.::::::,....: -::-;:-.--- ,‘,•-:-...,.:-i.:.•-.,.:•::::::., .-:-::-.:.---..::::ii:.::.::N,•:::::i,,, .-_,::: .:..:'::::::i:,-6'.?*i--:-..ii. . . -..iii-:•-.?, .. ~ii' , . . .:-......:: ...I;i:::::, ~.5...-....,i§::: . .....,..,.,..,.. :... „, . , ....., . .......:%:aMMA*;:::.:,..,. - . ' ....•-:-:....--.:-.-i• ......., .... ',: - '' : - ...:.i.::Z.:;::.:,:•Z:::::: :!;:!...t.i.A...... . -,...i,f..•;.:::....:-,-„•••••-,.......---•:;-::--,:'',::-•:::' .:........--,-ii:....-IE1::•:',..:::-i:..i'•;:i,:',K:;----•-•:•:-. ~..t.„., .... , . .:....:.,i-•iF,:41i..-.,-,-.....,•-•,:::t...-:-:.::;::i.-•:.:::::- •• .-- :-. .'„•-• ~ -•- " • . -,.::-.. . ' ......:i..-0,:....-- •::::.:: •-•:::::** ....-: - :::.,:•::-..•

===== 0002601_19091002_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
LORD DENBIGH'S SEVEN DAUGHTERS.

Lord and Lady Denbigh-have received many con—gratulations on their silver wedding, an event which has been suitably commemorated at Newnham Paddox, the ances:ral seat of the Fie'dings, in the parish of Monk's Kirby, near Rugby. Our photograph of the silver wedding-day group shows Lord and Lady Denbigh and their seven daughters. The coming of age of Lady Mary Fielding, who is standing to the left of Lord Denbigh, was celebrated at the same time.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
HEAD COVERED WITH SORES.

NATIONAL BAND FESTIVAL. Crosfield's Win Third Prize.

Warrington was greatly interested in the national hand festival at the Crystal Palace on Saturday, for high hopes were entertained that Crosfield's band, who came in second last year, would gain till m ich-coveted championship. As events proved, the It cal band had to be content with third place, but this.w as.a creditable achievement, for the contest was keener than probably any that hive preceded it. Fifty thousind . musical enthusiasts were present .at the Cr 3 Pdlace, sitting hour after hour and hear.ng the same pit.ce performed over and over again, while the massed band concert in the evening was kesieged with eagtr listeners. One hundred and fifty bands, with nearly 5,000. per- formers, competed in one or oiler of the nine sections into which the festival was divided. Taken as a whole, the number of Northern bands emu- peting was smaller than usual this year, owing, it was stated, to the depressed condition of the cotton trade, the result of which was the Lancashire lands entering were reduced to ono-half, only thirtern being present. These included, however, the best ban& in the district —Shaw, Goodshaw, I rwell Springs, Win a tes, Perfection Soap Works, and Foden's being entered into the championship section. Two of the remainder were in the concert, and there were five others. The previous winners of the championship, which carries with it, the possession of the thousamil guineas trophy and a cash prize, Iv. re :-1900, Denton Original; 1901, Lee Mount; 1902, Black Dike ; 1903, Besses o'-th'-Barn ; 1901, Hebburn Colliery; 1905 and 1903, Irwell Springs; 1906-7, Wingates, the two last-named being the only bands that have won the trophy twice. The band which wins the trophy the first time secures a bronze medal for each of its memliers, the one which wins it twice a silver medal, and the one which win 3 it thrice a guild medal, but the trophy can never be won outright. Tile test piece was a selectiost.from Wagner's "Flying Dutchman. There appeared to be a consensus of opinion among the experts that Shaw and Perfection performers were at the top of the list,and the iritics awaited the choice of the adjudicators —Lieutentant Charles Godfrey, Mr. James Ord Hume, end Mr. James Brier—with no small interest.

The other contests were, of course, of minor importance, but it was a treat to hear the massed bands' performance, at the close of which the prize- winners were announced. The b i ands taking part n this concert were :—Batley Old, Black Dyke, Clydebank Burgh, Foden's Motor Waggon Works, Goodsbaw, Irwell Springs, King Cross Subscription, London Prize, Perfection Soap ' vrorks and Wga intPs Temperance, the conductors being Mr. J. Henry Iles, Mr. S. Cope, aud Mr. W. Nutt all. _

The result was announced as follows :- 1 and championship, Shaw ; canductor, W. Rimmer. 2, looden's Motor Waggon Works; W. Rimmer. 3. Perrection Soapworks ;W. Ilalliwell. 4. Kettering Rifles; A. Owen. 5. South Moor Colliery; A. Holden. ft. King Cross Subscription; NV. Rimer. 7. B itley Old ;T. Morgan.

COMMERCIAL FAlLURES.—According to "Kemp's Mercantile Gazette," the total number of Commercial Failures recordel in England and Wales during the week ending Friday,Septeruber 240, was 138, viz. :—New Bankruptcy Proceedings published in the London Gazette, 73 ; Deeds of Arrangement registered, 65. The respective numbers in the corresponding week' of last year were: Bankruptcies, 77; Deeds of Arrange- ment, 77—Tctal 154 being-a decrease of 16. The total number of Commercial Failures recorded during the 39 weeks of the present year is 5,786 ; the total number recorded in the corresponding 39 weeks of Jest year was 6,152, showing a decrease of 306,

===== 0002601_19091002_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
boctors Marvel at a Great Zam-Buk Cure. .11.1.••••••••• I

It The wonderful way Zam-Buk cured a child's ring- brought unstinted praise from the hospital oetors who had the case in hand. Mrs. Thompson, If 157 F, Guinness Buildings, Vauxhall, London, 8.E., '`tes us these interesting facts :- 1 1: When my little girl was two years old, a dark- 073'cing sore, the size of a penny, came on the crown I,,her head. The doctor told me it was ringworm 14,11 ch Horrie had contracted from some other girl. tVe ringworm spread all over Florrie's head, despite oe doctor's t.eatment, which I carefully followed. her ointments I also tried, but they were all power- 11'ss to check the spread of the disease. I got alarmed tilli(1 took Florrie to St. Thomas' Hospital. I was told a ere that the ringworm would take months to cure, only then by the use of the X-rays. For 12 li"lths I took Morrie daily to the hospital, where she oderwent the X-ray treatment for twenty 'minutes each day: This brought away the hair and left a patch of --,`o'd on every spot treated, until the childs head was 074Pletely bald. A thick coating of scurf Fettled on 15 girl's scalp. This scurf obstinately refused to away,though the hospital doctors tried all manner "I treatments. As I was worrying about my little Trl one day I remembered that my late husband, who 41,8 a carpenter had often spoken enthusiastically Oottt Zam-Buk and had always,carried a box about ,qlth him. I therefore got some ZSm-Buk and smeared gle balm all over Florrie's scalp. " The scurf began to loosen and come away so ' ..9ticeably that the doctors expressed great surprise t this sudden improvement in what they regarded as a 97 obstinate case. I continued to use Zam-Buk, 1,411 ch completely removed the scurf and brought °rrie a clear and healthy scalp in a manner that agto • rushed the hospital people. Florrie's hair grew and to-day sihe has a beautiful head of healthy, **lc'soy hair, while her scalp is as sweet and clean as a babe's:, Just that same benefit Zam-Buk was to the Thomp- Ilk family it may also be to yours. Nothing can resist ;4!! healing forces stored up in a handy box of ''"trt-Buk.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
. m•-• .

tiThe awards at the Bakers' and Confectioners' Exhibit' iv% held at the Agricultural Hall in September rf this ~r, furnish interesting reading. One award that will th_lainly receive popular endorsement is that of a gold kvual for Brown Bread baked from Allinson's Whole- Flour. This is not the first time that a baker t;111g Allinson's Wholemeal Flour has obtained high o:ard, indeed the Gold Medal now presented is only hi„eke.f a long series of successes that are unquestionably prny deserved. Brown Bread baked from Allinson's Qur is popular wherever it is introduced. It is a containing highly nutritious. qualities and is '''rticularly palatable.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0081.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

IMMIIMMM

===== 0002601_19091002_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, October 2, 1909.

wretches who would soon be hanging from the beam above our heads or on the branches of the trees outside.

The chapel is now transformed into a drawing-room and the oaken pew in which Sir John Done sat is now a book Stand. This pew has a sliding front by which the occupants could be cut off from view and rumour has it that the sliding of the shutter was a signal to the preacher that the sermon

has lasted quite long enough. An old world lawn and garden lie on the south side of the hall, and enough remains to show us how they looked in distant Stuart days. Here are vases for flowers, shaded walks and terraces, moss grown walls, strange .carved animals and a fine old sundial, and here rests the old font that once adorned the Chapel. The Civil War made sad havoc of Utkyn- ton Hall, and little effort has been made to restore it. Its treasure, by the way, is said to have been hidden in the forest and never recovered. The stained glass adorns Vale Royal, and only the shell that held the departed glory remains. Yet it is abundantly worth a visit.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
SUMMER PILGRIMAGES.

UTKYNTON HALL AND BEESTON CASTLE.

With the shortening days we shall perforce

map out some shortened pilgrimages and find our interest nearer home, but before the summer's wanderings are quite over and to show the timid pilgrim how much can be crowded into a generous afternoon we pro- pose to take him upon a long spin through some ,of the most richly interesting of Cheshire's fine highways. We enter our happy country by the Tarporley-road and our first objective is to be the High Billinge and Utkynton Hall.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
STRONGHOLD

A PRE-HISTORIC

The Billinge is a familiar landmark to all who have passed through mid-Cheshire. The highest, or next to the highest point in the Delamere hills, it lifts its tree-crowned summit high and alluring above the plains. Strangely enough this high point is not even marked upon the ordinance Survey map; but it is a spot of peculiar interest. The circular mound on the top is certainly a tumulus for so carefully rounded a hillock can hardly be the work of nature, and the numerous squared stones now built into an encircling wall may easily have formed part of a fortress. These traces of our early progenitors are very interesting and we would give much to be able to lift the veil and see them as they swarmed over the great ant-hills in which they found their protection and their home. We add our

===== 0002601_19091002_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
BEESTON CASTLE.

We do • not stop at Tarporley for we are speeding towards an object which crowns and dominates our landscape—the old castle of Beeston. The fortress is the most promi- nent object in the landscape for many miles around. The crag on which it stands rises more than 500 feet above sea level, on three sides entirely precipitous, and on the fourth approached by a sloping grassy hill-side. We ride round it on the road that skirts the foot and then begin the ascent that leads us up the grossy slope past the protecting walls

===== 0002601_19091002_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
BEESTON TOWERS. THE HOME OF MR. JOHN NAYLOR.

speculations to the rest; and after a quiet enjoyment of the fine scenery descend\ to trace our way to Utkynton Hall. The village of Utkynton is perched high on the hill and does not detain us, but below in the valley is an old building which it is worth a fairly long pilgrimage to see, the ancient hall of Utkynton. At present it is used as a dairy farm and many of its former glories have faded, but there is enough to attract the most careless traveller and no caller will go disappointed away. The occupier receives us most kindly and my fellow-pilgrim and I revel in the enjoyment of the gardens, the lawn and the big old building. _ .

But before mentioning points of interest we must refresh with a few points of information.

THE FOREST MOS.

Nearly all the history of the romantic region of Delamere centres round this old house, for it was the home of the Dones the keepers of the forest. The" Forestership " was a big thing in early days. Originally vested in four families it passed in the 12th century to Ralph de Kingsley who after the manner of the times held it by the tenure of a horn.

This horn the grand forester wore at his side Wheneier his liege lord chose a hunting to ride ; " By Sir Ralph and his heirs for a century blown, It passed from their lips to the mouth of a Done. We are transported at a bound to the bad old feudal days as we read the list of the privileges of the forest, keeper. Some day we may recall them just to show how far we have travelled in social usage and reform. For the present we only mention one or two to enable us to conjure up some of the grim scenes the old walls of Utkyntoil may have witnessed. The Forest kings rulei supreme in their own sphere and had power of life and death within the area of the forest. And they exercised their right. They hanged men first and then argued to justify the deed after- wards. They had a retinue of under-foresters whom they could billet upon the farms of their- tenants. They had the right to all fallen timber, birds, swarms of bees and the right shoulder of every deer hunted or caught in the forest. All smaller animals were theirs and every waif and stray found in the forest became one of their vassals.

and towers to the summit. These towers will serve to start us in the brief historical quest without which it is quite impossible to enjoy an ancient building.

~.,,,i.,,,::,;:,.,;;:5i,.:7:.:„.:4.:,....,:::,.v.: „4,,,,..„.....,.: 7.,„:„..4.ii''4' ''';'''s: ii.''''..:'.:l..:.:''''':;;;:i'';'*'...: , , r , . . .. • o : , . ~,,'.::::.:•.,..., ~....\ , „ ~ ,„, .„ ~ , , , ....„! , . ~. t 4,,,,e ~.. !,..-..:. >l.:?iiit, $7.7.-;.*,-;,...':' :pWilt i,,,,,,,;;;:;= '.. I.'N'''' .#ll.-,..':;i ~ ..., —.. ....,..,,,,,,i,,,:.*---.• , ''.-1:-,-- .. ..,111-- Iss nieia..alit, s u.tosvi.q. . :,-4,4 • ... --;:.4,..„, -...11,1,0 int :“,_l,-,1,..-- , .- -,-7,-,:rt. ~.*-.>. ~...., ...,....,,,,i23 1• ' ';':w.4....0411.. - -.o . .4.-it .K3t, ' T.' '. ' '•'• -1 ""- •4 'X ~..-S0 . .4',' , ';'''.7.1'40,1. - 7*,...=,•44,-' .....,:,f,., : -!-,F21,,k4,-.t, •:.::•:%''''tftflillgikt.*ll2V.s.T4T.T"A elti4;o4 ~,' -;,...,...11t4,.41,"r,.,„•, 4"." *SeCk.- 7 4,."5,:: • .>, ..k.lohrwr , . 1,-,,,,,,,,--14,1115i ...-. :•:-1'..,.,F, ....ivevt,,......... 4: Att.,..,:ir.....,...44,-....;:.: -I - . . it,:.. 1.. ',5,:.,,^17.41•:... 7. ''ei:t.': -.,:,''',''.'e:',4 k, .:'..- '%. ' 1.,, ..• -•,;;,'W.!'::,t/tx.,.:7?*,f)41..1,414_,,_,,,..T.N.1;::N; '.-. " : :.:::: ~.L.7..7*.tiP;;*.- * ~.:::. ''''l - *..14,,,::,,;..;.?fi..1.#,',:1"...-..-i.-:-..:.--".?;'-..,.: •,..1....*W. ~,,..,,,,..,..w4t-,,,:-.,,::, '1'.4..-'':".i.iv‘..e1...'...'.-..-:.-....---:eiiev..,../!:..ii...,/;,..,..t..4.7..-•:...--,:-.1'.4,..4:...',1te-71'1.f“.'-'• ,„,;;;.--1:..'-;4..,,,'.7,,,,-7,..":.;":''.:::-.'--. ,4**,.::4°",:'''''''..; 40#0&,,t,,''T:z..',.....-'..;.:.-%.... :;''::::.7'''':::-'::::•:.;:.;iii:.....,.' ...:4;'-!...::;:j.-4';...."1. *,,,,„,.. ',.- ' ..:::::.•.?&1:;ikt...7.:::.115' :i,kr.:'..',....7.,-;...fj,§•'''"-- 4. ~.,:0.A.,:A ...::. :<, .•

===== 0002601_19091002_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DONES OF UTKYNTON.

The family of the Dones appears as Forest rulers in the 12th century and they figure in the pages of history for fully six hundred years. 'Vigorous fighting men were these Dones of Utkynton and stbod in the forefront of many a battle. And a rough breed they were. Bloodshed, whether on battlefield or in the dark glades of the forest,was the spice of their blustering lives and they ruled the rude countryside with a sword seldom free from bloodstain.

Their crest which may still be traced in the stonework was a shield and arrows. And to complete it the motto " Omnia mei Dona Dei."—All that is mine is the gift of God.

This motto is just superb. The Dones, plunderers of the peasantry, forest tyrants, after building a mansion by wholesale robbery carve upon it a motto to proclaim to the world that it is the gift of God. • The biggest rogues seem to have always taken the most religious crests, as witness that of the next neighbour of the Dones, Sir Piers Dutton. This potentate after robbing the religious houses and charities in shame- less fashion built Dutton Hall out of the pro- ceeds and carved over its portals. " P.D. who thanketh God for all." What things our rich ancestors did! And what things our poor ancestors endured

===== 0002601_19091002_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
UTKYNTON HALL.

But it is time to describe the ancient hall. It is a big rambling building of irregular appearance, the outside being mostly of 17th century work. Much of it plundered by the Royalists in the Civil War,it was not fully rebuilt. Internally we find many things to linger over. In the centre of the great hall rises a huge trunk of oak on which the floors and roof timbers rest. Tradition has it that the original house was built round the growing tree, and there is every probability that this was so. A huge fire place with ingle nooks help us to picture the ball in its distant early days when the fierce owners held court here and gave sentence on the poor shivering

FIKRNIA.—The new Fluid Pad Truss never gets hard and is effectual in most difficult cases. For slight cases the new Waterproof Washable Truss, which is always clean and most durable, is strongly recommended.— WHITE & WRIGHT, Surgical Instrument Makers, 93, Renshaw at., opposite top of Bold et., Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
A REMINISCENCE OF THE CRUSADERS.

These walls were built on the lines of Saracen strongholds, and may have been modelled upon those of Constantinople. Thereby hangs a tale. An earl of Chester who went out on Crusade to the Holy Land spent considerable time in fighting the Saracens and knew by painful experience the value of the double walls joining round towers from which arrows or molten lead could be freely poured. And about the year 1220 he put up these rings of masonry. Yes, these old walls have stood for nearly seven centuries. They are forlorn enough at present and so quiet as to give the idea that they were built for ornament. Perhaps it may invest the place with a little life if we recall a few of the men who have lived and struggled here in a stormy past.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
SOME ANCIENT HISTORY.

The first owner of Beeston Castle, of whom we know very much, was Randle Blundville, who succeeded to it in 1187, and who was one of the Barons who stood over King John at Runnymede to enforce the sealing of the Magna Charta. After his death Henry 111. seized it, and a few years later it was snatched by Simon de Montfort. It was this Simon who called the assembly in which we first see our modern Parliament and who made England

A land of settled government, A land of just old and renown. But the castle came back into royal hands and was the scene of hustle and confusion on, many a memorable day during the Border Wars, for Llewellyn, the Welsh prince, had arisen and kept the Border Castles on the stretch of anxious watching for many A long year. But Llewellyn fell, and Edward, to appease the conquered people, hit upon the expedient of making them a promise. They were to have a prince who should be a native of Wales, who never spoke a word of English, and whose life and character none could quarrel with. He fulfilled the promise when he held up in his arms a tiny baby, his infant son born at Carnarvon Castle, and the first Prince of Wales.

With that happy event Beeston's occupa- tion, like Othello's, was gone, and for a century we hear nothing of it. It next figures as the last and temporary stronghold of Richard the Second. Poor weak Richard supplanted by Bolingbroke came back from Ireland to find his kingdom taken from him, but some loyal Cheshire men became his body guard and kept watch over him by day and night. Because of the loyalty of the county and the impregnable nature of the fortress the kings treasure and jewels were carried here for safety. But the garrison surrendered and Richard passed beneath the high walls on that sad journey to his death which Shakespeare has so pathetically described.,

===== 0002601_19091002_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
A WARRIOR OF NINETY.

In Queen Elizabeth's time the castle had lost much of its glory, but was still an inhabited stronghold. Of its owner in those spacious days we must not fail to say a wordi Sir George Beeston had done brave service at the siege of Boulogne and had seen enough of fighting to satisfy an ordinary man. But 'when at the age of ninety he heard of the coming of the Armada the fight- ing spirit 'stirred within him and he took command of the Dreadnough (famous name!) one of the foufships that in the fore- front of the battle broke the Spanish line. For his valour he was knighted by Queen Elizabeth, and lived to enjoy the honour a dozen years. His altar tomb at Bunbury tells all these things in elegant Latin and says that he was aged 102 years when he ceased to serve his country. There is anther century of history to glance over; but my fellew pilgrim is hungry and the kettle is boiling at the gate house below. We are to have tea' on the greensward and the reader must wait if he would know the rest. A.M.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0092.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_19091002_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
FROM LABOUR'S STANDPOINT.

By Philip Snowden, M P.

ABOUT WHISKEY AND TOBACCO.

So much attention has been given to the Land Clauses of the But (get that its other features have beQl almost forgotten. The working people appear to be paying their extra taxation quite joyfully, indeed with a grim satisfaction, under the impression that the dukes and other landowners are being severely hit. With the latest concession which the Chancellor has given to the land- owners, this class is not only not going to have to pay more in the way of land taxes, but as Mr. Asquith said at Birmingham "I am quite prepared to maintain and to defend the proposition that the owner of agricultural land, in so far as it is naturally and economi- cally applied to agricultural purposes, will be as well off or,even better off in the matter of taxation after this Budget is passed than he is at the present moment."

===== 0002601_19091002_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
IHE BEST PARTS.

If the big landowners are going to be better off under this Budget, then somebody else is going to be taxed to raise the ,E 13,000,000 the Chancellor requires. In the matter of increase in the Income Tax, the Super tax, and the Death Duties, the rich are going to contribute about one-half of the extra taxa- tion. Although the popularity of the Budget is due to the land clauses, which are not worth a penny to the revenue this year, I have, ever since the Budget was introduced, looked upon the Income Tax and Death Duties proposals as the best part of the Budget from the point of view of producing revenue. These proposals entitle the Budget to receive the support of every person who wants to tap seams of wealth for social reforms.

THE WORKMAN AND THE " MISSIS."

The working men are paying the spirit duty and the tobacco duty without complaint although it is evident that some of them have had to reduce their oon sump tion . An increase of prices was bound to have that effect. A working man's means are so limited that he cannot afford to spend more than a certain slim weekly upon his personal luxuries. If the price of his tobacco and whiskey is advanced by sixpence a week he cannot get that extra pocket money from the " tnissis," but must reduce the volume of his consump- tion to within his old expenditure. EXTRAORDINARY SOBRIETY.

The decline in the consumption of spirits has been extraordinary. The reduction in the revenue from spirits in the four months, May to August, 1909, as compared with May to August, 1908, was £2,489,000. The revenue from spirits for the four months, May to August. 1908, was £6,131,000, so that a reduc- tion of £2,489,000iis equal to 40 per cent. of revenue, and over 55 per cent, in the quantity of spirits consumed. If there were not factors in the taxation of spirits, other than the yield of revenue, such a result as this would be the most striking condemnation of bad statesmanship ever brought home to a Chancellor of the Exchequer. There will have to be an enormous increase in spirit drinking during the next six months if the Chancellor does not find himself at the end of the year with as large a deficit on this item as he expected a surplus. But if we look at this question from other points of view than merely revenue raising we may find some satisfaction in the great decline of spirit drinking. If reduction is going to be permanent, then the Chancellor of the Exchequer 'has by accident discovered a most effective way of making the people sober by Act of Parliament. From the point of view of temperance, it is desirable to discourage the use of ardent spirits, oven if the consumer resorts to lighter alcoholic beverages. I don't expect to carry Scotch- men with me in -that opinion. THE CASE OF TOBACCO.

Something of the same result has happened in the case of tobacco, although the decline in consumption is not so marked. In the four months, May to August of this -year, there has been a decrease in the amount of tobacco taken out of bond of 3,680,190 lbs. This means that during the period named 58,883,040 ounces, or 471,000,000 pipefulls of tobacco less have been smoked than last year. This represents very serious consequences to the manufacturer and the retailer. lam not so much concerned about the manufacturer, who in the tobacco trade is largely a very wealthy monopolist, but such a reduction must have hit the retailer very hard, and he, in most cases, is a man who has a very hard struggle for a living. So far as the experience of these few months goes, it looks as if the profitable taxation of spirits and tobacco had been reached before the increases were imposed. That, at any rate, was the opinion of all previous Chancellors, and both Sir Michael Hicks-Beach and Mr. Austen Chamberlain came to the conclusion, from their experience of tampering with these duties, that any ' further increase of taxes would not add to the revenue.

A FURTHER CONCLUSION. But it seems to me that, this experience carries us to a more general conclusion. The people who have given up drinking whiskey and smoking tobacco have not done so because they have ceased to desire these things. They have done so because they couldn't afford to pay the extra prices for the same quantities. That means, therefore, that the taxable capacity of the working classes has been exhausted, and that any further taxation imposed upon articles they consume will result in diminished consump- tion. I don't think it is unwillingness to pay taxes which is the cause in the great falling-off in the consumption of spirits and tobacco since the increase, but that it is due to sheer want of means to buy the former quantities. THE COMING ISSUE."

At the end of the. present financial year the Chancellor of the Exchequer will find that his best friends have been the Super-tax and the Death Duties, and without these he would find himself without money to pay for Dreadnoughts or pensions. If the experience up to the present of the results of piling up taxes on the poor is confirmed by later results we shall have obtained a very valuable lesson in Tariff Reform. Mr. Balfour has laid down the issue of the next election, whenever it may come, as Tariff Reform versus Socialism. Mr. Balfour's s Tariff Reform is a somewhat nebulous idea, but we are sufficiently aware of his Party's intentions to know that they intend to broaden the basis of taxation by relieving the rich of super-taxes and death duties, and putting the taxes on everything the people use and consume. It doesn't matter much from the econoniic point of view, whether a imor man pays taxes on his tobacco or on his, boots, for in 'either case he is so much the' poorer for the tax, and has so much less to spend. If the people are too poor now to pay

more on tobacco, they are too poor to pay the duties which the Tariff Reformers would impose. So the certain results of Tariff Reform would be, as in the present case of spirits and tobacco, to reduce the volume of trade, and thus inflict widespread ruin on employers and employed. THE BUDGET IN "PUNCH."

Extracts from "The Budget A.8.C." in Wednesday's "Punch," over - the initials, A.A.M.

CORRESPONDENCE.

There are only two ways of writing letters just now. The first begins, "Dear Sir Baronet,—l humbly venture to enclose my little account," and ends with a respectful reference to the weather. The second is more important, and must be given in full :

999, Grosvenor Square, W. The Castle, Perthshire. Broaklands, nr Eversbot. Llwyupwllgcb, Dolgelly, Wales. Thomas Towers, Leicester. S.Y. Araminta. (*Strike out five of these.)

Dear Sir,—l much regret t'h'at owing to the increased taxation imposed by the Budget (which I shall never pay, as it is certain to be thrown out by the Lords) I am compelled to economise at somebody's expense, and that therefore I shall be unable to renew my subscription to your Children's Holiday Fund. You may also miss the beef at Christmas. Yours regretfully, MIDDLESEX. (Including most of the Embankment.) P.S.—I am sending a copy of this letter to the Press—all except the bit about the Lords.

Tariff Reform means Beef at Christmas. (ADvT.)

DUKES. (Hats ',LT please.) I want you to follow me very carefully here, because the position of the Duke is often misunderstood by tactless persons. Suppose that a Duke receives £200,000 a year for his services to the country. Now, at first sight, that seems a lot of money, and hasty people say, "Oh, we must tax this man heavily,he is' so rich." But let us pause and reflect a moment. What does he do with his money? He doesn't bury it or drop it down a well. No, he spends it; and by spending it he gives employment to the poor people of England whom we are all so sofry for. Suppose you take away £lO,OOO from our Duke in taxes. What is the result? Why, he spends £lO,OOO less! That is to say, the poor working people lose £lO,OOO worth of employment. So that in trying to tax a Duke you are really robbing the widow and the orphan, besides hurting th& feelings of a wiseiand kindly legislator! Ilriff Reform means Ilippier

===== 0002601_19091002_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
GEORGE, LLOYD-

Let us never forget in mentioning this person that ours is the "gentlemanly party." Our references to the little Welsh attorney who was educated in a Board. School must therefore be moderate. "Thief, Traitor, and Foul-mouthed Tub-thumper" is perhaps as far as we may go with propriety. Tariff Reform means more gentlemen. (Advt.)

===== 0002601_19091002_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
PROPERTY.

If this Budget is allowed to become law there will be ,no such thing as property. Your little patch of garden will be wrested from you. You may be in the middle of a game of croquet--actually in position for the third hoop—but that will not deter Lloyd- George. One of his hirelings will come and take the lawn away from you; as likely as not, he will pinch the mallets too. Tariff Reform moaus crovet for all. (ADvr.)

===== 0002601_19091002_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
SOCIALISM.

Socialism means— I. (actually) The nationalisation of the means of production and distribution; 11. (raughly) _Atheism, Free Love and

„ Death 'to Edward the Seventh; 111. (for the moment) Anything in the Budget. Tariff Reform means God save the King. (ADVT.)

===== 0002601_19091002_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
TARIFF REFORM.

After the lucid explanations of my adver- tisement manager it is hardly necessary for me to speak at any , length about Tariff neform. But in a general way it may be said that Tariff Reform means what the other side say the Budget means, only more of it (or less of it, as the case may be.) Tariff Reform also means Ellis Barker. ADVT.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
Z ZINC.

And so I arrive at Z. It is now generally admitted by all moderate thinkers that the Budget will ruin the Zinc Trade. Tariff Reform would establish it for ever. English- men, for which will you vote?

===== 0002601_19091002_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
CONFIRMATION FROM WARRINGTON.

It is possible to make best ' into better.' When first given this testimony from Warrington was of the best; hut now it is batter because it is confirmed by the test of durability. The following two statements are made by Mrs. M. • Allott, 32' Bostock-street, Bank Quay, IVarrinston, regarding the cure of her kidney trouble by Doan's pills The second statement was made over eighteen months after the first, and proves that the good Mrs. Allott, received from Doan's pills were lasting. First statement:—" For some years I suffered greatly with my kidneys," she said. "I used to get dreadful pains in the small of my back and between my shoulders; when I did any bending I found it a hard matter to get up again, and while I was doing my washing I often had to leave off and rest a bit. I was treated by a doctor for kidney complaint, but I didn't improve at all. "I was very bid at the time I beard of Deau's pills and I had to keep to my bed. With the use of these . pills I was soon able to get up, and gradually my health returned. I can now go about my work with ease, and I feel much better in all ways. I shall not fail to recommend Doan's pills. (Signed,) M. Allott." Second statement, made eighteen months later : "Since using Doan's pills I have kept very well," said Mrs. Allott to a representative. "I have great faith in the remedy, and always recommend it. I always keep some of the pills in the house." The genuine Doan's Pills give the sick kidneys just the help needed—they drive out ca the body all the liquid poisons that cause dropsy, urinary disorders, gravel, rheumatism, stone, sciatica, nervous ills, sleep- lessness and depression.

Doan's Bacluiche-liiiney Ma'am two shillings and ninepence per box (six boxes for thirteen shilling and ninepence). Of all chemists and stores, or post free, direct from Foster-McClellan Co., 8, Wells-street, Oxford-street, London, W. Do not forget to use the name, DOAN'S.

SIR WILLIAM HARTLEY AND CHURCH GIVING. Sir William Hartley presided on Saturday eight over a big meeting of Primitive Methodists at Black- burn in connection with the Primitive Methodist cen- tenary celebrations. Making an appeal for the centen- ary fund which aims at raising £250,000, he said that ha must own to some disappointment with connexional loyalty. All their enterprises had been hold back through lack of money, but all financial difficulties would disappear Hall their people willingly gave a definite share of that incomes. Many Primitive Methodists had told him that they could not bring their minds to support religious and philantropic move- ments with the liberality they luight, simply because tivi had not developed that disposition. What he advocated might take a great deal of doing, but he was convinced it was the only way. It was the greatest joy of his life when he gave everything to God and humanity. (Cheers).

- A CONTEMPTIBLE TRICK. Joseph Mooney, aged thirty-six, said to be a native of St. Helens, was charged at the Widnes Police Court, on Monday, with having stolen, whilst in lodgings at a Mrs. Murphy's, 3, Eieanor.street, Widnes, some time between March 4 and 5, from a box a jacket, vest, pair of trousers, and cap, Ile property of James Ready, a fellow-lodger, valued at El. 10s. From the evidence it was stated that the priconer got a woman to pawn the goods for Bs. 9d. Mooney denied taking the cap and vest. He said he was sorry for the offence, and was at the time in the horrors of drink. He was arrested in Bolton on Thursday. The bench said it was a most contemptible trick, and they had decided to send prisoner to gaol for two months' hard labour,

===== 0002601_19091002_art0101.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
(ADVT.)

===== 0002601_19091002_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
[ALL itionTs RESERVED.]

===== 0002601_19091002_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
WHOSE HAND?

DY ANNIE 0. TIBBITS.

Aunt! of "The Love that Won," "flutitei Dom a," "Hidden Hands," "The Fing.w. o Fate." "Robes of Shame." &e.

CHAPTER XXIV. Olga turned with a start. &lily sprang to Dick's side. " Dick, what is this—what is this?" hp said, hoarsely. "For heaven's sake tell zr,e it is true—tell me you know what you are saying." "I do," said Dick. "Geoffrey. she is not guilty. She has thought she was, but a scoundrel has been shielding himself behind her all this time, a scoundrel who was never even suspected. But we have got him now. his wife has confessed. It turns out that he married her bigamously, for her 'money. He has used her shamefully, and she has just undergone a term of imprisonment for a fraud he committed. - And now, finding that she is not his legal wife, she, is ready to con- fess. There is the murderer of Stephen Henderson !" _ _

Geoffrey nid.

Sam Perry was on his feet, and, as Dick pointed to him, he made a rush for the door. "It is a lie!" he ' shouted, and then was brought up with a start. Outside a row of policemen faced him. He turned blindly, at bay. The window vvas open. Ile made a rush and ran full tilt into Dick's arms. There was a struggle, and then he was handcuffed and placed securely between two policemen. Meanwhile the doctor was examining Olga, his fingers on her pulse and a frown on his brows.

"How long ace, is it that she swallowed the poison?" he asked Ethel. Ethel shook her head. "Not many minutes—oh, perhaps twenty minutes," she said.

"Are you sure it was p0130n?" he asked. Ethel lifted her head, and Olga gave him a startled glance. "Yes, I am sure," Olga replied. I know."

"I saw—

She stopped sharply. Tier eyes. had gone across the room to Julia, who still sat rigid and upright before the coffee-table. She had not moved since Olga began her story. She had sat quite still as they all had done, Listening, breathless. No one had thought to look at her. Now Olga suddenly started up- right and pointed. , Julia was sitting a little in the dark. Thc room was but dimly lighted, and a shaded Lamp behind her threw her face into the shadow. Even now it could not be clearly seen; but something strange about it startled them all.

The doctor walked across the room, ane theu suddenly, sharply, Edward, who, over- come by the horror of their failure to givf Geoffrey the poison, had stood as rigid as she, threw himself suddenly at her feet. " Julia! Julia!" he cried.

She gave no reply, gave no movement. Tier head was leaning a little back agsinst her chair, her arm still resting on the tray, the other hung downwards at her side. A small slip of crumpled paper had fallen from her fingers to the floor. A detective stepped for- ward and picked it up. He unfolded it care- fully. A few grains of white powder re- mained in the folds, and there was a queer grim look on his face as he folded it again. Edward caught at Julia's shoulder. "Julia! Julia! What has happened?" he cried.

The doctor thrust him away, and, bending, looked sharply at the grey-white face. The eyes, wide open• and glassy, stared back at him. The hand fell leadenly as he loosed it, and suddenly he began tearing the dress from her neck.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
"Coffee, ammonia, and whisky—quickly!" he cried. "It is Miss Dunston who has taken the poison. Be quick!" Dragging her up from her seat he began carrying her from the room. "Give me a bed for her at once," he cried. "Any one—if there arc only blankets on so much the better. We must be quick. She is not too far gone, I think, but we must be quick." He hurried away, leaving Olga and Geoffrey looking into each other's eyes. The detectives ordered the policemen to remove Sam Perry, and while one remained to in- quire into this new case the other went with his prisoner. Sam Perry gave One last desperate look round and then, stooping slightly, he crawled from the rcom with handcuffs on his wrists. _ _ - - -

As the door closed Olga put Out her hand to Geoffrey. " Geoffrey," she cried, faintly, "it can't be true."

Dick Sterry came forward and sat down opposite them. Mrs. Dunston and Edward followed the doctor with his burden, and Mrs. Verriker, feeling that she ought to go with them, went as far as the threshold: There she stopped and turne,d back. "1 can't; it is too much to expect," she cried to herself, and, turning again, she went and put her hand on Olga's head. - "My dear, you have saved My son's life to-night," she said, with tears in her voice. ".1 didn't dream that the world could hold such dreadful people. I didn't dream that you had had so many painful things in your life."

_ Geoffrey stretched out his hand. "Mother dear, sit down and hear what Dick has to say," he said. "There is another storj to be told, and a little more to be done before De- tective Grigg takes his prisoner away. Let us listen to Dick." Mrs; Verriker fell back in the chair Geoffrey held out to her, and Dick suddenly came forward and held out his hand to Olga. "I don't care whether you meant to mur- der that brute or not," he said. "I almost think if you had really done it I could have forgiven you. I've been hearing a lot about you to-day. I know how much you have coffered. I know how much you had to bear, and what you did for your mother, and how hard you worked, and how you went without the very necessaries of life in order to keep her."

"How do you know?" _cried Olga,. sharply.

"Mrs. SaM Perry told me," —said Dick, "or, at least, the woman who thought she was Mrs." Sam Perry did. She knew. After you left Greatbridge Hall, thinking you had killed Stephen. Sam Perry got his wife to watch you, and she did. And she has told me all she saw and knew to-day, and if she hadn't been under the influence of Sam Perry she might have helped you before now. But, anyhow, she has served her term," he added, and then turned to Ethel. "Have you told them what we did in town to-day?" he asked.

She shook her head, and then he gave them a brief outline of their visits to Mrs. Craw- ford and Mrs. Cathcart.

Olga started at the mention of the two names. "I thought Mrs. Crawford was dead," she cried. "When I left I left her the money unconditionally, but asked them to write and let me know how she was. They did continually, and she. was always the same. Then, one day. I got a card saying she died, and asking what they were to do with the money. I told them to keep it." "There has been a mistake somewhere." said Geoffrey; "but we will go into that later."

"And Mrs. Cathcart," cried Olga, "does she think of me still? I could not write to her, believing what I did. How could I, a murderess, as I thought, keep in communica- tion with a woman like that? She was SO good I did not dare. I could. not." Geoffrey took her hand in his. "No jury would have convicted you," be said. "But go on, Dick." Dick obeyed. "After we left Mrs. Cath- cart's," he said, "an idea occurred to me. She had mentioned the Perrys, and that they lived near her, and I determined to go and see them. So that when Ethel left me to go shopping I went back to Kensington and looked up Mrs. Sam Perry, as she called her- self.

"She had once been a very handsome woman, but alt:lough she is young still she looks worn and haggard. She was the woman "—he turned to Olga—" who drugged you when Henderson wanted to keep you quiet. Sam Ferry had juet married her, and

===== 0002601_19091002_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
she was a bold, dashing, hanlsome woman, ready to enter into his plans, to do anything for him as long as he treated her fairly. It was only when he betrayed her that she turned against him. She is as bad as he really, but when she was arrested and charged with - forging cheques and a few other things like that he deserted her and left . her to it. It was he wh) N, as guilty of the offences for which she was punished, but thinking, she was his legal wife she could do nothing, and he hal vanished. Now she wants to see him punished in his turn, and I think her evidence will convict him of the murder, of Stephen Ilea- derson."

Olga drew a deep breath that ended in an hysterical sob. "How—oh, how?" she cried. She and Perry were staying at the Hall at the time it happened, and Perry had had a series of violent quarrels with Henderson. Henderson had cheated him, as he eheatcd everybody, and Perry wanted money, and he. told Mrs. Perry that if he didn't get it ho would 'do ' for Henderson. _ _

"On the night of the murder she was in the garden when she )saw Perry go into the smoking-room through the open window. She herself went into the house, and as she crossed the hall she heard the usual quarrel going *on between Henderson and Perry. "She lingered for a moment at the bottom of the stairs, and then Perry came out, bang- ing the door behind him. I shall never get anything out :of him," he said, "unless I do something desperate; but he's in a mess. Who do you think has turned up now but that girl of his—his wife ! "

"Mrs. Perry was a bit staggered. Hender- son had told them she was dead.

"'But you leave things alone,' Perry said. Let him marry Miss. Sterry, and then we shall have our own game to play—anyhow, for a bit.'

"It wouldn't be for long, Mrs. Perry thought, because she guessed that what had happened in one case would happen in another. Henderson would rob his wife of her money and vanish. "Well, they went upstairs, and Perry waited for a little while; then he went down again. "Ho was away only a few minutes, and he came back trembling all over, and flung down a couple of bags and a cash-box upon the table.

" I've got it out of him at last,' be said. Fifteen hundred pounds. Pack it up in the box, tie some cord round it, and then go out and drop it in the pond at the bottom of the meadow. • Tie the string to some rushes and leave it, and don't ask me any questions.' "He was holding his hand behind him all the time he spoke, and when he had finished he turned round, holftrg something away from her, out of sight. She watched him curiously, and he swore at her. "' Do what I tell you,' he shouted, and be quick about it, and when you've dropped it in the pond come back as if nothing had happened.' He turned away from her, still keeping whatever he had from her sight, and went to the window. He opened it, and then she saw him fling something out into the night.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
**Afterwards, when the knife was found, she looked out and measured the distance, and guessed what it was he had had. in his hand. "It was the knife that had murdered Hen- derson! Hendeison, as you know, did not die of the shot wound, but of a knife wound. I suppose, as Miss Murray was ill while my trial was going on, she did not know that. It was that which got me off—the doctor's evidence which proved that the shot wound was only slight, and that the possibilities were that it was accidental—it was that which secured my acquittal, for the pistol was mine, and if it had been that which had killed him I could not have escaped. "I suppose you know what happened after- wards—how the .butler, bringing lights, dis- covered me there, staring at him, caught red- handed, as he thought, and how Sam Perry came downstairs and helped to giVe me into custody?

" Well, I think the woman whom Perry has deceived will help to prove that it was he who murdered Stephen Henderson. What evidently happeAed seems clear. He must have gone into the smoking-room and opened the door to find you, Miss Murray, just leav- ing. The footstep you thought you heard wae probably not fancy, but himself, Miss Murray. He saw you there, saw what had happened, and. saw Henderson lying en the floor. Then when you disappeared you pro- bablT stole in, meaning to rob him.

"A desk stood in corner of the room. Henderson kept money there, and the pro- babilities were that he had plenty there just then, so soon before his marriage was to take place. "So Perry stole over, thinking to rob hirr while he had the chance. But Hendersor was not dead, and not • even seriousl3 wounded, and he, no doubt, sprang up and tackled Perry, with the result that Perr3 stabbed him and bolted. The knife whict killed him was found outside, where I couk not possibly have put it, and Mrs. Perry't evidence will clear that—it will, I think and hope, clear everything, and then—and then—"

He broke off. Ethel had crept nearer to him, and was looking down into his face. "It is almost too good to be true," she whispered, and Olga, strung up, ill, faint, turned with a cry.

" Oh, it can't be true! Something will happen. I can't have lived with that night- mare all these years for it to leave me now. Oh, no, no, it will come again—it is sure to come again." .

GcofTrey caught her in his arms. "It never will, darling,' he ,said. "Wo have done with it for ever now."

Upstairs Julia Dunston lay weak, inert, lifeless. " The doctor had worked hard, Mrs. Dunston and Edward 'standing by, locking helpless, dazed, and stricken. • The doctor looked up at last. "Well?" Edward cried. " Well? " __ _

The doctor shook his head. ."-I-Can (10 no more," he said.

"You mepn that ehe will die?" Edward

===== 0002601_19091002_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
eauglik. bis arm; his face had grown wild, desperate. "You mean that she ivill die ? " he..repeated.

" ram afraid there is no hope," the doctor said. " I have done all I could, but it lino been of no avail. She does not rouse. She may, a little towards the end, but very little." Edward turned to the bed, and then gave a cry. " Look—look ! " he cried. "She is wak- ing now. You are mistaken. She will get better, after all. She is opening her eyes now."

She was indeed, but the doctor's face did not change. He turned to .Mrs. Dunstnn, and something about her—a strange and dreadful change in her—sent the blood from his heart.

"This has been too much for you," he said. "Come away for a moment." He drew her away, and made her sit down. Then he poured out a little brandy into a glass. "Drink this," be said, "before you go back."

Sho drank it, and then sat with her hands helplessly in her lap, and her once beautiful face turned to him. It was no longer beauti- ful now. Even the last remnant had left her with this night. Her cheeks were sunk and hollow and white, her big eyes wide and glassy and feverish-looking. She looked hag- gard. worn out, old.

"It is I who have done it—l who have mur- dered her," she whispered. "I tempted her. I hated Geoffrey. He was a usurper—here in my place. I would have murdered him my- self if I had had the chance. - Oh ! I would willingly have seen him die. At first, when the boat was lest, I hoped ho was drowned, for then Edward would succeed, and Julia would be his wife. He loved her. He laved her so desperately that he would do anything --anything for her, and I knew it, and I per- suaded her to tempt him. It wetild be so easy I thought. A little accident, and the estate would bo Edward's! It was I who tempted her and she who tempted him; and it was quite true--all that that girl Olga Murray said. They laid a plan; and she overheard. We intended Geoffrey to fall into the trap in the Bluebeard's chamber, but she saved him. We in teneed the 'poison for him to-night, and Julia bas taken it instead. She thought she had given it to Geoffrey, but Edward had taken the wrong cup. Providence inter- fered. Ho always • does, and we werr fools to fry to work against Him. - were fools, as all people are when they sin • but it was tempting. I had missed all this--all this wealth, this estate, everything by a hair's- breadth. An accident carried off Sir Henry Verriker only a week or two before we were to have been married. Oh! it was hard—it was bitterly hard. Can you wonder that I was tempted ? " She sat up, peering at him with her wild dark eyes and her pale face and her hair that still had in it a hint of red gold. She put her cold, shaking fingers on his wrist. "Can you imagine what it is to kill the thing you love 7" she went on. "I have killed Julia—my child! I tried to give her this, and I have sent her to her death instead. Why did I not do it myself? Why did I not kill Geoffrey with my own hands? It would have been better than this—better than to see

===== 0002601_19091002_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
her die. Jr would have been better for thO worst to happen to me than this." "Hush, hush ! " the doctor said, quickly. " You must not talk like this."

She laughed shrilly. "I tell you I had better have suffered the worst kind of death than have brought her to this end. I have been mad—mad and wicked and cruel. And I have been a fool. I thought to outwit Heaven, and it has punished me. Like a fool, I thought I could escape • punishment; and Providence has not only punished me, but my child as *ell."

Sho buried her face in her hands, and rocked herself to and fro. The doctor stood for a moment helpless. Then he put his hand on her shoulder.

"Mrs. Dunston," he said, "if all you say is true, Providence has punished you indeed, but He may yet give you a chance to redeem yourself. Your daughter is going now swiftly to be judged. Heaven is merciful, and will see how far she was tempted, how far she was weak. But you—you may yet work out your salvation and the salvation of your daughter." She lifted 'a face that was so wild and white that he fell back from it. " How? How 7 " she cried. "I don't know," he said, "but there is a great deal of work to do in the world. If you could nurse, I could help you. If you are sorry, and wish to work, perhaps I eciald help you.,, She rose unsteadily. "As Heaven is my judge, I will try," she began, and then stopped, arrested by .a movement at the bed. side.

Edward was leaning' over it -speaking to Julia. Her eyes were open, but before the doctor could reach her they had closed again. Edward gave a hoarse cry, and flung him- self face downward upon the bed. The doctor turned from the dead Julia to him, and looked at him with sudden sus- picion. He lay very- still on. his face. He turned him over quickly. " Great heavens!" he cried. A thin stream of blood had oozed out upon his shirt, and then he fell back. sharply. " He has stabbed himself!" he cried. Mrs. Dunston stood rigid for a moment. Then she threw up her arms. " Two lives on my head," she cried, wildly. "Two lives to answer for! Oh! Heaven can never forgive!"

===== 0002601_19091002_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XXV.

It was the end of the summer, and a glori- ous hot morning. The Hall garde-ns were a gorgeous mass of colour—of yellow sunflowers and red hollylicats, of phloxes anti lilies and carnations. Geoffrey stooped over one of the beds, and -plucking one held it out to Olga, who stood by his side. "What is it about a carnation being sweet ? " he asked. "'Carnations .sweet, and so are you. darling." He stood, catching her hand as she held it out for the flower and keeping it between his. "Olga," he added, " when are we going to be married. darlinn 7"

Geoffrey slapped him on the back.. "The sooner the better," he cried. Then, as Dick stared at him, he added: "The so,ner you decide to marry her the sooner Olga will de- cide to marry mo. Hurry her up, old man, and beg for a double wedding. It will wake Kennet up." "Kennet has been woke up enough for one year, I should think," said Dick, "but a wedding—and a double one—will round of things nicely. They want rounding off, Geoffrey. The thing haunts me like a night- mare still, and Julia's death and Edward's suicide—the remembrance still sends me cold."

"But everybody is forgetting . now,,, said Geoffrey. Things are straightening out, -ind even mother is getting quite bright 11,7ain. I was afraid it would make her ill, ;mit she was plucky, wasn't she? She felt she id Olga to look after, and that kept her lig. She had no time to think of herself ust °then, and if it hadil teen for her Olgz. would have been seriously ill, I think. Mother saved her, and herself too. Good old mother She won't approve of Ethel going."

"she won't go far," said Dick, "only next door—over the garden wall, in fact." "The garden wall is a mile off, all the same," replied Geoffrey. "They can't very well pop out and talk over it before break- fast."

Dick laughed a little. They can try," he said.

"I suppose they'll have to," retorted Geoffrey. They had reached the corner of the terrace wall, where the drive was just visible, and suddenly Dick stood still. "Geoffrey," 'he cried, "who is that?"

Geoffrey ' 'looked and raised - -1-11s'. brows sharply. "It's Mrs. Dunston ! What on earth can she want?"

At that moment Mrs. Verriker appeared at the window above them. She opened it and came out slowly..

"Geoffrey," -she said, "I've just had a visit from Mrs. Dunston."

"Well, mother ? "

"She came—to say good-bye, and to ask us to forgive her," she said. "She couldn't see you; the poor thing was too upset—too broken-hearted. She has changed terribly. She doesn't look the same; but, somehow, .I like the change." "She came to say good-bye?" Geoffrey cried. "Where is she going to?" "To London," said Mrs. Verriker. "Her furniture is to be sold and the money given to the vicar; he has, in fact, got charge of the sale. She has given him everything, and is going to London without a penny in her pocket to join some mission in the East End. She says she has many things to wipe out, and perhaps she has." "Perhaps she has," echoed Geoffrey, "but it seems strange to think of her working in a slum. I always feel as if I stood in her shoes —almost as if I had cheated her, poor thing. I always feel that I want to make it up to hes for coming into the estate, and yet I don't know how I can."

"No, you can't," said Mrs. Verriker, "and the work will be the best thing for her. Shit will forget everything in poor people'i troubles. I am glad she is doing that." "Dr. Grey said she would," remarked Ethel. "He told me so."

"Well, now come and have lunch," said Verriker. "I tried to persuade her tc stay, but I coUld not. She could not face ue all again—not yet, anyhow." "Perhaps we may go and see her in her slum," said Ethel, linking her arm in Dick's. "After we are married," replied Dick. "Who says we are going to ho married?" asked Ethel. "I do " said 'Dick.

Ethel 'stood still, looking into his eyes. "When shall it be ? " he asked, gravely.

"Whenever you like," ,Ethel —whierecl back.

And the double' wedding took place before many weeks were' over, while the summer was still in its glory, and before the autumn winds robbed the Hall gardens of their flowers. With the sun pouring full upon her Olga took into her hands, that were clean now, a man's life, and gave her own in ex- change. The two little Cathcarts were, her brides- maids, and the , two boys her pages. Ethel had an equal number, and she knelt - side by side with the girl she had once doubted, and who rose at last, Sir Geoffrey's wife, cleared of all stain and shame. __

Olga's eyes were full of tears when Geoffrey put her into the carriage at last. "Why, darling—wife—what is it?" ho asked, as they drove away. ".t is too much lutuDiness." she answered,

" Darlin-g wife, you couldn't have, too much," ne said. A burst of cheering answered him. They were passing the gates of the lodge where another crowd had assembled. As the horses drew up for a moment before the gates, a woman with a baby in her arms hurled a horseshoe into Olua's satin lap. II was Mts. Crawford's daughter. "For luck !" she cried. • [Tin ENDA

===== 0002601_19091002_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
She whitened a little, and then a slow pink grew in her cheeks. don't know," she whispered. "Let us settle it to-day," he said. " Dick suggested a double wedding. • Let's arrange it. There s nothing to stand between us now. The last act has been played out, sweetheart. Sam Perry was hanged at Greatbridge this ,morning." She gave a start, and looked up. "He is dead ?." she -whispered. "Yes, and he confessed. The dog-cart you saw outside an hour ago belonged to the law- yer. lie came to tell me what he said. Ho confessed everything." Olga drew a deep, unsteady breath. "So now, darling," Geoffrey went on, "there is nothing to stand in our way-- nothing to remind us of the Shadow of Shame Which once hung over us. Dick has been righted. His name is clear of stain. Every- thing is coming, right, sweetheart. There is even hope that poor old Mrs. Crawford will regain her senses now that we have got her here, where she can, see- you. Shall we walk over to her cottage this mornini,, and see how slie is? I believe her daughter will make a good gate-keeper for the new gates. Anyhow, as soon as the new lodge •is built, we'll put her in." Olga smiled. The colour was deep in her cheeks now. "Geoffrey, you are too good," she cried. "I am not worth all your goodness. Oh ! sometimes I still can't believe it is true," She 'looked round a little strangely, and Geoffrey put his arm round her waist. "You were always a doubter," he said. "I re- member on the boat you wouldn't believe in me. I believe you thought I was a phantom. Darling, how thankful I am that I am real, and that I've got you! Look up, darling, and say when." She looked up, but shook her head. "Let Ethel decide," she said. "That's a mean way of .getting out of IL" he declared, "but I'll leave it, anyhow,. un- til this afternoon. Mrs. Cathcart may help you to make up your mind When she comes. By the way, she said she could only stay a week, didn't she?"

Olga nodded. "She i afraid of the i!hildren worrying us," she said, "but they won't worry me. I—l think they will love me, though they have grown up since I taught them. Joan is fourteen now and May twelve and Jack ten. And the baby, who was only two when I was there, must be • nine now." _ _ _ _

"Let's have them for bridesmaids and things," said Geoffrey, suddenly, "and ,bribe, persuade, or force them to stay here until after we are married. What do you say, darling ? " Olga was laughing. "I should love it," she cried. She paused a moment, and then put up both her hands oa his shoulders. "Oh, Geoffrey, I am so happy," she said. "I never dreamt that it was possible to be so happy." Please Heaven our life shall be • better than a dream," Geoffrey replied. Then a shout made him turn. Ethel and Dick were coming over the grass towards them. _ _ _

"Top of the morning," cried Dick. He shook hands with Olga, and then they all four turned and walked over the grass together. Ethel and Olga were a little way ahead when Dick fell back. "You saw, of course, that that fellow wa3 hanged this morning?" he asked, in a low tone.

Geoffrey nodded. "And the lawyer drove over to tell me that he had confessed in full."

"He came to me too," said Dick, "and told me all about everything, and so now at last, my life is straight and clear, and I'm going to take Ethel directly you'll give her to me."

===== 0002601_19091002_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
Two *EMARKABLE CASES

OF

Indigestion & Liver Disorder

===== 0002601_19091002_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
CURED BY

0 E other I lgel9

yrup.

A young Irish soldier named David Murray, who lives at Todd's Row, Com- ber, County Down, Ireland, writing to the Proprietors of Mother Seigel's Syrup, on May sth, 1909, says:—

"I have thought that you might like to know about a very remarkable cure of Indigestion due to Mother • Seigel's Syrup. It was my own case. In the Autumn of 1907 I fell ill and could not make out what was the matter with me. My appetite, which had always been good, became very poor; sometimes for several days at a time I would eat a mere nothing. When I did eat a little food, it nearly always caused me dreadful pains in the chest and stomach. So I had to choose between pain and starvation. . .

" After a while I became so weak that I was fit for nothing but lying about and dozing. Then a new trouble came upon me, and my stomach would not keep down the food for more than a few minutes. No matter what I ate, it caused me to vomit almost at once. While in this condition, acting on medical advice, I took a mixture which relieved me a good deal. I thought I wai all right then, but, bless you! in a day or two I was as bad again as ever.

"It was through reading the newspaper .that I came to know about Mother Seigel's Syrup., According to what I read, some of the people that medicine has cured, suf- fered very much -the same as I did. So I made up my mind to try it, and bought a bottle. I had not taken more than three doses when I began to feel better, and the appetite for food returned. I could keep

He bent and kissed her, in spite of the fact that the crowd gathered in the Kennet streets might see, and kept his arm round her as they drove back to the. Hall.

Throughout tne United Kingdom and also the British Colonies it would be difficult to find a village, or even a street of over twenty houses, in which there do not reside persons who frankly state that they owe their present good health to the old and world-famous remedy, Mother Seigel's Syrup. The extent to which this well-known remedy is used as the regular family medicine, for all those troublesome ailments which arise from stomach or liver disorder, would be surprising were it not for the fact that this root and herb extract has established itself as a popular favourite, by reason of the remarkable cures it has effected all over the world. Here are two cases in point :

down the food I did eat. When I had taken the medicine for about a week, I was quite well again, and have remained so from that day to this. I took less than one bottle of the Syrup and still have the remainder of it by me. I feel very grateful for the good I got from your medicine."

An equally striking case is that of Mrs. Dnich, of 45, Middle Street, Hastings. In a letter dated April 20th, 1909, she says, amongst other things "About thirteen years ago I began to suffer from Indigestion. Shortly after every meal I would be taken by an awful pain at the chest, as if I were being suffocated, and this would go on, becoming more violent every minute, until I vomited. Then relief would come; but it would last only until I had eaten again, and the 4 the misery would be repeated. I became wretchedly -ill and weak, and had careful medical attendance, but nothing seemed to help me. "That was the condition I was in when I tried Mother Seigel's Syrup, and its effect upon me was wonderful. After taking a few doses of the Syrup I could eat with no dread of pain to follow, and by the time I had taken two bottles I was entirely cured.

"During the thirteen years which have passed since my cure, I have several times taken Mother Seigel's Syrup, not for quite the same purpose but as a sort of 'pick- me-up,' as I regard it as a grand tonic. It braces one up in a marvellous way. I wouldn't be without it."

These letters are typical of tens of thousands received by the Pro- prietors of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and their genuineness can easily be proved by anyone who will take the trouble to do so. To any fair-minded person they cannot fail to establish the merit of this old family medicine. Indeed the very fact that Mother Seigel's Syrup with its record of over forty years' unbroken success, has stood the severest of all tests—the test of time— should convince the most sceptical that there is some great merit or quality in this root and herb extract which is not found in any other medicine known to the public, and which accounts for its world-wide popularity and success in citing disorders of the stomach and liver.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

Flcors Castle.—The Prince and Princess of Wales are expected to pay .their long promised visit to the Duke and Duchess of Roxburghe, at Floors Castle, Kelso. The Duke's friendship with the Prince is one of long standing,and he accompanied His Royal Highness on his Colonial tour in the Ophir. The Duchess—formerly Miss May Goelet---is the richest of the three American reigning Duchesses, and is understood to have inherited a fortune of £5,000,C,00 on her father's death in 1901. The Duke first met his wife in London, in 1898, and married her in 1903. The Duke and Duchess have spent a fortune in. restoring their Scottish seat, where Royal guests have frequently been entertained. Queen Victoria visited Floors Castle in 1867, and the King and Queen, as Prince and Princess of Wales, the Duke of Edinburgh, the Duke of Albany, and other Royal personages have also stayed there. The Duke of Connaught. —There is some idea that the Duke of Connaught will succeed Lord Aberdeen as Lord Lieutenant of Ireland. The Duke and Duchess were very popular in Ireland, during the time His Royal Highness was commander of the forces, and in a sense he may be said to belong to Ireland. The Duke takes his title from one of the provinces and one of his Christian Dames is that of the patron saint of Ireland. This be owes to the visit which Queen Victoria and ,Prince Albert paid to Ireland in 1819. The Duke was born on May Ist in the following year. That was the anniversary of the birthday of the Duke of Wellington, from whom the baby prince took his first name, Arthur, and the great soldier Duke was onesof his sponsors. Our. Alleged Summer.—lt seems to be only Ireland, notably the west and south, that has enjoyed a really fine summer, and that at least cannot be counted another injustice to the distressful country. For the rest of the Britisll Islands the 'summer has been. more or less a dismal fraud, with many more wet and unsettled days than are usually our allotted portion. The Mark Tapleys have been saying all along that a glorious time was coming to redress the summer's failure, and, despite the fact that a wet summer usually brings no settled fine autumn, they still promise us a fine October. A second summer they suggest, regardless of the fact that few of us arc aware of having had the first. We must hope it will be so, and if things do not improve next year we can put it down to Halley's comet. Comets invariably get the credit of bringing disasters, and if we have a severe winter, or another bad summer, our celestial visitor will surely be blamed for it. Concerning Superstition.—Although of late years superstition generally has been slowly growing less, there still remains a decided antipathy to the number thfrteen. And this antipathy is almost universal, the Turks especially so disliking the word that it is never used ,by them. With its, the number thirteen is frequently missing from the streets, as it is from rooms in hotels, and cabins on liners, and few hostesses, even in these enlightened days, would venture to arrange their dinner table for thirteen persons. Another super- stition to which many cling is the undesirability of spilling salt, especially when it is being passed from one person to another. The origin of this superstition is veiled in mystery, but this we do know, the Romans certainly believed in it. An Old Country Custom.—ln many parts of the country the custom of "telling the bees " of any ill. fortune, or trouble overtaking the house, is still faith- fully carried out, and the following story bearing on this custom comes from a remote part of Devonshire. A few weeks ago, a farmer there died, and his successor proved to be a person all unvetsed in the habits and customs of bees. Again and again he was warned that unless the bees were told of the farmers' death, they would resent the omission,. but the sceptical one only laughed and said he was willing to run all siske in this direstion. In due course the estate was sold, and the bees came" under the hammer." When however the purchaser made his way, a little later, to the hives, it was found that not one bee had remained to be sold or "taken."

Al-dOint of Fashion.—Judge Emden recently remarked that there ought to be a Court of Fashion to settle dress disputes. "In view of the many eccentr'cities of fashion" he said, "there ought to be a court of arbitra- tion where all fashion eccentricities would be under- Stood." The particular eccentricit3 which Judge Emden could not understand on this occasion, was the difference between an Empire and a Princess gown, the customer saying she had ordered the one and been supplied with the ether. This idea of a Court of Fashion is not new. as it has been tried in Fiance, and its being adopted here would be generally welcomed by the dressmaking firms in London. They say It is easy for dissatisfied customers to exaggerate any slight defects in a new garment and by making these a conspicuous exhibition in Court, they can generally persuade the judge to decide in their favour irrespective of the general merits of the case.

Sleeves —So far there is little new to chronicle hi the way of sleevss. AU are tig'itly fitting from shoulder to wrist, th 3 only difference lying in the arrangements of the fabr'c. The woman possessing thin arms clings to the pleated or racked varieties, while the " chubby " arm is clothed in plainer an't more simple fashion. One point-, however, calculatea to interest and delight the impecunious, is the Per" mission granted them by leading modistes, to have sleeves of different fabric to the remainder of the gown They must match precisely in colour, but the material may be exactly what the renovators choose. How to Look Taller thin we are.—A generous length of limb as we well know, is invaluable in the world of modes, but a point so many less-favourei girls andr women apparently fail to grasp, is the possibility o making themselves appear more lengthy than theY really are. For instance, much may be gained by having dresses and costumes of one material onlY; preferably in light tones, with all lines running up ana down ; by avoiding the square yoke, also belts of con- trasting hue; by selecting tall-crowned and somewhat narrow hats, sharply upturning at one side; by never wearing ruffles or tall flutings • and by having sit indoor gowns built upon Empire lines. Thq hair shonlo be dressed high and only slightly puffed out at the sides, and as far as possible "tall colour schemes " such' as pink, white, cream, ohampigne, and light green, should considered. Brown shortens, so also doei black. Further, shiny fabrics are better than dull ones. the former reflecting the light making the wearers appear taller. The " Cap " Coiffure.—To turn, almost in a single day, from the be bouffant coiffure, with its curls and waves, to a perfectly sleek head, the hair being simPII drawn to the nape of the neck, and brought loosely. forward " cap ' fashioti, is a serious business. 49/ course when abundant" natural material " falls to our lot, or abundant pin money with which to purchase " acquired " tresses, one's path is eased considerably, but for the less endowed the present sharp veer roold is indeed an anxious affair. The necessary Hal straight fringe is invariably "acquired," few girls an' women posseising courage to cut hair they have se carefully cultivated and tended during the past two or three sears. Mrs. Langtry's Novel.—Lady de Bathes promised novel "All at Sea" has now been published by Messrs. Hutchinson. In this, the author, formerly Mrs. LangtrY describes the adventures of a pretty woman who gee° on a voyage with her husband. The chief feature of the story is, that by mutual arrangement they keep apart on the boat, and pretend not to know one another, she Posing as a widow, and he as a bachelor. The complies" tions that arise, as may be imagined, are very enter' taming. • MADGE'

===== 0002601_19091002_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
THE OC CODER " WONIAN AT HO IE."

We have had occasion before this to refer to tb! excellence of the new series or" Woman at Home, and have again groat pleasure in calling attention to the October Dumber, which fully maintains the high standard set by the previous issues. A special feature, is the eight page coloured Fashion Supplement. showing the latest continental fashions in dainty tints, mil the bumber generally, we have no hesitance in affirming, is the fiuest magazine for ladies we have ever seen.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0115.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19091002_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
Moore.

131 G FAr.i Fini-L—About two o'cleck on Wednesday 4a,,orning a fire broke out in one of the corn hays at Mr. hottas Percival's farm at Moss Side. The Warringt9n -:',tigaie were telephoned for and arrived in a very short mme to fiad that the fire had g.lt a good hold and was llot extinguished until nearly noon. A very large quantity O-f hly and corn was destroyed, also two carts were completely burned. The damage is estimated at ZtbCnt t' 1 ,CDO. •

===== 0002601_19091002_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
Culcheth.

,HArtv FESTIVAL AT Tv is G EEN.—Harvest l'ianksgiving services were held in tte Tvviss Green I,l3depencint " Methodist Chapel on Sunday, when Mr. 'Award R.llirrhs, of Westhoughton, • preached in the „Irlit'rning sad evening. In the afternoon a servic3 of "The roll call " was creditably rendered by the ueL.oir, the solc.s.ists being Mis. J. J. Hunt, Miss Kenyon, Runcorn, and Mr. H. Overton., Mr. H. Ralphs being "0▪ 3 reader. '1 he marning anthem was "The sower went trtb to sow," and at the evening 'service Miss Griffiths 6WEetly sang the solo" Sun of my soul." The chapel vas tastefuHv decorated. Mr. ll.Griffiths of Manchester resided at the organ. On Monday evening the fruit and Lelters wee sold', the flowers being sent to various ,vLuaritable institutions. Ihe total collections, including 'Lae proceeds from sale of fruit, etc., realized over £5.

Grappenhall. - I.,PRAPPENHALL DISTRICT NUL-ISL.:Cr ASSOCIATION.— 'l",,e annual meeting was held at Grappenhall Hall on '441. esday. Present :—Mr. and Mrs. Frost, Mr. and Mrs. ster-Kave. Mrs. Long, Mrs, Shipman, Nliss Appleton, Massy, Miss Barrow, Mrs. Wilde, Mrs. Hutchins, • R. C. Parr.—ln the absence ofaMr. Long (the Dresident) Mr. Frost was voted to the chair.—Letters 71 apology were reed front Mr. Curran, Mrs. Parr, Mrs. 4 avies,and Mrs. Mai.den.—Mr.Long was re-elected presi- t"t ; Mr. Lister Kaye, secretary ; Mr. R. C. Parr, n_teasurer.—The Secretary's report showed that Nurse ,had paid 1,943 visits, and the Treasnrer Ported a balance in the bank of £6 is. 2d., the total illloant collected being £95 16s. sd.—A discussion took 'ace as to whether the nurses services should be charged Or, and it -was decidel to charge according to the :seatal of houses, and that the Working Committee draw a scali-.—Mr. Frost 81:mice highly of the services of tiiT nurse, and stated that he had heird many good 61ngs about her, but not one word of complaint, and Moved a vote of th.ants to her, which was heartily carried.—lt was decided that the Working Committee :48 the n-,rse power to supply- simple medicines. A ate of thanks was passed to the Chairman for presiding.

Padgate. • itiIDEPENDENT ORDER. OF RECHARITES.—A vers.' ; letesting ren-eting in connection with the 'Excelsior" 'Pt of tielr's order was held in the Pedgate Werleyan i')!Ilool on Friday the 24th alt. presided over by Bro. rnqlhays, the District Chief Ruler, who gave a very ell%Piring address euethe work and advantages of the ge.er. A presentation of a beautifully framed Pest i'lef Ruler's certificate was made by Bro. Longshaw bro. J. Worrell for the excellent services he had ipdered to the order for over 2A years'. Bro. S. Gallop .estrict Superintendent of the Juvenile tent also made a preientatien on bahalf of the juvenile tent to Bro. .Zalter Hichara who is the first member from the ;1le41:1ile tent to pess through all the chairs of office in !a adult tent. A very interesting musical programme 8 gone through during the evening, Mr. D. Gladding an'irse an excellent rendering of" RE meo and Juliet °INI Cladding sus equally successful in (- An Love song." A duet entitled "Shepherd 4"g "was beautifully sung by the Misses Wadding, elld Air. W. Kenyon the well-known Culcheth humorist, ated rears of laughter by his rendering of "Can't Yeti take my word s Dinah said Yah" " Lucky Jim" 441kid„a recitetion entitled " The two bootblacks." Mr. who acted as accompanist also gave a ;Illaoforte solo. During the evening refreshments sereed and a very enjoyable evening was spent by Present. ESI.EY GUILD SOCIA t.—The radgate Wesley Guild l:4llenrateil the winter session on Thursday by a SOCaI" evening which was largely attended. The icasion was also marked by a visit from the Moose Cec,.8103 .id—the youngest branch in the Warrinton •4Cla. 3, • bO sete 1,54 areeegee for te_ . cal A, `. • delectetion of the artistic tastes of the members -04( frit ads. Miss Lawton and Mr. Cartwright f Moore; Mason and Mr. D. Cladding Padgate being responsible for thc rzuslcsl items.; were rendered in their usual finished ask and continued applause. Mr. Lawtcn of Moore -tC° used the audience with his grotesquely funny spe7clr. Ihe physical needs were not forgotten. tt% ccial Committee bad prepared refreshments to t It all tastes and these viands rapidly disappeared vder the determined onslaught made upon thew A , itirY delightful and enjoyable evening was spent under presidency of the Rev.T.Gladding,nnd opportunities twsre afforeed for conversation and friendships were eetleNsed m,..1 formed I etween thekosts and their guests. i;Lle.% interchange visits, which are arranged from to time, are very valuable in promotirg that unity 01 comradeship among the members of various tilleches of the Wesley Guild, which is one of the ideals the Guild movement. Various competiticns were and the latter section of the programme consisted Is games. We may say that the officers of the Wesley oUild chave ie.:ranged a syllabus .of exceptional merit the winter session the four sections—Devioral, .listian Service, Literary and Social—having vied Oth. each other in friendly rivalry to provide the very to be obtained in their respective. departments. 'e trust the Geild will have a very successiul session. Croft. vIRVE,T FES-UV:IL AT THE CHERCII.—Th9 annual I;4liksgiving services for the ingathering of the harvest e held in Christ Church on Sunday. Corn, fruit, e,„'s'ers and vegetables were sent by friends in abund- tn) arid the decorations were skilfully carried out by ladies of the congregation. In the morning the -s-s.s conducted by the Rector (the Rev. H. I. lelldeeen) and in the afternoon and evening the pulpit cecepied by the Rev. E. Rigby. of Golborne. I:Pecira hymns, end the anthems "Tne earth is the I.,°,,red7s" (Sirsper) in the morning, Ye shall dwell in the (Stainer) in the afternoon, and "Let us thenk" "'Per) in the evening were sung with effect by the tdh,,sir, the solo at the evenleg service "The earth which L'llllietb in the rain," being rendered with great taste PA Mrs. Sylvester. Mr. Husdus presided at the organ. i" offertories, which were on behalf of the church Ilads, erecucted to £l3 Os. 6d. DJIOII SG Seel ETY.—The fourth annul. meeting end eze elstributicin in connection with the Cr' ft Homing tri)iciety trek place at the ,bredqunrters, the General Ar'iott Hot El, on Saturday. 'Mr. E.W.Sankey presided. Itj•P. Abhey (s.ecrettLe) •presented his statement of ttciosnts fcr the past year, which showed a substantiel t:iance in band. The Chairman distributed the prizes t:,the sec:essfol members, upwards of eighteen guineas t'lng Emerdcd. For old birds F, Fazekerly secured the pliorls rc e.rize • e •—roseh Worcester, first 13th, third '-e- • 4etl, v,co;:d Weymouth, fiat and fourth e:,-ersc.cs rod sscond Nentes ;J. Ilardeinson first and ri'°td Worcester, fourth Bath, fourth B,u.ne e - t,"uth, and first ‘Veyrnouth ; S. IL SvAey, 4„-2nd Deft, third Weymouth, seccni End third tey; E. W. Sankey, first Bournemouth; J. ~..2___'ittnert op, third Wercester, third Bath ; and 'second

li.ts

===== 0002601_19091002_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
COMPLETELY CURED.

tiPPERED WITH KIDNEY TROUBLE OR TWELVE YEARS, AND CURED BY t DR. MORSE'S INDIAN ROOT PILLS. to,„,

I had always enjoyed good health up to ,`lge time I was 21," writes Mr. A. Sampson, la Jubilee Street, Bedminster, Bristol, when ihad a severe attack of Scarlet Fever, which tII.t me with kidney trouble. I suffered from complaint for 12 years. About three years 'go Dr, Morse's Indian Root Pills were brought ader my 'notice, and I was recommended to LrY them. I gave the Pills a fair trial, and lam 1t4(377 completely cured. I am a bricklayer by litade, which necessitated me stooping a great 041 ; this no doubt aggravated the disease; but h" the present time I am enjoying perfect health. Irought about, I am certain, by Dr. Morse's ,Ildian Root Pills. I recommend them to all Y friends, not only for the kidneys, but also for Zo,listipation and Indigestion. You may make 'nat use you like of this testimonial." 1. Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills get at the cause cleansing the stomach, purifying the blood, to lid aiding the digestion and assimilation of lcl.d, and are a positive and permanent cure for Zlu4gestion, Biliousness, Constipation, Impure •ood, and Female Ailments. brlold by Chemists and Stores, price 1/11 per 'tie, or The W: H. Comstock Co., Ltd., a Farringdon Avenue, London, E.c. •

Bournemouth; T. Abbey, firct Nantes, third, fourth and fifth Nantes. For young birds, J. Hankinson secured first and second Worcester, first and second Gloucester, second for 2nd Gloucester and second and fourth Bath; Mr. E. W. Sankey won fourth Worcester, third Gloucester, first in 2nd Olcucester and first Bath; S. 11. Sankey, fourth Gloucester, third in 2nd Gloucester, fourth Bath; J. Su innert on. thit d Worcester; T. Abbey, fourth Gloucester. F. Pazakerley won the Cup for the hest old bird's avenge and E. W. Sankey secured the cup for the -best young bird's average. Mr. E. W. Sankey, on behalf of the members of the society, pre- sented a handsome silver-mounted walking stick to Mr. Pearson as a token of esteem.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
s`,, •

DISTRICT rrwr

===== 0002601_19091002_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
Stockton Heath.

FUNERAL OF MRS. CARTWRIGHT.—The funeral took place in the Hill Cliffe graveyard on Monday afternoon of Mrs. Cartwright, wife of Mr. James Cartwright, licensee of the Birch and Bottle, Whitley. The chief mourners were Mr. Jams Cartwright (husband), Messrs. H. and S. Cross (brothers). Messrs. Jennings and Turner (brothers-in-law), Mr. john Girt wright (uncle). Mr. James Cartwright (cousin), Mr. W. Cross (nephew), and Messrs. T. Boscow and J. Waldron representing the Warrington and District Licensed Victuallers' Associa- tion. The 1-earers were Messrs. James Barker, L. Mather, T. H. Howard and William Sparks. Mr. James Whitley, of Stockton Heath, conducted the last rites.

FATAL FALL DOWXSTAIRS.-Mr. T. Ridgway held an inquest at Stockton Heath, on Thursday en the body of Margaret M`Leish, wife of -Robert M`Leish, ironmoulder, Leonard-street, who died on Wednesday as a result of falling down- stairs. The husband stated that he went to bed early on Tues:--ay night, leaving his wife in the kitchen. At different times she drank a good deal. Early on Wednesday morning he heard a fall, and on proceid;ng downstairs found his ,wife lying at the bottom bleeding from the mouth. He went for a doctor, but death took place before his arrival. There was no stair-rail. The jury returned a verdict of "Accidental death," and recommended that houses of this description should have a stair-rail put in.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
Penketh.

LIBERAL CLUB.—lre first meeting of the winter session took place at the above club on Tuesday evening Mr. J. H. Mainley presided over a good attendance of members and friends. Mr. D. Ridzard, of Warrington, rave an address on "The history of the Warrington Volunteers from 1798." The address was very inter-

esting and a vote of thanks to the lecturer proposed by Mr. J. Leiph, end seconded by Mr. D. Matthews, which was carried, brought the meeting to a close, GARDEN SHOW MEL-LING.—Tie 16th annual meeting of the Peeketh, Sankey and District Garden and Cage Bird Society was held in the infant school,Warrington- road, on Thursday of last weel- The meeting com- menced at 8 o'clock and was presided over by Mr. W. Woods. After the minutes of the last meting had been passed, the secretary, Mr. J. J. Foden, gave his report of this year's show which \VAS held August 14th, in which he said that the show Lad been the bEst the society had held. There bad been more exhibits and the sports, wh'ch had been introduced for the first tune, had been a great success. The conunitt9e and officers were then elected. There was a general discussion as the result of which several rules are to be revised. The successful exhibitors then received their prize money . .

The re-elected officials and committee are :—Presi- dent : Mr. J. B. Aitken ; committee : Messrs. T. Be!!, R. Lcng, G. Faulkner, W. Moores, J. Mocres, E. W. Clare, D. Bonelull, J. Hampson, E. Houghton, S. Andrews, J. Carman, R. Aldcroft, W. Woods, J. H. Davies, J. Edgerley, H. Bingham, E. Davies; John J. Foden, general secretary ; T. Pennington, assistant secretary ;Dr. Murray, treasurer. HARVEST FESTIVALS.--The harmst thanksgiving services were held at the Wesleyan Chapel on Sunday. Corn, fruit, flowers, vegetables had been sent by friends in abundance and the decoraticns were skilfully carried out by the willing tend of ladies of the congregation. The preacher in the morning was the Rev. T. Gunnell. The special music vs as a very attractive feature. In addition to anthems by the choir special hymns were also sung. At the evening service the Rev. Thomas Gladding preached and spoke upon the lessons that. could be derived from the harvest. Both morning and evening discourses were listened to with the closest attention to large congregations. Mr. George Weaver presided at the organ at both services. _ _ _ _

The harvest fesaval service was held at the Church Mission on Wednesdly evening. The nnetuary was tastefully decorated with corn, fruit, flowers and vegetables, Sze. by the Misses Tinsleys, Miss Gilbert, Mesdames Gilbert, DucLill and Pennington, and great credit is due to them. Baskets of beautiful ferns were kindly lent by Miss Bolton. The Rev. H. P. Hiscoke, vicar of St. Ambrose, was the preacher and took for his text Psalms cxxvi. 6v. "He that goeth forth and weepeth, hearing precious seed, shall doubtless come again with rejoicing. bring'..ng his sheaves with him." Mr. J. Hall read the lesson. Miss Standish presided at, the organ and special hymns were sang. An offertory in aid of Mission expenses was talten.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
Lyrnm.

BUDGET t7gEASINESS AT LI 7:.1.-70n September 11th we 'published a paragraph under the above title. Mr. 11. Pearson, Booth's Hill, has since written us to say that we were mistaken in reporting Mr. H. Carey clfi one of the speakers, as he was not present. Our correspondent also :fates that Coutcillor Groves did not object to the meeting taking place at Newfield, but that the venue of the meeting WS GLanged at the f3riggestiort pf the si "

111101.11 Et) 011 PftnITTIVE ATETHOLIaT harvest festival festival services were held at the above place of worship on Sunday last, the church having been tastefully decorated for the occasion. The preacher was Mr. J. Manley, of Bowdon, who conducted the set vice the afternoon at three o'clock and also in the evening at 630. On Monday evening the Lyman Primitive choir rendered the cantata "Amongst the corn " which was much appreciated by the congregation. The choir was rider the conductorship of Mr. T. M. Eastbam. Collections were taken at enh service for the Trust Fund.

DEATH OF Miss Fox.—lt is with deep regret that we record the death of Miss Miss Fox which took pier-3 at her residence, Brookfield, Lymm, on Thursday morn- ing at the age of 75. She wes the Lady Bountiful of Lyman and her qu'et end beautiful life and her goodness amoegst the poor cannot be too warmly appreciated. She was a life-long worshiper at the I.ymm Parish i Church and gave the beautiful clock now n the tower. She will he missed mostly at the Statham School which she bad at heart so much. One of her brothers was Colonel Fox, of Comberbach, formerly of the 3rd Cheshire Volunteers, and soother Captain Fox,forraerly of Statham Lodge, whose son, Mr. Vigor Fox,is nephew to the deceved lady. BUDGET MEETING AT OUGHTRINGTON.—A meeting in support of the Budget was held in the Oughtrington schoolroom on Tuesday evening. Mr. J. Ratcliffe of Heatley occupied the chair. The Chait.nan in a brief speeab proposed a resolution in support of the Budget and called upon Mr. Robert Lewis, of the Lan—ibtre and Cheshire Liberal Federation, to second.—Mr. Lewis dealt forcibly and dearly wits the various pro- posals embodied in the Budget, rid very lucidly explained the clauses relating to 'and texation. He cited several instances of inadequate rating in cooper • tion with large estates and showed the great extent of benefit that would rightly accrue to the State under the new lend texation. There was no doubt that the audience with perhaps a few exceptions were heartily in agreement with the 'dews he propounded. Mr. James D. B. Smith supported the resolution.—The resolution was then passed and carried unenimously. The meeting terminated with a vote of thanks to the chairman and speakers proposed by Mr. .3. Webb jun., and seconded by Mr. H. Brookes. OM-WM..I.O\CE' VISIT.—The District Officers of the Independent Order of Oddfellows (M.U.) paid their cificial visit to the" Trafford" Lodge, Lymra, on Saturday, when there were present—Prov. Grand Master G. F. Freeman, Prov. Deputy Grand Master T. P. Forbes, P.P.G.M. Frank Webster (C.S.), P.P.G.M. T. F, Pira !slaw, Past Grands H. Whitelegg, J. Po rester, J. Bractlkurn, N. G. Copeland, V.CI, Mac• lachlar, and °amis.—The Noble Grand welcomad the district officers, and alluded to' the excellent manner la which they gvided)the business of the district generally. —Prey. 0 rand Freeman referred:o the excel!ent man- agement of the different ledges of the district which, he said, tended to strengthen their position both numerically and financially. He expressed a hope that the same good feeling and support that he bad received in the past would be given to his deputy, as January next would no doubt see him occupping the position of Grand Master of the District. Be was pleased to say that the district generally was in a good, strong and healthy condition and the tendency was decidedly on the upward graee. (Applause.) P.P.G M. Frank Webster, the corresponding secretary of the district gave a resume of the financial standing of the district which was very satisfactory. He was glad to say that the lodges of the district were holding their own in the friendly society world.—P.G.H. Whitelegg alluded to a church parade and lodge dinner to be held shortly.

Tor ROW

!—Mr. Price. Knight, Pemberton, Fackett, Collins, Houghton, Ratcl:ffe, Ashton and Mr. I. Bowen P(}l-NM Row Creegan, Burns, Howard, Stinger and Clarke.

- ',..'...e. ...i.:., ~ . . ...,...,;.::,..< ,7.1,44.:•.. ::-...:tak .•.':. :k.l-...?..tzt. • ~...,:,,,,*,..?.?F,44iiik..:..... , - , ----, ..••/:':..::::-.#4•410.V11. ......'f,..,;..;40...:4..f4,,.: ..7 :,.,..,27::.*k.,a41.-* ~,,:li Oi -:1-!..i..-.. 01/4 .--,., ..,....,.... ...•.--.5',' .tf.:',4;t4l. I.T:. .:t *...' • • . --'• ..,:,. .., is.' . • -'...`.....::•)---.,•-'7 .... • i:lV'ttt..'i...-ii--;I ~..t.,....1i!...!:.,.,!..i.:..]..:.,:,,,,.,.:.,...,.„•:...,..,.ii..:0•1]0.:.1.,......;.., . .<...:,.;;PgiftiN,...':::.:.,..•,•,:. .... :,,- ~. - ..- 1.. ....,..vik,ak,.. . ...., . ~,:.....----,..,...-.,-.„;.-.--.:.,:.4041,..tk.., ..3%),;.„.7.:-.:,..-4, ....,....,....--....---..,..,.,.' •.:. ...... .-.4...4,:i.:::..:',..,;:.N.4-::';il.o4evs:. 1-5:::.''.. ' ''.-.-..1.:..,,,,,;7 ~ ~, . ~,., . . -.' ....7 -,•,...„..i.„„::;.::..; *.:•.i.:',.''".:'''':-.....::..::..1,..'.-,,,,;::' ~.:,:!'iri.,l.4.:•••'''.• 1'.,..,.•:.,..•,,. ..:: ' - .7: ~ ~.. ... :::„.. ~.. '..4..;:76.1`,.',.:T' . -.. , , ' • -:.41,...::::'.7:-Awm-i-,,:'.41.,:..,:'4":.',',..-"*it.::- :::...' ~ -s. 4, :....i!1 ' ;4;:•...,% ..'.:7-., i. . , ..- ~,„. fi....,-A, .. . ~. . ..-....,.,, _,....z. , . .:tr.' - - -•:,:.,.,...,..:. ~ ~.-:---- ,4,:-...,i'. - :,. ,;.,,,-.7 ..'..-.,•.,,,,..:::.,.,.:1':.:.,-:.--•:. ~... ti..,:t.:;.._,....i...-..;!,,.,--tzlii..-0:4.-2.....,;,.....,,5,-..:.:-;..!:,.:,-.2.,:-!..t,,,-:.4.77,..=.,-,,,..---4:.:,...::;,,..,:1.. .-•,,,,.:.-tii.....g.-.,,,:i*:,...:,....;„::,:..,..);,.--..:4;,,1.-,--:-.,5-,:,,.....,..::::-;.,.:,:vkigt.; .....:..A-.71!..?.....*::7.---.4,-',..... e .::,..44:441.4:::.,...!;,:. igt-4.-.--.- ::.--,;:,,,,,..,..;!:,,,..,.-,.:.;:!-:g.:, )ti.,.,....--,iiit...t..,,........:.-,:;4•77.--..- ' -;-:Y.:::,.. ,_•-,,, • :: .:44$ _....-:;4,4ti1#0..if.:4,x .' '4.: ...,..::',-.,---:i.f.tt, :,:0i,...t.,.- ,-..i,4,,1tzik&,.;,,* Q:,.......:. - ''''...4Alit?i'. ..agikidtrft,4 'i ... :4;.f , ~;:i..;<:','..17;:t. .. . ~..,„,.......:01140414!::4,ZittiP4k.4 " ...:47....:-:.i.t:14. i'...:',1-. .......g.4'44'....t.;A....:•i4.:iiirviti11,i04:71:::,'..!';:::&''' '''.. iti sk.. , -i. •---•"*- .8 - • *.k. 17..,:„.........,...*,;:i.*zti01fzit7.*:::::4:'...' :•'-'ffi.'*. ~:,c,: -... ...iNfil..':i:*74iktst--,e . t'''t:374.‘:s4A:A.:';'• - -- . ~::',.'-': -

WARRINGTON SCHOOLS RUGBY TRAIT • who played the Wicbies Schoolboys on Saturday last .at Wilderspool

===== 0002601_19091002_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
LYNDI COUNCIL,

The monthly meeting of the LymmLan District Council was held on Thursday evening in the Tocsn Holt. Mr. W. Groves presided and there were also nresent Messrs. F. D. Moston, W. Divert, R. H. Gotobed del,. G. B. Thurston, W. MuHord, (clerk), W. L. Donaldson, (gas manager) bnd D. Mort (surveyor).

FISANCE COMMITTEE.

Mr. F. D. Mostyn in presenting the minutes of the finance committee said that the balance in the bank on the general account was £O5l 13s. 2d.,cheques that night £206 17s. 7d., leaving a cheque balance of £7ll 15s. 7d. On the gss account there was a halance in the bank of £B3B ss. 9d. cheques that night, £271 Os. 11d., leaving a balatye of £567 4s. 10d. POST OFFICE ARRANGEMENTS.

A letter was read from the G.P.O. which stated : Liverpool Bth September 10C9, It is found that the business at Sub-Post Office generally on Bank Holiday is transacted prior to 12 noon and cn this account it is proposed to close the Broomedge Sub Post Offite at 12 noon on Bank Holiday in future. Before the arrangement is finally adopted, however. I shall be

glad if you will bring the mltter before your Counc;l and let me know at earliest convenience whether they agree to the brral,:erneat telegrams for the Broomedge District receivt.d after 12 noon will be deliyered from the Ly!vm San Post Of:ice."

The Council agreed to same. TRADESHEZ.S SUNDAY.

TLe Clerk read a letter from the Lymm Tradesmen's Association, vi hicl said that al nifigements had been made for the balding of a special service in connection with Citizen Sunday Lt the Parish C;nurch on Sunday, October 17th, 1909, at 330 p.m., the address to be given by the-ftev. Canon Wainwright, of Altrincham. The offertory to be devotNi to a local charity, known as the Lvmm and Oughtrington Convalescent Home Society. There would be a pi oces:sion on similar lines as last year. They asked the Council to bead the procession and arrange for the officials, fire brigade, and employees to take part in the same. The Council agreed to the recommendaions.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

RUNCORN RUE AL DISTRICT COUNCIL

_ The fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Ruidl District Council as held on Tuesday afternoon at Ditton Workhouse. Mr. T. Wright presided and there were also present :—Mcsr.rs. C. E. Linaker, J. Spruce, C. E. Lineker, jun. S. Woodward, Thon:as • Wright, P. Booth, J. Hallows, H, Davies' H. Mynekyme, Admiral Jones-Parry, G. Pilling, W. Nixon, A. Broome,. C. Britch, T. Antw is, L. Bolton, E. Brethertcn' J. Fatting- ton (inspector of nuisances), W. Digcle, and J. Swanton (surveyors), Cit F. Ashton (clerk), W. E. Hough (deputy

THE NUISANCES INSPECTOR.

The Local Government Board wrote sancticning the re-appointment of Mr. J. Farrington, inspector of nuisances of the Itur.tl District Covucil, at his present salary of £ll.lO.

WESTON PAROCHIAL COMMITTEE. At the meeting of this- committee plans and specifica- tions for new sewer adjoining the boundary of the Runcorn Urban District as prepared by Mr. F. J. Jones were , submitted. Resolved that Messrs. Chadwick, Griffiths, Guest, Whitby, &nits and Haining be appointed a committee to meet Mr. Jones on the site to discuss and decide upon the line and levels of the sewer. The Inspector' of Nuiseices repotted that he had made a further examination as to the course of the old drain vs hich passes under the property recently erected by the Corporative Society in Sandy-lane and he was credibly informed that it was the overflow from a disused well on the Banks estate.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
SLAUGHTER OF DISEASED ANIMALS.

The St. Alban's Rural District Council forwarded this resolution for adoption :—" That in the opinion of is Council the payment of compensation for the slaughter of diseased animals should be made out of the Imperial funds." It was added that "if compensa- tion is to he paid out of local rates' districts of an aviculture' character, and therefore the least able to Lear the expence may be heavily burdened for the benefit end advantage of large urban areas. As ,the question is of great import.nce to large towns the expense should be spread over the whole country." Mr. Antwis proposed that the Council should support the resolution. The motion wrs sect nded and carried unaniractiAly,

===== 0002601_19091002_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
COMPLAIT.

Mr. A. W. Hutchings, cf Hillsboro, Frodsbam, wrote complaining of the disgraceful state of the load uenr the bottom of the second bill towards Manlil House, stating that he was riding down on his motor bicycle on Sunday night the 19th September, after dark, when just round the bend he was 1, iolently thrown from his machine owing to his wheels getting into a patch of _very loose material, it seemed to him a gross case of negligence. He sustained corsiderable damage to him- self in cuts end bruises and the damage to his machine amounted to £3 or £4. He asked for compensation to the the amount of his doctors bill and damage to his machine.

—The Clerk mid be had wtitten to the complainant saying that the Council was not responsible in any way for the condition of the road. The darmge had been caused by undue traction engine carting on the road by Mr. Moores._ _

It was decided to repa'ir the rod nt the cost of the contractor alleged to be responsible Lr its conditior

THE ESTIMATES.

The Clerk preseutod n estirrlte.of expenditure and of receipts to be issued during the bah-year ending 31st March, 1010, as follows :—Net expenditure to be provided for £3,103. The assessable value of the dis- trict is £182,365, and a late of 4d. in the £ will produce .£3,040. It is therefore proposed to call upon the Over- se?rs of the severe!. Parishes for the undermentioned amounts,* payable by instalments on the 9th day of November, 1909, end the 9th day of February, 1910. The amounts of the precoints on the various parishes were as follows :—Acton Grange, £64; Alvanley, £23; Antrohus, £4O; Appleton, £lO5 ' • Aston, £80; Aston Grange. £6; Bartington, £8 ; Budworth, £33; Clifton, £53; Crowl.y, £22 ; Darestury, £l9; Dutton, £130; Frcdshanr, £2a9; Frodsham Lordship, £156 • Grappen- ball, £190; Halton, £B9 • flatten, £24; Hefsby, £173; Keckwick, £r3 ; Kingsley, £93; Kingswoocl, £34; Latchford (Withtint), £B6 ; Manley, £3O ; Moore, £69; Newton-by-Dareshury, £2O; Ne.:on-by-Frod- sham, £l5; Norley, £6B; Norton, £llO • Preston-c'- th'-Hill, £63; Seven Oaks, £l4; Stoclrham, £10; Stockton Heath, £274 • Stretton, £32; Sut' 'on £108; Thelwall, £97; Walton Inferior,. £117; Walton Superior, £32; Weston, £224; Whitley Trferior, £26 : Whitley Superior, £32. RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The fortniAhtly meeting of the above Board took place at the Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday afternoon. Mr. T. P9xter presided and there were also present : Messrs. J. Spruce, C. E. Linsker, S. Woodwo rd, T. Wright, P. Booth, J. Hallows, J. H. Davies, C. E. Linaker. (jtto), A. H. Norman, Mynekyme, Admiral Jones Parry, 0. Pilling, W. Nixon, A. Broome, C. Britch, T. Antwis L. Bolton, W. M. Mortis, C. Bretherton and 0. F. Ashton (clerk) W. C. Hough, (deputy clerk) and P, Cooke, W. de Prez, J. Pear3on, ~relieving officer) and T. W. Rollinson (master). -

NUMBER OF INMATES.

Mr. Spruce rsporied that the number of inmates were at pres eat 161. be number for vagrants were 82 as compared with 56 the corresponding week last year. He also was asked to inform tbe Board that the Master had made a saving of £45 10s. by the arrangements for boiler heating (hear hear). Mr. Linaker (jun.) had also informed him of the expenses incurred by the new gas plant which was £l3l us.

'I he minutes were confirmed. Mr. Morris said that with reference to the inmate labour employed in looking after the boiler, he felt the responsibility as a -Guardien at the present time for letting the inmates do that work. Some time ago there was a boiler explosion at Toxteth Workhouse and two inmates were killed. Ai inquest was held and a strict vote of censure p ssed on the Board of Guardians. He wanted to relieve himself of the responsibility of employingirmate labour in that respect.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
TENDERS.

The following tendera were accepted.:—Butcher's meat, Mr. S. Hancock, Frodshem ; bread, Messrs. J. G. Kidd, Frodshanr, Mr. S. Whitehead, Nortfiwicb, Mr. E. S. RoHinson, Frodshem ; groceries, Messrs. J. G. Kidd, Frodsham, C. Edgers and Co., London, Mr. E. S, Collinson, Frodsbam ; wines end spirits, Messrs. It. Rowson and Sons, Warrington; tobacco and snuff, Messrs. S. Cavender end Co., Portsea, Mr. J. Shaw, junr., Runcorn, and J. Thomas, Runcorn ; conveyances Messrs. T. Booth and Sons, Runcorn, Mr. G. Whitley, Weston Point, Mr. Scrag. Aston ; drugs, J. H. Weston, Runcorn, Messrs. Durnbell Bros., Newark, Mr. H. Gibson, Runcorr, Mr. J. Pearson and Son, Manchester; coffins, Mr.F.Roe, Dutton ; artisan labour, Mr. Robert Collinge, Rnncorn, Mr. Richard Collinge, Runcorn, Mr. E. C. de Prey, Moore, Mr. J. Barron. Frodsharn, Mr. F. Pollard, Frodsham, J. H. Littler, Runcorn'; drapery and clothing, Messrs. Bradley, Runcorn, Mr. T. J. Lee, Warrington, Mr. P. R. Wright, Halton, Messrs. J. Hamlet and Son, Liverpool, and Messsrs. C. H. Greenwood and Co., Liverpool ; oils and colours, Mr. E. Allen, Warrington, §t. Helens

Colour and Varnish Co., Mr. A. de Prez, Moore, the Reliance Oil Co., London; brushes, etc, Mr. B. Fern, Warrington • fuel, Runcorn Gas Co., Runcorr, Messrs. R. Evans and Co. Haydock, Wigan Coal and Iron Co., W.rrington, Messrs. R. Williams and Sons, Liverpool; boots, etc.; 'Mr. J. W. Bayley, Runcovn, MesErs. Wyles Bros., Runcorn, Messrs, T. E. and H. Porter, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
FoR ECONOMY.

Mr. Clement W. Swetenham, provisionr 1 secretary of the proposed Ratepayers' Defence Association, wrote asking the help and sympathy of Guardians and Coun- cillors towards the movement. The programme of the association was stated to include opposition to the return of all candidates not in favour of economy and the flndlng and supporting of candidates willing to accept office on the County Council, and who would pledge themselves to reasonable economy irrespective of party politics. Mr. Linaker said be fully agreed with the proposition as there had been many complaTnts. of the expensive way in which the County Council carried out their work and he heartily supported the idea of en association for the defence of ratepayers. ' Mr. Hallows said many people had gone up to him and asked him about the high rates and be had told them to go to the County Council. They were the sinners. (Laughter). Mr. Norman said he did not think it was a proper thing for that Board to support such a resolution. Mr. Piling moved an amendment that the letter lie on the table. *to Mr. Norman seconded.

The Board then voted on the matter. Seven voted for - the amenernent and eleven for the proposal to welcome the suggested form of ratepayers defence in the county of Cheshire.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
CLEPK'S ESIIM ATE OF EXPENDTT URE.

The Clerk submitted an estimate of expenditure and of the receipts to be issued to the overseers during the half-year ending 31st March,l9lo,ss follows: Net expenditure to be provided for £14,170. The assess- able value of the Union is £239,942, and a rate els. 2d. in the R w ill produce £13,997. It is therefore proposed to call upon the Overseers of the several parishes for undermentioned amounts, payable by instalments on the 9th day of November, 1909, and the 9th.day of February, 1910. The amounts on the precepts on the vat ions parishes were as follows :—Acton Grange, £22S; Alvanley, £94; Antrcbus, £147 ; Appleton, £370; Aston, £253; Aston Grange, £24; Bartington, £35; Budworth, £l2O ; Clifton, £204; Crowley, £B3; Dares- bury, £6B ; Dutton, £450; Frodsham, £760 Frodshara Lordship; £460 ; Grappenhall, £556 ; Halton, .C 290 ' • Hatter, £95 ; Helsby, £583 •, Keck- wick, £19!; Kingsley, £3OO ; Kingswood, £100; Latchford (Without), 230 ; Manley, 116 ; Moore, 285 ; Newton-by-Daresbury, 74 ; Newton-by-Frodshem, 50; Norley. 200 ; Norton, 356; Preston-o'-th'-Hill, 214; Runcorn, 4057 ; Seven Oaks, 58; Stockham, 43; Stockton Heath, 780 ; Stretton, -116 : Sutton, 370 ; Thelwall, 304 ; Walton Inferior, 380 ; Walton Superior, 130; Weston, 749 ; Whitley Inferior, 117 ; ‘Nhitley Superior, 123. Mr. Woodward in moving the adoption of the estimate said it was almost the same as last year. The Clerk said there were two:parishe3 part:cularly affected. Runcorn and Whitley Superior iboth of which were effected by the Education Rate which was 3d. in the R. The estimate was adopted.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON,

SHOP WORKERS. MR. J. A SEDDON, M.P., AND GOVERNMENT PROPOSALS.

A meeting of shop assistants and clerks was held on Sunday night at the Grand Theatre, Manchester, in connection with the National Federation of Shop Workers and Clerks and the Council of the Shop Assistants' Union. Mr. R. J. Davies, of the Co-opera- tive Emplwes' Union, presided. Mr. Francis moved a resolution which- stated that the Shops Bill drafted by the present Government would not satisfy the orgsnised employees' until amended to reduce the hours shop and office workers to £0 per week, inclusive of meal hours. Mr. Seddon, M.P., said he welcomed the Shops' Bill because it proposed for the first time legislation dealing with the hours of shop workers. The provision that an assistant should not work for more than 60 hours in a week exclusive of meal times was an advance on the proposals made in Sir John Lubbock's Shop Hours' Bill. Such an enactment was necessary. In Glasgow they had an early closing order, but while the shcps were closed the assistants were kept working, some of them SO and 100 hours a week. While they criticised the Government's bill they recognized its fundamental advantage, and expressed their appreciation of it. The sanitary regulations included in the bill were also valu- able, and they would gladly accept the bill subject to modiccation suggested in the resolution. The resolution was carried.

f7-7,tx. 4f_ s

'Elltra6o T. KENT Ani scri, • . - 70, DEANSOi.,.TE.(oppo_slte Barton Arc.xle) MANCHESTER. KENT'S RINGS a uns urpassc_'d fcr qullity of gems and Perfection of workmanship. Kent's mount their own Rings—there are no intermediate profits ; VI( ritefor ILLUSTPAIFD BOOKLET of PRICES and MI tart iculars. Telephone 8715

===== 0002601_19091002_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
INSTANT RELIEF,

RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by 1.-.P.ADE'S PILLS.

APPROVED BY DOCTORS ! ! Durham Villa, Park-road, Hytbe, Kent, June 12th, 1908. Dear Sir,—For the past years I have been troubled with Gout in my right big tee joint, and suffered great pain until I was told of your Gout Pills by a friend of mine, atd determined to try them. But I cannot allow this opportunity to pass witheut writing you to express my admiration at their quick and efflcient treatment, and

===== 0002601_19091002_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
I SHALL NEVER BE N'ITHOCT THEM.

AM laws swot. taillalivisaWassitalonallaVamseme, rrit a 8 g a I 0 0:0 i 1 iiv 00 0 0 f 0 0 pa # v 0 d 0 1 01 0 1-0 0 fo 0 0 .1. 6 0 0 0

c?!erellirms'"- ~,.,; , elcis,t'

I am a dispenser of 31 years' standing, and in all my dispensing these many years I havefailed t find anything do me good so quickly. The senior partner of my firm of doctoq, I may say, approves of them. You are at liberty (fully) to make any use you like of this letter. Yours faithfully, EDWARD D. CULL, Dispenser. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottle ls. lid. and 2s. 9d. or sent , post free for stamps or P.O.by the proprietor 1 GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road London.,

EUMATIC PILLS.

CURES when all other Remedies fal IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC RELIEFINC ALL PAIN AND THROBBINC AND SOON CUE: The Worst Corns and Bunions. Boxes of all Chemists. M. Beetham & Sons Chemist Cheltenham.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
HELP YOURSELF

In the most practical of all ways by Betting rid at once and for ever of that stomach and liver trouble which is doing so much to make your life miserable and useless. Remember that the state of your digestive organs determines the state of your general health, and upon health your prosperity larely depends. Help yourself therefore to health, wealth, and happiness

===== 0002601_19091002_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
BY TAKING

the finest of all stomach, liver, and kidney medicines— BEECHAM'S PILLS. This is a bit of excellent advice as the experience of hundreds of thousands of sufferers can testify. If you want to Bet on in the world, if you want to enjoy life, if you want to be strong, sunny and successful take

===== 0002601_19091002_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
• LIMSSZ3I

PILLS.

i about PATENTS" 130t-IfiLET post free from dits JOIN G. WILSON & Go.,

ehartered Patent Rgents, 55,741arket St., Blanchester.

THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY. THERAPlONThissuccessfulpo- pular remedy. used in continental Hospitals by Ricord, Rostan, Jobert,Velp- eau & others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurityofblood,spots,blotches,pain & swelling ofjoints, kidney, bladder & urinary diseases, stricture, dischattes, Piles, gravel, pai as in back, gout,rheuma ti sm exhaustion,. sleeplessness, &c. Three forms, Nos. 1,2 &3, accor&r.g to diseageq. Price 2/9 (particulars id. stamp) post freo in Great Britain from The Le Clerc Medicine Co, Haver- stock Road.Hanuistead, Lo-don,&principal Chemists.

MERPYWEAT HER ON WATER SUPPLY ec FIRE PROTECTION

County Mansions ; Expert-al sent to at/ parts to Repori

- - _ _ on Existing Arrangements. Write for Pamphlets Merryweather & Sons

63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W. C.

0 P , ' 6 - Sold everywhere in boxes, price 1/11 (56 pills) Ei 2/9 (168 pills). dig q V Ong&WOOMEIMIWOMISOWOMMIMMINMONOLIMIaIff.4 VisO

===== 0002601_19091002_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
" Consistent Birmingham."

Sir,—Some three or four weeks ago I heard Mr. lifosman (I think that was the gentleman's name) make a "Tariff Reform(?)" speech at Bridge Foot, and at question time asked him how Imports were paid for. He admitted the economic truth that they were paid for by Exports. Last night I asked Mr. Paton, who is with the Conservative van, who was speaking at Latchford, the same question, hut he said it was a fallacy to suppose that Imports paid for Exports. Now the telegraphic address of the " Tariff Reform" headquarters, at Birmingham, is "Consistent," but apparently the missionaries from this ass,.ciation do :Jot understand the meaning of the word. Mr. Paton promised us another speech at Bridge Foot, to-night, Saturday. Is it too much to ask him to give us his exposition of how Imports are paid for ?—Yours truly,

"The Mount," Grappenhall October Ist, 1909.

A. H. RATHBONE.

_ - • , .1 tLo the • , . D To Re. , • • -4

===== 0002601_19091002_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington and its Advantages The Provision for a Dock.

Sir,---Warrington has advantages as an industrial centre in excess of most towns in England. Not only is its geographical position superior owing to its close proximity to tho chief port of England, viz., Liver- pool, but it has the great advantages of water and ettil and nearness to coal fields.

A fact also which lie a most important one and should not be lost sight of is that on the Ship Canal goods can be earned, owing to the arrangements which have been effected and entered into by the Cor- poration of Warrington, at a third less lost. than they can be carried to Manchester.

One point, however, which I desire to raise is, do we as a town possessing these considerable advantages which be at our doors make the best use of them, and also do we grasp the possibilities which lie in front of us? I also desire to point out too, that the industrial and commercial success of a town does not mainly rest upon its geographical position but chiefly upon the foresight and enterprise of its citizens both individually and collectively. Illustrative of this fact I may say that Liverpool and Glasgow do not directly owe their great trade to their geographical position, but mainly to the great foresight, and energy of their citizens. Glasgow particularly is a typical example to Warrington in this respect. Geographically it is not so well situated as Warrington. The Clyde also at Glasgow at one time was not equal to what the Mersey is at Warrington, and to-day is very little wider. But now owing to the great energy and enteeprise of its citizens ocean- going steamers and other large ships are to be daily seen at its doors. My special object in writing is to advocate that Warrington should take the preliminary steps necessary for the provision of- a dock. There are already facilities, exceptional and fortunate ones in this respect, seeing that there is already an available site in what is known as the old river bed, which com- municates with the Ship Canal, has a great quantity of land along its banks and, has railway communication at hand.

It appears to me that the present time is most favourable and opportune for Warrington, to at least take the preliminary steps. Financially the town is in a position to do so. It is n't burdened with debt. Th 3 preliminary steps also should not be expensive. .

may say that I have had several interviews with shippers and manufacturers on this subject and they agree with me that Warrington would' in the long run benefit to a much larger extent 'than most people are aware of.

I may add too that Warrington is certainly pro- gressing. As evidence of this six new works have during the past twd years been commenced in the town.

I could say a great deal more on this subject but I will go so far and say that if the Corporation does not seize the opportune moment and make provision for a dock now it will cost the town considerably more in future than it will at the present time. It is for the Corporation to take the lead.—Wake up War- rington,—Yours truly,

E. ENGLAND

The diversion of wealth out of the channels in which it is spent in luxury into channels in which it is use- fully spent, instead of diminishing the capital of the country will increase it, and the more wealth is kept in useful channels where it is productive the better it will be for the country. An excess of wealth, especi- ally if the possessor does not ray the natural price for it, that is, gives no work or service for it, is likely enough to be sp,ent in luxury, and it requires no encouragement from Mr. Jeans to turn it in that direction. When, therefore, Mr. Jeans commends it as an economic advantage and tries to make the man 'who consumes and wastes the produce which the workers have toiled for into a public benefactor, it is time that a vigorious protest was made against such reasoning and Mr. Jeans called upon to vindicate his strange argument. , CHARLES E. PARKER. Penketh, September 29th, 1979. -- " A Nation in Arms."

Sir,—Will you kindly allow me to criticize some of the opinions, expressed by E.V.W., in your issue of September 25th. In the first place, the writer appeArs to think that the failure of the Navy, in the - play, to prevent a landing by foreign troops is an impossi- bility, and that the episode is a slight to the excel- lence of the Navy: Nothing but 'adniiration of our Bluejackets is expressed in the Play, but the object of the Navy is not to form a cordon round the coast of these islands but rather to defend the interests of the Empire and its trade routes all over the world; and a contingency in which a large portion of the Navy might t e required in distant waters is hr from impossible. Ther- efore the Navy must be free to move, its mobility is its strength, and it can only be free if thi s country is able to defend itself (even if only for a short time). The author of the " Nation in Arms " does not taunt his - countrymen with being an " untrained defenceless mob but is justly critical of the system which prevents them, however Plucky individually, from capably helping their country in case of need. Can E.V.W. deny that 9 tenths of the male popula- tion is a large majority to stand idle while the one, 1. tenth tries to do its duty, by training to defend the homes and families of its neighbours? The efficiency, or inefficiency, of the Territorials iS a bone of contention. All honour to the Territorials!• They do their best. But as long as the system is voluntary it is impossible to ask them to give enough time to make them efficient to meet fully trained troops. The justice of universal training should appeal to every reader of the "Examiner," as opposed to the injustice of asking the patriotic few to do the work of the many shirkers. _

Surely yottr correspondent has not grasped the object of the National Service League when he says that it encourages "not an industrious, inventive, progressive, peace-loving community, but an armed, camp." Is not the main object of the League to insure peace by making an attack on us too risky an experi- ment? And would the fact of giving every young man of 18 years of age, four months in camp and then a fortnight with the Territorials for the -subsequent three years, reduce the country to an "armed camp ? " No one can say that it would. Your correspondent boasts that this country is still inhabited by sane people, but if such statements as that to which I allude, are made, we shall find some difficulty in believing him.—Yours &c., ANTI-WArt.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
An Economic Absurdity.

Sir,—Referring to the letter of Mentor,:or as I must

-now call him Mr—. W. Dampier Jeans, Senior, which appeared in your " neutral " contemporary, this gentleman asks me a number of questions and threatens me with a further batch in the next issue. I will do my best to answer these questions if they are pertinent to the principles of the Budget Land Clauses but if tljey are merely legal questions in regard to the workings of the Act I will refer them back to the legal gentleman who asked them. Meanwhile I desire to refer to the letter over Mr. Jeans own signature which appeared on September 18th. Mr. Jeans finds fault with Mr. The for not explaining to his Warrington audience that the pro- posed Land Taxes would reduce the spending power of the landowners, result in their being unable to maintain their large staff of servants, diminish their 'spending power amongst tradespeople, stop • the flow of money at the fountain head, result in their being less money to go round,less employment and remuner- ation for everybody, and that this reduction would reduce the money spent in travelling, pleasure, and luxury. I may be wrong but to my mind this argument is based on an economic absurdity. Mr. Jeans speaks of stopping the flow of money at the fountain head i.e. the landlords. In like manner the Duke of Devon- shire warned his audience at Haddon not to kill the goose that laid the golden eggs, meaning of course the landlord (that is in this case the man who gets rent from socially created value and not from capital expenditure or effort of his own) is not the fountain head, or the layer of golden eggs at all. The fountain head is the producer, the manufacturer, the worker. He pays rent to the landowner because he has no option since he must have land to live and work upon. If there( was not the convenience of money he would pay his rent in kind, that is hand over part of his labour product, which the, landowner would in his turn hand to his gardeners, gamekeepers, ex., for service rendered. It is clear then that the producer is the fountain head, and not as Mr. Jeans claims the landlord. The landlord is merely a channel into which the labour product is diverted, and the product of labour is consumed by those whose labouf is unproductive, and a depletion of the general stock is the result. Now had this produce which goes in land rent been left in the hand of the producer, the probability is that it would have been spent ia direc- tions where it was productive, and not in luxuries which perish in their use. Do not understand, I would not imply that all pro- duce should be used as capital for further production. It would be a dull world if there were no margin for enjoyment and reasonable luxuries. lam here meet- ing Mr. Jeans on his own ground, wherein he contends that the spendings of the rich are economically desir- able, and that they increase the well-being of the workers. To my mind the error lies iii looking upon work as an end instead- of a means, and hence the careless thinker ignores how labour is applied, and thinks only of its employment. Out ef this error arises false reasoning in other directions. Three examples which run on the same, or on parallel lines may be given. First. That fires are good for trade because they give employment in replacing the burnt struc- ture. Second. That it would be beneficial to the country to shut out by duties foreign manufactured articles even if it cost 10 per cent. more to make them here. Third. That improvement in machinery, is bad because it displaces labour and lessens employment in the manufacture of the article in which the machine is employed.

If is not necessary at the moment- to go into a detailed exposure of these absurdities, and it would be presumptuous on my part to pretend to teach Mr. - Jeans the a. b. c. of economic science, but I am sur- prised that he should be led into such an absurdity as his argument indicates. But inasmuch as the bulk of the titled aristocracy have fallen into the same error it may be necessary to go into further detail when we know exactly where Mr. Jeans stands. Suffice for the

present to affirm that if money or money's value is left in the hands of those who create it through a reduction of land rent (or what comes to the same thing a fairer adjustment of taxation) the retention of this rent charge for land, "naked land," will go to the creation of capital and assist in further production and more productive and increased employment. •

===== 0002601_19091002_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
Captain Crosfield and the invasion " Craze."—A Reply to the Member.

Sir,—Aversion to add to the burdens of our over- worked Parliamentary representative on the one hand constrains me to, pass his letter in your last issue unnoticed; on the other hand, that the " make-ready- after-the-war-has-begun" view should hold the field forces me to reply to the head of our house. Firstly, as to the pacific assurances of our German friends. I agree at once that the average Teuton will ridicule the idea that he or his eountrymen have any desire to shed our blood. I believe, too, that the average German is thoroughly sincere when he states that what he wants is peace so that he may build up his business and .add to his own wealth and that of the Vaterland. But such 'assurances do not in the very slightest shake my firm conviction that if, while Germany becomes as strong on sea as she is on land, we remain only strong at sea and hopelessly weak on land; if, as the play says, we continue to put all our eggs in one basket, a day will come when owing to some conflict- ing interests which may have arisen between the two nations, interests which both consider vit 11, the German Government will feel that -she is sufficiently powerful to force her point and we must either ignominously and-ingloriously surrender or must fight under disadvantages which will prove disastrous. Remember the executive power of the German govepment is far greater thanour own. Thecherished plans and ideals of Germany's rulers are not confided fo the German people, and the carefully thought out schemes do not become evident to the masses till , after they have materialised. Look at the history of modern Germany. In those three wars whereby Germany was welded into a solid nation the great Chancellor and his government did not consult before- hand the wishes or desires of the electorate. Neither in 'GI when we basely deserted Denmark and allowed Schleswig-Holstein to be calmly annexed by Prussia; nor in '66 when the proud house of Hohenzollern overcame the yet prouder house of Hapsburg • nor again in '7O when united Germany poured forth her vast armies with unerring precision and unwavering will into the plains of in belle France—in none of these instances did the average German realise before- hand the policy which the great Bismarck was follow- ing out. Bismarck is dead, buthis traditions live on. And the last great war, the fourth, the most momentous of all, which will enable Germany to step into our shoes is no mere figment of an overwrought brain. If our young men know how to defend their country I have no fear ; as long as they do not we are tempting Providence. Turning to the other point in the letter, my brother seems to think that all this training is going to be wasted because it will not be given to the ones who requi re it most. Now we should all rejoice if it were practicable to give the physically unfit systematic training—let us hope that this may eventually become possible—but to withhold the undoubted benefits of such training from the rest of the community simply because they are not in such urgent need of it as the rest seems neither wise nor kind. According to this argument you have no business paying special atten- tion to the intelligent boys at school and helping them forward as much as possible—you ought to concen- trate your efforts on the dunces and the dullards on the ground that they need educating more than the intelligent ones. As a matter of fact national training would have, as it has in Switzerland, an indirect bearing on the physique of the whole of the yotith of the nation because no lad of any spirit would wish to be rejected as unfit to serve his country. Conse- quently there would be an all-round increased interest taken in manly sport and in gymnastic exercises. Lastly we are charged with endangering the .peace by talk of war. Wild and extravagant talk is to be deprecated on all grounds but the great majority of League speakers cannot be charged with this fault for they are most careful to point out that if disaster comes we can only blame ourselves. " Curse your- selves " says Major Viner " you left your front door open." The people who endanger peace are those who are deaf to the warnings of our greatest soldiers, Lord Roberts, Lord Wolseley, Sir George White, who have fearlessly and emphatically told us again and again that we invite attack through our unpreparedness for war.—l am, yours etc, . GEORGE CROSFIELD.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON ASSESSMENT COMMITTEE.

The monthly meeting of the Warrington Assessment Committee was held at the Workhouse yesterday, Mr. J. flillinge presiding. There were also present:— Messrs. A. J. Jolley, J. Evans, W. Gill, W. Furness, R. Bolton, G. Mather. A. Brooks, A. Bottomlev (clerk), R. R. Meacock (valuer), W. H. Woodcock (assistant overseer for Wari ington).

:MESSRS. H.M. 'POCHTS AND CO., LTD.

Mr. Davies, of Messrs.. Humphrey Davies, and Co. London, appottled on behalf of Messrs. FL D. Pochi n and Co., Ltd., against the assessment of their works at Bank Quay at £750 gross, £550 ratable. Mr. Meacock said the increase of the assessment on the old valuation was £l7O, the former ratable value being £3BO. He was not aware that there had been any Increase in the works since the old valuation. On behalf of the firm it was stated that certain branches of the trade had declined considerably, and therefore a large amount Of the plant was not in use. There bad been no extension of the premises and nothing had been done physically to enhance their value. It was contended that there ought to be a reduc- tion instead of an increase of the assessment, and that the ratable value ought not to exceed £250. The matter was referred to the Valuer and Clerk for conferetce with the firm. --:4111 VALUER'S SALARY.

The Valuer submitted an application for an increase of his salary which at present stands at ,R2OO a year. He

===== 0002601_19091002_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, October 2, 1909.

referred to the great increase in his work which had WARRINGTON NURSING ASSOCIATION been entailed by the re-valuation of many important works Scc. in the Union and also to the fact that there had been a considerable advance of rateable value in Annual Meeting of the Workingmen's

consequence. The Committee decided that in view of the special services Mr. Meacock be paid an Ito n o r.a• u m of £lOO and that his salary for the sear ending March, 1910, should be at the rate of £3OO.

, Committee. The Workingmen's Committee of the Warrington District Nursing Association is doing an excellent

work on behalf -of that worthy institution, and an encouraging statement was submitted at the annual meeting which was held in the Council Chamber at the Toe n Hall on Thursday evening. The total amount raised by the Committee during the past year is £292 Bs. 6d., as agtinst £560 Bs. 3d. in 1909, but the decrease is more than accounted for by the fact that last 30ar a special appeal by the then Mayor (Alderman Smethurst) realized the substantial sum of £356 4s. Gd. The meeting was presided over by the Deputy-Mayor (Alderman Smethurst) and there was a good attendance of delegates from the various worki, including Mr. G. Walker (chairman), Mr. H. Hope (hon. treasurer), and Mr. J. Fargher (hon. secretary). Councillor Roberts (ta easurer of the Nursing Association) was also present. It was announced tlat business in London prevented the attendance of the Mayor. Letters of apology for non-attendance were received from Mr. W. P. Rylands (President of the Committee), and Mr. F. Monks (founder of the Nursing Association). In the course of his letter Mr. Monks said :—lf I cannot attend meetings and help as I used to do, it is not from any waning interest in all the movements that help for the improve- ment of my fellow-townsmen, but because I have to recognize the limitations of my physical strength if I am CO get along with any degree of personal comfort. I have done my full share in the past and must leave it to younger men to carry on the work. lam very glad that you have passed the £250 limit and when the people fully realise what the Nursing Association can do, as an educational influence in the treatment of disease, I feel sure they will not let it want for further financial support. We are only on the threshold of the social amelioration of the people, one of the results of better -education and self-respecting influences at work among them ; progressive, but not revolutionary in the sense of legally robbing any man's "hen roost." MEacitis,in moving the adoption of the accounts, pointed out that the contributions from the ordinary channels showed an advance of £79 on last year. The HON. TREASURER said one or two works had ceased contributing owing to bad trade and others through misunderstanding. He hoped they would soon induce all the works and friendly societies to make collections. Mr. W. P. Rylands was re-elected president and the following were re-elected vice-presidents :—The Mayor (Alderman Forshaw). Alderman Smethurst, Captain Crosfleld, Alderman Burton, Messrs. F. Monks, V. W. Monks, Henry Roberts, W. Carson, W. Milner, Edwin Woods, C. E. Bunch, T. W. Fletcher, 'l'. Atherton, J. A. Ransome, and R. Chadwick. Feeling reference was made to the loss which the committee has sustained by the death of Councillor J. J. Neild, one of the vice- presidents. The following officers were re-appointed :—Chairman; Mr. George Walker; vice-chairman, Mr. T. Wadsworth . hon. treasurer, Mr. Hy. Hope; hon. secretary, Mr, James Fargher • trustees, • Messrs. G. Walker, W. Charnock,and Alderman Burton; representatives on the Executive Committee of the Nursing Associatior, Messrs. G. Walker, J. Fargher and H. Hope. The CHAIRMAN said that the committee had now been in existence for four years, with the following financial results :-1906,£159 Os. 9.1.; 1907,t191 195.11 d.; 1908,2204 3s. 9d.; 1909, £282 85.6c1.; total,£B37 125.11 d.; (plus the ex-Mayor's special appeal in 1908 which realized £356 4s. 6d) £1,1a3 17s. sd. In 1905, the year before this committee was formed, £7B 6s. 10d. was raised from the local works, friendly societies, &c. Therefore the committee had justified its existence by a considerable increase in subscriptions. The working- men deserved every praise and credit for their efforts and he trusted that God would long spare them to con- tinue their glorious work. Councillor ROBERTS said the increased contribution from the Workingmen's Committee had gone a long way towards placing the Association not only out of debt but in the position of having a credit balance at the end of the financial year. He paid a warm tribute to the special and generous efforts of Mr. F. J. Lord in the promotion of the operas by Messrs. Crosfield's Amateur Operatic Society, the whole of the proceeds of the performancEs being handed to the committee. He did not know how to express himself adequately as to the character and effect of the kindly consideration which both Mr. and Mrs. Lord had shown to the institution. (Applause). Continuing, Councillor Roberts said he hoped the Association would be so well supported that they would be able to increase the staff when the growth of the town demanded it. He did not think the Association had ever been better staffed than at present. (Applause). Warrington stood exceedingly well among the towns of England in regard to the contributions of workingmen towards institutions of that kind. The other evening he (Mr. Roberts) had a visit from Mr. F. Monks whose interest in the association was as keen as ever and he was cer- tain that as long as he lived Mr. Monks would keep up that interest and do all he could for the success of the institution. (Applause). On the motion of Mr. HOPE, seconded by Mr. WALTERS, a vote of condolence was passed with Mrs. Nield and family on the death of Councillor Nield. • Votes of thanks were passed to Mr. E. Bradshaw (auditor),the Mayor for the use of the Council Chamber, and Alderman Smethurst for presiding. The CHAIRMAN emphasised the value of the work done by the nurses who during the past year had paid 14,499 visits to 631 cases.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
BOXING AT THE BARRACKS. Excellent Contests.

With the prospect of a fine entry of fighting men and spirited contests, in which they were not disappointed, an excellent crowd of spectators assembled at the Orford Barracks on Thursthy evening. The occasion was the first meeting of the winter session in connec- tion with the Orford Barracks Boxing Club. The chief event of the programme was the grand ten round contest for club purse and £l.O a side, between Bert Regan, af Warrington, and Jonty Haywood, of Salford. The rounds were of two minutes duration and 6oz. gloves were used. On coming forward for the first round Haywood was seen to be the bigger man. He was also one stone heavier. Nothing of import- ance took place in the first round, both men feeling each others points. The sec:.,nd round saw Haywood having slightly the better of the fight. The third round started the struggle in earnest and Haywood, after making feints at his opponent's body , righted quickly and landed two blows on Regan's face, the effect being visible all throu.eh the fight. It was noticed that Haywood was in by far the better condition and on coming up for each round he was quite fresh whereas Regan seemed somewhat exhaurt,..d. At the sixth round Regan who had been on the defensive practically the whole of the time, assumed the aggresive and by a sadden onslaught got home with some splendid body blows and was heartily applauded it the end of the round. In the seventh round Haywood I became more cautious and no points were given or taken. Haywood in the eight round pressed, and with a right blow from the shoulder knocked Regan to the ropes. He, however, quickly recovered and lunging forward delivered a stinging blow on his opponent's ear. The ninth round saw Regan put in a h.Jivy neck blow but Haywood responded with a terrific body blow. I Regan, however, repelled all Haywood's other thrusts. The last round saw Haywood pressing strongly as it was his only chance. Regan received punishment before he could extricate himself from the corner but when the gong want both were sparring merrily. When quiet hqd been restored the referee announced that Haywood had won the contest by the tenth round. The loser however was anything bat disgriced. (Applause). Regan put up a good fight,and if his adversary had been a stone lighter the verdict might have been the other way. As it was, Regan was forced to defend practically all the time.

In the novices light weight' competition. open to soldiers and civillana in Warrington and radius or ten miles, there ;yes some spirited fighting particularly betwerm Harry Regan and Ted Tavlin, both of War- rington. Regan was declared the loser. Frank Ryan, and Herbert Hockenhall, both of Warrington, having passed through their heats met in the final. At the end of the second round Hockenhall showed signs of punish- ment. The third round saw Ryan administering heavy jabs on Hockenhall's face and body. Hockeahall was all but done when time was called. The win was of course awardei to Ryan who assuredly destirved it. In the competition of the middle weights was seen the only clean "knock-out" of the night, the contestants being Privates Murphy and Lewis. There was no scientific boxing in this contest, the two going ft.r it hammer and tongs. In the second round Murphy with a straight blow knocked Lewis almost through the ropes. On resuming Murphy with a powerful blow under the heart knocked Lewis clean out. Murphy and Private Byrne met in the final. Murphy had s6verely injured his right hand in the-above fight and was strongly advised not to cornpete.An old glove had to be procured for bim..lle was considerably hampered by this and was only able to defend and was completely at the mercy of Bryne. In the second round the referee stopped the _match, saying it was no use going on any further. Bryne therefore was recorded the winner.

In the light weight competition for soldiers only Privates Owen and Ely met in the final, Owen being victorious. In the featherweight competition there was a keen struggle between Privates Ellison and Shepherd. Ellison won on points, the referee saying it was a very good contest and he was sorry that he could not mike them both winners. The referee was Mr. Tom Gamble, selected by the "Sporting Chronicle." Captain D. 0. B. Dawson, of the South Lancashire Regiment acted as time keeper. Praise is due to the following committee for providing such excellent sport: —Captain Howard-Vyse, Captain Dawson,Captain M.H. B. Morgan, Lieutenant Nlarshall, Sergeant Major Scott, Sergeant Instructor linitht. The next meeting w:11 be on Thursday,November 4th.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL WEDDINGS.

Longdin —Ault.

The marriage was s-Olemnized at St. Peter's Church, St. Leonards-on-Sea, on Wednesday, of Mr. Walter G. Longdin, third son of Mr. Thomas Longdin, Borough Engineer- and Surveyor, and Mrs. Longdin, Wilson-Patten-street, Warrington, and Miss Ada Ault, third daughter of Mr. Edwin Ault, F.S 1., Mi., Mech. E., M. R. San. 1., and Mrs. Ault, De Cham-road, St. Leonards-on-Sea. The Vicar (Rev. W. Streatfield) officiated. The bride, who was given away by her father, was attended by two bridesmaids—Miss Ault (sister of the bride) and Miss Longdin (sister of the bridegroom). Mr. Frank Hargreaves, of Rangoon, acted as best man. After the ceremony a reception was held at the house of the bride's parents. The happy couple were the recipients of many handsome presents.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
Sylvester—Henshaw.

A pretty wedding took place at Christ Church, Croft, when Mr. J. E. Sylvester, late of Croft, was m•arried to Miss Jessie Renshaw, daughter of Mr. John Henshaw, of Risley. The Rector, the Rev. H. I. Wadeson, officiated. The bride, who was given away by her father, was handsomely attired in cream delaine with silk stripes, and she also wore a biscuit- coloured hat and carried a bouquet of cream and red roses. The bridesmaids, Miss Henshaw and Miss Ruth Renshaw, were gowned in pale blue voile with pale blue hats to match. Mr. Richard Barnham acted as best man. Many handsome presents were received including a tea service presented to the bride by the Christ Church choir, Miss Renshaw having been one of the leading members for the last ten years.

Hayter —Warburton. The marriage took place at Lytnm Parish Church on Saturday of Mr. 'William Hayter, of Eccles,' and Miss Florence Warburton, second daughter of Mr. Thomas Warburton, agent to the Earl of Ellesmere at Lyrum. The bride, who was given away by her father, was charniingly attired in an Empire gown of embroidered white cloth, with wreath" of orange blossoms and lilies, and carried a bouquet of white roses. The bridesmaids were the Misses Esther and Sissie Smith, who were becomingly attired, and carried bouquets of pink carnations. Each wore a large black picture hat. The bride's mother was dressed in mole cloth with hat to match, trimmed with pink roses and her bouquet was composed of sweet peas. The Rev. G. B. Thurston, recter of Lyrom officiated. Later in the day- the bride and bridegroom left for Colwyn Bay, .where the honey- moon will be spent. Many choice presents have been received.

Clapham—West. There was a pretty wedding at St. Paul's Church on Monday, when Ur. William Clapham, M.P.S., of Manchester, son of the late Mr. Richard Clapham, was married to Miss Eunice Ellen West, daughter of Mr. James West, Lyndon Villa, Bewsey-road The Rev. W. Bracecamp officiated. The hymns "The Voice that breathed o'er Eden" and "0, Father all. creating" were sung and Mr. E. Wilkes, who pre- sided at the organ, played Mendelssohn's "Wedding March." The bride, who was given away by her father, was charmingly attired in an embroidered Princess robe, and carried a handsome bouquet of white roses and lilies. She was attended by four bridesmaids —Miss Bessie West (sister of the bride), Miss Mary E. Clapham (sister of the bridegroom), Miss Clarissa West (sister of the bride), and Miss Eunice -M. I. Gerrard (niece of the bride). The senior bridesmaids wore dresses of cream silk crepe-de-chine, with black picture hats, and carried ivory backed prayer books mounted hi gold. The two children were attired in simple white dresses. Mr. Harry Catlow, M.P.S., discharged the duties of best man. After the care- mony a reception was held' at Lyndon Villa. Many handsome presents were received.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NOVEMBER ELECTIONS.

It is expected that there will be several contests at the Warrington Municipal Elections on November Ist, but so far nothing definite has been decided upon. The following is a list of the Councillors whose term of office expires : Town Hall Ward Court. Lord. Whitecross Ward Conn. Barton. Bewsey Ward Coun. Toole. . Orford Ward Coun. Cunnington. St. John's Ward Court. Steel. Fairfield Ward Coun. Vernon,. Ilowky Ward Coun. Sankey. St. Austin's Ward Coun. Asharoft, Latchford Ward. Coun. Wilson. .

===== 0002601_19091002_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
PALACE AND HIPPODROME.

The best turn at the Palace and Hippodrome this week is "A 33 to 1 chance." To a sportsman it is especially entertaining. "A 33 to 1 chance" centres upon a boxing match which in due course cornea off between Jack Goldswain, the light-weight champion of England and Young Sullivan, the well-known American champion. In the first place Lord Stans- field (Mr. E Heaton Grey) makes a bet with Major C. Maine (Mr. Howard Templeton) that he will be respon- sible for bringing a man to beat young Sullivan. The bet made is 33 to 1 in thousands, and Maine noticing the confident manner of Lord Stansfield thinks that he does not stand to win so surely as he thought when he made the bet. Maine thinking that it must be Lord Stansfield himself who would box, and also knowing that if Lord Stansfield did not turn up at the fight the stakes will be his, he decides that it will be to his advantage to keep Lord Stansfield's money. Maine's ingeniousness is not at a loss to pre- vent Lord Stansfield's presence, and he deputes Solomon Levi (Mr. Fred Monti) a bookmaker, to pre- sent Lord Stansfield with a doctored cigar on his way to the club which would:sicken him and therefore he would not be able to be there. This ruse is successful, but things do not turn out as Maine desires them. Lord Stansfield had, so as to ensure a fight, sent a letter to the club, in case he did not present himself and this letter is opened and its contents state "if it is his misfortune not to be present he nominated his servant " Bobs " or Mr. Jack Goldswain." Things turn out as expected: Goldswaia defeats Sullivan and Lord Stansfield wins his bet. Massona, who is described on the programme as an "eccentric juggler," is really such—in fact he displays a• card which states that he is mad and he carries it out to the letter. Some tricks he performs are especially good. Rose and Calvert present themselves in a scene entitled "Captain Kettle and his charming mate," The extreinely excit- able nature of the captain and the urbanity of Roze commend themselves to everybody. The Floradoras, are three charming young ladies, who delight the audience with their singing and the scene of the lovers garden—one of them taking the part of a young man. Millie Howell, character vocalist, renders songs in a highly creditable manner. Arthur Woodville is rather pessimistic in his songs re the advantage of being single ' over married, but he retrieves himself later with his dancing. Mark Henton as a comedian is decidedly popular with the "gods." The Palace perfection pictures are very good and the orchestra under the conductorship of Mr. Widdop play some very enter- taining items. NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAMME.

There is a capital" bill " for next week, the chief attraction being Sydney James' Strolling Players, including Gilbert Fernie, in their pastoral entertain- ment of mirth, music and mimicry. The other artistes will be :—Burley and Burley, the quaint acrobatic comedians ; Bruce Green, the popular talkative " dame " comedian; Maude Vera, comedienne and dancer; Gracie Graham, the popular comedienne; Austin and Cowan, vocal entertainers ; Lambert and Butler. comedians and dancers.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
UNITED KINGDOM BAND OF HOPE AUTUMNAL CONFERENCE.

The 41st annual conference has been held at Cambridge during the past week when a large gather- ing of delegates from North, East, South and West, assembled. The proceedings opened on Saturday after- noon by a great children's demonstration. In the even- ing the delegates were formally welcomed to the town in the Guild Hall by his Worship the Mayor, Alderman W. P. Spalding, the chair being occupied by Professor G.Sirus Woodhead (president of the Cambridge Union). Other welcomes were given on behalf of the C.E.T.S. and Free Church Council and other local temperance bodies. Official sermons were preached on Sunday in St. Andrew's Church by the Dean of Carlisle and in Emmanuel Congregational Church by the Rev. Norman Macleod Caie, D.D., and in the evening at 8.15 a mass meeting was held in the Guild Hall which was presided over by Dr. Barker, headmaster of the Leys School, and addressed by Canon Barker, Rev., Dr. Stokes and others. On Monday the confereneeispenta busy day, papers being read by Mr. John Phillipson, Chief Ruler of 1.0. R. ; subject : "In what ways can the Beneficiary Element be made to assist Band of Hope Work ?" and by Mr. W. C.Bruce (Edinburgh) ; subject: " How to extend the sphere of operations of TONVII

Unions." The chair was occupied by Mr. Lionel Mundy who spoke of the work of the U.K.B.H. Union which now comprises 372 Band of Hope Unions con- sisting of 30,854 societies with a total of 3,765,000 members an army of young abstainers from which great things may be expected in coming years. A mostinter- esting discussion took placewhich brought the morning conference to a close. In the afternoon the delegates were taken through all the colleges which had been thrown open for their inspection, a privilege which was much enjoyed, and in the evening an official reception was held. On Tuesday morning the Conference was presided over by the Hon. Mrs. Elliott Yorke. Papers were read by Miss Annie Salmon, editor of the "Young. Abstainer," subject " Work among children untouched by Band of Hope Effort" and Mrs. J. A. Cotton on "Woman's place and power in Juvenile Temperance Work." In the evening a great demonstration was held in the Guild Hall which was crowded, Alderman John Chivers presiding and addresses being given by Rev. Norman Macleod Caie' D.D. (Edinburgh), and. Rev. W. Charles Pigott, both addresses dealing with the training of the children in habits of total abstinence. Another busy day was spent on ‘iednesday, when papers were given in the morning by Mr. Charles Wakely, secretary U.K.B.H.U. ; subject "The new school syllabus" and by Rev. Charles Wickham, subje-A "How can temperance teaching be suitably given in Sunday Schools. In the afternoon the delegates visited Ely where they were taken through the fine Cathedral and' afterwards a public meeting was held in the Town Hall. On Thursday a visit was paid to Bedford. The conference throughout has been noted for its enthusiasm, the workers in this cause being f ull of optimism.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
THE

PIRATES OF PENZANCE,

Musical Society's Forthcoming Performances. INTERVIEWS WITH MR. F. H. CROSSLEY

AND MR. FODEN WILLIAMS.

Great interest is being taken by the music-loving public of Warrington in the seventh amateur operatic enterprise of the Warrington Musical Society.. The opportunity of witnessing the production of " The Pirates of Penzance," one of the most delightful and popular of the-famous Gilbert and Sullivan collalAra- tions, will doubtless be widely welcomed, and there is every indication that complete success will attend the performances in the Parr Hall during the week com- mencing October 11th. We understand that the rehearsals have been entered into with most commend- able enthusiasm, and it is confidently anticipated that the opera section will add another triumph to their highly creditable record.

"With the object of gleaning information as to the musical promise of this latest operatic venture, a representative of tho " Examiner " interviewed Mr. Frank H. Crossley, the conductor and musical director, who readily gave his impressions. First of all Crossley had something„inieresting to say about the character of the work selected for representation. "The Pirates of Penzance" he pointed out, was first produced in London in 1880 and followed " Pinafore " which had had the phenomenal run of two years. It is one of the most picturesque and amusing operas of the wonderful series which, resulted from the joint work of two such geniuses as Arthur Sullivan and W. S. Gilbert. It is rich in colour and contains a genuine and piquant story. Like "The Sorcerer" this was suggested by an allusion in one of the old "Bab Ballads" and was based on a characteristic Gilbertian idea—that of a band of pirates whose proceedings were regulated by a sort of topsy-turvy logic. A body of pirates naturally suggests other bodies who control them. Here was the author's opportunity for introducing the police—a topic handled with much humour., The passages dealing with the " force " are amongst the most amusing features of the piece, and the naYve expression of the policeman's emotions is quite delightful. The music supplies several opportunities for both principals and chorus to distinguish themselves. The finale of the first act and a scene early in the second 'act - in which all the ladies of the company are aissociated with the policemen—are worked up quite in the style of grand opera. There are several charming concerted numbers, two or three of which are very dramatic in their intensity. For absolute charm of melody and vocal simplicity it would be difficult to find anything finer than the lovely duet for Mabel and Frederic "Oh, leave me not," sung in the ruined abbey by moonlight. Referring to the forces engaged in the opera, Mr. Crossley said the greater number of the leading parts are being taken by members who have won their spurs in previous performances, but there are several new principals who will, he believes, achieve as great successes as their predecessors. The Society, he remarked, is decidedly fortunate in having such resources to call upon. As in previous years, Mr. Crossley spoke highly of the services of the orchestra which he pointed out is purely local in its composition, having no recourse to outside professional aid. "The Society" he con- tinued " may well be ,congratulated on having such an able body of instrumentalists who vie with the vocal members in the keenness and enthusiasm with which they enter into the really arduous preparations for the performances." Mr. Crossley bore unstinted testimony to the pains- taking and intelligent work of the whole of the opera company. "It is I think entirely due to their general loyalty and earnestness" he said, that the success of the previous productions has been so marked. The chorus is a fine body this year and the acting—under the capable coaching of Mr. Foden Williams—will be found most competent and full of realistic touches." As an example of this " realism," Mr. Crossley mentioned a laughable incident which occurred at the first joint rehearsal of the orchestra and vocal section. One striking scene in the opera is the capture of the ladies of the chorus by the pirates, and the fair prisoners give vent to their alarm by shrieking loudly. This was done with such startling effect at the rehearsal in question, that the majority of the members of the orchestra were quite upset and con- cerned ; indeed seine of the gentlemen rose from their places apparently with the intention of going to the rescue of the ladies. However, it was explained that the screaming was all part of the " business " of the opera, and the practice went on as smoothly as ever. Summing up his opinion of the prospects of the enterprise Mr. Crossley had no hesitation in declaring that, barring accidents, he believes the forthcoming performances will be a signal success in every rear ect.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
A Chat With Mr. Foden Williams.

For the third year in succession Mr. Foden Williams is fulfilling the important duties of coach and stage manager, and the Opera Committee is to be congratu- lated upon again securing the services of a gentleman of such wide experience and recognized ability in this class of work. Mr. Williams has coached many amateur societies in a variety of operas and it speaks well for the capabilitieß of the opera company of the Warring- ton Musical Society that he has formed sanguine opinions as to the promise of the forthcoming pm, duction.

"The Pirates of Penzance," Mr. Williams informed our representative, is an opera peculiarly suited to amateurs, in that it affords them ample opportunities for displaying their vocal powers without imposing a severe strain upon their acting and dancing abilities. "In no opera to my knowledge" said Mr. Williams " has Sir W. S. Gilbert shown a keener sense of satire. This is particularly manifest in the work of the policemen and I have no doubt that the audiences will derive much amusement from the say- ings and doings of these versatile representatives of law and order."

Giving his view of the forthcoming performances, as based upon the work done at the rehearsals, Mr. Williams said that everything points to the opera being a notable artistic success. The music is really charming and he will be surprised if the music lovers of Warrington are satisfied until they have heard again and again the beautiful unaccompanied choral singing in that gem of harmony" Hail Poetry." "And what is your opinion as to the abilities of the performers engaged in " The Pirates of Penzance" ? asked the interviewer.

"All the principals " replied Mr. Williams " show signs of scoring distinct successes, and not the least promising are the new aspirants." Mr. Williams also expressed himself in eulogistic terms with reference to the admirable work of the chorus. He explained that while dancing does not make the same heavy demand upon the performers as in "Morrie England "there is plenty of delicate movement which will appeal to the public. The hutnorous part of the opera is in capable hands and if the enjoyment at the rehearsals is any criterion, Mr. Williams has no doubt that the audiences will find a great deal to arouse their merriment as well as to elevate and interest them.

"All the principals " concluded Mr. Williams "have proved themselves to be exceedingly apt pupils and lam most hopeful that the performances will be fully in keeping with the high reputation of the opera company.'

===== 0002601_19091002_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
MARKET PRICES.

WARRINGTON, WEDNESDAY. 6d. FRESH EGGS, 7 and 8. FRESH HADDOCKS, FRESH BUTTER, is 2d and HAKE, 6d and 7d. Is 3d. SOLES, 2s. d CHEESE, id and Bd. LEMO.N SOLES, 10... an CHES. RABBITS, 10d to IS. TURBOT, is 4d. FowLs (couple), 4s to 43 6d. COD, 6d. DUCKS (couple), 5s fid to 6s. PLAICE, Bd. PoTAToEs,3B to 4s a load. LOBSTERS, IS 4d. ENGLISH VEAL Gd to 10d WHITING, 6d.

_ per lb. EELS, 10d. BEEF, 51d to Old. per lb. SALMON TROUT, Is MUTTON, 5d to 9id per lb. GRAYLINGS, 1.0 d! LAMB, 6d to 10d. per lb. BRILL, Is. PORK, 7d to 10d. per lb. FRESH HERRINGS/ 1° clo' WHEAT.—is 3d to 4s 6d per 701bs. . OATS.-2s 214 to 2s 41d per 451bs. WHEAT STRAW.-335 per ton. OAT STRAW.-315 6d per ton. CLOVER HAY.--£3 109 to .£3 15s 6d per ton.. MEADOW HAY.--43 12s 6d per ton.

CATTLE. - 3 97k; DUBLIN, THURSDAY.—On sale: Beasts, jØ sheep, 8,782; calves, 31. Cattle steadier. lieuls'ief, poor demand ; choice bullocks scarce but firmer ; 38s to 60s per cwt. Sheep dull, except nice hogg,' et 34s to 40s each. Mutton, 4d to 5A per lb. Lim" more inquiry. Pigs met a slower trade, 33 6d down; best, 494 to 54s per cwt.

HAY AND STRAW. LONDON (WHITECHAPEL), THURSD Ir.;lrojre brisk. Quotations: Best clover, 80s to 903 ; int! to, 68s to 75s ; specially picked hay, 85s; good. 770 82s 6d; inferior, 60s to 68s ; mixture and sainfoin• ‘4 to 85s; straw, 27s to 33s per load.

FARM AND GARDEN PRODUCE 're )IANCHESTER, THIIRSDAY.—Potatoes • or 6d King Edward's, 8s to 9s; Cheshire, new, 3s .6d to 44.scut, per load (18 stone-2521b) ; Bedford, 3s 6d to 4s per culla., Turnips, 40s to 45s per ton ; carrots 55s per ton. 30 hers, 2s to 3s per dozen. English tomatoes, 2s 6d to per per 121 b; Guernsey, lid to Idl ; Jersey, Id to ld 6g lb. Victoria plums, 3s to 3s 6d per sieve. Darns°ns' per a to Cs per pot. English peaches, 23 6d to 4s 63 dozen; French, Is 6d to 2s 6d per box. 0011). LON DON(BOROUVII SPITALFIELDS)P ; —Trade fair. Quotations: Lincolns, 559 + Lc° ta Bedfords,.s.os to 60s; Kents, 55s to 665; Essex, 509 _ _ _

===== 0002601_19091002_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
60s; BlaCklands, 50s to 52s 6d per ton.

CORN. - MANCHESTER, THURSDAY.—The tone was ut,l--?0, most cereals lower on the week. Fair samPle' ter English wheat were in a quiet request at 6d per quaor lower. Foreign: Manitoba and winters about taloa higher, but Indian and Plate, id to lid lower. corn slow and lid per central lower on the wee' 00 and offals tend upwards. Foreign and English•oats eBs. barley lower. Good demand for new Englisih Pimest: Flour, 6d per sack lower on the week. English, 30s to 34s per 5041 b. (on rails). Fere,l to Danubian, 8s to 8s Id; choice white Karachi, 7s lu,peic 7s 10d; red Karachi, 7s 9d to 7s 9d; Russia° crop), 8s id to 8s 2d. Flour: English XS. 121 A Is ob. 30s to 31s ; English patents, 32s 6d to 33s Per 11, Oats: Cheshire new, 2s sid to 28 6d; ditto 3') 451 b. 2s 41d to 2s 5d ; foreign, 2s 3id to 2s 4d Per 7,ssc Barley: Foreign, 3s 2d to 3s 2id per 601 b. Peas crop English (finest hand picked) 92s to 965. Arr,.ls ; Wheat, 1,083,438 bushels; Indian corn, 87,106 bush` barley, 123,727 bushels; oats, 85,095 bushels. ttrhes 'LIVERPOOL, THURSDAY.—Second report : „di Futures are quiet. Trading: Graded September December 7s 6i to 7s qd, and buyers; March, to 7s 7d, and sellers ; May value, 78 aid. Futures are nominal, the undertone being rather e

BUTTER. CORK, THURSDAY.—Ordinary: Firsts, 100 s; Eec 93s ; thirds, 89s ; fourths 81. s ; superfine, 1009 ; 925; chcice, 89s. Fresh butter from 99s to 899.

===== 0002601_19091002_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
HARVEST FESTIVALS,

(Continued from Page Y. WARRINGTON PARISH CHURCEL oa The harvest festival services were commercec,lcep. Thursday evening at the Parish Church. Thcf.,, oS Archdeacon Madden preached on the text " this day our daily bread and forgive us our sins As of said that the text emphasised the two great nee",ol. man—bread for the body and forgiveness for thf„„tioa The preacher dwelt at length upon the dist'„"ci the between the stinginess of the gifts of lilac 8-eetlf bountifulness of the gifts of God. The choir sic, MP rendered the anthem While the earth remiinetb; Greenough taking the tenor solo. The churOt ocf been very artistically decorated with flowers, fral cereals.

• HOLY TRINITY CHURCH • Thurk ' Harvest festival services were commenced day evening at Holy Trinity Church, when the !lie 000 E. Glenn, rector of Mainstone, Salop, preacheu.sbetb' the text " Labour not for the meat which Peri Wei but for the meat which endureth unto everlaBtic3oho7 which the Son of man shall give unto you. Ow,. tbe 27th verse). In the sermon he made reference ."'billee fact that they were commemorating the fourth Jul, anniversary of the consecration of the ohorC.'raiset September 1709. The anthem " All Thy works, P. DIP Thee" was well rendered by the ch 011.• Randall was at the organ.

CHRIST CHURCH,' LATCHFORD. 00 burc. • tf There was a large congregation at this c Thursday evening, when the harvest tharLico,b;oti' services commenced. The churc'h had been veil "—fest, fully decorated with choice flowers fruit, and tre hsl. ted products. The chancel rails were artisticalll with gladioli and bulrushes, and the pulpit was delicares• embellished with pink chrysanthemums and gr.°, C' The evensong was conducted by the Vicar (Reif the Briggs) and the sermon was preached by the Pie,,; ; the Hon. C. F. Cross, vicar of Stretton, who dwelt ilreboil virtue of humility and child-like faith- eau rendered festal music, including a harvest antilieVting the Magnifle,at was beautifully sung toil special s'''" Mr. T. L. Fry was at the organ. Warrirmton.—Printed and published by JorlN,toiset Co., (Warrington) Ltd., at The Pr asc General Printing Works, Bewsey-stretod Age published by them at the same place '-rO9 at The Examiner Offices, Viotoria-roa4 cfmo.• z'streez 32, George-street, ST. HELENS: 3, Mark" 1.904' EARLZSTO WN; church-street Etymons Oct. 211c1)

===== 0002601_19091002_art0153.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
VI

===== 0002601_19091002_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
WHEATLEY KIRK _PRICE & Go, Manchester, London & Newcastle-on-Tyne, Undertake periodical VALUATIONS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION OF WORKS, PLANT, MACHINERY & STOCK AT SPECIAL RATES. 16, Albert Square, Manchester.

/VY"IVEVSEICCOMPEEETATaaNGTOTI" TO-MORROW, (SUNDAY), OCTOBER 3RD, 1909. PREACHER: REV. J. YONGE. n, Morning 10-30. Evening 6-30. -Ole Ordinance of the Lord's Supper after Evening Service. P.S.A. for Men at 3 P.m. AIESLEYAN METHODIST BIBLE CLASS LEAGUE (WARRINGTON CIRCUIT) 4138L1C MEETING & UNITED RALLY OF BIBLE CLASSES. SUNDAY AFTERNOON, OCTOBER 10TH 1909, IN BOLD STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH. ADDRESS BY ROBERT CAMERON, ESQ., M.P. BOLD STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), OCTOBER 3nl), Morning 10.30. Rev. DINGLEY P. FUGE. Evening 6.30. Rev. THOMAS MILLER. All welcome. Hymn Books provided. BEWSEY ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH WA.R4INaTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), OCTOBER. 3RD. Morning 10.30. Rev. THOMAS GLADDING. Evening 6.30. Rev. DINGLEY P. FUGE. All welcome. Hymn Books provided. LATCHFORD BAPTIST CHURCH. b TO-MORROW (SuxnAr), OCTOBER 31n). REACHER REV. J. W. VARLEY (St. Annea on-Sea.) OFFERTORIES. Morning 10.30. Evening 6. BAPTIST CHURCH, GOLBORNE STREET. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) OCTOBER 3Rn. Morning 10.45. Evening 6.30. REV. R. E. LETHEREN. Brotherhood Meeting in Church at 3. l'lrst of Series on "ISAIAH ' ; "Prophet and Patriot."

PALACE AND HIPPODROME. PROPRIETOR: MR. FRANK MACNAGHTEN, • MANAGER : MR. ERIC LONGDEN. A FIRST CLASS VAUDEVILLE ENTERTAINMENT. FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS COME AND WITNESS. 7 and 9.—EVERY EVENING.-7 and 9. HAIRCOMBINGS I made up 2/- pr oz COVERLETrE I TAILS OF 1 J FROM HAIR FRAMES, I PURE FROM 3[6 EACH. I HAIR. T. S. BROWN, 3, LEECE ST. (CAR STATION), LIVERPOOL.

VISE OUR PLATES.—HALF-PLATES is. 4d., Quatter-plates 7Ad., per. doz. P.O.P. or GhS- light Post-cards 100 Is. 41d. Mounts, backgrounds &c. Samples free.—Works, JULY RD., LIVERPOOL.

K WILLI M O 0 00 PROFESSOR ORGAN LESSONS AT LYMM PARISR CHURCH. PIANOFORTE LESSONS at Pupils Residence or at 121, CHURCH STREET, RUNCORN AND BROOKFIELD VILLAS, LYMM. "\T\TARRINGTON GARDEN SUBURBS, LIMITED.SPLENDID DBUILDINGSITES at GRAPPENHALL and GREAT SANKEY. Special advantages • moderate ground rents.—Apply to the Secretary, ARTHUR BENNETT, Chartered Accountant, Market Gate Chambers, Warrington. WHY PAY LOCAL HIGH PRICES, when you have the BEST QUALITY MEAT at WHOLESALE RATES? Wing Hits and Sirloins 7id. per lb ; Top- side, Silverside, 74d. per lb. -; Grass-fed Lamb, hind- quarters, id. per lb.; forequarters, sd. per lb. Carriage paid for P.O. ss. and upwards. WILLIAMS MEAT CO., _ $2B, CENTRAL MEAT MARKET, LONDON, E.C. INCOME TAX. ARE YOU OVER-ASSESSED? If so, forward Notice of Assessment and any other Tax Papers to JOSEPH DIXON, F.A.A. INCOME TAX SPECIALIST, MOOT HALL CHAMBERS, WIGAN. Over 20 years' Official Practical Experience nf Taxes in the Offices of Assessors, Collectors, and Surveyors of Taxes.

WARRINGTON WOMEN'S CIRCLE. SUNDAY, OCT. 3rm, AT 3 O'CLOCK. CHAIR: MRS. JAMES SMETHURST. SPEAKER • MRS. DODDS. SOLOIST: MISS MAUD HIPKISS. PRESENTATION OF BOOKS BY THE MAYORESS. MONDAY, AT 8 P.M., FIRST MUSICAL DRILL. -MISSES PARKER AND BELL. WEDNESDAY, AT 8 P.M., LIMELIGHT LECTURE. CHAIRMAN: DR. JOSEPH. TUESDAY, AT 3 P.M., MONTHLY TEMPERANCE MEETi:\ SPEAKER:

PRELIMINARY ,NOTICE. 'll7 ARRINGTON WOMEN'S LIBERAL ASSOCIATION. ANNUAL TEA AND CONCERT. MONDAY, OCTOBER 18TH, 1909. Further particulars later. MRS. E. C. OSBORNE, Hon. Sec. IVARRINGTON INFIRMARY DISPENSARY. THE ANNUAL CONCERT IN CONNECTION WITH THE WORKINGMEN'S COMMITTEE WILL TAKE PLACE IN THE PARR HALL, PALMYRA SQUARE, TO-NIGHT (SATURDAY), OCTOBER 2NID. TICKETS : Front Seats and Centre Gallery, 25.; Side Gallery,ls. IE Gallery and Body of Hall, Gd. „ TICKET-HOLDERS ADMITTED at 6.95. Non- atgeket-holders at 7 o'clock. Concert to commence 7.30.

PRELIMINARY NOTICE. POPULAR SATURDAY NIGHT CONCERTS. GRAND OPENING NIGHT. SATURDAY NEXT 9TH OCTOBER. FULL PARTICULARS IN NEXT WEEK'S ISSUE.

ROYAL COURT THEATRE, WARRINGTON. PROPRIETOR : MR. JOSEPH BEECHAM. GENERAL MANAGER • Mn. A. M. LOADER. ACTING MANAGER: *MR. NORMAN LATHAM. MONDAY OCT. 4TH, AND THE FOLLOWING NIGHTS. MR. EUGENE STAFFORD'S CO., in the most laughable of all farcical corned iea THE PRIVATE SECRETARY PRECEDED BY THE WILD MAN FROM BORNEO. Doors open at 6.45. Commence 7.30. MATINEE THURSDAY, 2.30. NEXT WEEK Mr. George Dance's Company in "MISS HOOK OF HOLLAND." Box Office Now Open.

REPUTATION MAINTAINED FOR GOOD TEA. PRICES 2/2, 2/4, 2/6 and 2/8 per 11). THE NATIONAL TEA CO., 16, HORSEMARKET ST., WARRINGTON. ALSO IN OTHER TOWNS. The Cheques given with the Tea may be exchanged any day for Household Goods Eqnivalent to a dividend of 40 per cent. HEAD ESTABLISHMENT: 150 and 15, Friargate, Preston.

ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS. SICKNESS, EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY, BURGLAR AND FIDELITY GUARANTEE RISKS INSURED AGAINST BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS ASSURANCE CO. CAPITAL (fully subscribed). 21,000,000 CLAIMS PAID £5,600,000 84, CORNHILL, LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary, MANCHESTER OFFICE: 16 JOHN DALTON ST. Agents required in unrepresented districts. AGENIS : Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Queen's Chambers, Sankey st. Warrington Mr. W. H. RIGBY, Nesscliffe, Victoria rd., Latchford. St. Helens Mr. J. B.LEACH, Hardshaw-street Haydock Mr.). BILLINGE, The Willows Sandbach Mr. F.J. FINLOW, Rookery Bridge

HARRIS'S ANTI-DYSPEPTIC PILL, GUARANTEED PURE VEGETABLE (FREE FROM MINERALS). SURE CURE FOR INDIGESTION, CONSTIPATION and LIVER TROUBLES, TRY ONE Box. THEY SPEAK FOR THLMSELVES. In Boxes is. 9d. and 2s. 9d. direct only from M. HARRIS, GREASBY, BIRKENHEAD.

THE MEDICAL INSTITUTE OF ELEC- TRICITY.—DO YOU SUFFER from Rheu- matism, Sciatica, Insomnia, Nervous Prostration, Loss of Memory, Paralysis, Deafness, Neuralgia, Stammer- ing, Pains in the Head and Back, Depression of Spirits, Dimness of Sight, Dread of Future Events, Nervous Timidity? ALL NERVOUS and MENTAL DIS- ORDERS CURED by Dr. Fisher, U.S.A.. Brain and Nerve Specialist, 263, Kensington, LIVERPOOL.. 10 to 3 and sto 8 p.m. Modern Scientific Massage and Electro.Vibro Medical Massage. Electricity. Con- sultations free. 4414 , ,

EDITH .TEX BEGS TO ANNOUNCE THAT SHE HAS RETURNED FROM LONDON WITH A CHOICE STOCK OF AUTUMN NOVELTIES IN , MATERIALS BLOUSES CORSETS GLOVES NECK WEAR TRIMMINGS SKIRTS ' UNDERCLOTHING HOSIERY BELTS LACES UNDERSKIRTS DRESSING-GOWNS FRILLINGS ETC. ETC. SPECIALITIES-MILLINERY, DRESSES AND COSTUMES. 57, BRIDGE ST., WARRINGTON. OPPOSITE RYLANDS STREET;

SECRETARIES AND SHORTHAND TYPISTS. The New Extension of SKERRY'S COLLEGE allows for Fifty more Students in the Department for the training of Youths and Young Ladies as Secretaries, Bookkeepers, Cashiers, Shorthand-Typists and Clerks. Early Application for Enrolment is necessary. Illustrated Office Training Prospectus Post Free. SKERRY'S COLLEGE, 27, LEECE STREET, LIVERPOOL.

A -,,,.• ~,ir. . -... ... ,_ ...• . ---- _ _,...,),..- ~0k ~ • 0.,..A.,. -...• 2 . . • /. k,.., -,---4" • , -, ' ',. ..„ ..--__ ' Ntlf -,3- 1( [ fz ( -,-. \,N ~ ,-- / -, i.'•• ~. 1.,, '4, ‘L\ , ' . , . , ~.. A,.• , ew Styles ,(''''', ,i ~ •Vtitti --A, , t for • , :..;-, ?fre, ,i th. t.',',....,;.:0,,,,,,,,, U -,..5,•,...1,„ 141 ).... , . V f (''' i ''..'.''..Z.V"./%1 /,'.; ' ,\-- V' ‘ ~ \„- .'i,•:.7 .... ,/, ;:,,‘',,•:,'",_- ///i, 1,,, pl. ii i,..,•////4 vi., t.; ~ ;.,..•1 • id . F.,..: , \ ' k ,•,,,.- I, •,, „, I ,• 1 H .. ' :,.?. , • , r ' /..:"'., ~ '/".i • -I, -.... c-......• - ... '

W. T. WILLIAMS, White House, Sankey Street, WARRINGTON,

"JUST LIKE BUTTER" in EVERY respect. This is what everyone is saying about "GOLDEN FLEECE" MARGARINE and its the truth. Experts have failed to distinguish it from BEST butter. All Grocers of repute sell "GOLDEN FLEECE" MARGARINE AT per Bd. pound Or 112 pounds for a 1/.. Free Samples are to be had for the asking.

ROBERT WOOD, TAILOR AND COSTUMIER, AUTUMN GOODS NOW SHOWING FOR GENTS AND LADIES. .STYLISH TAILORING. Reasonable Prices. A LARGE STOCK OF PEERLESS RAINCOATS, IN ALL SHAPES, READY TO WEAR FROM 255. MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON.

LOWER THAN LONDON'S LOWEST PRICE—ALWAYS. The cold nights will soon be here and your thoughts will naturally turn to heavier bed covering. You need blankets now, so why not buy and be prepared for the chilly nights when they come? We have an entirely new stock of good, strong, warm blankets. All purchased before the recent rise in the price of wool. A special feature—they are all summer dried. All-Wool Cloth Blankets from 9/11 pair. Woollenette Blankets, light, warm, and comfortable, 4/1 1 and 6/1 1 pair. The Famous Cotswold Blankets from 19/6 pair. The Cotswold Blankets have held an unrivalled reputation for over 30 years. They are noted for their lightness, durability, and great warmth. We guarantee them to be all wool; and entirely free from any foreign hair. They are the most perfect blankets yet produced and are recommended with the utmost confidence. J. 0 W. DUTTON, 16, 18, 20, Sankey Street, Warrington.

FURNISH FOR CASH OR EASY TERMS LOWEST PRICES IN THE KINGDOM, AT THE pIoNEER LlirE BOLDST:oEpE,Te:L. FINEST STOCK OUT OF LONDON. Goods at Prices to Suit all Pockets. Large Illustrated Furnishing Guide, 124 pages of Smart Goods Post Free.

irEINAr-E of READY.RIADE GLASSFS a , , , ----0-5-----,, --r.7,--!,-- •-. ',,, • i-.- •• - --...-7,%-,,...... 4 ,:i- .--,-..4-4.N4-..--; .: -.. • ..: .-- ....-.'--,e, •44,:i;,..; v _.,-,,.",,,,,!:,,,,,...- •;:-. ,i-ir,„:,---t. „•- •-- -,--,;_ --...--- „..v____,..:. • . :.w,,,,,,, ...,, , 4--.4-4, • ....,„_-_,:-...,-, • --......,..4, fz-c---,---% 4,v,----- -,-- ~..iff-= -7- ,`,' , It is hardly possible to exaggerate the importance of the proper and scientific adjustmer.t of suitable lenses t 3 the eyes cr the danger of choosing Glasses recklesslysor picking them up at random just because they 51 i ghtlf magnify or seem to suit. "'here is no more difficult or tedious part of tl-e Eyesight Specialist's work that arriving at the right kind of Glasses to prescribe, and there is nothing so vita to thA welfare and safety of the eyes as the choice of the correct lenses. The Eye is in extremely delicate organ with a complicated and delicate mechanism, so thqt to preserve it Gla,ises need to be cautiously and critically adjusted. Experience shows the'll in no way are the eyes more frequently injured then by the injudicious selection of Glasses. Ourchargesare low` jiMAFIS--eri ON fllc-47-1-IS4III Eyesight Specialist, 84, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. - _ . Hours of Business : 0.30 to 7.30. Saturday 9.`ZO to 9. PLrASE NOTE Johnston Watson attends cn Monday and Tuesday from 11 to 4.30, Wednesday 11 to • • 5 30 Thursday 11 to], Frieas and Sattaday 11 to 5.t?0, or Ey al pointment.

Miscellaneous, On Sales, ect ANALYSIS BOOKS, 13 by 8 with 3,4, 5,7, 9, 13 and 14 sets caih columns,loo pages is. 9d., 200 2s. 9d., postage 3d. 4d_ —Sat.TwoE a 5,36, AL oorfields,London B.C.

ARMY BLUCHERS.-4,000 pairs Sewn Bluchers, best leather, any size, post free, ss. 6d.; cash returned if not approved of.—H. J. GAssos,Govern- meat Contractor, Rye.

ASTOUNDING OFFER.—Gent's keyless watches, guaranteed, 3s. 6d. post free. Single watches at wholesale prices.—FROMANTS WORKS, 240, Woolwich rd., Charlton, S.E.

B ALLROOM DANCING.—Learn at home; Weqt's practical self-tutor; post free is. 7d.—R. WEST, Park rd., Farmham, Surrey. BEAUTIFUL complexion instantly produced. Use Terry Theatrical preparation • creates bloom of youth. Is. 3d. post free.—REm, 9, Alberta rd., Enfield London. Tea LANKETS, Pants, Shirts, &c.—Good quality Witney Blankets, only few dozen, full size, Bs. pair, smaller 6s. 6d.; Men's good quality flanelette Shirts, 3 for Bs. 6d., 6 for 6s. 6d. ; Merino Pants and Vests same price; 2s. in the .£ off all orders over .£1 ; friends combine; money returned if unsatisfactory.— HOWSE, 132, Coventry rd., Birmingham. pONJURING TRICK you can do; list free.—N. FEGOMBERG, 117, 127, Hoxton at., London, N. CLEARANCE SALE.-8 select postcards, 6d. post free, all different. —PHELPS, Knebworth, Herts.

fIOWLINE.—Por sore texts and swollen udders, a certain cure. Nothing like it on the market, send is. for large tin post paid.—SRAWYER, Chemist, Swindon, Wilts. CHEMICAL Balances, Weights, Cameras Levels, Theodolites, Typewriters, Chemicals, and Apparatus.—Jaluisos, 10 Strawberry Bank, Blackburn. Send for list. Scientific apparatus bought for cash, exchanged, or sold on commission.

C, AST-OFF CLOTHING. highest possible price offered, ladies, gents, children's clothing: utmost value for fashionable Ferments, furs, motor clothing, &c.; distance immaterial.—Parcels carriage-forward to Mrs. R. DAvis, 105, High at., Aston, Birmingham COFFEE.—If you want delicious Brazilian Coffee, pure and cheap, buy direct from the actual planters; lib. is. 2d., 2lbs. 2s. 3d., 51b. 55.; packed in tins and sent carriage free on receipt of postal order. State if wanted ground or whole berry.—MCKINLAY, SYMONS 6: CO., 6, South st., Finsbury, London, E.C. DRAIN PIPES (Agricultural), moulded and Common Bricks, Terra Cotta, and Patent Partitions. Pamphlet on drainage post free.—JeßEz THOMPSON, Terra Cotta Works, Northwich. IONGLISH made Guns from 39s.—Apply forcatalogue 1.14 A. GARDNER, 18, Bath at., Birmingham. ELLABY'S Classified Humorous Stories; motor series; patronised by Punch artistes; send 31d. stamps,book os.ELLAuv,Fleet St. Post 0 ffice,Lond.

IOXCEPTIONAL OFFER.—Manufacturers stock I-% White Lace Curtains, 3 yards long 3s. 9d. per pair, worth 4s. ltd.—WEL-LAND, Curtain Specialist, Station rd., Haslemere. EXCELLENT imported Cigars, very mild and fragrant, Bs. per 50, 15s. 9d. per 100, carriage paid; money returnettwitbout argument if cigars do not give unqualified satisfaction; samples 6 for ls.—E. H. PHILLIPS, Dresden, Staffs.

LECTRICITY IS LlFE.—Electric Magnetic Shock- -124 ing Coil; latest invention; no batteries required; lasts a lifetime; cheapest practical machine made 3s. 6d. post free; full instructions.—T. JONES 4S; Co., Electrical Engineers, 82, Whitechapel, Liverpool.

100 R SALE, good £5 INSURANCE BOOK, Royal .12 London Association.—Apply M. FLYNN, 87,Dallam ant', Warrington.

FRESH SHELLED COCKLES, will send packet post paid on receipt of P.O. ls.—JotiN THOM AS, Fisherman, Ferryside, Carmartheoshire.

FORMULA and cost of ingredients of greatly adver- tised blood mixture, post free. P.O. Is. Id.— EDWARD HEYWOOD, Churchyard Side, Nantwich. VINE quality plain Net, for making blouses, dresses, 12 etc white 6d.; cream or ecru 7d., black Bd. per yard. Width 40 inches.—F. BAILLON, Rosebery Avenue, Bridgford, Nottingham. CAREY HAIR restoted to its natural colour by " ZOEDONE" the colourless fluid; hair colour REVIVER, ss.—Mr. BEVAN, Periton House, Cowes.

VICTIMS OF FATE. IF you wish to possess the secrets of love, to see your luck turn from bad to good, to cast a charm or evade one, and to have wealth, health, beauty, and happiness, write to MoottYs, the Red Sorcerer, 16, Rue de l'Echiquier. Paris, who will send you his curious ittle book cost free. K- EE P FROM DAMP.—White, Indiarubber Water- proof Sheets, 46m. by 421n.' with brass eyelet holes, 2s. each; 7ft. by 4ft., 5g.; 6ft. by 6ft., 55.; or any size, prices in proportion; carriage paid; cash 'returned if not approved.—H. 3. GASSON, Rye. .OVELY POSTCARDS, 6d. dozen; pictures 6d. pair.—Krgo, 181, Merton rd., Wimbledon.

LOOK ! 50 Articles, best Sheffield TABLE CUTLERY 20s.—T. JAMES, St. Mary's lane, Malden, Essex.

LEGGINGS.—Smart military officer's appearance; just passed out of service for other patterns; very long laced up side ;will send a pair post free for 19 stamps —From H.. 1. GASSON, Government Contractor, Rye. 4IFELIKE PICTURES,—With a view to introduc- ing our magnificent photographs we are for one weekaccepting orders at one quarter the itimal price. If you will send us a postal order for 55., and a picture of your self, or anyone dear to you, we will send you free of any further charge, a m4gnificent enlargement, handsomely mounted, size two feet by one foot seven inches, hand finished in monochrone, to any address in the United Kingdom. THE SURVEY PHOTOGRAPHS CO, 6, CUEAPSIDE, LONDON, S.C. MODEL monoplanes; perfect fliers • price 7s. 6d each, post free.—ThoßoGoon, fliers; Way Letchworth.

.114ILITAI3Y Knee Boots, smart appearance, 7s. 6d. iV-1- per pair; Naval Knee Boots, very strong 6g. 6d. per pair ; Bluchers, ss. 6d. per pair; any size carriage paid; cash returned if not approved of.-41. J. GASSON, Rye. MILITARY Clothing.-4.000 good large, Dark Grey or Blue Waterproof Cloth Overcoats for Sale; put out of service for other pattern ; either carriage paid, 7s. 6d. ; name size required ; Oilskin Serge-lined Police Capes ss. ; large Blue Cloth Police Capes, ss. 6d.; either above carriage paid.—ll. GASSON, Govern- ment Contractor, Rye.

'JEW CLIENTS Post Is. for trial wire; if beaten, -LA nest Free.—LAwDENDE, 34, Denmark at. Aston. N 0 VELT Y,—Ch i na-pain ted Brooches, gold mount s. $ sizes, Is. 2d., is. 5d., is. Bd. Hat pins Is. 2d. post. free.—CorsoN, Eastwood Place, Hanley, St ails. NAILS LIKE DIAMONDS. • IVAILSHINE ' is a preparation for beautifying .1.1 and polishing the nails. In 30 seconds a polish is obtained that excels and outlasts any manicuring. A bottle will be sent post free for Is.—MADAME NORA WILLIAMS, 6, Cheapside, London, E.C.

Miscellaneous On Bales, etc. . TRELLIS WORK.—Refuse foreign, buy British. 12ft. x lft. 3i' n. 10d. per piece. Other sizes stocked; wholesale or retail. Prices on application, stating quantity required. Crossed trellis end nails stocked ; last twice as long ; very little extra cost. —JENNINGS AND Co., 336, Pennywell rd., Bristol. 1110 GROCERS, Provision Men, Butchers &c., 1 Lancashire town, fine commodious shop premises at present doing a cash Grocery and Butchers Business, £3O weekly; price freehold £835; private house let off; good living; owner going abroad; photo, particulars.— Apply 1529 a UTTONS, Business and Property Salesmen, Uttons Chambers, Preston, Lancs.'

ITEILS, VEILS, VElLS.—Three Veils (perfect), V l yards long, 18 inches wide; various colours and pasterns ; post free, Is. ld.—Mrs. HAWLEY, 400, Berridge road, Nottingham. WADS WORTH'S TUNE PIANOS.-59, Sankey at Warrington. Wt, WATERPROOF Covers, cash returned if no approved of ; same material and pliable as rail- way sheets, 121 t. by 9ft., 12s. ; 15ft. by Oft., 15s. ; and so on, made to any size at is. per sq. yard, with lashes. Superior stout rot-proof Green Canvas, is. 6d. sq. yard, with lashes; Horses' strong canvas, Loin Cloths lined with Army Tugging, 46ins. by 38ins., 3s. All Leather. Head Stalls, any size 2s. 6d. each. Neck Collars, any size, Os. 6d. each. Quantity large pieces Tarpaulin, 255, cwt. ; odd pieces suitable for roofing, at- -Bs. cwt.—H. J. GASSON, Government Contractor, Rye. 1,000 BILLHEADS or MEMOS, 45.; 1,000 Cards, 4s. or 58.—DA.Lus, 39, Park at., Cambridge. 109 00 0 lle cleared, icacdointsei Fountain ra y Lew" mustcost o b f manufacture, post free,22.—Send P.O. to HARGREAVES SZ CO., Dept. P., 41, Corporation st., Manchester. 6 4 PAGE BOOK ABOUT HERBS and how to use them, Post free. Send for one.—TramNELL The Herbalist, 144, Richmond rd., usrdiff. EstAblished 378.

GRILTNA : for RHEUMATISM, NEURALGIA, &a GRILTNA : for SCIATICA, LUMBAGO, &c. Try a bottle of GRILTNA. This most excellent remedy gives sure relief. Do not fail to give it a trial. In bottles (post free), 9d., Is. 71., 2s. 3d. GRILTNA CO., 74, FLEET STREET, LONDON, E.C.

WANTED.—Modern Typewriters, out of order or disused. Cash.—JoLLEy, 294, Wallgate, Wigan. AGENTS wanted Private Xmas Cards, book free, highest com.—HEnt,ls2, Chatham at. ,Liverpool. SITUATION S VACANT, all parts country. Both sexes. Enclose two stamps.—AcsALA, Fairfield at., Leicester. WANTED, AGENTS Everywhere, 15s. salary and corn. ; stamp reply.-52, BULWER Edmonton, London. 22 WEEKLY.—Splendid opportunity, either sex Particulars, stamped envelope.—Acsns, 211, Seven Sisters rd., London.

AUENTS.—To sell Patent Novelty. Full particulars will be sent on receipt of an addressed stamped envelope.-89 CONSTITUTION HILL, Birmingham. A GENTS %%anted Private Xmas Cards, either sex splendid selection, best commission, sample book free.—Apply RILEY BROS., 6, Glover at., Preston.

AGENT wanted for Horse, Cattle, In-foal Mare and Fire Insurance references required.—UNlTED FARMERS' INSURANCE Co., V oodhouse Lane,Leeds.

WANTED Head VANNIAN ; one thoroughly experienced with horses to take full responsz- bility of stable.—Apply LATCHFORD STEAM LAUNDRY

AN ungT U RE KS' AGENTS,TRAVEIALERS,with I.VI connections,to represent unique side line to docks, wharves, quarries constructional engineers and con- tractors. Liberdcommission paid.—Apply ENGINEER, 194 Palmerston House, London, E.C. A USTRALIA.-300 Experienced FARM HAN DS required for New South Wales. Situations guaranteed. Special fare of £6. Enquiries should be sent at once to RIDG WAY BROS., N.S.W. Government Selectors, 82, Factory st., Atherton, Lanc. WANTED First-class FOREMAN for Coppersmiths, and Tinsmiths' Depsrtment, making Copper, Tin and Sheet-iron goods for gas appliances; must have had good experience, which state fully and wages required to Box F.C., " Examiner" Office, Warrington. KNACKERS! KNACKERS ! ! KNACKERS ! ! Best possible prices given for dead or worn out Horses or Cattle. Prompt removal on the shortest notice any distance up to 16 miIes.—ENGLISII PRODUCTS CO., LTD., Menure Manufacturers, Longford Works Warrington. Telegrams " Stearine," Warrington Telephone 299. WANTED, SEVERAL SMART ME* AGES 18, TO 30. to learn MOTORING and DRIVING. Be up to the Limes and Earn Good Money. Each man whom we teach is fully qualified to take charge of amotor car. Terms, £5 ss. Take time by the forelock a nddo not misi this splendid opportunity to learn a ood business. Full narticulars upon application.—COLLEGE GARAGE, COLLEGE ST., FULHA MRD., SMITH KENSINGTON, LONDON EARNEST YOUNG MEN WILL FIND A USEFUL AND PROFITABLE SPHERE IN THE SERVICE OF THE PIONEER LIFE ASSURANCE CO. Those resident in Lancashire Yorlishire, Midlands Newcastle, North and South Wales preferred. PARTICULARS POST FREE. PIONEER LIFE OFFICE, 67, DALE ST. LIVERPOOL.

BIIXTON.—BRUNSWICK BOARDING ESTAB- LISHMENT.— Billiards. Moderate terms.— Proprietors, MISSES WRIGHT. BLACKPOOL.—VISITORS who enjoy the NORTH PIER and Mons. Speelman's Celebrated Band should btay at the NORTH PIER PRIVATE HOTEL Delightfully and conveniently situated on the front. Moderate Tariff. Tel. 400.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMTIED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL ALSO AT 70, & 71, EUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

SOUTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL STREET. ESTIMATES GIVEN. CHOIR PARTIES, PICNICS &C., TESTIMONIALS FROM ALMOST EVERY TOWN IN LANCASHIRE. Telephone 0465. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN.

Apartments, Furnished Houses, &c A CCOMMODATION.—Superior for Confinements.— Ca. SIMPSON, 21, West Maitland st., Edinburgh. AVIATION WEEK.—APARTMENTS with or with- out board, South view.—SCHOLFIELD, 29, Levers Grove, Blackpool. -L-1 A NSDELL, LYTHAM.—PubIic and Private APART- MENTS, pteasintly situated; terms reasonable.• —Mrs. JONES, 28, Derby rd. A BERYSTWITH.— Comfortable APARTMENTS, .C 1 close to sea and stntion. Bath, h. & c.—Mrs. JAMES, Penbryn, Nortbgate st. A CCOUCHMENT.—SeIect private Country House. L 1 Certified and registered Midwife. Trained nurses. Terms moderate.—PRINCIPAL, Malvern House, G re,asby, Birkenhead. BLACKPOOL.—Two minutes from Central Station and sea; piano.—Mrs. WHITEHEAD, 59 Albert rd. BLACKPOOL.—Home from home; central; bed, cooking, attendance; is. each.—Mrs. WEST, 25, Hornby rd. BLACKPOOL.—Public and private APARTMENTS. Near sea, station, amusements.—Mrs. F. SMITH, 94, Albert rd. BLACKPOOL.—:APARTMENTS, minute from Areo Club, sea, pier, tram; links.—MuNnow, 18, Osbonie rd., South Shore. LACKPOOL.—Comfor table APARTMENTS, very central; near Talbot rd. Station; terms reason- abie.—Mrs. LOMAX, 38, Cookson st. 1114OURNEMOUTIL—Excellent suite of rooms, would divide as required, or board-residence, good references.—B., Oakleigh, Snowdon rd. 1101LACKPOOL.—Aviation Week, Central Drive close to sea and trams; bed 2s. two persons, board optional.—Mrs. H. E. SIDEBOTHAII, 24, Rothsay rd. BUXTON.—APARTMENTS, Farmhouse, in Peak of Derbyshire, with rabbit shooting.—HENßY ABELL, Biggin Grange, Hartington. BLACKPOOL.—Clean homely APARTMENTS, is. -111-JP each person. Near Central S tat ion.—Mrs. SHEARD, 6l, Albert rd. BLACKPOOL.—Aviation week. Trams pass the door to the grounds. 2s. 3d. bed and breakfast. Full board ss. per day.—Mrs. E. BROWN, 144, Central Drive. -LP RIGHTON.—SPLENDID RESIDENCE overlook- unrivalled sea front; 11 bedrooms; well fur- nished; ten guineas • unfurnished £l6O. Others £26 to £llo.—YouNas, Auctioneers, Second Avenue, Brighton

COMFORTABLE LODGINGS with or without Board; terms moderate.-22, ORCHARD ST., Stockton Heath.

COLWYN BAY.—Furnished Unfurnished Houses, Apartments. Send stamp and requirements.— MELLOR and ALLEN. COMFORrABLE HOME for ladies or gentleman for winter months; terms mod.—MOUNT PLEASANT, Albert rd., Old Colwyn. COLWYN BAY.—Rooms to Let, September terms; good attendance 2 • bath; piano.; electric light.— Mrs. ROBERTS, Llys 131od Wen. COUNTRY APARTMENTS, near picturesque Ribble V Valley; public or private; 2s. 6d. a day, bed and board.—Mrs. Rico, Homely Cottage, Copster Green, near Blalliburn. DOUGLAS.—Beds 25., one person Is. Gd. Comfort- able and homely. Near pier.—E. QUILLIAM, 12, Buck's rd.

L LAN DU DNO.-Comfortable APARTMENTS; terms moderate.—HUGHES, Ivvnboe, Madoo st. LYTHAM.—APARTMENTS near to station, sea,tram Piano. Terms moderate.—Mrs.HowE, 6,Ashton at LLANDUDNO and NORTH WALES COAST:—For Furnished and Unfurnished Houses.—Apply M RYAN, Estate Agent and Auetioner, Llandudno. L LAN DUDNO.—Comfortable private APART- MENTS; bright airy rooms; personal super- vision.—G REM, "Victoria," queen's rd. Close to sea.

LONDON.—Superior APARTMENTS for Visitor by day or week; moderate terms; board optional; quiet; central.—Write requirements, MANAGERESS, 41, Bernard st., Russell square.

I\TEW BRlGHTON.—Comfortable Homely APART- MENTS, near Prom.—Mrs. CARLISLE, Ivy Lea, 19, Tollemacbe at. - XTORTH WALES.—RhyI (sunny, bracing).—APART- MENTS facing sea ; near Marine Gardens; every comfort.—Mrs. B. WILLIAMS, Swansea House, West Parade, Rbyl. lalßESTATYN.—Furnished, Unfurnished Bungalows Houses, Land, Let or Sale ; stamp.-INGLEFIELD, Agent Prestatyn. VIDDRESTATYN.—ComfortabIe SITTING ROOM,' or 1 2 Bedrooms for winter months.—Mrs. CHILD, 8, Purbeck terrace. OUTHPORT.—APARTMENTS, public or private. —Misses EVANS, 18, Bank Square, Promenade. SOUTHPORT.—Superior Public and Private APART- MENTS.; near station and pier.—Mrs. BOOTH, 15, Avondale rd. SOUTHPOR F.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, near Promenade, with or without board.—Misses CARTWRIGHT, 93, King st. IT. ANNES-ON-SEA.—DINING-ROOM with one or two bedrooms (reasonable) for period.—Mrs FARNWORTII, 63, St. Alban's rd. SCARBOROUGH.—PubIio or private. Highest references. Absolutely central. Terms moderate. —Mrs. CARTER, Gresham House, 1. Vine st. SUNN WORTHlNG.—Furnished House, sea views, 10 rooms, rent 355. Further particulars, also Property Register containing properties, every descrip- ion.—NOßMAN Pc SPENCER, AUetlOßeerS. TORQUAY.—Bedroom sitting; near sea, trams, rail borne r )mforts ; moderate.—BoND, Abbotsfield, Chelston.

VTALE OF LLANGOLLEN.—Farmhouse APART- , MENUS to Let, furnished, from middle of Sept.; lovely views, bracing air; close to station and post office.--JACKSON, Gwernydd, Trevor, Llangollen. WARBURTON, CHESHIRE.—Picnic Parties and Cyclists catered for; moderate.—MlLLs, White- lake Farm. 22 50 Country House furnished free of charge. Write for particulars to Dou GLAS, 90, New Bond st., London, W.

Partnerships, Businesses. ALL PERSONS HAVING BUSINESSES TO SELL are advised to consult Mr. COWDELL LEGH ST., Warrington. CLI_OOD BEER and WINE HOUSE. Leaving through ill-health.—PßlNTEß'a ARMS, Harrison st., Pendleton. VfORECAMBE.—FISH and CHIP BUSINESS, with .01. Company House attached; death cause of leaving; cheap to immediate buyer.-47, PEDDER ST. MILLINERY, DRESSMAKING, & FANCY GOODS.—Good position, good living accom- modation ; rent, £l7. Stock and Fixtures at valuation. —Apply 95, HIGH ST., Golhorne.

_ rim BE SOLD by private treaty, valuation or other- wise,-1. a first-claEs CONFECTIONERY BUSI- NESS and RESTAURANT in the borough of Bacup.— Apply LAWSON, auctioneer, Bacup.

ml-OTOR BICYCLE, 3113. p, Triumph, magneto, new tyres, lamps, &-c. ; in perfect condition ; car be inspected by expert ; price £3o.—BtrubiELL, Woodland- rd., Whitby near Chester. SPECIAI. NOTICE.—For Sale, inspection - invited, several Cart and Van Collars, 3 sets secondhand, Van Harness and 5 sets New. Harness, all sizes.—J. FRY & Co., 138, dale at., Liverpool.

Education. H E PRIORY SCHOOL, WARRINGTON Principal: Miss DRING, L.L.A., A.C.P. Assisted by a qualified Staff, including B.A. and L.R.A.M. Prospectus on application.

CON VERSATIONAL FRENCEI AND GERMAN.— Madam COOKE, Friars' Green House. Translations promptly executed. VACANCIES.— Home-school, sea-coast—for two boarders, reduced fees. Specialist teaching.— Address TUITION, Examiner Office, Warrington.

CUMNOR COLLEGE, for Girls, Kenilworth.—High and bracing position, home training and comforts; large garden, gynasiurn, tennis, &c. ; Autumn term September 16. References and prospectus on application Vi SPE R AN T O.—T H E INTERNATIONAL 124 LANGUAGE. Learners Bookset, 7 stamps. Inquirers advised.—PlONlßA LIBREJO ESPER ANT°, Seilncourt rd. Tooting, London. MUSIC BY CORRESPONDENCE.—Mr. H. C. L. STOCKS, F.R.C.0., Organist of Yeovil Parish Church, gives lessons by correspondence in Composition and the Theory of Music; terms post free on applica- tion.—Address, The Park, Yeovil, Somerset. SOUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL.—AN IDEAL SCHOOL FOR BOYS. Languages, Science, and Commercial Subjects, Swimming, Gymnastics, Cadet Company. Staff includes 8.A., M.Sc., F'.C.V., Officier d' Academie, &c. Foreign pupils received. Prospectus rom HEADMASTER. MR.MEug, EOSrTganIVI and Choirmaster of St. Church, PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY, COUNTERPOINT, MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by Pupils. Large three- manual Organ for pupil's practice.—For terms apply 134, LOVELY LANE and LEG H ST., Warrington. MARPLE HIGH SCHOOL, CHESHIRE. Principals: The Misses RICHARDSON, High-class School for Girls and Young Boys; thorough education; pupils prepared for external examination if desired; special advantages offered in Music and Modern Languages, Beautiful country situation. Bracing Air boarders received.

Investments, Shares, Bcc. TEN PER CENT. Interest on small or large amounts. Company with good prospects.—Write W. F. C., 34 Gresham Street, London, E,C. FOREIGN STOCKS, Shares, Bonds, Coupons verified, registered, bought, sold • close market prices.—A. J. SCHNEIDAU, Stockbroker, 11, Place de Is Bourse, Paris

AFEW £5 shares available which in two or three months time will yield 10s. per week; bankers and other references.—Write "EXTENSION," 171, Broadway,Hanwell, London.

A_ BOON TO SMALL INVESTORS.—Sound Stock Exchange Investment Securities yielding Dividends of 4 per cent end higher, available for amounts from .ElO upward.—For full particulars apply to THE CON- SOLIDATED INVESTMENTS AGENCY, Finsbury Pavement House, London. E.C.

Matrimony. MATRIMONIAL G kZETTE.—Best Introductory Medium. In plain sealed envelope, 3d.-238, ECCLESHALL RD., Sheffield. MATRIMONIAL Introductions arranged, situations secured, state requirements. Particulars stamp. —Agency, 17, BRIMA E ST., Lcughboro'.

- - , - MATRIMONIAL MAGAZINE. The world's cheapest marriage medium. Free ads. Free introductions. Sealed copy, 3d.—G. GORE, 121, Chancery lane, London. Genuine. WIDOWER living in the outskirts of Warrington wishes to communicate with widow or spinster, with a little means. Age not under 40. View matri- mony.—Apply Box 98 Examiner Office, Warrington. MATRIMONY.—Lady, 32, domesticated, desires correspondence with educated, refined, suitable i Gentleman n good position, 30-50 ; genuine ; correspondence honourably treated.—Address, S.W., " Examiner " Office, Warrington.

Medical. GOUT.—Why salter; a reliable remedy, recipe, 6d.— PEARMAN, 30, Windsor st., Brighton. FULL DIRECTIONS for making 60 Patent Medicines, Is. ld.Posted.—J. WALsH, Mitford st.. Stretford. IPREE.-L-Nature's Health Restorer: Sample packet 12 free to all applicants.—E.BoYsE,69,Albion st. Leeds. BACKACHE CURE.-6d. brings prescription. (sth 100 doses.)—FLETcHER,SS Barr field rd. Pendleton ASTHMA Cured by simple, inexpensive herbs remedy; receipt 6cI.—ALLcHIN, Railway st., Northfleet, Kent. CORNS.—Comrotto cures Corns.—Not a liquid. No waste. Sure cure. Postal Order Bd.--(I",,,RICROTTO Co., 8, Wellesley Villas, Ashford, Kent. ZANPA PILES Treatment, 2s. 3d.• cure guaranteed: —Mr. and Mrs. ROBINSON, Piles Specialist, 82, Solway lane, Liverpool (from Bolton).

A FREE TRIAL BOTTLE of Rix's Neuralgia LIL. mixture—the guaranteed cure—post free to any address.—Rix, Chemist, Caversham, Reading.

TTLCERATED STOMACH. Patient absolutely cured C.) offers copy of Specialist's prescription for is. Id. A certain cure.—"D," Grasmere, Over, Cheshire. SUFFERERS from Chronic Scurf and Scalp troubles should use my unrivalled remedy is. 2d., free.— A. FOTHEROILL, 84, Borough rd., Middlesborough. BALDNESS and Grey Hair banished by using CARLTON'S "Reliable" Hair Restorer. Never fails. Large trial box 6d.-6 Leyton High rd.Stt:atford,E

Money. CASH ACCOMMODATION. 03 to £I,OOO.—INTEREST 2s. 6d. in the £ for agreed ow period. £3 repay £3 7s. 6d., £5 repay £5 129. 6cl £lO repay £ll ss. W. JACKSON, 6, PARKER ST., WARRINGTON-WONEY LENT from £2O to £5,000 on Note of 171 Hand. No security, no delay,strictest privacy,low interest,monthly and quarterly repayments or as fol1o:11,, £2O Loan from 5/- weekly.--£5O Loan from 12/. weeW £lOO Lean from 22/6 weekly. To avoid paying extortionate interest and heavy regsr • it at meats above your means,-Apply to SAMUELS I' 5 John Dalton at., Manchester. NO FEES. NO SURETIIE; £lO to £l,OOO on Note of Hand alone, to all classes without any delay or fuss. £lO repay 12s. monthly. £5O repay 50s. monthlY• £2O „ 20s. „ I £lOO , 80s. Special terms for short pesiods ; distance no object'? letters answered immediately; privacy guaranteed.-1'1„ KAY ,k 3 CO., 92, Market at., Manchester. Tel.: city 217

DAILI L'O'AV SESr A-)TOEES'irj NNENGLAND. £5 loan, Repay 2s. weekly 1 £25,10an, Repay 108. vieelu £lO „ „ 4s. ~ 1 £3O „ „ 12s. £l5 „ „ 6s. „ 1 £5O „ „ 20s. £2O „ „ Bs. „ 1 £lOO „ „ 355. n 0 No Sureties, no Delay, no Publicity. Special attentie applicants from this district. METROPOLITAN LOAN & DISCOUNT 219, BRUNSWICK ST., OXFORD RD., MANCHESTw% and at 19, WITTON ST., (over Bradley's Clothing Sb°P' NORTHWICIL —YOU. FIERE"S A CHANCE FOR £5 TO £5OO. Have the hard times affected you? Are you back in your rent or rates? Do you owe the Doctor, Grocer, or Any other bills? , WHY WORRY. Let me advance the money to pay off all those worrisome, bills, let me help you to get a fresh start. Your credit is good with me, you will be surprised to find how easy iit s to borrow money, and how easy to repay the loan. INTEREST LOW & REPAYMENT EASY. No matter what rates others advertise, or what rates you are paying, or have paid any other office, I will make you a roan at a lower rate of interest and easier reper ment. Call or write to the actual' lender, J. LORD, • 33, GOLBORNE STREET, (off Sankey Street), WARRINGTON. Opposite Golbome Street Church. --- WIDNES. £5, £7, £lO, £2O, £3O, £.50, £lOO. • ,g, ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRAP7I MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and :dr Respectable Householders, on their own security, out delay, on our simple written promise to pay 13513"'" FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS., M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDEP• FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION: MANAGER: JOHN E. GOODWIN, N.B—Warrington and Runcorn Applicant may renel'' Money any Evening at their own

PRIVATE CASH A CCOAMODATION. £3 TO £lOOO. BEST TERMS. LOWEST INTEREST AN9 REPAYMENTS IN ENGLAND. CASH ADVANCES MADE DAILY on the followlo. terms or as mutually agreed upon : £3 loan Is. Od. weekly I £lO loan 2s. 6d. wee,,ph £5 loan is. 6d. weekly f £2O loan ss. Od. weer,ll., £7 loan 2s. Od. weekly I £5O loan 12s. 6d. Other sums in same proportion. If you are in need of cash assistance you will do rig to apply to me at once and I will advance you sufacle.fe for your needs. Fair treatment and honest Lancasgl" dealings is my motto. -Strictest privacy observed. NO FINES. NO SURETIES. Apply in confidence by letter or personally to M. SEFTON. 31, CAIRO STREET, WARRINGTON. Miss C. COI TERILL (Manageress).

- Houses and Land on Sale ob IiZIREEHOLD FARMS FOR SALE in nr--I;f J h an -1: Columhia ; delightful climate, good churn school facilities. Send for List. be ALSO MORTGAGES for any Amounts can negotiated on absolutely safe Freehold Propertie_B4O British Columbia half valuation, 6 to 8 per c` interest. Best References. Full particulars of D. ROBB, 15, LEADEXHALL ST., LONDON.

Agricultural Produce' Plants ite, it ON SALE, a large quantity of Forest and rly, TREES, Shrubs, Sze., being overstocked.—APP • GARDENER, Villa-verdi, South Downs rd., Bowdon!— -1 BULBS, BULBS, BULBS.—Being direct Importlilt of Bulbs, we can offer the very best qualitYted very lowest prices; Ilb. of our Patent Alanure prese tral, n,ex with each ss. worth ordered. Send for Illustt Catalogue free.—RELIABLE SEED & BLTLB CO, NeW 6 West Bromwich. Nat. Tel. 313.

- Eggs, Poultry, Etc -- pouurhy.—Wild Rabbits purchased to any anl for cash.—HARRIS, 7, Crossland rd., Croydon. fIENS.—OOHEN. 15, Short at., Spitalfields London,buys live old hens. CorreentS

Machinery etc. PATENTS. 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.. GEO. DAVIES & SON, CHARTERED PATENT AGENTS. ESTABLISHED 1N 1835. SELF-HELP TO NEW PATENT LAW. PRicE COLONIAL & FOREIGN PATENT LAWS. Pftl"

EDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THE BES AND CHEAPEST EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5D., 10D., AND is. SD. EACH. WHOLESALE BY J. GEDDES & SON, LTD., WARRINGTON.

Air IN.LAGBEL" RAZORS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHEFFIELD MAKE, WARRANTED, POST FREE, 2s. 6D., 35., 4s. SD. AND ss. 6D. J. G. DODD, 4, MANCHESTER STREET, LIVERPOOL. Made And Ground By English Labour. cal Agent: .1. Hut swo RTH. Market Hall.Warrington STEPHEN MOSS & SONS LIMITED SHOEING AND GENERAL SMITHS, ALL KINDS OF AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, STEAM, GAS,.4: OIL ENGINES SUPPLIED, FIXED AND REPAIRED, ALL KINDS OF WHEELS HOOPED. HOT WATER ENGINEERS, &c. WORKS: ACADEMY STREET, WARRINGTON

, B. CUNNINGHAM, "39, NVINwicK RD., %ARRINGTON (Telephone 17). BREWER'S AGENT AND Born,Eit OF Guinness's Stout, Bass's Pale Ale, Bass's No. 1 Strong Ale. Worthington's and Allsopp's Ales. Devonshire and Hereford Cider. Whfatley's and Mack's Hop Bitters. Allsopp's and Jeffrey's LAGER BEER IN BOTTLE. ALSO MANUFACTURERS OF HI 3H-CLASS MINERAL WATERS. t ROBERT LEWIS, THE OLDE FOX, BUTTERALtKET STREET, WARRINGTON. ANTIQUE FURNITURE AND CURIOS BOUGHT, SOLDMR EXCHANGED. BEST PRICE GIVEN. _ A CHOICE CIGARETTE. ZDLOW'S SPECIAL SILK CUT CIGARETTES uaranteed Hand-made from Pure Virginian Tobacco Bd. per oz., 2s. 6d. per Vb. box. T. sup Low & co., CIGAR MERCHANTS, ), WINWICK ST., AND 65. BUTTERMARKET ST. WARRINGTON. • Tel. 414 Y.

News at H. Al. ASHTON'S. No. 2.—A man with corns on his feet has a right to growl until he has used H. M. A.shton's CERTAIN CORN CURE price 91/2d. per bottle I-I. M. ASHTON, CHEMIST, 63 Sankey Street Warrington.

.--,:zsa.., ' • •' A, . ~ -4-tf,,, . •-, - -v.,,,,..„,. ` S 7,ti....tr,„ ,- ~T , e tc •,t, " ' '''''.' . *''''''d4* ' - ' . 4:7:-444 ''',' Y• -, _., 1„.„.,.,,,,,,:, ( ...et.,...,,,r. k`^=' -J4t,;tv.4,,.. )67v;,-- ...Ir-1-i ;,;,.......-'..t --...,,,..--,,k. -.....,_, ......‹,, , , 't •-'-'A 2.Z. :::ik: . ~, 5„,, ,-,-,,,t,,,„v • ( te14.,..1- -,°';;•:-7-',in-,', ~, ,41.,, *., '.., I :''''' :-.1,- '‘.:•.: ~', ..,. ~ ," '-'s . -`' ':'- ', ' :gif '' •.. '.‘ :,- '"' "7: '4-: . , • 7,4,-,:,,,iffe=:351,-,:,..; ::, ...-...:. : .1), ;:).,.•,,,,,,, .f,,,,, - ~..... , ,f.%;•4-3,...- "--',, -,. , • Photo. A. 13IIZ. C. PLINSTON Parkinlca SPEIXER.,

". . f-f. , 4,... -1/4-• / 1 i \ 61_, : 0 , . .\\\ 1 ' . .. 1‘ ,

, ... . . .. • • ........ .. OW • ‘,. • . • • . -..: .. : :.-.. . ''. ,::•:'. .. .. ' • . . - ....• .: . :'-... -..:*. : : ',...,...:::::::.:::', ... ::::::.:;.... •:" ...7..:: ..rt.F*.:1::::.:.... ...... .....;' ........:. , . .. , , ...• -, , ...- . .... ~ ..-...i- ........, .....-•.:„.:-..-:::.:4,.:.;-:::::-.:.....•:.:;.. ..AV: ..5,..4,100.<,,..t...,,,,... . .. ..... ~.„,„...,,,.,... - ....-4 ...-.. ..::::' < ~7..,.-,:.--..:44::...;...:...:7-......:.:htt:-..., 5 - •••• - ~ ~. ,: :-..A'11,•': . .* A 41,,......::<: . At.5.,,,,,,,,,i: ..- ..,.., . .--.:: :::.:.$::::ai:-:'!;;.i.7.i:'::ii:s.';':;;',eff'r.iiVe.:'.::::.:::::::::::;.::::.. ' ‹.-:-1....„_' ..-ci*':-:::.:::b1.:: ....:'-........-.. •_.,,,,,,ii,..-..Ei51,4- ''.- ti4kle..x.<74iE;::: A ~.-,?:..:;:,.,,::::,::-..,..,..,:.4,,;.$.::..:.,-:::.:;.-airmign:;.:?'......•.:•.:::::.:::::::::. ........- •,--.7,77.,,:-....00;40#:.:...:.:7.:::::10gr54,-: 1170ii:u2:.i:i?..,k-.::::-V.ii.: .f...: ..- ....-:::,*,-,....::-.-:::••••:::::.:::::.:::i::•::. ..-:.i.,........::i..miiimimm::::-:.:.:..........:::::;..i::-...-eii:...........>:::!......::- , ... ....",-,::,..* •53'...'-,......., - :.:::::::.:.:i.:.::: ::::".::.ii:.w:imim:,::::::::::::::: /sii ; '•‘. . Pi,„......_-:::::..,:::.:st. ~..::;..-.: . ..-:::41,77,:,:•,,,,,,:,:, ..- .- . • ~..; ...• ......::.i...::.:::i.:::::.,:,,i,:.,...:.:,::::.......;....:.::1 ~ .... .. . ..,,,,,..:.. ------,-. ; . ...•• :rij.,"' ::,. -.,..,......79,.....:. ....„.: -...... :....-, ..:::......... ~:....... I.:: ...of. :: ..,-.- .... .. - '...365t.-:.:i ' ..., `... - '''' . ' '...-.... f;i:*::•,... :.::W:...,:::,:1. .- - '---1 .N. -'.:::''..,.....<'.fi,..,i5:-. 4 ''. '...;:"..'.7';7,..'.. :•••.;!' . . ''......"•••••;•.:..............;41"...?T7'• '.. .. -....zi:;,::::.;::?•ii.:-.ki.:&;:iiijK,Alc..' :0N.0.W. • .?F':.:iii:,. • - .ty .. --::.:i,:::.• ,X.,,,t,i',.... •,k-.. IS -.....,..' , : • •':i. ..'.:..:•• •,:ijatel.i4.,::4:::',lo.:;:"Zrfilt•Vg.:.: t.r:::,....:„..„.:P.:ke,::.:.:'-':' ~j;:..,i.:447:?:!..7.::....: ~., :::.....:,, .:!;:,,;;,«:::.:::.....;,...i*?.:,:i•:::::"..' ':::. ::::::::,::::.,:..?:..,.`'t . . ~ ...•;:?!.-: .. ' 4.;:ii.4.!.......:*!::'.1'.:':::7';44.41%.,-.4.?,,it4t,.....-*At,egiM::;;:4r...."?';' : •1f.."Z'::'•:.:...:.;::•....... ' •.... ..,............:.:.:::::::::: .:•...:414.14.'M44,i' ...r. -...1._.2,.&4•.••....f.t,,iri.5....:;•:i...; ::,:•::;:.,,,..,,R*4.;:'••:.-rift32',..5i.C?::i•5.:f:):1:::.6*.qP:,„:.,,..-.? „SW . ... . . ..- - .- ....i:.:::• .:,:.,AL ~...,,,,......._`P..4.::-•-• - . '..:;:.. '''77'::'.::.:•::':f;••At;;;', . ....30.t1-I*Rre; j.k.t.h..g.:1':;.r.:.':',...d4i:;• .:...'.::iK.,o*P'.' r° i ''' . • . • -.....,:i:::o:Vf:Writr.-..... ....4.e:,-• ..ci......: ..; : ;:i1;74.1i4. ~..,,r,•14.,,,ii:n.,....t..*14...?2tz,:t..t.,r;.k,.........:.•,. . -, ......,,,..,..- ~... .. .... ~. ~,,,...,..,....... ..?.....,,........ ~,,,,,.. . .:.:: ~,,,E1.4:..t ...,,,,,,,A,1xii,,...x.:,..,,,....,.;:t.,.::,..i....,..,.....,?::5:.... ...,- ..7.......,&:.. :::..:,.*....:3.:.:::,.:, ... --,... -,....:;:. .;.;. , :A. Ticfe'...:, i'....3ri!:17:4 ' :;:lijii,'.:a.'.:Aitf,..: ' i,::i.V.::;::::,::: ''';:i:.1..1:'.0ii:::•::::•:',Ift:,i:::i::' .•-•.i;'.::::;:i:4::.:I''' . . . ' 1. .- .'. •‘• ........: ''.`"';':::-.....jr:ri,:•'....:.. .. - --- ""-;:i',lo•''-',:. :'-..:' ti.*Af:4o,l, ',..Mi:Wit?:.:.*:',V:,.'1..014ii,.:' -§:'''VV.,:-K:-?:':..:,::::,s,.:. '4ilii:ie.',il. . . , .. .., .‘: -•-..0:,:.. 4.44- >•.,i..... :i- : .....:.',V:l' 10.f.:..,340::i1fik.i,i.." ,A11.':11V;.,,i.'..t.g.A,..41:3;-%rA1V,i:&.;;•.:r:,,,:. , . • ' ' .. -..t .s. ' .••• .*:-...:::.k,:....:..,... :,.:i1:0,*...:.:..;i.:: "...kr".•.:•;:iiii'i•••10.,40'.1kff:1!..'::...:6,e,:•• ''''''''''''''•••••• ...." ...... ' i f.'•:'* ,i--5.,,::,:•,::: T.,........' . •-• .i. . . . . .. • • .. .... *:..i.i.: : • . ... -1; • . .. .. . ... . ,

_ ..... , „,.,..... i 711 7- % ..• .••• .2 ougimiii, (3;' i itli‘ 'I) ( ( 1, Il 1 1 t. . triOl''. I A* -i ' 1., 1140,44, '''' •,...- •, • ' -7' t; '-' r.-1. .14' . _, • • • ~.. „Vile i 0 i. iii:' i- .4,, ~,,,, „,,,,, -.,. , ~..1,. • "(...,_'."-- 1 ' .4.1• i I'l'll ttl I% X t---1 is T,:.f., , .-. = ik , ~ , I A, i, , ~ , _ 117 ,1 ~...:,..tr, .11 • ~.. ~,,y', \ % , 0 / , .-- !1.. i '/ 7 .10','<.',.f ''' Iqi .':-.5'• ---% \ , A , 0# .-. /// ?4,-..iy., :. p ~_ t. ...... r? ' : 4,,- , pi--._ ~.i.;,;,) il---",„ e 2 , 0 i „yr ; ..,.,,,. ' ( . i....,',7! v \ :ii'li ; ..-:, _•'' t).--' " •• ~ , s , „ '•2' - gilt', •:-T. ' ' I il 1111 it p 11l It. L011,.:i.,..,-,11 41- . 11111 1 ' 1 'l (/ (Lill Ilk 4-71 ..---//':,..j.• I . .11( ...;4___,,._' ../. :,.1, :.../: ,ci4,-.le . 1 t-.;•-, , ~...., ~ ... , . , .! 2.. _4,-. ill / ' 'II ' ; -1„7 ••• - , ',.., ...,., '....-_,:',-._ ,! .74,•••-•''''' . ' f ' -6"..J.,, I *die n_______________74 .--i, . qii..;/ ~....(, ,o/dtili //sf-/- .).i.if-";..3-/.,,,, . " „ ( / \ k I 1 / t k kX..•••••7- •-•.,--- ‘ i o-.t: A i ~.i''., \I '• 1',..\ /.( hi.. ....-- Li/ •• 1.% , ‘ , 4,4. t • liiiiiillatiffrif . (1 \'',\,.k, .--.. . ''., i //&" —Rh •:yi 1 1 '7 frff hi-(;fi.!k_;\,,,..:,,,,.,k.\\v,:..111_111.ii )4 ( ____ ..„.......... _____ .__________________ -11-t•. , --:„... e------1-------_z-----____ -- ----___—------\, ---1-'-- .7'4)4 ‘; --2---- .------- ------- -- - • . ‘. • 13 ••• • - - Edward threw himself suddenly at her feet.

quasisaihesseameems. LADIES' and CHILDREN'S HAIR can be preserved, beautified, and enriched for years by using RowLAND 9 S MACASSAR OIL q which prevents baldness and scurf, and strengthens and restores the hair; also in a Golden Colour for fair or grey hair. Sizes. 3/6, 7/-00'6. Sold by Stores,Chemists, aid A. Rowlaad & Sons, Hattori Oarden. Loidon.

Do your Eyes Trouble You. 7) ,---. :---r- • , (-- , -‹.-- , (qq«111 'f"faili ID\ .-- Do things ever seem to grow misty and blurred? This is a warning of Eyestrain— and you should have your eyes tested. Neglect can only add to the trouble. BY our scientific tests we could tell if you need Glasses, and in that case supply those which would give the greatest possible benefit. Call to-day. ARCHER & SONS Eyesight Specialists, 7_22 LORD STREET Estb. 1848. LIVERPOOL_

•,-,- 'VX-. --,..- .-.• .• - k. •,..: P,--. Mg "-.---Ts. _••••k: ,k.:. •-...'.. ~.... g--- --2.,,kk, iiillkg•t: - . -r.• •• . ,k t; ..: .. -pm, Le- b . Liightrwin COUGH CURE The purest and anreat remedy obtainable 1"r ACUTE COLDS INFLUENZA CHRONIC COUGHS WHOOPING COUGH Fc BRONCHITIS HRONIC ASTHMA NASAL CATARRH WEAK LUNGS • Atatirr 5317711. EEL, 1i1.5.8.5c., the oelebrated T-nndun analyst, trays :—"VmNo's LICIIITNING COUGH CURE is omp3sel of pure ingredient-% and is a most excellent remedy for bronchitis, asthma, and all lung affections?' • Price 9id., 1/1f and 2/9, of all Chemists.

These tiny Capsules relieve', Ny.t, Kidney and Bladderi Tro9blel promptly and cure in forty-eight hours. hitch Capsule bears thel name " l‘lidy." Sold by all 1.7 Chemists, or post free 3s. 6d., I from WILCOX & CO. 49, HAYMARKET, LODON, W

Now light the Pastry and the Cakes, When Cook with SORWION'S POWDER bakes

3 VeGameSelsr 4 111/0••••••••• $147;0,2r, 3,,ibluted ys 50 Years. diAfil • tktP , • • •C I rarr ;.‘ • 0:11:1C" 1 • A-14 a, •-le 4.... I' • " eany 4 'Whoiesonle Confectionery" —LANCE• r. A sweetmeat for all, and may be given with confidence to the youngest child. •:1,4'.4,_ In paper packets and tin b..,xes— various sizes. • ,%-:•• Manufactory: London w.c. . .? Warranted 9 Carat SOLID COLD • 5/- Peat Free res' '‘• - Genuine Artiee 7 Stones, any colour. If not satisfied Money returned. LOUIS & RICHARDS. Chancery Lane Safe Deposit. London.

INSTANT RELIEF RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by EADE'S PILLS. AFTER 12 YEARS' SUFFERING! -- 27, Industry Terrace, Brixton, London, S.W. June 4th, 1908. Sir,—After sufferinr, with Rheumatic Gout for about twelve years, b for over seven years of the time being under several doctors and for seven or eight weeks at a time in bed, I was advised to give your Gout and Rheumatic Pills a trial. I did so and am now NEVER WITHOUT THEM if I can help it. I find two or three pills give relief in two or three hours. You are at liberty to make use of my testimonial in any way you like.—Yours truly, A, BI7IIRIDGE. EADE'S GOUT FILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and arelighly restorative. Sold everywhere in Bottles, is. lid. and 2s. 9d. or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor,GEOßGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. EADE'S GOUT & R

UNIQUE OFFER. 3/11 LADIES' BLACK st. . Bengaline Shirt -Blouse, .. Sizes 131, 14, 14i, 15. Carriage Paid. , WEAR & FIT GUARANTEED. • .447 -• Exceptional Offer. Worth 4/11. Write ANTBONY MAXTON & CO., • • s; 'y 129, CHESTERGATF., MACCLESFIELD, CHESHIRE.

„ • , COlntsd . -.The purchase of the Coffee is 1 I halal ways please f,',', l .F4mi 1 y or G u ests ri ! e t 4 Syrnlngton , 4.. : 11Coffee E,;sAence ',- t ho .1.1,1\ , iLi0........:1 F. I, ~. ~ : ~ . , .., - • e • 49,:.... ..q.t.tk; P -...7.-. - .:.--T-gv;• 1) . . 's. --'' ..,..,- i A ' Richly rra6rant .:::.4,...,..7,i1.--.: / 1t:47.17.t.,ji- i ''. . *...; ' 1 rivisoratin e •,','. <-?4,1.,-* ..Z. . _ . -,*' .t.,,W-1.7:r."-1•4.4.+-•e,,,7

..,_:. ••--- 17.- • .:::11,7... •___ 4iPieC. . ' 'br.: ..;-• :- ~ -. g -i-i6 /.7. a...... ~1,- ''Ap.. .-r -•e. , • OIL., 4.... i1.h.... .-..-s-......... --,-, -...., . THE INVASION OF OUR CCUNTRY BY A FOREIGN ARMY WILL BE REAUSEO IF THE NATION DETERIORATE. JUSTICE TO THE COUNTRY DEMANDS THAT HORLICKZ MALTED MILK BE CNN TO BABY, THE 'YOUNG, MAN, WOMAN, OLD. AND SICK. ITS LIFE AND STRENGTH 3USTAINiNC 3ERVICES ARE READY AT ALL HOURS OF THE DAY OR NICHT. IT NEEDS NO COCKING OR ADDED M!LK. IT IS THE HANDICRAFT CF SCIENCE AND REGEARCH

d :-..--.(114V, The Passing of the !) z /0:-,7-,..,v,,, '' .-k70.-' -:-,4.-V1 Old Fashioned I:I ';,› tr'\ i.'! , ',„,,e,----S. rt, 1;1 -;..-,i- - ~,,-, MATTR E S S 1:!; r\-94 - - ------. 1 ', , ...„„ \\\i Ai, v A moment s thought . _ ,- , [i will convince you 11 0 U 1 i ~? 1 vin- 4 how impure and germ / ... --. iii ,/ , 1.„. / __ laden an ordinary matt- ress filled with hair, wool AGENTS or flock must be. --. le (r-i---------- = .44-- xit , WANTED •' /1 c A "CLINE- C matt- in every -40 :.- ress has an antiseptic, 1 4 .i. 4 • T 0 W N /) • l . germ proof filling. It is pure and sweet, warm - and dry always. The Cot Size, 4-ft. 6-ins. by 2-ft. cost 10/6 Larger sizes at proportionate prices Of all leading stores, or write direct sending name of dealer TOP CLINE MATTRESS CO 61, GRACECHURCH STREET, LONDON

CLARKE'S BLOOD MIXTURE

THE WORLD-FAMED BLOOD PURIFIER. '441 OR cleansing and clearing the blood of y- impurities from N, hatever cause ai Glances Blood Mixture "cannot be bettered. It has over 40 years' reputation, and is to-day more popular than ever, the reason being un- doubte:Lv because it is recognised throughout the world to be the only safe, thorough and lasting remedy for Eczema, Scrofula, Scurvy, Bad Legs, Ulcers, Abscesses. Boils, Pimples, Blotches, Spots, Sores, Eruptions bf every kind, blood Poison, Glandular Swellings, Rheumatism, G.Jut, etc. IN, Of all Chemists & Stores; 2/9 per Bottle. A

PERMANENTLY CURES Skin& Blood Diseases OF EVERY DESCRIPTION.

- •°;* And we will produce a charm;n-r • Send - nand Colored Miniature IA a Daiht; 1. oiled Go:d Pendant for U S • 1/8 Jot Free 1 8 - your - ,ftiaranteed rhoto returred uniapoed. photograph munsH & ORIENTAL DEPOT, z23,134;&132,0,:e.iti tt., South Shield,. ba9OI4O2SOMAIMIZOP.,I:.:OI,IZOWZ."- • '`'s:•-11, • • :;:•4512:1Mal,Ciat"-ek • • : • • • .:'• ..111.:V*N4,?:,4); • 7:7jst 3CORI/ larfs: - ._"•••• • . • • ~0$•.1•:. :•••;,.."',Z;;•• •. • AVENUE. • - COILKT../..PEMBROKE • GENTS in ell Towns. London KING, Clapham .W. Bull : C[ OF Carr Lane. Swans] aro 4-fo .1 shapes.

Buy YOUR FURNITURE From the LARGEST and MOST RELIABLE FIRM THE G 0 t;b: E FURNISHING GO. (J. P. GRANT, Proprietor), PEMBROKE PLACE LIVERPOOL, Discount for Cash EASY TERMS of Payments To Suit 'Lilo Convenience of CUSTOMERS. FREE DELIVERY TO ALL PARTS. DINING-ROOM FURNITURE DRAWING-ROOM FURNITURE BEDROOM FURNITURE Hundreds of Suites in all Coverings and Woods. WRITE FOR CATALOGUE. You will Save Pounds by doing SO. L FURNISHING CO. (J. R. GRANT, Proprietor), PEMBROKE PLACE, LIVERPOOL. CLASOW-510 Sauchishall Streit BELFAST—High Street
