===== 0002601_19091023_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLAN LINE TO CANADA UNDER GOVERNMENT CONTRACT FOR CONVEYANCE OF CANADIAN MAILS. EXPRESS WEEKLY SERVICE; TURBINE STEAMERS; UNSURPASSED CUISINE. VitOUGR RATES TO ALL PARTS OF CANADA AND U.S.A. Zitora LIVERPOOL ... VICTORIAN ... Oct. 29 ROll GLASGOW ... HESPERIAN ... Oct. 30 ROM LON DON (via Havre) POMERANIAN... Oct. 30 t tfor handbooks, maps, and full details for settlers, glurists, and others, apply ALLAN LINE, 19, James 13,L, Liverpool; sPall Mall. S.W., 103, Leadenhall St. '4.,London ; 25, Bothwell St. Glasgow, or local agent

===== 0002601_19091023_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
YOUR EDISON GEM.

Standard, Home or Triumph :an be fitted to play the new OVER FOUR MINUTE AMBEROL Record. Every Edisoli Record and Machines always in Stock. Particulars and Lists free from the Expert in Talking lachines JAKE aRAHAM, ‘7)l

-1.0.11 AS 76 & 76A, RENSIIAW STREET, TES AN Sr. 271 P ARK ROAD, T, ki GREATEST LIVERPOOL. "VENTION. Every Gramophone, Zonophone and Twin Disc Record in Stock

'Pr \.; ) ' ,

===== 0002601_19091023_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
TELEPHONE: 312, RIISHOLHE.

A. HOLT, 55 Princess Rd., Moss Side, MANCHESTER.

TEETH

TEETH TEETH

TEETH

HOURS: 10 TO 12; 2 TILL 8. SATURDAY 10 TILT. 6. Over 20 years with late 3 H. Parkinson, City.

ke SAW "f#lti4

===== 0002601_19091023_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
_

Tel. No. 123.

ESTABLISHED 60 YEARS (in 'Warrington). Tel. No. 123.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
E.

Forshaw & Son, Ltd., ENGINEERS, BOILERMAKERS, IRON & BRASS FOUNDERS, Mersey Boiler Works, Mersey Street, Warrington. Makers of IRON CASTINGS from the smallest size up to 20 tons weight. Clean Well-moulded and of the Highest Quality. To buy the best finished castings is to - frequently save so per cent, in labour. BRASS CASTINGS (any weight) Gunmetal, Copper, Aluminium, Phosphor Bronze, Damaxine, Acid Proof Metal and all other Alloys. CONSTRUCTIONAL IRON AND STEEL WORK, Corrugated Iron Roofs and Buildings, Farmers' Hay Sheds, Barns, Store Sheds, &c., Iron and Steel Tanks, Cisterns, Steam Jacketted Pans, Boilers, &c. Repairs by Experienced and Skilled Workmen to all kinds of Machinery and to Steam Boilers, Gas Engines, Traction Engines, Motor Cars, Dynamos, Steam Engines, 011 Engines, Road Rollers, Motor Waggons, Electric Motors, ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING. Speciality Work. Drawings and expert advice submitted free.

Heavy Machining and Forging done for the trade. Turning up to 15 feet diameter. Planing up to 5 feet square. Slotting up to 18-inch stroke. Milling, Punching, Shearing and Bending, Pressing, Dishing, Flanging and Rivetting by hydraulic pressure. Unlimited Tackle and Special Appliances for efficiently dealing with Repairs and Breakdown work, accumulated during an establishment of 60 years

===== 0002601_19091023_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTABLISHED 1838.

RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large assortment of Framed Pictures suitable for Wedding and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, 4S:c. Terms moderate, REPRODUCTIONS BY HOLLYER OF PICTURES BY WATTS, ROSSETTI, and BITRNE-JONES, AUTOTYPE REPRODUCTIONS OF PICTURES IN THE NATIONAL, TATE AND OTHER GALLERIES.

A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS.

THE SPOT SHOP,

(FISH MARKET)

===== 0002601_19091023_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
SAM N. GREEN,

FOR EVEIRY'ri-lIG.Iq

OVEReePiTS. OVEReORTS.

RH the newest Cloths and Styles now showing. SEE WINDOW. 403E:CALX310E5 36 BUTTERMARKET STREET, Warrington.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
ASK YOUB WI sit .GROCER FOl3. CDOUGALL'S Patent SELF-RAISING FLOUR

[ALL MITTS RESERVED.] THE MAN FROM NEW YORK.

BY G. B.

BURGIN,

Author of "The Shutters of Silence," "A Creature of Impulse," "The Turk's Treachery," "'Broken Oa," "The Pink Dress," &e."

The fat pony, crawling leisurely alon., towards Hadley Common, paid not the slightest attention to its driver, a bright-eyed old lady of seventy, who, half-asleep in the sweet summer sunshine, suddenly discovered that the animal had come to a standstill and was eagerly cropping the grass by the roadside. "Get alcAig with you! "said old Lady Polperrow, with indignant emphasis, as she realised the situation. "Ah !if I were only a man I could do justice to the occasion. ' But I daren't hit you because of Jenkins; besides, he never allows me to have a whip. I wonder why all my servants bully me so? They make it so dis- agreeable for people coining to the house tha't poor Edith has a very dull time of it. She's a good girl, and I'd like to see her happily married. Go on, pony. Please! In the old days lady -could swear without losing caste. Modern manners are not without their drawbacks."

The fat pony, findinc, the grass by the roadside an agreeable change finding his daily food, and knowing that there was no whip in the little open carriage, went on feeding. When old Lady Polperrow somewhat feebly repeated her.

request he turned his head .for a m.oment as much as to say, "Aly dear good woman, don't you see that I am master of the situation ? " "If I were only a man I'd astonish you!" The old lady tugged at the reins; but the pon:. behaved with philosophic contempt, well knowinE that her wish was without the range of practical politics. "Was there ever such luck! My chance haF come at last after a fortnight's waiting," softly murmured a young man, who, knapsack beside him, reclined on the bank almost over Lady Pelperrow's head and watched the struggle between pony and mistress with ill-concealed amusement. "Stay a•moment, madam. I'll out you a switch." He cut the switch and presented it to the old lady with a graceful bow. The pony eyed it somewhat apprehensively and seemed annoyed. "Sir," said the old lady, with a twinkle in her eye as she took the switch, "are you aware that we have not been introduced? -I am surprised at your readiness to waive the customary formalities even in such a crisis as the present." "Oh, that's all right, madam. There's no time for conventionalities when you have to deal with this pampered boast." The young man jerked up the pony's head with fingers of iron. "Besides, you can cut me after I have put you in the broad way that leadeth to-" "Destruction ? " she asked, with an amused glance from her bright old eyes. "No, madam. To Hadley Common." He drew the unwilling pony into the road, straight- ened out the reins,and looked at her quizzically. "Here are your reins." "Well, sir," queried the old lady, "what can I do with them? The situation seems to mo to remain unaltered."

"I fear, madam," said the young man, "that you can't manage this bloated beast. In my country I'd not Make any bones about the matter but get you home somehow, even though I had to call up a patrol waggon." The old lady took.in the stranger's handsome, lean, saturnine face. He was equipped in the regulation tourist style, but with an unobtrusive neatness of fit which, tOgethcbr with his gallant bearing, excited her admiration. "If lam not very much mistaken you are a scion of the American _eagle ? "_

"From Nov York, madam. Howard P. Martin, by name. Just a brief fly round to study your country and your institutions." "Of course you approve of them ? " "Of the country—yes; of the institutions—no." The Old lady's eyes flashed. "Do you dare to—"

"Contradict old age? Never, madam. Have I your permission to drive you home. You see, this stuffed door-mat won't move." The old lady smiled. "In this country, it ill mot considered polite to allude to age." The young man bowed. "In my country, madam, we reverence old age, partly because so few of us live to grow old; it is a compliment to allude to it. Guess I'd better drive you home. I've a feeling that I can astonish this pony even though I should have to light a fire under him to Let him started." "Very well," said the old lady, Fuddenly. "If you can astonish so lethargic an animal it is more than I can do. I dare not use this switch, although it seems to be a gcod one. Consider that I leave myself in your hands." The young man took the switch, deposited his knapsack under the carriage seat, stepped in, and thirty seconds later the fat pony was trotting desperately; for the Man from New York made a peculiar noise which excited him to madness as the switch tickled his fat sides.

The pony's lost ambitions revived, and he actually broke into a gallop. "How do you account for the change in him ? _ _ . _ _

asked the old lady, watching the pony's efforts to establish a record. "It's the first house on the left behind the poplars." "Contact with a new country," said the young man, vigorously applying the switch; and the Folly, disliking the contact, bolted. But the iron grip of the stranger soon reduced him to order. Ten minutes later it was a very astonished pony which dashed up the gravel drive, and, with trembling legs and heavinq flanks, came to a standstill before Lady's Pot- perrow's door. As he did so, a fair-haired, handsome girl rushed out. "Auntie' auntie! What's the matter?" She stopped on seeing the stranger, sac), switch in hand, raised his hat. "At last!" he murmured. "At last—at last ! I've met her at last." "Nothing, my dear. This gentleman was kind enough to apply American methods of persuasion to the pony to make him hurry home ; that's all. The pony has had a much-needed lesson." The Man from New York assisted old Lady Polperrow out of the carriage with a kindly deference. She liked his skill and gentleness, but cast a dismayed look at the sweating pony. "Jenkins will never forgive me," !dm said. "Ah ! here he comes." "Jenkins! Who is Jenkins, madam ?" "My groom." The old lady trembled. "Can't you—can't you say the peny ran away? Any excuse is better than none." "Excuse!" The Man from New York's eyes flashed as a servant came running to the pony's head. "Who's been a ill-using one of my 'osses ?" the groom growled. "Your ladyship, I--" "Stop!" thundered the Man from New York. "Don't you dare to speak to your mistress like that. I don't like your style. Guess we'll go round to the stables and talk it over." He seized the astonished groom's collar, gave him a shake which. turned him apoplectically purple, and led both groom and pony round the corner. From the stal2le-yard there was the sound of a brief scuffle, then a suggestion of someone being forcibly held beneath a pump, and the swishing fall of a miniature Niagara.

Presently- the young Iman sauntered back, adjusting his cuffs. The knuckles of his left band were slightly swollen. The beautiful young girl came up to him trembling with excitement. "Thank you. Thank you so much! I've often wanted to do it myself, but auntie said it wasn't ladylike. I—l ought to have pumped for you! Where is.he now ? " "Looking round for a bit of raw beefsteak to put on his eye," said the Man from New York: "Is there any other little matter I can regu-- .L:xcuse me." He broke off for a moment. "Here's zny, card—Howard P. Martin."

-"I am more pleased to meet you than the pony was," said the old lady. "I am Lady Polpercow, and this is my niece, Edith Gra(m

"Charmed tow knoW you, MiiS draeme. Quite sure you haven't any mer 3 fat servants who'd be the better for a little exercise ?"

The girl laughed merrily, then glanced at her aunt. "After Mr. Martin's exertions, the least we can do is to give him some lunch, auntie. seem to have seen Mr. Martin haunting the neighbourhood for the last few days." "Do you think it's safe to give him lunch ?" asked the old lady, with mock earnestness. "He might eat us ; he has such a masterful way with him. How do you know we shouldn't be excnanging one torm ot svrvitude for another The young man's oyes turned from the old lady tu the ,votaiz cne,and lingt:red thwe as he dronned

CM one knle to kiss Lady Polperrow's hand. "If you would have the goodness to give me some lunch," he pleaded, "I'll thrash every servant in .he place for you. I've walked twenty miles since breakfast and could eat a wolf. People can do what they like with me when I'm not hungry." "Surely you must have some English blood in you ? " said the old lady. "Heaps ! " admitted Mr. Martin. "That's why I'm here. There's a little church behind the woods, and in that church reposes one of in ancestors. I've come all this way to take his picture, and wouldn't dare to go back without it." As the luncheon-hell rang, he offered Lady Polperrow his arm. "That settles it," said she. "Edith, Mr. Martin will be our guest." "That's very nice of you, auntie." The young girl walked on the other side of the old lady, from time to time casting amused yet approving glances at the young fellow whom she had seen several times during the last few days. More than once, she had asked what he was doing in the neighbourhood. Now, with some subtle feminine instinct, she tried to hide from herself her pleasure at meeting him. The old lady scented a romance anTwa.s secretly amused. "You think we ought to take him in ? " she asked, casually. "Of course, auntie. We could never face old Sir Howard do Martyne's, effigy again, if we allowed a descendant or his to depart hungry. Besides you wouldn't have had any lunch at all if dr. • Martin hadn't brought you home." ."That's so," said-the unabashed young man from New York. "This is the first adventure, I've had in this country, and l'd like it to turn out well. I—l'm eternally obliged to that pony. If I give that fellow five dollars to help mend his eye, we can call it square." The girl met his glance. He had eyes blacker than sloes, and his well-shaped, clean-shaven mouth, in spite of its determination, drooped humorously at the corners. She decided that she liked him. He was so very much alive. A stout, somewhat frightened-looking butler came forward to meet them. "Gilchrist," said the old lady, with a firmness which surprised herself, accustomed as she was to being tyrannised over by her pampered servants—" Gil- christ, take this gentleman's knapsack and chew him to his room.

Gilchrist hesitated, for he had just come from applying raw beefsteak to tha groom's eye. There was something in the expression of Mr. Martin's eye, however, which helpfd• him to decide quickly. "Guess you'd be tter carry my grip," said the Man from New York; and Gilchrist's actions betokened that he guessed correctly. When Gilchrist had put the "grip" down, the Man from New York gave him a couple of sovereigns. "There's one for you and one for the child of adversity with the raw beefsteak in his eye," he said, as the looked round the old- fashioned room. "If you behave yourself, double it before .I go." . _ _

"Would you like—some hot water, air?" asked the astonished old butler.

"No; cold's good enough for me." The young man hastily threw off his coat. "Apologise for me to the ladies, and say I'll be with them in fire minutes."

After Gilchrist had gone, the young man removed the signs of travel from his clothes. "She's tho beauty of the wcrld," he said, sauntering downstairs. "The beauty of the world! Lays over anything I ever met—anywhere. I had thought of Sadie Hawkins, but I'll not go on thinking. Edith,' the old lady called her. Wish I had the privileges of old age."

It was a protracted lunch. Usually, old Lady Polperrow had no appetite; but on this occasion the Man from New York seasoned the repast with anecdote, and she ate heartily. He assured Edith that she was mistaken when she imagined that the American girl usually opened the conversation with an epigram. The only fault to be found with .the American girl was her readiness to become an English duchess at a moment's notice. This put a strain upon her, prevented her from being natural; for all the time she was trying to live up to a station which might one day be hers, and it told upon her nerves.

"That's all very well," said Lady Polperrow; "bet why doesn't the American girl stay at home and marry the American man ? Why does she annex English dukes when there aren't enough for home consumption?" "I reckon it's this way," returned Mr. Howard P. Martin reflectively. "The American girl is full of the missionary spirit, it's her mission to go forth and marry mankind."

"But whi does she always -begin at the top ?" asked Edith.

"It's easier to spread downwards," returned the unabashed Mr. Martin. "There's always room at the top." "And you? Without seeming inquisitive, may I ask what you are doing over here?" inquired Lady Polperrow. "Just travelling," said Mr. Howard P. Martin, slowly. "Just travelling. It was Pop's idea." "'Pop's ' 1 What is a 'Pop '?" _ _ _

. "Oh, -it's a man with a family," explained Mr. Martin. "Popes one of those ft !lows who has made money. His great idea is to have his family tree put right, just to let those Knickerbockers in New York see how modern they are." Lady Polperrow was confused. "Knicker- bockers! What have knickerbockers to do with it ? "

Edith came to the rescue. "They're not things to wear, but old American families," she said, hastily.

"I aid not know that they had any old—really aid—families in America," rejoined Lady Pol- permw..

"Pop's idea," explained Mr. Howard Martin, "is to get the family pedigree straightened out, shew his descent in the direct line, and then have it painted on the front door. I've tried to stop him, but he's obstinate. When Pop's obstinate, why he—he stays firm; and that's all about it." "Painted on the front door ? " laughed Edith. "Yes, for a month—just to lower the pride of the Knickerbockers. Then, having asserted himself as the lineal descendant of an English nobleman, he's going to paint his American arms on the door and wipe out the pedigree." "His American arms ? What are they- ? " asked the astonished Edith.

"Same as his trade mark—a pig rampant on a green field. Pop's in pork. It isn't romantic, but it's money. "And—and what are you going to be in-4n pork?" queried the old lady. "No such luck," declared young Mr. Martin. "Pop's done all that kind of thing for me. I'd like to make money for myself, but Pop won't hear of it; and when I go down into the pit—" "Into the pit ?" "Yes, the wheat pit, or pork, or anything, Pop's EO friendly with all the fellows that they want to give me pointers." "Pointers!" echoed the old lady. "Can't you buy your own dogs?" Edith came to the rescue again. "Informa- tion—tips, auntie," she said, her eyes dancing with delight. "Mr. Martin means that he gets an unfair advantage over other people, and that he doesn't think it sportsmanlike." "That's it," heartily agreed Mr. Howard Martin. "How quickly you grasp the point."

"Come and sit- under - the chestnut--tree and nave your coffee there," said the old lady. "I want to hear some more about America. Edith, you" d better go down to the almshouse. Come, Hr. Aladin."

"It's a large subject, Lady Polperrow." But se got up and gave her his arm. All the vivacity which had hitherto marked f cung Mr. Howard Martin's manner quickly ranished. He asked permission to write a .tablegram, and sent it down to High Barnet for immediate transmission to America. Then he oegan to talk to Lady Polperrow about America, out in such level, monotonous tones, that, after fainly struggling to keep her eyes open, she suddenly went to sleep, and left the young man Jontinuing to drone. Directly Lady Polperrow was fast asleep, Mr. Howard Martin softly got up and made his way o the house as Edith came out, .a basket of roses in her hand. She was becomingly dressed in white, with deft suggestions of pink here and there. Mr. Martin seemed to find the cornflower- blue of her eyes very attractive. "I don't know the etiquette in this old country," lie said, irresolutely for him, "but Lady Polperrow's tsleep, and I don't like to call upon my ancestor in the church without someone to introduce me. seems too solemn a thing to face him without someone to .speak for me."

"Oh, I will introduce you to Sir Howard with pleasure." Edith came briskly down the path. "Auntie always sleeps for a couple of hours after lunch."

"There are many great institutions in England; and that's one of them," somewhat irrelevantly remarked Mr. Howard Martin, sauntering along at her side. "I suppose this old Sir Howard do Martxne was a bit abrupt in his da;; -

"Abrupt ? " "Yes—abrupt. Crusader, wasn't he ? " "Yes, but I don't follow you." "You will presently," remarked the Man from New York. "When he wanted a thing he generally took it, didn't he ? " "I—l suppose so."

"There l;-ere great institutions in those days also," still more irrelevantly remarked young Mr. Martin. For so resolute a man he was becoming almost dreamy. Edith led the way into the old church. There was a stately simplicity about it which went straight to the young man's heart. Hitherto he had never. concealed his pride at being an American. But, after all, what was an American? Someone whose ancestors came out from England, cast off the hidebound traditions of the past, ~and blossomed out into that perfect product. ,Of a somewhat hasty civilisation, the American citizen. "Now I know why," he said, hat in hand, as they came to the effigy of old Sir Howard—s" now I know why you English are bound to lick the world." "I'm afraid I don't understand you." . . . . . _ _

"Look at him!" said the Man from New York, pointing with reverent admiration to old Sir Howard. "It's his power of staying put`'.i.hat I like."

"Staying put ? " "Yes—staying put. Look at him! He's,been there eight or nine centuries, and hasn't moved. No one dare move him. Eight or nine years is our limit anywhere in America. There's a stability about him—a lack of restlessness. We're too restless. That's what's the matter 'with us. Now you always know where to find an English- man. A trifle of a hundred years or so doesn't make any difference with him; but you can never find an American. He doesn't stay put!" Edith gave the Man from New York a handful of glowing red roses from the little wicker basket which she carried. "Perhaps their fragrance will reach him even now," she suggested.. The young man reverently strewed the fragrant flowers over Sir Howard's stony heart. "Guess I'm going to modify myself a bit," he remarked, stepping backward to study the effect, as .the light came through an open window and fell across the feet of the old Crusador.

"Modify yourself? How?" "Come into the sunlight, Miss Graenie, and I'll tell you." They returned to the churchyard and stood beneath a spreading old hawthorn. The fragrance of newly-cut grass came to them from the neigh- bouring fields. Away to the left waved the stately oaks of Hadley. To the right were quaint little almshouses, each doorway filled with some poor old waif, peacefully loitering down- ward to the grave. The youvg man stood beside Edith. "It's all wrong," he said, gazing into his compel:lien's face, with bright, restless eyes. "What is all wrong?" "This system of American girls marrying Englishmen." "Why ? " "Seems so onesided. I'm not denying it's a good thing in a way; but it's selfiz;h. "What is selfish ?"

"Our girls coming over here and marrying dukqs. Why can't England reciprocate ? " "For the all-sufficient reason that you haven't any dukes in America." "Not your kind; but, Miss Graeme--" "Well, Mr. Martin ?"

"Don't you think that when two young ipeople recognise a wrong, it's their duty to help to set it straight ? " "Certainly. "

"Well, then" he said, with an air of 'relief, "that's what I've been trying to get at fo:zr the last few minutes. We haven't any duhes in America, but we have men."

" Ye—es ? So I have been given to understand." "The going down into the pit may have robbed us of what little polish we originally had; but we've the sense to see that there is something in this old civilisation dl yours which ought to be grafted on to American manhood." "Well ? "

"Well, our American girls are grafting' the Almighty Dollar on to English manhood. Don't you think it's the—the reciprocal duty of English girls to graft their own sweetness and beauty on to—' He hesitated. "To ? " "The American manhood ? " "How can I possibly answer so abstract a question ? " "Oh, it isn't really abstract." He got up. "I've cabled to Pop." _ _

"You have cabled —to about ? "

Pop ' ? What

He stood looking ':squarely down upon her. "You."

"Really, Mr. Martin, this assurance-" "Don't get mad," he bescught her, softly. "In America we do things in a hurry. We're born in a hurry, die in a hurry, make love in a hurry." • His audacity left her breathless. making love to me ? " "No, I'm just telling you the plain, square truth. Whether you take .me or not, I'll love you all my life. Pop will be here inside eight days."

"Aro you

What for?" "To vouch for me." "But what has this to do with me ? "

"Now you're honest. With you for my wife, I'd stand a mighty good chance of being President one day." "Oh, if ambition prompts you to make this outraeous pro--" "It ° does. Then I'd lay my power at your pretty feet, and give it all up if you said tho word."

"W—why ?" "Just to prove my love. I've been hanging round here for a fortnight to get introduced to you. 1 saw you in tile church the first day I came here, and I—l couldn't go away." "Come!" she said, abruptly. He followed her into the church, as she walked swiftly towards Sir Howard's tomb. The young man instinctively caught her mean- ing. When they reached the flower-strewn effigy, he placed one hand on the old knight's breast. "Sir Howard," he implored, "can't you wake up a moment? Just make sonic sign to tell her how much 1 love her„"

A soft gust of wind blew in through the open window and carried a vivid crimson rose from the old Crusader's heart to Edith Graeme's feet. "He—he's answered us," stammered the Man from New York, for once losing his self- possession. "Won't you—won't you pick it up?" She stooped slowly, picked up the rose, and went away. The young man knelt by the side of the cross- legged effigy. "You dear old chap," he said, brokenly—"you dear old chap! If you could only blow Pop over a little quicker, I'd be still more grateful to you."

[THE END. 1

MANCHESTER POELTRY AND PIGEON SHOW.

The eleventh annull show of prize poultry, pigeons, and anpliences is to be held at Belle Vue Gardens on Tor •tny, Wednesday and 'I hursday next The show ranbs as second to none of its class and tb;s year lrly 5,000 entries have been received. Me-1y of the I ding applirnce manufacturer 3 are representee, and the show is or considerable interest to the la men as we" as the fancier, It is but once a year that the local public are affordei the opportunity of seeing this r ,gniflcent collection. incubators are shown in the pro, 'as of hatching chickens in addition to twiny other interesting appliances.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, October 23, 1909,

===== 0002601_19091023_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
SECONDARY SCHOOL

ANNUAL PRIZE DISTRIBUTION.

Does England Lag?

In the presence of a large and representative gathering the annual ptesentation of prizes to the pupils of the Warrington Municipal Secondary School took place at the Borough Gymnasium on Wednesday afternoon. The school has had a most successful year and the results obtained reflect the greatest credit upon the Principal and staff. The Mayor (Alderman W. J. Forshaw) pre- sented the prizes end the gathering was presided over by the Rev. Canon Alorley Stevenson. Amongst those present were :—The Maycress, Councillor Fulton Smith (chairman of , the Educaticn Committee). Councillor H. Roberts (vice-chairrnen). and Mrs. Roberts, Aldermen Smethurst end Benuctt, Rev. Canon Willis, Councillor Birtles, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Pierpoint, Messrs. A. J. Jolley, E. Plinston, E. S. A. Robson (prin- cipal), and 3Ir.J. Moore 111urray (director of education). Expressions of regret for inability to attend were received from Vice-Chancellor Dale, Mr. A. H. Crosfield, M.P. Mr. W. P.Rylar,ds, Rev. Cancn Penrhyn,' Rev. B. Percival, Mr. J.Charlton Parr, Rev. N. Wilson Liebtenant Colonel Buckton, Mr. Holman Kingdon,Mr T. P. Bradshaw, Mr. Vera B. Davies, and Rev. G. C. Briggs,

The -CHAIRMAN referred to the great imirovement which had Leen effected by the railing in of the play- ground which had also been Put in good condition. During the year a room had Leen provided for MANUAL INSTRUCTION

_ end that would be found of considerable service. It was a great gain to a boy to learn to do something with his haw's. "I speak feelingly" continued the Canon "because when I was a boy these things were rot taught r.nd I wish from the bottom of my heart that I was more handy with my hands than I am. I cannot do anything with my hands; and if I had not got a little bit of a head I should have been in the Workhouse long ago." (Laughter.) Canon Stevenson commented upon the advantage which the school now enjoyed of using the Gymnasium within certain jicurs for physical instruc- tion, end also as a place of assembly for the whole school. During the year a Government regulation had come into force by which the size of the classes was reduced, and that would he a beneficial change as teachers were able to give more individual attention to smaller classes. The examinaticn results obtained pointed not to exceptional case bestowed upon a few of the most gifted scholars,but to the all-round care which had been bestowed by the Principal and his staff upon every scholar That was a much truer educational ideal than the mere singling out a few of the most fortunate and con- centrat;ng attention upon them so that brilliant results might be produced. Ihe school had, during the year, progressed quietly, efficiently and thoroughly. Canon Stevenson concluded by referring to the loss which the school had sustained by tLe resignation of Miss Frost who had rendered yeoman service, especially to the girls, in the excellent teaching she had given and in the way she had watched over their health, their conduct and their games. 'I hey wished her every happiness in her married life. (Applause). PRINCIPAL'S REPORT.

The PRISCIPAL. in submitting his report, said the numbers on .the roll at present were as follows : Secondary School pupils, boys 97, girls 110, total 207 : Teachers, boys 13, girls 12, total 25 ; mak:ng a total of 232 pupils altogether. There were 163 pupils under 14 3-, ars of age end 129 above that age showing an increase of older pupils compared with former years. He bad to report two changes in the teaching staff. Miss Mitchell form and needlework mie-ess, resigned owing to marrisge at the end of the first term and she was succeeded by Miss E. J. Forsyth B.A. (Liverpool). Last Midsummer the senior mistress Miss Frost, who bad completed six years of valuable service in the sOiool, also resigned on her marriage. He could not let this cccasion pass without referring to the energy and enthusiasm displayed by Miss Frost in her work, and although she had left Warrington he was sure the effect of her influence and character would still be felt by the pupils who had been under her care. The Committee had appointed as her successor Miss F. E. Clark B.A. (Aberystwyth) who had had a wide experience in Secondary School work and one who would gain the respect of parents and pupils alike. The teaching staff now numbered 16 and includes specialists in languages, mathematics, physics, chemistry, cookery, manuel training, drawing and gym- nastics. Not only had the Education Committee provided a staff capable of giving the highest type of instruction in the school, but ths facilities offered to parents for the education of their children bad been made on a generous sada. At the present time, including the pupil teachers, there were over 100 pupils in the school who wee provided with free tuition and judging by the splendid progress displayed by the pupils the induce- ments thus offered were appreciated by the parents. The examination results for the past year were satisfactory from the point of view of numbers. In the Preliminary Certificate Examination Part 11. 20 pupil teachers entered, all of whom were successful, and the following were awarded distinctions :—Dorothy Johnson, English, history, geography, mathematics, French and science (only four girls out of 10,400 candi- dates secured this number of distinctions); Annie Upson, English, French ; Elsie Swahae, English, geography; oomas Stirrup,geography ; Wilfred Barton, geography. Three pupils were entered for the Matriculation Examination, and all of them passed :—Ethel Cooper, Ralph Clatworthy, Northern Conjoint; Robert R. Bunting, London. For the Senior Oxford Local Exam'eations 24 entered and 22 passed. Four pupils. Ruby Witts, Jessie Upson William H. Rigby and George Whitfield secured bonours 3rd division, while Jessie Upsen, Rigby and Whitfield were granted exemp- tion from the University Matriculation Examination. Kenneth Witts passed the examination for artificers in the Royal Navy, and Nellie Shufflebotham received an appointment in the Civil Service Postal Department. —lt was gratifying ta learn that old pupils were showing the mettle of their pasture" in the Universi- ties and Training Colleges, and amongst other successes he noticed that four pupils who entered on their University course last session bad been successful in their Intermediate Degree Examination. These were: —Fred Jolley, Inter B.Sc., Manchester University; Edith Isaac, Inter 8.A., Manchester University ; Marion Jolley, Inter, B.Sc., Liverpool ; Percy Board- man, Inter B.Sc., Liverpool.—At the present time their nupils were scattered over England in the various train- ing colleges, and at the annual Christmas re-union they welcomed them back from Birmington, London, Chester, ,Edinburgh and Einndee, not forgetting a la!ge number from the splendid local training institute. (Applause). The reports of the Certificate Examination for teachers in training colleges also showed that the old pupils were taking a high position in the lists. The altera- tions in the school buildings were now nearing comple- tion, and they would shortly have the use of the Gymnasium for assembly purposes, the woodwork- shop for manual training, and the extensive boys' and girls' playground. Turning to the social side of the school lite it was to be regretted that in a day Secondary School of this type the corporate life was not so vigoious as in a residential school, but the pupils managed to get along satisfactorily with the hockey, football, cricket and tennis clubs and school choir. In conclusion Mr. Dobson expressed his sense of obliga- tion to the loyal and willing staff of teachers who had enabled him to present such a gratifying report, to the Committee and Director of Education for their generous provision of apparatus and for their readiness in adopting suggestions for the better wOrking of the school, and lastly he thought that the success of a Secondary School of that character was so dependent on the previous training of the pupils that ho freely admitted the claims of the head teachers of the elementary schoojs to a share in its reputation. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_19091023_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PRIZE LIST.

The MAYOR then distributed the prizes as follows: FORM I.—William P. Cameron, English history and geography; William S. Jerams, mathematics and general science ; Lyalla Milne, French; Arthur Weir, drawing and manual training. FORM IL—Mary Poulton, English history and geography ' • Kate Grecott, mathematics and general science ; Dorathy Tissington, French; Sydney ewall, drawing end manual training. Mut 111.—Arthur Greenough, English history and geography; James Groarke, mathematics, physics and chemistry; Mabel Robbins, French and Latin; Gertrude Bell, drawing and manual training or housewifery. FORM IV.—Cbarles E. Bill, English history and geography ; John Oakes, mathematics physics and chemistry; Hilda Westcott, French and Latin ; Elsie Colley and Harry G. Wood, drawing and manual train- ing or housewifery.. FORM V.—Doris A. Crane, English history and geography; Clarissa Hamilton, mathematics, physics and chemistry ; May Warburton, French and Latin ; Doris Parkinson, drawing and mantal training or housewifery.

ORM A.—Ethel Harris, English history and geography; Albert Dumbell, mathematics, physics and chemistry; Florence Cutler, French and Latin; John Foulkes, drawing and manual training. FORM Vl.—Ethel Cooper, English history and geography;. Mary Hackett, French and Latin ; Robert R. Bunting, mathematics, physics and Chemistry; Mary Piinston, drawing and manital training. ' FIRST YEAR P.T.—Ruby Witts, English history and geography; Edward Reddish and Jessie Upson, mathematics, physics and chemistry; ,Hilda Gee, French ; Ethel Bradshaw, drawing. SCHOL. P.T.—Elsie Swaine, mathematics and chemistry cr botany ; Dorothy Johnson' English history and geography; Annie Upson, French; Wilfred M,nart on, drawing.

The MAYOR addiess:ng the pupils, said they must not forget that the true object of education was the formation and development of character, and that real education began when they had left school. They got a good foundation upon which to build up and improve their education and character at that school. True education, like our leicg. was of a three fold nature, physical, intellectual and spiritual. It was intended to fit them not only to take their part in the business life of the world but to have a high ccnception of their duties and responsibilities as cithecs. During the six years the Secondary school bad been opened 400 pupils

EYESIGNT HINTS.

had rassed through it. He conidered a good educa- tion was far better than to have a fortune left to them because by educition they could raise themselves, with perseverance and industry, to the highest possible rositions. Whatever they did when they weut out into the world to fight life's battle, he would urge tbara not to make any false step, which • would be fatal to their character, but to be industr3us and endeavc ur to become a credit to their teachers, to their school and to th,3ir town. (Applause). TRAFALGAR ESSAY COMPETITION.

Alderman Bennett then presented book prizes gained in the patriotic essay competition instituted by the alderman in commemoration of Trafaltar Day. The subject of the essays WA S "My duty to England" and the winners were Ruby Witts and John Sephton who were also successful last sear. Two additional prizes given by the Principal were awarded to Eleanor Shaw and Allan Evan. In the course of an address, Alderman BENNETI" urged the pupits to fit themselves to do their duty to their town and country. He said England had won a great reputation as a nation of shop-keepers and we wanted to keep it by the best and 'healthiest means. He believed, however, that we ot the greatest curses of the country was that we worshipped gold and com- mercial success more than cne ought to do. Still, business success and capacity was exceptionally important and if we did not bestir ourselves other nations who gave more thorough attention to these matters and educated their people more efficiently, would eventually pass us in commercial prosperity. He had been attending the , FLYING MEETING AT -BLACKPOOL

and the question which impressed itself upon him was: Who excelled in this new art which would probably revolutionise modern conditions? He would like to have felt that England led the way but England was hopelessly behind and be watched with mingled pain and amusement an English biplane which vainly tried all afternoon to mount up in the air, while a machine which was the product of French ingenuity soared up like a bird and and was able to sail all r3und the course with great success. The fact that an Englishman had not discovered the North Pole was also a great grief to him and the only consolation be could get was that America was really part of that expanded England of which he was always thinking. He hoped an Englishmen would succeed in discovering the South Pole. Referring to the importance of local government., Aldermtn B nnett said many towns in England were an absolute disgrace to civilization, a blot and strain on the fame of the country. Who was to blame for that? Every man who had a vote was more or less to name for that state of things. It was a scandal in a town like 'Warrington that there should he so much difficulty in getting capable and pudic-spirited men to COM forward and d their duty to the town. They gave miserable and centsanptible excuses such as "I world not be seen with such a lot." (Laughter.) They had no ladids in the Council yet but he hoped they soon would have, and it was more than likely that it would not-end there. (Laughter.) Service of the State . was a noble ambition and he had a feeling that no man was really worthy of being a citizen of a free State unlesci, when occasion required, he was prepared and willing to defend that State. if necessary, at the sacrifice of his life. Eng7and could do rrore for civilization, progress, humanity and Christianity than any other ration in the world if England were true to its responsibilities and if every English boy and girl tried to do his or her duty. (Applause). Councillor FULTON-SMITH proposed a vote of thanks to the Mayor. Councillor 11. ROBERTS, in seconding, said be did not believe England was decadent or that the young people were decadent either. The vote was heartily accorded and a similar com- pliment was passed to the Chairman for presiding. During the afternoon the school choir gave the choruses" Whispering wind" and "After rain" with taste and expression and a number of girls sang "The House that Hook built" in charming stsle. There was also a clever display of Swedish drill and dumb- hell exercises by pupil teachers and the proceedings closed with the school song" Forty years en."

Occasional dimness of vision is a sign of defect which neeeq careful diagnosis. Wtrikuess of the eyes, and a sense of having to FORCE them to do their work, are troubles should leaalo consultation with us. OUR CHARGES ARE LOW. JOHNSTON WATSON. Eyesight Specialist, 84, BRIDGE Sr., WARRINGTON- Hours of Business: 9.30 to 7.30. Saturday 9.30 to 9. Johnston Watson attends on Monday and Tuesday from 11 to 4.30, Wednesday 11 to 5) Thursday 11 to 1, Friday and Saturday 11 to 5.30, or by appointment. _

with raising money for the building of, or restoring, the House of God. The Bedroom Window.—Our ancestors thought with the Psalmist, that it was well to beware of the pesti- lenee that walketh in darkness. Hence they shut their windows at nightfall, and they were wise says a writer in the Press, who is a little angry with the "fresh Air faidists." Not for nothing, he says, do the dogs, cats' and birds cover their mouths when they go to sleep at night, and, in his opinion it is most unwise to sleee with an open bedroom window, except in the height cq summer. That is not a theory that will find general acceptance in these days of light, fair, but of course circumstances alter cases. There is no great need for the open window in a large airey bedroom, with ono or two do3rs which it may be possible to leave open, bat in a small shut-up room, the open window is desire, even though the air has an autumn dampness aboet 1,, to which our friend the "ante fresh air faddist" ev much objects. The No Drink Cure for Colds.—Most of us have tried all the known specifies for a cold, but svhilst the remedies come and go, the cold remains, always ro,e„red or less incurable. Now and then one meets frle'se who is delighted at having found a positive cure. I's next time one meets them, be or she is not so sure, COI though it may stop the outward symptoms, the CO r seems to take greater hold internally and the sufferer is not at all certain that it would not be- better aft,e all, to let the next one run its *mull course of dollbs1; distilled misery and inconvenience. Despite all Dr. Romme of Paris says there is an infallible cure for a cold, and the old-fashioned one of abstaining frel: liquids for 24 or 48 hours after the first sYnaPt°ll,l;ll No tea, no coffee, nothing more than a glass of wioLd. city, and one small glass of water on goieg to ur. icse c This is quite the opposite treatment to that . 1 %sot many doctors recommend, but if it is not so Pee' „te for the time being, it has the merit of being and seems well worthy of trial. . teat Dangerous Hair-washes.—The manyccideats f have occurred suggest that it is time th_eat the nee °s petrol and tetrachloride for hair cleansing enrposesj was made illegal. The leading Guild of Hairdrest!):, has appealed to the trade to refesa to use these hign'i; inflammable chentscals, but their are always ready to disregard any risks when it is a matter of the_lt personal appearance, and there is a general belief tias., these quick- drying washes cleanse the hair better tl.seel: the old-fashioned mixture of soap, egg and glyeernt whilst rtndering it more easy for waving, and el' ill%st a beautiful gloss. It is therefore only too likely t women will continue to insist on having theirkelt tieated in this was- and if so, it is quite certain to 4, they will find hairdresserr ready to comply with tile wishes. That of course means loss of custom to tho,he who refhse and the only effectusl course is stithr•rities ts step in and prohibit the use of highly inflammable hair-washes. ort Ornamentations.—Buttons and braid play an iroP t,4 ant part in the decoration of autumn coats and skire. The buttons are of all kinds, and of -Singplar shseit:g oblong, diamond, triangular, and squire speounens be is much in evidence. The braiding of coats and skirts a!so most elaborate, and appears on coats in ell shc'tee of unexpected places. Coats are long, and seven-eig d, is the the fashionable length of the more dressy la Which are mostly fur trimmed Skunk is favoured...Air this purpose, being a rich full fur of dark brown 001°,,,s and in appea-s in deep borders round the hem, the efuo., having a large roll collar with revers of the son" s the' Buttons.—The button is one of those thingso ne butt._ir are both useful and ornamental. Originally were entirely decorative, and that is rnainly t9t3egs function on the autumn coats and skirts. In Pict:use of the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries, rile2cl-' eat and feminine attire is represented with buttons, _ot without buttonholes, and it appears that it ico-e."oto until the reign of Queen Eliza' eth that they oar° line. common use, as a convenient form of dress fastenvith. Until then people appear to have got along s d brooches, strings and belts as the principal mete° dress fastening.

hfADOg•

t., ~.......,:r.x - • , ".... ~. k irze.ier-siSlAnst4 - LEASE NOTE

===== 0002601_19091023_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

Princess Mary of Wales.—Princess Mary, who iq now in her thirteenth year, is already in possession of her own suite of apartments at Marlborough House, in charge of her governesses. The young Princess can scgrcely be termed a student, but her Royal Highness is as much an open air aspirant as the Princess Patricia of Connaught. And in her love of romp and mischief, Princess Mary may be said to greatly excel, as those in charge of her younger brothers—whom she loves to lead into all kinds of tnforbidden joys—known full well.

The Lyttonsf—The Dowager Lady Lytton and the Dowager Lady Lech, are twin eisters, daughters of the Hon. Ernest Villiers, and both the widows of "dis- tinguished men. Lady Constance Lytton, who has twice been in and out of gaol as a vehement member of the militant suffiagists, is the Dowagers second daughter. The Lyttons are descended from Sir Robert de Lytton, who was controller of the Household of Henry IV., and the late Earl was the son of Baron Lytton the novelist—Lady Constance Lytton's younger brother—the Hon. Neville Stephon Lytton—is married to a great granddaughter of Lord Byron, and his children are therefore descended on both sides fi our the bearers of two great names in literature—Lord Byron the poet and Edwarti•Bulwer Lytton the novelist. -Mrs. Penkhurst in America.—Mrs. Pankhurst, the suffragist, appears to have had rather a mixed recep- tion in America. The ladies of the Four Hundred, ccnstituting the fashionable society of New York, decided to boycott her meetings as a protest against "militant methods." Then, whilst there are plenty of Wornen's Suffragist Societies in America, their leaders appear to be jealous of any interference from outside advocates of the cause. They have not given Mrs. Pankhurst a very cordial welcome, probably because whilst she can command as much as £6O for a lecture, no Americhn suffragist can get more than £2O. Tbat is humiliating to those imbued with ideas of America's greatness, and the suffragist societies have taken to abusing one another, and will evidently welcome the departure of Mrs. Paakhurst from their midst. One Child One Cot.—Several of the great Midland towns have been leading the way in efforts to improve the conditions of infant life amongst the poor, and this movement has led to a curious competition at Hudders- field. One of the first necessities for the healthy up-bringing of infants is a separate cot for each child, but as the very poor cannot afford to go to the furnish- ing ironmonger, it was suggested that very good cots could be improvised out of an old clothes basket, or a twopenny banana crate. A competition to produce the test cots out of such inexpensive materials was there- upon started by the Womens Total Abstinence Union, and resulted in some twenty or more co's being exhibiteo; for the best of which prizes were presented by Alderman Broadbent. It was shown that good enough cots could be produced for a shilling, a price which should bring them within reach of the very poor, and according to health scientists one child one cot, is a more important matter for the well-heing of the reel than is one man—or one woman—one vote. Gambling and the Church.—The question that tuts again been raised, and somewhat energetically, con- cerning the suitability or unsuitability of raising money for the Church by means of Whist Drives and Bridge Touinaments bas been looked at from msny points of view. One cannot however, get away from the fact that all sucla methods savor of the idea of giving reluct3ntly and with a fixed idea of gaining some little pleasure or satisfaction from the transaction. And one carnot quite forget that all games of chance, and bear- ing a suspicion of gambling, are best kept quite apart and separate from religion. Undoubtedly therefore Whist Drives and Bridge Tournrnents—quite harmless in themselves—should not be connected in any way,

===== 0002601_19091023_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PRICE OF SAFETY; '

Few people, out of the myriads who visit 011; popular seaside resorts, give even a passing thrig X • to the mean S at band for protection :,.tom " tempest, fire and foe." But there is the PLe—lra there is the fire-station, and there are ccastgl.l.3oo, stations where close wat3h is kept for enemies. • The upkeep of these safeguards is IL price of ouer eafety from certain fc3s, but not from Cod' Tempest, fire and .sword-don't cause as much yin 3 misery as• that common enemy—lndigestion'. 04 Now, here is a lady who once had Indigestion y' would prote3t herself against a return of 110 Therefore, she keeps by her. the sure remedy anu soacs, guard—Mother. Seigel's SytrtT —because, as shire st"fier "I feel rifer with a bottle of it in the house."' (15- Seig.ers Syrup is the only safeguard anyone nr; agaznst Indigestion. This root and herb extralt Btils the stomach, liver and bowels to act as 5, intended, and upon the natural a3tion of these orgas44 health and strength depend. Mrs. E. Oak, 35, St• 31'19, Terrace, Castle Hill, Hastings, writes, April

1009: "Between 16 and 17 years ago, my health. br0.„1"0,6 down. Food would not remain on my stomach. 7,11 matter what the food, it caused me to vomit hour or less after it was eaten. "After I had tried many kinds of treatment. Iv out benefit; I turned to Mother Seigel's SPIV': nal cure was quick and complete. Now an occaS',`°3 to. dose of Syrup thoroughly keeps up my health. :to 76 years of age, and I don't think many women 01 .9 age enjoy more vigorous health. The SyruPtb wondelful tonic. I feel safer with a bottle of it ja

_ house." _ "Sixteen years ago, Mother Seigel's Sy' tIP Ct Mrs. Oak of Indigestion. Since that d,l ,1t occasional dose has safeguarded her health. %"',lffer trifling price to pay for health-safety! Tr. c- from,stomach or liver troubles, Mother Seigel's 03. it will be as sure a friend and protector to yoll a 5 I.n. has been to Mrs. Oak. The 2s. 6d. bottle cont 3 3 times as much as the is. l',-d, size.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
SAD BURNING FATALITY.

Fatal Playing With Matches., floe rW Mr. S. Brighouse, coroner, attended at the Licr,-„„ces Court on Inursday to inqnira into the circurss ".jeerg of the death of Arthur Douglas Jones, aged two ~cce ent l ten months, son of Ai ilur Joseph Jones, ingu; ,' clerk, 82, Padgite-lane, who died in the luflrl t Wednesday night from severe burns. .a ths Margaret Jones, mother of the deceased sal fc about twelve o'clock on Wednesday she bad o,Fen,''' to go out for a few minutes int inoliiboP make some purchaies at a neighbouring the she left the deceased playing. with some toys °I3 hearthrug. There was a lire in the grate, but wss, r the tected by a fire guard. On her return she fount' ith deceased standing in front of the kitchen wiud°"' 16 his clothing on fire. She threw a cape around hill,t,ros took him to a neighbouring chemist, where the " were dressed. He was afterwards taken t° ebild Infirmary, where he died the same evening. lae unfortunately was suffering from a cold, ell camphorated bandage was put on 12;s chest. fouecl Margaret Jones, sister of the deceased, se id be tbe" a box of matches on the floor in the kitchen ne%toce' toys. The matches were usually kept near the ges;afor The Coroner remarked it was one of those tunate accidents which could not be avoided. The jury returned a verdict of "Accidental ve and expressed sympathy with the family.

'.;171

WrIVIVIS4/41'1.'1i

===== 0002601_19091023_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
Witl the s adril it tOn to and 1 least ( rattle Were !Gotha the s tl)a t a . lye n in a 1 Clean goal, i attack Would still 01 anti pp easily a real] 411 e tr of aevi

===== 0002601_19091023_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR FOOTBALL PHOTO PRIZE SCHEME.

Photo]

[Tonga.

THE CROWD AT THE WARRINGTON "A" v. INCE MATCH. The original .of the portrait marked with a X will receive the " Examiner " prize of ss. on calling at the office in Bewsey-street on or before Friday next, October 29th. Two prizes of ss. are offered for every First Team match, and one prize of ss. for every " A " Team match at Wilderspool.

The prize for the Warrington"A" v, Canterbury-street, Latchford.

St. Bart's. m itch has been claimed by Nathaniel J. Clarke, 4,

Wakefield Trinity v. Hunslet. Keighley v. Treherbert. Led s v. Ebbw Vale. Rohlile hornets v. Merthyr. Runcorn v. %Vigil'. SAlford v. Widn es.

Warrington will return to League football to-day with zest. They are third in the League table and by the end of the month should be at the top. To-day's opposition will be furnished by Broughton Rangers, who have done very little this season to maintain their reputation. Warrington will not have to treat them lightly, however, but go all out for a sub- stantial win. Last season the margin was 10-0 in Warrington's favour.

There is only one alteration in the Warrington thirteen as compared with last week's team. Frawley takes the place of Bradshaw and will, I hope, soon regain the form which distinguished him when repre- senting the Kangaroos. Be played clever football for the " A" team last Saturday, but did not exert himself greatly.

The teams against Broughton Rangers will be : Tilley, full back; Fish, Dickenson, Taylor and Frawley, three-quarters; Brooks and Jenkins, half backs; Boardman, Thomas, O'Neill, O'Malley, Shugars and Belton, forwards.

The" A" team should maintain its unbeaten record at Broughton with the following strong team : Mclntyre, full back ; Bradshaw, Jordan, Cartwright and Smith, threequarters ; Lloyd and Daintith, half backs; Bradshaw, Gibbs, Harrison, Harmer, Naylor and Cheaters, forwards.

The Leagne table up to date is as follows : For. _ A g_st._ Per-

P. W. L. D. G. W. P. G. P. centage Wakelrd T. 6 5 I 0...12 15 69... 3 5 21... 8333 Leigh Warrington 7 5 1 1... 9 18 72... 6 8 36... 7857 Runcorn 7 5 1 1... 9 11 60...10 12 56... 78.57 Hull KR 9 7 2 0...23 25 137...16 21 95... 77.77 Huddersn'd 8 6 2 0...15 29 117...12 12 60... 75.00 Oldham Halifax 6 4 2 0...16 16 80...11 It 55... 6666 Leeds St. Helens 7 4 2 1...20 27 121...12 21 87... 6t28 Hull 8 4 3 0...16 22 98...10 16 68... 62.50 Kei ghley 7 3 3 0...14 20 88...13 12 62... 57.14 Swinton '7 3 3 1... 7 17 65...10 13 59... 5000 Hunslet Wigan 6 3 3 0...12 17 75... 7 12 f. 0... 5000 Salford Batley Bradfordß 7 3 4 0... 9 8 42...11 17 73... 4285 Widnes Broughton 8 3 5 0...17 18 88.. 22 28 128... 3750 Barrow Dewsbury 7 2 5 0... 7 8 38.... 8 20 76... 2857 York Ebbw Vale 7 2 5 0... 4 9 35...11 10 52... 2857 Merthy Bramley... 6 0 6 0... 6 6 30...15 19 90-10000 Rochdale 6 0 6 0... 3 11 39...15 25 105-100.00 Treherbert 5 0 5 0... 2 8 28...15 21 103...100'00

.. .......,..,„.. - --: .. . , .:.., . ..:,..,..„.....::::.:.„.„..„.. „....„..,.., ..,..,....,,,,,. ....;,,:..,-::...;,..;if'f'.....:::;':.4.. -:'.1'1i..::........::::::::'1:•...........- . -.:.j.......:.....::!:!:.-...,',:1'''1cig:"..tr,7: ........:::.....,',.1::k:i0....4 ..!' . . ~.,,:..r..,.....:.....:.:,...4,,.....:7... ;,.,i,.,1:1L...;_1i.•:.-.:.:......!:..:.:::!...:::•!'iii,,.,...;..:,.. 4.•......: '.::::-..;:i..:II::: , ,iri'. •-..-- ',.....;g,_:,.4.,:.:::-.....• - -...-..:;,::7-71:.:-'... ,',.., ~..-..:.,.:::...,c,-;:m.:,,..........,...,:.;.:.:,,..-..,:....,,ik.,...-..:,:i1ij.,:....::.1!..,,,gi,..1,-,-...-.., ...,,., ..0k..1.::,i-,:::. ..,,.:.:-..- , •it;.:',:-,•:t..•,-,..::--.-...?.:-,i4,:-.:::k11,,,' i‘:. k p...1*. , °'.'*,,.,..:::,..: -: •'' *,.„:.,':'''....'... ..,..:::,...., :,,,,,,,4,.:.:;.:....:,..-:.:....,...,,rg'..''.:.;;,:;i:;'::::,:-. .....4p . . ' ... , .. ,:,.. ~ , --- ~........„.-..,.......' ..,.;...: .•:...:.....- ...' ,-. .'....:,..:.:..-......,,....., • -. : . s, .......;';',"' s ' . ~....-::!....C4kijAit :.- .... • , ---'. . -..0k . .. ... ~..:004i,:::::,:::,..iii,;,.....' .7',.::.,....4._:;'. "1:,...0.. V . - :1. ..-..-......-:....ii,2.**" .. . •-•;'4'-.;1f.::-...'. ' filii.''.,* ..- '...:: ~,..‘-'i.ff.;'.....:.:.-, • . . _

===== 0002601_19091023_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
r narBTILL , ii 4 . ‘... ‘.. ATtiutTicc,es____ ~ j.l .4,z, ....' t• Z • .

NOTES BY " OVALIST."

Raving said" good-bye" to the Lancashire Cup, the Warrington men can now devote themselves to more Igerious matters—such as the League' Championship! There did not seem to be any very keen disappoint- among Warrington's supporters when the team. 19(4 at Wigan. The result was according to proba- adities, and beyond a natural desire to see the LWirepullers triumph, the prevailing feeling seemed to "e that Warrington were well out of a competition Which throw a lot of extra work on the men for the chance of only a moderate amount of glory. -

„Wigan won by 15 points to 8 points, and they were smarter team on the day's play. But after, 4droltting so much it is only bare justice to Warring- -4741 to add that Wigan were lucky in many respects, lltl Warrington were very unfortunate not to have at least drawn the game. The course of the play was tather curious. During the first half Warrington !tere hardly in the picture. Wigan played superior kotball and everything came off. Five minutes from the start Warrington were penalised in front of the tcosts for off-side, and the goal was a gift to Leytham. ive minutes later Warrington were again ?sufferers la a similar way, though the decision was not so elearly just. There was no question about Leytham's g°4l, however. Then followed a spell of desperate attack on the Wigan line, in which Warrington ‘tatild have scored but for some faulty handling. While Btill on the attack Jenkins miskicked across the field and put Leytham in possession. The Wigan skipper .asily slipped Bradshaw—too easily in fact—and after ra really beautifully run he beat Tilley and scored a try. Thus at half-time, Warrington had a margin °' seven points against them.

It was the general opinion that they were A beaten de, but the more optimistic of their supporters got t 11 justification later on for the faith that was in tirta. The tide did not turn all at once though ! hno ! The second half had not been long in pro- Pess before Leythtun got another try. He had stepped 111 touch and received a forward pass, but the howls Of the injured Warringtonians had no effect on the !core. It was a faulty point, but it counted. Even "Ytham seemed somewhat ashamed of the try, and I ?,tia told he admitted after the' match that it was a 10ng 'tin." Warrington's cup of sorrow was more 'mu full at this point.

~..,.Perhaps Wigan slackened. Anyhow, Warrington lied in great style and after 'a hot attack in the quarter Fish opened Warrington's score with LI'Y at the corner, just after missing a similar ,„IPortunity. Thomas kicked a fine goal and wiped half the arrears. Excitement bubbled up again, aIA the Wiganers raced back to the other end, Price Ittaing a beautiful opening with the WarFington pefence completely beaten. One of Wigan's forwards, arr, was sent off for foul play. Then we had !"Other example of Warrington's dogged cup-tie !ootball. They drove Wigan back by superior power 11.1 the scrummage and Fish took play right to the ;s1!le with a great individual effort. It was thought he scored, but the Refpree ruled him held outside. ere was a scrummage on the line, and the desperate f_wirepullers literally drove Wigan across the rut and L'llehed down near the posts. After the roar there ne dead silence. Warrington had only to place the over the bar and the match was drawn. Thomas 71_0k the kick with great care and missed! Then there ,74!3 another roar, but it was from the throats of felieved Wiganers, while Warrington supporters '?.ere asking savagely why Fish had not taken the O• K. If he had, there might have been 'a different ;Wt. Perhaps not. I remember Fish having just :Ich an opportunity at Old!lam with the scores I,laetly the same and failing equally badly. The ▪ ates decide these things, and not tht players!

%The match would certainly have been drawn if .6 goal had been kicked. There was only five ll'Autes left for play, and Warrington seemed 'spirited, while Wigan came up again smiling. They tot another five points through as faulty a decision as lave seen this season. Miller was tackled near the 17arrington line and brought to the ground. While en Ts back he threw the ball out and J. Thomas got a 11 without opposition, Leytham adding his third goal, 'llter being tackled Miller should have played the .214111, according to rule. Instead he passed, and the tlecision should have been a penalty kick for Warring- tpl instead of a try to Wigan. Every dog has his "67. Warrington's must be coming!

t. I thought Wigan were superior in their combina- On and speedier in their running. Warrington's galldling was never great, and neither halves nor ten.tres were good enough.' They failed to make the ,Pilway that the Wigan men did when in possession the ball or more opportunities would have matured. .firadshaw again proved unequal to the duel with Ythani, who will have a remarkable record against jarrington if he goes on. It amuses me to hear some e_ .our experts say that Leytham is no good. If he :414 only been secured by Warrington when he played Z,County trial match here, he would have been a s;Y_llderspool god in the eyes of the same critics. Ytham is not a robust player, but he is very cool ,g4tl very clever. If he has never risen to Fish's linence—and thefdon't admit that at Wigan—it is "°eause geniuses are not produced every decade.

0 The Warrington forwards deserve most of the praise 11 the losing side. They did some solid work, got 11°3„ session frequently, and were always a bit better in Lao loose than Wigan. O'Neill and O'Malley both allowed up prominently. The best man on the field the day's play was J. Thomas, the Wigan outside i`O. He had more to do with Warrington's defeat all any man with the exception of Leytham (who rt the points) and his work was always an object ;.sson in half-back play. Tilley and Sharrocks both ',old fine work in the rear, and considering his 13`lvantage in years the Wigan man could claim little liPeriority. He was speedier, and that was all.

The League matches for to-day are as follow: barrow v. Bramley. batley v. York. tradford v. Halifax!' Warrington v. Broughton Rangers. t- Helens v. Dewsbury. Winton v. Huddersfield. aldham v. Hull. nUII Kingston Rovers v. Leigh.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL -

THE NORTHERN UNION.

Results of Saturday's Matches.

County Cup Competitions.

YORKSHIRE SENIOR CUP.-FIRST ROUND.

G. T. P. G. T. P. Hunslet 3 4 18 Bradford N'th'rn 0 0 0 Wakefield Trinity 0 1 3 Leeds.. 1 0 9 Bramley York 2 1 7 Hull - 0 2 6 Huddersfield LANCASHIRE SENIOR CUP.—FIRST ROUND.

Wigan Leigh 3 3 15 Barrow 0 1 3 Oldham 7 8 38 Rochdale Wants 0 2 6 St. Helens Warrington's Great Fight at Wigan.

The most attractive tie in the first round of the Lancashire Cup-ties was undoubtedly the one between Wigan and Warrington at Central Pdrk, Wigan. Both sides were fully represented, and 20,000 spectators flocked to the ground, more than 2,000 of whom came from Warrington. The odds were slightly in favour of the borne side, and as events turned out they gained the victory, though Warrington had the drawing of the match in their hands ne&r the close of the game. Thomas missed a simple goal kick, and Wigan after- wards scored again, though the point was Opealed against. It was a keen, exciting game and contested— with the exception of one incident—in very good spirit. The teams and officials were:

Wigan —Sbarrock, back; Leytham, Jenkins, Price, and Miller. three-quarter backs; Jones and Thomas, half backs ; Ramsdale, Silcock, Whittaker, Francis, Parr and Cheetham forwards. Warrington—Tilley, back; Fish, Diokenson, Taylor and Bradshaw, three-quarter backs ; Jenkins and Brooks, half backs; Boardman, Belton, Shugars,Thomas, O'Neill and O'Malley, forwards. Referee, Mr. G. F. Dickinson. Halifax. Touch judges, Messrs. E. Tongs, Swinton, and R. Jones. Widnes. Warrington lost the toss and Thomas set the ball in motion. Some lofty kicking by Jenkins and Leytham looked ominous, but Dickenson and Taylor were safe in their catching and play was warmly contested at centre field. Eventually Warrington forced matters, and Jenkins dribbling through sent the ball over the line, but Sharmck saved cleverly. Following the drop-out the Wiganers reached the Warrington 25 flag as the result of a misunderstanding between Bradshaw and Tilley, and Jones opening out the game, Thomas, Jenkins and Miller in'turn handled the sphere, but the wing man was speedily bustled into touch by Taylor. The Warrington forwards, in wheeling a pack, got offside, and the referee awarded a penalty against Shugars. Leytham took the shot at goal and easily sent the ball over. Warrington went direct to the Wigan quarters from halt-way and dashes by Jenkins, Brooks and Taylor caused the locals trouble. Passing was tried and the oval was speedily sent across to Fish, who, in essaying to defeat Miller, was tackled and Wigan escaped. The forwards threw plenty of energy into their work, end a brilliant effort by Boardman was only checked inches inside. J. Thomas ably utiliied the advantage of touch und follow- ing a judicious kick the ball was worked in close proximity the Warrington quarter line, where Leytham bad a fine chance, only to slip when apposition bad been cleared. By easy stages Warrington got the ball away to hilf-way, where Fish and Dickenson combined well, and it was left to Sbarrock to clear of the invasion. Wigan again attacked, Warrington again being penalized in a good position. Leytham p'aced his side further ahead. Warrington did not relax their energies in the least, and after Taylor and Bradshaw had done good work on the right Sharrock was lucky in holding up the young three-quarter at the corner. The home forwards, led by Siloock, forced the game to neutral quarters. lie-e Jenkins kicked across the field from the Warring- ton pack. Leytham dodged between Taylor and Brad- shaw and raced away to the open. Here Tilley's speed

was deficient, for the Wigan skipper continued his career, and though Fish took up the chase the advan- tage gained was too great, and a hurricane of cheers was a fitting reward to what was a brilliant effort. Sharrock missed the goal. Warrington next became pro ninent in some smart work in mid-field, and Dicken- boll made a commendable effort to get through, knock- ing down the referee in tho course of the rush. A long shot at goal by Leytbam hid a futile ending and at half-time the visitors were in a minority by two goals and one try (seven points) to nil. On resuming, the game contir ued to be strenuously fought and the pace did not slacken in the least. Toe Prat piece of pl .y which met with appreciation was a smart movement of the Warrington backs, and Fish and Dickenson raced along Ouch, passing and re-passing in fine style. Thomas next broke away and handing on to Jenkins that player made an opening for Leytham, who though he put his foot in touch succeeded in grounding at the corner. Warrington appealed against the point, but in vain. The visitors were not daunted by this reversa, but threw more energy into their work, and a fast forward rush, led by Thomas and O'Malley, was well saved by Sharrock. Warrington continued on the aggressive, and after Fish had failed to take advantage of a somewhat easy effort to cross, Leytham r.nd Jenkins forced matters to half-way line. War- rington again excelled in loose forward work, and Sh .rrcck and Price failing to stop the rush. Boardman fielded opposite the posts and throwing wide to Fish, that player scored. Thomas took the kick and landed a magnificent goal. Wigan immediately visited the Warrington quarters on resuming. PI ice tried a drop at goal, the ball striking the goal-post and rebounding into the field of play. Next came a lofty kick by Dickenson, and Sharrock failing to field, Fish raced to the line, being grounded inches inside. There was a strong appeal for the try, but a scrimmage was ordered, and no sooner had this been formed than the Warrington sextette rushed the opposition over and Thomas was awarded a try. The position was a good one and excitement was intense as Thomas took the equalising kick. The ball was carefully placed and the kick taken, but the shot was a failure, and the signalling of the same was hailed with cheers by Wigan and groans of disappointment by the Warrington section. Only a few minutes were now left for play. but during that time the visitors forced matters and Taylor and Fish were again to the fore with good work. Just in time Miller ran to the corner and was tackled. While on the ground he threw to J, Thomas, and the break of the rules was overlooked. Thomas got an easy try, and Leytham kicked another fine goal, Final: Wigan,3 goals 3 tries, (15 points) ; Warrington 1 goal, 2 tries (8 points.)

The Examiner, Saturday, October 23, 1909

===== 0002601_19091023_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
virith t . e pest!' it their write! -esti air s, WS' led) at

T-sleep 'gilt of general coarse teed for ono Or ell, bllt sirable, wt., it ist" 0°

.s have ilst the csmO a frien , The • 5 sure, Lhe cold sufferer n• after double- all this sure for rig f era wine ftA to it whic`: lieas9ll-

ti • ale t use .of nrposes' drestere high woe.o of the'r leg titer ter theo vcerine, jag it thl!t beir hsir sin the.t 'al their 0 those for the of these

import 3 skiW shapes bein.g skirts 1.5 al sorts .eight 3y kind, Lred far ooloat be COS ')tile fur; ,gs ths' button! iv the iintiego Lly;,cull° .ons, scas vot lire foto tstenilt r f Lithod

isit ogr thogli c 31147 rlifeb"T istgtl3ll ther From rlin 313.

ion,ci atici hoi saegfe, she saj— mother ,(15' nc- . *lture 3 0rga13.5: St. _pia 1.

[tb. brok.ro.6 telt. l• it ill '°

t 1661- n Afc 7tip. cosican h. aw an of Tx*' crup ja tio

care Lty aar tvhat niT's„ffer 1,9 SYrlt -oil 35. -oL

-,croner.: dros'ileg sc; .Y-„9cre insur6" rat' °

•ci that, 01 4011 oast._ to ldillgsboP "on the nro WO, roe )10" ,itb dow c 1 05 he Wi et t to •ia Deana ft

go. a he fo be. s t neore. , gasstonufor-- o.e

L Deatb;

.....°

===== 0002601_19091023_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
.. . . . . . ~ . we.:.,, iLERs, .4.. ...,." ' ~, . ..i. . ~. ....1.. j ..,- s ty;.. w.- :‘,. ..

T. KENT AND SON. 70, 0 EANS GATE, (opposite Barron Arcade' MANCHESTER. KENT'S RINGS a unsurpassed for quality of gems and perfection of workmanship. Kent's mount their own Rings—there are no intermedia'e profits; Writefor ILLUSTRATED BOOKLET of PRICES and ?full '-ula-- Telephone 8,715

===== 0002601_19091023_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
:AL.

BAKiN

MERRYWEATIIER ON

WATER SUPPLY & _FIRE PROTECTION

County Mansions; Experts sent to all parts to Report on Existing Arrangements.

Write for Pamphlets Merryweat her & Sons

63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W. C.

'I

ECOMING HAT is trimmed full and stylish with glace silk in black, navy or brown, and we offer it at the marvellous price ef 4/11. Bend poAal order at ince to The Bonnet Box,' 34 HOPE STREET, HANLEY, STAFFS, and this beautiful hat will be see, rar lace paid and carefully packed, to your address y return.

The Baby is the Darling of the Home! 0

All Wool 4$ is • ' Unshrinkablo # 1 SOCKS Are the IDEAL for BABY.

par tici .rs . , "The Cook's Best Friend." (ilillitrjß(ll/Kta .. \ K iNG POWDEFL JI /

THIS VERY SMART B St ,0,.." "' •,,.,,,,,..;',--... ..-, o .:,•:. ' -,x;-, .:;......t ~, .:*.- , ,- - - -_-,--, ----

===== 0002601_19091023_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
COMFORTABLE.

DURABLE.

UNSHRINKABLE.

From Hosiers and Drapers everywhere. If any difficulty in procuring writc-- "JASON" HOSIERY CO., LEICESTER.

Letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly estimated for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities. This is a good testimonial from the " Family Doctor" which goes on further to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that Science and skill have brought to light, and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it to our subscribers and the public generally. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Legs, Skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples and sores of all kinds the effects are marvellous. Thousands of testimonials. Clarke's Blood Mixture is sold every- where at 2s. 9d. per bottle. Beware of worthless imitations and substitutes.—Advt. 4 ONE BOX OF CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS is warranted to cure, in either sex, all acquired or constitu- tional discharges, from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back. Free from Mercury. Established upwards of 50 years. In boxes 4s. 6d. each, of all chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throughout the world, or sent for sixty stamps by the makers The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Co., Lincoln.-Advt. To MOTHERS.—MRS. WINSLOW'S Soothing Syrup has been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for the children while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately, it is pleasant to taste ; and produces natural.quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes "a bright as a button." Of all Chemists is, lid. per bottle,

===== 0002601_19091023_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
...,

-- -- -- - - - - -- i ' : t. . _,.. r... ~.„.. _. ~. - '. ..• .; , ..„. . ' . '' ' . .A, , -,Arz-. -..-- , - ~, ..t-'. ~..,;:,-....:. -',;•(,,,-.- , . '.:,,.....-,....,...,--. -•. .: - . ... .....- ....---.. ..,4:-:'::::-..• •-•,:,..., ."--• . -: - ...,... .-...,..,,,c•1r. : -..--- .„ ......- - • •„.• • .-`•-.:,:•-•-;4:1;•..:A4. ~.,.-.et*--..',:' -:-•-,,,,,-.*.t.:,,,..- '.: - -, .i. .• ••••••,.. - .... Z..-1.-. • ..-.;-,..6:-•- ~,,z,..„,:: -.,.. .... i.- . •••••..... .........:.v...,::: .<.,.. ...,,,;:-•-,:::•.....„-±....., .< ....,-;.„,,,,.-.,,,i.),....„:•;.:ityy**54.,.... :'::"•-....:;::::.,..j4.: s'i...i.. .....t10i,.0:ii:44',..5..:!' ' ' :,-. !:!' I ''.. ; .....„:4,'"*.;];', ..-•'1;.- . -.... , -. . ', -•••-• . ;,,•• . '.:.•:*'"'..?.!,11..:.1,.•..:Z:4.‘.....,;:e.Z.4--‘,%:14,4, ~'•,•-i',14,,,;.f..-.:.k1,-„..; .:,;:•,.,.---. ~. -,..,-•-•,--, ..••••.„.•.: - ..:. . . . . ... ...,. • , ~.....„:„:‘,....., ~.... : .-:. ..:.,••,,,*...,.f:4,,,•:. . .. 1 'i•1fi:::....,,i0.‘!".(‘'. ---',.. '' . ...,..., .---.,,0- . :,', '-• i,;, '•., '',::,..:..,. ... - ."40, ''....'''::.'irif4?-17.4'..14:44:4-, '''Tiaili'':;:•• ' ''''.t4"; '-.... ' . ;''' -.'. 11 . ' . ,iiiii7.0i;t7'7,•'::::.t:.;.•;..... ••^.?•-•,....:-.",...,..,„•::::-.,..:::,?'z-:;:::. ..., ''' ' ' '..:4•;‘,:i7:,T-s,:-"'..:.*,,,,, '"'-‘,e..-..,!-:.4,....,i.,., -'..7-7'7.k...-,;1::.. ' I•'''-.....-.. . `... -'... 'o-,..'-'4,- - ..,-4-4.: ~.......i. --04:::,--7:::"..': ....1.:.-I.':' 2 •;:... ~,,' ' : ;,., .'."::'...gi;::1:..,.,.:-,... %:;"'„,„-...-,•,. :•%•,t4,.,•..---............i.,„.:,..:, . ~w ----., ~.4.., ......, .'.:-..‘....-,,....f.:0?..6:':.- .- :..1!:,.: ...:':','.!::.?:!'''.'.......'.1&5:. . - -•.-.' .... ' ..,,Ziiiit-1,,,,;', :4;>.-"•.,:t.q.;,3".;;<- -::.--:',..' ;.'''.44.4:::"..' ~-.-. ~,. ...-.....„. ...::',':•;;,:',',•,-; .-. ...,...„,,, •. .. ..,.. , ,:p.,-. ~, ' .-, !..71:•:-..„;.,,..06.4.NIV:tr",41.,..k..1.'1,5:::..,. ~,.. . -4. 41; • ..., .. • ' - • ' ' '7'.:'..., -..,:-... t-,'... ',;',14.:.'"--s-'77.i..?"'gt,:.,.. ::::,..:41P9,- ~... ~..,...:,.. -<,..,,.. ;?.,:5.:,,,r , ;:,-......:::?...., ~..........,::;:: ' .. '....,...,Viir,?:!"'ilgt': :- " -•:-4.'.,-,... 5t,*,..-.:";•!."-;.:.;... ' '''.45:.4-4,'".. ,';:k.::::4*,'.644; '',..-':.:.- . . •• ' . .1"-'''.'-' ":,...c.;.......;;',4:E:',i.:**t.:4-e-.,; -...-7-, •,.::........1.'...'•°.! '-.... '..' '-: •:- .- -:,:-.....7.::„.."...'...-.77-^'''''-- - ' •• - ~ - - •-....f.':':':.- '.it:::.L.....ii,,,,i:•.:•::: • .:4fto-4,--,...,4--, s - '•:.---,,:*••:,..: '•7INI Pj4014... .'.. . - ' .. , ...,..,41-. mit* p...n.m...4..1,,,.. , 1:r .. ... .... . . A '4-'4. • •- • • • 11110MORPIP4'''' ' . , : ....f.....,..m:,:.**,,:....,,t.i..,.:::::,,i'7.-.'......'....-::::-,:. ::::=„4,-,....,,.-..,4.,:::,.,..,.:#*0-e..4":4,;.. ••. • • •r4.t.*e.,..L, ..6.:,: 4:;:,,,,::....:•,...,....,•-=-=--N4 ~.:.....: _, . ;...•, ilil-; ..; . . ,„.„ ..L2:.,::...„,,1„:„.... . -..:.,,,,.,„,v1....,-..,,•:.:',:7,;:g4:0;m0Aii-4•44figai.4114.,,,,6;.tz0,4&.rkT..:..--.• i..... ~...!,•-•:' . .` ~,. ..."..te..i-.•-:.•,....:-.'-',40,t,.... .... ...,... 0,,,,,..,.....0,§,4,........,..,,,..........f.......*.......,.....,..,,!..........,1,,,-„, .....: ... ......,..:, ...„.- ..... - ....•.,...,.., - ~.40,..4- .. • - 1,66 .. ^.... 4.... :',Q,..U4,-,iiiiVik,,,,,, , ~,Ter • , ::',.:'l '...7 . - , .- :,:-..":'..,';.::: '' % f'..t': ." • ..* ` : ",.. ': ~ .:.„...'• •• .- -'.' • .*,, ~•': ;', •,--,.,. - • .''''''` ' t,"?...70,.." ','"3:,,,',.,,,1 ';',lnr'.:*!.. ..„....,..'• .., ....i.......... :::!..t.-4. •••••• • '..'l" '4"':'•V. ' •••• ... '''/,,j,:01g., „- ,a,:',.,."-; •• ... I- ~,,v.,,,dc,..• -, - -04.,t ~:... ~ ~.,,,,,, .., .., ~ .. J...., . , 4 ...,......7... 4,. '‘ ' '.: '1,7-1, .--.-in,, f.--'-- -*.I. - ---,skt,""'-;4*-',..,..:..•.,,., ....'.'5,:...,,,',,...'."< -*.ik,....i...%,......z.4.-:,,.. ..,:-..',.....,:, ..,'.:,,,:-.--,-.4,,,,...,:,..-, /J.• .

===== 0002601_19091023_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
Northern Rugby League.

G. T. P. G. T. P. Broughton R. 3 5 21 Swinton Keighley bbbw Vale 0 2 6 Batley Runcorn The game between Treherbert and Salford was post- poned owing to the ground being flooded.

RUNCORN GAIN POINTS IN WALES. Runcorn played a League game on Saturday at Merthyr Tydvil before 3,000 spectators. Several. of the visiting team having lately received injuries, there were alterations In their combination. The visitor's lighter pack were fast and gained advantage by their speed, and they showed superiority behind the scrum- mage. They soon got the better of matters, and from a fine run down the field Padbury scored nicely behind the post, Moran goal ing. Good passing by the visitors followed, in which they promoted a scientific attack, but the movement failed. Subsequently they again got away and near the goal White passed from the scrum- mage, Flannagan rnshing forward to receive, and adding to the score. Moran again safely goaled. Unsworth with a dash, nearly got through, and some further movements of the visitors proved ineffectual. Padbury opened out well and walked in, but the try was not improved. At half-time the visitors led by 13 points to nil.

_ After the interval Merthyr pressed vigorously, and the forward did good work, especially Lewis. From a penalty Paddison scored a goal and from a rush Bevan got a try, which was unconverted. Result—Runcorn, 2 goals 3 tries (13 points), Merthyr 1 goal 1 try (5 points).

HELENS MAINTAIN THEIR GOOD FORM. Widnes and St. Helens met at Widnes, and there were about 8,000 spectators present. At the outset St. Helens attacked, and Cteevey placed a goal from a mark. After this the home forwards got possession almost every time, and the backs showed good com- bination, but it was not effective. Towards the interval Widnes kept up a hot attack, and from a scrummage close in Lally dropped a goal. This was followed soon afterwards by another dropped goal from Noon. Half • time—Widnes 2 goals (4 points), St. Helens 1 goal (2 points). In the second half St. Helens showed improve 4 form, and Trenwith picked up from a scrummage dose to the line and scored. Creevey improved. The cheers had hardly died away when Trenwith dashed away, and gave to J. Greenwood, who scored a second try. Towards tbe finish Widnes iittscked, but failed to score Result :—St. Helens 2 goals 2 tries (10 points), Widnes 2 goals (4 points).

===== 0002601_19091023_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE SENIOR CUP.

A meeting of the Lancashire County Union Com- mittee was held at Manchester on Monday evening, Mr. Robert Collinge (Rochdale Hornets) occupying the chair. The draw for the second round of the Lancashire Senior Cup was made as follows: RUNCORN V. 0 LDHA M.—Referee, F. Renton (Hunslet) ; touch judges, A. E. Gregson (Salford) and E. Tongs (Swinton). WIGAN V. BROUGHTON RANGERS.—Referee, R. Robinson (Bradford) ; touch judges, T. King (Salford) and R. H. Jackson (St. Helens). LEIGH V. SALFORD.—Referee, W. McCutcheon ; touch judges, F. Turner (Warrington) and T. Foulkes (St. Helens). SWINTON V. Sr. HELENS.—Referee E. Minion (Wigan) ; touch judges, J. E. Smith (Rochdale) and A. Jones (Warrington). To be played on the ground of the club first narded, on Saturday, October 30. JUNIOR CUP. - - -

The draw for the -6i-id retina- of the Lancashire Junior Cup, to be played on Saturday, November 6, was made as follows : _

%Yardley v. Pemberton. Heyside v. Wigan Higbfleld. A SUSPENSION.

Mr. Dickenson. the referee in the match Wigan v. Warrington, reported Parr, of Wigan for striking. Parr was suspended for one week.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE'S TEAM. Strong Side Selected to Meet Yorkshire.

The Lancashire team to meet Yorkshire in the County Championship match at Hull on Thursday, November 4th, was selected on Monday night as follows : E. Clarkson (Leigh); full back. __ .... _ .

Tyson right wing, S. Deane (Oldham) right-centre, B. Jenkins (Wigan) left-centre, and J. Leytham (Wigan) left-wing, three-quarters. E. A. Anlezark (Oldham), J. Thomas (Wigan), half-backs. _ _ _

RG _ . allop (Leigh), P. O'Neill (Leigh), R. Ramsdale (Wigan), V'. B. Jardine (Oldham), A. Kennedy (Runcorn), and F. A. Shows (Warrington), forwards. Reserves: J. Sharrock (Wigan), full back ; G. Dickinson (Warrington), centre; J. Flannagan (gt. Helens, left wing ; J. Miller (Wigan), right wing, three- quarters ; E. Brooks (Warrington), half-back ; G. Ruddick (Broughton Rangers), E J. fhomas (Sallord), and F. Lee (St. Helens), forwards. Referee: J. Priestley (Salford).

===== 0002601_19091023_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE COMBINATION

WARRINGTON "A " V. INcE.—These teams tried conclusions at Wilderspool before a large crowd, the home aide including Frawley, the Australian, who, how- ever, did not appear to have thoroughly recovered from his injury. Warrington were soon on the attack and at an early stage the visitors were penalised and Mclntyre placed a goal. A passing movement by Daintitb, Kay and Frawley was checked by Sharpies, but Cheaters took advantage of a weak kick and scored near the posts. Mclntyre added the extra points. Smart combination by Kay, Daintitb. and Cartwright ended in the centre three-quarter crossing at the corner. Mclntyre con- verted fronr a difficult position. In quick succession Frawley and Smith added tries and Mclntyre placed one goal. Halt-time: Warrington, 30 points; lace, nil. Turning round, Warrington were consistently on the attack and the visitors were outclassed. Tries were scored by Boardman, Kay, Smith, Jordan and Cheaters. Mclntyre maintained his fine reputation by kicking four goals. Result : Warrington, eight goals nine tries (43 points) ; Ince, nil.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
YLANDS RECS. v. WIDNES WHITE STAR.

Last Saturday, Rylands' Recs. played Widnes White Star on the ground of the former. The game resulted in a pointless draw. The home team were handicapped by having three men off, including Darbyshire, who was injured in the match with P. and K. but was not taken to the infirmary as stated last week. The teams were fairly equal and each side kept pressing, and it was only the smart tackling that prevented any side scoring. Furness for Rylands had hard lines in not scoring from a cross kick by Horracks. Fillingbam, also a Rylands' man, just missed, when attending a drop goal. Noon for the visitors was particularly unfortunate in not registering a try, for although he had defeated Rylands' backs he was pulled up by McGowan when only five yards off the line. During the second half a Widnes representative had a good try for a goal which just grazed the upright. Today (Saturday) Rylands' Recs. will play St. Helens White Rose away. STOCKTON HEATH v. WESTFIELD AMATEURS. Played at Stockton Heath. Stockton Heath, 2 tries; Westfield „Amateurs, nil.. .

Mr. S. F. Welsbi, 2, Ellison-street, Stockton Heath, will be pleased to communicate with secretaries of clubs for the filling up of dates.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

THE LEAGUE.-FIRST DIVISION. RESULTS UP TO SATURDAY.

Goals—

Pld. Won. Lost. Drn. For Agst Pte. Sheffield United Blackburn Rovers Liverpool Newcastle United Manchester United 9... 4... 2... 3... 15... 11... 11 Nottinghant Furest 8... 5... 2... 1... 11... 9... 11 Everton lO.. 5... 4... 1... 18... 17... 11 Aston Villa Sunderland -Bradford City Bristol City Chelsea Bari Notts County Sheffield Wednesday 9... 2... 4... 3... 12... 19... 7 Middlesbrough 8... 3... 5... 0... 16... 15... 6 Tottenham H Bolton Wanderers Preston North End 8... -1... 5... 2... 9... 14... 4 Woolwich Arsenal G. G.

Liverpool 2 Bradford City 1 Bury 3 Preston North End ... 1 Blackburn Rovers 1 ChelseA 0

Sunderland 6 Woolwich Arzenal 9

Middlesbrough Notts Forest , 2 Bolton Wanderers Manchester United / 2 Aston Villa 0 Sheffield Wednesday 3 Newcastle United Sheffield United 2 Everton Bristol City 3 Notts County

SECOND DIVISION. RESULTS TO SATURDAY.

—Goals—

P. W. L. D. For Agst. Pts. W. Bromwich Alb. 10 ... 7 ... 3 ... 0 ... 17 ... 10 ... 14 Hull City lO ... 6 ... 2 ... 2 ... 19 ... 12 ... 14 Glossop 8 6 1 ... 1 ... 17 ... 6 ... 13 Fulham • 9 5 2 ... 2 ... 13 ... 6 ... 12 Leicester Fosse Blackpool lO 1 2.. 4 ... 12 ... 10 ... 12 Manchester City ... 8 ... 5 ... 2 ... 1 ... 18 ... 11 11 Derby County Wolverhampton W 9 ... 4 ... 4 1 ... 15 ... 18 ... 9 Stockport County 9 ... 3 . 4 ... 2 ... 9 ... 10 ... 8 Leeds City 8 . 3 4 1 ... 12 ... 10 ... 7 Barnsley Bradford Lincoln City 9 2 . 4 ... 3 ... 9 ... 22 ... 7 Oldbnm Athletic 7 ... 2 ... 3 ... 2 ... 9 ... 10 ... 6 Burnley 8 2 ... 4 ... 2 ... 9 ... 13 ... 6 Birmingham 8 . 1 .. 4 ... 3 ... 14 ... 18 ... 5 Clapton Orient Gainsborough T 8 ... 1 ... 6 ... 1 ... 9 ... 25 ... 3 Grimsby Town 8 1. . 6 4 ... 15 ... 3 G.

Fulham -3 Bradford

Glossop 3 Grimsby Towtru 0 Leicester Fosse 1 Derby County 0 Blackpool 2 Clapton Orient - ° Manchester City Birmingham liull City .. Oldham Athletic Barnsley Wolverhampton W.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
LIVERPOOL AND DISTRICT LEAGUE.

WARRINGTON ALBION'S V. HELSBY.—Warrington Albions entertained He!shy on Saturday afternoon at Liverpool-road. There was a good attendance. Dilworth won the toss for the Albions and Griffiths started. Doyle made little progress for Dilworth kicked down the field. The ball was returned, end Forster got hold.cif the ball and defeated Wyatt with a ground shot. Thomas and Hunter combived well and the former unlucky in not opening the Albions account. Hughes had an open goal presented him, but his shot went wide. Helsby still pressed and Wyatt saved well from 'Locket, Ritchie and Hunter raced down on the Albions right, but L. Fletcher ran back and cleared, The home forwards troubled the Helsby backs severely, but were unable•to place the ball within the visiting team's net. For a few minutes the backs on both sides had the ball to themselres, long kicks being prominent. Ultimately Pendlebury got the better of Hughes and was making for goal when Fletcher ran across and upset him. Wyatt was lucky in saving a minute later. Play centred round the visitors goal, but the Albions were unable to score up to half-time. Interval : Helsby, ode goal ; Albion, nil. Play was keen in the second half. Thomas broke away and beat the backs, hue Jones saved well. He saved high up later a header from Hunter. Forster broke away and had only Wyatt to beat when close in, but Short intercepted and his shot went wide. The ball was rushed from end to end frequently, and the opposing backs were kept busy. Ellworth worked the ball into the Helsby quarters, and beat Jones with a high dropping shot. Result: Albion, 1; Helsby, 1.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE.

Pld. Won. Lost. Drn. For Agst. Pts Vsto'n S. Johns 4 ... 4 ... 0 ... 0 ... 14 ... 2 ... 8 Wellfield Howley ... 4 ... 3 ... 1 0 ... 17 ... 5.. 6 Thelwall United 2 ... 1 ... 1 ... 0 ... 3 ... 2 ... 2 Calder & Mersey 2 ... 1 ... 1 ... 0 ... 2 ... 3 ... 2 W'lkersßrewery 3 ... 1 ... 2 ... 0 ... 3 ... 12 ... 2 Whitecross W'gton Albions 3 ... 0 ... 3 ... 0 ... 1 ..., 13 ... 0 N'ton Amateurs 1 ... 0 ... 1 ... 0 ... 0 ... 4 ... 0

Matches for Saturday, October 23rd. Walker's v. Newton Amateur. Thelwall United v. Earlestown St. John's. Result for October 16tb. Walker's Brewery 3, Warrington Albions 0.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL GOSSIP.

BY B. BENNISON.

ILLUSTRATED BY JACK DODWORTII.

In other days—the good old days, I like to call them—there were no two full-backs I liked to see snore than Tom Brandon and Johnny Forbes. of Blackburn Rovers. Nicholas J. Ross appealed to the imagination; there was some- thing • charmingly distinctive about him and Bob' Holmes and Howorth, who were at one time or other his partners. Donald Gow was wonderful, but Brandon and Forbes, totally dissimilar, were my ideal pair. I preferred them even to the brothers Walters. Now at Black- burn as the successors of Brandon and Forbes we have Bob Crompton and Cowell, two worthy sons of Lancashire. Crompton, of course, even when in his teens, was a remarkable player; to- day he stands alone; there is no right-back like him; big and strong, the picture of health, Crompton is Jan Ridd in real life. His bigness is exaggerated as he is ranged alongside Cowell—a wee fellow indeed. You have physi- cal extremes with a vengeance. Cowell is a smaller man than Herbert Burgess, who, by the way, seems to have passed out of big football, though I understand that he is still a member of the Manchester United Club; he is every bit as good as the old International was, which is saying much, for really when Burgess was at the height of his power there was not a

PI.KI AM* --t-s.rt TIN

able internationalists.

cleverer footballer in his position in the coun- try. One writes of Cowell because he is playing an absolutely great game. He seems stronger physically than last season, and one can scarcely imagine a greater trio of defenders than Ash- croft, Crompton, and Cowell, who will most likely be asked to play with his fellow - back in the Internationals now that Jesse Pennington may possibly be affected by his most unfortu- nate injury. The Blackburn defence so far has been the foundation of the Rovers' team; and so long as the present form is maintained•the days at Ewood Park will be very prosperous ones. Sheffield United's Success. It would appear that there will be a re- ilniffling of honlurs this season; and if there is the game will be all the better. Perhaps the most astounding featuni of League life is the dontinued suocess of Sheffield United. No one could have poesibly dreamt that they would go into the second month of the season without having suffered a single reverse. People at Bramall-lane, almost from the birth of the United, have been particularly happy in deve- loping talent. Sheffield United have done as much, as most folk 41 Inc ire :Artiaimkpef

acqutinig lui,Lu•ctimr3 wile nave maw tneir repu- tation elsewhere. Look over the list of young men now with the club, and you will not discover that in any individual sense they have contributed to the game's his- tory. In saying this, I refer to the younger school at Bramall- lane—to men like Kitchen and Harding°, for instance. - It may be that Sheffield United will finish the League cham- pions; certainly no team are playing better at present, but they can scarcely hope to improve upon their performance against Evcrton at Goodison Park. Their victory proves, if it proves anything at all, that Sheffield United arc a most excellent side. Ordered Off!

Everybody will be very, sorry to hear' that James Turnbull, the Manchester United centre- forward, and Hunter of Aston Villa, were sent off the field at Clayton for an unwarrantable loss -of temper. It is, I know, most difficult to curb one's feelings, at all times; but one looks to men

like Turnbiill and Hunter to be beyoind such an affair as that in which they appear to have en- gaged et Clayton. • I expect they are both very sorry that they forgot themselves; they need make their apologies to the Football Associa- tion•, they must be prepared to pay the penalty of their indiscretions.

It will appear very strange to many people that at a time when Woolwich Arsenal can do little right—they aro passing through a most un- happy experience—Bury should come along and bid for and take off Lee, one of the Arsenal for- wards. I should have thought that Woolwich had absolutely. no players to spare. Leo at times is a very capable footballer; he promised to do a great deal better than he has done at Plum- itead. Still. I think Bury have done well to take him to Gigg-lane, though I suspect that, like a good many more clubs, they would have 'pre- ferred the young Scotsman, Greenaway, who is a bright and accomplished forward. Steve Bloomer as Centre. I do not suppose that Middlesbrough will finish the season amotig the high-placed clubs in the First Djvision; but I am almost sure that, on _their day, the forwards, as a combination, will bear comparison with any five in the country. Really, however, do those responsible for the selection of the team seriously expect us to ac- cept Groves, whom we have always thought to be a back, as a right-wing forward? It was diffi- cult to refrain from smiling when one saw Stephen Bloomer in the centre and Groves and Common on the right- wing. It was a queerly- constructed Middlesbrough team one saw at Tot- tenham; but it was too much for the "Spurs," at any rate.

London Clubs Doing Badly. These are poor days for the three London First League clubs; but in the Second Division Fulham, without doing anything very startling, are playing steadily and well. This they need

f-jo RUS

Irday.

continue to do. It becomes increasingly difficult every year for a club to march from the Second to the First Division. There is not a pin tc choose between any of the first half-dozen, though at the moment Glossop clearly hold thE best record.. But what, after all, is the spice ol Second League football is that the apparently strongest club can easily come a cropper when they engage in a match they seem to have in keeping. Take the recent experience of West Bromwich Albion, who were well beaten b 3 Wolverhamnton Wanderers. There has been a loud cry for new men at Wolverhampton lately and results justified the demand for recruits but there cannot be very much wrong with the side when they go and beat West Bromwich by three goals to one.

CLAP 0 PA .4 ',..., .Z.±.:'.. I ,ft, . , ~,/,h. ,4,- ..__. tx,- 4, •,,, , v 4:3) p.; it 0/ .. \.: ;,,, .....e..,V .. ..tt .......... ,_____ . A,-........-9 (th- Prob-'

) N r K ' ../ ••• : fi;,'" , )..•,\l' . , - 17: „, , 'V tjr- . S. F A• .:- 1. Turnbull (Manchester United), and Hunter (Aston Villa), before the F.A.

C._• 'LIST RN -riS -14 V :FA L.. e or %A/OE' ........- I Z l'ita ‘ . -....,,, • I I' ii,...„ /ii fro te, • , ,:„ ...,3..... ,----.-A.,::---, .. _ ,rs, Chelsea, and Arsenal were beaten on SAW!

===== 0002601_19091023_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
PILLS v. LIQUID MEDICINE.

Many people have no hesitation in taking a dozen bottles of medicine in liquid form prescribed by a doctor, but view with alarm the suggestion to take a course of pills. This misapprehension is no doubt due to the impression that pills are merely purgative, which may be correct in some instances. DR. MORSE'S INDIAN ROOT PILLS, however, are not merely purga- tives, acting upon the bowels only, but contain more important properties, which correct all disorders of the 81001, Liver and Kidneys, and the Stomach, evidence of which is not wanting. Thousands of Testimonials sent us voluntarily and gratuitiously verify our statements of what Da. MORSE'S INDIAN Rom' Pius will do and are doing every day. You will find neighbours, friends, and relatives everywhere who have been restored to health and who can testify to the marvellous blood-purifying and healing proper- ties of these pills. DR. MORSE'S INDIAN ROOT PILLS have come to stay. They are an efficient, reliable and safe remedy, placed on the market at a price within the reach of all.. They are sugar-coated, pleasant to take, and retain their full medicinal properties, and they are a positive and permanent cure for Constipa- tion, Biliousness, Sick Headache, Impure Blood, Pimples, Boils, Blotches, all disorders arising from deranged Liver or Kidneys, and Female Irregularities. Sold by Chemists and Stores price Is. lid. per bottle, or THE W. H. COMSTOCK CO., Ltd., 21, Farringdon Avenue, London.

WILD BRITISH CATTLE.—The wild cattle of Great Britain have become one of the curiosities of the bovine race in this country, says "Old Breeder," in "Farm and Home." lhere are only very few herds of them remaining, and most of these are diminishing from a very natural cause. Of course, they are con- fined in parks, and are jealously guarded from any admixture of alien blood. They are as wild as buffaloes, and are treated in the same way as deer. In colour they are white, with red ears, and historians assert that they had a large share in the evolution of the Shorthorn, as it is known to-day. It iacertain that the colour men- tioned crops up quite unexpectedly in our pedigree herds. They will probably become extinct in a feu years, owing to the extreme difficulty of procuring sires unrelated to the herds, and yet of the same-breed.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
E pu

POISONED HANDS CURED.

" I have suffered four years with poisoned hands, caused by dye. I tried many physicians and hospitals and had my fingers lanced without any success. After all the cutting my hands got to be a mass of small holes and water came out of them. The itching was something terrible, especially at night, and I could not sleep. After using so many hospital remedies without avail I thought I should have to suffer for ever. Then seeing an advertisement of the Cuticura Remedies I thought I would try the Cuticura Soap, Cuticura Ointment and Cuticura Resolvent Pills. There is no more breaking out of water and I can sleep well, without itching. I only used two cakes of Cuticura Soap, one box of Ointment and two vials of Pills to effect a complete cure. R. Goodman, 88, Chamber St., Leman St., London, E., June 19, 1909."

===== 0002601_19091023_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
FROM WARRINGTON TO WIEN AND BACK.

WITH SOME IMPRESSIONS BY THE WAY. (SPECIALLY WRITTEN FOR "THE EXAMINER" BY ALDERMAN BENNETT).

===== 0002601_19091023_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
When the Warrington Corporation were good enough to appoint me as their repre- sentative on the Second Continental Town Planning Tour, I promised the Editor of "The Examiner" that I would give him some impressions of the same. I have already reported to the Town Council in reference to the special objects of the Tour, but there were many incidents in my long journey of something like two thousand five hundred miles which it is cimpossible to include in a formal report, and at eyery stage there was some interesting fact to be noted, or some experience which it is a pleasure to recall.

I left Warrington by the eight o'clock morning express for Euston on Friday, the 10th September, and, after lunching in London, joined the rest of the party at Charing Cross Station at two o'clock. Organized by the National Housing Reform Council, and numbering thirty-four all told, it included the energetic Chairman of that influential body, Alderman William Thomp- soil,the Mayor of Richmond ; the Chairman of its Finance Committee, Councillor Harold Shawcross, of Rochdale; its courteous and untiring Secretary, Mr. Henry R. Aldridge, of Leicester; Mr. Stanley P. Adshead, the new Professor of Civic Design at the Liver- pool University; Mr. Albert E. Cave, the genial editor of the "Municipal Journal" ; Mr. Walter Peacock, Surveyor General to the Estates of the Duchy of Cornwall; Mr. W. McGregor Ross, who, as Director of

===== 0002601_19091023_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
unabated interest at the higher and the lower town, the first enclosed by massive walls and bastions; the domed cathedral; and the busy harbour from one part of which Napoleon had proposed to hurl his great flotilla on our English coasts; but I was not loth to leave them all behind and glide out quickly into the shadowy wastes of sea and sand which fringe the river Liane and the railway • till it gradually diverges through long, rows of unfamiliar trees into the pleasant plains of La Belle France. Almost as soon as we had started we sat down together to our first meal in a continental train. It was too dark to see anything of the country, but I remember that we stopped at Abbeville, with its girdle of ramparts (for close upon two hundred years an English city) ; and then at Amiens, the birth Place of Peter the Hermit, and though we could not see it, thought about its fine Cathedral, and recalled the famous Treaty once concluded there. ,In spite of its 91,000 inhabitants, the town looked singularly dark and silent. as we stepped out for a moment on to the low platform ; and the same remark applies to Loan, which is, however, a much smaller town, and stands upon a low"e' and isolated hill and also boasts a fine Cathedral. We expected to change here, but our carriage was detached instead, and it was not until we had nearly reached the end of our five hours journey that we had to leave the train at Betheny just outside Rheims, and, on a

===== 0002601_19091023_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
RHEI MS.

Public Works in British East Africa, was looking out for new ideas for that great new Colony; Mr. Councillor Peter Wright, of Newport, the champion twelve stone wrestler of the world; two clergymen (both Socialists); a Congregational Minister who was also a town councillor and never wore his hat ; and a miscellaneous company of surveyors, housing reformers and municipal aldermen councillors and officials too numerous to mention, but all exceedingly good fellows. I must not forget to add that we were honoured by the company of three ladies, including Miss Sybella Gurney, the gifted -and charm- ing hon. secretary of the Co-Partnership Tenant's Housing Council. A more interest- ing, public spirited and enlightened party it has not lately been my lot to meet. At twenty minutes past two,in two saloons, we all set out for Folkestone, and I did my best to divide my attention between the rapidly receding English landscape and an English gentleman who had made a fortune as a mining engineer in Australia, and was very full of Germany and all that he had seen there in the Spring. As we crossed the Thames, and saw the two great towers of Westminster, I recollected that the Town Planning Bill, which was the primary inspiration of our Tour, wa,s down for its Third Reading in the House of Commons that very afternoon. The conversation of my friend, however, was so engrossing that it left me little time for looking out of the window, though I did succeed in catching (once or twice) a flying glimpse of some of London's poor, freed for a little time from all the squalor of their everyday surroundings and happily engaged in picking hops beneath the soft blue Kentish sky. The last_ time I had visited the Continent was in 1905, when I attended the Autumnal Meeting of the Associated Chambers of Commerce at Liege; and on that occasion I had walked down to the steamer with Sir William Holland, who was then the Chairman of that important body. It was a curious coincidence that the first figure I now observed, on leaving the train, was the same Sir William, and that I walked down once again with him to the same steamer. He told me that he was relieving the tedium of his parliamentary duties by a week-end trip to Paris.

We lost the `.`, white walls" of our much- loved native isle almost as soon as we had left the land, for there was a soft gray mist upon the sea; and, almost ere I realized it, I was gazing once more at the harbour of Boulogne, the crowd of bathing tents, the big Casino and the line of white hotels which fringe the harbour. As the steamer slowed down quietly, I asked Sir William what he thought about the pros- pects of the Budget, and told him how diffi- cult it was for me, as a convinced Tariff Reformer, to oppose a measure with much of which, as a Social Reformer, I heartily agreed. He sympathized with my dilemma (though he is a staunch Free Trader), and, as the steamer neared her moorings and her decks became a chaos of promiscuous passengers and jumbled baggage, we parted with the mutual hope that our hereditary legislators will, after all, be wise enough to let the Budget pass, and so relieve one ardent Tariff Reformer, at any rate, from a very awkward dilemma.

...... The quays, the streets, the railway and the Station at Boulogne are so mixed up that it is difficult to tell where the one ends and the other begins, and the general impression left upon one's mind is that of mingled danger and confusion. The strange low platforms which are usual at these continental stations are not unlike the side-paths in our English streets. The trains are entered by two or three steps at the end of each carriage, and they have a knack :of starting off with- out the slightest fuss, and, if you are not careful, leaving you in the lurch. I only just contrived to scramble up to our reserved compartment in the nick of time, and in another moment we had left the bustle of the Station/and the busy quays behind, and were gliding swiftly on our way to Rheims. I had very pleasant recollections of a previous visit to Boulogne, when I was fortunate enough to spend a night or two at this extremely quaint French port and watering place; and I had gazed once more with

dark and silent country platform, wait until another train came up to take us to our destination. Rheims, by some curious perversity of language, is spelt " Reims " and pronounced "Rance," but we found a classic warrant for the natural pronuncia- tion in the legend of the famous Jackdaw, and everybody seemed to say that this sufficed. If, however, we specially wished to impress each other, and were disposed to give ourselves airs, we called it" Rance," with a sort of snuffle in the nose to add a little local colour. Rheims, too, looked strangely silent and deserted as, in a funereal sort of covered wagonette, we left the Station and rode through a broad leafy open space, and on along the stony streets to the Grand Hotel, which stands right in the shadow of the great Cathedral. A peep at its twin towers, which loomed directly over us, beneath the stars, some fifty yards away ; a quiet chat with Mr. Shawcross in a neighbouring café; and, at midnight, I was very glad to climb three flights of stairs and wrestle uhsue,cess- fully with the problem how to cover my poor weary limbs with a short eider down which reminded me more of a balloon than a bed quilt. The sun was shining brightly through the white Venetian shutters of my bedroom window when I woke the following morning. I flung them open and gazed out across the ancient city wistfully, but there was little time for reverie; and so I quickly dressed and joined my friends at their coffee, rolls and honey, which, with little variation, is the usual continental breakfast. It suited me extremely well, and wherever I went the coffee was—well coffee! And what can any one say more? As soon as we had finished, we found three large brakes, provided by the town awaiting us, and set out to inspect its varied glories. It would, of course, be quite impossible to do justice either to its history, its architecture or its general characteristics in the limits of this hasty article, and with its leading civic features I have dealt else- where; but I may say that it stands upon the right bank of the little river Vesle, in a plain which is bounded by vine-clad hills i that it was the capital of the Remi, and the Durocortorum of the Romans; that Christianity was preached here in the third century; and that, after the departure of the Vandals and the Huns, it became a religious centre of the first importance. Here Clovis was baptized and many of the kings of France were crowned. From its forgotten walls brave Joan of Arc drove out the English, and (such are Time's .revenges) English firms now mainly carry on its thriving trade in flannels, cashmeres and merinos.lt has to-day a population of 110,000, and who is there who has not heard how, just above its vine-clad plains, some two months ago, man first successfully disputed with the birds for the dominion of the air? We drove through the Place Royal and the long straight Rue du Fauborg Ceres, and visited some fine new streets but recently laid out, and I was glad to notice that, in several instances, when four streets intersected, Rheims, like Warrington, had planned a Circus. We visited a fine new Elementary School, and passed the Tramsheds,and the Cemetery, and a Military Hospital and a Creche, and rode by the establishments of many world-famed makers of champagne, and round a fine old. Roman arch (the Porte de Mars), most care- fully preserved, and a beautiful foun- tain, its broad stone basin poised upon the shoulders of a lovely group of emblematic female figures, and passed on into the chest- nut shaded Public Promenades,and sauntered slowly through the Parc de la Patte and the fine adjacent Horticultural Gardens, ' where fruits, and flowers, and vegetables of a hundred kinds grew temptingly; and then we crossed the big Canal; and, after glancing at the Abattoir and the public Wash-Houses along the river, rode back through the Place Royal, with its fine bronze statue af Louis the Fifteenth, erected in 1818, in place of one destroyed at the Revolution, and adorned with the original figures of Mild Government and Popular Happiness; and passed some quaint old ,

===== 0002601_19091023_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, October 23, 1909.

medival houses, and a flower-filled market, and so through the spacious Place des Marches to the beautiful Hotel de Ville, where M. Langlois, the most English-look- ing Frenchman I have ever seen, received us cordially, amid the portraits of his prede- cessors, and drank to us and to the Entente in the only beverage which really appeared to suit the place and the occasion. Then we saw the city archives, and the fine museum, with its noble paintings and its faded tapestries, and the wonderful Roman mosaic work discovered at Rheims, 36 feet long by 26 feet broad, which finely represents the sports which once prevailed in the old amphitheatres Then, highly pleased with our first morning's work, we went back willingly to our Hotel for lunch.

In the afternoon we visited the School of Commerce and Industry and the handsome home for aged men and women, where the citizens of Rheims, on payment of a reason- able sum, can spend the sunset of theill lives in peace; and passed the big Municipal Hospital for Consumptives, and the ancient Church of St. Remi, which, though freely altered in modern times,"retains the outlines of a vast and noble basilica of the early part of the eleventh century,"and is more ancient, though, in my opinion, much less beautiful, than the Cathedral.

In the afternoon, we visited the School of Commerce and Industry, and the handsome home for aged men and women, where the citizens of Rheims, on payment of a moderate sum, may spend the sunset of their lives in peace; and saw the big municipal Hospital for Consumptives, and the ancient Church of St. Remi, " which, though freely altered in modern times, retains the outlines of a vast and noble basilica of the early part of the eleventh century," and is more ancient, though, in my opinion, much less beautiful than the Cathedral. Unluckily, we had not time to enter, for we were due to visit an entirely different, but not less interesting place, to wit, the famous " caves " of Messrs. Pommery and Greno, who are known all. over the world for their champagne. A Moorish-looking building and some curious air-shafts indicated their proximity, and, entering a large apartment which con- tained a barrel big enough to satisfy a race of Brobdingnagians, but beautifully carved and filled with the rich• product of the choicest vintages in France,we were received by a stout English gentleman who was, we understood,the manager for the firm,and who, assisted by two other English members of the staff, conducted us down a sloping path- way, to the huge chalk caverns, of a peculiar dryness and a singularly even temperature, in which the queen of wines,in endless armies of black bottles, was enduring the pro- bationary period of five years which is supposed to bring it to maturity. The " caves " are something like twelve miles in length, and cover eighty acres. In certain central dome-like places, emblematical designs of great artistic beauty have been carved out of the solid chalk, and,in the semi- darkness, look like marble. Each tunnel is appropriately distinguished by the name of some world-capital or famous statesman, and they formed a veritable maze bewilder- ing in their extent and their complexity. The vastness of the place astonished us, but we were even more surprized when we were quietly informed that twelve and a half million bottles of champagne are kept con- tinually in stock in these great cellars. The grapes are pressed at the vineyards and mingled here in -mighty barrels like the one which we had seen, the quality depending mainly on the vintage and the blend. The champagne is afterwards bottled, periodi- cally shaken, sometimes by hand and some- times by machinery, and stored at varying angles until, at last, each bottle is exactly upside down. The corks are then removed, with the sediment which has gradually been deposited thereon, a little of the champagne escaping at the same time. This loss is replaced by a mixture-of sugar, cognac and old wine, and the bottles are then corked once again, sent by an endless chain to upper rooms, wired, decked in the accustomed labels and packed in boxes and in baskets ready for the world-wide market, and one does not wonder that the price is high. . But I was surprized to discover that champagne is practically as dear in Rheims as in London. We witnessed nearly all the processes described above and then our courteous guides invited us to sample the result. The wine they gave us, with a delicate regard for what they called the English taste, was a" dry" wine, but it was the only " dry " champagne we tasted on our journey. The continental taste is all for the sweeter kinds, and I honestly confess that I like them much the best myself. Moreover, I have a shrewd suspicion that if they would only tell the truth, quite nine- teen out of every twenty Englishmen would say the same. But it sounds distinguished to say that you like a " dry " champagne, and an Englishman will suffer martyrdom in order to look big.

After this acceptable little interlude, our good friends went with us to the Parc Pommery, a fine new recreation ground of eighty acres—exactly the same area as the cellars—which the firm have lately opened .for the benefit of their employes; and, hear- ing here that the big dirigible, the "Colonel Renard," was at present housed in the huge wooden Eta rodome which stood in the broad valley just below, we all immediately expressed a wish to see it, and, thanks to the presence of the Mayor, who had been good enough to accompany us on our afternoon's epursion, we were allowed to pass the frog-like company of soldiers who were guarding it; to walk around the elongated bag which filled the mrodome ; to scrutinize the four small gas bags bulging from its farther end, to look at its commodious car, its powerful engines, its propeller and its steer- ing gear; and to vainly long to join in one of those wrial journeys between Paris, Rheims and Nancy which are seriously con- templated as part of a regular service. The monster had soared into the air, the month before, like some great whale amid a shoal of dolphins,and my good friend,Mr. J.A. Ransome, of Warrington, had seen them all together gliding peacefully above the sunny plains of 13etheny in Aviation Week; but there was not any chance of its emerging for our special benefit that day; our waggonette was waiting; this item, as our good friend Mr. Aldridge laughingly reminded us, was "an extra ;" and we had to get back to the town without delay. (To be continued).

nation or to be present and hear the teachers of that denomination give it. He was sure there was no intention to grant any interference with the staff of teachers. With regard to the right to give i religious teaching. his impression was that n a secondary school the Act allowed parents to ask for religious teaching, for their children in accordance with the denomination to which they belonged, and the Local Authority had power to grant that if it so desired. Mr. PARR ER: By the staff?

Canon STEVENSON. : I imagine it is a matter of arrangement between the Education Authority and the staff. I don't think there is anything to forbid it. A MEMBER: It must be at the expense of the denomination.

Canon STEVENSON: It may be done by the teacher. The DIRECTOR : If the teacher volunteers. Mr. Upson: I thought that only refers to an endowed school assisted by the rates. , The DIRECTOR t I think you will find arrangements can be made whereby a denomination can finance religious instruction. A MEMBER : That is another thing altogether. Canon STEVENSON said they were most anxious to bring this matter to an end and they did not want to do anything unreasonable. The were ;quite open to a compromise so long as they could get the main object. Councillor ROBERTS said he seriously doubted the power of the committee to enter into sudh arrangements as stated in the proposal, but whether they had power or not, anything in the nature of a bargain should be a bargain intended to be carried out on both sides. (Hear, bear.) By passing that resolution they gave a certain amount of substantiality to the proposition and created an expectation of its fulfilment in years to come, when they knew their successors in office could do what they liked. That was not a businesslike or fair proposition. With regard to the alternative that the Education Authority should provide a higher or secondary school to which free access should bo given, the proposition required that the permanent staff should give the religious instruction. He was prepared to go a very long way to settle this frightful religious diffi- culty, but he was not prepared to go to the extent of requiring the servants of the committee, who should be appointed and paid for work purely in connection with secular instruction, to give denominational instruction of any kind vthatever. If denominational instruction was the highly important thing many people It-mostly believed it to be, it was not too much to expect them to provide the means for it to be given and not expect it to be given at the expense of the community. Canon STEVENSON: The denominations would pay for it.

Councillor ICOBEETS, continuing, said he objected to the giving of denominational instruction being made a condition of emp!oyment. lie did not, object to denominations who provided their own schools giving denominational teaching, although he knew that in that mitt or he would not early with him a very large section of that part of the community to which he hekonged. Personally he would give free access into all schools for giving religious instruction under certain proper conditions providing the instruction was given at th 4 expense of the denomi- nation and without intrfering with the staff. Councillor VERNON, as one of the managers of a denominationAl school, considered the proposition to allow freedom of access unworkable. It would lead to chaos.

The amendment was carried by a large mljority. MARRIED WOMEN TEACHERS. THE CASE OF MRS. CANN.

In view of the termination of the engagement of the Superintendent of Cookery Instruction, the School Management CoMmittee had resolved :

That a Superintendent of Cookery Instruction be appointed • That Miss Beatrice M. Witkins be appointed to the post at a commencing Falary of £llO, rising by animal increments of .£5 to a maximum salary of 2120 per annum; and That an additional Cookery Mistress he appointed at a salary in accordance with the committee's scale. . . .

During he discussions on these resolutions s letter was read from Mrs. Langdon 1. Cann asking to be reinstated as superintendent of cookery instruction, but the committee could not see their way to accede to her request. The Rev. JAMES DAVIES moved an amendment thlt the minutes be not approved. He said that at the last meeting it was stated that a superintendent was not necessary, and that the staff was sufficient. Now it was proposed to appoint a superintendent. Some members might have voted at the lasteneeting against Mrs. Cann being reinstated on the ground that a superintendent was not wanted. There was no economy in discharging Mrs. Cann and appointing another superintendent. He thought an honourable understanding had been come to whereby married teachers in schools directly connected with the Education Authority should be treated exactly the same as teachers in non-provided schools, where marriage was not an educational disqualification. Let Mrs. Cann be re-instated and if it was decided later on that the married teachers bad to go then Mrs. Cann must go also. For the good name of the School Management Sub-committee Mrs. Cann should be re-instated. If she were dismissed the teachers would have no security of tenure of their positions and there was a danger that their hearts would not, be in their work. Mr. GREENING seconded.

The Rev. JOHN YONGE, who said he was obliged to leave the last meeting before Mrs. Cann's ease was voted upon, supported. He considered her dismissal had features of great hardship about it. The voting was as follows : For tho amendment: Alderman Smethurst, Mrs. Jackson Holmes, Rev. John Yonge, Councillor Locker, Councillor Wilkinson, Alderman Tinnion, Councillor Vernon, Councillor Toole, Mr. Greening, Mr. Kingdon, dr. Fairolough, Rev. James Davies, Rev. Canon Stevenson, Alderman Bolton, Alderman James Evans, Mr. Upson and Mr. Unsworth-17. Against : Councillor Roberts, Mr. Jolley, Mr. Parker Mr. Walker, Mr. Plinston, Mr. Bradsbaw, Councillor Sankey, and Councillor Birtles-8. The amendment was declared carried. GILCHRIST LECTURES.

Mr. GREENING asked why the committee had declined to entertain a proposal for Gilchrist lectures to be delivered in Warrington. His experience was that the lectures were extremely good. The CHAIRMAN said the lectures would involve an expenditure of £4O which the committee could not see their way to incur. ST. ANN'S SCHOOL.

Mr. PLINSTON asked that a report of H.M. Inspector made after his recent visit to St. Ann's School should be read. The reason was that he (Mr. Plinston) made a statement a month ago which had been contradicted in the Press by a member of that authority. The CHAIRMAN said the reports of Inspectors were usually regarded as private.

Canon STEVENSON said that if the reports were published he was sure they would not get the same outspoken comments from the inspectors. The reports could be seen by any member of the committee at the Education Office. _

M;'. PLINSTON : lam satisfied with the report but I wanted other members of the committee to know its contents.

ARCHITECTS AND THEIR FEES.

Mr. H. ROBERTS enquired for information respecting a communication which had been received from the Royal Institute of British Architects in reference to the conditions of the architectural competition for the Evelyn-street Council School. Alderman BOLTON said they advertised for plans and particulars, and they left it open to all architects to send in designs, the committee stipulating that the cost should be a certain sum • per head and that the plans should comply with certain conditions. Those con- ditions did not suit everyone. Seventy persons tendered on the committee's lines but 20 wanted conditions of their oWn, and the latter would t have left them in this condition that instead of getting a school at £lO per scholar it would be anything from that to £2O. (Laughter). The architects wanted unlimited scope and to waste as much money as possible. Councillor ROBERTS said it was in common circula- tion that the dispute was on the question of fees to be paid to the architects. Was the usual standard scale of fees supposed to be paid, or were the committee trying to get a cheap job and breaking down their own rule as to paying trade union prices? Alderman BOLTON: We leave the architects to settle their own fees.

THE PROPOSED NEW SCHOOL. GRACE'S POTTERY SITE APPROVED.

It having been reported to the Sites and Buildings Committee that the resolution passed by that com- mittee at their last meeting, with reference to the acquisition of the site in Winwick-road, had not been approved and adopted by the Education Committee, it was decided that ths resolution in question be re-affirmed. It was, therefore, resolved that subject to the Law Clerk being able to obtain sufficient adjoining land, the site in Winwick-road known as Grace's Pottery be recommended to the Education Committee as suit- able for a new school ; that the necessary notices be issued for the provision there of a school to accommo- date 1,250 children.

Alderman BOLTON, in moving the adoption of the minutes, said the committee were practically unanimous. The Corporation bought the land years ago for the purpose of building a school. The land was in the right place for the purpose, and the school would serve the needs of that end of the town. There were several schools in the district that were overcrowded, and many people could not afford to pay the school fees. The committee had been taunted with not having built schools fast enough, but directly they got a piece of land that was suitable it was said it was not the right spot. Councillor WILKINSON moved an amendment that the minute be,not approved, lie contended that it was the most unsuitable site they had in Warrington. The neighbourhood itself was objectionable as there were vArtous works in it throwing out all kinds of vapours which would not at all he conducive to the health of 1,200 children who would be educated in the school if it were erected. It was a district that would never develop even if they put up a ralace in it. Councillor LOCKER seconded. Mr. BRADSHAW pointed out that the Council approved a resolution in July that the site be set apart for a school.

Alderman BOLTON said 10 was not surprised at the remarks Councillor Wilkinson had made because he had advocated this particular site as suitable for a bowling green. If it was good enough for a bowling green he (Alderman Bolton), considered it.w4a4oo4enough for a school.

Councillor WILKINSON: A very. poor argument. Alderman BOLTON contended that it was. an admirable site, if they excluded sentiment fram the matter. The Beamont school was now full. '1 he Rev. J. DAVIES thought that Alderman Bolton did not know much about the district or he would not have spoken as he had just spoken to them. He (the Rev. .1. Davies) had to find fault with the general scheme of school building in the town. They were erecting schools too near the boundary °Me. borough; and they were thus causing chillren to walk long dis- tances. What they saved now in the value of the site they would lose in years to come on the average attendance. The district was already supplied. The new school would not tap the Bewsey district as one of the speakers had suggested; if it wouli he would not have raised his voice that evening against the proposed site. The district was not a popalousi one, and that parts the tramway system which paid the least ran through it. Alderman BOLTON : There is no money. The Rev. J. DAVIES said he felt positive that if att inspector went to the school he would condemn it at once. Aldorman SMETHURST contended that the site was the best it was possible to get.. More houses had been built in Orford-lane and in Longford-street than in any other district. The neighbourhood was swarming with children. (Cries of dissent.) Mr. UPSON said that if what Alderman Smethurst had said was the unanimous feeling of the Sites aud Build- ings Committee he felt Very sorry for that Committee. He thought it was time its members had more con- genial work than tryieg to find schools for Warrington. The district had a smelter population now than it had 20 years ago, and since Longford Depot was put down in the locality all building operations had ceased. One side of Stamford-street had been pulled down and a large part of Oliver-street, and there were fewer housaa in the district. The site must be the least ssnitarY site it was possible to conceive for a school, The Medical Officer required certain conditions to be fulfilled with reference to ventilation ; but fresh air was a very rare thing in Warrington. The Council; of which Alderman Bolton was an admired ornament— (laughter)—ought to see that fresh air was admitted into the schools. In some of them theyjiad had te close the ventilators and all the windows lt ainst the prevailing winds because vast volumes of smoke evvePt in and the atmosphere became so foul. He contended that the present suggestion was one of the most remarkable which had ever been brought before the committee. The whole scheme of school building je Warrington was rotten and was not properly considered. The district, which was not growing, was not suitable for a-school. To commit themselves to such a. late expenditure for the largest school in Warrington which they could not fill was unwise. Councillor ROBERTS asked on what ground the last speaker made that remark. Mr. UPSON replied that accommodation was to be provided for 1.250 children. Councillor ROBERTS said he was surprised to hear that, lie was rather amazed to hear that there had been a diminution in the number of houses in the neighbourhood. That was a statement which ought to have evidence to prove it. Mr. tiPsoN : I referred to the houses which have been taken down. Councillor ROBERTS s- id there was no evidence of * diminution of population. On the contrary there bad been a considerable increase of population so far as Orford Ward was concerned at any rate. They would draw the supplies mainly from Orford Ward and it vicinity. If the locality was such an awfol one as fain been described, what had the past and present munici- pal representatives of the district been doing not to do something for it? It was absolutely impracticable to carry out the suggestion that the schools should be built nearer to the centre of the town. , Mr. UNSWORTH supported the amendment and said that teere were nearly 2,000 places not filled up in the schools. Mr. PLTNSTON said the committee had been told that the school was not required, but they were over!, crowded now, and in January, 1910, they would be still more overcrowded. Mr. UPsoN : Is it not a fact that this site has been viewed by an official from the Board of Education aaa condemned? There wis no answer to the question, and, th..? amendment was put and lost, ten voting for it and 10 against it.

ABOLITION OF SCHOOL FEES. MOTION BY MR. JOLLEY.

Mr. JOLLEY moved "That, on and after January Ist, 1910, the Local Authority no longer sanction the charging of fees in any of the public elementary schools within the county borough." He said that that Wee a most important resolution and dealt with a subject the Local Authority ought to face at once. First, be wished to allude to a document which had been circu- lated among the members of the committee. A coeYwea not sent •,o him by those who had framed it, but friend had supplied him with a copy that afternoon. It bore the name of the Rector of Warrington as preei; dent, of Mr. James Henry Smethurst as treasurer anu the Rev.J. Davies as secretary, and be (Mr. JolleY) must advert to it because it contained statement!" -which grossly misrepresented the real position. it, read as follows :—" The Church House' (iVarrington, October lath, Urgent and Important. Dear you will see by your agenda for Monday's meeting o the Education Committee, Mr. A. J. Jolley has given notice that' he will move the following resolution That it be recommended that the Local Authority longer sanction the charging of fees in any of the Wl"' lie elementary schools of the boraugh on and late! January 15t,1910.' We desire to point out on behalf el the Association of Foundation Managers of Church et- England schools that if such a resolution be adopten, practically the chief source of income for Church schools will be cut off. The managers, as you are I aware have to meet the expenses of the upkeep of the buildings. This is extremely difficult even withal(' help of the proportion of fees now allotted. Fnilingd these fees the schools would rapidly deteriorate, en the town would be called upon to replace the build- lugs. This would mean for t'le Church of England sobools alone something like £200,000. We trust thereforV you will be present and vote against the resolution He (Mr. Jolley) ventured to say that that grossly lei'. represented the position. There was a suggestion there apparently that the Church of England schools in the town represented a capital of £200,000, or that new accommodation for the same number of children wee!l. involve an expenditure to that amount. Neither IT, at all accurate. There were at the present time One' in the Church of England schools for over 6,000 children. The Rev. J. DAVIES : Nearly 7,000. Mr. JOLLEY said the Board of Education return' sanctioned by the Goveinment, had not been completec4 but when it had been completed it would be found that the number would be substantially less that appearee on the printed paper, The number of children on the books of the Church of England schools on October Ist was 6,435, and the average attendance was 5,934:: Therefore it was sufficiently near the mark to say Ouse the accommodation provided was about 6,000 PlaVijci That would suggest, according to the circulare bed reed, that each place in the Church of Bog's!'" schools was worth 'over £3O. That WaS 'preposterous statement to make. The Church of England schools did not cost a quarter el £200,000. If the places in the Church of Eaglet' schools ceased to exist, and proper sanitary accottin39u' tion were provided, it could be done for one-third the figure that was mentioned. The statement which bad been made by the Association was absolutely uni3l w tm ,tir. fiable. There as another fallacy lying behind - circular. It was assumed that the closing or nee" closing of the schools was in the hands of the clerg, and that with the abolition of school Meg it would be no longer possible for the existing managers of the Church of England schools to continue those schools, and that the local authority would have to provide new ones. That was also a fallacy. terms of the trust were such that it did not rest wile' the-clergy of the Church of England schools whether the schools should be closed. The educational trusts, as well as other trusts, could not be interfered with with impunity by the clergy or 111 anyone else, and if it became impractical for t existing managers to carry on the schools 00, would have to be carried on by some one eleP• If the representatives of the existing schools and the trustees behaved in a reasonable manner it need 1122: cost the ratepayers a single penny to carry on resolution he bad submitted that evening. Arrangel ments might be made easily and equitably for aliens payments which would not involve any capital out's,' at all. The circular he had read was an unsvnltblo attempt to prejudice the satisfactory settlement ot t important issue. Since the opening of the Bealuel. school the charge of fees had been absolutely Tbe State had recognised, and the legislature recognised that in this country as in most progressiv.° civilised countries elementary education should et 7 a communal charge and a communal duty. Tb,ert seemed to be an idea in the minds of many people tilt, the school fees represented an important contribution the expenses of education. That also was quite a falle The amount received as school fees was only per annum and the amount spent on education Syr' £50,000, so that the fees were only a microsCOP...l° fraction. In connection with the best, schools thse'i were no fees charged, and yet in some of the Inues_ unsatisfactory schools the fees were charge:: Concluding, Mr. Jolley urged that there was no need tud worry on financial grounds if the resolution he submitted was carried. The existing system NVOS transitional. It was also absolutely illogical, hod tlLe Education Committee ought not to hesitate tore this state of things. Some doubted whether pliblit opinion was ripe for this change, and also whether _ was expedient to make it. It VMS always expedient tu do right. (Hear hear). .

Mr. BRADSHAW seconded. The Rev. Canon STEVENSON said it was impossible t.. 0 do jtt-tice to the matter that evening'. The Educatiol, Committee bad been sitting for nearly two hours, arl he ther3fore moved that further consideration Li"

deferred to the next monthly meeting. This suggestion was agreed to, and the CHAIRI‘IA:s stated that the resolution would be the fir 8t boine taken at the next meeting.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON EDUCATION COMMITTEE.

RELIGIOUS TEACHING IN SECONDARY SCHOOLS.

Important Discussion.

There was a full agenda for the monthly meeting. of the Warrington Education Committee which was held at the Town Hall on Monday eveoing. Councillor J. Fulton Smith presided and there were also present : Mr. H. Roberts (deputy•chairman) ; Aldermen Bolton, James Evans, ForEhaw, Smethurst and Tinnion ; Coun- cillors Barton, Birtles, Dickenson, Locker, Lord, Sankey; Toole, G. N.Vernon and Wilkinson ; Revs. James Davies, andJ. Yonge ; Messrs. T. P. Bradshaw,R. T. Fairclough, L. Greening, A. J. Jolley, H. Kingdon, C. E. Parker E. Plinston, C. H. Uusworth, J. Upson, and G. Walker; Mrs. C. Jackson Holmes ; Mr. J. Moore Murray (director), and Mr. R. B. Roberts (asststant director).

===== 0002601_19091023_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SCHOOL OF ART.

CANON STEVENSON, in moving the adoption of the minutes of the School Management Committee, said a request was to be made to the Sites and Buildings Committee to provide extensions and additions to the School of Art. He thought the school was in every way juetifying the policy of the committee in extending and giving better accommodation. •(Hear, hear). The pupils were increasing in numbere, the work was appreciating and the results were improving. He earnestly hoped the sites and buildings sub-committee would see their way to carry out the extension which was very much needed. FAIRFIELD SCHOOL. THE RELIGIOUS QUESTION.

The School Management Sub-committee reported that they had had an interview with the managers of the Fairfield School with reference to the amalgama- tion of the two girls' departments. The maragers stated that they were willing to agree to the departments being amalgamated, provided the sub-committee would support them in certain proposals which they laid before the sub-committee. After considerable discus- sion, it was resolved that the managers be requested to submit in writing the exact nature of their proposals, so that the committee might fully consider the same. At a su'sequent meeting the following communica- tion was rend from the Managers: "The Managers of the - Fairfield school vill accept the amalg•tmation of their two Girls' Departments on certain terms. Their proposal is that the Local Education Authority shall, if mid when the needs of the district shall reqeire it, support an application to the Board of Education and grant all facilities for the building, by the Managers, of either a Secondary or a Higher Elementary Crouch of England school for girls, either at the Fairfield school or upon Churchproperty in Beresford-s} root, or in the alternative, that the Local Education Authority shall, in the same event, erect and open a Secondary or a Higher Elementary school for girls on other land near the Cemetery, and shall grant to all religious denominatiors it right of VCCOSP to the school to give and to superintend the giving by the permanent stair denominational religious instruction in school hours to those children whose parents require it." The Sub-committee resolved (a) That the proposals of the Managers be agreed to so far as it lies within the power of this committee to cl.> so; (b) that the two girls' departments of the Fairfield school be amalga- mated; aed (c) that the managers he requested to con- sider the necessary arrangements for carrying out the amalgamation, and to submit their suggestions to the committee as soon as possible."

Canon STEVENSON, in explaining the minute., said correspondence had been goin; on for some years over this matter. The managers were now prepared to accept the amalgamation of the two departments on conditions set forth in the carefully worded resolution. He supposed the managers felt thatin past years they had done their best to provide a higher education fc.r the children at that end of the town who required it. The two schools were to be amalgamated, and conse- quently, there would be simply one ordinary elementary school. The managers felt that if in the future there was a sufficient number of children in the neighbour- hood requiring a higher education, they would like to see it provided. That was a ery reasonable com- promise Ind the committee were not committed to any- thing because if there was a read for higher education at that end of the town it was the duty of the corn- pittee to supply it whether they liked it or not. Councillor BA TON seconded.

Mr. JOLLEY moved an amendment that the resolution be not approved, He said the managers of Fairfield School appeared to him to have shown that their previous attitude was not justified. The amalgama- tion had been delayed quite unnecessarily, and the public bad been repeatedly assured that the delay was on educational g•ounds. It was perfectly clear now that that was an unjustifiable contention. An attempt was being made to induce the Education Authority to enter into a bargain which ho ventured to say, they ought not to enter into. Canon Stevenson had properly pointed out that if a higher or secondary school were needed at that end of the town it would be the duty of the Education Authority to provide it. He (Mr. Jolley) suggested that the Education Authority had never shirked its responsibility in that direction, and if such accommodation were necessary, they would no doubt provide it. It ought not to be a matter of bargaining. He considered this an nnworthy bargain and one that could not ho carried out, and would bean undignified procedure and unworthy of an authority of that hind to enter into it. If there was to be a real bargain, let them know the conditions and not join in a policy which appeared like an attempt to throw dust into somebody's eyes. It looked as if the managers had been trying to throw dust into the eyes partly of that authority and partly of persons outside' and that the School Management Committee suggested in return for that compliment that they (the Committee) should now throw dust into the eyes of the managers. (Laughter.) Mr. PARKER seconded. He said he did not object strongly to the first part of the proposal of the managers. While he thought it would be much hotter if the whole of the education was directly under that authority, he respected the feelings and desires of those who wished to have a special school to give their denominational teaching, but if they were going to commit themselves to a proposal of that sort, it should be accompanied by the idea that there should be within reasonable distance another ' school to which those parents who did not desire special denominational teaching given could send their children. (Hear, hear). It would be far better, instead of the committee tying their hands as proposed, if the matter was left as it was by law, and those interested in denominational teach- ing made their arrangement with the central authority. He objected strongly to free access to the school, and if they agreed to this resolution approving the proposal be did not see how they could object to freedom of access to all schools. It would be better if the ques- tion of freedom of access were debated on a straight issue and not come in on a side issue. With regard to the last clause—the granting to all religious denomina- tions of right of access to the school to give and to superintend the giving by the permanent staff i denominational religious instruction n school hours to those children whose, parents required it—that went very much further than freadom of access. The com- mittee were asked to endorse a proposal that the per- manent staff should be placed under the authority of the denominationalists who would control the religious teaching. The committee had happily steered clear of religious difficulties because they had mot as citizens whether they were parsons or not. Supposing the Rev. James Davies, the Rev. John Yonge and the Rev. Father Wilson entered the school and had charge of the permanent staff. as to what denominational teaching they should give. The whole thing was ridicul- ous and would undoubtedly lead to confusion. He did not think that in a citizens' school it was well to allow the separation of the children into little flocks for religious teaching. There was also the further question of whether the committee had power to ask the teachers to give any religious instruction other than what was generally known as Cowper-Temple teaching.

Mr. BRADSHAW supported the amendment, because he did not think privileges should be extended to the managers of Penfield School which were denied to managers of other schools. If the school minagement committee had made out a case for amalgamation they should insist upon its being carried into effect.. The Rev. JOHN YONGE said he entirely agreed with Mr. Parker, and he trusted the committee would carry the amendment.

Alderman Bor.ToN said this resolution appeared to be committing the Corporation to an expenditure at some future time without the consent of the Council. lie thought they were going a bit too far. If a qew school was wanted at once let them build it ; if not, let the future look after itself.

'Canon STEVENSON said the recommendation com- mended itself almost if not quite unanimously to the members present at the last meeting of the Sghool Management Committee who represented various shades of opinion. They felt the controversy had been going on so long that it was not in the interests of Education that it should 1 e continued. It was a very difficult question, but it seemed to him at all events the second proposal of the managers was one there ought to he no difficulty in accepting. He gathered that the managers would be content if the committee accepted the proposal or the alternative. It was open to accept either. What was the a lternative? When there was a need for a higher or secondary school at that end of thetown ithe committee would be asked to build one near the Cemetery. There might he a religious diffi- culty. The proposition was that right of access should be given to various denominations to give religious teaching in the school. Then camo the sentence Mr. Parker referred to which he was bound to say, on second reading, was a little awkwardly worded. Ile did not think Mr. Parker's :nterpretation of it was the interpretation intended, and was not the interpretation in the minds of the School Management Sub-committee. They understood it meant that a person of a denomi- nation might go into the school either for giving religious instruction to the children of his own denouti-

===== 0002601_19091023_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
ffAAN'S RECORD FLIGHT AT 113LACK,FOOL.

Photo Farman .making his long flight o

• . :• . ..• ••• : • ' •.• .: . , : • • " • .: .•-: • •'•::':./: '..: I:: : ..:••:.,:•.' ..• - •••:. . - :• . : : .:: . •.• • - - .. . .. .. ... , :.,:: .. ... ..„ ~.:„:,,,.:...:.: ,....... - . . . • - - .. „.. .:.-- ... .. . . . :: .... .. .. . : - . • . .. - . . . . . . . • :. . '. .. • .:. . -. . :. „ • „.... -: . . ~, • . :.. • .:::::.: .... . : .. : . - ... .. ..„ . . . . . . . . .. . - - .... .. . , : . ".. . .. , .. . .. . . . .' , . •.: ' - ..., .:. , . . .„ . . :...... . ... .- . . . . • .. . . • . • .. • .... . .. . . . .. .. ... .... .. . . .... . .. . . . , . .. . . . - . .. . .. . . . . . ..„., . . ..... .. . , . ... :• - ' ,:i.,;•:•:::::••••,:.;,•••:....:••:;,Y:.,•,•': -..:•:::.::-•;;•:,:•;,•;•,-,:,.•:•i•••::':: 1::.:::''• ,:::•-•:-:i•i: •••••::•:::.,..-::ii•:':.;••:,•,•-:.:•;::..-:':•'•-....., • ' . ''•• ...,, . .. . . .:•„..:..,.•,.-...:...:.•.....:... ..:..:. •• • :.•••• ..,...•:.: •-.: . • .... .. .. . . . , • Lf . •••,.. . : .... • :.: ...:. li • ..., -"sz.uvalt,, , 4, ii -,.„, • , „ .. .---.-. •v - •, tau . fAv - . . . - . • -.- , . -Aim :v4 • - , - , ------0-.4am..........,..4,,,,,,,x,i4t. - • :.. - . . ..,,,w4Z..'...`tskg„ .• . • ...••...: .: • :•:,•• ,- . , ~ • ... , J.... , ~--„ - •••!••••• . •....--......4E114p.tiezi5z ~- .. •:.•:••••••..,•:..., :::.:•:,•.-.•••,•:•:. • • • ' , • ~ :, :, ,' ..., ~ . . • .-.) •,. : . ..: • . .• ••:••••••: •• .. •••• ... .. • - .:• ~. - . • , • . • - . -• AN. ..' .:" ,01,,s : ..• '. • : • . , ~ . , ~ , :'.),-. ' „,,... ~,,,,, ;,04t, "'. :11:M". ': ~ ~ • ' ' , .. . fr.: :,•_ , .....,. ~,,,,,,,,,,4;‘'''. ',:l' ..:.t;ti-..., .'--' rtS--.:. ...1'.41k".. ',/ ' 1.,',",:r.•:: '.''...,:,-.. ..::.i:. . ..,,t . s . . ~' I.• •• ~,,,,..?:.:i:*.gq .., , . ' . -• . , ... • ... .„, , ..,......:.:0).-4.:4 .:„..,.,..,...:., •.. ..:::„.--. .. _,„„:„.",„:,:::„:„.::„.:,.:,,:,,..:-:-.4.7„:„„*„..-,..,,,,,,,,:,....:".::,...:„...--.....•_.,...,.••••.:::...7.... A,.‘„,......44.„,:cm<:„,:),..,....;,,,:_,744,:._:,„:„.1,;i:i.,.,...,:....„,,„. ::::.„..,•,,,..„.,„ ;41i, ~.„-„:„.0 . . ~...„,..::::::,.........„..:,,,,,... :„.•.............,. ...:. ..:.::,:,_,...., 4....,..g.„,,,„,.....,;.,,,..„,:,:::...• ...,.....,..„.„.....,,,.*,•,..,,.,..,„„..,..,.,..,..,..„..:.,„•.......:4...„...:..:.:..„.........,.....:::„......„.....„:„.....,..........,..4,..........,•___ ._ ~,..,.....,.,:....„.....: ~....,......,,,,,,,,:...„..„..,..„:„.,..„,„.5...4„,, ~,,..„. .„. ~......§.. . ,,, ~...::.„ ... ~..„..,‘,..,...;..,„„..„4„.,...,.0,,....,,_,,,..„...:......,..,:....:.:.„;:,.,.,.,,,,..,•„.„,:,....„„,..„.,,.„,:,,m,,•.„...,,...,:,.„.„,:,..:,:..,,:;.%.,..:::::v...,::,:_....::::,,„:„.....::„,,..„...,„:„,„,..7„:6„1,....:::,,,... __•.4,5...:•::::•::...'5. 7:-;::*.i.:-.• '47...t.:'•:C.4Q:i,'5i:.!.,,,,,,,,,,,,,.**.151Wt..c*.i...,>,,?:./".srQk• .. .. .: .::'::%44,4............_ .1:',;:::•:::::.*i::4,4:te: :i .:;:,,,-,-*;:g,::iii:,:•:.:4::•i.... -..: . *1:11-."...*::.,......,:v...:s.it:i::i.:W'4AE::i,7:1:'.*:':-'*:41-9104,4-'•41 "...IWeiVOrNA„....,>' ~,' • ''. , ":' "' •.' '.,....'.;..,,.:: "::%...,;.i.:4,...,i,:i'.'...",4:41,`.;;:~:4%..,P.t..2.:11*.:•:":•;°:WW4"ci:AV.a.1ik0V0M:1''..*::::.0.1:"..A.g.:W“`-'"'::!*'1;'•.:1*'...4.t.:4.- '. :. .- '• ,r;:•:ii... ."-•• ''''' ..•..›.-:......;;.:%..k.7:.:ii:i.:::::P1,4'§:n.:.'n'..i7f:M:::....**:::.::::.::::::V.f*;:-i,.." :.:.::::;..•!.:':,;111'..-::.:l.i.re,:':3l..?:'•::!:::):4;i:elia.:;;;;:iii:llll.:iiiii.;i:isigiiiiiiilligi:!:olll:l;::?.o.SHAtil":.z.:4;l4lVoth,6:l*.U.#(.st:,..: '.;1.:*.r......f. :...4'...:.:::.:.:.::',.:. ......":*.,.: 4:''':.,:;f:fr''''::':::i.":4.".":l*,ft:t.i:g.4llll3l":..i,:::',;.:.:W.•' `...i;;t!-::1:::. ,I *".`....i...........::....:...Y:::......,,,.. '.:'...tg."..:;.:.;;-:!...:":::::-::.;,:::3.51:!...?7.'''::.$111::::....3,':::?...11-.5:k:: ? : .....k:::-:' '...e.:::,..:',:f*ife:;'4:Kii*A.;:ii:i.:::;KiWaiii':':i.:....::::,l'.,..).o7.Ni.o7..,ie::::nV,V.:;,:e'aig+.i.,"M.X.r4t.r....:,;':';..''M.:' .;''..:. "•.ff. ::::..:.:.... :-..:' .:' . .....: ...7.!.7::,.. :.0..,,...j,,,,.. ...--:%•":".,,,..n. ~,... ..:-::.41F>"),,, ii:4‘ ........itAZ. ig.4' ..$: '; . ~ i:: .. ~.....,.: 4::::i::,:.ti,...0.;;,..-.4::.:4:-..7. :::>.:.: ::?:.,.. 1i..:4 ..,::;'...,5,-.....:....f:t40:....c:Ze.4:.;,.:::?4,,g,i.:*?.0.,,i:?'::::::-:).4:,...:;?..,%,,t::::?:.:.::.?..::...:...::::::•.':.:. ...:•:;;.7 •• . :: ~ *' : .>........:::.P......,M':,-;;L::.:;:i.,..4"..? . '. .. ...: ?:....;?:::i::::.:W.,:',:•:.:.r..e. 4,0,.v.x4.,..--*K.,..t.;.:::-::.:.,,,:::,,,,,,.:: ....... .....:, P.K,-...... ,• :i ~i:* %.'" • ;:.s. ~..”.... '-'4l;':*:;i:.*::,.,t .c..":,::,.A.......,'''X'kV':.&.:...Vq.....,,..5iii‹....0"..,"?';'*- ' re.,f ...--... „„,.r.,. _,,,,_,..,..: .• ->VZ:"4-.,,,..,..i55y5W.,0•WA-W*. 40....,..:.....::,..,,P,„„: .;.:emR,,........,..:.' .„.:.:4:.:•:: :.*..4,'s,:i.?stit 2, ' 7...:.,?. ....,:i.,. '.. ' . .4.: ,-,0-..t.:*,,,vew . .:„ :....::, • ..-..r: • ....„?...:,_,--k,;., ...„4,-,,....,,... .::,..:..,,,.: --......- ~..,.........,..::, „::-/..•...,.::.„:,:.w,.:,.:-:,-, „I -,,,,- .., --,..:::. - - -‘s..---:-<- ...:.--,-.• -: ;;;•.,..iii.:::::,-.4*,e:- .>,,,,:iiii.t....,:0,.,k_..--e: ~........:;....:-,,.-.:::*i,ji.:* • .:,....-ir,.....;;,#0:4::.-..4.....-44,,......:,:::....,,1ii,.0.,*,:i.4:0;:z..::,,,-....; ..• ' ' ..-..m....,,,:gnp..--0,..,....4.-.... Vs::;'' t;!/.. "...';.-...,.,*.:, .' . ':".:.: ':. -: 4:` • ''.%. r ;-::^':;:$::',, ~"4,,,,P-.4.:: ii,P.‘.:°''''.. . U.A.'lle*''' ' ' .'%. ~,•41#105:,.'F:g0:•:.4.f.''''tt::;75'':".:::'''''''''gi;i:i;{. -.: --''...:;.::::.7i.: .014061},:-L".Z.›.'•-:. gig..'' ~' ..45':" •'-'.::'.7:;.F.;.:'Z!:',*:g4:3. ---• *.....'" .41-;,'::!N . .. ..,,... .7:44..5.: . ~'..4.!:::.; :;-':-. :..';; '...:•.•;-4,>. '7.7.4-:;'-. --. /1 •;.K.'6::-9 .:-.'% :C..::::.;n:L.,..,:.:::Z:A:404**4:47,5101.0:4:M.*:;1...*-:::.:4-:-..^:44:4.:,i044#4.11t9,11.6W:11,Alf0-':;Witti;,...-.;:•.,,,,*;::•::::::*::434,:sikatTt',..,i..f.:'•s•.;;...:"...;:.:-..::,-......4.,..:....f,.,:,•• ' ::.:-:•.::1':'....::::.:i.*.'4.k1:V.4.‘' :k.°:f",*:'‘) 4.1% ..!....,1,T...::.:.,:.:7., ..........i.3!:-:''''..'..:'.g.:...:Fti.7.:7;...:..?;...t:r"........;*#:5440.4.itA7140.43.g4ti1ite.,Lajct.,•:..„: ~....%:•:;'.:•;:14.*:::81.;..::. 4,. .77 .*.:.,.-4.:..,'. _.,,,:4.::-'',o-0:4,:c:,'.,.....e,!:-4.f::.0.::,--•;....:.'n...,:. ..:ig.:.:.:•0%.... :g0CC...::.'.....,..,,::a?...P. .i.5.'.:..;.::: :_.;z*A. „,„.%:-.A:ii4ao::•,:e..*:. .::,..tikiattaMV,44l.;,. ~.4%.:1i.,-;itrti.j.,AWiliMj.,`'./P4...:::.;,..,,i...e''.. ' ':-......,;.:-..: i.v.:::::;•:....4%.:,;.At::Z40,,,...:: :• :::: ..:::::'; .'...:.:-..,Z...ii.c...,.....';': 'AMP:;.:;*........:;....-.!'::..:;,..:•:.„::**44•*.•,t4:41-f/ii,, ft:::;.::•.:5.•:.:::,..:i:::.1:,.....A.,,t,:i.:1.g.,:-..,,,.,......:;,,,:,,.--:..,-... - .'"-...".....,-..-.44.....:....,.:....,,,••;,-.ft......,,,....,---,-,4,........:.......:„ •-••.--: .....,.„..-*,...-4,•:.-.•:..,‘,.,...4,...,:',,---:%41,.:•?;,,..„-„':.:.,:.„-y..........,,,,•••:,.....*:?1,-,:,.....-•.-;:,.....:....."›.:.•...,...„,,„ . .x. .. ~....,.....,..,....::::,..,-.z.,-......0.40.%.,,,, ',,,,......,.,..'"- .'..."'.',..' v.": ' • ''''m "'V • VV::::-r*:...:40....::::'...::.:e:-:.'.....:K4::-.-::;::.::;.,::::-.'",:::::;-: .;-•:','•7:' ".:':' . - .*574,2'.1Ar ....:4,-..a. • ','“ '-. -.•:'.:4i, - •,',.:4;: 7".,,,,--•..."-:::,•;;;.':,...i.W!,0, ". - :,...y ..::: ~.-. . ..,?..ai.,-..' :...:'41:?:...„:.•:,' ' - • ..,:, :-'''Y'''''.::*:" •••*,-4::,q4K~e. .-- i.'-:?•:".4'.- .....:',:';'..:::o;' .•;•':',:iiir,r,- ' , .....,A,x(4%., >4.b.• .... , -,,,,,,,,,,,,•,,?:,..X0A40.,..ki''"::. .....k........ ..w. . '..,,...b04:. ~.,:••/4.:,'"..'141.•: .• ~<.?,;:.'*.4:::54..&..e•-• ...g:.-:::$,M1-',,:*+:!, '''''', •' :. ''.z • ":"'V.4. -.PM- "ftkl:::'•..., -...6*:, :::-WA:"•:'''''''''. .t."..;;;••:-.''''' :. '...,..::::::.„3,::..,:.1, ;:' '.:::: •''',...".f.:;•;...,.....?;.*..........'::::,.....aiii;;i:.:?....,...6.....r,4-.A.z...,4„,.:::..:•.§,..-::•s-.:•....,:.:..:.:::-:.---.. r.•..z...,. ..- •: - ~. .....?.:>• . • : ....• .......,::::•.....e.:;.v...,..r.z-.•-,...,...„--?;.4,.• ...............e.:.: • . ....5.44,k•44::- -i1*t...*.:.:,,f„„t,,,,,,..,:.:•,,,,,:::= ...,.....; ...1%.,::...c.:i*:.:.0,:::::::::,.."...:-•”,::::•,k.:45.,...2.,,,....,,,,- :,-,:mke.,,•:::: ~,,,..- • v•lx: ...4..v1.,;ftt-,,,...prAp-z..,-x•:..i, ...;•,. .t%:.:.;.,,,p,0.v.r,•••,-wes,'::•-••:•-ta.tv•••4,..-;•:zbk,l'fax*::::::•:••• .0::,:•••&:.1.,.............;:•::::.„,...4'ng..i:::*,.,•......•.,•.:•1tc.51,:15?".:‘t•;,,,, ....:T. ..:::' -.1.-:- •Ax;iV.O.ftIOILI••• ....4.••:'-..A...:::.:::rf-:.-......•::::......-K.::: ....V'.....:::•:..;41'.. •• •::: ...:•••••••:',‘,41... •1i;:;...:*-SPA,:•`.• ::'•••••$:: -..'4.1i.;;.-.4,, ".:•: • ...., •,?.. :- •:. •,.:::Up.v.,*•••„:.; f ..: ...4,?4,,,mn,:4,ft*;.*Mi::::mx:i.;44:e.NN.Rx,r::, I :,:.i?••t>..4.,•....,::.:'6.:'-:.::::•ii.•.:91......::::4:.• kt...7_,..,••••••••:::,;.:-",'.'.-:;..4007::Att1:'!•10i'rtr.V00.V.44;47.'''...:..r.0V.; ......:•• • ' ..;,:'. , •44,...::.:;:i•-:•:.....s.r.::'5.•:::::•......::....:::•,:::::::-..,,..,. ••••••• -...• ... •••••L,..:•4.1.f.,:k5t:64,?::*4.1:...:. „„,........ •,....:„„,-.:, •:),....: ...- •.,:..,,i!•..&.•,%..;••;.:-,,:i&....:•••••... :.......„:...,•ii.:<.:;:•7,27l:spereftifettr,...*4.sta) •.,?.',-:.?...i-,•: ~.f.,•cs.::•:,::;::, ‹,:-..::...;•,:'<.••..V:- ...'e..40...•;:•V'::: -::;•11.4e.. •:•:•:::-.-M-0:::-...,kci::: •;:::i.o*A.g"::••• . ' ..:.4.;•4f!:•,:-. :,-....:..4w4it,tp.m-t0k04.4-941**,,,:.;%z.....g.....m.-..-?•••,;;:::,,,,,,,',...,,,•••••••,:.:,-.-•.'------------ ....,. _ _. . :4'..-....,,..;;:i.,;,.,,,,-."-.-,--:::::7.2,te,,,,...::. ~,,,, k-',.:ii..,, ~.......,..,;,,,, .::: i:. .....k:'......,,,,,v.v :" '• V,...::5e.,iZ,ii,f!:::.-,.::-..:::' •:...›. ~,:*.,,,..*?.' :::,..;,iX?iti:i:;'.*:::.,....:.+7,:'>:,:kii"Ad:1,:t4:1%.".:*4"::.:,. •::',..*: • • ,>:;.;4,1' ...-4:4" ."' ' - ,•:* '. .',..,-:',?-•,. .:: ,•,','. ~.....,,,. .:.......,,::.;;;V:r ....:';',.:: . ::;; , .-..-:::.;:••,•.---i•,:i.,,,..•..4:::::,:ni.g. .:::,,,,,i,...* .•,::.::::,,K,.:::--.-:.--.:::;...........,5,...4iiiirz.-.,5w....:::;..;.-•::•••,:,.?;:-:::, -,-,,,5::-.--.-• •••••-••••••••• • --- - -• • • :;;.-'-.V......,;;.:'-.4.•!•;-*•:;-,!.......7--ii*.&E,O.:,i,.:.•-t...-...,-;.:;.•,..:•••••• .:- <"*•••• •-• •-•-• . • -

===== 0002601_19091023_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
FLYING.

Some Impressions by a Casual Visitor.

-- AU roads seem to have led to Blackpool this week, 1,44 the famcus health and pleasure resort has been Or Once the Mecca of the serious-minded. The people ZlllO have flocked there in their hundreds of thousands ‘'e differed from the usual tripper bent'on a day's i'jc)3•naent. In the main these sober folk have made 113ackpool their objective in order to learn something 'll out the newly-discovered art—or is it science ?—of 'Zing- Men—a very few men and no women—have .i,gun to fly. Naturally, there is much curiosity. We mean to fly when we have learned how, when we ;au afford tile necessary machine, and when the 41-tisurance companies have found a rate which will „,ake the risk insurable. At present these are the difficulties which' have stayed the soaring lubitions of all but the Farmans,Paulhans,Lathams Bleriots of the world. There are other difficulties but we will not consider them at present. ufficient for the day," etc., and it suffices for :fle day to see the favoured few disporting themselves thtet the manner—a long way after—of the birds of air. Personally we felt much more akin to the rSts of the field when we visited Blackpool's ,netudrome on Wednesday. We had to hoof about ioest unromantically in inches of mud and it was ttunate that there was sufficient going on over-bead (1 all around to make wet feet a totally inconsider- Abi consideration. .the first thing that struck one on reaching Black- Was the busyness of the place. The "season" at height could not attract larger crowds, but there an essential and striking difference in the semble. Blackpool in the busy summer months is ?;(.7 With the gayest throng. To-day: it is thronged ~,alth a multitude of men and women in sober autumn !h• They give the promenade and public places f; uncommonly drab aspect. Children too, are scarce Blackpool. " Pap " and "Mamma" are enthralled aviation, a subject which has hardly, as yet,, aded the schoolroom and found its place in the Jtl7tithful mind. " Punch and Judy" are hibernating, Rands are cold and grey, and the children have, " unnaturally, been left at home. I,,,'l;llese impressions were mentally absorbed in the 10- few mindtes of one's advent to the town. Then e business, or pleasure of the day was re-called. A

===== 0002601_19091023_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
47 miles on Wednesday. In the distance on the left of the photograph are the hangars an - The figure leaning on a walking stick and wearing a black " bowler" is the

glance upward, and the white flag of a blameless flying day was discerned fluttering from the mast- head of the Tower in a breeze which spoke eloquently of possibilities. A crowded tramcar conveys us—at summer prices—to the South Shore, where a change of vehicles is necessitated to reach the Aviation Ground. The momentary pause gives time for another glance aloft and there amid general eplama- lions of delight is discerned the red flag denoting "flying begun." In another moment we have joined the dense stream of vehicles and foot-passengers who make black the long straight course of the road to Squire's G ate, now an historical spot. Soon we are in sight ' of the aerodrome, a vast enclosure surrounded by miles of canvas raised to a height of at least eight feet in order that "Peeping Tom" may not get a surreptitious view of I the flying. Of course, when the daring al iator 1 'sses the clouds he can be seen both inside and outside the enclosure, but on the present occasion no flying man was visible, crane our necks as eagerly as we may. Once within the gr3und however, and flying became a real understandable thing to all. There was the intrepid Farman circling the arena at a height of twenty feet and a steady speed of thirty miles an hour on one of those huge 'bi-planes which have been likened unflatteringly to a hen-cote in a storm. He comes sailing calmly through the clear air with an absence of fuss which strikes one as the most remark- able thing of all. There is the loud crackle of a motor revolving at immense speed, and at a distance reminding one unmistakably of the far-away threshing machine in the soft stillness of a summer's day. The aeroplane can be followed the eye for the whole of its almost three miles circular course, and as it swings past every 3 mins. 50 secs. we are guiltily conscious of the feeling that we are not as impressed as the circumstances demand. The crowd, drawn out thinly' along the rails of the huge ring.breaksdinto desultory cheering and handclapping, but there !V an absence of that excitement and enthusiasm that one would expect to follow on such a unique spectacle. How easily we get accustomed to the most remarkable things, and what an undemonstra- tive race we are! We have never seen a malt fly before, but we are not going to indulge in bysteria to convince the flying man that he is a genius of the first water. Oh no! Flying looks easy, and we shall doubtless achieve flight ourselves some day. Let us be decorous, dignified, and not too easily surrrised. So we arc decorous, with true British stolidity. Meanwhile Farman completes circuit after

circuit with almost too mu* ease. We should all like him better if he soared more after the style of. the birds whose realm he has invaded with so much success. The great fault of the biplane, from a spectacular point of view, is its inability to look graceful or perform feats which appeal to the imagination., Its motion fails entirely to suggest flight. The opposite is the case with the monoplanes of the Latham and Bleriot type, which are shaped like creatur.es of the air and perform evolutions which conform more with the popular notion of flying. But of these, more anon. Just when the crowd was beginning to think that Farman had worn a groove for himself and was going on all afternoon he suddenly ceased to fly. The machine glided gently to earth, the now visible and slowing screw propeller scattered a puddle in the grass and the record British flight was over. Farman had been in the air 1 hour, 32 mins., 1.6 4-5 secs., and had covered in official measurements, 47 miles, 1181, yards. Leaping stiffly to . the earth, the Frenchman was the recipient of a salvo of cheering which he well deserved. We learned later that the. cold wind, now freshening considerably, had cramped the muscles of the aviator, and he was obliged to descend or lose control of the machine. Hardly had Farman retired than Rougier was up. His bi-plane, of a very similar type to the other, rose beautifully from the ground after amu over the spongy turf of about 60 yards. There was a roar of applause and delight for Rougier has the reputation of being a high- flier. He at once rose majestically, and in a minute the October sun was glistening on- the white canvas of his planes a good hundred feet from the ground. Thrice Rougier went round the course in an attempt on the slowest circuit prize, which .is one not easily won. If a fairly rapid pace is not maintained the machine would come down, and the slowest Rougier was able to command worked out at 27 miles per hoar. He was successful in" putting up" the best figure for slow circuit, viz., 4mins. 22 2-ssecs., during the second of his three laps, and there was general regret when he gracefully glided to earth. All the time the wind was getting stronger, and when Paulhan essayed a flight he was sood compelled to return. This was alittle after 3 p.m. and.it really appeared as •if flying was over for the day. There had been keen speculation as to ss hether Latham would have another try. Though he has done nothing at Blackpool beyond charging a golf bunker, he seemed to be the man of the hour. People were agog to see the man who nearly"flew"the Channel,

===== 0002601_19091023_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
Manchester Guard;an. I on the .right are the stands, Blackpool Tower being just visible near the centre. Grand Duke Michael of Russia.

and twice " landed " in the waters. We took the opportunity of a lull in the proceedings to stroll towards the hangars—what a new vocabulary aviation is providing us with !—where the machines are housed. There were a dozen or more of these capacious sheds s tanning side Ly side, each with the aviator's name painted large over the lintel, and each with a huge sailcloth curtain for a door. Here one could study the different types of machines to advantage. There was Coun- cillor Parkinson's Bleriot, sulking like Achilles in his tent. Never yet has it left the ground, but the owner and his fellow-townsmen are hopeful, aye hopeful! Further on we found the indomitable Britisher, A. V. Roe, working desperately hard at his fragile-looking triplane. Each day he brings it out, "gets up steam," and scutters along the ground at a proniising pace. But ' ne'er a rise into the ethereal blue! There is another British-built machine sleep- ing 'neath the combined and fearsome name of Greese- Dederich. It, too, has yet to make its debut in the upper, air. There is Singer, too, of our own nationality, possessing the machine but not the flying capacity. Ttuly, we English are only infants in aviation, and have much to learn from the inventive, mercurial Frenchman. No doubt we shall assimilate all he can teach us, and then show him the way to build and sell flying-machines. We started last with motor- cars and are now finishing an easy first. A little further on and Latham was discovered superintending a cmall, voluble army of French mechanics who were putting the finishing touches to his damaged propeller blade. Latham is a slight, dark, young man with an air of modesty and nonchalance. He smokes eternal cigarettes and does not get excited 'about nothing. While we were in front of Latham's hangar rale of the stewards appeared as escort to a small party, the chief figurf s in which we immediately recognised as the Grand Duke Michael of Russia and his wife, Countess Torby. Latham was presented and conducted the distinguished guests round his famous Antoinette, a lively conversation in English proceeding the while. Nearly an hour elapsed in which there -,was no more flying. limy people went away, but the patient 'ones got due reward. Notwithstanding a breeze officially posted up as being 28 point something miles per hour, the crowd hoped aga inst hope, and there was a great cheer when Latham's machine was seen emerging from the hangar in tow of a lusty cart-horse. The humble "gee-gee" is not entirely superseded even yet! This one rose to the occasion, and with the air of a ecnqueror

ugged the quiegeent Antoinette the full length of the north side of the course._ Then the. machine was turned, head on to the wind. The engine started with a roar, the propeller blades flashed into and out of sight; Latham mounted, and after a run of only about 50 yards along the ground the machine soared gracefully into the air. and flew in the teeo-1 of the wind for half a mile, or more. It was only a qualifying flight to cross the line, but it sufficed to demonstrate the beauty and grace of the monoplane. More like a huge dragon fly than any- thibg else with wings, Latham's macbine appeared to establish a.kinship to the flying things of nature. I Soon it was back in the hangar, and the dismantling ' of the signal pole announced that the day's programme was concluded. Then followed a great exodus, and it was no easy thing to find a place on one of the innumerable vehicles, which crawled humbly—but safely—along a man-made - roal -to Blackpool, tea, and trains. As dusk devmded, the illuminations sprlng into. being, and - the town loolid its gayest. Talbot Squsre was a transformation scene in glowing electric bulbs, and anything finer than the sparkling front of the Town Hall we have never had the pleasure to see. Our day ended with a stliking demonstration of flying by the noted L. and N. W. The twenty miles betty( m Blackpool and Preston were actually covered in 105 minutes. Farman was not in it7—(the train).---Lucky Farman! . E.V.W.

RESULTS UP TO DATE.

The following are the official results up to date:— GRAND PRIX OF £2,000 FOR THE LONGEST DISTANCE.

1. Fari;ann, 47 miles 1,114 3ards. Time lbr. 32minp

_ 16 4-ssec=. 2. Roug;er, 17 13 !es 1,544 yards. Time 34mins

27- 4-6secq. 3. Pauthan, 15 miles 1,568 yards. Time, 32mins. 17 4-5 secs. "DAILY SKETCH" PRIZE OF £4OO FOR SPEED 1. Farman. Time, 9mlns. 49 3-ssecs. Average spee? 56•38 miles per hour. 2. Paulban. Time, 10mins. 54 2-ssecs. 3. Rougier. Time, 11mins. 3 3-s:lcs. PRIZE FOR THE SLOWEST CIRCUIT. 1. Rougier. Time 4mlns. 22 2Tssecs. Speed, 27*25

_ miles per hour. _ 2. Paulhan. Time, 4mlnB. 6 1-ssees. Speed, 28.9 miles per hour. 3. Farman. Time, 3mlne. 12 2-5 s s. Speed, 3016 miles per hour.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON INFIRMARY

More Revenue Wanted—Suggested Million Pennies Fund.

At a meeting of the Board of Management held on Friday, the 17th September, 1909, it was resolved to request Messrs. W. H. Bleckly, J. J. Bleckly, Thomas Burton, William Carson. Captain George R. Croatsld, Messrs. George Dakin John Fairclough. F. W. Monks, Roger C. Parr, J. A. liansome, Henry Roberts, W. Peter Rylands, J. H. Smethurst and Charles White to aceas a Finance Sub-Committee to consider and report upon the whole question of ways and means. . _ _ _

As a resuilt of their deliberations they submitted the following report, at a Special Meeting of the Board held on Friday, the 15th October 1909 : October Bth, 1909. REPORT OF THE FINANCE' SUB-COMMITTEE. Before proceeding te report upon the current. financial requirements, the Committee would like to refer briefly to the circumstances which have caused the increased aneual expenditure. In the ygar 1906, before the internal alterations in the old building were com- menced, there were 40 tads in the lefirrcary, the aver- age number occupied being 34, and the number of in- patients triated 607. The benefit of the Extension was first realized from the end of May 1908. Additional bed accommodation for patients was provided, making a total a 83 beds available for patients, and an increased and well trained Nursing Staff engaged. The following is a statement of the work of the Institution in the year 1908 :—Hcspital in-patients 753; home patients, 1,336; cut-patients, :3,702; accidents, 3,736; total, 9,27; operations, 366 ; the visits paid to home-patients numbered 3,983. This work was done at a cost of £4,C04 its. Id., and the income was £3,403 17s. Cd. The year 1908 began with a debit balance of £671 16s. Id., and it closed with an iccreased debit balance of £1,872 9s. Bd. •' this meant a deficiency on the Tear's working of 41,200 13s, 7d. _ . _ _

The reason for the increased debit was the additional number of inpatients treated, viz.: 753 in 1908 as against 517 in 1907, and an increase of 93 in the number of operations performed. The following is an estimate of the firtlncial position for the scar ending 31st DPcemLer 19G9 : Ordinary Expenditure Extraordinary Expenditure on new lift l5l 0 0

5,361 0 0 Ordinary Receipts

Deficiency on the year's working Debit Balance on the Ist Jan. Y. 109 was 1,672 9 8

Debit Balance at the end of the sear... £3.313 9 8

The additional incomo. necessary to maintain the Institution, with an average of 57 beds in use, is 41,300 per annum. The interiors of the buildings are greatly in need of painting, to defray the cost or which a sum of about £3OO will be repuired. Another ward has been opened, in consequence of the need for additional accommoda- tion for medical cases, which can be treated in hospital in so much better a manner than in the homes of so many of the patients? Up to the 30th September, low, i 717 in-patients have been treated, as against 564 n the corresponding period of last year with every prospect of its continuing to increase to the end of the current year. The Committee, realizing that many friends have very little knowledge of the working of the Institution, con- Bider that it would be advisable to invite them, and members of local organizations, to visit the Infirmary cud Dispensary. This course would be the means of disseminating information of the work carried on, and the expenditure incurred for provisions, '&c„ drugs, dressings, Ev.c. furhiture, clearing and washing, coal, gas, electric current, rates, rllaries and wages, insurance, repairs and Other miscellaneous items

lue Committee desire to suggnt that a publics- meeting ihould be held, of persons residing and interested in the town and district to consider how best to incresse the revenue. - - _

A million pennies fund would more than clear the deficit. In the raising of this fund, Ladies' Committees, a Hospital Saturday Committel, and other organizations might be formed to carry it through. The following is a statement of the contributions received from the main sources of income (apart from endowment) during the years 1907 to 190 :- 107. 1008. s. cl. s.

19 09. -5:, m.

Annual

Subscriptions 573 19 0 05 17 0 Received t 804 14 0 1 to date Not yet 1 81 0 collected

£BB5 15 G

Hospital Sunday Collections 262 6 8 268 4 4 Net amount) - received to." 270 4 . _ _ date

Workingmen's Infirmary Committee 1,000 6 1 1,008 9 8 1,064 12 11 The report was approved, and it was resolved that a copy be sent to each of the local papers. it was further resolved that the Finance Sub-Corn- mitt a be re-elected, with power to add to their num- ber, to carry out the suggestions contained in their report.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
HAVE YOU ZAM:BUK AT HOME?

Father, Mother & Children Benefit. ,

Sore Hands & Foot, Scalp Sores & ,Bruises.

CROSS COUNTRY RUNNING.

r\Varrington A.G. hid a nice muster including one t:litor and two beginners for an ordinary pack run over miles of fairly heavy c )untry. R. Whittaker e the pace over the first half of is journey with t4ll:_tain Jepson whipping in. Two miles from home the 1)a, caPtain took charge. J. Parsonage setting a strong e which H. Holbrook acted as whip, this was main- itite,ed for about a mile when owing to the strong pace 3' the leader the pack formed into two divisions finished at a good pace the fasts being healed by lioll'arsonsge, thirty yards away H. K. Jepson and H , brook finished a similar distance in front of A. 4%11, Iti?:Smith, F. Mountleld, H. Clayton and R. Whittaker .114?".ecl ih the order given at the held of the second illt,!slon whilst W. Drury, W. Siddall and A. Millington 'a promise of better form after further experience. 11; two pack run is the fixture for to-day starting from tatlLlge Inn at 3.30 prompt, all members and intending %il,bers are particularly requested to attend. Visitors "'ally invited and beginners welcome.

WARRINGTON UNITED HARRIERS. Th ))--e above club had their ordinary run from their quacters last Saturday, which consisted of two Vs instead of three. Trail was taken out by J. tejsby and T. Shipley, together with one or two new lia;riers. About ten minutes later the slow pack, con- of 12 runners, turned out to run over the full tit,i",rse about 61 miles. Seven minutes later 12 of the aq,7 Pi:ck followed to tig to uatch the slow pack, but 1141e,4 minutes proved t)o much for the slow pack, tir II jug before the fast arrived in sight. A few good 11,:tees were picked out by the committee, including 11.4',4vv„ ell, Newall and Sbulwell, the former finishing " la the fast pack.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
CHILDREN'S COUGHS.

'PS Comfort and Strengthen the Chest.

e very first essential of vigorous health, the real ?lb lldation stone of a strong manhood, is that one itl4o4ld be kept free from coughs, colds, and chest bles during childhood's tander years. 11 Peps model n science has placed uithin reach of it'Qe„lT mother the most effect ire cough medicine in the ieBt and most natural form In the Peps tablets tLea,eoncentrated the peculiar medicinal properties 1,115; Make the pine forests famous. When a Peps )11.0'et dissolves in the month these, medicinal Iteerties are released in the form of fumes wbich are ka4led with the lireath, and carried down the throat 4;4 into the furthest corners of the ltmgs and chest 15.45 e liquid medicines and the solution of cheap 14,,e,flges cannot go, because they are simply Vowed into the stomach like food. tiv.Y keeping Peps always handy in the home and 111,111 g them to children whenever bad weather satens coughs and colds, or hoarseness and huski- t-9% tell of mischief in the throat, the trouble will be 1114,111)ed at the outset. By going direct to the seat of eleatrouble, Peps quickly end a cough, lic3p the tbi-oat %th•t of phlegm, strengthen the delicate membrane lines -the air-tube from throat to lungs, and cl,hilate the germs of pneumonia and other chest ases lurking in the impure atmosphere. Itta:Ps contain no hai.nful drugs Rely to effect the ift L:dneys or other organs. Peps are not only 41 ‘tte,:ltre for coughs and colds, hut they bring new h4,:igtli to the weakened chest. Fling aside, all mixtures and greasy emulsions ; they can never the lungs, but will injure the del at 3 digestive itus• Don't rest satisfied with the poor consolation hare always had a bad cough about this time of the '4541 and will get over it when the warm weather ket es." That may Re true, but the child will never treacrver the mischief none to the lungs under such 44411ent. A few Peps 'aill stop the mischief now, 11Nya 1)0X of Peps always handy to ward off chills will eat the chronic cough.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL PARLIAMENT.

ELECTORAL REFORM BILL. Tories Propose 'Election Day Closing

of Public Houses.

There was a good attendance at the weekly meeting of the Warrington Parliamentary Debating Society which was held in the Assembly Room at the Conserva- tive Club on Tuesday evening. The Attorney General (Mr. F. G. Taylor) introduced a Bill for the amendment of the law relating to the Parliamentary franchise. The extension of the franchise embodied in the Bill applies to every male adult who shall (a) Be liable in the event of war to be called on for active service with the Army, Navy, or Territorial Forces. (b) Be a graduate of any British University. (c) Be separately assessed for the payment of Income Tax. Other proposals include the closing of public-houses on election days, the reform of the House of Lords,and various provisions to compel electors to use their votes or be struck off the register. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL 10 the Course Of a lucid explanation, said there was no desire to reduce the qualifications for the vote, but there were, on the other -hand, a number of iodividuals who ought to be placed upon the voting lists of the realm. First,those who were liable to be called upon to the service of this country should have some voice in the control of ,the destinies of the country, for which they might be called upon to lay down their lives. Then there were a number of persons who, by their earnestness in acquiring know- ledge which might be beneficial to the country, should also be entitled to the franchise. Their very zealous- ness might at the present time prevent them from having an opportunity for qualifying for the exercise of the vote. There were also a number who had to pay taxes direct, but yet had no property qualification. They ought to have the vote. There was the subject of women's suffrage. This the Government proposed to leave to the House to decide without any control from the Front Bench and they would be prepared to consider an amendment on the subject. An amendment might also be made to remove the disqualification at present attaching to the man who removed from one constituency to another. With regard to the clause closing during the hours of poll all houses for the sale of intoxicating liquor, the Conservative party hai been taunted that they dare not bring in such a clause. The Conservatives had, however, nothing to fear, and judging from Os personal experience, the opposite side had better look to themselves. (Hear, hear.) While such a claws was necessar, in the case of a number of voters who were liable to temptation, he admitted that it offered a rather studied insult to a large proportion of the intelligent voters. Alluding to the clause forbidding the soliciting of votes after the issue of the writ and the provision of conveyances to the poll, the Attorney-General said there were some individuals who would vote for the candidate who took them to the poll in the most comfortable manner aud Who might have other inducements to offer. The Government, therefore, proposed a clause prohibiting any conve3ance to the poll except in case of physical incepacity. Canvassing had become an intolerable nuisanca and led to an immense amount of lying. As to the provision that every Parliamentary voter who failed to vote should be struck off the Parliamentary register; if a voter did not think it worth while to go to the poll at one election be should be penalized at the next election by not having the vote. As a general election had a disturbing influence upon the trade of the country, it was desirable that all the contests should be got through as quickly as possible. Therefore, the Bill proposed that all Borough eleetions should be held on one day and the County elections on another day. This would also do away with the influence which the first day's elections had upon the subsequent elections as was markedly shown in the last two general elections. cWith regard to the re-adjustment of Parliamentary representation, which had become a glaring matter for investigation, this would affect the country of Ireland considerably. It was estimated that on January Ist, 1908, the male population of England and Wales was 91 milliens, Scotland 11 millions, and Ireland rather under 1 f millions. This would reduce the representa- tion of Ireland in the House of Commons to somewhere

===== 0002601_19091023_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
mate power should dwell in the civil hands. They regarded expert opinion as a good servant but a bad master and the votes of the army and navy might have to decide the issue of peace and war at a great crisis. To take away a man's vote because he did not use it was entirely opposed to the spirit of our laws. They should educate the people so that they would be less indifferent, hut he did not agree ,with penalising them in the manner suggested. He considered the hereditary principle in the House of Lords was very objectionable; but the proposals of the Government were such that the Prime Minister for the time he:ng might " pack" the House of Lords, with the knowledge that in a certain number of years the evil would cure itself. Mr. H. E. HAWTHORNE (E. Belfast, C.) 'defended plural voting on the ground that property should carry a Noting qualifization. Proceeding to speak of the advance of Socialistic ideas, Mr. Hawthorne exclaimed: "We don't want the red rag." Mr. ENGLAND caused some anansemeat by interjecting "1 rise to a point of order. Tbe hon. member talks about not having the red rag, but he is wearing one in his coat." Mr. F. G. TAYLOR: I protest r.gtirst the pro- ceedings being msde into a farce. Mr. HAWTHORNE, continuing,pointed out that during the first fifty years after th 3 passing of the Act of Union the population of Ireland increased by two millions. The Act protected the Irish from themselves. Before it was adopted they were always engaging in tribal wars. Mr. Daltnvsitinr. (Davenport, L.) said he was dis- appointed that his party had seen fit to move the rejection of the Bill as a whole, because there were several features with which he agreed. It was a splendid thing that such a WU should emanate from the C inservative benches, and he claimed that the Liberal party had been the educators. He congratu- lated the Government on having so far ridded them- selves of the trammels and cobwebs of Conservatism as to introduce such a measure. The proposal to give the vote to the army and navy was fraught with great danger. The environment and discipline in the army did not tend to the free exercise of opinion on matters of moment in an election. The closing of public houses on election day would probably mean the death knell of Conservatism in .many districas. It would be the first piece of legislation to break the coalition between Conservatism and the "trade," but it would spell disaster to the Conservative party. Ha considered it was only just that Ireland should be represented on the same basis as the English constituencies. The pro- posals to reform the House of Lords would mean an improvement on present conditions but he regarded that part of the Bill as asap to the electors. (Laughter). The adjournment of the debate was moved by-Mr. BLACK (North Donegal, N.)l

about 80. The matter undoubtedly concerned the Irish members and he would be interested in hearing that they had say upon the matter. He was not aware that there was any provision in the Act of Union of 1798 which showed that there was any intention of making a permanent apportionment of the Irish mem- bers in the House of Commons at ten sixty-sevenths of the whole. He ventured to say that the decrease of the population was very largely due to the agitation which was csaried on by the seople who were sitting in the House of Commons at the present time, who were returned by the Irish Land League. Coming to the question of the House of Lerds, he said he believed that a single Chamber would be one of the greatest evils that oould happ-n. He, however, was not a supporter of the present _composition of the House of Lords. He saw no reason why, because a great man in the year 1701 was of such value to this country as to be properly rewarded by it, fie in the case of the Duke of Marlborough, his descendants should for all time have the right to control the destinies of the country. There were other instances which were possibly more fragrant. Every man who had a vote in the House of Lords should hive shown his individual capacity to exercise that right. The Bill proposed that the right to sit in the House of Lords should he limited to such direct descendants only of the original recipient of the honour as should he born in his lifetime. He believed the proposal would lead to a greater degree of competltion for entry to the House than at present existed. In con- clusion, be hoped amendments would be introduced on the questions of second ballot, payment of election expenses, Ssc. Mr. S. S, LLOYD (Seeretary for Foreign Affairs foArmirallwy.seinifounittcds3 (Ntheßaaill,h Bristol L.) proposed that the Bill he read that day six months. lie considered it was too n :rrow, and that as such it was characteristic of the Conservative Party, who were always afraid of going the" whole hog." They alwsys held something in reserve so as to give really nothing away, and their legislation eatisfied nobody but themselves. He regretted there was no provision for the granting of votes to women who paid rates and tixes, or for the abolition of plural voting. While there were many clauses, whieh the Opposition would accept with pleasure, the Bill on the whole was nit broad or democratic enoueh for them. It might fitly be deseribed as the" fanny franchise Bill." He objected to the suggested setting up of an inquisition to ascer- tain why a man did not vote. What would be the use of the Ballot Act? As to tbe redistribution of seats, the Act of Union provided that Ireland should have 100 members of the House of Commons, 28 lords temporal and four lords spiritusl. Why did the Government propose to reform the House of Lords? Was it because they were afraid the House was going to extinguish itself ? Mr. E. ENGLAND (Warrington, L) seconded the amendment Mr. F.HOWARD (Mid. Huts, C.lsaid the Conservatives were not afraid of the House of Lords being extinguished either at this or the next election. (A -- voice: "We will have a good tay.") The House of (1) Do you feel tired, woin out and nbrvous ? Lords was quite strong enongh to look after itself. (2) Do you fa,il to get refreshed fsoni your right's (Laughter.) sleep? Mr. W. NIGHTING ALE (Normanton, S.), who described (3) Does food eesily upset you? his party as the "sensiblists," said he did not see what advantage the Bill would give to those who were not (4) Do you feel sick and lsneesid treated fairly under the present system. At the last (5) Do you suffer from faintne: 3, dizziness, weak- election he was robbed and insulted by being deprived noes, or a sinking feeling? of his right to vote because he (moved out of one (6) Do you get short of breath and has e pslpitation? constituency into another. He believed' in manhood suffrage and also in the referendum He was inclined (7) Have you headaches or neuralgia? to agree that people who had votes should be corn- (8) Are you pale WO, anasmic or sallow? pelled to use them or be disqualified. He was disgusted These conditions indicate a diseased nervous system. with the man who would sell his vote for a pot of beer What you want is a pure, safe and reliable general body but he SCRS more than disgusted with the scoundrel invigorator like Dr. Tablets Cassell's, guaranteed to cure who tempted him. you quickly and permanently. This marvellous medicine Mr. A.M. CROW F: (Carlow, N.) said Nationalists svould contains just what is necessa iy to restore sso.s out never recognise the Act of Union as being morally or tissues of nerves and the organs generally, and it legally.binding upon them but if one particular clause in possesses the peculiar power of enabling the nutrient that Act was to be struck out he claimed that the whole properties of the food taken to be thoroughly absorbed of the Act should be discussed by the House. The Act of and converted into healthy flesh, blood, bone and Union was carried through by bribery and corruption muscle. Price, 101 d., Is. I d, and 2s. 9d. of all chemists. which had never bad its equal in the annals of man and it had resulted in depopulation, famine and insurrec- READY TO DIE IS THE CAUSE. tion. The Nationalists would strongly oppose the present Bill unless the Attorney-General gave an oppor- New York, Thursday.—Mrs. Pankburst and her tunity for discussion of the Act of Union which be friends, arrived last evening, aboard the White Styr endeavoured to alter in such a subtle fashion. liner "Oceanic." In the course of an interview with a Mr. MeDowEst. (Enfield, L.) took exception to the Pressman Mrs. Pankhurst said, if necessary, the British proposal to confer Vissfranchiss upon the service:sit had Suffragettes were prepared to die in the cause.— ever been the spirit of the constitution that the ilia- Central News."

===== 0002601_19091023_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
TIRED, NERVOUS WOMEN have a Marvellous P rnedy in DR. CASSELL'S TABLETS.

COMPENSATION AWARD REDUCED.

Allegations Against Trades Union Society.

At the Warrington County Court on Thursday before Deputy Judge Sellars an application was made by the Vulcan Foundry, Co. Ltd., for the diminution or termination of compensation paid to Edwin Mather, 92, Rydal-street, Wargrave, Earlestown, in respect of an accident to his eye in October 1907. Mr. Adshead Elliott (barrister) represented the applicants and Sir William Cobbett the respondent. It was stated by Mr. Elliott that the accident was caused by a chip flying into the respondents left eye which deprived him of his sight for some time. A sum of 19s. 3d. was paid weekly without any suggestion that the mm should make any effort to retura to his work. About ten months afterwards the eearetary of the company saw the respondent and another man, who, singular to say, had met with an exactly similar injury in December 1907. When asked whether it was not time they were looking for work they replied that there were others to please besides themselves which significant remark was taken to refer to the trades unions. Nothing was said furtber at the time but in May 1909 the secretary again saw both men when Mather asked if he could have his own job back. The secretary asked if be would be right to start the next day to which a reply was made that they wanted some time to make up their minds. The Vulcan Foundry did not want men of that sort in their employ. They said rightly or wrongly thit the men ha i bee n malingering for some time. They had not the slightest doubt the two men would have found some job if they had been allowed. There was a strong suspicion that they were not allowed. The Works Secretary, (Arthur Doggett) gave evidence respecting the interviews with the men. Mr. Cobbett contended that the respondent was not able to earn the wages as previous to the accident. He had offered to try his old work, but had been refused and was unable to fled employment elsewhere. Medical evidence was given by Dr. Emays ;tones, senior surgeon at the Royal Eye Hospital, Manchester, who st-ttei that on the 7th of that month he nude a careful examination of the man Mather. He found that the sight of the left eye was completely destroyed from what might have been the result of PII accident. The condition of the right eye was fair, but distinctly below normal. He was of the opinion that the defendant was incapable .of working at his occupation as a rivetter. _ _

_ The respondent, Edward Mather, in reply to Mr. Elliott, denied that he was acting under the instruc- tions of the Boilermakers Union in not asking for wotk for eighteen months. His Honour reduced the amount to 12s. weekly—ln the case of John Shams, 200, Wargrave-rcad, town, a similar award was made.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
Sequel to Cycle Collision.

A claim for damages for injuries, sustained as a result of a cycle collision, was brought before Deputy Judge Sellars at the County Court on Thursday by James Firth, 26, Wilkinson-street, against .Joseph Wood, newspaper publisher, Warrington-road, Poulton. —Mr. Browne, who appeared for the plaintiff, stated that on July 15th the plaintiff was riding his bicycle along ..llarshhouse-lane and when near the railway bridge he was run into by the defendant Wood who approached on his .cycle from the opposite direction on the wrong side of the road. A collision occurred in which the plaintiff was knocked off his machine and rendered unconscious. He was taken into the 'house of a Mrs. Graham and afterwards con- veyed home. Defendant accompanied Mr. Firth to his home and obtained his address. In consequence of the accident plaintiff was away from work for three weeks and his wife also had to give up her work at the factory to attend to her husband.7—Evidence in support of the plaintiff's story was given by Mr. and Mrs. Graham, 76, Marshhouse-lane and the plaintiff's wife.—Mr. T. S. Steel, who appeared for the defendant, contended that the plaintiff WEIS at fault in being on the wrong side of the road. His Honour gave judg- ment for the defendant With,costs.

The adoption of Zam-Buk by Mr. W. Steedman in his home has already had several happy results. Mr. Steedman, interviewed at his home, at 10, Milne& Court, Edinburgh, told the reporter of different incidents in his family which all show that Zam-Buk fills a real need in the home—a need, too, that nothing else can supply. " My wife had long suffered with her hands, which always cracked and chapped when taken out of water," said Mr. Seedman, The joints and ',truckles of her fingers and the bt,2ks of her hands were always swollen, and there wera deep bleeding gashes ix the skin and flesh. Mere ointments never did any goo l ; they did not even take away the smarting pain and in aation. What my wife needed was something to heal the skin and make it sfrong enough to with- stand the evil effects of the water, and this no ordinary ointments were able to a:complish. Zam-Buk being more than an ointment proved just the tl,ing we had been looling for. Smearing this rare balm over my wife's hands gave her immedi•-tte ease from pain.. A few, days later, after further Zam-Buk dressings, wry sore pl2ee on both hand was lialed up with an entirely new skin. Many washing days have passed .since than, and my wife has not had any further trouble with her bonds. The skin is -both healthy and strong. "Now as to myself, I endUred agonies from a badly inflamed and swollen toe. I could not bear anything to touch the toe. For months I wore an old shoe with a big hole cut in the side. Ointments and poulti, ,74 only seemEd to increase the buraing pain. After my wife had found Zam-Bult so soothing and healing I tried the balm. I smeared Zara-Bilk on a cloth and wrapped it round the toe. Zam-Buk soothed the pain- ful toe and took away all the inflaramation and swelling:, My toe is now quite sound. . "My. daughter was the next tone 3cl Zam-Buk. She fell downstairs, wbich raised a lump as big as an egg on her forehead. A few applications of Zam-Aluk took away all the pain and ewelling.

- - "My :little grand-daughter had-a big nasty scab on the back of her head. Zam-Buk was applied and soon the scab fell away, leaving the scalp clean and health. We never before knew of such a trelsure in the home as Zam-Buk, and we would not be without a. good supply of it." Zam-Buk, which is the latvst'response by science to the very real need of the public for an ever-ready and pure healing balm, is prepared only by the sole proprietors in their private laboratory, and sold for them by chemists in sealed boxes at is. I Id., 2s. 9d., or 4s. 6d., or for same pC.ces from Zam-Buk Co., 4.1, Cow Cross-str( -t, E.C.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
A BREAD TRANSACTION.

James Harding; baker and provision dealer, sued Mr. and Mrs. Wood, 1, Chester-road, at the Warrington County Court on Thursday for £26 I6s. 51.: for goods supplied. Mr. T. S. Steel who appeared for, plaintiff said the male defendant carried on -business in Warrington and had a running account frimi 1904. In November 1904 he was compelled to 'go away and the business was assigned. to his wife. The bread had been personally delivered by Mr. Harding. Payments had been made from time to time by Mrs. Wood who-asked for time as she would endeavour to pay the balance. The amount claimed was 26 16s. 5d., and. the defendant had paid into court £1 12s. 6'd. and Ss. costs saying that it satisfied the plaintiff's claim.—Mr. Browne, for ,the defendant, said his client paid cash for all the breai received from Mr. Harding. There was nothing owing until a little before Christmas when a boy came with the bread. Every item was then entered into a book. An account was rendered amounting to ;W. Mrs. Woods paid a cheque which left a balance of £1 12s. 6d.—His Honour held that the Plaintiff had made out his claim. It was monstrous to think that Mr. Harding should commit a deliberate fraud on the defendant. He therefore gave an award for the plaintiff for the amount claimed.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
Domestic Servants, etc.

WANTED a good GENERAL to assist in bar.— Apply, WHITE HORSE HOTEL, Leigh.

SERVANTS' REGIS fllY OFFICE.—Miss JoNits, 2, Frodsbam st. (near the Eastgate), Chester.

WANTED GENERAL about 18 for small family.— Address with full particulars 32, WOLSELEY RD., St. Helens. WANTED, COOK-GENERAL; good reference required.—Apply, Mrs. C. GUEST, The Elms, -".

Lowton.

WANTED respectable young GIRL for housework; good home.—Apply 19, DERBY RD., Withington, Manchester.

WANTED GENERAL (young, strong) ; fond of children.—Apply, stating wages, JACKSON, The Firs, Marple. ------- - -

, . WANTED, STitONG GIRL as GENERAL SERVANT.—WALTONS. Confectioner, 39, Lord at., Rochdale. •

wANTED, at once, a Young GENERAL (16-18) ; comfortable home.—Apply GREEN BANK, Dunham Massey.

WANTED, strong GENERAL; able to wash; references.—Ma. J. Elwros, Boat Elouse,Astley, near Manchester.

WANTED Young GENERAL; another kept; must have good references.-37, LEA RD.,Heaton Moor, Stockport. AN rED Experienced COOK-GENERAL; must cook well; good wages; no registry.--WARREN COTTAGE, Hoylake.

WANTED Respectable GIRL, for housework; to sleep in; 45.; no washing.-31, MOSTON LANE, Blackley, Manchester.

NVANTED GENERAL, young, able to plain cook; Nursemaid kept; no washing.-80, STONEBY DRIVE, New Brighton. WANTED, GENERAL dERVAN 1'; age 18 to 24; wages 218.—Write Mrs. ELLis, Hollins lane, Winwick, near Warrington.

WANTED respectable GENERAL, about 18, small family; references.—Mrs. THORNBU RROW, 243, Warbreck Moor, Aintree. WANTED Superior GENERAL; no washing ; plain cooking.—,Mrs. SIDEBOTTOII, Thornoliffe, Brooklands, near Manchester.

WANTED experienced GENERAL; two in family; modern house; references.—ClSAMEDE, Water- park rd., Broughton Park, Manchester. HOUSEMAID-WAITRESS WANTED; thoroughly efficient ; Protestant; family two,- wages £24. Alppy, by letter only, NEWTON HOUSE, Hyde.

WANTED Experienced GENERAL, young House- maid Waitress; girl 16 help; and others wanted. —LamAs, BeMeld avenue, Cheadle Hulme.

WANTED, good GENERAL SERVANT; wages £18; or Girl to train (215 to start), family four. —Mrs. TOOTILL, Lakeside, Bradshaw, Bolton,

GENTLEMAN (just married) recommends his House- keeper; abstainer; trustworthy; good COOK.— Apply, G. K., 108, Anfield rd., Liverpool. .

MIDDLE-AGED WIDOW, no encumbrance, desires situation as Working Housekeeper ; town or country.—Apply Box 14. R., "Examiner" Office, Warrington.

WANTED GENERAL; plain cooking; young; good wages to reliable girl; good references essential. No registry.—Write 4, BLUNDELL. DRIVE, Birkda le.

MBE GROSVENOR AGENCY, 42, VICTORIA. RD., New Brighton, reqrire several GENERALS; good references. Wages £l4 to £2O. No fee whatever until suited. Stamp reply.

WANTED, good COOK-GENERAL, for private house in Blackpool. Reply giving last reference, and stating wages required to HARDMAN, 320, Lytham rd., Blackpool. MRS. READ requires good plain Cooks, Waitresses Housemaids,Housemaid-waitresses,Cook:generals Nurses and Superior Generals.—SELECT REGISTRY,, Rushoime, Manchester. WANTED, good GENERAL, for family of three; comfortable home, good wages; state age ; good references required.—Mrs. JOHNSON, Holly Mount Wilpshire, Blackburn. WANTED GENERAL SERVANT for elderly Vicar and lady housekeeper • kind Christian home with every consideration ; faithful servant much valued; state full particulars.—Rev. JOHNSON, Bump. WANTED, good COOK-GENERAL and HOUSE- MAID WAITRESS for private house in Blackpool.—Reply, giving last reference, and stating wages required, to HARDMAN, 320, Lytham rd., Black- Fool.

wANTED, WAITRESSES, Housemaids' Cook- Generals, and Generals at once; also Servants Wanting Situations, as above, in good families.—Apply to Mrs. LAMBERT, Select Agency, 10, Aigburth Vale, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
To be Lot.

PENKETH.—COTTAGES, 2s. Bd., and 2s. 6d., per week 53, WASH LANE, rent 75., per week. 57, CATHERINE STREET, rent 4s. per week. 143, KNUTSFORD ROAD, Latchford, House, two entertaining and four bedrooms ; £l4 a year. BRIDGE-FOOT, Warrington, small 2-storey Works, with river frontage and good yard ; suit any trade. HALL NOOK LANE, Penketh, good semi-detached

Residence; large garden ; suimi situation ; £4O. MARKET-GATE, Warrington. good Double Office, most central position in town ; good light ; £l6. 67, PRIESTLEY STREET, rent 59. 6d. per week. SHOP, 67, WINWICK ROAD, Rent Bs. 6d. per week. Apply ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent, No. 1 Bank Street Warrington. Telephone—No 55. rim LET 17, FOLLY LANE.—Apply Wooos SON J- Solicitors, Horsemarket Street, Warrington. TLET.—GOOD HOUSE, Hopwood-street; 3 bed 1 rooms; rent ss. 6d.—Apply WOODS AND SoN, Solicitors Horsemarket at.

CORNER of EARL and LONGFORD-STREET, Warrington. bath, &c., suitable for draper or pawn- broker.—Apply to owner, NV. FURNESS, Great Sankey. rilo LET excellent HOUSE, Whitefield rd., Stockton 1. Heath; two entertainicg, four bedrooms, box- room, bath. separate w.c. ; good garden; moderate rent.—Apply J. HALLIWELL, Market et., Warrington. EXCELLENT NEW SHAH-DETACHED VILLA .114 TO LET, Highfield Avenue, Great Sankey. The new suburb. Train 3 minutes (Cheshire Lines), tram 15 minutes. Rent 0£22. Low rates.—JOHNSTONit, Builder, Great Sankey.

MO LET, EASTGATE, Chapel lane, Sankey. This ' very desirable residence, close to Sankey C.L.C. Station, just vacated, containing two entertaining rooms,four bedrooms and bathroom. H. and C. through- out, with large garden in the rear.—For particulars apply to S. OWENS, Estate Agent, 66, Victoria rd., Widnes. '

f& J. L. TU N STALL AND CO. BEWSEY CHAMBERS, WARRINGTON.

ESTATE AGENTS ANO VALUERS. HAVE TO LET : EXCELLENT FAMILY HOUSE in Bewsey-road.

CHEAP COTTIAGES off Manchester-road,

gIEgRDID FAMILY HOUSE; central; £25 p.a. HOUSES in Parker at., £l6 per annum. FIRST-CLASS CORNER SHOP. in main st., £35 p.a. TWO-STOREY BUILDING with Stable, in Penketh ; would suit bakehouse or laundry. HOUSES in Sankey Bridges, 38. to ss. 6d. per week.

LAND for buildini purposes. _ SPLENDID HOUSES in Latchford with bath, 7s. pa

week. EXCELLENT SEMI-DETACHED VILLA in Stockton Heath; bath; w.c. and good garden.

Miscellaneous, On Sales, ect.

Matrimony.

MATRIMONIAL G AZETTE.—Best Introductory Medium. In plain sealed envelope, 3d.-2311, ECCLESHALL RD., Sheffield.

"DUBBER STAMPS and Self-inking pads ; lists free. —DURLIXtY, 7, Kingsbury Road, Neasden, N.W.

Agricultural Produce, Plants &c

Investments, Shares, Jac.

WANTED SOO 'SHARES in the Empire Skating Rink Co., Warrington.—Apply Box J. 11. Examiner" Offioe Warrington.

rpo INVESTORS.—Here is a thoroughly sound, A. genuine investment, yielding 10 p.c. with absolute security. Write for particulars of Canadian Oil and other selected investments. (Provincial Brokers required) .—SELECT INVESTMENT Co.. 27 Queen Victoria st., London EC.

DO you want to make money? Write for particulars of surest money-making investment knoun. £5 and upwards can be invested with our guarantee to repurchase at 25 per cent. capital increase in 12 months. (Brokers required).—F[DuoteßY Co.,27,Queen Victoria at,, London, E.C.

Apartments, Furnished Hous es, &c

ACCOUCHMENT.—ComfortabIe home widow lady, terms moderate, careful nursing, or Invalid received.—G LEND A LE, Laugfort rd.,Weaton-super-Mare.

APARTMENTS.—Beautifully situated, facing the sea. Board optional. Good motor garage and garden.-7, MARINE CRESCENT, Waterloo, nr Liverpool

BLACKPOOL.—Two minutes from Central Station and sea; piano.—Mrs. WHITEHEAD, 59 Albert rd.

COFFEE and Dining Rooms, North London, fitted marble tables, good profitable trade, closed Sun- days, bargain, £BO.-I'. S. 80 Broad Lane, Tottenham,

HAIR,DRESSER'S, Tobacco and Umbrella BUSI- NESS in Sheffield. Genuine. Going 'concern. Best offer wanted.—Apply BIRCH, 4, Kirkham at., Weas'e.

GROCERY, Provision for disposal, London suburb, incoming about £l6O, bear investigation, worth attention. No agents.—KlNG, 178, Grove Green Rd, Leyt( Intone.

CIUMNOR COLLEGE, for Girls, Kenilworth.—Higl and bracing position, home training and comforts; large garden, gynasium, tennis, &c. ; Autumn term September 16. References and prospectus on application SPER ANT O.—T H E INTERNATIONAL LANGUAGE. Learners Bookset, 7 stamps. Inquirers advised.—PlONl RA LIBREJO ESPERANTO, Seilnconrt rd. Tooting, London.

MUSIC BY CORRESPONDENCE.—Mr. H. C. L. STOCKS, F.R.C.0., Organist of Yeovil Parish Church, gives lessons by correspondence in Composition and the Theory of Music; terms post free on applica- tion.—Address, The Park, Yeovil, Somerset.

SOUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL.—AN IDEAL SCHOOL FOR BOYS. Languages, Science, and Commercial Subjects Swimming, Gymnastics, Cadet Company. Staff includes 8.A., M.Sc., V.C.V., Officier d' Academie, &c. Foreign pupils received. Prospectus from HEADMASTER.

MARPLE HIGH SCHOOL, CHESHIRE. Principals: The Misses RICHARDSON, High-class School for Girls and Young Boys; thorough education; pupils prepared for external examination if desired; special advantages offered in Music and Modern Languages, *Beautiful country situation. Bracing Air boarders received.

GOVERNMENT CLERKSHIPS These are open to all Youths between 14i and 22 years of age, and to all Young Ladies between 15 and 20. Examinations are held in all large towns several times a year. No other situations have such brilliant prospects. SKERRY'S COLLEGE is the recognised Training Centre for all the Government Appointments. Skilful Tuition' Orally or by post straight to the home. The Civil Service Guide Post Free from the Secretary. • 27, LEECE STREET, LIVEMCI.L.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
111 I I 1 1111111 I I I I I I I 111 1 I 1111111 I 1 1 1 I I 111 1 111 11 I I 1111 111 1111 111 I I I

taij We

Or gE Or

oI NI ar

DI th ar

the DUKE of MONTROSE were able to show that this ought not to be d6ne, he would find his power of coarse invective an unnecessary qualificatip Tor the platform of a Conserva- tive Club.

Mr. R. Pierpoint MANNERS! probably prides himself on belonging t 9 the "gentlemanly party," and usually one of the last faults we should think of charging him with is that of discourtesy. But he over- stepped the, bounds of both decency and courtesy at one stride on Monday evening when he sneered at the Chancellor of the Exchequer as "a solicitor from an obscure town," and stated boldly that he was receiv- ing "at least £4,500 a year more than he was worthy of." Now these are the last taunts of the jaundiced unscrupulous politician and we should as soon have contemplated Mr. Pierpoint's return to the House of Commons as his use of so despicable a mode of party warfare. "Manners make the man," and whatever the consequences we should have thought Mr. Pierpoint would never have stooped so low as to need reminding of the fact.

This important ques- LD SCHOOL tion is at present FEES BE engaging the attention ABOLISHED,? of the Warrington Education Committee. On Monday evening Mr. Jolley introduced a resolution that no fees be charged in any of the elementary schools from January Ist next, but time did not allow of its discussion and it will form the subject of a special meeting of the authority on Monday even- ing next. Theoretically most people are in favour of the abolition of school fees and, as Mr. Jolley said, it does look anomalous that while the Council schools are entirely free, the non-provided schools should continue to charge fees. The question however is not so simple as it appears on the surface. We have it on good authority that the abolition of fees would mean the addition of a, twopenny rate and it would cer- tainly involve the replacement of some schools. Already the educational rate is equal to the rate of other large towns. If twopence is to be added for school fees, the white elephant on Grace's pottery to be paid for, and three or four additional schools to be built, we shall not envy the Chairman of the .Finance Committee his position. The solution of the whole difficulty is for the State to take over the entire cost of Educa- tion. There is now almost a consensus of opinion that Education is a national concern and as such we believe it should be paid for by the nation. It is said that no local control could be expected, if the State pro- vided all the funds. Yet we have an example in the town at the present moment of local control of State funds. The State finds the entire cost of Old Age Pensions but the other administration devolves upon the local committee who, to no small extent control the fund. ,

The Conservative party A FEEBLE PROTEST. in Warrington indulged in the luxury of a Budget protest meeting in Parr Hall on Monday evening. There was a large audience—carefully canvassed and admitted by ticket—and the Budget Was belaboured by the speakers in a whole-hearted fashion. That it suffered at all in the process is open to question. The Budget has roused all the worst passions of Toryism, of monopoly, and of vested interests. The very fact that in its main provisions it readjusts the burden of taxation so that wealth shall bear a share more in proportion with the load under which the workers have staggered for centuries is enough to condemn it utterly in the eyes of those who think imperially and pay parochially. Their dread bogey is Socialism, so the Budget is described as Socialistic. It seems to us that the Tories are injuring their own cause by such tactics. The people like the Budget, as the meetings on both sides all over the country have conclusively proved, and to hear it called Socialism merely lessens the dread of many cautious reformers in Socialism itself. "If this is Socialism" they think and say, " let us have more of it." - The " protest " at Warrington will not carry much weight. Though the Conserva- tive party had filled the hall with their friends they were afraid to put a resolution of protest to the meeting and very judiciously did without. Could anything be more conclusive that the Budget• has gained the day? Even the Budget Protest League has put up the shutters, and -written itself down a political failure. The speaker who mainly voiced the " protest " on Monday was the Right Hon. J. H. Campbell, K.C., M.P. (ex-Irish Attorney-General) about whom it is worth while noting that at Warrington' he sat under the presidency af a Brewer and deplored the "cruel injustice and vindictiveness of the licensing duties." At Islington on Wednesday he was beating the drum in similar style on behalf of the Allied Brewery Trades Association, so that he may be as legitimately dubbed "the Brewers' Advocate" as Mr. Ure is rightly known as "the Budget Advocate." Mr. Campbell was at his alliterative best in the congenial London company. He likened the Budget licensing duties to "the finance of the freebooter and the vindictiveness of the vendetta." The audience was mcrie reliable than the one at Warrington, and we learn that a resolution of protest was actually put and carried.

The Tariff Reformers A TARIFF REFORM have at last given up ' CLIMB DOWN. trying to prove that the effect of the French and German duties on wheat is not, to increase the price of bread. It has been a gallant struggle, which has never been more than a forlorn hope. The sponge is now thrown up in an artidle in the "Monthly Notes on Tariff Reform" published by the Tariff Reform League, which deals with French and German wheat prices. The &Aide admits (the italics are our own) the following significant conclusions: "That wheat and bread have not become dearer . but cheaper, although higher duties have been imposed, is true, but that the German and French duties have, on the whole, had the effect of increasing the price of wheat in those countries is also true. It would indeed be strange if the French and German duties had not had this effect, as they were deliberately imposed in order to produce it. The German and French wheat duties are not intended to produce revenue, nor are they intended to bepaid by the foreigner. They are not intended as ordinary tariff duties, but as practically prohibitive duties imposed for the purpose of making agriculture attractive and remunerative, not so much to enrich agriculturists but as being on the whole the most economical means of keeping in the country and on the land the requisite number of men required for military purposes. 7:lie high French and German ditties' do, there- fore, raise the price of \corn in these countries. They are intended to do so. But what, we put it to our "Free Traders," has the effect of these duties in France and Germany to do with Mr. Chamberlain's proposal to put a duty of 2s. per quarter on all foreign wheat imported in Great Britain? The only possible answer is, "Nothing at all ! " The :things are in entirely different

===== 0002601_19091023_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
Horses, Carriages, Live Stock

CANARIES, splendid songsters, ss. 6d., few special, 7s. each.—Cousngs,lB, Wargrave Buildings, Shore- ditch, London.

CANARIES.—Five healthy young St. Andraesberg Rollers, two cocks and three hens, Bs. the lot.-- COPLIN, Killigrew, Falmouth.

FOR Sale, a Grey MARE ; first-class huntress; 15.3 rising 7; can be seen by appointment any time. WINDYHOWE, Delamere, near Northwicb.

BULL BITCII, grand specimen excellent pedigree, showing heavy in pup and due November 2nd to the well known " Orrell Jack" ; she is the best of mothers; 7 Brindles last litter ; will sell cheep, being overstocked.—BipsToN, 55, Russell st., Liverpool. HORSES! HdRES ! HORSES ! QIIRE CURE for horses, cattle, pigs, or dogs suffer- ing from ringworm, itch, mange, or vermin, Is. Gd. per bottle. Sure Cure for grease on horses' legs, sore shoulders, or cut anywhere' Is. 6d. per bottle. send postal order.—ARGYLE CO.. 3, Garstang-road, Preston.

SELF-POLISHING HARNESS BLACKING; nO labour, no brushing, softens leather; gallons 4s. Gd., large tint ls.—Agents : S. Thompson, Chel- :ord ; Mr. Marshall, saddler, Knutsford ; A. Radford, Altrincbam ; J. Osbaldeston, Sale; Brownhill and Sons, Stretford; W. Knight, Stockton Heath, Warring- ton; Mr. Monks, Midge-street, and Mr. Seddon, Sankey-street, Warrington; A. Hunt, Widnes-road, and Thomas Linaker, Victoria-road, Widnes; Mr. Matthews saddler, Bull Ring, Northwich ; Messrs. Lea and Son Runcorn; Alfred Lightfoot, High-street, Sandbaoh ; Paul Higgins, saddler, and-P. P. Jackson, Mill-street Congleton ; Wm. Lamb, saddler, Nantwich ; Alset Clews, saddler, Mill-street, Crewe; C. Irlam, 1112 Liverpool-road, Cadishead.—Lincows BLA CKING Co Manchester.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
Medical.

ROYAL COURT THEATRE. " The Prince and the Beggar Maid."

Dramas from the pen of Mr. Walter Howard hay° often been produced with great acceptance JJI Warrington and this week local playgoers have tile opportunity of seeing Mr. Howard himself in his most recent success " The Prince hod the. Beggar Maid: Mr. Howard is not only a gifted playwright but a powerful actor and his inclusion in the cast is suffi- cient to invest a dramatic enterprise with more thall usual interest. Con.equently large audiences havie been the rule at the • Royal Court Theatre anu enthusiasm has run high. "The Prince and the Beggar maid" was first produced at the Lyceuillci London, where it had a remarkable " sen off and the honotft of a visit from 11 Majesty the Queen. With an attractive mi"- tary setting and an absorbingly original plot, the, play is conceived in a delightful romantic vein awl there are exciting situations which hold the audience spell-bound. Mr. Howard impersonates the dashillg Prince Olaf with consummate skill, and whether.' the tender love passages with the Princess MOlliCa or in that superb dramatic Scene when he defieg his ambitious brother Hildred's soldiery, YI is equally clever and convincing. From t,ile earliest stages of the play he wins tILe favour of the audience and repeatedly comes in for rounds of cheering. Miss Stella Campbell is a will-- some Princess Monica, her portrayal hein,gi characterised by rare depth of feeling. A sPecia, word of praise is due to Mr. Lionel Gadsden for ID° remarkably realistic study of Michael the Hunchback-. Mr. Robert Noble is a capital Captain Hector; 31r; Mayor Cooke makes the most of the unenviable par' of Prince Hildred ; and Mr. Victor Rae displays F„°11- siderable talent as Michael's dumb servant. company is a capable one all round and the mounting is excellent. Between the acts the orchestra, under Mr. Norman Latham's conductorship, plays sou° bright selections in tasteful style.

NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAMME. Next week there will be a first-class attraction ill "The Hypocrites," which has been called " Th,6 greatest of dramatic triumphs" for which Arthur Jones is justly famed, The story is sinque' and Mr. Jones has so skilfully' treated it that then can be no question of its healthy moral intent annti inherent truthfulneas to life. Its many irwerf d sipfations hold the tense interest of the audience all those who desire a rare dramatic treat should not ralss the opportunity of seeing this great pliy.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0058.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Machinery etc.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER,

SATURDAY, OCTOBER 23RD, MO9.

It must be admitted SOME DUCAL that the Dukes have LANGUAGE. come to the front in a really surprising way. We hear very little about them in the House of Lords as a rule. The DUKE of NORTHUMBERLAND has a certain §et of narrow opinions which lead him to make frequent 'excursions into the debates, and the DUKE of BEDFORD speaks with ability O n army questions. But the Dukes in general either do not' attend the House or are silent when they take their Places. Now, suddenly, however, they have almost all of them become vocal,—not, indeed, in the House of Lords itself, but on Platforms in the country. The latest instance in point is the DUKE OF MONTROSE, who is entitled to sit among the Peers as EARL GRAHAM. We do not remember to have heard of him in politics up to the Present time. But the Budget has roused the fighting spirit in him, as it has roused it in the DUKE OF PORTLAND, and the DUKE OF DEVONSHIRE, and the DUKE OF NORFOLK, and so many others. He has, it appears, been hiding a fine talent for invective which as Mr. DISRAELI said, is a great 'ornament of debate. "But," the late Tory leader was careful to add, "invective is not argument." It is characteristic of the DUKE OF MONTROSE and the other Dukes, that they use invective as if they considered argument to be unnecessary. In this they do not differ from the most humble of their fellow-countrymen. "Don't argue with him; hit him ! " is an exclamation that may frequently be heard at country fairs when two men are obviously spoiling for a fight. This, it is evident, is _ the Ducal scheme of controversy. The DUKE OF MONTROSE remarked to a meeting at Glasgow that the Midget is being forced upon the country by a section of poli- tical hypocrites; 'and that Mr. LLOYD GEORGE Posed like a rampaging Sociklist lion at New- castle, but was like a sucking dove in the Rouse of Commons. Mr.WINSTON CHURCHILL Was given a worse character. To use the elegant Ducal language, The goes one better." One would imagine, said the DUKE OF MONT- ROSE, that he took his daily chop and glass • of ale in company with Mr.KIER-HARDIE and Nlr. VICTOR GRAYSON ; whereas he actually clines at the best houses, sometimes "squeez- ing himself even into the exclusive society of Lansdowne House.". And now we know what ducal manners are, and what is the style of language favoured by the highest class of the British aristocracy. It must be conceded that the DUKE of MONTROSE is one of our enlighteners, Anyone would know, from the manner of his speech, that he had been to a -public school. The historic reply to the man who said to another, "You're no gentleman," was You're no judge." We do not consider the DUKE of MONTROSE to be a judge of the 'behaviour of Mr. LLOYD-GEORGE in the Rouse of Commons ; but .we can say, with confidence, that the DUKE himself would not venture to employ in the House of Lords the .coarse sort of language and metaphor and insinuation that he considered good enough -for the Conservative Club at Glasgow. That sort of thing is more fitted for race- -courses than for assemblies such as either -the House of Commons or the House of Lords. There was nothing said by Mr. LLOYD- GEORGE at Newcastle that he might not .repeat anywhere. It is true, however, that, in the House of Commons, he has exhibited a -tact, a suavity, and a general habit of Con- ciliation which have been of the highest value in expediting business. Does the DUKE of MONTROSE impute these virtues to him as crimes.? His crime is, of dourse, that he framed a 'Budget; one object of which is tO place more fairly the burden of taxation -(1/1 the,backs that are most able to bear it. If

===== 0002601_19091023_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
„ . , •. ~ • • • .

that it is utterly impossible to compare either thehrintentions or their incidence."

But the fact remains that Mr. Chamber- lain's 2s. per quarter on all foreign wheat imported into this country would lessen competition and most certainly result in increased prices at home. One would follow the other as surely as night follows the day.

Lti3TES AND NOTIONS.

"You can tax wealth or you can tax wages "—that is Mr. Churchill's concise summary of the Budget dilemma. The Chancellor has already decided,and it is easy to surmise which alternative the general public will adopt. * * *

The "man in the street," perhaps, needs no other answer to the contention that the Budget is attacking capital, than Mr. Winston Churchill's plain statement: was shown yesterday "—Mr. Churchill was speaking on Saturday, the 16th—" a list of thirty-eight leading industrial and com- mercial securities in which there has been a substantial ackance since the Budget was introduced. It is curious that amongst these securities which have advanced I notice the Alliance Assurance Company,chairman Lord Rothschild." * *

The Siamese are a simple but a most ingenious people. The manager of the Siam Electric Company has just issued a circular letter to the consumers of current, which reads:

Sir, for the case that your electric light should fail we beg to send you enclosed a postcard, which please send us at once when you find your light out. The company will then send you another postcard. To the more exacting Western mind the possibility of supplying the place of the light that fails with a match and "another post- card" would nsvei have occurred. ** * • _ _

The employment- figures for September show a gratifying improvement. It is not large, but its significance will be seen from the following comparison:

TRADE UNION UNEMPOYMENT PERCENTAGE. August. 'September. 1908 1909 -

All the principal iudustries show an improve- ment as compared with a year ago except coal-mining, in which the state of employ- ment is about the same. The figures, indeed, are one of the many indications which go to show that trade and industry are slowly, but surely, recovering.

*- w Mr. C. E. Parker ha*s intervened to good purpose in the Bermondsey election. The district is one of the centres of the leather trade, dnd the Tariff Reformers have been arguing that the importation of leather does unnecessery damage to Bermondsey, and that the trade could be revived by taxing the foreigner. The question appears to have aroused widespread interest,and on Monday, Mr. Hughes, the Liberal candidate, produced a letter he had received from Mr. Parker, who wrote that the land monopoly and the high price of land in London were largely responsible for the stagnant condition of the leather industry in Bermondsey, and enclosing particulars showing that cheaper land in his district had resulted in the development of the industry until now four yards mentioned put through 420,000 hides per annum, though the oldest began opera- tions only 25 years ago and the youngest twelve years ago.

Another sample of Mr. Lloyd George's "vitriolic vituperation"! Speaking at a Welsh dinner on Wednesday, when Mr. Balfour was the guest of the evening, the Chancellor of the Exchequer made the follow- ing uncalled-for remarks at the expense of the Tory leader : To-night we are assembled to pay honour to one of the most distinguished men of the day. (Cheers.) I will not speak of his interest in science and art, his ,literary interest; or his great literary attainments. I know him better as a statesman and as a member of the House of Commons. I say that the House of Commons has a special Pride in Mr. Balfour--;cheers),--a pride in his great gifts, a pride in his courage, a pride in his chivalrous bearing. (Hear, hear). There is no debate in the Hoise of Commops in which he takes part which he does not nrieli by his contribution. He is one of the greatest assets of the House. (Hear, hear.) Will the Tory papers be able to contain themselves after this last attack? * * *

The Mayor caused a sensation at the Swimming Gala last Friday night by a personal attack on Alderman Bolton, chair- man of the Baths Committee. The gist of his -remarks was that the .baths were a disgrace, and "as long as Alderman Bolton was chairman _ . . . . they would have'

nothing done for them." There was some truth in what His Worship said, but his remarks were ill-timed aud uttered in the wrong ,place. If he had said as much in open Council and in the presence of Alderman Bolton, no objection would have been raised. But the attack of last Friday evening was to say the least, injudicious. The Council will have before it on Tuesday evening„the usual vote of thanks to the retiring Mayor for his " courtesy and impartality," and it seems to be the general opinion that Alderman Forshaw has jeopardised the chances of that unanimous vote, without which the resolu- tion is valueless. * * *

The Government's splendid legislative record was eloquently reviewed by Mr. Winston Churchill in a speech at Dundee on Tuesday. Those who have been disposed to belittle the work of the past -few years -would db well to study Mr. Churchill's summary. It shows what a great deal has been done to improve the prospects of many humble sections of the community, and to protect the child life of the nation as well as to brighten the declining days of the aged. "No one, looking back," said Mr. Churchill, " over the last four years has any reason to feel ashamed of the record of his Majesty's Govern- ment. (Cheers) Although from causes beyond our control we have not been able satisfactorily to settle the problems of education and licensing, no lover of progress who surveys the Statute Book as it stands to-night, and contrasts that Statute Book with the condition in 1905, need feel that it has laboured in vain. All classes of our great community have benefited. The trades unionist, as he surveys his organisation freed from the injury done it by previous judicial decisions ; the miner, whose cage brings him to the surface of the ground after eight hours of labour (cheers)— ; the aged pensioner when he goes to the post office to draw his weekly pension —(cheers)—; the Irish Catholic, who sees the rdnges of a university career thrown open to his sons ; the child, wlio is protected in the street and in his home; the peasant, who finds it easier to acquire a small parcel of land which he needs for his individual exertions; the youthful offender in prison and saved from the prison—(cheers) ; the citizen, who takes his seat on the county bench, not debarred by 'a property qualification; the servant who is injured in domestic service— all these bear witness to the workings of an active and tireless humanitarian effort." (Cheers.)

I SHALL have a few Choice DAMSONS this next week. McDERMoIt, " Cheattest Man Alive."

MARKET AND BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

•• ,

===== 0002601_19091023_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
• 4 w_

ltifirmary and Dispensary. The Hon. Treasurer of the Workingmen's Committee begs to acknowledge, with thanks, the sum of £2.1, being part proceeds of the Warrington Police Athletic Sports.

Proposed Abolition of School Fees. In response to a requisition signed by five members, a special meeting of • the Education Committee has been convened for Monday eveninc, next ,to consider the question of the abolition of school fees.

The Howley Ward Election. I;e:urns handed in at the Town Clerk's office state thm,the expenses of Mr. C. D. Parkinson in. the recent by-election in the above ward amounted to £29 Bs. 10d., and *those of Councillor G. C. Howard to .;E:l2 3s. 9d.

Mr. J. Howes, Jun. qui readers will be interested to learn that Mr. Joseph How-es, jun., the Liberal Registration Agent, is to be married to-day at the Primitive Methodist Chapel, Morecambe, to Miss Waywell of Clambrook Farm, Orford, Warrington. Street Accident. _ _

A boy named Aaron Charleswood, aged 13, residing with his parents at 51,Bostock-street Warrington, was playing on the wall near Bank Quay Bridge on Wednesday when he fell to the ground a distance of ), )lit twenty feeet seriously injuring himself.

Wycliffe Young People's Society. This society held its opening meeting o!: the session on Monday evening in the Memorial Hall, the pro- ceedings taking the form of a social. The Rev. J. YOnge presided and music and games were indulged in. Miss Haviour and W. Parker rendered songs, and Miss Jordan gave recitations.

Territorial Fined. At the Borou:211 Police Court on Tuesday, before 'Mr. 4. Roberts (in the chair), and Mr. J. Rymer Young, Thomas Griffiths, a local Territorial, was fined. 10s. and costs for failing to attend the annual camp training. Sergeant Major Ingram gave evidence tá the effect that defendant absented himself without giving any reason. Sir John thinner.

Early in November Sir Benjamin Stone and Sir John Brunner, who are retiring from the political arena- at the end of the present Parliament, will be entertained at luncheon at the House of Commons. As the former sits for East B;rmingham as a Con- servative and the latter for Northwfch. as a Liberal, the function will be entirely a non-party one. MOSELEYS /FOOD.—A most agreeable and • acceptable fooi, stimulant and restorative for • inialids and convalescents.—Advt. Warrington Philomatic Society. _V.-well attended meeting of the above Society. was held in the Old Academy, Bridge Foot, on Wednesday. Mr. A. H. Rathbone opened the debate!—" Ought the Budget, especially, its land clauses, to become law J" and he was opposed by Mr. C. S. Woods. Both genilemen delivered effective speeches and an interesting discussion followed. The voting resulted in. the affirmative being carried. Found Dead In Bed.

_ An inquest was held at the Coroner's Court on Wednesday by Mr. S. Brighouse touching the death of Mary Jane Williams, the seven months old daughter of Robert Williams, 26, Barbauld-streq, who was found dead in bed on Sunday morning.,--Dr Smith stated that from a post mortem examination he had made he attributed death to heart failure consequent uponz, acute pneumonia. A verdict of "Natural causes" was returned. A Farmers Claim. _

At the Warrington County Court, on Thursday, before Deputy Judge Sellars, Eaton Bretherton,farmer, Newton-by-Daresbury, brought a claim to recover £l3 18s.-Id. for potatoes, bags and hampers, from John Sullivan, wholesale potato merchant, Stockport. There was a counter claim of £1 12s. for the loss on profits of the non-delivery of other loads of potatoes. Mr. A. Browne appeared for plaintiff and Mr. E. A. White for the defendant. After a consultation in private a settlement was arrived at.

" PEvERIL " FIRE GRATES still unsurpassed, Incpection invited.—J. S. GARLAND, Kitchen Range and Stove Warehouse, 51 to 55, Bridge at., Warring - t on.--Advt,

Warrington Women's Circle. 'On Sunday Mrs. Dunn presided at the meeting and Mrs. Simpson gave the address. Miss Michael, Mrs. Perkins and Miss Heywood also took part. Mrs. Kenworthy's solos "Sun of my Soul," and "The Lost Chord" were heartily enjoyed. On Tuesday evening the Young People's Society was favoured with a visit from Miss Truda Crosfield. Her lecture on !Syria and Palestine, with curios, was full of interest and • listened to with rapt attention. Mrs. Jackson Holmes took the chair and Mrs. Parker sang " kdream of Paradise " and " Roses." The vote of thanks was proposed by Miss Waring and seconded by Miss Johnston.

Messrs. 4rosfleld's Appeal. The Master of the Rolls and Lords Justices Moulton and Farewell, were asked in the Court of Appeal, on Thursday, to allow to be in the paper of hearing for for next Wednesday the appeal of Messrs. Crosfield, Sons, and Co., Limited, Warringt..n, front a decision of Mr: Justice Swinfen Eady, who, supporting the Registrar of Trade-marks,‘ refused, on the opposition of Messrs Lever Brothers, of Port Sunlight, to allow the registration of the word "Perfection as applied to certain soaps manufactured and sold by Crosfield, Sons, and Company.—The Lords Justices acceded to the application. _IIOSELEYS FOOD.—An ideal food for Infants. _

_ Soothing, comforting, easily digested and full of nourishment.—Advt. The Rev. W. Reid.

The new Presbyterian minister of St. John's (Rev. Wm. Reid) occupied the pulpit of his late charge in Hartley-street, Sunderland, on Sunday last, when large congregations attended the services.—On the Monday evening the Rev. A. Wylie Blue, minister of St. George's Church, Sunderland, presided over a very enthusiastic meeting, and in the name of the, St. George's and Hartley-street Congregations and frieQs, presented Mr. Reid with a purse of gold, and on behalf of the Mothers' Meeting of Hartley-street, gave Mrs. Reid a silver cream jug and sugar basin.—The Revs. A. Wylie Blue and G. Kemp, Councillor G. Bertram, Messrs. R. Morrison, W. Chisholm, J. Howliston, Arch, Cameron, and Miss Forster paid a high tribute to the good work done by Mr. and Mrs. Reid, and referred to the great increase in membership and , finance during Mr, Reid's four year's ministry at Hartley-street. Mention *as specially made of the exceptional power -over and work among the young, and it was pointed out that it was owing to Mr. Reid's work that the "Sunderland Sunday School Scholars' Scripture Examination Challenge Shield" had found its way to Hartley-street Sunday this year. While regretting the great loss sustained by Mr. Reid's translation to Warrington, it was realised that his labours in a wider sphere would mean a much greater advantage to the Presbyterian Church .in England as a whole. "HERALD" HERALD" KITCHEN RANGES 135V43 50 per cent of fuel.—Agent J. S. GARLAND, Ironmonger, 51 to 55 Bridge st.,Warrington.—Advt. " The Pirates of Penzance." Before a large and enthusiastic audience, the members of the operatic section of the Warrington Musical Society gave their concluding performance of "The Pirates of Penzance" at the Parr Hall on Saturday evening. The week's experience on the boards,had inspired all concerned with greater con- fidence and the final representation of the opera was highly finished and pleasing in every respect. Every- thing went with delightful crispness and animation and hearty encores were the order of the evening.. At the close the principals were called to the front 'and warmly cheered, and they were alsolhe recipients 'of Many handsome floral and otlicr presents. Mr. F. Fieldhouse, the Pirate King, was p'resented with an appropriate memento in the form of a two-masted toy ship, and much men iment was caused when a large pie, labelled" From the cook" was +handed to Mr. j. W. Bibby, the sergeant of police. ' Mr. F. H. Crossley, the conductor, and Mr. Foden Williams, the coach and stage manager, appeared on the stage and were accorded a great ovation. The opera company joined hands and sang" Auld Lang Syne " and the proceedings closed with the National .Anthem. From the musical and artistic points of view this year's opera enterprise is entitled to rank worthily with the six which have preceded it. The only cause for regret is , that%the multitude of counter-attractions caused a falling off in public patronage.

TABLE AND HANGING LAMPS, new designs now showing.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge st., Warrington.—Advt.

Independent Methodist Mission, Brick-street. This church has been favoured with a short visit from Sister Clara Green of Oldham, one of the Connexional Evangelists. The visit commenced on Saturday night last and continued until Wednesday night, numerous services and meetings having been held both in the chapel and in the open air. The mission, has been successful in every way.

The Mayor Initiated an Oddfeliow. The Mayor (Alderman Forshaw) was initiated as an hon. member of the" Olive Branch " Lodge of the Independent Order of Oddfellows (Manchester Unity) at a meeting held at the Roebuck Hotel on Saturday. The room was crowded, Prov. Grand Master G. F. Freeman presiding. The ceremony of initiation was impressively performed by the District Lecture Master P.P.G.M. James Massey and afterwards a social took place.

MOSELEYS FOOD.—"Mad3 in a minute." Strongly recommended . by the Medical Press and Medical men. Ask your doctor.—Advt.

Lift Fatality.—Stores Compensation Case. At the Warrington County Court on Thursday before His Honour Deputy Judge Sellars, an applica- tion under the Workmen's Compensation Act, was made by Mr. and Mrs. William Taylor, Enville- street, for the joint payment of the sum of £l5O paid into court by the Co-operative Society in compensa- tion for the death of their son through a lift accident at the Warrington Co-operative Stores. Mr. A. Browne, for the applicants, asked that the money be paid out in full. There were no other persons besides the applicants who would be affected. It was intended to invest the money. The application was granted.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0062.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Birtics.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FUNERAL.

The funeral took place at the Warrington Cemetery yesterday afternoon in the presenc3 of a large gathering. The body was brought from London by train arriving at Bank Quay Station at 1.30, and here the procession was formed and proceeded direct to the Cemetery. The last rites were Impressively performed by the Rev. H. V. Pignt, rector of Gmppenhall. The chief mourners were :—Mr. J. E. Braide (son), Mr. H. Braid° (brother), Mr. H. Braide, jun., and Mr. G. Braide (nephews), Mr. J. r. Wing and Mr. G. Ryding (of Watford), and Mr. Robert Garton. The L. and N.-W. Railway rePresentatives were : Messrs. F. A. Sargent, district goods manager; J. B. Parkhouse, assistant district goods manager and repre- senting Mr. C. E. Grasemann, chief goods manager; L. D. Parsons, representing Mr. NV. M. Turnbull, district superintendent Liverpool ; C.. Hurst, repre- senting Mr. F. T. Kinsman, outdoor goods manager, Manchester; D. Banks, chief clerk district goods manager's office; F. Atkinson, representing Mr. T. Mitchelhill, mineral manager, Euston; Houghton, representing Mr. S. H. Hunt, district traffic superin- tendent, Garston ; E. Smith, late chief clerk, D G.M.O. ; R. Parkinson, C. Eccles, R.. Bell, R. Sutton, Ellison, S. B. Crompton, NV. G. Limb, R. F. Anderton, J. Bennett, Horrobin, Wilson, S. Taylor, D.G.M.O. ; Lowe and D ivies, Bolton; Stovae, St. Helens: Townley and Newbold, Warrington goods; Beesley, Worrell. Heaps, and Tarvei, Black- burn; Hickson and Haines, Wigan; R. Hunt and Johnson, Leigh and Bedford; T. A. Smith, late goods agent, Leigh and Bedford; NV. H. Hunt, St. Helena' - Berry, Tyldesley ; Haslam, Earlestown ; Scott, Runcorn; Reea. Plodder Lane; Bolton, Station Master, Warrington; Starkey, Telegraph Dept. Warrington. Amongst others present were Dr. Bowden and Mr. H. W. Naylor. The wreaths included one from the staff at the district goods' manager's office. Mr. E. Connor had charge of the funeral arrangements at Warrington.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
SEQUEL TO DOG BITES.

At the Warrington County Court on Thursday, before his Honour Deputy Judge Sellars, Ernest Smith, a postman, brought an action- against Joseph Smith, assistant-overseer, residing at Sankey, to recover damages for a dog bite. Mr. T. E. Knowles appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. A. Browne for the defendant. Mr. Knowles said that on the evening of May 27th, abont 8.40, the plaintiff was riding a postal carrier tricycle from Warrington to Penketh, and as he was riding past the defendant's house a do-,b ran out and bit him on the leg. Plaintiff did nothing to provoke the animal. His Honour : The point is whether the dog is a savage one. _- Plaintiff gave evidence in support of Mr. Knowles' statement, and said that he was off work for 19- days, and the shock of the bite had upset his nerves. At the present time be suffered inconvenience from the bite, and he had lost 6s. Ss. The doctor's bill was 7s. 6d. Mr. Browne • We paid that. In reply to ;fr. Browne, plaintiff said the wound was not a slight graze as the wound bled. Mr. Smith had been very kind to him. Thomas Kenyon Taker, another postman, spoke to the defendant's dog having flown at him. Samuel Atherton also said that the dog haol attacked him. and he had complained to the defendant's daughter Mr. Browne, for the defence, said the dog had never bitten anyone else. lany people called at the house daily to see Mr. Smith on business and there never bad been any complaint about the dog before. After hearing the evidence of the defendant his Honour gave judgment for the defendant with costs. Fifteen shillings was the award given to John Lowe, a groom residing in Kendrick-street, Warrington by Deputy-Judge Sellars at the Warrington County Court, on Thursday against William Haslam, farmer, Burton- wood as a result of a dog bite. Mr. E. A. White appeared for the plaintiff awl Mr. Browne for the defendant. Lowe bad eccasion to visit the farm of Mr. Haslarn when the latter's dog flew at him and bit him on the lea. He was medically attended at the Infirmary but was able to continue his work. The claim was for the damages to his clothing. •

===== 0002601_19091023_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
' ' .0. 4 : .

DEATH OF MR. EDWARD BRAIDE.

The news has been received with deep regret in Warrington of the death of Mr. Edward Braide,late dis- trict goods manager of the London and North-Western Railway Company, who passed away at the residence of his son at Watford, (Hertford) on Tuesday morning. The deceased gentleman, who was , seventy-two years of age, was one of the most familiar figures in Warrington up and district to six months ago when, shortly after the death of his wife, he went to live with his son, Mr. J. E. Braide,at Watford. Despite his advanced years he was most active and enjoyed wonderfully good health. About a fortnight ago he was quite unexpectedly seized with a stroke and never recovered, death ensuing as stated abave. 11r.Braide, who was a native of Huddersfield, had spent almost the whole of his life in the service of the L. and N.W. Railway Company. His first important position was at Liverpool where he was engaged in the accountant's department,remaining there until he became chief. Next he was transferred to the office of the general manag.r at Euston to assist in some complica'ed work which had arisen, and after being there for thret or four years he came to Warring- ton as district goods manager ill 1874. He 'held that important post until 1903 when he was superannuated by the company. His many sterling qualities and not least his conscientious devotion to duty gained the confidence and esteem alike of the company and of the staff under his control, and on his retirement the high regard entertained for him by the whole of the dis- trict staff, found expression in the presentation of a handsome silver salver and tea and coffee service. Mr. Braide took no prominent part in public affairs. He was a devoted Churchman and for many years was a regular worshipper at St. Paul's Church. He had also acted as superintendent of the, Sunday School. In politics he was a Conservative. Of late years Mr. Braide had suffered several heavy bereavements, one son—Dr. G. Braide —passing away in 1908.

THE LATE MR. E. BRAIDE.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
WORKINGMEN'S MISSION,BANK QUAY The League of Help.

The first annual meeting in connection with the League of Help associated with this Mission was held on Tuesday evening in the schoolroom. There was a good attendance of members and friends. , Mr. George Dale, President of the League, took the chair, being supported on the platform by Captain Crosfield, Rev. W. Bracecamp, Mr. Rowlands (the Secretary of the Warrington Citizens' League of Help) and Mr. Hough. After hymn and prayer, the Secretary, Mr. T. Edmunds, read the first annual report, which showed that a good work had been done: When they commenced to organize the League about 11 months ago it was to them quite a new undertaking, and they had to feel their way into it. A basis was agreed upon by which funds could be raised to carry on the League of Help work. This was done by means of monthly subscriptions from the six sections into which the League was divided. The six sections were as follows :—Men's Class, Women's Class, Young Men's Class, Young Women's Class, Society Class and the Sunday School Teachers. A secretary was appointed for each section to receive from any member the amount they decided to give, from as low as id. per month upwards, so as not to make it a burden upon anyone. Donations were also received from a few sympathizing friends who were not members of the League. The total income for the 10 months ending September had been £4l 12s. 4d,; total expenditure in actual -relief, £36 Bs. 21d. ; printing and stationery, us. 2d.; leaving a balance in hand of £4 12s. 111 d. Number of cases relieved in December, 15: January, 18; February, 21; March, 22; April, J 4; May, 6 • June, 7; July, 8; August, ; September, 8; October, 6. The funds subscribed by the six sections of the League of Help amounted to £32 is. 10d.- The remainder was received as follows :—Captain Crcsfield, ; Mrs. Crosfield, Colwyn Bay, £1 10s. ; Mr. P. Carter, Frodsham, £1 12s. 6d. ; Mr. Potts, Liverpool, 11. •' Mr. Medley, Ts.; and Mr. Caird, I,a. The funds had been dis- tributed either by a note for provisions or money. The amounts granted varied from is. 6d. to 55., and in one or two special cases 10s. Many cases had been assisted with food and clothing by individual members of the League,and certainly £l5 worth of pro- visions and clothing had been distributed in this way. The Leaue had worked in conjunction with,. the Labour Bureau during last winter, investigating cases. and giving information to the Bureau-. In smile cases employment had teen obtained for men otit of work. No question of denomination or creed had entered into the work of the League. No matter what the oreed, creed or no creed, they had worked to endeavour to sweeten the lives, to bring warmth and comfort to the homes of the people in the neighbourhood. They had been amply repaid by seeing the people, whom they had tided over the dark and difficult days, able to fight their way through their difficulties. The CHAIRMAN, in his remarks, stated that the mem- bers of the League had recognized the importance of not pauperizing the people whom they assisted. The Object had been rather to put those in. need in the way of helping themselves. But there were many cases where there had been such extreme poverty and hopelessness that it was found to be absolutely necessary to grant help in the way of food, money or clothing. It was a distressing fact that in Warrington, with its thousands of Christians, such a condition of things should be possible. Perhaps some might say that the municipal authorities ought to look after such cases, but whatever the responsibility of the municipal authorities might be, the Christian Churches could not possibly shirk the duty which was very plainly set before them. • The singing of hymns and prayers were of no avail unless supplemented with active efforts to help their fellow men. He was glad to extend a hearty welcome to Mr. Rom-buds, (Applawe.l Mr. ROWLANDS said he hoped that befor6 16ng tEI would "gee a network of similar organisations such as theirs right throughout tile town. He likened the League of Help workers to the pious bridge builders of olden times, who worked with a holy zeal in the building of their bridges to increase the means of communication and intercourse between man and man. So the League.of Help was the means of bridging the gulf between us and our fellow men. Mr. BRACECANIP congratulated the League on the example which it had set to the whole of Warrington. While others had, been talking they had got to work, and had already done a good deal of work. The movement in connection with the Warrington Citizens' League of Help had been well launched. All sorts of difficulties had cropped up which they had never anticlpated;4mt they were being ,gradually overcome, and very shortly he expected to see it in working order.

• Captain CROSFIELD exprosed his great pleasure at being present and listening to the excellent report from tne Secretary. lie was ,delighted to recognize the spirit that had prompted the workers of the Mission to undertake the League of Help, and he believed that the fruits of the work carried on by that League would be good. • A vote of thanks to the speakers, moved by Mr. T. DALE, and seconded by Mr. Homi, concluded the meeting, the Chairman being thanked for his services in the chair.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
ROLLER SKATING

Special Attractions at the Local Rinks.

-The seaside carnival held at the above .rink on Thursday evening was a pronounced success. The rink presented quite a gay festive appearance, being very prettily and tastefully decorated for the occasion with baskets of flowers, gaily coloured bunting, streamers and flags. The costumes of the ladies were very pretty and effective. One saw rolling round on the little wheels coons, pierrots, donkey drives, aviator, fortune tellers, midshipmen, boy scouts, seaside sultans, and "Kelly from the 1.0. M.." whose humorous attire and antics whilst rolling round preveds,great fun. The originality and smartest of the costumes made the task of the judges no light one, and finally the .awards were as follows :—Smartest costume : 1, Miss E. Owen; 2, Miss West; consolation prize, Miss A. Fairclough ; special prize, Miss Holbrook, fortune teller; original costume, gentlemen, Mr. Fearnley; two step competition, Master and Miss Hughes ; special prize two step, Miss Smith and Mr., Frodsham. The management of the Palatine Rink have made important reductions in prices. They have arranged a number of attractions in the near future, particulars of which will be found on our front page. Thursday was also a special night at the handsome new Enipire Rink, a series of interesting competitions being entered into with great zest. The management adopted the novel idea of allowing the public to judge by ballot and it proved completely successful. About 350 skaters pursued their Fascinating pastime and over fifty took part in the contests. The prizes were awarded to the following :—Lady and gent partners (graceful competition), 1, Miss Dolly Jones and Mr. Walton; 2, Miss Ormsby and Mr. W. H. Wadsworth; gentlemen's two step competition, 1, Mr. R. Atkinson; 2, Mr. W. H. Wadsworth; ladies' competition (graceful),-1, Miss Dolly Jones; 2,,Miss Ormsby. The competitions were open to residents within five miles of Warrington. Mr. Boothroyd, managing director, distributed the prizes which were supplied by Mr. J. Finlaysen. The recipients were warmly cheered. There is to be a carnival next Thursday, when vain- able prizes will be offered.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS. _ Fruit _Developments. _

There are two new developments to record in con- nection with the forthcoming municipal electibn, Councillor Thomas • Barton having retired from the representation of Whitecross Ward, owing to ill-health, his son,-Mr. James Thomas Barton, has acceded to the request of the Ward Committee to contest the seat in the Liberal interest. In his address Mr. Barton advocates the use of the open space off Lovely- lane for the provisions of a new school and recreation ground. In Fairfield Ward Mr. Charles Jackson Holmes has consented to become the Liberal candidate in opposition to Councillor G. N. Vernon (C.) Mr. James Shaw, of Lythgoe's-lane, has been invited to stand for St. Joan's Ward *hem Councillor Steel is the retiring representative, but he has not, yet given his decision.

The following is a list of the candidates who had, been nominated up to last evening. . .

Candidates nominated. Mr. W. H. J. Jenkins (C) Councillor Lord (1.) Whitecross „ Barton Mr. W. H. Belllan (C.) Mr. J. T. Barton (L) Bewsey „ Toole Conn. Toole (I.) Orford ~Cunnington ~Cumungton (L) St. John's „ Steel „ Steel (C.) Fairfield „ G. N. Vernon „ Vernon (C.) Mr.C.Jackson Holmes,[ Conn. Sankey (C.) „ Ashcroft (I.) „ Wilson (C.) Mr. T. Hewitt (L.)

Retiring Ward., Councillors. Town Hall Coun. Lord

Howley „ Sankey St. Austin's „ Ashcroft Latchford „ Wilson

===== 0002601_19091023_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
eURED to STAY URED

BLADDER DISORDERS, SEDI- MENT, AND A BAD BACK.

After 9 Years—Still Well.

Over 9 years ago, Mrs. Annie Goodman, of 125, Park-lane, Aston, Birmingham, said : "Ore day, whilst stooping about doing my housework, I was suddenly seized with sharp pain in the mcli. ;Following this, here were certain 'ladder troubles and !diment. "I have been try- ig Dosn's Backache .idney Pills' and am ;lad to say that they nave entirely cured me of my trouble. I feel quite a different woman now from what I was four Cured of Urinary months ago. Sediment and Back- (Signed) ache by Doan's Pills. "ANNIE GOODMAN."

OVER 9 YEARS LATER, Mrs. Goodman heartily endorsed the above, and added :—" I still bare the same good opinion of Doan's Backache Kidney Pills to-day. I was in a very tad way before they cured me."

"MY BACK USED TO FEEL AS IF I HAD BEEN BEATEN - WITH A STICK."

, - 0, a bi bi se in g 1 - Mrs. GOODMAN.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
GRAVEL AND DISTRESSING BLADDER TROUBLES.

After 8 Years—Still Well.

On May Bth, 1901, Mr. George Osborne, Ivy Cottage, Privet-road, Winton, Bournemouth, said: ".1 have had distressing bladder troubles for some two or three years past, especially gravel and incontin- ence of urine. "I found an im- provement after the very fi:st box of Doan's Backache Kidney Pills. I kept on with the medicine, and soon I regained control of the water, which was Mr. . quite clear and natural. Cured of Grarel and I look upon myself as Incontinence of Urine completely .cured." by Doan's Pills.

NEARLY 8 YEARS LATER Mr. Osborne said: "I have never had the le tat sign of the kidney and bladder trouble since Doan's Backache Kidney Pills cured me."

k -v- • OSBORN E

===== 0002601_19091023_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
URINARY TROUBLE-BACK- ACHE, ALWAYS TIRED.

After 10 Years—Still Well.

10 Years ago, Mrs. Armstrong, of 1, Proctor- gardens, Captain French-lane, Kendal, said: "For years I have been subject to attacks of backache. When I stooped I could hardly straighten myself; it was awful to try to turn in bed, and I hardly knew how to get up in the morning. I was nearly maddened with headaches, and used to come over very giddy. I always felt tared and miserable.

"After a thorough course of Doan's Back- ashe Kidney Pills I have cured myself; my back Is all right and my appetite good; there is Mrs. ‘ONG, no sediment in the water Cured of Headache, now like there used to Depression, and Rack- be, and I can bend about ache by Doan's Pills. without any pain." 10 YEARS LATER Mrs. Armstrong wrote: "What I said ten years ago about my cure was the truth, and I am glad to say I have had no return of my old complaint." Of all chemists and stores, 2s. 9d. per box,6 boxes 13s. 9d., or from Foster-McClellan CO, 8. Wells- street, Oxford-street, London, %V. Be sure you get the genuine DOAN'S.

years, having fought in the Eg3ptian war, and had also served in acertain police force, but bad to resign owing to ill-health.—Shaw said that Massey had asked him to remove the stuff, and he believed he had come by it honestly and thought he belonged to the firm.—Both prisoners were bound over under the First Offenders' Act to come up for judgment when called upon.

TuEsDAY.—Before Mr., H. Roberts (in the chair), Alderman Bolton, J. Rymer Young, and C. Jackson

Holmes.

THEFT OF ELECTRIC GLOBES.—Prank Hammond, labourer, Wilderspool-road, was charged with stealing, on the 2nd October, two electric globes, of the value of 18s„ the property of Mr. Harry Bibby, also two globes, the property of Mr. Thomas Daintith.—The Chief Constable stated the facts of the case, which the Bench considered proved, and sent Hammond to gaol for three months with bard labour. MAKING FALSE STATEMENTS.—Margaret Tiokle, Of 21 Gee-street, was charged with making false statements to a relieving officer of the Warrington Union. Mr. Shearer prosecuted on behalf of the Guardians and stated that the wife stated that her husband was only receiving 13s. a week, whereas his average wages were £1 6s. Od. She was fined ss.—John Hickey,Hoyle-street and Elizabeth Hart,"%nutsford-road, were charged with similar offences, and were fined ss. and 10s. respectively. WEDNESDA Y.—Before J. W. Hayward in the chair and other magistratev. REFRACTORY PAUPERS.—Three pauper inmates of the Workhouse named George Roach, Thomas Bate, and Thomas Williams were charged with neglecting to perform their allotted task. Roach was given a task of breaking 100%1. of stone, but he only managed about half. Bate and Williams were set to pick three pounds of oakum each, but only about half a pound each was the fruit of their labour. Roach and Williams were each sent to gaol for 14 days and Bate was committed for 21 days.

• WASH-HOUSE ROBBERY.—AIfred Allcock, hairdresser Wash-lane, was charged with stealing articles of lady's underclothing from a wash house at the rear of Spring- field-street on Sunday night. On Sunday night Mr. Weaver the prosecutor saw a man run out of the yard. He gave chase and in response to cries of "stop thief" P.C. Armstrong effected a capture and brought prisoner to the police station. A number of articles was found in the vicinity,, the prisoner evidently having thrown them away wfien chased. The Chief Constable remarked it was a peculiar case there being no reason why the prisoner should have stolen the things. The magistrates bound him over under the Probation of Offenders Act.

A DRUMMER BOY'S OFFENCE.—George Roberts, a drummer boy in the South Lancashire Regiment, stationed at Orford Borracks, was remanded for a week in connection with the theft of a suit of clothes, the property of the military authorities, and a bicycle value 0, the property of Peter Forshaw. The Chief Constable explained that an adjournment was necessary in order to communicate with the London police f,Jr the recovery if possible of the bicycle. •

THURSDAY.—Before Mr. Charles White (in the chair), and Messrs. J. Rymer Young, W. Roberts, W. T. William and J. Upson. HEN ROOST ROBBED: OWNER WANTED.—SamueI Warburton, lodging in Ship-yard, was charged with stealing seven fowl value 2.05., the property of some person yet unknown. It was stated by the Chief Constable that P.C. Berry was proceeding along Restock-street, when he saw prisoner carrying a bag. On seeing the officer, prisoner dropped the bag and bolted. He succeeded in getting away but later in the day he was arrested. A remand was granted for seven days to enable the police to find the owner. AN INCORRIGIBLE RoY.—Harry Forster, who was before the court last week, charged with stealing a purse containing 6s. in money and some Canadian dollar postal orders, the property of Diana Warren, Elaine-street, was again remanded with a view to his committal to a reformatory school. The boy called at the house of..the prosecutor during the absence of Mrs. Warren and obtained from her I.ttle daughter a purse containing the money, etc.

ql)s. • L r 4, 4 .s• Ap. `MSTR

===== 0002601_19091023_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
After 10 Yeara—Still Well.

In 1899, Mrs. Eliza Bell, of 27a, Colertige-place, Otley-road, Bradford, said : " For two or three years I have suffered from pains across the loins end a bad back. Some- times I felt just as if I had been beaten with a stick. "I could scarcely stoop, and how to dress myself in the morning I hardly knew. After trying many remedies without any benefit, I hem using Doan's Backache Kidney Pills. I was soon greatly relieved of the , _ pains, and ever since then I have kept alto- -3lrs. BELL. gether better in myself. Cured of Pains. in I can heartily recom- the Loins and Back mend Doan's Backache by Doan's Pills. Kidney Pills. (Signed) (Mrs.) "E. BELL."

In 1909—THE TENTH YEAR AFTER HER CURE—Mrs. Bell said: "I am glad to tell you I still keep in good health."

,tV:* ••• •, .••• • =

• •"7.'" • ~* -"" - - `P- • t 7 R,e• :Y„,t; ' • • :4, • e.,* • V,' 4.-- ',PIA,. ". PP ‘4l .. ../•••• fr. •. . • 1(6 I` •

===== 0002601_19091023_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
SIX MONTHS FOR SHOP BREAKING.

At the Borough Police Court on Tuesday Frank Tracey, living with his mother in Catherine-street, was charged with breaking and entering the lock up shop of William Shield, pawnbroker, of 139, Bewsey-road and stealing goods to the value of £8 17s. 6d.—Mr. T. S. Steel appeared for prisoner and pleaded guilty.—Tbe Chief Constable stated that at a quarter to three on Monday morning the 11th inst. Mr. Wright, butcher, residing next doot, heard a noise in Mr. Shield's shop. On looking through the shop window, he saw the prisoner crouching down. Mr. Shield was sent for and on unlocking the door the prisoner bolted.— Mr. Shield gave chase and with the assistance of the night watchman, succeeded in capturing him, and banded him over to P.C. Burrows. On the way to the Police Station, prisoner threw a skeleton key away which on tieing tried in a door at the rear of Mr. Shield's shop, opened it. On arriving at the Police Station be was searched and the property found in his possession. There was a further charge preferred against prisoner of breaking and entering the shop of William Tinton, next door to Mr. Shield's, but as there was not sufficient evidence, the charge would be with- drawn.—Mr. Steel said that prisoner was only 20 years of age and joined the army two years ago. Whilst in the army he was charged with being concerned in a robbery from the officer's mess, and he was given 12 months under the Borstal system. He had only been released a little over a month. He was discharged from the army with ignominy. Since he came out he had only been in casugl employment and had been drinking. Concluding he hoped the Bench would deal with prisoner leniently so that on being liberated he would be able to help to support his widowed mother.—A sentence of six months was passed.—Prisoner left the dock smiling.—Joseph Tracey (prisoner's brother), was also charged mith breaking into the same shop on the same date.—Mr. Steel, who appeared on his behalf, pleaded that he might be discharged, as be was the only support of his mother.—Tbe Chief Constable stated that as the evidence was rather scanty, the police had no objection to Mr. Steel's proposals.—Tracey was accordingly bound over until December 21st, to come up for judgment if called upon. _

-••- •• • 3,c• `,* •_ - c- , • = 11 t e Q ouavrs

===== 0002601_19091023_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Borough Court.

SATURDAY.—Before Messrs. J. W. Hayward (in the chair), A. J. Jolley: T. Pemberton, J. Upson, and

Councillor Dr. Josejoh. " RIFLED HIS Poc K rrs."—Peter Sculley, 14, Gandy- street, and John Broderick, Barbauld-street, were charged with having stolen the sum or is. 2d. in money from the person of John Rush, of Burtonwood.—The Chief Constable stated that at about a quarter to eleven the previous night prosecutor was in the Lion Hotel Vaults. Prisoners were inside and asked prosecutor to " treat " them to a pint of beer each. This prosecutor refused to do. He then went outside and when he bad got as far as Ship-yard he saw the prisoners coming towards him. He turned down the entry to avoid them, but prisoners followed him, Broderick caught hold of his arm and neck, while Sculley rifled his pockets of the sum of is. 2d. Prosecu- tor managed to get away and be informed P.C. Hayes. When at the Police Station the prisoner Sculley struck the Constable a most violent blow on the face.—John Rush corroborated.—P.C. Hayes said that he had been informed by prosecutor he went to the Lion Hotel Vaults and there saw prisoners with a glass of beer each before them. When at the Police Station Sculley struck him in the face. Both prisoners denied the theft, and Sculley, alleged that P.C. Hayes bad assaulted him.— Sculley, who made his 44th appearance, was sent to gaol for six months with hard labour, while Broderick, who had appeared 21 times previously, was sent to gaol for three months. Sculley : Thanks, 1 can do it on my head.

31oNDAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Alderman Smethurst, Councillors Wilkinson and Locker and Messrs. S. Wright, H. Thornton, W. Roberts and W. Furness.

THE THEFTS FROM MONKS HALL'S WORKS.—JOSOph Mysisey, 57, Liverpool-road, and John Shaw, 57, Welling- ton-street, were again charged with having stolen a cpientity of brass and steel, value 455., the property of Messrs. Monks Hall and Co., some time between September 30th and October 9tb.—The Chief Constable said both men were employed by Messrs. Monks Hall and Co. The property had been taken from one part of the works to the other on a cart, and had been sold without having left the premises. Mr. Steel, who represented Massey, stated that the adjournment had been granted in order that a certain course with regard to Massey might be adopted. That course had been taken, and prisoner had been examined by Dr. Ferguson. He (Mr. Steel) asked them to take the evidence of the doctor in private, not only on account of prisoner, but also on behalf of the public.—Tbe Bench retired, and on prisoners again coming into Court, Mr. Steel stated that this was a case which be thought might be leniently dealt with. He would like to acknowledge the kindness shown to the prisoner Massey by the prosecutors. Mr. Fred Monks and Mr. Monks, sen., had always taken a deep interest in she man, who bad previously borne a good character. He had been in the Army for seven

===== 0002601_19091023_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
PALACE AND lIIPPODROME.

There was a very bright show this week at the Palace and Hippodrome, though there is natural dis- appointment at the absence of Winifred Ward, well known and billed as "the finmaccnlate boy." The Buster Browns are a superior .troupe of American vocalists and dancers, whose work is cordially appre- ciated. Their combined cinematograph dance at the end was very clever and effective. Hayes and Merritt are the worlds's champion bounding trampolinists— whatever that means. The turn is not at all mysterious however. Hayes and Merritt are a couple of servant acrobats with a bounding net beneath them, and by the aid of which they perform some remarkable feats of strength and dexterity. Charles North is an actor-vocalist of high merit, and his rendering of a couple of Kipling's Barrack Room Ballads was worthy of a more cultivatad andience. " Gunga Dheen " was especially fine and well merited the hearty applause which followed. Karr and Rooney appear as comedians in scarlet. They are one of the smartest pairs at cross-talking seen here for some time and keep the audience in a ripple of laughter. Harry Cotton a comedian of the eccentric type. makes a capital impression with his imitation of "One of the old Guard." Bessie Foy, vocalist and raconteur, has a good reception and Vent and Earl contrive to amuse with their musical comedy sketch. The Palace Pictures enchain the attention of the audience to the end.

jALL ,RIGHTS RESERVED.]

===== 0002601_19091023_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, October 23, 1909

" Oh, yes, I know; you will be borrib!7 frowningly severe, and take a positive delight ID crushing all the-". _ _ _ _

" Theie's Milly Wright," I suggested. " Yes, dear—frowsy, baby-faced Milly! But I do wish she wouldn't wear her hair short. It does make her look so awfully—but--er—didn't you and Milly used to be rather—well, rather nice _to each other?"

"Oh, bosh ! "

" No', it isn't bosh ! "

" I tell you, Mary, most solemnly-" "You never do anything in any other way. But it's off, isn't it?"

What's 'off? " "Your niceness with Milly."

if you like; but I assure you—" "Don't! I'm getting quite used to your as. surances. We'll risk it, so down goes Mill,; and if I catch you taking her into any quiet corner just to &hew her how the plants are growing—" _

" Wh-at, with fifty people in these rooms?" "Oh ! stupid, do let's get on. You're an awful hindrance. I could have had half the liSt made out if it hadn't been for your inter- ruptions."

Yes, and invited all the good-looking, _ _

" I would at least have shown my ap. preciation of the beautiful, which is perhaps more than you would do had you the selec,tion of the girls. I never knew a man like you, who sees attractions in girls whom nobody else would ever think of-"

I suppose that's the reason I took such a fancy to you—out of pity, you know, just be- cause nobody .else 7- .

"You stupid, give over. Your sarcasm is very poor _stuff."

I don't know how many times we quarrelled during those three hours Mary and I were mak- ing out the list. 1 believe I called her a con- ceited little creature, and I'm quite sure she called me an unfeeling brute. Twice the en- gagement was broken off for ever and for ever. and .we regretted we had met one another; and then Mary threw a cushion at me to &hew her spite, and then I 'kissed .her just to shew I was master; and then—well, we. did manage to get the list made out towards midnight. If I hadn't been engaged to Mary it's likely she would have treated me with respect. But simply because I had honoured her by .asking ber to change the name of Morrison to Franklin she thought she possessed the right of ordering me about like a footman, and bullying me and telling me my faults in the presence of other people. She was always polite to other men; that is why I think she must have been very much__in love with me.

"I'll want you to come. and help in the after- noon," she said, as the "At Home" hove in sight.

-"I won't be any good. I can't arrange cakes on plates, and if you want any scrubbing done I think the servants might once in a way-" 'Oh! but the servants can't more the piano, and it's no good getting in a man when you are about. Besides, Eve hired a lot of palms and plants, and I'm going to have them nicely ar- ranged in my particular I;ttle den, the one that gives you such a magnificent view of the Dis- trict Railway, and I'm going to have a num- ber of nice little fairy lamps-" "Oh, that will be distinctly original," I mut- tered.

"Will it, Mr. Quiz? Well, if it won't be original it'll be pretty." So I had to go along to the flat and work like a nigger. Of course, I was blamed as a cumber- some nuisance who was only in the way, and who would have conferred a distinct service by not helping at all. I moved the piano too near the 'wall; my arrangement of the plants was simply preposterous, for it could be seen with half an eye, said Mary, that the proper place for the settee was behind the greenery and not in front of it. Else what would be the good of an alcove at all if it didn't shut off the view? I did not know, and as I began to have a head- ache I did not inquire. I had to go to the greengrocer man and cart off some fruit, a thing which made me ashamed, for I knew every woman in the street was restraining a laugh till she got past me. ' With a yell Mary re.membered she had for- gotten to order any milk. Off I had to go to the dairy in the next street to tell them to be sure to send round an extra quart. I suggested to Mary that perhaps she would like me to bring it back with me in a can, and she -was heartless enough to reply that I mit,rht bring it in a paper bag if I liked. "And now you can run off home and drew, but be sure to be back early before the guests begin to arrive," she said..

" But aren't you going to give me a cup of tea after all this work?" I gasped. "No, I can't, for all the cups and saucers we have are laid out in the dining-room ready for to-night." "But I'm simply dying—" "Well, you can call at an A. B. C. place, and get alive again. Off you go!" i • I call that base ingratitude. A man would never put up. with it even from his wife. But when a man is only engaged, he inisees the kind, flattering attention of young ladies, who think he ought to be engaged, and he does not re- ceive the respect wkich, as a married man, he will be entitled to some day. Of course, the "At Home" was a failure. That, however, didn't prevent everybody, in- cluding myself, saying it was most enjoyable. Mary was radiant. I felt inclined to tell her she was charming, but I would only have been snubbed for my pains. The red gown—l think she said it was a sort of a neutral shade—suited her so well, and the poppy among her unruly black hair was delightful. I went early. As no guests had arrived, I wanted to take Mary in my arms and say—but, oh dear no! I was forbidden on pain of eternal penalties to oome within a yard of her. She hadn't put on her dress simply to be crushed! And then the big sleeves always betrayed one, didn't they? It looks so bad when you wander in from the conservatory and one of the sleeves of the lady's dress is pressed flat against the shoulder. It makes people laugh more than when you eater a ballroom with your trousers turned up. The Framptons were the first to arrive, the four of them, and that awful Tithe' amongst them, and their mother, a pompous lady who, after inspecting me through her glasses, said, in a most audible tone: "So that's him, is it? What a plain young man!" Mary couldn't openly resent the remark. She claimed a monopoly in advertising my defici- encies, and when anybody poached on her pre- serves in this direction she always became par- ticularly loving, and called me a stupid old dear whatever a stupid old dear may be. Mrs. Frampton kept most of her girls round her all the evening, for which I was thankful. The younger Miss Frampton was given to levity, and her mother always reprimanded, her by remarking: "My de-ar, do remember!" Then the younger Miss Frampton would smirk and say: "Oh, ma!" All the women came first., which was a bore. Some of the girls I knew; many of them I didn't. They all looked at me as a sort of wonderful animal, because I had the audacity of being en- gaged to Mary Morrison. I let Mary manage the introductions. "Torn, dear, let me introduce you to Miss Teddington—Miss Teddington, Mr. Tom Frank- lin! Now be agreeable, Tom"; and then she bustled off as there was congestion in the hall. I'm never, good at talking to ladies I've just met, yet I managed to say the usual things one says on such occasions—that the stairs were rather a big climb; that I hadn't been to tho theatre for some time lately; no, I didn't think the Academy was up to the average this year; oh! yes, I had heard it was an interesting book, but I hadn't had time to read it y'Ft; it was quite likely I would be going north in Septem- ber; oh, indeed, yes, the weather had been terrible; well, that depends on whether Surrey was up to its usual form, but I didn't know much about cricket; no, not till the late autumn; we hadn't decided where we would go yet, but I left it to Mary; it would be a very quiet affair—only half-a-dozen friends or so; well, of course, we w6uld both be charmed to see Miss Teddington; and so on. The drawing-room was already overflowing, but I was thankful when a few men arrived. I picked one for myself, and then introduced the others to some fair ones. "Oh, Tom dear, here's Major Flanigan whom we knew in Dublin," said Mary, all excitement, introducing me to a red-faced, white-haired, stiff-backed old fellow. "Delighted! delighted, I'm sure," he ex- claimed, nearly twisting my arm off at the elbow. "And so you are going to marry Mary." I do so dislike people calling ladies by their Christian names in the presence of other people. "I think you'll get on all right with the Major, Toni dear," said the little mistress of the household, as she passed me, leading long Sam Sadler to the two Misses Blake, who were thin and scraggy, and consequently wore low-necked dresses. "Oh, yea, Mary, thank yoq," I answered back. "Dear, dear! and I knew her father," said the Major. "You never knew her father?" "No, I never had that honour." "What a dev—what a beggar of a boy he was, to be sure! Ah! we did have some times in Cork, but that was long before you or Mary were thought of. Why, I remember the day she was born. What a soaking we did have! Ha, Ha! And so you're going to marry her, you young dev—dog, you!" " Let me introduce you to my aunt: She will 70 29U100 et u otu nool OH lnocro on -sepntilua SUM eq purr 'fauna eiotussed °mut •uiqjo pu 102 poti luotpa poltOnop Mt I puv DIV 9 ..'ooumulinbog no olinu PoltißiloP eq

===== 0002601_19091023_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
WHEN MARY WAS "AT HOME."

BY JOIN FOSTER FRASER, Author of "When Mary and I were Wed," "A Woman of Fire," "Round the World on a Wheel," "The Real Siberia," itc.

When the world had been duly apprised that Mary and I were an engaged couple, and after people had finished wondering • what we were to live on, and observations had ceased at after- noon teas that Mary had simply thrown herself away, and that I was ruining all my prosper& at the Bar, Mary got it into her little head so, would be nice to give an "At Home." Her object was to put me on exhibition before all her girl friends and make them jealous. "You- see, dear," she explained, when I raised an objection, "aunt is quite willing, and it needn't cost much. Of course, our flat is a very tiny place, but that won't make any difference. I don't think we need invite more than fifty friends."

"Where on earth are you going to put them? There's hardly 4room for you and your aunt to turn round, and that's why. you and I always occupy the same easy-chair, isn't it—just to save room?" ,

Oh, but you don't understand," she said, in a flutter. "It's wonderful how many people you can cram into a flat." "You cram them flat sometimes, I know. You haven't enough chairs to accommodate a third of them."

" What do you want chairs for, silly, at an 'At Home '? ' Aren't there the walls in the hall where the men can lean against, and can't the women sort of camp out on the—on the floor? It's often done."

"Oh, yes, I know it's done," I acknowledged, with painful recollections. "But can you afford it? You know it'll be awfully expensive!"

"Now, you know nothing whatever about it," she said, slowly, beating time to her words with a finger within an inch of my face. "You see, all we need get is some sponge-cake--" "Oh, sponge-cake!" I sighed in dismay. "You .needn't say 'Oh, sponge-cake!' for ye.. always eat a horrid lot of it wsenever you have the chance. Why, at Mrs. Merryweather's last Thursday, the way you ate sponge-cake was per- fectly-" "And what else?"

"We'll have to get a few bottles of lemonade. Then we can buy some cheap claret—l don't think any of the girls would like strong claret, do you?—and we can mix it up, and then there will be claret cup. And then we can get a pound or so of little cakes—nice little—little—" 'lndigestible things, made of butter and covered with sugar stuff, and with a greengage stuck in .the middle. I know them."

"I wish you wouldn't interrupt. The way you constantly interrupt me is most rude. You used to sit and never say a word. If you're so shock- ingly impolite while we're engaged, I wonder what you'll be like hen-" "But, my dear-" "Well, nuisance, what is it?" And she stuck her little hands against her little waist, and looked up at me with an air of indignant resignation:

"I was just going to say, dear, that you can't expect my men friends to put up with—with sponge-cake and diluted claret." "Oh, indeed! I suppose you would like me to get in brandy and soda, a few dozen bottles, eh, so that the place will be like a—a• taproom? Of course, auntie would allow that, wouldn't she? Perhaps you would like me to get in a lot of pipes and cigars, so that they might fill the house with horrid—"

"I do think they might like a—a cigarette the course of the evening, for, you know, a man can hardly be expected to—" "Well, Tom Franklin, Esquire, you needn't think you're going to bring a lot of your nasty, guzzling, smoky, smelling men here. If they want to smoke they can go out on the staircase. Yes, they'd better go out on the staircase. It'll be such fun hearing the two old maids over us coughing." I knew all the fellows would cut me dead if I invited them to an "At Home" where there was nothing decent to drink. And I knew they, would cut me if I didn't invite them. So what was I to do?

It's a terribly dangerous thing for it. man to have anything to do with an "At Home." He's sure to give mortal offence to a dozen folks. I know Sadler always gets out of the difficulty at his wife's affairs by surreptitiously sidling up to a guest, and while looking at an ornament, whis- pering. "Take anything?" "Rather, but just a drop ! " "Then come with me." and the pair glide through the throng, pretending to look in- nocent. Sadler takes them into a cupboard, about three feet square, called a larder, and they always come out wiping their lips. I felt, therefore, I would have to do some- thing of the kind, by bribing the servant, and thus save the reputation of my future wife and her aunt.

So I said, "Oh. yes, very well; it's your 'At Home,' not mine."

"Oh. I'm quite willing to take all responsi- bility for any catastrophes that may occur!" And Mary glared at me and played a tattoo on the piano-top, and muttered something about somebody always taking a delight in throwing cold water on any little scheme she had taken the trouble to think out. I apologised, and offered to help her to make out the invitations.

"I suppose we don't want any old fogeys?" she inquired. "No, I think not." I replied; "except, per- haps, my aunt. She'll be able to talk with your aunt, and they can get in a corner and tell each other about our naughty little ways when we were juct so high." "Oh. yes; that will be delightful." • "Well, now, who else?" "Of course, I'll have to invite the From/Iton girls?" "What! those frights? I exclaimed. _ _ _ _ _

"Well, they are - frights I admit, dear." said Mary. apologetically; "but their father's awfully rich, and they have just asked in a mild sort of way What I should like them to give me when I—that is, when we are--"

"Oh, well. then, -you'd better," I said, dejec- tedly; "but I do hope that Ethel girl will have the mumps or a prior engagement, so that she will have to be—what is it?—exceedingly sorry that she cannot avail herself of the pleasure of— and so on. Did you ever see such a waist?" "It isn't a waster," and Mary giggled. I frowned. "My dear girt" I said, "I wish you wouldn't try to be funny. I suppose you intended that for a pun. Well, I can only tell you it was a most atrocious—" "All tight, all right, old disagreeable; anu who next?" _

"Well, there's Bert Wallis." d Oh, you mean the Mr. Wallis I met at the Gilmours, with beautiful hair and soft,' dreamy eyes. Oh, yes, do let us ask him. He is simply lovely." _ _

" Oh--er, by the way, I think—er—that Wallis has an engagement for that evening." "How sad, and I did so want to—but are you sure he has an engagement?" _

--.l`lle- didn't exactly tell me he had an engage- ment, but er—l gathered—that is, I had the um- pre e "Well, invite him any vvay I " said Mary, Isvenll—, w decisively. "No. I don't think so." "But why?" "Well, I don't think he's exactly the sort of fellow you would/care to—"

my dear boy. I know what_ it is. You're jealous!"

"No I'm not!" - "Yes you are!" "Jealous, indeed, of a curly-haired, effetnin. ate, wax—er--" "Well, he's courteous to ladies, and that's more than can be said of somebody I know," and Mary sat bolt upright in her chair. _ . . .

"f tell you w.hai. it is, if you invite Wallis, Polly Blythe will also be invited." "Oh, the wind blows that way, does it. I always thought you liked Polly Blythe, the pale-faced, fluffy-headed thing!" • "No I don't!" I declared.

"Oh. you—you fibber! If you're sp fond oi her, why don't you go to her now? I'm sure she'd be very glad to have you, and I know I'd be—very glad to—to—" "No, it's no good crying, Mary," I said, de- termined, to be firm.

"I'm not—l'm not crying," she sobbed, wiping her eyes with a four-inch square piece of thin muslin she called a handkerchief._

"Then why don't you put that thing away ! " "Because I've got a speck or something in my eye." "1 daresay. Well, look here, we'll not invite either Wallis or Polly Blythe, and then we're quits." " Right! " shouted Mary, like a woman who has scalped someone, and then she dashed her pen into the ink-pot. The ink flew up and her fingers were all dirty. She was about to wipe them on her handkerchief, but I gave a gasp, and she desisted. Then she turned up the bottom of her frock and wiped them cu the lin- ing. That was so like a woman. "It won't shew there, dear," . she said, with. a smile, just as though I appreciated her. device. She put her elbows on the table, stuck the pen in her mouth, looked across at me, and tried to appear businesslike. Next? "

"Well," I said, "you'd better rush in all vour girl friends. It will be your only onnor- tunny, tor in the Suture rau needn't expect our house is going to be a place of resort for the ;onsumption of chocolate."

===== 0002601_19091023_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
the coat, and said he was not at all surprised I had forsaken the club. He would forsake a dozen clubs if only he had the chance of- _

Jim Va-r-diery-i«Clie.ci doleful, and said he sup- posed he ought to congratulate me. Miss Morri- son was a charming girl, but—hang it all! 1 e did think—

There were several mammas present. I sup- pose mammas are a necessity, but I don't see why they should have got hold of my only rela- tive—as yet—in the world, my dear old aunt, and get her to tell them about my habits; for young men are not what they used to be, all no!

Naw, there was-Mrs. Piper, who came with her daughter Matilda, whom I should think waii quite old enough to look after herself. She laid hold of my excited and bright- cheeked little girl and began cautioning her ;.n. a loud voice on the importance of the step she was about to take.

" My dear, I'M afraid it'll not be all so happy as you think. Dear me, no! Your aunt tells me he belongs to three clubs. Does he? Dear me! You'll have to stop that, you know. Life's a sad world. I never thought when I married my husband—but there, why should I trouble you with my .sorrows? I would get Mr.—what's his name—Franklin to arrange his_ hair diff?r- ently ! But I suppose he won't take advice. Dear me! men won't nowadays. Ah ! my dear, when you're as old as I am you'll understand— well, well, I suppose I will have gone then, dear me! Oh, y3s, thank you; the first room on the right. Yes. just a little—a very little— lemonade. Come, dear, and have some refresh- ments. Dear me! there are a number of people here."

• "Why didn't you take her outside and drop her over the banniFters?" I asked my lady witn the poppy in her hair. "Fudge!" said Mary. _ _

Miss -Emsley was asked to sing. She really didn't feel as though she could! She really nev‘r expected she would be asked! Then she pro- duced a roll of music she had brought with her, and sang. It was dreamy and hushy ! Young Wilkins and Sophie Waller were crushed on each side the singer, and all the time Miss Emsley was whispering that the baby had better go to sleep all bef•ause of something that happened on the banks of some river—l know it was sweet, but slightly mixed—,they were. carry- ing on an outrageous • flirtatian over her head. But Miss Ernsley didn't mind. Everybody said it was beautiful, and the Misses Frampton wanted to know what it was called, and who were tl:e publishers, and whether the usual redo: tion was allowed on the price? • . _ .

In the hubbub I took two of the fellOws into the kitchen. Jane 'yoked shocked when I I°4l her to t ring out the whisky. But she brought it out. " I shouted.

" There ain't none, sir! They'm all in use in the dining-room." " Well, I'll.. let's have cups." "There's only breakfastcups, sir, all the others are-"

"Come on, then, let's have breakfastcups. Could you do with a breakfastcup of Sctoch, Jim?"

"I d :n't think I could manage—whoa, that's enough."_ _

"Not bfitf bad,"_ said Jack Brown

"Not s word of this to Miss Morrison, you know, Sam" "But she _ knows, sir."

" Knows?"

"'Yes. sir, she saw. the bottle, sir."

"What on earth did she say?"

"Not much, sir. She thoug.ht it was me, sir, an' when I told her she laughed and said she supposed men were all alike, and—and that pro- bably they couldn't live if they didn't drink." " That's all right. And nbw for a cigarette!" We went out on the landing to have a smoke. There was Percy Ormsley and one of these Frampton girls sitting on the steps. Ormsley!" "Oh, hullo! We've just come out for a moment. It's a bit hot in there." " Yes, it is a bit."

"Think we'd better go back now," he said to the Frampton girl, and then, as he passed us, he gave us a kick. We were sorry to have spoilt his sport, but—well, he would be a fool if he went and married one of the Frampton girls. I never did care for "At Homes," but I was as cheerful and amiable as I could be if only for Mary's sake. It was voted a great success, only I noticed some folks went away rather early.

When the handshaking came, everybody over- loaded Mary with their thanks. " It has been so enjoyable." "Really. it has been delightful." "I don't remember when I enjoyed myself so much."

Well, good-bye; I'm awfully glad I came. Give my love to your aunt. Will anybody find me a cab? Thank you 1 "

"Oh! you sweet girl. It was so good of you to invite me. Ta, ta!"

Then the men

• "I'll have to clear now. Awfully pleasant evening, old man. Congratulate you! But come round to Wilkins to-morrow night and meet the same old—well, you know, the same old crowd. Good-night, ,Miss Morrison; I have been greatly honoured."

"Where the—where the—where is my hat? I know it was perched on the corner of the baro- meter. What! .this it? No, never! Well, it has been a bit trod on, hasn't it? You really think it is mine? Well, tra-la-la, you fellows!"

"Good-bye; but you talie`m3 tip: It's a safe thing. Nothing safer. Going my way, Ormsley? All right; share a hansom with you." "Well, be good! You. know, I knew her father. ha, ha! Ah! you young dev—dog!" And When it was all over I put my feet on the lounge in the drawing-room and lit a cigar. I was certain Mary would have a fit when she wit- nessed such desecration. But she didn't. She got me another cushion, and then screwed herself on the edge of the lounge among my feet. "And is the poor boy' tired?" "He is!''

"But it's been an awfully jolly evening." "Awfully jolly!" "You didn't flirt with a single girl." "That was rather good of me, wasn't it?" "Yes; but I suppose it was a terrible trial!" "Terrible! You don't mind me smoking?" " No! We'll leave the window open all night to get rid of it." "Haw—haw!" I yawned. "how rude of you! Do you think this dress suits me?"

"Splendidly!" " Well, you'll have to be going soon now, for auntie will be dreadfully weary. However, you can run in in the morning and see how we are. You like these sleeves?"

"Oh. they're all right; but, you know, they prevent a fellow—er—" 'A fellow what?"

" Well, getting within a yard of you. You're always so precious frightened of having the sleeves crushed r" "Am I? Well—l'm not now! Ah, ha! How slow you are to take a hint. Now, silly!" I threw my cigar out of the window, to the great delight of a passing constable. It was the best part when all the others haZ cruet

[THE ENDI

===== 0002601_19091023_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
BILLIARDS.

CHURCH CLUB BILLIARD LEAGUE.

WIDNES NO. 1 v. WIDNES NO. 2.—First T43IIMS at Waterloo-road. WIDNES NO 1.

WIDNES NO. 2. J. Benbow W. Bromley W. Stanley lOO W. Owen Jno. Penney L. Cohen lOO F. Bingham Jos. Penney

600 Majority for No. 1 Team, 267. Second Teams at Hutchinson-street :

J. T. Hills T. Hughes NV. Oxman H. Harper W. Hartles 75 .1. Brassington J. W. Hughes 47 F. Wareing 75

422 Majority for No. 1 Team 161 pte.

WALKERS' V. WRITECROSS.—WaIker's Brewery billiard team played their first match (since the club's inauguration) on Thursday with the Whitecross Social Club team as their opponents. The teams consisted of 10 players aside, and resulted ima very easy win for the Whitecross team who in a great many games showed marked superiority over Walkers' players. For visitors J. Davies, T. Corless, and T. Gleave plaied exceedingly well and gave their respective opponents good beatings. For the home team W. Allen, T. Heacock and F. Rogers played well, and in two cases just managed to win by narrow margins. The games terminated about 10.30, and everybody expressed the opinion that they had spent a very enjoyable evening. WALKER'S

===== 0002601_19091023_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
WHITRCROSs.

NV. Allen lO A Perry B5 W. Weedall W. Wright . 4l T. Gleave A. Baird 39 T. Corless T. H. Pretty (Captain) 29 J. Davies T. Griffin T. Heacock E. Rogers C.turner NV. Bolton 67 A Binks

716 Majority for the visitors 2GI points.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
WAYSIDE NOTES. A Gilbertian Sub-Committee.

[BY A CORRESPONDENT.] The Sites and Buildings Sub-Committee of the Education Committee has succeeded in carrying its resolution to build the largest school in Warrington on the site of Graces pottery. This we are told is "the finest site in Warrington for a school." Ye gods! to what extraordinary hands are the health_ and education of our children committed. Already this Comic Opera Committee has decided to build a large school on the verge of Sankey brook. It is said that political prisoners in Spain are sometimes, with refined cruelty, placed in dungeons through which there is an open sewer. The Govern- ment of course is soon relieved of its prisoner by typhoid. But in Warrington more than 1,000 innocent children are to spend their school lives on the very verge of a sluggish stream loaded with filth. These children at any rate cannot be guilty of politics, unless it be—terrible thought—that warned by the folly, the self-seeking, the blindness of the city fathers the young rascals will grow up to be Socialists. If so, well, open sewers are useful;

* * * But this latest scheme out-Herod's-Heroa.. The site itself is one of the many bad bargains • the Council-has made. It is said that any- one might have had the land as a gift if he would pay the ground rent upon it. Whether this is so or no, the Education Committee will be saddled with a heavy ground rent for all time. The advocates of the site lay stress upon the fact that the. _ land already belongs to the town. As a matter of fact it would pay the town to give the land away. At any rate the Council will be glad enough to push its exceedingly bad bargain upon the Education Committee, adding of course to the Education rate, and giving the Councillors the opportunity of lamenting with copious tears the growing cost of Education. * * *

How many of our readers have been in this neighbourhood . recently we wonder? It would be exceedingly educative to take a tram ride to the terminus at Longford, get out, and wait for the next tram back. This would be quite long enough, and about as much as the ordinary citizen could stand without restoratives. The district is a dreary swamp, in many cases a considerable depth below the road- way. Black, filthy mud, semi-solid water, render building impossible. These Solons of the Sites and Buildings Committee see in imagination a rapid development- of building taking place around the new school similar to the growth around the Beamont School. " Their's not to reason why,:' etc.

But the atmosphere! Rich is not the word. Why not build a School of Science in this neighbourhood? The students would have unparalleled opportunities for analysis of vapours; mal-odorous gases and floating organic matter. The Longford Depot, the Gas Works, other similar and no doubt necessary processes tend to give the -whole atmosphere of this district a strength, a • pungency, a power of penetration, which once inhaled becomes a life-long memory. We believe the inhabitants of this district have again and again petitioned the Health Committee for an abate- ment of the various nuisances which render life almost unbearable. They state that the atmosphere is so ba,d, that they can neither "eat, work, nor sleep. It is on this site then, and in this atmosphere that the largest school is to be built. To it are to be brought the children in the new district of the , Whitecross Ward,—the Lovely-lane district. How long will White- cross Ward maintain its enviable prominence of having the lowest death rate if 600 of its children are to spend six hours each day this asphyxiating atmosphere? It is also to relieve the new district around the Beamont School. It cannot supply the needs of any but a comparatively small number of childrep in its immediate neighbourhood, for there is only a small number of children there !

* * We have already one school named after the Chairman of the Sites and Buildings Committee and cannot very well have another. We venture however, to make. a suggestion. This School should be named "Bolton's Folly."

===== 0002601_19091023_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
THREE DONT'S FOR WEAK STOMACHS.

IF YOU HAVE INDIGESTION IN ANY FORM THERE ARE THREE THINGS YOU MUST NOT DO, THREE THINGS YOU MUST GUARD AGAINST: IN OTHER WORDS-THREE DONTS,

If you have indigestion, .loss of appetite, sour stomach, bele,hing, sour witery risings, headaches, sleeplessness, lack of ambition, nausea and other symptoms pecul6r to all stomach troubles, there are three things you mutt not do, First—Don't neglect your stothach by letting it take care of itself, because it will constantly grow worse. Second—Don't use cheap "tonics, " drugs " and " pills," which simply irritate and inflame the stomach and intestines, and which will ruin your health completely; and Third—Don't starve yourself, Jbecause by so doing you are robbing the body of its proper nourishment.

_ _ A large number of people do one of these three foolish things. That's \-hy they never regain their former health. starvation is a common practice among pcople who have weak stomachs, but does it sound reasonable to you to deprive the body of its nourishment every time you wish to give the stomach a rest? We admit that your stomach needs rest—in fact, that's the very point we wish to impress upon you; but there is n better, safer, quicker, and more pleasant way to give your stomach a rest than by the starvation method.

lirl;t you need is something that will take the place of your stomach and do its work— some snbstitute that will digest and assimilate the food, thus giving the body its proper nourishment without taxing the .stomach. Stuart's Dypepsia Tablets are the best substitute known, because they contain the very agencies necessary to digest all foods. They contain vegetable and fruit essences, pure aseptic pepsin (government test), golden seal and diastase. These elements will thoroughly digest and assimilate any and all . foods, so you can eat all you want. Experiments and tastes have proven that one grain of the active principle contained in these tablet will digest 3,000 grains of meat, eggs and other wholesome foods. One or two of these wonderful tablets taken after each meal will relieve your stomach of practi- cally all the work, thus giving it the much - needed rest. Keep this up for a short time and your stomach will soon regain its health and strength. Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are put up in the firm of little tablets or lozenges, are easy and pleasant to take, and cannot lose their strength .by evaporation. Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are sold in boxes by all chemists in the kingdom at ls:11d., 2s. 9d. and 4s .6d.

We would like to have you try them before YOU buy, so if you will send us your name n 4 address we will send you,aholutely free, a sample package of these wonderful tablets. Wri.e to-day to F. A. Stuart Co., 85, Clerkenwell.-road, London, E.C.

.I,,LANCASHIRE CRIMEAN VETERAN'S DEATH. John Guy, weaver, seventy-four years of re, residing oh"., Times " announces the death, which occurred in Paisley, has died ' age, suffocation caused by a piece 011711esday, in his seventy-eighth year, of Lieutenant- of meat sticking in his throat i at. dinner. Guy was a joael C.K. Crosse, late of the 52nd Light Infantry. Crimean veteran, and enlisted in 1854 n the Scots tit; Was a younger son of the well-known ,family whose Fusilier Guards, now known as the Scots Guards. He toot,_is at Shaw Hill, near Chorley, and as a :captain he afterwards took part in the Crimean campaign, and was 111,1, part with his regiment in the suppression of the present at the siege of Sebastopol. He had the mis- ho'inn Mutiny. At the assault of Delhi he had thel fortune to have one of his arms blown off by a gun and (411,0ur of being the first man to enter the liachinir he was discharged with a pension. He held a medal VA after the latter bad been blown open. He retired and clasp for the Crimea and also a Turkish medal. "41 the Army in 1868. 1

===== 0002601_19091023_art0083.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19091023_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, October 23, 1909.

D

I

MR. SPENCER LEIGH HUGHES (Liberal).

DR. SALTER (Labour).

PICTURES OF THE WEEK.

MR. J. DUMPHREYS (Unionist).

The Budget Battle in Bermondsey i 3 in full swing. The Budget League, the Budget Protest League, the Tariff Reform League, the Labour Party, Socialists, and two sections of Suffragettes are all on the ground, and the fight is accordingly being carried on with great vigour by all parties Mr. Spencer Leigh Hughes, who is a well-known London journal- ist-, s the Liberal Candidate. He is a clever platform speaker, and has been aptly termed the licensed jester of the Liberal Party. The Unionist and Tariff Reform cause is in the hands of Mr. John Dumphreys, who is a Bermondsey man. As a candidate for Parlia- ment, the Borough Council, 'lie London County Council, and the old London School Board he has fought twenty-three contests and won sevenl.cen. He eppcsed Mr. Joseph Chamberlain in Birmingham twenty-four years ago. Dr. Salter, the Socialist Candidate, is known in Bermondsey as "the poor man's friend." He is a staunch temperance advocate and a Quaker.

• • • •................. r - ''• ' • ••••••• •••• '.•'''.•':'::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::.::':•::::...:::::::::::::::::::::i......:::,..,... . '' • " "•••••••••••' '•`••••:•••n:••••,•::•••1:::':::::::::"1::::::::::.::::::::::::::::,::::: :::•:,".•::::::::::::::::::::::::.::::::::::::::::::::::::::;i::::,.........::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::„............*:..... ' ': :1“:"•''''''''''':•••••••••':'::',e'''':::::*:':'::•:':•:•:':::'::•:•:•'•'•:::::•:•:•:••:::::•:•:•:•:::::::::::::::•..::::::::........:::::::........,:::...:.::................:..................:................:...........:.........:.:::::: : :_:.,::::::::::.,:::::::::::.::::::::::::.:::::::::::::::.::::::::::::::. ::.... •••••••:,,,••,:•:•:•:••••,:•:,....-....:•:.:•:•:;.••:•:•:•:;.•••:.:....:•••......:.:.....:.,.:.:.........:..............:...:,:...:::::.........:.:....::::::...:.::.:::..,......:::;.................:::::.•:.iiii.:i......:.•:.....::...x.: ::.:.....:::...............:::::.............::::::::..........:::::.:.:.......:::....:.: ::.... ..'.....''''' ......::: .:.:.'...•::::::::::::::.:::::::*::::::**:::.*:::::::•:.:•:::i::::::.:::::::i::::::::::i::::::::::::::::i::::::::::-..........:........t......................;...:11.11.: a.....................................................................................................'''' . '''''''' '''''''''" ' - '. • •••••••;-................................................................................................. . . :igilg:::0i::.111.::::::•11.:1.:::].:::.::::::::.::i:::::::::::::.:::::::::::::::::::::::::Z.:.:::::!.::::11:::;::::::::::;. ::;i::::::::::::::::::::;::;g:::::::::Q::::?ii.....:i.;kigiii;i::R•••;W::::.::;:,..:::::::in;;;01::;L : .. ~...iL:::::::::::i::::4::::::•:::::::::1;"1::::".4iglt;:'.1:;:ilini:!::::::::::1101:::::1.::?7:3::iii 11111ib.2.1...]:j!!11::0":.r:::Trii'.:.:.:'..:!::i.:•.::.iii.li..iiiiidilit:: %::::::*:: ii:::: . "...• : ....':.;i%.;iiii;. ..:'K':-...:.::::...::::.*V#1%4:::','. 1...: ;4.:.::.i:••••:.;..?.:;_i:::.:::1: :.:ii.:.;.:.;:;;.:;.::::::::::::.•:::::::..i..•::::::!•.:.:::::%:..?.?:4:::::Ai.:Iiii.:::.1.'ii.e:;:.:::''''. '...'::::i..::,:,:' c,:::i.i '.::: .-.- . ••:/... -- : . :::::•::::,:::.:::qii.:,:g.:;:::: .......::::*i' ..:',.:::',.:iia1te:::.::...::::: ' ' iii .::;:::;:.:::...zz::::::,:.. .. . . ..,........:.:::::.....:::::,..::::.....4;:.5.!:*i.:..........::......:.i......,.......,... . .... ...... :',:••41:ii,.:::::./.1--:':. .• .". ...::::::.,':.:.:::-. :*•:-.;.:..iii...i.ii.;.§::iii:0::::::,:::•:,:;i::::.:.:-.........:::...;:.:;:i....:,„_%.1.:.:.:K: ;:i:1111:?:::::::....., _:!•:•,;?,......::•::.:.::..:::•:::::::::::::::•:::.:. .;:.: ,e,.::::,..:,EA 7'.1--...,":::::.?..,,,,,,:.. :1:::.T::::::::-:.4::::::.:.".:•:......&::..... ......:::.;.:. •••••••:::::...:_,,„::::•..•••••••-•..,:f:-44,ALI,14;4::•:•,...>•:ik?...0P. i1it'•:.....:::;•:.:,...-.:•::4...•4•::.::::i:.::.7:::::::::::!•.:Cr.......::::::•g•.;::;:;:.:.....:-....m 4::*;•ki:•-•::iiii,?..e..iv.41:. •;.t•':ja•i:?f,:f:ti. i2VO;;•:•••'-:-:..::.j::j.:•:.:..•7••".'§:.;•.:: .....::::::.--•.::: '. ......:".•.:::::::.,...:-•,-::::::::•••••••• . .:::ii.vm::::::::::::::::ogin::•0:: :ig..1:t.:••4,4,44-•.-.:,5,f,.i.0em5:!.:•...5.::;•...::::.i...::::.,:: ?:•.iii,i.: imw...i!::. • ..*:.:...:.• - ..::- -:*.l. ::::•:.::: • •••,::•-••••••`::::::°.::::..::::•:•-•::::.:-...::::::::::.::::,::::. i:::•-•-:';:vi•••••••!.,',,,-,-1-•.-i;- - 4-1,,,,,:-::::i::::::::::::-:::::::::: -, ..::::.:, -•:.••••-•:?::::::•.•-•-•:••,...:::-. . ......-..,,:: •-:.:::::. ....,............::::::::.:::::.:::::.::::::::::„.::::::::::::::::::::::::.:::::::: .•'••:.:::;;:l.::-,•:.!•i§-,..,-.: -..- .., ~....•,i.,.....4,4,,q,: , • :,,,,.:.:::....:::::.. ...:,::::::. • ::: .:...: ::...,..,.... •:.:„:„.„.. : . . . • .....„:.....,.,:•:•• :....:•:::•::::::::::::.::.,:.::::::::::::::::.:::::::::::::::::::::::::.::::::: •,,,,,,f,,,,, •,,,,,,,,, -z„....". . :•:.':,;,: -..::'' %:::::::-..: • ..i: ;••,'.'.. • .:' • : '•:•••••••••.:. .......;,..4.:, :: .;-........t:;:x:.,.:,. • : !.;.:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::.:::::::::::::.:::::::::,....: it4i7;4.;:i.:;:Z;,',.:1:::; '.2'• ...,•,:k.c, :,:•...4,-,,;V:x .14., - • ....... • . "....:: ..Y.Xf: , 1..„••••••:•• ••:,f....-•:•:•::::.:.;•;•:•::::................:•..............:•.„4.,•••••••• •,..• • : ...........,:.••••• .... '.:',;,,:n., '', '' •,,":' ''''•::',.....4.•:,,,:,*...e.':::::::::,..t., •+:::::•:. ... ...:‘,:•.•,,,1N00p:5,0,-X,,• •• • • ',:•: Y.: .:1%.,... :r..-;P:••• ..,•:,.. '.... .'.' • ...... • .......:, ...,,,,,,,,,,f,,,;.: 'N :.4:',../•::• . ~., • ,::: • ,KVS.:,' ‘....- - :,. •••••:•:...... :, • ~...1 ~..f.'.• • •:•,..:•••• .•';'.1:..,:•:::::::::::•,,,::::,;••••• •.:.. . :,. ......'r •.. ::*::,:is • ....' ''..,' ..4;• • :.,,rtf'•!.,•.,........., •-•'• • -': .`, ••• .• ••• - •••• •.- .• • • ,s.: ..• •,.N,'• • • ~,• •• ..... •, • • /,........-1:%;••• •,,R• ''. ':',,.!:'.:7 4:::.'';::;::.:.:-.:',...t.,:::',.I.M, .§1.,i,„_::•:::•A ...,g i:. •.; : ....„ .......• .. :•:...§:•• !•:.;.:•::: . .... • -:!...... ..",;:•.*: :94E0,-,.....,' ',....,;•A:•:.:•:::::•.:•,:;•.....:,.,?, ::?..:::.....4.::::...:•-i?.71..:':::'.::::::::.siigIVKii. 7.Matiii::::. : • ........1:ii::.. li:::•:,::::i..?'. '',..,::;•:.'i: :.',0,&'.::.....%ii,,Z13'...i'iV:',.1.:.:.;.04...,:* ...,..., . 3 •.::.'...:•:.*-fik:::t...4r,''''.:•:.:•,:,..,:,:•:.•'...';'.:,..." „.......'45.44,f...,.:::::i:•!':i.::•.:-. ~.: .... ~ ::.:',.::;•.*:::i**.: <::!:::::,,.:•It.,,,:.:,'-..::.: ':'•*.N.• .4/4M,.tv..-:70)40*,:iii:::.:::::.:Z:;. • ••'' •., '-'•••''' - '''',-- • •::!•:.V.;* ••••••r:::.:•:-V.,...4 4:•:::...04::::::.:::::::;,...... 1...:::.:,.•,.:4•;;:i:...,::::;::::-...X:i'.-4.'..d...iii.;::ii:i::.!:. ;•:,::: . ...I.*:- *-*/ *•.:. *%.• ..• :.:. ..,...,.......; , .„:.... . ....v,. ~ .i.„4......f. • "..a. ••. • , : :. .: 7::::•:4:::`:;.:7::-.. !.....t....., . 4.::-:,>:.•,,,,... ,:,;:::: f ..2'.......::" :••.,... ...4:•••• f:,,i.:4...::.. , ..-. ...-,...,.:. ::.::::.Ap.5,::.:.:,:,;,..::.:.::;;:0.,, „4„:....?........,.!•::,....,:0 ::::::;:::::.':' '::::::::::ii.ii.,::;••••••••:' •'•;:,. • ' .. ..`...."*.:-::::::::X:::::::::.;:si: ' ',.•... :1: .:,..::•:1`1;:, ': ...*:....:....':,; •s:-... • :::.1::.:..:::::::::,:z.fo;:e...x:i..:,.. ..,k0:45,,,,,,:;;;;;;,,,,z ::::i*:, ::Iii:„{,i.•::::::....;;•:',. ..::.*::.::::::i.i.. •:::::::::::.::::;.:::::;:iii::',:.:::::::".::?;X:,t;.,:, ,:. :,.:.f1'.4,.......... '::::?:.::::::':':.:.1i:::...;'.:::.:ii::: ::-:::::::"...:;::...... ''.'"s:'.4.,.....:::::.:::,..i.:1*:45,93;:.._.::::•::::::'.:.:.0..::•ii:':::::':::::.:$:::::::::..k.:•:.......; %.:;:.....:•,4...i.ti..:'::::".k::::::::Q.:...:1:::.:-.',::::',MiAif:;::;ii.*:44:;:i.iik*:.* •••::.:-:::::.::::;..;::. ;.: .'•:,:i::•:.:`,:ii:*,.:,:, ::,::::::.::::,,,:ii::::::-..:;.::::..... V: :.]: rA:',.4i...t.:,:-..::::::::::.:........:::i...:.::.....:„.....:.iii;ii;:i1fti*.4:::,,:......:,.,i;:;!;.m...fi., i:.:::.:::::::.::.::.::::.:::i::::::;,..::::.:::.:.:.:.::::::.::..:i:.,:,_:- ',•,i,':?.::,.f:1t:ii..;'.,;A,, .;:i7.:':-.......*::.:?•::?.:....:;:::.:::::::::-.;:.::::::.....::..4.;i;:::....',:::;a:,:.:.. .c:..::: .:::::::::-:-....A:;:-.. :.. -.-....::-: 1.,-..f.,::.(p.:P.:t.,...,.......,.... .. .. . •;:f§,,:::::..,,,,::pe...,:i.:,:•:,.-:::::•::1:....;:k.:.:,..:::::::: . •t*:.,.....„:;,..ii:.....u.).:.4.5. ...::::::::::.;:i......4....„,::,••••::::::.:?.:•:.ii..„.......:,,.....„..;•„4.:..„:„:+,,i.,,:„.,„::::::....,,,.:...,:,.........,...„:„..‹.:.,..,:::::„:„...„:„....::::::::..„....:::•........:..,..,.. • • -.4.......„.....0: .. ::....,.,:::,. .•,:.:.: • m4„:;:,.,.:::*:....,....... ... ~:.,::;:i......;•;*....::„.:.::::::.:.„.4„...:-„:„„;::,,„,:.*:1.,•:,•:::::::::......:. .*1..„1.,•,,,::::,:„4:,::;-4•::*...::„...:.:.:.: „.:.::::::.......:.:,...:.:,:::,...„.: ........:::...:,.:.::::.:,......, .:,:::.„2...:•:::::::::::•„::::::„.::::::*4„,:::„:::::.:::...:::::.:". ..,,,i40.,.::.„.,,,....1:.:::...i..:,:::5,...v...,.:„..,..:.::::i:::::m5ix::iiiii::::::•:::.::::A*.i:.ii,i.4n:•......:::,.:455,ii::::i:iiigi ......,,,,i.::::",,,,"-:,:::....::::,:*--::::::-....:-I--- , ~ov:•:•0.,::::::4:,,..:.;.:,. ~:„:•:-......„.„.:•:::.::;::::.::,::,...:::::„......:;..::::4,-::-: .... • ...• • .... ..:•:::....::::::.......„:... :,...:.....„...• :::,::„....,...:,.....,. • ...::::i:?.ir:iiK*::1....:.;...: .9):5),:'•::••:••••• • : ' : '•:::::•k•::::•:•:, 2.,... .. :,•••:•.,:•A::' ....*::::. ; %::::::::?*.•: :.',, ..,.....,. ,;;;; ••,..›.,-:,...:.•,..x.r.... : ' .'..'4; :. w.......... •• , ..,:;....... ;S404fAkg:At.N:i?!.:iWix.::::•:".•::::::::i::;:;K::!,:,"...:0..iii*.;;;;;:::.....'•:•::::•::.:...: ~..:•,,,:?:*:;;;;4:::;1:.*::::45....4A.....,:, :::::,..„..,44,,,,..,...,.:::..:.,..:..,m,.......,...:„... a_.:.:.::..:.::.*:::,,::::::w,,,.;,:im:i:ii:.§:: ,•::-$0 \•.4.-- ' • ::::*. *:••••• • • .•1304ii:i.........,:::•::.-...• :-:::•:.:::•::•§:g:•:•:.:.•:.:::::::i:::::,:,,,,i.,...;:,.::.,4m:if:§::imi:i::::,:ini::.*::,..mt„::.:-:.:::::••,4„.,., ...-:;:iii-x:::t::,.:....'• ,'•:::':'-........,..:.:::,.4.,':*:::::•::::•:•?:;• •••:,.:••••:.,...N.,, ..f.•:§.:::::i:Nili,:::n:•.i.„...:i:,,,:i:i...,•:::::•:::::*,:;•.:::.::::•.*::::::„.:::,,,,,,„:„..**-:,.. ••• • • , ,::::,:::••i:•::.:.••••-•-•-•.. • ...';'.:. • •:. • • ••••••••••:-.,:•:•*••:,;•:•:.,:••.. ::::*.K::::,v,*: ,:::::::,,,,.::::::::,*:•:•:•.•••••••,.• •• • • • . ,§;:;:',...--:,,,',....:-:::11:i:,::::k:::•:::.:. • ••••:.....,:. . ......*:,,,, w::::,..,:-.....:•:•›:,:•.............. • • , • •

•,‘„,„-,-.,.:.,...m.:\,<:-.%,,,...,.45.w., .s: .:,-,,,,:.•,-,..:,:,,,,,,,pwr,....%.:,,.:..,,...„,:::e.:„..,...§„...„,,:,‘„.. , .....„..,, •44:„...,':::::".,,\''.,11,11 .:.,,,,,:m.0.11.:.,:m:x._,.. ~.. v0k,..,:›:0.,,p..,:,„:.5,..,:.,,:kg..„,,,,- ~ • .t,g§::,::-:,:,§ • :,:.: :.. ...„........:,.:„...„....,.„...„...... ~ . . .........., „...,........„ . . ,:t.... ..-,-5:..,4:,,,,,,:,.,:.:,;:,,,:,,..,,,,,.._.,,-,5...\.,:%,,-..54•N.44,•,:.*.v :::.:_• (41, ...., ~...;,, • , ••••::'. •e•*...1,.....,:. i',.. .'' : ~. '.:•:. ..." . ••••':‘,...;:&:•%.4`;','".7:'i,Vi'•A%.i:A:%::?:::l.'tWN •'.....: . , .... .... ... ....,.' ••••:.,e..:..-•',.....2;,7".•-4?.......r-. ' ',....• •i:if:::;: . iN % 5:,...5.e.', i::‘,•:•:••••••;i:,.:::iiii'i:ii•:i:.;:§:,::: ; '' . , . . '•-• ; ...,...: ,' . ...I'.•':', N:,.::. K '',..W& .*;•.,6,,,'i°.i*A.,,r.AMs. :N. ...•'...• ',',. ''',.:::' ',:•:::::::•,:,....r...:„.,;.;:, ..: :::: S . '' ..... ' -'''•:.':': -:•:.'.•;;•:::i;':•::::::::::ii• :••••:•;i7;':•::: ,:ix..:::.,N:.:..,..'kz.. :: . w:...4:?3,........'!...i:: A;i•Vg*.OZ .:::::::: . ..<.: . . .:"W::;:.: ':.1::::::::::::. " s * •,'"'''':'M ''' 4 • "." .On ::::.::..:::•:"i.::... :. 'A4..... W ,_,..",,,,Z.::`.,..:•.i,X:M:..3".: ;':..,...:....., ~,.. ~:.. .: i',::,..:.....i,:.:::::::::"...r: . . . . . >. M., M.:::Nra:',';`': ", ".".,;;;":::,i:iii":.;:" .' .. ".,,::'..... :."...:...,.:":,.. .:' ' " ':"",:' '''''''...",..., , ~... ..",.".:..:::,....,....' s -.. . " ~.,s., ," \s• "\\•• ',. ....A ~ ... , tik :•••••.;. e'N. Ak y . ".•• ' , s'''. .:- ' ::, V.:Zsk.,,_ .41Niilige.‘:..s. ..:;:"...'NT:1i:::".1".....- s.,L, ."..".. : ..:4.*:.:. '...4,,,,,,,,,u,:v..• -: ::,.... , .:.,11,-..-..,,,::::,..; ::' ~,,.y.a1„..,:m ti.*::i.o:::**waii:,-,:.':,.,.•...-:.,.:. .*,..,.5.v.:4,',...::.• NAvs:.:A :,-. . -- -.,.. 11,::::4:,,.-`,.‘k% ~,...::„..,,,,,,,,,,,..,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,::::.- '4,, :,Not.v: ... ••• ........,.. 4.4:,.. '. ..-: g1igt40,...:...-:.:,-;,.Z:iii:.iiiiiV:.:iir!.:.,:,,.::',...:-......‘ .:::•- • •..t,'`: 'V ~ ~:: .:'::.0.',..r.%,.... ' ~......•:.•':&,%\:: , ',.,. rarkft:Aii: . :::•0;•,::!ikt•:.:..:::.::•::::...:, •-::..?;v:m.fi:::.::.,ii::::i4u4:::,i„ ::,,,._::‘,:i.,:::&.5.WW:iii..1:,,.::::::;i5::::::::*::. ::• . .....::.......'*ei: ).-:,1,-, ...iN:..:i.:.tiigiiiii ,1:1....4...,:,:•*a.:::, ~' ..: .....§:-..i.5•.;::.:i.::-..:,.:.:::,,•.:.. .',.k,..;",:•'44 -`Ukz,..%:, s.-'• ...: ..:;,:::-..- - - ..'..,,::;4:.*:,...,.:.:,:i-:.:. Ilks44'‘z\s' .c.. `A .g.:0Ni::3;g.::...:i.,...-.ii‘ti::'.::i:i.-::::::i....'.:..:::::.g,- .:.':ip...Yrzi:•:?....::::-...,:,.: qiit,-----:.,:•...-...):.:°'.::**• ••• ..' .::ii:n. .":::'....'5:•:`,?:•-• ::'..:.-ig::::::''.....,:V.:ii.:::.i:miiiiio: %*P.,4: ..':....r.; ..,.;.At:k; •...::. :Y%, .*'::N.?::,, iiat*Os ..:•':i,,:‘;,•:.•-::i:,..••:.•:.,:•••••.::::::::i*:•::::,::::sA.:IM:,ci'im:',: ~.:•''lNZ'''t .....-t•••• •:,••::'',..::••••••••::,.,:.::::•••:::::::n,:‘.p.V:' ,-.'.... ;:::••• • "i: : :?::....\•:,:..,:•.•,;.::- • :,,,,,•:••••.4:*::i:.:i::::;•x...-:.•:•ii.:gf,:::... ..•?..,?,4,,, *. •:. ts.4.,iitet.i.qs••••4ll?‘ .•::::::::-...::::::Ag.:r::::...';:]3::‘•,,P.:•:%-:E:::::::: ':':A%.'„'!'s'':*. '':. •-•:•;.• -': ''-':44;••:, s.:,.:••• ••••••?:?:,::;.:§::::!,:•,..,,;...% \ 3.r4, tZ:z:::::•.,::''::,:i• . ::.:::.:''j.',:•••::',:;;'::E:::;:•:. :.:::::%...;..r.,:*...,...',..Ci::::.M •,..-.X.-..5.; '••••.:>. , •:::.,:,•••:;::-:-..... ~,:•.::,,••••,?,:!::,:,.::::.,....,.,,:; •• ::•'..-;:.;.ri'ea?:..i'ii0::::::.:•:::: igR•VVi.:*- ' -:•; • :::::•:• '-'•-•:-:.:. .•:::: '-':::, •:,-,:ik,.:.:, .....tsiki,:.-cMii ....a""::<, •-• •••-$.,*,••'"::•::•:.::'i.:•••::::::•W<?.;4.'•.`•:. • •:- i;:-;;:.:•:iiiit:fi?•iiiiii:iii,• ::::.::•:::i:.:,:k•:•,;:••• , :••••:. • ' . • .:. ".:•A-"''.,:&•:;•%::•:•:k;i:',':iiiiiM iic.',.'is••••li'•••::: ......1.....';:'.11.:W•.':,Tk,.."2,ii.••:,:•.'*":'•'.'•':::•:•.:,‘, ~...,„'TIZ4i4i.:1::•:•:%.:,,trt!::,:::::: :i:•:,::,,s::?•:,: . •:•••,•i:":::. - ' ,•••• ..:•,: ••••••N•••• •• ,:ik::::::Weiimii,; ~....:... 5•:...,,::› •., :,,5.i.,,i5:i3.4.•*;.••:: ••::::.,.,::•".... ",:r-...,..5"'":tP,:":::,.,.ii..*;f4it",:*;:r:;:•4>& .. ' ; :::" ' :: ' .: ...'"i":;:" '4A;l:•AklNi;:igiiil 1,:,',.45.:..::",'''5V,t':•:>,:(:%."%:::".".. :0:::,':Y,,,'''...-.. g*:.4.4.0....A„,.::::.....',:. .:??4,41.:-:,:z.u, 4qc:s-Avern::::,F. • % 44,4+,:::,...:, •. • ' .. • - V. .'.:i:' 'i`::.k :'% -.::' ' ' '.• - •:•:;i.,;.,i:g..:ge: g,':Kfi: -..4l`l.W.,:tali;!ftliiek.ai,''''''"lrsf.,F4l4:!..,:'- ,:o'.fta'i,A,K,:i:ii: ..• . ... . .• ,i.:-... = . ...,:ii:.-.,: if.,,,.§..''. .:,..41.„.1xt.,...-.' .. - 5'Ai1f::**.i.?.'4:4"X‘‘4•14,101%,,V0:W44,.% '. . .:'•.: ''.• .. -• : . :.?::?.4 •::::,,,-.. ':,;:.cr.',4e.-A.1.V.A.-i4.1P.',.,':.:Pr....z...k-V.•*.......::-.:4:tm*::::tt:w, •.. . . - ....-..,:i. '...-'•;"•4'.' .t._.STO.*::;-*-.0 !tir:::';':::. . ......,,:,....,2:-e. -;:li-::::§x5x:ft.x.*::,-,0.*: V,:•*t • :...,,V.,.).....k.;:,-. ..:o?%:',,.*:t&e::::•l.:K4.4"sk.i.v:i>.i.vx: . ..,:,.• , : . ...:,...- ::::: :kt.."4.§VW:-Weik, 4:,,.:',W.i.':':':" ''''.•;`, ..a.t:S.',%.,...i;,i;,iAi:W3kV}". ..::,i..,:, '''?"•••;',..:*`•',7;;;,,,,,.:*:,.::::i'::::•.-I.4:;r43.tits. S. 0.:5,4::V. ',..";:,?;:.V.:?..,:.::5tA,:::::X?:',,,,,0^r...zi:: ~ . . ..,',Vie:4,,:rc'4,':ssV.S•K::, 0:N... 2:V.;:k.sW, .4.1,4&^: :4':i.%•P•k,:•"4:l4:.•:':i'f.: , • oi•k:"..nsis:,.- ,i'-':,::,:el . : ..f......5ittg=tt.,,:%,:,... :,..4:,:.!:.Aitii(1404.'5;,:kif.V.:':: .5...,1,...V?:!::tn.g.".;*.i;:•:::4:%'*:',:fi1.40:AUW::::?*§.Mii0"..::::%:*;.:A::, '-",,:::*'.›;:-.:',F04i::.,,:::i•?i.,...4•*,-,.,,.........,:k<, . .........., ...... .. .. N •

~, • - :•.:....::::::gliNI -,-,m,.,:,:,',13.'"e.•:.:::.::,44..i. . .._,..-,,R•i,i,..•:.g.:^4.,•-•• • ',..1:.:›),:,..#.:-...qt-%::.:,zi ‘....,..,*:MV:LfP.k::::..:Xvs's- ' . ' ".... ~:.4**l• -;t*,:4zl?;et*.--'---.•'-..5., -..,,•,,- ~,, .:.,50 ,i.i:.:::ii:.11pik.......,..:...." ..,.,,,...,:::.......... e•-,:,.... )..*:,:;;.g's. :',...t1nt:44.ei1''.4,--; .. ss,;::.A.-, : , ;:,...:,-..p. r•N• ••••s:W::.i,'>•::.:.•4 1 .3:;r;.'*;';':,,:::??..Lii:,',v,i:*;•:- •• -..;.i,.::;.,4•... • ':**.f. ,:••••• 1..:...,- • ,ks:::‘,o-1.... .Z.:i:::>:-.:•.•••••?i,.V.T.,:tf:;*„,.. -•',,••:i..:::10.,-.,::;:;..:: ..:5...4. • ;.§,4.:,.:::,....t. :.,...i...::,...e.,..i•in,34,:::,......'.:, -:::?,•..,,c,,,,....,::::::i.., .::,.....:.:- .., i.{...:..-. ....,:i.t..., ..::. iy,......- bit6l,,,k ';':.....›?#..:..:..1....-'...-'.::.:'. ..-:::.:.:40....N..1 ..;•:..v.44:iii.,*.::)...-....;.:.:',:.?,M1tKi:'......;::::,,,,,,A.:::.)1r.:..t4":11 •,-.;:,..::.:.....::.,.....%%13:''.......:?::-..',...:.-i.i..:-,:::::.-.;:...,:tv$,.,:::..,;41:,:z.54.-.!.... .1,:g::•:---4:.z•,- . .- ''"...' :-:•;::::,..71,-;...:::::::.:,.., ...i*''A • . - ..... . ~. . ...--,...,. - .., . -.-,---....,..:..4.,..„...„:„ ,s, :.. .. - --,... :„:::,....,.iz --,...,.:, -,..,;-..,:,..%:;.• ~ .. . .. . . ~. - ,

• , •••••• ...........•••••71.......:::::::::4•••„:„.4i;.i:::„. -,...,?-.............ii;i4-4.....-..4,--.:--...-....-, ~ I 04 4z0vm:..:.::::.......,..c....:,...,...:,....„:........::::„., . ,_:„,."...,.........,....,....1......aiiii.4...1::.ik,......:1)!1tt.:....,.':::......?,..ii,'Hr::::.:.....::::i.:'.:::: t...--..,..1-:.. ....-•h•••••-•::•4:-..:.....:'.••>....:. • :::: ....,:....0:::.:':•-......::::::.:.:::::::-.A.::::::::,:,,,....:„.:„„.:::4::,,,,:•:•:,ib•:.•,...:.::::::%••::::,..:.:•••,:.%:-...0::,:•:.:i:x,.'::-.et:::-.--,....,.....- ~............,.:,:,:..,:::':;:z... -...'s .• , • ...::::.„,,,:.11:•:&::::4,::.::;:.:::::,..„:.:::h.:;::,•,„,....::,,,,,..:4:;::,...:...:,:„:4:.:-..::•:,....:0%.:.:::,...::.*':.,..::•: •,,,,,,..,.-::::••::::.k::.',.4::-,:•,,,..,-.:•:. ~..:-..:: .:.4;....!..r.:.„.. si- . --......,,,,,,,,..,:,::::::::::,,,-,::::A.:::'.......:.:::::•:•.:::•,%....:k.:•.-::::::•:.,„:::',...... • ......•••••••::,:;,,,,,,,..,;1,..,.:•::,.:%•:::,:......4:-.......k.,;.:-...4&,...7,....t...-,...•-•,,,.:,,,,,,,:...4.,...: '. ..,,,,,,,•:,,,,..„,...:,:.,,,,,,,,,,,,••:•(••••::........... :•••;:••••••••••••$,.........„.„:,;••:;;;:-,.:•:••••:.,,•,••:•:,:::::::::.•::,....0i,::•,-::...::,,,,,:•,;,::::,,,,,,::::::,,.,;•,,,:::;,....,...:::•,,,,•••.....,.::•:,:,,:k,,?.;:::.,,,,::::::.,,,.:.::::::::•,...,..244..:•:::•:,.17;•r';',k,••:,', -,',... ~,,,,wcA5:7,,,,,:,,,,:i.,,i,..ikkX.,...:!,•ii::.:::•::::.:::,:,,,.--..,...:,-,,,,;:::,,..-:::•,:k:::::.:A.Q,,.,1,:,.::;::•::::„...::::••••::. ",•:::•::,:........,::::::•,...:.•::,,,......:::•,::::,:::::,..,....::::-:::::::::::,.....:::::::•::.4...•:::::::.•,::::4:,::::„,:.:,:.;,•.•::„ ,•,..,.:,,.... z .....„: .... ....::„..., .....:.•-•::kt-,.::•;3i.•.,10.•,,,;i:.z...4.>..,..::ftt-,;::•Imi::A...•.::::•..::::-...N:::i..,,...:;-•:::;3.•:.:„,,„,,,•,•:•.:... - .....:.•":",,„,,:•::•:4Am.,,t::::0:,•,....,.%;,.:;1:-.,...wt::*,.:-..ii, • '......;•,:•.;',..:'-. -•7'.,,,Nit.' • :::•,-.. ~ .......:::,,,,,,,,...":.••gi,:•:%,..,:;,.4.,,..v:,,,,,,.:•::::q...i.:t,,.,::::.:::::.,•-•,,,:::..:::::::,,,,,,....,;.::::,,,,,,,:.-..:-,,......:•.:-.•,..,,,,,....:*,,:::;•:,.............:::. • ~::.:.-:,•-•.,:•::.:t-,.:•:,,,....:::::::::::.::.•.;,:-.:.,.:-:...•.:::.,,:t.,..,,,.-;..,....i,-.,,,,,,,,,,,..,:,:...1,,...: ,',.•:.,g,•<:::1;!....::10..0.,;',,,:•z44-tgigik':::•4e4.:i.iq.,,..Nmin--.....14p...iii...47*:••,.:::..,.0t.::.,1:•.„.:::.?.:.:1::::::::::•:•:.-,.:4.'•,,,,;:::,,....:::.,,,,,,:L.:.•.:••,:i .-:.-„•;.,...•-•-..;;:•,,,,,..."...i.:-.,• ;.•''..:•'-':1•I.:..c:.:..'4.4t4;,•;%,t•tri.‘vii.::';::::::•'::•%.::::!....i....1...:..:t:•:::'..,1T:!.:.,4i..:.:1N:Ni:::•••••:::::::ii:•::::-..k:........::;:'.:::•,',',.:'.,.,!z;...4'..41'.....••?2:.4.,---•;.;•,-..5.,...v*,•;,, ......:::;:: .i..::::::c.o.:l:":::::::Z:..••:.14iift:q.N.,:go:!$:!',.:::;i.;..:':.:,iiiiii:•:iiiii;::.:-,•iiii.;::'1:•:::•'::••,:..,i:•.:::.,'•'•-•ks'•::.:•:::::...:-..:.trik,4-...-:z.;1A.-.....,.7-....,..,,..•.A4::-,.;',..,..--..'-f.::.:•:'.41",s,,;:.,., - .$:•••••,...,,,N.,..,,,:p..,,:::::-....`ii4:4-,:::::-:.:.:::,,,..0:.:::::•4.•...;:::,..N:•..-:•::::•::,,•:,......t..,::.,.....:tEfEs.:::.:'••••,..4•:::::.•.:'....:.':•1.::.1:..:....:-„:".:..........:•.•';',-"17.;;.--...4.t.'::-.e...,.:;i:,.:': ..,...•-:;':?..,':,.......::::....-:. iii...l. :•.1.i!tivi....42;:1:,it,:.,ck,.::•!...,f0•.:,.....:::::v.:5ti:-....:::::::.••=..,;.:4.....:•:.:::•.7,-,..-..:::•.•:•-•.-...,..?-;:..::•:;....4t:o's,...tilt.. :•••:‘,.-7t.....,:-;'.;:•••:..,:...::,••,,,4.•.,.;.:.:.i.::-?..._ • - P.i.:-:),:'''...•,'::::::::•:4::-:.:1..:Ili'..1'04,,...--::.i*!',:t.i4!::.1-.i",-..,....,':;.•'--i::,-.......-.--;'•.,'•<:..., .. -.. ~..:...:.4,--..,,.....:-•:-.-:.‘..- _.v_..-.. -:,........,1k.4%.,'......,::,,,,...3- ~,-:‘..,..5.,,;...........--.,...;.,.....77,*......;]-1,..*,."..,:.;,.....:±AE....;:..,..,...i....:7.•:...i„.:::,.•..--.t,--y... ...,1.„.::-...:.,............:,:::::::.:..N:..:,,ii.::.;i0..-:!.+;::] • ' ...:.--'''.•,i:',,-..,--.,,kir.- ...!,..i•;1:t.)1.,...,..,,:-T7irts,).7.!"-.......t.i.'.1:-.::,..."...::-,--_-:-..`,....-..-;.41:1.3:::---- --:-... -::!....;......!,„:1:-......mi4........1.1a: : i„,,,. ...,...----„ak.-,-..,..--?-- :-.--- :,..-.4: ....,...:',..„-.-...,,...... ..,,,.:.:::tr7..• : , : - -.....,,,...,,,,,:. .e- -.- :::.::..]:,..::i:-i'::::::;*:::::%:::.:.::'. .1' .`"'.. L r 124„:, ,1,4-'''.".1..!*1 --• ' • -... • .' . ' , ' .."';',* .:,,i*::.:::, . :.:ii:::::.::.::::,"':':.....::::*Mi: 1 'k:,':: '. ,:: ',.: .4110.• .. „iiic' :: - ' .•::-..? ':,' ' "::.:'...' ''. : 1" . ' ~:4. lb& ;:' ' . : '-' ' ,•-• " ... , . ,'... .'-:..:i4n.:'....; .tt44kEik::',N: - -..i .:,:',4'1,,,,, ....... •• •-: .. • - ...'i-,41,..411)::.' '. ... -.lit,',"'.•-•.'-'17,7:7`: ::, ....' . ':...: ' : . ~:....;,,:::4-...:::',4:i1ii..:k.. . ....glitatt: • -4-4!"..1. .i7....:'; ..:.:.:: .. '-' ' . ' r‘i..:2 ._.•- 7'....'...5..._. '...... '• • : '., .' - ',.. . ~.:4-I'Qe:.4.:•::::;:,,;•:, 'i. '.' .'''' ''''':• '''. ':: '.': 1 ..'")l.ftlik''',.' , .1k,..-,:!...' -- •:-, . - ". .. •i '. ':. .-.,...:*.'.;:i....4,:i.P.04iiiii:.:::. '.7...-.,;<•,*.,..:44.4:1iiiiit.1Akii:; t -. , ...• - . , • . 47."7.,.z.,.ir...;...-.,,,..... .-..:....:(..-;, ..:- -:,,....;!:.:':-.:.; . . , - ....'.....;:.i:.ft.:::::.:miia:.?::i...i::.i0::i.§::.ft:.i:ft:i,.......:?..:..ii,..:.:..:::.::.::.K.:iiii::.i: ' '''- «.: • ' ..' ' • :::-.... -,.., ..• 141,*..7 ..' ~..• ---;;;:,. , • ~ ......,:::..--*-::::s.s.::::::.::::K.:::::,i,,;,,,4,ki:si,,:f;,.:ik...K:.:::::.:*..:::::::::::::.:::::.:.*:.i::::KK:::ii*:',.,!i:::*'. ' .... ' ' '''' :'' • •-•::..- ...'" ' ' ' ' .'f'iller' 7.±' . - ' . ' ,••• :'::':.."':,:ii::::•:::•:1:::tk:44:?::::,:j.'-',:;'::::::ii.i.:::::::ii.ii:-.....i.:',.':::!.Miii't:::::.1:k:W.:M:: .. -. ..,:-- ' -,.1.46‘,-N4a;;''.--17,-;.:7!."'.7'''':.',.': '''''.-:; ••• t: '. --- , ... '....44::::::A:::iitl.W.:;:::V:::7;:tRiMs:IP:41.4:g::::.4::ill:ANR:•:.:0-i ' ' ' ' '41.14.f.';',.,,:: '' i.-y • • .. :--,i' . '.. ...:, .:-;:' - 1' • ..,T,'''... ~ —.l- • ..^.:...... ',.:::;11. - . ..,. *•'—. . ' . ••.......::::,:.::.:::::::-..ih•,:.:::::RiM-ZI.:.:.:.:!:-:?.."::::kisit;:ii.:.]:.Q.;•:. ..:::74. • ' ..:-,77 r...1".p.,...-‘...1......,..,k .. '7 :-:. .• 7::!....7.7::'4.';:i::.::.-i::..!:i.:A.....iii:•:4;...qi::::::ti.4...W:.1::::iii0Ji.101111111111,F.A111:1 A • -•• ' : ' '.- . • ' -.:''.:;:::::--'7,:- .:':,-:•,:::A.:-S l'' • ' -s: • .. .. . ....":-,::::::*:;q1::i::::;k:-:"-Z44:;O:t.t:::::::M.:-.i:P::•::::: •.' . \i,..)te,.1. .:•-.,:-::. 111111,L .. • -•::':'-'.-..:.:*:',-:',.::11 - ' ":. , ...'. —. ... . :- :"",..:M*-:::-......;i011:I.T:ii.;::::::.i.'0..-iii:.-!--Ti:•:iiiii.iii:J::-.13.1i:Mii:iii-:::iiiiiii!fil'iiii:I.: .' .r.',.::: • ' ~--11,7 ' .„. -.:',::;.::.......:::::',..;:i4 4-• .: ''' '....:.'. '... . .... ": .:.:::::::::,::::4!;FtS:.ll:o.4..ii.::i:::;.::ii.i;:iiii.A.::::' . ..,,., , .:,.... .: i.....: . ~., .41...... ....,....,,......:::„....,.....,. ~.....:„ i ~..:,,,,:,,...-,-...:.,...,:,..,,.„,.,•,.-,..-: .:..„,.:...::--...:..... ,-, .......,;;-:::::,..,A,.....-... -- ~ . ..„..„ ... .:... ~" ~ - - • . . .. ......,..„.,... ......._, . ~...,, , ..........,, ......... ..-.... -,.. ~.. ..:...,...,,„:,..,.... -: •• . • .. ~ . ....... -- -• _

===== 0002601_19091023_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
LONDON SOCIALISTS AND FERRER'S EXECUTION.

SCOTLAND YARD MEN TAKING NOTES.

Ten thousand people gathered round the Lions in Trafalgar square on Sunday to protest against the execution of Senor Ferrer. The speakers indulged in language of the most incendiary kind, and one banner which was unfurled during Mr. Cunninghame Graham's speech was seized I y the police. At the close of the speeches the demonstrators marched on the Spanish Embassy, where they came into contact with the police. Fortunaiely no serious damage was done, and no arrests were made in connection whit the disturbances. Our photograph shows shorthand writers from Scotland Yard taking notes. The speaker is Mr. J. O'Grady, M.P. _ _ .

===== 0002601_19091023_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW WESLEY DISCOVERIES.

John Wesley's journal is an English classic. Said Mr. Augustine•Birrell : "If you want to get into the eighteenth century, to feel its pulse throb beneath your finger,be content to leave the letters of Horace Walpole unturned, nay, even deny yourself your annual reading of Boswell and ride up and down the 'country with the greatest force of the 18th century in England. No man lived nearer the centre than John Wesley. You cannot cut him out of your national life. No single figure influenced so many minds, no single voice touched so many hearts. No other man did such a life's work for England. Happily for us, his journals remain,and from them we can learn better than from any- where else what manner of man he was, and the character of the times during which he lived and moved and had his being,"

• And again: "Read the journal, which is a book full of plots and plays and novels, which quivers with life, and is crammed full of character."

Well known to men of letters and diligently read by Methodists, it is only in recent years that it has become a popular book. In an abridged form it has been sold in hundreds of

"Then in regard to the love affair," said Mr. Curnock, with a smile, "the theory has always been that the girl was a flightly, superficial creature. Now, on Wesley's own showing in an exquisitely beautiful account of it which he wrote a year afterwards, we find that it was precisely the reverse. She was very young, a pupil of his,highly intelli- gent, in good circumstances, and having property. If he had married her she would have given him -an established colonial position of great influence apart from his own personal power. But she broke off everything suddenly by. marrying another man. Wesley himself was, as he frankly expl4ined to her, under a vow not to marry so long as he had any chance of carrying the Gospel to the Indians. He was clearly very much in love with her." "Don't you feel," Mr. Curnock was asked, "that this new matter gives us a more human Wesley and less of 'the tireless rider ' ? "

"Oh, very much more human," he replied, "and, at the same time, more remarkable. The story of the love affair gives us an inti- mate view of his emotional nature, and the new matter in relation to Oxford shows the extraordinary charm and winsomeness of his character." The first volume of the new Journals as edited by Mr. Curnock will ar

Ipear next

===== 0002601_19091023_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
• , 1- ./":".;e- -.3

6. ,l'A) ot VW. /4-7-7- el %C. _ • +

z "Jec.>"/

./o 7z-7- _ 12 r ,f 2 2 &Pei 6- 3 5" • ..,; crf 6- - 3 ,7312,r- - fr?-11--9,77z ' 6 e,cf--,7- 71 ?'l,l Z:f-j 6 g;gze.; --/ct 'et?. e ,•2, 6- - f

===== 0002601_19091023_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN WESLEY'S CYPHER.

A page from John Wesley's private journal written in the cypher which was so difficult of decipherment. The figures on the left mark the hours of the day, beginning with 12 midnight and showing how Wesley spent his time from 5 a.m., the hour of rising. The figures on the right record how many minutes in each hour were given to private devotion.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
thousands and several firms of publishers are giving it to the world in varied and dainty forms. Though a masterpiece of prose the journal seems to have been written without a thought for literary style. The passages are daily entries jotted down each evening with more or less care and intended at first as a private record. There came a day, however, when Wesley under provocation from a detractor decided to print the chief passages from his journal and began to issue it in shilling parts. These passages form the "Journal" as we have had it until now. Now comes the stimulating news that we are to have a transcription of the unpublished parts, together with many private and care- fully-made notes dating from Wesleys younger days. It comes as a shock and a reproof to us to learn that Wesley could find time not only for a daily entry in his journal, but for notes made every hour and contain- ing the results of his self-examinations. His days begin at 4 am. and end at 9 or 10 p.m. and every movement is accounted for. Frequently a few moments in each hour are devoted to prayer, and two or three times a day he looks into his heart and writes down his findings thereupon.

In addition to all this he wrote for his mother an account of his daily doings not omitting the most trivial of follies into which he was sometimes beguiled. We have had the privilege of inspecting some of these records, too sacred to be given to the world, and inspiring one with strange wonder. The thought of John Wesley, Oxford Under- graduate, thus laying bare his heart to his , mother is impressive indeed. We doubt if literature could show a parallel. The most trifling flirtations, the saying of words that might flavour of indiscretion, are recorded with terrible fidelity and it is a very human John Wesley that stands revealed. These things will not be given to the public, but we are to have very soon a transcription of some much more interesting matter. The private journals of Wesley's early manhood are written in Byrom's shorthand and cypher, and to the task of deciphering these Mr. Nehemiah Curnock has given several years of painstaking effort. The shorthand notes easily yielded, but the cypher, which was of Wesley's own making, has presented serious difficulty. Poring over the difficulties and almost ready to give them up, Mr. Curnock at last found the solution as Howe found the secret of making the sewing machine. By the unconscious action of the brain the clue was discovered and the result revealed in a dream.

We enjoyed the other day a chat with the veteran antiquarian to whose patience we owe these most interesting discoveries. Wesley is a man who, as Mr. Birrell says, cannot be left out of our history. He changed his century and has changed every genera- tion since. It is of the deepest interest therefore that we should see the man in the making, and these hourly records, these absolutely honest, penetrating, comments upon his own heart and motives show us the man as nothing else could do. The Wesley who stirred England " was a man already made. Hard trials and disappointments, varied experiences across the seas had quickened his senses and tempered his heart, and it is the record of these told in his own words that are to be read in the private journals. His early love story will now be known for the first time, and Mr. Curnock gives the emphatic opinion that the biography of his early life will have to be re-written. "As regards Georgia" said Mr. Curnock "on the most sober estimate, the new matter gives us a new and absolutely authentic view, not simply of John Wesley himself, but of Oglethorpe, the founder of the 'colony, and of the development of the colony itself.' _ _ _

" We discover -now that John Wesley was not only intimate with, but was confidential adviser and secretary of Oglethorpe, thus eaving his mark on Colonial government.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0090.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ON.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
month and then Wesley's numberless admirers will burn midnight oil. A.M.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. JOHN AMBULANCE BRIGADE.

Crosfield Shield Won by Northwich

The "Crosfield Shield" presented by Messrs. Joseph Crosfield and Sons, Ltd. 11 years ago to the North- Western District of the St. John Ambulance Brigade was competed for on Saturday afternoon in Croslield's Dining Hall.—The objects of the Brigade is certainly a worthy one, rand the services it has rendered are very much appreciated. Eight teams entered, and their performances reflected great credit npon them. The teams were as follows :—Bolton, Northwich, Stock- port, Whitetleld, Barrow-in-Furness, Oldham and Ratcliffe. The judges were : Dr. Pita (viva voce) and District Chief Superintendent Garnett (practical test.) The result was declared as follows (viva voce and practical test respectively) : Northwich, 81, 85 ; Bolton, 76, 82 : Barrow-in-Furness, 75, 78 : Oldham. 77, 68 ; Whitetield, 62, 65 ; Ratcliffe, 62, 68 ; and Stockport, 53, 77. Mr. J. J. CRO SFIELD presented the shield, and amongst those preseht were Colonel Trimble, C.M.G., V.D., L.R.C.P., Chief Snperintendent Waring (Warrington Corp), Superintendent Rose and first officer Cawley (Crosfield's). Mr. J. J. CnosriFam, after apologising for the absence of Captain Crosfield, who was addressing a N S.L. meeting at Sheffield, congratulated Colonel Tritubler and the Brigade on the efficiency they bad shown. Indeed, he should imagine they were not only proud of the Brigade, but proud to belong to it. The object of the Brigade was a noble and worthy one—to render first aid to the suffering. It was a training that all should go through for they would benefit by going through it. If any testimony were wanted as to the results attained they had not far to look for where there was a large concourse of people there were ambulance men present. Application had been made for their presence at Blackpool. If any further testi- many were wanted surely it was to be found in the fact. that the Government were prepared to call in their services for most responsible duties, for he understood they took up special training for service as reserves in the Army and Navy hospital work. Thus they had a new opportunity of serving their country and that WOS a fine duty to undertake. Dr. Bean was very pleased with the inspection he made. They required 1,400 men for that service and they had 700 and he hoped that division would supply a fair number of men. Con- tinuing he said his company had always taken a deep interest in that Brigade—(hear, hear)—and he thought it was only right as a large employer of labour that it should be so. St. John Ambulance Brigade was an organization which must have the sympathy of all and be felt also the support of all. But especially was that the case with manufac- turers, because as they knew, unfortunately accidents would and did occur in works and therefore there must always be a call on their services. For that reason his Company gate that shield years ago and if it had pro- moted competition amongst and benefitted the Brigade, it had well served its purpose. (Applause) He then presented the shield to the Northwich Brigade and also presented a clock to each of the members. He also presented field glasses to the Bolton team for being 2nd and carvers to Barrow-in-Furness for being 3rd. Colonel TRIMBLER proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Crosfield. Referring to Captain Crosfield he said that they had never had a very much better friend than Captain Crosfield. (Hear, hear.) He had displayed for a number of years a very keen interest in that Brigade. To show his keenness in the work he undertook the duty of occupying a position on his (the speaker's) staff and during that time he gave great assistance for which he was extremely grateful. The shield had been an incentive to keen competition in ambulance work and the firm might be well assured of the fact that it had rendered valuable services in the interests of first aid to the public in general. Continuing he said that the War Office had promulgated a scheme to assist the Territorial Royal Army Medical Corps in case of invasion as it was impossible with its present staff to cope with the work devolving upon them incase of war. The Brigade up to now had discharged a very patriotic duty in giving men to the sick berth home hospitals reserve and bearer companies.lle was thoroughly convinced that it would further demonstrate its patriotism in filling up the voluntary aid sections to be established immedi- ately throughout the country. There would then ha an ample opportunity again to the Sisters of the Brigade to join in that movement and he was convinced that the nursing units of the St. John Ambulance Brigade would enter heartily into the work. Conclud- ing he thanked the judges. Deputy Commissioner GARNETT seconded and the resolution was carried, the men giving three cheers. On the proposition of Captain WARING a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Colonel Trimbler and his officers.

The members and friend of the Brigade then partook of a splendid tea in the girls Dining Hall.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
lIERNIA.—The new Fluid Pad Truss never gets hard and is effoctual in most difficult cases. For slight cases the new Waterproof Washable Truss, which is always clean and most durable, is strongly recommended. - WIIITE & WRIGHT, Surgical Instrument Makers, 93, Renshaw at., opposite top of Bold at., Liverpool.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DEVELOPMENT BILL.

In submitting the Devdlopment Bill to the House of Lords, Lord Carrington said it was not a Right to Work Bill nor was it a Bill to establish relief works. I quite agree it is neither of these things. We are not very particular about the Right to Work provided we get the opportunity to work. I have never favoured the carrying out of great schemes of national develoOlent on the lines of relief works. The State should do these things on business lines. It should give good wages and good conditions, and by that it will attract the best workmen, and their places in private employment would be filled by the unemployed. It is most earnestly to be hoped that the Lords will spare the Development Bill. I can see no reason why they should seek to destroy it. It can do them no harm ; but on the contrary may be of great benefit to them, for anything which develops the coun- try adds to the value of land. Moreover, as the Chancellor of the Exchequer pointed out. it is proposed to do by public money under the powers of this Bill, things which good" landlords have been doing at their own expense, It is calculated that one half of the £500,000 a year,which is to be spent on public improvements will be a clear gift or saving to the landowners by doing for them what they had been doing for themselves.

Public -interest is so -absorbed in the Budget just now that little attention is given to the cry of the unemployed, But should severe weather come the state of things will become intolerable, and it is to be hoped that local authorities and the several Government departments will look round at once and try to see if they have any work they could put in hand to relieve the depression of the Labour Market.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
UNITED IRISH LEAGUE.

Address on Home Rule at Warrington.

The weeitly meeting of the Warrington branch of the United Irish League was held in the League rooms, Winwick-street, on Sunday evening last, when Dr. J. D. Liston presided over a large attendance. Mr. J. C. Dalton ('ate of Warrington and now president of the Chester U.1.L.) delivered an address on " Why does Ireland want Home Rule ?" He dealt with his subject in a lengthy and exhaustive manner and based his argu- ments chiefly on the failure of British rule in Ireland during the last 100 years. He maintained that Ireland should have the control of its domestic affairs, as it had been proved on every occasion that when legislation was introducedinto the House of Commons affecting I ribh questions the ignorance on those matters displayed by other than Irish members was very palpable. During the last 50 or 60 years ths population of Ireland had decreased by half, its population now being only 4,000,000. There had been a emit famine which bad carried away thousands of his country men and in addition to its baneful results they had had the sad spectacle of three separate insurrections. Those disaffections were clearly traceable to misgovernment and the refusal to administrate the law in accordance with Irish ideas and lush sympathies. A royal Com- mission bad shown that Ireland had for tits last 50 years been overtaxed to the extent of £2,750,000 per annum, but now the revenue from that country was less by £1,P00,000 than the cost to govern. That fact in itself, the speaker was sure, would make a serious Impression on the minds of the people of England. He believed that if the English workingmen were more thoroughly conversant with the question of Irish Government they would readily concede the Irish demand to-morrow. Certainly something was required to lift Ireland industrially and agriculturally from the state it was in at the present, and to the minds of the overwhelming majority of the Itish race throughout the world, there was no other remedy but Home Rule. (Applause). Councillor TOOLE proposed a vote of confidence in the Irish party in the House of Commons, so ably led by Mr. John Redmond. He said it was to the Irish party alone that they could look for any sensible settlement of the issue,vihich was very vital to the life of the Irish nation. They were all th4nkful for the splendid services which the I ribh party had rendered in the past and they would stand by them until the end was attained for which they had fought so long. No other question would be allowed by them to occupy a more prominent position than the question of Home Rule. (Loud applause.) Mr. P. CONWAY secondeci and the vote was carried heartily.

On the proposition of Mr. J. FAY a vote of thanks was passed to Mr. DALTON.

Mr, DALTON paid a similar compliment to the chairman which was heartily accorded. Tbe proceedings terminated with Mr. Dalton singing "God sate Ireland.''

Conscious of her Affliction.

She suffered mentally and physically through St. Vitus' Dance.

A Serious Nervous Disorder dispelled by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills.

Young girls are so very sensitive about any personal physical defect that St. Vitus' Dance is doubly dis- tressing for them to bear. As the malady develops, they become more and more disturbed by the fear of exciting ridicule. One of the saddest recollections of Miss Kate Thurgood, of 197, Derby-road, Chesterfield, relates to the time when she was a victim of St. Vitus' Dance, for her strange movements attracted general attention and the malady was greatly aggravated by this worry Recounting her troubles and what a wonderful recovery she made by means of Dr.- Williams' Pink Pills, Miss Thurgood said: " At about 13 years of age, I steadily lost strength and all interest in games and company. Gradually a numbness crept over my limbs and before long, deprived me of the use of my left hand. I soon felt very poorly nnd miserable. "My parents obtained the best advice and I took different medicines, but all the colour left my cheeks and I felt that nothing did me any good.

NO CONTROL OVER ITER MOVEMENTS

"As-time went on I became thin and lost all sense of feeling down one side of my body. I could not walk properly, but simply shuffled along, and soon began to notice a twitching in my limbs and muscles that I could not control. Also my face moved con- vulsively and it worried me to see how people noticed these antics. This brooding over my troubles made me worse and I dreaded being seen by anyone. I cannot tell how many different medicines were tried, but the twitching got worse, and all my limbs jumped unnaturally. I could not hold a book steadily in my hands. I grew quite melancholy, believing that there was no cure for me. "At this time mother read in a book that Dr, Williams' Pink Pills had cured many cases of St. Vitus' Dance, and so she sent for a supply of the pills for me. I felt the beneficial effect of these pills almost from the first, and after a time, instead of being always on the jump and jerk, my nerves grew composed and steady. "In time I gained a good colour and put on weight and as I continued taking the pills the twitchings dis- appeared and I had perfect control over my limbs again. I was quite able and happy to get about and no longer an object of curiosity. A. friend of mine also has been cured of St. Vitus' Dance by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills since my cure took place." That Dr. Williams' Pink Pills cure St. Vitus Dance and other Nervous Disorders is due to the fact that they Renew and Enrich the Blood, and so strengthen the distressed nerves. They have also cured repeatedly Anremia, indigestion, Headaches, Back- aches and Debility, -Eczema, Rheumatism, the effects of Overwork and Worry, Sciatica, and the ills of women. Sold by most dealers, but avoid substitutes, and look for the seven words on every package." Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People," or send 2s. 9d. for one box,,or 13s. 9d. for six boxes, to Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., 46,yolborn Viaduct, London.

...."1"..- v t\IN .1 Miii . 7._, ~ti,r!,.,_ =,.,\,,,,,,,, , , . vs , .:. ~!,,, .„ ~,, •..., .., . ‘,_.,,., .„_„,..,,,, ~,,,„,, , i - 1... _ ,),_,... ~,.,,,.i‘, 1". . I 1 \*--% 4,' , ~., , ..., , .....„, .0. \; . . T ' 10 I.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
, . _

.1 .1 FROM LABOUR'S STANDPOINT.

By Mr. Philip Snowden, M.P. THE NEW BUDGET CRY.

The opposition to the Budget has taken on a new form. The word has gone forth that the dukes must be dropped, and the cry of unemployment must be taken up. The Budget is to be attacked not because it taxes millionaires and landlords, but because it does nothing to find work for the unemployed. This is certainly calculated to be a more popular appeal. In this new crusade the solution of the Work-for-all problem is to be found by . taxing the foreigner. This is the alternative policy on which the opponents of the Budget are to fight the coming General Election.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
A GREAT GAIN.

' It is a great gain to have the unemployed question taken up by a great political party as the leading issue of a .General Election. Though we may differ altogether from the Tariff Reformers as. to the efficacy of their proposals we are glad that they are going to put them forward as a panacea for unemploy- ment. This will lead to a thorough examina- tion of their claim, and it will also compel other parties to submit alternative sugges- tions. Out of this conflict and controversy something may come which will benefit the unemployed.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
A PEER ON UNEMPLOYMENT

The Tariff Reformers have a job I do not envy in trying to prove that taxing imports will gain the home market for the British workman. It is positively astounding that a man like Lord Curzon should have com- mitted himself, as he did at Leeds a few days ago, to the statement that the importation of £150,000,000 worth of manufactured articles into this country every year,untaxed, is the cause of unemployment here. The statement involves a mass of incorrect and fallacieus assumptions. In the first place. there are not .£150,000,000 worth of manu- factured goods annually imported into this country. Included in that total is a very considerable volume of partly Manufactured articles which are worked up by British labour and re-exported. A tax on these things would destroy our trade in these lines.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPORTS AND LABOUR.

Sight is lost, also, of the fact that the importation of £150,000,000 worth of goods must employ a vast amount of labour in transport and handling. The goods are brought in British ships, and they require dockers, carriers, railwaymen, and,gthers to transport them. But the great llacy in Lord Curzon's statement—a fallacy which underlies all Tariff Reform statements and arguments—is that it ignores the fact that the imported goods are paid for by exported British manufactures. There is, of course, a certain proportion of our imports which represent the interest on foreign investments, and this interest would have to be paid in goods under Tariff Reform. Apart from the imports which represent interest on foreign investments, all other goods which come into the country are in payment of British manufactured goods sent abroad.. We have nothing to export but coal (which represents a large amount of employment) and manufactured goods, and the total.of our exports is about three times the figure given by Lord Curzon as the value of imported manufactured goods. The British workmen who are employed in making goods for, export might keep in Mind the fact that stopping imports means stopping exports, and thereby reducing the amount of employment at home.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
TAXING THE FOREIGNER

It is really too absurd of Lord Curzon to talk about "taxing the foreigner." This sort of stuff should be left to the street orators of the Tariff Reform League. The financial position of Germany, at her wits end to raise national revenue, and having to do so by internal taxation should have laid that fallacy forever. The Antißudget League is covering our hoardings just now with posters which represent the British workman staggering under a load of Customs duties. He evidently has to pay those now imposed, and in the same way he would pay all others which might be levied on imported goods. THE BUDGET AND UNEMPLOYMENT.

The problem of unemployment is serious, and the Tariff Reformers are at least doing good service in talking about it. Their propaganda, as I said, will compel other parties to submit alternative proposals. It is not true to say the Budget ,does nothing for-unemployment. It touches the unem- ployed question at several points. It is a very light touch I admit;' but it is a little, and on the right lines. The Chancellor of the Exchequer admits that he expects his new taxes to bring in a very much greater yield next year. He has promised to use part of that 'surplus for unemployment insurance, part for removing the poor law disqualification from the Old Age Pensions Act, and a good part of it for Dreadnoughts. The unemployed insurance scheme will do more than anything else. which is immediately practicable, for the unemployed. But in another way the Budget deals with employment. The Development Bill sets aside £2,500,000 for works of public utility, and also not less than £600,000 a year for making new roads. It is true that ten, twenty times these sums could be usefully devoted to these purposes, but these are beginnings on right lines.

THE " DISTRESSED " COMMITTEES. The Local Authorities are much concerned about the coming winter. Although the Board of Trade returns shows a percentage of unemployed which is lower than at this time last year, the demands which are being made upon the Distress Committees are much greater. The unemployed are register- ing in much larger numbers. The reason for this may be that some impression has got abroad that the Distress Committees are now better able to find work. Unfortunately that is not so.

A Conference representing some fifty Dis- tress Committees was held last week in Manchester. Every delegate had the same story to tell of utter inability to find work for their genuine unemployed. In their despair, the Distress Committees appeal to the Government. The Government have nothing to offer but the promises of legisla- tion to which I have referred. Meanwhile, until the promised legislation matures, there is apparently nothing for the unemployed to do but to wait and starve. This cannot and ought not to be allowed. If work cannot be found or made, maintenance should be pro- vided. This winter promises to be little or no better than last. We all remember the excuses for unpreparedness which were made a year ago. These excuses cannot avail now. I readily admit the difficulty of organising large schemes of work in a hurry; but, I repeat, that failing work the unemployed are entitled to maintenance.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0101.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19091023_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR SERIAL STORY.

[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.]

wno wOuta expect to ne greeted as a friend. In :point of fact, that was exactly what hap- pened; for when, in the course of the even- ing, Rufus Cridge visited a music-hall, a hand was suddenly clapped upon his shoulder, and a man who was an utter stranger to him ;meted him laughinalv. ••111.3r clear .13;tael.u.iie, w:io in the, world would have thought of il•xling you in such a ala oe -as this?" said the man, who warn In 3vening dress, and who was evidently one of a small and rather festive party. "There ire quite a lot of fellows here you know. They've heard all about the coming-of-age business and what not. We'll make a night )fit." _

„. "Thanks—but I can't do that,” said Cridge, backing away nervously. "The truth of the matter is I'm in London solely on business. I've only looked in here for half-an-hour. So you'll have to excuse me, please." "Why—what's come over you?" exclaimed Lie other -man. "Prosperity doesn't seem to agree with you. You used to be veiy dif- fere tit- " _ _

Rufus Cridge got away from him, with ,muttered excuses, and left the building. Outside in the street he thrust John Baxen- dale's hat from off his forehead and breath. heavily, and looked with a startled face into this new question as he had not looked be- fore. The game interested him—the very danger of it appealed to him,- but it waa such a matter of fighting in the dark. Now I come to think of it, I wish I'd taken what he had to offer and cleared out," said Cridge to himself. "Too late now. He's not likely to forgive me for his recep- tion at our hands. Why the deuce did I listen to the old woman? Why did I plunge into this busines.s without counting the chances more carefully? Besidcs, when he Comes to himself—" _

He went striding away through the streets, Li sing to gain control over himself— striving to formulate some plan for his future con- The Rufus Cridge that had been so miexpectedly cast aside kept doing things that John Baxendale would not have done— obtruded himself in the walk of John Baxen- iale and in John Baxendale's manners. Thus, when Rufus Cridge wanted to think about some matter he leant against a wall, ind thrust his hat on the back of his head in the old Rufus Cridge fashion, forgetful that he was an exceedingly well-dressed young man, and not the loafer he had been. It was after recoverino., himself from one of those deep thinking fits that he suddenly smote one fist into the palm of the othe- hand, and laughed aloud as a new thought occurred to him. By Jove! I'd forgotten that that which changes me changes him," he ex- Aaimed aloud. "There is a John Baxendale in the world—and a Rufus Cridge; and I'm the John Baxendale! When he comes to himself he is. in Rufus Cridge's home, and in Rufus Cridge's clothes, if he puts his shabby %gad outside Middleton's Rents every cons able will know him for Rufus Cridge. What the deuce have I. got to be afraid of ? "

His difficulties were magnified on the fol- lowing morning, when, as John Baxendale, he had to make his way to the little town of Deepington, and to Baxendale Hall. Here he knew he was coming to close quarters with the enemy; for this would be no place for chance encounters, but a place where every- one knew him, and would know all about him. He thought about that in the train on the journey down, for he knew that he was entering a place where John Baxendale had been known as a child and a boy and a man for a quarter of a century, and where he was, in a sense, the chief personage. And in that time John Baxendale had made friends and doubtless enemies; and this .new John Bax- endale must take his place, and know all about the game from the beginning. - Much must be left to chance; perhaps the extri, ordinary luck that had attended him in his first venture would stick to him throughout. At Deepintston Station an obsequious porter opened the door of the carriage, and touched his cap to the apparent John Baxendale. Rufus Cridge, looking quickly round, won- dered if by any chance there was anyone to be met here or to be greeted; saw with re- lief that the station was comparatively clear. He was quick enough to understand, how- ever, that as the house was some consider- able distance from the railway some vehicle should have been in attendance to meet him; that was a point he had omitted to take into consideration. Properly, of course, he should have telegraphed; now there was nothing for it but to make the best of the business, and to walk. The stationmaster had a pleasant word to say to the young man, and asked if he was expecting anything to be sent from the Hall. Rufus shook his head, and said that he intended to walk. He had an unpleasant feeling that as he went out of the station yard the stationmaster and the porter were looking after him curiously. In that he was deceived. Their sole interest in him lay in a feeling of surprise •at the extra- ordinary gruffness of manner assumed by the usually pleasant and genial John Baxendale. He came at last to the lodge gates, and turned into the long drive leading to tilt" house. And then for the first time the craven fear of the man whct on that other night had crept through the shadows and had broken into the house swept over him, and almost made him turn back. For he heard in the distance again that baying of the hounds that he had heard before; shivered when he re- membered how he had trembled at the thought that they might be loose and might Hunt him down and tear at him. He was glad to think they were chained; he went on again with renewed confidence. But the dogs were loose after all. He did not fully realise that until he had come within a short distance of the house, and met a groom riding, with three or four great clo'gs leaping and playing about, him and the horse. They saw this John Baxendale walk- ing. With joyous barks they made straight for him. And then in a moment thti first of them stopped, sniffed suspiciously, and drew back; bared his teeth in a snarl, and started barking fiercely, circling with the others round the man, who kept his crafty eyes upon them. As the groom rode up, one of them, bolder than the others, made a savage leap sideways, and almost caught Cridge by the arm. . .

"Here—beat thew) brutes off!" exclaimed Cridge, backing away from the dogs, and making a cut at one of them with a light cane be carried. "Beat them off, I say!" The groom, in utter bewilderment, rode straight in among the dogs, beating them off with his whip, and crying to them loudly. He kept his eyes on his master, looking at him in a strange, hesitating manner, as though he did not understand this extra- ordinary turn of events. " W'y!—vvot's come over 'em, sir?" he ex- claimed. "It .looks almost as if they didn't know you, sir. I never saw anything like it." "Send them back to the house and fasten them up. See they're not loosed again," said Rufus Cridge, shaking from head to foot. "Understand that I hold you responsible for them. If any of them are loosed again they shall be shot. Now, take them back to the house."

The man, a little hurt on his own account, touched his hat sulkily, and plied his whip savagely among the dogs, and sent them be- fore him up towards the house. Rufus Criqe leant against a tree, breathing heavily and wiping the sweat from his face. He had evidently been badly frightened. "I don't like this," lie muttered to him- self. "It's a bad beginning! It's a mighty bad beginning!"

Coming to -the house itself, he found him- self in no better plight. As we already know, his former entrance and , exit had been by means of windows, secretly. He knew no- thing of the house in any way, and yet was. supposed to be absolutely familiar with it. With what confidence he could command he went up to the great doors, and was in dills course admitted by an obsequious servant, who took from him John Baxendale's hat and waling-stick. Rufus Cridge saw before him round the great hall half-a-dozen doors, and he decided that he must make a plunge for one of them.

tile cnoice was a' aisastrous one. lie opened the door of a room, hich happened to be the smoking-rooth, ancl came 'face to face with a young man, stout of body and round of face, who was at that very moment lighting a cigar. It was, of course, Dick Munby, who Clad played his part of the dor- mouse to perfection, and had, in a sense, been utterly forgotten • by John Baxendale. For Baxend4e, as we know, had gone out to lunch on that day when Munby should have gone to town; and, as luck would have it, Dick Munby had slept through the whole morning, snd had only woke un after his Pena (tact no out to se 6 Evelyn and her aunt. Then tt had occurred to him that after a solitary lulch he would go for a walk, and would come back in time to explain to his friend. But he returned to discover that John Baxendale had gone to London. Dick having no concerns of his Own anywhere, de- cided and his explanation until the following day. So that here he Was in the smoking-room, ready to meet this new John Baxendale. Rufus Cridge stopped, and stared at the man with natural astonishment; and, strangely enough, that was just the astonish- ment that Dick Munby expected. He laughed a little foolishly, and held out his hand. • -

. "I'm awfully sorry, Jack," he said, a little "I overslept myself yesterday—and then you bolted off before L had a chance to explain. So X thought I'd wait and tell you how sorry I was that I had outstayed my wel- come."

Rufus Cridge was quick to grasp the situa- tion. This was a friend of John Baxendale, and must be treated with cordiality. He grasped Dick's hand, and laughed, and spoke with frankness.

"My dear boy, stay as long as you like," he said. "I should have been quite sorry to find you gone." "But you expected that I should have gone yesterday morning," said Dick, in some sur- prise. What took you off in such a hurry yesterday?" "I had to go to London—on business," said Cridge. "I suppose nothing's happened in my absenoe? " "Miss Kaylor cane? this morning—quite early, I %believe," said Dick, puffing at his cigar. "What a lucky fellow you are, Jack!" he added.

"I suppose I am," retorted Rufus Cridge, putting together the two points that a Miss Kaylor had called, and that he sins a lucky fellow on that account. He found himself wishing that he knew Miss Kaylbr's Christian name. He had, too, an uneasy sense that this man., whose name hottlid not know, was watching him curiously. "How glum you are, Jack," said Dick Munby; not like yourself in the least. What's wrong with you?" , "Nothing that I'm aware of," said Cridge, impatiently. "What should be wrong with me? Why do you stare at a man bike that?" "I beg your pardon. I'm sure," retorted the other, a little ruffled. "By the way, there are some letters for you there, and a note left by Miss Kaylor." He pointed as ho spoke to some letters on the table. It was strange work opening another man's letters in the prennee of a witness. Rufus Cridge hardly liked it—not from conscien- tious scruples, but because he had not yet persuaded himself fully that lie mils safe in this new character. However, he contrived to open the letters, finding nothing very in- teresting in them, until he came to the note this mysterious "Miss Kaylor" had written. He could scarcely control the laughter that rose up in him as he opened the note and read it. It was wonderful to think how he held this girl as well as John Baxendale in his power. " DEAREST,—I am a little worried and anxious about you; you seemed out of sorts yesterday, and I cannot understand this sudden and mysterious going away. You should have no secrets from me, Jack dear. If anything troubles you I want you to let me help you. Please come and see me directly you return. "Always your own

" EVELYN."

He was to go and see her—and he had not the remotest notion where she lived. So much was gained, because he knew her name now; but he dreaded this encounter more than he had dreaded anything yet. His knowledge of the world taught him that the eyes of a woman were keener than those of a man—especially the eyes of a woman in love; she might penetrate to the heart of the busi- ness at once. Yet that was unlikely, because it was obvious from the lettet that John Bamendale, although troubled about this strange discovery of his brother, had told the girl nothing concerning it. Therefore she would be unsuspicious—and in that lay Rufus Cridge's safety. • "Nothing the matter, I hope, Jack?" said Munby, watching the other's serious face. "No—nothing the matter," answered Criclge. "Only she wants me to go and see her."

"Well, that's easy enough, I shoul think," said Dick, with a laugh. "I sup- pose, by the way, you won't mind if I stay till the evening?—there's nothing to take mg., to London in a hurry," he added. "My dear boy, I'll be delighted," said the other; "and if you've nothing better to do, you might walk down with me. I'll go and. see—see Evelyn at once." That artful thought had occurred to him as an easy Way out of the difficulty. But he ' was to be checkmated in an unexpected' fashion; for Die& Munby laughed, and his reply meant a dashing to the ground of Rufus Cridge's hopes. "With pleasure, my dear fellow," said Dick; "but you'll have to shew me the way. I've never had the grivilege of visiting Miss Dorcas Stubbs or her niece, and I know no- thing about this part of the country. Come along, I'm your man!" Here was a pretty situation! Rufus Cridge would have to walk out of the house and start off in some direction or other; and he would have this man, whose eyes already seemed to be watching him with suspicion, as a witness of the extraordinary fact that he did not know his way to the house of the lady he was to marry. However, to do him justice, Rufus Cridge was no coward—he faced the situation at once. In some,,fashien things would play into his hands. If would trust to luck to pull him •through. Fortune certainly fought for him on this occasion. As by a species of instinct he sta'rted to walk' through the grounds accom- panied by this man whose name he did not know, he wished he had looked more care- fully at the photograph he had seen on the night of his first coming to Baxendale Hall; but even in that matter he was to be helped marvellously, for suddenly the man beside him exclaimed, "How impatient these lovers are! She's coming to meet you!"—and he saw- coming towards them through the trees a young girl. He began to wonder desperately then how he should greet her, and what she would say to him._

"I think I'll leave you together," said Dick; but Rufus Cridge took him by the arm, and drew him on. And in that way they. met the girl who was coming straight to- wards them, and looking only, as it seemed, at the supposed John Baxendale. ' "Dear Jack!" she exclaimed, in a low tone, as she took his hands. And then in a moment she had dropped her eyes from his face, and was looking curiously at the hands she held. "Why, what have you been doing with your fingers?" she asked in amazement. He understood at once that this delicate woman had discovered what a man might not have noticed—that in the place of the smooth, well-kept hands of John Baxendale were the hands of Rufus Cridge, with hard, rough skin, and with broken, stumpy nails. He almost snatched the hands away from her, with a laugh that had in it something of. defiance. "What should I have been doing mith them? " he demanded, roughly. "A little secret business, if you must know; a little rough work of an amateur sort. How are you, my dear?" He made an awkward movement, and en- circled her with his arm;_ she drew away from him, hurt and offended and pained, and glanced with a burning face at Munby. Mun- by was looking, for his part, in undisguised astonishment at this extraordinary John Bax- endale, whose manners seemed to have left him with the smoothness of his hands. "Oh, I'm sorry," said Cridge, with 'an awkward laugh; but we don't count him, you know. I had your note; I was coming tr vou."

"if you'll excuse me, Miss Kaylor, I'll ,walk back to the house," said Dick Munby, glancing for a moment at Rufus Cridge. I shall see you presently, Baxendale," he added, a little stiffly: As he went away Dick Munby muttered to himself: "If I didn't know him, I should swear the man had been drinking. I wonder if he's worrying over anything? I wonder if anything's gone wrong with him? He seems very strange—quite unlike himself." Meanwhile. Rufus Cridge walked on beside the girl, casting furtive glances at wit-, wondering What he should say. She was very beautiful, with a beauty of which her por- traits had given no real hint; a fierce feeling grew up in the man's mind that here was linnething else worth possessing, and ready to his hand in that new character of John Baxendale. This was the Woman John Bax- endale was to marry; and here was the new John Baxendale, cheated of his birthright for so many years, and coming fully into it now in good earnest. "I didn't mean to upset you, Evelyn," he said. presently, schooling his voice to a new softness. "Only you know that I love you, you know what my feeling for you is—" "Oh, it's all right, Jack,' she replied hastily, with a smile and blush. "Only you were a little demonstrative, you know. We won't say any more about it. I want you to tel me what it was that took you off in such a hurry, and why you seemed so worried yester- day. Come, tell me everything." . . . .

She slipped her hand -coaxingly into his- arm; he kept those tell-tale hands of his in his pockets. "Oh, it was only a matter of business," he said—" a sudden call to Lon- don. I want you to promise me something, Evelyn—something that means more to me than life or death—or anything." He stopped, and he now stood facing her; his hands were gripping hers. •• , Yes Jack—what is it?" she asked. _

" I want you to marry me as soon as r-s- -sil,le; I want there to be no delay;" he said: I've got an idea that all sorts of , things might happen—all sorts of things do happcn to a man who has money. . I want you to marry me—well, as soon ars it can be arranged." "But it is to be in a month, dear,' she pleaded. "I couldn't be ready. before."

"You must be," he answerea. "I'll make arrangements somehow; you must be ready." And then suddenly he put his arms about her and held her close, so that she struggled a little, protestingly, in his grasp. "Jack! Jack! You hurt me ! "

He kissed her roughly, and let her go. She looked at him for a moment, and then turned, muttering something about going back, and ran away from him through the woods. He stood looking after her, laughing. "I'll (1-.) it," he said. If I marry her I cement my pesition; I'm John Baxendale to the end of time. Let the other man have a turn at being Rufus Cridge—loafer and thief, cud what not. PH defy him to come back. gatne's mine; no one'll find out the truth until it's too late. It's a better game than I thought." His exultation was bound to find a vent; and the dull, quiet house was scarcely the place in which to find it. Dick Munby went off early in the evening—dismissed a little curtly, if the truth be told, by John Baxen- dale; and that John Bamendale, as he was sitppesed to be, looked about in. search for amusement. Nothing presented itself, and be determined that he would go fuither afield. Before doing so, however, he nerved himself for the coming ordeal with the aid of a con- siderable quantity of champagne at dinner; and then sallied out, and made his way into the quiet and unsuspecting little town of Ikepington. There is a quiet little inn at Deepingten, known as the Baxendale Head—the very model of what an inn should be; but en that particular night it was disturbed and shaken to its depths. Mr. Felix Goode, bay- ing other business to transact with Mr. Jilin Baxendale, after his return +0 London, had suddenly made up his mind to journey down to Baxendale ; and, as it happened, on that night he walked through the little town of Deeptngton on his way to the Hall; for it was Er fine night, and the old man felt he would enjoy the walk. Coming in time to the Baxendale Head, he heard a great disturb- ance—a sound of rioting and shouting and singing; and stopped for a moment in some curiosity. The highly respectable landlord, who had known Mr. Goode for years, and who happened to be at the doer, ran out, and caught him by the arm, and implored his help. It seemed that young Mr. Baxendale had, in the most unaccountable fashion, entered the inn, and had "made free," as the land- lord expressed it, with everybody; had with difficulty been coaxed into a private room, and locked in. The landlord could not under- stand it; would Mr. Goode go up and talk to the young gentleman? Very much perturbed, Mr. Goode went up and opened the door, and shut himself in with Rufus Cridge. Rufus Cridge, recognising him even in his drunken condition as "the lawyer, man," - begged him to sit down and make a night of it; "John Baxendale, what is this?"' ex- claimed the old man, in deep distress. "What have you been doing?" "To the deuce with John Baxendalc ! " exclaimed the other. " Call me Rufus, old friend, and we'll make a night of it ! " Felix Goode stared at him, going close to him for the purpose; clapped a hand upon his awn lips to restrain a pry. "The other man ! " he whispered, falling wick from the reeling creature before him. "But where's John Baxendale?"

(To be continued.)

===== 0002601_19091023_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
HIS FATHER'S SON.

BY TOM GALLON

'Author of " Tatterley," "Picky Monteith," "Kiddy," "A Rogue in Love,' "Fate's Beg- gar 'Maid," The Charity Ghost," &c.

SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS: The guests have separated after the dinner which celebrates John Baxendale's inheritance of his fortune, and he has told Evelyn Kaylor, the beautiful girl ho is to marry, that he has not a care in the world. Yet there is a strange foreboding of coming ill. He feels practically certain that someone is prowling about the grounds. When the last guest has retired, Felix Goode, the family lawyer, begins the unfolding of the sinister secret which is to alter the whole tenour of John 13axendale's life. In revenge for a wrong which his father did to a woman named Johanna Cridge she had stolen away one of twin sons, leaving the awful message that, just as her life had passed into darkness and evil, so should his. He should be educated, and yet trained to a life of infamy. That brother of John Baxen- dale may now at any time confront him. This story is told him at his father's request, under his dying injunction that it shall be preserved a secret. Baxendale, when on the way to his room, hears a sound in-the drawing-room. Entering, and go- ing to one of the windows, he confronts and seizes a burglar, to find himself face to face with a man in his own likeness._ _ .

Then John Baxendale does a dramatic thing. Inquiry convincing him that this man is his own brother, he astonishes him with the assurance that he purposes to divide equally the inherit- ance between them on the sole condition that the new-comer leaves the country and keeps the secret. He is taken with Rufus's suggestion that he should go and see the life he has lived, and so one evening makes his way to Middle- ton's Rents, on the south side of the river. On entering the house he is. felled from behind. With mischief in his eye, Rufus Cridge puts on the clothes of his wealthy brother.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER 111.

The woman seated by the fire had not moved, save to glance round once, when John Baxen- dale was struck down. She turned now, and re- garded this transformed Rufus Cridr and the prostrate man on the floor. Raising her head to look at him, she displayed a face old and wrinkled, but which must at one time have been one of striking beauty; the eyes still held some of their old fire and lustre. She called out sharply, to Cridge. "Don't stand there. Get away to your work; you know what you have to do," sitti exclaimed. "This is the chance of your life; go and seize it." "Don't you worry about me, mother," said Rufus, adjusting John Baxendale's hat care- fully on his own head. "It was a wonderful bit of luck that I should start off—all on my own account—to crack my own crib, as it were. I've told you what happened. This wonderful brother of mine "—he spurned the prostrate figure with his foot—" actually of- fered to share everything with me—on con- dition that I went abroad! I think I see myself going abroad—after having been cheated of my birthright for 'a quarter of a century. I've been the sport of others so far; now the game is in my hands, and I can do what I like."

"And we shall all live 'appy ever after- wards ! " exclaimed one of the men who had been lounging at the window when John Baxendale first came in—an old man, with ragged grey hair and . a venerable grey beard. "Because we're all in it, Rufus, you know."

---"Trust Amos Voles to make the most of the business and to look after his share of the plunder," said Cridge, with a laugh. "Well, perhaps you're right • we've had lean times long enough, and the fat ones are com- ing. And we'll all'share; we'll all have the fat times—in a certain proportion." The old woman had risen from her chait by the fire. She walked across the room to where Rufus Crjdge stood. With no tender- ness about her, she took him by the elbows and turned him round, and then back again, examining him closely. The two men who had assisted in the business drew back, half in fear and half in respect for her. "It's a great game," said the woman at last; "and you've been well trained for it, Rufus. Don't forget your lesson. The house of Baxendale begins from to-day fo go down- hill; the new John Baxendale begins to go the pace, and starts that great game of drag- ging the name of Baxendale in the dust. I spit upon Baxendale! I leave you to the work you have to do. By the memory of the dead child—poor thing of shame !—I held in my arms, and whose place you took, I send you out to do your work—and to do your worst. Go!"

She touched him lightly on the breast, m if in a sort of uncanny benediction; then turned quickly to the other men. "Put the old clothes on him," she said, indicating the unconscious Bamendale. "We must have a Rufus Cridge in the house, to ehew if necessary." • "Good-bye, mother," said Cridge, putting an arm for a moment carelessly round the old woman's shoulders, and kissing her. "You shall hear from me in a day or two: I won't forget. The first person I have to pass is the constable at the end of the court. H's a little afraid that something may have happened to John Baxendale. I'll convince him that hie fears were groundless. Do I look all right? Am I the man that came into this place a quarter of an hour ago? Look me_ over _carefully."

"Go!" exclaimed -the old woman again. And Rufus Cridge, subduing himself to the new character he had to play, went out of the room, and down the stairs into the court.

At the end of the court he was careful to nod to the constable (who had hitherto re- garded him, in the character of Rufus Cridge, as a man to be watched) and to as- sure that astute officer that all was well with him. "You weret afraid I shouldn't come back, eh?" he said, slipping a coin into the man's hand. "They're a rough lot—but I wasn't to be frightened by them. Good-night to you "And good-night to you, sir," said the conetable, touchicg his helmet. "There's one of 'em that's about as tough a lot as you could come across—been in our 'ands good- ness knows 'ow many times. Rufus Cridge is the man I mean, sir." "I know the chap you mean. You keep an eye on him," said Mr. Cridge; and so, with a nod to the constable, departed. In a sense, Rufus Cridge may be said to have shared those feelings, in a larger way, that had belonged to John Baxendale at an earlier period of the day; only that in this case the man had stepped out of an old husk, as it were—a butterfly from Out a grub. He thrust his hands into his pockets and fin- gered the money there, and a bunch of keys that belonged properly to Baxendale; re- membered, with a feeling of relief, how easily he had been mistaken for Baxendale on the previous night, and began to under- stand that there was an easy prospect before him, and that life generally had taken a newer and a better shape. It was for him to make the beet of it.

Night had fallen, and all London was be- fore him as it had never been before; he had money to spend, and he had unlimited credit. The -thoughts of the man turned to certain low haunts where, as Rufus Cridge, he was well &flown. He pictured himself flinging money about among old shady cronies, and cutting a dash generally. But that would • not do. Rufus Cridge was left behind in Middleton's Rents, and was to be accounted for there; this new John Baxen- dale had to, be careful of what he did. He determined to go to a first-class hotel for the night, and to-morrow to take up his new position ad John Bamendalo of Baxenclale Hall.

Difficulties beset him at the outset. Hie sole strength lay in the extraordinary like- ness to his brother; and to that power he had cot yet become used. He knew that at any moment he might brush against a man in the ptreet who knew John Baxendale .welL and

===== 0002601_19091023_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
HOCKEY.

Latchford defeated Leigh last week 7-0 despite a fine exhibition of goal-keeping by the visiting custodian. The Leigh forwards failed to make use of several opportunities of scoring or the win or Latch- ford would not have been so pronounced. The game was fast aud open throughout and the home team were only a goal in front at half time. Banks having cleverly hooked the ball in the net. Immediately after the interval, however, following a run down by the left wing, Pearson further increased the lead with a smart shot, and this caused an epidemic of scoring for before the conclusion of the game Travis scored twice. Hackney once, and Pearson and Banks also made their contribution with two each. The Lanchford backs played well aid Travis nod his wings had a lively game. To-day the First Eleven at Winnington Park is as follows t—J. Appleton, goal l J. Wilkinson, W. H, Pickles. backs; F. Tole. A. Knight, J. Albinson, halves ; H. Booth, H. Parker, J. B. Wilkinson, E. Banks, C. Hackney, forwards. Referee, Mr. Cobb. 'Bus leaves Bridge Foot 1.30 prompt. The Second Eleven to receive Swinton Park at Latchford is A. Hill, goal ; T. Dixon, W. Unsworth, backs ; W. Isaac, G. H. Heald. W. Eccles, halves ; J. Welding, P. Allanson. A. Starkey, G. Unswortb, J. Pearson, forwards. Referee, Mr. Warburton. Bully-off 2.45 p.m.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
Order of Druids.

The annual meeting of the Royal Arch Chapters of the Order of Druids was held on Saturday at the White Horse Hotel, Worsley, when the whole of the Chapters were represented, with the exception of Manchester No. 1 District, and Stockton-on-Tees, Bros. Robert Perdue and Edwin Allen representing the Warrington District. The meeting reported a net decrease in membership. of seven during the past year, but a slight increase m the funds. A proposi- tion to amend rule enacting that it shall be obligatory for a member to continue his membership in the primitive order to entitle him to full benefits in the chapter was ultimately withdrawn on the understand- ing that it be sent to the various lodges for their con- sideration and be placed upon the agenda for further discussion and settlement next year. Nominations were sent in from Salford, Wigan and Warrington Districts for the Office of President and ultimately Bro. Edwin Allen (Warrington District) was elected President for the next twelve months. Bro. J. T. Shepherd (Salford District) was re-elected Secretary and Bro. W. R. Proctor (Salford District) was re-elected Treasurer. It was decided to hold the next annual meeting in Warrington.

THE "SPRING CHICKEN "AT WIDNES. At Widnes on Monday, P. Leech, of City•gardens, St. Helens, wits fined £1 for stealing a chicken the property of Fred Wilson, greengrocer, Waterloo-road. He called at the shop and priced the bird, but when the assistant turned her back he ran away with the chicken. Police-constable Quinn arrested him later with the fowl in his possession. He•pleaded guilty and said he we sorry.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN LIBERALS.

ANNUAL TEA MEETING AND CONCERT

The Benefits of the Budget.

One of the most successful gatherings ever bold in connection with the Warrington Women's Libeial Association was the annual tea and concert which took place in the Bold-street Wesleyan schoolroom on Monday evening. The Association, which has already done great service in the progressive cause, continues to make encouraging heads ay and no doubt it is destined to play an equally useful part in furthering the advance of Liberalism whenever an appeal to the electorate is made. The arrangements for Monday's social meeting were all that could be desired and the members and friends spent a very pleasant evening. About 250 eat down to an excellent tea, the catering being in the bands of Atkinson's Cafe, Limited. The following ladies assisted at the tables :---Mesdames ,Lindley, Pemberton, Locker, Osborne, Clegg, Farness, Simpson, OR en, Walker, Dutton,Maginn and O'Brien and Miss Short. The concert was presided over by Mrs. C. E. Palker (president of the association), who was accompanied on the platform by Mrs. Armitage, Mks Crosfleld, Mrs. Walker (bon. treasurer)) and Mrs. 04orne (hon. secretary). Songs were given in delight- ful style by Miss Cox, Miss Jones and Miss Plinston. Mrs. PARKER, in the course of a short address; said they were there primarily as a Women's Liberal Associa- tion and as a rule they had a lecture on some political or social subject to teach them how to be good Liberals. That night, however,they were to have a change as Miss Croslield had kindly promised to give them an account of her recent trip to India. Continuing Mrs. Parker extended a hearty welcome, on behalf of the association' to all present. They were delighted to see such afine gathering—it was quite the best she had been to in connection with the associa- tion—and to be assembled under such happy circum- stances. They might congratulate themselves on having secured such a splendid room, which was so comfortable and convenient. She did not know whether all present were staunch Liberals. She hoped they were, and if they were not she hoped they soon would be. These ,were days of great activity, when they needed to stir up all the loyalty they could possibly command. Unfortunately a great many of them did not exactly know why they were Liberals and when they beard the other side of the question they were apt to think that side was quite as good, whereas if they knew the facts it was not half as good. (Applause.) It was always a great puzzle to her why workingpeople should be Conservatives, but. she could understand rich people supporting that party. Why the workers of the country should do so she did not know, because there was everything in the Liberal programme and principles that was in favour of the workingpeople, and it was the effort of the Liberal party to safeguard their rights. They had only to look at the Liberal record for the past three years, and they would feel great satisfaction in having rendered a Liberal member. (Applause.) If the Liberal Govern- ment bad done nothing but give old age pensions— (applause)—it would be a memorable Government for all time. She had no doubt everybody in that room knew of some heart which had been lightened and some home relieved from want by the certainty of receiving ss. a week. The Budget asked all to contribute a little towards the pensions, and what made the Budget such a memorable and wonderful thing was its great fairnesss in only asking those who could not pay much to pay a little, and in asking those who were rolling in wealth and splendour, and who would not feel it however much they paid, to pay in proportion to their incomes. That was what all the furore was about. Those who heard Mr. Ure's address at Warringkon would remember that he told them a significant fact—that although proportionately the poor were taxed as much as the wealthy, there had been no grumbling, murmur- ing, or unwillingness on their part to pay their share. All the talk about poverty and having to. give up different things had come from those who could well afford to pay the taxation that had been put upon them. She was not going to launch into a speech on the Budget but she wished them to understand that it was primarily intended to safeguard the people of England, their homes and their labour, and to make the conditions happier and better for everyone, and chiefly for those who had not too much happiness in their lives. Mr. Winston-Churchill—(applause)--summed up the Budget in his magniflcient speech on Saturday and she would quote them a short extract : .

Upon what objects and policies do we propose to spend the extra revenue which this Budget will unquestionably yield in future years? People talk vaguely of the stability of society, of the strength of the Empire, of the permanence of a Christian civilisation. On what foundation do they seek to build? There is only one foundation—a healthy family life for all.—(Hear, hear). If large classes of the population live under conditions which make it difficult, if not impossible, for them to keep a home together in decent comfort., if the children are' habitually underfed, if the house- wife ' is habitually overstrained, if the bread- winner is under employed or underpaid, if all are unprotected and uninsured against the common hazards of modern industrial life, if sickness, if accident, if infirmity, if old age, if unchecked intemperance or any other curse or affliction break up the home, as they break up thousands of homes, and scatter the family, as they scatter thousands of families in our laud, it is not merely a waste of earning power or the dispersal of a few poor sticks of furniture ; it is the stamina, the virtue, the safety, and the honour of the British race that is being squandered. (Cheers). No, the object of every single constructive proposal to which the revenues raised by this Budget will be devoted, not less than the object of the distribution of the taxes which make up the Budget, is to buttress and fortify the homes of thepeople. Look at them for yourselves—the old age pensions which have been given already on a scale unexampled in any other country, the legislation which has practically passed through Parliament to deal with the evils of sweating where they are found to exist, the attempt to multiply small hold- ings, which we have not done with yet, the improved methods of finding work through a system of labour exchanges, the system soon to be Intro- duced of insurance against unemployment, the State-aided insurance against invalidity, against sickness, and for a provision for widows and orphans. The main object and result of each and all of these is to give a greater measure of security to the family and tho home of the sober and industrious worker. (Cheers.) That is our aim, to that task we have bent our backs. In that labour we shall not be daunted by the machine-made abuse of partisans or by the nervous clamour of selfish riches. What- ever power may be given us shall be used for this object. Continuing, Mrs. Parker said they were wives and mothers to whom home was far and away the most important thing in life and the safeguarding of that and the giving to their childten the best possible conditions must always be their first aim and object. That was what the Budget meant to the women of England and of Warrington. At the last election there was glorious enthusiasm and the women all rallied round and did their utmost in support of Mr. Arthur Crosfleld—(applause)—who was the champion of the untaxed cupboard and the cheap loaf. Free Trade was the great issue at the last election and now there was talk of a fight on the Budget. When the election did come she was certain the women of Warrington

would rally in the progressive ranks and help to return Mr. Ciostleld triumphantly at the head of the poll. (Applause). Alluding to the question of the franchise Mrs. Parker said she was strongly in favour of women having the vote but she was dead against alt law breaking and a great deal of the notorious conduct of some of the advocates of the movement. As to the right of women to the vote, her feeling was just the same as it had always been. Until they got the vote they could influence those with whom they lived to support the right man and do something to spread the knowledge of Liberal principles. (Applause). In con- clusion Mrs. Parker announced that she had received letters regretting inability to attend from Miss Bessie Mitten and Mrs. Garnett,and a telegram and donation from Mrs. A. H. Crosfield.

Miss TRUDA CROSFIELD then gave a most interest- ing account of her trip to India, which has already been described in the "Examiner." She referred to the history and customs of that wonderful land and her itinerary included places like Cawnpore fraught with sad recollections to Englishmen by reason of their associations with the horrors of the mutiny. Miss Crosfield spoke in praise of the English rule in India and expressed the opinion that the great majority of the inhabitants looked upon the English with grati- tude and respect because of the relief works and the help to agriculture which they had established. It was only a few of the educated people who were trying to breed unrest. She was struck with the fact that there seemed to be so little real poverty in India. The famines were terrible when they came, but the lot of the poor was much easier than it was in these cold northern countries. They were able to exist on very little, but on the whole they looked contented and free from care. She was told on good authority that the land question in India was as much a difficulty as it was in Entihind.—The lecture was illustrated with some beautiful slides, tlie lantern being manipulated by Mr. Parkinson. At the close some amusing biosoopic views were shown. A vote of thanks was passed to Mrs. Osborne and the committee on the proposition of Mrs. PARKER and the meeting closed with the National Anthem.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EARTH IS THE LORDS'. ---- An Interesting Illustration of

Increment Value.

The correspondence between Sir Richard Stepley and the agent of the Duke of Bedford which Is published in the Chronicle will be, we have no doubt, of great help in the Budget controversy. From what- ever point of view it is regarded, it destroys the sophistries with which the real position of the land- lord is concealed in this controversy. We take only one aspect of the case, (says the "Westminster Gazette." What becomes of the argument that land .is like any other commodity? The Duke requires £6O a year for the land if a building is to be used as a residence, and £lOO if it is occupied as offices. Imagine a man buying a carpet, selecting his pattern, and asking the price, to be met with the reply, For what purpose are 7ou going to use the carpet? If it's for your drawing-room it's £6O, but if for the board-room of your office it will be £100." probably the would-be • purchaser'would hasten to the nearest policeman and ask that the state of mind of the seller should be examined. Yet an attitude which suggests mental derangement when applied to other commodities is a commonplace in the sale of land. precisely because land differs from every other commodity. The facts of Sir Richard Stapley's case require only to be stated. The Duke of Bedford grants a lease of land in a residental square with the stipulation that the building on the land shall only be used as a residence. Believing himself secure in the fact that the other leases contain a similar clause, the tenant spends some thousands of pounds on improving the residence. Then the Duke, for higher rents, allows the surrounding property to be converted into offices and thereby destroys the residential value of the houses that remain, When, however, the tenant, finding that his house no longer has value as a resi- dence, wishes in his turn to sell his lease for business purposes, the landlord demands an increase of £4O a year in rental. That extra ren.t means that the tenant receives £l,OOO less for his house and suffers a heavy loss. The Duke, mean- while, if he secures his higher rent, is in a position to claim enhanced compensation from the public for a necessary widening of the thoroughfare. Of course the Duke claims no more than be is legally entitled to do. Sir Richard Stapley is simply the victim of system that declares that the earth is the ,landlords. So without building, without improving, without spending a penny on his property, the Duke is enabled merely by changes in the needs of the community, to first destroy a square as a residental area, and then to pocket the whole increment which arises from the demand for offices. Could anything be more fair than that the community which has added the value should itself reap a portion of the increment?

===== 0002601_19091023_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
A SUCCESSFUL EXPERIMENT.

Advantages of seed, soil and climate have always enabled Scotland to grow the finest oats in the world. This year, exceptional " growing " weather has produced oats so rich, so bold and so well flavoured that all past records are left behind. From this grand new crop we arc the best.

selecting

The first, consignment of varioni varieties of peaches from Ontario has recently arrived in London. The fruit is large, exquisite in flavour and of a rich color and bloom. The shipment is in the nature of an expert- merit, being the first supply that has ever been sent from Ontario to this country. It had not previously been thought possible to transport so delicate a fruit to England. Although ordinary care was taken, the fruit was noi specially packed, but, however, arrived in splendid condition. A fine display of the fruit may be seen at the Ontario Government Offices, 163, Strand, W.C., at Covent Garden, and will also be exhibited hl various parts of London, and should find a ready sale. Doubtless this first shipment will be the beginning of.e regular supply of delicious fruit from Ontario to this country.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW=CROP

I. -'- : • • •'• 4 ::..• : : ~,•, .T „.,," 't '"' ''`..ii, ‘4,,, •„;', • •tir, ' • .. ."4'.. - ~•;!. ~:1.; .1, I. - \ ',.,- ',k •'‘,.:.. -, , '-';',l.i:', '1•••': ...“,,. 4-4•.-. , • ~,., .., ~24, t .. , ~... , •

t. 14.^.;'.'1464Z1 111Vf•113 14".

4tr? k.44144fit, 4",

• .7 I(' • ,11 to :u 7 0.• • -

C ;I! • t 4.44°e' 1/44,0( • PI,

===== 0002601_19091023_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
' catch

are the finest that have ever left our mills. They are a triumph for Scotland—the land where the best oats grow. in

The proof

the porridge.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0112.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_19091023_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
Cocoa: The valuable pro- perties of the finest cocoa are well known. -

KOLA : Of extraordinary sustaining properties, pre- venting undue fatigue or exhaustion after strenuous work.

MALT: Rich in digestive power and easily a§simi- lates other foods.

iIOPS Soothes the nerves, acts as a tonic, and pro; motes healthy sleep.

All these valuable ingredients ara combined in

===== 0002601_19091023_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
otly.C4-

The most perfect Food-Beve- rage ever invented.

The Press and Public are unanimous in saying: "There is no Cocoa like Vi-Cocoa."

Do not ask sour grocer for cocoa. Ask for Vi-Cocoa—it makes all the difference.

Every guicer sells Vi-Cocoa in 6d. packets and 9d. and 1/6 tins.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
DISTRICT NEWS.

Stockton Heath. PAROCHIAL COMMITTEE.

The-monthly meeting of the Parochial Committee was held on Tu;,sday evening. Mr. G. Pilling presided and there were also present :—Messrs. T. R. Westbrook, J. Whitley, H. J. Westbrook, G. J. Brown, J. McDermi-J, 1. Mynekyme, J. Swinton (surveyor) and G. F. Ashton (clerk).

===== 0002601_19091023_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
PAVING.

_ The Clerk read a lettfr from the County Surveyor in answer to the Council's letter, as to the paving of the road to the South of the Swing Bridge, and stated that having inspected the road there he round that paving Was needed inside the trim track, which should he ,xecuted by the Borough of Warrington. He had Informed the Borough Surveyor of this.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
S kWER EXTESSIGN.

The Clerk reported that there were two tsnders-for the proposed extension of the .sewer in Walton-road. The tenderers were:—Mr. C. W. Davenport, £l9 55.; and Mr. Thomas Stringer, £l7 ISs. 6d. Mr. Stringer's tender was accepted.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
PhIVATE STREET WORKS.

At a meeting of the Private Street Works Committee Saturday the 9th it was resolved that the follow- ing proposals be put into effect :-I,the setting back of the canal fence by the Bridgewater Canal in Alfred- Street; 2, the taking down of a wooden shed, the Property of Mr. C. E. Chappel and 3, the removing of fl obstrcct!o3 at the rear of Chapelane.--Confirmod. Culcheth.

CONCERT.—A grand concert was given in the schools belonging to ti-e Culcheth Cottage Homes on Thursday evening by the Twiss Green Pierrot Troupe. The ecbool was crowded with the children and officers of the homes and friends and a capital programme was gone through, the interest of the concert being kept up Until the finish. A very beautiful rendering of The Gondolier" was given by Miss Elsie Willocks and Ulm Kenyon was equally successful in a song entitled " Mabel and Joe." " Dou't cry little girl" and " Hello who's there" Were very ably sung by Miss Runcorn, and Mr. J. Sutton proved himself quite an adept in the art of humour by his excellent render- inga of " McGilligau's cheese" and "Can't think of everything." A laughing song entitled" Dinah said %rah given by Mr. Fletcher evoked much applause and the songs" Marching through Geergia"and 'Three for Jack" song by Mr. W. J. Bate were very much aPpreciated. Miss Howard sang with much taste a EOng entitled "Red Wing" and Miss Barton edded mrch to the interest of the evening by her excellent singing of "The old Sundial. lite star of the evening however' was Mr. NV. Kenyon Who created roan of laughter by his quaint mannerisms and renderings of "Pierrot Band," Lucky Jim," and " De Lecture," being rewarded with an encore for each item. Mrs. W. J. Bate very ably officiated at the piano throughout the evening. At the close of the concert a very hearty vote of thanks was given to the Members of the troupe by Mr. Dobson, one of the Selferd Guardians. He paid a warm tribute to the Twiss Green Independent Methodists for allowing the Nonconformist children of the Cottage Homes to attend liteir Sunday School with- out receiving any remuneration whatever, nd he appreciated very much the kindness which had Prompted the members of the chapel who were mem- hers of the Pierrot Troupe to come and give them a concert in their own schools for the benefit of the children. Cheers were then given for the troupe and the concert which was a huge success concluded with the singing of the National Anthem.

Moore. FATAL CYCLING ACCIDENT.

Mr. T. Ridgway, coroner, held an inquiry at the Holly Hedge Farm on Saturday on the body or Robert Postlethwaite (48), pedlar, Ship-yard, Warrington, who sustaked fatal injuries by being knocked down by a cYclist,Mr. J.L. Fryer,of Daisy Bank Farm, Padgate,the Previoos Thursday night. Before opening the inquest the jury inspected the scene of the accident, which is about 200 yards higher up the road. There is a Lend in the roa-1, which has a steep gradient at this point. The Cororer informed the jury that the cyclist was Etill in bed and if they thought that death was not absolutely accident-4 it would be his (the coroner's) duty to adjourn the inqoiry in order to bring the cyclist's evidence before them. Owen Monks, a collier, of Queen-street, Bolton, said that on Thursday night he was with a youth named Proctor. on the highway to tnester from Warringtoo. They were resting on the side of the road about two hundred yards past Holly Hedge Farm. While there, the deceased,who wos carrying three props, came up to them and asked which was the nearest place to stoy the night. Witness told him Warrington would be the nearest. In ens% er to the Coroner, witness said deceased smelled slightly of drink. Wit- ness had just risen to his feet and deceased was stand- ing close to the middle of the road. The night was wary dark and windy. The first intimation witness bad Of the approach of the cyclist was the sound of his free • 'wheel going, and on looking round he saw the bicycle lamp. He was then about eight or nine yards away, and Witness shouted to him to" hold up." He was too near however to do that and the machine caught deceased right • in the middle of the back. Witness had only time to pull Proctor out of the way. On the collision taking place the cyclist called out " Ob," and nothing else was said. Deceased tried to get up two or three times and witness went to get hold of him so that he would not fall down. Deceased did not say anything. Another cyclist came down the hill about three seconds after- wards and witness shouted to him to stop. The first Cyclist would be going at the rate of about eight miles an hour. On the second cyclist coming on the scene witnese went for help to Mr. Ball's farm. When he returned the second cyclist was bathing the other one's bead in a small stream close by. William Proctor, the last witness's companion corroborated his statements. Vii lam Fryer, living at Daisy Farm Padgate, said he was brother to the injured cyclist. On the night in question witness kept about HO yards nehind his brother, as his brakes were not so sure as his brother's. He bad an acetelyne lamp, and his brother tad an oil one. It was a very dark and windy On hearing Monks shout he pulled up. Dr. Binne, of Stockton Heath, said that on examining ileceased he found a cut about two inchss long over the ,right eye. There was also a bruise on the right cheek. xle had made a post-mortem examination and found two fractures at the bi,se of the skull which were notacient to cause det.th. A letter was read Ly the Coroner from Mrs.J.L. Fryer, the wife of the injored cyclist, sympathizing with the deceased's widow in her terrible loss , The -Coroner sad that if the jury were satisfied !hat Fryer took proper precautions and was not to :lame, it was for them to return a verdict of Accident death" After a short consultation the jury agteed that death was accidental end that Fryer was not to blame. no coroner said they were all extremely sorry for the dow that her husband should have met his death in that manner.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
Penketh.

"EVENINGS FOR THE PEOPLE."—The popular lectures which were so much enjoyed last winter have re-commenced for the session in the Missicn Church. The Rev. J. R. .1. nes, lectured last Friday evening to a good audience. The subject was " Scenes in Pales!ine."—Tne lecturer gave an instroctive explana- tion of each view of te seenes io the Holy Land. which were most interts big. The evening's proceed- ings were varied I.y the s!rg!ng cf the hymns • Jesus, lover of my soul" and "Sun of my soul."—Mr. James Woodard was in charge if the lante:n.—A vote of thanks to the lecturer broui,lit a mist edifying evebiig to a close, Fort saGN MissioNs.—The Wesleyan Foreign mission anniversary scr% ices were held on Monday evening in the Wesleyan Chtpel. Mr. Flinn C. a;roett presided, and was supportel by the Riv. John Gto.nell en I the Rev. Simon C. Hall, who is a retarne-1 missionary from West Africa. Toe meeting was opened, with an hyrrn and the Rev. J. Gunnell then led in prayer, after which the rev, gentleman read -the report. The Warrington circuit's contribution to the fund ;cos £286. Penketh sent £6l 12s. 9d. tcwards this sum. The colleclin at last year's missionary treetit.g realized £lO 123. Id., Monday night's -collection was £l5. The Rev. Simon C. Hell was listened to with great interest and app. aled to all to take their part in the foreign mist-ion work and give Aliss Parker, who has Wien over the secretary- ship for the Penketh branch, all the help fitly could.

DEATH OF Mns. WIGFIELD.—PenIiPth people will hear with regret of the death of Mrs. Wigfield, widow of the late Mr. W. J. Wigfleld, for many years secre- tary of the Penketh Tanning Co. Ltd. Mrs. Wiglield, who had been living at New Brighton for the past seven years, died there on Saturday, and was interred on Tuesday. The funeral was attended by many sorrow- ing relatives and friends, among whom were Messrs Charles E. Parker and R. H. Posnett, nephews. The Rev. John _Gunnell performed the last rites at the graveside in New Brighton. It is interesting to recall that the deceased lady was sister to Mr. Wm. Walker 'of Whitehaven, an I Mr. Thomas Walker of Bolton, two gentlemen very well kown in the tanning world. Daring her residence at Pe nketh she was closely associated with the work of the Wesleyan Church, where she has•left many friends. Lyaun. A CYCLING ACCIDENT.—WhiIst cycling to Warring- ton with a friend on Wednesday last, Miss P. Knight of Lyuim Bridge in trying to avoid a traction engine near the station, ran into the curbstone and injured her face very badly. She had to have some stitches put in. The place is a very dangerous spot for cyclists, and has been the scene of one or two accidents lately. HIGHER-LANE BAPTIST CHURCH.—Harvest services were held in the above Church on Sunday. The church was very nicely decorated by the Misses Bruudrett. The preacher for the day was Mr. Beswick of Golborne. Solos were given" by Mr. Hughes and Mr. W. Clay which were much appreciated by the congregation. Collections were taken in aid of the Church Fund. The fruit and flowers were afterwards distributed to the children and some were sent to the Lymm hospital. BAND Or Hors.—A public meeting was held on Monday last in connection with the Band of Hope, in the Congregational Schoolroom. Mr. J. 'Webb, jun., gave a lecture on" Abstinence and Hard Work" and illustrated his subject with limelight views. He gave some interesting local views on the screen. 'The speaker was Councillor R. H. Gotobed. The meeting was very well attended and looks like being the fore- runner of good work in the district. CITIZEN SUNDAY.—Citizen Sunday was celebrated in Lymm last Sunday by a united service held in the Parish Church, in which the Revs. A. Barrett (Con- gregational Church), G. B. Thurston, M.A., (Rector of Lymm), E. P. Wethered, M.A. (Rector of Oughtrington) took part, and the Rev. Canon Wainwright gave an address on "Citizenship." There was a crowded congregation, representatives from all the churches in the district being present. The members of the Url-an District Council and of the Lyme' Tradesmen's Associa- tion, together with the employees of the Council, the Fire Brigade and others joined in procession from the Council Offices to the Church headed by the Lymm Subscription Band. The offertory is to be given to the Convalescent Homes' Fund.

CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH GUILD.—On Thursday evening the first meeting of the above took place in the Congregational Schoolroom. It took the form of a social evening: About 40 members were present and thoroughly enjoyed themselves with the various items which were given in the form of songs, recitations, games, etc. Songs were given by Miss Bradbury, Miss Evans, Miss Boond, Mrs. Lewis. Mr. James Hewitt, accompanied by Mr. J. 11. Holt, gave a humorous song, Miss L. Eaton gave a recitation and Mr. H. Hesketh a violin solo. Rev. A. Barrett. the president,was unable to be present owing to ill-health. At the close of the meet'ng, Mr. Holt thanked the ladies who had helped to get the refreshments ready, and the singers who had come forward and rendered their services. The meet- ing closed with the singing of the doxology.

WESLICYAN CHußcH.—On Sunday last the above church held their harvest thanksgiving services. The prea.h4r was the Rev. J. 11. Pawlin, of Lymil, the newly-appointed minister who has lately come to reside in the district. The morning service was well attended and the choir gave the anthem "He watereth the hills." which was very creditably rendered. The text for the morning service was "The Lord is my Shepherd, I shall not want." The evening service was again well attended and the choir gave the anthem "Come, ye thankful people, come." This was very beautifully sung. The text for the evening was "And they brought him to Jesus," the address on which was much appreciated by the congregation. Mr. H. S. Brown presided at the organ throughout the day. The church was beautifully dezorated and was quite a credit to the ladies, viz. : Chancel. the Misses II instanley and Mrs. Longshaw ; pulpit, Mrs. and Miss Pa.wlyn ; pillars, Mrs. and Miss Watcrworth ; gas chandeliers, Miss Brown: windows, Misses Moston, Egerton, Finch, Watts, Elliott, E. Goodier, Guest, Winfield, Winstanley„ Hazlehtirst, Pearson, Bate, Ogden, Rogerson. Collections were taken in aid of the Circuit Fund, Scc.

THF: MAY QUEEN.—A meeting of the May Qneen Festival Committee was held on Friday the 15th to receive the Treasurer's statement and balance sheet. Mr. James D. B. Smith presided. Mr. G. WeHan, the treasurer to the Committee, presented his report and balance sheet, which on the whole was very satisfac- tory, as he could report a balance iii hand after paying all expenses of £66 11s. 8d The receipts amounted to £213 ha. 10d. which, together with the balance of £23 16s. 7d. brought forward from last year, made a total on the receipt side of £247 Bs. 5d., and the total expenditure amounted to £lBO 16s. 9d. The amount received at the gate was £lO9 lls., and for tickets sold £22 12s. 6d. Subscriptions were collected by Miss F. A. Morris, l. H. Warham, C. Richards, J. Hetton, and G.. \Yellen, amounting to over £7o.—The Chairman pointed out that the accounts on the working of the festival itself showed that it could not be undertaken without a good Euksoription list and justified the committee in their decision at tbe beginning of the work of not proceeding with it without first having obtained promises of financial aid.—The balsnce sheet was duly adopted and ordered to be printed and a copy sent to every subscriber of Is. upwards.—The meeting terminated with a cordial vote of thanks to the officers of the committee. LYMM PETTY SESSIONS.

WEDNESDAY.—Before Messrs. C. A. Watkin, (chairman) W. P. Rylands, Admiral Jones Parry, A. W. Callender, and Colonel Legh. OPEN AFTER Ho LOCAL TRADESMAN Fib:ED.—Charles Nixon, a chip potato salesman, of Heath-road, was summoned for keeping his premises open after the specified time 11 30 o'clook.—Actigg Sergeant Knott,said that on the 9th of the present month he in company with Sergeant Washington visited the defendant's chip potato shop in Heath-road, at 11.25 p.m. and they heard voices within and on entering saw eight men, four standing up and four sitting down, eating "chips." The door was closed,and the shutters were up to the windows. In answer to a query by Sergeant Washington defendant said there was no specified time for closing on his licence. The serjeant then said "Well, I have warned you before," and- the defendant admitted that be had. At 11.30 o'clock four of the men went out and at 25 minutes to 12 the remaining four also departed. The shop was supposed to be closed at the same time as licensed .beer houses.— Defendant said he was totally ignorant as regarded the time for closing his premises.—ln answer to this Sergeant Washington spoke to warning defendant about keeping his shop open after hours and he had occasionally kept open since. Defendant said be asked the sergeant what was the time specified for closing and ho said "I don't know exactly and added that he would look the Act up and let him know.—Sergeants Washington said that was not true. Defendant's father had kept the shop before him and defendant should know the right time for closing.—Defendant said his goods were perishable and he had to sell them or they would be no use to him and if anybody ordered them he left the shop open until they called. The Chairman said that defendant had been warned by the sergeant and he had no business to keep the shop open. They had to administer the law And he would be fined 10s. RNMOVED ANIMALS WITHOUT A LICENCE.—Jobn Wylde, a milk dealer, of Lower Walton, was charged with moving four pigs without a licence frofn Poole Cottage, Lower Walton to Oak Free Farm, High Legh. James Burgess was charged with receiving the pigs knowing the same not to be accompanied by a licence. A constable stated that W3lde left a declara- tion at his house, and said he was leaving some pigs at Oak Tree Farm. Wit- ness afterwards ascertained that he had no licence to remove the animals. On questioning him he he said he thought it was all right. Witness then went to Mrs. Burgess and she said that she thought Wilde had a licence. He told them they could be reported.— Mrs. Burgess, who appeared instead of her husband, said that when Wylde went to her house with the pigs, he put a paper down on the table and she thought it was a licence whereas it was only a declaration. Wylde said he had not had to bother with a licence before as the forms had always been filled up for him.—The case against Burgess was dismissed and Wylde was ordered to pay 10a. MAINTENANC E.—Peter 'llankey, of 4 Seddon-street, Middlewich was summoned at the constigation of Mr., Mercer,relieving officer of the Bracklow -Union for Lynn District, to state why he should not maintain his father

===== 0002601_19091023_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, October 23, 1909.

and mother who were chargeable to the Guardians.— Defendant said he was unt.ble to pay as he had a wife and fcur children, and was only getting 235. per week. Mr. Mercer said defendant's parents became chargrable to the Guardians on the 17th of June, 190 S, and defendant was ordered to pay Is. ter week. Early this sear, however, he ct-as.cl to pay. He was in regular iticri and w.s getting 235. per week. His brother trying le. CA pr eak._?Lhe or.lt r was 'lade for Is. per week to be paid by defeLdant Lnd the costs Gf the care wtre disallowed.

Thousands of unsolicited testimonials can be seen by any interested party.

WRITE FOR FREE SAMPLE.

11

MOSELEYS FOOD 6 6 MADE IN A MINUTE"

is a dAi7litful fool of peculiarly appetising flavour for Infants, Invalids, and others requiring concentrated but easily assimllate7d no7irishment. • Absolutely -pure, and thoroughly cooked. Moseleys Food is soluable, readily digestible and economical. Chiidran brought up on it have healthy firm- flesh 'and pund bone. For Invalids and convalescents its recuperative properties are most remarkable.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
Padgate.

CHRIST rIICIF CH. PADRATE --The harvest thank- giving services were held in this church on Sunday last, the preacher for the morning being the Rev E. M. Swift, 8.A., of St. James', NVarrington, and the Rev. A. Brett, ALA, of the Pati-h Chin. h, Warringti n, iu the evening. The chi it under the leadership of Mr. Blackv ell will a's olliciatel as against, gave a ver3 creditalile rendet ilia of the aoth-m " Let us thank the Lod our God "at the morning service. The anthem " He giveth food to all was given at the evin'n; service along with th,i " Magn fleet " aid " Nun,: Dimitis" in F (Marrs). Solos w.re very eily rung by Mr.. Samuel Oddy and Master Sydney Denhtun at both ti e services. The cffett ries which weie in aid of the Church Fabric Repair Fund aa ounted to Lio-17s. 6.

VISIT OF THE REV. T. A. TURNEY.—In connr- c ion with the Wesley Guile the Rev. T. A. TurLey, of Liver- pool, one of the most successful and piu ular of the •younger ministers in the Wesleyan Churcl,. visited Padgate on l'hurseay. In the afternoon he preached an impressive sermon on "The presence of God." basing his remarks on the v. ores from St. Matthew xxviii. 20, "Lo, I am v.ith you alway." In the evening Mr. T. B. Duckworth presided over a well attended meeting when Mr. Turney delivered a lecture on the subject "How to succeed in lite." He said that at the outset he wished to make it clear that by success he did not mean the amassing of riches or the attaining of a position in the worlds of science, of politics or of thy. church. The lecturer's idea of success was something deeper and higher. To be a success one must have quality as well as quantity, he must realize the divine purpose of his creition. The first step towards success must he decision for God. kart from this all else spells failure. A man to be truly success- ful must live close to God, must be God's companion. God must he at the heart of all his life. Success as the world counts it may be written down "folly" in the Master's ledger. The second step, the most essential, is definiteness of aim. The lecturer believes that the great fault of the present day is a lack of serious- ness. The life of the vast majority seems to consist of eating, drinking, slaeping, working, pleasuring, nothing more, no ideal to be attained; simply setting out on the sea of life without any definite aim, and having no true conception of what God requires of them. Every human life ought to be the expression of the thought in the heart orour Creator. If it is not vre.fail. Along .with a definite aim must be persistency of effort. It is one thing to have an ideal, it is another to persist in the attainment of it. Mr. Turner went on to warn his hearers against the peril of superficiality. In conclusion he gave as the essentials for a successful life. "Decision for God, definiteness of aim, persist- ency of purpose, a strong will, a well instructed mind, deep seated convictions, a sensitive conscience, and a sanctified heart." At the close the lecturer and the chairman were accorded a hearty vote of thanl,s on the motion of Mr. Plinston seconded by Mr. Roscollar.

Wycliffe P.S.A. Society.

There was an increased attendance at the meeting of this society on Sunday last. Mr. Farrar, a Ince-, president, presided. Mr. A. Jolley gave the address upon "Man's needs and God's gifts." We richly enjoyed God's providence and Ms bounties, and were totally dependant upon God for the seasons, the showers and sunshine, foe life and health, and for all blessing need- ful. Mr. Webster of Rainford, recited "The last token" which was a pleasing departure in the service, and *as greatly enjoyed. Mr. 111cRachern read the lesson and the speaker led the prayer. Mr. Payton, Mus. Bac., presided at the organ. Four new .members received a very hearty welcome. The meeting closed with singing "Toiling on, To the work to the work."

St. Paul's Church. The harvest thanksgiving services were continued on Sunday. In the morning the service was attended by the members of the Warrington Battalion of the Church Lads' Brigade and the Boy Scent; who were heartily welcomed by the Rev. W. Bracec,amp, vicar, in the name of the congregation. The preacher was the Rev. J. R. Jones, vicar of Sankey. The church was crowded at the evening service when the Vicar preached from the text. "What mean ye by this service ?" He said that some people, who wanted to be notorious by their fanaticism, also objected strongly to harvest festivals and to churches, as they said, being turned into "greengrocers' shops." With such people they had nothing whatever to do that night. No Christian ought to want to advertise himself. Still if there were some who wished to do so the best way was by hard, consistent work, by doing their level best to bring men out of darkness into light, and not to discourage any effort to bring together such a large congregation as that which was then assembled in that church, where they had met with one object in view— and that was to thank God for Ilia harvest mercies.

--,7-1-- '.'"—'... • :-.... a.--• ..... - 1.-- , '.-- our .. T=-'-' • '. C. .-7--.7:17.--- •

re,

===== 0002601_19091023_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe Congregational Church.

Services of thanksgiving for the ingathering of the harvest were held at this church on Sunday, when large congregations assembled. The church bad been very tastefully decorated with choice flowers by lady mem- bers of the congregation, under the direction of the Misses Porritt. At the morning's-service the choir ren- dered the anthem" Thou visitest the earth" (Barnby). The Rev. John Yonge took for his text the words "The Sacrifice of Praise." He said he would like to feel that the large increase of recent years in the popularity of harvest festivals was a real evidence of the growth of human gratitude, or, should he say, of Chri,tian gratitude ? Surely such services must at least help to foster it. He thought they might he so devised and solemnized as to do so, even more perhaps, than was yet the case. It would considerably make for the best result if, at least in a town or district, the festivals could be held on the same day. There would be an impressive- ness about such a unanimity of celebration which would be very beautiful and helpful. As it was, the occurrence of the festival in different churches upon different days tended rather to divide the interest, to create a rivalry in the decoration and in musical service, and so spread more of dissipation of thought than a devout concentratien of worship. The Christian harvest festival should be animated with the spirit of a trye reverence and a deep sincerity if it was to he acceptable to Him for Whose glory it was intended. In the evening Mr. Young based his discourse on the text "The goodness of God leadeth thee to repentance." The choir gave hiehly crediable interpretation of the anthems "0 Gladsome Light" (Sullivany and "Let the people praise Thee" (W. H. Payton). The latter is the composition of the church organist and it is bright yet devotional. The tenor solo was sung by Mr. W. Booth.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
Bewsey-road Wesley Guild and Bible Class League.

The Bewsey-road Wesley Guild and the Warrington Wesleyan Bible Class League held a joint meeting in Bewsey-road Lecture Hall on Monday evening. Mr. Charles E. Parker presided over a good attendance and he was supported by the Rev. E. B. Reeling, Messrs John Upson, J.P., J. C. Holland, R. Corbett and J Maile.

The CHAIRMAN referred to the tenderness of Jesus Christ and said we were rather apt to look upon Him as meek and mild whereas strength predominated. The Rev. E. B. KEELING dealt upcn the importance of consecration and of carrying out the precepts of the Bible in everyday life. Mr. JOHN UPSON spoke of the disappointment which came from unrewarded effort. He said that times of barrenness were experienced in Social and Christian Service, and in these times when the Heavens seemed of brass unless the motive of the service were of the highest inevita ly we gave up in despair. That motive —the love of Christ—was the driving power which would carry them successfully through all discourage- ments. No service was unfruitful. Often its most valuable function was a reflex one. It strengthenei our purpose, purified our lives, and protected us often from temptation. Results, too were not in cur hands. Our duty was to labour, to use opportunity, to sow the seed and leave the result with God. Sooner or later the seed would fructify turd the harvest was sure. Mr. HOLLAND said that great happiness accrued from being engaged in the service of the Lord Jesus Christ. The experience of those who were followers of Christ even the memory of the House of God was an incentive to them to be loyal to their profession. Mr. Connwrr explained the need for doing their own part in the Master's service. If everybody would do their own part instead of looking upon others the Church would prosper in a different way to what it had done in the past. During the evening Miss Maud Hipkiss gave splendid renderings of " The Loreley " (Lizst) and " Bid me discourse" (Wshop). Mr, T. %V. Pearce was the accompanist.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
OLD-AGE PENSIONS IN IRELAND.

Replying to a question by Mr. Fetherstonhaugh, in to-day's Parliamentary papers Mr.Lloyd-George says : The number of persons in Ireland who were awarded old-age pensions up to June 30 last, but who were sub- sequently within the sume peiiod found not to have been entitled to them, was 3,40 k.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
TRAFALGAR DAY.

PrEsmtation of Nelsen Shield. and

Nizes.

Thursday being Trafalgar Day, Alderman Bennett vi sited Holy Trinity school to present the Nelion Shield, which contains copper from the ship "'Victory," aid .which he offers, for competition annually for the best essay on a selected patriotic subject. Councillor FULTON-SIIITH presided and the Rev, E. C. E. Carleton, the Rev. H. R. Wilde, the school managers, and a number of parents of the children were also present. The CHAIRMAN delivered an interesting address to the children on the lessons of Trafalgar Day and called upon Alderman Bennett to present the -shield and distribate the prize which had been won by Marjory A. Gleave. Alderman BENNEW said lie would like specially to congratulate Mica Davies, her assistants .and the children upon haxing for the -third time succeeded in winning the shield. Addressing the children on the subject of the essay" My duty to England," he said that in order to do their duty to their country they must first of all do their duty to themselves and therefore they must endeavour to be strong in body, clever in brain and good in charaCter. The greatness of a nat;on consisted in its individual citizens and if every child in tngland grew up to be healthy, wise and good, it followed as a matter of course that England would be a great nation: Some of the scholars m;ght have the ability to promote the fame and prosperity of their country by 'achieving dis- tinction in science or in literature and he hoped that many of them as they grew to marihood and woman- hood, would try to serve their native town on the Education Committee, in the Council Chamber, or in some of the numerous other ways which were Open to all of them. It was even possible that some of them might eventually serve their country in Parliament itself, and he hoped many of the scholars would climb the educational ladder which might eventually lead to the University. If in the future any of them were called upon to fight for their country, he hoped they would do so with the valour and unselfishness of Nelson, and be willing like jiim to lay down their lives for England. Alderman BENNETT handed the following books to Marjory A. Gleave :—" Empire Annual for Girls," (Buckland), " Puck of Pooks Hill" (Kipling), "A Child's History of England" (Dickens), and "The Dream of an Englishman" (Arthur Bennett). Mr. W. BIBBY, Councillor BROADHURST and others also spoke. ' The party afterwards went to St. James' school where a similar ceremony took place, Alderman Bennett presenting the second prize to Fred Slater. The books awarded were :—" Empire Annual for bbys " (Buchland), " Puck of Pooks Hills" (Kipling), "-A Child's History of England" (Dickens), and "The Dr6m of an Englishman (Bennett). Allusion was made to the fact that St. James' school had won the shield 'on one occasion, tied with Arpley-- street school on another, and had twice succeeded in obtaining the second prize. The Rev. H. B-. Firth, the Rev. H. H. dorbsie, Alderman Bennett and Mr. W. H, Stansfiela (head- master) delivered addresses. .

At both schoowls an interesting musical programme was rendered, "The Death of Nelson" and Kipling's 'Recessional" being sung at Holy Trinity school with excellent effect.

The presentation of essay prizes at the Secondary School took place at the annual prize distribution on Wednesday and is reported in another column. The books given by Alderman Bennett were :—To Ruby Witts, " The Poetical Works of Tennyson," " Life of Alin Howard" (Gibson)," Golden Treasury" (Pulgtave) " ETereward the Wake " (Kingsley) and " The dream of an Englishman" (Bennett) ; to John Sephton " The Poetical Works of Tennyson.'° "Harold "(Lytton) "Story of King Arthur and his Knights (Cutler), Crown of Wild Olive " (Ruskin) and "The Dream of an Englishman" (Bennett). Special prizes given by the Principal Mr. E. S. A. Robson) were presented to Eleanor Shaw and Allan ,Evans.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
TEMPERANCE LECTURE.

Warrington Board of Guardians

Criticised.

A practical lecture 'on the value of temperance was given by Dr. Morris P.C.S. (Day School Lecturer, L. i and C. Band of Hope Union) n the Parr Hall on Thursday evening when he took for his subject"' The nutritive value of intoxicating drinks." Mr. Thomas Dale presided over a large attendance and was supported on the platform by Rev. J. S. Hughes and Mr. Gandy. The CHAIRMAN said that they had a Board of Gusrdians in Warrington and they held a meeting last Wednesday. There was a letter sent to them in the shape of a request from Mr. Batley asking permission to give a lecture on "Alcohol and the human body" to the children that were in the Padzate Schools under the care of the Warrington Board of Guardians. Those ladies and gentlemen deliberated with regard to the request and it was stated definitely so as not. to harm the tender feelings of those sensitive gentlemen that such words as "drunkenness," "public-house,' or "pledge" should not be named. It was moved and seconded and carried that that request should he laid on the table. (Shame.) They knew what that meant. It meant that it was not to be considered for the time being. There was another gentleman present who made even another sugges- tion that it be laid underneath the table. hey believed that such statements in connection with so important a question as that were out of harmony with the views of the vast majority of the voters of Warrington. (Applause). The gentleman who made that very discreditable remark was a publican. (Shame). They realised the importance of training children, and especially the young children who were under the rare of the Guardians. He thanked the ladies who stood up for their cause. (Applause.) Many of the children who were in the homes were there through intemperance or intoxicating drink. Dr. MORRIS gave a very interesting and instructive lecture and illustrated his points as temperance lecturers do, by testing the various wines and proving that there was alcohol in them. At the outset he referred to the action of the Board of Guardians and said that t' e Chairman of the Guardians had said that the lectures were not given in the villages except in very rare CASES. Be (the speaker) said that 'was a lie. (hear, hear.) He was one of the lecturers who took lib a great part of Lancashire, and the Lauca,hire County Education Authority had granted permission for temperance lectures all the schools in the area—which was a village district —provided the managers gave their consent. In no case had he found one of the authorities in his district which refused, which showed that the statement was wrong. There was issued by the Board of Education in London in June last a syllabus which said that lessons in temperance should be given at least three times a year, and yet the Board of Guardians said that they were not neceisary. He was only sorry that such state- ments had been made. Proceeding with the lecture, Dr. Morris criticised a number ot medicated e ines and nutiitive medicines because of the alcohol they contained—as muelt as 18 and 20 per cent, in sotue cases. Could alcohol drinks build up their bodies? To become strong they must take into their bodies go. d food, such as milk, bread, meat, fish and oatmeal. Milk was a drink as well as a food. That proved at once that they could have drinks which were foods. Some people were advised to get some nourishing stout, it was not !nourishing. There was contained in milk— water, sugar, lime and curd. The curd was the best part of the milk. It was the only part of milk which built up the body. There was only a twentieth part of mud in the best beer obtainable, as compared to milk, so that if they bought ss. Od. worth of beer and 3d. worth of milk, the curd would be equal. Coh.nel Hall Walker said in the House of Commons in March that beer was liquid bread. The curd in hoer was incomparable with the curd in -bread, so that beer was not liquid bread. He supposed Colonel Walker wanted the people to think that because his firm made beer from a very good barley it must be good for people. Barley was a good food, but when it had been made into malt it got less so, and when n.ade into beer the good food Nanished. Even beer had got more curd in it than port wine. Concluding, he said that alcoholic drinks did not contain the curd which was necessary to build up the body, and money spent upon such things was money wasted. (Applause). The lecture was followed by a cinematograph exhibi- tion, which portrayed .the life and misery entailed

through dr7nk, and ho v a happy re-union of the family was brought about by giving it up. Mr. GANDY, on behalf of Mr. F. H. Smith, of Lymm Hull, presented two gold brooches to Miss May Isher- wood, retiring Band of Hole Queen, aud Miss Elsie Hewitt, Queen Elect. During the evening the Select Choir (Band of Hope Union) sweetly rendered "Stars that en your wondrous way," "The delight of Spring," and "The gipsies laughing trio," the solo in the latter being taken by Master A. Hamblett. Mr. A. Spruce nal the conductor, and Miss Elsie Spruce the accompanist.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
041 iiiilksveftstogiaaMommillftlisasXll3l3lll2un I I 1 • 1 I r 4 I 0 0

HELP YOURSELF

In the most practical of all ways by getting rid at once and for ever of that stomach and liver trouble which is doing so much to make your life miserable and useless. Remember that the state of your diBestive orsans determines the state of your general health, and upon health your prosperity largely depends. Help yourself therefore to health, wealth, and happiness

===== 0002601_19091023_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
BY TAKING

the. finest of all stomach, liver, and kidney medicines— BEE.CHAM'S PILLS. This is a bit of excellent advice as the experience of hundreds of thousands of sufferers can testify. if you want to Bet on in the world, if you want to en;oy life, if you want to be strong, sunny and successful take

===== 0002601_19091023_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
BEECHAM'S

PILLS.

rgi Sold everywhere in boxes, price 1/1i (56 pills) ei 2/9 (168 pills). ereaklLVOLVMWeianwelklam

`,.-...,

1111

===== 0002601_19091023_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

RUNCORN VIC TOIZIA IE.IIORIAL HOSPITAL.

On Saturday afternoon the "Samuel Taylor" Ward of Runcorn Victoria Memorial Hospital was opened by Mr. A. .T. Smith, managing director of Castner Kellner Electro-Alkali Company. The ward is the generous gift of Mr. Samuel Taylor, 3.P., of Runcorn and Dove- holes, Buxton, Iv ho has been six times chief magistrate of Runcorn. The h spital, twit seven ytara ago by voluntary effort, had I:euorne inadequate to the needs of the district, and Mr. Taylor spontaueously made On offer of .V. 03 for a new wing. The contract was £5lO, and Mr. Tay lt.t enlarged his offer to that extent. The total cost of the extension, including the furnishing, is £1,050, and towards this sum the United Alkali Com- pany contributed £lOO, Castner Kellner £25, Vighfield Tanning Company £25, and Salt Union £25. There were many other smaller subscribe: a. There was a large company present at the opening ceremony, which was conducted by Mr. F. Wiswall, J.P., chairman of the Urban District Council. Mr. Taylor presented Mr. Smith with a beautiful silver key to open the door. He referred in terms of eulogy to Mr. Taylor's timely and generous gift, and mentioned that the hospital required £6OO to .£7OO a year for maintenance. One of the pleasantest and most healthy features of the institution was that one-half of that sum was provided by the voluntary subscriptions of working men. (Applause). This was an example of true Socialism. Mr. Taylor announced amid applause that Mr. Smith had given twenty guineas towards tbe furnishing.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

SUDDEN DEATH IN THE MINE.

Mr. Brighouse held an inquest at Haydock, on Mon- day, on Robert Jones, aged forty-seven years, of Toll- bar Cottage, Haydock, who dial suddenly while at, work in the Old Boston Colliery, on Friday. Evi- dence was given that the man soddenly collapsed while working, and was dead before be could be got out of the pit. Three doctors bad conducted a post- mortem, and they stated that death was due to rupture of the aorta, which had been affected by aneurism. The jury returned a verdict of "Death from natural causes."

EXTENSION OF A ST. HELENS HOSPITAL. As part of a scheme for extending the Providence Free Hospital, St. Helens, with a view to doubling the accommodation at a cost of £lO,OOO, the operating theatre in one portion of the extension which has been completed was opened on Tuesday. and the foundation- stone was !aid of the Magdal*-n Taylor Wards, in memory of Mother Magdalen Taylor, who founded the institution 25 yea, s ago. Lard Derby was to have laid the stone, but he was unable to be present, and his brother, Mr. George Stanley, took his place. Lord Gerard presided, and said the extension would increase the accommodation from 50 to 100 beds. The most pressing need was the children's hospital, which would be quite separate from the other buildings. Inside the hospital the Duchess of Norfolk unveiled' a memorlal-stone to the memory of Mother Magdalen Taylor, and Lady Gerard opened the new operating theatre, which (she said) Sir Frederick Troves said filled every modern requirement. After luaoheon a bazaar in the Town Hall, which is to occupy five days was opened by the Duchess of Norfolk. She said that she had been through the hospital, and that it was one of the best hospitals she had seen so far as modern re4uirements went.

LABOUR M.P.'S AT ST. HELENS. SOLUTIONS FOR UNEMPLOYMENT.

A big Labour' demonstration in support of the Budget was held at St. Helens on Tuesday night, and was addressed by sevei al Labour members of Parliament. About 2,000 people were present. Mr. T. Glover, M.P. for St. Helens, said that mining royalties should be the property of the State, and that miners should receive a minimum wage of Bs. a day. Mr. J. A. Seddon, M.P. for Newton, said that neither Free Trade nor Tariff " Reform" would solyo the pro- blem of unemployment. There was only one solution, and that was reduction of hours of labour and more equitable distribution of the proceeds of wealth created by the workers. (Cheers). The chief cause of unem- ployment was the introduction of machinery, which ought to have been a blessing to mankind. but bad proved a positive curse. This particularly applied to the glass trade. He contended that with six working hours a day under modern conditions they could live the existence intended by the Creator. (Cheers.) Mr. C. Duncan, M,P. for Barrow-in-Furness, said that the only solution of the present difficulty was to end the House of Lords. Noble lords saw there was trouble ahead, but they did not know what to do with the Budget. A resolution in favour.. of the Budget was carried with enthusiasm.

‘KARPOL'

(Trade Mark, Regd.)

Sold in Bat 2/- & 3/6 each (Post Free, 214 & is your Car dull, mudatained, or scratched ? if so, thui can be removed by using ' Karpol.' A CAR POLISH OR RENOVATOR.

' KA RPOL.' is s Prepnrati m for Restoring a lasting Ern-, fiance to stained or dull Varnished, Polished, or Enamelled Surfaces.

Especially reammeuded for Moto, Cars and Carriages.

Ec MAK *RS— V/M. WILSON & SON, LTD.,

Coach & Motor Body Builders, Cambrlige St., Sheffield.

Agents Wanted.

ICE , CORRESPONDENTS. I,etters from "Labor Oronia Vincit," "A White Slave," and E. V. W. held over till next week.— ED. "Ex."

_ r ett er to the EDITOR; NOT. „TO

===== 0002601_19091023_art0132.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

===== 0002601_19091023_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
FOODS LIMITED,

DEPT. WE., STOCKPORT.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND. NEWTON.

MR. J. A. SEDDON, M.P., AT WAVERTREE, INTERESTING ADDRESS.

There was a large gathering of members and friends at Dovedale-road Baptist Church Brotherhood, Wavertree, on Sunday afternocn, presided over by the Rev. J: Fleming Shearer, w Lc) said they welcomed Mr. Seddon, not only as a member of Parliament, but as a great leader of the people, and a whole-hearted tei lever in Evangelical Chi ist iani (Applause.) Mr. Seddon, who was very cordially received, referred to the Spanish horror which had stirred the hearts of every man and woman in that great gathering, and he scanted to say in deprecating any attempt either in that ,thurch or elsewhe.e at making any political or sectarian capital out of the crime, how horrified he was, and to express his abhorrence at the inhuman crime which had been committed in a civilised country. If it WdS true that the blood of the martyrs was tl.e seed of the Church it was equally true in that particular instance that the blood of the martyr was the liberty of the people. (Loud applause). Mr. Seddon then went on to state that fifteen years ago he became what he had expressed elsewhere, a Radical in religion and a Nonconformist in politics—(laughter)— ; but since then he had travelled many weary miles of duty, and he wanted to say that if there was to be any inspiration in their lives, any continuity of effort, it could only be by living associa- tion and union with Jesus Christ, the Founder of their religion, who would guide and direct them into the right path. (Hear, hear.) It was no reflection upon Christianity to make the statement that the Church had been remiss in some of her ctuti,s, and that the social conditions around them were, therefore, indepen- dent of the teaching of Christ. (Hear, hear.) But he would like to say if the Church wished to retain her own and those in honest doubt—and this was a very pitiable condition in which t 3 he found—it would not fe brought about by excommunicating them, but by a display of pity and sympathy. (Hear. hear,) The first lesson from nature study was that of meditation, which to-day was a Icst art lhey ran after DPW sensations ; had no time to think. Ile rush of their modern con- ditions left the majority of men wholly outside the sphere of meditation upon nature and the works of the Creator ; as manifested everywhere, they bad allowed themselves to he creatures of circumstances. He rejoiced to see them bonded together in that huge gathering ; but it would not sound so exclusive if they admitted into their ranks the female members of the community, because, to use an Irishism," Woman is th=t best man." (Laughter.) Be, however, welcomed the awakening of social responsibility on the part of the Church, because he believed, with the statement of the Rev. Silvester Horne, that" as a nation we were bleed- ing to death." That was literally true, and if that hemorrhage was to he stopped it would only by the Church recognising its responsibility. (Applause).

===== 0002601_19091023_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
AGENTS in all Towns. Lendon : KING, Clapham, X S.W. Hull: CROFT, Carr Lane. Swans are 4-fold all shapes.

ENORMOUS SUCCESS! I The no and only Practical !Lachine. TEE

...t.IZES: ~.A.- r.l ~ -,,,, • -.-: • .---...;!..t,-:, 61,,....4111111111w.iii - z' --:,;• o7r,zl/ -, • ..,.. ..... . ,--‘IIIPIIII.-•---- 7 -. IJ. ^ -j, :A .. - COL V AENUE •44, -- PEMBROKE .. ..1 ' ' - SIVA S'PBE. -. . ir:72:- .:

===== 0002601_19091023_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
. MHFV-tD--R :5;3 - .

This ,d,ver n i,genious luv.tition does away %Ph the .Imosious habit of licking stamps, envelopes, de. A t nr.feir want fultilled at last. e 1 ing in ttieusands. No. 1 A, pi 0 63. each; post fr e, 7J. Fostal ord. rs. C• run wani'od. GrQd nroSts. Terms Oil appli •-snies, L old Queen Street, q.tmins e , London, S.W.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
;we'd. 'TAL DEPOT South Shields.

And we will produce a charming Scrd - /land Cigured Mictiatta, itt Imaiiy I idle.. Guld Pcmhuil US " US 1 utt vrec 1/8 ; ys.)tif kullcst gatisf,clion :tiaraidecd and phut rein-11,1 tinin " • Photograph iIRITISH ORIEN I 2 13,13. 132.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
Parr Hall Organ.

Sir,—l was requested to play the above organ on Monday and Tuesday last on the occasion of the Unionist Meeting and the S.P.G. Meeting, but lam sorry to say that I found it impossible to play at all. in consequence of the dilapidated and unsatisfactory state of the instrument. The organ is old and past efficient repair ; and in my opinion even the tuning of same is waste of money, if it is ever tuned at all. Cannot something be done to remedy this state of affairs, and an organ tit for such a splendid hall be purchased by the Corporation.—Yours &c.,

_ A. B. RANDALL. Organist of Holy Tx inity Church

===== 0002601_19091023_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
A Growl from Gorsey-lane.

Sir,—l used to be a nice country lane not long ago, lilt now, I air neither one thing nor another. I have been blamed and strong words have been uttered, owing to my miserable condition. lam full of holes, with plenty of pools of water, in fact people have said I resemble the lake distrigts and I den't like it. You should see the horses struggling bravely with their heavy loads, and the drivers c--Oh, it makes me shiver when they are passing over me! • I long to be a well behaved lane and would be, it I were properly attended to. Winter will soon be here, and if lam not put in order before, I shall be sorry for the dwellers on my aides, and those who frequently use me, and rhope these good people will not say strong -words about me, as I have suffered quite enough.—l remain, dear sir yours dissappointedly,

GORSEY LANE

Warrington, October 21st, 1909

===== 0002601_19091023_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
Fairfield Girls' Schools Amalgamation.

Sir,--I hasten to acknowledge my responsibility for the letter written to the members of the Education Committee and, for the figures therein stated of £200,000. As to half of it I am quite clear. I have carefully calculated that the cost of replacement of the Church of England schools within the Borough of Warrlngton with all up-to-date requirements would be on ordinary terms of sale ar.d purchase at least £lOO,OOO. Competent authorities support me in this. But this calculation takes no account of the cost of the compulsory purchase of suitable sites already built on, which might be anything. We have thought possibly anothee Now as to the main point. The managers of the Fairfield Schools, after long deliberation and at great cost to their own feelings, have made a fair and reasonable offer, so fair and reasonable that, with the exception of the concluding words which were doubt- less not understood at the conference and require further consideration, it received the unanimous consent of the School Management Committee. This offer has now been refused.' It remains for the Education Committee to make their offer. The managers know their own minds and they know also their own Trust Deeds, hnd if the Education Com- mittee refuse fair terms and determine to exercise powers which doubtless they have, the managers will undoubtedly in the conscientious fulfilment of their duty exercise the powers which they too possess I am, Sir, yours truly

FREDERIC W. 'WILLIS The Rectory, Warrington, October .?2nd, 1909.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
The Guardians and Temperance.

Sir,—Adverting to your issue of Saturday last con- Inining a report of a meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians I notice that the Lancashire and Cheshire Band of Hope Union (a society that has spent large sums in sending certificated teachers to give lectures in Day Schools on the nature of Alcohol' had applied for permission to give a lecture in the Padgate Industrial School. Although the application plainly stated that every precaution would be taken to avoid offending anyone who habitually made use of intoxicating liquors—such words as "Pledge," "Drunkenness," " Publichouse," never being used— the majority of the Guardians persisted in misundm: standing the application, whilst one gentleman—wff, from the nature of his trade would have shewn better taste in taking no part in the discussion or voting— made remarks which to say the least were very dis- courteous. Notwithstanding the earnest efforts of the minority the application was refused—five voting for it and nine against it. I should like to ask, how it comes about that the majority of the Guardians present at the last meeting could afford to reject this gratuitous offer, whilst the nation is spending large sums annually in training young teachers in our Training Colleges, in order that this subject of Temperance may shortly find a place in the curriculum of all our Elementary Schools. I notice that one of the Guardians who voted with the majority, int:mated that the morals of the children were well looked after. Whether this is so, I have no means of judging, but if the said children are to learn their manners from the majority of our Board of Guardians, who, instead of courteously declining an offer they could not see their way to accept, ordered the letter to lie on the table —it would perhaps be well for steps to be taken to see that no copy of your issue of Saturday last, finds its way into the hands of any of the inmates of Padgate Industrial school.— Yours truly) THOMAS DALE, EL P (Chairman of Warrington Band of Hope Union.) 76, Priestley-street.

Sir,—Some members of our Board of Guardians seem to me to be very intolerant and don't seem to possess much of that truly English quality of "Fair Play." When the letter from the Band of Hope and Temperance Union asking permission to give a lecture to the children came up for discussion it might have been treated with a moderate amount of courteousy, and Messrs. Jolley and Bent might have shown before the lady Guardians a little of that good breeding English gentlemen are noted for. If after the society had given its scientific lecture Messrs. Bent and Jolley and the Chairman had seen fit to give a reply lecture showing the good effects of beer and spirits on the body, their -brother and sister Guardians would have granted them an opportunity. I should like, myself, to see these three gentlemen supported by Mr. Forshaw holding forth in public meeting assembled as to the good effect and stimulating powers of fourpenny beer and pointing out how much stronger a man will be on it in preference to good solid food. -I am, &c., PHIL •SQUOD.

Mr • H. Wardman, of 10, Wilkinson-street, also writes to protest against the action of the Guardians, and points out that" what the Board of Education thinks is needful for the children of our elementary schools, our Guardians deny to the children who are not so fortunately situated." He invites Mr. Jolley as an educationist to tell us what the advantages of alcohol are and Mr. Forshaw. to prove that the suggested lectures are" A travesty of Science."

===== 0002601_19091023_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe Band of Hope

The Band of Hope in connection with Wycliffe Sunday School was awakened on Wednesday evening from its somnolence of the last 18 months when a meeting was held in the Memorial Hall. A good audience was presided over by the Rev. John Yonge who hoped they would go on with the Band of Hope work as it was very essential to that Church as to all others.—Mrs. Simpson was the speaker and she trusted that the training the members would receive would bring out good results and that they would grow up to be temperance men and women. An excellent musical programme was submitted and included the following :—Duet, "Say a kind word if you can," Misses Morley and Walker; solo, "A May morning," Miss Elsie Hewitt; recitation, ." How the lesson went home," Miss Annie Taylor; song," The veteran's song," Master. Ben Farrar; recitation, "Murdered by drink," Miss Alice Taylor;. solo, " The flight of ages," Miss M. Mounfield ; recitation, "Go, , tak' th' ragged children and flit," Miss Alice Taylor; I duet, "The Brooklet," Misses Minnie Mounfield and Hilda Spruce; conjuror, Professor Marvell°.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
LIBERAL VAN CAMPAIGN.

Successful Meetings.

The van caropaTgn promoted by the Warrington Liberal Association has proved a great success, several largely attended meetings having been held in various wards. On Monday evening a meeting took place on the waste ground off Bewsey-road, when Mr. R. Lewis, and Mr. Sydney Arnold were the speakers. Mr. Joseph Owen-presided. The CHAIRMAN, in his opening address, said that that meeting was held to supyort the great Budget, which was the greatest financial measure of modemn times. (Applause). It was possible to get money badly and to spend it in worse fashion, but there was nothing in that Budget which would injure commerce or trade. It would not impose undue burdens cn the working classes and one good feature was that the yield of the land taxes would increase as years went on. By diverting to the State a portion of the unearned increment it would, instead of going into the pocket of the landlord,help to fill the nation's coffers and so help the nation's progress. All these things were sufficient to justify him in saying that it was the most important Budget they had had for at least fifty years. (Applause). Mr. ARNOLD said the Budget, was at present in the report stage, and it was going to pass through the House of Lords too—(hear, hear)—or the Peers would hear about it. (Applause). Referring to the taxes imposed by the Budget the speaker said 3i millions of the 14 millions had to be raised by the working classes by an increase of tie tobacco and spirit duties and the remaining 10A millions would be obtained from the rich, the liquor trade, and the land. The Tory party's method of raising the money would be to tax food—bread and all the necessaries of life. They said they would put a tax on foreign corn, but it would only raise the price of the same article that was grown at home, and in the end instead of the 14 millions which the present Government needed tariff reform would cost the people 50 millions. Germany had tariff reform but wheat in this country cost 325. a quarter while the price in Germany was 435. 11d, or eleven shillings more. The speaker pointed out that if food stuffs were taxed the foreigner would not suffer and it would be the consumer who would have to bear the burden. The Budget was a great monu- ment to the resources of Free Trade. It had nearly passed through the House of Commons and they wanted it to pass through the House of Lords. (Applause.) 'they did not know what was going on there, nobody knew. They did queer things in the House of Lords, Lord Rosebery and Mr. Balfour had mid so. (Laughter.) They had killed many measures and they might try to do the same with the Budget. If they did there would be a fight to the finish, such as they had never seen before in this country, and he said frankly he should not be sorry. (Applause.) The position of the Lords had become well-nigh intolerable. In conclusion the speaker asked his hearers to examine the Budget for themselves and they would be con- vinced that it was a fair and equitable Bnciget. (Applause). Mr. -Lewis, in alluding to the land clauses of the Budget, said that a chairman of a certain Corporation llonsing Committee was looking out for some suitable land in order to build some respectable houses. One day be went to a sale where SA acres were offered. The auctioneer said be wanted -£4,500 for it—no sale. (Laughter.) The chairman saw the auctioneer and asked him if he could have the land as he was the chairman of the Housing Committee. As soon as the auctioneer heard this be said "We want £6,C00 for it." It was necessary that the Corporation should have the land, and so they had to ply £6,000. (" Shame." Was that fair? (Voices: "No.") Continuing, he said the Cle.neellor of the Exchequer had been called a thief, a robber, and lastly a Welshman—(laughter)--but he had never been called a "Welsher." (Laughter.) The dukes had said that if the Budget were passed they would be six weeks from the Workhouse. Where would the millionaires be? Why, three days from the Workhouse. (Laughter.) With regard to unemploy- ment he said they wanted to dispense with the casual labourer. He went down to Wales the other week and saw fields and fields of corn yet standing. He asked the farmer where all his men were. He said they had gone to town where there was better work and better wages. They thought that where there were more people there would be more employment and higher pay. After trying to gain employment they were unsuccessful and sank lower and lower and gradually lost all self-respect. To alleviate this the Budget proposed to place labour exchanges all over the country in order that men seek- ing work might be brought into touch with it as speedily as possible. Concluding the speaker alluded

The Examiner, Saturday, October 23, 1909.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
BLACKPOOL CROWDS INSPECTING THE FLYING MACHINES.

seconded by Ccurcillor CUNNINGTON, a vote of thanks was accorded to the Chairman ard the ipeal4er. CONCLUDING MEETING ON WEDNESDAY.

The concluding meeting in connection with the cam- paign, which was held on Wednesday evening near ' Fairfield schools,was a very large and enthusiastic one. ' Mr. George Walker presided and was supported by I Councillor Kendal, Mr. Robert Lewis (Manchester) and Mr. J. Howes, jun. The CHAIRMAN said they were met there that night as a kind of educational meeting to discuss the Budget— cue of the most momentous Budgets and cne of the . most far reaching in its consequences of any be thought that had been previously brought before the House of . Commons. It was a•Budget they knew was popular— popular at least s% ith the masses. They could not afford to have set on one siee the social regeneration of the pecple by a party to very strcugly interested. as landlords and peers. (Applause). Councillor KENDAL saki that the Budget was popular because it revealed to them the fact that certain sections of the community had keen paying too much and certain sections too little—(bear, hear)—and because it was a fair and equitable attempt not to deal harshly with anybody, but to spread the taxes over the people, leaving no class exempt end none with too heavy a burden. He had read in the papers that day that the Budget Protest League had decided to put up the shutters. Their opponents bad keen trying to excite the country into huge protest about the Budget and they were met with the solemn fact that the game was up and the cat would not jump. (Laughter.) The reason the Budget Protest League was going to give up was that there was nothing to protest against the Budget. The masses of the people recognised some- thing in the Budget which ought to have been there years ago. The most unfair thing of the whole of the agitation was the misreprepresentation that the 'Work- ingman was clamouring against the. Budget proposals. The opposition to the Budget was very small when they came to think of it. All the landowners were not against it. The British Workingmen were facing the question like men. If they were to have "Dread- noughts "and battleships and old age pensions they must stand their corner and they were standing it. (Hear, bear). Whether the Budget would pass the House of Lords was a.question which was taxing their minds. Personally, be hoped they would not pass it, but he could not imagine that the House of Lords would be such "blithering fatheads "—he could not find any better phrase—as to throw it out. (Laughter). To putl a finger into the firegrate was a far more sensible thing than for the Lords to throw it out. If it were thrown out it would Le settled whether the people were to rule or 600 non-elected men of the country. (Applause). Mr. LEWIS said he had been talking on behalf of the Budget for about three months and they bad been about the happiest three month's of his life ; 'because it had been an interesting subject, and an interesting and enthusiastic audience. There was enthusiasm not because the Budget proposed robbery of enthusiasm, not because it took from and gave to; of enthusiasm, because the fount of life was not again to be poisoned and that industry was not to be hampered by the ground landlord. (Applause). In the future industry would be less hampered and the workers would have a larger opportunity. The vista that the Budget opened before the country had been a dream of some of them for many years and yet to-day it was to come about. (Applause.) He heard that a man in the Parr Hall on Monday night— (laughter)—who was a member of the gentlemanly party, say that Mr. Lloyd-George was in receipt of a salary of £5,000 a year, he was worth £5OO of it and that he was being overpaid to the extent of £4,500 a year. The country had called for Mr. Lloyd-George because he had the character and the ability for tie position. (Hear, hear.) If they had a simple clear test of the value of both men, they would gladly p,y the one £5,000 and the other one sd. If the British House of Commons con- sidered that Mr. Lloyd-George was unfit for his posi- tion he would not be in it. (Applause.) That sort of criticism was twopenny-halfpenny, clap-trap by min who bad been fortunate not to earn a living, but to acquire one. (Applause) Those were the kind of objec- tions that were being urged against the Budget. They would not meet them in solid argument, and they were not the people-whom they would pay heed to. (Hear, bear). _ . .

The CHAIRMAN proposed a vote of thtaks to the speakers, which was heartily accorded. A vote was then taken as to the opinion of the meet- ing with regard to the Budget. There was only one dissentient. Mr. HOWES announced that there would be a meet- ing at the Parr Ball 3n November 18, when Colonel Seeley would speak. (Hear, hear.) It would not be like the Tory meeting on Monday—a ticket one—where when they got in there was no resolution against the Budget. (Laughter and applause).

===== 0002601_19091023_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
(A special article on the flying appears on page 3).

photograph shows the people streaming across the course towards the hangars, where the Machines are stabled:

PERSONALITIES ON THE AVIATION GROUND. The names from left to right are :—Madame De Brousse, Madame Prade, M. Durey, M. Miral, an interpreter (at the back), M. Leblanc, Madame Leblanc, M. Fournier, M. Prade, M. De Brousse, M. Rougier, M. Latham, and Mr.' Parkinson.

Manchester Guardian," Copyright

to the benefits of Free Trade and made special refer- ence to the Lancashire cotton industry. 97 per cent of the cotton goods exported from this country went from Lancashire, land the reason was that we could produce it so cheaply. That was because there was no burden upon raw material. Lancashire had the biggest market for cotton goods in the world and that was some- thing to any. (Applause.) The opposite party said that there was more unemployment in this country than there was in Germany, but that u as untrue. TUESDAY'S M BETIN G.

Tho Liberal Campaign was ccntinued on Tuesday evening at the corner of Longford-street and Orford lane. There was a large attendance. Councillor .John Wilkinson. J.P. presided and was supported by Coun- cillor T. Grindle J.P., (Eccles), and Councillor Cunningten. The CHAIRMAN said it was certainly gratifying to hint to see SO many of them rally round. It told him that a great wave of Liberal enthusiasm was finding its way over to that end of the town. The Budget had cemented and strengthened the Liberal and Labour forces into cne compact whole, so much so that to-day they were ready for an election whenever the time came. In fact they would welcome one if it came to-morrow. (Hear, hear.) Why was it that there was so much opposition to the Budget? One great opposi- tion came from the lands d preprtetors of the country. Our Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Lloyd George —(applause)—had been so good as to include in the Budget a tax on what was called the unearned !cerement. He (the speaker) could assure them that if it had happened 30 years ago our present town would not have been carrying half the rates as it was to-day. They had read in the papers and no doubt heard many speeches on the other side of the great hardships that would be laid on the landowners. (Voice: 'We do not believe it.") For years the Warrington Corporation had been afraid to join with other municipalities to , send to Parliament a memorial that they should get some Bill passed so that land, which was let for build- ing purposes, should pay its share of tbe taxes. That was brought before the Council three times and eitch time it was commanded to lie on the table, although it was for the good of the municipality. One night in the Council he rose up apd proposed that the matter should be left open for discussion and they cried him down saying it was a Political question. (Laughter.) He answered that the day would come when they would want to discuss the question. (Applause.) The object of the Budget was to raise money to pay for Dreadnoughts that they had beard so much talk about—(Voice: "Who is crying for them ?")—and for old-age pensions. They said, ."Go to where the money was to raise it." They were not going to tax the food of the country. They were going to tax the land of the country. (Applause). Mr. Lloyd-George had tapped one of the fountain springs of revenue in the taxation of land values--a spring from which revenue would flow into the Exchequer, and which would find the ways and means of educating the com- munity, of lifting the community up, of giving better dwelling-houses for the artisans, and at the same time pay for old age pensions, thus bringing into the homes of many thousands of the hard-working aged poor, a little sunshine and comfort which they well deserved. (Loud applause.) Councillor GRINDLE at the outset of his speech replied to several attacks .made upon the Budget and Mr. Lloyd-George. The Chancellor of the Exchequer had been called a "Dick Turpin," who simply robbed the rich and gave to the poor. Well,. he (the speaker) would rather be a" Dick Turpin "who robbed the rich and gave to the poor, than one who robbed the poor and gave to the rich. There was a placard out representing a big. stalwart workingman and in the corner it said" Less beer," as though beer were the ' thing that was uppermost in the minds of the British workingman. It was not uppermost. (Hear, hear.) The British workingman thcught more of his family than his beer and his tobacco. It was a libel on the workingman and the Trade Unions of our country ought to protest against it. He (the speaker) went down to London as a representa- tive of Eccles Town Council about unearned increment and the other representatives were all in favour of its taxation. They were not composed mainly of Liberals, but of Conservatives.. Mr. Harmood Banner, Conserva- tive member for Liverpool was one of the foremost men in the agitation under the late Conservative Government for the taxation of land values, but when the present Government proposed it and -be saw some chance of it being done, the boot was on the other leg. The Lords had too low,' made the laws of the land. The speaker explained the various clauses of the Budget and his speech was punctuated with signs of assent.

The audience were asked if they were in favour of the Budget and there was a unanimous show of hands in the affirmative.

Ou the proposition of Mr. JOSEPH HOWES, jun.,

- ....,....,....... . ..,..::::.. : i - ''."0!.77;t:•:•:::i..-•,3::iiilii:::•:i0iiii:e;:-Ziii:"AilE.7:;,.;....:.. . .•:.:.•.:,:::...,,,,,:::::,'-' . , _,,,,,,,, . ~„,..,. ... , ottospor ' ::•:;.: -:.:0::i.:.;;;:;:;::‘.:•:•••:.:.,:,-.---,::::zi, .....::::,..:.::',,..,:,...........‘", :::•::::...:.:.....::*::::::::.;:,-,,i*i:::wqggi - :5:: ''''' ' ... '''' '''''' ...." • . .........-:•:.,•••:::::;;::::;:::::::::,,vAS::*4:''''''"'Caft,Vots.4mi- - 4' - ~,i,i0..---- ...°. 4'. :,.....:-......:.'....... .. • , 4:.: : . ...:........:.:**..u.:::i:i*,:i:i:i4 ,;..... • .:,.. . ::. . ''. ..., : inm...3:....::,:& --- :•.,•: 1-- ~..., - -,e•-- :-,:..:::iii]:.:.::•ii:.iii...:::i- .::111( ~.....":', . ,--: - ...•:, •s; -.•--. . - - ..;:ii.:A.O.M.i./Vall:41:.4:::•1:1•::!.... . .:::::: • .... ;,„'.....''"if4-::1:ittgo • 4:•'..' - I.*--------. ---• '-:' - \ : •:•21::-;.;:i1:::::$!.P.:,:. .:' 4,...,',-.44:.....: ' ''. '' ' •giY...0./.!.-VM:tm.70,1&3..ift.,,50, ....,::. - .., -....•-c:.*•••• • -,:i!..„...-:.:.::*:: :,,.:,,,::,,,,,.:::.:.::::,::,4:44,:,:;,::,,,,,,Aitt.........v: -...'. • .., -.. : .: :,„,..*:-44:....,:i --- - .. / " --,...',..,"'" . ~..,. .„.:....:...:.:::.:.•:..i,::::*:::. .. - '' - • .- -. 40;,,-,.....:. - :.: .:•• ::...f..t......:.::•/!.::: -:$::;.- . ~., ......,:i*:.:•,......,::•::;:w.*:§:,!..i,i1:,....,•-•:::.0.0,:fef.-4,6c.:,,m:::x. • ,4i,,,:i:.,,,,i,i::1..x5...:i.......gwr ..'‘:''''''':::',:.,...W4;r./kns.f.:'•:;:::g*...:-.Nlolol%likk.. . ••••,:150:).6"- . ..., • :::::::::::ii.:,...•-• ' ' ---'''''' litt,....r:': i • ....:-:,:. „e„.......,.....,...:-.„,„.,...:.--- t... ~.-. „.„,,... ..,„.,,,,,:„,,,:.:-.....•,.„,„ „,,, ......:: A ••,..4. AO' ••-• : ... , r • ~,, • • .i._..'..:.:.: :::•. 1 ..::.:i.,::: .•::.i-:::1•*:.::::,,,,..• ..-,:i,:,,.;::.:?!.- '....=%4;.i:... .. • .. ,•:',',•:,:•.::..;":"4:. .:. ,i,., . ',..: ... :... ..,..‘ , .• " ......:::.;:...:.:: ' . 44"' i i;b., 4',::::';::; IV. . :,. . . .??.!:. ...:...-, t.. '•::::'•:. -4% P • .t:::• - .:*: 4::::,..- -Z•••• • %:,..,/i4:4i.:.:::. -.."......:K1V.r. '&;;:.'1%..:,.,;i;. ','W•:.,.:4......,,i':',! . „....... 1,!: ...,... .. ~.„.. ....,,, ...,;., ~:.,:.:., ... • . .. . . 4,,..,, ..........,.,.......... 5„,,,:::. ....:. ,:,. ... 7... t . . ~, .:::.:,.§.,..:..:,...5.::::..N::.:::::::.:.;•• . ...4::.::,.....::::%:.:, ....• ::::.::::. • -..; - :.•::-...:]:•:•":-..::,:;.41;*,.....-..„... ~... ~:.:....:: ...:•:..ii..::::.- - .s. A. ..k.• ,f„... 4,z... ....-.44,10;:::'.qA.:::'.::-:-.,:::::::.,i..::.%:...'.. .4.4.i?,1.•:.:`::Xin.J.,. .4: .. : :•:;.:: ;''72.,.. ..4'W.- ..';'-'::::.::;.:::7',.:.:7::,,ig.."'....4::. ~:...0.t..:::.:,.. ..-•::::::.*•,-;: ...5.4'..:'•:.; ":14,......:::- .4-.',..,;7;''''!'....., - .:*.,4::: '.3.:::-.:':::''s.:::::4:-...:.n.::;,:.'''''.":-:;:i*7t:::::::::,.....,...,:t7.-:...: t...tiLit::.:iii:1t:._....,...... .1:. .1 .: '..1.f.ft0 A.: ...:140:.:• ... ::.:::: ,4,-.'....1...":?:ii.•.;.":e.it: ..i...i:.:.ii.**a'.:4••• A11t4":,.**0C0V1t'..,..'.4•;:: ":.A:,'.:::0::."0.,:kk'-::.,gz.:* •f:4.it Alitt;:-4 •: .-:,- .:..,:ti';.4.4,-0.:,,',....jim4„:::•0.:::',.:•. .. . ..:;..:•:::.:nr...::::.:-..'::i;:•-••.:::::..*;-',1'..::.':.1iMinli4 :::',<.:: ' ,:.' :ii?':' :4%::::.A4‘'.:irinr':' 'P.:.1....::-..:•.;:::IC:::::. .::::;:;:4:k:V.:•C.::•7 1, ~:..ii..:10,...ak,.:., •,...,....:, „I ........,,,t.,,,...H,t.....: ~r,. ..,,,,,...i!:.....;,..:::::::...,..ime...1.14...„4.7.,..:.55.. .. .4viti.„.litia:voct,,:,ll.:.i.o:::::,:. .T ' . 4.;:::;::::::;',',...;.;,?;•: ~.:4544:11.1•AV '.:.:..t.:...:.:":14::0,:,•::,...:;::i....§0.0?ki:1::4iP: ..i: ...'"..f:..-...:::::';•:::,:;::::.:•-•:::...:.;;;: ‘•••.,i.ii..:::,",-.4.:.;•:-',• •::::,•::::17!:,'", i?•:i,.,i;f:,:-•,,,3f."2-40. Ailitt.Pg-: ii I .. ......,..*.wkNitaigi:;.. . : . vne ::., ,: . : .: . : i ..,:;::::::f:lVi.o"t • ; ::.!:.5.,. Atii,,,,:-.4..,..t „,:: :•.:. .:. ::.:,i. ~ , i:. .. „ ::. . . - .. , • .• , . :::: A, . .t ::.: : : t I.;_:::::::*, : 11 inov:i. ig. r: . '4.,ryt..',,Awt,..i a:c:-..:. si-ki,.:: •:!..i.' .. . :::::4§1:4 '..'.. . , .:::.:**-. :, : 0:',:::i•,•:., z:;:M0-4•:: •••••:-,--, I 1 :i 4 ;','i'..' ..... ..:''A',7-r..: . - . ' ' .**T; . In**, ',-. ' 4i,.;'::-..:'::4:.•••T:4-7,ta::',--0.:.?•• . , .:: '• - - .. ...: 47:-.H; :340.4 ii:;:f '?!. : - : '': -..:6:iglMPi.:,:. . • -*: '':..' -:;- :-.:': li ':'''.:".::'' -.- ::: i- - - . - '.:, ~,„;:: : :....::..:7, ,-..' :i. .*, 1. k:."..*:'! ::;, ; . .:::: 1 : l'iLi. Ii•-•:,4:. Z Ibiyii i i. lOggil . iiiikt:.' - , , .:: ',.: :fie 1 '. i.: ', 'i •'''': I.n:..:::::'.: ' " , ". '.---: -fs''.::'''%:', ':','„,',.:, .!kt.,il-!„ ~: ':'.'::: t: . .:::‘,),4:q4-;!:,::. i,: .:, 17.“.:. liT: ,:1.241i.„1: :.<: -.•...: :. :!-:-.61..::: . : .:: .011 - -)ji. i. ...":- .:,-. s':::::.,--N:i4f : i ~:, .;.:.: :::•;.;:,:ti*„.-::: , ~ : . ' iIiD.,.C:. 4:::: .:,.: Z.,. . : - ~:4F2i.:'...: :'.: -;:',.-);-: ! .7.„ ~(:y; - ' 4.).fifft; . ' 7. . : :: . ! ~ . . ~ .'. . s: '' : 3:1'.,. V :: i Trtailliiii,"R"..',o , : i ..:.: ii:-,: :. .: . . :::. '-,!:',i • -, . ,-. :-, . - - ' -1•:,:•::.c.' r:14::.:::,.vii:,...14..kr,::::A;;;;'::, -41: ;:c::-;:i,i4Ialiaif:•:::•101:1,:rtv.,,i,1,...:.:.:.,::: ....:::,,,,,,„,:::::':...:-:4141gpi::•::,,.-.-:....- ... .:sigiAittili':<•:l6,2ltis,;'"..,4o,,;:-..:•':•:;,;....,H.:''...:Pii.::.:;:oi:::::::i:::!::4-.:::::;::'"'-'Nettaii.ile.:11.1i.4....,:::::. ":,.''':E.:l7.*•:-...4k#MllllP.:§4o:.%:;;is:.:iii.:4,i;•:::gliali:fg.'!',•gt.:::-,...:41tt,Ak.::-.'::t•-111.i..;.1.::::1,..111•!:igliti...li::,::*4.; -i.,.......-‘5.:......;,.:,,:., -...,--,.,..:-.;.,:::.i.::•:.:mt:•::-Iiiifipligia:.:.;5111 ;:.34..-..-1 . . •:::-.', -:, il -, . 11..1,•.:::::!?.i1it...:.,..E.,...F,::7::!..-.. :....,i.;,-!:..:::.:.,,'::•4-- f.. 1 -:•:•,;:.......,...:,.72?:::::::it0:F.......e...T:....,:i.A0-:;..;.I.:::::::t:;:4;:::.:C:Zt•:::,...i2.4*.i.-s:::::::.*„.;V: •.. ':':•w_,--, t-;•:,-,,:r::.,:',..t..525..:.".-4.r...--,:::,.:•F.f....07:6"...,..-:.,..:::::i:':;?.,-.:::•,.:,..„-:-;;,:;•:•:::::.:::•:::,...:::::...i:4710.3i.ionk-,:ii:.???.:,:: 'Zii A.,- • ..::::.i.,...: ,-:' . .:-.:. -..§.:liii. ::•1,!:!-•::.::::::, .':: ::': -..',:.:',•?, ~.:t= 4..:-.4,.-• ~..:••:::::::::.....:;4•Aaw-A4oe.;rifftw.,:!:!,..::.;:::!:!...:::::'•:1•,:-,,,..0..:.:#.- . lii,ivn:.::-:::::::.:,..,....::.;,•:-.3.......:•:•:::0-,Fall.....,:,:...-,•::•::14...,•::.,;:,:.::.?.:.:;:im, E.T..iGaii:.;:;:iivitii -.:::4:0:D.'8,,' ..•:: - -: :,::. :4:.::.:., •• . ..-P.,:::-..7.4..:::•:30:-.-i,...:,„00:: t, I t dile" ( ,:li‘-m•.::•,?..,„,.:,.....-..,.-:.....,•-,,,:-.,-::::"..::-..:::,...,,-*74,..,m,i.„,,,,-.:4.*:,,t).4.-,...101,:f.•,?.:".::•:-:.7.:7:•:....-...-e,,,-..-4'. .................. ~:::::„...?..::: . ....,..::::.4.....,..z.,;:iii,tvrik, :::::1.14"...::.,;,..,::....,.:.::::,:m. „,.::.,.::::,..,i:. :4.1L4,..4:444417•4•••i,.:,,... ~.1.4 .. - : , ..:,:::<' -.'. - ~., . --•-i:.:.,:::::'...-..;-'''.:1':::::: ::'-:::.-: '.'•::--0,.!....:::.i.t.' :,'"`:;'::::.-1:-...1.,;-'..:4:•.;"-'4,tir.it, grictrati3','?'4.7.ll,t,...'.::::„....:fAiliNk?::-.10,7;.*:;:e•'..."':!,i::,,,:.,?...4.4ek'1:::.:,:::‘.,M.i....g:::;A• 1.647t.,!:.:....:.:-__„•,,,..;. ..-:::'P..':''..:':.7.•,..,‘,....',,,..:-:::-.....';N:.: - , ...:::!:. '•-';:. ::....:''' :' ' .'''''',...: • 2 ::'t''.: ..... 3''''R--: .. s.•:.'''' - ',.,4:' ...N.l4**-14S-IX.:••••::AA'Xi:g44':-.' :t:,••••••:;':.:l',..aiP••:••,:fiki.',..‘'t.o:l4:§4,•;:"l:UtO. -1:44.6.::::...E.t.',"....::.; :-... ......",:5..,,:...1a-aut4,Wr0:f4.•,..;••:5.....:.....:i'::......::....H4,4:4•0-:••'$i:. -•.; 7- -' ' - • - "52.b.:434.ft.. ..:.-dig.":;;:::.::...*:::::4*:14.L1.1,4,:fA1igi.,tt.,..:::::44,11g:*'•' s"lLT:kg.::"l:...‘Ei..kik.:•":':;'.•:::fig‘,":o'.•::%.k•i::, A; s'......g.....:::,=••••::•••:.0L••••:•-.:,::.:,g0s..-;%.."4.t.;i6lritligkiti9MC".•:::::•&•;•.40:"•:::';:-E"''-:.'":*;.%A....:41:;;::•••••:1•.:':' IP. :iliir..l:lli:.i. :::: . •-:.•Pt..:4-i",.:*-0.>•,41-1I1111111141: Ot" ll*. -4'l'; '.;:•:."::i.a.'i4f:t '.i.0W:::::.;::::•7•::!:•:54.....:::....':'..0..!t•:•*k5, r....;:.:',:i.::''''.Z.:.•'•l:;','. • •••:;.k•••>.4.:•....'•::020:44 .-:•,,P4V;iiniks:4:4:aa:Ntell, 46,14,14*. • .*...., .. •,:......„..,.. ,:,:. iK,..,•:•.i .5..%: -......,,.,iii:::-...:. ....::,.. " :•••:::::::,.. zc...s. ..,N:::::. • ..... •••::::,:it',..Xibk, ...,:0:4,,,.......„-,,t-.„. 1 .:,,...:' '''.1.;11:::;::::!•:: .-:. ,:%.........40.4445,,Aktii4AilkkOISVIC.iig:&i...:•.:.E•;:g! ''..E.4...H.'. IA , 1?4:I,':••••i?.:::'...-4' ::::-::::..!:':::'•/...:,,,t,':::1:; ..44.1.:.....,r,C•t.•::::•Q::....:1.7.t4.46 . -:.A...:0k. . '1%..-.....:::::;:-E7*.::::.:4: .....:••••:::o::.*4..M*:„*.:''''FNekiw*:.:Uktij: ...,ip0'..,':.A0.0n:::.••.3.1.54::,.:..:'•:•'• •' :::::"Pekt*Aigi*O:%‘:Mti::'''alikX.l:::•:.i. - '4!•''N.t:,1.414:6A '....:-•':•:•'; ?......: A.:.':•-••;9:....‘...,: ...1i...i.:4.:•2ini....•;......':'4.,',.....::::::•:.,..E.,:.a .\:::::',:: .‘-itt,*.:.:, :,.:,*.:::::•:.....;:::51:::'.:•4:.t.:••:•''........ii?:''''''...:,4. -:•4.. .•:••:::::%.gfal:tgibl',ol . ik,.:tt:•:,.-:•:.i.i:,-.•:::::::••••:::..1.0.-......,:::::;:;:•;-.-::::..-..,„..,;.01‘...,_.: .......::.:N05AMW5‘..*.47..1.t7•-::'.'.!.:•Y•a4a.ißtf:M.lV:....;;::!!::::::;;;Z:Qi.ig::;;z.:.4;k:- l':;* i • V.1.::.....:.:;...-.4":%:.•%-:::::.:0.:-...*::::::-.7.,K.:'.-.,:..:.:•„;t..:::-iR-.'Iii:.. •::.,i,*, .4...4, .. top.o-..k:4::<..:ze,,:•..-::....,::....:•'.:••••••-gi,.. ... :a%Q.:.i;iNkoi.iimh :::::::::•Nt';,...' 4:::.1i.;:.:::.•:.::':..............0::::::',,:..1tAt15-,,:::::3.4:;-;t:...-:../.;::•..;.:...:4;.:•-: ',..:.....::-,:;:i ......:, %.!„*.A&Z*,4l.i*M.,:r•-• ...U....•.:.:,'.-:::::1‘.:-::::::: .:%•,41MV-?,.i.::iftii..§% - ::.:,4..:;-•./.:0...."7, zW,...4ggii.i..::::;•:::::.:0,: - 7.7::''''''' !::". .:-...::: .i1..,•,:....' - .. • '..- . 1AMi.l.::•21;V; '•-•40:. :::..::‘':i:::......k.4•1...:.A::::•...:•'...V.:;:•::::.:::-.tkik,..::::;::::•-::!''.:::::•;<.- :s.:1*.••••••:....:.':g::. ~,4",.:... , t"...:.:.':...1,:.,,,.......:4 it:MOILLhi:Uk44OI.OIIIV: tr. ::;;:f..40.::::;•.;:.,......„,:;:a:%,;:::::::::.::.::.:::.....!.::...:,..„...,:.•,:.:.:.„...,„.,...,. ..:....:„,„i.:.:.::..,..,,„„1„:„..„.4.:,.....„.:...,,,.:,..::::::::..:.,,:.....„.:„,:,:.:,...5..:::,.:„,.......:;:„...,,:•.it,„.:*....7.7.4y.:...::.::,.:•..:...„.„0.,.:,„,.:,:...!:.:::i:„,,,.:...:•::,,zitiv,.„4,i.,.......:41,6:::,,i,6.„‘„,;!,,i4....„...,_ .....t...:t.:.:;::...,„,,.,...::...:44,,,...00a:....„1.14.,i.4.,::::::::;.... .:::::;:,::.,.:.,:..,:•:.,:,,„4.,:,0.ii:::;iii:,040::::.:...:::::.:.,:::,::.5,i.:.:::,..:....4...,r0;:::::::.,..:,..:::::.t.1,,4......:4„,:.......,,:::•,..,:„::::.....:x........7,:,,;:;:.::::,.:......:<.:u.......,..]:.::.,....‘.i.....:.:::4,14.4.:i:;„...7 _i:wm.::1;m:05:::,,,:::.:_.,:::...;:.:....::...::„....„................... -... :,;i.'•::::•liki:':'::::ii.,.H.*".,.........Aii:iiiigailiii.:,;,l.•:,: -.•::,!qiiiiii•owaixii., ftt.k..::::!..:,..f,,"---:. 1!!.::-:.- .-•.:!!:::::%:..4.;,,,:i;,z,'•:."..--::°,'.:::,...::.,::::.. 4:,..:":,.:.:'!.:.-::,..,,,.::.-....Am%. :,;%,.;a::,i;.....'.'`...:.!.:.L.::-:.•..,*,-....:...-"gi:::::.:.,k,.%Tiftgok..l:- _,,,..::!..,,,,,,.,,,,,,,„,:::,,,,,,:,..4„,„:,...m.,,,,,,,,,,.....„-,,,,g,,,,,,,g,,,,i04: 4.,,,,::, .:,,,,,,,m0.:,,,,,,,_:::,,,1";:i.,0%,";.,::,„:..:::: .- .:::..,w.: , .....,:•• ::.,,,,, •,.,;:z...::::.:,„•-•,,::::,:" -,:,i::::::..., .-.:•:•:•...,:..........:.:....:.:::-....-.N::•:.,:-•,-,04•••::::.,:.,.......,-. • ..,,..,.,• • • - kwis,, ft* ...:4-3.)lfAitiosi::::4l.:...o.oessiwisit...::,i4i:::imiNgiimaissirt,.ttlk...i:::-,..::.•.:,k ~:.• ~.,7k:';.....1,,..-:;:•:44.i.1-.•!,,,:::,:..,.-......4%.,-..- "--- biliggp. ligi....uaiiilingglaMiliamoititifkiifAwA"'"'"'"":- vi :.....41„::.;.7;.,,,m7:.t.t..,.,,a:,.z,.::m::.,:::::::,.:m:.,:,:.,:::.,:.,:,„:„,,,,..,,.,,„,.:...e,.......v........... -: *. , ...,„,::...,,,:.:: •• .

Flying being impossible on account of the high wind on Thursday, the crowd was given permission to amuse itself by inspecting the aeroplanes at close quarters; the

. ~ . . , . - ••••••,,,,,,,4,- ~..,,,:::,:z:A.r..,,,,:p....::::::',..„:„....i,..„:„.„:0.F.5„.„1„, .4, :40 . .z, • , . . . . "-'''''''''''''":*:4-:1/4z.:':::-:'-:-,::-:'•'.::4:'::-:::-::::Z::•:i- ?:::::,-:-..4:: ...,,,,,,:::,,,xe-',:":0,:::N.,,,*:;:nt:cf,,,,1.iimitii,U:::,,i.,,,ti::;„„:::„.4,,,ii...„..i:it:,.:::.?.......e....4....„.4.1:00.../„..m.:,,,...., .•,,. . . . • ''...'''''''''''''''''''.' ..:.::;.:''*:::::::::"'"'.:::1:%1'....:::::.*:'.*:::.4.i.:4. '.'"`:' . :'"::':::.::.'i:::'..4;:.::.:.i:*';:i.:'..:.:%:*:":',':,':i:':":4,,'::::§;•.,''',::;.:::.;::::,::;•::%:::::gr:?.:ii:::::ii•i::::::&.:::,:ii":4'::?:,..t. :,..1.0.1.4,•44.,..:....*:.:'•'••::i,4144.1.1e:,,,itti..:!::,;;;1:titi:;::t;:::Liiiir:fei..'•:„.:Ne:K1iii:g.iii:::,..51...1fit.6,0,:e.:;5.44.44::•,,,,,51..,,,,,14.,.."..49.....r.i1t.1.:211.4t:ii::::.,:.4:1.6„.v0ter.t5ii1i..; .1.::t.4::::7,:,,,,,/:,,....."..:,:„., ''. -4-- -':' . ''''''''...4E'''''...*:;&:l*:°4*-a*-I'LC'e'l::**4.".:Wi..;'''s:::XWii:4l.4ll.l°.:l'.:i'.:V:":4'::".". ''''':*:'''.:**::l:4l.'"''''':::;4:43?"';':'.;'." °Y..' '•:•;:':' ' 43`'''''N7•,V43::':V•iik:ik''''''''V.:47; ttaY4...1i*:444-4•4044;k:V•40a0X.0V1Viiiii*:::::X..i,:•'r.i.ii,1rek....*.:i:,*::.........,'.154he.i4A.; , It",4.lrir-f.:l ..,,..: .::: . :'412• 4.47' fir:?"4-I::**;:•,***;°:'"r-:-'',,-.4.:.•- 44:WRNS•ftiVeUV4.1KS:Aii,t..i:.3,.i:40g4:**,*.i:;41:kr•:-CIVON4I4Ki:i. '..t:'''.. ::...XV10:§0.:02,„.:*%,::141A,t,::F.Z4.5, ....::..rit;:g.aziii:„.A.Ms.,l:.:::,?„:x„..,...§>tzwiog„•,„.:•,.s.: ..-..:4.,....,,,?... .‘,&,..;.?*.4::.*.... •'.. 17 ..- '''..* :.;:'4:.2::" -**.:':,;:t.,' . -';*'''''' -4,,,,0M'5-;',..:"' ',.'- ...,:er''',..i!..:41%,,,.A.,,::',fff;:n., *,,kk,:;•.?:•,..4.4,10:•'.,•„,.'4,40.:44:4.1.C.R4r4qiinfaik.i5,:gi, ;•ti:::V:::.:K,:y4etepe • a,k,.'..,k -,...,::.•;',,,, • ''';i:.::•::::'sa4"•,:e.i..f;:::?,.'N.V.-§.4X:i.k,iii*Yet&J'hi, lii".:•WANC.,niiKife.,47lA's.,:r::?:•.•.;ft-o.X,:ii.f.Ni§::::::"llfijA.,..::,,:ZiNl4:::TilteiVAN:44.t. t :13'.1.÷:77;,:i;.'if:;-;,":-:i4'it4::; ''A'''.:T.•: .•:',....1;:i,".,..''..it'''':::,•:"..t.:1-4.ri1;:v."..."' ::::°....11:7:#1:;,...;.::1::::.,•:::::Li.;.:‘,"::::,....7.•:,:i.,....,!•'40..,:it''' •,,,•,-,l'.::+t-c.40.;:k-1,,,: fig.tirt.',..07,,,,?...7-*.....ir';0.J.:::7101.4:. 4.0.VW....,..... _•,.."...1'.:..:".!::!::,'"V:•;•.,,,A1:::.:;;;;,..1::::!,41::til:::::...X.4:::VeY"..;•:".*;....:• :?,...A. ...'...::,,,,.......:•;:r.,.....11,...(:,,t,;'4,,.:1,1.........i".„,...?•;.':,,,.....;*...A.,..,,5•.:p.:._,1F: ix....,,,,,H;v::%•:..,-4,•4.,:',.t.• .$*.;•,,,,...,?....:,ir,,..‹...: _•;,,:....,.•,./..(it1.4:,,,,,,,,,..V.,.::.,,,,,,. ~,,,..,x:•:••,,,.i.,:tii,4.•>;...piiii.,,.:•••,.. ,i..5.:::.:tit.,1:,,,,1tt:„.„,i4. :.,.....k01i45i•h5..1.:„.....7.,:.5;;.•,..:....,,,,,::,..:t„.114:;:t,:,.,........:::iti4.*;zpi7f1tirti...i:.. ......z.*:44,12.:1,..01.0:x.,....f. i‘. .5' ''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''':r.' '''''''':o-''''''':+lo.,:',..:.::l,..r A.„,.;.‘4..P.,:: '''''', :e::'*•,•:4... :1*.:,'''..:1:A,,,.. .:„...:e•Ae...,..P:',.:••.f..-:24;;74. 'i:.' ~•::.:;t, ,„4,:1::::.W:Viktk:::;,,,,K;?,•,,,MV, , ~I -..7.1,-,,..: , . , . „K..:.,:.:. :,,,,d,:„4,1,::::,041,,,,,,,,.,:,::,,,,,Ay,,,z,.......6,5.4:. ,A,K,,,..4.7..., ...4,,,,,t,.. ~....÷.,,,, ~:„:„. .......„...„..,„............w4.,.:1,,.....iiii....4.:. A . .........,,...,_ ..„.............„. ......: . .. '''''''::*.:4:':':l3":' '''''':4-::':';''',...:::71":". TY.,..,-I:,'. -,..i '''''''...?'..i..,' ~,,,• • -:.:-.7,,, ...%.,",- s''''• ' .•'::::::'::....'"..--.,...,,,,,*: ...:::. :.... , ' ' av• •,,,...• '1..; ,- ',:',..;',;••••••• :cn..4:-.,,,,„/A.,),','::- •,,,, -:04.,&„:' %V :3,,,,,.:::-.:-.0,%,..::::',., -;,.....„., '..;• - ...,:`.-`":".-- .: • • vg:::.. -:,:,..V..,,,%•....Y.4.;,,,,...:Kf..v.r.:1,44:,-....ix1,,,1rg,;: :t,.:,:::5;;;1_,,:t.;:i::::4;:v...v.....*:::•,:p:: ~,,,,gr.t.:::,,,,::::ii.e.:5.;t1r2.,,..4.4-v.L::ft,At,cak.,?..47:.>.i ',,,,,:•.,?,,:,..51, ,'• ).-51-f:°:.F.i.;.1:4:4'..... -*: 1.:.-:: 7,14' ' ' - ': :.5.-''.4'.'""s"-k7.4.....t:-.: ".." /..*:'.. ..' ':':':-:::::.:'''''''.: ..-.....''''''' >,-..:.":".''''''''''::::::::-..•:':'::::''''''':''''''''',... • ' ..,•'''''''"'''''''':::' '.....glk,S;''''.• ...• ''•:.:.::::-. :::•••••:•••:::-:•i•:-• ''• • - '''' , 4:,•:•:::•::::•:•:::•::; . -:-. • ':':(:::.:......::•!;:......::.''..:::.:;:-•,.:,..,.4;:•::•;•.;,:ti.,,,,,-...:, :T.,:ix?......A..::,..,..,,....r,,,,.,,5..„41. :•:.:14...e.,,,,,,,,m,...-Ko,„s3_:.,:tic::::lir ,mi..c.,_. ......4m..4..im....7,,,,,„.„ , 4,0,.... - ?"...1. '''''''''''''' 4.:4'"•::':t.'s3:-::;:"... t; •••:.'3:•': ;;"44'''i::•'45,'4,1:-*•1'.3'•..... ...:'-.inii':;k.;:.*.i:.:';:••,•.-4?:••••:••***•T.:.>•'•:i::.i:':.:.4 .....1:1:4•..•:t.•,:11::gie,Vg •-:•-lin?'" ..• ..: .•.•".. % ..' .:: . .::::::::::'!..r..........i1t '.]i:::;:.Q.::-.::::::.•:•:•:::::•%:Vizi:''''::::i•i:ii•iffi:i,iM••••::n::::n••••.•:•,:i4:W..3643,MTAKeitil ..t:g9sFs.;•,:;;*•''''' -AlilW.s.ll:ji.frfArliiig,ig - :':7•41:, ,L.:•*:'''.."•'::',-#.3,`04:••i':,,i:'.•:>.,,,..:•44:::',.:::%•••5'4*K;::i1ig:'• • 11V-44,...14:30411K:44%•,;,;.w. •,•••4j.,:ek •-,:•.-0:. '• ~.........4,.. „ .. ..:,..,.... --.......it. 1e..i.: .••.,„.-,-4:.:.• ~::, ~....,:,..,- .X.i..; -...:•.:,•.:::.,,r, .....,,,:_i::;.,,:-•-.;:•,: -..-, • .....,..., • "'444E.'44.-e.,•'''::::::::::::,1.!K, ••• • -•ns:: :. ~,,--• 4„,..,-...,-... „•,,,,...f.,,,,,,,,,,,, .. . ...,;:. .T.,- ...:•• ~...r:•,,-.-. .4.1,...:...,... .. tt, ' . ''''' . "" "."'• "' ." '..• ''''• " . ' - ' .*:"--...A4;:::::::::•M: —*Am ..::::,.::::::?-.... mi:,:5.,:x>,.:Agfw..::%3K:.,:v.,_ .„.. 0.355tt.. ',4"..-t-V141,--...,:::,..:,:::.::::::„...:,::.:::.&,:„.„,..,..., ... •Vit,.......,,," .• ..,,,L, .• , • . ..,,,,,,,.:. ~:,,,,,k., ..,... . , , ~ .... . . . .... .... . ~.:.:•K:r:?•:!...; ? .• .....1: •• , • -' • • 51r:...:x.. "*;':*::::'''' ..f• • '''.- ::-- .;fsi,•::::..X.:,:::::iff .:::::-;;:p1.,,,--:-*:,:e.,,,,44.2 ..,:f.,ii:.,:711;;;;;;:5_,: :•:•:-, -:-.“....-'.'",.. , ~....,,ii-.1::Kiii:::::',..::::4 .......n......:.::K5?;:i'.:.:.% ":•:::::. • . - ~,.- ...;::1-:';,;,' ,:;.!,:;;;;;Ai.:::,4-:!:::::::', .... „,,,:- ,:--...: ~..../'• ~;'..: •:--7".•;:r,y;:N::..,?..., : Ws :.- ....,::*„. ..",K,4 :::: •*::, k••••:::..; : : :.•:;.. -P,::::,',:: t• "'ik:;;;W;i.: • .....:..x..t,,,::.:::',..:-:l,'i -..'tn:?••::?..::-...,?::.:. . .::1:i5'..0.%44:V.;.......''".4*-4M°:::-:::::7:r 7*.?";i: •.*::''''''''k. -....•:?''''''.:',V4::,..4.4:,§:05:.:, .4,. ••• ..'. •••• • • .. :!•!••• :f..5.0*:;•••••::23K:i:;::•••••• •::,:••••::;•:•••%.•••!,,,,i,S2rW , it.:::,:,.:.....:.,,,,,,..: ~.% .•••*•••.i••••*.tit,:*,:sW2.-•*•;:,.!,',........Z0 ::..;..."••••••4,10.• ,_ • . :• ' ' .....47.• • ::.,......:§..`;::;:..:Kft:10.,,::.,:K. ..,. 4,.....,:::&1gtik • • •-.:.;,:... :0.4... .....:.,,,..:15.::::i,,........,., ...:,....:„........„.. .::.:':.;-",...'%::1ti?::-5. .. 0:::,‘,'••••,..i...J. •' ". ••••''.'f*.::..'ql.,* ::';',.:•••?:-.••;::'.:**;n::'''..A..-....::......- ...• 5...'..:::;::::•••'.....:''.:':'•'::.:-/;•:..4: ;,%;*;:. .•:..:Zi?::::::::iiii.:.......1.'"i ....:••.: • ..4.",..:..tti1,%•:::;::' ' :',!--...i..-:::......::::,.....:.::..:.:.:. :. :.,..:*iv...-.i. :;:::.:..........• - ..4::::.•1:::.:-.--'?.:..:::.:.,itgw:,..: ,--'... -.N.:4K... .........m ..'.-.....-0....-.4, - ---...-F.:,,,,, ..... ..:..:.,. - ,- .. Tr.:7'''''.44'..:P.W.Vst- . '''::'"'-' ..::::: '::...-.... :..''':::''l."':''..:;:, - ---:':./ :' '..:::'::' ''''''''''.''' '''..gt--5-?::4U.:??15e-,;....- i.. -.:.' .. :.....$ ..,:.-- ...,.?.k, .... ......-... .......:::::ft,:i:4::::.--..,-.- .-::••••• ~:]:.]*:...;.,:e.,#..,,,K..:.:.:::.:,..:,....„ . ..:„....:.„:..,,,,, . ...:. ::::....:. . --4.- .:.::.'.. ..::,,-:*: ---.`t• 1::::.:3-::::4r:A: ''-':lt.:',:'-':;'...;:-.::'.---...:-.:. • . '''''....:. . ..1.1:-,z::;.:::.. "..:-::::.:i.:iii,.. < ...::',.'::::;::`'...E.ie„iii..4l. 4 '-.AliniNfir....%:::;:al. ' -..:-....;.N.44#:;«;.:.''... • .4...i':.:::.§:1.:,.'.,....1%;,... ~,::;,..410r....,, .....::::.A. H..'...::t,'.2.-....::.,..i,:i-,:-..:::'.:,....:11.4.r,'..",, ..44:;:!-.f:.,'..iia. :.:....*..tift., ...!..:.i.:iig.P..z,:.,:::,(...... :::::.;:,.,,,,,.!.„7,,,,-.:.....1.::::.„:....1:7:r::,.:.,.::•:. -...............d....0,....... :4 1 illt ,---„, • - ~.:-----,:•:,n:„:,•,,•,.,::.:,i,,,-.:-; , -: , ~. ~:::,:v•-.---,,::..-...,...:,,,:0::.:,,:ti0tz":".... :.:.-,•zet-:::.:,::01.,:,,:54:::.:;_i;:alt .:. :.,:;„4.m4. ....„x..,:,.:,:rr.:04,,,;:i,r...,::,...:401,,,,,.:.„,w,0.,i:........1..., :::.1::::....:,.,:,,i,::,,..„„..,..,:,,,,.::...,.. ;,::.itti1ir,................ ~...,..,. .. ...:„,„,.......,.. ~...;:„..,...::.::::::„,„:„.::...„,„,::,.„:,,,„,,,,. .:.,„; low --.--t,:-.::...,::::-:::: :,,,,a-in,,,:?;,,,,,,ta:-. .----4,,,,-.1.....,,,,,,,,,,,,,-. ---,...--,,,,,,,..--,-.4:,•::,,,.., •-,,,i4,,,,,,:„:,„-„:,::,,,:4-,•:0„::,...:;„:::::::::„.:-.:,4,,,:i::•••••„:..2:;.:::„..,,-;::::::,:.:410044.::.::m.::*.,..a.0.,4,,,t.....4...4,,,,,,:,,,,:„...,.::.:,:::::....4,,,:::....:-...,,:,,,,,c:•...-.7..:••:::,:-.::::;;;;-..;,-;::.‘:-.::„•:::,....„• ~..........,:ik;/4.E:,.;,,p.;,„.4.41.::::,:,......,_:::...,:i.,1,,..4e.::,.:4...,;.::::.,:....-:::::::::„44""›..:::;4:;,44,.,:1444:atim.-.:.4.:;-,::.:x:;:,,,.:.,:iim,..„.....w.m.:0..,.viat:.,:mrk„..„-2.,:1..5t.,:am,,,,:mv.t,.,.;.,e.,.:.,....::::\•.,::„., v. -.44-,,,,....-••••, .x.,_.....-„,..4,,,,„••••:_•„_-„::;..t•.,474..:7.:".•., ..,- ~.„:,,.5.„1..,,,,A:.,.,t.,:,........„,...,..,„,...:.....1,,,iiii..,,1.,i1.„...,,,,::,,,,:,.,::::-.J.,i5...::,,:1...:44,1,v.::,,,..:„...:„1,Az,,1,.....:1,:. ,:i,:,„•,,::,..:;,•„4,./,„:,,;„?..:,..k.,,,..:...:::..,.:.:„..:,.m...:.?.:.:::.,..,......„....:::.:„.:,,...„.:. ~....:2....:,,...5.,...:„......,.....:.:.;;„„,„.„.m...„..4„,.....,.:,.,,.:„:.,:.„: ~..:::-Atin.• . -,:,:::.,,:g;;k_,,-.1-_,,,,,,,,•.:„,,,5:.::;:....:-;:::.:,.-,:...;r4.,,,:.„.r.......:..:,L._,-._.;-.•.. :....:,....1.,....„..,...:.........,....,.,.::...:......:...........„....„...,,:x.,„:...„...::,„..,..„,,,,...:.,..,.:.,..,„<i:„..„„........,,::,:„:,„..:„.......:„..„:..,.:::,....1:::.,.:,_,..4,,,.,........„.;:.,,.......,...,:......::,,,..„,1.:.,.:,.:,4... .:.„...,.:...,,,t,...„.,,,_,,:,,,,...:_:::.,..„.„....:...:....„:„.:,...„..,...,..:::::...::......„,....::,....,.,,:._.........,...„..,, .....:•.;.-::,:: ...;--,..•:„:„.4:-:%•..:.w,i.m.....,,,,t4c5,,::i,-•.,,,:-,:.,,,,,#2.:.„...,...,...,,,,.:::::::.„:-,;„‘.....s.„k:„.,,„..,„,,,,,,,,,J,•:::::ze:::.:::•:,:m:::,,,,„4:114,:::::::::„„g0„,r0..„.•:..,x,•mi„.,:„„.1,4:3E,m„x0g.e..u„,v,i,...04:40,::„.,;:..,;:*,„::., ..:.v.4,:„...7:t7:11,1m04,..„:::::.a.::,..,....::::..4:::.,:,...:::,:....a::::.:.„..::.7..:.•...,........:..:„.. • r+s-•-:-::::;.,-,-• .-..„,„...--":"6„...-4,i1,--,14:41tx-,t.11.,,,,-.2.•,....11.„,,y,,i,"%,",:iim..:,:t,,,,z?„-:::;,,:,,•:,:::::,•,--1:1,,,,,lity,,,r-pta-••:,,:-:,„:1.•;.om, .4.,::,:,:vem.,.....4„,,,, .::,.44400:a.,..04...,01,,m,:g::,..,1.:-,,,.........:,,:•::...0e,..-...,•,.:.,v..:•••:::.:•........„,:::.:::,-„mit4.,1.,::.:v,a,;.:.::,.:...;.e..:,..0,401v4tag.,,•:....;_i....g0n:.:::c,...„,::::,:,,....:.:....„4..:.:„....:;,. ~,,,-:-1/4:,,,•1:,,--.:..-„,,..:.:,,,.::...4::__:,...,..,:...::...ii,....:::„._,,„•,,,5.,...,:„...;_:-..r.... 1t,....._,_,:..•..,........„,.......,:.,„..:i.,..:„.:,.,_..-..,..:,...:...:....,,..-,.......:.;.,......:..,:t,„,:...,„:„._,...,,,;:-„,...,::,.:mN.,..„,„....:.„...,,,-,,,,v,4,„4...:„.1.e:::.„.,..2.,„...„,.....0444.,.:,:::•,..,„,:.,;:,0z5.g.:„,...a,„,r,,.4. :..,...:.,..;.4 0v,,,r4„.:.,•.:•:...::::„,.:_,e..„,4,,,.::„„..,,,.,.,.1,..„..,:,,„,...,....,...;.:::4::.,:.:).„:„:„.,„.c.;,::.,.5........:,..:.,:.;.......,...,.,,,:5„::..:.:...,..,.....;.,...:.,...:.:,::.;,...,:::.,.. ~..;,.__-: ....„:„.,„,„.......,.....;./..,),•_:.....„.....,:+,,,,„::_m„.„..,,,,, „:::...,,......,:„..$:......:„....,..„..:„.: ,:::.,„::::,,.:......:,.„,.::„:,*,.„,0A„zw,:.,.:Lw.::,.,..,,,:,..,:•„.:„.:,r.....,...,...,„.,",.,..wA„:,,„,:.,1„„„:„„:::.::::,.....„..r.:,,,,a.„,,:,:i,i:•:mm,„;•:,1.::::„.,..5,1..x:•:,..,::;,..,„„„„:...::,„,.,:„.,....;:r,....:::::: ..A.;::...„..5.:::::.:„:::::::.,,m,„....,:.:,„::„.e.:„?„.,,,:5..,„:.::..,„.„.3:.,„:.:::.,:..,„a,:::•:i,::.i.,:,,:„,„:„....:,5,..4:....„......:,..::::„.„,w....,..,}:::„.,;.....N,,,... ......4.:.:,:, ,c. i ::s'....'"ir:' .I'l'. '''' '''''...4......'4''''''''l."7::: . . . :':: ''''':l::'''''''''''''''''';'. :''':::::..:(:::"... ''''... ".'"':-:'n.::::::V.:'i':4s‘4l:iL.'•". '..•:.1i:41:.•*1:•A•••••‘,-4*.09,4::•:.:Ki&Z?;.'''' ,:gi::::::::4AW:Wi':c.,..WiAW.f.A.:.••• :•;:o,:•••,..,;::::::.:::::ax,:::::...Y.44.„,„,...13. 5,•,:.....{:•,..,.........::::::,..:::,..:::::..ff.r.!......:„....:.;.., ~:-:.5.:-.::....,1-,......e.,::::::.:.::•,•:.:A.:;,,:-.:::::::....,..........4::::„.........,,-0:::::.....•:„....t:ft::::,....:00,...i.A , ...4r '':ll".<':ll74'''''''. s•-:. `'.4.17'..,•:.':'::::i1i:!!!/?4'...f.:::. *.Hi•-!."--,:...'...'•.:::•3:-.:",:tiiint,*•4:..,te:*•.:.?i, '!:•.:.'' '. ~••qi,:!..41:?..t*:..,M:"::::,ittfritY•%:,,1::::.),:.Gii.....:;;:a.::..MM1:•::i:M.1iiii.,:`•i; „;K::.:i.....,... '''::•'::...:.f;::::..:::::J!?.;pr..fig:,,a:•N>l-:!-.T.:...4•,yi•,N::.;:-..:,-::•::;%•:MO:•i4pA•rgggg•.;•:;:,.':.:...t....,::.:,..•..:.•...::-.::...•.......•,...;::;;„;„st.41.0.;::.. -.1.1i::111.14,410:iket.";1•••1.-.: ' 'l..' ::::.11.°4• • •I''';:?:::):.::.:.:::i::::ill:::i..;::::::-.::?!: .4.0.: 1:11.'....i::.:,:iiii.:.ii;::,...•.:';',:1...."....?ii1i':.>,,,:i5tri11iiii1ki..ie.:3;4:',,,,;L:1iii?:,!•.:„.4.‘..41. ”..:711111.71101:171,.,..3,11011.1.111111111,........11:14,,:v ' 1 ... :..:.t....!......1.0.?•-n.'''.:457......! i:!::?:.:::1Z::ij.;.E.'!i1,:1f:,.:::;.i;.:11.,::!.,..;:1::p..i.::::::.:.::]:.1yiriti4W;N.xat1.r........:::::.":.:;:a1::::.::i2:,1';:.i.,:...:?:::•.:A.:":.;31:ihii4..:.:.,.i.t1'i.. ..., . ;::.i.g,•:,..;.gC;.::::',04.:-.:.:,... ~.....„.4. t.:...',..:4:.:i'i.V.,:•A'•,5•.%'.i.,x*2*. ',:.M.:'-'•'ti:-.....%:Z,PV0•;i:,W.:31:3Ai'1.X. ...:t.;:-....'*';':.:.:::g:.1:1'..4ie.•41. Kg.::MAM:N.Sig-iti ;:i:.i:::.:;::,.i.ft I ''. ......•••••••• ••••••••••••:,,,,,,:<•••.i:it3Ani::fte•:. ??..:g.:.,Z ....i.:, . ..:::...§3::: ' iv.i:V•ir.ii• - ....iftei.:',.:,.olfli%:,:latitii.,:l..„;c•,Ciiii. if ,•41::::;': .V.:4:;?::;'-'':,...-::::••.V.••;::::-:•••M.;*.k.::::',.,:::+0.*.g%A.:::10V.Iii:.::...qii.g.....cg:'&•;;N:4: W:eg."..M.Mit.:':. . Titii:,:li.i..a . .._ ::::: ./....:?4, ",...i.^. ...4 •?;:•:.: .. ;Z.': .`,..,,,,::,,,..7-:.'''',..•::':::-':'.),:::::i:i:1*: :..,;„;........-A,./...., . ..:,:..... -,..................A.. ......'. le. .....:: '':.s . '''' f :-.:: f.ii4.:.......'i*?4::...:::igi.4.•<, 'i'•:,:.'i":"..:;••:••:•c':':*:::.:•i:i4e:•• •:•1.:.:.•:1 :4.•:•,i; . .., ...x•-.•:. ..-.....,,,,....:.:4,...: ~,......:,::::::::, , ii:;,....'''..::;.':•'i':::;*:',41.%-**”..S.,.;''''''''i.' " ",•'''''''''. '.....',...:..72'.....ii:::•??..1: ;'•::, . ".g. • .A. ' ::•i:;:f.....,..,Ai.:::.,:i:ie,ioi,Kfi:iiWiAti:';:::Kilkik:.:::::::::*::iktillgf.A::;:f::::Ottf.,*,,:i;i::::•::i,§o:::::l,%::: •.. • -•:'2.§:".,,,,,•::::.::•:7:: .• •• ...: 0.. ~...• •:•,.....:::,-...........: ..:•:::,,,,,5,M:,,,.." 4•:•......,,,,,,,,,,,,,:•.::',,,,,103,X.,x,&:::%M.:‘,5. :".';'..o, • ::,,......k..., . •:,cf+5.:,....M.:, ...., ',,;:'.:,::.•••••••••::: ''' ' ' ''''' '''' ' 'v..... .. /• •••••••::::*. . •:::,•::.:.:•.::::•:::::,:•::*::,:k.:.::::::?:::::::tif0.4e,,,,,,,5,. .....:„. ~..:..4,::::,,,:::„::::,.....:„::.:.,,:::*i:1,::::.3.),...„6:::::::.:,:...:,.4..:."6,,,,,. Oi::::::i:::•i: : :.. ..: . ..,..,., ..... ..,: : . : .0, ..,::::',.• 0 :,:••• :• • ' .....,;',„,, : • ~,.%•,:v. :::.....,1,,,,:*•::iww,,,,,g,g*:,,,,•,,m,,,,,,,,,,, r„:::,,,:.:,x,,,,..,..........,:::::.:,:,,...,,,.:„:„,:::.,.:.,:.„0:, ~::,,,..:::::,:i,:,. •i,"••••.;:-.:4•'•'.:•:::::::'::::::•*:*;:i'iV:.:::R.:::::-:'::::::.V:::*:•::k:*::K%'•::::::fte:•.•?'":3i**Og,4:i.i:'::,•:::::•:.:::4:-**:•;i::4::::;,::::::::**K:M:::'?•,:b:4,::-:::.:::i*:'.*."*::::i:::•]*?•i::::;:i:i1M.::::•.:::.:•:4- '.:,:`,.1::•;:i •••••)':,?... •0i'...? '''.,,i:i:i•.:*.:*::1:&.'0,::•.K:i..::::::ii:;•••.:.::!•::4).20::. ,:!;:.:":1:•.,' itViis,:.*::g.,..**4.X:i*::F..:,•; ::':::':1:•;*:....i:'1":..:...":?::1:•..C1.1.1:::::"';I:.:::I':;:.4'.:;::;:i1::1:51'11.1.1.:':::::::1-'fi:••••::2:a::.*::'..;;:1::::•::"!:5,:5:7I.,<$.1..t..;:::::::::::::::::.+:-:::t.:Cs.:7',.:"..;'T?..,:-.:,:!:.:12:;:.,::::,,:::i:;:,....:::.::ii:::.I.1•: : :•":.::'..,:1: ...._,*1:.!..1i.:., :„ ,'..:::013)-:$,*:•:„.1.:::: ••••.÷:::1„:1::::1:1E",...:::::-,-.!-Ile:,::::;-.!4".194:•:,:?..:4)kl ...1:!,4..!•:„:.„ '......,:t:-::: : •. ,:*,:, ,-:::::::.x..:!:!.1.t.:::::;:'::.,:.::".. ,;..;::.:.::,::,:::::,,1.:,:t.:,....:: ::,..1,,,,..,...?.,,e,...0; . :;`":.l4***/;phite:11:::•01ti:::;'.:$:(i:4;/' - .>,:. :-.:.:::::-.*:::::,..,%:;!:„.:2:1:::r.:.;:' tk:-::-%:Wi:.:.MK:::::::::ilg.A.::0=:.:::::::::.:M•::§4.:::::::-0:-::IN:Wi:::i...,s?.:fg.W.41:','''f::.-:':.*:ii.a.,:-;':::::.,1U:g.,;4,4,0V.)2.:::,W?;:i:-4-07PN::3:04. ::§ii::-..:.: .:14,:AiiiMaii.:„:::- ::r.- <-:.: .::',:'::::':: .. 4....t4::;;:::M.:!..V:ii::00;Mi'Mb:;.•:::i..),..,:•,,,.:::,••••:-:•,;.:.„„„;•:.,„:,•,,f.:if:.t...:.•::... i,.....,::::z.•,.:„iA.,,k.„:,..;:..4.,.......0......::;,..::::;1..z..1.:.0.x.;;:avi..0.0,41,,,etiv:ix. .1:::; . .:...e:.,:::ze ..:Am i,....... .4,..41.ii,v.:::. E • 0,..,::::F6ft li,:fi. :',Z ~.....:*„" - ..,:-.,.. e.t:'+4,t. - ...,:,,....,,'...,,ii;:,::i:4(..k41,..:::i.„,:-••:,:•,..:•:••• :....,..,....i.6:4:-..:-... :.:..:.:in•;;‘,o-,i;.0:ti:...:.::,::-.111roi,:::::,..1"-4:::,..,.. •.:.;.:- - ...f.: - ,:.-. : . ...;:i..,....p; . :.i, • ~....4.m...;..;.g.:,/,:::::::::.1...r...:T0m...:.max::,:gi..m,:.i..41.21::.: ..0:1 .-mimii::,..,;:mo: .....:::::•:.-0...,..,...ik: ...; .1, .......:16',;.,i,,,,,•.:Ax5.:•*; .:::::::::e::::,:f4f:::....s,:ii'''',it'..... > i:-W4...*P.1. Mar:Rig.i.M.m.4.45.,:...i:::-..-.•:-.1•:ii::......i.:?,5?..ers•:i-:*.:::ii:.-•:.q.::::i:-.- ....::ii::,::::.:.:ie,...::... ......c:i.,::::.:,:,...:.: ,•, .: , .../...„ ....:. ~...,....... ..z. ~ a....1....5,3.......„.m.„,..,....:4„.:.t .k,,:...amit:. :.,...,,m20,,,.i....,............ii,..:...,.;,..i0...,:.....v,,,:,.. , -- •. • .A.,-,:-....A....:.:...;.....,.....,.... ~..„...... . . , •...........--.:':-.:A.....-:.7..-:.-"•;-'1':'...:::..:r".....0:......'"-rn.:-:•;.:':''....';;`::''',....:tv...:"::::;::;::';''''''....; . ----$:;.:::-.:-..-,..-:' :-4.,......-4,,.........,,,,......,,.....,.....,...:. - .. : ~......-. . . , .: •‘,... % ......... -' . ~..-.,....:,::.:,,i:....,,•#: .. :•:-.::::;;;.-..:.i...:-:;::....:::-:;;;;;:.i:-:.:::::',:w.:......:....:;:..,...,-a:A,;:i...;.::::,:::.:..,:..-.N:,?.:,i:.g!,..:;.,..,,;:.%,.:;..........:...,....„,.& A ....!..:".. . '',::::t*, -..-:. - i."-:isi•''''*-..:--'":!::::::*::-' ••••• ..:':•• ::::::-.: . :<*.:.:"*-v•ni:i*.o.,esiNi 'zi..:M::: ::i.'.::::. ...:ti*i%-.:?A,ii:K,:i':::.,.:-::::...,Ki:,lii::::.,t,inKii, ......-:.. . . -,,,,,-..::.:: ..:::: -.-.. . ~:7.:',-;:. - ..,....,•,.,,,,:k:2ii.:::::::,::;:iiN:•*.i,g,:4,,fg...4:::-:::.2,:ti-,-,m:1E:.:ww..„.....,*:::::,,V.a0t,m,.... • ,-..::,,itg.x::;?.......:::,.?...:.. ..?... , tze?'''.:'''.,,.:A.::- W,,,,,:iV-1:*::;::::,:;',;,:,.40-.iiii.:',4.7:..:.:::'.•.':',...:ii::,,, ':.,.i..:1:' :Rig, :::o!:;•W:i:::::M.iiiii:Ai"*.nii:?.:iiME:.:;::,:...':..,•-;:: ..;.;.=•::::.:.„:.iii-:i-::::,:::::•::?,.......:5:..:,...„:..c?,..,?.a.i1.3w;,;-,.:,?:r6w....Aw.,,:maife.:7:„Am41,;:.:,-,-,:.::::::,:t;:voiv,,M..,,-,,.. - 44::.. ~...........::::.::„.....:::.:.5....:44, :::..::',.:;.:::.::::'..J.-.,„. ~..,;,-;:i.:::;:.•:':':".:'::.:-Ivki4.::;.::.."::::;i?i:::':' ••••':'....i:.;:i•-:-.:'..cr:::'"':-....:'*::::::':''''''.l4, ...!•::::.:.:T.:.:.'' ' .:.:';:i'e;,,,," ,''•:'•'''''':-:*:. .;;M:::.:aiig:.3:::::::.Wiii::::;':4, ii::.:::i'..1:7:.•:, : ' :':.i:;‘',::::......"::',.',. ,n: :,;,',;,;.,1;?Y;:.*::: i:Kftini•:::::.::::,i,,i:,0%::::..1:.:.• 4L,:::,...;F:5:-.:.::,..::;':.:14::ii:.:-:iii.:-..;:,,,-:,....,...sg-.-.:.,......,....s:cifj:xiN.,.s...:,•::.:, : :,?,:„-:,.. 4f,,,,,m;;;;;;:,:-..;.;:;.:::',::-.:..- ..--,....;:,•::::.,,,,..„.,...-„,:. ; -:-.:....,1,•i5::A*:;: „;:i::ii::::'ii;E:,,,,':::::?...,:-..:::',' ::::U":4ogii:;iiii,M.:?...t:iiii:W..t.i:::* . : ,E,:,•:.::.:-.:,:-;:.:,:aii...,......:::::-:: . . ...: + :',., • :;:-.,::„...-::::+1-:.i::::-.-::...;..„:,(:,..::-....:.::,:-.: -,mk.,...,i:::ii.z:::i::-..:.:::::,..,:,.:::.:i:::4i:.,-:. v....,...•.. :::;.....::::,,,:•:....::.::::.%::,:::•:::•;..0:1,i4r..-A.,...:,::;.-tis:smlf.tia:Mie..?..44. ~,._';;;•-,........,.::::::.-:..A...,, ..,144.S.":.*.:.*.„,:%:;:::::4:::::%:::,::::A:k:-::::-: %-v:::::,•:::::::":::::••••:,........,• .. ...::::::,::' • m.s:.::"..:.'::::::-..-:'-::.:'i :.-. ~„,:fk:•-•:: ~..:,:: :.::::....:.:7,- -,K;;;;;;.:,,,,,,,,,, .:.-,v.„,. • • .......... ..,,,,,,,,,,::n.,,,,,,,,,.....,,,,::...,,,:.„ag,,:/.........„,,,,,,,..:. .:,.,..;..4........ . ...„.. ..,. ......:.:,...........„:::.K:.... i ~ .).... 7:.....;,...v......,:_.1„.....,........ .7.... ..:.:.i.,.,:,,,,.:.....:..,.„ ,•,...,„......„:...,:...„..„...„...:.,::::p.F...-:,:.,„.:::„1:131.,:t. *..„. 4,...:.:,,,,.....1 f:'......„..:-.•:•....--.....,.,...-...:—.:.—„,,,,,,,,,:K:::., „,.*::......„..:::::.: .:•:, ........,.......- ::::..::..z... ~..„ • • , . .: ..:...:,.,4::!:,.::.•:,...:...::::::-........,.....,:;:::::,::::::......•.4„:„.„.„....:::::::,,,:„,m,„,...,,..:::.., 7_0.. ~..,,..,.., •• • ~..-..........,„,........,..::.:,..„.:,....4,:x...,,..:*:...„ ....,. ~, . ..... ...,...... ~.......„„......,..„ ..:„.....:„„. ~ , ..„§......:.:...:-, , ~.,:...i...;....:::r,.....,:..,...„:....i.t:.,...„.... ..„.:....,,..1?..2...,;:.:L:wm.„.0........:::,..,..4. , , .m P.,::,-.:...:.$::::•:::::r•-•-' -.i*:-::f::msNI::::-.i:.wivmt:•.*,:::....-....:- ..•.:-. ~.,-----. "• .. :;:•::,-.•:....:.t.iK,:;::,,,,:•;:,..,.„...1.*0.0e...:-.....p.,.:,..,,N.::,,„:„.-:...........?::.v.:,,i4.....N....... ~ . ~....-....: .......::::...:..:•:,..:,*:,41.A.a,=:4,..... ...-t::,..,....:..:„:„.:.w.,..::!..7.,?..4.:,„:„,,,..,....:..440.1.A.;...„1,,:,....:..4,41./. .„ ..,,i.,:..,.1,._.,„........;.., ...:.:,..,:.,.., .:,:._...,....._.:„..,.....:„....4:......::::„:........„ ...:•.::::...:'•••••:.'..''':,5:.:•:37::::-::::•••:'::ii:;:.....-.i,....,..:::::::::.*':::::•.:•:::„,-.:,*:.:...... - . -..x. ....4::..:,.--.0.:::,..W.:•.... '.r::t.'"...::?:,,::,::.::!'":-.;;;....]..:i-,.:.;:.if.. •••.........*.:%:...*.:-$•;::,:.?:m:...., .05,,,:5„ .e7.4.:i"," -:•-' -.". 7 ....-:::!:**::.:Ii:t.r ....:;::,::::",-. :-;,,,,,-,,,:.7...,,...--....'..:....t.,..:;;.:;.:,:*.:.*:07:. ........;',.:......x.§:m.F..,,,:;.:y.74::....,:x,...,:.:1,.,:g.i.* ~ ..............,,,,,............: • ..., -.., . _

===== 0002601_19091023_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
POOR LAW REFORM.

Lecture at the Adult School.

"Some account of the Poor Law Commission reports, 1909," was the subject of a lecture delivered at the Warrington Adult School on Thursday evening by Mr. J. C. Radley, of Manchester. There was a fair attendance, Mr. A. J. Jolley presiding. The CHAIRMAN said he was afraid there had not been as deep interest shown in the reports of the Commis- sion as might have been desired and it was as yet very uncertain whether we were likely to have legislation dealing with the problems that were partially dealt with in the reports, at an early date. The reports really were the outcome of a somewhat vague feeling of dissatisfaction with the existing administration and condition of the Poor Law which had been growing in recent years. Having traced the history of the Poor Law system Mr. Jolley. said that the evils that were generated partly by lax administration and partly. by. legislative defects were so serious at the beginning of the nineteenth century that they absolutely threatened the vitality of the nation. The 1834 Act, whatever might be its drawbacks, was a bold attempt to deal on sound scientific lines with the tremendous problem of poverty. It would be quite easy to offer a very strong and satisfactory .defence of the Poor Law and of its administration, so far as the more progressive parts of the country were concerned, but there had been a great lack of uniformity. Many unions had been sadly behind the times and the defects of are adminis- tration in those areas had more or less cast a slur on the administration of tho Poor Law all over the Country. There were, however, many unions in which the administration had been thoroughly good and sound and where honest attempts had been made to combine efficiency with economy, securing the kindest' possible treatment of the deserving aged poor, and the best treatment for the young. Mr. Radley said that.as the result of the Commis- sion we had at last got a text book to the social question. At the present time there were more paupers than there were twenty or thirty years ago by about half a million—a surprising and disappointing result in view of the fact that we spent £14,000,000 a year on the Poor Lair, and £20,000,000 on education, that wages seemed definitely proved to have risen in actual money value and still more in purchasing power, and that thrift amon* the people seemed to be on the increase. It might roughly be said that up to now the problem of preventing pauperism had hardly begun to be seriously dealt with. In the majority and minority reports of the Commission the average methods of the average Board of Guardians had come in for very drastic censure and, in the words of the minority report, the Poor Law as at pre- sent administered was as a system " intellectually bankrupt." In the opinion of both reports the Poor Law was at the end of its tether. The speaker then dealt exhaustively with the recommendation of both reports. Both suggested that Boards of Guardians should be superseded, but while the majority report suggested the formation of new authorities for t Poor Law work the minosity report recommended the utilization of existing County. Councils and public authorities, the various classes of poor to be dealt with by different committees. The scheme outlined in the minority report was a national one, and the appointment of a Minister for Labour was recommended The Chairman contended that a 16t of the evils were not remediable by legisldtion. The case was one against human nature quite as much as against the Poor Law.

The discussion was taken part in by Messrs. W. Nightingale, J. Morton, G. Walker and W. U. Sherburn, and a • vote of thanks was passed to the lecturer and the chairman.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
SHEERNESS SAVED!

The attempts by torpedo boats to enter Sheerness Harbour unperceived during the night failed, the vessels being discovered by the troops mobilised on the land defences. The Territorials assisted the Regulars.

===== 0002601_19091023_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
"TENNYSON : HIS ART AND PERSONALITY.'7

The Rev. W.L. Schroeder, M.A., delivered the first' of a course of six University Extension lectures en " Tennyson : His art and personality" in the Assembly' Room, Conservative Club,, on Wednesday evening' ' Those who heard Mr. Schroeder's delightful lecture on Charles Lamb several years ago anticipate a treat in the present course and, if the first lecture mai be taken as a criterion, they will not be disappointen It was gratifying to see such a large attendance' Canon Stevenson, who presided, briefly introduced the lecturer. The Rev. W. L. SCIIROEDER said the supreme function of the poet was in the imaginative interpreta- tion of experience. It was his glorious office t° present in artistic guise the deeper meanings of eslffsf" ence. The real and the ideal with him were one. J'ae saw about the things of life the. glory of a higilet; world. Tennyson was indeed one of the masters his craft. The excellence of his metrical skill, tne unquestioned music of his verse yielded a haunting sweetness that entranced the ear and subdued the questioning mind. Tracing Tennyson's career, t,ne lecturer pointed out that from boyhood he had Oh! sense that he was a poet, and the feeling that he tans' cultivate his gift and se it worthily was an ever" abiding feature of his thought. Although some of 111 earliest attempts at verse contained crudities cn' thought and expression, they showed unmistakable genius for rhythm and verbal melody. When he 109 about seventeen years of age he and his .brothet,r Charles issued the "poems by two brothers" Tennyson was wont to refer to afterwards as" rot." Dealing with Tennyson's career at Cambridgef the lecturer said he achieved little in the Avg ° academic honours. The studies of the Universityr were to him uninteresting and so much matter of fact' The outstanding feature of this period of his life Noe his beautiful friendship with Arthur Henry Hallnra,i which was characterised by depth and tenderness an't spiritual strength. The death of Hallam was a gro blow to Tennyson aud he had enshrined his cora- panion's memory in the imperishable verse of 111 Memoriam." After a period of despondency an,,' grief he gave himself to hard and strenuous war' Perpetual idleness, he used to say, must be one of the' punishments of hell. Political and social probleras interested Tennyson and drew from him a pceti°f response. Physically as well as mentally he was ° commanding nature. He looked a poet and his looks did not belie him. From his whole being- there streamed a subtle fragrance rerninis- cent of high thought, poetic musing, strenuous aspiration and spiritual coihmunion. Other features of Tennyspn's life which the lecture' dwelt upon were his remarkable tran9e4ile seizures, his abiding friendship with the Brow-nit and Edward Fitzgerald, and his ideal home life. e acted up to his own favourite counsel " make the liwe of children as beautiful and as happy as possible., The lecturer referred to the late Queen Victoria:. admiration for Tennyson and mentioned that she to',, the poet that next to the Bible "In Memoriam was her comfort in her bereavement. Tenili- , son's intercourse with Gladstone was of the pleasantest kind, despite differences of politics - The lecturer referred to Tennyson's elevation to the peerage, to Carlyle's deep regard for him, to his love of outdoor life and sympathy with the lower creatioll, and to his closing days and death in 1899. In On' elusion he said it would be difficult to over-estimate the charm of the personality of such a man as Teanc son. Loveable, sensitive to' kindness,appreciative all his friends were ever ready to do, this great soul lived in and by love. It was our great thought that the work which made the closest appeal to 013-1. affections and sympathies' was just that which care out of the passionate devotion of his love to the memory of Arthur Henry Hallam. The other five lectures of the course will be delivered on the following dates : —October 20th and 27t4 November 3rd, 10th, 17th and 24th. _

===== 0002601_19091023_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
MARRIAGES.

FAIRcLouGH—OwEs.—On the 16th inst. at St. Matthews Church Stratton by the Rec. Hon. C.F. Cross, Vicar, and, the Rev. E. B• Tarbuck, Vicar of St. George's Altrincham, Lionel son of the late James Fairclough, of Gatesfortht Latchford, and Ruth, youngest daughter of Willis Owen of Burfield Appleton. At home Si Bold street:, Warrington, November 9th,loth and 11th.

Warrington.—Printed and published by SOHN WALSIP & CO., (Warrington) Ltd., at The Examine; General Printing Works, Bewsey-street, 6110 published tly them at the same place, and 81" at The Efaminer Offices, Viotons-rose, Virota 32, George-street, ST. HELENE: 3, Market Stree,ste. EARLESTOWN; Churoh-street RUNCORN Oct. 23rd, 18v

WOO AW v Div ADM

Morn Aft Ev SPEC

TO. AT IC 6-30, Servi

Wl' Peal NE: fo11( For

Fit great LYb the

pl witu Dc op er

In ANI VOL THE

0: to ci the TuE

===== 0002601_19091023_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
!WHEATLEY KIRK. PRICE & co. Manchester, London & Newcastle-on-Tyne, Hay . confined themselves exclusively to. ant are experts in conducting Saids bu Public Auction OF ENCIPS.ERING WORKS & PLANT. 16, Albert Square, Manchester.

WYCLIFFE CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW, (SuNDAy), OCTOBER 24TH, 1909.. 'lO-30 AND 640. PREACHER: REV. J. YONGE. P.S.A. FOR MEN AT 3 P.M. BOLD STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH, WARRINGTON. ' TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), OCTOBER 24TH. Morning 10.30. REV. F..WALWYN KERNICK. Evening 6.30. REV. THOMAS GLADDING. All -welcome. -Hymn Books provided. BEWSEY ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), OCTOBER 24TH. Morning 10.30. REV. JllOliN GUNNELL. • Evening 6.30. MR. J. UPSON. All welcome. Hymn Books provided. BAPTIST CHURCH, GOLBORNE STREET TO-MORROW (SUNDAY); OCTOBER 24TH. • MISSIONARY- SERVICES.. Morning 10.45 REN. R. B. LETHEREN. ' 'Evening 6.30: REV. THOMAS WATSON (India). Collections in Aid of Baptist Missionary Society.. Afternoon 3.0; BROTHERHOOD MEETING. LATCHFORD BAPTIST CHURCH., SUNDAY. OCTOBER 24TH, • Moming, 10.30.- REV. T. WATSON (India.) Evening, 6.30. MR. W. W. DREWITT. Collections on behalf of Baptist Missionary Society. BAPTIST CHURCH, GOLBORNE STREET. SALE •OF WORK. - IN THE SCHOOLROOM, THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY, OCTOBER 28, 29 AND 30. SALE TO BE OPENED ON THURSDAY AT 3 P.M, BY J. W. SCHOLEFIELD, ESQ., J.P. LECTURE and CONCERTS EACa EVENING in the Chapel at 7 30 p.m.—(See Notices). ADMISSION 3d. and 6d. or for 3 nights is. POPULAR CONCERT BOLD ST., SCHOOL- ROOM, TO-NIGHT AT 730. ARTISTES :—MISS ETHEL PARR, MISS ANNIE FOSTER; MR. J. GLEAVE, MR. R. TRANTER hnd MR. WILLIAM MILNE (Entertainer.) ADMISSION ONE PENNY, GALLERY TWOPENCE. Ay AR 1:, GOIXTBEIMIN 3 CIRCLE.ocLoeK SPEAKER: MISS PARKER-BROWN. • SOLOIST: Miss LINA PLINSTON.

PALACE AND HIPPODROME. PROPRIETOR: MR. FRANK MACNAGLITEN, MANAGER: MR. ERIC LOXGDEN. A FIRST CLASS VAUDEVILLE ENTERTAINMENT. FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS COME AND WITNESS. 7 knd 9.—EVERY EVENING.-7 and 9. TTAIRCOMBINGS I made up 2/- per oz I_l_ COVERLET rE I TAILS OF FROM HAIR FRAMES, I PURE 5/6 FROM 3[6 EACH. HAIR. T. S. BROWN, 3, LEECE ST. (CAR STATION), LIVERPOOL. USE OUR PLATES.—HALF-PLATES is. 4d., Quarter-plates 70., per. doz. P.O.P. or GlNS- light Post-cards 100 is. 4Ad. Mounts, backgrounds Scc. Samples free.—Works, JULY RD., LIVERPOOL. WILLIAM COOKE, F.R.C.O. PROFESSOR OF MUSIC. ORGAN LESSONS AT LYMM PARISH CHURCH. PIANOFORTE LESSONS at Pupils Residence or at 121, CHURCH STREET, RUNtORN AND BROOKFIELD VILLAS, LYMNI. WARRINGTON GARDEN SUBURBS, LIMITED. SPLENDID BUILDING SITES at GRAPPENHALL and GREAT SANKEY. Special advantages; moderate ground rents.—Apply to the Secretary, ARTHUR BENNETT, Chartered Accountant, Market Gate Chambers, Warrington.

MUNICIPAL ELECTION, NOVEMBER IsT, 1909 TO THE ELECTORS OF WHITECR OS WARD. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, After seven and a half years' service as your repre- sensative on • the Town Council, my father has reluctantly decided, through ill-health, not ,to seek re-election. I have been asked by the Liberal Ward Committee and numerous ratepayers to of!er myself as a candidate in his stead at the forthcoming election, and 1 have acceded to the request. In asking for your support I can assure you of my desire to SERVE you to the BEST of MY ABILITY. For 22 yeard I have been a resident in the WARD, and claim to know its requirements. Progress has been made in the making of streets and back passages, but much remains to be done, and, if elected, I shall press forward this work. lam in favour of the ACQUISITION of the SITE in LOVELY LANE for the provision of an OPEN SPACE for RECREATION PURPOSES and SCHOOL. Trusting to receive your support on November Ist next, I remain, Yours faithfully,AMES T. BARTON. Sunnymead, Lovely Lane.

WHY PAY LOCAL HIGH PRICES, when you have the BEST QUALITY MEAT at WHOLESALE RATES? Wing Ribs and Sirloins 70. per lb.; Top- side, Silverside, 7id. per lb. ; Grass-fed Lamb, hind- quarters, 7d. per lb.; forequarters, sd. per lb. Carriage paid for P.O. WILLIAMS MEAT CO., 328, CENTRAL MEAT MARKET, LONDON, E.C.

INCOME TAX. If you want Reliable Assistance or Advice about your INCOME TAX ASSESSMENT call upon or write JOSEPH DIXON,' F.A.A., MOOT HALL CHAMBERS, WIGAN. Income Tax Specialist.

GEORGE CLARKE IS COMING.

REPUTATION MAINTAINED FOR GOOD TEA. PRICES 2/2, 2/4, 2/6 and 2/8 per lb. THE NATIONAL TEA Co.; 16, HORSEMARKET ST., WARRINGTON. ALSO IN OTHER TOWNS. The Cheques given with the Tea may be exchanged any day for Household Goo& Equivalent to a dividend of 40 per cent. HEAD ESTABLISHMENT : 150 and 155, Friargate, Preston.

AI,,AgIBTREPBITIZEUMEgN27.72IVB* POULTRY, PIGEONS, AND APPLIANCES, -;-'YWARDS OF £l,OOO IN PRIZES. 4,850 ENTRIES. CUBATORS IN OPERATION. COME AND SEE THE CHICKENS HATCHING. FIREWORKS ON SECOND DAY. ADMISSION :—Tuesday, 2s. 6d. up to 3 p.m., after 3 r•ro. is. 6d.; Wednesday, is. Gd. up to 2 p.m., 2to 4 p.m. 8., 4 p.m. to 9.15 p.m. Is. 6d. • Thursday, is. all day. -___PRlcEs INCLUDE ADMISSION To THE GARDENS.

ittOYAL COURT THEATRE, WARRINGTON. PROPRIETOR: MR. JOSEPH BEECHAM. GMTERAL MANAGER: MR. A. M. LOADER. ACTING MANAGER: MR. NORMAN LATHA3.I. MONDAY, OCTOBER 25th 1909. Six Niahts only.— MR. BERTRAM'S LONDON COMPANY, IN HENRY ARTHUR JONES' Great Play "THE HYPOCRITES." „ boors open 6.45. Commence 7.30. Bcoking Office "Pen daily 10 to 1. 2to 3. 7.30 to 9.30. Tel. 460.

lIARRIS'S ANTI-DYSPEPTIC PILL, GUARANTEED PURE VEGETABLE (FREE FROM MINERALS). SURE CURE FOR INDIGESTION, CONSTIPATION and LIVER TROUBLES. TRY JNE Box. THEY SPEAK FOR THEMSELVES. A PRACTICAL TEST. For six penny stamps a trial box will be sent post paid. In Boxes is. 9d. and 2s. 9d. direct only from M. HARRIS, GREASBY, BIRKENHEAD.

I, ATCHFORD BAPTIST CHURCH.—TO PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.—The 4,Jecoratiog Committee of the above Church, INVITE -I•NDEEtS for DECORATING INSIDE, &o. Can be ilee„.l2 by appointment. f, Tenders to be sent to the undersigned not later than e..tober 30th, 1909. fkbe Committee do not bind themselves to accept the °West or any tender. J. R. CONWAY, Secretary. JR, Knutsford rd.

LEGAL NOTICE. JAMES TOOLE, ALLEN STREET, WARRINGTON, ESTABLISHED 1870. EFERRING TO THE NOTICE which recently appeared in the Local Press respecting James x,eole and Sons Limited, I beg to point out that this &Notice and the Transferring of tbat Business to the tiglish' Products Company Ltd., in no way concerns Ittllre. My firm, and that of James Toole and Sons Ltd., e separste and distinct, and I hope my numerous cuatomers will kindly note this. Yours faithfully, JAMES TOOLE, WHOLESALE HAIR, METAL & SKIN MERCHANT. October 22nd, 1909. Nat. Tel. 222.

GEORGE BAX & SONS, 231, SEVEN SISTERS' ROAD, LONDON, N, RELIABLE TURF ACCOUNTANTS. Credit accounts opened on approved referenees. Revised Rules, post free, on application.

HE MEDICAL INSTITUTE OF ELEC- TRICITY.—DO YOU SUFFER from Rheu- matism, Sciatica, Instimnia, Nervous Prostration, Loss of Memory, Paralysis, Deafness, Neuralgia, Stammer- ing, Pains in the Head and Back, Depression of Spirits, Dimness of Sight, Dread of Future Etents, Nervous Timidity? ALL NERVOUS and MENTAL DIS- ORDERS CURED by Dr. Fisher, U.S.A., Brain and Nerve Specialist, 263, Kensington, LIVERPOOL.. 10 to 3 and sto 8 p.m. Modern Scientific Massage and Electro.Vibro Medical Massage. Electricity. Con- sultations free.

B. CUNNINGHAM, 89, WIIsTWICK RD., %ARRINGTON (Telephone 17). BREWER'S AGENT AND BOTTLER OF Guinness's Stout, Bass's Pale Ale, Bass's No. 1 Strong Ale. Worthington's and Allsopp's Ales. Devonshire and Hereford Cider. Wheatley's and Mack's 119_p Bitters. Allsopp's and Jeffrey's LAGER BEER IN BOTTLE. ALSO MANUFACTURERS OF HI3H-CLASS MINERAL WATERS. A CHOICE CIGARETTE. SUDLOW'S SPECIAL SILK CUT CIGARETTES Guaranteed Hand-made from Pure Virginian Tobacco Bd. per oz., 2s. 6d. per -Vb. box. r UDLOW &CO., • 1.7 • CIGAR MERCHANTS, 15, WINWICK ST., AND 65, BUTTERMARKET ST. WARRINGTON. Tel. 414 Y.

PALATINE RINK Wilderspool Causeway. _ PIONEERS OF 'ROLLER SKATING IN WARRINGTON. LONGEST LINK WITHIN 15 MILES, 235 ft. long; 70ft. longer and 350 ft. actual more skating area than any rink in th., district. • NOTE REDUCED PRICES. -ADMISSION :—Morning Free. Afternoon and Evening, 31 per se3sion. SKATES :—Morning, Ladies 6d. Gents 61 I Afternoon, Ladies 31 Gents 61 Evening—Ladies 6d. Gents 61 No extra prices charged for Carnivals, Special Evenings, or events next week. MONDAY, OCTOBER 25TH, HOCKEY MATCH (9 to 9.20) PALATINE v. WIGAN THURSDAY. OCTOBER 28TH (7 to io), GRAND GYMKANA NIGHT. LADIES.—Egg and Spoon Race (Gold Pendant) GENTS.—Obstacle Race (Silver-mounted Umbrella) Hoop Race (Book of Tickets). Potato-gathering Race. Musical Chairs. - Entries Free. No competitor to win more than one prize. THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 4TH, SPECIAL EVENING AND WHIST DRIVE. (Evening Dress Optional). OTHER EVENTS FIXED:— Measured Mile Championship of Lancashire. Measured Mile Championship of Warrington and District. NOVICE.—PERSONS USING OWN SKATES, CHARGE ONLY SIXPENCE.

EMPIRE ROLLER SKATING RINK, MUSEUM STREET, WARRINGTON. MONDAY NEx r, OCTOBER 25TH GRAND HOCKEY MATCH 9-9-30. WALLASEY H.C. VERSUS EMPIRE H.C. THURSDAY NEXT, OCTOBER 28TH; 1902, 7.0 TO 10.0. ADMISSION CD.,' SKATES 6D. CARNIVAL-FANCY DRESS, SEASIDE, CHARACTER AND COI%EDY. • VALUABLE PRIZES GIVEN. ON VIEW AT THE RINK DURING WEEK. PRIZES FOR BEST DRESS, ONE EACH LADY AND GENT. PRIZES FOR MOST HUMOROUS, ALSO MOST UP-TO-DATE CHARACTER, LADY OR GENTLEMEN. OPEN TO RESIDENTS WITHIN A RADIUS OF SEVEN MILES. LOCAL JUDGES TO DECIDE. NO EXTRA ADMISSION. FIRST CLASS D. ESSING ACCOMMODATION, LOUNGE, , SMOKE ROOM, AD CAFE. WELL. VENTILATED AND ILLUMINATED. LATEST MUSIC BY ORCHESTRA.

This SEASON'S SPECIALITY The FLEECE OVERCOATINGS. Well dressing men are wearing Fleece Cloths this • season because they are stylish in appearance and make warm cosy coats and yet are light in weight. We are showing a perfect range of these really smart goods and a leading line is The STANDARD OVERCOkT r .x• in Grey Fleece or Diagonal 2 lOS. A line of Special Value—lined high quality Italian clothlor Wool:check—stylishly fitted—excellently tailored—finished with Silk Velvet Collar. BOYDELL BROS., Tailors, 43, BRIDGE ST., Warrington.

FOR GONODD A GENUINE IRONMONGERY at reasonable prices, go to H. N. HOUGHTON, 33, BRIDGE STREET, Warrington.. Telephone 385 x. - Established over 100 years.

ROBERT WOOD. TAILOR AND COSTUMIER, AUTUMN GOODS NOW SHOWING FOR GENTS AND LADIES. STYLISH TAILORING. Reasonable Prices. A LARGE STOCK OF PEERLESS RAINCOATS, Is ALL SHAPES, READY TO WEAR FROM 255. MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON.

Xmas is coming, BUT H. E. TONGE, PHOTOGRAPHER is HERE Awaiting your commands for Portraying either the " BABS," FAMILY, or RESIDENCE for Greeting Cards. Everyone knows the address— Tram Terminus, Latchford.

STEPHEN MOSS & SONS LIMITED SHOEING AND GENERAL SMITHS, ALL KIN DS OF AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, STEAM, GAS, & OIL ENGINES SUPPLIED, FIXED AND REPAIRED, ALL KINDS OF WHEELS HOOPED. HOT WATER ENGINEERS, &c. WORKS: ACADEMY . STREET, WARRINGTON

ROBERT LEWIS, THE OLDE FOX, - BUTTERMARE'T STREET, WARRINGTON. ANTIQUE FURNITURE AND CURIOS BOUGHT, SOLD, OR EXCHANGED. BEST PRICE GIVEN. DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE, The old and tried remedy that stood the test of two generations. DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CH LORO DYNE. Invaluable for C°'S, COLD; B RONCHITIS, ASTHAIA, NEURALGIA REFUSE to be put off with a SUBSTITUTE. The original can he had of ALL CHEMISTS if you show you are not weak enough to accept an imitation. COLLIS BROWNE IS THENAME; 2s. 9d., 4s. 6d. the prices. DR. J. COWS BROWNE'S C HLORODYNE.

Our , Overcoats , fill all the re- :\ - 4 qulrements as to correct style, A,* material, cut, . ,-,f,rtriyli workmanship and price. It is' only the price that varies, ac- „,,,11 it ; cording to the i .11' 1 //,'. A.! I li Yil? cost of the Al I il I, fabric, for every ,itt k 1 , garment has the t ,11, li 4, same careful at- R. ‘i tention as to fit 0 Alvk 1, 'i fr and fitness. We 4 should like you to see our new- est examples of PA tailoring, .1.->--.4•-- _ _. 't, ,:kil) If you are thinking about buying a new Overcoat, or a suit in fact, it will well repay you to visit us. Tailoring to us is a new departure, but our reputation for selling the best quality Men's Wear is unrivalled. OVERCOATS - - - from 21 '- SUITS to measure - - from 25 6 J. Banks, Gents' Outfitter, 62 Horsemarket street, Warrington.

41 GOLDEN FLEEeE" MPiRGARINE Is just as far ahead of all other Butter - Substitutes as the present day Flying Machine is ahead of the old time Balloon. - ALL GROCERS OF REPUTE SELL "GOLDEN FLEECE" MARGARINE per Bd. pound Or 1-2 pounds for a 1/...

PIONEER PIONEER Stores, BEST VALUE IN THE KINGDOM. PIONEER Terms, Popular Furnishing Stores,PIONEER S ock CASH OR EASY IRE PA,YMENT. PI 9 to 19 BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. FINEST OUT OF LONDON. CALL AND INSPECT THE SPLENDID STOCK. PIONEER Catalogue, All purchases over 40s. delivered free, to any A LARGE ILLUSTRATED FURNISH- Railway station Great Britian. ING GUIDE, 124 PAGES, POST FREE

Fazenda*- Pure Coffee From SAN PAULO (Brazil) Every Tin bearing the Official Seal and Guarantee of Purity. PURE Coffee stands apart from all other Coffees, possessing virtues and beneficial properties unique and unexcelled. PURE Coffee is one of the first aids to health, because it ensures the thorough digestion and assimila- tion of food. Sd per fib tin

114-a&rs to JIM. the King. there are many cocoas, but only Rolvntree's Elect has the . . 4 ..,.. -3, Zi- ~-; • i:C., rt. :",,,:i' rs.t t ' . ',of: ~,,:, • - .T. .." -; 1 , -..:3 :o,' .g: ''''','•i '1:,- t 1 - - • : ; _ • • ' & .t.:; If: F .., „... . :..mi,._.,_:.....,.. It is delicious!

RYLANDS RECS 2ND V. EARLESTOWN. Rylands played Earlestown ID a friendly match on the ground of the latter last Saturday, Result: Rylands Recs 1 try 1 goal ; Earlestown 1 try. Rylands will play Stockton Heath on the ground of the former to-day (Saturday.) Mr. J. Delaney, 11, Hume-street, Warrington will be pleased to communicate with secretarys of local clubs with a view to filling up dates.

ROW LAND'S MACASSAR OIL FOR THE HAIR. Preserves, Beautifies, Restores it. Pro- vides the necessary nourishment for it, and without it the hair becomes dry, thin, and withered. Bolden colour for fair hair. 36, 7/-, io/6. Of Stores, Chemists, and ROWLAND'S, 67, Hatton Darden, London.

Aiabout PATENTS" 1 3 OJ :HI CN 1.13 G pT i w oll: st of rN eesfr cotn o Chartered Patent Agents, 55, Market St., Manchester.

sANTAz MI Di

These tiny Capsules relieve Kidney and Bladder Trouble promptly and cure in forty-eight hours. Each Capsule bears' the name " Midy." Sold by all Chemists, or post free 3s. 6d., from WILCOX & CO. 49, HAYMARKET, LONDON, W

HUNTER'S FURNITURE Call & see our Model House Dioo Furnished COMPLETE for al J. HUNTER & CO , 16,18, & 28, St. Mary's Parsonage. Deansgate. /WINCHESTER. Estab. 1879

DANYRZ VIRUS Is not a Poison, but DESTROYS R Ts 4 • ICE Harmless to Rumen Being.. Domestic & other Animals, &O. Single Tube. 2/.; Three Tubos, 5/.; Post Free from— DANYSZ VIRUS, Ltd., Box 292 82, Letdcrthall Strcct, London, E.C., and of all Chemists.

LADIES. REMEMBER that for PitESERVING 41‘. IMPROVING your SKIN and COMPLEXION, there is nothing to equal BEETHAM'S

CC 06, Regff C 14,1)

It entirely removes and prevents all ROUGHNESS, REDNESS, HEAT, IRRITATION, ETO., and keeps THE SKIN Soft, Smooth & White, ALL THE YEAR ROUND. Bottles is., 2s. 6d. of all Chemists &Stores. M. Beetham C Son, Cheltenham.

The ..,,..f,fe 1 to Good Coffee ill , ' 10-1-1.°1777. - - is SYM I NGTON9 S Coffee Essence No other-ts—sencet-an make such a delicious V- refreshing" beverage' _

E N (3) Liahtning .5 • COUGH CURE The purest and surest remedy obtainable for ACUTE COLDS INFLUENZA CHRONIC COUGHS WHOOPING COUGH BRONCHITIS NASAL CATARRH CHRONIC ASTHMA WEAK •LUNGS • ALTIZRT Sxtru, ESQ., M.S.B.Sc., the celebrated London analyst. says :—”Vimo's LtonnsiNG COMM CURE 19 composed of pure ingredients, and is a most excellent remedy for bronchitis, asthma, and all lung affections." • Price Did., 1/1f and 2/9, of all Chemists.

THE EXAMINER Series OF WEEK-END NEWSPAPERS COMPRISES:— FP H E WARRINGTON EXAMINER 1 published every- Saturday morning. The principal and the oldest weekly paper for War- rington, Stockton Heath, Penketh, inwick, Padgate Lymm, Scc., being one of the'largest and best weekly ' papers in Lancashire and Cheshire. The district covered by this paper comprises a large trading and agricultural tract in South Lancashire and Mid- Cheshire. THE RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning. It is the best weekly paper in Town and district, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. THE WIDNES EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning. Widnes contains the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. THE EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, published every Sdturday morning. The largest local paper containing the news of Earlestown, Newton-le-Willows, Golborne, Haydock, Lowton. arc The district thus comprised is a most important part of the Lancashire coalfields. HE ST. HELENS EXAMINER, published every i Saturday morning, circulating n St. Helens, Prescot, Parr, Sutton, Peasley Cross, &c.—the centre of the glass, chemical and watch trades of the Kingdom. PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. APARTMENTS WANTED.HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. ARTICLES FOUND. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. MISCELLANEOUS SALES. One Three Six Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 16 ... 6d. ... is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. ... 3s. 9d. 24 ... 9d. ... is. 10d. ... 3s. Od. ... ss. Od. 32 ... is. Od. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. is. 6d. 40 ... is. 3d. ... 3s. id. ... ss. Od. Bs. 9d. 48 .... Is. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6s. Od. ... 10s. Od.

A BSOLLJTELY FREE! Watches and Fountain 1-1 Pens. Particulars.—TßMPLE, 9, Church Passage, Chancery Lane, London.

A SURE INVESTMENT.—TaIking Machine end 111.- Record Business; main street. Incoming £3OO- - "Timm," 4, Cross Keys, Magdalene st. Cambridge.

ARMY BLUCHERS.-4,000 pairs Sewn Bluchers, best leather, any size, post free, ss. 6d.; cash returned if not approved of.—H. J. GAssoN,Govern- meet Contractor, Rye.

AB.C. Armstrongs British Comet fitted with 6 • triple steels, 3 in 1, 6 Coilspring Steels and double busk, practically unbreakable, 2s. 6d. post paid. —ARMSTRONGS CORSRT WAREHOUSE, Falkrrk.

• AFTER-DINNER TRICKS ;collected by a com- mercial traveller; very clever and smart; work- ing models included; will make you popular and interesting; no skill required ; complete set Is. post free.—T. GREENWOOD, 92, Gt. Portland at., London.

A USTRALIAN OPAL—An assorted sample packet Ilk of this beautiful Australian gem-stone, contain- ing one dozen matrix Opal specimens in the rough, and few cut stones, showing bright red, blue, and green colours, sent, postage paid, direct from Australia to any English address upon receipt of money order for 255. Larger packets, better quality, 50s. upwards. Small collections matrix Opal and Turquoise specimens for collectors 105.6 d. 21s. Good value given. Write for price list Australian stones.—NORMAN SEWARD, Opal Merchant, 459 Bourke at., Melborne, Australis.

BARGAIN ! ss. only. Best half-guinea gold fountain pen made; money returned if not approved.— SHORTHAND SUPPLY, 12. Cherry at., Birmingham.

BUY CHINA direct and sate the middlemen's profits. Tea, Dinner, Toilet, Trinket, and my special x set of Gold Lustre Jugs, 215.; all handsomely decorated; packed free and satisfaction guaranteed. No rubbish sent. Send for list •, cheapest in trade:— BEEHIVE WORKS, Normacot rd., Longton, Staffs.

ErY BOOTS by POST. A large Stock of Ladies' and Gents' Box Calf, comfortable fitting Boots, my price, Ladies' Gs. lid., Gents' 7s. lid., postage threepence extra' worth double, money refunded, if fit and quality not approved.--L. ATTREE, 13 Grey at., Bishop Auckland.

BOOKS purchased, large or small quantities for prompt cash ; also skating prints, frost fairs.—C. H. BIICKLAND, 139, Knighsbridge, London. S.W. BERRY'S DIAMOND SHOE POLISHING CABINET, containing pure bristle brush, large tin of black or brown waterproof boot polish (never dries up), and velvet polishing pad, post free 7d. two for ls.—W. BERRY LTD., Blacking Works, Homerton, Lou. ClGARS.—F:agrant Foreign Selected, 17s. 6d. 100; 5, is. Free.—YARA CAMPO SYNDICATE, High at., West Bromwich.

CIORSETS, Boneless, Seamless, unbreakable, ss. 6d. carriage-paid.—WILD, 143, Goldspink lane, Newcastle-on-Tyne.

CIOMPETITIONS.—Two excellent solutions for Answers," London Opinion,' or Pearson's ; P.O. 6d. and stampei envelope.—C. LENNOX, 30 Union rd., Earlswood.

COWLINE.—For sore teats and swollen udders, a certain cure. Nothing like it on the market, send Is. for large tin post paid.—SHAWYER, Chemist, Swindon, Wilts.

eIHINA & EARTHENWARE.—A clearing line, 200 ‘.l crates of Dinner sets, enamelled and gilt, each crate containing 12 sets, 26 piece rots, tuiselected ; price per crate £2 58.—LocKErr & SON, Rectory rd., Shelton, Stoke-on-Trent. Established 1880. List of other goods on application. COMPETITIONS ?—" Answers," 'Tit-Bits," "Pear- son's Weekly." Exclusive solutions that will catch the judge's eye. By a journalist. Any three, sixpence and stamped address.—CLIFFORD, 78, Abdale rd., Shepherd's Bush, London. DRAIN PIPES (Agricultural), moulded and Common Bricks, Terra Cotta, and Patent Partitions. Pamphlet on drainage post free.—JABEZ THOMPSON, Terra Cotta Works, Northwich.

MOLYNEUX, 31 Allen at., Warrington, Ladies' 11246 and Children's outfitter, print dresses, undercloth- ing at moderate prices. Children's underclothing first size 5, Ladi4 s' own materials made up. Have you tried our boots, if not, do so: Satisfaction guaranteed. Repairs neatly executed. VRINGE NETS, is. dozen post free.—J. BECK, 51, Forest at., Forest Gate, London. pOR SALE, 6 YOUNG SWANS.—AppIy OAK BANK PRINTING Co., Ltd., Bollington, Macclesfield.

VRESH SHELLED COCKLES, will send packet post paid on receipt of P.O. 18.—JOHN THOMAS, Fisherman, Ferryside, Carmarthenshire. VAtE CREAM.—SpecialOffer of Cream, Book let and Shampoo Powder. Is. 9d., usual price 23. 9d. MADAM Isom, 139 Kensington High at., Lcndon, W. "VCRS Free.—Send your gent's left-off clothing; we .1-' will send beautiful fur necklets, muffs, itc., all colours ; thousands ladies delighted ; parcels returned if not approved; write for partics.—THE FUR (FAIR) EXCHANGE, Newton Chambers, Canon St., Birmingham. VURS, GREAT BARGAIN.—Elegant rich dark Sable Brown real Russian long Duchesse Stole, deep round shaped collar, with two beads and 10 tails' richly Satin lined, latest Parisian style also large Animal shaped, open pouched Muff, also with held and tails to match ; sacrifice 155.. worth £5; approval never worn ; unsoiIed.—GREENAWAY, 44 Linenhall st., Chester. GUARANTBED pure Honey. 71b. tins 4s. 6d. sample ‘3l- 3d., 141 b. tins Bs. Tins free, care. pald.-e-LEA VALLET APIARIES, Ware Rd., Hertford.

GENTS' Box Calf Boots 7s. 64., exceptional value.— FILLEBROOK BOOT FACTORY, 7, Leigh rd., Leston GENUINE Information.—Clentlemen requiring a few selections weekly, exclusive information, post 21i. 6d. for trial wire.—CASEBORNE, Empire Chambers, Newcastle-on-Tyne. .

CAIVEN AWAY.—A Magnificent Engtaving 'repro- duced from the original painting by the celebrated French Artist, Emile Dameron, beautifully painted by hand in Water Colours on plate paper 32 x 24 inches. Send id. stamp for this wonderful offer to DELAMERE Co.. Dept. P., 20 Bucklersbury, London, E.C.

HAND-PAINTED buttons and belts. Inexpensive, ex- quisite work. ALLEN,Northmarston,Winslow,Bucks. T_TENS.—COHEN 15, Short at. Spitaliields Market London,buys live old hens. Correspondents invited HOLLOWGROUND RAZORS, travellers samples, sensational value, is. 6d. • free.-11 Arms, 23, Ea rdley rd., Streatham.

HANDY MAN.—AII House Repaiis ; 20 years references.—T. I. L., 100 Junction Mews, Sale at., Paddington. HOSIERY Special.—For ss. 9d. post paid 6 pairs Llama Stockings or Socks, men's, women's, chil- dren's or assorted order; sample pair is. ; satisfaotion guaranteed.— Lists free from BEDOYLE MANUFACTURING CO., 10, Travis at., Manchester. .:IARVIS'S Harvest Companion, post free, 34;1. f-1 • GO(ILDM, 40, High at., Canterbury. KEEP FROM DAMP.—White India rubber Water- proof Sheets, 46in. by 42in., with brass eyelet holes, 2s. each; 7ft. by 4ft., 55.; 6fr. by aft., 55.; or any size prices in proportion; carriage paid; cash returned if not approved.—H. J. GASSON, Rye. LACES, Insertions, Fancy, Plain, and Spotted Nets at lowest prices. Send poste ird for free patterns. —F. BAILNON, Rosebery Avenue, Bridgford, Notts.

L_ ATEST NOVELTIES, spring-blade pocket knives, scissors, er.c., excellent selling line. Sample in nickel plated or oxydised case, 9d., carriage paid, pros- pectus free.—L. BARTEL, 6 Trinity Square, London. L.EGGINGS.—Smart military officer's appearance; -141 just passed out of service for other patterns • very long laced upside ;will send a pair post free for 19 stamps —From H. J. GASSON, Government Contractor, Rye. MUSIC. Clearance Sale 4s. songs and pieces 4d. eacb.—DOBSILY, WHOLESALE STORES, Newark. MEN. To sell Patent Novelty, full particulars will be sent on receipt addressed envelope.-89, CONSTITUTIONAL HILL, Birmingham. "lUr ILITABY Knee Boots, smart appearance, 7s. 6d. .01 per pair; Naval Knee Boots, very strong 6s. 6d. per pair ; Bluchers, ss. Gd. per pair; any size carriage paid; cash returned if not approved of.—ll. J. GASSON, Rye. MALTESE.—Real Maltese Silk Lace Ties and Collars, 2s. 11d., 3s. 11d., 43.11 d., 55.11 d., 65.11 d., Bs. 11d., 10s. Gd., 13s. 11d., 17s. Ca.. 21s. each, up to 5 guineas. Berthas, 15s. 11d. to 81s. Handkerchiefs, is. Gd. to 21s. Money returned if not approved.— MADAME COLERIDGE, 14,St. Michael's rd.,London,

MILITARY Clothing.-4.000 good large, Dark Grey or Blue Waterproof Cloth Overcoats for Sale; put out of service for other pattern ; either carriage paid, 7s. 6d.; name size required; Oilskin Serge-lined Police Capes ss. ; large Blue Cloth Police Capes, ss. 6d.; either above carriage paid.—H. J. GASSON, Govern- ment Contractor, Rye.

'ON-MAGNETIC Watch, reliable timekeeper, 5 11 years' warranty, 6s. 9d., worth doubIe.—WRIGHT'S, 13, Bede at., Sunderland.

NAILS LIKE DIAMONDS. 6 TAILSHINE 'is a preparation for beautifying 1.1 and polishipg the nails. In 30 seconds a polish is obtained that excels and outlasts any manicuring. A bottle will be sent post free for Is.—MADAME NORA WILLIAMS, 6, Cheapside, London, E.C.

Miscellaneous, On Sales, etc. 1110 LAY THE PIANO IN SIX WEEKS.—The New Method. All keys now easy. Instruction Manual, with music, ls.—DozAvE Co., 90 High Rd., Tottenham. 11,11 HONOGRAPH in Oak Case, with 29 Records and Recorder for making own Records, 305.; cash wanted.—HAWKINS, 43, Sidwell street, Exeter.

DICTURE Frame Mouldings, ready mitred for join- ing ; patterns and advice free; state size pictures —ENROBLIM, 540, Stockport rd., Longsight,Manchester PAM BLANKETS, pair sheets, Lancashire Quilt,. 2 Pillows, 1 Bolster Case. Send Is., and secure the best bargain ever offered to LANCASHIRE WARE- HOUSE Co., 306, Bury new rd., Salford, 119RIZE WINNER.—Since 1892. "Tit-Bits" Dittoes Complete ; 2d. each for expenses. £250 "Answers". Double first Prue may be yours. You win before I profit 20 per cent on prizes won through me, stamped address.—ALßC PRlOll,4lWarner rd.,Ce.mberwell,London 13LANTING SEASON.-1,000,000 Oval Leaved Privet, 20,000 Roses in variety; large stock of Ornamental Trees and Shrubs for Sale cheap. Inspec- tion invited. Catalogue post free on application to Co WAN'S LIMITED, Gateacre Nurseries, Gateacre, near Liverpool.

RAZORS.—Very special line, 2s. 6d.; warranted hollow ground.—HALL, Razor Specialist, High at., Margate. REAL H.K. Shetland Shawls, large sizes, ss. Gd., 7s. Gd., 9s. 6d. each post free, in white, gray, and lerown.—M utafbcH, 221, Dalkeith rd., Edinburgh.

1111)OLLER SKATES.—Pair ladies and gents, extend- -Li/ ing, ball bearing, steel wheels, never ueed,sacritice lie. 6d. pair, worth 2511.--E. Halsey, Aldbury, Herts. REMNANTS ! Remnants! Remnant,s ! El to £2O XI/ parcels . sent for cash. Write us for 'full particulars.—JEFFS, General Warehousemen, 73, Scot- land rd, Liverpool. REAL NAVAL SERGE, as supplied to Navy; 31 in. wide ; splendid for costumes or skirts; Is. 20. per yard ; cash returned if not approved of.— H. J. GASSON, Naval Contractor. Rye. RUGS ! RUGS! !—Good, all wool, Wt. long, 6f wide, and weigh 41bs. ; Governnient Grey; only been used a little; much better than common new; 1 will send one post free for 3s. eacb.—H. J. GASSON, Contractor, Rye.

SMOKERS and Others.—Why let youraeeth remain stained sad yellow. Send for tin of our mar- rellous powder, restores 'Mural whiteness, postpaid 7d. P.O.—EXTAIN DENTAL POWDER CO., 10, New Brown at., Manchester.

SHAVING. 'How to shave easily without brush or warm water in 2or 3 minutes. No soreness or smarting afterwards. Send Is. and stamped addressed envelope for instructions to EVIELBRECT, 12, Rignold rd., Camberwell,London. SPECIAL OFFER to advertise our Gents' Oxydised Keyless Watch, usual price 56. 6d. We will for- ward same upon receipt of P.O. 2s. 9d.—Hlcimgv BROTHERS, 14, Victoria Villas, Kilburn, London.

SUCCESS Assured. The Brace of the Future; no more round or stooping Shoulders %Mist wearing the Medico ; ease, comfort and durability guaranteed ; no strain on frame or clothing, post free Is 2id. Mention this paper.—Mamco, 6, West at. Exeter.

SENSATIONAL OFFER.—Prime Welsh Wether Mutton, delivered in your homes, post free or sarriage free, throughout the Kingdom. Sides (about 201bs), 80. hinders. Nd., fore do. 74d., cash or refer- ence.—LLEw. LLOYD, Purveyor, Rhayader..

- - IMPORT British Industry by. purchasing direct from the Staffordshire Potteries; lovely painted complete Dinner, Tea, and Toilet Sets, comprising 52 pieces in all, price 16s. 6d with handsome free gift; the Greatest Bargain ever offered; guaranteed the finest crockery made; easily worth double; illuminated catalogue free.—Write at once LO THE CROWS ROYAL POTTERY CO., Burden], Staffs. MOYS.—A splendid selection sent post free for Is.— MARK, 25, Mason's avenue, Weal dstone,Middleser

“ riviE GIPSY Fortune Telling Game.”—The only 1- genuine Fortune Teller ever invented, Is. post free.—Roa ERS & R ADLEY,S2, Upper Jackson at., Hulme Manchester.

------- - MRANSVAAL Tobacce, best quality. 3s. 6d. per lb., 1- post free to any address. Postage stamps of South Africa. Approval Sheets sent against references or deposit.—S. MULDER, Box 1480, Johannesburg. /11 HE COMPO-LITHO GRAPH.—AII sizes. The -IL most up-to date, and cheapest copying process known (50 copies in a few minutes). Particulars.—THE Manager, Bloomsbury House, Grey rd., Liverpool N. rrIHE IDEAL WINTER BEVERAGE IS OVOA.- -11- Prepared with the Best Cocoa, Malt Extract, and Oavine (the highest form of concentrated Food on the market). OVOA is in itself capable of supplying every need of the human body for Nourishment. A boon to suffere4 from Dyspepsia. Price and 2s. 9d. per tin post free. Send for booklet. OAVINE FOODS CO., 12, RAILWAY APPROACH, LONDON BRIDGE, LONDON, S.E..

NTETLS, VEILS, VElLS.—Three Veils (perfect), V l yards long, 18 inches wide; various colours and patterns; post free, Is. Id.—Mrs. HAWLEY, 400, Berridge road, Nottingham. vVADSWORTH'S TUNE PIANOS.-59, Sankey st Warrington. WHY USE FOREIGN DOORS? British made 6ft. 6in. by 2ft. 6in, by liin. square, 55.; mould 2 sides 6s. 2d. solid moulded ss. Id. All other sizes in stock. Send builder's trade card for Iist—JENNINGS S; Co., 336, Pennywell rd., Bristol. • WATERPROOF Covers, cash returned if not approved of ; same material and pliable as rail- way sheets, 12ft. by 9ft., 12s. ; 15ft. by 9ft., 15s. ; and so on, made to any size at Is. per sq. yard, with lashes, Superior stout rot-proof Green Canvas, is. 6d. sq.l yard, with lashes; Horses' strong canvas, Loin Cloths lined with Army rugging, 46ins. by 38ins., 3s. All Leather. Head Stalls, any size 2s. 6d. each. Neck Collars, any size, 6s. 6d. each. Quantity large pieces Tarpaulin, 255, cwt.; odd pieces suitable for roofing, at Bs. cwt.—H. J. GASSON, Government Contractor, Rye. SMOKERS. Pity after trial, wonderful tool, always fire, never is out.—DOCTOR ALVERNHE, CANET, HERAULT, FRANCE. 10LB. tin prise lIONEY ss. 12 tablets Italian Olive Oil Soap 3s. 6d. post free.—W. J. HALL, 283, Moss Lane East, 'Manchester. 11 YDS. Black Italian Cloth 541 n. wide, bright finish, 4 splendid for aprons, money returned if not satis- factory,p3st free Is. 2d. each.—Scorr,DuititANs, 23, Piccadilly, Bradford. 21 WEEKLY, addressing envelopes (work at home) ; particulars addressed envelope.—SUPPLY Co., Mortimer at., London. 12 PICTURE - POSTC.ARDS, beautifully coloured lovely photographic Austrian Alp and lake sceneries and others for Is. 6d.; a capital contribution to every album; English references.—Mrs. HERZOG, 3, Sperlgasse, Reichenberg (Austria). S2SOPRIZE offered for winning photograph or design.—Apply DOUGLAS, Furniture and Decoration, 90, New Bond at., London, W. 2/6 PAIR Solid Silver Hill-Marked Mounted Vases. 4s. 6d. Solid Silver Mounted Comb and large 6 x 10 Silver E.P. Mirror to Match. Money returned if not approved.—BEDFOßD, Manufacturer, 11, Hatton Garden, London.

64 PAGE BOOK ABOUT HERBS and how to use them, Post free. Send for one.—TRIINELL ThA Herbalist, 144, Richmond rd.,Cardiff. Estlblished 378.

R OSES, Standards, Climbers, Bush from ss. doz., list free.—AcocK. Rose Grower, Sutton, Surrey. BULBS.-3 Hyacinths, 12 Crocus, 12 Snowdrops, 6 Tulips, 6 Iris, 6 Scillas, 6 Daffodils for is. 9d. free.—Cmicas, 18, Great Homer at. Liverpool. 24 HERBACEOUS and bulbous plants, 2s 6d includ- ing postage..—GARDENER, Dundrum, Dublin. SEED WHEAT.—Marster's Squarehead, grown from crop of 81 quarters per acre ; strong miller's wheat, and stands well; 42s per quarter; sacks free, cash with order.—R. MOORE & SONS, Beeston Fields, Notts VIOLETS. 50 VARIETIES of VIOLETS; Single, Double and Parmas : unique collection.—Catalogue free on appl. to the PIERSTON GARDEN Co.,Gillingharn Dorset.

O• RCUIDS. 3,000 to clear owing to alteration of premises, 30s. per doz.; sample plant 3s. Write fof list.—W. J. BIG°, F.R.H.S., Orchid Grower, Browning rd., Enfield, Middlesex.

Hotels, Hydros, Boarding Estabs•

BIIXTON.-BRUNSWICK BOARDING ESTAB- LISHMENT.— Billiards. Moderate terms.— Proprietors, MISSES WRIGHT. LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMTIED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL ALSO AT 70, & 71, EUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

SOUTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL STREET. ESTIMATES GIVEN. CHOIR PARTIES, PICNICS &C., TESTIMONIALS FROM ALMOST EVERY TOWN IN LANCASHIRE. Telephone 0465. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN.

ACCOUCHMENT.—SeIect private Country House. Certified and registered Midwife. Trained nurses. Terms moderate.—PFUNCIPAL, Malvern House, Greasby. Birkenhead.

BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, very central; near Talbot rd. Station; terms reason- abie.—Mrs. LOMAX. 38, Cookson at. BOURNEMOUTEL—ExceIIent suite of rooms, would divide as required, or board-residence, good references.—B., Oakleigh. Snowdon rd. nLACKPOOL—Aviation Week, Central Drive close to sea and trams; bed 2s. two persons' board optional.—Mrs. H. E. SIDEBOTHAM, 24, Rothsay rd. UXTON.—APARTMENTS, Farmhouse, in Peak of Derbyshire, with rabbit shooti ug.—HENRY ABELL, Biggin Grange, Hartington. 11P1 RIGHTON.—SPLENDID RESIDENCE overlook- -I_l unrivalled sea front; 11 bedrooms; well fur- nished; ten guineas • unfurnished £l6O. Others £26 to .£llo.—YouNGs, Auctioneers, Second Avenue, Brighton COMFORFABLE HOME for ladies or gentleman for winter months; terms mod.—MOUNT PLEASANT, Albert rd., Old Colwyn. • COLWYN. BAY.—Winter terms for FURNISHED HOUSES. Unfurnished Houses to let. Stamp "and requirements.—MELLOß AND ALLEN. LLANDUDNO .and NORTH WALES COAST:—For Furnished and Unfurnished Houses.—Apply M RYAN, Estate Agent and Auctioner, Llandudno. LONDON.—Suporior APARTMENTS for Visitor by day or week; moderate terms; board optional; quiet; central.—Write requirements, MANAGERESS, 41, Bernard st., Russell square.

XTEW BRlGHTON.—Comfortable Homely APART- .III MENTS, near Prom.—Mre. CARLISLE, Ivy Lea, 19, Tollemache at. PRESTATYN.—Purnished, Unfurnished Bungalows Houses, Land, Let or Sale; stamp,—INGLEFIELD, Agent Prestatyn. SOUTHPOR r.— Comfortable APARTMENTS, near Promenade, with or without board.—Misses CA RTW RIG HT, 93, King St. QT. ANNES-ON-SEA.—DINING-ROpM with one 1.0 or two bedrooms (reasonable) for period.—Mrs FA RNWORTII, 63, St. Alban's rd.

ST. ANNES.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, or to Let Furnished; every convenience, near station and sea.—Misses SCOTT, Chorlton House, St. Andrew's rd., North. SOUTHPOR,T.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, Public or Private; central ; good fires; piano ;terms moderate for winter months.—Mrs. WARBURTON, 21, Tulketh at,

TORQUAY.—APARTMENTS for Winter, Sitting- room, two Bedrooms; piano; good cooking and attendance; sunny position; terms moderate.—Mrs. BALL, 3, Rosery terrace, Warbro rd., St. Marychurch.

Partnerships, Businesses. mAlLOßS.—Genuine Old Business for &de ; Glamorgan.—Box 6266, SHARROW it THATCHER, Holborn Place, Lond. ALL PERSONS HAVING BUSINESSES TO -,CX. SELL are advised to consult Mr. COWDELL LEGH ST., Warrington.

RESTAURANT £3OO, furnished throughout, near Tiarn Terminus; bar, kitchen, 8 rooms, private entrance, bath, sc.; Cyclists house, bed and breakfast, 2s. 6d.; opposite Tooting Public Library.—" Emrnsss," Mitcham rd., London. eIHANCE OF A LIFETIME.—CapitaI Coal Yard, A...) selling 10 tons weekly; bills to prove; waggons, scares, weights all utensils for quick sale; £9O. No agents. Reasons, leaving Manchester.—GßEEK ST., COAL DEPOT, 70, Grosvenor at., Oxford rd., Manchester Q ALE, Country BUTCHER'S BUSINESS, two miles IZD from Bolton; shop, house, and up-to-date slaughter-house, and stable, all together; owner leaving the neighbourhood • low ingoing ; low rent—Apply 116, FOLDS RD., Bolton. A LL PERSONS WISHING TO SELL THEIR 111 BUSINESSES quickly and privately should come to the place where businesses are bought and sold daily. Genuine concerns are usually sold by us in 14 days. Send postcard, and our representative will call. ,The largest Bu iness and Partnership Agency in England. EXPRESS BUSINESS TRANSFER CO., HEAD OFFICE, 74, VICTORIA STREET, MANCHESTER.

Education. Tn H E PRIORY SCHOOL, WARRINGTON. Principal: MISS DRING, L.L.A., A.C.F. Assisted by a qualified Staff, including B.A.andL.R.A.M. Prospectus on application. BOARDERS WANTED in excellent Girls' School Country, near sea. Low terms.—Audress, C.F. Examiner " Office, Warrington. SHORTHAND BY POST. Rapid and successful tuition. Generous offer.—JOURNALIST, 177, Spencer Place, Leeds.

Motor Cars and Cycles, etc. CAPITAL Cycle Tyres; less than cost; send 45.; satisfaction guaranteed.—TUßNEß & SONS, Letchworth.

MOTOR Inner Tubes and Outer Covers Aanted, any quantity ; tubes 6d. lb. plain covers 195., nonskids Ss. cwt ; sender pays carriage. Bankers, London, City and Midland.—Auro CoY., 178 a Liverpool rd., London N.

_ Wanted. BRITISH Homes Certificates and others wanted. Lowest price to SOUTHGATE, Maidenhead.

21 weekly addressing envelopes at home.—WALLACE J. KING C0.,42 St. Fills:es rd., Catford. London,S.E. "VAMILY JOURNAL Votes Wanted; best cash offers.-26 Brighton rd, Stoke, Newington,London. 1/ HOURLY.—Tinting small Punts. Experience unnecessary. Stamped envelope.—'TAT,' Ranelagh avenue, Fulham.

yVANTED, Ladies Hair Combings, any colcur ; best cash value by return.—SMlTH, 29, Kynaston rd., Stoke Newington, London, N. 22 WEEKLY making Incandescent Mantles; genuine home employment—Stamped address. —WELTO!.sI & CO., Welling, Rent.

AGENTS Wanted everywhere, to sell our Famous Bonus Tees; big profits; particulars free.—L. AND Y. TEA Co., 68, Victoria square, Bolton. MEN.—To sell Patent Novelty. Full particulars will be sent on receipt of an addressed stamped envelope.-89, CONSTITUTION HILL, Birmingham.

WANTED Situation as GARDENER or Groom- Gardener, thoroughly experienced in both capacities; disengaged on account of death.—Apply W. WANDBY, Pepper at., Nantwich. NVANTED, for Penketh Wesleyan Church an ORGANIST, prepared to conduct Sunday Services ; also alternate Thursday evening Services.— For further particulars apply to CHAPEL STEWARDS. rro INVENTORS AND MANUFACTURERS.— Gentleman wishes to Purchase for Cash Smart Invention or Article likely to command quick sale.—Box 6264, SHARROW & THATCHER, Holborn Place, London.

- WANTED HALE SETTERS AND BLOCK Minders for Wet Mattress Wire Drawing, non- union. Constant work guaranteed and good wages. —Apply THE SPENCER WIRE COMPANY LD , Heckmondwike. KNACKERS! KNACKERS! ! KNACKERS ! ! Best possible prices given for dead or worn out Eforses or Cattle. Prompt removal on the shortest notice any distance up to 16 miIes.—EN'OLISII PRODUCTS CO., LTD., Men ure Manufacturers, Longford Works Warrington. Telegrams " Stearine," Warrington Telephone 299. WANTED, SEVERAL SMART MEN AGES 18 TO 30. to learn MOTORING and DRIVING. Be up to the times and Earn Good Money. Each man whom we teach is fully qualified to take charge of amotor car. Terms, £5 ss. Take time by the for elock a nddo not miss this splendid opportunity to learn a ood business. Full particulars upon application.—COLLEGE GARAGE, COLLEGE ST., FULHAM RD., SOUTH KM3SINGTON, LONDON REQUIRED, in every district, where not represented, AGENTS for our private Christmas Greeting Cards, and other goods. Will suit either sex (whole or spare time) who have a number of friends and acquaint- ances. Large sums of money are being earned weekly. Why not by you? Commission Bs. in the £. Cards only require showing to sell them. Our beautiful Pocket Sample Book is one of the greatest helps to Agents in getting orders ever introduced.—Send to-dry for full particulars to F. LOCKWOOD, 63, Shaw at., Liverpool. EARNEST YOUNG MEN WILL FIND A USEFUL AND PROFITABLE SPHERE IN THE SERVICE OF THE PIONEER LIFE ASSURANCE CO. Those resident in Lancashire, Yorkshire, Midlands Newcastle, North and South Wales preferred. PARTICULARS POST FREE. PIONEER LIFE OFFICE, 67, DALE ST LIVERPOOL.

F DIRECTIa&S for making 60 Patent Medicines 1: ls. id. Posted.—J. WALSH, Mitford at., Stretford ECZENA positively cured, never fails, is. post free —MitftvLr., 18, Abingdon rd., Brooklands.Cheshire

INDIGESTION, Kellum Tablets relieve instantly, Is. lid. post free.—BALiust Co., Redditch Studley, R.S.O.

CORNS, Warts.—Only infallible cure absolutely certain; genuine; particulars 7 stamps.—V., 5, Totnea terrace, Wembley. TNSOLES.—New Rheumatism Cure, is. Id. Pat free. Send size boot, ladies or gents.—REvno Co., 77, Windsor rd., Penarth, Cardiff.

ZANPA PILES Treatment, 2s. 3d.; cure guaranteed. —Mr. and Mrs. ROBINSON, Pile @ Specialist, 82, Solway lane, .Liverpool (from Bolton).' ATEDICAL.—Your age and complaint. A useful IVI. Prescription, with advice, given on receipt of 6d.— DOCTOR, 241, New Crass rd., London. DVERTISER suffered 11 years Kidney and Bladder Complaints, tried all, found cure. Sample bottle Is. lid., genuine.—HOWAßTH, Millbank Cottage, Hey- wood, Manchester. VREE TO YOUNG MEN.—A pamphlet on Hygiene or how to protect your health, benefit posterity and worth tons of cure.—Address HYGIENIC APPLIANCE CO., 44, Bath lane Terrace, Newcastle-on-Tyne. DOLAR is the Latin for Pain. There is no pain like Rheumatism. Lumbago and Sciatica. Dolar Ointment has relieved thousands. You cannot afford to neglect this offer. Price Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. post ree.—Dourt & Co., 15, Hotel st., Leicester. QTRENGTH and Vigour quickly gained by using Trainer Atkin's Electric Embrocation, highly recommended and used by Saxon, strongest man on earth ; trial bottle is. 14d. free.—TRAINER ATKIN.S EMBROCATION Co., 14, Waterloo at,, Swansea. QANJEC," a unique compound of pure vegetable 1.7 extracts, in small pill form, prepared by experi- enced chemists, which cures Indigestion, Constipation, and all disorders of stomach, liver, and bowels.-48 pills in pock lit phial, Is. post free from SANJEC CO., Depot. 244. St. Paul's rd., Highbury, N. JOW Spirits, Neurasthenia,,Nervous Feelings, such as _LA you wish you were dead, think you are ruined, things can't go on, tired in the mornings, can't work, wonder what your family will do, and kindred feelings; those afflicted will get the benefit of the experience of a gentleman of position and something to their advan- tage.—NOßSlNG HOME, 333, St. George's rd., Glasgow. Nervous cases boarded at coast, country or city. WELCOME NEWS FOR ALL WHO SUFFER FROM ECZEMA, Ulcerated Wounds, White Swelling, Ringwood, Chilblains, Piles, Carbuncles and Skin Diseases of all kinds. CREAMOLA will cure you; use it Mr. Luckett, Chiswick, writes, "I was in the Army and turned out incurable and could follow no employment; your ointment cured me." Sold in boxes Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. each. When ordering state complaint. CREAMOLA COMPANY, 14, MACAULAY RD., CLAPHAM, LONDON. FOR MORE THAN TWENTY-FIVE YEARS DR. DAVIS'S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS HAVE been universally admitted to be a Boon to Womankind. They are the best known Remedy or Anternia, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart. Debility, Depression, Weakness Irregularities and all Female Ailments. Boxes is. lid., 2s. 9d., 4s. 6d and lle. (Sample sent free). Only address :-309 PORTOBELLO ROAD, NOTTING HILL, LONDON

GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THE BES AND CHEAPEST EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5D., 10D., AND is. BD. EACH. WHOLESALE BY J. GEDDES & SON. LTD., WARRINGTON. _

44 iur AGBEL" RAZORS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHEFFIELD MAKE, WARRANTED, POST FREE, 2s. 6D., 35., 4s. SD. AND ss. 6D. J. G. DODD, 4, MANCHESTER STREET, LIVERPOOL. Made And Ground By English Labour. Local Agent: .1. HimSWORTH. Market Hall,Warri gto.p REAL WITNEY BLANKETS. Stupendous Value. 12/6 -FULL SIZE (About 72x99 inches). 12/6 Per Pair Ctrriage paid. Per Pair TWO PAIRS FOR 24/6. Buy direct, and save shopkeeper's profits. A full- sized pair of Real Witvey Blankets sent direct, and carriage paid, on receipt of P.O. for 12s. 6d. Beautiful quality, soft and warm. Money returned if not approved of.—F. Dix & Co., Witney Blanket Agents' Byron Howe, Manor Park, London.

, WHAT EVERY LADY WEARS.-Is. Post Free 2 LADIES' BELTS. No 1, a beautiful faiicy belt, can be worn both sides, for day or evening wear. No. 2, a black mole skin belt. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. Money returned if not satisfied. DEPARTMENT B, LONDON BELT COMPANY. 83, GELDESTON BOAD, UPPER CL NPTON, • LONDON, N.

PATENTS. 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. GEO. DAVIES & SON, CHARTERED PATENT AGENTS. ESTABLISHED IN 1835. SELF-HELP TO NEW PATENT LAW. PRICE 6D. COLONIAL & FOREIGN PATENT LAWS. PRICE Pi

Money. CASH ACCOMMODATION. Lto £I,OOO.—INTEREST 28. W. in the £ for agre_e period. £3 repay £3 7s. Gd., £5 repay £5 12s. tia • £lO repay £ll ss. W. JACKSON, 6. PARKER ST., WARRINGTON- MONEY LENT from £lO to £5,000 on Note of Hand. No security, no delay,strictest privacy,low interest,monthly and quarterly repayments or as follows £2O Loan from 5/- weekly.—£so Loan from 12/- weekly. £lOO Lc an from 22/6 weekly. To avoid paying extortionate interest and heavy repel' ments above your means, Apply to SAMUELS tCO 5 John Dalton at., Manchester. Tel. 9535 Central.

NO FEES. NO SURETIES £lO to £l,OOO on Note of Hand alone4o all classes witheut any delay or fuss. £lO repay 12s. monthly. I £5O repay 505. monthly. £2O ,' 20s. „ I .£lOO , 80s. Special terms for short pesiods ; distance no objeo; lettersansw ered immediately; privacy guaranteed. KAY CO., 92, Market st., Manchester. Tel.: city:LL7 L E 5 LOA? ESTSdTUES'IT' ZNGLDA4DI. £5 loan, Repay 2s. weekly I £25 loan, Repay 105. weekly £lO „ „ 4s. „ I £3O „ „ 12s. n £l5 „ „ Gs. „ I £5O „ „ 20s. ,7 £2O „ „ Bs. „ I £lOO „ „ 355. •,„ No Sureties, no Delay, no Publicity. Special attentwo applicants from this district. METROPOLITAN LOAN & DISCOUNT CO., 219, BRUNSWICK ST., OXFORD R D., MANCHEST.ER; and at 19, WITTON ST., (over Bradley's Clothing Shop) NORTH WICH. HER E" S A .CHANCE FOR YOU £5 TO £5OO. Have the hard times affected you? Are you back in your rent or rates? Do you owe the Doctor, Grocer, or Any other bills? WHY WORRY. • Let me advance the money to pay off all those worrisome bills, let me help you to get a fresh start. Your credit is good with me, you will be surprised to find how easy iit s to borrow money, and how easy to repay the loan. INTEREST LOW & REPAYMENT EASY. No matter what rates others advertise, or what rates you are paying, or have paid any other office, I will make you a loan at a lower rate of interest and easier repay- ment. Call or write to the actual lender, - J. LORD, $3, GOLBORNE STREET, (off Sankey Street), WARRINGTON. Opposite Golbonae Street Church. WIDNES. £5, £7, £lO, £2O, £3O, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES" MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and. a Respectable Householders, on their own security, with- out delay, on our simple written prom's". to pay back; FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS.,. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNE_. FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JOHN E. GOODWIN, N.B—Warrington and Runcorn Applicant may recei" Money any Evening at their own Homes. PRIVATE CASH A.CCOYMODATION. £3 TO £lOOO. BEST TERMS. LOWEST INTEREST AND REPAYMENTS IN ENGLAND. CASH ADVANCES MADE DAILY on the follow/9g terms or as mutually agreed upon :- 23 loan Is. Od. weekly I £lO loan 2s. 6d. week:Y. £5 loan is. Gd. wei?kly I £2O loan ss: Od. weelal• £7 loan 2s. Od. weekly I £5O loan 12s. 6d. weekl34 Other sums in same proportion. If you are in need of cash assistance you will do Ivel - to apply to me at once and I will advance you sufficie.l4 for your needs. Fair treatment and honest Lancasio dealings is my motto. Strictest privacy observed. NO FINES. NO SURETIES. Apply in confidence by letter or personally to M. SEFTON. 31, CAIRO STREET, WARRINGTON. • Miss C. COTTERILL (Manageress).

News at H. M. ASHTON'S. No. 5.—H. M. ASHTON'S LIFE TONIC Makes weak peoPle strong. Quiets the nerves. Gives sound sleep. Builds up the system. is. per Bottle, liquid or tablets. H. M. ASHTON, CHEMIS', 63 .Sankey Street WarringtOn.

TH EXADoIINER Series 'OP WEEK-END NEWSPAPERS COMPRIESS : THE WARRINGTON EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning, principal and the oldest weekly Piper for Warrington, Stockton Heath,Penketh,Winwick vadgate, Lymm, &c•, being one of the largest and best Weekly papers in Lancashire and Cheshire. The district 'covered by this paper comprises a large trading and agricultural tract in South Lancashire and Mid- Cheshire. Fr HE RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning. It is the best weekly paper in the town and district, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. TIRE WIDNES EXAMINER, published. every -a- Saturday morning. Widnes contains the larges number of chemical works of any toltn in the Kingdom -and is a rapidly growing centre of industry. THE EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER published every Saturday morning. The largest ocal paper containing the news of Earlestown, Newton-le-Willows, Golborne, Haydock, Lowton, &c. The district thus comprised is a most important part of the Lancashire coalfields. rirliE ST. HELENS EXAMINER, published every -a- Saturday morning, circulating in St. Helens, i'rescot, Parr, Sutton, Peasley Cross, &c.—the centre of the glass'. chemical, and watch trades of the Kingdom PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One Three Six Thirteen 'Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 16 6d. ... is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. 3s. 9d. 24 9d. ... is. 10d. ... 3s. Od. ... ss. Od. 32 is. Od. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. ... 7s. 6d. 40 3d. ... 3s. id. ... ss. Od. ... Bs. 9d. 48 ... is. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6s. Od. ... 10s. Od.

LOCAL NEWS. n

n' ,4*,`,...,: - ...:,,. ~ ';'.:{:.--,/--!..' , . . , - IL:g .' . ,-.- , . , 1 - - ' - ''',.:',....:„.4)' ' . \ , ~,,-,,,,r,,,-‘x.. ~, ''":1 —;ii,, K.), ,_ , , s, ..- , , . ~....,, : . ._ -. ~. , - . '. " ... ... , . .., -,.

CODY'S AEROPLANE COMES TO GRIEF. "This has been an epoch-making week in the history of aviation. For the first time we have had flights on a big scale, and great things have been done both at Blackpool and Doncaster. There were over a hundred thousand spectators at Doncaster on Saturday, while it is reckoned that fully fifty thousand more were at Blackpool on the opening day, In addition to the brilliant flights the spectators had one or two thrills occasioned by the vagaries of some of the flying machines. Mr. S. H. Cody, for instance, had a miraculous escape at Doncaster. The front wheel of his aeroplane ploughed into the earth, and the huge structure swung over with the aviator underneath. Beyoni aefew scratches, however, Mr. Cody was unhurt. our illustration shows the wheel caught in the earth. • BUDGET BATTLE IN BERMONDSEY.

Do your Eyes Trouble You? , - ,„ „ 1 g --; i ,f(_Tp _.....--- _ Do things ever seem to grow misty and blurred? This is a warning of Eyestrain-- and you should have your eyes tested. Neglect can only add to the trouble. By our scientific tests we could tell if you need Glasses, and in that case supply those which would give the greatest possible benefit. Call to-day. ARCHER & SONS Eyesight Specialists. Z. LORD STREET Estb. 1848. . LIVERPOOL

. • ' . _ . . _ . . . - _ . . .. . . _ ._ _ . . • - -• . _ .. . . _ . ... _ . - , • . - •• - - -- • - . - . • ~•- . • ..... , .... .._ ... -' „ . ._ ... - - - • eating _ _ ....., ..... _......_.....„,_,..... .... ..,..._,. ....„.7......„, TH4 E ALLINsoN WHOLE BR E .11 D ? MEAL • t is a NECESSITY FOR ALL WHO WOULD BE WELL—especially those suffering from constipation and its attendant evils.

Send a postcard to— ' CAUTION. The NATIONAL FOOD CO, Ltd, rt. TR-tmtufer The name Room 510, Bethnal Green, London, E. is on each loaf, and the r paper B For Booklet entitled— band round the loaf also bears "A Chat with Dr. Allingon" about Wholemeal Bread his autograph and photograph. Sent free with name and address of nearest agent. None genuine without,

SPECIAL BAKER OF THE ALLINSON BREAD, E. BROWN & SONS, The Cross, Lymm, Cheshire.

BUY, YOUR FURNITURE From the LARGEST and MOST RELIABLE FIRM, THE G 0 E FURNISHING CO. (J. R. GRANT, Proprietor), PEMBROKE PLACE L IV E El PO CV Discount for Cash EASY TERMS of Paymants To Suit the Convcmence of CU3TOMERS. FREE DELIVERY TO ALL PARTS. DNC-ROOM FURNITURE DRAY/INC-ROOM FURNITURE BEDROOM FURNITURE Hundreds of Suites in all Coverings and Woods. WHITE FOR CATALOGUE. You will Savo Pounds by doing so. • kap • - 17" ';'" • •- 4 FURNISHING CO. (J. R. GRANT, Proprietor), PEMBROKE PLACE, LIVERPOOL. CLASCOW-510 Sauolglehall Street. BELFAST—High Street

MARKET PRICES. WARR IN GTON, WEDNESDAY. FRESH EGGS, 6 and 7. SOLES, 2s. 3d. FRESH BUTTER, 19 2d and LEMON SOLES, Bd. &U. is 3d. COD, 6d. CHEESE, 7d and Bd. PLAICE, Bd. ChES. RABBITS, 19 to is id. LOBSTERS, is 4d. FOWLS (couple), 9s to 4s 6d. WHITING, Bd. DUCKS (couple), 6s 6d to 7s. FRESH HERRINGS, is dc'; POTATOES,49 to 4s 6d a load. EELS, 10d. Esousii VEAL 6d to 10d Tunucr, is Gd BEEF, 6d to lOid. per lb. BRILL, is. MUTTON, sid to 9id per lb. MACKEREL, 4d to Gd LAMB, 7d to 10d. per lb. ENGLISH HARES, 4S 6' PORK, 6d to 9id. per lb. per brace FRESH HADDOCKS, 6d. PHEASANTS,7Od per brace! PARTRIDGE, 5s per bract, RAKE, 6d. WHEAT.-45 3d to 4s 6d per 701bs. OATS.-29 id to 2s 6d per 45Ibs. WHEAT STRAW.-32.9 per ton. OAT STRAW.-26s to 27s Gd per ton. CLOVER HAY.---£3 lOs to .£3 15s per LC/1. MEADOW HAY.:---£3 Ms per tcn.
