===== 0002601_19090612_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
TELEPHONE: 3123 RITSHOIXE.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
A. HOLT,

55 Princess Rd.

Moss Sid

TEETH

TEETH

NC H ESTER.

EETH

EETH

HOURS: 10 TO 12; 2 TILL 8. SATURDAY 10 TILL 6. Over 20 years with late S U. Parkinson, City.

IL-BIGHE

JiLYON WHITTLE, Town Clerk-. JOHN FAIRHURST, F.S.A.A., Borough Treasurer.

1.-ELEMENTARY EDUCATION.

111.-RECEIPTS AND EXPENDITURE OUT OF LOANS.

I hereby certify that I have compared the entries in this Financial Statement with the Vouchers and other Documents relating thereto, and that the Regulations with respect to such statement have been duly complied with. I hereby further certify that I have ascertained by Audit the correctness of such statement, and that the expenditure of the Council during the year ended the 31st day of March, 1909, included in such statement, i and allowed by me at the Audit s Fifty-two thousand, two hundred and forty-one pounds, fourteen shillings and sixpence. As witness my hand this 25th day of May 1909. ARTHUR E. ELLIS, Assistant District Auditor.

e, T T 41'111

===== 0002601_19090612_art0003.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
EDUCATION.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
VISIT OF KING EDWARD VII.

• DECORATIONS OF ALL KINDS FOR SALE OR HIRE. NO JOB TOO LARGE. ENQUIRIES SOLICITED.

ESTIMATES FREE.

PENDLEBURY & CO.,

NEAR CENTRAL STATION.

FOR SMART Etoom AND SIIOES, SEE

BOOTH & SONS, 29, BUTTERIVIARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. The Latest Designs in Portland and Cactus Brands for Ladies' Wear. Globe,

Southall and Waukeezi for Gent's Wear. ALL OUR GOODS ARE ENGLISH MADE.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
Two Escapes of a Charming Performer.

One a Stage incident ; the other a real danger in private life.

Her Doctor's recognition of the value, in severe Nervous Breakdown of Dr. William's Pink Pills for Pale People.

-For some months past audiences at the prorcinent places of entertainment in Great Thitain have been mystified and astonished by the perforrcauce of an attractive young a!tiste who appears under the -name of Minerva. Her unique feat consists in

"These nervous troubles so affected my strength and system that my hair came out in handfuls, a very usual sign of weakness with my sex. My face became pale and haggard-lookiug, and I felt years beyond my age. Medicine had ruined my appetite

_ being, to lorrow a familiar phrase," locked, barred and bolted," whilst handcuffed and shackled with irons, in a Lanai filled with water, from which, she escapes in a way that justifies a revision-of the old -pro-s•erb to read "Love and 3liuerva laugh at locksmiths." _ _ _ _

and digestion. "When my complaint seemed to be getting beyond treatment, I was recommended to an eminent New York doctor, who specialisos in Anzmia and Nervous Troubles. He told me that as I was on tour I could not do bettor than rely

The other side of the picture is no less thrilling, concerning, as it noes' the private life cf this clever performer. It discloses at shat cost of nervous and muscular energy such daring feats are performed. "In November, 1907," Minerva said, recounting

upon a stcady course of Dr. Williams' Pink Pill, which I could obtain many city. And this proved the most effective prescription that any doctor could —give a patient. "1 purchnsed a supply of Dr. Williams Pink Pills at once, and took 'regular doses as directed. Very _

her experience to London jou'rnaliat recently, "I became so

little benefit was felt until I had taken a few boxes of the Pills, but after

ill while performing in New York that I feared I should have to cancel all engagements. lhrt meant a gloomy outlock for 'Tarry months ahead. such a crisis would have cost me a great deal, for I was Looked through the States, Britain, und the Continent. "My troutle was sheer Nervous Breakdown. The indications were trouble- some at first; then tl.ey developed into real agcny. 1 had to face my audiences and submit to very rough handling when, it came to Leing handcuffed and shackled, while suffering from violent headaches and acute nervous tension.

aboat the fourth box I began to improve wonder- fully.

eept naturally and awoke so calta and refreshed in the mornings aat I knew my troubles were being cured. I was less agitated, t,nd trifles (141 not worry me. So I continued taking the Pills in regular doses, and was sa gratified by the result that I wrote a long description to my friends of the wonderful effects of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. My appetite grew keen, and I enjoyed such nu easy digestion that it uas a pleasure to eat, and my food nourished me. In time

Eornetimes such extreme

I had no trace of head-

mervousness seized me aches, nor any other that I felt I could not carry symptom of nervousness through my performance. or waakness. I regained I lost confidence in myself the weight I had lost; my and tecame so flurried that nerves were stronger than I' I was haunted by the fearof had known their to be an accident during the before; I was more supple course of my water ttick.Of I o and active: my hair cane course from the beginning of these troubles I had out no more, and what was squally gratifying, I consulted the very best doctors. I stood to lore gained a healthy complexion. too much if my health failed, to be able to neglect The alarming increase on every side of Nervous getting expert opinion. I should only wea!-37 you. Disorders in various forms arises from the failure ty reciting a list of the medicines the doctors of weak, impure blood to nourish the system. The gave me, but can lunestly say that at last fact that Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People every performance bad to be carried through by an actually create New, Good Blood accounts for the almost superhuit an effort. many cures by these Pills of Anaemia, Debility, "Then etch day my nerves lapsed More and Indigestion, Eczema, Rheumatism, St. Vitus' Dance, snore. Powerful tonics failed to brace me, and Paralysis, and the ills of the weaker sex. 2s. 9d. a when the effects has passed off I fell into hysterical box, or 13s. 9d. for six, post free. from Dr. Williams' tits and without real reason would burst into tears. Medicine Co., 46. Holborn Viaduct, London ; also 'Thus I would remain, agitated and exhausted, of most dealers, but remember that substitutes are worrying how I should get through the next worthless, for the pills that have cured so many performance. other sufferers are

MINERVA'S UNIQUE FEAT.

„_ ---:--:-..2w,rrik,.,--.1, .• - • 4,',...'' 2---,,i7ZFE .4 --;,------',...-fier-,liT".„ . ', '., ~..ur a.,‘Y,O V:i‘,;,:,,\.,., , ~•_l' \A_;-,___ „...__ ' ~t '7,72. :;- -:: -, ,i, ''. ( •\tk .:;:.-- ~ 4 \''.':. 4. '•=7.---1:: . /.. ,j •_..'"-r.= n :-_, ~i1,\,.:, \ ,t,,,,i1 P.M, _''.,r1v,1,2,-ni-Ir gi . • - • ~, ~ . v 4-..,, 7-, • n . .... 5.:',",,,-.i...,,,, 'lll .-.: - ~....../4., c„,,,:'.- :. I, '-:.• ,FXL.:_.7....1..,_-'74_ '''''i. '''',,,i't ' '. i"--i ' i.,....''' i'. 1.0, , k .s• •"•...!. '4„;.;4i.Zii.,rw,,,„ ,--.4t_ g.,„ :i.:l-... ,'.',---.4-%''' '',l' . .4f: -',••-•:Z-41111'1\i'V't • 't, ill I .-.-- -it,-7., - ' ' P:7',- 4. ',boil --7:;!-•:;.-;-.--4' 4 ' '....- 1.--F77-;,-",'W r,1,!,;1;.1:r,. 17 7:,,,,,,,,,.•;1,.••.ii-;`...--Pgßzfrn.... ~....._........,:::,„, ~.. t„---A,•,..,,,..„ _;•,,,, _... . , ~.^,-. , , ~,4,.„....,..•,•.-...„.„, ~ '-f---"f4”. :4", ef ii• '''graTD,-U.-X?:''--• l''''C rrAi7, ,i/r4.1 1 '.',. 1 : ~,.,;?--niTlAs.4*,:v.l,:s-Xliyv. Ailillifil ,'"?•04: ,r7t,r-2z- 4- _,- --...R___.•_ •4--1 ilyr7,4i ''.i.l,llP-ti-g,:z' ~..,,,.... It 41 ,Tir,..r..9 40 ,- -- - 1--- ' , .1.,,. • ~., 1 j{....' / _. ',...."..- .-- ,C ...‘",.:**._:,• . ~,i, ..T-.1,_ .' ____l4. '''' ,:• 4. , ,' 1 l'ati• ; ..','•:''-:.21 .'ill' illr'1111:ii, '-',,,,,,--:,.-',; 7_ ai•-7,-'7,,.--;---, ~ .

===== 0002601_19090612_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
Dr e .1:11.1la-..-is' Pink Pills

WOMEN'S GHAT.

The Queee's Fête.—As many authors have set out to -write an article, and have ended by producing a book, so the bazaar which was held this week in the grounds of the Royal Hospital, Chelsea, was the development of an idea, which was comparitively unambitious. The object, however,—that of aiding the funds of Sir Wiiliam Treloar's home for cripples at Alton, was one calculated to evoke in a special degree the public apmpathy, and so numerous were the cafes of help from leading women in London society that with the co-operation of Queen Alexandra, the effort assumed the proportions of a Queen's fete on a scale of some magnificence. Among many striking features of the fete visitors were particularly struck by the prate ic It work of the boys who are being taught to earn their OWQ living .by the manufacture of various articles -which are in frequent use. Snch charities, which seels to neutralise the disadvantages against which cripples and other affected people have to contend, are in the highest degree commendable, and merit such cordial support as the bezaar received from all classes of society, whose interest in Sir William Treloar's home and college Was stimulated by the kindly example of the Queen. The Royal Visit to Devon and Co.nwall.—Those of .us who have bad occasion to wish that life acre not so much of a rash, would plohably say that if they had their choice they would- not select such a tour as that which the Prince and Princess of Wales have been taking this week in Devon and Cornwall, but it is evident that the loyal enthusiasm with . which their Royal Highnesses have tete received, has been amply sufficient to compensate for a series of what would appear to be somewhat tiring journees. They have further had the opportunity of sseing some of the must beautifel scenery in the West conetry, and of witnessing some quaint ceremoniee a hich still survive in that part of England. With the thonghtfulness svhich the Prince of Wales has inherited from Queen Victoria, and from his Royal father and' wit:eh is equally an attribute of the Princess, they have afforded the public ample oppter- ttmities of seeing them, special facilities being afforded for the children. It folio N.'s that the Royal visit to Devon and Cornwall will long be remembered by the people, and to the Prince and Princess themselves it srill assureJly yield a harvest of happy memeeies. The Church Pageant.—The pageantry resivel is a little less in evidence than in the past year or two, but great interest attaches to the Church Pageant taking place in the grounds of Fulham Palace from June 10th to 16th. The Palace, with its grounds of some thirty- seven acres, is the official residence of the Bishops of -Leaden, and affords a very appropriate site for this historic open-air display. The pageant is divided into some twenty episodes, giving a striking illustration of the rites nnd customs of the aces since the birth of England's Christianity, and of the chief events in the history of the church subsequent to the Norman Con- quest. One of the most striking scenes is the ono depicting- the return from exile and martyrdom of Thomas A Becket, who played a. conspicuous part in defending the rights of the church and ecclesiastical privilege!, and altogether the Pageant should prove of consideracle educational value, in presenting this interesting story of the thousand years' history of the English_ Church. _

Bride's Promise to Obey—Mr. H. IL Mansfield, M.P for Spalding, is of opinion that the bride's promise "to obey" should be eliminated from the marriage service. Speaking the other day at some festivities at Mold, Flintshire, in connection with the marriage of his eldest son, he said, "it was about time we got rid of this barbaric piece of medievalism, and everyone knew that the promise to obey was not as a rule strictly observed in married' life." This is the more generally accepted view in France and America than is the case as pet in this country. It is proposed to omit the promise "to obey" in the revised French civil marriage service, and in the United States not one bride in fifty makes the declaration of obedience. A marriage con- tract N% hi eh is solemnly averred to have been signed and sealed last week before a Justice of the Peace in the town of Montclair, New Jersey, shows how things are reversed in America. In this the bride limited her bnsband's cigars, his control over his getty cash, his freedom of visiting, and to keep a dog, and he was "never to join any Lodge that prohibits women and then not unless she wishes to join too." The bride. groom whose name ought to be Mr. Job Caudle, is said to have subscribed to these and other stringent con- ditions, and he seems likely to have rather a hen-pecked time in store for him. Domestic Hygiene.—Mr. John Burns, in opening the Tuberculosis Exhibition in London last week, touched upon many matters of domestic hygiene. Light and fresh air are the two great preventives of consumption, and Mr. Burns urged the necessity for open windows, the open 'score register, and also for the abolition ot the unhygienic baby's "comforter." He also had something to say about the "best parlour" in the small home, which he eescribed as a" mausoleum for wax-fruit and china cloy, sacred to the landlord, the insurance man, the doctor, the tax-collector, and the undertaker." Mr. Burns is not the first to point out to the working man the folly of paying rent for ft room -which is used by the family on only a few days of the year, but the " best partour "is hallowed by tradition

and sentiment, and its use as a living room would add to the household work. Pur these reasons it is too much to hope that the working classes will abolish the parlour, and add to the breathirig space of the family, but it is possible for one and all to secure the benefits of the open window niad to refrain from darkening it with curtains shutting out the beautiful light. Children and Sweets.-1/ictors and scientists have iong discarded the old household maxim that sweets and sweet things are bad for children, and leading members of the medical professor recognise the value of buter- scotch in the treatment of tuberculosis, and other wasting diseases. Children cannot be uniformly fed, like cattle. They have their likes and dislikes, and is the case of the vary large number of children who from it reluctance to take certain kinds of food are fed upon a deficient amount of fat, the bony structures aro unperfect and slow of growth. Pure sweetmeats, such as butter-scotch, will so far to male up this deftciency, and especially useful in supplying nutriment in a most ; palatible and easily digested form is the combination of sugar and butter in this old confection.

Gin-earning the Debutante.—For some time past, the debutante's "coming-out" ball gown has ceased to be all-white, pale tones of colour having been chosen instead. Many deplore the piocedute argueing—and no doubt correctly—that it is always possible to Bnd some tone of ivory or cream, that proves becoming to the young wearer. Some time ago, a leading London modizte hinted that, she proposed introducing colohr into several of the trains or gowns of debutantes to be presented at the Court this we ,k, but as a matter of feet this scheme has fallen through entirely. Even thoir bouquets have been white, and those by the way, have taken the form of the "shower," shaped Eke a large ostrich egg, but petfeetly light and transparent. Tho'fbwers most in favour for the debutante have proved to be white orchids, lilies-of-the-valley, and pelargoniums.

Fans.—When hot summer afternoons arrive to stay, lins of white lacquered wooi, each stich being specially c•mistructed to hold a fem flowers, prorpise to hive an immense vogne. Wh a the fan is folded, the blooms form a bouTa?t, smill specimens, closinz up into corsage knots. The fliers of co:me will leo of Nature's own fashioning, and of tones to match or blend with the toilette.

MADGE.

SKIN COMFORT FREE FOR SKIN-TORTURED

LITTLE ONES.

- -- Messrs. Francis Newbery 8c Sons, of 27, Charter- house Square, London, E.C., will send on request, post • free, to mothers of skit-tortured infants and children, a generous trial package of Cuticura, the great skin cure, sufficient to afford immediate relief in the most distressing forms of infantile eczemas, rashes, itclungs, scalings and &listings of the skin and scalp and point to ,a speedy cure, in the majority of cases, when all else fails. No doubt this will be considered strong language by many mothers who have seen the suffering of their little ones extend without substantial relief from days into weeks, weeks to months, and months to years. Added to this is the ever-present -fear that the disfigurations may become permanent and mar their future welfare. But positive as is this statement it is justified by more than thirty years of the Most pronounced success throughout the world, for Cuticura is sold everywhere the British flag floats. Under the benign influence of Cuticura, the itching and burning of eczema cease, the child falls into a refreshing sleep, the mother rests and for the first time, perhaps, in many weeks peace falls upon a distracted household. With each free trial package of Cuticura is a " 32-page pamphlet giving full description and treatment for every form of eczema as well as other affections of the skin, scalp, hair and hands.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
GOLF.

WARRINGTON CLUB.

The third round in the competition for the captain's prize was played on Saturday. .1. Ellison qualified in the first division and E.J. Hall in the second. Scores:—

FIRST DIVISION. Gross sc. listur.p. Net sc. J. Ellison B9 ... 11 ... 75 L. Voisey . Rev. Lee Jones Rev. Svverbreck B7 ... 9 ... 78 F.-Pendlebury B7 ... 8 ... 79 SECOND DIVISION. Gross sc. Hfrnd'p. Net sc. E. J. Hall. J. E. Births 93 ... 14 ... 79 H. A. Lester J. Murphy J. H. Clarke

===== 0002601_19090612_art0008.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
cZ 4

===== 0002601_19090612_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
The Exarainer, Saturday, June 12, 1909,

===== 0002601_19090612_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON'S HEALTH.

MEDICAL OFFICER'S REPORT DISCUSSED.

Should Warrington Have its Own Coroner?

One of the most important subjects. for discussion at the monthly meeting of the Warrington Town Council on Tuesday, was the annual report of the Medical Officer of Health, a summary of which appeared in last week's " Examiner." When the minutes of the Health Com- Mittee were submitted, Councillor HAWTHORN said he did not think that if members of the Council studied the report they would be well satisfied with the ssnitary coniitiens of the Borough. The mere fact that the death rate bad gone up a little during the year was rather disquieting, considerin,, the efforts they were making to keep it down. Last' week be nes looking at the mortality returns for this part of the country and he was rather surprised to find that War- rington bad the highest death rate of any borough in the district. There was no doubt that Warrington was suffering from the terrible legacies which had been left to it—old buildings, noisome alleys and courts which required demolition—and the progress the Council had made in the work of demolition had not been as rapid as many of them would wish. Only that night he passed a row of houses on Heath-s'de ehieh, to say the least, were an eyesore and not altogether cre litable to the Corporation as sanitary houses. With regard to the defects pointed out by the medical officer, as to the pail closet systna, that was a matter which ought to be taken up at mice. They would not reduce the &alit-rate until they attended to these s.nitary defects and he hoped the chairman of the Health Committee would hurry on those who were a little delinquent in this respect. Alderman BENNETT referred to the horrible condition that some of the slums in the town were allowed to remain in. He WeS glad to find that slow as the progress had been, the Health Committee seemed to be increasingly alive to the necessities of the situation. The medical officer bad put his finger on the weak spots and his opinion seemed to coincide with the report of the official of the National Housing Reform Council. In spite of what bad been done, the conditions were anything but creditable to the Council. lie coald not sit doe's quietly end think of peer little children ding almost like flies in the slums of Warrington without feeling it was the absolute duty of every humane man and patriotic citizen to strain every nerve to find a remedy: While the members of the Council were laus hing, joking and enjoying themselves, these little children were dying day by day and hour by hour. The aldsrman proceeded to discourse upon the smoke nuisance, stating that the llealth Committee appeared to be realizing their obligations in the matter, as a oonsiderable number of observation—though not nearly as many as there ought to have been—had been taken. The. nuisance, however, was still very great and alarming, and the blight was gradually extending even to the environs of the town. He appealed to the manufacturers, in the friendliest spirit, to introduce proper appliances and if possible not only to lessen the dolauk smoke nuisance, but to deal with the noxious gases which were even more injurious. He was afraid that one of his particular models in regard to the question of smoke abatement. was at present not quite carrying out its high reputa- tion in the matter. Alderman Bennett concluded by instancing the Case of Messrs. Bibby of Liverpool, who estimated that by the adoption of improved equipment they wore saving £5,000 a your, as well as doing away with the emission of black smoke. Councillor Dr. JOSEPH said there was something very discouraging in the death rate being higher, but there was one encouraging feature, and that was the mild character of the scarlet fever. He remembered when he came to Warrington, during the first seven years that he was medical officer of health, it was an exceedingly rare thing for them to get mild cases. The majority of them were rralignant, but now-a-days it was just as rare to get malignant cases. That was no doubt due to the improvement in the sanitary condi- tions. He was sorry to say there was a, tendency for diphtheria and typhoid to crop up—and especially diphtheria—and it they could only hit on the right nail to stamp out these most potent, virulent and treacherous diseases of the infectious type; then they do a great deal to lower the death rate. Another very important point was the infantile death rate, and that brought him to consider the uncertified deaths, which were over 4 per cent. Warrington had an unenviable notoriety in the country for that class of deaths. He would like to see that remedied and he had thought about it many times, but he did not •see any cure for it except by having a local coioner. As long as they Lad a coroner living at a distance with a wide district in which he had to hold many inquests during the dey, they could not expect anything better. It was a well-known thing all over the couutryamongst coroners and others associated with inquiries into death that that nothing deterred people who neglected their cbildren— sometimes wilfully and criminally— SQ much f.'s the hAd- ing of an inquest in every case where was anything like a shadow of suspicion. That could never be done, so long as we had not a coroner of our own, and the time had come when a town of the size of Warrington should have a coroaer.

Councillor FULTON SMITH said it seemed to give peculiar satisfaction to some people to have a fling at Warrington. At a meeting not long since it was painted blacker than sin and the people who did that came from a town worse than Warrington. As to the smoke nu'sance, they had been deluged with printed matter about fuel economy and smoke ernission,and the firm with which he was connected hal spent hundreds of pounds in following some of these will-o-Ure-vvisps, withoutany SIICCf*S. The first substantial recommend- ation they I ad had arising from the discussion on the medical officer's report was ths idea of having a coroner for Warrington. That was a subject that the Council should take up very strongly. lie would like to call attention to insanitary buildings that were going up, not in Warrington but in the immediate suburbs. People went into houses Lefore they were ready to be occupied. They were both of old materials and were not dry before pin them. The Corporation was entitled re sleepingedwteomakerepresentations to the Local Govern- ment Board calling special attention to this evil that was menacing Warrington. It was ne easy thing foaa medical officer to go about condemning property here and there in Warrington. Some credit should be given to him for reduc:ng slum property as quickly as possible, but what good were hes efforts if they were not going to he supported by preventing the mischief that was going on outside the barough ? Councillor Wlrmsos said they did not want to see no smoke, because that would mean no work. Their object was to minimise the smoke nuisance, and for the ordinary raising of steam the mechanical stoksra could be used. If anyone wished to see an example of what could be done, they had ono in the Electricity Works where the sav:ng in fuel consumption in the first twelve months paid for the new appliances. Alderman BOLTON said that when a multitude of experts began to talk about what they did not under- stand and to give the medical officer advice as to how to do hie own business, he thought it was time the Council ceased to twaddle and let those who under- stood the business carry it out. (Hear, hear and laughter). Alderman BURTON maintained that theleading manrat- facturers of Warrington knew their busincas as well as anyone in the country, and if they could abate the smoke nuisance they would do so. The Health Com- inittee, he believed, were doing all they possibly could in various ways to minimise the smoke nuisance and to improve the health of the town. Alderman SMETHURST also referred to the suceess of the efforts put forth at the Electricity Works to economise fuel and abate the smoke nu!s ince. Ile believed Wilderspool Brewery had now adopted success- . ful methods for the same purpcse and that machinery was being put down at Whitecross to deal with the boilers which caused the greates smoke-output. Councillor AV. B. Roman's said that mechanical stokers had been adopted at Wilderspool and, in addition to doing away with the smoke : from the particular part of the works dealt with, they were now ' burning slack instead of coal. Councillor PEMBERTON said that could not apply to every trade. The great evil in Warrington was not smoke, nor even the size of the dwellings, but to a great extent it was the habits of the people. Did any- one wonder atrthe high infantile mortality, when they saw bow zone mot herd treated themselves and their children. A child nine months old had been fed on haddock. As to the demolition of insanitary property, if new houses were built at higher rents it would mean that two families would have to live in one dwelling. The real question to consider was the wages question. As to Councillor Fulton-Smith's remarks, the bye-laws of the Runcorn Rural District Council were even more stringent than those of the Warrington Corporation. Sufficient credit was not given to the Paving and Sewerage Committee for the progress that was being made in the paving of streets. They were proceeding with that work at such a rate that the pro- perty owners were crying out, and he had great sympathy with many of them. At the same time, the streets could not be left unpaved. The private street works undertaken during the past few years had cost £95,000 and at the present time they had the sanction of the Local Gove:nment Board for .£24,000 worth. He believed no house ought to be built until the street was channelled and paved, but at present there was no law to that effect. Alderman JAMES Evaers said that with regard to the smoke nuisance, on a more recent visitation it was found that no offender, save one, was exceeding the time allowed by half a minute. The inspectors were doing the best they could, and he (Alderman Evans) as chairman of the Health Committee, bad thought it his duty not to be in a hurry about menacing manufacturers who had enough to deal with, without being hampered and humbugged in the Police Court. The housing problem WLS a difficult one. The Council had before it now a list of eleven houses which it was sought to close. Councillor Pemberton had touched the crux of the question. If the small

===== 0002601_19090612_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
LBy Redcap,l

POULTRY FOR EXHIBITION.

(Conanue(l,) FAKING.

Last week in the latter part of my artiele I just touched upon the practice of " Faking", exhibition specimens. Sometimes a novice is ignorantly guilty of so doing and to avoid same I propose giving a few details on this subject. It will be better first of all to understand what" Faking" in show. birds really means. To add to, or to take from, practically implies the real meaning, • So do not 'misunderstand if, when certain methods of improving the appear- ance of a bird are recommended that you would be guilty of" Faking," for such is not the case as we snail see as I proceed. Suppose you have a Minorca cockerel with a well serrated comb but it does not stand erect (generally so when the base of the comb is weak). In such a case it would be quite legitimate to use a comb-guard (a wire structure made to hold the .comb erect) to improve or rather, I should say that it would be necessary to do so if your bird was to stand a chance" of winning at all. But this could not be .called an improper practice. On the other hand suppose your bird had a comb which did stand erect but was deficient in serrations then, to artificially make one by cutting would be wrong, and would amount to "Faking." 'Again, removing "side sprigs " is against the rules. These are small side growths on the -comb and are -detrimental to the appearance of the bird. - Dyeing the feathers, colouring the legs, drawing superfluous feathers, trimming, all come under the heading of "faking" and I recommend my readers to refrain from such practices. If you do not happen to breed a few good ones the first season try again, and las your knowledge grows with experi- ence the honiours will duly come your _way. But whatever you do show them straight. You may ask then what to do with birds that are unfit for show purposes save only "faking ?" It does not always mean' that such birds are absolutely unfit for showing. Many a bird has won a prize with 'comb over' or even one With bad 'serrations in the comb. When it is a qUestion of doubt with you, and it almost seems not worth the entrance fee and your stock is not a large one. then I should not advise you to exhibit so doubtful a bird. Keep it in reserve for stock purposes. It will be opportune at this juncture to remind our readers that the dubbing of game fowls is recognised by the Poultry Club, and does not there- fore come under the heading of " Faking." Opinion on the

DUBBING

of Game fowls is divided and I suppose will remain so; but at the same tune while I-admit that it causes temporary pain, it certainly -adds to the appearance of the Game fowl as an exhibition bird. To those who, might have selected this variety as their choice a little advice on dubbing will be useful. I would not recommend you to experiment on a good specimen. You could practice operations on any fowl not -intended for either stock or show purposes until you .become efficient. The comb and wattles are best taken of wheri the cockerels are about 4 months old and this should be done with a proper pair of dubbing -scissors made and sold Specially for the purpose. The comb should first be removed with one clear cut from the back to front and after bathing in warm water place-. the bird in a warm pen away from the others until- the cut is healed. About a month after you could then remove the wattles in the same *ay but be careful not to cut too deep. Feed the birds well while thus penned up for they need good nourishing food to make up the loss of stamina caused through bleeding, If at all possible you should, before experimenting see a bird dubbed. This would be worth your while and very naturally assist you in acquiring correct methods. In fact it should be enforced that no one be allowed to dub ' a bird without such experience because it would ininimise pain if done after the manner adopted by experienced men. Some people are very much prejudiced against the dubbing of fowls. and I have already admitted that it causes pain to a certain extent, I can at the same time say something in its favour. In very severe and frosty weather it is against the comfort of fowls to have their combs frost-bitten,. and this frequently happens •in the North of England, and many a bird has been the victim of dubbing as a consequence. lam not pleading that all fowls should be dubbed because of this, but only to show that while the operation is a painful one, it often adds to the general comfort of the fowls afterwards. I have now said sufficient to show you what is, and what is not, ".Fling." There are other tricks of the ' Fancy which I think ought to be explained outside the question of actually tampering with the bird. The (1 • e, most serious one I think is that of marking the show pens in some way. If I relate a certain incident it would best explain my object. When visiting a large show in the North of England a few years ago, I was privileged by being admitted into the show while the birds Were being penned before judging. When the penning was completed I casually. observed each separate pen,and I noticed that the floor of each pen was covered with' short straw litter as is generally if not always the case. But on going round I also noticed that several pens had a good handful of hay as well as the litter supplied: by the authorities. I made a special note of the "pen number and on my second visit after judging was over I was not surprised to find that the occupants of the market pens had shared well in the prize list. It is needless for me to explain further. Sometimes a handful of oyster-shell grit is scattered in the pen, and other methods are adopted to make a distinction. This kind of thing is very detrimental to the growth' of the Fancy and while it is not for me to lecture in general, I -would strongly advise my readers to- boyeot such an exhibitor, and also make a special note of the judge when such instance occur. The absolute unfair- ness comes in when fanciers send their birds many miles to compete, while other more fortunate ones can travel with them and pen them at the show. A rather fierce controversy in the poultry press some years ago has done a lot to reduce such mean practices, and.l am hopeful of a better state of things in - the future. Fanciers iii general have need to thank the Press for a wide liberty in this direction, for it has done much to purify the tone.of the poultry fancy. And now a word on how to understand the different

===== 0002601_19090612_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
COLOURS AND TYPES

of exhibition birds. It is impossible for you to keep very many varieties. At the same time you would like to understand what other varieties than your own are like. Theret,re I would advise you to obtain a coloured plate of each variety, or at least one each of the principal exhibition breeds., I would be glad to give information to any of my readers how to obtain tnese. You would always find such plates handy for reference and also for comparing notes when reading the reports of shows. All such details help you in fixing ideas and widening your knowledge in general on the subject of exhibition poultry. I feel that I must now conclude the subject on exhibition and give place to some remarks on utility, as this season of the year demands the attention of the "market man." Ther- efore I shall write on the " Goose " next week for, white it must be very exhilarating to lift a " cup " at the Dairy Show or the Palace, to carve the leg of a goose is often a fascinating occupation.

CUCKOO-SPIT.

This, according to "Gardening Illustrated," is formed by the larym of the common froghoppar (Aprophora spumaria). When in large numbers on the plant they cause a great deal of damage, as the amount i of sap they extract s very considerable, for they not only draw off enough to feed them.selves. but also to supply the froth, which must be continually evaporat- ing. The easiest way to destroy them is to carefully go dyer the plants, take them off with n small,4iflish brush, like a shaving-brush, washing this every new and hen in a little water.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0013.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
E=M

===== 0002601_19090612_art0014.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
BAK

===== 0002601_19090612_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
461N0P about PATENTS" fiteLBOOKLET post free !coin JOHN G. WILSON & 4 ehartered Ratent Agents. -"T-laplcet St., Manchester

•

===== 0002601_19090612_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
rie, POWDER

WEST LANCASHIRE LEAGUE.

WARRINGTON v. Sr. HELENS.—Thess teams met at St. Helens on Saturday, the match resufting in a (limy'. Scores :

ST. HELENS. 'WARRINGTON. S. G. Urnison run qut 1 J. Callon b Heaton ... 10 Holden lbw b Callon 3 T. Wright c Hunter b J. Mali° b Cresswell l2 Heaton 25 Rev. E. T. Hunter e J.y,Bainbridge lbw b

Cresswell bH. Callon 7 Holden . L. Hammill c Pearson b W. 11. Podmore b Cresswell Rev. J. H. Watt not out 16 S. Partridge run out l6 W. Hewitt c Duckworth J. W. Pearson c Hunter b H. Callon - 4 A. Crompton b Cresswell C Cresswell b Holden 1 G. Hyde c Duckworth b W. Richardson not out 2 Creswell lO H. Silcock, H. Callon P. A. Morris bH. Callon and A. Duckworth F. Heaton bH. Callon 0 did not bat. Extras

Total 67 Total (for 7 wkts) 61 BOWLING ANALYSIS. ST. HELENS. WARRINGTON. 0. M. R. W. 0. M. R. W. Cresswel 1 H. Callon W. H. Podmore 2 0 3 0

===== 0002601_19090612_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE.

CHEsHIRF. LINES ENGINEERS V. WHITECROSS RECREATION.—At Battersby-lace. Scores :

-IVIIITEC ROSS. Maybury o Povey b

ENGINEERS. Duckworth cs Hutchin-

, . . Monks - 28 son b Jones 4l Jones b McKay 1 W. Hill b Jones 4 Hutchinson b McKay ... 0 Plinston b Jones 1 Parr b Monks Barrow lbw b Monks 2 Woods c Jonesbßarrow 1 Barton b Hulme 0 Monks b Barrow l9 Wright b Monks 0 Povey c and b Barrow 8 Walsh not out 7 Hulme b Barrow 2 Beaton b Monks 8 McKay b Barrow Arnold lbw b Monks 0 A. Hill not out Whittaker b Monks Extras 3 Extras 9

Total 55

Total 107

ST. JAMES' V. LATCHFORD BAPTISTS. —Played 011 the ground of the former in wet weather and resulted in an easy win for the champions. Score : LATCHFORD. ST. JAMES. . A. Walker b Holt 8 .T. F. Foster not out ... 10 W. Bennett c Hackney b C. Holt not out .. 29 Holt 9 J. H. Constable, G. H. J. Cox c Cartwright b Ingram, J. liallam,P. Hallam 0 Knight., F. Tole, 0. J. Hunt c Knight b Holt 1 Hackney, A. Green, A. Fletcher b Hallam R. Gifford b Hallam 1 Booth, did not bat. E. Harris b Holt H. Parker not out W. Grounds b Hallam L. Walker b Hallam 3 P. Grice b Hallam 4 Extras

Extras

Total 4l TotAl (for no Witt) 42 WALKERS' BREWERY V. " GUARDIAN " OFFICE.— Played at Arpley on r.,aturday. Scores : GUARDIAN OFFICE. WALKERS' BREWERY.

FT. Bloor lbw b Rylanee 3 A.RosseClarkebßorrell 1 E. Brown run out 1 C. Turner e & b Clarke 10 C. Burrell st Woods b E. Allen b Clarke Ashton l5 G. Crozier lbw b Clarke 1 11 Sankey b Alten 4 R. Woods e Clarke b

IL Ditcl'qeld c Leigh b Burrell Allen 2O I. Turner not out D. Clarke b A 'len F. Flood b Allen 0 B. Price b Burrell 6 W. Cotterill b Ashton ... 0 W. Ashton not out 2 H. Hipkiss b Ashton 0 W. ltylance c Brown J. Podmore not out -

b Ulaika W.Clayton did not bat Extras

Extras

Total 5l Total (for 3 wkts) ... 55

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT JUNIOR LEAGUE. ORFORD V.RYLANDS 2No.—Played at the Recreation Ground on Saturday. Jolley took 6 wickets for 10 runs and Williams 6 wickets for 11 ruus. Scores :

RYLANDS. ORFORD. Clarke b Jolley Brandwood b Leigh Alannion c aod b Jolley 0 P. Ashcf oft b Williams 8 Carr c A. Clare b Leigh 0 J. Beunett b Williams 5 Carter b Jolley Williams b Jolley Athroft b Bramhall Hardman b Jolley 1 W. B. Jolley c Adcroft Welsby b Jolley 0 - b Carter 1 G-arritynot out • 8 ••J• L Millett c Hardman Griffiths b 13ramhall

b WiUldins W. E. Altman c and b Carter W. Bed!llan b Williams 1 G. F. Greaves not out 1 Extras

Extras 1

Total 39

Total 4l

SANKEY V. HOLY TRINITY.--Played at Arpley on Saturday in wet wc-ither. Scores :—.. --

- SANKEY. HOLY TRINITY. S. Bingham run out ' 2 Harding b Webb 2 H. Daintitn run out E. Fonder b Carman 2 Fleming c and b Webb 1 A. Webb b Callum' 0 Ailybury c Hewitt b .

A. Corradine b Carman... 2 Webb' 4 D. Hewitt b Ca.rmsn 9 Worthington c Hayt-s EL Wright c Harding b b Foster Carman 2 Holbrook b Foster .... 0

G. Hill run out

S. ilayes b Fleming W. Hatton. b Carnian...... 1 Lomas b Web" 4 S. Parkes not out Plinston not out.. 5 Johnston c Hewitt b Webb Extras

Extras

Total 46

Total 35

APPLETON AND STRETTON V. HoWLFX.—At Appleton. This match ended in a viet3ry for the home team by a wicket and on run. Scores :

HOW LEY. APPLETON AND ST R ETTON. Warburton o RuEhton b Rushton cJ. Ditchfield Fletcher . . Woodhouse b Fletcher ... 4 James Lloyd b Gifford 7 Caldwell b John Lloyd..: 6 Whitfield b Ditchfield 9 Gifford h Lloyd 6 John Lloyd b Gifford 0 J. Ditchfie:d b Fletcher 1 Fletcher b GifTord 7 Miller c Lloyd b Fletcher 8 Isherwood run out 4 Afar•ball c Rushton b Perrins b Ditchford .„ 9

Lloyd 2 Mynekyme c Marshall Dennea b Lloyd Ditchfield b Lloyd 0 Swinton not out Clarke not out Extras

Total 3l TotA (for 9 wkts) 32

FRT.ENDLY MATCHES.

WARRINGTON ADULT SCHOOL V. P AND K. C.C.— Played at Longford. Scores:—

ADULT SCHOOL. P. AND K. NV. H. Philips b H. Mason b Connor 0 Humphrieg T.Connor bELHumphries 2 Rogers b Connor l6 Joe Walker bT. Flear ... 0 Johnson c sub bConnor 15 C. T. Cox c&b T. Flear 2 Foulkes c and b Potter 2 H. Gilbert c Savage b Corlers b Connor Humphries J. Maim run out 5 Hall c and b Potter ... 2 A. Walker b T.FleLr 0 Flear c sub b Connor 0 .1. Hewitt run out. 0 Bibby not out T. Potter b Humphries... 8 Flear c Corlor bC. T G. Spilling b Elumphries 3 Cox 0 Sub not out 5 Extras

Extras

Total -16

Total

L ATCII FOR D BAPTISTS V. MA RBURY.—A t Latch f 0 rd. Score.—

LATCHFORD. M A REM: Y. E. Cliff.) b Alcock T. Dixon b Alcock 2l A. Lever b Cliffe .1. Cox b Thomas T. Albinson b Thomas J.-11. Wilkinson b Alcock 4 T. Hallows b Cliffe H. Downes b Thomas ... 0 .1. Flanderson b Cliffe 1 J. St6well b Alcock W. J. Ha 3 03 lbw h Alcock 17 T. Hayes b Cliffe J. Marshall not out IL Wright run out 0 T. Cowap b Cliffe A. Albicson c Hallows h T. Taylor b Cox o Lever l3 Extra.

Extras 9

Total f

Total 3O

COMMERCIAL FAlLURES.—According to Kernps Mercantile Gazette, the total number of Commercial Failures recorded in England and Wales during the week ending Friday, June 4th, was 115, viz. :—New Bankruptcy Proceedings published in the London Gazette, 50; Deeds of Arrangement regtstered, 65. The respective numbers in tbc corresponding week of last year were: Bankruptcies, 81; Deeds of Arrange- ment, 81—Total 162; teing an increase of 47. The total number of Commercial Failures recorded during the 23 weeks of the present year is 3,585 the total number recorded in the corresponding 23 weeks' of last year was 3,839, showing a decreas3 of 254.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

WARRINGTON WORIi.S ASSOCIATION.

Saturday saw the completion of the first round in connection with the Works Association, the following games being played : ORFORD TANNERY NO. 1. RICIIIIOND'S. Handicap 10. Handicap 20. - J. Rowlands J. Andrews l3 T. Cooper l5. M. Cunningham 0 P. Antrobus, w.o. M. Joslsn 5 N. Fielding- l5 I. Makin (c tpt.) 6 P. Hankinson C. Povey 7 R. Bennett (capt) -...... 15 J. Skelhorne J. Melborne 0 W. Rigby, w.o l5 __ __ . _ _

- - J. Povey - 15 B. Nailt,r. l5 W. Richardson W. Skelhorne W. Andrews 0 J. Smith w.o.

• 106 189 Majority for Riehmonds, 33. HYLANDS' NO. 1. PENKETH TANNERY. Hand'eap, Sc. Handieao, 10. J. Shaw l5 Jeff Bowyer 6 H. tfaslam A. Stringer l3 H. Bowser F. Miller l5 J. Atkinson l3 R. Savory l5 J. Lloyd W. Hill H. Holbrook (capt.) 7 T. Grtson l5 T. Humphries l5 J. Higham 1 E. Blackledge l5 W Gouiden l3 G. Shaw R. Knight 6 Joseph Bowyer T. Newton

153 ALijority for Ityluni's No. 1, 5.

. .. CA _ STLE RUBBER. ARMITAGE AND RIGBY. lianJicap 30. Handicap 10. P. Green • 0 IL Tavlin (walk over) 15 T. O'Brien (capt.) A. Summedleld A. Field ll 11 Savory... l5 IL James 6 J Firth J. F _ 15 ._

H. Charnock J. Eaton A.Burdett _ _ .

11. Fairbrother - - 8 F. Ryan l3 C. North J. Waring 5 S.,Riley l5 IL Williams 2 P. Lawless

122 180 Majority for Armitage and Rigby, 58. SECOND ROUND. , The following is a draw in the second round : H'cap. H'cap. Ryland's Square Mill ... 25 Corporation 5 Mersey White Lead 25 Fletcher's No. 1 2 The following have byes :—Longford No. 2, Cheshire Lines, Fletcher's No. 3, Monks Hall No. 2, Ryland's Engineers, Cro,tield*s No. 1, L. am! N.-W., Crosfleld's No. 2, Longford No. 1, Whitecross, Ryland's No. 1, Richmond's Monks Hall No. 1, Armitage and Rig l y's.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
THIRD ROUND.

Cheshi-e Unes Arn;itage and Rigby's lO Ryland's Engineers l5 Fletcher's No. 3 3O Monks Hall No. 1 Itylands' No.l Wtecross (winne-rs 190 S) Sr L. & N.-W. (r's up,1008) Sr Richmond's Corporation or 5 Llngford No. 1 Rclands' Sq. Mill 95 Fletchers' No. lor ... 5 Ciosfield's No. 1

===== 0002601_19090612_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
MATCHES FOR TO-DAY.

The following games will be played on Saturday : Second Round.

li'cap. Rylani's Sq. Mill 25 Corporation ...% 5 Third Round.

H'cap. Ircap. Cheshire Lines Armitage and Rigby's ... 10 Rylandi' Engineers Fletcher's No. 3 The following will officiate :—Referee, Mr. W. Simister ; wisistant referee, Mr. W. Randles ; and gate- keeper, Mr. G. Tynan. COUNTY INDIVIDUAL CIIAMPIONSHIP.

The contest for the Lancashire and Cheshire individual championship concluded on Mond ty on the Lloyd green, Chorlton-cu,n-Hardy, before a large attendance, and some interesyng play was witriesFe -1. In the final Glover started badly against Arnold, but after tii. latter bad led 8-4, the Leigh man drew level at 10, and going right away from 12 all won eisily by eight points, thus equalling the performances of J. Williamson and J. C. Howe in winning twice. Results :--

FOURTH ROUND. T. Glover, Leigh Itrway. 21 H. Itarrison,Leigh Ry. 18 J. Lewthmaite, Lloyds 21 J. Fairhurst, Chorlton 12 J. Gleave, Warrington 21 G.Drinkwater,Didsb'ry 15 11. Arnold, Didsbury 2l T. Dutton, Bowdon ... 13 It. Coniston, Lloyds 2l W. Kirkham, Trlam ll C. Paxton, Chnriton 2l A. H. Parker, Kersal:... 16 The following had byes: E. Oxon, Lloyds; E. Knowles, Urmston ; T. B. Burgess, Winnington Park; W. Morris, Didsbury ; J. Bedworth, Warrington B.H. J. Brooks, Cadishead ; R. J. Antwiss. Albion ; J. Valentine, jun., Stretford ; and H. Cheetham, Lloyds.

Finn ROUND. J. Antwis, Albirn T B Burgess, %Vinningt'n 21 J. Lewthwaite, Lloyds 12 FL Arnold, Didsbury 2l R. Coniston, Lloyds ... 10 J. Gleare, Warrington J. Bedwoetb, Warriugtnn 21 %V. Morris, Didsbury... 7 E. Knowles, Unnston V. 21 C. Paxton, Chorley ... 6 T. Glover,Leigh Railway 21 D. Robertson, Lloyds 20 J. Brooks, Catlishead 2l H. Cheetham, Lloyds 19

six'rii ROUND. Gleave. 'Warrington ... 21 J. Antwiss, Albion ll H. Arnold, Didsbury...... 21 E Knowles, Minion V 12 J. Brooks, Cadishead 2l J. Bedwortb, AA"gton... 16 T. Glover, Leigh Rly. - T. B. Burgess,Winn'ton 13

SEMI-FINAL. Arnold, Didsbury 2l J. Brook,-; Gtdisbend ... 1$ T. Glover, Leigh fly. FINAL.

T. Glover, Leigh. Railway. 1 1 0 0 0 1 0 0101201110222201 2-11 11. Arnold, Dids',ury.

00 1 2 1 01 1 O 200 20 00 20 0 0 0 1 0 0-13 LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE BEAT STAFFORDSHIRE.

The first county match of the season, under the auspices of the Crown Green Association, was played on the Roebuck's Green, Flixton, on Sat urd,ty, when the champion counties met St dfordshire. Strong teams were placed in the field by both associations. Unfortu- nately the weather broke up in the morning, and the green was on the soft side. Lancashire and Cheshire eventually won by 82 points. Det ills -- LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE. STAFFORDSHIRE.

.1. W. G. Coombs, Roeb'k 21 H. Newton, Tetttldiall 15 NV. Smith, Belmont W. Leyland, Wigan Gleave, Warrington l4 W.Taylor, Wood Green 21 11. lolison, Withins G. Drinkwater,Didsbury 21 W. Pugh. Heath Town 14 S, Sackville, Swinton C. Smith, Roebuck l7 L. Banks, Falcon 2l J. 11Davenport, Belmont 21 10, Pickering,Falcon l6 J. Fairhurst, Chorlton ... 21 F.llollins,Nocchampen 16 .1. Codling, George 2l F. Adams, Oak House 16 H. Thommon, Knutsford 17 W.Baker, Oaklands 2l J.Grundy,Leigh Railway 21 F. Mason, Pyle Cock l9 P. Talbot, N.-le-Willows 21 W. Baker, oa,klands l9 A. Scott, Warrington ... 21 0. Nicholls,Wednesfleld T.Burcess,WinningtonP. 21 3.Picken,Willenhall C. 13 T. Ellison, Warrington 21 E. Adey, Wednedleld 5 H. Arnold, Didsbury ... 10 W.Milner, Dunrobin M'Cormick, N.-le-Wil. 21 T. Buck, Falcon ......20 T.Glover,Leigh Railway 21 A. Tonks, Willenlmil T. 14 G. Burnoll, Unsworth 21 H. Bennett, Willenhall 15 H. Connolly, Roebuck ... 21 H. Forrester, Dunrobin A. Gleave, Warrington 21 J. Male, Bilston G. Corner, Victoria l9 B. Peers, We.neefielci 21

467 385 Majority for Lancashire and Cheshire, 82.

LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE ASSOCIATION. DRAW FOR THE THIRD ROUND.

After the county match with Staffordshire at Roe- buck Hotel, Vlixton, en Saturday, the council met to make the draws for the third round in the champion- ship, consolation and second teams. The Deputy Presi- dent, Mr. J. W. G. Coombs, occupied the chair. The games ate to be played to-day.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
CIIAMPIONSUIP.-TF1IIt1) ROUND.

Kei sal Moor v. Knot sford, at Griffin, Bowdon. Chorlton 13,-)wling Green v. Prestwich George, at Swinton Liberal.

Warrington Cemetery v. Eccles Cross Keys, at Wigtn Subscription. Roebuck v. Harpurhey, at Prestwich George. Leigh Limited v. Carter's Arms. Sale, at Nag's Head, Croft's 13..nk.

Byes: Leigh Railway, Griffin (Bowdon) and Newton le-Willows. SECOND TEAM COMPETITION.—SECOND ROUND.

Kersal Moor v. Radcliffe Withins, at Lower Broughton Ltd. Warringt,n Cemetery v. Wigan Subscription,. at New to n-le-Wi Bows. Pendleton Belmont v. Winnington Park,at linutsford. Trafford Friday v. Swinton Liberal, at Irlams-o'-tif- ight. llentley Green Dragon v. Leigh Railway, at Stretford Angel. Byes: Swinton Social, Whitefield, and Warrington Bull's Head.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
FRIENDLY MATCIL

RUNCORN V. WARRINGTON JUNIOR CONSERVATIVES.— Played at the Bridge Hotel, Runcorn, on Satlrday. Sores

. RuNconN. WARRINGTON. T. Richard:on H. Treadwell H. Ft' rmAr W. Ff I"per ..

W. Lee l5 W. Warburton .. l2

.. J.Lightfoot l5 R Whitley F. Rowis . l5 J. Bate J.Probert l5 J. Monks C. Pye W. Worthington a thrrison E. Leo

IEO , . • 122 After the game the players were entertained to tea and a very enje3able afternoon was spent.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES, ETC.

Cricket.

Saturday was a poor day for cricketers, and the heavy rain caused the abandonment of a number of local matches. Warrington were able to play their League match with St. Helens at the glass and pill' centre, although in the early part of the afternoon the prospects of play were remote. However, there was an Improvement towards five o'clock and it was decided to go on with the match. With such a short time at the disposal of the players, the chances of a definite result were practically nil, and although Warrington made a brave and even brilliant attempt to win, they had to be content with a very creditable draw.

St. Helens had first turn at the wicket and their innings, which occupied an hour and forty minutes, realized 67. There was nothing particularly striking about their performance, the bowlers having the advantage, and the top score was that of the Rev. J. H. Watt who carried out his bat with 16 to his credit. Warrington had an hour in which to record a victory, aud they made the best use of their time, but with all their strenuous efforts they_could not get ahead, and when 7.30 arrived the total was 61 for seven wickets. The Warringtonians are deserving of congratulations on their plucky fight. and it was disappointing to finish with only six in arrears. T. Wright was in fine form and by hard hitting knocked up a very acceptable 25.

The Warrington bowling was chiefly shared by Cresswell and H. Callon who. captured 4 wickets for 19 runs and 5 wickets for 36 runs respectively:

The other League matches which had been arranged between Newton and Prescot first and second elevens were abandoned through rain.

The following are the League tables up-to-date : FIRST DIVISION.

Club. P. W. L. D. Pts. Present Warrington St. He!ens Rees. Earlestown St. Helens 3 ... 0 ... 2 ... 1 ... 1 Newton 4 ... 0 ... 3 ... 1 ... 1

===== 0002601_19090612_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
SECOND DIVISION.

St. Helens Rees Warrington Prescot E 4 rlestown St. Helens Newton 4 ... 0 ... 3 ... 1 ... 1

In the Warrington and District Leagte St. James's, the champions, registered a remarkably easy victory at the expense ot Latchford Baptists. Dismissing their opponents for 4) , the Saints succeeded in pass- ing that total with not a single wicket down, C. bolt (29 not out) givinga splendid batting display. -

Cheshire Lines Engineers had also little difficulty in triumphing over Whitecross, the majority machine, the substantial figure of 52. J. Duckworth wielded the willow in splendid style and placed 41 to his credit.

• Walker's Brewery accounted for the "Guardian" Office by a margin of 4, with 2 wickets to spare. Low scoring was the rule, 11. Ditchfield, who made 20 for the printers, being the most successful batsman. L. Turner compilel a capital 13 not out for the victors.

In the Warrington and District Junior League there was an exciting contest between Orford and Itylands 2nd, the villagers running out winners by only two runs. ' Jolley captured 6 wickets for 10 runs and Williams 6 wickets for 11 runs. ,

Holy Trinity met more than their match in Sankey, who had the satisfaction of winning by 11 runs. The batting generally was "very tame, 11. Daintith (13) being the only player to reach double figures.

Appleton and Stretton accounted for Howley by a wicket and one run, and the batsmen in this match also had thb worst of matters, not a single player attaining double numbers.

A friendly match between St. Paul's choir and the Gospel Hall resulted in a win for the former by 26 runs, W. Hare batting very creditably for his 26.

Latchford Baptists trounced Marbury who only put up 30 against the Baptists' 95. J. Marshall (28 not out), T. Dixon (21), W. J. Hayes (17), and A. Albinson (13) gave fine batting displays.

The match between the Warrington Adult School and P. and K. was very keenly contested, the school eleven being victorious by 5 runs. It was rather curious that on the winning side the highest figure was "Extras 10." Rogers (16) and Johnson (15) did good work for P. and K.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
Bowling.

Local bowlers will be gratified at the success of Lancashire and Cheshire, the holders of the British Crown Green Association • Championship, who won their first county match of the season at Flixton on Saturday, beating, Staffordshire by -82 points. The Lancashire and Cheshire captain, J. W. G. Coombs, retained his unbeaten record, scoring over the Stafford- shire captain by 6 points. Three Warrington players —A. Crleave, T. Ellison and A. Scott—won rather easily Although credited with victory the Lancashire and Cheshire Association had last season's majority reduced from 145 to 82.

Monday saw the close of the 20th individual merit competition in connection with the L. and C. Associa- tion. We are sorry that the honour has --riot come to Warrington this year, but J. Weave, of . Warrington, made a plucky fight and was only knocked out in the semi-final. The green at Chorlton was in good condi- tion and a fair number of spectators were present when , the final stages Were reached. In the semi- finals Arnold and Brooks played a much better game than did Glover and Gleave. Atnold, especially on the short length, was a treat to watch, and Brooks had to keep on playing through. ' He had hard lines on two or three occasions, but the Didsbury representa- tive fully deserved the honour of competing in the final. J. Weave went well away from Glover, and -once led 13-7. Then Glover had a run of 12, and eventually Won 21-14. The final therefore lay between T. Glover and 11. Arnold, and, an interesting contest it proved. At the 18th end they were 'l2 all: It was at this point that Glover showed his best form. The Leigh lad bowled some splendid woods on a most peculiar mark. and went to 18-12 and secured the L. and 0. Championship for the second time by 12-13. This is the fifth time he has appeared in the final, and, he has also won the Manchester and District Individual Merit. . .

The most keenly contested game in the match of the Works Bowling* Competition on, Saturday was that bet Ween llylands No. 1 (sc.) and Penketh Tannery (10), the former only winning by 5 points.

The contest between J. Lloyd (Penketb) and R. Savory (Itylands) was a very interesting one, the players being very evenly matched. Their figures mounted steadily up, and they peeled at 10. - Savory got another 3, but before he could score any more his opponent raised his figures to 14. However, Salrory equalled his figures but was not successful, for his opponent with the next wood secured the required number. Another good match was provided by H. Bowyer (Penketh) and A. Stringer (Rylands). The Penketh trundler's figures stood at 11 to Stringer's six, but Stringer by a fine effort peeled with him at 11. Bowyer got two more, and a moment or two later -his opponent drew level with him. However, the Penketh man reached the top score, to the delight of his supporters. .

That the match between Castle Rubber (30) and Armitage and Rigby (10) was strikingly evident. The contest resulted in a win for the former by 58 points. It is only fair to state that W. Tavlin for Armitage and Rigby had a walk-over, but for the most part the play of the Castle Rubber was but poor. For the losers the Captain F. O'Brien displayed considerable ability. His opponent W. Rostern was level with him at 9, but he eventually won by a majority of 3.

Rielnitonds had an invaluable advantage over Orford

Tannery No. I, at the commencement by 55 points, which consisted of three walk-overs and handicap of 20 to Orford's handicap of 10. J. Cooper (Richmond's) and J. Andrews (Orford) provided some interesting play. Cooper led by 15-6 and they peeled out at 11 and again at 13. Cooper scored two more points and thus triumphed.

Another interesting game in the same match was that between B. Naylor (Richmonds). and J. Povey (Orford). Naylor gained 6 to his opponents 1, but Povey steadily pulled up reaching 5 before Naylor could register any more. However, Richmond's representative went on finely, making his total 11 to his contestant 5. Povey got another 2, and then Naylor added 1. In a few minutes they peeled at 12, and shortly afterwards the figures announced were Povey 15, Naylor 14.

A friendly match was played at Runcorn on Saturday between Runcorn B.C. and the Warrington Junior Conservatives. All the Runcorn players had top scores, winning by 180 to 122. '

===== 0002601_19090612_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS. Th 3 New Building Scheme. TENDER ACCEPTED.

The fortnightly meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians was held at the Workhouse on Wednesday, the Rev. T. R. Matthews presiding, There were also present :—Miss Broadbent., Al's. Simpson, Mrs. Coiling- wood, Rev. M. Ryan, Dr. Nfurray, Messrs. G. Mather, A. J. Jolle,v E. L. Bent, 3. Billinge. W. Gill, R. Bolton, R. Lee, W. Form, W. C. Brooks, P. Longton, W. Houghton, J. Cook, M. W. Seton, A., Brooks, R. Forshs.w, A. Bottomley (clerk), R. W.. Peacock (assistant clerk), J. F. Awbery (master) and A. Wright (superin- tendent of the Cottage Homes).

MR. G A TiNETT'S RESIGNATION. ALTERATION OF THE DISTRICTS.

Ata meeting of the Finance Committee a letter VMS read from Mr. T. .7. Garnett resigning his appointment as relieving officer of the No. 1 District and asking the Guardians when fixing his superannuation allowance to kindly take into consideration the extra work he has had to perform during the past two years both in regard to relief duties and the work put upon him by the Old Age Pension Act, with a view of adding a few years to his present completed service viz ,20 years. It was recommended that the Guardians place on record their high appreciation of the valued and faithful ser- vices rendered by Mr. Garnett as an officer of this Union extending over a period of 29A years. With regard to the superannuation allowance to be paid to Mr. Garnett, the committee consider that his applica- tion for a few years to be added to his present service is deserving of some consideration and they unani- mously recommend that a period of four years be added to his present service for the purpose of computing his superannuation allowance namely 33-COtla's of £lB2, making a yearly sum of £lOO 2e., to be due to him. With regard to the appointment of a successor,the com- mittee, having in mind the large number of persens residing in the present No.l Relief District who are in 'receipt of relief, and the large amount of work to be per- formed by the relieving officer, are of opinion that the duties cannot be satisfactorily performed by one officer and they recommend that thetnion be divided into four relief districts as follows :—No. 1 District to comprise Warrington Township ( ['own Hall Ward, St. John's Ward and Orford Ward) ; No. 2 District to comprise Haydock. Newton and Burtonwooa Townships ; No. 3 District to 'comprise Houghton, Middleton and Arbury, Poulton-with-Fearnh .ad, Rixton-with- Glezeibrook, Soutftworth-with-Crofr, Winwick-aith- Martinscroft, War, ington (Fairfield, Latchford and Howley Wards) ; No. 4 District to comprise Cuerdley, are tt Sankey, and Penketh' Warrington (St. Austin's, Whitecross and Bewsey Warcls). By this pro- posed alteration the boundaries of the relief districts will be co-terminous with the municipal ward boundaries within the county barou:h and, as near as.possible, the population in each relief district will be equalised. The Committee recommend that the office used by Mr. Garnett at the Workhouse be used in future as the relief office for the proposed No. 4 district and that a room in the clerk's offi .o at Bewsey Chambers be us.el as a relief office for the proposed No. 1 district; th it the relief pay station in Cairo-street be dispensed with and that the relief to persons resident in the No. 1 and 4 districts be paid by the relieving officer at their homes. The Committee recommend that in future a s., stem of cross-visiting the persons in receipt of relief be inaugurated under the direction of the Clerk ; also that advertisements be inserted in the local papers inviting applications for the appointment of two relieving officers, each at a salary of .C1(0 per annnm, rising £lO per annum, provided the duties are performed satisfactorily, to a maximum of £l3O per annum.. A return prepared by the Clerk showed that the No. 1 District of which Mr. Garnett has had sole charge has a population of 48,600, the amount of relief paid weekly being £52 4s. Sti. The re-arrangement will create anew dibtriat and reduce the No. 1 district to an area with a population of 25,200, with weekly relief to the amount of £35 10s. Mr. JOLLEY in moving the adoption of the minutes 7ald a tribute to Mr. Garnett's-Ltitnia services. He said Mr. Garnett htd had to look after foar-ninths of the p.rpulation while the rem Lining five-ninths had had two officers allotted to it. . Mr. HOUGHTON seconded and said Mr. Garnett was a consdetitious and efficient servant.

lue minutes were apptoved and the proposals as to Mr. Garnett's superannuation will he brought forward in the form of, a resolution at the meeting on July 21st.

THE NEW BUILD LNG.-TENDER ACCEPTED. Six tenders for the erection of a now building for the accommodation of aged mid infirm inmates were submitted, the respective amounts being (I) £5,157 ; (2) £5;221 ; (3) £5,077 ; (4) .25,150 ; (5) £5,116 195.. ; (6) £5,245.—N0 names were divulged before the choice was made, and the Board decided provisionally to accept Noe lowest tender—that for £5,077. which it was after- wards stated had been sent in by Mr. Harry Fairclough. he CLERK said the tender included the cost of the building and also of yard walls an! unclimbable fences. The-nther items—yards and roadways—were over and above the contract and would involve extra expenditure. The architect's estimate for the contract was higher than any of the tenders which had been submitted, so that the Board was on the safe side, as far as the amount was concerned. When the Local Government Board's approval was received, fourtc en days notice would be given to every Guardian before the final decision as to proceeding with the work VMS arrived at. MRS. WILKINSON RESIGNS. _ _ _ .

The CLERK rend a letter from Mrs. Wilkingon st iting that she found it inconvenient to attend to her duties es a Guardian mid she therefore wished so resign the office. The Clerk exp!ained that the le iignation wouli have to be reported to the local Government 13card and by the time their reply was read, it would be within six months of the next general election of Gutrdiats: Therefore a bye-election would not be necessary.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
WATER POLO. WARRINGTON V. WIDNES.

The seccdati.in-ritc-h of the water polo seasonwas played at the Legh-street Baths on Tuesday evening, when Warrington met Widne-. There was a good attend Ince. R. Peers, an old Warrington player,helpei Widnes, and was responsible for three gca's scored by them. In the first half Widnes were called upon to defend the deep end, which they did with vigour. Peers opened the scoring for Widnes, which was followed by one from It: Pepper for Warrington shortly afterwards. The visitors were then seen in good form, and the second goal was scored, S. Ince eventually equalising. The interval arrived with two goals each.—On resuming an Attack was made upon the Warrington goal, a stinging shot being smartly saved by the home custodian. Later, however, R. Peers evaded with his clever tactics, arid added to the Chemical town's score. More smart play by Warrington was witnessed, which culminated in Pepper again scoring. Time arrived with the result : Warrington, three goals ; Widnes three coals. ( A squadron race between Widnes and Warrington took place. The Widnesians' powerful swimming pro Ned too much for Warrington, who, hoirever, stuck to their task manfully, with the result that Widnes only won by three yards. Mtp.h interest was taken in a 50 yards members: handicap. There were 20 entries, and the race was swum in four heats. The final wieners were :-1 W. Jolley ; 2, H. Silk; 3, W. Dunn.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
FREE GIFTS To-day in Warrington of DR. CASSELL'S TABLETS.

The inhatitants of Warrington and district are strongly recommended to take advantage of the nnique free distribution of Dr. Cassell's Tablets which will take place to-day (Saturday) at Boots', Cash Chemists. 5, Bridge-street, (one day only). All those suffering from loss of flesh, bodily weakness, debility, anwrnia, nervous prostration, paralysis of the nerves, spinal paralysis, children's weakness, kidney and ',tot-linch troubles, heart weakness and any form of physical and nerve exhaustion are advised to get their free box of Dr. Cassell's Tablets, as this medicine is absolutely specific in all such diseases, and the highest authorities, includ- ing Dr. Ramsay Colles, J.P., of London, and Dr. Forshaw, D.Sc., of Bradford, have testified most emphs.tically to its body-building and nerve-invigorat- ing qualities. Remember Dr. Cassell's Tablets are something quite different to anything else, are guaranteed pure and harmless, and suitable for young as well as old. Don't forget to-day. . Cut this advertisement out, attach your name and address, and bring it with you. Children will not be , supplied, and only one box given to each applicant.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
-

THE EXAMINER Series OF WEEK-END NEWSPAPERS COMPRISES:-

HE WARRINGTON- EXAMINER published every Saturday morning. The principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper-for War- rington, Stockton Heath, Penketh, Winwick, Padgate Lymm, &c., being one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lancashire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper comprises a large trading and agricultural tract in South Lancashire and Mid- Cheshire. T' RUNCORN EXAMINER, rublished every Saturday morning. It is the best weekly paper in fown and jistrict, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers.

THE WIDNES EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning. Widnes contains the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, and is a rapidly growing centre of industry.

THE EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning. The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Earlestown, Newton-le-Willows, Golborne, Haydock, Lowton, &c The district thus comprised is a most important part of the Lancashire coalfields. THE ST. HELENS EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning, circulating in St. Helens, Prescot, Parr, Sutton, Peasley Cross, &c.—the centre of the Glass, Chemical and Watch Trades of the Kingdom.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. APARTMENTS WANTED.HOUSES WANTED.

APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES LOST. ARTICLES POUND. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. MISCELLANEOUS SALES.

One Three Six Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... Gd. is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. ... 3s. 9d. 27 ... 9d. ... is. 10d. ... 3s. Od. ... ss. Od. 36 ... is. Od. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. ... 6s. Od. 45 ... is. -od. ... 3s. id. ... ss. Od. ... 7s. Od. 54 ... Is. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6s. Od. ... 10s. Od.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
CUTURA CURED BAD ABSCESSES

And Running Sores 'which Grev and ' Spread Discharge was Dis- agreeable and Pain was Fearful —Continua! Buzzing in Head.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
FOUND A TRUE CURE AFTER MANY FAILURES

"About twelve 'months ago ab- scesses began to break out on my head and I had running sores behind my ears. They grew and spread and soon a nasty discharge was continually mi- ning from them, causing fearful paixr. There was always a buzzing noise in my head. I was under doctor's treat- ment for three months in vain. I also tried several ointments, but they failed to give me any relief. At last I thought I would give Cuticura a trial. • So I bought a cake of Cuticura Soap, a tin of Cuticura Ointment and a bottle of Cuticura Pills. After using them for about twelve days I began to feel con- siderably better. The discharge got less and the abscesses began to die away. I no longer had the buzzing noises in my head. By the time I had started on my second set of the Cuti- cura Remedies I was cured. It is about six months since I was cured and I have never felt the slightest sign of the abscesses returning. I can not give thanks enough for the good Cuti- cura has done me. Mrs. Annie Lyles, Tewin Lower Green, near Welwyn. Herts, England, Nov. 26, 1908."

===== 0002601_19090612_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
Ccrnp!exion Cleared

By Cuticura in a Month.

"For nearly five years I was suffer- ing from a disease on my face and neck which caused a number of spots and blackheads. For a long while I had no signs of cure, having used numerous eintments. Then I was told by a. friend 'Why not use the Cuticura Rem- edies.' I did and the effect was great for in about a month I was released from my old complaint. Thanks to the Cuticura I have now a clear complexion. S. N. Girdlestone, 27, School Hill, Lewes, Sussex, Eng., Dec. 9, 1908."

Complete F.xternal and Internal Treatment for Fvery Humour of Infants. Children and Adults con- sists of Cuticura Soap to Cleanse the Skin. Cuticuris Ointment to Heal the Skin and Cutieura Resolvent Pills to Purify the Blood. A Single Set often Cures. Sold throughout the world. Depots: London, 27„ Charterhouse Sq.; Paris. 5. Rue de la Pala; Austra- Ha. R. Towns ik Co., Sydney; So. Africa. Lennon. Ltd.., Cape Town, etc.; U. S. A., I'otter Drug iti-; Chem. Corp., Boston. 01-Post-free from London depot, sample of Cutieura, with book on skin diseases.

MERRYWEAT RE R ON WATER SUPPLY & FIRE PROTECTION

County Mansions ; Experts sent to all parts to Report on Existing Arrangements.

Write for:Pamphlets Merryweather & Sons 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W. G.

THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY. THER;.PlONThissuccessful po- pular remedy, used in continental Hospitals by Ricord, ostanjobert,Velp- eau & others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for puri tv of blood, spots,blotches,pain & swellin gofjoints, kidney, bladder & urinary diseases, stricture, dischattes, piles, g-ravel,painsil back, gout,rheumatisrn,exhaustion. sleeplessness, &c. Three forms, Nos. 1,2 &3, according to diseases. Price 2/9 (particulars id. stamp) post free in Great Britain from The Le Clerc Medicine Co, Haver. stock Roaddlamostead. Lo",lon,&principal Chemists..

===== 0002601_19090612_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
CLARKE'S MO MIXTURE

THE

v WORLD-FAMED BLOOD PURIFIER. zOR cleansing and clearing the blood of all impurities from whatever cause arising, " Clarke's Blood Mixture "cannot be bettered. It has over 40 years reputation, and is to-day more popular than ever, the reason being un- doubtedly because it is recognised throughout the world to be the only safe, thorough and lasting remedy for Eczema, Scrofula, Scurvy, Bad-Legs, Ulcers, Abscesses. Boils, Pimples, Blotches, Spots. Sores, Eruptions of every kind, Blood l'oison, Glandular Swellings, Rheumatism, Gout, etc.

Of all Chemists & Stores, 2/9 per Bottle.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
PERMANENTLY CURES

Skin & Blood Diseases

OF EVERY DESCRIPTION.

COVRSd , ___ The purchase of the Coffee thaT al ways pleases family or Guests 4. 9 Mlngee ,

TO MOTHERS.—RS. Witcnow's Soothing Syrup had been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for the children while teething, with perfect success, it will relieve the poor sufferer immediately, it is pleasant to taste •, and produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and the little cherub awakes "as bright as a button call Chemists Is. Id.—Advt.' '

CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure, in either sex, all acquired for constitutional discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back Free from Mercury. Esteblished upwards of 30 years. In boxes 4s. 6d. each, of all chemists and Patent Medi-. eine Vendors through-out the world, or sent for sixty stamPs by the makers. The Lincoln and 'Midland Counties Drug Company, Lincoln.—Advt.

' • __. ;.; C ‘O. ffe e E.5.Ae 51C, t.. ? , , 4. ...,,,,, .. ~. , 7"'......... i •-•'• , ... tlizer./(tnel : ..4 ..,:, ?--..--. 'qs ,-; i ' '.l Rickly rrae:ran :2,:k1/44-z•••:--.: 3 c, Po r e & :-,----::,-,..--- - I t 1 ri N., 1 g ora t i ng • . --:= ::- ',...,-.- - --- - , , 4. b.. _:••,:,, Establlshed ---r -. 50 Yea! s. ..i. 4r4i.t.. , . '',,•"...04.6"":=3,....... -,._..- " -,:„ ."",,,'"'-'7.-.,.71-..._ --.%.--..„ -- z.-.:,,..:•:: : ' i.l/4,i •- , -.. -4) .t 0 g 'L.. Zdh • 52,,.. . • 3 41jitta. . •%1ti",41.0:04:*. ::',1,;,..:! ~...... - ' .;. ' -:i'%. ''W‘,ll. .',.'':,W.:.'- *.: 944-k‘ti 5'7. '.-':l::;'.Z4 :- “Really Wholesome Confectionery" +,,,, . . . • —LANCET. ' - ,A sweetmeat for all. and may be given 1 confidence to the youngest child; '' ag.. In paper packets and tin boxes—? ''''.'. .../ /anufactory ; London, w.c.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
Domestic Servants, etc.

VVANTED COOK-GENERAL young. Protestant. INGLEHURST, Kirby. near Liverpool.

WANTED at once good GENERAL; able to cook. —Apply BLACKBURNE ARMS, Warrington.

WANTED experienced GENERAL, all duties.— Apply HOLMSIDE, Walton rd., Stockton Heath.

WANTED Good GENERALS at once.—Apply, with references, ROTHWELL'S SELECT REGISTRY,

Heywood.

WANTED, COOK-GENERAL for Doctor's house. pcperienced: ago about 22. —Apply, 3 Ciitußcil

ST., Flint:

WANTED Good GENERAL SERVANT; refer- ences required; private house.-3j-GLEN ELDON- RD., St. Anne's-on-Sea.

WANTED, good GENERAL, with reference; age about 20.—Address Mrs. DUCKWORTH, 38, Bromwich at., Bolton.

WANTED, GIRL (14-16), as Mother's Help ; as one of family ; good home ; one child (12):—DaviEs, 360, Belmont rd., Bolton.

WANTED, at once, clean respectable GIRL, age 16 to 18.—Mrs. MAnsnAix, Leyland Mill Farm, Mariebonne, Wigan.

WANTED, COOK-GUNERAL ; for Tideswell Grammar School, near Bustou.—Apply with references Mrs. BOUL.

WANTED all classes of good SERVANTS.—THE TIMES REGISTRY .OFFICE, 74, Heaton MOCK rd., Heaton Moor, Manchester.

WANTED, COOK-GENERAL, where boy is kept. Small family. Manchester.-4, RADCLIFFE PARK RD., Irlam-o'-th-Height.

IVANTED, experienced GENERAL, at once; all duties except washing ' • highest references.— 131, DERBYSHIRE LAI•1Ie, Stretford. "IWANTED good plain COOK and House-Parlour- maid • family 4; references.—Apply Mrs WOOLMER, The Butts House, Rochdale.

IVANTFD, an experienced PARIOUR-MAID. Some housework.—Apply Mrs. CROSLAND TAYLOR, Ravenscar, Ilelaby, near Warrington.

WANTED LAUNDRESS (experienced) to live in; two or three days' laundry, the rest housework. STUBBS, The White House, Bradgate rd., Altrineham.

WANTED, GENERAL (good, about 25), for confectioner's; one who can serve behind counter preferred.—Mrs. SMITH, 24, George st., Nelson, Lancs.

WANTED COOK-GENEHAL. nge about 20 ; also General age about 20.—Apply Wednesday or Friday evening between 6 and 7 to Mrs. TUNSTALL, the Lindens, Latehf.al

WANTED, good plain COOKS, Waitresses, House- maids Housemaid Waitresses, Cook-Generals, Kitchen Between, and superior Generals.—Mrs. READ'S SELECT REGISTRY, Rusholme, Manchester.

MRS. PRESTON, Progressive Set vants Agency, 44 Charles at. The oldest Established in Blackpool. Wants SERVANTS, with referencei for Hotels, Boarding and Private Houses; good wages; enclose stamp. Tel., 637.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
To be Let.

PENKETH.—COTTAGES, 2s. Bd., and 2s. 6d., per week MILL STREET, OFFICES. 53, WASH LANE, rent 75., par week. 57, CATHERINE STREET, rent 4s. per week. 24. PERCY STREET, rent ss. per week. 143, KNUTSFORD ROAD, Latchford, House, two entertaining and four bedrooms; £2l a year. .22, PROGHALL LANE, Warrington, semi-detached Muse, two entertaining and three bedrooms; large yard; £l7. BRIDGE-FOOT, Warrington, small 2-storey Works, with river frontage and good yard ; suit any trade. HALL NOOK LANE, Ponketh, good semi-detached Residence ; large garden ; sunny situation ; £4O. MARKET-GATE, Warrington. good Double Office, most central position in town ; good light •, £l6. Apply Ro.RERT LOWE, Estate Agent, No. 1 Bank Street Warrington. Telephone—No 55. 1110 LET 17, FOLLY LANE.—Apply WOODS & SON 1 Solicitors, Horsemarket Street, Warrington.

TO LET, HOUSE, Leigh Villas, Knutsford rd.; rent 16.---Apply ALDRED, Leigh Villas, Grappenball.

TTLET.—GOOD HOUSE, Hopwood-street; 3 bed rooms; rent ss. 6d.—Apply WOODS AND SON, Solicitors, Horsemarket st.

frO BE LET immediately a good roomy COTTAGE with Land at Stretton.—Apply 0. .WlLutrr, Builder, Post Office, Stretton, Warrington.

-1-4.YMM, Broom Edge.—TO LEI' Modern House, two entertaining rooms; all conveniences ; prominent position.—G. L. WELFORD, Solicitor, 26, King et. Manchester and Lymm.

HOPS WITH DWELLINGS, Bewsey st.,Warrington, suit grocer, baker and confectioner, butcher, milliner, dressmaker, tailor, barber, &c.—Apply HEALEY, King at. ; Or SKELLAND, 63a, Bewsey St.

910 BE LET, good DETACHED HOUSE, pleasantly 1 situated near Padgate Station; two large enter- taining rooms, two bedrooms, and all modern con- veniences.—Apply BENNETT, Brucbe Heath, Padgate. qlO LET excellent HOUSE, Whitefleld rd., Stockton -IL Heath ; two eatertainirg, four bedrooms, box- room, bath. separate w.c. ; good garden ; moderate rent.—Apply J. HALLIWELL, Market at., Warrington.

TO BE LET, a HOUSE, at South Bank, Frodsham two front entertaining-rooms, four bedrooms, dressing and bath rooms, a good. sized, well-stocked garden ; within ten minutes of station ; possession mid-summer if required.—Apply to Miss KNIBB, South Bank, Prodsham.

r& J L. TU N STALL AND CO • BEWSEY CHAMBERS, WARRINGTON. ESTATE AGENTS AND VALUERS. HAVE TO LET :-

FIRST-CLASS SHOP in Bridge at., near Market-gate; immediate possession. EXCELLENT SHOP in Bridge st., end of June. SEMI-DETACHED VILLA, Orappenhall rd., Latch- ford, good situdtion, £34 per annum. SPLENDID FAMILY HOUSE; central; £25 p.a HOUSES in Parker Et., £l6 per annum. LOCK-UP SHOP in Church at., weekly rent. FIRST-CLASS CORNER SHOP. in main St., £35 p.a. PLEASANTLY-SITUATED HOUSES, in Fearnhead

16 per annum. TWO-STOREY BUILDING with Stable, in Penketh ; would suit bakehouse or laundry. HOUSES in Sankey Bridges, 3s. to ss. 6d. per week. LAND for building purposes.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
Houses and Lard on Sale.

yr NUTSFORD ROAD, near Warrington Bridge.— ON SALE FIVE HOUSES, (corner house suitable for shop), front gardens, back land. Well tenanted.—Address Box B.L. " Examiner "Office, War- rington.

TO FINANCIERS AND INVESTORS.—A Tare opportunity. A splendid Estate is offered for sale, situate on the West Coast in a most convenient place, which can be developed into a most prosperous Seaside Resort. It has a grand sandy beach, safe to bathers at all states of the tide. The place is already partly developed, and it is largely patronised by visitors during the summer months, and having a southern aspect, sheltered on the north and east sides, and possessing a very mild temperature, it could be turned into a winter resort for invalids.--` HEALTH, Wales. Box 6642, c/o Sharrow & Thatcher, Advertising Con' tractors, Holborn Place, London, W.C.

Miscellaneous,' On Sales, ect.

CHARACTER read from handwriting, P.O. stamp. —WiLsos STANLEY,6B, Oston st.,Walton,Liverpool.

Matrimony.

Horses, Carriages,- Live Stock

Machinery etc

WOOD PULP SILK-KNITTED TIES. LATEST NOVELTH FOR LADIES OR GENTLE, MEN. Any colour, Is. each, 3 for 2s. 9d. post free. Money returned if not approved. The Duke of Argyll, when opening tbe Clothing Exhibition lathe Agricul- tural:Hall, London, remarked : One of my friends was wearing a very nice neck-tie. I complimented him upon it, and ventured the opinion, that it was silk. The reply was that it was NIADE OFFOOD-PULP ' Send Postal Order to C. ROBERTS, 57, Craven House, Kingsway, London, W.C.

OHIP BUSINESS FOR SALE.—Rent ss. clear.— Apply 81 MERSEY ST., Warrington. CONFECTIONERY and SWEETS Business for Sale.-80, MOTTRAM RD. Stalybridge.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
Wanted.

MOLESKINS wanted in large quantities, also Horsehair.—HlGNETT, Oswestry. WANTED.—Cailler's Chocolate Wrappers, 2s. per hundred, cash.—MORRIS, 32, Comm rd., Cardiff.

t2and upwards made by our Agents. We want 500 more.-Apply PATENTS SYNDICATE, Arnmanford.

Money.

Hotels, Hydros, Boarding Estabs •

110YAL HOTEL AND BATHS, MATLOCK BATH.

Apartments, Furnished Houses, &c

LACKPOOL.—PubIic and private APARTMENTS. JLP Near sea, station, amusercents.—Mrs. F. SMITH, 94, Albert rd.

Apartments, Furnished Houses, &c

RAMSEY, Isle Of Man.—Stratford House Queen's Drive. APARTMENTS or Board; public or private rooms; bath ; piano. Two minutes from pier, tram and skating rink. Terms moderate.—Apply Mrs. CLEATOR.

Apartments, Furnished Hous-es,Bce

Eggs, Poultry. etc

Investments, Shares, &c.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER,

SATURDAY, JUNE 12TH, 1909.

The division on the THE second reading of the CHANCELLOR'S Finance Bill was taken , TRIUMPH. on Thursday night, the Government securing the handsome majority of 157. Among -Liberals there was no apprehension of the Tesult, though the Irish members were said -to be returning to the House to vote in a body 'a,gainst the Bill. Their attitute to the "oudget is that of the ballad of Macpherson, Which, as will be remembered,concludes With 'the striking and emphatic lines: • " This is all my tale, Sirs, I hope 'tis new t'ye ! Here's your fery good healths, And hang ta whuskey duty !" 'rile Irishmen have no special grievance in this case,and it seems a. pity that they should lrY to make one. But they do not now hold -the balance in the House of Commons, and they may therefore feel perfectly free to' Inake demonstrations. The Government has 112 t only a large majority independently of -‘lle Irish representatives,b ut it has produced P°Pular Budget. Violently hostile speeches in the House produce no corresponding excite- lent outside. The truth appears to be that LLOYD-GEORGE'S financial proposals :tave inspired a new hope in the people. Here, lhey seem to have said, is a Budget that con- something new and encouraging and t the same time just and practical. There s 110 real opposition to the Budget out of °°rs, where, indeed, it is regarded as a I'atim-r-r glorious experiment. Reflections not unlike this may have been 13assing through the mind of the CHANCELLOR 'rim EXCHEQUER on Wednesday, when e //lade his brilliant reply to his crities. It IR the fashion among Tory journalists and eakers to pretend that Mr. LLOYD GEORGE not serious because he is scintillating. II "se to whom he replied on Wednesday will IliardlY be of that opinion at the present s')lllent. The CHANCELLOR OF THE „ti XCREQUER was as lively as usual, but with v3eacilY. effect. There is a popular saying out' wiping the floor with one's oppon- ,:.rit's." That is what Mr. LLOYD GEORGE ,ciiril‘'• He was preceded by Mr. BONAR LAW, 11() is believed to entertain expectation of day being CHANCELLOR OF THE CHEQUER himself. This gentleman appeairs those who are not well-informed to cram sPeeches with facts. Mr. LLOYD-GEORGE Nall well within the truth when he said Mr. •Th'cAlt LAW'S statements are not facts at all. sPeech, said the CHANCELLOR OF THE pit. CI-INVER, had one feature in common -be'lt.b all the other speeches of the same mem- :"-that its " facts " were utterly unreliable. 11.1 Characteristic of Mr. LLOYD-GEORGE tql When he says anything of this kind, he the°,,'les proceeds to prove it. The author Of tolifu'udget is not fighting a real case. He is itlw,l,ted by guesses and suppositions and itll.d°/15. His own case is clearly made out Ntasuls method of opposition. If the Budget .it 2 bad and a wicked one, as is pretended, W°lllcl not only be possible, but easily

possible, to face it with valid arguments and reasonable alternatives. No alternatives have been produced, so far, at least, and of the arguments employed, the less said the better.

One contention that the CHANCELLOR OF THE EXCHEQUER took much pleasure in routing was that put forward by Mr. HAROLD Cox and others, to the effect that the present Budget is in reality a Budget of revenge. As he showed with easy triumph, this is a view of the facts that could only be sustained if there were no wealthy Liberals, or if there were no Liberals who drink beer and whisky But what about Scotland? asked the CHAN- CELLOR. It is deeply and almost formidably interested in the distillery business, and yet it is almost solid in its support of the Govern- ment. The idea that anything like revenge is contemplated is refuted by the circumstances. The Government, if it entertained any such design as that, would not only strike its opponents butt its friends. However, Mr. LLOYD-GEORGE placed his defence on higher grounds. He said that any Government against which it would be possible to sustain the charge of penalising its political oppon- ents would be unfit for office, and ought to be impeached. That is true, no doubt. But we have had examples of such Governments, and one of them not very long ago Went to wreck and ruin at the polls. As to the present Administration, no charge could possibly be much more foolish than that which Mr. LLOYD-GEORGE so energetically and conclusively rebutted, and as to some of the main proposals of his Budget he was able to show that, in days comparatively recent, they have received the joyful support of leading members of the Opposition.

The Lymm Women's LYMM WOMEN Liberal Association has LIBERALS. started its career under the most encouraging circumstances and we have no doubt that it is destined to play an important and useful part in political work in the division. A happier inaugural gathering than the garden party held in the beautiful grounds of Lymm Hall on Wednes- day afternoon could not have been desired, and the enthusiastic 'optimism which pervaded the proceedings was full of promise for the future. Mr. and Mrs. F. H. Smith have the interests of Liberalism truly at heart, and the cordial thanks of the associa- tion are due and were freely accorded to them for their kindness in endeavouring to further the cause by inviting the members to such a pleasant function amidst really delightful surroundings. The presence of Mrs. W. J. Crossley; the esteemed wife of the popnlar and hard-working member for the division, afforded the liveliest satisfaction to the assembly, and the charming little address in which she dealt with current topics in a simple yet very convincing way, was highly appreciated and will be long and pleasurably remembered.

The general public will A BOON FOR THE be interested in the TRAVELLER, announcement that the Lancashire and York- shire, the London and North-Western, and the Midland Railway Companies- have agreed, commencing forthwith, that ordinary and tourist tickets, with some few exceptions, will be available in the trains, of any of the three companies, affording a direct service between stations for which the tickets are available. The whole or any portion of the journey may be made on any of ,the three companies' lines. These are facilities which railway travellers will greatly appreciate. One of the disadvantages of our present rail- way systems is the want of intercommunica- tion such as would be imperative on State rail- ways. The various companies Will be wise in extending facilities such as those detailed above.‘ We are tempted by the innovation to ask whether the Cheshire Lines and the L. and N.-W. cannot come to some similar arrangement by which travellers between Warrington, Manchester and Liverpool might use either service with the same ticket. This would be a boon very greatly appreciated in the districts affected and particularly in Warrington.

Warrington Walking THE ORIGIN OF Day is securely fixed in WALKING DAY. the town's calendar and

seems likely to remain its most popular institution. No one, how- ever,seems very clear as to its origin. It was held for many years on the same day as Newton Races, and a popular opinion is that it was so placed because the promotors desired it to serve as a counter attraction to 'the races. The only record we have been able to find which may throw any light upon the inStitution of the scholars' day is one which tells that the Hon. Horace Powys, Rector from 1832 to 1854, planned to celebrate the anniversary of the Church Sunday school in an imposing way. When he became Rector there was only one school, but he was able, by the help of subscriptions he collected, to build another in Church-street. The anni- versary as arranged by him consisted in a field day for the children, on which, after attending church and hearing a sermon, they spent the afternoon and were entertained to milk and buns in St. Elphin's field. This was in the early thirties.' It seems quite possible that the Nonconformists followed his example and gave a treat to their Sunday school scholars on the same clay. We give this, however, ats a guess, and shall be glad if any reader has better knowledge.

The Health of the THE HEALTH OF Borough is one of those THE BOROUGH. disquietingtopics which

thrust themselves prominently before us every year, lead to considerable discussion, and advance very slowly towards the stage when they may be considered complacently and with some satis- faction. Perhaps it would be a good

thing if medical officers' reports were quarterly instead of annual diagnoses of public ill-health. Then we might get a closer and more persistent . application to remedial measures by the responsible authorities. The high death-rate, the terrible infantile mortality, the slums a d the smoke are deplored fervently every year. but instead of being minimised they grow blacker and more threatening. Warring- ton leads the Way among many manu- facturing towns for the facility with which it kills off its inhabitants. The distinction is certainly not one to be envied, and we feel compelled once again to urge upon the Health Committee the need for strenuous effort in combating the numel•ous evils which impair the vitality of the town- dweller. Tuesday's di scussion,though it pro- ceeded largely on familiar lines,was far from unprofitable. It gave some indication of the Heath Committee's renewed determination to press forward with reforms, and it was illuminated by at least one valuable sug- gestion. Councillor Dr. Joseph, as the sole medical man on the Council, carries weight whenever he speaks on questions affect- ing the public liealth, and his view that the time had come when Warrington should have a town's coroner, received con- siderable support and no adverse criticism. We believe he is right in arguing that the fear of an inquest on the least suspicion as to the causes of death will result in much greater care being taken of the infant life in the town. There are limits to what an indefatigable Coroner like Mr. Brighouse can accomplish in the wide area of South-West Lancashire, and it is no reflection upon him to say that a Coroner for Warrington might have considerable influence on that 4 per cent. of uncertified deaths which causes such dis- quietude. This is only one remedy for one evil, but it is important enough to demand serious attention. We hope Dr. Joseph will pursue his suggestion to its logical and satis- factory sequel.

The most striking

A THE LORD feature of Monday ADVOCATE AND THE evening's debate on the 'LAND TAXES. Finance Bill was the Lord Advocate's brilliant and admirably reasoned defence of the land taxes, upon which the artillery of the Opposition has been especially concen- trated. He met the whole case of the adver- sary point by point, and demolished it. But there were two far-reaching, deep-rooted principles elaborated in his speech which deserve special consideration. and which brought the debate back fi orn trivial or technical disputes to the solid foundation which is reached when political questions are illuminated by the light of perennial human interests, instead of being obscured by the dialectic of the partisan. Is national financ to be made a juggle amongst powerful inter- ests, each eager to throw off the burden of national obligations from its own shoulders, or shall we, as a nation, recognise the essential justice of the principle that obliga- tions should be inseparable from privileges? It is often made an accusation against democratic policies that they set class against class. But if any one is guilty of this crime, it is he who tries to persuade the classes which derive the greatest benefit by the security afforded by our natural defences and the creation of a healthy environment and an efficient supply of labour through social legislation, that they should exact the cost of these national privileges from those who can least afford to pay for them. And if we accept the principle that property should bear its fair share of the expenditure which enhances its value, gives to it security, and makes its possession enjoyable, then we shall have little difficulty in agreeing that the first call upon property should come where its value has been largely the creation of the community. And that is just what the land taxes do.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0040.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Aihia„ • --,_ , is

===== 0002601_19090612_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
'!"ilr°l'..'U A, ND NOTIONS.

Mr. J. J. Webster, who has been appointed consulting engineer for the Warrington Bridge Scheme, has promised to send in his designs in the course of a few days and he will probably attend to explain them to the Bridges Sub-Committee next week. * * *

Our congratulation; to Alderman James Evans, who received the unanimous support of the Town Council on Tuesday when he succeeded to the Aldermanic vacancy caused by the death of the late Alderman Ellison. There had been rumours of party, bickering for the vacant seat during the week, but fortunately there was no attempt at the meet- ing to question Mr.Evans' right to succession as the senior Councillor.

* * * The Water Committee having at last raised a profit from a: profitless past,is about to embark on further large expenditure. Councillor Pemberton uttered serious words of warning about the tendency to spend which seemed to be once more permeating the Council. His references to the Lawsen Contract were no more palatable than his prophecy that the new scheme would cost £lOO,OOO. We hope his prophetic vision will not prove to be as accurate in this case as it was in the last, * * *

Foreign trade is wearing a more smiling aspect. The returns which the Board of Trade publish on Tuesday show increases in imports and re-exports,and,although exports are down by nearly 5 per cent, in comparison with May of last year, the decline is mainly due to lower prices, and to the fact that the month had a working day less. As for the increase in imports, we regard it with great cheerfulness, for the really important increases are in raw materials, and the imported raw material of May is the exported manufacture of June and July. Cotton and wool in particular are coming in well,so that improvement may be looked for in depressed Lancashire. * * *

Mrs. A. H. Crosfield is rapidly securing for herself a warm place in the hearts of War- rington people by her enthusiasm for her husband's cause, her deep interest in social and religious work locally, and last but by no means least, her personal charm. She had quite a busy day on Thursday, when, the Member being engaged in London, she deputised for him at the opening of the Ellesmere-street Mission sale of work, and delivered a very bright little speech, paid'a flying visit to the garden fête at Latchford, and hurried back to London early the same evening. She is so well-qualified for undertaking useful public work that we hope she may long have the pleasure of being the wife of the Member for Warrington.

The Borough Member and his wife gave a dinner on Tuesday night at which they entertained Mr. McKenna (First Lord of the Admiralty) and Mrs. McKenna, Mr. John Burns (President of the Local Government Board), Mr. Alfred Emmott (Chairman of Committees in the House) and Mrs. Emmott, Mr. Tomkinson, M.P. for the Crewe Division, and Miss Tomkinson ; Mr. C. Nicholson,M.P.,

and Mrs. Nicholson (the latter of whom will be remembered locally as the late Mr. George Crosfield's daughter), Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Mond, M.P., Miss Crosfield, Mips Greenwood, and Colonel Henry A. Fletcher.

* 0 Dr. Clifford, writing on the Secular Solution, says: I find four classes of advocates of 'secular' education :—(1.) Those who would not allow any use what- ever of any part of the Bible in State schools. These are very few, and I have never heard of a teacher amongst them. (2) Those who would simply read the Bible. (3) Those who would read the Bible, and give what Dr. Angus called ' lexical ' explanations—i.e., such as would be given by a teacher in the use of Milton or Bunyan. (4)- Those—and they form the vast majority—who stand for the use of portions of the Bible suited to the capacity of the children, such use to be literary, historical, ethical, and spiritual; but never in any way theological or ecclesiastical. Sure as we are men .that last is the just way and the way the nation has to go." - * * * At the Annual Meeting of the Church Defence Committee, the Archbishop of Canterbury pleaded for absolute courtesy and that spirit of reasonable charity which refuses to impute to opponents unworthy motives of any kind. The Rev. Griffith Thomas, Organizing Secretary of the Church Defence Committee in South Wales, does not pay much heed to the Arthbishop's admoni- tion. Speaking at a recent meeting in Car- marthen he spoke as follows : " Disestablish the devil if you like, but it was a mark of the decadence of a nation when one beheld it clamouring for the disestablishment of God." If this gentleman's mental vision were not so distorted he might realise that there was a devil within himself which requires dis- endowment.

We regret (says" The Liberator ") that a newspaper usually so well-informed as the "Daily News" should have conveyed to its readers the impression that there was hardly any Nonconformity in Wales prior to the Methodist Revival. No doubt the revival gave a mighty impetus to Nonconformity, but the seed was widely sown long before that period. When charles II published his first Indulgence, licences for preaching were issued for more than a hundred places in the Principality, and in 1715, according to Rees' "History of Nonconformity," there were above 110 distinct congregations besides a considerable number of recorded dwelling- houses where religious services were occasion- ally held. Dr. Rees- calculates that at this time one-eighth of the population of Wales were Nonconformists. For nearly two hundred years since then the Welsh clergy have continued to enjoy the national endow- ments, but they, have lost the great majority of the people. notions

The important collection of pictures and water-colour drawings, which was formed by the late Mr. Holbrook Gaskell, o Woolton, has been catalogued for sale at Christie's towards the end of this month. Mr. Gaskell (says the London cbrrespondent of the "Liverpool Post and Mercury") with the unselfishness of the true connoiseur and real lover of pictures, afforded the public not only of Liverpool, but of other towns. many opportunities of viewing his artistic posses- sions. He was at different times a con- tributor to Exhibitions in Liverpool, Man- chester, Warrington, Blackburn,Birmingham, Glasgow, Newcastle, and other places, and in this way a knowledge has been gained of the high character of the collection which was housed at Woolton. But though the collection has long enjoyed the repu-' tation of being one of the finest of the modern English school in private owner- ship, it will only be when the whole of the pictures and drawings are displayed for inspection in the spacious galleries in King-street, London, that those outside the circle of Mr. Gaskell's intimate friends will be able to form a proper idea of their value and importance. Practically all the masters of the school are represented in the collection by important examples—Constable, David Cox, De Wint, Luke Fildes, Peter Graham, Holland Hook, J. L. Lewis, Linnell, Millais, J. Phillip Stanfield, Alma Tadema, Landseer, and Turner. There are more works by David Cox in the catalogue than have come under the hammer at a single sale for some time past.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
MAL COM TI3AINIE.

" An Abandoned Woman."

A clever play of the sensational type, With the above 41eat1y descriptive title, has proved a popular attrac- tion at the Royal Court Theatre this week. It is the story of a fascinating but unscrupulous French woman, the "queen" of a gang of thieves, who is ever scheming to compass the downfall of those who are unfortunate enough to cross her path. Excitement is the dominant note, but there is a strain] of the pathetic, and interest is enhanced by some comic interludes. Mr. Harry Foxwell's company gives •a capable interpretation, Miss Hilda Beverley distinguish- ingherself by a remarkably realistic-study of "Ninon." She is convincing, without over-doing the . part, and she works upon the feelings of the gallery with such effect that she is heartily "booed " and hissed. Mr. Charles Vivian, as Phillip° Malvoisin, is a capital stage villain, and plays a conspicuous part in the development of the drama. Mr. Teddy Myles proves a general favourite as Paddy Boyle, an irrepressible son of Erin, who causes many, an outburst of merri- ment, and he is well seconded by Mr. Will Glaze as Sammy Sharp, - a street waif whose intelligence is highly developed. Mr. „Tom Beasley is a dashing. Captain Henry Seaton, and Miss Roma Pendrous infuses pathos into her portrayal of Eleanor Dean. The mounting of the play is all that could be desired ' and the orchestral selections, under Mr. Norman Latham's conductorship, are a pleasing feature.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAMME

Next week M,ssrs. Battersby and Forbes' specially selected company will appear in the "soul-absorbing' play "The Empty Cradle," Miss Nancy Battersby taking the leading part of Ida Boswell, the gipsy.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW BRIGHTON BAND CONTEST. Crosfield's Band Sixth.

The result of the eleventh annuli band contest at New Brighton Tower on Saturdty did not intke very palatable reading for ‘Varringtonians. They had fondly hoped that the Perfection Sap Works Band would secure the trophy for a sec3nd time, and there was considerable surprise when it was found that the band had been placed sixth. Mr. Tom Morgan awarded the first prize to Irwell Springs Band, the ' Present holders of the cup, who secured premier honours last year; second, Good- shaw ; third, Wingates Temperance; fourth, Clock- heaton Victoria; fifth, Shaw Prize ; sixth, Perfection Soap Works; and seventh, Foden'F. The judge's awards appeared to give satisfaction generally, but the fa...a of Black Dyke v,as somewhat of a surprise.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
Local Auctioneer's Claim.

At the Warrington County Court on Thursday, before his Honour Judge Shiress Will, K.C., Messrs. John Mainwaring and Co., auctioneers, Bridge-street, Warrington, sued Samuel Taylor, cattle dealer, Wins- ford, for £2l 2s. 6d. balance of accOunt.—Mr. A. Browne, for the plaintiffs, stated that defendant pur- chased a cow and an ox at the Christmas ft stock sale for £l7 2s. 6d, and .£24 respectively. He had made three payments on account, but the balance of £2l 2s. 6d. was still owing.—Defendant alleged that Mr. Mainwaring excused him the balance, but this Mr. Mainwaring in his evidence strongly denied.—His Honour gave judgment for the plaintiffs with costs.

El

Personal. The Rev. J. 11. Bankes, assistant curate at St. Paul's Church, Warrington, who has special charge of the work at All Saints' Mission, was ordained priest at the service held in the Cathedral Church of St. Peter, Liverpool, on Sunday morning. Mr. and Mrs. Robert Pierpoint have been staying at Harrogate for the past few weeks, and we are pleased to hear that Mr. Pierpoint has much benefited in health by the change. He expects' to ba back in Warrington shortly. The Rev. L. B. Radford, whom some of our readers may remember as second master of the Grammai School several years ago, during which time he was Sunday curate in Trinity Parish, has, says Holy Trinity Parish Magazine, just gone to Australia to enter upon the post of Warden of St. Paul's College in connection with the University of Sydney. He sends a post card mentioning that on his way out he called at Albany, of which the Venerable Archdeacon Louch (curate of Trinity Church nearly 30 year ago) is the rector. By a fortunate chance he met the Arch- deacon near his church, to whom he was quite a stranger. A conversation ensued, which revealed the fact that they both knew Warrington well, and that both had worked in the same parish and ministered in the same church--a pleasant surprise to both. The Rev. E. B. Carleton, son of the Rev. E. C. E. and Mrs. Carleton,who had obtained his bishop's per- mission to leave his work in Kamsack, Saskatchewan, for a few weeks, has arrived in Warrington. He was a passenger on the "Tunisian."

_ _ THE KING'S VISIT.—FLAGS, STREAMERS, BUNT- ING, etc., for sale or hire. Large stock. —GARLAND, Bridge st., Warrington.—Advt. Music in the Park. The Warrington Borough Prize Brass Band will play the following programme of music in the Park on Sunday next :-,—Hymn, "Bethany," J. A. Greenwood; march, " Chepstow," W. Rimmer ; selection, "I Lombardi," Verdi; selection, " Gems of Mozart," W, RiMmer ; romance, 'Alice, where art thou? " Ascher; selection, "Gustavus," Aber; " God save the King. Conductor, Mr. T. Griffin.

St. Barnabas' Church. The patronal festival in connection with this church commenced yesterday (St. Barnabas' Day). Holy Communion was celebrated at 7.30 a.m. and a children's service was held at 8.30. At the choral evensong the preacher was the Rev. D. 0. Evans, vicar of St. Ann's, Lancaster. Warrington P.S.A.. _ _ _ - -

The weekly meeting of the Warrington P.S.A Society was held at Friars Green House on Sunday. Mr. al uir presided and gave an address on" Faith, the substance of things not seen." Mr. A. Charnock, of Leigh, spoke upon "A good name is better than great riches." He contended that in the majority of cases, the presence of wealth was the forerunner of indolence, sloth, and often ended in degradation and death,while, on the other hand, men who had earned a good name were in nearly every case those who had passed through many obstacles, difficulties and privations, find thus step by step had fought their way upward in fluence of onward, never forgetaing the sustaining of the Great Creator. A vote of condolence was passed with the family of the late Mr. Makin in their sad bereavement.

TRAVELLING TRUNKS, DRESS BASKETS ST CASES, etc. Spezia' lines at 178. 235., 22s..andUI 265. GARLAND, Bridge St., Warringeon.—Advt. Mr Holbrook Caskell's Estate. The will and four codicils of Mr. Holbrook Gaskell, of Woolton Wood, Woolton, president of the United Alkali Company, Limited, and. chairman of the " Liverpool Daily Post," " Liverpool Mercury," and 1` Liverpool Echo," Limited, who died on Bth March last, aged ninety-six, have been proved in the Liver- pool District Probate Registry by Messrs. Holbrook Gaskell, James Bellhouse Gaskell, and Frank Gaskell, sons of the deceased, the executors. The gross valat. of the estate has been returned at :£433,251, and the net value at £423,814, the amount paid in probate duty being X.31,119.—The will is dated 2nd July, 1894, and by it and the subsequent codicils testator bequeaths practically all his property to members of, his family. Legacies and annuities are also left to his butler, his housekeeper, his head gardener, head coachman, his cook, and other in-door and out-door servants. The details of the will are purely personal and of no public interest. Beautiful Warrington_ Society.

A large crowd attended an -open-air concert on Thursday evening on the open space adjoining Silver- street schools. The concert was arranged by the Beautiful Warrington Society who are arranging entertainments to take place in the various parts of the town periodically with the object of bringing before the public the work of the Society. Alderman Bennett presided and was supported by Alderman and Mrs. Smethurst,Councillor Wilson,Messrs.L. Geeening, J. Longland, E. J. Hall and J.Upson. An excellent pro- gramme was submitted. Miss E. Taylor sang" On the banks of Allan water " and " Robin Adair" with taste and expression, and Mr. J. W. Bibby rendered "Asleep in the deep" and " The Skipper " which gained much applause. " Alice where art thou ?" and "Mary of Argyle " were well interpreted by Mr. J. Draptr. Mr. F. Fieldhouse sang" Thb veteran's song" and" The yeoman's wedding" to the delight of the audience. The accompanist was Mr. Percy Smith. The songs were interspersed by speeches from Mr. E. J. Hall, Mr. John Upson and Alderman Smethurst who explained the various objects of the society. GOOD SECOND-HAND PIANOS, £5 55., £8435., and £l2 12s. Others at higher prices. Fully guaranteed. Pianos tuned and repaired,—J. R. WOOD, 47. London rd., Stockton Heath. Advt. Remarkable Engineering Feat. An interesting engineering feat was on Monday carried out on the Mersey, when Messrs. Cammell, Laird and Company, who are reconstructing part of the New Brighton Landing-stage, lifted the north bridge from its position and conveyed it by tugs up the river, a distance 'of about four miles, to their Tranmere Bay works. The bridge was placed on "camels " belonging to the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board, and successfully floated' to its destination. This calls to mind an even more remarkable feat of engineering and navigating skill which was per- formed thtrteen years ago. An addition of 400 feet was about to be added to the north-end of the Liver- pool Landing-stage. The iron framework was put together upon pontoons at the West Float, Birken- head. The contractors were Messrs. Pearson and Knowles, Limited, and the work was begun in April, 1890, and completed a month later. The huge structure was then towed along the Birkenhead Docks and across the river, and so accurate were the calculations of the engineers that it fitted exactly into position, all that had to be done being tt rivet the existing portion of the stage and the new part together, and then put on the deck. In passing through the dock entrances the work of navigation by the tugs was so nicely =tinged that although there weie only 18 inches of playroom the paint on the ironwork was not even scratched.—` Liverpool Courier."

THE KING IS COMING. But the King of Tonics is here already. H. M. Ashton's Life Tonic—the great strengthener, AsirroN, 63, Sankey-at., Warrington.—Advt.

Rev. H. Dunnico on Religion and Politics. Preaching in Kensington Chapel, Liverpool, on Sunday evening, the Rev. Herbert Dunnico said that while it was the mission of the Christian Church to point the way to heaven, it must do 80 by way of • a better life on earth. When labour was speeded up to a poirit that a man was used up and laid upon the • shelf at forty years ord, when new inventions and: combinations of capital forced the cost of living up and the ckances of employment down, of what earthly use was it to tell a man of the glories beyond? What men most needed was the chance to live a .decent, upright lift,protect?on for children,and the right to work for the support of his family. How could they expect a man to live a consistent Christian life denied the opportunity of earning his daily bread ? If further proof of that were needed, it was to be found in the fact that the very century which had witnessed the development 'of competitive era had also witnessed the growth of an ever-widening gulf between the Church and the masses. A Church that did not take its part in solving this problem was unfaithful to Christ. They might pray till, like " James the Just," the callosities on their knees were like those of a camel, and the evils would still go on unless they claimed the sphere of politics for Christ, and by Act of Parliament put a stop to them. The spirituality of many critics was mere humbug and toadyism on the one hand and wicked cowardice on the' other.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
The Infirmary.

Sixteen accident cases, mostly of a minor character, were treated at the local Infirmary yesterday. Warrington Show. The Warrington and Dist!let Agricultural Society will hold its 20th annual show in Walton Park on Thursday, August 19th, when prizes, cups and medals value £7OO will be competed far. Tuesday, August 10th, is the last date for entries.

Presentation to Mr. H. H. Taylor. On Wednesday evening at Gregory's Cafe, Mr. Hedley H. Taylor (President of the Warrington Philomathic Society), who is to be married next week, was the recipient of a set of Ruskin's Works subscribed for by members of the Society. Mr. J. Ball presided and Mr. J. H. Mason made the presentation and in the course of an appropriate speech said they wished Mr. Taylor and his future wife long life, health and pros- perity. Mr. Taylor suitably responded. Mr. D. Dunn and Mr. E. G. Burgess also took part in the proceedings. TENNIS, CROQUET, AND GARDEN FURNITURE.— J. S. GARLAND, Bridge st., Warrington.—Advt. - Warringtonian's Narrow Escape from a Bomb. Mr. Charles Gorse, second son of Mr. J. Gorse, Sankey Bridges, who has been in South America for several years, had a remarkably narrow escape front being blown to pieces at Buenos Ayres a few weeks ago. There have been serious riots and disturbances in the city for some timj- and many lives have beea lost in conflicts between the military and the populace. News has just been received from Mr. Gorse that he was recently riding in one of the city trams, and noticed near the conductor a large basket of vegetables —apparently a very harmless cargo. But on the car stopping Mr. Gorse luckily heard a ticking sound coming from the neighbourhood of the basket and informed the conductor. The latter at once lifted the basket on to the sidewalk, but before the car had moved away a bomb concealed among the vegetables exploded and killed seven people- outright. The car was partly wrecked, but Mr. Gorse had the good fortune to be quite uninjured. His many friends in Warrington will, we are sure, be glad to hear of his Providential escape. LAWN MOWERS.—Several good machines on sale

in good condition at prices him 12s. Gd.-51, Bridge at., Warrington.—Advt.

Death of Mrs. James Reiland. We regret to announce the death of Mrs. James Skelland, wife of Councillor James Skelland, 63, Bewsey-street, who passed away Last Sunday evening. The deceased lady, who was 70 years of age, had been ailing for some time, but death came unexpectedly through a sharp attack of pneumonia.Mrsßkelland took considerable interest in her husband's work in con- nection with the Ragged School and Mission,and made Many personal sacrifices to enable him to carry on his work there. She worshipped at Bewsey-road Wesleyan Church where she was greatly respected. The funeral took place at the Cemetery on Wednesday in the presence of a large number of relatives and friends. The chief mourners were :—Messrs. Coun- cillor Skelland (widower), Councillor G. D. Rose, J.P. (Jarrow, son-in-law), W. Hayward (Wigan,son-in-law) Powell, (Whitchurch), Dale, Goodall (brothers-in-law), Dutton and Osborne (nephews). Wreaths were received from" Uncle Dale and family," Mrs. Healey, Mr., and Mrs. Furnival. "The Tennants," Miss H. Holloway," "Husband and daughters," "Sarah and Joe," Officers and Teachers of the Ragged School "Whitmore and Clara," "Eddie and Emma" and "The Stone Family."

===== 0002601_19090612_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
--, - An Expensive Trench.

At the Warrington County Court on Thursday, before his Honour Judge Shiress Will, K.C.; William Boles, general dealer, 79, Wash-lane, Latchford, sued Leonard Unsworth„ 7, Norris-street, for :tlO 10s. damages for alleged trespass.—Mr. A. Browne appeared for the plaintiff and Mr. C. H Unsworth defended.— Plaintiff's case was that on April 29th, defendant, who was the incoming tenant of plaintiff's premises, illegally and wrongfully trespassed upon plaintiff's land and stables and dug a deep 'trench across the road or cartway, thus preventing plaintiff taking his horse and cart out of the stable In consequence plaintiff alleged that he had suffered considerable loss. For the defence it was contended that plaintiff was leaving Warrington and had sold his sheds, &c., to defendant under terms which implied immediate 'possession. Defendant went on the land with plaintiff's permission, and only dug the trench for gardening purposes. The claim for ten guineas, said Mr. Unsworth, was preposterous because the trench could have been filled up by the expenditure of half-a-crown. —Plaintiff said he distinctly stipulated that defendant should leave the roadway clear.—After a long hear- ing, his Honour gave judgment for the plaintiff for for £1 and costs. PALACE AND HIPPODROME.

The most popular turn at the Palace and Hippodrome this week may be said to be" Casey's Court. The court consists of .30 urchins and an old woman. These urchins provided very good fun. The stage presented a grotesque appearance. In the centre was the " Orkestra," in which several musicians were. playing with crude instruments. On the right were the stalls, which looked far from comfortable, and on the "left was the pit, where the seats offered were not at all enviable. A gentleman schoolboy appeared on the scene, and being- made aware that an entertain- ment was about to commence asked the price of The accommodation, and was answered by the cashier. " Froth two bottles to three halfpence.'' Thereupon he asked for a box and was immediately shown to a bath. This was too much for him, and he objected, but he was promptly thrown in much to his discomfiture. Most of the children sang in a way worthy of the support of the audience. The Great Albas is quite above the ordinary run of wire performers. His most daring feat is when he walks up to the circle on a wire and then slides down to the stage on his head. Ernesto seems to be able to juggle with seven balls quite easily, and can also juggle with three carving knives. His best feat is to place a lighted lamp on the end of a bar, balance this .on his forehead, reach two concertinas, play a popular air, and walk up a ladder and down again on the other side. M'dlle De Rose, who can play a piano with remarkable ability, and possesses a bass voice, is assisted by Miss Hilda Claremont. a girl soprano. They delight the audience with their singing to such an extent that they claim.repeatcd encores. Mark Milton, comedian sings some capital songs, and of course puts a joke in as he goes along. J. H. Hawtrey, sings of bis success in Anstralia, and the Bros. Connolly engage in very smart repartee. The cinematograph pictures are of_a very interesting character.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAMME

Next week the chief attraction will be the Achmed Ibrahm troupe of real Bedouin Arabs (ten in number), who are brilliant tumblers and equilibrists. The other" turns" will include :—Vivian? and Co. in a novelty dancing scene "The toy shop" ; Josephine( Crooke with illustrated songs ; Tom Moore, character comedian; Shirley and Ransome in their humorous and pathetic coster episode; Bert Bowden, comedian; Mollie Wutson, comedienne.

CRICKET. (Continued from page 3.) WARRINGTON GUARDIANS AND OFFICIALS V. WARRINGTOS POLICH.—This match was played on Wednesday at Arpley when a most enjoyable afternoon was spent, the Guardians securing an ea4y victory. W. C. Brooks, their captain, played a god innings for his 30 runs as also (lid W. Bell for 17. J. H. Constable took eight wickets for 25 runs. For the police, P.C. Green kept up a good attack and P C. Berry was top scorer with 13 runs. There was a fair attendance of Guardians, officers and friends who were received by the Chief C nstable (Mr. Nicholl,). They included Miss Broadbent, Rev. M. Ryan, Messrs. E. L. Bent, W. Furness, R. Bolton, W. C. Brooks, Councillor Singleton, Mr. A. Bottomley, Dr. Peacock, Messrs. B. &carer, T. Bowes, R. W. Peacock, J. F. Awbery, the latter under- taking duties of Umpire in a satisfactory manner. Daring the afternoon both teams were photographed by Mr. Bottomley. A return match has been arranged to take place in a month's time. Scores : GUARDIANS & OFFICIALS.. WARRINGTON POLICE.

J. H. Constable b Green 4 P.C. Berry at Ingram J. F. Forsterlbw b Berry 1 b Constable W. Bell o Stuart b _ P.C. 130 rows b Bell _ _

_ Whitby l7 P.C. Holland b Bell ..: 7 S. M. Ingram b Green... 1 P.C. Hayes b Constable 3 J. Burke c Berry b Green 6 P.C. Green b Constable 0 W. C. Brooks b Green W. Rochelle c Green b P.S. Stuart b Constable 7

Holland. ,b H. Todd b Whitby 2 Constable R. Jones b Holland ... 2 P.C. Armstrong b Con- J. Yates b Green W. Jones b Green 0 P.C. Whitby b Con- G. Eaztwood not out ... 4 stable 4 P.C. Hewitt not out P.C. Wood/and St Ingram b Constable 1 Extras

Extras

Total B2

To tal 5O

I'VE GOT A GOOD. THING ON, Good for You, Good for Me. TOMATOES FROM THE GROWER ON COMMISSION. McDERMOTT, Cheapest Man Alive. TWO STALLS IN MARKET, and BRIDGE-STREET

===== 0002601_19090612_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
if Nellecti

Bladder Troubles are so SUM.

It used to be thought that only urinary troubles and back- ache were to be traced to the kidneys, but modern science now shows that a great many fatal diseases have their begin- ning in irregularities of these important organs.

For the kidneys are the blood purifiers. Every three minutes the blood passes through them to be purified. When it reaches the kidneys it is heavily laden with uric acid and liquid waste —when it leaves the kidneys its impurities have taken out, just as if it had passed through a filter.

" Eve, Pieta Tells a Story."

But when the kidneys are weak and inflamed they cannot keep up with their great work, and so the poisonous waste is left in the blood, and the whole body 3 being slowly poisoned.

You soon feel languid,dizzy and worn out. You cannot sleep— cannot eat—and grow impatient and melancholy.

Puffy circles come under the eyes—the ankles swell—the muscles and joints are stiff and rheumatic. There are uiinary disorders, and you have to get up many times during the night. Your back is weak and aching— you may have sciatic pains and lumbago.

If you have any of -the above symptoms, give your overworked kidneys help at once in Doan's Backache Kidney Pills, of which so many men and women speak so highly.

4 , ..... 4-c-, _AO + .7.- . r•!".,71., .' ' , ....-: - '..,...tif •A L ri.,,,-,5-7,*•, z,..1,-.00._ . . - ' @.A.. , ''' - --- .t.Z,V.i.4.C.; ' ^ • -4.: .-•- 6, • . ..-:, .Z ..,, .' 1,-, ts--,M.,0 „. e„, —.• 7 . * cj` 1 .44, ;16'.. ." r • 4. -; . •4‘..•.,:, _,....ru. "C. ' ' \:.r, , = - -« -4 ..• ri•-• J.- ^.-- -.. ) • tg--:.., ~-...., - 1.-4. :%-,,,:1....- ..•-• , ...1.•-•,. .6 -, - , •,5.t." -::,-- -1.„3=-17,-.* 4.';*i. ..- .w.,•.• _sr -;w2; , ,p,,,,Sce. -1.-..:1,4..• '• 4 1-Ai . -;7:-."-H•_,.„,i'el'''-` :,-01';*;;::...-7:4'Yee0$. j w.:- ~,,,•.* vv.:, ~.- ...,.. . .:-:. ~z3.:,..5i -4,e' • . * - ...„ ..„:,.it - - -••-•, •••.-- .-1,"!x -.• • '---,•,.- _-ts---7.n. :.,-,-.4.;.i.. it,..-:',..; •-:2-,z.*:., 41-4 -'''W:.--' ry 4 ~.. „, a...„,,, ~,,,,„,,..,..,. ~,4 . .. ^ ''. s-e „,.;71 ..,-4:.:?, II .1/4-,,,,''' ON* ' 7-eo&Wt•., ' *--P! •ip . 11*W °tarn 114' . , 77:•,,, I r-- i ht. Fie. Valli A ••',X,,-kk : 11161 w, •. . --- - .. 4,, _;...:4,..„ . v _. ,-- . ' - • ISO ',* SW. ' • :74,-:'dillIll.;::: -,..-tre.....4:

===== 0002601_19090612_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN CASE.

" If I had not used ,the pills I should have become seriousli, ill," wrote Arr. J. 11. Douglas, painter and decorator, 21, Wellington-street, Runcorn, when describing his cure of kidney trouble by Doe backache kidney pills. "It was a severe cold that started the tnle ; I suffered with backache, and the kidney secretions were scanty high-coloured, and scalding in passing. I felt constantly tired, there was a puffiness under my eyes, and my sleep was broken. Every cold I caught would affect my back and kidneys. I suffered in this way for about six months.

"It was through reading about Doan's back- ache kidney pills that I came to use them, and they gave me relief _within a week.. I continued with the pills, and they cured me. All the symptoms of the kidney disorder have gone, and I am still well. I can certainly recommend Doan's pills for kidney complaint, for I have proved their value. (Signed) J. H. Douglas."

Of all chemists and stores, 2s. 9d. per box. 6 boxes for 13s. 9d. •, or post free, direct from Poster-McClellan Co., 3, Wells7street, Oxford-street, London, W. Ask for Doan's— And Get Dean's Like Mr. Douglas had

_ _,.....„-....- .............p.„,:...„..........,,..„,...-,tiiitt.i 41. iN i Beall i9S PI hpi Backache 4,.*A4' ..,.._: i 4 Asi die tt,,-, fh` 7..:'• VEY.4?-1 - ~- :.- , '- • • s-'',%- ko-, 16, ~-.4 4. Pills cok' it-. - ----- ..- - .--....7.-.e. ?-.V% "IP 4 \\AWki 1:A,: •-:Co 5 • : cV. AIN TA 1"...." •:::i f

===== 0002601_19090612_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
TRADES AND LABOUR COUNCIL.

The monthly meetTng of the above Council was held .on Tuesday evening last, when 11Tr. D. Owen presided, and was supported by Mr, P. Delaney (deputy-chairman) and Mr. Moot Reid (acting secretary).

===== 0002601_19090612_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
31 UNI C I PAL -11.EPRF.SEI'PATION.

Arising out of the minutes Mr. RICHARDSON (Sheet Moulders' delegat.) asked whether any steps had been taken ly the Executive in regard to municipal repre- sentation. The VICE-CITAIRM AN : Nothing has been done. Mr. RICHARDSON said they ought not to wait until 'the branches sent in their subscriptions. If anything was going to be done let them do it now. . The CHAIRMAN said the Secre:ary had left word that he had received only one reply in answer to his circular, and that was from the joiners' branch, which stated that the Society were witling to send their subscription if they would state what it was. At the conclusion of the agenda the Council elected a sub-committee ot seven to take into consideration the matter of municipal representation and report on the matter at a specially summoncd Council meting. The sub-committee is as follows : Messrs. Tomlinson. Sinclair, osdren, Plumb, Ft ichardson,llaley and Delaney. TRADE UNION WAGE QC ESTION.

A letter was read from the Manchester and District Furnishing Tracks Joint Committee which asked the delegates who were members of the Co-operative Society to attend their quarterly meetings and ask for the names of firms whom the Society bought furniture from. If they would send their names up they would inform them whether they were paying trade union rate of wages. Mr. HALEY : The Warrington Society get their furniture from the C.W.S. and therefore get trade union rate of wages. It was agreed that the Secretary rep'y to them to that effect in regard to the Wars ington Branch.

THE CHILDREN'S COURT. A letter was read from the Leicester Trades Council- a.king them to pass the following resolution : "That this Council hereby approves of the Act April Ist, 1909, empowering manistrates to hold Criminal Courts for children under 16 years of age, but regrets that a clause was not inserted to prevent the Press from publishing mimes of defendants, as by So doing the characters of the children may be damaged for life." Mr. lIALF.r said he bad not the least doubt that in some eases it might cast a stigma on the child. Seventy-five per cent of the crime was caused by environment. (Hear, hear.) The child was probably more to be pitied than to he blamed. ITe would move that the proposal of the letter be endmed and acted upon. Mr. PLUMB seconded and it Was carried. HOUSE AND TOWN PLANNING. A letter was read from the Secretary of the Confer- once asking that delegates be appointed for the Con- ference on the House and Town Planning needs of Lancashire, Qieshire, and North I)orbyshire to be held in June at Manchester. The proposals of the Conference were for the rapid clearance of houses which were unfit for habitation; the improvement of the insanitary houss • the stimulation of the building of better houses by all means, public or private, and the proper planning of new house areas. It was decided not to send delegates but *rite to the Secretary of the Conference stating that they sympa- thised with the proposals. A letter was read from the Workmen's National Housing Council asking that Council to affiliate with them. It also asked the Council to do all they could for the carrying out of Mr. John Burns' Town Planning Bill, when it was,passed. Mr. PLUMB moved that they do not affiliate them- selves, but that they wonld do all in their power for the carrying out of the Bill. Centinning be said there were plenty of decent houses in Warrington empty, hut people could not afford to pay the rent for them. He asked them to remove those people in the Town Council who were interested in that property and send to the Town Council people who would help to demolish their slums. They wanted men on the Council who had no interests in house property what- ever. He cc ncluded by saying" Get some workingmen on the Council. If they do not understand everything,

they will understand something which will stand the ton in good stead." Mr. HALEY seconded and observei tbat,when the bill became law it would be the time for them to have a housing committee of their own.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
AFTE 0_ . •;,..

When digestion fails, whether from loss of tone, climatic changes, °ye. r- work, or errors of diet, nothing so soon restores tone and vitality to the diges- tive system as the root and herb extract—Mother Seigel's Syrup. It tones and regulates the liver and bowels, and clears the system of the decayed products of indigestion—the fruitful cause of headaches,

===== 0002601_19090612_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
LS

TAKE THE DIGESTIVE TONIC languor, brain fag, biliousness, constipation and anmmia. It makes food nourish you and thus builds health on good digestion.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
y Lip ?or Tr, -6.1) E . I 9 S I ill 1:4 h , =st '5 'it . -

The 216 size contain. three times as much S 7 as the liti size. a

===== 0002601_19090612_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
"PETER PAN "SUMMONED. F..alvation Army's Critic Fails to Appear.

For a week or more an individual calling himself "Peter P.sn " has inflicted himself on the town and created some disorder by the holding of open-air meetings at which he has mercilessly attacked the Salvation Army and its work. His state- ments have been wild and extravagant, but they have been couched in such a form as to gull the more susceptible of his hearers and cause a feeling of suspicion about the Salvation 'Army and its leaders which is wholly unjustified. The man has been going about the country carrying on this campaign, and apparently living on the proceeds of his collections. The police 11,1ve at last had to take the matter up. and at the Police Court yesterday a summons was heard charging "Peter Pan," of 69, 13uttermarket-street, with unlawfully -and wilfully obstructing the passage at Arpley on June 4th and sth. The defendant did not appear.

he Clerk : The police summons was served at his residence in Warringt on. The Chief Constable said it would be better if he Alertly reviewed the facts of what they knear of "Peter Pan" in Warrington, and as he did not appear that moraing he would ask for a warrant. The defendant bad •g,-,no to Liverpool. It wculd appear that the defendant was an idle and worthless loafer, who on Tuesday week last put in an appearance in Warrington and started gathering a small crowd at Bride-foot,' by the slanderous language Le used about the Salvatisn Army. Later the crowds increased until on Friday evening last the place was like a a bear garden. He used language that, was most blasphemous. He was olio of those customers who go from town to town pnaching and his following principally consisted of thepoor. He (the Chief)saw him on Satur- day ofterroon and cautioned him that if another repeti- tion took place on the Saturday night he would Le proceeded against. He promised Lint • (the speaker) that he would not address any more meetings. In pass- ing along in the direction of the Academy on Saturday evening t,o had great difficulty in getting through for it was blocked both ways. Quite a number of com- plain's had been received fro:n the inhabitants round about, owing to the man and the crowd. Mr. Crabtree bad said that his shop might as vsell have been closed all day. Ninety-eight per cent. of the crowd were in the males favour' and they were likely to have got noisy and riotous. Owing to one of his audience who desired to refute the statements en Satur- day evening, and wanted to go cn the platform, the platform was broken up. He went up to the defendant, who gave different names everywhere he went, and took him down to the Police Station, with a crowd of about 4,000 following him, who hooted and jeered the police aud gave cheers for " Pan " all the way down. Ho smuggled him out at the backdoor on his promise that he would not return to, Warrington and he went to Manchester. -On Monday he returned and sent word to the Chief Constable that he had Loan called to Warring- ton, but was not going to speak. During that day he went about with a crowd following him. On Monday evening he spoke on some land owned by Spencer Wall- head and Son in Bewsey-read, za here Thousands went to hear him. The whole neighbourhood was thrown into a state of disorder.He went away from there to his lodging- house in Buttermarket-street. On Saturday he had to sit by the fire whilst his shirt was being washed, and he was a thorough rascal. He had been a good deal of trouble this year in South Wales, and had been convicted of fraud at Birmingham. He represented himself to be .the son of a member of Parliament for South Australia and a nephew of Horatio Bottomley aid "John Bull." He had also stated in some places that he was paid by the National Sporting League to blackguard the

===== 0002601_19090612_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
Fatal

The Examiner, Saturday, June 12, 1919.

Salyntion Army, but they said it was not tirue. In fact no sportsman of any description would have anything to do with him. A 11Iagistrate : Does he go round with a bat? Alderman Smethurst: He says be is going to feed the poor children with the proceeds. The Chief Constable: He blackguards the Salvation Army who had fed him when he was starving. They gave him aid and, this is the result. The w-lr,ant was granted..

THEFt OF -BRASS. METAL_ DEALER ACQF LTTED. _ _

At the Liverpool Intermediate Sessions on Tuesday, Alfred or John Barrow (23), collier, was charged with having stolen a number of brass steps, weighing 1701b5., the property Monks of Hall, and Company, Limited, of Warrington' during the month of April. M r.H.L. Riley (instructed by Messrs. Henry Greenall and Co.) prose- cuted, and evidence was given that the brass had been taken from the machinery at the company's works, and sold at a marine store. The prisoner denied the charge of theft, and said that be Lund the brass in an ashpit near the works. Ho was found guilty.—Joseph Matthews (59), metal dealer, was afterwards tried on a charge of feloniously receiving twelve brass steps on the 14th April from Alfred or John Barrow,the property of Monks, Half, and Company Limited. Mr. Riley was for the prosecution, and Mr. Madden' (instructed by Messis. Arthur Browne and Co.) for the defence. It appeired that the priscner Borrow was paid 4d. a lb. for the bras, which was broken up, and it was wilt to Glasgow the same day. The value of the metal as manufactured brass was ls. 6d. lb. For the defence it was submitted that the prisoner had no tll5- picion that the brass was stolen, and that a fair market price was given for it, namely, 4d. a lb., as against 5d., which prisoner's wife said he received for it. The reason it was sent away was that the prisoner was about to remove to, other premises, and therefore wanted to get rid of as much stock as possible. The prisoner and his wife gave every assistance to he police to find Barrow and to recover the brass. The jury found the prisoner not guilty. Mr. L. Riley said there were two other indictments, but he would offer no evidence on them. The prisoner was discharged.—The pri oner was senteueed to three rnenths' hard labour. CLERGYMAN DUPED. A CASE OF FALSE PRETENCES;

At the Burough Police Court on Tuesday, James Nolan, of no settled abode, was charged with obtaining sums of money by false pretences on Saturday last. He was further charged with similar offences on the 13th February last, and also on the 20th Ally last. He pleaded guilty to all three charges.—The Chief Constable stated that so far as the case on Saturday night last went it appeared that thortly before 11 o'clock prisoner went to the Rev. W. Bracecamp'sl house, and told them a pitiful tale about his wife and children, saying they were in tie very sore straits, and I asked him to relief them. Asa matter of fitat the wife and children were non-existent. Mr. Bracecamp,know- ing the prisoner, refused to give Lim anything. The prisoner then went to the house of the Rev. E. E. Peter's, curate st St. Paul's Chord), and told him that Mr. Bracecamp hid sent him for a grocery ticket. Mr. Peters after making wbat enquiries be could at such a late hour of ne night; gave him a ticket for s shilling's worth-of groceries to be obtained from a small provision- dealer in the town. The prisoner received the ticket and wilfully altered the is. into 4s. so as to obtain 4s. worth of groceries instead of one. He went to the dealer's and obt%ined 3s. Gd. worth of grocery., Prisoner asked the de-tler to allow him a bottle of "Bovril" for the remaining 6d. The dealer told him that they did not keep Bovril, so on asking for the Cd. in order to obta'n it elsawhere, it was returned to him: The facts in the other cases were similar. Prisoner had been going all over the town obtaining money in this way. He started last year. Prisoner had been once previously Lefore the court, on July 4th, 1906, to answer two cases of embezzling taoney.—Prisoner said ho was vety sorry tor what he hlcl dune. He was not lazy and vt as willing to work. Prisoner was sentenced to Ori3 months' imprisonment.

..:4::::' 4 ,-- - ' '''''" ----":-. i•--A.l--...1 '--_,I ~ ::-... tf _ Min the 0 1_ 1417 .f' _- ".,.. ~_ .• . . •-• °X- 4 .._‘,....---,;. ........ ..„. . _ ~...„.-..i. -,,-._. ..,..,....,-__ ..,...-:..„.-.... ...., 'MIL' G", I. '4 - Ai: ‘vAitRINGTON.

_ - _k, - Ottr •;." ik = littft 4 4 • rt.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Borough Court.

MONDAY.—Before the M9yor (in the chair), Alderman Smethurst. Councillor Wilkinson and Messrs. S. Wright, W. Richardson, W. Roberts, S. Furness, H. Thornton and G. " FLATTENED HIM 0 ichael Mdllale, a carter. lotlgiug in Bewsey, was charged with assaulting William Green by kicking and beating him on Satur- day night-. The complainant who appeared in no wit- ness box, with his Lead swathed in bandages said he was going home on Saturday night about 10 30. He was perfectly sober. In Back Dallarn-lane the pris9ner rustled at him" flattened him out," bit him in the face and kicked Lim about the body. The prZEoner did it without any provocation. Witness had to go to the Infirmary where a wound above the eye was stitched. He was now an ont-patient.—Ptioner was committed to 2 months imprisonment.

BEGGING —Richard Southern' of no settled abode was charged with begging in New-road on Sunday. Detective Reddington stated that he was on duty in New-road about 1.40 on Sunday when he saw the prisoner knocking from door to door. Witness heard -him ask for money to pay for his lodgings.—P.C. Bennett then came up and arrested prisoner. At the Police Stetion Is. 63. in coppers was found in his posiession. His pocket was also full of bread and butt er.—He was sentenced to 14 days' imprisonment. UNLICENSED DOG.—William Cartwright, of Sharp. street, was tined ss. for keeping a dog without a licence. SUSPICIOUS CHARACTER SENT TO GAOL—James Towey, 11-irbauld-street, was charged at the Borough Court on Monday with being on the enclosed piemises of the Warrington Cricket Ground with intent to commit a felony. He pleaded not guilty.—lhe Chief Constable stated that PC. Saunders was on duty in Arpley at 10.20 on Saturday night, and on passing the cricket ground be beard a noise on the other side of the door The officer went in and saw the prisoner and another man. He endeavoured to arrest them both, but the' other man got away.—P.C. Saunders gave evidence and said the men were crouching in a corner noar the pay box.—The Chief Constable stated that prisoner commenced his criminal career in 1882 and had been in and out of prison ever since on clrirges of burglary and housebreaking and other like offences. In Augnst last yeaT he was sentenced to three months' Imprisonment for being found on enclosed premises, iu August 1897, 12 months, aad in December 1901 for stealing a box, five years ; in June 1901, indecent offence, three months ; and January 1907, 12 months: Ho had also served three years for housebreaking. The prisoner would not work. Only the other night be went to the police station and asked for a night's shelter, and although it was against the regulations it Nvas Arorded him,—Prisoner was sentenced to six months' bard labour,

SEPARATION WANTED AFTER ONLY' Two MONTHS', MARRIED LlFE.—Percy Buckley, of Bostock-street,was summoned for persittent cruelty to his wife (Annie Buckley) in consequence of which she asi.ed for a separation order.—Mr. Browne represented the &fen- dant.—Complainant stated that they had only been married two months. The cruelty began a fortnight ago. Defendant bad becn out all day and on arriving home he aFked her if she was ready for a row. Witness told him that she W3B not. Defendant then celled b& a dirty loafer and they then began striking at one another. On' Whit Sunday the defendant got up at seven o'clock and started kicking her in the stomach. The following Tuesday he came in and again asked her if she wanted a row, and again called her dirty and low, and they beg,an strik:ng one another again. He said he was not going to live with her again and was not going to give her another half-penny. He then struck her nose and made it bleed and also knocked a tooth-down her throat. In answer to Mr. Browne, she admitted hitting the defendant across the bead with a poker. She said that defendant bad her across a chair and was trying to strangle her. Defendant was only an apprentice to wire-drawieg and getting 13s. 9d. oper week. She was only 22 y.,ars of age —Evidence having been given by Mrs. Williams, a neighbour, and Police-Constable Gibon, Mr. Browne for the defence said both parties began calling each other names, and then they took ta striking each (Aber with the result that the defendant got the worst of it, receiving a blow on the head with a poker. He (Mr. Browate) asked the Bench not to encourage such young couples to come into court and take out a separation order. The case was adjourned for four weeks to see if an amicable settlement could be arrived at.

FRlDAY.—Before the Mayor (chairman), Aldermen Smethurst and Evans, Messrs, H. Thornton, W. Furness, T. Locker and G. Pilling. DomF.STIC TROUBLES.—Frank Kirkham, Farrell- street,was summoned for assaulting his wile Complainant stated stated that defendant asked her to go out with him in the afternoon, but she did not want to do so as he was going to-bake. lie then said that he would make her, and as she was carrying a can of Lolling water be seized her arm and twisted it and also smacked her in tbe face, bursting her lip and bruising her eye —Defendant slid he was very Bony for what he had done, but his wife drove him to it.—Complainant said she did not intend lo live with her husband again, as he hid assaulted her on other occasions.—The Bench decided to adjourn the case for two months in order that an amicable settle- ment could be arrived at.

TITEFT-OF COAT.--Richard Nuneerloy, a Warrington Smith, W&A chmrged with stealing an overcoat and stick valued at 2s. the property of Daniel Barker, roadman,of Stretton. Barker said Ora he left his coat and stick in a passage at the rear of Warburton-street where he was working. In consequence of what some children told him he followed Nunnerley and found the coat tind stic% in his possession. He ran away and witness informed P.C. Barber.—Barber gave evidence and said he chased prisoner and caught him near Wilderspool Brewery. Prisoner slid he found the coat in an asbbin. —1 he Bench placed prisoner under the Probation of Offtndiars Act for kix months.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
Wycliffe P.S.A.

There was a good attendance on Sun-lay last, at the Wycliffe P.S.A. Mr. R. Atkinson presided,and mentioned the P.S.A. demonstrations in Belgium recently, while hundreds from this country went to take part in the proceedings which were characterised by great enthusiasm. Mr. Wardman spoke upon " Man " what he had done, N% hat he can do, and what he is destined to do. He maintained that all powers and gifts were given him by God, to use for noble purposes. Without Jesus Christ, all in and about man would come short, and all that was done for Christ and in Christ's name would have God's b'essing. Mr. C. Cotton read the lesson, and Mr. IVardman offered the prayer- The secretary said he had during the last week, wr:tten a letter of sympathy and condolence in their name as well as his own to Mr. John Blaclotirn (the founler of the P.S.A. movement) in the great loss he and his family had suffered in the sudden death of a son and brother,' aged 32, and who was a promising man in.business. The meeting closed with the singing of a hearty hymn

===== 0002601_19090612_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
Bold Street Wesleyan Church. Sunday School Anniversary.

The anniversary ser, ices in connection with the Bold- street Wesleyan Sunday School were held in tbe church lust Sunday, when the Rev. Joseph Manning of Preston, and formerly of this circuit, was the preacher both morning and evening. Special hymns were snug by the 'children and afforded striking testimony to • the excellent training of Mr. lolalik Hickman, who also presided at the organ. In the morning the rev, gentleman took his text from two passages of Scripture, 21st Revelation, sth verse, and tOlth Psalm,3oth verse. In the course of his sermon ha slid that it seemed to him th:it every Christian must las an optimist. He must have great faith in the future because he believed in God, and therefore be must believe in that new heaven aid new earth which God had promised. Think of all the great world movements that were opening up in the East and in our on hemisphere! It was spring time in the nations of the East to-day. Think of the Revolution in Turkey and the awakening of China and Japan ! Think of the new life that was dawning over Persia and over India ! In the West there were signs of new lire, for we were au akening to our rights and responsibilities. There was a quicken- ing scnsa of brotherhood, a keener sense of justice and a grottier love of mercy. There was mord pity, ?tore tenderness all over the world, and there was a higher standird of morality aolong-t the nations of the earth. Continuing, the preacher said that they re dised the importance of changing the heart and renewing men in righteousness and in love. "We bellow tint legislation can do something," he concluded," to bring in a new earth, but we believe that religion can do much more. Only the power of God can change the selfishness of human hearts, and teich man to love man as his brother, and to love God supremely first. Whatever else is needed to make this world what God means it to be . . . . the Sitn-Tay school is absolutely essential." During the service the choir sang "A Psalm of Life "very creditably. Mrs. A. Booth gave a powerful interpretation of" With Verdure Clad."

A flower service was held in theafternoon over which Mr. John Taylor presided. The children walked down the aisle singing a hymn Iva' at the rostrum handed their flawors to ladies, who in turn deposited them in a rack. The children then marched up the other aisle, and up to the g 'fiery. The effect was very pretty and .Mr. A. Meunfiald's address dealt with the value of flowers. He maintainei that flowers were one of God's best creations and he spokwon the text "Consider the lilies of the field how they grow . . . . even Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these." He said thst men was greater in the sight of God /than even the lilies. Mr. J. McArthur sane' " Cle,insing Fires," end Master Arthur Greenough "Angels ever bright and fair" with taste and expression. In the evening the preacher delivered an impressive sermon to a large congregation and dealt mainly with the sup-emacy of Christ. He took his text from the 2nd Phillipians 9v. and in the course of his discourse seid that Jesus Christ had won a place for himself which was absolutely unrivalled and absolutely unique Of the place which Christ cccupied in the political and social life of the world, the part which Christ played in the world's politics and legislation, hi,tory spoke in unmistakable terms. While it was perfectly true that there mere un-Christian elements in our social life and in our Kosent day civilisation, we must not fail to do juvice to what had been accomplished in the realm of our political and social life, through the inficence of Christianity. When Jesus was hanging upon the Cross there were in the Roman Empire at least sixty million slaves. To whom was the abolition of slavery die? Not to the ancient philosophers and moralists, for they taught that slavery was a national institution. The abolition of slavery was because Carist taught a great truth " that all men were brothers." He had raised worn,n from a position of degradation, from being the slave of man, and made her man's helpmate. Think of .the- way in tvhich the standard of morality had bent changed by the teaching of Jesus. Jesus Christ taught the truths of the broadest altreism. Those teachings were permeating slowly the whole of Oar civil life. There was scarcely an institution of our modern life that had not been changed by the influence of Jesus Christ. The influence of Jesus was not temporary. The influ- ence of Jesus was over cultured as well as uncaltssred people. A proof of the part that Christ oc.atpied in the thought and light of the world was that wecould not go to any past of Europe or any pa-t of America without finding here and there in every town, city, and in almost every village and h smlet a Temple or build-ng erected in the name of Jesus. Continuing the prertcher said that Christianity was divided into a multi( tide of sects. We held differdnt creels, we prayed in djferent languages yet we all bowed i's the aims of Jesus, it was the one name that tinted U 3. Conctuding the speaker maintained that it was the duty of all Christians to proclaim the name of Jesus, to be true to Him, to be loyal to Him, to live in His name, to raa.'re Him our ideal and to leara from him the true principle of life. The anthem by the choir was" Arm ! Soldiers of the Lord " and Mrs. Ernest Sanders interpreLel" Divine Redeemer " with much feeling. The colle,Aions amounted to RIO.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON WOMEI'S CIACLE. Garden Fete at Latchford.

In weather tat Mrs. Gladding said "didn't laugh nor shed any tears," a garden fete was opened on Thursday Le the grounds of Mr. and Mrs. .iacl.san Holmes at Latchford, in connection with the Warrington Women's Circle. The fete was arranged to provide funds for a.wo men's institute on evangelical hn I social lines and on an entirely undenominational and unseztarian basis. At the opening ceremony Mrs. Rylands presided and WEIS supported by Mrs. Armitage, Mrs. Dod-ls, Mrs. Letheren, Mrs. Jackson Holmes, Mrs. Gladding, and Miss Browne, of Manchester. . .

M.Cfrs—. Rylan'ds, in the course of a neat little speech, said the work which they proposed to do was a patriotic one, because the women whom they trained would be wives and mothers and therefore they would have the opportunity of bringing up the children of the town hi a worthy manner. (Applause). Miss Browne then delivered an address on the work which they proposed to do, and commented upon that which was being done_in_Manchester.

. i Airs. Arnntage n declaring the fete open observed that she was there not exactly for her own pleasure but bec.use Mrs. Letheren urgently asked ber to come. She was very much interestei in the Women's Circle and was glad to help in any Way that she could. She was glad to help them to get a satisfactory room Co r their work—that was the object of the sale that afternoon. Much had been said and written lately about women, and the influence of women in the suffrae societies that had been formed. She was a member of one but rather a weak-hearted one. (Laughter.) Women should try to live on a higher level than they hal ever lived before ad i they should help their sisters in Warrington to live better and truer and • more Carist-like lives. It had been said teat as long as women were in the world so long would Christianity be. If there were any truth in that they ought to rise tl their responsibilities. Concluding she wished the Circle every success and declared the fate open. (Apprause). On the proposition of Miss Waring, seconded by Mrs. Gladding a vote of thanks was acc)rded to Mrs ftylands, Mrs. Armitage, Mrs. Jackson Holmes and all who had helped to promote the fete. The general workers stall was presided over by Mrs. Starkey and members of the Mother's Uniou. The provision stall was presided over by Mrs. A. H. Cros- field, Miss Gorrall, Mrs. Cladding, Mrs. Letheren and Airs. Harvey Cook. Tea and refreshments were in charge of Mrs. Grounds, 'Mrs. Clatworthy, Mrs. Balmford; Mrs. Wynne-Jones, and Miss Bullin ; borne made sweets, Miss Waal Fairclough and friends; ice-cream Mrs. Hall ; entertain- ments, Mrs. Holmes Mrs. Willett and Miss Girt)n •, competitiong, Mrs. E. V. Walker, Miss Dodis, and Mr. %V. J. Walker. • The fete were wall attended and realised over £2O,

===== 0002601_19090612_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN PUBLICAN FINED.

At the Runcorn Petty Sessions on Monday, before Mr. J. M. Frith (in the chair) and Mr. F. Wiswall, William Molyneux, Ellesmere Inn, Regent-street, Runcorn, W 8 S summoned for having used obscene language within the hearing of Regent-street on Wed- nesday, June 2nd.—lle pleaded guilty.—A police. constable stated that at 11.30 p.m. on the date namiA he heard defendant use very bad language within tha bearing of Regent-street. —The Bench imposed a fine of 10s. including costs.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0063.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
swor

===== 0002601_19090612_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
WARF?,INGTON TOWN CiIUNCIL.

OUNCILLOR EVAN'S ELECTED ALDERMAN.

Big Waterworks Scheme.

Thera were numerous debatable matteks on the agenda for the monthly meeting of the Warrington Town Council on Tuesday evening and the proceedings laited nearly two hours and three quarters. The Mayor (Alderman Forshaw) presided awl there were also present : —The Deputy-Mayor (Alderman Smethurst) ; Aldermen A. Bennett, %V. Bolton and T. Burton ; Comnillors P. H.•Ashcroft, T. B.trton, T. Billies, J. Broadhurst, T. Chantler, J. G. Crailc, E. Cunnington, J. Dickenson, James Evans, J. Halliwell,,J. Hawthorn, ,Dr. Joseph, F. T. Lashford, J. T. Looker, J. Pemberton, W. B. Roberts, W. Rogers, H. Singleton, T. S. Steel, J. Fulton-Smith, 0. Toole, J. Wilkinson, and W. J. Wilson; Messrs. J. L. Whittle (Town Clerk), A. T. Hallaway (Deputy Town Clerk), J. Fairhurst (Borough Treasurer), T. Long.din (Borough Surveyor), J. Dens (Water Engineer), F. V. L. Mathi is (Electrical Engineer), J. M. Murray (Director of Educ-ttion), F. a. Ruddock (Borough Analyit), and Dr. J. C. Hibbert (Medical °dicer.) - THE LATE ALDERNIAN ELLIson

The MAYOR said it was his painful duty to refer to the lamented death of their old friend and colleague, Alderman Ellison, who was one of the most esteemed and respected members of the Council, as well as one of the most earnest worker,. He. was hon,?st and upright in all he d:d. The Mayor then submitted the usual resolution .exprossing sincere regret at the death of the Alderman, placing on record the great loss the borough had sustained and conveying the sympathy of the Council with the widow and family in then' great bereavement.

Councillor EVANS seconded. an-I the motion was supported by Aldermln BENNETT, Alderman SmitrauctsT and Councillor BARTON.

The motion was then put to the meeting by the MAYOR and carried in silence, the members all standing. REPRESENTATIVE ME tfBER APPOINTED.

Giuncillor BIRTLES was appointed a representative member on the Edac ition Committee in the place of Councillor Dr. Josph resigned.

THE NEW-ALDERNIAN. . COUNCILLOR EVANS UNANINIOUSLY APPOINTED.

The Council than proceeded t) the electi )n of an alder,roP.n to fill the vactncy occlts:oned by the death of Mr. Aldermtn Ellison.

The ballot papers were handei to the Mayor, who, after examining them, declared that Councillor James Evans ha I been unanimously appointed. (Applause.) _ Alderarae JAMES EVANS having made the u3nal declaration' said he felt it to be his duty in a few sincere words to thank the Council frr their unanimous vote. (Hoar, hear.) He had felt that thy, after he hid received an intimation .that he would have the unanimous support of the Ceuncil, that he bad serve I sarnewhat of an apprenticeship, and that he had tried to do the best he could in the interests of the good Lid town that all of them loved, and in whose inter.2sts they so freque itly met in that building. As in the past so in the days to come they desired to do what they could to propagate everything that would tend to the good of the borough. There was one sad feeling in his mind on taking the seat, and that was caused by the death of Alderman Ellison, who was a man they had all learnt to highly esteem. As Alderman Smethurst had said they esteemed bun because they could rely upon him. It was quite true that they did not often hear his voice. He was a man of action and he had but few words to say. They all learnt some pr ,fitahle lessons from him from time to time, and wore struck with his conduct in the Council Caarnber. He hoped he (Alderman Evaus) would live long and in the future, as in the past, endeavour to do what he could for the town generally, lie thanked the Ceuncil for their expression of confidence in him. (Applause). On the motion of Alderman BOLTON, seconded by Alderman BENNETT, Alderman Jaw's Evans was ele_ltel presiding alderman for the Fairfield Wa d in the place of the late Alderman Etlison.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
WIMINING OF CHESTER ROAD.

The Tows CLF:rt ata meting of th) &net Improvement Committee reported that Messrs. Deinl.bp Wailis and Company, on behalf of the Ntanchester Ship Cinal Co., had accepted the offer of 3s. per yard Nr the purchisa of land required for the widening of CaeKer-road to 60 feet, and bed agree 3 to fill up and level the land near the St 'is, 13d Igo on certain condi- tions.

Alderman I3ENY.KrT in moving the adoption of the minntes, said he thought they had ac.e 1 wisely in nezoti.iting with the C ins! Company, and great con- cci-sions hat been,rnada to meet the views of the Corporation. When the road was completed it would be the sixth of the great roads leading to Warrington which hid been gradutlly widened. Sixty feet was not too much for the approach to a graat industrial centre. (Hear. hear). C uniUor ORA IK seconded.

Councillor PEMBERTON' S il-d that if other negotii- tions were coiducted on the acne Rum the rate- payers would be saved a great deal of money. The minutes were passed. M. MADELEY'S SALARY.

At a meeting of the Museum Committee, held on May 17th, it was resolved that the salary of Mr. Carlos Madeley, director, he increased to £3OO per annum. The confirmation of the minutes was moved by Alderman BeNNErr, and seconded by Councillor BARTON. - Councillor Crtaix thought the salary of Mr. Madeley was quite sufllcient, and moved as an amendment that the minutes be referred back for further consideration.. Alderman BEVNETT said he was adviJed that the Museum Committee had certain funds allocated for their u,e, and the Couneil had no control over the matter. The amendmeot was, therefore, really not in order. Personally be had no objection to the question being, fou:bt out in the Council. 03u0c111or PEMBERTON seoontled the amendment and said if the position referred to by Alder,nnn Bannett were taken' then the Council should also take up its rights. The Museum Committee hai said they were so plor that the Cluncil granted them extra money for the painting of the Museum. They also received a £2OO grant for branch libraries. It was a monstrous thing for the committee to comp'ain that the Library was starved and proceed to raise a salary by £5O. He pro- tested strongly against this proposed increase', contend- ing that 'Mr. Madeley's present remuneration, which included house, coal and g s, as well as the £250 salary, was quite adequate. He warned the Council of the tendency towards extravagance which had manifested itself of late. He could see projects ahead which would involve about £lOO.OOO expenditure. Coalucillor BIRTLES said Mr. Msdeley had been an excellent servant, and was well deserving of the increase proposed. Alderman BOLTON supported the amendment, and said it was rather outrageous to pay anyone £3OO to expend £1,400, which was the amount allocated to the Use of .the committee. • Councillor ASHCROFT wished to know whether Mr. Madeley had had any increased duties to perform to entitle him to an increase of £5O a year. He thought he was paid stifficieni. Councillor Dr. JosEerr remarked that Mr. Madeley was an-oldnervont ; in f act he was one of the oldest officials of the Corporation. He did not know one official who was more devoted to his work than Mr. Madeley. His work was his sole object in We. Alderman I3ExsErT said the mention of the Museum seemed to act upon certain members like a red rag to a bill; The mild, violent and unreasonable attacks made upon the committee, notably by Councillor Pemberton, did not do credit to that memberse intelligence. Alderman Bolton, too, had many good poin's but he was a little bit irresponsible when he got on these side tracks.

Alderman BovroNl 14 there an empty case at the Museum for Alderman Bennett?

Alderman BENNE rr : No. They are all fully occupied, or I could undertake to Mt them with some of my .personal acquaintances. (Laughter). Continuing, be contended that Mr. Madeley was well entitled to an increase in his s ilary. He had served the town for 35 years, and was the oldest official they had. He hd served them faithfully an I well, and it was 14 years since his salary was last increased. He would with- draw the minute on this occasion, and have it brought before the General Purposes Clmmittee. This course was adopted, and the rest of tha minutes of the committee were then pissed. PROPOSED REDUCTION IN THE PRICE OF GAS. Councillor WILKINSON said that before moving the minutes of the Gas Committee, be would just like to make one observation which, Varnish not arising out of the business oa the agenda, would, be was sure, be of great interest to the members of the Council. An announcement appeared last Saturd ty to the effect that the Gas C numittee propo3ed to reduce the price of gas by a further sum of 2d.• The Committee had been carefully cons.dering the question, and they felt that the gas consumer should participate to a greater extent in the success of the undertaking, and while they intended to make a reduction, to take effect after the 31st October, the announcement of the amount of the reduction was rather premature, as 2d. was the amount in the eeind of the Committee but the figures could not be accurately settled until after the coal contracts for the year had been acceptel. He would like also to say that they proposed to give the same benefit to • the slot meter consumer by moans of a system of discounts. Continuing, Councillor WILKINSON said he had great pleasure in formally announcing to the Council that the net profits for the past year had been £13,387 is. 2d., a record sum when one considered how the profits of the Gas Committees all over the country had been so greatly reduced. It was most creditable to the officials of the Gas Committee, that, despite the decrease in ,the price of gas given last year, and the great cost of co d, such a profit should have been made, and a word of

praise ought also to be given to the Committee, whose results proved that they carried out their business in a business way. It was a cause of great reg-et, h 3 WaS sure, to all of them that bath their esteemed Cbuirmaa and Deputy-Chairman Were prevented by illness from being present that night, as they were in the closest touch with al the/details of the departmeut.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
SALARIES INCREASED.

A meeting of the Gas Committee was held on MaY the 21st when it was decided that the salary of Mr. J. MoNicholl, assistant gas engineer, be increased from £175 to £225 per annum. The same committee also resolved that the following increases of salaries be approved :—Mr. E. J. Smith, chief clerk, from £l6O to £175 per annum ; Mr. R.Hind, ledger clerk, from £133 10s. to £l5O per annum ; Mr. A. Wood, clerk, frgm £l3l 10s. to £l5O per annum. ' Councillor WILKINSON moved the adoption of the minutes of the Gas Committee and said that when they had good officials they ought to make it worth their whi4e to stay with them. Mr. McNichol!, who came to them in 1906, had proved himself a cipable and trustworthy official,ani one whom the committee could recommend with every confidence for his present increase. Mr. Smith, the chief clerk, was an oid servant of the Corporation, and occupiel a most responsible position in connection with the financial side of the as works. He had been in their service since 1882. Messrs Hind and Wood had both been in their service for a great number of years, and had always done their work well. He hoped the Council would show their appreciation of the efforts of the officials of the Gas Committee by passing those increases unanimously. Councillor TOOLE seconded, and did not think anY _

committee had such hard-sorliing officials as the GJS Committee.

Councillor LOCKER in supporting said the officials were most enterprising and painstaking. • Alderman BOLTON also supported. Councillor PENIT3ERTON thought it was too much to ask the Council to grant an increase of £5O to Mr. McNichol', seeing that ou March 13th, 1908, he had an. increase of £25. He moved as an amendment that thR minute referring to Mr. McNichol' be referred back for further consideration. Councipor LASHFORD seconded.

- . Councillor SINGLETON supported the committee as the work of the officials was sh own by the profits made at the gas work,.

_ Councillor BIRTLES supported the m7nutes bezattso the Committee hai devoted great attention to them and they ought to receive credit for doing their bed. The amendment was lost by thirteen votes to six ani the minutes of the Gas Committee were then carried-

THE WATERWORKS-BIG SCHEME 1N

PROSPECT.

Tbe Water Committee resolved that the engineer be authorised to con.ult Mr. George Hill, C.ll, and t/ obtain his report on the scheme for improving the supply of water to the town and districts.

6tincillor FULCON:SIWITH regretted that it was big duty to move the adoption of the minutes of the Water Committee on account of the illness of Alderman Evans. He bat however, much pleasu-e in referring to the finincial statement of the Borough Treasurer which was very encouraging and they hoped that satisfactory state of affairs would continue. Alderman BOLTON seconded.

Councillor PEMBERTON said that unless the members of the Council were very careful Councillor Fulton Srnith's hope would not be fulfilled. The first year they got a profit they began to rush into expense. lie failed to see why they should incur costs in the first. place by engaging a man of the standing of Mr. George Hill, because the schema presented no engineering di:FicAties. If they employed another engineer, mid when he had reported it was found that there was any exceptional difficulty, it would be time enough to incur the expense of appointing Mr. Hill. Before they savr the present scheme through, it would cost theft £lOO,OOO. The matter had been rushed too much, and had not received sufficient thought and attention- People who formerly stood for economy were not doing so to-day, but he warned them that this scheme would meet with great opposition which would mean some-- thing in Parliarnelt. He contended that the data on which the report to the Water Committee was based was wrong. The MAYOR said the resolution only gave authority to cons'st Mr. Hill, and that could not mean very much.

Councillor ROBERTS said the committee had spent innumerable hours in g ring through the schems but every time they h id bern thwarted by the objections of Co incillor Pemberton. His opposition belame such a. nuisance that they thought it absolutely necessary that an expert should go over the s Theme submitted by Mr. Deas, and they selected Mr. Hill. The TOWN CLERK sa;d Mr. Garside, who made the report in connection with the Lawson contract, had 'already been consulted in the matter and he approved the course decided upon by th 3 committee, in fa-t he almost. suggested it in the first instance. Councillor CRAIK also complained that Councillor Pernbertort's a, Milk) was not fair to the Water Com- mittee. He did not give advice but objected toevery- thing thrrt was brought forward. Cirmaillor PEMBEISTC(N said ha had offered sugges- tions, but he was insulted. Councillor WILKINSON said the reason for the scheme was th it at present they had not sufficient pressure to meet the demand, and it was thought advisable by the committer; that a larger main should 133 brought from Winwick to Lonford-street. Tney were in favour of & 21 inch main but Coancillor Pemberton thought 18 inches would be sulicieat. However, he did not oiler proof for his ststement. Whit did Warrington care about'a bit of money ?—(laughter)—and what did they care about a bit of money if they got the beat? .1t wtrs. the cheapest in the long run. Tne minut3s were approved. On the minutes of the General Purposes Committee .ppeared the following :—Tne Committee considered the report of the Water Committee on the High Level supply, and suggestions for the improvement thereof. It was resolved thst the recommend 'lions of the Com- mittee be approved, and that the Water Committee be authorized. to appoint two professional experts to report on the proposed scheme, and to give evidenee in support thereof before the Parliament3.ry Committee of the House. Councillor PEMBERTON moved that the- minute be referred back. The Council were being asked to con- firm the scheme before Mr. Hill had approved it. There were many things in Mr. Doss' report which he (Councillor Pemberton) did not think an expert would agree to. Winwick, which was a big customer of the Corporation, was sinking a well of its own. He con- tended that the scheme was based on wrong data and il some respects was impracticable. Were the Council going,to- adopt the scheme blind-fold and then employ Mr. Hill to report on it? The TOWN CLERK. said that when Alderman Evans brought it before the General Purposes Committee he said he only wanted an expression of approval of the scheme. That was all the resolution meant ; it was not adopting the scheme. The scheme. as amended bY Mr. Hill—if it were amended—would be submitted to two statutory meetings of the Council before it was adopted. After discussion, Councillor PEMI3EILTON withdrew his amendment on the unlerstanding that the experts' report would be submitted to the Water Committse before the scheme was brought up for adoption. The minutes were then approved.

THE ELECTRICLTY AND TRAMWAYS UNDER-

TAKINGS.

Alderman SMETHURST moved the aloption of the minntes of the Electricity an 1 Tramways Committee. and said at tirtt sight it might seem that the positi°n. of the electricity undertaking was not so satisfactory as previously. That, how ever, was nit the case. The dapartrnent had never Len in a stronger stste than at. present, the "costs of .production having been verY materinlly decreased dtu r ng the year, and the charges in force for lighting and power purposes and reduction or meter rents and discount put electricity well ahead of all „its competitors. With reference to the accounts of the Tramways Depnrtment for the year ending :Vat Nlarah, 1909. it avls a matter for congratulation that 11. net profit of £2,370 had been made, notwithstanding the concessions made in return fares. This was £209 le" than in the previous year land the decrease, as in tbe majority of other towns, was manly due to the state of trade. The profit would have been still less but for tt. further reduction in working F.xpenees, which were noss' almost at the low figure of 61d. per car mile. Alderman TIENNErr congratulated the Electricity an(' Tramways, Gas and Water Committees on the satis- factory results of the year's working. The net profits of the four departments amounted to nearly £1.8,00 and the gross profit- to about £55,010. Assuming the gross profit to be only £3ti,ooo it represented a dividend of 4 per cent on the total indebtedness of the Corpora- tion which amounted to £1,250,030 and included everl department. It wasp-it-Mental-1y gratifying in these daYst when we were so often. told that municipal enterptis° had failed. The minutes were approved. . •

===== 0002601_19090612_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
cvcLTsr CLUB 3 AT RAINFORD cHuacfr.

The fifth annual cyclists' service, promoted by the St. Helens and Ormskirk Clubs, was held on Sunclnl afternoon at Rainford Church. The congregatiol numbered close on 400, and included representatives 0, the Rainford and Selmersdale Clubs. Special arrangr ments for the ca-e of bicycles, &c., were kindly runue by the officials of the Rlinford Club. The weathor. though threatening, proved fine. Canon Bridger (vicar) and the Rev. Th)mas conducted the service. Tte lessons were read by Mr. S. Brighouse, president of tue Ormskirk Club, and Mr. NV. J. Ashton. president of Sr' Helens Club. Canon Bridger wolcotned the cyclists to the service, remarking that when they released for. short time from the wear and stress of life thc;ir bodies needed smne change which would rest Invigorate them, but the man who th-mght only of body and-his physicil powers was not walking in tue, vocation to which they were all calle I. Their prescnc_ there was a testimony to the fact that while they tool every measure to keep and maintain their phvsin!f nature in a good condition they were -not unmindful their higher and spiritual being.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0068.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_19090612_art0069.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
3.yv. li\vs

i'

,

===== 0002601_19090612_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
PICTURES OF THE WEEK.

' 8" ."''''. - ' • : ..,-:. '::. -,...::: '', ' ..:...: . . .....-.A.ii:::ii.::::::::E:::::i]: ..........,...... .. .. ... .. . ....,,,,-..... „..-...... .. . • . ............ . ........,... .. ...... - ..... ... ............................ -- - • •' ' - -9M1r:,3i,::::::::-•:'::::,..i*':::::::': :. f$::•;:..:::::'••::::'::::::::.:::::a:::it.:',.••:-. - ".'. it:•:: .-.:;i:':'..*.::: -"'::3:::::::..:' ' '.:::. ';'..:*::.••i::.:':::::::.:::::.:•i?:::::•:::::::iiiii:.ii.:iii,:*:::::::::::::.!. • ••••••••;:i:if..,:.:i:::':::..1;.. :•••::::::::':::.:::::::: s'. : ' 5::::::%:,:.:-•• '-') '- ' • ••'' , . ',..*. If :... '::::..:::f.:,.. •'•,' " . ..• ,:-.....:.:....;;::.:.:ii:i::.:]:K:i::::?::::.:::if:*::::::::.:::::?:::: ......,.............:::::::;..*:•::::....,...::::•!.;'..' ........ ::::. , ' , ... ... ....:.::::. ?:•;..::::.i.:::::::::::: '::. : .., ':•-.-... ' ..::::::::::::.:::;i.:::::.:,.::::;M:;:::.'''.0......:::••••••••.::...':;'::: : ...-;:.4,0i„,....- .11iiMilP:::•:.:-.*: ...-ii.:::....•,1::..,'...::,...;:iii:-..::>..::::::::.:::::.:Vi.f.::::.:: ''...' . .... '- ' .; .-.. :::::::-......:::.:': i 7;:::::.i.:•:::::P.:!:..1 . ..... ' ..*:::::: 1.,::."...:',...;;:::•:::::::::-..i...;::::.......1:...,,.....":::.,:::::.:•::::,:ii:%':...„....; t .°64."4.'f.''....•:.:::::*:-........7...:1.:...;...:. ..:.:.....:41:i.:...:: ..• .....i.iiiii11!....ii....1411.iit : ' .1 - ..'':!.' .:::. iirf.l..(ii••.!". '':.!:;ti1'i11i"ii..........,...:;;..„:::...:]*:.:;......*'::j1;.:k1:::Jirigi;111.1:a.'::.:1 '' ....." :'''''''''.'''::' :.....;:' '''''''''''''.:.:;':::::: ..:. ••••'.:::.,:ii.fii43it...:* ..'.;'..:•0 ;:ii:?:i::gi..-::•;::ii:.:•dt:::I-1::::s<s'liTi.....2::•iali.ii.iii:jft:::r:::...::,;:!..!Ig:::::::.i::•: . .. '''' .-...''.'''''...:5i.i.:.;J;.11..'-..!......'4..:.':::i.,..:' ;.,:. ..: 1A:....;":'' ....i;i•i• ;.; ::::-:::::::::.:,:.Viii:.:"::.!:. ''':.;:::.iiiii.:':::?4:4:.'l;l:.:..•-'...':•;:s';..titF.;-:::-*:1:k'tili.ilitt ...:-.,ii.:'•..., • .•'.:•:"-„•••:•.::!:.'i.: ...,.. .....;-.§...-,:f::::'24t.4o.i;.if';:. .........: , :....i...0:: .';:....i..-2i.::::.:•?'... X'...,;,:;!giliri..;:::''' • • ..t.:1:::14:..4'.;::1::i:.it.. ...:::. .....::;...:;:•:.! Of ' ••,. ii::i:;:i:::i• '4:::,i...i::::.*:::::'''.'. :::'...- .-:1:-. ... . ....:,6t.,,,..:.gRal L, • :...--.›. ::::.t:::.4.--...--,:ii:::i::::..1,,,1..---',:.:..i..„..::;•:::::.-- .4..,:..-..::::gw-fi1i4.1.. --.....- -....... .. ;• .- , ''W,..Z.Lf-,047,-,.z:‘ ' ..." . ......::•:.:::::;.::::::i.i::•:::.:-::-::-:::..-' ....?::-.....4.07L: ....i.4§:i,i -111.1.55*?:i.:§E...i.::::::- .. L-..-.....-.-- s'L•ii. .-":::::-....'''''--'5'"......f...riS:....'::::' ..: : 5 '-: "*.'.'„,':'''':*.....s?--. ' ' ::::.::.,..:',":..,....-;L:.<,f-i..ii?:ii--'5,.,.:-.4'?:;--tri,i,.:L-..„L• ->...:::5;`, :ft..*:t3:o4iii.. - • ..i:::::g:::::. :'..., ..... ~. :; : . : . . . : .; . ..... ... , .....,..,;.„.:.:;.:::.,,.A.,:...,........64.;c:....,..,..........,.. . -...Kii..ify,':v:.!it.:;:4L'4,i:z.:iiii,)::::::i::. L • ..::::"..siiiiK:ir.. ? :::::,.... - '....:,...'„•-••,',-:,..-. ;.,..,=--, ' --: --;;„..,;...,, L',.- L.-.:::- .:V.'-.1i.',..„.„.....-11.g ~..:.:L... .. ...:::!.:liiiti.lW,llSiP";:...:- '::.Z..t::'.,, • -•,-,;:i..:i.,:l ......r-Z..-.:',„:"..:1'..-1.:T!;:.: . - ......'LL-.., ..'....--....-5...4:.P.,';',...: ':. :.-..... •"..,..ii.:•-.4 Itre:iiii.: -,-;-:. -' - , ••-..::::',,iiii*.:..:•••••4:::!'w.:z...,m,...,:•:.-:..:::;r:-..iii-i:-:::•.:::".-..;.:•:•:-.:? ~. ' .....14 . ".. -..:-::`,:....,...;.-:•: i'L. i.,:-.1.:......V0fti.:,ia: _„,_,'• • .......:',..4: .it .r....:.:::::-:4-,::::,...... • ':-...-;-::-.:.?44--`.:?1'q:4'n:lig:gfikniEi--;:.... - : ::.:o..i,:ki - . . ...i:f ...-.... , ~.....,...; :- •,......,.......1,...:?::: : .rit.., ...:.:•.4.:e ...1,._:::::.::::'.:ii.:: • • . ;.' .LL:§,....:-,.-- -L. L ........-.. :i§goif.:.-. . .:::::....: ~,.....,....:-.f. ' :-........*,.. '. : ' .-, -,,,,:i4.....,-;.4. 4 ....,-.,.....vr..i,w-.,--e.L.:.:.,fir - ~. - -.....:::f.: /..: 7.4 r,....,.• --: . . ~...." : ......... .:.:z:K:::ii...:::..:.:.:::::..::::.::::::::-::::..::.:..:-.- ..... --• ' L ... •':-.''4.-'11,1';';:i. -'...i..:3...;:.-5..:ni;,.. ' ::"...' ' ' .....*--,•..: ' 'L . -L.,' ~- ....-......:::::. Igii- :iL.:-...i".:•::K.:.:.1:::::::::- ...,„....: ; .... '.- ~ .'. -. ,:,'-',.....::Ki- .- -,. • :''-'..-f-,..:>',.. - .... , • . ~.,•::::::i...:::::Ew::::: - . . ', . L'.. ::::ii....."..-,-0::...:.? -.....-- - '''' .... 'k:.. . .. ...........;;:..' . '.. . . ,- , x. . :..A.::;.inVii9.:•":"..::" .. .• ' .: . ' -. ''.!§..$.iiii.i:::::::•:::::::::::.;;]::',.:::::.:::::4- L -, • ,-,.....f, -, ........., . ,f, _ . , .. ~. • -,... .:{L..,..,:.::::.::::.:::-. .. . , . -....--• ..:.L.:L-:::,,,L,L:::KkL,:i:,.:•::;::,1,-,?:•:::K::.*:,::::::,i, ...L..... ••• . . ...,•:,•-,.:::....:::.:;:"..:::,Le:::-.:iii:.iikz' ~:, - .- .2 ' : , L - - ....:-;&L.Li-.::.4%;i::: a',, - , • . . - L -::::,.:,,, ....,,,,,.:-..,... ••, . ...- -.-.. ~..:-..-:•:......,,,,,,,,i4.:,.:::::::::,..,:.::: ': -. -.,' .. ''. ........, ' ....... . ' ..."-';':"....:. • '..':.-P4., '' -.L.,- -• • - '...::::.:".. ' "•-••:'.....,WLVii.:-.iiii:-.::::•:.lowiiii.L:if.:::".;.-: .. " :•-..k....:.0?,i4L-. -4.h.5,L-L'.,...N..<.:.,.:.,...:,..,..:.; ..-.. , ..-..,.....,.:L,,.,L..;•./...:.'.......;,..-L-:-• ....,...-:;:::.::v...i.... -..i.vmr, .... , • • . . L L-:::::?..:',....'• tL.-.L:'.::-:,:::'L.,Li.f.::L.:.'Wkr .......-V: .0.'4,- -....-..::::::..1.1'..:•:.- --:::,:,...,-,',':.-.1.,:::;;:k.:-.. -.,..iiiitit.;:.::::',"!•:'.4.,.:-.:..5:;&:',,.f....;*.:g3":".::•-.....; .. , ...-::::*:.:.i: L , i",.:,',.:.:',.-..:1.-'.c.,„'" ' 4..P.` :‘,::::.1::.....:.....aitii•iii,:. ::,:%;*%;.:-,-, ,141,1',..4',:..,..,,c.:f.:.;:,:i.:i.,,7.4.*:.:::,.**-iii.,,,,.:.:.:44:-iiixtv:kv,::-.tip,ii:::.: :.. .-.. .-.......,:;:iiiiiii.:,::::':i1:*:...:3.,:...... 1 , :.:,,....,...•,.....,--,-.. ,',E,,,,,,,k,,,*4}.- ..v.F.1,0-....2,..iic<i, 5,,,..:.iitr417..,,.v....:-..:,;,::::,:iy.,..i.,..,...* .....;,..1,,,......,...... i4ik;:%-:104..3::•,'11ii '.A.X:i!'4.0..,'...."..-•:f,"•";:iig,Rii,4fc-,',D'.......]:•:', •••••:**t;',:'''''''''':' •:; • .....:''''..K*•.. ~..,ia:': :,.3.:X:;::i.i...:.:'..:„...... .• .. ... .-. ' . . W..40.1:1Kc.,i i'li,:',.,-;:::•:. -•••• • • • • . .•'''' ;?...,.,,:.;,:ia.::::.' '::'..;:':i41'.,ii"::.....• Mros.ii•Eita;',‘'..:::.:.:,..::•::Rt-':1:.;:t-Ik.:..:4' ....,-.:::Kkggi':&:.1••:;:i1.1. . ••,.:, 0,',..9'.';i.%10?;i:r.f.:•:-• -:'''''''.:o4.::%lk:izi 44 ;45=RA:<'54.:.7.i.. s .4*...::•5• 4e44'. :..'....:i.,o:itl:ai:iiii:s:;.,::*iii:ia.:.;:i•Cie:ii':.:i •ii'.:..,....*5,:::`• ', ~:' . '. '," •,4.4. f.t.::>:-...,,, . :',i::•..,:.c.:::::,:::.:,.:::•:::,.:4.,i,Wr.,•Z;W:::Kit,i,iTA,,,10.0:ifti:".•;k.;. A, .., ''.;41,:ft...:3";E:i!':,,,.1';,,:;::::,::::i:::::::::,.§.:Wk:$•,:a::i*:-..teg.ti.:•.,:.**:.,:::i:if:;;,;:l ' , .' .: • : ':"..4.5..':':::::::-::'l'''''">'''' .:.:*' :'...1:;.., ...e:::Ws,::::ii,iiMiii..;:i*.iXiiiiiiiig.if:,n•Sii_...._..,*::.:...,::::. •:*:4-:1i7.if:7'49::,K4it,.?,00.3t:f:!,:1,i,,,,,..ef,i:::?::;.3,21.,?:Nz. r, :::• ,f,,,,,,,i,•;,..,..,:::, ~... ... . '.....,..........t,445-....*:.1:•!:::::ii:::::::•:.:Aif•k:::t:g.•:e:e..IIW:t.i'•777_,,,:i:40:al:4-. 0013i:11Kit'35;%,VierXWO:;:i.'iiV;.?:.':::M..*:...<::...::- .;iii:lii:.:.i::.:ii:?.:. .• .'.:i'.• . <:::.::;::::.. .......:':'....:.:::g 11f.04,.::i'.::"1g0i,,,.fti,..40M:Rige1aiMN.;>.,:V..C.i.r..41<:•:•:r.;,it).iMi:01::::,,,,,,Z:1,:1i:•:.:i'Z.r:::.`;'.-.:-::. 5.............:..'Ag;(4iNgii:;.i'.... :".4.0.6.k,:i*:,....0....: 1r . ..:.1...::::::'.i.,•::::it f':*...'7,i'',:•::t,c.i1'ii.g:,ijii.,:;:i.i:tiii5,:•:'a,,::.;3..,j:::i2i.:.,,:n.:*!...K,:i:,K.;;::.::::?..:::::::;;4•;.:,.-iii::.4::::1';..::..:;:::'......ii;**K:giiiiiAiitiK,::,i::;:•,,..,:;,:;:,•,:i:i...,,:,.....i*:•:::.• , ' ''.;.. :::.'.: .:''.''.....'...:.' ''..l. ~.''''*'.::....1.:iiii.....***,....:':'''...:''.'i'.":.4•••••.......,.. ...........;,', .x,.::::' • ~,,,,.. : ,44 , • . . - '... ~ ...... •.•,.. . • • ~.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPERIAL PRESS CONFERENCE.

newspaper editors and proprietors representing the Press of Canada, to ihralia, New Zealand, India, South Africa, and the West Indies are at present on a visit gr Is ' Country At the Foreign Office they have discussed with the official world the tat Of th question of cable news and press intercommunication between the various parts ft i t Empire' m and from now right on to the enl of June they have a continual round of on nct i Of s and sightseeing. Our photograph, which was taken on the occasion of the visit lett7e delegates to Lord Burnham, the President of the Conference, shows (reading from right) Mr. Gyffin Thomas, chairman of the Australasian delegates; Lord ..Durnham, 4ltigtl Graham, the first Canadian journalist to be knightci, and the Hon. C. J. Kirwan.

, ....::::;.•:'•:::::•:(....:.,::,..,.••••••••••••. _.: ::'•'4::'''..ki:.•?:'••i.,4iiii:,,i:::.•:Wiii.s,..4ii4;:•.::•-4,•••••••••• • - '' : :...",f5..-,.: ..,--.":1""':•:',i::MAPV, 4gileiii:z.VM:i*:::::::::,,,,,,, . . •,. ...:•,., : .•••••••• • , :ii...5•11,0,1:f...!4-444:NUi::.:;:ia::...ispO:kii: . • :.- ...' ' .::." • ' . '''''';'' '' ...:;', ..k:"4:5,70:,:::?„,:::•:::W0.::,.;.::;:.:,, . . . ,„.. . ..... , ...444 V.,:.,::::,t,..,;•::.:',,,::::::•,::::.:•:::•:"..P.:. ..., , ~,..i.,:.;.>„,.*.; :::;.',...„..:*,,, ...........4,::::;,,:!: k,:::::::........:::.:, :.:::: • : ~,s• }:••••••::::::.,:k.;:.:::::,•,,,.:.:::4::::.:.,..S.,,,::,, .. . .......... ..::',...:.......:. . t:i.a...',o;o::?:;+::::'4i:igOPM V'f.:4oflifie:;:4:o? :.fi.krjeAit.:k•Onats:4oloig: "' '. ' • . i'.: ...-: glikPl:',-fflg:-lit4ggiiMPlA.V. reA, ...:, . .. . M ............,-.r*.:...._,,.' .....§..i.g.....:")...' . 0 4) :5 , ...;::-.. ;.- 4 • • ',• •• : • ..., > ...:X.91.:14ii •I '.' • < ... •• •, , ' 11111111111...: >••••• . • ~ 0 o.lta'?..*::: . . • . 4., ..T.,..6,, .. ~ ‘1.''...::.. ....)....'".7.::::::iiir' . . ,',:. '• . r'sk••••.:-...-• ..„...... -. . ....: . •••;..' •. • . ••• ' •••• 4.:.•.''' '.' •,.,.:•••:. ,":"‘ - -., #*•<-. ...I -:. .- • , .:. '''..':-• ,- .. . ::,, ‘.. • "A, /4. - . . . -,:f: :. ....: . ..g.:4,. •:? . . • IN---,....„.__ -•,..-::.,..;.,'. .-- :t. - . " -... ..... • . , . -.•• • .. •

•••••••••••1.111.11. c •-'"'' ~,',:z, ':*.i..:::i*::::if.:::::::;:::,.:::::,:::::'...*:.,::::::]::::::::2::::'W:.',,f,". .',,:‘ :-;',V::•.:.%.:* •:, ~...,:'..;...:..:4:.:::::::::-:,',:.:-,::,:::.:::::.?:.gi::::igitiiiimii.,:ii!...i$01.•:.7.-•:"'. .*: ''..i.::::.f.fi;ii:::•:::',...:•'''' .......:::::*:::loltol.,:iiigiin.:Mi:' :::'.1*.1',.-....0..:-.,;( .::,..:.,:.:1::::.....*::::::::...!;ffigill;giir::•".;:,:;:: :,:.....,...-...-ii:.• ..' :1•:-. r.:2.( ..'.:'.::::::"::.:::::;;i:;.:::"::;;;:::;:k;• v..' . ~ ..,,, ' ;,...,....,;::,........... .::: ::,- .. : ......, • ~,, ...::::::.,...,4-.. 44;i:i:::::,:i*i;:ii:ii:::. ....: ~?.R.... • ,T# ..j,k,,. i:.::-...::::::',i')......s.....::?:::::.....;:'........i.,it.0 ....iii::.".. :',..:.',.N:,i.: .....: :".....:".....:,:',;,:::....:'":...;::,::::: .::..N:4,:;:.j.,;;;:.ii.:,...i."::::::15, %::•i..:T.''.:::::::::f::::::. • .....:*::::::::.,:::: .:,:. .....M...i..,,,n: '..1..1-eNp......:, ...... ~ ~,,,, ..,-,,,,...............- . . Mii;!:::.:......:::::::r.M.i;ii:'..:.:.';':','....g......::.,.::::•:•:::.".....;,...,:::: ....::.:n,,,: . , ::':::1:::::t1g.:','''::::1....':::::.14....;.•:.;:....,..:.;i1 ?::i.!;l`gli:.niii;eJ:.'.;...":";.. '. ' s.' A'Ss. VA.54..'....:•::....1t.i.. .geN -.::-OcOig;i::pil.:'I:','...:. .. .. : 5c53.,-: ~..angti.::...V..:...:A:' ..-..:5:.W::::.:i' "''''''':.',':':.:::"."'•:::::::".j:,n.,:.....

===== 0002601_19090612_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
lIIE CROWN PRINCE AND

PRINCESS OF SWEDEN.

- - to Pie Crown Prince and Princess of Sweden arrived in London on Tuesday on a visit th;47,e Duke and Duchess of Connaught, the parents of the Crown Princess. It is stated to die Crown Princess is the most domesticated of young Royal mothers, and according ell-know-i and popular Swedish writer, Mrs. Jensen, the Crown Princess insists upon th_u_!r children's clothes being made at home and under her direct supervision. Moreover, 4.erincess takes a great pride in the hands and feet of her little sons, personally cutting nails once a week, performing the delicate work of manicure and pedicure which is Usually lavished upon children of tender years.

- - . A.f.l •••• • :iii4i. -...e:•:":44:600:,••;,,,*:.:,.. 44?:.00.1%,005, ..... ::',.. 1.. e*.o::*:::,.._,—. :'!!..: :.:..,...-..... ...‘moite•f.-...'......-4.iLgtii,'Aiii,...-4;',. .:•:'3W--,•••:A-,-,4-Z----':..:::i::?.:-.Qi:V....0,-...::•:,,,,:: • ii, ,::•:',„, , WlAkr*W4-e*-',:,,:V01X114.4.,?.?.,. i %•t5.wi;•.z:::•::4.,•,:: ::•::;,.::::i;::., ',*,•. .:!-.*::.:::....:...:.. ~,,,,,•:::::::::...::::::4100-5v.,. w.,,,,,.4.,,:3Kk:::•::...,...,,i,:::::::::::::::, ~ • .. :,?..w4;:liilii:si ,i:.**.i!•,iiiiF: .r:;g. ::!;A•',7„.,,i.:,i;:-,-0.::,,i,-„,.i,.,:: -...,......g.:*:::.:,:k. ~05,-.o...ilitgOii!'§:Y!ViiK,:::,',..::::. ' , I J.IO4EIWA.Jak W liii*aqie4eoPV74los:Paiio4ll4lollk,:,„,_ 1 ''''''''' 1: ,iTtglitt'P.'i.-14*4114:::::.:,?;:....,"•.-j..!:Wte:1014.:',.1.17.1 C%-115.;i:;,;i:i4ii:. ',...':' •-• ~. 1 1 1::....., •-::- ,••;•,...i..itm."ll-':':-.--•'-' -.1t.tii:'4.44:44.47.i;;:::,,,,,..:::000,:1-44,• .4„ii.:.,:4.x .4 ::;:goa*:: -,...:,: 1. ; ."......,:,.:., _ ...„ „::::ft.,:i . . ',.., ' ~:.',4,.€,:•i.:::::Mi....a,,,,.:::',..,:i,::.:7.,.:?,,,,..,.. • ~•*~:.x.,. ....*:,:,*K:: • , .. . ~. .7. I's fi'..,... *9*,:;l -.- • ,'• ' .......-..- . !...i...,•;:ii?:,Tm1.eiii,77:.--,:::::::Iiiii:0*:,.:..., '. ''':,4l::'''. ' :.,,:: - ... ',.:.,;.:.. ::... ~:,..',,,.',,E:,'.,:.,::,;. ':','-':..:.i:::.: e:771::,rft::4.*:::',.,:,:.- 1 . .45Ef.,•,,1"•;:?: ~ ' '..,:::*,. r'' -•:M.-::::0: :: ~.:.::ii.,.:ii•gt-::;.:,d .:.4 .::,:r,,,:p...:.:. , ~.: :-... ,-,::...,.... :.,... :::::"........, .: :. .:,.,..:::::.:. , :::. Ki,...,..:::.::::.:::,:::::. .. • • .::: . ..... ,::::***, •-.::.:,•:,,i •::•,:::.:::::.:,':''.:.:*i*joßw.:4oV-..:;:.::i,:.'.,:iiii.0••::::....:-,D:: --4:;;,::::, - &...1.:: 4,.:. P. '3!'* OgillagiVif.:l*,,,,Sii.o:4o.*:.:• g•:!..!.. .!i1i.,.."....i.i?! .: -..!-:!:.!'•-iii]iii;it 4i*;*M-e,::. ...•.'t t.iiiii'::::: ..', ! ....:::::::•::::.... ! . 4v* '>>'' - ••:!&::,-.,::.•••;V:iW i:- .:,!....!::::::. .! "if:-. tr.:::34 ".. -1..,3it::.?..: : ...,,:-.3-.....,-:•.,-, : 4:.:-.:.: ...---.*,,,..;0..:;ww,:i0e..ipm. 45.,,•::•:,.k.::. ,§x....:,.:-. • .: ....! • :•'.:.,::::::;:::;;;:i...:::::::::::,..,..:.:.-.,,,:.:.,.:%,;:": .-::,:::';':-..,.:,,,:::,,,,,:::::::: .....:::,:,.....:;,...,,,::.:::::.::: '.• • .- ~......,R-t,>,:::,,..:MA1r*,..:::::',:::,:g,:i*:.:::*:. :'::.:5.'.*-.:*::::!".•• :!.',:,!.,.......t....... W4igiV.aiiiga.':Prl.o:: ii:, ..':.,,•:,:,..!,.4%.1„ff.::-.:....-Vititil,,,****mqa-ligiiiii.iiiiiiiioo.:ili4:::frf' e-lifk3OlO:4S:Y.A. gt.;...,y...:1, i 1, t'o;.,: .... itf.:, •A& ;•.:40:!,....: : f ....4:VA4000,40P- -A:::::.:,:giggie„,ogromigniggigNamt ::. • '—.41:.,..41:41-..ititk....:::•::...---4.0.„,,UV.v.4.t:/:.::::loo:.:::.::agß:o..om.i.,:pgeogeg.i.:oosomegx - ' 'f)-:''''''.4m:li:,:;,::„...ogniroa• *1:&:...*.g.•.':•:—:- :,*!.&:...,,,*Aimip.loo:No.g*Fint.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINCE OF WALES AS HOTEL PROPRIETOR.

THE DUCHY HOTEL AT PRINCETOWN. th rev, re_ People are aware that the Prince of Wales owns a fully-licensed hotel situated in .note village of Princetown, a few hundred yards from the Dartmoor convict prison. tecently the old house appeared rugged and weather-beaten, but recently the Prince of io ea had .r the the place entirely restored and ree-fronted at his own expense ; and in preparation th arrival of the Royal party Mr. Rowe, the landlord, had to give all his visitors notice ;IN inust vacate their rooms by Wednesday night. 4 large nutnber of bathrooms '40134, Zen built on to the establishment for the convenience of the Prince's suite, and skilled .1..1%7. Workmen are at present busy, adding finishing touches to the new wing. The 114,T5it sfirmounted by x.crown, seen in the foreground of the photograpkwas erected at "te I,72.sirn to commemorate Queen Victoria's Jubilee. As it had become discoloured by e.ol„,Z4ther, a specially selected convict has for some weeks past been daily occupied in —lllg it with acid in order to restore it to its original bright appearance.

\,OUR-Iyii

** * *

tl'th N Yttabi.lvae published last Monday an ,WPrk on the History of Method- -1)111grs up-to-date the story of the Val and subsequent Methodist pt,:!ile;qt started by John and Charles kt;11„ it, 4* century and a half ago. To most go:\v4-ethodism belongs only to what are quads the Methodist Churches, but. to tio,°,;Sro-fe,l;ts of history it belongs to the tltti7 „` ne nation. The object of Messrs. toil74gl,7qu Stoughton in preparing this com- ,NOtetev,."verk has been to tell in the most A i% way the story of Methodism,tracing Ihfitiatia Working in the smaller bodies of tNils wile have inherited its name and 11'441aer'; and following the careers of its ts beyond the seas. lAt

* * * * olleerned here with that part of Inch touches Warrington and are that recognition is given to the "vt,,etiees as the centre from which many ltk wiladiated. A narrative of the itlell th Mello led to the formation of, the t t dist Church, now known as Oti epe d ent Methodist, is sy mpa- NI, a, re,',,lven by Rev. H. B. Kendall, M.A, 'IOC Ilanirt expressed that the older and 1410taitiedse well worthy of survival was visf,Of Peter Phillips and the eyoch- Y refe ef Lorenzo Dow there is also rence, and we.get a glimpse of the

old home in Ship-yard with the earnest conferences- and strong labours out of which the Primitive Methodist denomination grew.

Though Primitive Methodism was the out- come of the historic meeting at Mow Cop in May, 1807, it must be remembered that the! influences which lay behind it came largely from Warrington. If there had been no Dow, there would have been no Mow," is a familiar distich which expresses a truth, and Lorenzo Dqw was for the time being a War- rington man. What is more, Peter Phillips travelled with his wife and friends all night in a cart to be present at sunrise and .begin the Mow Cop meeting. Small as these things might appear at the time they have had world-wide influences, and we are glad to see them placed in the careful narrative so well prepared and handsomely produced by Messrs. Hodder and Stoughton.

thSl'4lkl ,Ovt tiiit)

it t kl6l4lllyqj to 1114tof

=SCELLANY.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0074.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
e•'-‘^"V.§

NNW

===== 0002601_19090612_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
ALDERMAN ARTHUR BENNETT.

I have been asked to supplement the tory of my father's life, and his reminiscences of my grandfather,by a brief account of my own; but I must confess that I respond to the request with some little diffidence, for my "life story" is, as yet, comparatively short, and my reminiscences do not go back far enough to make them of much value. But the Editor of the "Examiner" has always treated me with so much courtesy that I do not like

to say no ; and, if any of my recollections or experiences are of any interest to my native town, it is, of course, a pleasure to me to

record them. I was born at Tidy (or Tidal) Lane Farm on the 15th of November, 1862, but do not remember very much about those early days. We removed to Bruche (or Bruch, as it is more correctly spelt) in 1867; and, about this* time, I suffered from a serious illness. I had to lie upon a hard board, night and day, for seven months, and my life was at first despaired of. I gradually rallied, but had several minor recurrences of my ailment; and, on one occasion, kind old Dr. Hardy , whose long white beard and grave, benignant face I well recall, was per- forming a slight operation on me which made me suddenly cry out with pain. A faithful collie which happened to be in the room flew at the worthy doctor, bit him in the leg, and partially disabled him for several weeks. Eventually, I quite outgrew my ailment, and have since enjoyed almost unbroken health for many years. Dr. Hardy, I a may say in passing, resided in the house a part of which has long been occupied by "The Examiner." My education commenced at Padgate School,and I can plainly recollect old Mr. and Mrs. Birch, who were then the Headmaster and Headmistress. They lived at the picturesque white cottage which still stands just by the Church, and were typical of a class which was rapidly disappearing. The School was than comparatively small, and a curious old red thatched cottage, occupied by a hamper maker, stood upon the site of the last addition to the now extensive range of buildings. The Pinfold, mentioned by my father, was still in existence, but had fallen into disuse; and the Rev. A. A. Bridgman, who recently died at Lezayre, in the Isle of Man, at the advanced age of over 90, was the vicar. One of my earliest excitements was to watch' the railway wagons tipping the soil for the embankments leading up to Padgate Bridge. I can just remember the old jerry-house at the corner of Green-lane, and my native village was still a good deal as my father pictured it. I afterwards spent some time at the People's College, then a solitary building in " Slutcher's-lane," as Arpley-street was called, with fields all round it, and a pond and haystack just beyond the playground. The Barracks stood, of course, at the bottom of the lane, on the site of the Police Court ; and one of my most vivid rerollections is that of old Colonel Ireland Bla,ckburne drill- ing the Militia in the fields in front of the School. I can well remember the opening of Bank Park, and how my young imagination was impressed by a wonderful performance on the trapeze in the present Recreation Ground. I remember walking, afterwards, through the crowded rooms of the old mansion, and how my father drove us, when the darkness came, through the enormous crowds in Froghall- lane to see the fireworks. Mr. Charles Twiss was Headmaster of the People's Colle,Ye,as I still prefer to call it, at the time, with the present Master, Mr. Edward Wallington, as his second in command • and, although they caned me many a time, I shall always think of both of them with gratitude and with respect. Mr. T. Mee Pattison, who has since become famous as the writer of so many popular cantatas, used to come to the School, to teach us singing every Tuesday afternoon, and my love for many of our grand old national and patriotic songs dates from those weekly visits. One of my school-fellows was Mr. Edward Porritt, author of" The Unreformed House of Commons" and other well-known works, who has recently been appointed lecturer on English History at the Harvard University. In 1876 I went to Strathmore House School, Southport, which was kept by Mr. Francis R. Rigg, 8.A., a brother of the venerable Dr. J. H. Rigg, the famous Methodist theologian, statesman and expositor, who has lately passed away. Here I sat for two years next to Dr. Arthur Somervell, the dis- tinguished musical composer who annually visits the Warrington'Training College. He was then a very quiet and retiring youth whose principal hobby was to edit a small manuscript magazine, which he carefully wrote out himself on foreign notepaper. I remember that one of his brothers was, at this time, busily engaged in waging doughty war against the Thirlmere Water Scheme. The Rev. Stanley Rogers, the well-known Liverpool minister, and son of the Rev. J-. J. Guinness Rogers, was another of my school- mates, and had won the reputation of a "swot," as the schoolboys most irreverently termed the lads who took a serious interest in their studies and regarded -them as of at lest as much importance as their cricket. The railway from Southport to Preston was being made at the time, and robbed us of a corner of our cricket field. During my residence at Strathmore House I attended the beautiful Mornington-road Chapel, and sat for two years under several very famous preachers, including the Rev. F. W. Macdonald, who was afterwards President of the Conference; was twice enthralled by Morley Punshon's magic eloquence; and once heard Dr. Osborne hold forth for an hour and thirty-five minutes. I can still fancy I can overhear Mrs. Rigg, who sat immediately behind me, murmuring to her learned husband, in disgusted tones, that " the dinner would be quite spoilt." It has always been a source of some regret to me that I never' attended our grand old

===== 0002601_19090612_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
MY LIFE STORY.

Boteler Grammar School, but I have many pleasant memories of my life at Strathmore House. Some of my friends wanted me to go to Cambridge, but I did not welcome the idea at the time, and, although I have some- times since regretted this, upon the whole, I think that all was ordered for the best. "There's a divinity that shapes our elide, Rough-hew them how we will ;" and, after all, I doubt if there is any school so useful or instructive as the school of life. Moreover, circumstances accidently contri- buted to lead me into paths which have been singularly happy and congenial. - As my father mentioned last week, I was descended, on my mother's side; from the Ocklestons, a Cheshire family sonic of whom were tanners, and my father had a,wish that I should follow this career; but there were one or two difficulties in the *.Way, and, asl luck would have it, at this very juncture, he chanced to hear that there was a vacancy in the office of Messrs. Joseph Davies, Voisey • and Davies, of Bewsey Chambers, Warring- ton, and asked me if I thought that I should like to be an accountant. I scarcely knew what an accountant was in those days, but I had left school, and was very anxious to get to business, so I aciuiesced in the sugges- tion, and, in 1878, was articled to the firni. Alderman Davies was eminent in his pro- fession, having for some years acted as Presi- dent of the Society of Accountants in England and Wales; and, whilst I was serving my articles, he took a leading part in the negotia- tions which resulted in the amalgamation of all the existing Societies of Accountants and the granting of the Chatter in the year 1880. I was one of the first articled pupils to be registered, and to join the now tremendous roll of Chartered Accountants by examina- tion. It is a rather curious coincidence that my friends, Mr. Richard Le Gallienne and Mr. James A. Welch, should both have commenced their careers in the offices of Chartered Accountants, and Mr.Le Gallienne has criticised the avocation most unmercifully in "Young Lives"; but I do not know that I have ever regretted my choice. The profession has steadily increased, since then, in public con- fidence and favour. I cannot imagine any better business training; nor do I "think,

_ upon the whole, that there is any profession which renders truer service to the public.

frilie-Bill which has just been framed to make registration compulsory, and to eventually prevent any unqualified accountant from practising, should pass, there is not any doubt that the profession has a still greater future in front of it. I may add that Mr. Alderman Forshaw was a leading member of the office staff when first I went to Bewsey Chambers, and that I laughingly predicted, many a time, that he would eventually be Mayor of Warrington, like Mr. Davies; and it is a peculiar pleasure to me that my prophecy should have been fulfilled in a year which is to be distinguished by such an exceptional honour as a visit from the King. But the activities of Alderman Davies were not by any means confined to his pro- fession. The man who lives entirely for his business is a poor creature, and Mr. Davies took a very prominent part in public life. He even dabbled in literature, and, although he once wrote to a client that he was "trying to rub off my romance upon the grindstone of accountancy," he really fostered it. I have always been a great reader, and have been afflicted with the "scribbling mania" almost from my infancy; and somebody happened to tell Mr. Davies that I had perpetrated a novel. A frightfully crude and melodramatic production it was, but he asked me to allow him to read it; and, doubtless to encourage me in my literary tastes, he invited me, in the summer of 1879, to accompany himself and his son Harry upon a tour in Norway. A happier holiday I never spent. The grandeur of those mighty mountains and those sombre fiords impressed my young imagination greatly, and fanned my literary aspirations into a-flame. I have many happy recollections of the journey; of Mr. Davies's unfailing humour and bonhomie; of the majestic beauty of the scenery; and of the numerous incidents which diversified the tour. One of the most agreeable of these

recollections concerns a certain morning when we accidentally breakfasted at Bergen with the great Norwegian violihist, 'Ole Bull, and his young wife. Lean still remem- ber his fine old face, his long white locks, his kindly eyes and ample brow, and can almost hear the very accents in which. he told my good old Tory friend and principal that "Lord Beaconsfield would go up like a rocket and come down like the stick."

I kept a record of the holiday, and, on my return, encouraged by the kindly words of Mr. Davies, I published my first book, a little thin red volume entitled "Travels in Norway; or, Three Weeks in 'the Land of the Midnight Sun.' " It was printed by Mr. Joseph Truelove, who kept a bookseller's shop in Horsemarket-street, and has since achieved considerable reputation as a London publisher and as the proprietor of. three of the most popular London Hotels. lam not altogether sorry that the book is out of print. I, may add that I was indebted to Mr. Davies for my first visit to London and to the Theatre. We stayed in Ely Place, Holborn. I remember that he took me specially to show me Goldsmith's grave, and, in the evening, accompanied me to the Lyceum, to see Henry Irving and Ellen Terry in "Hamlet." I could scarcely have made a better beginning., Mr. Davies was also good enough, a little later, to stimulate my,literary aspirations by reprinting, at his own expense, one of my earliest attempts at poetry, some lines entitled "Albion," which had appeared in" The Examiner " ; and to ask me to collect and preserve for him the numerous allusions to his public work which were then appearing in the newspapers. This I did in two huge scrap books, and it is not too much to say that my interest in things municipal dates from those five delightful years at Bewsey Chambers. During my articles, I took the keenest possible interest in athletics and spent scores of hours at the old Baths; and it was a favourite custom with myself and the other two articled clerks (Mr. Harold Ayrton Bankes and Mr. Charles Dutton Parkinson) to row down the river to. Walton Arches in the dinner hour. kalso took much interest, at this time, in cricket and football, and for some years acted as Secretary of the famous " Padgate Excelsior Club." I entertained a vague idea, then, that in the ancient motto," Mens sana in corpore ,sano," might be found the key to all our troubles and perplexities; and, thinking it was possible to blend literature and football in appropriate propor- tions, established a library in connection with the Club. I must confess that it was rather a failure. But, if the mem- bers did not blossom put, .as I had hoped, into philosophers and poets, they became exceedingly redoubtable footballers. We gradually attracted the best of the local players and soon became serious rivals to the Warrington team. Amongst our members was the famous "Tommy Barnes," who was once the hero of the North, Tom Pemberton and Mr. J. E. Warren, whose work for foot- ball and athletics generally is recognized and honoured far beyond the limits of their native place. Eventually the old town club was

===== 0002601_19090612_art0077.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.7

===== 0002601_19090612_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
ignominiously beaten by the village team, and an amalgamation was arranged which paved the way for all the triumphs Warrington has since so brilliantly won. I .believe that the old Excelsior flag is still engraved upon the Club notepaper. I may add that I made the acquaintance of my good friends, Alderman Tinnion and Mr.W. H. J. Jenkinston the football field. I first met the lather in a field behind Fairfield Hall, on the very day of the first Bruche fire; and, although I was never able to aohieve dis- tinction myself, I was just as proud of the prowess of the good old Club as anybody else. But it was local prowess then, and we played for the game and not for the gate. it was during this period that we formed the famous old Padgate Wesleyan Mutual Improvement Society. Here, with my friend Mr. Councillor J. J. Nield (of whose serious illness I have heard with so much pain), I first began to advocate the principles of Imperial Unity and Tariff Reform. Here Mr. Charles Plinston, the able Speaker of the Parliamentary Debating Society, Mr. Theodore Craig London, and Mr. Henry Hewitt Dutton moved many d crowded meeting by their youthful eloquence; and I and many of my fellow-townsmen owe a lasting debt of gratitude to this and to the various other societies of a similar character which flourished at that time. I was member for " Orkney and Shetland" in the first "Local Parliament," but never ventured to open my mouth in it; and I have never quite got over the disgust which filled me when the Conservative Party, annoyed by some rash utterance of Mr. Henry Whitham, got up one night in a body, and abjectly left the room, thus break- ing up an institution which had shown so many signs of life and vigour, and which might have played so prominent a part in the affairs of the old town.

About this time I had begun to send an • occasional contribution to the "Young Folks Paper." I took it regularly for many years, add a regiment of its green volumes occu- pies an honoured place upon my study shelves. It would be interesting to learn how many of our modern writers first found recognition in its kindly pages. Amongst the amateur contributors I recol- lect the names of A. C. Harmsworth, C. A. Pearson, Israel Zangwill, B. Murray Gilchrist, A. ' St. John Adcock, Arthur Edward Waite, and many more. Robert Louis Stevenson wrote some of his best romances for its lucky troop of youthful readers, and to William Sharp, its literary editor, who afterwards became illustrious as "Fiona Macleod," I owed my earliest definite encouragement in literature and dedicated my first book of verse. I have already incidentally alluded to my friends Mr. Theodore Craig London, Mr. Richard Le. Gallienne and Mr. James A. Welch. Mr. London was then living at Padgate, and through him I made the acquaintance of the youthful' poet who has since achieved so much distinction and the young comedian whose name is now a house- hold word. With Mr. London and Mr. E. James Hall, I attended the meetings of "The Book-Lovers' Club," which had been founded by Mr. Le Gallienne, and periodically met in Birkenhead at the houses of the local "Squires and Dames`of Books and Pens," as Mr. Le Gallienne picturesquely called us. How vividly those "nights ambrosial" come back to me, especially that memorable even- ing when we said good-bye to " Jimmy " Welch as he left us to accept his first engage- ment on the stage! My articles had now expired, and, in 1882,1 became a fully qualified Chartered Account- ant. I almost succeeded in obtaining a berth in London, with one of the biggest firms in the City, who, however, notwithstanding their great reputation, turned out to be financially unsound, and had to fly to Australia because they could not find the funds to meet the unclaimed dividends appropriated by the Board of Trade upon the passing of the present Bankruptcy Act. It was a lucky miss for me, and, shortly afterwards, Mr. Lewis Voisey, who was one of the ablest accountants I have ever met, opened an office in Manchester and invited me to take charge of it.l spent two years with him in Cottonopolis, and, afterwards, a year or so in Liverpool, and a further couple of years in Warrington; and, in 1888, I started business for myself right in the centre of the town, in an office which had previously been occupied by Mr. H. Lindon Riley, who was then a solicitor, and where, above the roar of Market Gate, I have spent the best part of my daily life for over twenty years. I have many interesting memories of Market Gate, but I must not be tempted to indulge in them. Nor have I space to tell the tale of" Sunrise" and "The Dawn," and of the numerous historical events and strange experiences to which my twenty years of amateur journalism introduced me. With the story of my public life my fellow-townsfolk are sufficiently familiar, and of my private life it is enough to say that, in 1895, I was married to the eldest ,daughter of the late Mr. Edwin Richardson; that we spent ten happy years at "Morning- side," right " in the shadow of the spire" which Joseph Davies helped to build; and that, eventually, I was drawn back to my native heath again, where I am now residing, with my wife and boy, in the old house at Paddington which, curiously enough, adjoins my father's birthplace. It was, for many years, the home of William Wilson, the distinguished botanist, and here I can feast my eyes on chestnut blooms instead of chimneys, and nightly see the old Town Clock, amid the soft green foliage, shining like a moon above the place I love.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
ECZEMA ATTACKS WHOLE FAMILY.

Mother, Father, and 5 Children cured by

Zam-Buk.

Further remarkable proof of Zam-Buk's unrivalled akin-curing powers is displayed in the case of a family of seven—all of whom have been cured of severe '! catching" eczema that resisted all other treatments. A" Newark Herald "representative called upon Mrs. C. J. Tinkler at 12, Elgin Place, Newark. "What you have heard is quite true," said Mrs. rinkler, in reply to the reporter's first query. We have all been wonderfully cured of terrible eczema by Zam-Buk. I ' began with the disease first about a year ago, and I had been suffering only a little time when my husband and all our five children—Ellen (16), Florence (13), George (10), Willie (7), and Gertie (4)—caught the disease, and soon we were all suffering severely. The skin itched fearfully, and was very hot with inflammation.

" We gave the doctor's treatment a good trial, and then had to give it up, as we all seemed worse. I wag almost at my wits' end, for besides suffering severely myself, I had to look after my husband and the children, who 'were practically helpless, and cried bitterly with the constant pain. " For, many months our hopes of ever getting better grew fainter and fainter, until my husband came in one day and joyfully. showed me an account of how Zam-Buk had tured a Bristol family of eczema. We at once got a supply of Zam-Buk, which we all used straight away. Before we retired at night we had got an ease from the pain such as we had not known for months. By morning there was further improvement, but with constant dressings of Zam- Buk the awful itching and burning disease was got under, and one by one the children were cured. "My husband and I also persevered with Zam-Buk, and our skin, and that of every member a our family, is now perfectly healthy."

===== 0002601_19090612_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
(1,„_,. n_ , .., ~.„ ~ ~, •". . ~, i ~/ ~ , ~ ...... • ..,_.•,,,, ..i. . __... . . ,.., ___,.. ~... • ._____ y MAxiPthiBERTON _

,

Author of "The Iron Pirate " "The

Hundred Days," "A Puritan's Wife,"

etc., etc.

beyond. I seem to know, and yet I do not know. You, Paddy, with your powers of swift perception, will not fail to understand me. You will read already in this book of an amazing destiny.. I say that they left me in this splendid hall, and that for many minutes I had no coM- panion there. The house Itself spoke both of occupation and -of ceremony. I perceived footmen about the table in the dining-room, whose door opened to the right of the great fireplace where the logs blazed brightly. The landing above echoed the voices of maids, and, upon that, another voice which caused my heart to leap as though one had spoken to me from the grave. When a chime of bells echoed musically in the heights cf the dome, I understood that they were ringing the dressing-bell, and remembered with some consternation that I had come to the château "as I was." But the thought passed, away as swiftly as car and train could carry me. If anything disturbed my serenity, it was the absence of the Marquis. He knew of my arrival, and should, I thought, have wel- comed me the sooner. But the minutes passed, and still he did not come; and one by one the old phantoms swarmed up to tor- ment me. If she were not here, after all! If a trick had been played me! Inconceivable, and yet how •real to a man who had suffered so much.

It was odd, Paddy, but all memory of the tragic days we. have lived through passed utterly from my recollection in that house. No longer did I care what the worid had said of Mimi or what it would say 'to-morrow. That awful night, when I stood upon the threshold of my little house to gape upon a dead man's body and to know that my wife had left me; that had been 'wiped out' of my calendar as though a hand of mercy reviewed the page. The house in which I stood, the great names I had heard, Mimi's presence at the chateau—with what woeful reiteration did 1 not repeat the harassing questions to which I had no answer. She knew that I was here and yet she did liot come to me! How my heart rank at that! What an abasement of love and faith and how swift a repentance!.

'She conies at last—l hear the patter of feet on the stairs above —so gentle that it might be the south wind brushing the cheeks of a rose. What a moment to live as I turn about to spy it sweet apparition on the stairs, to watch a girlish figure descend them one by one, to say that she is my Mimi, and yet to remain almost unbelieving. Stand so far with me, Paddy, but then shad you turn your MS away. There are things said and done be- tween two who love which are holy in their sanctity and God-given in their secrecy. Were it otherwise I could no more tell you what befell us in that instant of greeting than I could speak the dreams which the lightest hours of sleep have given me. Was it not enough that I caught her in my arms and that kisses forbade her to speak at all? Are there not hours of living so precious that they would remain heaven hough it were hell afterwards to all eternity? And such an hour was that at the Château of Bougival—when Mimi ran down the great staircase to my embrace, and my lips sealed her sweet confession. You will remember that she wore a -trim black dress when she was with us at 'Tamp- stead, made cleverly as the French make all I these things ; but a little overmuch in the fashion of the nunneries. I recoilect that we chaffed her about it, and that the Chevalier would have gone out to get a Franciscan robe to match it; while old. Georges Oleander was all for singing the office, especially that part of it whkh coun- sels the giving of alms to the needy. This dress and the pretty picture it en- shrined have stood during all these weary days for my image of Mimi as I should find her at last and take her again to my house. But it was not to be. The Château of Bougi- val has dealt too well by its prisoner. No little girl of the atelier and the mountain de- scended that proud staircase to my embrace. In her place I found a stately figure of .Paris, gowned and dining; a Mimi robed in silk and chiffon, with a. gift of jewels about her white neck and a sparkle of diamonds upon her arms. Oh, iend the grace and shyness of her, as though she were half afraid, but wholly sure of her reception! And here is the won- der. She spoke not at ail of the things I had expected to. hear from her lips. She told me nothing of the night of crime and flight : nothing of the days intervening ' • no story of her coming to this house—but happy in my arms she laughed at my perplexities and asked me if I would have her otherwise. And, Paddy, I knew not what to say to. her. She is changed as it were in a twinkiing. My. quick perception could not put the•fact aside. She has come into her inheritance—she Mimi of the Butte no longer and never will be again. Let me try to tell you ,of the talk which passed between us as we stood together in the ball and cared less than nothing though ail France had been listening. It will not be to write down the sighs and sounds of a lover's meeting—you, Paddy, of all men care nothing for those since you met the widow at I Ostend; but I would wish to tell you how cleverly this mere child kept. even from me, the things she had been charged to hold sacred, and how even my persistency could not shake her. And first, of our meeting in the house at all.

"The Marquis sent for me, Mimi," said I; "I looked to find him here."

"And you found me, Monsieur Henry--"

"Monsieur Henry! Am I that to you, Mimi? Is it the Mimi of the Lapin Agit again? Let me look into your eyes—iet me see why you are changed.'" "I am not changed," she rejoined very sweetly, "but I am very happy, mon marl." "How long have you been in this house, Mimi?"

She tried to think. An impaired memory is among the first fruits of all that as befallen her. _

-mes enfants, how long have I been here? There would be nights and days—long nights and (tap. Then Maclaine came and I was happy. She will tell you, Harry—she can remember how long I have been here." "Did the Marquis bring you, then? Did he discover you at the villa?" She shuddered ; a spasm of pain crossed her face. • I regretted that I had spoken of such a place at all. "Bedotte went down to the river," she said presently, her mind gathering the threads one by one, "I was alone and afraid. Alors, the woman Marie is there and I think of her. Alt, mes enfants! She comes to my bedroom and begins to tell me the things I heard long ago, when I was a little child and ran away to the woods. I think she was irre,. mon mart—and I laughed at her. Then I saw that she was no longer the Madame Marie who had frightened me. She prayed and mumbled and wept. Oh, it was droll, for she seemed to think I was a baby again and would have sung me to the sleep. But I crept away, and then she told Inc to go. It was me:battle to hear that. Go,' she said, and she tumbled to the door and held it wide open—and the black house was there and the men to kill me. I was afraid to go, and I told her so, and then she wept again and sat by the fire rocking herself as a baby. I was frightened, alf:reusement, but I went to the top of the stairs and then a little way down them. Monsieur Bedotte had not returned, so I opened the door. And then I ran away from them—Jest, how I ran! The woman called to me from the window, but still I ran. until I heard her pream, ancl then I _could

4111 k ' . Zit y If Ut.' jot --IK.--,, . - • .;,„ •,7pl„c, s ; .17 .1 0 .fle • ... -":11 do- Vy , - ' .. '.B. ; law, -- lip. fa :I,‘ll I it. IA i ~ , Il 1... , .. B , . ---...„ —,....._ s i • ri, " i _ic.."_,, - . •-t!'r ''' A...a1t.., . := •' ' - _ , ...

===== 0002601_19090612_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XLI.

[ln which 'Henry Gastonard receives a sum, -mons from the Marquis do Saint Faun] Château of Bougival. November Bth, 1905. near Mr. Gastonard, The obligation of silence Which recent events have imposed upon me is the more deserving of apology as it is the less possible of explanation. May I beg of you to believe that all which has been done, or contemplated, is such as would appeal to any man of honour, and particularly to one who has shown such gifts of prudence and self-restraint as you have done these latter days?

The story of Madame Gastonard's infancy is not one which may be written circumstan- tially, even for you, Monsieur. But the pages which are missing will be supplied by your knowledge end experience of the lkorld and of men, and will not be regretted be- cause of that knowledge. Great names ar6 implicated, and particularly the name of a noble woman, who has suffered much, and yet must suffer. I beg you, in the name of womanhood, to bear this fact in mind from the beginning. For the rest, I am content that your judg- ment shall decide what its to be told to the world and what concealed. The rest is your own—an inheritance of a destiny once dc• creed and irrevocable.

Do me the honour. I beg of you, to conics to the Château de Bougival without delay, there to hear from Madame Gastonarcfs own lips both the 'story of these recent days as she alone may tell it, and that other story, which will be told for the first time to any man by, Yours, with cordial eFteem, _

GASPARD DE SAINT FAUR.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER, XLIT.

[Paddy O'Connell hears that ho may leave London, and is invited to take the first train to Paris.] Chateau (le 13ougival, near Paris. November 15th, 1905. Dear Palidy,—Please to pack that strolls bag of yours, and to come to u. mediately. You will get a train front Paris to St. Germain, and I will send a motor there to meet you. But be sure to wire, for Mimi says you are more likely to send your telegram from this house than from London. Oh, Paddy: Paddy—what a day. what news, what happiness I ant here in this old château, and Mimi is at .my feet while write to you. We have before its the great park of Bougival ; there is warm sunshine though the month is November; the trees are bare and leafless, but they 'show us the shining river, and it shall wing our message to the frielids who love us. For thirty7stx hours I have hardly • let Mimi escape from my arms, but to-day she bids me write to you; and I obey, even as she who watches me with such a story of love and gratitude it her childish eyes.

non- lm-

I have found her—the dreadful days will come no more: already we have learned to believe that yesterday was not, and that to- day is eternal. So much is to be told imme- diately ; but or the rest your own perception shall 'tell you, and you ;done, when you come to BouAival. And you will come without do= lay. Trains shall be too slow for you; the sea shall provoke you; the .inventions of man imprison those kindly thoughts you would speed to us. As you stood beside us in the hour of darkness, so now will you stand with us in the light—the first and best and biggest-hearted of our friends. So, ' I repeat, let nothing prevent you, but come, for we weary for you. • It was on Wednesday afternoon that I re- ceived a letter from the Marquis de Saint Faur inviting me to this place. There was little in it that would interest you beyond the invitation which it contained, and you may imagine with what haste I set out at its com- mands. Oh, be sure, I had some dim percep- tion of the truth, or I would not have been content to rest in that lonely 'hotel, as I did, and to suffer patiently the mysteries which crowded upon me. Mimi was well, I said, and had the best of reasons for her silence. To-day I know it was the truth. if you ever come to. understand, Paddy—in which case you _will be the one man in all Europe ' Nvho will share the great truth with me— then your own shrewd common-sense will have written the story for you. My lips are sealed; I am content that they should be sealed. For is not Mimi at my feet while I write, and may not I stoop to kiss her rosy checks when I will?

1 set out for Bougival on Wednesday night, then, and in 20 minutes was at its gates. To my inquiry whether the Marquis owned the . Chateau, the people about gave an evasive answer. Some seemed to think that he (lid; others spoke of a foreign tenancy, chiefly by that beautiful but notorious woman the Prin- cess Helene of Ilidze, and her cousin the Duchess de Bourg. Both these ladies had been with Saint Fair when:l met him at the Ritz Hotel in Paris; and from all that gos- sip says, it was no surprise to me that one of them, at any rate, should be found at Bougi- val. But of this I had little time to speca- late, for 1 set out for the Chateau within half an hour of receiving the Marquis's letter, and was at the gates exactly at seven o'clock on Wednesday evening. I knew that it NV ati seven o'clock, for bells chimed as my car raced up the long avenue from the lodge, and the great clock above the stables was still telling the hour when a but- ler opened the door to me and invited me within. That the servants expected me it was not possible to doubt. Neither my name nor my business was asked, but being con- ducted directly into the great hall of the chateau, footmen relieved me of my wraps and assured me that Monsieur le Marquis i-hould at once be informed of my arrival. And so they left me in that stately place; and tor the first time since the letter came to me, I could ask myself the, meaning both of it and of this bewildering sequel. Imagine a vast apartment, Paddy, domed above and built almost entirely of marble. There were mosaics in gold for the frieze and paintings above, such paintings as Vernet made for the ceilings of the Louvre, but skil- fully -adapted to a vast and ornate concavity. A wide staircase glowing with a crimson car- pet boasts five caryatides to bear its burdens. The chimney is a masterpiece by an unl-nown artist—a colossal • structure -protruding cen- taurs far into the room and pillared with Jas.- per and chalcedony. Above there is a great picture of Turenne, the Turenne of the .fables and the wars, mounted. and riding as a Mar- shal-General of France. Other portraits also of soldiers adorn the place, but there is one of the Empress Josephine, painted, I imagine, during the stormy days of St. Cloud, and cleverly reflective of that turbulent time, whicn is a masterpiece beyond all question. As to the furniture, it is sparse but very beautiful. I note a clock with the Graces which could not be bettered at Fontainebleau. • A massive bureau is in the finest style of that magnificent Bouhl whom posterity has imi- tated and derided. A brief glance says that this apartment stands as an atrium to a house of princes. The manner of it. the size of it, that indefinable atmosphere which the ages create could never mislead. I am in the house of an aristocrat, and he has summoned me to find Mimi there. So much is plain from the beginning. but the event which carried my beloved wife to such a plaee, which sealed her lips while she resided there, and brings me to her as a very suppliant, is dwelt upon almost with reluct- ance, stands, it may be, almost as a shadow

===== 0002601_19090612_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
'She's herc, in the house. Pa lay ! "

run no more. A long while afterwards I came to the river and the boat; and when I asked the boatman to take me to Paris he laughed. I should have been afraid of him also, mon marl, if there had not been some- one else in the ship, a great big monsieur, big as Monsieur Paddy and as kind. He asked me why I wished to go to Paris, and I told him. He said he would take me there but that I must rest first. Then he brought me to this house and Monsieur the Marquis came to speak to me. He promised that he would write to you—and now' you have come —ah, rocs enfants, you have come and I am happy." She spoke slowly, Paddy, and with less than a Frenchwoman's volubility. Perceive that she had told me nothing of the house it- self, of its master or itc; mistress. The dramatic story of her flight from tho villa may have been her apology. Cannot you depict the scene--the rogue's house standing -apart in the meadow hv the river—one blackguard summoned to As'nieres by a trick and arrested there—Another . be- traying the gang; a third leaving the old witch in charge and going, perchance to a cabaret to drink?

He returns and finds the captive fled ; in a savage outburst he strikes the old woman dead and leaves her bOdy in the house. We arrive when all this has happened, but our knowledge of human nature is not deep enough to read the riddle aright. We do not say that even this hag may have known an instant's humanity, though it were the humanity of the, bottle. She moans and babbles and weeps—the motherhood of the dead past 'stirs again in her veins, warmed bv absinthe or had brandy—anel she bids the ciild to go. Thus in a frenzy she invites the death which must await her. The man returns and attacks her brutally. lie knows that the game is up, while we are but gues- sing at the nature of his pastime. This much was plain to. me ; but the sequel to the story I found as perplexing as over. Nor had I any further opportunity at that moment to question the little girl who shrank in my embrace as though afraid of her own narration. For that matter the Marquis himself appeared now, and hastened to excuse himself. He was a fine figure of a man in his dinner dress, and so natural in his grand manner that none but a clown would have mocked it. Almost his first words informed me that he had sent a motor to St. Germain for my baggage and com- manded me to sleep at the chateau. "There will be much to speak of to-mor- row," he said. addressing both my little wife and myself;, "for the moment it is sufficient to dine. Let Joseph show you to your .room, Mr. Gastonard. I am sure you aro very tired." I did not demur, and finding my clothes al- ready laid out for me, I dressed with what haste I could and descended to a little salon upon the first floor where they told me I should find the ladies. Mimi was here, and with her that remarkable woman the Prin- cess Helene of Ilidze and her constant com- panion the Duchesse de Bourg. Even you know something of the adventurous life of the former. All the world followed her flight from the Austrian Court with the singer Monterez; her amazing escapades at Geneva have newer been concealed:• her sub- sequent appearance in Paris and friendship with the Marquis de Saint Faur have long ceased to amuse as gossip. _ .

An old story now: but unforgotten, paddy. She preserve:4 an ancient beauty with • little art, I perceive. There is no finer intellect in all Europe, no ,woman posSessing so many accomplishments with so little of mediocrity in their display. Her volume on the Story of Hungary is a classic. She has had an i operetta done n Milan with sufficient Critical abuse to ensure its success. Kindly tOugueE would give her forty-five years, I sup- pose. She might, b 2. anything from thirty- five to fifty; .for she is one of those ;women who go arm in arm with Time and are care- ful not to quarrel with him.

This was the lady who presided on Wed- nesday night jtt the dinner table in the Chateau of Bougiyal. The little dark Duchesse, her companion, is but the , setting to the jewel. I noticed that she ate and drank with much dispatch, as gubservient people will—wreaking her silent vengeance upon the viand 3, The Princess herself talked inces- santiv, and chiefly to me.• Her range of sub- jects was amazing. I laughed at the sketch of the typical Englishman, whose foot is on his native heath but whose heart is in the Jardin de Paris. Tho Emperor Franz Joseph is the greatest man in the world, she thinks, and Anatole France the next to him. Paris, she declares, is being spoiled by the Socia- lists. The new Frenchman is well repre- sented by the ugly steam trams which dis- figure his streets. Religion is fashionable only among monarchists, and will profit eventually by their conservative traditions. Sentiment is departing from France; it would be a good thing if a king were chosen and murdered—for that would revive senti- ment. As for art, the moderns are gelling as good as they deserve, and if they desire better, they should hang the picture-dealers. She herself has recently discovered Corfu and means to build a vane there. She ;declares it to be the finest climate in the world—and you can only play roulette when the sun is shining. All this, mind you, in a mood most frivolous; by no means embarrassed, casting sm sweet iles about her, and stroking little Mimi's hand from time to time ns though a new, pet had come 'into her house and must be made much of.

Now, Paddy, I am but a narrator of facts as far as this letter goes—the thinking must be done by you. Why hat; this extraordinary woman kept Mimi in this house? And what is the meaning of such amity? I could but make a hazard at the dinner-table and leSs than a hazard afterwards. In truth we liettled down to a formal evening, ju6t; as though Mimi and I had driven over from a neigh- bouring château and we.re to return pre- sently. A game of billiards with the Mar- quis, a little gallantry played by the obliging Duchesse—and then to bed. And through it all my dear wife acting a part to perfection.,

- I swear' she was Ivonderful, Paddv—this flower of the fetes, this child of the atelier playing the grand dame at the Chateau of Bougival as though born to it. If she trip- ped Once or twice the stumble.% were humor- ous enough, just a catchword from the Butte, a sudden jest—it may be an inelegant atti- tude. But in the main as little to be criti- cised as Madame the Princess herself—a woman who also has lived in the ateliers and is not entirely a stranger to the student's quarters.._

- I say that I watched the play amazed alike at Mini's part therein and understanding little until we were alone in our bedroom to- gether. Then almost with dramatic anddeu•

ness me enuirs courage len her. Nile fell into my arms in a passion of weeping—she whis- pered in my car a truth. that I had expected Irons the beginning. Pride in it, love shame—all were there. And I hushed her to Sleep upon it, my beloved, who has come to me from the unknown but can speak to-day with other children of immortal memories and the golden days. tet this be her mes- sage to you Paddy—and let this be my Good Night. Mimi is happy and knows the secrets of the years. Do you in your turn come t) us as swiftly as nray be. Have we not as much need of our friends in our joy as in our sorrow?

' And so I Shall look for vou by any—or as you would say, by evcry train. Bis dat qui cito dat—which is to say "hasten."—Yours ever,

e V „ i• , t '' N • . • 1 I , . , >-. . !A. ~,, I r . 7.i ,4 ' "*.°'''VN.44o , =,•• . . ' 4VI • •' 1 ..;.kifie; 0 ,q, ' \ \\\ <- _) , ltpisri*:\ l''\\\ i--. 7-; Q. 4V - ‘.•%-‘,. . 'n. ‘ \ . 1 ..:.s,\\,, 1 ''J -,-- _ e's-341\ ~,- , . .4,:,:',,;y\t,,,,0f;i6,:•N•\.\'•& ‘.l .- s:‘,‘,-- ' , • . , , i ....,,;,r /4' .1 1 )/ ,;. , . ,_,! . . ~ , \ ,•• , ~s, 0,1 1,, ~,',AI fil#: . \ --.4 4-., , ~, • \•:•.:-- •ii/";,'.1:,;,,,,,1i1l , i 1,--N). ,•7--,--N. .;(1" Pel4,(ll:l'‘. .), •I•i'T:1„. , . ‘‘‘' ' \, , ,-4'' /-1 ~ `ll/ Ail', • . 1 i 04, },A'..'...:. •i; -.k., 0 / /.:':i - ~,. t 14,2,',0••• . ~ \• . ~.4,w41.7: , . „-.4„..., , . ..- • _ ;,‘.........,2•7, ~,;(- .:- / ' . ;• •,, ,•11, , „ A ~L, • -•••• !,,,,:-...,:5.: ~• ~ • ,i•A„- 4 •;•. , 'Ty J. ;-- /1 ~, .• • - j li'. • i ..."': - ''''o‘l,-‘, ''''.......-,•• ' ' tile'''. 7 l';' ..''. ~. ./ ' 'AA (,- \'''' " • ::"i,i,.., ''. N,:t. Vv, '.", , ----:-......-,7.7,2/' :iii,-,,ri,..,:'24,4 -V I-, -.N.44...., "-,-:,:.,tr,•;•,. •,, ,% ~,,,,,,, ..•-•;,7.,. .••,:. .)-.4,,,,,, J 4,•• / I 1 Vf.rzfiA'f..ic,,,- • • ',3. `°. :, -•:::,..,‘ k\'',lA,', f ~...r. , f '''''.':' \ .1‘..7,4. ~,,,, ,',. :.A.:4:.',...,,, , , \ \, 0,,:.. av,,../4 :••,,,,. -`"-- . ___ 1,1,.- 02:- ......,4 Z--- r,,,. .%. t"'44"l" -.-4 - '. \ ~....; ~ fi't 'At •t I= .6.,.. ' % '',4", \ . , ;lir .!: : ::: ;ii.5.i...;;. ;4: , , ~, ~,..,..,..,_:":., .0.1411- '1.1?: ' : ' .4 4;;:•,t'1":"4:‘ ~ - '. \\ \ 1 ' 2 i..;;;14;.'77/. ::.A.;‘4' ---' - 4111';' ~ ' lllllRPRP..4l;.7lll:lll:iiiiiiiitr.'4 -' ' '.` • ':444\7-47.- - ' I '''t" *;.----' . . l'-'.' A..,,1N-.4 .e.- :4 ''.4,'s. ~,,,;••=4:-\•,',.... ;-- , ki _.! •v-,' ,5- • , .. '". ' j 0 ..t. il)lifilli r.l iiiiiilliffilh. •1'1,'41:4„,....._____ ,A,,,,,,,,44)r.'"--' -Ties; 44 /1 1 , I I iiiiiilleitg"L.7 111 1 1 ill1111"1.40 . ' C''• N a .• zl4/ . ' 1 ' 4 ' I 1011 il fi lir,. ott ,Ittk ,_.. , ~qui)i t, i 0' .t.. 1 ' iiiiig ill I INPAltiii y 47"..4,:i.f e..i.• ';': or. t ' ':-.., ‘ I k-4.•'!' 4, .1,:. 4,- . II(- =1 , limiii iiiiptireiy, •%,„'w -- if -- If. 4- ' 1 . ' 7( A lIIN 111111t1111 fl 104.441,10 r\ ‘14;:il I riV4O3OIEVA ' 11 114111 111. . '1 I lit% lii. 1 i ^' ' • , . • '

===== 0002601_19090612_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
HARRY CASTONARD.

cIIAPTER XLIII.

[Martha Warrington, being retitrned to her . home, receives there a , letter from the Château of Bougival.] Château de Bougival. -November 19th, 1905. Dear Mrs. Warrington,- -I have to toll you that I have kit the horse-riders of Hamp- stead and am come to this house, which is a palace not far from Paris, and a.; comfort- able quarters as Paddy O'Cutineli has 'lighted upon these many days. Should you wish to write to me, address the letter es above, thought • you might put "care of the Marquis de Saint Faur,'• who is one of my friends, and a very noble gentleman. • Well, I. arrived here after the blazes of a journey, and not knowing at all why Henry had sent for me. At first I thought it would be some -news which he could not well put on paper, and after that I thought it wouldn't. Bougi val., I would tell you, is a stretch of park-land on the river near Paris, lying under the height of St. Germain, which you will have heard of in the French hooka your husband forbids you to read. The train toot me to the station of the place, and a Fine motor-ear from there the house; so, you see, I was made much e!' and mighty pleased with myself when I set foot in what the French call "the vestibule." 'Ti; true that the footmen—and the Mar- quis must have half a hundred of • them in this place—speak the French. tongue poorly, and that I had to fall back on my Sasso- nach ; hut we must allow something to igno- rance, and that is as cheap an article in France a!, in England. Any way, I couldn't be angry in so tine a house; and, being for- tunate enough to arrive about half-past seven o'clock of the evening, they conducted me to a bedroom as ,big as a church, and sent as many 'men to wait upon me as though I had km,,en an Emperor. This put Paddy in a dilemma, for, notwithstanding that his forefathers were kings in their own coun- tries, he can't suffer another man to put a shirt on his back, nor is he hanny when a couple of flunkeys would see., his head in the washtub.. _ .

You must know that Harry wrote me a long letter inviting me to this house, and telling me nothing at all, except that his wife was here. I'd suspected it all along, though hearing the name of the place for the first time; .and now., says I, the truth is coming out at last. 'Tis some great man or woman in Paris .who has been after hunting the child, and that poor Count d'Antoine who was murdered, at Hampstead was bio his or her ambassador:. I'd have been worss than a fool not to have guessed as much aftc: receiving Harry's letter and reading the papers—though God forbid I should come to believe any newspaper at •my time of life. For all that, I know a fox when I see one; and what I say is this, that Mimi has aristo- cratic friends in Paris, and there were rogues who got news of those friends, and set out to blackmail them. I'll swear as much against all the justices. Ms a vulgar crime, after all, and the truth. will make it no better.

- This I must tell you to begin with, for 'Us a different kind of story which must come after. The last paragraph of this letter left me in the dressing-room at the château—and that's no place for a lady. I'd been there about five minutes, I suppose, when Harry came roaring in, and hailed me with a hunt- ing cry you could have heard away in Paris. Faith, the man had lost his head entirely, and when he had kissed me on both cheeks' as the Frenchmen do, he. rolled me over and over on the bed—though I had a clean shirt on my back—and treated me worse than any terrier. 'Twits "Paddy, you brick!" and "Paddy, such news ! " and "She's here, in the hour, Paddy !" until my ears were bursting with it. Not a word would he let me speak, though I had k king's message to bear him, and when I got down to the draw- ing-room at last my collar was up to my ears and my white choker on top of it. A fine figure of a man I must have looked among such company and the Marquis bowing to me „pntil his nose almost touched his boots, and Madame the Princess flashing a pair of eyes nearly as black and as wicked as your own. But there I was, and I had to make the best of it, and not a man or a ,woman would I notice until I had caught the little Greuze girl in my arms and squeezed her uptil she hollered.

Well, they. were all amused at -this, and Madame, the Princess Helene, who is one of my friends, and a great lady in Paris, she took . mv arm and led me off to the dinner. table. I had the Duel-168e upon one side of me and the Princess upon the other; and faith, says • I, what a tale to tell at Glenda- lough. Such gold and silver plate, Martha ; such glass. such paintings ! Ny neck aches this very day for staring up to the ceilings to look at the gods and goddesses (lancing in the hayfields, and caring no more for the liquor down below than the archbishop at a teetotalers meeting. What with these bare- leFged beauties and the great ladies and the witty talk, bedad, I could have been con- tent • to stop at the table a month, and to have thought twice about leaving it then. But this is to speak of Paddy O'Ccinnell, and you, woman-like, will be all for hearing of Madame Mimi. How did she bear her- self, you ask? • The little colleen out of the cafés and the circus—how did she carry her- self in such, a place? Why, no grand dame born to it could have done better. Eveh my friend the Marquis told rue so afterwards ; while, as for the Princess, she couldn't like the child better if she were her own daugh- ter. Not one of them that does not spoil and pet her, believe me. I listen to their talk, and ii thousand wild thoughts run in my- head. What is Mimi to them? Why did they send to London for her? Vow comes it that ruffians Niould have blackmailed them? You are s discreet little bodyf and, you will

llUlMpttilt u.lll/0 using ; IJIAL you'll think about it very much, Martha, as I am • thinking about it this minute, and saying I'd be a fool not to guess the truth ef it. And if my suppositions are true, is the child's be- haviour a wonder to be gaped at? You will be the first to say "no" to that. She has the blood of nobles in her veins, and what matter jot if the bend sinister is written across her story? Let the story go where it will. I would be proud of it if-I were Harry—and so much I have told him to-day..

Write to me • as soon as you can--when your husband is, at his sermons should be a good opportunity—and tell me how far I am right. My own programme is uncertain. This lovely November weather makes life well enough in the glorious park about this château, and a sweet time we are having, of it. The , Mar- quis plays olf very well, and I am winning money of him. Mimi and Harry are nearly always on horseback, for he is teaching her to ride, and a willing pupil he has *found. What is troubling them is the approaching trial of the man Bedotte, who, it seems, was Count d'Antoine's valet, and is to be tried at St. Germain for the murder of the old woman Marie. I fear the public, which laps up a scandalous story ,as a dog takes water, will insist upon much being told which otherwise should be concealed. But we shall have the judge with us, for where is the lawyer born who could write unkind things about that beautiful woman the Princess Helene?

Rely upon me, in any case, to send you all the news. Harry is fretting 'still for his for- tune, though Mimi, I bear, is to have two thousand a year' from the Marquis. He says he means to accept an offer from the editor of the "Daily Bulletin" to become Paris cor- respondent at a stiffish sum, and I do believe he'll carry out the threat. In Which case they sill have an apartment in Paris and a villa at Fontainebleau which he discovered the other clay when in his motor-car.

_ I'll be a lonely man. then, Martha, and glad to see you sometimes. Should the "Society for the Suppression of Human Emotions " de- termine to hold its meetings in London, you'll be going there and may menage to let me know. In which case, ro accident might find me in the great Metropolis also. Meanwhile, with my kind regards, believe me, dear Mrs. Warrington, yours faithfully, PADDY O'CONNELL. (To be Concluded.)

===== 0002601_19090612_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
OPEN AIR POLITICS.

THE BUDGET A VINDICATION OF FREE TRADE FINANCE.

Mr. Howes and the Lusitania,

There was an attendance of upwards of 1,000 at another of the series of open-air meetings promoted by the Warrington Progressive Labour League, which was held at Bridge-foot (near Arpley Cannons) on 'Monday evening. The - principal speaker was Mr. SAMUEL CLEAVE, of the Free Trade Union, who held the keen attention of the audience by the lucid and convincing way in which be exposed tariff reform fallacies and showed the advantages of Free Trade. Mr. E. Wynne- Jones (President of the League) presided and was supported by Messrs. J. Howes, J. Elwell, S.VVright ; J. A. J. Morton and J. Howes, jun. (hon. secretaries). The Cir A lasi AN referred to the glorious victory of Mr. Crosfield at the last general election, and said the Progressive Labour League had to take its part in nutititaining the great majority, and if possible increasine• it. He did not think the publics bad any idea of the prohibitory nature and scope of the proposals of the Tariff Retormers. Sometimes they said they. were only: going to. tax foodstuffs, but Mr. Chamberlain had we itien to someone to say that they were going to tax foreign graniee • someone else had said they were going to tax foreign dates and cement, and Mr. Wyndham bad told us that they were goiug to tax wood. Where they would finish it was impossible to say, but it could be takt-n as a fact that every article subjected to the tariff would be dearer immediately. The speaker quoted from a speech by Mr. Chamberlain in the old days, in which he said that Protection would increase the incomes of owners of great estates, swell the profits of the capitalists who were fortunate enough to engage in the best Protected industries, but it would lessen the total production of this country, diminish the rate of wages, and raise the price of every necessary of life. Tariff Reform, continued the Chairman' would make the rich richer and the poor poorer. The great bulk ofg loreign manufactures introduced in this country con- sisted of material and plant that were used in producing employment for British workmen. He ventured to say that for every pound's worth of foreign articles brought into this country ready for sane, £.3 worth was brought as the raw material to provide employment for our workers. If the tariff reformers succeeded in curtailing imports, the . exports would curtail themselves, and then where would be the more work and totter wages which they promised to the British wortman ? Colonial Preference would be a real danger and not a blessing to the Empire, and would tend to disorder and hostility instead of unity and peace. Allied with the policy of Free Trade must be that of freedom of the land. (Applause). Under the present system the power to obtain payment for the laud depended not so much on the right to use it as the right to withhold it, and as a result they had the idle rich at one end of society and ?he workless poor at the other. The land should come into the market free to the people who could put it to the best possible use.. There could be no real question until the land progress was dealt with. (Applause.) • Mr. J. Howlis referred to a speech made at a recent tariff reform meeting by Mr. G. H. Wartairton Steel who disputed the accuracy of the statements which be (Mr. Howes) made with regard to the royalties and wages paid during a voyage of the " Lusitania." Mr. Steel was a young man of some promise, who was capable of rendering good service to his party and he (Mr. tiowesi liked to enconrage thoughtful young men on either side. ' He was. however, somewhat concerned about the reputation of Mr. Steel and he wanted him to be a little more careful in some of the things he said. Mr. Steel said that Mr. Stephen Walsh, M.P. had also spoken' on the question of the "Lusitania " and that Loth Mr. Walsh and he (Mr. Howes) were inaccurate. "I did not know that Mr. Walsh had spoken on this subject "continued Mr. Howes. "It shows how great minds sometimes -think alike. (Laughter.) I am not concerned to defend Mr. Walsh—he is able to defend himself—but I believe that what he said is as strictly accurate as the retilarks. I made." Mr. Howes said his statement that the " Lusitania " constuned 16,000 tons of coal during the voyage to New York and back was based on the return given during the last run but one of that vessel. Mr. Steel then stated that he (Mr. Howes) said the coal paid in ioyalties od. per ton. If Mr. Steel would refer to the newspaper report he would find that be (Mr. Howes) did not say od. per ton but a great deal more, and he would stand by the figures as reported. Mr. Steel also credited him with stating that the total crew of the "Lusitania " numbered 333 and that the wages paid amounted to £l6O less than was paid in royalties. He said- Mr. Howes was wrong and that the number was really much greater, the crew consisting of 827 instead of 333. That was a great difference but lie (Mr. Howes) never said that the total crew numbered 333. Ile was only dealing with the stoke-hole crow—as stated in the newspaper report—and the reason was because he was referring to the royalties on the coal they burnt. Probably the owners of tho vessel had to provide the food for the crew in addition to their wages, but the point he was emphasising was that the money paid to the landlord,who did not go into the stoke-hole, for the royalties on the coal, was more than the sum paid to the wen who had to work in the stockhole. Whether the amount of royalty was as great as he (Mr. Howes) said or not, did-the tariff reformers agree that the iron industry should be crippled by the payment of royalties to people who did nothing eit•ler to put the coal into the earth or to get it out ? This was the only country in the world where the mining royalties dropped into the pockets of private individuals. The 'law which gave these mon the right to claim the minerals was made by; the landlord class before the people had any Parlia- mentary representation. When the landlords had a monopoly of both Houses they took the minerals and then passed a. law to say it was right to take them. (Laughter.) Mr. Howes concluded by reminding Mr. Steel of a letter which. the League sent a short, time ago, and to which they were still awaiting an answer. When they received it, they would have an opportunity of dealing with matters at closer quarters with the gentleman to whom the letter referred. (Applause.) Mr. S. Ll LEAVE said they did not claim that Free Trade was all that was necessary in order to secure the well-being of the masses of the people and the indus- tries of this country. We were a long way off Paradise yet, but they claimed that under Free Trade we were nearer to Paradise than we should be under tariff reform. If things were bad now,they would be worse under tariff reform. They maintained that social reform was neces- sary, but that the necessary basis for any scheme of social reform was the system of Free Trade. Before Free -Trade was introduoed, the masses of the people of this country were in a shocking state. The income of the workingman was so small and the prices of com- modities so high that every available band for whom work could ue found was set to work, and the consequence was the great prevalence of child labour. Poverty, not on the margin that we accepted now, but practically starvation was the chronic lot of the poor. He challenged anyone to deny that the number of people we were supporting on these islands and the standard of comfort were tremendously greater than they were before Free Trade came into operation. Then

to g° we had tinder .20,000-,6-00 -rind not-enough fee ~.e(e. round, let alone- the comforts and.. luxuries 4.0.01.,ing, Now we had over .10,000,000 and as regardedihe feeding, housing, recreation mid education, tbillg"7e infinitely better.. They were ;.hotter because adopted the system of Free Tiade. Tariff tefo°l-tine- said there were 13,060,000' on the. verge Of star Tbe Thdre was no justification for such a calculatiol.l._,„tr poverty line that was talked of in regard to that rede"o, meet was 21s. Bd. a week and he was not going free that that wean poverty line. Supposing it e'`,. those that there mere 13,000,060 of the inhabitants ord islands on that povarty line of 21s. he wareie tto know what on earth tariff reformers had F° The talk about it for? Let them go to Prussia., tbot population of Prussia,—a highly civilized part 0110 ihe highly civilized German Empire wbe•o they bed Free advantages of Protection without the bendiceP, i °hey h'id Trade,—was 38,000,000 against our 11,000,e00. 21,000000 who were on the poveity line not 0' 0(1. but of 17e. 3(1., and everybody with more than 'l(4 per (he was speaking of 17e. 3d. per family and P, tao individual) had to pay income tax. Therefore' were reformers said we ought to regret that thers it 13,000,000 on the poverty line of 21s. Bd. (soPirioarse were true, which it was not) how could they Own of to come and say that if vt e only adopted a s',s, fhatit' Protection,all that would he altered? !low WC" -otter was not altered in Germany, and if we we11r.1.,,t°,1103.• places we would find things worse than in `.-.0 for Free Traders maintained that. the only justif„ ieriti,l;to of the Government taking money out of the P°"-,oseg, the tax-payer was that it vies wanted for public parlichicb and they complained that the purposes for .01If tariff reformers said they wanted taxation were irtis...oo destructive. in so far as taxation would aceolllPThe one of those purposes it wctild defeat the other' ,00(15 t‘riff reformer said be was geing-to keep foreign bore out so that our owis wotkpeople could batv°l ibeir emplosment, and that with what he got fie" fore" coming in he was going to give sociel 13.,10yd" (Laughter.) The Budget intiodnced by Mr. Oa George took away the last rag of an excuse tbilltof tariff reformers had for asking for more moneY (le to the pockets of the taxpayer. Every effort was latly tbe increase the demands on the Chancellor Exchequer in order to n alio it, as the tariff reich.frea thought, impossible for bins to find the moneY 00 tbet' Trade lines. Their idea was to embarrass him aa for very largely accounted for their 'demand blid, all these Dreadnoughts. The I3udget !IP however, shown that it was not necesse•- jll ;,3 saddle and handicap ourselves with tariff ref.'" to' order to provide for the reasonable needs of the ceiaa ibe •and for increased measures of social reform, or :sir' testimony to that fact was practically unite"' the Kier Hardie had pointed out that in the lifetime e,yet present Government the Chancellor of the would find himself, on the basis of this Budget, very such a suipins that he would he able to sweep effileeea food tax as well as the tobacco tax which hei:otisel temporarily imposed. Dr. Johnson said that pal....cri 0101 was the last refuge for a scoundrel. lie (the arwaslu supposed that if he had been alive to-day ileci-g have substituted the word" Imperialism." To ti•- speaker's) mind, there was not the slightest reolle ot n we should handicap ourselves with all the Inlr The Protection for any consideration of Empitli'LLetbe national debt had been largely built up in seelllnbet colonist's heritage, and he was protected la.n the, heritage at the expense of those be left 'fee mother country, because the burden of imperial oa t to cost him only about 2s. 9d. per head, whereas tbecescor us was something like 295. per head. Mr. Gleac°roeg, tended that tariff reformers were working in the direction. Vs hat we wanted was the remission 01. e'6 taxes and the extension of the old-age pensions ec.ssee and other measures of reform, And he urged tbe of the people and the industries of the country l0,1:0, under any pretext whatever to pey another the way of taxes over and above what they were tv;,,itY now until some other classes in the cn.lal9sleere' had begun to pay something like their but - (Applause). Mr. ELWELL moved a vote of thanks to the sr" el and the chairman and showed how the taxation imports would handicap our home industries. 1,01 Mr. MORTON seconded and the vote was hca passed.

4,11 ATII OF A ST. HELENS WORTHY. . hard S. Stubbs, an old resident of St. H el ens par,-",r,:riday night at Haresfinch, in his seventy-ninth „Iv ed • -alt. Stubbs was a native of Westmorland, but St. Helens about sixty years. For fifty years tt-c: fthe chief bookkeeper of Messrs. Robinson and 00. 131aldrv' retiring from business about ten years one of the foremost members of the Ftlkisit,?ad IVesleyan Church and for thirty yesrs was t'lline,Pchool superintendent, and he laid o.ne of the "I(t 04"cri stones of the new church which was erected r 8i„ NAI,O years ago. t At thlt °P ST. lIPLENS AND TOWN-PLANNING meeting of the St. Helens Health Committee, tk y, Dr. Paterson, assistant medical officer, f hn:,ed the health statistics, which showed that or j,?•Bl::',fortnight the death rate had been 16.1, against "11114 Te previous fortnight, and 11.9 last year. The 'sit is 32.4, against 35.1 last year. '4l "ter P &tat was read asking the committee to appoint t„_citt s:8, to attend the Town-Planning Congress !it Itier,"lll;Rht, Doncaster and York.—During the dis- iZtinr.tne Mayor Mr. Foote, asked what town- thenas, and characterised it ass fad. People had totif "'ea that this scheme would make the country 4t W411%1 f°' ever.—Alderman Massey (chairman) said tsl nlt so. They felt, however, that something tjhdone to improve towns and streets from a n 4 .(1 hygienic standpoint. iiii,01,(34119.h0r said he considered it would be time enough P•l,t -0 e Ell the bill was passed. iset, °ltntittee decided to send Dr. Bates, Mr. R. tile borough surveyor to the congress.

• • • :IA; ‘-`•,• !fr

===== 0002601_19090612_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMAN'S iIEADACHES

YIELD TO THE CORRECTIVE INPLL,-; OP DR. MORSE'S INDIAN ROOT

Many women habiat: ually suffer from 11°j aches and a Genet' Derangement of tilt: System, which life a daily purgatoli' ered with Headaches 139 business would be The truth is due [eadaches are Mostly ii causes. , For these 3,7: lorse's Indian Root F 4 ble, and also all disorde,l a a diseased condition u, i, liver, and kidneys, thlii 2 proper assimilation •hich should nourish °l:e d mitively and permanent'', )r. Morse's Indian it°°-

f men su

women do, standstill. Women's H to womanl3 ments Dr. 3 are invalual arising fron the stomacl prevent the food w body, are pi cured by - Pills.

- Sold by Chemists and Stores, price 1/1i fd., bottle, or The W. H. Comstock CO., 21, Farringdon Avenue, London, L.C.

RITAIN'S WORKERS

NEWBALL & MASON, NOTTINGHAM* NigagnangIEMEMOMMIMMINMONO°

. ...., t nl, .... ~ ....r,p0ttif.)1.:111.L...,.,:,,,, ~,- 1-.1,"(illi ..,.„). ~...,. .:., :-.. 4) 1,1 '. '1

"--"-, -----) 41' ,Ith ')y,/ ''',::::-•'

===== 0002601_19090612_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
A VII test, wi for bei zogistr

P.th G deVotioi eVelaing very' The 'Vag Vcr Soaith Irt,s W 1.13 Sper

A it %heel The

===== 0002601_19090612_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
DISTRICT NEVIS.

Lymm. ~.THE LATE Mn. ClnEctsoN's WILL—The will of the t!_t: Mr. James Gregson. aged 'l7, of Leckouy, Lymm, 44 keen proved at £10,398. „A VILLAGE PEST.—At the Police Ccurt on Saturday rStr William Boyle, labourer, Stretford, was fined lOs. I.°r being drunk nnd disorderly in the village.—The &gistrates on the Bench were the HOD. J. E. Cross and S. W. Gould. Padgate. P kr% • -GATE WESLEYAN CHAPEL.—The usual monthly lievetional meeting of the Guild was held on Monoay eAelling last, the Rev. T. Cladding occupying the chair. very interesting paper was given by slrs Plinston on Tha Lord's Supper." During the evening a quartette La3ithv,rAev.ably rendered by Miss Olive Cladding, Miss T. Cladding and Mr. F. Appleton. There 114 a good attendance and a very enjoyable evening Wa2 spent. Risley. P en.°RAL CLASS TRIPS.—ID connection with the Risley eLe"Sterian School Evening Classes, the Risley Choral tiZs exnursiod took pisce on Saturday last. It was I nmelaLPest and best organized trip the school has ever eon r"dten, as close on 50 members slid friends were tta,v,eYed from the school to Warrington Bank.Cluay tl, bY 'bus, and thence by train to Chester. Unfor- -anin"`e'Y tbe weather was not favourable for out-door Cilt-Lnent. and most of the time was spent in the 1,0,;"."10, St. John's Church, the walls with their watch skating ru k and variety entertainment, whilst vi.;alnher took the opportunity of pAying Eaton Ball a tni7th journeying by steamer along the River Dee. INAS partaken of at the Dee Caf4, and about ree'cilill• the return journey was commenced. Risley was about 10.30, with everybody tired and thoroughly sued.

Hatton. '.,TATION TO Mn. J. C.- TAYLOR. —There an interesting little gathering in Hatton Parish cn Monday evening when a presentation was Zto 111 r. J. C. Taylor, of Oak Tree Farm, the tarY of the Room, on the occasion of his marriage. vile chair was occupied by the Rev. T. T. Lee-Jones, key° referred in warm terms to Mr. Taylor's 'valuable tee,: toth —to the Room and the Mission choir. His let,',4ation as secretary of the Room was sure to be a to the committee and members, and be wished Mr. V.3.10r much happiness in his future married life. Mr. totti; Warburton, in presenting Mr. Taylor with a band- it,: ornamental clock, said he was sure they would all Ply, stith what the Vicar had said. Mr. Taylor, in said he was sincerely grateful to them all for the i wa,c",s they had shown to him. He was sure, f he Dt tif Pared, he wouhl look upon the clock as the prize Rooll Prizes. The R. J. S. Harries also alluded to the Work which Mr. Taylor had done, anctsaid he 4rd his successor would be as Well liked by the mem- Ur. Taylor had-been.

Culcheth. ect, Ali WEDDING.—The wedding took place at ts Church, Glazeburv, en Saturday last of Mr. 'l';;Yrityle' e second son of Mr. William Taylor of ea.'SS Greer, Culcheth, ard Miss Elizabeth Bandy, ter of John JBandy of Glazebury. The bride ki attired in a blue costume with hat to match, and leaLs 'lane Rodgers of Glazebury,.who acted as brides- Geo wore a brown costume with hat to n atch. Mr. ta ,rge Taylor' brother of the bridegroom, officiated been than tt, • s . A number of beautiful presents have ben ▪ Syto„ eING RAILWAY ACCIDENT AT KENYON tteie;.4°K—A shocking railway fatality occurred at fier„L°ll Junction StAtion on Thursday morning. A of toys who were travelling by the London to 4eNorth-Western Railway to Leigh Grammar School /4er,rd°d the 8.50 train at Kenyon Junction to West Clorblit; Leslie Southern, aged 13, of 7, Park-road, te the" he son of a Golboyne schoolmaster pd tell train whilst it was in motion and .n doing.so cot ~utoo the line and was run over, both his lags Lepsg 1ea,7,„4. He was immediately removed to the Leigh rY where he died a few hours later. ta,,',PIPPENDENT METHODIST CHAPEL.—The annual $4,,Y School sermons were preached in this place on pit 'f3l last by Mr. James Evans, of Warrington. "The 344rlios' eons of hope" (EL W. Jude) was tastefully ao., °red at the afternoon service by Misses E. Runcorn 1,,m Barton and Messrs. J. R. Fletcher and H. Overton. (17 anthems " Great and marvellous are Thy Works" 421,, !,,ktlice) and" Praise the Lord 0 Jerusalem" (J.ll. foto-7:4er) were escellently rendered by the choir the ow, le the latter anthem being finely sung by Mr. H. 1% `ttOrt• The theme "When the day of Pentecost. . , come" Rea)" As the hart pants" oio I,.•••4elesehii) and the "llalleujah Chorus " (Handel) t ably sung by the choir at the evening service. A and chorue entitled "Hear me when I call " was e 133 sun 17 the ! ch.ig el, sweetly by Miss Kenyon and choir, and area's Inenne were very beautifully rendered by enr vices ' !cholars. There were large congregations at both 4 and the collections amounted to £ll 17s. 3,1 d. Grappenhall. Arue GRAPPENHALL PARISH COUNCIL. ritC.o ting of -the above Council was held in the D'"'s on Tuesday night under the presidency of Mr. vi,ll; i!rr, There were also present : —Messrs. F. W. Vn Hg, Ashten T. Collins, L. Bolton, W. Bacon g 1,„ . Hoult (clerk). • e first item for discussion on the agenda was the Itt ALLEGED DANGEROUS DITCII lett raPPenhall. The ClQik said he had received a C4ele from tie Clerk of the Peace (Mr. R. Potts) for tho",er, which stated that with respect to the ditch at Ifero`ast, meeting of the County Couneil, instructions l're-• given to have white fencing erected in crder to hent any accidents. tetio, ePIY to Mr. Ashton, the Clerk stated that the wonld be about four feet high. to r.,• Ashton : Don't you think it is an absurd thing llt ° ? The harriers go that way and they Itr"oP right over it. Bolton : It will be erected sufficiently high 1"h to stop that. `qe nuater was then dropped. A I DUST LAYING. te fe,,,..etr was received from the County Council with treZet to dust laving. and said they were prepared to r,slllstit;ll°, main trunk road with calm= chloride or other Zotel-ang material if the Urban, Rural and Parish woine's parish meetings or other persons interested, Ittia ieP Pontribute one-third of the cost of pieividing down such dust laeing material. ‘Qaio',,l3ls' to queries the Clerk said ha thought the would include those running through the 4ree Ivaik*,--shton : The Knutsford-road has not been fit to kqeqehp.°ll in conseqitence of the dust. We ought to do %et'og• Chairrnan : Well, it is for the Coinscil to say, e,sr we should provide something or not. toq • Per Izolton ; We had better obtain the approximate kr mil,. B°lton's sugvstion was acreed upon. t Ow; ELECTION OF COUNCILLOR. - 'ettlos'ag to the resignatioa of 3le Ireland owing to ill ttee-. a vacancy occurred te which Mr. L. Greening haPPointed. Ills re o *a', decided t send Mr. Ireland aletter regretting tiglaation-. . FOOTPATHS. Ilt 4Opti; warelng stated that with regard to the public izttlinths Passing Mr. Warburton's farm, the stiles in vrtPath were considerably in want of repair, but monm'Rrburton had consented to repair them. If the %ts Present knew of any other footpaths that the tlvoqi(ellytself did not know. of, he. would be glad if they ,;latp,„l6t them know. Discussion followed as to a ;121itii„--' leading past Mr. Parr's house and garden and oii• d."g,iato Occupation-lane leading from the main '14% un hPing asked if he would consent te the foot- letaidreMaining open Mr. Parr said they should fully 'ulttteper the matter and then approach him. The 'Nos deferred for further discussion.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS.

No need for coppers

If you haven't a copper, don't worry you don't need one. If you have a copper, don't light the fire. Do your washing Fels-Naptha way. Be fair to yourself. Don't do your washing in the old back-breaking way. Get a 234 d. bar of Fels-Naptha soap and try it next washing day. Try it at our expense. Your grocer will give you back your money if you're not pleased, and he'll charge the soap to us. So there !

White clothes

Wet the clothes, and soap the soiled parts with Fels-Naptha soap. Roll each piece into a close roll, and place them all in a tub with enough water to cover them. Soak for thirty minutes. Then rub in the same water; rub a little in the rinsing water; rinse in the usual way. That's all !

Fels - Naptha

The soap with a Way of its own,

===== 0002601_19090612_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
INSTANT RELIEF, RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by EADE'S PILLS.

APPROVED BY DOCTORS ! ! Durham Villa, Park-road, Hythe, Kent, Juno 12th, 1968. Dear Sir,—For the past years I have been troub!ed with Gout in ray right big toe joint, and suffered great pain until I was told of sour Gout Pills by a friend of mine, and determined to try them. But I cannot allow this opportunity to pass without writing you to express my admiration at their quick and efficient treatment, and I SHAI L NEVER BE WITHOUT THEn.

I am a dispenser of 31 years' standing, and in all my dispensing these many years I havefailed to find anything do me good so quickly. The senior partner of my firm of doctors, I may say,approves of them. You are at liberty (fully) to make any use you like of this letter. Yours faithfully, EDWARD D. CULL, Dispenser. EADE'S GOUT PILLS

Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottle Is. 11d. and 2s. 9d. or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the proprietor, GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road London.

EUMATIC PILLS.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
r ':4 I'

Eseggisl 111MTNI _ gra4l PUBLIC OPINION really insign. • community is Ici are more is partic- expe- true ne

".-.

is generally sane and trustworthy. It is only on really insignifi- cant and unimportant matters that the sense of the community is ever at fault. The sentiments and opinions of the world are more likely to be right than those of the isolated critic. This is partic- ularly true of such matters as must be decided by the test of expe- rience. What the majority have proved in practice to be true ought to weigh with us as an established fact. Now if there is one question more than another on which public opinion is unanimous it is that the excellence of BEECHAM'S PILLS as a family medi- cine is unsurpassed. Their universal popularity has very suitably been expressed in the world-famed expression

' ''''' "I. :::, '''',.k. .p. r . . t ,x, .....; ;Jr. ik:... ._ • d- .(c -'4... .-:' iik- • • -,----- --,,.. --.:-.. -.,......,-AP 1 1:1 ~ ~,,, -.....••.:::::, 1:Z7.4..4; ...4 . :7- •k :If' I ARE WORTH A GUINEA A BOX. L

Prepared only. by THOMAS BEECHAM, Si. Helens, Lancashire. Sold everywhere in boxes, price 111} (36 pills) & 2/9 (168 pills). •

===== 0002601_19090612_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
were not prerared to comply Niith the,request for a further postponement of the revocaticn of the order, but proposed to revoke it forthwith in accordance with their decision as communicated to the Council on the 2nd Nay, 1808. TLe Clerk tepotted with reference to the communications which lad from time to time been addressed to various electrical companies on the subject of a transfer of the order.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PROPOSED _TECHNICAL SCHOOL.

The Chau-ream said there bad leen a eeadlock in regard to this matter between the County Council and to Local Government Board. The Council would however, be glad to heir that a letter had been received from the County Council, informing them that the Local Governmrnt Board bad waived their objection, upon advice they bad rcceived fom the Attorney geteral. Nothing now remained except to.seal the agreement, and he took - it that the building of the technical school would soon be proceeded with. Mr. Seton seconded and the resolution was carried. . THE HEALTH OF NEWTON.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
N:441 • A • 7 'll, •••• • - TjJJ! , ',Tat* 1 , WO, ter.„, •••;" rt;‹,. . 751: • . • .5 . _ . - 3si* „ : . ! • • . • ix 7 .4 441, = . .'?"‘S.:4 r. AV. -;* • • ; • 4, .• • • , d • . . • - - .;;;, • • • 407 f Lt. , • - . e • • ".4." • o.* • 0. • - ' • e":„"Z • • ; ISv • ';*

Made

Ask ow

down All seams turned in 2in. broad insertion. Trimmed li collar

Mcirette Skirt. Very fu.. ride, all CI " The 22 Articles given cannot be purchased or less than is.

tparat el y

Direct from the mill to the wearer. Not made in unsanitary homes at starvation wages. Our girls areas good, sweet and bright as the articles they produce Ask any friend to select for you.

THE BRADFORD SKIRT AND BLOUSE CO. JOHN STREET, BRADFORD.

4=l 0 '' *..."'V' 2/11 . - :11,, .• 12 I' : ' t.''./,',,/' ' id.—„ii :p /i , A' ' 1 ' V-tA.• j..., . rue ea. ..; ~.t,,. 1.: 'i , it; • : sd• 1 '.?:.(h. , .. .t- ! ri• ' 17.,,,:, . ' 4 .2 ,7 f v F 1:.... , ' , -.; ;• ' Mcr.ey ..• "-.."- •; eV ...4. .... !" e :t:ll't:ngede . i ... 1-- ,1 . if not .7 ' ___ - satirticd. k ~ ......,,.._ a Cream Zephyr Nun's Stripe ia •iling as ). 6 tucka irt. Sty, liiiik' lip,ok. ' Bello and 44‘%, I Brown, gtier4t..‘l4:"lnis 14:' - as photo. Liced ‘ . flt‘'* s• addle-Lack, Ace , seams turned kr..l,„_. _ ..... ____„..s. down. ---",'-----:.:4.0- . 11l and wide, an colours. - ---,hnsed ser'

, r • t - si .-.•••#.4( • - •

===== 0002601_19090612_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
Very Styli and most Usefai at for Ter, -day, best, or oiliday wear. Latest shape. Raffia straw, trimmed in most fashionable manner, with smart Paisley Scarf and Satin Ribbon in all the newest :shades.

Special price. 211 Portage It box 61. extra. BARKER & CO., 181 ALDNRSGATZ 81REET Loxpox.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, June 1,2 1909

LYMM WOMEN LIBERALS.

GARDEN PARTY AT LYNIM HALL.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
Speeches by Mrs. Crossley and others.

The newly-formed Lymm Women's Liberal Associa- tion gives every promise of becoming a useful asset of the progressive forces in the division, for the member- shiP has already reached 150 and the greatest enthusiasm is being manifested in the work of the organization. On Wednesday afternoon, at the invitation of Mrs. F. H. Smith, the members were entertained at a garden party at Lymm Hall, and the function proved a gratifying success. Lymm Hall is a 'picturesque ivy-clad building,standing in beautiful grounds which are just now bright with the bloom of the rhododendron and laburnum, and the surroundings are ideal for a- garden party. Fortunately the weather, while not brilliant, kept fine and fliere were occasional spells of 6unshine. The guests, who nuin- bertd about 100, were received by Mr. and Mrs. F. H. Smith, and tea was immediately served on the lawn, the catering being in the hands of the Winmar- leigh Café Company, Warrington. Amongst those present were : Mrs. W. J. Crossley, wee of the member for the division, the Misses Smith, Mr. and Mrs. F. Milne, Mrs. Proctor, Mrs. Goto')ed (hon. secretary of the Association) and Mrs. John Brooks (hon treasurer). After tea. the visitors dispersed to inspect the trimly-kept gardens, which were greatly admired, and bt 5.30 a short meeting was held.. Mr. F. H. &Lath, who -presided„ extended a hearty welcome to the gue As. He believed that women should take a cl, ep inurest in what were real politics. Woman had a great deal to do in making the nation and she Lhould have a great deal to say in the making of the

themselves. People were saying very extravagant things now-a-days abut Mr. Lloyd-Georges Budget. Judging from what they 'aid, one would think such a terrible thing had never been done before, and many of the rich people were as mad as could be about it. The rich people could make themselves heard more than the poorer ores. Of course, the Budget did touch the ech very greatly. The other day at Windermere a gentleman said to her husband "Why have I got to pay such a lot, owing to your new Budget ?" and her husband replied" My, dear fellow, because you have got such a lot." (Laughter and applause). Mrs. Crossley also instanced the case of a Conservative lady who complained that the Budget would compel her to pay £lBO per annum more in taxes. That sounded rather dreadful until they realised that it meant that the lady had £5,000 a year to live on. (Laughter and applause). At Conservative meetings a short time since they were always shouting about Dreadnoughts.—"We want eight and we went wait" and that sort-of- sing-song. The moment these rich-people were asked to pay a little more out of their great incomes they became very quiet about Dreadnoughts. Mrs. Crossley referred to the success of the Small Holdings Act ptised by the Liberal Government. She pointed out that in 1892 the Conservatives passed some sort of Srr all Holerngs Act, but in 15 years only 889 acres of land were disposed of fur that purpose. 'I he Liberals, had in fifteen menthe, by their Small Holdings Act disposed of 21,000 acres. (Applause). Mrs. Crossley strongly advised the members to read Liberal publications and so keep themselves well posted up on the great questions of the day. She wondered if they all knew of that delightful paper pub-

===== 0002601_19090612_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
3llls. BROOKS, Mas. MILNE,

A GROUP AT THI

MILNE MRS. F. H.

[Tonge.

~,..,,p,ir,i,,,,:er1i.,*.,._,.v,..,,,,,,,,,...,,,,,,...v,,,,;:. ..„.....N„,..„..„..„,„evL.-c.„.„4. r• ....,.. ikic.„„,...-.,.., 4 4,i,..,..,,,..:-..i„...,::..1;,...,,,..:t.,,,,-,,,,;t,7...„,,;:.,-:i ..-: -7. AI 1. 01 ..'• , :.,,, .' ' . :: ',. ~ : -7,..1,.•' ..1-2 --,-,-,1,` • ' '' .• . ‘• .t:4.,‘;t4,„ ..,4,,,,...r::-.5:4, . ~,,,;,,„` i ::. •,, ''>-.i..') , e . ,-- .r.,,,.,r,t,_...,;.,,,„,..,?..,:,.*:,,,.,:„:77.7,..r._.,. ~., .., 4 . .;: ,•t, • A JO, 'ff/-4.;;;'," ,'":4,,,,+.4-f.17,1 - , •'t- i .tkurr,‘„ttm,„...,...i.A..'....i., ; .z.4'..^, ."., ;•,; 1 : i.,.• ~ f..:;- .119,ter*?•W,,Wiire,;:,...4''::•ri• „,., •• t .!..*:-,s;;,:: "` 1.=4. -..' '‘'''',,,....„•l‘ 1',1•.' , ' ^ .... 0'4,• .t klei.c.;llol",-/•.- ,:.... 4.*,,,i,,,; - •'> --....-s-`7":"': ' ' ~,,,,, ,;,...4..,,i .' •-'• '-•.-•-•".---••,0•,: 2,„:, • ',"-•i•..i.. • , ~;..0,.. ~.??7;!..,- ~ ~..,..*".i.,;,,1ta.;.: t.,,..p,,,• - ..,,,i.,.•.• --.7.';":,f'•:::: ''',.-4.-:-:-;:-cr--.541;',1:1-. , ';',':—....:7---'; 10%,...:§t-?!..1F44.,V.,,, '-- -41 4‹: ''...... • , -••-•. ;•ft.'4.,Afit ':•',:..... ~; '..,t:'• ‘, •-•.'-.k.',-; f,— -.A,-**4. rk, -,-:.::11,-.4,1:.-,5-4-,.•,`. 2 •:.t:t.,„ • 44.7 .7 ' - ~„4,,A.4,1„..,..-4 ..: ~. 4. 4. •s-•-•,-,•• '''' \---' -----: '‘'iltVit-;.: ;.,i`:,'',..;'''....,..=;,-....V.-••.."!..;',•.' ,f11,•••:,,kt-1•Ai1iii7,:::::,7'2r.r..:::',. - . —.,.... • -- • • - ~.....4...... . .. rq-,-*lvrt".—:::,:-•.;;:,-„4,...?7••:-.,.::, . _ ' - c11.i..„:....., . . . -• ' ~,--va*..: •,,,. ..• • -..,:.i,,•:,:-.4.,,-.-:.,tft.;',:';1.,..?;.- ,;f :. '-' , 'l':',.'il , * =, I - --'- -"- • " 47,4: ' .-.-.4,-c•-"/` -•.• ''''' -''• tti.r, '-'4.1--; - ~ • '''' ; 'S'' -- •---"' 7. .-;.:1-' 4'.•:.','- ' - 4:' - '-'..t.--'- -,' • ' p„. „3„.,. J 4 ._... . . . - ..A„,... . ,-....,.,.,, ~„, -;icfr i.,•-• 4 •.' '501.'"..% ..... ~.1", ~- . --......14, ^ .',., ,-• ' z ' 4,,, 404. t.„ ..,.,,, ~ ''''' ; -;,.., • if... s' ' '',. 4ifits , ..7'.- ' • ' • '4: ...., . i' ..• ' ~,..;. ..'" ' ...-.2*4 t • ~.':.4' _ ./:;.(.: ''''' ' -' igtrAl',.. • -.r ''''' .• ,---".-,: '--, „,....,.."- ..-., 19.17.-#: 'y' - , C`•:+7,:::'-';',:- _ ...fa- . • ':::;;; . 4^-4 1116.4, I' L ~ ..„:„ ~.•,.....;:_,......._, . ~.**,s, •. `, .1. i 4 ~,, 2'..,.. s , ; 1, —*7 ' , ....... ' • ... . ...t.; .44'. , .._.... , ' ' ' . ~.,, .. 1: lett: - ,• •• - • • • - —...-

===== 0002601_19090612_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
nation's laws. For instance, if a woman had to Lring up a family of boss and girls, and she wanted them to grow up honest and honourable men and women, they were encircled in this country with a great many evil influences, some of them caused. by bad legislation in the past. Therefore .a woman, when she sished to protect her children, was compelled to take a great interest in the laws. "In every little home in Lyrnm an Empire rests." They were favoured that afternoon in having such favourable weather, and also in having the presence of the wife of their sitting Member. (Applause). He did not know why tl ey called them their sitting members, because Mr. Crossley, at any rate, wss a walking and a working member, and they were very proud of him. (Applause.) He went to Parliament to carry forward and help to pass into law those great measures of Eocial reform upon which his heart bad been fixed the whole course of his life, and by steady and persevering indus- try he had kept there—because it was a slave's life in the House of Commons—to vote and to do wl.at he could in order that those measures should be placed upon the Statute Book. And so they welcomed Mrs. Crossley and he (Mr. Smith) hoped that when she rose to address them she would have such a reception as would make her go back and tell her hustand that the warmest- hearted people in the division were the members of the Lymm Women's Liberal Association. (Applause.) Mrs. Crossley, who had a very cordial reception, then delivered a neat speech, full of intereot. At the outset sbe expre_sed the regret of her husband that it was quite impossible for Lim to be present. Tho Government expected their supporters not merely to come in at the last minute and vote, but to be there during the animated and important d:scussicn Oat was going on with reference to one clause of the Budget. She agreed with Mr. Smith in congratulating them on having such a fine day. sometimes en travelling abroad one lost faith in English weather, because one got so many snubs about it. She was in a lift in France about

===== 0002601_19090612_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
GARDT-; PARTY.

S3I ITIT,

MRS. GOTORED, Ains. CROSSLEY.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
tithed so near to them—the "Warrington Examinir." tihe was always very pleased when the paper came and she nad it through column by column and found it very interesting. One of the things Liberals could do was to suppert'and uphold a Liberal paper. She thought if they once began taking the "Examiner " they would always read it and like it very much. They must work for -Free Trade if they wanted their homes to be comfortable end happy. Touching upon the tobacco tax, Mrs. Crossley raid she bad sympathy for the workingn an, but he had to remember that he belonged to the Empire and the nation just as the rich man did, and why should he not bear his part of the taxes? Mrs. Cros2ley mentioned the case of a man who was grumbling at having to ray 43. per week more for his tobacco in consequence of the tax, and it transpired that his mother, who lived with him, WW3 in receipt of an old age pension of ss. per week. If he deducted fourpence, he was still 4s. Bd. to the good. (Laughter and applause.) They wanted to be on the friendliest terms with the Conservaties, but they did not want them to get the upper hand. Lord Bury was being married that afternoon with great spleirdmir and they were delighted to wish him success in every possible way with one exception—they did not wish him to have apolitical success. (Applause.) Continuing Mrs. Crossley asked her hearers not to be led to think that tar;ff reform would be a good thing for them. In Germany in May they were paying 52e. per Gina, ter for corn, as eget: at our Ps. and it was the consumer who had to pay the enhanced p:ice. Every member of that association should be a centre of ' influence, a missionary of the L,beral and Free Trade cause. (Applause) Mr. Smith said he wished they had the power to send two representatives to Parliament ; Mrs. Crossley w ould be one. (Laughter and applause). He was glad Mra Crosley mentioaed the Examiner." Ile under. stood its circulation in ryrnm was growing very much and he was sure that what she had said would help it

===== 0002601_19090612_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
[Tong,

. ~....... .2. . ....... ' - .., . '...'''..., ''',..7. .:...;,.... '., it,r,t 1:..'.-. ' ''' . ' . :.:. •:4;4.,..., . , . • ' .„'..:- .. --.7.;•. =','. ; . - . • ::'"ll''4.4'..i.eliiiii ... ' ..r.. ..:.:::.. ::::..,.. '7.?..411.,,,,:.;::•0.0.itit%'.. 7,i‘i .... , . , .... ...i. P . :.; . . , ~ • -:12.-.‘„ • ~N,"::',.., .1i,.. :' 1,,,,„.,,,,,,r;,.., -:: ....;:'kci;‘,i..l?.;%,-. ...,,•;•I,,,,:''''. • ..*,';.P..:..'• -: - ' ' ! '' ' ' ' . ' ' . '' '‘..7':W::::'.:':::::::. : : :;.t.f4k1.:01%'4!.::4:... .„:•.',....04',iik.31'...-,, , • .•;,..„!3:':., . . • . .. '... . ..,„.S., :.' ''s ,'„, •,..;.,ZApti, ,07 -1E..,.,..,,,,,'7,-V.:5.,:4,,'',:, a.?,4o,•trt • ''''',:',.,..'• .. 7;?•;,' '.'''''''... '''' '' . . . ~.,..,-,''',.'4',V.'::;-..', ..'::'::.;'''''';'..:::':::,:'''''.::';,,•""i''''A''''''"'''''';''''':''''s '''' Alo*-W4' ...' s ' , . . . ' ..#:::- . '. ~... ' ~., ~..,....„..N:::, ~::...p,.,,,P.,:'..4,i'4.,i:, .. :?..'.,N:::%.4...,.*M.....; :%.:::::,„:"..'.:,::,P.;:: ..• '....:',.1':1,::',°74 Et k ' ..4.l''''' .• -- ... ' •.• •,,,i*,,,l:*::'•':'‘.' '''<',NVZ!':.?,,.;. : ''''';:.'<itf,.;:i'..e: ..‘%:1;*:•P:7:,..';',i't.....`!:,..„:i....:,.... 40, :,!,,,V.'1.:,,44::.r,3•1.4 0 '..' -.''..k.,,--,..'".%'7":',.. ''' ''..-‘''',.:V -;:r.,,,-- . ,:...-..v.. -,.,-..,:‘.7.-ftt, ':.'...'!...i..,.. a.,-.:..-1,6.--,,,,i,-'... ' .7: ~....4-. ....' • " ''''''::§44r4l-....... .. ' ....... - -1111.*t.i.1:-?..:z:.;.7. • . . 4 ..* * -;.. '''''. .......''. ', ::,...:13:;..--fiti..:Aggpg::::: .‘. --. .- '..,3,4.;.: ....-,4-,,... .- - -,.;:1„,..-- -' . .. - ::-..." ' --.49..,''-'• ...:4: . ;>4-li.; ..;N. 4.-S-'.. • • '":.'...'.-2',44,ig:14'4-4'k .. ..:.• ' .''.;'.-'-... i', ~. •-_. - ' r . ....0.'4..,-., :;...,:.;.'. : ; :,i,..7::itt!..1--'•*.',;-':** ~...---- . - • - :',,,,,,v.=. <.',,,,4---. .7... ... ~..,.;::::::.._ ... .0,-,,,:o4:eit'-'44 ' t.--1;:.- t : -''•-:0-,E.'-. - -:-. , _ ...-. , . - 4.0. -. ~,,,,,, ~... „.. ~,„,,,,-,,,,...,.A.,..:....-..:- .".„..:0...,...,4a .-;,..--.<-!• --.,-.. • '' ' ' 4144i.;1:' e'. ..A''':7• 4;'- -4.4 M lii-:f 4*-0. %04'.: .eg• - - 4-I:4l;:i.*' • -*','.-,1 't, ~ .., : .1,1-MO-7.1-JIIIK:1,,, . - : :•• •!..... ' A.,,..t witteiriens., ..,, ;:fe;,:-..-,:.- - --.:...,,,!!',....•.-...'ir_41:4:...,--;t:,.::.„,.:-..: ....--.,-,:.„.;..,::..,..:...,,,z,,.,4.7.,:.:,.,.;:,:.,...,.:1 .. . „.,:<„,..• .:::1,5.,:r,:4,,u,0,,:,::....;::,1-,-;og,Fgkoco..i.ofij.-ic,::,,-:.;.<.:;,...,:.,,:.;1.t..,..4,-:4i.,i.:-....::,,L..5k44:...m ,:tw ..*:.-i1tAt...,,,,.::.:1R,,-t.0f:41,.,.0.4v1ai:1f,..4...74.t....i-gfia::::4,...f,, ..a.tga.,-,..'.;.,-,.-z-4,:::55.:#-,...-„x;:gort,:7:.;,-...,.,..:-.„..,:,,,' ~...... . ~...• _.• .. , : ~..; .: :....,,,,,,.,....:,-,,-:-.., ‘• . *-,,-,--,4- -,.: - -:A.... -,.;,-,....--,,.....,*-... .- ',v,-.. .-.. • •,,,,k.„,-,..: -:.: .. -.- -:•.'.`.. '''''.'i-!,•:!..1:7.'•---,-,:'-:,...:j,•<.- --- . • . - • . ,-'4,-•'• -.:•:'-.. ‘...A-,;.-4,-,lfet-',115 :•::--...,4t.--..: . ;.':4,..:''''':.'4,-..r.,;*:,..:-....--.... :-.:'' . - . '7". OM - ' -•... : -li,,,;',''i.-',-;;'. -- : .... '••!,,,,L°3':':'..-.. : "..'''*Aii:-":: ,:.k;Z.: 7- ,--44-ftillitiAit; A.:'i - . . ::. - 417°-74'.."'; , . ~.' 7.:. / • ‘::,:..:::..::::.:.;:':.....''....,....'.. - ... . -,:iii:1;: ,4:.%it1a5i.,..42,t,%.:.:::,,i:::: .tfie.,...-,. . „.i.iy,,,, .-.... e ::::-.. •: . - . -. . • ..-:,,,-1-4..;---i:N.,:. -,..i,',,.-,....:..: '.., - -'- • - - ....',..--<,., .s--.,.. - • •-• •,,,--: -.. ......,-- - ••••: '.- '' .:mmg,1F4:444-f---,,,--1: ,-:•,,,,r,r-1;;.:.. -- -- -....m...--.>,•i.0. -is i-,.. ---- ' -- . --,,----:'-.v.-,-4 .:.1.-!,:ii-A,.,441..... --...- - • 1 ' --....-----:...,. i'., .... '-i,,- . •—• ---,4 -1 rr .. •- ' - ''''•-•••::,,lit% .:-::::','-:-?:'.'-.*'''.. • ...- : -;.,-,....:,: -<.•-• '7:,e- --.- - _- - ,'',....-'°:. -', -..° ',V..... d.-4..".-°' ....W. -.,- ‘. --: - . ~,--v-• : --:...-',.-. , .1 T -' - tv,..-- ...:,•::-v....4k.:--.4.-74..,....ta .....;§,,,..i.::,. - ' - • .-:. ...;:, .., _lt.,•-,i,...- . - -a. --i .414.,V.ce44:0'. 4'... V ''''' . ..,-:•:. .::%'' . . .*' ss'''';'-'".4.11,e':'-',.‘ ....7 ... ' :'" ~' ''' ': • ',' :.. -:: '' ' ~,, „ -, - ' s.,', 1:-',':',",:'eP..kk,'''' - • ..:t-._,....,... .„,,,,,,,,,„,...„,...4,_4.4, . ,- ,:!. .4.. 4-4,4 .....14re-r.i. s'..l'),V-..--',--,21'444 ...." ''''''' ''''''" "'' - -..-.A-,-••;-;-•-,-.;•-.,;:.::-.: - _I,. -: ....,if '''''...;°.--4' ' '

===== 0002601_19090612_art0103.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
hoto]

===== 0002601_19090612_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
MRS. W. J. CROSSLEY AT THE GARDEN PARTY,

a year ago, and the sm 11l lift-boy in some a skward way rmidentally broke her sunshade. At first he began to apologise, but his face brightened and he said: "It does not matter, maiame. You are going hack to England to-morrow and you will never necd a sunshade there." (Laughter). However, she theught they would agree that a fine and beautiful day in England heat a fine and beautiful day anywhere else. (Applause.) They were grateful and happy at being present that afternoon to get from Mr. and Mrs. Smith just the send-off and the lift-up thit they wanted, because they were a young and struggling Women's Liberia Association, although, judging from the large attendance, it hardly appeared so. The Association had not been in existence very long and it was at the very beginning that they most valued such help as Mrs. Smith had extended by entertaining them with such grace and courtesy. (Applause.) Why did they want such an association to exist at all? Because they felt growingly day by day that women wore a very important factor in politics. She vas old snough to remedtber the !ay when a great many of her own sex used to say: "I know nothing about politics and I care less." If she heard a young woman say that to-day she would think considerably less of her, becanse. it was so important that a woman should care for.the politics of her country. If they cared for their country, for their homes, and for their Empire, it was necessary that they should know on what side of politics they stood and what it was right or wrong to believe. The Conservative party had taught the Liberal party a great deal in the way of organizing their women's influence and work, and carrying it through with real. zeal. It was a case of playing that afternoon,. but she was sure the members of the Women's Liberal Association would not begrudge a little hard work in the coming autumn and winter. They could not influence other people unless they had acquired a knowledge of political sul.j(cts

===== 0002601_19090612_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
forward. During all the period in which that division was represented by the other party,Mr.Milne faithfully and fearlessly held aloft the Liberal flag. He hid unflinching faith that at some time that gnat division would return a Liberal member and his desire was con- summated when Mr. Crossley headed U e poll at the last election, as they hoped he would do at the next one. (Applause). Mr. F. Milne said he was told by an old resident of Lyn in that within living memory that old house had never had a Liberal living in it until Mr. Smith came to live du re. They were very glad to have him amongst themohecause they knew something of wlat he had done in Lancashire, and how ready be was to support any cause that appealed to him, as the Liberal and temperenee causes both did. (Applause). Some women were taking rather to much interest in politics. They were mating a good deal of trouble at public meetings and in the neighbourhood of the House of Commons. (Laughter). He sometimes wished it were possible for the militant suffragists to bother the House of Lords a bit. He did not know why they should leave their lordships so severely alone. (Laughter). Mr. Milne raid a tribute • to the good work uhich had hcen done in maintaining the Liberal cause in Lymm by Mr. Swtnwick, Mr. Gotobed and others. At the last general election Cheshire proved itself Liberal from end to end, and they in the Altrincham division returned Mr. Crossley by the biggest majority of all-2649. They wanted to maintain that majority and when Mr. Crossley stood again they would have to work very hard against the forcesarrayed against them. At the last election Cheshire rose in revolution against against all the mis-government and the paltering with principle uhich had been exhibited by the Tory party uhich bad so long held the reins of office. Mr. Milne proceeded to review slme of the more import:int achievements of the Liberal

===== 0002601_19090612_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
Government, and said that as a result of their Old Age Pensions Act, 6C0,000 people over seventy years of age were receiving pensions, without the stigma of pauperism attaching to thrm. (Applause). It was to the interest cf this country to encourage agriculture, which was the first productive labour that we had, in every possible way, and that was what the Government had bten doing. The reason fcr the non- success of the Tory Small Holdings measure was that they left it to the landlords as to whether they would allow people to have land or not. The Liberals in their Act compelled them to give , holdings when they were applied for. The process, however, was still too slow, and Lord Carrington, as President of the Board of Agriculture, would be asked to use the powers he possessed to make County Councils come out and buy tLe lend and divide it for the small farmers who applied for it. (Applause). Mr. Milne commended the Budget as placing the burden on the shoulders best able to bear it. It was worth while leing a Liberal, for after all, the record of the Literal party, although they had had many set-becks and defeats, did make for the glory, honour and credit of this dear old land of ours. (Applause). Liberalism NV:l$ not a dying but a living cause, and it MILS some- thing worth fighting for, because it made for all that was greatest and noblest amongst us. (Applause.) Mrs. Crotobed proposed a hearty vote of thanks •to Mr. and Mrs. Smith for having thrown open the eropnds and entertained the guests in such a delightful way. She was sure the memters of the association would feel that was a happy beginning of what they hoped would be a very successful ce.reer. Mrs. Gotobed also included in the vote cf thanks Mrs. Ciossley, who had come specially from London to be with them, and Mr. Milne who had long been such a friend to Liberalism in the division.

Mrs. Brooks seconded and the vote W 35 warmly passed. Mrs. Smith, in responding, said it was a great pleasure to do any little thing for their Member and his wife and for the advancement of Literalism in the division. She hoped to see them all on some future occasion. (Applause). Hearty cheers for Mr. and Mrs. Crossley concluded the meeting

===== 0002601_19090612_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The fortnightly meeting of the above Board was held on Tuesday in the Board Room of the Dutton Work- house. Mr. J. Spruce presided, and there were also present :—Messrs. C. E. Linaker, C. E. Linaker, jun., T. Wright, C. Roylance, J. Hallows, S. Woodward, J. B. Chadwick, P. Booth, J. Bolshaw, G. Egerton-Warburton, Admiial Jones-Parry, R. Nixon, J. Spruce, J. Renshaw, T. Antnis, J.Mynekyme,A. Broome, J. Weir,C.l3ritch, J. Hullows, W. Harrison, J. H. Davies, J. Stokes, W. R. do Prez, Thomas Cook and J. Pearson (relieving officers), G. Ashton (clerk), W. Warburton (assistant clerk), T. D. Rollinson (master)

===== 0002601_19090612_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
SALARIES INCREASI'D.

The Local Government Board wrote approving of the proposal of the Guardians to increase the salaries of Mr. and Mrs. RoHinson' master and matron of tie Workhouse, from £7O and23o to .£55 and £35 per annum respectively.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
NUMBER OF INMATES.

The Chairman reported that the numt.er of inmates in the House was 170, compared with 155 the corresponding week last year. For the last fortnight the numbers of vagrants were 112.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL

The fortnightly meeting of the above council wns held in the Dutton Workhouse oft Tuesday, Mr. T. Wright presided, and there were also present :—Messrs. Linaker, &Woodward, J. B.Chadwick,C.E.Linaker, Jun. P. Booth, J. Balshaw, C. Roylance, G. Egerton- Warbui ton, Admiral Jones-Parry, J. Spruce, T. Antwis, J. Renshaw, J. Mynekyne, A. Broome, J. Weir, C. Britcb, J. Hallows, W. Harrison, J. H. Davies, J. Stokes R. Nixon F. Diggle and J. Swinton (surveyors), J. Farrington (inspector of nuisances), G. F. Ashton (clerk), and W. Warburton (assistant clerk).

===== 0002601_19090612_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
ISOLATION lIOSPITA L.

111 r. Woodward reported that the nurse at the Isola- tion Hospital had resigded in order to take up other duties. A laundress and a maid had also resigned. Mr. Linaker (jun.) : How many have you left? (Laughter). Mr. Woodward moved that the Clerk be instructed to advertise for persons to fill the posts. Mr. Davies seconded, and it was agreed tO,

===== 0002601_19090612_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY COMPLAINT.

The London and North-Western Railway Company sent a letter complaining of a sewvr pipe owned by the Runcorn Itural District Council emptying itself into a ditch, which ran alongside the railway and bwned by the company, at Moore. The Inspector stated that there was some mis- apprthension in the matter and the pipe could not possibly be the one owned by the Runcorn District Council. After a little discussion it was resolved that the following members inspect the ditch and report The Chairman, Vice-Chairman and Messrs. Jcnes, Pilling and Woodward.

INFECTIOUS DISEASES. SCHOOLS CLOSED.

Dr. Adsms reported the following cases of infectious diseases :—Scarlet fever, Stockton Heath, 1 ; Frodsham, 1 ; two schools had been closed (Antrobus and F.even Oaks) for three weeks owing to scarlet fever. The attendance at these schools had fallen to 40 per cent. Norley school had also been closed owing to the same cause. The attendence had fallen to 47 per cent.

WESTON PA ROC II IA T. COMMITTEE. At a meeting of the Weston Patochial Committee, the clerk reported that the Weaver Trustees opposed the proposal of the Council to widen and make the whole of Post Office-lane from from South-road to the Weaver Canal in the ground that the whole of the lend belong- ing to them on each side of the lower end of the road was being made into wharves, that there would be no delay upon the portion of the road, that the traffic is insufficient to justify the making of that portion of the road and that such traffic is likely to still further decrease. The clerk further reported that the trustees would be willing to cinder and improve the same portion of the road ko as to make it suitable for such traffic as may exist. The Council resolved to abandon their proposals and that for the present only that porticn of the lane which lies between South-road and the bottom house on the north side of the lane ho made under the provisions of the Private Street Works Act 1892. That the Weaver Trustees he asked to improve the bottom portion of the lane so as to makb it suitable for pedestrians and vehicilar traffic. The minutes were approved.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON,

NEWTON URBAN DISTRICT lOUNCIL.

The Newton Urban District Council held its monthly meeting at the Earlestown Town Hall on Monday. Mr. W. Thempscn presided and there wore also- present : Messrs. L.-E. Pilkington, E. L. Bent, C. E. F. Borron, W. Collingwood, W. Davies, E. T. Evans,F. Harwood, T. Ritchie, M. Seton, T. Sankey, J. Naylor, C. Cole (clerk), A. Bowes (survesor), and R. T. Srtrtees (water engineer).

===== 0002601_19090612_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
GAS CONTRACTS.

The Chairman of the Gas Committee reported upon the tenders received at the last mee:ing of the com- mittee for the supply of coal' for the year ending 31st May, 1910, and it was resolved that the tender of the Abram Coal Company, Limited, for the supply of 8,000 tons of best Arley Mine gas coaband Of Messrs. Richard Evans and Company, Limited, for 750 tons of Arley gas nuts be accepted for the current twelve months. The minutes were passed, on the proposition of Mr. Bent, seconded by Mr. Seton..

POST OFFICE HOLIDAYS. The General Purposes Committee reported that a letter was read from the Surveyor of the Liverpool stating that with the view of affording a half-holidaygte the postmen at Newton-le-Willows, it was proposed to suspend the last delivery of letters on Thursday in each week; but that the collection of letters and despatch of the night mail would be made as usual, and enquiring whether in the opinion of the Council the proposed alteration in the postal services would meet with the general approval of the inhabitants of the district. They sesolved that the Clerk be instructed to state in reply to the communication that the com- mittee, whilst approving of the idea of a half-holiday for the postmen, failed to ,see bow it can be carried out without inconvenience to the public. Mr. Davies proposed as an amendment that the minutes be referred back to tbe Committee. He did s o because they had, he said, not sufficient information of what other towns were doing in this matter. Since the meeting of the committee, be had gleaned a little information in regard to the matter, and for that reason he moved that the minute be referred back for further consideration. Mr. Setcn seconded.

On a division, Messrs. Naylor, Bent, Collingwood, &tor, and Davies voted for the araendment,and Messrs Borron and Pilkington voted against. Tbe amendment was therefore carried by five votes to two.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ELECTRIC LIGHTING ORDER REVOKED.

The letter which the Clerk bad,—as-intructed by the Electrical Supply Committee, written to the Board of Trade asking them to defer consideration of the question of revoking the Newton-in-Makerfleli Electric Lighting Order, 1903, for a further period of twelve months from the 2nd May was read, . also the letter received from the Board of Trade in reply thereto, in which they stated that after careful con- sideration of all the circumstances of the case they

Dr. Watkins, medical officer, presented his quarterly report to the monthly meeting of the Newton Council on Monday, and in the course of it stated: I have the honour to submit my report for the fiast quarter of 1909. The population, esi ireated for the middle of the year (1909), is 20,714. There were registered during the quarter 150 births and 74 deaths, giving a natural increase of 76 for the quarter. Dating the quarter 94 cases were notified under the Infections Diseapes (Notification) Act, 1889. Seventeen cares of pulmonary phthisis were notified voluntarily during the quarter. The cases notified were as follows i—Diptheria, 33; erysipelas, 12 ; scarlet fever, 32; eeteric fever, 17 ; pulmonary phthisie, 17 ; total, 111.—The public health has not been so good during this quarter as.it has for a considerable time. At the beginning of the quarter the epidemic of measles, which has existed throughout the fourth quarter of last sear, was gradually dying out, but was sufficiently widespread to necessitate closure of the Manor Schools (mixed and infanta' departments) from 13th to 25th January, and the St. Peter's Infants' School from 3rd February till Ist March. Influenza followed and affected a large number of the population, but not so severely Es last year. I have no doubt that ri'large number of the deaths from bronchitis and pneumonia were due in the first place to influenza. The quarter has shown a great increase in the number of infectious diseases which has occurred, notably diphtheria, enteric fever and .scarlet fever. Full inquiries were made into each case, and in the diphtheria there was no reason to term it an epidemic. In very few instances could direct infection be traced from one case to another, and all the general causes has to be eliminated—such as milk supply, schools, &c. The disease appeared to be eudemic in the wards affected, which were notably those with a damp subsoil; not cue case occurred in those parts of the township with a sandy subsoil. With regard to the enteric fever, three of the cases were sporadic, and the source of the infection was not traceable. The whole of the rest constituted a localized epidemic. I believe that the scarlet fever is usually due no dir:ct infection; it is now usually £0 mild a dieesse that 1 am convinced cases get overlooked entirely, and are a danger to all others with whom they come in contact. With the exception of the birth and infant mortality rate., which show improvement, all are worse than piny previous quarters, notably the respiratory aud zymotic death rates and the infectious sick rate. The increase in the respiratory. death rates I believe to he due to influenza, and the increase in the zymotic death and sick rates to the enteric fever and diphtheria chiefly. The water supply has been good during the quarter.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0116.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Pw3'

===== 0002601_19090612_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
Viarrintu Grocerfor fa

L

===== 0002601_19090612_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
A Mistaken Mission.

Sir,—l was surprised on taking up the "Examiner" a May 29th to find from an extract of a sermon preached by the Rev. W. Bracecamp that the rev. gentleman is evidently very much alarmed that the Warrington battalion should be 200 behind their strength in the Territorial Army. The reason which the rev, gentleman gives for this is Simply that the young men of Warrington to-day are not doing their duty to their King and country. This prompts one .27 to ask" where is their country ?" when the majority of our English men have not as much country as would fill a decent sized flower pot, and the limit which any workingman gets is Oft. by 2ft. unless he is lucky enough before death to step in possession of a wall plot of land. And, now Sir, apart from has not the Rev. Mr. Bracecamp departed from the Gospel of our Master who was always opposed to wars and stood for peace on earth and good-will towards men? I may tell the rev, gentleman that I am not one of those persons who are either fortunate or unfortunate enough to be in a public position like himself, but.if I were it would be a long while before I would advise my fellow-country- men to -take up arms against any other country. As I read I shudder and think of the South African War, and the Chinese Labour question comes,back to me. I would ask the Rev. Mr. Bracecamp does he think that our young men are encouraged to come forward on behalf of their King and country when we see the capitalist step in and get the benefit of their self- sacrifice by the introduction of cheap labour after the war is over? Again I would say, to those who are spoiling to fight, well, let them fight to their hearts' content. They will soon get tired of it and pray for peace again if they have to go in the fighting line to be made a target of. Again I have a glance back and I see the poor widows and orphans left by the blood-stained -battle-field and ask myself the question where is their country? And now, Sir, enough has been said on this question. For God's sake, for our children's sake, and for the sake of those who are coming after us, teach the -people the way of sanity and brotherhood, and remember our Maker's words : "All ye are brothers."—Yours respectfully, A WHITE SLAVE.

. . .... I „, - t ers _ea . . '. 1• \ t _ • ---iirt...._ll:: • !ii Ig. I to the -..- :. . ' EviTak.,- '._ , . .- --'-'7,

===== 0002601_19090612_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW ALDERMAN.

BIOGRAPHICAL SKETCH.

A well deserved honour' has been conferred upon Councillor James Evans by his unanimous election to an aldermanic seat. For many years he has taken an active part in public affairs and there is probably no more energetic and painstaking member of the Council to-day. In response to our request for a few biographical details, Alderman Evans has supplied the following : " I was born at Frodsham Bridge on February 14th 1848, removing from Frodshani to Stockton Heath when I was seven years old. Unfortunately for me, my mother died when I was eight years of age. My lather at that time was working the old mill, known as Blinston's mill. Being one of a large family I had to start early to do something to get my own living. I became associated with the potato boats from London Bridge to Manchester, for which my only pay was just ti few coppers, which the farmers used to give me. Therefore it was to my interest to work hard. In those days the farmers used to travel" with the potato boats, and I have a very vivid recollection of the kind of sandwiches that they took with them, for what was left after lunch was given to the other boy and myself. After this I sought.

employment as a ploughboy at Crowton Hall Farm, my first year's wages being 50s. and my food. So far as my education was concerned it was practically nil. I did not think so much about food for the mind as food for the body, and so I was growing up into a young man when I came to Warrington over forty years ago. I had learned to write my own name when my friend, Mr. James Gandy, who now lives at Enfield Hall, gave me very valuable assistance in a number of lessons, and so put me in the way of help-, ing myself. By perseverance and hard work I have step by step reached a position that, in those early- days I never dreamt of. It is with pleasure I acknow- ledge the appreciation of my public life and work by the people of the good old town of my choice, and I, am still hoping that my life may be spared to faith- fully discharge such duties as May from time to time be laid upon me." It may be mentioned that on coming to Warrington Alderman Evans threw in his lot with the Independent Methodists at Friars' Green Chapel, where he has remained as a member for over forty years, filling all the offices in connection with the church and taking his place on the plan as a local preacher. Alderman Evans entered the Town Council eleven years ago as a representative of Whitecross Ward, and at the subse- quent elections he has been returned unopposed. He -represents the Corporation on the Lancashire Asylums Board and the Matchester Port Sanitary Authority and his most important office is that of Chairman of the Health Committee.- Alderman Evans is a staunch Liberal, having served as Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Liberal Association, and he has for many years been Chairman of the Liberal Committee for Whitecross Ward. For the past two years he has been a member of the Board of Guardians. CONGRATULATIONS FROM THE BOARD OF GUARDIANS. At the meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians on Wedneeday,Mr.J.Billinge said that the all- importantand august body the Town Council had con- ferred upon their friend Mr. James Evans the dis- tinguished honour of alderman. He (the speaker) was sure the members and officials of the Board would desire to offer Mr. Evans their heartiest congratula- tions. and they anticipated forhim a very joyous tenure of office. He moved that a vote of congratulation be sent. Mr. GEORGE MATHER seconded. Miss BROADBECT.—I am only sorry that Mr. Evans "hes not confer the great honour and privilege upon us—since he does us the honour of belonging to this body—of attending a little oftener. Mr. A. BROOKS said it was hardly fair to Mr. Evans to let that remark"go unchallenged. He met Mr. Evans that morning and be expressed great regret that he could not attend the meeting as he was on Town Council work. Mr. MATHER : I believe be is going to London. Mr. A. BROOKS: It is public work that, keeps him from this Board. Miss BROADBENT : lam sure he is most busy. - The motion was then heartily agreed to.

HERNIA.—The new Fluid Pad Truss never gets hard end is effectuel in most difficult cases. For slight cases the new 'Waterproof Washable Truss, which is always clean and most durable, is strongly recommended.— WHITE & WRIGHT, Surgical Instrument Makers, 93, itenshaw it., opposite top of Bold st.,Liverpool.

• • •.; • •;;1*,44, .vr4llo • '‘: i1%.117://ln% /.• • ' , •

Photo Birttes ALDERMAN JAMES EVANS.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
TILE ROYAL VISIT.

The local arrangements for the visit of their Majesties the King and Queen to Warrington on Tuesday, July 6th, are being rapidly pushed forward On Thursday, Lord. Derby in company with the Mayor (Alderman Forshaw), the Borough Surveyor, and the Lancashire County Surveyor, motored, along he route from Worsley to Warrington. STANDS FOR THE CHILDREN. -

The stands to Tie provided for the day school children between the ages of four and thirteen,will be allocated as follows St. Elphin's Park (where there will be two stands, one on each side of Manchester-road).—Faitfeld, St. Benedict's, Silver-street, Beamont, St. Ann's, Hamilton- street, Parochial, St. Peter's, and Blue Coat Schools— a total of 5,943 children. Howard Place.—Bolton Council, St. Mary's, Latch- ford R.C., Ladies' School of Industry and St. James's schools—a total of 2,702 children. - Liverpool-road.—St. Alban's, Arpley-street, St. Barnabas', Heathside, Holy Trinity: Sankey Bridge, Wycliffe and Sacred Heart—a total of 4,969 children The number of children accommodated on the three stands will total 13,614. The 'control of the stands and the arrangement of the children will be left to Mr. J. Moore Murray, Director of Education, and his staff. The Sub-Com- mittee recommend the Education Committee to grant the children a half-holiday on the date of the Royal visit. The scholars are to assemble on the stands not later tlom 4.30 p.m. It is suggested that a souvenir, in the form of an illuminated c ird, be presented to each child, but this will depend upon the cost.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DECORATIONS.

The Dec nations Sub-committee has, subject to the cost being satisfactory, decided upon the following scheme: The erection of an arch of welcome on Bruche Bridge (the Borough boundary); the hanging of baskets of flowers from the end of the arm of each trollo standard ; the erection of an arch on the East side of the cemetery gates, and another over Padgate- lane, opposite the Cemetery gates; the erection of additional arches over Buttermarket-street near Market-gate, and over Sankey-street near Market-gate, at the East and West entrances of the Town Hall and at the Borough boundary near Sankey Brook. Tenders have been invited for the above work, the cost of each arch to be stated— separately, and for such -further decorations as each competitor may suggest. The rpte has bcen divided into three sections —first from Bruche Bridge to Mersey-street, second from Mersey-street to the east entrance of the Tqwn Hall, and third from the west entrance to the borough boundary at Sankey Bridges. Competitors can tender for each section or for the whole of the work. THE MILITARY ARRANGEMENTS. The committee appointed to look after the roads and traffic met on Monday, and appointed the Mayor as chairman. Colonel Fairclough, commander of the 4th, Battalion (P.W.V). South Lancashire Regiment, premised to provide 600 Territorials to line the route, and Major Edridge said he would arrange for 200 soldiers from the depot to undertake similar duties. The Town Clerk was instructed to apply to the commanding officer of the sth Battalion South Lancashire Regiment (St. Helens) to obtainthe services of a contingent from that battalion. The War- rington Corps of the St. John Ambulance Brigade will also ,be invited to assist. The offer of the services of the Church Lads' Brigade was accepted. It was decided that Buttermarket-sti eet should be closed to vehicular and pedestrian traffic • during the Royal visit, but tickets will be issOd to the householders and their friends so that they will not be placed at any inconvenience. A place will be provided on the line of route for the army veterans. ' The 4th Battalion South Lancashire Regimem will be invited to 'provide a guard of honour and the Chief Constable was authorised to engage outside police assistlnce. ,

A GENERAL HALF-HOLIDAY. The Mayor has been requested to declare a hr _ . _ _

holiday on the occasion of the Royal visit, from one o'clock.

ROYAL ESCORT,

Application h as -been made to the Army Service Corps to provide a Royal escort for their Majesties' visit. The escort will be mounted.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN COUNCIL AND THE LOYAL

ADDRESS.

At the monthly meeting of the Town Council on Tuesday evening, the Mayor (Alderman Forshaw) formally moved: "That a loyal address be pre- sented to their Majesties King Edward VII, and Queen Alexandra on the occasion of their Majesties passing through Warrington on the Gth July, 1909, and that the common seal of the Corporation be affixed thereto."

The DEPUTY MAToa. seconded. Alderman BOLTON supported and said they could not do better than be as loyal as any other Town Council. They should have a proper address and it should be properly presenled. Councillor TOOLE in supporting said the body to which he belonged had a very sincere regard for the King and Queen, and their Majesties might be assured that so far as lay in their power nothing would be wanting to show their loyalty and devotion to their Sovereign and his gracious Queen. The broad-minded policy with which his Majesty had identified himself had rightly earned for him the title "Edward the Peacemaker." To many of them it gave no little satisfaction to have an opportunity which those living in Warrington to-day had never previously had, of seeing presented in their good old town an address of welcome to those who were so universally beloved. (Hear, hear). Alderman BENNETT said that this was such an excep- tional occasion that it justified a word or two from him. He never thought of this country without think- ing of our other countries and without remembering ' that King Edward was the King of the greatest Empire on which the sun had ever set in the past and would ever probably shine in the future. It was, therefore, no light thing that the King should come to honour that little old town, whose history stretched back to the beginning of the Empire and which had always been so loyal and patriotic. It was, therefore, their duty to rise to the occasion, as 250- years had passed since -a King had visited the town, namely, Charles 11., but under circumstances which were not altogether auspicious. But the visit of King Edward would be auspicious, and be trusted that even the Clerk of the Weather would smile upon them. (Hear, hear.) The motion was put and carried with applau3e. TOWN CLERK'S WIG AND GOWN.

When the minutes of the General Purposes Com- mittee were submitted Councillor STEEL said that at a meeting of that committee he proposed and the Mayor seconded that on the occasion of their Majesties' visit the Council should purchase a wig and gown for the Town Clerk, and that was unanimously carried. He observed that the matter was not mentioned in the minutes. The TOWN CLERK : It was a little joke on the part of Councillor Steel, and it referred to me personally. Councillor STEEL: It was not a joke. (Laughter. Councillor PEMBERTON said that if the Town Clerk( objected, his wishes ought to be considered.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
INSPECTION OF THE ROUTE.

On Tuesday morning the Decoration Sub-committee met at the Town Hall and afterwards inspected the whole of the route of the Royal procession through the borough for the purpose of deciding where the decora- tions could be most appropriately placed. The sub- committee waited upon the principal manufacturers and tradespeople and received the greatest courtesy from them, with a promise of assistance.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
THE KNOWSLEY REVIEW.

Arrangements are practically completed for the Royal Review of Territorials in Knowsley Park on July sth._ His Majesty the King is to present colours to eight of the twelve West Lancashire battalions, seven of the colours being blessed by the Bishop of Liverpool, and the eighth (for the Scottish) by the Rev. Alexander Connell, of Sefton Park. The number of, the Territorial Forces under the command of General Bethune will be about £15,000. Generally speaking, the artillery and engineers wpill arrive by road, and the rest by rail, disentraining at Huyton and Prescot. Commencing at 4 p.m., the Review, opening with a general salute, will occupy an hour and a half, the King passing in his carriage twice along she whole line. Given fine weather, the spectacle is tare to be one of the grandest which Lancashire has ever Witnessed.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Sportsman's. Tragic End.

About noon on Thursday, Peter Lawless, a well- known --sportsman, was found dead under tragic circumstances, at his home, 110, Forster-sfreet, War. rington. A neighbour, on entering rhe house, found Lawless with a big gash in his throat, evidently self- inflicted, as a blood-stained razor was found near the body. Deceased was well-known in sporting circles in Warrington. Several years ago he played at three- quarter in the Warrington F.C.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
BUFFALOES AT BOWLS.

•... ......,../.... ~, ~••••")aarf ~ . .2".*,•-•,-,••%'1- "•,..• .- ' •-, ,4i?.,4,:',N. a r r: .. - . .. -. r ..r. ~ ~. . • , -...,' r ,'-''-;••.•:::" ::'...:•:.1'.... '' 'itli:ll:.:.. tr . , , •.^ ; ~ , , , r .. , , .` . , • • t: • ..$ ',E'•';' it -.->•.P. !iia": :.: . ' • ; • . .. .. . , a•.. 5., ~ s ~,• , ... • - „,.. . , ,•.• , ,• •:„.„.• . • —,,,, Is.' -.5 --- ',,,....- , •,..; ir..4. ,11.;.„,:: -..*. ,;„„,..:.,..,...... -, , . •p. . ~ - . ~,,,,.. ..., ".""-- .i ~«. :-- .'i m• ,t? fictiot .',.. :....;-0*.1,:.•;.- ..:- , -• '..;:t.,,,,.--,....1,:,--sk, ...', .' - \-..-45i., •-• . - ... '.,;(,:•,;, ,:i.. -,-., .'t 1 ii,:••:... le! ..,,,.. .1. '..„"t:;•:•• '-• ~ -' '.,... '4. ..j#44::-. 1 —",'" ': 'W.--,. e••s*, • N.-- :..,,,,.. ~.„ „..../.......... ~.,,;,- ~,, .-,1,4 .. 0, i*-3..,K it ..'!,..,--- -41,;,..;14' --y.....- ~,,,i44:, ; e.....A -,..,H,,,-;,--,,,,. .3„....:,,,,..,...... ..,,,,.. ~..,.A.I, ~,,,i..,,, kI. -,,ii.1,..t ~,,,,..../ . t,. „i •!, .---• \-,.1. - •••=.,M. • :,•,' ~'" e • ,:i'i - i4t,'-z' ..P.r., .1:(44' ' .:'.;:."'• ..' '`•'l'-','-'!"A;4l.`e-•:---...."4- . •:- 4'4 \.'i 4 ~,e4 , set '...,1- IV t ( w.ll. 1,1,7 ..,-,44;'...• -t. ,--1-•!, • ..,,; •' -• •..• • ;',l•.4tA ‘O.; ',...74 ‘: ;. ;. • ~,' # k. , t z.,•• - , - - t.' .. •-.• , - ' ~ - ''• '••• ' „tztjis :, • ~ , • ~! <„, . • •,.. : r-•_±..,4,-„r- ......:, 4,- .;,- -, -.-.,..: ; *---"' It ~.„.. ~.; ,-- w • ~ i , N 4 -. t..... '", i V.": 1" ~,irr • •4` :••• ..,;,..'• •"..-, -.- .. -47.4144 it, .14. 4• . . "r vi V:,k- '• . - ~.% . - • - •'• *,. , ~ - .• • ' '' ' . ' - ..A ..4: - 44 -'3 —..-•.,. •. .".` ' •. - , •: " . . .. • , , , . . . • , . . ...., . . .. .... - , ~. . , . . ._ , .. ' . ' . '' ' ' ' ' ' ''''' ' ; :. . : 'i:''',lSSE4..t• ' ' ''' ' . , • -, ..',...." •-.. . . . ~ - . ...... , . • •

===== 0002601_19090612_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
Stockton WARRINGTON AND WIDNES BUFFALOES IN FULL REGALIA.[IIfoore, Heaih.

A friendly math at bowls between members of the Widnes R.A.0.8. and the Warrington R.A.0.8. was played on the green of the Stage Inn, Lower Walton, on Thursday, and resulted in a victory for the hom3 side. There .was a large gathering of Buffaloes from both districts, and soon after arrival the company enjoyed a walk round the Walton Hall grounds, by the courtesy of Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart. After the bowling, an excellent tea was partaken of at the Stag Inn, following which the different lodges represented paid a regalia visit to the Victoria Lodge, Stockton Heath. The photo- graph reproduced above was taken by Mr. J. V. Moore, of Stockton Heath, and shows the Warrrington and Widnes Buffaloes in their full regalia. The arrangements for the day were capably carried out by Mr. James Strange.

The scores in the bowling match were as follows :---

===== 0002601_19090612_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON'. Milam 4 Oldfield

WIDNE3.

We3t ll 03nroy Lyons Carroll ll Evans

"Mom 13

Dixson • 7 Taylor _ .

Wadsworth 4 Raihbone Ponlson

Littler ll Endersby Stewart

===== 0002601_19090612_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
Penny .. ll Cheadle

Jones ll Price...

Fleming Hayes 7 Ishervcood

Jolley Lewis 1 Heyes Williamson Nain Mitchell

Robertson, 2 Taylor ...

115 Warrington winning by 33.

become recipients of out-thlor relief. The Infirmary district covered the whole of the Warrington Union—Urban and Rural. Any generosity the committee might think fit to extend would be appreciated by the general body of ratepayers, especially as the amounts involved, which would do so much good in the cage of the Infirmary, would not be felt by the community at large as the income from ray £212 was an infinitesimal drop in the assessable value of the whole Union which stood at £472,470. The CHAIRMAN said the committee had already acted generously towards the Infirmary, and bad taken fully into consideration the good work which the institution was doing. It was de.3ld3d not to make any change in the assess ment.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
THE YEAR'S ASSESSMENTS.

The CLEatt reported that at the commencement of the year Mr. Meacock was ordered to value fifteen works within thc borough. The valuation of these premises at that time was gross .£18,305, rateable £14,634. The present values were gross £26,192, rateable £18,433, an increase in rateable value of gross £7,887, rateable £3,799. The rateable value of the Union at the com- mencement of the year was £588,898 gross. At the end of the year it had risen to £593,546 gross, an increase of •£,1,618.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR THE CHILDREN.

A Great Social Institution.

The early part of the Twentieth Century will be known at the "Children's Age." The State has awakened to the fact that children" are not wholly brain." Appetites and morals are recognised. Consequently we have free breakfasts for the pool - and a' Children's Act' which protects young life from many powerful temptations and secures for its failings justice tempered with mercy. Change was inevitable. Compulsory Education .Acts demand compulsory feeding and compulsory moral training. It has taken us a quarter of a century to realize thar-parent,tl liberty is not as sacred as a child's welfare. Adult freedom -must be limited if its possession means , morally and physically undeveloped children. Much remains to be done. Perhaps the neediest classes of juveniles have been entirely neglected, viz., the orphans and those whose case is more pitiable than the fatherless. Hitherto, unless a child has broken the law the State has shown no interest in its training. Will it take another twenty-five years before we make provision for the fatherless and motherless? Lord Rosebety greeted the International journalists with " Welcome Home " : how long must we wait before the children, whose parents have lost every trace of dignity through drink or lust, or both combined, find England a home and its Government parental in its care? Unworthy ideas of liberty have hindered our progress and kept back happiness from thousands of lives,

Where legislation has failed the Churches have triumphed; the friendless and the weak have been their special care. Oi;phan Schools and Children's Homes are recognized departments of every Church. Roman Catholicism, Protestantism and Dissent have translated loyalty to Christ into kindness to the children. Worthy citizens have been fashioned from the wreckage of society. My purpose in writing is to call' attention to one of these institutions in our neighbourhood. At Frodsham tfiere is a branch of the National Children's Home and Orphanage.. As a street collection is being taken for it I wentL'a few days ago to see for myself what is being done and to give my impressions. If anyone wonders whether it is situated on the hills or in the valley let me recommend a cycle ride. The Governor will be delighted to see you. The first thing to do is to clear the mind of the words Institution and Governor, and substitute Home and Parent: No bumbledom here : no uniforms ; no pauperism or taint of charity i Some object in our Workhouses to the inmates wearing uniform. I object to the officials wearing it. Officialism is bred through the buttons and the cut of the coat. Bumble cannot be shut out if you give a man a few brass buttons. No brass buttons at Frodsham. Every child's fancy is considered in the cut of its garment and in the shape of its hat. Just look at the wardrobe in this home and look at it—save the name—in a Workhouse. Little girl's hats all trimmed differently in the Home; •no trimming, no fitting in the House. I went to see how 150 children are fed, clothed, educated, settled in life. Two sisters have the care of 25 children in a home ; ever child its locker, its toys, its cupboards and—shade of Warrington Guardians —its toothbrush. Every month a Liverpool dentist (gratuitously) examines the teeth of the children. A local doctor prescribes for their ailments. A farmer teaches the boys farming, a shoemaker teaches them to make and repair boots. All the underclothing is made by the girls,under the guidance of instructors. "How do you manage about the religious difficulty ?" I asked. If that question was not asked the Governor might have thought I lived in another world. And so I do. "We have no religious difficulty." There are no catechisms taught. In every Home there is family prayer and Christian influences do the rest. In the Fowler Memorial Hall —a lovely building--the children were learning geography and arithmetic when I entered. As we walked from the hospital a little girl limped towards us. She seemed bright and happy. But kindness cannot undo the work of an evil . inheritance. From a brothel to a Children's Home is a great change. Alas! some of the old influences must ever remain under the changed circumstances. Another girl is going into service on Monday— fully trained and equipped. Every girl is fully trained for domestic service. Many of the boys have found a new home in Canada. Mr. J. R. Barlow, of Bolton, has visited the Canadian - Home and has reported very favourably of its work. -There are thirteen homes similar to the one at Frodsham, and during the year 2,315 children have been benefited. If you have a few hours to spare, visit the home? Mr. Walton will be pleased to shew you round his seven homes, Memorial Hall, and Hospital; whilst the twenty-one acres upon which the Home stands will provide you with beautiful walks and lovely views. Remember the children and be as generous as possible to-day. Let June 12th give gladness to many otherwise cheerless lives and inspire many noble workers amongst the friendless and the weak. T. M.

TRESPASSING IN SEARCH OF GAME.—Arthllr Henry Rowlands, John Taylor, and William Jackson Lawless, all of Warrington, Moore summoned for trespassing in search of game at Moore on May 16th.—A fine of 10s. and costs each was imposed.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL ASSESSMENTS. IMPORTANT-A-WEALS HEARD.

Several important appeals were heard at the monthly meeting of the Warrington Union Assessment Com- mittee which was held at the Workhouse yesterday morning. Mr. J. Billinge presided and there were also present :—Messrs. A. J. Jolley, G. Mather, W. Gill, A. Brooks, W. Furness, J. Evans, R. Bolton, R. Forshaw, A. Bottomley (clerk), R. R. Meacock (valuer), W. H. Wood- cock (assistant overseer for Warrington), C. Cole (assistant overseer for Newton) and J. Dickenson (assistant overseer for Haydock). MESSRS. ARMITAGE AND RIGBY, LIMITED. Mr. S. R. ARMITA GE, on behalf of Messrs. Armitage and Rigby Ltd., appealed against the assessrcent of their cotton mill in Orford-street at £5,575 gross and £3,575 rateable. He said that in 1906 the assessment was advanced from £2,400 to £2,688, the advance being made on an enlargement which had been made. In 1908 the figure was again advanced to £2,723 in respect of some small additions which had been carried out. Since that period they bad made extensions, but nothing much. The mhole of the extensions they had • made, if they took them. on what they understood to be the rateable way of assessing, would not come to any- thing like the increase which had now been made in the valuation. They assumed that the old rating was con- sidered to be fair and they were prepared to show all the monies they had since spent, and they considered it was right and proper that the increased assessment should be made on the amounts which had been expended since the last assessment. They considered they were very much over-rated, if the amount was arrived at on the additions to the works. The whole matter was one which they did not understand, unless it be that the whole of the premises had been re-valued on a different scale. The CHAIRMAN: The probabilities are that during this period you have revolutionised the interior of the works, bi ought, them up-to-date by new machinery and so forth sshich has trade them more valuable. You twentieth century businessmen-must be up-to-date and probably you have spent a large amount on new machinery which has given an enhanced letting valtie to the mill, provided you wished to let it in the open market. •,, Mr. ARMITA GE : We have kept up-to-date with, the machinery, certainly, but I have yet to understand that you are rating machery. The previous valuations have been on the buildings only, and • there has not been any assessment on machinery in any town that I know' of. The CHAIRMAN: This is an assessment upon the whole of the works. Mr. ARMITAGE : Am I to understand that it is a re-valuation of the works which have been valued before? The CHAIRMAN: It is a re-valuation of the whole works. The professional valuer considers the figures,if anything, to be to your advantage. I gather you are not aggrieved at the figures. You think they are reasonable? Mr. Artimmos: : No. We don't think they are reasonable at all. ,We think they are excessive. I think it is very much to the detriment of the Corporation that assessments should be enhanced against manu- facturers. The town lives on manufactures. The household and shop property would materially suffer if extinction of the works took place on account of valustion. I don't say it has arrived at that yet, hut we are drifting that way. We keep going very steadily and employ 2,000 people, and I think we ought to be looked upon in a lenient spirit. It was decided that the 'Valuer and the Clerk should confer with the firm on the matter. RYLANDS BROS. RECREATION CLUB::'

Mr. H. H. FIELD appealed on behalf of Rylands Bros. Workmen's Recreation Club against the assessment of their pavilion and grounds near Gorsey-lane at £270, gross, £230 rateable. He said the rental of the ground was only £36 103. per pear. The cost of the pavilion, which was not of a permanent character, was £2,813. The club was not being run for a profit, and the grounds might really be considered in the light of a public park, because all the men and boys employed by the firm, to the number of about 1500, could make use of them, and it was an effort of the management of Messrs. Rrlands Bros. to provide suitable recreation. The club was, however, purely and simply a workmen's undertaking, and he thought it was a movement that ought to be encouraged. P In answer to Mr. Evans,i Mr. FIELD slid a consider- able sum had been spent n laying out the land, but be did not think that improved its valuefor purposes other than that for which it was at present held. The area was nine or ten acres- and it was undeveloped land before the club took it over. They had laid three bowling greens and the cost, including labour, seed, &c., would be about £5O per green. Any profit that might be made would be devoted to extensions, the projects which they had in view including a gymnasium and a miniature rifle range. The club was open all the year round, but there was only a small attendance in the winter months. Mr. FORSTIANV said that estimating the income sit between £5OO and £6OO, the profit would probably come to £3OO. Mr. FIELD: No, I don't think so. I should be very glad if we made that much. Continuing he said that Mr. Rylands, Aho was one of the trustees, felt very strongly that the figures were outrageous. The Committee declined to make any change in the assessment, the Chairman remarking that if the club were a proprietory business the figures would be con- siderably larger. Mr. FIELD: I cannot understood how anybody in this room would give £3OO a year for the place and try to make a living out of it. I think it might be arranged for someone to take it over. THE INFIRMARY. Mr. J. H. J. HAMPSON, secretary ofithe Infirmary and Dispensary, appealed against the assessment of that institution at .E 250 gross £212 rateable. He said there were in the Infirmary 71 beds and 12 cots, making a total accommodation for patients of 83. In addition, there was the top ward in the new pavilion, with room for 22 beds, but this was empty. The number of beds occupied to-day was 63, leaving 20 beds empty, owing to lack of funds. During the year ended 1908, 753 in-patients and 8774 home and out-patients and accidents were treated at a cost of £4,604. The income received during the year amounted to £3,403 leaving a deficit on that year's working of £l,2ol,which together with the debit balance of £671 at the end of December, 1907, made a total debit on maintenance account. on January Ist, 1903, of £1,872. This year they had opened another small Ward, at an estimated increased annual expenditure of £5OO. Front January Ist to date slightly over £3OO had been received in new and increased annual subscriptions. The Board had placed a contract for an electric lift at a cost of £l5l. With these additions it was estimated that the debit balance at the close of this year would amount to £3272. As the Committee were kind enough to make a reduction in the assessment when the deficit stood at £671, his Beard felt sure that with a present deficit of nearly three times that amount, and a likely deficit at the close of the year of nearly five times as large,they might without seeming too importunate respectfully request the Committee to make a corresponding decrease in the amount of the assessment. He would suggest for their consideration the fact that by the expenditure of this large sum of money every year the Infirmary authorities saved the rates of the Union to a very material extent for it was clear that many of the injured and sick poor would, but for being returned to the ranks of effective citizenship and workers by the help the Infirmary extended, either gravitate to the Workhouse or

===== 0002601_19090612_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL WEDDINGS.

Pidduck—Pickavance.

There was a quiet wedding at Wycliffe Con- gregational Church on Thursday, when Mr. JohnH Greening Pidduck, son of Mrs. Pidduck, Grappenhall- road, Stocktcrn Heath, was married to Miss Geitrude Pickavance, "St. Helens," Lower Walton, daughter of the late Mr. and Mrs. E. Pickavance, of Warrington. The Rev. John Yonge officiated. The bride was given away by her brother (Mr. E. Pickavance) and Miss Travis, of Southport, was the bridesmaid. Mr. B. Baskerville, of Manchester,. acted as best man. The honeymoon is being spent in Scotland. A large number of valuable presents were •received.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
Iluxtable—White.

An interesting wedding took , place on Thursday morning at St. Paul's Church when Miss Louie White, daughter of Mrs. Fanny White, 227, Wilderspool Causeway, was united in matrimony to Mr. Joseph Percy Huxtable, of Arpley-street, and son of the late Captain William Huxtable, Ist Batt. N., Devon Artillery. ,The Rev. W. Bracecamp was the officiating clergyman. The bride was given away by Mr. Robert Walker, of Stretton, and was attired in a dress of lavender silk taffeta. She also carried a bouquet of orchids. Miss Edith White was the bridesmaid and wore a pa'e pink silk dress. Mr. B. Daintith performed the duties of best man, and the reception was held at the bride's residence. Later in the day the happy couple left for Ilfracombe where the honey - won is being spent. The bride's travelling dress was of moss green cloth, with hat to match.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
Smith—Bedard.

The marriage was solemnized at St. Paul's Church on Thursday, of Mr. John Smith, son Of Mr. John Smith, of Gowerton, South Wales, and Miss Frances May Beddard, daughter of Mr. Thomas Beddard, of Old Warps View, Latchford. The , Rev. W. Bracecamp officiated. The wedding was a very quiet one, only members of the family being present. The bride, who was given away by her father, was attired in a dove coloured poplin dress, trimmed with old lace, and large mole (feather) picture hat. She wore a large spray of pink carnations. Mr. Jack Beddard (brother of the bride) discharged the duties of best man. The reception was held at Old Warps View, Latchford, and at noon the happy couple departed for Llanfairfechan, North Wales, where the honeymocin is being spent. The bride's travelling dress was a navy blue coat and skirt. A large nuni- ber of useful and handsome presents were received.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
Ashworth—Ward

A, very pretty wedding took place on Thursday morning in the Legh-street Primitive Methodist Church when Miss Lucy Ward, daughter of Mr. Walter George Ward, 57 Bewsey-street, was married to Mr. Alfred Healey Ashworth, 23 Lilford-street, son of Mr. William Ashworth, Ripley-street. A large congregation assembled. The Rev. J. B. Buglass officiated. Mr. B. .Clatworthy presided at the organ and played Mendelssohn's " Wedding March." The bride, who was given away by her father, was attired in a biscuit coloured silk poplin dress and wore a wreath of orange blossom and a veil. She also carried-a bouquet of roses, iris and lilies of the valley. Miss Martha Ward, Miss Eliza Ashworth and Miss Lavinia Hewitt aCted as bridesmaids and swore very handsome dresses. Mr. Willis performed the duties of best man. The reception was held inthe schoolroom adjoining the church, and fifty guests sat down to breakfast. Later in the.day the happy couple left for Greeba, 1.0. M. where the, honeymoon is being spent. The bride's travelling dress was of a mole-coloured beaver cloth, with hat to match, trimmed with roses.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
Edwards—Hartley.

All Saints' Church, Glazebury, was the scene of a very pretty wedding mi Thursday, when Dr. Norman Fox Edwards, son of the late Dr. Edwards, of Man- chester, was married to Miss Edith Isabella Hartley, only daughter of Mr.,lJoseph Hartley, J.P. of Brook House, Glazebury. The church had been beautifully decorated, and the service was fully choral, the Rev. George Feather, Vicar of Glazebury, officiating. Mr. A. W. Holden was at the organ. The bride, who was given away by her father, was charmingly attired in a dress ot white satin, with yoke and sleeves of Brussels net, the skirt and corsage being draped with. Duchesse and Honiton lace and touches of silver tissue • Court train from: the shoulders, of satin, bordered with Honiton lace and finished with bows of net and true lovers' knots of satin. She had a veil of Brussels net, worn over a coronet of myrtle and white heather, and carried a shower bouquet of lilies and white roses. The bridesmaids were Miss M. Feather, Miss G. Feather, Miss Hepherd, (Winchester, cousin of the bride), Miss Fox (cousin of the bridegroom), Misses Marjorie and Freda Hepherd (Warrington, cousins of the bride.) Their dresses were of white silk rad;um with yokes of net and silk embroidered lace, and they wore large white straw hats lined with black, trimmed with wreaths of shaded roses, and their ornaments were gold and turquoise pendants, the gifts of the bridegroom. The bride's rage, Master Peter Eckersley, was attired in a white satin suit, with brocade waist- coat and ruffles of Carrickmacross lace, and white hat with feathers, and he also wore a gold pin, the gift of the bride. Mr. Adam Fox discharged the duties of best man. After the ceremony, a reception was held at Brook House by Mrs. Hartley, a large number of lguests attending. Later the happy couple left for their honeymoon tour in Scotland, the bride's travelling dress being of white cloth trimmed with Soutache embroidery, and hat of white Irish crochet with wreath of white roses and bow of blue ribbon. The presents, which were very handsome and num- bered about 160, included the following :--Mother of bride, household linen and lace; father of bride, cheque; Mrs. Booth Edwards, cheque; Dr. Arnold Edwards, cheque; Mr. B. H. Hartley, piano • work- people .of Messrs. Gill and Hartley, canteen of cutlery; Master and members .of the Hulton Beazles, large silver bowl, engraved with autographs of the members; Sunday school class, cake knife. Alrey—Kennard-Davis. •

A fashionable wedding of considerable local interest took place at St. James' Church, Picadilly, London,W., on Wednesday, when Mr. Tom Airey, son of Mr. George-Airey, of Sandfield Hall, Newton-le-Willows, was married to Miss Moria Elena Kennard-Davis, daughter of Mr. Ernest E. Kennard-Davis, of 38, Hyde Park Gate, London, S.W. A large congregation assembled to witness the ceremony. The officiating clergy were the Rev. J. B. Hunt, 8.D., and the Rev. Canon McCormick, D.D. The service was fully choral and included the hymns "The voice that breathed o'er Eden," "0 perfect Love "and " Now thank we all our God" and the anthem solo "Be thou faithful unto death." Mr. Stanley Marchant presided at the organ and played appropriate selections, including Mendelssohn's " Wedding March." The bride, who was given away by her father, was attired in a beautiful wedding dress of ivory satin charmeuse very, simply made, with long train forming part of the bodice which was outlined with pearls and silk embroidery. The under bodice and sleeves were embroidered in ninon. A tulle veil was worn over a coronet of orange blossoms, myrtle and white heather, the gift of the bridegroom. The only ornament was a string of pearls, the gift of the bridegroom's mother. The bridesmaids were the Misses Ines and Santa Kennard- Davis (sisters of the bride), Miss Lettie Airey (sister of the bridegroom), Miss Marie Kiely and Miss Hilda Law. Their handsome gowns were in soft parma violet ninon-de-soie over pastel blue satin, with hand embroidery in peculiar Eastern design uniting the two colours of the dress with slight introduction of plantinum. They wore large hats of plentimun shaded straw with roses in the colours of the dress round the crown and carried bouquets of pale pink roses tied with plantinum coloured streamers. Their ornaments were gold and plantinum curb bracelets which, with the bouquets, were the gifts of the bride- groom. Mr. R. Hopwood Airey, (brother of the bridegroom) discharged the duties of best man, while Messrs. E. W. Kennard Davis, C. A. Dottridge, H. A. Furniss and W. Shaw acted as groomsmen. After the ceremony, a reception was held at 38, Hyde Park Gate, the residence of the bride's parents. Later in the day the happy couple left for the Lakes of Killarney where the honeymoon is being spent. The bride's travelling dress was of soft silk voile over satin of a dare de June hue embroidered by hand in qUaint Egyptian design intermixed with platinum. En suite was worn a cloak made entirely of satin and lace in alternate rows with a belt of aluminium and a large Tuscan and black straw hat with rose at side. The wedding gown, bridesmaids' costumes and travelling dress were designed by Harrod's, London, The bride and bridegroom were the recipients of many handsome presents.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
MARKET PRICES.

WARRINGTON, WEDNESDAY, FRESH EGGS, 10 and 11. LAMB, 8d to 111. FRESH BUTTER, is id and VEAL, 5d to 91d. 1$ I°2' Is 2d. SALMON, IS 6d LO CHES. RABBIIS, 10d to Is. COD, 4d to 6d. CHEESE, 78 and 88. HALIBUT, 101. POTATOES, 4s to ss. WHITING, 6d. FOWLS (couple), 4s 6d to ss. LOBSTERS, Is 48. DUCKS (couple), 6s LO 7s. SOLES, Is 68. BEEF, 5Ld to 108. lb. LEMON SOLES, IULL MUTTON, 6d to 91d lb. EELS, 10d. Pontc,,7d to 98. HAKE 6d , . WHEAT.-58 68 to 5s 108 per 701bs. OATS.-35 to 3s 24 per 451bs. WHEAT STRAW.-328 6d per ton. OAT STRAW.-315 per ton. LCI3' HAY.—Clover, £3 12s 6d to £3 lis 6d. per meadow bay, £2 lis 6d per ton.

• HAY AND STRAW. de LONDON (WHITECHAPEL), THunsDAY• 4.01%5; steady. Best clover, 75s to 80s • inferior, 669,„"feri:,4 specially picked hay, 775; good, '6Bs to 755 ; •'" 50s to 635: mixture and sainfoin, 675 to 78s; SL". to 30s per had.

===== 0002601_19090612_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
CATTLE.

DUBLIN, TIIIIRSDAY.—On sale: Beasts, sheep, 11,042 ; calves 19. Cattle slow and dear„; 0,1 c; and stall fed 1- fief, '44s to 67s per cwt. Sbeer6cl ro excegt nice shipping koggets ; mutton, 40 t°6765t lb. Lambs 2s cheaper and bad clearance ; be°, 26s each. Pigs in fair supply, with firm traae 52s to 56s per cwt. POTATOES AND GARDEN PRODV.C. -:' MANCHESTER, THURSDAY.—Potatoes : °to 30'0 warps Bs, sands Gs 6d to 7s ; Cheshira (new), 1.7,445„7art0' Lincoln warps Bs, sands Os 6d to is ;Bedford Eduii. orr-fi per load(18 stones-2521b5) ; Jersey,7s 6d to 8,,,s 7s6d to 8s St Malo,7s Gd to 8s per cwt. Onions. V SP-460. s's, 15s, 4's,l3s ; Lisbon, 12s per case ; Egyptian,'" lOs 6d per cwt.

CHEESE. , P MARKET DRAYTON, THURSDAY.—There, .r 015 Jorge pitch of fully 40 tons of produce at this Joi; a big attendance of buyers. A sharp cleartoj Po) effected, the tone of the market being firw'ss— ranged from 58s to 61s, mediums froal 58s, and lower grades down to 503 per owl. DEAD MEAT; att,e LONDON (CENTRAL) THURSDAY.—Beef Scotch long sides, 4s 4d to 4s 6il: ditto she'tJai'io 4s 8d to ss; English sides, 33 10d to 4s ld States sides (Liverpool and Deptford killedto ), 05 col", 4s; American hindquarters' 4s to 45 4d; te:rg, quarters, 2s 6d to 2s Bd. Mutton slow; Soe"vr-et ,h`to 5s to 5s 4d; wethers, 5s to 5s 4d; English is 4s to 4s 8d; ewes, 2s Ed to 3s; New Zealand, .t.,alisor 2s 2d; River Plate, is 5d to is 81. Lamb : Ptsolitlst, 5s 44 to 6s; New Zealand, 2s 8d to 3s 4d; 1/o 22 4d to 2s 6d. Veal slow; English and Diltefoglih 4s 4d to 4s 8d; middling, 3s 8d to 4s. Porlc (town killed), 4s 2d to 4s 4,1; ditto (countrY 4s to 4s 4d; Dutch, 4s to 4s 4d. , BUTTER. h ft Ite CORK, THURSDAY.—Moderate supply Nri_t" 90, demand and advanced prices. Firsts 85s, feefooo thirds 80s, fourths 70s. Mild cured: fine 85s, choicest boxes 87s. -Fresh butter 945• FISH, GAME AND POULTRA • ,sorl MANCHESTER, THußsDAv.—Quotations : 10,6!1); Australian rabbits, Is ; ditto large furred: 1,5 41 couple. Irish chickens, is 21 to 2s ; ditto fools,‘'g 1111, ditto ducklings, is 6d to 2s 64 cacti. Yontici per 4; turkeys, 104 • American chickens (frozen), 1,;•tt,0,,,",11 Lobster, 94 ;'Aberdeen finnons, 5d ; GrimbsY tiuld ; P.O medium soles, 104 to Is ; large ditto, lu, eel,g'oo+ halibut, 5d to 6d ; large ditto, 4d; fresh Not°. oslwscl to 64; turbot 94 ; brill, 8d ; Irish and Sootch. 130 Is 24 to is 3d, sprag, is 4d ; best White sea P 1315 to is 9d; best English Dogger plaice, 63 ;sr Var 3s; skate wings, 2s; whise hake, is whitings, 3s; conger eels, Is 93 ; fresh had"' colefish, 10d ; lemon soles, 5s to 6s per stone•os 2s 6d per dozen. Best herrings, 5s per 10s. golce CORN. ,jri MANCHESTER, THEMSDA y.—Flour steatiP j50,,010 corn in buyers' favour. English oats ratb,,errita foreign unchanged. Foreign barley easier. P., ,11 6d per load lower. Flour stealyand held for fifiT Quotations. Wheat: Fine Russian (Asice4 9s Gd to 9s ; No. 2 Northern Manitobi, '4O 4101 9s 7d ; No. 3 Northern Manitoba, 9s 44 to 94,3 OP 'loll' 1 Durum, 93 to 9s OLd ; Northern River AO 0,0 9s 5d ; Southern ditto, 9s 24c1 to 9s 31• hire 9s 51d to Os 6d per 100 lb. Oats: Cheri: 2s 41d to 3s 51d; ditto medium, 3s 24 to 33 0- yory (to arrive), 2s 84d to 2s 9d per 451 b. BarleY , 3s 5d to 3s 6d per 60Ib. otle:qt: LIVERPOOL, TIIIIRSDAY.—Wheat : Fent- Si)" quiet but steady, unchanged to id lower. 9, qi Futures are firm. Trading: Graded 3ttlYtso 74c le 9s lid, and sellers; September, 8s Id to 01./011' value ; December, 8s 4Zd to 8s sFid, and vali„lats Futures are firm but inactive. Trading.ft-„er 5s 644, and value; September value, 53 611 r

MARRIAGES. 100 PIDDITCK—PICRAVANCE!—June 10th, at "„•70-00, gational Church, by the Rev. John I Greening Pidduck to Gertrude Pickavaoce: st. stste(' HUDSON—BOND. (By cable).—Oa the 6th ~113 job,tio Anglican Church, Verdun, Montreal, of 40+01 F. L. Whitley, John Philip, eldest 5°,-rier,j, Thomas Hudson, of Stockton Heath, Elsie Rendell, eldest daughter of fier''' ood Warrington. I‘i°

P',if4 Warrington.—Printed and published by So „t tfe & Co., (Warrington) Ltd., at tteet'A P; General Printing Works, BeweerS- eitys,Y; published by them at the same PlOl " at The Examiner Offices, Victorla-...r084ef 32, George-street, ST. HELMS: 3, lila' el' EARLISTOWN ; Church-street RotiCONS v-

-, li-------11 l'iti:Aci

'Aro: AV-

‘Si Ct. 0

"tout '&l' 1

introd , b,:c 4'°4llrO _____,

A

===== 0002601_19090612_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
WHEATLEY KIRK pRICE & CO, M anchester, London & Newcastle-on-Tyne, Undertake periodical VALUATIONS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION OF WORKS, PLANT, MACHINERY & STOCK AT SPECIAL RATES. 16, Albert Square, Manchester.

WYCEIFFE Cu NGREGATION AI. CHURCH BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW, (SUNDAY), JUNE 13TH, 1909. PREACHER: REV. J. YONGE. Morning 10-30. Evening 6-30. P.S.A FOR MEN AT 3 r.m.

13APTIST CHURCH, LATCHFORD, TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), JUNE 13Yrt 1909. PREACHER : REV. J. W. LEE (Jarrow-on-Tyne.) Morning 10.30. Evening 6. OFFERTORIES. ALL SEATS FREE. tA.PTIST CHURCH, GOLBORNE STREET; TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), JUNE 13TH, 1009 PREACHER : Rev. R. E. LETHEREN. i;urning 10.45. “The Confession of an Inquiring Spirit" .:4vening 6.30. "Seen in the Garden."

EWSEY ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH WARRINGTON. ' TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), JUNE isnr. Morning 10.30. Rev. THOMAS GLADDING. Eveeing 6.30. Rev. E. BLANSHARD KEELING. All welcome. Hymn Books provided.

tOLD STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), JUNE 13rFi. Morning 10.30. MR. R. H. SUTTON. Evening 6.30. REV. THOMAS MILLER. Subject: "The joys of freedom:' All welcome. Ilymm Boas provided. VSTARRINGTON MUSEUM. NOTICE.--The LIBRARY and READING ROOMS will be te_LuSED far pninting, etc., from Monday, June 140, u Saturday, June 26th inclusive. • By order, CHARLES MADELEY, Director.

RIDGE FOOT, NEAR ARPLEY CANNONS, COUNCILLOR J. MIDDLETON, J.P. (Lincashire and Cheshire Liberal Federation.) AIONDAY NEXT, JUNE LITH, AT 7.30 P.M.

JAKE GRAHAM. FOR GRAMOPHONES AND PHONOGRAPHS. Tel. 56x Rc

STREET COLLECTION IN AID OF rrry NATIONAL CHILDREN'S HOME AND ORPHANAGE. ON SATURDAY NEXT, JUNE 12m. _ - PLEASE GIVE SOMETHING.

IfILL CLIFFE BAPTIST CHURCH. ANNIVERSARY SERVICES SUNDAY, JUNE 20TH, 1939. PREACHER: REV. J. B. TURNER (OF CLOUGH FOLD). AFTERNOON AT 2.30. EVENING AT 6.30. IN THE MORNING AT 10.45, A UHILDREN'S SERVICE WILL BE HELD, AND AN ADDRESS WILL BE DELIVERED BY THE REV. J. B. TURNER. Collections in aid of Church Funds. Your presence and support are cordially invited. BE PROVIDED FOR VISITORS. oyAL COURT THEATRE, WARRINGTON. PROPRIETOR: MR. JOSEPH BEECHAM. GENERAL MANAGER: Mn. A. AL LOADER. ASSISTANT MANAGER: Mn. S. SMILEY. DAY, JUNE 14TH, 1909, & DURING THE WEEK. BATTERSBY AND FORBES CO., in the soul-absorbing play, the "EMPTY CRADLE," BY E. ST. CLAIR-FORBES. 11:‘,t_iss Ida Battersby as Ida Boswell" The Gipsy." at the ° r ()Pen 6.45. Commence 7.30. Seats booked Theatre from 10 to 3. Tel. No. 460.

-W RITE CITY, -MANCHESTER. ALL Rp, 1 P.M. TO 11 P.M DAILY. :-251) FIELD ARTILLERY AND WHITE CITY SACRED CONCERT SUNDAY AFTERNOON AT 3. CONFORMIST UNION SOLO AND CHOIR itirr,-tIPETITION, 400 CONTESTANTS, DR. W. G. i-,',4-IAUGHT, Adjudicator. The World Thriller, i'I,I9,IITING THE FLAMES." BEST SKATING IC IN ENGLAND. All the Favourite Devices and owe in Operation. toAnuiSSION 6d. Beginning Monday, June 7th, Coupons e -the value of 3d. given till 5 p.m. only, and accepted till only j,is laces in the Park. Season 108. 6d wARRINGTON AND DISTRICT AGRICUL- TURAL SOCIETY ITember of the Federation of Lancashire and Cheshire • Agricultural Societies. : SIR GILBERT GREENALL, BART 20TH ANNUAL SHOW to be held in WALTON PARK, near Warrington. °l*l THURSDAY, AUGUST 19TH, 1909. PRIZES, CUPS AND MEDALS, VALUE £7OO. RUNTERS, HARNESS HORSES, JUMPERS, SHIRES, CATTLE, etc., etc. 1, Last Day of Entries, TUESDAY, August 10th. rize List, Itc., may be obtained from the St.cretary. JAMES BAINBRIDGE. Walton House, near Warrington. WI A.R R I NGT ON WORKINGMEN'S PERMANENT BENEFIT BUILDING SOCIETY. Liorporated under The Building Societies' Act, 1874. ~k4IIOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Thirty-ninth sb,rtual GENERAL MEETING of Members of the t„ve Society will be held in Golborne-street School. deem, Warrington, on Monday evening, the 14th day of otine, 1909, at Half-past Eight o'clock, for the purpose cteelaring a Dividend, Electing Managers, Auditors, *;.'m Surveyors, and conducting the ordinary business of ‘ue Society. %Pre interest will be paid on Monday evening, the t one, in the Schoolroom from 7.30 to 8.30. By Order, PETER DALTON, Secretary. WARRINGTDOISNPE;LNAI't.IRMARY AND CONTRACTS. %The Board of Management invite TENDERS for bs following GOODS for six months ending the 31st tegmher, 1909 : 4,,,141Ge, DRESSINGS, Ac., Milk, Poultry and Fish, ceries, Provisions and liousehold and. Laundry t.ll,l'ies• The Board do not bind themselves to accept tio 4ewest or any tender. Forms of tender on applica- il to the Secretary. tlacleAnci,ere, addressed "The Chairman" to relch the o:signed by Thursday, June 24th, 1909. era for Swill invited. J. H. J. HAMPSON', Secretary. AV-ARRINGTON UNION.—The GUARDIANS tA.O .of the above Union require the services of ttelleving Officers. tiq Ile salary in each case will be £lOO per annum, ,t 10 annually to a maximum of £l3O, subject to A_k!ltetion under the Poor Law Officers Superannuation 1896 Ito • Iritb. persons appointed will be required to reside illLn their respective districts, and the appointments Gov„ made subject to the approval of the Local 'rritnent Board. etarr°rtes of application will be sent on receipt of Ped addressed envelope, and must be received by ow tot lat•er than 10 a.m. on Monday, the 21st. inst., 1111 d ea, e In. PijlltlYaSsieg the Guardians is strictly prohibited, and el isqualify a candidate. 118,..ected candidates will receive due notice to attend. WareY Chambers, ARTHUR BOTTOMLEY, 12th June, 1909. Clerk. "ÜBLIN ALSO ENGLISH LAKES S,B TEDCASTLE LINE. end RLACKROCK," "CUMBRIA," "EBLANA,' 1.1. e 4DELA " from SOUTH Side NELSON DOCK, u.terdool'rP i-s • Every Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday and • Nv• aY, to DUBLIN. Retyrn Saloon, 10s. ; Steerage, po.ith t Cheap Excursion Tlckets EVERY SAILING Vv ape, Saturdayso Bray, Wicklow Avoca, Btc., and on Fridays ._to Killarney, Cork, Bundoran, 'ritietePoint, &c-: horns' S S. " BLACKR OCK " every Tuesday and Friday DiAlverpool, and every Monday and Wednesday from zwe,• 'JAL ROUND SEA CRUISE, per "Cumbria." Saturday, to Whitehaven. giving 3 days for (6 "sh Laliback. 1 , es, thence to Dublin, an Liverpool izn or within 2 months): Saloon, 205.. or including 425, • rvly TED verh, , CASTLE, McCORMICK CO., LTD, "el- Telegrams, "Tedcastle." relephone 975.

PALACE AND HIPPODROME, WARRINGTON. Managing Director MR. FRANK ATACNA GITTEN. 7 0--TWICE NIGHTLY 9-0 MONDAY NEXT, JUNE 14TH, 1909. ACHMED IBRAHIM TROUPE OF REAL BEDOUIN ARABS. JOSEPHINE CROOKE with Illustrated Songs. TOM MOORE, Character Comedian. SHIRLEY AND RANSOME in their Humorous and Pathetic Coster Episode. BERT BOWDEN, Comedian. MOLLIE WATSON, Comedienne. RAYMOND'S 810-TABLEAUX. VIVIANA & CO. In the Novelty Dancing Scena "The Toy Shop." Gallery, 3d. Early Door, 4d. Pit, 6d. Early Door, 9d. Circle, Is. Early Door, is. 3d.

pHOTOGRAPHY At Home. FAMILY GROUPS, CHILDREN, WEDDING PARTIES, AT HOMES. EVERY CLASS OF OUTDOOR WORK PARKINSON, Photographer, Egypt Street Warrington.

TCOOK, 57, Bewsey Street, UPHOLSTERER • and CABINET MAKER. Dealer in New and Secondhand Furniture.

HAIRCOMBINGS I made up 2/- per oz COVERLET FE TAILS OF I FROM AIR FRAMES, I PURE 5/6 FROM 3[6 EACH. I HAIR. T. S. BROWN, 3, LEECE ST. (CAR STATION), LIVERPOOL.

WARRINGTON GARDEN SUBURBS, LIMITED. SPLENDID BUILDING SITES at GRAPPENHALL and GREAT SANKEY. Special advantages; moderate ground rents.—Apply to the Secretary. ARTHUR BEN-NETT, Chn.rtered Accountant, Market Oat e Chambers, Warrington.

Hear records by HARRY LAUDER on CYLINDER and DISC. Records of all the popular pantomime songs, "Rainbow," "Tiny Seed of Love," "Put me upon an island," etc. Hear the wonderful New Edison Record that plays over FOUR 111IMUTES. NOTE ADDRESS :- 76 & 76A. RENSHAW STREET, 6; 271, PARK ROAD, LIVERPOOL. lyal, and 431 x Royal.

ELECTRICAL ILLUMINATIONS FOR ROYAL VISIT. ESTIM4TE3 AND SUGGESTIONS GIVEN FOR AMC DESCRIPTION OF ELECTRICAL DECORATION. Orders should be given early to avoid disappointment. FOR EVERYTHING UP-To-DATE APPLY PETER SMITH, 18, MILL-STREET, WARRINGTON. SATISFACTION GUARANTEED.

INCOME TAX. ARE YOU OVER-ASSESSED? If so, forward Notice of Assessment and any other Tax Poipers to JOSEPH DIXON, F.A.A. INCOME TAX SPECIALIST, 18, MARSDEN STREET, WIGAN. Over 20 years' Official Practical Experience nf Taxes in the Offices of Assessors, Collectors, and Surveyors of Taxes.

ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS. SICKNESS, EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY, BURGLAR AND FIDELITY GUARANTEE RISKS INSURED AGAINST BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS ASSURANCE CO. CAPITAL (fully subscribed) £1,000,000 CLAIMS PAID £5,600,000 84, CORNHILL, LONDON. A. VIAN, Secretary, MANCHESTER OFFICE: 16 JOHN DALTON ST. Agents required in unrepresented districts. AGENTS: Warrington Mr. C. J HOLMES, Queen's Chambers, Sankey at. Warrington Mr. W. H. RIGBY, Nesscliffe, Victoria rd., Latchford. St. Helens Mr. J. B.LEACH, Hardshaw-street Haydock Mr.J. BILLINGE, The Willows Sand bacb Mr. F.J. FINLOW, Rookery Bridge

il..ur _IIAGBEL" RAZORS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHEFFIELD MAKE, WARRANTED, POST FREE, 2s. 6b., 35., 4s. 6D. AND ss. 6D. J. G. DODD, 10, ST. JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL. Made And Ground By English Labour. Local Agent: J. Hotswoani, Market Hall,Warrington.

COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. WATER DEPARTMENT. The WATER COMMITTEE is prepared to RECEIVE TENDERS FOR FUEL for their Pumping Stations. Tenders to be sent in not later than the 20th 3 une, 1909. Particulars may be had from the undersigned. Municipal Offices, JAMES DEAS, A.M.1.C.E., _ June 11th,1909. 'Water Engineer.

WARRINGTON INFIRMARY & DISPENSARY. The BOARD of MANAGEMENT invite APPLICATIONS from medical gentlemen practising in the Borough of Warrington, for the office of Non- resident Medical Officer, whose duties will be to visit the home patients of the Institution. Salary 100 per annum inclusive. Particulars may be had on applica- tion to the undersigned. Applications for the post may be sent on or before Monday, June 21st, 1909. J. H. J. HAMPSON, Secretary.

ILLAN LINE TO CANADA UNDER GOVERN3IENT CONTRACT FOR CONV&ANCE OF CANADIAN MAILS. EXPRESS WEEKLY SERVICE ' TURBINE STEAMERS; UNSURPASSED 'CUISINE. THROUGH RATES TO ALL PARTS OF CANADA AND U.S.A. FROM LIVERPOOL ... CORSICAN ... June 17 FROM GLASGOW ... lONIAN ... June 19 FROM LONDON(via Havre) CORINTHIAN... June 26 For handbooks, maps, and full details for settler, Tourists, and others, apply ALLAN LINE, 19, James St., Liverpool; Wall Mall. S. W., 103, Leadenhall St. E.C.,London ; 25, Bothwell St. Glasgow, or local agent

IVERPOOL AND NORT-H WALES.: DAILY SAILINGS (Sundays included). /At 10.45 a.m. LA MARGUERITE or ST. TUDNO for LLANDUDNO (4 hours ashore), BEAUMARIS, BANGOR, and MENAI BRIDGE, due back 7.30 p.m. Extra Sailings 2.15 p.m. Saturdays, for all places to MENAI BRIDGE. ISLE OF ANGLESEY TRIPS at 9.15 a.m. Wednesday 23rd, and Sunday 27th, calling at LLANDUDNO. For Fares, &c., apply Liverpool and North Wales Steamship Co., Ltd., T. G. Brew, Sec., 40, Chapel at., Liverpool, Tele. 5955 Central. Through Bookings Daily, from Principal Stations.

LANGLANDS' SAILING S TO GREENOCK AND GLASGOW. "PRINCESS LOUISE" OR OTHER STEAMER. From LIVERPOOL From GLASGOW (Clarence dock). (Berths N 0.22-28, north side) Sat. June 12th 5 p.m. Tues. June 15th 2 p.m. *8.30 p.m. Thurs. June 17th 9 p.m. Sat. June 19th 2 p.m. *5.25 p.m. Tues. June 22nd 1 p.m. Thurs. June 24th 2 p.m. *7.10 p.m. *Train from Glasgow (Central) to Greenock (Central). SPECIAL REDUCED THROUGH TICKETS from Warrington, Widnes &c. Single, Ist class and cabin us. 6g.; Single, 3rd class and steerage, 6s. Return (valid for two months) let class and cabin 18s.; 3rd class and cabin, 17s. SPECIAL 14 DAYS EXCURSION TICKETS: Cabin 145., Steerage Bs. 3d. M. LANGLANDS AND SONS, 14, CROSS STREET, MANCHESTER, BROWN'S BUILDINGS, EXCHANGE, LIVERPOOL.

ROBERT LEWIS, THE OLDE FOX, BUTTERMAKET STREET, WARRINGTON. ANTIQUE FURNITURE AND CURIOS BOUGHT, SOLD, OR EXCHANGED. BEST PRICE GIVEN.

RECEIPTS. £ s. d. Balance brought forward ... ... 7918 14 8 Borough Rate ... 15531 15 8 Grants from the Board of Education ... 24774 13 3 School Fees ... 2182 10 7 Sales of Books, Stc. ... 104 15 1 Parents' Contributions (Blind and Deaf Schools) ... 40 13 9 From other Local Authorities ... 79 2 11 Other Receipts ... ... 589 6 4 • • • £51221 12 3

RECEIPTS. 4 s. d. Balance brought forward ... ... 281 13 4 Borough Rate 2597 15 7 Exclaquer Contribution Account 908 19 4 Grants from Board of Education .......3126 ... 3126 15 0 Fees ... ... 560 410 Sale of Books, &c. ... 21 0 7 From other-Local Authorities ... 234 11 6 Other Receipts ... 57 19 9 £7788 19 11

SHAKESPEARE, THE POET, SAYS: What's in a Name? TONGE, THE PHOTOGRAPHER, SA t - What's in the Work? GIVE HUI A TRIAL AND I. • Judge for Yourself! H. E. TONGE, Artistic & Commercial PHOTOGRAPHER, Tram Terminus Latchford,

A SURE REMEDY FOR SMOKY CHIMNEYS. THE PEERLESS CHIMNEY POT. FROM ARTHUR MOUNFIELD, TEL. 69 BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, - DUTTON STREET, WARRINGTON. In Red or Salt-glazed Finish, l3s. 6d. Prices Quoted for Fixing. Illustrated Leaflet on Application.

SMITH & WALKER • ARE NOW SHOWING THE NEWEST PATTERNS AND STYLES FOR LADIES' COATS' AND .SKIRTS, FROM THREE GUINEAS. MARKET GATE, WARRINGTON.

. .: fltrilitay S :I- ecialities. We do not sell everything for ladies wear, but we do specialize Blouses and Hats. *-'+ --?.ra-i' •-t":"'i - These sections of our business are now complete with the newest designs of ._ __. --__ Summer Goods that are most useful for holiday wear. While being up-to-date \ in style, our aim has always been to supply . -;.. .•-',', ,‘, superior goods at as low a price as possible. \ i';\‘lW 1 An inspection of our stock will convince ~,, ~, , buyers that we sell stylish Blouses . ~........y.....,,:a and Hats to suit everybody. , .1, - ••• -- ilk/ 11/ . Blouses &fiats f.,, Choice Muslin Blouses, trimmed .- ...::.-._ .._ •--- ~.-.. 4, :4,...;-_-, _-, with embroidery, all sizes, perfect I fitting, from 2s. 6d. each. - .-----.4lPF`',,-.74))), \.: • , _0(1);`,..-•-•-r. y r---„3,-, 1) I ___. Smart Trimmed Straw Hats, pretty designs. The latest shapes from :-_-_-,, , t.:41-1 is. 11d. each. J. BANKS, ~..., :...-,--,,,ii:..,....---* , .... .. ,i• i Horsemarket St., Warrin \-/ gton. .. i ,

TISE EDUCATION ACT, 1902. COUNCIL OF THE COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON AS LOCAL EDUCATION AUTHORITY. ABSTRACT OF ACCOUNTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31sr MARCH, 1939.

EXPENDITURE. I. Public Elementary Schools:— £ s. d. £ s.d. Paving Streets... ... 64 12 2 Salsifies of Teachers ... 28910 1 5, Books tt apparatus ... 1476 14 10 Fixtures:and Furniture 585 19 4 Fuel, Light and Cleaning ... 2893 5 8 Repairs to Buildings 301 4 6 Rents, Rates, &c. ... 204 110 Use of Baths ... ... 50 0 0 • Making Gardens at Schools ... 75 9 4 Miscellaneous ... ...4 9 6 34565 18 7 11. Industrial Schools ... 388 8 8 111. Schools for Blind and Deaf Children ... ... 430 9 9 IV. Salaries of Officers other than Teachers ... 1773 14 10 VI. Other Expenses of Administration... 532 8 4 VII. In respect of Loans ~. ... 1594 18 2 VIII. Proportion of Fees repaid to Managers of Voluntary Schools... 545 12 2 IX. Cheshire County Council 133 4 0 Lancashire County Council ... ... 318 14 2 Provision of Meals ... 350 7 7 Medical Inspection ... 269 13 0 Bank Commission ... 21 10 '5 1093 9 2 --- Total Expenditure ... 40924 19 8 Balance 31st March, 1909 ... 10296 12 7 £51221 12 3

EXPENDITURE. I. Secondary Schools : £ s. -d. £ st d. Salaries of Teachers ... 1613 17 10 Other Expenses ... 777 19 6 2391 17 4 11. Evening Schools : Salaries of Teachers ... 2469. 15 0 Other Expenses ... 1035 15 4 3505 10 4 • 'III. Scholarships ... 145 0 0 VI. Salaries of Officers other than Teachers ... 275 5 5 VIII. Other Expenses of Administration 211 18 7 IX. In respect of Loans .............802 802 7 10 X. Other Expenses ... 4 6 1 --- Total Expenditure ... 7336 5 7 Balance, 31st March, 1909 ... 452 14 4 £7788 19 11

RECEIPTS. EXPENDITURE. £ s. d. s. d. Balance brought forward ... ... 2500 4 9 Elementary Education : Loans : Purchase of land and erection of schools 1612 1 11 Elementary Education ... 1500 0 0 Furnishing of School buildings ... 604 7 5 Paving Streets ... 1771 19 2 Balance, 31st March, 1909 ... 8 16 3 7-000-4- £4OOO 49 £

The Noted 'Excel' Blue Serge Suit. Why sink yourV personality into cheap ready-made clothing when you can have a suit to measure for 455. from the noted ' Excel ' Blue Serge. Warranted not to shrink nor be affected by the sun, it Makes a most serviceable suit. lam offering to every purchaser A FANCY VEST free. This is a genuine offer from a superior tailor. My reputation for supplying good clothing of perfect fit and finish I will sustain. Call to inspect this excellent material, or I will send patterns on application, R. WOOD, Tailor, 5, Market Place.

A SPECIAL LINE OF OURS ARE THE Highland Tweeds which we are showing this week. Have you seen them? They are real Scotch stuff—spun, dyed and woven in Scotland,—and there is some- thing in their appearance which turns one's mind • to holidays. Certainly nothing could be more suitable to wear when you go climbing, fishing, shooting or cycling. The colorings are refined, they are grand wearing cloths and, when made up, their appearance is most dressy,—from them we are doing a line of exceptional value. The Norfolk Coat, Semi-Riding 1_ j 125. 6d. Breeches and Cap BOYDELL BROS., Tailors, 43 BRIDGE STREET, Warrington.

Decorations for the King's Visit. MESSRS. J. & W. DUTTON beg to announce that they have obtained the sole agency for this district from a reliable firm with many years' experience, to supply decorations of all kinds, at any time, for Banquets, Parties, Ceremonies, Exhibitions, Bazaars, Concerts, Theatrical and other entertainments, and are making a Special Show of decorative designs for the forthcoming Visit of the King to Warrington. There are Union Jacks, Flags of all Nations, Bunting, Festoons, Streamers, Shields, Motto Devices, Floral Decorations, Electric and Gas Illuminations, Triumphant Arches, Marquees, Tents, &c., &c. We have a staff of expert decorators, and shall be pleased to submit schemes at any time. A special feature of this new section of our business will be the supplying of Scenery and Stage Fittings for Theatrical performances. THE GOODS ARE FOR SALE OR HIRE.. ESTIMATES FREE. J. & W. Dutton, Sankey St., Warrington.

THE SETTLER'S IDEAL ki- OM E: 7 P. - '7l. :CC' - ' t A Rjlio-7,... ....,, .. . ,-....... tf,,,, , ,i,-, ••,.., (4. : • .4 •41". ' t . t l'i• 2.1 . - !,7 • ~ - • —•-:$ 4 '.---..-',,,,i1 . • ~0.... , ~ .... Arrangements have been made with the Shaw, Savill _ ' -1,...,-(--`)."--1 % , • & Albion Co., The New Zealand Shipping Co. and the - Federal-Houlder-Shire Lines, for IR 1E: JD Co., 4.• , , ..., -.4 . 8 • -,• V... • • „ I • Flirt El EI for 2nd and 3rd Class Passages. At tho - -. . - • present time reduced rate passages are limited to ' --,•• et7:=AtiLfat - experienced Farmers, Farm Labourers, Shepherds and -"-- •=. - .5... .-_-_-_-L— -.. • good Milkers, who, if approved, must take not less than £25 with them. Domestic (Women) Servants will be ' -- .; -.-- J • 0 4' `-, f.,: , granted passages at the reduced rates subject to their . -1 .t. • '2; ;..„?...,- taking with them not less than £2. For application forms - ,---- - -•-,.... • and further information apply to the High Commissioner ;' • ~., •••••\* it, i...,-ri?',--..--a. ' , for New Zealand, 13, Victoria. Street, London; or the .I, ii ' 7.4.. i„ • ,;?....gr5.",,,.„-W,..,,,i-a Agents in the United kingdom of the above Shipping g "..,_ ..:7r-4:4,5,1114,-;.,;-‘ "7:•, for< Companies. - ~................=-. -Ai , . _ :=':::,:-‘4.1: ,:'. -- -i,....::.40.7N-• - . -- . - ;- • . --..-- • -

r

houses which the low wage-evning section occupied were closed, the people must go somewhere else, and as a consequence they found two families living in one home and the condition of things was more congested than before. The Health Committ-e were moving slowly, and they did not feel justified in rushiue, because they kuew what trouble would follow. With regard to the sub-committee appointed to report on the mit ary questiou,information was being obtained in order to enable them to carry out their task. There wore many causes of infantile mortality. Dr. Joseph had referred to one and he (Alderman Evans) hoped thit what he had suggested to the Council would soon be an accomplished fact. The minutes were then approved.

PRACTICAL POULTRY FARMING.

Ought I to. use Glasses p tln order to an,wer this question it is neessaly. o test the sight. This is done, and all inform ation given willingly. Our service is unusually good, so good indeed, as only experience can make it, and oar prices are as low as high-grade work can possibly be done for. JOHNSTON WATSON, Eyesight Specialist, 84, Bridge Street, Warrington. Hours of Business : 9-30 to 7-30. Saturday 9-30 to 9. • PLEASE NOTE. Johnston Watson attends on Monday and Tuesday, from 11 to 4-30, Wednesday, 11 to 5-30, Thursday, 11 to 1, Friday and Saturday, 11 to 5-30, or by appointmenz.

TE IMO'S VISIT.

Special consignment of POLES for decorating purposes now at Warrington Lay Bye Depot. R Pa NAYLOR LTD.

WE HAVE ALL OUR • • New Stutings & Trouser'rigs IN FOR THE COMING SEASON. SEE THEM BEFORE PLACING YOUR ORDER. Cl= • . -4M X 3Z2N. 36 BUTTERMARILET STREET, - 9 Warrington.

N. HOUGHTON 9 For GARDENING TOOLS, &C). 33, BRIDGE STREET, Warrington. Telephone 385 x. Established over 100 years. IRO NMONGE RY, &c•

Style . Durability - These three essential features in regard to clothing Economy . will be secured by purchasing from the MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT, 8 and 10, Horsemarket Street, Warrington. the actual makers of all classes of BOYS' YOUTHS' and EIERI'S CLOTH'iNG, Ready to wear or to Measure. SEE WHIE-3WS for Mast novelties and styles

:. GO 'W .i-z.:,:, I.l'ii; .--, k.. ~., ~. -,--, 1., .4. ..i -,_ !.., ! - THE SPOT SHOP, TO ~ - ----. ~.,.. ...2y ' .. : :1 1 • ii, , .., kg , :--f 2 ~, , ... , ;,-. .....,.. , • p (FISH ffiIiRKET) FOR is-srEny ?lila lik-T O.

ESTABLISHED 1838. RICHARD JEFFREYS, 88, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. FRAME MAKER AND PRINT SELLER. A Large assortment of Framed Pictures, suitable for Weddiq and Birthday Presents, School Prizes, &c. Terms moderate, REPRODUCTIONS BY noLLyER Or, PICTURES BY WATTS, ROSSETTI, and BURNE-JONES, AUTOTYPE REPRODUCTIONS OF PICTURE IN THE NATIONAL, TATE AND OTHER GALLERIES. A CHOICE COLLECTION OF OLD ENGRAVINGS.

1 ---stuilni- Or-TO-DATE FLIFIRISSHING GOMM, LATEST SPRING PRODUCTIONS.—LOWEST PRICES. -.4-, ii urn shun , . -,, CA.DaI : Stoves, OP C!rl ~ _,.. : -4-_ All I,the study econs,rny and desire to BOLD sTr. EASY FUR NISH THEIR HOMES in an Liveviroci: Hire ARTISTIC MANNER will do well TOPETIIS. 0 to ViSit this pspa2ar establishment.

NXTIONALTELEPHONE R 2924 WI ~ql,lO/4,4, griergrAt _ p4.-,-p.".•frph.._ 4e). (14 1., eD(Ar *7524474r- n,... 4%... , - ~.• pc-P.' . .7._ :‘,-7,,r-$ ,j) . • . , OLD RE NOWN E D I k ,_„:4-,.n..: i_y ~•:,,. r2k 1,..4 A . u . t - Fortz,,3 -1)' , .•:--. 4.- i . BOWLING GREENS. ...... ...„.... , :........ . ....th.V. loyt 42.SACKVILU STREET MANCii ESTER.

Tel. No. 123. ESTABLISHED GO YEARS (in Warrington). Tel. No. 123. F4srSh4.;W & Son, Ltd., ENGINEERS, BOILERMAKERS, IRON & BRASS FOUNDERS, Mersey Boiler Works, Mersey Street, Warrington - Makers of IRON CASTINGS from the smallest size up to 20 tons weight. Cleag Well-moulded and of the Highest Quality. To buy the best finished castings is to frequently save 50 per cent. in labour. BRASS CASTINGS (any weight) Gunmetal, Copper, Aluminium, Phosphor Bronze, Damaxine, Acid Proof Metal and all other Alloys. CONSTRUCTIONAL IRON AND STEEL WORK, Corrugated Iron Roofs and Buildings. Farmers' Hay Sheds, Barns, Store Sheds, &c., Iron and Steel Tanks, Cisterns, Stoent Jacketted Pans, Boilers, &c. Repairs by Experienced and Skilled Workmen to all kinds. of Machinery and to Steam Boilers, Gas Engines, Traction Engines, Motor Cars, Dynamos, Steam Engines, Oil Engines, Road Rollers, Motor Waggons, Electric Motors, ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING. Speciality Work. Drawings and expert advice submitted free. Heavy Machining and Forging done for the trade. Turning up to 15 feet diameter. Planing up to 5 feet square. slotting up to 18-inch stroke. Milling, Punching, Shearing and Bending, Pressing, Dishing, Fangling and Rivetting bY hydraulic pressure. Unlimited Tackle and Special Appliances for efficiently dealing,. with Repairs and Breakdown work, accumulated during an establihsmeill of 60 years.

<- % 0,1",„ ~.%., ;...-- ... : fa.; -: • ,-;-)V..:': ~' ,"%,'O% -,, -,----- .4- i... ,- -- • . • A - • - ..:' AA 1, --...., . _-,._ ..- -_ -. . - , „,... -... k, Ago k - , -N . :;°-• -- i ‘l. f‘' ;Ift.'44t4Tiw- 7------- --,. " . - ./ • 1 4 ts. '..-f., 0,1, , /:-.11, ''',.: :+4.014 :,-,.--7-4-1,,,J. ...r,. :I:7-N ' ' - ii: • ...e (~,„.44,.. - F 'N.2 / • e--.. . . . ---:"--7-Z41-'M : ' :::. --- • . Canvas . :-...- .4k..:,:,.. . Rick :. ..,... ~.„ ...,-.„ -fr 4., ~,,,:-..,-,' Cove PS. - ...• ~, Made from the BEST STOUT JUTE CANVAS. HAND SEWN. .1: Fitted with Eyelets and Cords. Kept in Stock in the following sizes; ' 12 ft. by 9 ft., at 6/- each. 15 ft. by 12 ft. at zo/- each. , --. „sii... 18 ,9 15 /1 15/' 9, 24 „ 18 , , 24/- If ' S,- :•,... Any size at proportionate Prices. Write for Sample Cover. ' ..: Telegraphic Address: EDDY, TORLEYEN WORKS, PORTHLEYEN. . :.. -':.- B. EDDY 6 SONS, Torieven Works, Poriklevell, CORNWALL. --:-, - - ,-. -:,:::::,,,,:wIlq.,::-1,-,...::?,=,:s:s.t.igx,as-...,sciet.---.5!•-:::ersT,2,-e.i.i1-:,.c.-r„-fr.:::;-,0,..;.----.1-::-. 9 '•-;:•:: •

Direct from ifie Tea Garden to the Teapot. LIPT4 NS TEA. LaRGEST SALE IN THE WORLD. 1401 Branch :—WARRINGTON, BRIDGE ST

.40:, t-Nmsgoio-- 9 , rt• 1 1, Ylas CUES when all other Remedies fai qt, IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC! -1"1144 All PAIN AND THROBBIND MD 900 N CORES The Worst Corns and Bunions. Boxes 1/11-. of all Chemists. 14 • Beetham & Sons Chemist Cheltenham.

GOOSEBERRIES . . - are now in Season. Nor' It: ,v. sw.; kliif 4 The most delicious li. I' '%:tYt....44,,,- Gooseberry Tarts, Gooseberry Puddings, :'-•‘"&e, and Gooseberry Pies i are made by using V flO ,f 1 r. r`l v ' - ••• VA ILI it: flr'sr •ll,t' -1 t 7. ti I ...,-,-;,=..,-.. TINS— , 2 ' `til...c.:A:Z L...z,:,.. , I' - • ::•.,'"•-•Ic._,:: • - - 3d, 6d. Is. AI e --t . - -...-.,_---- . .4, . -..4 t.--"0-,.„-- .- . Av..'-- -, FLEAS -,..'''.4r, 'l-..",4-, • - :'''''-'& ''', -- 4--. BUGS -1101 - :,:::, • ;,';:i . ...„-- BEETLES, "-',,, ,--...,•_,..0- -•- ~..7.:i4.,=:.....,•_,,,,-,- . MOTH . -:„.:,,,,,r;„.•-_,.-as,- . • (in Blankets, .:•-•::-:-.-,7,--(r., Furs, etc.) ~..r.:, • •:::: .....,*::::--- ::,t---•-: 14 i ' .q

'IN „,„.............„ , ..,, , :7.- 11 . J../.. , . i i' i1n...r,.. .... , 1 1.....1 I --3' i P ... i I) , - 4, , s , .., ~,, ___....„,..,...

BENSQN. Ltd. THIS NAME on a Watch is the' tIALL-MARK of RELIABILITY It means that the materials and work- inanship used in its construction are the Best Obtainable regardless of cost that the Watches carrying it are made by J. W. BENSON, Ltd. It appears only on BENSON'S WATCHES „RENOWNED as the MOST ELIABLE IN THE WORLD. -'llleY are made in Gold and Silver, au patterns of Cases, for Ladies or Gentlemen. From £5 to £l,OOO. LOWEST CASH PRICES .Or "an MRS .System of UONTHLY' PAYMENTS. -1111eKeY-wind "LUDGATE" in Silver Cases, £5:5; in 18-ct. Gold Cases, £12;12. "te,biew Keyless English Lever for Ladies, 18-ct. Gold Cases, £lO. ReYless "DANK" in Silver Cases, £5; 18-ct. Gold Cases, £l5. Keyless "LUDGATE" in Silver cases, TheEB: 8 ; in 18-ct. Gold Cases, E2O. ~World-Renowned "FIELD" in 18-ct. wild Cases, £25. Many owners write us, are of B"I'NCONIP A LE EXCELLENCE." (4., OUR BOOKS fully Illustrated ,‘Jue largest and most complete issued), N•o. are sent post free. 1, of Watches, Chains and Jewels. "' of Clocks, "Empire" Plate, Sterling Silver Jor Household use, anti pretty yet inex,pensive Preeeld3. Fitted Travelling Cans, &e. BENSON, Ltd. 1:!le Premier Watch & Clock Makers, -Icskers to the India and War Offices, tiao AdiatifiLlty, sx. 62 (.3:, 64 , Ejj D G AT LONDON, E.C.

1

, ',l:''':•- r.,,,::!* -.,: i.--..„........,A. ',.. F.,....7 L. ..-:::::::„.. . •:::-...'"-- ' -,,, • 'tk - p - k#:&diillit 1' ''

CRICKET, BOWLING, AND ATHLETICS.

DAN I'SZ VIRUS is not a Poison, but kills RATS AND MILL Harmless to other Animals mid Human Beings. Single Tube, 29., Three Tubes, 55., - Post Free from DANYSZ VIRUS Ltd., (finx 292 Y. 52. Ijeadenhail St.. LONDON. R.C. And of all Chemists.

Partnerships, Businesses.

ASH OF INCANDESCENT MANTLES (broken mantles) bought from sd. per oz. to 9s. per lb., according to Quality and Quantity, by ALBERT DCRST & FRANKL, 57 & 58 Chancery lane, London, W.C.

BLOUSE.—Length of beautiful soft white net, 401 n. wide, 3} yds. long, 25., car. paid, sample id. stamp. —BAILLoN, Seymour rd., West Bridgford, Nottingham.

D 0 YOU WANT TO SELL your Business ?—lf so consult Mr. COWDELL, Business Agent, Legh st. Warrington.

BOOKS YOU NEED.—British Herbal Is. 6d., Clater's Farrier Is. 6d., Cattle Doctor Is. 6d., Home Doctor Is., 2,000 Trade Secrets 2s. 9d., Conjuring Tricks 4d., post free, complete catalogue on application.—EMPlßE BOOK Co., Milner st., Halifax, Yorks.

C. „ - ASTILLE SOAP, best for delicate skin, 6 large original tablets 2s. post free.—W. COLES, 26, The Avenue, Flighams Park, Chingford.

C- OSTUNIE LENGTHS, Is. 7d. per yard, 50-in. Habit Cloth. Astounding value. Send for Patterns. In black and all colours. 6 yards for 9s. 6(1. Car. pAid.— ROBINSON'S Dress Warehouse, 40 Rutland at., Leicester,

TNDOOR EMPLOYMENT' offered either sex, good pay.—Particulars, stamped envelope.—EDWAßDS, 44, Old Town, Clapham, London.

DRAIN PIPES (Agricultural), moulded and Common Bricks, Terra Cotta, and Patent Partitions. Pamphlet on drainage post free.—JABEZ THOMPSON, Terra Cotta Works, Northwich.

INDOOR EMPLOYMENT offered either sex, good pay.—Particulars, stamped envelope.—EDWAßDS, 44, Old Town, Clapham, London. PEWTER.—Wanted, good pieces. Send sketch or description, with mark rubbing or name under. - PORT, 1, West Mansion, Worthing.

DRESS Linen Bargains, Manufacturer's clearance of coloured dress crash, yard wide, pure linen,pretty colourings in greens, pinks, reds, and greys, made to sell at is. yard, clearance price sd. Fine natural brown dress linens, 23 to 33 inches wide, worth Bd.to Is. 3d.yard for 6d., Bd.,and 10d. Patterns free, FOSTER'S, Nemry,lreland. EAU DE COLOGNE (genuine.)—Sample 4oz. bottle, 25., original case of 6, its post free.—COLOGNE CO., 23, Castle at., Erst, London, W. FREE Copy Words and Music of Move On,' or 'I think I made a mistake'; state which required; sent to every purchaser of 6d. box Denalbo Tooth Powder.'—Send Bd. (P. 0. covering postage, DENALBO TOOTH POWDER Co, 83, Bishopsgate Without, London GENT'S Keyless Watch and Curtin ss. 9d. The " Muckle's " Reliable Keyless Watch, splendid timekeeper; also Handsome Albert; satisfaction guaranteed, ss. 9d. the two, post free.—G. A. MUCKLF, High rd., Whetstone, Middlesex.

WANTED, several good SALESMEN in various V counties work markets or house to house,splendid profits.—CETA MBERLAIN & Co.,Littleton,ftoyst on, Herts. WANTED 4,000 Farmhands for New South Wales, Australia, assisted passages,employment guaran- teed.—BETH ELL, GWYN & Co., Baldwin at., Bristol.

WANTED.—Labourers for Country Chemical Works, 2s. Bd. per day, abstainers preferred.— Write, giving ago, references, &c., to CHEMICAL WoRKs, NantgarediLr, Wales.

TWO Reliable MEN WANTED at once for an old Established Assurance Company in Warrington. Books Oven and excellent terms to suitable men.— Address J. W. E. " Rxaminer " Office, Warrington.

HLT E. VOKES, private iliquiry,land and commission agent. Wellington,Auckland,Taihape,New Zealand. Wanted, stock and good agencies t 3 work New Zealand. —Apply 15, CAMBRIDGE GARDENS, Kilburn, London.

HANDSOME BJek flair Comb, real Tortoise shell, beautifully mounted with Solid Silver, Hall Marked, 25., postage paid, worth 4s.—CHESTER BROWNE & C0.,12, Cherryst., Birmingham.

.110IEN and Women required to form Boot- Clubs and sell our Boots and Shoes to their friends. No outlay. We supply everything free. Good commission. —Write THE LONDON IDEAL SUPPLY, 200 East India Dock rd., London, E.

ICE-CREAM made easily at home. Freezing machine and Vinilla powders, 7s. 6d., full directions.— HILLMAN GANE, Claybrook Works, Hammersmith, London.

CIANADA.—NOW IS THE TIME TO EMIGRATE to be ready for the Spring rush. Quick passages. Warm welcomes. Strong demand for farm bands, men for railway construction, and domestic servants. Information and advice gladly given by LEONARD BENNETT, 8, King at., Warrington.

LOVELY Picture Portraits, life size, Beautifully finished in delicate Sepia Colour, copied any photo, carriage paid 6s. 6d.—Money gladly returned if dissatisfied.—MoNcAß-SELLEN,Londonrd.,Leigh-on-Sea

MOTOR and Lubricating Oils, &c., at importers prices.—Write ROBINSON, Ethelburga House, London, E.C.

KNACKERS! KNACKERS ! ! KNACKERS !! ! Best possible prices given for dead or worn. out Horses or Cattle. Prompt removal on the shortest notice any distance up to 16 miIes.—JAMES TOOLE AND SONS LTD., Manure Manufacturers, Longford Works, Warring- ton. Telegrams, Toole Longford Works, Telephone 290.

XTOTTINGHAM LACES; 2s. 6d. and ss. parcels ;no _LI rubbish; carriage paid.—ALFRED & Co., 56, High Pavement, Nottingham. •

OXFORD Oak Sideboard, plate-glaAs panel. Cost £3O ; accept £l2. or exchange.-52, ST. STEPHEN'S ROAD, Leicester.

EARNEST YOUNG MEN WILL FIND A USEFUL AND PROFITABLE SPHERE IN THE SERVICE OF THE PIONEER LIFE ASSURANCE CO. Those resident in Lancashire, Yorkshire, Midlands, Newcastle, North and South \Vales preferred. PARTICULARS POST FREE. PIONEER LIFE OFFICE, 67, DALE ST. LIVERPOOL.

1100 ST OFFICE FOUNTAIN PEN, 2s. 6d., gold nib, twin-feecl,worth lOs. 6d.-81,GnAxGE no.,Rnmseste, POSTAGE STAMP.—Good collections or loose bought, send description.—HlNDLE, Cross Lodge, Gorleston, Norfolk.

VIDIANO.-51assive neva, overstrung upright grand piano for sale privately ; worth 55 guineas, take 22 guineas. C.lsh wanted.—Address F. B. " Examiner " Office, Warrington.

7-- - - Motor Cars and Cycles, etc. - CYCLES, Cycles, £3 16s. or Is. weekly, lists free.— MANAGNIt, 18, Crofton rd., Plaistow. E. WHAT'S this, .£8 Bs. Spitfire Cycles, guaranteed 5 years £3 12s. 6d.—JUSTIN, 93,Stokescroft, lkisto I rro CYCLISTS.—Send for my list of special Tyres 1 an d Tubes. Cheapest ever offered.—WEßß, 8, Church at., Lythenam,

pEßN.—Toilet Water, in bottles, is. 9d., Is. Peru Foam, Snow Cream, pots is. 9J., Is. Takes the odour out of Perspiration. You should perspire ft eely; don't stop it; you can get rid of the odour' and all other odours the body creates. Peru does is ! Changes the Odour chemically into something that is odourless and is harmless to skin or health. Obtain from Army, and Navy Stores, Ilarrod's, Whiteley's Barker's, Selt- ridge's. Post free 28. and Is. 3d. from ADARE, 38 Market Place, Newark, Notts. Surr and Costume lengths from 6s.—Write Row MILLS, Dept. D., Morley st., Bradford. rANIPS.—Rare English and Foreign. Selections sent.—WALTER, 108, Bury at., 143wer Edmonton, London.

Tel ARGAlN.—Lady's Cycle, magnificent Coventry machine; very latest, highest grade, plated rims, rim brakes, ball free-wheel, all accessories; new Christmas; not soiled ; guaranteed •, no use to owner £4 10s. ; approval before cash.—K. STUCKEY, Oak Villa Clarendon rd., Weston-super-Mare. COVENTRY CYCLE.—Most marvellous bargain ever offered. Gent's high-grade 19)9 Cycle ; absolutely' as new: ball-bearing, free-wheel, two roller lever rim brakes, silver-plated rims, pneumatic tyres ' • not soiled; beautifully enamelled and lined; plated rims, mudguards, and all accessories complete ; cash urgently required ; will sacrifice for £3 12s. 6d., worth double approval Abefore cash sent.—T. HUNIPHRIES, Shirley, Weston-super-Mere. CYCLEBargain to spy one that wants a Gent's High Grade Coventry Machine, new at Xmas, not used six times, must be turned into cash, two best rim brakes, ball free-wheel, latest high grade, 1909 Coventry cycle, plated rims, best of all things, all accessories Lamp and everything guaranteed, worth double; 12s. 6d.' approval willingly before cash sent.—F. J. HANDO, 6,Southbourne terrace, Weston-Super-Mare. CYCLE.—Marvellous sacrifice. Gent's New 1909 Machine highest grade, fitted with Clincher tyres Crabbe roller lever front and back rim brakes, the very atest. Perry's ball-bearing free wheel, plated rims, coloured centres, black enamelled and lined frame,mud-` guards; magnificent machine, not soiled ' • complete with gas lamp, bell, pump, spanner, &c.; £3 18s. 6d., gnat bargain, worth double. Will send on approval any distance before cash sent.—M'HousE, St. Madge Pitman rd., Weston-Super-Mare.

SECOND-HAND PIANO FOR SALE, 7 octaves, Ivory keys'—Apply T. OULTON, 7, Kendrick st., Warrington.

MAKE YOUR HATS FASHIONABLE. WITH ARTIFICIAL ROSES; the season's flower! SIX beautiful sprays, assorted, with foliage, is. 9d., postage 3d. extra. Manufacturers' finest stock, great bargain, money returned if not satisfactory.— lIOPE & CO., DEPT. 8., 36, FINSBURY PAVEMENT, LONDON, E.C. MOFFEE.—Slater's Full Cream ' toffee is delicious finest on the market. Send 2d. for sample. Try it !—SLATER, Bondgate, Darlington. ripo BE SOLD, a DINING-ROOM SUITE in oak, -I- made by G. M. Greenhalgb, also some pictures by G. Sheffield.—To be seen at WEBSTER'S, 28 Butter- market at., Warrington.

TO CANVASSERS.—The only genuine Id. Sanito- Shells, disinfectant throughout, with attractive circulars, 1 gross 49., 2 7s. 2d., 4 129., carriage paid, refuse substitutes.—TETLEY, 503, Harehills lane, Leeds.

MHE AUSTRALIAN CRICKETERS (illustrated) is included in this year's "Cricket Calendar" post free 6 stamps.—" CRICKET PRESS," 25, Temple Chambers, London,E.C. Bound in Cloth,poeket edition.

MO advertise our household specialities, we will send carriage paid,on receipt of P.O. is. Gd.or 3s. parcel of our goods, including our famous Chemical Chimney Cleaner and our patent Scissors Sharpener.—THE LEICESTER CHEMICAL CO., Craven St.. LAiCeS'er.

AXONEY LENT to male or female householders on IVA. promissory note at low rates.—MANAGER, 28, PeLe'y at,, off Lovely lane, Warrington (private house).

CASH ACCOMMODATION. 03 to 21,000.—INTEREST 2s. 6d. in the 4 for agreed oho period. £3 repay £3 7s. 6d., ,L 5 repay .L 5 12e. 6d., £lO repay £ll ss. W. JACKSON, 6. PARKER ST., WARRINGTON.

WATER CASKS, fl sizes, low prices.—Apply' GILBERT AND JOHN GREENALL, LIMITED, the Distillery, Bridge st., Warrinton.

iS. SAFETY RAZOR; pal fect instrument; Sheffield make; easy shaving; ls.free ; satisfaction guamnt. ; users deli gb ted..--RETSER, B,Gt. Pulteney st.,London,W.

NO FEES WHATEVER CHARGED. BEFORE APPLYING TO LOAN OFFICES OR LOAN COMPANIES, CONSULT ME, and I will let you have an advance at lower interest than any office in the United Kingdom. Call or write (note my only address). N. STAFFORD, 55, CROSS STREET, MANCHESTER.

CHINA. ; SPLENDID PERFECT SERVICES, 21s.—Dinner, t, Tea, Breakfast, Toilet,Trinket, 3 Jugs and a Teapot. The lot 21s. Safe delivery guaranteed. Every kind of China stocked. Catalogues free.—ViNcENT POTTERY Co., Dept. 1 Burslem.

a FEET rolls crinkled paper, shelf paper, Dying Bird Squeekers ss. 0 ross,"carriage paid, cash.—l,VniGHT, Factor, 2, Bolton rd, Leicester. 64 PAGE BOOK ABOUT HERBS and bow to use them, Post free. Send for one.—TnimNELL, ThP Herbalist, 144, Richmond ri., Cars Jiff. Established 1878.

ceP" TO 5,000 LENT DAILY O LOWEST 2s. weekly Tw T 1 yEIIR E2225505T101 " aNn,REeNp:GyLi2oAosNsiwDe.ekly 210 R 4s. •2 I £2O 22 12s. ~ £lOO ~.„ 355. £2O ~88. No Sureties, no Delay, no Publicity. Special attention applicants from this district. METROPOLITAN LOAN Sr, DISCOUNT CO., 219, BRUNSWICK ST.,OXFORD RD., MANCHESTER; and at 19, WITTON ST., (over Bradley's Clothing Shdp) NORTHWICII.

BURTON'S MATRIMONIAL and CORRESPOND. ING BUREAU ; all classes suited ; prospectus and lists two stamps.-11, BURR ST., Dunstable.

HE RE" S A CHANCE FOR YOU £5 TO £5OO. Have the hard times affected you? Are you back in your rent or rates? Do you owe the Doctor, Grocer, or Any other bills? WHY WORRY. Let me advance the money to pay off all those worrisome bills, let me help you to get a fresh start. Your credit is good with - me, you will be surprised to find how easy it is to borrow money, and how easy to repay the loan. INTEREST LOW & REPAYMENT EASY. No matter what rates others advertise, or ' what rates you are paying, or have paid any other office, I will make you a roan at a, lower rate of interest and easier, repay- ment. Call or write to the actual lender, LORD, 33, GOLBORNE STREET, ; (off Sankey Street), WARRINGTON. Opposite Golborne Street Church. WIDNES. £5, £7, £lO, £2O, £3O, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respectable Householders, on their own security, with- out delay, on our simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES. FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JOHN E. GOODWIN, N.B—Warrington and Runcorn Applicant may receive Money any Evening at their own Homes. PRIVATE CASH ACCOMMODATION. £3 TO £lOOO. BEST TERMS. LOWEST INTEREST AND REPAYMENTS IN ENGLAND. CASH ADVANCES MADE DAILY on the following terms or as mutually agreed upon :- 23 loan Is. Od. weekly I £lO loan 2s. 6d. weekly. £5 loan 18. 6d. weekly I £2O loan ss. Od. weekly. 2.7 loan 2s. Od. weekly I £5O loan 12s. 6d. weekly. Other sums in same proportion. If you are in need of cash assistance you will do well to apply to me at once and I will advance you sufficient for your needs. Fair treatment and honest Lancashire dealings is my motto. -Strictest privacy observed. NO FINES. NO SURETIES. Apply in confidence by letter or Personally to M. SEFTON, 31, CAIRO STREET, WARRINGTON.' Miss C. COTTRRILL (Manageress).

0N SALE, Roan MARE, 7 years old, good worker, and quiet; also TRAP.—F. BAMBER, 38, Bridge at., Hindley, Wigan.

HANDSOME Light Single BROUGHAM, seat 4 inside, by Lawton and Co., equal to new, cost 125 guineas ; take 60 guineas ; reason for selling tbrough the death of Mrs. WYCHERLEY, " Abbotsfleld," Liver- pool rd., Chester.—Apply as above.

Agr 'cultural Produce, Plants, &c.

ASPARAGUS Direct. Bundle 120 Buds, best 2s. 6d. good 2s. 3d., carriage paid.; cash with order.— FREDERICK BUBB, Litttleton,Evesnam.

FOR SALE, in lots of sor 6 tons, large quantity Shoddy Dust for hop growing and farmers.— Apply WELLS Mrr.t, Earlsheaton, Yorkshire.

MHE Prettiest Plant on Earth. The American Fuschia, always in full bloom, in flower 10 months out of 12; quite hardy, 2 Is. 6d., 4 2s. 6d., post free.—T. B. MADDEN, Ballymurry, Roscommon, Ireland.

PATENTS. 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. GEO. DAVIES & SON, CHARTERED PATENT AGENTS. ESTABLISHED IN 1835. SELF-HELP TO NEW PATENT LAW. PRICE 6D. COLONIAL & FOREIGN PATENT LAWS. PRICE is.

A NGLESEY.—BOARD RESIDENCE; lovely old ZS- house and grounds; fine scenery, bracing air ; tennis, croquet, boating, fishing, driving.—WATT s, Llanfairpwll.

BLACKPOOL.—Home from home. Terms Is. each person. Piano.—Mrs. SIXSMITH, 17 Hornby rd. (Central).

iIItIANGOR (Ireland),—Hawthoraden Private BOARD- ING HOUSE. Near sea, golf, perk. 4s. day. Good cusine.—Mrs. KIDD.

LACKPOOL.—APARTMENTS, with or withotit - board; home comforts; fires; central.—DANlELs, 2 Sheppard at., off Adelaide St. Tit RIDLINGTON.—APARTMENTS near sea and - spa; bath ; piano.—Miss BoococK, Littlemoor House, Richmond st. Stamp reply.

BUXTON.—BIt UNSWICK BOARDING ESTAB- LISHMENT.— Billiards. Moderate terms.— Proprietors, MISSES WRIGHT.

BEAUMARIS. LIVERPOOL ARMS HOTEL, commercial and family. Luncheons daily on arrival of boats. Tariff on application to the PROPRIETOR, late of Manchester. Callers invited.

BBLACKPOOL.—Superior APARTMENTS. Every home comfort. Close to church and Talbot rd. StatIOII.—MrS.PENDLEBURY, 7,Topping st.,North Shore.

BLACKPOOL.—APARTMENTS, with or without board, is. each, bed. Central. Accommodation Cyclists.—Mrs. How A RTII, Glentoyd, 109, Hornby rd. "Di RIGHTON.—SPLENDID RESIDENCE overlook- -11 unrivalled sea front; 11 bedrooms; well fur- nished; ten guineas • unfurnished £l6O. Others £26 to £llo.—YouNGs, Auctioneers, Second Avenue, Brighton BLACKPOOL—APARTMENTS with or without board ; bed, cooking and attendance 2s. two persons; piano.—Mrs. M.. SHARPE, 41, Topping at., off Church at., three minutes from Talbot rd. Station.

BLACKPOOL—VISITORS who enjoy the NORTH PIER and Mons. Speelman's Celebrated Band should stay at the NORTH PIER PRIVATE HOTEL Delightfully and conveniently situated on the front. Moderate Tariff. Tel. 400.

B LACKPOO 1.4 Prom. WORS LEY BOARDING ESTAB. Six private sitting-rooms, facing sea, board optional; also public apartments.—WOßSLEY, 2 and 3 Ilindloss Terrace.

IMPERIAL International Exhibition visitors catered for in parties or otherwise. 5 minutes gates. Terms moderate.—ELECTRIC REETAURANT AND TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 4 lA, Goklhawk rd., W.

KHLEAKIN, Skye.—Heathmount House, board comfortable, all conveniences.—MACPll ERSON. LAN DUDNO.—ORMSCLIFFE BOARDING HOUSE, facing sea, accommodate 140 guests; dancing, whist drives, music, billiards.

LLAND DNO.—CRAIG MOR BOARDING HOUSE, Abbey id.; lovely situation; every comfort ; from 255. weekly.—Particulars and illustrated guide free.

LONDON. VITILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS V LIMTIED. 3-1 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL ALSO AT 70,464 71, EUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

HARROGATE. }LIMO W MANOR HYDRO. STANDS IN ITS OWN GROUND OF SIX ACRES HYDROPATHIC INSTALLATION. NEW ELECTRIC LIFT. EXCELLENT CUISINE. SPECIAL WEEK-END TERMS. Near Kursaal, Baths and Wells. 'Bus meets ttains. GOLF, TENNIS, CROQUET. &c. Telegrams "Harlow Manor, Harrogate." Tel. 1018. MISS OAKLEY, Manageress. ' - SOUTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT (KEPT BY OLD WARRINGTON PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL STREET. ESTIMATES GIVEN. CHOIR PARTIES, PICNICS &C., TESTIMONIALS FROM ALMOST EVERY TOWN IN LANCASHIRE. Telephone 0465. THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN.

A PARTMENTS or Lodgings; terms moderate. Apply Mrs.SHARPE,Spring Field,tiolme,Carnforth APARTMENTS, sea view, mountain air, well furnished; best scenery North Wales.—THastas Penhafodlas, Llanrug.

APARTMENTS.—Mrs. F. BROWN. 19, Avondale rd. Southport, (late of Stanley at., Burl) ; one minute from promenade.

A NGLESEY.—Furnisbed FARMHOUSE' 2 sitting, 4 bedrooms.—THomAs, Glanaber, Llansilian, Amlwcb.

A BERYSTWYTH.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, near sea and station; bath (h. and c.)—Mrs. BENNETT, Stitty, Brewer st. A BERYSTWYTH.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, LS- public and private; terms moderate.—LLOYD, Harcourt House, Trinity rd.

A• SHBOURNE, Dovedale.—White Lion Hotel. Private SETTING-ROOM, with one or two bedrooms.-111r9. READ, Proprietress.

ANGLESEY.—APARTMENTS or Board Residence. Close to shore. Good boating. Moderate terms. —MuaLsx, Bodawen, Moelfre Bay.

A BERYSTWYTH. APARTMENIS, healthily Ili- situated; close Castle Gate, S. M. terrace and beach.—Hunn ES, Bodarfor, Sea View place.

AN G LESEY.—APARTMEN S to let near sea. Two sitting and five bedrooms. Terms moderate.— Mrs. PETERS, Diwidfa, Aberffaw, Anglesey. BLACKPOOL.—Best aecommodatiou.—rs M.MILLER, 26 Grosvenor st. BliXTON.—Superior private APARTMENTS; near Baths and Gardens; good cooking.—E..26,Batb rd.

BLACKPOOL.—APARTMENTS ; is. each per night —Mrs. GARNETT, 68, Erdington rd., oft Central Drive.

BLACKPOOL.—Mrs. BRIERLRY, 3, Lord St. Good beds 2s. per night; board 48. 6d.; cicso T.R, station.

_ lILACKPOOL (Central).—Coinfortable Apartments ; .11 every borne comfort.—Mrs. WILSON, Alpine Villa, .91, Hornig rd.

BLACKPOOL.—APARTMENTS, public or private. M. W. ROBINSON, 85, Corouation et., near Central Station.

-I)LACKPOOL.—Mrs. ASPDEN, 107, Lytham rd., (near JLP sea), Comfortable APARTMENTS; terms 2s. per bed and al ten da n ce.

B- . - LACKPOOL.—Mmute sea, trams; bed, cooking, attendance, two persons 25.; Boarders 48. 6d.— ADAMS, 19, Lonsdale rd.

LACKPOO—Superi or ROOMS ; close to pier, L., sea, station; public or private.—Mrs. DIxoN, 23, Withnell rd., S. Shore. TI)LACKPOOL.—HomeIy and comfortable lodgings „Ilfi with or without board. Piano. Terms moderate. —Mrs. F. HAWLEY, S Clarendon rd.

BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable AFARTMENTS near Talbot rd. Station and amusements; centre of town.—Mrs. HANSON, 16, Topping st.

BLACKPOOL.—Home Comforts. Beds is. each person ; minute sea and Central Station; piano. —Mrs. MuLLINEux,•IO4, Coronation st. BLACKPOOL, S.S.—APARTMENTS. Public; private; sea view • 2s. two • ' board optional ; bath ; pianos.—Baowxrr, '23, Alexandra rd. BLACKPOOL.—APARTMENTS to Let, near sea and trams; terms moderate.—Mrs. SPIBY, Croston House, 28, Princess st., Blackpool. 114ISPHAM, near Blackpool.—Comfortable APART- MENTS, near sea. Piano. Terms moderate.— Mrs. HAMPSON, 23, Norwood Place.

BLACKPOOL.—Near Central Station, Sea and Amusements; 2s. per bed (two persons).—Misses THOMPSON, Sonny Bank, 14, Charnley rd. BLACKPOOL.—A Homely Welcome at Mrs. HuDstort's 18, Wellington rd., South Shore. Close tolsea. Good accommodation for cyclists.

BLACKPOOL—Mrs. RICHARDSON, 55, Dean st., public and private APARTMENTS; every home comforts; near promenade and South Shore Station. Moderate. TIUXTbN.—APARTMENTS, Farmhouse, in Peak of 11 Derbyshire, with rabbit shooting.—HENßY AI3ELL, Biggin Grange. Hartington.

IDEAUMARlS.—Comfortable and homely APART- MENTS near promenade. Terms moderate. Also COTTAGE, six roams, nicely furnished.—Sowrwm, Guyndy BLACKPOOL.—APARTMENTS, 14 single bed- rooms ; terms 2s. per head inclusive ; good accommodation for cyclists.—Mrs. FORR EST, 96, Ilornby rd.

BUXTON APARTMENTS BUREAU.—Miss UNWIN, 18, Crowestoms, has a list ot Aportments on her books (with or without board) which she can thoroughly recommend.

BLACKPOOL .—HOME from HOME.—Public and private Apartments, with or without board. Terms for one or two persons, 2s. per night. Sea view. frs. BLackza, 58, Tyl•zlesley rd. • LACKPOOL, South Shore.—Reliable APART- MENTS, Private or Public; close to promenade,: Fea view; reasonable.—Mrs: WARD, Sunny Bank, -4 Woodfield rd. Established nine years. BLACKPOOL-Is. id. or 2s. bed for two persons, cooking, attendance Inclusive; good accommoda- tion for cycles ; piano.—Mrs. STUBBS 28, Keswick rd., off Central Drive,

COLWYN BAY.—Furnisbed Unfurnished Houses, Apartments. Send stamp and requirements.— MELLOR and ALLEN.

COLWYN BAY.—Superior APARTMENTS, central position; terms moderate; private and public.— Mrs. Ross, Carrington, Abergele rd.

CIIESIIIRE.—Country APARTMENTS, public or private; pleasantly situated; terms moderate.— EIRD, Stmnyside, Kelsal, Chester.

COLWYN BAY.—" Westbourne," Home of Rest. Highly • recommended. From 19s. 6d. per week bed and board.—Write to PROPRIETRESS.

CIOMFORTABLE APARTMENTS to Let, country village; moderate terms.—Apply Mrs. DEWEY, Fern House, Witebam, near Ely, Cambs.

COLWYN BAY. Comfortable APARTMENTS, close to sea and woods. Every convenience. Terms moderate.—GRIFFITHS, The Hazels, Hawarden rd.

iFIOUGLAS.—Bed, breakfast and tea 3s. Beds from 6d. to 2s.—HEYWOOD, Oldham House, 19, Peel rd. fIOUGL AS, I o.M.—Coml ortable and Homely APARTMENTS; terms moderate.—Miss DYSON, 24, Berkeley et.

DERBYSHIRE.—Superior Country APARTMENTS, detached House; good cooking; every comfort; terms moderate.—ScHooL HOUSE, Mayfield, Ashbourne.

_ lrAUNOON.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, liberal table; terms moderate; highly recommended.— IVY GROVE, Cromwell St.

DOUGLAS.—APARTMENTST with or without board. Terms moderate.—Mrs. GREEN, 12, Leigh Terrace, Castletown rd.

DOUGLAS.—Mrs. CH RISTIE, Blafeking House, Hutchinson Square, Broadway, close prom. With or witbout Loard : beds (2 per.) 2.

lAOUGLAS.—APARTMENTS, two minutes from promenade. Beds 2s. per night. Tea, bed and breakfast 3s. 6d.—Miss NETTLE, Leighton souse, 9, Clifton Terrace. Broadway. FARMHOUSE APARTMENTS, June and July; most picturesque part Sbrosphire ; 21 miles Oswestry ; moderate.—WlLLlAMS, Fark Ucba Farm, Racecourse. Oswestry.

QRANGE-0.-SANDS.—Mis. PATTERSON, Victoria Mount. —Public and Private APARTMENTS,near station, promenade; bath, piano; terms moderate. HOLYHEAD, N. Wales.—Furnished APARTMENTS TO LET; terms 7s.—Apply to Mrs. HUGHES, 20, Moreton rd.

HEY SH AM. near Morecambe.—TO LET, Furnished a large FARMHOUSE; modern conveniences; or comfortable Furnished Apartments, cooking and attendance; two miles to station, near sea ; carriages kept ; motor shed • elevate i, bracing open situation.— D E3I PSTER, Daisy hank Farm. KI K MICHAEL, Isle of Man.—Furnished House or APARTMENTS, near sea and station.— Address, ERINVILLE.

LYTHAM.—Near station end sea; home from home; bath : piano.—Mrs. EDMONDSON, 48, Westby et.

L LANDUDNO.—Comfortable, clean Cottage APART MENTS ; sea, pier.—Miss ROBERTS, Rosa Cottage, Cwlach at. LLANDUDNO.—APARTMENTS, one minute to promenade. Moderate terms.—Mrs. HOD GETTS, Bodloneeb, Mostyn Avenue.

LYTHAM.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, large airy rooms; good cooking; terms moderate.—Mrs. RUSSELL," Ellerslie," Central Beach.

LAKE DlSTRlCT.—Ambleside.—Apartments ; good view ; cycle accommodation; 3 sitting-rooas, 8 bedrooms.—MAßTlN, Kelsick House.

LANDUDNO and NORTH WALES COAST:—For Furnished and Unfurnished Houses.—Apply M. RYAN, Estate Agent and Auctioner, Llandudno.

LONDON.—Superior APARTMENTS for Visitor by day or week ; moderate terms • board optional; quiet; central.—Write requirements, 'MANAGERESS, 41, Bernard St., Russell square.

L• LANDUDNO.—Superior private APARTMENTS, good position beautiful mountain view; near golf and rea good cooking; moderate terms.—Mrs. STOREY, ihe Rylands, Lloyd rt. - -

JjANDUDNO.—FURNISHED COTTAGE TO LET, four bedrooms, one sitting-rooms two kitchens, for two or three months,- one minute from sea.—Mrs. RAINFORD, Deal Cottage, Bodafon row. - -

MORECAMBE.—APARTMENTS. Beds 2s. Full board 255. per week. Good cooking.—NEWELL, 35, Clarendon-road, W.F.

MO REC AMBE.—Comfortable APARTMENTS ; central; near Eel.-I‘lisses MARSDLN & HILL Mipth House, 13, Skipton st. MRS. LORD and MISS MlLLS.—Public and Private APARTMENTS; 28, St. Andrew's Rd. South St. Annes-on-the-Sea. Bath and Piano.

MORECAMBE W.E.—Publio and private APART- MENTS; good sea view; terms moderate.— Misses BROUGHTON, Graham House, 11, Windsor Terrace, He3sbam rd. MORECAMBE.-TO LET, %ell-furnished VILLA, stable, garage, bath, pianoforte.—Apply, SCOTT, Greta Bank, Morecambe, NCB.

IPORECAMBE.—HomeIy APARTMENTS, pleasantly situated, good cooking, two minutes from sea; ccommodation for cycles.—Mrs. L. G. HARTLEY, Fern Mount, Et), Chatsworth rd.

IVEINT BRlGHTON.—Superior APARTMENTS, with or without board. Terms moderate.—Apply Mrs. CorroN, 40, Tollemache at. (11 doors from Promenade). Telephone 861 Liscard.

'TEAR Mold, NW.—BOARD or APARTMENTS in IA country residence; dining, drawing, 2 sitting, 6 bed rooms; illustrated booklet, with terms, on application.—NEWTON, Bod Derwen.

O• SlVESTRY.—Comfortable APARTMEN fS, with or without board ; 1 minute from fields and lanes.— GREGORY, Picton Ter.

PRESTATYN.—APARTMENTS, near SPA, golf and I- station; terms moderate.--MuNtro, 12, Rossllin- terrace.

PRESTATYN.—APARTMENTS, pleasantly situated facing sea; close to station, golf links.—JoNEs, Stanley House.

PORTRUSH.—Comfortable APARTMENTS with or without board. , Moderate.—Mrs. LOGAN, Salis- bury House, Princess terrace.

VlWLLBELl.—Farmhouse (furnished) or APART- MEN TS, two sitting-rooms, four bedrooms, bathroom, &c.—Mrs. EDWA RDS. Rhosbach Farm.

PENMAEUMAUR.—APARTMENTS with good cooking and attendance. Central in its own grounds, Terms moderate.—A. RICHARDS, Brookside.

pRESTATYN.—Purnished, Unfurnished Bungalows 1 Houses, Land, Let or Sale ; stamp.—INGLEFIELD, Agent Prestatyn.

BORESTATYN.—Sea and Mountain View; two enter- taining, three bed rooms; moderate.—Miss BRUNTON, Highfield, Sandy lane:

PUBUC and Private APARTMENTS, board if required.— HODGSON AND LEACH, 8, Molyneux Drive, New Brighton (formerly of Todmorden and Summit.)

RHYL—APARTMENTS,ntar sea; public and private sitting rooms; moderate.—POPPLEWELL, Crewe House, Wellington rd.

II IVINGTON PlKB.—Teas and hot water provided in Barns, Lever Park. Particulars, GREAT' HousE, Rivington, Horwick.

RSUALLT near St. Asaph.—APARTMENTS in Farmhouse. Healthy part. All scenery of Vale of Clwyd.—OwEN. Tyralls.

-11)P HYL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS; near pro- IL and station; good cooking and attend- anee.-KINGSTON HOUSE, Russell rd.

eoast and eountry.—Where to Stay. /fl A ANA J. • AIL I% 4,1 k 04. /40, Aft J.k. .40 11 A "

T. ANNES-ON-THE-SEA.—Comfortable 11on3e 1.0 APARTMENTS.—Mrs. DIGGLE,l7,Oxford Avenue. SOUTHPORT.—Misses LEES, with large well appointed house, have rooms to let.-5, KnowsleY rd., Promenade.

QOUTHPORT.—Superior Public and Private APART- MENTS ; near station and pier.—Mrs. BOOTS) 15, Avondale rd.

OUTHPORT.—APARTMENTS, double bed ona • 10 private sitting-room, 3s. 6d. day; good cooking. -- 10, WILLOW GROVE.

SUUTTIPORT.—Board Residence or APARTMENT.% terms from 4s. Gd. day ; home comforts.—"WE°- wool)," 49, Portland st.

QUNNY PAIGNTON, DEVON.—For furnished Houses,A PA RTMENTS.—AppIy EIELSON, Paigntois Estate Office. Guides Free. QCA RB 0R O' .—Comfortable APARTMENTS; moderate; near North Side; piano.—M W _ rs' CRA SHAW, AVCIIUP, Dean rd. QULBY GLEN, ISLE OF MAN, MTS. ATHERLYT Cooilbane House.—Charmingly situated in its ow° grounds. Every accommodation for private famil Write for terms and booklet.

ST. ANNE'S - ON-SEA. —Comfortable APART; MENTS, public and private; close to station eau pier.—Mrs. HOYLE. 72, St. Andrew's, rd., South. QT. ANNES-ON-SEA.--Publio or Private APART- MENTS ; board optional ; bath and piano . • 2 minutes from station.—Mr. STEEDEN, Tingewick St.Alban's rd.

SCARBOROUGH. Comfortable APARTMENTS' Sea View. Public and private rooms. Piano Wahl; Beds 2s.—Apply Mrs. GELDARD, " Sumnierilowe, Ashville Avenue.

MHE POPULAR HOLIDAY CAMP.—Lucas's Nor" breck Camp, Blackpool.—CAMP NEWS, giving all particulars, post free.

TALE OF CLWYD.—Ten-roomed House furnished or APARTMENTS; modern conveniences: - LLOYD, Tyny Caen, Llangwyfen, Trefnant, R.S.O. WHlTBY.—Clomfortable and Homely APART- MENTS ; terms moderate.—Mrs. HALL, Crescent place, West Cliff. WIN DERMERE.—APARTMENTS, one sitting, two' bed rooms, bath; near park.--Mrs. CHRISTOPIigg" SON, 2, Victoria Villas.

WEST KlRBY.—Large well-furnished DRAVVINa- ROOM and two or three Bedrooms.-56r BANKS RD.

WALLASEY, Cheshire.—APARTMENTS or Board: highly recommended ; two minutes sandbillgr golf links ; five minutes shore ; bath, piano.—Address GOLFSIDE. ,

BLACK Minorcas or Buff Orpingtons, best laying strains, 2s. 6d. dozen, delivered.—SHACKELr Elmhurst, liorncburch.

EGGS for sitting, from grand pen partridge Wystr. dottes. cockerel winner reserve Crystal Palace and five lsts at different shows, only times shovall 10s. Bd. dozen; also White Wyandottes, Black White Leghoms at ss. per dozen ; unfertiles replace(' once.—OwEs LINES, Yoxford Vicarage, Suffolk- - - -

pARTRIDGE Wyandotte EGGS,' N'Vharton's noted strain, beautifully laced, marvellous winter layer! 3s. per doz., guaranteed fertile. Also eggs from groat pen of Buff Orpington's 2s. 6d. per doz,--DAvrOP Bailiff, Home Farm, Stype Grange, Hungerford, Berke' POULTRY and PIG FEEDING made PROFITARIS by using CELEBRATED FEEDING MEALS et 7s. 6d. and 10s. per sack of 180 lbs., sacks free, carriage paid within 22 miles radius of Manchester; cash with order.—PlLOT CATTLE FOOD COMPANY, 11, Chap WBO at., Hultne, Manchester.

TURKEY & GEESE EGGS.—Reduced. Reduce-d• Immense American Mammoth Bronze Turkeys \g,ni enormous Embden Toulouse Geese 7s. 6d. doz. SPeciA 9s. Indian Runner and Aylsbury Ducks 3s. 6d. ExceP- tional opportunity. All clears (if any) replaced free' Prompt delivery guaranteed. Incubators supplied, reduction.—Miss EDITH W. WALTON, Ongar rd., Weo Brompton.

EGGS for Hatch:ng at greatly reduced prices frorn highest class exhibition and utility birds; breedEs Buff and White Orpington's 155., 7s. 6d., 4s. 6d. 1 Minorcas,loe. 6d., 4s. 6d.; White, Partridge and Silvef Pencelled Wyandottes, 6s 6d. 45.: Black, White an' Brown Leghorns, ss. 6d., ; unfertiles replacell catalogue free; weekday inspection invited ; 1/o'7. birds always on view; hundred?, of prizes vron in keelles" competition all over the country by birds bred here. -- Rev. NODDF.R, Ashover Rectory, Chesterfield.

FEROVA DRY VAHICK FEED, Rears from the Shell. The Best on the Market. Editor pf Poultry' says It is PERFECTION. OF ALL CORN DEALERS, GROCERS &c. Wholesale only of NEWTH, GUVMER & CO.. s. BELVEDERE ROAD, LONDON, S.E. MAKE YOUR HATS FASHIONABLE

Education. ACRE, Cceur Convent, Hal, Brussels, Boardirg chool for Young Ladies, PA) yearly,ask prcwectte. QIMPLEST Shorthand, learnt in a fortnight ; 1.7 teacher required; brief, legible,highly commeodeuz complete Is. Id.—S.S. PUBLISHING Co., 31, Chat svortw' at., Liverpool.

EDUCATED ladies and gents can obtain positienSP - P from £6 monthly, in foreign schools of language°' —Full addresses and particulars, 58. postal order to SPRACHDE, 74, Louisen at., Homburg v. d. Mlle' i Germany. -

Sl7A—fa OUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL—AN ID.-- a SCHOOL FOR BOYS. Languages, Science, sPe Commercial Subjects Swimming, Gymnastics, Cagei; Company. Staff includes 8.A., M.Sc., F.C.V., Officier Academie, &c. Foreign pupils received. Prospectd" from HEADMASTER. • MR.\ ERNEST WILKES, A.14.C.M., Professor o' Music, Organist and Choirmaster of St. Padv, Church, PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMON .1,.; COUNTERPOINT, MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 10d Certificates and Prizes kained by Pupils. Large three- manual Organ for pupil's practice.—For terms apPill 134, LOVELY LANE and LF.GH ST.. Warrington. __--- MARPLE HIGH SCHOOL, CHESHIRE.".„ Principals: The Misses RICHARDSON, High-clal' School for Girls and Young Boys; thorough educaticlf pupils prepared for external examination if desired' special advantages offered in Music and Moder.o Languages, Beautiful country situation. Bracing Alr' Boarders received.

EXCELLENT INVESTMENT for one or hundred pounds. Good interest. Governrnen: security.--Address Box 6646,c/o SHARROW & THATCH Holbort Place, London, W.C.

Medical. STAMMERING.—Inexpensive home treatment ; particulars Gd.P.o. JOHN HAND,Grove Place.flo TO Cure Corns immediately, send for packet Dr. JENN ER'S CORN SILK, 101 cl. CDußcir, Chemist, Cambridge. fes ERG in your bath immediately 'relieves and cg"o, Gout, Rheumatism, Eczema.—Sent free, 18 stator COOPER, 117, Plimsoll rd., London, N. HEiUMATISM cured. The latest and surest rele . ndi in bottles, is. lid. and 2s. 9d. 'post free.—RDE CURE MANUFACTURING CO., 4, Bridge st , IFTLCERINE. A positive cure for Bad Legs, Varicos V and indolent ulcers. Has never failed, price 1°•• from SMYTH, Chemist, 43, Gt. Brunswick st., Dul2o:> - TOO FAT. CORPULENCE. OBESETY.—Gentlenovi having most simply cured himself, wilt Oel„ particulars free to all sufferers.—HtLL, Doveston Greenfield, Yorkshire. INDIGESTION.— An infallable cure h'v te recommended by Medical Profession, immediftols„ relief, price 2s. 6d.—PAIIISIEN MEDICINE Co., Shaftesbury Avenue, London. STERILH MARRIAGE : Its Causes and Curs" Treatment. By a late Senior Physician Tee. FlGspital for Women. A New Edition. Just publh 38, Post free, 3s. 9d; SHELLEY and Co. (Limited) Gracechurch-st. London. GREAT SENSATION.—Dr. Hoffman's Celebtaeo, N-R Rheumatic Powders. Ihe Gr3at German Tare matic Cure. Relief is felt after the first. Will,oo, permanently all forms of Rheumatism, Sciatic, 11.00. Neuralgia. Contains no injurious drugs or Pc3,4,0 Price is. Pd., 2s. 9d. Chemists or INTERNATI°- • CHEMICAL CO. 324, Caledonian rd. London. FOR MORE THAN TWENTY-FIVE YEARI' DR. DAVIS S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS t° HAVE been universally admitted to be a --°enjedi Womankind. They are the best known 11 otter or Anemia, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling 0130 Meals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation, Heart. Debility, Depression, Weakness Irregnilo. 6cl and all Female Ailments. Boxes Is. 2s. and 11r. (Sample sent, free). Only addreol* PORTOBELLO ROAD, NOTTING HILL, LOis-v

-RECEIPTS AND EXPENDITURE BY THE DISTRESS COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE COUNTY BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON FOR THE • YEAR ENDED ON THE .. 31sT DAY OF' MARCH, 1909. PART I.—RATE CONTRIBUTION ACCOUNT. • RECEIPTS. EXPENDITURE. £ s. d. £ s. d. 33alance, Ist April, 1908 Rate Contributions from the Council of Salaries of Officers 7B 0 0 r_ the County Borough of Warrington Ziank Interest ll5 0 Balance, 31st March, 1909 214 11 8 .. ---- , --- £369 2 5 £369 2 5 , -- . --- .7. LYON WHITTLE, JNO. FAIRHURST, Clerk to Distress Committee. Treasurer to Distress Committee. . I HEREBY CERTIFY that I have compared the entries in this Financial St gement with the Vouchers -and other Documents relating thereto, and that the Regulations with respect to such Statement have been duly 'complied with. . thIt.IEREBY FURTHER CERTIFY that I have ascertained by Audit the correctness of such Statement and t the expenditure of the Distress-Committee durin( the year ended the 3i st day of March, 1909, included in sEtch Statement, and allowed by me at the Audit, is One hundred and fifty-four pounds, ten shilings and in pence. As witness my hand this Ist day of May, 1909, ARTHUR E. ELLIS, Assistant District Auditor.

B. CUNNINGHAM, -8n • WINWICK RD., %ARRINGTON (Telephone 17). BREWER'S AGENT AND BOTTLER OF Guinness's Stout, Boss's Pale Ale, Bass's No. 1 Strong Ale. Worthington's and Allsopp's Ales. Devonshire and Hereford Cider. Wheatley's and Mack's Hop Bitters. Allsopp's and Jeffrey's LAGER BEER IN BOTTLE. ALSO MANUFACTURERS OF HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS.

SANITARY ALTERATIONS MOONEY & CO., CONTRACTORS FOR L MBING, DRAINING CONCRETE, FLAGGING, AND BRICKWORK. LOWEST PRICE FOR GOOD WORK. lo) WARWICK ST., LEVER ST., MANCHESTER. Tel. : • 3679.

'STEPHEN MOSS & Li OONS LIMITED, SHOEING AND GENERAL SMITHS, ALL KIN DS OF AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, 'TEA-M, GAS, & OIL ENGINES SUPPLIED, FIXED -"AIND _REPAIRED, ALL KINDS OF WHEELS HOOPED. HOT WATER ENGINEERS, 8:c. 'WORKS: ACADEMY STREET, -WARRINGTON

- GEDDES'S DANDELION COFFEE. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD By ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5D., 10D., AND is. BD. EACH. WHOLESALE BY J. GEDDES Z.; SON, LTD., WARRINGTON.

A CHOICE CIGARETTE. s'IJDLOW'S SPECIAL SILK CUT CIGARETTES. 'Cluatanteed Hand-made from Pure Virginian Tobacco Bd. per oz., 2s. 6d. per /Ib,. box. T. sup Low & CO., CIGAR MERCHANTS, lO,WINWICK ST., AND 65. BUTTERMARKET ST. _el. 414 y. , WARRINGTON.

VRE MEDICAL INSTITUTE OF ELEC.. TRICITY.—DO YOU SUFFER from Rheu- o—nam, Sciatica, Insomnia, Nervous Prostration, Loss 'Aemory, Paralysis, Deafness, Neuralgia, Stammer- -1:13g, Pains in the Head and Back, Depression of Spirits, ,hYtmess of Sight, Dread of Future Events, Nervous „SitTidity ? ALL NERVOUS and MENTAL DIS- N'DERS CURED by Dr. Fisher, U.S.A.. Brain and loerve Specialist, 263, Ke,nsington, LIVERPOOL.. to 3 and sto 8 p.m. Modern Scientific Massage and ,filetro.Vibro Medical Massage. Electricity. Con- free.

158. IN THE 2, Ott 75 PER CENT. SAVED OFF YOUR BOOTMAKER'S BILL applying HARDSOLE 'to the soles and heels of 300 r boots. You will get four times the wear b`4‘ of them. Send P.O. for Sevenpenee for Large unottle to THE 'ACME' MANUFACTURING CO., 17, MOUNT PLEASANT, LONDON, E.C.

LADIES' and CHILDREN'S HAIR can be preserved, beautified, and enriched for years by using RowLANDSS MACASSAR OIL, which prevents baldness and scurf, and strengthens and restores the hair; also in a Golden Colour for fair or grey hair. Sizes. 3/6. 7/-,10/6. Sold by Stores,Chemists, and A. Rowland & Sons, Hatton Garden. London.

S WARRINGTON 3 CHAPTERS . BRIDGE-STREET SIXTY YEARS AGO. In a recent issue we printed a list of the shopkeepers who plied their trades on the west side of Bridge-street half a century ago. It has suggested itself to us as an interesting task to set down the names of all the old business firms of the town and secure where possible any remembrances of our oldest inhabitants. We are fortunate in having, in Mr. Joseph Clare a Warringtonian whose memory of old Bridge-street is singularly complete, and we have drawn upon his stores of information for a list of shop keepers on the east side of the street and print his comments thereupon. Commencing our walk at the Bridge there stood first the grocer's shop kept by Thorp and afterwards by Burgess. The Packet House stood as it does now at the corner of Mersey- street, and as the packets departed from the wood pier opposite it was a packet house in more than name. It was then kept by a Scotchman named Blythe. The old wood stage from which the packets departed has of course disappeared, the only relic of it being the long wood post which rises from the mud of the river. Mr. FairhurSt's, grocer's shop, stood next to the Packet House, and the next establishment was a drapery shop kept by another Scotchman, McGowan. The shop now occupied by Mr. Birchall, was kept by Halliwell, the well-known clock- maker. Samples of his handiwork in the shape of fine trustworthy grandfather's clocks may still be found in Warrington homes. Another ingenious student of timepieces, Mr..Litherland, lived in Latchford in a shop that stood on the site occupied by Hallwoods, and between the two a close friendship existed. Mr. Litherland is known as the inventor of the lever watch, and it is due to the memory of Mr. Halliwell to say that he gave valuable assistance to his friend in the long extensive studies and experiments which preceded the advent of the first lever watch. The next shop was that of Miss Ely, bonnet maker, who married James Forrest, and in the shop now occupied by Pierpoints, Peter Bate carried on the business of confectioner. Next was the chemist's shop of Dr. Peter Sadler. As shopman, Mr. Goodall did duty for many years and by his diligence in business made it possible for • his young employer to qualify as a medical man. The Bull's Head came next, -.lld was then kept by Mather, and adjoining it the Seven Stars kept by Boardman. The watch shop of William Simcock adjoined the Seven Stars, and the next was Crank, cabinet maker; then came a shop shared by the father and brother of William Silcock the fathet being a watchmaker, and the son a barber--a curious combination but not regarded as anything unusual in those days. The "Royal Oak" flourished then as now, its keeper then being named Bolton. Next was the grocer's shop now kept by Mr. Hooley. The "Higher Seven Star's" stood next, and was a great resort of the factory hands of Latchford. The innkeeper was Pete. Price. Mr. Rowe's book shop, Mrs. Finch, and Wilkinson, both provision dealers, were the next three and then came Cavanagh's picture shop. This last is now the "Rose and Crown " Inn, but the "Rose and Crown" of those days was approached from the passage to which it gave its name and had no frontage on Bridge-street. The innkeeper was Mr. Stanton and he ran a daily coach to Manchester. On the other side of the Rose and Crown passage was Dutton's, the emporium for fine drapery and forerunner of the present shop in Sankey Street. Next there was the private house of Mr. Davies, father of the late Robert Davies, solicitor. On the site now occupied by Mr. Pearson's shop stood Mr. Davies's office. The business carried on was that of wine merchant, but Mr. Davies was a man of many interests, and carried on -in addition the business of oil-sheet maker. He had also the saw mills near what is now Arpley Station, and conducted also a rope making business. , The old house iri which he lived still stands but with amodern shop front ; it is occupied by Mr. Harold Smith, chemist. Randal Podmore, barber, had the next shop and next to him was Walsh the tin worker, whose workshop was in Ship-yard. The " Ship " Inn and Ship-yard were next reached. The" Ship" in those days faced upon Bridge-street, and stood back a little from the line of shops. In the space thus left Peter Phillips used to display a row of chairs, samples of his handiwork, on market days. The Red Lion Hotel, than, as now, prominent among the hostelries of tile town. It was kept by Mr. Holland and afterwards by Mr. Fred Thorpe. In Chrimes yard there stood another public-house. This was kept by a quaker, Thomas Leadbetter, whom we should imagine to be the last quaker to hold the position of inn-keeper in Warrington— possibly in England. Boardman's barber's shop came next, then Carter's grocer's shop. An irohmonger's shop occupied the site of Garlands, its pro- prietor being Mr. Heath, a well known townsman. Then came The Star and Garter, now Ashurst'S,and adjoining it was Pickmere the wine merchant's the only name ivhich still remains in the line of shopkeepers of 50 years ago. A tailor named O'Kell occupied the old tailoring establishment to which Boydell's have succeeded and Smith's tin shop came next to it. Sanderson, the grocer was the predecessor of Richardson and the shop occupied the site. Next wal Mallet's hat and cap shop, its occupier living in Paragon-place. After Cartwright's pro- vender shop (next to Dolman's-lane) ,kr.as Webster the chemist. The site of the National Bank was occupied by David Green, draper, and next came Carter's who combined the businesses of watchmaker and crockery dealer. Mr. Shaw was butcher, and came next in the line of shops, and next to him was Bethel's glassware depot, and then Bostock's shoe shop (now Bailey's). Messrs. Watts, of Manchester, so well known in the business world, occupied the fine shop which now serves Mr. Atkinson for a similar business. Mr. George Blackhurst, watch maker, held the next shop, and then came George Hatton, butcher. Next were Topping and Sharp, chemists (now Boots) and William Milner, tailor. The corner shop at Market Gate was the grocery store of Peter Smith whose house, approached from Buttermarket-street, stood behind it. In the passages leading from Bridge-street at the north end we need hardly say there were several interesting old Inns that flourished in the coaching days. In Dolman's-lane there was the public-house known as the "Bang up "—whatever the name they have meant. In the passage next to Atkinson's was the old Swan—formerly the "Two necked Swan" kept by Maxwell. The next passage gave access to the "Cock". and the next to the " Crow " which was then kept by Thomas Allen. A.M.

• • • • - ' .;, : V., • z 'SA • , r- -1

!lee These tiny Capsules re bp Kidney and Bladder Tr 09,0 . . SAN'TAL., ctoroumrsptlyElaten gir)estiirliefobrettivrltillel . . , • . ' name " Midy." Sold hY 0, . An. I eii, Chemists, or post free 3s. from . WILCOX & CO. IV, "Il 1., ~, .„. ' - au, IIAYMARkET,

.j.EWaLEOKstO4.)I6O

T. KENT AND 70, DEANSGATE,(opposite Barton Arco"' MANCHESTER. „, f RENT'S RINGS are unsurpassed for gunk" °nt gems and perfection of workmanship. Kent's their own kings—there are no intermediate Inridll Write for ILLUSTRATED BooKLET of PRICKS and -5 particulars. Telephone 13.1%-- ARE YOU SATISFIED., To suffer with your eves after a spell of Iteadi'e.,.' Needlework, kc., whin') c4tur s you to bare Pell.„°— Headache, Neurahr;a. Indigestion, &c., &a, We o.l— relieve you of ell ibis tremble ' WITH YOUR EYES Sightf Rend P.C. at once for particulars of our Testing by Post,' whirh oil,e you the bette.P.Z. our 25 years' experience. Testimonials received dal. Address HAWES. OPTICIAN. HARRINGAT. LAND°

44 . •-•.'.i:;;;:',...,. -•- . • • . -if: 8 1 •.• • - . P I trr- :.. ' ' - " - • . • •'' . BOTILES .., COLORLESS. . • • .FRAGRANT . .. . •, , NONPOISONOUS -:.:. ALSO POWDER SOAPS, . . . . . ,-EMBROCATION..."&c . . . ......__ _ * t o= .: No. 1.--THE MINER • has to bring all his muscles int° play. It heavy work heaving coals. and the body needs refreshing anq sustaining with the right kind 0' nourishment. ... For all workers with body or-brain nothing could be better than the splendi I BOTANIC BEER mad° , at home from M ASO NS:411111:. C,,,ts 2d. per gallon, but worth a shilling. , AGENTS WANTED.

Are Your Eyes Right? Or have you noticed some little sigh that makes you suspect defeeis ? If in doubt don't delay don't wait until neglect ha 9 aggravated the defects. Let us test your eyes by the hest methods known. Then. if you need them, we can supply Glass that will give immediate comfort and preserve good vision. ARCHER (?) SONS Eyesight Spccialists. 73, LORD STREET' Estb. 1848. LivEßro_aal"

INSTANT RELIEF RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by EADE'S PILLS. AFTER 12 YEARS' SUFFERING —= 27, ludustry Terrace, Brixton, London, S.W. June 4th, 1908. Sire—After suffering with Rheumatic Gout for about twelve years, for over seven years of the time being under several doctors and for seven or eight weeks at a time ir) bed, I was advised to give your Gout and Rheumatic Pills a trial. I did so and am now NEVER WITHOUT THEM if I can 1 elp it. I find two or three pills give relief in two .- three hours. You are at liberty to make use of L.y testimonial in any way you like.—Yours truly, A, BURRIDGE. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in Bottles, is. 1 Ad. and 2s. 9d. or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor, GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. EADE'S GOUT & R

XaaIXEIIS A harmless and certain preventative for all the dangerous ailments attendant on the sex AT MIDDLE AGE. Prepared from the formula of a London consulting physician. Post free, I[2 and 2/10 per box. VEARING as CO., Don Chambers, Paradiee St., Liverpool.

RICHMOND'S '‘# DI STEMBER POWDERS FOR DOGS. TINS, 6d., 1 -, and 28. each. Postage 2d. Marvellous Results! Bend for Lists, J. H. RICHMOND, VETERINARY WORKS, CHORLEY,

FURNISH YOUR HOME TASTEFULLY AND SUBSTANTIALLY. • An inspection of our stock will convince jou that comfort and ' taste in the furnishing of your rooms need not necessarily men . extravagant outlay. OUR FURNITURE PLEASES THE EYE. All goods sold by us are manufactured in factories under our own control and supervision, from exclusive designs. We eau thus guarantee to our Customers a well made article of useful as well as artistic design and substantial manufacture. OUR PRICES SUIT THE POCKET. By controlling our manufactories we place the goods on the Market bearing one profit only—the goods going direct from us, the manufacturers, to our customer, the consumer—bearing only the one profit and not two or three as charged elsewhere. OUR EASY PAYMENTS SUIT YOUR INCOME Terms can be arranged RAILWAY FARE to suit convenieuca of customers. ALLOWED Ta COUNTRY Discount allowed for Cash. CUSTOMERS. Carriage Paid to all parts SEND OR CALL FOR CATALOGUE. We will send you Free, by poAl or you CAU have on Application, our large Illustrated Catalogue and Price List. It costs you nothing and will save YoU pounds. Gl.O EFC 110 1:41131 AS NH yl N G (J. R. GRANT, Proprietor), PEMBROKE PLACE, LIVERPOOL. GLASOCW-510 SAUCHIEHALL STREET. BELFAST-38 & 40 HIGH STREET. BLACKBURN—AINSWORTH STREET.
