===== 0002601_19090417_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
A GRAND CONCERT '4NGED BY MRS. JACKSON HOLM 7 OE THE ABOVE WILL BE UWE.. "-dIT (SATURDAY), APRIL 17TH. 4 JUL BOLD-STREET SCHOOLROOM. Chair to be taken at 7.30 by MRS. RYLANDS. pt,.,,___PROGRAMME INCLUDES : '1•410.-Q':IES AND DUETS FOR TWO PIANOS, POR VIOLIN AND *CELLO, CORNET blip* SOLOS AND SONGS. oitto"ing the Interval visitors are asked to kindly Ti2,lize the Circle Stall abd refreshments. 1,,:•1\1.2___25. reserved, Is.; gallery, ad. ‘WYAL COURT THEATRE, WARRINGTON. ItOPRIETOR MR. JOSEPH BEECHAM. 4Pktil.AL MANAGER: MR. A. M. LOADER. V.111)-s8ISTAlsrr MANAGER: MR. S. SMILEY. (?111R`',.1,- NEXT APRIL 19n1& DURING THE WEEK: `‘)SigiZRANR BATEMAN & -GEO CONQUEST'S IN THE WORLD-FAMOUS DRAMA I.IIY. PAtj-IE CRIMES OF PARIS" L MERRITT AND GEO. CONQUESTS. fr 6-45 p.m. Commence 7.30. Seats may be 10-30 and after 7.30. p.m. Tel. N. 460. TRE CHARMING COMIC OPERA _( = HE EMERALD ISLE." LMIISSION of Messrs. Chappell and Co, Ltd.) Will be performed by the - QPIELD AMATEUR OPERATIC SOCIETY

in PARR HALL. °II APRIL 28, 29,30 AND MAY IsT. 1909 Uhos AND THE 11.41v,,8 RECEIPTS WILL BE EQUALLY DIVIDED THE INFIRMARY AND NURSING ASSOCIATION. Pot .4 CHORUS OF OVER 75 PERFORMERS. 111'_4 ‘V 3_er particulars, see small bills. 11RINGTON ADULT SCHOOL

A SPECIAL PUBLIC MEEEING WILL BE HELD IN .THE seliooutoom, ACADEMY PLACE. krt.% SATURDAY NEXT, APRIL 24m. 4A:4I)WIN GILBERT, OF BIRMINGHAM, MR. -"IS DODDS AND OTHERS WILL SPEAK.

Chair will be taken at 7 o'clock by WORSHIP THE MAYOR. 14 ARE INVITED AND WELCOME. Ot- - 11: BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.

HORSE PARADE. Teresident :Sn GILBERT GREENALL, BART. _ tOtIC ANNUAL PARADE will be held by the eilt of bis Worship the Mayor, at the TOWN HALL, ON SATURDAY, MAY 22ND. ler Particulars can be had from A. H. CLIVE, Hon. Sec. 6, Egypt St., Warrington.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
tot' in roo,r-004. Bloog co(' • ft ;WO 3 6(1. r•

d lefe cooto is per iobi ad; 1'636 to is na for veal

JP, 0111 0 0 iI bo Iles°7oios ?.ep PO, uan tit°, II! q .00„( occasl Tv I,',j e sUr sold f' boivi OS ,ijog S out oe';o°

nts ',l"er •nril-p- 10 ej Best eicl: O.; 50gy r ley to

ER. A, 6' last f').fie'roPlo tteeo Ist "i:itie the ristto the bilr collet efv, :rt 4 011110 v t° be Byed , S °CIII,I )111.4 g •C 0100 rle t 15 _stree 114 s, ce, asl t tfif,Cl [ark(' P API

===== 0002601_19090417_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
TELEPHONE : 312, RIISHOL3IE.

A. HOLT,

55 Princess

ESTER,

TEETH TEETH

ETH ETH

HOURS: 10 TO 12; 2 TILL 8. SATURDAY 10 TILL C. Over 20 years with late J. H. Parkinson, City.

Rd., Moss Side, MANCHI _ T E 4W(ttitigt); I 141,tvtlyvv0b= T E 'UM s"

===== 0002601_19090417_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
AGBEL" RAZORS ARE THE ACME OF PERFECTION. SHEFFIELD MAKE, WARRANTED; POST FREE, 2s. 6D., 35., 4s. 6D. AND ss, 6D. J. G. DODD, 10, ST. JOHN'S LANE, LIVERPOOL. Made And Ground By English Labour. Local Agent; J. IineISWORTH, Market Hall,Warnegton

===== 0002601_19090417_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
STEPHEN MOSS & SONS LIMITED, SHOEING AND GENERAL SMITHS, ALL KINDS OF AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, STEAM, GAS, & OIL ENGINES SUPPLIED, FIXED AND REPAIRED, ALL KINDS OF WHEELS HOOPED. HOT WATER ENGINEERS, &c. WORKS: ACADEMY STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
AtosCare

LI Yriunedd

II H' 1----\'‘ ; i,ii , , ,4-----. 4 , .. ~L,,,,,i,,,,,,,T4,=_,, 1 11/ 1 ' ''...-e-' ' , 41 i 11 41,11011111iipp V 4 -----,-- ' .., •-.....-.._ --_- __ __. _ ---• UIA, , , _.'"--d N''• --, '..- . -,,,,p -4-1 1 it I!I - I , , I'l I 1 1 ~f/ -;,-,- ;17.....1,1 ' , ~„9-61-; i I - -, ' *".. k ' - i , .

===== 0002601_19090417_art0007.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'rel. No. 123.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
E.

Forshaw & Son, Ltd.,

ENGINEERS, BOILERMAKERS, IRON & BRASS FOUNDERS, Mersey Boiler Works, Mersey Street, Warrington. Makers of IRON CASTINGS from the smallest size up to 20 tons weight. Clean Well-moulded and of the Highest Quality. To buy the best finished castings is to frequently save 30 per cent. in labour. BRASS ASTINGS (any weight) ; Gunmetal, Copper, Aluminium, Phosphor Bronze, Damaxine, Acid Proof Metal and all other Alloys. CONSTRUCTIONAL IRON AND STEEL WORK, Corrugated Iron Roofs and Buildings, Farmers' Hay Sheds, Barns, Store Sheds, &c., Iron and Steel Tanks, Cisterns, Stoem Jacketteil Pans, Boilers, &c. Repairs by Experienced and Skilled Workmen to all kinds of Machinery and to Steam Boilers, Gas Engines, Traction Engines, Motor Cars, Dynamos, Steam Engines, Oil Engines, Road Rollers, Motor Waggons, Electric Motors. ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING. Speciality Work. Drawings and expert advice submitted free. Heavy Machining and Forging done for the trade. Turning up to 15 feet diameter. Planing up to 5 feet square. Slotting up to 18-inch stroke. Milling, Punching, Shearing and Bending, Pressing, Dishing, Fangling and Rivetting by hydraulic pressure. Unlimited Tackle and Special Appliances for efficiently dealing with Repairs and Breakdown work, accumulated during an establishment of 60 years.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
WADSWORTH'S,

SANKEY STREET, Warrington.

ESTABLISHED 60 YEARS (in Warrington).

Single Tunings - - 3/6 Contract Tunings - io/6

ONLY FACTORY-TRAINED WORKMEN EMPLOYED.

Tel. No. 123.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
WOMEN'S CHAT.

The Throne.—There may have been, and indeed was a time, when people in this country asked themselves whet was the use of a King and Royal Family,and when the answer which first suggested itself was, that their main use was to deliver us from something worse. But it is safe to say that since Queen Victoria came to the throne, it has been possible to suggest much more adequate reasons for their existenceamd if thequestion were asked to-day, few persons would experience any difficulty in supplying a satisfactory answer. The King more than justifies his office by his efforts to maintain the peace of Europe, which may one day preserve us honourably from a greet and terrible war, and further by the recognition—often worth more than a large sum of money—which he extends to so many good and meritorious causes. In this latter respect, his 'Majesty 3ei nobly seconded by the Queen, who, with tee Empress Marie of Russia, has been paying a succession of visits to the London hospitals and institutions. The members, of the Royal Family are net accustomed to consider their own convenience, when the opportunity offers, of assisting some enterprise that is calculated to promote the general welfare. • Royal Visit to the West.—The Prince and. Princess of Wales, who have rendered great service to the Empire •by their visits to our Colonies and independencies abroad, and have by their presence promoted the success of many important functions at home, are announced to make in June a motor tour of Devon and Cornwall, where they will certainly receive a most cordial wel- come. In the course of their thur, they will visit the Royal Cornwall Agricultural Show, at St.Colomb, and in so doing will not, only manifest their continued interest in an industry which the King and Prince of Wales have done much to foster, but will, no doubt, contribute very materially to the success, financially and otherwise, of a most useful enterprise. On Ghosts.—Mr. Elliot O'Donnell's lecture on the subject of ghosts should he of interest to many who declare that they have seen and believe in such visita- tions. As it is generally impossible to prove a negative, one can only accept their statements, but if spirits do at any time revisit the world; it is only reasonable to suppose that they even more than our- selvot, are under some control, and it is inconceivable that they would be permitted to appear solely for the purpose of frightening peop'e who have done them no harm. If there are these unlovely ghosts about, as Mr. Elliot O'Donnell, and many other people believe, belonging to a remote generation, then it would be interesting to know %hat is their opinion of some of our modern developments. Dreams.—Shakespeare hes much to say concerning • dreams, but none can tell us what they are or whence they come. Some time ago, a teacher of phychology soled a number of his women etudents to remember end record as far as possible, their dreams during a period of six nights. His object was to i scertain the causes and experiences which led to the dreams, whether they were recent or remote, but nothing very &finite seems to have been ascertained. There are characteristic dreams, which come to all habitual dreamers, such as picking up money, floating in the air, falling over a precipice, and the inability to run or escape from some immediate danger. If one is particularly afraid of firearms, spiders motor-cars or pews, these things will often find a place in our dreams, which have a %my of finding out our weaknese.es. But beyond the fact that these elusive wanderings of the unconscious brain are sometimes pleasant; and often very unpleasant, we know very little about dreams, which Shakespeare says, are "begot of nothing, but vain fantasy." In Memory of Sbakespeare.—Shakespeare was a parishioner of St. Saviour's Church—now Southwark Cathedral—on the South side of London Melee, for over fifteen yews; and fur the first time, the poet's con- nection with Southwark is to be recognised by a com- memorative service in the Cathedral on Shakespeare day—shakespeare's brother Edmund—an actor who resided at Bankside —was buried there. That was previous to the death of William Shakespeare on April 13, 1616, which euent many years afterwards was attributed by the Vicar of Stratford-en-Avon, to a merry meeting with Ben' Jenson, and Drayton. It was said that on this occasion Shakispeare drank too hard, and that the excess was primarily the cause of his death at the early age of fifty-two. Youthful Precocious Manners.—Other days, other manners. rills dictum finds an illustration in the t story of the bos s who, when told by the tobacconist that lie cOnld not be served with cigarettes owing to his being apparently under 16. replied "Oh, that's all right, I'll send father for them." The theory of education which taught children that they were not the most important ‘people in the world, seems to have disappeared long ago. Nowadays they are treated as such, and told as much. One often meets with them in railway travelling and not unfrequently fond parents have a way of conducting a lively conversation with a "young hopeful" in order to show other occupants of the carriage what a clever little boy be is. "Shots lag off" in this way is offensiue to people who are old-fashioned enough to think that little boys should be sem and not beard.

---Tl:e Early Morning Cup of Tea.—The medical journals are .ouce more up in arms against the early morning cup of tea, which, they tell us, may be harmful, when taken on an empty stomach. That, no doubt 13 the £950 in some instances, and if there is any feeling of after discomfort, the cup of tea should be discarded for the glass of plain hot water. Many of course, take nothing, but it is a very healthful practice to drink half a pint of hot water or weak tea, half an hour before breakfast. The belief that tea and coffee are bad for the nerves is a very old one, and in the reign of George I. an enterprising London grocer, advertised a cordial to counteract these effects. But, if. these beverages are properly made, the experience of most i people s much the same as Voltai cos who, when told that coffee was a poison, after he had drunk it con- stantly, for seventy years, remarked that it was at any rate" a slow one." American Fashions.—ThBre is an influential movement in the United States which demands that the fashion shall be American, and not Parisian. There has been a meeting of ell the leading dress de.signws, with the object of throwing off the foreign yoke and the move- ment has the &Wye support of Mts. Taft, the wae of the new President. Paris, however, laughs at this attempt to boycott her decrees, and it will probably be found in America as it has often been found in other countries, that patriotism is not the strong point of the woman of fashion. Summer Muffs. Florists will welcome the new muff, which so many fashionable women are carrying—end will carry, it is said, throughout the summer—built of airy-fairy fabrics to match the nook scarf, and bearing a cluster of flowers, either real or imitation. Needless to say real blooms and foliage are regarded as preferahle, but when imitation floe era are chosen, a little natural foliage apd a bloom or two, are generally tucked in among them. What .with the revival of the shower bouquet, and real roses in the hair at night, cossage knots of real flowers more in favour than ever by day, and the craze for natural flowers atid foliage in hats, said now muffs, the seasons should proro a-good ens for florists genersliv.

Dyed Lace.—The gold and silver laces so much in vogue during the winter months have almost dis- appeared, and their place has been taken by the dyed varieties. Occasionally a dyed lace, upon a fabric it matches precisely looks well, but usually the notion is a mistaken one. There is invariably a want of refine- ment about dyed lace, however skilfully manipulated, and we can only hope that the modistes who are " booming " it will speedily see the error of their ways. MADGE.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
PROOF.

ASSISTS DIGESTION

" Ha'ving used Mother Seigel's Syrup for over 20 years, I have no hesitation in strongly re- commending it. At the outset I had to fight persistent and obstinate attacks, but since then I have had no trouble whatever. The main thing is to take the • - "".tely indigestion One dose is then inchecked, more aired. I keep a Syrup always at sequently indiges- D terrors for me." Iford, 6i, Mans. cord, Essex. Nov. 25th, •

Syrup immet is suspected. ample. If doses are req bottle of the hand, and cons tion now has nt Walter de We 'led Road, WI

cc -.cnt and , .-• _...., out since then A —4.0 no trouble whatever. ./ ne main thing is to take the I. * _ ....;...... - - liately indigestion ~- 4.1 C.,. • 7'..4,,," One dose is then ~5:1:.4. v7,' unchecked, more - , ~, -44 aired. I keep a , 4.-'" -•.- 4.$ ..„ Syrup always at J-- 4.-.,?:tzi11.-,8.;-4(;:;!----4-:,-;;124--**"1"-- .- -• equently indiges- : P',"',e-- --:',.,,..NrA. -,...000014000: 4. v944:4, :. 4 _:..0. mi...oloisilito., tford, 6i, Mans- 11' orp*' liket..,,,,__ -.1,-.., ~..,_. „.„,,,,00:•:. ....,..........it L )rd, Essex. ,fir.,, • --. -- . ' PO" ..M: 'r' '''' • ' - Nov. 25th, 1908. lis.--71,,,7 • - .!:.:„ yore- ;)"'"7. 4 ...1.=, :,.. od- ...- -- . . ...: i....„44, ii...--e‘ < ....,', ~. • •/, .„11.- .. - ... _.,. 4,4, ~$.....?_. ... ..I,' .4, --24zett-z,.......t- , .-44-,..T,-,...-.:-.4. •-, ...,, . ,5.,,,,.:1.. •-.• -•' .....7.'L:.o7.'",:;.—litqt •,z6,..Nir.-e..-- -2-_."--::'-.:^ciei;•:-.-...,:-..:,..7-4 . - '

===== 0002601_19090417_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
WHAT IS TARIFF REFORM?

" Tariff Reform " is a proposed revolutionary change in our system of national taxation—a change that would affect, for better or for worse, every household in the kingdom. At present our Government imposes Tariff duties or taxes upon only a very small number of the com- modities imported into this countr3; from abroad. The chief commodities thus taxed are alcoholic drinks, tobacco, tea, coffee, sugar, and substances con- taining sugar. None of these commodities excepting alcoholic drinks is produced in this country ; and it is important to note that these drinks, when manufac- tured in this country, are taxed equally with those imported from abroad. • FREE TRADE v. TARIFF REFORM.

The merits of our present system by comparison with that of the Tariff Reformers are, firstly, that the whole of the money raised 11 these taxes goes into the National Exchequer; and, secondly, that the cost of collecting the taxes is comparatively small. Tariff Reformers, on the other hand, propose to put taxes on all commodities, whether food commodities or manufactured goods, that are brought into this country from abroad, subject to two exceptions or qualifications. Firstly, they say that no Tariff taxes are to be imposed upon raw materials for use in our manufactures. Secondly, that conunodities imported from our Colonies or other Dominions are either to be" admitted free or are to be taxed more lightly than those imported from foreign countries. Tariff Reformers argue that these proposals would have the following beneficial results : 1. Additional -revenue would be brought into the National Exchequer. 2. The importation of foreign manufactured goods into this country would be discouraged, thus pro- viding more employment for British labour. 3. The importation of foreign food commodities would be discouraged, thus stimulating the production of these commodities at home and in our Colonies. In , exchange for the benefit thus resulting to the Colonies, it is expected that they would give a " preference " to our manylacturel by imposing lower Tariff duties upon these than upon foreign manufactures. The minimum Tariff Taxes proposed by Tariff Reformers upon commodities imported into this country are 5 per cent. upon food, and 10 or 15 per cent. upon manufactured goods. But there is no unanimity or official support of the Tariff Reform League regarding percentages. Plainly, the most important of these proposed taxes are the taxes upon imported food. Tariff Reformers maintain that food taxes at the rate of 5 per cent. upon imported corn and meat, being only Is. on each sovereign's worth, would not make food any dearer to the consumer because the foreigri growers of the food commodities would sell them 5 per cent. more'cheaply for fear of losing the British market. .

===== 0002601_19090417_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FUNDAMENTAL ERROR.

Actual experience of food taxation, however, both in this country and abroad, has cqpclusively proved that these anticipations of the Tariff Reformers are entirely mistiken. One of the ablest Conservative Chancellors of the Exchequer, Sir Michael Hicks-Beach (now Lord St. Aldwyn), believed at one time that a tax of is. per 4801 b. on imported corn would not make flour any dearer to the consumer. Afterwards he frankly confessed that he found himself mistaken ; for, in fact, corn became is. dearer immediately the tat was imposed, and later, when the tax was taken off, corn immediately became is. cheaper. Again, in Germany and other countries which have had experience of food taxes, it has been found that food prices rose by at least the amount of the taxes, and sometimes more than that. For example, at the beginning of August, 1908, the price of wheat in Lon- don *as 31s. 14 for 48011). In Berlin at the same time wheat of the same quality was 435. Bd. for 4801 b. or us. 10d. dearer; and 1 ls. 10d. was the precise amount of the German tax. Two months afterwards, in the middle of October, the London price was 31s. 21, and the 'Berlin price 445., being 12s. 10d. dearer, or actually Is. more than the amount of the German tax. British agriculturists laugh at the notion that food taxation would not raise prices. The very purpose and intention of the taxation is to raise prices—otherwise, the Tariff Taxes would be no 'encouragement to the growing of British corn. _ -

It sho—uld be clearly understood that tho proposal of Tariff Reformers is to impose the 5 per cent. Tariff taxation on all kinds of imported food. Mr. - Joseph Chamberlain at first proposed that no Tariff duties should be put upon imported maize nor upon bacon, because British farmers need maize at its cheapest as food for their animals,and because imported bacon is an important food of the poorest working people, Mr. Chamberlain thus admitting, by implication, that duties do enhance prices. Now, however, practically all Tariff Reformers are agreed that the 5 per cent. Tariff must fall on all food commodities alike. EFFECT OF FOOD TAXES ABROAD.

Let us remember also that the food taxes impostd by foreign Governments on their imports of food com- modities were small at first. and were afterwards made much heavier, on account of the complaints of the agriculturist that the small taxes did not sufficiently compensate them for the increase in the cost of living caused to them by the 'Protection Tariff system. Foreign experience is a surer guide as to what we May expect than are the promises made by our Tariff Reformers at present, when they are striving their best to render their proposals attractive to the masses of the people. Even now, British farmers declare that the 5 per cent. tax on wheat Will not be nearly enough to enable them to grow wheat against foreign and Colonial competition. The earnings of the farmers, we must remember, will be reduced hr the increased cost of feeding their animals, consequent on the taxatiOn of imported feeding stuffs and agricultural machinery, and they will, therefore, clamour for compensation in other directions. PRODUCERS FIGHT CONSUMERS.

In fact, as we see from the example of other countries, the only Ultimate limit to the weight of the food taxation will be the result of the perpetual struggle between landowners and farmer on the one hand to force the taxes higher, and of the consnmers on the other hand to keep them down. As it is more difficult for consumers to combine than for producers, the result of the struggle can only be in favour of the latter.

In this serif.rs of specially written articles, we purpose answering the various. arguments used by advo- cates ef Tariff Reform.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
PRACTICAL POULTRY FARMING.

[-By Redcap.] ACCOMMODATION AND HOUSING.

Many people after the perusal of a poultry appliance .catalogue, ask. themselves : Why such a _ .

variety of houses? Are they necessary?

And will

Lot one class of house do as well as another?

It is My intention in this article to explain why such a variety is necessary to accord with the accom- modation at your disposal. If y.ou.get the "'Hen Fever " thoroughly, depend upon it you will keep poultry' somewhere. It is most interesting to relate that ninny leading poultry fanciers in their Young days, and even in_their later days, have kept their birds under -peculiar and adverse circumstances. I am irnpleasantly remindedpf serious trouble on one occasion through utilising a back bedroom as tem- porary roosting quarters for a trio of Bantams I had purchased. This was being done quite secretly, but my pets let the " eat out of the bag" by perching not on the place provided for them, but on a pot of marmalade which eventually gave way under, the bidden and came with a terrible thud on the room floor. Investigation by my wife soon ended in a' speedy removal, and they had to be put up for the night in a washing-tub. After such an experience I strongly recommend my readers always to fix up ample accommodation before purchasing stock. Whatever your accommodation mafbe, whether it is that you are .a farmer with unlimited aredor whether you are a suburban dweller with not much land, or if it is your lot that you reside in the thickly populated part of a town with only a back-yard as your poultry run, all are catered for as far as poultry house construction goes.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FARMER'S POULTRY HOUSE.

It very much depends vrhat-line of poultry farming he takes up. If it is mainly for egg .production, and he can place a meadow at the entire disposal of his stock, then I should recommend moveable poultry houses. This class of house is built both on wheels and on sledges with space underneath for the fowls to run under during inclement weather: I give prefer- ence to the sledge house, because a warmer shelter is obtained seeing that the sides and one end of the house are boarded right down to the ground. This is not so with the.house built on wheels. It cannot be, because sufficient clearance from the ground has to be allowed for easy navigation. Thus while you have a shelter from the rain you have not from rough winds, and the conse- quence is that the fowls, seek shelter in the sleeping compartment and this is very undesirable for the best results. If the shelter is both warm and dry, as it would be providing the sledge house were used, your fowls would be kept at exercise while sheltering, by scratching in the dry earth underneath the house and also having a necessary dust 'bath at the same time. By adopting this system the birds would- rarely visit the sleeping quarters except to lay, until the sun went down.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
PERMANENT POULTRY' RUNS,

Should the farmer decide that a certain position be used as a permanent run, then I should recommend a double run system. This could be best explained by diagram, but space will not allow so I will do my best to make it clear. The double run is obtained by dividing a piece of ground into two sections, each run being accessible to fhe fowls from the same house. This system is a good one, as one run is always resting and being sweetened by the weathei, while the other is occupied. The most suitable hous6' when this plan is adopted is what is known as the

SCRATCHING SHED and poultry house combined. These are built so as to provide a well-ventilated roosting house and a roomy scratching shed combined- under the one roof, and if these sheds are provided With a good deep layer of litter on the floor they keep your birds at exercise when not in the open run. This class of poultry house is the very best accommodation for poultry in a limited run. Nothing can be worse for your stock than if kept in a run where no shelter is available except the roosting place, for if the weather is bad they get tired of huddling together on the perches and mope about in the wet, all this tending 'to reduce vitality and encourage disease. It is absolutely indis- penseble for succesSful poultry farming that your fowls should hrrve at least one dry corner to scratch in when the weather is bad.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
SUBURBAN PITNS

If it were not that the suburban poultry run is limited in space; I should have recommended the scratching shed system here. - However, the class of house best suited for this accommodation is one built on the same lines as the farmer's sledge house, but with a greater capacity underneath the roosting com- partment,- this being used as shelter and scratching shed combined, and right well doe 3 it answer its purpose,providing the proper number of fowls are kept. If an ordinary fowl house has been in use without scratching accommodation you may easily arrdnge this either by raising the house 18 inches from the ground or by extending the roof about six feet according to the ntunber of fowls kept, and seeing that your run is- not so extensive as the farmer's it should be boarded all round two feet from the ground. This not only adds to a better appearance but breaks the cold winds, for you must remember that a few birds kept in confinement have not the same chance of keeping themselves warni as others on a free range.

BACK-YARD ACCOMMODATION.

When your space ,is beyond say ]2 yards by about 6 yards, I should,class you under the same conditions as the suburban poultry farmer, unless more than one pen were to be used, and even then complete covering in would be necessary in such a confuted area. But let me supppse for, the moment that it is your inten- tion to keep one pen of utility birds to supply you with eggs for your own household consumption, and the space at your disposal is under the dimensions already mentioned, as the majority of town back-yards are, and very often much less. In this case it is advisable to have your run entirely covered in, so that perfect cleanliness can be obtained. It is inipos;ible to keep a small run in Iroper condition unless it is covered in.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
(To be continued)

QUERIES,

CON7ITANT READER asks: In mating up a breeding pen of minorcaS how -many hens may I put with one male bird? 'and how long must I wait before saving the eggs .for sitting? ANSWiNt :—Seven hens are sufficient to one male bird if you expect good Strong progeny; but I would advise you to purchase a reserve cocker el to introduce into your pen late on in the breeding season. Providing the hens have not been previously mated this season, • you may save the eggs for sitting in about seven days. They should in that time, have got .quite settled . down Mad. sufficiently fertilised. . .

NOVICE wants to know of a good substitute for green food, as he -finds at present a great scarcity? ANSWER :—One of the best substitutes aro ordinary farm-grown marigolds. Get a good-sized one and cut it in halves. Place same in the cleanest part of your pen. You will soon find how greedily it will be devoured by your, fowls. You should have no diffi- culty in purchasing sufficient from almost any farmer at this time of the year to last you until other green food is obtainable. The following is also a good method of supplying your birds with natural green food. Get an ordinary 'seed potato box and fill with good rich soil; then sow grass and clover seeds. Make' firm and cover the top tightly over with small' mesh wire netting to keep the birds from scratching it up. When grown about one-and-a-half inches high place the box in your- poultry run to. bf eaten off. Several boxes thus prepared and sown at intervals will keep your fowls constantly supplied, and will also prove a real dainty for them.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
Sale of Horses at Walton Hall.

Mr. W. Bainbridge conducted a sale of pedigree. hackneys and hackney, ponies, the property of Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart., at Walton Hall, Warrington, on Wednesday. Thirty-two -animals realised 1,740 guineas. Amon.- the list. of the purchasers and the prices --obtained' were :—Yearling Hackney Colts: Terrington Semaphore, Mr. Montgomery, - Castle Dcrlglas„ 30gs. ; Terrington Henchman, Mr, Ball, Warrington, 28gs. ; Terrington Privateer, Lord Ashtown, Galway, 20gs. Yearling Pony Colts:- Tissington Ricochet, Mr. Ainsworth, Liverpool, 26g5.; Tissington. Keeper, Mr. Cousins, Lancaster, 14gs. Hackney Mares: Terrington Prima , Donna, Lord ..A.shtown, 70gs. ; Tcrrington 'Digit, Mr. J. Kerr' Rickmansworth, 310 gs. Pony Mares : Tissington Calypso, Mr. Caleb Jones, Sheffield, 60gs. ; Tissington Ripple, Mr. Doyle, Streatham, London, 68s. Yearling Hackney Fillies: Terrington Creole, Miss- Langworthy, 175 gs. Yearling Pony Fillies : Tissington Mr. Owen B. Lloyd, Abergele, 25gs.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
EASTER 3[3 VESTRY MEETINGS. j

WARRINGTON PARISH CHURCH.

A new departure was made by the holding of this vestry meeting at noon on Tuesday instead of in the evening. The Rector (Rev. Canon Willis) explained that it was at his suggestion that. the meeting had been hold in the evening for some years past, in order that everyone might have an opportunity- of voting, but the arrangement had not work•A satisfactorily of late and a change was therefore decided upon. The proceedings took Owe in the Fairft,Ad.schools, the Rector presiding over a good attEndance, which included the Revs. T. W. Barber, T. A. J. Ridpath and A. J. Brett, Councillor J. G. °calk (Rector's warden), Mr. Sarnuil Taylor (people's wsrde,i),.and Mr. E. A. White (vestry cleik).

===== 0002601_19090417_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ACCOUNTS.

Mr. S. Taylor, in presenting the statement of accounts, s .icl they might congratulate themselves upon again having a credit balance. The income, including a balance of £9 18s. 11d, brought fora ard from last year, was £676 13s. Bd. The amount of the general offertories for church expenses was £297 I Is. 2d., and special offertories for hospitals, inAitu- tions, &c., £259 IGs. 11d. The church expenses for the year totalled £394 Os. id. The amount devoted to sick and poor fund and charities was £75 is. 3d., to the assistant clergy, Church Society, Sunday and day schools, hospital and nursing association, te:nperance an I other societies' Rector's Easter offering, &c., 19s. Bd. There was a balance in band en the year's working of £6 12s. Scl. If it were not for the receipts from the parochial tea and sale of work and sundry other sources, they would fall far :Aloft of the amount required to cover the exnenses of the church, so that although they had a credit balarce they must not boast of being "fish "with money. On the whole, howo,er, they had reason to be proud of their position and of the fact that the work of the church was running so smoothly and successfully. On the motion of Mr. G. W. Brown, seconded by Mr. E. Isherwood, the accounts were adopted.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTION, OF OFFICERS.

The Rector said be bad the grfatest pleasure and satisfaction in again nominating Mr. Craik t) serve as _ _ _ _

his warden. Ali: Craik had filled the office for many yews and, as ho ithe Rector) had frequently said—and he felt it deeply—he g two as much sltisfa3tion to every- body in the par,sh as he did to him (the Rector). On the prposition of Mr. E. Isherwood, seconded by Mr. W. Rogers, Mr. Samuel Taylor was unanimously re-elected people's ward( n.

CouncillOr "Craik nominated Mr. Ernest Atkin to serve as his sidesmsn and Mr. Taylor nominated Mr. James Wood. Other sidesmen were re-elected as follows :—Messrs. Robert W. Antwiss, G. W. Brown, Robert Collin, R. T. Harding, E. Isherwood, Jadies T. Locker, F. 0. Taylor, and Willi2.m Watson; St. George's Mission, Mr. Thomas Everall ; St. Clement's Mission, Mr. C. Gandy. The following officers were re-elected :—Lay representatives, Colonel J. D. Buckton and Mr. James Wood; vestry clerk, Mr. E. A. White; auditors, Messrs. P. C. Price and J. T. Whiffle.

TilE RECTOR'S ADDRESS.

The .Rector, after announcing that the Archdeacon I would hold his visitation for the admission of church- wardens and sidesmon on My sth, said he was glad to state that only £75 more was neeied for the com- pletion of their payments for the extension of St. George's Mission. They owed a great debt of gratittlie to Mr. Richard Harding for the kindness with which he bad met them in the matter. At St. Clement's Mission they had balances in hand of £4O on the current account and-£9l on the building fund. With regard to the Parish Church, the Diocesan surveyor paid a visit of inspection the other day and expressed the hope that the chancel would very shortly be repaired. They had a repair fund of £6O and part of the proceeds of the parochial sale was allocated to that purpose, and the matter was one which they ought carefully to consider. The Bishop had kindly promised to dedicate the inemorial screen at the west end of the church on the eve of All Saints' Day, October 31st. He (the Rector) wished to thank very sincerely all who had contributed to the memorial. They had reason to be thankf:4l for the large congregations they had all through Lent and Holy Week and on Easter Day, the communicants on Easter Day nnmber- ing 851. Owing to the kindness of Colonel Ireland- Illackburne, they had acquired another site for a church and vicarage at the Orford end of the parish which would probably at some time be divided into a separate parish. That was the fourth site the Colonel had given them. The Church Institute was going on most satis- factorily Some £6OO had been raised but there VMS still a deficit of £l2O. The matter of school accommo- dation was a pressing one. Extensions had just been made to the National Schools, Church-strict, and important questions were pending at Fairfield. The Government had condemned the Smith-street school on , various grounds and the managers now bad before.them two schemes ohe being to purchase land adjoining,and I alter the schools to meet the Government requirements. The proposal which commended itself more strongly, although no:fi'ng definite bad been done, was to move

from he present site and build a new.girls' school, because they had perfect faith, notwithstanding all dis- couragcmentg, that they were doing their duty in building excellent day schools on their property in Church-street pnd Ellesmere-street. The Rector then

thanked the congregation for their Easter offering. "I have something to say, " h conqiuied " but the time has not yet come when I can say it. When the time comes you will see hoav deeply I have valued your kindness."

===== 0002601_19090417_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
S. ANN'S CHURCH.

The annual vestry meeting of the above church was held on Tuesday evening. The Vic at (Rev. James Davies) presided. The vestry clerk (Mr. Armstrong) and Mr. Winter (vicar's warden) were also present.- -The Vicar said that before the business was proceeded with, he wished to acknowledge the services rendered by the church officers, members of the choir, choir- master, Sunday school teachers, district visitors and other workere during the past 12 montbs.—The Vicar again nominated Mr. Winter to act as his warden.---.-Mr. Winter said he had great pie Isure in proposing Mr. Corbett as people's warden.—Mr. Goodwin seconded and the proposition was carried.----Messis. G. Armstrong, 11. H. Bretherton, J. Bunch, J. E. Goodwin, C. A. Lea, J. E. Harrison, A. Owen, F. Taylor. and W. Thomas were elected sidesmen —The Messrs. G. Armstrong and H. H. Bretherton were re-appointed as lay representatives.—The Vicar com- mented on the Ruri-dec-an,g and diocesan conferences and raid that lay represlmtatives had not vf ry much power it them, but they could, however, voice the people's sentiments and sometimes go as far as voting upon certain matters. He believed that if more use was made of the conferences in considering and voting upon important church topics it would be far better for the church on the whole. If the question of education had been alluded to at the different conferences, they would have obtained information not only from the clergy but from the laity. He spoke with all due respect to the Archbishop and the Bishops, but if that had been done he did- not -believe that tLe Archbishop would have gone so far with rewect to the negotiations with Mr. Runcirnan.—Mr. Winter presented the accounts which showed a balance in band of £2 us. Old. The balance brought forward from Easter, 190, was £lO Ss. 90. The general offertory amounted to £57 Os. 10., and special offertory to £27 17e. Gd. Mr. Winter stated that judging from the average number of coirs each Sunday the attendance had slightly decreased.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
HOLY TRINITY CHURCH.

The annual Easter-testry meeting was held at this church on Tuesday evening. the Vicar (Rev. E. C. E. Carleton) presiding. " There were arso Present :=Messre, W. Gill and W. Shirlew (wardens), J. Harding. E. Dyke. H. Ferguson, J. Hesketh, I'. Welsby, A. Walsh, W. W. Leigh, L. R. Rowson (sidesmen), J. A. Westcott, B. Randall and 0. F. F. Wh to (vestry clerk).—Mr. Gill, in presenting the accounts' said they commenced the year, with a balance in hand of .£2 7s. 4d. The total offer- tories had been less by £3B than last year, the special offertories. showing a decrease fof over £23. The accounts bad been closed a week earlier than usual to enable them te be made up. The result was that the Good Eriday and Easter Day collections were not included, and the year was one Sunday shorter than. usual. Last year's recounts also included .£33 raised by a special appeal for the repair fund. The total receipts amounted -to £236 I3s. Dd. and the expenditure including £36 put to the repair fund, totalled £293 12s. sd. leaving a balance in hand of £3 Is. 4d. He thought they would all agree that Was very satisfactory. On the proposition of Mr. Hesketh seconded by Mr. Dyke, the accounts were adopted.—The Vicar said they had bad a very good year, and thanks were due to the wariens, officers and congregation. He did not think they could have been better served than they had been during the last few veers. He had great pleasure in again nominating Mr. Gill as his warden.— Mr. Shirlaw was re-elected people's warden on the pro- p million of Mr. Hesketh, seconded by Mr. Welsby.—Mr. Gill re-appointed Mr. Ferguson as his sidesman. and Mr. Shirtaw re-appointed Mr. Welsby.—Messrs. James Harding, Jams Bewcock, E. Dyke, William Gandy, William Johnson, J. Gerrard, 0. Gill, John Hesketh, Joseph Hesketh, J. Hignett, T. Hunt, H. Milling, J. Pickles' E. Rose, Abe Walsh, T. Emmett, L. R. Rowscn, W. W. Leigh, were also re-elected sidesmen with the addition of Mr. T. Davies and Mr. W. D. Jeans,jun.—Messrs. Hesketh and Rose were re-appointed lay representatives, Mr. G. F. F. White vestry cierk,and Mr. H. W. Naylor, auditor.—The Vicar proposed a"Vot e of thanks to the wardens, officers, organist, choirmaster and choir for their services. With regard to the choir, he could assure them that they had the entire apprecia- tion of the congregation. The year altogether had been a most agreeable and, he considered, successful one' and he felt sure that the coming twelve months would show as good a record as preceding ones.—Mr. Shirlaw seconded, and the vote was cordially passe'.—Mr. Gill, responding, said they were a very happy family. In the coming year a good deal of money would have to be raised, and the wardens would want as much assist- ance as possible.—Mr. Shirlaw and Mr. Westcott also replied.—The Vicar thanked all present individually and collectively, and through them the congregation, for the kindness shown to his family in the handsome

wedding presents they bad been good enough to send to his two sons. Mrs. Carleton and himself had been much touched by them.

ST. PETER'S CHURCH.

The annual vestry meeting was held in the St. Peter's vestry on Wednesday evening. Th 3 Re v.B.Perc ival presided over a good attendance —NIr. T. S. Steel (people's warden) in presenting the b &ince sheet said the receipts for the year were £2u2 17s. 12d., which included contributions from the sale of work, .216 ; grant from proceeds of Pero ;hie! tea party, £5 ; (col- lections for special objecte, 2102 lle. 9d. ; and collec- tions for church expenses, £74 133. 71d. The expendi- ture for the year was £177 7s. 11d., which included special collections for the Church Missionary Society, £l4 Hs. 7d. ; Church Pastoral Aid, £lB 15s. 81d. ; Sick and Poor £l2 ls. 71d. ; Sunday School Anniversary. £7 Gs. GI • Warrington Infirmary, £7 12s. 21. ; Vicar's Easter offering, LIE 3s. 4d. ; Church of Englao•l Waifs and Strays Society, £3 143. 3d. There was balance in hand of £25 9s. *-1. and bills amounting to .£3l 85.0 d., to be paid, which m nle an adverse balance of £8 IBs. 9,1-• d. That showed that the finances of the church were in a very satisfactory condit'on. lie Ind been making some com- parisons with last, 3err and he found that they had received 20 from the tea party, where-is they only had £5 this year. This year they had collected 17s. Bd. more for sneeial objects and their chureh income last year was £B3 Hs. 4d., as against £74 13s. 71(1. They were deli elated to know that this year they had offered to their Vicar more, he thought, than on any other occasion. La,t year they offered him 19 2s. Dd. ; this year they had increased it by .£2 Os. 7d. The CHAIR:4NX congritulated the churehwardens on the excellent balance-sheet they had placed before them. He thought that a church progressed in proportion as it thought of outside things. If they became narrow- minded and thought only of themselves they became compressed and as a consequence they did not got mach. They had never yet suffered in their income through giving to outside ob'ects. Whatevar ney did was nothing in comparison to what they received. The Chairman regretted to say that Mr. Balmferth did notsee his way to stand as church warien this year. He had held the position for 13 year; and had been quite en ideal churc'awarden. Ife (the vicar) had never had one single month's uneasiness since Mr. Balmferth had been churchwarden. The rev. gentlemaa nominated Councillor Steel to be his warden, for he had done excellent work as people's warden during the last two years. Mr. T. Reddish proposed Ceuncillor F. D. -Lashforl as people's warden, tie thouglt he was one fitted for the pest. • Mr. Wmtislavr seconde 1.

Councillor Lashford in thanking them for Ilia appointment said he.wauld endeavour to do his very best in honesty and truth fuloe:s. Mr. Balmforth also replied to the kinl words Vaich had been spoken of him. Councillor Steel nominated Mr. Stanley as it's sides. man, and Councillor Lashford nominated Mr. Keys.— The Vioar elected as his sidemen, Messrs. Joseph Tai ylor, John Cowdell, Robert Knight, J. J. Hands, James Taylor, Ernest Clayton and Joseph Bamfmth. The vestry appointed as sic:lest-nen, Messrs. Tilomas Reddish, Peter Edg Ir, George Greives, Robert Bourneville, W. Berrey, Fred Webster and T. Wratislaw. Mr. P. Edgar and Mr. Kaye were appointed lay representatives.

The Vicar thanked all the church officers, siclesmen, lay'roprescntatives, org:mist and choir. 'lie said they had ail forved him well. He also thanked Captain Lund and the Rev. J. IL Garnett for thoir services in connection with the Church Army. Mr. Bamforth prvosed a vote of thanks to the Chairman and this was seconded by Counaillor Steel.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. BARNABAS' C

The ordinal vestry m-eting of the above church was held on Thursday evening. The Vicar (R.v. J. H. G. Hollingworth) presided, end the Rev. .T. W.Glendenning (curate) was also present. The election of officers was im nediately preceede 1 with:Me Vicar again nominated Mr. Evans as his warden and Mr. C. Skinner was re elected people's w irden, on the preposition of Mr. Westwell seconded by Mr. Lester.—Mr. Wes:Avell in proposing said that Mr. Skinner's past year's work had been vary satisfactory on he had been a worthy- successor of Mr. Pond. He had executed his duties with great credit. Referring to peoples' wardens, the proposer thought that they should not hold those pos i tions for a lengthy period but should relinquish them after two or three years so that the honours might go round.—Mr. Skinner in replying, said the duties hni been very agreeable and so far bona being onerous, had pressed vary lightly upon him. He was much obliged fur the fresh manifestation of confidence and hoped still further to show in the ensuing term that. he was not altogether unworthy of the post.'(Hear,hear.) It was unanimously agreed to appoint twelve sidesmen instead of ten as in previous years. The following were unanimously elected:—Mesrrs. W. Boyle, B. Dimelow, W. Turner, T. J. romkins, T. A. Jones F. Kimberley, H. Atherton, F. B. Hamer, W. Lester. j. E. Morgin, J. F. Waring, and H. V. Mayhew.—Mr. E• Evans and Mr. C. Skinnerwere, unanimously elected lay representatives for, the ensuing year, on the motion of Mr. Lester, seconded by Mr. Mayhew. Mr. Evans then presanted the accounts which showed a ha!ance in haxid cf £1 9s. 91. The receipts were £136 195., and the expenditure £135 9s. 3d. The Hospital Sunday collection bed increased by 10s. over the previous year. He thought the church was progressing and it was pleasing to note the great interest taken in the church by the parishioners.—The accounts were passed. —Mr. Lester moved that the balance-sheet be printed and distributed among the parishioners and also placed in the pews in the church. It would be of great interest to them.—Mr. Westwell said he saw no reason ! why the balance sheet should be printed. ,He thought that the auditors could be tiusted.— The matter was put to the meeting and five voted in favour of th, proposition and seven against.—The Vicar in proposing a vote of thanks to the officers and workers, said they bad certainly executed their work in a perfectly loyal way. That was his (the vicar's) tenth vestry meeting there and he lett' never teen the meet- ing so largely attended before. Mutual loyalty was an absolute necessity to a church. A vote of thanks to the Vicar for presiding concluded the meeting.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. PAUL'S.

The annual vestry meting was held on Thursday evening th 9 Vicar (Rev. W. Ifracecarnp) presiding over a hirge attendance which included the Revs. E.E.Peters and J. H. Bankes. (curates), Mr. J. H. Smethurst (vicar's w.irden) and Air. J. Rigby (people's warden).

===== 0002601_19090417_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ACCOUNTS,

Mr. Rigby presented the statement of accounts which showed that the year begin with advei so kalances of £lO 155.3:4' on the generaraccount, £B5 168. Bd., on the endowment fund and £193 7s. 11d, on the restora- tion fund. At present the inlebtedness was .29 Gs. 4d., on the generil aceount and .241 ss. 4d., on the restora• tion fund, and therefore £212 had been wiped off during the year. The offertories totalled £337 19s. 3d., and numerous special objects were contributed to. On the motion of Mr. 11. P. Greenough, seconded by Mr. Bennett, the accounts were passed ; the Vicar remsrking that they hoped to be able to do better next year as they would not have the Lame millstones about their necks. It was not their intention to do anything more with the endowment fund at present and they hoped to clear off the dcficit on the restoration fund by the sale of work.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
THE VESTRY CLERK.

The Vicar said he had r,ceived a letter from Mr. W. D. Jeans resigning the position of vestry clerk which he had held for thirty-six years. 'They all regretted to hear the news, as Mr. Jeans had been so faithful in the discharge of lijs duties. On the pioposition of Mr. Greenough, smonded by Mr. 11. Collin, a vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Jeans for his past serv:Ces, The Vicar intimated that Mr. W. D. Jeans, jun., had kindly signified his willingness to succeed . his father in office mil he was unanimotply appointed.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
THE YEAR'S \\*OliK.

The Vicar said they must all be gratified with the year's work but it should not be forgotten that .etich year it became increat•ingly diffi- cult to raise money to carry on the various organisations. He wished something could be done to raise money by other effor!s than by tho annual sale, -because all the work—and it was very hard work—fell on the few, and some membori of the congreption gob off very lightly. He wished the free-will offering scheme could be adopted and then each person in Vie congregation would ho able to boar a portion of the burden. Ho was sorry to report that they could not get a grant for the assistant clergy fund. They seemed to be p malisad because the balance sheet each year was so satisfactory but he would point out that it was not what • they collected but whtt they had to do with the money. He wished to acknow- ledge publicly the services of his two colleagues, than whom more loyal and devoted workers could not be found, and also to thank all the officers and workers. He was encouraged to see so many communicants. on Easter Day, the number being 583.

ELECTION OF OFFICERS.

The Vicar ap,ain nominated Mr. J. H. Srnethnrst as his warden and Mr. J. Rigby was re-elected people's warden on the proposition of Mr. Greenough, .seconded by Mr. Houghton. _ _ -

Mr. Smethurst nominator' Mr. F. C4.l3enrett as his sidesman and Mr. Rigby nominated Mr. Collin. Other sidesrren were elected as follows :

Messrs. J. Hayes, W. H. Thompson' J. Pennington, H. L. Clarko, H. Flood, W. Woodcock, 11. F. Greenough, J. Hankinson, J. Lawton, J. W. Parker, E. Powell, John Wainwright, A. C. Bink.s, 'R. Hosker, 11. Broadhurst, Thomas Locker W. Flood, T. Seed, S. Bailey, H. B. Houghton, E. Andrews, E. White, J. H. J. Hampson, T. Atherton, T. Armstrong, Sergeant-Major Ingram, R. Finney and James Houghton. All Saints' Mission : Messrs. Baker, Boyle, Garner, Perks, Addist,n and Kenn-right.

Messrs. A. J. Jolley and W. Richardson were re-elected lay representatives and Mr. Jams Houghton, auditor.

THANKS.

A vote of thanks was accorded to all the officers on the proposition of the Rev. E.E.Peters seconded by the Rev. J. H. Bankes.

Mr. J. EL Smethurst responded and said that thanks to the manner in which Mr. Bankes was carrying on his work, the financial side of All Saints' Mission was never more prosperocs. They had had a record

LINSEED COMPOUND 'for Coughs and Colds. Of roven efficacy. Did. ls.lid. Of Chemists only:—Advt.

'amount of collections £2O 10s. 10d. there was a balance in hand of £2 les. 10u• With regard to the mother church, Mr. Smethurl urged the importance of supporting the clergy fun and said every effort would be put forth to obtain grant. The fund had not only to provide the EalarY " the additional clergy but they hal also undertaken to see that the stipend of the Vicar raached £4OO per annual. This year they bad to provide £2,5 6s. Bd. from the fenci for the latter purpose. He hoped a really tubstantial fund would be raised by free-will offt!rings or sonic other meang. A vote of thanks to the Vicar concluded the mestiag•

ST. JAMES' LATCHFORD.

—•----- The annual vestry meeting was held on Thursday evening and was well attended. The Vicar (Rev. ELI; Firth) presided and was supported by tie Revs. H. ri• Corsble and E. M. Swift (curates). Ths accounts w?r° presented and considered satisfactory. The followfaj officers were elected :—Vicar's Warden, Mr. J. r' Foster ; people's wardal, Mr. 'William EckersleY ; mission wardens, Messrs. A. Ratlibone and E. Leigh ; sidesinen, Messrs. Astley, Acton, Blythe, Cartwright, Fargher, Firmstone, J. Grounds, Warburton, S. Barges', Rigby and John Eekersley ; lay reprelentativts,MessrF• C. S. Burgess end W. H. Stansfield. Votes of thanks were passed to the offices for -heir services during the past year.

ST. LUKE'S.

The annitil vestry meeting was held on Thursd39 evening, the Vicar (Rev. E. C. E. Carleton) pres'ding, There were present :—Messrs. Jackson, Olddeld, Tat' Horrobin, Cawley, Armstrong and Dsan.—The church- warden's accounts as audited were passed.—Messrs: Jackson and Olcifisld were appointed warden' and Mr. Jackson tremurer.—Mr. Jackson appcinted Mr. Toft as sidesnian, and Mr. Oldfield appointed Mr. J. Peers. The following additional sides' men were elected :—Mcssrs. Dean, Ellison, SV.fir" button, C.iwley, A raistrong, Taylor, Hewitt, Masey and Baker.—Messrs. H. H. Ashcroft sucl, Houghton were appointed auditots.—Votest of thatih' were accorded to Mr. William Johnson for defraYlPg the cost of decorating the church, Mrs. Stapleton for the gift of a frontal for the church, Mr 3. Clrleton in! help with regArd to the drapery, Messrs. Jac t son an,' Oldtield for their offer to provide a 03E0 for Praler Books and Mr. Baker for his kindness in allowing the use of his capboard.—Alderman W. J. Forsilaw is"6' appointed vestry clerk.—On the proposition of 06 Vi.car a vote of thanks wa3 passed to the wardens, sidesmen, choir and Sunday schnol teachers.—A vote ot thanks to the Chairman concluded thameeting.

ST. THOMAS' CHURCH, STOCKTON HEATH. The annual vestry meeting of the St, Thomas' Church was held on Tuesday at Loon in the vestry of tte church- The Rev. James Cullins presided and there were present : —Messrs. F. Pearson, John T. Lee,J. H. Clarke W. Mclntyre, F. Rose, T. Sharrocks, W. H. Brady, J. 1:Cr• Crossley, J. A. Mac Gregor and Spencer (sexton).- Leo in presenting thetreasurer's report said the receipt were £337 is. 5d., which included general offertors; £217 7s. 7d., diocesan charities, £5 14s: 5d., House a Mercy, £4 35., Hospital Sunday, £l4 3s. 4d., offortorie, for siok and poor, .e 53 19s. ld.,grant from the Parecbia,' Committee, £24 7a. There was a balance at the bank 0' ..£l. las. 7d., and the balance due to the church- wardens was £l5 Bs. The total receipts last 3.111. f were £392 17s. 3d. Payments amounting to the sum 0 £337 is. 53. d. had been made which included .clergl share of the general offertory, £ll7 15s. Id., specia offertories, .C 77 19s. 10d. The payments last sear were ' £392 19s. 3d. Mr, Leo added that it was peculiar that ' the general collections were behind, but they well giving more to the offertories.—Mr. Rose proposed ar Mr. Mclntyre seconded and the Balance Sheet t° adopted. This was carried ma nimously.—The chairing° nominated Mr. Henry Greenall as his warden' and Mr. Pearson proposed Mr. F. J. Lee be people's warden. This vas carried,'" Mr. Lee proposed that the same sidesmen es last Ye° be re-elected fur the ensuing year, namely: Mes,rs. Richardson, A. Down, J. H. Clarke, J. Jeffes, T. 0- Westbrook, J. A. McGregor, W. Mclntyre, Sharrocks, L. G. Davies, J. Parkes, A. Willitt and J. Melbourne, Ns ith the addition 0' Mr. Loft house and Mr. Brady— Mr. Res' seconded and this was carried.—Mr. Lee , rir°,; posed that the lay representatives be Mr. Sharrocks Mr. MacGregor.—Mr. Brady seconded and this w,le enclarsed.—The Chairman in proposing a vote ot than to the olficers, workers and the choir for their service.g during the past year said they had attended to their duties most diligently.—Mr. Brady seconded.—M'' Rose in responding for the choir said he .was glad t° say that the members bad stuck to him loyally and tbe attendance had improved.—Mr. Mclntyre proposed 5 vote of thanks to the ladies who had been collectiog for the actuate fund durin-, the year. The amouo collected was £6s.—Mr. I.7ae seconded and this No: carried.-,On the proposition of Mr. J. H. Clarke Oa seconded by Mr. Sharrocks, a hearty vote of thanks ccso accorded to the Rev. James Collies for presiding.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAM.

The vestry -meeting was held in the Perish Church ce, Eester Mond4y morning, the Rev. B. Blogg (view presiding.—The vicar's warden (Mr. T. Riley) produced the accounts for the past year which showed that the offertories, amounting to £290 6s. Id. wore represented by the following coins: 33 Bove eigns, 34 hat sovereigns, 2 crowns, 182 half-crowns, 201 florins, 79,,"' shillings, 1,983 sixpences, 2,492 threepenny pieces, 759 pennies, 5,488 half-pennies, four R 5 notes, cheques, £ll 153. 11€1.—Mr. Bibby (one of the rin,,'ers) enrollee whelber the policy which the wardens had tinder the" Workmen's Compensation Act would cover their wceklY wages or only the remuneration for bell ringing.—The Chairman said it appeared to be rather hard on the' wardens to expect theta to insure the ringel3 for their weekly w.tges.—Mr. Davies : Then the ringers themselves should pay the premium.-- Ihe accounts were then passed.—Mr. Thomas Rile.e was re-appointed Vicar's warden gni Mr. J. J. Wilkie' son was elected parishioners' Warden. The following sidesmen were elected : Vicar's sidesmen, Messrs. 'Pearson, L. Pollard and W. Burrows ; rarisbioner., Messrs. W. G. Linnker, G. H. Illidge and Hard Andrews ; Iron Church sidesmen, Messrs. John Garner, Arthur Robinson and James Illidge ; hay represent"' tives, Messrs. W. Hutchings and T. D. Timmins; auditor, Mr. T. D. Timmins.—The Parishioners' wardne presented a cheque representing the Easter gifts oe behalf of the Parish Church, to the Vicar the Rev. 11.13' Blogg, and which amounted to £36 15s. and .1)1rt Robinson on behalf of the Iron Church, presented the' Vicar with the sum of El 19s. 2d.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.

(Continued from Page 3). WARRINGTON AND DISTRICII ASSOCIAIIOS

LEAGUE. FIRST DIVISION.

For Best... P. W. L. D. G. T. Lymrn Earleztown St. John's l2 10 2 0 no 11 `2°.. Burtonvrood Latchford W'gton Albions Res. ... 11 5 5 1. 20 23 Orford l4 3 8 3 18 40 '

Rortonwood Wesley l3 2 10 1 23 30 Whitecross

Rylands' withdrawn. Record exptingeJ.

SECOND DIVISION. - E'town St. John's Res. 10 9 0 1 31 14 *Burtonwood Reserve 9 7 1 1 19 7, LI Thelvvall United ...... 11 5 3 3 30 18 Newton Amateurs l2 4 6 2 11 20 Ify Walker's *Whitecross Reserve Aston Hall Two points deducted for playing ineligible men. Halton Reserve, Lymm Reserve, Frodsham Brotber;‘, hood and Ryland's Reserve withdrawn. Aston Hal) entered and taken Ryland's fixtures. Matches for April 17th. Ist Division: Earlestovt n St. John's v. Burtonwoou., Wesley. Latchford v. Whitecrov. 2nd Division: Mehra(' United v. Burtonwooi RO- Earlesto Nu St. John's R. V. While' cross Reserve. April 21st. Ist Division: Alhions Reserve v. Burtonwood, Results for April 9th. 2r.d Division: Walker's 4, Newton Amateurs 2. April 10th.

Ist Division: Burtonwood 4, Latchford 1. Albions Reserve 2, Orford 1. A) 2nd Division: Newton Amateurs 0, Theltv" United 0. Draw for Third Round—Works Competition. a Whitecross or Melbourne's v. Stockton Heath Vorg' or Longford Wire. Crosfield's Office v. Penketh Tannery or Whitecro° No. 2.

Sankey Wire Works s. Fletcher's or Robertson's. Walker's or Mersey Tube v. Richnion's

Nwa`

tl 21 111

1;11 INT

C tiot rq We 1)14

the Las

*k`c ''oa]

T: ati 4tav,

4000, 14.54 Pete ioint 1401.. 1)1Fie: Wate

*v, ,

===== 0002601_19090417_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR FOOTBALL PHOTO PRIZE SCHEME.-LADIES' DAY. .

•,. , [Photo.] [Tonge.] A SECTION OF THE CROWD AT THE WARRINGTON v. HALIFAX MATCH. The original of the portrait marked with a X will receive the "Examiner prize of is. 6d. on calling at the " Examiner " Office, Bewsey-street, before Saturday, April 24th." Last week's winner was Arthur Ellison, 66, Battersby Lane, Warrington.

-;-g.- --- , . _ lit : .-: ~ , 44,3.4,, • ,-.-- - '- • _to,lr,:• 0e„..._,..,,-;:_,:-.;,.-NE..- , ~.. - _ --.;.z. .. -...,.., • ...-rift ----____ ~,-r-r ..!It'i:'-t .:....te....-1,r,,. 5,- .-« \ , '-- - - - iT'''.: - :4; ......6-: • - :`..;1.10.4 ,-.)s:l= Amok: ~,i, ... ~.at.. _ _ --, -..-- - ligt*::,l•,'-- 11k5-' .7-' '7 4-' _.: 4 •:'',il"A.,''''''',lV-4):?'- " litct ' - . -.- - ' ' • ''.' -- ......-:.'r .'. t.....„, --, ... twx, -. ~- -_• . - -- ~,.;„34. -... ....;, Aotr -_-.,'.-,z, , - • -.4,) - , ----....,-- - -=4,,,-&._-• . : --; -- - .. , - ~ -- • ~.- . 7:-. ~ “--1„ ' •.'.' !'''' . - ' V l''''''.. •- - :.;:;:. '''"rS2.. 14:s.,:lAf:°4;'' a; -.'..;. .4 !•:W - : .. - . -. :I'.i'C':;l'''';; • - '''' '*,* '*r v 1:1-tv4,:;,--ec..---_,,, - ~.; -,' " ;,,`,- ,• - -r,,„,.-.* i.,..4"..'0"26 -, "' -"'- ' s : i 7" *ft- . is:4g:- •-...., v.:- '.',',•- ''-' -, -'...4-4. - - . -‘l,;;' .'-'' .. - •....,•.,-p..0.,-,-. 2 -,„-- -,6,1:,- -,L, -, .-,.,..,,,,,v, ~ ;•..T..--.0- - - --;-,,,r,::".5--,*(-•st AV - :'!--;':- ."..---.="4 ,04,1 P 4-tt-,t1.14A--, .„: ' ~,-,7. - -,„ -., V '-' ; , ;,4, ''>'***‘'''''':, 'olt. ** • ''' ''' '':. - -4:. ftr;-f4-*':-s'to: s=-_-:....-.‘, _,A, .2_ ~,, .-, =-, s;":..'t '744.4. ".; i '''''4.- , ' '...'. ' '3",.:541.,•qt 1344i' 41 ~ -I.+V-ke- . -r,. 4„-' , 1 4: -• . ....I. ef:.,,..,,-- ,",<, s:4*l2 1:40,', F- ':' •' - ',• ..,---"'.-41W-ty:X. t'....". ;.''' A - ltlk `‘ . -,#'-f,"'•%* -T '-,:-!:.-rt0-Z *. • '*s:- ',' •;*-- ' ''''',* -' ,2 -- 'W " & ti '', .-', '.;,-,-..., - . q- -:•- ' -;:::r: '.- *': ':...,-,..,).:;', -:- ~,,,.:." --7; - 11-44300.`"%is 1., ::•:Z:.?..e.„...-./.,1t:W;1...:- ,-,...z. A --:- -- .4-1..--..r...:4-47,-;-•.---- -.:- --f-. - - . ,

===== 0002601_19090417_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
LT

Last week-end furnished a lively wing-up to the thlaoetball season at Wilderspool, with the exception of remaining works matches. Saturday was rather 7.; (I.,lisaPPointing day, for after being well ahead at Irtime, both first and second teams failed to win. e seniors met SAlford in the morning with rather e.eXperimental side, but nevertheless gave such a .oPght aml dashing exhibition that they secured a lead ti!- 15 Points over Vie Reds. Then the locals made ra'ie fatal mistake of resting on their- oars before the .20ce was finished, and Salford got three tries in about „_.alinutes, Lomas goaling each time. The equalising Cllllt Came right at the end of the game and Warring- ad to be content with sharing the spoils of a 1.41'01 game, which should have been won easily.

t said on Saturday that Warrington "A" had got Zstard ready for Oldham "A" in the Lancashire 011,i la 1(1 Competition. So they had, but unfortunately m got hold of the spoon and Warrington ate the llstard. The homesters had a strong side doing .11_1t.v and attracted a crowd of about 5,000 to see the ,'".nghter of the men from Watersheddings. The kocais got a lead of 9 pOints•to 5 points at half-time, l'aeked up afterward,-and Oldham won in the ..e.'"Y superior football, the score being 15-9. Of ,:lorsethee,arly loss of Daintith at half handicapped Varrington but as a matter of fact the team seemed Dti strike a bad patch. Even Jordan, the reliable, Yed a poor game, and not much could be said for of the other backs. Oldham were speedier and .onThined more effectively. The most annoying thing tls that they should have been beaten if only for trying o here Warrington to play away. But to come "e and win was adding initu4y to insult. • N

' w. dayniateb —the last home engagement for Irrington—provided the sensation of the season. ~` Relens brought a fairly representative side, but ,ne that had left its heart at home. Warrington set 13"filnut the opposition in real earnest, and by a display the Passing and running rarely equalled they put up enormous score of 9 goals 20 tries (78 points) to Erie 8 (6 points). • I should think these figures would akp rather a mess of some of the sweepstakes !

„ spf course they establish records. Warrington's vrevi,„ highest score was in the R.U. days when on e,ember 30th, 1893 they defeated Rugby by 10 18 3 tries, 59 points, to nil. They have given the 17:get a heavy knock this time, and as the previous Cord stood for 15 years the new one ,should be good .e 6 ever almost. so far as senior matches are licerned.

.el,,Gbe°,rge Thomas broke the individual record for the ptevi 1)37 goring 9 goals 5. tries, 33 points. Fish • 11s1y held the record. with 9. goals, 4 tries, 30 IQ Scored in 1906 against Huddersfield.- Fish has, latoZer, broken his aggregate season's record, which 11(1( at 150 points. By scoring 2 goals on Saturday Ix; a try on Monday he has raised his figures to 157 - ••04 .1'1: The remaining scorers, in addition to Thomas, I).o—:l°nday were: Tries, Bradshaw 5, O'Neill 3, Bon 2 Fish' Boardman, Shugars, Lloyd and aYler;"'

Otte " 1 • tio4 of the features of Warrington's play in addi- .tf the achievements of Thomas, was the cleverness vire'po forwards, and of O'Neill in particular. The •Nt' 11 international was in great form, and opened isstle same repeatedly. In addition to scoring three oimself, he made openings for about eight others. ae eao be no question that he has been a great Osil.isition to the Club, and the forward play all round lolProved since his advent.

-- A.104:11131 People were under the • impression . that 43,'S match was Warrington's last League engage- I had myself quite forgotten that the away eZgement with Rochdale Hornets was postponed ,to frost.' Warrington made the journey to •teticTiale to-day, and should be equal to - taking a pe of Points from the Hornets. Th selec.ted team is: Tilley, full back; Fish, etins°ll, TaYlor and Bradshaw, three-quarters ; -31'or and Breaks; half-backs ; O'Neill, Thomas, rdolan, Belton, Shuours and Harmer forwards. i.urea .A team', fulfil their final Combination v e%at . Leigh pgainst the Shamrocks. As they dy won the Championship the result is not er Y itnPortant. kirtiA—K" was never a greater surprise in the Northern lave-nnzeup Competition than on Saturday when the •Jaal;eps, Wigan and Halifax, went down in the semi- she 0- before Wakefield Trinity and Hull. After this tie Ile will have any faith in the Wigan men as Cup- •%itaYere. They nuts:t be placed in the same class as 1,3141' ?who flatter only deceive. Halifax are, to be vlicru'sekl. with. They played a full te,am on Good tla,Z, when Hull, Wigan, and WakefVid were, saving 'by giving points to their opponents, and as ult 3seziehad Hilton and Dal Thomas injured_,The the me these men quite upset the combination-of for t.Too and Whites, and as a result Hull beat them I„e„first time in a • Cup-tie. The -final between Wakefield looks a Very :open affair, with, }tow aPs, Blight odds on Hull. It is, just a question, whether Wakefield's local enthusiasm will carry them through. •

• tttNT A A -'111“BLE SUBSIDENCE AT NORTHWIC/I ,tlex tr tordinary subsidence occurred at Ncrthwit! at 0rk,,°,4 I,Verlaesday.A boy named Sampson wacookingi g dinner; in a hut and kitchen n Messrs. l'atvlor and Sons' builders' yard when he and a wno in the earthern floor. Was waiting for his dinner observed a eolt--ent They ran out of the Z, awl within a few minutes the' hut had entirely •Nterl3.sed, a hole forming in the ground and filling with

. -. •-_._ ____ .._ . . ; LADIES' . and . CHILDREN'S HAIR '. "ft be preserved, beautified, and enriched for years by using ---, 0,-. • NowLANS.,..„ . • },..? C,V • , MAOAsI strech 11 Di L i wh, ~,. r, Prevents baldness and scurf, and 1 Vhens and restores the hair; Ell.no in • Siz„„cficien Colour for fair or grey hair. ^ •--'• 3,6. 7 - 10 6• Sold by Stores.Chemi,ts, • uni A ' • Rowland & Sons, Hatton Garden. : London.

• ... . . ~ raw , .0,.. r- .4!:. 11 ,/ffi„: . 1,-' 1 r •••• ..,t c B • . .. • . ~.... ~ ~.~ :,_: „-•,.,.. _ , .....• ~,,- i... ~,„,„ ._:: .-•iir6,- art v.-, tv T-A, _-1,1.41...) ~ -,..: ALTt/ if - 4.- 1C.,-.--7-:-;- . 7-, . Et.

NOTES BY" OVALIST."

===== 0002601_19090417_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NORTHERN UNION. RESULTS OF SATURDAYS MATCHES.

NORTHERN UNION CUP.—Son-FINADs G. T. P. G. ,T. P Wakefield 4 2 14 Wigan At Broughton. Hull

At Huddersfield.

NORTHERN RUGBY LEAGUE.

Warrington Raley St. Helens Leeds

, Leigh Widnes Hull K. B. Bradford Kuncorn

===== 0002601_19090417_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington V. Salford.

Glorious summerlike weather favoured the meetieg of these teams at Wilderspool on Saturday morning. It was pleasant enough for the holiday crowd of 4,0490 which assembled. but exceedingly trying for the players and before the close there were evidences of fatigue. Neither team was at full strength, the Warrington side including six Combination players. The teams were : Warrington—Tilley, back; Fish. Dickinson, Jenkins and Landor, three-quarter tacks; ICay,and Lloyd. half- backs; A. Boardman, P. Boardman, Belton,. 'Moult, Chegters and Fairhurst, forwards. Salford—Thom, back; Cook, Thomas, Hyam and Mesley, three-quarter backs; Lomas and John bait backs; Buckler' Rees, 'Thomas, Curzon, Warwick, and Coates, forwards. Referee, Mr. W. W. Taylor, Hunslet. Touch judges, Messrs. J. I'. Hayes. Feigh, and 11: Farmer, Runcorn. Warrington soon forced play to the Salford end and Lander, after a dodgy rue, got over but the try was disallowed for some inftrmality. Soon afterwards Lander again secured from John's relieving kick, and, following up, beat Thom for pessession, and scored near the posts, Fish gosling. The famous Warrington plaser as heartily cheered on thus breaking his record established in 1906-7 of 150 points in one season.. Salford could make little headway against the superior play of the home forards, and fro:n a difficult angle Tilley dropped a fine goal. Salford improved slighly, and combination between John, Lomas, and Hyarn broke down at Mosley. The IVarriagtonians returned t the attack, Lloyd racing splendidly through the Salford backs, only tipped near the posts. Toe piessare was maintained, and after Kay and A. Boardman had been held up inches inside, Cheaters effected a great run and scored for Fish to place a goal. Half-time, Witi4ington 3 goals, 2 tries (12 points); Salford nil. Turning round, Warringtou again caused the Salford defence trouble, and after Kay and Lloyd had put in good runs, Belton got over but was recalled. The vis'tors allowed a free kick, but Lomas failed. Lloyd secured the ball, and blufEng Lomas passed to Jenkins, and the latter to Clester, who registered a try, Fish missing the goal. For a time the game was of a give- and-take nature, but eventually the Salford fore ards took advantage of weak back play by the opposition, and Mesley completed a try after smart passing initiated by Lomas. The Salford captain goaled. The visitors conthmed to force matters, and Lomas took advantage of clever work by John to score in a favour- able position for him to add the second goal. In the last minute of the game Lomas accepted a cross kick from Alesley; and, adding the goal, made the szores equal. Result :—Warrington, 3 goals and 3 tries (15 points) ; Salford, 3 goals and 3 tries (15 points).

===== 0002601_19090417_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES v. SWINTON.

This m Itch at Widnes was set apart for the benefit of George Aspey, the weli-lcuovsn county forward. There would be about 2,000 spectators present. Widnes %ore the first -to become dangerous, and then Hillen broke away, and after a combine 1 movement Flampson opened the scoring tor Swinton. Jones failed to improve. Taylor dropped a goal for Widnes, and following this the Chemicals had all the best of the game, and tries were scored by Rigby, G. Aspey, and Lloyd. Half-time —Widnes 1 goal 3 tries (11 points), Swinton 1 try ,(3 points). In the second half Widnes gave a line exhibition. The forsvards and backs combined beautifully,.tnd tries were added by S. Aspey, Curtis, Lloyd,uni Nloran,While l'ayl:Jr kicked a goal. Woarton scored a fity3 try for Swinton, and Jones improved. Result :—Widnes 2 goals 7 tries (15 points), Swinton 1 goal 2 tries (8 points).

===== 0002601_19090417_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS v. YORK.

At St, Helens. York early oh had to defend, and Hill feinting to pass, scored at the corner. Lilley failed to improve. Passing between Harris, Prescott and Briere resulted in the latter crossing. Lißey again failed t-b improve. Play was contested for a time in the home quarters. Kelly got away, and passed to Flanagan, who -s.zered at the'corne% Harris got his side penalised, and Plimmer opened the score for York. St. Helens repeatedly got possession, and Hill made a nice open- ing for Flanagan to score at the corner and k;ck a goal. Lavelle tumbled near his own line, and Harris scored, the goal kick failing. Near the interval Pope scored an unimproved try. Half-time score—St. Helens 1 goal and 6 tries (20 points), York 1 g0a1.(2 points). Lea started the second portion, and York at once got dangerous, and Lavell3 crossed. Plitnruer kicked a fine goal: Flanagan placed a goal for St. Helens for a York infringement. York again opened out., and tossing between Moore and Raywoo3 culminated in the latter scoring. Plirnmer kicking a fine gcal from the touch line. Following this the defence was very weak on both sides, Flanagan, Kelly and Hill crossing for St. Helens, Flanagan improving one. After Moore went through the whole of the Saints' team to score a try behind the posts, W. Wray wriggled his way over, and Plimmer was successful in placing his fourth goal. Result—St. Helens 3 goals and 9 tries (3) po'nts), York 4 goals and 4 tries (20 points).

===== 0002601_19090417_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN v. BROUGHTON RANGERS.

Played at Runcorn, before 1,500 spectators. Jolley early got possession, and dropped a fine goal. A moment later Jolley got possession and handed to Watton, who scorei behind the posts, for Jolley to add a goal. -Barlow and 11.,gg defended cleverly, but another fine display of passing by, Jolley, Butterworth and Watton ended in another try by the last-named player, Jolley failing to improve. The ball was sent to Padbury from whom it rebounded to Butterworth, who aided a further try, Padbury failing with the goal-kick. Half-time—ltuncorn, 2 goals and 3 tries (13 points) ; Broughton Rangers, nil. - After the interval the game wai contested in the Rangers' hal, where Okell broke away and passed to Butterworth, ssho scored, Padbury again failing at goal. Resumin; Hogg secured possession and ran over in grand style, the same player being unsuccessful with the 'rho visitors were then seen to better advant4ge. Hogg intercepted a pass and scored with- out aficulty, Htrris aiding a gaal. Immediately after- wards Butterworth caused a sensation by sc)ring a try under the posts, after running half the length of the field, Jolley improving. Result :—ltuncorn, 3 goals and 5 tries (24 points) ; Broughton Rangers, 1 goal and 2 tries (8 points.) • ,

The Examiner Saturday, April 17, 1909.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
rI3NDAY'S MATCHES

G. T. P. - G. T. P. Wigan Hillirax 1 4 14 Wakefield Tr'ity 2 1 7 Hull

Barrow 4 3 17 Dewbbury 1 1 5 Elunslet 2 6 22 Hull K. 1?, 1 2 8 Broughton Rang. 1 8 25 York - 3 3 15 Oldham - 2 5 19 Salford Warrington 920 78 St. Helens 0 2 6

Warrington Break Records. Warrington's concluding home fixture,the return League match with St. Helens, was played at Wilderqmol on Monday before a fair crowd. The match was sensa- tional, for in the early stages Hill of St. Helens had his leg broken in attempting to prevent a try being scored, and subsequently Warrington dlspla3ed such wonderful form that they put up the huge score of 76 points to 6 —records both for the Club and for the Northern Union. Early in the game the Warrington foraards broke away with a strong dribble. and Creevey was compelled to kick over the line. The danger was removed by Toole, uho found touch near midfield. A penalty

against St,. Helens was taken by Fish, who sent outside the post. Hill was at fault in touching down and met with the accident above referred to. Thomas scored, the same player converting. Passing by the WarEngton backs was intercepted by Toole, who kicked over the Warrington line. Flanagan set off in hot pursuit, but Fish proved his equal and saved the situation. The visitors had another oppor- tunity. Creevey stoles pass intended for Bradshaw and ran to the line, where he was tackled by Tilley. Pass- ing by the Warrington backs ended in Bradshaw being thrown into touch near the line. Eventually Neill got over, Thomas failing at goal. Warringt,,n were now having matters all their own way. ,Fish scored a grand try after a splendid passing movement.. Warrington ' again pressed and Bradshaw ran over with another try, which was quickly followed by a further try from Boardman. St. Helens were helpless against the rushes of the Warrington men, their tackling being weak and ineffective. After a brilliant run by Dickenson Thomas scored and converted. lhe Warrington score grew rapidly,and further tries were scored by-Dickenson and Lloyd, goals being added by Thomas. Another round of passing saw Bradshaw dodge Flanagan and score at the corner. Thomas failed at goal. The Warrington score was further increased by Neill, who got over after the forwards had completed a brilliant movement. At half-time Warrington led by 40 points to nil. The second half was a repetition of the first. Warrington completely outclassed the Saints, who were continually on the defensive. No less than ten tries were scored, Thomas also kicking four goals. The Warrington scorers were as follows :—Thomas, three -tries; Bradshaw, three tries; Dickenson, Boardman, Shugars, and Taylor, one try each. Result :—Warring- ton, nine goals twenty tries (78 points) ; St. Helens, two tries (six points). •

===== 0002601_19090417_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
__Ji\,

LANCASHIRE SHIELD.

THIRD ROUND.

WARRINGTON "A" V. OLDHAM "A."—This match on Saturday afternoon attracted some 5,000 enthusiasts to the Wilderepool ground. Both teams had strong sides doing duty, the " Wirepullers" including Shugars, Neill and Thomas in the fors aids, whilst there were several players in the Oldham back division who had played for the senior team,Oldham were soon aggr6si re, and Thomas placed a penalty goal. Warrington rallied and after strong work Neill picked tip in the loose and scored, Thomas missing the goal. Mclntyre came near placing two penalty goals, the ball travelling.-icches wide. Warrington kept up the pressure and Thomas only kept the locals out with difficulty, Eventually Oldham improved and following smart forward work Cash scored, for Thqinas to add a goal. Warrington next pressed bard and Neill open- ing out the game, - "Lander was almost in ' on the left. Oldham's defence was superb, Thomas Earning distinction. George Thomas failed by inches at a penalty. Jordan scored, but Thomas missed the goal. Warrington continued to attack, and after Neill bad opened out the game effectively, Oldham's defence was again found wanting, and this time Lander took the ball to near the line, where D,tintith put the finishing touch to an excellent movement. Mclntyre• missed the goal. Daintith was hurt soon afterwards and took no further part in the game. In the second half the game for some time was of a give-and-take nature, and it was not until the close that the home defence showed signs of weakness, the lacks being unable to hold the advantage gained by the forwards. Oldham pressed bard in the last few minutes and scored twice, and landing a goal eventually won by three gpals three tries (15 points) to Warrington three tries (nine points).

===== 0002601_19090417_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
TRADES AND LABOUR COUNCIL.

The monthly meeting was held in the rooms, Friar's Green, on Tuesday evening. Mr. I'. Delaney occupied the chairand was supported by Mr. E.Plinston (secretary). There was a good attendAnce of delegates.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TELEPHONE SERVICE.

A letter was read from the Bradford District Labour Council saying that they had passed a resolution calling upon the Government to take such action its might be necessary to prevent the threatened wholesale dis- missals from the stair of the National Telephone Company,and to ensure the employment of those already discharged, the discharges being the dilect result of the action of the Government in terminating the licence of the company in 1911, thereby stopping the legitimate end necessary extension of the telephone servic,.. The letter added that in view of the greet army of the unemployed they urged upon their Council the importance of the matter, and they respectfully reinestel their 'members to adopt 'the resolution or a similar one and send it to the local magistrates, Prime- minister and Postmaster,General.

Mr. PARK ER said the National Telephone Company would do no more construction work because of the Government taking over the workings of the company. The would practically discharge their construction gang, for they were not going to do any more repairing thrto they were forced to do. Mr. Buxtnn, the Post- master-General had said that the Government would make the working of the telephone service efficient,and the people would wish they had taken it over before. He moved that they endorse the resolution of the Bradford Trades Cmucil.

Mr. PLUMB seconded add it was carried unanimously.

OLD AGE PENSIONS.

The Connell expr?ssed themselves in favour of the removal of the Poor LAW disqualification for old age pensions.

CO-OPERATIVE CONTRACTS.

Mr. PARKER moved : "That this Council send a letter to the Co-operative Society asking them to insist that in all foture cont-acts no sub-letting to outside firms be allowed." Ho said the reason he moved the resolution was became there were a lot of complaints that had been, brought to him. There were a great many un,killed men in the town out' of wotk. Thpy complained they could not get work. They had men- tioned the Co-operative Society and told him that the contractor of the new buildings had been sub-letting the pulling down to an outside firm and, it was alleged. paying the men 41d. per hour, instead of sd. the standard rate in Warringten. There should be no sub-letting in connection viith the Co-operative Society. He appealed to the delegates to insist on contractors carrying the work out themselves instead of sub-letting. A good many people who belonged to Co-operative Societies were dividend hunters and not co-operators. For his part he liked work to be done in a good way, and a good price to be paid for if. They should also insist on the standard rate of wages on future contracts. Mr. PLUMB seconded the motion.

Mr HowLisToN, in supporting the resolution, raid the members of the Stores could alter the matter them- selves. if the rnemlE,ra would attend the Co-operative meetings and bring the matter forward it would be La more effective than sending a letter from that Council.

Mr. EIALEY also supported the resolution. CrraramANsuggested to the mover the following words :—" That the standard reolgnized union rate of wages in the local district be paid on all contracts." Mr. Delaney aided that the previous resolution only dealt with unskilled men and not with the skilled. Mr. PARKEIt then moved :—" That in all future contracts the Society insist that there be no sub- letting, and a standard trade union rate of wages be paid." Mr. MEr.r4oß said that at one quarterly meeting of the Co-operative Society a resolution was passed that trade union rate of wags bo -paid. It was only the members who were to blame that they did not insist upon the resolution being carded out. He was in favour of the resolution.

The resolution was carried unanimously. FEDERATION DELEGATE'S REPORT.

Mr. PLUMB presented the Lancashire and Cheshire Federation Delegates report, in the course cif which he said that the Federation were going to make it one of their main duties to deal with unemployment. Several delegate spoke of the difficulties experienced by Trades Councils wheel trying to obtain working-class repre- sentatives on the Magisterial Benches of the country, and it was decided that the Secretary write the Labour Party's Secretary, asking that the matter be raised in the House of Commons. • Letters had also been sent to the Duke of West- minster and Lord Shuttleworth, but no reply bad been received. This showed that they had no sympathy with, the matter. •

===== 0002601_19090417_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
UNEMPLOYED DEPUTATION.

Mr. PARKER referring to their deputation to the Town Cannel( re unemployment said they could not get anything of any benefit from the Town Council. They came away as they went. They had plenty of sympathy. The Town Council were very sorry that there was unemployment, but they raid they could not do more than had been done. Of course, as usual they tried to lay the blame on sornet-ody else. They had applied for .£24,C00 to ereat.3 employment, for which they were thankful. Councillor Pemberton said they might have formed bowling greens, but why had they not gone on with them? They got nothing btit apologies and sympathies. He thought his time had been very badly spent by going with the deputation. Mr. PLUMB said it was nothing but bluff tint Mr. Longdin had told them in regard to the river wall. Mr. Longdin had said that it would take 15 men a fort- night to do the work, That was untrue, and he (the speaker) considered him an obstacle in the way. The SECRETARY observed that they got a promise from the Borough Treasurer, who said that he would see that men in the borough and not outsiders would be employed in the gangs. The Sites and Buildings Committee said they were doing all in their power. The only thing he suggested was.that they should take the power from them and put it into the hands of those who would move with greater rapidity. Mr. HALEY said they could find work if they wanted but they did not want.

Mr. PLUNIII said they (the TOWU Council) were not interested in their welfare. They were interested in the property owners' welfare. They should send Trade Unionists to the To..vn Council, for they knew their needs.

COAGULTNE," KLINX," TENASITINE.' Cements for mending all things.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
DR. J. SCOTT LIMIT.

PRESIDENT OF THE WESLEYEN CONFERENCE AT PENKETH.

Dr. Lidgett,, who was given the degree of D.D. at Aberdeen University only last week, preached to a large congregation at Penketh Wesleyan Church on Sunday morning. . The eminent Nonconformist leader has a distinctive personality. A high domed forehead surmounts a lace somewhat small in comparison, but every contour and line suggests vigour and domination. There is no "whispering humbleness" about the—President of the Wesleyan Conference. He is a man of thought, wide learning and strong conviction, and he looks all this and more. Striking truths. couched in full rounded

pliraseoloav fall fro—ra his lips with oratorical fluency, accompanied by gestures which always emphasize-and never obtrude. •

On Sunday morning be spoke upon four plssages (IC St. .Matthew, 21., 10 St. John, 17 and 18., 16 St. Matthew, 2-1 and 25., 1 Phillipians, 21). Ho LIM they had been occupied in sacred and solemn memory with t he journey of the Lord Jesus Christ to Jerusalem, with His triumphant entry into the city • His passion and suffering on the Cross ; His Luria"; and now their hurts were filled with joy and gladness by His glorious resurrection. They had deep feelings of salvation by His victory over sin and death. It was a mistake to shut themselvts up even for a day, and they were not intended to find spiritual edification in treating Hini who lived, as though He were dead. How were they to understand our Lord's redemptive work? As a whole we found an inner and a lower hrilf which held together the incarnation of Christ's r surrection, the ascension and the coming of the Holy Spirit. All those things. were not mere separate events with no

inner action, but there was the inevitab)e development of the spiritual life of our Lord. The four passages together presented them with the inner history of our Lord. Jesus Christ told His disciple that He must go to Jerusalem, that Ire must suffer many things at the hands of the priests, rulers and scribes, that Ho must be milled to a cross, tliat He must be buried, and that He must riss spin. The Divine task imposed upon Him meant the self-renunciation of Himself. They did not always see the matchless spiritual strength that was in. Him. By " nnkst " it meant the bringing of Himself under a law, which was fixed. for Him. It was the law of His being. The "must" demanded that at all costs He must. go down to Jerusalem, not flinching and not turning back. Once that decisive net was taken, there, was a two-fold prospect certain. First of all there was the suffering and crucifixion in God's world and for God's Son. Suffering and crucifixion could not be the last word, for He was to be .raised up again. That must was not the must of physical necessity. There was no strain upon Him to go out, for He could have stayed in Galilee. He could have waited for quieter times to base done some patient work of teaching, instead of calling upon Himself the storm that was gathering. It had been said by critics that He tempted Providence by going to Jerusalem, and that at least, there wsts no need for Him to go up in the physical sense of corn- pulsioa. The rev, gentleman claimed that it was a voluntary act, a higher necessity, —obedience to the redemptive parpote of His Father to which He responded with filial herrt.The journey w ts not without cost. They should noses snapase the victory of Jesss was an easy one. It WaS easy no douttt (hit no pressure of temptation, no poignancy of anguish could ever cause His will to tremble. Because His will was steady and His heart was loyal, and His resolution intense it did- not mean to say that there was not sorrow upon Him that struck His heart. We saw the shadow falling upon Him as He stedfttstly st his face to go up to Je,ustlem. The pas--ion laid hold of Him on the way. It did not seem to have been present except in the background in the early days and months of His ministry. The shadow of the cross fell on John before it fell on Jesri. John knew of Christ's canting and had a glorious spiritual conception of it.He read from the fbst, divistely inspired no d .utrt, with a clear insight of ChrKt's cornirig. When Christ, had revealed his Kingdom arid was fulfilling His ministry and doing good, the anguish of the Cross came to Him. ft was not the scourging,nor the piercing of the bands and feet, that made all tha suffering on the Cross. It was the failing of His Father's love, the only influence which seemed to contralict His Father's holiness, and still more the suicidal rejection of His lore by the people". That contradiction of all that His love asked for from God, front the world, from man was the horror of the Cross. He was anxious to accept the passion rather than prove unfaithful for the rrderoption of our blood. From the moment when Christ seemed to stand helpless with Pilate, He was turning suffering into sacrifice. Ihe Cross was zit expression of spiritual life, of holy and positive consecration to His Father. That was the glory of it. By His rising from the dead His spiritual supremacy was displayed. The resurrection was the expression and proclamation to theworld, but the Cross was the great achievement. Christ said "If any man will come after Me, let him deny himself." It did not mean deny hirnsslf flesh on Goosl Friday or pleasure in Lent. The preacher would not say whether it was right or wrong. He must dens himself by affirming God in this world, and he must suffor fur it. If they would po up to Jerusalem they would have to endure many things. In conclusion the rev, gentleman implored them to follow Christ in service, lova and obedience.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
THE "CAPPING" CEREMONY AT ABERDEEN.

Aberdeen Univerg;ty, which last April conferred ete degree of Doctor of Divioity on the Clast•ical Tutor of Richmond College, Mr. Gedan, has this year, against its spring- "capping," honoured in lace manner the President of the Wesleyan Conference, who will hence- forth bo known as Dr. Lidgett. The graduation ceremony took place on Tuesday, April 6th, at noon, in the Mitchell Hall of that nvgnificent pile of granite buildings known as Marisehal College. In presenting him, Professor Gilroy said : In Rev. John Scott Lidgett we welcome a dis- tinguished graduate of the University of London, who is now one of the leaders of theological thought and Church life in oar country. He is a man difficult to

measure, more difficult, t.; appreciate ; his powers are so versatile, his industry so great, and his energy so abounding. Carlyle's definition of genius as a capacity for hard work has no more apt embodiment than in him, for he is a preacher, a theological teacher, a Church leader, the warden of a settlement, and educa- tional administrator on the London County Council, a leader of social reform, and an editor, doubtless, not without his worries. Our wonder most be how he finds the opportunity of writing those rich and , massive, but •at the some time lucid and living, theological works on which his wide reputation Ira; been built. Without undervaluing his activity in other directions, we think of him to-day mostly as a theologian, • who is moving to the front rank amongst our country's religious -thinkers. has contributed to theological literature three out- et.fmling works, marked by great width of scholarship, balance of judgment, depth of vision and religious power, and withal with a clearness of arrangement and lucidity of style that reveal his complete mastery • of his themes. These three works aro remarkably uniform in the texture of their thought and their general relation to one another, for they all hang upon and elucid fte one great seminal thought—the Fatherhood of God—in which Mr. Lidgett sees, and rightly sees, the only sa'isfying rest for the human spirit amidst the perplexities of life, and the mysteries of-providence and revelaticn, and the one perennial inspiration to. and the one abiding consolation in all our efforts after soc7al amelioration. Theological works of this character often fail in reality and power, because they are the musings of an a.:tlye and subtle, and it may be sympathetic, mind in the still and rarefied air of the study, rather than the fruit of a living contact with men, and a living knowledge of man's ills, but here, though we may agree with the author that occationally there is the sign of the busy and the hurried man, everywhere we seem to be moving in the society of one who is living amongst the deep sorrows, trials, and mysteries of life, and whose inspiration in writing is that he has a message of hope and light, by which the way of life may be cheered, if not rendered smooth. In acknowledgment of the great service Mr. Lidgett has rendered to theological thought and religious woik, we wish to offer him the only reaard we can by asking you to enrol him amongst the doctors of our University. After presentation, each geadu in-I ascended the plat- form to be' capped" and adorned with the colours representing his degree, which, in the case of those receiving the D.D., are scarlet and purple. This act was accompanied by outbursts of applause, varying in volume according to the degree of fame and popularity achieved by the recipient. The reception given to the President was most cordial and appreciative, and indi- cated that, although he is not a Scotchman, was-not educated at a Scottish University, and represented a Church which in Scotland is small and comparatively unknown, there were many, even in the laud which is the home of religion and theology, who had heard of him, and were ready to recognise the talents and work even of one hailing from over the Border.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD TEAIPLARS IN CONFERENCE.

FORTIETH ANNUAL SESSION AT GLOUCESTER.

The 40th Annual Session of the Grand Lodge of England and United Services, International Order of Good Templars commenced in the Shire Hall, Gloucester, on Easter Monday. The civic decorations were . set up in the thoroughfares in honour of the visitors. The preceding meetings commenced on the eve of Good Friday with a United Conference, when Bro. J. Rowe-Brooks, P. G. Marshal, read a paper on "Our Ideal, and How to Attain it "- ; Bro. W. G. Errhigton, D.C.T. presiding.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
CHILDREN'S DAY

Good Friday was Children's Day. The National Juvenile Executive Council met• in the morning. In the afternoon a Juvenile procession, headed by the Civic Band, went to the Shire Hall for a "Model " Session. At night a public demonstration, was held, 15r. Hadwen presiding, and addresses being given by Mrs. E. Dimmer, G. Vice-Templar, Councillor J. Malins. J.P., G.C.T. and Bro. Prof. Franziskus Hiihnel, G.E.S., President of the German Temperance Federa- tion. The Band of Hope Union Choir. conducted by Bro. Hopkins, G. Supt. of Juvenile Work, rendered choice pieces. ,

SUNDAY SERVICES. On Sunday, Special Temperance Services were held n various places ,of worship. In the afternoon the representatives went in procession to the Northgate Wesleyan Church, when the Official Sermon was preached by the G. Chaplain, Rev. J. Craig Kelly. A Gospel Temperance Mass Meeting was held in the Corn Exchange by Officers of the International Lodge. Bro. J. W. Hopkins, International. Supt. of Juvenile Work presiding, and Bros. G. Hayler, Inter- national Electoral Supt. and T. Honeyman, Inter- national Sec. gave addresses. :::ASTER MONDAY. On Easter Monday the Grand Lodge was epened in the Shire Hall by the G. Chief Templar, Councillor Joseph Malins, J.P. A reccess followed, and deputa- tions attended from the City Corporation, The Church of England, Roman Catholics, Free Church Council ; Church of England Temperance Society ; 1.0: Rechabites ; U.K. Alliance; Western Temperance League ; British Women's T. A. ; B. of H. Union ; Gloucester Temperance Society; Y.M.C.A. ; S'unday School Union, Salvation Army, etc. each giving brief addresses of welcome to the G. Lodge. OFFICERS' REPORTS. The Officers' Reports were presented on Monday— that of the G.C.T. showing that- the membership in many districts had shrunk somewhat owing to trade depression and strikes, but the Military and Naval districts, which are not affected by trade conditions, had notably. increased. The Military Lodges num- bered nearly a hundred—most of ,them being in the Infantry, though five were in the Cavalry and eight in the Artillery. The first "Special Reserve " Lodge had been formed in connection with Mr, Haldane's new Army Scheme. Sessions had been held on troopships and a large number enrolled, and also aboard R.M.S. "Orient." The work of Captain-W. H. Collins, as Military• District Chief Templar, was warinly eulogised, as was that of the Naval District Chief Templar, Bro. J. C. Souhamy, a warrant , officer on H.M.S. " Mars," who had organised over a . score of Lodges on as inany'warehips. Admiral Lord ' Charles Beresford and other naval Commander had given every encouragement. The Grand Lodge also had a number of Lodges at distant ports and stations, including many native Lodges in _West African Settle- ments, and some in Ceylon. The report showed that, as a coloured student of the Birmingham University had been expelled from the Skating Rink at Birmingham, the G.C.T. had opposed a grant of a music license for - the Rink until the Management had " opened its doors-" irrespective of colour. The G.C.T. had induced the L.G.B. to prevent Old Age Pension Committee Meetings on licensed premises, and iteps were being taken regarding the use of such premises for Voters Revision Courts and other administrative purposes. PARLIAMENTARY MATTER. Bro. Walter Graville, G. Electoral Supt., reported the work of the Order in support of Temperance Legislation—especially for the Government Licensing Bill, the rejection of which by the Lords was strongly resented. The Order had taken part in deputations ,to Cabinet Ministers; had promoted many petit-ons to the House of Commons, and over 1,200 petitions to the Lords, praying for support of the Bill. They had promoted many hundreds of public meetings and circulated vast quantities of literature from the Grand Lodge printing works and elsewhere. The Order now welcomed the Children's At as a great reform ; and was now supporting the current bills for the closing of public-houses on election days the further curtailment of the liquor traffic on Sundays, and the Scottish Temperance Local Option Bill. THE MEMBERSHIP. • The report of Bro. Hopkins, G. Superintendent of Juvenile Work, showed 845 junior branches, with 54,331 members. Over 1,000 juniors had been drafted into the adult branches. There were also over .4,000 adult honorary and executive members in the junior branches. The junior course of study had been on Bible Temperance, and in the examination thereon 299 had 'passed •with honours, and 631 took first, 218 second and 141 third class certificates. Next year's study has to be on Temperance History. The Hon. G. Secretary Bro. E. Oliver, reported the statistical totals and accounts. The Adult section consists of 1.425 branches, with 54,756 members; and these with the Juniors -added make a total 109,506 members in 2.270 Lodges and Temples. • The following is the number of Lodges and Temples in the larger counties: Yorkshire ,132 branches with 5,323 members; Essex 127 branches witn 6,512 members; Middlesex 149 branches and 7,764 mem- bers; Surrey, 144 branahes with 7,890 members; Durham, 242 branches with 12,667 members. The G. E. Executive report awarded the Adult Numercial Challenge Shield to the Military District for an increase of 24 per cent., and the Juvenile shield to S. W. Devon, for 43 per cent. increase. The Mission work of the Order in the past year had resulted in administering the pledge to over 20,000 adialts and 27,000 juniors. The financial statements were submitted by the G. See., and by the G. Treasurer, Bro. T. V. Mills. The accounts showed a decrease in trade receipts and profits, but the apparent' deficit of nearly £4OO was fully equalled by the percentage set aside to capital account. and the value of new machinery purchased. The G. Executive had adoptect declarations against the Liquor Traders proposals for evading the 'Children's Act by providing waiting rooms for children ; protests had .been adopted, against the action of France in pressing Scamrinavian countries to lower their wine duties as a condition for floating loans in France, and the Executive also protested against the French for encouraging the Czar of Russia to veto anti-liquor legislation of Finland. PUBLIC DEMONSTRATION. A Great Public Demonstration was held on the Monday evening, the G. Chief Templar presided and the proceedings ,were taken part in by Bro. Capt. R. Rigg, High Sheriff of Westmoreland,,Ptof. Franziskns 'Ulna G.E:S.; of the German Grand Lodge, and Comm. J. Neilson, JP., G. Chief Templar of Scotland. Bro. C. H. Deavin, P.G. Organist, conducted the Gloucester Temperance Choral Union. CATHEDRAL SERVICE BY THE BISHOP On Wednesday, the Lord Bishop of Gloucester (the Right Rev.' E. C.. S. Gibson, D.D.) conducted a ' special Temperance Service in the. Cathedral, 'preach- ing a temperance sermon to the Order. AN EXTENSION PROJECT. For the further extension of the Temperance work of the Order it had been determined to raise a fund of :£5,000, toward which a niunber of substantial sub- scriptions had already been promised. . EXCURSIONS. An excursion was arranged to Ebley on Thursday afternoon, and for a round trip to Hereford., Ledbury and Malyern, on the Friday.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
"COFFIN NAILS."

A constable at Willesden Police Court on Tuesday, said he heard a boy, who, it was alleged, had been gambling in a thop, say to the shoniceeper, Let's have a packet o' The Magistrate : "Cohn nails !" The poliLc....e.mam : "lie meant flve-a-penny cigarettes."

===== 0002601_19090417_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LAST SUPPER IN ENGLAND.

Sixteen families, comprising over 100 persons were on Tuesday night eWarta'ned to supper by the West Ham Distress Committee, under whose auspices they are emigrating to" lands across the sei." Six of the families, who *ere going to Clnala, subsequently left for Liverpool. The other ten families sailed from TilLury for Australia and N.ew Zealand this morning.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
THEIR SCALPS IN # A DREADFUL STATE

Four Children Suffered a Year with Terrible Ringworm Hair All Came Out in Patches Leaving Scalp Dry and Scaly Grew Worse Under Various Treatments.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
ALL CURED BY TWO SETS OF CUTICURA

"About eighteen months ago my four children had ringworms on the body and head. They were under the doc- tor's care over three months without any satisfactory result; in fact they got worse. Then we tried several other so-called remedies without effect. Al/ the hair came off in patches and left the scalp dry and scaly-. They were in a dreadful state. At last a friend persuaded me to try the Cuticura Rem- edies. I used the complete treatment,. Cuticurs. Soap,. Ointment and Resolv- ent. I had two lots of each and before I finished the second lot they were completely cured. Now they have beautiful heads cf hair, soft and glossy. I still continue to use the Cuticura Soap, which I find much superior to all other soaps for the head and skin. My chil- dren had been suffering nearly twelve months before I tried the Cuticura Remedies and I shall always recom- mend them to others. Edward S. Walker, 07, Oxford St., Loughboro, Leicester, Eng., Dec. 0, 1008."

For Faded Fretted Vomen ,he 32-page pam- et about tticura Omtment are be found most valu-

_ stions for women, especially mothers, for removing torturing, dis- figuring humours, rashes and inflamma- tions; for sanative, antiseptic cleansing of ulcerated, inflamed mucous surfaces and destruction of microscopic life, and for bringing about by suggestion and medication a normal condition of health, strength and beauty.

Cuticura Remedies arc sold wherever the British Pine floats. Depots: London. 27. Cbarterhou.se Sq.: Paris. 5, Rue dc' l Paix: Australia. It. Towns & Co.; Sydney: India, R. K. Paul, Calcutta; So. Africa. Len- non, Ltd.. Cape Town, etc.. U. S. A., Potter Drug dc Chem. Corp., Sole Props.; Boston. lag-Post-free from London depot, liberal sample Of Cuticura and 32-page book mentioned above.

e•--"-Z; / \ I in t j)J/ phle' Cu' to able_ suggest' -

===== 0002601_19090417_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
1130T4 3

and Cli;:st Tcb

valuable to sufferers from any kind of BROAT WEAKNESS, ESTABLISHED 1671.

of Snl,fitufr.g ; ask fur 1E " when buying Luny KE NO 0771E11.

Pretared OWBRIDGE, Ltd., Hull. ertryw:iere in buLti. it 9d., 4s. W., 118.

4'.. _ Cot. Hit. ' The , . , :=l-1.-blidgfe ... . , 0. ''AIRJTEr.- Old Oi iginal ,- ~.. ch- .,,;. i and Worlci-Famo us 'v Lung Tonic for .•.-. , W.: OCUGEC,S7 COLDS T. -4 r 4.1 and - . iSSa.r. Thi Oat leS, IS t...cife . ,•, A.: •: i 1 , -- •S • .t• Z., ,•• • , dr' 'A% Pa. „__, • ~1191. - :I•Nr`" •; V•TM S.: •• • ~,.., , , t 0t,...; Boron,' ilel : 5 " OWER 1 DC Tonic idk, a.l TA ,-,.. COPYRIGHT. Critr .44 , cgrgat,

li

===== 0002601_19090417_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
CLARKE'S BLOOD WiiiXTURE

PERMANENTLY CURES Sfrmn&Bood Diseases

CF EVERY DESCRIPTION.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
. 9 „b:

CURES when all other Remedies fail IT ACTS LIKE MAGIC RELIEVING ALL PAIN AND THROBBING AND SOON CURES The Worst Corns and Bunions. Boxes 1/1., of all Chemists. ft Beetham & Sons Chemist Cheltenham.

TO MOTHERS.—MRS. WINSLOW'S Soothing Syrup had been used for over fifty years by millions of mothers for the children while teething, with perfect success. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately, it is pleasant to taste ; and produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and the 141173 cherub awakes "as bright as a button call Chemists lsslid.—Advt.• CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS are warranted to cure, in either sex, all acquired for constitutional discharges from the Urinary Organs, Gravel and Pains in the back Free from Mercury. Estahlished upwards of SO years. In boxes 4s. 6d. each, of all chemists and Patent Medi- cine Vendors through-out the world, or sent for sixty , stamps by the makers. The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company, Liecoln.—Advt.

. .

.

-

*Os"

I

Ree b

e 4

===== 0002601_19090417_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER Series

OF WEEX-END NEWSPAPERS COMPRISES : THE WARRINGTON EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning, principal and the Oldest Weekly Paper for Warrington,Stockton Heath,Penketh,Winwick, Padgate, Lymm, &c., being one of the Largest and Best Weekly Papers in Lancashire and Cheshire. The district covered by this Paper comprises a large trading and. agricultural tract in South Lancashire and Mid- Cheshire.

THE RUNCORN EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning. It is the best weekly paper in the Town and District, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to Advertisers. THE WIDNES EXAMINER, published every Saturday morning. Widnes contains the largest number of chemical works of any town in the Kingdom, nd is a rapidly growing centre of industry.

THE EARL- E-STOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER published every Saturday morning. The Largest Local Paper containing the News of Earlestown, Newton-to-Willows, Golborne, Haydock, Lowton, Scc. The district thus comprised is a most important part of the Lancashire coalfields. TST. HELENS EXAMINER, published every 1 Saturday morning, circulating m St. Helens, Prescot, Parr Sutton, Peasley Cross, &c:—the centre of the Glass, Chemical, and Watch Trades of the Kingdom

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. APARTMENTS WANTED. HOUSES WANTED.

APARTMENTS TO LET. ARTItLES LOST.

HOUSES TO BE SOLD. ARTICLES FOUND.

MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. MISCELLANEOUS SALES.

One Three Six Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... 6d. ... is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. ... 3s. 9d. 27 ... 9d. ... is. 10d. ... 3s. Od. ... ss. Od. 36 ... is. Od. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. ... 6s. Od. 45 ... is. 3d. ... .3s. hi. ... ss. Od. ... 7s. Od. 51 ... is. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6s. Od. ... 10s. Od.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
Domestic bervants, etc.

WANTED strong GIRL. about 18.—Apply CHESHIRE CHEESE, Brovlheath•

yvANTED, immediately, good PLAIN COOK.— Apply MTS. SUTCLIFFE, Oak Hill, Burnley.

wANTED, respectable GIRL, about 16, for private bou3e.—Apply, 35. BUCHANAN ST., B!aCkp001.

WA.NTED, a good GENERAL, age about 30; good references required.-10, MONMOUTH ST., Bury.

WANTED, good plain COOK, age 25 to 35; threa servants kept.- GoRTON HousE,G or ton,Manchester

WANTED experienced GENERAL ege over 20. Apply THENURSINO HOME, Davenham, North- wich.

WTANTED good GLNERAL : fond of children: state salary required.—Mrs. Wm. WEALE, 47, Arkwright at., Bolton,

AV-ANTED young GIRL for the country, to train as V V General.—Mrs. MCARDLE, Woodfields, Stony- burst, near Blackburn.

WANTED, Good GENERAL or Working House- keeper for family of 3; references.-3, Tint GROVE, Woodchurch ri., Birkenhead.

WANTED, good GENERAL, able to wash and used to Public Business. References required.— TORRANCE, Bull Hotel,_S.S., Blackpool.

WANTED a good GENERAL, for family of three; able to wash.—Write first Mrs. HOLLINPRIEST, Richmond Villa, Langham rd., Bowdon.

WANTED good GENERAL; family two; plain cooking and wash ; good references; wages £l5. —Mrs. vfncicEn, Hillbrook rd., Bramhall, Cheshire.

NVANTED GENERAL, end of April ; small, easily- worked house; £l5; personal references; small family.—Mrs. WHARTON, 12, Sunningdale rd., New Brighton.

WANTED COOK, must he well recommended, late V V dinners, no housework, no washing, 3 maids kept, 4 in timily.—Apply Mrs. STA.TTER, Warren Side, Wallasey, Cheshire.

IVANTED, WAITRESS for Ist May ; good rk fer- ence required; age about 80; quiet place ; three in family.—Write particulars, Mrs. BEAZLEY, Fern Hill, Birkenhead.

WANTED, good plain COOKS, Waitresses, House- maids Housemaid Waitresses, Cook-Generals, Kitchen Between, and superior Generals.—Mrs. READ'S SELECT REGISTRY, Rusholme, Manchester.

TAISENGAGED.—Governess, Generals, Housemaids, Nurses; wages £l4---15; characters investigated • English slightly spoken; town or conntry.—Aßply Non! IVEGIAN, SWEDISH & FRENCH AGENCY, East tirinstead,

MRS. PRESTON, Progressive Servants Agency, 44 Charles st. The oldest Established in Black- __

--- pool.- Wants SERVANTS, with references for Hotels, Boarding and Private Houses; good wages; enclose stamp. Tel., 637.

COOK-GENERALS, good; Housemaid-Waitresses, superior Nurses, Under Nurses, Generils, and young Girls can be suited with nice situations; personal references; stamp for reply; telephone 555, Waterloo. —Miss MILLER, Servants' Agency, 116 South rd.. Waterloo.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
To be Let.

PIANKETIL—COTTAGES, 2s. Bd., and 2s. 6d., per week. MILL STREET, OFFICES, ground floor. Also upper

MOMS. 4 CLARE'S BUILDINGS, rent 4s. per week. 16, WELLINGTON STREET, rent ss. per week. 53, WASH LANE, rent 75., per week. 173, WELLFIELD STREET, rent ss. per week. 57, CATHERINE STREET, rent 4s. per week. Apply ROBERT LOWE, Estate Agent, No. 1 Bank Street Warrington. Telephone—No 55.

MO LET 17, FOLLY LANE.—Apply WOODS & SON 1 Solicitors, Horsemarket Street, Warrington.

To BE LET, 112, Manchester- rd.; bath, h. and c.- -I- Apply 114, MANCHESTER RD.,WarringtOn.

MO LET, HOUSE, Leigh Villas, Kautsford rd.; rent 41.6 .---Apply A DLRED, Leigh Villas, Grappeaball.

MO LET SHOP and DWELLING-HOUSE No. 8, Lugsdale rd., Widnes.—Apply S. HORTON, Manley Hall, near Helsby.

MORECAMBE.—TO LET, well-furnished VILLA, stable, garage, bath, pianoforte.—Apply, SCOTT, Greta Bank, Morecambe, W.E.

TO LET.—GOOP HOUSE, Hopwood-street; 3 bed rooms; rent ss. 6d.—Apply WOODS AND SON, Splicitors, Horsemarket st.

MO BE LET immediately a good roomy COTTAGE with Land at Stretton.—Apply 0. WILLETT, Builder, Post Office, Stratton, Warrington.

WATER Corn-mill to let, with house and garden close to station and easy distance of two good tnarliet towns. Immediate possession.—ANDraws, Rimpton, Somerset.

SHOPS WITH DWELLINGS, Bewsey st.,Warrington, suit grocer, baker and confectioner, butcher, milliner, dressmaker, tailor, barber, &c.—Apply HEALEY, King at. ; or SKELLAND, 63a, Bewsey at.

TO BE LET, 41, If rogball lane, Warrington; two entertaining rooms, kitchen, scullery, six bed- rooms,bathroom.w.c., cellar, cutside washhouse.—Apply J. W. Scum Bill Crest, Lower Walton, Warringt(,n.

TO DRINGHAM TERRACE, STAG BRIDGE, LOWER WALTON. Bay Window house with two entertaining rooms. Bath, hot and cold water throughout. Rent 7s. 6d., clear.—Apply W. A. LESLIE, Mersey at., Warrington.'

& J. L. TUNSTALL AND / CO. • BEWSEY CHAMBERS, WARRINGTON. BEWSEY CHAMBERS, WARRINGTON. ESTATE AGENTS AND VALUERS. HAVE TO LET FIRST-CLASS SHOP in Bridge St., near Market-gate; immediate possession. EXCELLENT HOUSES with baths, Latchford. SPLENDID FAMILY HOUSE; central; £25 per annum. HOUSES in Parker at., £l6 per annum. LOCK-UP SHOP in Church at., weekly rent. FIRST-CLASS CORNER SHOP, in main at., £35 per annum. PLEASANTLY-SITUATED HOUSES, in Fearnhead £l6 per annum. TWO-STOREY BUILDING with Stable, in Penketh ; would suit bakehouse or laundry. HOUSES in Sankey Bridges, 3s. to ss. Gd. per week. LAND for building purposes.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
Houses and Lard on Sale,

GOOD COTTAGE PROPERTY, Equity £3OO, shows clear income of VS.—SLACK'S GARAGE, Stockport

"VOR SALE, two good Houses, built under Architect, all modern conveniences, Park View, Navigation rd., Broadheath ; also Land for two Houses adjoining; both plots face Recreation Ground; open to offers.— ALBERT GRESTY, 65, King at, Manchester.

JOHN WALKER, & CO. WE PRINT THE LARGEST SHEET

IN TDB TOWN AND DISTICT. Plain or in two or more colours to make a bold and striking display on Hoardingsand walls. " EXAMINER " OFFICE, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
Miscellaneous, On Sales, ect.

VOR Killing Rats use Magnet Feed, 21. 6d. post free —WHALE, 71, Bromley Common, Kent.

250 BLL.l4llEVAST.l2lss.,63d6,;paool,sartgelumsibnreisdsgCe.ards

PICTORIAL POSTCARDS, your Photos, 500 6s. 3d., 250, 4s. 9d.—BARTON Co., 14, James' Barton,Bristol. VREE writing, self-filling Fountain Pens, Is. Id.— FRANK HARCOURT, 23, Elmwood rd., London, S.E.

WALTZ and reverse chart, full instructions, 4d.— HILDESLEY, 48 Bentbal rd., Stoke, Newing ton,N

JA DIES' Beautifal Amazon-cloth Dress Skirts,is.only ASend for particulars GILLVIER Co.Stanuingley,Leeds

DRINK CURE.—Recipe will be sent for ls.—H. RANNABD, Alexandre rd., Penritb, Cumberland.

PATENTS. 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER. GEO. DAVIES 8z SON.,

===== 0002601_19090417_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
CHARTERED PATENT AGENTS. ESTABLISHED IN 1835.

SELF-HELP TO NEW PATENT LAW. PRIM! BD. COLONIAL & FOREIGN PATENT LAWS. PRicß 1

-A • _ Irmo.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0061.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19090417_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
Agricultural Produce, Plants, &c.

Horses, Carriages, Live Stock

Wanted.

Medical.

RLIEUMATISM.—XS recipe 6d. P. 0., Gentleman cuted himself.--JEPHSON, 27, Merchant at., Bow,E

FOR MORE THAN TWENTY-FIVE YEARS DR. DAVIS S FAMOUS FEMALE PILLS

HAVE been universally admitted to• be a Boon to Womankind. They are the best known Remedy or Anemia, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after Meals, Loss of Appetite, Hysteria, Palpitation of the Heart. Debility, Depression, Weakness, Irregularities, and all Female Ailments. Boxes is. 1J.,.28. 9d., 4s. 6d and U. (Sample sent free). Only address :--309 PORTOIALLO ROAD, KOTTIIIG liILL, LONDON

===== 0002601_19090417_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
Eggs, Poultry, etc

TNDIAN runner duck eggs; 3s. doz., 50 10s. 6d. Thrupp Farm, Abingdon.

FOWL COHN 12s. 6d., Poultry Meal 12s. 6d. 2241 b carriage paid.—TD. !JONES & SoN, 169. Vauxhall rd. Liverpool.

FEROVA DRY CRICK FEED,_

_ Rears from the Shell. The Best on the Market Editor of Poultry ' says It is PERFECTION, OF ALL CORN DEALERS, GROCERS, U. Wholesale only of NEWTH, GUYMER & CO., BELVEDERE ROAD, LONDON, B.E.

ROYAL HOTEL AND BATHS, MATLOCK BATH.

Apartments, Furnished Houses, &c

ISLE OF WIGHT for Sunshine.—Comfortable APARTMENTS or Board; pleasant house, close to sen, highly recommended.—" THE BniAns," Shanklin.

Money.

HERE"S A CHANCE FOR YOU

£5 TO £5OO. Have the hard times affected you?

Are you back in your rent or rates ?

Do iou owe the boctor, Grocer, or Any other bills? WHY WORRY.

Let me advance the money to pay off all those worrisome bills, let me help you to get.a fresh start. Your credit is good with me, you will be surprised to find how easy it Is to borrow money, and how easy to repay the loan. INTEREST LOW & REPAYMENT EASY. No matter what rates others advertise, or what rates you are paying, or have paid any other office, I will make you a loan at a, lower rate of interest and easier repay- ment. Call or write to the actual lender, J. LORD, 33, GOLBORNE STREET, (off Sankey Street), WARRINGTON. . Opposite Golbome Street Church.

LSTO 5,000 LENT DAILY LOWEST INTEREST IN ENGLAND. £5 loan, Repay 2s. weekly I £25 loan, Repay 10s. weekly £lO „ „ 4s. „ £2O „ „ 12s. „ £l5 „ „ 6s. „ I £5O „ 20s. „ £2O If Bs. ~I £lOO ~355. , No SuretieF, no Delay, no Publicity. Special attention applicants from this district. METROPOLITAN LOAN te DISCOUNT CO., 219, BRUNSWICK ST., OXFORD RD., MANCFIESTER; and at 19, wrrroN ST., (over Dradley's Clothing Shop) NORTIMICEL

Motor Cars and Cycles, etc.

Nobody accustomed to SOCIALISM observe signs and AND ITS portents will be in- LEADERS. haste to regard the , resignations of Mr. KEIR HARDIE and other members of the' Independent Labour Party as final. It is at least not improbable that before long they' will all be back in their old plaes, with stronger hold on their following than before. Without 'doubt they are at once the ablest and the most necessary men in what We suppose we may call the orthodox Socialist movement. Without them 'we do not see how the Independent Labour Party is to continue a successful existence, even though it has secured such a distinguished recruit ae the Rev. R. J. CAMPBELL. It is not clear, how- ever, that its disruption would exercise any' greatly adverse influence on the representa- tion of Labour in the House of Commons, which is the chief matter of importance. The Independent Labour Party has no doubt exercised a very considerable influence on the Labour Representation Committee; but it has never obtained absolute command of it. Some of the strongest men sitting on tho Labour benches in the House of Commons are not Socialists. Even the Leader of the Party in succession to Mr. KEIR HARDIE-- Mr. ARTHUR HENDER'SON—is not a Socialist. The Parliamentary movement, for the present at any rate, will be practically uninfluenced. To that extent what has been witnessed at Edinburgh is a storm in a teacup, which will not be without its advantages, possibly, as a lesson on the subject of mutual forbearance. To those who are calm but interested spec- tators of a remarkable movement in contem- porary politics, the apparently deep cleft in what is spoken of for short as the I.L.P. Will suggest many reflections, the first of whiell is likely to be that Socialism has a confirmed habit of turning on its leaders and, so far as it can, of rending them. There is an old, formal, long-accepted phrase about the ingratitude of d emocracy. It assumes that when the people have raised men to be their leaders they soon become either angry at their virtues or jealous of their position. The case of Aristides the Just readily recalls itself front among ancient examples. That a man should be called "the Just" in contradistinction to all other men began in course of time to soon intolerable even to those by whom the title had been conferred, and ultimately assumed the aspect of a public insult for which nothing but life could atone. Such instances have been repeated, sometimes in comic and sometimes in tragic forms, from one age t° another. Your popular leader is a hero to-day and a subject of derision or a corpse to-morrow. Or so, at any rate, a cynical observer might remark, taking perhaps too deep and scornful note of the fact that in s° many instances those who have raised a man like to feel that they have the power of dragging him down again, or even t° experience the supremer satisfaction °I

doing so. Mr. KEIR HARDIE has in his time so° other leaders of the Socialist Party made the object of more bitter jealousies and worse suspicions than those which have stung 110 into much brilliancy of retort during the Easter holidays. The greatest, and we 1104 almost said the most high-minded, well, brought within the range of the Social's , movement in this country was WILLIA3S Moßfiis, who eventually found association with certain colleagues quite intolerable' mainly on the ground that they werek suspicious of his motives and his Wee:. But JOHN BURNS, surely, is the Wu- ing example of how a movement roi turn against one of its inspirers. ll°,

do held tow meet

troul be -a thing Labc train

Socia case, than such the of it of in

obtai and old rePet Peopj We is a

inov( be so it in that habit temp,

initt€ the e have, defy give effect reaso the

diffiei they L 95 Peehj Inana declir attitt "ndu

===== 0002601_19090417_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
Hotels, Hydros, Boarding Estabs•

===== 0002601_19090417_art0065.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Sale by Auction

===== 0002601_19090417_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
see' tho orse hull the bac!

alio , JAO tioo 3,bie' ver°

jee' ead- Vir°

===== 0002601_19090417_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
WORKS' COMPETITION.

RESULTS.

Monday.—P. &K. No. 2 14, Firth Company 3. Wbitecross 10, P. & K. No. 1.2. Tuesday.—Crosfield's v. Greenall, Whitley and Co., postponed. Wednesday.—Fletcher Russell 32, Warrington Cor- poration 3. Thursday.—Rylands Bros.' Wet Shop 16, Greenings' 0 Friday.—Fletcher Russell's 15, Locos nil. _ To-day (Saturday) St. Helens Cable v. " Guardi9n," referee, J. Dutton ; Crosfleld's v. Greenall, Whitley and Co., referee, Frank Turner. Kick-off 3.30 and 4.30 respectively.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
STRIKE SCENES AT WARRINGTON.

The strike of moulders at Messrs. Whyman's foundry still continues and on Wednesday exciting scenes were witnessed in Dallam-lane. It is state i that some twenty-six non-Union moulders were brought to the works from Scotland and started work on Wednesday. The strikers, who have been picket- ing very diligently in the neighbourhood, got to know of this and to avoid any disturbance the newly- imported workers were provided with their dinner on thq foundry premises. When they left in the evening a hostile demonstration was witnessed,Union men being present in strong force, while a thousand or more of the general public had also been attracted to the ticene. Itis alleged that missiles were thrown but no one was hurt. A detachment of police was present and the men reached their head-quarters in 'safety. A con- ference took place with representitives of the Union and ended in the visitors agreeing to return to Scot- land on their fares being paid': The money was forthcoming from the Union, and the men took their departure.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
EMMANUEL CHURGH VESTRY.

The Easter vestry meeting was held on Thursday evening in the Institute, Kuutsford-road, the Rev. F. Vaughan presiding.

TUE ACCOUNTS.'

The statement of accounts showed an income of £3lO 4s. 5d.. of which about £l5O had been given at the public Fervices of the church. The Treasurer reported an adverse balance of £3B, which, consideriug the general depression and consequent greater cldims on the people, was regarded as satisfactory. By a special Easter offering to the church funds £l7 had been raised.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
Mil OFFICERS.

The Incumbent drew attention tO the growing need of the work of the church and warmly thanked the retiring officers for their past services, expressing great appreciation of the work of the various branches of the Church's work. The following were elected for the ensuing year : Minister's Warden, Mr. D. R. Hoge; people's warden, Mr. R. Lees ; sidesmen, Mr. W. Atherton and Mr. John Bibby; vestrymen, Messrs. W. Brown, A. Dickens, H. Gillespie, A. •Johncon, J. Jones, T. Lloyd, E, Minards, and T. MOWN

===== 0002601_19090417_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES AND NOTIONS:,.

do not know of any principle formerly held by John BURNS which he does not hold 110 W; yet he would scarcely be safe in a meeting of any section of the Socialists. The trouble is not that Mr. BURNS has ceased to be this or that, but that he has beeome some- thing. Last week the reputation of the Labour Party in, Parliament was being trampled underfoot at the Conference of the Social-Democratic Party. The offence in this case, too, seems to have been nothing more than that appearance of importance which such a party must necessarily assume under the particular circumstances if it is worthy Of its place. Mr. KEIR HARDIE complains of insinuations that he and his friends have obtained control of the finances of the party and Of its official organ. This is merely the old story in a slightly changed form. Its repetition-is wearisome, and to many good People must be extremely disheartening. Nye are not entirely satisfied that Socialism iS a wholly beneficial or quite necessary Movement in these times; but whether it be so or not, and to however large an extent it might become so, we are quite certain that it can do injury only to itself by its hakit of shedding its leaders in a jealous temper and without cause.

The school manager MARRIED WOMEN concerned in giving TEACHERS. effect to the resolution

of the Education Corn- ,itrettee to terminate at three months' notice 1.,"-e engagement of married women teachers alre, as was anticipated, decided to f3r the local authority. They decline to g've the required notice to the teachers effected by the resolution but offer no l'easons in support of their action. All impasse is thus created which e Education Committee may have some ttifficulty in dealing with. We hope they will at all cots be firm, for they have I,' Per cent. of the volume of public opinion uehind them in the matter. As the school Tanagers—Churchmen almost wholly— to give reasons for their defiant Vtitude,we feel entitled to suggest that their onduct is influenced more by personnel than

Major F. M. Appleton, THE OLD GUARD. who commanded the Warrington Volun- tee,. • al '8 in South Africa, and enhanced an •'Tread Q Y high reputation for enthusiastic 'v°tion to duty, makes a stirring appeal in t'll°ther column on behalf of the Territorial attalion, which we cannot believe Well go ,11111leeded. When the Volunteers were erged into the Territorial army scheme, 'allY of them fell out of the ranks, with the esult that the local battalion is the weakest 4 in the West Lancashire Division. s.„lle, quality of the new recruits is highly voKen of, and it only needs the "old •!!lard," who are the special objective r(1) Major Appleton's appeal, to come o:ward loyally, and the battalion will Cee more justify its claim to be "second hone." Major Appleton urges that' w our country is again in danger." While do not endorse' this opinion, in so far as "Iruplies the danger of war, we agree With him that the honour of Warrington is t stake—and this should suffice to stir the ‘l°rluant martial ardour of both the " old Pard " and the "new blood." Warrington never lagged behind when duty called! all it begin now, with the opportunity ..,._efore it of forming an essential part in the nrea.test scheme for voluntary defence ever mevised ?

The scardity of wheat LESSON FROM through the partial WHEAT. failure of harvests all the over the world, and • creation of an American corner in wheat li3.lllC4.9,llsequence of this scarcity, furnishes a vring commentary on the wisdom of those tio demand that we should place restric- \\,l,lls liPon the sources of our supplies. If :'ten the whole wheat-growing area of the 631.1 d is open to us we are not exempt from ffeas°lls of scarcity, what would be our fate • Izeicsre listened to the voice of the Tariff °rifler, and restricted our sources to ea wheat-growing colonies—or, rather, to nada alone, since Australia in bad years ha to import for her own use? Poor --rvest • eert . Bin the world's wheat-fields meant a Pr am degree of scarcity for us even under a,ce Trade ; but under Tariff Reform a bad Iladian harvest would mean starvation.

The, r, example of the wheatcorner " carries step further. Trusts and corners are ti: natural outcome of a system of Protec- agailf Government control has over and over orie 811 been proved ineffective. There is only Doli,ecuritY against them, and that is the of open ports. But Tariff Reform, tiles—, exposing almost all our industries to • , Ivo„,l,,'anger of monopolisation by Trusts, vlirt`t make our food supplies especially flarie,Fable to the tactics of the "corner " 1110 Pool." Recent experience has shown Gol'e than ever how true was the late Lord a% characterisation of Tariff Reform a gamble with the food of the people."

It may be said without ?LA It WITH the slightest exaggera- FIRE. feat, tion that there has been no more discreditable lesQ -re of modern political life than the Teck- -I,' Inanner in which cupidity and hope, 4. ov-1.111 and despair have been excited .o win the Public to a policy which, as far as 13,'eas been defined and elaborated at all, as bc.s:ill b has up out of proposals that are y-egned to bribe the support of different ca,-'Dabled interests. Even if Tariff Reform was e of benefiting commerce and industry, iti„s4.tead of iujuring them, and of elevating Wolaedr, of t degrading he ruadingthe status of the highly culpable Zit the part of its advocates to Vh°ll,t in such an exaggerated form the good „84 , would be effected by it. Not only th e disappointment, if Tariff Reform ever be established, be vehement ,and Nth", but the expectations aroused Nte must, hell the promised results are found to e deh,lorthcoming, produce larger and larger th—le bands, on an ever-ascending scale, while Vilef artY Which so lightly inspired those forre.e+,,xPectations will by its own act have 'Xtr--al'd the Power of controlling or resisting of the Party see this danger, and lea acrvagant demands. The more responsible solne,r, Pro Ines attempt to qualify the wild 13ruP"eies Which are made on their plat- Bt the qualification are half- and interinittent. Well quarrel of Labour with the methods, Dro, as Reform :RefP-agailda arises from a sense that Tariff the object, of the Tariff Ref to duerjriers are not only using false pretences irltoi ludo the working classes into placing an 4.?rable burden on their own shoulders, ihea'Jlinat they are-also trying to use a ver.y %dial ,1(1el,11d of compulsion by obstructing '°llll in order to create an artificial

demand for Tariff Reform. It is the belief of the larger section .of the work- ing classes that the Party of Tariff Reform was opposed to Old Age Pensions because they wished to bluff Labour into accepting the doctrine that it was impossible to have Old Age Pensions without food taxes. The tactics which have been pursued to spread a scare about our Naval supremacy are construed as part of a deep-laid scheme to force a policy of extravagance upon theY country as a pre- liminary to urging more 'forcibly the demand for " a broadened basis of taxation," while it is obvious that such agitations, by fostering , an anti-foreigner movement, can be used to influence the thoughtless in favour of the exclusion of foreign goods, without any examination of the extent to which the , exchange of goods contributes to the pros- ' perity of the nation.

The price of bread is THE INCREASED being generally raised PRICE OF BREAD, a halfpenny on the , quartern loaf. This fol- lows On similar advances, and the price will go still higher, until 7d. or Bd. is reached. More than one cause has produced this effect. The Chicago Wheat King's corner" is principally blamed; but Mr. J. A. Patten's reply is that the cause of it all is very simple. The growth in the supply of wheat is not keeping pace with the growth in the world's population. This wide- awake gentleman foresaw the short- age in November last, and he bought extensively and hoarded grain; and his sales at the enhanced price will now bring him a million pounds from his deal. The fact that large stocks do not exist in Europe to-day as they did last year means that Europe will in the next few months need bigger shipments. The Argentine crop is smaller than was expected, and the English farmer, encouraged by good prices, has sold a large proportion of his crops, and those crops are smaller than usual. But England wants fo7ty million quarters, and grows only a fifth of that total. Europe requires shipments of 1,150,000 qr. per week for the next four months, and can only see 850,000 qr. a week coming. The price of the quartern loaf is, therefore, being raised in London from 6d. to 61d., and there are even melancholy prophecies of a ninepenny loaf before the summer is at its height. Wheat, up to the 465. at Braintree, has not fetched so much for fifteen years; and a fair average price is 325. pr 345. This should give us the quartern loaf at 41d. Each rise of 4s. a quarter adds another halfpenny to the price of the quartern loaf; and if the crisis develops, and a top price of 60s. is reached, it is easy to see what this will mean for con- sumers both in rural areas and the poorer districts of the big towns.

Joan of Arc has been THE MYSTERIOUS the centre of enormous MAID. controversies lately.

• Anatole France has tried to prove that the Maid of Orleans was a scheming impostor, no better than she should be. Mr. Andrew Lang, on the other hand, has defended her character with enormous vigour; and the Pope, taking the same line, apparently, has decided to canonise her. But no sooner has the controversy about her character got into full swing than we are plunged into the middle of a controversy about her birth. • Mr. Stuart Glennie, an English- man settled in Italy, has produced a book contending that the Maid was not even a Frenchwoman! People have often wondered, says he, whence Joan got her complexion and her free-and-easy manner of conversing with kings and princes. They have also marvelled at her strength in climbing siege-ladders at Orleans in heavy armour when only seven- teen years of age. The first difficulty he settles by saying—and substantiating (to his own satisfaction)his statement by references —that Joan was really an Italian,daughter of an exiled member of the noble family of Ghislieri, of Bologna. The second difficulty melts away when he avers that the Maid was born not in 1414, but in 1404, and was consequently twenty-nine years of age when her career closed in so terrible a way. Of course-, one must not believe everything in the way of new historical theories. One man has proved that Napoleon was a Solar Myth! But it is always on the cards that long- standing delusions may exist and be destroyed by impartial-nfinded though little- known men. Be this as it may, we advise Mr. Stuart Glennie not to go too near Paris. Joan has (as the recent riots testify) admirers there, and some of them might feel inclined to refute his arguments with bludgeons.

An American father, after reading his son's school report, remarked: "Really, Henry, this is most unsatisfactory. Why, do you know, at your age George Washing- ton was at the top of his class ?" Henry's reply was: "Yes, father; and at your age he was President of the United States.— "Daily News." . * * It is recorded in connection with the Postal Clerks' Conference this week that in a certain rural village a man carrying a ham in a basket entered the local post office to purchase a stamp. " Who is your ham for ?" asked the sub-postmaster in the way of friendly chat. " For Mrs. --," was the , reply. "It is very perticklar," cause they're expectin' friends to stay, and —" 'You can take it back home wi' you," said the sub-postmaster. "Their company's not coming. They had a postcard this morning to say as how the kids had the whooping cough." * *

The Rev. Henry Woods Perris, brother of Mr. Alfred Perris, Warrington, will appear in his old pulpit at Cairo-street Unitarian Chapel to-morrow (Sunday). It is 31 or 32 years since the rev, gentleman left War- rington, and 20 or 25 years , since he last preached at Cairo-street, but there are very many residents of-Warrington who still have a vivid recollection of his five years ministry here. He took a very prominent part in the intellectual life of the town, and no doubt those who knew him will be glad of the opportunity to see and hear him again. * * *

The statement that our naval supremacy has gone is naval nonsense.—Mr. Lambert, M.P.

Our system of examination has become the greatest curse to the education of this country.—Sir John Gorst. Every girl-looks forward to being a wife, and she should learn how to make a home.— Miss Cleghorn, at the Teachers' Conference. One needs to pass into the depths of influenza to understand some of the verses in Job, Lamentations, and the Psalms.— Bishop Thornton. * * *

"An Englishman's Home" is to be with- drawn from the stage in Berlin, and we are quite frankly glad that it has met with so cold a reception in that city. Its fate is not due to any political cause, as the criticisms of the German Press make clear. The "North German Gazette " says : "We Ger- mans have too high an opinion of the intelli- gence of the British people to believe for a moment that such stupidity is possible in the home of a single English family." Another paper speaks of the author of the play as having "the soul of a Boxer." We may hope that the cold common-sense of the German Press may do somathing to convince John Bull bow foolish he looks when he goes scarernongering. * * *

The process of revision which the Tariff of the United States has been undergoing shows how the Tariff Reformer's ideal of a "scientific tariff" works out in practice. The "Morning Post," the ablest organ which the cause of Tariff Reform possesses, has been candid enough to publish its American Correspondent's criticism of the manner in which such tariffs are framed. It is, he points out 4 only the interests of the different trades which obtain any representation in the inquiry. The general interests of - the community have no representative,and there is no one to speak up for the consumer. "A scientific tariff" is an attractive phrase, but in practice it works out as a 'tariff shaped by the pressure of the most powerful vested interest. *

Most of the holiday weather gave us a welcome foretaste of summer, with a . broad hint of some of its drawbacks. For two classes the holiday was not an unmixed delight—the walkers and the cyclists. Although there was little wind, the dust lay very heavily on the roads, and the passage of the motors stirred this up into dense clouds, which were long in settling. Indeed, on some of the popular highways a dense fog of dust prevailed almost through- out the day, and the only consolation that the harassed pedestrian had was the thought that the occupants of the cars must have passed almost as bad a time as they plunged through the white cloulds left by the pre- ceding cars. If the motor_ car is ever to become an object of other than dislike to those who do not ride in it, some means will have to be found of dealing with the dust nuisance. * * *

Advocates of Tariff " Reform " talk glibly about the advantages of taxing the foreigner," and so raising the revenue for this country. Recently, however, an object lesson has been given of how a tariff would affect British industries. Mr. W. J. Noble, senior partner in the firm of W. J. Noble and Son, cardboard box manufacturers on a large scale at Pudsey, in conversation with a Press representative, said that within the list few days he had been taking a large contract with a Continental firm for goods which formed the raw material for his business. In the course of the negotiations he received a letter from the London agents of the Con- tinental firm stating that— Should any alterations take place in the fiscal laws of England, and an impost be placed on these goods, an additional price equal to the impost must be paid by the purchaser. Will the foreigner have to pay the fax in a case like this? * * *

Sir Donald Currie, whose death occurred on Tuesday,. 'was one of the greatest figures in the shipping world. He was a man of bold and enterprising ideas and of great business capacity. It was through his exertions that the Castle Line, from a small beginning, became one of the greatest ocean- going lines of the country. Sir Donald had so long retired from Parliamentary life that his death will have no effect in the political world. He was elected for Perthshire as a Liberal in 1880, and in 18851 e was returned for West Perthshire. When the great split in the Liberal party on Home Rule occurred he became a Unionist, but this did not seriously affect his personal relations with Mr. Gladstone. Several times he took the Liberal leader for a cruise .on one of his fine steamers, and perhaps the most interesting of these trips was the sail to the. Baltic in 1883. Not only Mr. Gladstone, but Lord Tennyson were on board, and at Copen- hagen they met Queen Alexandra, the Royal family of Denmark, the Czar and Czarina, and the King and Queen of Greece. It was on this occasion that Lord Tennyson, at Queen Alexandra's request, recited one of his poems. There was no man who more regretted the Boer war than Sir Donald Currie. He believed that the difficulty might have been _solved by patient diplomacy. lie knew Mr. Kruger well, and has' related that he went to Mr. Chamberlain and warned him that though he might persuade Paul Kruger, he could never drive him. When the Presi- dent of the Transvaal issued his ill-fated ultimatum to this country, Sir Donald

recognised that there was no other course open but to fight the issue out. * * * Mr. John Drury, whose life story we publish in another column is one of the most venerable and respected figures in Warring- ton. Although he has almost attained his eighty-fifth birthday, he i; remarkably active and thinks nothing of sallying forth alone on visits to relatives and friends in different parts of the town. He has retained all his faculties and talks most intelligently on public affairs. To hear him recount his entertaining reminiscences of the past is a pleasure, and a perusal of his autobiography will show that he has had an uncommonly varied career. Those who have known him only as a temperance reformer and Christian worker will doubtless be surprised to learn that in his younger days he served in the army, but such indeed is the case and he is proud of his short experience of regimental life in Ireland.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

Coming Events. A free exhibition of co-operative productions, pro- moted by the WarringtOn Co-operative Society will be opened in the Parr Hall to-day (Saturday) and con- tinue until April 24th. The Mayor will perform the opening ceremony and Mr. T. Wadsworth (president of the society) will preside and an address I\-;11 be delivered by Mr. William Lander (C.W.S. Director, Manchester). On Saturday, April 14th, at 7 p.m. an address will be delivered by Mr. F. Maddison, M.P. for Burnley. The exhibition Will be open free each day from 3 to 10 p.m., and among the attractions wi.l be cigar and cigarette making, brush making, sweet making, soap making, &c., by electrically-driven machinery. Sev'eral leading local brass bands have been engaged. A high-class concert arranged by Mrs. C., Jackson Holmes, in aid of the Warrington Women's Circle will be held in the Bald street Wesleyan schoolroom this (Saturday) evening. A mot attractive pro- gramme has been arranged. Mrs. Rylands will take the chair, and Mrs. Dodds and Miss Dutton will say a few words about the Circle woek. It is hoped to make £4O by the concert and stall to complete the amount promised for a large room from which to launch out and develop the work. The annual sale of work in connection with St. Paul's Church will be held in the Conservative Club Assembly room on Monday. Mrs. Lord will perform the opening ceremony. • A public meeting promoted by. the Warrington Women's Suffrage Society will be held in the church sehoolrOiim, Padgate, on Monday evening. Mr. Edmund Osborne will preside and Miss Royden, of Livsrpool, will address the meeting. Great interest is being taken locally in the visit to PadgaN3 on Wednesday next of the Rev. J. Ernest Rattenlmry, superintendent of the Welt London Mission which was .founded by the late Rev. Hugh Price Hughes. Mr. Rattenbury addresses crowded audiences every Sunday night in the historic Lyceuml Theatre, London, during the re-building of the permanent home of the mission in Kingsway. He will preach in the chapel at 4 p.m. and lecture at 7.30 on," Nonconformity and politics." Alderman Bennett will preside. A dinner to commemorbe the close of the third session of the Warrington Parliamentary Debating Society and to mark the progress of the Society, which is now an established institution, will be held at the Lion Hotel, on Thursday evening next. Amongst those who have promised to attend are the Mayor of Warrington (Alderman Forshaw), the Rector of Warrington (Rev. Canon Willis), and the Chairman of the Education Committee (Councillor J. Fulton Smith). The musical part of the progiamme will be provided by Mess's. J. Rabbitt, J. IV. Bibby, T. D. Anacs and N. BalmfOrd. In connection win the Warringtan Adult school, a special public meeting will be held on Saturday evening next to officially open the large premises in Academy-street to which the school has now removed. Mr. Edwin Gilbert of Birmingham, Mr. James Dodds and others will speak. The Mayor will preside. The Crosfield Amateur Dramatic Society have decided to repeat the perforinanc3s of the charming comic opera The Emerald Isle" which last year were the means of dividing £75 between the Infirmary and District Nursing Associ:ition. The performances will take place in the Parr Hall on April 28th, 29th and 30th and May Ist and it is hoped to double tho previous donation. Every p3nny will go, without any deduction, to the funds of the two institutions. Sunday school anniversary services will be held at Legh-street Primitive Methodist Church to-morrow (Sunday), when Ur. A.: Griffi.ths, Of Hartley College, will preach. On Monday evening there will be a public meeting. The Sunday School 'anniversary in connection with Wycliffe Church will be held on Sunday, the 25th inst. The preachers will be: Morning, Rev. Frank Leggatt, ; evening, Rev. Albert Qoodrich, D.D. In the afternoon u service of song will be given, when Mr. John Upson will deliver an address. The Warrington Hors 3 parade will be hid on Saturday, 22nd inst. when by yerinission of he Mayor, the judging will take place in front of the Town Hall.

Musical Successes. • At the recent local s3hool examinati helfl in Manchester of the Associated Board of the R.A.M. and the R.M.C., the following pupils of Miss Mary Gornall, A.8.M.C.M., were success'ul :—Winifred. M. Hepherd, Pass Pianoforte Elementary Division; Doris R. Rowspn, Pass Theory Prima‘y Division. Presentations to the Misses Williams.

The Misses Williams, of the Priory School,who will leave Warrington next week for Poulton, dear Black- pool, have been the recipient of handsome presents from present and past pupil. On the 7th inst. they were presented with a beautiful writing bureau, subscribed for by their present pupils.—Elsie Armstrong, the head girl, made the presentation, in a neat little speech, and the Misses Williams suitably acknowledged the gifts. There was a large gathering; of old pupils at the Old Academy on Thursday even:- ing when Miss Mary Williams was presented with a' revolving bookcase, and Miss Annie Williams with a rosewood music cabinet.—Mrs. Brereton Fairclough Made the presentation, and appropriately voiced the good wishes of the subscribers.—The Misses Williams returned thanks. Death of Miss Kate Gittens.

Many. of our readers will regret to hear of the death of Miss Kate Gittens, the second daughter of the late 'Mr. Edward W. Gittens of M inche'ster-road, Warring- ton, which took place at The early age of 33 years, on Easter Sunday; at the Friedenhem Hospital, Swiss Cottage, London. Mi;s Gittens, who W.lB the matron of the Sanatorium, Malvern, was well known in Wallington where she had many friends. Whilst in Warrington she was a regular attendant at the Parish Church, and for some years was a teacher in the Sunday school. Although suffering from a very painfulinternal complaint she remained at duty until five weeks ago when she was removed as a private pafent to the hospital where she died. The deceased was sister-in-law ta Mr. Councillor Steel, and many letters of sympathy and condolence have been received by the family from. various parts of the. country. The body was removed from London by rail on Thursday on which day the funeral took place at the 'Warrington Cemetery. The Rev. Canon Willis conducted the service in the church and at the graveside there was a large attendance of friends aia.cl sympathisers. The cbief mourners were Miss Gittens of A,bergele (sister), Mr. Councillor and Mrs. Thomas S. Steel (brother-in-law and sister). Mr. and Mrs. Edgar Berridge of Kilnaington, Wilts (brother- in-law and sister), and Mr. Thomas Porter of London (brother-in-law). __There were also present, Ur. Edward Steel, 'Mr. F. Taylor, Mr. and Mrs. Wood (Manchester-road), Mr. G. H. Warbueon Steel, Mr. F. G. Taylor, Mrs. C. R. Burton, Miss Hesketh, Mr. Walter Moores, Miss Leigh, Miss Fairclough. Mr. Stephen Dale, Miss Clara Taylor and Misti Dyke. There were many floral tiibutss including wreath's from Miss Gitten-s, Mr. Councillor and Mrs. Steel, Mr. and Mrs. Edgar Herridge, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Porter, Master Eddie • Steel (nephew), Hazel, Charity and- Bertie Herridge (nephews and niece), Jackie Porter (nephew), Mrs. Hotchkiss of Cherburg (cousin), the Staff of the Malvern Sanatorium, Mr. F. Taylor and family, Mr. and Mrs. Edward Steel and family, Miss Josephine M. Kidd (Liseard), Mrs. C. R. Button, Mrs. Porter, Mrs, William Fairclough, Miss Nellie Leigh and Miss Annie Griffiths (Cannock, Staffs.)

Warrington Philomathic Society. - The usual fortnightly meeting of the above society was held on Wednesday, 7th inst. at 7.30 p.m, in Gregory's Cafe, .Buttermarket-street. An interesting discussion followed the speeches of Messrs. A. S. Elliott and M. J. Burgess, Who opened the .debate : "Can a man get rich honestly" in the affirmative and negative respectively. The majority of the members agreed with Mr. Elliott and voted accordingly. Sir Gilbert and Lady Greenall in London. The sixth annual competition of the London Van Horse Parade Society took place on Monday in Regent's Park, when there were 457 entries, or 02 more than last year. The judges were: —Sir Gilbert Greenall, the Hon. A. E. Parker, and Messrs. R. N. Stollery, Frank Lloyd and W. R. Tro'ter. At the close of the parade the prizes were distributed by Lady Greenall. PUBLIC BENEFIT.—UNDER TIIE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCA.SIIIRE.—Advt. Itiomen's Circle. Au open musical service was held on Sunday, Mr. Gough presiding over a large audience. An excellent programme was submitted. The Girls' Choir sang "Sing as you go " (solo, Miss Plinston), " Jesus in the rock" (solo, Miss Miss Mitchell), " After the cross the crown " and " Till the daybreak." Miss Birchall contributed two violin solos, Handel's " Largo " and Bohm's " Cavatina," and Miss L. Plinston and Miss M. Hipkiss rendered songs. The hymns were 'March on ! " and "Hallelujah for the Cross." Mr. Jarman gave the address. Athletic Successes. At the Burnley Cricket Club Athletic Festival, on Saturday, R. Bennett, of Warrington A.C. (48yds.) won the first prize in the half-mile flat open race.—A. Siddall, Warrington A.C. (130) came in first in the mile flat race. —At Liverpool Pembroke Harriers sports, held at the new Athletic Grounds, Prescot, on Friday last, IL Holbrook, Warrington A C- (155) won the first prize in the mile race.—At the Salford Harriers Spring Meeting which tnalc place at Belle Vue on Saturday last, H. Holbrook, of Warrington, won the 4th prize in the 1 mile flat race handicap from the 146 yards mark. TALBOT INVINCIBLE CARS. Trials by appoint- ment—Agent, J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge st.—Advt.

Warrington Sailing Club. • This old established race took place on Saturday afternoon in beautiful weather and a_ large concourse

of people assembled on the banks of the Mersey. The course was from Runcorn round a buoy moored near Walton Arches and back to the west end Of Thewlis's wall. The results were as follows :-1, Sea-Gull, 36ft captain, S. Rustage ; 2' Nellie, 30ft. Gin., captain, P. Sutton (Widnes) ; 3, Red Rose, 30ft. Gin., captain, H. Sutton (Widnes). The officials were :—Starter, Mr. J. Massey; commodore, Mr. H. Warburton; vice- commodore, Mr. S. Devison ; judge, Mr. W. Hatton ; treasurer, Mr. S. Rustage; secretary, Mr. W. Warbur- ton, jun. ; and number-taker, Mr. S. lloyles. • Penny Popular Concerts. The success of these concerts has continued might through the season and at the closing entertainment on Saturday evening there was again a large and appreciative audience. Songs were given in a pleas- ing ntinner by Mr. and Mrs. Hannan, Ur. McArthur, and Miss Dora Wilkes, and several action songs by the Stockton Heath Band of Hope Choir were a picturesque and popular feature. Master E. Millington (prize vi linist at the musical festival) treate I the audience to several creditably executed violin sslos.. The Apollo Male Quartette tds..l,obliged with several capital selections. The humorous items were supplied by Mr. S. Auttland. During an interval in the pro- gramme an adircss was delivered by the Rcv. T. Miller. The committee are to be congratulated on the success of their efforts to provide waolesome enter- ainment for the masses during the winter months. GOOD SECOND-HAND PIANOS, £5 ss, a Bs., and £l2 .12s. Others at higher prices. Fully guaranteed. Pianos tuned and repaired,—J. R. WOOD, 47. London rd., Stockton Heath. Advt. Fire at a Warrington Works. A fire which foramately did not attain serious dimensions broke out on Friday midnight at the works of Messrs. Fletcher, Russell and Co, Ltd. Noticing a glare, P.C. Bartley informed the lodgeman, and it was found that a fire had originated among a number of packing cases.and some straw adjoining a corrugated iron building full of wooden patterns. A number of people living in the vicinity were aroused, and Mr. Holmes the under-manager of the works, prozeeded to the scene. The works fire appliances were got into action and did good work until the Warrington Fire Brigade arrived with the steamer "Captain." The fire had spread to a portion of the building, but the smart work of the brigade, directed by Superintendent Turner, prevented any further extension. There was a good supply of water, and after an hour's work the ilamcs were extinguished, but not before a quantity of patterns had been destroyed or damaged. Mr. W. 11. Rudie, the' secretary of the' company, and Mr. I'. Bowers, the works manager, were present during the operations of the brigade. The cause of the fire is unknown, as the watchman

The annual dinner arranged by the Warrington staff of this Company was held at the Winmarleigh Card on Thursday evening of last week. Mr. W. 11. Brown '(director) presided over a large gathering which included Mr. W.. M. Armstrong (general superintendent of the North-Western division), Mr. A. 0. Speed (general superintendent of the North Wales division), and the following superintendents :—Messrs. W. 'Cox (Wigan), J.' Cox (St. Helens), .0. Speed (Liver- pool, No. 3), D. Thairard (Liverpool No. 2) and E. Macdonald (Birkenhead).—After an excellent repast the usual toasts were honored.—Mr. F. E. Penketh (superintendent of the Warrington dis- trict) proposed " The continued' success of. the London and Manchester Industrial Assurance Company, and health of its directors," and said he teas happy to say that nothing had happened during the year to mar the good feeling that existed between the staff and the directors. Mr. Brown, who was received with musical honours, responded and urged all the agents to rally round their superintendent, Mr. Penketh, and make one .united effort to make Warrington one of the foremost districts of the com- pany. The toast of ." North-Western Counties " was drunk on the proposition of Mr. P. J. Rowe and Mr. Armstrong in reply said the Warrington district had come out at the top of No. 2 Division of the N.W. Counties and had made an increase of £l6 lls, debit in the industrial branch. Mr. Brown, director, then proposed" The suocess of the Warrington District," and presented the prizes for the largest increase in debit as follows :—First prize, rolled top desk, to Mr. William Willis; second prize, Mr. Charles Roddy, inkstand and cabinet; third prize, Mr. W. W. Drewett ; and a special prize given for best collections to debit and lowest arrears, Mr. P. J. Rowe. Mr. Brown also presented Jr. Penketh with the prize offered by Mr. Armstrong for the honour of getting to the head of the Second Division. It took the form Of a handsome cabinet, and Mr. Penketh sa% he would treasure it as long as

he lived to slid* the appreciation of their General and also the staff for rallying round him.—Mr. Cox (Wigan), Mr. A. Speed (general superintendent). Mr. Thairard; Mr.E.MacDonald,Mr.O. Speed and Mr.J.Cox also responded. The artistes were: Mr. A. E. Penketh, Mr. A. Greenough, Mr. H. A. Roberts (humorist), Miss Winnie Jones, Miss Annie Bancroft, and Mr. H. E. Tonge (violin).

Crosfields' Band. The Perfection Soap Works' Band opened its contesting season on Monday last. A. visit was made to South Wales, the contests taking place at Mountain Ash and Abergavenny. ' Although severely handi- capped by the heavy strain of long travelling, the band ivas successful in securing premier honours at each place. Eleven bands competed at Mountain Ash and right at Abergavenny. LAWN MOWERS at store prices for cash. Repairg by special plant.—J. S. GARLAND, Ironmonger, Bridge st.—Advt. Grappenball Tennis Club. On Thursday evening the Grappenhall Tennis Club held the last of a series of whist drives, all of which have been thoroughly enjoyed during the winter season. A good number were present at Mr. Crampton's, "Ferndale," Victoria-avenue, and spent a Very enjoyable evening together. Miss Daintath won the first prize for ladies and Miss Clarke the booby prize. It is rather interesting to relate that Mrs. Pharaoh, who filled a vacancy for gentlemen, won the gentlemen's first prize. Mr. E. Warburton won the booby prize. The catering was tastefully carried out at the hands of the Misses Lomas and Sampson. Primrose League Social. The inaugural meeting in connection with the Padgate habitation of the Primrose League was held in the schools:on Thursday .evening and was well attended. The proceedings took the form of a social, but there was an interval for political speaking. Alderman Bennett presided and addresses were delivered by Miss Evelyn Pilkington, daughter of the late Colonel Pilkington, and Alderman Phillips -of London. The speakers were thanked on the proposi- tion of Mr. J. H. Bottomley. seconded by Mr. Mather. A. musical programme was submitted the artistes. being Mr. and Mrs. Hannan Mr. J. B. Poole and Mr. W. Moores (humorist). Mr. T. Taylor accompanied. A whist drive and dance followed, the M.C.'s being Messrs. E. Royston, R. Denham, and 0. Hilditch. The prize winners inthe whist drive were :—Ladieg, 1, Mrs. Denham; 2, Miss E. Royston. Gentlemen : 1, Mr. Pace; 2, Mr. Monks.--Thursday was- the twenty-second birthday of Lord Wohner, Conservative candidate for the division, and during the evening congratulatory telegram was forwarded to him. LAWN 'MOWERS at store prices for cash. Repairs

by special plant.—J.S. Bridge st.—Advt. Easter Holidays.

ARLAND, Ironmonger,

The glorious summerlike weather which marked the cpening of the Easter Holidays continued until Sunday afternoon when there was a shower of rain, and altogether the outlook for Bank Holiday was unpromising. Monday opened threateningly and during the morning there was a heavy downpour of rain which cast a gloom over the spiiits of the holiday makers. Shortly after noon, however, there was a great improvement, the clouds rolled away, and the sun shone brilliantly. On the whole the holiday was a great success and tripper's spent a happy thne at the valiong seaside ancr rural resorts. For those who remained at home, the football match Warrington v. St. Helens, was a great attraction and in the evening there were crowded houses at the various places of amusement. The following are the returns from the railway companies as to the bookings for God Friday and Easter ftfonday :—London and North-Western, Chester 100; North Wales, 100; Frodsham, 330; Liverpool, 50; Blackpool, 200; Morecambe, Windermere, &c., 60; Scotland, 60 ; East C .ast, &c, 30. Cheshire Lines, Manchester, 2,000; Liverpool, 2,200; New Brighton, 800; Southport, 900: Belle Vue, 100, DRESS BASKETS, TRAVELLING TRUNKS, etc. Large stock, reasonable prices.—J. S. GARLAND, 51 to 55, Bridge st.—Ad% t. Death of a Local Choirmaster. Many of our readers will regret to hear of the death of Mr. John Gibbins, 25, Green-street, which took place with painful suddenness at Bispham, near Blackpool, on Thursday evening. Mr. Gibbins, who was forty-five years of age, was a native of Warring- ten and worked as a pattern-maker at Pearson and. Knowles' until a few months ago, when ill-health caused him to relinquish his employment. He went to Blackpool to recuperate and rettfrned about two months ago apparently greatly benefited. He continued to make good progress under the care 'of Dr. John Bligh, of Liverpool, and on Saturday last he again journeyed to Blackpool and stayed with 4 brother at Bispham. So late as. Thursday evening his wife received an encouraging letter and on Wednesday Mr. Gibbins had enjoyed a bicycle ride of some five miles, yesterday a serious message summoned Mrs. Gibbins to Blackpool and on arriving she found that her husband had passed away the previous night. The sad news was received with the deepest regret in the Bank Quay district where Mr. Gibbins was well-loaown and highly esteemed. He took a great interest in music and for fifteen years had conducted the choir of the Church of the Sacred Heart, which he had succeeded in bringing to a high state of efficiency. Much sympathy is felt with the widow in her bereavement.

. - had only-been round the works a short tirne previonsly PREMIER CYCLES tie world's best value From when . everything appeared to be all right. The five guineas.—J. 14-: GARLAND, 51 to 55; Bridge damage is c wered by insurance. st.—Advt. PUBLIC BENTEFIT.—UNDER THE CLOCK FOR BEST Generous Gift to Burtoniood Church. BOOTS IN LANCASHIRE.—Advt. The Burtonwo,d Parish Monthly for April says . Loyal Order of Ancient Shepherds (AU.) "The Vicar's Special Church Fund (Parr's Warring Warrington District. ten) has not received any augmentation since our The above district held their quarterly meeting at last report. Mention may now be made of the generous the "Rose Bud" Lodge, St. James's school, Warring- promise of a Warrington gentleman to contribute one ton, on Saturday the 10th inst. Distsict Chief (Bro. hundred pounds, in two moieties of fifty pounds each. J. Gillooley) presided and he was supported by the when such reference is made to a Warrington gentle- Deputy Chief (Bro-W. Miles) Past Prov. Chiefs L. man, those who know the citizens of the old town will Weir, J. Mather, J. Haley, T. Baskerville, jun., T. at once exclaim, ' Why that's Mr.. Dadda of course? Miller, P. L. Edgar, J. Williams, W. Eckersley, James And so it is. Our benefactor, in prospectu, Parr (District 'Treasurer), Peter Edger (District is Mr. James Dodds, whose noble generosity Secretary), and the delegates from the various Lodges. to all good works reaches, thank God, The Secretary-presented the accounts for the quarter, beyond the streets and lanes of Warrington. which were of a satisfactory character, and after the Our thankfulness to Mr. Dodds for his recognition of auditors (Bros. Miller and Allen) had given in their our uphill work at Bnrtonwood is, naturally, of the report the same was passed. A very satisfactory item heartiest kind, for we have no claim upon him in any oon the agenda was the large number of new members way, but he is one of those men who delight to d ges. good when they can and when they may. He is of the initiated during the quarter in the various Lod type and pattern of him of whom it is written, ' he This evidently points to increased energy amongst the brethren, which it is hoped will be maintained. loveth our nation and bath built us a synagogue.' Bro: P. L. Edgar, of the Morning Star Lodge, and His noble deed will, no doubt, prompt others to lend Bro. F. 0. Leigh, Of Shepherds by Night Lodge, were a helping hand to,ethe Church at Buttonwood. Many chosen as .representatives for the District at the will rejoico with is over our good fortune and desire AMC; at Wrexham.—After receiving nominations to add their thanks to ours, to one sa liberal in his for the Officers of the District and District Examiners gifts and so true a friend and benefactor of the people." the meeting was closed in the usual manner. PUBLIC BENEFIT UNDER TILE CLOCK FOR BEST BOOTS IN LANCASHI-RE.—Advt. London and Manchester Industrial Assurance Company, Ltd. Wedding at St. Barnabas' Church.

There was a pretty 'wedding at St. Baniabas' Church on Wednesday afternoon when Mr. Thomas Evans, son of Mr. Thomas Evans, 80, Folly-lane (organist at the church), Was married .to Miss Adelaide Rastric Daniel,of Ashton-under-Lyne. The weather was beautifully fine and a large congr.eg,ation assembled to witness the ceremony. The Vicar (Rev. J. H. Cr. Hollingworth) officiated. The choir, of which the bridegroom is a member, was in attend— ance, and the hymns" The Voice that breathed o'er Eden," "How welcome was the call." and " 0 perfect love" were sung. Mr. T. G. Reeves was at the organ and played appropriate selections including the "Bridal March "from Lohengr, in " (Wagner) and" Wedding March (Mendelesohn.) The bride was attired in a' pretty dove coloured dress, trimmed with white lace and silk, with hat to match, and carried a lovely bouquet of tulips, lilies and. smilax, the gift of the bridegroom. The bridesmaids were the Misses Cissie and Eva Evans (sisters of the bridegroom) and the Misses Amy and Bessie Berry, of Leigh, who wore white embroidered dresses with green silk sashes. The Misses Evans wore tuscan hats, trimmed with white silk and forget-me-nots,and. the Misses Berry had black hats. All carried bouquets of daffodils and smilax, the gifts of the bridegroom_ Mr. Harold Gilchrist, of Biddulph, Staffordshire, dis- charged the duties of best man. After the ceremony, a reception was held in St. Barnabas' school and was largely attended. Later the happy couple left for Colwyn Bay, where the honeymoon is being spent; the bride's travelling dress being a navy blue Norfolk costume with hat to match. Many handsome presents were received.

SATURDAY.—Before Messrs. R. T. Fairclough (chair- man), W. Furness, A. 3. Jolley, T. Pemberton, and J. Upson. ALLEGED HOUSE-BREARlNG.—Griffiths Roberts, of no settled address, and John Moores, of Lord Nelson- street, were charged with breaking and entering the dwelling-house 11, Mason-street, the previous afternoon and stealing a gold watch and chain, a melodion, and a pair of trousers.—The Chief Constable stated that the case was one for remand as inquiries had to be made regarding the prisoners. The previous afternoon the prosecutor and his wife and children went for a walk. On arriv6,l back an examination of the premises showed that an entrance had been effected by the back window and the goods were missing. Detectives Clough and Reddington made inquiries and arrested both prisoners. On being charged at the Police Station Moores said, "I was with Griffiths Roberts." He (the Chief Con- stable) asked for a remand for eight days.—The remand WS granted. WIFE DESERTION.—Henry Jackson, Bright-street, was charged with deserting his wife and family and leaving them without reasonable maintenance.—Mr. T. S. Steel appeared for complainant and stated that the prisoner was summoned to appear before the magis- trates the previous hursday, but he did not take the trouble to attend. A warrant was issued for his arrest. The circumstances of the case were somewhat out of the ordinary. It appeared that the prisoner had evinced affection for a young woman, and his wife had several times complained about his conduct and there had been quarrels tetween thou. The prisoner was able to earn £2 per week. He (Mr. Steel) thought it was a case wi-ere the utmost alimony should be granted. The non should be made to maintain his wife instead of another woman.—Prisoner stated that his wife had done her utmost to make him ' leave her. She had beaten him, thumped him, and dcne all manner of things in order ta get him to bit her so that she could bring him up at the Court. He Ii id not done so much as raise a finger to her.—An order for 7s. Gd. per week was made.—Mr. Steel said he would have to apply for the advocate's fee.—The Chief Constable : Yes, and we want 17s. 6d. for the arrest &c.—The Chairman: Anything else ? (Laughter). —The advocate's fee was granted. Mos:DaY.—Before the Mayor .(chairman) and Messra. W. Rot orts and %V. Furnese. ALLEGED LODGING HOUSE THEFT.—Samuel Bel- more, Milne-street, and Mabel Heriety, of no settled abode,were charged with stealing from a hafting house in Stanley-street a skirt and shawl the property of Lily Clark.—The Chief Consttble stated that on March the 16th, Heriety stayed at a lodging house in Stanley- street and the woman Clarke lent her a shawl. The prosecutrix on looking for her skirt found it was misaing. Inquiries were made and it was ascertained that both prisoners had left, town. The prisoners were not heard of until Saturday night when Constable Holland saw the female prisoner in the town and be took her to the Police Station. The male prisoner went to the officer and said" You may as well lock mo up, lam equally guilty. I had half the money from the proceeds." He (the Chief Constable) asked for a remand until Thursday.—The remand was granted. A WORTIILESg LOAFMR.—Alfonsus Cullen. of no settled address, was sentenced to one months imprison- ment for begging. He had 40 previous convictions and the Chief Constable described him as a worthless loafer. —George Riley, a stranger, was also sent to gaol for seven days for a similar offence. WEDNESDAY.—Befi,re Mr. C. White (in the chair), Aldermen Smethurst and Ellison, Messrs. J. W. Hayward, J. Geddes and Dr. Jozeph. AN IMPUDENT BF.GGAR.—Andrew Alfred Stevens, stranger to the town, was charged with begeing in Sankey-street the previous dty.—Detective Clough stated that he was on duty at Market-gate at about 3 o'clock the previous day when he received a complaint as to an impudent beggar in Buttermarket-street. Witness watched the prisoner and saw 'him go into Messrs. Carter's, Bridge-street, where be received some food, which he divided with another man. Prisoner then went into Mr. Shaw's, the butcher. Witness then followed prisoner into Sankey-strset, where he saw saw him as!c several peaple for alms. Knowing the prisoner to 1 e a notable shop thief witness arrested him and brought him to the Police Station.—The Chief Constable stated that the man was a very bad character, having ten previous convictions for houre'reaking, theft of cash box, clock, watch, fountain pens. end unlanful possession of bandkerebiefs. The last time he was committed was in 1907, when he was sentenced to one month's imprisonment. Prisoner started his criminal career in- 1891, 18 years ago.— Prisoner said he was subject to apoplectic fits and could not obtain work on account of them.—He was sentenced to one month's imprisonment with hard labour.

THURSDAV.—Before Messrs. C. White (chairman), A. J.. Jolley, W. Roberts, W. T. Williams and Colonel Edelsten. THEFT OF A GUN.—Alfred France, or no settled abode, was charged with the theft of a double- barrelled gun, valued at £7 12s. the property of Mr. Parkinson, corn dealer, from a cabin in Arpley Meadows en February 9th. Prisoner pleaded " guilty to selling the gun hut not to stealing it."--The Chief Constable stated that Mr. Parkinson ()weed the ground on which the cabin stood in the Arpley Meadows.—He was in the habit of leaving the gun in the cabin. On the Bth of February, Mr. Parlinsen left the cabin securely fastened, but en returning the next day found that an entrance bad been effected by drawing the staple of the door, and the gun had been abstracted from its case. lequiries were made by the police but nothing was heard of the gun until on April 12th. Mr. Parkin- son was visiting Mr. Austin's farm at Hulme, near Warrington, when he noticed that Mr. Austin had a gun resembling his and on close examination found that it was the missing gun. It was ascertained that a wiredrawer of 192, Padgate-lane had said the gun to Mr. Austin and it transpired that the prisoner had sold it to the wiredrawer for £3. The prisoner was arrested by Detective Holland, and on being charged at the Police Station. he said " I did it, no one was with me."—Prisoner said he was taking a walk along the river to-cards Stag Bridge when he saw two men hiding somethive in the ground. He afterwards went to the spot anefound the gun.--On being asked why he did not take it straight t a the Police Station, prisoner said" You would have sworn blind that I stole it."—Pt ifioner, who was stated to he a noted poacher and had been before the Court several times for that class of offence, pleaded to the Bench to give him another chence as ho was getting old, and he would turn over a new leaf. On the Chairman sentencing him to six months' hard labour prisoner said " l'll toss you up whethr r- it is to be six months or twelve months." (Laughter). Toole THE TOOLS.—Frank Swanton, a bricklayer living on Friars-green, was charged with stealing a bric:k hammer, a trowel and a chisel on April Bth, the property of Thitmas Liptrot.—lt appears that the prisoner had been living with the prosecutor, and on Thursday, April Bth, Liptrot went out leaving the tools in a cupboard. On returning, be found that the tools were missing. Information was given to the police and it was found that two of the three articles were rewired at a shop in Mersey-street by the prisoner. On being arrested prisoner said that his intentions were to borrow the tools, pledge them, and afterwards redeem them in order to repay the prosecutor. The prosecutor and George Buckley, the pawnbroker's assistant, corroborated the Chief Constable's statement. —lnspector Forster spoke to arresting prisoner, in Bridge-street the previous night. He found two pawn tickets corresponding with the pledged tools.—Prisoner was sent to gaol for one month with hard labour. Arresurren Bentley,of Hopwood- street, was charged with attempting to commit suicide by taking a quantity of liquid ammonia on Saturday night. —lt appears that on Saturday night prisoner was noticed to be very quiet. He afterwards went upstairs nnd took the poison .(a pennyworth of ammonia). He was conveyed to the Infirmary and the police were informed the following day. Bentley hed been out of work since August last and he was very much upset about it. He had consequently been drinking heavily. On prisoner promising not to attempt such a rash act again, the cese was dismissed. LODGING HOUSE TIIEFT.—SBDIIIOI Belmore and Mabel Heriety, of no settled abode, were charged with stealing frcm a lodging house on Friars Green a skirt and a shawl, the property of Lily Clarke.—The Chief Constable stated that the female prisoner went to lodge with Mrs. Clarke on the 16th Match, and asked her, for the loan of a shawl which Mrs. Clarke granted. Heriety went upstairs took the shawl and the skirt as well, and slecamned.—The prisoners were not heard of until Saturday night when 421ereity was arrested in Butter- market-street. While cil the way to the Police Station the male prisoner went up to the officer and said " You may as well lock- me up I am equally guilty. I had half the money." The male prisoner had served previous convictions but it was the woman's first offence.—Belmore was sentenced to one months hard labour and Heriety to 14 days. FRlDAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair) and other magistrates. PETTY ASSAULTS.—AIice Richardson, 13, Wellington- street, was charged with assaulting Elizabeth Davies, of Lord Nelsorentreet, on the 7th April.—ComPlainant stated that the defendant was one of a crowd of people which were round her house on the 7th of April. When she was told to go away the defendant pushed her in the face.—Mr. Browne, who apperred for the defence, said that his client bad nothing whatever to do with the bother outside the house. The complainant made use of some very rude remarks to her and defendant pushed her.—Defendant was bound over to keep the peace for six months and to find one surety of £5, also to pay the costs of the case (125. Gd.). Mary Jane Harrison' Amelia-street, was summoned for assaulting Hannah Booth, Amelia-street, on the

11th April.—Mr. Steel appeared for the complainant and Mr. Browne for the defendant.—Mr. Steel stated that there seemed to have been some ill-feeling between the two parties for some considerable time. On Sun- day morning the complainant's son was sent for some milk when he was set upon by the defendant's boy. Mrs. Booth went to complain abou& this to the defend- ant and defendant turned round and knocked com- plainant's head against the wall cauiing her nose to bleed.—Mr. Browne in defending, said that it. seemed to have been a "petty squabble" and the complainant's son was the aggressor. The Bench, after deliberation, fined defendant in the costs of the case (I2s. 6d.) RAILWAY TRESPASS.—Annie Morton, Deakens Yard, and Mary Mannion, Speakman's Yard, were each fined 3s. GI for trespassing on the London and North- Western Railway at the new crossings at Arpley. Mr. Tait, solicitor (London) prosecuted. Detective Clarke of the Railway police spoke to reporting the defendants.

i.:•.:,..- - - - • 7 - - , --, =-4 4 % ',!;..5i.,' ;r,-; 1 - i :', ! i .': ,-. 7:: ', - -.-, '-.: : -,. = . ,- ?, . - . . _. , 0.. .....1 .., , .., . ....., _ .......,.„ ........ ~....... ~..... = .. ._:.. .,...:•*umiTS._, _ ._ ..... . .4. " .' -• - . - ::: '7. •: .... . ....N.OS7f.;;.'"'•".-.... . i".:1'..: •-!• •,•:• ! ..:X.f.'• -- • • . • • • •

Warrington Borough Court.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
LADY BELL-RINGER.

Miss E. H. Ifacknann, daughter of Mr. R. ?trackman, of Spalding, took part in change-ringing on the bells of the Spalding Parish Church at Easter. This is the first occasion upon which a lady has taken part in bell- ringing in the district.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
DANCING ON SKATES.

When an applioation for a dancing lioence for a skat- ing-rink at Ashton-on-ribble was made to the Preston. Bench on Wednesday, the Chairman inquired whys dancing licence was required, and Ifr.Ambler. explained that if people waltzed on skates a dancing licence was required. The Chairman: They may require a doctor.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
Juvenile Court.

The first sifting of the newly-established Juvenile Court took place on Thursday morning after the ordinary Police Court business h:cl been disposed of.— The presiding magistrates were :—Mr. C. White (chair- man), Alderman Bennett, Colonel Ede!sten, Messrs. C. Jackson Holmes, W. Roberts, NV. Furness and W. T. Williams.

STREET TRADING WITHOUT A. BA b GE.—Peter Coll in, Friar's-green, was charged with selling matches in Bridge-street after the hyr*al hours, and also with trading is ithout a badge.—P.C. Clough stated that he saw the defendant in Bridge-street on the 13th of last month. He was hawking matches. He was nlso bare- footed and appeared to be in a negleated condition. Witness obtained his name and address. Defendant was trading two holm after time.—The boy said he had lost his 13,dge.—Defendant's brother said defendant would be 14 years of age in a few days, and he was going to commence work and give op street trading.— The Chief Constable said he would do all in his power to find the boy employment, and the ca,e was dismissed: FOOTBALL IN THE STREET.—Join Atkincon, John Carter, John Jackson and Peter Valentine, all school- boys, residing in Dial-street, were anron3oned for play- ing football in Dial-street on th 3 25th March.—They were discharged on promising to discontiLue the practice. _

'RAILWAY TIIESPASS.—Mnry Kimealey, of Dial -street, Was charged wirli trespassing on the London and North- Western Railway at Arpley Crossings on the 18th March. She was seen by Detective Clarke to cross the line in the direction of a coal stack. The case was dismis.sed on the payment of costs,

===== 0002601_19090417_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
Daresbury Petty Sessions.

At Stockton Heath on Tuesday, before Messrs. Roger Parr (chairman), F. W. Monks, George Dakin, Henry Roberts, Linnteus Greening and James llepherd. LICENSISG TRANSFER.--Alr. A. Browne applied for a transfer of the licence of the Hatton Arms, from the late Mr. John Kirkham to his widow, Mrs. Lavinia Kirkham.—The application was granted. OBSTRUCTION.—John Henry Davenport, "Shovel and Brush Farm," Stretton, was charged with obstructing the roa.-I opposite the Co-operative Stores, Stockton Heath,. on the 3rd March, by leaving a horse and cart standing there. The obstruction caused a delfiy of three rninutn to a tramcar.—He was ordered to pay the costs. WITIIOIIT A LIG RT.—Frank Kenyon. 34, Winwick- street, Warrington, vas charged with driving a cart on 3rd March without .a light in Runcorn-road.—He was fined 53. and costs.

MOvING PIGS WITHOUT A LICENCE.—Fred Simpson, Lower Whitley. as summoned for removing -pigs with- out a licence.—Fined 10s. including costs. ALLEGED SHEEP-WORIZYVG AT GRAPPEN HALL.

14IEDICAL OFFICER OF HEALTEI SUNIMONED. At Daresbury Petty Sessions on Tuesdhy,Dr..T. Cooto Hibbert, Medical Officer of Health for Warrington, was summoned for being the owner of a dangerous dog.— Mr. Browne who represented defeuthot said he dented that tile dog was dangerous. Constable Woods said he was on duty at -11.45 a.m. in Grappenhall on 3rd March when he saw a dog chasing sheep. It worried one of the sheep. Mr. Browne said the dog was with two ladies, Mrs. Hibbert and a friend of hers. Mr. Browne (to the constable) :—Were not these ladies in sight when you went inside the field :—They were about 200 yards away. _ _

M-r. Browne: The lady who was with Mrs. Hibbert was standing in the first gateway ?—No. Mr. Browne remarked that, the lady said that the dog never ran the sheep away at all, that the dog never went near the sheep end that they only ran away when the constable hit the dog.—This the con- stable denied. Dr. llihbert was then called and in answer to Mr. Browne said he had had the dog two months and that it had always teen under control, and had never run sheep before—at any rate not since be bad bad it. The dog had never been out of the house without someone in charge of it. Mr. Basket-vine, Whitley, the previous owner of the dog, said he bad it about 3 or 4 months and sold it to Dr. liibb(rt last January. It never ran sheep while witness had it, and it had many opportunities of doing so, for he used to take it through the lanes where the sheep were.. _

M. Hibbert said that whilst out sbe suddenly noticed that the dog ha i disappeared. On looking round she saw the policeman coming .out of the road. She went en ahead to see where the dog was and left Mrs. Mathias behind. She saw the policeman jump over the gate and immediately afterwards the dog jumped out. Witness said the constable told her that the dog had half killed a sheep. He pointed to the sheep and said it was over there. Witness could not see anything tho matter with the sheep.. . _ _ . - _

• Mrs. -Mathias said she was with Mre.Aibbert and when the dog was missed she jumped on to the gate to see whera it was. The dog was near the sheep but was not running them. The sheep were ouite quiet. She could not see anything the matter with the sheep. The policeman had said he had hit the dog, but it was not at all sore.

Mr. Browne addressing the Bench said the case was of a trivial nature. The dog had no feeling or any animus against the sheep. Because that dog unfortun- ately went into the field where sheep had been pre- viously worried it was assumcd by the police that more would be worried.

The case was disroisFed on payment of costs.

M.ATTHF.w FEARLEY, 5, Orchard-street, Stockton Heath, was also summoned for being the owner of a dangerous dog. It was stated by a constable thnt the dog had run some sheep round a field and then got hold of one. When the dog came out of (ho field its mouth was full of wool. •

The defendant said the dog ran tow'ardi the sheep, but it did not go nearer than 150 yard 3. Defendant was ordered to pay the costs.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON .BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The fortnightly meeting of the Warrington Bond of Guardians was held at the Workhouse on Wednesday, the Rev. T. R. Matthews presiding. There were also present :—Rev. M. Ryan, Dr. Murray, INTessrs. G. Mather, J. BillingeP W. Gill, A. J. Jolley, A. Brooks, W. C. Brooks, M. W. Seton, J. Cook, NV. Flan nag3n, NV. Houghton, R. Forshaw,- R. Bolton, E. L. Bent, A. Bottomley -(clerk), R. W. Peacock (assistant clerk), J. F. Awbery (master) awl A. Wright (superintendent of the Cottage Homes).

EXTRA REM UNER AT lON. - At a meeting of the Finance Committee the Clerk read a letter from the secretary of the Royal Com- mission cn the Poor law and Relief of Distress enclosing cheque value £7 13s. 01, stating that the Treasury at the instance of Lori George Hamilton, chairman of the Commission, had placed at the dis- posal of the Commission a sum of money for tlie purpose of distribution amongst the Poor Law authorities in the United Kingdom who were good enough to furnish statistical information for the Commission. Tie committee c,nsidered the work done by various officers in compiling the information and the extra remuneration granted to them, and decided to pay the £7 13s. to Mr. R. W. Peacock, assistant clerk, for.his services in connection with the return.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
TAXATION OF LAND VALUES.

The CLERK read a letter from the Clerk to the Poplar Guardians asking thv Board to support a resolu- tion urgently requesting that provision be made in the forthcoming Budget for a substantiartax on land table, both occupied and unoccupied, such tax to be used for the purpose of lightening the burden of the rates by providing out of the national funds for the necessary provision for the needs of the aged and infirm. It was further uquested that measures should be taken to secure the valuation and taxion of land values in such a manner that the great landlords should be compelled to bear their share of the cost of those public improve- ments which so largely and continually increased their rents.

Before reading the letter the CLERK said he thought the Board would decide that it was a political matter. Mr. BENT moved that the letter lie on the table. Mr. FLANNAGAN seconded and the motion was agreed to.

ANNUAL 11 EETING .

The annual meeting for the election of chairman and vice-chairman was axed for Wednesday, the 21st inst.

VOTES OF THANKS.

Mr. BILLINGE moved that a vote of thanks be accorded to the Chairman for his services during the past year. He said they would all he agreed that Mr. Matthews had conducted the business very expedi- tiously, and he had been specially endowed with those diplomatic qualities which made a successful chairman. The result a as that their work had bren very harmoni- ously and efficiently carried through. Mr. Billing° referred to the change in the clerkship which bad taken lace during the year, and after paying a tribute to Mr. button, said Mr. Bottomley had displayed business-like tact and aptitude, and under his able guidance the Board felt quite safe. They were fearing that when the report of the Poor Law Commission came out, they would

almost be wiped out of existence or turned adrift, but they felt that in the Chairman they had one who, when they were stranded, would brine them to the desired haven. During the year they had experienced an excep- tional amount of destitution brought about by depres- sion in trade, and the cases which had arisen had diminished the exchequer of the Union. They had, however, been efficieutly and systematically investigated and relieved. Mr. Matthews closed his year of office in love and charity with his colleagues, and he had been an ideal persomlity in the chair. Mr. A. BnooKs, in seconding, aaid the whole Board was thankful to 1%1 r. Matthews for the manner in which he had conducted the work. They did not forget that during the year he had been very nigh unto tbe valrey of the shadow' but they all rejoiced that be was with them to help them in municipal affairs. Messrs. Bent, Mather, Jolley and loorshaw, and the Rev. M. Ryan supported the motion which was carried with applause. The CHAIRMAN said ha thanked them all very march for their kind remarks but be thought too much had been said ("No, no.") He bad enjoyed the year's work very much; it appeared to have been a peaceful, corn, fortable and harmonious year. Of course, he had not bad the full benefit of the year's chairmanship, but that was no fault of his own. Still, when be had been able to attend be had enjoyed the business and the associa- tion vary much and he thanked them all most sincerely for their kind words concerning him. Thirteen years had passed since Ile became a member of the Board and at the end of that time he felt as happy and as juvenile at those meetings as he did when he joined the Board. (Applause.) The CHAIRMAN then moved a vote of thanks to the vice-chairman—" the übiquitous and versatile.. Mr. Mather."

Mr. A. Brtooxs seconied and said the breezy and g(nial way in which Mr. Mather bad conducted the business when rallod upon made his succession secure. The vote was heartily accorded and Mr. MATHER responded.

The groat festival of Easter Day was fittingly cele- brated at the Parish Church on Sunday and large congregations joined in the joyous s-crvices. The church with its rich decorations of spring flowers pre- sented a beautif.il picture. There we: e four celebrA- tions of the Holy Communion and the conimunicants numbered 851. The 10.30 service was fully choral, the interpretation of Eyre's dignified setting of the Communion office in E 114 t being devotional and impreo.sive. At the evening service the magnificent "Hallelujah chorus" was splendidly, rendered as an anthem, and at eight o'clock there 'VEII3 a vocal and org•in mital, Mr. A. Greenough being the vocalist. Mr. F.M. Darby, Mus. Bac., presided at the organ with his customary taste and skill.

- ..". S ' '' -+T ; , 4.14., - _: • - - t , , ._ -=- f_ f L,- •-.--- -- , - ...7 .S.:": -..._ -_-: .t..---*-- . -*- '' k . ). 4 x,,,, +.! - •,,„ s-. 4 . ; .. -... . . .. ~.. ~i.x...... „..„: ~. 1 : - / ,

Easter Services at tile Parish Church.

1 -.?? 11111evi .t- g.'

===== 0002601_19090417_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
Warrington Wesley Guilds. Presentation of the Challenge Shield.

A novel compAition has been t ikingiAace during the winter in connection with the various Wesley Guilds of the circuit. The Warrington Wesley Guild Council decided to present to the Guild who had the highest percentage of attendances at the devotional meetings,a silver shield. This trophy was won by the Bewsey-read Guild,whose percentage was much higher than:my of the others. The presentation to.)1( place in the Latchford Wesleyan schoolroom, where all tho Guilds were repro- smted,on Tuesday evening. The Rev. Thomas Glad dog presided aud,w.as supported by th) Rev. E. B. Keeling, Dr. James Bennett and Mr. Plinston.—The Chairman gave some encouraging remsrks to the Guilders, and ilia Rev. E. B. Keeling in making the presentation to the secretary of the successful Cult] (Mr. W. Healey) said he was very glad that he himself was president of that Guild, and it was a great 'honour for the Bewsey-rond Guild to be the first winners of the. shield. An excel- lent musical programme was given and the artistes were as follows : Miss M. Jones and the Misses Bennett, Messrs. H. Nurse, T. Cladding and William Lowe.. The accompanists were Misses Gladdino, Jones and Lowe. The refreshments that wore provided were very mach enjoyed. On the proposition of Dr. Bennett, seconded by Mr. G. A. Leach, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the Chairman, Rev. E. B. Keeling, and those mho hl made the evening a thoroughly pleasant one.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
Bewsey-road Wesley Guild.

There are many -things in the Wesley Guild which can be commended, and the fact that there is a feeling of real brotherhood and sisterhood existing amongst the members is one worthy of record. Although the season of the Guild is over, they are to be kept •in touch with one another during the summer. They,have arranged a cycle club and the first of the runs took place last Saturday when about thirty young peop'e set off for Rostherne. Like most youn; people they were not exactlyessatisded with the comparatively short distance travelled, so they spun along until they reached Booth Bank, where they bad an enjoyable tea. The entity? was voted a capital ono an! Warrington was reacb;d about 9 o'clock. Although the weather was inclement on Easter Monday the members and friends of the Guild realised that it was Bank Holiday* aad that they must have a good time - somehow. They decided on a ramble to Moore, hut the "ramble to Moore," had to be a ramble on the train. However, "everything comes to him whn waits," and the fine weather clme when they steamed into the station. Arrived there they went for a long walk into the country. Forgetting the laws of the land, "that nobody shall pity football in a pub- lic road," the 3 oung men punched a ball about with, great glee. Tea was served in the Wesleyan school- room and afterwards they we t to Miss Bessie Dutton's house, where a devotional meeting was held. After this croquet and other games were indulged in. The party " rambled " home in earnest at 7.30, after .a verb enjoyable outing.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
Rev. E. B. Keeling on Modern England.

The Rev. E. B. Keeling preached at BeTvsey-road Wesleyan Church on Sunday. In the evening he took his text from Ist Corinthians' Ist chapter, 45-47 verses. In the course of his sermon he stud the lower life had the start of the higher. Tke37 never saw anything refine' in the tastes and inclinations of a baby. As one lookod-over the life of England to-day, and as they read the paper, and as they looked on the direction of popular thinking and popular speaking and all the rest of it, it looked uncommonly as if we were in the baby stage. What did a rich man care aboat ? Why, getting a bit richer, and when he did get richer he looked mainly aft“ his bodily conifort. That was the cry of the people to-day. For a little more to eat and drink and pleasure they would do almost anything. They talked about eight hours a day for work, eight hours a day for pleasure, and eight hours a day for steer*. He did not grudge them those things' but he should like earnestly to know a little bit of something Weber than the demands of our body. Just think of the ' tremendous energy that was used in this country to-day—the manufacture of machinery and,the work that machinery had to do when it was made; the building of vessels, the engineering of them, and all the trades that were concerned with machinery. What was it all for? There must be some great end to be served by that gigantic energy. We were all spoiling the climate with smoke, we were spoiling the conutry with streets, we were making nature hideous and we were working like nriniacs all the day. What was it for? That men might ba fed and clothed. Men wanted that which was natural first, and afterwards that which was spiritual. If one hundredth part of the energy that went to making clothing and bread were given to the salvation of the race, just think of the change that would bike place. Still nobody MIS ever content with those things and nobody ever had been. The rich had learnt the deceitfulness of riches. There was no need for them to work; their income was assured • but they' must have some exciting amusement, or .life would become tedious. That meant that riches could do next to nothing to provide satisfaction. Man could not, be content with mere earthly things. There was no higher compliment fore Christian than to be called &Christian. The men in the slums knew when a man was good. Look at, Christ's life end they could see it at work. If anyone could preach to-day as Jesus Christ preached, there would be no empty pews, and there would be no buildings big enough. It was a curious thing that the capacity for God came out. The old life had to be got under if the new life were to thrive. A Man must be prepared to have his tastes, and his whims, and his fancies knocked to smithereens if he were going to be a Christian.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
FUNERAL OF THE LATE DR. TWYFORD.

The funeral of Dr. E. P. Twyford, J.P., who died under such sad and tragic circumstances on Thursday last, two days after the funeral of his only daughter, took place at noun on Saturday. The Mayor and a number of magistrates and members of the Council were present, and there was a large attendance of townspeople.—The funeral service was conducted by the Rev. L. J. Rich, vicar of St. Thomas's, St. Helens, and the Rev. J. G. Howson, of St. Andrew's Cianrch, Southport. The mourners were :—Mr. Penrose Gray (grandson), Mr. J. Gray (Dalkeilh); Dr. Reid, Dr. Masson, Messrs. Eric and Ronald Reid, Keith Masson, W. Wille3cle, 0. G. Williams, and J. Fairhurst, Sir David Gamble, B-trt., Mr. liarry Gamble, Dr. Bassett, Superintendent Baxendale, county police, Prescot ; Dr Gaskell, Dr. Jackson, Rev. B. S. Clarke (Eccleston), Miss Lewis, Mr. J. Appleton, the Mayor of St. Helens (Councillor A. J. Foote),- Chief Constable Ellerington, Mr. J. Hamlin, Colonel R. W. H. Thomas, Colonel J. W. APTear, Colcoel W. W. Pilkington, Dr. Brunskill, Mr. Nowell Richardson (Rainford), Mr. B. Brew is, Rev. C. C., B. Bardsley, Dr. Challenor, Messrs. W. Tyrer, J.P., W. Middlehurst, J.P., W. H. Leach, J.P., and Mr. James Cook.

LINSEED COMPOUND ' for Coughs and Colds. Of proven efficacy. Of Chemists only. 91(1.,15.1ic1.,25.9d.-Advt

• Speaking in the drill-hall, Carlisle, on Tuesday 'evening, Mr. Ure, the Lord Advocate, 'made some striking allusions to current politics. Referring to trade depression and unemployment,- he said the perfect cures for this must be left to the quacks and the - charlatans. of public life. (kar, hear.) All thoughtful .men had now seen that, although there were many palliatites, 'many temporary expedients, to tide us over emergencies, they were only palliatives after all, and we had not yet reached the very root of -the mischief. Thoughtful men, to whatever political party they belonged, any Government of whatever _party in this country, must concentrate their attention upon the problem of unemployment, and must endeavour to reach the heart of the problem. The

CAUSES OF UNEMPLOYMENT were many and various, and he suspected that the remedies must be many and various too. That was the belief of his Majesty's present Ministers, and they were determined before they left office to do what in them lay to find out same permanent remedy for this want bf employment amongst our own people. (Cheers.) The main lines on which they must proceed were very clearly marked out for the Government, he thought, but he observed that their political opponents were going to the country at the next general election on their remedy for lack of employment. For the first time in the memory of the oldest politician he was now addressing, the Tory party had a constructive policy Avhich they were going to lay before the country—Tariff Reform (laughter and cheers.) Tariff Reform was now presented in two entirely separate and distinct shapes. "It is presented to you," he continued, "by the leaders of the Tory party, Mr. Balfour and his colleagues, in one shape ; it is pre- sented in a very different shape by the

BIB:ZEN-THROATED TUB THUMPERS (laughter), who I see at street corners whenever a by-election is in progress, and wherever two or three are gathered together" (laughter and cheers), Mr. Balfour and his colleagues believed in the efficacy of legitimate foreign competition, Which. acted as a stimulus to British trade. They would exclude th 3 foreigner, , but their remedy was small and wide- spread duties, which were to supply the revenue that was to give 'old-age pensions and other social reforms, 'which- they dangled before the eyes of the people. Small duties was a relative term, but if these duties ,were to he allowed they would embrace, at the least computation, 2,009 different articles. On a moderate estimate it would cost the country about 31 millions to collect the duties. and it would get out of them about five millions. So foe a million and a half they were. to turn .upside down the whole trade of the country. The common people of this country would-not now submit to taxes being laid on the necessities of life (cheers). The Lord Advo- cate contended that this taxation would brit ig a large burden upon the common people, and he added, "I wonder what. the dukes and marquises and earls, who met among my .fellow- citizens the other day; would say if they had to sub- mit to what was tantamount to an additional income tax of Bd. or 10d. in the pound." if that were so the patriots would, squeal, and we should hear very little of extra Dreadnoughts being built. (Laughter and cheers). But Mr. Balfour's Tariff Reform was not that which won by-elections in England, never in Scotland. (A. Voice:, "'What about GlAsgow ?") It did not win it there. His friend Mr. Scott-Dickson was too wise a man to believe in this nonsense, and his fellow-citizens knew too well what they were about. ("But you cannot get .over the fact that you were beaten," shouted another member of . the audience). "But," remarked Mr. Ure,"We Were not beaten by Tariff. Reform." (Cheers.) The other section of Tariff Reformers were those who wanted to • keep the foreigners out, do all the work in this country, and then would come the millennium—to-day or to-morrow. (Laughter and a Voice : "That's not so.") If these noisy gentleman had- their, way the last stage would be worse than the first. Mr. Ure then' entered into a long detailed .argumeht in favour 'of the

TAXATION OF :LAND VAIXES.

le contended that there should be set down in the rate book the true market value of the land, and the owner's contribution to the rates should be in exact proportion to its market price. They in Scotland sent up a bill to the Lords on the land, question, and it emerged transformed into a piece of harmless imbecility. - (Laughter.)."_ Was the country to - wait. indefinitely until those, gentlemen had mastered the land question? Were ,they to wait for those laggards? "I think," he proceeded; "We must get it somehow, and I believe most of us know a way by which we can dispense with those gentlemen's services. (Cheers). I am not saying at this moment whether that course will be taken or not • and I am not in the secrets of my friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer. Even if I were I know my duty too well to disclose them to you to-night. The position of one like myself, who is inside the Government, but outside. the Cabinet, is singularly embarrassingg- He , has to put a bridle on his tongue. What -.th Government asked for was that the House of Lords should give the two-party system fairplay. 'Let them' do . for the Liberals just the same as they did for the Govormrient which pre— ceeded them. (Hear, hear). But what the present Government meant to do was to restore complete and absolutely 'untouched the ancient rights and privileges .of the freely-chosen representatives of the people." (Cheers).

===== 0002601_19090417_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
SCIENCE NOTES AND NEWS.

RIVALLING THE DIAMOND'S HARDNESS. Tantalum is a serious rival of the diamond OA regards hardness. In an attempt made to bore a hole through a tantalum plate a dia- mond drill was Osed, revolving 5,000 times ,per minute. After continuous drilling for seventy hours it was found that a small dent about 100th of an inch deep had been,made; it was a doubtful question which substance had suffered the greater damage.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
TELEPHONE WIRES ON ICE.

In laying the telephone wires to the Regina Margherita Meteorological Observatory on Mount Rosa it was found impossible to use either the overhead or underground method. The snow and glacier ice prevent the latter, and the fear of storms the former. On the other hand, an insulated cable would sink in the ice if laid on it. So the plan has been tried of laying the wire on the ice itself, trusting to this for insulation. This is the highest telephone line in Europe, the obser- vatory standing at a height of 14,5981 t. DEPTH AT WHICH MINERS CAN WORK. Below 501 t. the temperature rises in the .proportion •of ldeg. for every 65ft. of depth, except where currents of water carry the heat away. The result is that at a depth of about 4,000 ft. we reach a temperature of 98deg., or blood heat. This renders it exceedingly diffi- cult to work coal pits below that depth. This is the reason that Great Britain's Coal Com- mission decided that mines are not workable below 4,000 ft. The thickness of the solid rocks building up the crust of the earth is .at least thirty to forty miles: At that depth the heat is such as would reduce everything on the surface of the earth to liquid. But the pressure of the overlying rocks is so great that until the relation of the heat to the pressure is known it cannot be said whether the earth at that depth is fluid or solid.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WESLEY GUILD.

Conference at Manchester.

[SPECIAL REPORT.]

The Wesley Guild Constitution received the sanction of the Wesleyan Methodist Conference which met at Liverpool in 1893, and the Guild has now nearly com- pleted its thirteenth year as an organic part of the Church. It owes its inception to the disquiet occasioned by the failure of the church to retain its young people in its fold. The state of affairs in the early nineties led to the petitioning of Conference and to the appoihtment of a committee to enquire into the whole question and formulate a scheme. The Rev. C. H. Kelly was the impelling force and at his invitation the Rev. W. B. Fitzgerald read a paper before the committee describing an institution he had organized at Roscoe Palace,Leeds,desigued to accomplish the very objects that the Conference desired. The committee were so impressed with the work of Mr. Fitzgerald that, with one or two minor alterations, the scheme he outlined was recommended to Conference and adopted. From that time the progress Of the Guild numerically intellectually and spiritually has been steady and con- tinuous; it is a Methodist institution and its objects are to make young Christians, to make Christians work, and to make young Christians work to the best advantage. I cannot now attempt to relate the Complete historical story of the Wesley Guild but it is a story well worth the telling. Realizing that the best results are to be obtained from the free interchange of ideas the Central Council, with the Connectional Secretary, Mr. Fitzgerald, have arranged biennial conferences of workers. The first held at Sheffield was attended by over five hundred representatives from all parts of Great Britain, the second conforence just con- cluded in Manchester brought together 720 delegates from places so far- apart as Aberdeen in the* North, Newquay and the Channel Isles in the South and from the Eastern seaports to the Isle of Man. The Conference proper began on Easter Monday morning but delegates commenced to arrive on Saturday morn- ing and the local Committee, with the Rev. H. Mudie Draper at their head, had made capital arrangements to fill up the interval in ways profitable both to the individual and to the organization as a whole. ...On Saturday afternoon the magnificent "John Rylands " Library was thrown open and the chief librarian, Mr. H. Guppy, delivered a lectUre on Books before printing," taking the mind back through the ages to the dim and misty days when the centre of civilisation was in the East, the days of Babylonism, of Persian and Egyptian power. In the evening the Deputy-Mayor of Manchester, Councillor Harrop and Mrs. Harrop received the delegates and friends in the new Whitworth Art Gallery; a splendid opportunity was thus afforded for the making of friendships and the renewal of those formed two years ago in Sheffield. Previous to the reception there had been a meeting of District Secretaries, under the chairmanship of the Rev. W. J. Moulton, M.A., who discussed the important work of district organization. Your correSpondent not being a .District Secretary cannot relate the proceedings but he understands that many points were considered for perfecting the in tchinery. , •

-On Easter Sunday the churches in the Manchester and Bolton Districts had arranged special services in view of the visit:of the Guilders. At many Holy Com- munion was. celebrated at eight. o'clock - arid so on Easter Day some hundreds of young Methodists united in the Sacrament in remembrance of the Lord's death till His coming again. An afternopn Musical and devotional service under Mr. Fitzgerald's presidency was a time of great • spiritual .refreshing. The topic was "Out and out Christianity," Mr. Bowen of Leigh, Arr. Gregory of Aldershot, Miss Davies of Finchley and the Rev. F.J. Pope of London, speaking on "Belief," "Enthusiasm," Work" and "Loyalty to the Church." The time was all too short for the number who had testimonies to give after the lead of the above speakers. - Monday morning found the .Central. Hall filled by 9 o'clock for a devotional 'service. The Rev. T. Ferrier Hulme, M.A., -gave an address on "Our 'Field of Labour" directing the minds of :his hearers to the high and sacred trust confided to them And invoking the blessing a the Heavenly Father upon the Con- ference. At ten o'clock the business session com- menced, Mr. Russell Roseveare, of Plymouth, read a piper on "THE COMPREHENSIONS OF THE GUILD."

He spoke on the wisdom of preventing overlapping and of seeing that the energies were not frittered away in unprofitable channels. There was, he said, a field ' of labour so large, so fertile and so full of possibilities as to inspire them to the highest consecration and service. As Methodists they must work in and through their Church, and their ambition must be to keep the Church worthy of its high calling and noble tradition and to increase its efficiency. Alluding to the zeal of youthful members the speaker submitted that it was imperative to put them to definite work at the risk of a few mistakes. He thought the Guild an ideal institution for creating a sense of civic and national responsibility, and urged the importance of the Methodist Union for social- service. Mr. Roseveare deplored the spirit of commercialism that pervaded present day football. He recognised that it was a fine, healthy recreation, which 4.1, young man should be able to enjoy without, getting into doubtful company. —Mr. E. S. Baynes initiated a discussion, many speakers bearing witness to the philanthropic, social and spiritua work being done throughout the country.—The Rev. H. Bisseker commended special evangelistic services for the more highly educated young people. He did not criticise the methods of present evangelistic work. His life in London had made him a staunch believer in such work. But he knew there were types of people who were not touched by these methods and there was more than one entrance into the Christian life. The Rev. W. J. Moulton MA., summed up'the discussion in the form of a resolution urging the necessity of all Guilds taking the widest and most comprehensive view of the field of service. Mr. David Rycroft. of Blackpool introduced the subject of the Junior Guild pleading for careful direct teaching for the children according to their capacity and the gradual and progressive training of them for a place in the Church in later years. An animated discussion followed which brought out many helpful suggestions. TIIE PRESIDENT OF THE CONFERENCE

the Rev: Dr. Scott Lidgett., then gave an address. His seceptiOn was " rousing," despite adverse critieism in some quarters. Young Methodism is with the President in his stand on the Licensing question. He said : "If anyone taking a gloomy view of Methodism and its prospects could be present hero and listen to what has transpired this morning be would be ashamed of himself and cast away•bis f( ars. I cannot adequately express 'my sense of the public spirit and Christian devotion which have caused sl many to come from all parts of the country and devote their Easter holidays to the considemt ion of the subjects presented here to-day. I consider the ,establi,hment of the Wesley Guild throughout the -fand.means that a now wave of great and gracious influence is going to break over the Church, and that a higher tide of spiritual life of self-denying devotion is going to revive God's work. The strength of the church in the days in which we live is in the accession to its ranks of young men and women, steeped in the highest and hest influence, first of all to be moulded by the Spirit of Christ and then to mould their generation to His will. There are some people who fear lest the Wesley Guild should introduce into the church a spirit of frivolity, and lest its members should form some- what self-centred clubs to minister to their mutual enjoyment rather than to the service of the world. Whatever may be the occasional danger—and no great movement can be carried on that is not exposed to occasional danger—the spirit which animates this Conference is the very best augury that all those evils will be overcome and that you will he able to enlist every influence and every activity in the Guild for those highest purposes for which it should be carried on—a deeper apprecia- tion of the meaning of the Gospel and a greater power to set it forth, both in word and in deed." FINANCE.

The evening session was remarkable for the. reception accorded. Dr. Lidgett. When he entered to take the chair the whole company rose and cheered for some minutes. He made an appeal to the Wesley Guild to help in-the cause of Foregn Missions. The accounts showed a decease in subscriptions of £3,000, and with an increased "expenditure the anticipated deficiency was about £6,000 to £7,000. The response was instantaneous, nearly £7OO being promised in a few minutes. Let me ask the Warrington Circuit Guilds to do their share, their representative promised £s—a very -small sum considering the numerical strength. A discussion on the " Social Responsibilities of Young Methodists "was opened by Mr. T. W. Barlow, of Accrington, and delegates were invited to submit questions. Very many were handed in and were replied to very concisely anl explicitly by the Rev. H. Carter, who is recognised as an authority on Social Service:

During the afternoon service hundreds of the

,

delegates visited the Chief Fire Station to witiles a display under the direction of Mr. F. Bayliss, Chief Olken About 600 visited the Cathedral for Evenr song, and afterwards the Dean (Bishop Weldon) anu Canons Scott and Kelly conducted them round tile building, the Dean in a brotherly address welcoming "his fellow Christians to the Cathedral." On Tuesday, Dr. J. Hope Moulton, M.A., D. Litt.' D.D., gave an address on

"THE GAINS OF BIBLICAL CRITICISM." He commended his hearers not to be afraid of earnes; criticism of the Bible, at the 'same time he 'Warne," them not to adopt off-hand and new ready-Inane' theology. Modern thought and knowledge must 10 kept pace with, but the Guilders supreme luSilless was to bring new knowledge into correlation with 016 great Book and the Man. The 'net result of criticiso, was that the Bible was purged of everything Nvhiclß was not actually in it—although popularly supPos4 to be—and secured everything that was really there' It left the Bible in the form it ought to have taken 14 first. In essential and fundamental facts it brougll us back to Christ. _ _

Mr. T. H. Pugh (of Bolton) Mr. G. W. Ridlor (Hexham-on-Tyne) and Mr. Badams (Walsall), gaCt: addresses on Recruiting and- Look-out work, seVerat useful suggestions were given and in the discussiori many. fresh ideas and 'original devices were shown to be in operation successfully in different parts of tile country.

-Wh;te- ver else may be the results of the Conference —and- they .cannot fail to be beneficial and far-reacir ing—the delegates have returned to their homes wit' a broader outlook, a wider vision and a deepening and strengthening of their loyalty and devotio4 Methodism and to their Lord and Saviour Jestle Christ •

W.E.P-.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF MR. JOHN HATTON.

Mr. John Hatton, who was at one time a velis familiar figure in Warrington., passed away on Goo(' Friday at 34, Leinster Gardens, Runcorn, where. h", had lived in retirement for some years. The decease", gentleman, who h ad attained the ripe age of 80, ha" been failing in health for some four years, and had to relinquish the quiet walks abroad which he used enjoy so frequently. He, however, took a grE't interest in literature and spent many happy hours O, his library.. When in Warrington Mr.Hatton ocCuptea a very respected place amongst the prominent trades' men of the town. Born at Harper's Farm, Padg,ate, on April 26th, 1828, he was in 1842 apprenticed to the late Mr. Isaac Piekton, chemist, at the shop noW occupted by the National Boot Company in Horse- market-street, Warrington. The business was suhse" quently removed to Market Gate where Mr. Rattail was taken into partnership and the firm becaur known as Pickton and Hatton. Mr. Hatton was 1" business for 55 years. He was a devoted Church- man and was warmly attached to Holy Trinity -Churc. of which he was 'the first people's warden, being appointed in 1870 and continuing in office for Over 20 years. He was one of the founders of the Warring ton Working Men's Permanent Benefit Building Society, and was the last of the original trustees? 3 position he held up to the time of his death. Although .had t4evered his connection with Warrington, IP.' Hatton never failed to take an interest in its affalr4 and he possessed a rich store of reminiscences of the Warrington of bye-gone days. He leaves a widow and four children—three daughters and, one son,

THE FUNERAL. The funeral took pines very quietly at the Warring' ton Cemetery on Tuesday afternoon, the Rev. E. C. Carleton - Carleton 'officiating. The chief mourners were Mr. George Hatton (sen), Miss Hatton, Miss Sophie HOW° and Miss Harriett Hatton (daughters), Mr. James Hatt of; (brother);- Miss Hatton, Sankey (niece), Mr. James Davidson (nephew). Messrs. George Hatton, John, Hatton, Ernest Hat ton and John Hatton (neptievs, acted as hearers. The Warringten Workingmen's Build- ing Society as represented by Mr. James Harding (trustee), Mr. J. Longland (solicitor), and Mr. Peter Dalton (secretary.) Messrs. T. Welsby and James Huffing also attended ns friends of the deceased gentle- man gad sidesmen of Holy T. laity Church. Wreaths - were placed over the grave from the widow and children, "Rosa," "Henry and Betty," "All at Sankei Lodge," and lir. James and Miss Harding.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
VOCE OF CONDOMNCE.

- - - At the annual va3try meeting in connection wi,tl,l Holy Trinity Chu-ch on Tuesday evening, I%lr. i• WELSBY said tbe late Mr. Hatton was an old member of that congregation and had given a cod° deal of time t the interests of the church. He proposed that vote of condo'ence be sent to the widow end family.

MT. JAMES HARDING seconded. The VICAR remarked that the fate Mr. Hatton served the church continuously for twenty years, snd entirely aeresd wi:h the proposition. Mr. G. F. F. WHITE (vestry clerk) observed that Mr• Hatton was the first people's warckn a.. that churcb, being appointed in IS7O. He served alone with (Mr. White's) father, who was vicar's warden. - The propoLition was carried.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
Trouble on Trouble.

First Rheumatism, then Eczema, developed from a Chill.

Both disorders promptly yielded to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills.

, There is a striking illustration of the old proverb that troubles never come singly in the misfortunes of health, that befel Mrs. Catherine Burgess, of 36, Furnace Hill, Chesterfield. A simple chill led to a• ' disordered state of the Blood, and this gave rise to the rapid development of two most aggravating and painful disorders Rheumatism and Eczema. At length, Mre• Burgess took Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and through the rich, red blood these pills sum-40 ' she was completely cured. Describing her case to reporter, Mrs. Burgess said I had taken a lopi ) -.S• . walk one trying day loci\ ›.; . returned home tired and ..----=- - . overheated. . Foolishll I sat in a draught and y-- -- ~ • 4 Nt.,,,,5 , br `loq, thus caught a chill. 3ill ' ''', •- •-• ''-' v'iWV iiisi iloji bead felt dizzy, my eyes ..1 I,:ili I ygl4 burned, and cold shiver 3 . t.,f.A.N.L..,,,-k-;:-.------- ran down my spine. -'- '`' t:W4ilr"-• A "Then followed sharP . . - . . tV'S,-,_ p agonising pains in OY, -,_-.1 - shoulders and back a 3- at length my arms and •,+: J ~,,,. legs were tortured Wit!' ( acute stinging paiug' In a few days I vos racked with Rheumatisat • \\ 0 from my shoulders t° ti ) -- _ 0 ~.o.t•-..- my feet. • ...,...s><: =------,ope_s,.----,-- "Later, I lxcanl° C!;.•••"" aware that I Ir3s r. •••<,,,•-• .. ancemic. The chill had affected my blood oa Tired and Overheated: this was weakening la Caught a Chill: . " constitution. I Ival. Rheumatism with Eczema: languid, nervous, Oa Dr. Williams' Pink Pills very pale. The weak- Cured hcr. ness with the tortures, of Rheumatism made almostuny exertion impossible and I had the greatest difficulty in looking after the, . household. Then eruptions formed on my skin, all' an extremely irritating inflammation spread over we' It proved to be Eczema, and made me most.unsightlY- " I had tried remedies for the Rheumatism witholA ' relief, but knowing that Eczema was a blood diseasei and being thoroughly run down and nervous, I wadi° up my mind to try Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, for I ba" read of most obstinate cases being cured by these pigs' " I got a supply. and took them regularly.- After I; . few days' treatment my nerves were calmed, and th° . pains in my legs, shoulders and arms diminished et 91,1- siderably. As I continued Dr. Williams' Pink rao my veins were fed with new blood, and I lost th° sickly pallor on My , face. Then the pains of Rhea; matism left me; the inflammation of tie skin Eczema were also rapidly disappearing. I persevere': with the treatment, and my general health improvedr wonderfully. In a remarkably short time all trace Rheumatism, Eczema and Anannia vanished and I completely cured." . . /or Here is positive proof of the great value, IA internal and external disorders, of the Rich, Be'' Blood that only Dr. Williams' Pink Pills can tual"e" Through this , new blood these pills supply -01-er; flowing strength, sound nerves, and a clear, health. skin. Besides Amemia. Rheumatism, and Eczeall; they have nlso cured Debility, Indigestion, Nerycl.,l, Co., iii Disorders, St. Vitus' Dance and Paralysis; invalna,l also for the aches and ills that afflict women. ~- a box, or 13s. 9d. for six, post free, from Dr. Williali ' Medicine 46, Holborn Viaduct, London. Alg° iii always ,•dealers ; but substitutes will' not cure you, '.: always ask for Dr. Williams', ?•,!-:.•'-'''-' ' '

•.•; •

leY 'rat

RINC ZU FUERSTENBERG.

sc- toll 1110

ing ter res le-

BUELOW'S SUCCESSOR.

• Prince Zu Fuerstenberg expects to step Into Von Enelow's shoes as German Vice- Chancellor. The Prince is the Kaiser's eotnin cc, but Von Wedel, who will be the Choice of the people, will prove a very g rong rival to the Prince. The appointment is • t Important from the point of view that he German Vice-Chancellor may be said to hold the-peace of Europe in his land.

PICTURES OF THE WEEK.

• O-::::.'nt':t2afiti*Vi,:.*.f,; • 0: . .",':;%744:74.51,;;-•44N;M* • • -: • . . • - . • • • `•-• ; 1

===== 0002601_19090417_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
'-'1

NEW TURKISH AMBASSADOR:

===== 0002601_19090417_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
TEWFIK PASHA.

An trade ltas been issued by the Sultan approving the appointment of Tewfik Pasha as Turkish Ambassador in London. Tewfik Pasha, who is an ex-Minister of Foreign Affairs, comes to London with the reputation of being a clear-sighted Statesman of great ability.

THE WINNERS OF THE ARMY CUP. THE PRINCESS OF WALES HANDS OVER THE TROPHY.

b The Army Cup was won by the 2nd Battalion of the Royal Irish Rifles at Aldershot on 'aster at Monday. The Prince and Princess of Wales with two of their children were present th of 0, e game, and at the finish the Princess of Wales handed over the trophy to the captain —c winning team.

A RESULT OF THE CHILDREN ACT.

NURSES AT THE TAVERN DOOR.

The Children At does not permit children to enter licensed premises, and, as a ict-sequence, nurses are being placed outside public-houses to look after the youngsters. 14104 tavern in the East End of London theP nurses were kept very busy throughout Easter konday, and at one period of the forenoon they were in charge of over twenty small boys ‘4 girls. The innovation, it appears, is likely to become general.

,•,;.:....,,f.t.., . . .. . . . . ..:,...;..,::i..?::.',.. . . . -. . . :•;,4:::::.ii,::::.:1i'ii::::.•:,,:i?:,,1,,,..i-jii,-;:i::::Kr;i:1:i...-;:,.....i,:..i,:::::.:ia:ii.:?:::::::;:',...il:::',:.::.i:i:,'::::.:::;:,i...1::::]:::::*:::::::.:;,::::,•:::,-....‘,,..*:•.::•••,::::::•:::.,.....:::,.:::.:::•:•:•,:,..,,,•:,:',.:,'. ,:.:.:•:.:::.:.:.:•:•:•:.:,..:.:,..,:•:;:::::::::::::,,,,::::,:•::•::,:,.........e.:::,:::::,,,,,,:::-:,------:-::-- . , ''-•-•.'ii*.i,:ii:i:*:4...iii.i.,iRii....ii:.;i...]::::::::giff..i...i*U:Nii:Wiiiii:?..*:,';:::::.:*:i.:.i'::i:Kii:i:i:::::::::::::::::,:::::*,:::::::::::::::::::::::K•1:•:,:•:::•:::::.*,,,:::::::::•.,„..A:::'.:,...::::::',.':?6.-::.'::'ii.::**,t;,',.:*.( „ • ....,.....,.. . • -..-.;.. .....4............ ... . . •• • .....::...:....:•:,.....:.,,,......,,,,,..:::::::::::::::::::::::,::::,:*:,*!:!::;:.:,,:n::,M:i::::;::::,2:1S.:%::,..K*,-.-0,:::;:::,::•i,:::.., : . :;•::::•.i:::::,-',.::::.:D::;,.:-::::::::..c.....::::::,...m:;:...:...:.*:•;::.:,,:if,:i.::•' '..f..1.:;1!c";::i:1,:::;::i:iii:!::4A.,::::::::i.:::: . > ~: ' :,:. . .'.. . - "..:....:.F.ii•,....:..::'::::::,:nerNiMO:': ..iiiiiqiiia'Ziit:i:i.:,ii4:::::.:i:::ii'•,,:.:l.....;-.::::.:. .. -. : • ~,:' •••:,:,..,.....,,:* . ~,..:,,,,,,,,..'..::::'..:,'.*i::,i*:. :*:.::...::4:::*•i:'.:,'."*.:,:.!::::n,:.:'.'''..i.t.X!,:::..7' • , ~ ; .. ~'::::::":,,, : ~.. : :.. ....,::::',..„.• ::.1 ~.r...„_.7.,...;?::',:iir. ..1'...;:, . . '..:l:.::'.'::*: i*:',:..1....':',,'...'.:::.;.:.•::....',...........'*;%:?',..:.:::'':::':-.:*:.:' • :it' ':.' . .. ',:-' t.p...... „„:. :.:...:-,:i,:,..,,....„......:....:.„.,.ii.::::::....,.............wz1t:.:•-:,.,...1:,2.K...........,.4.:,;..,]::::4„:453t.i.::::. .......,..:,,,-..,.:.., •..-,,,,:,,,,,:.,,..,....7,i,,,,,i.:L...:..,,,,,,..,........... ...,;,.,....:.,:::.,..;,...,..:.:..:::...v...:...,,,,t,......,..,,....,.,:.:.::::::,.,.1..a..,":":...::,:::0„,:,:..,..:;.:....„,.,;,:::;,.,„.;„ .. ...„:„.,;,,,,,,,J,....„.c.„:„.:,,, ,„.,.. .iu..„. v::..:,..:,!,,,,...::i 4 •.;i:...V.‘ t :ii..- :• ' .::-....:.:.:i,".• .I.4it::'• • •:".:.';':Var. - -.. :ii:iii4".k.;:-•-.. .:1ii.,;:i!i::..,.:::......-,:l.:. --.-7' -, - ' ...,•,*..' ~.:.:. ' • ' . .7.::.+*. .. $4: ."'T •-•••••::''. ..':.-,'iiiik::•-::Aii:ii.,?.::t... ' - •.'•_:•'•.1.44-.% .::•:•;z44...'.4 ..:1.:',,:-•Y...*0-0:0:i.jk:::::ii-mil:::::iii.:•:if ...•'••••:.-•* ::.:57-*:7:::::',. . :...6.!i*..-...:1ir..:.:*.i„....;-::.. ..;-...: :;:.i.::::,;•:.,:i....: .......::*:l::.!"4.iliti. •- .111P:?...11:,:.:.!..:.!..ii,.:::?.§...,..,:::.:.4411.-4--:!'-liVIR. • ':,. . :',',..* ~.-..H.-.........•.'.;:7.- ..-..:'.::::!:::::.'ff:i..;77,;,'...,.::!-N, ::410.r.0-4Atflit. •-•7 .-;...,....) .....: 7 -....-.'..i..' . .;'. '-'••••.... ''''::::.::':-....:.:::::., :14*AtiMe:07.*:-4.:;..-..:..-• ' •••• ..,',... :-----' . ..&...i. ..: . i•-•,..,..,..::,5,.,-....:::::::.::„.„ -.. ... ..,-,,.::.,::..g):::,.......'.,,,:..:::,:;:imitmt4..<.:1..i.iiii:i ".:.i:,:,,,,w,',.;?-4...,....4..;.t...-.,:-....:,.::::•-•.' --- , . :::::::'::::',:i4ii: :::'7;:;:.'Y'• .....:;-7•:•:::::-Wiy n:r• • - ': ''",,k-ii' eit*:.,. - I:.tiii.:iai.,:•:"Magg..Mat-i76.:Aifaifti.ii:Oiiii.- ~ ' ' - . .:::::::::,:a:t .........„.„„.:.::::„:::.;„;::::::....-4, !::iz,..i..., .i.i3.:.4.,,... :.::,.....-: . -.::,....,,:::,,,,,..,„..,...,,,,,,,1t5,;.,.,,...i....,*:,..,;,,t,.;,,,:tii:,4,w,::v,:.,:,,::„..,....:......„-......i.:..:.:,.,:.:,4:::::,,.:::•:•,;:•:„,.,„g.,. . 4,-;:::. -.......„,:. „„,,,.,,,.„...,„:„..„.„:„,...:„.::::::,:„::,::::. .. *:„.c,,,,,,,,,„,..,7,0u,0:::,...,:::::::,::;x:,,::,:::,....,::::,,,, .•...::....,....-..,:,;,m,...,,,,,,,,,,..„02,p§5i,,,,,:,....,::,•:..;.: •• : „„:„.,:,,,:. :,,:,:,,,..,:.:„...:, , :::.::::,:., , .:::::.:::,::. s •.:. : :,..„,,,..... .4:.,..:...., ~.,.., ......,:•:,..:.—:,,,, • . :....:....„....,........,2—.., ... . . :.. 1 ..: •:„..,.......:......„..,::::::,.::::,„,..„.„..,,,..11:::::...: : - ...., .- . ...- •. .. .....„. - --. .. .. • . --.. ----.-.. . - - .„:: . ';....r.:,::::::...0,:::..;,'.•',....:,;:::i.:,::..f4,0.3.... ....§.'..ini*i:: ,', , , if%?1::: -7,i:?i:' ,:i;i::') V.:*::••• "-',.'?::,,,-*K '''' ''',' - ,S46.*::;'':?'. '' ...:'," ''' - ...: ': '''',..W.......i:•!;•'... : ' :.:4;sfiiii.,;:.:;',4:,:i:':.:•:::4';'.'•:'• ::,, .1...-.; -:.' -..-;', '..., .i,.k..:r ~..i.,...,;,...,.,..,...,,,,E, :.:,,,,i,,,,,,4,....„.....F., ~4:.,,N*;-%.,,,,4:.n. -_. v-.,,...„,,,,,,-..:: ...,,,,,v.,,,,,,,„,m,,N:00,,,,,i,„.-...„ .-„,. . :•53*k• :,.).......:•::::.ii'..i.g,'-: '1.•;ii:.....:' :.......igt.. :*i.............:1iii:Vt,....i.:- :::44 k. ',. 7,.-. '- . ' ..:::: ' .....:,!!'.ai.::,,..'::::*'....:Ai1%'::!?..X..;:i.i,,,.4,',.:-.- , : ~...':';:i*?,..,.,..ii, :i,X''','::::,:.::,:sti....;%:::iiii::::?ifSi:.;:?.::.:Z-,,,._%,,,,.';,'''''''''''''''' •':'&',g?': '''' .e.-.. 4,,,,,,,,-. . ::..... ..,..71::.,,..,:i;,;:,:„.....:-::.:::....:::..::::.;:;i1.4%-ki*v:&•:j„iigini.;,*:::.''.„.,:o.'.:::-'..:.:...,,Za.....:.::::.:0;:.•:::•:.,::; ..rlsi,,,i?.s.,w--..- . ....,,....,..,:r. 5.,?:,:r,-,,,,:xfi-,: • ...,.:.........,.,,,.,..,...:::i.,.::,.......:-::::,.....:,..;,„:::,.eii,iw0gw00,,..5.emm-,..7,....,„0::::;:,,4„,i.0.16..•......?1,...pf,-.- '...-::,....,6,,i:•:.,.. ......:‘'WQ4ici..g,c'eft,i ,*:::.;'..:::::..,,k....;,.,:::.**t.'i,":.,..:4:V. ..,:.....:;:.';':•:.'':::::,ft.--.','.::7 1.-:::::::"1?Kc::4:r.,.:::.• f..:,.:?::rnr4..,...:'.::..Vi.......ke., :::. .1 ::,..:•:::...,:•::'-':•.;,:-: ':, . ,f....:.:,:lft:_.Mfen ~,,,MM •,:,...; *ifil.':,i:**§;:ialittc).,Mg.i.*Wiii4:::•::::::. i'0tigi::..t.:::..::::;:ii44,:;:•:•>t,..i;.:Mi::.:;.,..',,,..::::::::.:_,.,..,::.:i::::::*:i.:::M7i_„, K:::::::.%::.'..,.•,:0„4'001 1:- ) 74:11Mit..0..i;:44.*??A:VW•44.kt.::',::>••:"U...:,.:*....,:f.:•?R,:t5Kfti?iiii:•::03'....:',.,,,..!'...*:::,i,:'::;:,,•;iV.:,t.i:0..:..f.,:.%.::::.%.,,,":,....':::::.5,,:•:„..:::•::-;:irik,.Ai„.:*: .*.,,.. : ...04i::Mskiii:!30W.°::iMA:A?::::',,,,:ki.,1::::.:'::::•::::•?::;:.5..:...:.:4.1:-::X,1::i0c:;"::,::::...i..:.:....ft' '.... '..;:i....,,:::•':.•*i,',',:::::::.:•:-..:::,,'.,:•:::::"7'5::::.::::::'*::.::''..:'.:' : it'i`7 :..!.1447.1A:11;iie,,,f:::ekt..2,00.1:•:. 5HtMiigfee0:::.:W.:.........::""1:N15.::.....:::::"..g:5‘:k2:::t::::::Z::::.":' :. , . ' .... ..... • ss:.:.'i;Aifi,e::NP.f'.tV.*PPjtfirrteafjo:.%:".:;::.:'l:.;::t:.:4lASti:k''::'*':''' . :::'....• :. :'''''''': . ''. ' ' ......: ....- i.ii?yi.... •*::..,,,'....:, .: -:,-...,.....:::;:,..:::-..4,ii:i:„....,iii:zleiiiime..,,,ilTEroititaii.o.,:::.::p4::.go*•.:::::; •.• ' , • , .

.. 0.0...,..... •,,,,:,..::41....::::::::::i::::::::::1V,..,•:•:,......,.....,,,,,..i..x....• -.- • • • ....., .!1".".........w ~....:::, ..;::::.Z,W,,,,,:;:;:-,:5.::::::::::•:..,,,,,,Kx...,..:Z:,.',:,•••:-:.,,....:•055ge5x.-:, 4,•:::•,:::,::,...:,•• %, ....,...,,,,..................• • .1.t.••• ...... • . - .5..:,•:,.:, ~.x,.::;.:,,,,,,,,,,,,,,::::::.:4,4,:•••4:•::,,,,,,,,,,:::_..::E•x•.:::• •:*;:,A,,:,:',:',..+:.*,....:?!.. - .."'-'2:A,.....,:ef....K...'''''''''S'i?';Wititnlg-.. %MK: '''' ....' . ' ''''' .- ':'' ' ~-. ~... e••••••." • '....)• , ...,., ~,,,,:s.::::::,,ix::::,:re.:,::::,..:.::::::,,:::::,,,,,,::.::::,:•:••••.•:;p3•:•.::* ''.. • ._:0,:itcji„.7,,,f,:..:,,,,,,:•,•,-,;,.,,•,,,,:14:::••*.e:;:, :I.:::VIZVAR.::•7, • ..,,, ...is,. :•-, . ' .."' ':.:':•:','.''''''''''' ''''''':. .. ;:,•,1-,..,P.fiN3:i;Wiiiio:i'4iVng:;.:.:i:,..g.':'.:!•:,:a.;:::&•• : 4.V.ke;.:kirei,,,,..3:!...1:5e:':*Pi.':':::: i'KV€OI4O!:':T,S;:... . ''.,..'.:".:;'.ii:i.if•NAVO. 1 P .:';'...:.•:.;:;.,r...::;:;:'..A.0..„i1i1::;;.;.::,•::iMi1if:iii07.,-4,0i,.,W,57?-..:.:?....,3,,,5,"*1N:;*' ....:::':i:-:::;:,.::::•.:-:::::'*:,:,::::::::''''... ••• : ' . ... ' ....;;.:',:gt ',..Z.tr'5.„041: ~,.......:,..n..,, ~k3A ,i,,,,,,,..,,,,:::,,,,,,,,,,,::.::.:::::::,,i.:gi.:i:i.ii.:v .ii,::::tißiit#.:,-*-,7:->ii.g.1.1:#0,:&,..::::,i,......:i.3.:,,,6i?,.... ..-:-.. .I. .... • . • .'.qi ---1'.....4..44,,t05:::,.. :.,i,,s.::,::ios..?i..;_go:•NAi'..its;;:,....4:iii::-....::Wii;;;g:iV4i.kis:Ni.:',.:NO::.4l:3l.-N:!,:i'm:. :....,:ogiov,:o..:,:uo:A.,4*.,..iv.4,:zitisvii_k::::.o:•gii..-:,.-.- -.-•.. ._ ...,- :i,..., • - .-,..,3i::,..i:i*.., 7,,,,•': ..,..,.....,,,,...1.,W,..:::::,:::W_V5`;:•,4,,,,,,;:,,,,,tfr'-e0::;:;t::,, ft f,..,:' .' - -1. -- ' :::• ,' • : •• ~ • •••..,, • ~,,,,t,l/2:, .....,::....,...ri:,:iAs,•::•;.:::;::::•::::!:ii.:.i,cei:•;:i:1:. .:-:•,:, •:.4:::.*::.•01..:i,.• • ::;••.*:::;::::::•;:k.;:§:::::,,,, ~••:.;, ...-1-z.,:::,;:t::•::.:A.N.•,:g, ..,•;.1... .: ' - • ' ,:::: : ' : . :•?.,•••...,,,,::::: ...4?..]*:*.t.A:::1:::M.•::4•04F: • _;:: : ....!INi::v: • :Ni:::i::.•ii::•.''',-:- ' . ' 45`',..V4i:-74:::•":i.Z+'''''. ,f..514111,...1,.c,.. .r..,-...„:„,„,::::..,,;ii•::,4,„•:-::,..:,::::,,:,:m-,_,„,:,,s7::,,,-,4:,?.,:- -.::,:g.„.„-.. : -::.,:::••:,-.:4,:i....„.:-..,,...„,..?:::::: -. • ,•-•...--..- :, ~,m,,.: ..... • :. • : - -. . :..,,,...: ~.,:,--........:77.-..0.:,:i: „..ie-s:,:--.,',,-,.--:-, ::•.!.:.:.:A::-gi.•?:g:---:-titate - .. - ---- -- - —• t - ''' •-•,--t-,4:::..::kii.i..-icgr., 0.. k:::. .• •-..- ...-.,......,,,i•.:-_.:.....,.::.:;•::.• .......,,,,,.....:•.:..• ':.-,•, - . ... - ;,...:.iii.:, 'oi.:wi:*••vw,...:v.::,r,;-::l:3l,.tisivo, i: ..i,igiJ2,011.,.::::•••-.-•:,...-,..,-,-::.::: - . -.-..;-4;:,.....-•--.±;.',:f5.,-.:::- !:-.- --J..-- ~; . - • -.- -i„ -:Y•• mvii:i•-g:;:iii,4-..3,4110K,:***. . ...jx,":5•3:::::,-,. : •:-.T. ...., . :::....,.... . ;1i.i.v,.:.i;. --,24:::,.7..y, . ~.... ::.... - . -..-......:: ~.,.,:t,,,i00,:.,,f ....i::**::::P.: .....1.1:!?..,..3,;:::i.:i., r- ,- •.::. • ... -,.: --: • :..,:•••• ' . . ~.., › .. • •••••• . .. . . 0::::::,.:.::::::.:....:.,:,.:::::::,::,...,:::::::,:::::5:,.:::::e.,, .....,ftif.i::::::*. •:•••,..% —....,...:::,,.-..:, ~... . -.. +. .....,.,,..:,:,. ~. •., .. .•.. ". .c:..,,,.....,:. . . - :... . . :,...,,,:..,:,..*::::.::,...,.:.0::,:.,•,.:::::7::,r.:;i::::*::.::::•4.,004:3:.:::::.r. .1,,..:„,,,wK::*.;,.:::•.,....-,, .... :.,.•;.. •:.,..,,,*.ix,,,....: ; ~ ~ ........, 1:. :,,,-....-:::::,:•.... 1 • r.:.'.. •-•:::,:::::::..*::::*::,,,:,:::•:.:E::::,:,-,d,..*: ••••••4:',:iiiiiiiiv;:, • ''•••• ',":'.''•.;... :Z-4-;:.; .: ' ,:,,,....s., .-& ~c,ot. .: , - '.., ••,-• :.,:.: • .:',..:--- - ' •:•• -.. "?--.. . ' A:.. :;:::,::,-;%:,..:::.::?:,•'...f4.:::!,;:i",,.-i::::.,..t,i.5.`.':.,;V j,...,i.4.. ,:i0,....„,;,..4.4,1*,..1,0 ..,..0,1j;,:,... :' ~...-.1-.::::: '....,......, „:34:,:.....::•x •-::::.: .••:::, ~,,-,,,,,,,,'..,.,.. '.... . - ....,...• : :,.:::::.,:,.....:::*:', .•;:•.-...........f....."6.1:1,,::',W55f.X,.,:,::MP.,'..,ii:'. ,i.i.... " :.f.,......'''. , Y-:',::',:,:';'.•.!::'•;..::::.:•..:•:..41i00pi.;:•..',::.40100',:??:;:,.n:5;Nii4r.•i1ii....'...'''''.:.,..• ...'''':•:,.:::',.;;W:,44.'M'-,:,.r., •::: •••••.;',..... :-.;:i:::: -•.: .......,,:::.....:.: '. ' 6.'jia....W:i::',:::.:•::,....,..:,.,i:;,..:::::.?...:?,:%"...:2A:ig::::',..:::,,;,.,•;]:::giei:AN-..:. ~.....,...::,:..li:g.e.,,,MV:'. ..W.N :t . ::::.:,;:' ...".., .•:. . '..i::if...e` 5.k...4.1:•. ...:4C.:.%:::. • ' • 4i:11:i.:i:iii,,;::....::;:i.': :......:).4;i:1t.,V*,:;',),.?....: :i'i:4r.:7::::1K4'gg1ki:;,t'''.,..:ii.,..'..,...'%. ". .. ',. :.:: '•:'..r. . . .., .• . , ...::'.....' ' :',..';'?.........:;.4...;:i.:PkA......:;ii5: - . '•:: .::Ajik :,:,...:.::*?•;:•.-:.... Apit•ki,'.•::::::...:, • "':*3,:f.,::•i."ki•i,el:••:•.i ~:.(ZVi•K•ii:,.,:•.ikl,:::••••,.. ... ..,,,,.. '.. - ..,...,: •:;:•..... " ——. : • .....::.4:::'::::•.....,:,,A •:::::, ":::.,..":::::::•• . ~..„:... ... •: :::::•.: : ~...., ....,,, ~..,,,,,,:. ~.., , . .. ..:, ~.. ,;:....:::,,,...::::.:•.•:•:,::":, , •:::•••,..."'....,,''-,,.. •• . .• *,.,:..••• :•::::::::::., • • ............••• •.• ,•,:t: "..k...,:4,,,,,,,,,,,,,..::::::::••• :.:'::::: ' e:..:.::,.;..„,... ,• :: ;,,,. .:•.,..: •:•:::,:,,,, ..4,4, .... ...:r• ....,,,. ~:r...:'7,4•.....,,,,,,:•:f.•:::::.• ....et., i-. ' , , ::::::' ::::.:i:i:::::::i:%•,,,,i,:.,.....:. ,•..- ....:‘,:r.-",;V:1:!:i::::: Aftw::::.:::,,,,i:,;::ii,i•;,,, :, .... ~,..i,:.,......,,,::,,,....;',:"..:"..t...., -,.,.,.,"":?%,:.".•::".•••;N::":*::':::.:.::.." "'" ":":.•SXi••`..-.• "' ' , :': ,"":,' :?.i:::i:M:•:::..ii:P,O.': '.. ""tisir.':i*:*: '. "?.:: .":....:-.•:::i:•:': • :".1iS':•:.":;;;:.:"..':1:::•:":;,i',:::;:.:' .:::.,;•'1W;'..i;:•:: 2' : ...; ',..i:..i.',,:,... " •:.. :".. :i: ::i:::::::::."....,), . f."`::',... ...W.......:iirg ':',::.::N : .:::.:C.:1.N.,_._:..Q.:"-i''.,::•- rini:,•::. -.,:f::::::.:i-....N :.:...a:..:...:.. ....i..,,...z:...,i!qt.:,;.....*:.:..:..:.::,::?::::.:0-if...N::::.. -:.••:::.is..,:iiiii%?!i:.•:.-<•.ii:,::::,iii..:Mii.:iiß:. '•.7,,.1iZ,5i4'i,...' ',.:-.Z'in, '-.:!.,2*,. ~f ::;,,:.::::::::::f...:i._:,:';•...:,..i:iiig: . .....,,,,,.::.....,.. ~:..:,::,....::..:., ...„.....,.:,..,..i.,;,, ..:... :::.......1%;;;i::.-,,i '... ~.. • .. .. ...........::.:::;....*i.;;iit.]:g.;*::...::::::::::•i:iir.iiii::•:::.*:iriiiii:i.:i:. Ar.1..0,,,?,,:•::::::::...,:•,:- ' ''''":"""•-•': ' ....V:::::k5i:.??....,,,:..,•:•,:t:...:.:...,„, .::..::2...',..: ...,-;, .., ~. . , .•:::!•::i5,..,:,-,-. .. ~..:-,:::',.::::,*:.., t::,,,fni:K::::::...;•• .':,::,,...:::::':3'.i*:.,,i,i::::.::.::.:i*:.... -.::',..A.,.:•::.':'.:;:..,, ...i,::.:::::.,::::•:•:,::•:,...:•,:•: ...:* M',..i:i.i:.e.,..::•:i.: ;::. :::-,<:,....::::::',.-;:.:.:•::: .: -..:',. ''.., :. ''''gii::::1;::': ~ , ..:•:.'i;-.,.-:;:i.::,:. -.N.;:n:Aif.c:MX:::i:'::::::'.:-...::::.::::%:::::: . • ::::..*il. ''. ',. :: ...:.:-::::::.:.*is.::.:*:...:.:::.:, .' :. ....:,,:?:::,,.:.:,,i,:.:::-...:::i ~..,..„. ::....,.. .:„ii..:•::::'..:: .., 4;:',:.:,,::....V.:Vi::is::&.›.:"...:::::::::.:M:::::'. ...?....:::,.. :.;•:::,::!,:.:',A,..,.V.::iiiM:R:;:g.::!.Z:::7:::.:..1....":i':;*•••1g'7':.:.ifai'k;.;1,:5g,...,:gapPii:#.0.,,.:'J::::i.:...;4:.,,....:Ar:...i:':•?•:'' 140k.11111:1;501;:aigeigag i:iriii:igiligiiiiiiMi',.l&.• :';',....:;:t..iiii,..:::...:.i...y.i,,,;::::::;g2,1:.;1::::::i:';:1atki.:....':,,-.: :,:.;.1.,.,.,: - 1 . ...'',.::: '. . 4r:falegtlingkagatiggg.o6::',Nigatagnato.?...i?.:lo, ,:Aggatit4giiiti#,Ni:::::::...',.':::t6:;::-::::. - -:i..:...:•. '..::'. ::::.' * r4olio*oo3:r*.. ...0.. VA:II.M.:W.4O:ti:Oti:::iM:MSE:,:;:::;:i.W.c.V,N,.,,,,,,.:Ki *::14:::,V:2:g ::.M:ii::..;,,..4ii:;:iii?, ''•.,..:.;.; VA.4*..,4,,.ziWf,:*4.::i:n*(4......„ i'Pep:::S4.i:Pii:Ni:i:i:?4::24.444,o,M -. e.,<, ..,,W 4:.:4l,zl,,iii::l'i,:li4i::,:;*iiieSi.:ii:il:ei.::<::.,:*:::•;:,...7, .:;';',l ....,..„ ...,..:.w.t.,1..„.1.:::.:.:.„„r,:4:%.::„..,„,,,:‘,:.,i:,,,:„„,::,,::,:,::g.,....,„:,.,,..„,..,,i....e,:,,,,......e.w.,,m...44:::\,.,::..:.... 00.5.10:<,:.:4..,:„0,,.::4:::,..?env.„:.r.‹,:,„;.,.,:,1.,..y,..,:,g.,,,.„..,:.§,....e,,.„ u::,.,..::,,::e.g,e,,:.,,.wirp,1/4::,.:.:0:::::ixv*z).,:4v,.*v:„,:ww., ..............,x4...0.za.v..,:„.„::.a..a.:::1:0„...„.1:14.,,...,:i...„::.*,,..,11,„:1.„„1,z;,3.:....,,,r„„:::0,0,1.,„.„.:.::.,,,..„,,,„:,.,.::,:.:,::„„„:,,:,:0,0,::::::..,,:::,„:,,:, ~....„,..................:„,::,,.:......„..,,w.t: ....,....,:::::.,„„.........:.„......,..:,:,:.:,.... .........._.......____ .___ A

===== 0002601_19090417_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
1'''''''.......'."..............M1.M=.1.•........k....M.MM01111M•1d0MM111M...1MM11.

Terrible Suffering Relieved.

pa

CRIPPLED BY RHEUMATISM.

AG.47I,74ORSE'S INDIAN ROOT PILLS ,„PROVE THEIR GREAT HEALING CLEANSING PROPERTIES.

about four years ago," writes Mrs. °f 2, Court 5, House, Sutherland Street, "I never -ailed anything to speak of. 1011 became very costive. Severe headaches le klraryed. and so intense w ere they that I could Move for the pain they caused. , They „ d ave me feeling sick and dizzl., thatt Weak, she continues, "did I _become, Pait"'Y body was open to the ray- lisease ky fa first came in beta eet and legs. It Int Te difficult for move about, altar," Soon became tufte that I was la,:atistimlig from Rheu- nobbc•• • I would aa Le about as Well 510 W e°llld, but it was tar tedious work. four - e pest part of kat. /earsmy Rheu- stead got worse in- n of better. Each ouedY that I . took las?. kenled to leave me in a worse plight. At When InY Rheumatism had obtained a Rivrz-e'e mastery over me, and when I was t?ssilitinP in despair, thinking had that, no cure was 111 a. 1.4 e. I came across Dr:Morse s Indian Rool L.The change that came over me after y ~,en a few bottles 'I shall never forget. thaDif'es and pains seemed to vanish as if by trii Co.' The Rheumatism went as well as the ll'adsar,--Paiti°ll, Headaches, and Wcakness that zoir"' ..- .0- - troubled me." thr. st' Lig ay, again writing on June 7th, lops, 4' I'ce,33?e.ars.after-the above was written, says ntinue to take and recommend Dr. Mors_ Invlaicnltl_Rk7ngt Pills, and find them as effective uega a NecP my system in order as when I first them. For all irregularities and wedknesses these Pills are unexcelled.' b. Y Chemists and Stores, price 1/4 Per The W. H. Comstock Co., ,Ltd., i,4114094 Amulet IfouclQur

- _ -

ages of a. ..., .. .....-t7salt. If 4 J (14,1 1;// ' 70ii,/' , '( x y-.,,z[1/7-t , ~A,.. , ,tit,l'' IP 7, -- 3:7',.... , r. ,

===== 0002601_19090417_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
DEARER POTATOES.

Heavy American Demand on the

British Market.

Something J a sensation Ii as been creatiSd during the seok in agricultural districts by a sudden and unexpected advance in the price of potatoes, Which for several months have been a drug in almost every market in England, Ireland and Scotland. The fine weather last week took those farmers whose ploughing was of more in portance away from deliver- ing potatoes, as hundreds of acres have yet to be ploughed, and little' if any, planting has yet been done in Lincolnshire and Yorkshire.

Planting time, therefore, is one cause of potatoes beirg dearer, but the main reason is the unprecedented demand from the United States. Shipments have been made of several hundred tons weekly, chiefly from Liverpool, but last week saw fresh developments. Owing to the failure of the American potato crop the demand for British potatoes has increased, and as high as .£7 to £E3 per ton was realised in New York City for ordinary samples, whilst "best sorts" made considerably more, and on Saturday cables indicated higher values for this week. Thousands of tons of potatoes have recently been shipped to the United States from Lancashire potato growing districts, and last week over two thousand tons were cleared away from Lincolnshire and Yorkshire, some via Hull, while others found their.way to Liverpool. To the utter astonishment of merchants, large pur- chases were made last week-end from the wholesale markets in London, and so great was the demand that the King's Cross Wholesale Market was practically cleared out in two days' time, and the potatoes bagged up and sent forward to New York. It is expected that the American demand will continue at least another month. With Germany and Holland 41so purchasing large quantities of Yorkshire and Scotch potatoes, both far table and reed purposes, prices have "jumped" up considerably.

RUNCORN ACCIDENT.

FALL OF lI6R SES _ AND EXPLOSIVE-LADEN

LURRY.

A startling accident occurred on Tuesday night at Astrnoor Bridge, near Runcorn.—A two-horse lurry was taking three tons of explosives from Runcorn to the Cos per Chemical Company, Manchester Bridge, when the chain-horse started off before the carter had applied the brake, swerved, and crashed through some railings, dropping about ten feet into a field. The shaft horse and lorry followed. One horse was killed, the other being injured, The carter luckily escaped,

===== 0002601_19090417_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON j CHAPTERS.

Local Politics Fifty Years Ago.

An occasional glance b-qckwards is useful as showing how far we have travelled in our methods and ideas, and we propose to give our readers a glimpse of the political workings of just fifty yeafs ago. Our chief source of information is a fugitive copy of a special newspaper which gave to the town a full report of the momentous things said and done in the heated atmospheres of the Lion Hotel and Old Music Hall.

The month of April, 1859, brought the announcement of a dissolution of Parliament and there was a consequent flutter and stir among the local politicians. This is what happened. Placards announced to the electors that meetings would be held of the Conservative and Liberal electors on the evening of April 11th, the former being asked to gather in the Lion Hotel and the latter in the Music Hall. The placard calling the Lion Hotel meet- ing had been signed by Mr. John Clare, and that gentleman was elected to the chair.

He expressed himself honoured at having been the medium of calling the meeting together. He believed they had got the name appended to it of an upright but a poor fellow. There was one thing he could say of himself, that he was plain John Clare. He had seen on the walls the names of several gentlemen with tails on their names. Fifty-six years ago he could have put Corporal or Sergeant or Captain to his name, but to-night he was only plain John Clare. (Loud cheers): He had known the member (Gilbert Greenall) from his infancy. Aye, he had known five generations of his family, and it was not in the power of man to put a single stigma to their name. He hoped they would again return him to Parliament. He was a gentle- man who had done his duty, neither seeking place nor pension, but doing his duty to his Queen, country and the borough of Warrington.

A resolution expressing confidence was moved by Mr. Beamont and seconded by Mr. James Hepherd.

Mr. Greenall, who was received amid pro- longed cheering, then addressed the meeting reviewing his past record and avowing his determination to support all measures which he felt would be for the good of the nation at large. Speeches followed from Mr. Nicholson, Mr. Pickmere, Mr. Alderman White and Mr. Alderman Chrimes and the meeting voted its unlimited confidence in Mr. Greenall.

We cannot, of course, copy in full the eulogies poured upon the member, but we should be acting unkindly if we failed to give a faint example of the picturesque oratory of the chairman, Mr. John Clare. As a sample of the picturesque oratory enjoyed by the meeting we copy_ the con- cluding remarks of the Chairman. He said they had heard Mr. White, who was a true Englishman, stock, lock and barrel. (Laughter). Mr. Chrimes was of the same kidney, they ran as well as any two they had ever seen together. (Laughter). He urged them not to be caught napping. He had something to say to his opponents when he got them on the hustings. One of them alluded to him lately; he was not afraid of him if he had him in a saw pit—(laughter)— one hand did there. (Laughter). He was charged—he knew they meant him—with using the cry "The Church and King, and down with the Rump." Now that was a very good cry. He hoped it would be put on his gravestone. It was a good cry before the speaker he alluded to was born—when he carried a musket 60 years ago. "Down with the Rump" meant "Down with the enemies of Old England." (Cheers).

===== 0002601_19090417_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LIBERAL MEETING.

The Liberal electors met in the Music Hall, which was crowded to excess. Mr. Alderman Hardy occupied the chair and stated the object of the meeting. Dr. Smith moved the first resolution, " That in the opinion of this meeting it is desirable to bring forward a Reform Candi- date at the approaching election," which was seconded by Mr. Brewtnall. Resolutions for organizing a Warrington Reform Association were agreed to, after which Mr. George Crosfield proposed and Councillor Burgess seconded the nomination of Mr. Alderman Peter Rylands at the coming election.

Mr. Rylands, who was received with loud cheers, addressed the meeting at great length, but refused to stand and concluded by pro- posing Mr. George Crosfield. He could only say that if they could induce Mr. Crosfield to stand they would secure a most able representative. He, for one, should be delighted to have the opportunity of earnestly and actively throwing all the influence he could to secure his return as member for the borough. (Loud cheers.) The course he would suggest was that the electors of War rington should sign a requisition to Mr. Cros- field asking him to contest the borough. If they applied to the Liberal eleoors of the town and asked them to take this course it would give an opportunity for a most perfect and „thorough canvass of the town. He believed there were not less than 400 names upon the register who had never voted at any previous election in Warrington, and out of these 400 there were many as to whose political opinions they had no conception. He believed that a considerable number of those electors would be found to be in favour of the Liberal party, and he might venture to say that if there were sufficient support his friend would not hesitate to place his services at the disposal of the constituency. (Cheers). _ _ _

Mr. Crosfield, on rising a second time, said he was sorry that his friend should have come to the decision he had on that import- ant subject. It placed him in a very awkward position, and one that he would be glad to see his way out of if he possibly could. He had no wish to shrink from his duty, yet if he acceded to the request it would be a great trial to him. He did not seek the honour, and he felt he had not the ability to adequately discharge the duties which if elected would devolve upon him. (Cries of "Yes you have.") If as Mr. Rylands proposed a requisition was presented to him signed by a fair proportion of the electors--.say 300—it would certainly knock from under him the ground of objection he at present had. (Loud cheers.) If his friend Alderman Rylands really insisted upon his withdrawing the motion—(a Voice: "Toss up ")—if he insisted he would have no alter- native.

The proposer and seconder having agreed the motion was withdrawn and Mr. George Crosfield was formally asked to become the candidate. A SECOND LIBERAL MEETING.

On April 23rd a further meeting was con- vened to discuss the question "Shall we have a contest irrespective of the result ? " Mr. Crosfield had intimated that he felt unable to become the candidate and Mr. Peter Rylands was pressed into the honQur. The ardent

spirits pleaded for a contest as a means of developing the fighting strength of the-party and of securing unity. Others thought it was exacting too much from their friends to seek a support which all confessed at that late period would be barren of results. It was finally decided to leave the matter to the electors themselves and circulars were sent to the Liberal electors. The decision was that "under the circumstances " a con- test was not to be recommended.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NOMINATION.

The writ arrived on April 25th. It was carried by special messenger from Preston and the Town Clerk and a number of the Town Council proceeded to proclaim it at Market Gate and other public parts of the town. The writ fixed April 29th as the day of nomination and on that day a crowd of at least a thousand inhabitants gathered in front of the Market Hall. A platform had been erected at the entrance of the hall and Mr. Greenall accompanied by 60 or 70 of his friends arrived at 11 o'clock. The writ was read by the Town Clerk .and the Mayor proceeded to call upon any elector to propose any candidate whom he might think proper. 'Mr. John Clare stepped forward and after some exchange of humour with the crowd proceeded to say that he had for the fourth time the pleasure to nominate his good friend Gilbert Greenall as a fit and proper person to represent the borough. Mr. Thewlis seconded the nomination.

The Mayor called for further nominations and as none were forthcoming he proceeded to declare Mr. Greenall to be duly elected. After the cheering had subsided the Member returned his thanks for their con- fidence in restoring to him the position he had held for the last twelve years. He promised that his future course would be like his past and that he would turn neither to the right nor to the left.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR MISCELLANY.

A correction is needed in our recent reference to the original bell of Trinity Church. This bell, given by Jonathan Blackburn and cast in 1706, hangs not at the National Schools but at Padgate Church.

** * *

It may be worth while to add to the information given concerning the• present bell of Trinity Church. Since the Norman period the daily curfew has been rung in Warrington from a town's bell kept for the purpose. Of the early bells we have no knowledge but in 1647 we find Colonel John Booth giving a Curfew Bell to hang in the steeple of the Court House. When that building was demolished in 1838 the curfew was transferred to the tower of Trinity Church and continued to ring from thence at eight o'clock each evening. Colonel Booth was uncle of Sir George Booth; afterwards Lord Delambre, who was Governor of War- rington during the Civil War.- The Colonel was afterwards knighted and on his death in 1678 was buried in Chester Cathedral. The old bell was cast by John Scott, of Wigan, and rings on apparently little the worse for its two-and-a- half centuries of service.

** * *

Another interesting feature of Trinity Church which went unmentioned in our article* is the candelabrum which hangs in the centre of the church. This formerly lighted the old House of Commons and has vibrated to the eloquence of Pitt, Fox, Burke and the numberless intellectual giants of the political past Perhaps some of our readers can tell us how it came to find a resting place in Warrington.

** * *

Reverting to our sketch of St. John's Presbyterian Church we have been able by the courtesy of Mr. William Rowe to peruse a volume of "Memorials of Alexander Hay" published in 1827 as a tribute to the memory of that distinguished and saintly minister. Though not a Warringtonian by birth he became completely identified with the town and left a mark upon it which two genera- tions have not entirely effaced. This volume of some two hundred pages reveals hini as a man of deep spirituality, whose zeal wore out his frail body at the early age of 47.

** * *

The sorrow felt through the town at his death is reflected in an anonymous poem circulated at the period. We quote a few stanzas.

No Muses now, as erst they roo'd , With Barbauld, whom they greatly loved, On Mersey's banks direct the lay And homage to fair science pay Nor Pity's self in Howard moans, Responsive to the prisoner's groans. She weeps ; her maidens sad deplore Their work of death—their Hay no more ! , The poor in sorrowing train attend With streaming eye—they mourn a friend! While groups who own the power of God, Attendant on his faithful Word Brought them to more than Goshen light. From sin and guilt's Egyptian nigh. In silence stand—his graces rise, A bow expanding cross the skies ; And reft and born, dissolved in tears, Their hope in beauteous lines appears. They yet shall meet, shall hail the Throne, • And 'fore it cast a glorious crown; Shall bless the Lord in endless day For mercies thro' their Pastor—Hay.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
LUNG DISEASES. Their Rapid and Permanent Cure by VENO'S LIGHTNING COUGH CURE.

No classes of diseases are more dangerous and fatal to human life than those affecting the respiratory organ!. It is frankly admitted by medical men that the majority of consumptives would never have been con- sumptive at all had the causes leading up to the appear- ance of the fatal microbe been sensibly treated in the fl-st instance, and as only a small percentage of con- sumrtion is hereditary, it follows that, a large percent- age is caused by neglected oç wrongly treated cases of common colds, coughs, bronchitis, and other chest troubles. To entirely avoid or thoroughly cure ailments such as these, and so avoid all risk of consumption and other dangerous lung diseases, a really safe and reliable medicine is necessary, and such a one is Veno's Lightning Cough Cure, a remedy of unique composition and as different as it, is superior to all others, and one that has received the approbation and recommendation of doctors, clergymen, scientists, chemists, and people of position everywhere. Veno's Lightning Cough Cure is free from all dangerous drugs, and is a certain-cure for all diseases of chest, throat and lungs. Price Did., Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. of all chemists.

WIRELESS MESSAGES AT SEA.-ALLAN LINE

DEVELOPMENT.

An announcement of considerable interest in connec- tion with the development of wireless telegraphy is made by the Allan Royal Mail Line. Their steamers from Liverpool, and the Grampian and Hesperian from Glasgow, are already fitted with an apparatus which allows of messages to be received and dispatched over a certain distance, but on the two turbine s'oi mere, the Victorian and the Virginian, is now being installed the Marconi long-distance apparatus. By means of this the passengers will be kept in touch with the latest doings of the world throughout the whole of the voyage, and every day the ships will receive a summary of the most important events of the day. These messages will be printed on board in the form of a newspaper to be known appropropriately as the " Allan Line Daily News "—the first daily newspaper published on a steamer engaged in the Canadian trade from this country. Apart from the obvious advantages to be derived from the daily service of news, passengers will very naturally feel that the Allan Line have materially added to their sense of safety whilst crossing the Atlantic.

S MY LIFE STORY.

• ,s• •: , • AO too,. , i'oo• • • sr_ tr.* • I*** ".*:•••• , , ,;••' • fr •,&;,.eiVe : 'if • . 4 • • • 0. 0' . ,••'• 4* • - ' 4, •

===== 0002601_19090417_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. JOHN DRURY.

The story of my life is a somewhat chequered' one, for my lot has been cast in many and varying places. I was born on May 24th, 1824, at the village of Rounds Green, near Oldbury, in Worcestershire. My father was a shoemaker by trade and was respected in the locality as one who was ever ready to help the poor and distressed. My schooling was of a brief and very elementary descrip- tion. When but an infant I was sent to a dame, school. Times were bad and my father being delicate, my mother had to go out to work. Later I became a scholar at a boys' school at Oldbury and had to walk to and fro, a distance of a mile each day. The end of my school days came in a rather novel way. Becoming embroiled in a fight, I was locked up in the school for punishment. Naturally such confinement was not to my liking, and I was detected in the act of making my escape through a small window some Bft. from the ground. The school- master said he would try a, new method of dealing with me, so in the evening he took me to his house and gave me the alternatives of having a supper of bread and -cheese and spending the night in the cellar or of going supperless to bed. I chose the former course and, after a substantial meal, was left in &trance vile in the cellar. With boylike curiosity I began to explore the place in the darkness and, coming across a tap, promptly turned it on. It proved to be the tap of a barrel of ale, and when the schoolmaster discovered that the precious fluid was lost, he sent a note to'my parents to this effect: "You had better keep John at home. I can do no good with him until he improves his manners."

At the age of nine, therefore, I was sent to work on a pit bank, and had to help to pick the iron stone from the output. It was winter time, and the hard work soon brought me to my senses. Next I got work in an ironworks near my native village, and had to act as striker to an edged tool maker. Having followed that occupation for about three years I became an ironworker at Bromford. On reaching the age of seventeen a restless spirit come over me and I ran away and 'listed in the 35th Royal Sussex Regiment at Dudley. A detachment of about 120 of us was immedi, ately drafted to Dungarvan, a little sea port in Ireland. Our quarters were in an old castle and we spent two years there. It may interest your readers to know how I got the soldiers their first Christmas dinner. Up .to that time it had not been the custom to allow any special fare on this festive day. It was a case of boiled beef or mutton all the year round. However, on Christmas Eve I happened to be on guard when an old Irish woman came and offered to sell me a goose for the modest sum of is. I had only 10d. in my possession (in those days soldiers had to be content with 6d. a day in addition to their ration), but the woman was willing to forgo the two- pence and I became the proud possessor of the goose which was taken to my quarters. An officer, making his usual round of inspec- tion, was not slow to notice the bird. On being told that I had bought it for Christmas he summoned me to his room, and I went, half expecting a scolding. However, when I told him that I was in the habit of having something extra for Christmas dinner, his sympathies were aroused and he said that if, each soldier would contribute is. he would see that a first-rate Christmas dinner was provided. He himself advanced £5 so that the men could pay their shillings when they felt in a position to do so. We had a rare feast and the news of our Christmas festivity was soon noised abroad with the result, I believe, that the dinner became an annual one and is now looked forward to, as a matter of course, by every "Tommy Atkins." I liked life in the army and would no doubt have done well in that branch of the services, but when I came home on furlough my mother was greatly distressed at the thoughts of my leaving again. Through the influence of a yeomanry officet the leave was extended and ultimately my discharge was purchased. My army career therefore came to an end after about two years experience. I resumed my employment at the Brom- ford iron works and in a few months was married to Catherine Madley, a good, pious, Christian girl. She died nine years ago last Christmas. From Bromford I went to Earl Granville's great iron works at Hanley, but in a short time an opportunity of bettering my position presented itself, so I went to Silverdale where I remained about ten years. Then I returned to Hanley and spent some years there before I embarked on another method of trying to make my fortune. It may be worth noting that during one short interval in the period already referred to, I had to abandon ironworking. Although a strong trade unionist I was always against unnecessary strikes and my attitude in one dispute led to my being victimised for supposed sympathy with the masters. Consequently I got temporary -work at a pottery at Hanley. Whilst there a keen Parliamentary, election took place. The Tory candidate was a master potter but as his reactionary views on temperance matters did not commend themselves to me, I worked hard for his opponent, a strong Liberal,who was returned by a good majority. During the contest my employers sent for me and naturally I approached them with some trepidation, fearing that my employ- ment might be jeopardised by my pronounced attitude in the campaign. To my surprise, however, they said: We are pleased to have such a man on our premises—one who says what he means "—and promoted me to a better post which I held until I was able to return to the ironworks.

About fifty-two years ago I came under the influence of Richard Weaver, the con- verted collier, who was preaching at New- castle-under-Lyme. There was nothing of the classical speaker ,about him, but he had a great hold on the Working classes because he could talk tc) them fr9rn experience. It

was his earnest words that led to my own conversion. About the same time I resolved to become a teetotaller and have kept the pledge up to the present day. On leaving Earl Granville's ironworks at Hanley I began business as an auctioneer of crockery etc. For about ten weeks I held sales at a small town in Gloucestershire, and it was my habit to preface business with a a short lecture on trade unionism or teetotalism, which seemed to prove popular with the people. It was as an auctioneer that I came to Warrington about thir-ty-three years ago. One day I was selling goods opposite the old Liberal Club in Market-street when a gentleman came up to me and asked if I did not know him. At first I could not recall him, but he proved to be Mr. Thomas Burton, with whom I had worked at Silver- dale. He had come to Warrington for the inauguration of Messrs. Monks, Hall and. Co.'s works and he at once asked me whether I preferred auctioneering to working at the forge. Well, although I had not done badly at my new business, I was quite ready to return to my original employment and Mr. Burton was able to offer me work at Messrs. Monks, Hall and Co.'s which I held for four years. At the end of that time I started in the greengrocery business and continued it for twelve years. My next work was as the "town missionary" of War- rington. On coming to this town I had identified myself with the old Dallam- lane Chapel where a grand work was being done. They used to call us" ranters but we did not care so long as progress was being' made on the right lines. On the opening of the new chapel in Buckley-street I became a trustee and have never ceased to be warmly attached to the place. The church is in a prosperous state, although we are only a handful of workingmen. When the Rev. G. S. and Mrs. Reaney were at Wycliffe, I took an active part in mission work under their leadership and used to do a great deal of speaking iu the Brick-street neighbourhood. When they left Warring- ton, I carried on the work alone and frequently addressed meetings on Corn Hill and at Bridge Foot. For some years I also had charge of a temperance mission at the Ebenezer Chapel in Buttermarket-street. I have been living in retirement for about seven years but the temperance cause is still dear to my heart and although the cause in Warrington seems to make com- paratively little progress I have great faith in the Bands of Hope which are bound to exert a good influence on coming genera- tions.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
GOLF AND DIPLOMACY.

MR. CROSFIELD'S RECENT SPEECH.

The "Liverpool Daily Post and Mercury' ha e,it leading article on Mr. Crosfield's recent speech to the Cannes Golf Club, which we published in our last issue. We extract the following : Golfers find many excellencies and merits in their favourite pastime, even when they permit it to become an obsession, as do no few in these days. There are lusty young men who spend every summer evening on the links, the whole of Saturday, and probably a good part of Sunday also, often in the mere determination to fit themselves for the winning of prizes. In such a case golf becomes not a sport, but either a business or a disease. It was not to such that Mr. A. H. Crosfield, M.P., addressed his remarks at Cannes the other day as captain of the local club them. Perhaps we should make a reservation regarding one of his observations. He was praising golf as a training for and a mollifying i ufluence on the art of diplomacy, and certainly with one dictum the prize-hunting golf player—we prefer 'to reserve the honourable name of golfer for others- will agree : "It is only on the golf links that one finds . the work of "polite deception raised to a fine art." Such a deception, with a businesslike application, is the destruction of a fine icore card in a minor com- petition, lest handing it in should result in a smaller handicap for an approaching event, in which the "money is more.' But leaving that sordid aspect of the game, Mr. Crosfield could doubtless make out an excellent case for his claim that the links would facilitate the work of the diplomatist, and that Cannes would be better than The Hague as a meeting place for inter- national conferences. It may be agreed that when the peace of nations depends so much on the personality of Ministers—for peoples seldom make war on each other, knowing better than statesmen what an infernal business it is—such a meeting-ground as the links WOuld assuredly exercise a humanising influence upon the amity or otherwise of the various Chancelleries. Should we, ever have known the Boer war if Mr. Chamberlain an Oom Paul had played a few rounds together over Hoylake or St. Andrews? We might have found ourselves in the Burn, but not in the Modder river; we might oven have invaded the Stationmaster's Garden, but there would have been no Spion Kop ; we might, also, have lost a call or two at the Briars, but there would have heen no reason for mad mafficking. It is better to play the odd than to play the fool, and a nation can seldom make war without doing that. It is an interesting speculation, and one upon -which the cartoonists of the golf periodicals may well exercise their minds and their pencils, to imagine what might have been in Europe. during the past few months if Sir Edward Grey. von Bulow, Baron Aehrenthal, and the Grand. Vizier had given us a foursome over %the Formby links, with the Kaiser as umpire, to mal4his own rules as he went along. And if his local regulations were too novel, he might be adjudged to play Johnny Ball andthis putter over the Leasowe ground! How the four Ministers would be partnered we shall not even offer to suggest, but there are " graun' possibeelitiel." Why should they not play for the disputed provinces? It would, at least, be 'a more humane and cheaper method than any yet adopted, and, of a surety, it would be infinitely saner. We feel confident that France would consent to Arnaud Massy giving Prince Eitel a stroke in a match or Alsace-Lorraine, a game that would at once wipe font the bitter spirit of La Revanche. Happily Mr. Crosfield's little , speech was delivered to quite an international assembly, every member of which must have entered into the sense of the thing, and have gone away with the determination to make their respective Cabinets addict themselves to the Royal and ancient game, in the real interests of the human race. That is merely so far as concerns the playing of a few games; but we must not forget the actual training of mind and tempera- ment, and the invaluable enrichment of one's vocabu- lary, that follow inevitably on the flight of the fascinating ball and the donee sound of the well- handled club. For, indeed, there is diplomacy in the game—match play, of course; Colonel Bogey is no diplomatist, he must have all or nothing. There is delicacy, too, and occasionally a little mercy, more particularly in the mixed foursome, which also provides opportunities for rapprochements most real and ententes mostcordial. The man who knows how to adjust his play at nice differences between a- Kite and a Colonel, a Red Dot or a Gravit4tor ' • familiar with their respective peculiarities off wood or iron ; cognisant that each hole has its peculiarity of turf and subsoil—who more fitted than he to serve his country whether on the greensward or against the Yellow Press?

===== 0002601_19090417_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
SIMPLE HOME REMEDIES.

Are you ailing in any way? Do you suffer from Catarrh, Rheumatism, Stomach,- Lirer, or Kidney complaints, Colds, or Coughs? No matter what your ailment, if it is curable you can cure yourself with the simple home remedies described in Munyon's new "Home Doctor Book," which can be obtained post free (if you mention The Warrington "Examiner ") from Munyon, 61, New Oxford-street, London, NV.C,

===== 0002601_19090417_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
OF UN BLEACHABLE CHARACTER.

- "My character is unhleachable," stated Richard Nicholson, a defendant at the Wigton Police-court on Tuesday, " You'll believe a saint rather than me," be complained, after Wag lined,

===== 0002601_19090417_art0102.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_19090417_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
,F7--kew - . ,4-! - Fl(2, By Mix. PErvBEATZTOI.4

.;44,..-.... ~ ~.., . ..„,..,.... ,„-,4., ItifT 41;t (t. w 8. ~...... s, 1....111fr"," -- I:iirii-::•1, •:*•.4":41 d‘t -:-, ' , r ~--- ......„. __..., ___ • ._, .... _,...._ ,4,.. , ~ .- 174...01,., ...,-4.v•..-*X"' - ......, • , , ~ ,

===== 0002601_19090417_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
Author of "The Iron Pirate " "The Hundred Days," "A Puritan's Wife,"

etc.; etc.

expense. I suppose that's your last show to " "The last's at half-past nine. You can 'ave twenty minutes with her. She said her name was Mimi Oliver and that she came from Bordeaux. Is it the truth, guv'nor, or a lie?"

"It's a lie," said I. "She left my house in Paris to go to you. Now leave vs together, please; I have much to say to her." . Hs nodded assent, and- 1 went up to the platform again. The show was quite deserted by this time, and the performers made a hasty supper in the corner over by the piano. As ier Mimi, ehe sat upon a bench a little way from .the others, dressed in her spangles and wearing that pretty smile I have never yet been able to fathom as long 116 I have known her. Whether she WCB pleased by my return, or still angry, I cannot say. But 1 went up and sat . besid€2 her ; and then I knew, Paddy, that nothing but her courage kept her from weeping. Of this interview, with its new issue, of all that she confessed to me, and of my plans for her, a letter to-morrow must tell you. I am but just in time to catch the post, and. to be plain with you, old friend, my heart is full of a sadness I cannot define and would write of to no other. The memory of this inter- view recalls it powerfully. Let me then sleep upon it all—and bidding you a hearty gcod night, remain--My dear Paddy, your friend, HARRY GASTONARD.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XVI.

[ll•ertry Gastonard give 3 a further account of his meeting with Mimi the Simpleton.] The New Vicarage, Lowestoft, August Bth, 1903. - - - .

Dear Paddy,--I was te-o seedy to write to yoa yesterday, nor did my good cousin's chat- ter concerning the things of this world help me to get better. Arthur is the kind of man wha buys in an earthly market and would re:dise in a celestial. Ire .IY.:.gan to talk of nli,tor securities this morning, and did not ce age Until he was called to the church for Litany but lie went with thunder on his bow, for little Martha insisted on chewing In 3 the green-houses meanwhile, and the man is as jealous as Othello. • YOU will readily imagine that I linger in this house chiefly for the comedy of it. I be- lieve that. Arthur would have told nie to go 11•3 morning if pretty Martha had not cut in be 'ore him. "Arthur is so delighted to have yo t here," says she, looking hard at him ac -oss the table, "there aro so few educated folk in these parts that it is a real kindness fo any friend to come and see him." You sh Auld have seen the black looks he cast back at ler. Ido believe the poor man nearly ci iked himself with the toast he was eating.

I shall go oVer to the hotel at Yarmotith to-morrow, Paddy later on, perhaps, from I Acre to Cromer, where Mimi goes with the t oupe. So much tells you in a word that I have not persuaded her to quit the gentleman cf the cockney accent, or to forsake the de- lights of posing before an ignorant multitude as the Senorita Alphonsine. What is in her mind Ido not know for any certainty. She understands, she must underst and, that I have no interest in Lea d'Alencon, and never had. But a jealous woman, wore especially when the Butte has taught her to be jealous, is one of the most incomprehensible of all mysteries, and such, I begin to ferr, will our little friend Mimi remain. - -

I talked to her very frankly the other even- ing, perhaps as frankly as ever I spoke to her in all my life. "You left Me at Poissy because Madams Lea came there," I said—and then I asked hcP---" Was that just, Mimi? Could I prevent her coming ? " To which she answered : - - .

"You could have prel.ented it, Monsieur Henry. No woman goes to a man who does not wish to see her—shc writes to him." I laughed at this. now like the Mimi of la Ga:ette. "Of course, old Georges 'Oleander taught you to say that. I remember it was one of his great, also foolish' sayings. 'I hose were famous days, Mimi. I. wonder what you would have said if I had forbidden you to see- Mr. Barrymorc or Count Charles, cr any of the friends you used to know? Suppose I had been jealous, as I had the right to "But you, you,, Monsieur henry—you were not my lover ; why should you be jealous?" "Mimi," said I, "we are going to forget the past just as we would forget a sad book that we have been reading. laliat is to pre- vent us? I shall never see Madame Lea again. If I saw her a thousand times, it would make no difference. You know that I love you, Mimi. How often must I 'say it to make you believe?" The words moved her to some emotion. There is no more intelligent face in. Europe than hers, none more beautiful; and I could see that the child was wrestling with some great temptation, unknown to me, and un- confessed. _ _ .

"It would be folly to speak of it, Monsieur Henry," she said presently • "I am not fit to be your wife. You are rich, and we are no longer at the .Maison du bon Tabac. I tried to .follow you out into the world, Monsieur Henry, but I lost you there—and I shall never find you again.' "Mimi," said I, "there has always been this between vs. You call me rich, but in a few months' time I may be poorer even than these people who employ you. Is not that enough for you? Shall I make myself poor to-morrow because riches keep you from me. Is that your wish, Mimi?" "I know the truth," she said quietly; "your great Irlandais told it to me. You are rich, and if you work you will remain rich. Do not believe those who tell you that the poor are happy, Monsieur Henry. That is what the rich say to defend themselves. Oh, do you think that I can be happy so far away from France and among these strange people? Would I not return to-morrow if I could do so?"

_ "You shall return, Mimi—we will go to- gether." She laughed drolly, turning the pathos of it with the cleverness a born actress alone could command. "To the Butte," she cried, "on the high- road? We will sup. at the Lapin Agil and breakfast at the Capitol. That's what I dream of when I dance before the people— but you are not in my dreams, Monsieur Henry; I think of a Paris which you have left—l do not see you any longer among my friends."

"Because you yourself have determined that it shall nOt be so."

"No—because you were not born of us; because you are an Englishman who has work to do in your own country. lamin my own world even in this pOor place. It is not your world—it must never be so."

This was the sum of it, Paddy, often ,re- peated. This chill believes that all my love for the Butte and its people is but a sham affection, that it will pass, that I am born to riches and position. She is clever enough to think that a marriage with me would be 'a false step, leading neither to her, happi- ness nor to mine. All this fine philosophy of hers is no sounder than the bloom upon a flower. If I could conjure up the old how° in Paris, people it with the old figures, re- call the old precarious life, the days of poverty, the days of comparative riches, the empty cupboards, the chiding corks—if I could do this, and say, "Mimi, come back to me," she would be in my arms in an instant. But be is afraid of her new situation; Lou-

===== 0002601_19090417_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER XV. (Continued.)

("The Chimes" at Yarmouth, and what Henry Gastonard learned of them.] It was a quaint scene, Paddy. Some fifty square yards were fenced in by a wooden awn- ing and provided with benches and garden. seats. The platform at the further end had a tern Union Jack for its emblem, and a Spanish flag to cross it. Here stood a piano, and two or three chairs for the performers, of whom there appeared to be five, including the lady accompanist. All were dressed in quasi- Pierrot costumes of black and yellow; and Mimi, I observed, wore precisely similar garments to the men. . As to the entertainment, it consisted of a part-song sung in three keys and wofully dis- cordant ; but Mimi left the group at the end of it, And returned shortly afterwards- in a black spangled dress and a quiet, respect- able mantilla.

I took my sent in a garden-chair to the left of the stage, and watched the child closely. She had not seen me, and I per- ceived that her whole soul went out to this business of the dancing. Perhaps it stood to her for a reflex of Paris in a dismal land. I can imagine her recalling the balls of the Butte—all the familiar faces of the Quat-Z- Arts—and believing for the time being that the music was made by Jean Delmas, and that Chardibert was her partner in the dance. She had no talent for such a class of entertainment—so much I confess at once. Her dancing was spirited, but inelegant; she threw herself about with the uncouth gestures of a child at play. When she sang, it was not in Spanish, but. in that argot of the atelier, which even a Frenchman in the audience might not have understood. But I understood it, Paddy ; and, as though she were speaking to me alone of all the com- pany, I watched her intently until her eye caught mine, and she ceased to dance as suddenly as though a strong man held her ankles to the floor. This was for the merest fraction of minute. A seedy individual in a long grey overcoat—or rather, on overcoat which Fad once once been grey—strode forward from his nook behind the Piano and addressed her in rough tones. She answered him with a nod, and continued to dance immediately, which provoked a whole torrent of bad langnage. and a subsequent draught from a substaatial flask when the back of the piano some vhat hid the man from the audience. Mimi, upon her part, now danced on as though she had never seen me at all. I did not catch her eye again, not once, until the entertainment was done and the people had quitted tho en- closare. Be sure,. however, that I had no intention of leaving without seeing her. That would have been a folly shrpassing all. No sooner was the crowd departed than I walked up to the platform and spoke to her in the French she understood so_ well. __

"Bon soir, Mimi. Shall lye go and fish for gudgeons at the Chat°let?" "Ah, me rs enfants—it is Monsieur Henry who has come back."

"What are you doing in this place, Mimi?"

"I am dancing, Monsieur henry." "I sec perfectly well; but you arc tired of dancing, and are now going to return to Paris with me."

"That is impossible, Monsieur Henry. I have not got a boat." "But I shall buy one. Go and tell these gentlemen that you can dance no more for them. I shall wait until you have done so." She shrugged her shoulder:3 defiantly. "Does Madame d'Alencou send you here, Monsieur Henry?"

"I will tell you when you have spoken to your friends." She was about to answer me when the greasy man stepped forward and intervened. Ile spoke in the jargon of the music halls. "'Ere," he said, cocking a vile cigar in the corner of a,. huge mouth, "and what's all this?"

"I have come to take this young lady to her friends," said I. "Ho," cried he, "and 'llTe you? Well, a bloomin' long journey that's going to be. 'Ere, you clear out, of this—we +don' t - 'aye none of your sort 'ere." I stepped up upon the platform and looked i him squarely • n the face. "My man," said I, "by whose authority did you take this girl from her home, and when will you show it to the police?" He turned a little pale, and took his cigar from his mouth hurriedly. "What's that to you?" he asked. "It is everything to me," said I, will presently discover." "Is she 'ere against 'Cr will, then? Arst 'Cr yourself. Ain't I givin"er advantages? Who says I took 'er from 'er friends—who says it? "

"as you

"I say it, and presently will prove it." "Oh you do, do yer? Well, my name's Jock Bendall, and my 'ome's the Pay. at Ealing. Now go and prove it let me see you do it. Why, half the profession will answer for my character. Who's going to answer for yours —and who the deuce are you, all said and done?" He did not wait for me to answer, but called Mimi up to him. "Do you know this man?" he asked her. "Yes, Monsieur; that is Monsieur Henry." "Is 'e related to you?" "He is one of my friends—l knew him in Paris." _ _

_ "A —student, I suppose. Just as I thought. Well, now 'e's going out of 'ere, and right sharp too." . Imagine the fellow's impudence, Paddy. He strode up to me in a threatening attitude and laid his hand upon my collar; but not a second time, for I tripped him before you could count two, and threw him headlong down among his own stalls. "Hands off," I said when he bad picked himself up, "and learn to behave 'yourself. I am now going to the police-station. You can follow me there if you like." I did not wait a moment longer, but marched from the place—Mimi watching me with wide-open eyes, another woman snivel- ling on the bosom of her "poor Jack," and that worthy himself close Upon my heels. As It turned out, my car stood within twenty yards of the place, and the sight of it with the great flaming headlamps and the gaping crowd about it sobered the clown, immedi- ately. He pushed up to me with a sidling gesture and spoke his first civil word. "No offence meant, guy'nor. Gawd wit- ness I never 'armed the girl. Don't be 'a sty like. So help me 'eaven, my own daughter ain't been treated better. Now, what's it all about—you ain't going to do nothink impru- dent, guy'nor?" I turned upon him and took him at his word. After all; I had no case for a policc-. court, and he might have beaten me hollow there. It was prudent to temporise, and I did not lose the opportunity. "I am the guardian of this child,"' said I. "Your honesty is not at stake if you listen to reason. I don't hold you responsible for her appearance here, but I must speak to her im- mediately. Show me where that can be done, and we may settle the affiCr yet." "If that's all, guv'nbr, you can speak to 'Cr in the show and welcome. I didn't' know I was talking to a gent like you—though. Gawd's truth, I'd pay a flyer to learn that fall." _ _ _ - .

"Oh, says I, showinz him a fi,e-pound note, "no need to try it a sccond lime. Tali( the 'compar7 out KO give them atipr.r at in:

===== 0002601_19090417_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
/ , - •••---,--,,,,,.-- .1 ~,, ...._ ~...__________.________,.. / 7 7/ I / ` A . . j _ --r: - \‘'4'l'.Q "‘.. -,.- ----- ":-...m. --*-s___.------_------ - 1.4"-• 'li i titill iciric. it .-'.././-7/ , ~..fs;, ...., /, -li,v4i, . / ~_ i /../ , , ~,..., ~..„:„ , ; y, ,„/".: _.......„,... ~.... 1,1 i. 11,1 111 ' il 1 li;' I. ' 14t4.,,t, , 4' 4-01 \,,,\- -. \ • , -,., tri,t4„, ii, 1I ), . / 6 • ,to_i ,•;i. i, .0 1 „,‘ 1 ia...7h11.1 1 1,1 f'A: ~,,,\!,..‘, ~.., .1 4: ‘c, . 1 --11:;, : ii ii 1/711! 10% " \\ 0. 1.1 k • /4:),,1 \ I f • i , f ,11'• aic /1 0 IPI II • / •I - '..'. 7 , .•ii-,:•t.. r. i 4,, ii •r. , '\,./ A ficii :1 i; 1 , ~ _ , A \ 1 ifJ-, . lek\:., f:•-: 1 1 1 ) - ,s I II ~.-,,,./4',/,/,_!: cil ..-1/„Lilliti,N, —,,,.. ,i ),,gh . , ,- 7, i'.4? ~ .-',... ':. , ~..-__,,__•• ~...V=-• .- __ i :,'°' I ' Ili .iori,:t3 .'.- 1 lit \ '::: ~,„.... - -.... ...:.:,:...-_.-).,.c.c.....--=- -::;:''.1";±r--"--= 1) I lil 'l' \\7‘ - ---'-------7--,-_-;- ~ ' .:q.. ::,- -'-'-- , . •...-

===== 0002601_19090417_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
"I threw him hrodlong down among his own stalls."

don has chilled her finest instiucts—FV., CP think of me but as the "great Afonsibur Henry, of the Hotel St. Paul." And be- tween me and her a great barrier is fixed. _ . . .

How to combat this argument I know not. Ms threat to shed myself of my money is both idle and impossible—it is the word oue whispers to a woman in an ecstasy of pas- sion, and repeats with a shamed grin next morning. I feel, Paddy, that I could not . support poverty—and yet here Ls poverty staring me already Ili the face, and promis- ing, like the Devil in "Faust," that he will 'lave Inc some day. To you I , put the pro- blem, for God knows I can make little of it. IG there any way—any sane way—by which I can win this child's love and make her my wife? Would it be a crime to do that? Am I a madman to be thinking of it at all? Write to me, old friend, and speak in plain terms. The Paddy of the old time was never ashamed to do that. You may addrees your letter to the Vicar- age, for little Martha will see that every thing is forwarded. I am tired already c) this lantern-jawed cousin of mine, wh( nagged his wife* for three hours last nigi'. because she would not turn me out, ani prayed before brea,kfast this morning fo charity. I heard them quarrelling; the wal' was not thick enough to keep those dread sounds out—but she silenced him in the end though how, Ido not know. When next l saw her she was wearing a bearskin on he shoulders, and her hair was the colour of i! terra-cotta house. They are to have the first dress rehearsal for the Pageant to-morrow-- and Arthur, who has just preached anothei. sermon against the theatre, is to be the with a megaphone. Gex.l bless him! He is the poorest creature in Suffolk, though not in the least stware of the fact.—Dear Paddy, yours dolefully, IfARRY GASTONAR D.

CHAPTER XVII. [Paddy O'Connell lays down the law.] Glendalough, August 121 h, 1903. Dear Harry,—What I wou:d have you to do is to set about getting your living. 'Tis honest advice and the best I can give you— though it's precious little I do in that line myself, and ao poor hand I would be at the employment if my father—God rest his soul —had not done the business for me. .

I am little acquainted with the art of money-making, and no wise adviser in that matter. But I see plainly enough that if you do not sot about earning your living, this parson man will be banking your fortune and thanking God for it, whi:e you will be next door to a beggar in the streets, and a mighty unsuccessful one at that. Let me ask you what you could bring, to the child if you lost your fortune. This gipsy notion is well enough when a man fol- lows it by choice ' • but there is a time Of life when you begin to sniff at the cooking-pot and _to ask how many thorns are in your bed befA you and you will .come to that be- fore thost of us, by reason of the 'habits you have acquired. Indeed, Harry, lam not sure- that you understand at all what this lose of fortune may mean . to you, nor do I be- lieve your life will be worth living when. fon have lost it. You are young, you have a fine presence, people take a liking,to the looks of you, you arc by no means wanting in brains. Should you get on the Stock Exchange you would find clients enough—or, for that matter, you might turn your Art knowledge to some ad- vantage and see what you can do in that line.

Shake your wits together, my boy, and make a start, to-morrow if you. can. 1 couldn't do it myself—unless I were taken up by those who would learn to ride, or golf, or play a decent hand at bridge; but you can do it, Harry, for you have the brains; and if you love this little girl out of France, and if your heart is full because of her, you will lose no time in following my advice arta pre- paring that home she will be willing enough to occupy. Meanwhile, see, for God's sake, that no harm overtakes her. It's worse than wicked to hear of the company she is in. Pay for a change cf employment and do not let her know that you have done it. Your purse may help to achieve this. Pull the strings of it wide open, Harry, awl put her in some de- cent way of life, in London for preference, and where you can watch over her. I have said from the first that the blood of the Bo- hemian runs strong in her veins. I doubt that you will ever tie her to any house or country—but the effort is worth the making, and you know that you have my good wishes in the matter.

As for your prudence, your right to marry her or the wisdom of it, you know that I am a man who said be hanged to convention many years ago. • What a sorry peep-show, what a play of shams and meanness and false pleasures is this social world we know, and into which we were born ! I tell you that the hut on the mountain side —if there be good whisky therein and a decent golf course within riding distance is all the palace I will ever require; while, as for my friend Harry, if the great high road and the cafe at the far end of it are not his goal, then say that I know nothing of men and less of the sex that does us all the mischief.

You will set about earning your living, Harry, and put Mimi to some decent em- ployment unbeknown to her that you have done it. This is the wisdom and the wish of your old friend, PADDY.

CHAPTER XVIII. [ln which we hear something of the Pageant at Lowestoft.]

The Grand Hotel, Cromer. • August 14th, 1905. Dear Paddy,—The Pageant at Lowestoft came and went on Saturday last—the occa- sion of its , first representation—and your faithful epistler has departed with it under circumstances which should be mad 2 know- to you. These were as r:dieulouS as they were inevitable; but they have left my goad cousin in a sad state of mind, and his little wife no less agitated. I count it nothing less than a tragedy, Paddy, that your friend, Henry Gastonard, who would no more Make love to another man's rife than he would steal the spoon( from his table, sl,lould twice carry a fire- brand into a waceful house and there extill. gulsh it not at all or but doubtfully. 'lbis none the less,. has been my undeserved fate. quitted Lowestoft, leaving my cousin torn In jealousy concerning Martha, and myself. Hir anger is as alsisurd as his suspicions ; but o! both you shall now hear.

To /.gin with, let me say that I hail some fine fun with him on Friday night upon In return re-am Yanuouth. Tho talk after limier chanced to turn upon the ease or .kiffielliv of making money; gizd, wif!hfu!

enan Arut uf, 1. ocgan to speax or my own in- tentions. jo have heard me you would have said that I had but to lift a finger to n-dake ten thousand a year. I spoke of this scheme and of that, of the financiers I knew and the financizrs who wish-2d to know rne. I men- tioned young Gould casually, and threw in Harry Vanderbilt as though he were a paper- weight; to all of which Arthur listened en- tranced. His coloor alternated between that ,of Hr.!' departing ra-nbow and the newly-im- ported orange. There were moments when he • wa43 at a loss how to address me at all.

"Did you say that you wore venturing your own capital in these affairs?" he. asked me. The simple fellow, a child would have Seen through the question. "Not a penny' if it," said I, Ening my glaFs with the Afarna"o, old in bottle, which he buys from a neighbouring- grocer for our-and- three; "not a penny of it, Arthur. You must understand that I am bring:ng the new French motor-cab companies io London, and when the Syndicate has put down two hundred and fifty thousand, there should be sonic seven or eight for me as negottatory vendor to begin with ; and if they don't pay me twelve or fifteen hundred a year after- ward's to look after their interests, • I'm a Dutchman. What I wanted to ask you was just this : Do you think I am wise to take up such a thing as a motor-cab, or would you ad- vise me to stick to the flotafon of the new submarine company, in which you know that I have interest? You have great sigaeity and ir.-_reption, and so I put the question t,, you frankly." Upon my word, Paddy, the mitn'i face was a study when I said thin, and it was worth snything to hear him humming and hawing in the very best pulpit ma:Ater before he annwercd me.

"A elvrgyman knows little of financial affairs," he remarked, coughing slightly to cover his difficulty. " Undoubtedly, a cab ii net a very dignified conveyance, and cr— hem, the future of the motor-car is—that is --may be-- a dusty one. I should conaider the whole question very closely, Henry. There are two sides to it, as to every ques- tion."

"And to every cab, Arthur. Well, I shall take yotir advice, for, of course, if I don't do somethiffg very soon, you will be having my little lot and driving a four-in-hand to Hur- lingham. I don't -mean to let you do that, Arthur. I shall stick to the money; though, if ever you want fifty for parochial us-:s, don't forget to tell me." He was visibly upset—he is not a man who can bide -h!s feelings. I believe that if I had said the word, he would have consented to a compromise on the spot. But I am an ot-sti- nate fool, Paddy, and I feel that I vicUld sooner sleep on the Embankment without a shirt. to my back than part with one shilling to this disciple of the Law and the Profit 3 who would spend it So ill.

(To b 2 Continued.)

===== 0002601_19090417_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL ODDFELLOWSHIP.

The quarterly district meeting of the Manchester Unity Order of Oddreßows was held at the " William StiVBl,o " Lodge, Kiig and Queen Hotel, Padgsve-lene, en Saturday afternoon, when theue were pr.* s •nt : Pros.. Grand Master G. F. Freeman (in the chair), sup- ported by I.P.G.M. Lot Brooks, Prov. D.G.M. I. B. Fort es, P.P.0.N1. Fear k Wersster (co.-re sponding secretary), P.G. Thomas Wads% on h (district i reastirer), and is large attendance f delegates from the various lodges. The accounts and auditors' report were adopted. —The funds of the district showed a gain for the quarter of £lOB 55..11!(1., and the tr.t 11 capital of the district fonds was lucre .ted thereby to £3,51:0 2-. The membership of the district had increased to 2,0‘..6. I.P.G.M. Lot Brooks gave a report on betalf of his co-delegates of the proceedings of the met ting of the Le ncrist.ire and Alaceut Districts' cfaaference, held at 'Liverpool on she 20th February, a hith proved very instructiVe. There were five nomit ati( us for the election of four representatives to the next meeting of the Lanett- hire and Adjacent District Conference, to be held at Manchester in May, and Bros. T. P. Forbes ("Olive Branch"), T. P. B:adshave, " Prince of %1 ales "), A. E. Spann (" Constitutit n"), and J. A. Wright ("Cadishead ”) were chosen, It, was decided to send' two delegates to the Austral Movable Cunierence, to be held during hit-weeek at Bradford, and P.P.G.M. Alban Boyle (" Olive Blanch '') and P.G. A. E. Spann ( 'Constitution ") were ur.aisimously selected. The meeting resolved itself into committee to con-ider an urgent appeal of a tick brother fur admithrsnce into a sanatorium to which the order very generously stsbscribe and have hods piloted to them. The questioi s cycling and redid ev enirg were discussed. The district colfccrs (Prov. G.M. George F. Freeman, D. Prov. G.M. Thorras Forbes, I. Prov. P.G.M. Lt,t, Brooks s and C. F. F. Wet ster) paid their official visit to the " Lojal Constitution " Lodge, the Pelican Hotel, on SaturJay evening. N.G. Ellison presided and V. G. F. Buckley Mellor occupied the vice-chair. The Grand Master pointed out that it was the duty of every Oddtellow to wcrk bard for his lodge and ta endeaw ur to ot thin new members. Every brother should advertise the order as much as possible. They need have no fear in 83 doing, for the advantage of Oddrellowship ow r other friendly societies were ir any. Their financial conditie n was round, and I e could assure them that during his term of he would do everything in his power to advance Oddfelloa ship in the Warrington district. He that ked the Lodge for the welcome they had gii en him and his brother officers. (Applause'. D. Prov. G.M. Forbes con- gratulated their assistant secretary, P.G. Henry Taylor on his recovery from his recent illness. He knew Bro. Taylor had the interests of his lodge at heart, and be was pleased to see him back in his place and he tiusted he might 1 c spared for many years to work fr r Oddfellow ship. (Andante) C.S. F. Webster said there were now over two thousand members in the Warrington District. Last year they had paid in sick beneuts alone over £1,500. 1 hat in itself was proof of the good work the Society was doing. (Applause.) Ihe money of the district was soundly invested, and to was sure the district would continuo to progress so long as the members took the same interest as the' were doin,, at rreteut. (Applause.) —On the proposition of P.G. Peter Lester. seconded by P,G. John Ellisen and supported by P.G. Warburton Steel and P.G. William Watson, a vote of Thanks was accorded to the District officers for their visit.—P.G. John Wright (Cadistead), p• esident of the Widows aed Orphans Fund) pleadel for the members to support that n:ost worthy fund, and spoke of the geod work it was doing anongst the widows of OddfellowE.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
MOUNTAIN FIRES IN WALES.

A huge conflagration has occurred on the mot ntains overloeking the vale of Llangolltn. At noon on Saturday the heather on the Berswn range ignited and the Ore extended over two miles. The flames consumed every pat tick of vegetation. No water was availalde at such an att it til 3, but numbers of beat. is turned out, aid with difficulty prevented the lite from spreading to the extensile woods in the district.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
TRANSPORTER BRIDGE RE-OPENED FOR TRAFFIC.

The alteratir•nl and renewals to the drivino• gear of the trojley, which Lemsitated t heelosing of the Bridge on March 24th, h. ling been corop'eted, the Bridge was re-optned for traffic on Monday mining.

LINSEED COMPOUND' (Aniseed, Senega, Squil ac.), for Coughs, Of Chemists only.—Advt.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
oZA

PHOTOGRAPHIC NOTES.

By Veronica.

SUPPLEMENTARY LENSES.

For the amateur who has a long purse a collection of lenses of vat ions foci is an easy matter, but to many the possession of more than one lens is a great 'usury. It frequently happens that in photo- graphing say, an interior of a church, that your lens, which is quite suitable for outdoor work and ordinary portraiture is of too narrow an angle to yield a atisfactory result., On the other hand it may happen =ll t you are photographing out of doors where there is only one position of photographing a house, castle or similar subject, and yet the picture is much smaller on your plate than you wish it to be. The oril way to overcome this difficulty is by using a lens of a longrr foci. In such cases as these supplementary lenses, such as the Planascope lenses sra cf great service. These consist of cemented, achromatic combinations with a very neat spring attachment for fixing on to the front of a lens. They are made in several forms ; the wide angle, which reduces the focus, the telephoto which increases the focus, and also two other forms especially for copying and Portrait work The cost of these supplementary eases is only a matter of a few shillings, which is ery different co:npared with the cost of an extra lensv

south chancel window, the light from this windol°- produces a very nice effect on the altar. Those of you who only possess one lens with your camera will n" doubt be disappointed with the small amount of the church interior that you will get-on your plate. • The only way to overcome this difficulty is either to use one of the supplementary wide angle lens attachments which can be purchased for a few shillings, or else t° obtain a shorter focus lens than the one you are in the habit of using, Which necessarily gives you a wider angle of view. If you possess two cameras, say one a plate :19d the other a plate with an anastigmat lens on eacO, try using the 1 plate lens on the plate camera f"r, this work, and by stooping down to, say, Flt; you wilt find the lens (if it is a fairly good one); will fully cover the ;- plats, and, at the same time, will embrace a much wider angle of view than the half plate lens. Although this lens will cover a half plate at Fl 6, to get al4olute sharpness of seats that may be near the camera in the foreground you may find it necessary to stop down considerably more, even as 'much so F6l. This, of course, means a lengthy exposure, but long exposures sometimes have their advantages. .01 cases where visitors arc about inspecting the chureht, unless they are in very light garments, it matters bat little if they move about in front of the camera during a long exposure, whereas, in the case of a short exposure, considerable inconvenience may be caused by people viewing the church. In cases where the east window allows the passing- of a large amount of light trouble frequently arises feom either halation, or worse still, reversal in development. The trouble of halation can be remedied by haviog the plate backed, but reversal -during developme° through prolonged exposure is a difficult thing to cote with. During development if .you suspect the latter trouble it is well to have a small sable paint brush in a measure containing bromide of potassium, or sloe in a.solution of citric of soda, and if you find this window flashes up very quickly before any of thie surrounding parts appear, pour off your developer all paint over the window with this - restrainer. To ti° this well a certain amount .of practice is necessaryi otherwise you will find the restrainer will spread over the edges of the window and cause unusual markinhl in the negative. This is the one point to ho careflo about, that the restrainer does not spread. It is e' good thing to have another brush that is fairly free from water to wipe away the restrainer from any part of the negative where it runs over. Now pour on the developer over the entire plate and proceed. By these means you can keep - the .development of the wilidoo back, and in ninny cases prevent reversal of the image. Be careful in photographing these interiors that vow; camera is absolutely upright, otherwise you will fimi that the uprights in your picture will be tilting over. Lack of attention to such a little detail froquentlY 'mars what might otherwise be a successful photograPh' NEW IDEAS IN PHOTOGRAPHIC EXHIBITIONS'

From a circular that has come to my -notice fr° the . Birmingham Photographic Society I see that 3 move is being made to encourage members to take g larger interest in the annual exhibition by giri"g prizes for many specialised subjects. Many of the° are of a practical nature. ,The idea, when it is ilia& public, will, no doubt, find Juany imitators, in other societies, as it opens sucha field of originality.

PRACTICAL PLIOTOGRAPIIIC

HANDBOOKS. rosT FREE Is. 21'.

is. EACH. RETOUCHING. TELEPHOTO WORK. I'HOTOGIiAPIIIC FAT LURES. HAND C.AMERA PHOTOGRAPHY. ADVANCED HAND CAMERA WORK. DAWBARN & WARP, LTD., V, FARRINGDON AVENUE, LONDON, E.C.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
MOUNTING HINTS,

Undoubtedly for those who can afford it there is no better method of nnunting than what is known as the dry mounting method, but the cost of an outfit is rather more than the average worke wishes to give. The method can I e adopted by improvising form, use the ordinary hout•ehold flat iron instead of the press The adhesive tissues can be bought at most dealers. Tl.e great advantage of this dry mounting is that is that you avoid all trouble of cockling that frequently occurs when tther melhods are Used. If you are using sta,ch or any of the ready made mountants that are on the mar Let, and you are not mounting on paper or thin mounts, it is best to soak all the prints first cf all in water, then taking them out putting them faro downward on a glass plat-, not in a regular pack but in a heap, So that one overlaps the other. Squeeze as much of he water off the prints by hand pressure, or cover over with a cloth or blotting paper, so as to gct rid of all super linens water. You then commence to and by having the prints wet you will find that the edges will not come away from the mount, which frequently happens if the print is dry when pasting. Trouble sometimes arises if ycu have carefully trimmed your print before so as to fit a special mount by one way of the paper stretching more than another, and you will -probably find, especially if Jou are using a large size, that it has stretched out of all proportions for the mount that you have trimmed it for. The difficulty now is how to cut the strip off your print while it is still wet. It is not generally known that this can easily be accomplished by laying the print face upwards on a piece of card- -board. Put your cutting shape over this, then with a sharp penknife the strip can be cut off without any fear of jagging the edges, which would certainly cceur if you were cutting it on glass. It sometimes happens that you wish to dry a mounted pint quickly. This is very simple if you are printing on a collodion paper. In the case Of a gelatine paper it is always risky to put the print in front of the fire in ease the film n ight melt. However, a gelatine 'print may be fairly safely dried by the following method. Obtain a filly thick.sheet a cardboard, and fix this some eighteen inches or so above a gas ring. The wet rrnunted print can now be played face upwards on this card, and in the course of ten minutes you will find it dry without any trouble.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
CLEAN LENSES

I nctice the above title attached to a paragraph with two poetical illustrations in the March number of "The Photogiaphic Monthly." It shows the repro- dulion of two prints, in which one is a good sharp nepative of a house, while, %ha other one has quite a blurred and fuzzy appearance. They illustrate ‘N hat will happen if you use a lens that is covered with dust, or, as is more likely to be the case, if you have condensation of moisture on your lens. In these days when caps to lenses are so rarely used owing to the use of self capping and other shutters, this is a difficulty which may often arise without being swore cf the fact. I remember some years ago, one very cold Easter, I was taking some photographs in the early morning of some volunteer rnatucuvres and I was surpiised on development to find that the first three or four pictmes were all fuzzy, and it was a long titne before I found out the cause. It being a very cold mot ning in taking my camera, which had been through the night in a warm room, moisture immediately cond-ensed on the lens, Litt after a certain chile this cleared of its own accord, as soon as the glass chillcd down to the, same temperature as the atmosphere, which acccunted for the pictures taken ahem', aids being all right, while the early exposures were so bad.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
PHOTOGRAPHING CHURCH INTERIORS.

At this time of the year the best opportunity occurs for photographing the interior of churches, as at the Easter festival the-altar frontals and chancel hangings are, in churches that use such hangings, of a white character. This may seem a small point but it is a great advantage, especially in those churches that have a large amount of light coming in through the east window, thereby lessening the \severe contrast that would otherwise occur. The best time for photo- graphing is during the morning about 1.1 o'clock, as if you have the advantage of sunlight and there is a

Zonz-Buk, the renowned cure for cuts, bruises. burns, scalds, piles, ulcers, eczema. ringworm, festering cores, abscesses, pimples and spring rashes, is prepared only by Mr Zani-Buk Mfg. Co., and sold by chemists at 1174, 219, or 116 a box. Direct at same prices rrom the Zam-link Co.. IS, cow Ciws Street, London, E.C.

to the proposed operation. I smeared Zam-Buk all over the ulcers, and that night I slept for the first time for many wears' weeks. Slowly but surely Zam-Buk checked the disease, ttre mortified and discoloured tissue was cleared away, and new healthy flesh was made to grow. The great holes in leg closed up and were then covered with a new flesh and skin; until the ltmb was completely built up again."

NO? :4 :. - Vfirtr.,: . -'0•!:.7:.• -•1. :. ,;,,,,AO-.;. .". , ~ , „...,,..,.. .. ~,, ~,,,,,,-,. • ' r,r.v.,‘ - : , .•-:-.‘ .•'' ;;riiii.•!' ...' •.4 .k . • ' '' Z. ~:.' . , 00 .-:,:v' ~".-•.- ~..=, .4.,.:,..: , ~.neiten.r—,..!"..: V.... 1,4,,, 7. , • if, .....4 tit ' 4.41.,#,,,,,,,,v.)41,,,..44.. ~. ~ i 94_. -,l

===== 0002601_19090417_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
f .4177 „I„Ata•S.

w • lye, =rr, , , . ..;ge • - .

FAMOUS DOCTORS

advocate the use of DR. CASSELLS' TABLETS.

The folios ing aro among those emicent in mien& and research who c. nscienti,u-ly recommend Dr' Omen's Tablets :

Dr. Itiimsiy Colles, 3.P., LL.D., 4R, Princns Sq., Bar' water, %I'll, es :—" A sue and reliable remedy for Dere and bodily weakness." . Dr. Fo shaw, Ph.D., D.Sc ,B,sltimore llonse,Bradfor:l wr:tes :—" A rentarkaily potential remedy, quite !nue for young and old, in clses of nervous prostration, 101 of flesh, children's weakness and many forms of stonnicil and kidney troubles." • Dr. Chas. N. Bot wood, D.Sc., Ph.D., 74, Anal NMI° Yoik, a rites :—" I have no hesit ttion in recommending Dr. Cassell's Tablets as art trustworthy htutseholti remedy for loss of flesh and vg wr, nerve affection and bodily weakness." _ _ -

- I If you are suffering frout loss of no It, Lervons prof" I tration aTmia, indigestion, wrecked nerves, eternavh lend kidney tr )übtes; or any form of nerve or budill weakness, a cows() of Dr. Cass .11s Tablets, tha spfedi• est and most effective cure, will soon put you rtibt' IRf.cornmencled by drit inguishAd people all over th'i country. Price, 10Ail., la. lid., and 24. 91. of all I chemists. I * .

===== 0002601_19090417_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
CU r fING SEED POTATOES.

Limn large tubers nra received, and it is felt to ha wasteful to pl ,nt ttem whole as seel. there is no other course open Lot to cut them in half.lt is wise in all csFeS to specut these sets first ; then, assured that at least one stout bud or sprout is attached to ( (WI portion, td cut the tubers fram betwe, n t 10-se crown shoots length' wise. If that be tone some forty-eight hours before planting them, dusting tha cut sorra •es with slaked lime, to cause them to forma thick ski,' or csilus, 003 there is no waste of tap, neither do the flesh surfael oiler special food to grubs or'other soil insects.—"D' in" Gardening Illustrated."

===== 0002601_19090417_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
,__

i2]

vv:tie:atlronagl:a.Orlif: 1-3,hurch Inst liev. T. T. I r• Rooth) ir matches ( this bki Istnner of vrize 11rc ,• S. 13arnes sam,ing a considered Passed. Th( resulted ns Ptain asaYlor hei larY,Mr. • Smith H. alld R. dark. of thanks ta

rn ftrg Go ot prid ,mithers and 4 naPPY bun VES• h 1 raY e d at chri V.IL I. . sent Alessrs wriestner, wardens' Roc p4°Wed the blelnents t( 4.111 g anent: Ittees _ a co_ und a - g "of up t_ ri inetur 'aPaoint Parishie el J. IV. fitninetr Wardens and Ipld referred tteal, WhiCh

eo oK pc patlneil h,(tirington- w=a examinf tn. 1114°Iv ete,„_ the'nt kceti sedilt

ThA eap VeStr• ;1• 4 .uOrnhji (led terf and leri!sro,d f._ vestry , Pass',"ig a e Att. th Ir le • jker t4ei,forci Nt Y.and was ver'l,l nated • A _scy et ecb croft, ,atxiders. .ect,ci tay ert,.,;,, irnp I,°llltch. Ppraxi e sppar rest( tbe atus o 9 lower s -9 18 t 10• for r the t the ow( leotwocitia POOr eto:: they in mvt.tvour t ins'. ll° elle .1-act Wetka , (no tieck 1:1111slal

===== 0002601_19090417_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
DISTRICT NEWS.

Moore. ~II4OORE AND DARESBURY CRICKET CLUB.—The annual tiog of the above club was held in the Milner liar uroh Institute, Moore, on Wednesday evening. The 1% T. Lee-Jones presking. The Secret3ry (Mr. R. , nooth) in his report stated that the club had played 1 .7 Matches during the past season winning 7 and losing being the worst record for ten years. The 41,"" of the batting prize was Mr. Arthur Dutton Th.." an average of 2117 and the winner of the bowling Mr. Sam Taylor with an average of 3•59 for 32 ,Ickets.—ln the absence of the Hon. Treasurer (Rev. Barnes), Mr. Booth submitted the balance sheet c:„Nv,i,ng a balance in hand of £6 19s. id. this being p,:l'uored highly satisfactory and was unanimously -sed• resulted The election of officers for the firming season as follows --President, Mr. John White ; (Z,tiltio, Rev. T. T. Lee-Jones ; vice-captain, Mr. Samuel tar-I:°r ; hon. treasurer, Rev. J. S. Barnes ; hon. seem- g,A.lr. R. Percy Booth ; committee, illesrs. T. Venter, atdß.t H. Taylor, R. F. Woods, A. Dutton, H. dePrez of GandY. The meeting closed with a hearty vote thanks to the Chairman for presiding.

Croft. , Goon PRIDA.Y proved a glorious day for all who irEd a ramble in the country. This or Croft had r:uan'Se.r.number of visitors than ever. Swing boats, abouts and Aunt Sallies made the country sound te'T a fair. Dancing was provided in Mr. E. W. Sankey's a_lod, and the Hindley Public Band supplied the music. Mur- i-Friday appears to be the opening day for the i.9theal visits of the people from the adjacent towns. ;Titers and cotton operatives particularly make Croft a PPY hunting ground. 11.EsTRY- MEETII4O.—TIIe annual vestry meeting was ;RI at Christ Church on Monday forenoon, the Rector I. Wade-on) pr, siding. There were also pre- Ltae.stirs J. y . J. Ball and P. Ingham (wardens), W. . Hunt (sidesmen) and others. The ahodeus' accounts for the past year were submitted and tlwed the receipts to have been £5B I Os. 9d., and the eTtnents £63 43. 4d' , the debit balance of £4 13s. 7d., 4i.VIR accounted for by unfavourable climatic con- and the painting of the exterior of the church at Pn aR3t c't upwards of £6, an expense wh!ch will not be te:ai incurred for a considerable time.—M,. Ball was ParPr)(.3lutel rector's warden, Mr. P. Ingham, \\litoners' warden, and Messrs. W. Priestner and Nv3rd sidesmen. The Rector thanked the church- and s and others for their help during the past year Nferred to the kindly feeling prevailing amongst '11: which he trusted might long continue. (Applause.)

Grappenhall. BR° eO4, RIC- POLLUTION.—At the Runcorn Rural District karr",°" meeting held at Dutton on Tt.esday, Mr. 'agton (inspector of nuisances), reported that he %vat eumined the brook at G. appenhall and provision ketrw being made to put dams down at the corn- ant of the stream in order t.) arrest the progress lascej' sediment. He would report further at the next lag.

The VESTRY :MEETING. da vestry Ireqting was held at this church on Tues- ,.l Morning. The Rector (Rev. H. V. Pigot) pre- 13ereeti.aud there were also present :—Messrs. H. Isenord 'Melville H. S. Lavland (ehurchwarr!ens), T. fv4v,rl°Y, 11. N. Mo'rrey, A. 'Evans and J. Mai ewaring. rsheY c!erk). The acaounts were presented and Pas 'ved a credit balance of £l4 23.10 d. They wore Arr'cl iflon the proposition of Mr. Morrey seconded 12:y Mr. tere,rierley. The Rector. re-nominated _ 11. ord Nlelville to serve as his warden andLM b.A1:8;43, ienedwteltdse re-elected people's warden. The Rector e_nl,eated Mr. Alfred B. Dakin as his sidesman and the the following :—Messrs. Barber, Money, l'eroft Puller B 1 W Wild, and Captain settee _, rier ee• • • elee,-"ers. Messrs Melville and Lister. Kaye were re-_ eartaer,‘ !!!,y repressntative.s.—Mr. Melville mentioned thurtc.unprovements which were to take place at the aPpre'• Re said they wanted £5O for . cMthe.o.mrga.nn.; aPpasx,'mahele £l5 for the re-fixing of the th 'aota on the clock and about £l2 for repairs to •t2twer st lu eps and circh wall. They had received for • for the organ, £8 6s. for the clock, and £7 Bs. th 'es tower steps and church wall. With regard to le:Parochial fund, he regretted to say that there had see: a Poor response. He theught the congregation elle_ they saw that they we i e) in earnest n -their le I,tVOUr to keep up the finances would support them k iastn offertories and that they would be able to ich the different contractors to start the different visor 3 eleek tratnediately, particularly with regard to the arid the tower steps and the churchyard wall. Palmate. • W AT THE DAY SCFIOOO;TA very enjoyablewas spent at the Padea e Day Schols on evening when a concert entitled "The toicsliseta.%ll" was "' given by the infants. The concert Pros. ed of songs, dances and tableaus. A splendid iie,,,,'"arnale was gone through: and the concert proved an e'erlse success. bibl bLE CLASS SOCIAL—The members of the Men's iaTe class gave a very enjoyable " social " in the litelgate C.E. school on Easter Monday. Dancing was geal I Stith zest, the music being supplied by Mr. por tibusworth, while Air. T. Antrobus ofliciatecl 11911. P. 'LW 6 non-dnhcere a v% hist drive was provided. Mr. lariz ester, was successful in winning the gentleman's Prir: and Mr. H. Smith was awarded a consolation eee'sje winning ladies were :1, Miss Wilsonj bickenanubn prize, Miss Antrobus. The Rev. G. W. vicar, yeas present. AT THE RAILWAY STATION.—On Monday rev.l6g, about 10 o'clock, a party of ladies were awaie- !'ralel to Warrington, when the strong wind tt Creing et the time blew cite of the ladies' eats off. Airg: tell *t on to the metals and one of the women, .a aad (441,5q1s Scrivens, of Warrington, jumped .after it raile dAomg, so fell heavily with her head against the Pertel trein was approaching but Chas. Leech, at Parsee', Pluckily jumped on to the metals and at great Pesitr a l risk rescued the woman from her perilous Pts °,,ne• She AV:IS so badly injured that Dr. 13ennett,who •k,allre:' unioned, ordered her immediate removal to the arY where she was detained as an in-patient. ttteivsT.,elt DAY SERVICES.—Servicel of an appropri- q elslaai: ,oas character were held at Christ Church on e_meee're-il-TY, the church having been most beautifully ern `e° with s ine flowers. The work of embellisb- :..l44:tetunderAen'hy the fgowine ladies :—Pulpit, rerer°ll and Miss L. Birtles ; cOmmenion _table Nliss Birtles ; font, Mrs. J. D. Buckton ; 4-1- eeatb 9 Young and Mrs. Pover ; window, Miss 4, , Mr; ' g r bile %Irs.J. Fair assisted generilly. ,I Ihe 111,rget,-„" commiin.cants was nearly 300, showing a "as th—'e,ease on former ears. The morning preacher 1-;r°v• Canon'or Stevenson, who preached on "The anddeth"while in the evening the Vicar, l°t the-. k'r• W. Dice•kiiieon discoursed on 'The power ather; resurrection." 'At' the morning service the ,'as sotras "As it began to dawn " Foster), the yeree ° being_ eeeen„tly sung by Mr. S. Oddy. The ‘ltovvi,g anthe n was" Ye choir of new Jerusalem kiag e-°`l Smart), the treble solo helve, very sweetly Y -Master Sydney Denham. I;z1v Culcheth and Newchurch. 11. e • Z,!re 1111.11 CH PARISH CHURCH.—The usual services este/I,' e In this place on Easter Sunday end spec.ial eitlquey kantaoeweetthahre were rendered by the choir. lhe ray Redeemer liveth beauti- e4t bY Miss A. Maddock and Miss B. Cloworth, - taming service. The .collections which °teffeelee.l°‘e-er Z 27 were given to the Rector as ert Easter eeee rite church had been tastefully decerated for the lady' members of the congregation. NI.E.ETING.—The annual vestry meeting was ay the following being present: Rev. E. tlaaepte:el,-;r1 e.try Kaye (chairman) Messrs- T. E. Uith- lee'tisoe a -re Boardman, .1. Lawton, R. Grimshaw, C. areal tldd• Marsh. The accounts for the past year ine-approved showing an adverse balance e7eetie ° heavy expenditure. At the close of the t'vela'aa tghea'av°_,rY interesting reesenta ti,on took place, l'eis lar`"tre of the village Captain, T. B. Wtbing. vloe rosilver sented by the wardens and stdesinen with :a eof mounted walking stick as an apprecia- "ctioaseerivtitrist. rendered to the church during his con- _ See, 471ae4 he.lAeLi ANI)-DANCE.—An invitation social and dance ras - the day schoolsof the Culcheth Cottage. s en y d'Lethe cen'ex_eanesday. .Refreshments, kindly previded eltijoing tee'er_a_ 0(4 the institution, were partaken of aetepd ativl present and the d was thoreughly o.n Bosatnocck nod Mr. Weiner tur de" i\LC.'s and NI • J End Mr. Gould played Nada acne,. 6uri .., . Jule !!4tl ttn° MtSS NV'tddn' the evening la r.as,entation was the institu- - -get nia;riedi.,t'lelsil:swphroeslesntactaiont'coeis!sisted of a the te4Pot th- 'ill a silver-mounted comb. .Mr. Morgan,o.io li,'-'etelecolie‘netaltZtitt,nwhO male the pressentatiee, 'ixPreaaZd her d int t ers iwndi whilst Waddingtonsp had Miss Institution and Oure hontlle- wish that she might be very happy in her ' all pes n WiSle.whiall, was very heartily endorsed eete blPsk.ll lboelNej'AT CULCUETIT.—A wedding whichcreated II kl'rish h IL,iterest wes solemnized at the Newchurch eriTreB einh Ivget:h i ,3 on Alondey, the Rev. E. W. Whittenhury °Mei iting mieister. The contracting aee 0 are both wall -known and respected in the -tee Ives, we - nown le _ e 4, Robert Farrsn, of Church-lane, New. '341 4u Migs Ed' 'kfw The I ; ith Hurst, of the Post Office, lee, attired i who vvas given away by her. father, eert7.Diet,ire ,a a areas of mole coloured material with I(ied bot!at, trimmed with white lilacs to,match,and .of beautiful flowers. The brides- est, b jee Lizzie Claytoe, neices t:ttereetli.c:dreec::rtirerNa,:l°:lsl`filsee't‘alciheewatiodrel‘igiistey costumes with white bouquets. Mr. T. Clayton, nephew of era"Ptioe 'ea as hest man. After the ceremony a I'4-4'. bee faoar _beld at the home of the bride. The bride- - o avie, me years been the village postman, the ige,r acted risen assistant po th stmistress for e - va bee4'-renYere A laree nUmber of beautiful presents. eceleed. b thresND com. (tad dim, 'POUND' for Coughs &Colds. Relieved cult breathing. 91d., is.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
Stretton.

VESTRY MEETING.—The annual vestry meeting was held in the schoolroom on Monday evening, the Vicar the Rev. and Hon. C. F. Cross presididg. A fair number of the parishioners attended. The churchwardens pre- sented their accounts; the general account showing a small balance in hand, and the choir fund £6 12e. 6d. The following officers were elected.:—Mr. 0. W. Willett, vicar's warden; G. Blackshaw, people's warden; sides.men, Mr. Isaac Broady and Mr. Herbert Brockle- hurst ; lay representatives, Mr. Chorley and Mr. 0. W. Willett.—A hearty vote of thanks was passed to the church officials, organist, choir, sexton and others for their past services.—The Vicar alluded to the great loss the church and schools had suffered by the death of Mr. C. T. Whitley. A vote of condolence was passed in silence to the family in their sad bereavernent.—The Easter offerings which amounted to £lO 12s. 6d. were presented to the Vicar.---A hearty vote of thanks having been accorded to the Vicar for presiding, con- cluded a very agreeable meeting.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
Penketh and Sankey.

PENKETH TANNERY PRIZE BRASS BAND.—Great cre.dit is due to the local band for the winning of two prizes this Easter. They journeyed to Westboughton on Saturday to take part in a contest which was held on the gala field there. There were 21 bands- competing, and the Penketh bind was awarded second prize, Stacksteads being first. Mr. W. Adamson acted as judge. On Monday the Ravenhead brass band contest found the Penketh band in grand form. 'the judge, Mr. T. Allsop, awarded them first pr:ze. J. A. Greenwood conducted in bath contests. The contest piece each day was "Andromeda" quadrilh s (W.R.) HEATH ROAD BOWLING GREEN.—This club opened the season on Easter Monday .when the members turned up in good numbers and enjoyed the popular genre. Notwithstanding the heavy rainfall in the fore- noon the condition of the green proved. satisfactory. About five o'clock the company sat down to a knife and fork tea which was ably served ps the Pavilion by Miss Booth and other lady friends under the super- vision of the Secretary, Mr. E. Diggory. Ike tea was 'rienerasly provided by the worthy president, Mr. James Dodds. At the conclusion of the repast votes of thanks were given to the President for his able assistance and donations to the club, and also to the Secretary for his untiring services. The members' competition mains commence shortly, and, given fine weather, some good games are anticipated. The green is nolvin splendid order and should afford the trundlers great pleasure. ST. MARY'S CHURCIL—The annual vestry meeting was hold on Thursday evening. The Rev. J. R. Jones presiding. There were present :—Messrs. H. Fairclough, Woods, P. hill, William Taylor, E. Dumbell, Garnett, J. Ray, and Gilbert.—The accounts showed that the receipts were £252 4s. 9d. which included, general offertories £123 13s Penketh Tanning Co. £lO, and hire of Sunday schools £l3 17s. The expenditure was £247 fts. 6d. leaving a balance in band of £5 2s. 3d. The expenditure included special offertories £l5 13s. 11d., parochial trip £l9 133. 3d.—The accounts were passed. The Vicar nominated Mr. H. Fairclough as his warden for the ensuing year.—On the proposition of Mr. Dumbell, seconded by Mr. 11. Griffiths, Mr. Woods was elected people's warden.—Mr. Faircloueh nominated Mr. Peter Hill as his siclesman, and Mr. Woods nomin- ated Mr. James Ray, jun.—Tbe following additional sidesmen were appointed :—Messrs. George Clarke, d. B. Aitken, J. /lay, W. Taylor, B;ngham, T. Owen, Millington, D. Howard, Kilsha‘v, Griffith; Garnett, liertland and E. Dtuabell.—Mr. George Clarke was re-elected auditor.—Mr. J. B. Aitken an Mr. Giibert were appointed lay representatives.—The Vicar moved a vote of thanks to the wardens, sidesmen, auditor, Sunday school teachers, organist, choirs of Sankey and Penketb, Band of Hope, teachers bank committee and all church worLers. Ho thanked them all for the work they had FO willingly done —A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Miss Bolton for altar cloth, Mr. Millington for notice board at Penketh, Mr. B. Dignum for stained glass windows, and the Peuketh Tannery Company for their monetary gift.—A vote of thanks was accorded to the Rev. J. R. Jones for presiding.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
Lymm.

A SMART CAPTURE.—Three Irish labourers, named Batty Killorne, Harry Hunt and James Flynn, employed at Warburton' appeared before Messrs. A. Watkin and S. W. Gould at the Lymm Police Court on Monday to answer the charge of stealing five ducks find a drake of the value of 305., the property of Edward Clarke, Moss Brown Farm Warburton.—P.O. 'ditch stated that on receiving information of the robbery on the morning of the 12th inst. be went to prosecutor's farm and made an examination of the premises. He trated blood from the fowl cote to the door of the Irishm-in's " thanty," the door of which was locked. He was convinced that whoever had committed the robbery bad been in the shanty after doing so. He get Mr. Clarke to force the door open. and cn looking under the bed found the dead ducks now produced. Witness continued his inquiries and satidied himself that the Irishmen had committed the theft. The prisoners weae consequently arrested.—Killorne and Hunt were sent to gaol for six weeks with hard labour, and Flynn for a month.—At the conclusion of the case, the prosecutor said he wished to compliment P.C. Hilditch on the smartness he had displayed in capturing the prisoners.—The justices concurred and said they thought the officer had done well.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
WEDDING OF MR. J. L. STELFOX

The marriage was solemnized at St. Edithas' Church, Tamworth, on Wednesday, of . Mr. John L. Stelfox, of Walden Court, Newent, Gloucester, son of the late Mr. Henry T. Stelfox, of Lymm, and Miss Marion Gladys Lamb, daughter of Mr. J. Lamb, of Tamworth, and great niece of the late -General Sir John McLean, Bart., London. The bridegroom, who practises as an accountant in Oxford-streets Manchester, is well known in Lancashire and Cheshire, and particularly at Lymm, where he was at one time lion. secretary to the local Liberal Association, and took an active part in mission work in connection with the Lymm Parish Church. The bride has gained general esteem as an assistant schoolmistress at the Kettlebrook Council School. Great interest was taken in the wedding, and as the weather was all that could be desired, a large congregation assembled. The guests included friends and relatives of the bride and bridegroom who had come long distances fromvarious parts of the country. The Rev. Courtenay Clarke officiated. Mr. Rose was at the organ and played choice selections including " Nuptial March " (Guilinant). "Bridal March from " Lobengrin " (Wagner), and " Wedding March " (illendelsaohn). The bride, who was given away by her father, was attired in a Directoire gown of cream silk crepe de chine over silk, with panel:of gold lace • embroidery, and wore a 'Honiton lace veil over a spray of real orange blossom and white heather. Her ornament was a peridot and pearl necklet, the gift of the bride- groom-, and she carried a shower bouquet of orchids, white carnations, lillies of the valley and white roses. The bridesmaids were the Misses Lilian, Ivy, Vera,and Gwendoline Lainb,sisters of the bride,and Miss Denny Stelfox, niece of the bridegroom. The costume of Miss Lamb, who attended her sister as chief,- was .a gown of pale mauve silk trimmed amethyst, with flower hat of lilac. The four other bridesmaids were attired in Empire gowns of white muslin, with mauve sashes and Leghorn hats with ostrich 'feathers and all carried bouquets of_orchids, white carnations, lilies of the valley, and white roses. The two younger brides- maids carried lovely baskets of flowers besides shower bouquet similar to the bride's. Miss Lamb wore a handsome gold curb bra cele t,and four other bridesmaids pearl pendants,the gifts of the bridegroom. The best man was Mr. Michael Wilson Frowde, of Malvern. After the ceremony a reception was held, and the guests enter- tained at Cliffe Villa. The happy pair left for Lon- don, en route for Paris, Switzerland and Italy. The bride's travelling dress consisted of Directoire cos- twine of navy blue Sedan clath, trimmed with black silk braid, and black Gainsborough. hat, with ostrich plumes. The list of presents which were most numerous and costly, included a lovely silver fitted dressing bag, the gift of the bridegroom to the bride. The children at Kettleworth school are to be enter- tained by the bridegroom next Thusrday. . Stockton Heath. PARISH COUNCIL AIEETING.

The anr.ual rneeting of the Stockton Heath Parish Council was held in the Hall Cafb on Thursday evening. There were present: Messrs. IT. J. Westbrook, T. R. Westbrook, J. Hallows, J. MacDerraid, P. Pearson,' O. .1. Broan,W. Ma Intyre,A. Mynekyne and E. Bradshaw, (clerk.) •

===== 0002601_19090417_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
APPOTNTM ENT OF CHA I RM AN.

Mr. Pearson moved th tt"Mr. H. J. Westbrook be appointed chairman for the ensuing year. During the post year he h tcl occupied the chair with so much ability and tact, that he was just the man for the work. lie thought they should be doing right in re-appointing him. _ „ _

Mr. Hallows seconded' and this was carried unani- mously. Mr. Westbrook in rovending said ho wag much obliged for the honour conferred upon him, and more for wh,t the honour indicated, namely :—that they had got confidence in him. He should be very cargul this Near, because all of them would have to face the electors next March. Mr. Hallows: And some of us may have to march. (Laughter.) The Chairman: .1 hope it won't be "tho dead march."

OVERSEERS,

Mr. Brown moved that the retiring overseers, Messrs. Whitley, Warburton and Pearson be re-appointed over- seers a.nd that they be thanked for their services. Mr. Westbrook secontled and this was carried. . The Clerk said that the. balance last year was £5 13s. 3d., and.the overseers lad paid into the account £5. The expenditure had been -05 18:3.. 7d. and the balance now in hand was £.4 143. Bd. _ _ _ . -

_ On.the proposition of Mr. Brown secorded by Mr. Pearson the accounts were adopted.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
The Examiner, Saturday, April 17, 1909.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
SALARY FOR A. SPECIAL RATE.

Mr. Hallows moved that £8 be the sam voted for the collecting of a special rate. .Mr. Mclntyre seconded. NEWSPAPER SELLING.

Mr. T. R. Westbrook said that the newspaper selling on a Saturday night was becoming a perfect pest. The noise the boys made from 6.30 .to 8 o'clock wa3 awful, and something ought to be done to stop it. Mr. Hallows: Isn't it an oftence. 'I he Council were not aware that it was.

It was decided that the Clerk see the sergeant of police about the matter.

SWING BRIDGE.

Mr. Brown sAid the footpaths of the sling bridge were in an awful coLdition when it was wet. There had been a suggestion that the boards should be sloped for the a tiler to run off. That could be done with very little trouble. _ _ . _

The Clerk observed that Mr. Waring had said he would give it his attention. Mr. Brown: Have the County Council no authority to deal with the matter.

The Clerk: I think so, and be added that a resolu- tion bad been paszed in December 1908 to the effect that something should be done towards obviating the lodging of the water. Mr. Brown moved that the following resolution be sent to the Manchester Ship Canal Co.:"Whileadmitting an improvement to some extent in the conditkn of the footpaths of the Swing Bridge the Council still thinks its condition in wet weather is not as it should be, and that same further improvement shoutd be made to obviate the lodging of the water on the footpaths." This was agreed to.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
IN CASE OF FIEF.

Mr. Brown .said the appliance for tire was not adequate for the village in case of fire. They were also quite in the dark as to the men were worked the apparatus. Mr. Mynekyme moved that the matter be referred to the Fire Committee, also adding that there was a general feeling on the Council that the men should be paid for the wutk. Mr. Hallows seconded. TREE-PLANTING.

The Chiirmen said that the Clerk bad written a letter to the Local Government Board privately asking how he should deal with the request that be thought might be made to him from the Tree-planting Society, as to taking over the trees. They replied to. him and the Clerk of the District Council, as they thought he had written through his official position. The Chairmen's advice was that they left the matter alone and waited until the request was trade. The Clerk. said the Parish Council could not take' them over. _ _

_ The Chairman observed that when the request was made they would have to refer it to the Parochial Committee.

MR. INIYNEKYME'S RETURN.

The Chairman said they wera all pleased to S3O Mr. Mynykyme back again and looking well, after his severe illness. _ _ _

Mynekyme thanked the Chairman for the kind words uttered and said he was gleld to be amongst them again.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

MOTHER-IN-LAW'S LOSSES.

At Widnes, on Monday, before the Mayor (Mr. T. Smith), a middle-aged man named Charles Maitland, Cholmondeley-street, was charged with stealing £3, the property of his mother-in-law. From the evidence, it appears that Mrs. Johnson placed the money in a chest of drawers, and her daughter (Mrs. Maitland paid daily visits to see tbat the money was safe. On April sth the money was missed and the prisoner left bore. He was arrested on West Bank Duck on Sunday. Only 23. gas recovered. He said he bad spent the money in Warrington and Manchester. A remand was granted.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL DISTRICT COUNCIL.

The fortnightly meeting of the above Council was held in Dutton Workhouse, on Tuesday, Mr. G. Pilling presided and there were also present :—Messrs. T. Baxter, J. Spruce, T. Wright, S. Woodwood, J. B. Chadwick, C. E. Linakar, C. E. Linaker, jun., P. Booth, P. Collins, NV. M. Morris, J. Mynekyme H. M. Talbot, G. Egerton Warburton, I'. Guest, J.H. Davies, T. Wood, J. Hallows, li.Nixon, G. F. Ashton (clerk), W. B. Hough (deputy clerk), J. Swinton and NV. Diggle (surveyors), and J. Farrington (inspector of nuisances).

A FRODSHAM REQUEST. The Clerk read resolutions from the annual meeting .of the ratepayers of Frodsbam Lordship asking for the removal of a depot for the storage of road materials on the large part of the Manley-rcad, and for an improve- ment of the condition for Back-lane.—The motion was referred to the I3ighwa3s Committee.

ISOLATION HOSPITAL.

The Clerk reported that the Isolation Hospital Com- mittee interviewed three of the applicants for the posi- Con of matron of the Isolation Hospital, and recom- mended the appointment of Miss B. Wolfenden at the salary of SAO per annum, with rations, washing, etc., at the hospital. Mr. Woodward stated tint the Committee had no hesitation in appointing Miss I%7d:cadet), she appeared to have good ideas of hospital management. The minutes were approved.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
WESTON AFFAIRS.

The minutes of the Weston Parecbial Committee stated that the Clerk reported that he had received an intimation from the Manchester Ship Canal Company that, provided the Council did require the canal bridge in Post Office-lane widened to the utmost limit of the bridge the ComPany would be prepared to assist both in the work of widening and the future maintenunce of the bridges and fences. It was also reported that the Weaver Navigation Trustees contemplated certain alterations at the bottom end of Post Office-lane which might materially affect the Council's proposals in eencection with the road. It was resolved that the elerit endeavour to asc(-rtain whether the Weaver Navigation Trustees have any, and if so, what alterations are in cratemplation, and that he report the reply at the next, meeting. The silt-committee appointed at the last meeting repel ted that they were not yet prepared with their recommendations for sewering Sandy-lane. That they were of opinion that the portion of Post Office-lane which lies on the East of South-road, passage leading therefrom in a northerly direction and the passage leading out of the last mentioned passage in an easterly direction, should all be made under the provisicns of the Private Streets Works Act, 1892. The minutes were confirmed. • _ INFECTIOUS DISEASES.

Dr. Adams reported the following rases of infectious &senses :—Scatlet Fever, Stockton Heath 2, Frodsbarn 2_, Moore 1; Diphtheria. Frodsham 1; Typhoid Fever, Stretton 1.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
BUILDING MATTERS.

The Clerk read a letter from Messrs. John White and Co., Bold-street, Warrington, saying :—" We are think- ing of building a pair of cottages close to the keeper's cottage near Whitebouse Farm, at the top of the hill (near Preston Brook School'. We shall be glad to know hether it will be possible, and if so, on what terms,for the water main to be carried from Manor House Farm as far as the keeper's cottage to supply the three houses." It was stated that the distance it the main was carried would be about 200 yards. It was resolved that the Clerk write Messrs. White saying that the Council would supply the water if they Would bear the cost of laying the main.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
VOTES OF THANKS.

Mr. Linaker in proposing a vote of thanks to Mr. G. Pilling for his services in the chair during the past 3 years, said Mr. Pilling was a very efficient chairman and one who was not in the habit of making long speeches. When he was presiding the meetings wore very short but the work was &iv; ays gone through. 'The motion was passed with unaniu.ity. Mr. Pilling in replying said he was pleasel they were satisfied with the management of the council, and he was amply rrvaid by that. Mr. Woodard then moved a vote of thanks to Mr. Wright (rice-chairman). In replying Mr. Wright said that Mr. Pill7ng had attended regularly, that he had left him (Mr. Wright) Lardly any work to eo.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

_ The fortnightly meeting of tic above Board was held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday, Mr. T. Baxter presiding. There was also present :—Messrs. T. Spruce, T. Weght, S, Woodward, J. B. Chadwick, C.• L. Linaker, P. Ball, C. L. Linaker jun., P. Collins, W. M. Morris, .1. M;vnekyrne,.H. M. Thlbot, G. Gorton War-. button, G. Pilling, T. Guest. J. it. Davies, T. Wood. .1, Halton, J. R. . F. Ashton (clerk) W. E. Hough. (deputy clerk), T. Nixon,dook. J. Pt arson and W. R. de Prez (relieving offi:er), and T. D. Rollioson (master). _

LAND VALUES.

The Clerk read tire— following resolution which the Poplar Board of Guardiars had forwarded with a requeit to the Board to pass a similar rosoltitien " that this Board calls ths attet,tion of the Government to the alarming find continual rise in the rates of Poplar especially those connected with the educa- tional services coupled with an increasing demand for adequate provision for the sick, the aged, and infirm, fatherless and other children for this district who exceed SO per cent. of the total recipients for relief and urgently requests that provision may bo made in the fot thcoming budget for a substantial tax on land value,, both occupied and unoccupied, such tax to be used for the purpose of lightening the burden of the rates by providing out of the national funds for the necessary provision for the needs of aged and infirm and further requests that measures be also taken to secure the valuation and taxation of land 'values in such a maximum that the great landlords of this aid other districts be compelled to bear tbeir share of the cost of those public improvements which now so largely and continually increase their needs." Mr. Linaker said he was not quite in favour with the resolutions considering the nations increasing expendi- ture. He ihoeght people should le a little more care- folio the spending of public money. Regarding the taxing of land values Mr. Linaker raid the Government would be very stupid if they pawed it as it would only greatly increase the number of unemployed. It was unanimously agreed that the letter lie on the table.

THE HOUSE COMMITTEE. Mr. Spruce reported that they had to thank Mr. Duckey of Runcorn for the gift of oranges to the children of the House. It had also been recommended by the Com- mittee that owing t o the good work dune by the

1,.2,003 TO BE GIVEN AWAY.

SEND NO MONEY.

SPECIAL OFFER to READERS of this Paper.

THERE is no Trickery or Catch about this offer. We are giving this money sway in the most straight- forward manner solely as an advertisement. Send us your name and address. Every patron will receive a pt ize, Tou will be amazed. By enclosing a penny stamp i an answer by return is guaranteed, but this s no condi- tion whatever of this offer.

ADDRESS : ARNOLD WHITE & CO., 15, NEW ST., BISHOPOATE, LONDON, E.C.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
Master and Matron of the House it had been decided to increase the salaries of both by £l5 and £5 respectively. While the master had been at the House the expendi- ture had considerable decreased. The expenditure of the engine house had been decreased by 245. per week. There was also vast improvements about the House. It was decided that when the master was engaged at the House that if satisfactory,his salary would be increased, so it was resolved to repay the master and matron for their labour in the farm of increased salary. • Mr. Morris stated that it was his intention of moving a motion of increasing tile master's salary by .£l5 and the matron by £5. Why not defer the motion until the following week, when their merits or demerits could be discussed. There was no amendment, and Mr. Spruce's motion was passed. NUMBER OF INMATES._

Mr. Spruce reported that there were 185 inmates in the House as compared with IGB the corresponding month last year. There had been 92 vagrants relieved as compared with 69 the con esponding week a par age. MEMBER'S ATTENDANCES.

The Clerk submitted the following attendances of the Board during the past year :—C. Roy lance, 13; Green- way, 1; J. Balsbaw, 16; E. Britcb, 16; A. H. Talbot, 5; P. Monnfield, ; G. Egerton Warburton, 23; J. Stokes, 10; J. Whitlow, 5; A. Broome, 10; I% Baxter, 23 ; P. Booth, 22; C. E. Linaker, 17; J. H. Davies, 25; L. Bolton, to; T. Wright, 25; 3. Mawdsley, 13; A. G. Guest, 7 ; S. Woodward, 23; Harrison, ]6; G. Pilling, ft 3 ; S. Horton„sen., 4; J. L. Jones, IS; E. Bretherton, 14 • C. Horten, 13; J. Watson, 13; T. Antwis, 17; A. R. Norman, 20; Renshaw, 9; J. Hallow, 21; J. Mynekyme, 15; Winstanley, 9; C. E. Linaker,inn., 19; J. P.Jones Parry, 9; Wei r,6 ; Turner, 5; J. B. Chadwick, 15; A. Haining, 17; Nixon, 14; J. Spruce, 24 ; S. Taylor, 7; W. M. Morris, 16: Collins,l6; Wood, 12; Douglas, 10; J. W. Temperley, 6.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

ST. JOHN'S VESTRY MEETING.

The Easter vestry meeting at St. John's Church, Earlestown, was held on Monday, the Vicar (the Rev. T. R. Matthews) presiding.—Dr. Mouncey read the accounts for the past year. He said the period under review was started with a credit balance of £32 9s. 2d. The offertories realized £95, the special collections £75, for the new screen £26, donations £24 10s. (of which the sum of £2O was from Messrs. Greenall, W hitley and Co.). The Mis.sien Hall raised £l2B is. Gd. There was a balance in hand of £3l2s. Bd. The cnracy fund showed a balance in hand of £6 is. 19d. Dr. Mouncey said they had a very small balance at the bank—£3 12s. Bd. It was necessary that some effort should be made to raise money to carry on the work. They had a large amount to meet on the Ist May and there were a few outstand- ing bills, it. hid been suggested that the foothill dub should give them the grrte money at a match, or a donation, and that a cricket match should be arranged. Then by the early autumn they would le obliged to have a sale of work, as they could not go on without it.. —On the motion of Mr. Boardman, seconded by Mr. T. E. Greening, the accounts were passed.—Mr. T. Molyneux moved that Mr. George Dale be people's warden.—The motion 'was agreed to. The people's sidesnaen were nominated as follows: Messrs. J. Itylance, jun., W. Welsh, T. E. Greening, Hemmings, Richards, and Porter.—The Vioar again appointed Dr. Mouncey as his warden and named the following as sidesmen : Messrs. J. Boardman, C. J. Dean, T. Molyneux, T. Hardman Slinn, Taylor and T. A. Pimblett.—Mr. T. E. Greening moved, and Mr. T. Hardnaan seconded, that a voluntary rate of 2d. in the £ be levied, and this was agreed to, though Dr. Mouncey commented on the uselessness of it, as they get nothing , from it.—Dr. Mouncey and Mr. T. Molyneux were I appointed lay representatives.—The Vicar thanked the nardens, sidesmen, choirs, and organist., rte., at the Church and Mission Hall, who had fulfilled their duties faithfully and well.—Thrinks were also tendered to Messrs. Boardman and Dem for clerical work.

MR. SEDDON AND SHOP ASSISTANTS' GRIEVANCES.

At the annual conference of the Shop Assistants' Union at Birmingham on Mond ty, the delegates con- sidered in camera for over two hours the question of the prospective shop hours legislation. The following resolution arrived at by the Conference was afterwArds communicated :—"--That this Conference reaffirms its previous cpinion that the promised legislation for the regulation of shop hours should include the policy of the limitation of hours of all assistants to sixty hours per week, inclusive of meal times of one and a half hours per day ; no day in the week to exceed twelve hours together, with the principle of the compulsory clos7ng of all shops at stated hours ; ar.d that the principle of local option be acknowledged as the desir- able feature."

Air. J. A. Seddon, M.P., said he thought it was not egotistic to claim that they had been able to force the hand ,of the. Government and they mked them in the resolution to adhere to the sacred uromise that was made to carry out the intentions of that organisation. They had a just claim upon Parliaa ent in the present session, notwithstanding the convsted state of public business and the scares and alarms that were agitating the public mind. The granting of the moderate demand they were making would not jeopardise the convenience of the public. The public, the traders, and the assistants would all be benefited by the Govern- ment giving expression in an Act of Parliament to the promise they made a year ago. He hoped the delegates would make it their business to at once present to their Parliamentary representatives the ultimatum from the Union, and if their members of Parliament were not prepared to assist in this moderate denand the mem- bers of the Union were prepared to put in motion the machinery at their disposal. (Applause). Mr. Maclean (London) moved a resolution declaring that no legislation on the livincib•in system will be satisfactory to shop workers whieh does not propose the abolition of a demoraising cloister system which deprives adults of the rights of home, msnhood, and citizenship, and calling upon the Government to introdnce legislation based on the minority report. This was seconded on behalf of the Toxteth Baanch.

Emphasis was laid on the moral contamination involved in the system and on the overcrowding and unhealthy surroundings. Seirne speakers stated that unsound food was some- times provided, and it was a practice of some employers tomb their assistants of proper meal times. The resolution was unanimously carried. On a resolution by Mr. 'Williams (Pontepridd) that the union, having takeb over the responsibility of Mr. Seddon's parliamentary candidature, the whole of his salary shoeld be paid through the Central Office. Mr. Dermal] said he had received an intimation from the Labour party that they paid is salary of 2200 to etch Member of Parliament v%ho endorsed tle-ir pro- gramme and became a member of their efoup, and there as no probability of their assenting to Any indirect payment. The resolution fell through. Mr. Graft .n (Chesterfield) submitted a resoled-ion protesting against any form of compulsory enlistment ,for the Territorial Forces, and strongly condemning the action of firms and companies who make such enlist- ment a condition of obtaining employment. Mr. Seddon, M.P., asked delegates to apprise him of any endeavour en the part of employers to take any unfair advantage in this matter. He was convinced, he said, that employers wauld think twice before they pur- sued a dastardly policy of trying to beet military honours at the expense of the shop assistant. , The resolution was carried, and the remainder of the business vies chiefly of internal interest.

GREAT GERMAN RHEUMATIC CURE. DR. HOFFMAN'S Celebrated Rbetunitie Powders act like a miracle. One all foims of Ilheumat'sm. Price Is. lid. post free. International Chemical Co., 324 Caledonian rd., London.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
Reckon it up

How much does washing day cost you? Reckon ,it up : washerwoman, her meals, your meals, coal, soap, soda, powder, wear and tear on the clothes. It's a pretty long bill.

Now reckon up the Fels-Naptha way: Fels-Naptha and cold water. That's all. Don't even reckon your own meals, because if you start washing after breakfast you will be finished before dinner.

This is the way : Soap the clothes, roll them up singly, lay them in the water, soak half an hour, rub lightly, rinse well, and they are ready for the line. If you are satisfied, it will have cost you a few coppers. If you are not, your grocer will give you your money back. So there!

Silks

Use warm or cold water ; not hot. Soak and rinse; don't Fels- Naptna rub or wring. Iron when quite dry under a damp cloth. That's The soap with a Way of its own. all! U.%

r N 1 1

W-OM-d

PUBLIC OPINION on really insign. ' the community ',orld are more is partic- of expe- ,l true 'MC

is generally sane and trustworthy. It is only on really insignifi- cant and unimportant matters that the sense of the community is ever at fault. The sentiments and opinions of the world are more likely to be right than those of the isolated critic. This is partic- ularly true of such matters as must be decided by the test of expe- rience. What the majority have proved in practice to be true ought to weigh with us as an established fact. Now if there is one question more than another on which public opinion is unanimous it is that tile excellence of BEECHAM'S PILLS as a family medi- cine is unsurpassed. Their universal popularity has very suitably been expressed in the world-famed expression

B ....; i , EC 1 pi ..,::.. 1 ._ ... .., I ARE WORTH A GuiNEA A Box. I Prepared only by THOMAS BEECHAM, Si. Helens, Lancashire. Sold everyn•here In boxes, price 111 i (56 pills) et 219 (168 pills). 4

ARE YOU SATISFIED To suffer w;th your eyes after a spell of Fteading, Needlework, kc.. which c,u.cs yon to have .evere Headache, N,undsr4a, Inditrestion,,tc • &c, We cm

relicvA y.,tl .11,8 t•onblq WITH YOUR EYES Send P.C. rit ntim for T mr.iculars or n.,r ' Sight TPstincril Pnst.' tri7l uivei,ii ihe ben.fit of our '25 ve-ere experience. Teqimonials received &lila. Addross HAWES. °PTV"! kN. ARRI NIA. T•nsiDolt.

Counsel The purchase of the Coffee thaT always pleases fan-lily or Guests a 9 44,-;1;111rt g gte I e

MERRYWEATHER ON

Ken

INSTAN RELIEF, RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by EADE'S PILLS.

APPROVED BY DOCTORS ! ! Durham Villa, Park-road, Ilythe, Kent, June 12th, 1908. Dear Sir,—For the pat years I have been troubTed with Gout in my right big too joint, and suffered great pain until I was told of your Gout Pills by a friend of mine, and determined to try them. But I cannot allow this opportunity to pass without writing you to express my admiration at their quick and efficient treatment, and I SHALL NEVER BE WITHOUT

lam a dispenser of 31 years' standing and in all my dispensing these many years I havefailed to find anything do me good so quickly. The senior partner of my firm of doctors, I may say,approves of them. You are at liberty (fully), to make any use you like of this letter. • Yours faithfully, EDWARD D. CULL, Dispenser. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in bottle is. 10. and 2s. 9d. or sent post free for stamps or P.O.by the proprietor, ,GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road London.

EUMATIC PILLS.

THE NEW FRENCH REMEDY. THERAPlONTlOssuccessfulpo- pular remedy. used in continental Hospital; by Ricord, RostanjobertArelp- eau & others, surpasses everything hitherto employed for impurityriblood,spots,blotches,pain & swellingof3oints, kidney, bladder & urinary diseases, stricture, dischartes, piles, gravel, painsinback, gout,rheumatism ,exhauston, sleeplessness, &c. Three forms, Nos. 1,2 &3, according to diseases. Price 2/9 (particulars itt. stamp) post free in Great Britain from The Le Clerc Medicine Co, Haver. stock Road.Hanwstead. Lo.don,& principal Chemists.

WATER SUPPLY & FIRE PROTECTION OF County Mansions; Experts sent to an parts to Report on Existing Arrangements. Write for:Pamphlets Merryweather & Sons 63, LONG ACRE, LONDON, W. C. •

HOW TO LOOK TWENTY YEARS YOUNGER IN A FEW DAYS. The greatest diseoTery of modern times. Simple, - ratnral, and pleasant trentment. A pp I y SEC., Eroznlay Hydro,.l3rorn I e

4C;,..4 • ---,3-.. 7::'-' - - ;' - - s.•;-. . 4;.: ''.: '.:.4nSl::' * -..i TINS ,0141 3d. 6d. Is. -, ~-. ~..iA-';;.- - New Size '4" ,v. 11 . Ar. ' i• ' if • ' °' ' 1 '% FLEA-nt , BUGS ' . ~.,. ..6,,,,..i....,- BEETLES. . • - ~ .. - k, -,,,- ~:,. ; ~--,,,,,,• , MOT! , .:,.. • .... (in Blankets, eatz.-k-i. '..,(,:,-- -1.`".1 • Furs, etc . - .: 7g.,:iff:V.: "-.4-''.------,„ ..._ • --4.04.-~,,- .:44:,....,...:-..w.-,:.,, • 14:25:223M06 ..,J . ‹. t 4.1 -7::

.5 „.. ~.7, ....- ~ ,ffee ~,, • .....t. ~... ~.., 1:- .-F.,,,,. fru ....., A . ... ' ~.„• ...., . , ..., "'f`j•V'3' lii.--, .4"•-:?!.:ZO:f!:%":3;1 '.441.:-..^41 Richly rtzsran - ....w.,..,4 / ~,:.„-L'W"-,.%,. .... P (.r e & .7. -....---,- - , -,'• 1 r '.. ": -. .. I nvigoratin

===== 0002601_19090417_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
• - 4•7 r" ;"; ILEIRShziN: .710.: T. KENT AND SON. - 70. DEANSQATE (opposire Barton Arcade) MANCHESTER. KENT'S RINGS are unsurpassed for quality of gems and-ptrfeetion of workmanship. Kent's mount their own kings—there are na intermediate profits' Vv rite for 11.1.115TRATED BOOKLET of .PRICIES and full particalars. Telephone 8.715,

===== 0002601_19090417_art0138.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10

===== 0002601_19090417_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
B. CUNNIgGHAII, 89, WIN WICK RD., WARRINGTON (Telephone 17). BREWER'S AGENT AND BOTTLER OF Guinntss's Stout, Bass's Pale Ale, Bass's No. 1 Strong Ale. Worthington's and Allsopp's Ales. Devonshire and Hereford Cider. Wheatley's and Mack's Hop Bitters. ..Allsopp's and Jeffrey's LAGER BEER IN BOTTLE. ALSO MANUFACTURERS OF HIGH-CLASS MINERAL WATERS.

JAKE

GRAHAM FOR

GRAMOPHONES AND

.4/P .49NopArus. f it?

Tel. 562 c R

GEDDES'S 1 DANDELION COFFEE. THE BEST AND CHEAPEST EVER OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS AND DRUGGISTS IN CANISTERS 5D., 10D., AND Is. BD. EACH. WHOLESALE BY J. GiDDES & SON, LTD., WARRINGTON.

ROBERT LEWIS, THE OLDE FOX, BUTTERMAKET STREET, WARRINGTON: ANTIQUE FURNITURE AND CURIOS BOUGHT, SOLD, OR EXCHANGED. BEST PRICE GIVEN.

A SURE REMEDY FOR SMOKY CHIMNEYS. THE

PEERLESS CHIMNEY POT. FROM ARTHUR MOUNFIELD, TEL. 69.

BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, DUTTON STREET, WARRINGTON.

In Red or Silt-glazed Finish, l3a. 6d. Prices Quoted for Fixing. Illustrated Leaflet on Application.

S" SOON FOR SUCCESS.

EXHIBITION GOLD MEDAL

DWARF EVERGREEN LAWN GRASS SEEDS.

NEW SEEDS OF THE HIGHEST GERMINATION. • , Totally Free from Weeds 11- per lb., 20/- per Bushel of 2llbs. •

Eipecial Preslriptions for Golf Links, Cricket Fields, Polo Grounds, and for shady, sandy, or peaty soils, on the very best terms for reliable seeds. Carriage Frce.

ROBT. ps KER

CENTRAL SEED WAREHOUSE, BASNETT STREET, LIVERPOOL

Telephone 3066 Royal.

Lists free.

TEFT-OFF CLOTHThrG, &c., BOUGHT.—BEST j PRICE for parcels forwarded; if not approved Goods Returned, CARRIAGE PAID. Second-hand DRESS SUITS, MILITARY, THEATRICAL, BAND UNIFORMS, LIVERIES, ARMY TENTS, Sale or Hire. GENT'S MISFIT SUITS, at THIRD COST PRICE. LADIES'. EVENIN G DRESSES,COSUMES,BLOUSES GENT'S FUR-LINED and FROCK COATS. PORTMANTEAUS, Scc., 2nd-hand. Very low prices. ARMY, TROUSERS, SHIRTS, BLUCHERS, WELL- INGTON S,CA RDIGANS, 0 IL SKINS, POLICE CAPES GORMAN'S, 325, 328, and 310, Deansgate, Manchester. Established 50 Years. Telephone No. 413.

SANITARY ALTERATIONS

P MOONEY & CO., CONTRACTORS FOR PLUMBING, DRAINING, CONCRETE, FLAGGING, AND BRICKWORK. LOWEST PRICE FOR GOOD WORK.

20, WARWICK ST., LEVER ST., MANCHESTER. Tel. : 3679.

A CHOICE CIGARETTE.

SUDLOW'S SPECIAL SILK CUT CIGARETTES. Guaranteed Hand-made from Pare Virginian Tobacco, Bd. per oz., 2s. 6d: per ilb. box. T. sup Low a k.)

CIGAR MERCHANTS, 15, WINWICK ST.,_ AND 65,BUT1'ERMARKET ST.,

WARRINGTON.

Tel. 414 Y.

Education.

DRAWING TAUGHT BY POST.—Moderate Terms, including Materials.—J. CHARTER, Osmonville, Welling, Kent.

SOUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL. AN IDEAL SCHOOL FOR BOYS.—For Booklet and terms, apply to HEADMASTER.

SOUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL—AN IDEAL SCHOOL FOR BOYS. Languages, Science, and Commercial Subjects Swimming, Gymnastics, Cadet Company. Staff includes 8.A.:1%1.50., F.C.V., Ofilcier d' Academie, &c. Foreign pupils received. Prospectus from HEADMASTER.

THE PRIORY SCHOOL. WARRINGTON. PRINCIPAL : MISS DRING L.L.A., A.C.P. ASSISTF:D by a qualiffecl staff including 8.A., and L.R.A.M. NEXT TERM COMMENCES MAY 11T11. PROSPECTUS ON APPLICATION.

MR. ERNEST WILKES, A.L.C.M., Professor of Music, Organist and Choirmaster of St. Paul's Church„ PIANO, ORGAN, THEORY, HARMONY COUNTERPOINT, MUSICAL FORM. Upwards of 100 Certificates and Prizes gained by Pupils. Large three. manual Organ for pupil's practice.--For terms apply, 134, LOVELY-LAITE and LEGH ST., Warrington.

MARPLE HIGH SCHOOL, CHESHIRE. Principals: The Misses RICHARDSON, High-class School for Girls and Young Boys; thorough education; pupils prepared for external examination if desired; special advantages offered in Musio and Modern Languages, Beautiful country situation. Bracing Air. Boarders received Now Term, January 19th.

BOTELER GRAMMAR SCHOOL, WAR- RINGTON.—The SUMMER TERM will COMMENCE on WEDNESDAY, 28th April. The HEAD MASTER will be pleased to INTER- VIEW PARENTS at the School on the 27th inst. between the hours of 11 and 1 ; 3 and 5. The Head Master will be pleased to send the SCHOOL PROSPECTUS to PARENTS on APPLICA- TION for the swim

VEBE B. D.AVIES, Law Clerk to the Governors.

GOVERNMENT SITUATIONS ARE WITHIN THE REACH OF • ALL YOUNG MEN BETWEEN 15 AND 22 YEARS OF AGE, AND OF ALL YOUNG LADIES BETWEEN 15 AND 20. An Examination in Hand- EVERYONE HAS AN writing, Composition, Arith- EQUAL CHANCE. ruetic, Geography, &c, has NO FAVOURITISM. to he.passed, but from 3to 6 months' study is sufficient , to ensure success. • EXCELLENT COMMENCING SALARY. Particulars in Civil Service Guide, Post Free from • the Secretary.

SKERRY'S COLLEGE, 5, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. Last Year the Total First Year's Salaries of Students who gained Situations by means of the College reached the large sum of £50,000.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS.

Authors of letters intended for publication must in all cases send their names and addresses to the Editor as a guarantee of good faith. - N.S.S. should only be written on one side of the paper. Letters will stand a much better chance of insertion if written briefly and to the point.

• ;1, ,! ett 11TOW to the ,14 . 114 - E ,„

===== 0002601_19090417_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. Howes and £5

Sir,—ln your issue of Saturday last you gave a cheap advertisement to Mr. Howes being in East Denbigh. Now, Sir, I also was in East Denbigh, and at a meeting used a quotation which- Mr. Howes said was a "lie," but he never attempted to prove it and in his usual bluff offered £5. This offer I accepted and promised to spend it in giving £1 each to five families who were in need. lam still waiting for Mr. Howes to prove the quotation to be a " lie " or hand over the £5 as it will be of some use to the families. _ _

He also gave men challenge to debate Tariff Reform. This I accepted and am still prepared to debate this question with him in Warrington or anywhere else.— Yours &c.,

J. ROYLE.

76, Broughton-road, Pendleton.

Play up Warrington! Sir,—When the safety of the country was in danger in 1798, 1859, 1899, 1902 this ancient and loyal Borough of Warrington was to the fore nd well to the fore in supplying men to do their part in defence of their country and when the field army brigades were formed from the Volunteers in 1901 the War- rington battalion was one of the first battalions chosen and was one of the four battalions in the 30th Field Army Brigade to take for several years to camp for 14 days 80 per cent. of its fully enrolled strength. While in that brigade it earned a reputation at,the War Office" Second to none." The battalion is now the 4th (Territorial) Battalion, South Lancashire Regiment and is alas one of the weakest, if not the weakest in point of numbers in the West Lancashire Division. Is this worthy of Warrington? Recruits of the right sort have come in in large numbers and a remnant (all honour to them) of "The old guard" of the Ist V.B. but where are the rest? _ _

_ The employers have played their part by doing all they can to make it easy for their men to respond to their couutry's call. Why are they hanging back'? Is it because they are smarting under the reduced grants for camp which their officers regret quite as much as they do and which they trust may, ere long, be rectified? Surely now, if ever, the only way to ensure Peace is to be so strong for" Defence " that no country would lightly dare to attack us. To those of "The Old Guard" who are not now members of the 4th Battalion I would say, "Your country is again in Danger !" For your Kin.-' and Country! For the sake of your old Battalion! For the honour of Warrington: Put your own private feelings on one side! Be true to yourselvcs. Play up! Play up! and play the game! Yours faithfully, F. M. APPLETON.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
Intemperance and Unemployment.

Sir,—Before closing this discussion I desire to urge upon Labor Omnia Vincit a phase of the question which has so far not.been'dealt with in this corres- pondence, and which I think our friend must have overlooked when he stated that "instead of temperance reducing unemployment it would increase it." The alcoholic consumption of working class families of five members varies according to different authorities from ss. to 6s. a week, no doubt it differs with locality and fluctuates with the-ebb and flow of trade, but taking the lower figure as safe we can roughly estimate that there is spent in intoxicants in Warrington each week £3,500 or £182,000 per annum. All will recognize that this consumption is by no means equally distributed. We have first a considerable number who take no intoxicants, prob- ably a still larger number who take these beverages in strict moderation, perhaps in the form of supper beer, whose expenditure may average two shillings a week. This requires that the remainder spend con- siderably in excess of the average ss. This is con- firmed by observation. There is Tom Jones who lives street, whose family earnings run to 355. a week, out of which 15s. and often more goes in liquor. Torn is a thirsty soul and by Thursday his 15s. is melted, and his thirst not assanged, so he borrows one or more shillings from a fellow workman at 25 per cent. interest and liquidates his debt next paytime by paying is. 3d. for every is. borrowed. I am not romancing, but speaking of what is going on in Warrington at the present :time. -Tom is a decent chap but his manhood is deteriorating, his pleasures are narrowed down to those of appetite, there is a declining consciousness of brain power and a splendid constitution is *being surely undermined. Torn has a wife and family and an apology for a home, and he is dragging all down with him. His four children are at " present assisting in presenting conundrums to the Education Medical Inspection Committee. What is to be done with Tom Jones who is spending the money in drink which ought to go to help to nourish, clothe, and cleanse these four under- fed, under-weight, and under-clothed children of an Empire on which the sun never sets, but on whose lives and homes the sun never seems to rise?

Now Tom does not stand alone, he is one, of many in Warrington, and this number goes to swell the number of which L.O.V. speaks of in the numbers from various authorities who give the-average of these who are living below- the poverty line and subsisting on food inferior to that given in the work- house. L.O.V. appears to • have for such cases but his one and only cure "the nationalization, &c.," by which Tom Jones is expected to have more money to spend in what? I have no wish to exaggerate and have not done so. I know well this is not the whole question, but I protest against its littlement by L.O.V. As long as there is so much excess, as long as so much is siitnt of the weekly earnings in a thing, which' for sustenance, ranks no higher than cabbages, withdrawing as it does money which ought to go to providing the necessaries of life ; this Ev,testion ought to receive the attention of every man even although he may have some plan of social reorganization of Society as his ultimate goal. But mg. purpose in this letter was rather to emphasize the effect of the general consumption Of drink on unemployment. Suppose that this £3500 spent weekly in Warrington were diverted from intoxicants-to the --satisfaction of many home wants. In furniture to make. homely many a bare room, in shoes to keep warm the feet of many little tots, in nourishing food to maintain the strength of bread- winners as well as bread eaters ; iu the one hundred and one things '' s that go to makrlire pleasant, children happy, and ames glad. What of the industrial effect of such a change ? If our friend while putting in time waiting for the Socialistic millennium were to visit the tradesmen in the town after such a change what a difference there would be, the trading increased 20 per cent., lines sold out, orders sent to manufacturers for replacement ; a stimulus given: to production, distri- bution, and consumption all along the line, and as a result a general call upon the present unemployed labour supply. I need not point out what is so generally known that the brewing trade is one of the lowest in the labour factor in proportion to the cost of the article produced. And after it is produced, gives an article in which there is about the least strength or sustenance of any food. I have no wish ,to try and shake our Mend's faith in his ultimate remedy, but I do want him to be fair to other ameliorative agencies. lam anxious that he, having evidently given earnest thought to these difficult problems and no doubt gained a position of leader amongst his fellows should recog- nise his responsibility and speak out in no uncertain vßty in regard to the economic effects of intemper- ance. With this I leave the subject._ •

The letters of Democrat and L.O.V. in last week's issue dealing chiefly with the far larger question which was not involved when the correspondence .began, I have neither space nor time to answer: • But this must not be interpreted as any disrespect for, or want of .appreciation of the many points they put so well. • I have to read a paper this -week at Oxford bearing on .the Subject, and I will send it to the Editor, and if he thinks the views conthined therein are of sufficient general interest, he will no doubt print it when he has room ; although to the ordinary reader I fear these economic ,discussions are dry reading. Still I have put a good deal of thought into this paper and I should value, the candid opinion of my thoughtful corres- pOndents who are evidently very, much interested in these questions. I deem such correspondence to be of great value,

_,TFt

especially so if all engaged in it are able to put aside all prejudice and be more concerned in seeking the truth than in scoring empty victories. CHARLES E. PARKER. Oxford, April 15th, 1909.

[We hope to be able to publish Mr. Parker's paper in our next issue.—ED. 'Ex." J

===== 0002601_19090417_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
Not Playing the Game !

Sir,—Surely we shall need to construe afresh our old friend" Faeilis decensus Averni." Shall we now translate this, " Easy are the illusions of Protection " —and surely one may add, " Swift the descent from fact and logic to make-believe and bare-faced clap- trap?" -My object in writing is to draw attention to one or two significant enough illustrations of this. I have just seen an extract from one of the latest Tariff Reform leaflets, in which, as the " Westminster Gazette " points out, the attempt is made to use the cry for additional battleships as a means of appealing to tbe unemployed. "The Government," says this precious leaflet, " knew that there were thousands of unemployed in this country. Did they hasten or increase our poor little [Naval] Programme? Not a bit of it. . . . . -Our Navy and our unemployed _ .

may both be starved together and soon will be-if you don't turn this Government out."

What are we to say about the people who write this sort of stuff, and—worse still—of the chiefs of the Tariff Reform agitation who sanction the circulation of such statements by the million? _ _ .

There is no saddei• problem that modern civilisation has to face than that of unemployment, a malady which In single remedy can by any possibility cure. There are many different ways in which we may be able to reduce this tragic evil to a minimum; but what are we to say of this pretence to unfortunate people suffer- ing from employment? If attempts to use and to dupe people in the country who have been suffering from this terrible evil Of unemployment are to be made by the deliberate and wholesale circulation of such reck- less misstatements then indeed it looks as if in the cominc, strugle not a few people in the country are prepared to throw scruple as well as fact to the winds in their efforts to mislead the more ignorant part of the democracy. It is only fair to remember that both Mr. Balfour and Mr. Long have dissociated themselves from the more extravagant and unscrupulou§ statements on the question of unemployment which have been made, and are still being made in this wholesale fashion through the country. On the Naval question also, in the letter which I had the privilege of addressing to you a few weeks since, I pointed out there was nothing jn the tone of Mr. Balfour's opening speech in the House of Commons to which exception need under the circum- stances be taken, even by those who differed from his conclusions on the matter. But now alas we find Mr. Balfour laying himself out to please Tariff Reformers by hitching their schemes for Protection on to•the generous and patriotic offer of a battleship—and in case of need of two battleships—made by New Zea- land. And so we have him asking last week whether we are going to accept " this immense boon without giving anything in return" ? I think it is very important to note the answer to this question given very promptly by Sir Joseph Ward-, the Premier of New Zealand, who speaking last Friday, said," New Zealand had not made her offer in the interests of Preference. or for commercial reasons, but simply to strengthen the Empire upon the seas." That is an admirably straightforward statement • and Sir Joseph went on to add, what is none the less significant, namely, that he" regretted that the offer had been used for party purposes in England." A rebuke from the Colonies which I submit was thoroughly well deserved. Yours etc., Hotel Belle Vue, Cannes, April 7th, 1909.

A. H. CROSFIELD.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
The Daylight Saving Bill.

Sir,—Now that we have in our hands a draft of the Bill, "To promote the earlier use of daylight in certain months yearly and for other purposes relating thereto," we can sea how we should stand with regard to it if it should pass into law. It is proposed to enact as follows :

1. "From two o'clock in the morning Greenwich Mean Time in the case of Great Britain and Dublin Mean Time in the case of Ireland of the third Sunday in April in each year until two o'clock in the morning Greenwich Mean Time in the ease of Great Britain and Dublin Mean rime in the ease 6f behind of the third Sunday in September of each year, the local time shall be in the case of Great Britain one hour in advance of Greenwich Mean Time in the case of. Ireland one hour in advance of Dublin Mean Time. 2. "The time hereby established shall be known as Summer Season Time in Great Britain and Ireland and whenever any expression- of time occurs in any Act of Parliament, deed, or other legal instrument, the time mentioned or referred to shall, unless it is otherwise specifically stated, be held in tin case of Great Britain and Ireland to be Summer Season Time as prescribed by this Act." 3. "Greenwich Mean Time as used for the purposes of Astronomy and Navigation shall not be affected by this Act." These are the main provisions of the Bill. - Clause wouldappear to be superfluous as, it refers to a matter 'entirely beyond human control

The first thing that strikes one on reading this document is the inequality or lopsidedness of the pro- posal. Had it been applicable to the current year for: instance, the . eighteenth of April being the third Sunday of the month, Monday - the nineteenth would have been the first working day on which summer season time would come into force. At Warrington and throughout Lancashire, sunrise will occur that morning a feu- minutes past five o'clock and at the most westerly towns in the country, it will take place as late as fifteen minutes past five G. M. T. There may therefore be sufficient daylight to enable indoor workers to com- mence their labours at five o'clock without artificial light. It will not be so in September, the third Sunday of which will be the nineteenth day of the month, and Saturday the eighteenth would be the last of summer season time. But at Warrington and in Lancashire generally the sun will not rise that morning till ten Minutes to six o'clock and later still in towns further west. As there is usually not sufficient, daylight half an hour before sunrise at that season of the year for the WOrk of spinning and weaving factories, engineers, fitting shops, and kindred ekablishments to be carried on without artificial light, this would have to be resorted to in the mornings in the factories and workshops of the country wtich commence work at six o'clock, for two to three weeks before the close of summer season time, and this will be accentuated in the western counties. In other words, lighting up in the mornings would commence a month earlier than usual. Should the Bill as it is drafted become law it will thus operate to increase the consumption - of artificial illumintuits in all the factories and workshops of the country which commence work at six o'clock in the morning, or otherwise it will cause a serious loss of efficiency during the first working hour of the day for two or three weeks before the close of summer season time.

So far as available daylight is concerned the eighteenth of April corresponds with the twenty-fourth of August; and the promoters of the Bill, seem to have overlooked the fact that there is not sufficient daylight in these latitudes to enable indoor workers to com- mence operations in the morning for more than four months out of the twelve without the aid of artificial light. It shonld also be remembered_that there is practi- cally always the same amount of daylight at six in the morning as at six in the evening throughout the summer season, near the Meridian of Greenwich, and the fact that the great majority of our industrial establishments are situated a considerable distance to the West of .the longitude of Greenwieh militates against the utility of-the measure. Tampering with our time keeping in the manner proposed by the bill will have an adverse effect on the econopical working of our factories and so far as most of our industrial establishments are concerned the most appropriate title for it as it is draffed, would. be " The Daylight Wasting Bill."

It is q—uite obvious that the Bill as it stands requires ffirther and serious consideration before it is passed into law, and then the benefits conferred by the innovation mast far more than counterbalance the confusion and inconvenience likely to be caused by it, before if could be regarded as a useful piece of legislation. Whether this result would be-attained remains to be seen. Judging from present appear: ances it is, to say the least, extremely doubtful.— Yours faithfully, A FELLOW OF THE ROY %I ASTRONOMICAL SOCIETY. Warrington, 14th April, 1909: •

===== 0002601_19090417_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SENTIMENTAL CHIMNEY SWEEPER.

To the literary treasures of the Guildhall Library an interesting and valuable addition has just been made in the form of a copy of the eighteenth-century work by Jonas Hanway, entitled "A Sentimentil History of Chimney Sweepers in London and Westminster. . with a Letter to a London Clergyman on Sun Clay Schools " I

===== 0002601_19090417_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
NATIONAL TEACHERS' UNION. The Morecambe Conference.

NEW PRESIDENT RECOMMENDS SECULAR

STATE SCHOOLS.

The fortieth annual Conference of the National Union of Teachers was opened on Monday, at More- cambe—" The Naples of the North." as the Mayor (Alderman E. Barnsbee), making the best of a good opportunity, described the town. Rain was falling heavily when the delegates assembled at ten o'clock in the morning, but the storm passed away, and the afternoon was fine and bright, with a strong breeze from the sea. Practically all the delegates, liumbering nearly 2,000, had arrived on Monday and the majority of them were present for the preliminary proceedings, which included a public reception, the installation of the new President, and the delivery of the Presidential address. The beauti- fully decorated Alhambra Palace is the meeting place, and it was crowded to the doors, the delegates occupy- ing the area, and the gallery being reserved for the general public. The retiring President (Mr. W. A- Nicholls) was in the chair until the installation of his successor. Among those on the platform were the Mayors of Morecambe and Lancaster, Sir W. E. M. Tomlinson, Mr. J. IL Yoxall, MT. (general secretary), and Mr. Ernest Gray. Dr. Macnauaara, M.P. wrote that he had been obliged to go to South Wales on Admiralty work.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
SECULAR STATE SCHOOLS. PRESIDENT'S SOLUTION OF EDUCATION SQUABBLES.

In his presidential address at the Morecambe Confer- ence of the Nationair Union of Teachers, Mr. C. W. Hole (Stoke Newington), who succeeds Mr. A. R. Pickles, of Burnley, said that the only solution of the education problem was to be found in State-controlled schools in which secular teaching alone was given. He warmly praised the new code, believing that it would tend to greater efficiency in the.scheols._ _

President after president of the N.U.T., he said, had pleaded for a simple course of Bible instruction in our schools, such as that set forth by the London Education Authority—a course which for many years had satisfied the consciences of the parents of the children attend- ing the Council schools of the Metropolis. Such a plan, however, had not received the approval of con- tending theologians, and therefore it appeared useless to urge further a scheme which was bound again to be rejected. _

biscussing the religious difficulty, he said there was truth in the contentions of both sides, but the price asked by the Church for admitted grievances was far too bfb. (Hear, hear, and No, no.") It appeared to him that there Were two courses open Ni luch were logical, and which gave equal treatment all round. The first vas—concurrent endowment of all types of elementary schools, viith full facilities for the lost:rue- tioa of the children in the faith of their parents. (Hear, hear.) This course, although just in principle, was manifestly unacceptable in practice. Secular education suggested the only last solution, therefore, since all others appeared to fail. Sacrifices were bound to be made all round, and the State must disendow all sectarian and religious teaching and concern itself only with the provision of secular education. (Cheers, and cries of dissent). _ _ _ _

Speaking for himself, and not claiming that a single member of the conference was in accord with him, he must say that he had been driven to the conclusion that in this solution lay the largest measure of practical justice and equity that could be meted out to contend- ing claims, provided always that where denominations bad furnished the funds for building their schools the "public must pay a fair rent for the occupation of the premises, and keep them in a satisfactory state of sanitation and repair. (Cheers). The changes which will be effected by the code for 1909 were 'highly desirable and necessary. It remained for the Government to provide adequate financial assistance in order that the size of the classes might be reduced and the staff rendered efficient in number and quality, to put the coping stone on the glorious strncture of a perfect educational system for the children of the nation. (Cheers.)

===== 0002601_19090417_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
ON HEARING OF THE DEATH OF SWINBURNE.

Proud soul of song and aunrise, last great singer Of all the golden choir, thou, too, art gone; And, as mine eyes upon the sad words linger, - This "nest of singing birds "seems strangely lone. Out in the garden a wet wind is wailing, The building throstles suddenly grow dumb ; And song within my own poor heart is failing, And the hot words seem strangely loth to come, I fain had hoped to some day see the glory Of that bright face, those "flame-like" locks of thine; But Death, alas! has once more been before me, And darkly withered that sweet dream of mine. But through my soul the songs of thee are ringing, On sunrise plumes thy flowing form I see, As, with bowed head, I timidly come bringing This little tribute of my love to thee. Thine was the last of the immortal voices, That filled our England with triumphant song ; With golden daffodils the land rejoices, In every grove the blackbirds find a tongue. But thou art silent ! Never more to greet them Will thy great heart of music turn to fire ; The singing waves leap up the land to meet them, The Morning Star sings on, and will not tire ; But Death lays low their last immortal poet, And seas andstrelms and mountains well might weep; The welkin flames with sunrise, and, below it, A glory broadens on the boundless deep; But never more, with morning's fiery splendour, Or whoa the burning stars defy the dark, Will thy 'great harp its answering music rendsr, • The soul of the) out-sing the soar:ng lark— Ah, never more! and yet, thy mighty rassion FOr love, and freedom, and the tameless awl, Thy scorn of tyrants, kings and priests, shall fashion The unborn generations of the free. Within the Abbey walls they might have laid thee, Among the mightiest of England's dead; No lesser honour would have quite repaid thee, Who with such spleadours crowned her sacred head. And, yet, methinks, thy slum hers shall be sweeter In that gorse-lighted, sun-kissed pla.ce of graves: What requiem for thy stormy soul is sweeter Than the eternal music of the waves? What pomp could match the violets softly springing Where the bright woodlands quicken into green? What other music suit thy deathless singing? What fairer garlands wreathe thy brow serene? But England needs new singers, seldom needed, Such trumpet-throated lords of son; as now; The tide of fame has round her shores receded, - Last of the immortal company art thou ! Mother, awake ! What deadly spell enthralls thee? A palsy creeps through those bright limbs of thiee ; In vain the clarion voice of Duty calls thee, Men mingle poison with the sacred wine, Sweet luxury, like a sinuous snake, enfolds thee, . The glory of thy sea-blue eyes grows dim; The deadly .grasp of crawling Mammon holds thee, And Faction seeks to tear thee limb from limb ! Mother, awake! Within thy fertile bosom Two thousand years their streneos seed have sown; The land once more bursts brightly into blossom ; The seas still sing to thee! but thou art grown A little deaf to the Eternal Voices, At Duty's call art sometimes strangely mute; Pe chance thine ears are deadened with the noises Of clamoraus Trade, or Pleasure's foolish flute ! Awake! awake! awake ! ere Doom be written, As once amid Belshazzar's golden feast; Awake before thy palace galls be smitten, "Andi all the realm reels back into the beast ! " 0, for some loftier vaice than mine to rouse thee, Same trumpet throat like his thy soul to thrill ; To break the deadly lethargy which bows thee, And bid thee cry, " Lo, I am England still !" ARTHUR BENNETT. ,

===== 0002601_19090417_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
- WARRINGTON CYCLING CLUB.

The inauguration of the season took the form of a successful smoking concert held on Thursday evening in the Patten Arms Ilot?1. The chair was taken by Mr. T. P. Throssell, the captain of the club, who in the course of a few remarks reminded the members of the opening run, to take place to-day (Saturday). The run would be to Warburton, and he hoped there would be a good attendance and that fine weather would prevail, thus helping to make a gcod opening outing for the reason. An excellent programme was submitted, the artistes being—Messrs. J. Draper, Wallace Bay, Herbert Pltunpton, W. A. Lloyd, George H. Smith and G., Anderton. The function was one of the most enjo3 able on record, and augurs well for the coming season.—As above stated, the opening run will take place to-day (Saturday), when the quaint and picturesque village of Warburton will be the destination. A splendid programme has been arranged for the season, including bowling mains on the Sankey Chapel House green, which has again been exclusively reserved for the members. The.bowling season will commence on Wednesday, May sth, and the competition for the Watkins Challenge Cup and other prizes on Wednesday, May 26th. The red letter fixture. the President's and. Ladies' day, again appears, when the club will be the guests of the President at his beautiful Cheshire home. Other fixtures of speoial interest are inter-club runs with other organizations, cricket match with Warring- ton Thursday,fishing match,tours and week-end outings. The musical events will also bea great attraotion.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
MARRIED WOMEN TEACHERS.

School Managers Decline to Give

Them Notice.

A conference of the managers of all schools affected by the resolution recently passed by the Education Committee with regard to the dismissal of married female teachers was held in St. Paul's schools on Wednesday evening. The meeting had been called at the instance of the Foundation Managers' Association of Church of England Schools, and it was presided over by the Rector (Rev. Canon Willis). There was an. attendance of eleven. The proceedings were private and no official information was vouchsafed to the Press representatives at the close. We learn, however, that it was decided to write the Education Committee intimating that the managers would decline to give the teachers -notice but stating no grounds for that action. This was carried with one dissentient. An amendment was moved that three months' notice, from April 30th, be given to the married female teachers to terminate their services, .but there was no seconder and con- sequently it fell to the ground.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
ROYAL COURT THEATRE.

" Love Rules the World."

The return visit of this popular domestic drama was cordially greeted by a crowded house on Monday evening, and patronage has been good throughout the week. Although conceived on orthodox lines, the play _is* sufficiently thrilling to satisfy the most sensation-loving theatre-goer, while the comic element, which is of the broad type, creates peals of laughter. Messrs. Sidney Rennef and G. M. Copping's company gives a satisfactory performance, Mr. Rennef himself presenting a very clever study of Jim Dixey. Mr. Stephen Langton as the relentless Stephen Blight is so realistic as to be the object of whole-hearted execra- tions from the " gods " and Miss Grace Jones (Flo Morton) as his accomplice displays no mean skill: Mr_ Will Heep (Elarold Kingston) and 'Miss Marie Clavering (Maud Carruthers), the long-suffering her') and heroine, soon enlist the sympathies of the audi • ence, for both play their parts Nvi th great power and pathos. Mr. Fred Elvin as Billy Binks and Miss Kitty Terries as Kitty Snowdrop are responsible for a great deal Of boisterous fun.

NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAMME.

Next week Mrs. Frank Bateman and Mr. Geo. Conquest's company will present the world famous drama "The Crimes of Pari§."

===== 0002601_19090417_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
PALACE AND HIPPODROME>

The Easter week attractions at the Palace and Hippodrome are really " high-:class and crowded "houses "have been the order. There is not a poor turn in the " bill" and the place rings with applause from first to last. Harry Tate's No. 1 Company in " Fishing" is making a first visit to Warrington and proves a great draw. The sketch is screamingly funny and remarkably well produced. Of course, Tate is not present in the flesh, but his substitute has ''o•ot the mannerisms of the master and in addition the sketch possesses sufficient merit in itself to be amusing. As a rule we ate not partial to musical extravaganzas, but we have nothing but praise for the Seven Bramusas in "Music Afloat." They are described as " an English family of juvenile musicians" and in age range from ten to seventeen. Their special line is a brass band extravaganza with the title mentioned above. The instrumental work of the party is excellent, and the music of a popular character. One's ears are assailed with pleasing sounds, but the greater treat is for the eyes. Not only are the performers smartly turned out, but the setting of the main,pieces—a view on the saloon deck of a steamer, and moonlight on the Mississipi—is really wonderful for its realism and beauty. Altogether the Seven Bramusas are a credit to someone's originality and cleverness. Two of the best comedians seen here for some time are Bennett and Martell, the shipwrecked mariners, whose turn is full of drollery which makes mirth infectious. St. Ruth and Conyers appear in old English costume as duettists and deserve to rank high in their particular line, for both ladies possess tuneful voices and blend their singing with complete harmony. Shrillo earns a cordial reception as a whistler of operatic airs, and Norah Desmond, American song illustrator, soon has the audience in full swing with her catching songs. The pictures illustrating the words are specially good. Walter Clyde, tenor vocalist, sings a couple of ballads in good style, and Mr. Widdop's orchestra is respon- sible for some very effective selections. The biograph again presents pictures which are new and pleasing.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
NEXT WEEK'S PROGRAMME,

Next week the attractions will be :—Boissets in "The Bricklayers ;" The Maples, the popular comedy entertainers ; Mulvey and Miriam, comedy artistes; Gladys Witton, girl contralto ; Laurie Brothers, acrobats; Carnia Sisters, artistic musical melange ; Ethel Sheffer, with illustrated songs. Mr. llacNaghten's success in arranging for a visit of Miss Horniman's famous Company, under the direction of Mr. B. Iden Payne-from the Gaiety Theatre, 1113nchester at the Palace and Hippodrome, Warrington in `• Widowers' Houses ." was so greatly successful that arrangements have been made for a return visit of this celebrated Company in two other of their most successful plays. The first, which will be" The Silver Bax," a play in three acts by John Galsworthy, will be given on Thursday, April 22nd. Mr. Galsworthy's play proved a success when it was produced at the London Court Theatre some two years back and it possesses the added distinction of having gained the favour of New York audiences. It is a play which is a veritable triumph of simple realism and truthfulness to life. It made a great impression on its audience when it wasii.roduced a few weeks ago at the Gaiety Theatre, flanchester. One may be a regular playgoer in the very centre of theatrical activity for many years with- out seeing anything so fine as the Police, Court scene, which is the great feature of" The Silver Box."• There is great drama in this scene and it is the climax to a very absorbing story.

Seats for the' performance at the Palace may now be booked.

EIGHT DREADNOUGHTS ORDERED BY OUR EXPERTS.

The English character has never been that of supine indifference, but of latent strength, When an attack has come this reserve strength has sustained the heavy assault and always repelled it. What would have been the result if weakness and nervelessness had been where strength was? The question of maintaining this valuable national as,et is vital to our Empire's existence. Horlick's Malted Milk is par excellence a food full of nourishment and support, and a valuable pick-me-up—no cooking reqnired—ask your Doctor about it or get a bottle from the Chemist.

LINSEED COMPOUND with warm water is an excellent gargle for sore throat.—Advt.

THE EXAMINER Series PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. APARTMENTS WANTED.HOUSES WANTED. APARTMENTS TO LET. HOUSES TO BE SO,LD. ARTICLES LOST. ARTICLES FOUND.' MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. MISCELLANEOUS SALES. One Three Six Thirteen Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ... 6d. is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. ... 3s. 91. 27 ... 9d. ... is. 10d. 3s. Od. ... ss. Od. 36 ... Is. Od. 2. 6d. 4s. ... 6s. Od. 45 ... Is. Od. ... 3s. Id. 55. 04. ... 7s. Od. 54 ... is. 6d. ... 3s. 84. ... 6s. 04. ... 10s. Od.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
MARKET PRICES.

WARRINGTON, WEDNESDAY, FRESH BUTTER.-18 3d to. is 4d. FRESH EGGS.-12 and 13. FOWLS (couple).--5s Gd to Gs. DucKs.-6s Gd to is. CHESHIRE BABBIIS.-10d to is. POTATOES.-5s to 6s per load. CHEESE 8d and 9d. OATS.-2d Bid to 2s 9,11 for 45 lbs. WHEAT.-53 94 to 6s for 70lbs. HAY.—Best clover hay, £3 5s to £3 ns per tca ; meadow bay, .22 15s per ton. WHEAT STRAW.-27s Gd per ton. OAT STRAW.-25s 6d per ton. CORN.

BRISTOL, TIIIIRSDA.Y.—SmaII supply of English wheat and prices reached '4ls, to 455, per quarter- Foreign wheat, with a moderate trade, advanced agaill Is 6d, to 2s, but still is below importing value. Grind- ing barley 3d, advance at 22s 9d. Maize steady ; ronal and flat 28s. Oats favour sellers; Irish black 18s. A LIVERPOOL THulispAY.—Wheat on spot firm an, Id, per cental advance on yesterday's quotations; tie demand is only moderate ; latest graded, July 93 3r, per cental sellers. Flour very firm, with fair trading - Maize dearer, demand fair ; prime mixed Americali 8s 2d, Plata 6s 6d. per cental. Other cereals firm. MANCHE 3TE It TIRMSDAY.—Fair attendance, but high prices ruling interfere with business. English wheat 2s, per quarter and foreign 4d, to sd, per mita/ dearer on the week. Flour is 6d, per sack higher. English barley, Is, per quarter, and foreign 0. Per bushel higher. English Oats, extending from lid. to 2d. dearer on the week.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
CATTLE.

-------- • 2 BIRMINGIIA3t, THURSDA.Y.—Short supply 11,13_,9 trade quiet. Best flerefords mide 7d., shorthorns Q?' to qd., bulls and cows 41d. to 51d., calves Thcl: to 9c,•, wether sheep 7Ad. to Bd., ewes and rams 41d. to 60, lambs 94d. to 10C1. per lb. Fair supply of pigs, and 9 good demand, bacon pigs fetching 10s. Gd., cutterS 10s. 6c1., porkers 10s. 10d., sows Sc. 9d. per score. DUBLIN, THIMSDAY.—Beasts 1,471, sheep 2,996' calves 52. Prime boasts scarce inquired for, medial not so difficult. Beef 445. to 615.; sheep fair trade nice weights, big sheep dull; mutton sd. to 7d, clipped 601; lambs 30s. to 405., prime scarce. Swine small medie'. and active trade, best 435. to 54. per cwt. LONDON, THURSDAY.—A limited supply of beost met with slow support at about previcus prices. HeasT.. bulls quoted at 2s. Bd. to 3s. 3d. per 81b. Supplies cl sheep were too small to form reliable quotationS, Calves quiet, best ro3king 53. 4d. per 81b.

===== 0002601_19090417_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
FARM PRODUCE.

MANCHESTER, THURSDAY.—Potatoes : Yorksh_iiref King Edwards 10s. to us., up to dates Os. to 95. tto•P sands Bs. to Bs. 6d.; Cheshire, 6s. to 7s. ; Lincolv* warps 9s. to 9s. 6d., sands Bs.. to Fs. Gd., King Edward,' 10s. to lls, per load. Turnips, 30s. to 355. ; carrots, 80s. to 903. Mushrooms, 10d. to IS. 3d. per II): Rhubarb, Bd. to is. per dozen bunches. New carrot., and turnips 101. per bunch.

BUTTER. CORK, THIIRSDA.Y.—A fair supply and ixrprovg demand prices being steadier and tending upsvii.r,ll Firsts 81s., seconds 715., thirds 655., fourths 61s M' eh cured : Superfine 915., fine 735., choicest 83 r. 3, re butter 83s.

HAY AND STRAW. LONDON, THURSDAY.-At the Whitechapel Hay and' Straw Market, to-day, limited arrival experienced keen demand at occasionally dearer rates. Quotations: Best clover 725. to 785., inferior clover 665. to 70s,* specially-picked hay 775., good hay 68s. to 755., inferior hay 50s. to 635., mixture and sainfoin 675. to 785., stravr 245. to 28s. per load. GAME AND POULTRY.

MANCHESTER, THURSDA Y.—Wholesale quotations —lrish chickens Is. 6d. to 35., do. fowls is. 6d. t° is. 9d., do. ducklings is. 6d. to 9s. Gd. each. Irigt turkeys 10d., Irish geese 6d. Rabbits : English bes, trapped is. 9d. to is. lOd., do. shot is. 4d. to Is. per couple or bundle, which average about Mts. weigu`'

===== 0002601_19090417_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
VITAL STATISTICS.

The Registrar-General's report for last week gives' the following local and general particulars : Death-rate. Town. This week. Last week. Birth Deatlei Lixerpool 20.6 .. ... 23.7 Bootle 5 Birkenhead ... 2 #.5 Wallasey - . .. st, St. Helens ... 31.3 _ 39.7 ...... 63 ..... . Wigan Warrington ... 238 Bolton Burnley ..... .... 16.2 Blackburn Preston Barrow Hanley 38 ..... . of The rate f3r St. Helens is slightly higher than that,To last week, and is again the highest for she country. .e,, measles is ascribed fifteen victims, to scarlet fever 015, to whooping-cough two, and to fever one, the "disess.!:o rate being 104. In public institutions there were 111' deaths, and three from uncertified causes. a ;a In Wigan there were five deaths from measles, an Warrington two.

_.!---' _ Warrington.—Printed and published- by SOHN WA- .001., i & • Co., (Warrington) Ltd., at The Exanis.ol. General Printing Workr, Berney-street, ago published by them at the same place, - eacL,77l9 at The Examiner Offices, Victoria-road 32, George-street, Sr. HELENS; 3, Market 11: EARLNSTOWN ; Church-street RIINCOB3 Apt 17th ,

===== 0002601_19090417_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
WYCLIFFE CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH T, , BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.. `-'-zIORROW, (SUNDAY), APRIL 18th, 1909. PREAmEn : REV. JOHN YONGE. Morning 10-30. Evening 6-30 P.S A for MEN. 3.0 p.m. WYCLIFFE .CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, BEWSEY-STREET. SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY, SUNDAY, APRIL 25TH, 1909. - MORNING PREACHER:. REV. FRANK Y. LEG GATT, M.A. EVENING PREACHER: ALBERT GOODRICH, D.D. sors of Chorlton-road Congregational Churcb, Manchester). the Afternoon, SERVICE OF SONG for lir oth ° arBhood, Teache Parents Friends, and the P.S.A. er. ADDRESS By JOHN UPSON, Esq., J.P. ekr,L SERVICES: 10.30, 2.30, 6.30. yoix-;CTIONS IN BEHALF OF SCHOOL FUNDS. tattle Presence as well as generous help are very invited. ''O -MORROW CHURCH, GOLBORNE STREET, 1;9-MORROW (SUNDAY), APRIL MTH, 1909. raEACHER : REV. R. E. LETHEREN. LortNING 10.45. " Epaphras : A Fossil." Wed-civENING 6.30. "After Easter." A„nesday 8.15, Address on International Lesson. Visitors heartily welcomed. JIIIPPTIST CHURCH, LATCHFORD, 4,:r°;?IORROW (SUNDAY), APRIL 18TH 1909. P. A. PEPPEBDENE (Market Drayton.) Morning 10.30, Evening 6. OFFERTORIES. SEATS FREE. 41111 Vir SE y ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH, 1. TO WARRINGTON. .010„--MORROW (SUNDAY), APRIL 18TH. ItveV3g 10.30. Rev. F. WALWYN KERNICK. —lllg 6.30. Rev. E. BGANSHARD KEELING. welcome. Hymn Books provided. 43$3th STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH, WARRINGTON. Itga'MORROW (SUNDAY), APRIL 18TH. arning 10.30. Rev. JOHN GUNNELL. tvening 6.30. Rev. THOMAS MILLER. SUBJECT "How to attain our Ideals." 11 welcome. Hymr Books provided. j4IV-STREET CHAPEL, WARRINGTON JO-MORROW (SUNDAY), APRIL 18TH. 10.45 and 6.30. PRE:kcHER : REV. H. WOODS PERRIS. SUBJECT: Morn: "Three Score and Ten." Even' "The art of life." L SEATS FREE. 11/ ARRINGTON PARLIAMENTARY DEBATING SOCIETY. •.`rat at the LION HOTEL, on THURSDAY, Tiotz.,„. the 22nd instant. at 7.30 p.m. S (for members and friends), 2s. 6d. each. An early application is necessary. EDMUND OSBORNE, R N Hon. Secretary, Padgate. GT ON WOMEN'S SUFFRAGE A. Jaw MEETING WILL BE HELD IN THE ]Ni u CRUCHOOLRO, PADGATE, 410. N SOCIETY RCH SOM DAY, THE 19TH APRIL, 1909, AT 8 O'CLOCK. e'AIER: MISS ROYDEN. OF LIVERPOOL. Ail, AIRMAN : EDMUND OSBORNE, ESQ. 4ISSION FREE. RESERVED SEATS .613. Hon. Sec., MISS WARING, B.A. House, Warrington. -L-ALIL'S ANNUAL SALE OF WORK ON, • --'lJ.kir NEXT, APRIL 19TH, AT 2.30 P.M. IN THE EBLIt ROOMS, WINMARLEIGH STREET. LORD HAS VERY KINDLY CONSENTED TO OPEN THE SALE. - .10 • 4881°11, 2.30 to 6 p.m. Is. After 6 o'clock 6d. 1:141.1\-.11TIVE METHODIST CHURCH, LEGH ST. 'uNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY, APRIL IlLkeltEß : 10.30 18TH and 611 g MT.. A. 3RIFFITHS, HA.RTLEY COLLEGE. Sh' • OON 2.30, AN EXERCISE SERVICE, 44(11e:11.1,4i% Lights:7 Will be given by the Scholars, SS BUGLASS. -'4tiiimAri6AlßMAN : J. GRIyrILIATHS, Es Q. TickeSts(l.6cl. each. 11tIt Tea 1ei.31) YrVirjtCNNUAL MEETING and bISTRIBUTION. MRS. W. CRAMPTON "ddrVsent Prizes. CHAIRMAN, J. JARMAN, Esq. .1)418,b3-Rev.J.B.BUGLASSetMr.A.GRIFFITHS. ire„4l-, SINGING at all the Services by the ‘44.6-04,11d Choir. 16 A -,rIONS IN AID OF SCHOOL FUNDS. GATE 'WESLEYAN CHURCH.

PALACE AND HIPPODROME, WARRINGTON. Managing Director......M R. FRANK MACNA GHTEN. 70 TWICE NIGHTLY 9-0 MONDAY NEXT, APRIL 19TH, 1909. THE RENOWNED BOISSETS, kFrank and Albert) in "THE BRICKLAYERS." PAYMOND'S 810-TABLEAUX. MULVEY and MIRIAM., Comedy Artistes. GLADYS WITTON, Girl Contralto. LAURIE BROTHERS, Acrobats. CARINA SISTERS, Artistic Musical Melange. • ETHEL SHEFFER, with Illustrated Songs. THE MAPLES, THE POPULAR COMEDY ENTERTAINERS. Gallery, 3d.; Early Door, 4d. Pit, 6d.; Early Door, 9d.; Circle, is.; Early Door, is. 3d.

PALACE AND HIPPODROME, WARRINGTON. Managing Director: Mn. FRANK MACNAGHTEN. Manager: MR. ERIC LONGDEN. Telephone No. 500. THURSDAY NEXT, APRIL 22ND, AT 2,30, FLYING MATINEE OF "THE SILVER BOX." PRICES :—Circle 2s. 6d. (3s. booked). Pit is. (early doors is. 6d). Gallery 6d. (early doors 9d). Early doors 1.45. Ordinary 2.0. Commence 2.30. SEATS MAY NOW BE BOOKED at the Theatre Box Office.

THg POISONS & PHARMACY ACT, 1908. T GEORGE STARKEY, carrying on the trade of SEEDSMAN at GOLDEN SQUARE, WARRINGTON, HEREBY GIVE NOTICE that it is my intention to apply to the Local Authority for a licence thereat to sell and keep open shop for the Sale of Poisonous Substances to which Section 2of the Poisons and Pharmacy Act, 1908, applies for use exclu- sively in connection with Agriculture and Horticulture. Dated this 16th day of April, 1909. GEORGE STARKEY.

THE POISONS AND PHARMACY ACT, 1908. T THOMAS PIERPOINT of No. 32, HORSE- MARKET STREET, WARRINGTON, trading as Thomas Pierpoint and Co., and carrying on the trade of a SEEDSMAN at the said address, HEREBY GIVE NOTICE that it is my intention to apply for a licence to sell and keep open shop for the sale of poisonous substances to which sec. 2 of the Poisons and Pharmacy Act 1908, applies for use exclusively in connection with Agriculture and Horticulture. THOMAS PIERPOINT4 April 16th, 1909.

MR. ROBERT C. BROOKS, of 12, Bewsey Road, Warrington, WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DEBTS- UNLESS PERSONALLY CON- TRACTED from this date, April 17.

TOST, SATURDAY AFTERNOON, BETWEEN 4 WARRINGTON AND ST. HELENS, MOTOR BAG containing Tools. Reward.—JOHNSON, 993, Ashton Old rd., Manchester.

MHE MUSICAL SOCIETY'S NEXT OPERA "THE PIRATES OF PENZANCE." COPIES OF THE MUSIC AND COPIES OF THE WORDS CAN BE. HAD AT WADSWORTH'S, -59, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

9-nIE LIVERPOOL INS'iITUTE OF ELEC- A, TRICITY.—DO YOU SUFFER from Rheu- matism, Sciatica, Insomnia, Nervous Prostration, Loss of Memory, Paralysis, Deafness, Neuralgia, Stammer- ing, Pains in the Head and Back, Depression of Spirits, Dimness of Sight, Dread of Future Events, Nervous Timidity? ALL NERVOUS and MENTAL DIS- ORDERS CURED by Dr. Fisher, U.S.A., Brain and Nerve Specialist, 90, Princess-rd., LIVERPOOL.. 10 to 3 and 5 to 8 p.m. Modern Scientific Massage and Electro.Vibro Medical Massage. Electricity. Con- sultations free.

HAIRCOMBINGS made up 2/- per oz COVERLET FE I TAILS OF FROM HAIR FRAMES, I PURE 5/6 FROM 3[6 EACH. I HAIR. T. S. BROWN, 3, LEECE ST. (CAR S ATION), LIVERPOOL.

INCOME TAX. RARE YOU OVER-ASSESSED? If so, forward Notice of Assessment and any other Tax Papers to JOSEPH DIXON, F.A.A. INCOME TAX SPECIALIST, 18, MARSDEN STREET, WIGAN. Over 20 years' Official Practical Experience nf Taxes in the Offices of Assessors, Collectors, and Surveyors of Taxes.

ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS. SICKNESS, EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY, BURGLAR AND FIDELITY GUARANTEE RISKS INSURED AGAINST BY THE RAILWAY PASSENGERS ASSURANCE CO. CAPITAL (fully subscribed) £1,000,000 CLAIMS PAID £5,600,000 84, CORNHILL, LONDON A. VIAN, Secretary, MANCHESTER OFFICE: 16 JOHN DALTON ST. Agents required in unrepresented districts. AGENTS: Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLINIES, Queen's Chambers; Sankey at. Warrington Mr. W. H. RIGBY, Nesscliffe, Victoria rd., Latchford. St. Helens Mr. J. B.LEACH, Hardsbaw-street Haydock Mr.J. BILLINGE, The Willows. Saudbach Mr. F.J. FINLOW, Rookery Bridge.

THE LICENSING ACT, 1904. NOTICE OF IM POSITION OF CHARGES UNDER SECTION THREE OF4THE ACT. COUNTY PALATINE OF CHES TER. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Com- pensation Authority for the above Area have imposed under Section 3 of the Licensing Act, 1904, for the year ending 31st December, 1909, Charges in respect of Licences at the AIAXIMUM RATE; and Charges on the Premises affected will be levied and paid accordingly as part of the Ditties on the corresponding Excise Licences. REGINALD POTTS, Clerk of the Compensation Authority. Chester, 11th April, 1909. NORTHAMPTON MUNICIPAL 110RTICULTURAL SOCIETY. GRAND EXHIBITION OF FLOWERS, FRUITS, AND VEGETABLES. August 4th and sth, at ABINGTON P ARK NORTHAMPTON. Prizes to the value of £3OO. Schedules on application to Jas. B. PALMER, Secretary, 36 Cyril Street; Northampton. 401. A LLAN LIKE TO CANADA • UNDER GOVERNMENT CONTRACT FOR CONVEYANCE , OF CANADIAN MAILS. EXPRESS WEEKLY SERVICE' • TURBINE STEAMERS; UNSURPASSED CUISINE. THROUGH Rims TO ALL PARTS OP CA3ADA AND U.S.A. FRom LIVERPOOL ... CORSICAN ... Apr. 22 FROM GLASGOW ... lONIAN ... Apr. 24 FROM LONDON(vin Havre) SARDINIAN ... May 1 For Handbooks, Maps, and full details for Settler, Tourists, and others, Apply ALLAN LINE, 19, James St., Liverpool; 5 Pall Mall. S.W., 103, Leadenhall St' E.C.,London ; 25, Bothwell St.,Glasgow, or Local Agent,

KENDAL, MILNE & CO.'S COMPLETE STOCK OF CABINET FURNITURE IS NOW BEING OFFERED FOR SALE AT SPECIAL REDUCTIONS OWING TO TERMINATION OF LEASE AND ALTERATIONS TO PREMISES. INSPECTION INVITED. 110-12, DEANSGATE, MANCHESTER.

With the advent of Spring every housewife will be planning to make the home more inviting and attractive. Therefore on her list of wants she must not forget one important item—; 4, A i ~.. ,-.., L. ~.A. ...,..5 , . . . . •0; 1 4:,,-,,, • . -., r,I. -- , :.- We have given weeks of careful preparation and fore-thought to bring forward what we consider to be the largest and • most varied stock of curtains in the district. The most exclusive designs are here, from the cheapest that's good to the best that's ' made, at prices ranging . from 2/11 to 50/ L's Why send your order out of town when Dutton's can supply a superior article and give better service? It pays to buy the best, both for economy and the satisfaction there is in possessing a good article. We are having another grand display next week, and every housewife must consider this a personal invitation to inspect the finest lot of curtains ever brought together in this ' town. • J. & W. I'UTTOMv Sankey Street,

L N. HOU: IiTON9 For GARDENING TOOLS, Sec. 33, BRIDGE STREET, Warrington. Telephone 385x1 Established over 100 years. IRONMONGERY, ecc•

FOR TlErt-lOLIDAY SM.AESON. Special Consignment of DOROTHY lODD tOOTS&S'r OES Elegant and Everlastinei.—Exclusive Agency. J. HALL] WELL, 32'MARKET STREET, WitillillMOTOßl.

R:l7 ERT WOOD THE NOTED TAILOR, 5, Market Place, Warrington, Maker of the Famous 35/- SUIT TO MEASURE, rTow showing New Spring Goods. SEE WINDOWS.

NATIONALTELEPHONE 14? 2924 0012.44 ~ Ct. . ' avyt..., ~......_ ~.0 plA x 4.% •;('1 w,ei )---(4C® elf 4 :,... .* o\l,l Lte • tit • --,-, ... ) .... ..,....... ~,, BOWLING GREENS. •,-2:- :.,v-i- ..:1.7r- r a • . --.^ 4,, ~.. 42,SACKVILU STREET MANCHESTER.

GO P t'l77 7 7 , THE SPOT SHOP' , .:, er. ; K-A..., 41 __• -. : 1 ' ' 4 Z.. ' S. ; . ~ v TO P . '4e: ' i i 1 : g 1....,:i .‘ 6 '.i•,,,.. :11 (FISH MARKET) FOR MITMR.IrrIcitiN. Cr,

,:....-;Fgefc--st-7T7T--.p----.zlrr-,.A.Firf.p.rr-,7-7j,,,,,,,,,,,5_,t5.,_,, .4 .1,4 ~.0.4,,,,....,,,......:,„ , .44„....,,, .6.. ~..r,v4 „,) , ....,..;,.:1;:,,...,,...::....::::::::t :-..k. ' ..... 11:•:'...",...- . ..7.,--:,.-,:li: ..*:1.7 :7 ; :,„.: ..,.....:.‘,p.,' • ...1i4...., 4',V11, -' '' ''' . ..-:::.s.::-..t',:.:,•,....*:, .. ..4,;,•rAr. .4. ~ • -,4,..-...i ::.. .. .. ......„,..4 :t r ..• ',„ :•:;;;3 • l''''. r t* ,-;,, ..,,,. 1, ,•'. • 05' 'IN 1 ,A . • -,.u..--:,.• - -- - vv(1•(' ~,N.,\‘' , k o. • .-. ~.kes. . 0x,‘,,., k\--,,-.%‘• .., ~ -.T.. , • - ~, i\g.,.. lk.‘s ,cov.al .1.4 .-,..-1.• -; --- 1-51 'XVI.% krc a ;.% .., • . ~0 ~Iyo . - -,?<1..., 4if.:,,,.., %).. ~:?.4 0 ,t,et t tti ,e 0 r••• .9.5 . I' ), :.- Ni 4 . s-•-• koll• 1 ' v•JS . .ea '. 0•10. .0:01:',' .0,- ; 2,... :: ,o:l‘.e ....,...,...::.:: % e.,cotl I,v- • VP‘e . 1 10 IaSS 1-11:1 IA r t 1 ta • ' to't .5.,:.N1 •11 G .OC., ItO .cii i ~, ..7.,.- ,ievl ‘319 1.10 t_lolk° ‘3l N • 0.6. A. 4. *'' ' * .- :. 1 k e 1 .11 tko ~ssr. ~,,it ~' to . to, ‘,.,- -1 ..fls. : 5 • . • . . , ..\\ 1.1.0 14.10) , lv. b„, f 0) ~, Gs.catcjog, .. -.., ' AS/' n . yoc." Pricts 'ono i" AVisIN, IS . . • -;- * li lif.l /f., \ ! s aye {yoi ~,ttstr, ilk ", . g,-: nbe • la. Itil it \ tliti vor „ 10,14 s i i 3//,'• ..-\.., °I Sell °A iii's-i, \-• I ...--_. , 1, ~1‘ s'lkst 1411:&4‘‘-- .o,l+l IN.l‘l cirtltl'e 1, c'o .k. _1 • $l4" 1411‘7'‘V* f/ i t, . .v. ~• , _ ..,.., .... ..• * ~. , /.: •••• 7 f '• - 4 ... , - 'r,t':',l- ...,,,,,:' .: .`41'.,'.: e ~- ..- ~., .., - .7 ~,.•.- -,.. . ...4. - - ,4.- 0- . _-!-- ,- ~ • . „ _Cr, '- 4, - ..- • .7, ...,...., I, ....=.W, 4.. ~..,N ~,, ~.l.f •,. , :•.,.,' .4.-ih,ef'si'it,:,.' k:.09--4""'"7 . -.1,.:,),.. ~,. - y... lc Iry • , -.• , ~,.. ..p.s.ser ~,, • ~., ' AO' •- • :-';',.. I ..t . . . ...... . ... . . ... _ - ....„. . r•OrrIZ •

CASH or on EASY Hire Terms.

Direct from the Tea Garden to the Teapot, LIPTO S T LARGEST SALE IN THE WORLD. Local Branch :—WARRINGTON, BRIDGE

RiIoTHER MADE OF ROOTS; BARKS SEITGE AANDRELIRTAB\ii_T GkoEt INITE czy u p Asi!IroD;;‘)ct:IFIICLErFIEFpECa-rßoot,4wiErs. =--- cures IN BILIOUSNESS, CONSTIPATION

Are Your Eyes Right? Or have you noticed some little sign that makes you suspect defects If in doubt don't delay don't wait until neglect has aggravated the defects. Let us test your eyes by the best methods known. Then. if you need them, we can supply Glasses that will give immediate comfort and preserve good vision. ARCM Eft & SONS: Eyesight Specialists. 739 LORD STREZT 1543. LIVETIPOOL

THE BEVERAGE FOR ALL WEATHERS ILI 4 -W ._. il: COCOA A delicious food and drink in one. A cup of "Epp3's" at breakfast warms and SUSTAINS YOU for HOURS As a supper beverage it 13 perfect. " EPPS'S " means EXCELLENCE. _ GRATEFUL COMFORTING _

dr THE 7 WORLD-FAMED BLOOD PURIFIER. 1444 zOR cleansing and clearing the blood of all y impurities from whatever cause arising. " Clarke's Blood Mixture "cannot be bettered. It has over 40 years' rep utation, and is to-day more popular than ever, the reason being un- doubtedly because it is recognised throughout the world to be the only safe, thorough and lasting remedy for Eczema, Scrofula, Scurvy, Bad Legs, Ulcers, Abscesses. Bolls, Pimples, lilott.hes, Spots, Sores. Eruptions al every kind, Blood Poison, Glandular Swellings, Rheumatism, Gout, etc. Cf all Chemists & Stores, 2/9 per Bottle.

DAN YSZ VIRUS is not a Poison, but kills RATS AND MICE. Harmless to other Animals and Human Beings. Single Tube, 25., Three Tubes, 55., Post Free from DANYSZ VIRUS Ltd., 52. Leadenhall St., LONDON, B.C. And of all Cileinists.

DIBECT from Maker, 5 Golf Clubs and bag, 225. 6d. —HALL, 105, Fitzroy rd., Bradford.

T° get 6s. Novels at half-price.--Wate VALLANCE, Fuller's rd., Woodford, London, N.B.

6 6 etUILD OF AID," Zeals, Wilts.—Sheets of Rules N.-1r House, Pantry, Kitchen, Gd. per set.

RED SHALE for carriage drives and paths, by rail Or canal.—Apply ELI BRINDLE?, 73, Corporation st., Chorloy.

"DIAN° (new), check action, latest improvements: cost £3O; take £2O or offer.-11, Muds ST., Warrington.

COSTUME and Suit lengths, wholesale prices patterns sent. PILLEY and Co., Manufacturers Calverley. Leeds.

NEW NAPIHA Sosp, 241b5., sent 25,, p. 0.0., usual price 6s.—MELROSE AVENUE SOAP WORKS' Liverpool, N.

HAIR, lovely tails of Human Hair, 2s. 6d. each, post 2d. special value any colour.—CAGE, Hair Merchant, Windsor.

THE famous "Edina" Nickel Silver Watch sent post free to any address for 4s.—SYmE & Co., 30, Roseburn Ed., Edinboro.

FlSH.—Headless, Frying, Hawking, Is. stone, Basses 25., carriage paid, satisfaction guaranteed.— WALTER LEA FF, Grimsby.

MOUSTACHE.--Hair grown in a few days or money returned.—Send 6d. to H. RANNARD, Alexandre Penritb, Cumberland.

pOPULAR SONGS.—Dance Music and Pieces Id. per copy; 12, post free, Is. Lists free.—FRANCIS, 106 High st., N. Fincbley, London. "VOUR-CORNER Picture Frame Cramps for frames .1: 6in. rquare to 261 n. square, 4s. each, carriage paid. —PATRICK, Oxford at., Leds.

CHEAPEST PRINTERS on earth or elsewhere.—As for prices. Millinery Boxes, Millinery Bags.— PALATINE PRINTING CO., Wigan. RUBBER HEELS.—Best quality guaranteed; send 6d. for sample pair, post free ; state size.—SALvo, 42, Gray's Inn rd., London, W.C.

WATER CASKS, all sizes, low prices.—Apply GILBERT AND JOHN GREENALL, LIMITED, the Distillery, Bridge at., Warrington.

SUITS 275. 6d., Tailor-made; carriage paid; write for patterns and self-measurement forms to AVON TWEEDS Co.. Sthtford-on-Avon.

(IOLD RINGS FOR NEXT TO NOTHING ! XX Send stamped addressed envelope for list to THE SECRETARY, 17, Rosebery avenue, Lincoln. .

BARGAIN.—The popular 3s. 6d. Library Fountain Pen sent post free for 2s. Bd.—J. BARTLETT, Fountain Pen House, North End, Croydon.

131 f ILLIARD TABLE FOR SALE Bft. x 4ft.. nearly -11—IP new, by Rapier, half cot price.—FEßN COTTAGE, Fairfield rd , Stockton Heath, Warrington.

CIOSTUME Cloths from 81d. Suitings from 3s. 3d Buy direct. No middle ,profit. Patterns free.— HOBSON, 33, Middle Cross st.. Arm'ey, Leeds

is. 01 Post Free, a 4s. 6d. Set of Carvers and Steel, kJ. Sheffield manufacture; satisfaction guaranteed; bankrupt stock.-O'RANT,22a,Milton rd., Westcliff-on-Sea.

U PAGE BOOK ABOUT HERBS' and how to use them. Post free. Send for one.—TROINELT„ The Herbalist, 1-14, Richmond rd., Cardiff? Established 1879.

CAREAT BARGAINS.—CaIicoes and Flannelettes kJ- 4s. 9d. and ss. 6d. per dozen yards, carriage paid —TorrT BnoTHEtts,Hyndman st.,Old Kent rd.,6Loudon

BLOUSE and Dress Lengths. Bargains direct, latest designs, voi!es, z(phers,&c. ; patterns on application.—FANcY MUSLIN Co., 19, Cannon st., Man- chester.

1;S. RUGS 10D. EACH.—Large Axminster Rugs, tfl costing purchasers of our Coupons only 10d., each ; enclose 6 stamps for Coupon.—RommT CLEAVER & CO., 4, Moor place, Liverpool.

DRAIN PIPES (Agricultural), moulded and Common Bricks, Terra Cotta, and Patent Partitions. Pampblet on drainage post free.—JAßEz THOMPSON, Terra Cotta Works, Nortbwieb.

SPLENDID Snit Lengths from Os. Gd.,in Worsteds, Serges, Tweeds' Scotch Suiting, &c. ; splendid variety, patterns free.—THORP & GOMERSALL, Woollen Merchants, Wortley, Leeds.

BLOUSE AND DRESS-LENGTH S.—Latest Designs. Write for Patterns and Particulars of how to obtain Dress-lengths free.—TnE FANCY MUSLIN Co., 19 Cannon at., Manchester. Mention paper.

ABSOLUTELY free.—Real diamond Scarf Pin pre- sented to sender of first, letter opened containing 35., for Gents Hall marked Gold Signet Ring.— HUMPRIES, 23B,Sellingcourt rd., Tooting.

ASH OF INCANDESCENT MANTLES (broken mantles) bought from sd. per oz. to 9s. per lb., according to Quality and Quantity, by ALBERT DURST & FRANKL, 57 & 58 Chancery lane, London, W.C.

DOGS kept perfectly clean and healthy. Sol-vol destroys fleas immediately. Removes that 'doggy' smell, makes glossy coats,enres mange. Sample post free 2d.—Sot-VOL Co., 29a, Kirkstall rd., 'Leeds.

WHAT can I do for you, Sir, in the way of Poultry Houses, Greenhouses, Garden Frames, Cycle Houses, Chicken Coops. Sheep Troughs? Send for price list. GEORGE HILL, Raby at. Wolverhampton Mention paper;

COMPLEXION CREAM.—Clears the skin by thoroughly cleansing pores, removing dirt thit soap and water cannot reach. It's the secret of beauty. —PARISIAN TOILET SPECIALITY CO., 91, Shaftesbury Avenue, London.

SPECTACLES for the partially Blind.—Mr. Clements 13, Alderbrook rd., Balham, enabled to read after 13 years' deprivation.—F. DAVIDSON & CO., Opticians to %Vest London Hospital,29,Great Portland st.,London. Descriptive pamphlet free.

TRANSLATIONS of the Standard French Authors price 28.—Photos of leading Parisian Actresses, and Celebrities, price 25., Is. extra for registered letter post. Letters requiring reply must enclose 2id., for postnge.—G. Awrisun, 6, Passaae Grano, Monte Carlo.

ROYAL BERKSHIRE APPLE GINGER (REGISTERED). A most delicious unique table delicacy. Prepared from best selected fruit. Imge patent tins post free, Is. 6d., from THE ROYAL BERKSHIRE PRESERVING CO.. 100 & Laurence Hill, Bristol.

FISH! FISH! FISH! MO FISHMONGERS, HAWKERS. AND FRYERS. —lf you are looking for a Genuine Sender of Real Live Fish at reasonable prices, write G. E. BOWEN Billingsgate, Hull. Good mixed kits from ss. upwards. Norway Herrings, Kippers, Pinnies, Fillets, Cured Codlings, always on hand. Terms, cash with order.

MAILORIN G.—Suits, Overcoats, &c. West-end Styles, Smart, Up-to-date. Write at once for new season's patterns self-measurement forms. Prices from 30s. for Suits; 255. Overcoats. Favourable credit given. Quality unsurpassed. Note.— Goods Carriage Paid.—EVEREST & Co., 20, Bucklersbury, London.

GREAT SALE of Iron, Wood, and Portable Build- ings; 5 per cent. reduction off usual low prices until further notice ; send particulars, requirements ; catalogues free. Churches, Chapels, Hospitals, Motor Houses, Schools, Mission Rooms, Pavilion, etc,; cheapest house in the Trade.—Apply THE BRITISH IRON BUILDINGS Co., Ashford, Middlesex, and 11, Redcross st., Liverpool.

23 WEEKLY upwards made either sex. Why work for others? Be independent. Business conducted anywhere. Little expense. Astounding eecrets only known to the retired who have amassed huge fortunes. Why not you ? Don't delay. Full explanation by late manager to retired manufacturer. is. P.O. Stamped addressed envelope. Instructions to commence.—MANAG KR, 30, Kemble st., Prescot.

--- Machinery etc.

FOR SALE Massive HORIZONTAL STEAM ENGINE 25 'LP., Vertical Inverted Cylinder Engine, 12 H.., Camaron Pump, 71n. Steam Cylinder, sin. ram, all in good condition and cheap. Turning, planing, punching, and shearing, Smith's work, Hot- water fitting, &c.—C. COTTON, Scotland rd., Warrington

TIEVONSHIRE sweet scented Blue VIOLETS from 15 overstocked garden,handy for borders or rockeries; plant now; large clumps Is. 6d. carriage paid.—HEARD, Orchard Hill, Bideford, North Devon..

REENHOUSES Made and Fixed. If you are pur- chang gteenhouses communicate with ALFRED REDFERN, 276, Danton lane, Hallingwood, Oldham, before placing your orders. Enquiries will receive prompt attention.

- - 10 FARMERS.—GAS LIME, Tan Yard Limo -111- Bottoms, and Boiler Ashes; delivered in any quantity by all canals and stations at special law quota- tions.—Apply J. SHARROCK & SONS, Sole Contractors, Melling, near Liverpool.

1000 SWEET PEAS, post free, is. 3d.—We are now able to supply tbe famous 'Roslyn strain, the great prize-winners. Blooms enormous size and magnificent colours. Same name in separate packets at Gd. ; 12 packets, 4s. 6d.; 25 varieties.—COLLlNSON & Co., Roslyn, Lalebam rd., Staines, Middlesex.

ON SALE, twO COBS, 6 years old, 13 hands ad 14-1. Beautiful drivers, any trial allowed.—JoHN CRAWSHAW, Mesnes sr., Wigan.

BELMSFORD Dog-Cart, by Lawton, in good condi- tion; rubber tyres, mats, i&c., complete.-37, THE WILLOWS, Breck rd., Liverpool.

EEGGS from my winning Barred Rocks. Black and Brown Leghorns reduced to 4s. dozen unfertiles replaced. Winner of upwards of 60 prizes this season. PREECE, Madeley, Salop.

XTEW CART on Sale, plank sides, 41in. wheels, about 14cwt. ; also strong Iron Cistern, lift. Egare, 7ft 4in. deep, and one old Cornish Boiler, 21ft. 6in. long,4ft diameter. Apply DANL. DRAPR, Steam Saw Mills, Parr's lane, Ormskirk.

LIKELY WINNER, 13.2, Class Olympia Unity,' probably handsomest young brown thoroughbred living. Unblemished, long, low, with substance, by RocketNl.,"dam by Denmark. .£l6 ; bargain.—DEACON, Langboro', Wokingham. TO FUNERAL FURNISHERS.—Two HEARSES and four CLARENCE COACHES, in perfect working order, FOR SALE; bargain for immediate purchase, £I6O.—BLACKPOOL AND Sounsi SHORE CARRIAGE COMPANY, Blackpool. FOR SALE, a beautiful shaped LANDAU on steel tyres; good as new. Also a good roomy GOVERNESS CAR on rubber tyres. Also a LIGHT HURRY 91t. by sft., Siewt., warranted as new.—Apply J. SCHOLES, 99A Eastbank at., Southport.

RALLI CAR for Sale, rubber tyres, new; suit 15 hands horse. Three Milk floats all in self colour, suit 14, 15 and 16 hands horses. 'One two-wheeled Baker's Van, suit 15 hands; cheap. One second-hand low Manure Cart, hay gearing, complete, nearly new £B.—Apply R. DEWIT MST, Coach Builder, Revidge rd., Blackburn.

Investments, Shares, Bcc. 1110 CAPITALISTS.—Required, Captalists with £lOOO and upwards, to form a LIMITED COM- PANY with £55.000 to take over and extend an OLD- ESTABLISHED IRON-FOUNDRY and MACHINE WORKS situated in Burg-Wupper (WESTPHALIA) Best prospects; Up-to-date Machinery; RELIABLE UNDERTAKING; Personally inspected.—For ticulars apply to A. HOWARD & CO., Financial Brokers, 35 DERONDA ROAD, HERNE BILL Lon- don.

MO CAPITALISTS. Required, SLEEPING PARTNERS with £3,000 to £5,000, for a sound and large MINING CONCERN in the BALKAN STATES; 6 per cent. interest GUARANTEED and secured by Mortgage. EXCELLENT PROSPECTS according to official reports. AMPLE SECURITY ; Genuine Investment; Participation in well-promising GO VERNMENT CONCESSIONS also granted. PROPRIETORS in a good position; GERMAN ARIS- TOCRATS with best connections.—For full particulars apply by letter to A. HOWARD & CO., 35, DERONDA RD., HERNE HILL, LONDON, S.E.

its/fOLSKINS, Stoats, Weasels wanted. Best prices 1 given per return.—l. COHEN, 137 Kingsland rd., London, N.

AGENTS Wanted quick Selling Door Bells, sells on Eight, free sampIe.—CEIEETHAM, Hadfield et., Oldham.

MILK.—WANTED one or two good dairies; must be refrigerated.—J. WARBRICK, 8, Beau Et., Liverpool.

ELECTRICAL AND MOTOR.—Engineer has vacancy for premium Pupil. All branches taught.—Apply WRIGHT, 375, Edgware rd., London, W.

WANTED, small Butcher's SHANDRY ; suit pony 12 hands; must be in good condition; rubber- tyred preferred.—JosEs, Butcher, Widnes. WANTED, Corn, Flour, Meal Sweepings.—Write, stating price. Large or small quantities.— HOLLAND, Crown Inn, Hills rd., Cambridge.

AGENTS and People with Spare time, to Sell Cycles, monthly plyments ; liberal commission.—BßlTlSll CYCLE MANUFACTURING CO., Berry st., Liverpool.

MOST genuine Agency, whole or spare time, easy work, unlimited profits, particulars stamped envelope.--FnaliKs. 8, Queen's Hall Chambers, Wigan. WANTED strong YOUTH (farm-work) ; good milker; also Girl (farmhouse work) ; state. wages.—JACKSON, Wherton House, Tideswell, Buxton.

REVERSIONS, absolute or contingent, wanted to purchase. Large sums preferred ; highest prices given ; quick settlement—Full particulars to GREEN, 31, Gracechurch st., E.C. AGENTS everywhere for high-grade Teas and Coffees; liberal terms; quality and price right.—Apply THE RYTAROMA TEA. & COFFEE Co., 2, Imperial Buildings, East Croydon, S.E.

A GENTS WANTED everywhere in British Isles.— Fitchalene Shells, Powder and Advertising Cards for Prevention of Damage tn Clothes from Insect, Pests. Fitch's Furniture Polish. Liberal commission.. Apply FITCH, LTD., Firelighter Manufacturers, Tam- worth.

CANADA.—NOW IS THE TIME TO EMIGRATE to be ready for the Spring rush. Quick passages. Warm welcomes. Strong demand for farm hands, men for railway construction, and domestic servants. Information and advice gladly given by LEONARD BENNETT, 8, King at., Warrington.

yOUNG MAN wishful to get a start as outdoor salesman is wanted locally by large firm ; appli- cants to be disengaged ; thorough coaching will be given and consequently no experience is necessary.— Apply with full particulars in first instance to GRBSIIAM PUBLISHING Co., 97, Bridge st., Manchester.

KNACKERS! KNACKERS ! ! KNACKERS! !‘! Best possible prices given for dead or worn out Horses or Cattle. Prompt removal on the shortest notice any distance up to 16 miIes.—JAMES TOOLE AND SONS LTD., Manure Manufacturers, Longford Works, Warring- ton. Telegrams, Toole Longford Works, Telephone 290.

EARNEST YOUNG MEN WILL FIND A USEFUL AND PROFITABLE SPHERE IN THE SERVICE OF THE , PIONEER LIFE ASSURANCE CO. Those resident in Lancashire, Yorkshire, Midlands, Newcastle, North and South Wales preferred. PARTICULARS POST FREE. PIONEER LIFE OFFICE, 67, DALE ST, LIVERPOOL.

MATERNITY NURSES supplied, from £4 4s.— TRAINED NURSES EXCHANGE, 4, Upper Baker at., London.

HAVE you any Foot Trouble? Write at once for our new book, no charge whatever.—HOLDEN BROS., 3, Harewood Place, Oxford Circus, W.

BACK AND KIDNEY PILLS.—` Purely Herbal ; ' 3 at bedtime; trial box post free, W.—HERBAL DISPENSARY, 72, Hineeston se., Birmingham.

pREMATURE Baldness, Greyness, Hair falling. 'Successful treatment. Genuine golden recipe, post free Is. Id.—Sims, Sydney House, Hudson st., Burnham, Somerset.

TAEAVII to Piles. Mother Parkson's Ointment is an absolute cure for that distressing malady. Cures while you sleep, large box is. post free. T. WILSON, Midland Laboratory, Hell,

STERME MARRIAGE: Its Causes and Curative Treatment. By a late Senior Physician to a Hospital for Women. A New Edition. Just published. Post free, 3s. 9d. SHELLEY and Co. (Limited) 38, Gracechurch-st. London.

6 RATS," the Corn Remedy, never fails to cure. A gentleman says: "I had six corns, and applied the cure for six nights; then put my feet in warm water, and they all came out by the roots.' 9d. in stamps, post free.—THß RATS' CORN CORE DEPOT, Newark •on-Trent.

p. URE BRED Buff Orpington and Indian-runner Ducks' Eggs, 3s. 6d. Sitting.—BOWATEß., Challock, Kent.

13URE AYLESBURY DUCK EGGS from splendid strain of birds, 2s. a doz —BAKER, Bugle Hotel, near Aylesbury. 1.4-IGGS from Pure Anconas excellent laying strain 124 3s. per dozen. GREENWOOD Roach Bridge, Small- bridge. Rochdale.

EGGS.—Pure Buff Orpington; good laying strain 3s. dozen; Post free, 3s. 6d.—Rev. HUDSON, Thursley, Gods!ming.

JOHN BLUN 1., Rostherae, Knutsford, can supply SITTINGS from his celebrated and prize wicning White Wyandottes and Buff Orpingtons at 3s. The prolific layers of large eggs. This year's chickens are showing great promisP. Inspection invited.

EGGS.—Eggs from magnificent white Leghorns, free grass range, grand laying strain; ss. sitting.— OA.SCOYNE, Standon, Ockley, Surrey.

EGUS Partridge Wyandottes ; the only fowls kept; wide gr,iss run; 2s. 3d. dozen, 2 dozen 4s. Od.—W. BYTHEWAY. Hillside, Cleobury Mortimer. BLACK WYANDOTTE EGGS from massive yellow legged, prize strain, 3s. doz. ; unfertiles replaced —ARTHUR HERDM AN, Alston, Cumberland.

lIOUDAN EGGS, from splendid layers; 3s. doz. or useful exchange; unfertiles repIaced.—STANI- FORTH, Niagara House, Wadsley Bridge, Sheffield.

0 RPINGTON Buffs 3s. 6d. doz. ,February. 174 EGGS from 8 Pullets; White (Cook-Bell's, strain) 4s. doz.;—EvBRALL, Pitchford, Shrewsbury.

NIINORCA-LANGSHfiNS, large flock, unlimited range. Selected eggs, 2s. doz., certificate; special terms for incubators.—HoLmEs, Goldhanger, Witham.

BUFF ORPINGTON EGGS, 35., 6d., 55., 7s. 6d., 10s. 6d. per sitting; unfertiles replaced; splendid winter layers.—Jong LOWE, Eltonhead Mall, St Helens.

INDIAN RUNNER EGGS (Cooke's strain) White Wyandottes (Cockerel direct from Goode's) 2s. 6d. sitting.—ELus, Cum Head, Church Stretton.

G S.—WHITE WYANDOTTES (prize laying .12.1 strain) 4s. 6d. dozen; Aylesbury Ducks (prize strain), Se. 6d. dozen.—Emds,Holly Hill, Blackwell, Bromsgrove.

WHITE WYANDOTTE EGGS, Payne's pedigree layers, unrelated cockerel, Hunters, clear replaced 3s. doz.—TURNER, Stoke rd.. Thomdon, Suffolk.

ANCONA BUGS from a grand pen purchased by me from Sykes; cock in this pen is a son of Sirdar. 4s. sitting, unfertiles replaced.—BßADLEY, Pentricb, Derbyshire.

pORE White Leghotn and Black Minorca EGGS, 2s. 6d. a sitting; S.H. strain; winners of over 100 firsts and specials.--J. S. FAIRCLOUGH, Whin-lane, Out Hawclifte, near Garstang.

TURKBY EGGS.—Grand Champion American Mammoth Bronze, Bd. each. Limited number. Strict rotation. Clear replaced.—AßTHllß HARWOOD, 91. The Grove, Hararnetsmith.

SITTINGS 35., Unfertiles Replaced ; Silver Wyan- dotte, Black Orpint ton, Andalusian, Minorca, Aylesbury Ducks, White Leghorn, Bull Orpington.— Miss TAWKE, Hackley, Essex. It/ R. R. TWIGG can spare Black MINORCA EGGS, LY from grand pen winners (Wilmot's strain), - unlimited grass run, ss. sitting; unfertiles replaced.— ALDERWASLEY, Wirksworth, Derby. IGGS, White Wyandottes, 35.. Gd. dozen. Simon i2A Hunter's Strain, 1907 birds. Barred rocks 2s. 6d. tested layers, typical birds, unfertiles replaced if retnrned.—ROßlNSON, Tarvin, Chester.

riGGS FOR SALE.—Black Orpington Eget; for 1-4 sitting, now reduced to 3s. and Gs. per dozen; unfertiles replaced ouce if returned.—FßANK G. FAIRHURST, Whitley, near Northwich. EGGS.—Mr. GILLINGWATER, Mount Pleasant, Lax - field, Suffolk, offers Houdan sittings, Gs. and 125.; winners many flrsts,specials; supply limited ; list other varieties, free. Numerous testimonials.

Eucts' White and Buff ORPINGTONS, Light and Red Sussex and Brown Leghorns—Birds bred only from tested layers-3s. 6d. sitting.—TOPHAM, Springfield Poultry Farm, Colgate, Sussex. EGGS, from splendid Black Minorca, Black, Brown, White Leghorns, Silver and White Wyandottes (Huntar's Cook's direct) 3s. sitting unfutiles replaced, broodies ,15.—GRERN, Five Mile House, Lincoln. ORPINGTON EGGS, from large typical birds. Black, Hunter's strain, White, Cook's strain, 3s. 6d. per 13; special pen Black's 55., unfertiles replaced.—Mrs GR A JINGER, Wennington, Rainham,Essex

S- ITTING EGGS, Prize strains, Black Minorcas, Buff Orpingtons, Indian Game, White Leghorns, Partridge and Golden Wvandottes, Houdans, 3s. dozen; carriage paid.-WksT, Gt. Elli ngbam, Attleboro', Norfolk.

EGGS for sitting, from grand pen partridge Wyan- dottes. cockerel winner reserve Crystal Palace and five lsts at different shows, only times shown, 10s. 6d. dozen; also White Wyandottes, Black and White Leghorns at ss. per dozen; unfertiles replaced once.—OWEN LINES, Yoxford Vicarage, Suffolk.

KING FROST, Artegas, Aughton, Ormsiork, can supply by return, Eggs from his grand Pen of White Orpingtons, Bells strain, also from his record laying White Wyandottes, mated with grand Cock Antbonys strain both breeds ss. (thirteen.) EGGS from good clear laced Blue Andalusians, bred -1.244 from prize-winners, mated with Cockerel (winner of three firsts at Whalley, Goosnargh and Garstang), eggs 2s. 6d. for 13; inspection invited.—WlLLlAM KENYON, Green Nook, Longridge, near Preston. VIARTRIDGE Wyandotte EGGS, Wharton's noted strain, beautifully laced, marvellous winter layers 3s. per doz., guaranteed fertile. Also eggs from grand pen of Buff Orpington's 2s. 6d. per doz,—DAvms, Bailiff, Home Farm, Stype Grange, Hungerford, Berks IOGGS FOR SITTING.—BIue Andalusians, Black Minorcas, White Leghorns, Houdans, and Indian Runner Ducks, 2s. 6d. Rose Comb Whites, Buff Orping- tons, Speckled Sussex, and Aylesbury Ducks' 25.—J. LYSOSS, 627, 13amfurlong, near Wigan. No Sunday business.

EGUS from prize Buff Orpingtons' including Ist Special Ravenswortb, large typical, even colour, rare specimens; also winning Partridge Wyandottes, headed by Ist Wellingboro' Cockerel, enormous size; beautifully laced, 4s. sitting ; unfertiles replaced.—E. WARD, Worl(sworth, Derbyshire. TURKEY & GEESE EGGS.—Magnificent American Mammoth Bronze Turkeys 7s. 6d. dor. Embden- Touloure Geese Bs. doz. Indian Runner and Aylsbury Ducks 4s. 6d. doz. All clears (if any) replaced free. Safely packed and prompt delivery guaranteed.—Miss EDITH W. WALTON, Ongar rd., Wet Brompton. PLY MOUTti HOCK EGGS horn Davonsuire.— Sittings from high-class Pen ; massive, finely barred Exhibition birds, cock, Ist Barnstaple, Special and Reserve for Cup, etc., 7s. 6d. doz., including photo and full particulars; unfertiles replaced ; limited supply; chicks booked at 12s. 6d. doz.—NORMAN HEARD, Orchard Hill, Bideford.

A NCONAS, Black Minorcas, Buff Orpingtons, White Leghorns, Brown Leghorns, Barred Plymouth Rocks; pure utility fowl, from renowned laying strains; selected by recording nests; prices, 13 egg 35., 26 eggs ss. 10d. ; unfertiles replaced.—EDMUND NIITTALL, The Poplars, Welshampton, Ellesmere, Salop. LIGGS for sitting ; White and Black Leghorns, White -CA and Black Orpingtons, Black Minorcas, Barred Rocks, and Aylesbury Ducks, at 2s. 6d. and 3s. 6d. per dozen. Unfertiles replaced once 6d. extra on rail. Cash w;th order.—At GIETHOORN'S, Marslarld-green, Astley. No business on Sunday. POULTRY and PIG FEEDING made PROFITABLE by using CELEBRATED FEEDING MEALS at qs. 6d. and 10s. per sack of 1801bs., sacks free, carriage paid within 22 miles radius of Manchester; cash with order.—PlLOT CATTLE FOOD COMPANY, 11, Chapman st., Hulme, Manchester.

ANOTHER REDUCTION IN EGGS from my noted strains; Light Brahmas, Dorkings, Faverolles, Houdans, Indian Game, Langshans, Leghorns (all varie- ties), Minoreas, Buff, Black, White Orpingtons, Buff Rocks, Golden, Silver, White Wyandottes. Ist pen 55.; 2nd pen, 3s. 6d. sitting ; reduction quantities; unfer- tiles replaced; satisfaction guaranteed; absolute bargains; no rubbish.---CLARKE, Bungalow Poultry Farm, Marden, Kent.

EGGS for Hatching at greatly reduced prices from highest class exhibition and utility birds; breeds, Buff and White Orpington's 155., 7s. 6d., 4s. 6d. : Minorcas, 10e. 6d., 4s. 6d.; White, Partridge and Silver Penoelled Wyandottes, Gs 6d., 45.: Black, White and Brown Leghorns, ss. 6d., 4s. ; unfertiles replaced; catalogue free; weekday inspection invited; 1,000 birds always on view; hundreds of prizes won in keenest competition all over the country by birds bred here.— Rev. NODDER, Ashover Rectory, Chesterfield.

EGGS for Sitting, Draper's Poultry Fartn.—Our stock is selected and bred from the best laying strains, giving geneial satisfaction whieh we shall do our best to continue. We offer eggs to the public from •the following pure breeds Buff and White Orpingtons, Barred Rocks, White and Partridge Wyandottes, Houdans, Black Minorcas, Black, White and Brown Leghorns, first cross Houdan and Barred Rocks, Houdan and White Leghorns, all eggs 2s. 6d. per dozen at home if packed and put on rail 3s.—Note the address, HENRY DRAPER, Newton rd., Lowton, near Newton-le-Willows. No business done on Sunday.

LONDON. W ILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTELS LIMITED. 34 TO 40 LUDGATE HILL ALSO AT 70, & 71, EUSTON SQUARE. HOME COMFORTS, CLEANLINESS AND QUIET CENTRAL FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE.

HARROGATE. HARLOW _MANOR HYDRO. STANDS IN ITS OWN GROUND OF SIX ACRES HYDROPATHIC INSTALLATION. NEW ELECTRIC LIFT. EXCELLENT CUISINE. SPECIAL SPRING AND WEEK-END TERMS. WRITE FOR EASTER PROGRAMME. Within 5 minutes' walk of Kursnal, Baths and Wells. 'Bus meets trains. TWO 18-HOLE GOLP COURSES IN NEIGHBOURHOOD. Telegrams "Harlow Manor, Harrogate. Tel. 1018. MISS OAKLEY, Manageress.

PRESTATYN.—Purnished, Unfurnished Bungalows Houses, Land, Let or Sale ; stamp.—INGLEFIELD, Agent Prestatyn.

QOUTH PORT.—Superior Public and Private APART- MENTS; near station and pier.—Mrs. BOOTH, 15, Avonclnle rd. 11Cp LACKPOOL.—PubIic and private APARTMENTS. Near sea, station, anausements.—Mrs. F. SMITH, 94, Albert rd.

BUSHBY CONVALESCENT HOME, sunny Hastings. Terms 14s. 6d. Cheap fares.—Apply W. MATTHEWS, See.

APARTMENTS, nicely situated, facing sea, near suttion and golf links.—" CLTTIIA; Rhosneigr, Anglesen, N.W.

ST. ANNES-ON-SEA.—Furnished HOUSE to Let, two sitting and five bedrooms; near station.-24, ST. AT.TIAN'S RD.

COLWYN BAY.—Furnished Unfurnished Houses, Apartments. Send stamp and requirements.— MELLOR and ALLEN.

LARE DERWENTWATER.—APARTMENTS or Board, _modArate t?rms.—GRAHAm, Glencoe House, Blencathra st., Keswick.

LLANDUDNO.—APARTAIENTS (Bpard if desired) Every convenience and very central. Terms low till August.—PRETORTA VILLA,

COLWYN BAY.—APARMENTS or Board. Electric light; large front lawn; near shore, woods, and shops.—PROPMETRESS, Kimberley Mount.

_LANDUDNO and NORTH WALES COAST:—For Ll° Furnished and Unfurnished Houses.—Apply M. RYAN, Estate Agent and Auctioner, Llandudno.

.t station; near woods; sea; promenade; Fairy Glen ; special low terms. Easter and Whitsun.—CHESTERLEA, Llanelian rd., Colwyn Bay

ILTOME for FEEBLEMINDED, or Epileptics; children from £4.5 per annum; trained nurse; country.-PRINCIPAL, Malvern House, Frankby,Cheshire.

COLWYN BAY.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, three minutes from station and shore. Electric light, piano, moderate. PERKS, Galen House, Penrhyn rd.

P and Private APARTMENTS, board if I- required.— HODGSOIi AND LEACH, 8, Molyneux Drive New Brighton (formeily of Todmorden and Drive,

MORECAMBE W.E.—Public and private APART- MENTS; good sea view; terms moderate.— Misses BROUGHTON, Graham House, 11, Windsor Terrace, Heysham rd. 111p1 RIGHTON.—SPLENDID RESIDENCE overlook- LIP unrivalled sea front 11 bedrooms; well fur- nished; ten guineas ' • unfurnished £l6O. Others £26 to £llo.—YouNGs, Auctioneers, Second Avenue, Brighton

PANTASAPH, North Wales.—Comfortable APART- AIENTS ; close to monastery, church and con- vent; beautiful scenery, sea and mountain air; accommodation motors, cycles; terms moderate.—Miss FAY, Bishop's House.

_ Partnerships, Businesses.

DO YOU WANT TO SELL your Business ?—lf so consult Mr. COWDELL, Business Agent, Legh st. Warrington.

CI_OOD Mixed BUSINESS for Sale, doing a nice AJI- trade; leaving through ill-health.—Apply 24, MARSH ST., Warrington.

SUNBURY on Thames to be let or sold, Small Shop Main rd., near Station in rising district, suitable for any trade. Rent £3O, Fieehold .£4OO, special terms arranged for opening.—KlNGswooD, Derby rd., East Sheen, S.W.

MONEY, LIFE INTERESTS, REVERSIONS, LEGACIES, etc., under marriage settlements or wills. Explanatory pamphlets free if required. Pur- chase and loans made from 4to 5 per cent. p.a. Con- solidations made of loans already existing on most advantageous terms. Interest can accumulate. No preliminary, fees. Immediate advances in urgent cases —Mr. PYKE, 31, Craven-st., Strand, W.C.

PROMPT PRIVATE ADVANCES FROM 220 UPWARDS ON NOTE OF HAND TO MEDICAL PRACTITIONERS, CLERGY- MEN, PROFESSIONAL MEN. The Titled, Landed and Official Classes can have their own Promissory Notes discounted by applying either. personally or by letter to N. STAFFORD, BOW CHAMBERS. 55, CROSS ST., MANCHESTER.

WIDNES. £5, £7, , £lO, £2O, £3O, £5O, £lOO. ADVANCES MADE PRIVATELY to TRADES- MEN, FARMERS, WORKINGMEN, and all Respectable Householders, on their own security, with- out delay, on our simple written promise to pay back. FAIR AND HONOURABLE DEALINGS. M. COWEN, VICTORIA CHAMBERS, WIDNES. FOOT OF THE CENTRAL STATION. MANAGER: JOHN E. GOODWIN, N.B—Warrington and Runcorn Applicant may receive Money any Evening at their own Homes.

, PRIVATE CASH ACCOMMODATION. £3 TO £lOOO. • BEST TERMS. LOWEST INTEREST AND REPAYMENTS IN ENGLAND. CASE! ADVANCES MADE DAILY on the following terms or as mutually agreed upon : £3 loan Is. Od. weekly I RIO loan 2s. 6d. weekly. £5 loan is. 6d. weekly £2O loan ss. Od. weekly. £7 loan 2s. Od. weekly £5O loan 12s, 6d. weekly. Other sums in same proportion. If you are in need of cash assistance you will do well to apply to me at once and I will advance you sufficient for your needs. Fair treatment and honest Lancashire dealings is my motto. Strictest privacy observed. NO FINES. NO SURETIES. Apply in confidence by letter or personally to M. SEFTON. , 31, CAIRO STREET, WARRINGTON. Miss C. COTTERILL (Manageress).

VALUABLE LEASEHOLD PROPERTY IN WARRINGTON. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION BY MESSRS. THOMAS SUTTON St SONS at the BLUE BELL INN, Horsemarket Street, WO' rington, on WEDNESDAY, sth May, 1909, at 5 o'clock p.m. precisely, Suhject to Conditions of Sale to be then read. ALL THAT SHOP AND DWELLING-HOUSE nov7 in the occupation of Mrs. William Davies situate le Lyme Street, Warrington, and having a frontage Lyme Street (including site of Passage) of about feet and also a frontage towards Horsemarket Street el about 18 feet. The premises are leasehold for the residue of a term of 999 years from Ist May 1872 at an annual Ground rent of .£2 4s. The property is situate in the business part ef Warrington near the Markets and is capable of ocar siderable development. For further particulars apply to the Auctioneers, Legh Street, Warrington or to: ROBERT DAVIES & CO. Solicitors, Market Place, Warrington.

1000 Cycle Air Tubes, with valve, 28 x 1, (WI 2s. 6d. ; wired on covers, 3s. 6d.; beaded edge-covers, 3s. 9d. All English make; no rubbish.-"' WATT§, & Co., 9, Nun at., Newcastle-on-Tyne.

, AGAlN.—Lady's Cycle, magnificent Covent i3l machine; very latest, highest grade, plated rlmjy rim brakes, ball free-wheel, all accessories ; Christmas; not soiled; guaranteed; no use to owner £4 10s. ; approval before cash.—K. STUCKEY, OakALM.J"` Clarendon rd., Weston-super-Mare.

MANDENI BICYCLE for Lady and Geat, Maket. Eadie & Co., Dunlop and Palmer Tyres the machine is in new condition been very little used, no', smarter Tandem in Lancashire; owner bought will accept £7 les., cost £23; no offers. S bg, • apointment or any evening after five.—Ro'sE MoZ:, Ormskilk rd., Newtown, Wigan. "e-

X h YULE Bargain to any one that wants a Gent's Hifri Grade Coventry Machine, new at Xmas, not use' six times, must be turned into cash, two best rio brakes, ball free-wheel, latest high grade, 1909 Coventry cycle, plated rims, best of all things, all accessories, Lamp and everything guaranteed, worth double' £3 12s. 6d., approval willingly before cash sent.—F.J. HANDO, 6, Southbourne terrace, Weston-Super-Mare.

YCLE.—Marvellous sacrifice. Gent's New vog Machinsahighest grade, fitted with Clincher tyre's Crabbe roller lever front and back rim brakes, the yell latest. Perry's ball-bearing free wheel, plated Anfl coloured centres, black enamelled and lined frame,wilu" uards ; magnificant machine, not soiled; compl_eta with gas lamp, bell, pump, spanner, &o,; £3 18s. tio•F great bargain, worth double. Will send on approval apl distance before cash sent.--AlliousE, St. Madge, Pit" man rd., Weston-Super-Mare

WHY PAY RENT when you may Purchase YO house house and insure your life eta little extra costr COVER-ALL POLICY. Including all Sickness and all Accident. REDUCTION TO TOTAL ABSTAINERS ON ENDOWMENT AND WHOLE LIFE POLICY. Send for particulars to the SCOTTISH TEMPERANCE LIFE ASSURANCE CO, 28, DEANSGrATE, MANCHESTER.

THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, APRIL 17TH, 1909.

ADVOCATE. e d LORD _ Ridiculed THE Quackery I .. ~.....-. Political po- ..,:epN-"' • - 7 ~... :,..:Vt,tt; 4: . , „:,:,.....:,,..E..,;,,i:.,.,:zi:,1,,,,,,J,".. ...,..it: ~,,,,...—.'''....,:,.i.::::.4.5i..i. :-... , '-wg.'....-: 1i...:: -..1.,,,,,,,,,.: .--,&' ..:t.*E.;eir4 • ;.:,.*,::::!.:.1i,.7.,:i ...i'4,,,,,,‘: ~", ~.,.:,:.:: :.••• .47..4',.....-........k:,7•:::: :.4': ...4 A l':*•':'f-Vi; ' l''. ' 44.' * ',.... ,Va. 4,*0-I*.• "' 4474,...4.- -: ,:.:-,..::.v.4::,:t .„.,..:--, • „:,,,,;koarit,swv , „.„........„,......... : • ..,..,..„.....,0„-41/4„ hiiiiiiitif.,:iir,!-:.72.,-,!;ou'ii.*-0::;;,:• TE .al n -OCA Libel n A-, great . Tr LORD ta g Th.- Values . .) .vp,E, d .Aia) in Mll. '' n Laud Hall' - speak 0 par 'll spe-: in - . who w 1 Demonstration"

-*4.• ° • ' • .• .t • • : . . ; 4f. " r

dt . IF PURE COFFEE Bears the Guarantee of Purity and Official Seal of the :Bait Paulo Government. If your Grocer does not stock • Fazenda. write to State of San Paulo (Brazil) Pure Coffee Co.. Ltd., 62, King William Street, London. Sd per lb Tin

4q...,-3,--. Z' ''''n.:•,..,.:'-' ..f: ''F,--:5 .11/41,;''1,r''; - • '' • - ; .:::, • ,TV, ;;;X,ll, Irt . 1,- '',4lVijlr ; :, , ,el ' . , ' , . ......, .. ' q,,',.,,m,M• , . . , , , ..i:,,i• :cw. .1 ~ it , I' E,,, , 1 a i., - . . ilz:: ~.... : .4i .4... ,„ '....tf, i.:51., ~ . a ~.. , : ....st h,rc...1".16,- ~. - " ';',. -.-:' p .4..,,, rth, • ~,,, il: 01 1, , :gli, , , , C o'l/4 A ~,_ ---,tw _.,-,v._:-,4-..„ 3, ,_ .%.- ~-, . ,t1.:;„4:‘,- 'Ar'.. '''' _...,L--:,,,_.,...--,..- „:......:.• sr-, _._ -:----='-- . _, - • -;,. •- - , ‘ "v416;..,:e, 4., ---...,-,-%.--- ,-... ---/-"" -- ---• "....4 ' -'4 ''— ' _ , . . ~. , i :0 . ' 'Terrible Suffering from Bad ~ . - e ~ • ------ i. i t "S.'Yk... '1*-C. ; _ i.‘„. .. Leg.—ln Hospital 3 times. . -,41".::, Ns\ ~. i ~ f Doctors said Amputation was ---,,• , 4: .2. AL .;-.4r.st. . ---,, ~, —l/4 , • • --- -- • r—t.... —•-• ...<••-•- i., 11 i.--/‘ the only Hope, but Zam-Buk ._ ---- ,•,.. , 5.- -- <I : r Healed and Saved the Limb. 1 10rm..... i Vv:-.•,,,,...: . . - , -:•... "T' IGHTEEN years ago," said Mrs. Toole, of 4, Orford St., , . - -- - - --Ii •-„, ,j.,,.....5t, 410, r;:,,w: f-' • Porthill, Staffs., to a "Crews Chronicle" reporter, "my legs became very painful and the veins much inflamed. Ulcers . formed on my right leg and one sore spread to another until my leg .t .. - from knee to foot was a mass of discharging ulcers. , 'Y' ' •e'o:'' '' ; "Adoctor gave me ointment and lotions.and I afterwards tried all , kinds of ordinary preparations; but my leg got so bad that I went _ tt.',.,__.-!•c , . into the infirmary. After lying on my back-for weeks in the _ .. - infirmary,undergomg special treatment, I was allowed to go home. "When I got home I was put straight to bed, and after another - private doctor had attended me without any good result, I was --- -•taken back to the infirmary. I had further special treatment, and - .....w...---- _"---' -, _------- was then sent home again, but in a little while I was back in the ____ infirmary a third time. I was told that mortification had set in, and ' that my only hope was to have the limb taken off. I was taken home . ij-, •\?,-,. -- , . % almost broken-hearted and haunted by the fear of amputation. • 1 MITIIII.I. • ~....: 1, ', . "It occurred to me that as I had often heard of Zam-Buk I should at least give that balm a trial before consenting th

FREE: A free sample will be sent to anyone who sends this coupon and id. stamp (for postage) to the Zarn-fluk Co., 0-•••eir Street. Leeds. Wnrrsgtcii nlzLiccr, JuLe 17th.

CONIMERCIAL FAlLURES.—According to "Kemp' 0 Mercantile Gazette," the total number of Commercial Failures recorded in England and Wales during 0,6 week ending Friday,. April 9th, was 159, viz. : Bankruptcy Proceedings published in the " Londoli Gazett*" 73; Deeds of Arrangement registered, 84; The respective numbers in the corresponding vreek 0' last year were: Bankruptlies, 101 ; Deeds of Arrange; ment, 87—total 188; being a decrease of 29. The tota,,, number of Commercial Failures recorded during the 1° weeks of the present year is 2,462 ; the total nuntbef recorded in tbe corresponding 15 weeks of last year we° 2,543, shfting.a decrease of 81.

"SANITAS DISINFECTANTS," FOR DISINFECTING APPLICATIONS of all sorts, including the sanitary care of kennels, stables, cellars, drains, sinks. cesspits, ashpits, hospital wards, ordinary dwelling as well as sick rooms, the treatment of refuse, and the purification of the air of banks, warehouses and public buildings, there are " Sanitas " preparations of various kinds speslially adapted to all the several purposes. The name or brand Sanitas " is the hall-mark of value for disinfectant and sanitary applianoes. " San Las" pampipat free on appilca Mit to THE "SastrAs "Co. LTD.) Llinehouse, Loudon, E

RECT FROM MANUFACTURER. Boots DI Specially for Postmen. As supplied to G.P.O. Boys', 6/- ; Men's,B/- Also Hand-Sewn Army Boots, as supplied to R.A.C.D., 8:9; Men's Strong Kip Derbys, Sercw-A and Stitched, 9,6. Cash with Order. St. CRISPIN CO-OPERATIVE PRODUCTIVE SOCIETY, LTD., RAUNDS, WELLINGBOROUGH.

INSTANT RELIEF RAPID CURE of GOUT AND RHEUMATISM by EADE'S PILLS AFTER 12 YEARS' SUFFERING! -- 27, Industry Terrace, Brixton, London, S.W. June 4th, 1908. Sir,—After suffering with Rheumatic G mit for about twelve yeirs, for over seven years of the time being under several doctors and for seven or eight weeks at a time in bed, I was advised to give your Gout and Rheumatic Pills a trial. I did so and am now NEVER WITHOUT THEN' if I can help it. I find two or three pills give relief in two or three hours. You are at liberty to make use of tcy testimonial in any way you like.—Yours truly, A, BURRIDGE. EADE'S GOUT PILLS Are perfectly safe in their action, eliminate all injurious matter, and are highly restorative. Sold everywhere in Bottles, is. lid. and 2s. 9d. or sent post free for stamps or P.O. by the Proprietor, GEORGE EADE, 232, Goswell road, London. EADE'S GOUT & R

. . These tiny Capsules relieve Kidney and Bladder Trouble t. promptly and cure in forty-eight • -.;••• hours. Each Capsule beors the lith name " Alidy.." Sold by all --: M..-Ii",- :'' .• Chemists, or post freo Cs. 6d., :t.tirt..i -.:' from •:, ~,. WILCOX. Sr, CO. 49, ITAYMARK F.T, LONDON, W. , -.........mm0rM0M1Cal ~...., ,A.Zr.,,,,•:::,,,i -,;„ .144'', 7 A Queslion for 4 .If. .A. .=•-- the Cook. Does she know that her cake, 1 —, and pastries will be daintier. ' more delicious, more diges ~t-tible, tible, and keep longer and ~..., $ fresher if made with '`k n IF fra F A n tel it BAKINC POViIEER P ,' ....1 , :-.............., ..- ~.., . .„,,,k.......„.„...k.,

FRUIT FARMING IN BRITISH COLUMBIA, CANADA. • If you want a glorious existence, a perfect climate and splendid returns upon a moderate capital, write for our Illustrated and descriptive Booklet " F." It's Free. McDERMID AND hicHARDY, 210, PORTAGE AVENUE, ' WINNIPEG, CANADA.

- ••. . -- -. r 4rAW' 4,.. :.... Established .11:,... 07 ' 50 Years. r-,f'lr,•'''"lll"..iA ..%-ir',71.1.7- • -.741 -...z.., , A r ~....5,:eye..ce...„1„,:tit.,...... . ,_ ... "Really 4., -Tlif • • 'Wholesome Confectionery" \:._ • —LANcer.— , A sweetmeat for all, and may be given i :with confidence to the youngest chilil: !., • 4.. in paper packets and tin boxes— ‘ t 4„... -......-, , • -- 1 ..,,,,,,, various sizes. ~citft. 04P•''.- ' .. Manufactory; London, w.c."::'-_;;;-1,,-.,.

Hear records by HARRY LAUDER on CYLINDER and DISC. Records of all the popular pantomime songs, "Rainbow," "Tiny Seed of Love," "Put me upon an island," etc. Hear the wonderful New Edison Record that plals over FOUR MINUTES. NOTE ADDRESS :- 76 SG 76A, RENSHA.W STREET, & 271, PARK ROAD, LIVERPOOL. lyal, end 431 s Royal.

SOUTHPORT. HAYES'S RESTAURANT , (KEPT BY OLD WARRI?.ZOTON PEOPLE.) 38, CHAPEL STREET. ESTIMATES GIVEN. CHOIR PARTIES, PICNICS &C., TESTIMONIALS FROM ALMOST EVERY TOWN IN LANCASHIRE. Telephone 0461 THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED RESTAURANT IN TOWN.

JOHN WALKER & CO., LTD. BEWSEY ST., WARRINGTON. PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS PROSPECTUSES & BALANCE SHEETS. CONCERT BILLS AND PROGRAMMES - INVOICES RULED TO PATTERN. Telephone 355 Y. "EXAMINER" OFFICE, BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON

FURNISH YOUR HOME TASTEFULLY AND SUBSTANTIALLY. An inspection of our stock will convince jell that comfort and taste in the furnishing of your rooms need not necessarily mean extravagant outlay. OUR FURNITURE PLEASES THE EYE. All goods sold by us are manufactured in factories under our own control and supervision, from exclusive designs. We can thus guarantee to our Customers a well made article of useful as well as artistic design and substantial manufacture. OUR PRICES SUIT THE POCKET. By controlling our manufactories we place the goods on the Market bearing one profit only—the goods going direct from us, the manufacturers, to our customer, the consumer—bearing only the one profit and not two or three as charged elsewhere. OUR EASY PAYMENTS SUIT YOUR INCOME Terms can be arranged RAILWAY FARE to suit convenience of customers. ALLOWED TO COUNTRY Discount allowed for Cash. CUSTOMERS. Carriage Paid to all parts SEND OR CALL FOR CATALOGUE. We will send you Free, hy post, or you can have on application, our large Illustrated Catalogue and Price List. It costs you nothing and will save you pounds. GLO E (J. R. GRANT, Proprietor), PEMBROKE PLACE, LIVERPOOL. GLASDOW-510 SAUCHIENALL STREET. BELFAST-38 & 40 RICH STREET. BLACKBURN—AINSWORTH STREET.

HERNIA.—Tho new Fluid Pad Truss never gets 115411' and is effectual in most difficult cases. For slight caos New Waterproof Washable Truss, which is always cle„, and most durable, is strongly recommendecl.—Wlll%t WRIGHT, Surgical Instrument Makers, 93, Renshaw "" opposite top of Bold at., Liverpool.
