===== 0002601_18940106_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
FULLER AND COMPANY. LIMITED, STOCK 13ROESITS AND DPALEhS, Z 4.018. 19, 20. and 21, MANSION HOUSE/ CHAMBERS, QUERN VICTORIA STREBT, LONDON. B.C. DEAL in every description of Stock Exchange Securities at closest possible prices, with cover from a Per cent. and reliable information through Agents in New riL aril Paris of probable course of Markets in all American and Foreign Stock• No • • tmairaisAion charged (except for investment orders.) _Settlements Daily, or for usual Stock Exchange Account -u4YB, Sr for one. two or Utica months, adoption ot clients. by A grand opportutiley at present moment tor snaking money dealing in Americans. P4Yrnents for or delivery of Securities ma4e through client's ikankep.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I L 201.)

===== 0002601_18940106_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
AT lON

GEDDIMS DANDELION C °FIE

The best and cheapest ever offered i.e the Public. Bold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canister ad., 10d., and ls. ad each. Wholesale by J. Glob= 6 Sas, Warrington.

THE XING'S SCHOOL, CHESTER. FOUNDED 1541. Head )faster: REV. J. T. DAVIES, • M.A., Late Scholar of Wadham Coll., Oxford. Assistant Masters: Rev. D. FALLE, M.A.. Clare C9llege' Cambridge. Rev. J. it. Fuller, M.A.; Clare College, Cambridge. Mr. T. IL EvA.ios, 13. A., late Scholar of Jesus College, Oxford. Mr. HENRY JONES, C.M. Rev. F. S. M. BENNhTT, 8.A., late Sckolar of Keble College. Oxford. Hut' D. DUNBEL. Sergeant-Major HANCOCK. The NEXT TElrvi begins at Nine a.m. on THURSDAY, the 18th day of January, 1894. Candidates for entrance to present themselves at Eleven a.m. Under 11, £8 per year. FIER : Under 16, £l2 Over 16. £l6 There are 27 Scholarships at ti:e School, exempting the holders from payment of tuition fees ; and 4 valuable Exhibi- tions tenable at the Universities. Preparation is g}ven for the Universities, Professions and Trade, Ix. Last year's successes include Three Open Scholarships at Cambridge, Open Exhibition at Oxford, and First Class London Matriculation. Boarders are taken by the Rev. 3. 11. PULLER. For Prospectus and information as to Boarders apply to the IlicAD MASTER. who may be seen ht the School on Wed- nesday, 17th Jan., from 11 to 12 o'cloek ;or to the CLERK TO TIER GITERNOSS. Mr. F. B. MASON, Selicitor,7, St.Werburgh- *tweet. Obaster.

ater-street. Lt •

INTENDI NG EMIGRANIS t.; NEW YORK, BOS- TON. PHILADBLPHIA SAN RAN Cif' CO, CANADA. CHINA. JAPAN. AUbTRAT TA or NEW ZBALAND, should take tickets at the LOW EST BATHS at 44-E, THE nIAMINER." OFFICE. WARRINGTON. By any of the above-mentioned or any other Thum. JOHN WALKER AND CO., AGMS.

NEW YEAR ! NEW YEAR!! A. CHOICE SELECTION of NEW YEAR'S CARDS,

HAND-PAINTED and others caa be IrAd at

T. CLARK'S, " EXAMINER" OFFICE, MARKET-ST.. EARLBETOWN. , A great variety of Christmas novelties in general, together with yearly Vohones, Picture Melts. AL

===== 0002601_18940106_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
RESPECTFULLY ANNOUNCE THAT THEM

ANNUAL

k)LEARANCE SALE

SURPLUS TOCK

Is No W BEING HELD,

AND WILL CONTINUE DIMINO JANUARY".

16 & 18 S .A‘ NKEY STREET,

WARRINGTON. °

ANNUAL WINTER SALE.

ANNUAL WINTER, SALE.

ANNUAL AVINTER SALE.

GOOD EVENIN G !

===== 0002601_18940106_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
HAVE YOU HAD A DRINK OF THE FAMOUS

TE IV-ITT" STOUT

T O-D AY ?

IF NOT, TRY IT.

ADDRESS-

RICHARD F.ORSHAW

, COLLINS GREEN BREWERY.

NEWTON-LH-WILLOWS.

PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT CO. UNDER THE CLOCK. 118, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. LADIES' GAITERS. LADIES' OVER SHOES. LADIES' EVENING SHOES. LADIES' SLIPPERS IN GREAT VARIETY. GIRLS' EVENING SHOES. GENTLEMEN'S GAITERS. GENTLEMEN'S LEGGINGS. GENTLEMEN'S DRESS SHORE. BOYS' DRESS SHOES. BOYS' LEGGINGS, THREE GOLD MEDALS AWARDED. TT U N DER THE CLOCK.

FARMERS' STORES,

WARRINGTON.

BUTCHERS' SHOP.

Country-fed Beef, Mutton, Pork, Veal, Lamb, to, of the Best Quality, at the Lowest Prices. Deliveries in the Country. FRUIT SHOP.

Fresh Supplies of Flowers, Fruit and Vegetables Daily. Wreaths, Bouquets, &e., made up ou short notice. All Orders receive Prompt Attention.

TUCK AND CO., Limited.

INDIA RUBBER PURE 'ASBESTOS GOODS.

LEATHER BELTING. Guaranteed quality. Lace, Thread, or Copper Sewn. or

CEMENTED ONLY. RONA FIDE MANUFACTURERS. 42, Chapel Street. Liverpool, Also et 35, Market Street, Manabester. London, Caro lift, Newport, and Duta4. LEATHER WORKS. LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTRIC BELLS

FITTED AND MAINTAINED TOWN OR COUNTRY. EXPIRY OF TELKPEIONE PATENTS. Telephones fitted in Mille, Workshops, Itc., at very low prioes. ESTIMATES GIVEN. We MORTON. ELECTRICIAN, 127, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

CITY OF LONDON TEA COMPANY,.

Sell the ntost Fragrant and Refreshing Tea. PRIORS AND SAMPLITS POST FREE.

ONLY ADDRESS 4

BIER-LA.NB, LONDON, B.C.

HOME MADE MARMALADE.

A DELICACY IN EVERY HOUSEHOLD.

COLLINGE'S SEVILLE ORANGE MARMALADE

BOLD BY /ILL GROCEB.S.-WOILKS EARLUSTOWN.

=1..„

OK*l.

4,' '. Ili! it,_ ~., .

I

===== 0002601_18940106_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEA SANT PARAGRAPHS.

A rxrrot boy asked his father what an employ- ment agent is, to which the old gentleman replied: "Why, my son, an employment agent ,is a man who is very anxious to get work for others to do. He himself never wants any." "So," said a lady recently' to an Aberdeen merchant, "your pretty daughter has married a rich husband." " Well,' slowly replied the father, "I believe she has married a rich man, but I un- dersta.nd he is a very poor husband." DOUGLAS JEuRoLD once boasted that a friend of his was the kindest-hearted man in the world. "Why," said the wit, " he is so kind-hearted that he would hold. an umOrella,over.a duck in a shower of rain."

_ A FATHER, who in his college days belonged to the base-ba4ll club, on being asked by his little son what the nine Muses were, replied : " My child, it is when our nine 'is beaten ma game of base-ball. Then the nine muses over it."

IT is reported that an actress in Boston was pro- mised a seal-skin cloak if she wouldn't speak for a quarter of an hour. She set her lips for silence, but at the end of a few minutes she exclaimed : "Mind you: It's got to be a two hundred and tifty dollar one !"

"My son," said a fond father to his little boy, whom he had been punishing by the use of the rod for the first time—" my son, I hope this has taught you a lesson." "Yes, pa," the little boy sob- bingly replied ; "it's talgi.t me that it's better to give than to receive." A LADY of great accomplishments -visiting a man of wit, was much pleased with the display of his talents, and complimented him on them at her de- parture. " Madam,' replied the bard, modestly, " I am only an instrument, and you have shown your skill in playing on me." A FASHIONABLE lady, whose position' in society had been but recently attained, in boasting of he:. new residence remarked that the windows were all of stained glass, whereupon her honest old mother exclaimed: "Why, that's too bad ! It jurct spiles everything! But, won't soap an' iurpentine take the stains out ?"

A CRUSTY old curmudgeon, who was laughing over something in his newspaper, being reproached by his wife for not reading it aloud so she could share in the enjoyment, testily said: "0, fudge, my dear; a thing that's funny enough to make only on laugh would be dreadfully stupid if divided between two."

AN impudent fellow seeing a young lady in a store, bowed, smirked, and said : " liexcuse me, but I think I met you hat Saratoga last summer. My name his Moses." " Indeed !" responded the lady, sarcastically. " Well, I cannot recall your face, but your nante is familiar ; " and she left him pondering.' A :JAN- wam taking aim at a hawk that was perched on a tree near his chicken-coop, when his little (laughter exclaimed: "Don t take aim, ! Let it go off by accident." "Why so?" asked the father. "'Cause every gun that goes off by accident always hits sometbing," explained the

A FASHIONABLE lady at an art exhibition severely criticised a painting to one of the artists, who finally told her that he painted the picture himself. 'Wishing "to make things all right," she soothingly said: "0, you mustn't mind what / say. lAm no judge of pictures at all. I only just repeat wt everybody else says, you know !" Poou young artist (displaying a picture)—" That is an exact copy, madame, of Raphael's Madonna, which, you will remember, sold for ,E 25,000. Madame—" And how much do you ask for this picture ?" "Ten shillings and sixpence." "What is the cause of such a difference in price ?" "Com- petition. madame. The business is not what it used to be."

MR. BRowNE, an Irish member, gravely stated in the House of Commons one night that "the Protestant landlords got their lands, subject to tithe, before there were any Protestants at all." This is as good as the " fact " mentioned by the old beef-eater in the Tower, Who, while exhibiting a curious old pistol, declared it to have been made before pistols were invented.

ONE wet, miserable, foggy London day in autumn, Charles Lamb was accosted by a beggar woman with "Pray, sir, bestow a little charity upon a poor destitute widow woman, who is perish- ing for lack of food. Believe me, sir, I have seen better days." "So have I," said Lamb, handing the poor creature a shilling; "so have I; it's a miserable day ! Good-bye! good-bye !" PA: "I do not like that young man and wish he would keep away." Daughter: "Hei does not come very often." "Very often? He is here nearly every evening, and sometimes in the after- noon." "But, pa, he nevei comes in the morning." "No : I wish he would." "You do ?" "Yes. If he could once see you in the morning he would never come again." IN his latter days, Macklin, from the lair•uor of age, found that he could not call up the violence of passion necessary to five Shylock with due impetu- osity; and it is said that when on the point of rushing on the stage he used to call to the prompter, "Kick my shins! kick my shins !" hoping that the physical pain would supply what was wanting. This is quite characteristic of Macklin.

Qutex entered the kitchen of an inn at Sheffield and walked up to the tire, where a goose was roasting. When he was gone, a countryman who had been eyeing him intently asked the landlord. "who that comical little chap" was. The land- lord told him ; on which the countryman, slapping his thigh with great knowingness, said to a cora- paation, "Dom it, I thowht he was a player. Didn't ye see how he eyed the goose ?"

A COUNTRY clergyman was one day catechising his flock in the church. The bedral being some- what ill-read in his " Carritch," thought it best to to keep a modest place near the door, in the hope oi escaping the inquisition. But the clergyman observed him, and, divining his object, callect him forward. "John," said he, "what is baptism ? " "Om, sir," answered John. sci atching his head, "ye ken, it's just saxpence to me, and lifteenpence -to the precentor." _ _ _ _

"DON'T you call this rather muddy ?" asked an English traveller of old Hi Stoga, of Tip Up Junc- tion. " Well, yes," said Hi, as he scraped the mud from his boots with a chip; "this is muddy, but it's nothing to what I saw down on the Twenty- mile Creek, when I was running a mill there. Why, I've hauled logs there with oxen, when all you could see of the cattle was the tips of their horns sticking up through the mud." The English- man silently went on his way. "0. B. GRIGGS, of Bridgeport, desires to tender his thanks to the choir at Plainfield who so kindly and satisfactorily sang at the funeral of his mother- in-law." Mr. Griggs is said to be a good citizen. We have no doubt of it; but there are a great many hardened wretches throughout the country who would be glad if their mother-in-law would give them the opportunity to thank choirs for singing at their funeral.—From the Plainfield (Intl.j Pr 9 greas. A FEMALE teacher was on very intimate terms with the male teacher in the same school. He was

ea the habit of strolling into her room during the

. recess, and chatting with the object of his affec- tions. His name was Smith. One day the lady teacher endeavoured to make the class comprehend the omnipresence of God. She explained to them that God was everywhere. 'Now, my dear chil- Airen, suppose you all go out of this room, except myself, and I stay in here. Am I alone ?" asked the female teacher. "No," exclaimed one of the little girls, " Mr. Smith will be with you."

A PERSIAN author relates that a lover was searching every piece for a good physician to prescribe to his mistress who was ill. He met a person who possessed a talisman which enabled the possessor to see ghosts. On looking in it, he saw crowds of ghosts go about the door of one physican, who had formerly been his patients; several others though not so many. about the door of another doctor; at last, at one door he saw only a single _ghost. He immediately called on the doctor, and with many compliments to his skill and superior practice, desired his advice. "My superior practice," cried the doctor, "why, I never had but two patients in my life." TFIE intasina:LiVe Smith— ''Hark, how jolly that singing sounds on the river over there 1 What a difference water does make to the sound of music." The fl ppant Jones— " Yes, but I find .vilisky and water makes more diKereuee still."

PAIN KILLER" CAME '3 L'T Gez bottle to-da.y cf ; Iv 73 PERRY DA-gas small PAIN KILLER. Pid A.Cts di.-tl5 on till Small seat of PaiA 01,ed Dose cDll3,c-riglsaied- echo. • ,a.,u p und anyzal Pa:r. in *he Stanach, Price Colie, Di a rrhasa, I Forty in , Cholera, rk.,. . SwYar Coateu. Sold by all Cheroots az Iliand2. 9. Avoid Pare.,/ Vegetable all. imitation% under Cure Torpid Liver mialmchn: name,. Without Fail 1.4' AIN KILLER Chem.,:tz: ye.

arrest the prowess c7f decav,ltarden loins, and impart a delightful fragrance to the breath. AU Clicaii,ts sell it. 5.0

PIUS. BET 1.1 Ft.. 1-, -4,7• ~ ▪IR • t'v• timely 0: I:Lac Llevs.,.it IWE aromatic R.c....11 SO7ODON' a Vial which will srrce

===== 0002601_18940106_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
. . , . . . . , _. • .. . , . . ------:, -- -.- , .. . , . . . • ''''..,..1i....(--,- ' ''' ~. • `:-..,', ~.....:--,. •-'. ' ,_ ‘,, „..,... - '. ,- _.-,- ".-..7":-. ~ ... ~,,. ' , .., ... __",, ,- .... ','-,-,-;'..- , '- ' - ' - ' - ~,,,,,,,10,,*„.,,,, -

"CAPITAL " CHAT.

It must not be imagined that the latest Anarchist pronouncement, that " all means, however desper- ate, are justifiable " in order to accomplish what is described as " the emancipation of labour throug:lout the world," commands the sympathy of a united Anarchist body. The authors of this pronouncement themselves admit that it is well to " subordinate " the idea of force, whilst the econ- omic Anarchists denounce the idea with relentless vigour, and announce their intention to oppose it with all the power at their command. They held aloof from the recent conference at which the An- archist Communists formulated their pronounce- melit, though they had originally intended taking part in it. They now meditate a conference crt their own, and at this conference they will com- plete arrangements for an active propaganda, one of the purposes of which will be to convince audi- ences in all parts of the kingdom that Anarchism is an econ3mic faith which does not require the support of eutrage. ,

The report of the French pisciculturist M. Jousset de Bellesmas deserves to be carefully studied by those who wish to increase the numbers of edible fish in our inland waters. It is a i:eport remarkable for its singleness of aim. M. de Belles- mes simply desires to propagate fish which would furnish delicate food. Our own pisciculturists are too often distracted between the wish to provide food and the wish to provide sport. Thus they pour trout into waters teeming with coarse fish, with the result that most of the trout succumb in the struggle for existence. Coari.e fish give humble anglers in the neighbourhood of large towns infinite pleasure, but there is no reason why edible fish should not more assiduously be cultivated in remoter waters. Then, again, M. de Bellesmes has been active in promoting the acclimatisation of new species and varieties, and seems to have been parti- cularly successful with Californian salmon. Here, since the introduction of the black bass some years ago—and we hear little of that fish nowadays,— our pisciculturists have been singularly languid in making these useful and inieresting experiments. It should, however, be added that both in France and America pisciculture is regarded as Govern- ment business, whereas with us—exqp.pt as regards the inspection of salmon rivers—it is left to the desultory efforts of individuals.

The "1131 y carpet " of the mosque at Ardebil which is one of the finest of the delicate velvety piled goat hair carpets made in Persia during the sixteenth century, is exhibited now in the first division or compartment of the gallery connecting the Indian art and scientific apparatHs collectiou at South Kensington Museum. It is a pity that this exceptional example of beautiful pattern, de- sign,and blending of colour is so far removed from correspondingly important type specimens of in- dustrial art which are in the main buildings of the South Kensington Museum, on the other side of the rcad. However, the carpet will be well lighted in rh-e place it occupies, and capable of yielding valu- able lessons t) those who want them, though many visitors to the South Kensington treasures will have some difficulty in running it to ground in the laby- rinthine corridors constituting the larger part of the Museum premises. The name of the weaver, " Nlalcsoud, of Koshan," and the date All. 046 (A.D.

1540), are woven, with an inscription, in a panel to- viarCs the centre of one of the narrower ends of tile carpet. The Museum authorities found £1,750 of the purchase money, amounting to £2.500, mud the balance was subscribed by Mr. Franks, C. 8., Mr. StenkopiT, Mr. Wm. Morris, and others.

Truly, Libour is king. Here we have a sprig of " Our Old Nobilitee," Lord Willoughby, desperatel., endeavouring to persuade the electors of Horncastle that he is their true and only friend. His support- ers have facetiously dubbed him " the popular candidate,' and he is in line with the hated and re- viled Newcastle pr•gramrne in almost every parti- cular— with a difference which the toilers ot Lin- colnshire cannot fail to perceive. Lord Willoughby loves parish councils—he has always believed in them—but he objects to some points in the Govern- ment Bill, and he, therefore, cannot support it. All the Tories are obliged to be hypocritical after this fashion. I hey favour every one of the Liberal re- forms in the abstract. They obstruct the effort to put them into practice in the Commons : and wb.it: obstruction tails, they reject them or render them worthless in the House of Lords, where Toryism as it really is cannot help displaying itself.

Mr. Knatchbull-Hugessen's new year has not be- gun happily. He has read Lord Willough hy's elec- toral address. The plain truth is that the Tories occupy an indefen.tible position, and they know it. Good, honest, robust,uncompromising Conservatism of the type of professed by Mr. Klldtabull-Hugeo- sen and Mr.S•Ainley Leighton can be readily under- stood and appreciated. But the piebald Radicalism of the lip which passes muster as Toryism in thy constituencies is entitled to neither respect or sup- port. No man, no matter how stupid, ever started off on a career of humbug without finding some oelievers. There are very many able men engaged in propagating the present Tory humbug. They may be more or less successful for a time, but trut will eventually prevail. Unhappily, no useful pur- pose would be served by getting Lord Willoughby to give us his idea of what a Pari:h Councils Bili ought to be. He does not know.

Sir Isaac Holden is not the inventor of thq lucifer match. So he gracefully acknowledged it; t t.e course of the interesting little speech which b. delivered in reply to the congrautatory address pre- -tilted by his constituews at Oakwortb, last Satur- day night. Sir Isaac at one time thought that he tiro-1 a prior claim to the simple and useful inven- tion, but he became convinced ball-a-dczen years ago that the credit was not bH. It is satisfactor) to team that the .veteran Radical appeared in his health and sprightly spirits, lie is not the least smong the grand old men whose vitality amo energy are the wonders cf our generation. Ma ti-e brave old baronet lung continue to \Tot thily present the progressive Rid;ralisui of Keighley

I hear that it has been arranged to have the pro- posed debate on the Featherstone report, ..he day succeeding the end of the Committee stage of the Local tiovernment Bi and preceding the repor stage. The resolution which is to be moved will, I hear, not directly challenge the report of the com- mission. It will declare in giving favour of giving just and reasonable compensation to the families of the men who were killed. This will so far lead to a general debate, and must of course raise the ques- tion of tle justifiability of the proceedings whici led to the death of the men concerned, Tile rest-- !u: ion is to be moved by Mr. John Austin, and whip will be issued to the Radicals in the House ih support of it.

During the year tilt i .p..st past innumerable " records" have been made in cycling, but the con- ditions have varied ro much in recent seasons— particnlarly with regard to tyres, banked up cor- ners on trucks, and pacemaking—that the times interest few people except the makers of. machines, and the so-called amateurs whom they have in their pay. In amateur athletics little has been done a. in record breaking, the only two instances being when E. C. Bredin ran 600 yards in lmin. 11 2-ssec and when C.E. Willers covered four miles in 19min. 33 4-ssec. In the first case the gain was only a traction of a second, but in the second a substantiat advance was made on W. G. George's previous]) best time of 19min. 39 4-ssec. C. B. Fr', of Oxford University, who had before beaten the English amateur record for a long jump,tied with an Ameri- can athlete in a world's record of 23t1, 601. The -Oxford and Cambridge boat race was rowed in IBmin. 47sec., and this is no less that 34 seconds better than any tune previously recorded. .1. IL Tyers swam 100 yards in lmin, 4sec. ; and this is also a record.

A three-year-old filly named Dornroschen. carry- ing nearly the top weight in a tolerably lsrge fir Id won the :Nottingham Handicap in lmin. 36A-sec.,and no horse of any age or carrying any weight has ever galloped a mile so fast either in England or America. It is worth while mentioning, as showit4; how untrustworthy times are in horse-racing, that Dornroschen was by no means a first obi s animal ; and Raeburn, himself a little below t, e highesl rank, was able to give her about two stone. Though the summer was unusually fine and dry, cricket grounds were often cracked, crumbling, or uneven, and so few cricket records were made. The Australians scored 84; against the Past and Present of Oxford and Cambridge. and this is the highest score made in first class cricket in England, but the Universities were represented by a very poor eleven Also A. E.Stoddart scored 195 not out and 124 for Middlesex v. Notts.

SHE USES THE RIGHT SoAp.--11wison's Soap saves ler e1,41_ es. Anyt.hing washed with ligthon's Soap is thorougl ly w,3l.ed. therefore rernains;mlich ,nrr clean.—A 4pure Dry S),ip in lige powder.— Adi c . (1

THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, JANUARY 6. 1894. LADIES' LETTER.

A custom which extends all over JApan is that of tak- ing your " boy " with you when you go out to dine. He waits at table and performs any needed service as if he belonged to the house. Lady Griselda Ogilvie, sister of the Earl of Airlie, is going through a course of training in Edinburgh to qualify for a nurse. She is at present a probationer in the Children's Hospital. The following notice was posted up on a French pleasure-boat :—" The chairs in the cabin are for the ladies. Gentlemen are requested not to make use of them till the ladies are seated."

It is said that Edisan, who is not a man to be influenced by any sentimental considerations, has the highest opinion of women workers, ancfl employs them in his laboratories and workshops wherever possible. A young woman in Covington, Kentucky, is dying because she can't stop laughing at a joke cracked at the dinner table. Miss Pruett, of Philadelphia, died recently by bursting a blood-vessel while laughing at a witticism. A funny story is told of Miss Fortescue in regard to the first time she played Juliet in London. The fair actress possesses beautiful eyes,but they are shortsighted ones, and she cannot see beyond the second row of the stalls. On this p4rticular night she got so excited in the poison scene, that she actually threw the phial at the head of a well known critic seated in the stalls.

Mdme. Carnot strives to be the best-dressed woman in France, and with Felix, her favourite couturier, she has frequent consultations. Her desire to be well dressed in not a passion for dress, but a wish to do everything is keeping with her position. She might Ise pedantic, for her bookiearning is marvellous,but she is very unaffected. Not a Frenchwoman understands better than Mdme• Carnot the political situation of E•irope, and not one devotes herself more sincerely to the welfare of France. Sarony, the great New York photographer, says that 13ernhardt's figure is " not the apothesis of per- fection," but as an artist lie wa4 "charmed with her pulchritudinous personality.'" As if this were not ssartling enough, there is "a sinuous grace in her move- ments, a Hogarthean curve in her poses." Wishing to photograph Bernhardt as Leah, Sarony requested her to expose her bare feet. "She had on stockings with fingers for the toes," he said, "but I would not have them,"

To Clean Burnt Saucepans. Half fill the saucepan with cold water. Cut into the cold water a piece ot soap the size of a walnut.put on the lid and lot the saucepan stand whc,re it will boil gently for an hour ; let it get rather cool before cleaning,then take a scrubbing Crush, scrub well, rinse, and dry in the usual way.

Rabbit Pudding. Line a pudding-basin with a crust made with two ounces of dripping, chopped into six ounces of flour ; Cu! into neat pieces half a pound of pickled pork or bqcon, lay two Qr three pieces at the bottom of the lined pud- ding basin. Cut the rabbit, when well washed, into neat joirts ; lay on the bacon. When all the rabbit is in, put in tne rcnnainder of the slices of pork, with a tea- spoonful of chopped parsley and onion, pepper, and a heaped tablespoonful of flour ; till up with boiling water, put on the lid of paste, tie a pudding-cl,th over the top, set in a saucepan three parts full of boiling wate '- boil three hours ; serve in the basin.

Double Knitting for Boy's or Girl's Scarf. Cast en any even number of stitchos, allowing two or three stitches at fiach end of the row for cage stitches, steel needles, and any soft, pretty-coloured wool that YOU may fancy. Cast on twelve for the pattern, four extra for the edge stitches ; the first two rows plain knitting, third row knit two plain.knit one, putting the wool twice round the needle instead of once, bring wool forward as though you were going to purl, slip the stitch put the wool tack. Knit one, putting the wool twice round the needle ; repeat to thz, end of the twelve stitches, knit the last two plain. Third row, knit twt plain ; knit one, putting the wool twice round the needle, bring wool forward, slip the stitch, allowing the extra lo,:p to Shp off ; put wool back, rr.peat to end ot row ; every row is the same. When the right length knit two rows plain and cast off loosely. For a boy,make a fringe by putting two 4-inch lengths of wool into every stitch of the commencement and finish of scarf. For a girl, take a crochet hook, pick up all the loops on to a double strand of wool, draw them all together and tie securely. Crochet six chain and make a tassel at the, end by winding the wool round a 3-web length of card- board, slip it off at the twentieth round, pass the hook through, fasten at the top and then round the middle to make a tassel.

A Small Income.

To manage a small income well, it is quite as neces- sary to give thought aad care in order to spend well, as it is to give thought to saving. The less money we have the more we need to get the most out of it, and the more we ought to be afraid to buy cheap things because they are chcap. Because we have little to spend, we ought to pause, consider and reflect before we lay out even a penny, so that. we may lay that penny out to the best advautog, on this account it is a help to go to a good shop, and also to buy of such things as will keep, a quantity at a time, and not in small parcels. It is par- ticularly hard, that the people who have the least money . usually pay the highest price for the things they bay, and because they buy in driblets they get goods of infer- ior quality. If you could imagine such a thing as that a housekeeper had to buy a pound of tea in farthings' worths, we might be perfectly sure that she would pay fully twice as much for it as if she bought it by the pound. By all means, therefore, a mother who has to practice strict economy should try to arrange her pur- ChASPS so as to buy in quantity (of such things as wi t keep), and to buy of good quality. Also sue should determine not to give way to prejudice, and fancy that everything that is new is poor. There are in these days new ways of living, new sorts of food, and new methods of cookery, to be met with 'An all sides, and the only persons who will never gain any benefit from them are the persons woo scorn them and need them most- The problem of " How to Manage on a Small Income " is a very difficult one ; no one knows how difficult it is excepting those who have tried it. Also the most valu- able suggestions on the subject are to be gathered from those who have learnt from experience. It is well worth while, therefore, when we have the opportunity, to study carefully the methods which have been adopted by people who have mastered the problem. Fortunately in this instance actual experience can be studied by all. " Cassell's Book of the Household."

RUPTURE CURED.—S. J. SHERMAN, Hernia Specialist, 64, Chancery-lane, London. sends his book on rupture post free. Branch Chambers, 26, King-st., Manchester.—Advt.

A coroner's jury at Burnley on Tuesday returned a verdict of illul nwder against a fact)ry operative named Slater, in connection with the death of his wif. from terrible injuries on Thursday last.

THROAT IRRITATION AND COUGH.—Soreness and dryness, tickling and irritation,inducing cough and affecting the voice For these symptoms use Eppa's Glycerine Jujubes. In con- tact with the glands at the momer,t they are excited by the at of sucking, the Glycerine in these agreeable confections becomes actively healing. Sold only in boxe.. 7i!id., tins Is. Id.. lapelled " Jemss EPPI & Co., Ltd., Homceopathle Chemists.*London," Dr. Moore, in his work on " Nose and Throat Diseases," says "Tbe .Gly,erine Jujubes prepared by James Epps and Co.. are of undoubted service as a cura- tive or palliative agent." wl,:ile Dr. Gordon Holmes, Senior Physician to the Municipal Throat and Ear Infirmary,writes: " Atter an extended trial. I have found your Glycerine Jujubes of considerable benefit in almost all forms of throat

T E A S,

OUR ;SPECIAL BLENDS AT 1/7 AND 21- PER LB.

DelivereA File by our..own;Van.s in Warrington. Widnez, Leigh, Atherton. Tyldesley, and

Districts.

Write for Samples and particulars to

THOMAS JONES, AND Co.,

LIMITED. • 9TII 1 rARKER STREET

LIVERPOOL.

:,AAP Z"7

pressed, gleaming light in his eyes. "On the slightest provocation I will challenge the man you love to mortal combat," he cried, fiercely, "and he shall kill me—or I shall kill him." With those words he turned and left her, and she had cause to remember them until the day she died.

"He is no gentleman who dares threaten a lady I" cried an angry voice from behind ; but Captain Lansing paid no heed save to quicken his pace. He recognised the voice as Rutledge Chester's, and he knew if he paused a single instant there would be a tragedy at the fete. "Pardon me, Verlie," cried Rutledge, coming hurriedly up the path and taking the little, trembling, ice-cold hands in his as he bent over her; "I was coming up the path, and I could not help overhearing that cowardly remark. Think no more of it, I beg you." The lovely dimpled face, was as white as the snow-white blossoms she wore on her breast, and the lovely blue-bells of eyes were swimming in tears.

She was trembling so violently he clasped her little hands still closer and drew her down the rose-bordered path to the rustic seat beneath the magnolia tree, and seated her upon it. "You sent him away, Verlie. Was it because you cared for any one else ?" be whispered, cling- ing firmly but gently to the little white hands that were struggling, like fluttering, imprisoned birds, to free themselves from his clasp. But she did not answer him. He could see a burning flush creep over the girl's beautiful, dimpled face, and a strange thrill shot through his heart. Was Heaven to give him the desire of his heart at last? he whispered to himself. "Look up into my face and tell me if it is so, dear," he said, gently, "and that will give me hope.'' She attempted to fly from him in pretty, girlish confusion and dismay. She would not look at him —no, that she would not for worlds—for he would be sure to read the secret of her love for him in her eyes. "My timid, beautiful Verlie !" he cried, holding the lii.tle hands fast, despite her pleadings that he should release her at once, for her guests would miss her.

"I shall not release you until you have answered my question, dear," he said, his voice thrilling with eager expectancy. "Was it because you cared for some one else—for me 1"

Only the night winds and the handsome, happy lover knew her answer; but it must have been satisfactory, for the old, old story was told again that young hearts always respond to and old hearts remember with memories tender —the story of love's young dream. When Rutledge parted from Verlie that night he raised her white hand to his lips, whispering, tenderly : "Heaven has granted me the one yearning desire of my life, Verlie ! You love me! You are to be my bride !" Flow little either of them dreamed what the dark future held in store for them, or how it was to end! Ah if they had but known, how much misery might have been spared them!

CHAPTER XXVIII.

THE RIVAL LOVERS.

"The desire of my heart is granted, Verlie," said Rutledge Chester, tenderly. "You have promised to be my bride, but there is one promise I must exact of you, and that is, that you will, from this time forth, discourage the attentions of Captain Lansing." "You must not commence by being jealous of me," said Verlie, with an irresistible pout of her rosebud lips. "I —could not endure a jealous lover." "I am jealous, my darling. I cannot help it," he declared, frankly. "Jealousy runs in my blood. It is the curse of the Chest&s. It has always been a matter of life and death with them. It has caused duels bitter and fierce. But there, I must not frighten you, my darling." "You must trust me, Rutledge," returned Ver- lie, earnestly, "because lam betrothed to you. I cannot be rude to others, now can I?" "If you smile upon any one save myself I shall feel !ike taking you away from him instantly," he said. "I could not bear to see that kind of thing going on. I should long to take your hand before them all, and say : She is mice. Flatter, woo, covet as much as you will, she is mine; you have not the least chance of winning her.' I have a special aversion toward Captain Lansing. If you wish to please me, Verlie, do not dance with him again to-night." "I think I may safely promise that, for he left me in anger as you came up, you know. lam quite sure he has left the villa." "So nmch the better," declared Rutledge; but his satisfaction was premature, for, raising his eyes, he saw the captain hurriedly approaching, his face quite as calm as though nothing out of the order of events had transpired. He had fled from the grounds in hot haste; but as he reached the arched gateway he experienced quite a revulsion of feelings. "Why should I leave the field so completely to any foe?" he asked himself, fiercely. No, he would not. Vedic, had refused him. Still, "faint heart never yet won fair lady." He remembered. Verlie had promised to waltz with him. Why not claim it in spite of all? With the impulsive captain, to think was to act. He turned on his heel and sauntered back in- to the grounds again, searching eagerly among the merry, chattering throng for Verlie. At last he beheld her standing under a blossoming magnolia tree.

rif) (). I 0 r)e5.40tti55,,,,.e.: l'e , V ,-,:.,... . - t„.\ \ 0,-,twP :. 't —1 • 1 'Zi,,,,,, \ 9 )4t, 1 &,,,. ... and t: ~,, . -4...',1 • I , --...3' ~, t":'"';';-sz•-•: pvip tbe Quail .;.: cf .«.1',.;-:::". TCIS% t 5 uorivailgcl

1 .red,l/4.17_,,,,,,,:c7,1,,,,4,,i;24. )744 I I ;1I i IlitiPll. , . s :,, 1 'll,ll up 11 '.i.':' ~ A i‘i\i-rp4.>-1.1t,p14i,;, -i- •!'. i, 1,1, ,/ kim qt._,,,,',110t,„f. .I,:r. i„,47., •li • .--" 1.0 i',164.; •••,!#,. ~,0.,,,..- ,k,,,,,. 1 pio i.„4„,,'"AiiilAi` ''' -8 ' v., ~, ••:-- ', . l'i I\k\.l ~.\ll IpriViis: • 1 ~I;o:i.lti 4; 'A, tIA, '`,. ‘1,4••• 1, i't.i V, 1 .41,--1.,,i)-",;(8',;'71'-`44-t''''' ' t;l4.'" , ' iril As -44, ,Ardljp,4l lii 1„1,\, \\ \ • fili t 40.11 i I /4041 ,t. it fi Ar, .11 r'ilV,(ll;l4i 11\101 ' 11,1*. [I tql! ili ,i ti I 111 1 i'l .1 Itih

Ili 1 '[l' i 1 f , ' 1 _ s,' . J v , ~, i , I 11,

j 1

===== 0002601_18940106_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
MT DEAREST NELLIE,

Silk appears to be returning to favour again, and you will find almost all are shot, the colourings being novel and very brilliant. Mori6 silks are made with a coarser rib, and they are produced in very beautiful mixtures of colour. Satins are quite as much worn as ever, and at some of the ler e shops they have a very magnificent reversible satin. Iwo colours, of course, are used—green has violet on the other side, gold colour has emerald green, and dark blue has green or gold. Silken gowns and velveticostumes are unquestion- ably admirable, specially when trimmed with lace or fur, as fashion dictates. Bat theoe are not sui .A to play their part on muddy pavements and beneath fur coats; while, as a matter of fact, it is a question open to doubt whether there is any dress, any style more becoming to the figure than a plain tight cloth gowa when it is cut by an ex pert. Experience has taught him that women do not watt their clothes too tight, and the artificially small waist is not the ultimathule of womankind, and some few_tailors I know do contrive the new capelik.e basques and outspreading skirts most Per- fectly.

At the prczent season the qw3stion ot how you shall dress your hair will possibly trouble you. A headdress carelessly waved and frizzed, and orna- mented in the centre with twists and soft rolls is very pretty.

Partaking ef the nature of an ulster, and yet re- joicing in the modern improvements suggested by the pelisse, is a long coat with voluminous folds and a pointed pelerine edged with for. Further- more, you may find tweed dresses are of singular attractiveness, cloth coats, long and short, plain and trimmed, and you will (,bserve, should you ba a woman of discernment, how admirable are alike the cut and workmanship in many seasonable cos- tumes.

Striking, is costume of dark blue Venetian cloth, on which the strapping of the seams is lifted into a high art, so neatly are they stitched and pressed ; and not alone on the bodice and sleeves are they strapped, but on the skirt also. And let me des- cribe the bodice. It fastens on the chest with but one button, and it has a full baEque, deftly set into one pleat in the centre of the back; the sleeves are set into three box pleats on the shoulder, 'While the collar is faced with velvet, and the waistcoat shows a blue and white and red Tattersall.

All manner of dainty fichu and ruffle arrange- ments are the fashion now; they may be worn either in the afternoon or evening, and are most becoming. A pretty evening fichu to wear over a velveteen or black silk gown is of pale pink mous- seline chiffon, the front and back are gathered in soft tucks into a round yoke piece of soft white Lace, and form to a point back and front; the outer edge is trimmed with a frill of lace the frill wide and very full over the shoulders, graduates to quite a narrow width at the points; the neck is finished with a soft lace ruffle, the front point is attached to a folded band of pale pink satin; it fastens at the beck in a soft bow. For brightening up a dark-eoloured dress in the afternoon the Marie Antoinette fichu, composed of cream-coloured spotted net, is very effective. It gathers in soft folds over the bust, the outer edge being trimmed with a deep double frill of the net; the ends are erossed at the waist in front, and hang loosely over the dress; this style of fichu in black spotted net looks well over a light-coloured dress in the evening. Winter bonnets are small as to shape. They lie flat and close on the head, and are trimmed with full 'bows at the back of the crown and smaller ones in the front. The shapes and trim- mings are mostly in black, with a relief of 'colour deftly introduced in the shape of ribbon bows to fasten, as it were, the black feathers in their place. A quiet, but stylish toque has a crown of black astrachan lamb, and a brim of heliotrope velvet, the trimming consisting simply of a big bow of velvet, and a large paste btickle at the side. But the majority of people adhere to the old style of toque with velvet crown and fur brim, and an exceedingly pretty model is of shot dark green and gold velvet, with sable brim and garniture of gilt- headed pins and green osprey e ingled with loops of velvet. Felt toques are useful, although they are scarcely so smart-looking, and many have. crowns of fawn or drab felt, brims of black velvet, and trimmings of black wings and pink or pale blue velvet rosettes. Nearly all toques, by the way, are inclined to be equare in front rather than pointed or rounded.

A pretty jacket !a of faced cloth with a long- ishaped pelerine of the same material, edged with mink, which fur is repeated on the gauntlet cuffs. A tiay 111 trie Sr hart bonnet of green velvet, edged with jet pailetres, is adorned at the back with a sabh- tail and a jet ai;rette. Should the jacket be maCe af thick cloth, a lining is quite unnecessary; but etch seam must be neatly finished, and bound with Prussia binding.

Yours lovingly, JENNIE.

A Denmark old maids' insurance company pays regu- lar weekly" benefits" to spinsters of forty years and upwards. A cert sin Chinese sect teaches that women who become yev!arians will be 'transformed into men in the great hereatter. _ _

A luxurious damsel has a new fad. She lines her boudoir eArpet with a gigantic sachet filled with orris- root- rowder, which continually exhales a sweet-smelling perfu-,e.

• 1 ..,--1., - ir 3-:,--'l,-):1-4,,,- ~,,, 115, rokcs,,,, i:',l -4 Ai :\i,,,k- -4 1,4K_1-;*:A.,,-I'-'l'4 41* ccl IFl,__-__u ~,,,,,...„---- ;--__...,--4,. - ( -,,,,,-.-:,-,,,j) , ''''''------47, -. %Ad '4411\, '\''-,-*:,ON,',' / (, _V--,:ei i'-1 r .

• •“. . ', •,,-.Z,-. „, ,44,,t,„\t,,0' , ~.,,,./: " ~,,7.7.4r, . 4 'P' / f , r • .4 1r , • ' ,‘• S'. . , . _ ~...,,, : i C 1 \ lii 1 . . • ... ,a., '6 \\C

•i! ikre• - ' t . f • 1..4‘.- 1 i ; itti--. . - • 14Lit. ; .* 7/ i: k ; I \ \ 11

===== 0002601_18940106_art0010.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
~ 4-, 4,

'MEI

===== 0002601_18940106_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
LET us C,C, . IV\ CA44 -r ° 7 "

LiCkHTS NI L/S!C 9 ZAPTAiN.

SHe &A4O Tir-itc;

PARTED BY FATE;

THE MYSTERY OF BLICK-TOR LIGHTHOUSE. BY LAURA JEAN LIEBEY, Author of "lone, the Pride of the Mill," &e., &e.

CHAPTER XXVII.

lIVERY HEART FINDS ITS TRUE MATE SOME TIME IN LIFE, ' FOR THIS IS FATE.

The round *of festivities of the season were to end in a lawn fete at the villa, and on this occasion Rutledge told himself he should learn his fate.

As he entered thq grounds, ablaze with electric tights and the flaming coloured lanterns, the first person whom he met was the captain, who brushed past him with the coldest not courtesy would allow, and Rutledge could tell by his face this was to be a remembered evening in the captain's life as well.

Each felt certain the other would ask Verlie to be his wife ere the eveninc, was over, and both watched desperately for the first opportunity. How sweetly fair Verlie looked in her simple white dress, her golden curls caught girlishly back by a knot of blue ribbon, with no ornaments save the cluster of forget-me-nots she wore on her breast.

As Verlie was buEy receiving her guests with her hostess, it was quite an hour before the captain could put the plan he had mapped out into execu• tion, but at length fate favoured him. He found Verlie alone for a moment. _ _

"Shall we make a tour Of the grounds, Miss Sefton 7" he asked. "1 have something particular to say to you." No thought of what he had to say crossed Verlie's mind as she consentad.

She talke.+ gayly enough in her gay, happy, girlish way as he led her away among the fragrant blooms. Suddenly it occurred to her that her com- panion was constrainedly silent. "I du not belie‘e you have heard a word I have said, Captain Lansing, she said, demurely. "I think I shall find you another companion—one who can chase away those dark shadows from your face.''

"You can chase them away, if any one can, Veilie—Miss Sefton," he said, huskily. "Let me t,eil you what made me 80. silent. I was weighing a mighty problem in my mind." Verlie raised her blue eyes in wonder to his face. He had stopped short in the moonlit path, and the tremulous eloquence in his voice surprised her.

"It is this, Verlie," he said, pressing the little white hand that lay :.•.o lightly on his arm. "Has the great, ov.-rvowerihg love I have given you won love from you in return? Forgive me if I have startled you," he said, bowing his dark, handsome head nearer the golden one. "I felt that I must speak to you or "Don't, Captain Lansing," faltered Verb, piteously; " don't speak to me so. I—l cannot bear it. You must not love me. Iqdeed, you must not."

"It is beyond the ..?ower of mortals to control the love that tills our earts, little Verlie. Love is fate, and I would not, help loving you were it even in my power to do so." "I have no heart to give ycu, Captain Lansing," she said, turning I.er face away from him. "Spare me! Spare yourself !" "Do not turn away from me, Verlie," cried her impetuous lover. "Give me some hope. I will devote my whole life to you, little Verlie. I would go through seas of blood. I—l would die to win you. I love you BO dearly that I would rather be slain by one word from your lips than be blessed by any other love." "Oh, Captain Lansing," cried Verlie, earnestly, "I can realise what unreturned love is like; but, oh, believe me, I can never love you. lam sorry." "You need not pity me," he said. "I want no pity. Death from you hands would be sweeter than life from another's. Do not play with my bewrt, Verlie. I cannot bear it. Be patient with me if I have startled you so suddenly that you ' have had no time to reflect how dear I am to you."

He frowned and bit his lip angrily upon seeing Rutledge Chester beside her. He glanced at the lovely face aflame with colour, and wondered what Rutledge had, been saying to her that brought the beautiful blushes to her dimpled cheeks, and the brightness to her blue eyes. And Verlie, to "He questioned not her love ; hide her coulusion, began talking hastily to the He only knew that he loved her." young captain. "There can never be any love between us, Cap- This encouraged Captain Lansing wonderfully,, tam n Lansing. It cannot be. Be my friend, even and his hopes, whi3h had been considerably below If nothing more." zero, commenced to rise rapidly. "I must be either your lover or nothing," he "She wishes to show me that she prefers my cried, manfully striving to crush down his bitter society to my rival's," he thought, delightedly. disappointment. Adding, bitterly : "There can Then the sweet music of the "Bluebells of be no such thing when love has once entered the Scotland" waltz floa.ted out to them. heart. Could I look into your eyes, feel the is thrilling touch of your little hands, and simply "Ii is our waltz, Miss Sefton," cried the crave your friendship? No! A thousand times captain, eagerly. "It was the remembrance of this waltz which you had promised me that brought no! If you favoured a—a rival, think you, Verlie e back," ho said, in a low undertone. there could be any friendship between that rival m Verlie gave one timid glance at Rutledge's face and me? No, again! I should be his bitterest from under her golden lashes, and saw that it had foe, were he mai own brother. Such a deep, pas- sionate love as mine is utterly selfish. No matter grown sombre, and the eyes that met hers were gleaming with the jealousy he had predicted. She what the poets say, no man who loves can ever be hesitated, and the. captain asked, reproachfully: satisfied with the crumbs of friendship." " Have I done anything, Verlie—Miss Sefton— ' For a moment a deep silence fell between them, to cause you to refuse?" broken only by the breeze sighing among the "I have not refused," she answered. "If I roses, as they fell in a fragrant shower about them, make a promise, lam quite willing to keep it. , " You will give m 6 hope, Verlie ?" he whispered, Verlie wished with all her heart that she could eagerly, have declined, just to please Rutledge; but as she "I cannot, Captain Lansing," she said, brokenly. had eo reasonable excuse to offer, she placed her "Hate me—pity me—learn to forget me. I would white hand on his arm and permitted him to lead love you if I hould, but, alas! I cannot." her away. "Tell me one thing," he asked, huskily. She gave Rutledge a pleading look that said as you care far anyone else ?" plainly as eyes can speak: He saw her beautiful golden head droop in girl- " You see I cannot help it." ish, piteous confusion—and he was answered all But Rutledge turned away, and would not under- too plainly, stand that silent message; and to make matters He spoke no word. She had expected sorrow, perhaps anger, but she was not prepared for worse, in his jealousy of his handsome rival he avoided Verlie for the next hour. Yet his that great, worldless despair. The white, hag- gloomy eyes haunted her wherever she went. gard face struck her with the keenest sorrow; "If he is really to be as jealous as this, what the anguish that lay in the dark eyes stetted am I to do ?" thought Verlie, in dismay. her. Years passing over him would not have changed him as this had done. She was terrified Twice she was quite alone, and she certainly thought Rutledge would seize the opportunity of at the awful change in him. "Captain Lansing," she faltered, in affright, coming to her • but he did not. She would have ' given the world to have gone up to him and said: putting out her little, fluttering hands toward him, "You need not fear, Rutledge, my love. Ido "oh I what have I done? " not care for the captain. I love you—only you, "Y ou have killed all that was bright in my life, dear. I have loved you longer and better than darling, that is all," he said, in a voice husky witl; you ever knew from the first moment we met." emotion. "I have seen strong men weep ores a It was his place to come to her. She cctuld not blighted love-dream, and I have laughed at them go to him. and thought it the rankest folly; and now, Yet, when he passed by where she sat, without Heaven help me, I know the bitter cost of every so much as glancing in her direction, she could not heart-pang.' resist calling out, softly : Oh! how she sympathised with him! Their " Rutledge !" sorrow was one in common. She loved Rutledge He turned hastily at the sound of the sweet voice, Chester in the same mad fashion this handsome as though he was astonished to Sid her there so young soldier loved her; she pitied him, oh! so near him; but, man-like, he had intended to turn sadly—but she had no love to give him. around and walk straight back to her and take a "Let us go back to the lights and music, cm' seat b'y her side if she did not call him when he tam," she said, timidly. And he offered her his arm silently and led her back to the gay, happy passed. He raised his eyes in apparent surprise. "Did you speak, Miss Verlie?" he asked, throng without another word. The moment Rutledge Chester—who had been stiffly' "Yes, Rutledge," responded Verlie, shyly. pacing up and down the greensward in a fever of restlessness at the prolonged absence of the captain "Won't you come here? I—l—would like to tans and Verlie—beheld his rival's face, he knew what t° you." Ihad happened—Verlie had refused him. The cap- " I thought you preferred talking to Captain tam n could have died easier than remain one half- Lansing," he answered. "You certainly seemed hour longer at the lawn fête. The lights, and the to preter dancing with him. I fear I may be de trot music, the sound of gay young voices thrilled him again." " You know that is not the truth, Rutledge,' with a strange pain, she said. "I cared to dance with you, but I had "Bid me good-bye; I am going, Verlie," he given my promise. I was obliged to keep it, you ilaid. "I cannot stay to witness a rival's triumph. know. Do not be angry with me, Rutledge." I should feel like killing him before we left the "I could not help it, he answered, flushing .rounds." Italy. "You must forgive Me. Vedic. 1 hat 4 aluPank_ back ilk ticrzox !corn the wild. BUD.

"Do

===== 0002601_18940106_art0012.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- •

===== 0002601_18940106_art0013.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MIND%

, .

===== 0002601_18940106_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
myself for being such a jealous simpleton. But, ah, I love you so well,. Verlie ; and somehow, I ars troubled with the harrowing thought, that grows into a forboding, almost, that I may lose you. I shall never feel absolutely sure of you until ws stand at the altar together. I have felt so wretched this past hour," he whispered, "I felt like killing myself, or doing something quite as desperate and reckless. I could never endure such an evening of torture again. When you know that it pains me to see you kind to Captain Lansing, why will you persist in it, my darling ?" The lovely blue eyes were raised reproachfully to Rutledge's fluE%ed, handsome face. Ah! if he only knew what little cause he had for jealousy! Ha would never realise how dearly she loved him. He was to her what the sun is to the flowers, the light of day to the earth. Fith him her life would be perfect. Without him it would be a pitiful blank. On this eventful evening a slim flgure, wearing a long dark travelling cloak, her face concealed by a thick veil, had stepped off the southern express that had steamed into the gay capital. It was beautiful, hapless Uldene. "I am mad to come here," she murmured, brokenly, under her sobbing breath. "But I must see him! I must look upon his face again, or die !" "It is two years since that fatal railway accident occurred in which he believed I had lost my miser- able life. Ah l would to Heaven that I had I" "While he, my young husband,, has been travel- ling abroad, seeking in vain to look calmly upon life without me, how has it fared with me?' "How I used to. laugh in madame's face at boarding school when she used to say, 'lf you are ever called upon to battle with the world, Uldene, you can earn your bread by giving music lessons. Ah, child! you are a genius in music." In the darkest hour of Uldenes life those words came back to her—when she found herself alone, friendless and penniless, thrown upon her own resources in a cold, hard, pitiless world. It was no easy task securing pupils with all her skill, and many a time Uldene was reduced to positive want—she who had known every luxury, every pleasure. In hard work alone she sought to drown the yearning cry of her soul for Rutledge. Oh, if she could but look upon him just once more, she could go away forever, her heart at peace. How often she thoupt of the pitiful lines that seemed almost to have been written especially for her : "Only to see his face again, full of beauty and of grace ; One little prayer—'tie all I ask—only to see his face." Then Uldene picked up the morning paper one nay, and read among the personals the return of Rutledge Cheater, and that he would spend a few weeks in Washington, she raised her face to the smiling, sunlit heavens, crying out : " I cannot be so near him without looking on his, face just once—only once!: Then I will go quietly away again, and live my lonely life out. My starved hearo will be tia,tiatied." - She had nest that her huThand was stopping at Willaid's Hotel, and thither she bent her steps. Just as she was abreast of the entrance, two gentle- • men hurriedly passed her and entered a coach in , waiting. One of heta she recognized in that fizet- jag glimpse as Rutledge—her Rutledge. She did not cry out or iii.tec any moan, but her j,,y was so 1,.;r01t, at be'nelding him that it made her faint and dizzy. "To the Renw.cli illa, A Avenue, Number—,"' she heard him say. Ah, yes ! she reznemberA the place well. She sti)od quite inotion:eirl, gazing with tear- blinded eyed it tee the rapidly disappearing coach. Por Uldene. ! in her pitiful love for him, she could have knc:t: down and kissed the cold pave- nicht over which his dear ieet had passed. (To lie cop tinned. )

A sAmor comes to be a." tar " as the result: of' the pitch of his vessel. A MAN who likes anything that is good for him, is a curiosity. Most people prefer something that, is bad for ttlem. 'Tis a perverse world. No woman was ever known to advertise for the return of tolen property "and no questions. asked. She,would ask questions or die.

WHEN one's wife follows him out to the hat-rack with her hand on his shoulder, one inquires involuntarily, "How much do you want my dear?' "A GOOD man never dies," says the orator of the' City Temple. In view of this we have decided not to waste any more money on life insurance.

THE favourite song of briefless barristers is " And- we shall walk in silk attire."

RITSBAND (airily—they had just returned from, their wedding-trip)—" If Fm not home from the- club by—ah—ten, love, you won't wait—" 'Wife (with appalling firmness)—" No, dear ; , come for you I" He was back at 9.45 sharp.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
now BEGGARS ARE TREATED IN SAN FRANCISC,IO.

The " Argonaut " says :—ln San Francisco, as in fil,:st other (nth s just now, beggars are becoming a seri- nuisance. Ia the residence quarters the bt-ll is kept ro.q.:ing all day long by tramps in various degrees of raggedness, who are ready to receive anything from a (nine to a slice of bread and butter. Welt dress-1 per- seks are constantly accosted on the streets by wa3 Were*. •,v:iose apiiearance is prima-facie evidence that tney are out of work. Benevolent householders have, in some cases, provided a special larder for beggars, and let no one leave their doors unrelieved. It does not occur to t.ilere kindly-disposed persons that they are encouraging inendicity and improvidence,with a pet spectivr of crime. Yet they must perceive, on reflection, that 4; tunaPB can pick up a living by beggary, their incentive •o go to work is deStroyid. The business of outcoer relief is rTt or:ailised in San Francisco as it is.in some other cities. a beginning has been macie by wresting the Sand-lot out of the hands of Willey and Fry ana that gang, and i,lacing it under the control of the Salvation Army. It n,v administered by Major M'Pliee. Hero every hungry tramp can get two square meals a day, of meat, 6up, and bread, and a night's lodging,. LlA.rely by stat- ing that he is out of work, hungry and homeless. The ,N stem has been working long enough to enable the n.n wets to reach certain conclusiens. ,Of the tramps who are relieved, about one-third: are really destitute 101.11 who are looking for work,,and are dest,tute because they cannot find it ; one-thiro are men who would work provided they can dictate terms and conditions and the nature of tlie work suits them ;:the retnaioing third con- sists of protesional tramps woo would ri,at work at all under any conditions. The actions of the two latter classes have been observed. After their breakfast and sivoke at the Sand-lot, they wander into the residence qwrter arid beg from house to house. They do not care tor crusts of bread ; if such coarse hood is minded them they drop it into the gutter as soon as the donor is out of sight. What they want is money or choice articles of food. With these in their waliet they repair to the Sand- tot, and with the aid of a few chips and chunks of coal, they cook themselves a nice hot lunch, which stays their appetite till the hour for the plain Salvation Army sup- tier. The officer of the Salvation Army in charge at. the Sand-lot does not considtr. ic advisable to continue the system of out-door relief there, and it is to be stopped. 'the " unemployed " must be dealt with otherwise.

SANIrARY WOEKS COinelTa'EN. PROBAw.P EXTENSIoNS AT Lorieroin, DEFOT.

WARRINGTON w N COUNCIL.

A monthly meeting of this •Council was held in the Town Hail on Tuesday evening. In the-absence of the Mayor, the deputy mayor (Alderman Fran- comb), presided. There were also presentoAldernien • Blackhurst, Harrison, Wright, Sutton, and Ashton ; Councillors Heaton, Muir, Plumpton,.Garner, Wilk- insoni Beaman; Shaw, Bennett, . Davies, Skelton, Shillcock, Smethurst, Hill, Green, Roberts, R. T. Fairelough, Flood, Longton, rflepherd, .Greening, Bolton, J. Fairclough, Monks, •Bonnell, Cannell ; Messrs. J. Lyon %Mime (town clerk), Longdin (borough surveyor), and Fairhurst (borough trea- surer).

THE ELECTION IN VIE WEITECEOSS.WIRD. The DEPUTV-MAYOR reported to the Council that Coun- eillcr F. W. Monks had been duly re-elected a councillor for the Wlaitecross Ward. UNCONTESTED MINUTES.

The minutes of the Watch, Finance and Estatei•Street Improvement and Lightihg. Health, and Paving and sewerage CorntnittAls were passed without discussion.

The Minutes related to the acceptance of variousten- ders. Councillor F. W. Monxs proposed the confirmation of the minutes. He said everything was going, on satis- factorily at Longford Depot, but he announcedihat it , would prohably be necessary to make extensions during the year. The population 44f the town, as they all knew ,was increasing rapidly, and although the plant was in gcod order and working very satisfastorily,the demands were increasing almost week by week, and they.had reached a point when it would be .absolutely necessary to do something to meet the increasing requirements of ' the town. Councillor BL-lAN seconded. : In reply to Councillor liepherd as to thewell in course • of construction at Longford, • Councillor Itikoms said they bad got:down into the red • sandstone, and they had found water,,but not in su:fll- - dent quantitie. The c•mtractor was going on with the .work, and they hoped almost every day that it would be finished and in working order. The minutes were then c•infirmed. 4J-Boun C.E LITLFICILTES. • At a meeting of the ficho.,l Aqeudattee Committee, it • was reported that the reeult of the special .examinaticn - for labour c,ertificates was as follows ::—umber pass, Z 0.6 ; failed 9L The minutes were c9iifirrried on the motion of Council-

10r, 11,AW GREE.N, seconded by Councillor,SLEETHurtsir. 4 3IUSEDII, LIBRA.ILY, .4r...Ts AND TECEENJOAL INSTitUaTLOY

===== 0002601_18940106_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
THE AUSTRALIAN INVITATION TO THE DUKE AND DUCHESS OF YORK,

A DOMESTIC OBSTACLE.

The Duke and Duchess of York have received withala- allo ed pleasure the telegraphic invitation from, the Austiahan Colonies to visit tiye Antipodes. The Duke or York has forwarded the invitation to the Colonial Oflize„, and will abide by Lord Ripon's suggestion. Renter's Agency is informed that Lord Ripon, Seretary of State for the Colonies, has received from the (ioveriaor of Victoria, on behalf of the Australian Colonies, an invitation for the Duke and: Duchefs of York to visit them. Lord Ripon lids submitted the invitation to their loyal Highnesses,. who com- municated their reply, which the Colonial Secretary will cable out to Australia. A!though its purpert is i; riot definitely known, it is understood that the Dui, e of York has been obliged to decline the invitation for the pres-nt, in consequence of domestic aircumstances. The reply IA couched in Nery cordial Linguage, exprenLing appreciation of the kindly feeling cliiplayed by Au,tralia.

! 6-- .„.:, ••• y ; J.,,,,„/,.,,,,,ew5• ~,,,,,,,, ~,,,,e.724. , • , ; GIVE EASE & COMFORT DURING TEETHING. 1 Pleas.mt, Cooling Aperient for Chililren of all Agee. Try them and prove their value for yourselves. Sold oi,e,zy where in pa::::(035, 10. na. fin a as. 9d., or post free 14 or 34 stamps.

• J, PRITCHARD, CHEMIST, DLI, MANCILESTEII CAteilltorlton Rosa).

,

74-fr.or /3fr;64Z ,ov, .

===== 0002601_18940106_art0017.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18940106_art0018.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_18940106_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
COMMITTEE

The minut related to the receipt of Certain gifts for

the Museum, and to the appointment of Councillor Davies as a inecnbei\.of the committee. It was further. resolved that the tollsaing form the Itzt Sut-Committee; -TkeChairma.o (con vener),and Couni.6llarS,Roberts and Davies, and 1.11.3,ra,,Pc.tt0n and 0 we.-12. The minutt Yore ckitlfirmed,on the 4notion of Council- lorgoAtert-rs, setz,nded by Councillor GREBN4 1 I it.

C1,111127ir7-- Y commirnm.

The minutes were ot a routine character, and were cenfirmed, on the eitition of Alderman eLlastirtsoe, .sececded by Couiseillorelfere, who stated that great im Ptownents were bein.g ef!ected in the pathways. THE TOWN HALL WALL QUE..,STICC. , . THE LAZING 4)r.17 OF THE Mita:7ND. Councillor Bounce: moved the confirria.ationeof the . Minutes of the Town Ball, Park, and Bathstominittee, • and remarked that Mr.,Monks' offer waea liner& one, and it, bad been accepted by the Committee. The ,ques- i. tion'otne removal a-,c,„ dicey-all had been 6:ally discussed Ott previous oceisionie butalie should be pleased to answer aey,..„ questions that might be asked trim. C . ouncillor Lieeror 'seconded the 'notion, end cebst3rved that it was a very geuerous action on the !part of:Mr. Lytotaks to present such a fine pair of gates te thiletcWn. ebtia actioe reflected 'credit ton hirn as a it,,ownsman. ' They were proud as a Corporeejon to have stash a liberal • tovvesuere. The gates were Amade for the ;Prince of Wales, an he had seen thenaat the Crystal Palace. , CounciEee IL 'F. Ewe...unreal:, referring to thaeesolu, ten of the Council, "That eirenowbeetom, °if Preston., be called le to advise the Counpil as to the layieg out at the land ha front of the Town-Hall," asked if ler..Row- bottorn's plan would be au bmii.tedto the Council. Counciller qItEENING (-Xprewicet his thanks ta leirj altilonks for nis nandsome eTke gates were tmartei' for the I.B,6l4eExhibitien, and were then much admired,: 4B.ut they were not, as CouncillorHeaton had said, made 41Pecially for the Prince of Wales. %Co,uncillorsiipeertes was of 'opinion that the members. *of the Council were entitled to more detalls aboat the aa,‘Jiag out elate ground in front ,ef the Town Zell.' 'What was inteeided to be done by the Cornareittee ? At the last meeting of the Council a respletion was adopted "that the wall airtild be taken down 413 to Grostield-e, ,and the pavemeet set back 20ft. The present plan aid Aot,slaow that. eit only showed Vice:seeing back of We' all between the,present two enteance gates. Woulk, Lne,Gleeirman tel them whether it was otely proposed to Sarry..fiut a portien of the work nowei If it was only 't ,tended to carry,eut a portion of thexerk, what was e.estirnared coe? He would ratbeasee the scheme rne eeroperly than in a piecemeal jaatrion. (Hear, 7ea-re) Although was in a minority,aathe last meet- lOg of the Couucilehe should now be inclined to support Ue 'eurnmittee if the wore was done properly. He would raise, eh no factious opposition. He also wished to thank 7'r-him:lig for his very generous offer. Jawas a matter Or satisfaction that ,o native of Warringtoe, and one uoldiuga,peotreeeet position as a manufacturer, had forgotten the town, but was anxious to make it tter iu.some way. He wished they had ,more men 4111," then of Mr. Monks' spirit. (Hear, :beer.) "Dune-Wee OANNE.TT:hoped the work would be carried (0 a therorigh and complete manner. rek•ouncillor Feeoon moved, as an amendment,' ttat the B°lntiou referriue to Mr. Row bottom be referred back t 5 the committee for further consideration. TheCceancil credentials only rece,t,iy anpoimee a head gardener.. .whose „iVentials were highly eatisfactory, and he contended a‘us .L.With tee assistance of such an admirable chairman Pt. Bolton, and that ,a.c. the Borough Surveyor, a ,`,"ciently elaborate plan wield be prepared without intervertion of a strariger. (Hear, hear.) What aerout the late bead gardener who was appointed." con- '6IIIC ng gardener Were his services lost to tiieCur Porai a tine, or had thee been forgotten ? aes,l h ee amendment vras not seconded, and it, therefore, throug The kALURILiN said Mr. Rewbottom was a landscape' ge'Weeer. thiVderman WRIGHT We don't ask him to carry out, f_vork. We have confidence eu our own gardenerebut eir as expense is concerned the.ainount is small. We th'oul, the work done in a manner that will be a credit to Alder man HARRISON contended that it was an absur- Race call in the services of a professional gardener to eoree'L*nl a plan showing how best to lay out such a Tow'ara-tively small piece ot land as that in front of the Teern‘,llaLl. It almost told itself what ought to be,done. kept' tt could be no question that the land ought to be il'iot,leas a eat, and ornamented with here and there a lio r bed and a garden chair or two. Then the whole in Was complete. If the land were three or four acres tkilf ent it might furnish some reason for obtaining Lad ul tr,y lon Plans fur the purpose. As the matter stood they abilit = gst their own officials to do what was 4iLrired. (Hear, hear.) Alluding to the gates, the tnan said the sift was worthy of the name of he donizni, arel when one brought his friends to see i44`.thteh seuybc:mild.liardly admire the gates without adrnir- tha„ r ,tantial and respectable !own Hall which _we e new ,ible to boast of. (Hear, hear.) 411'4%n:flier MUIR said the discussion was out of order, held tl. Council were anticipating the work of the com- A spe,:.ial meeting of the cemmittee had been ei t _day, when it was decided not to present any pre_ ‘e plan that night. The committee intended to keo.c-untitco aillr G dettleAcl,plan. aet, ns NN REIM : But the work is going on. connve .. a complete scheme and an estimate. triieu,.±!cnior .Mosacs thought the resolutions in the awts were inconsistent. Mr. Rowbottom's opinion Eked, anci the line of the proposed palisading was to .Well as certain other work.- It would be useless haodsiteir Rowbottom to come to Warrington with his ' ,ea. It would have been better to have left the Coo matter open. e • 4„Limner BOLTON replied to various comments which ielmen made, and said Mr. Rowbottom was a land- tigardener, who was one who took into considera- ne shrubs and the position they should occupy. An °4lihar her 8.3' m garde.r looked only at his flower beds, and 5W anyt bine farther. (Voices "Quite right" and teiou n°•") .A landscape gardener understood about the 114 or the kay es, ere. The cost would not exceed 2.5. it did he _, Cen ( Rowh_ecillor Belton) was willing to defray it. oeLe.re ar!--LAjytthL9iills was would be laid before the Council as 4: done. • minutes were then e. assed. MARKETS COMMITTEE. 44;7,m1nuf05 were confirmed, on the motion of Alder. •""CIUIV aBT, scow:Wed by Councillor SR4W G11244W.

14'4

THE RITE RS COMMITTEE .—AN INT e: RESTING STATEMENT. At a meeting of the Rivers Committee, the Towa Clerk submitted the agreement (published in Saturday's Examiner) which had been completed with the Manchester Ship Canal Company respecting the works at Warrington. Councillor R. T. FAIRCLOUGH proposed the adoption of the minutes, and said the opening of the Ship Canal would make some difference to the river. There were some curious facts concerning the tide-way of the Ship Canal and the river. From the observations that had been made he found that the fl•iod ,ide was in the river, at the spot where the Liverpool Vyrnwy water supply crossed the canal at the same time T hat in the canal it was at Stockton Heath. it was about three-quarters* an lour later in the river than in the canal. He ,rainera- heredasking Mr. Leader Williams,whether the tide would get first ints the canal or the river, and he said there had been a great deal of discussion among engineers on the subject. There was another curious fact with regard t) the floodings tluit they used to have in the rive:. From his observations the other week, when there was a great dmi of rain they ought to have had a flood of from ten to eleven feet.; he did not thiik there were that many inches. According to the amount of water, •comparing it with what they had in :1866, the locks at -Latchford would be soineleet under water. it was not possiblethat there would be any floods in the future such as they .had had in the past. (Hear, hear.) The new conditions would be equal to raising the laud three feet or more. .(Hear, hear.) Alderman Ham:lmes : That is a very valuable piece of Alderman SUTTON seconded-the confirmation of the miaute.,s, and the motion was carried.

'FILE ENGINE ,COMMITTEZ.

At a meeting of this -Committee it was.rosolved that Councillor Smethurst be appointed deputy-chairman, and that the old minute and report books relating to the proceedings of the brigade since 1791 be sent to the Museum for preservation. Councillor -SMETHURST proposed, and Councillor SHILLCOCK seconded, the confirmation of the min utes. Councillor GIMENING observed that he was extremely glad that the committee had seen fit to -send their minutes and reports to the Museum. The books con- tained some curious and valuable information about old Warrington. • Councillor HEW/7ERD asked if the 010 fire engine could not be used outside the borough now that a new one bad been obtained. The CHAIRMAN:: It is not allowed. The minutes were then connrmed.

THE PROPOSED NEW MUNICIPAL OFFICES. .ANIIIATED DISCUSSION. At a meeting of the General Purposes Committee it was resolved that Councillors Roberts and: Bolton be added to the Parliamentary • Committee, and that, according to the instructions of the Council, drawings be invited for the proposed new. municipal offices. The CHAIRMAN .proposed, .and Alderman Beeenrsoer seconded, the confirmation of the minutes. Alderman Werianee moved an amendment Is tee effect that the minutes be adopted, with the exception of the resolution recommending, that draw logs be invited for proposed new municipal offices. Alderman HARRISON here remarked that he seconded the confirmation of the minutes while his attention was distracted by something else, and he wished to withdraw. The CHAIRMAN granted his request. Councillor Heeeoe then-seconded the resolution. Alderman WRIGHT. continuing, said it might seem in- consistent on his part, as having been concerned in giv- ing instructions for the competition, that he should now propose an amendment. .He did not oppose the general principle of the scheme at all, but he, tliouelit the dine was very inopportune for any large undertaking when they found the rateseCs.e4d. in the -..C. (Hear, hear.) He believed there never were such high rates before; it might have been on one occasion, but there was, Bd. in the more than had .ben for years past. That was his chief ground of • objection, and he was also firmly of opinion, after seeing tsto or three what were termed " model' town halls—St.: Helene, Bootle, and others—that in ttheir own building . they had a better Town • Hall than any of them. (Hear, hear.) He maintained that it was possible to make it into a suitable town hall with every convenience that they would require for some, years to coins by the ex- ipenditdre of but a very small sum. Some £4OO would do all that they immediately needed. He was in favour ecf that part of the originatecheme which referred te the provision of better stables. ,That would be part of a permanent scheme and a permanent expenditure,and he i-eheuld suggest to the Sanitary Works Committee to con- der the most desirable :place for erecting stables for mtheir department. So tar,as the Highway Department 'ee.z.s concerned, he should :ask, the remuniteete •to eon- , sier the desirability of erecting stables for tour or five [verses on their owe lam/ a floweey-yard. (Hear, hear,) if,tele Sanitary Works Committee fell in with that view lie .taw no reason why they shonldnot have their stable •puteup alongside the other. If necessary, they might, mete: they could bettenafford themoney,tnake use of the present stables for offices form the water departarient. He proposed that the matter of • building new municipal ofrioec be left over fer a year or two. Alderman BLACKIIIIRSC seconded the amendment. He quite.egreed with all that Alderman Wright had said on , the suieject. He thoughtethe scheme was one Hut could very well stand over for a few years at-all eveuts, They had efea• more necessary improvements requiring to be doe,e,and the longer they eiut, them of the greater would thew: be. • Councillor FLOOD supported :the amendment, and said ..he did so with entrerne ,pleasure, because he ,had •conzistently adopted a .coarse in the Council not to .assent to the expenditure of the , ratepayers' amoney arcless there was extreme necessity for it. efle thought that the expendienre which was intended to 'he laid out in the schemamuse not have been duly cen- tered by the committee Aiello proposed it. ,Almost eveithin reacri of his voiee at the other end pf the building ..was a pile cf buildings for eitSizers', quarters wkich had enre equal for workmanship in ,their present form. An e.xpenditurenf £BOO would ic ibis opinion meet all re- qmirementsefer the next 25 or 30 years, Why should they be caller upon to spend Meooo ort the erection of palatial buildiags, when evervbody wae,groaning under ,a• leurden of reeponsibilities ? They all admitted in their earieee,e relations that the rates err-are excessive, and that theyefound it difficult to make iliceth-ends meet, and yet theeercere prepared to spend the reatepayetif money, to theextent of eeee7o,ooo. The same ware anctelescretiore ' ifuouldbe axermeed in speeding the ambleeneoney as in reentreliereg,theirewn private resenutoos. .(Hear, hear.)' Ilecontended that the offices requiaailleeould, he made by teew etauctural alterations. (eauncillor R. T. FAIRCLOUGH reeved that ithe rem., lutietraltact no reinrence to structural ailteratkens, but only to :plans. • Cotenciller Einoe.contended that he ei,as drecerder, aS the pLeeasreeferred!te buildings that eterasinteraded to erect. The Cateeeetrere retied that he was in tender. CouncillorieeooPepaoceeding, said he danced-it some. weight ateghtto be attached to the opinitie of Alderman' Wright, and he had .made a suggestion to dee effect that what. was reeptired meld be done fore stnellt mune 'ffiere was no town ia Lancetshire that was in =ere pram:ling need of iniproseements than Warrington upon wade!) money might be expen&ed apart from munkipa I bald- ings. There had been 00 houses declared unfit her habitation, and that was a matter that could not be de- ferred for long, He thought that if any municipal build- ings were erected they should at all events be of a moder- ate and unpretentious character. Councillor GHEEUING said he opposed the resolution in committee, and it was °elle' carried by the casting vets of the Mayor, cone being for it and the sane number ;against. It was an inopportune time for the Connell to 'bind itself to the expenditure of at least £25,000, and ti they knew that they were not prepared to !Tend that runs •upun a new Town Hall within the next ten years. Who ( woeid think then of getting plans for a house that they i did not intend to build for ten years to come ? , Councillor R. T. FAIRCLOUGH said it was'a similar ease to bringing in Mr. Rowbottem to assist them to properly e and economically lay out the ground. They were ob- taining plans to enable them to eeonomically ley out their • money in the building under consideration. He asked if they were satisfied with the school attendance offices and . the extensions to the Town Hall ? Were they not of a temporary character and would have to be pulled down some day ? Why not have a proper scheme and work up to it by sections, as it was intended to .do in the scheme proposed? The spending of £30,000 would extend over 30 years, I3e deprecated doing the thing in a higgledy-piggledy manner, out of which no permanent • geed could come. Councillor Borerox supported the amendment. The designs for which they asked would be for an elaborate 'scheme. and they could find sufficient room for the Officials without anything elaborate. Ceuncillor SICELION supported the amendment on the ground that the present was an inopportune time for the outlay of such an enormous amount of money as would be required. He should also strongly oppose any ' proposal for doing the thing piecemeal. Ile considered that the present Town Hall, wall slight additions, was quite ample for anything they would require for the next twenty years. He should likewise oppese any proposal for doing away with the present building. (Hear, hear.) As the rates were at present, be thought the Council should very seriously consider a proposal for the expenditure of £30,000. Councillor Moeks supported the resolution because he said he had a good deal of sympathy with what Coun- cillor Fairelough had said. If they did not move in some way they would get nothing at all. He thought it was unreasonable to expect salaried officials to work under such conditions as they did at present. The Sanitary Works Committee had taken the matter of removing the stables into consideration to some extent, and they should be pleased if the Town Hall and Parks Committee would give them notice to quit. He had mentioned that some money would be required for extensions at Longford Depot, and part of it weuld be applied to the erection of new stables and places for repairing receptv- de pails. Councillor HEPHEUD did not see why the resolution should have been put on the paper at all, for the reason that on the Bth June the Council decided to advertise for architects to send in competitive drawings with a pro- f:alum.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
1

111 E AIVIINER, SATURDAY. JANUARY 6, 1894. IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

Alderman Surrox was pleased to see the members manifest such a spirit of economy. It was quite a new feature on their part. (Laughter.) He had no strong feeling one way or the other about the scheme, but he saw nothing to he alarmed about because the resolution simply " invited " drawings. If they commenced to al- ter and alter without a proper schemc before them, they would be working in the oark. Councillor DAVIES thought the matter might be shelved. , altogether. If plans were prepared now they would be useless 20 years hence, and money would thus be wasted. Councillor EOBERTS asked, seeing the Council in June decided to advertise for competitive drawings with a • premium, was it necessary that the resolution should be brought up again that night? The TOWN CLERK replied that the resolution was not acted upon. The Council would notice the word in the , present resolution that the drawings be "now" invited. Councillor ROBERTS said the'rown Hall wall was to be ' taken down, and the majority of the members thought that would be an improvement. The very first result would be that the Council would be compelled,for mere decency's sake, to provide accommodation for the horses now stabled on the premises. .("Quite right" and "No, no.") At present the stables were occupied by horses belonging to two ccminittees. Mr. Wright had suggested stables at Howley, and the Sanitary 'Works Committee would probably be compelled to erect another stable. Every business man would know that such an arrange- ment would be a mistake. Businessmen required consoli- dation of their forces if they wished to practioa economy. 'The necessity for a police court and a brideveell had been mentioned, and the Council would have to consider, in the interests of economy, whether they would go in for a consolidation of their public buildings or spread them piecemeal in all quarters of the borough. If the resolu- tion was adopted that night the only expense would be the premiums. and he could say without any doubt that with the knowledge possessed by architects now a scheme could be got which would suffice for the require- ments of Warrington for the next 100 years. If neces- sary they could proceed as the funds and needs of the borough permitted. He admitted that tiro rates for the present year were heavy,but if they averaged the rates of the last ten years they would find that they were less than for the ten years previeus. He admitted that this was an inopportune time to spend from £25,000 to £30,000, and he would not support the resolution if he thought it was contemplated to carry out the scheme immediately. Councillor SMETHURST pointed out 'that there were other improvements demanding attention far more than this one. He objected to improvements being carried 'int piecemeal. 'iouncillor SHAW GREEN said accommodation was re- quired for the staff they had at the Tawu Hall. A num- ber of officials were at present working in a room which was a committee room, and which should be 'used as such. He was, however, willing to postpone the ques- tion fora few months.

s Alderman HARRISON remarked that if they .contem- ,plated the demolition of the present building and the erection of new, he could understand•the need for draw- ings, but when they had a good Town Hail that would answer their purposes for many years, with a few addi- tions, he failed to see that the money proposed to be spent would be well spent. Counsillor PLIMPTON supported the amendment. 'He thoug,htlthat if the resolution objected to was carried it would be simply throwing £175 away. He very much liked the idea of Alderman Wright iturning the present etables into offices, and of taking the,horses and tubs to Longford. He had heard it said that they-could not im- prove that Town Hall without pulling it dow'n altogether grid, for his part, he thought it was a very good Town Hall. .(Hear, hear.) The voting was then proceeded with, snd resulted as follows : .

For the amendment—Aldermen Ashton, Harrison, Wright, Blackhurst, Francomb ; Councillor: Bolton, Flood, Longton, Muir, Plumpton, Oarner, Wilkinson, Beaman;Shaw. Bennett, Davies, Skelton. Shillcock, Smethurst, Hill, Greening, Cannell-22. Against— Alderman Sutton, Councillors Hepherd, Heaton, J.llfair- dough, R. T. Fairclough, Monks, Roberts-7. The CHAIRMAN.—I declare the amendment carried. The minutes were then passed with the exception of the resolution relating t , the drawings.

THE TRIP ON THE SHIP CANAL.

On the motion of Alderman FRANCOMB, seconded by Alderman SUTTON, a vote of thanks was accorded to Messrs. Monks, Hall and Co. for their kindness in plac- ing at the disposal of the Corporation their steamer, Helvetia, on the occasion of the Ship Canal, whereby they were-enabled to take part in that important and very successful ceremony. The motion WC.B •carried with acclamation, after which the Council rose.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ALLSSACR,E OF CATHOLICS IN IN RUSSIAN POLAND.

HORRIBLE CRUELTY OF TI3E COSSACKS. The ••!Koelnische Volkzeitung," a Roman Catholic organ. publishes from a trustworthy source somoticken- ing details of the massacre of Krosche, in the Govern- ment ofiZovno, in Russian Poland. At two o'cleck•on the ma:ning ot the 10th Novemter, Prefect Klingeriberg,. of Kovno, arrived at Krosche, accompanied by forty strongly-armed policemen. There were about seventy personsin the church. Cursing and yelling, the poliae rushed atthe• -devotees, beat them with the knout. And. struck them with their swords, so that the -church echoed with the cries of the wounded. Some succeeded ' in fleeing to the belfry, where they rang the bells, thus summoning • the. rest of the inhabitants, who crowdedH into the building. •When the day began to wane,,Zoo. Cossacks arrived at the place, armed with rises., lane es,: and knouts. The Cossacks' knouts have wire and iron twisted in at the end, so that every stroke tears :the flesh. Theyidivided themselves into two groups., and a great massacre began. The blood of the defenceless in-. habitants who.were trying to protect their sanctuary stained the walls: of the church and flowed on the oor. Some of the Cossacks ,flew at the altars, smashed the crucifixes, candlesticks, and images of the saints, and dashed them on the ground. .The broken vessels and , images were ttbrown into a cesspool. Some corpses found in tha,church were tossed by the Cossacks into the litnepit iii the churchyard. The people, who Iltml in all directions, were pursued by the Cossacks and taken prisoners. Many sprang into the swollen river aud were drowned. The rest -were surrounded by Cossacks and , driven by them to • the front of the Town Hall on the Market-place. Every inhabitant of Krosche was to :re- iceive a special punishment. A doctor was fetched, and was to say how many -strokes with the knout each vie,- tim could bear. They were brought up singly,and their clothes tern off their bodies. They were then made to lie down naked between two rows of Cossacks, and rtogged with the ineut. 'Nobody was spared, hot even , delicate women. This inhuman work lasted till sun- down, when the pear wretches were taken off to prison. Then the Prefect a2lowed his Cossacks to " enjoy them- selves."

',THIN children seldom •like fat. Still, t hey will remain thin until they eat enoughtfat and assimilate it. Fat, in food is absolutely necessary to, ensure a natural development Scott's Emulsion of Clod 'Liver Oil, wifii bypophosphites of lime,and soda, is an easy.f.it food for children, and turnishes them bone material, thus preventing rickets and wasting diseaoes. Children pain flesh and strength cpuckly with Ste aid of Scott's avaulsion. Chemists sell it. 2s. 6d.. and*. 63.—(14).

I IRELAND.

2 SCOTLAND.

3 MIDDLESEX, KENT, and SURREY.

4 NORTHUMBERLAND, DURHAM, and YORKSHIRE.

8 ESSEX, HERTFORDSHIRE, BUCK- INGHAMSHIRE, BERKSHIRE, SUSSEX, HAMPSHIRE, WILT- SHIRE, GLOUCESTERSHIRE, C SOMERSETSHIRE, DORSET- SHIRE, DEVONSHIRE, CORN- WALL, ISLE OF WIGHT, and CHANNEL ISLANDS.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW YEAR BUSINESS CHANGES.

Preliminary Announcement RESPECTING THE

===== 0002601_18940106_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
"LANCASTER" CALF FOOD,

ALTHOUGH the " LANCASTER " CALF FOOD has attained a popu- larity which we believe is second to none, we have found it necessary, in order to make it a commercial success, to associate our- selves with some firm manufacturing under the most economic conditions possible. We know of nomther firm so favourably located or so well equipped for the work as Messrs. J. BIBBY and SONS, the well- known Feeding Experts of Liverpool, and 'we have pleasure to announce that we have made an arrangement with them to manu- facture for us after Ist JANUARY, 1894. Altogether, apart from the wide tech- nical knowledge they possess of this partic- ular business, Messrs. J. BIBBY and SONS fortunately have probably the best located, the best equipped, and the largest factory in the world for the manufacture of FEEDING CARES and MEALS.

We may state, that although we have sold thousands of tons of the "LANCAS- TER "CALF FOOD and the "LANCAS- TER" ,CATTLE FOOD, we can scarcely remember to have had a complaint. We do not think our record in this respect can be beaten, and we have, thereforo, arranged that these two MEALS shall be made on 'the formula we have followed for so many years, and they will be sent out EXACTLY OF THE SAME COMPOSITION AND aN THE SAME PACKAGES AS HERE- TO-FORE.

On the other hand, in the manufactur- ing of our COMPOUND CAKE we have availed ourselves very largely of the wide information and technical skill of Messrs. •J. BIBBY and SONS. and the "CARRU- THERS CAKE and " CARRUTHERS " MEAL will in consequence possess superior merit to anything we have ourselves been •Able to produce. "Under the new arrangement our custom- ers will in most cases—after the NEW 'YEA.R—be able to obtain their supplies from local merchants and thiswill no doubt greatly facilitate business to the advantage of all concerned.

'We may only add that Messrs. J. BIBBY and SONS' full address, to whom all com- munications and correspondence should be addressed after theist JANUARY next, is—

===== 0002601_18940106_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
J. BIBBY 8c SONS,

EXCHANGE CHAMBERS, LIVERPOOL.

We are, Your Obedient Servants,

===== 0002601_18940106_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
iCARRUTHERS & LANCASTER.

FRIDAY

In the House of Commons on Friday evening,Mr.GLAD- STONE in answer to Mr. Labouchere, said it was not at present deemed desirable to add to the statements which had already been made on behalf of the Government with regard to the occupation of Egypt. Any negotiations would have to take place, not with the Khedive and his advisers, but with the suzerian Power. The House‘again went into Committee on the Local Government (Parish Councils) Bill. After along discus- sion and a protest from Mr. Balfour, clause 19, relating to the qualifications of poor-law guardians, was added to the bill. Clause 20 was also passed before the House rose.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
MONDAY.

In the House of Commons on Monday,Mr. GLADSTONB in reply to questions, said he thought it would be practicable to send the Local Government Bill to the House of Lords by the 19th inst., at the latest without resorting to exceptional measures. Opportunity, he remarked, would be given within the present sittings of Parliament for discussion on report with regard to Featherstone disturbances. _

The House then went into Committee on the Local Government Bill, and considered clause 21, which pro- vided that the chairman of a district council should, by virtue of his office, be a justice of the peace for the county in which the district was situated. Mr. STUART- WORTLEY moved an amendment that the chairman should become a justice of the peace only with the approval of the Lord Chancellor. The amendment was negatived. Mr. FOWLER proposed an amendment that a woman should not be qualified to be a justice, and after lively debate it was carried by 144 votes to 38. On the ques- tion that the clause as attended should stand part of the bill, Mr. HANBURY objected. There would, lie said, he as many magistrates as policemen in the county of Lancaster if the principle of popular election were adopted. A long discussion followed, and the clause was finally adopted by 144 votes to 65. Clauses 22 and 23, after amendment were added Ito the bill. Much dis- sussion followed, chiefly on the question of the control of highways, and the House adjourned at midnight.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
TUESDAY.,

In the House of Commons on Tuesday evening Mr. GLADSTONE, replying to Mr. Forwood, said the Brazilian ingurgents had not been recognised as belligerents, but. the naval forces at Rio could not protect British mercan- tile ships from the risks which must attend the landing of cargoes while the two contending parties were firing at each other. Viscount CR.ANBORNE, in interrogating the Vice-Presi- dent of the Council on the subject of a charge for books in schools, asked whether the effect of a certain decision of the Education Department did not seriously diminish the resources of schools. Mr. Acland said that if the principle on which the Department had acted had inter- fered with the resources of some schools he was afraid that was the inevitable result of the Free Education Act. The right hon. gentleman, in reply to another question, said he thought physical exercises should be part of the ordinary curriculum and organisation of every school, and he was considering the matter in connection with next year's Code. The House again went into Committee on the Local Gevernment (Parish Councils) till. Several dames were gone through. On clause 29, an amendment was agreed to, which was moved by Mr. Fowler, declaring that the Local Government Board might, on the application of the council of any municipal borough or urban district, nialv, an order giving such body power to appoint overseers and assistant overseers, and discharge the powers, duties, and liabilities of a parish council, this provision to apply to the administrative county of London.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
WEDNESDAY.

Tbe House of Commons on assembling en Wednesday at once went into Committee on the Local Governmeat Bill, and discussion was proceeded with of clause 31, which relates to the register of parochial electors. Mr. FOWLER proposed an amendment laying down the con- ditions on which the revision of the voting lists should be carriecl out, and he said a question for the House to face was whether they should make temporary arrange- ments so as to make the bill operate this year or let the matter stand over blithe next registration was complete He hoped that when they got the clause 60 or 61 to sub- mit a temporary scheme which would meet the difficulty without involving great additional exi. ense. The amend- ment was, after some discussion, agreed to, and the clause was added to the bill. Mr. FOWLER accepted an amendment to clause 32 that six parish electors should have power to summon a parish meeting,and that clause also was added to the bill. Clauses 33 to 44 were also got tin-onel before the House rose.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
THURSDAY

In the House of Commons on Thursday Air. Arnold Morley, replying to Mr. Henniker Heaton, said the practice of the United States which allowed the writer of a letter to regain possesaion of it from the postal authorities could not be followed in England without special legislation, and there seemed to be no special reason why the law should be altered. Mr. AsQuim informed Mr. John Burns that he intended next session to propose legislation which will give power to the Home Secretary te deal with unreasonable long hours of labour in dangerous trades. Sir J. HIBBERT informed Mr. Macdonald that the annuity pa able to the Duke of Edinburgh was£2s.ooo a year, and rom the Navy votes in the year 1892-93 he received for pay and allowances £3,139 us. Mr. GLADSTONE, replying to Mr. Holland, deprecated the suggestion that the Government should propose a resolution to carry over till next session bills remaining on tire order book which had .been read a second time by large maj,rities. Mr. BRYCZ, replying to Mr. Forwood in reference to the part taken by Mr. Charles Rowley, J.P., of Manches- ter, in a public meeting called to protest against the "violence and perjury" of the Manchester police, said lie had no power to prevent magietrates taking part in demonstrations. The House went into Committee on the Parish Coun- cils Bill, and the remaining clauses were rapidly dealt with, the majority being added to the hill without amendments. Several wero, however, postponed.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
A WORKING DAY OF WO HOURS.

EXTRIORDINARY PROPOSAL.

!• :KANSAS CITY, TUeltday.—Mr. Osborne, Secretary of State Missouri, in the course of a speech, has declared himself in favour of a working day of two hours. The reason he gives, for his epinion is that recent develop- ments show that mankind has made such progress that one labourer now is enabled to perform as much work as twenty could fifty years ago. Mr. Osborne thinks ,that the present dcpression is entirely due to ever-pro- duction.

CURED OTHERS, WILL LURE YOU I Sufferers from Gravel, Lumbago. Piles, PrAs in the Back, Dropsy. Wind and Water Complaints, D•seases of Kidneys, Bladder, Urinary Organs, Stone, Get, Stric ture, Sciatica, Rheumatism, and Gout, will find positive cure in Holdroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box, ano if not satisfied your money will be returned. Priem Is 111. Of all chemists, or post free for 12 stamps from HoLn- ItOrD'S Medical Hall, Cleckheaton, Yorks. Dou't be put off. If you cannot get them write to the Proprietor, and a box will be sent Hext post.—Advt.

. 50 52 , SO so

===== 0002601_18940106_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN SCHOOL BOARD. ITEM MURNALIsT AND THE

The monthly meeting was held at the Town Hall, on Tuesday night. Mr. James Pritchard presided and there were present the Rev. Canon Maitland Wood,Dr. McDougall, Mr. E. Imi3on,and Mr.G. Moss, clerk

===== 0002601_18940106_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
SCHOOL ATTENDANCE.

The School Attendance Committee held a meeting on December 19th, when 32 parents were summoned be- fore the committee, and 24 appeared. It was recom- mended that when the Attendance Officer finds that he is losing a prosecution at the Police Court for want of evidence, he shall apply for an adjournment until next Court day, and in Use interval shalt obtain the required evidence, by witness summons if necessary.—The minutes were approved on the motion of Canon Wood, seconded by Mr. Imison.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
THE STANDARD OF EXEMPTION.

The Clerk read a circular letter from the Education Department, stating that on and after the Ist January the minimum age of exemption from attendance at school would be eleven years. The circular has been previously published.--It was stated by the Clerk that the alteration would have no effect in Runcorn, because there was no half time employment, and because the standard of exemption was so high, the sixth standard, that no child could possibly leave before eleven years of age.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PROPOSED SCHOOL EXTENSION.

A communication was read from Messrs. F. and G. Holme, of Liverpool, with reference to the extension of Greenway•road school. The firm enclosed a plan of the proposed new classroom, teachers room, and exten- sion of lavatories. The probable cost of the new class rooms and teachers' room would be £450, and for the extension of lavatory of about £so.—Dr. McDougall moved that the plan be approved and that the clerk be instructed to forward it to the Education Department. He said the alterations would , meet a want which had been felt by the School Attend- ance Committee for sometime and they were undertaken on the recommendation .of that Committee. There would be an additional accommodation for 87 girls. The schools would be completed as originally intended to be and would therefore be a considerable improve- ment. Canon Wood said he noticed from the last return that there was accommodation for over 500 scholors more than were in average attendance. He did not know whether the matter was finally closed but he thought they ought to consider how far the alterations were actually necessary. In reply to Mr. unison, the Canon said the return showed considerable accommoda- tion for girls. The Clerk said the accommodation was largely for boys. The total falling off in the average attendance for girls had only been 30 during the whole time the Ship Canal had been completed.—Canon Wood said he believed the population would diminish consider- ably now that the Ship Canal was finished. The Chair- man said bet month's return showed accommodation in excess of average attendance of 537 places, but it only shcwed an excess of 53 places for girls. The extra accommodation was for boys and infants. In Green- way-road school there were 36 girls in average atten- vance in excess of accommodation and this number de- ducted from 53, left 17 places. The Clerk : And that re- turn is for December when the attendance is bad.—The Chairman said taking the number on the rolls,the return showed a great need of accommodation of girls.—Canon Wood said he was not in any way opposed to providing the necessary accommodation, but there was such a curious conjunction of circumstances, and it would not be wise to add considerably to the accommodation for girls, when nobody could be quite certain that in Run- corn there would not be a good deal more surplus than there was at the present time. What he thought ought to be noticed was the great increase of the surplus within the last month or two.—The Clerk: It is the falling off in the percentage of attendance that makes the differ- ence.—Dr. McDougall said there would be no harm in adopting the plans. He should be very much opposed to expending any money in extensions if it were found not to be necessary.—Canon Wood : It may possibly turn out in the next three or four months that there will be a considerable diminution in population. I feel sure there will be, and we are just going to do a thing at a doubtful moment.—The Clerk said should the board decide to carry out the alterations they could not possi- bly be done before the July holidays.—Mr. Imison : The subject is bound to come before us aaain.—Canon Wood I shall be glad to second the motion on that understand- ing. The motion was carried unanimously.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. PAUL'S CHURCH, WIDNES.

The annual tea party and concert was held in the Parochial Room on Monday evening. About 400 pei sons sat down to an excellent repast. Trays had been given by Mesdames linison, Edwards, Deacon, Wood, Fletcher, Arnell, Rowntree, Barker, F. Neil, Valentine, Price, Puryer, W. Palin, R. Potter, Brookes, Mitchell, Hunt and Laws; Rev. W. Hodgson, Messrs. S. Deacon, W. Borthwiek, Dr. MacLennan, Dr. Allen and '• W.W." After tea a concert was held and the proceedings were made also to serve as a welcome to the " new curate," the Rev. J. Adams, M.A., and to fittingly recognise the removal of Mr. Fred Neil to Southport, and therefore his severance with St. Paul's. Mr. H. Wade Deacon, J.P., C.C., presided and in the course of a speech, dwelt upon the harmony that had prevailed amongst the various sects in the Royal Marri- age Celebration and the Distress Fund. He also alluded in eulogistic terms to the personal characteristics of Mr, Neil and the good work he had accomplished in the church and in connection with the Town Council and Free Library. Speeches to the same effect weft deliv- ered by the Rev. G. H. Garratt, Rev. W. Hodgson, Mr. J. C. Crawford and Mr. D. J. Brookes, and then the Chairman handed to Mr. Neil a handsome illuminated address, which was embellished by the Coat of Arms of the borough and by a photograph of St. Paul's Church. The text of the address was as follows : "To Frederick Neil. Esq. Dear Sir,—The loss of so es- teemed and valued a friend of the parish of Widnes as yourself affords us opportunity, although much to be re- gretted, of testifying to the genuine feelings of regard and gratitude which all in Widnes bear to your family and yourself. Your lifelong connection with our church, Your ever ready and willing help in all that was con- aucive to the best interests, will not easily pass from our minds and memories. In particular your close connec- tion with the church, and afterwards as warden for seven years, was marked by increasing assiduity and un- failing atte•aticn to duty, and has left among us a per- manent proof of self-denying effort and a generous heart. Such services as yours bring their own reward, and such as it is not in our power to bestow ; but we trust that you will receive this slight token of our friendship and gratitude as an earnest of our good wishes for the future welfare of your family and yourself, and cur heartfelt prayer that God's blessing may attend you through all your future life. Dated this day, Ist Jan., 1394. Signed, on behalf of the parish of Widnes, W. Hodgson, vicar; D. J. Brookes and W. Dwerrybouce, churchwardens."

In acknowledging the gift Mr. Neil said he had done nothing to deserve such a recognition, he had simply done his duty. Although he had left Widnes he was not going to be buried, and if ha could serve them at any future time he should be glad to do it. He was retain- ing the position of treasurer of the Parochial Rooms and of the Day Schools.—The Rev. Mr. Adams received a most cordial welcome.

Total Value of Priccs In all the 8 districts during 1894.

8064 4i500 5040 4800 4800 4800

===== 0002601_18940106_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
MIRACLF.

INTERVIEWING UP TO DATE.

A good piece of work has been done by the" Glasgow Mail," a leading Scottish bewspaper. The report of a " miracle" said to have occurred in an outlying place having created censitierable local sensation, a "Glasgow Mail " reporter was sent to the spot to thorouehly in- vestigate the matter at first hand. His impressions have leeen pub!ished at great length in a lively article. The first view of the new local celebrity, one Peter Ross, of Westfield, near Elgin, seems to have confirmed the reports eft hand. This man had been paralysed, horribly tormented by pains in the back, and so brpught down by incurable disease. locomotor ataxy,t hat he hail to be lifted in and out of a vehicle in order even to travel even a short distance. But when the interview& called, he stepped briskly into the room.and a neighbour reported having seen him on a bicycle! This therefore was a genuine miracle to all appearances, and a personal interview with Mr. Ross and his Mother, so far from explaining it away, made it appear all the more wonder- ful.

" About three years ago," said Mr. Ross, "I was working in Greenbrae Quarries at Hopeman, when I got a jerk. I felt a sudden pain in the small of my back ;as time went on this increased, and a fortnight later I saw a doctor, who advised me to go into the hospital at Elgin, whither I went, and from which I was discharged about a month later. But I had scarcely started when the pains returned, and I was worse than ever. I tried mineral waters at Strathpeffer, but this treatment was of no use. My legs wer.. now beginning to fail me, and I staggered like a drunken man." On the advise of a medical man in Forres,he went into Aberdeen Hospital, being lifted into and out of the con- veyance which took him there. By this time he could not stand alone. After two months traatinent.the dread word " incurable" filled the poor fellow with an intense yearning for home. So he was carried down the hos- pital stairs, lifted into a carriage, driven home, lifted out, and carried again into his own house to die. Six months of lingering agony followed. "No power in my legs," said the man, pathetically, in answer to the in- terviewer's queries : " a pain indescribable across my brow and down my nose ; a sickness more nauseous than I can tell ; a pain in my back serer than I can describe. I got out of bed and triA to walk from one chair to an- other, but fell like a child who has not learned to walk!' What wonder that the poor fellow longed for death to release him from his sufferings? But three months ago the miraculeus relief came. AN Scotland was talking of D3nald Turner, the Lochelpe head man, who had been cured of f aralysi, almost as bad as Mr. Ross', by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. Ross determined to test the effect of the same remedy. "Let inc again impress upon 3 ou," lie said to the "Glasgow Mail" reporter, "that before I got the Pills, death would have been a relief. Weil, I got a box of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, and before I had taken half- a-dozen I felt myself getting batter. By the time the box was finished there was a still further improvement, the pain was passing away from my back, and the power was returning to my limbs. I had spent pounds on medicine. But when I had taken Dr. Williams' Pink Pills I became a new man. I've a rare appetite; the sickness, the racking headache, and pain in the back have left me. I .3n walk to and from Elgin, which is nine miles. lam able to take jobs of work, and, though the electors told me I should never be better, I am now hale and hearty."

Such a remarkable story appeared to demand confir- mation, and the canny Scotch reporter set out to get it. Mrs. Sutherland, a neighbour of Ross, fully confirmed every word of his story. Had never expected to see him back from Aberdeen Infirmary, when he was lifted into the carriage to go there. Another neighbour, Mrs. Les- lie, another highly respectable witness, said there was DO possible doubt that Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Faa9. People had saved Ross's life. Nevar expected to see him rise from his sick bed, but could see for herself that he was now as well as ever.

The reporter was, therefore, able to conirm by indis- putable evidence, all that had been said of this remark- able case, which is not, by many hundreds, the first of the cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, in cases of rheumatism, neuralgia, paralysis, locomotor ataxy, St. Vitus'dance, nervous headache and prostration ; diseases of the blood, such as scrofula, chronic erysipelas, &c. They are a splendid tonic, and ree•ore pale and sallow complexions to the glow of health ; a specific for all the troubles peculiar to the female sex, and in men they effect a radical cure of all cases arising from worry, over-work, or excesses ef - whatever nature.

These rills are sold by all Chemists, or may be had direct from Dr. Williams' Medicine Company,of 46,Hol- born Viaduct, London, England (and of Brockville, Canada), in wooden boxss bearing the trade mark and wrappers at 2. 9.1. a box, or six boxes for 13s. 9d. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People are never sold loose, and any dealers who offers substitutes in this form is trying to defraud you ; the box must be in a pink wrap- per bearing the full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills fer Pale People. The price at which they are sold' makes them comparatively inexpensive as compared with c ther e- medics or medical treatment.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PROPOSED MUSIC HALL FOR WIDNES.

At the Widnes Petty Sessions on Thursday, before Mr. T. Sutton Timrnis and Councillor Gossage, George Mellon, Market-street, applied for a music- hall license for a wooden structure in Ditton-road, used till recently as a circus. Mr. H. L. Riley, salicitor,St.Helens,applied in support of the application. Mr.J.W.Knowles,on behalf of the proprietors of the Alex- andra Theatre, Widnes, opposed the application. Mr. 'l'. Sutton Timmis said he might say he had inspected the place as also had the superintendent of police and the borbligh surveyor. The surveyor said he had not made his report yet,and if the application was proceeded with, the bench, under the circumstances, would not feel dis- posed to grant it. fie (Mr. rimmis) recommended that the application should be adjourned till the report of Mr. Sinclair (the surveyor) was made. Before the license could be granted a hydrant would have to be fixed, the sanitary arrangements would have to receive attention, and the meana of egress and ingress, which were quite inadequate, would have to be improved. Mr. Riley sub- mitted that by the provisions ot the public health amendment act of 1890 all that the bench were concerned with were the purposes of the proposed entertainment and the fitness of the person proposed to be licensed for giving that entertainment. The Chairman admitted Mr. Riley's definition of the law, and was unwilling to put the applicant to 'any unnecesFary expense, but the applicant had no one but himself to blame. A fortnight ago the applicant went before the court without any plans, without any evidence, and asked for a license. The place was utterly ußfit for such a licenseand he kthe chairman) thought the best thing would be to put the place in a proper condition and then apply fpr a license. The applica'ion was adjourned till Februarl 8.

" BETTY AND BILLY."—A CHILD'S TALE OF THE SHIP, CANAL BY MRS..H.N. HOUGHTON, WARRINGTON.—Just now when there is ss, much interest taken in the Ship Canal. "Betty and hilly" ought to be well appreciated and wel- comed by all ~f Us. It is suggestively written, and cleverly illustrated with full page coloured drawings and a number if smaller sketches: two of which we recog- nize as the Barley Mow in the Market Place, and the Manchester Town Hall. In one of the pictures we were surprised and somewhat amused to see gulls flying about the Ship Canal, but when we reached Pomona Dock,,, Salford, on New Year's DAy, we were still more sur- prised to Re the gulls really there before us—about a dozen of them. The" tale" is rery sketchy and imagin- ary—a sort of fairy tale founded on fact—sure to please the little folk& John Heywood of Manchester, is the publisher, sod Messrs. Chorlton and Knowles, Man- chester, are the printers of the book.

•• UADBUSZY'S uocos has, in a rersartcable degree, thote natural elements of sustenance which give the system endur- ance and hardihood, with a steady act,n that renders it s m it acceptable and reliable beverage."—Health.

'nem was a maiden Quarter Sessions at Chester On Tuesday, and the Recorder (Sir Horatio Lloyd) was, according to custom,presented by the Sheriff with a pair of white gloves. rbf, Itoyal Laundresses say Critehloy's " &rases (+Loss is unequalled for imparting a beautifnl finish to starahad linen, Itc.. either cold or boiling water starch. Mr. —, Oorn- Wall, gays :—" My wife will not finish our linen without your "Starch Gloss." From Mrs. —, Bradford : "Dear sir.— I an pleased to inform you that I have tried many en-eallod Starch Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It should be used in every house. Bold at id.. 3d., and 61.„by most starch eelle7s. If not in stock will procure it. T. CRITCHLEY. B7aeburn, P:OprietAX.—Ads,.

WINPFOR

_ -.......-".• )

===== 0002601_18940106_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
ft. , F legli-P P e°*ga da.••••••• SUNIVIT322O . *"..."''''". ._*•-Jq-PrMie Oat^. 4 OMA iv _ .:_‘.,::; . • '--- Lon AL.? s. I? 11 ' 300.44 THAN (.. ~..-7-e...,-;-... - .

===== 0002601_18940106_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
Cht " epiutner " li)rntt

Or LLNCASHIRE 1.211) CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS Comprises THE Warrington and 3fld-Cheshire Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday morning. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday at tmrnoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. rflIE Runcorn Examiner, published every Saturday I- morning ; and TBE Widnes Examiner, published every Saturday morning.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

coming underrtal;io-flo—whri heads aTe To—s;ri;:d in ALL the above-mentioned Papers for ONE CHARON, as per scale given below. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO EE LET, SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTINEEIHIFS WANTED, APARTMENTS WANTED, MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT,

MISCELLANEOUS WANTS, HOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. . One Three Six Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Adver- tisement inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion.

Bointatr gmbants, WANTED, General SERVANT, 18 to 20; able to wa3b.— MAXIC. 18. Bridge-St., Warrington.

WANTED- —GENERAL SERVANT, aze about 20. for the country. Mrs. THORPE, Oak Villa, Astley, near Manchester.

GENERAL SRIZVANT wanted, age 16 to 20; character required, able to milk.--Mrs. ROBERTS, Leasows, Little Wenlock, Salop.

W A NmTi )n. milking). r f a rn State n near salary—Apply 13. 2TI r ento- at., Warrington.

flOOK.—Wanted, a good COOK. where only housemaid- kJ waitress ~ept ; wagEs £2O to £24.—Apply Mrs. HoYLE. Knutsford, Ches Lire.

000 K and HOUSEMAID WAITRESS WANTED, for Lor.don ; good reference ; two family.—Mrs. FOSTEIt, 33, Exchange Arcade, Deansgate.

"WANTED, a thorough GENERAL SERVA.NT, for 2 in T family. must be ele.tn and have a good character.— Apply 55, Hampton-road. Southport.

WANTED SITUATION as Gardener (singlehanded), age 28 practical experience inside and out, highly recom- mended W. T.,BitooaLAND9, Halifax.

WActih TrE. cDt,e r Gi ntNi ,RmAs iLb eS gE,IVAwN. e, teox esuitanbcl eedp.e rg.o.ond. —Apply M.J.W., 19, Market Place, WiAan.

ADY, na Companion Maid or Mother's lie!p, educated. J music. paintin2. riedlework, domesticated.—Miss WAP.D. 96, Linthorpe-road, Middlesbrough.

WANTED, ash sae rkeeseppe,, e aWv,O, OMr aboutn. f i4ao, nyiei ay r s oAf pa pg ry. THOMAS HESKETII, 7, Watermeetings,Bolton.

WANTIM at ONCE% a GOVIMNKSS PUPIL, to receive Accornolishments in return for services.—Apply to Miss IssExwoon, Stanley Villas, Higher Runcorn.

mAZa(rydoeunn, Gardener Ip3r), t evsioznuo.3n ets is,weli o.e ~.SITUATION o°_.re n er eii; ue. idaictr. dress, Mickleton Manor, Camp,len, Gloucester.

VVT ANTED, clean, tidy GENERAL SERVANT, middle of January, ab-e to wash f,mily smaq.—Apply by letter stating age and wage.—Mrs. C-tramt, 280 Worsley Road, Swinton,. Manchester.

lALHI/o,ten_sdt. FiiMveA,pLoll,l.l•ll(lEt6sY'.tallti. LlNlTVorrellia3:lloe, v Attendants. Mental, Medical. and Monthly Nurses, Massage, apply or telegraph, "Nurses." Liverpool. elephone. 51.

TOBACCONISTS and those commencing should call or send I for our Price List. Competition defied.—GoLopmee's, ,se-st.. Liverpool. Established 1850.

Paradii

===== 0002601_18940106_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
glatriniont).

yATRIMONY.—Young lady (~rphan). taU. con-idered X nice looking. rnu:ioal and refined posses3ing consider- able property and capital desires correspo:idence with a professional or comrnertial gentlem,ln (bieli,lor or widower), with view to marriaqe.--Address Mios MAY NMERT. 83. Grosvenor Street. Lonclon, W.

2p art ni int, jurnicAnti ou 5r5, es:- I

ELAcKeoor,.—Park lionse. Clarerno,t, Park, facing.the Sea. WINTRR TARIFF ou application.

I)I.7XTON.—THE PEAK 'THERMAL ESTABLISHMENT. The best Flydropathic in the ciistrict. Mineral Water and other Baths. Magnificent public rooms. Excellent cuisine. Table cl'hote at separate fable.s.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
Jathmrp ac,, on )alt.

etkEPET-BRATING MACIIINITS heft and cheapest in N.._) the market ; varioua sizea.—Oßß, 44, Pitt.-street, 'hurgh.

A8-HORSE PORTABLE ENGINE for sale or hir6,an4 all kinds of machlhory for sala.—JotiN BONNELL, Longford- set, Warrington.

nil MACH EIN TOOLS, comprising LATHES. DRI LLS, 'Lk/NJ PLANERS,. SHAPERS. ENGINES. THAM .11AMMERS, MILLING MACHINE. •.: PUNCHING and BBNDING MACHINES, ready—For list apply Scorr 8R03., HantAX

WE LET STONE-BREAKERS, all typem, wish Steel or Iron Frames ; also MOUTAR ILI CON- 'CRETE MIXERS, STEAM WINCH. FOISTS, PUMPS, STEAM CRANES, and PORTARLE ENGINES on Hire with ,-QPtion of purchase. New and sec,nd-hand, ready for do- firem—S. MASON and Co., Erandon-st.. Leicester.

A P and B Cranes. Cr,b-wirches. Ove•- .CX. head Travellers. screw and hvdmilic Liffing-jaoks, ranching-bears. and Itall-benders,Weston'l and rope Pullev- blocks. Shaftint: Tube-expanders, anti-friction Nkhite-metal --Youngs, Makers, Ryland-streetWorks, Birmingham. Tel- pone No 603.

T. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS LIMITED (late Ormerod, Grierson, and Co. Limited), Hulme, Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade. and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS, Millwright, and all kinds of Engineeting Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appli• -ention.—Telephone 229.

111DATENT OFFICE N. K. DUTTON AND CO.. CHARTERED PATENT AGENTi aid CON:SULTISG tING NEEItt,, 5. JOHN DA LTON-STREE P. MANCHESTER. il K. D.& Co. ere Poetical Engineers as well as Patent Law Experts. and are therefore able to give reliable advice upon the Workable as well as the Patentable nature of an in- vention. •Circ,ilar of Information sent gratis. Established 30 years. N. Telepi%one 752. Telegram% Dotus, Manchester.

•PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BRI',TOL. Ilave in Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Clylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the lateqt improvements. Full particular 3 ol appl!cation.

pATIINT OFFICW MA.NCHIMER, BtrrAßusTrEp ix 1835. Messrs. GEORGE' DAVIES & SON have hs2 more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this EKtelblish- rttent, and possess practical knowledge of the cottou, woollen, B.nd iron mannfactures. "S<-311-help to the New Patent Law," price 6d. "Colonial end Foreign Psteat Laws," price la. GEORGE DAVIES. C.E., & SON, P.1.P.A., M.S.A., T. AN' BE LI, 'S

4. ST. ANN'S SQUARPI. MANCUBSTBR.

ASBESTOS PACKED WATER GAUGES, BELL'S ASBESTOS PACKBD COCKS ANT) VALVES Are the Best Fittings in the Mart et.. _ - -

When ordering new boilers steam users should indent f r axel insist upon having these instead of antiq tated and unre- Lable patterns. • A Sample Set of Gauges or a C,ck will be supplied on a two wrianths' Illustrated Priced Citalogue post free from PUTZ. C(TIiPH )Y AND CO., • TILE ASBESTOS, INDIA RUBBEP. AND ENGINEER'S ST*)RES, WARETIOUSIt. 2, STRAND-ST., JA.IIRS-ST., LIVORPOOL, Telephone, 1078. Telegrams, ASBESTOS—Liverpool.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
SMITH'S TASTELESS

DANDELION A.NTIBILIOUS PILLS. is. 11d. and 2s. 9d. per bqx (by post fcr IS or 33 stamps), are a p.-oved substitute for calomel. Are suited for either ex, and 'nay be taken at any time. hey clear the liver. stomach, head and kidneys ; free the skin of humours, purify the blood. regnlate the bowels with comfort, and safety. atter AXCeSS in etting or d-inkiniz. and are the molt valuable at vange of life, or periodical obstructim. No Blue Pill or Mer- turials, hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S., 230, Walworth-road, London.

PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CELEBRATED CORN • BUNION. AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, 13. Id.. iper box. by post for 15 stamp ; a known cure, however bad the ..vase. SMITH'S INVALUABLE PILE POWDERS, AND • PECTORAL J, ?WIT COUGH LOZENGES SAME PRICES. Sold by all PAtent Medicine Vendors.

MOREIS'6 TOUT AND HONEY.

The only Core far Cgslds, Coughs, Bronchiti3, ac.

{ACTS. -{ MORRIS'S TIC-CURE PILLS The only Cure for NEURALGIA, TIC, AND TOOTHACHE.

MORRIS. CHEMIST. t ALEXANDRA ROAD, MANCHESTER, 042:1 all Deml:r3.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
- - INRS AND SPIRITS. Cheapest in Manchester, quality coasidered.—U M. JONIN, 11, Victoria Br; do.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
- . . ~. , ~ , - .._ .. _ ___ . , \ 'l., Ai' • 'W.l,l'.' _.43-' ' ' ' ,-C Ml*ll4 ,';'''' ''''' ' ' .• . _ • . ' 4.." ' ~ " . .....' „., ...' , ...: ',......':..". ,'", ' - ; " ~.., . - _, ~ , .., . -, . ----____. . , , *4.llllliNt ,

Manta.

WANTED, a few qbIIIPdIttSdTp:IEEIIS.--Apply 14,.Chapel

R3O A M? 3 TCHo 1 can amna b:s made r ee t NVotnhd£onlo.i.Aciddress 11.26;

===== 0002601_18940106_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
THE \ AhRINGTON EXAMINEE.

GENERAL PRINTIN 0 W ORKS

BEWSEY-tITHEBT, WAPIIINGTON.

MAMMOTH rosTEns. NIAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH PosTEES. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS.

A S PECIALTY. LARGE TYPE

TUB MOST STRIKING POSTER

FrodunM in the Country.

A SPECIALTY.

SPECIAL ATTENTION paid to Neatness and Elegance iu PROSPECTUSES, PROGRAMMES, &c.

A CHOICE ASSORTMENT OF KODBRN TYPIL

ORNAMENTS, &c.

LEDGERS, DAY BOOKS, JOURNALS. CASH BOOKS, ORDER BOOKS,

46 irIXAMINER" STEAM PRINTING WORKS BEWSEY STRF.EI.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
WAERINGTON

THE EXAMINER SATURDAY JANUARY 6. 1894.

By Mr. WILLIAM- HICKMAN.

By MR. THOMAS SUTTON.

DANIAIWS ALMANAC FOR 1894.

It tells the farmer when to sow his crops and buy and sell it cattle awl farm produce. It tells the gardener whento eow, plant, transplant, prune. )r do anything else. It tells Use young men when to court and marry. It Sells the uniertployed thg exact days and hours to seek work with SUCCA-1,11. It tells when to set fowl s,t rvel.removc,ak favours,deal with others, buy, sell, sign coati: etts, speculate, hire servants, kn. It contains Birthday Information tor every day of the .year. also the Fete of any Child born dinitui 1894. Numerous neefol Tables. Legal stid Commercial Notices. The Fate of Kings. Nations and In tividuilo. Vivisection. Theosophy. Burned at th r,tal,e. The Myetery of Death. Cruelty to Children, an. Price 64. poet free 7d. youtmes:st, 4, Ludgate Hill. 13.0.—Lowz AN( 1-3.IIIIWAITE. Wartitigton, and ull Stationers.

lifittstrai 1115U:1'11mm-5.

IT is not difficult to understand Compromise. and to sympathise with the dis- appointment that has bee n caused to some of the Radical members cif Par- liament by the compromise the Government

has made with the Opposition over the remaining stages of the Parish Councils Bill. It is indeed questionable whether it was advisable, even as a matter of expdiency, for the Government to en-

tort am any suggestions of compromise under the

circumstances. The Tories have all along ob- structed this Bill deliberately and systematically. They have been regularly beaten in fair argu-

ment and on the legitimate battle ground of the division lohbia. But, in order to gain their ends, they have unblustingly resorted to obstruc- tion of the most flagrant kind. The forms of Parliament have bee). wrenched and abused by these self-styled constitutional purists to an ex-

tent that has never been witnessed before. Now, it is to be feared, that the obstructionists will lay the flattering unction to their souls that they

have secured by unfair tactics what they could not obtain by the fair and open methods of Parlia-

.ment. They will say that obstruction has been justified by succe.ss, and this may mean increased

trouble in the immediate future. There is, o.

course, a great deal to be said in favour of the

action of the Government. The Parish Councils Bill contains much useful reform which is un-

affected by the concessions made to the reaction-

cry forces in Parliament. A lot of time and not a little sacrifice on the part of Ministers and their supporters have been expended in carrying the Bill as far as it has gone, and to have seen it wrecked after all by unscrupulous opponents would have been a grievous disappointment. The value of the compromise will greatly depen pen the action of the House of Lords. The q tion is— ere tile majority of the Peers, who are at the mere beck and call of the leaders of the Tory party, bound by the agreement as well as the Tory minority in the House of Commons? In the or- dinary course of things this question would be answered with an unhesitating affirmative, but in the present instance we are assured by Tory organs in the Press that the Peers are in no way restricted in their actions, by the 2. greement. If that be so, the compromise gives no security for the ultimate passing of the Bill as it now stands. The measure will pass from the Commons in a less democratic form than it was originally planned, but it will be handed over for. dissection 'ta Chamber which is inplacably hostile to:every demo- cratic principle in it. If the Lords are stilt to have a free hand,it is to be feared that the Bill will be mutilated almost out of recognition.

The conditions which the Tories of the House of Commons have thought fit to impose are a. fine exposure of the claims oi that party to be the "friends of the people." There could, in fact,. be

no clearer display oi the real objects-for which the party fights. In regard to,Boprds of Guardians, for instance, they have opposed tooth and:nail the

principle ef popular election,, and one of the conditions they have exacted practioally amounts to the retention of the ex-qpio, element on these bedies. The as altered to, suit Tory tastes, now provides. that four members of Boards of , Guardians may be elected': by each , Board without their names being submitted to the ratepayers. Every one-has seen how ihis sort of thing works out in practice. Men who, would ,never be elected by a popular vote of r4aepayers, .or who disdain to submit themselvea to that popular vote,are by a side wind placed in positions in which they control the expenditure of public , money and have great influence- in moulaing the policy of public bodies. We had thought that the distrust of the voters which is implied in these co-optative appointments had, been discarded by all polfticians in these days,.but it ia- clear that the Tories cling to it with as much tenacity as ever they did. Thsn,as to allotments,the reaction- ary spirit of Toryism has displayed itself in a fashion which is in the highest degree harmful not only to the agricultural labourers-but to) the whole of the country. A change in the, Bill that has been insisted upon is that out of the- four acres which a labourer may have from the Parish Coun- cil only one acre can be used for tillage, the other three to be laid down to grass. There is a fa- tuousness in this condition, ancl a positive disre- gard for the welfare of the country as a whole that is really astounding. It means, a direct prohibi- tion upon that increase 'of-the, annual wealth of the country which it ought to be almost the first aim of every. statesman to encourage. At a time when there, is , a cry from. every direction that English land is not producing what it is capable of producing„ here we have Toaiea who call them- selves sta.tesinen insisting that out of every four acres whic,ii an iudustrious agricultural labourer may succee(l in hiring,. three acres shall . be- per- manently kept out of tillage. In other words, if the Tories have their- way, three-fourths of the land which may be allotted under the new Biil will IA) reduced as- nearly as possible to the. bare prairie value. Land in tillage, and especially land. in the hands oi industrious men who culti- vate, with the spade,. is infinitely more productive thaia land in grass ;. therefore, say the Tories, three out of four-acres must be in grass. Snob a senseless, and i some respects almost criminal, locking-up of the wealth-producing powers of the soil should he reprobated in every part of the country.

THE crusade apltinst Anarchists is %Car:: le being vigoron&ly proceeded with on

Anarcit. the con tin out, and especially in FrarlC9 and Spain. One of the latest captures is an important one, as it is of L() less a person than the perpetrator of the dreadful outrage at Barce- lona. His shrift will be short, we may he sure A man who flings bornhil amongst a harmless crowd of pleasure-seekers in a thextro, and there- by kills or injures about Sixty people, cannot ex- pect to profit much by filo "law's delpv%." The 0:11114408 i 4 Ltitis *.;kl4U UU3. 4.416 i/U bt3 uacdu-

===== 0002601_18940106_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
&,a.lesbpVrtbatt treat.

4.'4k;

===== 0002601_18940106_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
BOVRIL

THE GUARANTUFD PRODUCT OF PRI NI El OX BEEF.

FORTIFIni Tar, SYSTRNI AGAINST

N Z A.

k /OLDS AND kiln LLS.

SERVED ITOT AT TtESTNUIZANTS.

SOLD EY ALL GIZOCEIZS, CHEMISTS.

oTo'r7:7,

-

===== 0002601_18940106_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
cated Spanish workman, who has cherished Anar- chist principles from Ma youth upwards, Like all the rest of the bomb-throwers he is a hopeless fanatic. He expresses no contrition for his deed, or for the misery and suffering he has caused. The only matter that causes him any regret is that more people were not killed. He did his best to ensure a wholesale slaughter, but his scheme partly mis- carried. He threw two bombs, but only one of them exploded. He declares that he had no accem- plices,and that he fabrics ted the bombs according 'to the prescribed formula. Prescribed by whom it would be interesting to know. It is said that the people of Barclona breathe more freely now. that the real perpetrator of the atrocious crime is in safe keeping, and that is not surprising. FRANCII, for that is the name of the Anarchist, had evidently made up his mind to wage a ruthless war , against Society, and had he been left at liberty he would probably have been heard of again. In France the proceedings against Valliant who threw the bomb in the Chamber of Deputies are being pressed forward without much regard to the usual legal forms. This is regret- able, for as the Paris correspondent of the "Daily News" says," Nobody can say what form of government may or may not arise in rrance. The precedents that are being now made will be invaluable to a third em pire, or any other gov- ernment that would have to streggle for existence against the forms now in use and the •ideas they represent." It is said that the shoemaking trade furnishes the greatest number of Anarchists, and furthermore, that in most of the houses that have been searched the " blackest misery" prevailed. Anarchism, it s,voulel almost seem, is only another phase of the great unemployed question, for, t4iya the correspond° nt quoted above in reference to some of the Parisian Anarchists s " Enforced idle- ness turned them into dreamers,. and hunger and other effects of utter poverty made them indiffer- ent to what risks they run."

MR. AsQuiTH matie an inrportant

Dangerous Trades.

announeembrit in Parliament on

Thursday, in answer to Me. BURNS. It was to the effect that ho intended next session to propose legislation which would give the,, Secretary of State power to,deal with unreasonably long hours in the alkali and some other dangerous trades. Legislation; of the character referred to by the Homo Secretary will, we believe, be fraught with the greatest benefits to workpeople employed in the trades referred to, and we do not see that the employers will have ' much to complain of, as they will have equal treat- ment meted out to them. 3n the alkali trade, the large firm of Messrs. BRD.NNER, MOND; and CO have voluntarily set an excellent example in shortening the hours of their workmen, and, it utaY be added, with the most encouraging results. They, in 1890, at the request of; the men], reduced the daily shift from twelve to eight hours, and at the same time they increased the piece-work rates. After what may _ be called short period of transition, during which the re" suits were doubtful, they found themselves in a position to report to the Home Office that, "the cost of wages paid per ton of alkali is now no more than it • was four years ago, in spite of the fact that the men employed on shift work are paid the same wages for eight hours as they were formerly paid for twelve. Ono result of the creditable " new departure taken by the famous Northwich firm was, a; reduc- tion in the percentage of the men who, had to be attended by the doctor from 10.12 in 1889; to 54 in 1893. In dealing with the long hours which still prevail in sonic centres of the alkali traderthe HOME SECRETARY will have his hands strength- ' ened by the results of the experiment which '• Messrs. BRUNNER NOND and Co. teak the risk of ' carrying out.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
AGED PEOPLE'B TREAT AT: WARRING'

TON.

On Thursday the annual Old People's Treat WB5 given at the Gymnasium. Although at noon the' snow was falling thick and fast, and the wind bled bitterly cold,more than 350 old men,all above silttl6' assembled at the institution to particiostr, in tile, happy annual feast which the Old People's Treat; Committee take so much trouble to provide. Thi • dinner, as usual, consisted of substantial roast. bee, and plum pudding, veal and rabbit pie,. c. 0, usual allowance of half a pint of beer was made t.. those who liked it, whilst to teetotalers othe' drinks were supplied,axid after dinner all were tioP; plied with tobacco and pipes. As the a'weed Oa being burned," Alderman ,Sutton took advantage:rk behalf of the committee, to wish all present It; Happy New Year," after which he proposed, the hes,o of the Queen, and of the Prince and Princess of Wa'ao and the rest of the Royal Family—a toast which to cordially received. 'l'lle Rev. E. C. E. Carleton also a"fi dressed a few pleasant words to the men. Acting 01/.0 the suggestion of Mr. Thomas Morris, three cheers s'i!ep given tor the subscribers. One or two songs were t° given, and the proceedings terminated. Dinner and Aged Women's Tea Committee carried So, The following members of the Old Men's Christnstia: the arrangements :—Messrs. Thomas Sutton, (presieev-00, Thomas Morris (hon. treasurer), J. E. Wright op. secretary), D. Jones, S. Jones, James Smothurstfi leg Panshaw, David Rankin, Peter Chrimese and Chard e' Skinner. Messrs. Thomas Jones, Peter Caldwell, Gesrge Pilling were unable to be present owing t 0111,40 position. During dinner which occupied nearll 'of hours, Mr. W. S. Woods gave an excellent.selectiollo, music on the Neumeyer piano which has been recti34 purchased by the Gymnasium Committee. The cat,icroo was satistactorily performed by Mr.. Fowls, of the “,),Iso Hall. The wives and daughters of the Committee " kindly lent their serviaes in attending at tables. tile,. By the time the old men had left the Hall prepa"..e- tec were b.eing made for the old women's tea. At a n-tto, early hour the old dames commenced to flock ipt"toll Institution, and before five o'clock more woulenler,o could be accommodated had assembled. There to 60 about 650 in all, most of them ranging in age froo9.er to 87 years. Unfortunately about Ia of the Yotini,se; women had to be refused admission. They won quently supplied with half a pound of tea and A Pi, tile , of sugar and given a ticket for flue entertainment liete6 evening. Despite this untoward feature, the Coro',ose and other helpers did their utmoat to make ever) , happy. ~LietY -Tile entertainment which was held in the "„-deci• Theatre,Sankey-st.,iuthe evening, was wail atteo,olo: 'There were in addition to the Committee, a large ir ,074 her of local clergy and ministers present. The cht.Lobe," occupied by Alderman Sutton, who, at the outset, -otirn everyone present "Ls happy New Year." In the c IiAL,: of his remarks Mr. Sutton said that that institu o t,,, bad been been founded 30 or 40 years ago. At that time tu," 10" only about 20 of their venerable enests, now the-7,,, frolil almost a thousand, and most of these ranged in Bg.:vie °,, 60 to 80. He thought that this wets a good e'-°•";11ude'" the healthfulness of the borough. Further on, lie -0 ef to the difficult 'oes which the Committee had ba"A ,e,o'. cmicter during the past two years, with the f0i1,,,' ll'fj; ing to small-pox and with the tatter to the coa;e Loci'- i In the former year they h I.y ail not been unable tett them (the old peotele ) to the annual dinner 40at r because they were then for the. first time nentifu .Public Hall, and funds were also not qpite soPC However they had done their best by distribub ~, siwe visions,whilst this year, thanks to their genernorese, scribers, they were enabled to resume Itrirebeir etliro ! character of the institution. (Applause.) leen ro° a i scribers, he was happy to say, had responded eieceivet generously than they had expected. They I'ivl' ,11 0104 last year £73; and out of this sum they had bc‘tilee of ?" • I pass over to tbe Distress Commit e, the b3l'' ing . (Applause.) ,I, folln , The eetertainment seas provided by ';'P.c/essre. -,..pa local RrtiS'e:4 : Miss Pickto:l, Miss rerrv,anc, ' and -ji, Haynes, W. I.,t.tort, P. Bate, J. FieidhotOeivessrS. if, Latchford qua z tett e pal ty consisting l'i L./roo'ol° Grounds, W. Starkey, H. Atkinson, and . ir.,..- HaY The favourite of the evening was Mr. .3.- d. l'itr't whose comic sketches were thoroughly eni°Yet. Litton also contributed to the lighter side -,, iiied s'l„e tainment and delivered a very amusing locash, speech. During the evening the thanks --- of z. ,r tee and the audience to the tainers, vier' in an enthusia6tic illiWr the epn;

,nee' 10119 dev ,ccor-

,Liner

40 MN 1.• ma.

L..112111111111r

===== 0002601_18940106_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

GOSPEL UNION' MISSION, RUNCORN. In connection with the above mission a public tea was held in the Hope Hall, on Monday evening. At the con- elusion a lecture was given by Mr. Hartley, of Man- • thester, on "How I spent my holidays in Scotland," illustrated by lime-light view. JOSEPII PRITCHARD, Watchmaker and Jeweller, 51, High- -11-•, Runcorn.. —Advt. PRIIIITIVE METHODIST CHAPEL, RUNCORN. A social gathering arranged by the choir of the above ..T•hce of worship took place in the new schoolroom, Greenway-road, On Monday evening. The proceedings N,f re of a highly enjoyable description, a number of !nes beinl; heartily engaged in. Over 6,0.00 delicious loaves sold every week at CoLLIELes. —Advt.

ST. PAUL'S SUNDAY SCHOOL, WIDNES. On Tuesday evening a treat was given in the Parochial roim, to about 700 of the scholars attending St. Paul's Sunday School, Widnes. Through the generosity of the Misses Deacon, a. ventrilognial exhibition, Punch and Judy show, and conjuring tricks, were given by Profes- sor ftussall (Liverpool). PRIMHARD'S have now stood the teat for fifty years. and clnahty and first class workmduship are still guaranteed.— Adrt. ALLEGED UNLAWFUL WOUNDING AT DUTTON WORKHOUSE. On Thur4lay morning, at the Runcorn Police Court, before Mr. J. Brundrit, Cecilia Givinam, an inmate of the Runcorn Union Workhouse, was charged on remand with ajltully wounding another inmate, named Jane Barn.iley, on the precious day. The evidence showed that the woman assaulted is 74 years of age, and assists in one of the wards. The prisoner struck her a violent blow on the head with a can, cau,ing a wound two inches long, from which blood flawed profusely. The do tor attending her had certified that she would not be able to appear for a week.—Superint-ndent Atherton again asked for a remand for that time, which was granted. For sweet. white, home made bread,try COLLIER'S.—Advt. Sr. EDWARDS BRANCH OF THE LEAGUE OF THE CROSS, RUNCORN. The annual election of officers for the above Society took place in the League Hall, Irvvell-lane, on Sunday evening, after benediction. The Rev. J. B. D.D., presided. The voting was by ballot, and the following are the ofrreri elected for 1894.— Richard Clynch, president ; Jolla P. Quinn, vice presi- dent ; lames MeMorra,n, secretary ; T. Mannion, chief warden ; elected to the Council :—M. Falls-, M. I. Red- mond (Widnes), J. Caskey, M. Burnes, M. McDowaugh, J. Dowd, J. Clat,by, P. Ford, J. Parker, J. Ryan, M. Mullhearin. Ceauna's, est. 1840, rake! Collier's are always baking.— Ad. NEW YEAR'S DAY AT RUNCORN AND Wiresns. At a number of churches and chapels in the district, watchnight services were held on Sunday, and the New Year was ushered in with prayer and praise. The buziers "of tie numerous works heralded the new Year with loud screeching, and there were many bands ot singers perambulating the streets. New Year's Day was beautifully I.right, but a cold east wind prevailed. Large crowds ot people gathered on the banks of the Ship Canal and on the promenade at Widnes to witeesa the namaue of steam ships to the new sea port of Man- chester, whilst others travelled to that city and to Liverpool by train. EVERTTaING is Sold for smallest nrofit Ett CoLLlEn's,92,Green- way-rd.,Halton-rd.,Egertol-5t., Bridge st.6,Chureh-st.—Adut. THE FOWL STEALERS TRAIL AT WIDNES. Or Monday at Widnes Police Court, before Alderman Timmis and Councillor Gassage, two men named Jas. Gaghan and Thomas Burns, living in George-st., were charged with steUling a fowt,the property of Peter Kenny .also of George-nt. When the fowl was missed from the C"te, P.C. Dodd and P.S. McGregor traced the feathers to the IvAise of the defendants. Feathers were also found in the house, and there was a fowl in the sauce- Pan. Gaghan admitted having committed the robbery 'when he was drunk, was sentenced to 14- rays hard labour, he havir.g been previously convicted.—Burns WOO said he knew nothing about the matter, was dis- 'Charged. COLLIEI'S use over tcok tens of Flow, every week.—Adet. JOSEPH PnITCHIRD. 51, High-street, Runcorn, keeps aPacraca to suit all sights, from a shilling a pair.--drint.

SEAMEN'S INSTITUTE, RUNCORN The anneel tea perry in connection with the Runcorn branch of the Mersey Missions was held on Tuesday night, when 180 persons partook of an excellent tea. Afterwards the Vicar, the Rev. Canon Mait:and Wood presided and delivered an address. A speech was also made • by the Rev. S. M. Woosnann, chaplain to the Mis- sions. During the evening Mrs. It. Abel presented the sailors present with gifts .from the Christmas tree. A capital entertainment was provided. Songs were ren- dered by Misses Sirrikin,Taylor, and Crosby, and Messrs Branch and Morris, and the Mandolin and Guitar 1-ancl played selections. Mr. Lancaster was the accompanist. On Wedeesday evening the children had their annual tea and Christmas tree, and spent an enjoyable time. Cap- tain Keret', of the schooner Vindex, distributed the prize. COLLIER'S OVENS are ving night and day.— 4c/rt. METHODIST FREE CHURCLI, RUNCORN. 'The annual teacher.e'tea, meeting was held in Ellesmere- street SAseol-room, on Monday evening. A large num- ber of teachers, adult scholars and friends, partook of an exeeeent knife and fork tea, after which a miseellan- eous enterteinment was given. Sones were rendered by Misses Marlow, Holford, and M. Paul; and Messrs. Johu Leath wood, John Minshull, A. Shenton, and John Hol- ford, jun, The duties of accompanist were fulfilled 145' Mrs. W. Ga.nrly, Miss RaYner, Miss Shenton, and kle'ssrF• W. Gandy. Wesley Cooke; and William Leath- "'d. An interesting feature of tbeent•ertainment was the representation of a charade under the direction of Messrs. Rayner, Stubbs, and others. The exhibition of collection of life-sized moving figures created the most boisterous mirth. The usual games were indulged in. 10 Perreeteen's, 51. Nigh-st., Runcorn, for the best tY GVIIIEA WATCH s working man can have.—Advt. A PAINFUL INCIDENT OF 11116 COAL STRIKE AT WIDNES. At the Widnes Police Court, on 'Thursday; before 4,ldermen 'Timmis and Councillor Gossag,e,Pa.trick Bran- Illgan a delicate looking young man, was summoned for abtai ein7, relief by false pretences. Herbert Flampson, 2Pe of the relieving 'officers ot the Prescot Union, stated that the defendant applied P.m- relief, stating that he was a ?.Inerried man with one child, and was out of work. 1-Z was given.taekwork at the workhouse from the 18th tnt•er to the 18th ovetnber, and was paid 28s. De-. .ndnant was not a married man. The Guardians had imposed upon t,,,y many people and wished the magistrates to grant a conviction and make an example ~tit:uch People. Defendant : If I go to gaol I shan't come ~'• I am willing to pay. The Deputy-Magistrates y'le.l:k (Mr. Lewin) ; Do you mean alive ? Defendant : I have a mother and brother to keep. The Chair. man (Alderman Timmis) : You should have told the 411...ar.di5n9 that. We must assist them in looking after inteteets of the ratepayers. Yau will have to go to Zadel for fourteen days. Ileeeeter's Deetsoes 21b. for ed. at COLLIER'S.—Atitt. ILh IRISH BUTTER. IS. per lb., at COLLIER'B.-4d5.5. SONS OF TEMPERANCE, RUNCORN. The halt Yearly meeting of the above society was held " Sate - 80.‘ relay, under the presidency of Mr. James John- ceu• After the ordinary business had been transacted the n ran era took place for the next six months, ryr'n the following result :—Mr. David Smith Patriarch, • eines) idea ; Mr. G. S. Suttßn, associate ; Messrs. Ernest -`' , r, sen and Thomas Clarke, conductors; Mr. John chaplain ; Mr. Daniel Rishrown, treasurer ; Mr . VlT*llard Key, recordipg secretary ; Messrs. Thomas and I i *lam Cooke financial secretaries : Wm. Charles Ash- fii°ordit, sentinal MessrS.' :Tames Jclinson and Thomas J. 'ick Stewards ; and Messrs. James Bisbrown and • Nee, ,ilerloPerley, auditors of the society. Mr. Ed. Key and ml3,l"pointed secretary of the Cedet or,) uvenile Order, electee..:rhomas Whyte treasurer. The followine were meeting rePresentetives to the Cheshire Grand Division —x,ssrs ne held in Runcorn on Monday, January 15th Hole. sat:L*'4'lles Johnson, Daniel Bishrown, Thomas J. 1 Whyte. iu,el nenderaon, Thomas Clarke, and Thomas the e„,i11:',./CaS also decided to hold a Public meeting in of which further notice will be given. Drudgers ea We„ in -in' Cer.se round COLLIER'S bread.—Adat. Ri.imp Went of a 're and BLEArrr WATIDINfi or _Ley I,w:sr en • AS c go to Parrenenn's, 51, High-street.

AGRI) PERFONS' TRHAT AT RUNCORN. It has been decided that the annual treat to the aced Persons of Runcorn shall take place, if possible, on Wed- ttrisd3Y, 'Titulary 31st. Mr. Samuel Taylor, chairman of e BoArd ot Commissioners, has been appointed chair- Tian <4 the committee, Mr. J. B. Hollad, treasurer, essrF• J. B. Jones, 'W. B. Frith, T. Cook, and W. Mil- "l:...rtoo, secretaries ; committee : Messrs. P. SpeatanaQ, j*P'•CC. F. J. Norman, J. H. Weston, H. J. Grief!, W. M. Sowerhy. J. Poole, W. Mellor, F. A. Lake, G. Bel- Plam7' llinkincon, 'W. K. D:gges, J. Calendar. W. nlif-r, 11, Abel, Br. Maclennan. Colle,ting• committee : Alessrs. S. Clventry, .1. A. Smith, T. Reynolds, W.Jones, W• Woodland, T. Woods, P. S. Wooley. Provisions committee : James Liz.tler, D. S. Garner. W. Morric, W. B. Kay, W. Crosby. John HOlford, Dr. Mac- era P .L" r.ntertainMent committee : Messrs.J. Le Cou- teur.W. Sutton. T. C. Williams. T. BowYer, G.Howard, H. A. Hankinson, T. Riley, H. J. Grice, J.E. Langshaw, P. Leathwood, J.F. Moulton, with the clergy and minis- ! ters of all denominations. Scrutiny committee: Messrs. J. W. Wr.odland..:l. Poole, T. Riley, T. C. VVilliams, H. A. Hankinson, Captain Le Couteur, R. Boyle, M.Sweet- man. Hall tables and decorations committee : Messrs. J. A. Smith, H. Hughes, T. Bowyer, S. Coventry, W. Collier, W. Crosby, a,,d J. F. Moulton. Tea commit- tee :. Messrs. T. C. Williams, S. Littler, Geo. Howard, Qlfre,l.ll!ey, Leathwood, and J. Ellison.

, •

,

ACCIDENT AT BANK QUAY .•.,'TATIONT. Thomas Capper, 34 years of age, ot Gibb-lane, Earlestown, was run over by a cab at Bank Quay Station on Alonday, and sustained a slight injury to the head. He was conveyed to the Infirmary, where 1)0 remained until the following day, being then sufficiently tecovered to return home. If you Want yOosr WATCH tIiPAIRED by skilled workmen take it to PRITCHARD'S. Ada. SINCENDID NEW CURRANTS 2d. per lb, at COI:MEWL—A slut. ! PREFERMENT OF A WARRINGTON CURATE. The T. M. H. Young-Hughes, who has been senior curate of St. Paul's for nearly two years, brought his connectiofl. with the parish to a close on Tuesday morning, when he left for lielvin Glas- • gow, where he has obtained preferment. The rev. gentleman, who preached his last sermon in St. Paul's Church on Sunday morning, has made many friends during his residence in Warrington, and his departure will be very much regretted. TABLE CLoTns.towels, sheets, and quilts, and all house linens, h,mined and marked free of chs.rge during sale.—J. and W, DUTTON'S, Sankey-st, Warringtou.—Advt. P/tESENTATION TO A BOARD SCHOOL TEACHER. A beautiful silver tea and coffee service, which is to be presented to Iliss Sharpies. of Burtonwood, has been on view during the week in the window of the shop of Mtlssrs. E. and A. Eustance, jewellers and watch-makers, Sankey-street, Warrington, one of the pieces bears the following inscription : " Presented to Miss J. A. Sharpies, in recognition of eight years' faithful service by the members,officers, and steff of the Burtonwood School Board and her scholars and friends, December, 1893." THE DISPUTE IN THE ST. HELENS BUIDING

timumminamonmeimorimarx'Ammr,,,,

===== 0002601_18940106_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
TRADE.

The notices for an increase of wages given by several sections of the building trade in St. Helens and counter-notices for a reduction of wages given by the masters have caused a good deal of uneasi- ness and a very unsettled and unstable feeling. The dispute will be referred to a board of arbitration to consist of six masters and six representatives of the men, and if a settlement cannot be. arrived at an umpire may be appointed. The board will meet before the expiration of the six months' notices, which terminate in May.

A. PECULIAR INCIDENT AT WOOLSTON. On Saturday, a respectably dressed woman, named Clara Smith, and hailing from Manchester, called at a house in Woolston for a drink of water. This was supplied her, and on her turning to leave the yard a dog which was chained near the door, sprang at her and bit her severely through the left hand. Some words passed between her and the woman at the house, and it appears that Smith lost her temper and smashed some of the windows. A. policeman was called, and. she was taken -co the Padgate Police Station. The injuries .to her hand Were so seveie that Sergeant Barnes deemed it ad- visable to have her immediately attended to, and she was accordingly released and sent to ‘Var- rington. SPECIAL Sinew oI Nun's Veilings and eyeulng wear.— EVANS, 17, Sankey-st.,--Adrt.

. . STOCKTON HEATH : ST. TIIOMIS'S CaLTECII INSTITUTE. . _ .

A tea, followed by a dance,was held in the above on Wednesday evening, the room having been tastefully decorated for the occasion by a number of fair and kind ladies. About 60 sat down to tea, which appeared to be much appreciated by all. Dancing commenced at 8, and continued until 12 o'clock and was well attended, the room being taxed to its utnaost capacity, Songs Were given at intervals by Mr. J. U. Shaw, Mr. F. Timperley, and Mr. G. H. Smith. The Committee are greatly in- debted to the following ladies for ,p-residing at tea and kindly helping throughout the whole of the lir:. rangements, viz. : Miss 'Potts, Miss Edgerley, Mrs. Wallace, Miss Nellie Dick, Mrs. Mcintyre,Mrs. Tim- perley, Misses Shaw, and Miss Blinu,ton ; for music to Mr. Arthur Picton and Mtss Blinston ; to Miss Brew for presiding so ably at the refreshment 'tall, and to Mrs. Shaw for caterinz. The balance of the proceeds will be devoted to providing gymnastic aptiliances for the Institute. Pints —Splondld assortment of Vietorias, Muffs, and Pele- ' tines in Bear, Sable, Skunk, Llama, Beaver, &c,—llviNs, 17, ' Sankey-st.—Adet.

DISTRIBUTION OF TOYS AND C/lILDRBN'IS ETn

TAINMENT AT THE WORKHOUSE

On FriK.;;Jternoon last week, a very eniovnble time was spent in the schoolroom at the Work- house, the oceasion being the annual Christmas gift of toys to all children in the house, whose ages vary from babies of a few days old to boys and girls of 11 and 12 years. The toys were bought with subscriptions given by the ',entry and trades- people in Warrington and neighbourhood. This year an innovation was made in the programme by an entertainment given by the children, who had been taught for some weeks by Miss Ward. The pro- gramme was only a short one, but the carrying out of it gave great pleasure to the little performers as well as the Guardians present. It consisted of an action song, called " Welcome," followed by musical drill, and a recitation entitled "Santa Claus." Then toys were given out with fruit, &c., to all the chit- (l,-en who were made very happy by their poses- sions. The Chairman, Mr. George Ratcliffe,in a few words expressed his pleasure with the entertain- ment and wished Miss Ward success in her work. The Guardians present were :—Messrs. A. J. Jolley, A. Jolley, W. J. Shaw, W. Houghton, Geo. Clarke, Joseph Dobson, J. Turton, E. Auklawl, James Bill, the Master and Matron (Mr. and Mrs. Ward), and other officials of the house with the inmates. AViiRY'S Sc IT.sa.—Agent GARLAUD, Bridge-street, War- rington

DEPARTURE OF THE REV. T. W. COOK FROM WARRINGTON.

The members of the Rev. T. W. Cook's Bible Class met in Ulu National Schpols to present to their teacher,who is shortly leaving Warrington, a hand- some timepiece and a framed portrait of the mem- bers of the class committee. The timepiece, which was supplied byMr.Alfred Woods,has inseribEd upon it:—" Presented to the Her. T. W. Cook, M.A., by the members of the Warrington Young Men's Bible Classes a token of their affectionlor him. January Amongst those on the portrait were the 11.e.T,W.Cook,president, and Messrs.C.Buckton, and J. Wainwright. Porter.Tlnnkinson, Squires,Antwiss,- Tilton, Watkins', and Williams. The proceedings opened with a concert and a dance, after which the Rector (the Rev. F. W. Willis) said it was a very great plea-ure to him to make a presentation to those members of the Bible Class who had made forty attendances during the year, and he hoped". the hooks would he accepted by thg. members as coming from Mr. Cook. (Applause The Rector then presented the following members with hook prizes :—Messrs. W. Hopkins, W. Hughes. J. Hill, E. H. Simkins, J. Wainwr4;bt, J. W. Lowett. G. Squire, E. Walker, N. Hankinson, S. Tilling, N. Williams, .T. Willett. T. Finch, F. Broomhall, S. Richardson, and E. Furnival. In making the pre- sentation to the Rev. T. W. Cook, the Rector spoke in high terms of esteem of the rev. gentleman. During the three and a half years Mr. Cook had been with them he had worked with ability and zeal, and he (Mr. Willis could not speak too highly of his abilities. (Applause.) The Rector.then made the presentation.—The Rev.T.W. Cook thanked the- members of the class for the presentation, and hoped that they would not pass the gates of Trinity College in Chester without paying him a visit.— Dancing was further indulged in, and an enjoyable evening ~vas spent.

MUSICAL INTERNATIONAL COLLEGE. Tb n following pupii, of tile Misses Rimmer, Wil- Patten-st., have successfully passed the exam- ination of the College (Liverpool centre) held in November last.--First class honours, the Misses Alice Gill, Winmarleigh-st., Bessie Beevers, West- lands, Pang-ate, and Lilian Robinson, (special men- tion), Wilson Patten-St. Second clas honours, Gipsy Sloane, The Grove, Moore. FURS. - Splendid assortment of Victhrias. Muffs, and Pole- tines 1,, Bear, Sable, Skunk, Llama, Beaver, &e.—EvA.l53, 17, Sankey-st,—Advt.

STREET ACCIDENT. A boy, named Arthur Fanshaw, aged 11 years, son of Mr. David Fanshaw, and residing at 7, Green- street, Warrington, met with a serious accident on Monday. W hile crossing linuteford-road. Latch- ford, a horse attacked to a hansom knocked him down and ran over him. He was taken to the In- firmary, where he was found to be suftering from a fractured skull and a compound fracture of the leg. He is now progressing, favourably. TABLE CLOTHS, towels. sheets, and quilts, and all house linens. hemmed and rin+rked free of charge during sale.—J. and W. DUTTON'S, Sankey-st., Warrington.-4 dvt.

- VOLUNTEER OFFICERS' BALL. The non-commissioned officers of the Warrington Volunteer Battalion South Lancashire Regiment held their annual New Year's ball on Monday night. There was a large attendance,and dancing was kept up with vigour to the strains ot the battalion band, under the leadership of Mr. Armstrong, until an early hour in the morning. Bugler-Major Plinston acted as M.C. 'Refreshments were supplied by Mr. J. Rushworth, of the Rose and Crown.

A " POETICAL EVENING." Miss Bessie Dutton of Moore, gave a" poetical evening " in the Young Men's Christian Association Rooms, Friars Green, on Thursday evening. There was only a small it endence. The readings by Miss Dutton were interspersed with instrumental music. Miss T. Dutton contributed a pianoforte solo, and Mr. Wilkinson gave several concertina solos. Mr. T. Birchall, IP., occupied the chair. A ple.asnut evening was spent. The usual vote of thanks was passed at. the close. Pon MANTLES, JACI(ET:3, and UMTERS see Ev2.x's, 17, Sankey-st. Advt. FACILITIES FOR SAVINGS BANK DEPOSITORS. The Savings Bank Bill of Session 1893, having re- ceived the Royal assent, has become law, and de- positors in Savings Banks may now deposit up to £5O in one year, and may deposit for purchase of Government, stack up to £2OO in one year. Na doubt, many of the large number of depositors (over 10,000 in our local Savings Bank, in Buttermarket- ' street,will be pleased to hear of the above mentioned increased limits of deposit, and will take advantage of the new provisions of the new act, of Parlia- ment. . SPECIAL Pv. CIT.iqE of Fur-topped linel kid glove 3 le. 11q, per pAr, worth 2s. 11d, EvAxs, 17. Sankey-A. . THE WORKINGMEN'S GOSPEL TE.MPERANCE MISSIOX. The members and friends of the above Mission, the number of 60, sat down to a knife and fork tea on New Yeaa's Day, in the Hall, Buttermarket-st The repast included roast pork and turkeys, veget- ables, and mince pies. After the tables were moved, Ithe company sat down to an excellent entertain- ment, in which the following ladies and gentlemen , took part : Mrs. Earns, song, encore ; Mr. Henry 1, Taylor, P.C.M. gave the " Schoolmaster," Mrs. Tay • lor accompanying on the pianoforte, encore ; Mr. P. Green gave two songs ; Mrs. M. Cruckshanks, two songs ; Mr. S. 'Blythe, a humorous resding ; Mr ' Whiteman, recitation. The chairman, Mr. J. Drury and Mr. A. Horrocks gave abort addresses on tem- perance work. Mr. Rigby ptoposed, and Mr. J. W. Tanner seconded, a hearty vote of thanks to Maned Mrs. J. Eggington for their gift of turkeys and mince pies, to Mallorrocks for his gift of pork,and •to the ladies who prepared the feast which all pie• sent, enjoyed. The, meeting was closed with the doxology. Cattrors made and laid tree of charge, Linnlemni measmed , and fitted free of ehArge during and W. Di_ TTON'S, Warrington . Aclnt. THEITLIS'S. BLANKET CHARITY." A useful blanket charity called the Eilanket Charity,"has made its first annual distribu- tion ot good warm blankets, at. the rooms occupied by the Charity Investigat ion Society, Xing-street, amongst a goodly number ol very poor, clean-look- ing, and well-known respectable persons, chiefly women, some of whom had evidently seen happier days. From inquiries made, it appears that the late Mr. Alderman Shaw Thewlis,of Latchford House,who died a few years ago, amongst other charitable be- quests left a sum ot £5OO to be invested through the Charity Commissioners in Government securi- ties, the interest of which should be paid over to trustees under his will,after the death of his widow , (who died 18 months ago) and that they should on the fifth day of November in each year,the anniver- • sary of his birthday, purchase with the said inte- rest, a quantity of good blankets and distribute theta amongst the moat deserving and necessitous poor they could find, who-would be most likely to use them as was intended by the late Alderman. Consequently, on Tuesday morning, the late Alder- man Thewlia's trustees (Alderman Harrison and Mrs. Elijah Harris) met a number of poor women at the above roams, who had been strongly recommended as recipients of the blankets. and after addressing a few kindly words and good wishes for the new year, proceeded to distribute the blankets, much to the , delight of the poor people, who expressed their grateful thanks for the seasonable gifts.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
TTI F X /4 11 INF P SATU RDA. Y, JAN UARY 6. 1894 ...i.

RUNCORN. BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS.

The monthly meeting was held at the Town Hall, Thutoday. Mr. Taylor preided, itud there were present, ; Messrs J. Pritchard, H. .1. Grice, Coilier, J. W. Lighthurn, P.:. Abel, R. Dobson, W. Hankilion, T. Lta, W. Handley, W. Leach, E. W. Humphreys. Dr. Mangan, J. Meadowcroft, F. A. Lake (Law Clerk), E. Marshall (secretary), Mr. Barker (surveyor), Dr. McDttigail (medical officer.)

===== 0002601_18940106_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
THIN GS HEARD AND SEEN AT

UNCORN.

Br AN OccAtIONAL ConunSPOND3NT.

That despite the cold wird, the tail from Runcoril to Manchester along the Ship Canal on Monday was a highly enjoyable one, that such a momen-, tous event was well worth taking part in, that it is highly improbable that such a spectacle will ever he seen on the Ship Canal again.

That Mr. Rowlands steamships made a very flne display, and the pasAengers on board will not soon forget his generous hospitality, that they one and all hope that the success which has attended his operations in trade during the construction•of the Ship Canal will be continued now that the water- way is finished.

That Mr. John Bruncir'it has had another success on the coursing field. At the Heatley and Warbur- ton meeting. he divided the stakes of the Warbur- ton Tenants Cup by means of Bessie Hay who had been nominated by Mr. J. Ball.

That Mr. E. Wynne Humphreys has been ap- pointed assistant solicitor in the Bankruptcy and Companies' winding, up department of the Board of Trade, White Hall, London. Mr. Humphreys in- timated at the Board of Commissioners on Thurs- day that that was the last meeting he should attend. Heartiest congratulations to him on his appoint- ment.

That it is gratifying to see that the Health Com• mittee of the Board of CommisaioneN, &Ming with nuisances month by month in a thorough manner. A large batch of property was dealt with on Thursday.

That the docks of Runcorn are the foundation and mainstay of the town's prospf,rity, and any- thing that tends to lessen the traffic there will be disastrous to, the district. That the present system of charging dues by the Ship Canal Company is a direct menace to the prosperity of the town, and Mr. Pritchard and the other speakers correctly dez- cribed it as a great injustice.

That the £1,200 spent by the Commissioners in Parliamentary expenses when the Ship Canal Bill was promoted seems to have produced little that was worth the paper it was written on; that appa- rently too much reliance was placed on the verbal promises of the proihoters, no doubt because the Commissioners and the townspeople generally were inclined to treat find indeed did treat the Ship Canal in the light of a friend and not as an enemy ; that the Ellesmere Port. authority,by acting on the latter assumption has caused the waterway to be a great blessing.

That the traders and ship owners of Runcorn ought to join with the Board of Commiss•ioners in a full and strong rinesentation of the facts to the directors of the Canal Co., and use all the, pressure possthle, to have Runcorn placed 'upon as favour- able a footing as other places on the banks of the waterway.

That the lt,v. A. W. Riley, who luis It:floured so successfully in Holy Trinity parish,Runrorn,for the last two years, is about 11 rernove to Ilristol.

That, t;:e weather has been very severe since Monday, and yesterday morning there wa* every indication of a heavy downfall of snow. The earth had already received a white mantle of feathery flak'

===== 0002601_18940106_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
A PROSPEROUS NEW YEAR.

The Chairman E-,ait-i--us-being the first meeting in the Niew Year he wished them all a very happy and pros- perous one.

' HEALTH OF THE DISTRICT. The Medical Officer reported that the number of deaths registered during December amounted to 47; five Oh these were inquest cases and of the remaining 42 twelve were due to bronchitis, tWo to whooping cough, five to pneumonia, six to premature birth, three to meseuterie disease, three to heart disease, two to enteric fever, one each to senile decay, dropsy, inflammation Of the heart, influenza, diabetes, convulsions, phthisis, and apoplexy. These deaths showed an average death rate of 28 2 and exclusive of the inquest cases of 25.2. There were 16 deaths amongst infants under 12 months. —The Surveyor said in the corresponding month of 1892 there were 40 deaths.

IMPROVEMENT OF lIIMI-STREET. The Highway and Boddie,: Comrnittet recommended that £5O tie paid to Mr. S. 'Crosby, for giving up the possession of land opposite his shop in High-st., and of a portion of the vault undermath.—The Chairman moved and Mr. Lightburn seconded the adoption of the minutes. In reply to questions, the Surveyor said the la,ncl to be given up would be fully 50 yards.—The min- ute was carried.

THE HEALTH COMMITTEE AT WORE. The Fleaitii Committee stated tne Sanitary Inspec- tor having reported that 'a nuisance exists at premises known as Nos. 23 to 51 Blantyre-street, Runcorn, it was recommended that notice be served on the owner to abate the nuisance within 23 days ; the Sanitary In- spector having reported that a nuisance exists at the , property situate No. 32 t Bridgewater-street arising fr6rn the privy and aslipit being in close proximity to the said dwelling-house it is recommended that notice 1)5 served on the owner to abate the nuisance within 28 days of the service of the notice by removing the said privy and ashpit and substituting a water-closet for the privy and two ash-boxiis for the cohpit. It was recom- mended that in the event of non-compliance with the • above-named notices legal proceedings he taken. That application be made to the Local Government Board for their consent to the payment of £l5 to the Sanitary In- spector in respect of extra services performed by him in c,,nnection with the recent smallpox and typhoid fever epidemics. The Committee reported that thev could not adopt the recommeniation of the County Council to include phthisis as me of the infectious diseases t. be notified. Mr. lmison moved the confirmation of the minutes, and stated that the inspect u. ran considerable risk of in- fection during the epedemic, had to put in a great many extra hours' service, especially ;ate at night when pa- tients were being removed to the hospital, in addition to putting in service on Sundays. Generally the work appeared to be outside the course of his ordinary duty. As to phthisis, the committee thought it would be time enough to include this disease when the Local Govern- ment Board issued instructions t that effect. The corn- . mittee proposed to ask the co-operation of medical men in the town in the circulation of a recommendation that patients who may be suffering from this disease, and they tnought by this means they were more likely to secure the desired result than by including the disease as one to be notified.— l'he minutes were approved.

WATER COMMITTEE.—THE WHOLESALE SIT HMONING. ' On the recommendation of the Water Committee, it :vas r,solved that the tender of Messrs. E. Timmins and Sons, to rep tir the boiler at-the Hattori Pumping station, accordance with the specific:rations for the sum of 30 1)0 accepted.—Mr. Pritchard moved the minutes.—Mr. Lea inquired who authorised the collector to issue the numerous summonses.—The Chairman said the Board held the collector responsible for getting the money in arid it would place him in an awkward position if he were told not to take steps for getting tha mnn,-T. A summons was not taken out against him (the chairman) because he had paid.—Mr. Lea : •I have not paid and they have not taksn a summons out against me. (Hear, hear.)—Mr. Grice said he had received complaints from ratepayers, who said they had tven summoned without previous warning, while others had received an intima- tion. Why was this.—Mr. Lightburn said this discus- sion was irregular. Notice ought to be given of such qtrestions,so that the officials might be present to explain —The Chairman said the business was not on :tits agenda, but he did not wish to stop the ventilation of a grievance. -Mr. Handley suggested that the Committee should report on the whole pisition, with regard to what had been done in the past and this action of the future. —Mr. Hankinson sad many large water users were dis- satisfied with the charges. In one inst ince a persou was charged El 13s. Od., whe*as he had formerly paid the old company Lila. 3d. for the same peziod.—Mr. Hand- ley undertook to bring the grievances before the Com- mittee and the minutes were passed.

THE CANAL BOATS ACTS. The Markets Committee submitted the annual report, mitten by the Secretary, with respeet to the working •1 the Canal Bwat Acts of 1877 and 1884 and it was ordered to be sent to the Local Government Board. Me report stated that during the 'past year the Authority lial registered 21 boats, 19 of which were new boats, 1, re-registered because of structural alterations and one which had been registered with another authority mak- ing a total of 963 boats registered at Runcorn. The Inspector had reported 10 contraventions of the Acts and f the regulations thereunder. He had from time to time advised the Canal Boats Committee that all these defects had been remedied. 303 Inspections of boats had been made during the year and the Inspector foand that on board the boats visited were 493 men 123 women and 133 children. Four cases of sickness were notified under 1113 Infectious Diseases (Notification) Act 1889 as having occurred on board canal boats. The Committee were pleased to report that there had been a decrease in the :mintier of women and children on board the boats as compared with last year. The salary of the Ingpeetor is £2O per annum, with allowance of 2. per boat examined for registration.

were exempting other sections of the Canal from part of the clues and the whale of the Manchester section was to be free from thesedues. In the circular issued, there was this statement : It has been decided that sea going vessels arriving in Manchester during the year 1894 will not be charged any slop dues. Sea going vessels tred- ing in the Ship Canal up to Runcorn will cc-Jail-Me to pay the ship dues now levied ; vessels trading the Canal 1 from Runcorn to a. point • near Warrington will pay lower rats than Rumeen, while vessels trading to airy part of tire Canal between Warrington and Manchester will nit he charged any ship dues. He considered that was a manifast in- ) to tileir Runcorn traffic. (Hear, heer) and an imposition or chargas that ought net to he. It was really giving preference Lo port over port in their charges and it should nut he allowed. They ought t,) demand fair treatment in this raspec:. The Bill gave no power to the company to penalize Runcorn iu the way they were now doing in dues, whilst other portions were exempt ; and if they appealed to the right quartars he believed they would get redress to a manifest injustice. It was Only the other day a ship owner showed him a bill for dues a mountiog to £2l 151., which he said it they had to be paid would deter him from sending his steamers to Runcorn. Thus it was apparent that by the attempt to impose those dues it was an effort to force the traffic from Runcorn up the Canal, which meant a great diminution of the employment which had hitherto been provided in the town. It was manifest that the interests ot Runcorn were to be sacri- fieed, so that places further on might receive advantage. The Commissioners in every reasonable way had met the Canal Co., and the proof of this was the giving op of one lock, which meant a saving of £70,000 or £BO,OOO. Then again, they had agreed to lose their status as a port, to satisfy the ambition of Manchester. Notwith- standing this, they were being treated in the manner mentioned. He thought it behoved them to bestir themselves in that matter, and to look after their in- terests. He was pleased to know that those engaged in the shipping trade were bestirring themselves in the matter, and lie trusted that Board would give them every assistance. With regard to Runcorn being reduced to a " creek," no notiea was given to them until the Saturday before they had to meet the Treasury on the Monday. It had been already stated that they had all the privileges and advantages of a port conferred upon them. Under these circumstances he ' should like to know why they had lost the title of port It was simply to satisfy the ambition of a higher auth- ority. Were they justified in doing that, considering the treatment, they were receiving from them ? Perhaps it might nut be too late even vet to again approach the Treasury on the subject. The title was obtained by hard work many years ago, and it might not be teo late to reopen communications on the point. He believed that the Mancnester Ship Canal Co. were seeking to be freed from submitting their schedule of charges to the Board of Trade, and it was quite possible for Runcorn to be represented when their charges were formulated. It was their bounden duty to sea that their rights were obtained. The clauses were obtained at considera'ele expense, they having spent more than £1,200, and now the Canal Co. wanted to make these clauses void, ale considered that Runcorn had been hardly dealt with by the imposition of those charges—there had been no consideration shown to them as an old and ancient

port. Mr. Lightburn endorsed everything that Mr. Pritchard had said with reference to the dues. They had been very unfairly treated, and he should be sorry if no con- cession was made by the Canal Co. respecting them. They had treated the promotors of the undertaking in a friendly manner, and he should not like to see that spirit disturbed, but the publication of those charges did not teed in that direction. Mr. Risbrown thought it should go forth that the Board were keenly alive to the interests of the commu- nity. Tuey had approached a crisis in the history of their town, for in tin: near future Runcorn might be made or marred. They were - willing, therefore, as an authority, to assist any effort w hich would rive bene- ficial to the residents. The Chairman endorsed every 'mei d that had been said on the subject. The question was very important to the On He repeated the statement that that Board had treated the company in all their dealings with fair- ness, and he therefore felt that the present action was a great injustice to Runcorn. He felt sure from past experience that if the questions were fairly represented to the Canal Coy. they would reconsider the matter. The discussicn then ceased.

'MR /YARDS 411rSTION. ( The General Purposes Committee submitted a me- 1 morial to the Cheshire County Council for adeptiou with respect to the division of the distriet of Itencorn into ward. It set forth that the Board consisted of eight- teen members. At the time of the formation of it the number of assessments to the poor rate in the district was 1,867, the rateable value being £22,742, and the population, according t) the census of 1851, 8,683. The number of assessments at the present time is 4,315, the rateable value being -258,000,and the population,accord- ing to the census of 1891, 20,053 At the date on the formation of the urban district the inhabited area (ex• cept a small portion of the township) was almost alto- gether on the north side of the Bridgewater Canal and between such canal and the river Mersey. Since that time large districts, formerly devoted to agriculture, have been added to the inhabited area, both on the east,west, and south, and from the fact of its being the terminus of the Bridgewater Canal and the Trent and Mersey Navigation, and also its importance as contaieing large docks belonging to the Manchester Ship Canal Company, the growth of the town and district may be reasonably expected to continue. The election of members on the Board has been held under the commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, one-third of the members retiring each year, and the election taking place at one polling station. For many years the mode . of election as prescribed by the Act has been felt to be very unsatisfactory, and it has failed to elicit a full or even adequate expression of the opinion of the rate- payers, as not more than one-fourth have at any one , election exercised their franchise. The desire for a ' change has often been expressed in public meeting, but as an extension of local government was inevitable on: the passing ef the Local Government Act, 1888, it was deemed wise to defer taking active steps to secure an Improved method or system until the expected eNtensioß was within r.-.cr.',;U.11:; :listance, Tilt ,RlqwAi I furthPr Poirit eut that teAr:ll tin 110iaiite4Oit Q't laul' Cifts.`dl3llll On those of past loiN4l School Board and County ICouncil elections, the cost of an election will be from £lOO to £l3O, but the c/it in those ceses is spread over a Reritd of tt;reNl ream: in the case of an urban district then "Oil be An auntie( election of one-third of the mem- bers, so that this amount would probably be incurred' reach year if the district be undivided ieto wards; the experience of other urban districts, however, proves that seldom are more than one-third of the werds contested annually, and thus on the ground of expense, your memorialists respectfully submit that it is ex- tremely desirable that the division of the mean district into wards should he made in order ti meet new awl altered conditions. This opportunity having nova ar- rived by the introduction of the Local Government Bill, 1893, thA subject hae been discussed by the Board of Im- provement Commissioners after due notice, and the fol- lowing resolution passed thereon :—"That this Board be- ing of opinion that the division of the Runcorn Urban Sanitary District into wards would greatly facilitate the recording of votes in Parliamentary and local elections, and would he further itstrutuental ia securing increased efficiency in the conducting of local affairs, hereby instructs the Parliamentary and General Purposes Committee. with Mr. Ilandley's name added, to prepare and present to the next meeting of the Board a draft application to the Cheshire County Council to exercise the powers con- ferred by section 57 of the Local Government Act of 1888, and institute an inquiry as to the advisability of such division,and to make such order thereon as may be deemed fit—such order not to come into force until the passing of the District Councils Bill." The memoriallets therefore ask the County Council (under thoir powers as contained in the Local Government Act, 188 S) to hold an

===== 0002601_18940106_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SHIP CANAL P 1.5 FeS T4l/115:-91iEkT INJpsTic":

TO RUNOORN. At the request of Mr. Pritchard, chairman of the Oes:e eral Purposes Committee, the Law Clerk read a commu- nication he had addressed to the Ship Canal Company, on the 28:h October last, with respect to the dues and charges. It was as follows :—" Dear sir,—Schedule of rates and charges between Eastham and Runcore.—l am instructed by the Runcorn Improvement Commis- sioners to call your attention to various omissions from the differential ratee specified in the above schedule, which it appears to them may injuriously affect the trade of Ru ncorn. The principal omissions would seem to be as follows :—(a) VeFFCI9 in salt trade free up to 500 tons, hetet or loaded ; (0 vessels carrying oxide, acids, ewe, tree between Ellesmere Port and Runcorn, up to 150 tons ; (c) vessels carrying not exceeding 400 tOr,P, train Easteam to Ellesmere Port in any trade free, and l'xcei-ding 400 tons and not exceeding 800 tons, from leeethein te Ellesmere Port, at half dues and tells, and by virtue of section 75 sub-sec- tion 9 of your company's Act, this same exemption applies to the same class of vessels for Runcorn. In the said ,chedule the ditterental rates are described as if apeficatele to dues only; whereas under the Acts they equally apply to tolls. The traders at this Port having had tieir approach to the eeeke and the foreshore mat- erially interfered witheare most anxious that nothing should be left undone ti attract business by eliewine the adveutalees shippers nese have in coming here. Linke, our differential rates are clearly set out there is a serious risk of trailer being diverted to Ellesmere Port and the Shropshire Unien Canal, to the detriment of Runcorn and the Bridgewater widertaking. My Board will be OA to bear that t lieee points will receive your com- pany's kintily and early consideration signed, FULD. A. LAIN. Mr. Whitworth, secretary of the Manchester Ship Canal Co., wrote in reply on November 9th, "lain in by the directors of the Canal Co. ,to say that they did not think it desirable to publish the exemption from rates and tolls made by their Act of 1885. lam also in- structed to say that the directors do not admit your con- tention that by virtue of section 75,sub-section -9 of their Act of 1885, the exemption mentioned in your letter is conferred upon the port and town of Runcorn." Mr. Pritchard said when the Bill was being promoted in Parliament, the Board thought it wise, considering that it was proposed to cut off their free uninterrupted communication with the river, that they should ask for the free use of the Canal so that the traffic to Runcorn might have the facilities it had hitherto had. The Board engaged counsel and appeared in Committee of the House of Lords to sustain that contention, but before the Bill came to the House of Commons they made ar- rangements with the promoters far halt dues to Runcorn. That was the greatest concession that had been given to any Authority up to that time upon this section. But the Ellesmere Port people continued their opposition with considerable vigour on to the close, and they obtained the free use of the Canal up to 400 tons. At the time the exemption clause was given to the .Ceminissioners the promoters made a statement to the effect that any concession made to any other Authority upoa this section that Runcorn should be entitled to the same advantage. Well they had asked for the same concession in the cor- respondence that had taken place,and they had received a reply that the directors did not consider Runcorn was entitled to benefit under the exemption clause. 'chat re- ply was of a very unsatisfactory character, and he (Mr. Pritdaerd) thought there was it disposition on the pare of present directers to deal unfairly with Runcorn and in a manner calculated to injure the trade of the place for the reason that at the present time, west of England vessels were quoting low rates and freight to come to Elles- mere Port because they would be exempt from all dues and tolls, and from the reason that they would not have to navigate the upper Mersey and have to contend with entering a Ship Canal lock such as they had before I pli W. Morse, whn was one of the orieinators printing theatrical posters frem wooden blocks, and who they could approach Runcorn Docks. There was also an ; was a cousin of Professor S. F. B. Morse of teleere hic attempt on the part of the Ship Canal Compa.ny to im- fame, emeviearted his eighty-tifth birthday at his homPe in pose ,e 1 worn traffic, the maxunium clues while they rew York reoehtly. •

, inquiry With a view to dividing the town into six Waros with three members assigned to each. The divisions or wards have beon prepared upon a fair and equitable basis, with reference to inhabited area, population, and public convenience, for eliciting a full expression of iii, opinion of the ratepayers. The proposed wards were Halton with 414 electors; Mersey 593 : Central, 504; Bridgeweer, 643 ; Newtown, 574 ; Meath, 312. Mr. Lightburn strongly opposed the proposal and moved an amendment that it should be stated thlt the resolution to divide the town into wards was passed by a majority of only one—Mr. Humphreys said if that were carried he should move that it be stated that two of the members who voted against were not elected representa- tives of the ratepayers—After a long discussion the memorial was adopted by 8 votes to?.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
LYMM.

LOCAL BoanD.—At the monthly meeting of the above authority, held at th, Board's 0111,!es on Tuesday even- ' ing, the following werepresent :—Mr. Greg,son.(in the chair), and Messrs. .T. Bolt, Brazendale, Whitelegge, Mclntyre, Appleton, E. Bolt and Perrin ; Mr. Itid:zway (law clerk), Mr. MuHard (clerk), Mr. Mr,rt tnurveyor). Mr. Bailey (clerk to the Iluatley sewerage scheme), and Mr. Severs (gas manager).—Mr. Bailey's report was read, and a resolution that the Board would be liable for any damage done whilst laying an air pipe over the bridge at Oughtrington in connection with the Ileatley bewerage scheme wai passed.—Mr. Fevers sulimitted his usual report, which stated than the consumption of ~as dating the past month had been 1,540,000 cubic feet, against 1,435,500 cubic feet for the corre3plnding month of the previous year, being an increase or 101,500 cubic feet.—Mr. Rouse reported that the practice of the fire brigade was held on the previous Saturday at three p.m., when the various hydrants in the village were tested, and found to be in a satisfactory conddi in. The report as passed, and the Board resolved itself into com- mittee.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
SOME YANKEE YARNS.

BEING ACTUAL EXPERIENCES.

gY LUKE BLUNT.

We were sitting together, chatting about things in geqieral, when the conversation turned upon foreign experiences. Both Willotson and Benz ii had travelled America,and were soon interchanging opinions and experiences. The drink question and tile public morals of the great c4ntinenr were under debate. Both parties were agrect! that taken gen- erally, there was more vice of all sorts in the large cities in Amex ice, than in cities of the same size in England. " English people "said Willotson" ore very much mislead on this subject. 1 haTe 14eea letters and articles by the dozen in English journals—includ- ing Warrini,Tton.papers—in which the writers vox that they have spent days without seeing a drunken' person in American cities. It is simple nonsense. I have been in New York, in Chicago. in New Or- leans,and in Boston, and I have seen in those places more drinking, gambling and general vice than in' any four large cities in the United Kingdom. The people who come with these flattering reports are evidently persons who remain pretty closely in one sphere of society,—in the religious sects. I can as- sure you " concluded Willotson sinding" whisky drinkers are abnormally developed—or their drink- ing propenseties are, in America."

"That reminds me of a very remarkable experience that happened me in a prohibition State " put in Benzon. " 1 was invited by a Puritan family to a coming of age party. Besides the fonr sons and two parents there were several friends present. Everything was carried out in a strictly Puritanical spirit—there was not even a smell of intoxicating liquors to be discovered. As the night wore on, however, one of the sons approached me and asked if I would like to take a mouthful of fresb air on the verandah. We strolled out together end pre- sently my companion began to fumble about his breast pocket and said, in a slightly embarrassed way: "Sort of had an idea Benzon that maybe soft' drinks airnt al-tigetner in your line." " Ne ! Not entirely so."

" Wall " nervooly " have a ball' (a drink) out of this 'en. It's whisky sours." Ile handed me the flask and went on hurriedly to explain. "It's this way. The old people and brothers ere all down on liquor. But I like to have jest a drop by as medi- cine—you follow—jest fer emergencies; sort of foolish to push principles too far. So I keep this bottle unknown to them; 'cause it would sort of hurt their feelings. You follow." We quailed and then returned indoors. In about half-an-hour the father, a long-faced, smileless old Puritan came,and took me by the arm, and said : " In the midst of our tribulations we find solace Mr. Benzon. Yo'r my solace for this evening, for I'm going to leadern the frivolity of this evening by a sober chat with yo' on this troubled question of the tariff. Come right along o' me to my room Mr. Benzon."

Atter a few minutes discussion on the tariff the old man said ; " To aint a prohibition man Benzon. o! No more am I. But the family air—they an bound with invulnerable bonds to the question of temperance, Mr. Benzon, and it would snook their unsophisticated hearts if the old man broke the . unanimity of the family. So I keep a little flask of sours away up here, and I have a plug now and then, and t key aint any wiser. Don't be afraid on it Mr. Benzon—it aint forty rod." Well a short time afterwards a younger brother asked me on to the verandah. Precisely the same ; thing hsppeued as with the other brother. I was beginning to get frisky, and can correctly describe myself a 9 being in good spirits. By and by, the ol,:t tla.mtn bobl,Aing up. She sala I "I was just saying to Mrs. Harper how yo' resemble my young brother—Jim, he died o' small pox, pc; goad soul—To' beaver so much like him. To' aint seen his photo! No! Come right along with me, then." She grew pathetic ever that photo, and fell to weeping a trifle. Presently she said " Alt me ! What a soft, old soul I be, Mr. Benzon. The least thine puts me out, and I don't know as how I should get thro' if it wern't for a nip o' whisky. Oid Ben nor the boys don't know it—l sometimes wish they did—but oh ! what treuM they think !" This whisky was weaker than the other, but it made me begin to feel suspicious about myself. I would probably have pulled through, however, had it not been that still another brother, under the pretence of showing me the melon patch by moon- light, took me out and told me he was the only black sheep in the family—the oaly one given to secret drinking. Though I began, after this last draught, to distrust everything I did or said, I should still have tried to brave matters out had I not, upon returning,seen the old man endeavouring to catch my eye again. I knew another round of confidences would be fatal to my sense of sedate- ness2-so I left."

" Well," said Willotson, "speaking about whisky sours reminds me of a curious meeting I had with an old Western saloon-keeper. It was in a small place in the State of Montana. We were passing ihrough on a prospecting tour. We stayed at the., only saloon. There were three of us. The sole refreshment to be obtained was whisky. So two of us ordered,' whisky straights' (unmixed whisky). the other ordered a' whisky sour.' !Inv!!e whikk- ~,trA.;--1-t." drawled, tne 1241 i '"4 • .__,per,Lt " said a 'whisky sour`." "Yew have it • straight'." " I'll have what I ordered."

'` Yew're to have a ' whisky straight,'" thundered the man, pulling out a pistol and point- ing it at our friend who quietly submitted. When this was over the saloon-keeper grew quite friendly, and hospitable, awl in a confidential outburst he admitted that When yew got in yewr lett I had to hunt grass, part. There was only one trick as I knew to play again that whisky sour.' But its all fixed now, so pur, it thar, pard "(offering his liauo). This metaphorical speech meant that the saloon-keeper did not know how to mix a whisky sour.' and to his way of looking at the matter it was more honourable for him to shoot our friend, than to admit his own ignorance.

" Well, only a month after that I entered, in the same State, one of the old-fashioned prayer meet- ing houses. And I saw quite as extraordinary an incident there. The congregation consisted chiefly of pious farmers and a few religiously inclined miners. It was a very pious, and sombre congrega- tion—such a thing as the shadow of a smile never once disturbed the imperturbable aspect. of deep devotion which brooded on every face. It was a true type of a settlement congregation. Towards the close of the service the minister, as is the cus- tom, asked for some brothers to please take round the boxes.' I noticed a young man, who looked like a broken-down clerk from an Eastern State, get up and pass round the box near the top end of the building. Presently, the voice of the minister broke the silence by solemnly uttering : " If that young man leaveth the Lord's House with that box, he will surely be damned." "And l'il be denied if he hasn't," gravely remarked a sallow-faced farmer, to my right, who quietly followed the strange young man out. The reports of two pistol shots in the road were heard audibly from the meeting house, and in a few moments the sallow-faced farmer, quite unruffled,tip-toed gently to the rostrum and there deposited the stolen box. I Then he quietly returned to his seat."'

The conversation next turned upon the different manner in which the Southern States people take to improvements which are generally eagerly adopte-d by the people in the Eaetern States. "In New Orleans," said Willotson, "the inhabitants as a rule take very badly to innovations in the way of improvements. When I was there, not long ago, the first electric tram had been introduced. The old cars had been drawn formerly by a single mule, and the people were very loth to forsake them for the improvement. The only person, indeed, who appeared to appreciate the new car was a negro,who acted as servant to me. Respecting these cars he one day said : "Golly, Marser, white man is a gemmen, en dere aint no doubt on de marten" "Indeed Jake. Whets he done now ?" -

" What he done ! Giong Mar, yo' foolin'Jakee. Ee-ee-e !" • " tio ! what is it." "Why white man—why, fus he come an' free de , nigger, an' den Limner, an' den he come an' free de mule. Golly! Elecktrick car am tine." P.S.—As the facts contained in my contributions lire generally beyond all question, so far as veracity goes, I would point out that while believing the above 'yarns 'to be quite true, I do net stake my reputation upon their authenticity. I value very much my reputasion for veracity, for, to quote :t Well-known author, truth oczes from me like otter of roses oozes from the otter.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
THINGS HEARD AND SUN.

AT WARRINGTON.

The Wallington" J.P.'s " where conspicuous )jt their absence at the Police Court, on Monday mon- ing. Mr. T. Birchall was the only magistrate wlo made it his business to attend at the appointed time. Several important cases were awaiting to ln heard, and they necessitated the attendance of tw) magistrates, it was 'New Year's Day,and one would have thought that the magistrates would have bea anxious to make a good beginning. But no! thre was the informal opening of the Shin Canal to tempt them into unheeding the good old maxim " Business before pleasure," and, some at least yielded to the temptation. More than a score Rf persons ware present in court, and they were kept silently looking at each other whilst the police were telephoning and " hunting up" another magistrate. At last they succeeded with Mr. John Burgess al- though it was rot the appointed day for that gentleman, and at ten minutes to eleven the busi- ness of the court was proceeded with.

The members of the Corporation thoroughly enjoyed their trip along the Ship Canal to Manches- ter on Monday—evecially one member. I refer to Councillor Smethurst. The worthy councillor must have a rare pair of lungs, for he scarcely ever gave them a rest from the time of leaving Worrington to the journeys end. He led the cheering all the way. A man of his temperament is just the man for an occasion like the opening of the canal, for he keeps everybody alive, but by the by, what did he do with his tall hat between Warrington and Manches- ter?

The Helvetia made a good show along the course, end Mr.Sionks has every reason to be proud of her, for she beat every vessel which entered into com- petition with her, even beating the America, one of the largest of the Liverpool tug boats. There was one thing which I noticed was conspicuous by its absence in the procession, and which would other- wise have helped to enliven the proceedings. I refer to the absence of brass bands. A number of brass hands playing away at" Sailing, sailing, over the Ship Canal," would have been very appropriate to the occasion.

Warrington will soon be accustomed to hearing the sounds which seafaring vessels make. The noise of the syrens of the steamers when passing Moore and Thelwall can be heard quite distinctly in the. Bank Quay district. At first, they considerably surprised the inhabitants of that locality. They could not imagine for the life ot them what it was that was making such noises, and when told that it was the Ship Canal steamers, they were rather in- credulous. However, since the terrible noise made at Latchford locks last Monday, just before the procession commenced, all their incredulity has disappeared.

The Rev. Peter Mackenzie appeared at Bold-st., Wesleyan Chapel on Sunday and Monday, after about three years absence. lie should have given a lecture last year, but the smallpox epidemic frightened him away, as it did other lecturers. His comicality shows no signs of diminution, and roars of laughter were very frequent at both the sermons and lecture. The word Reverend before his name does not seem to be very appropriate, for he does not appear to have the " bump " of reverence to a very great degree. I have heard a tale about. Mr Mackenzie, for the accuracy of which Ido not vouch, but still, it is not at all improbable. In his college days, he would very frequently engage in outdoor service:?, at times not altogether approved of by the authorities of the college. Onone occa- sion he was holding one of these sorvic:es, when a ! brother student was 5e t to fetch him back. Seeing ttlt •-•.tudent coming, and gue,ising his errand, Mr. Mackenzie &terminal to get the better of him. With great solemnity, he called out " And now Mr.-- (referring to the student), will engage in prayer?" Needless to say, the student, did not get an immedi- ate chance of bringing back the the truant to the college. Mr. Mackenzie i& very popular all over the country, and, in regard to his lectures, is gener- ally' booked" for a place about two years before- hand.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
MERLIN..

FIRST WARRINGTON ST.A.RR. BOWKETT BUILDING SOCIETY.

ANNUAL MEETING.

The seventh annual meeting of the above building society was held in the Legii-street schoolroom on Thureday night. There was only a moderate num- ber of members present which was doubtless due to the severe weather. On the motion of Mr. J. Titchet t, seconded by Mr. H. Bond,Mr. W. Hickman was elected chairman. The Chairman in his open- ing speech, expressed his pleasure at being able to attend the seventh annual meeting. He was also pleased that they had such a splendid report for the year. He had been looking through the reports of the society since its commencement, and had made a few notes which would be of interest to the members present.. He found that in the first year, their income was £ll3 es. 5d., and their outgo £l3O 9seleav- ing something like £l7 deficit, which was accounted for by formation expenses. In the second year, the income ; was £l3O 10s. 11d., and outgo £lO3 12s. 0:1., making a prop: La In the third year the income was 4109, [ eta outgo 41 ]it. id„a nri ei IU. The 19tutti ; sr%,MCOme was Z 133, ',lnto 03, a ritoAt of £lO, In the fifth year, the income was £ll6, outgo £9l, making a profit of £25. The total profits up to last year had been over 5.::60. He was glad to ray that the past year had been the best year,as far as profits were concernedi that they had had since the commencement of the Rociety. Something over £6O had been gained, after all wore•e • expenses 'had been paid. (Applause.) Thig eg . profit had te4eD partly made by the action of the direc. appropritions, and re-selling thorn tors in purchasiei again, and thus maki.7 Oreiderable profit. TI:13, had cut down the expenses :"...Isere in order thaD he Society should be placed upoe and financial bl3ii. The dircetors badalso conceded part of ttioi.7 Small fees to help the Saciety. Last year, their Secretary eery kindly consented to forego £lO of his salary, which brought to £4O per annum. They had had another director'ir meeting,and he had finther conceded anether E 5. If they couldsell the appropriations as they bought them,andwith this reduced expenditure, they mieht look forward to a very prosperous year. (Applause.) They had passed through a very trying year—the most trying year in commerce since the formation of the Society. Be referred to the coal dispute, which had shaken the com- mercial world to its centre, but the Society had come hrough it very well indeed. They had expected a great number of witialn wets in consequence of poverty, dis- tress, and lack of employment, but there had not been so many as they expect. a. The members were no doubt wishing ler more 'appropriations. Ile could promise them that there would be more appropriations during the coming year. There was one way in which members could help the society and themselves. There was at present a £2OO appropriation which had been purchased by the society and offered to the members for sale. There was a good opportunity for the members, who could puichase it by the deferred Payment system, thus spreading their repayment over a large number of Years. In conclusion, he congratulated the society upon its financial stability. They were quite solvent, and they were well secured. (Applause.)—Mr. Allen asked how many members were waiting for appropriations.—The The Secretary (Mr. Titchett) : " There are two."—Mr. Allen then wished to know why they were geieg to have an appropriation that night, as lie had given notice to take up one.—lt was explained to Mr. Allen that it was necessary to give a month's notice of an appropriation, and that his notice had come in since that notice had been issued.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
V LECTION OF DIRECTORS.

The returning directors, Messrs. G. J.Brown,B.Farrar, W. Hickman, and J. Critchley were re-elected unani- mously, on-the proposition of Mr. Ho'ford, seconded by Mr.Beddard.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
RI.RCTION OF AUDITORS.

It was decided to give a fee of three guineas to the auditors at the forthcoming audit, and the retiring audi- tors Messrs. F. Pearson and J. Edwards were re-elected on the motion of Mr. Critchley, seconded by Mr. Owen.

A',,T APPROPIIIATION.

The 49th appropriation was then held, Mr. Hickman bein,!, voted to the chair. Messrs. Holford and Lloyd were appointed scrutineers,and a little boy named '1 hoe. Guest drew the balls out. The successful member was Mr. Alfred Henry Dunn, Lovely-lane, whose number is 15, and who becomes entitled to a loan of £4OO. A vote ot thanks to the Chairman concluded the meeting.

In some instances a man's name oddly fits his occupa- tion. Over a livery stable in art American town once hung the sign, " Trotter and Rideout." " Irish and English "is the name of a firm in Buffalo, New York. The strangest thing about it is the; Mr. Irish is English and Mr. English is Irish. .

.. We are informed that three more Anglican clergymen have been received into the Roman Catholic Church during the last few days. Each of these gentlemen was a member of the English Church Union. It is said that no fewer than 1.4 Anglican clergymen have become Catholics since the judgment in the Lincoln case. • A labourer named William flhrris was executed at Warwick on Tuesday for the murder of a young girl at Birmingham. The convict was one of the most brutal " roughs" in Birmingham, and the crime which he com- mitted was of such a dreadful nature that not the slightest attempt was made in any crater to obtain alb Tnitig • ti,_,n of ts,-_, smtnce.

vigtsr

~

tAik'. .4, 'it'

===== 0002601_18940106_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
INFLUENZA. (La Grippe). There can belittle doubt that Influenza is as prevalent now in this country as it has ever been, but as we are mere accustomed to it, it attracts less attention. The symptoms are so well known as to require no desctiption, but the causes are less understood. It is, how3ver, certain that when the system has run down asd is in what is termed a low condition, that it is pecsliarly liable to an attack of INFLUENZA, on LA. GRIPPE. Nany remedies have been suggested, but it is gener- ally acknowledged that the best treatment is nourishing fend, warmth, and a good tonic. the best tonic is QUININE. And it his been clearly demonstrated that the best and most effective way of administering Quinine is the form of GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. These Bitters have many advantages, which are now fuly recognised :- 1. They are PURELY VEGETABLE, and are a plea- sant and safe way of taking Quinine. 2. They have stood the test of TWENTY YEARS, and are acknowledged to be a HAPPY COMBINATIO‘i of the Best Medicinal Plants yet discovered ; such as Quinine. Sarsaparilla, Lavender, Gentian, Dandelion, Stc., mixed in scientific proportions, and forming a Tonic prepara- tion which is ABSOLUTELY UNEQUALLED. 3. We claim that by taking a dose of these Quinine Bitters daily, say about 11 o'clock, and thus keeping the system in good order. INFLUENZA CAN BE KEPI' OFF. 4. We also claim that after an attack of Influenza, when the patient is suffering from extreme weakness, lassitude, and low spirits, there is no preparation yet dis- covered equal to GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS. To strenoten the system and revive the spirits. ONE WORD OF CAUTION. All good things, whether in medicine or anything else, are now imitated; and the great success of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters has been the means of starting many imitations which are absyutely of no value com- pared with these Bitters. The only advantage offered as an inducement to buy them, is,—that they are cheaper. This we admit, but I assert that WORTHLESS imitations ARE DEAR, AT ANY We hold ourselves responsible for every package, which bears the name Gwilym Evans on the stamp, label and bottle, and tor no other. Sold by all Chemists, in bottl.!s at 23. 9d. and 43. 6d. each, sample bottles at is. 141. QUININE BITTERS MANUFACTURING CO., LTD.. LLANELLY, SOUTII WALES.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

T m Errs.

At the Warrington B,rough Court on Monday, three petty theft cases were heard. Sarah James of Chester- road, Wilderspool was charged with stealing from tha shop of Edgar V. Morton, St. James'-street, a woman's shawl, value 4s. 61. Prisoner pleaded guilty. Joseph Ashton, assistant at Mr. Morton's shop, deposed that the prisoner came into the shop to pawn a shawl, and on going out she was seen to take the shawl prcducesl from the doorway. Information was given to the police and P.C. Bell found the prisoner in the lower, Bridge-street, pawning the shawl. She was under the influence of drink at the time. She was fined too costs, 19s.— James Hawkins and Alfonso Cullen were charged with stealing from the licensed premises of the Victoria Vaults on Saturday night, three lbs of beef, the property of the landlord. Peter Rafter. The evidence showed that the prisoner Hawkins was met by the landlaiy in the lobby with the beer under his coat. The beef was taken from the prispner. and it was found to be the property of the landlord. Thera was no evidence against Cullen, and he was discharged, but Hawkins was tined the costs, 19s.— Thomas Callighan was charged with stealing from the licensed premises of the Bridge Inn, about 7 a.m. on Sunday morning, a jar containing half a gallon of ruin, value 10s., the pr verty of Joseph Ashton. Sergeant Cheney said on looking inside the common lodging house at 23, Bank-street, about 7.30 on Sunday morning he saw the prisoner and another man drinking rum from the bottle produced. The prisoner's answers 'not being satisfactory as to how he became in possession of the rum, he was locked up. He soon afterwards admited taking it from the Bridge Inn. He had gone down the cellar early on Sunday morning, and filled the bottle from a cask. The magistrates fined the prisoner ss. including costs, considering that Mr. Ashton must knave left his souse in a very unguarded position ; and they hoped he Would be more careful in future. THEFTS FROld WARRINGTON MARKET.

At the Borough Court on Thursday morning, Alderman Sutton in the chair, Jane Davenport, wife of Samuel Davenport, residing at 122, Lugsdale-road, Widnes, appeared te answer three charges of theft preferred against her, committed on lArediirsday afternoon. She pleaded guilty to stealing from the stall of James West in the Warringtox Market Place, four ounces of wool, value is. ; from the stall of Frederick Littlewood, one pair of stockings and gloves, value is., and from the stall of Alfred Peacock, three pinafores, value 3s. 61. The Chief Constable (Mr. Hunt) stated that at four o'clock the previous day, Detective Monaghan saw the defendant go to the stall of Mr. West. She was scen to put some wool in her shawl, and aft Twards in her bas- ket. She was also seen by Detective Monaghan and Alfred Peacock to take a pair of stockings -and a pair of gloves from Mr. F. Littlewcod's stall. At Mr. Peacock's stall she purchased a child's pinafore for which she paid Bd. and whilst the parcel was being made up, Mr. Pea- cock saw her take three other pinafores from his stall. She was take' to the Police Station, and admitted tak- ing the articles. The magistrates fined her ss. on each charge. The Chairman remarked that every precaution should be taken by stallholders in the market, as the articles were very easy for some people to purloin with- out being noticed—Henry Heath, a youth, residing with his parents at 51, Dallam-lane, was charged with stealing ! from the market stall of William Hewitt, of Priestly-st., a brass lock and key, gimblet and other articles value sd. The lad pleaded guilty. D.S. Monaghan saw Heath take the articles. A conviction was accorded against him. TRESPASSING ON THE RAILWAY.

At the Warrington Borough Court on Friday, John Hollinc,worth, the "Roan Cow," St. James-street,Oswald Cook, Boon-street, Manchester, Thomas Shepherd, 20, New-road, Daniel Dag,nall, B,School-street,Alfked i atli or 18, Sparling-street, James Broadhurst, 20, New-road, Alfred Buckley, 24, Janaes-street, Henry Green, 19, New- road, Thomas Cook, 6 Sparrling-street,Thomas Caldwell, off Knutsford-road, James Taylor, 227, Mersey-view, Joseph Henry Taylor, 251, Mersey-view, and Frederick Sharpies, 201, Mersey-view. were each charged that on November 26, they unlawfully trespassed upon the London and North Western Railway, thereby expos- ing themselves to risk of danger, contrary ts, section 41 of the London and North Western Additional Powers Act, of 1883. Mr. A. Browne defended. Detective Ede said that about 10 a.m. on November 26, he saw the defendants cross the two lines of metals of the London and North Western railway near the football field. Holl- ingworth was carrying a gun, and there were also some dogs. They got over the hedge into the held opposite and were making preparations for sparrow shooting, when witness along with P.C. Turner went to them and took their names and addresses. There was no crossing at the place where the defendants went over the railway. There were notice boards warning trespassers put up previous to the date of the present charge.—Cross

examined—Thera was a beaten track leading tO the metals on each side of the railway, but that was caused by poachers.—P.C. Turner gave corroborative evidence. —Mr. Browne said that his instructions were that no notice boards had been put up until the beginning of December. The day being Sunday, he contended that ' they were not in danger of their lives owiig to ' the fsw trains on that day .—Th9 magistrates considered that the charge was not a serious one, and fined each defendant 2s. 63. including costs.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
`. 1--.)

Ei S

THE HIGHEST AN ONLY AWARD IN THE BRITISH SECTION AT THE WORLD'S FAIR, CHICAGO.

THESE FAMOUS TEAS ARE TO BE HAD AT ALL LIPTON'S BRANCHES AND AGENTS.

1h1141:Wr "X'l3llM X=EX 4Cs 30 Ms NZ' X2O t-11‘ 9 ,4-10 4. 4 ia-M.LAIILI4I7X`, 1/-1 and 1 per lb. FXI33I[7M C03Ft.7.-4•'`""cl C031:1011:3r4C3M at 1/7 per lb

NO HIGHER PRICE.

9

===== 0002601_18940106_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
AND

COFFEE

PLANTER,

Mal" FT 0 IV; Ceylon Tea & Coffee Shipping Warehouses, Maddema Mills, Cinnamon Gardens, Colombo. Ceylon Offices, Upper Chatham Street, Colombo. Indian Tea Shipping Warehouses & Export Stores, flare Street, Strand, Calcutta. Indian Offices, Dalhousie Square, Calcutta. GENERALoFF9recEs :-1:31VTI-I STREET, crime- Room), LONDON, E.C. X.ACIC-416.1.a 333FLAL.MiTC3EIDEIS :—N,717-11..R.Ft.in,T4GI-erC)AT Cc:arrior epf 33r1clge t. eaaaci 431-ate. 21/I...A.INATC3EI3EMIC9O3EI. : 2E3, CAlcikkaaxt st., aaaci. Stratford. i=tma. (Corner of Cambridge St.) ALS3aCTICOMEmir_TINTE)=EL.Ii3r/V3331 1.75, tei3taaa3fcmcl st. ozzaisElszsa :47 n0t11232138. 31Elretxxolaes dfir .a.ggericties -tkurcrtigh.c:rtit the N717-csi-lci.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0068.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_ _

MEM

===== 0002601_18940106_art0069.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1111111111iiii.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0070.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. _

===== 0002601_18940106_art0071.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- -

===== 0002601_18940106_art0072.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1111111111

===== 0002601_18940106_art0073.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. •

===== 0002601_18940106_art0074.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MEM

===== 0002601_18940106_art0075.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MIMI

===== 0002601_18940106_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
CEYLON.

romosat,- 1, A

rlO IBE JIM 3F" X Wir" "XI

NO HIGHER PRICE.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
TEA

MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGrII POLICE COURT.

MONDAT.—Before Mr. _T. Birchall (chairman), and Mr.

John_ Burgess.

A DESERTER.—Edward Handy was charged with be- ing a deserter from Her Majesty's Royal Marine:, while on recruiting services at Coventry. He was remanded to await an escort. A SERIOUS CHARGIC—James Kelly, was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Turner-st., at 6.45 on Saturday the 30th ult.,and further charged with asaault- ing P.C. Evans whilst in the execution of his duty, and also with assaulting a young woman named Alice Hough- ton at the same time and place. A remand was asked for until Saturday next. P.C. Evans said on Saturday night from information received, he went to Turner-st. He saw the defendant there drunk and disorderly. He had his shirt sleeves rolled up and was without coat or hat on, challenging to fight. The defendant was taken into austody, and on the way to the police station he was very rough. He kicked witness OH the ankle several times and butted him with his head, and it was with great difficulty he got him to the police station. Witness returned to 3, Turner-st., and there saw Alice Hough- ton, a young woman, lying unconscious. She had lost a large quantity of blood. Two witnesses were in court to prove that the prisoner had assaulted the woman. She was suffering from internal injuries, and ,would be un- able to appear for a week. TRANSFER OF LICENBES.—The folLvring transfers of

licenses were granted :—Off licen,e, 19, Gaskell-et.,from Wm. Atherton to Thomas Athsrton ; off license, 33, Pinner's Brow, from Mary Houghron to Wm. Milner ; off license, 24, Warburton-si . from Owen Jones to Henry Humphreys; off license, 223, Winwick-rnad, from Ralph linsworth to Owen Jones.

TIIESDAY.—Before Mr: R. Garnett (chairman), and Mr.

J. 11. Fleming:.

DRUNK AND DlSORDERix.—Patrick Borns, Naylor-_st.,

was fined 5. including costs, for this offence in -Naylor- st., the previous afternoon, and Frank Maloney, was fined a similar sum for being drunk and disorderly in Dial-se., the same afternoon. ASSAULTING THE POLICE.—Peter Hares and Ellen

Bares, --b-rcitii- and -. sister, were charged with being drunk and disorderly in Vernon's yard, the previous night,and also with assaulting P.C.'s Robinson and Lox- ham whilst it the execution of their duty. P.C. Robin- son said that at a quarter to twelve midnight, his atten- tion was called to the two prisoners. He SAW the male prisoner abusing the female prisoner. He put them in the house and left them, but soon afterwards, he heard the woman screaming and moaning. He looked through the window and saw the woman on the floor and the male prisoner on the top of her striking her and threat- ening to cut her throat. The door was locked, but they eventually allowed witness, who was now accompanied by P.C. Loxham, to enter the house. They took the male prisoner into custody, but the female prisoner became very disorderly, and she was also taken into custody. Both prisoners were very rough on being brought to the police station, and Assaulted witness. He was bitten on the finger, and kicked on the knee. P.C. Loxhani who was also bitten on the finger, gave evidence as to the assault. Both prisoners were drunk. Inspector Spinks said the conduct of the prisoners in the cells had been abominable. They were each fined las. and costs or 14 days' imprisonment. WEDNESDAY.—Before Messrs. John Fairclough (chair- man) and J. Geddes. WORKHOUSE INMATES HAYING THHIR DAY OUT.— Margaret Leonard, a workhouse inmate was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Bridge-st. on the previous evcning.—P.S. Smith proved the case.—Mr. Curry, the workhouse janitor said that prisoner had been allowed eut of the workhouse until eight o'clock at night, but she appeared to have had too much drink to return. Prisoner was remanded to the woikhouse.—Mary Grimes and Mary Garritty, were also arrested by P.C. Amson on the same charge on the previous night. They also being inmates, they were ordered back to the workhouse. IN SEARCH OF LODGINGS.—George Lang (no address) , was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Knutsford-road on the previous evening.—P.S. Smith said that on the previous evening, prisoner came to him near the "Cheshire Cheese," and said that he could find no lodgings. He also said that he might as well be in gaol as wandering about. He refused to go away, and attempted to smash a window. He was drunk and became so disorderly that he had to be brought to the police station.—the magistrates fined him ss. and costs or seven days. DRUNK IN CHARGE OF A CART.—Patrick Gillick was charged with being drunk in charge of a horse and cart in Florsemarket-st., on the previous morning. he had • been allowed out on bail during the day, and when his name was called he failed,to appear. Mr. Herlgcuck, one, of the badmen was called in, and was told that if pri- soner was not found, lie would have to lose the £5 bail. Mr. Hedgcock's anxiety was, however. allayeil before the magistrates left the court, for the prisoner turned up, saying that he was mistaken in the time. —P.C. Clough in giving evidence said that prisoner was totally unfit to be in charge of a horse and cart, and fell down against the wheul of the cart.—Prisoner was fined ss. and costs or seven days.

FRlDAY.—Before Alderman Wright (chairman), Gault.

cillor Roberts, and Mi:_W,•Pierpoint.

A WOMEN. 9 QuAnum..—Kateßrathing,2s, Albert-terrace, was charged with assaulting Thomas Firth, a little boy, on December 28. There was also a summons against Mary Ann Firth,the mother of the boy,for using threats against Kate Brathing on the same date. The case appear- ed to be a paltry quarrel between the two women, and the magistrates dismissed it. ASSAULT.—CharIes Higginson was fined 103. or seven days, for assaulting Joseph Woods 3n New Year's Day.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON PETTY SESSIONS

SATURDAY.—Before Messrs. T. J. Gillespie (chairman), T. D. Grimke-Drayton, J. L. Wood, R. Stone, N. McCorquodale, and W. Mitchell. DRUNKENNESS.—MichaeI Kelly, Michael Costello, an d Michael Gill. all of Newton, were punished for cemmitt- ing this offence. BREACH OF TIIE PEACE.—Patrick Donellan,and Francis Riley were charged with committing a breach of the peace in Earle-st., Earlestown, by fighting on the 2nd ult. P.C. Burns proved the case and the defendants were bound over for three months. VIOLATIONS OF THE WEIOIIT3 AND MEASURES ACT.— Rebecca Locker was fined 10s. for having a pair of un- stamped scales in Earlestown, on the 6th ult.—Joseph Taylor, butcher,, was fined ss. and costs in cach case for having a pair of unstamped scales, and also unjust weights on December 28th. Inspector Bpence proved both cases.

ALLEGED ASSAULT ON A WOlLlN.—Thomas Water- worth of Go'borne, was charged with assaulting Mary E. Cooper. also of Go'borne, on December 6:h. Mr. Stuart defended. The complainant's evidence was to the effect that defendant and she had some unpleasantness, and he came into her house and deliberately struck her in the face. Isaac Cooper, and Edmund Twiss gave corro- borative evidence. Mr. Stuart denied that any assault had been committed ,but that his client simply prevented a friend of his from being assaulted by the Coopers. Mrs. Howarth and William Cox supported this statement, and the magistrates dismissed the case.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
. I Gm.. S

I • t.. 1 Tr, 'l' • I Art.;

HAVE GAINED

THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, TANUARY 6, 1894.

THEFT OF COAL.—George Harrison was charged with stealing 461bs. of coal, valued 3d., on December Bth, thc, property of Messrs. Richard Evans and Co. P.C. Harri- son, a constable in the employ of Messrs. Richard Evans, said that on the above date, he was on duty in the works, when he saw the defendant get upon a coal wag- gon, and throw some pieces upon the ground. He then got down and was carrying off the coal when witness arrested him. He begged to be let off as it was his first offence. The magistrates bound defendant over to ap- pear. when called upon but said that they would not be so lenient with such cases in the future.

THEFT or PmEoris.—Michael Donall, Haydeck, was charged with steeling two homing pigeons value ss. ,the property of Frederick Wm. Halton, Haydock, on Dec. 6th. Mr. Stuart, who prosecuted, said that on the above date, his client missed the pigeons and the police suc- ceeded in discovering that the defendant had taken them, and when apprehended, he did not deny having stolen them. The magistrates inflicted a fine of Sc. and costs.

EXTENSITIS THEFT OF FOWLS.—James Hayes was charged that on the 23rd December, he stole 15 fowls the property of Harold Griffin, provision dealer, Haydock. The complainant said that he found the fowls were miss- ing, and informed the police wko apprehended the de- fendant with a large number of fowls legs and feathers in his possession. These were identified by the com- plainant as being the remains of the fowls missing. Defendant was tound over to appear when called upon, STEALING EYENIt<Or PAPERS.— Richard Edleston, twelve years of age, was sentenced to receive twelve strokes for having on Friday stolen from the Earlostown Railway Station a parcel containing the" Manchester Evening News," value 10d. Henry Anderson, traveller for the " Evening News," said that in consequence of this particular parcel having been stolen eight times previously, witness visited Earlestown Station and saw the prisoner take a parcel from the truck on the plat- form and run away.

a forward rush and found touch at half way. James Bate next got going, and looked like scoring when Cross- ley grassed him on the line. The Bates again took advantage of smart play by the Warrington front rank, but an over anxiety saw the visitors penalized, the kick acting as relief to the hard pressed Saints. Heesom's ' charge was not long in danger, for the Bates again passed finely, and though L. Pilkington tried to get through, the Warrington backs did not permit of his travelling far. Thorniley and Berry were the leaders in a sterling dribble, and then Potts and Evans with pretty play had the oval again hovering near the Saints' posts. L. Pilking,tou was the saviour of his side frustrating a movement by Turner and Davies, and then the Bates and Massey passed accurately again, the speedy back being thrown into touch a few yards from the line, James Bate was foiled on the line, whilst Nevins expetienced the hardest of luok a minute later. A kick by Seddon was met by Evans, but an appeal for a mark by the Warringtonian was answered in the negative. From the ensuing scrim- mage the locals rushed to the Warrington quarter flag, and J. Pilkington accepting a pass was well tackled by Heesom. but, the ball was handed over to Dolan, who scored a try in a favourable position, although Moly- neux failed to land the sphere over the bar. Following this came a hasty visit to the Saints' lines, and after Seddon had relieved, fast following up by Berry and Bailey saw Crossley well held. By the aid of vigorous tactics the locals again resumed the attack, but every- thing' came alike to Heesorn, wile met the opposition in the coolest manner imaginable. Dolan and Fildes rushed past Evans and Potts, but the visiting custodiaa saved splendidly. James Bate relieved, only to see L. Pilking- ton race across to the popular side, to find his career checked by Potts. The Bates passed well, and Massey took up the running, and in success-lye line-outs Berry and Davies were noticeable. The interval arrived with each side being credited with a try. The restart was followed by brilliant exchange kick- ing, and now that the visitors had the advantage of the wind, the ball rare 4, escaped the local half. Grand running and kicking by Janes Bete severely menaced the home goal, mad so keen was the attack that the Saints at once adopted tactics to upset the combination of the visitors' half back s. Repeatedly glaring instances of illegal tackling were noticeable, but each time the offender escaped scot free, and the play was chiefly con- fined to the forwards. Passing only cause at intervals, but the kicking of the respective backs was greatly ad- mired. Some grand play by John Bate and rats in- creased the pressure, and Turner took a mark at half- way, but the kick was charged, Heesom stepping into breach and causing the locals to beat a hasty retreat. Davies made his tna,rk on the popular touch, but little ' advantage was gained, and it was left to the Bates to again take the ball to the line. Carey here made a bold bid for a major point, and was only pushed into touch a few yards from the line. Then ensued a round of passing by the Warrington backs, but the lead could not he gained whilst in response Pilkington effected a brilliant run across the ground, passing to Hughes, who was floored by fleesom. In the last few minutes Evans had a capi- tal chance, but the opening was not accepted, and time came with the score equal, a try each.

WARRINGTON A v. ST. HELENS RaCS. A.—This contest wal played on the Wilderspool ground on New Year's ' Dsy, and a splendid exposition of fine passing by the home three-quarters was witnessed. The game had not been in progress many minutes before Cross, snapping an opponent's pass, got in easily. Then the Saints' had , a lank in by vigorous forward play, only to see Cross and Barber regain most of the lost ground, and some tine passing between Mason, Cross, and Broady, enabled the the latter to get over. The Recs. forwards then got together, and bustling their opponents got juts dangerous quarters when Broady, Lawless, Holmes, and Houghton transferred to warfare to the other end, where some splendid passing between Houghton, Cross and Broady saw the last named running over the line, obtaining a tine try. Midfield wcrk ensued, until Higharn, Thornton and Coggins dribbled right to the line. The ball was returned, and from a long kick a misunderstanding bet ween two players saw Wilson scoring, the half-time score being Warrington three tries to one. Upon the resumption the visitors attacked, but a fine rush by Hampson, Hig ham, Froth, and Holmes catryin,g the oval into the Saints' 25. Directly afterwards Barber secured a pass, and eluding his opponents splendidly dashed along touch, winding up a brilliant try behind the posts. Then Mason threw to Broaiy, who almost got in and a loose rush almost carried the ball over the line. After the Rees had made another strong forward attack Mason got away from the pack, threw to Cross, who re-passed at the right moment to Barber, the latter emulating his former effort by securing another splendid try. This did not end the scoring, tke next try and rousing the enthusiasm of the onlookers. The contest was waging near the centre line, when Barber securing possession, dashed down the field, with his opponents in tent pursuit. Darting to one side this player eluded his pursuers and threw wide to Broady, who took the ball and chance also, and dodging three opponents ran in splenclidly,finishing a brilliant try under the posts. Mason converting. Nothing further was scored, Wariingtou winning by 2-4-4 to 0-1-1.

ST. HELENS v. RUNCORN.—At St. Helens, on Monday, before three thousand spectators. Both clubs had up strong teams, and play was very fast from the start. Scarcely any wind was blowing, and St. Helens winning the tass, chose to play with a strong sun in their favour. Runcorn gradually forced their way into the home quarters, where several scrimmages on the home line were dangerous, but the pressure was averted by a good dribble on the part of the home forwards. Play was removed to the centre, where the Saints had the advantage and pressed the Rumcornians. St. Helens were awarded a free kick in midfield, but the attempt by Foulkos to drop a goal was charged down. The play continued fairly even, and Houghton, the visitors' full back, distinguished himself by some clever saves. Some lively play in the Runcorn 25 resulted in Sadler; taking a splendid pass from Doherty and scoring near the posts. Cross kicked a goal. Half-time: St. Helene, 1 goal; Runcorn. nil. In the second half Appleton scored an unimproved try for St. Helens, who finally ran out winners by 8 points to nil.

RUNCORN A v.ST. HELENS A.—These teams met at the Irwell-lane enclosure on Monday afternoon, before a fair number of spectators. The teams were fairly well repre- sented. In the first: half the Cheshire lads had by far the best of the game. They severely pressed their opponents. Webb got in under the posts, but the kick at goal was charged down. Soon after Evans succeeded in scoring a try from a scrimmage, and this point also was not im- proved. Immediately subsequent to the change of ends Gayter obtaitied possession, and after a, brilliant run from near the centre of the field notched a further try, but the effort to obtain a goal was without avail. Stung by these reverses, the Lancastrians did their utmost to score, and for a time they made matters look very dan- gerous. As the result of persistent efforts they suc- ceeded in obtaining a try from a rush on the line. Al- though in art excellent position the goal kick was fruit- less. Runcorn then pressed, and ultimately a .hard- fought game ended—Runcorn 'A, 3 tries ; St. Helens A, 1 try.

ST. HELMS 17. STOOSP3RT.—PIayed before a good assernblaze. The Stockport club mourned the loss of Ashton, a clever three-quarter. Saville also was absent through illness, hut this was compensated for by Foulkes of St. Helens, playing for Lancashire. Cross kicked off for the Saints, who pressed immediately, gaining a penalty which was fruitless. Eventually the Stockport men pressed, and Speet got over from the scrimmage, but the score was not augmented. St Helens now pressed severely, Doherty mulling a very simple affair. Half-time score :—Stockport 3 points, St. Helens, nil. Just at the close of tho play Howarth scored forStockport. Final result :—Stockp)rt 2 tries, St. Helens nil.

WIGAN v. Sr. BRUINS RECTINATION.—Theie Old rivals encountered each other at Wigan on Saturday, before a crowd of about 3,000. Unsworth, Seddon, and Darby- shire were absent irom Wigan, the former being engaged assisting his county against Cheshire. Owing to a fog which enveloped the ground,it was with great difficulty the players could be recognised, Roberts made a good run but was grassed by Crossley near the line. Gradu- ally the visitors relievod, Pilkington kicking into touch, at centre. Later the visitors pressed, until Mitchinson came to the rescue, and Roberts afterwards was again is evidence wizli his shert punts, and Gill was promin- ent for the Recs. A minute later, Seddon dropped at goal, but without result, Trow kicking dead. At half- time nothing had been scored. Seddon resumed, Walkden returning well. The play was fast, both sides working hard, but the teams were evenly balanced. Wigan were smarter behind, but the Chemicals were superior in the scrimmages. Later, Mitchinson got hold, and passing to Winstanley, the latter gave to Roberts, who got over, no goal accruing. A minute later Wkitehead scored another unimproved try. Final result: —Wigan 2 tries, St. Helens Recreation nil.

BROUGHTON T. RUNCORN.—At Broughton before a poor attendance of spectators. Broughton were short of two of their selected players, whilst Runcorn, owing to the county match and the sickness of some of their players, had to bring most of their second team. They had, however, the assistance of two of the Sale club, though then, they could only raise a team of 14 men. The weather was foggy, which increased as the game went on, and before half-time it was difficult to distinguish the players across the field. Under these circumstances the game was of a disappointing. character, and was ohiefl4y confined to the forwards, the back divisions scarcely showing any good passing during the match. , The visitors throughout played a hard game and won by 11 points to Hone. For Broughton, Smith at full ‘eack had plenty of work to do owing to the poor combination of his three-quarters, and he cleared his line in a credi- table manner on several occasions. Manock and White- ley at half-back played a good game, whilst Shepherd and Worthington were prominent forwards. For Run- corn, Moyers at full-back and Smith at three-quarters, played a strong game, whilst Robinson at half-back was very noticeable throughout. The forwards played with rare dash and were smarter than their opponents in the loose, Beckett and Antrobus being conspicuous at the front of some capital rushes. Robinson commenced the game for Runcorn, and very quickly the home side were placed on the defensive. Whiteley got away with a neat dribble, and Piassall and Piercy improved this advantage and took play to the visitors 25 yards flag, but by short stages the Runcorn forwards worked the ball back to the centre. Richardson put in a short run to the home quarter, where Piercy intercepted a pass and dribbled to the other end, where Moyers saved within a few yards of his line. The visiting forwards got the ball in the loose, and by some capital dribbles sent the ball over the Broughton line, and Smith :racing up obtained a try for Runcorn which was not improved. On resuming ths visitors attacked, and Smith was tackled close to the home line, where some tight scrimmages followed. Manock relieved slightly, and Ha,ssail kicke I into touch at the centre. This brought about half-time. On chang- ing ends Shepherd restarted, Sawyers returning, when a loose dribble by the visitors took play td the home 25 yards' flag, which Jones stopped by kicking into touch. After the line out from another loose rush by the visiting forwards, Beckett scored a try for Runcorn, which was unimproved. After the drop-out kick, Shepherd drib- bled to the centre, and Hassell further improved matters by a short run, to the Runcorn quarter. Moyers relieved with a long kick, and with the assistance of a miskick by Piercy the Runcorn forwards dribbled inside the home quarter. Here good passing took place between Robinson, Sawyers, and Richardson, and the latter player obtained a try for Runcorn, which he improved. Restartieg, the home team commenced to pass, but no judgment was shown and very little ground was gained. Broughton began to attack, and Hassall and Piercy put in short runs to the visitors' quarter, where, from a loose dribble by the home forwards, a minor resulted. Osi resuming, Autv headed a dribble, and Hessall ran close to the visitors' line, but by short stages Runcorn removed the pressure and kept their opponents from crossing their line. •‘ No side" was at length called, with the score—Runcorn, one goal and two tries (eleven points) ; Broughtoe, nothing. The following were the teams :—Broughten : J. Smith, full back ; G. H. Piercy, T. P. H. Jones, S. Hassell and N. Duckworth, three- quarter backs ; S. Manock and W. Whiteley, half backs; A. L. Auty, F. Bradley, F. Frost, H. Hamilton, T. A. Muirhead, J. E. Shepherd, J. Walton and J. Worthing- ton, forwards. Runcorn : H. Moyers, full hack ; T. R ch a r dson , R. Siwyers and E. A. Smith, three-quarter backs ; G. Robinson and J. Hollinsworth, half hacks; H. Farmer, H. Williams, J. Moores, G. Moores, W. Bec- kett, T. Antrobus, T. Jordan and S. Haigh, forwards. Touch-line judges: Mr. J. H. Dickson (Broughton) and Mr. H. Eagles (Salford). Referee : Mr: W. Winter- bottom.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
A DESPERATE ANARCHIST.

CONFESSION OF THE MURDERS IN A BARCELONA

THEATRE. A LONG CHASE.

The Barcelona Anarchist Salvador Franch, or Santiago Salvador. who has been arrested at Saragossa for al- leged complicity in the Liceo Theatre outrage is a labour- ing man of no education. His wound is said to be seri- ous. He was pursaed by gentlarays for more than a week before his arrest, but continually evaded them by making his way along little-known mountain tracks. Be has made a confession which clears up many points hitherto obscure regarding the dynamite outrage at Bar- celona, when bombs were thrown amongst the people in the stalls at the Liceo Opera House, with appalling re- sults.

French, who is in the prison hospital at Saragossa be- ing treated for the wound in his side inflicted by him- self at the moment of his arrest, has informed the magistrates that he, and he alone, was the thrower of thehombs. There were two bombs, he explained, of which only one exploded. Per some reason, which he could not understand, the other failed to go off. Pos- sibly there was sonse defect in its construction. He carried them into tho theatre in his sash, in the folds of which the two infernal machines were easily concealed, for they were of small size. Taking his place in the second gallery. Franch waited quietly until the opera was approaching its conclusion and all eyes were on the stage. Then he moved put into the passage, where no- body was likely to observe him, and taking the bombs one in each hand, he hurled them with all his force down into the centre of the closely packed stalls, where the bourgeois were sitting. In the confusion and panic which followed the explo- sion, Franch, who was alrt-ady clear of the seats, had no difficulty in escaping from ths theatre,but knowing that the police, being cognisant of his Anarchist ideas,would be sure to arrest him,he made at once for a place of con- cealment in a house near the cemetery. Here he remained for twenty days, and then, deeming that the vigilance of the police would have relaxed, he left Barcelona and set out on foot for his native province of Teruel. For a short time he stayed with his own family at Castelseras, and then made his way to Saragossa to seek the hospitality of a friend living at that city. Franch averred that he ma e this full confession of his own guilt in order to save innocent people now in prison at Barcelona. As to the fabrication of the bombs, Ise had had no assistance at all. He had made them himself according to the prescribed formula. It was a matter of regret to him that so few people I had been killed at the Liceo Theatre-23 persons were killed, and about 40 injured,—because the Anarchists were resolved to exterminate the bourgeois. The prisoner further declared that he had from the first determined te commit suicide after having told the whole truth. He had undoubtedly made preparations for doing away with himself, for on him were a phial, a revolver and an enormous knife. It Is probable, how- ever,that be had made up his mind to sell his life dearly, and that he would have used his weapons on others be- fore turning thew on himself if he had had the chance.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
MR MONSON AND THE WAXWORKS

EXIIIBITION.

• AN EXTRAORDINALY INCIDENT.

Mr. Monson, the chief figure in the receat Ardlamont trial, paid a visit to Birmingham on Thursday in order to protest against his figure constituting one of the ad- vertised attractions of the exhibition now staged in the Winter Gardens, Birmingham, by Louis Tussaud and Co., the waxwork modellers. He had an interview with the manager, Mr. Toinschitz, and complained that a re- presentation of him had been placed in the exhibition without his knowledge. He stated that the original Madame Tussaud Company had offered him a large sum for the privilege of exhibiting a wax figure of him, and he wanted to knew whether Louis Tussaud was prepared to offer him a similar inducement. Mr. Tomschitz replied that ne indignity had been cast upon him. Ho had not been placed in the" Chamber of Horrors," but in the chief room with the Queen on one side and the Pope Leo on the ether. They had raised no objection to being put on view,and Mr. Temschitz failed to see what grievance Mr. Monson had. Mr. Monson then stated that he wa. determined that the figure should not remain on view,and left the hall, with the intention of seeing what remedy he had against the company. The news of Monson's visit Boos spread, and created an extraordinary sensa- tion.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
MIL. HAVELOCK WILSON'S AFFAIRS.

THE RECEIVING ORDER RESCINDED.

At the London Bankruptcy Court, on Thursday morn- ing, application was made t ) rescind the receiving order against Mr. J. Havelock Wilson, M.P., on the ground that all the debts had been paid in full. Receipts were handed in showing that all the debits had been paid, and the order was made and the debtor's estate reinvested in him. An order was also made upon the Official Receiver to repay the amount held by the court on the part of the " Shipping Gazette."

===== 0002601_18940106_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

'V Secretaries of FoQtball Gluts are requested to note that reports of matches played on Saturday must be sent to the head office, Bewsey-street. Warrington, not later than ten o'clock on Wednesday morning.

GEORGE G. BUSSEY and Co. are leading makers of Footballs, Hockey. Golf, and requisites for Sports, Games, and Gymnasia. Catalogue may be lied on application to the Sports Manufactory, Peckham, London, SM. BEsT 4-erea4

RUGBY. WARRINGTON v. RUGBY.

Never in the history of first-class football in this dis- trict has such a phenomenal score been scored against an opposing fifteea as was the case on Saturday, when Warrington were successful in placing ten goals and three tries (59 points) to nil against Raigby in their initial engagement at the Wilderspool enclosure. And when it is stated that the performance was accomplished without the aid of the trio of county players,the feat is all the more remarkable, seeing that Rugby were capitally represented. Evans won the toss and defended the pavi- Hod goal, aed Wynne's kick off was followed by a speedy attack on the part of the Warrington forwards, Berry and Nevins, leading the way, which Massey further helped with judicious kicking. Rugby responded, and their loose forward play mane for them many friends. The local quarters were invaded, and Wynne, •Poderiora, and Livesey passed without raining any advantage. In response to this Warrington reached the halt way, and after Clark and Evans had trick ad their opponente,Potts and Barber took up the running, and the new recruit taking his chance in tine style, galloped in a brilliant try grounding behind the posts amidst loud ciseers. Heesorn, hovvever,failed to convert. Warrington from the drop out were soon again swarming araund their opponeats' goal, and another bout of passing saw Carey running and kick- ing judiciously, but a knock on spoiled the try Lynched. Readied got clearly away from a line out, and then Nevins, Turner, end Donohue rushed their opponents, and Webb was easily floored near his charge. Rugby imitated the tactics of their opponeets, but although the transfers were fine the ground gained was but little. Pots and Massey took up some gcod work by Buckley and Berry, whilst Clarke and Evans passed out to Carey, but the latter coula not clear Munta. Turner next got going, but failing to retain his hold of the leather the chance was lost. Barber saved daringly, to be followed by Clarke running well, Carey again taking the ball to the line. Webb cleared his lines in decent fashion, and then Massey accepted a chance, and running strongly he cleared Webb in his final effort, grounding behind the poste, Evans this time doing the needful. -A grand run and kick by Heesnm placed the backs speedily on the , offensive, but Rugby, encouraged by the repeated cheers of the crowd, played up pluckily, and Sitwell got away, reaching the Warrington quarter-flag. A huge kick by Evans was poorly responded to by Webb, and this failure led up to another hot attack on the part of Clerk, Evans, Potts, and Barber. The Rugby line escape I by the merest shaye, Potts flooring Nelson on the line before he could clear. The front rank, however, passed the centre flag, and then came a brilliant bout of passing between Clark, Evans, and Potts, the last-named racing In the third try, Evans again doing the needful. No sooner had the response to the kick-off been effected than Evans got fairly away from a scrimmage, and passing to Massey this player scored, and Evans again converted into the major point. barber kicked finely, and had the better of some exchanges with Sitwell. Evans and Clark outwitted Itheir opponents is true style, and Webb had again an anxious time of it. Donohue dribbled across the field, and the outcome of this good work led up to a persietent attack, Berry eventually scoring the fitth try to this half, Evans placing his fourth goal is succession. After the interval Barber soon obliged with a good run, and then Turner took a free kick, and Webb kicked dead. However, a grand dribble by Barber through time ruck of his opponents ended in Potts scoring, and Evans again placed the goal. After Dakin had been disappointed sear the line, Bandies score 4 cleverly, but this time Evans missed the goal. Rugby struggled to centre field to re-start, but their journey was an idle essay, for the Warrington forwards wheeled their burly opponents and scrimmages ensued on the line, and from one rush Berry got in, Evans kicking his seventh goal. Rugby now presented themselves at centre in a half-hearted condi- tion, and after Evans and Clarke had passed well, Potts ran in from half war, Evans this time failing to register the major point. twice in quick succession Evans got in, and Nevins taking up the goal-kicking was successful in each instance, whilst Dakin from an irresistible rush gave Nevins a further opportunity of displaying his " majoriaing " abilities. Final score : Warringtou, 10-3-2 ; Rugby, nil. Teams :—Warringtoa : J. Hee- torn, back ;J. T. Massey. C. Potts, Barber and P. Carey three-quarter backs ;J. W. Evans and Clark, half backs; Fair. Turner, W. Nevins, J. Buckley, T. Donohue, J. Berry, J. T. Thorniley, Randlee and Dakin, forwards. Rugby: Webb, back ; Mantes Nelson, Burney and thlee-quarter backs ; Wolfe and Livesey, half backs ; Ivens, Pridmore, Rev, E. E. Wynne, Hudson, Morson, Cawley, Dawson and Chapman, forwards. Referee, Mr. J. Slavin, Wigan.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON v. ST. HELENS RECS.

Much interest was centred in the football match at St. Helens, on New Year's Day, when for the second time this season the Warrington wirepullers visited the ground of the St. Helens Recreation Club. On the last occasion Warrington won by two tries to one, but with the assist- ance of Mr. Lionel C. Pilkington, son of Colonel Pilking- ton who secured his " blue" in the University match in December, the Recs. were in high hopes of lowering the Warrington colours. A special excursion train to St. Helens was run by the London and North-Western Rail- way Company from Warrington,and football enthusiasts in the good old town were not slow in taking advantage of it, for about 500 journeyed with the Warrington club. About 4,000 spectators were present. Warrington were without the services of Jolley and Buckley, but "Tony" Davies an old Warrington player filled one of the vacan- oies in a creditable manner. Turner kicked off up the slope and against tlee slight brefte. The kick was charged, and Evans luckily saved,but a rush headed by Donohue, Dakin, and Turner, was successful in placing the Rees on the defensive. A penalty kick against the locals was well utilized by Turner, and then a round of passing by the Bates, Evans, Poits,and Carey was upset by Hughes. Screwing the scrimmages with precision the visitors maintained supremacy, and John Bate suc- ceeded in passing Crossley, but an unlucky kmock forward spoiled a certain score. Following this hard luck Seddon and Molyneux cleared with fine kicks, but Heesom after missing once recovered brilliantly, and with a host oF opponents round him, was successful in placing his side on the aggressive. Turner and Dak in struggled hard to get through, but without success, and then followeel a brilliant exhibition by the Warrington backs, the movement being started by James Bate, and taken part in by John Kate, Evans, Carey, and Potts. The outcome was prolonged, scrimmaging under the home posts, hut Molyneux cleared luckily, and a rash by Dolan and Gill changed the venue to the Worrington 25 flag. Again did the visiting forwards show supre- macy, and Dakin dribhled magnificently, Crossley effect- ing a fine save. The oval was speedily scrimmaged and the Bates passing again in their own characteristic man- ner, the s-quence was concluded by the visiting skipper handing the leather to Massey, for that player to elude L. Pilkinton and leaping over Crossley, scored a meri- torious try, the kick at goal by Evans being futile. Following this, tall exchanges between Seddon and Turner ended to the credit of the local, but Heesom met

===== 0002601_18940106_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
, . : . . ..,.. ... „ ... . • ' , • .. ~. 1., "01.1 PO S #

ASSOCIATION.

PENatiTil A..F.C. v. F4RNWORTH C.E.T.S.—The se- cond meeting of these two clubs took place on the ground of the former on Saturday. Dumbell started the ball for the home team who at once invaded the vsitors' goal, the custodian having a warm time ef it. Play continued in the visitors' quarters for Som,!, time,and after the ball had been taken by the brothers Parsons, resulted in Dumbell scoring. Shortly afterwArds the whistle blew for half time, with the home team leading by one goal to nil. On restarting the game was of an even charac- ter, good defence being shown by the respective backs. Dumbill broke through and scored a second goal. The visitors made some good runs down the field, but found . the defence too strong, play was carried to the visitors' quarters w hero W. Parsons scored with a grand shot. The visitors scored just before the call of time, through Ao.hcroft running half the length of the field, time was called, when the score stood: Penketh, 3 goals ; Fara- worth c.E.T.s., 1 goal.

POST OFFICE (WarringtOrl) V. BASEBA.T.D RESERVE.— The P. 0. were only poorly represented, but the visitors had a strong team. The game was very fast throughout and resulted in a -victory for the Post Office by two goals to one.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATE MR. T. W. SPEAKMAN, OF RUITCO RN. In this month's issue of the Parish Magazine the, Vicar, the Rev. Canon Maitland Wood refers as fol- lows to the lamentable death of Mr. T. W. Spealt- man :—" It is not necessary to ask your sympathy • for the family of our good and kind friend Thomas. Wright Speakman, because I feel sure you have already given it. Mr. Speakman, who was warden at St. Michael's, and has occupied that position for neatly four years, Was a young man of such energy and promise, and one so deservedly respected, that we all feel how great a loss, not his family only, but the Church, has suffered. It will be long before he is farg-otten, and when St. Michael's becomes a strong and flourishing con- gregation, as it will, and there are officers who find its care easy and satisfactory, it is to be hoped that his name will be remembered as of one who did what be could in the earlier days." On Sunday morning the Vicar preached a sermon at St. Michael's Church with especial reference to the death of Mr. Speakmsn, who was for several years Vicar's warden of the church. The preacher based his discourse' on I. Corinthians iii, 9v; "Ye are God's building." Gathered toeether as they were that day, in that house of prayer, and bearing in mind all the things which were past, it was not p )ssible to avoid thinking with very great sorrow of the loss of one who had gone from their midst, one who in years had scarcely reached the prime of manhood ; one who he was told in that world of busines to which it had pleased God tecall him, and in which his lot was set, had shown an energy and an interest which were noticed by all who knew him, so that he was not only widely known, but widely trusted. He was one who in his family was a good son and a de- voted brother. The late Mr. Speakman, however, was best recollected by all associated with that place of wor- ship as having for nearly four years served as vicar's warden, and therefore the first among the officers of that parish. And yet he would be remembered in a manner better than that—as one found worshiping God devoutly there, and kneeling reverently before the holy table. They had a hope that as year; went by, and has his ex- perience and interest increased, he would prove a strong and useful pillar in that place, and that he would assist in building up the temple of Christ. But this was not to be. It had pleased God to take him away. After more than ten weeks of most trying sickness, he peacefully passed away on the evening of Christmas day. It was his (Canon Wood's) duty and sad pleasure to be able to administer to him, just before he died, the body and blond of Christ in that most comfortable sacrament, the Lord's Supper. Then, after he had passed away they laid his body in the cemetery near by, in the faith of the resurrection, on the day of the Holy Innocents; those who were undefiled and full of grace. The organist, Mr, C. Pownall, played the" Dead March."

===== 0002601_18940106_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
OUTRAGE AT A FOOTBALL MATCH

A WELL-DE-;ERVED PENALTY.

After a recent football match at St. Albans, a specta- tor named Read accused Mr. Emslie of the Caledonia* Athletic Football Club ot foul play, and knocked him down. The S. Albans magistrates on Thursday ordered Read to pay £3 7s. 6,3. for the assault.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
SUICIDE AT EIGHTY-THREE.

AN OBJECTION TO THE WORKHOUSE.

An old woman of eighty-three, living at Kirbymoor-- side, was found dead in her house, by the side of another old lady, her sister, who was speechless, but alive, and it is hoped. will recover. Both the poor old folk had, it seems, been in the workhouse, but they preferred liberty to confinement, and hence the fatal result. The jury which inquired into the case expressed their opinion that power should be given to boards of guardians "to coal- pel such aged couples and lonely persons to remain in the orkhouso."

I

===== 0002601_18940106_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE

JANUARY. FROM WARRINGTON TO ACton Bride-7 10,7 35, 828, 10 45, 1 42, 2 35. 5 15. 5 35, 28. Sundays 10 15. Aintree - 7 12, 1 6. a 3 8, a 9 10. '835. a Stops if required. Altmr and Hillhouse-7 12, all 15.16. a 3 3, a 4 0.a6 33. Sun- days 9 40, 25. 8 35, a Stops if required. Birmingham (L & N -W.) a 3 23, 735. 950. 113, 1 59, 3 58, 5 15, 728, 11 35. Sundays 257. 10 15, 4 40, 11 35. a Mon days only. /3irsnin2ham (Midland)-6 14. 9 32. 11 55, 12 55, 3 20, 50, 55, 11 52. Sundays 11 45. 4 21.5 15 p.m. Blackburn-I'2 40, 520 5 45, 8 35, 9 5.),11 40, 12 35, 2 25,3 48, S2B 8 44. Sundays 843.60. 'Saturdays Excepted. Blackpoot-5 45, 835. 9 55. 05, 11 40, 12 35, 225, 3 48, 6 21. '7 17, 8 47. Sundays 2 40, 8 43 60. Boltol-5 45, b 25, 10 15, 12 35, 3 20, 3 48, 625, 9 19. Smsdays 8 43, 50, 6 0. es.• Isle-2 40, 6 20, 5 45, 10 6. 11 40, 2 25, 3 43. Sundays -40, ' 35. (.:r-7 48, 9 5, 10 23, 12 7, 12 15, 1 40, 1 50, 3 17, 422, 5 11, 4, 7 42.10 14, 11 32. Sundays 8 44, 7 45, 11 32. ea .its Green-7 10, 8 20, 10 5, 127, 1235, 330,348,55, 8, 9 10, 10 20. Sundays 8 43, 60. Or ~e-a 2 57, a 23, 7 10, 7 35. 828, 940, 10 45, 12 1, 1 42, 11, 5 is, 728, 11 35. Sundays 257, 10 15, 4 23, 11 35. CIED .ays excepted. bMondays only. baresbury-7 42, 95, 12 15, 150. 3 17, 5 11, 6 4,7 42, 10 14. VUtadays 8 44. 745. Derby (Milland)-6 14, 9 59, 11 55, 12 55, 3 20, 5 0, 11 53. Sandays 11 45 a.m., 4 25 p.m. Eariestown -7 10, 8 2), 8 35, 10 5, 12 7, 12 35, 3 30, 4 48, 4 40, 55, 610.78, 910. 1010. Sundays 835. 455, 60, 9 45. Iktinburc4l-240, 520. 9 55, 11 40, 12 35, 2 25, 3 48, 10 15. *lnidays 2 49, 9 45. Fiddler's Ferry & Pealcoth-7 38, 3 25, 100. 11 48, 1 29, 3 20. 5 12. 5 17, 80, 943, Sundays 8 48, 240. 7 50. Prodsham -742, 10 23, 1 50. 3 17. 5 11, 64, 7 42. Qarston (Cheshire Line ,)-7 12, 7 56, 837, 9 5, 1040, 12 0, t, 5. 25. 40, 5 29, 6 10, 87 0, 80. c 9 30, dlO 15, 11 39. Sun- ‘aYs Se, 9 55, 11 25, 2 33, 75, 9 18, 10 10. //Saturdays "135 bßuns 5 minutes later on Saturdays. cSaturdays ex- 4ePted. Glasgow-2 40, 520, 9 55, 11 40, 12 35. 2 25, 3 43, 10 15. itindays 2 40, 9 45. Golborne-5 45, 7 10, 8 35, 1040, 12 35, 3 48, 5 35, 7 17. • 15. Sundays 843. 60. Hough Green-7 12, 7 56. 95, a 9 30.10 40, 120, 1 5.2 5, 40, 29,5 10. 633. 87 0, 8 0, 8 37, c 9.30, alo 15. Sundays 9 0, 11 25, 32, 9 18. aMondays and Saturdays only. //Runs 5 minutes , ...ter on Saturdays. cSaturdays excepted. Irlam and Cadishead (C,ntral)- 7 7 55, 8 21, 70, 10 5. 411ndays 8 56, 10 17. 3 17. 5 15, 7 18, 928. Latenford-From Arpley% Station-7 22. 80,9 0, 9 58, 10 49, 12 40, 1 16, 2 33, 4 14, 5 18, 6 13, 78. a 7 45, 9 8, 41Undays 8 50, 3 8. 8 18. aSaturdays only. , Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)-5 25. 7 10, 3 20, 8 35. 105, 10 35, 127, 1 20, 2 40, 55, 6 10, 78, 10 20. Sundays 5 20, 7 35, 8 43, , - 4 56; 60. 9 45. From High Level Platform. Liveri.ool (From Low Level Platform)-7 38. 3 25, 13 0, 4148, 1 29, 3 20,5 12,6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 7 50. s„,Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-a429, 530, b 5 25. 7 12, 7 b,,8 37, I.'''. 90, 95, 950, 1024, 1050, 1150, 120, 1235, 12 50. 12 57, 115, 159, 25, 2 50, 332, 350; 40, 450. 529, 5 59, 6 10, el, 6 50, 7 0, 7 50, 8 0, 8 50,9 5, 9 18, 10 10,10 45, alllo, 1139. lotdays 4 30, 5 30. 90, 9 55, 11 25, 220, 232. 75. 830, 9 18. •v, 10 33. aExcept Mon lays. bMondays only. 1 London (L.& N.-W.)-a2 57,83 23.735. 9 50, 10 45. 12 3, 148. 353,5 15, 11 35. sundays 2 57,10 15, 4 20, 11 35. allon- -95 excepted. bMondays only. I,ofidoi (Midland)-614. 9 59, 11 39, 12 55, 3 20, 50, 11 53. , t'ldaYs 11 45 a.m., 4 25 p.m. ,-,Yrnril-7 22, 8 0, 90, 9 53, 10 49, 12 40, 1 16 235 5 13, 6 13, 78, a 7 45, 98. Sundays 850, 33, 8 18. toatui days only. From Aryl, y Station ir,anchester (L. & N.-W.)-2 45, a 4 45, 545, 710,825, 9 19, 1:44u, 12 14, 20, 320, 4 21. 4 40, 5.35, 65, 7 17, 8 33, 9 18, , 4120. Sundays 2 45, 7 40, 8 43, 50,6 0, 7 47, 833. aMondap Y. From High Level Phan,' m. 72Vnehester (From Bank Quay Low Li.vel Ratform)-7 20, , 857 9 55, 10 46, 1 14, 2 35, 4 12, 6 10, 75,95, 11 40. Sun- ' 8 46, 3 5. 8 15, 11 40. s g4rVetiester (Clieshi. e Lines)-7 0, 7 53, 8 21, 8 55, 90, 6 10 55, 11 25, 11 55, 12 55, 1 bb, 2 55, 3 55, 4 55, 5 55, sd 7 0, 7 55, 8 12,8 55, 9 55, alo 0, 106, all 10, 1150. Sundays ' 9,37, 10 17, 3 5, 3 17, 5 15, 7 15, 5 55, 9 55. 10 1). aSatur- Vs (only ttiddlew.ich-7 35, 1045. 2 35. 5 35, 7 28. -R.s'°re-7 35, 142, 2 35, 535, 7 28. Sundays 10 15. iscl,7vrton-le-Willows--2 45, a 4 45, 5 45, 7 10, 8 35, 9 19, 16 49:10 40, 1214, 12 35. 3 43, 4 21, 625,7 17, 833, 10, 10 15, Re_ Sundays 2 45, 7 40, 8 43, 3 35, 50, 60, 7 47, 945. only. q-"gate-7j), 755, 821, 1027, 1227, 217, 527, 70, 830, i,Jr Sundays 856 10 17, 3 50, 515, 928. 2, "frni-2-40. 5 20, 5 45, 8 35, 9 55, 10 5, 11 40, 12 35, 2 ,1"5: 3 48,6 21, 7 17, 8 47, 10 15. Sundays 2 40, 3 43, 3 35, 60, Ittin to. "n-7 33, 8 25, 10 0, 11 48, 1 29, 320, 5 12, 6 17. 9 e. 3.4,k z 5, 2 eY (for Periketh)-7 56, 8 37, 95.100.110,12 0. 1 5, ' 26, 5,8. 40, 529, 6 10, 70,80, a 9 30, 810 15. Sundays 90, 9 18. aSaturdays excepted. bSaturdays only. St ‘ 5 6 ~',„,ens-5 25, 7 10, 8 20, 8 35, 105, 12 7, 12 35. 330. 348, go, 78, 9 10. 10 20. Sundays 835, 60, 9 45. t w Ila "Part e Lines)-7 12. 90, a 9 30, 10 40, 11 15, ‘Sat'utls' 40. 53, 6 33, 9 10. Sundays 9 40, 25, 8 50, Theri ays only. 6wia-,11-7 22,8 0, 9 0, 9 58, 10 49, 12 40, 1 16, 2 33, 4 14, dap, 0". 78, u 7 45, 98. Sundays 8 50, 38, 8 18. aSatur- w. nIY• Fro:, Arpley Station. 5 121,c1AT, (L. N.-W.)-738, 8 25, 100, 1148, 1 29. 3 20, Widnes' a ,9 48. Sundays 8 48. 40, 7 50. 5.2.„(C11e2hl Lines)-7 56, 95, 100, 11 0, 12 0, 15, 9 0.94 `.,, 0. 6 2g, 610. 70,b8 0, 910, a 930, 81015. ndays 2d2. 18. aSaturdays excepte/Lb Saturdays only. 22.5 101-2 40. 5 20, 5 45, 7 10, 8 35, 9 55, 10 40, 11 40, 123 s.. 6 48, 5 35, 621. 7 17. 847. 10 15. Sundays 2 40, 8 43.

Sundays 9 40, 25,

TO WARRINGTON FROM

u 4,,tton Bridge-6 39. 7 45, 8 52, 11 43, 38, 4 36, 6 44, 8 29. ' Ao. Sul:days 7 53, 4 32' Aintree-9-29. 1 33, 7 28, 10 4. Sundays 9 35, 2 41, 8 31. tear and Hillhouse-9 14, 116, 7 18, 949. Sundays ZO 2 26, 817. liirr' Inngham (L. & N.-W.)-11 15,3 10. 6-0_ 0. , 7.20, 9 0, 11 30, 4 35,5 50, 7 25. Sundays 11 15, 3 10,.1; 3210 1 23, 2 40, 5 45 5, 7 , Hirtningharn (Nlidland.)-6 5. 8 50. 1 L`4on6',.tly"ls3o, 11 19. Sundays 430, a.m.. 40, 1119. 6Except v Rlackbyrn-3 30, 850. 1055,12 45, 2 4, 3 13, ".„11413.8 80 5 40 6 30, 7 55, 10 15. panaskoool 'Clall] 7 ot Road)-8 12, 8 47, 9 55, 1 20, 35, 5 25, - "i,.2 35. 10 0. Sundays 7 25. 1 40, 5 15, 8 40. . 2 P°ot (Central) -. 08 0, 8 27, 8 65, 9 55. 10 25, 1 4.0, 650, 8 15. Sundays 7 10, 1 20, 4 55, 8 50. Ile ~ Holton . -5 45, 8 0, 8 40, 10 35, 12 35, 1 20, 2 25, 4 20. 13 7 25. 8 30. Sundays 8 20, 6 10, 920 p.m. 1204tlitle-8 50, 8 40, 1234, 140, 4 22, 841 12 10 o ni 538. 8 41. Sundays ~ 342'14.ester- 0 7 25' 8.45. 9 40,10 12, 11 5, 11 40, 125, 210, .50 - • • ---, - --* - : °, 55,530 6 35 7 30, 8() Sundays , C.llins Green-6,39 7 16, 8 42, 10 9, 12 39, 14, 1 431(5.2 10, 46, 5 28, 6 23, 7 47, 9 16, 10 46. Sundays 810,7 2 '.'ilt've-23, 442, 60, 640, 813. 9 20. 1 5,11 10, 1 50, 4 912. ~)40, 65, 85, 9 30. Sundays 23, 442, 710, 235, to , 7 „,aresbury 49 -8 16, 10 17, 11 43, 2 47, 5 -, 8 13. Sundays . . 41, 7 si. Derb 10 20, 110, 35, 3 50, 4 , 4,5,., Mondays. 7 0, 83 , al2 35, 3 33. -",,;!•_4_1•3'5 7 30, 6 18, 6 50, 3 33. ul{.-Ne`r,'" OIA 11 29. 12 s°' 1 ITT,stown--6 59, 720, 8 42. 9 29. 9 49, ‘.- 9 53. 47, 2 15. 5 10, 5 53, 6 30, 8 38. 9 121, 10 '5O. Sundays , Etii-• I°s. 7 24, 9 55. aSaturdays only. 60, 9 10- 1014,4, UFg4 -10 20, 20,6 0, 9 10. Sur 5 7 n et 5 Ferry & Penketh-7 12, 9 J.n9d4a37,512 23, 8 17. 327. 2, 6 54, Sundays 832, 257, 87. 41 -L'Yo,,hllLitn-7 18 , 9 11 27, 23247, 6 19 747. 211*"" (Cla•slire 31,''n1, es)-5 54, 7 60 9 0, 9 10, 10 48, 823 -;„-, 11, 2 11, 35, 4 54. 58, 556, 657, 93, 11 21. Sun- atilaa . 9 10, 2 40, 3 17, 4 42. 651, 8 41. Qi,ii,Vw--1010, 20, 550, 95. Sundays 5 :AL 95- 1() 42._orne-6 44, 8 26, 1022, 1228, 1 54, 2 41, 5 35, 820, 9 1.. Hong,Bundays 9 40, 7 5. 3 145;t'zen-8 ' 3. 825, 9 10, 10 3, 1 14, 1 54, 221, 255. ° 7.7 an undaYll.7 37, 9 18. Sundays 8 37, 9 20, 3 31.4 55, 8 025: d Cadhd (Central)-6 50. 7 38, 9 56, 54, 8 5 Late.hs ea 10 59, 6 50, 8 35. 2.55. 30 4 ard-813. 840, 932 10 19. 1117, 120. 01 45, 82 31_3. 24, ,2".. 15 46, 67, 6 49, 7 49, 9 42, 1127. Sundays 3. Live'r°3. aSaturdays only. bSaturdaysexcePte(L'O 1„0 130 4 Ar:.,9°l (via Earlestown)-a2 35, 60, 80,9 c , ~. , 6' 30', 8 -4-n, 5 5.,,,, 75. 8 35, 10 5. "11 15. Sundays 7 30, 9 80. via, '• aziondays only. *Saturdays only. 6 20, 6 .sidnes-6 25, 8 50, 9 5, 10 5, 12 30, 1 30. 2 40, 4 2), Li„. --• 8 10. 10 45. Sundays 7 45. 2 10, 7 20, 10 40.. , 30. 9- 35,-gitel (Central)-5 45, fi 10,7 30, 8 30, 8 40.08 43 2 30. 2 :r.'''.,lo 10. 11 20, 11 30. 11 55. 12 30, 12 40, I_l_ ,713500.. 82 00: 8 30. 8'.‘4r,"04°. 4 30, 4 40, 450 5 30, 5 36, 6 30. 5, 2 55, 420,-, ,ZO, alo 45, 11 0, il 30. Sundays 860.', only, " co. 8 30, 8 33, 9 30. alfondays and Saturdays 9 9 2 I..ondon a 10 1- 30 lO' 121.6:d0t; N.-W.)- 12 0, 5 15, 7 15, 10 10, 2 10, laB,,urindatsy,?sl, 0100 n 5.7 .1.2500, , 2100,0.4102,05. 0, a, 15, L flnrirt3-8 3 15),-12 0. a except Mondays Ytrirn-...a 4' 14 15 „ '-' 5, 832 9 23 10 8, 11 9.t1 11. a 137, 2 5, 2 50, 7 `',. ~; 59, 6 41, 7 41', -9 33, 11 19. Sunday Ma n ccilS, attirdays only. 6Saturdays excepted. s 8 25, 2 25, 2 ‘35. 3 t'Ater. (L. & 15..-W.)-6 0, 70,8 b, 9 40, 1.1 2_5, 1,5,,.. 10 40 "' ' 25, 510 7 5 9 20, 10 40. Sunday. hi 0. b U m • Pro EXeliange ' Rl-i;arTVter (Lonclon-r.oad)-7 15. 750. 9 25, 1035, 121,355, 4-0' 4.,.:). 65 5, 5 20, 65, 75, 8 55, 10 45. Sum a., ma.nch,,,, -,... vSzutu,days only, bSaturdays excepted. 9 _. 9 30• 9 33- Isf)q; (Cheshire Lines)-6 30, 6 48, 7 20, 8 30, ( 5 4 47, 5 30', 6 17'30..612,45. 11 30, 1230. 12 45, 1 30, 2 30. 3 3 0,430 t 30, 9 15, 9 30. 104 7 30. 830. 9 50, alo 50, 11 0. Sundaysaxin. days and Saturdays% la 20,2 5, 6 30. 8 15, 9 35. ' ^ kiddlewell-6 ta ...1\ -• 2 42. 6 1. Moore-7 0.96, 11.55 17' 4 48. N*Avton-le-Willow ' ' -2,9' 450, 6 57. Sundays 8 15, 1 --- ,1%. 45, 1 6. 3.. 4 55,5-1,53, 7 30, condays 94?, 3 55. 11 5 '". 5 49 738, 835 99, 9 55, 11 8. 3 35, 9 24, 10 8. 11 23. 1 52. D .I)B4gate.--7 51 8 19, 'lO3, 11 20, 9 12., s.- , • r'z ancbSatur'days only. 8 5,J, 10 9.1 5, 1 25, 5 17, 9 16. Sundays l'rs.,• 1, 9 , c r., 245 ,i;`'.' -a- i• . au. 95, 9 39, 11 15 11 20, 1215. 2 40, 1047. 62,431.5. 6,;5, 7 59, 9.35.10 47. Sundays 2 7,8 3.5,3 15,6: 0, itun,,, a Mondays c.,ceepted. b Monday mornings only. 2C, 7",,Z----2 39. 9 19, 1J 15, 12 29, 1 30, 2 56, 4 40, 5 40. 1 "S-ar.v (for Penketh)-3 14 841,927 10 19, 11 24. 12 36. ;;2, 37. 3 44.4 35. 5 18 5 40 6 22 726, 934. Sundays 8 49, ~' 57.9 8. (C. L.C. ' ' ' 1,-- Ilelens 6 a 7) -0, 0. 8 28, 9 15, 9 55, 11 15, 12 5. 12 50, 1 30, 7 4,,., -:, F'..,.5_•, 3 5). 4 45, 5 15. 6 10, 7 20. 9 0, 2 53 10 30, *ll 20. Sundays ,6" 55, 9 5. "Suturlays only. 'tpP" (Lord Street) 8 10, 9,1 10 20, 11 25, 10. 2 10, 45, i0,85,a9 0, 9 3). Sundays 90,25, 8 0- aSatuk- " lily. 4 l'elw.ll-2 9. 830 9 28. 10 12, 11 13,1 15, at 41, 29, 255. 2 zs. ~.6, 42, 63, 6 45, 7 45, 9 37, 11 23. Sundays 8 29, wi 1 ~9. aSaturdays ''' (L. 3`-' N•4V only. bSaturdays exceptd• 11 5,8 56, 9 33, 101.33. 1258, 2 10, 6•• •3.5 0, 5 55, 6 46, 8 50, 11 6. Sundays 8 24, 2 50. 7 59, IVi(i 22.% m's (Cheshire Lines)-- 8 30. 9 16, 109, 1112. 1225. 127 5 f,' 3 35, 4 25' 529 619 716 756 925 Sundays 8 42, 3 36. `'• 80, 9 7 ' ' -' . • , • ' ~ • 2:kr, 1,40 --a2 36. 635, 633, 8 15. 9 31, 10 10, 11 42. 1215. 1 43, 4,25, l3. alixcept Mondays 30. Sundays 236 9 30, 3 40, ",, 1.. bAlondays only.

In4:,TOILIACCONISTS commencing " Idustrated guide (roost free niTTFITTINQ CO.-186, Huston-road. Londor, at. 1ti66.-4dot.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
BOUB THROWING.

BY MR. H. WHITHA.M.

" Organized charity ;Tit -have au i the more than it can do to feed the hungry and clothe the naked this winter." Paragraph's worded something like the above may now be now be read in most American papers, and, while a feeling .of satisfac- tion comes over one to know that the charitably disposed are so ordering themselves that the needs of the poor shall be met it is clearly admitted that there are more hungry and naked than can be attended to. It is stated that there aro 40,000 unemployed in Iloston. These unfortunate fellows are, it is said, " not leeches upon the public, but an element of public strength and an influence for public well-being." One would think after such a good character that these men hada natural right to a livelihood hut no, the only way out of the trouble suggested is that the" Boston merch- ant, and business man should put in their way an ocea- sional job, for which he is well able to pay." I think it needs one to be right down amongst those who get the "occasional jots" to understand just what it means. While not being quite there myself, I can honestly say that I have been treading on the' brink of the fearful precipice for the six months during which the panic has now lasted. During this time the highest weekly wages I have earned has been about 28s.—and this has varied all the way down to zero. But lam one of the fortunate ones, and am thankful accordingly. The firm I work for has made great efforts to keep all the teen at work it could, and, indeed, quite a number of men have been kept on for the mere sweet reasonable- ness of the thing, but very few, and far between have been such cases.

I have made the above personal statement so that my readers may follow the trend of my thoughts in what I have further to say, on this, a subject that has come to stay until it is radically dealt with. It is said that the number of sufferers is greater in Boston than any pre- vious winter has seen. At Ironwood,Michigan, a town of 8,000 inhabitants, 5,000 people would be starving to death were it not that a committee has Visited it and arranged to send winter clothes, food, and fuel for five months. The thermometer here registers 12° below zero, and winter has only just begun. At this place is the largest iron mine in the world, and all the men are now kilo. At another place, Bessemer, cut of 900 in- habitants 875 were found hungry and famishing. The whole town was penniless. On the day after the recent blizzard, which left the ground covered with two feet of snow, 40 men marchi.d to the hut of J. W. Bedell, road supervisor. They were all armed, some with revolvers, some with shotguns and rifles and others with pickaxes and handspikes. They demanded food, and threatened to break into the company's stores and steal it if their demands were not granted.

c Do not for a moment fancy that I am piling the agony on purposely, or selecting special cases,such cases form the chief news items in the papers just now, the very fact that in August 300 per cent.more of emigrants left this country than during the same month of 1891. This was at the beginning of the panic ; it is coi-sider- ably more now, but the immigration of Russian He- brews holds up the total of the immigration figures. Your own coal strike,happily now over, has given some fearful examples of misery, but think what it would have been had it lengthened out thrcugk the win- ter, and think what it is with us now with snow on the ground six inches deep, and no work for a large number of honest workers.

I have headed this letter with words that are startling ye L I have no great wish to write of the bomb thrower. It is enough to say with the Irish Bishop, touching the Fenian outrages that " hell is not hot enough nor eternity long enough for the punishment of such miscreants." All the same we shall have to grapple with the matter, for many of us know it to be only a result, and some of us think we know the cause. I read in my paper to-day the report of a grand opening night of the opera in New York,and it was estimated that in the two rows of boxe3 19,000,000d015. worth of jc,weis were displayed by the occupants. Allowing that at least 10,000,000d015. worth scattered over the remaining .parts of the house, for diamonds were in Profusion in the orchestra and many gems were noticed as high up as the family circle, that would make altogether a rough estimate of at least 29,000,000d015. worth of diamonds in the general dis- play. Men reading these reports will not willingly starve, and indeed, who. shall blame the unemployed if they seek to take back some of the spoil from the spoliator. In Chicago it stated that near upon 120,000 men are destitute and antiost homeless. The city halls are thrown open and hundreds seek shelter within their walls sleep- ing on the bare floors. The churches are also thrown open as sheltering places, and a committee of 100 has been formed that intends to raise £200,000 as a relict fund. . _

, The above is but a very brief sketch of the state of things here. It is not much use guessing at the immedi- ate cause of it all. At the beginning of the panic Eng- land came in well for her share of abuse. Than it was said the bank failures in Australia some three years ago was the cause of it all. At length people began to look a bit nearer home, and it was discovered that it was all on account of a Democratic Government being in power. The famous Silver Bill was repealed, and still there was no improvement. Now it is the tariff measure the Democrats are introducing. When that is removed it will be something else. It is pitiful, wondrous pitiful, going on groping like this br the cause of all our trouble. I cannot look at this great social question as one peculiar to any state, or country. Iu whatever direction the eye is turned there is to be found the unemployed question. It is in Australia as well es in England, in America as well as in Europe.

There are no longer isolated lights between employer and .employe, the Governments are stepping in atd settling the question. In six countries have been esta- blished bureaux of information, and under the prate- tion of the Government, with weekly publications dis- cussing the condition of labour. Here we have the highest testimony that the political economy of the past can no longer be made to do duty; that buying in the cheapest and selling in toe dearest market is a maxim not in accordance with the Sermon on the Mount. We have come to the point when Christian business men will have to answer the very pointed question, " can the business of the world be carried on according to Chris- tian ethics?" If not, why not? It has been said pretty often of late, and said by men of high standing that the dangerous classes are not the strikers, not the Socialists, not even the Anarc hists, but the rich manufacturers, the railway kings, the coal barons, and oil monopolists; they • are the wheat and pork 'monopolists and land syndicates. It is the money of these men that exploits the workmen at the poll atal elsewhere. Numerous cases have occurs, d here in the States of work.nen being discharged on account of their voting Democrat, and numerous petitions against tariff reforms have been sent through the mills and factories for the men to sign, or, refusing to do so, of the men being discharged. aTrade here may possibly boom with the coming of the new )eir. Should it do so, quietness may be restored tor a time. Still there is a most important matter to keep in mind, wages have been reduced very materially, and very widely over this country. This has been sub- mitted to because it was seen to be useless to "kick," also because two of the strongest trade federation were foolishly lighting one another. With the settlement of this latter stupid business and better trade will come, in my opinion, the bitterest struggles ever known in the history of labour. It is not ignorance in Russia that prompts Nihilism. it is education. The German Socialist is as a rule a scholar. In America labour journala. abound. In Eng- land they are also becoming numerous. And in England members of parliament guarantee funds for strikers. The schoolmaster has returned from his wanderings abroad. We have had him in our midst tor some years with the result that the people, by education, have raised their standard of living, and are demanding more. The theory of political and social equality has entered into every mind. If the polling booth is not clear, free, and open, as was recently stated by a writer in the "Examiner," why it shall be made so.

I go through my daily, and the monthlies pretty at- tentively, and I find there is a vastly growing number of writers, and public speakers on the platform, and ;in the pulpit demanding, not a mere " living wage," but something that will surely revolutionise the labourers position. We no longer look upon our employers as nonest men. The personal respect for employers we used to have teis been dead sonic time. It died out with the coming in (Attie Limited Liability Act. The Syndicates and stock watering cmnpauies have made of us lighters. When we read of costly stables, and kennels, and costly palaces for men, who but yesterday, were in our ranks, we know it is done with our mcney. We have been fighting hard for years to do away with sweating, and its kindred evils, now because coal barons, and others of that ilk, seek to pull down wages, it is too much to ex- pect that we shall give in quietly. Paris is in a fright to-day ; the whole of ehristendom will follow. A writer in the " Examiner " whom I very much res- pect, stated that be " objected to see the chemical workers of Widnes marching daily to Precot Work- house, some eight miles out and home to work for a pitiful Bd., to keep body and soul together." Let me re- mind him that he lays the blame altogether on the wrong shoulders. Not the miners but the vicious system under which they work was to blame. It seems to we that before this system can be abolished the misery of the past six months will be as nothing compared with what is to come,and anarchy will inevitably be the out- come of a persistence in maintaining the present social system, based as it is up•on conditions which were only possible in an age when machinery was net. I have seen statements repeatedly uring the past few months, that in every given line or business, thore is machinery suffi- cient to produce in six months all that could be con- sumed in twelve months. It is also stated by tariff re- formers that should a good measure pass Congress the American manufacturers would be enabled to flood Europe with goods, also Europe's foreign markets. We all know what the result of this will be on the wage question. It is for labour leaders to study this phrase the impstirm, ltid to educate their foPo:' erl up to the pint

===== 0002601_18940106_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
LABOUR CONGRESS IN GLASGOW.

The fifth annual Conference under the auspices o. f the Scottish Labour Party was held in Glasgow on Tuesday, under the presidency of Mr. Keir Hardie, M.P. Dele- gates numbering nearly 300 were present. They repre- sented 52 trade unioes, seven trade councils, 19 branches of the Scottish Labour Party, four Henry George socie- ties, five Co-operative societies, one Ruskin society, two Nationalisation of Labour societies, and branches of the Social Democratic Federation.—The Chairman in his opening address said he was sure it would be admitted by every section represented that there was a need for a labour party in the country. More, there was need for a greater organisation of their political power than existed to-day. They had every obstacle thrown. in their way, and there was every impediment to the progress of the working classes. The party press of the country was against such a movement. The Church, generally speak- ing, was in opposition, though there were individuals amongst the well-to-do classes and in the ministerial ranks who rose superior to their surroundings, and teok their place by the side of those who were fighting for truth and righteousness. The labour party, the source of everything, was without cohesion, helpl.ss, the sport in turn of Liberal and Tory alike. He hoped that the new year upon which we had entered would see as great a development of the independent labour movement as the year which had just passed away. There might be an electi•ii before its close. If it came he hoped they would be ready for it in Scotland. He believed that in England 17 candidates had been selected; in Scotland two candidates had been chosen—Mr. Smellie for Mid- Lanark, and Professor Robertson for Cainlachie. He trusted that before long every constituency in which a candidate was to be run, and there should be fifteen or twenty in Scotland, would select their man and put him in the field, and when the election came be had no doubt that the result would be widely different from what it had been on previous occasions.—(Cheers.)—The meet- ing afterwards discussed a lengthened programme of resolutions bearing on various phases of the labour move- ment. The first one, which was unanimously f;:arried, expressed satisfaction with the progress which the cause of labour was making, as was evidenced by the rapid growth of the independent labour party in politics, and by the resolution of the Trade Union Congress in favour of an independent labour party for securing the nationa- lisation of the land and the industrial capital of the nation. 'f he motion also called on all workers in Scot- land to support any organisation which had for its ob- ject the return to Parliement of representatives who will act irrespectively of the convenience of any political party in securing justice to labour and the establishment of a just social order. Resolutions were adopted urging on the Government the necessity, first, of appointing as factory inspectors women who have worked in a work- shop, factory, or warehouse, and, second, of extending the franchise to every person of 21 years of age and over. The conference further. counselled the Govern- ment not to allow themselves to be bullied by the House of Lords into allowing contracting out of the terms of the Employers' Liability Act, and declared that the present misery and destitution resulting from people being un- employed could only be solved by a reorganieatiou of the industrial system ca a socialistic basis.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
BANKRUPTS' WIVES.

It is becoming quite a common occurrence in small bankruptcies (r,:marks the " Drapers' Record '') for the bankrupt's wiry to find the money for the purchase of the husband's estate,arrange with the landlord to become the tenant of the shop, and suddenly blossom into a trader. This is one of the effects of the Married Women's Property Act which gives'so much anxiety to trustees in bankruptcy. Of course it often happens that the wife gives more for an estate than it would be likely t) realise is sold by tender to a stranger, or if offered by public auction. But the unsatisfactory part about the proceeding is the suspicion which it raises that it is really the bankrupt himself who is buying the stock with his creditors' money. He con'!inues to live with his wife, carries on the bw se ;4 in her name, and t. the outside world there is pre( eus little to distinguish the change of ownership which has been effected. It is easy to see how abuses may arise, and how commercial morality is likely to be affected by proceedings of this kind, which trustees ought to investigAte most thoroughly. But the fact that a fair or even a good price has been offered for an estate usually seems to outweigh all other considerations whereas it might sometimes be found that the bankrupt was not only pulling the strings, but supplying the money out of " a stocking " which the purchase of the estate by no means empties.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
11117, VX AMi NER, SATTTRDA Y„JAN CARY 6, 1891. RH

EUMATISM. SORE THROAT FROM COLD. STIFFN

===== 0002601_18940106_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
IY PATHNT MACHINE:RY

14,5 r: k CZ

- - ,: 1 1 -------.0, - Iva* ..- - SAVES t r /Jr % . , K . • 0 BE GIVEN DURING 1893 & 1894 Full Particulars BONUS TTO ALL USERS OF VENUS SOAP. on each Wrapper_ . • For 120 Wrappers, Timepiece N. 1,41 n. Dial will be sent. Picture .of the Statue For 200 Wrappers, Timepiece N 0.2, Gin. Dial will be sent. sylaNyS DE MILO, For 850 Wrappers, Timepiece No. 3,91 n. Dial will be sent. wil. L BVSEZTI4TOMANMY OAUDIIDtReEds For 400 Wrappers, a Gentleman's!ss Handsome I will be sent. For 25 Wrappers, and For 500 Wrappers, a Lady's Keyle Watch will be sent. For SO Wrappers 0 In Handsome ram Gslt Fe. -

===== 0002601_18940106_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTABLIBNE'D 1851.

BIRKBECK BANK,

Southampton Buildings Chancery Lane. London.

TWO-AND-A-HALF per -CENT. INtCHHEST allowed oa DEPOSITS, repayable on demand. TWO per CENT. on CURRENT ACCOUNTS. on • tha minimum monthly balances, when not drawn-below £lOO.

STOCKS, SHARES, and ANNUITIES purcnaaed and sold

SAVINGS DEPARTMENT

For the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receives small stun on deposit, and allows Interest monthly on each completed £1

BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY HOW TO PIIRCIIASII A ROUSH FOR TWO GUINEAS Pint MONTH.

BIRKBECK FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASH A PLOT OF LAND POE FIVE SHLLLINGS PER MONTH.

The BIRKBBCR ALMANACK, with full particulars. post free FRANCIS RAMINSCROFT. Manager.

WOODS° PATENT GALVANISED STEEL INTE MATTRESSES;

With F;

;nch and Persian Be,isteads ecrnplete.

No. 1035—.

To be seen carrying ONE TON. We Challenge ry ,ther Wire Mattress to stand this Test II But is it ever re- quired of a Mattress that it should carry me ton! Certainly not. Hitherto .the igainst the use of :nes has been that

. ire Mattre they dtrete

lied after a time, rue. We give this severe test to prove that ours will not stretch. If they do within e years we will replace with new ones.

which was

To be bad from

THOMAS SUTTON, Sale Rooms, Legh Street. THE LOZ.GFORD WIRE Co .Limited.WARItINGION.

A WONDERFUL MEDICINE,

p -French. .---7-74. , ' 0 -1:1 . s,„ w, •Ci I*.-,,, ~,i,:, .'- ' -Ale-,..•;" ' 4 ,r - •^'' ' '' '' f/1.." .e.', '' `• . cornplhir' . i• - NV ir ~., ..v.r.,...:‘-,„,....,

===== 0002601_18940106_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
BEECHAM'S PILLS

ARE universally admitted to be worth a Guinea a Box for Biliozs and Nervous Disorders, such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach, Sick Headache, Giddiness, Fullness and Swelling after Meals, Dizziness and Drowsiness, Cold Flushings ot Heat, U., of Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Costiveness, Scurvy and Blotches on the Skin, Dis- turbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Tremb- ling Sensations, !re. The first dose will give relief in twenty minutes. Every sufferer is earnestly invited to try one Boxof these Pills, and they will be acknowledged to be

===== 0002601_18940106_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

For females of all ages these Pills are Invaluable, as a ew doses of them carry off all humours. and bring about all that is required. No female should be without them. There is no medicine to be found equal to 13eechanes Pills for removing any obstruction or irregularity of the system. If taken ae- cording to the directions given with each box, they will soon restore females of all ages to sound and robust health. This has been proved by thousands who have tried them, and found the benefits which are ensured by their ure.

For a Weak Stomach, Impaired Digestion, and all Disorders of the Liver, they act like magic, and a few doses will be found to work wonders on the most important organs in the human machine. They strengthen the whole muscular system. restore the long lost complexion, bring back the keen edge of appetite, and arouse into action with the rosebud of health the whole physical energy of the human frame. These are PACTS testified continually by members of all classes of society, and one of the best guarantees to the Nervous and Debilitated is, BEECHAM'S PILLS have the Largest Sale of anti Patent Medicine te the World.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
BEECHAM'S MAGIC COUGH PILLS.

As a remedy for Coughs in general, Asthma, Bronchi:. Affections, Hoarseness, Shortness of Breath, Tightness and Oppression of the Cl'est, Wheezing, &c., these Pills stand un rivalled. They are the best ever offered to the public, and will speedily remove that sense of oppression and difficulty of breathing which nightly deprive the patien of rest. Let any person give BEECHAM'S COUGH PILLS a trial, and the most violent Cough will in a short time be removed.

Prepared only, and Sold Wholesale and Retail, by the Pro prietor, Thomas Beecham, St. Helens, Le.ne.ashire, in Boxes 9t,d2", Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. each.

Sold by all Drtiggists and Patent Medicine Dealers every where.

directione are given itlth each box.

vi ARMED LADY'S Price List of Correctives and Pre- -1N) ventivea. with valuable Itelpes, free for Stamped Address.—Mr. HALL. Hider Grove, Sheffield.

ARISTOTLE'S WORKS, with plates 352 pages, 30 stamps. "Paris by night, or Gay Life in Paris"; illustrated 31) stamos.—Post free it. BOWKER, 27, Renshaw-st., Liverpool

Afri-AURIED LAD! RS.—INFORMATION OF PRICELESS IL VALUE(Fit 'l3).—Sen4 at one itamped envelope to Mrs. LAWRENCE, 4. Bradley-st., .shefLeld. (Name tills parer.)

EECHANGE for tamped Envelope for particulars. Mar- ried Lady b a a most valuable harmless recipe for ladies.—Mrs. BAYLEY, Broad-at. Nottinghafb.

rpo THE RD.—Send stamped addressed eavel 1 for fall particulars of the most perfect and harmless Family Preventatives as recommended by eminent physicians Irregolariti.-s and obstruction removed, health restored.—D. MASSEY BALFOUR, 86, Strand. London.

rrOWLE'S PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS for 1 Females, quickly correct all irregularities, rcoove all obstructions, and relieve the distressing symptoms so preva- lent with the sex. Boxes Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. of all chemists sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps by the maker, B. T. TOWLE. Chemist, Nottingham.

ONE BOX OF CLARK ES' B 41 PILLS is war- ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs. in either sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Pains in the back. Guaranteed free from Mercury. Bold in Boxes, 4s. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throughout the World ; or sent to any address for sixty stamps by the Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG ComPANy, Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; BARCLAY & BON?. London, and all the Wholesale Houses.

LAM ES.—Fte, MA LE I RRHGULARITIES and OBSTRUCTIONS. —Th3 DIFFICULTY SOLVED AT LAST.—A lady haring Tried in Vail. Every Advertised rtemedy, has at last discovered a SIMPLE MEANS of SELF- CURE, particulars of which she will forward FERE OP CHARGE to Her Poor Suffering Sex ou receipt of stamped addressed envelope. Send at once, and waste no more time and money upon Worthless Pills. Mixtures, and other So- called Remedies of this class, which cause pain, sickness, and injury to the system seithout h tying the necessary effect.— Write, with full hope and confidence, to Mrs. ST. CLAIR, 45, Southampton Build•ngs, Chancery-lane, London, W.C.

W 011 AN'S PREEN!). HUXLEY'S SPECIAL MIXTURE. THE MOST POWERFUL AND EFFECTUAL MEDICINE KNOWN.

The realm of a famous French Physician, Quick, sure. and certain. Never fails to Relieve and Cure, no matter how caused, Post fret, to any address for 2s. 9d. or ss. 63. per bittle. Full instructions with each.

Send for the WIFE'S FRI END. a book for e-ery womam who wishes to keep healthy.—D. GLASG-OW HUXLEY. M.D. (U.S.), 176. Cemetery-road. Sheffield, and Matonie Driiitliugs (opposite Market). Rotherham.

0 RIAL Ape o.FoRTE To R, 51..... P I P NET, 250 PAGES (Full Music Size). C The Pictorial Tntor Descriptive Prospectus The most re- POST Contains 70 Illustrations being published at Net sent Porit, 'Free oii lip plies t ion markable .t cheapest and over 250 Songs. Price, it cannot be obtained of to - Magazine of Music." Office, book ever published. The FREE Dances, Carols, AnthemSl any book or music seller under 5s 20. Ludgate Hill, London, 1,l C. Pianoforte simplified. and Hymn Tunes.

\i,, 4,, _,-,,, _,_., , 1 sr-my,....:-..,!, ~.-, , 4 ilt It).1 i 1P'..›.14 -,,V, f _ €4-,,. '' ! , ' f i, Y V I' ' ,

-1 - ' ,

ei- /' ks, .... g-

===== 0002601_18940106_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
- -

\ 4. ' ,0; RAP y _

DESPAT

11 / ECONOMY - AND C H. 0, • • ");

===== 0002601_18940106_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
, .‘if *-, ICr.r', , :') ',l: ;I ‘,. ~ , r

-„ , -, /

12/ NEW TYPE, ‘l_ V.Dc) c'Dj-ND e;) pEw ORNAMENTS. -LN -c\>9rl-

===== 0002601_18940106_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
Estimates Given

FOR ALL CLASSES OF WORK;

‘`l4OM AN •

*i• 67dQ1ress &tr ø a IT)crron)ofb ?lcrcar . •

===== 0002601_18940106_art0102.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. _

Wrw'

===== 0002601_18940106_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW YEA.It PRESENTS. LilNci the Valley, Honey Suckle. Apple Blossom, scd 'Violets, Cherry Tho3som, V bite Lilac, LiellotroPe,Whlte Hose, Jockey Club, Laven- der Water, Ess Bouquet, Opoponax, The. mad many other choice perfumes may be obtained in all size from 6d. to 95. at H• I . ASIITON'S 83, SANKEY-STIIEET, (Opposite Legb-St.) WA.B.RINGTON. AL b —Every purchaser preoented with an elegaut Calenier for 1894.

-- NOTICE TO COURESPONDENTS. Catholicism The cnrrespondeuca relating to " Homan virsus Protestantismclo:ked.

lettrrO to the Critter.

SOCIALISII. ii,—Mr. Brouchemite will pardon me for saying that be d4ends a position which I have not assailed, I never :said anything at all ab-ut Socialism. Ile cannot con- sistently. defend the actions of the a.ssassins of Mgr Parooy on the plank of Socialism, for Socialism teacher the religion of humanity, regarding every man and woman as sister and brother. Socialism as interpreted by that large hearted and kindly man, " Nu nquam ," worketh no evil, condoneth no crime. Anarchy, murder, bomb throwing,assassination,and all such contraventions of the common law of humanity, are all equally con- demned by Socialism, as we undeutand it it this country. lam a Socialist, yet am I a faithful Catholic. —Yours, Scc.,

J. C. DALTON.

BELIEFS VERSUS GOOD tS'ORKS. - Sir,—Having read in your recent issues a number of letters in reference to theology and religion, may Ibe permitted to state that what we do is of much greater importance than what we believe. " For modes of faith let angry bigots fight He can't be wrong whose lite is in the riAht." The majority of mankind always have been, and are, actuated by self-interest, ambition, greed, passion, selfislinc,ss and fear, but Christ tauczht his disciples to be swayed by truthfulness, justice, afillction, and benevol- ence, to have courage and be willing to fight or to sacri- fice for that which they love, and he lived an example of what he taught. He told his disttiples that his kingdom is not of this world but in a state of being into which the death of our mortal body is the birth, and though Sad- ducces disbelieve his teaching and Pharisees dishonour it, yet,with various forms of faith,the wisest, the truest, the best and the bravest of mankind,to the end of time, will follow him.—Yours,Lf.

S. KENYON.

Warrington, Jan. 4th, 1894.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINCIPLE V. EXPERIENCE.

- - - " Let us do evil that good may come? Whose condemnation is just." Romans iii. 8. Sir,—As an intellectual exercise the following of "Common Justice "through the illogical windings of his epistles and the attempt to unravel the moral entangle- ment therein, " licks into fits " the charades, acrostics and conundrums of which we have just had so plentiful a crop. They who sit at the feet of this ex- ponent of expediency may know what a " bad old ethical princtple" is. Ido not. When I see a good bad man, or a black white man, I will ask him to explain this mystery. To hear this man there might be no settled moral truths—none that is that could not be set aside it they inconvenienced him. With slight alteration his arguments in palliation of the crime of intimidation might have been used by Mr. Yagin to his "young friends" in extenuation of their little peccadilloes. Your correspondent, like many more, make expedience the rule of life, in place of the better rule of principle. As a consequence, much mischief ensues. Thus—l am heir, say, to large estates, one life only intervening. It might seem expedient to remove this obstacle ; but a "bad old ethical principle" forbids, and this finds solid embodiment and forceful effectiveness in the man it, blue. If we cannot compass our ends without breach of znoral laws we have no right to attempt it. And now, Mr. Brouchemite. Largely agreeing with this gentleman's contentions I am yet not oblivious to the flaws in the diamond. fie appears to be suffering from Socialism on the brain, and confounds Mr. Daltoa's bus:bear—Rationalism—with Socialism. Not all Ration- alists are Socialists, nor are all Socialists rational. But what I want to call our cosmopolitan friend's attention to is this—How does his endorsement of the golden rule: "Do unto others as ye would they should do uhto you and, " Let there be liberty all round," how do these ex- cellent maxims agree with his doctrine of intimidation ? Liberty ! Well, yes, liberty, qualified by S. Woods, and Co. ,but no freedom of contract between masters and the extra-raining British Public.—Yours, JOHN PEERS.

DISESTABLISIISIENT. air,—" Every man has a right to his own- religion." §O.as you esteemed correspondent " Ituncornian," tailing from the fret fr We3t, and, with three or four exceptions, every member oi your clielltele will cordially echo those words of" Ituncornian," We have in this country a political institution called a " Church as by law established." 'This secular church is state protected in a legalised robbery of upwards of £6,000,000 annually, from the poor of England and IN ales alone, to say nothing of the Scotch department. The real legatees of this money are our unfortunate fel- low countrymen who are dying of starvation in thous- ands annually, and starving on workhouse skill in scores of thousands. The actual recipients are a hand- ful of state officials called " Priests," including prelates with their palaces, horses and hounds ; everyone of yf bich " priests " is sworn in his so-called " ordination" oath to practices at variance with the expressed wishes of the donois. To redress this gigantic reif, so scandal- ous to the honour of a Christian country, an enligh- tened Liberal ministry, headed by that diet n- guished peer of nature's noblemen, Mr. Gladstone, has brought forward an initiatory measure known popu- larly as the " Welsh Sespensory Bill." Ths State Church Stipendiaries, backed up tiy their hereditary ac- complices, the state receivers of land, are Up in arms against the prospect of being called upon to restore their ill-gotten spoils. Every Anglican Conventicle in the country has been resounding with denunciation against this " gross cowardly and iniquitous" attempt to give to the peed wl-iat loslazes to them. Throughout the length and breadth of the land, lecture halls have been en- gagt d from the Albert and Exeter Halls down to the smallest and most obscure village meeting rooms, by paid retailers of false history, and subsidized" Defence" 1 pamphleteers. Those modern Ephesian silversmitLs,l known as Protestant " Evangelical " alliance men, have valiantly come forward as henchmen in the disgraceful crusade against humanity and righteousness, foreknow- ing instinctively, "Like those sore sick, who hear a passing bell," that with disestablishment comes equality and justice, and that " their trade will be injured thereby." In this juncture, the Government fighting night and day against an obstruction unparalleled in our political his- tory and unable to spare a single man from his post in the house, appeals for the support of w kat Mr.,Gladstone once called" outside pressure." "Disunion among your opponent% and security for yourself" is a time-honoured truism, and it has been a settled policy with the State Church from its founda- tion, to make for itself unconscious links and buttresses of the free churches, by fomenting discord and laugh- , ing in its sleeve while they were wasting their aggres- sive strength against each other. In virulently abusing Catholicism, which is the mother of free churches,Juda- ism, which for all practical purposes in this country is a race rather than a religicn,and the Greek and Moham- medan churches which don't concern us in the slightest, without one word of protest against that monstrous hypocritical anachronism, the political "Church," soffe correspondents prove themselves to be (consciously or otherwise) expert allies of it. Iw- it to conclude with the expression of a hope that every Liberal Club and AsBOciatiOn in your district will show their opinion of the -sectarian animosity censers by sending up unanimous resolutions to the Government in support of the Welsh Bill, and thus give a word of cheer to the Hawarden Chieftain and his lleagues in their arduous battle against falsehood, fraud, and corruption.—Faithfully yours,

WM. F. COMBER.

Knowles Hill, Lewisham.

CHESHIRE LINES ENGINEERS SIGNAL DEPART- MENT ANNUAL DINNER. The annual dinner in connection with the signal department of the Cheshire Lines was held on Fri- day evening last week,at the "Old Ball," Winwick- , st., when -about 30 at down to an excellent repast provided by the host, Mr. I'. White. After dinner, lir. H. Craddock, inspector of the department, pre- sided, and Mr. W. .1. Monks took the vice-chair. The usual loyal toasts were drunk. when Mr. J. Royle (Stockport), in an elegant speech proposed the Cheshire Lines Committee, coupling with it the name of the Chief Engineer, Mr. W. G. Scott. This toast was seconded by Mr. J.Tyson,and drunk with acclamation. The " Signal Department" coupled with the names of the Inspectors, Mr. 11. Craddock and Mr. W. J. Monks, was then proposed by Mr. W. W. Lavarack, Gateacre, Mr. Hogg, manager of the Warrington works, being the seconder. After the outburst of cheers which greeted this toast, had subsided, Messrs. Craddock and Monks having re- tnrned suitable thanks, Mr. Lovering proposed the bealth of" The Guests" which was seconded by Mr. Wilkinson. Mr. Lavarack replied in an appro- priate manner, and Mr. Hogg, also made a pleasing speech. The evening was then devoted to songs, &e., Messrs. Brown, W. Brown, Emson, Smith, Lovering, Forster, Lawson, Lead better, Bur- rows and Millington, contributing very materially prosiding a very enjoyable programme. The party broke up at I.o.a.m.,alter voting that,in tbeir ownicu. hi catsrizig had nevef been surpassed at any o° e dinars held in connection with he de-

~jaileess

===== 0002601_18940106_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
;lb -• • • • 0, • •••,r.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
uT LS ON OA .4E3 A D

ATHLETICS.

RCGIIT FooTBALL.

The match with Rugby on Saturday, with which War- rington finished up the year 1893, was a most remarkable one, Warrington making a record score for the Waders- pool ground. 'The Rugby players were a big lot 01 fellows, but they have a great deal to learn in football. Uhey led off with a rush, and for a time, they appeared to have the upper hand of Warrington, but after the first quarter of an hour, some one of the Warrington players was almost repeatedly getting the bah over their line. Th, members of the Warrington team in fact, had so much of their own way, that, at times, they actually truggled with one another, as to who should score the try, and fleesom found his position at full back such a , sinecure that he went in for scoring himself. z

A new recruit from Stockton Heath in the person cf Barber, bids fair to become a splendid player. his speed .And dodging abilities, being of a high order. By the way, the Stockton Heath team has a good number of promising players, and on Monday, Broady and Barber had a large share in the defeat of the St. Helens Recs. A team. But to return to Saturday's match. A contem- porary was asking on Saturday when Warrington would find a goal kicker, for they tried, tried and tried, but they never got more than a try. Warrington was .evi- dently determined to show that they were not in want of a good kicker, for out of ten attempts, Evans kicked seven goals, while Nevins landed three in three attempts. A score of 59 points to nil, which make a great lift in the averages at the end of the season.

-- Fresh from their victory over Rugby, the Warrington team journeyed for the second time this season, to St. Helens on N;.vr Year's Day to play the formidable Recreation Club of that town. The first meeting of the teams resulted in a win for Warrington by two tries to one try. The Recs. strengthened their team by the in- clusion of l'ilkington, who obtained his " Blue" this season. Although the match resulted in a draw of a try each, Warrington fully deserved to win, for they kept the Recs. on their own quarters for the greater part of the game, especially in the last half. This •shows that %arrington have a superior stamina than most teams, for they generally hold out the longest. In fact it was only the excellent defence of the Recs. that saved them fum defeat.

Tlic match between Lancashire and Cheshire,in which three of the Warrington players were engaged, resulted in a win for Lancashire by eleven points to three, thus obtaining f•-,r the county, the- championship of the North-Western division of counties. The match in ques- tion was spoiled by the fog„which enveloped the ground so much that it was with great difficulty that the play could be seen. The two Bates played very well from all accounts, as also did Jolley.

The A team on Monday simply walked round the St. Helens Recs. A, as the score of two goals four tries to nil indicates. This was not expected, for as a rule the Recs. are a tough lot, and have frequently lowered the Warrington colours. It will be remembered that a few years ago, they were the only team to vanquish the Warrington players during a whole season. 'the two Stockton Heath players played an excellent game, and contributed to the scoring.

ANTECEDENTS. Last week our sketch was of Mr. John T.Bate,this week we give "Smack "or James T. Bate, his companion at half back. Although their surnames are alike it should be stated that they are in no way related to each other. " Smack's" first training ground was with the Sankey Club, whose field was situated in Lovely-lane. This was about six years ago, and after one season's play with the Sankey Club he joined the Latchford True Blues, a club which John T. Bate also played for. But" Smack's" sterling,' qualities as a player at half back were noticed, and in the following year, 1890, he commenced playing in the Warrington "A " team. Four matches with this team were enough to warrant him a position in the first team, and accordingly be was given a place at half back with the other J. T. Bate. The two work well to- gether, and to them the Warrington team owe many victories.

Perhaps no-Warrington player has made his way into the Laneashire County team quicker than has "smack" Bate, for in the following year after playing in the first team he received County honours twice, and also in tha year 1892 two similar honours were conferred upon him. In the year which has just closed he fulfilled three county engagements, but it is very probable he would have re- ceived more had he not for some weeks been suffering from a sprained ankle, when two county matches were played. The three matches in which he engaged were with Cumberland. Yorkshire, and Cheshire, the latter match being played last Saturday. His play for the county has received much commendatien, and un- doubtedly he will he again chosen, and it is not unlikely that ere long he will be among, the ranks of international playerS.

THE GYMNASIUM. Matters have been rather tame, of late, in cz-mnectiOn with the " Gym." But I'm glad to bear that the "strings are being worked again." On Saturday, the 13th,a dis- play is to be given. The wonder, and the pity, of it is that one or two, have not been given before,this season. A great niany of the public wonder why the fortnightly entertainments, which were so popular two years ago, are not revived. Of course it is very impertinent for the public to indulge in " wondering "like that, but still, I should be half inclined to commit the same transgression were I the public, Anyhow, it is pleasing to know that when the display does take place, it will he worthy of witnessing for in addition to several other interesting features there is going to be a tug-of-war between a gym- nasium and a football club team.

The other day I 'Flj affOrded Tin opportunity of seeing an imtance of tbi:i ability of the conductor, Mr. Kinsley, in inatt?.?g appertaining to theoretical gymnastics. Most 1 athletes will be aware of the machine known as the Home Exercise Machine. There are two generally in , use, hut no great satisfaction is given by either of them ' because of the bar which couples the two lines together ' and which prevents anything like a free use of the indi- vidual lines. An alteration has been made upon these machines by Mr. Kinsley, with the result that a most valuable improvement has been achieved. Upon in- specting the improved article I was considerably struck by its extra advantages, and was not surprised to find that the expert gymnasts of the institution preferred it to the machines by better known makers. Some one ought to boom Mr. Kinsley's work, if it is only for the benefit of those indulging in home gymnastics.

By the way the N.P.R.S. competition for the 200 1 guineas shield has commenced. Warrington have been drawn in the second round to meet Newport, and it is Possible that if they are successful, they will next meet last rear's opponents, Dolobran. I am told that if this meeting does take place Warrington are now about pre- pared to administer" Boston beans," to that aggressive Birmingham team. The exercises, however, are not looked upon with much favour by those who admire skilled gymnastics.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON RURAL SANITARY AUTHORITY.

The monthly meeting of this Authority was held yesterday in the Board room at the Worknouse. The Rev. G. F. Roberts occupied the chair, and there were also present: Messrs. John Houghton, A. Jolley, J. Swinton, Smith, Mather, S. Sutton (clerk). Dr. Sephton (medical officer), Mr. F. Ker- foot (inspector), R. Stone (representing Mr. W. Owen, surveyor). CANAL BOATS ACT. The Clerk informed the Authority that he had re- ceived the usual application for the annual report to be made to the Local Government Board under the Canal Boats Act, 1884. He said it was a matter which was generally alludedto by the Inspector and himself. They would accordingly report as usual. MEDICAL OFFICER'S REPORT. Dr.Sephton reported that the number of births was 42, deaths 18. The death rate was equal to 16 4 per 1000 against 17.4 in the corresponding month of last year. rhere were eight cases of scarlet fever, and one case of enteric fever. Mr. Wm. Houghton : Generally speaking Sir, I suppose the repoyt is a favourable one.—Dr. Sephton : Yes, scarlet fever is the only thing we have to contend with at present.—rhe Chairman : Can you account for so much scarlet fever prevailing in the dis- trict ?—Dr. Sephton said it appeared they had had the disease in Cadishead and at Hollins Green schools. He also thought the disease existed at the school before it was officially reported.—Mr. William Houghton: It is in the Workhouse schools, I believe.—Dr. Sephton : Yes, it exists throughout the district.—The Chairman: Is there no stopping it P—Dr. Sephton replied that every possible precaution was being adopted to prevent the spread of the disease and carbolic disinfectants were being freely used. It was a fact that if any person suffering from the disease wilfully exposed himself or herself in the streets they could take legal proceedings against them.

THE SU RVIZ YO rt'S I ',mum. The Clerk mentioned that owing to illness their Sur- veyor. Mr. William Owen, was unable to be present to submit his usual report.

Trouble has again arisen at Lord Mashatn's Pit, Featherstone, owing to seventy men being discharged for not resuming work on New Year's Day. The miners' officials have been communicated with. The principals who figured in the Ardlacoont trial will, it is stated, reappear in the law courts in fresh charac- ters. It is expected that before long there will be much litigation between Major Ha.mbrough on the one hand, and Messrs. Monson and Tottenham on the other, in which the insurance policies will be a bone of contention, and there are no fewer than five actions pending against the Major in respect of matters in which Tottenhau3 and Idonson claim to have aeted IQ!

THE EXAMINER, SATURD A Y JANUARY 8. 1g94. TEE SHIP CANAL.

TEE FIRST CARGO VESSEL AT MANCHESTER. 1 The first cargo veswel to arrive at Pomona docks, was the steamer Gertrude belonging to Messrs. Crosfield and ssns, Soap Works, Warrington, under the command of captain J. Monks, junr. She was laden with a cargo of soap, and on arrival at the wharLa number of boxes of sea.p was distributed among the spectators. Great satis- faction has been expressed in Warrington that a War- rington vessel should have the honour of heading the cargo vessels on the canal. TEN THOUSAND PASSENGERS FROM LIVERPOOL. It is Stated 10,000 persons or thereabouts left the Prince's Landing stage, Liverpool, on Monday morning, in nine steamers for Manchester, and between half-past eight and ten the stage was crowded by holiday makers and others struggling to get on board the boats. With few exceptions, those who went on board were .people from Manchester, Warrington, and other places along the Canal. They poured into Liverpool by early special excursions, arriving chiefly at the Central Station, be- tween which place and the Plerhead a number of wagonettes and 'buses were engaged. In addition to this there was a large number of excursion trains to Latchford, and at one time, during the morning, there 1 was to be seen a line of coaches reaching almost from Arpley Station to Latchford Station.

steamed away from the locks with a dozen cat in her waits, there was great cheering from the thousands who lined the bank, and the uproar from a score of steam whistles and syrens was deafening. The sailing ship . Sophia Wilhelmina was lying outside the locks still dis- mantled, and looking anything but ready for a" show." The opinion was expressed that it would be very seldom that the Manchester people would see such ships floating in their docks, because of the great difficuity Ithere is in steering them along a narrow waterway. From Latchford to Manchester people almost con- tinuously lined the banks of the canal and the cheering, and waving of handkerchiefs and bannerettes, drew forth the remark that the Rowland fleet was having a triumphal progress. Certainly at times the progress was slow, and the stoppages in the leeks somewhat lengthy, but there was much to admire in the splendid bridges and in that feat of engineering skill, the Barton aqueduct. The scenery along the banks can- I not be described as picturesque, being for the most part fiat and bare. With his customary kindness Mr. Rowlands had taken precautions that his numerous passengers should not suffer from hunger or . thirst. There was a plentiful supply of both eatables ! and liquids, which enabled all to bear the cold and fatigue of the journey with an equanimity and comfort which would otherwise have been impossible. After passing Mode Wheel Locks there is a magnificent sheet of water to Manchester, but unfortunately it is some- what inky in colour, and emits, when agitated, an odour that cannot he compared to the spices of Arabia. In fact, some of the Whines scents are preferable. At half past throe the Owen Tudor moored alongside a wharf n Salford Docks and the rest of the fleet arrived within half an hour later. Everybody expressed themselves

highly pleased with the trip, and before the numerous company separated three cheers were given for Mr. and , Mrs. Rowlands with much heartiness. The re- turn journey- to Runcorn was made by train. About 35 of the company on the Cecil proceeded to the Merchant's Hotel, in Old-ham-st., where a capital dinner was partaken of.—Mr. Janaes Littler occupied the chair, and proposed "Success to the Ship Canal," a toast which was drunk with enthusiasm.—Mr. C. Timmins proposed success to Messrs. Brundrit and Co., which was honoured with " three times three," and the Chairman suitably responded. The Runcorn pilots have been- busily engaged on the Ship Canal this week. Captain Hilt. piloted the S.S. Granada, with a thousand tons of fruit ; Captain Hid, junr., the Edith Hough, from London; Captain Rio. Ellis, the Lady Bessie, from Carnarvon : and Captain , Shaw, the Harrier, from Port Dinorwic.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
THE OPENING CEREMONY.

Any ceremonial, no matter how stately, with which the opening of the Manchester Ship Canal may be cele- brated a few months hence will fail to efface from the recollection of those who saw the great popular de- monstration of Monday. The spectacle was worthy of the occasion and characteristic of the people. The de- sire of the directors to make the affair as quiet as pos- sible, in view of the ceremony which they promise later in the year, had been honoared to some extent. Few buildings were decorated. In Manchester, during the day here and there a flag tloated,but generally speaking there was no sign in the streets that the sounding city was now in truth to hear '6 The great thunder of our is- land shore." On the quays at Salford and Old Trafford, on the banks of the canal from Mode Wheel to Barton, and from Barton to Latchford the scene was very diffe- rent. Under a sky which anticipated the promise of spring au enormous concourse of people was assetibled, stretching in almost unbroken line down either side of the great waterway. Every part of Lancashire was re- presented. fhe intense and earnest enthusiasm of the people was only less remarkable than the perfect good order with which they governed their innumerable ranks. The city and county police had little to do but to guard forbidden paths,and with their usual discretion they made their presence as little felt as possible. To the vigilance of the .combined force, however, must,in large measure be ascribed the happy immunity from accident which favoured the day's proceedings. The scenes of animation, which will long be remem- bered by Warringamians, commenced at Latchford, on Sunday. All day long the people came in thousands, fram "early morn till" dewy eve," and then thousands came again to see the marvellous sight of a feet of vessels lying within a stone's throw of Thelwall Church, and on a site which was once a sequestered rural spot. The New Year's Eve was such as the people of Warrington had never dreamed of. About a quarter of an hour before mid- night a ship's rocket went up, and exploded with a loud report. Immediately every steamer in the place began blowing whistles and clanging bells. For miles around the din could be heard. As soon as it was daylight many thousands of Warrington and neighbouring resi- dents, who knew the best points of the districts, had assembled ou the Lancashire side of the canal and stretched away through Thelwall and beyond Warbur- ton. Train after train brought more thousands from Manchester, Bolton, Blackburn, Wigan, Leigh, and other places, and many of these made their way to the boats in the lockznwhich before ten o'clock were crowded with delighted passengers. At the Manchester end it was found necessary td reserve almost all their accom- modation available for thO' shareholders and their friends The shareholders alone number 40,000, and of these a very large percentage wished either to be present or to have the gift of tickets among their personal friends. If admission had been free and unrestricted it is almost certain that not less than half-a-million persons would have crowded on the banks of the canal between Man- chester and Barton; even as it was there appeared to be close upon 100,000 between the two points. lit morn- ing was beautifully fine for the time of the year, but the crowd soon found notwithstanding the appearane: of the sun, that there was a nipping-wind. For most of the spectators the wait until the time appointed was a very trying one, and this had the effect of chilliog their enthusiasm.

THE SCENE AT LATCEIFORD. As thehour for the departure of the vessels approached the scene at. Latchford because perfectly bewildering. The occasion was observed as a general holiday in town, and to pervert an old saving " Warrington and his wife,"—and children too—came forth to witness the spectacle. But besides Warringtonians, there crowded to the scene thousands of persons from Liverpool, Man- chester, Wigan, and other towns, and before ten o'clock the whole neighbourhood ware in some sense of the word, a perfect pandemonium. Knutsford-road, from Bridge- street to Latchford Locks, was simply packed with a slowly mowing multitude of interesting spectators. In the multitude was sandwiched a long line of vehicles which stretched its length right up te the loclis. But the real scene of excitement was going on along each side of the waterway from the Thelwall-road Swing Bridge to the locks. here people were simply jambed together—it was almost an impossibility to move. For hours these thousands of people stood and waited pati- ently, unlieedful of the biting cold which chilled the air. It was a sight which no one who witnessed will soon forget. Ns matter at what elevation one might view the spectacle, the result was the same. Faces, faces were everywhere; they appeared to be in myriads, and all bore the same look of expectant aninsation. As the vessels were seen preparing to leave their moorings, the excitement became intense ; indeed it seemed even vastly out of proportion to the occasion, great as it was. Shortly after ten o'clock the Norseman, on board of which were the directors of the Ship Canal Company, was unmoored. And then arose a veritable bahal of sounds—a wild confusing conglomeration of shrieking ' bellowing whistles, and shouts of enthusiasm. To a calm enlooker, t— - her - acene for a few momenta was temarkable. It was simply pathetic to see the various / attempts to give vent to the feeling. Some people could be heard singing " God save the Queen," others " Brit- annia Rules the Waves," wlelst others went further afield and chose songs of joy not quite so appropriate. or fully ten minutes the spectacle, with its attendant 1 demonstrations, was simply confusing. But as the vessels moved away, the excitement diminished. Following the Snowdrop was the Crocus, on board of which were a large number of relatives and friends of officials of the Manchester Corporation. Then came the °vat 13r11:ain with the ,F3ilFarti (::,:rporatign, the Brackley carrying the officials of the Ship Canal,and the Dagrnar,a, hoard of which were the staff of the Bridgewater Canal. On board the Crocus we noticed Mr. Pernber, Q.C., Mr. Joseph Bright, M.P., and Mr. H. M`Neil. Mr. Leese, M.P., Mr. J. W. Hamilton, and other noted Manchester citizens were on board the Snowdrop. The Lord Mayor, Sir John Elarwood, and the other directors were con- veyed on the Norseman from Latchford to Mode Wheel. There the Lord Mayor, Mr. Alderman Bailey (Mayor of Salford), the Lady Mayoress, and Mr. Pember, Q.C., came on board the Snowdrop, and that boat was the 1 erg one to enter the Docks at Pomona. THE WARRINGTON CORPORATION TRIP. The members of the Warrington Corporation having decided to take an official trip with the triumphal pro- cession to Manchester on Monday, Messrs. Monks, Ball and Co., generously placed their steamer, the Helvetia, at their disposal. According to the arrangements at first , made, it was intended to start from the Liverpool Lanel- ing Stage, but it was afterwards decided to commence from Warrington. A large party left the Town Hall by 'bus at 2.30 a.m., and proceeded to Tom Paine's bridge, and embarked on the Helvetia, which was moored in the creek which at some future date will form the entrance to the Warrington docks. The Helvetia was under the command of Captain Joseph Monks, and was gaily de- corated with bunting, and in large letters on canvas was the word ' Warrington," which was intended to informs the spectators who lined the banks of the fact that the steamer had on board the representatives of War- rington. The following gentlemen embarked : Mr. F. Monks, J.P., C.C., Aldermen Biackhurst, Francomb, Wright, Sutton and Ashton ; Councillore Monks, Smet- hurst, Flood, Plunapton, Shaw-Green, Shaw, Bonnell, Shillcock, Hutchinson,Bennett, Hepherd, Heaton, Long- ton, Skelton, Garner, Cannell, Bolton, Tinsley, and Hill, Rev. F. K. Freeston, Messrs. J. Lyon Whittle (town clerk), Stanley Wilson (deputy town clerk), J. Fairhurst (borough treasurer), T. Lon,edin (borough surveyor), Haddock (gas manager), S. Hunt (chief constable), In- spector Spitike, H. B. White (magistrates' clerk),(i. F.F. White (deputy magistrates' clark),J. H. Fleming (repre- sentative of the Chamber of Commerce), E. Place (mar- ket inspector), F. Turner (superintendent fire brigade), R. Norman (nuisance inspector), G. Riley (school atter:. ' pence officer), Leigh (cemetery registrar), Taylor (gas department), Powys (Town Hall keeper), DePrez, C. Twice, Ratlibone, R. G. Flenshall, and Hall. At nine o'clock, the Helvetia proceeded to the Latchford locks to take her place in the procession. After a short delay in the locks, during which aephotograph of the vessel was , taken by Mr. BirVes, she commenced her jeurney to 1 Manchester amid much cheering from the enormous num- ber of Warringtonians who lined the banks on both sides for two or three miles. The Helvetia should have preceded the America and Chanticleer in the procession, but for some cause, these two vessels got out of the locks first, and they refused to give way. At the Irlam locks, owing to a misunderstanding, the Helvetia was crowded almost to the last by a number of other vessels. The canal is, however, a good width above the locks, and amid much chaering,the Warrington vessel quickly passed her rivals with the exception of the two vessels above named, before Barton Locks were reached. She obtaineds a favourable position in the locks, and when they were left, there was a fine race between her and the Chantic- leer, in which the Warrington boat won. There was now only the America to pass in order that the Helvetia should , get her proper position, and the America was evidently determined to keep the lead. The Helvetia, however, proved to be the speedier boat, and a loud shout pro- claimed the fact that she had passed her rival. The banks from this point, were lined almost the whole of the distance to Manchester with crowds of spectators who greeted the Warrington boat most enthusiastically as she passed. The Mode Wheel locks were quickly passed, and the .Helvetia soon got to her destination at Salford docks, where there was an immense crowd. On arriving at the landing stage, Councillor Smethuret 'I called upon the people to give " Three cheers for the ' Ship Canal," which were lustily given, followed by cheers for NVarrington and Salford. Alderman Fran- eostb, on behalf of the Corporation then proposed a vote of thanks to Messrs. Monks, Hall and Co. for having placed that splendid vessel at their disposal. He believed everybody had enjoyed the trip. That Canal would mean a lot of good for Warrington, and he hoped those on board would share in it. The trip that day had undoubtedly been a great success.—Alderman Wright briefly seconded, and the motion was heartily carried, " For they are hearty good fellows" was sung and cheers given.—Cr. F. W. Monks, in the alesence of nis father, replied, and remarked that should occasion arise. the firm would always be prepared to do as they had dans that day. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_18940106_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
A PATHETLIC INCIDENT.

A great deal of sympathy was felt at Latchford in connection with the s:ad accident which cccurred at about ten o'clock on I•aturday night, and which de- prived Mr. Platt of the chief engineer of the Norseman, who had been in Mr. Platt' service 23 years. It seemed that the poor fellow, whose name was Benjamin Row- bottom, and who resided at Garth Ferry, Bangor, North Wales, was making his way to the yacht along with his mate, Mr. Fry, when in the darkness he steppod off the quay into the water. Rowbottom was about 45 years of age and was married.

THE PEARSON AND KNOWLFS COAL AND IRON

COMPANY.

The Pearson gnd Knowles Coal and Iron Company, Limited, Warrington, have done a great deal of work for the Ship Canal Company since the first sod of the great undertaking was cut. They made and fixed the iron required in the bridge over the Runcorn and Latch- ford Canal at Latchford ; the bridge carrying the Lon- don and North-Western Railway over Bradshaw-lane. Latchford ; the bridge carrying the Altrinchain road over the London and North-western railway at Thelwall a three span bridge over the Cheshire lines st Glazebrook a bftige over the Bridgewater canal at Old Traflord ; a bridge over. the Cheshire Lines Railway at the same place ; a trellis foot bridge over the Cheshire lines at Flixton ; the bridvs for the approach roads to the Part- • ington coal basin, eight in all ; all the foot bridges for the estuary locks and entrance gates, as well as all the iron and steel fittings for the lock gates at Eastham, Latchford, 'clam. Barton and Manchester. In addition to the above work the steam navvies have been repaired and gearing made for them. A coal tip constructed at East ham, a bridge made over Randle's sluice, and the cast iron lining of the subway under the bed of the Ship Canal at Barton have just been finished. A large quan- titv of (thee work has been accomplished, including the manufacture of two 10 ton locomotive steam cranes, and many hundrud sets of points and crossings, the total weight of the iron, used being considerably over 5,000 tens.

A WARBINGTON LABOURER DROWNED. At eleven o'clock on Wednesday, the body of a man was seen floating on the Ship Canal between Wash-lane, Highlevel Bridge and Twenty Step Bridge, Stockton Heath, Warrington, arid was towed to the bank at the latter bridge. It was conveyed to the Red Lion Inn and examined by Constable Brewis. It had apparently been in tke water for a considerable length of time. it was the body of a medium stout man, of indefinate age, dressed in black serge jacket and vest, and cordu- roy trousers. In the pockets were a silver watch and chain and 75.--Further investigations showed that the body was that of a labourer named Thomas Colmar, aged 19, who had been in the employ of Mr. Broady, farmer, Latch- ford. The deceased had been missing since the 27th ot November. On that day he had left the farm t) see a friend off to Ireland, by a train leaving Bank Quay late at night. He was seen to commence the return journey with a number of companions, but he left them at War- "rington Bridge, and was never heard of afterwards. Strange to say, when the body was recovered the de- ceased's right hand was in his right hand trousers pocket. Mr. Worsley held an inquest upon the body of the deceased, in the Red Lion Inn,yesterday. The brother of deceased said that he had left him on Warrington Bridge, at about 10-30 on the night of November 27. He went towards home along Wilderspool Causeway, and witness had never seen him since. Deceased had had some drink, but was not drunk.--P.C. Brew said that there was a mark upon the forehead, of decemed, butj , in his opinion, it had been inflicted after death.—The !jury returned a veidict of " Found Drowned."

THE rola OF MANCHESTER: RUNCORN ANNULLED. The" London Gazette" of Tuesday night contains at warrant of the Lords of Commissioners for her Majesty's Treasury, declaring the limits of the port of Liverpool. The warrant also revokes and annuls the appointment of Runcorn as a port, and includes" what is now that port in the litnite of the intended port of Manchester, but it is not our intention that tliis last mentioned ex- tension of the intended port of Manchester shall be deemed to affect any of the rights, power, or privileges of the port of Liverpool, or of the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board, in relation to the waters over which the said board have powers, under the provisions of the Mersey Docks Acts Consolidation Act, 1858, or any other 1001 Act." As regatas Manchester, the warrant declares :—" And we do hereby appoint Manchester, on and after the Ist day of January, 1394, to las a port of the United King- dom called England, and do hereby declare that the limits of the said port shall commence at the eastern ter- mination of the part of Liverpool; that is to say, at an imaginary straight line across the river Mersey from Dungeon Point, on tke Lancashire shore, to Ince Ferry on the Cheshire shore, and shall include' the river Mersey, above the said lino and the river Irwell so far as the same are navigable, and the river Weaver to Frodsharn Bridge ; and shall also include the Manchester Ship Canal from the entrance thereof at East- ham, in the county of Chester (where it touches the port of Liverpool), to Hunt's Bank. in the city and parish of Manchester, with all channels, havens, streams, creeks, cuts, and docks within the limits aforesaid. And we do hereby, from the 31st day of December, 1893, annul all further limits of the said ports of Liverpool and Runcorn and declare Runcorn to be no loner a port. SHIP CANAL EXCITEMENT. Mr. Henry Whitworth died at the Grange. Eccles, on Tuesday night. He had been ill for sometime, and his great fear latterly was that he would not live to see, or at any rate to know of, the actual opening of the Man- Chester Ship Canal. The excitement of this event was certainly the iininedia.te cause of his death. FROM RUNCORN co MANCHESTER. The London" Gazette" of 'Tuesday announced that Runcorn was no longer a Port. The people of the" good old Port" were aware of this fact before this official in- timation to the world, but it did not prevent a large number of them from feeling great interests in the open- ing of the Ship Canal on New Year's Day. If the Com- missioners had not thought fit to follow the example set by the Corporation of Warrington, taking part in the auspicious event, there were two Runcorn trading firrne, determined to have a share in the opening of the Port of Manchester, namely, Messrs. J. Brundrit and Co., and Mr. W. Rowlands. The latter gentleman who supplied upwards of a million tons of gravel during the construc- tion of the Manchester Ship Canal, had three steamships bound for Salford Docks, the Owen Tudor, the Hebe, and the Lady Kate, carrying respectively 210 tons, 150 tons, and 100 tons of granite setts from the Penmaen- mawe Quarries of Messrs. Brundrit. 'The Cecil also car- ried 230 tons of similar material from the owners' quar- ries. Mr. Rowlands had invited a number of friends and business colleagues to make the voyage, and at half past eight on Monday there was a large crowd assem- bled at the Old Quay, whence a start was to be made. ;On the Owen Tudor were Mr. and Mrs. Rowlands, Mr. W. E. Rowlands, Mr. Frank Rowlands, Mr. and Mrs. R. Abel, Mr. W. Ilankinson,Mr. John Laurence (Lloyd's agent), Mr. W. H. Weston, Mr. Richards, Mr. Richard Hough (Winsford), Captain LeCouteer,Mr. T. H. Annett, . Mrs. Hughes, Mrs. John Wilson, Mr. W. B. Crossley and Me. Fred Lewis, Captain Lewis; Mr. U. E. Sayce, Mr. I. Carr, and Mr. 11. White, of Widnes, joined the ship at Latchford Locks. There were also numerous companies on teoard the other two steamers, and on the Belles were noticed Mr. Joseph Pritchard and party. and Mr. Walter Timmins and party. On board the Cecil were Mes,rs. S. Tas for, It. J. Grice, H. White, NV. Lancaster, 11. Branch, W. Sutton, G. Horsefield, J. Horsefield, M. Barker, A. Evans, J. Evans, A. Linnell, J. Swinton, A. R. Bradshaw, Jas. Littler and others. at five minutes past nine, the Owen:Tudor steamed away from the dock side under the command of Captain Js. Ravenscrolt, followed by the three vessels already ri named and several others including the Dynamic from IBelfast. 'The Hebe was in CoMmaritl of Captain George Harvey, and the Lada Kate was in charge of Captain Daniel Atherton. The Cecil was piloted by Captain H. Hill senior, Captain George Hardley, being in command. The vessels gaily decorated with streamers and bunting made quite a brilliant show as they steamed along in the brilliant sunshine, and it being quite clear that Latchford would be reached too late to take part in the official procession, this contingent was quickly and appropriately named " 'Rowlands procession." It was an ideal wintere day for toe purpose, and although the wind blew keen and cold, voyagers kept the deck, in order to get a complete view of the new waterway. The strata of rock through which we had to pass to Latch- ford was examined with great interest, and it was noticed that in places there were great rents and that in others there were signs of crumbling away. On arriv- ing at the swing bridge at Wilderspool the pedestrian and vehicular traffic was so great, that the pro- gession was stopped " for twenty minutes. An 1 entrance was made into Latchford Locks I shortly before eleven o'clock, and the engineer of the party ascertained that it occupied the apace of seven minutes to fill the large locks. As the Owen Tudor

===== 0002601_18940106_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
FATALI TY AT WESTON POINT.

On Thursday afternoon, at the Weaver Hotel, Mr. J. E. Worsley, coroner held an inquest on the body of George "rarbuck. aged 85 years, of Barnton, Northwich, who met with his death on Monday nizht under the fol- lowing distressing circumstances. Ta,rbuek was captain of the fiat Toiler, ofLiverpool, which was moored along- side the Ship Canal Wall in the new basin at Weston Point. About eleven o'clock at night he was seen going on lioard by a - lampman named Richard Collins, who, knowing the difficulty of the road, watched him get to his destination. He saw him get upon the ladder to de- scend, which twistinp.; caused him to fall between the fiat and the canal wall. Collins, in going to his rescue, was similarly treated by the ladder. In answer to his cries for help to members of the crew of the Falmouth Castle came two his assistance and got him out of the water 'in a very exhausted condition. Information was given to the police, who began to drag for the body of Tarbuck, but only succeeded in finding it shortly before nine o'clock on Tuesday nsorning. A verdict of "acci- dental death " was returned, and the Coroner compli- mented Collins on his conduct. -

===== 0002601_18940106_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES-WARRINGTOI.

THE REV. PETER MACKENZIE• AT WARRINGTON. There were large congregations at Bold-st., Wesleyan Chapel, on Sunday morning and evening, to hear the Rev. Peter Mackenzie preach. It is some considerable time since the rev, gentleman visited Warrine,rton, and much interest was aroused by his visit. A lecture was also given by him in the Wesleyan schoolreom on Mon- day evening, when the commodious room was crowded. The title of the lecture was "The nameless prophet of Judah, and his wonderful history.." After the singing of a hymn, the Rev. J. Kirtlan said it was a grand finish to a day remarkable for the opening of the "Ship Canal to have a lecture from the Rev. P. Mackenzie. He added that owing to the illness of Mr. Hartley, who was to have been chairman, that position would be filled by Mr Henshall. Mr. Henshall in referring to the lecturer, said time seemed to deal very gentle with him. Mr. Mackenzie, who received a most enthusiastic reception, dealt very exhaustively with the history of Jeroboam, and the incidents conmected with his reign over the. Draelites,dwelling at length on the visits of the unknown prophet to Jeroboam. The lecturer spoke of the pro- phet's disobedience, and his punishment which resulted in his death. The Rev. Owen Watkins moved a vote of thanks to the lecturer and chairman ,which was seconded by the Rev. G. D. Mason. The Rev. J. Kirtlan sup- ported the motion, andit was carried with acclamation. ! A collection was taken on behalf of the Chapel Trust and Building Fund. ELLESMERE-ST. WESLEYAN MISSION. The first annual tea meeting in connection with the above mission took place on Tuesday night in the mis- sion room. About 100 persons sat down; s tea, after which a social gathering was held, over which the Rev. G. D. Mason presided. After singing and prayer, Mr. I. Barlow read the annual report, which stated that last year they were without premises in which to carry on their work,their tenancy of Buttermarket-st.school hav- ing expired, but by the kindness of the members of the Gospel Temperance Mission, they were allowed the use of their room until another could be obtained. Four gentlemen subsequently undertook the responsibility of finding means to erect a suitable building, and, as most' ef the members of the Sunday school came from Elles- ' mere-st. quarter, it was decided to build in that neigh- I bourbon& The present building was erected and opened ! on April 3rd,at a cost of £2OO or £3oo,which they hoped to wipe out as soon as possible. 'They had already £2O promised for the next anniversary, and the ladies of the mission were preparing for a sale of work to be held early in the year. At the opening of the school they had 213 scholars, and How 288, an increase of 75, with an ' average attendance of 50 in the morning, and 151 Ba the afternoon. 'There was a competent staff of teachers, all of whom were members of society. A penny bank had been established, which had proved very successful, and there were also 60 inembere attending the society classes. The Saturday Evening Penny Concerts were fully appi e• elated by the people of the district. In addition to the ' above, it had been intended to commence classes during ! the week, to teach, writing, reading, arithmetic, and shorthand, arid there was a newsroom in connection with the mission at which newspapers and periodicals I could be read, and also games of draughts, Scc., indulged in.—The Chairman said that Eilesmere-st. was an ideal mission, for what a good many people said ought to be done was being done. He believed that in ' the future the .present building would give way to a large. handsome, and permanent structure. In reading of Methodism, ho was struck by the progress it was making in the world. In London, for instance,although the population had increased eightfold during the past ,100 years,the membership of the Methodist Church had increased tenfold, and what was true of London was true of a great many other centres. He was much etruck by a remark of the Rev. Thomas Coek, who said that from his experience, whenever a Methodist chapel was built it was always filled. He was also a great believer in work among children and he thought that religious influences should bs brought to bear upon them in their earliest cleys,so that they might take the place of the present workers in the coming generation.—The Rev. J.Kirtlan expressed his satisfaction that the mission had been so successful in its work, and also with the educe- eational work they had taken in hand. They were show- ing what could be done by a place in which there were no millionaires, and no timo to spare. He generally found that the best workers were those who had no time to spare.—During the evening the following programme was gone through :—Song, "To-morrow will be Friday," Mr. F. Fieldhouse ; song, "'The devoted apple," Miss F Beetle; Lencaehire recitation, "The census," Mr. G. Whitfield ; song, " Monday mottling," Mr. F.Fieldhonse, encored, "Jessie Macfarlane" ; recitation," Rosy Ned," Mr. George Whitfield ; duet, "'There's no place like home," Mr. L. Richardson and Miss Bodle, encored ; recitation, " A Quarrel," Mr. W. Z Ashton, encored, "Spirit of contradiction " •, song, •‘ Daddy," Miss Bodle ; recitation, Mr. G. Whitfield. The meeting was brought to a close by the pronouncing of the Benediction. THE P.S.A. AT WYCLIFFE CHURCti. The membership for Wycliffe P.S.A. is now 1,098, end ,at the usual service on Sunday afternoon, the church was well filled. 'The chair was taken by Mr. Ainsworth who delivered a brief address. The speaker for the afternoon was Mr. Bertsall, of Manchester, who gave an excellent exposition of the words contained in Christ's denunciation of the servant with one talent. Mr. H. Howard was the soloist, and he sang a solo from "The Creation." Mr. W. H. Payton was the accompanist. The following also took part in the service :---Rev. J. Yonge, Mr. Haley, and Mr. J. Hawthorn.—A. tea meet- ing in connection with the brotherhood was held on Tuesday evening whcn over 400 persons sat down to tea in the schoolroom. The arrangements had been made be the following committee ;—Messrs. Haynes, Haley, G. Wallington, A. Lang, Wilkinson, Atkinson, and T. Wallington, secretary. The tables were presided over by the following ladies ;—Mesdames D. R. Mason, F. Vfotneraley, Clay, Lang, R. Lowe, J. Cotterill, T. Malkin, Butterworth, Gleave' J. Critchley, G. Jeffery, and Misses Pickavance, L. Pickavance, Haynes, M. ,Haynes, Monks, Knowles, Lee, Blease, Legge. Gray, N. Taylor, Shepherd, assisted by Messrs. D. It. Mason, J. Ainsworth, Haviour, C. Knowles, J. H. Knowles, A. Long, T. Wilkinson,' E. S. Garland, J. Hawthorn, C. T. Owen, J. Hargreaves. H. Thomas, C. Buck, H. Evans, O. Lowe, C. Taylor, and A. Legge. After tea an ad- journment was made to the church while the hall was prepared for the meeting. Mr. W. H. Payton played selections on the crgan. At the entertainment the Rev. J. Yonge occupied the chair, and there were also on the platform :—Messrs. Haynea, T. Wallington, G. WM- lingion, A. Lang, W. Hickman, T. Malkin, and T. A. Wilkinson. The eintiruisia in the coarse of a faw re-

===== 0002601_18940106_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
marks said they might fairly congratulate themselves up- on the success of the P.S.A. at Wycliffe during the last nine months. There were people who ssid that it was only going to be a " flash in the pan" and that it would not last very long, and not likely to do what the Ameri- cans called " catch on." But in his opinion it had " caught en," and he hoped it was going to stop on. Of

course that 'remained with them, and also*with the

women to make the PS. A. successful. He was glad to see they had got 1,098 members on the roll, although he . . . . .

shouldhaveflkad to have started the new year -with

11100. On the first Sunday in March when they began a new year he hoped they would not find a very serious number of defaulters upon the register. He was very anxious to find out how much good the movement was doing. He had heard from several sources that tit effect upon a great number of men had been very good and very useful, and he would be very glad if at come time some V.S.A. mien expressed what they thought of the mevement. The programme opened with a concer- tina solo by Mr. Whittaker, his imitation of singing , birds being particularly good. In response to loud ap- plause he contributed " The Bells." The vocalists were Miss Kent, Mrs. G. Jeffery, Messrs. Watts, and \V. H. Wallington. The chairman gave a reading " 13,-tsv and I are out, and how Betsy and I made up." Mr. Butter- field contributed several recitations. Mr. W. H. Payton accompanied on the piano. The whole of the items were well rendered, and were much appreciated by the audience. A vote ot thanks wus passed to all who had assisted in the entertainment and tea on the proposition of Mr. W. Hickman, seconded by Mr. T. Malkin. The singing of the Doxology concluded the proceedings. A. RETROSPECT OF 1893.—SERMON BY THE REV.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
J. YONGE

There was a large congregation in Wycliffe Church on Sunday evening to hear the Rev. J. Yonge preach on the subject" 1893 : Its events and experiences of mark and meaning." He took his text from the first verse of the 101st Psalm. He said 1893 kad in many respects been a remarkable year. It was long, indeed, since in this country we had had such a remarkable continuance of fine weather. The previous year was very•different. Out of 52 Sundays some 40 were wet. The 1893 Sundays —troin March right on to nearly October—had been invariably fine. It was a very pleasant coincidence that in starting the P.S. A., fine weather should break out en the first Sunday and keep company with the movement . .

until it had become so established a success that wet weather could not hinder it. Still the year had been a

trying one. Speaking of their own town, it might truly be said that Warrington had been very hard hit during 1893. It was beset by disease in the beginning and br distress in the ending. Last New Year's Day found them in the midst of an epidemic of smallpox, which from its commencement in the July previous, until the end of March last year kTized 598 persons, and carried 60 of them off in death. Much debate took place during the time of that epidemic as to the lack of fore- sight and promptitude on tho part of town officials by which the disease was allowed to make headway until

it became almost impossible of restraint. There might have been ground for that criticism, but it would not be difficult to find reasons for lsnieney of judgment. It was an event without parallel for a long nu tuber of years. Thu present officials had had no experience of combating the evil, and with a lawful desire to avoid expensive and burdensome outlay, they hesitated too long in taking what proved to be absolutely necessary steps. Consequently, the disease spreal with terrible rapidity, until the whole town lay under a general ban. If, how- ever, that epidemic had its lessons of prudent fore- thought and prompt action for official men, he thought most assuredl) it had equally its lessoen for the people generally. It was vain for sanitary authorities to fight an epidemic if the people in whose interests they fought carelessly contributed to the'spread of the plague. This was done in the small-pox epiaeinic very largely. Num- bers of people jeopardized not only their own health, but the health of their families and neighbours, and even of ' passers-by in the streets by their needless contact with the victims of the disease. It was capable of by no means difficult proof that that epidemic, which des- troyed not (ally health and in maw: cases life also, but the comfort, the business, and the industry of the town, and saddled the borough with a sum of L'9,000 of ex- penditure,' was largely propagated and promoted by sheer carelessness, by reckless violation ef common sense, as well as by wilful neglect of the advice and precept of medical authoritiss. He submitted that the greatest care should be exercised with regard to contagious diseases. Referring to the distress caused by the coal stoppage, he said the fact that some 5,000 people a day were fed by public subscriptions, for over three months was evidence of a very lamentable condition of distress, while it was also an evidence of a large amount of generous symi:athy on the part of many ef those who were in more favoured circurestaaces. It was to hirn, and he thought it must be to all, a cause for satisfaction that upon this occasion the work of relief was taken in hand by all sects arid parties in far more general and united fashion than had formerly been the case. Mr. Yonge then proceeded to point out the absolute need of thrift, SD that when the "evil days" came they might be able to Inapt and en- dure them in a noble independence of publicTbarity. It was vain for them to agitate for higher wages until they knew how to really profit. by their wages, and how to rightly use their leisure. Referring to the completion of the Ship Canal, Mr. Yonge said he believed that there were better days coming for Wartingtcm, and hoped that they at Wycliffe, would have their eyes open, and be reaoy for useful christian service. Mr. Yonge afterwards referred to the past year from a national standpoiat.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. PAUL'S CEIURCLI.

The watch night service at St. Paul's Church, was conducted by the Vicar, the Rev. H. V. Pigot, and the Rev. T. M. R. Young-Hughes, curate. There was a large congregati®n. The Vicar, selected for his text the words " Tract ye in the Lord for ever, for in the Lor,. Jehovah is everlasting strength." He said that there was a par- ticular solemnity attaching to these years in the last' decade of the 19th century. Since they had come into the nineties, each year as it passed by, rang the knell of another century. He had chosen the text, because it gave them an assurance of permanence amid all these changes, and because it contained a warning to them against being drawn away by the novelties in God was the same, and their religion, if it was to stand the test of time, must be exactly that which had stood the test of this century. They might bo warned by the unchangeableness of God against any new fashions in religion and in their service. It was a solemn time to him that he had now completed the third year of his ministry at St. Paul's, and he trusted they had so far by heir experience gained confidence in him, that he was not prone to hasty change. but would lead them in the old paths." The hymn " 0 God our help in agas past," was sung, and as the congregation left the church wish- ing each other" A Happy New Year," the bells were h(ard announcing the birth of the new year by a merry peal.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
BOLD-STREET WESLEYAN CHAPEL.

The watchnight service at the Bold-st., Weslowan I Chapel, was very well attended. Tsie Rev. J. Kirtlan I presided, and after suitable, hymns and prayer. Mr. W. I Hickman gave an address upon the " Watchnights of ' scripture." In a very interesting manner, he detailed the various watchnights, and contrasted the present peaceful one to others which had been held in the may times of the world's history. Miss F. Bodle next sang "I know not what awaits me," in a very appropriate manner,and the Rev.J.Kirtlan then reviewed the events of the past year,a,nd urged his hearers to begin the new year with a determination to improve upon the past. The last three minutes of the year were passed in silent prayer. Immediately after twelve o'clock, Mr, Kirtlan wished the congrezation "A happy new year," and the hymn " Come, let us anew," was sung. After the benediction was pronounced the usual good wishes were given by the congregation, Who separated at ,about tne minutes past twelve.

WYCLIFFE CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH. There was a large congregation at the watch-night service held at Wycliffe Congregational .;tiurch, on Sun- day night, commencing at 11.15. The Rev. John Yonge in the course of an address, said they sometimes spoke of things as being" past and gone." Sometimes they looked on the past with regret, and at other times with a sense of relief, and were glad to get rid of it. He asked thorn to examine their past, and consider whether there was anything that might be improved upon. After the clock had struck twelve, Mr. Yonge wished the congre- gation. and especially the P.S.A:members, a very happy New Year.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE WESLEYAN CHAPEL.

The watch-night service held in the Padgate Weslevan Chapel on Sunday evening, was conducted by the Rev, G. D. Mason. There was a good congregation, and the servbe throughout was of a most impressive character.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW TO LIVE LONG.

Miss Eliza Work is au old lady who will be one hundred years old if she lives six weeks longer, and she resides at llenrietta, N.Y., U.S.A. Having been interviewed by an American journalist, she gives the following recipe for the attainment of old age :—" The reason I have lived so long," says Miss Work "and kept always so well and hearty, is because I never drank tea or coffee, and, above all, never got married." The good lady evidently lives up ' to her name, for she says•she has done a nig day's wo, k every day for more than ninety years, and hopes to do ' a great many more. Miss Work's brother lived to be 101, and she is of opinion that he would have lived much • longer if he had never married. "People who marry and drink coffee and tea ought not to expect to live very long." •

A labourer named Martin, residing at Sunderland, while mad with drink, flung a number ot deadly missiles from a second-storey window on Monday evening at passers-by, and seriously injured three persons, one at least, it is supposed fatally. It is stated that Elizabeth Mapp, the unfortunate girl who was convicted of child murder four years ago, was on Thursday released from prison. The sentence of death—which of course there was never any intention to carry out—was cosautitttd to penal servitude for life.

===== 0002601_18940106_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
PE NKETIL

SHOP ROBBFRY.—Sonica person evidently meant to - begin the New Year well, to judge from the appearance of Mr. D. Hou2hton's boot shop on Tuesday morning. The shop, which is a• lock-up one, was broken into on Monday niy.:ht, and a large quantity of boot,4,etc.,stolen. The thi,-ves had also inspected the till, but were doubt- less disappointed to find it empty. fhere is no clue to the depredators. _

TiE NEW YEAR.—In consequence of New Year's Eve falling on Sunday,the uqual te.i meeting in the WeAeyan School was dispensed with, but the watch night service was held and was largely atternled. The Rev. John Gun- nell conduc;e,l the service. and preached a powerful ser- mon. On Monday, the; village N., as pai-tiaity f:es.‘rted, all thr! works being stopped, and the innal,itants seemed to make for the one re,ith-zvous, the Ship Canal. PROMOTION OF P.C. SLINGSBY.—PC. z-qinv.sby, whit- has been stationed in Peril:eh during the pact ten y. atA; . was on Saturday promot d the rank ,it Tuesday, be was remove i to the Itossendide div istrt, t do duty' there. 'the promotion has given genur3l static- lactiri to sergeant and men alike in thi,4 neighhourhood. PENKETH MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT SOCIETY C:,NVERSA- ZIONE. On Wednesday night the annual convorsazione

in connection with the above society was held in the Wesleyan schoolroom. The room was very taste:ll:lY decorated with flags, ferns, &c.,the credit fir this being due to Mr. A. White and his willing assistants. S coral tables of interestieg exhibits and curoos were alsranged around the room under the di rectian of Mr. Snothly. A distinguished gathering was present among whom were Mr. and Mrs. R. Garnett (gall Nook) and family, Mr. and Mrs. C. E: Parker, Miss Bessie Dutton, Mr. R. E. z•;- Garnett, Dr. and Mrs. Murray, Mr. and Mrs. Normi rt. Mr. and Mrs. Wigfield, Mrs.Doeg, Dr. J. G. Parker. The - most Eterdsting of :be various amusements was the phonograph, under the care of Profs. J. awl W. Ba.ker„ who have been giving a treat to the Warrington people , for the last few weeks. The novelty of. the machiee charmed the people, and the Professors had a busy time of it. After the exkibits had been inspected, Mr. Parker took the chair and commenced the concert. Mr. Parker called attention to the many curios, &c., and took the usual opportunity to call attention to the scheme of pro- ductive co-operation, many specimens of the industry in question embellishing, the walls of the room. He then called upon Miss Agnes Lewis, A.R.C.M., to render the " Rhapsodic Hoogroise," a difficult feat, and which eli- cited great applause. Mr. A. Appleton then sang "The Empress of the Sea," in his usual brilliant style, and the chairman called upon Dr. J. G. Parker to address the audience on" German student life." This proved most interesting, the audience enjoying it greatly. Miss Ruth Bardsley sang "She wore a Wreath of Roses," with great sweetness,and a song by Mr.R. E.Garnett "Ask nothing more," closed the first part of the programme. Refresh- ments were then partaken of and many took the oppor- tunity of hearing the phonograph. - The second part of the programme commenced with a pianoforte solo "Bal- lade in A," by Miss Lewis, followed by a humorous read- ing by Mr. R. Garnett. Another song by Miss Bardsley and one by A.Appleton concluded the programme. Votes of thanks were passed, and the rest of the evening NV tS spent in games, &c., a most enjoyable finish up being spent.

RUNCORN, SATURDAY.—Fresh butter Is 6d and Os Od 1)8 lb.; fresh eggs, 6 for Is ; fowl, 3s Od to Os Od per couple; ducks, Ss Od per cou le ; geese Os to Cd per lb. ' • turkeys Cs to Os Od per lb ; beef, 8d per lb.; mutton. Bid to s per lb.; por dto Sld per lb. • lamb lid to Od per lb. ; veal Od to 94; per lb. ; potatoes, 5s &I to Os Od per load. Cheese 70 per lb. WIDNES, SATunnAv.—Fresh butter, Is 4d and Os Od per lb. ; fresh e ga. 8 for is ; fowls, 3s Od to Os per couple ; ducks.. 03 Od to Os per couple ; geese, • d per lb. ; beef 70 to 9d per lb. ; mutton 45 to 65 per lb. ; pork, 95 to Ccl per lb. ; veal, Oct to Od per lb. ; lamb, Od per lb. ; potatoes per load, 5s 6d. - MA RK E TS. I WARRINGTON MARKET.—WEDNESDAY, JAN. 6ra. VED-1- TABLE, POULT,Y, BUTCHERS', AND

FISHMONGERS' TABLE. S. d. s. 1. s. d. S. d. Beef, Eng.,ll, it, 0 5/to 0 9- Melon , each c.) 6 0 8 Lamb., „ Mutton „ yea; „ „ rl 6-0 9 Pears 0 2 0 3 Pori. „ -0 9 A.,ricoto e,:ch 0 e—o 11 Pork sides car-d 0 6-0 0 Cattbflowero ... 0 4 0 0 Wh pigs„ Fc 9 6 9 Cuetnithcr, each() 4 0 6 deese „ F Ity 81, couple 4 6 0 0 Tom-does ID' it • 0 0 10 Chickens Du .ks „ 6 o—o 0 pants. Onions 0 0— 0 0 t 1 its Hares. each ... 4 6 -0 0 Asparagus ti• 10)0 0 —0 0 Pigeons „ . 1 0— 0 0. Potatoes bowl 3 0-4 0 Par 'idge trace 4 o—o 0 New pota, oes „ 0 0 0 0 Gr‘unie „ -0 0 ,'cusf.ro ms 4P it 0 0— 0 6 Pheasan s - 0 6 Turkey. ...... 0 10-0 0 Butter, fresh 1 4-1 5 Green 'prouts It 0 3—o 0 lien e..gs6 SY 7 1 0 --0 0 B• aus, kidney e 0 2 0 3 Duck „ 0 0— 0 0 Pomegzanates...o I—o 0 Apples 1., - 0 6 Onions ~0 I—o 2 Lemons „ Grapes „ 0 0— 1 0 Cheese fine 68 0— 73 0 rineApple each 0 0— 5 0 „ good 6O 0 65 0 Greengages il-0 0-- 0 4 ~ ordinary 43 0—55 0 C erries „ Stravy b.rries 0 0-0 0 Turbot „ --0 0 Damsons „ „0. 2. 0 0 S !mon „ Plums „ 0 0— 0 4 Whit.ngs Gooseberries „ 0 0— 0 0 Flukes „ Rasp erries „ 0 0— 0 0 Eels „ „ Black Currants U 0— 0 0 Soles „ „ ite:l urrant, 0 0— 0 0 Sparlinc,rs - 0 0 Marrows each 0 0— 0 4 Coltish, - 0 0 Settle 0 0— 0 0 Mackerel eac+) 0 0 —0 0 Rhubarb bch 0 5 0 0 '-"erriaz 7:r dozen 1 6—o 0

t. Warrington.—Printed and Published by JOIN „vil_sireet- at The Examiner General Printing Works. De_7,_,„s-'ria-044 and Published also at The Examiner Offices, ASL. WwB; High-street. Rintconrt ; 32. Heiene ;I and ,33. Market-street.) Itud-s5T° 6, 'IBA.

===== 0002601_18940106_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
CAIRO-STREET CHAPEL, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) EVRNING, January 7, 1894, t Rev. W. H. DRUMMOND will give his monthly address To W orkingmen. Subject. Onward! Upward! Heavenwrrd ! Music on the org4n at 6.15. t.iervice at 6.30 All seats free A LECTURE Wi.l be delivered at the MA ONTO ROOMS, BOLD-STRICET, WARRINGTON, On TUESDAY HVENING. JANUARY 16TH. by MR. W. B. ROBERTS. F.C.S„ ot Wilderspool, •• WATER FILTRATION." Chair to be taken by THOMAS MORRIS EQ.. F.G.S., Further particulars wll ap;..ear in the next issue.

BOLD-STREET WESLEYAN CHAPEL, wARRINoToN. • TO-MORROW (SUNDAY). JAN. 7th. 10.30,• Rev. JOHN KIRTLAN. 6.30, Rev. G. D. MASON. MONDAY, JANUARY Bth. ANNUAL t=UNDA.Y SCHOOL TEA and CONVERT. Vocalirts ; Miss Newcombe, Mr. Levi Richardson, Mr. W. H. Wallington. Instrumentalists : Miss J. E. Bigot, Miss W. Bigot, Mr. Hipkiss, Mr. Ward. Recitations by Miss Bennett. Anthems by the choir. Tickets for tea and concert 9d. Concert only 3d, and ed. Tea at 6 o'clock. Concert 7.20.

Y C LI F FE wCA.lxiyiißieclTl,oN BEWS EY -STRE ET, TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) JaNuanr 7, 1894. SPECIAL NEW YEAR SERVICES At 10.39. Address to Young People on . " Begin Well, and End Well." And at 6.30, The Wycliffe Motto for 1894, by the REV. JOHN YONGE. N.8.--Membere bf Wycliffe Congregation earnestly invited • to make even- eff,rt to attend and risks the best possible beginning of the Sundays of 1894. Hearty wel:..otne giver. to ail I Usual Offertories. • -- ROYAL COURT TIIEATR E.—TO-NIGHT "A WOMAN OF NO IMPORTANCE." Each Evening NEXT wE EK at 8, and Wednesday and Baturday At tv-noons at 2-30, PROF. h. K. CROCKER'S AP- EDUCATE 0 HORSES-30. The only Entertainment of its kind in England. See the DA V PARADE at 12-30. THEATRE ROYAL,WARRINGTON.--TO-NIGHT, "SA.TAN'S SLAVE."—NEXT WEEK. "MY PART- end "THE DANITES." • THE PASTEUR GERM FILTER EXHIBITION, OLD MASONIC ROOMS, SANKEY-STREET, • WARRINGTON. *PEN DAILY (Except Sundays) between the hours of 10 and 6. Zvery person interested in the important question of tYgiene is cordially invited to view the Filters ; and Tickets • 4.1 admission may he obtained on ap, lication, written or Istherwise, to Mr. WHITFIELD CRO TS. This remarkable Filter has been fitted up at the above 'room s regardless of exnense, and is on view daily. The ser- vices of Dr. Gilbert D. Sutherlan have been specially retained to affo d technical and bacteriological assistance to those who nifty he interested in the important question of the preven- tion of disease. Diseases such as are riohtly attributed to water are not 'eaused by chemical substances. The distinction, as has bee:. Well said, betwe-rt wbol,some water and infectious w.i.fer, '4oes no, lie in the colon-, nor in the smell, nor in he taste, nor in the t hemical ar.alysis. It lies, as does the life or death of Ur-se who drink it, in the presence or absence of 'disease germs and the microbes which they develope. The PA,TEUR FILTER is absolutely the only Filter 'Which insures immunity to the water drinker from the terrible ravages produced y these disease germs. Read what SIR lIENRY ROSCOE, M.P., Ph.D., F.R.S. has stated : Ordinary FILTERS are no good at all. The only Filter that protects the water drinker from the germs is tie Past,ur Filter." THE MINISTER OF WAR FOR FRANCE says "In three out of the four cases Typhoid Fever may be aVOldet by using the PASTEUR GERM FILTER." PROFEFSOIt J. ALFRED WANKLYN and Dr. GILBERT D. SUTHERLAND, report 'The PASTEUR GERM FILTER frees water from poison- °o% geanis. Mere lapse of time cannot affect its effi'Aency.."

LONG WORTH'S, 4 and 6, Oak-street, Thomas-st., MANCHESTER. Fol BUTTER PAPER I PARCHMENTS CHEESE PAPER. I and PAPER BAGS. Cheap DAYBOOKS, LEDGFRS. NOTEPAPERS, ENVELOPES. &e.

I, 71.1 _at_ fIYN HALL, 1-1-4.40. .LESTMVIC:- POWERk•UL ATTRACTION for the NEW YEAR : HOLIDAYS! OPENING OF THE NEW TOWN HALLS I -- Special Visit for Positively Six Nights Only. Commencing MONDAY, JANUARY Bn', 1894. The Highly Popular and Suir:essful NEOPOLITAN Cum?, AND BUXTON FAMILY. Itew and Varied Programme Nightly. Interesting, Refined, And UD to Date! Largely Augmented Company. See Miss KITTY WOODFORD, the Charming Serio-Comic Vocalist! See CAPTAIN ALEXANDER FOX, the Premier .., Vert. riloquist 1 I oee Mr. WILLIAM KINGSLEY, the Champion Handbell Soloist of tho World ! I ! . Doors open at 7.30. Performance at 3. Prices, Is., 6d., & 3d. ... SPECIAL MATINEE PERFORMANCE on SATURDAY, ,lANt!..atur 13T, at 3 o'clock. for School Children. Prices Id. and 2d. Adults 3d. and 6d. ...Weekly Tickets at Reduced Prices, can be had at the all or "at Mr. Clarke's, Market-street. Front Spats 45., 'econd Seats 25., Available Every Performance.

TIIE,6iTRE ROYAL & OPERA HOUSE, ST. HELENS. Sole Prorrietor and Manager...(also Lessee of The:axes Royal Sheffield and Leicester) MR. WALLACE REVILL etiug Manager and Treasurer MR. RICHARD SOARS GRAND ILLUMINATED DAY PERFORMANCES -LIVERY SATURDAY AFTERNOON DURING THE PANTOMIME SEASON. ~.°O-RS OPEN AT 2 O'CLOCK, COMMENCE AT 2-15 muTB-1 he Day Perim mances are in every respect precisely the same as those given in the Evening. CHILDREN UNDER 12 YEARS OF AGE HALF PRICE TO ALL PARTS. SATU RDA Y EVENING, • JANUARY 6TII, And Every Evening until further notice, will be 'produced on a scale of Great Magnificence and Splendour, MR. WALLACE REVILL'S , (SEVENTH ANNUAL) GRAND COMIO CHRISTMAS PANTOMIME ENTITLED— JACK AND THE BEANSTALK, )3Y JOHN LEVEY and HARRY F. McCLELLAND. . PRICES OF ADMISSION )toc,nvAte Boxes, £2 2s. ; and El Ng. ;..Dress Circle, 3e. (First Entirl)r"s) Orchestral Stalls, 2s. ; Upper Circle, Is. 6d. ; Entire' Pit, 154 Amphitheatre 9d. ; Gallery 6d. an.ho'°ur: ,Open at 7. Commence at 7-15. Saturdays half EAR arlji.r St 6 3(-, DOORS will be opened at 6-30 each Evening 4rlmii"ek)• Parties wishing to avoid the Crush, will be bv same on payment of 3d. extra to Gallery and )Itheal ' •re and 6d. extra to ether parts tof the Theatre.

INFLL . Bflit ANZA, DIPHTHERIA, INFLUENZA. E THROATS CURED IN ONE HOUR BY Q Ver IjTOECROFT's CURE. DiPhtheria, Quinsy, Coughs, Colds, Asthma, Indiges- tion, Diarlho3a and Bronchitis, it is unequalled. in bottles Md., Is. ltd., and 2s. 9d. or al! Patent Medicine Vendors. :--29 PRINCESS-STREET. MANCHESTER. '

WT. NV 60 D & SON, WATCHMAKERS. JE ' ELLERS. AND SILVERSM *Z.IIS, SANKEY-ST., AND t. 011PORATION-ST., WARRIN )N. SPECIAL DI ...TNT or 2s. IN THE. 5.,/ .A.-JR CASH. DURING THE MONTH fYlr JANUARY. AGENTS IN WA.I.I:TtI-TON von *ells: LANCASHIRE AVATC!! UOMPANY, PRESCOT. TO introduce these excellent .WATCH ES to the public of W rrington, W. WOODS and SON will allow a special Aseount of 2/- the E off all the LANCASHIRE WATCH CO'S. W -fCHES so that the splendidly fi-dshed English Le' in &Aid Hall Marked Silver Cases fully warrant e for fi,,e y ears. usually sold for 50/- may behad ds g the MONTH OF JANUARY, at 4. GENT'S GOLD KEYLESS, ~!13 135. THIIEE-QUARTER PLAIT MY ER KEYLESS WATCH. £4 10s. and E. 4 55. SILVER KEY WINDING WATCH, 63/-. 60/-, and 50/- MARVELLOUS! A SOLID SILV to, ENGLISH LEVEE WATCH. Warranted for five years, 61..1y _FORTY I_l IVE OHILLINGS. 11, SA.NKEY-ST.. iisn CORPORATION ST.. WARRINGTON.

QUPTURES. - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. 11) T. EGGINpTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS{ or Cure of Rupture; registered; consulting hours 10 till 3. -Truss and Surgical Appliance Works. 7 &9. Grosvenor-strea, Lou- lon-road. Manchester.

ASSAGE TAUGHT in Manchester; terms -El is. JL fora course of six lessons.—Aisplv Miss GRFFNFIXLD, Home for Hospital-trained Nurses and Paying Patients, Starnforti-road, Bowdon.

MONEY LENT ON PHOTOGRAPHIC GOODS, DIAMONDS, JEWELLERY. & SILVER PLATE. W. JACKSON, 71, OXFORD-ST.. MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHILD 1860. WILL BUY OR EXCHANGE CURIOS DIAMONDS, OLD GOLD. AND SILVER; HIGHEST PRICES. W. JACKSON, PAWNBROKER, 71, OXFORD-ST., MANCHESTER.

DANCING- AND CALISTEI ENICS.—TtionOUGH SYSTEM.--Miss CA.VANAGH will re-commence her Classes at 63, Bewsey-street, Warrington. Advanced on Friday. January 12th. Beginners on Monday. January 15th, Steps at 7.30 pm. Children's on Saturday, January 20th, at 2.30 p.m. Terms. 105.6,1 per quarter. Families arranged with. Private Lessons in all the Fashionable Round Dances,l Guinea per Quarter. Three Private Lessons in the Waltz, 6s. 6d. Private Lessons in the Gavotte, Minuet, and other Farley Dances. Sehools and Famil;es at ended.

DANCING.—CIass for Beginners and Advanced Pupils gaily (afternoon and evening); Priv4e Lessons and Practice with lady assistants at any hour; complete system of iastruction. Adults who have never learned to dance thoroughly taught ; age immaterial ; proficiency guaranteed ; professional lessons given ; Skirt Dances; Fancy Dances ; lolanthe ; the Barn Dance, and all latest novelties ; Schools and Famalies attended ; fees moderate. Proqiectus containing full particulars on application. THE MANCHESTEU AUADEMY Of DANCING, ThOrOleigh, 68, Upper Brook-street, Manchester. Principals: Mr. and Mrs GEORGB ALEXANDIJR. _

WARRINGTON CORP‘J., CONCENTRATED MANURE. Sixteenth Season. GENERLL AGENT :—MR. W 4. HOUGHTON, PADDINGTON. NEAR WARRINGTON.

WARPINGTON QONCENTRATED MANURE. Agent ; Mr. JOSEPH TAYLOR, Lion Hotel, War- rington, who will attend the Warrington, Northyrich Ches- ter, and Knutsford Wrkets. All orders promptly executed. Analysis and testimonials on application.

ITH. I,ANCABIIIRE, LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND i INVESTMENT COMPAf.%IY, LIM11131). Head Office: 168, ISLINGTON-SQUARE, LIVERPOOL. LOANS frem £5 to £l,OOO on personal or other security. £l5, Repayable (Is. Weekly, Entire Charge £1 2s. 3d. 2.50„. 20s. „ .. £3 9s. Ckl. £lOO, „ 40s. „ £6 16-s. Od. ALlik. GORDON. Mmnager.

SUN IN SURFOVNCDEED 017F101? CE, (FIRE.) Bum riSURED is 1892.—R.391,800,000. • For all partizulars apply to the following Agents : WARRINGTON Mr. J. R. Piekwiere & Son, Bridge-st. Mr. Edward W. Woods. Commercial Chambers, 55, Horsemarket-street. Mr. Lewis Voisey. King-street. Mr. R. Lowe, slarket Gate Chambers.

THE UNION DANK OF MANCHESTER, LIMITED, VOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that a DIVIDEND at the rate of ELEVEN SHILLINGS PER SHARE for the htlf year ending 31st December, 1893 free of income tax, has been declared, and will be payable to th,i Share- holders on and after the 9th inst. A. J. FLETCHER, General Manager. 2nd January, 1894. N.B--Tbe transfer books are closed till alter the 9th inst.

THOMAS k)OWDELL. ESTATE AGENT, 1. MILL-ST., MARKET PLACE. WARRINGTON. Rents collected in Town or Country. Ageu; to Royal and Liverpool and London and Globe Insurance Companies.

THOMAS FRAIN, RENT and DEBT COLLECTOR, House, Estate, and General Commission Agent, 39, GLADSTONE STREET, WARRINGTON. RENTS AND ACCOUNTS regularly collected in town or country.—DEßTS PURCHASED. References and Terms on application. Communications promptly attended to.

THE WARRINGTON SLATE COMPANY, LTD (Late Jelin Nunnerley and Co., Ltd.). BUILDERS' MERCHANTS. ARPLY STATION, WARRINGTON, VELINHELI, PENRHYN, in CARNARVON SLATES. GEMENT, LIME, MAIN PIPF.S, FIRE BRICKS, TILES, and every other kind of Builders' Materials kept in stock at our Aspley Wharf, or sent by road, rsil, or vessel to any Town or Port in the United. Kingdom. SOLE AGENTS for the RUGBY PORTLAND CEMENT CO. Telephone No. 10. Telegraphic Address" Arplev," Pgton

BRAND & BEEF BOUILLON. A MOST NUTRITIOUS AND INVIGORATING BEVERAGE. Made by the Simple Addition of Boiling Wat At a Coßt within the reach of all. U. LITTLE STANHOPE-ST.. MAYFAIR. NV

LowFffr CHEAP COAL. LoWliT POSSIBLE BANK QUAY COAL DEPOT POSSIBLE Pilierj IT. HALTON & Co., PRICES Ott COAL MERCHANTS, on. 1 applicat'u FACTORY LANE COAL YARD, WARRINGTON. apilicat'n NOM—WINTER PRICES. IMMEDIATE DELIVERY

THE AUTUMN LEAVES ARE FALLING. The da3s are shorter and the nights are colds r, and a good fire has quite a cosy look. Do you want some LINOLEUM to briohten your home? B. HEMBRY & CO. have the Largest Artistic Selection of exclusive designs in the province, in all qualities, at prices to salt everyone. Come and pick your _patterns. We are glad to see you, and there is no charge for looking. Experienced workmen sent any distance. Telephoae 537. I[3. lIENIBRY & CO., LINOLEUM SPECIALISTS, 45 and 47. CR OSS-STREET. MANCHESTER.

GARLAND'S. Telephone 79. 21F SPECIAL OFFER. EXTR ~._, AORDINARY VALUE. 21/- ..„,11-IEFFIELD CUTLERY AND pLATE. • One Pair of white handle Carvers. ...; One Table Steel is) match, r?, Six Table Knives, -ii Six Dessert Kuhr, 5, ~9 Two Table poons, Nickel silver. Six Table Forks, Do. DD. ..o .., Six Dessert Sp, ens, Do. Do. ,S Six Dessert Forks, Do. Do. ▪ Six Tea Spoons, Do. Do. ;s Six Egg Spoons, Do. Do. f;.., Two Salt, Spoons. Do. Do. . One Mustard Spoon, Do. Do. , One Pair of Sugar Tongs, Do. Do. One Sugar Spoon, Do. Do. . One Handsome Bread Knife. . 52 Articirs of guaranteed qu•dity and flaish, neatly boxed, -ost free to any address.--GARLAND, Ironmonger, Bridge- et., Warrington. i Our extensive Show Booms are now open to the public for In,pfetion. SPECIAL DISCOUNT OF 10 PER CENT. for cash allowed upon Electro Plate Cutlery, Brass Suites, Coal Vases, iko. Floor Lamps from 255.. complete.

PICTITRE FRAMES, MOULDING &C. The Cheapest House in Warrington for Moulding PICTURE FRAMES, PICTIIRES, ricrunE GLASS, and !very requisite for FRAMES. 50,000 feet .4 Moulding always in Stock. WHOLESALEI OR RETAIL. J. W. JAMSON. 18. 'FRIAR'S GATE Awn MARKET HALL, WAIGLINEITON. 71 VICTORIA ROAD, WIDNES.

• uration. ijr NIV ERSITY SCHOO L, SOUTHPORT. A most succesEful Boarding School for Boys. T. ISHERWOOD, 8.A., Principal.

THE MISSES ER, 23, Wilson Patten-st., Warrington. SCHOOL WILL lIH-OPEN (D V..) Jan. 23rd, 1894, Fees Lc., on application.

HOLLY BANK, FRODSHAM BOARDING and DAY SCHOOL for Girls, Principals - The Misses LAYCOCK. Pupils prep3re4 for the Local Exams. The Next Term commences January 21st, LADIES' SCHOOL,MELCHET HOUSE, LYTHAM. —lnclusive terms, special for ch•rgv, references to arents. vacancy for articic.l pupil.—Principals, the Misses HALKET (Miss. S. Halket,L.L.A.)

CLAREMONT, , MOUNT EPHRAIM - ROAD, STREATHAM, LONDON, PREPARATORY SCHOOL for the Sons of Gentlemen, (Established 1881.) Tutor a B.A. London. Principal—Miss JULIA. GRIFFITHS. Prospectus on Application.

QT. GEORGE'S SCHOOL, (Catholic), Brampton, Li Huntingdon, (It hours from King's Cross). A thoroughly Professional or Commercial Education providtcl at a moderate pension.—Address The PRINCIPAL.

HOME SCHOOL for YOUNG LADIES. Every comfort, careful training, lirst-rate praf,-issors, accwm - plisliments, all examinations, good house, kedthy suburb, drilling, tennis Ac.—Misses LAMB. Grove Park. Lee, S. E.

TUE MARLING ENDOWED SCHOOL, STROUD Chairman of Governors Sir W. 11. Marling. Bart. ,chos,l Fees. £ —£3 a Tprm ; Boarding Fees, only £3O per annum. Boys admitted at any period at Pro; ortionate Fees. For particulars apply.—W. J. IiREENSTFEET, M.A., Head- master.

OLIVE HOUSE SCHOOL, PW LLHELL North Wales.—Souud and liberal education for young gentle- men. Preparation torahl examinations. colilfortable home. facing rea. French conversation daily. Term begins January 16th, terms very moderate, for Prospectus apply to incipals.

ADIES' COLLEGE. FORMBY-BY-THE-SEA, Petween Southport and Liverpool. conducted by Mrs, and tViiss CHRISTOPHER% Companion Boarder desire . for little girl of twelve. Good education comfortable home and careful training. Inclusive moderate terms. Prospectus on application.

At the foot of the Malvern Hills. 'THE GRAMMAR SCI-100h, HANLEY CASTLE, Chat man of Governors. Sir Edmund A. H. LECHMERE. Bart.. M.P. Head master, the Rev. It R. BROWNE, M.A. Most healthy si,uation. Excellent accom- modation Fees moderate and inclusive.

I.DDLE CLASS SCHOOL FOR GIRLS. i Lorne Villa, Froghall-lane, Warrington. Principal, Mrs. JOHNSTONE, Next term connnences on TUESDAY, JANUARY 9th, 1894, Prospectus on application. IDD LE CLASS SCIIOOL for BOYS, Lorne ii Villa. Froghall-lane, Warrington. Principal Mr. Hy. G. JOHNSTONE. Next Term commences on TUES- DAY. JANUARY 9th, 1894, Prospectus on application. Private pupils received for evening tuition and prepared for examination:

WARRINGTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL. THE NEXT TERM Will begin on TUESDAY, JANUARY 23RD. 1894. Preparatory Form for boys under 12 years of age. Fee £2 per term. For further particulars apply to the Head Master.

P ENK ETH SCHOOL. DAY SCHOLARS ADMI fTli D. PARENTS who de-ire a select high-class day school for their children, are invited to call and inspect the school for themselves. THE NEXT TERM will commence lAN. 18th, 1894. PROSPECTUS on Application. A. POLLARD, Head Master.

WELLINGTON COLLEGE, WELLINGTON, SHROPSHIRE. RE-OPENS ON THE 22ND JANUARY FOR BOARDERS. The most complete Private School Premises in the Mid- lands. Splendid sitnation. Eleven Masters, Eight of whom are Resident. Prospectus on application to the Principal, Mr. J. BAYLEY. KNUTSFORD.—IIEATII SIDE COLLEGIATE SCHOOL (Founded 1850).—BOYS BOARDING AND , DAY SCHOOL. Exceptionally healthy. Perfect drainage. Fine Premises. Thorough modern education Boys pre- pared for the professions, Civil Service, bank, office, or busi- ness. Specia individual attention to backward or delicate boys. Preparatory department under a Resident Governess. Inclusive fees. Prospectus at Gait's. 2, Corporation-st.. Man- chester, or the School. NEXT TERM BEGINS January 22.

MAN CH ES TE R GRAM MAR SCHOOL Fee £4 4s. per term. The next TERM begins TUESDAY, JANUARY 16TH, 1894. Entrance Examination MONDAY, JANUARY 15th, at 9 a.m. Prospectuses, Forms of application, &c., may be had at the School. OWEN W. COX. Clerk and Receiver. N.B.—Boarding House open under the sanction of the Governors.

WIDNES ACADEMY OF MUSIC. PRIVATE LESSONS. SELECT DAY AND EVENING CLASSES. PIANO. ORGAN, HARMONIUM, VIOLIN. VOICE PRODUCTION, HARMONY, COUNTERPOINT, COMPOSITION. THREE FREE SCHOLARSHIPS Tenable one year. Thirty-three certificates and prizes gained by students during the year 1891. Prospectus on Application to THE PRINCIPAL. •

A4ANDOLIN, GUITAR, ZITHER, and BANJO, —YI taught by PROFESSOR ENNIS and SENORA RANDA.—Address Victoria Chambers. Widnes.

"COMFORT TIE.A7—Is theresultof twenty.- sive ye n ars experiece in the Tea Trade. "COMFORT TEA"—Is the best Tea. in Eng- land at the price. "COMFORT TEe—ls Registered. "COMFORT TEA_"—Is sold at the following prices 1/-, 1/4, 1/8, 2/- PER LB. ...kOI3NTS WANTED EVER/WHERE. - 'SOLE PACKER AND BLENDER. H. E. HAWTHORNE, 29, WINWICK-ST., WARRINGTON.

D. FOX'S COUGH AND VOICE WAFERS THE GREAT REMEDY. FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, INFLUENZIA, HOARSENESS, LOSS OF VOICE AND ALL AFFECTIONS OF THE CHEST AND LUNGS. Being prepared from Fruits and Herbs only, may be taken with perfect safety by Old and Young. Sold everywhere in tins, Is. 10. eseh b 7 Chemists and Medicine Vendors. SoLEPsuii.• GEORGE kDE. E. 72, GOSWELL-ROAD, LON ON, A TIN SENT FREE 9N RECEIPT OF STAMPS.

RUSSELL'S WATCHES. __- SAME PRICES AS AT LIVERPOOL. DIRECT FROM MANUFACTURER TO WEARER. A saving of 30 percent. if you want Fine-class Work. IF lOU WISH FOR RUBBISH DON'T GO THERE. The same applies to DIAMONDS. And esprcially to RINGS and Fine JEWE'LLERY. RUSSELL'S GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES, their own pure Hnglish mtnufactnre, with all Russell's latestpatented improvements, range in price from £3 to £2.35. They are handsome, strong, and perfect time- keepers ; repres-nt the largest stock an %est value in England, there being no intermediate prolt between the manufacturer and the wearer. Sent free everywhere at Russell's risk an cost on receipt of draft or post order. ILLUSTRATED PAMPHLET SENT FREE ON AP- PLICATION. P.S.—Beware of imitations, and people who profess to sell at less than the makers. No watch is genuine unless marked— T. R. RUSSELL, "18" CHURCH-ST.. LIVERPOOL. WATCH AND JEWELLERY REPAIRS PROMPT and PERFECT. Estimates given and cost of carriage taken. RUSSELL'S T. R. RUSSELL, MAKER TO THE QUEEN, CATHEDRAL WORKS. 18. CHURCH-ST., LIVERPOOL; SANKEY-ST., WARRINGTON. AND . 12, MOULT-ST., (CROSS-ST.), MANCHESTER.

A PLEASA.NT AND PROFITAIII.IiI PASTIME I'OR WINTER EVENINGS. AN EASY COMPETITION. • 50 IN PRIZES For the best Copies of Examples in HOLLOWAY'S NATIONAL DRAWING BOOK. THI4I PROPRIETOR OF HOLLOWAY'S PILLS AND OINTMENT. Offers the al Awe sum as Prizes in a Simple and Interesting Compk tition. For full particulars see this week's "OHRISTIANGLOBI3," "SPARE MOMENTS," or "LONDON JOURNAL," obtain- able from any Newsagent or Railway Bookstall.

TANNERS' LANE COAL WHARF, WARRINGTON. THE PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON COMPANY, LIMITED, • INGE HALL COLLIERIES. NEAR WIGAN. LOCAL MANAGER, ALFRED PERRIS. All kinds of House Coal, Nuts, Burgy, and Engine Fnel kept in stock. Wagons sent to any Railway Station, House orders promptly ,tteuded to. N.B.—Orders received also at 191, Sankey-et.

FOR BARGAINS IN TOOLS, CUTLERY, HARD *ARE AND IRONMONGERY, GO TO MRS. NEEbHAMS, 31, and 33, QUEEN-STREET, EARLESTOWN. NO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED.

&bipping potitts.

WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STRAMBRS. IVERPOOL to NEW YORK. via Queenstown, every Wed. *MAJESTIC... Wed.. Jan. 10 i GRIIMANIC—Wed., Jar. IT Second Cabin • will be carrteo oil the voyage mark- ed thus*. Steerage passage to New York, Boston, and Vhiladelphia, at low rates. The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class, uniform la model and arrangements, and unsurpassed in the completeness of their appointments. Saloon and State Room amidships. Apply JOSEPH Simi; , 61, Legh-st., War- rington, or to 183t.5.-Y, Imittn, and Co.. 34, Leadechall-st— London. 8.C., and 10. W-' '''verpool

. . EMIGRATION TO ALL PARTS OF THI WORLD: JOHN WALKER AND CO., " EXAMINI.R " 'OFFICE. WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOR CUNARD LINE for NEW YJRK every SATUR- DAY, and ,or BOSTON every THURSDAY,

w HITE STAR li,7lMillsoLigEW YOIZX every

A IiERICAN LIN&—SOUTIIANtirrON to NZW LI YORK, direct every SA.TURDAY, and LIVERPOOL to PHILADRLPIIIA, every WEDNESDAY.

GUION LINE to NEW YORK, every SATURDAY,

ADEL AID E. MELBOURNE and SYDNEY STRAMERS from LIVERPOOL.

IVEW ZEALAND, TASMANIA, and AUSTRALIAN 11 LINES landing passengers en route at Teneriffe, Cape Town, an at Hobart, ao.

T E 111 TII . TEETH. TEETH. TEETH. PARKINSON'S TEETH, are, at the price UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD. The public TEETH. may rest assureAl that these statements are based 071 ABSOLUTE TRUTH, and perhaps TEETA. the best guarantee of this to intending patient. Is that J. H. PARKINSON has one of the TB:47,TH. Larkest Dental Practices in England, the out Co of exiplr)ying the BEST LABOUR, using the BEST MATERIALS obtainable, and charg- TEETIT. a lag the LOWEST PC .3SIBLE PRICE. I -2- Any set made, or work done by him, and pEETH. not giving ABSOLUTE SATISFACTION in Every Detail will be immediately corrected, )r 1 IrEETri. an ENTIRE Niir SET made FREE OF CHARGE. These d re 1 ~ conditionssne,orm jeuidnastn ion, exemplifiedrenthepublic's y 2 satbifa se rEETL-T. til sets having been inserted for patients dueng TEETH. one year only, directly and indirectly througl . the voluntary persuasion and recommendatiln TEETH. of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. Any or all) these patients' names and addresses. fore) e- TEETH. rence, will he given to any would-be patient personally applying for them. These, with -A- ,„ thousands in the past' each recommending TEE.L.H. their friends, speak volumes for Mr. Parkin 11011's SIMMS. TEETH. His unusually Large Dental Establishment adapted for the COMFORT of Patients, MUSI TEETII. NOT DETER ANY. ALL are WELCOME FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily from 9 to TEETH. and 2to 6. ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS EXTRACTION Ice., as hitherto, by the aid ef his own mad TEETH. LIQUID NJIROUS OXIDE, of which he now liquefies for sale to dentists newrly 10,000 gal TEETH. Jona weekly. Patients, have, teeref ore, in thi speciality also the benefit of his experience. TEETH. CLOSED ALL DAY ON FRIDAYS. j. H. PARKINSON, TEETH. Dentist by Examination, 46, MOSLEY-STREET, MANCHESTER, WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, at Miss Charles's Ladies' Outlater. Sankey-street, lrom 2. n) b p...i. RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs. Hughes, (late Ml Parson's), Confectioner, Bridge-street, from 2 to 6. tiORTHWICH, on FRIDAYS, at IS, Applemarket-street, from re 11 to 12 a.m., and 1 to 5 p.m. AI

THE MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT 8 & 10, HORSEMARKET-ST., WARRINGTON. EXTENSIVE ALTERATION .AND IMPROVEMENT OF PRISMISE. if TA THE are nOW displaying in ,their NEW AND MAGNIFICENT RANGES, a greater variety than ever of THE LATEST PRODUCTION in MEN'S YOUTISS' aged BOYS' OVERCOATS. A. FEW LEADING LINES ARE MEN'S Double-Breasted MUNSTEES or GREATCOATS ' (Lined Wool). MEN'S Double-Breasted MUNSTERS or GREATCOATS (for Travelling) MEN'S Double-Breasted MUNSTERS .or GREATCOATS (with or without '— I/TO 50/— belts) / in Heavy Wool FRIEZES, Cheviots, 2 1- TO 50, and Serges As., Ac. MEN'S Chesterfield OVERCOATS. with Velvet Collars, (Long Lengths) MEN'S Chesterfield OVERCOATS, 1816 with Velvet Collars (Short Lengths) FROM FROM 18/6 In the Special Diagonal Serges. In Choice Hopsec Serges. In the New Kyrie Serges. MARVELLOUS VALUE. MEN'S Chesterfield OVERCOATS, in Fine Blue Beavers with Silk Velvet Collars MEN'S MEN'S Chesterfield OVERCOATS in all Wool Indigo-Dyed Beavers. All Wool Milled Meltons ac.. with Silk2o/6 TO 38/ Velvet Collars MEN'S CAPE, Chesterfields (Extra IS it! I`_" e../ long Capes) C./ TO MEN'S INVERNESS CAPES. (line '22/6 TO 60/ through MEN'S SCOTCH CLOAKS, (with or 2/6 TO 60/ without sleeves) In Heavy Stylish Tweeds—Value Unequalled. THE M.C.D. are showing a large and Choice Variety of Youths' and Boy's OVERCOATS FROM 15/ TO 35/ YOUTH'S Double-Breasted MUNSTERS (Lined Wool) YOUTH'S Double-Breneted MUNSTERS (The Fashionable Coats.) YOUTH'S Double-Breasted MUNSTHES, (with or without belt;.) In Choice SELECTIONS of FRIEZES, CHEVIOTS, TWEEDS. Etc., YOUTH'S Chesterfield OVERCOATS. with Velvet Collars. In Special Twill and Diagonal Serves in the New Kyrie and Ilopsac Serges. In Fine Blue Beavers and all Wool Meltons FROM 10/6 THE M.C.D. YOUTH'S CAPE. Ohesterlekis (Extra long). YOUTH'S INVERNESS CAPES, (line through). YOUTH'S SCOTCH CLOAKS, (with long CaPes)i 11/9 40/ FROM TO BOY'S CAPE. Chesterfields, (Extra long). BOYS' INVERNESS CAPES, (lined through). BOYS' SCOTCH CLOAKS. (with long capes), in a Splendtd assortment of Fashionable via Tweeds. Ac. FROM LP/ kJ 25/ THE 11.C.1D. have a choice range of JUVENILE OVERCOATS, hands only trimmed with Astrachan or Kyrie very fashionable FROM 11. THE MA.%D. Stock of BOYS' Double- Breasted REEFER OVERCOATS contains new features for juvenile wear. BOYS' D.B REEFERS, in Blue Naps with gilt buttons FROM 4/6 BOYS' D.B. REEFERS in Heavy Tweeds, (braided sailor collars) FROM 5/9 BUYS' D.B. REEFERS in Special Serges and Kyrles FROM 6/ SEE THE M.C.D. WINDOWS. 8 & 10, 11ORSEHARKET-ST WARRINGTON.

1893-CHRISTMAS-1893 UNSW ORTII BROS. AIONSTER SHOW OF CHRISTMAS PRESENT S. PRESENTS WITH OVERCOATS. PRESENTS WITH SUITS. PRESENTS WITH TROUSERS. PRESENTS WITH SILK HANDKERCHIEFS & MUFFLERS SPLENDID LOT. PRESENTS WITH GLOVES, TIES, AND BRACES. PRESENTS WITH UMBRELLAS—VENT CHOICE SELECTION SILVER-MOUNTED AND NATURAL STICKS. PRESENTS WITH WATERPROOF COATS. IMMENSE STOCK OP PRESENTS, JEWEL- LERY, BREASTPINS, STUDS, SOLITAIRES, FANCY BOXES, PHOTO FRAMES SCENTS, An., &c. TJNSWORTII 13E05., TAILORS AND OUTFITTERS. 24, 26, 47, & 49, HIGH-STREIT, RUNCORN.

Q ALLSOPP & SON'S MILD AND Brrna ALBS k-Jo And D'ARCY & SON'S CELEBRATED DUBLIN STOUT In 9, 18, and 38 Gallon Casks, or Bottum. Aokrr PETER LEIGH, HORSEMARKET STRHI3T. WARRINGTON.

SPECIAL DISCOUNT SALE! ! DURING THE MONTH OF JANUARY. FROM MONDAY, Brm, TO WEDNESDAY, 31ST. OUR ORDINARY QUOTATIONS WILL BE SUBJECT TO A SPECIAL DISCOUNT OF 1.5 PER CENT., 3s. IN THE ,t FOR PROMPT CASH ONLY, BOYDELL BROS. _MGR CLASS TAILORS. 37, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

HAIL'S MY lIATIEII. _ NEW SHAPES, NEW STYLES, AT LOWEST PRICES FOR THE AUTUMN. HATS AND ' CAPS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION Can be obtained at HALL'S NOTED HAT SHOP. 1. MARKET GATE. WARRINGTON.

SHIP CANAL. MAWSON AND CO. Will have (DV.) GRAND AQUATIC TRIP FROM WARRINGTON TO LIVERPOOL AND NEW BRIGHTON AND BACK, On SATURDAY after WALKING DAY. Ity First Class Steamers. Farther particulars will be given in February next, MAWSON AND CO., 35, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

NZW YEAR PRESENTS LAMP AND SON, R. C MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES, PURSES, DRESSING CASES, AND BAGS, CIGAR AND CIGARETTE CASES. BRUSH CASES COMPLETE AND MANY USEFUL ARTICLES SUITABLE POR NEW YEAR PRESENTS. 39, AND 41, DALE-STREET .1.1113 8, PARKER-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

HALF YEARLY CLEARANCE SALE. GEOKGE HENRY LEE & CO. BASNETT STREET, LIVERPOOL, BEG TO ANNOUNCE THEIR HALF YEARLY CLEARANCE SALE OF SILKS, DRESS MATERIALS, LACES, GENERAL DRAPERY, COSTUMES. MANTLES, MILLINERY. CARPETS, FURNISHING kc. FOR MONDAY NEXT, THE BTII INST., AND FOLLOWING DAYS. THE REDUCTIONS made on all SURPLUS SEA- SON and FANCY COODS will be found VERY IMPORTANT, varying according to the nature of the Goode from 15 TO 50 PER CENT. IN SPECIAL CASES THE REDUCTIONS WILL BE EVEN GREATER, GEORGE HENRY LEE t.N., CO., BASNETT STREET, LIVERPOOL.

GREEN'S PATENT SAUSAGE CHOPPING & MINCING MACHINES and FILLERS (Silent and other Patterns). -- Suitable for BUTCHERS, MEAT EXPORTERS, CONFECTIONERS, HOTELS, BOARDING-HOUSES, PRIVATE FAMILIES, Ac. These Celebrated Machines are used very extonei rely through- out England, Scotland. Ireland, and the Colonies. Illustrated Price Lists on application. THOMAS GREEN & SON (LIMITED), SMITHFIELD IRONWORKS. LEEDS and SURREY WORKS, BLACKFRIA.RS ROAD, LONDON, S.E., or from any Shipping or Export House, Merchant, or Ironmonger in the United Kinkaorn. WORTHINGTON'S BURTON ALES AND STOUTS. FINDLATER'S DUBLIN INVALID AND OTHER STOUTS, GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT I,zr CASH OR BOTTLE. FINDLATER'S STOUTS may now be bad in 41 gallon casks. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS in bottles only. J. Me BEACON. BREWER'S AGENT AND BOTTLER, 14, ST. JAMES-ST., WARRINGTON.

GRATEFUL EPPS' s OOMPORTING. BREAKFAST, SUPPER. Co co A IBOILING WATER OR MILK

MRS. S. A. ALLEN'S WORLD'S ;HAIR REST,OREIZ. Quickly -changes -gray or faded heir to its natural colour. A perfect hair dress- ing, delicately perfumed. It is not a dye

No. of For this Competition the United Kingdom District. will be divided into 8 Districts as under:

5 CUMBERLAND, WESTMORELAND, ' LANCASHIRE, and ISLE OF MAN.

6 WALES, CHESHIRE, STAPP3RD- SHIRE, SHROPSHIRE, WORCES- TERSHIRE, MONMOUTHSHIRE, and HEREFORDSHIRE.

, 7 NOTTINGHAMSHIRE, DERBY- SHIRE, LINCOLNSHIRE, LEI- CESTERSHIRE, WARWICK- SHIRE, RUTLANDSHIRE, NOR- FOLK, SUFFOLK, CAMBRIDGE- SHIRE, HUNTINGDONSHIRE, NORTHAMPTONSHIRE, BED- FORDSHIRE, and OXFORDSHIRE.

• • THE TALLEST SOLDIER. The regiment of Belgian Grenadiers can boast (the ." 'Belgian News'" says) of p.ssessing en its muster roll thestallest soldier.in Belgium. His name is Charles Louis Becaus. Bela. twenty-one years of age, was a farm labourer before ,joining the army,. and is a native of faundelgem. a village in West Flanders. Ili exaet'i heighti,s one metre ninety-seven centimetres (six feet six!, and a half inches). He comes of a family of giar ts and giantesses, but his mother is only of ordinary stature. His father is two metres high (six feet eight inches). Of ) his eleven brothers .s,nd sisters, the shortest mel.- cures one metre ninety-two centimetres. No boot to tit him could be found in the regimental clothing depo!. He is allowed double rations on the recommendation of his colonel.

. ,= . SUNLIGHT SOAP COMPETITIONS . Prizes of Bicycles, Watches, and Books, value . . . 404--'IIQO The First of these Monthly Competitions will be held on January 31st, 1894, )11104,. £41,904 2 3 2 , 00 0 to be ;followed by others each month during 1894.

..-4, ielfr'"'l. • 1. ' '''. ••/r 141: ''

Competitors to save as many "SUNLIGHT*, soap Wrappers as they can collect. Cut off the top portion of each wrapper—that portion containing the heading "SUNLIGHT SOAP." These (called the "Coupons") are to be sent enclosed with a sheet of paper on which the Competitor Linz, vv:itten his or her full name and address, and the number of coupons sent in, postage paid, to Messrs. Lever Brothers, Limited, Port Snn- ligkt, near BirLaihead, marked on the Postal Wrapper (top left-hand corner), with the NUMBER of the DISTRICT Competitor lives in.

The Prizes will be awarded every month during 1894, in each al the 8 Districts, as utuier:—

Value of Prizes given each month in each district.

Every month, int each of the 8 districts, the Competitors who send the largest number of Coupons from the District in which thee/ reside, will each receive, at winner's option, a Lady's or Gent's "Premier" Safety Cycle, with Dunlop Pneumatic Tyres,' value £2O The next zo Competitors will each receive, at winner's option, a Lady's or Gent's ",Waltham" Stem-Winding Silver Lever Watch, value 14 45. The next 200 Competitors will each receive a Book, published at ss. The next 300 Competitors will each receive a Book, published at 3s. 6d The next 400 Competitors will each receive a Book, published at 2s. 6d The next soo Competitors will each receive a Book, published at 25. The next i,OOO Competitors will each receive a Book, published at is. .-.

RULES.' I. The Competitions will close the last day of each month. Coupons received too late for one month's competition will be put into the next. • 11. Competitors who obtain wrappers from unsold soap in dealer's stock will be dis- qualified. Employees of Messrs. Lever Brothers, Limited, and their 'tunnies, aredebarred from competing. 111. A printed Hat of Winners of Bicycles and Watches, and of Winning Numbers of Coupons for Books in Competitor's District will be forwarded, 21 days after each competi- tion closes, to those competitors who send Half-penny Stamp for Postage, but in all cases . where this is done, "Stamp enclosed" should be written on the form. IV. Messrs. Lever Brothers, Limited, will award the prizes fairly to the best of their ability and Judgment, but It is understood that all who compete agree to accept the award of Messrs. Lever Brothers, Limited, as final. The Bicycles are the celebrated Helical (Spiral) Tube Premier Cycles (Highest award, World's Fair, Chicago, 0393), manufactured by the Premier Cycle Company, Limited. of Coventry and IA Holborn Viaduct, London, fitted with Dunlop 189.1 Pneumatic Tyres: Sals. bury's " Invincible "Lamp; Lamplugh's 4(15 Saddle; Harrison's Gong; Tool Valise, Pump, ac,

VOREIGN POSTAGE STAMPS. Old collection wanted, or old stamped envelopes.—J. LASCELLES, Machynlleth, Montgomeryshire.

WANTED, all persoris to know that Joil:Ps PRITCUARD, jeweller, 51, High-st., Runcorn, will send post free silver gents' Albert (any pattern) for Sc, per oz.

PDYSTRIAL ASSURANCE AGENTS WANTED in all Darts of Lancashire and Cheshir. Interest in book and speedy promotion to suitable men. Apply INSPECTOR. Examiner Office, Warrington.

SOLE PROTECTED AGENCIES given for the Falcon Pure Yeast. Best on market. Once used alw ys in demand. —Write for report and terms, FALCON YEAST COMPANY, Cradley, Cradley Heath.

('IIIBMIST wants SITUATION in chemical works. Con- k) siderable experience in manufacturing sulphuric.muria- tic and nitric acids bleaching powder, limo. ti:c. Practical knowledge of German. Russian, and electricity ; British sub- ject.—Apply by letter to R. W. HILL, -ES, Ducie-grove, Ox- ford-st., Manchester.

rrOBACCONISTS commencing. Illd. Guide (post free.) JL How to cornmence.—TonACCONlSTS' OUTFITTING Co., 186. Euston-road, London. Manager. HY. MYER.% Est. 1866.

T EFT OFF CLOTHES bought, best price for parcels f or- Li warded, if not approved, goods return ed. --JA 31E8 Goa- MAN, New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 326,328, and 346, Deansgate, Manchester.

QECOND-HAND DRESS SUITS, Military, Theatrical,Band ki Uniforms for sale or hire.—JAME 3 GonmAN, New and Secend-hand Clothes Dealer, 325, 328, and 346, Deansgate, Manchester. Also Gentlemen's misfit Suits perfectly new at a third cost price.

- - - A LADY HAVING CASH at her dispos Al, is open to make AA- Temporary Cash Advances of and upwards. in con- fidence, to respectable householders, who wish to avoid the usual unpleasantness and routine of a loan office; no sureties are asked for, and habitual borrowers need not apply.— Apply personally, or by letter. Mrs. MOREWOOD, 94, Widnes- rJad, Widnes.

NO FEES UNLESS CASH IS ADVANCED. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO upwards on BORROWERS' OWN PROMISSORY NOTE WITHOUT SURETIES. Upwards of £70,000 now being lent annually. For prospectus and terms, apply to GEORGE PAYNE, Accountant, 20, Kennedy-st., Manchester. ESTABLISHED 1870.

APPLY AND BE CONVINCED. 1 MR PRICE, 27 Cheetbarn Hill Road, Manchester, is prepared to ADVANCE LOANS from £5 and up- wards to respectable Householders. Tradesmen, Farmers and others, without Bondsmen or Sureties, at the following scale uf interest : £5 LOAN TO BE REPAID £lO Pt Pt . £• 5 ~ „ £2O ~ „ -230 tt LARGE SUMS in same pronortion. ALL ADVANCES are PAID IN FULL, Distance no object. Money advanced at Borrower's Own House. thus saving them the trouoe and expense of a journey. Farmers can have Cash on Terms thqt no other office can possibly offer. Letters immediately attended to.

WIDNES AND WARIIINGTO2,I. •Nirli. JOHN E. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES jyl FRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working-men, and all respectable Hc uzeholders, on their own security. MONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. - MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without 13onclsrnett, without delay, without public eriqui.!-y. on your simple written prr..-;ciae to pay back.—Apply P t VIC- TOILIA CHAMBERS (toot of the Central Station), WIDNES, and in WARRINGTCN at my Resi;!ence, 134, Orford-lase, any Evening from ft 7. Applications frtin3 RUNCORN tine District generally receive precisely the cam.e attention.

MONEY, MONEY, MONEY. LOANS 1,5 TO 1e,,500. May be had on day of applic.fition. If it is inconvenient to call. all letters will have cur prompt attention. If you want to Start in Business. If you want to Furnish your House. If you want to Pay your Debts. If you want to Increase your Stock. If you want to Pay your Bent. Repayments to suit Borrowers. Strictest, privacy guaranteed. No Bills of Sale. No Sureties. No Fines. No Loan Office routine.--Apply to R. N. yv IAT EBBE It, 8, DURNING ROAD, off Wavertree Road, EDGEHILL, LIVERPOOL. Near LONDON & NORTII-WBSTIMN RAILWAY STATION.

ittittss, 3110r5t5, earts, Dog, Z?cr

SORE SHOULDER3' CURED BY CONDY'S FLUID. Veterinary beck free. Horses sufferin% t'ona sore shoulders. sore backs, cracked heels, crease, or broken knees' cured in a few hours by bathing the parts affected with diluted Condy's Fluid. Prices, 8 oz.. is. ;20or . 2s.—Veterivary book free from CONAIni FLUID IV omis, 61, Turumilt-street, London.

f_TOOPER AND SI MMONS COACH BUILDHRS, 6, SLATER-STREW, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGHS at Moderate Prices. Good Stock to select from. Estimates for Repairs given free. The host ',fork only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams. Landaus. Vietorias, Wagonettes, and Phs-tons. now for Salo or Hire.

T UnitY, 14} cwt.. station Brougham. tlirft Pnotness Shan- dries, Pony Gig and Phgeton. cheap.—Srsax, Friar's Green, Warrington.

HORSE 3 1 HORSES!! HORSES!!! All colours, sizes, And prlcls.—To Tradesmen and others,—To save money sad time and avoid the well-known risks of Mrs and suc- tions and getting a worthless and useless horse for your bugi- ness, your eAunot possiby do better th izo to W. 'PARKER W00D,6 TO 16, AINSWORTH-STREET COPPERAS-HILL, LIVERPOOL, where von can hive one on him o or trial, with a view to purchase, Hirers for long or short periods liberally dealt with. Fresh arrivals .ieekly of young and useful horses cubs, and ponies. suitable for all purposes. Horses bought or exchanged,—Note the address.

ens, poultry, &t.

PIIP,A.SANTS ON SALE.—Seven dozen Young full grown Cock Pheasant 4, full winged.-41r. PAoK, Cocker• lane. Leyland.

TIEW Black Minor a COCKERELS (Trnonths) Webster's _l2 noted strain ss. Houdans (older) 53.—Mrs. SimeEL, Ellastone, Ashbourne, Derbyshire.

- Eirprles, 164155trirttt5, &r. THE OLD-ESTABLIi II ED BASSINETTE WAREHOUSE. Beware of spurious imitatioas. The. hest and cheapest Carriages in the town or district. (No ceinnection with any other firm of the same name.) wASHTON, 74, Sankey-st,, Warrington, manu- • facturer of Bath Chairs, Bassinettes. Rustic Carri- ages, Scc., of the best materials and workmanship, on the gremises. under personal supervision. Well-finished Bassinettes from 255., warranted to run straight. Mail Carts. Tricycle Horses. Doll Carriages. l‘c. Agent for Sewing Machines, Wringing and Washing Machines. 01:KS :—BEAMOisT-STREET.

GEORGB JACKSON. PAWNBROKEr., JEWELLER. AND SILVERSMITH, 59, AD 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY. Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS, GUNS, and MUSICAL IN- STRUMENTS of every Description. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST- FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

'VERY handsome first-class quality, V TAPESTRY CARPET, perfectly Payment taken. new, size 31- by 3,1 well made and 29s (5,. taped, worth fifty shillings. Only .

FINE PUB of BRONZE " Gallic " WAR RIO It S, on Ebonised Payments taken. Plinths, /6 inches high, splendidly modelled cost two guineas. Only 20s. 6D.

HIGHLY-FINISHED ENGLISH SILVER LEVER WATCH by Payments taken. " Kay Jones and C 0.," Worcester, fully jewelled, expansion balance, fiat crystal glass. cost twelve pounds ten. Warranted for five 295. 61). Sacrifice for

GENUINE BAPGAIN, capital solid SILVER WATCH, in iirst-c!ass Payments taken. going order.. also solid SILVER ALBERT, Government stamped, which alone cost twelve and £iX. The pair Only 12s. 6D.

EXCENDINGLY handsome new stye, solid WALNUT OVER- Payments taken. MANTLE, 48 by 44. Canopy or Cornice top. Ten very fir.e bevelled plate mirrors, splendidly carved panels. Turned pillars and brackets Q 9 1 r-7 a grand and marvellous bargain ;04.1....i1. . IJD.

11DRETTY JAPANESIi CANE 1 UMBRELLA STAND, perfectly SS. 11D. new Only Payments taken.

VASIIIONABLE JAPANESE Tri- _l_ pod FLOWERSTAND, six 'feet Payments talcen. high, with Flower pot suspended by 6s. I'l D. Brass Chains Only

EAR SHIP CANAL. good Hex b, Tobacco, and herb beer 11 stores, doing ~,cod business, cheap.-119, Tatton-street, Salford.

FREEHOLD BUI LDING LAM) at Stor:kton Ileath to be 80Id.—Apply JOHN PEmitEivroN, Stafford-rd., Wilder- spool.

QIIIFPITII'S ETHVNGTII PILLS cure Nerv,u2iiess, Dcbii- ity. never fail, 2s. 6d. a box. GRIIiFITTI, Chemist, Leamington.

lIIPORT NT INVENTION for the married, liarmle.s and certain 4 stamps for sample. -O. ANDREW, b 4, Perth- road. Loudon, N.

arii ()N CottonS ALI i, ImAit Ull)e"r4Vii°lll;lrle.S' cipTilye st,oa njd Glla(s)s\ (I,Ne kos Fenwick-Street. Liverpool. NTA VLIFACTURERS' Remnants in afircis,c,t:i_ne,s velvets, I.ll_ flAncels, 10,b blind:es cheap, price list tree.—W. Ci.—trat.st)N, wercivint. 41, S+,vaine-st., Bradford.

)AGS and SACKS, 30,(60 in stock, suitabl, for bran, t) potatos, coal, or patent manures, very Wow] EINGTON, 42 and 41, ArAr-s, Viacity;t-strtet, Manelo,ster.

FFAK PROOF FISH AND CiIIP POTATO COOKING RANGaS. Birch's latee patent chip tnachines and knives to fit any kind of ma.hines.—BuccH, Mill,r-street Manchester.

'TTONDEJtF(3L HAIR RESTORER for grey and red I:air, VY acts in a week ; price 2s. 61. (free by post., secretly parked 35.) FRED. LEWIS, and Co., LTD.. 6, Fleet-street. Dublin. Name this paper.

U.NCORN.—TO BN SOLD. the premise 3 in Bridge-st., J. recemtly occupied by the William Deac”n and AI anehes- ter and Saltord Bank. Limited.—For further particulart; AFply at the BANK, Victoria. Buildings, Runcorn.

JOHN LOWE, Fire and Thiet-proot SAFE MAKER. has OE SALE Milner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others ; new and second-land; very cheap ; Ibo to choose from. —3B. Albert-street. K;ng-street West, Manchester.

QMA LLP OX The PRBVENTION and CURE.— A GENII- REMIWY, which never fails, can be had by sending ore shilling Postnl Order and lull acidress to C. BALL. Brighton Place, Monument-road, Birmingham.

r. OSARY EINOS for idles or gentlemen ; solid 'sliver, I t with crucifix on top and reads round ; hundreds sold, price 28.3 d .each. Send size of finger to 3 ouNsoNonnnuiacturi ng jeweller, Upper Yershore-rd.. Birmingham, Mention paper. - EDISON PHON()GRAPH. COMPLETE CurmsronSALx. Records and Blanks (Wax Cylinders), and supplies at reasonable prices. Machines with splendid records, ',tit out to bazaars. At Homes, LOMAX, Cs.unce-st., Black- pool.

DILLIARDS ! BAGATELLB !—The cheapest house. for B'lliard and Bagatelk Tables and Bewsites is Ii?..NNING BROS., LTD.. 29, ilighlst., London, W.C. Send for new Price List, cloth and cushion samp!es, post free. Edtablieled 162.

STEREOSCOPIC VIEWS in etock (includ- -10,000 ing Ship Canal) from 2s. dozen Magic 'anteing and glides, new and scolnd lond. Wonderitilly cheap.--PROTOGEtAPIIICDEP3T, 71, Oxford-st. (All Saints'). Manchester.

ATCHES.—SiIver Watch, strong eases. 6 jewels. flat VT crystal glass, i plate movement, wart anted for 5 years. only 255.. lady'. size 235. 6d„ sent post tr,•e by JOSEPH PRITCHARD, watchmaker. 5), High-street. Runcorn. lietab- lished over half a century. • UC'ZIAtA.—" Dr. Wilson's icr.ema Cure" immediately 1._14 relieves irritation and pain aid speedily cures the most obstinate Skin Diselses. when other Me'ir)g signally fail. Jars Is. 11d. ; treble size. 2s. 9.1. At most chemist s, or post tree, direct from 20, Pordham-.t ,Liverpool.

THICRSHING PLANT, by ClayMti and glnyttleworth. 4ft. I Fin. drum, double bat, Self Binder, by Halyard, equal to new : and a TRACTION UNGINH, 10 liorae power, maeter of a 20-ton boiler, by Avelirrg and Porter—Apply to ItunEET Ron.E. Hole Home lon, iisndley near Wigan. .

- FOITN 1:)14 - Thousands balm teen'kille with Sanford's Poison. It undrodi o firrmers that have need eny it k I est pol-iou known as Cloy find a tot of nets dead by tieing It. Vost tree le. 2d., , 3bOS. of SANF,inn and SoN, Sandy. Beds. Send stamp and try IL Sold by cherole s

__ - - --- -I K OOK : LOO ! I LOOK- 1- : r GAntr.t Barpon on ; te but, 1 I ii,..rtn.-10.000 Waterproof tioods ar>l Capes, purchased from the Government ; cost 7s. Gd. rach, 1 volll seinl a Hood ::;rdvi(e.Lelafotrcg2l42 Sli. Os.ss tram.l7lirst.tr: quil oevr, put 00! of s, Government Contractor, }lye. Sussex.

fIOALS delivered in truck loads, at Iwt market prices, V/ usual terms. Special quotations for Wr.orl foods. liery Stores, Building Materials, and 14-arming or Est,te Itequisites.—Acidress by' letter 0n1.'74 —l)AviDsors, Uoal, Timber and General Merchant, Mancher Cola Exchange ; Telegrams ; Coal, Stcckton.

ISBNSIi. and all Diseases lll3lAofittrrhielq 14 C1.1eIZI)tlIE Et S tcAlir One bottl4 pr.. re', it,. Weak Heart and Pnlpitation Sufferers try three bottles will effect, a thorn,sgh cure. Of eli chemists, or cirri4ge free, Zs. 9d. etoeh, a U. WOODCOCK, 190, High-street, Lincoln, or at ----- LEWIS'S, Market-street, Manchester.

,---thßeucyheAdtit', prettiest. from the DlA:geNrant WhaAlfLthLe PrOetCHiripTriSce. and most useful article ever offered for malting home attrac- tive. Size 14-5 3 pairs 2a., makes a hmdaome birthday or wedding present ; six mars 35. 9d., each pair different ; securely pecked and carriage plaid.— C. PARKKR, Stoke- un.ser-Ham, Somerset.

QIIOPS, .tc.. FOR SA.LIC. in Cross-lano; RadeAtown. Four L J Shops and Dwelling houses combined with good cellsr, ; also good stabling, with loft, coach-house, and yard walled round. Goodthoroughfare. To be sold ia lots to suit pur- chasers. to pay 'a to 8 per cent. interest. Pert of the pur- chase money may remain on mortgage if required. at reasonable interest.—Apply to THOS. WlT.l.nms, Cross-lane, Earlestewn:

--- lIEIGHT kNCHBASED.—Three inehes withont fear of detection by PINET'S Elevators. (Patented). Can be worn in any Boot or Shoe. Awarded Gold Medal, Paris. Cantlon—only obtsinable, MATSON Preciar, 56, Berner's-st.. Oxford-bt., Lot don, W. Pamphlet and l'estimonials one stamp. Note 50 000 people Increased th..ir height last year by Pinet's Inevators, —NV hen writing. mention this paper.

NOTTINGHANt LACE CAPES. SPLEINDID SILK LACK CAPES 2s. 6n. AND 33. 6n. EACH. Carriage paid ; superior quality ss. 11d , worth 153. fit and quality guaranteAl. Beautiful white -.kilts, full size- trimmed deep lace, 2s. 61,; trimmed with cuuhroidery, 48.6 d., good valid. Carriage paid.. Was. COTTON, Lace and Lace Curtain Manufacturer, Weekday Cross, Nottini;liam.— Established 50 years.

it WARDED FIRST PRIZE MEDAL. Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition, 1837, and Sydney Centenary Exhibition. 1883. —TO PICTURE FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS. Chin-pest House in Loudon for English and Foreign Picture Frame and Room Moublings —all the newest otesigns. Two million teet always in Stu,-tk. V•Sneered and famly wood mouMings, etc. pictur, every descripti(in; olcographs,ac. Further reduction in prices. Wholesale Carver and Gilder. Every requisite for the trade and exportation. Special attention to country and shipping orders. Full particularo SA pattern book snd catalogue (S 5 pages 610 demi revirsed for 1891) for 3d, Etamps.-11. Moxrpt„ 17 sncl 18, Great St. Andrew-et., liinon3s.inry. London. Telegraphic actdrpss " Rabbitry," London. Storli lists and prices of glass monthly. free.

rllO SKIPMNKBII.3 AND OTHERS.—ON SALE, 300 I. Tons WILLOWS, I{AZIIL3. &c.—O. M. JONAS, 11. Victoria BridgP, Manchester. tvriFifieSirrtutoi utmovEns, GARDErauts. Ab OTHBItS.—MATS, lATS. from 3s. 61. per dozen. G. M. JoNliB,ll. Victoria Bridge, 'Manchester. WOOD HURDLES.—G. M. JONIPs, Victoria Bridge, opposite the Old Church, late 40. licansgate. V EAST,TBAST. YBA.ST.—Whol,sale De‘pot ; all Brands; _ establishe,i 1843.—G. M. JO.NE!;, 11, Victoria Bridge, Manchester.

.. iao lbp 2liztami. 1 1 • Telephone: R No. 55. OBERT LOWE, \ ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. OFFICES—Market Gate Chambers, . :t 1 ducTioN Rooms—No.l Dank Street 1. Warrin ~rron. . AGE-NT TO—Sun Fire and Life Office, London, E.3tablished 1710. - Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass, Fidelity Guar- antee and Employers' Liability) Insurance Association. Established 1856. Imperial Live Stock Insurance Association Limited. Es- tablished 1378. , National Boiler Insurance Company, Limited, Established 1864.

WARRINGTON MARKET. ITR. W. lIICKNIAN WILL COMMENCE MIS II WEEKLY SALES on MONDAY NEXT, for the vear 1894, with several larze 3onsignments of superior Household Furniture, capital Oak Lien Chest, Rosewood Cottage Piano- forte. Stock in trade large Tarpaulin° cart cover, IL.;. Sale to commence at 1.30. New Auction Offices and store rooms, Lyme-t.., onosite Fish Market. Furidture and Stocks bought for cash.

FREEHOLD PROPERTY AT WARRINGTON TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION BY y.. 1 R. THOMAS SUTTON at the BLUE BELL INN, Horsernarket-st., Warrington, on TUESDAY, the 16th J.outrAnY , 1894, at 5 for 6 o'clock p.rA. precisely, subject to conditions of Sale. Loa. I.—A Freehold DWELLING-HOUSE No. 18 Mill-st., in Warrington. now occupied by Mr. John Owen. LOT 2.—1w0 Freehold DWELLINGHOUSES Nos. 45 and 47 King-st., (formerly Flog Lane), in Warrington, now in the occupation of Messrs. Henry Hasledine and George Booth, ' Thoee properties are most conveniently situated,7 are never untenanted and offer an o:•portnuitv to small inveAors now -but rarely met with in the centre of Warrington. For further particulars apply to the AUCTIONEER or to Messrs. ROBERT DAVIES, KIRKCONNEL, DAVIES and BURGE!,S . Solicitors, Warrington,

INFLUENZA. INFLULNZA. INFLUENZA. AGRIPPIN A GRAND MEDICINE FREE FROM POISON. CURES INFLUENZA IN 24 HOURS. Alsn for Measles, any Rash, Children Teething or not we'.l after Vaccination. Headache. Toothache, Hoarse- ness, Coughs, dlfficulty of breathinz„ Erysipalas, or any painful redness of the skin, any Skin Dise2.se, any one hot and feverish. Blood poisoning. Swellings, and purifies the BLOOD. .SOLD :--- J. GANDY, Grocer, Church-street. JOSEPH BIBBY, Grocer, St. James's,etreet, Latchford. D. FLYNN, Grocer, Winwick Road. G. HILL, Gr:)cer, Priestly-street. •

DOUGLAS'S REAL RIIHUMATIC CURB , Is the only sate .nd true remedy for Rheumatic. Sciatic, and Gout. Theßeal ithernatic Cure is a liquil medicine to be taken internally. : It speedily des- roys and drives p out of the system the morbid and tE AL gou t 3 matter which excites and ID produces all the tiains and it:dam- IIL,I-1 PALMA i.IG . abons which are associated in an ~.,1 attack of rheu- matism. whether acute or chronic. Never known to IUURt7"• fail in Rheumatic fever —24,Cannte- lit,itir Sir, my daughter wee afrrieted tor two years with rheu- matism and was attended by three doctors and given up in- enratil,-. The day before taking your medicine she fainted for want of appetite and la-s of sleep. After taking two bottles of your Real Rheumatic Care, she was. restored to health. Yours faithfully, Mrs i[0.1};i1U011. Witness to this Core, It.,v Jo:.eph D.Sexton, The English Martyrs,Preston. Other testimonials sent free. The heal Rheumatic Cute is sold by all Chemists throughout the United •Kii.gdom at s. 9il per bottle, or post freer with ;ull directions, 33 stamps from the Proprietor; : DOUGLAS AND. CO., 24, GRIIVISHAW-ST., BURNLEY.

- ADIE SHOULD KNOW of the most Wonderful Medical Diroovery of the Age. ALL LADIES This MIRACIP.OOS and very powerful 1214318 DY quickly relit.% es all IRRE6ULAIIITIES and RE- MOVES all OBSTRUCTIONS HOWEVER OBSTINATE or Long Standing. It is perieet y lin.rudess but CHRTAIN and EFFECTUAL. Thousands have been relieved. One La?ly writes :—" Your Medicine is truly wonderful ; my ease WRS a fearfully obstinate one." Avoid useless pills. Invaluable particulars free on receipt of stamped addresse,i envelope. A. DASMAIL, 371, LANO DALE, WA I.TH MSTOW. ETLI.BLISHED 1851.

- - yj COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLoitoiriNil. VIII ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENIJINI4. I,OItODYNE admitted by Ow Prole,ssion to 'kJ be tbe most wonderful and valuable- remedy ever dis- coverea. O.III,OIODYNE is the best remedy known for Coughs. Consumption. Bronchitis, anrl 'Asthma. fIip.O.RODYN t rffectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases.--Diptilev3a, Never, CrotSp, .lILORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrlicea, \...) and Is.the only specific in Cholera andillysentry. (-11-11.0RODYNE effectually cuts shon, all attacks ki of lipilepsv. Hysteria, Palpitation, and Spasms. OTALOROVINE is the only It:e in Neural- got. Rise' uniatism, Gout, Cancer, Toot haese, Meningitis, las. Frays Dr. B. J. BOUL'ION St Co., Horniristie. We have matte pretty extensive use of Chkveclyne in our practice lately-, and look up' it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Ant:- motsmodie. It,seerno to allay pain and irrita- tion in whsfrever organ, and from whatev-tr cause. It induces a feeling of comfort and quietude not -obtainable by any other remedy. and it seems o possess tbis great advan- age over all eater Sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. Hari Russell communicated to the Col'ege of Physicians that he received a despatch from her M.jesty's Consul at Manilla, to the effect that Cholera kad been rang feartulli .and that. the ONLY remedy of any s•-rvice was CIILORO- DYNB."—See Lazicet Ist December. 1864. CAUTION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY Ni IMIT- ATIONS. Cauxtiox.—Vice Chancellor Sir W. Peon NVcols stated that Dr. J. C0L1.14 TiftowNe.. was, undoubtedly, the inventor of CHLORODYNE " and that the story of the defiant FREE- VA.N, was deliberate)y untrue, which he regrettM to sit 3, Aad been sworn to.—See Times. 13th 5.•1y. 1864. Sold in bottles at is 11., 2s. 9,1., and 4s. 61. None is genuine without the words DR. 5. COLLIS BROWNE'S CI4I.OItODYNII '" on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medical testimony accompanies each hAtle. boLE MANLInerIIRBIO.—J. T. DAVENPORT, 33, Great Russell.st., Bloomsbury. London.

ROC LIE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION. I_IOOPING COUGH I:l=zobild...eilL.a.'ect.t 1 I_IOOPINO COUGH cure withi)ut internal modicitye. 0.••••••• MON., 11100 PIN 3 COUGH Of all Cllernists price liOOPING COUGH 4ARg.enir :bor.le..lll,SwoixepriN: hiVessoaNle BIWNC HIT'S 157. Queen Victoria Street, Loudon. OROUP • X ) ROC H. Eui HERBAL EMBROCATION.

publirations. ET ON TO ENSURE II EA LTll." A medical wnyk giving Prescriptions and Instructions for the, cure of ail kinds, of Debility: po4 free, two strini . --Address Dr. BARA-.03, 48. Lansdale Square, Barnsbury, London, N.

ES WHO ARE WEAK I.hould read the best and 1. moat v,ltiable work on ATROPHY and VARICOCELII, lur Ch.M with special otiwpterA on the explanatlini of vital secrets and the eert4tin CURI.of Ps oSTYATION, DriBILITY and ntscAY. The purest guide tu• essential matters. Post Tree. Zd.—Address " SultGEox," Coplord Lodge, Brighton isinsseN. •

REE TO M EN. When you are tired of taing nauseous aml mysterious prt=criptions and compounds, which do you nogood, but only ruin your d,gesti We organs, write to me and I will send you a book which describes a QUICK ANT) CERTAIN cure tor lost strength. wasting weakness. Ac., front whatever eousearising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE. NO ELECTRIC- ; /TY. Sent in erwolope on receipt of two stamps forpostage. ; —A. J. LF.IGII. 92-93. Great Russell-street, London. W.C.

CAPIT..kI, Two-manual ORGAN; new ; fine rich tone, splendid pitch pine case.—ALEs. YOUNG It SONS. organ builders, Eldon-et.. Manchester.

7,I4UST BE SOLD AT ONCE. A very handsome OIL COTTAGE PIANOFORIE, in beautifully figure.l Italian walnut case, iron frame, trichord. ch ck action, all the latest improvements, briilliant tone and touch ; by E. Bishop and Sons, London. New nide months since. Wiil take £2l, (twenty-one pounds), honostly worth 32 guineas. This is a bargain seldom met with.—Apply W. LISA.THEEZ, Cross-lane, Earl es town.

ej• W. TEMPERLEY, MUSIC SELLER, 31, LOWLAND'S ROAD, RUNCORN. PIANOS, ORGANS, VIOLINS, &C. Tuning and Repairs. All kinds of Fittings in Stock. Arrangements made for First-Class Orchestral Band and Pianists. PIANOS en HIRE and on HIRE-PURCHASE.

GREAT SALE of fire salvage of over 200 PIANOS AND 0 HGANS. at J, PARRY'S 18, to 24, Downing- at.. Ardwick, Manchester. Mrs Parry having come to a speedy and satisfactory settle- ment with the Yorkshire Fire Insurance Company has decided to make a quick clearance at half their cost. 8 Full toned-Bell Organ walnut and gold case cost £2B 8 10 Oblique German Piano, ivory keys, and 7 octaves Pianette by Derwent of Lond,n 7 oc4.ayes Rosewood cottage Piano, Nutter, 7 octaves 4 15 Iron frame cottage piano, Ravenswood, 7 octaves 5 0 Iron frame cottage Piano. overstrung,Stodart,7 octaves 6 0 Iron frame German, overstrung piano. 7 octaves Iron frame semi-grand, by Kirkman, 7 omtaves Iron frame concert Grand, by Collard, 7 octaves.... The above lots are perfectly new inside with iron frame, fall t richord, brass pin plate, and patent check action. The out- side cases are damaged by water.

Ea be W.et. 910.LET,—WAREHOUSE and YARD, Orford-st.—Apply J. ABFITON and WooDs, Sjicit>rs, Horsemarket-street, Warrington. PENKETH. HOUSE, with garden ; also several cottages.— Apply Mr. ROBERT Lowe, estate agent, Market Gate Chambers, Warrington.

TO BE LET. One Shop, with dwelling-hoatce 1_ Good cellar. Reasonable rent. —Apply Tnos. WILLIAMS, Cross-lane, Earlestown.

mo LET, PREMISES, in centre of Warrington, sintable'for A. small workshops.—Apply AslrroN and Woos, Solicitors, G 6, Horeernarket-street, Warrington.

BUILDING LAND TO LET, in Wararave-road. the Vulcan Foundry.—App,y T. BEESLEY, architect, 2, Bridge st.. Earlestown, or at 13old-st., Warrington.

TO LET. TWO DWELLING HOUSES. Nos. 4 and 6 1 B,!wsey-yoad (now occupied by Mrs: Ifeid) each con- tain;ng 3 entertaining rooms, 5 Bedrooms, Bath mem Ix. Good Cellars, Hot and Cold Water. Possession in March next.—Apply to JAMES BOLTON. Accountant, 45, Sankey- !street Warrington.

Rtittls.

QOUTHPORT, SUNNYSIDE HYDRO, Promenade Li extension. Physician, Dr. Bernardo. A s rumerancl wittier residence, combining all the comforts of a pleasant home. Sea view. parks, pier, and trams near. New Turkish and other baths, billiards, and tennis. Terms moderate.—J. Boococz proprietor.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOT F; 54 TO 40, LUDGATE HILL. 510 MB COMFORTS. CLBANLINKSS AND Willi T. Centrid for business or pleasure.

A BRIGHT AND PROSPRROUS NEW YEAR von ALL BY USING OGOUREE. The FINEST METAL POLISH on the 3tLtrlset for produc- ing brilliant and economical result from Pal Chandlers, Grocers, .Ic. SAMPLES FREE FROM ' 12 & 34, JOHNSON-STREET, DALE-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

STOTLIERTS' HEADACHE & DIEUHALCIA POWDERS, A certain cure in 10 minutes. From all Chemist's. Grrvers, and Co-operative Stores, oz• direct trona the ProprieZm,. i'Vst Free, 15. or 33 stamps. In Boxes Is. 10., and 2s. 9d. I. OTOTIIF.RT AND SONS, WHOLESALE CHI3MISTS. ATIIEITON.[JAR MANCHESTER.

TEETII ! TEETH ! TEETH ! MACDONALD'S YHRB DRNTORIUM. 47140LESAL1ll TRRTH MANUPAC'S!eMiI (Registered.) H.M.R. Letters Patent. (Trade Merl.) The Best and Cheapest House in the Profession. Single Teeth, 25.; Sets. 203. Fit and Quality Guaxi.nt.ned Patients. Otted while they watt. A lady in attendatgre. The Trade Supplied. All beet materials and work rot Teeth extracted free from 05 to 8 p.m. Teeth extracted without pain. Free coneultations. Tebegraphie AdQress : Daudet," Mxneheeter. 9. Picah.43o.Y (Opposite Infirmary Clock), MANCHRSTRIt

THE HUMAN HAIR. •iki YOUR HAIR /S FALLING OFF. Consult S.TAYLOR, or Use His Renowned Preparatione, CANTHARIDES EXTRACT and POMADE, which a:ts CERTAIN DESTORERS of the HAIR. TAYLOR'S SEDATIVE AND NUTRITIVE CREAM infallible for perfectly Relieving the Skin from Irritation erNI Freeing thenair from Scurf. :PrNsparecl only by E. TAYLOR, HAIRDRESSER AND PERFUMER, 26 Azigi 28, KING-STREET. MANCHESTER.

- OUT Cr EVOERYNTEHIIZTPYOPUONUDNDS OF TEA CONSUAED IN GIIEA7 BRITAIN IS SOLD BY BROOKE BOND & CO. This is sal absolute fact, Rad it is the best possible- prof of Use value of TEA. r OR. U EA. PRICES.:: 1/, 1/2. 114, I.E. 2/, 2;=l, or 2/13 per lb. WE HAVE AGENTS t!taoughout this district, midi we will gladly tell you the Mille of our Agent nearest to you it you will itsk ate by poet card. OUR - it.GENTS draw th,eir supplies, ready-oack44 and labelled, constantly from us, and they sell exactly the same toss at precisely the same prices as. • at our well-kaaown Warehouses, WE ARE GLAD to receive apolicqions from energetic tradespeople for Agencies wherever we arliv not already repr.,senterl, Selling or Tea has long teen a regular Annuity rn thlusands of enterprising Men. and Women. B ROOKE 13ON D CO, • LIMITED. IT, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTIM 6.1,7N0 .a:r LEEDS. BRADFORD, AND LONDON).

OAI A S LIEA, CONIECTIONER AND WHOLESALE BREAD BAKER CHURCH-STREET, RUNCO livgs to inform hi 3 numerous patrons that he has just opened, as a Eranch Establishment, the.Eillop, 38, HIGH-STREET, RUNCOIIN,. with. high class confectionery and fancy breads. Orders will receive prompt attention.

rr OWLE'S ORODYN.E RENOWNED OR COwGIIS. OWLE'S CHLORODYNE INFLUP,NZA, .T C 0 W LE'S HLORODYNE CONSUMPTION. 1.1 AST II M A, TO IN LE'S kJ' II LORO DYN E TWfIO()PING COUGH, OWI4II-r8 kjiILORODYNE INFLUENZA, &C. 24 DO6ES for 1313, • . It is IMPORTANT to irrsisr on havi:ig Towrms as other preparations and makes are pushed for sake of extra profit.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Cure Headache and Sickness. Cure Indigestion. Cure Flatulence and Heartburn. Cure all Bilious Affections.

DR. SCOTI"S PILLS Are a Tonic Purifier. Strenuthen the Whole System. Induce Cheerfulness. Invluable as a Family Medicine.

COTT'S p ILLS Cure Loss of Appetite. Cure Depression of Spirits. Cure all Disorders of the Blood. ' Cure Lass ude and .Nervousness.

UIR.:,COT"I"6 BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS. 13 Are wrapped in a aquare green package. bearing the name of the proprietor. W. LAMBERT 173, Seymour Place. London. W ty post for 14 or 34 stamps.

THE EXAMINER' SATURDAY, JANU2IIY 6, 1894.

GOLD MEDAL DIETETIC TEAS. SPECIALLY RECOMMENDED To DYSPEPTICS,- . and a great boon to auy who have bJen Ilenied the use of other teas by their Medical Advisers. HENRY MILLING & CO. LTD. MERCHANTS, WARRINGTON.

WIIITCHU RCII DAIRY Snow. THE FIRST PRIZE C1117.,5E Were put up to Auction, and were sold for TWO HUNDRED SIIILLINGS PER CWT. (The highest prioe on record.) A coneignment from this Celebrate,l DAIRY will be . cut up and sold at 100. PER, LB. F 0 It XMAS BY J. B. ISAAC. SANI.i.E.Y STREET, 'WARRINGTON.

ANOTHER CURE OF CONSUMPTIVE COUGH BY DR LOCOCK'S PULMONIC WAFER..—Prom J Pratt.Chernist, Stafford-street, Wolverhampton, "A lady had be-n suffering from a severe consumptive cough for twelve or 13 years, and, aft ft consult- ing several physicians,, was induced to try your Wafers. The first dose gave instantaneous relief, and she has not had another attack." Iu asthma, consumption, bronchitis coughs Golds, rheumatism, and all hysberical and nervous complaints, instant relief and a rapid cure is given by the Wafers, which taste pleasantly. Sold by all druggists at is. id. 2s, 9d. 4a. 6.1. and its, per box.—(3)

DEATHS THROUGH EXPOSURE. FAITHFUL DOGS. Two touching incidents of canine faithfulness are re- ported from the Oldham district. Oa Tuesday the body of a pauper was found in a field at Butler Green, Chad- derton, guarded by a fox terrier. The man had died from exposure, and the deg had watched by hi body ; and at the last, when cliscevered, jealously refused teal- low its removal. On the following day another pauper was found to have similarly succumbed to the weather— this time near Wrigley Head Bridge, Failsworth. Here also a faithful workhouse dog had guarded the remains throughout the long night, and was loudly barking to attract attention when the body was discovered. At the last it refused to leave the body of the poor fellow. Napoleon Bonaparte Bonaparte has two royal successors on the island of St. Helena. They are Dinizulu, the son and heir of Cetewayo, the Zulu King, and Undabuko,brother of the same monarch. The climate Of St. Helena obliges them to wear a blAnket or some heavy covering most of the time. It is doubtful whether they will ever leave their island prison alive. The Medical Annual advises Practitioners to remember that when recommending COCOAS as food and beverage for invalids, the name CArmunr on anylpacicet of Cocoa is a guArantee of purity.—Advt.

TuNi „ t ma There is no remedy in existence that equals ST. JACOBS OIL For back-ache and all bodily aches and pains. It acts like magic, opens and dilates the pores of the skin and penetrates to the seat of pain. Costs is. lid. and 2s. 6d. It) Conquers Pahl.,

THE STRIKE RIOTS IN WALES. A VOLUNTEER REGIMENT DISARMED. The Welsh police have made another arrest in con— nection with the strike riots at Pontymister,ancl several warrants are issued for the arrests of the ringleaders. 'rho local volunteer regiment has been disarmed by the. authorities in consequence of shots having been heard. in the district. Considerable excitement prevails owing to the introduction of additional blacklegs. Work was resumed yesterday by the Scotchmen and North of Eng- land steelworkers under the protection of a strong polleo- staff . 410' FEATHERSTONE MINERS AND NEW YEAR'S DAY. • DISMISSAL OF ABSENTEE MINERS. The whole of the miners employed at Lord Masham's pit at Featherstone, where the recent rioting took place,- have ceased work in consequence of Mr. Holliday, the manager,having dismissed seventy-five men who absented themselves from work on New Year's Day. Mr. Cowes', representing the Yorkshire Miners' Association,on Thurs- thy paid a visit to Featherstone, but no settlement wag arrived at. The men who were not discharged resumed work on Thuisday, but they received notice to hand in their fourteen days' taetice. In the meantime the offlcialg ,at Barnsley will try to settle the dispute. MAKE WINE AT HOME for the Children's Parties frogs MASON'S WINE ESSENCES. A Sixpenny bottle will make you a gallon of splendid Witte- Sample post freo for nine stamps.—NEWBALL AND MASON. NOTTINGIIAM.—Advt. 'Dr. Ernest Hart of the "British Medical Journal declares that cholera will become extinct in tho next 30 , years because of the rapid advance of sanitary science, Henry Georges works are fastening themselves upon the foreign mind, and latterly translations of them int* the French, Spanish. and German have appeared and said in exceedingly flattering quantities. Larin Blodget, the well-known statistican, says that of the ninety thousand textile workers in America, at least seventy thousand are out of em plovmeat. EMIGRATION.—Intending e.migrants to New York, Busty* Philadelphia, San Francisco, Cariaoa. China, Japan, A, trails, or New Zealand. should take ti Aets (lowest rates) gt; the" Examiner" Office, by Guion, American. Austral': Oriental, and other lines.—John Walker, agent." Examiner Office. Bewsey-st.. Warrington..—Advt.

. ' ~ • . - - " v::,,i-fi -,,,m. „.3r.- . xr. - 30., . loi ''- -'.,,t'X go , --: -',„! .i, ‘,.. „il#: 4:74 .. -,„ - .0. ! , .s. L, 44 4 V,' '', '. . 4 4 , M .. .:,.::::, ', ,-;7t...4.4.:..., , .._ ,:.,,,, ~-:, How Lost! How Regalned! INVALUABLE REMARKS for Verna and Middle-Aged Men. F. , ...% -.. ~,,,, • ',..-. - =FED P /ON I •ii • •,.--, ~,,,,. ~ , ~ - , ~.. • ".„,---- ,/, INOIII7 THYSELF. /7 ,/'. Or SELF-PRESERVATION. A little won-, in brief on NERVOUS DEBILITY, EXHAUSTED VITALITY PREMATURE DECLINE. and all ACQUIRED DI- SEASES, and WEAKNESSES •OF MAN, their CAUSL and CURE. Remarks on filo subject of how to preserve the health when in possession of it. and how to regain it when lost. The best moans of restoring brain fag, impaired memory, incapacity for study or bysiness, genera/ debility of the system, and all wit,ting of the tissucs. This little wot lc wig be found void of Latin phrases and fancy words, and will be found bri,l, precise, and vt.id of unnecessary reading. Fifteen minatez spent in its perusal will teach the reader mera than five days reading in any boot: written en this subject. if you think IT egißl ra lia p 0 ibte sme-iiil U rZ, d J.1.-..jkAo i,A 0 0 you in -Wain cure-one and SEALED for Five Penny Stamps. Address---ti it: L.D S LArtmATort.v. Bradford, Yorkshire. .A.Dvlerf, F1t1..,2 li: L'EI7T ER ADVT. COPYRIGHT Mention 171 h. Paper, __

roll Ifrz.. , ~.i. ~' it. , 14 .-, . &I' •3, , . :F. *7 . fr. ' , P laNSAfif OF ..s PL SAM A,,1, ,s, ,--,- ..- ....-,1 N V 2"-'''' '• 'A. ... ,4,4.4 - -... , . ~,, , A....:ip-r,,,,,•:•,- ~ w , 41, I:`?',.,!.•&k.SPAOPfrifiet-, p ..,-,.. -.::, li ,N,-:, Y 7-or ..',',"Ft‘ 4:ii:153 1"- I• /, 'OA t''' '- -'. 4, ...---- ---',l' ' .!', f,-,,, ~,, 1, O;4, 444., I 4,1 nlif ~'''P.,44,,5..—,. ..:%." ifr:': ~ ..' '''.' '..,,2,,..-• j,(1".5' ' f.A.A6, ~ 1,41, i 4 ‘evtok,..h; yr , , •-....e..- ID' - • , ~l; 4" I ~' - A ' , e o •'•-•-t 7- tv..,4- • ,*(• 5 . '- Vij., ,044. .. -,4 h.- it 4.0 .'-: f` .It.„' 1,4` '4.,.' , , „..,:„ ..., .:: ..- , . „,. , . f ~.,„ tt. • ' V t:i • :'4,,. .IF; • • r. 4 '. • ' ' X ..; t 4 • .. ,•• ~,ki.„.3 4.' ..d' 4 44. -'. .;115., OF t:, it 4- ' 4P•4,.: i'-' ik 4 . :7.- .. ~,,. 1,. "tj N ,: r %."4.', ,!'.: r i 4 ,„,.....Li7 ,re „!:.• cr , - •:, 4,. ,el ,' , ii,.. :c• i:gu, , Y,; ~, , ;.,. .p, 4 -o..ifr . For ASTHMA, BEIONCNITIS, NICHT etTentEl INFLUENZA, IiGARSEKESSi I AND ALL TROUBLES. - _ SAFE AND RELIABLE. Established 70 Years. Bee Trade Mark on Wrappers. Beware of linitationS. SOLD BY CHEMISTS EVERYWHERE. In Bottles, lat. 2/3. 4/6, and 11/.

COUGHS! COLDS! INFLUENZA! --STHMA RONCHITIS ONSUMPTION ii STHMA RONCHITIS ONSUMPTION E STHMA RONCHITIS ONSUMPTION STHMA RONCHITIS ONSUMPTION . . , STHMA RONCHITIS ONSUMPTION t STHMA RONCHITIS ONSUMPTION CONGREVE'S ReadMr.Congreve'sßook BALSAMIC ELIXIR On CONSUMPTION AND In Bottles r/t,i4, 2/9, 4/6, 4 OTHER CHEST. DIS.EASES xi/-, and 22/. Post Free for x/- from of all Chemists and Patent The Author, Medicine Vendors in the Coombe Lcdge,Peckham, United Kingdom. London, S.E. G• ONGREVE'S i ALSAM T ONCE . ONGREVE'S i ALSAM I T ONCE ONGREVE'S ALSAM I T ONCE ONGREVE'S , , ALSAM , T ONCE ONGREVE'S , ,I ALSAM T ONCE ONGREVE'S oi ALSAM L T ONCE THE FINEST MEDICINE IN THE WORLD.

Those tiny soluble CAPSULES are su- perior to Balsam of 4 Oopaiba, Oubebs or ; astringent liquids p- --t, and CURE IN 48 ." -,..,, .4 ', 'g, 941' ' - ' HOURS the same ti„:4.7,44111ii,C., diseases without in- -.4-t1:40444.05' :, convenience ' AU Carftiaes marked 4/6 of all Chemists, or post free from WILCOX & Co. ,39 Oxford St.,London,W.

SWIFT GOLD MEDAL "—ii WRIST' 1 •''' - s ,-,,.. tz:o, :''''t ''..' ' ETTL- (40'0 KNITS Stockings, Clothfilg in 1 Wool, Silk, or Cotton. Lilts 2d, per Pest. TRIUMPHANT A WARD a t . .0 t PARIS. The only WINNER in the WOR Li i 0 f 15 Gold Medals. Also Makers of the SUN se,itnlcss Stocking Ribber Branch (Mice, 77, OXFORD Sr., LONDOIC.--ill E HAR RlAng KNITTING BIACII/31E. CD. Works, 48. UYPEB. itßo4.)li. ST.. MANOILSTER.

FOUR GREAT HOUSEKEEPER'S BOONS. TRY ONE, TRY ALL. .......................k..d.A. T ''' ; ' r` 4::- fKtT E g : ~ 4 -,, ~,. ~- . 0 V Lc 1 . Rl* ,G,4,..,::.,;'..i)...pLi5.H.. ii.. 04 14 iik4 W-1-1: ...,.-"i 401APELT.& E . 0 .-,,, ~,,t, .ty,i-Act-4,WCOiLD •-_, 0 4 In 410auirr tyh you Time,u ean l_l 17riotdullc3othreMi e 8 . , -2 Polish with Two Penny Packets 2: "..-5d of rasing Sun than with Half- ts Dozen of ordinary Blacklead. in,,,, 2 •,,,••••,• • ~,,,-,...:--,-, . ~,,••-•;.- leltillit ' ;;.,19,75C1L.' 3 I lits 2 g 'Art , ri.:=2,o. .10 Li s H ----; t,....,:.,:. ....:,;:.,., ~,,,i4, .-• t. .. .c . ;.-91VAirivgfig1PkW,:.. .;.t A LS'A, : *4 tr EgrFEJ .), , x TEOLLM, ..,.. -4- ' I's 4,Bltaimi Sold in 3d., Gd. & 1/, Bottles. No Nixing, 'F'• No Scratehaa, Scarcely any Rubbing, o 3 CHANCELLOR'S PLATE POWDER. • ‘=,'i ~.„ 0 g .. Mere is no preparation of which we know toegini its excellence. —ENQI: IKE Wil If IN —3d. per 1..3x. ... , N,,,,,,1., ~,,,f, • ~,,k; , - A .: onz:,,,,CKV,VA 2 1 4t 11 ' e' 0 , i",*'• EttiE-ki, co, **, . ''.-, ' ek -4.:*4.,".- iu.l..k;): • . •,,, i • ,i,‘ ' ''' :- ;:•;.? , ' - .••' .B.:vrti*. 0 4 '',o ~r - ~..1 , 1 :.,ONT-'. 0 ;I , ,4 4,•„. . ,:,;,:...,,-,,,,i, • ~( . 1 REQUIRES flo addition or preparation. g,l "{STAVES Time, Lai•our, and Uncerthinty. 1 ' 1 PRODUCES BeantrfnlWhit.e Glossy Linen. kat your Grcmr to get them for you. t C. CHANCE.LLOP. 4 Co., LONDON,

RULLS FOR STARCHING. A most valosble lute bo,k for ,hte who do their starching at home. Pcst free for 2 stamps. C. CHANCELLOR A Co., LONDON, E.C.

HINTS FOR HOUSEWIVR.S. 12-Page Pamphlet containing useful domestic hints. Pot free 1 stamp. . F. FRY, 58, Belleville -Road, Wandsworth Common. LONDON. S.W.

RATING'S COUGH LOZENGES. " 94, Commercial Road. Peckham, July 12. 1889. " Dear Sir,-1 am e. poor hand at expressing my feelings, but 1 should like to thank you. Your lozenges has done wonders in relieving my terrible cough. Since I had the operation of" Tractaeo•omv " (the same as the late Emperor of Germany, and unlike him. thank God , I ant still alive), per.ortnrd at St. Bartholomew's Hospital, 710 one could pos, sibly have had a more violent cough ; it was so bad et times that, it quite exhausted me. The mucus, which was very copious and t...rd, has been softened. and I have been able to get rid of it without nifficulty.—l am. air. yours truly, J. UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. The above speaks for Itself. From strict inquiry it appears that the benefit from using Keating's Cough Loz,nges is understatesi. The operation was a specially severe one, and was rierformed by the specialist Dr. H. T. Butlin. of St. Bartholomew's Hospital. z,inee the operation the only means of relief is the use of these Ltaenges. tio successful are they that one affords inimediuste ben, fit, al though from the natur of the case tho throat irritation is intense. WEIGHT IN GOLD. Under date Fept, 8, Mr. ill writes " I should long since have been d -.I but for your Lozen es they are worth their weight in gold. 1 will gladly see and tell everyone what a splendid cough remedy they are." Keating's Lozeng,s are sold in tins Is. lid. each. 'The un- rivalled remedy for COUGH 6., HOARSENESS,and THROAT TROUBLES.

ROWATT'S LAMPS ~,:i IT i I;.isli*, \ "MARVEL," (4-... t. .1„---1:1:‘,,,,„ , 7iii, ,:-..-..,..*,=, ~,:,,, i i 40 to 1(.0 Candle- Power, i ." rkiimiLl=9) 6 ‘ E '' 0 S, to 100 Candle-Power. ... ; -------- 111111 -- 1 / ' "SURPRISE," if\.. ' i '1 ' 30 Cand:e-Power pi i' _,' r., ( " LORNE " , ;i; ii>"----, , ----- ; ';1 I ' '1'.1%), 1.. 15 to 25 o-p. (chirtmeylese). ' 11 fa riora i ','„l ( ' 'i ,- \ t A ' ,h, SPLIT -WICK •ANUCAPNIC , . . ‘ .5.,..; ~ , , t ; • I\k, 4,,i‘ , ...,,i •,', 12 to 22 e-p.(chimneyless) Our Lamps are the tn.t Bconom- -1,-...-2'.........an.7i-i.j 1.1, Beet, & Easiest Managed. -4,717-Z'Vlii,nt-1-?-.....--- a INSIST ON HAVING A ROWATT'S LAMP. • • :-;%/1,,,,F..,..t ----, A Nem Patent Sat ety Auto- ' 'e, , ,i, 045 ft . .• ' matl+l Extinguisher Duplex .1..;.....;.1,-;. Lamp. HOWATTIS ' GORDON ' PATENT inOWATT'S LAMP as above HIJRRICANE LANTERN fiir,ornurefis, ei m should ulii.tvileorla(mlanpgbeyr With Patent Windgnard Hoop. ally mean 4 get upset. its Bic,t Perfect Out-Door Lamp Paw!. rectly the Lain pisat an angle the Automatic 1+ xtingukh .r Do not use any other. a-to, and out goes the light. Beware of Imitations. Retail from 1 ronmongersAo.

MANUFACIURERS OF DECORATIVE AND ART FURNITURE. 7 .':..17.:73.747._,,, _,4,1,4.,,,,,,i.y.,-,..z.-,....,,v..:_-,..?r.1:_,,te 1F F S ,:, . a R . r,c2, 1.4.,.., . 1;!,,,,,,26,--.:-.7:4l,ATAlRl:vt,TvelikstiLlefi ......„ _

c--: r 4) co -4 P ;4 Co .... 4 Co ..1 1.-. W

•••... .„--7. ~,/ ;* / / 1 \ ~ \ `, ` , tr....v,,n_ , .._ r, ... , , ip „ i . , , ..,31—,_c e • ... " • }Pt, . .il IL ) 7/fer7e€o4, op -1 1/4!,. iy,_^. , 7,4,.. -• a - ,-i : .ii / ~,,a.7,,, .., <-.3, . ss- ., -. • ' -,/ / -- /Id i 'v--* '.• ••• l' 1 ----\ * M•rislsfy)-,1-../.....,,..,, , ~, .. , . \.;r iv -A{ ,--;-' ~.,: 1 ...,".... I ', 't; .d. ...,,,,..,„ ~.., ... . ~ t -6-,iii.t„..-,...v.,. ~., $.l------...,,,—. f •• „AA, • s.s. .. .-". "'"'. ' / '' . • .41 ' • '- • ~k.\ A 14' "4 , ,i..ft& ',,• i I , /7 5.„,• . 1. it. .1:1 1 .1,1? .A . , I , * . X • friti. ti E.I4BIRO.Cg "4 ri. 4, . if 1V!,... 3 ("j") , i ,s . g .1.4 ' , 4'-- ', '\,\•,t,.....‘,,,,..,...,:ie,,,,,.,,,.; u:7,-,,AE.:::.:t5.„,ff.,,...v.:._.. . % „,_,,,....., : r \ I' ' • .4‘• * '•\k/ *\bl; : T .'.-''.- -15 V f1:1745: 1:1----- '..- ="Effp_"--- . ' , ilii;e:,:i2S::',. - ' ''..- " •Ck• 'l/4‘‘ %ht --, - .. *- -'' • \ .. $ 1a:.,;1,_ il S , t.•.:.<kt.;:••• n !,, _ _ - : , -41 • -1')--- . 'fr'`i .... .„ u :!.., •.- -- •:„. -, .. -,-.....1 1 ' - :-,!'-' 4,....--r , A ....... ,; - • .-.- ./%. .............--- , ~....77.,,,,,,„„.......:. -• 4 - :--.:-.-... 4. in Ifik , . •••••••• . * ill • . "ae $. . irt , .... v:„, . e.- • ... • ''''' • • . —. trf - ki .u. , • • • - , -- ,_ ••• - -- -.- - : - '- • - -.... .7, . ... ..-- - ~ -‘)'?) ‘4.(l.`t.t. . il 4...-.4 0 4' ----:/ C.‘;'' ..V?` e .....- ,

ELLIMAN'S UNIVERSAL EMBROCATION, ls.11)d.& 2s. 9d.

6. • ' :', 1' 3,4,' r . .; Itt -- •,- • ~ ' t bi', 0 < • t% • tr. A ill ~, N As ,t,*--A--- e.tcssm, • ..,-;; 4., • .1 • g 0 ills - S .7 • T---ti\G i POWDERS, FOR CHILDREN CUTTING TEETH. . . IN JSE OVER FIFTY YEARS.

JOHN STEEDMAN, CHEMIST, WALWORTH, SURREY." is engraved on the Government Stamp affixrd to each packet.

i 3 • ---, 0 - 6 V 0 .r.„.,•,.. ~,.. Z in AI r-fi ,• 1-3, ' T - i : AT 0 • p. ILL S. ~, , , „..,,,e I. p. , l'. 4, i til ,........1-.% T Are acknowledged by all to be -, • \ The. Best Medicines for Family Use. ....._____ MANUFACTURE!) ONLY Al' • 78, NEW OXIT2.Oii,D STREET, LONDON. And Sold by all illedieirre Voiffors throuyhold qle World,- - Advice Gr.tti4, :Is the`above addrOcs, daily, bctsvetat the hottr“f n and 4, or by letter.

A GOOD FAMILY E 7 PICIT OPFST, Li / L •- WITH a prudent use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious Com- partments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down ss the best.—Obteiver. ce, '-• .FREE FROM MERC UR V. Ap • . . 73k p afß.t o. = ,41. , • O.P PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. P . 4 FOR ,BILE. LIVER, ACIDITv, INDIGESTION, 84c.

f' - ;; • -,:- t .%, a„„ :. , . E I '-'"'''- 11 '''' -4, ,T, i, 1 '' ~, 1.. ~,$: A. 1. IRISH LINEN IRISH CAMBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS POCKET IRISH LINEN Guaranteed all pure flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN COLLARS. • IRISH LINEN Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars, 5/6 per dozen; made special to pattern, 6/5 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9, 4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. IRISH LINEN 2 yards square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 40. per yard. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide. 1/11 per yard SURPLICE IRISH LINEN LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS, SUMMER AND IRISH LINEN IRISH TWEED, aallndPuStryeleV. ooPLleasUenssuay ifssfoedr: for strength, nogrtGh,enDtsur, Durability, IRISH LINEN Patterns Free by Return of Post. . ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. R HUTTON & CO., LARNE, BELFAST. .

e ir? 631/c Mtitiez,), 4,7 xrnzer 63/17ic. e,

„ ,-,..._,. rBET . H . TES T 11 , --: •,, . lIEETIL PARKINSONS'S 'TEETH are, at the prioei ' ,- UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD. Tho pubZlc 231EETH. may rest assured that these statements ars • , •, 4 based on ABSOLUTE TRUTH, and peril:Ape the TEETH. best guarantee of this to intending patients is . that J. H. PARKINSON has one of tile Larg-01-- D.intal Practices in England, the outcome et TEETH.. employing the BEST LABOUR, using the BEST MATERIALS obtainable, and charging ” rEETH. the LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. I_ Any set made, or any work done by him, and -FEET& '..tot giving ABSOLUTE SkTISFACI lON in Every Detail will be immediately corrected, or 'Fan ENTIRE NEW SET made FREE 01/ Eli- .1-2 e CHARGE. These conditions insure the public's satistal• TEETH. Lion and recommendation, zxemplified by Z 1 sets having been inserted for patients during ' TEETH. one year only, directly and indirectly througb 1. the voluntary persuasion and recommendation TEETH. of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. Any or all !? these patients' names and addresses, for reit- TE ETU. rence, will be given to any would-be patie,-n.t personally applying for them. These, int,' thousands in the past, each recommending thelt . TEETH. friends, speak volumes for Mr. Parkilisdn'• success. TEETH. His unusually Large Dental Esta.blielimen!, adapted for the COMFORT of Patients, IA ITSI7 , TEETH. NOT DETER ANY. All are WELCOME to FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily from 9 101 S , and 2 to (i. TEETH. ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS EXTRA.CTION, Jcc., as hitherto, by the aid of his own trevie TEETH. LIQUID NITROUS OXIDE, of which he . liquefies for sale to dentists nearly 10,000 g6l- rrEETII. lons weekly. Patients, have, th-refore. inthit , speciality also the benefit of his experience. TEETH. CLOSED ALL DAY ON FRIDAY:i. -- J. It. PARKINSON, , rf EETH. Dentist. by Examination, 46, MOSLEY-STEAM, MANCH 135M1.- WARRINGTON ON WEDNESDAYS, at Mica Charles Ladies' Outfitter, Sankey-et., from 2 to 5 p.m. RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs. Hughes, f Parson's), Confectioner, Bridge-st., from 2to . ' NORTHWICH. on FRIDAYS, at 18, Applemarket-streeti 1 from or 11 . 12 a.m., and 1 to ... p.m. 4,1

• 0 f' 'Ordinary notices of Births, Marriages, and Deaths, are serted free of charge. Marriages or Deaths with thr Wadi "No Cards," or any addition to the Registrar's ordinaci notice, are charged One S'hilling and Sixpence, if prepa;d. anneuncements on credit, Two Shillings and Nia-prac'•_„., such announcements .must be authenticated by the 131"•-• and address of sender. BIRTHS. ELLISON At Greenciale, Worcester, Mass., U.5.A.., Deeeliti. ber 20th, the wife of the Rev. Joseph Elliscin, (formerly" e Warrington), ot a son M A- it RIA GE S. C 1 lb 110WARD—TWENTYNIAN.— Jan. 3rd, at the Parish Coa,-, Warrington, by the Rev. A, A. Markham, Alfred Howard, to Edith Twentyman. DEATHS. Citozikit.—January Ist, at Margaret,st., Annie Crozier, 9 months. ~gfet GLEasz.—January 2nd, at Guardian-st., Alice Weave. 45 years. A 0 GlMEN.—January 3rd, at Orford-lane, Eve Green, age-- years. Divirs.—January 3rd, at Napier-st., Martha Davies, 63 years. Wrl,Ltants,—January 4th, at Lovely-lane, Maud W'll.loo aged 7 months,

LY I EMORIAL CARDS. frgrg CIRCULARS, BILLHEADS, MEMORANDI72II3, Handbills, Window Bills, Posters, and printing of all 1..550 executi•t-i wth neatness and despatch by Joon S. the Earouqh Press 34, Bridge-street, Warrington* - THE MANC B ESTER TAILORING & CLOTHING Dr4rot 8 & 10, HORSEMARKET-ST., WARRINGTP,%yr ARE SHOWING the LARGEST RANGES 01 V in MAKES of CLOTHS for MOURNING WORSTEDS, SERGE, VIENNAS,LLAMA SUITS READY MADE OR TO at short notice for MEN, YOUTHS load BOYS S. • Well made and thoroughly reliable.
