===== 0002601_18940421_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
NO, 784

tv,IcTuRE FRAMES, MOULDING &c. Cheaoest House in Warrington for Moulding 4CTURE FRAMES, PICTURES, PICTURE GLASS, and niery requlsite for FRAMES. 50,000 feet of Moulding always in Stock. WHOLW,'A Lit OR RETAIL. J. W. JAMSON. 18, FRIAR'S GATE AND MAI:K.ET HALL, WARRINGTON. 71 VICTORIA ROAD, WIDNES.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. .

===== 0002601_18940421_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
REGISTERED FOR TRANSMISSION ABROAD

30,990. (2nd April, 1894). Investing Rural Sanitary Authority with Urban Powers: Determining " Special Expenses." RUNCORN UNION. Frodsham Township, Halton, Contributory Places. and Weston _

TO THR GUARD.. -33 POOR of tho Runcorn Union, in the County of Chester, being the Sanitary Authority for the Rural Sanitary District of that Union :

And—t O-all-others whom it may concern. WHERNAS by certain orders dated respectively the 22nd day of October, 1881, the 17th day of November. 1883, the 10th day of February, 1888. the 17th day of October, 1892, the 10th day of October, 1893, and the 4th day of January, 1894, issued in purauance of the Public Health Act, 1875, and of the Public Health Acts Amendment Act, 1890, W. the Local Government Bobrd, invested the Guardians of the Poor of the said Runcorn Union, in such Sanitary Authority as aforesaid, with certain of the powers, rights, duties, capacities, liabilities, and obligations of an Urban Sanitary Authority as regards certain portions of their District, including the Contributory places of Frodsham Township. Halton, and Weston. And whereas we have received and duly considered an application under Section 276 of the Public Health Act, 1875, from the said Sanitary Authority to put in force within the said contributory places certain provisions of such Acts as hereinafter mentioned. NOW THEREFORE, in pursuance of the powers given to us by the Statutes on that behalf, we hereby declare and order as follows : Artiste 1. Until we by Order otherwise direct, the respective provisions of the said Public Health Act, 1875, hereinatter mentioned shall be in force within the Contribu- tory place or places in respect of which they are mentioned, and the said Sanitary Authority shall be invested, as regards the said Contributory places, with all the powers, rights, duties, capaci lea, liabilities, and obligations of an Urban Sanitary Authority under such respective provisions, namely,— Within the Contributory Place of Frodsham Township,— Sections 39 and 66. Within the Contributory places of Halton and Weston, —The provisOns of the Towns Improvement Clauses Act, 1847. with respect to slaughter hou:Tes, incor- porated with the Public Health Act, 1875, by section IE9 (paragraph 2) ; section 169 (paragraph 3) ; and section 170. _ _

Article 2. The expenses incurred or payable by the said Sanitary Authority in the execution of the powers conferred upon them by Article 1 of this order, except so far as such expenses may relate to the establishment and Officers of the said Sanitary Authority, shall be deemed to be "Special Expenses" within the meaning of the Public Health Act, 1875, and shall be charged as such upon the Contributory place in respect of which they may have ben incurred. Article 3. This order shall come into operation on the 30th day of April. one thousand eight hundred and ninety four, and the said Sanitary Authority shall cause it to be pub- lished once in some newspaper circulated.within their District betore that date. Given under the seal of office of the Local Government Board, this Second day of April. in the year one thousand eight hundred and ninety four.

0

G. SHAW LEPEVRI3, President.

B. B. PROWS, Assistant Secretary.

(*e 4.7r6,lliPtik. •.• tIE DIANS OF TII ,n

===== 0002601_18940421_art0004.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
k 4,

===== 0002601_18940421_art0005.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
f/ottis.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
E ODES'S DAN,DELION C Ft,' EE G The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Oanidter bd., 104.. and Is. RU each. Wholesale by J. GSDDES & Sow. Warrington.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0007.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
41- yr;- ArA • "

===== 0002601_18940421_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
ct../c•!•/ + 1 LLtri, t ri) 01 \I 11

SATURDAY, APRIL 21, 1894.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCArION.

HOOPING COUGH

HOOPING COUGH

medicine.

HOOFING COUGH HOOFING couqn

BRONC II ITIS

CROUP ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

The celebrated e.firectusu

cure without internal

Of all Chemists price 4s. per bottle. Sole Wholesalt Agents : W. EDwAPns & SON, 157, Queen Victoria Street, London.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0010.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
"1

===== 0002601_18940421_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
BLAIR'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS.

BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. For RHEUMATISM. BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. GOUT, LUMBAGO, and SCIATICA. BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. The acute pain quickly relieved BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. by these Pills. is Sure. Safe, and BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS, Effectual. Price is. lAd. and 2s. 9d. per Box.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
CORPORATION OF THE CITY OF MANCHESTER.

CONCENTRATED MANURE Made from Slaughter-house and Market Refuse. Excrement from Pail Closets.

BLOOD, BONES, FISH, &c., Delivered in begs, carriage paid, at £3 per Ton. Special price over 150 miles. SUPPLY STRICTLY LIMITED.

ORDERS should be given early in the Season to

prevent disappointment. PULL PARTICULARS FROM

it. D. CALLISON, INDOOR SUPERINTENDENT, CLEANSING DEPARTMENT, TOWN HALL, MANCHESTER. OR TO

MR. BOLD ALDRED, --- -- STAMFORD ROAD, ALTRINOHAM.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
Es. 6d. per Annum. n advairallk P BICE ONE PENNY. BY POST { Is. 7d. Per Ql'arter' Is. 9d. per Quarter, credit.

EET H .

TEETI-1.

rEETH.

TEETH. PARKINSON'S TEETH, are, at the price, , UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD. The public, TEETH. may rest assured that thew statements are based on ABSOLUTE TRUTH, and perhaps -2- TEETTI, , that best guarantee of this to intending patients is at J. H. PARKINSON has one of the Largest Dental Practices in England, the out TT Mi. come of employing the BEST LABOUR, using the BEST MATERIALS obtainable, and charg- TEETTI, lag the LOWEST PC _iSIBLE PRICE. 1 Any set made, or work done by him, and 11 ME ETH. 1 _i_ not giving ABSOLUTE SATISFACTION in Every Detail will be immediately correctedor 1 rrEETrI. an ENTIRE NEW SET made FREE OF CHARGE. L These conditions insure the public's satisfao- FEETII. tion and recommendation, exemplified by 21 sets having been inserted for patients dur'ng TEETH. one year only, directly and indirectly through the voluntary persuasion and mcommendatisn TEETH. of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. Any or all Ji these patients' names and addresses. forest e. TEETH. rence, will be given to any would-be patient personally applying for them. These, with thousands ia the past, each recommending TEETH. their friends, speak volumes for Mr. Parkin son's success: TEETH. His unusually Large Dental Establishment, adapted for the COMFORT of Patients, MUST TEETH. NOT DETER ANY. ALL ere WELCOME FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily from 9 to rirE,,,e, and 2to 6. ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS EXTRACTION, Ice., as hitherto, by the aid of his own made TEETH., LIQUID NIIROUS OXIDE, of which he now • liquefies for sale to dentists nearly 10,000 gal- TEETH. lons weekly. Patients, hare, toerefore, in this speciality also the benefit of his experience. r rEETII. CLOSED ALL PAY ON FRIDAYS, - I :. IT, PARICINSON, TEETH. Dentist by Examination. 46, MOSLEY-STREET, MANCHESTER, WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, at Miss Charles's. Ladles' Outfitter, Sankey-street, from 2 to 5 p.m.

RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs. Hughes, (late MI Parson's), Confectioner, Bridge-street, from 2 to 5. NORTHWICH, on FRIDAYS. at 18, Applemarket-street, from kr 11 to 12 a.m., and Ito s p.m. ja

GOOD EVENING!

HAVII YOU HAD A DRINK OF TIIU FAMOUg

"TEW-ITT" STOUT

T O-D AY ?

IF NOT, TRY IT.

ADDRESS-

RICHARD F 'IRSHAW

COLLINS GREEN LIiEWERY.

NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS.

GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS.

-- FOR DANIS/1r KIEL BUTTER, SMOKED WILTSHIRE, IRISH ROLL AND HOME-CURED BACON. PRIME C et-Ib:ESE, In fact for General GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS At Prices to SUIT all try

E. DowyEs, FAMILY GROCER AND PROVISION DEALER, 12, OXFORD STREET, E,ARLESTOWN.

AGRICULTURAL DEEDS. AGRICULTURAL. PIERPOINT & CO., HOIISEMARKST-STREET. WARRINGTON. Invite the attention of Farmers to their EXCELLENT STOCKS OF CLOVERS and RYE GRASSES, of First-class Quality and high germinati, g powers. Samples and Prices forwarded Post Free. CLOVERS. Hardy, erichine(l, specially suited for the NORTHERN COUNTIES. RYE GRASSES. PERENNIAL and I rALTAN, imported and thoroughly cleaned. NATURAL GRASSES. The most nutrition and profitable sorts for permanent pas tut e. SW ED ES. Raisers of " LORD DERBY" and " GLORY OF ENGLAND," the Best Swedes in Cultivation. MANGOLDS. Grown at d Selected for our own trade. GAR DEN SEED. OF SUPERIOR QUALITY. Beautifully Illustrated Catalogue pot free on application. Established half a century.

pottres.

P_ ASSENGER AND SHIPPING EXCHANGE.— —Plans and particulars of all Passenger Steamers and Steamship Lines sailing from Liverpool. London, Southamp- ton. Ste., to be seen, and all Bookings and arrangements made at Bywater, Tanqueray, and Pbayre, Limited, 23. Water-st., Liverpool.

1894 NOW IS TUE TIME TO EMIGRATE. FREE GRANTS OF LAND IN CANADA. 160 ACRES rif MANITOBA AND THE NORTH-WEST. REPORTS OF BRITISH FARMERS' DELEGATES, who visited Canada in 1893, NOW READY.

Other illustrated PAMPHLETS issued under the authority of the Imperial and Dominion Governments. and full inform- ation respecting the :tooye territories, their resources, trade, Ltc.. su,,plied free by

MR. JOHN DYKE, CANADIAN Gov N? AGENT, 15, WATER-STRLET, LIVERPOOL. who has recently returned from an extended visit to the Canadian North-West.

. INTHITE STAR LINE ROYAL r MAIL STEAMERS. .41.1,14 LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via • Queent.town, EVERT WEDNESDAY. BRITANNIC...Wed.. Apr. 25 I *MAJESTIC... Wed.. May 2 cotron not carried on Passenger Steamers. Second Cabin will be cameo on tne voyage marked thus*. Steerage passage including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, and ehliadelphia, at low rates. The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class, uniform in model and arrangements, and unsurpassed in the completeness of their appointments. Saloon and State Room amidships. Apply to IsbiA.Y, Ilium, and Co., 54, Loadenhall-street, London, 8.C.. and 10. Water-street. Lirerpool.

EMIGRATION TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD: JOHN AVALKER AND CO., "EXAMINER" OFFICE. WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOR I.UNARD LINE for NEW YORK every SATUR- DAY, and or BOSTON every THURSDAY.

yirEuTE STAR LINE for NEW YORK exery Y WEDNESDAY.

i/SIMERICAN LINE—SOUTHAMPTON to NEW YORK, direct every SATURDAY. and LIVERPOOL to PHILADELPHIA. every WEDNESDAY.

GUION LINE to NEW YORK, every SATURDAY.

ADELAID E, MELBOURNE and SYDNEY STEAMERS from LIVERPOOL.

NEW ZEAL ‘ND, TASMANIA, and AUSTRALIAN LINES landing passengers en route at Teneriffe. Cape Town, and at Hobart, &e.

TNTENDT NG EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, FO5- TON. PHILADELPHIA. SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA. CHINA, JAPAN. AIWTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND. should take tickets at the LO WEST RATES at 44-v THE lIXAMINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON. By any of the abov,e-mentioned or any other lines. JOHN WALKER AND CO., AGENT.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0014.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, _

===== 0002601_18940421_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
: PLEASANT PARAGRXPHS.

We used to hear that cotton was king. To this 'day. we hear of the cotton prints. THE Cincinnati mode of getting rid of mothers- In-law is greasing the kitchen stairs. A MAN wlro says he will subscribe anon, very . often proves to be a non-subscriber. AN inquiring friend would like to know who was the first joiner that framed an excuse. MILITARY CITRIOSITY Portion of a skeleton regiment—a .vertebra from the backbone of the . gamy. Tun man Who made an impression on the heart ,• of a coquette,- has become a skilful stone-cutter. When a man is so set in his mind that nothing can turn him, he iS then paradoxically called a • "crank. 66 ERE'S -a light in the window for thee" was sung by the glazier as the excuse for presenting . his bill. .AFTEa the new ballet, "The Fly Dance," the dancers of colusc take to the wings as sOOll as it is over.

MT LITATIT Ex N ZR. -" What must a man be to he buried v,i.th military honours of Recruit —44 Dead "

Anaszt. Ceara-en anti a gun are alike in one res- pect, at leaet. These ie always danger of their going off prematurely. "ONLY a match box," remarked Fogg at the theatre the other night, referring to the seats . • where the young lovers sat. 6 " I'rsa :be wiser when I'm moulder," as the • moulders apprentice remarked to his employer • when chided for stone mistake he'd made. Tue Sultan of Morocco has one thousand wives. : Solomon had only seven hundred. But Solon San was a•wiee man: he knew he had enough. AN INTEZESTINV. GLOVE FIGHT—A woman with . a number., Neven hand struggling with a number , • five glove. Tit daily pa,peis say Senater Felmune is writing •up the Mormons, and we should say it was time somebody ‘li4eright them up. "-ALL the world is dark and dreary, Everywhere •I•roam:" . Then let us ask the minstrel weary, If he really hadn't better stay at home? Tail pages of the New Jersey Legislature were ,deteeted in taking the stationery. They were as :unreliable. as the pages of the Congr,ssitrual Record. "ALAS I" sighed Jenkinson—" Alas ! to think that I, who am such a lover of nature, should -cover after my marriage that I am indissolubly , wedded to art ! " A PHILOAOPHICAL son of Erin was overheard re- marking to a friend : "Be sure you have a good time witile you're living, for indeed but you'll be a long time dead." LITTLE GIRL--" Please, ma, may I have a egg ?" Ma—" Don't say a egg; say an egg. L.o.—"Can I have a neg Is" Ma " That isn't right." L.G. (desperately) —" Please, ma, can I have an hegg ?" A urns: GML, walking one (lay with her mother in a graveyard, and reading one after another the praises of those who slept beneath the turf, said— "Mamma, I wonder where they bury all the sinners." "CAN you .tell me why Colonei 0 is like a rocking-chair?" asked one lady of another. "Yes," - was the reply,-" it is because that no matter how much he may be on the go, he never gets ahead.'' A Tuttistrr 'wife wonders why the men can't manage to do, something useful, and wants to know if they mightn't as well amuse themselves in smoking hams as-in smoking cigars? THE lamb is a more lovable animal than the hog, but the hog is generally very much fatter than the lamb. If you would have people love you be a lamb; but if getting ahead in the world be your sole object, by all means be a hog. A CITY girl, recently msrried to a farmer, one .slay visited threeow-house, when she thus interro- gated the milkmaid : "By tie by, Mary, which of _these cows is it that gives the butter-milk ?" As Irishman being in church where the collection apparatus resembled election boxes, on its being handed to him, whispered in the carrier's ear that he was not naturalised and could not vote. - A mACLUSTE for cleaning carpets without beating them is a recent invention. What suffering man and woman need is a machine that will clean house without taking up the carpets. When -such a con- trivance is introduced, 7.; per cent. less male pro- fanity will shoot through the startled atmosphere - each spring and fall. PHYSIOLOGIAL CHANGE.—A prsfessor was tr:- plainiug, in a young ladies' schtool in France, the theory according to -which the body is eatirely entirely renewed every seven years. "Thus, Mademoiselle F.," said he, aideessiug a pretty blonde with a title-awake face, "in seven years you will be no longer Mademoiselle F." "7 hope . so," replied the unsephistieate.d, casting down her eyes. "[low fresh everything seems to-nitht," sahl he. "Do you knew anything fresher then a spring zephyr?" "No," said -the young lady, 'Snot unless it is the fresh paint you aae sitting on. It has not been on the piazza four hours " The young man went through asback street to a hotel and sent the porter out on an errand A few minutes later an odour of benzine filled the hotel and the Ise at leaked out. —Poet Jafee.4 "Do you expect trade to pick up any after election?"* he asked of a Philadelphia clothier whom he met over in Paterson the other date " Not much." "It must grow better with cold weather." " Vhell, maybe.' "You are not very * enthusiastic over the outlook." " \Teed, my • frendt, I vashn't discouraged nor yet very, sanguine. Peesness may be weriy good or werry dull De best dot,' hope for isht do my briulder Isaacs, in Chicago, get its2,ooJ insurance on a stock of $1,500, mid (lot der bill of sale I gif my -wife of all my goods can't be proben by der lawyers." Ma. Cresweitor was slowly walking down the stree.t, when he saw one of his friends wildly striding towards him. "What is your hurry ?. asked Mr. C., catching him by the coat. "Don't step me!" yelled the other, straggling to get free; "let me go !" " anything wrong ? " gasped Clew. drop. "No, no; but do let me go ! " "What are • you rushing so for?" "Oh, hang it ! I'm walking for a match !" "If that's all," smiled Clewdrop, feeling in his waistcoat-pocket, "I can give you one, without welkin(' yourself to death for a match." "By George, sir, if the trout don't rise to-day I'll go into the loch after them !" " An' he did it tee,' said the keeper, narrating the astounding feat of his madcap military master, who had been whipping Lochleven for several days in vain. "I was ti-yin' tee net a fish he had hooked, but it got aff. Then the captain—ulster on, an' hat, an' a'— • deleeberately jumpit in efteet. He didna get the troot, and we only got himsel' w' deeficulty." Another gentleman who frequents Lochleven has an estimate of sport hardly less remarkable than the captain's. Whenever he hooks a trout he hands his rod over to the boatman. Then, having lit a cigarette, he sits down to watch the minion doing what he seems to look upon as the drudgery work of angling. • A MAN, *lose countenance was homely enough to scare a Quaker, was lounging around a public house, when he was observed by a Yankee, who asked him if he had not met with an accident when he was young. "What do-you mean, you imper- . tinent scoundrel?" "Why, I didn't mean nothin', only you have got such an all-tired crooked mouth I thought as how you might a' fall'n in the brook when you was a you might your mother hung you up by the mouth to dry." • CALL a girl a chick, and she smiles; call a woman a hen, and she howls. Call a ydung woman a witch, and she is pleased; call an old woman a witch, and she is indignant. •Call a girl a kitten and she rather likes it: call a woman a cat, and she will hate you. Queer Srx. "Poor'!" remarked the wise concert-goer, as the accomplished but quiet performer of a piano solo was leaving the stage; "that fellow can't play. Why, he don't wriggle his body, nor throw oack - his head, nor stick out his tongue a bit." . • " Aesa now as I am about to press my good- nigh on your sweet I want to tell you test this is the happiest ammo t of my life," gush- ' remarked the Leo Avenue dude, us he stood -rarb,'s doerway, itubliug fast the !lamb- of Miss ...alit at, two o'cluek this eioreing. "And mine -,Thearaiured Lila, as .!i6 suppressed a yawn. •• Veer words fill Us your trustiii I , .j that prompts you to later them :—is is not •ee ?" " No. .uot test." •" Whet is it, esaest, anet tee happiest moinent . eeer life r 1.• Les loot 'it yoo w•iv, • : go to awt,L ,

A Or'g rrn mANKYND Sufferers from Gravel, Lumbago. Piles, Pain' i.t thr Back, Dropw. Wind and W.ter Complaints. Diseases ol Kidneys, Dladdcr, Urinary Organs, Stone, Meet, Strie ture. Sciatica, Rheumatism, and Gout, will find R punitive cure in Heldroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box. arni If not satisfied your money will he returned P, lee is ltd. Of all chemists, or post free for 12 stamps from Moir- Medical Hall, Cieckheaton, Yorks. Don't he put off. If you cannot get them write to the Proprietor, and a box wiU be %eat- cat post.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
"CAPITAL" CIiAT.

There is little doubt now as to the tactics which the Opposition will pursue on the Registration Bill. War to the last extremity will hardly suit their purpose, especially as on some points they may find themselves fighting against the interests of a large body of people whom the Government may succeed in enfranchising before the general election. They will therefore attack the bill not in the main prin- ciple but by a lateral movement, ard they will at tLe same time offer terms. lithe Government will consent to drop the plural voting clauses and to abandon the hsrd-and-last proposal for holding the elections on a Saturday—provisions which, it will be contended, have nothing to do with regis- tration—the purely registration provisions .are to receive a friendly consideration. That is to say, they are to be debated in Committee with due bre- vity,and the bill in the foim in which it passes the C.,mmons is to be safe for a second reading at all. evtnts in the Upper House. It is easy to see that thso Opposition will take their stand on much more ressonable ground if they adopt this plan than it they refuse even to consider the measure. On the other hand, it is needless to say that if the provi- sions referred to are abandoned the measure will Jose 1 four-fifths of its value in Lile eyes of the Liberal party, and I belie% e that nine out of ten of the st.p- porters or the Government would prefer to see the bill wrecked by the House of Lords than carried through in an emasculated form.

If it be true that Baron Hirsch recently enter- tained at the Savoy Hotel sixty guests who were worth an average a million each, it is just as well that the festivity (Ihl not take place 011 Budget night, otherwise the Chancellor of the Exchequer's proposed death duty of seven or eight per cent. on their possessions might not have been quite condu- cive to Komi appetite or healthy die.-stion. St iil, men who pay with a light heart,Xl,2oo for a single unifier may possibly bear with complacency the effect of heavy death duties on their heirs.

In any speculations that are made at present as to the prospects of the Government, heed must of course be paid to the threatened attitude of .the more extreme Welsh members, led by Mr. Lloyd George. It would appear from Mr. Cleorge's speech din Saturday that unless the Welsh Disestablishtnent Bill comes before the Evicted Tenants Bill and- the Scotch Grand Commiltre he intends to lend no as- sistance to the tiovernment. With regard to the Evicted Tenants Bill, nothing need be said; but politicians here are disposed to regard Mr. George's view as somewhat unreasonable, so tar the zcolch Committee is concerned. Only a few hours more art requirei for this proposal to be carried, and the effects of its adoption will, of course, be to make the way clearer than before for the Wei6ll Bills. Mr. George is personally very popular with all sec- tions of Mtuisterialists, and too much confidence is felt in his juogment to enable people to believe that he would be a party to destro3ing a Government pledged to carry through the very reform for whicit is is pleading. The latest rumour is that a Welsh Disestablishment Bill will be dealt with during the Hut umni ses&ion, Or ti at it will have the first place in the Ministerial programme fcr next year.

On all sides the news of the Attorney General's prt,motion to be Lord of Appeal in Ordinary has been receiv..d with great satisfaction. There is, it is ti ue, a feeling among Chancery barristers that it, would have been well if Lord Bowen's successor had been an equity lawyer. But the signal claims of Sir Charles Russell, both personally and politi- cally, to a seat in the supreme tribunal are ad- mitted on all hands ; and no doubt is felt by those who knew him and have practised before him in patent ewes that he will makr an extremely strong judge. Moreover, it is understood that in the et exit of the Lord Chief Justiceship becoming vacant while the present Government is in ffice Sir Charles Russell will accept the post, and will thus fin.t the judicial sphere for which he is perhops best fl ; ted. Sir John Rigby moves up to the Attorney Ueneralship, tan! I learn that Mr. R. T. Reid, Q C., will be appointed Solicitor General.

Mr. Watkins, of Piccadilly, has on•view a remark- ably fine collection of butteiflies, which compri,es many buttedlies rarely seen in the very best museums. Among them is a deep blue butterfly from the Solomon blends, not obtained without. the loss of human life. The first naturalists who attempted to find it were eaten by the natives, together with their spoil. Then there is a lovely buttetfly from a small island near New Guinea, Which is believed to be a nearly if not quite extinct species. More familiar butterflies are those which mimic leaves, and these are well represented. The queen of butteifLes, as it is called, may also be seen. It c,.tnes from Columbia, and is so dazzling in the radiancy of its colouring that it can hardly be look at in bright sunlight. An extremely rare butterfly is brought from the Gahoon river. A single specimen of thb butterfly cost a late collec- tor .E5OO, tve expenses incurred by a special colh•c- tor, who took two years to find it. Only two specimens, almost priceless in value, are known of the female of this buttei fly. The mothsare equally intert,sting in Mr. IVatKin's collection, and it certainly ought to be examined by any entomo- logist.

The past few days have considerably altered the a-pect of affairs in the real estate market. His- torical estates promise to make a record show. Such celebrated properties as Rodborough Manor, Glou- cestershire ; Cornbury, the, Oxfordshire seat of Lord Churchill ; Dud Clarendon, Wiltshire, whose his- torical interest dates back to tt.ear 1164, when the well-known Constitutions of Clarendon were 51211 ed, have come into the market. Su far, L)rd Ashburton's example in having his extensive ,Somersetshire estates offered in lots, so as to give his tenants an opportunity of acquiring the free- hold of their holdings, does not seem to have found many imitators. -

The Royal Botanical Society held its exhibition of spring flowers on Wedne:day in Regent's Park. he wew her was dull arid threatening, but never-' thelesS an immense crowd of fashionable people wade it difficult to move through the conservatories. Outside the band of the Ist Life Guards entertained the company with music. The great masses of colour were chiefly furnished by the azalias, which were in extraordinary beauty; and the roses were as lovely as they could be in June. A magnificent yellow alum was not only a curicsity . but also attracted universal admiration. The greatest curi- osity of the show was a jet, black iris—at least it was so nearly black that it was only on the closest examination that any tingle of colour could be seen. But experiments of this kind in floriculture cannot be commendee. We want beautiful flowers and not queer flowers, 'unless, indeed, they are • naturally queer, like pitcher plants.

Mr. Charles P. Smith, the secretary of the Guild- hall School of Music, who died on Wednesday, had held his position from the time the school was founded by the Corporation of London in 1880, when less than one hundred pupils were accom- modate:A in a disused warelnimse in Aldermanbury. It was largely due to his exertions and his clever business management that the institution grew to such proportions as to necessitate the t-rection of the present building on the Victoria Embankment, where the students now number close upon 3,500. On the death of the late Principal, he virtually undertook the direction of the school until to appointment of Sir Joseph Barnby. He was a general favourite with professors and pupils alike.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
A STRANGE WANDERER.

Moscow has just been visited by Antony the Wan- derer,' a pilgrim who strolls about the Russian dominions laden-with fifty pounds weight of iron cl,ains, and nn iron belt weighing another thirty pounds. Thus equipped, and barefoot—for, having given his boots and most of his clothes to a beggar thirty years ago, he made a vow to go barefoot thenceforth—and accQmpanied by a Sister of lititercy, who gave up wealth to join his pil- grimages, he has tramped all over the Ce; rwasus,Siberia, Central ASia, and Mongolia ; and now lw has come to Moscow to sun,rintend the casting ot a big bell tor Cronstadt Cathedral. He collects enormous sums of money, and devotes them t building churches and schools where there are none, and giving splendid pre- sents to existing churches.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
,fr 0 / 17 07eahhigi Yptudigizi. u

GIVE EASE & COMFORT DURING TEETHING. Pleas..nt, Cooling Aperient for Children of :11! Try them and prove their value lot yollrselves. Sold everywhere in packets, Is. Vd. and 2s. 9,1., or post free 14 or 34 stamps. J. PRITCHARD. CHEMIST. CHEADLE, MANCHESTER flattCharlicen ENO.).

===== 0002601_18940421_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER. SATURPAY. APRIL 21, 1894.

LADIES' LETTER.

MY 'DEAREST NELLIE,

A beautiful tea gown that has come tinder my notice is made of this crepon, with watteau back •coming from the little rosettes of crtSpon on the shoulders, where they are met by wide straps of cream guipure. These pass over the shoulder; and folded lengths of the crepon come from them and cross over in front, wrapping round the waist to tie behind as a sort of sash, edged with the narrowest guipure gimp. Full lace epaulettes. Oepon sleeves, bunched with strap of lace and rosettes of wide blue satin ribbon. B ‘nd and ruffles of guipure at the elbow. Ciepoa 0.3t.n0u all round the skirt.

Lace flounces, both narrow and wide, wit appear on summer gowns, and on new models sent to Nice accordion-pleated fl.)unces have bgured, and very deep flounces of lace put on excessively full, and on black gowns have been lined with colour. Any novelty introduced now will barely have time to become pane° before the end of the London Season.

A fashionable toque, which may be called either a hat or a bonnet, is fashioned from royal blue velvet, while the crown is ornamented with tiny gold braid worked into a pattern. A further scroll design in the same gimp is repeated round the edge, while exactly in the front is set a star-like orna- ment of osprey. A rosette of jet is arranged at the back of the toque to fasten the folds of velvet.

The plain nloth or tweed dress always counts its admirers by) the hundreds. A capital notion, which lends itself to a variety of waistcoats and shirts, is a short :xylich out to simulate a man's dress coat, with a tarn-down collar, rounded over the chest. This buttons nearly into the waist and Is completed by a plain skirt, and can be worn with a stiff-fronted white shirt, when it is eminently manly in its suggestiveness, with a soft lace bow and cravat, or with an acoordian-pleated silk blouse. It is unquestionably smart, while if you prefer a touch of the fanciful, such a result might be obtained by the addition of silk sleeves, moire offering itself at the moment with special persuasiveness.

A charming d-oss for a child of eight ttr twelve years is mato of nowiler-I,lue serge, arranged with frill pleats at bl.ck and front, and trimmed with the "everlasting " lace triretning, which is so cheap and yet so ppale,r. A vt..wlykeil insertion of this lace ornamtsuto th kirt, while the cuffs and yoke are tightly oovered wit. piece lace of the same descrlp• ion. The pretty puffed sleeves and shoulder-frill are all of the serge, while round the waist comes a two-inch band of black satin ribbon, which ficiiehes on either side of the front with rosettes, these tieing arranged to keep the pleats in place, a third one coining exactly in the centre. A tea jtekel; of zhot mauve and green moire which I have just son, has revers of cream guipure mounted on pi.le mauve satin, forming pointed epaulettes. Tae friat of the jacket is of black net, studded with iridescent s‘quins, and there is a lower sle.ive of Olio over mAnvo satin, the upper being a win of mob'e,swith guipuro, which is edged with black satin anti a narrow frin.e_of jet. Black satin ribbon hands come frcun beneath the arms, and elf at each .side with- rosettes and short ends.

The newest (trap ttl skirts all show a somewhat one sided arra:igen:out, uud this interferes with the outline, and nu teuianly detracts from the height. The most hauccning &dna of the draped order are thoso which are ein plain, and made in all respects as a pioin skirt, and then slightly raised on either side to reveal a few, inches of 'underskirt. By slightly sloping thn b..;ttom edge you can further accentuate this drapery. giving a round effect in the centre, a.] holiowin oat the drapery where it, is rKieed vit,her side, and it should then slope grad !tidily off, until at tlio back it is level with the found,tion. _ _ -

Yours lovingly, J EN NIL

Queen Victoria is in po.cses:=inn of a curious needle. It was made at the celebrated needle manufactory t Red- ditch. and represents the Trsjan column in miniatnre. Scenes frem the Qneen's life are depicted on the needle 90 finelv rtit that they are only discernible through a microscope.

OTTEY'S ITNLABEI LED STROYG FFMALE PILLS. These noted Fifl always rtrreve all obstructions eris'ng from an" crose whatever w. ure nreinary She! snd Pent,y- royal Pith fail. Inwrinrh'e to inn-Tied v r filer . POI t flee

undr rover fnr 10 14, and 31 strrnpa, from THOMAS OTTEY. Chemist. 1ME.7014-01c-1113 I. nem mention tbiepeper

~.,...,, 0 w N ..,....,,,,,,.;..,., k ( ‘ II ,1 6. . f'4 . 4 111 1 I ' 1 I 1 l 1/ , I i / I 1 ,ii,i ill i i .J PI ~,,• I'l .1# I. .:: o .1I 11 I ',-, le i , ig, 0 ki ~..,„lii. •,- ..; ~• 4I P 1 i[l t ' d "

.c:\111 / . 4,1 . ill /i t - • i s\ c ifr,„, ~ . „..,.. e_ ~... ~,.,. t„... , „,,,\ .... , ~,..„, „... ;,:f .1....,.......pi1i , ' ? ......,„,,A-....'...k.i.......,.., I, t 5 .4,'"-;0 d ' ! rt-• ~..- ''''',f . ,/ ''',".• ' . ,- • ~,f, fit 4. . I .. ------=-= (, ....._._ 11•0. ..... / *.''',l.'"•-•'.."- . 1 '1 :. I i 1 v , I / I

~. ....7,- , . ... . • - 1 '..!,', ti, ,'''' ;. . • :0", li .4, ,: • ;,' . 4 , ' -4,f,' ''' • . ' , vr, - \---r ~ - -',.' .;., • : )::\;,\.i .‘, \ ,' ,' ...v. - . ' : ~i Ye- .*:.• IL., •„' .-",,,`, - • .........- ~ . I , .je V. .

===== 0002601_18940421_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
There is a woman in Sitka known as Princess Tom, who is very rich. She at one time had three husbands, but has becobne Christianised, and has discharged two. She is an extensive trader, is known all over Alaska.and wears upon her arm thirty gold bracelets, made out of twents-dollar 2old pieces. Mr. °vow Wade, the sculptor, says that to make one perfect pair of arms for his Aphrodite he had to take five snodek, and select the best points in the arms of each to make up a composite model. The most grace- fully-roundea arms, Mr. Wade says, are to be found in working women—i.e., women Who do household work. The 'Comte de Montesqureu, a rich and eccentric Frencb nobleman, lives in the neighbourhood of Paris in a show place, especially remarkable for the dining-room, which contains a winter-garden. Walkimg about among the plants are a great number of small live Venetian turtles, Variously enanrilled, and encrusted with preci- ous stones.

The Queen is sometimes rather shaky in her spelling. When she is in doubt she writes the word so illegibly that the possible ixistake is hidden. Princess Beatrice clotiely follows all the topical songs, and alter dinner w. Balmoral the Queen frequently listens to a medley of popular airs played by the Princess. who in all theatrical matters is thoroughly up to date. Miss Ellen Terry has attained a new dignity. She is a grandmother. Ber son Mr. Gordon Craig, who was a little boy at the Lyceum only the other day, has raised her to this honourable estate. The playgoers who will behold her again at the Lyceum will scarcely credit the news. Time lays a light hand on sonic popular favourites. Sarah Bernhardt his been a grand- mother for some years, but most people have for- gotten it. Lady Colin Campbell lives permanently in London where, at Carlisle Mansions, she lives in au atmospherit of art and luxury. She is a highly-cultivated woman, with a passion for pictures, and is herself a competent critic of a canvas. Possessed of a fine presence and a sweet voice, she makes an attractive lecturer, and creates ai, impression at all her public appearances.- Her house at Carlisle Mansions is what a society patagraphist would term a "dream," with its artistic internal ar- rangements and bric-a-brac.

A Lady Novelist. Miss Beatrice Herraden, the authoress of the now famous Snips that Pass iii the Night." was born says the " Gentlewoman" in 1864. Her father, the authority on music, wag the sternest critic of all her literary work. Miss Harraden received the fint part of her education at-Dresden, arid afterwards took aB A. degree in classics and meth ciliates at the London Uni- versity. Miss Harraden dislikes the typewriter. "hips that Pass in the Night " -was, therefore, written with the greatest difficulty, -sometimes with the r ght arid sometimes with the left hand, hut she never re-wrote a page. Her NS. is as neat and fine as Charlotte Bronte's though there is something in the actual handwriting, and in certain tricks of punctuation, that remind one irresistibly of George Eliot. It was a significant sign of the times, that the same week that she received a mes- sage of kinnest encouragement and appreciation from one of the two greatest dignitaries of toe Church of Eng- land, her blok Was preached against by a local curate under the misleading title ef " A Doctrine of Despair"

===== 0002601_18940421_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
Education of Girls.

The great. defect in most schools for gir's is the utter neglect of phrtical education; whereas it should have prior claim to their intellectual education, if there NZ$ any difference made at all. 14 e need, says "Cassell' 80.. k of Health," strong healthy, vigorous women, and not fragile, fainting, insipid creatures; and yet no attempt is made to produce them during the only years in which they can be produced—viz., their active years of growth and development ; their exercise usually consists only of a stately walk in the street, weather permitting; dancing calisthenics, and deportment once a week; sometimes lawn tennis. Such neglect should not be. It seems to me the very way to produce girls who are useless as companions, wives who live on a sofa. and mothers who are unfit for tot-4r duties. Besides, if greater pains were ta,ken to make vigorous bodies, we should have more vigorous brains, so that a double gain would result. Another pint is the neglect, as a rule— happily not without exceptions—of the morning cold bath for girls ; and yet there is nothing that so tends to create health awl strength, to say nothing of ch anliness. What is provided instead ? A warm bath once a week. It must not be forgotten that girls are naturally rn r Subject than boys to nurvous excitement; which, could be kept more under control by a better physical develop- ment. Because of teis nervous condition, I think com- peti ive examinattons for girls, as a ruled are bad. Witness the terrible breakdoans the physician so often sees resulting. If this age be one in which young people cannot live unless they are-competing,, let us err on the right side, and let our English girls be taught to excel in very womanly exercise, in preference to nervous excitemeet and a preternatural devel)pment of the emotions. But why are our girls what they are? Some of them nothing but nerves, others nothing but emo- tii ins. others ready to faint on any or without any pro- v, cation. they are simply suffering from thsir faulty eciunation, their narrow mode of lite, and their prepos- ter ,us nineteenth century dress. We want more muscles and less nerves in our girls, it we are to have them healthy and vigorous.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
BOYS ON BATTLE-FIELDS.

" I suppose," remarked a " Chums" representative to Mr. Frederiek Villiers, the famous war Correepoodent "eon have seen boys on some battle-fields." "Yes," he eplied. " Here-s one incident your readers may be interested in. At Tel-el Kohir the outer trenches hact just been taken, and the storm of battle had swept over into the inner works. Then I sew a solitary drummer- boy, who looked to me not more than sixteen, standire; hy the side of two bodies.. One was already dead, shot through theelphre. I could tell that by the curvature of his back: He was O'Neill, colour-sergeant of the 42nd Highlanders. By his sire lay poor Graham-Sterling, stilt alive, but fast passing away. Tee pathetic attitude of lw drumm-r-b y looking ot the cemmissioned officer aid the dead sergeant suggested to me a sketch. I corn- in, need my work, woen the drummer-boy, seeing me, and thinning, no doubt, that it was an indelicate action on my part, took a terriekerehiet from his officer's breast an put it over his face. No doubt my aetion .was inuelioate ; but then I was a war artist." 1' Can you tell we of-any other boy who you Iteew in the war?" Mr. Villisrs thought a few msments, and then he said— " DUritig the march across the ,desert with Sir Berber S iwarl ,I took a little polo pony, thinking it would be ot. service to me when we got into the wady round about Khartoum." " Wady is ?"—I asked. " Arable land." lie reelied ; and then went on "It was a severe ta,k for ant- horse to go across the desert, but I thought if I had a very light servant to ride him, he might be able to cross, and thus to survive. So I got a little Arab [sly, alsiut tv..elve or thirteen ys ats old, to look after the pony. 'lbis little pony in this desert march of the two tnousand under Stewart, was quite familiar, under the guidance of my Arab boy, with the blue-jackets and Tummy A king. My identity became. altogether sunk in the pony and the Arab boy, 1 was fairly out at it. It was, Here comes the "Graphic" and 'There goes thee " Graphic " when ^ver my boy scooted along on the left or right Bank of the column. My boy and I nursed that polo pony through man difficulties, and many a time he was nearly thee death of both of us, but we stuck to the piny." "What was the boy's name ?" tasked, curiosity getting the better of m-, sad interrupting Mr. " He never had a name," replied Mr. Villiers gravely. "except the Graphic. The troops christened him that, and he was always known by it.

Tii Manehe.ter Liberal Union has received an intima- tion lr.tn Lord ROsehery that he will address a public meeting in St. James's Hail, Manchester, on Wednesday, Ma) 2nt.t.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
DESECRATLON OF NATURE.

Although the flomocea Go. have had one of the greatest schemes in rural advertising put betore them, they have declined to entertain it on account of the widespread di4tust existing in the minds of all who love their woods, Cities, fields, streams, rocks and hills in the glory of their natural beauties, undefiled by the modern billposter. They ([he Homocea Co.), are content with !lie legitimate channel of the Press, and by Pamphlets containing Testimonials. They can point to cures, far more convincing than mere assertion. TESTIMONIAL FROBI BISHOP TAYLOR.

11101( BARNET. My dear old Friend,—l distributed a variety of your remedies among afflicted natives, and among issionaries in Sierra Leone, Liberia, Coast of Guinea, Congo Country, and Angola. South of Congo, I have not been over tho:se difforent ,ind distant fields since, and hive no definite information in regard to their curative power. 1 havu used HOSIOCEA and have proved its healing virtue bath for severe bruises and flesh wounds, and also to kill the virus of mii6quitoes and chiggoes (jiggers). Yours very truly, (ltislion) WM. TAYLOR. American Methodist Episcopal Mission.

• LORD GARRICK says flosincEt curd him of bleed- ing piles, when all else failed; that he gave some to a labourer who was lamed by a stone falling upon him, Whom it cured. A woman had a pain in the elbow and could not bend it for a year, and it cured her, and ann lu-r used it. for scurvy on her leg, and it was doing her good—orw letter closes from him with the words, "It is the most wonderful stuff that I ever came across." Remember that HOMOCEA subdues inflammation and allays irritation a'most as soon as applied for it

===== 0002601_18940421_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
" TOCCHES,TI-4E SPOT."

All wholesale houses stock llomocEe. It can be obi a.ned from Chemists and ot%ters .t is. li). or 2.. 9.1. per box, or will be sent by post for is. 3.1. and 3.. from the wholesale agency, 21, Semilt..n Square, Birkenhead. Sold in the neighbourhuod by J. R YOUNG. SANKEY- STUERT. WARRINGTON • by the executors of the late I-4AAC SPEAKMAN, iiRIDOR-STRRW7 PHARMACY. Rutz- CORN; and by E. BOOTh, S ~HEbTER BRIDGE, CRIME. (1)

THE DOUBLE LIFE; Ou, THE HAMPTON MYSTERY.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
By the Author of " DARIEWOOD."

CHAPTER IL VIE BEGINNING OF A GAME OF WITS. All's to be feared where all is to be lost! BYRON. _

It was still early evening when the Lady Bea- trice, in her humble disguibe, slowly approached Hampton House. The street was dark, save for the fitful glimmer of the gas lamps, and few people were abroad. The Lady Beatrice, with the caution that had become second nature to her, kept up the character she had assumed of an infirm old coun- trywoman, and while she walked seemingly with an Obit, she swept, out of the depths of her poke bonnet, swift and keen glances. The drawing-rooms of Hampton House wera lighted and the curtains partially drawn.. No face appeared at the windows. The area door was deserted. No wayfarer appeAred on that side of the street. But, over the way, a man was care- lessly lounging against a lamp-post, apparently awaiting the coming of a friend. This man was Rush, the detective. _ . .

The Lady Beatrice prolonged the glances she had bes•towed upon him. On the alert, full of apprehension and suspicion, she regarded him nar- rowly, but saw nothing- in his quiet attitude to arouse her alarm.

"I am too suspicious," she thought, as she labo- riously descended the area steps. "But how easy and simple a matter it would be for some of my enemies to set a detective on my track Pshaw ! 1. have thought the same thing all these years, and my fears have been groundless !" She knocked at the area door, and at the same moment it was opened by her tiring-woman, who nad been on the watch for her coming. "Come in, dear aunt,' said Mrs. Fleck, loudly, giving her arm to her pretended relative. "The ervants are mostly out. Come right up to my room, poor dear, soul, and get warm." The two proceeded to the apartment of Mrs. Fleck, meeting no one on the way. The tiring woman secured her doors, and 'then flung open .the way of entrance into her mistress's-chambers.

The brilliant lights and fire made the sumptu- ous rooms seem a fairy realm. The Lady Beatrice passed into her dress.ng- room and flung off her dingy outer garments and hideous bonnet, warming her hands over the cheery blaze Of the fire. "1 left them well at The Evergreens, Mary," alie said, sighing. " Meggy sent you her love. You must, go down on Sunday for a holiday.. Jr here any news for me? Has anything happened :tiring my absence? Is my father well." " Yes, my lady," declared the woman, with an aneasy glanee at the door, upon which a new ,iad been placed that day. "My lord is well. ~omething has happened." Yfie aan's tone startled her rnistrr. 4..aizty Be. trice turned and regarded her with a vieildet in , frightened look. " What is it ? "she demanded. " Speak, Mary " Last .night," replied the woman. :4;na•wii, reluctantly, " a coal snapped out from this ga upon the rug. It burned there; filling the roore with smoke. The servants raised :the cry of tire. Lord Ilampton and Lord 'Adlov,e disinLeed 1.1 e servants aud rushed up-stairs. They .Lruhe the door in--" •

" Well?" said the Lady Beatrice, her eyes I)nrninglike,two fiery stars in the midst of her white face.: " They discovered my a,1,40ce?" " Yes, my lady. , illy lord made some excuse to Lord Adlowe, th) that he would suspect nothin, amiss, but this moridinr. his lord.ship, your Label-, sent tor MC to the lihrary and offered me a hun- dred pounds if I would betray your Secret—for lie said he knew you had one. I pretended total ignorance my lady, and lie dismissed Inc at last in high displeasure. He knows you did not sletp here last night, for he Callle up this nturnfogan replaced with his Mil hands the lc!: that was broken last evening. The servants suspect noth- ing wrung, but my lord does, and so dues Lord Adlowe." .

"Miserable fatality " said the Lady Beatrice, in agitation. "My father's pride will induce him to conceal his discovery. But Lord Adlowe is un- safe, treacherous, and my- enemy, notwithstanu- Mg his pretensions -of love for Me. That he, all men, should have obtained this clew to my se- cret 1 I feel as if I were in danger—l and t1.0:A3 'leaver tq me than my own soul !" She wrung, her slender, white hands in the in- tensity of her emotion. . "1 felt last ni,vht', after the alarm of fire, as if there was trouble before us," said the women, gloomily. "I was in the inner room at the time. Aft.er -my lord had secured the door and had gene downstairs, I came in here and sat by the tire a long time, and then I arose to put away your dresses and jewels, and laid-out your toilet for t„,. night. At last, hours after, Lord Adlowe went away, I went to the v.indows of yezir bulythip s boudoir, and I looked down !- to thes tit et. I was that nervous, my lady, that when •I saw a man lounging opposite, waiting for somedody, I fan- cied him a spy on your ladyship. You know that you have alwa)s dreaded spies, my lady, and have often said it wa ithely SOU e One might take a fancy to match you. I looked at the man a long time, but he finally went away without meeting any one." • "Describe the man, Mary " - "He looked like a swell, my lady, who had been to some party' in the neighbourhood." "It is the same ! " ejaculated her ladyship. "He is over the. way now. Lord Adlowe Las sat him on my track. Lord Adlowe has hired him to watch for my return. Look out of the window, Mary, and see if he is still there."

Tile' woman hasienediniii-e adjoining room, and speedily 'returned with the announcement that he was passing slowly up and down the pave mcnt.

"lie raw me come in, but lam sure be took me to be nothing more than I appearo'," said the Lady Beatrice. "He will watch for the old woman's re-appearance. Should he see her no more, he might suspect my disguise. Now, Mary, you must help me to Outwit this detective or spy. Dress yourself quickly in these old get limits. Put them on over your own." She lustily removed her humble attire, stripping oil the scanty dress in feverish haste. The tiring- womitn, without a word of questioning, put on the entire suit over her own dress, the large cloak con- cealing her greater amplitude of figure. " Pull the bonnet over your face, Mary, and lower your veil," said the Lady Beatrice. You must carry yourself and walk just as I did, but that will be easy enough, since you taught me how to act the part yourself. Go out at the area door. Return in half an ,hour in your own proper cos- tume as Mary neck. You had better take your hood and Cloak under your arm. No one will sus- speet our ruse, and we sh'all InNe outwitted this detective !" •

She gave a Minh or two to the woman's dress, and pronounced her an able representative of her- self in her late disguise. Then, having donned a white cashmere wrapper, she let her faithful attendant out into the hall, and hastened to the front windows to watch her departure. The detective was still pacing leisurely to and fro. Now and then he looked around him with an attentive air, as if wondering why somt expected friend did net come. His chief occupation seemed to be in smoking a cigar, and the lurid spark at its end revealed his position to the watchful Lady Beatrice whenever he retreated into the dense shadows Leyond the circle illumined by the gas lamps. Presently the area door of Hampton House opened, and the same old woman, apparently, who had passed in a little while before, climbed up in- to the gloomy street, and hobbled away, with an exact imitation of the Lady Beatrice's assumed painful walk. Rush Lent forward ard looked at the woman narrow ly as ebe walked under the gaslight, but his scrutiny satisfied him that the wcznan was the same that had recently passed in, and that she wasi hy no means the object of his espionage. "Yes," said the Lady Beatrice, peering out from between her shutters, "the man is a detective. Adlowe has hired him, thinking to discover where I spent last evening, ana what my secret is. He wanted to get some hold upon me. He certainly can have no actual suspicion of the cause of my absence—no actual suspicion that Geoffrey Tie- velyair lives. You are outwitted, Mr. Detective— outwitted, Lord Adlowe ! "

With a light, mocking laugh, which belonged entirely to her character of the Lady Beatrice Hampton, she closed the shutters, returned to the dreming•room, and proceeded with her toilet. " Letine see," she mused. " This is the night of Lady Derwent's ball. I will dress for it now, and then go down and talk with my father. He may have something to say to me concerning 'his discovery last night.' The tiring woman had made the task of dress- In in uot ext,icle utl:esuary

lii I;

ease, an,, catikets stot:d °Fen, the gold mountings ot the forraer and the cetAly contents of the latter glittuting, sparkling and shimmering in the !4low iog Her lh ship Btood before her long mirrors, in theit fr..ra:2s of carved ivory, anti brushed out the dusky len,!ths of her perfumed eir. Then she plaited ant i gathered it•into a. complicated arrange- ment, after the fushion of to-day—a fashion in whhh.he never indulged at The Evergreens. She ti,(ll hod herself in he; evening robes—an amber satin dress, . with au ,overdress of point !ace— and ati,rned her Itztir, her neck, her arms and her waist with the priceless' InurPtim dia- !wools.

Tons et/ nipped, mid with her jewelled•fan in her hand, ::he :.teppeil back from her rnifi.or the Lady Beatin.% lianipicn again, cold and lialiblity as an ieebc r'. She had put on her society character with her society robes. and resolutely banished the softer graces, the sunny. manner, and the tender smiles ttiat lAonged to the Countess of Arevalo. . -he -ha :1 scarcely tinned from her .gl:ttering re- flection, when the ,Moro the inner chamber opened and M Lry Fleck, in iier proper dress, and with a satisfied manner, entered her piesenee. " right, my lady," she said. "I walked to a safe distance, and took off my disguiae in an alley-way. I came bacik with it under my arm, and that spy down there don't suspect that I am the old woman that went. out.

" Thank you, IVlary, my faithful foster-sister," said the Lady Beatrice, warmly. " I shall know how to reward your_devothm to me."

" The oniy rjward 1 desire," returned the tiring woman, with the fervor of truth, " is to see your ladyship free to acknowledge the one you love ; to see your petty children recognised by the world as yours. What would my lord the earl say to our highsprlted, noble-hearteo Muster Rupert? What would be say to our beautiful and sweet- Lady Girabla ? What would he say to our gentle, lovely Master Fay ? •' "Bush, Mary!" said the Lady Beatrice. "Do not bre,the those names within these- walls ! I tremble let one evil wind should catch the sound and beat it to my. father's ears." _ _

She clasped the hand, of her faithful servitress, an I then turned to quit the rooms. "Stay in my rooms while I am cone. Marv." she stirl, pausing at the threshold. "Keep the doors lock e, , as usual, until my return." She too', her opera clock and hood on her arm an,l qui the apartment, descending the stairs to the di awing-room. Lord flampton, in full evening dress, sat alone by the pleasant hearth. He was the picture of gkoin and desolation, looking like one upon whom a. great trouble was pressing heavily. He started up, his countenance lightening as his . du uz;hter swept into his presence. Even in his anger and grief he could not but re- mark to himself how royally beautiful she was. No fairer vision ever greeted a proud father's gaze. Superb, haughty, and impassive, with a rare dignity. that would have befitted 'a queen, there was nothing overbearing or supercillious in the Lady Beatree. While her heart seemed as cold as Arctic snows, her glorious eyes beamed with a• keen and active intelligence, and her haughtiness was 'tempered with a sweet courtesy, which was as grateful as a soft south wind in winter. With her queenly attire setting off her glittering beauty, the Lady lieatrice was m magnificent representation of an ideal Cleopatra. It seemed impossible, looking at her now, that those st!a riot lips should ever have been curved, in surny smiles, that those radiant eyes should ever have glowed with tenderness and love. It seemed impossible that she could be the home angel of l'he Evergreens. She inclined her head in a s'ately courtesy to her gra y- haii ed father, who returned her salutation gravely, even coldly. _ ._ _

"Sit 'down, Beat-rice," he said, indicating a chair near his own. "You are dressed for Lady Der- vent's, I see. We will not need to go for three hours yet. We will have a frank talk together." The Ludy Beatrice tossed her white opera wrap- plugs up ,n a sofa, and accepted the proffered chair. ‘Vell, my father," she said, after a pause, as the earl resumed his seat and sank into silence. "You wished to speak to me of Lord Adlowe, ?"

. . no, Beatrice; it is of yourself I would !.. cried the earl, impetuously. "I talked with you last evening, but you put me off with idle words. You are living a monstrous mystery under my own eyes! What does it all mean? As your Lai, er, I command you to answer me 1" The Lady Beatrice feigned a cold surprise. "You sp,nk in riddh-s, papa," she said, quietly. " u understand me, Beatrice. You know wli at I mean. Last night a cry of fire was raised. [he smoke issued from your chamber. Adlowe and .1 burst in your door. I expected to find you drugged with opium, or—or worse!" and the earl's passionate tones trembled, and his pale face Unshed. "But the reality was worse than my anticipations. I found you—gone P' "Well, what of that, papa ?" asked the Lady Beatrice, speaking likely. You speak as if my absence had been a frightful calamity." The earl looked at her searchingly. " You do not see what a revelation it was to me, Beatrice," he said, striving to speak more calmly. " I fund your jewels heaped together, your dress on your closet floor. I knew that, in your absence of lalt night, I had learned the secret you have so jealously guarded all these years. Your mysterious seclusions have been simply the cover of similar absences. While I have thought of you as possibly the prey of a debasing habit, you have been away from the shelter of my roof—l know not where ; I know not with whom. This mystery is appalling —is disgraceful !" "Hush, father I" said the Lady Beatrice, with an imperious gesture. "Do not, link the word disgrace with the name Beatrice Hampton I" Her kindling cheeks and, flashing eyes warned the earl that such a coupling would be an insult undeserved by his daughter. Puzzled and bewildered, he wrung his hands helplessly. "What am I to think ?!' he (tried, his anger yielding to grief. "I know I have never been a demonstrative father, Beatrice; but I have loved you as few fathers love their children. I never taught you to confide in me. You lost your mother early. The') came your cruel lesson learned from that villian Geoffrey Trevelyan, whose ashes I could curse when I look upon you.. Beatrice, have you no heart? Does my anguish stir no chord in your soul? I pray Heaven that, should you ever marry, and should children be born to you, that they may love you more than my child loves me." _ _

The Lady Beatrice turned he face beyond the power of his tearful gaze. Her statuesque figure drooped a little. " Father " she said, in a tone softer than he had ever heard her employ before, "as you say, you were never a demonstrative father. You -never used to caress me or tell me that you loved me. I knew that you were 'proud of me. I loved you, father. I love you now, very dearly, very. ten- derly. But the affair you spoke of just now seemed to have changed my whole nature. I loved Geoffrey Trevelyan. Our betrothal had your heatry appro- bation. You desired more than all things else to link the fortunes of Hampton and Trevelyan. Had Geoffrey not died in South America, but lived to return to England, you might to-day have seen your daughter a happy wife, and have gathered your grandchildren around your knees." "Never 1" said the earl, violently. "I would recognise no grandchild in whose veins flowed the blood of that midnight assassin and robber, Geoffrey Trevelyan. Not even if Lord Trevelyan had forgiven his vile nephew would I have trusted your happiness to him, or linked our proud name to his infamous one. Thank heaven, he died, Beatrice 1 I heard Lord Trevelyan say, not long since, that if his degenerate nephew, by some strange Providence; still existed, as Lord Adlowe has once or twice fancied possible, he would employ every detective on the police force to hunt(llirn out and bring him to a rightful punishment. I declare to you, Beatrice' I sym- pathise with the miserly marquis in that senti- ment. I womd assist him in as search for Geoffrey Trevelyan should he chance to live. But this is wild talk," he added. "Happily, Geoffrey is dead."

"Yet you loved Geoffrey once," said the Lady Beatrice, in a subdued One. "One would think, father, that Lord Trevelyan would want to screen iieoffrey, instead of delivering him up to the law. Geoffrey was his brother's son, his own heir-ap- parent, the bearer of his mime. Geoffrey's disgrace would be a family disgrace." "No one would b:arne the uncle for his nephew's crime," said the earl briefly. "The marqui6 rightly loathes his nephew. I consider that, if Geoffrey had lived Lord Trevelyan would have been justified in any act to prevent Geoffrey's in heriting his titles and fortunes. The disgrace of his living would be worse than any disgrace oi merited punishment." " It is as well thftt Geoffrey is dead,' said Lady fiet4ritict, with a alsvca-, "-11441. 11%;

L.., Leturn, you would have h low op to his enemies, had they failed to discover him. Poor Geoffrey! I loved him, papa. You enct.ur- aged that love. You turned from him in his troubles. My heart is with him now. My poor Geoffucy ! " " We will talk no more of him," said the earl. "It is strange how in our private talks thC name of Geoffrey Trevclyan always creeps in. . The fortunes of Treyelyan and Hampton will be united when you marry Lord Adiowe. And that brings us back to my discovery of last evening. Awain, Beatrice, as your father I command, nay, I.entreat yon to confide to me your secret." . The Lady Beatrice shivered again, as with cold, and stretched her white, jewelled hands to the red

"Father," she said, calmly, after a long silence, "you do not act the part of a wise man in judging of my seclusions by my absence of last evening. Because I was absent once, it does not follow that am always absent when my doors are locked, I confess that I was out last evening, but you should have had sufficient confidence in y6ur daughter to believe and trust in her honour and wisdom. lam no child, that my goings and comings should 'be questioned." "But the mystery, Beatrice ?" cried her father, in a tone of anguish. "Since you force me%to confess my where- abouts.," exclaimed the Lady Beatrice, a scarlet dow burning on either white cheek, "I will tell you. I was disgustsat with myself, with Adlowe, with the world I I went upstairs, changed my dress and hurried out for a walk. I weut where I have been before," and her proud voice faltered, 'to visit an obscure family to whom my presence brinzs sunlight and happiness. Shall I give you a dst of my charities, father?"

rhe gloom cleared from the earl's face, and all traces of his an.er vanished. "No, no, Beatrice," he said, heartily. "You never told a falsehood in your life. I would stake my honour on your truthfulness. I believe that last night you visited some poor people. But why were you gone all night? Why were you absent all day ? ' _

"I -stopped with friends." "I did not see you come in, Beatrice. I have watched for you all day," said the earl, gravely. "You still dititrust me, then? Be it so, father," cried the Lady Beatrice, a passionate .tremor un clerlying her cold tones, as tire might underlie ice. "If I sin to give an account of my every action, I may as well sink into my dotage at once. If one is not competent to be trusted with 'one's self at four and thirty, one had better be in an asylum for imbeciles."

Tiie.shadow returned to Lord lainpton's coun- tenance.

"I shall interfere with you no more, Beatrice," he said, coldly, "so long as you consent to rna,rry Lord Adluwe. Cherish your sect es and your mysteries: I Shall close my eyes to them. You have erected an icy barrier between yourself and your father. If it is ever remoYed it must be by your hand, not mine. As you do not care for my opinion you will not be grievedto hear that I cling to my original idea—that you are a ,slave to some drug or liquor." ite looked searchingly at danghtcr, P.md marked the red tide that swept,np to her cheeks. " Think what you will, father, said the Lady Beatrice "but henceforth let there be silence be- tween us on this -subject. As to Lord Aldowe, I will give him his answer when he, shall ask for it. One word more, father," she added,. with solemn, earnestness: "You shall never have occasion to blush for me. I will be a true and faithful daugh- ter to you. I will love you and cherish you—but let the mystery of my life remain forever sealed to you. Forget that there is one., Remember only that I am an honourable woman.

Eer manner was even more impressive than km words.

Lord Hampton saw that the conversation was closed. He did not venture to, reopen it. With a strangely burdened heart he sat by hid fire:Ade in silence till the hour arrived fur their departure for the

The Lady Beatrice Hampton was the gaYest of the gay that night. Her crown as belle and beauty received new laurels. She had never been wittier, or apparently more joyous. Her father, looking at her now and then, re terated to himself his assertion that she had no heart. Her suitors and admirers shared the earl's sentiments, and talked among themselves of the "Hampton Sphinx," and the "Beautiful Mystery." . Little did they dream where was her heart, even in that gay hour I Little did they &caul of the accret hidden in her soul (To be ton(inued).

"pA, what is a perquisite ?" "Ai authorised theft, My son."

,yot. -s.iu a lawyer to.m,, an old darky, who wa.„; "we ought to be thie to prove- anuh.' " • :.•in't 'specs we kin,' the dat-ky iopdc, tiou6tfuliy. "At wont time was the lueiS.ll?' " 'liout o cock, cley‘ say." "u, Wilere were yeti be- tween 11 o'enx...,, and inUino,t ;in b • No, saii ; I wall hieu' de ham."--.. ew York Sirit. A uou.NTILY recton. complained to Dr. Routh that he had received only live pounus for preael:ing certain sermon at Oxford, " Five powni, snid the c.octer ; "why, .1. wouicin z Lave imeoc.ict: that sermon for fifty 1" "FANNY you should not; beat your dull wlth that heavy stick. You wid tiie m tue tuwttet ;:onic out of it," said a • Texa3- motner •to Ater ;ittle wno had placed her 0011-on t..e ground cud wan beiabouring it with a base ball bat. ".1. don't care if all the t.:anyclust• does c‘.Ane out of her," rei;hed le.amy ; "I don't ;vont 'people to 1.-;ay tlutt my children turned out bad because I hinuoared them too much:",

" Y Es, stranger," said a passenger from Texas, " I'm goin' down East on an 111,1)01'1am, errand. Don't Mimi telling you that I'm gnin to be married. You can imagine how good-natured and , jolly I feel." " Yes, but don't you feel a littie anxiety, a little trepidation about taking such an important step in life ? " "Nary a trep, stranger." "nave you ever, been married before ?" No,. but I've been in one fight with Injims, two scrimmages with cowboys, an' went through four cyclones. km no chiukeu. .

THE PLAGUE OF LIFE

,

A "Little Cough." THE ItsUIN OF HEALTH: A" Little Cough. THE FORERUNNER OF DEATH: A "Little Cough." Which may be CURED now by the IMMEVIATE USE o .H ALL'S • FOR lI‘FLUENZA, Li I ONG 1? ESTORER _IL Registered AND AoLL 11l EST LUNG AND TN ROAT ESTOR ER CON; PLA NTS. lii Never Fails. ItPOSiISEST E POWER 1 UNG to sool Hp: RELIEVE and HEAL. exi in no RESTORER hich sts pre aration. LUN G FOR COUGHS on COLDS. RESTONeRE Never 11Fails. It NEVE F 'Li to GIVE IN:STANT RELIEF. LUN" - RESTORER THE VI RS P DOSE IS A SOOTHING PRE- UM; LUDE TO THE CURE. 1.4 'RESTORER INDUcI4I,4 SLEEP Cairn and Refreshing. .L" " DOFS NOT CONTAIN RESTORER LAUD %NEAL OPIUM, or Never Fails , y uNci 14 Fon, w 1100PLNG R „STORER COUGH, UN G _ITAC rs LIKE A CHARM. ' I-4 ESTOR E R Childr n like it. IL Never Fails. ONE 131 BOTTLE. HALL'S 29. U 1-? EsTOR E R pirovmq ITS VALUE. 1.4 , t Registered ESTABLISHED 0 YEARS. GIVES INSTANT NEVER NEVER IIELIEF. FM LS. LS. FAILS.

. 1

EXTRACT FROM LETTER oF WITNE'S BEARER:—

Mrs. M. A. t,,ml,b, Orphan Hilt,. or Girls, Croydon. To Mr 'lllO4. Ft ' /EAR S R, I ant pie ise(l to tt-stify to the great benefit .erivet I fro o he use of your LITh.I.G HES.I.4)IINIf. wl Loh I have ,iven to s %%end ishiltiren 10 my Horne—ht tt.o cases ;milieu!: rlv its vffeots were marvel - lons. haying cured most obstAtt.tte,'ough•- I shall he pleased to ii commeno it to all my fri oils."

UTlON.—When you sk for a Bottl. of HALL'S Li M itßSTOlif It. don't be pe s evict t' acept agythigi else. Hi tm the mnalde wrap •r of ev,ry aequine Bottle ;Tr to-- my Taarie 'dart. (the flgore ..f th•PE) rind Signature. Bews,:e of tratninleot imitations an,- immo v Woos. So,rl by theinkts and zit,tes ev rywo..ro. in Bottle?, 1' Id. an 2s. St. zilannid tnt.r 1:a any 4ifficalt9 ID obiainive. it will b... sent cnrriage pt 4 on receipt of 11.0.0. tor tile tmoutit l'om Tat), WILL 3. Queou ViOtor tar, t Lonoon. E C.

*MN

.' .. .. ',-, ~.,.:77,''; ~..,',.. ,;;.;‘:.fi.,:0,,77:.'....'.:..,-_.x..

:' •

===== 0002601_18940421_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
WHY HESITATE?

Many hesitate employing curative agencies because *Positive proof as to the value of these agencies is not easily obtainat le. So much has been said, written and claimed for the Virtue of Warner's Safe Cute in diseases of the Liver and EidneN s and their developements, such as Indi- gestion, Headaches, General Debility, and Bronchial troubles, we have collectati and annex a few names from the many thousands in England ix ho can guarantee the value of this medicine from experience, and all doubt will be removed by writing or apply- ing to rine or mos, of the following persons : Rev, J.W. Pere:islets. Barcies'ey Green, Birmingham. Rev. C G. Squ,rr .11. :0-mlton-under-Posse. y• Rev. J. Ca I,4right, Jottetion Itoa I. •-ndover, Hants. Rev. J. Stacey. t .igh S. reet, ntirford. Oxon. Prof. J. P Aran 1, Wargrave, Henley on-Thames. Peter eliallhs. 8, Fern rialto Villas. Bassingstroke. Albert Goble. 36. Bro.dw,ter Down. Tunbridge wells. J. G. Newsham, Garfield \ venue, Me s rsbrook, Yo ks. Edward Mown. Melton est., West Bri geford Nottingham. Thos. F. MO girt George Street S igo, Ireland. Thomas IL Clem, s, 51. Ilitton Street., Teignmouth. Thomas Hall. 7, Webtbury ti- t, South Srockten. Wh-eler 10, Stari;ey Grove, Croydon. Surr. y. John Long. fl -icklands. Bu-y !toad. Gosport, Hants. Thomas Gorfield, itcylchgwyn,n ar Wrexham. Albert Penn, Bilwds,well, haat Dereham. Francis Bea,i, Pool Green. A dridge. Mrs. .1t; Snell, ao. North •treet. Horsham. Mrs. Mary Gumm'ngs, 4, Derwent t.,West Hartlepool. Mrs. C. Fraser. ew Ilgiu. eotland, Mrs. Kate Francis. k3O, John Street, Barnsbury, London. Mrs. W. Ball, (Itkintin Lane, tarp rlev. Cheshire. Mrs. A. P tto lc, 15, Tel,gr ih -treat., Poi tsmout h. Mrs. L. Nlcainteer, 91 ' lrna Street, West Hart. epool. Mrs. L. Mahony, 2. Vk'oria isoad Dalkey, lrel nd. ~.11" .1 ' . Shwa,: 85. nintpeller Read, Brighton. . J.P,lmer, Moat; Co tage. Nloylough, Galwtv. Ireland. Miss G. HAI 13, Derwent stre, t, West Hartlepool.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RECENT DISTRESS IN WAR-

,

===== 0002601_18940421_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
_RING lON

RELIEF S

„ The Extieutve Committe9 of the W arrington LMend Fund met on Moo(1ay morning, at the Town Ilan, under the presidency of Mr. F. 'Alonks, C.C., Who Was .supported by - the Mayor (Alderman E. reenali), the Ray. W. H. Drummend, Captain J. A. :I{delsteli, Couneillor smethurst„ end Mr.J. W. Hay- 'Ward, J.P. On behalf of the Committee Mr. Stanley Wilson t-uhinitted' the report, which stated : .. our Commi,fee. in, presenting their report on the woik done duriiig the late distress,- wish in the first place to Put on record their appr.ciaiiou of the exc,•llent c.on- duet of the men thretignout the past thirteen weary 'weeks. The amount or deprivation and suff,qing and the sad condition of hundreds of families was most deplorable, and tall '1 all description. It will be remem- bered that ..., toe twArn's rm-eting called ny his Worship the Mayor I•il the 12,1 i .September, it was universally tilt that if the work et relief was to be carried out satigfac- t°,,,Tily same system et ori.a. iisation must be adopted. 'lee town was occ.ndringl) wivided into three districts, each having its own -c,:mtnittee (!ortsistith}, of the clergy and rninisl ers, cerain Ladies et d gentlemen, and the rnlnagers or representatives trom the various works in each district) and hote.rary seeret4ry. THE AMOUNT OF RELIEF ALLOWED _

-- a. to adults was one p 'mid of Ore ;(1 and one pint of soup or Mta,to ba-li, and halt the coaritity to children under twelve years of age. Tire d.srribution of the. weekly tickets for relief was c4rried out in a most satis- factory manner hy tlie representatives from tilt, e various works, who met at a stated gine each Sat erdaY atternoun. By this means almost I:7_,ery pPrrwn receiving a ticket was known to the die- 'nhutor. The food was (I.l:Atorted each morning from 10.45 to 12 30 At the tonowing soup kitchens :—District 0. 1, Baok-street. NI ksion It6r, ~ ; Di•trict I‘l. 2, Bork- Y-street •ict.oot ; th,tr.ct N+,. 3, the Drill Hill ; N.,. 4, 3/4iverpool road Cyee Wit 1,.. (in an average 5,000 o,,ersens received relief (-la y, or a total 61389,734 pers, us. 1 cur committee h.v. re-el veil gifts of food, &.. t , the estimated vi.,ile 0t.£179 154. 10 !.,as blows :---15,322!bs rif bread. £63 164. 10,1. ; 109 -4•,s 01 potato,,, £2l 16s ; -371.1 b, f beef, £6 :3 . ; 18310). of tea, £1.2 4 81 4. ;1. 0e751b. of sugar, £7O .f2P 1. - 7d ; ;reserveF, 3i ti ins, £5O ' , • ~./. ; Vtats!..-:, £ll6 . 6 ' ; cot. 71 t .0., £7 10s. ; l'ftal, £179 15s. 10-i. A ...r,..,e cr, onlyt of cast-vtf cloth- IN, blankets,n &c., have bee, r. ceived and diFt at ,ihed uY the La-lie,' Outnmittee ti de,P117,111 -casf.s. Die- t adies' Gm-it-rate.- appointed for hi-' relief of special 'Lles of sickness, &.:., have done a noble work. They ' "ave worked most wk.:row:wily, attending at the various :,. AafflP kitche•ns in the morning, and afterwards visitin2 6's Otto wail a late hour in the evening: The total ' 'teount expend( dby t hi, committee is £92 124. 51. as . Under :--.•tOk, £33 Ih. 4h ; beef tea, £l5 19,. id. ; : "snaffle', £lO ; iniiwives, tiv. £9 1.1.-. : co.l. £9 75.: kiread, £1 10 - 31. ; to- 1,19 s 111. ; other expense., ell 163. 7,i ; oral, £92 12, 61. Ti,awis are due to the Corporatiom for the manner they have assisted in pro,. Viding work for Ow dist; essed urn. .

I

I

1191# l'llig WORK. WAS DOW'. ,the borough offic:als, fhan the Town Clerk and . ?Oro..igh Surveyor oowt:wards, have done all they could 546' assist in the work. 11), L +hour Committee, consist- -1,_12g of four rei‘resen:ritives fr in the I irge4 works in the viz : Messrs. Joon Griffins, C arles E 13,itich, _Othas Burton, and I) Fansilaw, have granted certifi- -1 3.,w11 to a large riurnher ot men per wei,k, t.r -work at, • Per (las . and the waues paid hy the various depart- ' inente of the C as follows :—lligheav 14.2411er t, £662 14:A. 8 ; £ll4 24. 31. ; II enging, £76 18 . 81; Longford dere) , £4B 12s 11 ; .74" th £3B 9s. 6. ; •tit 1, £938 17s. The boi'er "'.Pact, v, he • our coimun i e commenced the °lll. was 120 g-allons It was found tessary to vrect further boilers. and at. the present time we have ,; capacity for 485 gallons. The total amount of suO- -:: XiAtions teeeived is :is follows :—Local subscriptions. 14,877 9., 3d. ; siihseripiie.ns from other towns, £609 torl2 487 es 61. 'rile expenditure up to 7,ge is £2.23; 124. 3i., leaving a balance in hand of 31. The cost per head is a fraction over a a ?awn "Y and a fraction over six riehee h•lfoenny pr family -; rah Itt eay. weed keYtic,i,s, u„rcomini"-ee ha Vl' h e hid 37 Executive Coin, and 13 sz,heral meet jigs have been di.,cu"ssion took place sift regard to calling a tfuhge . nhers meeting to iii-erile as to the disposal of the n'a?:_miance in hand, hut ultonately it was considered desir- 'in „ viPw of the preset outlook that the matter -Ulu not be dealt .11• tweseit. A PRESENTATION TO, THE 1101•1. SECRETARY. •to the chose of the thee( in i. Mr. In. ti kA intimated .• r. Stalilel Wilson, the hon. secretary, that the cm- O 0 Lai decided to pi e,eiit him with a suite of lied- , ,tiontalfurr&iire rn his approrching marriage in reeogni- ', •strikn6l h's services to the c.ornmittee during the recent (ahplaust,.)—Mr. ilsim responded in suitalile Ind the meeting terrhinated,

===== 0002601_18940421_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
"THE BOOK OF GOD."

aal'all,?, u' P, Down,,s, L.L.D.,Rave en interesting oquent lecture at the Bold-st.Wes'eyan school Iticp.l33. on Monday event tig.iipon "The Book of God." Pa wae a large at tendance. The chair was occu- -ha-4:*3' Air. John Tavlor, who eaid that they who in 13 eard the two eloquent sermons of Dr. Downes tlud°lrt-st• Chapel on the precious day would con- that they were masterpieces of elealusaiCe. lie uPed that they would have the pleasure of hi healing t° Dia again at the earliest possible date. (Ap- ,„llBe.) , prefaced his lecture by an anecdote of for Scott, who on his deathbed askedins son-in. or the Bible in preference to any other hook. Sir rwvalter had written at leatt thirty books which would tip edias twig as the English language, but when lie came reei*%'ere was but one book upon which his soul could •det . They found this hook in the chamber of ttT po-u,t' in gro- he valace of the king,aud in the cottage'of the Vats,' ru,aft• Its history was without qual in its anti- ot I:kits continuity, and in its trot,. The system andli"'d Philosophy which it contained was more pure More of an incentive to virtue than any other sys. be,' No book elver given to humanity had been so ittol,ll7 hated and • opposr d, but it had with tiqa it an. dray, As they studied the ho' is, they were n irris- to the cotiv;ction that it was superhuman, ,L that it was not a cre..tion of human genius It was selt a hook of elan, it was a book of Ged. 0: course, 'eral theories had T of late been withdrawn. he idea that every word, and every letter was di v,itely insoired tr-e formerly advocated, but that W3S impossible in the ifuet..se,_rlee of human tr ansfation into . various languages. nr,.:_ueea. use this theory had broken down, this dud not prove that the Bible. VMS wrong. It did not prove that aStron NT. n°l3' was wrong because mistakes were faund in the wf.,„`,.rnaie and Cof)ernican theories. 'lke Lgcturer then on to review in detail the various features of the vr,:.:e• Ile said that it had been asserted that the Bible 06,',°P13ased to science. In the first place, the province th 'lie Bible was not to reveal science. The purpose of he Bitts was to enable men to become righteous and ab.„Y• e rock with William Ewart Gladstone in his Ch "'Pregnablck of Holy Seri ture " that in the first apt, . r of Genesis, it was impossible for a mere man have given the correct order of creation. 'There were adv other instances which show( d the Bible to be in anc.‘e of its time, At the time it was believed the althr!ll was fl-tt, they found written, "He that sitteth "a the " ciree of the earth." At a time when it was assert. ,o that the ealth rested upon an elephant ,and that 4-':11 a tartoise,and they forgot to say what the tortoise °Pnn, they found written, "He hangeth the earth "thing." The Bible, although written by at least ,mrwritprs was an organic unity. It was in fact the onwe t;:i the g ,arrY of a na ion, and its lasting influence aft,r the thidr mat systems of Greece and Rome was of its divine oridin. It contained grander "An any Other book in the world. He lietieved Me F-"Allage "Heaved and earth shall pass away, but .Yeord shall not pass away," to he perfectly true. ou ,aht-arty cote of thanks was passed to the Lecturer. 4,.,..‘ueacotion of Mr. R. SILCOCK, seconded tle Mr. J. B. t„0, ?sic' supported by MT. S. B. STRINGER. A similar . ite;'PLlraPilt was paid 61 the Chairman, on the moticn of 5'40 P.A.Dowys:s,seconded by Rev. J. KIRTLAN. • .

WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

ANNUAL MEETING. The annual meeting of the Vi arrington Board of Guardians was held in this Board room of the Workhouse on Wednesday mnrning. The chair was occupied by the Clerk (Mr. J C. Sutton), and there wet. also pr.-!.sent, Rev. O. F. Roberr*, Mes-rs. G. Ratcliffe, R. Heaton. W. Houghton. J. Houghton, A. J. Jolley, S. Davies, A. Jolley, W. Shaw, J. Muir, J. lill, H. J. Lington, Smith, Clark, E. Aukland, Mather, Fairclongh, Turion' G. Pilling, Hihhert, Dignum, W. Balharty, and Dr. Patterson Mr. S. Sutton (deputy clerk), Mr. C. H. Ward (mate), Mi. 11. M. Mines (superintendent of Padgate Schools).

===== 0002601_18940421_art0030.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18940421_art0031.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
, .

===== 0002601_18940421_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTION OF CIIILIRMLN OF THE BOARD.

The CLIME said that was the 27th annual meeting consecutivel , in which he had been appoil.t.d chairman pro. tern. On the present occasion, the new chairman to be elected would only occupy the office for something like six months,instead ef twelve months, as the ticne expired according to Act of Parlia- ment in Nov. instead of April. It was his duty to aAr the Board to elect a chairman for that period.—Mr. Minn asked whether another -lection of chairman would !take place in Nov. next.—The CLERK replied that the present Board would then expire, and there would he an entirely new Board. of course that new B .ard would proceed to eleet a new chairman.—Mr. R. Heaton proposed that Mr. William H0u1,,,,,1at0n be the chairman of the Board for 'he ensuing year. He said that it was distinctly ithderAtood last year that Mr. Houghton would be the next chairman. He felt sure thdt as al their services w. r Oing to be dispensed with, that one of the oldest, and one-of the best Guardians ought to have the honour of being chairman of the Board before it expired. They all knew the interest Mr. Houghton Va." taken in the Board, and he thought the Board could not de wrong by appointing, him chairman.—The Rev G. F. ROBERTS _had great pleasure in seconding the 'notion. He (lid not like to praise a man who was present, as lie

was sure the result would be painful . both to the aria n praised and to the man who was praising. They a I knew Mr. Honehton to be a man of very good busitiesa capacity, and an exemplary Guardian. He did not wish to individualise and say that there were not other members perfectly competent to fulfil equally well the position :of chairman, but he thought the feeling of the BrArd -. bad been for some time that Mr. William Honghton was the right man for the post.—Mr. Wiraaex HOUGHTON said he hoped no gentleman woulP he itat to come forward with an amendment. He had previ- cusly told th.• members of the Board that he had no desire for the position of chairman. Unless it was the unanimous wish of the B:4rd that .he should be chairman, he would be rather disposed t t decline the honour because there were other geatlemen more qualified for the position, with perhaps a Ii tle in re ability to carry out the work.—Mr. S. DAVIES asked whether their late chairman had declined to stand again. —Mr. SHAW said that this was not the questio.. lii Mr. 'A in. Houghton, it was understood last year, they had their coming chairman. —Mr. LONGTON was Sure: that Mr. Houghton would make a good chairman, bur, he thought that their late chairman had fulfilled his duties satisfactorily, and it would be a great compliment to him, if they a.,kKI him to rstain his posi- tion during the exp:ring perio,l of the Board's exisience. 'Mr. Ratcliffe had been an impartial and remai k ably good chairman indeed. It was no disrespect to Mr. Hough- ton that he said this, but he proposed that Mr. It &dr- fill the chair during the time of the Bo aura existence.—Mr. A. JOLLEY seconded on the ground ti a. it was for only six months and that it was not worll - while making a change.—Mr. BtrAw said that he was sure that Mr. Ratcliffe had done his duty well, out ' was understood Vat. Mr. Houghton was to succeed Mr. RatAiffe. He thought that Mr. Houghton ought to be elected to the position, although if they had to divi.te he would vote for Mr Ratcliffe. But they ought not to " deteriorate or rettad " from last year's vote.—M- A. J. Jotxxx, thought they/ were bound to suppmt Mr. Longton as the general feeling was that the officers aid committees w,re Simply to be re-elected until November. —Mr. HILL did not wish to give a silent vote on the matter. He thou !ht in fairness that Mr. Hougrton should be elected to the chair this year. .Thera was no -doubt a little heart burning la 4 year, and it they had good men they ought to give them a chance of the hon- nut. He did not think that a man ought to be re-eleet-d year after y•ar.—Mr. W. HOUGHTON wished to correct Mr. Hill. Thre was no heart burning at all last 3 ear, at any rate on his part. He also if his proposer aril second,r would agre,, would withdraw his name in :favour of Mr. Ritcliffe.—Mr. RATCLIFFE said that with

• his proposer and seconder's perinissi.in, he would with- draw in favour of Mr. Hou4hton.---I'o neither of these proposals would' the respective proposers and seconders agree, and the Clerk then put Mr. ltatoliff,'s name to the meeting, but as only seven voted in his favour—nit being a m-rj .rity of those present-tho motion fell to the ground. Nlr. Win. Houghton was then eructed unani- mously.—Mr. HOUGHTON having tiikrm the chair amid applause from his fellow Guardians, he said that he hid never had any desire to occupy that responsible position, and would ill ways have been satisfied with a place among the other members. But as there were only six months to pass by, he would do his duties to the best of his ability.

ELECTION OF VICE CHAIRMEN.—WHOLESALE REFUSALS. Mr. &taw pr pssed the election of Mr. S. Dtvies as senior vice-e.natrinan.—Mr. AMMAN]) seconded.—Mr. RATCLIFFE proposed the e ection of Mr. A. J. JAlev, but Mr.Jolley declioed tie °file and Mr. Davies was unani- mously elected.—Mr. HEATON said he would like to prevail upon Mr. Ratcliffe to accept the office of junior vice-chairman, and he would propose that as a motion. —Mr. LomyroN seconded.—Mr. RATCLiFFE, however, said that he w,tirld not take the office. He absolut:ly declined.—Mr. J. HOUGHTON proposed Mr. G. and Mr. HIBBEET seomded.—Mr. Straw proposed Mr. Dignum for the post, but Mr. Dnationt said that he must declirae as lie could not attend to the duties of the office. —Mr. MUIR proposed and Mr. JOLLEY seconded the election of Mr. Atikland, hut Mr. autcoiND said that he would rather retire in favour of Mr. Pilling.—His name and Mr. Pilling's were, however, p-t to the vote, and Mr. Piling was elected by eleven votes to nine.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BUSINESS OF THE BOARD.

The CHAIRMAN then moved that the meetings of the Board tor the admini,tration of relief he continued as before; that as the period f office of the Guardiaqs would expire in November next instead of Aoril,that the several sub-conamittees be re-appointed for the renviin- ing period ot the Board's existence ; that three guardians visit each of the county lunatic asylums at which pati- ents were maintained at the cost of the union, and that the guardians appointed to such visits he re-appoi tad ; that the Chairman. vice-Chairmen and Clerk or Assistant Clerk be appointed to represent the Board at the North- Western Conference, and at the Central Poor Law Con- ference, if convened during the period of office ot the present guardians.—Mr. A. J. JOLLY seconded the motion which was carried.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
RE-APPODITUENT OF MR. W. OWEN.

The Rev. O. F. ROBERTS moved that Mr. W. Owen bo again re-appointed to asii,t the AssAsinent Committme in the valuation of the several rateable hereditaments in the union f6r the period of one year, at a salary of £2OO a year, such remuneration to cover all efficm, travelling and other expense.—Mr. A. JOLLEY seconded the motion and it was carried unanimously.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
HOUSE COMMITTEE'.

This Committee recommended that the Workhouse Nursery Association be applied to for a suitable Candid- ate for night nursing. They also reported that the Local Government Board Inspector had inspected the House and had pronounced the arrangements as being highly satisfacrory.—The minutes were passed on the motion of Mr. DAVIKS, eeconded by Mr. AIIKLAND.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
SCHOOL COMMITTEE.

This Committee reported that a deputation from the Newcastle .ard of Guardians had inspected the schools, and had expressed their satisfaction with the schools. They also recommended that the applicatiem from the hon. sec. of the Warrington Horticultural Society for the use of the band at the Gymnasium on August 23rd, for the service: of which, the Society would contribute 30s. to the band fund, be accepted. They also recom- mended that t.ly agent of the Liverpool and London and Globe Insurance Company be applied to for a new sur- vey to include all the buildings in the Union. The Local Government B.ard Inspector had been satisfied with the arraugemenis of the school.—The minutes were. passed on he motion of Mr. William Houghton.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNTY COUNCIL EXPENDITURE.

The Clerk received a communi4ation from the Fylcie Union in which they asked the Warrington Board of Guardians to endorse the following resoluton :—" That this Board protests tno:,t strongly against the extrava- gant expenditure of the County Council, and it regards the statemetti of the chairman of the Finance Corn- inittee as most unsatisfactory, .and calls upon the Coun- cil so to control its expenditure as to give some relief ,i,to the over-pressed tax payers of tois County."—The Clerk said that he thought the Fylde Board were going too far in their censure of the County Council. The County . Council had no doubt caused an increase of expenditure, but the question was one more for the Parish Councils to deal with, and he would advise the Board to postpone the question. The consideration of the motion was postponed sine die

THE BUDGET AND THE PRICE OF SPIRITS. The following was received by the Clerk to the Guar- dians : " Sir.—ln consequence of the alteration in the duties on British and Foreign spirits, we beg to give notice of an advance on all duty-paid spirits of 6J. per proof gallon from this date, yours Scc.G. and J. Greenali.

SIRXICAN CURL RemedyE X i - K N (c), AWNN p A Ss rlit.tiNert;. Ji 80 St the Pollnlylig°uljarlinEteL for all those w? o suffer from the errors of youth, nervous weakness, exh4u,ted vitality. kidney. bladder, gravel, prost- ate and kindred complai .ts. and has stood the test for 20 years. Send self-addressed st4mped envelope to JOsEPR 1101:30:9' Remedy Co.. Bkomsbury Mansiens, Bloomsbury Square. Loud 'is. and get full particulars of this greau Remedy free of charge.

;•

===== 0002601_18940421_art0038.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_18940421_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
E XA NEIV TITPDA I, APRIL 21, 1894.

HOW THE "CAT" IS ADMINISTERED.

A tit ARRINGTON ROUGH UNDER LASH.

The closing day at the recent criminal assizes held in Liverpool, says a contemporary of,. that town, was one to which a number o( prisomer4 con- victed of robbery with violence looked toi ward with consi.lerable anxiety, inasmuch as it was the nate on which Mr. Justice Day had decided to pass sentence on the highway robbers who had been found guilty during the sitting of the court. It was known to those offenderti that his lordship invari- ably ordered such prisoners to be flogged with the "ca,' in addition to receiving the punishment of short terms of imprisonment with hard labour. A little before five o'clook on the afternoon of Easter Monday—a day, which will now be memorable to nine young men at present in Walton Geal—the batch of culprits was placed in the doek in St. Georges Hall to hear the decision of the court, and a little over a fortmight has only elapsed before they experienced the painful reality of the solitence paased upon them, for last week they received tieo first ins, alment of their ponishment. One of the prisoners hails from Warrington, two from Bootle, one from Wiry, and flit() from Liverpool, and, according to the gravity of the off rice of which they were found guilty, were they ordered to receive lasbes from the "cat o' nine tails." In passing sentence his lordship in one or two instances said that prisoner must go to goal tor a short period and be publically fl 'geed with the "ca'." The use of' the word " puolically " was evi- d oitly an inadvertency, for the days of public flogging are gone. It is generally brlteved, however, that the offsriders have their punishment administered in the pr sence of other prisoners ; but this, we are informed, is ta-ely, if ever, done now. The batch of highway robbers who were flogged a day or two ago at Walton Pri,mn were not, however, subj4cted to the additional pain of being whipped before any of their comrades in distress, although their howls were distinctly audible to many who were Inc ircerated in the goal. Some of the offenders bore the strokes from the " cat " with tracea that bravado which they exhibited when the Sentence was pronounced, whilrt others cringed and screamed in a manner whieh must have remindeel the officials who wi.nessed the flogging of his lordship's words--" Some of these ruffians have no inanliiiess in /hem." It is erniecessary, however, here to dwell upon the sufferings of the men who must still be malting under the strokes of tive " cat" as administered by one of the warders who;le duty it was to carry out he sentence. Of course, prior to the fligging, the doctor examined the prisoners as to their plhsical condition and titeess to undergo the ponishment, and, according to rezulations, the order Of voltrt. was earned out in the presence of the medical officer and of the governor, of the prison.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
SUPPER AND THEN SLEEP.

When after a hard days' work, a man comes home and iays " Wife, lam very tired." she isn't a bit surprised He has a right to be tired. He has earned his supper and his sluep. But after he has had a good, plentiful feed, what if he should saF. " How sorry I am I ate my supper Th3n on getting up in the morning, suppose be began ta growl in this style : " What a fool I was to go to bed ; in the mornin; I feel M )ra tired than I do at night."

On hearing this sort of talk his wife would think he was getting out of his head, or that some complaint had seized on him. And she would be Tiite right. Yet plenty of people take this apparently absurd atti- tude; men and women both; They get at odds with things ; blessing turns t bane, light to darkness, and nature's b wnties become Ours es ,like singing birds trans- formed to bats.

" I was always tired and languid," writes a woman, awl ached from head to foot.

This is an instance of what we say. It is unfortunate and sometimes even wrong. To be . always tired and languid is out of nature. Flowers themselves seldom wilt an 1 droop until autumn comes. Slam other things she says which Inv help to explain " All my life." her letter runs, "I have been weak awl When I was sixteen, it was thought I had con- sumption. My appetite was very poor, and after eating

I gre it pain and tightness across the chest, au! wool! swell so much I was obliged to loose my clot. ing." This at sixteen I An age when youth should inhabit a heaven of its own, full of strength, quick impulses, activity, bright fancies, without a paia or an ache. But come, we forget the children's legacies. Often when parents oin lesve no money they transpit disease. More shame to them.

Well. we must get on. The letter continues "Fre- quently I had so much pain I coul I scarcely draw breath for an hoar. I often threw myself on the couch wonder- ing if I cculd live much longer in this way. I grew to be afraid to eat, as all food alike disagreed with me." What a dreadful thing! It is the same as being choked by pure air. Such a condition is nothing less than diabolical. It suggests the idea of being murdered by one's own best friend. .

"I was also much troubled," says the lady, "with sickness, as though something should come up, and sointimes threw up. phlegm streaked with blood. I suffered from constant pain and pressure at the heart, which I believed to be heart disease. It was rare that I ha i a good night's rest, and often awoke with a sense of smothering. I was so bad that sometimes my husband had to knock my back to get my breath into me.

"After a time a short dry cough fixed upon me, and gradually I got so weak that everybody thought I was in a decline and wasting away. I was just able to drag nayselt about, and often had to stop and rest. Mv life was a misery, and it was a trouble to live, yet thus it went on year after year. For 16 or 17 years, time and time, I was under the doctors, but wa,s no better for all thvir medicines.

"In September, 1885, my hushan I begged ml to try Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, and to please him I did so. After I had used one bottle I felt' so much better I was glad to buy another myself. Soon my food diges- ted, and all pain left me. My appetite returned, I gained strength. and I have never been se well in my life as I have been for the past seven years. I tell every- one what the Syrup has done for me, and willingly c sent to the publication of this letter. Yours truly, (Mrs.) Einbeth Hope—wife of Mr. Andrew Hope, builder—. Mss-lane, Styal, Handforth, Cheshire, June 24th, 1892."

In this climate lung complaints are lamentably com- mon, but not nearly so common as people think. In the opinion of her friends (and d ctors too, nernaps) Mrs. Hope had organic lung disease, and must die. Yet her quick restoration to health, by the use of Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, proves her complaint to have been indigestion and dyspepsia—an ailment practically universal, and in the end more fatal than consumption, which is one of its results when long continued. What is the lesson? Very simple. Cure the cause.

Thus you may eat well, sleep soundly, work to advan- :age and happily live out-all your allotted days:

===== 0002601_18940421_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
MARRIAGE OF MR. J. F. BRUNNER.

The marriage of Mr. J. F. Brunner, of Winning- ton Old Hall, Northwich, eldest on of .Mr. John T. Brunner, M.P., of Druid's Cross, Wavertree, to Mies Lucy Vaughan Morgan,daughter ot Mr. O. Vaughan Morgan, was solemnised ou Tuesday afternoon, at St. Mary's Church, South Kensington, in the pres- ence of alarge gathering of friends. Amongst the invited guests were Mr. Alderman Vaughan Morgan,Mr. and Mrs. W. Reed, Mr. and Mrs. F. H. Dunphie, Mr. Brunner, M.P., and Mrs. Brunner, Mr. and Mrs. S. V. Morgan, Mr. ind Mrs. Howard Palmer, Mr. and Mrs. Frank Wells. Mr. and Mrs. Jarmay, Mr. and Mrs. Parker Lowe, Sto. The service was fully choral, 6nd the cere- mony was performed by the Rev. W. T. Boulay,assisted by the Rev. J. T. Robinson. The bride, who was given away by her father, wore a bridal costume of white duchesse satin, trimmed with pearl embroidery and draped with Honiton lace and full court train, which was borne by Master CyrdSkinner, cousin of the bride. He wore a page's costume of white as pink satin. The bridesmaids were the Misses Ethel, Gwen, and Sybil Morgan, cousins of the bride: and the Misses Flilda and Effie Brunner, sis'ers of the bridegroom. They were attired alike in costumes of rose pink bengaline, with ' fiehus of white chiffon and ecru lace ; large straw hats trimmed with roses and black feathers. Each carried a bouquet of pink roses and lillies of the valley, and were ' trefoil diamond brooches, the gifts of the bricleem)om. Mr.!!. Roscoe Brunner supported his brother as beEt man. At the conclusion of the ceremony the bridal party drove to the town residence of the bride's parents, where the wedding reception was held. Subsequently the newly-married couple left town tor Bath, en voute for Cornwall,where they intend passing the honeymoon. The bride's travelling dress was of chesnut coloured crepov, with fichu of white embroidered crenon arid larize hat en suite, trimmed with 'clover of different shades. The. wediing presents were both numerous and costly. SPEAKS FOR ITSELF! HUDSON'S SOAP: 'SPEAKS FOR ITSELF Estimits'.ed over 51 Years - Present demand Greater than I SPEAKS FOR ITSELF! ever. (2.)

•

===== 0002601_18940421_art0042.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_18940421_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
BRITISH AN D FOREIGN BIBLE SWIM Y. ANNUAL MEETING OF THE WARRINGTON AUXILIARY.

The annual meeting of the. Warrington auxiliary of the British and Foreign Bible Society was held in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-street, on Tuesday evening. There was a sthell attendance. The meet- ing was opened by singing after which Rev. J. Gunnell engaged in devotional. services. The chair was occupied by Mr. John Fairclough, J.P., who, ie the course of his remarks, said that he regretted that there was not a large number present at the meet- ing. They had met for their annual meeting to elect the President. officers, and committee for the next year.. The past year, for Het first time, they had had ladies upon the committee. Their duties had net been very heavy, but what they had done, they had done well. They had been the means of cellecting almost all the money. The present year was the ninetieth year of the Bible Society's existence. The work was still prospering, and fresh fields of labour were found every year. The Bible was translated into more languages, and the sale of the Bibles kept increasing. In his opinion, the Bible Society was not stipp trted in Warrineton as it ought to be. The out townships contributed a great deal more than the town itself. Instead of £lOO. th 3 contribution ought to be £5OO at least. He was sure that.it required no words of his to introduce Mr. Symonds, eh() would give an ac- count of the work of the Bible Society in the Riviera, as he was so Well-known in Warrington. Mr. Percy Silcock, the secretary of the local branch,. then real the financial stetemen% He said that they commenced the year 1893 v‘ith a balance in laud of £lOO llee 3d. Their total receipts had been £219 53. 4dh which left . them with a balance of £2 6a. 0.1. He moved that the report be adelyea, and al-o that the fol- lowing nfficers for the ensuing rear be elected: President. Mr J. C. Parr, J P., C.C. ; vice-presidents, Sir Gilbert Greene', and Mr. John Crosfield, J.P. ; treasurer, Mr. William Owen, J.P. ; secretaries, Recs. E. C. E. Carle- ton, and J. Yong?, and Mr. P. Sileock ; committee, Messrs. E. J Guest. J.P., J. Guest, R. Garnett, J.P., S. Garland, R. A. Naylor. J. Faircleugh, J P., J D. Buekton, J. Hall, the ladies' committee, Mrs. John Faircleugh, Mrs'. Ziha Armitage, and the local clergy and ministers of the t .wn Mr. Vk Beswick seconded the motion which was carried unatiimiusly. The -Rev. &flinger E. Symons next pave a most in- teresting account of the work of the Society in the Mviera, and also giving his personal experiences in that part of Europe. The la c' tire was illustrated by Intern views thrown on the serene, tha lantern manipulator being Mr. D. Stone. After the close of the lecture. a vote of thanks to the lecterer,the chairman, and to the lant..re manipulator was proposed by the Re'. E T. Reed. He thought that there ought to he more in- terest taken in Warrington in the nnele work the Seciety was doing. He thneg'it if the cemmittee were to consider the matter more fielr—he spoke as a mem- ber of the committee—some scheme might be devised to. interest the younger pertien of the Christian commu- nity. He did not see why some nlan could not be ar- raneed to interest the Sin las S leool scholars in the work. (Hear, hear.) If thsEs were done, when they grew rap and became Men arid women, he teas sure tlsey would take great interest in the grand work the Society was doing. They all knew the deep interest Mr. Fair- dough took in the British and Foreign' Rible Society, 'enn also in other good work. fie hoped that Mr. Fair- clough would long live to di reat servie,” to the town. Mr. J. m. Garland seconded tie v ti of Via.eks which was carried unaiiimeesle —The Rev. J. E S:.-mong ad Mr Fail-dough suitably replied, and the meeting then term i ate d.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
THE QUEEN'S PROJEOTI4I,D VISIT TO

WAR HINGToN.

We undet•stand that the Mayor (Alderman (ireennll) when in Leapion late week called upon LIM Cross, with a view to obtaining th-, consent of her Maj -sty to break her journey it Warrington. The member for the horm,d) (Mr. R. Pie.rpoint, M.P.) has also been exerting him-elf to the same end. We are informed, however, that there is little likelihood of her Maiiiry departing fr im the arrange- ments that have been mode. At the same time it is hopsd that she may he ore,a,:l-e1 upon to receive an address of loyalty from tly. Corporation at Arnim- Station, and the Town Clerk wrote to Sir Fienry p‘msonhy on Monday nirht iskiril him to c inyey the wishes of the Corporation in this mater to her Mojestr. On Sa.'urday Admiral Fillerrin, commander of the Royal yacht. Victor a and Albert. paid a visit of inspec- rinu to the Ship Cinal at the r•quest of Lor. t Saencer, First Lord of the Admirer, for the purpose of raporting upon the naval arranzetn,it4 nroormeri to h.. earned out on the occasion of her M jes. PICTI.P.t.P I vo‘ ay. from Irlam to Manchetter on th 21,t or 22n-1 May Colonel GreamP, comm If ding rho (Bel Re,fimental District, and Major Rear at the sam, time inspected the route with a view to determining the militar- ar•angements The Chairman of the Directors (Lord Ei..rt, n of Tatton).the Lord Mayor of M ine.he,tsr, the Nil y,ir of Sa, ford. Mr. Bythell, and Mr. Piet (director,:). the chief engineer, manager and s.e.re•ary of the c inoaor were also present. The pirty sat led to Irlam lo ks and hack.. It is expected that the Admiralty ya”le Eltdiantressoinder the command of Staff 'Command..r Ooloss, will he selected to convey h.!. Majestv .iyer the can 41, escorted hy a flotilla of ,gunhoits. It is als) anticipated that. there will he a considerable mili,ary dignify. and that the volunteers, of whom there are so many excellent battalions in this distrist, will turn out in large numbers.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCH Es- W ARRINGTON.

WYCLIFFE CHURCH:

A special germon was preached in Wycliffe Church. Rewsey-street on Stindar evening hr the Rev. J. Yorp7e on the subject " Now—the trite equel to the recent mission." The rev. gentleman urged upon Lis hearers the importance of decioing for Christ without delay. There was a large congregation THE P.'S A AT WYCLIFFE CHURCII. • Mr. John Fairclough, IP., presided at the meeting of this society on Stinday afternoon. Fle expressed his Pleasure at again being asltPd to nro4ide at he meeting and hoped his hearers were all the better for mee' ing there, and bort er equinned for the battle of life. Mr. Nanhtali, of M tnelt-s-er delivered the address and h ssed hi rem tric4 on the "What will rnu do with Jesus " FF denied the statement that the masses did not believe in the teachines of Jestis Christ, and contended that there was :14 much of the life and religion of Jesus Christ a rnOngst the masses- as amongst the classes.. Wh,t they aske I for was a living gospel, and one that was helpful in their daily life. They desired also to see consi-tene,v in those who Preached it. Mr. !bitter-field recitcd a unpin ent:tled " Absalom." A solo was also contributed by Miss F. Booth.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
REFERENCE TO TEE LATE nIc4FIOP O'REILLY.

At St. Mary's Rom in Catholic Chorch, Bottermarket- street, on Sunday morning, the Rev. Fat;ler Wra% ,0.5.8. alluded to the death of Bishop O'Reilly. He took for his text the passage in the first chapter of Titus—,. A bishop must he without crime as the steward of G I " (verses 7to I. He give a brief sketch of the Bishop's life,. and said it taught the maxim that quiet,.steady,,perse- vering energy could accemplish mare than brilliancy of imagination, originality of thoihi.ht. hook research, or Fervid eloquence. The choir sanr " aneritum passionk" and at the conclusion of the mass th orlaniAt (Mr. Mather) played the Dead Marcis in " The sad event was observed in a similar manner at St. Alhan's Bewsey-street. Representatiysa of the S-inedintine order of Priests in Warrinq.ton took na.rt in the solemn requiem mass at St. Anne's Church, Ed4ehill, Liverpool, on Tues day.

• PUPTUEES. TRUSiES. WO'IDENTVE4 PATENT TRUSSES. the most comf &a' le truss ever invented. boon to wearers. hying 1,0 spring at Singl • TS. 6(1%, Double 12s. Cartiate !. end Piz in inches to J. WOODEND. Chemist. 22, Pitt-street. Live, pool.—Advt.

Mr. Fenwick, the wealthy Autralian who a few months ago married Miss Sylvia Grey. is &scribed in the colonial papers as the owner of Kano.roo Hills Station in Central Queensland. 11s has multitudinnus flocks and herds on that immense priperty.

WEIY DO MEN AND WOMEN SUFFER with Pains in the Back and Lumbago, when they can so easily and speedily obtain instant relief without medicine or inconvenience by applying such a world-wide and world-tried remedy as Allcock's Plasters, the proved efficacy of - ich is shown by the sale in England alone of upwards of Twenty

Millions. Allcock's Plasters instantly stop all Aches and Pains, and promptly relieve and cure Sprains and Strains, Lumbago, Sciatica, Rheumatism, Rup- tures, r tonchitis, Asthma, and all affec 'ions of the throat and lungs, acting directly on the tissues and dilating the pores of the skin they soon show their healing power, and justify all that has been said in their favour. • The popular name and just fame of Allcock's Plasters has led to shameful piracy by un- scrupulous imitators, many of the imitation plasters containing Lead and. Canthaxides (Spanish Fly), involving serious risks that should never be permitted, unless under the direction of a medical man; it is therefore necessary to ask the public, for their own safeguard, to see that they get the genuine Auxock'S PLASTERS. ALLCOCK'S of all Chemists, from is. 11(1, each'

MR. I. T. BRUNNER, MP. AND THE

BUDGET StSEEC.II.

VISIT TO. THE RUNCORN LIBERAL CLUB. Mr. J. T. Brunner, M.P. for the division, previous to leaving Runcorn on Satut day evening, -paid a visit to the Liberal Club. Ile was accompanied by Messrs. S.Taylor, J.P:, J. Clarke, liniveton,W.Band- ! I ' ley T. Handley, T. Riley, A. R. Norman, Hppe, Pas- nett,and other gentlemen. Mr. Clarke occupied the chair, and after a brief address called upon Mr. BRONNKR, who was received with enthusiastic cheering. After explaining that he should have reached the club earlier but the hospitab!e house of Mr. Taylor proved too great an attraction for him, he expressed his glatifieation to the members of the club for having in- vited him to visit them. He was struck by the com- fort. jovialitv,and prosperity displayed inside the build- ing when he entered it. He wou:d, however, warn 'them against over-prosperity, as he had been impressed by an old saying of the late Mr. John Bright that political clubs were rather a danger to a party than a support, especi- ally for the Liberal party, because when a club be- came respectable,the less Liberal it would be. He there- fore warned them against prosperity and respectability, and asked them when they had paid off the debt on the club,which they were in process of doing,not to "black- ball" the young Liberals, but give them a hsarty wel- come. (Loud 'applause.) They had had exciting times since they were last face to face. They bad lost THE GREATEST LEADER. THE LIBERAL PARTY EVER HAD. He might quote the words so giacieu-ly, nobly, and worthily uttered by his opponent the Marquis of Salis- bury who said that "The greatest figure in English Parliamentary history had now passed away." Those worJs he appreciated to the full. They must remem- her that Mr. Gladstone was no longer leading, them, but they must never forget the advice and encourage - meet he gave them in the last speech in the House of Commons. He laid before them the duty of carrying out, and which he (Mr. Brunner) thought would be a pleasing duty to every member of that club—he bade them carry to a successful issue the struggle with the ancient. absurd, and effete second chamber of this country. (Loud cheers.) He hoped that the prospect of having

whit F. la '1 ,

===== 0002601_18940421_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
A FIGHT WITH THE HOUSE OF LORDS

would be as 'great an encouragement to them at the next election as it was to their humble servant. (Laughter and applause.) They knew he loved a fight, and there was no better cause to fight in than that for the destruction of the privileges of the House of Lords. They heard from a good many, complaints that the Liberal and Radical party should be led by a peer. Those who had been impressed by that argument he recommended to read a little leaflet sent out by the Liberal Publication D,partment, in which quotations were given from the speeches of Lord Resebery delivered before they dreamt 01 him being a leader in the pace of Mr. Gladstone. They would find those extracts that Lord Rosebery was as good a Radical as it was possible for a peer to be, and under the circumstances he (Mr. Brunner) was quite content to have Lord Resebery as ' the leader of foe Liberal party. (Cheers.) If they could have bin in the House of Commons, he believed he would be a better politician, and a better leader; and it was quite possible that when the law allowed him to give up those privileges which he did not value, he would seek to h elected by his fellow countrymen to the flouse ci Commons, (Heir, hear:) It was hardly possible to measure the struggle with the House of L'irds, and he was nut going to make an attempt at it that night, because he was only in Runcorn on a flying visit. They were looking forward to Monday to bear

THE BUDGET SP,ECH from Sir William Harcourt, an he had promised to telegraph the main features to Mr. Flandley. (Haar, hr and applause.) He anticipated that the budget would be

===== 0002601_18940421_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MOST RADICAL AND DEMOCRATIC ONE

ever had since the early 50's whoa Mr. Gladstone was Chiucellor of the Exchequer. (Lou,l applause.) If they did not attain to having a gra ?natal income tax—and he was given to understand that that was not likely owing to the official , opposition to it, through being practically a new thing—

THEY WOULD HAVE A REFORM IN THII DEATH DEITIES whith would be equalised and graduateA, and he recom- mended to them the idea of bison. that subject, that there had not been since Mr. Gladstone's budgets of 1852-3-4. a greater reform in tsaation than that of the death duties. It meant not only put ring the burden on the right shoulders, or not only .aking away money from people who had not earned ;t ; but it meant the destruction of 'he landed class sof these kingdoms. he landed el isles had framed laws far their own bene- fit for hundreds of years, arid a iiongst other things, Wilfql a man left real property hehind laim be should be charged death duties at a much lower rate than for per- sonal pr. ,perry. Real property was held tiy the aristo- cracy and personal property was held, on the average. in small amounts by those who held no land at all. I. the same rate in death duties was pal,' on real property as on personal property,many wholesome and far-reach- ing results would follow. The exctisq for the absence of probate on real property a-iii for the easy way in which succestion duty was p Lid was that as a, rule real property was not left to a man out and out, nor ta men, women, and children, out and out. The excuse was that those who held this prmerty as life tenants should not pay so much as those who received the money to do as they liked with. It seetn-ii tn him that whether money was much or little, the party was only a life tenant in it. Consequently those who had real property ought to par as much as those who received personal property. It woul.l bring atiout the

EQUALIZATION AND GRADUATION OF DEATH DUTIES, so that men would be encoorage,i to divide their real, property amongst their children instead of leaving all of it, or nearly so, to the eldes, son. Having further ex- plained the nature which he expected the reform in the death duties to take, he continued by saying that as a result, futute generations would have to work for their own livintr or else starve. Wli•-n t hat came about, Eng- land would he a much more wholesome and happier place to live in. He recninmended them to read the Budget sp-eeli carefnlly, and if tney agreed with liim„to endeavour to instil thlso ideas into, their neighbour, .o that they tniglit hasten the happy flay. Then; w no higher aim of the Liberal party than the erpia!;zation of persons. He did not wish ti iha.ke any man poorer,but to make. every man work for his living, so that his ex- etti, ins might enable him to liven life 01 comfort and re- finement. They had had a dose of

===== 0002601_18940421_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
TORY ATTEMPTS AT LEGISLATION

within the last few days, one of which hid been a lesson to them. It had been dinned into their iars,day after day that the landed industry was suffering great de'- 'pres.lon. and that farfners f•aind it. very difficiilt to pay then. rents. They hid very few represerla,ives of the ; farmers in the House of Commons. hut they had a great I mmy of their masters, the landlords, and the latter found the inability of the barmera to pay their rents ex- I tremely inconvenient. (Laughter.) Sir William Har- court said it was hardly se.-enlv for agricultural inter- ests to be constantly demanding money from the public purse, and added that the cotton masiufacturers when their trade Was depreed never came for relief, neither did the iron trade. Orie.attemp.t. to satisfy the agricul- tural population had been imide that week in the-shape of a bill introduced, by a S-•orch gentlem in named Hozier. Perhaps they had read Mr. Mundella's amus- ing reply to it. The hill proposed that fruit imported into England should be in packages lahelhd with letters. not less than I inch Kpiare " Grown broad -;" and when the fruit was sold retail it. should he delivered in wrappers bearing the words (± inch ,quare) " Grown abroad." The result ot suoli legislation would be that every pennyworth of apples or gonaeherries .woul I have to be delivered in wraopers legibly inscribed " Grown abroad." A simil sr bill was now before the House of Commons hawing reference to toe shellstisii trade, so that shrimpsoaaikles, periwinkles and whelks, were-to he sold in wrappers bearire, tre words " importel Fom foreign countries." How vrai the poor apple-woman to know whether he fruit wa, grown iihroad,.or the coster who sold winkl in the street whets'. a- they had been imported frnin foreign, ceunt ries. The onus of proof was also to be upiin the vendor who, if he or she did wit know from whence they hal curne, 'would be tined £5O or go to orison for,three mow tis.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
SUCH LIGISLATION WAS AIIsOL,IYELY CRAZY.

and if Ui. firmer enuhi fl t g t no limit witting us to all this inennvi.niencf. then they lal het r stop. was perfectly sati4l, d that if the f-irne.ra were only free from the stupid reorictions put tipmi them hv lanitiords they would not rrquire such (Anplause.) Mr. Bruuner conctutibai by saying. that, ho only intended to come there I'4 9,-'e them all &tnlud toeet her and to wish them and the club—the e,it blisninerit of which had had been so great a success —aN,ha ppiness and prosperity hereafter.

Mr. A. R. NORMAN proprqod a yote of thanks to Mr. Brunner for coming amnrigst Own) that everting, and on behalf of the other mem' ers ixprtsd every conficlonce in Mr. Brunner as thttir number. Mr. Posnett seconded and the motion was carried amid miieh cheering.

Mr. BRUNNER in risp.nding sAid he had felt soma what doubtful whether they would not find fault wish him for voting hr the governrneht and not against ose the memorable occasion when they re beaten by a majority of two. He now was thnroughly satisfied. however, that, not one of his eonstitn-mts would rather he had voted differently. And he to. k it; from the kind way in which the mover and seconder itari spuken, and the hearty applause with which he had been greeted that if he had erred he had been forgiven. Subsequently Mr Brunner left the building and travel- led by train to Druid's Cross.

At a meeting of the Liberal Executive of the Gorton division on Tuesday niLtitt a letter -tva,4 read from Mr. W. Ma' her, M.P., intinnting, with great regret, that he will mit bib able to contest that or any other diviiion at thib next, general election.

Organic foods include starchy foods. Meats, end fats. Malnw ritior comes te tee uhs, ances are not t aken in proper quantities. Fat is usually either mish'ng from food or •ii eaten. is n t assinl ate& The ft stippl ed i. Sc itt s limulsion. however, is HAS IV utili-ed by ti- syste,n. It is p rtly digested when taken, Phys•cians. the world over,. endorseit. Chemists sell it, 24.64. and 4s, 6d.—(6)

IMPERIAL PA RLIAMEN

FRIDAY.

In the House of Commons on Friday, Mr. MORLEY asked leave t introduce a hill to reduce the wrind of qualification for Parliamentary and local government electors to tlwe months, to provide for tha half yearly Iregistration of electors, to provide for taking the polls at a Parliamentary general election on one day, and to re- strict au elec,or ti one constituency. He said it was desired to turn into a reality the intention of Parliament that every inhabitant householder in town . and country should have his vote, so that the voice of the locality, instead of being adulterared and nullified by out-voters, should prevail. It was proposed to indicate in the bill that the polling-day should he Saturday. Mr.. BALFOUR thought a three months' qualificatirm too short. He said it would he very inconveni.nt to have every bit of com- mercial machinery stopped throughout the whole coun- try for 24 hours, and Ilk objected, too, to the cast-iron mould ot a Saturday poll. The createst inequality in the distribution of politi -al power did not, in his opinion, arise from the plural vote, but from the way in which sears were distributed. Alter a short discussion the bill was brought in and read a first time, and the second reading was fixed for the 23id inst.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
MONDAY.

In the House of Com-ri;-o-n. Monday evening; the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER made his annual financial statement. He said the balance sheet of the country showed in a striking manner the soundness of our finance and the untuoken solidity of the resources of the nation. The net rec..ipts on the Custom. for 18954 were £19,71-2,000, as compared with £19,619000 f .r the pee- cedi.ue year. F.,reien stunts cave an ine,ease of £39,000 tea £lOl,OOO, and toh.4cco £2 000. On wines, however, there was. ad. crease of £5B 000 EYeiFs reeeints had been £25,247,000. as compared with £25,283000 in the .previcus ye.o.. In this deg art ment spirits showed a decrease of £94,000, but he ran increase of £91,000.. Stamp duty had yielied £589,000 less. Income tax had brcught in £15,200,000, £50,000 mire than the eotimate but there had tieen a fall of £60.030 in prahate aril estate duty. The whole revenue had been £91,133.000, as compared with the estimate of £91.640,000;- and the expenditure £91303,000. £161.000 less than the Budget estimate. The N tional Debt had been reduced in the year by £6,574,000. The treat estimate extbenditere for the coining year was £95,458,000, acains% £91,464,000 a year ago. The Admire ty demands required an increased provision of £3,126,000, and 'he Education Department of .£470,000. Going b irk tweety years, the right hon. gentleman sad the increase in eur annual expenditure in that per'od was £23.823,000—£12.000.000 on the army and navy, £6,186 000 on education,and £6500000 on local grants. Odr expenditure was increasing more ' rapidly than our revenue, On the basis of existing ta ape we should have for the coming year a reeenee of £93,956,000, with ,an expenditure of £95,458.000—a deficit of £4,502000: If we had been free Ina)) this new debt and the naval expenditure had eteed at last year's figure there would have been £747,000 available for the reduction of taxation. Bat of the deficit mentioned we should have to meet by increased taxati-n in the present. year £2,379,000, The right hon. gentleman proceeded to state his oro- posals for this purpose. There would be tnew estate duty payable at deat'l which would, aseimiL te the charge on all kinds of property, • real or personal,settled or free. The rates- weti'd range from,, liper cent on the estates not exceeding £5OO to 8 per cent on eat tea over a million. The succession duty was also to be assimi- lated to the lecaev duty. These changes,woulti bring in a million. An additioral penny on the income tax would produce £1,760.000; but he proposed to make such an allowance on ...u....sments under schedule Ass would sacrifice £Boo,oooand to extend the abatements on small incomes at a furtler cost of £B4o.ooo'reducing the pro- duce of the increased tax to £330,030,. The further million required -to meet the deficit he proprisedto raise- by an additional tax if 61. per gallon on spirits and 61. ner barrel on beer; which would produce E 1.340.000. The new taxation, would yield ita.all £2,670.000 and wetild leave arre_etimated surplus for the coming year of £291,000.

In the Heuse <if Lords the Earl of.MonLEY (Chairman of Committeeri) moved the appointment ef a Select Committee to., inquire into the prineiple of " Better- ment." The,Eirl'of ROSEEIRRY, on.belialf of the Govern- ment, did not-oppose the motion, but he wished it to be understand that the appointment' of the Select Com• mitee would not stand in qta way c,f any fpff from London, Manchester, or elsewhere dealing with the qii.stion. The motion was Rutted to. The Behrine' sea , Award Bill' pissed through the Committee stage. Lord RinsunsnaLE moved the. appointment of a Select Committee to consider the desirAblity ofl requirieg the marking of the place of origin on imported agricultural and liortieultural produce. The motion was agreed to. Lord PLAIWARt 1 nn.unced that. the Government hoped to he able to introdune a hill ciurin.T the present session dealing whittle, sale of foreign and colonial meat as English., The. House adjsurned at a quarter-Rist SIX o'clock.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
TIMDAY:

In the Ffnuse of Commons on Tuesday evening Mr MORIAM; told Mr. Field that he should probably put down the Irish Education Bill for Monday next. In reply to Sr J. Whitehead,. Mt. MUNDALLA said the Board of Trade was fixing maximum tolls for canals which. it hoped would lead to an expansion of canal traffic.. •

Mr.. BIIUNS questioned' the. President a the Local Government Board as to the expediency of prohibiting the two,eurt system. Mr. Sna.w-Litricr az said the Cernorativn of Manchester. proposed in a private hill to prohibit the practice,and if the clause should be adopted by the Clommittee of the Howe it nlight be worthy of. consideration whether municipalities should not be. empowered to make a. by-law on the subject. Mr. PRITCHiRD Many; made En accusation against Sr K. Watkin of having through Mr. Perks in May last blocked the Veluntary.Convey.ance Bill because it was believed that. certain cohveyances made by Lady kin to her hushantl.were affected by it, and he mimed for a. Select Committee in the matter. Sir W. INatmai (Lady Watkin's son) seconded the motbn. Sir W. RARCOURT said he thought this motion ent infinitely beyond any ic.lea of privilege, and asked what the House hasi got to do with a domestic difference in certain families. Mr. PERKS captained that he blocked' the bhl by reqiiest of a Li-mdon solicitor in entire ignor- ance of the controversy between the parties to, this& dis- pute. Sir W. INGFtAM said that he felt that Mr,.. Perks was mAt directly or indirectly interested in the matter, hut the blocking of the bill did enable Sir E. Watkin to obtain the Property in question subsequent to such blacking. It was, however, a questiou for theomirta of Law, and he should be glad to withdraw it from the notice of the House. 'rho m..eion W:1,3 negatived with- out a division.

In the House of Lords the Behring Sea Awad Bill was read a third time and passed. On the motion of the Bishop,of Sr. ASAPH it was resolved by 38', to 24 tn pre- sent an address to toe Qoeen praying Her Mlje.sty to withhold her assent from a portion of the Flintshire education scheme, which provides: That there shall be no. "- hoarding-house" in which the Church of England sosvice shall be used in the presence of the pupils.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
WEDNESDAY..

In the House of Commons on Wednesday Colonel Nor.art moved the second reaaing, of the bill for the p-al of the Coercion Act. That Act, he said, was a wicked and atrocious one. Mr. W. REDMOND seconded the motion. Mr. D. BARTON. moved the rejection of the hill. After several other members had sp.4ken,Mr. JORN MORLEY urged that the Coercion Act should be,repeated. ciare was quieter than it had been at any time since 1886, and there had been a great decrease of Crime in Kerry and Cork. No doubt this had been partly effected thr, Lieti sympathy with the present Government, and p4rtly because the clergy and !faders of the people were on Itioir side. Mr. BALFOUR, speaking against the bill. slid Mr. Morley hazi. apparcutly be able to get along wit 'mut the use of the Crimes Act, but it should he re- memher,d that the forces prcvicusly eneagEd in die- ord-r or indirectly in fostering crime were now support- ing the Government,from whieh they had expectations. He believed we could govern Izeland under the ordinary law on one condition—that no politioal iarty ever used c-me a7ain for the purpose of advancing their views. Mr. DANE attempted to continue the discussion, but mil the motion of Mr. J. Redmond the closure was carried, and the House divided. There were—For the bill. 254 ; avinct, 194; majority for the bill, 60. The hill was read a RN-ond time amid lend cheera,and the, 1-10,gleIQ at six o'clock.

TIER

44EXAMINER" STEAM PRINTING • .WORES ;

BEWSBY STRRRT. WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

One Charge secures Insertion of the undermentioned Advee tisements in ALL the FIVE EXAMINERS:. WANTEDS, ) 1Q La TO BE LETS, r' 0 WORDS, VD., ON SALES, ) And 3d. for eAcii succeeding 9 words.- _

One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks.' 18 Os. 6*-1. ... Is. 3d. ... 26. Od. 27 Os. Is. 104. ... 3s. Gd. 36 ls. Od. ... 2s. 64. ... 4s. Od. 45 ls. 34. ... 3s. 14. ss. 0.1. 54 ls. 64. ... 3s. 84. ... 6s. OIL Advertisers of Situations Wanted, Situations Vamnt, .Apart- ments Wanted, Apartments to be Let, Partnerships Wanted. . Money Wanted, Specific Articles for Sale by Private Contract Miscellaneous Wants, Houses.and other Premises to be Let or • Sold, have thus the opportunity of WIDE PUBLICITY AT A CHEAP RATE. Advertisements reef ived atany of the District Wires, or may be sent to the Chief Offices, Warrington. Stamps received fdr• • amounts under ss.

THE EXAMINER SERIES

LANCASHIRE & CHESIIIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS

===== 0002601_18940421_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
COMPRISES

TIIF Warrington 0 Mid-Cheshire Examiner, pub- lished Saturday morning. The district covered by the Paper comprises many populous manufacturing towns and villages, and a large agricultural tract.

THE Earlestown and Newton Exantzner,nnd Ashton, . Go!borne, and Ha!/dock Reporter, published -Friday afternoon. The district is in the heart of the Lancashire coal ' field.

THE St,Helens Examiner and Premat Weekly Yews, published Friday afternoon. The district comprises the centre of the Glass, Chemical, and Watch Trades of the King- dom. Le. rrHE Runcorn Examiner, published Saturday morn- ing. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district, and afters the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. rTHE Widn:s Examiner, published Saturday morn- big. Widnes contains the largest number oi Chemical Works of any town in the kingdoin, and is rapidly becoming an important centre of industry.

Auction, Education, Wanted, To be Let, On Sale, Legal Pu lie Meeting, Sermon, Lecture, Bazaar, and other .PubliC Notices, Advertisements (except Parliamentary)are inserted in ~ all the above papers at one chArge

Each of the above papers consists of 8 pars. 56 long and wide columns, each column admitting more ,matter than the columns of any other local paper—a fact deserving the atten tion of both advertisers and subscribers. Each Examiner, in tdclition tu giving the local intelligence of the district, in which it circulates, contains the general news of the weok.

Price of each Paper—ONE PENNY.

pRINTING,

BOOKBINDING, AND

QPECIALITY : .3

LITHOGRAPHY,' ,

ENVELOPES

2s. pEiz 11000.

PA INST AK ING PRINTERS are now--days sought for by busbies= in -11 who.!itudy red econotny in announcements which ti ay wish the public to notice; as well as by Friendly Societies, Trade Unions, Trading :ssoclations and Companies, la the careful pro luct,on of Itep.arts, Balance • heets titc. ; and by Musical Unions. Pastors, and Choir Conductors, for neatly and tastefully arranged

PROGRAMMES, BOOKS OF WORDS, WINDOW BILLS, PLACARDS, Szc.

TUE WARRINGTON EXAMINER,

GENERAL PRINTING DEPARTMENT

Has an established r, potation for giving C reful and Prompt Attention to the wants of all Costomers ; and its facilities for the orodertion of Goo , Work of every kind—from tit: ::onallest typographic trifle to the biggest mural " Mammoth "—are avoilible to the public, at prices which a-e strictly moderate. Care. less, inartistic, and sl 7,n'y printing is the bine of business men. They :Ind it doesn't pay to have Lt— even at "the lowest tender."

THE " EXAMINER " 'WORKS, BEWSEY-STREET PROGRAMMES Flft BAZAR. PROGRAM MRS 7oir SALES OF WORK, ROGRAMMES BALLS. PROO4 RAMM RS :FOR CONVERSAZIONES PROGRAM AIRS .70R SOIREES. PROGRAMMES in CONC N. PROGRAM MRS IR FETES, &c.

GENERAL PRINTING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION' • Exeented with Neatness and Despatch;

PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS,

PRIDTTING FOR „14X`,AL BOARDS.

PRINTING, FOR DOAIIDS OF GUARDIANS,

PRINTING FOR PUBLIC COMPANIES,

FAINTING FOR SCHOOL BOARDS,

PRINTING FOR CHURCHES,

PRINTING FOR CHAPELS.:

PRINTING FOR MERCHANTS,

PRINTING FOR LOAN OFFICES.

PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES.

PRINTING FOR MANUFACTURERS.

pRINTING. FOR SOLICITOLS.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS.

PRINTING. FOR BANKS,

PRINT/NG FOR AUCTIONEERS.

PRINTING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES.

PRINTING FOR BUILDING SOCIETIRS

PRINTING FOR CRICKET =BS.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN

Aucticxe€ re Sale Bills, Catalogues, Conditions of Sale Circulars, Pamphlets, Price 'Lists, Programmes for Concerte, Soirees, Balls, &c.; Rul,:4 for Friendly, Building, azd Co-operative Societies; Cricket Club Ruh, Time Sheets and Books, Note Headings, Mcmontndums, Work Notes, Bill Heads Busies, Visiting, and Mourning Cards, Idandbills. c.

Solicitors, Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and others requiring Printing of aa description, are requested to give a 4 trial.

PLACARDS ANY SIZE OR COLOUR.

THE " LEVIATHAN " PLACARD,

Sir.gle Skeet, sft. 3in. by 3ft. Sin, THE LARGEST is TIT E DISTRICT.

A aIONSTRE PLACARD may be formrd by joining number of Ile " LEVIATILLN " SnEErs.

CONCEI PROGRAM If

TICKETS. BOOKS OF WORDS, POSTERS, &c.

("EXAMLNER" • STEAM PRINTING WORKS

VENSIIX STREET, WARRINGTON.

**,

===== 0002601_18940421_art0058.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_18940421_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebe " Crammer " &tem

01 LANCASICILE AND CHESHIaI; COVNIT NICWSPAPESis Compritme THE -Warrington and lifid-Oseshire Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday morning. THE Ecrkstown and Newloss Exminer, published every Friday afternoon. ',THE Si. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afttrnoon. 7/3.E 'Runcorn Examiner, published every Saturday morning ; and IIE Widnes Examiner, published every Saturday A.. "raorning.

PREPAID ATARETISEMENTS. Vs=fmg under the following *heads am inserted in ALL the ,above-mentionenll'Ausrs for OBE CHARGE, as per scale ziven below. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET, SITUATIONS VACANT, PIRTINERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS W ANTED, MONET WANTED, '',3PECIFic ARTICLES Nos SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT. M ISCELIA NEO US WANTS, HOUSES AND OTIIEK PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. One Three Six Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 *Os 6d ... Is 3d ... 2s Od 27 36 45 54 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Adver- tisement inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
omtOttr berbant4, &t.

WANTED, General SERVANT.— pply Cheshire Midland Hotel, el Causeway, Altrineham.

--v‘TAICTE D. clean respect,ble GEN', RAL, from 18 to 20. 33, Aibert road, Whalley Range. Manchester. -- WANTED goo 4 General SERVANT, about 18 or 20. The Bridgewater Arms, Stony-lane, Hindley, Wigan.

(100 K middle-aged, wants SITUATION good reference. Li —Address, M.J:, 26, Abney Mount, Maochester-road, Cheadle.

WANTED, SITUATION as Gli0()A1 or ureter Co,ehman good references.—Apply A. DEAJNE, Everton Beak, near Sardy, Beds.

1(III LAIN COOK WANTED; good character necessary.— I_ Apply, by letter/to Mrs. ELwELL, Chelmanh. near Bridgenorth. Shropshire.

EXPERIENCED GENIRAL WANTED; family thr=e, including young child ; good references.—Address Mrs. Cr6ston, Preston.

WANTED, immediately, SERVANTS of all classes. for town and c,un y; good Situaticus.—The I.IEA.D REGISTRY, Lion Arcade, 11uddersfield.

WANTED. SITUATION a Groom, under a Coachman or single-handed ;tor.bj -et i n to a little gardening; age 20.—W. MAR:-.H. Sicklinglall, Wetherby.

WANT). COOK GENERAL, 30 )oung Generals for private and public ; good r-ferences required.—Miss Cburcb-st. Itegi,try Mee, Bolton.

MIISS HUDSON'S High Class REGISTRY.—Superior Servants promptly slide('; Generals and Plain Cooks Wanted im rn e4thately.-19, Irlam-street, Warrington.

SITUATI ON WANTED, as HouFel;eeDer, u eful help or Companion, good referencPs, domesticated and obliging. —A. F. DENNIS, High-A , Rocf sier, near Uttoxeter,

WANTED, Sri UATION as maid HOUSEKEEPER. with ladt:s or s.mall family, or nurse, first baby. hikilly recommended.—Yirs. :•,lElvEzisoN, Wroxeter Vicarage, 4Eihrewsbury.

W ANIED, SITUATF,N as H us iO ekeeper (Worng) to two or three priest or gentlemeu, where girl Is kept, good Cook, good references.—Y.Z., 50. High-st., Barnes, hurrey.

AGood General SERVANT required on the Ist of May, in a Minister's tami y, no children, wages £l4. Good reference indispensible.—Mrs. COOPER, Brookland Houss, Hyde, Manchester.

WANTED. Bituation ss GROOM, under-coachman, or stable he:per, has been used to hut ter, left for no fault; good rPtertnte,..— Address Vim. Jver:•.BLßY,Overseal, Ashby-de-la-Zouch.

GIRL—WANIED,I, good strong, willing GIRL. about 15 or 16, to do holu-ework ;rs ust be reap. ctable, end of good charactt r.—App,3, by letter. stating wages required to Mrs. WOOD, 497. Micldieton-road, Oldham.

Alsil ED, tor Hart ogatc , teveral gt d GENERALS : two expyri.nced COOKS, small families; two good HOUSEMAIDS ; w,ges i rum £; 2 to £2O —PoLLAN's Ser- vants' Revistry. 18 and 20. Albert-et., Harrogate.

AIALHE o;endst. FEMALEiverpool.N URESBlitaSb. .INSTITUTIONForreIIaIII,O; Attendants. Mental, Medical. and Monthly Nurses, Massage, apply or telegraph, "Nurses." Liverpool. l'elephone, 51C.

WANTED Old Gold, Silver. Jewellery, Dinmonds ; rest price in city,—HlLL, pawnbroker, St. James's Theat. e, Oxford st., Manchester.

WURNESS COLLEGE, MORECAMBE, 1112 h-class 1: School for Boye.—Principal : J. WALTER NUTTALL. International B.Sc.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
:sfforal).

g2OOOOO At from 4 per cent. (trust and otter money) to be Advanced on Mortgage (sr Deposit of Deeclo, in sums to suit borrowers, in any part .of the country.—J. W. READH.it, 5, Cook-street, Liverpool. Tel. No. 5.132.

AIONrEY vtoe LEND in F,umsflt cat be g from mto £lot borrowers. £soa. Pro..pectus 6ent free on application to Mr. C. DARLOW, 41, Duke-street, Southpoit, Sto k-in-Trade Dealer.

A LADY HAVING C/V3l-1 at her dispos I. is open to make AL Temporary Ca: h Advances of 1::,3 and upwards, ia eon- • fidenee, to respeetal 1, house olders, who wish to avoid the usual unpletisatitflr. as and routine of a loan office; no f ureti are asked for, and habitual borrov,,,,rs need not apply Apply personally, or by letter, Mrs. 110nEWooD, 94, liTdnes- road, TiVdnes.

NO FEES UNLESS CASH IS ADVANCED. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO upwards ou BORROWERS' OWN PROMISSORY NOTE WITHOUT SURETIES. Upwards of £70,000 now being lent annually. For prospectus and terms, apply to GEORGE PAYNE,' ~Accountant, 20, Kennedy-st., Manchester. ESTABLISHED 1870.

FOREIGN STAMPS. 50 given gratis to all applying for my cheap approval sheets, enclose stamp f r Post age.— TnomPsoN, 10, Rutland Terrace, Stockton-on-Tees.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
CENTRAL ADVANCE CONIPANY, 25, MARKET-STREET (corner of Corporation-st.). MANCHESTER.

£lO to £lOOO LOANS from

Fair Interest. No Sureties. Strictly Private. F. W. FLENIING, Manager.

A MANCHESTER GENTLEMAN having a large artn.unt of Uninvested CAPITAL at his commano is prepared to ADVANCE same to responsil le Persons in Sums of £lO to £lOOO, •On the Borrower's simple writ,en promise to repay ; Without Sureties, Delay. Law Costs or Publicity. Also on Deeds, Life P. liei s, ex., at 5 per cent interest. The amount Borrowed can be repaid by easy instalments ,-,or capital earl remain so len.l as the interest is Paid. as this office is a bona-fide private concern and not connected with any Loan Office. it is request ii that habitual borrowers will not apply. For full particulars apply personally or by letter to J. CAMPBELL. ESQ., MAN HESTER CHAMBERS, 45a, MARKET,3TIMET, MANCHESTER.

APPLY AND BE CONVINCED. MR. PRICN.:, 27 Cheet ham Bill Road, Manchester, is prepared to ADVANCE LOANS from £5 :1,41 up- wards to respectable Householders. Tradesmen, Farmers and others, without Bondsmen or Sureties. at the following scale -of interest •:- 25 LOAN TO BE REPAID £lO 11 ~ £l5 „ „ £2O ~ £3O „ 11 11A111113 SUMS in same proportion. ALL ADVANCES

. - are PAID IN FULL, Distance DO object. Money advanced at Borrower's Own House. thus saving them the trou'. he and expense of n journey. Farmers can khave Cash on Terms that no other office can possibly offer. Letters immediately attended to.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. ME. JOHN E. GOODWIN continues to make ADV*NCEE FRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working-men, and all respectable Hcooeholders, on their own security. MONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without uublic enquiry, ,on your simple written prcaiise to pay back.—Apply rt VIC. TORIA CHAMBERS (toot of the Central Station), WiDNES, and in WARRINGTCN at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane, any Evenitig from 8t 7. Applications from R.T.rNCORN and District generally receive precisely tie same attention.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
I WANT EVERYBODY TO TRY

_ DR. MAY'S INFALLIBLE: REMEDIES Dr. MAY'S Anti-constipation P!LLS are strongly recom- mended to all who suffer trona hibitual COS They diffn- from most advertised remedies for this prevalent complaint, their action teing to bTitENGTHE Ni and IN- DUCE a healthy state ot tho Sri )31,1011 and BOATELS. They give tone to and alter the morbid state of these orgdns. SENT POST PRI?,11. lilt 3c 2/9 pe- BOX.

DR. MAY'S AMERICAN FORMULA For NERVOUS DEBILITY, TIC NEURALGIA, TOOTH- ACHE and au i debilitated worn out conditions of the Nervcus System. A powerful NERVIVE in the form of a PILL which quickly pulls one together and restores shattered health.

SENT POST FREE 9/9 & 4/6 per BOX. Address, 32, VI SCENT-ST., CANNING TOWN. LONDON E.

THE WAhRINGTON EXAMINE. GENERAL PRINTING WORKS

Bzwsr-- vrr•

===== 0002601_18940421_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
ego, poetry, Bzr._

EGGS from a tnagniticent, Pen of Buff Cochin. 53. ft sitt- ing. Certifreate.—J. BENNETT, Wortley, Wotton-uader- Edge.

puRE BRED Indian Runner Ducks EGGS. at ss. per doz., unfertile replaqed.—H. AKERS, Stanton Harcourt, Eynshan, Oxon.

Leagate,

===== 0002601_18940421_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
EBantili.

WANTED,H ` A' SLtri!lig3l-4it ;aSsntavuCtTelpoHnasrr;o2,sa.teloo given.—

===== 0002601_18940421_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
FOREIGN POSTAGE STAMPS.—OId colter:Om wanterl, or old stamped envelopes.—J. LASLELLES, Machynlleth, Montgomeryshire.

A NY PERSON having SUNLIGHT SOAP WRAPPERS ..Ll. to SELL, send number and price to F. W. WAREING, Ditton, Widnes.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
-friustrat Enstruntents.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
E A GRAVEL GRAIIIEL GRA.VEL

GRAV gL GRAVEL G RAVEL GREY EL GRAVEL Chemists, from TIE

===== 0002601_18940421_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
LLS'S GRAVEL PILLS. sure cure for Gravel, Lumbago, Pains in the bock, Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaints PILLS DiFeases of the Kidneys, Bladder, 1 ILLS Urinary Organs, Stone, Gleet. Strictui e P LLS Sciatica. Rheumatism, &c. The Effec PILLS of One Box is Marvellous. Price 1/11 PILLS and 2/9 per Box. Agents :—Wells. PILLS Chemists 61 Higher Eanam. Blackburn PILLS Thornber, Chemist, Accrington; B.rnes, PILLS 29. Plungington-road, Preston ; or free by post ,PRIETORS, 41, Scotlaud-road, Liverpool,

===== 0002601_18940421_art0070.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'IRO]

===== 0002601_18940421_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY APRIL 21, 1894.

gipartintnts, ffurntelnb 3Dousr6,Szt

_ ,LACK POOL. —Park House, Clnreroont Park, facing the sea; baths, billiards.—TAßlFF on application.

A,alrs bp Vrtbate r7,rraip.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
'attc Lw firzbatc Ertati).

TO BE LET Stables, Coach-hcuse. and yard.—Apply, to the Post Office, Newton-le-Willows.

CAPITAL Cottages TO BE LET.—Apply THOS. COWDELL, Estate agent, Mill-st., Market Place, Warrington.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
TEETH ! TEETH! TEETH! mAcDoNALD's FREE DENTORIUM. WHOLESALE AR".IFICIAL TEETH MANUFACTORY (Registered.) B. 11.M.R. Letters Patent. (Trade Mark.) The Best and Cheapest House in the Profession. Single Teeth, 28.; Sets, 20s. Fit and Quality Guaranteed Patients fitted while they wait. A lady in attendance. The Trade Supplied. All best materials and workmt mhip Teeth extracted free from 6 to 8 p.m.

Teetia extracted 'without pain. Free consultations. Telegraphic Address " Dentist," Manchester. k 9, PICOADMY (Opposite Infirmary Clock), MANCHESTER

===== 0002601_18940421_art0074.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Oburatton.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
Kilo FURNITURE REMOVERS, GARDENERS, AND OTHERS,—MATS, MATS, from 3s. 6d. per dozen:— G. M. JONES, 11, Victoria Bridge, Manchester.

UNDLES, WOOD HURDLI4IS.—G. M. JONFS, 11. Victoria Bridge, opposite the Old Church, late 40,

I iennsgate,

V EAST, YEAST, YEAST.— Wholesale Deptlt ; all Brands; establishea 1848.—G. M. JONES, 11, Victoria Bridge, Alanchester.

Viactnocpiaeslerr, ,d e quality INEcSonAz;leDre.tlPll4lliS.Ausestliln

_ 64-EXAMINER" -STEAM PRINTING WORKS BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH FOSTERS.

A SPECIALTY. LARGE TYPE

===== 0002601_18940421_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MOST STRIKING

POSTER

Produced in the Country.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
WH. WORSLEY, "THE PANTHEON," GAY- • THORN, MANCHESTER. Close to Central Station. leaving to City-road. Take tram for Alexandra Park from Ro% al Hotel, Piccadilly, and ask the guard to put you down at Worsley's.

[See atm Worsley's Advertisement on Front Page.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
balts bp Zurtu3n,

By Messrs. ARTINGSTALL 4. HIND.

By Messrs. JOHN MAINIVARING if CO.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
-VCR SAIE. Us.eful TRAP to carry four. Cheap. —PE/4- 1: BERTON, 35, Winwick-st., Warrington.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE.

THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. riIILORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to V) be the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever dis- covered.

OEILORODYNE is the best remedy known for 1_) Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis, and Asthma. 011LORODYNE effectually checks and arrests ki those too often fatal diseases.—Diptheria, Fever, Croup,

Ague. riIILORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhtea, kJ and if; the only specific in Cholera and Dysentry. puLORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks V) of Epilepsy, Hysteria, Palpitation, and Spasms. PULORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- gia. Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis,

===== 0002601_18940421_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
From Dr. B. J. BOULTON & Co., Horncastle.

We ha;,E; Mad—e-Pr—eit-y.Zitensive use of Chlorodyne in our practice lately, and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti- spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling of comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to possess this great advan- age over all other Sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. _

. " Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's consul at Manilla, to the effect that Cholera lead been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORO- DYNE."—See Lancet 18t De,:ember, 1864.

CAUTION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMIT- ATIONS. CAUVON.—Vice Chancellor Sir W. Peuu WOOD stated that Dr. J. COLLIS BROWNE, was. undoubtedly, the inventor of CHLORODYNE " and that the story of the defendant FREE- NUN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say , sad been sworn to.—See Times, 13th Judy, 1864. Sold in bottles at is. 10., 2s. 94., and 48. 64. None is genuine without the words "DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medical testimony accompanies each bottle. SOLE MANUFACTURERS.-3. T. DAVENPORT, 33, Great Russell- st., Bloomsbury, London.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
itiarbtnerp, &r., an ale.

EIGHT Screw-Cutting LATHES, from 61n. to 14in. centre ; cheap.—GnnExwoon, 39. Nuttall•st , Rochdale.

A LL kinds of WOOD-WORKING MACHINES, over 50 ilk ti.stock.—GREENWOOD, 48, Molesworth-Bt., Rochdale.

TO BB SOLD, One Five-ton Hand Overhead Travelling JL GANTRY complete, equal to new, and One Five-foe Travelling Hand Jib Crane.—Apply, BUGBIRD, Trefriw. R.S.O.

I{YDRAULIC Presses, Pumps, Leathers, Packers' Tools. &c., all sizes always in stock, also Engines, Poilere. Machinery. &c —E. ASQUITH, 27, Mather-st., Am:oats. near London Road Station, Mancheater.

100 MACHINE TOOLS, comprising LATHES, DRILLS. PLANERS. SHAPIAIRS, ENGINES, STEAM HAM NI ERS, MILLING MACHINE, PUNCHING and BE NDING MACHINES, &a., ready--For list apply SCOII. 13E09., Halifax.

WE LET STONE-BREAKERS all types, with Steel or Iron Frames; also MO ATAR MILLS, CON- CRETE MIXERS, STEAM WINCH. HOISTS, PUMPS, STEAM CRANES, and PORTA VLE ENGINES en Hire With option of purchase. New and second-hand, ready for de- liverv,—S. MASON and Co., Brandon-et., Leicester.

QT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS LIMITED (late Ormerod, 0 Grierson, and Co. Limite,l), Hulme, Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST— INGS, Millwright, and all kinds of Engin.eeeing Waali promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on apph- eation.—Telephone 229.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0083.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Tontrarts.

_ void

===== 0002601_18940421_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
Eirprieg, Sascsfutttess,_=!

RUDGE CYCLE CO., LIMITED. THE OLDEST AND LARGEST CYCLE FIRM

STILL LEADS. BEST WORKMANSHIP. BEST MATERIALS. BEST STRENGTH. The Machine for 1894 is the

46-13 IidUDG E."

G n easy payment system or good cash discount.

See our new cut line PNEUMATIC at £l2 12e. NET CASH. BUDGE CYCLE CO., LIMITED, 101, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

SIT:,I,3TY BICYCLES and TRICYCLES FOR SALE! or "IRE. Twenty Safeies in stnck. Prices from £1 to Lea-street, Miry-lane, Wigan.

PZIETIMATIC SAFETY, unpunctured tangent spokes. balls all over, lamp and all acces,aries, cost £lb, will take ;4 Giving up riding —Apply 6 to 9 p.m.—EDWARD UNS- "TR. 73, Birchall-et., off Battersby-lane, Warrington.

84PETIES1 SAFETIES!! SAFETIES!!? CHEAPER THAN EVER. 11°4 Wonderfisi Bargains ev r offered. 1,000 Mach'nes, n d Seeond-hand, in stock; Single Machines at Whole- -lie Price. 50 per cent, cheaper than other makers. Write at (4ace for large List, post free, from W. R. WARRILOW, Regent-street Safety Works. Weston-super-Mare.

CYCLES, CYCLES, Coventry Cross, 1894. Cycles now ready, light, beautifully finished and up-to-date in Tr-tern. See samples at PARRINSONS, 2, Bridge-street, Quringtrn. or at Northern Branch, WARMAN and IIAZLB- "00D, Limited, 134, Deansgate, Maisrbester.

AJAX CYCLES.—Prices £3 to £2s.—Pneumgtic and Cushion SAFRTI ES and TRICYCLES in great ietr• All interested in Cycles should write for our 200 7,Ne Lists for 1891 of over 1,000 New and Second-hand „4:lleumatic, Cushion, and Solid-tyre Safeties. Bicycles, and r_illeYcles, and about 50i0 unsolicited tetrirnonials poet free, discount for cash, or easy terms from 108. per month. '''achines sent Carriage ;)aid. to purchaser's address.

BRITISH CYCLE MANUFACTURING COMPANY. 45, EVBRTON ROA.D, LIVERPOOL.

FRANKENBURG'S INFORMATION 15 WORTH , HAVING I—The Cycling Pulite don't know yet where get splendid Machines at 25 per cent. less, Accessories at 14,41aer cent. less. Cycle Caps at 20 per cent. less. Cushion jf_Yra.s at 25 per cent less. General Repairs more r-liable and aper. Replating superior and more durable. Save time 7;`,arcloney by calling or writting to . NKENBURG'S Indiarnbtsq- and Macintosh Warehouse, 16C-162, STRETFORD-ROAD. MANCHESTER.

CYCLES! CYCLES!! CYCLES !! !

GARLAND, IRONMONGER. WARRINGTON. SOLE AGENT FOR STA.NDARD MAKES.

PREXIER. EXCELWOR. NEW RAPID, EITYNBIAISI and

EXPRESS CYCLES. LARGEST CASH DISCOUNT. LOWEST PRICES.

SEE WINDOWS.

REPAIRS.

TRH OLD-ESTABLISHED BASSINETTE WAREHOUSE. Beware of spurious imitations. The best and cheapest °arriages in the town or district. (No connection with any °ther firm of the same name.) WASITTON,74, Sankey-st., Warrington, tnanu- • facturer of Bath Chairs, Bassinettes. Rustic Carri- rgs. &c., of the best materials and workmanship, on the enxises, under personal supervision. Well-finished Bassinettes from 25a., warranted to rnn tight Mail Carts. Tricycle Horses, Doll Carriages, Sm. ;yew for Sewing Machines, Wringing and Washing Machines. w 0 RE.S :—BEAIIIO,T-STREE.C.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
SLADE AND CO.'S CYCLES.

SPECIALITY FOR 1894. THE POPULAR HUMBER SAFETY. FITTED WITH DUNLOP TYRES.

£l3 13s OD.

The ORIEL SAFETY ROADSTER or RACER fitted with all up-to-date Improvements. Weight of Roadster 3511”. Rgeer 3011,5. with PNEU- MATIC TYRES.

12D. OD.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
PRICE £123.

CUSHION TYI3BB £8 10s. 73. BOLO-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

D y 0 U SUFFER RALGIA, if BO why not try a bottle of H. M A'•',ll.T°N.B TIC. AND NE'.UItALGIA MIXTURII Atli, a CERTAIN Cum:. You Can ObtAill a is. bottle by Writing or sending to the only plane in Warrington where it is prepared. SANKEY STREET PHARMACY £3. BANIZEY-STIIIIIHT, WARRINGTON.

BIDDLES AND CO. THI3 PENNY PACKET SEED COMPANY,

LOUGHBOROUGH, LEICESTERSHIRE,

3,000 VARIETIES 3,000

Of Vegetable and Flower Seeds supplied in ONE PENNY PACKETS, and every one of the very best quality in conveniently small quantities.

PRESS OPINIONS.

"We cannot but think that a very desirable scheme "(our Penny Packet system) " is here pro- pounded."—" PeterbDrough Standard."

" An experience of several years justifies the pro- nouncing of the quality of seeds as equal to that con- tuned in larger and more costly packets."— "Newcastle Chronicle."

"The firm has a high reputation and standing, and we commend them to the notice of amateur gardeners and others who desire to make their gardens look bright during the coming season in a very economical and effective manner."—" Horti- cultural limes."

LIST OF Ci VEGETABLE AND FtowEr. oEEDS

SENT GRATIS AND POST FREE.

_ -. _2, -- • -

===== 0002601_18940421_art0087.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18940421_art0088.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_18940421_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
FEW budgets have been anticipa- Budget. The ted with greater interest than that which was unfolded in the House of Commons on Monday evening by Sir WILLIAM HARCOURT. What are spoken of as the "secrets of the budget "had been well kept, and even the most" knowing "of London newspapers did not venture far into the region of prophecy. Those who expected a revolutionary re-arrangement of the financies of the country will be disappointed; yet, at the same time, some of the proposals w hich were made by the Chancellor of the Exche- quer are strongly indicative of the irresistible democratic tendencies of the times. The over- hauling of the death duties is, for instance, a reform which has long been asked for by progres- sive politicians. At the present time there are no fewer than five death duties—the probate,account and legacy duties, payable on personalty, and the estate and succession duties payable, though not in the same degree, on both personalty and realty It is now proposed to carry out the much-needed simplification of these imposts. The probate, account, and estate duties will be abolished, and their place will be taken by a single impost,known as the estate duty, which will be charged on the principal value of all property, real or personal, settled or unsettled, without regard to the heir or legatees, degree of relationship to the dead. There is also to be an amalgamated legacy and succession duty. This simplification of the law in regard to these duties is well worth having for its own sake, but, in addition, Sir WILLIAM HARCOURT has taken the opportunity to adopt the highly equitable principle of graduation. He now proposes that while properties of under .-C3OO pay death duties of one per cent., the charge shall gradually rise to eight per cent, on properties exceeding a million. This is a recognition of the principle of graduation which will delight all financial reformers. Though the present proposal is an exceediagly moderate and tentative applica- tion of the principle, it is the thin end of the wedge. We may be sure that in years to come the principle will be much more widely applied, and there will be a steady transference of the weight of taxation from the shoulders of the poor or the comparatively poor to those of the wealthy. The present budget does not go beyond suggesting a death duty of eight per cent. on bloated fortunes of a million and upwards, but now that the new path has been entered upon, it requires no great gift of prescience to foresee the day when million- aires will not escape so easily. In regard, too, to I the income tax, Sir WILLIAM HARCOURT propose) to benefit • those with smaller incomes at the expense of those who can better afford to pay. There will be a penny added to the tax, but all whose income falls helow £l6O a year will be entirely exempt. At the present time the man with £l5O a year has to pay on £3O of his income,but in future such a man will be altogether free from that tax. There will be an abate- ment of £l6O for salaries up to £4OO, and of £lOO for salaries reaching £5OO. It will be seen, there- fore, that in dealing with death duties or income tax, Sir WILLIAM HARCOURT proceeds on thoroughly democratic lines. There will, per- haps, be greater differences of opinion as to the increase of sixpence on every gallon of spirits and barrel of beer, but in having recourse to these sources of revenue the Chancellor of the Exchequer is undoubtedly following the prece- dents of many years past.

IT is pretty generally conceded The Doom of that there are two methods of Coercion. governing Ireland—one by coer- cive laws and the othor by a generous extension of self-government, or Home Rule. The Liberals advocate li@me Rule, and the Tories are in favour of coercion—at least they were supposed to be in favour of coercion until Wednesday, but on that day there was a rather significant incident in the House of Commons. Colonel NOLAN, one of the Irish members, moved the second reading of a Bill for the repeal of the Irish Coercion Act. This Coercion Act was passed seven years ago and its provisions were freely used by the Tories when in office. When the Liberals came into power the Act was suspended, Ireland having since been governed entirely under the ordinary law. This piece of coercive legislation still, however, remained on the statute book ; hence Colonel NOLANS proposal for its repeal. It might have been supposed that the Tories would have eagerly seized upon this oppor- tunity for the reiteration of their understood opinions as to the proper way of governing Irish- men, and as a matter of fact it was expected that they would offer the m ost strenuous opposition to the proposal for the repeal of the Coercion Act. But even Tories in these days cannot aftord to linger too far behind the times, and it seems to be dawning upon them that coercion as a method of government under rep resentative institutions is played out. The opposition they gave to Colonel NOLAN'S proposal was—always excepting of course the Ulster wing—singularly slack and half-hearted notwithstanding the drumming up of the Party whips, and the Bill was read a second time with a swinging majority of sixty. When Tories lose faith in coercion we are surely on the eve of Home Rule.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL BRA.NCISES OF THE CARPENTERS AND

JOINERS SOCIETY.

The annual report in connection with the Amal- gamated Society of Carpenters and Joiners has been issued. The Society now includes no less than 629 branches and 40.996 members. The total income amounted to £109,722 12s. Bd., being an increase of about £10,898 13s. over the revenue of 1892. The expenditure has been £109,441 13s. lold. or £18,596 138. 11d, in excess of the previous year. Notwith- standing this increased expenditure the cash balance was increased frGm £72,639 12s. 50. to £72,920 11s. 3d. Generally speaking the society is in a very flourishing condition. In the Warrington branch there are 116 members from wh9m there was a total income of £302 ss. 2d. during the year, as well as a balance in hand of .C3OO 13s. 61. The expenditure during the year amounted to £364 Bs. 10d. leaving a balance in hand of £238 9s. 10d. In the Widnes branch there are 65 members and the income for the year was £261 183. ; there is a balance in hand of £l2l 3s. Bd. The Runcorn branch numbers 34 members with a total income of £lO5 58. id. and a balance in band of £76 13s. 7d.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EX A M INEP, SATURDAY, APRIL 21. 1894.

Rbbertiament. •

LOCAL NEWS.

CONCERT AT WIDNRS.

On Thursday evening a concert was given in the Drill Hall by the Manor Welsh costume choir. There wa3 a large attendance and toe proceeds will be devoted to the Deacon-road Baptist Chapel fund. INTER-WORKS FOOTBALL COMPETITION, WIDNES.

The semi-final games in this competition have been Played this week on the Widnes Football ground with the followine.. results :—On Tuesday, Widnes Alkali 3 goals, Gasket! Deacon's nil ; on Wednesday, Weston 1 goal, Runcorn Alkali 1 try. • t• PRITCHARD'S, 5L High-st., Runcorn, for tile beat PIYE GUINEA. WATCH .a working man can have.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
ANnTHETt WOUNDING CASE AT WIDNES. _

At the Widnes Police Court on Monday, before Mr. H. Wade Deacon and Alderman Timmis a woman named Ellen Hunt, of St. Helens, W:1,1 charged with unlawfully wounding a man named William Shannon on the 14th inst.—lt appears that the parties were in Widnes on the 14th inst. and defendant became intoxicated. Meeting complaintant, with whom she cohabited, she threw a saucer at him inflicting serious wounds on the lace. Dr. Hutchinson was sent for and he examined Shannon and found a large wound on the left side of the face about two and a halt inches long. 'there were two more wounds, on the bridge of the nose and under the right eye.—As Shannon was too weak to attend court the prisoner was remanded in custody for a week.

If you want, your WITC7a EEPAIRED by skilled workmen take it t. 4 PRITCFLLRD.S. - Adtt.

MARRIAGE OF MISS SEFTON OF RUNCORN.

Considerable interest was manifested in the marriage of Miss Sarah Ann Sefton, only daughter of the late Mr. Henry Sefton, contractor, to Mr. Robert Yates, eldest son of Captain William Yates, which took place on Wednesday afternoon at the Halton-road Wesleyan Church. The Rev. James Hanby performed the cere- mony. The bride was attended by two bridesmaids namely Misses Hilda Hewitt, Tuebrook ; and Mary Emma Jellicoe, Lower Bebineton. Mr. George Yates, the bridegroom's brother acted as best man. The bride was given away by her grandfather, Mr. Jellicoe, far- mer, of Bebington. After the ceremony, the party breakfasted at the house of the bride, and subsequently the newly wadded pair travelled by train to North Wales where the honeymoon will be spent. Many costly presents have been received.

INTERESTING MARRIAGE AT RUNCORN.

The marriage of Mr. John Pennington, builder, of Greenwa.y-road,to Miss Clara Hampson, second daughter of Mr. Richard Hampson, Waterloo-road, was solemnized at the Runcorn Parish Church on Wednesday afternoon, in the presence of a numerous congregation. The ser- vice which was fully choral, was conducted by the Rev. Joseph Holding. The bride, who was attended by four maids, all prettily attired, was givex away by her father. The bridegroom was accompanied by his brother, Mr. John Pennington, who acted as best man. After the ceremony the xwdding party, which was a numerous one, left the church and were driven to the house of the bride's father where a sumptuous repast was awaiting them. Subsequently Mr. and Mrs. Pen- nington left Runcorn by train to spend their honeymoon. There is a long list of costly presents. The carriages were supplied by Mr. Thomas Booth of Bridge-st.

RUNCORN FRER LIBRARY COMMITTER.

The usual monthly meeting of the Runcorn Free Library Committee took place on Tuesday evening at the Town Hall, Runcorn, Mr. W. Hankinson presiding. There were also present : Messrs. S. Pepe and T. Riley. Mr. J. D. Jones, librarian, submitted the annual and monthly financial reports. The former shows that at the 25th March, 1893, there was a balance in hand of £2O 24. 9d. ; receipts during the year amounted to £222 19s. id., showing the total to be £243 is. Md. The payments for the same period were : Salaries, £6O; new books, £76 1.1.5. 2d.; magazines and newspapers, £24 7s. id. ; which with other smaller sums brought the total up to £237 Os. 3d. ; thus leaving a balance in hand on the 25th March last of £6 is. 7d. The number of books issued during the month from the 25th March to April 17th was 2,080 made up as follows :—Theology 47, philosophy 7, science 117, history, &1., 168, poetry 22, fiction 1,511, miscellaneous 161. These were out of the lending department, whilst 47 volumes under the heading of miscellaneous were issued from the reference department. The increaso on the corresponding month of last year was 240 in the lending department, and 2 in the reference department. The statement of accounts and also the report were adopted. Mr. Jones also reported the following gifts to the Library during the month :—Presented by the author, Mr. 11. C. Burdett, Prince, Princess and People" ' • by the Treasurer of the Religious Tract Society, "'rho Annotated Paragraph Bible"; and "Library reports from Birmingham and Liverpool."

TABLEAUX VIVANTS AT RC7NCORN.

Under the auspices of the Holy Trinity Chung], and Bagged School Mission, a very interesting and highly enjoyable entertainment was given on Thursday even- ing in the Primitive Methodist new schoolroom, Green- way-road, Runcorn. There was a large attendance. The programme included nunierous tableaux, all of which were produced in the most complete manner, the cos- tumes worn by tke various characters being very ap- propriate and pretty, and the efficient handling of the limelights added, in a great measure, to the beauty of the different scenes. Mr. C. A. Timmins displayed his ability as a local photographer by exhibitions of instan- taneous photography, which were, without dolbt, ex- ceedingly clever. interspersed among the tableaux were songs rendered by Misses Colquh"oun, and Jones, and Messrs. Nickson and R. Morris. The ladies and gentlemen who took part in the tableaux were :—Mrs. Hutchinson, Miss Colquhoun, Miss L. Darbysbire, Miss Hume, Miss Jones, Miss Preston, Miss E. Preston, Mr. W. Darbyshire, Mr. E. Preston, and Mr. Weiss Muller. The following gentlemen were instructed with the management of stage and limelight effects :—Messrs. Timmins, W. Ilea, H. Handley. C. Handley, and J. M. Jones (Liverpool). The Rev. Dr. Preston presided, and read the descriptive readings of the tableaux, whilst Mr. W. Burnett, (Liverpool), acted as musical illustrator in an efficient manner. The proceedings closed with the singing of the National Anthem.

LIVERPOOL COUNTY QUARTER SESSIONS.

The following Widnes cases came on for hearing at this Court, during the week :—Mary Elizabeth Cross (34), laundress, three months, for having at Widnes on the 27th ult., stolen a jai-14 belonging to Thomas Gilgannon.—William Miller (35),I1enry Gaskell (44),and John Foster (35), collirs, were charged with having at Rainhill, on or about the 12th Mach, stolen 931; yards of cloth and 65 lbs. of tot, the property of the London and North-Western Railway Company: Thomas Lowe (49),moulder, James Miller (32), collier, and George Miller (37), fireman, were charged with having received the cloth knowing it to have been stolen, and Thomas Cordingley (37), with havini, received the tea knowing it to have been stolen. After a lengthy hearing, Henry Gaskell was found guilty of both charges against him ; William Miller and John Foster were found guilty of stealing the cloth and not °nifty of the other charge Thomas Lowe and Ge.orge Miller were found guilty of receiving the cloth ; James Miller was acquitt6ed of hav- ing received the cloth, and Thomas Cordingley was acquitted of having received the tea. William Miller, Henry Gaskell. and John Forster received sentences of four months' each, and Thomas Lowe and George Miller three .months. James Miller and Thomas Cordingley were discharged.—Elizabeth Jones (36), three months, for havingot Widnes, on the 20th March wounded Thomas E. Heaton, police-constable, by striking him on the face with a glass.—Mary Riley (53), no occupation, four months for having, at Widnes, on the 12th March, stolen a flannel singlet., the property of John Joseph Cain.

RUNCORN ADJOURNED TOWNSHIP MEETING. The adjourned meeting of ratepayers of Runcorn was held on Thursday evening in the Bethesda Lecture Hall, Runcorn, for the purpose of receiving and adopting the balance sheet of the Burial Boa rd and the auditors' report. The chair was then taken by Mr. E. Imison,and amongst those present were Messrs. William Handley, and W. Sutton, assistant overseer. Mr. Sutton pre- sented the statements of accounts showing that the balance in the bank, general account, at the beginning of the year was £99 4s. 9d.; balance in bank, sinking fund account, £lB4 Bs. id. During the year the amount received in interment fees was £467 17s. Bd.; whilst the cash received from the Overseers, sinking fund account was £l2O. These items with others, of smaller sums, brought the receip`a for the year to a total of £920. The expenditure included interest on mortgages £230 93.21.; mortgages paid off £lOO ; maintenance and repairs £9l 6s. 5d.; salaries and wages, £2OO 149. 9d.; bahnce in bank, sinking fund account, £215 13s. ld. The balance of the sinkieg fund account, March 25th 1894, amount- ing to £312 18s. 4d. had been invested in consuls; whilst the balance of the mortgage account was £5184 3s.—The auditors Messrs. John Littler, and Joseph K. Digges reported that they had completed the audit of the booka of the Runcorn Burial Board. They had had vouchers produced for all payments, and found the same correct in every particular.—On the motion of Mr. William Handley seconded by Mr. William I.?.utton, the accounts and the auditors' report were adopted. It was also de- cided to advertise the accounts as usual. A vote of thanks to the Chairman Was passed at the request of Mr. Handley who referred to the harmonious character of the proceedings.—ln responding, Mr. Imison ex- pressed a hope that the business of the town would al- waT s be conducted with the same harmony and good feeling.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKITAM.

POOR RATE.—The magistrates at the Runcorn Petty Sessions on Monday, Messrs. A. Thomas, 'l'. Rigby, and F. J. Norman, approved of the new poor-rate of is. in the £, calculated to raise £46 9s. fild. for the township of Stockham, and affixed their signatures accordingly.

RUNCORN V. SWINTON.—These powerful teams op- posed each other on Thursday evening at Widnes, in the presence of 3.000 spectators. Valentine kicked off for Swinton, and play wa.s for a considerable time pretty even, but the Swinton forwards had a slight advantage for a time. They, however, failed to score, and half- time arrived without any tangible advantage to either side. In the second half Runcorn had decidedly the best of matters, 111olyneux dropping a goal and Gregory gaining an unimproved try. Swinton, who were quite out played, were defeated by 1 goal (dropped) and 1 try to nil.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
1.0.G.T. ENTERTAINMENT AT WIDNES.

A tea meeting and entertainment was held in the Gos- pel Union MisSion Hall, on Saturday evening. Speeches were given at the entertainment by Mr. J. Millar and Mr. Morris Jones, of Liverpool, which were much appre- ciated. A very pleasinv, programme of songs,recitationi, was also gone through, and a dialogue by thine en young girls, was admirably rend ered.

JOSEPH PRITCHLRD, 51, High-street. Runelro, keeps 111P1:417AOLES to suit all sights. from a shilling a pair.—Adat.

UNITED METHODIST FREE CHURCH, WIDNES.

On -S.u-n-d-a-lv .;;;;;Tai-s-e-rvices were held in ,the. above place of worship on behalf of the Home and Foreign Missions. Sermons were preached,morning and evening by the Rev. W. Albert, of Rin!nrn,and in the afternoon a service of song entitled '.‘Two Golden Lib es,"was very efficiently rendered by the Gospel Union choir and friends. There were large congregations at each sr- vice. PRITCHATIVS have now stood the test for fifty years. and finality and first class workmanship are still guaranteed.— ..44re.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
BRUNSWICK-STREET WESLEYAN SCIZOOL, RUNCORN.

A meeting was held in the above named school on Sunday afternoon in connection with the Wesleyan Foreign Missions. Addresses were delivered by the Revs. T. Wilkes, and J. Hanby, and Mr. J. D. Jones, Mr. John Birkett occupying the chair. The report for the last five months was read by Mr. Povah and was considered highly satisfactory, the amount, including Sunday's col- lections, being more than £34.

JOSEPIL PRITC/ILIID, Watchmaker and Jeweller, 51, High- tt., Ituncorn.—Advt.

THE BOWLING SEASON AT RUNCORN

On Wednesday the opening game of bowls of the Run- corn Bowling Club took place, the teams being picked by the president and vice-president. The encounter proved very interesting and ended in an easy victory for the president's team by 103 points to 77. Tea was then partaken of and afterwards the main of bowls handicap was played. There were sixteen entries, one limit being three points. This was won by the president, the secretary taking the second by on point.

When in want of a CHAMTE and ELEGANT WEDDINO or BIRTHDAY PRESENT $l3 to PRITCHARD'S, 51. Iligh-street. - Advt.

HARTLAND VVESLEYAN CHAPEL, WIDNES,

On Thursday afternoon the Rev. Edward Smith, of Manchester, preached in the Victoria-road Chapel to a large audience. A public tea followed after which the reverend gentleman delivered his popular lecture," Five years in the heart of the world's greatest city," which was very attentively listened to by a large audience. Collections were taken at the afternoon and evening ser- vices in aid of the Hartland Chapel Trust Fund.

RUNCORN FOOTBALL CLUB. With a view to augmenting the funds of this club the committee engaged Lieutenant Cole and his company of London artistes, to give a comic entertainment and variety concert on Tuesday evening, in the Public Hall,' Runcorn. The hall was full and the various perform- ances of Lieutenant Cole were much enjoyed, his ven- triloquial powers being especially appreciated. The vocal and instrumental music was also of the highest order, and the dancing of the female members of the company was likewise good.

THE RAILWAY ROBBERIES AT RAINHILL ANOTIIiIR CONVICTION.

At the Widnes Petty Sessions on Thursday, before Mr. J.Birchall,and Lieut-Colonel Gask€ll, Thomas Smith of Baek Dephant-street, Matto Heath, was charged with being concerned, with six other men, who have been dealt with at the Quarter Sessions this week, in the robbery of a quantity of cloth from the goods station at Rainhill, the property of the London and North-Western Railway Company. Mr. Fenna prosecuted on bchalf of the railway Company. The prisoner pleaded guilty and was sent to gaol for four months with hard labour.

METHODISM AT RUNCORN. The members of Mr. Sirnister's Social Class connected with the St. Paul's Wesleyan Chapel held their third an- nual tea meeting on Wednesday evening in the Brunswick Vestry which was taFtefully decked with foliage plants for the occasion. The tea was served in excellent style and was enjoyed by all. Subsequently an adjournment was made to the upper room where a meeting, principally of a religious nature, took place. Several members spoke of the benefit they had derived from Methodism, parti- cularly from the class, over which Mr. Simister had pre- sided for thirty-seven years. PERFORMANCE OF THE CANTATA "MAGNA CHARTA. " AT

===== 0002601_18940421_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN.

On reference being made to our advertising colums it will be seen that en Monday evening next, in the Run- corn Public jiall, a grand performance of the popular historical cantata " Magna Charta " will be given by the Tonic Sol Fa Band and chorus numbering 180 members. This event has been arranged for the purpose of bring- ing to a happy conclusion the 12th annual session of the Tonic Sol Fa College. The certificates for the successful pupils will be presented by Mr. S. Tizley, graduate of the college, whilst the band and chorus are under the able conductorship of Mr. J. Holford, licentiate of the college. 'The known canabilities of the performers will without doubt, guarantee a very large attendance.

A WIDNES WOMAN'S 108TH APPEARANCE BEFORE TEE MAGISTRATES.

At the Widnes Police Court on Monday, before Mr. H. Wade Deacon and Alderman Timtnis, Rose Kelly was charged with committing a breach of the peace in Lugs- dale Road on Sunday morning and also with doing damage to the extent of as. to a rug, the property of the police, whilst in the cell. This was prisoner's 108th appearance and the Bench sentenced her to seven days' imprisonment for damage to the rug and on the other charge bound her over to keep the peace for two months. She was also threatened, by the Bench that if she came up again before that Court she would be sent to the Sessions as a rogue and vagabond where she would receive a much longer sentexce than could be given her in Widnes.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
BIeITHESDA LITERARY AND SOCIAL CIASS, RUNCORN. _ _ .

On Tuesday evening, the last meeting of the Session of the above class was held in the Bethesda Lecture Hall, when the Rev. J. Simpson delivered an address on the poet Longfellow. The early life Of the poet was briefly described, and his first attempts at verse, which were in no wise remarkable for any extraordinrry dis- play of genius, for the poet was more noted for his plodding character than for any brilliancy of intellect. Though lacking the subtlety of Browning, with his obscure though luminous darkness, and also the intense sweetness of Tennyson, Longfellow, with his pure and simple style, had won a well-deserved popularity because of his direct appeals to the affections of home and kin- dred. At the close of the meeting, a vote of thanks was moved to Mr. Simpson and warmly confirmed by the members, for his kindness in having given thorn the series of literary addresses.

- Amidnomi

RUNCORN CYCLING CLUB.

High Leigh was the rendezvous of the Wednesday riders ot the above club,a start being made from Devon- shire Square at 2.30. After a pleasant ride their destina- tion was reached. Previous to having tea the members engaged in a football match, by way, perhaps, of creat- ing an appetite. Tea being over, a couple of hours were spent in social enjoyment, songs being rendered by many of the members. At length the return journey was commenced and accomplished in about ninety minutes.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

On Tuesday the ordinary fortnightly meeting of this Board was held at the Workhouse Dutton. There were present the Revs. J. W. Tanner, and G. Hanby, Messrs. Mclntyre (ex-chairman), J. Knowles (ex-vice-chairman). J. Brandreth, H. E. Heywood, W. Pickering, J. W. Baguley, C. T. Whitley. S. Woodward, J. Stokes, T. Lewis, E. Aaron. C. W. Davenport, W. Whitlow, T. Baxter C C., J. Weir, S. Taylor, J.P., %V. Handley, A. R. Norman, T. Lea, D. H. Jones, and S. Yarwood, with Mr. John Ashton, clerk; and Mr. George • Ashton, deputy clerk.

RE-APPOINTMENT OF THE CHAIRMAN AND VICE- CHA I [MAN.

The CLERK intimatecl-tl-i-a—t--;;ibis was the first meet- ing of the Guardians after the 15th April, their duty was to elect a chairman.—The Rev. J. W. N. Tanner proposed, Mr. Heywood seconded, and it was unani- mously carried that Mr. John Mclntyre be again elected chiirman for the ensuint; year.—The CHAIRMAN in accepting the post said that he certainly esteemed it a high honour to be again elected chairman if that Board. He had great pleasure in proposing Mr. J. Knowles to support him in the vice-chair.—Mr. WEIR seconded and the motion was agreed to.—Mr. J. Knowles briefly returned thanks for again placing him in the position of vice-chairman.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ELECTION OF COUMITTEF.S.

The Assessment, School Attendance, Finance, and Visiting Committees were all re-appointed, no alteration being made in the constitution. Mr. D. B. Jones pro- posed, and after some discussion it was carried, that the Visiting Committee meet in future at 12-30 every alter- nate Board day.

THE CLERICS REMUN ERATION. A letter from the Local Government Board was read sanctioning the payment of £35 to the Clerk for his ser- vices during the past year.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
REMUNERATION OF TEACHERS.

The Local Governmont Board forwarded copies of an order certifying the sums due from the councils in respect of the year ending Mirch 31st, 1894.. in substitu- tion for the local grants towards the remuneration of teachers in Poor Law Schools. This showed that Ches- ter paid to Altrincha.m £3O; Nantwich £3 6s. Bd. ; Run- corn £75 6. 10d. ; and Tarvin £29 Bs.

; THE BOARD AND THE RUNCORN ENQUIRY OFFICER. A copy of a letter addressed to Mr. Bowyer, relative to his appointment of enquiry officer for the Runcorn district, was forwarded by the Local Government Board. The letter asked whether the Local Government Board were right in assuming that scho.l fees for non•pauper children in the district were being paid under the prov- isions of section 2 of the Elementary Education Act, 1891. It also stated that under all the circumstances of the case, they concurred with the Guardians in the opinion that it was inexpedient that he should retain the office of enquiry officer. Before, however, acceding to the application of the Guardians to determine the appointment, the Board thought it right to inform him of their views on the subject, in order that he might have an opportunity of voluntarily resigning the office, and they requested, at once, to bl informed whether he was prepared to adopt that course. —Mr. Handley asked the Clerk if the fees for pauper children were being paid according to the section mention ed.—The Clerk replied in the affirmative.—Mr. Heywood also answered " ses ' and added that the amount that quarter was' us. 2d. THE BOARD'S SCHOOL ATTENDANCE OFFICERS.

The appointment of Messrs. G. Jones, F. A. Jenkins, and S. Tomlinson, as school attendance officers in the Union at salaries of £35 £3O and £l5 per annum respec- tively was approved by the Local Government Board, who also requested particulars referring to the appoint- ment of Mr. J. Cooper, as officer of the Weston dis• trict.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
PROPOSED LICENSING OF CLUBS.

A petition from the Right Hon. Sir William Harcourt M.P. was read showing that serious evils arose from various clubs which existed throughout the union in which intoxicating Ii quors were sold to the members without any limit as to the hours during which they could be obtained. The pet itioners believed that the licensing of such clubs, and the restriction of hours for .selling intoxicants, would not only create an appreciable revenue and tend to reduce pauperism but would be a great benefit to the community at large. They, trusted that such an alteration would be effected.—The Clerk pointed out that the petition required the law to be amended so that clubs would b 2 closed at the same time as ordinary public houses.

THE LOCAL GOVERNMENT ACT 1894.

The CLERK of the Cheshire County Ceuncil wrote with reference to the Local Government Act for an expres- sion of opinion as to the number of Guardians of adding any towns'.iip to another, of dividing into wards, and as to the retirement of Guardians.—After some dis- cussion the matter was adjourned until the nest meet- ing, many of the Guardians being cf the opinion that the time for such an expression of opinion was inoppor- tune, inasmuch as the subject was being considered by many parishes at that time, but no settlement had been arrived at.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GUARDIANS AND THE RWNCORN COMMISSIONERS.

The Clerk referred to the recent death of a Man named James Curzon, of Wiv ern-place, Runcorn, who at the time was suffering from typhoid fever. He (Mr. Ashton) had seen in the local papers a report of the last Commissioners' meetin4s, at which remarks were made by some of the members having reference to the above case, which, to a certain extent, reflected upon the Guardians' relievine• officer, Mr. Cooke. The latter gentleman called at Mr. Ashton's office and reported the whole case which was considered sufficiently important to be taken down in writing. He understood that the case had been referred to the Local Government Board by the Commissioners and most likely the Guardians would receive a coMmunication regarding it from the Local Government Board. Re thought therefore it was advisable to read to the Guardians the report of Mr. Cooke with reference to the matter. Mr. Ashton then read the report which was to the following effect :—On 6th March Mr. Percival, inspector of nuisances to the Commissioners, called upon Mr. Cooke in the evening and s3id that a case of typhoid fever had been reported to him by Dr. Robinson who had advised removal to the hospital. The man was named James Curzon and lived at Wivern-place. He asked Mr. Cooke what he intended to do in the matter. Having questioned him Mr. Cooke said the case was in his (Mr. Percival's) hands, and that it was for him to deal with, as he had received instruc- tions from the Guardians not to interfere with cases of infectious disease which were other than pauper cases. Also that infectious cases,which were not paupers at the time of being reported to him (Mr. Cooke) for removal, were not to be made such for the purpose of throwing certain liabilities on the Guardians which ought to be borne by the Commissioners. Later in the evening Mrs. Curzon called and tcld Mrs. Cooke that her husband was ' was very ill, suffering she thought, from typhoid fever. They were staying with her brother at Wivern Place. When questioned she told Mr. Cooke that her home bad been broken up and in coslsequence she, her husband, and two children had been living for some time with her brother. She said her brother was in work and was single. Dr. Robinson had attended her husbaud since the previous Sunday and that he had ordered his re- moval to the hospital. She had seen Mr. Percival, who had told her that she would require an order from Mr. Cooke before her husband could be removed. Mr. Cooke then told her, in reply, that he had just seen Mr. Percival, and that she needed no order from him to have her husband removed. He added to her that he thought Mr. Percival would be sure to remove her husband that night, so long as he had orders to do so. Replying to Mr. Cooke she said that Dr. Robinson's assistant had seen her husband that day. She then left the house but returned in about half-an-hour saying that she had met Mr. Percival who had sent her back and had told her that it was a medical order she required as he could not remove her husband without one. Mr. Cooke told her that was not so, and that a doctor, and everything else he required, would be provided for him at the hospital. He added that Mr. Percival had been ordered to remove him and if that was not done that night matters might be serious for him. He also ask _A her to call and tell him if he was removed by the following day, and that in the meantime Mr. Ashton should be consulted as to what should be done. He (Mr. Cooke) heard nothing more that night and was quite satisfied that the man was properly lodged, cared for, and receiving medical treatment. The next morning Mr. Ashton approved of his action in the matter, but suggested that Dr. Robin- son should be seen to satisfy himself that he was attend- ing the case. Dr. Robinson told him that Curzon had been removed to the Hospital and that evidently the man had been ill for more than a week befere the 4th of March. Continuing, Mr. Cooke said that Dr. Robin- son had not told the man's wife that he would not attend him further. He did say that the patient would be better in the hospital. On the following Wednesday Dr. Robinson told him that he could not think of attend- ing the case at the hospital unless he had other cases there. A week after removal to the hospi' al the man died, and a few days afterwards Mrs. Cutzm applied for relief which was granted. Mr. Cooke had satisfied him- self that Curzon was not destitute, but on the contrary, as Dr. Robinson was attending him, and he was living with his brother-in-law, he did not require either medical or other relief."—Mr. Heywood said that from the report of their Relieving Officer the case seemed very plain and he thought they should fully endorse the course taken by hitn.—Mr. Taylor remarked that a different case had been presented to the Commissioners by their officer and from what he had heard he thought they were quite prepared to substantiate what they had sent to the Local Government Board.—Mr. Stokes said he quite agreed with the action of their offiaer as pre- sented by the report, but he could not feel sate in expressing an opinion before the other side had been heard. —Mr. Handley was also of the opinion that the case should not be discussed before the other statement was before them.—The Chairman said the Board could, no doubt, defend itself when the crisis came.—lt was ultimately decided to leave the question in abeyance until they received any communication with reference to the matter from the Local Government Board and that in the meantime a committee should be appointed to consider the case brought against the Relieving Officer.

. ".

===== 0002601_18940421_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
THE AGITATION FOR PUBLIC BATHS

AT RUNCGP N.

ENTHUSIASTIC MEETING OF RATEPAYERS. On Wednesday evening a public meeting of rate- payers was held in the Public Hall. Runcorn, to consider the advisability of constructing public baths for the town. The Chairman of tilt,. Board of Commissioners, Mr. S. Taylor, J.P., presided and was accompanied on the platform by Mr. Walter Collier, the prime mover in the question, and Mr. F. A. law clerk to the Commissioners. There was a very large attendance, and the gentlemen named, as they made their appearances on the platform, met with enthusiastic receptions.

Mr. Taylor, having explained that the meeting was convened in consequence of his having received & requisition from several ratepayers, called upon Mr. Walter Collier to open the proceedings. Mr. Collier who was received with and =Ahmed applause, said he had much pleasure in coming there that night to speak on the question of public baths. The matter had been before them for a long time,it was made the cry at every municipal election ; but he hoped that night they would take the matter up in earnest ,and vote for the provision. He contended that baths in their own town could be made self-supporting, inas- much as they would be able to get their water for nothing, and that large numbers of bathers. would pay to take advantage of them. The- site he propos2cl they should select was near to Mr. Yarwood's stables, then in the occupation of the Com- missioners, but reauy belonging to Messrs. Greenall, Whitley and Co., rewers, of Warrington: He had spoken to a direct of this firm a few days ago with reference to the la,' .1 mentioned, and the Durposa for which it might Ex. required. The director Cold him in reply that they would do their best for Ruicorn if the question of public baths was passed. He (Mr. Collier) then went on to deal at some length as to the extent to which the baths would affect the rates, and compared their own rates with those of various other towns. In 1892 the WidneA baths had produced a profit of £29 98. id. ;in 1893, £34 3s. 91. Yet the Widnes baths had been pointed our as a warning. The water was ot course pumped from certain works. He had spOken to five eminent doctors upon the subject, who all agieed that if the provision was madeathe sanitary state of the town would much improve. He had also received a letter from Mr. J. E. Worslev, the coroner for the district, who thought that baths were extremely necessary when it was considered how . Runcorn was intersected with canals, Sic. Continuing, Mr. Collier said that if the erection of baths did add a penny in the £ to the rates that was no reason why they should not have them. He then moved the following resolution :—" That this meet- ing of ratepayers feeling convinced that public baths are necessary for Runcorn urge the Runcorn Board of Commissioners to take the necessary steps for their pro- vision." (Loud applause.) Mr. Thomas Lea seconded.

Mr. Lea said that Mr. Collier had not yet told them how much the baths would cost. They were told about id. in the £ but he was rather doubtful whether a penny rate would cover the costs. kHear, hear.) Mr. Collier replied that they could have one CO by 30 feet which would cost £2,000, repayable in 30 years. If they had a first class bath towards which he felt more favourable, it would cost £3,000, the interest on which would amount to £163, being ask-A for the cost of main- taining other baths than Widnes Mr. Collier said the Warrington baths cost £193 per year.—the receipts were £lB2,—loss £11; St. Helens : cost £244, loss £BB ; show- ing that a .1-1. rate at St. Helens maintained their bath. The governing authority there was so convinced of the benefit of baths that £3,000 was to be borr.wed fdr the erection of another bath. (Applause.) Birk r:lie:,(s baths cost per year £671, receipt £491, loss £lBO ; Haaley ; cost £753, receipts £735, gain £32. Others were also co,:ted,

. Mr. Ct-.)io, after que:itioning some of Mr. Crllier'S figure!, thought a 3.1. rate ‘i as more likely t;e:cq•:irod than a 1(1. one.

Mr. Collier replied that his scheme was to get the water free therefore they would have no need t€ 4 spend money upon water. (Applause.) That being so the baths would be self-supporting. A Voice: The water you speak of has been condemned as unfit for domestic purposes, so that if you are going to swim in it and swallow any, where will the doctors be?—

Mr. Collier : The water was analysed a few days ago and pronounced "good."

Another Voice: Have we any guarantee that we shall be _able to get the water free of cost.

Mr. T. Lea answered in the affirmative.

Mr. Boyle spoke in favour of the proposition saying that a swim stimulated a man for his work, and baths afforded boys opportunities to learn to swim. lie did not think Runcorn was too heavily rated to go to the necessary expenditure and most likely in the end, the provision might possibly reduce the rates. Captain Le Couteur thought that it was very desirable that baths should be provided in Runcorn. He had often taken his boys over to Widnes for the purpose of letting them swim,and have had to pay the extra bridge fare.

Mr. Cooke said there were lots of folks in Runcorn who had bard:work to live without having to pay to get a bath. As for the Coroner he lived out of Runcorn, and there were not many medical gentlemen living in the town favourable to the proposal at the present time. Mr. Collier intimated that in some places special terms were issued for school children to bathe, so that every child would have the opportunity. There was only one place in Runcorn where a person could get a bathe if he had the misfortune ever to go there. That was at the Workhouse, and the officials would not admit a man without he had first been bathed. (Laughter and ap- plause.) _

Mr. buckett approved of the propositicl and was will- ing in company with others to contribute £5 to the scheme. He often went to Widnes to bathe, but some- times that bath was full, and on more than one occasion he had travelled to Liverpool for the purpose of having a swim.

Mr. Kniveton thought that what was wantod more immediately were public works in the neighbourhood, and they would never get them if their rates were stall increasing. He was a supporter of baths, but the pre- sent was not the time to push the question forward. The Chairman assured them there was no one more favourable to the question than himself. He had, for a long time, felt very strong on the subject, because he believed that cleanliness was the first duty of every in- dividual. (Applause.) However much he would like to see baths in Runcorn, they must remain cognizint of the fact that baths, such as Runcorn required would cost four to five thousand pounds. That amount they would have to pay back with interest in 30 years, and he pre- sumed that would amount to over 2d. in the £ of itself. Then there was the question of maintenance. Mr. Leach, at the last Board meeting had given a large amount of information on the maintenance of Laths in various parts of the country. The baths in Northwich, wh4ch they all knew were splendid ones, were given by a local gentleman who defrayed the whole cost and so made them free ; but Mr. Leach had told them that the loss to the town through maintaining them was £260 last year. Then at St. Helens he had said that each bather was a cost to the rates of sd. But as far as they were concerned ha , Runcorn he, (the chairman) was prepared to freely and willingly pay his proportion if such a provision was made. They must nbt however lose sight of the rates. Through the number of improvements that hal been effected in the town during the last year it had necessi- tated their again levying the 23. 10d. rate and although the committee had sat one night last month from seven o'clock to eleven yet they could not bring the rate down; on the contrary to keep the rate at 2e. 101 they were forced to drop some of the improvements. He would very much like to see baths in Runcorn, but he thought the present time wis inopportune. Should the meeting decide in favour of baths then he hoped the Commii- sioners would take the proposal into their favourable consideration, but he feared that when the ratepayers thought the matter over seriously they would object to to it at present.

Mr. Collier having replied, and several other expres• - sions of opinion in favour and against having ben given, the Chairman put the proposition to Lhe meeting with the result that it was carried with a large majority amid loud and prolonged cheering. Mr. T. Lea said he should certainly support the ques- tion before the Commissioners on the strength of that meeting,.—Mr. Collier after thanking the audience moved a vote of thanks to Mr. Taylor which was accorded with enthusiasm. The proceedings then terminated.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
LYMM.

DEATH OF A LOCAL MERCHANT.—On Monday evening, Mr. J. H. Simpson, of Oughtrington, son of the late Mr. James Simpson, at one time a member of the Lymm Local Board, died from the effects of an attack of pneumonia. The deceased gentlgman, who has left a widow to mourn his loss, was a well-known hay and straw dealer. He was scized with illness on Wednesday of last week, and was then attended by Dr. Williamson, of Lynam. On Sunday his condition grew worse, and despite all medical aid he succurnla(td on Monday even— ing.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
HALTON.

NEW POOR RATE FOR HALTON.—At the Runcorn Petty Sessions on Monday the magistrates, Messrs. A. Thomas,, T. Rigby, and F. J. N-,rrnan, affixed their signatures to the new poor-rate for Halton of is. 3d. in the £ which is estimated to realize £396 19s. 84d. TEA MEETING AND ENTERTAINMENT.—About 130. members of the senior classes in connection with the Parish Church Sunday school with their teachers par- took of tea, at the k:nd invitation of Mrs. Wray, in the girls' schoolroom on Friday evening. The tea, which proved very enjoyable to all, was followed by a pre- sentation to Richard Withington for regular attendance and good conduct. The Vicar presented the prize which is an annual one offered by Miss Wright to her class. On the motion of Mr. Joseph Stokes, seconded by Miss Wright, a hearty vote of thanks wa• accorded the host and hostess. Subsequently, Messrs. B. Walton, Paton, and Leach, and the Rev. G. D. Wray rendered songs after Which dancing was indulged

• . •

===== 0002601_18940421_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
GWILYM

EVANS'

QUININE

BiTTERS.

GWILYM

EVANS'

QIIININS

BITTERS.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
GWILYM

EVANS'

QUININE

BITTERS

GWILTiI

VAS'

QUININR

BITTER

===== 0002601_18940421_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE M 'a(4ISTRA YES.

MESSRS. W. D. HOUGHTON AM) SO-NS AND THEIR. W EIGHTS. • _

• At the Warrington Cour ty Poty Sessions on Wednes- day, Mr. W. D. Houghton of the firm of Messrs. W. D. Houghtcn and Sons, Sankey Wire Mills, was charged with having on the 30th March unjust wgiights which were also unstamped —Mr. S. Wallbead represented the detendants.—lnspector Spencer stated that on Friday, the 30th. of March he visited Mr. Houghton's Wireworks, Sankey Bridges. On going into one room he found a pair of scales and a set of weights from 581bs. down- wards all unstamped. He asked the man in charge about them and he said he did not think it wa?necessary to have thPm stamped. They adjusted them AS they thought they required it. The foreman, Mr.Sinnonette, told him !hey were used for wei=hing wire as it came from the workmen, and that the worltmcn were paid for the weight of wire registered by the scale. The weights were found to be light from two drachm downwards.— In cross-examination by Mr. %%railhead, witness tt dmittPd that there was no inteution to defraud as the weights were in favour of the men.—Mr. Wallhead contended that the weights were not therefore twins% With regard to the charge of having them unstamped he suhmitted that the act was intended to prevent persons from being deceived. The weights in question were not used in trade, being merely in use in the inter-process of manu- facture. The wire was weighed again before it went to the purchaser on scales which toe Inspector had c-rtitied to be correct. He also stated that by the regulations ap- proved by the County Council, it nas the Inspector's duty to vkit the works once in twelve month, and to give the owners notice to have their scales and r weiihts used in the process of manufacture officially stamped and adjusted. This the Inspector had not done.—The Chair- man said they had decided not to convict on either of the chrges,ut hp considered that all weights used in manu- facture should be stamped.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WAI:RINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COUIIT.

SATURDA Y.—Before i\lesrs J. Bur2ess (chairman), and J. Geddes.

Dossa-rmt.—Frederiek Islem was remanded to Strange. ways so await an escort, on tie charge of deserting from Tf. M. Kent Regiment, stationed in Athlone, since April 7th.. MONDAY.—Before Messirs, F. Monks (chairman), J. W. Hayward and S. Wright. DRUNKENNES9.—Fur tils it-fence. Joseph Gkiver, 7, Bank-street, was fined ss. ; at d James Roth well, 48, School Brow, ss. THEFT FROM A SLAUGHTER HOUSE.—WfBiaM Phillips, 43, Hopwood-street, and John Kellv, 17, Ship Yard:, were each charged with stealing on Saturday, 651ba of fat valued 10s., the propel tv of John Cross, butcher, Priestly-street. The two prisoners are butcher's assis- tants, and each have worked for Mr. Cross some time ago. The prisoner Phillips Cam. to Mr. Cross's Yard on Saturday afternoon, and asked a boy in,the employ of Mr. Cross, named Shipley to go to a neighbouring butcher's shop to see if a man whom Phillips wished to see was there. The boy went a little distance, and then returned. The prisoner I.ael then gone away, and soon afterwards Mrs. Cross missed the fat. In the mean- time, another boy named Green wrioil came on horse bark to the shop, and he had noticed the two prisoners walk• inn over Froghall Bridge. Greenwood immediately went after them, and caught Phillips in Kendriak-street, Kelly being some yards in front. Greenwood asked Phillips where he was taking the fat, aarl the prisoner then gave up the fat. Drtective 'Alonaghan subse- quently arrested the two prisoners in the tiolden Grove public -house and when charged, Kelly denied stealing the fat, and Phillips said that it was not Kelly who. had taken it, but himself. The magistrates discharged Kelly as there was no evidence against him, and fined Phillips 20s. including costs. THE PRISON PREFERRED —Kate Ann .Jones, a young woman aged 18 years, residing at 8, Aitliton-street, was charged with tieing drunk and disorderly in Pinner's Brow on April 7th. P.C. Mt acock wowed the case. The girl did not appear to realise her position at all, hut ' looked around the court with a most amused air, occa- sionally breaking out with a laugh. The Chief Con- stable told her that this was not a !aughing matter, but this had no effect upon her at all. When asked what she had to say for herself she said she would rather go to prison. They would perhaps make her behave her- self when she came out again. The Bench fined the girl 53., or seven days' imprisonment. A Ganh Bticp.—Thnmas Troy, a loafer who has been to the sessions time after time, and been committed for various periods up to twelve months, was charged with stealing from Arthur Peacock, in the Market Place, on Saturday night, a silk handkerchief, valued 3s. 61 From the Chief Constable's statement, Wappeared that the prisoner was seen by Mr. Peai.ork to take the hand- kerchief off the stall Arhile his attention was occupied by custwer. Mr. Peacock caught hold of liii;n and held him for some time but as a crowd gathered round, he let him go. He was afterwards arrested by Detective Monaghan.—Arthur Peaco( k, who was called, said that when he caught hold of the prisoner, the latter begged him to let him go on he would he sent off for seven years.—The prisoner was committed to the Liverpool I Sessions of trial. TUESDAY.—Before Mr. E S. GOA (chairman) and Dr. Starkey Smith. TEMPORARY AllTHOßiTY.—Jarnes Wilson applied for temporary authority to sell at the Higher Seven Stars in place of Mr. Craddock. The appliegtitin was granted. Darrisx AND DISORERLY.—MaTV GIIRICS Was dismissed on a charge of being drunk and disorderly in Butter. rnarketstreet on promising to take the pledge. BRCTAL WIFE ASSAULT.—John C are, market gardener, was charged with assaulting and beating his wife on the 13th inst. Mrs. Clare stated .that on her husband returning home drunk on the previous Friday night he got hold of the poker and threatened to strike her son. She interposed and her husband then twisted her arms and struck her about the body. • She was almost unable to walk the following day, and she was frequently assaulted by him. He never gave her any money, and what he earned was spent in drink. He also pawned .articles whilst she was at her stall in the market.— Thomas Garner said he had been lodging with the com- plainant six weeks. For the last four weeks he had never seen the prisoner come home sober. He had seen him assault Mrs. Clare twice. Mr. Plass; market inspec- tor, said the prisoner was a drunken worthless man,and he often came and abused his wife in the market. The Chairman said the prisoner had assaulted his wifs in a most brutal manner and he would he sent to prison for I three months' hard labour and a separation order was I granted.

EDNESDAY.—Before Mr._ John Fairclough (chairman)

and Mr. John G,.ddes.

A3SAULTING A POLICEMAN.—WiIIiaM Stevens, cal) driver, living with his parents at Union Court, 'was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Bridge- street at 4.30. the previous afternoon and further charged with assaulting P.C. John Berry. Prisoner pleaded guilty. P.C. Berry stated that at 430 the pre- vious afternoon he saw the prisoner comint! down Re- lands-street. He was drunk, and tumbled agsinst door of Mosirs. Johnson's shop, and he (witness) fol- lowed him to Union Court. As the prisonet's fAce wetS, eeding 1-,e asked him had he fallen from off a cab

===== 0002601_18940421_art0110.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

47-

===== 0002601_18940421_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
IIY ? ? WILY ?

Why do von enntinfl .to stiffer on Tncl ea- tion, nervous .li. eh.s, afr.etion. 1 ver eom 1 int. impov-,ished I.lnod or* wrnken-d sv tern wh,elt entail ePas .1 ss anxieties s oiten rae, p iii he!, h. re IA ;‘t band a rhea:land effeetive remedv tor these ailments in Own.vm I•titANs' QtTtNtst: BT ,TERS?

===== 0002601_18940421_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
WHY?

Why nre vm vypt,'. Qoinitie "Bitt:=rs so rieemmer,led. +ma ihe fif,mand for th,r.m inerea.in., mitt) such w•parAllelled rahidity ? Simply beean e experiexee proves them to be

.* TUE BFST 7-EMFTT (YI, TEE Anr..".

wut ?

Nniv Are the Qiiinine Ritterc enns!riered The Perfection of Melici,ol Prep, rit inns ?"

BFCATT`E. RI,CATT4F.,

I. Thov r r rru Tv VFGFT ABLE, nd con- tain neither iron nor mercury.

TlrC 1,17313

2.—They for-, f• h,o,v eomhiontion of medi- cines hither ,ot s,reeessfoliv flipren.e4l in- eeed. the rron, rfin. of eh ingrOie t rowt, he meAsored wi*h RCPUIrsieY 1,1 the mar n Pto eneore the mos' Pffect;ve appgration of 'he oeeiii virtu of peril The sweessfu` eombinmtion of these virtues was eh invaluable dise,very.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
BECAUSE

3.—The oninine Pitter enkiv the copfirlener n` the I.adl' g r eeie 1 mei. ;n all ili-triets in wt;ieh they have Iva a reir and continued trial They are safe and c, rtain.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
BVCATTqii

4 Tl,ey are caperinr ta env ntber Mad of Bitters rrepareil. All who buy them say so.

PRICE; :Tht 1,9 at 2e. 91. ard 3s. 61. ; may be had from all or postfree direc 'from the proprietor.—

QUININ E BITTERS MANUFACTURING COMPANY.

LIMITFD. LLANELLY. SOUTH WALES

===== 0002601_18940421_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
whereupon the prisoner struck witness on the tame caus- ing his mouth to bleed. A seiltle ensued in the house, in which th'le prisoner's grandmother got hurt. Witness left him in the house, but he again came out into Bridge- street and used most abusive language-. With the a-sist- .ince of another constable the prisoner was brought to the police statim—P.C. Dean gave evidence as to the bad language used by the prisoner, and said they had to carry him to the police station.—The Cktairman thought the officer had exceeded his duty in entering the house where the prisoner lived. A fine of 10s. and costs, or fourteen thys imprisontnent was imp Sod. THURSDAY.- .Before Alderman Sutton (chairman),Major Ride.way and Councillor James Fairclough. ASSAULT ON A MFR.—Thomas Melia was charged with assaulting his wife Mary Melia on April 17 h. Th, complainant•said that her husband hid abused her for some time, and on the day in question he came home from his work and accused her of being drunk. and .'ruck her in the eye. The present case was the eefend- ant's ninth appearance at court. He was fined 104, and costs or 14 days' imprisimtnout, and 4 separatioo order was granted The defendant was ordered to pay 6s per week towards his wife's maintenance.

SCHOOL CASE9.—The following per.ons wore sum- moned for the irregular attendance of their children at school :—John Meakin, 10, School Brow, 14. ; WilPam Dannett, 57. Elqwlev-lane, 24. 6i.; Peter nrr«.ll, 1, CroAey-street, 5. ; Patrick lie=.ley, 3, Sehool-strert. 44.; Martin Carey, Old-rr,ad, 2s. V., and boy ordered to attend St. Mary's S:thool ; James Swindells, 247, Win- wick-road, 24. 641. ; 'John Kriiht, 3, Silver Square, 2s. 6 I. ; Saintol Bvckett, Old Gardens, 2a. 6d. ; William Lloyd, 60, Orford-lane, 24. 6d.

WARRINGTON COUNTY PET rY SESSION.

WEDNESDAY.—Before Mr. George _Comber (chairman).

and Mr. John White_.

s.-- - DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—The following were dealt witli tor tWsoffence : Samuel Jones. on the 14th inst., at Liverpool-road, Sankov Bridges ; Peter Manni,m, and Mlchael Quinnv on the 14th inst, at Woolston. UNMUZZLED Doos.—J.lin Present. Burton wood, and Vim. Holtnes.Woolston were each fined 74. 6d. including costs 1r allowing their dogs to be at large unmuzz,ed. CYCLISTS AND THEIR LAMPS,JoSiah Houghton and Alfred singleton, were charged with having on the 5,11 inst., ridden bicycles at 8.15 p.m. in Winwick-road, Orford without having lighted lamps. They were each fined 54. including costs. TRANSFER OF LICENCE.—GeorgeF.ix applied for the Itransfer ot the licence of the Red Lion I ,n, Rixton, t., John Young. The application was gTa-,t,d. BREACH OF Tint WEIGHTS AND MEASURES ACT.—Wm. Monks-, Warrington, was charged with ha viig for sale on the 2911 March at Pouiton.nine sacks of coal without having metal labels attached as requirei by a be-law of the Weights and Measures Act. P.C. Head stated ' that about 1.30 in the aft-,rnoon of the date named he saw the defendant in charge of a horse and lurry. with coal at Poulton. There were 19 sacks of coil, and nine were without the labels. The defence w..s that the labels had got knocked -off and that some of the libels were found at the bottom of the lurry. A fine of 54. and costs was imprserl.

_ CRUELTY TO A HORSE.—Mary Leigh, 60, TurneretrePt, Warrington, was charged with having on theNtlTMarch cruelly illtreated a horse by working it in an unfit sta e. The constable stati•med at t.rford stated that on the 197 h of the previous month he saw the defendant in charge of a horse drawing a cart load of rags wid bones. The horse was suffering from a wound which was bleeding at the time. He painted it out to the defendant and she made very light of it. She alO gave him the wrong name and address. The magistrates fined the defendant 53. and costs. • .

• . CHARGED WITH STEALING A SOVEREIGN. —Sam ti el Hackett, employed on the Ship Canal at Rixton, was charged with stealing a Sovereign from a table in the Eagle and Child Inn, Rixton, the money of Jams Beckett, on the 13th of April. Prisoner pleaded ri-4 guilty. Th. ermplainant sated that he lived at 74. Portland-itrett, Newtown, Manchester, and was a manure dealer On Saturday last he was at the Eagle and Child pu!lic-house, Bixton, between one and two o'clock. The prisoner was in the room whin he ent<Ted with Several others. Witness paid for dripks for them, and took out of his pocket a sovereign, and placed it on the table. The prisoner put his hand on It and after- wards lett the roan. P.C. Riley, stationed at Riston, said he apprehended the prisoner on the 14th inst. on the charge of sealing a sovereign. The prisoner said he knew nothing of it. H found -2,1 83. 641. in money in the prisoner's possession. The prisoner fcr the defence called a vri•ness who was in the publio-hause at • the time, who stated that the complainant wished to bet the ,overeign wi•ii the landlord on some prze fi,liter, and when the landlord refused, he placed the sovereign in his pocket again. The inagistras said there was not sufficient evidence to convict the prisoner, and dis- charged him.

NEWTON PETTY SESSIONS.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
SATURIAY.—Bernre Mr. T. J. Citilclpip (chairman), Messrs. J. L. Wood, H. Stone, N. McGorquodale, and

T. U. Pearinn.

THEATRICAL LicErzsE —Thomas Latimer applied for and was granted a th• atrical license for twelve months at the Misqinn lill. Earlestown.

Trig NEW RATP..--.-Ort the application of Mr. Henry Houghton, assistant overseer, a new rate oE is. in the £ was laid for the township of N.-wton. MORE DOG OWNERS IN TROUBLE.—For allowin.ss. their dogs to be at large untruzzled the following persons were &sit wiTh —On the 29th ult.. at Hayelm.k, William Lowie, 2.4. ; April 1. at Haydock, James Ti' lor. 2s. 6i; 25th ult., at Newton, James Lewis, 7s. 6 ult.; at Winwick, Times Eave, 7. 61. ; April 3rd. at E trlestown, Fred Unsworth, 74. 6 ; Aoril 3rd. a New- ton, A. Smith, 7s. 61. ; April 6th. Michat.l Kells-, ar Vitriol Square, Eldest/own, 7s 61. The following persons were fined for keeping dogs without- licenses. Jane Rill Jones.Goltv‘rne, dismissed on paytncre of rusts; William Roberts. Golhorne, 7.. 6,1. and costs; .Joseph Else, Go!. bourne, 7s. 6d. and costs. DatiNKENNF.ss —Jos. ph Sznith,Flaydr.clr, was fiord and costs for being drunk. The to:lowin.! wsre drat with for being drunk and disorderly Parkinson. at Haydock. 23. 61 and costs ; John Ms ran, Golborne. 23. 61. and costs; Patriek Haver, Patrick Lyons, Thomas ',gess., at Haydock. on th, 771, inst.. ss. and costs; John Sut`ori, at Haydack, on the 9th. 2. 61 and costs ; Thomas qavey, at Haydock, ou the fith Jan- uary, 23. 6d..and enStP. REFUSING Ti) QUIT.—John Twist was charged with being drunk and disorderly on the 31.4 Nlarch :inn! re- fusing to quit the licensed. premises of James landlord of the Manor Arms, Golb .me. Prisoner pleaded fie was fined 74, 61. and cnits. _ _ _

ALLEGE!) ASSAULT ON A SALVATIONIST.—D3vid lonia nd was chargrd with bf at log and assalttin,, rtpr Riobv, salvationist sergeant on the Bth inst. 'the comn'ainant stated that on the date named he was in the S.dvation Army Barracks, ICmg-street, Earlestown, when the de- fendant came in and commenced making a noise. Wit- ness had to put him out, and when he (witness) left the barracks some time afterwards the prisoner knocked him down: The complainant called no Wittlf.SS,..3 in support of his statement. A witness for the defence contended that no blows were struck, and that there was no mis- vanduct on the part of the drfendant ta be put out of the barracks. The magistrates dismissed the case.

RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS.

MoNDAY.—Befcre Messrs. A. Thomas (in the chair), T.

R•ghr. and F. J. Nornian.

TEMPORARY A tiTIIOIIITY.—The Benet, granted the transfer of the license of the Dog and Partridge ELAM, Halton-road, Runcorn, from Enc.cla Watson to John Ackerley. UNLICENSED Docs. —Albert Nargel, Annie Hutchinson, and Edgar L.twton were each fined ss. and costs for mg. lecting to license ttEir dogs. OBSCENE LANGUAGE.—MAry Austen was fitied 54. and costs for making us-. of obscene language in Granville-t. cn the 9!-..h April.

EFFECTS OF " TUE FLOWING BOWL."—For h.ing &link and disorderly Kato Rams.fen, Mary Ann r, and Samuel Gregory were oath lined 54., the beemvi defendant being ordtTed to pay 8-4. 6 !. cos,.s also. • OFFENCE AGAINST TE ISIARGIEP7E Ac .—OCCr Hay, OtnlrCh-trt'ett WEE snmmmied for en)2sl:g for sale a ciailtitity of margarine not proprr!y Evidence was tenrwed in support of. the prosccut ion after which the defenettat admitted VI., &nee slFitig that it had been committed by pure actileitt. Ms wife, had tempdrarily removFd the label ard ws.ilst it. was moved, the inspector entered the shop —Fined 103. and costs.

ISIDECEN:r BEHAVIOUR.—AIice Han-Irvin i wpii.knnwn character, WM sontenced to three multi' imprtiment for being guilty of indecent behaviour 6,n the 14th April in Brook-street.

NEGLECT OF EDUCATION.—The following person were each fined 53. including ores for neglect iriv to semi their children regularly to school :—William lis sen fligh4 street,Thomas flushan, Water-street; RAph Rivenscroft 6, Lyon-street and John Hallman, Sutton-street.

WIDNES POLICE COUR r.

MoNney.—Before H. Wade Deacon and Alderman

Tim mis.

DRIMIXENNF.qS —Ntrick Verdon, 42, Cromwell sr , and John Bryan, 30, Majr Cross-st., were each fined 2 . 6d. for drunkenne-s.

I BREACH OF VIE PEACR.—Michael C.)nnellr. TV). fiv.ri abode, was charged with committing, a hreaeh of 'filo peace in Mersey-road on the 15th inst., and was h urd i• over to keep the peace for three raorAll,-, or in default !seven days' imprisonment. WENT IN FOR SOCKS.—Mary Ann Gaynor, of 11, Liii- son-st.. was charged with stealing six pair! ot Hicks, value 3s. 61. the prorerty of Mr. Arthur W-rter- loo-rnad ; also a worn .n's bodicr, value 24. 6'. the pro- perty of Messrs. Dedil, drapers, Waterloo.riad.—The defendant pleaded guilty and expressed sorrow f.r wha- she had done,—As this was her first offence she was bound over to keep the peace for three months. ,

WORTH KNOWIN,I.—WOODEND'S FAM.0173 MAR OILS. is bon to suffen-rs and acts like magic in all ea of RHEUMATISM, SPRAINS. BRUISRS end STIFF JOINTS Pr! .e Is. 41. ter bottle, carriage paid.—J.lVooDclb. chemist. 22. Pitt-street, Liverpcol.—.Adrt.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
Foo MALL.

•,,* Secretaries of Football Clubs are requested to note the reports of matches played on Saturday must be sent to the head office, liewsey-street. Warrington, not later than tell o'clock on Wednesday morning.

GEORGIi G. BUSREY n d Co. are leading makers of Footballs. Hockey, Golf, t•nd requisites for Sports Games. and Gymnas'a. Catalovue may he had on application to the Qports Manufactory, Peckham, London, S.H. BEST CE.BC, BRAND. _

RUGBY. WARRINGTON v. STOCKPORT.

These teams met for the second time this season an Saturday, the first encounter resulting in a win for Stockport. The attendance was verb, good despite other attractions, and those who were present witnessed a fine exhibition by the Warrington team, whose combination was almost, perfection. Jolley was away from the home side, and Beard absent from the !Stockport team, softie teams 'met on equal terms. Turner started against the breeze, and though the exthanaes were in favour of the home side,Heesotn and Evans kicking well.the forwards early demonstrated thrir superiority. giving the backs a big advantage, so that the Issue was practically never in doubt. 'rho Bates showed up their characteristic passing. and Evans and Cross followed suit, ,bitt one transfer was ruled forward. Buckley led the home side nearer to the line. and Saville just Stormed in time .to save disaster. Heesom took a kick cleverly from Bailey, and though James Bate had a kick charged down, Hee- salts wasbandy.and Stnckport were kept back defending. James Bate next kicked well, whilst a rush by Taylor, Nevins, and Turner, saw Charlton sa.vires huskily. Evans took a wido pass from John Bate, bur Williams taskled the local before he could get thornughlv into his stdde. The visitors now got the better of a scrimmage and Hee- som was tested, hut the usual prienpt reply was forth- coming. and Williams having a kick charged John Bate scored from a line-nut, and Potts kirks,' a fine anal from the place. Cross was anpla tided for fine play soon after the re-start. Evans was next given a chance hut the ta• king was safe, whilst Nevins. Tinnier. and Carey indulged in some slasrp transfers, the three qu irter being held. Saville reheard slightly, but the Bates again passed freely, and a try was lost through foul taekline. Potts made his mark mader diffisplties, bat a fine display ended in Thorniley having the oval kisksd from beneath him when in the act of aroundina. Nevins was twice applauded for clever War, and then the S:1117e paver got in under the posts, only to find the verdict against him. Warrinatom were rightly penalized,and this proved a source of relief to he visitnrs. The respite was of short duration, for Warrington returned to the alt irk 111 stranger force, and fanny:in., gnial work by Berry. Dakin. and Taylar, a too strict attention by Davies in John Bate cnst his side 3 goal, Pots doing the needful from a somewhat ease p'aCe. This last reverse smile. I to have an effect on the visitors, for on the restatt they ' invaded the local qaartsrs for the first time. The War- rington goal was endangered for a few minute?, sand it chance was missed by Hasnett. Saville accepted a pass from Firkin', but Crn-s flaored his man well. The Stockport forwards tonk advantage ofash-lit relaxation of the home side, and not to the Warrington quarter flag again, and it was finally left to Carey to clear the invaders out, following which i came narrow escapes Dorn scoring by Evans, Potts, Cross and Carey. A minute before the call of halt-time James Bate threw across to Evans, and this player ran in an ex- cellent try, and no goal being placed, Warrington led at tl,e .interval by two goals and a try to nil. Saville restartal,and as generally was extascted with the the aid of the wind the lore's soon resnined their eves- sive tactics. Passing by Jha Bate, Turner. Cross, and Evans saw the latter having it she at goal with a futile result. Scrambling forward played claimed attention for a lengthened period, until Saville got the leafier away only to see Hsesom return with iaterest. James nab. tricked his opponents splendidly, and although' opportunities were missed, the oval was wotked across for rarer to score ars ease try, another anal being re- corded from the tilace. A fine forward rush a minute later saw James Bate scoring far nut, whilst Saville was compeller) to kick dead from another rush. Another brilliant exhibition of passing, started by the Bates, saw Evans running in a second try, which was productive of the fourth goal. Stockport tiled hard to stern the tide of ill-luck which had set in against them, and though Bailey and Flasnett ran well, the locals were always too smart for them, and after the Bates had indulged in another bout of characteristic play, Carey kicked jivticiously, and Berry struggled over with a host of opponents clinging to him. The point was overruled, but success attended James Bate from the following scrimmage, and like his first try, no gob was placed. The visitnrs were be .ten completely, and time came as a relief to them, this being lie:Wiest defeat they have sustained this season. Final score :—War- rinston, 4-3-3; Stockpart, nil. Teams :—Warrington F. Heesom, back ; Carey, C. Potts, Crass and J. W. Evans, three-quarters; James Bate and John Bate (cap- • tain), I,alf hacks; Fair. Turner; W. Nevins, J. Taylor, G. D ukin, J. T. Tharnilev, J. Berry,Bitekley, and Bailey,, forwards. Stockport: Chorlton, bark ; Bailey, Siville, WiFiernes and Hasnett, thres-cparters ; Pickard and Davis'. halt hacks ; PottF, Bailey, Mothsrslicad, Speet, King, Wood, Morton and Lord, forwards. WARRINGTON A. v. STOCKPORT A.—A consider:Ws number of spectators witnessed this match at Stockport on Saturday. At the outset Lawless effected a clearance, and a fine loose ru,ti be Hamoson, Burrows. Ratlines, and Fairhurst, forced the leather right to the linesStock- portenneeding a minor ,to avert disaster. Abbey and Mills then sat away strongly to midfield, hut Gibson be smart work, nullified the advaritigt A ne4t bit of play' by Heathente found Watrington pressed back into their quarters whive Chapman punted well. Stockport, how- ever. attacked visor-n:lv, Lawless relievieg the limis , ustil Heathcnte dribtilesi hack finely. The home for- ,

ward: were much stronl:er in the pack, but Warrington „getting; the hall lo,se aid headed by Hampsmn, Wilcox, Holmes wid Houghton 'dribbled to midfield. This wa: folowed by a grand ru:h headed by Havgleon,Feareley, F tirhurd and Handles, and from a pack Lawless ran in but, the placed failed. Again Wilt:ix, Hampson, Bur- rows ;Ind Ft arttley dribble•-1 to the home quarters, until Stockplrt broke away to the visi7ors territory. A bout of passing between Forster arri Gibson to Cunningham, enabled the latter to run finely to the Stockport half.and FairliurAt..H,lrnes. Wilcox and Lawless dribbled t, the line the latter alme.st scoring, but nothing further vra,s obtained up to half time. Stockport restarted, and a fiatpiore of play between Goodail, Sands and Alcock, curled the leather •ri_v..ht to the line. the home team

pressed heavily. tuit Warrington, especially Law!els, di- ftnded ,plendidly whilst the forwards fought every ineh 01 ground. Then Warrington were penal:zed right in front of the pasts. Mills placing an easy goal. Forster, Gibson and Cunningham, put in capital .work,and twice over Houghton came to the rescue at a critical time. io,rster stole acray beant4tilly and running to half way, threw to I.awless, who was only pulled down at. the Stockport quarter flag, and time tieing called the match ended in a draw of three points each. ,Warrington one try to Stockport a penalty goal. •

WARRINGTON EXCELSIOR V. WINTON.—The first Wet- t the above clubs took place at %Vilderspool-cause. av on Saturday. Warrington had the best of the gatne throughout,and were victors by one goal four triel to nil.

RuNcotiN PALvoth ! MR. nitt.NNt:ft, M.P., Rici OFF.-011 the Irwelliane enclosure, Runcorn, on Satur- day afternoon considerable interest was manifested in an.encennter between the above teams. The event was made the more attractive by the fact thateMr. Brunner, M.P., had nromised that after laying the foundation stone of the Runcorn Technical Institute he would kick off. As might be anticipated there was a Eplen (I d gate," and the capital play which followed was fully worth the visit. Runcorn were without Mainwaring and Walsh. whose places were filled by Blomley and Tonge. Mr. Brunner hiked off for the horreerers against a strong wind. During the first portion, the name was very exciting' and rather evenly cuntested,the Runcornians having the best of play and were success- ful in scoring a goal and two tries against one goal for Salfr)ro. On changing ends the " champions " secured poseese!en and kept the leather to themselves most of the remainder of the time. Toward 4 the finish the Salford , men bet rayeri unmistakable signs of weariness, though ' they kept up a praiseworthy Oeferice. At the call of time the score stood, Runcorn two goals, two tries, (16 points), Salford one goal, (five points) Ruecoiret v. SALFORD" A " TEAMS.—TDPSe teame met for the second time this season on Saturday afternoon at Salford. Both were strongly represented. and the match was witnessed by about 3,000 pecple. The first rortion of the game was very closely contested, the visi- tors only being able to secure one try to their opponents rel. In the second half however, Runcorn had the ad, vantage of the incline, aed immediately began to press the bernesters which was kept up until the finish, and resulted in the Runcornians eomieg out the victors by one goal three tries to nothing.

BUNCORN RF.CREATION V. BEDFORD CHURCH (Leigh).— On Saturday afternoon the return match between these teams was played on the ground of the farmer. Opera. tons were eciumEnced by the home side and the visitors getting possessi,,n of the leather began to invade the home goal'. They had the best kf play in the first half, but could not secure a goal. In the second half the ReCS roused themselves somewhat and the game became more interesting though at sometimes rough. The final .result was Runcorn Recreation two minors. Bedferd Church six minors.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON JUNIOR CIIALLENGE CUP,

ST. MARY'S V. WALKER'S: BREWERY.—An exception- ally large ath ndance turned up at the Widerspool enelosure on Monday evening, when the above, teams met in the competition for the handsome silver cop pre- sented by Mr. Percy Davies, president of the Warring- ton Club. Both teams had a large number of sup- porters, and it is estimated that nearly 3,000 lined the arena when the Saints started towards the pavilion goal. The opening half was brimful of excitieg episodes, and though each goal was in turn menaeed, the defence on both sides remained correct up the interval. On resum- ing the second halt the Saints forced the game, and although the Brewery side at the onset gained the , aggre•Fsive by close work, rsc. Mary's retaliated with excellent crinhipation, their passing being marked wich

===== 0002601_18940421_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

SANKEY WIRE MILLS C.C. V. NEWTON C. AND GROUND. —On the ground of the latter. This tu,teh was played on Saturdsy, and as will be seen rtSulted in a win for the ho ne te..m. The ‘rsitors who hatted first met with a great misfortune in the early dismissal of C. U. Law- ton, and were all out for the small total of 39, F. wil- hiatus being the only one to reanli double allures. For thc home team Wright and Boshell played a free game for their scores.

SkNICRY. NEWTOY. C G Lawton e Cook b Thiel 1 Parks c bin) pson b Hob- -1? Williams e Boshell b . son Bates ll Lester b Simpon

. .0 4

Wooica kb• Bites J W irborton b Mills ...... 0 Harrison l,.,,impson AMrshtll c Mills b Bates 6 Mills c impson b Hob- W Johns n o Parkes b Mills 3 son 11 Cook b iUs S Hobson c Wright b Pates 0 Carson lb,.v b Hobson ... 1 P Jofley run out 1! Simpson rtui out 6I Yloss not, oat . 5 son 1 awtou not out • 1 Wiikinson c AlarArall b lawtou Extra ... 39

El.;tra ...

5

Total . ..

Total

===== 0002601_18940421_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LONGRIDGE MIRACLE.

AN OLD SOLDIER'S NARROW ESCAPE.

„. A soldier's story is alivays worth printing and reprint- ing, and the narrow escape which a ” Pre-ton Herald" reporter tells, from the lips of an ex-Staff Serzeant,hrars such an impress of modest heroism as to well deserve reproduction.

The narrator was Mr. R. P. Colgan, Quarry Cottage, Tootal Height, Longridge, Lanes, and his story opens with a thrilling incident which cannot be told much better than in his own words. "One day," lie said, "as an elderly woman who did washing for the officers ivas er)ssing a field with a bundle of clean liken, a tramp struulc her from behind with an iron bar. I rushed out, and halt jumped, half fell, over a wail about 16 feet high, as I pursued the man, who, however, got into a wood and escaped. In the tall I injured my back, and to that I attribute my illness.. The tramp who attacked the woman was afterwards arrested and sentenced to 18 months' imprisonment."

Very serious was the illness entailed by the worthy, Sergeant's impetuous courage. Not tne be.ttimedical care at the Military Hospital, Warwick where he was stationed, Colgan found himself hope- lessly paralysed. His limbs refused their t,ffice ; he reeled like a drunk ird, " though." he told the reporter, " Iliad not tasted driLk kr 17 years." Gradually slip- ping from fad to worse, he found in January last sear that he c'ould scarcely get downstairs. In me following month lie was admitted into the Military Hospital again, and transferad to Preston. On March 31st, 1893, he was discharged from the Service, on the recommend. don of the Army doctors, as. incurable. If ever there was a hopeless case, this *IA One. The doctors told him trar.kly that he could not live a twelve' month. yet, the twelvemonth just over, the reporter found Colgan, not merely alive, but active and well; he is, in fact, at work at the present day. The means of this remarkable escape remain to be told, and in reply to the reporter's inquiries it was elicited in simple and con- vincing terms. In his misery anti despair Colgan, help- less and useless, was beginning to feel that it would be best of all concerned if lie could di•J at once. Then, one day, his little son brought home a book in which were described some of the remarkable cures effected by the new medical discovery of Dr. Williams, an E duburgil University graduate—the remedy popularly known as Dr. Williams Pink • Pills for Pale Peopie. fhe patient scouted the idea of trying the pills. He was not going to wasteliis money—not he. Would he have been dis- charged from the Army, after the stringent examinatiou iequired in such cases, if he had' not been really incur- able 2.

He was talked into trying the remedy, however ; and from the first box the cure began. His pppe lite re- tumed,control of his limbs—of which the terrible disease locomotor ataxy had deprived hitn—returned also. T.. e extremities, formerly cold and limp, wero now tingling with new blood, and when the reporter saw Mr. Colaa he was walking every day to business—a man as surel snatched from death as though he had been caught upon the brink of the precipice.

That this is no vulgar mares'-nest , is shown by the investigation .conducted by a great newspaper, the " Preston Herald," and by the fact, also, that one of the very Army doctors who had pronounced the man's con- demuation had since seen him and admitted his cure, '

It is not alone in cases like the abaVe that Dr. Will'aftls' Pink Pill have a miraculous efficacy. They are also a perfect blood builder and nerve restorer, and an unfailing cure. for rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia, partial paralysis, S. Vitus thrice, nervous headache, prostration, Scc. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills (which are not purgative, but strengthening) restore pale and sallow complexions to the glow of health, and are a specific for all the troubles peculiar to the female sex, while in the c.ises of mcn, they effect a ralic4l cure in all cases arising from mental worry, overwork,-or excesses of whatever nature.

file Pills are sold by all chemists, or may bis had direct from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, of 48, 1191 horn Viaduct, London, at 2s. 9d. a box, or six boxes for 134. 9,1. Never sold loose ; substitutes so sold are fraudulent. The wooden box must be in a pink wrap- per bearing the full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
DREADFUL AFFAIR AT HIJYTON.

A MAN'S LEG cur OFF BY HOT SHEARS. Arthur Woo!tall, ironworker, employed at Huyton Quarry Ironworks, was brought before the magistrates on Tuesday, charged with doing grievous bodily harm to-a fellow woe er, Michael Hardman.—Superintendent Baxendale said that on Monday night, about a quarter- past eight, frr some unknown reason, the accused, it was alleged. struck Hardman, knocking him on to the machinery in motion, the hot shears cutting his leg off. He would offer some evidence shortly, and ask for a remand, sas the injured man was in a serious condition at the Liverpool Northern Hospital.—Jehn Beasley, electrician, of Liverpool-road,Tarbuck, employed at the works, said that both Woolfall and Hardman wore working at the rolling mills, and he saw the first-named strike Hardman, but from where he was he could not sea where he fell, bet, hearing a cry, he went round the mill, and saw him with his left leg nearly cut off by the hot shears that are constantly in motion. He bound the limb, and afterwards saw him to the Northern Hospital. —A remand was granted for eight days.

EPPS'S COCOA.—GRA.TItIUt AND COMFORT/NO.— "By a thorough lcnowleAge of the natural laws which govern the operations of digestion and nutrition,and by a careful applica- tion of the fine properties of well-selceted Cocos, Mr. Epps has provided for our breakfast and supper a delicately flavoured beverage which may save us many heavy doctors' bills. It is !.,37 the judicious use of etch articles of diet that a constitution may be gradually huilt up until strong enough to resist every tendency to disease: We may escape many a fatal shaft by keeping ourselves well fortified with pure biood and a properly nourished frame "—" Civil Service Gazette."—Made simply with boiling water or milk.—sold only in packets, by Grocers, lahslled—" ..Temr..s EPPS & Ltd., Hommopathle Chemists London."—Alaa makers of Fpps's Coconino or Cocoa Nib-Bictract : A thin beverage of fifll flavour, now with many beneficially taking the place cf ten. Sold in Warrington by Bowden, Bamford, and Percival: --Advt.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
, , „ . . ECIXS,"I"-^t"-

r

===== 0002601_18940421_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
..

THE EX MINFR, SATURDAY, APPTT, 21, port.

precision. Carey. 13.,dsw :too Taysor ,refentie, well, and a hasty %Ist: was paid U. t e p.,vilion goal. Hotighley being cheered tor fine d,-fensive tactics. Minors fell to the credit of each Ade, and the footbal, di.splayed, continued to be of the highest order. Clever work by Bennett and Burton forced trio Brpwery men hack on their lines, and a sharp bout of pa•sing along the Stints' line, of thre,quarters ended in Burton airopping a clever goal Prom amidA a host of opponents. The Brewery men did not relax their energies in th. least, Vic' on resuming from centre field. Nt. F_ were compelled to adopt defenQive tactics. Superior combination, however, had its effect, and after Taylor. had almost registered a goal fret]) a penalty kirk, the ivaders rushed down the field, and the last few minutes • . Hampsnn dribbled accurately through the i.peosin:t force, and defeating Boidsworth.in the race over the line, scored a meritorious try, which remained uncon- verted. The Brewery men now Ist heart, and the leaders came near scoring aglin, minors being con- ceded freely. The match, which was a finely conteste.t one, thus ended in a victory for t. Mary'e by a goal (dropped) and a try (seven points) to nil. The winners d splayed by far the better.combitiation, and in point 01 c•aidition, were far in advance of ,the Brewery men. Al.tetter knowledge of the passing art was displayed to the Saints. anti Burton was the best back on the though Boldsworth, the full hack on the losers' side, ran him a close race. Bennett and Hicyginhottom were 'toe smart for the Brewery half-backs, who showed a laxity of judgment when opportunities came their way. Taylor was far away the best forward, and taken iill round, the game showed the junior talent in this dis- trict to be composed of promising players.

FON, r LIE PEOPLE.

THE BANDS ASSOCIATION.

By LIME BLUNT.

" Well, if I coesent to undergo the operation of heing interviewed you must promise me one thing?' "Oh yes! 111 promise anything." " Very possibly. But I want you to promise— And-to keep to it—that you do not go into gentle. cstncieA about my musical abilities:.

" Very well. But why not ? " " Because, though I am the secretary of the War- eingion Binds Association, I am Nnly a very .‘ howdy-do." sort of musician. As the saying goes I can just "daddy along " on an instrument; and 1 •lon't wish you to introduce any mild exaggeration upon that point." _ _

I respect your modesty Mr. Taylor. But, to get rØ business. suppose you tell me bow the Associv ion came to bo formed."

"Very well. It was the outcome of an agitation among the younger bands of the town, who wished to take their turn at playing in the Park. At that time there were only about four bands who gave public performances. Most of the other bands were in a rat her disorganized state. They generally played at Walking Day, and weren't heard again until Christmas when they came noising about town. When the younger bands brought their agi- tation before the Park Committee, it Wilb) explained that a new bandstand would be required. Several of the councillors refused to consi,;er this until they had proof that there would be properly or- ganized performances. Si) I was waited upon by a number of the bandsmen, and the result was the organization of the Association,which, as you stated last we.ek, includes 209 instrumentalists. The new bandstand was then erected. The old one, as a matter of fact, besides being too small, was unsafe. When the.men were Rprforming on it they were in a continual sweat lest the floor should give way.';

‘i By whom were the performances arranged be- fore the Association was form,d ?" "By five gentlemen who deservel the greatest of praise for their work :--Nlessrs. F. Monks, C.C., F.. W. Monks (junior), William Cleave, Shepherd, and Roorke. Those gentlemen worked most inde- fatigably for the institution. They used to go to an immense amount of trouble_ in collecting funds to pay the hands, some of whick came from Earies- town and Lymm and other districts."

"1 presume the funds were then not quite large enouqh to keep the men without working, but "Oh. dear, no ! The funds are bad enough now, but, to use an expressive Americanism, they were very " " then. In 1886 the total amount collected was about .E 2 12. 51. Private subscrip- tions collected by the gontlem-n nam-d,formed'the chief part of the revenue. Even now—or at least a year ago—the eJlections on a :...hindtty often did not exceed half a crown, from about 1,409 people.' • Which of course shows hoW thrifty and economical the Warrington people are r' " Which shows what a lamentable lack of appre- ciation they possess for an admirable institution ! Since the Association has been formed the collec- ti•,ns have been better. amounting on a Sunday to XL end .£2. But that is not enough. Why, if at an ay.-rege atter.dAnce. each person gave a hall-penny we should realize £5. Bit even with the staff of collectors who work hard on the Sunday now, it is only poo,ible to realize the small sum I named. All we can tiff to pay each band is 25-. a perform • linen. which in the mijority of cases only comes a trifle over &La head."

" But is that not a generous remuneration, Mr. Taylor, considering that many people object to he bands being paid at all for ptitying on Sundays.?" • " Objections raised by ;zent lemen, some of whom earn their remuneration by preaching sermons on Sundays ! Taking everything. into consideration perhaps it is generous to pay the men at all. A great number of those bandsmen are labouring men getting, many of them M. per week; They buy their own instrurnents ; they support Iheir bands with t heir own money ; and it costs them on an average 325. for each programme they submit. So that perhaps anyone but a clever financier, can see that they do not make much prodt by playing voluntarily for public delectation." " But they get the glory of the thing." "Glory! I can assure you there is no cheap glor3 nor prr.fi by anyone in connection- with this ,t orr.!F_ institiition. Vie bands play because they are fund of mtpdc. and hc&Ue thtly hair; a iltlNirt, to make the only place of public resort pleasant for the people. Certain persons have even oTcted 0 tile hands playing at all on the Sabbath. They say it draws people from church and Sun lay School. This sort of triviality is about as scarce as.the number of people who agree with it. As you ;know—or you mint confess you ought. to—most Sunday scho,,k; are over very shortly after our performances com- mence. which end an hour and a half before the evening services CoMMetwel" _

" I believe I know sufficient of these matters to confirm your assertion:t."

"This fact. I am certain of: We are doing a great deal of good in many ways. Since 1 have been connected with the association,t he evidence of thiA fact, which I have come aer-ss, has been very ex- tensive. Numbers of labouring men, fOrgemen par- ticularly, have told me that the inu•qt in the park La a bright and pleasant change in what they find to he otherwise an uncheerful Sabbath. They. tell me that. formerly they had no desire to do anything except eat and drink and sleep. But. now they are attracted to the park by the music, and besides en- joying the pleasure of listening to it they can enjoy their pipes and get a breath of fresh air. And it is for the pleasure of these people that, we wish to work particularly. When igo round with the col- lection box to these men, they invariably subscribe more than the orthodox penny. • But it, is not from them, abov,, anyone, that we ask tnore than "a copper." The very people who might to subscribe, do not do so."

A change in the systi-en t het is now in vogue 14 necessary, said Mr. Taylor; and I agree with_ him. While the present system is in f .rce larger collec- tions cannot be looked for. There appear to be about a dr,zen forms to sccommodate 2,400 persons, which makes things mighty erli-Oly when everyone tries for a seat. Instead of the infirm or aged people enjoVing this scanty -ittinc., provision, it is monopolised by two Or three ti z-n hobledehoys, who, as,, Mr. Taylor said, w-uld be much more use- ful and pleasant—to the general public—if they were sit the North Pole, or at Sunday school—or !illy where except on those forms. In the first place, like all persons who are the only behevers in their own cleverness, thee young men lie,,!otne mightly uninteresting to the puhlic. Som.,how, ladies do .not appear to be dazed and staggered, by tile bril- liant and sparkling eilit'llotis of wit, which, them) young eenitises shy about. When thpy ace avco.d.A.d with one of the. humorou- remaikQ which the young men keep on stock, they do not demonstrate their appreciation more then by blushing—snit wb•hing a big brother was nigh. Mat be they get tired of being acCosted time after time, with " Pretty little Tatty," or " Oh those pretty little hairs—and that • auburn feet," and so fort!.. D.corous gntletzesn, too, don't seem much irripros:A by being a-ked by a chorus of voices "Doe- trottnthri know you're out." or "Isn't it a beautiful old hat:—did grandpa have it long before his death," or rulybe it would he a unanimous chores of" Legs:" The genilerntii don't acknowledge this wit. ranch—nit more than perhaps by cursing a tyille beneath their breath, or °eons- lona Hy rushing in among the youths,,and in return for the wit,_Tait,ing a circu,—with a stiek—and

few large humps that phrenologists can't ever Locate, wit h any fiucce.4 to brag of.

" What! suggest," said Mr. Taylor, "is that these gems of gobtl behaviour should not be allowed to continue the occupiers oi these seats to the discom- forture of elderly people or ladies. At present. We cannot move them from the seats. They are a nuis- ance as well as a source of loss to the institutiln.• What we intend to do is to alter this system, if the Committee will give us consent. We are going to apply for power t•-t have control of the seats, and further that the seats be increased by a few dozen. Then what I should propose. would be that the forms be arranged all together, and he placed under the control of one or two of our officers. It should be also impressed upon all who used them that though a fee was not asked for, a voluntary sub- scription—say a penny—would he expected." "It's an excellent suggestion—so perhaps the Committee won't accept. it." "I think they will. Why, do you know that several gentlemen have time after time suggested to me that they should apply for power to form a syndicate for seats, such as those that exist in Lon- don parks, Where if you sit down to enjoy the music ii.penny is expected of you ? I opposed the idea because I think what is done ehould be done by the public through the Town Hall, Park and Baths Committee. But the public oinzht to "come out" and support the bands more generously, and if they

===== 0002601_18940421_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
"

" 4 they do, I think the hands in this neighbour- hood will not he long het re they have among them some that will be as celebraten us" Bess o' th' Barn Band," or "Kingston Nllll Muds," &c. "You apprehend hidden enius then."

"I don't know much about genius hut I am sure that from among the hundreds of able in-trunynta- lists in this town on or two bands can—and wit l— he formed, which will make names for themselc es. It is only a matter of time. The advance started with the Association; petty jealousies, which exist among all hands, are beiog gradually extinguished, anti the bands of the Association are beginning to work totlet her, should•tr to.shonlder, for a common good. The future i - bright f musical Warrington : I don't hink I'm wrong in prophesying that in a few years Warrington will be noted for its bands as it has heen For its Football Clul ." • "Isn't. it, suggested that the Association should each year pay for the instruction of a promising member of some hand, at the Royal Academy ?" " :Im-n knoeked on the- head for a time. In the first, place we cannot be i.ure of the funds f'.)r the pnroose yet, and there are those who think that by making a selection of a candidate from one band jetil.msly would be caused among the others." "That green-eyed monster again." " But it will come, eventually, never feir. W!terk the public have been stimulated into giving more support to the Association, anti private gentlemen into taking MINI interests in the binh associated' with either their works or churches, th,Al the pro- gress which the hands will make, Us public enter- tainers, and as institutions Of instruction, will he

" It is to he hoped then that while the Association lives in the hope of this quonort, it will not be al- hwed to expire in despair." _ _ _ _

"Don't be afraid of 'that."

===== 0002601_18940421_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. J. T. BR.UNNEIt m.r.'s MUNIFICENCE.

RUNCORN THE RECIPIENT OF ANOTHER

G Fr.

Mr. J. T. Brunner,M.P. for this division has again exercised his genero,ity towards Riincorn by under talctig to defray the cost of building a "United Trades HilJ "in Runcorn. It will be remtmabered no doub., by most of our readers, that sometime :goo Mr. Brunner purch tsed •:he St. John's Presbyterian CI aeel and school witt, a view to its being altered into a United Trades. Rail: A committee consisting of the deka ttes of the thirteen tr.des union in Runcorn, and representing 900 members, was appointed arid con- sidered the prnposed alterations. They decided that the building shoul I be denirlislied and a more commo- dious ore erected at the rear nt the chapel and at the side of the school Mr. .B'llire,ton of Clarence-street, was en- trusted w i h the, prep,' ration ofthe pl ns, which were ap- 'orelima by V.w tlTir ta.'s.t meeting con- ficq,lern birtili,-;t1 tr Brunner visited Hu ocorn on Saturday they were submitted to him and received his approval. Fie signed the necessar,7 documents and gave instruc- Vous -that tenders should he applied for at once, so that the wok might soon be a-complished and posSession be I entered into by theend of August. At the same time he I expressed his intention to give the Hall to the Trades public trust. The eU,ne;ri(smai,"vdillphlaecoefithrT ke,lll;rlgie7voefds7nmethe front with stone arid Riiati .n brick dressings. It will be a two-storied buildini, five committee rooms bing on each story, those on t t,e first floor to be so constructed that the par- titirms can tx. rein wed when it is necessary to hold tea mei tinge, or other gatherines. This room, which will measure forty feet square will he sufficiently large to ac- commodate 400 persons, tied will be fitted up like the ot,:ers, with every modern convenience. The sum of £7OO is estimated as the probable cost of the new building.

" TOBACCIINISTS: corn* &icing fliustraiwi gUide (pis, fie TOBACCoNISTS' 0117VriTM Co.-183, Ruston-road, Londorl. A great glut of p:Ntoes is reported in South Lincoln- silite at the pr.sent time. A Long Sutton correspondent stae g that in the.,rwirshes in that district there are miles clrf potato graves, and that many farmers are almost giving their Warn,. away. They have been sold for a, low as 6i. per sack, whilst large 'quantities are boing given to the' stock. It is not expected that farmers will put Bubb large acreagi under potatoep this ye.r.

R‘IPTURE CURED WITH'OUT OPERATION.—S. J. Sherman. Her! da • p.cia it 64, Chancery-Lane, London; 26, King- stree!, Manchester ; and 4 B‘irlingtcet-chambers, New-street, Birmlnghatti. Book on rupture and evil of trusses, post free, 7.l.—Advt.

Snail fsrming is the lateQt specific for gaining wealth from the laod. According to the proprietor of a New York rest,wrint, fortunes are to be made by the cultiva. tion of [mails. They are co k.d in various ways, and, strong though the po jueiee waS 9,,ZaillSt them when they were first introduced in New York,it is said to be rapidly di ing out. '‘• CAnnuttv's COCOA. has in a remarkable degree those natural elements of sui,enance which g ve the system endur- ance and hardihood, buillin op muscle and bodily vigour, with a steady action th t. renders it a most reliable and acceptable beyerage."--Health. (2.)

' ,

RECEIVING

ROUSE. SUB-OFFICES, AND WALL LETTER gOiltit ARE CLEARED AS FoLLOWS

LOKI VING HOUSE— *Earledtown

SUB-OFFicrs - *A:(hton Collins Green ... *Golborne Lowt)n • Still:W(3w Cro-s Winwick *Wa • grave

WALL noxrs— Orow fruie. Newton." N4owton Co,amon (Near the Racecourbe) Railway tatiors (Newton Bridge) Preston lutiction Church-W. Colborne Leh Street. „ Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowt"n St Mary's Star if 1) Bolton Road. Ashton ' Vulcui Villsge • Burtonwowl (Providence Place)

4.1

SuNDITS• 4-30 p•ill"

9-55 son' Nil. Nil. Nil. -55 3,nl 10-30 a'rn

Nit. I Nil. NIT.

Ni 10-15 sag'

..4:4.ii.-iA7.,,,:.,:,,,,..,* *4-'

?. „

1 • . ; .

===== 0002601_18940421_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
With Or- dinary Postage up to

===== 0002601_18940421_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
2-15 a.m.

4-0 a.m.

5-15 am.

5-30 a.m.

6-30 a.m.

8-55 a.m.

9-30 a.m.

10-0 a.m. 10-10 a.m.

11-10 a.m.

11-30 a.m.

11-30 a.m.

12 Nood 1-53 am

1-50 p.m.

1-0 p.m.

l-25 pm.

1-4) p.m.

2-15 p.m 2-33 p.m.

2-45 p.m

3-0 p.m. 3-'5 p.m. 4-0 p.m 4-30 p m 4-40 p.m 5-45 p.m.

6-0 p.m.

6- 5 p m

9-30 p. r .

10-30 p m, 11-15 p.m

===== 0002601_18940421_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
LIST OF DESP.VICHES. Showing the time to which a letter can be posted with Ordi' nary Postage. and with an extra half-penny stamp. malts.

Ord 'nary I Postage. I

Bxtr. kci stamP!

===== 0002601_18940421_art0129.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
6-0 a.m.

10-30 „

===== 0002601_18940421_art0130.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11-10

2-15 p.m

===== 0002601_18940421_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
with Bxtra Haf peon), Stamp

===== 0002601_18940421_art0132.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
INo extra tee.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
Ditto.

Ditto. Ditto.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
Ditto. Ditto.

Ditt'.

Ditto.

Ditto. Ditto,

===== 0002601_18940421_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
s,tt_3 ~. - 4-40 p.m. Ditto. No extra fa •

Dit 0. Ditto. 10-45 p.m

===== 0002601_18940421_art0136.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-35 a.ra

===== 0002601_18940421_art0137.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-20 p.rn•

===== 0002601_18940421_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
Il', I Cal!ers I Poitinej...:

7-0 a.,n•

10-33 „ 10 45 „ 11-30 „ } 12-0

11-30 AO'

12-15 p.m

2-15 ~ } 3-15.,

5-30 p.m.

7-Oa.' Next d#'

3_15 ni •

6-45

I ( ''' •:=' , ~ , I . `..' , , , li _ ',‘

===== 0002601_18940421_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
Tin ST. PiELENS TRAGEDY.

INQUEST AND VERDICT.

biTRA.ORDINABX ENTR, ES IN A POCKET- BOOK

- 1 At St Helens Town Hall on Tuesday. Mr. Brig- Use, county coroner, resumed his inquiry into t lie .'irelleastances at tenoing the death of Joseph Picka- °ahuce, aged seventeen, of Boundary-ro‘.l,St. Helens 'W - 0, atter shooting and injuring Elizabeth John- On, shottimself -n the 20th March. b The girl, from whos,e head a bullet was extracted, was tought from the providence Hospital in a cab. She nPeared to be very we k ard ill, and her head was uandaged. She was accommodated with a seat near the bench. She said the deefrased was the father of her hild reeided at 131, Frederick-strert. ail he lived b'et4o,l3,)ondary-road. On Tuesday, the 20:h M dm!), ho Zeee_n twelve and one o'clock,ehe went to his mceher's him what. lie intended to do towards main- le child. She saw him there, and in reply to Sill es''''n lieseid he did not know what he could do. ande tll.eati arranged to.,neet him near Sr.. Mark's Cherch asee,„` 'Lerner. him ateight o'clock as arranged. She again you'lunil what h 3 - would do. end he askei, " What do a. ^ant me •todo e" She replied, "I want you to do --" riline towards keeping this child." He then said, do.„eli, I have nothing, and I don't know what we can 1 Bt. TheY walked ahout talking a bit, and then they Irsul"' 'leer Langley's Glassworks. He there said he •,,,.. go and tell his mates, and come back to her. He raie..„%down an entry opposiee. aid she wiiited a 'few eici.l'L's• When he camehack he said," Have you con- bill',!.d What we can du 2" to which she said, "if you 'lst 6rive the a hit I will b-. satisfied." They then walked titt he corner of the ehercleend as the clock struck go told him she must go, as her beep wanted to He said, " I think my best plaa will he to aisTY father," (his fat hr had been dead about two C"s)• There was then a short. silence, arid headd, lailui°°ight." She walked away, and tie stayed br- ier, . "nen she had got a few yards she heard him try- ..revolver, hut it did not go 'if, She shouted batii" f" and "murder I.' and "Oh, Joe, don't'!" He, 41, ler, fired again, and she put, up her right hand to eia,t? nerself. The billet passed flintier' her hand and, .447 ed her head. He then ran fifteen or twenty yards, se,kl.the heard the revolver fired again, bet she did not inn afterwards. vrast„.l/°BePh H. Houghton, of 147, North-road., said he erketo"ianding opposite his own door and lajne the tase- 'and, when he was somewhat startled ny seeing a that pi and hearing the sound of firearms. It was•so taint ,stohe th 1 : ..oug.it it was some lads playing with a t•y th".• /3e heard screams, and almost immediately eolitlnusvas a Second report anti a flash. The screams kap', ed, and he went across the ground, and saw a the ,b"o]ding the girl Johnson by the left arm. Heasked 4 Ilse hi what was the matter, Red she said.." Oli,he ai nt My child ,as, A man who was near asked h i tier f P4l:new who it Was and she replied, " Y teeit's Joe .Thibav -6,..vanco, 01 33' Boundary-road?" Picks entice -must lee ise.-vcil lying on the ground then, but witness did not ' e,. • The night WAS very dark. tOe talit William Strong said information was brought .Of l Police station by Mr. C Sharpies, J P., a resident ' ILl4l•°ttil'll'ad, who reported having heard firearm.. ells- . *eried, • Accompanied by Sergeant Sis witnessson, itness he 0,0 the rear ot North-road, and found the =body of ~,,bakiecCa'sed. The body lay on its back, and the right grasping,, sia-chamhered revolver (pr trluced). was bleeding Iron a wound in the Tight t but he was quite dead. They .&,ardhein the and found two pock, tdcnives (produced) and 1514171 t Other small things. In the jecket pocket they , a Inetnorandum-book, and on the second page in Is izz;;el.re,written the words " Murder on March. 2041894, , llst sl- "cnneon. Signed, Joseph PickaYaNce." On the Piekvage they found, also in ink, the words "Joseph 33, Boundary-road, st. Helens. murderer." ~ had . first libL„, Paee were some numbers of books which he Itrienaf,:"rently been getting from the library. The aei),,r-. on the two pares differed considerably, lent hal tI7 been written at different times. ',.. thrili; Coroner said that was ail the evidence upon which . Th,r,v had to fled their verdict. a aczerY retired, and in five minutes . returned with ~ 1,/a8 th.it deceased committed suicide andtthat, he ' '', a Sta'e of temporary insanity at the time.

. ,

" • • e 5•541 t,. 7Y• Igt.st.tlHnis • , 7.4 4 <l4-:144:7. • , , t 5 .4 0-7 • • 4* , . ge,' toSsi 1 4 , );.• t ' •

===== 0002601_18940421_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
I , '.",g4.1,,_.'':-.1i11:1 FA .;, t.:i'• 4• ' , ~.:, , 13 .',''''C', ~t . til .') 111, ~,e!' ,„.; .„4 y,„,.-,, ,r . , 7.7:: ": rlk. -; lA' ' i 4 k,,,,,,,,1f, .1, 4t4 c 4) t.,,, zV. clti, ... . ;sir, • ..",4 i'• Y:: ;',..'-'O, ;', A '4..,,, 1:'/".' .40 Ai, 1) .; '' ' , 4„"r00... 3L, ?, V. 114,:-%.0,:.:4L•Tf`'w. ,Eil ,• . , •. . e . X

,

===== 0002601_18940421_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
- . . , ...a.p., A. ,-.7. nr. 4,,,,,,.....14, ~,,,, .3_,,.,..—,...,,,,, • ~ , , „mi . is,„ .Ir. ~ t .6 .q ''' . 1 • ''%l '-. :ii 17::1. * ' ,I ti 4 e. , L„, at, 7t f ' ?", I • .., Okl.ool m. er.,,,,,- . Azi.:. Meal+ ' ` • Vidt7l

'1 .s° • 11—IP ATJ ..aftweil '4l lave

. 48, 1 ‘l7tc r ft. 47. i„. i , I I, . t...'-,..---'.ILLS. ..s6 g5,.,41, 44.-z., 1 „i ..;,,,,,ir. A t Wi4,Pa Nkii,tlo.l,2 tAK,,, 411.714

f" " 141 : • elikrisr` . jituA 4

sirs„,"„...v.„,triTlAßes PILLS .7„4, •

BP 'r./0 AM'S PILLS.

...rt.., tow 4 i - 44,N,4 -.142-4t *l/4:*411 4 C AlVEitti

Ink ir e. A -mks. 4r,0- ,cO.l 4 TT 1114 S tCV / F L-44 A C A LYI A., 4..„,4-4 •

'

===== 0002601_18940421_art0142.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

. „ •

===== 0002601_18940421_art0143.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
IN

===== 0002601_18940421_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
WILKINSON'S 'ECIAL ELIXI7 Ltal power -

===== 0002601_18940421_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
A eon FAMILY !ITIBINE CHEST,

pirlTil a prudent use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good compound such as

COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that2the deirel end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious com- .partments, and enchant.,,d noitles with crystal stoppers. Others tbe used, but

===== 0002601_18940421_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S PILLS,

[as tested by many thousands of pertmit=, and found to answer their purposes so WeII, may be set down 'is the best.— Oho vsr.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
• 7 ~ , •' ia Iti ,01‘ 4 i 4-• "r I l',. , Pe 4.:), FREE F.R.OM MERCURY. - II.:6,- i.s NI- ,- •1.1 -mals a4;4,.. P? r ‘ ..i? WO , i 41117 - 1 I til Ar.-% .'zir g.. ~.41.6.7,1 . '..1 •t .r.:• fil • , ) c, i . ..., .17 . - e—. , .-?,- , ~, 1, *r l• al

OP PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

FOR BILE. ItIVER, ACIDITv, INDIGESTION, &c.

.4,4r.AHIHD Etta.

BIRKBECK BANK,

Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane. London. TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEREST allowed on DEPOSITs. repayable on demand, TWO per CENT. on CURRENT ACCOUNTb. on minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below £lOO. STOCKS, SHARES, and ANNUITIES purruased and. sold

===== 0002601_18940421_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
- • COeL .4.14 tr, - , G..s, 'LE 'lio2l4co .„ . V"1441 - H V ,:_coaset 'lll 04:-401 4. • • snow a

. , ' . ..... , , .. . . . ',., • . . , ..•• . ~, . p.....-4-:. . .. • ~ , ' Si, ...:,..„ n,;,. . .., • ;„. , • - .. ... ile' ~. ~;!. :,..• ,:::''' 4,.. , .. .

Are universally admitted to be worth a Guinea a Box for Bilious and Nervous Disorders, such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach, Sick Headache, Giddiness, Fullness, and Swelling alter Meals, Dizziness and Drowsi- ness, Cold Chills, Flushings of Heat, Loss of Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Costiveness, Scurvy, Blotches on the Skin, Disturbed 7qeer,, Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Trembling Sensations, Sze. The first, dose will give relief in twenty minutes. This is no fiction, for they have done it in countless cases. Every silt= ferer is earnestly invited to try one Box of these Pills, and they will be acknowledged to be

===== 0002601_18940421_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
• po, r • •••,, ' F It:111 ItiAo,i7 0 te, • Fl 4 - 34; . -% • A E .1'.1,47121

For Females of all ages these Pills are invaluable. No Female should be without them. There is lb 4 medicine to be found to equal BEECHAM'S PILLS for removing any obstruction or irregularity of the :7,f7sterr. If taken according to the directions given with each Box, they will soon restore Females of all aies to sound and robust health. This has been proved by thousands who have tried them, and found the

benefits which are ensured by their use

For a weak stomach, impaired digestion, and all disorders of the liver, they act like magic, and a few doses will be found to work wonders upon the most important organs in the human machine. They

strengthen the whole muscular system, restore the long-lost complexion, bring back the keen edge of appe- tite, and arouse into action, with the rosebud of health, the whole physical energy of the human frame These are facts testified continually" by members of all classes of society and one of the best guarantees to the nervous and debilitated is that BEECHAM'S PILLS have the largest sale of any patent medicillo in the world.

Full directions are given with each Box, United Kingdom.

Sold by all Ihuggists and Patent Medicine Dealers in the

11l Boxes, at gld, 1(;t • and k •9d each ,f: t ,t,4 c -

===== 0002601_18940421_art0150.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
00'5, •

===== 0002601_18940421_art0151.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_18940421_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
haIMAN'S UN

1 Ad. & 2s. 9d.

TO 1 /kDIES I

THE GREAT INDIAN FEMALE', MEDICINR, was dis- covered by a rrirried Lady during her trav,ls in this Far Fast, who has rpver knowA it to tail in ri-niaving the worst cases of Irregularity or Obstruction in two ho rs. even after allr•ther remerties fail. n-thing ctn possibly resist the a lion a this extra° dinary preparatin wh ch is almost imtatitane- ous in its eff,ct. Ladies will avoid mu .h • xpense. illness. w... ry.and cruel bitter lispointment by hrving this remedy at once. Sent se-ure from obs.rvation for 4s. 60.—Mrs. BAR- RINGTON, 4. Feitherstone-builainv. London, W.C.

ETTMATIgivf. SORE THROAT FROM COLD. STIFFN

lADIES.—F MALE IRREGULARITIES and .4 OBSTRUCifONS —Th3 DIFFICULI Y SOLVED AT LAST.—A lady having Tried in Valli Every Advertised Remedy, has at, last discovered a SIMPLE MEANS of SELF- CURE. particulars of which she will forward FREE OF CHARGE to Her Poor riuffering Sex on receipt of stamped addre-sed envel pa. Send at once, and waste no more time and money upon Worthless Pills. Mixtures, and cater So- called Remedies of this class, wWelt case pain, sickness, and Injury to the system without hiving the neceslary eff et.— Write, with full hope and confidence, to Mrs. ST. CLAIR, 46, Southampton Build rigs, Chancery-lane, London, W.C.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
SAVINGS DEPARTMENT

For the ene.i.ragement of Thrift the Bank receives small sum on deposit, an n allows Interest monthly on each elmpleted

B 1 RKBECH BUILDING SOCIETY HOW To PURCHASE A HOUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH.

BIRKBECK FREEHOLD • AND SOCIETY HOW TO PDHCHA-zR A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH.

The BIRKBECK ALMANACK. with full particulars. rod fro FRANCIS RkVENSCROFT. Mat:ager.

rillo MARRIED PEOPLE. - Invaluable information. for IL either sex. sent on remelt), stamp.—Address W. Bicisow Box 732, North-street. Not ingham.

WOODS' PATENT GALVANISED.

STEEL WISE fIiATTRESSES, With French and Persian Bedsteads complete:

to be seen carrying ONE TON. We Challenge arty Aber Wire Mattress t, o sitand this Test II But L 3 a ever re- onred of a Mattress !hat it should carry one ton Certainly not. Hitherto the _ --gainet the use of Mattresses has been that stretched alter a time.

hieh war true. We give this sevcre teit tn •ro .urs will not stretch. If they do within t years we will replace with new ones.

To be ha'd fr).,

THOMAS SUTTON, Sole Rooms. Legh Street. THE LONGFitIM WIRE Co .Limited.WARIIINGION.

ONE BOX OF CLARE:ES' B 41 PILLS is war- ranted to cure all disc,' trt e- from the Urinary Organs, In either st.x (aeoptired or eonstitutio,talt. Gravel. and Pains In the back. Gmaranteed free from Ifereurv. Sold in Boxes, 4s. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Patent MediAne Vendors throught.ut the. World ; or sent to any ad4ress for sixty stamps by the Makers, The LINC..LN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRITG COMPANY. Lin'olo. Wt,olesale Agents; BABOLAY & SOU, London all tin, Wholo,le Houses.

Kayo's BEST s FAMILY pins. MEDICINE. They Purify the Blood, and as a Mild bid effectual Aperient are unequalled, and be. yond this they brace up the nerves and set every organ in healthy action, thus ezisur. Ing complete restoration to perfect health They are A CERTAIN CURE for INDIGESTION, CONSTIPATION, BILIOUSNESS, HEADI.CHA, DYSPEPSIA, LIVER AND KIDNEY CONPLALNTS. Ma LADLES OF ALL AGES THEY ARE INVALVABLA Of all Chemists, 1/It, 2/9, and 4/0 per box.

ARRI BD LADY nas a vdrua.., inmates,. receipt ot great importa,ice to La Iles —St4mpe.l addressed envelope for particulars, Mrs. R. WILSON, h;lder Grove, Sheffield. DOUGLAS

'S REAL lIIINUMAT/C CURE lathe oily si.e rid true remedy for Rliett)u Vie, Sciatic, and Gout. The Ilea Ithematic Cure is a liqui medicine to be taken internally. , It speedily des- troys atot drives 11 out of the system the morbid and 11,EA L go ut 3 matter which exedes an i I?) produces all the pains and inflam- ations which are associated in :tit attack of rheu- matism, hether (-1 I,,JURE. acute or chronic. Never k•towt: t fail in Rheumatic fever —24 Canute Dar sir, my dewter wa, affli ted tor two years with rheu- matism and was Lt:encied by titre doctors and given twin- curabl . The da.‘ b fore taking your medicine she fainted for want of if an lo sof sleep. After taking two bottles of your Real Rheumatic Cure, she was restored to health. Yours faltlifti4y 'Mrs Roskinson. Witness to this Cure, It v Joseph D ;:extou. The English Martyrs,Preston. Other testimonials sent free. The Real Rheumatic Cute is sold by all Chemists throughow, tie United Kit,gdom at •a. 9d per bottle, or post free with gill directions, 33 stamps from the Proprietors : NLEY.

DOUGLAS AND CO., 24, GIUM-iIIAW-Sp.,

_

a r' ,

No. 1035—Frczch. ::.111 •:.-1" t . . . - :t. . _ _ z ~ air I '............1. ^ • 1 -1111- 'lll ' -• ; ',,,-,-, 4,- •-- ' atilt ill S. . .'ll4,ll„Mitinglifiet4t • ~........ ,i ;1111111111 •:•...!iiipthint, a w in : thr3 . w h ‘ve that

===== 0002601_18940421_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
if_etttrz' to the Vittorl

MORE THAN FIFTY YEARS A POSTMAN. Sir,-1 desire with 3 our generous aid to call the atten- tion 3f my fellow townsmen to the continuous and faithful service from 1843 to 1894 of James Pilling who has just retired from the service of the Post Office. Re bas served three successive generations, and preserved an irreproachable character. There are man 3 who think that the township (for many years he was the only post- man) should do something to mark its sense of such long service. The movement has the sympaths- and will have the practical support of Mr. McCorquodale, and I will gladly co-operate with any of my neighbours to promote it. " Fent qui meruit palmam."—Yours, Scc. JOHN W. WATKINS. Newton-le-Willows, 19 April, 1894.

WARRINGTON TOWN CLOCK. Sir,—Having reasen to believe that I quite misunder- stood the drift of Mr. Peer's remarks about the pendulum Suspension of the town clock, I shall be obliged if you will kindly allow me space for a few words of explana- tion. Mr. Peers expressed his opinions with such con- fident assurance that I really supposed that he had seen the clock, and knowing, as I do from personal inspec• tion, that the pendulum is suspended from the iron frame of the clock, and that there is nothing else near it which could by any stretch of imagination be regarded as a " gim-crack iron box," I naturally concluded that be referred to the clock trame. It now seems to me more probable that he was referring to that inelegant iron structure which contains the dials and dial wheels. Let me quote his own words. Speaking of Lord Grin- thorpe's book he says : " Nowhere do I find it recom- mending a shaky suspension in place of solid masonary. Every clock—turret or otherwise—should have the firmest possible suspension. No mere bolted iron work can in this respect compete with the mass of good solid masonry." If these words do not imply a belief that the town clock is not supported by solid masonry, but by bolted iron work, I don't know what they can mean. Taken in connection with his former remark about the pendulum being "suspended from a gins-crack iron box swaying by every breeze of wind," they seem only in- telligible on the supposition that Mr. Peers believes the clock te be fixed in the iron pepper box which caps the tower of Trinity Church. This is not so ; this structure contains enlv the dial work. The clock movement and pendulum are fixed some 201 t. or more lower down, below the belfry, and are supported by perfectly solid masonry. Whichever may be the correct interpretation of Mr. Peers's words his assertion about the pendulum suspension was unfortunate. If he knew whereabouts in the tower the clock is situated, and that it is support- ed by the masonry of the walls, his statement was sing- ularly ill-judged and misleading, and might with equal reason (or the reverse) he applied to probably ninety- nine out of every hundred turret clocks in the united kingdom made in recent times. If on the other hand he ' supposed the clock to be in the dial room at the top of the tower his knowledge of turret clocks 'rust indeed be deficient. It is by no means uncommon for such clocks to be fixed at a considerably lower level than their dials and no one, aware of this fact, would suppose the clock in Trinity tower to be fixed in such an unsuitable struc- ture as the dial room, even if there were room enough. I will leave your readers to infer from Mr. Peers's own letters which of the two alternatives I have suggested is the more probable. In either case his assertion that the pendulum suspension is "bad" is unaue. In no respect does it differ from that of other clocks which I have seen by Gillet, Joyce, Potts, or Smith, all makers of repute. Under the circumstances it would be superfluous to consult Lord Griinthorpe, which would, hewever, be no new experience to me as Mr. Peers assumes, jumping to conclusions again, for I have on several occasions sought advice from his Lordship en horological matters and always received very courteous replies. There are two or three features in the construction of the town clock which I know that Lord Grimthorpe would disapprove of, but they are not of such a nature as to prevent it , keeping good time, and he would assuredly say, if he saw the clock, that there is no reason why it should not go to a few seconds a week. That it has done so fre- quently I have ample evidence in the records which I have kept for the past seven years. Referring to those I find its variations have been much oftener under than over 5 seconds a week, neglecting ing the variatien (2i secs.) due to want of precision in the • strike. Unforturately I have shenn myself so "incapable or neglectful " and " so conspicuously lack- ing" in accuracy of method that I cannot of course expect this statement to he accepted as true. lam moreover forgetting that I have little or no evidence to prove that the clock may not have been seriously wrong between the dates of observation,beyond the fact that it used to go uniformly from day to day with another clock in my own possession. lam afraid this won't no. The two clocks perhaps always happened to vary at the same time, and in the same direction ; SO I must give it up. Speaking seriously I don't expect everybody to ac- cent my statements without reserve ; but I may at least ask these who are incredulous as to the accuracy of the clock, to suspend their jedgement until it has been proved unreliable. This must be my last word on the subject.—Yours truly,

F. W. REYNOLDS.

THE DEATH OF HERR PRAEGER.

A TRIBUTE FROM MR. T. J. DOWN. At the Warrington Cemetery on Monday there were interred amid many tokens of respect, the re- mains of the late Ilerr Praeger, whose death was recorded last week. The funeral cortege left the late residence of the deceased in Lovely-lane shortly after two a'clock,the chief mourners being—Mr.O.l. Praeger, Mr. F. W Praeger, Mr. L. A. Praeger, Mr. A.B. Praeger,and Mr. J.P. Praeger (sons), Mr. Ralph Johnson (son-in-law), Mr. Winter, Preston(brot her- in-law), Mr. Hopton, Preston (brother-in-law), Mr. Greenwood, Preston ; Mr.G. J. Allen, and Mr.Harter. Among those invited were Messrs. John Hs.mpson, Dockrey, R. R. Forster, J. G. Allen, John Smith A. Down, G. Johnstone, C. Lawton,R.Whitfield,Thomas Mather,Peter Mather,Robert Wilson, John Caldwell, Percy Randall,R. 11. Pearson,and W.H. Payton. The pall bearers were Messrs. W. Charnock, jun.,P.Cald- Walsh,Whitehead, riughes,and J.Burrows,who were formerly pupils of the deceased. The coffin, which was of fumigated oak,with brass mountings, bore the inscription—"lsouard Oreste Praeger, died April 12th, 1804, aged 63 years?' The Rev. C. E. Carleton was the officiating clergyman. A number of wrEaths were received from the following : Mrs. Praeger (the widow), Mr.and Mrs.llalph John- son, Mr. and Mrs. Potter, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Cald- well, Mr. and Mrs. °leave, Mr. G. J. Allen. Mr. and Mrs. Wakefield. Mrs. Brierley, Mr. and Mrs.liopton, Mr. and Mrs. Winter, Mr. and Mrs. Greenwood, Mr. Widow, and Mr. and Mrs. R H. Pearson. During Saturday over a hundred telegrams of condolence were received from the Continent from deceased's relatives and friends. - - - -

On the assembling of his orchestra fer the weekly practice on Wednesday Mr. Down alluding to the recent death of a local musician said :—What Mr. Praeger's death means to many of us in this orches- tra is not easily expressed in w.ards. I feel sure that all of us who had the privilege of knowing him deeply deplore his loss. Mr. Praeger was no ordinary man. He was undoubtedly a genius. He was certainly eccentric as men of more than ordin- ary talent are, but he was a true-hearted man, and thoroughly loyal to his friends. He was an excel- lent musician, and had the power of gaining the at- tention and affection of his pupils such as is pos- sessed by few teachers. I consider that he has done more to further the cause of music in Warrington than any other man. He did not however confine his studies to music. He was deeply read in mv.ny other subjects, and there was nothing I enjoyed more than to be in his society, and to listen to his interesting and instructive conversation. lam oc- casionally complimented upon what I have done for the cause of music, and am told that to have established and carried on so long the two _Bands which meet in this room is a wonderful work. Well, perhaps it is, but common honesty compels me to admit that a very large share of the credit of it is due to our deptrted friend. I feel certain that , if Mr. Praeger had not come to Warrington these bands would never have come into existence at all. When this Orchestra was started it consisted al- most entirely of Mr. Praeger's pupils and without them could not have been carried on, and to this day they are the back-bone of the band. The Mili- tary Band was suggested and got together by the wind players in the Orchestra, but it was Mr. Praeger who made the Orchestra possible, and from this the other sprang by a sort of natural develop. ment. lat any rate can never forget our old friend nor how much, as a musician I am indebted to him. As a token of their united respect for his memory the orchestra then performed the " Dead March " in .Saul.

IMPENDING STOPPAGE IN TRE ALKALI TRADE. Trade and business generally in the St. Helens dis- trict shows very little sign of improvement since the settlement of the coal strike, and complaints are heard on all sides. The foreign competition in the glass trade is so keen that it is stated one firm is losing large si,mi weekly. On the Ist of May a general strike is threatened in the building trade, the men demanding an advance and the masters insisting on a reduction. In addition now comes the report that a general stoppoge is to take 'place in the chemical trade. Although no official state- ment has yet been made, it is understood that at Whit- suntide, work at the whole of the establishments in St. Helens and Widnes owned b 7 the Alkali UM -m will be completely suspended for a fortnight or three weeks,and thousands of men will be thrown out of employment. It is understood that the Alkali Union is completely gutted with stocks, and the cessation of work is necces- , sary to reduce them.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0155.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
RUNCORN.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
BY A.N OCCASIONAL CORRESPONDENT.

We have been favoured with a great amount of our Parliamentary member's attention during his brief visit on Saturday. Not only did we see him performing the ceremoli: of laying the foundation stone of the new Institute of Technical Instruction, and beard him express his entire concurrence with the movement for the advancement of learning, but we saw him the same afternoon extending a help- ing hand to a local organization in a rather novel form. Perhaps we might say extending a helping foot, because the action referred to was his kicking off at the football match between Runcorn and Sal- ford which ended in the homesters winning such a splendid victory over their powerful opponents. The club's exchequer must be materially improved, as the "gate" was a record one.

Thus, in one afternoon, we find Mr. Brunner showing his sympathy with both physical and men- tal exercises, and to the latter, it might be said, in a very substantial manner. Towards the building of the Institute he had already promised £5OO, but on Saturday afternoon he displayed another ex- ample of his generosity by promising a further £5OO providing Runcorn subscribed an additional sum to that amount. Here is an opportunity for the people of R.incorn to follow the example of their member, and everyone will admit that it is a worthy example. It is to be hoped that, notwith- standing the present depressed state of trade, those who can afford will give, in order that the wish of the majority of the people may be gratified, namely, that the Institute shall be opened free from debt.

Tie Liberals who were assembled in the Liberal Club on Saturday evening must have felt highly delighted when Mr. Brunner made his appearance amongst them once more, and those members who were not present certainly missed a rare treat. As upon former oclasions Mr. Brunner delivered an address in his customary style, first dealing with the retirement of Mr. Gladstone from the premier- ship, then with the form which he expected the budget to take, and finally with the recent stupid and crazy attempt of the Tory party to legislate. He congratulated the members upon the comfort- able and jolly appearance of the room, and hoped when they had succeeded in paying off the debt, that they would not "blackball "the young Liberals who came after them,but extend a hearty welcome. The proceedings were characterized throughout by genial enthusiasm and confidence in Mr. Brunner as their Parliamentary representative.

Still another evidence of the deep interest which Mr. Brunner manifests in the welfare of Runcorn. It is known that some time ago he purchased the old Presbyterian chapel and schools with a view to their being converted into a United Trades Hall. The matter was then put into the hands of delegates from the local trades unions representing nearly a thousand members, and these gentlemen decided that the better course would be to pull the old building down entirely and erect new premises. The total cost of the scheme was estimated at £7OO, and plans were prepared of the proposed building. On Saturday evening Mr. Brunner had an interview with the delegates and approved of the plans like- wise generously offering to detray the whole cost and hand the building over to some public trust. Need- less to mention the offer was gratefully accepted and Mr. Brunner received the thanks of the dele- gates for his munificence.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
....ww41••••••••.... RUNCORN RURAL SANITARY. AUTHORITY.

The usual monthly meeting of this Authority was held on Tuesday at the Workhouse, Dutton. There were present the Revs. J. W. N. Tanner, and J. Hanby, Messrs. J. Mclntyre (late chairman), 3. Knowles (late vice-chairman), J. Brandreth, H. E. Hey wood, W. Pickeri_ig, J. W. Baguley, C. T. Whitley, S. Woodward, J. Stokes, T. Lewis, E. Aaron, C.- W. Davenport, W. Whitlow, T. Baxter, 0.0., and John Weir, with Dr. Adams (medical officer), Mr. J. Ashton clerk; Mr. G. Ashton, deputy clerk, and Mr. J. Farrington, nuisance inspector.

APPOINTMENT OF CHAIRMAN AND VICE-CFIAIRMAN. The CLERK stated that this being the first. meeting after the 15!:li April it was the duty of the members to appoint a chairman for the remainder of the year.—Mr. Aar..n proposed that Mr. John Mclntyre be again appointed to that position.—Mr. Whitley seconded and the motion was unanimously carried.—The Chairman sincerely thank?d them for their kindness and courtesy in aga.ir. electing him chairman. Ho had pleasure in proposing that Mr. Joseph Knowles, who had so ably supported him in the past, should be re-elected vice- chairman to support him in tile future.—Mr. Stokes seconded and the proposition was carried with unani- mity.—The Vice-chairman returned thanks for the honour done him.

DEFECTIVE; DRAINAGN AT HILTON.

The Clerk read the minutes of the Halton Parochial Committee's last meeting chewing that Mr. Farrington submitted his report which stated that a nuisance exis- ted on premises off Halton-lane, arising from imperfect and defective drainage, for the removal of sewage. together with untrapped sewage inlets. The Committee decided to draw the agents attention to the matter with a request to have the drainage, &c., improved.—The minutes were adopted.

ELECTION OF FINANCE COMMITTEE. Mr. Brandreth moved that the gentlemen who consti- tuted the above committee last year be re-elected with the exception of Messrs. Parkinson and Jenkins.—This was agreed to.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CLOSING OF NO RLF.T ECHOOL3.

Writi:4.r. with reference to the cic,sing, of the Norley Schools, the Local Ciovernrneut Board requested that in future cases, when the question arose of closing public elementary schools for the prevention of spreading in- fectious disease, the course marked out in the Board's memorandum relating to school closing be followed.

THH SEWERING OF THE HRLSBY TELEGRAPH WORKS.

Mr. Adamson wrote saying that he was quite willing to allow the Sanitary Authority to make a sewer or drain, from the telegraph works at Elelshy, through his field, on condition that they undertook to remove it at any time, cover the cost of any damage caused, and al- lowed the tenant to have a voice a 3 to where the drain must be.—Mr. Brandreth proposed that Mr. Adamson' offer he accepted, and that the Clerk be instructed to write thanking him for having met the Authority so favourably in the matter. Further, that tho Clerk write to the Ifelsby Telegraph Works asking the proprie- tors what they were prepared to pay towards the cost of the lower, so that the whole amount should not fall upon the rates, Mr. Farrington in the meantime to pre- pare an estimate for the work. The proposition was agreed to.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0159.txt | included=true | included =====
THE AUTHORITY AND MR SMALLPDX HOSPITAL.

The Ctunic stated that in accordance with the Authority's instructions to make the best terms he could with Mr. Jackson, in conjunction with Dr. Adams, for the purchase of the M.S.C. hospital, he had consulted with Dr: Adams. Alter the consulation, himself and Dr. Adams came to the conclusion that it was not wise to take the building over if it had to be removed. Con- sequently they did not approach Mr., Jackson thinking that it could be done better by the Authority.—Dr. Adams said that if the hospital were to be retained it would be useful for isolation porpos9s should cholera, smallpox, or fever break out in the neighbourhood. They had a port in theirdistrict,but had no means antinst cholera should that disease be imp:irted. Ultimately a committee was appointed to consider the matter. ELECTION OF PAROCIIIAL COMMITTEES.

The following gentlemen were elected the Parochial Committee for Appleton :—Messrs. J. Knowles, Daven- port, T. Hall, Derbyshire, E. J. Hall, H. Eyes, J. Whitlow, J. Hitchcock, W. Coppock, J. Longland, R. Shackleton, and H. J. Westbrook.—Frodsham :—Messrs. Heywood, A. Thomas, Williams, T. Lewis, H. Tiley, A. Liriaker, Earlam, W. Shore, Riley, H. G. Linaker, H. Lewis, and J. Gardner.—Frodsham Lordship and Halton C‘mincittees were reappointed without alteration.

THE AUTHORITY AND THE IkIANCHESTER SHIP CANAL DILL.

Mr. Brandreth presented the report of the Committee appointed to secure the insertion of the clause in the above bill referring to the Authority's drains and sewers likely to be affected by the undertaking. The result of the Committee's deliberations was that the Authority should employ Parliamentary agents to watch the Bill as it passed through Parliament giving to the Committee full powers to act in case of emergency. Also that the Clerk press the solicitors of the Company to send a draft of the clause and whilst doing so inform them that in con- sequence of not having sent it the Authority had been forced to instruct Parliamentary agents to watch the progress of the,Bill, any expenses entailed by this action, ' through the solicitors delay, to be paid by the Company. Mr. Brandreth concluded by proposing the adoption of the report.—Mr. Heywood seconded and the repJrt was adopted.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0160.txt | included=true | included =====
MEDICAL OFFICER'S REPORT.

,Dr. Adams submitted his fortnightly report which stated that a case of typhoid fever had occurred at Budworth, three of scarlet fever at Antrobus, one of scarlet fever at Bud worth, and one at Fox Hill Farm, Frodsham. Two cases of diphtheria bad occurred at Frodsharn Bridge, Frod- sham ; and he had been informed that more than 100 children had been absent from Daresbury and Halton schools during the tortnight owing to an outbreak of measles. He had been asked to close the schools and re- commended the adoption of that course to the Authority. Seven fresh cases of infectious disease had been notified to him during the fortnight.—The report was adoptei.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0161.txt | included=true | included =====
'slifillolllllMllol.lllllll.illlll.l=lllllMli

===== 0002601_18940421_art0162.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, APRIL 21, 1894

WIDNES SCHOOL BOARD.

The usual monthly meeting of this Board was held in the Board room, of the Town Hall, on Tues- day afternoon, under the presidency of Mr. H. Wade Deacon, J.P., o.o.—There were also present, the Revs. Dean Finegan, and Father Clarke; Dr. O'Keefe, Messrs. J. W. Waring, C. E. Barlow, R. Shaw, C. Flynn, B. Brown, S. Quinn, D. Lewis, and G. 11. Danby (clerk.)

===== 0002601_18940421_art0163.txt | included=true | included =====
DISTRICT EDUCATION COMMITTEE.

This Committee reported that during the month of March there had been 13 applications for free places, which were granted, and 24 prosecutions before the magistrates. The minutes were passed on the motion of the Rev. Father Clarke. SCHOOL MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE.

This Committee recommended that the resignation of Miss Benbow, assistant in the junior girls' department, West Bank School, and Miss () ' logo., assistant mistress, infants' department, Warrington Road School, be ac- cepted, and that Miss M. C. H. Fox be appointed assist- ant, infants' department, Simm's Cross School, at the salary of £7O per annum, rising according to the scale of the Board. On the motion of Deaa Finegan the min- utes were adopted.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0164.txt | included=true | included =====
rINANCIS COMMITTEE.

Accounts amounting to £625 83. 43. were recom- mended for payment. It was recommended that the tender of Mr. George Bellamy he accepted for printing, lithographing, &c., supplying of boilks, as per schedule. —Mr. Shaw moved the adoption of minutes and said that the tender fer printing, which was referred back for re-consideration at the last meeting, had been again gone into by his committee and they had accepted the lowest tendor.—The minutes wore passed.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0165.txt | included=true | included =====
BALANCE STINET.

The Financial statement for the half-year ending March 25th, showed a balance in hand )f £702 17s. The receipts amounted to £5, 047 173. 6d.,and included £3,006 163., annual grant from the Educational Depart- ment, £209 195., annual grant from the Science and Art Department, £1,117 17s. 6(1., fee grant from the Education Department, and £213 9s. 3d., school fees. The expenditure amounted to £4,345 Os. Bd. and in- cluded expenses of administration £368 2s. 11d., ad expenses of maintenance £3,286 7s. 11d. FRODSHAM.

MEETING OF THE PAROCHIAL COMMITTEES. —Mr. A. Thom9s, J.P., presided over the usual meeting of the committees on Saturday evening. Mr. Heywood gave notice of his intention at the next meeting of moving the further discussion of the question of the boundaries of Frodshatn and Frodsham Lordship. It was stated by several members that it seemed unfair that Riley Bank Farm should be rated in respect to the sewerage scheme, or for the proposed water scheme. Mr. S. Davies, the r.guperintendent engineer of the scheme, said that about 600 yards of mains had been laid by Messrs. Timmins, and that he had received 70 applications from persons for connections with the water mains which would have his further attention.

FATAL RAILWAY A-CCIDENT.—An accident of a shock- ing nature occurred shortly before seven o'clock on Thursday morning on the London and North-Western Railway at Helsby. A man named Joseph Lightfoot,un- married, and a native of the village, by occupation a plate-layer, was attempting to evade a passenger train, and whilst doing so was knocked down and run over by a goods train travelling between Chester and Warring- ton. Both legs were severed from his body. Dr. Bry- ant, of Helsby, was at once communicated with, but notwithstanding his skill and attention the poor fellow succumbed to his injuries at 8.20 the same morning. The circumstances have been reported to the Coroner, who will probably investigate the Mintter.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0166.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SHIP CANAL.

THE FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY.

The following statement was issued on Monday, by the Board of Directors :—From the statement sub- mitted to the Ship Canal Bard on Saturday the 14th Inst. by the Chairman of the Finance Committee, Sir Edward Jenkinson, it appears that the cash balances and other available assets, including the half million remaining out of the two millions authorised to be lent by the Manchester Corporation under the Act of 1893, amounted on the Ist January, 1894, to £1,353,482. The following is the forecast of the financial position of the Company on the Ist January, 1895 :—After pro-. viding for all works already ordered by the Executive Committee (including six dock sheds three storeys hih and twenty hydraulic cranes ordered since the date of the shareholders meeting in February last), for dredging, for the balance owing on purchases of land, for working expenses, and for interest On all loans for the year 1894, and taking traffic receipts at a low estimate, the sales of plant at only £20,000 (£12,000 having been realised since January 1), and without estimating any receipts from sales of land, there is a balance of £331,515. _ _

Some portion of this balance will probably bit ex- pended by the Executive Committee on further neces- sary works. The Company owns abtut 2,600 acres of surplus lands, the value of which is already large and will steadily increase. The value of the plant now avail- able for sale is also very considerable. A TRADES DEMONSTRATION.

The Manchester and Salford Trades Council on Thurs- day evening sanctioned the holding of a united trades demonstration on the occasion of the formal opening of tbe Ship CAnal.

Tbr, tloyal Laundresses say Critchley's " STAnon GLose is unequalled for imparting a beantifnl finish to starched briva, do.. either cold or boiling water starch. Mr. —, Corn- wall. says :—" My wife will not finish our linen without your " fitarvh Gloss." From Mrs. —, Bradford : "Dear sir,— I ens plc;ased to inform you that I have tried many so-called Starch Glezes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." II should Ito vis,-41 in every house. Bold at Id., 3d., and 6d., by most star.:th sears's. ff not in stock will procure It.. T. 0R1TC21.1..7, WAOkhUra, Propriettw.—Arigt.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0167.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

THURSDAY. In the House .of Comirons on Thursday evening Mr. H. GARDNER, answering a question about the importa- tion of foreign meat, said he hoped to be able to intro- duce at an early date a bill giving the Board of Agricul- ture, in cases affecting the general interests of agriculture powers similar to those conferred on the Board of Trade by the Merchandise Marks Act. Questioned about the extradition of Mr. J. S. BAL- vont, Sir E. GREY said Her Majesty's Government had takm every legal precaution necessary. No fresh ob- stacles had arisen, but it was not yet possible to say when the legal proceedings would come to an end. Sir W. HARCOURT, in reply to questions, said he hoped to be able to find an opportunity nest week for the Welsh Disestablishment Bill. In answer to a question put by Mr. SEXTON, the right hon gentleman said that, having regard to the Rending inquiry into the relative incidence of taxation in the separate parts of the United Kingdom, he thought it was a fair demand and was right that the proposals for an increase in the duty on spirits and beer should take effect only for the present financial year.

Mr. SITAW-LEFETRE brought in a bill to accelerate the registration of parochial electors in the present year. He said it had been arranged that the measure should be treated as non-contentious, and it would be possible to hold the first meetings of the parish councils within a few days after the 22nd November. Mr. Mott-ism introduced the Government bill to facili- tate and make provision for the restoration of Irish evicted tenants to their holdings. In the course of his statement he said the foundation of their prop )sals was the constitution of a board of three arbitrators, whose office was to last for two years. The tenant would be reinstated subject to certain conditions. He would go back provisionally at the old rent, but this would be transformed into a fair rent after investigation. The arbitrators might direct payment to the landlt rd, for arrears of rent and costs, for a sum n.)t exceeding two years of the old rent, and they might also make to the landlord a free grant of one-half of that sum from money placed at their disposal by Parliament, the other half being secure.d or paid by the tenant. The landlord might require the tenant to purchase instead el taking the land as a tenant. As t) funds, it was proposed that £lOO,OOO should be chargeable on the Irish Church Temporalities Fund. Mr. Balfour briefly criticised the bill. Mr. Harrington and Mr. T. W. Russell expressed disappointment with the bill. Mr. Dir,Lox thought the bill contained valuable provisions and would put four- fifths of the evicted tenants back in their homes. Mr. COURTNEY said whether this was a practical attempt or not, they could but hope in its practicability. Mr. W. REDMOND said the difficulty of the 66 planters" would not be settled. Mr. SEXTON said the bill was as good a bill as they were likely to pass, and with much gratitude he should vote for the second reading. Mr. MORLEY expressed himself gratified with the reception accorded to the bill, which was read a first time. Mr. Muodell a afterwards moved the second reading of the Co nciliation Bill, but it was talked out by Mr. Pierpoint.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0168.txt | included=true | included =====
--s- PENKETH.

FAREWELL MEETING. —Last evenieg week, the em- ployees of the Penketh Tanning, Co. assembled at the Wesleyan School with their families to partake of the tea provided for them by Mr. Charles Parker, the mana- ger of the tannery, who has left for America. The tea was very much enjoyed by all and after the close the room was cleared, and a concert was held, the room being densely crowded by the tanners with their wives and families. Mr. James Dodds, of Lymtn, was in the chair and called on Mr. Welch to commence the pro- gramme with "Tom Bowling." This was followed by 1 Mr. Norman who wq,s loudly applauded for "My Dear Old Wife." Miss E. Tetlow sang a song, and which was followed by a reading by G. Smith. A duet by Messrs. Appleton and Budden, followed by a song from F. Goul- den brought the first part to a close. Mr. Dodds ad- dressed the meeting, and spoke of the occasion that had brought them together that evening. They were there to bid God speed to a man who was respected and ad- mired by all. His conduct towards the workmen under him had been honourable and straightforward and he had promoted various set-Imes which were to bring benefit to the village. He hoped Mr. Parker would have a pleasant trip and return with renewed health and ex- perience. Mr. Parker, who was received with uproari- ous applause, then addressed the meeting. He felt quite touched by their expressions of esteem and good wishes, but he did not think Mr. Dodds was quite correct in say- ing he had done all the work in the matter of improve- ments. The workmen he thought were very industrious. and he was quite satisfied with them. The trade at the tannery however was falling off considerably, and the last year was the worst that had been experienced by the firm. The leather manufacturers of America could supply the same quality of leather cheaper than they could and were spoiling their trade. He had decided to take a trip to America to see if he could find the secret of their trade, and when he re:urned hoped to be able to improve their manufacture and lessen their expenditure. He felt that he was leaving men behind him that he could trust, and felt sure all would go well in his absence. The memory of their meeting would be a pleasant recol- lection for him when away. Messrs. Norman and Pos- nett also addressed the meeting. A second part of the programme was then gone through mid the meeting closed with the singing of "He's a jelly good fellow." Mr. Parker left the village on Saturday to board the American boat at Liverpool. He expects to be away about two months.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0169.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COAL TRADE.

DEPRESSION AND LABOUR DIFFICULTIES.

A Chesterfield telegram says the coal trade outlook in Derbyshire is extremely gloomy. At Kilburn Colliery the men are on strike against the proposal of the mas- ters, which it is said will affect the men to the exbent of is. 6d. or 23. per, day. The Miners' Union supports the men's action. The Manvers Colliery Company are disposing of the services of 120 men on the ground that their furnace coal seam is not being worked at a profit. It is estimated that there are several thou sand Derby- shire miners idle, and that many more wcrk very short time.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0170.txt | included=true | included =====
THE S.S. "GOTHIC."

The White Star Mail Steamer "Gothic," which in December last, on her arrival in the Thames from the building yard of Messrs. Harland and Wolff, Belfast,was visited by H.R.H. The Duchess of Albany, and after- wards thrown open to the public, for the benefit of the " Dreadnaught " Seamen's Hospital, whereby over £4OO was collected on behalf of the charity, arrived back in London, from New Zealand, early on Sunday morning last, after the completion of a most successful maiden voyage. Amongst her passengers was Sir Geore Grey. Throughout the round voyage the vessel maintair.ed an exceptionally high rate of speed, and she arrived in the Royal Albert Dock, on her return trip, three days ahead of her itinerary, after one of the quickest and most enjoyable passages yet made from New Zealand. It is interesting to note that the "Gothic" is the first steamer in the New Zealand service fitted with " Carbonic Anhydride System of Refrigeration." which has worked so successfully in the Atlantic and River Plate Dead Meat Trades, and it augurs well for the future of this method that 70,000 carcases of mutton and 2,400 packages of butter arrived by the " Gothic " in perfect condition.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0171.txt | included=true | included =====
HOUSEBREAKING AT NEWTON.

EXTENSIVE THEFT.

At Newton Petty Sessions on Saturday, Joseph Booth, about sixty years of age, was charged with having on the 7th April broken and entered into the house of Richard Coppul, and stolen therefrom two silver watches and one gold chain value £l4. Richard Coppul stated that he was a thrashing ma- chine owner and lived at 430, Wargrave-road, New- ton-le-Willows. He had known the prisoner for six months and he had employed him at the thrashing machine. In company with his wife he (witness) left home on the 7th inst, and before leaving he securely fastened the windows and doors. After leaving the house he met the prisoner in Red Bank-lane, Newton, and told him to go to the machine which was then at the Hermit Inn, and to do some repairs to the sheet which covered it, and which had a rent in it. He gave the prisoner sixpence, and told him he was going to Croft. He and his wife returned home at 11.30 the same day and found the back window broken and the catch pushed back. He went upstairs and found that the dressing-table drawers had been ransacked, and the drawer which contained the jewellery on the floor. His watch and his wife's watch and chain were missing,and he valued them at £l4-. He identified the watches and chain produced as his property.—Mrs. Hannah Coppul, wife of the previous witness corroborated her husband's statement.—Edgar Stockwell, assistant to Mr. Thomas Greaves, pawnbroker, Church-street, Warrington, said at nine o'clock on the 9th inst., the prisoner came to the shop at Warrington and offered for pledge the gent's watch produced. The prisoner gave the name of John , Taylor, Back Crossley-street, Warringten, and said the I watch belonged to hiai, and had been given to him by his brother-in-law, Richard Ceppul.—He advanced him 10s. on it. P.C. Schofield stated that on the Bth inst. he apprehended the prisoner at Forshaw's lodging-house, Earlestown. Witness asked him if he had anything in his pockets which did not belong to him. Prisoner replied "no." On searching him he (witness) found upon him the ladies' watch and chain prcduced, and also a broken watch glass. Be took him to the police station and charged him with the offence as set forth on the charge sheet. The prisoner said "I didn't do it." He (witness) received the gent's watch produced from Mr.Greavee pawnshop, Warring- ton. The prisoner who has been several times convicted at Warrington was committed to Liverpool Quuter Sos- sioas.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0172.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW TECHNICAL INSTITUTE FOR

RUNCO R N. MR. J. T. BRUNNER, M.P. LAYS THE FOUNDA-

TION STONE.

The important ceremony of laying the founda- tionstone of the new Technical Institute, at Run- corn, was performed on Saturday last by Mr. J. T. Brunner, M.P., for this division, in the presence of several thousand people. The centre of operations in Waterloo-road, was hung with a profusion of bunting, whilst above the Town Hall, and at differ- ent parts of the site, flags were hoisted. The Sea- men's Institute also came in fer similar decorations, which together with the dressings of various other buildings in the town had the effect of making the scene quite gay and festive. Shortly after one o'clock large crowds of people came streaming into the town from tha railway station and many other directions, all mak- ing their way, more or less, towards the Town Hall, in Wa,erloo-roasi. Three brass bands had kindly lent their services, namely, Volunteer Band, Weston Wesleyan,and the Weston Point Saltworks, all of whom, at intervals, discoursed various selections of music. At about two o'clock Mr. Brunner arrived at the Town Hall accom- panied by some of the Commissiomers and officials, and was greeted with a hearty welcome upon his entrance into the Boardroom,where the remaining Commissioners and other gentlemen were assembled. The procession was then formed and proceeded, in company with the bands named, towards the site of the Institute. Mr. S. Taylor, as chairman of the Commissioaers,presided over the proceedings, amongst those gentlemen present being the following: Tile Rev. Canon Maitland Weed, J. Hei- den, J. Simpson, W. Arrowsmith,and T. Casely ; Messrs. P. Speakman, J.P., C.C., J. Mealowcroft, H. J. Grice, W. Hankinson, T. Lea, J. W. Lightburn, F. Wiswall,E. Imison, D. Bisbrown, R. Abel, J. Pritchard, and W. Elandley,(Commissioners), J. Bowden, (architect), J. R. Frith, J. Moss, J. D. Jones, T. Baxter, C.C., T. Hanley, F. J. Norman, J.P., W. Wright, C.C., (Seacombe), A.R. Norman, J. B. Holland, R. Rawlinson, F. A. Lake, M. Barker, E. Marshall, J. Wilding, W. E. Dudlev,T. Riley R. Boyle, W. Rhodes, W. Cropper, T. Bowyer,T. Taylor J. Kirkham, J. Billing,ton, J. Holt, William Moston, E. Aston, Clare, W. E. Shore, L. Rozenbury, W. Shaw, J. Percival, R. Wright, J. Bellamy, S. R tvensc nit, J. W. Woodland, J. F. Moulton, C. Pownall, G. Dutton, V. Jones, J. Gatley, B. Crosby, Captain J. W. Boyle, W. Joynson, T. Boote, T. Cooke, Jabuz Stubbs, &c. See. Mr. Taylor, who was loudly applauded, expressed his great pleasure at seeing such a large number of persons present. He was convinced, judging from the enthusiasm generally displayed that they had the sympathy of the people of Runcorn in this important and very beneficial undertaking. (Applause.) Tiiey all knew that the future benefit of this country entirely depended upon education. Other nations were against us, and they had made great strides for veers past in matters concerning education. He was how- ever, very pleased to find that England was, and had been for a long time, acting a great part in this ques- tion. (Hear, hear.) They ell knew Inivr much more pleasant and beneficial it was for both employers and employed, when the latter were educated men, and consequently understood the nature of the trades at which they worked. An educated man always listened to reason and if he found that his employer was in the right, he would no longer contend against him, but with an uneducated man it was sometimes different. They had made great ttrides in both ele- mentary education, and technical instruction, and he thought, that everyone would agree with him that in the near future they would have advantages for all classes. In Runcorn, he was very pleased to say, they had kapt abreast in educational matters of any town the same size. (Applaese.) Mr. Brunner was a thorough educationalist and had done a great deal in forwarding the cause. He had built a very handsome free library for Northwich, as well as assisting Wins- ford, Mickliewich, and other towns in Cheshire. (Ap- plause.) Under those circumstances he was sure he • would be tight in saying that Mr. Brunner's heart and soul were in education, and he had come there that day te lay the foundation stone, they would all be very proud to see him. (Loud applause.) Mr. Wiswall, chairman of the Technical Instruction Committee, then introduced Mr. John Bowden, the architect of the Institute, and spoke at seine length on that gentleman's experience and capability. He was sure Mr. Bowden had done the work to the very best advantage, and he had great pleasure in calling upon him to assist Mr. Brunner in laying the foundaticn stone. _

Mr. Bowden, having presented the silver trowel and mallet to Mr. Brunner, delivered a short address, after which the formal ceremony of laying the stone was gone through. When it waes concluded, Mr. Brunner said : I declare this stone to be well and truly laid.--(Loud applause.)—ln the cavity beneath the stone a bottle was placed containing a number of small coins, a copy of the Examiner and other local papers, and the Commissioners' year book. Canon Wood, in moving a vote of thanks to Mr. Brunner,said that many people in Runcorn would like a public park and play ground, and others were seeking to secure public baths. They had, however, something that day of an extremely progressive nature. (Applause.) He then proceeded to deal at some length with the benefits which would accrue from the teaching at such an Institute as the one in course of erection. The present occasion was one upon which Conservatives and Liberals could rear together and unitedly thank their member,Mr. Brunner, for laying the foundation stone. (Loud cheers.) Mr. Speakman expressed the great pleasure he felt in seconding the resolution of thanks to Mr. Brunner. He was glad to say that in conjunction with himself the Improvement Commissioners had taken up the question of building the Institute in so noble a manner that the result was that great progress had been made. Mr. Brunner had set a noble example by giving £5OO. and in laying the foundation stone of the building in which the minds of so many young people would be developed. (Applause.) Mr. Pritchard, chairman of the School Board, sup- ported the motion. For the last three years the Science and Art classes had been concructed by the School Board with considerable success, and lie hoped that the same success would attend the Institute when it was com- pleted. Mr. Brunner was an ardent educationalist and was a generous elver to institutions which advanced the social and moral condition of the people. He had great pleasure in supporting the resolution which he was sure would be heartily approved.. Mr. W. Wright (Liscard) also supported the motion with great pleasure, and added that lie was pleased to see how Runcorn was advancing in matters concerning, the education of its people. Mr. Taylor then put the resolution which was carried with acclamation and waving of hats. Mr. Brunner in acknowledgement of the vote, said it was with great pleusure that he found himself in Run- corn that day engaeed in so good a work as that placed in his hands by the governing authority of the town. (Hear, hear.) There was no subject to which they could more worthily give their time, attention, money and work, than the subject of education. (Hear, bear, and applause.) The people in England had been very sadly behind in educational matters, and it was the greatest pleasure to him that day to see an indication of the intention of the people of Runcorn to go forward in the work. lie hisped they would soon make up their minds to do the best they possibly could to overtake the ' French, Germans, and Swiss, and then not to be con- tent until they had beaten them hapds down. There was nothing 'which Englishmen could not do better than any other nation if they only made up their minds to ' do it, and he hoped they would make up their minds to do this. (Applause.) he cordially concurred with the statement recently made by Canon Wood that they were all of one mind that day, and that no political difficulties divided them. When the beautiful building was completed, and those attending the classes elevated to a moral atmostphere, they could then work with unanimity and he happy. He asked them all to loek forward to meeting in the building once a year to see ' the work of the scholars, and the presentatirn of the re- wards, and expressed a hope that the fathers and mothers of the unsuccessful scholars would take an equal interest in the event with the fathers and mothers of the successful scholars, and admire with unselfishness the rewards given to the latter. (Applause.) Runcorn had done well in adopting the Free Libraries Act, and the Technical Instruction Act which had exercised a most beneficial effect upon the town. Owing to the two Acts named the maximum rate was one penny in each case, but the School Board might gather up as large an amount of money froes the pockets of the ratepayers as they were willing to give. He was looking forward to the day when the debt upon the schools held by the trustees of the School Board, would he paid off. They knew that the School Board rate included not

--- only the annual expenses of carrying on the institution, but also instalments for the repayment of borrowed

- _ capital. Some day that debt would be wiped off and he was going to boast on their behalf that when that had been accomplished, the ratepayers would not spend less, but more on the education of their children. It had been said that he ‘Mr. Brunner) would give £5OO if Runcorn would subscribe £5OO. The latter amount had not been subscribed, and consequently his money had not been paid. (Laughter.) He thought £5OO was a very small sum for a town like Runcorn to raise. In a large number of small towns in Wales as much as £1 per head had been subscribed for secondary schools. If the people of Runcorn would subscribe like that they would soon get £20,000, instead of £5OO. (Hear, hear and laughter.) Continuing, Mr. Brunner said that as he sympathised so much with the work they had in hand he was ready to promise a further £5OO, if Runcorn would do likewise. ,Loud cheers.) He felt rather ashamed of himself for not having mentioned the girls of Runcorn, and he would therefore like for all fathers and mothers to understand that ample facilitir s for the girls as well as the boys would be provided at the institute. He hoped they would get their County Council scholar- ships and thus be able to go to better schools than Run- corn could afford them. (Hear, hear.) He would close his remarks as he began them by saying t}..a`, it had been a great pleasure to him to leave a region of strife at Westminster and come to a region of contentment in Runcorn. (Laughter.) He hoped• that good times were in store for Runcorn, when, ttrough the work

executed by those whom they elected to represent them, aided by the ministers of religion in the town, that their population might be so raised in character, in capability, and conduct, that they might live to see the day when all brutality and vice would have vanished from the town, and that poverty, except in the cases of infirmity and advanced years, might be banished. (Loud cheers.)

Mr. F. J. Norman,J.P., in proposing a vote of thanks to the Commissioners and the Technical Instruction Committee, ceupled the names of Messrs. Taylor and Wiswall, the respective chairmen. He need hardly remind them that an immense amount of work had to be done in an undertaking of that kind, which was always beset with so many difficulties. It might be fairly argued that the resources of the gentlemen named were too limited, in a towu so small as Runcorn, for a scheme so ambitious. They must not make a mistake when he said this.. He did not complain that a section of the population should take that view, but he merely mentioned it to demonstrate the difficulty of their task. Fortunately the Committee had a magnificent faith which over-rode all obstacles, and by its deeds in the past, and by its promises for the future, it well earned their thanks. In his introduction to the four essays on political econerny, John Ruskin urged that there should be training schools established, at Government cost, over the whole country; that every child born in the country should imperatively be taught with the best skill the country could produce the following three things :—The laws of health and the exercises enjoined by them ; gentleness and justice ; the calling by which they are to live. That was a very high ideal of technical education, considered chimerical be the vast majority. But already it was even approaching realization; and the completion of that institute would enable Runcorn to comply with its exacting demands. As they had heard, the State would only furnish part of the cost,and although Mr. Brunner had nobly doubled his princely contribution ot £5OO there was still a large amount to be raised by private contributions. He suggested that if some wealthy gentleman could not be found to give £l,OOO, that the sum should be acqui red by gathering small subscriptions. (Applause.) The motion was seconded by Mr. Raw linson, sup- ported by Mr. John Holt, and heartily accorded. Mr. Taylor in responding said it was his great desire to see the building completed and free from debt. They had an income of £4OO, but they had to interfere with that sum fer the erection of the building. However, he hoped everyone would do their best to free the Institute before it was opened.

Mr Wigwall alter returning thanks said the building of the Institute .would cost £4,000. They were guaran- teed £3 for every £1 subscribed'so that hews certain if everyone tried their hardest the schools would be open free from debt.

The proceedings then terminated, after cheers having been raised for Mr. Brunner and his wife, which were briefly acknowledged. The foundation stone which is of white granite bore the following inscription ;—• "This foundatinn stone was ! laid by J. T. Brunner Esq., M.P., on April 14th, 1894." ' The trowel was incrihed with the following words : "Presented to J. T. Brunner Esq., M.P., on the occasion of laying the foundation stone of the Runcorn Technical Institute, April 14th, 1894." The amount promised arid subscribed is £2,500, which with the additional £5OO promised by Mr. Brunner, as mentioned above, will bring the total up to £3,000. The following donations, which have been included in the above total, have been ! promised :--The Rev. Canon Maitland Wood, £5O; Mr. P. Speakman, J.P., C.C., £5O; Mr. F. J. Norman, J.P., £5O; Mr. S. Taylor, J.P., £3O; Mr. W. Flankinson, ; Mr. H. J. Grice, £5; Mr. W. Handley, £5; Mr. F. Wis- wall, £5; Mr. R. Ravilinson, £5; Mr. Jno. Holt, £2. Messrs. F. Wiswall and Aloston have also promised to raise £5 each. These amount A together with £l,OOO granted by the Science and Art Department, £440 by the Cheshire County Council, and £3OO accumulated by the Commissioners from the penny rate bring the total !up to the figures mentioned above. The Technical In- struction Committee are making strenuous exertions to ! secure the necessary balance, and it is to be hoped tlast their endeavours will be rewarded with success.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0173.txt | included=true | included =====
7

LOCAL CRICKET CLUB FIXTURES.

PRESENTATION r 0 MR. GASKIN. The heads of departments at St. Hel.ns Town Hail on Monday night presented Mr. D. M. F. Gaskin, M.1.C.E., the retiring water engineer, with a handsome case of cutlery. Mr. Gaskin has commenced his duties as water engineer of Nottingham. The gift was accompanied with best wishes for his future success.

ST. HELENS LIBRARIES. The Public Librarian of St. Helens (Mr. Lancaster) reported on Wednesday that during March the number of books issued from the St. Helens Central and Branch Public Libraries was 16,067, an increase of 3,124 ; and the attendance in the reading-rooms 31,115, an increase of 2,337. TILE LABOUR DISPUTE AT FRESCO?. Regarding the dispute at the Prescot Watch Factory, the man offered to return at a red uced rate, but their services were not required. 8) much inconvenience was caused by certain of the hands leaving work on the Grand National day, that the management de- cided to substitute machinery for labour, and this has been done.

AFFAIRS OF A ST. HELENS JOINER AND BUILDER. At the Liverpool Bankruptcy Court, on Thursday,John Fisher, a joiner and builder at Sutton, near St. Helens, came up for public examination. The liabilities were returned at -2158, and the assets at £2lB, the latter in- cluding a reversionary interest and an equity in some property.—The case was of an ordinary nature, and the examination was closed. SUDDEN DEATH IN THE MARKET. Some consternation was caused in St. Helens Market about eleven o'clock on Monday morning by the sudden death of an elderly man named Samuel Winstanley, be- lieved to be a resident in Gerard's Bridge. A bottle of medicine was found in his pocket, and it transpired that he had just come from the surgery of Dr. Wyse. The body was removed to the public mortuary.

=SIM

.1. NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS. The members of the above club opened their , season successfully on Saturday afternoon last,wkeit they met Sankey Wire Mills at Newton. The first' eleven is something of the same composition as last year,'-he only aidition being that of B ttes,who has gone over from the Earlestown club ai professional. The quality of the matches is somewhat similar to last year% and the club anticipates a fairly successful season. The ' following is a list of the fixtures for the first eleven :-- April 21 Cheetham hone „ 28 Leigh home May 5 Tyldeslev away „ 12 Wavertree. ,

away „ 19 West Derby home „ 26 Newsham away June 2 Richmond home „ 9 Cheetham away „ 23 West D rby away . 30 Tyldesley home July 14 Newshain home „ 21 Barlestowu away „ 28 Wayertr .e home Aug. 4 Barlestown home ' „ 11 Tone away . „ 25 Tonga home Sep. 1 Worsley away „ 8 Leigh away „ 15 Worsley home The second eleven have also a good list of fixtures. EARLESTOWN CLUB. The season in connection with this club opens on Sat, urday the 28th inst., when the local club will encounte Radcliffe on the ground of the latter. The first eleve which will do duty this year has undergone no material change, although there has been a couple of secession from the eleven who represented the first fiddle last Bates has jobsed the Newtcn Club as professional and - coach, and Cable has returned to his home in the South , of England. The eleven is still a strong one, and though!. - ~) fixtures have been arranged with clubs of a better cad bre than formerly, it is confidently expected that the .. season will be a successful one. Some alterations have ' bee l made about the pavilion, the front of which with a certain space will be enclosed by a palisadlog, inside' which none but members will he permitted. The 101'.- lowing is a full list of the fixtures which have beet!' arranged for the first eleven : April 23 Radcliffe sway May 5 Le!gh home ' ~, 12 %Vest Derby away „ 14 Southport away „ 19 51onton home , 26 St. Helens home June 2 Comic Cricket match ~ , 9 Southport ~ „ 16 Liverpool home . „ 23 Chsetham home * .. 30 Prescot away -,-, July 7 Liandurtno away -, 14 St. Helens away Pt .. 21 Newton-le-Willows home „ 23 Liverpool away „ 28 Prescot Aug. 4 Newtoo-le-Willows away. „ 6 Thdeliff • house 11 West Derby home „ 13 Tonge away „ 25 0 heenana away Sept. 1 Monton away 8 Tonv, . „ 15 Leigh away The second team are also well provided for, and th, meet the second eleven of several of the clubs mention above.

b

MARKETS. RITNCOP.X, SATITRDAY.—Fresh butter Is 3d and Os Oil Per lb.; fresh eggs,l4 for is; fowl, 3s 6d to Os Od per couple; dt er 6s Od per con, le ; geese Os to tti per lb. ' • turls,eys tie bo Od per lb. • beef, 8d per lb.; mutton, 81d to Cs per IS.: por:c :Id to Bi,d per lb. ; lamb Od to Od per lb. ; veal Ocl to 9cl: per lb. ; potatoes, Ss Od to Os Od per load. Cheese 71c1 per lb. WIDNES, SATIJRDAY.—Fresh butter, Is 4d. and 03 Orl Yr 1b1; treshe:rgs,l2 for Is ; fowls, 3s Od to i,s per couple ; duets, Os Od to Os per couple ; geese, d per lb. ; beef, 'lid to 9d PI lb. ; mutton 4d to 61 per lb. ; pork, 9,1 to Od per lb. ; Ye'''. . Od to 'id per lb. ; lamb, 0,1 per lb. ;potatoes per load. 55 641' WARRINGTON MARKEr.—WEDNBSDAY, APRIL 18TIL FRUIT, iri-±;4l. TA i'LlI. lOITLII. Y, BUTCHERS', AND FISHMONGERS' TABLE. 8. d. s. 0. s. d. S. d- Beef, Eng., 15' it, 0 sito 0 9 Melons each ... 0 6 0 • Lamb per Qtir 12 0— 15 0 Oranges, each 0 0— 0 1 M,ittou „ - 0 10 Celery r stick 0 2 0 3 V,a: „ „ Porc „ „ 0 6—o 9 Arricots each 0 o_o 10 Pork sides „ cured 0 5-0 0 Caul,flowers ... 0 4 0 `;.' A Whale pigs„ so 8 9 9 2 ' ucurni.tr, each° 4 • -0 0 tieese „ - 0 1 I Cabbages each 0 2 0 1 Faw s 1.1 couple 4 6-0 0 Tomatoes ii, lb 0 0— 1 • Chb.icens Dui ks „ Ri.,Thits Ilitre.,. eacli ... 4 6 -0 0 Aspara,tus IP 10.0 0 0— 0 o Pivons „ I 0— 0 0 Potatoes '.l' load 3 0-4 0 Par 'idge brace 4 0— 0 0 New potatoes ~ o 0 - 0 Grouse „ Pheasanls -0 0 Green Peas r lbo 0— 0 6 BiTurkey ...... ... 0 10 0 0 Green .prouts it 0 3-0 t li. Butter, fresh o, 1 4-1 5 B ans, kidney it 0 2 0 ' Hen eggs 158c16 1 0— 0 0 Pomegonates...o 1— 0 0 Duck „ Apples In Onions „ Grapes ~0 0— 1 0 Fine new 6B o—_7o ao Pine Apple each 2 if— 3 0 ~g•)od -Fy ; Green;fitges', li,'., o—o 4 ~ medium 50 0 C erries ~ ...... 0 0— 0 0 Lol,ster 1.-,e iii , 1 2 V .. Stra ~. bcrries „ 0 0— 0 0 Turbot „ -0 1 • Dail-110UB „ „ 0 2 0 0 admon „ P.ums „ 0 0— 0 4 Whit ngs• Gooseberries,, 0 o—o 0 Fluk,s „ Rasp, erries „00 0 0 Eels „ „ -0 : Black Currants 0 0— 0 0 Soles „ „ Red currants 0 0— 0 0 Sparlings Marrows each 0 0-0 4 Codfish : „ 6 Se-t'-ale is :t 0 0— 0 0 Mic ierel each 0 0 -.0 ~ Rhubarb bch 0 s—o 0 Herring ):, dozen 1 o—o . T

09v Wazriugton.—Priuted and Published b,y Jonx V""'-I{-4re':lll at The Avor„iner Gouerll Printint Works, Ict Bfivdel;i94.P. alid Published also at The Krantire,r, Otiv•ri. V a°, iet 5,6. WIDNES; iligh,Fatrt%t, Ituyco,4l,. 32, V.r Het,ns i art,/ ' lz, Market-s, Siia,V"lt'""=.* 21,

,•.- ,-• • --,,,,,-,:47,4.'::::;.ip;.,',-.:".•*,,..:7__.::::_; .1,,,4,,T.L",.:::"..,,,:::',',,,4..,.,!4z.-.7•::::,,,:.,,•:,..,,.....-.,.._. ........._, ..„. .I.llJ'---:._. . ••••• - -

J _

I • 7,11

, ,

, , \ .._,..„?',..... ..,, ~ - . ,:';:-.-,;,....,. ';,,;:1,:, ~j,-;-::::-. '.--:1c:. .-,.-4.,.,-. ,i.,..-'-:::,. , , , -,. .....,•:„..,,,,,.. -,...,1.::7:'...::.:.7.1.---:-'li,--'.=

===== 0002601_18940421_art0174.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. HELENS T. STOCKPORT.

At S. Helens, on Thursday evening, before 2,000 spectators. The game was fairly even in the first half, Chorlton and King scoring tries for Stockport, which Saville convert9d, and Sudlow gained an unimpnlved try for St. Helens. The home team played brillian'Ay in the second half, and tries were scored by Appleton, Berry and Sudlow (two), none of which were converted. St. Helens won by five tries (15 points) to two goals (10 points).

===== 0002601_18940421_art0175.txt | included=true | included =====
A LIBERAL CANDIDATE FOR Sr. BELEM.

Mr. William Woods, J.P., ex-Mayor of Wigan, has de- finitely declined the invitation of the St. Helens Liberal Association to contest St. Helens in opposition to Mr. Henry Seton-Karr at the next election. At a largely at- tended meeting of the Executive Committee of the St. Helens Liberal Association on Tuesday night, the ques- tion of a Liberal candidate for the borough was con- sideredi and it was unanimously decided to recommend the association to invite C.uncdlor John Forster, J.P., chairman of the Executive Committee of the association to contest the borough at the next election.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0176.txt | included=true | included =====
MAY DAY PROCESSION ABANDONED.

The Borough Surveyor (Mr. Broom) reported to the Horses Committee of the St. Miens Corporation on Wed- nesday that he had prepared a report on the question of a May Day demonstration. The harness decorations cost the C ,rporation about £2O, and the cost of extra horses, loss of work, and disorganisation generally amounted to between £BO and £lOO. He suggested that instead of a turnout they should give the men a supper. The Chairman said there had been a strong feeling ex- pressed that it was only right that the public should see a full turnout of the Corporation horses, and let them see they had as fine a set of horses as any in Lan- epshire,—The surveyor's suggestion of a supper was adopted.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0177.txt | included=true | included =====
PROPOSED PICTURE EZEIBITION.

At the monthly meeting of the Parks Committee of the St. Helens Corporation on Wednesday, Councillor Mar- tin presiding, Mr. A. Lancaster, curator of the Victoria Park Museum, reported that he had communicated with Messrs. Cassell and Co., Art publishers, of London, with a view to their lending for a given period during the summer a number of their original black and white drawings, engravings, &c., for a free exhibition at the Museum. Messrs. Cassell had replied that they would not be able to supply any original picturßs until about the third week in June. But at that time they wou!d be happy to send some pictures. The Chairman said the only expenses would be railway carriage.—On the notion of M. Urmson, seconded by Mr. Burchall, it was decided to accept the offer of Messrs. Cassell.

THE INFECTIOUS DISEASES ACT.

At St. Helens Police Court, on Saturday,before Coun- cillor J. B. Leach, Dr. Robertson, assistant medical officer of health, made an application, under section 10 of the Infectious Diseases Prevention Act, for an order authorising the removal of the dead body of a man to the mortuary. The body was that of George Marsh, who had died on Thursday night from typhoid fever at his house in Cook's-fold, Windle City. At the house there was one room downstairs and two upstairs. The body lay in the room on the ground floor where the in- mates were living, and where all the cooking was going on. The consequence was that there was a danger of the infections spreading. He asked for the body to be removed to the mortuary and buried that day.—Coun- cillor Leach asked if it was necessary to bury on Mon- day, and the doctor replied in the negative.—The Clerk (Mr. Brewis) : You must allow the relatives of the de- ceased an opportunity of burying the body if they wish, arid Monday is rather short time.—lnspector Walter Coates corroborated the doctor's statement, and the order was granted.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0178.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOCKING SUICIDE.

James Birch, sixty-three years of age, formerly a pig butcher, living alone at Wiedle-cottages, St. Helens, committed suicide on Monday. He had evidently cut his throat, and, feeling his weakness, had crawled to a sofa about five yards away and lain down upon it, and in that position he was found dead. He had not been seen since one o'clock on Sunday. A razor covered with blood was found on the table near. Police-sergeant Smith,. of Rainford, was called to the house, and he took possession of the razor. The deceased was a married man, but lived apart from his wife. A woman who goes to clean for him first made the discovery on Monday morning.—Mr. Brighouse, coroner, held an inquest at the Windleshaw Abbey Inn, St. Helens, on Wednesday, on the body of the deceased.— Thomas Birch, son of deceased, gave evidence of identi- fication. Ho last saw his father alive on Saturday, the 7th. He then appeared to be rambling, and was crying. and said he was a bit upset. He did not say anything more. His wife had not lived with him since Christmas and he had Neen living in the house alone.—The foreman of the jury said he saw the deceased a week previous, and he seemed all right then, with the exception of being a little depressed.—Mrs. Margaret Birch gave evidence as to finding Mr. Birch dead. He was in a sitting position on the sofa. She saw him on Friday night, and he then said he was quite a lunatic and did not know what he was doing. He left work a fortnight ago, and had been "drinking awful since."—bergeant Smith said he got information of the occurrence on Monday, and arrived at the house silently before one o'clock. The body did not appear to have been dis- turbed. On examining the body he found a wound in the throat about three inches across and very deep, apparently severing the windpipe. On going into the pantry, about five yards from where the body was, he • found a raz->r (produced) covered with blood. About a , fo. t from where the razor was lying there was a wash- ing mug with a large quantity of blood in it. The blood was clotted, and had been in some time. Witness saw Birch two or three times last week, and he was appar- ently drinking heavily.—The Foreman said they were of the opinion that he had feloniously killed himself and that there was not sufficient evidence to show that he was of unsound mind. That, the coroner said, was a verdict of Fete de se. -

===== 0002601_18940421_art0179.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION MATCHES.

-- SEMI FINAL OF THE WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT CHALLENGE CUP.

WARRINGTON v. BARNTON ROVERS.—On Saturday, Barnton Rovers met Warrington at Dalton Bank. After some pretty even play, Bunton scored from a bully,and playing in a most determined fashion, brought half-time with the score unaltered. On restarting Warrington played up with spirit, and Norman shooting across the goal Mather breasted the ball through. Connor, after a grand run up the left, banged the leather through in splendid style. Barnton, not to be outdone, pressed for- ward, and Mather being slightly out of place the ball was shot through. A draw seemed practically certain when Connor, after another brilliant run, put on the winning goal, the game ended—Warrington, throe goals; Barnton, two. ST. ELPHIN'S T. Si'. HaLaria.—This match was played on the Cricket Ground, at Arpley, on Saturday. The game was of a rather interesting character, the I, eleven playing weakly, but at times the St. elens men showed excellent form. The final result was—St. Helens, two goals ; St. Elphin's, nil.

local

SHOCKINU ACCIDENT AT A ST. HELENS POTTERY.

Luke Houghton, a boy 13 years of age. and an apprentice, was killed on Thursday morning in the pottery of the St. Helens Brick Company. He was swing- ing on a belt when he was carried round a pulley and shafting to which it was attached, his head knocking against the ceiling at every revolution. His leg was alsi . twisted off in the drum. Death ensued half an hour after being released.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0180.txt | included=true | included =====
ANARCHISTS IN LONDON.

It is stated that Pohl, the Italian arrested on Saturday on the charge of being in unlawful possession of explo- sives, has given orders in London for several" infernal machines." On Tuesday the police ascertained that. a man believed to be Carnot, the comrade of Polti, had instructed an ironfounder in Lancaster-road to make a shell for the reception of explosives. Two detectives went to the works and found that the shell had been manufactured, and they removed it to Scotlaud Yard, where experts expressed the opinion that it vem tatedadact for an unlawful use.

===== 0002601_18940421_art0181.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ST. HELENS.

===== 0002601_18940421_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
-"J WONDERFUL WATCH." OS. A thoroughly reliable all HAND-MADE SILVER ENGLISH PATENT LEVER WATCH, capped. jewelled. and Stied with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE, HEAVY SOLID lIISTER HALL-MARKED CAF'. well thlished, and speci- ality adapted to fit flat in the pocket. "FOE FIFTY Sll ILL- rims." This watch is timed ton minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION I A Bona fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Yetrs given with each watch ?his Watch can be had in ALT, SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price. To be obtained only from E. & A. EITSTANCE. watchmakers. THE ILLUMINATED OLOCK, 43, Sankey-street. Watringtnn. N.B.—Sent post-free to all pats of the United Kingdom on receipt of P. 0.0.

PUBLIC HALL, RUNCORN.--MONDAY APRIL 23, 1894.—Grand Performance of the POPULAR IISTORICAL CANTATA MAGNA CIIARTA, Will be given by a Band and Chorus of 180. Pianoforte—Mr. W. COOK. Conductor—Mr. J. HOLFORD. L.T.S.C. The certificates of the Tonic Sol-Fa College gained during the Ses:ion, will be distributed by TILZBY, Esq.. G.T.S C. Chsirman of the Manchester and District Tonic Sol-Fa Colwell, ADMISSION—Front Seats, is ; Second Seats, 6d. ; Re- aeeved Seats (numbered) Is. 6d. Doors open at 7. Commence at 7-45.

WARRINGTON GYMNASIUM, PALMYRA SQU IRB. A GYMNASTIC ENTERTAINMENT By the Girls' Class, on THUR3DAY. April 26. 1894. THOS. MORRIS, Beg., F.G.S., in the chair. PROG RA M ME: Dumbells, Barbells, Clubs Row or Rings, Dumbell,Gather- laK. Jumping. Tug of War, Vaulting Horse, Maze. Doors open? o'clock. Commence at 7.30 p.m. ADMISSION—AduIts, 6d. ; Children, 3d.

WYCLIFFE CHURCH, BEWSEY STREET, WARRI N 0 TON. APRIL 29T11, 1894. SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY. PREACHER—THE REV. J. A. MITCHELL, 8.A., OF ST. HELENS. Services at 10-30 anzl 6-30. COLLECTIONS AT BOTH SERVICES.

THE CROWNING OF THE MAY QUEEN Will taki piece ON THE RECREATION GROUND, COLBORNE, On SATURDAY, MAY sth, 1b94. A. GRAND PROCESSION of over 1200, children represent- lag dieb-rent Nations Trades. and Char ,cters, will leave the above grounds at 2-30 and parade the principal streets. THE QUEEN WILL BE CROWNED AT 4-30 P.M. The Maypole Dance. The Gipsy Dance, The Floral Dance, The Great U Po Bo Dane. New Dances, New Costumest, and new Chsraeters. SPECIAL ENGAGEMENT OF LULA, the Great Lady _allYmnast, in her starting performances on the Japanese pole Ilack Rope, High Trapese. Descent of Mercu, y, &c. Four Bands in attendance and will play for (I-toeing until dask.—Mr. HOLDEN'S "Worlds Fair" will he held on the ground. Tea and Refreshments provided on the Ground, at reason- able prices, by Mr. TAYLOR, Wheat Sheatt Hotel, Standish. Special trains from Wigan and Warrington, calling at latermediate stations. , ADMIt-TSION to the ground ed. ; Grand Stand 6(1. extra; V ehicles by Caur eer's Court, entrance is. each. See posters for further partieuhirs. JOSEPH SANKEY, Secretary.

WEDDING RINGS.-PURE: GUINEA GOLD 22-CARA.T WEDDING RINGS. Largest Stock and bed value in the town or di,trict. Sold by weight from IC 6d. to 50s. All sizes and shapes. ißcluding the Round and 'Lail-Round alweys in stock. A handsome present given to purchaser. Finger size cards post free. B. AND A. EUSTANCE, Tay. ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, SANKEY-STREET. WA.RRINGTON. N.B.—Strictly Private Room for fitting. ESTABLISII D, INC

WARRINGTON CO-OPERATIVE HALL, CAIRO-STREET. SATURDAY APRIL, 21ST, 18941 7-30 p.m. LITERARY S.; -DRAMATIC RECITAL BY MISS FLORENCE. BOURNE, of I 0,,,ft,n) AND GRAND PIANOFORTE RECITAL BY 4 • MDLLE SZUMOWSSA. PROGRAMME: ?I&NOPORTE 50L0... SONATA, E Flat. Major...Beethocen MDLLE. SZUMOWSKA. a The Legend of Chertsey...Cliford Harrison lIRCITALS -/'l).. The Lost Joy .olire Schreiner c. The Bob o' Link Anon MISS FLORENCE BOURNE. la. Impromptu Chopin IbIikSOFORTH SOLI bc: rouetl,eirne Chopig Chopin d. Scherzo Chopin MDLLE. SZUMOW SRA. lie TA.Ls l 'itorneyw e:uAsre,rance F. Anstey b. American MISS FLORENCE BOURNE. ( a. Nocturne Paderewski lANOFORTE SOLI b. Fileuse Wagner-Liszt (C. Vale Strauss-Tausig MDLLE. SZUMOWSKA. a. Rizpah Tennyson 1411CITALS b. What My Lover -al.& c. My Brother Geo- ge's Tragedy Turner MISS FLORENCE BOURNE. ile3erved Seats 3s. ard 25. Urreserved Seats Is. and 6d. Plea itobtet ot Reserved Seats &a., from MR. R. H. PEARSON'S, IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT. EYESIGHT! MR. F. NEUBERT, (l'eGßlNenbert and Co., Consulting Optician, Southport). ATTENDS at No. 3., SANKEY-STREET, every WEDNESDAY from 2 p.m. to 8 p.m. to supply CORRECTLY ADAPTED SPECTACLES at MODERATE PRICES. Mr. /SHUBERT has Ind considerable experience in this important Business and will GIVE ADVICE on 'matter relating to DEFECTIVE VISION and Will TEST the SIGHT FREE OF CHARGE. SPECTACLES AND FOLDERS, FROM 2/6 PER PAIR. Rzad F. NEUBERT'S book on Eyesight, Gratis.

ITHE MANATOLA BLEND CEYLON TEA 22. PER LB. SOLD in lb. Packets, 6d, each W. 11. H URST. , 28, MARKET-STREET, • WARRINGTON. •T I, 0M A S i i IV UODELL. , . , ESTATE AGENT, ',.: ' 1. MILL-ST., MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON. Rents collected in Town or Country. ...; : agent to Royal and Liverpool and London and Globe ..:',. .. ------________ Insurance companies. - JoILI RAGHANT AND REFRESHING TEA . t4T„h_nol_e_ who realise tlAt good TEA is cheap tea are advised ~ b, 1"1d tor a parcel of the splei.did black tea now being sold 41,,e CITY OM LONDON TEA COMPANY at ONE bIIIL- ,. and SIXPIiNCE A POUND, Undoubtedly the beet rttZrne ever known. San ,faction guaranteed or the money foe 285 ed, .• 6 Pounds, t arriage free 95., 7lbs for 10s. 6d., 201bs. c• .u. In bulk or packets. ITT OF LONDON TEA COMPANY. 1. 2. and 3. Beer-lane. Great Tower-st., London, B.C.

lIUSSEY'S LADIES' SHIRTS AND BLOUSES. ARE THE CHEAPEST AND MOST STYLISH IN ENGLAND. FANCY LACE SCARFS, BOWS, TIES, FRILLINGS, FALL NETS, PHOTO-FRAMES, ART POTTERY, FOREIGN FANCIES, &c. SPECIALLY INEXPENSIVE JEWELLERY. 116, BOLD STREET. LIVERPOOL.

QUEEN'S HOTEL, (late Nag's Head), WARRINGTON. DINNERS. LUNCHEONS AND TEAS. LAUREN CE FLOOD. PROPRIETOR.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 To 40, LUDGATE HILL. LIOMB COMPORTS. CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. Central for business or pleasure.

QOUTHPORT.— SUNNYSIDE HYDRO.—Physician LJ Dr. BARNARDO. Summer and Winter Residence. one of the handsomest buildings in Fouthrort, centrally situated, replete with every comfort, fine Sea View ; near Parks. Pie-s, Trams, and Golf Links ; Turkish, Vapour, and other Baths; Massage. Galvanism.—Terms moderate.—Proprietor, J. Boococx.

LAM BERT'S FAMILY AND COMMERCIAL HOTEL, High-street, Holywell.—A few minutes' walk from the celebrated St. Winefrile's Well ; sole right of meeting (with omnibuses or other conveyances) all trains ; three miles drive through a beautiful country to the celeb- rated Pantaeaph Monastery and Convent; interesting walk by Stations of the Cross to Calvary.—T. A. LAMBERT, pro- prietor.

TO VISITORS TO LIVERPOOL. HUGri ES'S TEMPERANCE COMMERCIAL HOTEL, 18, 51413 HAY ARKET (one door from St. John's Lane). LIVERPOOL. Close to Lime-st.. Tithebarn-st., and Central Stations. First-class Bed and Sitting-room accommodation. CHARGES (ineluding attendance) is. 6d. to 2s. er night. BREAKFASTS, DINNERS. TEAS. at moderate Prices.—PARTIES CATERED FOR.

GOLD SPECTACLES & EYEGLASSES FROM 15s. 6d. All Repairs done on the Premises. G. AND N. STOKES, 10, CHURCH-LANE, LIVERPOOL, By St. Peter's Church. TEN YEARS WORKMAN TO WOOD late ABRAHAMS.

pp UPTURES. - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. _LC T. EGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure of Rupture; registered; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works. 7 &9. Grosvenor-street, Lon- don-road. Manchester.

MASSAGE TAUGHT in Manchester; terms Li is. fora course of six lesgons.—Aloply Miss GREENFIELD, Horne for Hospital-trained Nurses and Paying Patients. Stamford-road. Bowdon.

FOUND on April 11th, a small PET DOG, Black and Tan with white feet, with a slight scar on the back. It not owned in three days will be sokl.—Apply at No. 10, Chorley-street, Warrington.

THE RUNCORN. WESTON AND HALTON WATER- WORKS COMPANY. NOTICE is HEREBY GIVEN that an Extra- orciitiary GENERAL MEETING of the SHARE- HOLDERS of Runcorn. Weston and Halton Waterworks C mpany WILL BE HELD in the Company's Offices in the PUBLIC HALL, RUNCORN. on MONDAY, the 7th day of MAY, 1894, at THREE O'cr.ocx in the afternoon for the pur- pose if declaring a dividend for the Quarter ended the 30th diy of S ptember, 1893, passing the accounts on the winding up of the Company and determining the amount to te paid to the officers if the Company under Section 11 sub-Section 3 of The Runcorn Commissioner's Act, 1893, and in what pro- portions. Dated this 19th day of April, 1894. (Signed) JOHN BRUNDRIT, Chairman of Directors. (Signed) WILLIAM F. SALKELD, Secretary,

NEWTON IMPROVEMENT COMMISSIONERS AND LOCAL BOARD OF HEALTH. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Newton in Mackerfleld Improverrent Commivioners will by virtue of the Newton District Improvement Act 1855. and Public Health Act, 1875, hold a MEETING at their Offices, TOWN HALL, EARLESTOWN, on MONDAY, the 30th day of APRIL NEXT, at 4 o'clock in the afternoon, and that at Foch meeting they will make a HIGHWAY and SEWER RATE, a GENERAL IMPROVEMENT or DISTRICT RATE, and WATER RATES for the District and Sub-Districts, and NOTICE IS ALSO GIVEN that a Stattment of the Proposed Rates is deposited (and will lie in the meantime) at their said Offices for inspection by the Ratepayers. Dated the 18th day of April. 1894, BRIERLEY, C.R., Clerk to the Commissioners.

Q/ REVOLUTION ,IN THE / WATCH TRADE. T. B. CARD WELL, PRACTICAL WATCIIMAKER, 105. DALE-STREET, LIVERPOOL, Offers to the Public and especially to Mechanics, a thorough English SILVER LEVER WATCH, reliable in works and nem-ate in time, at a cost of 35a. Many persons will loe surprised that a genuine English Lever can he made for the price, but T. B. CARDWELL has succeeded in producing an English Lever 355. Watch not interior to those sold elsewhere for £5. The 355. ENGLISH SILVER LEVER WATCH, Jewell, d in Seven Actions, guaranteed for Five years, can be had at CARDWELL'S 105, DALE-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Next Door to Central Police Station. Hall-marked 18-carat Gold English Keyless Lever Watches, from £7 10s. REPAIRS PROMPT AND RELIABLE.

R. CLAMP ts,-;' SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING RESQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16s. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 245. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9s. 6d. 39 AND 41 DALE STREET, AND 81 PARKER STREET, LIVERPOOL.

THETIL-C. JORDAN AND SON, OLD ESTAB- LISHED SUR4EON DENTISTS. 80, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. A COMPLE E SET. 159. Single Tooth 28.; Stopping with Enamel, 28.; ditto Gold, 5. Five years' warranty. Highly recommended by C. JORDAN, L.D.S., Royal College of Surgeons. Made in a few hours without extracting old teeth or stumps. Dr. NEViLLE says:—! can with every confidence recom- mend them. From the Rev. FATHER NUGENT : • To Messrs C. Jordan and Son. Dear Sirs,—Having had occasion to consu't you several times during the past few years. allow me to bear testimony to the highly professional, skilful, and humane treatment I have received from yost as a dentist and to assure you that you have always given me entire satisfaction.—l remain, dear Sirs, yours fisithfully, J. P. NUGENT. From the Rev. JAMES KELLY, M.A. : Dear Sir,—l have much pleasure in testifying to your professional carefulness and skill as a dentist, of which I have had experience for now many years.—Believe me. yours faithfully, JAMES KELLY. M.A.' Incumbent of St George's Church, Castle-street, Liverpool. Specimens may be seen. Consultat ons Free, 10 to 7. 80, BOLD-STREET (few doors above Slater-street) Liverpool.

TAT IRE NETTING, STAPLES, GARDEN TOOLS. CUT, WROUGHT, WIRE, AND COPPER NAILS. Bolts and Nuts, Washers, Set Screws, Bce. W. AND J. ELLISON, GENERAL IRONMONGERS, 55, PARADISE-ST., LIVERPOOL. Telephone, No. 1,735.

yA C TS ' AND BOATS' IRONMONGERY. Rf,wlocks, Binnacle Rings, Lamps and Fittings. Con- necting Links, Ch- ins, Eyelets and Thimbles, Copper and Iron Nails and T. cks. and every Description of Shipping Tackle. W. and J. ELLISON, 55, PARADISE-STREET, Liverpool. Telephone, 1,735.

A CYCLIST'S COMPLETE OUTFIT Li FOR 6D. OR THE SUIT 128.6 d. Can be had only of RENOCHSBERG & -JEWS, ISLINGTON, LIVERPOOL. Consisting of— WEAR-RESISTING BLUE INDIGO SERGE SUIT, 12s. 6d. CALF LEATHER SHOES, RIBBED WORSTED STOCKINGS, FLANNELETTE SHIRT, CLUB BELT, TIE AND CAP TO MATCH SUIT. THIS COMPLETE OUTFIT FOR £1 is. 6d., OR THE SUIT l2s. 6d. CAN BE HAD ONLY AT THE NEW DEPARTMENT FOR CYCLING AND ATHLETIC OUTFITS, AT HENOCHSBERG & ELLIS'S NEW PREMISES. 12, 14, 14s, AND 16, ISLINGTON, LIVERPOOL. N.B.—A choice Stock of all Classes of Garments, suitable for Cycling, 'los' ing, Golfing, Cricketing. &c., at 25 per Cent. Less 'ian others charge.

VIOLINS, VIOLONCELLOS, MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIREIR (Pupil of G. A. Chanot). Strings, Bows, Cases, ere., of Finest Quality. ARTISTIC REPAIRING IN ALL ITS BRANCHES AT 37, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

T 0 BAKERS AND CONFECTIONERS. GREAT REDUCTION in the Price of TINS and all UTENSILS in the TRADE. Troughs, Seth's. and Weights; Blowers. Chaffers, ard Pipes; Si rainers, Trucks, Rid lles, and Sieves, Peels, and Roth ; Dockers, Scrapers, Berm Cans, Flour Scoopes, Knives, Gres se Brushes. Bakehouses and Shops fitted upwith every Utensil in the Tr de. Large Stock. Price Liston application at M. L 0 W E S. Bakers' and Confec'ioners' Tool and Utensil Manufacturer. 24, PRESCOT-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

SCALE S, WEIG TITS, AND WEIGHING MACHINES. CHEAPEST PLACE IN TOWN. SCALES for Butchers, Bakers, Confectioners, Grocers, Provision De.alers, Greengrocers, Fruiterers, Tol2acconists, Fishmongers, C )al Dealers. ac. All stamped. To be sold at less than Cost Price. M. LOWE'S BAKERS' AND CONFECTIONERS' TOOL AND UTENSIL M A NUFACITURER, 24. PRESCOT-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

CHIMNEY TOPS! CHIMNEY TOPS. Large Stock always on hand of Wind Guards. Cavity Heads, Cowl and Spiked Tops, Iron Paint Cans. Painters and Builders special-made Ga;vanised Buckets, Paint Strain- ers, :Knotting Bo•ties, &c. All kinds of Sheet Metal Work done at a Grert Beductton in Price. AT M. LOWE, PAINTERS & BUILDERS' TINMAN, &C., 24. PRESCOT-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

NOTICE TO JOINERS, CARPENTERS, PLUMBERS, HOUSEHOLDERS AND OTHERS. TOOLS (forfeited Pledges).—FOß SALE all kinds of TOOLS, in large or small quantities. HUGHES 8it05., Pawnbrokers, Jewellers Clothiers, Tool Factors, and General Dealers, 111 AND 120. lIROWNLOW HILL, LIVERPOOL. SMALL MACHINERY AND SECOND-HAND TOOLS. BOUGHT BY HUGHES BROS., 116, BROWNLOW HILL. LIVERPOOL. Telephone 5171.

WM. SOMERNILLE AND SONS. JOINERS; CABINET MAKERS AND UPHOLSTERERS. WORKS: 83, 13A.CK PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER. Makers of every descripticn of WINDOW BLINDS. Charges mo !erate. Repairs promptly executed. ESTABLISHED 25 YEARS.

IT IS A FACT THAT JONES'S THE NOTED CASH DRAPERS, 59, 61, & 63, BRUNSWICK ROAD, LIVERPOOL. ARE OFFERING THIS WEEK THE FOLLOW- ING BARGAINS, 2,000 PAIRS DENTS' POUR FASTENER KID GLOVES, 1/91 PER PAIR. --.„ 100 DOZHN LADIES' SILVER MOUNTED SILK UMBRELLAS, 2/11, '3/11, 4/11. 2,000 BEAUTIFUL DELAINETTE FULL DRESS • LENGTHS, EIGHT YARDS, PM 2/6, 2/11• 20 DOZEN LAIDIE6' 1-nw PRINT MOUSES, LIGHT OR DARK PATTERNS 1/0)2., 1/61, 1/11L 100 DOZEN LADIES' BLACK CASHMERE HOSE, FULL FASHIONED, q 1.029 1/01-, 1/21. 200 DOZEN LADIES' BLACK CASHMERE JERSEYS, Inn 2/6, 2/11. SPECIAL. ANY OF THE ABOVE LINES SENT POST FREE ON RECEIPT OF ORDER, MONEY RETURNED IF NOT APPROVED. JONES'S BEE HIVE, 59, 61,, & 63, LIVERPOOL. BRUNSvricK ROAD,

HALL'S MY HATTER. NEW SHAPES, IN EW STYLES, AT LOWEST PRICES FOR THE SPRING. HATS AND CAPS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION Can be obtained at HALL'S NOTED HAT SHOP, 1. MARKET GATE: WARRINGTON.

-13 EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. THE FIRST TWO PILLS TO2K THE PAIN AWAY. ----,-t- EADE'S pILLS. 2, College Park Villas, Kensal Greo, LondOn, W., May, 1891. EADE'S pILLS. Dear Sir.—l feel it my duty to tell you I had Rheumatic Gout EADE'S pILLS. once, and had to stop at home for three weeks. I cannot describe the pain I suffered. I read your Advertisement, and looked upon it as all others. A brother signalman said, " Try them.' I did so. , THE FIRST TWO PILLS TOOK TilE PAIN AWAY In a few hours, and I was able to resume my work. No one need be frightened to take them. I have recommended them GOUT tO all v.hom I have heard complaining of Rheumatism. RHEUMATISM Gout, Lumbago, Neuralgia, &c., I hope no one will doubt GOUT my statement.—Yours sincerely, RHEUMATISM JAMES PETTENGALL. Mr. G. Bade. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. Prepared only by George Ea,le. 72, GOSWELL-ROAD, LONDON, E.C. ; and Sold by all Chemists in Bottles, is. lid. and 2s. 9d. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS.

THE BEST MEDICINE FOR BILE, THE BEST MEDICINE FOR WIND, THE BEST MEDICINE FOR INDIGESTION, IS EADE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. They quickly remove the irritation and feverish state of the STOMACH, correct the morbid condition of the LIVER. relieve the system of all impurities, which, by circulating in the blood, injuritaugly affect the action of the KIDNEYS. and, by removing the causes af so much discomfort restore the vital energies of body and mind. -- EADE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. Sold by all Chemists in Boxes, is. lid. and 2s. 9d. or mailed Free on receipt of remittance by GEORGE BADE, 72, GOSWELL-ROAD, LONDON, B.C. -- EADE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE, LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT COMPANY, LIMITED. Head Office: 168, ISLINGTON. LIVERPOOL. LOANS from £5 to £l,OOO on personator other security. £l5, Repayable 6s. Weekly, Eutire Charge £1 2s. 3d. £5O, „ 20s. „ Of £3 93. Oct. £lOO, „ 40s. „ £6 168. Od. Aida. GORDON, Manager.

RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO. INSURES AGAINST RAILWAY ACCIDENTS, ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS. EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY. CAPITAL £1.000,000. FSTABLISU ED 1849. COMPENSATION PAID £3,350,000. 64, Cornbill, Lordon. W. D. MASSY,}Secretaries A. VIAN, AGENTS Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate. Mr. W. I. RIGBEY, Central Station. St. lielens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street. Knutsford Mr. ALFRED E. CUTTER. Sandbach Mr. It. FINLOW, Rookery Bridge.

GRATEFUL EPPS' S COMFORTING. BREAKFAST, SUPPER. COCOA BOILING WATER OR MILE

MORRIS'S TOLU AND HONEY. The only Cure for Colds, Coughs, Bronchitis, ecc. FACTS. 4 MORRIS'S TIC-CURE PILLS The only Cure for NEURALGIA, TIC, AND TOOTHACHE. MORRIS. CHEMIST: ALEXANDRA ROAD, MANCHESTER, and all Dealers.

DAY. SON, AND HEWITT'S "ORIGINAL" AND .CELEBRATED LAMBING AND CALVING REMEDIES. THE CHEMICAL EXTRACT. Far Anointing after Calving and Lambing. For Straining an Preventing Gangrene. For all Sores, Wounds, and Swollen Udders. For Sore Throats, Strains, and Rheumatism. Price 28.6 d., 3s. 6d.. and 7s er B THE RED DRENCH. For Cleaning after Lambing and Calving. For Hile-boun i, Red Water, and Yellows, For Chills, Fevers, and loss of Cud. For Prey, nting Milk Fevers an, Quarter 111. Price 3s. 6d. per doz. (Ewes); 133. per doz. (Cows). THE GASEOUS FLUID. Cures General Debility in Stook. Cores Low Condi' ion. and Hoven or Blown Cures S our, or Diar•hcea. and Colic, sr Gripes. Cures Coughs, Colds, and Loss of Appetite. Price is. 9d. per bottle; 20s.p-r doz n. THE GASEODYNE. Used as Laud inum for DeVening Pain. For Severe Diarrhcea an-t Influenza. For Paining in Bad Lambing and Calving. For Infl mmatory Colic and Lung Disorders. Price 3s. 6d. per bottle. SPECIAL LAMBING AND CALVING CHESTS, with "KEY TO FARRIERY," complete. V 3s, and £1 103. carriage paid, PAMPHLET ON LAMB- AND CALVING DISORDERS, by Mr. T. G. Hewitt, 16,R.C.V.5„ London, (iratiS and post free. ROYAL ANIMAL MiMiCINE MANUFACTORY. 22, DORSET-STREET, LONDON, W.

IL W. MARSH, DECEASED. FURNITURE. GREAT CLEARANCE SALE OF LARGE AND VALUABLE STOCK. Must be CLEARED at once, GREAT REDUCTIONS for CAS H. 164, & 166, BRIDGE FOOT. WARRINGTON.

A PENNY SAVED IS A PENNY MADE. How to save money. Waste not, want not. Don't furnish on the hire system, with its extravagant high price", arbitrary agreements, and despotic restrictions. For instance, suppose A furnishes for £I.QO on the hire system with B and pays B £99 in instalments, but neglects to pay B the last instalment in time, the agreement gives B the power to forcibly retake possession of the furniture, but the whole of the £93 paid is then t orfeited to B, consequently B gets both money and goods. In aVition to the alyfve disadvantages the price charged is exhorbitant, often 200 and 30 Tact- cent more than for cash at a proper establishment. It is high time this system was de lend illegal. Be it known that at Worsley's " The antheon," Gaythorn, Manchester, high-class New and Second hand Furniture may be had at the exact advertised marked cash price, no less under any circumstances. Also. that. in cases where it is inconvenient to pay fh whole of the money down, Worsley's are prepared to assist purchasers be allowing the account to be I aid at convenient intervals, charging only a small percentage for the privilege. By this means the purchaser knows exactly wh t he is charged for the goods and escapes all fear and trembling as to the loss of his furniture i he happens to miss a payment. W rsley's have on view complete Houses of Furniture for £l5, £2O, £25. £32 10s., and £45 tm to £l,OOO, full particulars of nhich are supplied on application post free. "The Pantheon "is packed from floor to ceiling with countless bargains in Dining, Draw- ing, hitting, pnd Bedroom Furniture, Office and Library Furniture, by Lamb, Gillows, Ogrfen, Garnett, &c. Read the following sample bargains r—lligh•class Second-hand Dining- room Furniture. consisting of a massive suite of nine pieces, six heavy carved single chairs, large comfos table couch, and a pair a luxurious upholstered easy chairs, by Henry Ogden and Sons ; cost £75; price for quick sale, £25. Equal to New. The Sideboard to match is by Maple, beautifully carved ; cost £120; for £2O. Dining Table and Overmantel to match, for £lO —W. H. WORSLBY, " The Pantheon," Gaythorn, Man- chester.—See also advertisement on 4th page.

SPECULATION. Telephone No. 35,284. A. WICKS, 110, STRAND. LONDON. Business transacted on all races during the year. NO LIMIT. Pull market prices ou future events. Terms forwarded free on receipt of address. Registered. Telegraphic Address: "Entertainment. London."

THOS. CLARK, "EXAMINER" OFFICE, 33, MARKET-STREET, EARLESTOWN. A good selection of Reward Books, Albums, Ladies' Bags, and General Stationery, can always be had at the above address. Newspapers and Periodicals delivered in the Neighbourhood.

FARMERS' STORES, WARRINGTON. BUTCHERS' SHOP. Country-fed Beef, Mutton, Pork, Veal, Lamb, &c, of the Best Quality, at the Lowest Prices. Deliveries in the Country. FRUIT SHOP. Fresh Supplies of Flowers, Fruit and Vegetables Daily. Wreaths, Bouquets, &c., made up on short notice. All Orders receive Prompt Attention'.

TANNERS' LANE COAL WHARF, WARRI NGTON, THE PEARSON AND IiNOWLES COAL AND IRON COMPANY, LIMITED, INCE HALL COLLIERIES, NEAR WIGAN. LOCAL MANAGER, ALFRED PERRIS. All kinds of House Coal, Nuts, Burgy, and Engine Fuel kept in stock. Wagons sent to any Railway Station, House orders promptly attended to. N.B.—Orders received also at las, Sankey-st.

HEMBRY & CO. have amongst their Stock • of LINOLEUM about a Dozen Good Designs (and a, fair quantity of each pattern) all of which were printed be- fore th- Jubilee Year. To those who understand the value of seasoning with regard to Linoleum it will be unnecessary to point out the increased worth of the material, nor to say than an opportunity of ob- taining Linoleum so well matured very rarely occurs. 73. II EMBRY & CO., will submit PRICES and PATTERNS on application. HEMBRY & CO., 43, and 47, CROSS-STREET, 13. ALBERT-SQUARE. Telephone No. 537.

T G. PATERSON, • l• FLUSHING, HOLLAND. CITY AND SUBURBAN JUBILEE STAKES. DERBY. &c. The TURF REGIST It, published twice daily, is forwarded pest free on receipt of address. Doubie and Tzeble Events on all Principal Races.

HARDAWAY AND TOPrING. (late BOULOGNE-SUR-MR), Only Address, FLUSHING, HOLLAND, Postage 2d. Price list publish.ci twice daily. containing latest market movements, forwarded free on receipt of post- card containing address. NO REPRESENTATIVES AT RACE MEETINGS.

ESTABLISHED 1861. JAMES WEW,TER. MIDDLEBURG, HOLLAND. (Late of Calais and Bc ulogne-Sur-Mer, France.) BankPrs :—England—London and Westminster Bank, Lon- don. Scotland—Bank of Scotland, Glasgow. Ireland—Bank of Ireland, Dublin. Chester Cup. Kempton Park Jubilee Stakes. 2,000 Guineas, Derby, a. —Double and Treble Events. Starting Prices on all Races. No S. P. Limit on the Principal Races. Accumulative Commissions. "The Turf Chronicle," Free en receipt of address.

THE OLD RELIABLE FIRM. L. AlooßE .& Co. (Late of Exeter), SUTTON, SURREY. Established 19 Years. City and Suburban Derby. &e. Double and Treble Events. S. P Corns :Daily. Moore's Turf Chronicle, Published Daily, Fotwarded Post Frei.. No Representa.iyes Note Change of Address :—SUTTON. SURREY.

EXTRAORDINARY PURCHASE. SEE THE LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S KID GAUNTLET GLOVES AT 1/01; USUAL PRICE 2/11 AND 3/119 HENRY MILES 255, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL, Is pleased to announce this Large and Important Purchase of High-Class KID AND FABRIC GLOVES bought at a discount of 50 t 075 per cent, off coat prices„ from le iding Glove Manufacture-s in Eng- ' land. Belgium, France, and Germany, and will offer the same at astonishingly low prices, on MONDAY, TUESDAY, AND WEDNESDAY NEXT, 23RD, 24TH, AD 25TH INST. Write for Catalogue. HENRY MILES 25 AND 25A, CHURCH STREET, LIVERPOOL.

ico ItUARD," PRACTICAL LADIES' TAILOR. TAILOR-MADE QOWN MADE TO ORDER FROM TWO GUINEAS. FIT AND WORKMANSHIP GUARANTEED. LADIES' OWN MATERIALS MADE UP, 105 SLATER STREET, OFF BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

WHAT WILL IT DO FOR YOU? -- HERR COHEN'S MEDICAL ELECTRIC BATTERY relieves Neuralgia and Rheumatism at once, cures Heada,he in a few minutes, speedily improves digestion, removes obstructions in the system, invirrares the nerves, bri htens the most despairing, generates more electricity, and gives more life force than a hundred so-called electric or magne ic belts. It is inexpensiv, lasting. easily w-rked ; can he used by every member of the family ; is mot exhilarating when use.i as a means for an electric bath; takes the p 1 ce of stimulants; do-s not interfere with the action of the he rt ; does not give shocas, but imparts an agreeable and soothing current. Invalu tble in all eases of nervous complaints. TESTIMONIALS. Liverpool, October 25th. Dear Herr Cohen,—l have now used your Battery for some months, and am delighte I with it. It seems to be about perfect. It is most easy to manage, and most direct in its action. I am satisfied that it is a powerful remedial agent, especially in cases of debility.—l am. yours truly, (Rev.) CHARLES GARRETT. 6, Elizabeth Terrace, Manchester-street, Hull, March 6th, 1894. To Herr Cohen,—lt is with the greatest pleasure that I send this unsolicited testimonial to let you know the great good I have derived from the use of your Medical Battery and bath. I suffered for upwards of 12 years with bid circulation and rhe,.matism in the blood, but since using your Battery am better in every way than I ever hoped to be again. I have spent s ourvis for different medical treatment, but after a time the different doctors told me I should never be better, so I can speak of your electro-medical treatment with the greatest praise.—Yours truly, SUSAN BROOKS. APPLY, OR WRITE FOR FULL PARTICULARS TO HERR COHEN, 130, PORTLAND-STREET, MANCHESTER.

THOMAS FRAIN, RENT and DEBT COLLECTOR, HonsP, Estate, and Gerieral Commission Agent, 39, GLADSTONE STREET, WARRINGTON. RENTS AND ACCOUNTS regularly collected in town or country.—DEßTS PURCHASED. References and Terms on application. Communications promptly attended to.

SHIP CANAL. MAWSON AND CO. Have pleasure in ANNOUNCING that FINAL ARRANGEMENTS have been made to have a MONSTRE EXCURSION FROM WARRINGTON TO LIVLRPOOL AND NEW BRIGHTON AND BACK, 13Y THE SHIP CANAL, On SATURDAY after WALKING DAY. BY THE SPLENDID STEAMER "SNOWDROP." Fare there and back 3s. Children under 12 years half fare, Time of departure from Latchford Locks, 7-30 a.m. Steamer leaves New Brighton at 5-30 p.m., and Liverpool at 6 p,m. MAWSON and CO., also beg to announce that all Cash P ,yments to th.m between APRIL Ist, and JUNE 16th, to the extent of £3 will entitle the Customer to a FREE TICKET or 5 per cent. on all lesser pirchases. As the accommodation is limited early application for Tickets is necessary. 35, SANKEY STREET, WARRING TON.

W. BEATTY, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, BROOKFIELD TIMBER YARD, EARLESTOWN. Dealer in all kinds of Building Materials. General repairs to Property of every Description. All kinds of Drainage and Sewage Work. Estimates given.

STOTLIERTS' FIEADACHE & NEURALGIA POWDERS, A certain cure in 10 minutes. From all Chemists. Grocers and Co-operative Stores, or direct from the Proprietors. Post Free, 14 or 33 stamps. In Boxes is. lid., and 2s. 9d. R. STOTHERT AND SONS, WHOLESALE CHEMISTS, ATHERTON, NEAR MANCHESTER.

BOROUGH or 14.il WARRINGTON. fd'g WARRINGTON CONCENTRATED MANURE. -- MR. JOSEPH BII3BY. 58, ST. JAMES-ST.. LATCHFORD, SALESMAN AND AGIINT from whom all particulars can be obtained. Attends Warrington Corn Market every Wednesday.

W ARRINGTON CORPORATION CONCENTRATED MANURE. Sixteenth Season. GENERAL AGENT :—MR. WM. HOUGHTON, - , PADDINGTON. NEAR WARRINGTON.

FISH MANURE i FISH MANURE ! ! FISH MANURE II I Splendid manufacture FISH MAN- URE 708. per ton, 4s. 61. per cwt. Carriage paid, cash with order. (Name this paper).—Ek.tvisoN, 247, Hainton-st., Grimsby.

MRS: S.. A. ALLEN'S WORLD'S cr. rit I.R, -RESTORER. It is not an experiment, but has been in use for over sixty years throughout the civilized world. RESTORES THE YOUTHFUL COLOUR. It renews life, strength, and beauty; and restores the natural colour to gray hair.

C• ONSUMPTION, BRONCHITIS AND A STUM A. I will demonstrate to the whole . world, and to suff Teri from these unfortunate maladies lio.v they. can be perman- ently eure.i. by an entirely New Nieth)i of Treat men% with- out the chance of tailure, Write with full confidence to Mr. NViLLrAms. ii. Borwond Place. Norfolk Crescent. London. •tle will send you full particulars free of alt charge.

GGS from pure bred HoudAns ; Abbot's strain; 3s. 6d. pr sitting. Unfektile replaced.—Josiem MIT, Lopy Hill, Slim). VGGS from immense Aylesbury Ducks, unlimited grass ..12.1 and water 3s. '6d. doz.— H. SIIIPMAN, accountant, Grimsby.

P MINORCA, 3s, 6d. sitting; bred from first Trize 1 wirrners ; Hopkin's strain; unfertfle replaced.— 6311TH, Tebay.

STRONG healthy Chichens first cross from pure breeds, tested layers, ss. 6d. doz., cash with order.—Roomits, Ellerslie, Fareham.

HOUDAN EGGS, unfertile replaced. Grand leaf-combed Hens, no better blood obtained, 3s. 6d. sitting free.— Mr. PITT. Perranwell, Cornwall. PUBE EGGS (hatching), Plymouth Rocks, Silver Wyan- dottes, Minorcas, and Orphagtons, 28.61. doz. packed. J. G. POWICALL, Great Sankey. iII),LACK MINORCA. EGGS, Hopkins and Hunters. noted I_, layers and prize strain. Only 2s. 6d., packed. Joe. I EMMETT, 304, Earle-st.,Earlestown.

I.2GGS from very fine handsome large turkeys whose ILI parents (unrelated) were imported, 2s. each; unfertile rep!aced. Certificate.—GßEENHAM, Upwey, Dorset.

SILVER WYANDOTTE EGGS, from carefully bred birds of the highest class unlimited grass run, 4s. 13 Bazaar Certificate. E. DIALMSELL, Symondsbury. Bridport, Dorset.

GOOD REDCAP EGGS 35.6 d. per sitting, post free, healthy birds weighing from 51 to 6 to the pound ; they are not sit ers.—Apply JABEZ BOLT, N 0.6., Old-at, New- church, near Waterfoot.

wHI'IE LEGHORNS, Golden Wyandottes, and single comb Orpingtons (cock birds of each pen prize win- ners and unrelated to hens), ss. doz. free.—Captain CRAW- FORD. Chattenden, Rochester.

QRIT I GRITS! I GRIT I I Cheapest and best. Sharp *flint grit, 6s. 3d. cwt. ; calcined oyster shells, 6s. 3d. cwt, 3s. 93. /cwt.; the Perfect meal best in market (see testi- monials). 15s. owt ; Es. /cwt. Cash w ith order. All carriage paid. Assorted samples 3d. Poultry Grit and Meal Co., Grimsby.

y H. ODELL, LONG BUCKBY. offers Eggs ss. doz. tl • Carriage paid. with cert,ficate, from a magnificent pen of Cup-br d Houdans (all prizP wini ers) and guaranteed from Mitckison, Marx, Ainswarth. and Mrs. Hills strains, these are a splendid pen of Dark Birds with grand ciests, on a large grass run.

EGGS from the following Pens :—Sinule rnd Rose-combed Orpingtons, Gold and Silver Wyandottes.Light Brahmas 4s per Sitting 13 Eggs : Dark Brahrnas, Houduns, brown and white Leghorns. LangFhanks, Plymouth Rocks. blue Ande- lusians, Black Minorcas, Golden Pencilled Homburgs, Old English Game Black Red, 3s. 6d. per Sitting 13 Eggs ; No. 2 Pen Black Minorcas, Black Rose-combed Ban ams ; Ayles- bury Duck Eggs. 2s. 6d. All Untertile Eggs replaced if re turned Carriage Paid. All the above have been mated with birds from some of th. best yar.ls in England to produce good layers. Inspection invited. Established 1889. No business done on Sundays.—JOHN EDMONDSON, Poultry Yard, Crank, near St. Helens. Yard o; en on Holidays.

A NY Rubber Stamp name in NiA.l Silver Pen and Pencil Case, 6d. Rubber Stamp AGENTS WANltiD,—Makers 23. Tib-et., Manchester.

ANTED Sunltht Soap Wrappers, 2,1. a dozen given or V Silver Brooch foe N.—MILLARD, jeweller, Kington Langley, Chippenham.

AGENT WANTED. 1-226 per quarter, paid we, kly, splendid opening Experience unnecessary. Specimens Free.— Addre,l,B COMPO WORKS, Parnworth. liolton.

tlto £2 a week Can be easily earned in sp Ire time. Out- fit and particulars. Is. no,t free, afterwards repaid.— F. 4,5, Water-lane, i;alisbury.

TIORINTING I Memorandums, Account Heads, Envelopes, l'usiness Cards, Visiting Cards, Tea and Concert 'I ickets Is. 6d. 100.—FRANcis, Printer. Wednesbury.

BEAUT Y COMPETITION—Send hoto and is. P. 0.. all ',turned and nicely painted (prize ones framed) half entrance fees given in three prizes.—Momus, 13, Walton Terrace, Station-road, Hanwell, London.

GOOD SALARY weekly offered, for spare time, to either It sex, everywhere ; work can be done evenings. App!y, with stamped addressed envelope. '' ECLIPSE" WonKs,loo. Playhouse Yard, Queen Victoria-street. London, E.C.

TO GENTLEMEN'S SONS (age r.o object). A high-class 1 Photographer has a vacancy for an APPRENTICE or one who wishes to learn the business cr ligkly. Small premium. —Address, SHAW, Excelsior Art Studio, 173, North-road, Preston.

WANTED to assist in the management of a large factory, a CAPABLE MAN v.ho has been trained as an Analytical Chemist, and who has had cot,trol in a manu- factory. Stat, age, qualifications. exverience and Bala/ y required to Box E3O, " Examiner " Office, Warrington.

TOBACCONISTS and those commencing should call or send 1 for our Price List. Competition defied.—GOLDBERG'S. paradise-st.. Liverpool. Established 1350.

TOBACCONISTS commencing. 711(1. Guile (post free). I_ How to commence.—TonAccoNisTs' OUTFITTING Co, 186. Euston-road, London, Manager, Hy. MrEns. Est. 1866.

lEFT OFF CLOTHES bought, best price for parcels for- . 4 warded, warded, If not approved, goods returned.—JAMES Gott- xix, New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 326,328, and 346, Deansgate, Manchester,

QECOND-HAND DRESS SUITS. Military, Theatrical,Band Uniforms for sale or hire.—JemEs GORMAN, New and Seccnd-hand Clothes Dealer, 326. 328, and 346, Deausyate, Manchester. Also Gentlemen's misfit Suits perfectly new at a third cost price.

THE ORIGINAL AND COMMON-SENSE. OCIENTIFIC DRESS CUTTING ASSOCIATION. • (Copyright for Europe and Ve Colonies.) ESTABLIKIF D 12 years at 272, REGENT-CIRCIJS, LONDON, W. CLASSES DAILY. DRESSMAKING AND MILLINERY TAUGHT thoroughly, and first-class certificates granted to pupils when proficient. enabling them to obtain good Situations, or start Business for them, Ives. SHORTER COURSES also TAUGHT. Write for Pros. No. 2 DRESSMAKING IN ALL ITS BRANCHES EXECUTED most THOROUGHLY and EXPEDITIOUSLY, by Skilled COMPETENT HANDS, for Town or Country. TAILOR-MADE DRESSHIS A SPUCIALITE. CUTTING- and FITTING for HOME USE. PAPER or HOLLAND PATTERNS to measurement. Write for Pros. No. 3. BUSINESS HOUSES (town or country) STP- PLIED with good Drsssmakers who have learned the system. Fee, 2s. 6d. in advance. Private Families can at all times have names of Maids or Dressmakers who have finished the c3urse. Fee, 2s. fid. in advance. Write for Pros. 1. AGENTS or TEACHERS REQUIRED in all places where the Association is not represented. PROSPECTUSES: No. 1, Pub'ic : No. 2, Pupils ; No. 3, Dressmaking, Cutting, and Fitting, Patterns. S:c .For each or all of these. or for any further information, apply to the MANAGING DIRECTOR 272, REGENT- CIRCUS, LONDON. W. Hours 9•30 to 6-0 Saturdays 9-30 to 2-0.

CAPITAL Two-manual ORGAN; now ; fine rich tone. splendid pitch pine case.—ALEr. YOUNG it Solis. organ builders. Eldon-et.. Manchel,ter.

• J. Mr• TEMPERLEY, MUSIC SELLER, 31, LOWLAND'S LOAD, RUNCORN. T PIANOS, ORG INS, lOLINS, &C. Tuning and Repairs. All kinds of Fittings in Stock. Arrangements made for First-Class Orchestral Band and Pianie.s. PIANOS on HIRE and on HIRE-PIJRC RASE.

10LWYN BA.Y.—Well-furnished HOUSE or Apartments; V.) gas, bath, piano.—Partieulars, address Miss KIRBY, Cavendith House.

LACKPOOL.-141rs. ALLETSON, 28, Hornby-road, near 1/ Sea, and Central Station.—Apartrnents, publics or private, homely, piano. BLACKPOOL.—Miss ROYLE, 36, Coop-st.. near Central Pier, clean, homely accommodation, good piano, easy terms.—Addressed envelope.

SQOUTHPORT.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, central position, 5 mins. either stt.tion ; terms on application. Mrs. FlArtsort, 28, hiding-st.

DKRTHSHIRK.—TummeI Bridge. —DalnoA House, Fur- nihed, and fishing, for the summer months, ten Apartments.—K. M'KENzis.

LANFAIRFECHAN.—APARTMENTS close to sea; LA drainag- good ; central for post and station. Terms very moderate.--JONES, Library.

T LANDUDNO.—Furnished and unfurnished Houses and Apartments TO BE LET, for season and otherwise.— Apply A. J. OLDMAN. house agent, tte.

PENMAENMAWR—FURNISHED HOUSH, or APhRT- M ENTS. grand view of Mountain and sea. Terms moderate.— OWEN, Windsor House, Park Crescent.

NORTH WALES.- -Good APARTMENTS offered married Lady during confinement, house of certified mrse ; mountain and sea air.--DiutisE, the Brow, Prestatyn.

LAKE DISTRICT— Ulswater, Patterdale, close to the lake, board and lodgings, Pleasure Boats kept. Bat hroom hot and cold water.—Apply to Mrs. BROWN, Grisdale Bridge klouse.

APARTMENTS. with or without board.—Mrs. W. KELLY, Newlyn House. Promanade, Port St. Mary. Hot and Cold Baths ; magnificent views of bay and mountain. Terms moderate.

CIOLWYN BAY.—" Home from Home."—Boxrding Haab- lishment, near sea and woods. Board and residence from 203. per week or daily ttrma, stamp.—Mrs. BRaca- sToNE, Plas-y-coed.

WINDBItMERE,—A Clergyman's Widow,having a pretty cottage near to lake ana church, and will be glad to receive one or two Ladies as paying guests, moderate.-1, Buil:Wile Villa, Bawness.

PORT ERIN, Furnished, "The Hermitage," Villa, stand- ing in own ground-, facing Brachia and Calf, full view of Bay, Fishing, Boating, Bathing, Piano, terms very moderate —Mrs. TAYLOR.

pANTYMWYN, near Mold. Furnished villa, five be..l- 1. rooms. Lovely district, bracing air. Rent £25 yearly ; 20s. weekly. Also furnished cottage, 10s. weekly.—Apply JAMES MAKINSON, Willow Bank, Ormskirk.

BUXTON.-THE PEAK THERMAL ESTABLISHMENT. The best Hydropathic in the district. Mineral Water and other Baths. Magnificent public rooms. Excellent cuisine. Table d'hete at separate tables.

ANGLE:nEY, NORTH WALES.—A First-c;ass House TO LitT, Furnished, or Apartments, near sea and ; good fishing and bathing, half-hour from railway sta ion, excellt-nt eel beach, and moderate terms.---Apply, MARY WILLIAMS, Plas-v-Mor. Ehosneigir. Ty Groes, tt.S.O.

WITH or without attendance, Furnished RESIDENCE. beautifully situated on th 9 shores of Crummock Lake, containinv six bedrooms, artist's room, dining and sitting rooms, bathroom, hot end cold water, and all other conveniences, boats w,th good fishing.—Apply JAS. VICKERS, Wood House, Buttermere. Cockermouth.

Q EAS IDE APARTMENTS.—F. A. Powell's Seaside Agency. -Addresses ~f reliable Apartments and Furnished Houses it\ all Seaside Resorts supplied free. including Abery- stwTth. Barmouth, illackpool. Colwyn Bay. Criecieth, Llan- dudno Llanfairfechm, Penmaenniawr, Pwilheli, lthyl, Sc ,rborough, Southport. Towyn, Whitby. North of Ireland. All Apartments visited before recommending. Send stamped addressed envelope.—POW IL, Cherry-st., Birmingham.

I,IR. J. J. LYTHGOE, L. L.C. M., Professor of 111 Music, 16, Bold-street, Waurington. Quarter com- mences with first lesson.

9 LSON-PATTEN-ST., WARRINGTON.— A./3 w, Term will commence (D.V) May 2nd. Fees etc.. on application to the Misses RIMMER.

f ADI ES' SCHOOL,MELCHET HOUSE, LYTHAM. L.l —lnclusive terms, special for cFrgv, references to arents, vacancy for articled pupil.—Principals, the Misses HALKET (Miss. S. Halket,L.L.A.)

HOME SCHOOL for YOUNG LADIES. Every comfort, careful training, first-rate professors, aceom- pli,bments, all examinations, good house, Itealthy suburb, tennis4e.—Misses LIMB. Grove Park. Lee, S. E.

VARINGTON LADIES' COLLEGE and SCHOOL of MUSIC, New Bright-in, Cheshire, Rif-OPRNS MAY BTit. Faces the open sea; good grounds. Qualified English and Foreign resident et if. Visiting Magers. Principal, Mrs. VEAco. Musical Director, Mr. J. P. VEACO, L.R.A.M.

HI-NEWCOM TS. r 0. „ mUi rßi Music Err pa crtei pc aal r and c hned, irecltai te:ls in connection with Trinity College, Royal Col!ege,and Royal Academy. Amalgamated Board and College of Pi of. Music- ians. (Voice production, and singing a speciality).—Green- Bank. Penketh, close to 'bus terminus.

AIR. FRANKorWT.HPuEpYINA' ONOTATIA., TEACIIER VICTORIA LODGE. BUXTON. Particulars as to terms, &c., may be obtained from • Mr- It. lA. Pearson, Bold-street. Warrington, or from Victoria Lodge.

WELLINGTON COLLEGE, WELLINGTON, SHROPSII I RE. RE-OPENED IN JANUARY FOIL BOARDERS. The most complete Private School Premises in the Mid- lands. Splendid situation. Eleven Masters, Eight of whom are Resident. Prospectus on application to the Principal, Mr. J. BAYLEY.

VV" ARRINGTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL. The next TERM will begin on TUESDAY, MAY IST., 1894. PREPARATORY FORM FOR BOYS under 12 years of age. FEE, £2 per Term. For Further Particulars apply to the HEAD MASTER.

HER MAJESTY'S SERVICE. BOY CLERKS £37 per annum. MEN CLERKSHIPS £7olto £l9O do. EXCISE ASSISTANTS CUSTOMS FEMALE CLERK.,HIPS ASSISTANT SURVEYOR . s TAXES £loo ~ £lBO do. Rapid preparation by Correspondence for the above. Low ees and succ ss guaranteed to workers.—Pull particulars on application to W. JONES, 8.A., CIVIL-SERVICE COLLEGE, WEST HOUSE. GOOLE.

,Co bt Ett. . _ L. J. R OWLANDS, AUCTIONEER, VALUER AND LICENSING AGENT, WESTMINSTER CHAMBERS, 3, CROSSIIALL-STREET, LIVERPOOL. MR.. ROWLANDS has a large number of HOTELS PUIILIC HOUSES, and BEERHOUSES TO LET both in TOWN and COUNTRY at all prices, and to suit all chsses of Trade. As there is a particular demand for COUNTRY LICENSED HOUSES, MR. ROV7LANDS would strongly advise persons intending to sell, to write to him and send full particulars at once as he has at present a strong demand for them. Mr. ROWLANDS has several very GENUINE HOUSES FOR SALE in and around Liverpool. Particulars on application. No Charges except business results.

T 0 LET, good house, Derny-st., rent 43. 6d.—App'y AsitTott and WOODS, Solicitors, Horsemarket-street, Warrington.

'IIOI:XT.—WAREHOUSE and YARD, Orford-st.—Apply ASHTON and WOODS, Solicitors, Horsemarket-strect. Warrington.

110 BE LET, a good Beer and Wine House, stands in a good position, doing 12 Kirreis a week.—Apply, 846, Roch- dale-road, Harpurhey, Manchester.

GOLBORNE DALE COTTAGE, Net on-le-Willows, to BE LET, on lease ; a few minutes' walk from Low- ton Station ; good garden.—Apply on the premises.

TO BE LET.—lst May. those Commodious premises in 1_ Folly-lane, comprising a three-horse stable, loose bog, large bat n and yard. pivgeries. washhouse. etc.. suitable for various purposes.—Apply 23. Folly-lane, Warrington.

GEORGS JACKSON. PAWNBROKER. JEWELLER. AND SILVERSMITH. 59, AND 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES, JEWELLERY. Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS, GUNS, and MUSICAL IN- 91RUIVIENTS of every Description. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES Or INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

T ADY'B very handsome Diamond _Li and Ruby RING, set with three Payments taken. Diamonds of the first water,full of fire, also two beautiful Burmese Rubies. handsomely set in solid 15 carat gold, 21s. 6D. remarkably cheap. Only SPLENDID Solid WALNUT °VER- MANTLE, equal to new. fashion- Payments taken able canopy, or cornice top, fine bevelled English plate-glass mirrors, large centre one, five brackets for ornaments, splendidly turned pillars, and carved panels. Worth five guineas. 22 S. Call and inspect this bargain. .

HIGHLY - FINISHED, English Silver Le% er Hunting WATCH, Payments taken. by that well-known maker" Russell" of Liversool, new 12 months ago and cost six guineas,first-class timekeeper. 2 1 I, S. a Warr,nted for five years. 8-c ifice for oIS fD.

FlltBT-CLAoB and very handsome Regulating CLOCK, in splendid Payments taken Walnut and Ebony Case, 46 inches long. Excellent timekeeper. War- ranted for three years. Only 21s. 6D. LADY 8 very r retty Second-hand Silver WATCH, splendid time- Payments taken. keeper, also Lady's fashionable solid Silver TASSEL ALBERT. The pair cost originally two pound s. Warranted 12s. 9D. for three years. The pair only

WONDEItIeWL value, very pretty. Hand painted "Rose' Payments taken. TOILET SIT, complete and perfect seven i.ieces. Only ss. 6D.

CIAPITAL old VIOLIN, iust out of k../ pledge. Grand tone. Labelled Payments taken. Antonius Stradioarius. Well worth 10S. CID. 30s, Only

VIIBEHOLD BUILDING LAND at Stockton Heath to be 1: sold.—Apply JOHN PEMBERTON, Stafford-rd.. Wilder- spool.

UpLAUD'S IRON PILLS (P.P.) enrich blood. beautify complexion; gross, post free. 13.—Ixsurr and Co., Edinburgh.

MILK Business FOR SALE; 18 cows. horse. float, splendid milk round.—Apply 7. Franklin Place, Whitfield-road, Liverpool.

A BARGAIN, good sound BUSINESS, Whitechapel Pony L Trap R 6 worth £lO.—H. J. BENNETT, Wortley, Wotton-under-edge.

(N SAW?, MANURE: WORKS, Widnes, and Gas Works and k I Cotton Mill, Derbyshire.—Apply to J. HOBKING, 16, Penwick-Street. Liverpool,

1000 DRY CASKS, various sizes: hogsheads, tierces, bleechers, scwt., pipes, Sm.—G. PORTER, c)oper, 124, Broughton-road, Salford,

TRADE SECRBTS and RECIPES 9d. Post Free. —Address. W. PATENILL, Ituanden ill, nush- -12 0 den, R. 5.0., Northamptonshire.

LAND. To be Sold, privately, very valuable Plot of Free- hold Building Lana, in Overton. Apply to GEORGE HOLLAND, Overton, Frodsham. Cheshire.

64 DAIZLOUR FOOTBALL."—A new game of skill on Association Lines. Board, Men, and Ball complete, is. 31. pst free.—Lswsom. 13, Foyle-terrace, Dublin.

EARTHENWARE CRATES (Seconds), from 205.: Best China and Earthenware Crates. from £3 ; lists free.— HAMMONDS BROS., Victoria Place, Fenton, Staffordshire.

TOOLS-FOR SALE a capital forfeited pledge, bass of 1 Joiners Tool, in nice condition, price only 28s. 6.3. HUGHES linos., 116, Brownfow Hill, Liverpaol.—T. 5171.

ELIVERY SHOPKEEPER should send £2 for sample 0) ate of beautifully decorated Jet TEAPOTS. Satis- faction guaranteed.—SHEAF POTTERY COMPANY, Longton, Staffordbhire.

WONDERFUL HAIR RESTORER for grey and red haft, acts in a week ; price 2s. Ed. (free by pr,st, cretly packed 3s )—FRYD LEWIS and Co., LTD., 6, Fleet-street, Dublin. Name this paper.

ALE Established GROCERY and GREENGROCERY kJ BUSINESS to be disposed of, good neighbourhood. With or without Pony and Fish Cart. Genuine Bargain ; at Once. —W. H.. 20, Essex-st., 0141 Trafford. Manchester.

TOHN LOWE, Fire and Thief-proot SAFE MAKER, has ON tl SALE Milner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others ; new and second-hand ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from. —33. Albert-street. King-street West. Manchester.

UGS I RUGS I—Goo4 all wool, Bft. long, 6ft. wide, and weighs ovet 4th. ; Government grey ; only b3en used a little, much better than common new. I will send one post free for 3g.—From H. J. GASSON, Government Contractor, Rye.

I_oo 000 SOLD. Lancaster's celebrated Photogr2p- hic Cameras. Icc., for Amateurs or Prof-es oeala. Manchester Agency is at 71, Oxford-street. (All Saints). New list now ready. Cameras bought or exchanged.

j)ILLEARDS ! BAGATELLE !—The cheapest house for JO Millard and Bagatelle Tables and Requisites is FirsivlNG BROI-4., LTD.. 29, High-st., London, W.C. Send for new Nice List, cloth and cushion samp;es, post free. Established

ED lSon P y. eocoNr dO sG blanks,PH . aCnodm pallel t e 8%1 Iptpfi lti Be so r nAtainc ha tl en Le, sr makers or exhil)tora should apply for all their wants. Mac- hines repa:red.—A. Lomax, Phonograph Office, 28, Caunee- st., Blackpool.

TNDIGRSTION cured cheaply and certainly from the reeipe of an eminent phyAickn. No mineral or veget- able I,oisnn. but nature's own remedy. Particul.rs and fort- nig,lit s supnlv for 14 itamps.—J. llosE, 31, Widmore-road, Bromley, IC,nt.

AMME RING .—MR. MASON. "The Stammerer's Ii lend," continues the effectual CURB by Manual of Ins.truction and Correspondence, Visits, or Residence. Treatise and 2.00) cases lent free.—Curnberland Villa, 50, Bouverie-road, London, N.

11DROTFCT YOUR GARDENS from ravages of birds. 1_ Tanned Netting. 35 square yards for is. Wid not rot if left out in all weather. Sent any width; carriage paid on all orders over ss. As sunplied to the Royal Gardens.—fir. JOHN GASSON, Fish Merchant. Rye.

EczEmA._" Dr. Wilson's Eczema Cure" immediately relieves irritation and pain and speedily cures the most obstinate Skin Dise4ses, when other means signally fail. Jars is. 1.14. ; treble size, 2s. 9d. At most chemists, or post free, direct from 20. Fordham-st., Liverpool.

ITEARTINE CURES HEART DISEASE, and all Diseases 1 of the Nervous System. One bottle proves it. Weak Heart and Palpitation Sufferers try this; three bottles will effect a thorough cure. Of all chemists, or carriage free. 2s. 91. each, of C. Wooccom, 190, High-street, Lincoln, or at LEWIS'S, Market-Street. Manchester.

--- ----- QUIP CANAL RELICS. Greenheart WALKING STICKS, 0 Guarantee'. M..de from the Surplus Wood used in the construction of the Ship Canal Lock Ghtes. These Sticks are highly finished and beautifully mounted, equal in aprearanca to those costing six times the amount, in all colours, post free, 2s. 6d. Hall marked Silver Collars and Buck Horn Handles, 4s. 6d., extra leng collars, ss. 6d.—J. BELL, 273, Oldham-road, Manchester.

_ HEIGHT INCREASED.—Three inches withmut fear of cti deteon by PINET'S Elevators (Patented). Can be worn in any Boot or Shoe. Awarded Gold Medal, Paris. C.ution—only obtainable, MAISON PINET, 56, Berner's-st., Oxford-st., London, W. Pamphlet and Testimonials one sta rn p Note 50,000 people increased their height last year by Pinet's Elevators,—When writing mention this paper.

66 GIBSON'S FAMOUS EMBROCATION." Analyst's report :—" As a Specific in cases of Cuts, Rheuma- tism. Lombok°, Snrains, Bruises, Ulcers, Scalds. Burns, Sores, and Skin Disenees generally, I consider it to be of the highest value, and as such it should be ready at llama in ever% household. GRANVILLE H. SHARPE, Analyst (late Principal im the Liverpool College of Chemistry)." Bottles is. lid., 2c. 91., and 4s. fid. post free, Makers—CW.B°n, Sons, and Co.. Southport and Liverpool.

WARDED F IRS T PRIZE MEDAL, Adelaide I A. Jubilee Exhibition, 1887, and Sydney Centenary ' Exhibition, 1388. —TO PICTURE FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS. Cheapest House in London for English and Foreign Picture Frame and Room Mouldings —all the newest designs. Two million feet always in SDuck, Veneered and fancy wood mouldings, etc. Picture frames of every description, oleographs,B4o. Further reduction in prices. Wholesale Carver and Gilder. Every requisite for the trade and exportation. Special attention to country and shipping order. Full particular in pattern book and catalogue (85 ixtges 4to (lemy revised for 1891) for 3d. stamps.—H. Moelmi.., 17 and 18, Great St. Andrew-st., Bloomsbury, London. Telegrapitic address "Rabbitry." London. Stock pripes (IF viits3 monthly. free.

Trio SKIPMAKERS AND OTHERS.—ON SALE, 100 Tons CANE, WILLOWS, HAZELS. M. JONES, 11. Victoria Bridge, Manchester.

FOR SPECIAL BARGAINS IN SECOND-HAND FURNITURE, CALL AT CHARLES GIBSON THE WELL-KNOWN BONA-FID El ADVERTISER, PAWNBROKER. JEWELLER SILVERSMITH, AND GENERAL HOUSE FURNISHER, 31, BRUNSWICK-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. HIGH-CLASS GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES, DIAMOND AND OTHER JEWELLERY, PIANOS, by all the Leading Makers. Numerous Testimonials showing the Good Value we Give.

PARLOUR SUITE PROM GRASSENDALE TO ORDER, for £22. 26 152448 d: b(eoauu*ifoufll yPuleptlst—erMedag(nniofitcaeldP)Air aoUlißd Walnut frames; the Suite complete, comprising couch, lady's and gent's easies and set of smatl chairs ; only £6 12s. 6d. A tempting sacrifice. Cash or easy payments. 31. Brunswick- road. OAK CHIME CLOCK (FROM THOS. RUSSELL 84 SON), VALUED AT q GUINEAS. 27/6 (Extra special).—Very handsomesolid Oak Chime CLOCK (8 days), strikes the hours and chimes the half-hours on very powerful cathedral gong. beeping riead gun time, measuring 12 inches in breadth end 16 inches high, gold dial, ery-tal g ass, Ac. Warranted for 30 years' satistac- tion ; only 275. 6d. Payments taken. 31, Brunswick-road. —COTTAGE PIANOFORTE (LATE OWNER PAID 45 GUINEAS) EQ 15s. (A Sacritic.).—Magnificent high-class COTTAGE 0 PIANOFORTE, by leading maker ; handsome case, ivory keys, check action, and all the newest improvements ; only just out of pledge, toned, repolirhed, and de ,vered free. Rare opportunity. for £8 15s. A chance never before offered. A stamped warranty for 25 years. See our new payment system. 31. Brunswick-road

SPLENDID FRAIHEIC BED, BOLSTER, AND TWO PILLOWS. from gremont. Cost £5 10s. 49/6 (A Forfeit)—Superior FEATHER BED, BOLSTER, and TWO P LLOWS ;in pure Linen Ticks, with side, guaranteed good clean feathers : weighs almost 701bs. ; as perfect as new. Gibson's price 495. 6d. Call and see it at 31 Brunswick-road. LA

DY'S GOLD LEVER WATCH. Cost last year £8 Bs. ElBs. ed. (Specially Forfeited)--Lady's High-class .4; Buglish-finishe i Gold Lever WATCH, beautiful y full-jewelled t-plate gold movement, with chronometer balance, 15 ruby jewels, handsomely hand-painted enamel- led dial gold hands, and all improvements. Guaranteed for 30 years. P. written warranty given. Cost new £8 Bs. ;my price 58s. 6d. Payments taken. 31, Brunswick-road.

MA.ROGANY DUCHE SSE TABLES, TO ORDER FOR £l2 10s. 24 Is. ". (Taken in Exchange).—Superior pair of solid Mahogany Duchesse TABLES, very large size, dressing table, fisted with jewel drawers and extra large size beautifully bevelled plate glass swinging mirror, washstand with solid marble slab. The pair cost ori . inally £l2 10s. Gibson's price £4 7s. 6d. Cash or ea.,y payments. 31, Bruns- wick-road.

3316 _ (Well worth £5 10s.)—Magniticent Mahogany CHEST of DRAWERS. Taken in exchange. Nia worse than new. Gibson's price 335. 6d. Cash or easy pay- ments. 31, Brunswick-road.

TEMP LING OFFER TO A WORKINGMAN. 24/6-Ohurotno,,fgpriaeldge)s—TGOvt'swhAiipc-calasssp (l)eenndtrily Seconds jewelled 1-plate gold movement, gold balance, timed and rated to the 309th wsrt of a minute, with centre seconds, outside stop, and all improvements in stout heavy ca.es. A written guarantee for:3o y are, together with very massive solid curb albeit, the lot 245. 63.—cost oriszinal owner 51 guineas. Easy payments talc en. 31, Brunswick-ro td.

WALNUT COTTAGE PLAN °FORTE ( fiarrison, Liverpool) COST NEW 48GUlNE&S. 212 Ipot Cottage e h (Selea 114-11nFd3 .11—TSBP 1 end fromid Upright Walnut rWt_aclinat,ist maker, magnificmt rich, powerful tone, full compass, check action, ivory keys. and all this noted maker's own improve- ments. Tuned, repolished, and delivered free for £l2 18s 6d Guaranteed for 30 years' satisfaction. Payments of 2s 6d weekly taken.

li-USSELL'S WORKINGMAN'S 6} GUINEA HUNTER. 49/6 (Rareicn owßnammatrar),.sli iuysetr lev forfeited,ermot 7negoif,,vt.PClT'a. Spl,ndidlv full jewelled, quarter plate gold movement, chronometer balance &c., in extra heavy solid silver hunting cases. Guaranteed for 30 years' satisfaction, together Rus- sell's own certificate. New last year and cost st guinea. Gibson's price only 49/6. Cash or easy payments. 31, Brunswick-road.

CAR- -34/6--(pAirfoor(tt.l,--Zez, laze, as7F,,, BRUSSELS.,,,rceIv Cost new 3. guineas. Our pr ce only 34s 6d. 31, Brunswick- road.

147-u —Lady's Solid Gold ENGAGEMENT RING, set with four real Brazilian diamonds and three very beautiful rubi a. Guaranteed genuine. Cost 455.

FROM A GENTLEMAN'S HOUSE IN SHAW-ST., CON- -IENTS OF DRAWING-ROOM—Cost New 45 Guineas. 1 GUINENS.—(A Genuine Forfeit.)—High-class DRAW- -11 ING-ROOM SUIIE, beautifully upholstered with figured plush velvet. in solid walnut frames, comixi.ing couch, lady's and gent's easies, and full set of small chairs, (r ally as good as new) ; also magnificent solid walnut over- mantel, fit ed with numerous bevilled plates. shelves, and brackets •, large-size solid walnut 100 table, beautifully inlaid; full-size Brussels carpet, rich design, only in use a week massive solid brnss-rail fender and fireirons. This grand lot is not a bit worse than new, and those starting life 5h0,.1,1 not let it slip by. Gibson's price only 16 guineas, cash or payments, CONTENTS OF BEDROOM. -Cost New £55. RIO 18s 6d.—(Almost neW).—High-class BEDROOM SUITE, comprising wardrobe, fitted with mas- sive plate-gl sa door, hanging corepartmit igte : Dr Issing Table with large-size plate glass swinging mirror and jewel drawers. pretty design washstand, pedestal, towel ridl, and two chairs c.,mplete. Also full sized bedstead (nearly new), with splendid full-size bed, bolster, two pi tows, and pair of palliasses (not soiled). together with large-size carpet aiid strong fender. The lot only £lo Is. 6d. Payments. WONDERFUL VALUE FOR A WORKINGMAN. 28/6—(LAevFeorrf;vi2T.-6141'{irstb,•ec: sEnglish ustif 1113 r hede Patentmve ment. chronometer balance, jewilled throughout, capital tmekeeper, unbreakalle crystal glass, in stoui, lies.v cases. A written gu-raittee for twenty years ; together with heavy solid Silver Curb ALBE itT, stamped by Government on every link. The lot honestly worth £5 103. Gibson's price, only 28s. 6d Cash or pivments. 31 13,un5wick-road.

_ . / ( ,E 4 Tito tniersc rt tiscteu)d-4 eleli nwdi3tohmtewpoai rr real rfirstwGaotledr diamonds (without flaw or blemish) ; gu tranteed. Original owner paid 3} guineas. Gibson's price us. 9d. ; cash or pay-

24/9•(Cost new 4 gu;neas).—llandsome dinner CRUET by Lawson, guaranteed solid silver plate, and fit- ted with six verlt handsome cut glass oottles, never been use l. A decided bargaia at 245. 9d. Cash or payments. 31, Brunswick-road. COST £4). BY J. R. HARGREAVES & 00., NORTON- STREFT, CERTIFICATE TO SHOW. LiA 125.6 d —Extra Special.—Gent's magnificent 18-carat `± Gold Keyless Centre Seconds English Chronograph Stop WATCH, jewelled in every action with rubies, extra fine chronometer adjustments, brequet Spring, timed in positions for all climates, guarantee I not to vary a minute a month. A pledce any time for £l2. New lastyear for £4O. Maker's certificate and our stamped warranty for 35 years. Gibson's price £l4 12s, 6d. Cash or easy pas ments.

FURNISH AT WORSLEY'S, GAYTITORN, MANCHESTER. HIGH-CLASS SECOND-HAND FURNITURE. Established 1841. National Telephone 1431. Close 7-30.

WEEKLY CHAT.—It is important that every- one requiring furniture should eschew the hire system. the most arbdrary and unreasonable system ever invented. County Court Judges have denounced it. Ex- tortionate prices, arbitrary agreements, together with the worthless rubbish supplied, cause the greatest dissati,faetion. We can supply bona fide Second-hand Furniture at half the cost of New London Furniture. We have thousands of bargains on view, the prices of which will rout all competition. NOTlCv.—Worslev's are prepared to asslst buyers to pur- chase decent substantial furniture by arranging for payment of the account at convenient specified intervals.

H E MOST WONDERFUL BARGAIN EVER OFFERED. Read the following list : A tine ROUSE of FURNITURE, for quick sale, each article priced separately or will be sold io one lot less 5 per cent. First lot consists of a grand Dining-room Suite. Spanish mahogany upholstered in morocco cost £35, price £10; the sideboard is 6 teet long, magnificently carved, cost £5l. for £l2; heavy dining table to match. £2 10s. ; pier glass, 30s ; luxurious Persian carpet. 255. ; solid brass fenthr. brasses and dogs, %North £5, for 255. The Drawing-room Suite is very p-etty. £6 355. ; handsome cabinet to match, £7 10s. ; occasional table, cost £5, for 30s. ; the overmantel has 12 bevel plat, s, price £2. The Sitting-room Suite is in hair, solid mahogany frames, price £4 155.; sideboard, with plate- glass tack, 355.; gent's easy chair, in hair, 15s. ; a large hair- seated sofa, 258. ; two second-land carpets, 15s. and 21s. The No. 1 Bedroom Suite Is Polished Satin Wood, has large wardrobe, plate-glass, centre door dressing-table, washstand, chairs, and towel rail, price 10 guineas, worth £3O; a grand brass-mooned bedstead with bedding and mattress, £2 108 , the lot worth £lO. The 2nd Bedroom has a fine Suite similar to No. 1 Bedrcom, but in polished American Walnut, for £8 lOs , and a brass-mounted becittead, wi h bedding and mattress, 38s. The kitchen has a good hand.orne dresser, with thick top, 7 drawers, and cupboard, for 295. 6d.; set of chairs 2s. 6d. each, square table 8s 6d , and a lot of sundries. Any of the above stored free until required, upon payment of 5 per cent deposit. DON'T FURNISH UNTIL YOU HAVE SEEN "THE PANTHEON."

NORTON ARMS HOTEL, LATCHFORD, WARRINGTON. THE LANCASHIRE & CHESHIRE FARMER'S CO OPERATIVE ASSOCIATION, LIMITED, will I hold their next Auction Sale of Fat and Store Stock, in the yard of the above Hotel, on MONDAY the 23rd of APRIL. Sale to commence at 3 o'clock Prompt —Stock to be in the yard not later than 2of the same day. Mr. ANDREW HUTCHINSON, Auctioneer. Auction Sales of Fat and Store Stock will be held every MONDAY, until further not Le. Commission at 4d. in the R.—Settlements at close of Sale. Entries to be forwarded to MR. JOHN SAMPSON, Norton Arms Hotel, or to the Secretary C. D. PARKINSON, Bewsey Chambers, Warrington.

ON TUESDAY NEXT, at 11 o'clock. The Rooms. 45, Princess-et., Manchester.—Sale of Capital Household Furniture, including Oomph te Suites for Reception-rooms and Bedchambers; Clocks. Ornaments, Mantel Glasses, First-class Ile Aro Plate, Pianofortes, Finu Italian Viola by Gagliano, Bows by Dodd and Tub4s, and Two Old Violins, the property of a collector deceased; Bed- steads. Beddiag, Hall and Staircase Fittings, Pair of 201 n. Terrestrial and Celestial Globes, Cylinder Deek, Chubb's Safe, Carpets. and General Domestic Property. ARTINGSTALL and JIIND will SELL BY AUCTION, at above address, on APRIL 24, 1894. Capital HOUSEHOLD APPOINTMENTS. Auctioneer's offices. 45, Princess-street, Manchester. Telephone 1,5011.

LATCHFORD AND WARRINGTON. VALUABLE FREEHOLD AND LEASE /TOLD BUILDING LAND AND HOUSE AND SHOP PROPERTY TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION BY MR. JOHN MAINWARING, at the BLUR BELL INN, WARRINGTON, OR THURSDAY, the 23rd MAY, 1894, at 4 for 5 p.m. prompt, in the following or such other Lots as may be declared at the time and place of Sale, and subject to conditions to be then produced. LOT I.—THREE FREEHOLD COTTAGES, Nos. 4,6, and 8, James Street, near Buttermarket Street, Warrington, occupied by William Harrisoa, John Buck, and Patrick Hoarty. LOT 2.—A PLOT of FREEHOLD BUILDING LAND, in Latchford, formerly the property of Samuel Gaskell. Esq.. dece ,sed, ut detach, d by the erection of the Latchford High , Level or Fixed Bridge of the Manchester Shin Canal. The land adjoins the Bridge and has a frontage of nearly 330 feet to the New Road leading from Latchford to Stockton Heath and Walton, along the South Bank of the Canal and contains 17,511 square yards or thereabouts. LOT 3.—A HOUSE and SHOP (formerly a house and shop and cottage) with the BAKEHOUSE belonging thereto, Nos. 62 and 64, Golborne Street, Warr'ngton ; in the occupa- tion of George Murton. Also a COTTAGE at the rear, No. I, Heath Lane, in the occupation of William Whittaker. The TENURE is le ,sehold for the residue of a term of 1003 years from 1806 subject to the yearly ground rent of £2 s+. LOT 4. -EIGHT FREEHOLD COTTAGES, callod " Ricliardson's Row." at the rear of Lot 5, in the occupation of James Hornby, P. Caldwell, Mrs. Atherton, P. Rutter, and others. Also a vacant PLOT of FREEHOLD BUILDING LAND. on the Easterly side of the Cottages containing about 55T square yards. LOT 5.--SIX FRFEHOLD DWELLING-HOUSES, and a SHOP, Nos. 296 to 306, (even numbers inclusive), Liverpool Road, Warrington, in the occupation of J. Webb, T. Ogden, D. Dun, and others. LOT 6.—A DWELLING-HOUSE, No. 11, Folly Lane, Warring on, recently occupied by the late Mr. John Donnell. Also a vacant PLOT of BUILDING LAND, atdjoining the above dwelling house, having a frontage of about 30 feet to Folly Lane. The total area is 817 square yards, of which up- wards of half is unbuilt upon. The TENURE is leasehold for the residue of a term of 999 years from 1892 subject to the yearly ground rent of £lO 3s. Id. LOT 7.—EIGHT COTTAGES. Nos. 280 to 294 (even num- bers inclusive) Winwick Road, Warrington. occupies by John Jones, James McKenna, John Quinn, John Rudge, and others. Also a vacant PLOT of BUILDING LAND, adjoining the Cottages and franting Winwick Road, upon which there Is room for the erection of five additional Cottages. Also a RECEIVABLE GROUND RENT ot £3 Bs. 6d issu- ing out of a Plot of Land with the buildings thereon front- ing Winwick Road. the site thereof contains about 1,352 square yards. The TENURE is leasehold for the residne of a term of 1,000 years from 1820 at en annual ground rent of £B. LOT B.—FOUR COTTAGES, Nes. 178, 180, 182 and 184, In the occupation of Mrs. Itoughsedge, and others. The TENURE is leasehold for the residue of a term of 999 years from 1869, subject ton yearly ground rent of £5 7s Ed. For futther information and to see Plans of Lots 2,3, 4. and 5, apply as to Lot 2 to Messrs. J. White, Ma.civer and Co., Estate Agents. As to Lots 3,4, and sto J. E Wright, Esq., Surveyor and as to all the Lots to the Auctioneer or to Messrs. ROBERT DAVIES. K IIrKCONNEL. DAVIES, and BURGESS, Solicitors, Warrington. April, 1894.

t)arness, f:ors'es, earts, . _ SORE SHOULDERS, SORE BACKS, &c., quickly CURED BY CONDY'S FLUID. Veterinary rook free from 61, Turnmill-Street, E. C. Horses suffering from wounds, cuts. bruises, brolien knees, crack d heels, grease or thrush. CUItED in a few hours by bathing •the parts affected with Condy's Fluid. (diluted). I makes the hair grow where rubbed off. Prices, 8 oz.. is. : 20 oz , 2s. of all Chemists. VETERINARY BOOK free containing full directions for V curing diseases of Horses, Dogs, &c. from CoNure FLUID W 05,61. Turnmill-street, London, BC. -

OOPER AND SIMMONS IL COACH BUILDERS, 6, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES at Moderate Prices. Good Stock to select from. Estimates for Repairs given free. The best work only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams. Landaus, Victorias, Wagonettes, and Phmtons. now for Sale or Hire.

200 cLouT gEgSo,n sbllltaedhdeerrS; Ca /iirt a Ilso,mf1;80a x carts,ve r pool-road. Manchester. DOG OWNERS' Nam o and Address Engraved One Shiling. Dog Collars for Sale. Coal Dealers' Labels wholesale and retail —II4LL, 53. Paradise-street. Liverpool.

PIOS 1 PIGS I—Flti D. SMITH. Biggleswade, Bed;ord- shire, has FOR SALE any quantity of Store Pigs, from 15s. to 40s. and upwards; carriage paid on four and upwards on receipt of P. 0.0. or cheque.

DLEASURE CARRIAGES and BUSINESS VEHICLES, of every description, made to order, on moat rf asonable terms. Drawings and e,timates free. All new work war- ranted 12 months.—GILRERT ERos., 54, Macdonald-street, Birmingham.

IN SALE—Under cost price, three new Stone. Brick, or Coutractors' Carte, three Coal Carte, every taescription of Wheelbarrows, Ladders. Bogeys, Handcerts, and Contrac- tor's, Slater's, Pointer's, Farmer's,and cut-door tools in Stock all really good, great bargains to be made here as we are clearing out for alteration of promises.—Anply to ASHWoRTIT, Wheelwright, Lancashiro Wheelbarrow Emporium, stack- steads.

HORSES HORSES I! HORSES ill All colours, sizes, and prices,—To Tradesmen and others,—To save money and time and avoid the well-known risks of fairs and sue- ticn s and getting a worthless and useless horse for your budi- ness, your cannot possibly do better th In go to W. PARKER W00D.6 TO 16, AINSWORTH-STREET COPPERAS-HILL, LIVERPOOL, where you can have one on hire or trial, with a view to purchase, 'Hirers for long or short periods liberally dealt with. Fresh arrivals weekly of young and useful horses cobs, aid ponies, suitable for all purposes. Horses bought or exchanged,—Note the address.

THE PHILHARMONIC MEWS, HOPE-STREEI, LIVERPOOL. PROPRIETOR, RICHARD WHITFIELD. High-class CARRIAGE and MATCHING HORSES. HACKS, COBS, and PONIES always on SALE. Horses of all descriptions always on hire by week, month, , or year. Svecial terms to Medical and other Professional men, who can be furnished with complete equipages, including coach- man, at moderate charges. Superior well-ventilated boxes and stalls for livery cad baits. Special accommodation for the reception and safe-keeping of thorough-breds and horses in transit. RICHARD -WHITFIELD. whilst thanking the Nobility and Gentry of Lancashire for the support with which they have hinerto favouret him, begs to inform them that he has opened the above spacious premises, where his business will be more conveniently carried on, and trusts to merit a con- tinusnce of their kind patronage.

pi. T ENT CHARTEREDO OFFICE: F. LENDTISITaTm77:O/141113LTV1% ENGI HERS, 5, JOHN DALTON-STREET, mANcininis• E K. D. & Co. are Prietical Engineers as wen as Patent Law Experts, and are therefore able to give reliable adviee upon the Workable as well as the Patentable nature of an vention. Ore ttar of Information sent gratis. Established 30 years' N. Telephone 752. Telegrams Dotus, Manchester.

PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BEV:TOL. Have in Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particulars on application.

pA TENT OF PICT! MANCHESTEE, ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha 4 more than years' personal experience in connection with this Establish- ment, and possess practical knowledge of the-cotton, woonen. and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law," price fid. "Colonial and Foreign Pateat Laws," price 10. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E.. & SON, F.1.P.A., 31.8-4" 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

BELL'S ASBESTOS PACKED WATO GAUGES, BELL'S ASBESTOS PAt KED COCKS AND VALVES Are the Best Fittings in the Market. When ordr ring new boilers, steam users should indent for avid insist upon having these instead of antiquated and unre- liable patterns. A Sample Set of Gauges or a Cock will be supplied on a two months' trial. Illustrated Priced Catalogue post free from PUTZ, CURPrtII( AND CO., THE ASBESTOS, INDIA RUBBER AND ENGINBESI STORES, WAREIIOUSE, 2, STRAND-ST., JAMES-ST. LIVERPOOL, Telephone. 1073. Telegrams ASBESTOS—Liverpool.

TUCK AND (h., Limited. INDIA RUBBER & PURE ASBESTOS GOODS. LEATHER BELTING. HAIR AND COTTON BELTING LACES, &c. Guaranteed quality. Lace, Thread, or Copper Sewn, or CEMENTED ONLY. BON FIDE MANUFACTURERS. 42, Chapel Street. Liverpool, Also at 35, Market Street, Manchester. London, Cardiff, Newport, and Dublirl, LEATHER WORKS. LIVERPOOL.

TO HORSE DEALERS AND OTHERS. be T)OROUGH OF WARRINGTON.—The Sanitary ..I—P Committee of the Council of the Borough of Warrior ton, is prepared to receive Offers for the suoply of two VI sound active, Cart Horse3.--A.4e and height to be ataweo with full particulars. Offer 3 to be sent in not later tbaA 4 p m. on WEDNESDAY, the 2nd day of MAY, 1894, addrese`: to Ur., Chairman of the Sanitary Works Committee, ,e'a dorsed "Offers for Cart Horses. --Purchase will be 10'w-- subject to Veterinary Surgeon examination. JAMES DEAS, Manager. Longford Depot, IVarrinWon. April 19th, 1894.

Vubltrations. ,1 _ 64 [TOW TO ENSURE lIEALTIT."—A tnedit for tx,- 1...1 work giving Prescriptions and Instructions „pes cure of all kinds of Detilitv ; post free, two stamps.—Ad,:r Dr. BARNES, 48, Lonsdale 'Scram, Barnsbury, London, r"

LADIES' HANDY ILLUSTRATED By a LADY DOC MR. Free, two stamps. Publist!er, 3, Colston-st , Bristol. yduable information and blessing to womankind. gelltj paper.

KNOWLEDGE is POWER—Thirteenth Anil_no Edition of Explanatory Book. sent gratis and Vag free, gives valuable and reliable information how to money quickly and successfully by Stocks and Sharei4 Address GEO. EVANS and Co., Stockbroker, 24, (21.-,1, Victoria-st., London, E. C.

, REE TO MEN. When you are tired of taking nauseous and mYs'll prescriptions and compounds, which do you nogood. bu 10e ruin ruin your digestive organs, write to me and I will sen4,4o a book which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN te'cot ter lost strength, wastint!. weakness, Sr.c., from ve133.01C" cause arising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELECT::de. ITY. Sent in envolope on r,ceipt of two stamps for porr" —A. J. I,Eicku, 92-93. Great Ilussell-street. London. Vir•L'_:„../

WORTHINGTON'S BURTON ALE'S AND STOUT;eO, FINDLATER'S DUBLIN INVALID AND OTHER $TOv- GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT IN CASK OR RATTLE. CO°. FINDLATEWS STOUTS may now be haa in q gallon WHEA.TLEX'S HOP BITTERS in bottles only. J. M. BEACON. BREWER'S AGENT AND BOTTLER. 14. ST. JANIES-ST. WARRINGTON.

SMITH'S TASTELESS DANDELION ANTIBILIOIJS PILL is. 11d. and 2s. 9d. per box (by post for 15 or top eau: area proved substitute for calomel. Are suited for c°'" and may be taken at any time. They clear the liver, 80.fia vt , head and kidneys ; free the skin of humours, Po"^lfllte., blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and safety. bit 0, exce6s in eating or drinking*. and are the most valet *r change of life, or periodical obstruction. No Blue Pii) !- curials, hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, 260, Walwortb-r° London. PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CELEBRATE'', BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, is, lan Ds' • box, by post for 15 stamps ; a known cure, however ease. SMITH'S INVALUABLE PILE POWDERS, PECTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZENGIIS ' SAME PRICES. , Sold by all Patent Medicine Vendors.

IN USE ALL OVER THE WORLD. S. PEACH & SONS LACE CURTAINS. Direct from the Looms at Factory Prices. 9llfor POPULAR GUINEA PARCEL 21/# 1-1 for 1894. CARRIAGE PAID. (11;0,-,,,,t,1106'A Lot No. 726 contains: 4 Pails Quality, i-60 pair Elegant Drawing Room Curtains, 4 yds. I°n6lotikels. wide, 1 Pair Choice Dining Room Curtains 3i 5115' 74 3 ins. wide, 1 Pair Beautiful ittig Room Curtains, if Inig, 56 ins. wide, 1 Pair Rich Breakfast Room seli,t re yds. long, 48 ins wide. All Taped Edges. desired. Popular Parcels we have advertised for I I, peo have given universal satisfaction. The 1894 Farce o'6 ef feet in quality, material, design, style, and Rnish, 3400e2. a marvel of value.—Satisfaction Guaranteed 0r Is7o Returned. Prize Medals, Chlcago, 1893, and Toron', oc&ieeder 1891 Price List (Post Free), 200 Illustr •tions, late5tlO, ter Lace Curtains, Laces, Silk Flouncings, Mantle Blinds. &c. P.0.0.'s payable to S. PEACH Fc SO' its' Gate, Nottingham. Established 1857. Beware 1,0 THE WARRINGTON SLATE COMPANI' (Late John Nurinerley and Co., Ltd.). BUILDERS' MERCHANTS. S. ARPLY STATION, WARRINGTON2, 4,0 VELINHELI, PENRHYN, AND CARNAWVO24 CEMENT, LIME, DRAIN PIPES, FIRE DRICTI kept and every other kind of Puilders' Material in stock at our Arpley Wharf, or sent 11403 rail, or vessel to any Town. or Pore in the Kingdom. I‘4lo4'` 0 au_ _lvo SOLE AGENTS for the RUGBY PORTLAND , Telephone No. 19. Telegraphic Address " ArPie' 011)- irg W 4 6 EXAMINERI3;wSsTHEIA3SITRPERETIN. TIN° 1114' A CHOICE ASSORTMENT OF DIODE ORNAMENTS. &C. • 1

LARGEST STOOK OF BASINETTES & MAIL CARTS, IN WARRINGTON. OALL AND INSPECT OUki NEW SHOW ROOMS. BUY DIRECT FEOII THE MAKERS, and save 50 iser e. nt. ITEW DESIGNS and NOVELTIES for the SEASON Catalogues on ap;ilfeation. CASH 011 CREDIT. Last year's BASIN ETTES slightly Shp-soiled, HALF-PRICE. ARROP'B, 122, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

1 CYCLES! CYCLES ! ! CYCLES! ! ! INTENDING BUYERS Will do well to INSPECT our NEW STOCK OF FIRST-CLASS MACHINES. PNEUMATICS FROM TO ,220 RUMBERS, ROTHWR'LLS, CHAMPIONS. MONAS, PRIMAS AND ROBIN HOODS. NOTE THE ADDRESS :- LANCASHIRE CYCLE COMPANY. 2, GREAT GEOaGE-ST. LIVERPOOL, 0. KEMPSEI, Manager.

THE 4°llA GRIFFITH'S CYCLE CORPORATION LIMITED. 4CASTLE-STREET, LIVERPOOL. HAVE A LARGE STOCK OF kA.l' LEIIGHS. RAGLANS, Tr?IUMPHS, NEW RAPIDS, TRENTS, gTAES, R. & P.'S FLYING.WIIBELS, SPARKBROOKS. FROM glt), 10s. TO £2l TaE ',DUNLOP" SPECIAL VALUE AT 212 ]2. Q CUSHIONS FROM X.A..) UPWARDS. "PNEUMATIC LIVERPOOL" TELEPHONE No. 5860. Orders by Post receive nrnmpt attention. STOCK ENTIRELY NEW.

1894. 1894. ()RDER AT ONCE. IJNSWORTH'S SUPERIOR TAILORING SPRING OVERCOATS, SPRING SUITS. SPRING TROUSERS. UNSWORTH'S JUVENILE CLOTHING. NEW STOCK. SAILOR SUITS. PRINCE SUITS. NORFOLK SUITS. UNSWORTH'S . . HATS AND OUTFITTING. NEWEST STYLES. HATS AND CAPS, TIES AND GLOVES, UNSWORTH'S, HIGH STREET. RUNCORN..

MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT. THE Proprietors of THE ALM, have always endeavoured to give the BEST POSSIBLE VALUE THAT CAN BE OBTAINED FOR CASH. Transsrting business on a LEVIATHAN SCALE, combined with great experience of the Woollen and Tailoring Trade they are in a position to offer altogether EXCEPTIONAL advantages to the PUBLIC. THE SHOWROOMS at THE M•C•D” are fully stocked with on amazing variety of NEWEST GOODS for the SEASON, and the Proprietors feel sure an inspection (which is cordially invited, will aft ,rd convinaing proof, that for SMARTLY CUT, GOOD- FITTING GARMENTS, The M.C.D. are PRE-EMINENT. &10 H ORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. TII E Ni•C•D” READY-MADE DEPARTMENT contains an enormous Stock of the New- est and Most Fashionable Goods in specially selected CLOTHS, at astonishingly low prices. GENT'S TWEED SUITS, FROM 18/6 TO 45/— TROUSERS, 6/6 TO 13/6 In all the newest patterns of Scotch, Irish, West of Eng- land, and Yorkshire Cloths. A Choice Selection of Tweed Checks. Stripes, and Fancies Bannockburus, Cheviots, Saxonies, Homespuns, and the newest Tweed and Fancy Worsted Stripe Trouserings, always in Stock. THE M.0.D., endeavour to bring by careful Cut and Good Workmanship, the BEADY- MADE as near as possible to the Standard of MEASURE ORDER GOODS. 1 f GENT'S Black & Blue SUITS 4.1 91/ TO 50/ COATS & VESTS, 19/6 To 40/— TROUSERS, 7/6 TO 18F In Fast-Dyed Vicunas, Serges, and the latest Worsted Twills, Corkscrews, &c.. bound Real Mohair Braid. As BERGIN will be a leading feature this Season, The M. O. D. have made a splendid and varied collection of these goods. NOTWITHSTANDING the introduction of New Styles in JUVENILE CLOTHING the M.C. D., rye. ntoo the age ita hesitation in e sayinga 1. th e thator f of ?IT; and Sailor Suits will take precedence. Special attention has been given to these two styles, and they are being (+hewu in a large and Pleasing Variety of SCOTCH and IRISH TWEEDS, WORSTEDS,VICUNAS, & SERGES. BOYS' SAILOR SUITS, With Flannel Front, Lanyard and Whistle, Badge and extra Linen Collar, complete, 3/11 TO 18/— BOYS' NORFOLK SUITS, With Full or Loose Bottom Knickers, 91— TO 19/6 THE M•C• D• 1 SYSTEM of conduct- ing business cannot fail to recommend itself to those desirons o! contributing a share of their patronage. All Goods are marked in plain figures. Special Orders can be executed in three days. BOYS' RUGBY SUITS, With Loose or Full Bottom Knickers. 716 TO 21F BOYS' TWEED FANCY SUITS, In avarietv of Styles for hard wear, 4/9 TO 15/ In Worsteds, Vicunas and Serges for i*est wear, 6/11 TO 21/ BOYS' DOUBLE-BREASTED REEFER SUITS,' With Loose or Full Bottom Knickers, 7/6 TO 21/- 8 & 10, FT ORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

UNDER THE CLOCK. PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY. ARRIVAL OF NEW GOODS FOR SPRING, 1894. GENTLEMEN'S BOOTS and SHOES in all fittings. GENTLEM ON'S CALF SEWN BOOTS, all widths, 8/11 GENTLEMEN'S CALF BOOTS. 10/6, 12/9. 16/6, 18/6, 21/- GENTLEMEN'S RUSSIA TAN CALF, 6/11 to 18/6 GENTLEMEN'S LOW SHOES, all fittings. LADIES' BOOTS AND SHOES in 200 varieties. Three Gold Medals Awarded. UNDER THE CLOCK. 118, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

BRAND'S BEEF BOUILLON. BRAND'S BEEF BOUILLON. BRAND'S BEEF BOUILLON. A MOST NUTRITIOUS AND INVIGORATING BEVERAGE. Made by the Simple Addition of Boiling Water. At a Coat within the reach of all. 11. LITTLE STANHOPE-ST.. MAYFAIR. W

CDDLERA. & FEVERS PREVENTED. 4. OANITAS " DISINFECTANTS. KILL ALL DISEASE GERMS, FRAGRANT, NON-POISONOUS AND DO NOT STAIN. FLUID, OIL, BSIULSION, POWDER AND SOAPS AND APPLIANCES FOR ALL PURPOSES. THE "SANITAS " CO., LIMITED, ERTIINAL GREEN, LONDON. E.

BOVRIL THE GUARANTEED PRODUCT OF PRIME OX. BEEF. FORTIFIES THE SYSTEM AGAINST INFLUENZA, COLDS AND CHILLS. SERVED HOT AT RESTAURANTS. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS, CHEMISTS. STORES. &c.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Cure Headache and Sickness. Cure Irldigcstion. Cure Flatulence and Heartburn. Cure all Bilious Affections.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Are a Tonic Purifier. Strenthen the Whole System. Induce Cheerfulness. Invaluat.le as a Family Medicine.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Cure Loss of Appetite. Cure Depression of spirits. Cure all Disorders of the Blood. Cure Lew tude and Nervousness.

DR. SCOTT'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS. Are wrapped in a square green package, bearing the name of the proprietor, W. LAMBERT 173, Seymour Place, London. W by post for 14 or 34 stamps.

THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, APRIL 21. 1894.

RUNCORN BURIAL BOARD. BALANCE SHEET FOR THE.YEAR ENDING MARCH 25TH, 1894. Dr. To Balance in Bank, General Account 99 4 9 „ Sinking Fund Account lB4 8 1 „ Interment Fees 467 17 8 „ Grave and Burial Certificates Stle of Grass „ Rent of Field „ Cash from Overseers' Sinking Fund Account l2O 0 0 „ Dividend on Consols 8 7 3 „ Bank Interest ....._ Z 920 9 2 CR. E s. d. By Interest on Mortgages „ Mortg-ges Paid off lOO 0 0 „ Maintenance and Repairs „ Rates, Taxes, and Tithe lO 11 1 „ Printing, and Stationery „ Sundries „ Salaries and Wages , Bank Commission ll 8 „ Balance in Bank, General Account £46 3 7 „ Less Cliques Running 43 1 0 3 2 7 „ Balance in Bank Sinking Fund Account ...... 215 13 1 £9lO 9 2 SINKING FUND ACCOUNT. DR. £s.d. To Balance, March 25th, 1894, invested in Consols 312 18 4 CR. s. d. By Balance MORTGAGE ACCOUNT. Dn. £ s. d. To Balance 5,184 3 0 CR. s. d. By Balance 5,184 3 0 Examined and found correct, JOHN LITTLER. JOSEPH K. DIGGES, uditors. W. F. SALKELD, Secretary. A April 19th, 1894.

GOLD MEDAL DIETETIC TEAS. SPECIALLY RECOMMENDED TO DYSPEPTIC. and a great boon to any who have been denied the use of other teas by their Medical Advisers. HENRY MILLING & CO. LTD. MERCHANTS, WARRINGTON.

;, • -,CHINC LACK! There is no remedy in existence that equals ST. JACOBS OIL For back-ache and all bodily aches and pains. It acts like magic, opens and dilates the pores of the skin and penetrates to the seat of pain. Costs ls. lid. and 2a. 6d. It Coilquers Pahl.

Newton-le-W illows Widnes, App'eton. Farn worth, Ditton. Penketh. Preston Brook, Frodsham, He'shy, Daresbury and Moore Grappenhall. Heatley Heath, Lvmm. and Thelwall "Vewchurch, Croft. P dgate. Stock- ton Heath. Stretton. Warburton, and Woolston For T,,wn Deily. ry & Latchford.— Manch ster. Maeclesfield. Stock- port. Buxton, Y,.rksh re, Nor, 11-, timberland, Durham. & S.-}nst Lancashire London. '4outhern and ,S.-We-tern Comities Central South Wales and Foreign Liverpool -,nd Leig,, Manchester, part of North Wales. and r land... Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-We'd England, Wigan, Scotland, Prescot. Southport Birkenhead. Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton. and Iluncorn Manchester. s.-East Lancashire. -oaf' ales, S -West ot Eng- lanil Yorkshire. Durham, NorH thumberland. & Town I) livery . London, S -Eastern, Midland antil! smithern Counties, Crewe. Mid- Cheshire, Central %Vales, and Foreign .lion Preston. Nt.rtli Lanca-hire. We:st Cumberland T.ondon, Midland Southern, and s..Ea.tern Counties ..... . Liverpool, Soot hpo t, Ormstir Bath. Bristol, Exeter. Olottc. ster. Plymouth, and '4cotland heder. Wre ham. Llandudno. & Sheewsbury Manch-ster, S.-East Lancashire, & Sheffield ...... Preston Brook, Sutton, Newton-le- Wirows and WL:att Liverpool Frodstinm F^orisha m Bridge Helsby, Widnes, P-iiketh, and Moor., „ mown De ivery Stoelcten Reath. & Sankey Midges Lvmm. Thelwall, t lfeatley Manehester & St Helene Orf rd and Hulm. Li verp .01 and Chester rap enhall Preston. N.-East. Lancashire. West! ennaherland. Wigan.Manchester Peterborough, and Fat Lincoln.' shire Town Deliv• ry Prost in. West Cu herla d, Liver- pool, B.rhczillead, Ormslc,rk, Irk of Man a Wasgow Night. Maul oeso-c-,cll. All Parts Midtands. S.-Eastern • & South Counkiet. & Foreign

JUNO-CYCLES VERY S E BTEHET. • Rigid, Swift, Light. EASY rtivo Racers 201bs. : TERMSL--- ._ MO INO Roadsters 281 b. luxu L,dy's. Milithry . and Youths'Safeties i Op), g PoWing and other ' Ar lir( ~_ l'ri,ycles whi. h rats 28 - itch doors. 4.„,;115?-1;OT <V -end at one for Jurm it [ 11 t tcd lit 150 CASH DI-5 & CARRIAGE PAID bages po-t free. Mac- hines, fittings, parts, • .. . t siindries.press opinions 12 Mont hly'Payments or Cash Dia and riders tertimoials count. Carriage Paid. Second hand Machines In immense variety. Sole Masers of the Jnno— METROPOLITAN AIACHINISTS' CO., LIMITED. 75 and 76. Rishomgate Without, London, E.C. ;,: ~r _

THE FINEST MEDICINE IN THE WORLD FOR COUG,HS, ASTHMA, BIRONCHITIS, INFLUENZA, &c,, is CONGREVES - BALSAMIC ELIXIR In Bottles, 29, 416. Sold by all Medicine Houses. Mr. G. T. Gong-reve's Book on Consumption and all Chest Diseases, with Appendix, contamhig many remarkable cases, post free for is. from Coombe Lodge, Peckham, London, S.E.

‘Rhton-in-Makerfi,M, Vlarlestown, Golhorne, Lowtoo. & Winwick. All plives south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Bla khurn. Blacki,ool. Bolton, Burnley, Pie twood. Liverpool, Manchester, Old iam, Ormskirk. Pre cot, Preston. Itoehil d-, Southport, Stalvhridge. Wigan, Yorkshire, North• West • f Rug livid. and North of Ireland (Day Mail ... Birmingham. Chester, Crewe, London. and Southern Counties, 1, orth. Wiles.stafford. S ie 14 port. %VIA, ringt.n. Wolverblmot(Jn. Ire- land Way Mail) and Foreign. Birkeoh .ad, ilirminghAm Burnley, BWlton, Carnbrid.tp, Chester, Devonshire. Liv. rpool, Nort h Wale,..Preston,St. ff el •ns. Southport. ant ionth Wales Ashton-in-Makerfielii, Bard stown, no!lworne. Lowfon & Wiowick WarrinOzil, Manchester. Wham, :••tookport, anfi all Yorkshire. ... All Paris—Generil Night :With: SUNDAY DESPATCHEi. All Parts—General Night Wail.

WEEK-11% VS. 10 15 a.m.. 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m 9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9 30 a.m and 5-31 p.m. 9-15 :t.m. ani 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 6-1.1 a.m. and 6-30 pin. *These are Telegraph Offices also 10a.m.,2 and 7 pm. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m. 5, 10 a m.. 12 zioon, 2 dc 7 p.m. 6-40 p.m. 8-15 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 a m. amil 7 p.m. 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m. 7 p.m. 7.15 a m. and 645 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

England,,t7aTe; Itelaitd. Scotland, and ForeiOn' • • Loittin and the :With' Freisham, Helsby, 1n1m..... Manchester, S. -East Laneashire,' Yorkshire, Durhorn. Norihurn beriand, and Lincolnshiril Chester, Liverpool. Birkerthead, Southport, Present, Wigan. Orrn kirk, Widnes, & Earlestown London, Foreign, and the South Midland Counties & South Wales Preston, North Lancashire, sew. ton-le-Wil'ows, St. Helens. and Chester Manchester London and Foreign, South. S - Eastern, and Minland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Cha- ter, Wales, and Ireland Glasgow. Preston, Wigan Man- chester, Botton, Cheitt,r London and Foreign, South. S.- Eastern, Midi n.i. Northern, Eastern Counties, &.Laticahliiie.. Croft. Padgate, Woolsien, Stoz:k tun Heath, and Stretton London & Foreign. South, and S - Eastern Counties

k, 0;1. 4'4 ;,.. p : t, ti.ll ,41

...........sgrgaianrarrectinAcialiallXlMEMlNlVllllllllllTACkun '44 1 MILMINIONIM 3131"1ir . 430 I%llr :I) )rioxiFiciciolcx--x-m---x-'' To =Lake your household hzight, and your oioshes Snow-white .' " ' ' ,•'' ''l ,42'4''' :,..,4 r. - • :117.1T,, ~.- - _ , my/r-si,. •r,701=7:, tvillAtt; ' 7 ,;' ' '2,,t4, i,4,:t•lA,(t. ,4,', '''' ' ' Illir ' 73-‘v , •.l -,,.. ,•,. t'A0,,,;<.,,z, ‘‘, ,- - ',,e,,p,..•,,,. P.', ••. • ' '.,, A 4 . ~„.., • A . ~, ° 4.1P-vii",'.o, i \ .._____:.: ~ 17.3, -.41'7 '''' • ' „-. Va.. .- `"' _....,,,„ •)1 ~,---7------.:!..: , . - -----rr-, ---* '•'•z„,_ 'P•7,..X.,,,?p0• ,'" - ..., -- .I,—" 6"i 4%4 ',4,31:; ')‘ 'Y -5*N1i•73,... Attev_ , I T PRESE'VES . CLOT. ",,,14,--,c-....1.. ;:a;;',.• ...Alt •..01==.4 BONUS TO BE GIVEN UP TO DEC. 31, 1394, Full Particular. the ; If 10 ALL USERS OF VENUS SOAP. on each iiirap V tcr. US DE MILO Picturc ni Status For 30 Wrappers, Handsome Needle Case (filled cow/ lete) ,A,ill 'De sent. ' (1-,i,,e rryt by 14-in. mounted) li EN ll e sent to any add: c, s For z2o Wrappers, Timepiece No. z, 4-in. Dial, will be sent. wi 1 Forb 2a' WRAPPERS. and For 200 Wrappers, Tim. piece No. 2, 6-in. Dial, will bo st.r.t. For Gn WRAPPERG 1 For 350 Wrappers Timepiece No. 3, 9-in. Dial will bt• ,]ent. 1 In 11a,', (Alt. Gin I t nine. ...mr.:....i..............._

, i t i 1 ( ( c ,_s• !: I:. I f , V, ! ' • :

POSTAL INFORIIATION --- POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON. LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the the time to which a Letter can be posted with Ordinary Po3tage, ATI with an Extra Haltpennf Stamp.

EARLTOWN AND NIiWTON. !TRAP OFFIC high-at.. New POSTMASTER ••• Mr. James Jords Hour.: of { Week-clays, 7aM.to 9 p m. Atte nee Sundays 7t019 a in. hln (doses at 540 P•01' The Telegraph Offic,- Is open ,n we •kol tv from 7-30 ital.' 8 p.m.. an f on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 i.m. \Toney Order and '4avings Bank Business 9 a in. to 6 p.rn- PARCEL Pins-v. —Parcels are deapat,therl at 10-15 a.m., 7-15 p m., and 8 p.m LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m..12-30, and 3-30 p.m.

Parcels are despatched from the Receiving Office at Earle'. tomvit at 9a.m. ant 6 p.m ; from Lii Sub-011ices at the Non° time as letters.

TOWN DELIVEItIES AS FOLLOWS:...

I

• • • NEW HARRISON BWIIIT GOLD MEDAL . ... •' K , _.-...AR -., , - -.-- ~ KNITS Stockings ribbed orplain GLOVF.S arid CLOTHING in f. Z • , „,- , r .. WOOL/SILK. or corros. INSTEHC- i?- ' • .1 TIONS :FREE. Lista t!,!. per post TRIUMPHANT AWARD at PARIS. The only WINNER in the WORLD of. GOLD MEDALS and 22 c thee. Honours. lIARRISON KNITTING MACHINE CO. Works: 43, Dpler Dros.k St., 11/41c.chester. _

at st 4 SINGULAR ACCUSATION. _ -- ! You, • Efeletts on Monday, William Andrew Kidney, .& e°lll'l% of Thattoileath. was summoned for i4Oillp,4""ing Mrs. Ann Jane Hogan. Toe defen,lant " oo 'm the threes and said that some tote 1),,k t*e -iie-nt -110 pennv'wnrth of potato pie from Mrs. H.)gan. ,ther,lrLdaY Mitt. Hogan asked him if he foul any. k_'init 77" in the pie because she had mislaid 304. arci . . 7-tab.:ne Ivo Put it it; the pie. He never ate the 0 (4"1 uoz.-- fell asleep against it ; then he gave, it tl the. 1t461""Pr.) Mrs. Bevan had since' accused him , . Elg the 30s.—The case was dismissed. It-a'illiiit to.tvdeßurri e-Jones et zhellfonfa tyheearart baronets, . . an income of 15 _

PURE IRISH. ... LI :“-:„. :• ~ N. . IRISH LINEN ' IRISH P CANIBRIC OCKET HANDFRCPIEFS 16. ii IRISH LINEN Guaranteed all ' pure flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. Gents' size, 3/8. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. • IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN COLLARS. IRISH LINEN Gent., 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars, 5/6 per dozen •, made special to pat:74%703/e 'per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9. 4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH 'NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 56 per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. IRISH LINEN ' 2 *yards square. 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 4id. per yard. Read Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 pfl. yard SURPLICE IRISH LINEN LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS FOR SUMMER AND y EVENING WEAR. I)turs,awbility, IRISH LINEN IRISH TWEED, all IRISH LINENandStreylWe.G°Pl.leaUsenssuayrPiafssfoerd Lfoardsierse'rolgrth Patterns free by Return of Poet. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. • orT, R. HUTTON a CO.; LARNE BELFAST.

?i- ----g !) ~,,':' '., . ph ,T, . „„,); i... , 3 1:1 \ ~~ 0_,.,...,,.,, 6., ' ~.,- ~,, ,-F;f,' .., '} -. S PILLS & OINTMENT , Are acknowledged by all to be The Best Medicines for Family Use. MANUFACTURED 'ONLY AT 78, NEW OXFORD STREKT, LONDON. ' And Sold by all Medicine Vendors 'at-oaf/hong the World. Advico Gratis, et the above addrt.sa, daily, between the'houra of 11 and 4, or by letter.

• CURE FITS AND TO PROVE IT °YwIIiCWEA BOTTLE of my Remedy for Nothing, so that sufferer, may have an opportunity of testing the truth of what I state." Because others have failed to cure you is no reason why yo., should continue to suffer. Send at once for nay TREATISE and a MEE BOTTLE of Medicine. It Mita you nothing for a Trial, and IT WILL CUBE! Address:- 41. G.. Ito OT,2B,Eaadsleigh Gardens, London.

-- NERVOUS DEBILITY. LOST .MANHOOD, YOUTHFUL IMPRUDRNCH. &c. A FTER many years' suffering a Gent'eman has obtained a gmple SELF-CURE for N BRVO 1.59. Loss eV Stremith and Energy, Weakness. &c. All suff- rers eli uld write at once for particutirs, which will be forwarde I free.; Send self-addressed stamped enyetiv e plainly written to MR. ROBERTA, 18, CLAREMONT SQUARE, PR! TONVILLE-ROAD, ; LONDON. N. (Name Paper). ONE POUND OUT OF EVERY THIRTY POUNDS. GP TEA CONSUMED IN GREAT BRITAIN IS SOLD BY BROOKE, BOND & Co This is an absolute fact, and It is the beat possible proof of the value of OUR TEA. Prices-: xf-, 1/2, 1/4, 1/8, 2/-, -2/4, or 2/8 per lb. WE HAVE AGENTS throughout this district, and we will gladly tell you the name of our Agent nearest to you it you will ask us by post card. CUR AGENTS draw their supplies, ready-packed unit labelled, c. nstantly from us, and they sell exactly the same teas et precisely the same prices as at our well-known Warehouses. WE ARE -GLAD to receive applications from ener. getic tradespeoplt. for Agencies wherever we are not already represented. Selling our Tea has long been a regular Annuity to Thousands of enterprising lien and Women. BROOKE, BOND & CO., LTD., -PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER. And at LEEDS, BRADFORD, and LONDON.

WOMAN'S FRIEND, HUXLEY'S SPECIAL MIXTURE. THE MOST POWERFUL AND EFFECTUAL MEDICINE KNOWN • The recipe of a famous French Puysician. Quick, sure. and certain. Never fails to Relieve and Cure, no matter how caused. Post free to any address for 2s. 9d. or be. 6d. per b .ttle. Full instructions with each. Bend for the WIFE'S FRIEND, a book for every woman who wishes to keep healthy.—D. GLASGOW HUXLiiY, M.D. (U.S.), 176, Cemetery-road. sitieffistd, and Masonic Buildings opposite Market), Rotherhtm.

TOWLE'S PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS fez A. Females, quickly correct all irregularities, re:nove obstructions, and relieve the distressintz symptoms so preva, lent with the sex. Boxes Is. 4d. and 2s. Pd. of all chemists sent ahywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps by the maker. Ii T. TOWLE, Chemist. Noah ghm.

A PERFECT CURE 111 ' Forweakaess, loss of flesh andvi _ ~resi: less sleep, pimples,nervous exhaustion, & ailments % arising from early or later-day errors. Address:- ,;•' k , , Messrs. Wit.,,trNsom, Medical Halt, Sheffield. .. 4/6 THE CASE, R Ilt BY POST 4/9. WILL CUE YOU. .

SAVE A DOCTOR'S PEE. ADVICE TO LADIFS (FREE). ALADY SPFCIALIST (qualified) many year& attaehed to a Tem le Hospital, 14 e ablerl to POSI- TIVELY GUARANTEE the DESIRED RES LT in a 'eve h urs, no matter how long standing the IRREGULA.RITY may be, and even when every, hing else has failed. Write at once, enclosing stamped addressed envelope, to SPECIALIST 295. STRAND. W.C.

. . , .... „...:‘ -. .... •1 40 i ;, • -.9'1017- / • ,'-' ') li• •• •"\--1' 11.:111,. >..,,,,i-z•tif.:l,,, 7.... ',,,t, , - 4 Le..g S)„, ...';-,,,'----t..„:- Ins ARE THE ONLY MAKER, OF LAWN MOWERS ;appointed by Royal Warrant Maliers to lI.M. the ,Qt.t. en and His Roy I I-Ugliness the Prince of Wales. GREEN'S 1-',<TENT " SILL:Ss MESS' LAWN MOWERS, WITH IMPROVED WHEELS AND SOLID-LINK STIOL CHAINS. AND NEW MONAIWH. Take the lead of all others and are the first; foremost., and he t in the world. . They have stood the test for upwards of thirty years; and •have carried off hVEitY HIGHEST PRIZE which has been •given in al; cases of competiti,on .. They lire in constant iie in all the Royal Gardens. 'I hey will cut, eit her lon. or -slant gribt, bents. Ex., wet or dry. EVERY ONE. 'ENT OUT IS GIIARANTERD t i give er tire sati,faction. 'Otherwise it may be returned at puce Free of COST to the I- Ulfl 'lf A sEle. 'They can b- had of all rep ctable I ronm,ngers and Seeds - men in the United Kingdom. or direct front the Am-intact, i rors. THOMAS GREEN A tvD SIN, 1 IMITED SMITHFIELD IRON *4OIIKS LEEDS. AND SURREY WORKS, BLACKVIII sRS ROAD, LONDON, S.E. . Carriage Paid t . all the Principal Railway vtations in the United Kintion. Illustrattd Price Lists viitli Ttstimonials. Free on Appiic Adm. Beware of deceptive imitations. -- N.B.—Repairs promptly done at both our Establishments, , for the traits AS well as others.

'AMES! DE. LIDINGTON'S NEW MEDICAL DNCOVERY for mhr iefl or single women is positively the safest and most successful method known for removing all Irregularities and Obstructions no nutle, h,w caused t.tr long standing, no nati eous pil s. powders mixtur,s or any o her uselees stomach medicine to take. ?ilium impossible under this eatment. Sufferers may obtain particul,rs free o charge by sending staraped midi-eased envelope to Dr. LIDINGTON. 46 outharropton Buildings, Holborn, London

These tiny soluble 'CAPSULES are tit- - perior to Balsam of oopaibal Oubebs or S T - .ainvent liquids ,str CURF: IN 48 fIOURS the same 47 D 'diseases without in- convenience. Capstees ntarked 416 Of an Chemists, or Fost free from WILCOX & C0.,239 Oxford St...,London,W.

KAY • A i,tVELLMUS FKAIALK RN:3IEOY FOR Ai.L OBSTIWCI lONS and IRREGUI. RI- Tlll-; stands unriv fled. The most stubborn and hope- less cams yield to this extraordinary Med cine in six hours. tit/miens. ste thr,ughout the wJrld. Thousands ot uff -rers ,curl, " TestimonlAs (Genuine). with full Instruc ions and Advice. accompany each bottle Ssut post free, under cover, tfor 5... ed. DR. MACKAY, 104 HIGII HOLBORN. London. Beware of Dishonest Intit,tors.

"FOR THE BLOOD IS THE'LIrEI CLARKE's,:; I WORLD-FAMED • ~IBLoOD •mixtußE THOUSANDS OF IESTI3IONIALS. "We have seen hosts of lett; rs from peop'e who Wye re,eived great benefit from The use of Clarke s Blood ix t ure. It c Irina be too highly e,tim .ted. fir it c eansea and clears the hboil from all ,napuritie,." This is a i.ood testimonial from the Fan& Doc or, whi .11 got, ori fu thpr to sa3; : "It is the tini3et Blond Purifier th:it cienee and skill have bought to ht, and we cr n with the utmost, confidence recommend it to our subscribers and the public generally" Warranted to cleanse the blood from r,ll impurities, it haterer cause arising For Scrofula, Sew vy f ezerna, and Wood D cue, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, is re mtuvel axis. I is the only red spedfic tor Gout and Rheumatic Pains, for it removes the casts from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials In butt ea 2s. 93i. 'nil Us. each, of a 1 Chemists. Sent for 33 or 132 s, amps by Pro priefors LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIRS DRUG COMPANY. ,LINCOLN. Beware of Wort .lesa Imitations.

//f,\ t \ ‘ \ '.g -_ . t/ 1 rifiri; ''''''tilaiot....rm,--- lili 1 T—M.P it vCI Hit .': ti 1 l• l'T .. "r 1 -, "11 11 1 o' p- • ; - r.,t,. _9 1 iii..,„2.---, . ,f.,„ ,-.., ~,,.1-1'..,1, i , . .)‘ ,V7..p. ~...o,it. ,t, ,q • , • •-) -Cr),'A • ,\,-- .& k • g \) . .i")) h/ eAs.Q:;!:4";:;, • ... t:3 . .. , •.. :".'i .-- .4-46--.50;4,)e_- 21,..\71 -A ii // • 'ipoi -3- . '-'i J Avi •-)'1,- - "P.- \ i -' • / • . . cy• ~.i •. : , ;41 ~,,, ~... r ;r- ,q- f. ./ 7,./ ,• , ~., ' (~,,- "I „' 1 ./ . -.." -.‘,.,\.--, u:'‘.....eitsA*l,-,-i *lkl, ' . t,S)Hyp 0 =,z•ij, - ' z::....--- . / . . • ..01.' •": • .i.c.-::*.a". ‘• --.%7'' •• • .A1:IVO ~ ‘S .1' -,...:4. / ' • -.f. -,.. ',5'47 .....1.'.4 e.-- --,oi; 6.0;:i,'`,R,.5.,.% 1 -.---771--, -7, - '. i .tiz-:t...., , . ............... .1 , ..., .1/4ttvbv•."- ' 4.._ f. vt:a._-- 'i, _, liiwir...s• • 5 tbk -4 ' •ii $ -,4; ‘,.. ,1 ....., . .' C— d',l .... ,:. -. . i.*P II 3.; • A ...' '. %. ' i 7- * 11 - .• •:•.. —. et I I .11. 7): I . -:. •ss;, ••••• . ior . -. • . 6 t'll , ......4,- • • , /iv -.. ,/' •, . It -,-;* :. ; . .• ..,-^i...."„ . a ..• . •. r +.... , - ... ' • .. --• . &1., VIIV ( ~..,7 /(_,.•.a....% .. -: • ..• .- ii. .... :.... r._ '441 ~.. ... .. '' IT .. • - • --'• .4... '.- ...---_,Ar ft.... 0 ••• .. . • . : . . • 7 ........ .7 ... Q-- .ce• .1 41.141mgmil um 40' - ...eg, %pi,' a 1 -1--_-_-: C•‘sl4 oce.- 0' ./ - • , 10 IVERSAL EMBROCATION,. is.

*)k, ' „, luau 41110 41011P' SOOTH N G POWDERS }4,)R CHILDREN CUTTING TEETH. IN USE OVER FIFTY .(EARS.

JOHN STEEDMAN, CHEMIST, WALWORTH, SURREY." is engraved on the Government Stamp affixed to each packet.

----___..2---"-------- E E T H . TEETH. TEETH. PARKINSON'S'S TEETH are, at the pr,,lc L UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD, The Pu'll."o -INEETH. may rest assured that these statements 4 based on ABSOLUTE TRUTH, and perhaps'. ts ii best guarantee of thin. to intending patien eer rifT4,ETH. . • tha,, J. H. PAU .:INSON has one of the Lag 0 I_ Dontal Practices in England the outconni,B TEETH. employing the BEST LABOUR, using 44.- BEST MATERIALS obtainable, and chard 'TEETH. the LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. ad Any set made, or any work done by Wirt: jo TEETH. u not giving ABSOLUTE SATISFACIIOr. or Every 7Yetall will he innediately corrected-of an ENTIRE NEW SET made FEES TEETH. CHARGE. 4, These conditions insure the public's 8101 a • rrEETH. tion fi and recommendation, zxemplied bY,ipt sets having been inserted for patienta d 1110" TEETH. one year only, directly and indirectly 11-'l°t-foa, the voluntary persuasion rnd reeommellw'ii, 'TEETH. of 0i.;,..E SINGLE PATIENT. Any or s_o‘stie these patients' names and addresses, for :lot reuse, will he given to any would-be PS'iltle TEETH. personally app;ying for them. These, thousands in the past, each recommending TEETfI. friends, speak volumes for Mr. l'arn''' ' success. TEETH. His.unusnally Large Dental Establishlni7sT , adapted for the COMFORT if Patients. P 1-tt, to . MI , rrE WEI NOT DETER ANY. ALL are FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily from and 2 to 6. ' TEETH,. AA.SOLUTRLY PAINLESS EXTRA.-'-efr_,, flit ezo., as hitherto, by the aid of his own '`--,)14 '7 TEETH. LIQVIID NITROUS OXIDE, of which n 1000 g*, lique.,fiea for sale to dentista nearly 1-- ~, tie-. TEETH. ions weekly. Patients, hhe ave, trefore, ''' speciality also the benefit of his experience' TE ETH. CLOSED ALL DAY ON FRIDAYS' 1 J. H. PARKINSON, , TEETH. Dentist by Examination, . 46, MOSLEY-STUEET, MANC;INST" . WARRINGTON ON WEDNESDAYS, at Miss Cbele° Ladiee Outfitter, Sankey-at., from 2 to 5 P-In* , RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs. Hughes, ( Parson's), Confectioner, Bridge-st., from 2 to NOTITHWICH. on FRIDAYS, at 18, APplemarlset-str' -rem t"--.F,' 11 t., 12 a m.. and Ito - p.m. ....42..., : ~,%Ordinary notices of Births, Nfarriages' and Deaths, 130011 , ' . sorted free of charge. Marriages or Deathawith t'nfisOft "No Cards," or any addition to the Registrar's n-i. A:I -, notice, are charged One Shading and Sirpence, if prsisn A' anneunoements on cre,dit, Two Shillings and. Sizr,6 such announcements must be authenticated by ".- and address of sender. ::.41140 MARRIAGES. YATES—Surrow —On April 18th. at Halton „,,, -road " -110 De, Church, Runcorn, by the Rev. J. Hanby. b1r„.311 Alt: , Yates, eldest son of Captain Yates. and Ming a 3" ec'''' Sefton, only daughter of the late Mr. Henry SOft°3' tractor, Runcorn. DEATHS. tole' spitAzmAN—Fmnags Speakman of Park-road. isy-. Willows, Aprll rth, 1891, aged 60 years.

I

M E 1140R1AT, kJARDS, q Tra Jodi CIRCULARS, BILLIIRADS, MEMORANDUM Handbills, Window Bills, Posters, and printing;o` • .S executed with ueatne3s s deapatch by Jong the Borcragh Press 34, Bridge-street, WarrinYton'

4r. THE _RANCRESTER iLoT 111 N Prr°..Sf. J. AILORING & ) G a a 10, HOASEMARKET-ST WARRING-it 01' ABU SHOWING the LARGEST .RANGES jo MAKES a CLOTHS for MOURNING NV3XpSAC WORSTEDS, SERG-E,VIOUNAS' LLAMA ,t SUITS READY 'MADE OR TO NIEASun-05. at short notiao for MEN, YOUTHS and BOSS Well made and thoroughly reltrPle•

I
