===== 0002601_18941229_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCK nearly One Million of Mature Bulbs, the best sorts. the best bulbs, and cheaper thsn anntion sales or direct import from so-called growers in Holland. HYACINTHS, Rainbow mixture of brilliant colours, 10s. per 100, is. 61. per dozen. HY:WIN THS.—Regal named sorts for pots and glasses, 35., 45., 65., 95., per dozen. 100 in 17 varieties for 1.75. 6d. or 21s. TULIPS,—Rainbow mixture of bright colours for beds, &c.. 4s. and 6s. per 100 Splendid named sorts 3s. to Bs. per 103. CROCUS, large-flowered sorts only, exquisite colours for beds, riltbons, &c., is. 6d. to 3s. per 100 ;12; 6d. to 255. per 1000. DAFFODILS, splendid selection of the very best, f•-t* pots and bordeqs, from 6d. per dozen and 2s. 6d. per 100. See list. SCILLA SIBERECA, lovely Siberian Squill Dwarf, brilliant blue. exquisite ,for beds, a-u., 3s. per 100; 255. per 1000. SNOWDROPS, Anemones,Ranuncul us, Polyanthus, Narcissus, Lilies, Fressias, Iris, &c.

For full particulars pleas,. oons.,lt Lir Illustrated List, poet free.

&BERT P. KER AND SONS, RULtt IMPORTERS AND GROWERS, BASSETT-STREET, LtvEttrooL.

THIS DAY, MEN'S OVERCOATS from 171. 6d. THIS DAY, MEN'S OVERCOATS from 17s. 6d. THIS DAY, MEN'S OVERCOATS from 17s. 6d. THIS DAY, MEN'S OVERCOATS from 17s. 6d. THIS DAY, MEN'S OVERCOATS from 17s. 6d. THIS DAY, MEN'S OVERCOATS from 17s. 6d. WINTER CLOTHING, CARDIGANS.

WOOL SHIRTS, DRAWERS AND VESTS. • •

UNSWORTH BROS. 24, 26, 47, 49, - HIGH STREET,

PURSES, DRESSING CASES, AND BAGS. CIGAR AND CIGARETTE CASES. BRUSH CASES COMPLETE AND MANX USEFUL ARTICLES SUITABLE FOR

CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR'S PRESENTS

TT. . ROBINSON, Largest IMPORTER of Mouldings in the Provinces. Over 1000 Patterns kept. PICTURE AND SHOWOARD FRAME MAKER. HAS REMOVED TO 21, ST. ANNE-ST., LIVERPOOL DIRECTLY OPPOSITE THE CHURCH. Clounti7 Quatomere will be allowed return fare on orders and above.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
- . .

RUNCORN.

FOR Ar II AS PRRSENTS, USEFUL PR ESMNTA, accept- -11... able Pmente. Penal' le preeente. Go to FAA- GCN for Urntoellae nni Walking Stkke. Iloe-strt•et (adjoin- ing }loyal Court Theatre, Liverpool.

39 AND 41, DLLS-BTAB/4T. 12, LORD STRBHI, If D I'ARKER-STUBBT, LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
Mr. COLLINS (who was 30 years a n3embzr of the Royal College of Surgeons of Engianu) will forward, free of Cltarge. full PARTICULARS if a REMEDY, which during an extensive practice, both at home and in the Colonies, he has never known to fail in the most OBSTINATE CASES of OBiTRUCTION and IRREGULARITIES. Send ad,iressed envelope for full particulars, and waste no more time and money on useless Pills and so called Remedies, Ac., which, in the majority of cases, are nothing 1.-ut PUR- GATIVES. and cause SICKNESS, PROSTRATION, and PAIN, without having the desired effect. Letters to be addressed

D. COLLINS. Gothic Hiruer, 9, Erehtne Street,, Liverpoot

===== 0002601_18941229_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
29, CHURCH-SrREET, LIVERPOOL,

(NO SMOKE, NO CHIMNEY, NO DUST, NO GAS. NO OIL. It 0 YLE'S I Burning the New Smokeless Ewe!. I See the latest, before you purchase. I IRO NI NG MADE EASY. Charcoal and gas irons STOVES.i entirely superseded. A self -he‘ting Iron for ss. Thousands selling. Supolted on approval. Snowkooms. 41, DB ANSG ATE (opposite tram &Bee) PATENTS. DAMIAN( ENGIN HE4tING WORKS, Grent Eridgewater-strewt, Orford-street. t (one arinate film St. asenrs's Mall)

===== 0002601_18941229_art0005.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18941229_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
I

ii I

k . I • .r !.; r, • t • ' • .1 h • 1. . ^ _ 4 • f•-^, r 4 - • _

===== 0002601_18941229_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
BOVRIL

FOR INVA.LIDS

times more URISHING

than ordinary r, AT EXTRACT

OR BEEF T

PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS,

"A CAT may look at a king," provided there is no mouse in sight. "WRITERS' cramp" is often found to extend as far below the wrist as the etomach. THE cannibal does not believe that one man's :neat is another man's poison. THE "breath of suspicion" is generally scented 'with cloves.

IT is the needle that helps the mariner to thread his Way over the sea. EVERY dog' has his day, and every other dog thinks how much nicer it is than his day. THE menagerie part of a circus is generally a howling success. IF listeners Wish to hear good of themselves, they should practise the art of soliloquising. THE favourite song of briefless barristers is "And we shall 'walk in silk attire."

• HIS REASONS. —" Still a bachelor, Winters?" "Yes." "Necessity or choice?" "Both. Mf necessity, her choice." FRIEND': "What are you going to call the baby?" Young Mother (sadly) : "I don't, know. His father gives him a worse name every night."

TOPER : "What shall I take, doctor, to remove the redness of my nos?" Doctor: "Take nothing —for three months !"

IT SEEMED NECESSARY. —Rowne de Bout: "You wouldn't marry Miss Roxy for her money, would you, Upson ? ' Upson Downes: "How else can I get it?' PREMATURE. -"Has Evangeline's engagement been announced ? " " Yes ; it was announced last evening by her small brother." THE average young woman does not object to young man stealing something from under her very nose. PERSONAL magnetism is the ability to make people believe you are right when they know you are wrong. WHAT a nice place to live in this world would be if women were all as good as they look, and men nwere all as good as they seem. THE TRUTH.—" Do many deaths result from foot- ball?" "Yes, indeed. The majority of spectators at a game invariably catch cold."

A LUCKY ESCAM —"I understand there were loud calls of Author after the play was done." " Yes; but the mob didn't catch him." ROBERT (who was at the office very late last night)—" My dear, have you seen anything of my boots?" She (sweetly)—" Yes, love; they are down here on the ha.. rack."

"IT is a great blessing to possess what one wishes," said some one to an ancient philosopher, who replied, "It is a greater blessing still not to desire what one does not passess

WIFE—" I am going to call you 'hubby' for short." Husband—" lam glad of that." Wife— " Why ?" Husband—" I'm glad you're not going to call me 'hubby' for long."

THE FIVE GREAT POWER.S.—Some one asked Prince G—, "Which are the great powers of Europe ?" ie answered, straight off the reel, "England, Germany, France, Russia, and woman." MR. TROOMER—" Where on earth is my new silk hat? I've looked everywhere for it. Bride (sweetly—" You said you wanted it ironed, dear, so I sent it to the laundry." EGBERT—" I saw you at the theatre the other night with a lady. A friend of the family, I suppose?" Bacon—"No, she is no friend of the family. She's my wife's mother." HE (sentimentally) : "I would willingly give up all my riches if by doing so I could possess you ? She (practically) ." I can assure you that if you did such a foolish thing you never would possess me !"

INSURANCE AGENT: "I have just called, Farmer Jones, to remind you that your insurance policy expires next week." Farmer: "All right, Mr. Smith! I have been insured with you ten years, and nothing has .happened, so I think I'll try another office."

AMATEUR ARTIST.—" I should like to present the last picture I painted to some charitable institution. Now, which would you recommend?" Cruel Lady Friend—" The blind asylum." OVER the sh,,p door of a pork butcher in a village in the eastern counties may be seen a sign- board representing a man in a black coat, brandishing a hatchet, with the inscription: "John Smiti) kills pigs like his father.

MODERN PuoGßEss.—She : "You have been away in the country, haven't you ?" He : "Yes. Visiting some people I used to know when I was a boy." She: " Particular friends'!" He: " Oh, no. Father and mother."

No wonder churchyards are haunted. After he has been kicked and cuffed all his life, a fellow's ghost can't have a spark of vanity if it doesn't enjoy a quiet sit down in the moonlight to read the epitaph.

LOTS OF IMITATORS. —Tarbell : "I don't see how the Prugus make a living running a tou.rding- house." " Dote : "Haven't you heard? They have turned it into an obesity cure, and are coining money." GENUINX REGRET. —" De Bilk is going to the dogs !" " Awful sorry to hear it." " Why ? Is he a friend of yours?" "No ; but several of the dogs are."

ExPEc-rING Too Mr-cll.—Frenchman: "Oh, dis viii not do for me. I found a leetle tadpole in ze milk dis morning. Dat tells a tale ! " Milkman: "Well, wot are yer grumblin' at, mounseer ? Yer don't expect me to supply yer with full-grown frogs, do yer ? ' A DIFFICrLT UNDERTAKING. —Priscilla : "A girl never marries her first love." Prunella : "No ; she's lucky if she can marry her fifty-first now-a. days."

MADE NOISE ENOUGH. -" That hen is kicking up a great cackle." "She has just laid an egg ?" "That all? I thought perhaps she had laid an omelette soufflé."

PROPER CONsIDERATION'.—Judge : "If you were there for no dishonest purpose, why were you in your stocking feet ?" Burglar: "I heard there was sickness in the family, your honour." MUTUAL RESENTMENT. —Hojack : "1 wonder what made Tillinghast and Dimling such mottal enemies ?" Tomdik : "Some one told them there was a strong resemblance." THEY WERE.—" Are you ready for the ques- tion ?" asked the president of the woman's club." " Yes," was the instant reply from every un- married woman in the house.

HE KNEW How IT WORKED.-" We'll play that papa's our little boy," said Mrs. Gazzam to Georgie, and we'll make him have a happy time." "No," objected Georgie ; "if papa's our little boy. he'll have to do what we say."

MEXICAN CURB. KNOWN AS RLV. JosEPH HOLMES' MEXI- CAN Preseriptien. is the only guaranteed Remedy or all those who suffer from the errors of youth, nervous weakness, exhausted vitality. kidney, bladder. gray!, prosta te and kindred complaiGts, and has stood the testf or • 1 ears. Send a self-addre•=sed stamped envelope to Josr'sc HOLMES' Remedy Co., Bloomsbury Mansions, Bloomsbury square, London, and get full partleulars of this great Reined, 2free of charge.

..... CI4 L. • .-....• . ' C.... ? 1' 'EA. ~/,,,./,',', 'w..,..-_-:-.A(>7-----,&,-'•,, , ~.6:.Ti- ~,,,i) lii .; • ~,,,,,,.., • _44. - .T, !„.!,,T, ..............2. ,5.,.*- ---7,.._.... • 0.,:, - .._:. ..,- -,- -k..-7---- ••.,......__, ‘,‘ - ii.-----, -, - t ,---i,,c--- f ,l ~ i‘ 1 ;i4 fi •1 1, /7

===== 0002601_18941229_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SPECTRE OF DURANT

CASTLE.

MT name is Denis Brabazon, and I am, or rather was at the time of which I am about to write, a doctor, without any practice of my own or the means of purchasing one. Mv sister Dorothy and-y I lived in a big old house at Bydenham, not many. miuutes' walk from the Crystal Palace; the sa.id house together with a sum of two hundred pounds Oex annum having been left us by an old uncle whom we had never seen. Our Rtrents had died when we were both young, so that DoLothy and I were all in all to each other. Ever since I had passed my final exam. I had fretted and fumed at my forced inactivity, and scanned the medical journals and newspapers daily, vowing to take the lirst post as house or ship's surgou that I eculd obtain. It wanted but a few days to my twenty seventh birthday, when one morning I ,aw an ad. vertisement in the Standard, which seemed just the thing I had been looking for. A okillcd medi- cal man with a knowledge of mental cases, was required to take entire charge of A patient, and to reside in the house. Liberal remuneration offered. Now, as I had made insanity my special study, I certainly thought I was a fit and proper person to apply for the position, so I hurried off to an old friend of my father's who was, and is now,one of :he most eminent medical men in London. Ile kind!y wrote me out a strong recommendation, which I. enclosed with my application, and then await,ed with what patience I could command—which was very little—the reply which I felt almost certain I should receive.

The next few days we afterwards called " Dori: - thy's martyrdom,' for I was too excited to rest, and wandered in and out of the house with my big collie, "Tim," at my heels fifty or sixty times .5 day, and as it was the middle of winter, the amount of slush "Tim" and I m.4naged to deposit on the new carpets was something incredible. When I came down to breakfast on.the fourth morning after posting my application, I found Dorothy turning over and over a thick envelope with a crest on the flap, addressed to myself, and bearing a Welsh postmark wAch we found our- selves utterly unable to pronounce. Slipping her hand through my arm, we did our best to decip,ler the somewhat illiterate writing. The sheet of note paper was imposingly stamped "Dura,it Castle," and the letter appeared to be from the guardian of the patient. He stated in rather pompous phrase- ology, that my application backed by my friend's letter, bad received his careful consideration, and he had decided to engage me; that we should not dis- agree as to salary, and that he hoped to see me at Durant Castle in a week at the very latest. Then followed his signature—" Evan Jones." "Oh! Denny, .whatever shall I do without asked Dolly, rubbing her rough curly head on my shoulder, the tears sparkling in her dark eyes. "Why, you must have Etta down to stay with you whilst I am away," I answered, kissing her tenderly, for we nave a genuine affection for each other.

Etta was our cousin on our mother's side; a pretty golden-haired little fairy for whom I used to have a sneaking regard, which soon vanished when I found out what a thorough-paced little flirt she was.

We made a very poor breakfast that morning, Dolly and I. The coffee was allowed to grow cold, the toast and eggs ditto, whilst we talked of the coming separation. The next few days seemed to me a whirl of packing, friendly congratulations, and partings which I did not fully recover until nearing Pen-y-grantog in a train, which for slow- ness could not be matched even on the Continent.

Poor little Dolly! She had cried when we parted at Easton, and, regardless of grinning porters and idiotic masters, had clung around my neck in a way that made me feel horribly uncomfortable. "Oh, Denny, Denny," she whispered with a sob, "it will never be the same again. We shall never, never be the same to each other as we were before this parting." And I had kissed the pretty tear- stained face, and patted her encouragingly on the back until at last the train bore me away with my once immaculate collar and tie, over which I had spent so much time and patience that very morn- ing, rumpled in such an alarming manner that an old lady who was getting into the compartment at the first stopping-place took fright on catching a ght of it, and hurried off to another part of the train!

I laughed at the recollection in a half-hearted sort of way as I leaned back in the comfortable first class carriage, with my head buried in the blue tobacco-scented curtains, and my feet on the opposite cushions on which halt-a-dozen uncut papers were lying. Just as I was dropping off into a comfortable dose, worn out with the exertions of the last few days, a fiend, in green corduroy, yelled close to my ear, " Pawagrata, Pawagrata," and I started up to find that I was at my destination. The aforemen- tioned fiend seemed literally struck dumb with sur- prise when I alighted, and gazed open-mouthed at me as if I were some rara-aris, such as he had never seen in his sleepy "come day, go day, God- send-Sunday" existence. "Come, my man, see to my luggage, will you?" I cried sharply, at which he shambled off to the luggage-van, where he and the guard had a chat of quite tea minutes' duration, during which the engine-driver and stoker had stolidly disposed of a couple of large pies' which I imagine constituted their mid-day meal. When the train at last puffed and snorted itself out of sight, the solitary porter again approached, and asked if I was the gentleman for Durant Castle. I answered in the affirmative, on which he lugged my portmanteau and baggage to the end of the platform., through a gate, and deposited them on a small cart which stood outside. "How far is the Castle!" I asked. "Three miles, sir," said another official who had just come up, and who proved to be the station- master. _

"Three miles!" I echoed in dismay. "Yes air, I saw the carriage coming this way a few minutes ago. Perhaps it's corning to meet you, sir. Better wait. I did wait, and was rewarded by seeing the car- riage descending a. tortuous hill towards the station, and at last draw up in front of me with a flourish. "Are you Mr. Brabazon, sir!" said the coach- man, touching his hat. "I am," I answered. "All right, sir,"—holding open the carriage door —" Mr. Jones said you were to excuse his not coming to meet you, as he had business at the house- farm this afternoon."

I took my seat, and as I did so I heard the station- master say "How is Miss Durant to-day, Bond ? " and t•:e reply, "Worse," accompanied by a signifi- cant tapping of the cranium. Miss Durant! Was my patient a female? It seemed very much like it. and I fell to imagining an old maiden lady whose long residence in these wilds had driven her mad- Twenty minutes later, after driving up a tremendous hill, I could dis- tinctly hear the roar of the sea as it dashed upon the rock-bound coast, and leaniag out of the car- riage window I caught my first view of Durant Castle. Never, except in ruins on the banks of the Rhine, have I seen anything to compare with it for situation. Not that this was a ruin. On the con- trary, it frowned from the top of the hill in all its grandeur like some impregnable fortress. The light of the setting sun gleamed redly on the many win- dows, and the utter silence that reigned around, except for the ceaseless roar of the sea, caused an eerie sensation to creep over me. The immense gates rolled open on our approach, clanging to behind us, and as I alighted before a magnificent entrance, a thick-set man with sharp cunning eyes came down the steps with outstretched hand, and a smile on his lips. "You will excuse my not meeting you, Mr. Bra- bazon," he said politely. "I had an engagement which it was impossible to put off. Welcome to Durant Castle." I shook hands, with him, and noticed that two fingers were missing from the otherwise shapely hand laid on mine. "You' will no doubt wish for some refreshments, and to retire to your room so as to remove the traces of your journey," he added. "The housekeeper will show you the way. We dine at seven, and I then wish to have a conversation with you about your patient." Thanking him for his courtesy, I followed the housekeeper, a homely old lady, up the wide old oaken staircase ; "Tim," my collie, following closely at my heels.

AIOXON'S NURSERY BOON (Unequalled for DESTROYING NITS, and PARASITBS

in the HUMAN HAIR.) OF CHEMISTS and the PROPRIETOR, J. L. M 0 X 0 N, 252, PARK-ROAD. LIVERPOOL. 6d, and Is. per box. Post Free 7i and Is. Please mention this paper.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
•,7N11,10...r..- bl/46Ar •"•v -

, ,

- -

.1

111M.11!4

===== 0002601_18941229_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
4,4 'l` E I XA-:\i IN FAZ, ATUB DAY Dh, bEit 29. ,e 9

The rooms allotted to me were cosy and cointort.. able, the windows commanding a splendid view of the wide-stretching sea. "1 hope you'll be comfortable, Mr. Brabazon," said Mrs. Bond, poking the large wood fire vigor- ously, and dusthig an imaginary speck of dirt from the polished tiles of the grate. "Thank you, I have no doubts on the subject," I replied pleasantly, I could see the good soul wanted to talk to me about my patient, so I ven- tured to ask, "How is Miss Durant to-day ?" "Poorly, only very poorly, dear lamb. She's just fading away. Ido hope you'll be able to do her good, doctor." "Well, I'll try, and that will show I'm willing, won't it?" I asked, as a light footfall resounded in the corridor. "Why, it do sound like Miss Lindsay a-coming here," replied the housekeeper. She had scarcely finished speaking, when the door was pushed open, and a girl with a slender willowly figure, clothed in white, a well-poised head, and a lovely profile-like--some exquisitely cut cameo— entered the room. The pretty violet eyes opened wide in surprise on seeing me, and "Tim," evi- dently liking the new corner, walked sedately, over to her, wagging his tail in a friendly manner, and pushed his cold black nose into her little hand. She patted the audacious carline on the head, pulled his long ears, and then rubbed his hair the wrong way, indignities which " Tim " bore with great good humour. Then she condescended to glance at me again. There was no madness expressed by those deep violet eyes—only a frightened, appeaiing, and at the same time, distrusttul look. "This is Mr. Brabazon," said Mrs. Bond, speak- ing to her young mistress gently and lovingly. Mr. Jones has engaged him as your doctor, Miss Lindsay." Once again the pathetic violet eyes seek my own, and I bow at the introduction.

"Indeed," is the only reply she vouchsafes as she stands pulling "Tim's" ears. "I hope we shall soon have you quite well again, Miss Durant," I said, with a kindly smile. She looked at me once again, and then with her hands tightly clasping "Tim's" massive silver collar, she asked in her low sweet voice— " Are you a friend of his V' " I felt slightly bewildered. "Of whose, Miss Durant?" "Evan Jones."

I saw that 1 must prevaricate. "I saw Mr. Jones for tne first time in my life juFt now, and of course politeness forbids my siying what impression I have received," I answered with another slight smile. Miss Durant regarded me wistfully for a few moments, and then moving nearer to me she whis- pered, with a frightened glance at the closed door, Will you keep it away ? ' I glanced at her sharply, bat the look in her violet eyes was most decidedly not madness only a great fear, which, if nob removed, might end in that awful malady. "Certainly, if it annoys you I will," I answered reassuringly. She looked so innocent, so lovely, and the violet eyes met my own so appealingly, that my pulses beat rather faster than usual, and a strange feeLng as yet took possession of me. "It is horrible, disgusting, loathsome," she said vehemently. "Four nights ago it appeared to me and wrote the dread message once again." "What dread message? Whatever do you mean, Miss Durant?" I asked wonderingly. "Do you not know ?'' regarding me wistfully. "A horrible headless spectre haunts Durant Castle, and has appeared to me in my bedroom several times. It writes in letters of fire on the wall, You Lindsay Durant, the last of the race, will most surely die February 21st, 1883.'"

I had detected the moment of entering Miss Lindsay's room a strong smell of phosphorous. The luminous writing on the wall could be produced by phosphorous. An idea that had first struck me a couple of weeks back, now assumed tangible pro- portions. Evan Jones had said to me. Miss Durant's birthday is on the t. 2nd of February. I suppose you, together with 1 :ie local medical man, will give a certificate of inst‘ •eity so that I may still manage the property for It( r until she recovers." And I had answered curtiy that, providing I was convinced of Miss Lindsay's mental capacity 1 should certainly do as he wished. • He was appar- ently satisfied, for he rubbed his hands together, and his cunning eyes glittered avariciously. "You knows Dr. Brabazon," he continued, "Miss Lindsay accepted me as her future husband some time ago, but since this distressing malady has occurred she has entirely forgotten the affair, and, in fact,acts as if she positively disliked me, although I can assure you such is not the case." "Indeed," I answered coldly. "Yes," he went on complacently, "and by the bye, Doctor, would you iike an instalment of your salary now, say fifty pounds," producing a pocket- book, and drawing out a bank-note for that amount. " I would rather wait until Miss Durant is fully cured, Mr. Jones, thank you,' I replied quickly, for I felt an inward repugnance to accepting money from this man.

This conversation recurred to me now as I sat over the glowing coals. Evan Jones was the only person who would benefit by Miss Lindsay's death before the 22nd of February. That he was unscru- pulous and selfish I was convincei ? Could he have anything to do with this spectre business. I crossed over to a cabinet which stood on the opposite side of the room, and unlocking a drawer drew from it a heavy Colts revolver. Carefully withdrawing the cartridges, I placed fresh ones in their places, and then, with a light laugh, put it in my breast pocket. Things would certainly be hot for Mr. Spectre if he appeared whilst I was in Miss Lind- say's room. How I loved her ! And she cared for me! Had I not read it in her eyes? For me—me, Dennis Brabazon ! What had I done to be so blessed?

It was the 21st of February, and the day accord- ing to the spectre, on which Lindsay had to die. It struck me very forcibly that the dying might be done, but not by Lindsay. For the last few nightP Mrs. Bond and I had sat in her room unknown to the rest of the household, and nothing had been seen or heard of the disturber of our peace. We generally sat behind the tapestry in one corner so that a look would show us the entire room, whilst we ourselves would be unseen.

Lindsay had avoided me since the night J had held her so closely in my arms, and, whenever I spoke to her, she blushed and faltered over her reply, to my infinite delight. I was waiting until after the 21st to declare my love, Sand although it was hard work, I struggled manfully to repress my feelings. Evan Jones, on his return, had sneered at the reported spectre, and tried to impress upon me that it proved Lindsay to be mad; but I was not to be impressed, and I think he grew suspicious, or he would never have done what he did. On the morning of the 21st he again started off on business, saying he should return in four or five days. The hours passed away very quietly, although I could see Lindsay was nervous and ill at ease— small wonder seeing that she had been warned it was her last day on earth. , When evening came round Ws. Bond and I took up our positions as usu,l, but not before I had spoken a few comforting words to Lindsay. The hours rolled slowly by. Mrs. Bond had quietly dropped off to sleep, wrapped up in shawls and rugs, until I could scarcely catch a glimpse of her face. Tne large silver lamp had been turned low, and Lindsay's regular breathing told that she was asleep. I peeped through the tapestry. The room was in semi-darkness, but I could see that it was perfectly empty except for our three selves,and as the door was fast locked and bolted, I knew no one could enter the room that way. I could just distinguish Lind- say's bright tumbled hair and sweet flushed face an it rested on the snow-white pillow, and then I leaned back in my chair and thought of how I would kiss and caress them on the morrow.

Downstairs in the hall a clock chimed the half- hour after midnight, and I had just made up my mind that nothing was going to happen, when a slight noise, so low as to be almost imperceptible, caused me to peep through the slit in the tapestry once again, and I saw a sight that froze the life- blood in my veins. Leaning over Miss Durant wa.s a loathisomc, putrifying, headless figure surrounded by a faint phosphorescent glow. A sickening odour began to fill the rom, making me gasp for breath. Then, suddenly, I saw a band upraised clutching a glitter- ing dagger, and from that hand two fingers were missing. I gripped my revolver quick as lightning, and raising it with an inarticulate cry of rage, I fired. A loud reverberating report rang out, followed by a shrill scream from Lindsay, who sat up in bed with her hair falling around her in wild disorder, and that painful look of horror in her eyes, whilst the figure realed several steps, and then fell with a dull thud on the floor. Mrs. Bond, terrified nearly out of her senses, sprang from her chair with another piercing scream. By this time I was at the bedside with my arms around Lindsay, soothing her with tender, loving words and passionate burning kisses, as she clung to me convulsively. The butler and several other menservants, followed by a crowd of frightened females, rushed into the room, and there on the floor was a dark red blot discolouring the carpet, and by its aide lay the spectre of Durant Castle. With angry threats the men tore away the flowing white garments in which it was wrapped and revealed the pale face of Evan Jones. "Why its Mr. Jones." they cried in surprise. Lindsay shuddered at the deathlike expression of the ghastly face. "He is not dead, is he, Dennis?" she asked tremblingly. "No, darling, only winged. I'll see to him," handing her over reluctantly to Mrs. Bond. I found on examination that I had only embedded a bullet in Jones' shoulder, and soon restored him to consciousness again. 'Hallo, so the game's up," be cried. " Nevsr mind, I've had my fling. Fifty thousand pounds of your money gone, Lindsay," he cried, with a hoarse laugh. "How did you get into the room?" I asked, sternly. "Secret door in that corner of the fire- place," was his reply, and on examination I found this to be true. Lindsay, on condition that Jones left England at once and for ever, promised not to prosecute him, and Jones, evidently surprised at this clemency, gladly jumped at the offer. I saw him safely on board an Australian-bound steamer, and just as they were on the point of starting, I pressed into his hand a bank note for one hundred pounds which Linn say had given me for him. "She hopes you fAll try to lead a better, nobler life now, Jones," I said, as I got on the tender which was to convey me ashore. The tears slowly gathered in his eyes, as he ' whispered huskily, "God bless her. She's an angel of goodness, and that was the last I saw of Evan Jones. Three days later, as I stood in the drawing-room at the Castle waiting for the dogcart to come to convey me to the station, (for I was once more returningto Sydenham,) the door opened, and Miss Lindsay came in, a slight flush on her cheeks. "Oh, I oeg your pardon, Dr. Brabazon, I thought Mrs. Bond was here," she faultered, retreating with the evident intention of avoiding me; but I was too quick for her, and standing with my back against the door, faced the pretty little rebel— "Lindsay," I said softly, "I am going away. What have you to say to me?" The violet eyes were shyly downcast, and the rich colour flooded her face. "Come sweetheart," said I, gently, holding out my arms. She raised her face then, with such a glory of love shining from her dear eyes, that I uttered a low cry of delight as I folded her closely to my throbbing hekit. "Say that you love me, Lindsay," I whispered. She slipped one soft bare arm around my neck, and laid her cheek to mine—" Dennis, dear, I love you! I love you! ifow could I help loving you when you were so good to me, when you saved my life, and when you for ever laid the Spectre of Durant Castle." THE END.

THE DOUBLE LIFE: OR, THE HAMPTON MYSTERY. By the Author of "DABIEWOOD. CHAPTER XLVII. THE FATHER AND THE LOVER. Such is the use and noble end of friendship, To bear a part in every storm of fate, And, by dividing, make the lighter weight. HIGGONH. If her enemy had been keen and swift in hig pursuit of Giralda, her lover had been no less keen and earnest. He had not known of her flight from Trevelyan Park until the next morning, when he had called, at the hour he had appointed, on his way to Lon- don. He had happened to arrive in one of Lord Tre- velyan's brief seasons of rest during his search, and the marquis, with haggard eyes, told him the story of the preceding evening's events; declaring that he had already thoroughly searched the neigh- bourhood, and that it was his opinion that Giralda had sought her mother in London, or her father at The Evergreens. "At any rate," said Lord Trevelyan, "I am sure that Pumpton is with her, and that she is safe. I will find her, if I have to hire a detective to search for her. lam going up to London." Lord Grosvenor made no attempt to combat this resolution, although, having more light on the subject of Giralda's family, he did not for an in. , stant believe that Giralda had gone to London. He had told her that The Evergreens was deserted, and she was not likely to go there. She would not, of course, imperil the Lady Beatrice by going to her. He decided in his own mind that Punipton had taken her to some secluded place where she would be safe from pursuit, and that he should hear from her at the earliest opportunity. "I should like you to let me know if you hear from her," said the marquis, in a troubled voice. "Of course all is over between you and he, Gros- venor. You will never link your name to that of the daughter of Geoffrey Trevelyan—" "And why not ? " interrupted Grosvenor, with flashing eyes. "I love her, and she loves me. As to her father, my lord, he is the noblest, the purest, the most injured of men. One of these days you will know the truth—that you have foully wronged one of the truest souls God ever made. It will be a terrible hour for you when the truth comes out." "The secret of Giralda's parentage, then, IS not new to you this morning ? " Lord Grosvenor replied in the negative. "Giralda told me all her story on the night I rescued her from the bluff cottage," he said. "She never knew that her father was Geoffrey Trevelyan . until you took her up to London. It was some strange providence that guided her to you, that made her love you. Her parents would sooner have suffered her to enter the den of a lion than enter your house." Lord Trevelyan's face paled, and his lip quiv- ered. "I think Giralda really loved me," he mur- mured. "Loved you, my lord! She never tired of sounding your praises. Her love for you was genuine, and she dreaded nothing more than being sent from you." The marquis averted his face. "You have seen him ? " he asked, after a brief space, in an altered voice—" Geoffrey ? " "I have seen him." There was another silence. Lord Trevelyan leaned more heavily on his staff, and continued to avert his face. "How does he look ?" he asked at length, huskily. "What does he say of me ?" "He looks older, and changed, of course, from the boy you knew, my lord. He looks like a true- hearted, pure-souled man. He said nothing of you." The marquis sighed heavily. "Giralda is not his only child!" he questioned, still in that husky voice. "She is not. Mr. Trevelyan has two sons. The younger is a fair-faced, golden-haired little fellow, who will make a poet some day," said Lord Grosvenor, pitying the lonely and misguided old marquis from his soul, and being willing to im- part the knowledge which he knew the vindictive old nobleman longed and thirsted to hear. "He ii a boy to love and cherish." "And the elder ? " "He is one to be proud of, my lord., He must be nearly fifteen, tall for his years, brave, manly, and spirited. He has your black eyes, your hair, your complexion. He is a true Trevelyan." "He looks like me!" and the marquis's voice fluttered with surprise. "Strange! What do they call him ? " "Rupert—Walter Rupert" "My name !" muttered the old lord, under his breath. "They have given their boy my name!" "And that fact alone proves Geoffrey Trevelyan's innocence !" cried Giralda's lover. "If he had been guilty he would not have named his son for you, when every utterance of the name must have ' brought back the memory of his attempted crime. Lord Trevelyan, you have been wronged and deceived most greviously, but the man who has wronged and deceived you is Lord Adlowe, and not Geoffrey Trevelyan." The marquis shook his head obstinately, reso- lutely conquering the softening emotions Lord Grosvenor had aroused. "Geoffrey has won an able advocate in you, my lord," he said, his voice gathering strength and harshness. "He has successfully imposed upon you. He cannot impose on me. I am made of sterner stuff. But if Giralda will return to me I will forbear to prosecnte him. I will promise no- thing, further. To forgive him would be impos- sible. ' Lord Grosvenor did not prolong the conversa- tion. He decided to defer his visit to town, and to engage in the search for Giralda, less because he feared she had not found safe refuge, than be- cause he feared Adlowe might trace her and molest her. From one of the park servants he found out the addresses of Plimpton's relatives, and those of the friends she was most in the habit of visiting, and during the day he called upon them, but of course without success. In the evening he returned to the Eyrie, half ex- pecting .to find a letter there from Giralda, but in this he was disappointed. At daybreak he was in the saddle again. This was the morning on which Lord Adlowe encountered Mrs. Plimpton, as she was coming out of the little town of Dalton, and it was on the even- ing of this day that Adlowe effected his recapture of Giralda and Fay. The day was passed by Lord Grosvenor in fruit. less search, and at evening he returned home only to be disappointed anew in his hope of a letter or message from his betrothed. On the third morning—that on which Giralda and Fay were brought to the lonely house near Pencoed, and on which also the Lady Beatrice re- ceived her daughter's letter and the exciting visits, the events connected with which we have recorded —Lord Grosvenor rode over to Trevelyan Park, which on the previous day he had avoided. He was anxious to learn if the marquis or Lord Ad- lowe had obtained news of Giralda. He learned from the butler that Lord Trevelyan had gone to town, and that Lord Adlowe had not been at the Park since the night of Giralda's dis- appearance, although his man Wigby had been there once or twice. •

Mrs. Pumpton had not returned. Tired with her long journey, and being overtaken by the mist, the worthy woman had halted over night at the house of a friend, and she arrived home about an hour after Lord Grosvenor had departed. This third day was a repetition of the two pre- ceding, and about sunset the young lord returned to the Eyrie, discouraged and disheartened, strange fears and forebodings struggling in his breast. " Adlowe must have captured her," he thought, despondently. "If she were free, she must have Written to me." He sat down in the pretty oriel parlour to which he had conducted Giralda on the night of her rescue from the bluff cottage, and stirred the fire. The rays of the declining sun came straggling in at the west window, warm and red, bringing the promise of a fine morrow. "'Where is she, my poor darling ?" he asked him- self, his noble young face glooming. "Oh I for some tidings of her I" • As if hi. Drayer had been heard, Mrs. Latten. the tousexeeper, entered at true juncture, nringmg a /otter. "It came this morning, directly after you went gut, my lord," she said. The young lord seized the letter, his heart tell- ing him who Was the writer. He waited a moment until the housekeeper had withdrawn, his eyes meanwhile devouring the delicate characters com- posing the address, and then he tore open the mis- sive. It proved, of course, to be from Giralda. It gave him her address, and assured him of her safety. After all his anxieties this letter had brought bim a great joy. Ee kissed it with all a lover's

rapture, his bright tears leil on it, and over it he murmured a host of tender words which, if Giralda had heard them, would have set her youdg nears throbbing. "1 shall set out by the first train in the morn- ing," he said. "I shall be in 1.).it0.11 with Giralda by noon.' He was longing impatiently for the morrow, when Mrs. Latten again entered, this time an- nouncing the arrival of visitors. "Visitors !" exclaimed her young master, in sur- prise ; and his thoughts immediately reverted to Giralda. "It is not a young lady, Mrs. Latttn— the young lady I brought here from the bluff cottage ?"

"No, my lord. It is an old gentleman, with a youug lad." Lord Grosvenor's face expressed disappointment. "Show them in I" he said.

He put away his letttr, and in a moment later the visitors were ushered in, Mrs. Latteu imme- diately withdrawing. The younger of the two visitors the young lord recognised at once as Gira.ida's brother Rupert. He hastened to meet him with outstretched hand, aud with words and looks of welcome.

Rupert's companion was a gentleman of appar- ently advance(' years. He wore spectacles and a His figure was tall and stout. and he leaned heavily upon a staff. He looked many years older than the " Professor " who had called on the Lady Beatrice Hampton, and the character of his looks was entirely different. Lord Grosvenor having greeted Rupert, turned his glances upon the lad's companion. "You don't recognise me, my lord ? " inquired the gentleman feebly, in a cracked voice. '1 do not sir," replied Grosvenor, politely, "but you are none the less welcome at the Eyrie. Any friend of—of Rupert, is my friend." The gentleman removed his spectacles, straight- ; ened his bent figure, and looked at Grosvenor with the wide, honest, truthful blue eyes he at once recognised. "Geoffrey Trevelyan ! " cried Paul in astonish- ment, ::rasping his visitor's hands. "This is a great pleasure, the more so for being so unexpected. What a clever disguise 1 I did not dream of ita being you!" "You thought us safely hidden at your secluded country-place, my lord," said Trevelyan, in his natural tones. "I believed that we were tracked there, and Rupert and I stole off to London where I effected my present disguise. We came here by a circuitous route, and I believe we have quite thrown off any pursuit." The young lord wheeled an easy chair to the fire and pressed Mr. Trevelyan to occupy it. "We have discovered Fay's whereabouts," said Trevelyan, as he leaned back on the cushions with a delicious sense of restfulness. "He is with Giralda." "Yes, I know," declared Grosvenor. "I have just received a letter from Giralda !" _ _

He exhibited it to his guest, who read and re- turned it.

"How did you learn of Fay's safety?" asked Grosvenor, restoring the letter to his breast- pocket. "I was at Hampton House yesterday," was the reply. "The Lady Beatrice had just received a letter from Giralda." The young lord cast a quick glance at Rupert, 'Who had seated himself on a couch, and was star- ing thoughtfully into the fire. The lad had changed of late. His face had grown grave and thoughtful, but it wore a cheerful expres- sion. His dark eyes, Grosvenor noticed, were full of a loving tenderness whenever he looked at his father, and his manner toward Trevelyan was ten- derly reverential and respectful. • One thing was certain. Geoffrey Trevelyan had found in his young son a friend who would stand by him, who would believe in him, who would love him, whatever might befall. Trevelyan intercepted Grosvenor's glance, and a fond, proud smile curved his melancholy lips. "Rupert knows all, Paul," he said, looking lov- ingly at his son. "I have told him the whole story. He is very anxious to become my defender, but I can rely on his prudence and discretion. You may speak freely before him." "Did you say you were at Hampton House ? " asked Grosvenor, in surprise. "Yes, I called there, disguised as a music- master. I had a long interview with the Lady Beatrice, and, on leaving her, I encountered in the hall Lord Hampton, my uncle, and a detective, the same Adlowe had employed. I had eyes only for Lord Trevelyan. How he has changed in eighteen 'ears!" And Trevelyan's face clouded. "He had no suspicion of your identity?" "I think not, Paul. Yet he stared at me as if fascinated. I fear I returned his gaze wtth in- terest. At sight of him a thousand memories thronged upon me. I remembered all his many noble qualities, and forgot his faults. It needed but a word of recognition, but a kindly look, and I could have fallen on his neck like the prodigal of old.

Trevelyan shaded his face with his hand. Evi- dently those old memories and that early affection were at that moment asserting themselves in his soul. _ _ _

Rupert seemed to struggle between his love for his father and his hatred for his father's enemy. He was very much like Lord Trevelyan in his character and temperament, but he had been so carefully trained that he could never commit the errors which had marred the life of his great- uncle.

"Father," he said, his voice full of feeling, "I could never forgive Lord Trevelyan, if I were you, until he had got down on his knees to me. I've got too much of the Old Adam' in me to forgive a man who could be so ready to believe evil of me. He never could have rightly loved you if he was ready to believe things against you." "You forget, my boy, said Trevelyan, "that appearances were strongly against me—that, in fact, his lordship found me clutching the hilt of the dagger which was buried in his shoulder. You can- not blame him, then, for believing the evidence of his own senses." "But Ido father," said Rupert, stoutly. "He ought to have heeded your denials. He ought to have known you incapable of such a crime. He ought to have suspected that Lord Adlowe of hav- ing contrived a plot." Trevelyan smiled faintly. "If all people loved like you, my impetuous Rupert," he said, "we should never hear of jealous suspicions, and mischief-makers would lose hall their occupation." "About that detective?" asked Grosvenor, anx- iously. "Are you sure he did not follow you, Mr. Trevelyan ? " "He followed me from Hampton House, as I expected, on seeing him, that he would. I took a cab, and he took one. I went into a shop, and passed out at its rear end while he was watching Its front. He could not watch on both streets, you know. Then I entered an omnibus, and went miles out of my way. I did not go to my lodgings until long after dark, and I am sure I had thrown the detective completely off the track. I did not like to leave town by any of the railway stations, lest I should meet my enemy; so, before day- break, I procured a cab, and Rupert and I pro- ceeded to an out of town station, and booked our- selves for Newport. At Newport, we booked our- selves for Cardiff, and from Cardiff we came over in a boat, which I bought of a fisherman, and which is moored at the foot of your rock stairs. I sailed the boat myself." "No one, after all these precautions, can track you here," exclaimed Grosvenor smiling. "You must be hungry." He rang the bell for supper. It was soon brought in and placed upon the round table, and the three gathered around the cheerful board. It was now about twilight. Mrs. Latten drew the shutters, let fall the curtains. linhted wax candles for the table ana the swinging lamp over- head, stirred the Ere to a brighter blaze, and with- drew, leaving host and guests to themselves. Trevelyan under the pleasant influences his host brought to bear upon him' grew more hopeful. He explained that the Lady Beatrice was about to go to Hamptonwold, and that he should call upon her there as soon as he could do so safely. He also confessed his perplexity in regard to the future of Giralda, declaring that he thought seriously of taking her and the boys abroad. "Our happy little home is broken up," he said. "It seems almost impossible to form another at present, while we are so watched.' The young Lord Grosvenor seized the opportu nity of urging a speedy marriage between himself and Giralda, and his arguments in its favour were so full and convincing that Trevelyan yielded his assent, and promised to place the matter in a favourable light before the Lady Beatrice. "Giralda will never be safe frmn the persecu- tions of Adlowe until she is married," remarked Trevelyan. "I tremble now lest he should have got upon her track and be persecuting her in Dal- ton."

The same fear haunted the lover also, but he did not own it. He cheered the father in a dozen ways, planning hopefully a happy future when the secret marriage should he proclaimed, end the wrong made right; and finally he cmaiducced his guests to thaimunkxhicli 'edit:dud tml2 or. raid want

to bed to Cream of Ills own promised happi- ness. The next morning, leaving Trevelyan and Rupert at the Eyrie, he set off for Dalton, by way of Car- diff.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
CHAPTER Ir.

I urn confess that it was a strange household, and one that required some acumen to understand. I had been an inhabitant of Durant Castle six weeks, and during those six weeks had learned news that made my position one of the greatest delicacy The information which Miss Lindsay Durant so solemnly gave on the day of my arrival, I treated at first witii ridicule, and brougut to bear upon the subject the glarish light of healthy criticism and unbelief. But since then my views had changed considerably, and I was inclined to think that some grave mystery was connected with Durant Castle.

Part of the news that I heard was to the effect that if Miss Lindsay died before reaching the age of twenty-one, the whole her immense fortune and property went to Evan Jones, who, it seemed, had been Mr. Durant's steward, and on his death was appointed Miss Lindsay's guardian. Another item of news told to me by Miss Durant herself was that Evan Jones had proposed marriage to her, and had been refused. The spectre had not been seen since my arrival, and under the influences of fresh company, Miss Lindsay soon regained some of her lost spirits. We had become great friends, the feeling on my side fast developing into a passionate absorbing love. Evan Jones was often .away from the castle on business connected with the estate, and sometimes did not return for a couple of days or so. He and I did not get on very well together; there was something shifty and wavering in his manner which did not favourably impress me, and his persistence in speaking of Miss Durant as .mad, aroused my suspicions. It was the evening of the 15th of February, 1883, Jones had been away from the castle since the pre- ceding morning on business, and was not expected home for a couple of dap, consequently, Lindsay and I were alone in the great drawing-room— except for Mrs. Bond, who, .good soul, went to sleep in a great arm chair before the fire directly after dinner. Miss Lindsay was at the piano, on which the candles were lit, their rose-coloured shades casting a soft glow over her lovely face. As • I watched her from my comfortable seat with half- closed eyes, I saw her glance towards me once or twice, and then evidently thinking that I, too, was asleep, she ceased playing, and, with her hands clasped loosely before her, came over to the fire. There was a look in the dusky, violet eyes when they rested on my face that caused my heart to beat fast with a delirious joy. Could it be that she was learning to care for sue? When we said " good- night" I ventured to press my Bps to the slender hand that lay so confidingly in 'nine, and the shy, startled look amply repaid me. I sat long over the glowing embers in my grate that evening, and must have dozed away, for I was aroused by a terrified scream from the direction of Miss Durant's room. Mrs. Bond, in dressing-gown and slippers, together with several other shivering domestics, was on the landing when I rushed out, I tried the door handle of Miss Durant'a room, only to find that it was fast. "Miss Lindsay, pray open the doer," I cried, and had the satisfaction of hearing the key turned in the lock. Flinging it open I sprang into the room, i in which a lamp was dimly burning. bliss Durant, in a crimson dressing-gown, from underneath which her pretty bare feet peeped white as snow-flakes, stood with her hand on the chimney-piece for sup- port, and such a dazed look of horror in her eyes that I involuntarily sprang to her side, said put my around her waist to prevent her falling. Mrs. Bond and the servants crowded in and attended to Miss Lindsay's maid, who had been sleeping with her mistress, and had fainted. "Miss Lindsay,' I said softly, "what startled you dear?" She lifted her eyes to my face full of that over- powering horror, and gradually they filled with tears that made them look like violets tipped with dew. "Oh I Denis," she whispered, my name falling from her lips so sweetly that I tightened my hold of the slender waist, "I have seen it again. It wrote five more days,'" she added, with a shudder. "Five more days, did it?" I answered grimly. "Then I, as your medical attendant, together with Mrs. Bond, will stay in this room until after the 21st of February, and if his ghostship appears whilst lam here thar'll be a file,' as Artcmus Ward said." -

A faint smile crossed the little April face so neur my own, and she nestled closer to my side, her silky hair brushing my face, as Mrs. Bond came fussing over to us. I impressed upon both her and Miss Lindsay the absolute necessity for keeping secret the fact that I intended to stay in the room at) night-time, and leaving the wornemolk together tur the rest of the night, I went back to my own rooms, and making up an immense tire thought out the whole affair.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOW THIS TO SOME WOMAN.

Thr, Royal Laundresses say Critchley's " STARCH GLO- is unequalled for imparting a beautifnl finish to starcheo linen, &c., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr. —, Corn- wall, says :—" My wife will not finish our linen without your I will send a valuable. instructive, and highly interesting "Starch Gloss." From Mrs.—, Bradford:— "Dear sir,— book which every woman would be glad to have lam pleased to inform you that I have tried many so-called Contains important and confidential advice and tells both Starch Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours," It married and single how to keep healthy and avoid the should be used in every house. Sold at id. , 3d., and 6d., by anxieties so d!stressing to the sex. Sent tree, securely ealed, for one stamp to cover postage. A most starch sellers. If not in stock will procure it. .C. CRITCaLET, BlAckbura. l'‘oprietor.-4d7t. ADDREss : Protessor E. LASALLE. 17, Eastbourne Terrace kacktington, London. W.

r

===== 0002601_18941229_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
liV*l‘h

• -.4•4!•••• •• , - •!.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0014.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_18941229_art0015.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_

.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0016.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
',llrnlreew

===== 0002601_18941229_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
(To be continued).

UONSOLATION. —•' I snail We nappy," saut at. expiring husband to his wife, who was weeping dutifully at his bedside, "if you will promise not to marry that object of my unceasing jealousy, your cousin Charles." " Make yourself quite easy, Jo , e," said the expectant widow; "I am eng_ged to his brother."

A CHEMIST, expatiating on the discoveries in chemical science, observed that snow had been found to posse.s a considerable amount of heat. An Irishman was present (he always is on such occasions), and observed that " truly chemistry was a valuable science," and inquired of the orator what number of snowballs would be sufficient to boil a tea. kettle.

A CHARITABLE man wrote to a newspaper anon* the duty of helping the poor who ask for aid, and wound up by saying, "If you can give no- thing else you can at least give the applicant a little kindly word." The printer made it a little kindling wood," and like Shakespeare, "he build- ed better than he knew."

===== 0002601_18941229_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
HEN RIK IBSEN.

The Norwegian dramatist has probably elicited more hostile criticism than any artist since Wagner, with whom, however, he is in no other sense to be compared.. Whatever fault may be found with his plays of modern lite on ethical or esthetic grounds no one who is familiar with his Brand and Peer Gynt, not to speak of his Em- peror and Galilean or of his other historic dramas, can deny that he is a great poet, nor will any fair-minded critic contend thar he is not a great satirist. Equally must his intimate knowledge of stage craft be admitted. This was acquired as director, first of the theatre at Bergen (1852-57), and then of the National Theatre, Christiania. Dr. Ibsen, who was born at Skien in 1828, has had more than the ordinary share of poverty and neglect, even in the case of innovators. But for years past he has had a large following in all parts of Europe, and even those who dislike his tone and methods to> much to give him a hearing, have perforce to read him. To one ot his ironic turn of mind the irreconcilable meanings that have been read into his productions must be highly amusing. What if the Tendenz theories of his pieces are all alike wrong?

===== 0002601_18941229_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
CHASED BY INDIANS.

• The Indians, in their ideas about their property in hunting-grounds, particularly detest through routes of the white men's communication. The telegraph and railway follow the wagon roads and express messengers' traeks,and all conduce to preventing the great periodi- cal migrations of game north and south. Hence the Pony Express Service was always menaced by them, no mat- ter what their tribe,and often were its riders attacked. "lhey had little chance of escape, except by running the gauntlet, es the Indians rarely fall on a fleet rider except when they can surround him with an over- whelming force. A party of them had stormed a mail-station and murdered the postmaster. They went into ambuscade at a little distance by Horse Creek. Thanks to a miracle, Bill Cody rode through them al- most before he knew ke was waylaid, and he little feared their chase until he observed that two of them were gaining on him, and dropping the others. A Pony Express rider is dressed as compactly as possible, and Iris nothing to aivest himself of to lessen weight, so that all the young man could do was to use whip and spur on his horse. But the two " reds " had large horses, such as are called " Americans," in con- tra-distinction to the under-sized native mustangs or ponies. One of the twain soon forged ahead of the other, showing that his horse, a roan, was much superior to the second, for he was not forcing it. Meanwhile Cody's bad become shaky, and, as it would never do to fall with it, "the trouble" had to be settled at once. Be stopped abruptly, wheeled, and fired with his ready revolver on this red man, who seemed by his feathers to be s chief. He was killed outright, before he could stir a finger. The horse threw him off, and Billy caught at the rein. To mount an fly were an easy matter; but the mails on his saddle were dearer than life. He alighted, and was hastily making the transfer, when the second savage dashed up and knocked off the rider's cap with a bullet. The pony-rider's two horses kept his hands full,but his own failing steed served him as a target to a second ball, which removed him out of his way. With two revolver-shots the second India* received his quietus. But now the other red-skins appeared in view. Cody cut the girths and took away his saddle upon the roan, and raced thence before the shots could reach him. At the station he did not find the shelter he expected. for the postmaster had been killed as already stated ; and so he had to keep on in his flight. Be arrived at no point of safety until Plontz Station, where be came in ahead of time—a troop of scalp-taking savages at one's rear forming the sharpest of goads l—" The World of Adventure."

"TOBACCONISTS commencing" (lid. guide (29 pages 3d TOB ACCONISTS' Co.-186, Euston-toad,London. mnaager, Hr. MYERS Est. 1866.

THE PLAGUE OF LIFE

A " Little Cough," THE HUIN OF HEALTH:

A " Little Cough. THE FORERUNNER OF DEATH: A "Little Cough." Which may be CURED now by the IMMEDIATE USE ol LUNG RESTlOießgiE.tell HALL'S FOR INFLUENZA red AND ALL CHEST

UNG AND THROAT J RESTORER COMPLAINTS. Never Fails. It POSSESSES THE POWBR

LUG to SOOTHE, RELIETE arta REAL, which exists in no. RESTORER other preparation. Fon COUGHS LUNG RESTORER on COLDS- Never Pails. It NEVER FAIL 9 to GIVI3 INSTANT RELIEF. Lu" RESTORER THE FIRST DOSE IS A SOOTHING PRE, LUN G LUDE TO THE CURE. RESTORER INDUCES SLEEP Calm and Refreshing. LUNG DOES NOT CONTAIN RESTORER. LAUDANUM, OPIUM, or Never Fails MORPHIA. I_ JUNG FOR WHOC.?ING RESTORER CUUGH,

j-- UNG IT ACTS LIKE A CHARM. -4 RESTORER Children like it. Never Fails. ONE 1 92D. 1 BOTTLE. e.) HALL'S LUN‘iRESTO HER PROVES ITS VALUE. Registered . ESTABLISHED 40 YEARS. GIVES INSTANT NEVER NEVER RELIEF. FAILS. FAiLS.

,EXTRACT FROM LETTER OF WITNESS BEARER:— Mrs. M. A. Smith, Orphan Home for Girls. Croydon. To Mr. Tilos. DEau SLR, —I am pleased to testify to the great benefit derived from the use of your LUNG RESTORER, which I have given to s.veral children in my Horne—in two cases particularly its effects were marvel- lous, having cured most obstinate Coughs. I shall be pleased to recommend it to all my friends."

CAUTION.—When yo, ask. Ask for a Bottle of HALL'S LUNG RESTORER, (11 be persuaded to accept anything else. Upon the outsia i tpoer of every genuine Bottle appears my Trade Mark (me figure of HOPE) and Signature. Beware of fraudulent imitations and innovations.

Sold by Chemists ard Stores everywhere, in Bottles, le. ltd. and 2s. 9d. Should there be any difficulty in obtaining, it will be sent carriage paid, on receipt of P. 0.0. for the amount from TFLO.. HALL, 24, Queen Victoria- sweet, Loudon, N.C.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
'2 “. • ; ,gt, —?,2, ,„ , „sc., ! ;

• 4,]

===== 0002601_18941229_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
• 4,-.?,•-••=•!,,i; /-,

===== 0002601_18941229_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
,4

"CAPITA GIIAT.

On Saturday afternoon, one Of the great father .of the co-operative mo‘ ement, Mr. E. T. Craig, was laid to his rest, in Hamm-I.:A:lit-1i Cemetery, in the presence of a numb,,r of own w:.11 known to the co-operative world, lie spent his life in pro- moting and pushing the co-operative principle. but he lived to see it in many ca,-es degrir led into Common huckstering and ordinary shop-keeping while parading before the wor1:1 the false plumes -of co-operative indisstry. ills life from his cradle to his grave almost, covers the whole century ; his active career on behalt of co-operation covers at, least 60 Or 70 years. lie was of Nianche,4er origin, and laboured for a time in Lancashire a: a writer and worker on behalf of the cause to which he was •devoting his energies and he must have witnessed With sorrow in his latter years how capitalist firms, With no love of the object he pursued, exploited ,Co-operation and produced so many travesries of the principle that only a trained student of co- •operative economies could disentangle the false from the true profit-sharing.

The news of Lord R. Churchill's collnipse has come more quickly on the back of my announcement of a few day ago than I anticipated. There is no doubt that a brilliant public career has been brought to an end ; a career which, with health and discretion, would have ended in the course of time in the attainment of the Premiership. When be and Mr. Balfour and their two or three colleagues at below the gangway as the Fourth Party, which • excited much jeering amusemrnt among politicians on both sides of the house, Lord Randolph held the lead, not only as the originator of the party, but as the most daring, inventive, and eloquent of the little group. Mr. Balfour did not then suggest that be would develop the fine parliamentary powers .which he has since shown himself to possess, and he has never, even to the present moment, so touched the sympathies and admiration of thjo de- democracy as Lord Randolph did in the height of his vigour. Lord Randolph's decline began with his quarrel with his colleagues in the Cabinet, his -resignation,and his long period of sulking in silence behind the Treasury Bench. While his old col- leagues were struggling with the Opposition he dropped out of public sight; and when he threw himself once more into the battle the disease which has now reached an acute stage had ruined his constitution, and Democratic Toryism was left with a few paltry •akirmishers, but without a chief.

There is something pathetic in the fact that dur- ing the next session he will be paired with Mr. Gladstone, his old protagonist. The two have fought many a doughty battle in the parliamen- tary arena and on the platform, but they were both warriors of chivalrous mould, and they fought with the courtesy of high-souled knights. In all the wind and fury ot Mr. Gladstone's eloquent passion, no unparliamentaiy discourtesy of expression ever -crossed his lips. Lord Randolph aimed at the same bigh strain of Parliamentary propriety. When he was in the full pos,ession of his strength,his mind was terser than Mr. Gladstone's*, his tongue more biting, and he was gifted with an incisive faculty of invective which was not part of Mr. Gladstone's mental equipment, for Mr. Gladstone's invective, when he wielded it, was rhetorical and not incisive, But a singular respect for each other was always shown by these two great debaters. It was the respect which one brave and skilful combatant bears for another. I am, of course, speaking -of some years ago, for latterly Lord Randolph's blows have been both aimless and feeble.

Lord Russell, who was a member of the Reporters' Gallery before he had a seat in the House of Com- mons, is not unmindful of the reasonableness of making the conditions under which newspoper men do their work as pleasant as possible. For years past the reporters in the Lord. Chief Justice's Court have laboured under the greatest difficulties, owing to the fact that the witness-box was removed from its original position near their allotted seats to the other side of the Court. In response to representa tions on the subject, the Lord Chief Justice has informed a deputation that the witness-box shell be restored to its old position, and he has directed 80020 Other necessary alterations to be made which will greatly conduce to the comfort of those who have to record the proceedings in Court. Now that the head of the division has set the example, there is little doubt that the lot of the reporters in other Queen's Courts will be made more agreeable than hitherto.

in the Tate spring or early summer of next year &small but well-equipped expedition will. I learn, leave England for the purpose of exploring the interior of Nova Zembla. the object being to collect the fullest possible information relative to the geography, geology, botany, and natural history of the islands. I believe that there will only be four members of the expedition, but each man will he thoroughly competent to undertake some special branch of investigation. Two of the m?mbers of the party are medical men, one of whom is organis- ing the expedition, and will have control of the general management and look specially after the zoology department. The other medical man has acted as surgeon on board whaling ves.els. and has consequently considerable experience in Arctic life. To him the botany of the country will be entrusted. The other two members of the expedition are a retired officer of the Royal Navy, and an artist who has travelled widely. The former is a thoroughly Competent nautical astronomer and geologist. It will thus go hard with the party if they do not succeed in collecting sufficient material to add greatly to our knowledge of this Antic land, the shores of which are fairly well known, though the interior is for the most part a erra incognita.

Although Madame Sarah Grand has not, been a prolific writer of books,it is probable that the books Bhe has written have taken much nerve power out of her and been a severe tax upon her energies. It is with regret, therefore, I hear that her health has given way, and that she is compelled to alvindon for a time her literary work. She will seek recupera- tion in the more genial climate of the south of Spain,where she will escape the cutting east winds of the English spring. She will take with her the best wishes of all readers of her works, whether they are sympathisers with the new movement, or not. Beginning her literary life with the greatest modesty, she has been forced into prominence by her own genins,and it is to be hoped that a woman of her originality and power will yet produce many works which will enrich English literature.

I donor. know whether it is correctly stated that the representative of an important. firm in the United States is coming here for the purpose of introducing the three hundred feet high buildings 'which are such a prominent. feature in Chicago. But if so, the County. Council will assuredly claim to have a voice in the matter. There is the stronges possible feeling against buildings of the kind,which abut out both the light and the air, and the gentle- man from America is more likely than not to recross the Atlantic with his mission unfulfilled.

The energy with which the Japanese are striving to extend their foreign trade is not less than that which they throw into their military operations. They now have consuls everywhere. Their grent. t3overnment steamship line has gradually extendad frum the Japanese ports to those of Corea and China, to Hong Kong and Singapore, and quite re- cently to Bombay. The main object of this Bombny extension is to convey the cheap Indian raw'cotton to the Japanese mills, and to take a share also in the carriage of lndinn cotton goods to Chinn. In pnrsuance of this plan for extending the trade of Japan with Jndia, a Japanese consul has been ap- pointed to Bombay, and a branch of the Yokohama Specie Bank has been opened there. The new Con- sul is Mr. Daid,lro Goh, who has been for seven years in the Japanese consulate in London, and who is one of the shining lights of the Japan Society. He thinks that the great aim of Japanese spinning mills at present is to supply the home demand, and that, in spite of the progress of the industry in Japan in recent years, it will be long before they will be able to do it. Abundance of raw cotton grown in Japan is wholly insufficient for the half million spindles now at work. Hence the new steamship line, which will also pid in carry- ing Japanese coal throughout the east.

WOMEN AND WOMEN ONLY are most competent to fully appreciate the purity, swtetness, end delicacy o! CUTICUBA SOAP, and to discover new uses Lir it daily. In the preparation of curative washes. solution,. etc. ,for annoying irritations, chafings, and excoriat.os of the skin and mucous membrane, or too free or ~ffensive perapiration, it: has preyed inost grateful. Like _all otallak f the CcTicurta preparations, CIITICUIIA SOAP ap- peals to the refined snd cultivated everywhere, and is beyond all comparison the most effective i•kin-putifs ing and beautifying, soap, as well as the purest and sweetest for toilet and nursery.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER

MT DEAREST NELLIE,

There has not been muoh need up to the present for furs and thick outdoor clothing, but you will not be far wrong in purchasing at once. 1 suppose the general "awfulness" of the summer has made people ready for all sorts of weather. Certain it is that lots of furs are being sold. Small fur oollarettes will probably be worn throughout the winter, and you cannot do better than get one in either sable or skunk. I should advise you to avoid one with either head or paws; a tail each end is the nicest finish. The newest collarettes are longer than those waioh have been worn dur- ing the early winter, being indeed, short, fiat boas. Little tepee are now made entirely of fur. A pretty one is made of light sable, and has a huge erect bow of old-pink velvet at the left side, and two lappets of cream lace falling on the hair at the back. THIII-0' Slantere in fox, and in caracole and astrachan, are also seen ; in each ease only decorated with a bookie and quill at o e side. In regard to clanks, sable, if you can afford it, or sealskin are qu'he the right materials. If you intend buying the former material, now is the right time to do so, for I hear that there is a great depreciation in the value cf sealskin. Chinchilla is to the fore again, and is seen on jackets and capes of darker for. Oa sealskin and caracole, a chinchilla collar and revere form a trimming, but this, in my opinion, is not nearly so becoming as a darker fur. S:noke fox is a popular favourite, and is al excellent match to the smoke-grey frieza coats which are one of this ti( aeon's latest productiocs. A I said a moment ago, sedibkin is the best thing for mantles. A good model of this kind is made of Alaska seal. skin. It droops nearly to the knees anu is a simple shape, with high turned-down collar. A square Polish cap of the same material, with a brush osprey, completes a very smart get-up.

No doubt you would like to know what Is being worn in the way of ball-dresses. The most popular material is, unquestionably, satin, and the embroideries which decorate this are positively wondrous. They are usually executed on a piece of satin or velvet, out into oonventional designs, and outlined with pearls or gold or coloured spangles. Pendant fringes are also very much in vogue, and it is quite usual to find points of em- broidery decorating either hip of a plain skirt. Chiffon is improved by infinitesimal sequins run all over it, and this makes a &arming bodice in the overhanging style, with braces of chiffon with kilted ends. The newest chiffon sleeves are formed of innumerable tucks run round by hand; but there is a tendency to curtail the sleeves. Russet-coloured cloth makes a very nioe dress for a girl of about 16. A girl of that age who was wearing a dress of that colour struck me as looking exceedingly smart. The costume was composed of a blouse and skirt. The former was full with wide sleeves, and was made of spot Surah, the tone being a poppy-russet. The skirt was of russet cloth, reaching to the ankles. It also forms a pointed bodice, edged with passementerie of guipure, leather-gilt, and poppy colour.

Hats are trimmed for the most part—the smaller ones, that is—with bows which cross the hat literally from side to side, and the trimmings are arranged in a formal style, which is so greatly in the interest of the home milliner, for some milli- nery house!) prepare these trimmings all ready to put on the hat, and the whole process resolves Itself into two or three firm stitches at the back and front. The large spreading hat of.the picture type, which is so extremely becoming on a tall figure, or to a piquant or youthful face, requires a more careless and graceful arrangement, but is by no means too difficult to be made at home. The wide flat type, with a low round crown, in felt, can be bought for a couple of shillings in the new colours. Common felts are, however, stiff and hcavy, and it is poor economy to purchase the cheaper makes, as the soft ones can be re•blooked, to a newer style, when they become old- fashioned, and they also retain their colour

to th the commoner ones fade quickly. But toques are what I should advise you to get. One in blue velvet has a border of black ostrich tips all the way round, and very handsome jet ornaments here and there, this being made in that wide shape so extremely popular just now. Yours lovingly, JENNIN.

OTT EYS N LABELLED STRONG FEMALE PILLS.

quickly and CertairCy remove all obstructions arising lyom any c•auee whatever. inyelnable tor marrical women. Poet free, under eover for 14, and 33 stamps. from -

THOMAS OTTEY, Chemist.. BURTON-ON.TRENT v:mse meniinn this paper MUCH BETTER THAN :STEEL AND PENNYROYAL

ore4r-1 '3 -'-i-`i-r,tA4s• ,::, tA-:kjt, *,...-• :VAV,,,...44, egf:: •-z,4,i'..=. '.?..tit , r,, ,' `;, ,', pi tol ..' . '..1, •,: :,..;‘,..- •• • ~,,,, /0\ ‘ ~ .: , I ' 'i ! • .4PP'" f."l.!:f:',i n , ... , ":„......... , '

, / V ';',:.,:•:. ,' lilt 1 ‘ri ', 1,1.,t' 47,111 1 L,Alf I 1 ?1-4C5 ..1•21/ i li t. I , 0I0 , ii f il'il: 0 fiil;! 4 ,1 1/49frillii lii ifi- 010°' / L

• - 42,, /(_:61`...r. -,.....--a—‘• • - --,., • -., .---N_ . - -A,i ' •-,.- ,d •57. x,-.:.----it. _.5,-,, ~._e- ~ .. .44 ••....-- ...-,--,•• p g f-;•-,-,. ..... _• ~... •L ) , --__7_ rtlrli,.-;_---_,.. (0=74-43its, ,„,..---. --,._. ', •#, ' -G-41, -- :. s•-•/ -; - - '11)11:- .4414(.0 --,... -0,,,,7--„ •, • --, _., • ~. . , :I; .:sii.-.-.,-.... To; .:t _,,.. . - /4- -N. 4."--", - "• • ert., \ '''''•'...- -------••=z4r ' ..' ' , • 0 i -4-Jr- -_,-* 6) ;=,,,,,1 •iipl,.' v $ ' 0 . • - ~ _ ".,,4,6•,*.i.y:_..3r,14-,:',;-1)1 t , ...7- ' ‹.',11:::44.•:-24,1'*;),',.., ~ . e., i ofe A ir ~..,,,,,,,,,..„,........ „,,,,....... . t ' / 1 le last, while

===== 0002601_18941229_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
'LH E E HINER, SATURDAY DECEMBER 29 1894.

Miss Lucy Boole, lecturer of chemistry at the Llridon ' School of 'genuine for IVomen,h is been electe.l of the his itut eof Chemistry. Miss Boole is the tir:t I.lady who has received this :!iStinution..: I s it twt. Swann has b olected by to SJtcie'7 of .:npiaries oh Scoatinl I.t,'y associat,. Miss Enrea tonis t niece of that veteran ant,cpary, die lit.e , Pr,le,sor Westwood, and is well-known or her writings his ritibm fonts.

Mk, Evelyn Millard has we-, f,ohiln which is hitlg ea!zi.riv imitated. In mio of acts rit " the 111a.---quer- mr s, IL; wears a govvii trimin,-41 row.d hr, low i•teCk

1 a oitrie.h foi, tr-T h a, ,ut into three, Ti whire cloudy effect hi most bnorning.

Ilut,litn,bai, the flindoo lady who successfully resisted the a,' enipt ti coerco her into carrying ont a marriage c,ni'rae,', an I whose case exciret much sympathy some yet r, has completed her course ot. stu,ty at the London School of Medicine for Women' taken her licence ot the S:..otch Colleges, and her M.D. Brux degree, and I).is reilrned to Bombay with the intention of practising medicine amongst her co-religionists there. Miss Wilhelmina Brodie Hall, of Ea.tbourne, in point of years of service, is one of the oldest lady- gu ,rdians in the kingdom. Site seeks re-election for the West Ward of Eastbourne, and the Duke of Devonshire is one of her proposers. Miss Hall is a prominent advocate of the hoarding-out system, and in dealing with the East- bourne children sent to Hayes, in Bent, she has the valued co-operation of Miss Akers. a sister of Mr. Akers Douglas, the chief Conservative whip. As an example of women's colrage a story of a brave school teacher comes trorn India. Miss Lucind Gore, of Lackharabad, was standing in hi r schoolhouse one day, when, turning round, she saw in the open doorway the glaring eyes of a tiger. She did not scream or faint, but seized a broom and drove it full in the tiger's face, brush foremost. Some of the bristles entered the tiger's eyes, and with a howl of pain he drew back to make a spring at her. Then she slammed the door in his face. The supports of the door were but stender, and would not resist the tiger's attacks long, but, while lie banged his head against it, she lowered one of her boys through the window to alarm the neighbours. Assistance soon arrived and the tiger was shot.

Why'Kitchen Boilers Explode. As the winter season is now fast approaching, this opportunity is taken of bringing forward the subject of ciiculating boiler explosions, a great number of which occur during the usual annual run of frosty weather. . . . These explosions included, amongst other types, saddle, annular, vertical,rectangular, and tubular boilers. The latter type, however, appears to favour explosion of a much greater extent than the others, no less than fourteen of the total number being constructed of tribes. 119ferring to the cause of thee disasters, they were, in nearly every case, brought about through lighting a fire in the boiler when the pipe: were choked with ice. This illustrates the importance of keeping a good fire burning in the apparatus during frosty weather. By so doing a continuous circulation of hot water is kept running through the whole range of pipes and fri:ezing of the water preventei to a great extent. In most of the above cases the heating apparatus had not ben working for sever il days before the frost appeared. On its arrival the circulating pipes became choked with ice, so that when a fire was lighted there was no outlet for the gradually accumulating pressure, the result being a terrift explosion.—" Work."

Sleep. A man who works hard must have plenty of rest, and, as a'rule, his sleep should be unbroken and undisturbed. The a •tuA number of hours' sleep taken and necessary hr persons in health varies within wide limits according to age, the soundness of the sleep itself, and individual rcculiarity. Most of us work during the day and sleep .at night ; but some people, from the nature of their occupations, are compelled to work at night and sleep during the day. Even to the rule that slemp should be ccntinuous and uninterrupted there are exceptions. Worry means broken rest at night, or unrefreshing sleep, and then the strain must be relaxed, or the health will give way. Infants often sleep twenty hours out of the twenty-four, and children, as a rule, require very much more sleep than adults. In persons from fifteen to twenty-five, eight hours' sleep are necesvary, but people in the prime of life de very well with seven hours rest, or even less. Some people of energetic tempera- ment get along very well with five hours' Sleep out of the twenty-four ; but this is exceptional. Under certain conditions, the amount of sleep taken may be excessive. In idiots and persons who are more or less demented, the greater part of the day may be passed in sleep. These people, when their simple wants are satisfied, dream away their time, and are oblivious of all that goes on around them. After a prolonged mental effort many notable people have been known to pass from twenty- four to thirty-six hours in bed ; and shop girls and others who are hard-worked during the week not infre- quently sleep the greater part of Sunday, not leaving their room until late in the evening, when they take a stroll, have supper, and then again retire to rest. There is a curious disease which occurs as an epidemic, and to which the term "sleeping sickness" has been applied. The somnolence may last from six to twelve months,and is often so intense that it is with difficulty the patient is aroused to take nourishment. The exact nature of the complaint has not been worked out, but it commonly terminates fatally.—" The Family Physician."

SERVANTS' CHARACTERS. A good housekeeper would never think of engaging a servant without a character, and she would want that reference from a genuine source, now we (The Homocea Co.)do not ask the British public tr 4 take us on our own statement but we publish testimonials such as no proprietor of Patient Medicines has ever received simply because no remedy has ever done the WORK of HOMOCEA, for it _ _

"TOUCHES THE SPOT." THE HON. Mrs. THOMPSON desires to testify the great value cf " Homocea" as a cure for Neuralgia, hay- ing received great benefit from using it; Mrs. Thompson therefore has great pleasure in strongly recommending it, and in allowing her testimony to be publically used. —Ackworth Moor Top,Pontefract. Hillside, Bracknell, Berks.

LADY KEANE has much pleasure in recommending " Homocea" as an invaluable remedy for Rheumatism, Cuts, Bruises, Piles, Sprains, Stc.; she thinks so highly of it that she would not be without it in the house, as it 14a5 entirely cured her of Rheumatism and other ail- ments.

The Rev. J. WILLIAM S. BUTCHER, 35, Park Road, Eist, Birkenhead, writes :—" I have great pleasure in complying with your request and in putting in writing what I have already said by word of month. I Was much inconvenienced by a very irritating specie of eczema. Several remedies that I have tried failed to give me more than a very temporary relief. I finally tried Flomocea,' with happiest results. The relief was almost instantaneous,and, what is more to the point, the soothing effect remained, and a complete cure resulted. —Yours truly, J. WILLIAM BUTCHER."

"Hoylake. Dear Sirs,—l want to thank you for that wonderful preparation, ' Homocea,' which we use for about everything ; but lately my little girl had a bad ringworm on the head, and my doctor said her hair would have to be cut close. But I preferred using the ' Homocea,' and in fur days it was quite well, and the doctor said I ought to give you a testimonial,and I think so too.—Y.mrs truly, M. ALDRED." All wholesale houses stock HOMOCEA. It can be ob- tained from Chemists and others at is. Lid. or 2s. 9d. per box, or will be sent by post for is. 3d. and 3s. from the wholesale agency, 27, Hamilton Square, Birken- head. Sold in the neighbourhood by J. R. YOUNG, SANKEY- STREET, WARRINGTON by the executors of the late ISAAC SPEAKMAN,;BnInGE-sTREET PHARMACY, RUN- CORN; J. H WESTON, DevoNsfrinE BUILDING. RUN- CORN ;S. STRINGFELLOW, I, COLLEGE-STREET. Sr. HELENS ; and by E. BOOTH, 5, CHESTER Munoz, CREWE.

SUCCESS OF A RUNCORN ENGINEER IN QUEENSLA D.

(C0:11:11UNICATED).

A public journalist always feels an interest in the well-doing of his old readers, and especially of such of them as may happen to have emigrated to -far off lands and there made for themselves distinguished and honoured reputations ; and the " Examiner," I am sure. is not an exception in this respect. I am convinced that it will be a pleasure to ,you to puruse and publish an illustration in point ; and as an old Cheshire journal- ist (attached to the " Chronicle " over a quarter of a century ago, under the editorship of Mr. Fred W. Mar- shall, (now the eminent Q.C., I am proud to see), I am glad to be the hand to supply it. The subject is Mr. A. Wilson Littler, head of the firm of Littler and Bruce, Fitzroy Foundry, Rockhampton, whose father was formerly and for 14 years manager of the dockyards belonging to the Bridgewater Navigation Company, Limited, at Runcorn, and is, I believe, occupied in a similar position in Runcorn at the present moment, under the Great Manchester Ship Canal Company. Mr. Wilson Littler served his apprenticeship in the Bridge- water Company's Works under his father, and after working a few years as a journeyman he resolved to come out to Australia. Arriving in Roe,khatnpton in 1883, soon after the British India Steam Navigation Company had commenced running their mail steamers through to Queensland, and made the harbour of Rock- ampton one of their principal ports of call, Mr. Littler saw at once that, although there existed already one large foundry in the chief city on the Fitzroy, there was room for another, although possibly, to establish it might prove a tough undertaking. But Mr. Littler had come out quite prepared to meet diffieulties—and, what was better, to fight and conquer them. Shortly after his arrival in 1883—only just eleven years ago—and I well remember the time—he entered into partnership with Mr. Lund, and commenced operations on a moder- ate scale at what has since expanded into the extensive Fitzroy Foundry, which, next to the great Meat Pre- serving Works of Lake's Creek that supplies France. China, and other foreign powers with meats for their armies—forms the most prominent land mark in Rock- hampton as you approach it from the ocean, and is a splendid s!te for the development of what will, I have little doubt, eventually swell out into a large ship- building business. In a short time Messrs. Lund and Littler (as the firm was originally known), finding their business increasing, took into partnership Mr. John Bruce, who had been for years in the employ of the Queensland Government as a marine engineer, and had always held the reputation of a first-class officer in the Marine Department. Later on Mr. Lund went out of the business, commencing "on his own hook" as a niechanical engineer in another part of the town.

About this time that wonderful golden rock, now justly celebrated among the wonders of the great mineral discoveries that have distinguished the Victorian Era—the Mount Morgan Gold Mine—disclosed its auri- ferous wealth, and began to pour out its marvellous stream of golden treasure. A great demand sprang up for mining machinery, and with considerable enterprise and foresight Messrs. Littler and Bruce went to work to add to their plant so that they might share in some of the good things that were likely soon to offer front the mining revival that had set in. Nor were they without their reward. Having been entrusted with the construc- tion of the chlorination plant for Mount Morgan, and turned out their contract to the complete satisfaction of the Company and in tt way that secured all the results anticipated from the chlorinating process of treating the ore, their fame extended over all Australia; orders came in from some of the principal gold fields on the continent, and for a fairly lengthened period Messrs. Littler and Bruce were kept going for more than full time an what ' may be called good renumerative work. They made money; and, wisely—as will be seen from what I am about to relate—they laid it out in expanding the pro- ductive capabilities of their foundry, thus aaain mani- festing the keen foresight which has distinguished them from the moment that the present firm was consolidated. About four months ago the directors of the Mount Morgan Company determined to make a large addition to their plant in the shape of three revolving furnaces for roasting the ore. They called for tenders. fixing the , the time for completion of the work within 14 weeks from the signing of the contract. Only two tenders were sent in—one by the old firm of Burnes and Twigg, and the other by Littler and Bruce. The figure asked by the , latter was between £BOO and £7OO higher than that submitted by the older firm, hut the time stipulated by them for the delivery of the furnares came within that fixed by the Company, whereas Burnes and Twiag wanted 28 weeks; and as the furnaces were urgently , needed, time WAS made the essence of the contract, and I theY higher priced tender of Littler and Bruce was accepted. To give you an idea of the vastness of the work I may mention that in the construction of the -furnaces fully 200 tons of iron were used, and that the number of the castings, varying from a few hundred- weights to between four and flve,tons, was nearly 300. Each of the three furnaces had to he 42ft. in length with a diameter of Tft. Sin, tapered to tift. 81n. ;and that each furnace had to be in eight sections, and the massive wheels or tyres on which they were to revolve bolted between the sections. When the contract was com- menced between 50 and 60 hands ware put on and kept at work night and day, the nature of the work prevent- ing anything like regular shifts being observed; indeed it was such a huge undertaking that few people, except the contractors themselves, had any hope of its success- ful completion within the stipulated time. The" Morning Bulletin," the leading journal of Cen- tral Queensland and which is not too favourably dis- posed towards Messrs. Littler and Bruce, writing on the 23rd instant (October) had the following notice of the completion of the work: " A considerable amount of in- terest has been taken in the contract entered into by Messrs. Littler and Bruce, of the Fitzroy Foundry, Rockhampton, with the Mount Morgan Gold Mining Company for the building of three revolving furnaces for roasting ore. The chief condition of the contract, it will be remembered, was time; and although the firm were paid a price largely in excess of what would have been paid for like work under ordinary circumstances, some curiosity was felt as to whether they would be able to carry through the undertaking. The work was of considerable magnitude; the material required for it was scarce both here and in the southern colonies; and the plant the firm possessed was nst equal to the com- pletion of such a contract in the time stipulated. But, notwithstanding all these disadvantages, Messrs. Littler and Bruce have virtually fulfilled their contract. Yester- day they should have delivered the last part of the job at the company's works: and all but about thirty tons— out of a total of about 200 tons—is already there, and the balance will be on the ground on Thursday. This balance of thirty tons was all loaded on the railway trucks yesterday—the date when the contract time ex- pired—and nothing remains for full completion of th e aereemeut but the transport of this loading tn- Mount, Morgan. This is a feat of which Messrs. Littler and Bruce may be deservedly proud, especially when the difficulties they have encountered are considered. The inadequacy of their plant to complete such a large work in the time stipulated was the main difficulty, and it was not until nine of the fourteen weeks allowed them for the whole contract had expired that they were able to cast the first of the twenty-four heavy cylinders. Then they had to stop casting fbr about eight days—five days at one time, three days at another—through want of iron. Local supplies were totally exhausted, what little was procurable in the south had been Ns-nicht up, vessels that weie expected were late in arriving, and when, at length, this diffietiltis, appeared to be about at an end, the bargne Cambuswallace—with a large ship- ment on board—was wrecked almost within sight of Brisbane. The time lost in adding to the plant was, of course,allowed for in estimating the probabilities of their carrying out the work ; hut the delays caused in pro- curing iron could not be calculated, and but for this, we are assured, the contract would have been finished within the time. Townspenple generally will join in con- gratulating Messrs. Littler and Bruce on the successful completion of their big undertaking ; and, at, the same time, express the hope that they will reap the reward, their enterprise and determination entitle them tn." _ . _

Since the foregoing was published the remainder of, thelcastings have been delivered at the company's workst thirty miles from the foundry, and I believe I am Tighe in stating that the directors of the company ar thoroughly satisfied with the way in which the work has been accomplished. OF the progress of the work the "Daily Northern Areus " wrote as follows :—" A visit to the foundry by an' Argus ' representative enabled him.under the court- eous guidance of the senior partner, Mr. W. Littler, to watch the whole of the interesting process by which a heap of pig iron is turned out, it completed cylindrical casting, through which the 'visitor was able to walk without removing his hat and before it had sufficiently cooled to possess him with a desire to take off his boots for the through passage. A stack of pin of iron about four feet in length were first operated upon to prepare them for the furnace. Their treatment consisted of a little silent pressure being trought to bear upon them by an unpretentious looking machine that might well he christened the pig persuader. From the‘centre of the face of this.machine a bllt of iron about eight inches square, kept protruding, with what seemed a soft,silent, lazy motion that. however,represented the concentrated essence of a business-like squeeze.carrying, as it did' a4O ton pressure. The pig was placed in front of it, the bolt came out and touched it, and the length of that pig was lessened by a font as expeditiously and almost as silently as the teeth of a child decapitate a eingerbread horse. The iron in its reduced lengths is then hoisted to the furnace, into which it is placed, one layer of iron to one of coke. The furnace door being closed the blast ot a Root's blower equal to 26in of water pressure to the square inch is turned upon it. and within an hour five tons of that pig lion is in a liquid

E WISE IN TIME Sufferers from Gravel, Lumbago, Piles, Pains in the Back, Dropsy, Wind and W ter Complaints. Diseases of Kidneys, Bladder Stone, Sciatica, Rheumatism. and Gout will find a positive Cure in Holroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box and if not satisfied your money will be returned. Price la. Ihd, of all Chemists or n^st free for 12 stamps, from HOLROYD'EI Medical Hall, Checkheaton, Yorks. Don't be put off. If you cannot get them write to the Proprietor and a box will be sent next poet.—Advt.

state. But before the furnaces are open to allow that Iron to run like hot soup into ladles with a holding capa- city of pight tons each, which the overhead craine is switi,ging in front of the furnacedoors, it will be as well to dis,•rth, the previous preparations wade to receive the nytheo

! Two circular pits had been due' into the floor of the moulding shop, 7ft deep and 12ft in diameter. Fitting into these were the moulds for the castings, the prepara- ' tion of whicn was in itself a task requiring skill and caution. Built of bricks, iron and mould in sections strongly bolted together, they make a total weight when completed of between 12 and 13 tons each. Inside these are lowered the cores, which are b.ilt on iron cylinders being put together in segments and also strongly bolted. On the face of them are numerous small knobs for holding a cover of loam, the surface of which is made perfectly smooth. Before be- ing lowered into the pits both cores and moulds are wheeled into immense ovens kept at almost a white heat, the object being to remove all the moisture,a little Precaution necessary to avoid such a trifling mishap as the whole of the works being blown across the river by an explosion of the steam that would otherwise be generated by the molton metal. All this having been done, and moulds and cores in position in the pits, a space is between them to receive the liquid iron and form the castings. Everything being ready the con- tents of the furnace are liberated and flow down spouts, rivulets of fire, into the huge ladles. The scene at this stage is a grand one. The brief twilight has given place to the darkness of night, illumined only by the glare from the furnaces, and the red heat of the fast- flowing metal, which, as it runs over the edge of the spout into the glis'ening mass in the monster cabldron, throws up immense sparks, equalling in brilliancy a pyrotechnic display. Then the crane moves the ladle into position over the pit, a few turns of a small wheel cants over toe ca.uldron,and with a fierce hissing sound, broken by short sharp reports, and accompanied by my• riads of sparks moving in the air like immense fireflies, the stream of lurid metal rushes into the receptacle pre pared for it. A dozen stalwart forms with bared arms, and faces that seem set and stern in the glow, move hither and thither round the pit, out of which spring hundreds of jets of gas; a layer of sand is thrown over the seething mass, the red heat is hidden, and then one of the presiding sons of Vulcan taps the surplus metal out of the running box ; the cold iron he uses for the purpose meets the molten metal which, coming into con- tact with the gas and moisture in the sand, causes a miniature explosion, and there belches forth to the roof of the room a stream of sparks that, cooling in their descent,come down like a hail of shot—the work is done, the casting left to ccol. The pressure within is immense, the metal putting a strain on each mould equal to 24,0001 b. requiring very strong bolting to resist it. When the castings are cool enough to allow the cores to be lifted—and they are red hot when they are taken out— the immense weight causes the powerful chains to snap like thread, with a report somewhat trying to the nerves of the uninitiated. A few hours later the castings them- selves are exhumed, and what a little while before was a stream of running fire is represented by two immense. cylinders, ready to be carried to the machine room to be fixed on the lathe and both their ends machined true: pieces of a huge machinery, the workmanship of every part of which is a credit to the Fitzroy Foundry and the city of which it is so important an industry." Although Mr. Littler still retains the active manage- ment of the affairs of the firm it affords me very great pleasure to add that he takes a great interest in the pub- lic affairs of his adopted home. About three years ago he had the honour to receive an influential requisition from the ratepayers of his ward to stand as a candidate for its representation in the city Council, and although he had for his opponent a much older resident and an ex-Mayor, he was returned with a very respectable majority, and has proved himself one of the most intern- . gent and valuable members of the aldermanic body. Be is also a member of the Council of the Central Queens- land Territorial Separation League, the object Of which is to obtain home rule for the central province of the colony, a boon which I think likely to be granted to us in the near future, oer claim to autonomy having been unqualifiedly admitted by both Lord Ripon and Lord Knutsford, past and present secretaries for the colonies. This week a new honour was bestowed upon Mr. Littler by the Government of Queensland by the addition of his name to the Commission of the Peace for the territory, and I may mention that there is every likelihood of his being raised to the Mayoral dignity at an early date. Mr. Littler was married about eight years ago to Miss S. Evans, only daughter of Mr. Richard Evans, a retired professor of music, and tbis lady is now the happy mother of a room full of as bright a family of little boys as any proud father could wish to be carressed and sur- rounded by.

M. GRANVILLE-JONES.

Fußs' SEALSKIN JACKETS AND FUR of every description CLEANED or RE-DYED and oALTERED. FUR SKINS dressed and made up into rugs &c.—B COOKE, Manufacturing Furrier, 11, Upper Newing- ton and, 21, Oftenshaw-street,l2Llterpool. Established 20

signal for applause. A prettily decorated table vas his special pleasure, and from my earliest girlhood the care of this devolved upon me. When I had everything in readiness, he would come with me to inspect the result of my labours before dressing for dinner, and no word except of praise ever came to my ears. On Cnristmas Day we all had our glasses filled, and then my father, raising his, would say, Here's to us all. God bless us !' As may be supposed, his conversation was at times ex- tremely humorous, and I have seen the servants waiting at the table convulsed with laughter at his droll remarks and stories."

" In many of my father's books," continued Miss Dickens, " there are frequent references to delicious meals, wonderful dinners,steaming bowls of punch, &c., which nave led many to believe that he was a man very fond of the table. And yet I think no more abstemious mln ever lived. When the house was full of visitors, he had a peculiar fancy for having the menu of the day's dinner placed on the sideboard at luncheon time ; and then he would discuss it with the guests in his quaint, humorous way, something like this: " Cock-a-leekie ? Good, decidedly good. Fried soles with shrimp sauce ? Good again? Croquettes of chicken ? Weak, very weak; decided want of imagination here.' And so on; and one woutd imagine that he lived for nothing but the coming dinner. On the contrary, he had a small but healthy appetite,and was remarkably abstemious in both eating and drinking."

===== 0002601_18941229_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
The Princess of Wales and her Millinery..

Perhaps few of her sex have ever better realised the value of a due knowledge of the lines of beauty in the female figure, and her success in rendering her dress in- variably becoming is due in a great measure to this. With so small a head, so beautifully shaped and so well placed on the shoulders, it would have been suicidal to have adopted any large or wide head-covering ; and what we all recognise as the Princess shape of bonnet is one which covers in the most fascinating manner the space between the middle of the fringe of hair worn now in front, and the knot,chignon, or coil that appears at the back. Nothing is ever well done without thought and trouble, and the Princess Alexandra devotes both, as also a cultured experience, to the snhject of dress. Before she decides what to wear, she often has several dresses, with bonnets and accessories, placed on stands for her to see and exactly judge of their effect. Of her three daughters,the Duchess of Fife resembles her moth- er the most closely, both in her carriage and the size of her head. The mother and her two unmarried daughters lead a most simple, natural life in their country home ; and though on state occasions in London you see the young people generally in bonrets, in the country they affect the same close shape of hats as their mother, and it is only this season that they have ordered any cf the larg( r forms which are current in present fashions. There is a pretty portrait of the three sisters together, taken when they were in mourning for their uncle the Duke of Albany, all dressed alike in round hats made of gathered velvet, cut on the cross and trinsmed with feathers.—" Cassell's Family Magazine."

Cast-iron blocks are being tried in some or the most frequented streets in Paris, inst Pad of the granite blocks usually placed alongside tramway rails. The toad captures insects by darting out its tongue so rapidly that the eye cannot follow. The tip is covered with a glutinous secretion, to which a fly or other insect adheres. _

The blood flows almost as freely through the bones as though the flesh of very young children, hut as age comes on, the blood-vessels in the bones are almost filled with matter. „;

===== 0002601_18941229_art0026.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• :

===== 0002601_18941229_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
WHERE DO THE UNSOLD PICTURES GO?

"So you would like to know what becomes of the pictures whieh are left unsold at the Academy and other exhibitions ?" observed a dealer in a large way to a, writer in " Cassell's Saturday Journal." " Well, per- haps I can enlighten you. To begin with, the Academy pictures that do not sell while en exhibition are usually kept by the artists themselves. But at some of the other shows, where pictures are exhibited much more for sale than for the honour of the thing, a different destination often awaits the pictures which don't •go off.' At the time when pictures are to be taken away,touts approach the artists and offer them, on behalf of their employers, a moderate price for the pictures. Thus secured, they are stored in the warehouse of some dealer, who, as a general rule, disposes of them ta some American specu- lator, who makes a gross bid for two or three hundred pictures, iri2W3e. These are shipped off to the New World, where they are put up separately to auction, and sold to the highest bidders, the pictures eventually being distributed over all parts of the United States. The pictures, as a rule, go very cheap; and it is no uncommon thing for a painting once exhibited in some London gallery to eventually hang unnoticed on the wall of an obscure Californian liquor-store or digger's hut."

===== 0002601_18941229_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
D:CKENS AND CHRISTMAS.

Miss Marie Dickens, eldest daughter of the great novelist, has lately been interviewed by a contribuL.or to the excellent Christmas number of "The Young Man " and "The Young Woman." In the course of the con- versation, she gave" a bright and enthusiastic account of Dickens' observance of the Christmas season," remark- ing : "To my father it was a time dearer than any other part of the year, I think: He loved Christmas for its deep significance as well as for its joys. This he shows in every allusion in his writings to the great festival, a day which he considered should be fragrant with the love that we should bear one another, and with the love and reverence of his Saviour. In our childish days my father used to take us, every 24-h day of December, to a toyshop in Holborn, where we were allowed to select our Christmas presents, and also any that we wished to give to our little companions. Although I believe we were often an heur or more in the shop before our several tastes were satisfied, he never showed the least impatience." Miss Dickens has, of course, much to say concerning the Christmas festivities at Travistock House. The fol- lowing interesting anecdote is not to be found in Forster's " Life " _ . _

_ "When the 'boys' came home for the holidays there were constant practices in dancing for the Christmas and New Year parties. Just before one of these dances my father insisted that my sister Katie and I should teach the polka to him and Mr. Leech. My father was as much in earnest about taking that wonderful step cor- rectly as though there was nothing of greater import- I ance in the world. Often he would practise gravely in a corner without either partner or music. I rrmember, one cold winter's night; his awakening with the fear that he had forgotten the step so strong upon him that, jumping out of bed, by the meagre illumination of the old-fashioned rushlight, dtad to his own whistling, he diligently rehearse d its "one, two, three," until he was more secure in his knowledge. You can't imagine our excitement and nervousness when the evening came on which we were to dance with our pupils. Katie was to have Mr. Leech, who was over six feet high, for her partner, while my father was to be mine. My heart beat en fast that I could scarcely breathe, I was so fear- ful for our success." "What." asked the interviewer, "are your recollec- tions of Christmas at Gad's Hill, Miss Dickens ?" "Oh, I think that was the happiest time of all. Our house was always filled with guests, while a cottage in the village was reserved for the bachelor members of our holiday party. My father always deserted work for the week, and that was almost our greatest treat. He was the fun an ilife of those gatherings,the true Christ- maa spirit of sweetness and hospitality filling his heart. Long walks with him were daily treats to be remem- bered. Games made our evenings pass all ton rapidly. ' Proverbs ' was very popular, and likewise 'Dumb Crambo,' in which my father's great imitative ability was strikingly shown. I remember one evening his dumb showing of the word ' frog' was so extremely laughable that the memory of it sometime later con- y Ned Marcus Stone, the artist, when he tried to give his recollections of it." . .

Dickens had done so much to apotheosise the Christ- mas dinner that great interest attaches to what Miss Dickens has to say concerning this event in her father's household. _ _ .

..... " Dineer on all occasions, plain day and holiday,was served by my father's desire ala Russe. But on Christ- mas Day this rule was infringed sufltiently to permit the appearance at the table of the plum pudding. The pudding had its own special dish of col«ured repousse china, ornamented with holly. The pudding was placed on this, with a sprig of real holly in the centre, lighted, and placed in front of my father. its arrival always the

===== 0002601_18941229_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SOLDIEWS-LIST WORDS.

" Brethren, let us dwell together in harmony and peace. _

_ These are good words, always fit to be spoken and they are especially fragrant as coming from lips which Death is about to seal for ever.

We quote the following from an American newspaper: "Henry D. Les, a prominent politician, while address- ing a meeting at South Norwalk, on October 31st, dropped dead from heart disease. His last words were, • Brethren, let us d-vell together in harmony and peace.' He was a well-known Grand Army man." Had this old soldier fallen from a rifle-ball through the brain his end could not have been more sudden. The paper says he died of heart disease. Is it likely he did ? Not at all likely, inasmuch as real heart disease is a very rare malady. More people are killed by lightning than by that. True heart disease is a shrinking of the lining membrane of the heart, caused by previous inflarama tion ; the inflammation being produced by rheumatism and gout, and the latter by the poisons generated in the stomach by indigestion and dyspepsia. As we have said, this mAlady is very rare ; a person may have a and live to be a hundred years old. His heart had simply lost power to pump as much blood as it did once; that's all. He must take life easier.

But the ailment that goes by the name of " heart I disease," is quite another thing, Women can explain the difference even better than men. Read this for example :—"When I was 17 years old, I seemed to lose my health all at once. It was in the summer of 1889 I that I began to have spells of feeling faint and giddy. My tongue was furred, my appetite poor, and after eat- ing I had pain in the stomach, and was all the time belching up wind. I was always tired and weak, and ani none the less so for eating; food didn't strengthen me as it used to do. " One day, in the latter part of the following October, while in service at Mrs. Firth's, Park Farm, Thornhill, I made a visit home. When I got there I had such pain and fluttering at the heart, I could scarcely stand. Tnis frightened my mother, as she got some of the neighbours to help me to the doctor's. He said, Your heart is in an alarming condition; you will have to be careful. On no account must you hurry or tnaks any violent effort.' "The doctor's medicines did me no good; I got worse and gave up my situation. Soon afterwards I had a nasty cough, and an irritation at the throat and chest that wouldn't let me sleep. I would sit up in bed till nearly daybreak, coughing, and spitting, and was worse tired than when I went to bed. My legs trembled so with weakness I couldn't stand or walk much, and had to have help to wash or dress myself. Well, this is the way I got on, month after month. One day mother thought I was dying, and ran and fetched Mrs. Senior, a neighbour. "The next January (1890) Mr. Kilner, of Messrs. Kilner Bros., Glass Bottle Manufacturers, Thornhill, Lees, recommended me to the Dewsbury Infirmary 'where I stayed six weeks; but the doccer's physic did no reit good. I kept wasting away, and people said thPre was no chance for me to get well. "It was then I first heard of Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. I read of its curing a case like mine—read of it in a little book. My mother sent for the Syrup. She bought it of Mr. J. Day, the chemist, at Thornhill, Lees. The first few doses made me feel better. The pain at my heart was easier, and my food agreed with me. So I kept on taking the Syrup and getting better. Presently I was strong enough to go to work. My colour came back too, and I have been well and all right ever since. If we could have afforded it we should hate put the parti culars of my ease in the newspapers. (Signed) Hannah Milnes, 18, Mapes Buildings, Brewery Lane, Thornhill, Lees, October 12th, 1892."

Now what is the commonsense of Miss Milnes' experi- ence? What was her ailment ? It was indigestion and dyspepsia. The heart trouble was one of the symptoms of the stomach trouble. Virtually, this is the founda- tion fact about " hear: disease," "heart failure," and all other manic disturbances. Cure the cause with Seigel's Curative Syrup and the results will pa se away with it.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ORIGIN OF THE TOP HAT.

The evolution of costume during the Victoria era was, we read in " Cassell's Illustrated History of England,' in the direction of simplicity. Gentlemen's Court dress retained the cocked-hat and knee-breeches of the eigh- teenth century, but the lace cravats and diamond shoe- buckles disappeared, and for variously-coloured silk coats was substituted, about 1845, a dark brown cloth or black velvet. With regard to morning wear the traditions of the Regency were preserved, at the beginn- ing of the reign, in the dark blue or green frock-coat, the high and voluminous neckcloth, the gorgeous waist- coat and the Hessian boots. Another style of dress was a military coat, frogged with braid and velvet. Of an evening, coloured coats and trousers, the former with velvet collars and the tails fared with silk.though going out of fashion, were still worn. This magni- ficence was, however, a survival ; and before the " fifties "had waned,black cloth became the rule both by night and by day. An easential feature of modern costume appeared about 1840, when the tall silk hat in- vaded England from France, and promptly replaced the beaver. This unbecoming, and inconvenient head- gear, though its shape varied from time to time, con- tinued to exercise a relentless despotism. In most respects the business man of 1847 looked much like hi, snccessor of forty years later; though the more elderly clung to the stock instead of the silk tie, worn first in a bow and afterwards in a sailors's knot, and gloves were invariably black, not tan-coloured. The details of the orthodox suit underwent, of course, numerous modifica- tions ; the coat was worn now double and now single- breasted, waistcoats were cut now high and now low, trousers varied from loose to tight. The unofficial dress became altered in the directism .f comfort. The Prince Consort popularised the ugly but useful felt hat or " billycock " ; coloured cloth suits were to be seen in country tlwns even on market days,though the City and Bond-street knew them not ; and the round tailless coat was no longer confined to boyhood.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW PENDULUMS ARE COMPENSATED,

A rise in the temperature is accompanied by lengthening of the pendulum rod, and the clock accord- ingly loses, just in the same manner as it would if the bob had been lowered by means of the regulating screw. The lengthening of the pendulum rod through heat being the main cause of the clock losing, it is evident that if a material could be found, and used in its construction, that did not expand under the action of heat, there would be no temperature error worth considering. The nearest approach to these conditions is found in a pen- dulum cemposed of a piece of thoroughly well-seasoned wood, with a straight grain running lengthwise er a trifle aslant, and a heavy round bob of no great height. Such pendulums are nearly always found in church clocks of the common kind, also in some regulators. and - in "Vienna" clocks, and the results are very satisfac- tory, though not quite free from error. Clocks fitted with these pendulums lose a little on being subjected to 'heat, and gain in the cold. It has therefore been sug- gested to compensate the remaining error by fitting the plain wood rod with a lead bob in the shape of a thick tube about one-quarter or one-third of the length of the pendulum, and resting at its lower end on the regulating screw. BIRDS, ANIMALS AND FISH STUFIoND, and mounted in Glass Cases of any design. HEADS and HORNS mounted also for Sale. Birds made into Hand Screens or Fire Screens. Dealer in British and Foreign Birds and Animals' Skins, Glass Shades. Stags' Heads. C•binets Store Boxes, Nets, Az., for Butterfly and Egg Collectors. —B. Coox g Naturalist and Furrier, 21, Renshaw-street, • Li verrxx)l

===== 0002601_18941229_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
STOP )NE MOMENT.

"Oh dear, Doctor, what will you recommend for my Childreo's Coug;hs aud Colds?" TRY.

T upoit " ILLEAM.?

PATENT.

BALSAM OF HONEY.

:he /non; marvellous Cure :or all disorders of the Chest .Phroet, and Langs. It never fails to give instant relief and does not coot do Lucianurn, Opium, or Morphia.

LICONONIISE YOUR HHILPFI. 1113.11 TH IS THE FIRST WICALTH.

All who are engaged in outdoor and indoor occupation,fanii are especially e,:posed to the ever-varying climate of Great Britoin, BM WISE IN TIgE I Don't tamper with Danger b go straight awity for UDOR WILLIA M PATENT BALSAM OF HONEY.

IT IS INVALUABLE for weak-chested men, delicate women, anti children. It cures when all other remedies fail. It cures Coughs, Colds, Bronchitis, Asthma, Tightness of the Chest. It cures tkousands ot child en of Bronchitis and Whooping Coughs. I: cures for One Shilling when Pounds havo been spent in vain. DO THY IT I If you have a Cough, try it; it you have a Cold, try It; if you have Bronchitis, try it. It loosens the Phlegm and pro- motes expectoration, produr...es warmth MI ,rnfort to the chest, and gives refreshing sleep when youll,v, et nights of rest,

===== 0002601_18941229_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
READ ON.

NOW COMMENDRO BY PHYSICIANS AND StiftOWNS. When yin are distressed by a mis-rable cold, nose bunged up. threat sore, limbs aching. with a general feeling of stLothering, a few d,ses of the Baisom of Honey will clear the wretched symptons away almost, before you know it, There is nothing ikie it ~1s th, market ; it is thoroughly up date : it taiOales into all the system. A true friend, prompt and reliable in its action.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
JUST ANOTHER WORD.

When you ask or sen t for TUDOR Wittrams' PATENT 13stssm o EfoxEY do not allow anybody to persuade you to purchase sow thing else If you do you simply throw off the g• 'mine article and take on with a false one. Wonderful Cures Dilly. Thousands of Testimoni Is to hand from. all parts of the World.

:READ OF FURTHER. SPONTANEOUS TESTIMONY WORTHY OF YOUR CONSIDERATION. Sm.—My wife desires roe to say that your Tudor Williams Balsam of Honey his proverl a most valuable medicine in our large family (eigkt children). As soon as a cough or a cold makes its appearance a dose of Tudor's Balsam is at once administered, and his treat:uent is followed up until the cold disappears. Before using the Rilsam in our family tbat children have been prostrate with colds for several weeks, bift now, by taking doses, as directed th y seem to suffer very little inconvenience. During the short time the cold is upon them the action of the Balswo is marvellous, and the little ones take it readily and ak for more. WALTER J. BRETT, C.M., Headrufhter Severn Tunnel School, March 16th, 1892.

READ ON br11.14 FURTHER. .4A Car Chentht save :—I have larger sales for Tudo William's Balsam of Honey than any other Cotigti Curs, Th it's the opinion of all chemists. Alt PUBLIC MEIN SPEAR HIGHLY OF IT ALL OVER THR WORLD. Dowlai,, Merthr Tydfil, Glamorgan, July, 1892. DEAR SIR.—I must write to say that your Tudor Williams Balsam of Honey tor Coughs is the best we ever had in the house. My boy David had a cough which shook him from top to toe, couldn'h sleep at night for it, ani neither souk* anyone else in the house el, ep P‘ecaule of his barking. A few doses of Balsam of Hooey positively cured him; it is a wonderful cure. DAVID JONES, ESQ., High Constable.

Sold by all Chemists :no Stores all over he World 1 Is. 14-d, 2s 91, an 4s 6d bottles. Sample but tles sent ;Jost aid fur Is 31, 3s. and ss, from the Inventor. D. TUDOR WILLIAMS, R.D.S.L.,

MEDICAL HALL, ABERDARE.

WALES

INCANDESUENT GAS LIGHT. WELSBACH SYSTEM

INCANDESCENT GAS LIGHT. . WELSBACH SYSTEM.

NCANDESCENT GAS LIGHT. WELSBACH SYSTEM.

SAVES 50 PEEL CEIST. IN GAS.

SAVES 50 PER CENT. IN GAS.

TUE 14405 r PliltrECT LIGHT. SUPERIO3 TO ELECTRIC LIGHT, AT ONE-EIGHTH THE COST. SIX VALID REASONS For its Adoptitn. 1. It saves half your gas bill. 2. It gives You treble the present light. 3. It can be attached to existing gas fittings. 4. The ligh is clean, cool, steady, and brilliant. 5. It does away with the impurities of gas. 6. It is pleasant, simple, ail economical.

Extract troin h Report of Prof. CARUION LAMBERT. M.A.. F.R.A.S. "The Welsbach Light is nearly seven times as efficient in minating effe..t as oniiniry gas burners. and more than four times as efficient as an ' Argand.'

Professor MAX muLLEn writes

"7, Norham Gardens, Oxford, Februaryglo, 1891. "Professor Max Muller has much pleasure in stat- ing that Le find, one iliscanci seen- Burner gives enough light in his library where he formerly re- qui el three burners, and il the pressure of gas was low xlamp as well. In hi. drawing-room two burners give a splendid light. He has also en Incandescent Burner in the htli. which is most satisfactory. His gas bill lest qu rter, w•th these four burners in use, was £1 2s. lees than the same quarter last year, though the pie-of gas is higher."

FOR PRIVATE HOUSES, SHOPS, SHOW ROOMS. HOTELS, OFFICES, and PUBLIC BUILDINGS.

Prices and full particulars on application to the follo‘,ing Agents . WARRINGTON : CALDWELL'F, LIMITED, 60. Horsemarket-street. HARLFSTOWN : Mrs. E. M.:WHAM, ST. H ELMO! : R. G. BROOK, Wolverhampton House. RUNCORN: H. BRANCH, 10, Greenway-road. WIDNES: H. BRANCH. Central Hotel.

" CADBURY'S Cocos. has in a remarkable degree those natural elements of siuirentnce which give the system ndurance an hardihno I, building up muscle and bodily vigour with a ateuly action that renders it a most reliable nu acceptable beveirige."—HeaWa.

The poor of England are those poor in health as well as in pocketbook. When health is undermined through malnutri. tion or other cati,es, Scett's Emulsion of Pure Norwegian Cod Liver Oil, with hypophosphit,s. is just what is needed. Scott's Emulsion is a food rich in fat, and nourishes the system b(ck to heath where plain cod liver oil merely nauseates and taxes the stomach. All Chemists sell Sewers Emulsion. 2s. 6d. and 4s. 6d•—(s)

line full of clothes is perfctly clean. ..MATCHLHiS CLEANSICK'S beeu used. that is esTily seen

44 IT'S "TV V ORM A THOUSAND A YEArt

"to look on the bright side of things "—said the wiliest Doctor and the greatest Tea-drinker of the Eighteenth Century, You can mike that thousand, too, if you try. Try it and you will make this New Year '95 a really happy one for yourself and for your friends and neighbours. 'Twill oast you only a few pence every week. For there's nothing equal to a morning and evening brew of BROOKE, BOND'S TBA to. make everything look brighter to you and yours. OUR AGENTS EVERYWHERE sell cur far-famed Packets, sealed and signed by us, and containing just this same qualities at just the same prices as at our Headquaiters. The Masses drink many million cups of BROOKE, BOND'S TEL every day, and that's the best pos- sible proof that when you buy it you will get the best. possible value foryour money. PRICES: • 1/-, 1/2, 1/4, 1/8, 2/-. 2/4, and 2/8a lb.

BROOK E. BOND ygg. ;CO.: LIMITED. TIIR LANCASRIRp SVAIpiIIOUSKS 17, PICCADILVY, JmAsietnisTßß 29, lidimgcr SlVerr,

===== 0002601_18941229_art0035.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
x

===== 0002601_18941229_art0036.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
L;,'- •

===== 0002601_18941229_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
..-- :-- 1''..7;T:;',.. '°l-1 .. , , .. ~.., , - .'...-:,',..,'-;.''',5.-- '..-:':..;:...47.7-.'A

===== 0002601_18941229_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
, _

_

4

• *-4 •

Elton

_

===== 0002601_18941229_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebe " eyain titer " trte.t -_

19 if LANCASHIBZ AND C lIE sal BE COUNTY N WAP P ERB Comprises THE TVarrington and iiiiid-C4eshire Examiner, pub- lished ,very Saturday morning . THE Eariestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afterncon. THE St. Heens Examiner, published every Friday .1 afternoon. rrHE _Runcorn Bxaminer, published every Friday 1 afternoon ; and THE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday afternoon.

-- PREPAID ADVEIITISEMENTS. 1 coming under the following heads ...re inserted in ALL the above-mentioned Papers for ONE CHARGE, as per scale given below. SITUATIwNS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET. ITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS W ANTED, MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE C )NTRACT, MISCELLANEOUS WANTS, /lOUs Ei, AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. One Three Six VVor-i WA,ek. Weeks. Weeks. ; ..6 2. 7.. . . ........ Oa 9d ... 18 10d ... 3s Od 36 45 54 The above char are are for PREPAYMENT only. No Adver- tisement insected on credit under Is. per insertion.

igoni7tit

trbant4. ,Scf.

'1-X7-ANTED. at once, a clean sharp GIRL, about 13.—Apply V 122, School-brqr, off !danchester-road, Warrington. _ ..- - -- --- —_ GENERAL SERVANT, about 17; send references; state wages.—Apply Miss SHILLITO, St. Joseph's. Castleford. -----

I

r_I_BNERAL Servant, god. WANTED, good r.-ferences required.-3, Regent-road. Water-street end, Mooches-

wANTED, a Gi 1 (with references) as GENERAL, able to wash and iron.-82, Warrington Road, Abram, near Wigan.

ENERAL SERVANT, experienced, WANTED. Apply Mrs. Skertchly, 15 Mouton Green. Eccles, Man- chester. .

1100 K and }{OUS}XAIDWAITRFSS WANTED by January 16th.—Apply 5, Parkfield Road, bradford. Yorkshire. good-

AATANTBD, a od !GENERAL SERVANT, about 23,wh0 can wash; wages £16.-54. Church-street, Eccles, 'an(

Manchester.

ANTED.—Respeztable tidy GIRL. 16 to 18. as general servant.—Apply 53, Weymouth-street, Chorlton-on- Medlock, Manchester. WANTED, a good Gene at SERVANT; able to wash, Apply Mrs. FISIIER Westmorland House, Lower Bank- road, Fulwood, Pi es on.

SITUATION WANTED, by Itoung Man, as Groom under Coachman, or single-handed ; willing to be useful in house.—T, ILFIELD. Roel, Wineheombe.

eI_ENERAL SERVANT (strong) WANTED, about 25, must 13 wash, two children. 6s. weekly.—Address Mrs. MINOR., Henry Square, Ashton-under-Lyne.

_ NVII.IiTED, Situation as lartoo3l-GS'iDHNER ; single; age 26 ; three years' character.—Address. A. CLARKE, - Holmes 3larAt. Lyonehall, near Kingtort Herefordshire.

SERVANTS' Registry.—Mrs. COVTRY, 41. Watergate EN street, Chester. requires Cooks, Waitress. Also severa good Genera!s. Mother's help disengaged ; has Oa her lis two first class Coachmen

WANTED a good respectable GEN }MAL SERVANT, one who understands plain cooking. washing, &c.—Apply or address with all particulars to H., 53, Portland-street, Southport.

ttn.d FISSIALE NUJCCSRS LNSTITUTION, 10, Hope-5t., Liverpool. listab. 1878.—For Attendants. fdental, Medical. and Monthly Nurses, Massage, *poly or ,eleTranh. " Nurses." Liverpool. leohone. 87C.

ttiatua. AGENTS WANTIM to push first-class Machinery Oils Literat Cammission—Box 31. Post Office, Liverpool.

,OOKS.—BOOKS BOUGHT for Cash: town or country.— ' J. MITCHELL, 30. Long Millg6.te, Manchester. _ .

WANTED, Sufferers from Lumbago or Dropsy to send 14 stamps for certain cure._ J. ASHWoRTIE, Buxton,

'BT -

WANT-BD entire charge of child about 3, or would adopt; state terms.--Mrs. BUTTERWORTH, Bentley Hall, tury.

SHARES.—WA.NTIiII) to buy some first and third Warring- ton Starr B .wkett to Shares; lowest price.—Address 28. " Kwaminer " Office, Wayrineton.

Box

TOBACCONISTS commencing. Ill'd. Guide (259 pages) 3d.—Tosaccomors' Co.. 186, Euston-road. London. Shop-fitters tor all trade.—Manager, Hr. MYERS, Est 1866.

I•q.MACCODILTS and tilos., commencing snoutn call or send for our Price List. Competition defied.—GOLDBERG'B, Paradise-st., Liverpool. Ilished 1850. EDUCATIONAL—Inspectors of We-0 hts and Measures. Candidates coa.3hed for Board of Trade examination. Write Business Academy, College-street, Rotherham.

Est,%i

_ OOD PAY, PERMANEDV. EMPL,,YMBNT.—PHNSION ‘3l- Persons (nmle and female) under 22 wishing to secure situations having thee advantages should audress '1 ur 11, Hitlbrow-villas, East Finchley, London.

T IT OFF CLOTHES bought, best price for parcels for- -LA warded, if not approved, goods returned.—JAM Es Gon- KAN , New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 326, 328, and 346, Deansgate, Manchester.

FOREIGNSTAMPS.—CoIIectors WANTED to send for our approval Selections. Several thousand varieties. Good specimens cheap. Collections bought. R-lerence .or deposit - required.—Bußaow STAMP CO., 11, Chapel-walks. Liverpool. WANTED.—To purchase or exchange Household FURNI- TURE of every descri,..tion, in large or smlll quart, i- ties ; pianos, sewing and wrlnging machines. Best price given. Prompt cash. —Apply JONES. furniture dealer, Market-street, Earlestown. WANTED, —within easy distance from Warrington, HOUSE, with field. stable, &c., for horse and cow, rent not to ex ,eed £25 ; Padgate preferred.—Particulars to THOMAS COWDELL, Estate Agent and Valuer, Scotland-road 'Chambers, Warrington. _ _

-•'‘A

_SHCOND-HAUD DRESS SUITS, Military, Theatrical,Band Uniforms and Liveries for sale or hire.—JAMES GOB- 'k N, New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 326. 328, and Deausgste, Manchester. Also Gentlemen's misfit Suits 'eetly new at a third cost price.

.91.1 Pf .

CHRISTMAS SHOW OF NO% ELTI ES.

GEORGE HENRY LEE & C

BASNETT STREET

LIVERPOOL, Are now Making Their - ANNUAL DISPLAY OF

FANCY ARTIC,LES. siLvEtk AND ELTICTRO-PLATR. ART BMBLWIDERIES,

AND NOVELTIES OF EVERY DESCRIPTION For CHRISTMAS PRESENTS and NEW YEAR GIFTS. Gift Books for Boys and Girls. I THE LATEST BOOKS PUBLISHED. • BEAUTIFUL AND ARTISTIC DESIGNS

Autograph Cards FOR CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR GREETIN S Sptcial.

G. H. and Co.'s Is. 44. Box of Christmas and New Year Cards. Containing 5) Cards and Envelopes. The best Box ever offered. High Class Cards, original value 10s. By Post 4i€l. extra. THE LADIES' YEAR BOOK. A most Useful Compendium for che Household., containing Diary, Household Accounts and Washing Books, besides a ! mass of Useful lidarmation fur the Home. Post Free Is. 6d. UMBRELLAS, GLOVES. GENTS' TIES, and SCARVES. : SEALSKIN JACKETS, FUR MUFFS AND BOAS, DRESS MATERIALS, Ac.. For Presents.

GEORGE HENRY __LEE & CO.,

BASNETT STREET, LIVERPOOL.

BLAIR'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. For RHEUMATISM, BLAIKS GOUT PILLS. GOUT. LUMBAGO, and SCIATICA. BLAIR'S/GOUT PILLS. The acute pain quickly relievel BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. by these Pills. Sure. Safe, and BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. Effectual. Price is. lfd. and 2s. 9d per Box REPORT ON " PLAIN" FOOD, BY MR.

THE POOR MAN'S FRIEND. -- SKIN DISEASES. THIS INVALUABLE OINTMENT (as originally pre- SKIN DISEASES. pared by G. L. RoB Fan's, M.D.) is an unfailing remedy for wounds SKIN DISEASES. of every description. Scorbutic, Eruptions, Burns, Inflamed Eyes, &c. SKIN DISEASES. --- SKIN DISEASES. D. ROBERTS' ALTERATIVE PILLS, sIiIN DISEASES. For the BLOOD and SKIN, are very effectual in tile cure of ec SKIN DISEASES. shows sforitmsegnskpainindfiusracse wshitlh the skin and scaly diseases. ‘4ISIN DISEASES. Sold at is. 14d, 2s. 9d., by the Pro- k.. ' prletora, Bridport,and by Chesalet3

ilr

===== 0002601_18941229_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
T. WILLIAMS, F.C.S.

"From careful survey the Meal proves of excel-" lent compoation and purity. It contains over 80" " per cent. of (dry) feeding and fattening ingredi- ents. and these of the soundest description. I " " have eeldom analysed a weeter,feeding meal, nor" 'jilts elms one better calculated from per centage" 4' of richness to yield the stock-bre,..dcr or dairy" tomer a more prAgMag getAITU4'

===== 0002601_18941229_art0041.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_

===== 0002601_18941229_art0042.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18941229_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
Eitn,Otorit, eggq, Szr.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0044.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Obipping Alottres.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
WHITE STAR LINE for NEW YORK every WEDNESDAY.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
GUION L!NE to NEW YORK, every SATURDAY.

ADELAIDE, MELBOURNE and SYDNEY STEAMERS from LIVERPOOL.

NEW ZEALAND, TASMANIA, and AUSTRALIAN LINES landing passengers en route at Teneriffe Can. Town aroi nt linhstrt Ar.r.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0047.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_18941229_art0048.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r- 7,7 -7 T.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0049.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_18941229_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EX A % IM.R. SATURDA Y DECEMBER 29. 1894. rato

l'Histellantous.

iThsrttiantous.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
IN SALE, MANURE WORKS, Widnes, and Gas Works and '/ Cotton Mill, Derbyshlre.—Apply,to 3. liosiaxg,. 16, Fenwick-Street. Liverpool. •

===== 0002601_18941229_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
UNSWORTH'S CARDIGAN JACKETS.

BEST VALUE IN THE-WORLD.

UNSWORTH'S CARDIGAN JACKETS,

With VELVET COLLARS, or. PLAIN. lINSWORTITS CARDIGAN JACKETS, MEN'S SIZES from 1/11 to IV;

, UNSWORTH'S CARDIGAN JACKETS,

Special Value 5/-, 7/6, 10/6.

tiNSWORTITS CARDIGAN JACKETS, BOY'S SIZES from 1/2 to 4/6. UNSWORTH'S CARDIGAN JACKETS.

Largest Assortment in the District. 7, LYME STREET, MARKET PLACE

WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0053.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-7,1 C

===== 0002601_18941229_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
T. -7'

-

"f

_ • . • - _ . - • f. . - . ' _

===== 0002601_18941229_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
TUCK AND CO.,

Limited. INDIA RUBBER It PURE ASBESTOS GOODS. LEATHER BELTING. HAIR AND COTTON BELTING LACES, &a. Guaranteed quality., Lace, Tizer.4, or Copper Sewn. or

_ CEMENTED ONLY. BONA. FIDE MANUFACTURERS. 42, Chapel Street. Liverpool, Also at 35, Market Street, Manchester. London. Carellff, Newpbrt, and Dublin, LEA.THER WORKS. LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0056.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Vubltrattaiis.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0057.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Ea be tet.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
FURNITURE

CLEARANCE SALE. GREAT REDUCTIONS DURING THIS MONTH.

The First Sale in Nine Years. T. GRE AYES, THE TOWEII, • BRIDGH FOOT, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0059.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
30ottlEs.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
BRA.NIYS BEEF BOUILLON. • BRAND'S BEEF BOUILLON'. BRAND'S BEEfij3OUILLON A MOST NUTRITIOUS AND INVIGORATING

BEVERAGE. Made by the Simple Auaition of Boiling Water.

At a Cast wituin the reach of all.

11. LITTLH STANHOFB-ST., MAYFAIR, W

===== 0002601_18941229_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
OOPING COUGH

GAS HEATING STOVES.

OIL HEATING STOVES.

COAL AND COKE STOVES. A GREAT VARIETY • Suitable for OFFICES, WAREHOUSES, BEDROOMS, SITTING ROOMS, NURSERIES, &c. SAFETY OIL LAMPS. TAB,E AND TELESCOPIC. • BEST PATTERNS AND MAKES.

BAXENDALES', MILLER-STREET, MANCHESTER.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
THE " Middleman " is an alto-,, The "Middleman" gether necessary parnage in the present state of society, yet, use- ful and necessary as he is, he is much abused. Everybody seems to be agreed—with the ()seep- tion, of course, of the middleman himself—that. li-e-gets far more than his proper share of the pro- fits of commerce. In fact, " the greedy, grasping middleman" has now become quite a familiar phrase. One of the latest of the middleman's. assailants has been trying to compute how much of the benefits ef the enhanced trade at Christmas has been intercepted between the producer and the consumer. We are told that it has been a real "Merry Christmas" for the taiddleman section of • the community. Whilst the farmers on one hand are grumbling about low prices, and tLe unem- ployed, on the other hand, are demonstrating their poverty, the middleman has been" standing on velvet." Take the case of bread, says the critic. Wheat is cheaper now than it has been for two hundred years, yet he contends that the householder who buys his bread is deriving very little benefit from the cheapness,. while there is a profit of nearly one hundred per cent. pocketed somewhere between the wheat- grower and the bread-eater. Then as to the Christmas beef, the same cantankerous critic treats all and sundry to elaborate statistics, with the object of showing the difference in the price of Christmas beef as it is sold wholesale and as it is retailed over the butcher's counter. He even goes so far as to insinuate that what is labelled as "prime English beef" has oftentimes been reared and fattened on Canadian homesteads or upon the prairie ranches of Wyoming or Texas; and that., the "prime Scotch 'S and "prime Welsh " mutton has really made the ocean passage from New- Zealand or the River Plate in a modern refrigera- tor. In spite of all these criticisms, however, the middleman continues to hold his own with a tena- city that shows he cannot be done without. It is just possible that his lot is not always one of such unbroken prosperity as some people seem to imagine. • It is noticeable that those who are fond of comparing wholesale with retail prices often apparently forget that there are such things as • rents and rates and taxes and incidental losses which the much-maligned " middleman " has to face. These things make a difference. At the same time, there is a natural presumption that , when wheat is cheap, bread should be cheap, and that there should be some correspondence be- tween the wholesale and the retail priCes of meat.

THE Christmas of 1894 has been darkened by tragic incidents. In-

Christtnas Casualties.

the now long list of railway acci- dents there are few of a more painful character than that which occurred in Chelford station on Saturday last. One of those marvellously rapid expiess trains which run to and from London was , there :suddenly wrecked whilst at its fullest speed, with results that threw a shadow over the festivities of the sca,son. The train was heavily freighted with passengers when it left Ma-riches- ter, and under the circumstances it is perhaps not a little remarkable that the list of killed and very seriously injured did not assume even more de- plorable proportions. As it is, however, the thir

===== 0002601_18941229_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
teen killed and fifty injured make a roll of victims which is sufficiently formidable in all conscience. There will no doubt be a rigorous inquiry into the causes of the accident. Such an inquiry is due in the interests of the nation generally and in justice to the bereaved. In the end, the blame—if blame attach to any human being—will no doubt be rightfully appor- tioned,and some lessons for guidance in the future sheuld be derived from the calamity. Unfor- tunately, in spite of all the precautions that the •experience of the, past has suggested, it seems to be impossible to entirely eliminate risks for rail- way travelling. Those risks are, it must be ad- mitted, when measured by the enormous number of railway travellers, really on a very small scale, but that is no reason why they should not be still further reduced if possible. Such a result seems to be the only off-set for disasters like that of Saturday, and it is but a sorry compensation fo r those who have been stricken or bereaved. Un- fortunately, the railway accident does not by any means exhaust the list of Christmas casualities. The storm which raged on Friday night and Satur- day seems to have wrought mischief to life and property in all parts of the Kingdom. Even yet the whole tale of misfortune has not been told. Alike on sea and land the destruction has been enormous, and it is computed that some hundreds of lives have been lost. As for the damage to property of one kind and another it must be almost incalculable.

A PATHETIC story was made A Pathetic Case. public at the inquest held on Saturday, at Runcorn, with regard to the death of a workman named RICHARD -JONES. JONES was up till seven months ago an industrious and steady workman, but at that time, apparently through no fault of his own, he was thrown out of work. The earch for fresh employment was fruitless, but still his wife and five children had to be maintained. With unselfish devotion the husband and fat her persisted in starving rather than that they should go,short and he appears to have almost wholly existed for some time past on the scraps of food and stimulants which were given him in payment for odd jobs that he could pick up. Life could not long be sustained on this aliment, and the poor man suddenly, a 3 it were, ceased to exist on the Friday of last week. Cases of this kind must be a rude shock to those persons who maintain that there is always work for willing hands, and that sheer want is always a result of idleness, thrift- lessness, or vice.

WARRINGTON BOARD pF QUA RDIANS.

--- - The last meeting of the old Board of Guardians was .held at the Workhouse, on Monday morning. Mr. W. Houghton presided, and there were also present Messrs. R. Heaton,A. J. Jolley, S. Davies, T. Mather, W.Turton, .G. Pilling, A. Jolley, Swinton, Clarke, Dr. Patterson, J. Dignum, W. Gill, J. C. Sutton (clerk), S. Sutton (deputy clerk),C. H. Ward (master), H. M. Mines (sup- erintendent). COST OF TUB ELECTIONS.

Mr. HEAToN asked what was the cost of the recent elections.—The CLERK said that he had not yet settled all accounts, but he had seen one union where the Clerk was reckoning it to cost £6so.—Mr. HEATON : We generally do it at half price here. (Laughter.)— The CLERK said that the next election would not cost so much as the last one, as he would have all accounts kept for reference. MR. BALHARRY'S SERVICES.

A resolution passed by the Newton Relief Committee en the motion of Mr. G. Ratcliffe, seconded by Mr. Hibbert, was read, in which a vote of thanks was .passed to Mr. Balharry for his long and faithful ser- -vices as chairman of the committee.—The CHAIRMAN said that he thought that Mr. Balharry's services had been so signal that he fully deserved that recognition. Be would like to know how long Mr. Balharry had been on the Board.—The CLERK said that it was over a quar- ter of a century.—The CHAIRMAN said that during his ,own time on the Board of twelve years, he had travelled over 5,000 miles in coming to and from the Board, and he was curious to know how far Mr. Balharry had travelled as he had been more than twice as long on the Board,and he lived twice as far. He mentioned that as showing how much more travelling the country members had than the town members.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
INCREASE OF VAGRANCY.

A letter was read from the clerk of tho County Council as follows: " Dear sir,—The following resolution passed by the Herefordshire County Council and the Hereford- shire Quarter Sessions, was brought before the Standing Joint Committee for police and other purposes at their last meeting: Resolved that in view of the most alarm- ing increase of vagrancy throughout England, the Council urges on the Local Government Board, the necessity of taking energetic steps to abate the public nuisance thereby occasioned, and sugrsts to them the propriety of conferring with representatives of Boards of Guardians and Wayfarers' Relief Societies throughout the country, as to the best course to be pursued with this object,' when the committee resolved, 'that the Clerk be instructed to apply to the Clerks to the Guar- dians asking to be furnished with a return showing the number of vagrants in their respective Unions dwing the three years previous to the 31st Oct., 1894.' I shall be glad if you will kindly lot me have the particulars asked for at your earliest convenience —YourQ,etc.,F.C. Huvrow." The return, furnished by the Clerk, was sent as follows: Number of vagrants relieved during the year ended Oct., 1892, tilO3 ; ended Oct., 1893. 18,031 ; ended Oct., 1694, 15,172; total tor three years, 39,306.

- THE NEW DISTRICT COUNCIL. The CLERK said that he would call the new District Ceuncil on the first Friday in the month as formerly. Seven day's notice would be given to the members of the Board. THE LITIGATION AGAINST THE BOARD OF GUARDIANS. The Crikk said that in the case of Miller v. the Guardians, an application for an order to disclose all books, documents, and matters with regard to the entries in connection with the cage had been granted. He would, therefore, be required to make au affidavit with regard to the Same. THE PROPOSED EXTENSION OF THE BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON.

The CLERK announced that he had had notice that the Corporation of Warrington had applied for extension. Be would recommend that the Board pass a similar re- solution to that passed by the Rural Sanitary Authority, viz., to support the application with reference to Little Sankey, and oppose that in reference to the portion of Poulton which was applied for. The only difference that scheme would make to the Beard would be the inclusion of the Cheshire parishes to the Ship Canal within the Union.—A resolution as recommended by Che Clerk was passed unanimously on the motion of the Chairman seconded by Mr. Heaton.

TOTES OF TUANKEL Mr . HEATON said that as the business of the Board was now over, it gave him great pleasure to propose a hearty vote of thanks to the Chairman for his services during the past year.—Mr. Gill, as one who had not waited to be kicked out, but had retired gracefully, seconded the motion. He hoped that notwithstanding the changes which had taken place, that they would have as workable a Board as they had had, although he bad his .cieebte. With regard to Mr. Houghton, he had made a wery goed chairman, and he hoped that he would occuey the chair again in the new Board.—Mr. Clarke sup- ported the resolution vihich was carried unanimously. —Mr. Houghton replied and referred to the pleasure it gave him in being on the Board during the past twelve years. He moved a vote of thanks to the two vice- chairmen, Messrs. Davies and Pilling. Mr. Heaton seconded, and the vote being passed, Messrs. Davies and Pilling replied. On the motion of Mr. DAVIEB, seconded by Mr. Biome'', a vote of thanks was passed to the retiring members of the Board. The latter remarked that he was astonished at the revoluntinary change which had taken place.—Upon the motion being put and carried, Mr. HEATON said that he had not felt capable of fight- ing an election, and he thought he had served the suffi- cient number of years its the workhouse. It was on September 25th, 1864, that he came to the workhouse, and he bad always enjoyed his work. Referring to the eomplsires which had been made concerning the treat- ment which the inmates received, Mr. Heaton spoke favourably upon the treatment at present received, compared with that received when he first entered the service.—sir. Turtori, Mr. Swinton, and Mr. Gill also replied. The CHAIRMAN moved a vote of thanks to the officers. —Mr. A. J. Jueese seconded sand the motion was passed unanimously.—The CLERK, in reply in a lengthy speech, spoke of his convection with poor-law. He said that he first entered the service in connection with poor-law, as an apprentice boy in 1845, so that it was mow almost 50 years since. He had been their Clerk nearly 23 years. With regard to the poor rate, it was a mistake to think that it was solely for the relief of the poor. It was for many other purposes also, and the officer's gaiety he could guarantee, did not cost a farthing in tlae £. He could say fur himself that he had always tried to do his best for the Board.—Mr. SHEARER. also relied, after 1 which the meeting terminated.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND WIDNES.

MR. J. T. BRUNNER M.P.,

is to open the New Trades Hall, at Runcorn, on New Year's Day. It is expected that he will be accompanied by Mr. Thomas Snape, M.P., for the Heywood division. ST, MICHAEL'S DIVIDING CLUB, RUNCORN.

The fourth annual meeting of tnis club was held on Saturday evening, when the Rev. Canon Wood occupied the chair. There were present: Messrs. C. Pownall, E. Austin, T. Williatns and W. Blundell; E. Ridge (treasurer), J. Rowles (secretary). The amount to be divided, after meeting all claims, was .£72 ss. id. This was distributed between 76 mem- bers, A balance of Is. id., and 10s. collected in the room was handed to the treasurer of the unem- ployed fund. The following officers were appointed: Messrs. E. Austin, C. Pownall, R. Wainwright, sen., James Blundell, It. Peacock, and E. Robson; treasurer and secretary, Mr. J. E. Rowles; steward, Mr. T. Williams. ANOTHER RUNCORN CAPTAIN DROWNED,

The body of Robert Forshaw, of Limekiln- houses, Canal-road, Runcorn, a captain of one of the Rochdale Canal Co.'s flats, was found in the dock at Birkenhead, on Thursday night. He had been missing from the previous day. COLLIER'S sell the best quality goods at lowest possible prices.—Adnt. DRUNKENNESS AT RUNL'ORN.

At Runcorn Police Court on Friday morning be- fore Mr. T. Handley, a charge of drunkenness was preferred against Joseph Hogley. The offence was committed in Halton-road on the previous night. He was fined 55., or seven days' imprisonment.— Harry Cook, of Robert-st., was dealt with in a like manner, for a similar offence in Bridge-st., on Thursday night. COLLIER'S sell everything for the smallest possible profits. Advt.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
A MISSING RUNCORN ENGINEER.

Mr. Frederick John Le Couteur, engineer on the steam tug "Liberator." son of Captain Le Couteur, of Trentham-st., Runcorn, has been missing since Wednesday morning. At an early hour on that day he was left by a friend near the Parish Church, Runcorn, when he expressed his determination to go to the vessel which was lying in the Ship Canal, at the Duke's pierhead, Weston Point. A fear is entertained that he may have fallen into the waterway and been, drowned. Grappling operations have been commenced. ST PAUL'S BIBLE CLASS.—CIIRISTMAS SERVICE. There was a crowded attendance at the meeting of this class on Sunday afternoon when a special Christmas choral service was given by the St. Paul's church choir, under the conductorship of Mr. R. Morris, and an orchestral band led by Mr. W. B. Kay. After an overture from the Messiah, the hymn, "Hark the herald angels sing," was sung by the congregation. Christmas carols and choruses from the Messiah were exceedingly well rendered. In the solo and chorus, "0 thou that tellest," Miss Sim kin was the soloist; and Miss Taylor acted in a similar capacity in the solo and chorus, " Glory to God." Mr. Wm. Cooke presided at the organ with his usual ability. • COLLIER'S FRESH IRISH DAIRY BUTTER, 10& per lb • excellent.—Advt.

COLLIER'S BLACK BLENDED TEA. 20. per quarter lb, Advt

ILLNESS OF THE REV. W. LILE STONE.

The Rev. %V. Lile Stone, Wesleyan minister, Halton, has, in accordance with the advice of his medical attendants, suspended his work for an indefinite period for the benefit of his health. The Rev. John Herbert Tite, of Headingley, Leeds, has Leen appointed, to take up Mr. Stone's duties dur- ing his indisposition. COLLIER'S is. BurrEß is the gem in the market. —.Advt. FOOTBALL.—RIINCORN Ar. BRADFORD.

The Runcorn team journeyed to Bradford on Wednesday, when they played the well-known team of that town. The game was most evenly contested hrout;hout, and at the close of the game neither Qi le t,ft,l scored, the match thus ending in a draw. TI),. following were the teams: Bradford: Jenkinson, fall hack; Crompton, Dobson, Murga- troyd, and Biacow, three-quarter backs; Briggs and Booth, half-backs; Sugden, Walt. Hutton, J. Rams- den, H. E. Ramsden, Dewhirst, Edmundson,Foulds, and Marshall, forwards. Runcorn: Houghton, full- back; Warder, Butterworth, Gregory, and W. Gay- tor, three-quarter backs ; Abrams and J. Faulkner, half-hacks; W. Faulkner, Davies, Taylor, Langley, R. Gaytor, Farmer, Walker, and Pendlebury, forwards.

GREENWAY-ROAD CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOUR SOCIETY,

RUNCORN.

Under the auspices of the Young People's Society of Christian Endeavour at Greenway-road Primitive Methodist Chapel, a tea meeting and entertainment was held in the schoolroom on Caristmas 41s.y. About 120 persons sat down to tea, and the tables were presided over by ladies connected with the Endea- vour class, After the cloth had been removed, a most interesting miscellaneous programme was gone through. The Rev..T. Bramhall presided, and he was supported on the platform by Mr. Wilson D.C. Songs were contributed by Mr. Shingler, Mr. J. Stubbs, Mr. F. Shingler, Miss Wilson,Miss Taylor, and Miss Withington. Mr. G. Ashton gave a read- ing, and recitations were given by Miss Miles, Miss Davies, Mr. Bentley, and Mr. Richardson. Misses Wilson and Taylor, and Mr. and Mrs. Grounds, per- formed pianoforte duets, and a quartette was con- tributed by Mr. Stubbs and others. Duets were well sung by Mr. Shingler and Mr. Pilgrim, Miss Stubbs and Mr. Pilgrim.. PRESENTATION AT RUNCORN. At a well-attended meeting of the St. Edwards' League of the Cross, Runcorn, on Monday evening, occasion was taken to pre.ent to Mr. Clinch, presi- dent of the League, a small recognition of his five years service to the League. Mr. Quinn commenced the proceedings, and spoke of the praiseworthy way Mr. Clinch had laboured for the good of the order, after which Mr. Kyan made the presentation, con- sisting of a purse of money. Further brief addresses were given by Messrs. Caskey and Fahy. Mr. Clinch acknowledged the gift in suitable terms. COLLIER'S BREAD is the best money can buy.—A dot. MARRIAGES AT RUNCORN. Two marriages were solemnized at the Runcorn Parish Church on Wednesday (Boxing Day). In the morning by the Rev. J. Holden, Miss Edith Mary Stoll, well-known in Runcorn, was married to Mr. Edgar G. Langridge (Manchester). The brides- maids were Miss Clara Amelia Langridge and Miss Catherine Louisa Langridge. The groomsmen were Mr. W. A. Langridge, and Mr. Thomas Montague Stoll. Numerous presents were received by the happy couple, who deputed for London, where the honeymoon will be seent.—On Wednesday after- noon, in the same church, the wedding took place of Mr. Richard Wainwright, son of the apparitor of St. Michael's Church, of Vine-street. and Miss Rosina Hind, who for six years has been engaged at the Vicarage. There was a large congregation to witness the wedding service, the contracting parties being well-known in the town. The Rev. Canon Wood was the officiating clergyman. The guests were entertained at the Vicarage, and the newly married couple left in the evening, for Market Rasen, where the honeymoon is being spent.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
SHIP CANAL.

THE t..-:.; XL AND THE EASTERN TRAFFIC.

The Titan, one of Mr. Alfred Holt' s (Ocean Steamship Company) line will leave London on the sth prox., light, for the port. of Manchester. She will at once load for China and Japan. and if expectations are realised will load so fully that there will be no call at either Birken- head or Liverpool. She will sail directly from the port of Manchester either to Shanghai or Yokohama. One of the permanent pu-ts of the company has visited Man- chester to-day on the subject, and before bringing the Titan up the canal will take an experimental voyage from Liverpool to Manchester. The Titan is due in Manchester on the Bth January. and it is expected that the service thus inaugurated will rapidly develop. The present arrangements are for a sailing every three weeks

FIRF: TNIPFRIAL GWEN tDES HAND FIRE EXTIN- GUISHER.—Reduced. Prim 30$. pdr dozen.—Sole agent, GABL AND, Warrington.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0068.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18941229_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMIN ER sA.TURDxII, DECEMBER 29, 1894.

THE GREAT STORM-. IMMENSE DAMAGE. DREADFUL RAILWAY ACCIDENT. A disastrous railway accident happened on Saturday evening at Chelford, on the system of the London and North-Western Company. The express from Manchester to London left London-aoad Station at a quarter past four with between four and five hundred passengers. On aprnaching Chelford the speed of the train was over fifty miles an hour. Just before that station was reached an empty waggon standing on the down line was blown by the high wind towards the points of a siding. Here it collided with a shunting engine and fouled the up line. The London express was caught by the obstruc- tion and was wrecked within the station. Fourteen passengers were killed, and a large number—probably over fifty—injured very seriously. Many of the sufferers lost their limbs. With as little delay as possible those passengers whose injuries were of a serious nature were taken to the hospitals at Crewe and Stockpert. Major Marindin visited Chelford on Wednesday, and on benalf of the Board of Trade made a careful examina- tion of the scene of the railway disaster. Subsequently he opened an inquiry at Crewe,at which Mr.Bryce,M.P., President of the Board of Trade,was present. 'Evidence was given as to the circumstances of the accident the Chef ford stationmaster. the men who were in the shunting of the goods train, the driver and fire- man of the second of the express envities, and others. There was a general agreement that Lue danger arose so suddenly that practically no Wal ~.,eAcoul:-4 he given to the express before it dashed, at full speed into a pro- jecting waggon. Some of the onlookers were net even aware for a few moments that a collision had taken place. The driver ,of the goods train thought at first that the stationmaster and a brakesman had been run over, and that that was why the express had pulled up so suddenly. None of the :nen engaged in the shunting operations heard any noise of a collision. The driver of the express second engine stated, on the other hand, th,..t the shock was so violent that it could not have been caused by a side blow, but must have been the result of an end-long collision.— Samuel Scott, the front van guard, saw the red lamp waved by the stationmaster as, far away almost as the distance signal, but he did not realise till too late that it was a warning not to the goods train but to the express itself. The stationmaster said he was responsible for the shunting operations, which were carried out in the usual way, and without any violent bumping. His attention having been called to a rule providing that where detached waagens are being shunted they should be in charge of a brakesma,n or a man with aprags, he explained that in his opinion this rule only applied where there was a probable danger of the waggons coming into violent contact. The method pursued at Chelford was the one in practice all over the' line. The injuiry was adjourned. 'The fearful gale which raged on Friday night and Saturday did much damage in all parts of the country, and unfortunately caused great loss of life. At the mouth of the Mersey the storm was fearful. A schooner was wrecked and four lives lost. The lifeboat men did gallant service during the day. In the city the gale did great damage to property. The ferry terrffic to New Brighton and Egremont was suspended. At Douglas great damage was done to the exhibition buildings at Belle Vue. A trawler drifted out of the harbour. and . there is anxiety as to her safety. The storm raged fiercely at Blacklaool, causing havoc to property and placing many men at sea in danger. The lifeboat crew went out twice, the first time to the Fleetwood trawler Petrel, and the second to the Norwegian- barge Abana. Both boats were driven ashore, one near Claremont Park, and the other at Norbreck, and twenty-two sea- men were rescued. The St. Annes lifeboat crew were oat for many hours, and did good service. Two vessels went ashore at Southport. On Saturday morn- ng three vessels—the Kirk Michael, from Liverpool to Melbourne; the Valhalla, from Liverpool 'to Vera Cruz ;and the Titania—went ashore off Holyhead. The crews of two vessels were rescued by the lifeboat man. , The boats, however, failed to reach the Kirk Michael, and the life-saving aparatus was brought out. Twelve of the crew were saved, and seven are missing. All through Lancashire and Yorkshire the effects of the gale were disastrous. At Preston a portion of the Manchester • Mill was demolished, and Hugh Haydgick, a weaver.was killed. Several other persons were injured. The ' Blackburn and East Lancashire Infirmary was partially wrecked, and four patients buried in the fallen masonry. They were rescued, but at great peril, the rescue party I being precipitated through the broken flooring. Mr. Josiah Greaves, formerly a member of the Blackburn ' Town Council, was kiiled by a gate which was blown upon him by the gale. A tramcar was blown over at Accrington, and much damage done to property. A • lofty chimney fell at Haslingden and killed a young man. A chimney fell at Burnley and injured four men. At Bradford a house was wrecked and a woman , crushed to death. Two persons in the same town were injured by a tramcar which was capsized by the wind. • There were many other accidents, and altogether twelve ' persons were hurt. A tall chimney fell at the works of Messrs. W. Cooke and Co., at Tinsley, near Sheffield, killing three men and two boys. A chimney at the chemical works at, Woodhouse Carr, Leeds, was blown across a house, burying a woman and six children. One child was taken lifeless from the wrecked dwelling. In Manchester a woman was killed, many persons were injured,and there was great damage to property.

DAMAGE AT RUNCORN.-WRECK OF VESSELS.

A fearful gale broke over Runcorn on Friday night and Saturday morning, and much damage was done throughout the town. The roofs of a number of build- Ines were partially removed, and chimney pots and slates were dislodged without number. Although not accompanied with loss of life, there Were several very narrow escapes. The proprietor of Wilson's Hotel (Mr. Charles Dutton) whilst in one of the rooms in which there was a skylight, a chimney pot came crashing through the class, and he was covered with the falling cithris. Fortunately the only injuries he received were a few snperficial cuts en the face and hands. A man named Robinson, of Penketh-lane, one of the servants of the local authority, sustained a very serious cut on the head by a falling slate. He was working opposite the shop of Mr. Gregory, Bridge-street, when he was struck. He was carried into the establishment of the executors of the late Mr. Isaac SpeAkman, chemist where he was attended by Dr. Ormsby, who was pass- ing. This gentleman fcund that the wound was three inches in length, and of a deep character. One of the Runcorn postmen was struck by a falling slate, and had his band cut. A lad, whilst passing in front of Mr. Lightfoot's shop, in High-street. was struck on the foot, another lad whilst crossing Church-street fell, and a large slate fell flat on his back whilst he wag laid on the ground. The boy was cut slightly on the neck by the slate breaking. Considerable damage was done to the roofs of the National school, Church-street ; Primitive Methodist Chapel, Greenway-road ; and the Soapery works of the United Alkali Compank. The tower at Mr. Abel's house in Greenway-road, sustained great damage and it was thought at the time that it would collapse altogether. The Parish Church, the Highfield Tannery, one of the mortuary chapels at the Ceme- tery, and a number of private houses were also damaged. The river Mersey was very turbulent, and the water was very high. In some parts it was nearly level with the wall dividing the river from the Ship Canal, and it was feared that the structure might be injured, but the works have stood the severe test. As was expected many vessels from Runcorn met with mishaps during the gale. The flat Carrie, belonging to Mr. R. Abel. Runcorn, laien with rails. sank abont 500 yards from the lightship opposite Gar;ton locks. The crew managed to get into the boat and landed at Speke. A flat nPmed Annie, the property ot Mr. S. Taylor J.P., of Runcorn, was being laden out of the schooner Sappho, anchored some 500 yards from the Flash buoy, Garston, when she foundered. Captain Edward Ash- croft and the mate, both of Runcorn, boarded the schooner and thus saved their lives. The vessel was taking in a cargo of china clay for Warrington. The flat John, belonging to Messrs. Richard Evans and Com- pany, and chartered by the United Alkali Company, was sunk off Speke. The crew. Edward Summerfield and James Northcote, were in the rigging from 5 a.m. until 11. a.m. The captain of tha John and William, Widnes (James Summerfield), his mate (Samuel Atherton and Frank Southern, both of Widnes), and Mr. John Davies, ef Runcorn, went and rescued them from their perilous position. They were in an exhausted condition. "Lion," a flat beloneing to Messrs. P. Speakman and Sons, Runcorn, had started away light, but through the storm was forced back into the *Alexandra jetty, Liver- pool, where it sank on Saturday morning. The captain, Thomas Williams, and the hand, Edward Bond, both of Widnes, jumped from the rigging OR to the granite quay, and were injured. TilP latter was so seriously hurt that he had to be removed on the ambulance to Bootle Hospi- tal. His forehead was badly cut. The captain also sustained injuries. The flat, although an exceedingly strong one, was smashed to pieces.—Another vessel, a schooner, the James and Mary, bound from the West of England for Runcorn, with a cargo of china clay, went ashore a little south of Southport shortly before noon. The lifeboat crew left the sailing boat and went out in the rowing boat, and took off the captain and four men forming the crew. They reached Southport just after four, and were cared for by the officials of the Ship- wrecked Mariners' Society.

I.adly shaken. In Newton a large pear troe which has weathered the storms of many years, was uprooted, and blown to the ground. In several cases fences were torn up and hurled some distance away, and pedestrians had , narrow escapes from falling slates.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GALE AT EARLESTOWN.

The storm which razed over the country during the early hours of Saturday morning. visited Earlestown and district with tremendous severity, and much damage was done. Fortunately, however, there were no fatali- ties, and with one exception the inhabitants escaped without injury. Numerous hoardings, chimney pots and slates were scattered about, as evidence of the destruc- tive character of the gale. In Er le-t., a shop window was blown bodily in and destroyed, the contents consist- logo? groceries being much damaged. In Bridge-st., a large sign over the shop of Mr. T. Rudd was observed to be in a dangerous condition on Saturday morning, and a young fellow named Eachus was endeavouring to secure it. Whilst doing so, an exceptionally strong gust of wind caught the sign, and hurled it and the ladder on which the youth was standing, to the ground. Tlnfor- tunately Eachus fell under the sign, and when rescued was found to be unconscious. He was removed home on the ambulance litter, and it was found that he was

===== 0002601_18941229_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRIMiION.

The storm blew with great violence in Warring ton during Friday night and Saturday. Alth-ugh there had been a great number of minor accidents, there have not been any which may be classed as serious. Slates and chimney pots were flying about in all directions, and numerous narrow escapes are reported. In one case, past of a chimney fell through the roof of a house on to a bed which a person had just left with such force as to send the feet of the bed through the floor. In Winwick-road almost the whole of the tiles on the roof of a row of houses were

blown off. In the row of houses near to the Coach and Horses in Liverpool-road, some of the tiles were lifted off the roof and carried across the road on to the railway, where they were smashed. Numerous windows were either blown in, or smashed. A large win- dow belonging to Mr. Dolan, clothier, Horvemarket-st., was broken during Saturday morning by a chimney pot whirl' fell from the next shop. The weather vane of Ihe Town Cluck was also in a very insecure state, and from Sankey-st., it could plainly be seen shaking violently at every blast. Fortunately it did not give way and fall into the street. In Cheshrres-lane, the wind completely demolished a brick wall, awl a child had an exttemely narrow escape at the time, having only just passed before the wall fell. Mr. Place, the market in-pector, had also a narrow escape, for the wind set a lurry in motion near to him, and he just managed to get out of the way in conse- quence of the shouts of the bystanders. There does not appear to have been any extensive damage done in the works in the town although a quantity of woodwork was blown down in Messrs. Crosfield's.

Of the row of fine trees fronting Mrs.Broadbent's house at Latchford,: there are only five left—two at one cor- ner and three at the other. During the gale no less than three of these splendid trees were blown down, and what makes the loss more aparent is the fact that they are all from the centre of the row, and adjoining one another. For the last few years these "veterans " have been coming dawn with disappointing regularity, as almost every storm of recent years has elaimed its victim from amongst them. When the storm was at its highest, several new features were noticeable in connection with the Ship Canal. A high tide in addition to the wind, raised the water level an extra 10 feet, while above the locks where the Canal is tideless, it was almost as high, and for most of Saturday morning was flowing uninterruptedly over the tops of the gates. Waves three feet high and break- ing with foam were also much in evidence, and the wind in the immediate neighbourhood was unmistakably salt to the taste. Gulls, too, were occasionally to be seen dashing al-out after bits of floating refuse. Naturally the force of the wind prevented any vessels whatever from attempting the passage between the two ports. The R.C. Church of the Sacred Heart, in Liverpool- road, which was almost finished, was discovered to be in a dangerous condition, early on Saturday morning. The upper portion ot the tower showed signs of giving way,tand orders were at once given to stop vehicular traffic in Liverpool-road for about thirty yards. Ropes were placed across the road, and a policeman was put on duty at either rape to stop everyone from passing. Con- sequently all 'buses, carts, and pedestrians who wished to go from Bank Quay to the market, or vice versa, were compelled to go round by Milner-st. and Priestly-- et. But, although the upper portion of the tower was considerably shaken by the wind, nothing gave way,and contrary to the expectations of a great many people, the tower is still standing. It is expected however that a portion will have to be taken down in order to renuild it.

FEARFUL SUFFERINGS OF WARRINGTON MEN During the storm on Saturday morning the flat" John," belonging, to Messrs. Richard Evans and Co., but chartered by the United Alkali Company, Widnes, and laden with copper, was badly damaged, and the crew consisting of two men were picked up in an exhausted. condition, after having been in the rigging over five hours. It appears that the flat, which was in charge of the captain, Edward Summerfield, and his mate, James Nornott, both of Sankey Bridges, was lying at anchor between Speke and Hale Head when the storm com- menced about two o'clock on Saturday morning. About seven o'clock, in consequence •of the flat labouring heavily, the captain sent his mate to let out more chain. On going to slo this he found that the fore hatches had burst, and that the waves were making a clean breach into the vessel. The captain at once knocked the pin out of a shackle in the chain to the anchor, and had a jib sail hoisted, and ran the flat ashore, thus saving the valuable cargo of copper with which it was laden. Still the men were in no better position.for the tide was high, and they could not land. They then took to the rigging, where they remained until the tide ran out when they dropped on to the beach in an exhausted condition. The fiat" John and William," belonging to the United Alkali Company, had also blown ashore about half a mile further on, and the captain, James Summerfield, brother to the captain of the flat John, and the crew, Samuel Atherton and Frank Davies, all of Sankey Bridges, were able to reach dry ground. They at once went to Widnes, and reported the condition the flat was in. On returning to the flat, in company with John Davies, the foreman earpenter of the Alkali Company, they were met by a man who told them of the two men being in distress. They at once went and found both the men on the ground in an unconscious condition. A gamekeeper named White procured some spirits, and after some time the men were brought round. They were at once sent home, and we are glad to state that they are fast recovering after their trying experience. On Sunday a packet and a number of men were sent to the flat John, and succeeded, after taking most of the cargo off, in bringing the flat to Wooden& The vessel is in a very battered condition. THE PANTOMIME AT ST. HELENS. DICK WHI ITINGTON."

The anticipations or a sprendid success by the pro- duction of the pantomime of " Dick Whittington "at the handsome new Theatre Royal and Opera House, Corporation-street, St. Helens, have been realised to the full. The genial and pnpolsr proprietor, Mr. Wallace Revill, has succeeded in eclipsing all his previous efforts in that direction and he has more than merited the warm congratulations he has received from his many friends in the town on his brilliant achievement in providing his patrons with an almost faultless performance which is in every way happily appropriated to the festive season. - The company inaludee some of the best artistes in the pantomimic lime now in the country and it is generally considered to be the best that has ever been gathered together In St. Helens on a similar occasion. The title role is assumed by Miss Emily Lyndale a lady full of dash and go, from the principal halls in London. Last year she was the principal " boy " in the pantomime at the Theatre Royal. Leicester, where she achieved a great success. Her efforts are ably seconded by Miss Lizzie Boone as "Alice," who previously appeared in St. Helens in the character of " Tina " in "My Sweetheart," and she lends no small amount of brightness and vivacity to the per- formance. The other ladies include Miss Gertrude Craven, Miss Harriet Glenrnse, Miss Carrie Barnes, Miss Daisy Stanton, and Miss Daisy Norman, all of whom have previonsly figured with considerable success in pantomime work. The Brothers Passmore, from the Theatre Royal, Sheffield. have a high reputation as pan- tomimiats, clever vocalists,dancers and knockabouts ,and fully sustain their characters. Mr. Fred May is a mem- ber of the celebrated May family and is a capable artiste Mr. James La Fane is also a well known pantomimist. while Messrs. Maurice and Ross are smart knockabout artistes. Mr. A. P. Turner is another pantomimist of more than ordinary ability. Sixty local children take part in the production, and new eancee and ballets have been arranged for them by Madame E. Basaano, ably assisted by Miss Carrie Barnet'. Magnificent new scenery has been painted by Mr. Keith and his asaintants.and the principal scenes are the Goblin Belfry of Bow Bells, Old Cheapside, Fitz- warren's Countine-hnuee.Highgate Hill, Near the Docks, Port of London. Dominion of Emperor Turn Turn the Terrible. The Royal Palace, where there is a grand fete and Oriental ballet, and a variety entertainment ; Dear Old Albion, and the Guidhall. Old Cheapside, Highgate Hill, Port of London, and the Royal Palace, are con- sidered to be real works of art in the scene-painter's line, and come in fora large share of admiration. In the scene," Port of London," there is a grand mechanical change, showing the wreck and loam of the "Saucy Polly." A brilliant feature of the production is the mag- nificence and splendour of the dresses and costumes which have been made under the personal direction of Mrs. Revill, and are rich, tasteful and pretty in their harmonious blending of colour. The songs and music which have been arranged by Messrs. Carl Hamlin and F. W. Dearlove, are bright and up to date, and there appears to be no ,reason why " Dick Whittington " should not have a most successful run during the holiday season. The opening night was last S.turday, when notwith- standing the very miserable atmospherical conditions a large audience assembled and the performance was en- thusiastically welcomed. The entire piece ran with re- markable smoothness, and the humourous features were demonstratively appreciated. The entertainment is also a brilliant success as a spectural display. Amid a wealth of beautiful scenery Old Cheapside, Highgate Hill, and the Royal Palace are gems of scenic work, the palace Scene being really gorgeous and magnificent. It is in this scene that one of the prettiest effects of the pan- tomime is produced when representatives of all nations, attired in national dress, march in with their respective banners. The transformation scene, "Cupid's Paradise," is also a magnificent piece of artistic scene painting and all the efforts are extremely well arranged. The barlequinade has been arranged by Mr. Harry Wys, who lieures as the clown,and he is ably assisted by Mr. Alfred Maurice as pantaloon, Mr. James Ross as the policeman, Mr. Alfred rassmore as harlequin, and Miss Carrie Barnes as columbine. The properties and all the appara- tus necessary are of the most complete character in all respects, as they have been supplied by the most %ell- known firms, and everything augurs brightly for a sua , of brilliant success.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0072.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_18941229_art0073.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_ - -

===== 0002601_18941229_art0074.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
CHRISTMAS TIDE AT RUNCORN.

Christmas Day passed off very quietly in Runcorn. The weather was damp and foggy, a drizzling rain setting in which militated against outdoor enjoyment. There were the usual Christmas services at churches and chwels. At Dutton Workhouse, the inmates, were supplie,l with the usual Christmas fare of roast beef and plum pudding.

MUSICAL PERFORMANCE ON CFIRIS tikIAS EVE.

In the Public i:all, en Christmas Eve, the Runcorn Tonic-Solfa Prize Choir gave an effective rendering of the sublime oratorio "Messiah." There was a fairly- large audience, who greatly appreciated the perform- ance. The choir, under the leadership of Mr. John Holford, rendered the choruses in a very efficient man- ner, especially the "Hallelujah Chorus," into which they entered with spirit. The orchestral band under the conductorship of Mr. Collision, played the various parts in an extremely able manner. The principal voca- lists were Madame :Jeannie Sadler (soprano), Mr Riley Walker (tenor), Mr. Joseph Layland (bass), and Miss C. Taylor, of Runcorn. "Behold a Virgin," was Miss Tay- lor' it first effort, but she appeared to most advantage in the solo, " He was despised and rejected," for which she received a well-merited encore. Madame Sadler at once established herself as the star of the evening by her in- terpretation of the solo, " There were shepherds," and in that most difficult number, " 11,.joice greatly," Madame Sadler excelled. Mr. Riley Walker was also very successful in the solos allotted to him, and the same may be said of Mr. Joseph Layland's singing. On several occasions b )th artistes were encored. Mr. W. Cooke ably accompaniel on the organ. THE CHRISTMAS RELIGIOUS SERVICES. The customary special services on Christmas day were held in Runcorn churches and chapels, and on the whole, the attendance was very good. Many of the places of worship had been appropriately decorated for the occa- si.m with evergreens. At the Parish Church the Rev. Canon Maitland Wood (vicar) preached at the morning service, and in the evening a carol service was held. A number of Christmas carols was sung in a praiseworthy manner by the choir. The soloists were Miss Lake, Mr. Branch and Mr. Garner. There was a large congrega- tion. Services were also held in the morning at St. Michael's and Holy Trinity Churches, and also at the Seamen's Mission. There was celebration of mass at the St. Edwards Roman Catholic Church on Christmas morning, when there was a large congregation. At the St. Paul's Wesleyan Church, the Rev. T. Brackenbury conducted a service in the morning, and the Roy. J. H. Tite acted in a similar capacity at Halton Wesley an Church.—Special Christmas carol services were held on Sunday in the St. John's Presbyterian Church and the Primitive Methodist Chapel, Greenway-road.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
TREATS TO POOR CHILDREN.

Through the generosity of the Rev. Dr. Gastaldi and several local gentlemen a substantial dinner was pro- vided for 200 poor children in the town on Christmas Day at St. Edward's schools. The dinner consisted of hot-pot of excellent quality, and it was, as a matter of course, was done full justice to. The Revs. Dr. Gastaldi and Jerron, and Dr. Mangan visited the schools during the dinner, • and they were loudly cheereA by the youngsters. The following attended to the wants of the children :—Misses Agnes Clinch, Annie Clinch, Doran and Dolan ; Messrs. James Byrne, John Morris, R. Clinch, J. P. Quinn, Robert Dolan, and John Ryan. The general arrangements were made by Mr. James Percival. —On Wednesday evening, by subscriptions collected by the members of the Greenway-road Primitive Metho- dist Christian Endeavour Class, and also by the "Do Good Brethren," an excellent tea was provided for poor children in the Primitive Methodist Schoolroom. The number of children supplied with tea exceeded the anticipations of the promoters, no fewer than 770 sitting down. The wants of the youngsters were well looked after by a large body of workers ef the Christian Endea- vour Class. After the tables had been cleared a magic lantern entertainment was given by Mr. Bosworth, the proceedings being presided over by Mr. T. Reynolds. The pictures shown on the screen were illustrative of the life of Christ, and there were also exhibited several well- known views of places in and around Runcorn, pictures of public men in Runcorn, concluding with a number of comic sketches. The programme was agreeably diversi- fied by the rendition of songs, readings and recitations by the following: Miss Vernon, Mr. R. Illidge, Mr. T. Johnson, Mr. J. Stubbs, and Mr. Richardson. Each child was presented with an orange on leaving the building.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
DUTTON WORKHOUSE.

Christmas Day at the Dutton Workhouse was spent in the usual pleasant way. The day's proceedings com- menced with morning service in the chapel, which had been prettily decorated with various mottoes, shields, and evergreens. The pulpit looked very neat, being covered with ivy and golden fir, with a blue centre and letters of goli inscribed thereon. Carols were sung in place of the usual hymns, and the whole of the musical portion of the service was well rendered by the choir. The nsatron (Mrs. Cunnah) presided at the organ. The Chaplain (Rev. L. D. Lyon Bennett) preached an appropriate sermon and took his text from St. Luke xi. 5. Mrs. Marsden, of Aston, kindly sent for each child a bag containing sweets, eranges, nuts and cakes, which were distributed after the service. Dinner was served in the dining hall, which had been decorated with various pictures, mottoes, holly, Chinese lanterns, &c. The fare for dinner consisted of roast beef, pota- toes, and plum pudding. Milk was provided for the children to drink, and beer for those .4 the older in- mates who preferred it. In the eveninga miscellaneous cenccrt which had been arranged by the Master (Mr Cunnah), was given in the dining hall, where a sub_ stantial platform had been erected. A dialogue by four of the girls," Should girls help their mother," was capit. ally render,d, and a well-known inmate—George Thoinp-on—crea.ted much pleasure by his playing on the violin. Mr. H. Allison (the School Master) caused plenty of fun with his comic songs. Three hearty cheers for the Guardians and,the singing of the National Anthem brought what had been a pleasant day to a close. The following have sent gifts to the inmates :—Mrs. Mars- den, Mrs. Wood, Miss Best, Mrs. Whitley, Mrs. F. Nor- man, Mrs. Rodtrers (Newton B ink), Lady Greenall, Mr. H. Talbot, Dr. Robinson (Runcorn), and Mrs. C. Rey- nolds (Frodsham). THE WORK AT THE POST OFFICE._

The officials at the Runcorn Post Office experienced a very busy time this Christmas. About double the num- ber of letters and parcels were dealt with on Monday, as compared with the same date a year ago. Oa Christ- mas Eve the number of letters posted at Runcorn was enormous, which seemed to point to the fact that the public had refrained from purchasing their Chrismas greetings until Monday. The mails received on Christmas morning were very heavy,and the work taxed the energies of the officials to the utmost. But Mr.Orrell and his assistaats are to be congratulated in having com- pleted their duty without causing much delay.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
SAD DEATH AT RUNCORN. "DIED FROM DRINK AND WANT OF FOOD."

At the Tine Hotel, Runcern. on Saturday, Mr. J. E. Worelev, coroner, held an inquest on the body of Richard Jones, 37 years of age, of 58, Shaw-st., who died sud- denly on Friday. The first witness called was Mary Tlaneah Jones, who stated that the deceased was her husband. Ile had en- joyed good health but was addicted to drink, and when taking it was unable to eat anything. On Monday he was seized with cramp ia his ankles, but afterwards recovered, and continued to be well until Friday after- noon, at two o'clock, when he became ill. He expired within an hour, and before the arrival of the doctor. Elizabeth Rawlinson, sister to the previous witness, gave corroborative evidence. She stated that deceased had been out of work seven months, although he had tried to obtain it. He had scarcely taken any food lately, being without it four days at a time. He refused it in order that his five children might not go short. His wife and witness had tried to keep the house going by washing, &c. P.C. Gregory said Dr. McDougall saw Jones, but through professional engagements was unable to be present at the inquiry. The medical gentleman had told witness that it was a bad case. and that drink and want ef food had caused death. On going te the house he found food therein. Deceased had evidently starved himself for his children. The officer had known him for three years, and up to seven months ago he was a very hard working man at Weston works. He did not drink to excess at that time. His wife had stated that he would not taste food. He had obtained drink by doing odd jobs for persons. The Coron4r, in summing up, said the case was one of a man who had a wife, sister-in-law, and five children, and who, up to seven months ago, was a hard working, industrious man. Then he was thnwn out of employment, and since the family had to be supported by the wife, augmented by the small earnings from the sister-in-law. Deceased seemed to have done his best to obtain work, but failed. He, however, got odd jobs, for the performance of which he was paid in drink, and upon that drink and other assistance he appeared to have subsisted. From the evidence of Miss Rtwlinson he had actually denied himself food in erder.that his wife and family might have a large share. From the doctor's statement there was no doubt that death was due to drink and want of food. It was a very sad case indeed—it was one in which a man had sacrificed him- self for the benefit of his children. He was out of work through no fault of his own. A verdict of " Died from drink and want of food " was recorded. The jurors, in order to render assistance to the bereaved ones, gave the widow their fees, which was supplemented by the Coroner, who suggested that the case should be brought under the notice of any re- lief organizstion that might be in existence in the town. •

ALL HOUSEHOLD LINEN, hemmed and marked, free Of charge.—J. and %V. DUTT3N. Sankev-et., Warrington.—Adrt KNGIN•E OILEL—GARLAND,SI, Bridge-street,Warrington.—. Advt. 21s.—Fifty-three lArtiles, Sheffield Cutlery, and Plate, Knives, F ,rks and Spoons.—GARLLND, Ironmonger, Bridge- street .'dvt. 21s.—Firty-three Articles, Sheffi4l Cutlery and Plate. Knives, Forks and Spoons.—GAALA.SID, Ironmonger, Bridge- street. Advt. SEWING 11AcifiNE3 Handl £2 18s. 61. Treadle El 4 4s. with handsome walnut cover.—J. and W. DurroN, 16 and 18, Bankey-st.,Warrington.—ildvt.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0079.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• • .

===== 0002601_18941229_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
RIT6CORN BOARD OF OUA.RDIA.NS.

The last meeting of the Board was held at the Dutton Workhouse on Thursday afternoon. Mr. Mclntyre pre- sided, and there were also present the members of the S tnitary Authority, and Messrs. S. Taylor, J.P. S. Yarwood, C. Mounfield, A. R. Norman, T. Handley, J.P., E. Brathertoe, J. Ashton (clerk), and G. Ashton (deputy clerk). TUE REDEMPTION OF LOANS.

Mr. S. S. Provis, in reply to a letter of the clerk, said he was directed by the Local Government Bo rd to state that under the circumstances mentioned,the Board were not • repared to issue an order for the redemption, by the Guardians of the Runcorn Union, of the balances of loans of £2,400 and £6OO advanced to them by the Royal Exchange Assurance. Although the question was not free from doubt, the Board did not think that under Section 2of the Poor Law Loans Act, 1871, a Board of Guardians could require persons who had lent them money to take it Nack at a time earlier than that speci- fied in the mortgages.—lt was decided, on the motion of Mr. Heywood, to again write to the Local Government Board, stating that when the mortgage was drawn up the persons interested knew that it could be terminated by the sanction of the Local Government Bard. THE PROPOSED EXTENSION OF THE WARRINGTON BOROUGH BOUNDARY. _

The Clerk read the report of the committee appointed to consider the notice for the extension of the b•amclary of the borough of Warrington. The committee met at Warringtbn on the 19th December and there were present : Messrs. Joseph Knowles,. Jaihes Brandreth, T. Flandley, C. W. Davenport, Eyes, and Ashton (clerk). The letter served upon the Board of Guardians and the Sanitary Authority, and also the letter of the Local Government Board with reference thereto were read by the Clerk. He also submitted a summary of the area, population, number of houses, and rateable value of the portions of the Runcorn Union proposed to be trans- ferred to the borough, showing a total rateable value of £5,062. It was resolved that the Local Government Board be informed that the Board of Guardians and Rural Sanitary Authority objectrd to the proposed ex- tension, and consequent transfer. It was further resolved by the committee that the Clerk write to the overseers of the townships affected, and ask for the views of their respective Parish Councils in the Matter, and also to the Cheshire County Council, and London and North-Western Railway Company, and the Man- chester Ship Canal Company and inquire what they proposed to do. THE CLERK'S REMUNERATION.

Mr. Heywood said the Assessment Committee recom- mended that the sum of £25 be paid to the Clerk for extra services in regard to the county rate basis. That had been a great of extra work to the Clerk and he had managed to reduce the county rate basis to what would be a return to them of £2OO. Another branch of work, viz.: a return of all •the assessments of the Union, had caused a great deal of extra work to the Clerk and his assistants, and the committee recommended that he receive a further £25 for that, and also his usual salary of £63 15s. for nine months' service as Clerk t) the, Board. Mr. Handley seconded, and it was carried unanimously.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCE-THE COST OF THE ELECTIONS.

Mr. Brandre-th in submitting a report of the Finance committee said there were still seven townships which had not paid up their calls, due on the 9th November The total expenses of the parish and district council elections for the whole Union was £342 103. sd. The cost of the Guardians election in Runcorn was £7B 103. 6d. In the townships they were as follows : Apple- ton £23; Frodshatn £32 is.; Helsby £2O 75.; Kingsley £2O 73. ; Moore £19ç25 61 ; Newton-by-Daresbury £9 123. 41; Waltem Inferior £l3 us. 4cl. Whitley Inferior £9 183. 4d.; Frodsham Lordship £l6 is. 81.; Halton £l5 us. 81; Norley £l5 4s; Bd.; Weston £2B ss. 11d.; total for the twelve townships, £223 3s. sd. The cost of uncontested elections, printing W4S £4O 17s. 61 —Mr. Baxter thought it was a great injustice to the ratepayers that any district should be put to the ex- pence of an election by some crotchety single individual. He thought elections should not take place at the de- mand of one man. There should be at least three re- quired to demand an election. Mr. Stokes and Mr. Heywood also spoke on the same subject. Tne latter thought they should receive reports from the different parish councils on the matter, and then the new council could it it desired make some recommendations on the subject to the proper quarters.—The minutes of the Finance Committee were passed.

VOTES OF THANKS. Mr. T. Handley proposed a vote of thanks to the Chairman for his services to the Board.—Mr. Weir seconded the motion, and Mr. Pickering supported. The vote having been carried with acclamation, Mr. Mclntyre responded.—Mr.S. Taylor proposed. and Mr. Heywood seconded, a vote of thanks to the vice-chairman (Mr. Knowles). The vote was carried and Mr. Knowles replied. A similar compliment was passed to Mr. Bran- dreth (chairman of the Finance Committee) on the proposition of Mr. Yarwood, seconded by Mr. Mclntyre, and supported by Mr. Whitley and Mr. A. R. Norman. 'This concluded the husinegs.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL SKIN ITA.RY AUTHORITY.

A meeting of this Authority, which was the list prior to its conversion into a Rural District Council, was held at Dutton Workhouse. on Thursday afternoon. Mr. Mclntyre presided, and there were also present Messrs. J. Knowles (vice-chairman), C. T. Whitley, J. Weir, J. Stokes, T. Lewis, W. Pickering, S. Woodward, A.Aaron, T. Baxter, J. M. Williams, H. E. fleywond, W. Turner, and J. Brandreth J. Ashton (clerk), Ashton (deputy clerk), and J. Farrington (nuisance inspector). ,

===== 0002601_18941229_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SMALLPDX HOSPITAL AT MOORE.

The Clerk read a letter frO.TI Mr.J.D.Wallis,of the land office of the Manchester Ship Canal Co., with reference to tee smallpox hospital at Moore. He stated that the directors were willing to allow the hospital to remain standing upon the company's ground twelve months longer on payment by the Authority of a rent er £5 with the right reserved to the Canal Co., in case of necessity of giving the Authority one month's notice to remove the building. The notice would not be given unless some unforesegn necessity should arise.—This was considered very satisfactory.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LOCAL GOVERNMENT ACT.

A letter was read by the Clerk from Mr. Potts. Clerk of the peace for the county, stating that the chairman of their District Council, unless a woman, or personally digqualified by any Act would be, by virtue of his office, a justice of the peace for the county, but that before acting as such justice, he was required, if he had not already done so' to take the oaths required by law to be taken by a justice of the peace. He asked to be supplied with the name and address of the chairman when appointed.—ln the event of the chairman not hav- ing been elected by the 2ad prox on his inability to qualify at that time he would have another opportunity of doing so before the Easter sessions. The Clerk re- ported that the chairman would not be appointed until the Bth inst. THZ CLERK'S SALARY. - - - -

===== 0002601_18941229_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
It was unanimou-sTy decided that the sum of £63 153. be paid to the Clerk as remuneration for his services for the nine months ending December 28th, 1894.

COMPLIMENTARY.

Mr. Williams proposed a vote of thanks to the Chair- man of the Authority (Mr. Mclntyre), and in doing so spoke of the satisfactory way their chairman had per- formed his duties.—Mr. Lewis seconded, and Mr. Wood- ward supported. The vote was carried unanimously.— Mr. Mclntyre, in responding, spoke of the pleasure it gave him to know that his services hal been satisfactory to the Authoritv.—Mr. Brandreth proposed a vote of thanks to the Vice-Chairman (Mr. Knowles), and said he was glad to know that many round that table would again sit on the new Authority.—Mr. Weir seconded,Mr. Heywood supported, and it was carried unanimously.— Mr. Knowles suitably replied. THE INSPECTOR'S REPORT. The Inspector (Mr. Farrington) reported that certain premises at Moore had insufficient privy accommodation, and it was resolved that notice be served for the requis- ite improvement. A certificate of occupation was granted on the recommendation of the Appleton Parochial Sanitary Committee, to Mr. John Pemberton, of Wilderspool, for three houses, in Pairfield-road,Stock- ton Heath. This was all the business._

===== 0002601_18941229_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAM PET CY SESSIONS. TuußsoLY.-15efore Messrs. A. Thomas, W. Mortimer,

and T. Rigby. BREAKING • Don's LEG.—George Ford, formerly of Frodsham. now of Flint, was summoned for cruelly ill- treating a dog, by kicking it and breaking its leg, at Frodsham, on November 26th. P.C. Price stated that at 11.30 A.lll. on the date in question he was on duty, in Main-s.:. Re saw the defendent going in the direc- tion of the shop of Mr. Nicholls, the butcher. On reach- ing the door, an Irish terrier belonging to Mr. Youd, of the Bear's Paw Betel ,ran out and he kicked it in the hind quarters. The animal was in great pain,and on examina- tion its leg was found to be broken. In his opinion the kick was deliberate.—lnspector Luff spoke to seeing the dog a day or two afterwards, when he discovered that the hip bone was broken,and that the dog was perfectly useless. Be advised the owner tc have it destroyed, and he believed this had to. be done.—Defendant ac- knowledged the offence, but.asserted that he had no in- tention of breaking the dog's kg. It had been stealing meat.—The Bench characterised the act as a cruel one, for the kick must have been a fearful onc.—A fine of 10s. 61. and 93. 6d. costs was imposed. INTEMPERANCE.—The•fnllowintz persona were fined for being drunk and disorderly :—R)hert Ga-ner, Church. at. ; David Ashton, Overton ; and James Corker, Main- street.

ANOTHER RAILWAY COLLISION. Details have been received of a disastrous railway collision at Lowmoor, near Bradford, between eleven and twelve on Wednesday night. A Lancashire and Yorks'aire excursion train from Bradford to Manchester had not cleared the loop at Lowmoor Junction when it was overtaken by another excursion train from Dews- bury, and three carriages were shattered,sixteen of the occupants receiving injuries, some of them serious. Miss Woodcock, of Great Lever-st.. both legs broken, sod Mr. J. Kirkman, also of Bolton, sustaiuckl a ractured thigh.

213bcrtlanunt5 not etaqr.iffteb. WANTED a good GENERAL, about 16 or 20, no children, a comfortable home.-51, Carlton-street, -Voss Side, Manchester.

ANTED. to a lopt Bag,. good home, premium required. • Address Mrs. T. 'GRAY, Lairgate, Beverley. WANTED immediately good-GENERAL. little washing also Housemaid Wai r ress. —Apply SELECT SERVANT AGENCY, 428, Borough-r ad, Brk nlaead.

SOUFHPORT. Superior A partments ; Drawing room ; one or two bedrooins. Inclusive moderate terms.— Mrs. BRISTOWE, 33, Avondale-read. off Promenade.

WANTHD immediately. good plain COOK, one who has been kitchen-maid preferred; ab mt 26; £lB. Please write stating full p rtieulars, two referenees.—Miss HoLMES, liossley Hill, Liverpool,

===== 0002601_18941229_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN DIP ROT E lIENT COMMISSIONERS.

The final meeting of the Runcorn Commissioners is to be held to-day (Friday), when several matters of import- ance will be brought forward. In connection with the new technical institute the Board are to determine the penalty to be paid by Messrs. A. and H. Hulse, for the non-completion of contract within the stipulated time. Ihe agenda paper also contains notice of the following business to be brought forward :—To receive and deal with tenders for a loan of £2,000 for private street works ; to receive a comtnunicatien train the Local Government Board sanctioning the borrowing of £620 for sewerage works and £lOO for street improvements ; to consider and determine as to the advisability of ap- plying to the Local Government Board for a provisional order to amend the Runcorn Commissioners Act, 1893, as to the repayment of monies borrowed by the Com- missioners up to the passing of that act; to pass such resolutions as may be deemed advisable for the purpose of winding up the work of the Board of Conamissioners before they go out of office. Toe first meeting of the Runcorn Urban district coun- cil will be held on the following Thursday. The busi- ness will include : The electiGn of chairman, election of vice-chairman (if desired), fixing date of monthly meeting, appointment of committees and definition of powers they are respectively to exercise, ballot for the order in which the members for Mersey Ward shall re- tire, adoption of a corporate seal and order therefor, de- termination of the amount of penalty to be paid by a councillor on non-acceptance or resignation of cffice.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
ANOTHER DEATH FROM BURNS AT

RUNCORN.

At the Duke of Devonshire Inn, Runcorn, on Thursday afternoon,Mr. J. E. Worsley held an inquest on the body of Marjory Rowles, 2 years and 9 months; daughter of Frederick Lewis Rowles, publican who died on the pre- vious morning from the result of burns sustained on Saturday. Mr. Rowles stated that on Sunday morning he awoke his daughter, Alecia, aged 16 years, who took down- stairs with her the deceased, who was followed by a four year old brother. Witness made up the fire on Saturday night so that it would not be necessary to light it in the morning. His daughter raked the ashes out, and then went into the yard for coal. Whilst she was away the deceased's night dress:became ignited. He could not say how this occurred. Witness heard screams came downstairs, and found his daughter in the yard, .; with deceased in a bucket of water, to put out the flames. A portion of the nightdress was still on fire and witness extinguished it. In his opinion, the head of a burning match fell into the child's lap, and set fire ' to the nightdress. Miss Alecia Rowles gave evidence in support of the above statement. She was not in a position to say how the accident happened. Dr. McKenzie said everything passible was done for the little girl from receiving the burns, up to the time of her death, which was due to convulsions, consequent on 44' the injuries. _

In humming up, the Coroner stated that it could not be too widely known that the very worst thing anyone could do, was to place a child which had been burnt into cold water. The very best thing was to take a woollen cloth, and fold it round the person, thus extinguishing the flames, and giving the person a better chance of recovery. He had no doubt that Miss Rowles did what ,

she thought best in acting as she did, and his remarks did not apply specially to her. What he said was for the benefit of the general public. A verdict of" Accidental death "was recorded.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
CHRISTMAS AT WARRINGTON. PADGATE INDUSTRI&L_ SCHOOLS.

Christmas kept up at the Padgate Industrial Schools ""1 in the usual manner. A capital dinner, which consisted of roast beef, potatoes, and plum pudding, was served in the schoolroom, which had been tastefully decorated with palms and various kinds of plants, banners, Japan- ese lanterns, evergreens, Promptly at ene o'clock the bell was rung as the signal for the children to as- semble, which was done in good order. Grace having been sung, the dinner was commenced, and was very much enjoyed by the children. After they had had their fill of beef and potatoes,they were served with plum pudding. While the tables were being cleared for the serving of the pudding, the band of the schools played- the following selections of music, for the rendering of which they were heartily cheered :—" Hail, smiling morn," " 11. re's health tj, all good lasses," " The mis- tletoe bough, " F T he's a jlll7 good fellow," "Auld lang Sync," " t 1 m, sweet home," and "A fine old English gentleman." The following acted as carvers and waitresses Messrs. Mines, Aukland, Tickle, Wood, house, J. Fairhurst, and the Misses Mitchell,Hialehurst- Lea, and E. Mitchell. The cooking, which was done in an excellent manner, was under the superintence of the matron, Mrs. Mines. The Rev. J. J. Langhans was amongst the visitors present. After dinner Mr. MINES, the master, said this was the twelfth, Christmas they had spent at Padgate, and he did net think they had the slightest reason to regret anything that had passed during that twelve years. Through the generosity of the people of England, the poor of this country were not forgotton at this festive season. (Ap- plause.) No school children had sat down to a better dinner than they had that day. They had first of all to be thankful to the Great Giver of all good gifts, and then to the Guardians,who were responsible for their care and maintenance. He: was sorry the Chairman of the Guardians was not present, he was sure he had been un— avoidably detained. Be then called for three cheers for- the Guardians, which were given in right royal fashion. He afterwards called for three cheers for the chaplain, the Rev. J. J. Langham, Mr. Aukland and several lady friends which were given in the same hearty fashion. Mr. IaNGHAM then briefly addressed the children, and asked for cheers for Mr. Mines and all the other teaahers and officers of the institution, for the kindness they had shown and the trouble they had taken that day. The cheers were given in a heartier fashion than before, if possible, and the children joined in the singing of" For he's a jolly good fellow" and waving of handkerchiefs. Mr. MINES briefly replied on behalf of himself and the other officers, and informed those present that the Mayor (Councillor James Fairclough) had sent a case of oranges for the thildren, and Miss Kemp,Higher Walton, had also sent a bag of sweets and a packet of Christmas cards. Cheers having been given for the &mom of these presents, the children dispersed to enjoy them- selves in different games. Various amusements were carried on until about nine o'clock in the evening. AT THE INFIRMARY. At the Infirmary Christmas was observed as merrily as could be expected under the circumstances. The wards had all been tastefully decorated with seasonable - foliage, and everything had been made as comfortable for the sufferers as was possible. Presents of various kinds were received frem the Mayor and alayoress and Mrs. Monks for distribution, and the usual Christmas dinner was served to all. The aged men also received their customary allowance of tobacco. WESTON.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
TEM REV. W. H. STABLEB.—On Sunday, the Rev. W. H. Stables, M.A., F.C.S., wile for some time has been curate of Weston, was ordained priest by the Bishop of Chester.

DISTRIBUTION OF CHARITY.—On Thursday, what known as Orred's Charity, was distributed by the Rev. Canon Wood. in the schoolroom, Weston. About 80 of the deserving poor in Weston, and Weston Point,. received gifts of money varying from 2s. to 10s. WESTON CHURCH TEA PARTY. —On Thursday evening,. . the annual congregationa tea party in connection with Weston Church, took place. A good number sat down to tea, and the subsequent proceedings,which comprised a miscellaneous programme, were presided over by the Rev. Canon Maitland Wood. CHRISTMAS SERVICES.—Weston Church was beautifully decorated for the services on Christmas day, which were well attended. The Rev. W. H. Stables, who was or- dained priest on Sunday, celebrated Holy Communion for the first time. Be also preached a sermon at matins. —ln the Wesleyan school. on Christmas day a tea party and entertainment tusk place. There was a good attendance, and the after meeting was presided over by Mr. J. Ball. A very interesting programme of songs, riacitations, &c, was gone through.---The annual treat to those who attend the day and Sunday schools was given on Wednesday. After rev, Mr. Dunbabin presided at the entertainment. Pi:z,-s were distributed by tho chairman to those who Ind been awarded them for regular attend- ance, and gxid i-onduct during the year.

TEA I!.IEETINGS AT :...;ANKISY BRIDGES. The aunual treat, to the scholars of the Sankey Bridges Wesleyan 6unday school was held, during. the present week. It been the custom hitherto. for the whole of the scholars to meet together en one night but owinF.l. to :he crowded state of the school, it was decided to have two nights. The elder portion of the scholars accordingly met on Wednesday evening, end the younger on Thursday evening. Excellent teas were provided each day, and the latter pr.)rt'.o:i oftte eveaings was do to games.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0091.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
^

===== 0002601_18941229_art0092.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• 147.71-.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW TO DEFEAT OUR ENEMIEzi.

Everything that tends to weaken our constitution and render it liable to disease is an enemy of mankind, and everything that tends to withstand the attacks of these enemies and to restore health and strength to the human system is a true friend. Among the most prominent and most dreadful, like so many generals in the attacking orces of the great enemy of mankind—death—may be mentioned the following :—lndigestion, liver complaint, nervous disorders, and chest affections, while the differ- ent symptoms by which these diseases manifest them- Selves may be regarded as so 'many sub-officers in the ranks of the enemy. When any one of these attacks us we may be certain that some of the others are close at hand. The stomach, liver, lungs, nerves, and blood, are portions of the body that the enemy is very prone to assail, and if he succeeds in maintaining his position for any length ,f time in any one of them, and is not quickly expelled, he soon extends his pernicious domin- ions to other parts of the body. When the stomach is dis- ordered, we may be certain that the enemy in some form or other has gained a foothold there, and if the food be not properly digested, the blood does not receive a suffi- ciency of the vital particulars necessary to diffuse through all parts of the system in order to afford proper nourishment to the body. In our climate, affections of the chest are very prevalent in the form of colds, coughs bronchitis, asthma, /cc. By the insidious attacks of these varicus enemies of man, thousands are annually laid low and brought to a premature grave. This need not be the case. The enemies can be defeated and ousted. Make a determined stand against their attacks. Seek the aid of true and tried friends to eject them when they have taken possession of any part of the body. The best friend in such cases, and the one most certain to assist you in repelling the enemy under any of the above guises is Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters. It is a natural remedy, being entirely vegetable, each dose con' taming a suitable quantity of Quinine, together with the active principles of the following well-known medi- cinal herbs :—Sarsaparilla. Gentian, Burdock, Saffron, Lavender, and Dandelion combined in most happy pre- portions, and concentrated in a pure state, as well as being scientifically prepared to be suitable to all agas, and at all seasons of the year. Above all see that you get the right article, with the name GWILYM Evaras' QUININE BITTERS on Stamp, Label, and Bottle. Refuse all imitations, and insist upon having NoTanaa BUT GWILYM Evass' Quirase BrrTorßS.

THE VEGETABLE TONIC. Prices: Bottles, 2s. 9d. ; double size, 49. ed. Sample bottles, Is. lid. To be had of all Cbemists, or direct from the Proprietors : QUININE BITTERS MA.NITYArTURING CO., LTD., LLANELLY, SOU al WALES.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAtiI6TRATES.

THEFT OF MONEY BY TRICKERY. On Monday morning at the Borough Court, Maria Simpson,Cadishead, and Sarah:Ellen Hansbury, 4 Ho bin son-yard were charged with stealing by means of a trick from Isaac Johnson in the Old Crow on Saturday night Last, half a sovereign his property.—The Chief Constable said the complainant resided at Walton, Runcorn and about 8 o'clock on Saturday night last he went to the "Old Crow," Fennel-street and sat down in the taproom and called for some cider. The prisoners then came near him and asked him to "treat them," to which he had no objection. They had beer twice at his expense and took payment from him. They afterwards had Some more ad for this complainant gave Simpson half a sovereign which she took to the landlady and got 93. 7d. change. The two then tried to get away with the money but the landlady stopped them ; they then turned back and went out by a side door.--Sergeant Taylor had apprehended prisoners and had them searched but no money was found on them. When charged ,Simpson said "I know nothing about it" and Hansbury said" I have nothing to do with it."—Corroborative evidence was given by complainant,Sergeant Taylor,and the landlady of the Old Crow. Prisoners were sent to gaol for one month's hard labour each. A YOUTH'S BRUTALITY TO His PARENTS. At the Borough Police Court, on Monday. before the Mayor and other magistrates, Thomas HennesY, 3. Cropper's-brow, was charged with assaulting and beat- ing his father, Patrick Hennesy on the 21st December.— Complainant said that on the 21st December at 11 p.m., he had a bit of a quarrel with defendant who was rough and would not let him out of the house. He struck osmplainant in the face giving him a black eye. De- fendant was under the influence ef drink at the time but knew what he was doing.. A few years ago defend- ant had illtreated his father the same way, and for some time past had been doing no work.—Sergeant Chantler proved apprehending tie defendant, and Inspector Spinks said complainan, had several times complained about defendant's conduct and witness had also seen complainant with "black fiesh."—Defendant's mother said she had seen the defendant striking her husband, , and she asked him "What are you doing to your I father." Alderman Harrison . Why do you allow this hulking fellow to live upon you? D-fendant (angrily) : I am not a hulking fellow. —The magistrates sent him to gaol for two months' hard labour. TEErr FROII A PUBLIC-ROUSB TILL. At the Warrington Borough Police Court. on Thursday morning,before the Mayor kchairman) and Mr.S.VVright, John Macdonald. 27, Friar's-green, Ship Canal labourer, was chareed with stealing from the licensed premises of the "Higher Seven Stars," Is. 31. in cash, the pro pertv of Messrs. Walker and Son, on Wednesday after- noon.—ln his statement to the magistrates the Chief Constable said the complainant was James Wilson, bar- man at the Higher Seven Stars vaults, Bridge-et. At 520 on the afternoon in question the defend ant,accom- panied by two men, came into the vaults and asked to be supplied with a glass of beer. Defendant was supplied with the liquor and complainant, who had moved to another part of the bar was attracted by a signal from one of the men, and locking through a mirror the com- plainant saw defendant leaning over the counter with his hand in the till. Complainant seized him, but the is. 3d., which he was sure was in the till a snort time before, was gone. Information was given to the police and defendant brought down to the Police Station. but only 2d. was found upon him. When charged he denied having anything to do with the meney.—James Wilson, the complainant,corroborated Mr. Hunt's statement,and P.C. Forster proved apprehending the defendant.—The was sent to gaol for seven days' hard labour. MINOR CASES. WARRINGTON BOROUGH COURT. SATURDAY.—Before Mr.J. Rtargess. DRUNK.—John Wright was fined 53. and costs for being drunk in Church-street on Friday afternoon. Mormey.—Before the Mayor (Councillnr James Fair- dough), Alderman Harrison, Mr. T. Birchall and Mr. J. W. Hayward. DESERTERS.-40h0 Thomas Kennedy and William Williams were charged with being deserters , torn the Ist West Riding Regiment at Dover. P.C. Wheatley proved the cases and was granted the usual reward. DaIINX AND DISORDERLY.—The following persons were &aft with for this offence: William Foy. Friar's Green, Ss. and costs; Luke Dowd, no address, ss. and costs ; Faulina Oultram, 58, Short-st., promised to" sign the pledge after Christmas." dismissed. STONE THROWING.—Joseph Langhorne (141. 48, John- *tree*, was fined 2s. 6d. for committing the above *trance. Cemege ON FIRE.--JRCOh Lewton. Sankey-street.was fined 2s. for having his chimney on fire on the 19th Decem Per. ASSAULTING THE POLICE.—Wm. Griffin. Friar's Green, for being drunk and disorderly and assaulting P.C. Gibbs in Bridge-st., on Saturday night, was sent to gaol for one month with hard labour. P.C.'s Gibbs and Meacock proved the case. A MARKET STALL THEFT.—Louisa Winder, 5, Earl-sr., was charged with stealing from the stall of Joseph Frisby and Co.. boot-shop and stallholders in the Mar- ket, a pair of women's boots, value 6s. 11d., their pro- perty on Saturday Dec. 22nd. She pleaded guilty. Mr. Hunt (chief constable), said the defendant was seen on Saturday night last by a boy employed at the stall to he Loitering about and afterwards take the boots and put them under hershawl.—Mr. Bowers,manager of the shop and stall, gave chase and caught defendant and took the boots from her. She afterwards came back and offered to pay for the boots, but was brought down to the Police Station by Detective Monaghan. Defendant was fined £1 and costs, this being her second offence. POCKET PlCKlNG.—Bridget Lally, 8 Hill-st., was charged with stealing from the person of William Bay- liss, forgeman, in Buttermarket-St. on Saturday night, a purse containing us. 9J. in cash, his property.—The Chief Constable said that the complainan7. Bayliss, re- sided at Sankey and on-the night in question tame out of the "Lower Angel," Buttermarket-at., with a parcel tinder his arm. The defendant who is a well-known character came up to him begging, and received 21. A moment later she thrust her has.d into his trouser's pocket and took the purse containing the money. Com- plainant however succeeded in holding her until Sergeant Rowbotham came up and took her into custody. Defend- ant was sent to gaol for three months' hard labour. FURIOUS DUIVING.—The following cabdrivers were fined for furious driving on divers dates: Percy Wised, 15 Albert-st.. offence on 15th inst.. 2i. 6W ; William Bennett, 60 Foundry-st., 16th inst., is.; William Hughestou, for bad language on being apprehended, in addition to the artme offence. 104. and costs —Mr. A. Browne, solicitor, defend in each case. DRUNK IN CHARGE. —Thomas Buckley, 78 Wellington- street, was ordered to pay 3; 61. enos for hAincr

latter

CIPV*

===== 0002601_18941229_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
CARTER'S LITTLE UVER PILLS.

Small Pill. liaeall Dose. ißmall Price. Petty in n

Cure Bile, Sallow Complexion. and B.ak Ilettaszbee promptly and cure them so as to ay Allured. Chernisbs, 18.

i 47; ta •l. 1:42,1 Purely VL77E toblo. Torpid Li-

===== 0002601_18941229_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
1

.

while in charge of a horse and cart on ,linutsford-road on the 19th December. %macs' or THE PEACE.—William IConnorand William Wright, were charged with committing a breach of the I peace by fighting in Market-street on the 15th December. —lnspector McAteer, N.S.P.C.C. proved the case and Connor was bound over to keep the peace for six months and Wright b3uill as his surety. Connor was also ordered to pay 53. Costs. THIIBSDAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair), and Mr. S. _ .

Wright. A NOTHIIII WORIeFIOt/SE "ROWDY."—Catherine Smith, or Berry, was charged with having been guilty of dis- orderly conduct in the workhouse on Tuesday.—Mr. Shearer, inquiry officer, prosecuted, and said the pri- soner had been an inmate of the workhouse for some time, and on Christmas night by some means or other, she and her sister got possession of some spirits and made themselves" beastly " drunk. Prisoner had been employed in the ward-room, and by her conduct dis- turbed the patients. When the matron interfered the defendant cursed and swore at her. This was the fifth or sixth time prisoner had been prosecuted for lik3 offences at the workous..—The Bench decided to inflict the full penalty—viz. 42 days.

BEAUTIFUL TEETH for ail. who use daily on the tooth brush a few dropa of SOZODONT, the pleasantest dentifrice in the world.

Cleanses the teetlrand spaces between them ae nothing.else will. Sound and pearly white teeth, rosy lips, and fragrant breath ensured. Ask for SOZODONT.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS.

- MONDAY.—Refore Mr. Philiit Speakman,(chairman) " an. Mr. T. Rigby. THE MUZZLING ChIDELL Wm. Tvig, blatroan, 4. Cartwright-st., Runcorn, was fined 4s. 61. iu iinz costs, for allowing his dog to be at large in Halton-road, on the 21st October. Onscamit LANG —John Kilgrass,labourer, Weston, was charged wsth using obscene language in Regent- st., Runcorn, on the 811 December. F.C. Gregory proved the case.—Defendant was fined ss. and costs. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—Henry Craig pleaded guilty to being druak and disorderly in Mersey-st. on the pre- , viaus night.—He promised to sign the pledge. and the magistrates decided to discharge him. A WARRINGTON CARTER IN TROUBLE. Thos. White- head, carter. 76. Wellington-St., was charged with hav- ing on the 11th December, at Sutton, been in charge of a horse and cart without having proper control of the same. Sergeant Benfield stated that he was at Sutton on the date named, when he met the defendant's horse and cart. The defendant was asleep at the bottom of the cart wrapped up in a rug.—He was fined 10s. and 10s. 61 costs. AN UNSUPPORTED CHARGE.—Joseph Foxley, labourer, Frodsham Bridge, was charged with having on the 16th inst. at Stockham, committed a trespass by being on land in the oceupation of Richard Nixon, in pursuit of game without having the license or eonsent of the owner. —Robert Wilson, gamekeeper for Sir Richard Brooke, stated that on the date named, about 4.20 in the after; noon, he saw a dog chasing a hare in Mr. Nixon's field. On looking in the direction from whence the dog came he saw five men standing, watching the dog. Witness went towards them but they then ran away. He gave chase, and caught the defendant who gave a wrong name and address. He did not see the defendant do anything, but he was standing on the road with the other men.— The Clerk: You don't prove that the defendant was either on the land, or that he incited the dog to chasethe hare. The defendant said he had no dog and he never left the main road. Be was discharged. Tax CHARM. OF Taarr.—Thomas Trelfa a boatman, was charged on remand with stealing a boat hook, hauling line, and main sheet on the 9ch inst.—Mr. Allen, solicitor, said that he appeared on behalf of the pri- soner and asked that the man be discharged. He under- stood that the police wished to withdraw the case.— Superintendent Atherton said the police had been unable , to find the missing property, and they would withdraw the charge.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

GBO. G. BUSSBY lc CO. are the leading makers o requisites for Football, Hockey. Golf, Baseball, Gymnasia. and all Sports and Games. Illustrated catalogues may be obtained from the local dealers, or the Aports Manufactory Peckham, London. Trade -.CCD(t. Mark.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY. WARRINGTON V. STOCKPORT.

These teams met on Saturday at Warring,ten, to play the return match. The result of the first meeting was a victory for Stockport by a goal and a try to nil, and as Stockport have only been teaten twice previously this season, a good match was looked forward to. The ex- pectations were rudely cast to the winds however on Saturday morning, for a tremendous gale was blowing, and was of such force that accurate play was impossible. The gale had only very slightly abated at the time for the kick off, and as a result, there was only a small gate, probably the smallest for a first team match, of the whole season. Mr. Pollitt, of Swinton, acted as referee, and the following players came on the field under his charge :—Warrington: Full back. Bescove ; three- quarters; Barber, Heesom, Meores, and Burton ; helf backs, Bate and Nevins ; forwards, Turner. Savage, Taylor, Berry,Bailey. Andres, and Houghton. Stockport Full hack, Alcock ; three-qeartera, Chorlton. Worsley, and Hasnett ; half hick, Norris and Mottershead ; forward., Bailey. Beard, Klee', Lord, Gib- son, Murton, Milli, and Wrigley. As the wind was so strong the game was Played in four quarters. Stockport were fortunate in winning the toss, and of course played with the wind which was blowing towards the railway end of the fill. Turner kicked off. end although there was no immediate return the wind q iiekly brought the ball back to the half way line. Here Saville broke away, and was tackled just on the line. His pass to Hasnett was blown forward, and a scrimmage ordered. The ball was taken out of danger for a short time, when flasnett, taking a flying kick, the hall went over. and Bescew conceded a minor. From the kick out Stock nort, aided hr the wind, bore down on tie) home stroneheli. and Nevins just saved in the nick of time. Another minor waa conceded. Nevins Viewed the kick out well, and looked like breaking through, when he came a creeper at the hands of Gibson. Sing now intercepted a pass from Jolley, and was only just prevented' from scoring by Heesom. From the ensuing scrimmage the ball was sent ov,r, hut a Steeknort placer found Moeree a little ton quick for him, and another barren minor Was the result. The firpit quarter now arrived with no score. Moores replied with compound interest to Bailey's kink off, and a scrimmage took place on the Stocknort line, only a miner reaultine, however. Saville by a grand sprint and kick took play to halfway,but this was only a spasm° tic effort, and Barber made the Stockport team heat a retreat. Saville again tried to get away, hut found Bate and Burton in hia way. At length. Nevins took nicely from a scrimmage on the 'quarter line, and dodging round his opnonente with Barber in close attendance. he passed to Barber just at the right time, and the Cheshire county player succeeding in Fleecing a capital try near the corner. Burton's attempt at. goal was a fine one, the hall just going outside. Pas- sing between Moor's. Heesom, and Burton was next witnessed, but they failed to break through the Stock- port defence. and half time arrived with the score War- rine.ten one try, Stockport nil. The third quarter found' Warrington unexpectedly preeeing aelinct the wind. Sa.ville be a ponderous kick sent the hall the greater length of the field. hut the whelp advantaee of it was lest. he Boseow placing one of the too speedy Sterkport men nffside,and a scrimmaae was taken at the Stnekport quarter line. Worsley had a fine chance of breaking away,butFpoiled it by mulling the hall. At length Cherlton caught an opponent's pass, and transferred play to the onnnaite end of the field, where Mottershead was tackled en the line by Heesom. The last chances of Stockport men to score were fast pasaine away. as there was absolutely no chance of scoring against the wind, and they made some desperate efforts to score, hut all their rushes came to nothing, Briscoe, and Taylor stopping two extremely dangerens attacks. The third quarter, and Steekport's final chance of scoring ended with the score still a try to nil in favour of Warrington. In the last quarter, Warrington did not immediately attack, midfield being the scene of ~n.ratinn. A flying kick by Moores was negatived by Alceek. The Warring- ton men, however. gradually wore the Stecknort men out, and during the remainder of this quarter they were constantly attacking. Burton elmoat got over from a pass from Reesem. Nothing further than a fruitlece minor for Warrington was scored, and the whistle blew for the cessation of hostilities with the W arrineten team the victors by a try to nil. The players on both sides were heartily glad when the game: was over, for the wind was so fearfully cold.

WARRINGTON v. TYLDESLEY. The shove teams met on Christmas day, at the Wilderspool enclosure. before 3,000 spectators The day was fine but damp. 'Fhe game was started by Turner at about 3.15, towards the railway goal. Warrington soon showed their pressing mode and had the hall shortly after the kirk off, in the visitors quarters. TyWesley drihh'ed to the home quarters, where Lawless secured and tranferred. The ball was brought hack and a scrimmage took place which enabled Turner to get pos- session. Dribbling along until near the goal line, he was called bank and a scrimmage ensued. Lawless took the ball again hut it V7hl9 kicked dead and a minor fruced. Tyldeates, was granted a free kirk hut nothing resulted. Rate mow appeared, taking possession and passing to his comrades, the latter failed to score. Warrington were now granted a number of free kicks, sending the leather in the visitors twenty-five. Exchange kick; were very frequent between Lawlesi and the Tyldeslev men. At length a Tyldesloy man broke loose and attempted to score hut was called hack. A scrimmage took place, from which El ,ughton scored. Tiylor kicked for goal but failed to improve. Half-time : Warrington, 1 try Tyldesley, nil. On restarting, Houghton was again 'the scorer. Jolley klcke4 for coal

===== 0002601_18941229_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
A GENUINE FACT.

vrm worry because you lrok 4n very pl!.. with lips almost white and feel as though nothing could re- store you to vigorous• hannv life ? If so. take Cock- hurn's Tome Blood rills and stop worryina. They mak- cheelo like roses and delicate ladies strong. Of all Chemists in boxes at is.. 2s. 61. and 4s. 6d.. or per post 21. extra direct trom the makers, CocxnunNT's Dnuo STORE, H0w2r1.0.. Glasgaw. Agent for Runcorn: Messrs. SPEAKMAN TRox. 7 High-street.Warrington ocrrs, Limited.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0101.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• , ,

===== 0002601_18941229_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1894.

his 25. Hem a pack was formed and Garrity passed over to Whitehead, who kicked, and the wind lifted the high and carried it over the bar, thus giving the Rangers a lead of four points. From the restart the home for- wards quickly got to work ,and carrying the pack rushed the bah over the Rangers' line, but Chapman kicked dead when one of the home players was in the act of falling on it. Even play followed, and the efforts of the players to gather the ball caused much amusement to the few enthusiasts who had braved the elements. At length, a cancerted rush ended in Walker scoring,but needless to say the kick was a failure, the wind carrying the ball across the ground. From the kick-out a move- ment was started which ended in Houghton grassing Berry in the home 25, the interval arriving with the score Runcorn, one try ; Rangers, one dropped goal. Squires restarted, and Chapman stayed a rush of the ' home forwards pluckily. but a moment later Warder had a drop at goal, which just passed outside. Runcorn now pressed severely, but much time was wasted by the ball being carried out of the ground, the wind at this juncture blowing with tremendous force. Conse- quently the play was of a desultory character, and wretched both for spectator and player alike. Time put an end to the fiasco, which was a relief to all. The final scere was—Runcorn, one try, four minors ; Rangers ,one dropped goal.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
but was unsuccessful on the kick out. Tyldesley presto i and forced Warrington to defend when La wlcss gathered, and sent the ball ia the visitors' tetritory, but it was shortly afterwards returned. Warrington now brightened up considerably and for the remainder of the game had much the best of matters. Boscow received and did not forget to make his mark. A scrimmage fol- lowed from which Tyldesley scored a try, which Berry neatly converted. Turner restarted and took the ball to the visitors' twenty-five. A line-out took place near the goal but Jolley seeing an advantageous opening took possession, but was held up when on the point of scor- ing. The bill was now transferred to the home quarters where Boscow made a daring save. Moores received and made his mark, Warrington seeing that time was at hand would not be beaten. They began to press more severely. I scrimmage taok place on the visitors' goal line and Turner kicked a penalty goal. Time was called with the result Warrington 1 goal, 2 tries; Tyldesley 1 goal.

WARRINGTON v. WEST HARTLEPOOL.

For the holiday match at Nlarrington on Wednesday the homesters took on West Hartlepool, hitherto strangers to Warrington, who brought a representative team with them, including Gibbons, the North team forward. Some 3,000 spectators had assembled when Turner, half-an-hour after advertised time, kicked off. There was little to choose with regard to %.1 nd , for what wind there was was a cross-wind. The dulness of the day and the slipperiness of the ground was, however, a distinct drawback for good football. The play was not five minutes old when Nsvins, taking a pass from Tay- lor, scored in a favourite position, Burton putting on the finishing touch by placing a goal. West Hartlepool followed with a short turn of pressure, their essays,how- ever, being checked by Burton, who made a road for himself, and was well on the way when the whistle sounded for some informality. Armstrong transferred for a moment. This time Burton got clear away, and made a long and accurate pass to Barber, who held it well, but on repassing it to Moores, sent the ball out of the latter's reach. From the scrimmage which followed Barber made no mistake, securing neatly, and romping over an easy try, which, however, remained a try,Burton's kick for goal being charged down. Between a good run by Barber and a kick from his mark by Heesem, Warrineton kept close in the visitors' quarters, where a good defence was shown. Blakedale cleared with a hasty kick, which reached half-way. where Nevins stayed its further progress. The ball was speedily back again, causing Maclellan to kick dead when Barber was within an ace of scoring. Overton was the first to call upon Boscow, who exchanged with good interest, and let his tbree-qiiarters' get in their stride. By pretty combination between them, which non- plussed the visitors' defence, they put Garretty in the way to score, and this Garretty just managed to do, for he had difficulty in getting the better of Moralee. Gib- bons put in a powerful run to half-way, where Moores pluckily stopped his career. Half-time score :—War- rington, one goal two tries ; West Hartlepool, nil. On resuming the visitors showed there was still a lot of play left in them, for they assumed the aggressive, and Arm- strong narrowly missed landing a gaal from a well-taken mark. The home three-quarters, who showed so advan- tageously in the first halt, again got to work together, and Barber got well into his stride. He was closely at- tended to by Burton, and at the moment of being tackled he adroitly handed across to Burton, who had no difficulty in augmenting War- rington's score by another three points, Turner failing to increase their value. Gib- bons from a penalty put Warrington's goal in jeo- pardy, but the ball fell into the hands of Bascow, who had plenty of time to send it clear. The way was soon opened for Burton, and that speedy player making short ! work of the efforts of the visitors' full back, aeain scored. This try, so well earned, was poorly utilised by Turner. After a longer spell of defensive work than hitherto the Warrington three-quarter line came away with a racket, Burton in possession. When challenged, Burton simply passed to Heesom, who scored the sixth and last try for Warrington. Nevins's kick for goal failed. It was these frequent breakaways of the speedy Warrington wings that told against the visitors, who. though plainly overmatched, never acknowledged them- selves beaten, and, in fact, during the second half at least they had as much of the play as their opponents. Towards the close of the game they had the satisfeetinn of seeingMoralee,who in the second half was transferred from full back to three-quarter,break through the home defence and score in a favourable position. As Gibbons failed to improve the point, the final score read :—War- rington, 1 goal, 5 tries (20 points) ; West Hartlepoll, 1 try (three points). 'learns :—Warrington: Full hack, Boscow : three- quarters, Burton, Fleesom. Moores and Barber; half- backs, Bate and Garretty : forwards, Turner, Houghs ton, Andrews, Dakin, Taylor, Bailey, Nevins and Savage. West Hartlepool : Full back, Morales ; thres- quarters, Armstrong, Hughes, Overten and Maclel- land ; half-backs, Liddell avid Blakedale ; forwards, Gibbons, Geentv, Widdowfield, Metcalf, Quelch, Dale, Emerson and Kirkup.

WARRINGTON A V. STOCKPORT A.—These A teams met on Saturday afternoon at Edgley Park. Stockport, in boisterous weather. The Warrington team had under- gone several changes. Knight taking the place of Mae- nion, at full back, Appleton the place of Edlesten at three-quarter backs, Forster the place of Foden at half back, and Teare the place of Savage in the forwards. Stockport placed a strong fifteen in the field, including T. Haslam, a retired Cheshire county forward. Considering the severe wind that prevailed. there was a fair attendance when the teams lined up for the kick off. They were eomnosed as follows Warrington : Full bick, Knight three-quarter backs. Carey, Forster, Appleton and Law- less; half backs. Bennett and Forster ; forwards, Trare, Barratt, Randles, Hill, Saunders, Swift, Burrows and Hampson. Stockport A. : Full hack, T. Flaslam ; three-quarter backs. W. Walker, G. Alcock, P. Sands and H. Brain ; half-backs, C. Goodall and T. Heathente ; forwards, G. Mills, J. Chadbarn, J. Miller, R. Abby„ I. Levey, J. Sharrock, Thornily and G. Fleywoorl. The game was played in four quarters. Mills set the ball going. During the first half Warring'on had to face the stiffish breeze, and play ruled in their 25. Warrington here gain.al a free kick in an advantageous position, but the kick was a failure. Same interesting play followed, in which the Stockport men forced their way into the Warrington territory, but without result. Forster ,secured, but ha was soon dropped on. A kick by Lawless sent the hall into the Stockport territory.but it was returned by Has- lam. At length Warrington commenced an attack and forced the hall again into the Stockport 25. However, they failed to score. Half time, Warrington, nit ; Stockport, nil. After the restart Carey secured from a pass but failed to do anything with it as he was tackled by Abbr. A scrimmage followed whereby Warrington °int possession and scored. The referee, however, would not give the try but ordered 3 scrimmage near the goal line. Haslam again got the leather and forced it into the Warrington territory. The Soekoort men pressed more severely, and Thornilev from a scrimmage scored the -first try for S:ockport. Hasilain kicked for goal hut failed to improve the score. Fine passing was the main feature amongst the Stockport men, and Walker, from a pass from one of his comrades just managed to get over the goal Haslam again kicked for goal with nothing resulting. Lawless got possession (he being in tine form), and run- ning through was locked close in. Time was called with the score Stockport, two tries; Warrington, nil. It I was evident throughout the game that Stockport was I the better represented of the tw 0 teams.

I WARRINGTON AT. ROCHDALE HORNETS A.—Played At • Rochdale on Wednesday afternoon, before a fair number of spectators. Owing to the lateness of the arri gal of the Warrington team, Rochdale did not kick off until twenty minutes to four. Higgins started, hut the War- rington defence was good, the hall being taken soon after the kick off into the R •ichriale territory. The ball, however, was transferred to the Warrington quarters, a scrimmage resulting. A line-out followed, whereby Dearden took possession, and made a grand pass to Law, this player having the good fortune to get over. Melle- dew kicked for goal successfully. After the restart 1 Rochdale was again in the forefront, Law taking posses- sion and running was held up just at the goal line. A I minor was afterwards forced. Fine passing between 1 Buckley and Edmonds enabled the latter to get over, but the referee's decision was against the try. Carey (Warrington's full back) got the hall, but was dropped upon before getting far, the re- sult being a scrimmage. Law again secured from a , scrimmage, and scored, Melledew neatle converting. Half-time score :—Rochdale, 2 goals; Warrington. nil. Randles recommenced, and a number of scrimmages followed near the Warringtonians' goal line. Melledew caught and made a very good attempt to 'out the hall over the crossbar. Deartien again took the hail, and carried it over the goal line, the goal kick provieg unsuccessful. Darkness was coming on, and time draw- ing near, when Fletcher scored the final trr of the match. Score :—Rochdale A, 2 goals, 2 tries ; Warring- ton A, nil. WARRINGTON ST. MARY'S T. STOCKTON HEATH and RANGERS (Corabined).—This match was played on Christmas Day at Stockton Heath before LOW specta- tors. Tile Combination were beaten in all points of the game, and the Saints retired winners by one goal, two tries, to ni!. Hig,ginbotton, Rutter and T. Roughler scored a try each. RUNCORN V.BROUGTITON RANGERS.—On Saturday after , a lapse of a couple of seasons these teams met on the 1 Irwell-lane enclosure, before a meagre attendance of . spectators,and:in a perfectlhurricane.The ground'also was in wretched order, owing to the heavy rain which had j fallen during the week. The following composed tbe • teams :—Roocorn, Houghton, ha •k ; Warier. Butter- worth, W. Garter and Gregory, three-qqarter hacks ; S. Abrams and Robinson, half backs ; kV V. Faulkner, J. , Langley, J. Davies, Farmer, F. Gayter, Lightfoot, John- son, and Walker,fnrwards. Broughton Rangers : Back- ing, hack; Berry, Chapman, Whitehead, and Howe, three-quarter hacks; Hosker and Garrity, half hacks ; ; Shepherd, Medley. Fitton, Skidmore, McGowan, Connor, I Carnydale,and Squires,forwards. Davies started a game of two twenties,and against the hurricane. The opening was of a laughable character, as the players floundered about in the mud. Houghton eventually was held in

• "

I

===== 0002601_18941229_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
THINGS HEARD AND SEEN AT WARRINGTON.

The Silver-street Wesleyan day school held a very successful 'concert on Thursday last week. Mr. Upson has had a very successful nine years at the school, and notwithstanding drawbacks owing to its situation, the school has produced some very good results. Mr. E. J. Guest, J.P , has worked very energetically on behalf of the school, and it is in a great measure due to him that the place has been carried on so well.

The annual meeting of the Warrington Savings Bank showed an excellent state of affairs, and if trade is bad in the town, the trade in the bank is increasing. The bank is,. from the statement of the actuary, on a very sub- stantial footing. It is the ambition of the chairman to have a sum of £300,000 in the bank. As there is already over £298,000 it is probable that his wish will soon be realized. The working people of the town are evidently tnrifty,taken as a whole, and it was stated that the best customers were among the small wage earners.

The good old custom of " roping " a wedding party has apparently not yet died a natural death, and the fact ot it being done at Stockton Heath recently led to a litigation at the County Court. The case was a rather amusing one. This particu- lar wedding party had been " roped " three times, and on coming to the fourth rope, the driver was determined not to submit to the blackmail, and in endeavouring to get past the rope he caused the downfall ot some pailings and damaged a stone coping. Mr. Bostock who owned the damaged property therefore took proceedings against the Cirriage Company who owned the vehicle. But there is such a thing a 4 a right of way, and as the driver was only exercising this right the verdict was in favour of the Carriage Company. This is hard upon the property owner no doubt but he will know better in what direction to look for redress the next time.

Warrington people are not quite as often treated to an interesting lecture on the evils of opium- smoking as they are to one on the social ravages committed by indulgence in intoxicating liquor, therefore more than usual interest was evinced in Mr. J. G. Alexander's lecture on his "Anti-opium Tour round the World" at the Y.M.C.A. on Wednes- d y night last.- In his address the lecturer instanced very strongly the bad effects, morally and physi- cally, of the use of opium as a "weed" 6r food. The work and purposes of the Royal Commission, which he accompanied,were also satisfactorily dealt with by him, but most of the interest was naturally centred in his account of an interview with Li Hung Chang, late prime minister of China, in which that statesman gave very decided opinions about the evils of the opium traffic, and the way in which England forced the Chinese to trade in it. The Y.M.C.A. "evenings " are now in full swing,and Mr. Stewart (secretary) is to be congratulated on the success and attractiveness which have, up to the preßent,characterized them.

Which cf the candidates in the Board of Guardians election was it that declared that he was "quite parsimonious" about the result? He meant, of course, that he was quite indifferent, but like Mrs. Malaprop he got hold of the wrong word. I am told that it was the same gentleman who, in discussing same municipal affairs, once declared with great emphasis, "The Town Council has no jurisprudencki in the matter but I acquee.ze." Who will say after this that there is no originality in Warrington?

I see that the new " Parish District and Town Councils' Guzette," deals in its legal column with the question, " Is discussion on the election of an alderman permissible ? " which has been warmly disputed in the Warrington Town Council. It states that it can and nothing in the statute to render discussion illegal. It therefore comes to the conclusion, which seems to be the merest common- sense, that the "absence of express permission cannot of itself be taken to amonnt to prohibition.' We are told as a matter of fact, that the Municipal Corporations' Act does not specially provide for dis- cussion-on any subject. It would appear from this that a discussion on any subject might be ruled out of order in the Town Council with just. as much legality as a discussion on the appointment of an alderman.

Monday :last week, !the night 'chosen for the performance of the concert in aid of the Cheshire Lines Committee Brass Band Fond ' was scarcely the most suitable, considering the important fact that it was election night. This no doubt accounted in some measure for the meagre attendancl at the concert, which was excellent from a tnuxical point of view. The two difficult and well played pieces by the band gave striking proof that, though not an old band by any means, they are capable of "tackling" I most of the ponolar pieces from the oper-ttas and overtur,s. The Liverpool and Manchester artistes, too, served to set. off well tlio talents of our lopal singers, judging from the encores and other manifestations of satisfaction, all succeeded in pleasng that fickle god—the Warrintzton public.

The crowded state of the streets at. the present time is no doubt largely due to the bright and at- tractive appearance of the shop windows which are decked out. with all kinds of finery, and Christmas. specialities. On looking through the four main streets, one finds no end of variegatel sights etq entertaining to the old as the young. No stronger proof of the imperative necessity for the widening of the streets near Market Gate could be wished for, then that provided by a walk—or rather an attempt at one— through. them R t the prezent season. At the first glance one almost despairs of getting through. without reslrtinz to the desperate resource of "climbing over heads." As thPre is an end to all things we may reasonably expect an end to this nuisance at tome future date and may-be—there's just a possibility—before the end of the present centuryl

As usual, when elections do not result to their satisfaction, our local Tories, or at. all events their newspaper. launch the amiable changes of " treachery" against the whole Liberal party. An agreement was, as every one now knows, come to that the Guardians elections should not be fought. politically, and in spite of all that has been or may he said, that. compact was faithfully observed by the Liberals. It is true that Mrs. Clay was strongly supported in Whitecross ward by many well-known Liberals, but these voluntary workers supported her on the same grounds as 90111 e ComPrratives. namely, that she was by far the mot suitable candidate. It is complained that, workers of the Conservative persuasion did not turn out very readily to support the candidates of their own way of thinking. Well, perhaps vo'nntrity work is not in their line; they like a quid pro quo. But still lam told that Mr. Pilling at all events could not. complain of fl want of hell" by Conservative ofillials. It looked very much as thougil all the party machinery had been set. in (motion on his behalf, in spite of the understanding to the contrary.

flow is this for an "election humour." A well- known Tory sent his carriage into Orford ward on Ntonday to help in bringing Mr. Shaw's supporters to th. poll, hut the driver having been wrongly instructed, or having misunderstood his in6truc- tions, commenced bringing Mr. Cross's voters and kApt, on at this good work nearly the whole of the afternoon h?fore the mistake was discovered. dr. Shaw is very unfortunate.

VOLUNTEER PRIZE DISTRIBUTION.

The annual prize distribution of the First Battalion P. W.V.South Lancashire Regiment took place on Friday night last at the Drill Hall, Major Ridgway presided and presented the prizes. There were alsi present Captain Edelston, Appleton, Chorlev, Fairclough, Silverthorne. Major RinowAv in opening the proceedings, said that he was sorry to say that toe Colonel could not be pre- sent. The battalion was never in a better state than it was now. The present strength of the ; battalion was 689 men out of a possible strength of 704, which was the strongest number since ho joined it 15 years ago With regard to the camp, it was thought, that a change was necessary. They bad been three years in brigade camp, but now it was decided to go into regimental camp, and the battalion would go on the last week in June, which was holiday week at Warrington, and therefore more convenient for the men. It had been , stated that Colonel Greenall was retiring. That ought never to have appeared, as it ought first to have been announced in the orders. Colonel Greenall was the old- est colonel in Lancashire and had done a great deal for the Volunteer movement. . _

Captain SILVEHTHORNE said that the figure of merit this year was 151.93, while last year it was 157-75. The recruits figure of merit last year was 147, while this year it showed a large increase, being 170. Major Ridgway then proceeded to distribute the prizes. The arrangements for the Christmas prizes were car- ried out by a committee of sergeants as follows :- Sergeant-Major Sullivan, Sergeant-Instructor Barker, ! Colour-Sergeants Jolley and Wood, Sergeants W.Taylor, ! Minshull, Wailing, Conner, S. Taylcr, Bramliall, C. Russell, Bugle-Major Plinston, with Colour-Sergeant W. Spencer, piesident ; Colour-Set geant A. Potter, treas. ; and Colour-Sergeant J. T. Bennion, secretary. List of tradesmen's Christmas prizes :-The Grand I Clothing Hall Co.,goods, value,£2 ; Messrs. Blundell and Son, 2 tons ceal ; Mr. T. Sutton, coal vase; Mr. J. C. Sutton. coil vase ; Capital and Labour Association, 215.; Messrs. Hutt. and Co., clothing, 215.; the Manchester Clothing Depot, clothing, 215.; the Warrington Football Club, goods, value 208. ; Messrs. E. and A. Eustance, a clock, value Hs.; Mr. R. W. Francomb, ton coals ; Messrs. P. Walker and Sons, turkey ; Mr. P. Pearse, album ; H. S. Page and Co. goods, 133. 6d.; Mr. James Standish, cigars 12s. 6d. ; Messrs. Freeman, Hardy. and Co., boots, 10s. 6d.; Messrs. Stead, Simpson and Co. goods, 103 6J, Mr. Birtles, half-dozen photos ; Messrs. Dolan Bros., boy's suit; Messrs. H. Milling and Co., canister tea ; Messrs. T. and W. Woods. vases ; Mr. Bradley, trousers; Mr. Banner, vest ; Mr. H. N. Hough- , ton, copper kettle ; Mr. Chesters, pipe; Mrs. Brundritt, 2 bottles whiskey ; Messrs. Liptons, ham ; Public Bene- fit Company, goods; Messrs. Fletcher ant, Lee, 2 shirts. Mr. T. H. Poole, shirt; Mr. Rymer Young, goods ; Mr. H. Gittens, brandy ; Mr. H. D. Naylar, album ; Messrs, J. and W. Dutton, umbrella; Mr. Lowe, Sankey-street, pair etchings ; Mr. J. Beswick, m. pipe •, Mr.J.H.Parkin- son, goods 7s. 6d.; Mr. Price, ham; Mr. C. Mounfield, 2 shirts; Mr. W. B. Houghton, tin Mazawattee tea ; Messrs. Hall and Son, hat; Unsworth Bros., hat; Mr. H. Jackson, silver-mounted stick ; Messrs. E. Rich- ardson and Sons, tea; Mr. J. Garland, lamp ; Messrs. , Caldwell, Limited, knives and forks ; Mr. Partington, hat ; Mr. Smart, Queen-st.. bread ; Mr. Hodgkinson, Bridge-st., silk scarf ,• Mr. Coates, shirt ; Mr. Pigot, tambourine; Mr. Fleming, slippers; Mr. Paul, silk scarf; Venn and Sons, braces; Mr. Wright, spirits ; Mr. Whittaker, hare ; Mr. Balmford. shirt; Mr. J. Marsh, clock ; Councillor Baird, hare; Mr. Travers Pickmere, brandy : Mr. J. Scotson, rum ; Mr. P. Leigh, 31bs. tea; Mr. P. Lake, two boxes cigars; Mr. Birch Brown brushes; Mr. 'I. Prince, dressing case; Mr. J. Crank, brush ; Egerton and Co., hat ; Mr. Jenks, Albion Hotel, hare; Mr. Car- lisle, shoulder of mutton ; E. T. Evans, goods ' • Mr. Boothroyd, picture; Messrs. W. P. and W. Skelton, knives and forks ; Mr. E. Massey, shoulder of mutton; Mr. W. Cox, pork ; Mr. H. Toft, pipe; Mr. J. Wood, inkstand ; Mrs. Walsh, shawl ; R. Glendinning and Co., hare ; Mr. Birchall, currant bread; Mr. Sampson, Scotch whisky; Mr. W. Monks, twine manufac- turer, clothes line; Mr. Hutchinson, baskets; Mr. E. Booth, hat; Mr. F. Booth, hat; Mr. J. B. Isaac, 61bs sausages: Mr. A. Perris, pipe; Mrs. Nicholson ,stand and pot; Mrs. M. A. Potter, cigars: Mr. J. Monks, Packet House, spirits; Mr. Boscow, whisky; Mr. Dun, cardigan jacket; Mr. W. Charles, mutton; Mr. T. Booth, leg of mutton; Mr. J. Lea, bottle of port; Mr. Hallwood, currant bread ; Mr. T. Walsh, whisky; Mr. T. Mather Old Crow, whisky; Mr. Johnson, lamp • Carter and Sons. biscuits; Mr. Dobson, tongue; Mr. H. Ashton, whisky; Mr. Pilling, whisky ; Mr. Partridge. Scotch whisky; Mr. T. Young, Globe Hotel, Cases-street. Liverpool, bottle R. Dhu ; Mrs. Hilton, King's Head, Dunvilles whisky ; Mr. G. Lambert, Blue Lion, Duvilles whisky; Mr. H. Evans, whisky ; Mrs. Dutton. whisky ; Mr. T. Cromp- ton, spirits ; Mrs. A. Brierloy, whisky ; H. M. Ashton, toilet soap; Mr. J. Shillcock, whisky ; Mr. T. Hedge- cock, pipe ; Miss Houghton, singlet; Mr. P. Brimelow, whisky; Mr. T. Daintith, knife; E. Rush worth, whisky; Mr. Boardman, G9W heels; T. and J Riley, couple rabbits; Mrs. Hayward, goods ; Mr. Fearon, oysters ; Mr. P. L. Richardon, rope and twine manu- facturer, broom and stail ; Mrs. Booth, slippers; Mr. S. Johnson, shoulder mutton ; Farmer's Stores, tongue; Mr. J. Geddes, tea; M. Hatton, shirt; B. Stnallwood, bottle wine; Messrs. M. Bowden, tea; Mr. W. Monks, biscuits ; Mrs. , Whittle, sherry ; Mr. Green, stick; Mr. Strange,currant bread ; Pierpoint and Co., bread ' • Mr. J. Hedgcock, tobacco; Mr. J. McClew, two sticks; Mr. Hill, whisky ; Mr. R. Bayley, tea pot. 'rho following prizes were re- ceived in cash :-Messrs. P,-ter Walker and Sons, Vaults Departments, £3 ; Messrs. Greenall, Whitley, and Co., £2 25.; W. D. Houghton, Esq., 21s. ; Mr. C. W. Daven- port, Stockton Heath, 103. 61.; Mr. W. B. Roberts, 104. 61. ; Mr. J. Platt, 103. ; Eldowes and Co., 7s. 61. ; Mr. E. Connor. ss. ; Mr. J. Hatton, ss, ; W. and J. Richardson, 54, ; Mrs. Speakman, ss. •, Rowson and Sons, 55.; Mr. A. V. Aston. 3s. ; Mr. W. Benson. 2s. 61.; Friend, 2s. 6d. : Mr. Jones, 2s. 6d. ; Mr. S. Hartshorn, 23. 61.; Maginn Bros.' 2s. 61.; Mr. Banks, 2s. 61.; Mr. H. Kenyon, 2s. 61.; Mr. W. Pier- point, 2s. 61. ; Mr. Muir, Bewsey-street, 2s 614 [ Mr. R. Anderton, 2s. 61.; Mr. R. Heaton. 2s. 61.; Mrs. • Jenks. 25.; Mr. John Langley, 23.; I. E., 25.; Mr. Corney, 23.; Eagle Printing Works, 25.; Tim, la.; M. Cross, ; is. 61.; Councillor Shaw, 2s. 61.; T. W. la.; the park tailor, 6d. ; Messrs. Boydell, cash promised. Donors of prizos not appearing in the above list are requested to communicate with the Secretary of the Christmas Prize Committee, Drill Hall, Warrington.

WARRINGTON RURAL SANITARY AUTIIO KITE

The final meeting of this Authority was held on Friday act 1t the Clerk's office,He msev-stree',-yhen the ch,i irlwas loccunied hy Mr. W. Long, i.P., and there were also present Messrs. W. Houghton, A. Jolley, T. Mather, J. Houghton. W. Smith, R. Heaton, W. Balharry ; S. Satton (clerk), F. Kerfoot (nuisance inspector), Dr. Sephron (medical officer). WAYLEAVE AT PENKETH. .

The CLERK said that Mr. Garnett, of Penketh, had received 53. a year for wayleave. He also considered that he ought to have waylea Ye for another piece of land. He accordingly claimed 205. a year. There were still three years wavleave due at ss. a year.—lt was decided to pay Mr. -Garnett the 153. due and leave the other matter to 13, reported uo*n by the Surveyor. PROPOSED EXTENSION OF THE BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. The CLERIC read a letter from the Local Government Board which stated that the Town Clerk of Warrington had .(ent a representation in favour of the extension of the borough boundary. They wished to have the obser- vations of the Board upon it within three week's time. The Clerk observed that he had received notice from the Town Clerk of Warrington, and he understood that it was proposed to inelude in the berough the whole of the township of Little S tnkey. all that portion of Poulton with Fearnhead, known as the Howley district, and the Cheshire townships as far as the SUip Canal. Of course the Authority had now nothing to do with the Cheshire ' townships. On the last application for extension the Authority supported the application to include Little Sankey, except Gate Wharf farm, but opposed the inclusion of Poulton—Mr. W. Houghton said that he understood that the tenant of Gate Wharfe fatm 'was not now opposed to the proposed extension, but was rather anxious for the alteration, and desired to be in the borough. He therefore proposed that the Authority support the application with regard to the Liverpool- road 'side of the borough but oppose it with regard to the Poulton in Fearnhead district.—Mr. Heaton seconded and the motion was passed unanimously.—Mr.' W. Houghton wished to point out several astonishing state- ments in the case from the Warrington Corporation. It was stated that there was no elementary school or burial ground in the township of Poulton with Fearnhead, and also that the Rural Sanitary Authority were in favour of the borough being extended in that direction.—The Clerk promised that the matter would be laid properly before the Local Government Board.

VOTES OF THANKS. Mr. W. Long proposed a vote of thanks to the Rev. G. F. Robert., the Chairman of the Authority. Mr. Roberts was unfortunately not strong in health, and it was therefore the more praiseworthy and plucky for him to stick to his post as he had clone during the past twelve months.—Mr. W. Houghton seconded and Mr. Heaton supported the motion which was passed unani- mousiv.—Mr. Heaton proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Long for his services as vice-chairman. He said that they were very sorry that owing to the changes which had taken place. Mr. Long would not be able to be with them again.—Mr. A. Jolley seconded and Mr. W. Hough- ton supported the motion which was carried.—Mr. Long briefly replied.—A vote of thanks to Mr. Balharry. as chairman of the assessment committtee was proposed by Mr. Long, seconded by Mr. W. Heaton and supported by Mr. Heaton.—Mr. Balharry replied.—A similar compli- ment was paid to the officers of Authority to which Messrs. S. Sutton, and Kerfoot, and Dr. Sephton The proceedings then terminated.

In some parts of America the work of recording votes —— at elections is done by an ingenious mechanical contri- vance. The device counts the vote as it is recorded by the voter himself. and the result is known immediately at the crosing of the poll.

r

===== 0002601_18941229_art0105.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18941229_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
S

C WILKINSON'S SPECIAL E

1 CIJ

===== 0002601_18941229_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
I CURE YO

•#"*- -:451-cc-r-,7:7":77

,G 1 P O'g

SMITH'S TASTELESS

DANDELION ANTIBILIOUS PILLS.

is. 11d. and 2s. 91. per box (by post for 15 or 33 stamps), are a proved substitute for calomel. Are suited for either sex, and may be taken et any time. They clear the liver, stomach, head and kidneys; tree the skin of humours, purify the blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and safety. fates excess in eating or drinking. and are the most valuable at change of life, or periodical Obstruction. No Blue Pill or Mer curial., hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S., 280, Walworth-road, _ _

London.

PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CELEBRATED CORN BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLASIER, is. lid., per box, by post for 15 stamps ; a known cure, however had the case. SMITH'S INVALUABLE PILE POWDER , AND If PECTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZENGES SAME PRICES. Sold by all Patent Medicine Vendors

===== 0002601_18941229_art0108.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'

===== 0002601_18941229_art0109.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
i•

===== 0002601_18941229_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
WONDERFUL

131E,ECINIAM7S'---:-.,'•FILLS.

Are universl y admitted to be worth a Guinea a Box for Bilious and Nervous Disorders, such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach, Sick Headache, Giddiness, Fulness, and Swelling after Meals, Dizziness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Finshings of Heat, Loss of Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Costiveness, Scurvy, Blotches on the Skin, Disturbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Trembling Sensations, sze. The first dose will give relief in twenty minutes. Every sufferer is earnestly invited to try one Box of these Pills, and they will be acknowledged to be

===== 0002601_18941229_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH A GUIN-'07...i A BOX,

For Females of all ages these Pills are invaluable, as a few doses of them carry off all humours and bring about all that is required. No Female should be without them. There is no medicine to be found to equal BEECHAM'S PILLS for removing any obstruction or irregularity of the system. If taken according to the directions given with each Box, they will soon restore Females of all a-.:tb to sound and robust health. This has been proved by thousands who have tried them, and found the benefits which are ensured by their use. For a weak stomach,impaired digestion, and all disorders of the liver, they act like magic, and a few doses will be found to work wonders upon the most important organs in the human machine. They strengthen the whole muscular system, restore the long-lost complexion, bring back the keen edge of appetite, and arouse into action, with the rosebud of health, the whole physical energy of the human frame. These are facts testified continually by members of all classes of society; and one of the best guarantees to the nervous and debilitated is BEECHAM'S PILLS have the largest sale of any patent medicine in the world, being six million boxes per annum.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
BEECHAM'S COUGH PILLS.

•

"Cold Winter comes on with a Frown." and persons suffering from Coughs and kindred troubles should relieve their minds of the idea that nothing will relieve them unless it be in the form of a lozenge, or taken as a liquid. Let them try Beecham's Cough Pills, and they will never regret it. These Pills are made from a formula differing entirely from that which guides the manufacture of Beecham's Pills (yellow label) but like them will be found reliable. On the first symptons of a Cold or Chill a timely dose of Beecham's Cough Pills will invariably ward off all dangerous features. For years many families have used no other winter medicine. Every householder and traveller should avail themselves of this good, safe and simple, remedy for Coughs general, Asthma, V ronchial Affections, Hoarseness, Shortness of Breath, Tightness and Oppression of the Chest, Wheezing, &c. Each box bears a GREEN label.

FoIR.EPA.R.EI) ONLY BY

,

===== 0002601_18941229_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
THOMAS BEECHAM

St. Helens, Lancashire.

And Sold by all Patent Medicine Dealers everywhere, in Boxes 912 d., is. P2d., and 2s. 9d each. With full directions,

THE Is, ILcl, BOX CONTAINS FIFTY-SIX PILLS.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0114.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A

===== 0002601_18941229_art0115.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-U

===== 0002601_18941229_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
'l'l4E EX A M INE R, SAI RI)A Y DECEMBER 29 18:4.

IRISI!VSATBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS

Guaranteed all Pure Flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 111- per dozen.

IRISH LINEN COLLARS.

Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars, 5/6 per dozen; made special to pattern, 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9,4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS.

2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 41d. per yd. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SURPLICE LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen.

IRISH DRESS LINENS FOR SUlpi ER AND 5 EVENING WEAR. IRISH TWEED all Pure Wool. Unsurpassed for Strength, Durability, 5 and Style. Please say if for Ladies' or Gents' Wear.

PATTERNS FREE BY RETURN OF POST.

A Descriptive 13ORTE R, Prospectus UTThe most re- sent Post Free on application re- markable & cheapest to "Magazine of Music." Office, book ever published. The 20, Ludgate Hill. London, E O. Pianoforte simplified.

51 NET, . POST FREE

250 PAGES cull Music Size). Contains 70 Illustrations and over zso Songs. Dances, Carols, Anthems and Hymn Tunes.

'TOWLE'S PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS for 1 Females, quickly correct all irregularities, remove all obstructions, and relieve the distressing symptoms so preva lent with the sex. Boxes Is 14d. and 2s. 9d. of all chemists sentanywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps by the maker, II T. TOWLE, Chemist, Notti ugh= .!

ESTABLISHED 185 i

BIRKBECK BANK.

Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane, Lowioc., TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEREST salcved DEPOSITS, repayable on demand.

TWO per CENT. on CURRENT ACCOUNT,. ou minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below RIC:. STOCKS, SHARES, and ANNUITIES purchased and

SAVINGS DEPARTMENT For the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receives smalisl:na on deposit, and allows interest monthly on each completed

BIRKBECA BUILDING SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A HOUSE FOB TWO GUINEAN PER :MONTH.

BIRKBECK FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASH A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH.

The BIiLKBECK ALMANACK, with full particulars, post :re AN CIS ILAVENSCROFT. Manager.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
prCTl:eoPictßoriallAL I Tutor heig im. ii,fi, .! at Net Price, it cannot be obtained of ny book or music seller under 5s

IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN

===== 0002601_18941229_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
FRANCIS MORTON

AND COMPANY,ILIMITED

LIVERPOOL. Invite Inquiries and Reference to their

===== 0002601_18941229_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW CATALOGUE,

FENCING

AND GATE DEPARTMENT.

F. M. & Co.'s well-known System of STRAINED CABLE & IRON FENCES now in use over some Thousands of Miles at Home and Abroad, is being continually Improved upon to meet extended requirements, and complete informa- tion is supplied on application- RAIL! NGS

FOR PARK ENCLOSURES, PRIVATE GROUNDS, PUBLIC SITUATIONS, DOG KENNELS, &c.

ORNAMENTAL lIIGH-CLASS

===== 0002601_18941229_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
GATES,

TO NEW AND ORIGINAL DESIGNS, For Parks, Mansions, Villas lico.

STRONG FIELD GATES,

FOR FARMS, ORCHARDS, &e,

===== 0002601_18941229_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
HURDLES I NETTING

TREE G'NUARDS. WIRE WORK.

COIVITINT_TCYETE3 BAR IRON FENCING,.

Fitted with F. M. & C.o's Self-Lookirig Joins

LONDON OFFICE: 17, VICTORIA St., Westminster.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0122.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MEDICINE!!!

===== 0002601_18941229_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
rr OWLE' S C HLORODYNE Atit for and take 1 nu other. To WLE'SC HLORODYNE TOWLESCITLORODYNE RELIETES T 0 WLE'SCHLORODYNE COUGHS, TOWLE'SCHLORODYNE Irmr-sszA, BRONCHITIS, TOWLE'SOHLORODYNE , vONSUMPTION, T OWLE'SCHLORODYNE ASTHMA, T 0 WLE' S C HLOR 0 DYNE DiAnuncgA, TO WLE'S CHLORODYNE SPASMS, 6`c. 130. per Bottle. TOWLE. MANCHESTER. ----

I ITS OR EPILEPSY. GIDDINESS,, SENSATIONS, FAINTS. I will demonstrate to the whole world how that most dreadful of all complaints, "EPILEPSY." which has been hitherto considered incurable, can be permanently cured (without the chance of filure). Write with full hope and confidence to the " Secretary," Burwood House, Durwood Place, Hyde Park, London. He will send you, "Gratis," full instru,tions for cure. and advice on diet.

OOUTHPORT. PRIVATE CONVALESCENT HOME. TIMMS MODERATE HIGHEST REFERENCES* MISSES MARRIOT AND BROWNE, TRAINED NURSES. KNYPERSLEY HOUSE. P NRK-ROND.

THERE ARE PLASTERS AND PLASTERS.

DR. PYNAR'S

AMERICAN PINE PLASTERS. ARE MARVELLOUS AND RELIABLE. If you are. troubled -with Indigestion, Wind, or Sick- ness. DON'T TAKE MEDICINE. TRY PINAR'S PINE PLASTER, the most Wonderful Cure for Back Ache, Side che, Rheumatism, Lumbago, Sciatica; hal' A, the very worst Aches or Pains. tHEY ACT Lllih; MAGIC. Grat,ful, Comforting, Stimulating, AND EttACE UP THE WHOLE SYSTEM. Astonishing Testimonials from all Classes. SUFFERERS FROM ASTHMA SHOULD TRY THESE WONDERFUL PLASTERS. DON'T HESIT ATE. TRY THIS WONDERFUL REMEDY' AT ONCE. If your Chemist has not got it. sent Post Free for nd. by the Proprietors, LAWRENCE, AND CO., CHEMISTS, RHYL. AGENTS: RUNCORN—Mr. J. H. Weston, Chemist. WIDNES—Mr. J. Bennett, Chemist, 32, Victoria Road. EA,RLESTOWN—Mr. A. Peake, Chemist. WARRINGTON—Mr. J. R. Young, Chemist. ST. HELENS—Mr. G. Stringfellow, Central Stores. Mr. J. G. Wallbridge, Chemist. 52, Liverpool Road.

NOUT RWICH—Mr. C. M: Blades. Chemist.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
&Hag to Mt OZlttor.

THE WATCH. COMMITTEE AND- CHRISTMAS bAY ENTERTAINMENTS. Sir,—Passing through the streets the other day I was surprised to see a notice announcing a sacred c oncert to take olace onChristmas Day,in the Royal Court Theatre, Warrington. On inquiring into the matter I find that the project has been sanctioned by sbur Watch Commit- tee, in spite of the fact that charges are to be made for admission. Now, as other places of amusement have in times past been refused permission to do this kind of thing on the ground that it is illegal to give concerts in this way on sacred days, it seems very strange why the proprietors of the Royal Court Theatre have been al- lowed this privilege. Can you enlighten me as to what new circumstances have moved the Watch Committee to alter their line of procedure ?—Yours, Etc., FAIR PLAY. THE "NEW CURE" FOR DIPHTHERIA. Sir,—Dr. Dulberg, of Manchester, in a letter to a *con- temporary on the anti-toxin treatment of diphtheria, writes :—" I do not think the time has yet come when by an appeal to the public the latter is to draw the in- ference that the medical profession is unanimous in declaring the new remedy as safe and certain. I am strengthened in my opinion by the following extract from a German newspiper : Referring to the rumoured death of three children who had been inoculated with the anti-diphtheritic serum, Professor Ehrlich announced at the meeting of the German Society for Public Health that he had succeeded in tracing one such case. It re- lated to a child that had been inoculated some months ago with the serum as a protection against infection, but having lately acquired true diphtheria, died in spite of injections with Bahring's, fluid.' Professor Ehrlich is one of the pioneers of the new remedy.' And, as I opined, and said so in "Vanity Fair" and several papers, the " specific "is perilous. Or. Hansrmann, an assistant of the distinguishedrv'irchow, saYsi (" British Medical Journal," December at't, p; 1320) •" that ' serum injections could by no means be considered ha) less, as affections of the kidneys had frequently folio' in one case more severe in type than had ever yet been observed in diphtheria." The anti-toxin may also con- tain the germs of glanders, and other diseases. The Royal Commission on Vaccination, which is still sitting, is going to recommetsd, among other recommendations, I understand, for a "pure lymph "—that is, according to the ideas of the Commissioners, a lymph free from blood, as pro-vaccinal evidence on the subject goes to prove that it is owing to "bad lymph "—by which term is meant a lymph not free from blood—that vaccination is attended with risks and frequently followed by dis- ease, in many cases with a direct fatal ending. Yet this anti-toxin is a cultivation of this very dangerously ob- noxious element !—Yours faithfully, JOSEPH COLLINSON. Wolsingbam, Co. Durham, Dec. 15th, 1894.

NEW LIGHTS ON VEGETABLE PHYSIOLOGY. ' Sir,—Allow me to thank Mr. Summeri for the admirable service he is rendering to the caus& of religions liberalism. He he doing yeoman's service in exposing, however unconsciously, the follies and futili- ties of his creed. He is an excellent illustration of the fact I have insisted upon before—that faith and reason. jug won't do mix-d ; they are incompatible, and he who attempts this unnatural amalgamation is sure to lose one cf them. Many a reason has been so lost, and

_ not a few faiths. It passes my comprehension—perhaps Mr. Simmers will tell sat—where he got his botany from? It is evi- dently not of this world, so I presume it must be from another sphere. His astounding revelations in vegetable physiology are calculated to cause great emotion in scientific circles. I believe laughter is considered to be an emotion And truly, among all the dreary comicali- ties of the Christmas papers nothing so irresistibly comic has appeared as are the unhappy flounderines of Mr. Felix Summers on the vegetable physiology. It is sincerely to be wished that the Editer will not move the closure until this new Warrington worthy has emptied his scientific repertoire I. And what a versatile genius it is, which can swivel round from absolute scepticism and denial of even one germ in a wheat grain to a too generous bestowal of not one but many in the same grain! Our Mr. Summers has a splendid facility in giving himself away. Listen to this, oh ye botanists! " Let us." exclaiens this savant in a moment of inspira- tion, "let us consider for a mement what would happen if the seed did not die. Why, it would continue to throw out new plants." Shades of Hooker, Arnett, Bentley ' and Balfour,what a revelation! Would an egg" continue to throw out" new chickens? Your correspondent's acquirements in natural science, and consequently his fitness to reasonably discuss this matter, may be gathered from his analogy of the seed- -the product of a vegetable ovary—to the ovary of an animal! Alas! for the dogma of the dying of the dead, if this be the best champion it can produce. Like some other people, who ought to be better informed than him- self, Mr. Felix Summers imputes magical properties to the "ground" which it does not possess. Wheat can he grown to full fruition without any contact with " the ground." My quarrel was with Mr. Summers' "text," as I found it in a so-called scientific book, and not with the Jewish carpenter or tent-maker, whose utterances are out of the pale of scientific dispute. But when a pseudo-scientist tells me that a grain of wheat " must die are it quicken," I appeal for further information. What is it that dies? Not the living part, I am _told Avide Ben Cheyill) ; then it must be the detail part! govt. '.3.6 thy( wonder performed ? Oh! changed,you know, 14, and that's a kind of death! So! when a load of that is ' turned—that's changed too—but I have yet to be told that the coal dies in the process. But we should have ' bad people silly enough to maintain this if some Jewish artizan had said so. To the Buddhist the pagoda has no shadow; and Christianity has its shadowless pagodas, every bit as unreasonably maintained. Something of excuse must he extended to our local illuminator for his over hasty judgments upon a ques- Mina so utterly beyond him when we consider the dis- may he must experience—as one of the "blind leaders of the blind "—now he finds he has been for so lone dangling this physinal misstatement before the eyes of his flock as a divine revelation. No man will pest- attain to beavers by believing an untruth—much leas se by tp,iehing it, knowing it to b. false. In very truth this "riving of the dead cinema was a Paean idea, borrowed to act as a foundation for the absurd and impossible do2m-t of trelily resurrection. Your readers will note that tin se arguments by no means militate against the idea of the immortality of the spirit. Indeed I indulge the hope of meetieg friend Summers in the "land of the leal." Prrbaos there, " where the wicked cease from troubling and the 'wears are at rest," even Mr. Summers and I may he able to see more nearly eye to eye and agree to differ liBs. So [nought it be.— Truly yours, JOHN PEEru4.'

===== 0002601_18941229_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

EARLESTO%N BAPTIST CHURCH CHOIR. On Wednesday evening the members of the abQve choir with a number of friends, had a social evening in the school-room. An excellent supper was partaken of,after which the evening was spent in singing and games. ST. JOHN'S MISSION HALL. A Christmas tree and sale of work was held in the above hall, on Saturday evening. There was a variety of articles for disposal. of a useful and ornamental character, and as there was a good attendance of the public, a fairly good sale was made. During the even- ing an entertainment was given by the Amateur Minstrel troupe. The sale was continued on Monday evening, when there was again a p,ood attendance, and a fair business was done. The proceeds were in aid of the Mission Hall fund.

BILLIARD HANDICAP. At the Conservative Club. Earlestown, on Monday evening, the annual distribution of the prizes won at the Christmas handicap of billiards, skittles and whist, took place. Mr. C. B. F. Borro n presided, and after briefly alluding to the object of the gathering, proceeded to present the successful competitors with the prizes they had gained, which consisted of turkeys, geese, hares, rabbits, ceal. wines, spirits, tobacco, Szc.A At billiards there were 76 entries, the first six winners being W. Clarke, W. Goodwin, P. Naylor, R. Brunton, J. Kynasten, and J. Smith. There were 13 other prizes. Whist,42 entries ; first six,?. R. Roberts and J. Grey,H. Smith and J.Forien,R.Brunton and J.Rylands ; six other prizes, skittles 86 entries, first six,A.Shalleross,J.Grey,J. Cooper, J. Hughes, R.Wright, J. Rosce ;15 other prizes. At the close of the distribution thanks were tendered the donors of the prizes for their gifts, and to Mr. Borron for his services. PRIMITIVE METHODISTS, EARLESTOWN. The annual Christmas entertainment held in connec- tion with the Primitive Methodist body took place on Christmas Dat, in the schoolroom.AThere V7OS la fair attendance, the Rev. D.R. Davies presidire. A good pro- gramme of songs,recitations,violin solos,and readings was given by Messrs. J. Crompton, 0. Edwards. Master Baxter, Rev. E. R. Davies, Misses A. Dickens, and Mrs. Rawlings ; trio by Mr. and Master W. Dickens and Miss M. Dickens; dialogue, " Wanted, a clerk;" Messrs. J. Austin, J. Pendry, W. Morris, and J. Thompson. GOOD TEMPLARY. A meeting of the " Pride of Earlestown " juvenile temple was held on Monday evening in the Co-operative Hall. Bro. E. Newman, presided, and there was a good attendance. A programme of songs. recitations, Scc., was gone through, after which the youngsters were dis- missed with presents of oranges and sweets. Subse- quently the Hope of Earlestown lodge mat in the same room, Bro. G. E. Warburton presiding. Several new members were initated, any after the business of the lodge had been transacted a pleasant and harmonious evening was spent. WARGEtAVE CHURCH.

At the close of the service on Sunday evening at the above church, the choir gave a selection of solos and choruses appropriate to the season.from the " Messiah. ' There was a crowded congregation, and the various items were submitted in an efficient manner. The fol- lowing formed the programme :—" Organ overture, Mr. E. Leyland; "Comfort Ye," Mr. J. Nichols ; chorus, " And tke Glory," and "Thus saith the Lord ;" solo, " But who may abide" Mr.G.Wright ; recitation,air and chorus, " Behold.° Thou tallest ; soloist,Miss A. Corbett; "For behold darkness," and "The people that walk," Mr. W. Kay; "For unto us." and" He shall feed his flock, "Miss E. Carson; "Come unto me." SliS3 F. L. Kean; "Behold the Lamb of God,"" He was despised," Miss A. Molyneux ; " Hallelujah ;" solo and choruses," "Nazareth," Mr. C. H. Lea and male voices.

...-...--..1.,..------

===== 0002601_18941229_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
CHRISTMAS TIDE AT EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON.

The preparations for Christmas, were if anything on a More extensive scale than previously, and the shop- keepers vied with each other to make their windows as attractive as it was possible to do so. On Christmas Eve the streets presented an enlivening aspect, and until past midnight large numbers of people were about. The Viaduct Works brass band turned out about seven o'clock and visited various places in the neighbourhood, where they played selections of suitable music. A new feature noticeable in the streets, was a troupe of youth- ful minstrels, who visited various places to give selec- tions of negro songs. There could also h. seen a num- ber of young fellows attired in cut-away coats, knee breeches and top hat, and wearing eigantic false noses, but their object of so appearing Was best known to them- Christmas morning opened in a disheartenin er, rain -commencing to 'fill early, on, arsd thi ito make the fireside gatherings more numerous they otherwise would have been. Services were at the various churches in. the district, but wet- were only meagre. A fair number of feet,- enth asts braved the elements, and spent a cruple if hours witnessing a match .on the Earlestown football ground. Business at the Post Offices were very brisk, and at the railway stations the bookings were fairly heavy. All the works in the neighbourhood, with the exception of Meesre. McCorquodale's, were closed until Thursday morning, and all the tradespeople cl shops on Wednesday. , .• THE OLD YEAR. Year follows rear, time ever marnhi The numbered days of all will soon And as the dying year forever be . Engulphed in vast and dim eternity. All forms must fade ; with time they pass away. Some slow, some quickly hastening to decay ; From birth to age, and in the hour of death, We change forever with each fleeting breath. DARESBURY HIGHWAY BOARD. Is seeds of spring, when summer days are past, In autumn yield their ripened fruit at last, ---- So deth the conduct of each passing day THE PROPOSED EXTENSION OF THE BOROUGH WARRINGTON. Have its results which none may help or stay. OF A special meeting of the Deresbury Highway Board But when this errine fleeting life is o'er, was held en Thursday at the Sessions Hodse, Daresbury. Sall neither thought nor consciousnesa be more ? Mr. T. Smith Burgess presided, and there were also pre- Or have the best affections of the heart sent Messrs. W. ffradfcrd (vice-chairman), H. Talbot, Beyond a better and eternal part? W. Long, and J. C. Parr (ex-oflicios), T. Darlington, W. Veiled from the flesh,faith sees a world more bright, Beswick, T. Dutton, C. Regular, P. Tickle, J. Cooper, T. Where all is beauty, harmony, and light, J. Weir, P. Derbyshire; J. Parr, J. D4rhysliire, H. And all who suffer wrongly here shall he Eyes, S. Lewis, J. Clarke, M. Maddeck, J. Bolshaw, H. There crowned with love and immortality. G. Lela ker (clerk), and -S xinton (surveyor). " ELECTION OF cnarnerAN AND COMMITTEF.S. Farewell old rear, we cannot stay thy flight, - The first business of the meeting was to elect the Our errors pardon, we must say good-night, chairman and committees for the ensuing three months, With earth and time thy journey soon is c'er, at the end of which period the Board ceases to exist. Farewell, we follow to the mystic shore. Mr. T. Smith Burgess was re-elected chairman, and Mr. S. KENYON. Bradford (vice-chairman). The members ef the Finance Warrington, December, 1894. Committee were re-elected with the exception that Mr. Eyes was chosen in .place of Mr. Hall, and the same OUR. LOCAL CHURCHES--WARRINGTuN change was made on the Shy.) Canal Committee. nu PROPOSED EXTENSION OF THE 11.)ROUGH OF - WARRINGTON. WYCLIFFE CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH. The Clerk read a letter from the Local Government At the above place of worship on Sunday evening Board in which he was required te send the observe- a special Christmas Choral Service was held, bridging tions of the Board upon the proposed extension of the with it a large congregation. The sacred music sub- bcrough of Wa.rrineton. 'The Clerk Pointed out that mitted was admirable in its choice and the finished per- sonic of the roads which were in the district proposed to formances of the soloists, who were as fellows, together be include I, were very expensive, especially some in with their selections :—Mr. A. Griffiths, "Comfort Ye " Latchford, and they would be relieved of the expense of and " They Rebulte, lee. ;'' Mr. W. H. Wallington, those roads by the incorporation.—A long discussion "Thus eaeth the Lord,but who may abide,"&e.,and"Why ensued in which it was pointed out that the Appleton do the nations ;" Miss Roberts, "There were Shepherds," Parechial Committee was oppesed to the scheme. Mr. and "He shall feed his flock; " Mrs. Pearson, " Rejoice Darbrehire wanted to knew what Warrington wanted to greatly" and "He shall feed his flock," (part). 'rho encroach upon Cheshire for. He hoped that the floard choruses taken by the choir were, "And the glory of the would oppose the scheme. Mr. E,-es and Mr. Dutton Lord," " 0 Thou that tellest," "Unto us a child is born" were certain that the extension would be detr" "Glory to God," "All we like sheep," " Lift up your not only to the Board, but to the whole Union.— heads," and" Hallelujah." The instrumentalists for the Long' thought that Warrington would grow in tit occasion were Messrs. R. ll. Pearson and A.Knowles (first inn of the Ship Canal, and they certainly violins), W. Brown (second violin) H. Bond ('cello), R. tbetter boundaries than there were at prese Whitfield (bass), W. H. Parton (organist) and Mr. G. thoueht that the Ship Canal would make a Wallington, conductor. These gentlemen played the boundary.—The Chairman aleo emphesised the f introductory voluntary, overture to" Messiah" and a some expensive roads would be taken away from the pastoral symphony, also accompanying the soloists. Board. He did not think that it would do any injury to Hymns were sung and after joining together in prayer the Board, whatever-if the scheme were adopted. —After it'the commencement, the Rev. J. . Yonge read the a further desultory disceindoia, the following resoletion lesson,and half way through the service gave a brief ad- was passed en the motion of Mr. J. C. Parr, seconded by dress in which, after wishing everyone a Happy Christ- Mr. W. Ling :-." Mae: this Board does not recognise mast which he hoped would Ant be a merely formal that any advantage will accrue to the Board, or conventional expression- of good will, went on to ex- but in every, probability, there will be a loss plain the meaning of the magic in the "Messiah "and from the proposed extension, and they. are the different ways Christ was presented to them in that therefore not in favour of the Local Government aerie- piece. The singing. of the leoxolo,ey followed by the tioning such extension.". Benediction brought the service to a close. AN ALLEGED NUISANCE. , ...—....—. • The Glieirman said that he had a complaint to make lIA.LTON. against the Ship Canal Co: The Company had taken away sniffle palisadings from the side ef a road near Wel- - rs,-MMI • THE GALE.—Owing to the elevated position of Halton ton Arehee, anftleyone driving along the road might roll into the river. They also had a crane Which carried it was natural that the gale on Friday and Saturday was '•• ' • • es filled with rubbish over the road under which felt in all its force. Many buildings were unroofed, hay wagg"' - • ' .- and corn stacks overturned, and win( • lows blown in. people 11,d to pase.—.The Clerk promised to write to the The residences of Mr. Joseph Pritchard and Mr.Baguley, Company on the j . sub ect —The meeting then termin ate. Brook-place, suffered most severely. DISTRIBUTION OF CHARITIES.--fm Friday last, the I— • E iton and Bolton charities were dispensed in the Girls' School, Halton, to widows and deserving poor in the Two men were scalded to death on Christmas-eve at parish, irrespective of creed. The sum of about £2O Preseon by an escape of steam from a boiler which was was distributed in amounts of 53. and 104. There were being pram red for inspece ion next morning. present at the distribution :—Rev. G. D. Wray, Mr. 1 At Staveley, in Eest Derbyshire, on Sunday night, Thomas Wright. Mr. William Nixon, Mr. Joe. Stokes, I Samuel Rose, a miner, was killed and three other and Mr. C. L. Evans (representing Sir Richard Brooke). workers were injured by a fall of earth in the St. J din's Mr. Thomas Wright proposed, and it was carried unani- Fit. meusly, that a book be kept, in which the names of the A coroner's jury at South Featherstone returned a recipients could be entered, such book to be kept with verdict ..f wilful murder against Francis Larcomb the account: of the Parish Council, which every paro- head eamekeeper t Lard St. Oswald), who is in COS- chial elector of the parish might inspect and take ex- ody charged with the murder of Henry King, miner, pacts from it. Wakefield,

Ha tg tel k ball - eXCP,

imeatL Mr. W. ofdirec- require,' at. E • proper 'act that

===== 0002601_18941229_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
other selves. • manor tended than ' , held.. shinpers ')usir

the Arm-

===== 0002601_18941229_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
tosed their a' -1100

bl nolo') - •

on, ine ;

===== 0002601_18941229_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER. SATURPAY, DECEMBER 29, 1894.

THE DISTRESS AT RUNCORN.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

Warringtpn ha i every reason to be satisfied with al( I! I Christata.i matches, for on all three occasions they came out on the right side, scoring a total of 31 points to 8. This is a very good record, and there is one circum- stance which makes it all the better, and that is that in two of the matches, Stockport and T) Idesley, Warring- ton took the opportunity of having sweet revenge. The Warrington team have not had a very good time of it during the first half of the season,which closes on Mon- day, but they have finished it in capital style.

The gale which worked such havoc all over the king- dom, had a try at the football ground, but could do nothing worse than, blow down a quantity of boards which are placed round the field. It it could do noth- ing very serious to the palisading or grand stand, it, however, completely spoiled the Stockport match, for when the ball simply bounced off the ground, it was at once conveyed to the next field by the wind. With such things as these happening it can well be imagined that real football was out of the question altogether.

It was very evident on Saturday however that War- rington were the better team, for whereas Stockpert very rarely got away against the wind, Warrington had several prolonged stays at the half-way line and even beyond under similar circumstances. Nina tenths of the game wore played in one corner of the field, and the attacking players seemed to have a special liking for that corner. limo after time the defenders would send them back only to see them come again.

With such a game it is not very fair to single out players for comparison. Each side defended well as it is shown by the low score of a try to nil, and both War- rington and Stockport are to be congratulated on sherw- ing such pluck in facing the tremendous gale. Barber was the scorer of the only try of the match which gave Warrington the victory.

For Christmas Day the fare was fyldeslev who had inflicted three weeks ago the only defeat Warrington had received at home this season. Warrington were assisted by Tom Garritty, of Broughton Rangers, who was on a visit to his native town. The match was a very well contested one all through, and Warrington were able to beat the " Bongers by a penalty goal and two tries to a goal. What a pity this was not a league match Warrington must keep up their form, and then they will stand a chance of beating Tyldesley away from home, and thus capture the two points which they lost at Warrington. A noticeable feature of the match on Tuesday was that both tries were scored by the same forward, Houghton.

Still another match ! Surely three matches in five days is plenty for any player. The West Hartlepcof team, who are at present on tour, visited Warrington on Wednesday, and Warrington took the opportunity of gaining their biggest victory of the present season, win- ning by twenty points to three. The home forwards were much too good for the Durham team, and as a rr- sult the three-quarters were:able to do more than defend. They were net slow to show what they can do, when they go t half a chance, and Burton scored twice, and Heesom and Barber once each.

Although iVarrington piled on so heavy a score they had not by any means things all their own way. In a great measure the superior play of the home forwards as a lot, was the pivot round which Warrineton's repeated successos,clustered. Nevins was as active as a hare and as strong as a horse. Turner toe was generally in the thick of it but the others to a man played well, and I repeat that it was Warrington's superiority in this de- partment that laid the foundation of their success.

With two such half-backs as Smack Bate and Tom Garritty (of Broughton Rangers fame) the advantage was still further improved upon. The manner in which these two watched the scrimmagers and fed their three- varters was a treat to witness.

The three-quarter line almost monopolised the atten- tion of the onlookers. The two wings Barber and Bur- ton undoubtedly came in for chief honours, their passes, short and long, seemed to be effected with magnetic at- traction, so precise in delivery and accurate in receiving were they all. Acid to this their speediness and unselfish play and it will he seen they were the right men in the right place. Haesom was sure if not brilliant, and Moores astonished ua all by one or two famous tackles. There has been a breath of suspicion that Moores was " afeared " to tackle, but the manner in which he single- handed, successfully tackled the burly Gibbons was in itself 8 ufficient t) dispel any such croakings.

--- As to 13,42c0w he was safe and strong as ever and after the win was assurAd became venturesome inte the bar- gain. It showed well but under different circumstances might have proved risky. The game itself was free and open, and pleasantly devoid of any unnecessary rough-

tiroa. The A team has been having a bad time of it this Chri3tmas, for they have had to suffer for two defeats, one from Stockport A, and the other from Rochdale Hornets A, and they have not been slight defeats either. rhis is not like the past doings of our A team, and they should see that this state of things is altered. They will have a chance of avenging one defeat to-day, for they will again meet Stockport A, ,and as they are net at Stockport, I shall look for a victory for Warrington.

; St. Marc's made short work of the combination of ' Stockton Heath and Rangers who were opposed to them on Christmas Day. Everything comes alike to them, and it they keep on as they are doing at present, they air 'la- 'ie end of the season which They are really unmei And they do not let a

will rcifut single

minutes

===== 0002601_18941229_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
MEETING OF THE RELIEF COMMITTEE

Another meeting of the Relief Committee was held at the Town Hall, on Friday evening, under the presidency of Mr. Taylor, JR. There were also present : The Revs. Canon Wood, J. Simpson, and J. Ftolden ; Dr. McDougall, Dr. Ormsby, Messrs. F. J. Norman, J.P., P. Speakman, J.P., C.C., E. Irnison, M. Sweetinan, W. M. Williams, S. Pope, J. Poole, R. H. Posnett, A. R. Norman, and J. W. Lightburn.—The report of the sub- committee was submitted. It showed that they recom- mended that the various wards be the area for the dis- tribution of relief. That a committee be formed for each ward, consisting of the councillors and guardians. with power to add to their number, the clergy to attach themselves to the division in which they consider their services wou'd be ntost useful. That the committee arrange for the place for meeting, preference being given to the polling booths ; and that they obtain a copy of the ward register. That they notify the public that on a specified night they would attend to receive applica- tions for relief, such to be made in person or by letter. That as far as possible they refer the applicant to their last employer. That they refer chronic cases of poverty or persons in receipt of parish pay and those not tempor- arily out of employntent, to the poor law authority. That cases net included in the last two sentences be investigated by the ward committee, scheduled, and presented by the chairman of each ward to the weekly meeting of the General Committee. That a Supervision Committee, consisting of Canon Wood, Dr. McDougall, and Mr. Taylor, be appointed to see to the constitution and working of the ward committees, and that they meet an hour before the General Coen- naittee to receive, examine, and confirm the recommen- dations of the chairmen of the wards and the employers of labour. That the General Committee meet at eight o'clock each Thursday evening to receive the reports of the Finance and Supervising Committees, determine the amount of relief to be granted, and to distribute the orners.—The 'report was adopted.—lt was decided to elect a Finance Committee,conesting of Mr. Taylor,the , Rev. J. Holden, Messrs. F. J. Norman, J.P., W. Collier, E. Imison, and Callender. It was reported that Messrs. Walker and Sons, of War- rington, had promised to give L 25 to the Relief Fund, and that Messrs. Greenall, Whitley and Co.lhad decided to give £2o.—lt was agreed that the ward committees should meat on the following evening (Saturday), to re- ceive applications. This concluded the business of the meeting.—The ward committees met on Saturday even- ng and their recom nendations were submitted to the General Committee on Monday evening, when a large number of orders were distributed. On Monday evening the first meeting of the supervis- ing committee for the distribution of the relief in con- nection with the unernployed fund at Runcorn, took place at the Town Hall,under the presidency of the Rev. Canon Wood. The managers of the works of the United Alkali Co., at Runcorn and Widnes, presented reports of families, resident in Runcorn, deserving assistance. Lists were also submitted by the Ward 'Committees. Great pains were taken to see that no names were dupli- cated. In no cases of chronic poverty was relief given. Orders for food were given to deserving applicants. The General Committee met again on Thursday evening to go fully into these subjects.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHA.M.

PAIZOCIIIAL CoarßorrEn.—Tho Frodsharn Parochia, Committee met in the Town Hall on Saturday, Mr. A. Thomas in the chair. The waterworks sub-committee submitted their report which was adopted, with the exception of a clause relating to some improvement to the engine house. This was referred back to the sub- committee for further consideration.—On the motion of Mr. H. G. Linaker, seconded by Mr. Williams. it was resolved that the best thanks of the committee be accorded to Mr. Thomas for his services as chairman.— A meeting of the committee was also held on the 26th inst., when Mr. Samuel Davies, the superintending engineer of the waterworks, explained that he had nearly completed the work in respect of which he had been appointed, and expressed his willingness, as the committee was going out of office, to resign at once without the fortnight's notice to which he was entitled. It was resolved that inasmuch as all the work had not been completed, his resignation should be accepted as from the end of 14 days from the 29th inst., and that it should be left with the new committee to re-engage his services if they should think it necessary so to de.—The minutes were passed. INTERESTING PRESENTATION.-011 Monday evening the Rev. S. C. Barnhy, was the recipient of a writing desk, bearing a suitable inscription, from the organist and members of the choir of the Iron Church, Prodsham. The rev. gentleman, who is leaving the district, hasi laboured energetically in the parish for five years. PERFORMANCE OF IttP VAN WINKLE —On Wednesday , evening the first of a series of performances of the chit- I dren's cantata," Rip Van Winkle," was given in the Girl's School-room, Church-st., by a crowded and very appreciative audience. The following, who sustained the various characters, appeared in costume :—Misses Alice Linaker, Alice narrow, M. Gardner, J. Linaker. J. Jones, Annie Wilkinson, M. Hig,ginson, and Annie Irrison. Messrs. Harry Hugnes, E. Hough, A. Jones. . Warburton,A. Unsworth,and Percy Robinson. The or- :hestra *kit consisted Of gentlemen from Runcorn. who cindly gave their services, was under the conductorship Mr. Birkett Musgrove, organist of the Palish Church. ',iss Thomas presided at the organ. The piece :was ,ptionally well presented, and all who took pait in it are to be congratulated upon the efficient manner in which they sustained their resnective roles. THE GALE.—The terrific gale of Saturday proved des- tructive to property in Prod:4lam and district. Many slates and. chime --Ire were blown down, whilst numerous tree veral narrow escanes are re e residence of Mr. Dews, rash. It descended throu pied by Mrs. Daw- son, hi lustain any serious injuril Jrdinary, for weigh posts throw filor the house Perci ,as also demol an ,f, into the bed. and thence into the sitting room. alckily in this case also no one suffered bodily hurt.

reported, on, Ho' igh thE nit foT ies. it of of the . Tint id the materi

n Ho' the

oe . whe,

,az 5,

occu, lot SI eye

trao

debris force, )rn. The chi Poplars, Chu at fell th-

iLI h 4 hard th, chance si ,)r the [gh the lf Mr. ilisbed, iroern, APPLETCY

ere uprooted. Se' The chimney of th, 7 Bank, fell with a orif, upon the bed Ately she did n, Ilia escaped is ,d the imney urch-st., ,rough the roff

===== 0002601_18941229_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
" ROPING " A WEDDING PARTY AT STOCKTON HEATH.

ACTION AT THE WARRINGTON COUNTY COURT. At the Warrington County Court on Thursday last,be- fore his Honour Judge Wynne Ffoulkes,William 808 ock, builder, Stockton Heath, sued the Warrington Carriage Company for damages to a stone coping in Stockton Heath, to the amount of 12s. Mr. A. Browne appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. P. Davies defended. Mr. Browne said that the claim was only a small one but it affected the Vlarrington Carriage Company to a large _ extent for other similar cases might happen. The amount claimel was for damages to a coping stone through the negligence of one of the cabmen of the Company. There was a custom in the Warrington district, and had been for years, which was called " roping a wedding party," which meant that two parties held a rope across • the mal and thus prevented the wedding party from going home from church. On the present occasi,m, the party had been " roped "four times on their way home, and the last timo the rope was tied to some palisading in front of one of Mr. Bostock's houses, two women holding the other end. The cabman on coming up, saw it, btr; did nut stop the horse, and the result was that when it forced its way past the rope, the palisading was pulled down, and damage done to the coping stone to the amount of 12s. It might be asked, how were the Carriage Company liable ? He submitted that if the driver, when driving alonc, the highway, did not use ordinary care, and did damage to any person, he was responsible for the damage. He understood that the facts of the case were not disputed. His Honour: He was exercising his right of way. Re might break a gate if it were in his way. I think it is a pity that the old revered custom referred to, should be the subject of litigation. Many of the old customs are not to be deprecated. Mr. Browne: But property should not be injured. Mr. Davies said that he almost agreed with Mr. Browne in everything except that the driver stopped the vehicle, and asked the women who were holding the rope to take it away. He had already been stopped three times, and this time he determined to pass, and put his horse abreast of the rope, in ignorance that the other end was fastened to the pali,ade, as a number of women were there also. We submitted that if the rope had pulled Mr. Bostock's house down, the driver was not responsible. The affair took place in Red-lane. Mr. Browne: The greatest place for roping was formally the Parish Church, I have seen many a one roprd in my younger days. The Judge said that as the cab could not _get round, the cabman had the right to go through. He was only exercising his right of road. Mr. Browne said that after what the Judge had said, he could not go on with the case, and would consent to withdraw if costs were not claimed. ' Mr. Davies said that he thought it was hard on his clients as they were not liable. If:their house had been injured at the time,they could not have claimed damages from Mr. Bostock, and therefore he ought not be able to claim damages from the Company. After further discussion, the case was withdrawn by leave, Mr. Bostock to pay the costs of the cabnran, and a witness from Runcorn.

SILVER-ST. WESLEYAN DAY SCHOOL. ANNUAL CONCERT. The children's annual concert and prize distribution in with Silver-st. Wesleyan Day School was held in the Bold- st. Wesleyan Schoolroom on Thursday evening last week There was a very good attendance, and the chair was occupied by the Mayor (Councillor James Fairclough). His Worship briefly expressed the pleasure it gave him to be present and at once proceeded with the pro- gramme. The programme of the evening consisted of songs, choruses, action songs, hoop, hat, and scarf drills, and recitations, all of which were performed in a I very creditable manner under the conduCtorship of Mr. Upson, the schoolmaster, and accompanied by Miss Kelly. The scholars who gave the F(AOS and recitations were Miss Maggie Taylor, Miss Alice Hemmings, and Miss Ruth Price. The proceeds of the csncert will be devoted to the prize fund, and a Christmas tree for the , children. During an interval, the Secretary of the school, Mr. E. Guest, J.P., gave the annual report. He said that the lichool was founded almost eighteen years ago, and, considering the many drawbacks, he had every reason to congratulate the master and his assistants for the results achieved. Since the present master had entered upon his duties. nine years ago, the government grant had increased 100 per cent. The working of the schools during the first nine years cost £398 1./.s. ad., and during the last nine years £289 lls. 9d. He was sorry to say that the balance against the treasury at present was £52 19s. 7d. The premises had been twice enlarged since their erection, but they needed further enlargement for infant accommodation, large numbers having had to be turned away for lack of room. Since the school had opened. 2,750 children had passed through it. There were 301 on the books, and the average attendance for the past year had been 260, with 20 half-timers. Dur- ing the year the school had been opened 430 times, and , 97 had made over 400 attendances, and would receive I prizes. Fifteen had attended every time it was pcssible to attend. After the evening's programme had been gone through the Mayoress presented the prizes to those who had made over 400 attendances, and at the close a hearty vote of thanks was passsd to the Mayor and M tyoress for their presence, en the motion of Councillor Shaw-Green, seconded by Mr. R. G. Henshall and supported by Mr. J. W. Hayward, J.P.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

SATURDAY NIGHT PENNY CONCERT.

There was a crowded attendance at the Co-opera- tive Flail otl Saturday evening, at the usual penny concert, owing to the expectation that Mr. Fox Turner, the humorist., would be present, but at the commencement Mr. S. B. Stringer announced with regret that that gentleman, unfortunately, wont(' not be able to be present. The following comprist, a successful evening's programme Mclver, , "The Cows are in the Corn" and "The ye: worst girl in the school "; Mr. Booth, songs, " The Trysting Tree" and "My sweetheart when a boy " ; Miss Kershaw,songs, "A time for everything" and "The Miller and the Maid"; Mr. P. 1. Bate, songs, "Nancy Lee" and "Longshoreman Billy"; Mr. McDermott, Liverpool, humorous songs, and Mr. T. Boothroyd gave violin selections in a skilful manner.

I songs,

CONCERT AT SANKEY BRIDGES. On Saturday evening, a grand sacred concert was held at the Sankey Bridges Wesleyan Chapel, when selections were given from "The Messiah." The concert was of a first-class order, and there was a band and chorus of over sixty performers under the conductorship of Mr. W. Brough, the organist being Mr. T. Brough. It is a great pity that with such an excellent programme there was not a crowded audience, but the night was so boisterous that it militated against the success the concert, and there was only a moderate attendance, but those who braved the elements had a musical treat, for all the pieces were gone through with masterly precision, and, with the exception of the poor num- ber pre.ent,everything went off with great success. The concert opened with the overture at the com- mencement of "Messiah," which WAS cleverly per- formed by the band. Mr. L. Richardson next sang "Comfort ye," with fine feeling, and the chorus followed with the well-known piece, "The Glory of the Lord." Mr. D. Fanshaw was heard to advan- tage in " Tbus saith the Lord," and "But who shall abide?' Miss F. Bodle of London, received loud applause for her rendering of "co Thou that telleat," as also did Mr. D. Fanshaw, in "The people that walked in darkness." The chorus then sang with much force and in excellent style, " For unto us a child is born," followed by " Glory to God." "He shall feed His flock," was rendered in a manner which charmed the audier first part was taken by Miss F. and by 111 i. Bennett,the chorm in irt. "1 Id the Lamb of God," aext the cl 3, followed by "He 3if it as generally conced' 111: to the greatest ad a very successful in " All ye like sheep.' and Mr. L. Richardson was heartily applauded for the solo. "Thou didst not leave." " Lift up your heads" was sung in a rousing manner by the chorus, and the two solos," Why do the nations r ,bv Mr. Fan- shaw and "Then shalt break them," by Mr. Levi Richardson were well appreciated. The well-known "Hallelujah chorus" WAS well performed. Miss Gunton sang "I know that my Redeemer liveth "in excellent style. Mr. Fanshaw was greazly approved by the solo. "The trumpet shall sound," in which Mr. Armstrong ably accompanied on the cornet. The programme was brought to a close by the chorus, " Worthy is the lamb." The various soloists were in first, class form, and performed their du' without the slightest hitch. The choruses were sung with great power and harmony, and won the approval of the most fastidious. It was a matter of regret that Mr. A. B. Bailey, was unable to take part owing to indisposition.

At Featherstone on Saturday night Franc is Larcornbeli head gamekeeper to Lord St. Oswald, of Nostell Priory, pulled a revolver out of his pocket and shot Henry King a miner, so seriously that his recovery is hopeless. Mr. John Dent-Dent, chairman of the North-Eastern R ilwav Company, died on Saturday. Joseph Noble, secretary to the Rishton Co-operative Scciety, was charged at Tllackhurn on Saturday with forgery. It is Plleged that he endorsed a cheque for £so.rnade payable to John Aspirall, a member of the Socicty, The accused was remanded. The 140nch consented to accept ballsbut I fixed the sum at £l,OOO.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0135.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_18941229_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
ye a record at th( ' to beat anywhere. )ey start scoring, a lip by. STOCKTON HEATH. PAROCEILL Com: .—Th

:MITTEN. OA this committee were submitted at the meeting of the Runcorn Rural Sanitary Authority on Thursday morn- ing. The meeting of the committee was held on the 21st inst. at the Bridge Inn. Stockton Heath. Mr. Eyes I occupied the chair, and there were also present : Messrs. ' Davenport, Shackleton, Col-muck, Darhyshire, Longland, Westbrook, Whitlow, and E. J. Hall; Mr. Farrington (nuisance inspector), and Mr. Ashton (clerk). rhe Clerk read a letter from Mr. J. Longland, solicitor, Union-street, Warrington, who stated that he had been I informed the Ship Canal Company were stopping up the communication between the old portion of the river and the new river at the Warrington end. The whole por- tion of the river into which their authority had an outfall for their sewers, would again be- come merely a huge cesspool, and there would be a repetition of the nuisance which existed a few months ago. He hastened to draw their attention to the state of affairs in the hope that they might be able to do some- thing to prevent what would otherwise render a portion of their district absolutely unbearable and unfit for any- one to live in —The Clerk reported that he had com- municated with Mr. A. M. Dunlop, of the Manchester Ship Canal Company, who bad replied stating that the matter referred to was already under discussion between the Canal Company and the Warrington Corporation. It was resolved that the Clerk communicate with the Town Clerk of Warrington on the subject and if on receiving his reply he should think it necessary to do so, to press the 'Nlanchester Ship Canal Company to remedy the nuisance which their actien would cause.—Votes of thanks were passed to the Chairman of the Committee (Mr. Thomas Hall) and also to Mr. Ashton (clerk).—The Authority passed the minutes unanimously. 4110. GENERAL NEWS. tw

11.0,

Destructive floods have occurred in many parts of Holland. Whales are supposed to live anywhere from three hundred to four hundred years. Th 9 match between Stoddart's Eleven and an Eighteen of Sydriey Junior; ended in a draw. About midnight on Christmas Eve,Edmund Kesteven, a professional cricketer living in Sutton-in-Ashfield. Notts, murdered SArah Oldhatn, a married woman with whom he had been by cutting her throat. Kest- even, on being arrested, admitted having committed the,crime. The first metal bridge in England was a cast-iron structure, built in 1777 over the Severn. The cast-iron bridge across the Wear at Sunderland was opened is 1796. It is stated that the Board of Trade have, as the result of inquiries, recommended that the passenger driven and firemen on the Scottish railways should have a running day of about 150 miles, to be restricted to ten hours. The new arrangements are not viewed with favour by the men, and the employes of the Caledonian Railway have petitioned to be allowed to work on the old g ul ar:io as. A Tamatave telegram of Saturday reports the com- mencement of fighttng between the French forces and the Hava4. A Hova outpost is said to have fired on a French cruiser, which returned the fire. The 'lovas had three men killed and the French one. wounded. Captain Dreyfus, the French officer charged with !lav- ing furt.ished the agents of a foreign Power with secret daetiments enabling it to enter into hostilities against France, was convicted on Siturclay by court-martial, and was senten...-ed to deportation and internment for life in a fortified place. The employment of whisky as an antidote in case of snake-bite seems to be nearing its end. Experiments have teen tried with strychnine in cases of this sort,ano the results are highly satisfactory. It is said to remove all unpleasant symptoms, not only of snake-bite. but of mushronm poison. en the principle of fighting fire with tire, the use of this poison should be a pronoeneed SUCCe3II.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0137.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

r.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
ce. The Bonle, . `he second iss I joined 'be final pi tiaho. was ' given by lorm was de: 4ed," in which , yr, ed that iss.:Podle was heard 'venture- The chorus were /mai

POSTAL INFORMATION

With Or- dinary Postage up to

''ith Extra Half penny Stamp. up to

[No extra fee

===== 0002601_18941229_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
2-15 a.m.

4-0 a.m.

5-15 a.m..

5-30 a.m.

6-30 a.m.

8-55 a.m.

9-30 a.m.

10-0 a.m. 10-10 a.m.

11-10 aan.

11-30 a.m.

11-30 a.m.

12 Nooa 1-53 am

1-50 p.m.

1-0 pap.

1-25 p.m.

1-40 p.m.

2-15 p.m. 2-30 p.m.

2-45 p.m.

3-0 p.m. 3-15 p.m. 4-0 p.m. 4-30 p.m. 4-40 p.m. 5-45 p.m.

6-0 p.m.

6-15 p.m

9-30 p.m.

10-30 p.m. 11-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
nary Postage. 5-0 a.m.

9-10 9-55 „

10-30 .-,

===== 0002601_18941229_art0141.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I,

===== 0002601_18941229_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
11-10 ~

4-30 ,

5-30 , 8-0 ,

5-40 ,

•

Ashton-in-Makerfleld, Earlestown, GoII-borne, Lowton, & Wiuwick. Al! places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackbv- Blackpool, Bolton, Burn!, eetwood, Liverpool. Maw Oldham, Ormskirk. Preston, Rochdate, Stalybridge, Wigan, T; North-West of Eng- ' North of Ireland (Day lester, Crewe, sfield, Midland :ounties, North Stockport, War- thampton, Ire- td Foreign. Birmingham, is, Cambridge, lure, Liverpool, I,St.lfelens, Wales ... ;arlpstown, Winwick r. Oldham, irkshire. LI Night Mail. .. SPATCKES. 61 Night Mail.

p.m.22

Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. NI:. 10-15 a.m., Nil:

6-45 a.m.

1/ 7-0 a.m. Next day.

• .

===== 0002601_18941229_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
340

id sed r, ' ,ry

...

RECEIVING HOUSE, SUB-OFFICES, AND WILL LETTER BOXES ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS

RhcEnvixo Boos ft— W E EK-DAYS. *Bariestowu and 8 p.m. SUB-OFFICES - *Ashton . 9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. Collins Green .......- 9-30 a.m. and 5-30 p.m. *Golborne ...... -15 a.m. and 8 p.m. Lowton... ........ 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. St9shaw Cr 055......... 6-30 p.m. ....... 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 a *Wargrave 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. *These are Telegraph Offices also WALL BOXES.— Crow Lane. Newton... 10 a.m., 2 and 7 p.m. Newton Common 8 a.m. and 4-30 port. (Near the Racecourse)! Railway Station (Newton Bridge) 7 p.m. Preston Junction 6-40 p.m. Church-st.. Golborne 845 a.m. and 54' Legh Street, „ 9-30 a.m. and 7 Lowton Chapel B-30 a.m. and 6 Lowton Common 6 p.m. (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton. 7 p.m. Vulcan Village Bxrtonwood 9-30 a.m.. (Providence Place) Parcels are despatched from the town at 9a.m. and 6 p.m.; ; r time as letters. TOWN DBLIVBP Hngland, Wales, Irelane and Foreign London and the South Frodsham, Helsby, Manchester, S.-Has' Yorkshire, Durh, berland, and Lin( Chester, Liverpof Southport,Presr kirk, Widnes; I London, Foreign Midland Count) Preston, Non) ton-le-Wil.o Chester .... Manchester London an Eastern, Lancashir, ter, We Glasgow chest/ London ties East Rae Croft Lon

SUNDAYS. 4-30 pm.

5, 10 a.m., 12 noon, 2& 7 p.m. 6-40 p.m. Golborne. 8-15 a.m. and 54\5 p.m. „ 9-30 am. and 7 p.n.. ,a Chapel B-30 a.m. and 6,11..yri. dton COM 6 p.m. (Near Lowton St. Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton. 7 p.m. Vulcan Village Betrtonwood 9-30 a.m. (Providence Place) ,

9-55 a.m. Nil. Nil. Nil, -55 a,m 10-30 a.m

TOWN DHLIVERIRg AS 'POLL WS:-

irelan South by, & -blast -rh9

Scotlandymm ,' Lancaohlrel orthum-

To Caller. .

„Wales, I on and the Althorn, Heist), anohester, S.-n.... Yorksi,ire, Durham, N_ berland, and Lincolnshite Chester, Liverpool. Birkenhead, Southport, Prescot, Wigan, Orms- : kirk, Widnes; & Barlestown London. Foreign, and the South Midland Counties & South Wales Preston, North Lancashire, New diton-le-Wil.ows, St. Helens. an Chester Manchester London and Foreign, South, S-, Eastern, and Min.land Counties Lancashire, Runcozn, Crewe. Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland Glasgow. Preston, Wigan, Man- cheater, Bolton, & Chester London and Foreign, South. S - Eastern, MidLlnd, Norther' Eastern Counties, & Lancashire. Croft, Padgate. Woolsten, Stockton Heath, and Stratton London & Foreign, South, and $-; Eastern. Counties

7-0 a.m. 10-30 „ 10 45 „

7-0 a.m.

11-30 „

tll-45 ~.

3 12-15 p.m.

2-IE,. 3-15 „

5-30 p.m.

'orthernss

6-45 ~

8-30 -

915 „

Parcels are despatched from .141, Receiving Office at Ea/les- town at 9 a.m. and 6 p.m.; Ift‘m mit Sub-Offices at the•same time as letters.

11-30 a.xa.

21s.—Piftv-three Articles, ShAfield Cutlery and Plate, Knives, Forks and Spoons,—Grantsyn, Ironmonger, Bridge- st reet .—Adrt. SOAKING RAIN PROOF OVERCOATS, yet porous, 655., at JACKSON HoLmEn, General Outfitter, Market Gate, Warring ton.—Advt. SEWING MACIUNE3, Hani £2 18s. 6d. Treadle £4 4e. wit", handsom,l wAlnut oever.—J. and W. Burros, 16 wad at Sankey-*t.. Warrington —Advt. ALL 1.!01,81tItOLD LINEN, hemmed and marked free of charge.— J. and W. Dtirrox, Saukey-st., Warrington.—Advt. SEWING MACHINES, Hand £2 18s. 6d. Treadle £4 4s. with handsome .walnut oover.—J. and W. DuTriaZ, 16 and I Sankey.... Warrington.--4

===== 0002601_18941229_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
'urn, _ iey, FleetN 'cheater, Oki Present, louthport. rkahly and •

ales,Prestoon, nt, and South •Makerfield,E, Lowton & rington, Manchester itockport, and all Yoy

Mail ... Birmingham, Ch London, Maocie: and Southern C

Wales, Stafford,

rington, Wo land (Day Mail) .Ifast. Birkenhea Burnley, 'Rude Chester, Devons NorthW Southpo

Buxton,

Ashton-in-

Golborn,

SUNDAY DES All Parts—General

m. Bei. 1311 • • ; , Wigan. Alt Parts—Genera

===== 0002601_18941229_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
A WARRINGTON PROPERTY DISPUTE

In the Chancery Court aiverpool yesterday, Vice- Chancellor Robinson gave judgment in a case brought by Mr. Frederick John Carlisle against Messrs. W. A. Bishop and Co. The plaintiff since. 1869 had been the owner of some cettages in Dial Court, Warrington, and in recent years the defendants had acquired some adjoining property, building borax works there. The plaintiff stated that he had been in the habit of going upon the defendant's land at the back of his property, in order to make such repairs as were necessary. He claimed that continuous use had given him a right of the way which the defendants now obstructed. There was also a number of other points. The plain. ti asked for an injunction to restrain the defendants from committing such trespasses and obstruction as he alleged, and he asked that his property should be put in its original position The vice-Chancellor in giving judgment said he thcught it was desirable that he should state the grounds upon which he refused to grant a mandatory injunction,aed why he had not called upon Mr. Hughes, counsel for the defendants, on that part of the case. In this case the injustice of a mandatory order would be even greater than it might be in some cases. The small cot, tage property, of which the plaintiff was the owner- was liable to be condemned by the Corporation of War- rington at some early date. On the question of the obstruction of Ugh of three cottages he decided in favou of the plaintiff, and he granted £5O in regard to that part of the case. He directed that certain conveniences which were complained of should be removed, and he awarded £25 in respect of some lights. As to the plain- tiff's eaves and gutters being damaged by the defendant's works he had arrived at the conclusion that there was damage at No. 24, and that a proper gutter should be put up. For that he awarded £25, which would include any loss which the plaintiff or his tenant had sustained by dampness at No. 21. In reference t the claim to go on defendant's land to do repairs, the continuous user which was necessary had not been esta- blished, and he decided in the defendants' favour. He also decided for the defendants in regard to certain brickwork, holding that it was under-pinning to support the plaintiff's building. He thought the plaintiff was entitled to a declaration that he had a right to drain from the roofs of his houses into Flag-yard.—Mr. Hughes objected to this, and eventually his Honour decided not to make the declaration.

F. FURS. FURS. HUDSON'S BAY HOUSE FURRIERS, in, OXFORD-STREET, ALL SAINTS', MANCHESTER. Mr. SPIRO, having been most fortunate in purchasing a Large Consignment of skins considerably below the market value, can undertake the RENOVATING Sand REMODHL- LING of

LADIES' SEALSKIN JACKETS into the moat perfect styles, at very moderate prices. Our STOCK is now complete with the newest and most-Fashion- able FURS for the coming winter Sealskin Jackets and Capes. Fur and Silk-lined Cloaks, Bears, Sables, Ss-unks, &c.. &c.

NOTE THE ADDRESS : 123, OXFORD ST PEET ALL SAINTS',

MANCRESTHR.

-

_ _ _ _ _ ... _ _ _ _ _ _ ___ A mataati4 , f _ , _ .': rt 11

===== 0002601_18941229_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
Ditto. Ditto. Ditto. Ditto. Ditto.

to extra fe

1045 p.m.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0147.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
L:3tanzp.

===== 0002601_18941229_art0148.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10,35 a,m

===== 0002601_18941229_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPORTANT NOTICE. UNTIL DECEMBER 31sT EUSTANCE'S FAMOUS 50s. WATCH CAN BE HAD FOR 45/- "A P.' A WONDERFUL WATCH." ays. A thoroughly reliable all HAND-MADE SILVER ENG- LISH PATENT LEVBR WATCII, capped. jewelled, and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE, HEAVY SOLID 4 SILVER HALL-MARKED CASES, well finished, and speci- ally adeptrd to fit flat in the pocket. " FOR FIFTY SHILL- OS." This watch is timed to a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION I A Bona fide 'Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch, Thie Watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price. To be obtained only from E. A Q. BUSTANCE, watchmakers, THE ILLUaIINATED MOCK, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. N.B.—Sent post-tree to all parts of the United Kingdom on reoeipt of P. 0.0.

BAPTIST CHAPEL, GOLBORN E-STREET, WARRINGTON. NEXT SUNDAY, DEC., 30th. 10 30 Mr. A MOUNT [BIM, 6 30 Mr. JAMES kiVANS. OFFERToRY. ALL SEAT. FREE. ALL ARE WELCOME. WATCHNIGHT SEWVICH on Monday 31st, at 11 o'clock, con4itic4.Pd by Mr. W. H CIO.IA.N.

THE BA‘KS IN WARRINGTON WILL CLOSE, as usual,on NEW YEAR'S Day at 12 o'clock. For Parr's Banking Co. and the Alliance Bank Ltd. JOHN MURRAY, Manager. For the Manchester and Liverpool Distric Bank, Ltd. R. G. HENSHALL, Manager. Per pro Lancashire and Yorkshire Bank, Ltd„ F. W. GILBERT, Manager at Warrington. Per pro National Provincial Bank of Engla,d. Ltd— J. W BRINE RS, Manager. Per pro the Union Bank of Manchester, Ltd , Warrington Eranc,i, THOS. REDFORD, Manager.

• THEATRE ROYAL AND OPERA HOUSE, ST, HELENS. - sole Proprietor and Manager (Also lessee of Theatre Royal, Sheffield, and Theatre Royal, Leicester) Mr. WALLACE REFILL, !Laing Manager and Treasurer Mr. RICHARD SOARS. GRAND ILLUMINATED DAY PERFORMANCES, OS SATURDAY, DEC. 29ril, TUESDAY, (New Year's Day) JANUARY 18T, and EVERY SATURDAY AFTERNOON DURING THE SEASON. Doors open at 2 'oclock. Commence at 2-15. NOTB.--The Day P. rformances are la every respect pre- Cisely the same as tho e given in the evening. Children under 12 year of age half-price to all parts. SATURDAY EVENING, DECEMBER 20, 1894, And every evening until furi her notice, wlll be produced on a scale of Grand Magnificence and Splendour, MR. WALLACE RDVILL'S (EIGHTH ANNUAL) GRAND COMIC CEIRISTMAS PANTOMIME, ENTITLED_ DICK WHITTINGTON Written expressly by Victor Stevens. MAGNIFICENT SCENERY! GORGEOUS AND COSTLY DRESSES I! CHARMING MUSIC! Ii BEAUTIFUL DANCES ! I I I :Like entire Pantomime produced under the personal direction of MR. WALLACE REVILL. 301-ir:F.O`JS TE.AN-WORMATION. ENTITLED, "CUPID'S PARADISE." NOTICE.—Owino to the very Great Expense attached to the Special Manufacture of all the New and Beautiful Scenery, Dresses, and Pr perties expressly for this produc- tion, and the engagement of one of t' ,e most Talented and expensive 'Companies that has ever appeared at the new Theatre, the Interval of Five Minutes. COMICAL HARLEQUINADE. CLOWN'S BUDGET OF FUN FOR 1894-6. Prices of Admission will be the same as charged during the previous season's Pantomime .-t-Private Boxes, £2 2s. and £l. 10s. ; Dress C:rcle 3s. (First Row, Dress) ; Orchestra I Stalls. 2s. ; Upper Circle, Is. 6d. ; Entire Pit, is. ; Amphi- thestre.9d. ; Gallery. 6d Half Price at 9 o'clock to all Parts, Amphitheatre and Gallery excepted. Doors open at 7, Commence at 7-15. Saturdays, Boxing Night and Tuesday, January Ist, hall-an-hour earlier. Early Doors will be opened at 640 each evening (Satur- days, ...and Tuesday. January Ist, at 6 o'clock), Parties wishing to avoid the crush will be admitted by same on payment at 341. extra to Gallery and Amphitheatre and 6d. extra to any other p rts of the Theatre. SPECIAL THEATRE CONVEYANCES and late TRAINS. at the coaclusien of the Performance.

A large and choice selection of Christmas and New Year's Cards, Christmas decorations, and various kinds of Games, euitable for the Season, and a most splendid assortment. Pictures and other Books suitableflor presents can be had from TEIOS. CLARK, "EXAMINER" OFFICE, 33. MARKET-STREET, EARLESTOWN.

WEDDING RINGS.-PURE GUINEA GOLD 22-CARAT WHDDING RINGS. Largest Stock and beat value in the town or district. Sold by weight from 7s. 6d. to 50s. All sizes and shapes. including the Round and Half-Round always in stock. A handsome present given to each purchaser. Finger size cards 1•ost free. B. AND A. BUSTANCH, TEE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, SANICP_IY-STRERT, WARRINGTON. N.B —Strictly Private Room for fitting. ESTABLISIIRD, 1864.

SUN INSUFRANNVE,D 01F71FoiCE, (FIRE.) Stry.l P.SURED IN 1893.-2395,854,40. For all partitulars apply to the following Agents : WARRINGTON Mr. J. R. Pickmere & Son, Bridge-st. Mr. dward W. Woods. Commercial Chambers. 55. Horsemarket-street. Messrs. Volsey and Worthington ,King-street Mr. R. Lowe, Market Gate Chambers

HUSSEY'S CHRISTMAS PRESENTS. JEWELLERY, BROOCHES, RINGS, PINS, WATCH CHAINS, & Caps, Aprons, Blouses, Fans. Skirts. Fancy Goods, Purses, Bags, Brushes, Toys, Dolls, Games, and Thousands of fancy articles for use and ornament. Sand for Illustrated Price List (free) to T. HUSSEY AND CO. 116, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Established 40 Yoars. With each Price List we send a very useful Pocket Calendar containing 38 pages, bound with cloth, and gilt edged.

rp OYS AND GAMES. The Largest Selection of Toys in the 'City. Prices from Is. to £5. Rocking Horses. Dolls, Mail CArts, Swings. Pole Horses, Bassinettes, Lc. All guaranteed EngliAl make. ALL THE LATEST PARLOUR GAMES is. EACH. SLADE, 73, BOLD-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

SILK UMBRELLAS RECOVERED FOR 3/11 ANY SIZE. PAUL, OUTFITTER, BRIDGE-ST. (UNDER THE UMBRELLA.)

ANNUAL SALE. OF N OVELTIES FOR CHRISTMAS PRESENTS AND NEW YEAR'S GIFTS. ' DISCOUNT OFF ALL GOODS. 2/- IN THE POUND. We WOODS AND SON have the pleasure to announce that after making ex- tensive end elaborate alterations to their windows and air-tight show cases, they are now holding their ANNUAL CHRISTMAS SHOW, which comprises the largest and most complete collection of WATCHES 10/6 TO £4O. CLOCKS 5/- TO £2O. JEWELLERY. FANCY GOODS AND NOVELTIES. they have ever submitted at this Season. DISCOUNT 2/- IN THE POUND. CORNER OF SANKEY-STREET AND CORPORATION STREET. WARRINGTON.

RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO. IN SURES AGAINST RAILWAY ACCIDENTS. ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, EMPLOYERS LIABILITY. CAPITAL £1,000,000. ESTABLIQUED 1849. COMPENSATION PAID £3,350,000, 64, Cornhill, London. W. D. MASSY, } A. VIAN, Secretaries AGENTS Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate Mr. W. H. RIGBEY, Central Station St. Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH. Hardshaw-atreet Knutaford Mr. ALFRED E. CUTTER Sandbach Mr. R. FI NLOW.Rookery Bridge

MARROWFAT PEAS. RICE MEAL AND INDIAN MEAL. OAT HU-KS. OATMEAL SEEDS. AMERICAN LINDSEED AND DECORTICATED COTTON CAKES. EGYPTIAN UNDECORTICATED COTTON CAKE. SAMPLES AND PRICEi FROM RICHARD ATKINSON St CO. 11, DRURY-LANE, LIVERPOOL.

. . P. & W SKELTON, LIMITED, JUBILEE BUILDINGS, HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON. Ty. COMPLETE rIOUSE FUItNISHERS, GENERAL IRONMONGERS, SMALLWARE DEALERS, BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, CYCLE AGENTS. GOLF CLUBS, TENNIS GOODS, BATS, WICK RTS, BALLS, LEG GUARDS, GLOVES. Ac. WI RE NETTING, FENCiNG WIRE, BASSINE MAIL CARTS, MATS, MATTING, CARPETS, RUGS. LEATrIER BAGS OF ALE, DESCRIP- TIONS. LADIES DRESS TRUNKS, T.RAVELLI NG TRUNKS. WE RESPECTFULLY SOLICIT ENQUIRIES. JUBILEE BUILDINGS, .-r-r EIORSEMARKET ST., WARRINGTON.

35/.. R Er& THI OTITt AI THE 35/_ T. B. CARDWELL, PRACTICAL WATCHMAKER, 105, DALE-STREET, LIVERPOOL, Offers to the Public and especially to Mechanics, a thorough English SILVER LEVER WATCH, reliable in works and accurate in time, • a cost of 355. Many persons will be surprised that a genuine English Lf•ver can be made for the price, but T. B. CARDWELL has succeeded in producing an English Lever, 355. The 355. ENGLISH SILVER LEVER WATCH, Jewelled in Seven Actions, guaranteed for Five years can be had at CARD WELL'S 105, DALE-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Next Door to Central Police Station. Hall-marked 18 carat Gold English Keyless Lever Watches, from £7 10s. REPAIRS PROMPT AND RELIABLE.

WINTER NOVELTIES. CHRISTMAS GIFTS. A Surerb Collection of Choice Goods at Popular Prices at HENRY MILES', (The Well - known Gloxer), 25A., CHURCH-ST., LIVERPOOL. (Opposite the PO-Cathedral). SPECIALITIES IN LADIES' GLOVES. SPECIALTIES IN CHILDREN'S GLOVES. SPECIALITIES IN WIN lER HOSIERY, SPECIALITIES IN LACES MADE-UP LACE GOODS, AND EMBROIDERIES. SPECIALITIES IN FANS AND UMBRELLAS. SPECIALITIES IN RIBBONS, SILK SQUARES, SILK TIES. AND SILK SHAWLS. SPECIALITIES IN SILK, LACE, AND LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS. SPECIALITIES IN LADIES' UNDERCLOTHING. SPECIALITIES IN LADIES SILK BLOUSES AND JERSEYS. SPECIALITIES IN LADIES' CORSETS AND SKINTS. SPECIALITIES IN LADIES' AND SERVANTS' CAPS AND APRONS. SPECIALITIES IN LADIEY TEA GOWNS, DRESSING GOWNS, AND JACKETS, SPECIALITIES IN CHILDREN'S UNDERCLOTHING AND BABY LINEN. Ladies will find in the above Sections an unrivalled Assortment of both inexpensive and costly Articles, suitable for Presents, Ac. , HENRY Al LES 25A, CHURCH-ST.. . . LIVERPOOL. ' CHRISTMAS PRESEN* • SOOTHING PR '':TS! ACCEPTABLE PRESENTS! GRAND SPECIAL DISPLAY OF NOVELTIES IN PIPES, TOBACCOS, CIGARS Ac., FOR CHRIST- MAS AT THE SMOKERIES, 58, HORUMARKET-ST., and YE OLD FOX INN, BUTTERMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. J. BISSWICK Propr!etor. *, 440.1, "Ye Miseltoe Nove'tle" SIX CIGARS and TEN CIGARETTES in case com- plete; one shilling. ANNIE TNKS, 1, LORD-STREET, RUNCORN. HOUSE, SIGN AND SHIP PAINTER, CHURCH DECOR- ATER, GLAZIER. PAPER HANGER, (to. Orders for town and oountry'punctually attendedto.

THE BEST MEDICINE FOR BILE, THE BEST MEDICINE FOR WIND, THE BEST MEDICINE FOR INDIGESTION, IS EADE'S ANTIBILIOUS • PILLS. They quickly remove the irritation and feverish state of the STOMACH, correct the morbid condition of the LIVER, relieve the system of all impurities, which, by circulating in the blood, injuriously affect the action of the KIDNEYS. and, by removing the causes sf so much discomfort restore the vital energies of body and mind. -- EADE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. Sold by all Chemists in Boxes, is. Lid. and 2s. 9d. or mailed Free on receipt of remittance by GEORGE EADE, 72, GOSWELL-ROAD, LONDON. E.C. EADE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS.

EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. THE FIRST TWO PILLS TOOK THE PAIN AWAY. ---- EADE's pILLS. 2, College Park Vilias, Kemal Green, London, W., May, 1891. ADE'SpILLS. Dear Sir,—l feel it my duty to tell you I had Rheumatic Gout i;ADE'S pILLS. once. and had to stop at home for . three weeks. I cannotdescribe the pain I suffered. I read your Advertisement, and looked uon it as all others. A brother signalman said, " Try them." I did so. THE FIRST TWO PILLS TOOK THE PAIN AWAY in a few hours, and I was ahle to resume my work. No one need be frightened to take them I have recommended them GOUT to all whom I have heard complaining of Rheumatism, RHEUMATISM Gout, Lumbago, Neuralgia, &c., I hope no one will doubt OUT my statement.—Yours sincereiy. pp HEUMATISIII JAMES PETTENGALL. Mr, G. Bade. _MADE'S GOUT & EUMATIC PILLS. Prepared only by George Eade, 72, GOS ELL-ROAD, LONDON, EM.; end Sold by all Chemists in Bottles, Is. lid., and 2s. 9,1. EADys GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS.

COUNTY OF CHE'I ER, TO WIT. OTIOE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the next IN (~EN .11IAL QUARTER SESSIONS of the Peace for the CO ..1N TY OF CHESTER will be holden at the CASTI IC OF CHESTER, in and for the said County, on MONDAY, the 31st day of December instant, at Half-past Even o'clock in the Forenoon, when the Grand Jury will be empannelled. The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Hundreds of Broxton, Eddisbury, Nantwich, and Wirral, forming the Chester District, and the trials of all prisoners com- mitted from stud' Hundreds, will take place at such Sessions. The Grand and Petty Jury for the Chester District must be in attendance at the Castle of Chester, at the opening of the Court on MoNnar, the 31st day of December instant, at Half-past Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. THE Court will be Adjourned to the Court TThuse, Nether Knutsford, on WEDNESDAY, the 2nd u'ay of January next, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Hnndreds of Bucklow, Macclesfield, and Northwich, forming the Knutsford District, and the trials of all prisoners corn- initted from thejast-mentioned Hundreds will take place at such Adjourned Sessions. The Grand and Petty Jury for the Knutsford District 'must be in attendance at the Court House, Knutsford, at the opening of the Court on WE'nNEsnar, the 2nd day of January next, at Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. REGINALD POTTS, Clerk of the Peace for the Grunty of Chester. Chester, 11th December; 1894.

SOUTH I,ANCAHB IRK. LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT COMPANY, LIMITED. Head Office: 168. ISLINGTON. LIVERPOOL. LOANS from £.5 to £l,OOO on pereonal or other security. £l6, Repayable 6e. Weekly, Entire Charge £1 2s. 3d. £5O, .. 20t• , £3 fls. Od. £100„, 445. „ £6 16s. Od. ALfik. GORDON Manager.

pUPTCRES. - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. EGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSSfor Oure of Rupture; registered; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7 a 9. Grosvenor-street, Lon- .3n-ros4. Manchester.

A NEW DEPARTURE IN THE FURNISHING TRADE. The extensive alterations necessitated by continued increase of business at the Manchester Louvre having now been almost completed, the Proprietors have pleasure in informing their old-established " client ele" and the public generally, that the increased Exhibition Space in their Show-rooms (opposite All Saints' Church) has enabled th 'en to stock and display an enormously added Quantity of FURNITURE—both New and Second-hand—so that their Customers have now a Collection to choose trorn which Itts not tco much to say is second to none in the United Kingdom. The recent extensive Sales held by us in consequence of Extension of Premises met wall such a ready response from wide-awake clients, that our former Stock was speedily reduced and it became a serious question with us how to cope with the demands of fresh Customers. Whilst, of course the market is being Hooded with New Modern Furniture, there scarcely ever was a time when High-class, Second-hand, Durable and Handsome SUITES were more difficult to obtain. But, ever on the alert, and first in the field, we are glad to say that we have been successful in securing one of the rarest and completest Collections of every variety of Furniture ever offered to the public since we entered the Trade, £lO,OOO OF NEWLY ADDED STOCK Now on offer at nearly one half of its original value. Railway, Fares Paid to Country Customers, Catalogues Free on Appli- cation. THOSE ABOUTITO MARRY and those who contemplate adding !-,o their preaent Stock of Furniture are specially invited to pay an early visit to the Manchester Louvre (opposite All Saints' Church). No one will be pressed t buy, and our Salesmen have instructions to show the pub i through our Spacious and Elegant Show- rooms without importunity, as we sly upon the Furniture to recommend itself without puffing. The Extraordinary Stock which we now hold must be rt awed without delay, - the prices paid by u •I I not allow for loss of interest heavy ac, umulated quantities. Quick turnovers and small profits alone suit our class of business. It will thus be seen what an immense advantage we are able to show over Houses who hold their Stocks for months, and months, and are obliged to charge the Public with the interest they lose on their sunk capital. Every facility is offered to intending purchasers. All goods are delivered fru+ in our own carts and vans, or securely packed for transit by Rail, Carriage Paid. Every article is tested before leaving the premises, and, if necessary. skilled workmen will be sent out to plan carpets and fit the house up. Estimates given for the com- plete furnishing of a House from em to £l,OOO in value. Ad- vice gratis on the choice and selection of EVERY REQUISITE FOR COTTAGE OR MANSION. Parties visiting the: Manchester Louvre should enter the Oxford-street, Eusholme, or Withiagten car at Piccadilly, and ask the conductor to stop at the MANCHESTER frOUVRE, where they will be astonished to find such spacious and elegantly appointed Showrooms, surpassing anything outside of London. Do not forgetlthat we now hold THE MOST COMPLETE COLLECTION OF FURNITURE EVER OFFERED, AT ABOUT ONE-HALF ITS ORIGINAL COST. Absolutely unapproachable for E egance, Comfort, Durability, and Cheapness. THIS WEEK'S LIST OF BARGAINS. 6ft. Brown Oak Sideboard, with lofty plate-glass back superbly carved; original cost £75, rice, £35. Solid Walnut Bedroom Suite, by Nand, comprising sft fully enclosed wardrobe, pair of large-sized toilet tables with side reflecting mirrors, bedside pedestal, three chairs, and towel sires, price delivered. £23108., cheap. Bedroom Suite in satin walnut sad Ash; 4ft. wardrobe with bevelled glass door, pair of enclosed toilet tables, pedes- tal, three cane chairs and towel airer, complete tor £l2 125., worth 420. t3olid Walnut Suite, smaller size than above, with the same quantity of articles, 10 guineas. Breakfast Room Suite, all complete, £3 17s 6d. Sideboard, in mahogany, £2 2s. Heavy Parisian Bedstead, with upholstered back, curtains and vacancies, all complete, £4 15s. Wire Mattress, to fit the above, 9s. 6d. Large Quantity of Second-hand Kitchen Furniture at less than half the usual price. Dining Room Suite in real skins, solid frames, by Reilly, beautifully upholstered large couch, pair of easy chairs, and six standard small chairs; only been used three months, £l2 12s. Complete Furnishings for Drawing-room in inlaid rose- wood. The suite is upholstered in expensive Genoa velvet, superb cabinet overtnantel. fancy tables, brass fender, fire brasses, velvet pile carpet, and hearthrug, complete for £27 10s. ; cost when new. £5O. sft. Walnut sldeboard, with very lofty glass back, enclosed with drawers, cupboards, ac., well worth £2O. Our price delivered £8 10s. Parisian Bedstead, very heavy £ll7 6 Wool Mattresses, fill size 0 12 6 Hair Mattress, full size All Bract BeAsteads, full size , 3 10 0 Railway fare paid to country cast..ners, and all goods delivered freer GOLDSTONE AN 'I. SONS, THE MANCHESTER LOUVRE, 115 AND 117, OXFORD-STREET, ALL SAINTS', MANCHESTER.

VIOLINS, VIOLONCELLOS, ' MANDOLINES, GUITARS. BANJOS. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Chanot). Strings. Bows, Cases, &c., of Finest Quality. AUTISTIC REPAIRING IN ALL ITS BRANCHES AT 37. RENSHAW-STREET. LIVERPOOL. AGRIPPIN A GRAND MEDICINE FREE FROM POISON. JUS7I TRY IT FOR ANY OF THE FOLLOWING COMPLAINTS. IT IS "lil oNmtruL For MEASLES, Teething, Headache, BILIOUSNESS, Feverishness, Sore Throat, Bronchitis, or any CHEST complaint, Pains in the BACK, any Rash or Eruptions on the Skin, any painful redness Swelling or Abscess any SKIN DISEASE, any BLOOD DISORDER. BITES of any kind, BLOOD POISONING and purifies the Blood. SOLD by Mr. Bibby, Grocer, St. James-st., Latchford ; Mr. Gandy, Grocer, Church-st. ; Mr. Flynn. Grocer, Winwick- rd. ; Mr. Hill, Grocer, &c., Priestly-st. ; Mr. Hollowell. Grocer, Liverpool-rd. IN POWDERS, TWOPENCE EACH. DUES'S DAN DE LION COklbl. The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Drisgjists, in Caniste, 6d., lOC', and Is. Sel each. • wholesale by J Grcnnae ,; Sex. Warrington.

• FOR BON-BONS,: COSAQUES, GOOD SWEETS, CO.iFECTIONERY AND OTHER XMAS NOELTIES, ' GO TG BIRCHALL'S, THE BEE HIVE, 128, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

STAMP COLLECTORS. Try our CHRISTMAS PACER? OF STAMPS; sure to give satisfaction ; price Is. id. iy post. Wholesale and Retail Lists Free, Large Sto2l f.l Rarities on hand. We Buy Old Vorsign Stamps, looQe or in bcx-,48. on envelopes or other wise. Old Stamped Envelopes Bought. THE LIVERPOOL STAMP CO., 21 VIuTORIA-STREBT. LIVERPOOL.

LORD BROS.' FOR THE NEWEST, THE BEST, THE CHEAPEST, IN JACKETS, CAPES, • t • pALETOTS, MACKINTOSHES, • Fußs' DRESSES, UMBRELLAS, &C. The Latest Designs are constantly being added to our Stock. "OUR MAKE" is unsur- passed for FIT. FINISH, QUALITY, AND PRICE, Closed every Thursday, at 1 p.m. 128, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON,

T. & MT. CROSS, BUILDERS AND CONTRACTORS, LONGFORD-LiTREET, WARRINGTON. BOILER AND CHIMNEY ERECTORS, FURNACE CONSTRUCTORS. DRAINAGE WORK, STREET MAKING and every Description of BUILDING or CONTRACTORS' WORK ETIMATED FOR.

GARLAND'S. Telephone 79. 21/- SPECIAL OFFER. EXTRAORDINARV VALUE. 21/- SHEFFIELD ' CUTLERY AND PLATE. (Wear White Throughout). One Pair pf whilAk handle Carvers, , , .., ~ , One Table Steel ,to match, , Six Table Knives.' Six Dessert Knives, Two Table Spoons, Nickel silver. Six Table Forks, Do. Do. Six Dessert Spoons, Do. Do. Six Dessert Forks, Do. Do. Six Tea Spoons, ' Do. De. Six Rgg Spoons, Do. Do. Two Salt Spoons, Do. Do. One Mustard Spoon, Do. Do. One Pair of Sugar Tongs. . Do. Do. One Sugar Spoon. Do. Do. One Handsome Bread Knife. 52 Article, aguaranteed quality and finish, neatly boxed, post free to any address —GARLAND, Ironmonger. Bridge- st., Warrington. Our extenave Show Rooms are now open to the public for inspection. ' Floor Lamps from 21s. complete.

• BAKERS AND CONFECTIONERS' INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION, LONDON, 1594. JAMES HORTON, BAKER, &c., LATCHFORD, OBTAINED AWARD AND DIPLOMA For PURITY, SWEETNESS AND EXCELLENCE OF BREAD. HOvis BREAD, As supplied to Her Majesty, The Queen.

CORPORATION OF MANCHESTER. CONCENTRATED MANURE Made from Slaughter-house arid Market Refuse. Excrement from Pail Closets. BLOOD, BONES, FISH, .tc, Delivered in bags, carriage paid. at £3 per ton. Special prioe over 150 miles. . Supply strictly limited. Orders should be given early in the season to prevent disappointment. • Full particulars from R D.' CALISON, INDOOR SUPERINTENDENT, Cleanslng -Department, Town Hall, Manchester, or to 'ttr.'BOLD•ALDRED, Altrineham, < ' Mr. J. W. CALLISON, Deswick, Manchester, Mr. J. H. NEWTON. West Derby, Liverpool, Mi.T.rEARBE, Alpraham, TarpOrley, Cheshire. ,

GRQ,CERIgS. AND PROVISIONS. FOR DANISH KIEL BUTTER, MQJRDWI!ISHIR. IRISH , 'ROLL AND HOME-CURED BACON. -'PRIME +CHESHIRE CHEESE, • s, dant for General •OIP GROKI4iIIiES, AND PROVISIONS ~ At Prices to SUIT all try E..,DOWNES, • • ' FAIITIAMIRMBR 'A•ND PROVISION DEALER. 'I2:'WePtiItD'VTREET, EARLESTOWN.

trlt iev• .: . T. . . . , '44 444 • 'ISHERWOOD, • • , 1J S 1 Attr COMMISSION AGENT, , • ' 57 TANNERS'-LANE, WARRINGTON, . A ? :, esi,— ' ''lrptablished 1873. ' , ... ... .". , e,nts and Debts collected. Agent'for Flie Life. Accident, Employers' Liability, Live Stock and Plate Glass Insurance Co.s. . owest Currenteßate,s." Prompt and Liberal Settlements. , '.i4iceroaßA.**ll§, FOR CHRISTMAS PRESENTS. ....... _

IP"S' SCHOOL,MELCHET HOUSE, -LYTHAM. . terms., special for clergy, references to par'ents', va.Candy ' for articled pupil.—Principals, the Misses HIMET (Miss. S. Halket, L.L.A.) -tff-7T' 'Si W, 144 ,BO LD-STREET. LIVERPOOL.- Mrs. flow) gives Lessons in Painting, Burntwood r Work, snd. Marqusterie Painting. A class for Wood Carving at the Studio on Mon4Ys taught by a professional laly wood-carver. Vulcan wood burning machines and white , wood kept in stock. • DEYTHEUR GRAMMAR SC HOOL, NEAR GSWHSTRY..—Head Master, the Rev. W. B. DOWELL L RE, M.A., late Senior Master Camberwell Grammar School, SE. Famously healthy, 'country life, 'accommodstien for fifty boarders, modern buildings, scholar- ships. £25 to £3O. No extras. 1,000 Successes ut Public Exams. ,

SbUTñPORT MODERN CH 0 • M S L Head Master—Mt. J. C. UNDERWOOD. A.C.P., • '• " VERY SUCGESSFUL SCHOOL. RECENT. HONOURS AT EXAMINATIONS. Education thoroughly modern and comprehensive... Recently ltemoyed_ to larger Premises in Pilkington-road (near 6t. Luke's Station). 'BONET-IEIIS NOW RECEIVED. SPECFAVTERMS (inclusive) tor a few Boarders. prospectris. !cc., on application to Head Master.' TuEsnAr. September 18.. MANCHESTER GRAMMAR SCHOOL. FEE £4 4s. PER TERM. THE NEX3 TERN BEGINS TUESDAY, JANUARY 15TH,, 1895. ENTRANCE EXAMINATION, MONDAY. JANUARY 14m, - • At 9 a.m. PROSPECTUSES, Forms of Application, Ac., may be had at the School. OWEN W. COX. RECEIVER. N.B:-tiloarding ?louse now open under the sanction of the ,Governor. W_A RR I NGTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL The . next TERM will begin on TUESDAY, JANVARY 22itp; 1895. Prepantory-Form for boys Tinier 12 ye.. -of age. Fee, £2 per term. • toopt Vatiregerilitit,f6dlars apply to the Head Master.

XMAS 1894. SEASONABLE GIFTS. EUSTANCE'S ANNUAL XMAS SALE. COMMENCES SATURDAY, DECEMBER Isr, and continues throughout the Month, during which their ENTIRELY NEW AND EXTENSIVE STOCK OF GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES, CLOCKS, JEWELLERY, SOLID SILVER PLATE, and BEST ELECTRO-PLATE, will be subject to a BONA-FIDE DISCOUNT OF 2s. IN THE 2, off their usual low plain figure prices. A SPLENDID ASSORTMENT OF SEASON NOVELTIES IN EACII DEPARTMENT. 9 IMPORTANT TO WATCH BUYERS. As the SALE DISCOUNT of 2s. in the £ applies to the whole of their Stock, intending buyers should at once pronnre one of their LEADING SPECIALI- TIES in OWN IIAIE ENGLISH SILVER LEVERS, Capped, Jewelled, tied fitted with all th e very latest improvements. PRICES, 455., 50s. 633., 8.53., 1003. These prices subject to the Discount. represent actual money value, thus it is possible to obtain a First-class HAND-MADE ENGLISH SILVER LEVER WATCH FOR 40s. Eacn Watch fully guaranteed for 15 years. PLEAIE NOTE ADDRESS— E. & A. EUSTANCE, THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK. 43, SANKEY-STREET. WARRINGTON. &tab:lobed 1864.

LADIES AND GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. READY MADE OR WWII TO ORDER in the latest style. ONE HUNDRED PATTERNS to select from. Waterproof goods of everyiDeseription. C. JACKSON HOLMES. TAILOR AND GENERAL OUTFITTER. MARKET GATE. WARRINGTON. AGENT FOR THE CASTLE RUBBER CO. LIMITED.

THE CHANCE OF A LIFETIME. TO SECURE THE GREATEST BARG INS ON RECORD. A. FAGIN & CO., 109 A, 111, 113, KIRKDALE - ROAD. THI4 POPULAR HOUSE FURNISHERS OF LIVERPOOL. MTH HAVING THEIR FIRST SALE ALLIDECEMBEII4-,. ,rll, FIRST SALE IN TWENTY YEARS. PRICES NEVER BEFORE HEARD OF. FIRST SALE IN TWENTY YEARS. CASH OR HIRE SYSTEM AT . OUR FIRST -SALE IN TWENTY YEARS. THE CHANCE OF A LIFETIME. SEE OUR WINDOWS. BARGAINS IN SUITES, BARGAINS IN SIDEBOARDS. BARGAINS IN OVERMANTELS. BARGAINS IN FLOOR CLOTHS. BARGAINS IN CARPETS, Ac., Ac. LOWEST HIRE PURCHASE TERMS IN THE CITY. SALE ALL DECEMBER. 109 A, 111, & 113, KIRKDALE - ROAD, LIVERPOOL. Return Railway Fares allowed to all Purchasers.

JON. BLUNDELL & SON, PEMBERTON, WIGAN AND ORRELL COLLIERIES. COAL WHARF, 275 GEE STREET, WARRINGTON. ENLARGEMENT OF PREMISES. COAL LOADED FROM WAGGONS, UNDER SHEDS, PROTECTED FROM EXPOSURE TO THE WEATHER. JOHN DIGNUM, AGENT.

'TANNERS' LANE COAL WHARF A- WARRINGTON. I I THE PEARSON A.ND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON COMPANY. LIMITED. INCE HALL COLLIE LtIES, NEAR WIGAN. LOCAL MANAGER, ALFRED PERRIS. All kinds of House Coal, Nuts, Burgy, and Engine Fuel kept in stock. Wagons sent to any Railway Station, House orders promptly attended to. Telephone No. 98. N.B.—Orders received also at 19a, Sankey-et.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. 1 BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had In CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM, 2. near WATKIN-STREET WARRINGTON.

ESTABLISHED 1855. WILLIAM LINDOP, 72, THOMAS-STREET, MANCHESTER. BOWLING GREEN BOWLS AND BILLIARD BALLS, CUES, TIPS, CHALK. WAFERS, CEMENT, AND ALL BILLIARD ACCESSORIES. DOMINOES, CHESS. DRAUGHTS, A. UMBRELLA AND WALKING- STICK MANUFACTURER TO THE TRADE.

WORTH KNOWING.—WOODEND'S FAMOUS NINE OILS. is a boon to sufferers and ucts like magic in all cases of RNEUMATISM, SPRAINS, BRUISES. and STIFF JOINTS. Price is. 4a. per bottle. carriage paid.—J.Woonram chemist. 22. Pitt-street. Liverpool.—Advt.

RUPTURES. TRUSSES. WOODEND'S PATENT TRUSSES, the most comfortable truss ever invented. A boon to wearers, hiring no spring at back. Single 7s. 6d. Double 12s. Carriage raid. Send size in inches tc J. WOODEND. Chemist. 22, Pitt-street. Liverpool.—Advt.

RUPIURE CURED. • RUPTURE CURED. RUPTURE CURED. The afflicted are respectfully notified that Mr. S. J. SHERMAN, Hernia Spc-daii-t, will continue t practice at his OLD and ONLY BRANCH CHAMBER. in MA.NcrtEsTma, namely, 28, RING-STREET (during the whole of the year 1895 ~ where he so long has had such L NP.A.RALLED SUCCESS in the treat- ment of the MANY Taous..urns who have appliel to him for relief and cure of rupture at 26, RING-STREET, MANCHESTER. London address 64, Chancery-lane, where he attends ALTERNATE Weeks. Send stAmp for his NEW BOOK OIX RUPTURE and other useful information, now FREE of CHARGE. NOTE. —His only address in MANCHESTER is 26 RING-STREET,. which is convenient to all Railway Stations. CAUTION! I CAUTION! ! CAUTION II ! Beware of untrue and mislead- ing advertisements now appearing in Manchester and other newspapers. Do not be deceived. His old and only address in Manchester is 26, King-st., and remember tiat no other person bearing the name of SR ERMAN has until just within, the past few ~ays ever hsd any address whatever in Manches- ter. S. J. SHERMAN is the only person bearing that name who has had offices in Manchester for some years past, and he is the actu.il and only person who has effected the wonderfut Rupture Cures in Manchester and elsewhere throughout Great Britain during that period.

5. All hope of comfort. in my home had died Thitil the MATCHLESS CLEANSER SOAP I tried.

BtrintrO, Easstnettrs,Carriages, &it -vim Four Wheeled VAN, suit Baker or Confectioner 11 Yarmouth CART, two spring LORRIES to carry two and four Tons. Any thescription of Vehicle built to Order and Design.—WlLLiam E.Ea.ToN.Wheelwright and Ladder Works, Clayton, Manchester.

ITOOPER AND S 1 IiMONS COACH BUILDERS, 6, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES at Moderate Prices. Good Stock to select from. Estimates for Repairs given free. The best work only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams. Landaus. Victoria', cAragonettes. and Phmtonq. now for Sqle or Hire.

3partintnts,lurntsbeb Ilouses,Bct

- - HOLY WELL.—Mrs. RIO HARDSON, Loyole House; very comfortable APARTMENTS; close to church, holy well, and 'bus.

BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, winter months on reasonatd-e terms ; board if required.—B. THORPE, 93, Warbriek Road, Claremont Park.

DOG OWNERS' Name and Address Engraved One Shilling. Dog Collars for Sale. Coal Dealers' Labels wholesale and retail.—HALL, 53. Paradise-street. Liverpool.

C• ANARIES, Canaries in all varieties tor breeding or song. Before purchasing send for price and particulars. Grand stock at MIRKETTLE'S, naturalist, Grapes Hill, Norwich. Established 1860.

BEAU fIFUL SIN 6111% COCK CANA KIES, trained by Nightingales. Woodlark s, Titlarks, have long trills and waterbubble, run 125.. 12s. 6d.. and 15s. each; 2 special Grand SuHOOLMASTERS 21s. each all warranted in full song, health and condition. Sent safe to any address on receipt of P. 0.0.; also a beautiiul Grey PARROT, with red tail, talker, 435.; 5,000 pairs Foreign .Birds in stock. Send for price list, state wants; also Persian etts and Kittens, Pet Dogs of all kinds. All articles war- ranted first-cIass.—AUGUSTUS ZACHE, Merchant, Portland I Aviaries and Pet Stores, 196, Great Purtl, rd-st., Lcndon W.

LORE SHOULDER.", SORE DA HS, Sz.e., quickly CURED BY CONDY'S FLUID. Veterinary Look free from 61, Turi,mill-Street, E. C. Horses suffering from wounds, cuts. brui, s, broken knees, cracked heels, grease or thrush, CURED in a few hours by bathing the parts affected with Condy's Fluid. (diluted). It makes the hair grow where rubted off. Prices, 8 oz. is.; 20 oz., 2s. of all Chemists. TETERINARY BOOK free containing full directions for V curing diseases af Horses, Dogs, &c. from CONDY'S FLUID WORKS, 61. Turnmili-street. Loncion,E C.

; WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown. EVERY WEDNESDAY. *TEUTONIC... Wed, Jan. 2, I BRITANNIC Wed., Jan, 9. Cotton not earned on Passenger Steamers. Second Cabin will be carried on tile voyage marked thus*, Steerage passage at low rates. including Outfit free of charge to New York. Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore. The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class, uniform in model and arrangements, and unsurpassed in the completeness of their appointments. Saloon and State Room amidships. Apply to ISMAY, IMRIR, and Co., 34, Leadenhall-street, London. IL C.. and 10, Water-street, Liverpool.

EMIG-RATION TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD: T OLIN WALKER AND k -EXAMINER • OFFICE, WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOR CUNARD LINE for NEW YORK every SATUR- kJ DAY, and for BOSTON every THURSDAY.—Fare £2.

AMERICAN LINE—SOUTHAMPTON to NEW YORK, direct every SATURDAY, and LIVERPOOL to PHILADELPHIA. every WEDNESDAY.—Fare £2.

DR. J. CoLLIS BROWNFA'S C HLORODY NE. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. CHLORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to be the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever dis- covered. ('iHLORODYNE is the best remedy known for kJ Coughs. Consumption, Bronchitis, arid Asthma. CHLORODYNE effectually checks and arrests V those too often fatal dis- ases.—Dipht heria,Fever,Croup, Ague. OHLORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhea and is the only specific in cholera and Dysentry. 'IIILORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks N._) of Epilepsy Hysteria, Palpitation. an t Spasms. -111LORODY NE is the only palliative in Neural- kJ gia, Rheumatism, Gout Cancer, Toothache. Meningitis, 3tc. From Dr. B, J. Bour.,ToN and Co.. Horncastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne in our practice lately, and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling of comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to possess this great advantage over all other*Sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. " Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Man- illa, to the effect that Cholera had been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORODYNE," —See Lancet, Ist December, 1864. CAUTION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMITA- TIONS. CAUTION.- Vice Chancellor Sir W. PAGE WOoD stated that Dr. J. COLLIS BROWNE was, undoubtedly. the inventor of "CHLORODYNE " and that the story of the defendant FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say, had been sworn to.—See Times, 13th July, 1864. Sold in bottles at is. lid 2s 9d., and 4s. 6d. None is genuine without the words "DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE " on he Government Stamp. Oterwhelm- ing Medical testimony accompanies each bottle. SOLE MANUFACTURERS.—J. T. DAVENPORT, 33, Great Russell-st- Bloomebury, London.

INV. BEATTY, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR. BROOKFIELD TIMBER YARD EARLESTOWN. Dealer in all kinds of Building Materials. General repairs to Property of every Description. All kinds of Drainage and Sewage Work. Estimates given.

01:1111tP. £2OOOOO At from 4 per cent. (trust and other money) to be Advanced on Mortgage or Deposit of Deeds, in sums to suit borrowers, in any part of the country.—J. W. READER, 5, Cook-street, Liverpool. TeL No. 5.182.

NO FEES UNLESS CASH IS ADVANcIED. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO upwards on BORROWERS' OWN PROMISSORY NOTE • WITHOUT SURETIES. Upwards of £70,000 now being lent annually. For prospectus and terms, apply to GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 20, KENNEDY STREW, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1870.

-- WIDNES AND WARRINGIVO, MR. JOHN B. 0-00DWIN continues to make ADVANCES FRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working-men, and all respectable Hcaseholders, on their own security. siONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry, on your simple written pre:disc to pay back.—Apply pt VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES, and in WARRINGIVN at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane, any Evening from St" 7. Applications from RUNCORN and District generally receive precisely the asune attention.

A MANCHESTER GENTLEMAN, with large Uninvested Capital. WILL ADVANCE SUMS OF £lO TO £l.OOO, To Responsible Persons, on the Borrowers' SIMPLE WRITTEN PROMISE TO RE-PAY. Without Sureties. Delay, Law Costs. Publcity. Also on Deeds. Life Policim Ac.. at 5 per cent. Repayments by Easy Instalments. Capital can remain at interest. This Office is a Bona-fide Private Concern, And not connected with any Loan Office. HABITUAL BORROWERS REQUESTED NOT TO ' APPLY. Full particulars from— J. CAMPBELL, ESQ., Manchester Chambers, 46A, Market Street. MANCHESTER.

GEORGE JACIigONT, P.WNBROKBII, JEWELLER. AND SILVERSMITH. 59, AND 61. CHURCH-ST.. WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY. Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS, GUNS and MUSICAL IN- STRUMENTS oi every Decription. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATI,COODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

CHRIbTMAS SALE FOR THIS MONTH ONLY OF s. d. Men's Coats from Men's Trousers from 1 6 pair. Men's Vest from 9 esch. Men's Overcoats from 2 6 each. Youth's Suits from Boy's Kni,ker Suits from Boy's Odd Vests from 6 each. Men's Shirts from Men's AU wool Singlets from Men's All-wool Drawers from ... Great Bargains in DRESS PIECES. Call and see before you buy elsewhere. --

EXTRE M nd som e 131 V )OCH and Earrings to match. in solid Payments taken. 18-carat golo, art with real diamonds and rubies, very neat design and in neat morrucco case, cost recently £4 10s. Only S.

ATERY Handsome Pair of Solid V Silver SALT-SPOONS,Govern- Payments taken. ment Hall marked, pretty &sip' Only S. 9D.

--*- ItARE Chance. (TAken in ex- change). BANJO with all ' Payments taken. latest modern impruvements, patent ' screw head, very powerful and sweet tone, cost late own. r 3 guineas, waterproot case included, a bargain for 07s. 6.

-UXCELLENT WASH FOR THE HAIR; how to promote 114 the growth of hair, inexpensive, 7 stamps each.-5 Castle-cottage, Epsom.

RECIPES.—Starch enamel for glazing linen like china, easily made, no chemicals, 6 stanipa. Curry, 56 Cathriue-terrace, Llanelly.

RIPPITH'S STRENGTH PILLS cure Nervousness, Debility, never fail. Zs. 6d. a box.—GRIFFITH, Chemist. Leamington.

'MAUD'S IRON PILLS (F.P.) enrich blood. beawtify 1) complexion;, gross, post free ls.—lxmxii and Co., Edinbmg.h. CHOICE Trichitiopoly CIGARS, in boxes of 200, at 325. per box ; cash with order. Imported by BUSHEY BRos. an Co., 7, Rumtord-street, Liverpool.

MADAME IDA ELLIS. Kent-road, Bia.kpool. describes the character, talents, and failings of any person from their handwriting or photo. Fee,

NEW Plush Satin PIECES. 3m. ; 145 V for 2s. 6d.—Sutton Home, Lee, Kent. • HEITMATISM.—A go-d RECIPE, relieves quickly, for 7d.—Address J. TOBURti. 8, Chatham Buildings, Manche& er.

\iv ELHAM'S Az,TH MA CURB never fails to cure canaries, V See you get Welham's Post free 7d. Canarydine Works, Gordon-grove, Camberwell, London.

B BAUTIFUL Black or Blue SERGE DRESS LENGTH, ss. 11d. ; very Superior, 7s. 6d. Carriage paid.—The Bradford Woollen Co., Swan Arcade. Bradford. •

-IUURNISHING and UN DE RTAKING BThIINESS. 1: Watering place, fine premises, old established, low price. Sale or partnership.—CoßLETT; Ramsey, Isle of Man.

, ANUFACTURERS' Remnants in Stuffs, Calicoes, Cash- LT Velvets, Flannels, B.c. ; 101b3., Llundles ; cheap ; pricelist free.—W. CLARKsON, merchant, 41,'8wititt-z.treet, Bradford.

THE LIGHTNING RAISIN-STONER-;--s-coi:tes,a poun—d—Of raisins in a few minntes without, waste or sticky fingers Post free is, 2d. from ,the Household Speeia ities Co., 63, Chancery-lane, London. RHEUMATISM. RHEUMATISM, RIIEUMATISM.—Cure guarant ed by Prior's Magic Lipiment ; try STORES, Chemist, or 14 stamps of Prior, 8, Clarendon-Et., London, N.W. •F OR SALE, 1851 Exhibition shawl, white silk gauze, bor- dered with broad Oriental pine pattern, 121 t. long by 6ft. broad. Cheap. Approval on Deposit. Price 15gs. O'BRIEN, Elmfi,ld, Callow, Worcester:

PlLBS.—Spargo Williams "Celebrated Devonshire Oint- ment," ban cases cured quickly; first application gives immediate relief. Box ser.t. free, 8 -stamps.—Address H. PRESTON, Raglan-street, Halifax, (Agent for Yorkshire).

HUNTING SPURS, finest pair,real silver, fashionable long straight necks, with best straps. patent leather. un- soiled. 4s. 9d., worth 1 guinea: pair nickel plated ones, with good straps. complete. post paid, 2s. 9d. J. WARRILOW, Chippenham.

NesTErlhiNtoS,grat•Lpil,DicEpn. tearen,(l:- MAGICAccssLoAri —(Special scopes (and views, splendid cAlection) Microscopes &c. new and second-hand, very cheap. Manchester Photographic DerBt, 71, Oxford-street. (All Saints). . FOUND, away to make Una Pound go as far as Three. The most wonderful Stock of Gentlenien's and Boys' Cloth- ing in Liverpool. Gent's Dress Suits on. hire, 3s. to ss. per day .—ELwooD, 164, London-road. Liverpool., TOHN LOWE, Fire and Thief-proof SAFE MAKER, has ON U SALE Milner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, 'Phillips, and others ; new and second-hand ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from. —3B. Albert-street. King-street West. Manchester.

B. I LLIARDS I BAGATELLE I—The cheapest house for Billiard and Bagatelle Tables and Requlaitea is HENN um BROS., LTD., 29. High-st., London, W.C.. Send for new Price List, cloth and cushion samples, post free. Estab- lished 1b62.

DRESS SUITS, 20s. excellent condition. Few special Misfits, from 30s. ; Coat., 108. and 12s. Suits on hire, from 3s. per day. Gentlemen's Misfits and Second-hand Clothing of every description always in stock.—HLwoon 164. London-road, Livernool.

- 4,2 KIN and Scr'ORBUTIC DISEASES such as ECZEMA. Ai SCURF, SYCOSIS (Barber's Itch), PIMPLES' and other eruptions cured by "ENGLAND'S OINTMENT."— Has cured cases of long standing af'er medictl Tr en have failed. Per Box Ps. 4fd. By Post 18.60. From H. ENGLAND, Liscard, Liverpool.

HEIGHT INCREASED.—Three. inches without fear of detection by PINBT'S Elevators (Patented). Can be worn iu any Boot or Shoe. Awarded Gold Medal. Paris. Caution—only obtainable, Pnarr, 8., 56, Berner'e-st.,Oxford- st., London, W. Pamphlet and Testimonials one stamp. Note 50,000 people increased their height last year by Pinet's Elevators.

"[TILLED by SANFORD'S RAT POISON. .which is said IS, by Farmers and others to be the best ever introduced. as they find the rats dead. Hundreds of testimonials from farmers and others. Also pois4m for killing Moles, a New Discovery, answers well. Land infested with these pests can be speedily cleared by using SANFORD'S MOLE POISON. Price of either of above. 64..25. 6d..55., post free, of SANFORD and SON, Sandy Beds. Sold by Chemists.

'• HAT'S WHAT I GET FOE MY PAINS, as the Cyclist said. when rubbing with fI_IBSON'S FAMOUS BMBROCATION.—BottIes is. 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d., post free.—GlßSON'a EMBROCATION COMPANY, Queen's Avenue, Castle-st., Liverpool. SOLD at BOOTS, Cash Chemist, Bridge-st., Warrington.

A WARDEDFIRST PRIZE MEDAL, Adelaide 1-1 Jubilee Exhibition, 1887, and Sydney Centenary Ex- hibition. 1888,—To PICTURE FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS.—Cheapest House in London. for English and Foreign Picture Frame and Room Mouldings—all the newest designs. Two mill.on feet always in stock. Veneered and fancy wood mouldings. etc. Picture frames of every description, oleographs, Ac. Further reduction in prices. Wholesale Carver and Gilder. Every requisite for the trade and exportation. Special attention to country and ship! ing orders. Full particulars in New Pattern Book, just publish-d (94 pages) containing all the Newest Designs for 4d, stamps. —H. MORELL, 17 and 18. Great bt, Andrew-st, BloomsbnrY, London. Telegraphic address 'Rabbitry," London. Stock lists and prices of glass monthly, free.

FUR BOA, long, rich, dark, bushy Tail : new, Guaranteed perfect.—Cost 20s. ; will take ss.—Mrs. ATKINSON, 81, Bicester-road, Aylesbury.

ASTIIMA, Bronchitis, sure cure. Breathing made eisy, Terms low. Particulars st .aped tnvelope.—Cßos- WELL, 10, East Topping-st., Blackp,

PA.TCHWORK.-513 pieces sill: satin, brocade, velvet, is. Bd. or is. 2d. ; print plect, (gool parcel) Is. 7d, ; par eels for bazaar work and doll draping 35. 6d.--STACEY- London-road, Southampton.

VOR SALE, Edison's latest Phonogragh Exhibitors. corn- pieta outfit, 24 records, 2 batteries, loudest resonance, nearly new, sacrifice £2B, cost £65.—T. SINGLETOS, 6, Markham-street, Ashton, Preston.

I_lo}l6l4S' LOIN CLOTHS.—Best and strongest in the market-461n. long. wide, waterproof on stout navy canvas, and weighs 41b. I will send one post free for 3s. ; worth 7s. 6d.—H. J. GASSON, Rye.

LANCASHIRE GOLD WATCHES. equal in app, arance to 20-guinea watches. Chronometer, ce, tre-seconds, stop watches, 15s. 6d.; keyless hunters, 18s. 6d. each. Good time- keepers. Money returned if not approved —Postal orders to A COLLINS, Station-read. Ainsdale. Lanc•shire.

"HOW TO ENSURE HEALTH."—A medical work giving Prescriptions and Instructions for the cure of 411 kinds of Debility : post free, two stirnps.—Address Dr. BARNES. 48, Lonsdale Square, BarnsUury, London, N.

LADIES' HANDY ILLUSTRATED GUIDE. BY a LADY DOCIOR. Free, two stamps. MADAME A. E. LILY, Colston-st , Bristol. Invaluable information and blessing to womankind.

AGOOD PLAN.—The safest, best and quickest way to make money by Stocks and Shares is fully ex- plained in Thirteenth annual edition of Explanatory book sent post free. Full of valuable information. Address GEORGE EVANS and Co„ Stockbrokers, 24. Queen V,ctoria-st., London, E.C.

RAPHAEL'S ALMANAC FOR 1895. Contains Hints to Farmers and Gardeners; Birthday In- iormation for every day of the sear; the Fate of any Child born during 1895. When tc Buy, Sell, Court. Marry. Set wls, Seek Employment, Sign Contracts, Ask Favors, Hire Servants. Deal with Others, Speculate, Travel, Remove etc.. &c. Weather & general Predictions; Farming & othet Tables &c.. &c. 116 pages, Prices 6cl. post free 7d. Foulsham & Co.. 4. Thlgiim St., Ludgate Hill, E.C., Lowl nd LAITHWATE. Warrington and all Stationers.

"IMPORTANT NOTICH.—WANTED every man to see the 1 Mirror, an illustrated guide of 64 pages. Free I.y post. Any address in envelope.—Write H. HOWELL. Secretary, 4, Fitzlll6n-square, Sheffield.

- - BANK STREET. OFFICES, £5 a room. Fro BE LET.-1, ARPLEY-STREET, Warrington, capital 1 residence, suitable for Doctor or Vet.; £35. WINHNNO'IVSKE, IiOAD, Oliver-street, Good LODGING Uc. NION STREET, SMALL WORKS in centre of town. BRIdDr9. STEEL Modern Built SHOP with excellent 5. BRIDGE STREET, Market Gate end, Lock-up SHOP, Scc. TTOYLE STREET, 6-Roomed HOUSE, decorated, tie. Apply, ROBERT LOWE. Estate Agent, Market Gate Chambers Warrington. Telephone—No. 55.

TTLEr, Dwelling-house, HopwoodStreet, four bedrooms, rent ss. Od.—Apply, ASTON & WOODS, Solicitors, Horsemarket-st., Warrington.

rpo BE LET, Five large commodious SHOPS, newly built, 1 in Bridge-street Barlestown, rent £26 and one £3O per year.—Apply to B. CoRLErr, Earlestown.

RHSIDENCE TO LET.-68, Bewsey-st.; eapital Dwelling House; 4 bedrooms, bathroom. hot and cold water, wardrobe, 2 entertaining rooms, &c.; reduced rent.—Particu- aars, Tilos Cownum., Estate agent, 45, Scotland-road Cham- bfrs, Warrington. SUBURB 3.— Most prominent Free Coroner SPIRIT VAULTS; good paying trade proved; lease; including fixtures, £25O.—E. C. ANDERTON, 101, Dale-street, Liver- pool. I\TO Goodwill.—Very extensive well-fitted SPIRIT IN VAULTS, with wholesale department. Moderate rental, Deposit required as security.—ANDEßTON, 101, Dale-street, Liverpool. ITEAR Lord-street.—Very compact Free SPIRIT VAULTS .111 hand.omely-fitted bare newly renovated throughout; £250, including fixtures; good lease.— ANDERTON, Dale-street, Liverpool. \TEAR Dale-street.— Extensive. Well-fitted, good business, 111 Free SPIRIT VAULTS ; lease; all fixtures, &c., £l5O ; rental 2,50.—E. C. ANDERTON, 101, Dale-street, Liverpool. O LET.—Large Barn, other Buildings with yard, Folly 1 lane. HOUSE, Frances Terrace, Lovely-lane, HOUSE, Lai urnum Villas, Folly-lane. HOUSE, Crosfield-street, (Op- posite Ban:.-park).—Apply 23, Folly-lane, Warrington. pRINCIPAL Tborougbfare.—Superior handsomely-fitted Free SPIRIT VAULTS, excellent billiard room and table; all at £425 ; great bargain.—Apply. .ANDERTON, 101, Dale-street, Liverpool. VILLA TO LET near Wargrave Church, Na ton-le- V ; two entertaining rooms, kitchen, etc., bath land w.c.' four berooms and garden.—To view apply to Mr. THOMAS WAYWELL, 179 Wargrave-road, Newton-le-Willows.

V C. ANDERTON (late Anderton and Jude), 101, Dale 14. street, Liverf,ool has to Let genuine Full-licensed PREMISES from £5O to £lOOO.---All particulars apply as above.

iftarinntrp, &sr., on Oalt.

DULLEY PATTERNS, up to four ieet diameter, turned and bored, loose arms. cheap. Address Box 150, " Examiner" Office, Warrington.

3niN. BAND SAW, 9, 12. 151 n. Surface Planes, lb, 18in. V Combined Hand and Power Feed Planers, and several Circulsr Saw Benches.—W. WILD, Dean•lane, Newton Heath.

ST. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS. LIMITED (late Ormerod, Grier:on, and Co. Limited), Hulme, Manchester. have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- ERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright. and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appli- cation.—Telephone 229.

PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BRISTOL. Have in Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 Irh,els coupled, with all the latesriquiprovements. Full particulars on application.

pot TENT OFF I,CS MANCHESTER, ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha 4 more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish- ment, and possess practical knowledge of the-cotton, woollen, and iron manufactures. "Self-1191p to the New Patent Law," price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws, price ls. GEORGE DAVIES. C. 8... & SON, P.1.P.A., M.8.A., 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE. MANCHESTER.

BELL'S ASBESTOS WAREHOUSE. RELL'S ASBESTOS PACKED COCKS AND GAUGES, BELL'S PATENT AsBESTOS FACED VALVES, BELL'S ASBESTOS BOILER COVERING, BELL'S ASBESTOS LUBRICANTS, BELL'S ASBESTOS PA RINGS, SHEETINGS, JOINTINGS, MANHOLE RINGS, Arm ABBSTOLINE. Can only be obtaiueel Genuine. Direct from the Sole Vendors in the Northern Counties : F. R. P U T Z, 8 and 9, SOUTH PARADE. Deansgate, Manchester, .LND PUTZ, CUR;PRNY, AND CO., 2, STRAND-STREET, James-street, Liverpool. Illustrated Catalogues post free on application. Telegram Addressee: " Asbestos,:' Manchester ; and "Asbestos," Liverpool. BEWARE OF WRETCHED IMITATIONS OFFERED BY UNSCRUPULOUS DEALERS.

Telephone: No. 55. ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, OFFICES--Market Gate Chambers. AUCTION Roonts—No. 1 Bank Street. Warrington. AGENT TO—Sun Fire and Life Office, London, Established 1710. Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass, Fidelity Guar- anteo and Employers' Liability) Insurance Association. Established 1856. Imperial Live Stock Insurance AssociAtion Limited, Es- tablished 18.78. National Boilerlnsurance Company, Limited. Established 1864.

THOMAS 11 UOWDELL. ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, OFFICES AND SALEROOM, SCOTLAND EOAD CHAMBERS, 45, SCOMAND ROAD, WARRINGTON. Furniture on SALE by Private Trea' y. INSPECTION INVITED.

THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT. 8 & 10, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON, TAKING THE LEAD WITH THEIR SPLENDID SHOW OF OVERCOATS FOR THE SEASON. A. FASHIONABLE OVERCOAT this Season is the AT ft 1-1 New Curl Serge, Single- 13.1..k.1.11• 17/— Breasted Chesterfield with Velvet Collar, TH E M. C. D. have a FROM Choice Selection of Men's Single-Breasted • 21/ Chesterfield with Real bilk Velvet Collars, In Broad Twills, Diagonals, Kyrles, Serges, Friezes, Beavers, Meltons, Ac., These GOODS are SPLENDID VALUE and are sure to PROVE a GOOD INVESTMENT THE TRAVELLING COMPANIONAT 1 for warmth, ease, and comfort, is the ..I.l_l•ki.D• DOUBLE-BREASTED MUNSTER Fully Tabbed, Extra Long, Lined through 01 / with Wool, Deep Collir LLIL/ TO In Heavy Tweeds, Broad Twills, Wool 50/,_ Friezes, Ac. ir For Gentlemen accustomed to travelling, this Coat will prove an inseparable Friend. THE M. C. YOUTH'S OVERCOATS are showing in a varietrof Fashionable Styles. YOUTH'S CAPE OVERCOATS. FROM YOUTH'S SCOTCH CLOAKS, in Heavy 19/.. Tweeds, Cheviots, Seiges, YOUTH'S SINGLE-BREASTED FROM Chesterfield, with Velvet Collar. 11,A . In the New Curl Serge.l U. 'THE M.c.D. Burs DEPARTMENT Contains a variety of New Styles. in Overcoats for Juvenile wear. The BOYS' New HUSSAR COAT, Taste- fully designed with Heavy Astrachan FROM trimming, Braid, and Olivets. In specially Selected Materials. 10/6 The BOYS' New LANCER COAT, Collar FROM and cuffs with deep Astrachan trimming. A very CHEAP.and EFFECTIVE STYLE. OYS' Double-Breasted REEFER FRom 3/11 OVERCOATS. IN NAPS, SERGES, KYRLES, Ac. 1-) 0 Y S' Double Breasted ALBANY FR°3l6/6. OVERCOATS, I CHOICE TWEEDS, WARM AND DURABLE. BOW OVERCOATS, with Extra FROM 6 4/6 Long CAPES SPECIAL ATTENTION HAS BEEN GIVEN TO THE ORDER DEPARTMENT. THE MAJ.I.J. are displaying New Ranges of High-class OVERCOATI'NGS and SUITINGS. 25/ 27/6 To Measure MEN'S OVERCOATS, MEN'S SUITS, 32/ 38/ To Measure M.EN'S TROUSERS, 8/6 10/6 To Measure FIT AND WORKMANSHIP GUARANTEED. High-class Cutters and Workmen Employed. THE M.C.D. make all their own Clothing and DEAL DIRECT with Customers with- , out INTERMEDIATE PROFITS. SEE WINDOWS. • THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT. 8 101 HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

• ASTHMA! ASTHMA! ASTHMA! Tllg LEWIS REMEDIES, 28, BUDGE-ROW. CANNON-ST. LONDON, E.C. Wonderful Cures Effected. Send at once for Testimonials, Press Opinions, &c. THE LEWIS POCKET NASAL INHALER, 25., by post 2s. lid. THE LEWIS ASTHMA AN D HAYFBVER POW- DEM, per tin 3a. 6d ,by post 3s. 9d. THE LEWIS NASAL RESPIRATOR. Is.,by post Is. ltd. THE LEWIS ASTHMA EXTERMINATOR, for Cl ronio Cases, 7s. 6d. complete. IS GELASCIT " Cure for Neuralgia in the Head, is. per bottle. post Is lid

WIDOW WELCH 'S PILLS FOR FEMALE COMPLAINTS. MRS. SMITHERS, Grand-daughter of the Widow Welch, continues to prepare this celebrated Medicine from the ',illy original and ge,iulne Family Recipe. Its just celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained for it a most extensive and Inc easing demand. Purchasers should therefore attend to the following CAUTION —To be careful that what they purchase is prepared by Mrs. Smithe:s who is the only person in possession of the ORIGI- NAL RECIPE. The genuine are wr pped in Blue Paper, and signed in tne outside label by Mrs. Smithers, and the names of the sole wholesale Agents, "W. EDWARDS AND SON, 157, Queen Victoria-st," formerly of 67, St. Paul's, London, are engraved on the Government Stamp, Sold in boxes at 28.9 d. each, by most Chemists.

FURS! LADIES' FURS! You can Purchase Single Artiees of Fur at Wholesale Price, all the first fashion; also Sealskin Jackets and other Garments. NORTHERN FUR MANUFACTORY. Office and Showroom: 21, LEVER-STREET, (Opposite the Royal Infirmary, Piccadilly), MANCHESTER. Alterations by the First Skill. Sealskin Garments Re-Fashioned, and all other Furs, Repairs, Re-Dyeing, Cleaning. &o.

LONDON. • WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40, LUDGATE HILL. HOME COMFORTS.- CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. Central for business or pleasure.

F LANDUDN O. WASHINGTON HOTEL, EAST .1.1 PARADE, healthiest part. centre of Bay. Home cum. forts, moderate charges. Fine Old Whisky. Welsh A'es. Winter week end, terms 15s.—E. BAKER, Proprietor.

QOUTHPORT.— SUNNYSIDE HYDRO.—Physicinn Dr. BARNARD°. Summer and Winter R..sidence, one of the handsomest buildings in :iouthport, centrally situated. replete with every comfort, fine Sea View ; near Parks, Piers, Trams. and Golf Links ; Turkish, Vapour, and other Baths; Massage. Galvanism.—Terms moderate.—Proprietor, J. Boocom

THE WARRINGTON SLATE CO., LTD SLATE MERCHANTS. LIME MERCHANTS, CEMENT MERCHANTS, STONE MERCHANTS. BRICKS, TILES, CURBS. SETTS. MACADAM. EVERY KIND OF BUILDERS, OR CONTRACTORS' MATERIALS sent by road, rail, or vessel to any place in the Unita Kingdom. 4.6 (3 ii-LANK LANE COAL" As sold for upwards of 50 years in Warrington District. THE WARRINGTON SLATE COMPANY LTD., are SOLE AGENTS in this District for Messrs. ACKERS, WHITLEY AND CO., LTD., BICKERSHAW COLLIERIES, LEIGH. Depot and Branch Office, MARWN STREET, WARRINGTON. Burgy, Nuts, Slack, and every description of Fuel supplied Special Quotations to Manufacturers and Dealers. BEAD OFFICE AND Telephone No. 19. GENERAL WHARF : Arpley Station. Reg. Telegraphic Addre Warrity.,tou. " Arpley," Warrington

TEETH ! TEETH TEETH! MACDONALD'S COMPANY. WHOLESALE ARTIFICIAL TEETH MANUFACTORY (Registered.) 8..* H.M.R. Letters Patent. (Trade Mark.) The Best an‘t Cheapest House in the Profession. Single Teeth, 2s. ; Sets. 208. Fit and Quality Guaranteed Patients fitted while they wait. A lady in attendance. The Trade Supplied. All best materials and workmanship Teeth extracted free from 6 to 8 p.m. Teeth extracted without pain. Free consultations. 9 PICOADILY (Opposite Infirmary Clock). MANCHESTER.

AN ENGLISHMAN'S HOUSE IS HIS CASTLE or, properly speaking, ought to be. 'This can never be the case, if unfortunately a would-be householder has to resort to the Easy Payment System, a new name for the int. quitous Hire System. To furnish a house on the Hire System, alias the Easy Payment System, is to establish and support what is the most cruel, arbitrary extortion ever invented. The prices charged for the goods are enormous, without any regard for quality, the agreements are one-sided, being drawn with a cuteness .which would do credit to a money lender, full of despotic and arbitrary restrictions, suchas not to remove the mark on the furniture, not to remove the furniture, not to wear the furniture. At all times to allow the mercenaries to inspect the furniture. To pay the instal- ments regularly, and if oneis missed to forfeit the furniture and all the moneys you may have paid, that is to say, although you might have paid £l9 on £23 worth of furniture, but missed the last payment by a single day, the vultures could empty our house and stick to the £l9 paid, as well as the furniture. Other conditions such as permission to break open forcibly night or day, the outer and inner doors of your house, in order to take away the goods, and above all, that no matter how badly and wickedly they may treat you that you undertake not to resort to legal proceedings. Be warned in time, have nothing to do with easy payment or hire system. If you require assistance go to Mr. W. H. Worsley, " The Pantheon," Gaythorne, Manchester, the largest House Fur- nisher in the North, who will treat you y.ith consideration, sell you goods at the lowest cash price, and, if required, allow you time to pay for them, charging you 10 per cent over invoice price for the convenience. For instance Mr. Worsley has several HOUSES OF FUR- NITURE on view at £l5 155., £2O, £25, £3O. £52, £lOO, all at the lowest cash price, and not a penny less. Any of the above suppl.vd subject to credit, upon 10 per cent being added to the amount. Particulars post free. GREAT BA.RGAINS AT WORSLEY'S.—DRAWING- ROOM SUITE complete, solid walnut, cost £4O, price for quick sale £9 cash. £9 18s. credit, with Cabinet, 2 Tables, Overmantle, Carpet, Fender, and Brasses, &,c. Heavy Dining-room Suite,, complete, in Mahogany, uphol- stem tin Ottoman Cloth, cost 2,40 new, the whole lot for £ll 10s, with Side Board, Dining Table, Oyermantle, and Coal Vase to match; also a Persian Carpet and Hearthrug. Magnificent Bedroom Suite: Tiarge size Wardrobe, plate- glass. Centre door, wings for hanging, Dressing Table, Wash- stand. Three chairs and Rail, polished satinwood, ten guineas complete with heavy brass Persian Bedsteaa, Curtains, Mat- tress, &c., all to match. Ten per cent added for credit. Note the following bargain :—Complete House of Furniture mainly second-hand, for £2O cash ; £22 if by deferred pay- ments. Consists of a heavy sitting-room suite in leather, couch, two easy chairs and four single ch lire, dining table, mahogany s;deboard, Persian carpet and heartbrug, brass fender, brass fire appliances, cornice and curtains, and pictures. The kitchen has a substantial dresser, chairs, arm chair, rocking chair, table, fender and fireirons hearthrug, &c. The bedroom is furnished with bedroom suite, chairs and rail, chamber service, brass mounted bedstead, patent wire spring mattress, Shetland wool overlay, bolster and two pillows, carpet, and fender. The stairs and the landing-are fitted with carpets, brass rods, &c. The hall or lobby is fitted with oilcloth, brass clip, three mats and a cocoa mat. The above forms the most compact, convenient lot ever offered. Other lots. £25, £3O. £35, £4O, and £5O, ecpally cheap ; particulars sent on application. Every article guaranteeu for five years, exchanged if not approved. WOIt,SLEY'S "THE PANTHEON," GAYTHORN, MANCHESTER. Hours of business 9 a.m. to 7 p.m.

uftalinantments. SMITLI, SONS, AND CONIPANY.—PIANO and ORGAN WAREHOUSE, 34, OXFORD STREW, MANCHESTER. PIANOS BY ALL THE GRIT MAKERS. KIRKMAN ERNST KAPS. COLLARD GOBS & KALLMANN BROAD WOOD IBACH HOPKINSON BECHSTEIN, For Sale or Hire, or on the 3 year's system. PIANOS from 10s. 6d. monthly, ORGANS from ss. monthly, till paid for. Delivered tree in Warrington and Di triet on payment of first mouth's hire. Nat. Tel. 2445. J. W. TEMPERLEY MUSIC SELLER, 31, LOWLAND'S ROAD. RUNCORN. PIANOS, ORGANS, VIOLINS, &C. Tuning and Repairs. All kinds of Fittings in Stock. Arrangements made for First-Class Orchestral Band and Pianists. PIANOS on HIRE and on HIRE-PURCHASE.

HENS HA W. PIANOS. HENSHAW. PIANOS. HENS HAW. 83, Piccadilly, opposite Waterloo Hotel, MANCHESTER. •• PEOPLE'S MODEL,' seven octaves, lull trichord, check action, panel • H front, iron frame, in veneered cases, £22 cash. or H may beobtained by easy payments of 12s. 6d. monthly. Delivered free on receipt of first month's hire. Pianos on hire system from 10s. 6d. monthly, by all the leading makers. All B Instruments sold by HENSHAW are fully war- rantei. 83. Piccadilly, opposite Waterloo Hotel. N Pianos tuned and repairedor taken in exchange. N AMERICAN ORGANS, full compass, with knee swell, in handsomely S finished mirror eases, from 6s. 6d. monthly till S paid for. HENSHAW, being a wholesale dealer, can give advantages to the public that ordinary dealers H cannot do. •• HENSHAW deals fairly with his three years' customers in cases of emergency. He does not A want both money and Instrument. A HENSHAW supplies dealers with Pianos and Organs. DON'T BUY YOUR PIANOS OR ORGANS AT W. HENSHAW'S, 83, PICCADILLY, MANCHES- W. TER, if you can get them better and cheaper elsewhere. HENSHAW. PIANOS. HENSHAW.

-"NANO SALE AT J. PARRY'S, 20, DOWNING-ST., ARD- WICK, MANCEIRSTER. 300 Pianos must be cleared. Full-compass Semi-grand, by Broadwood £2 15 Full-compass Rosewood Iron-frame Piano, by Stoddart 3 10 Full-compass Iron-frame Cross-string Piano, by Adams 5 5 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage. by Schumann 7 10 Full-conspass Iron-frame Cottage,by Yates, check-action 8 5 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Collard 8c Collard 11 15" Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Broadwood A Sons 14 0 Large Chancel Organ, 9 sets, 18 stops, 2 swells, cost 50gs 15 15 Piano & Organ combined, a grand instrument, cost £lOO 20 0 Piano Orchestrion, self-acting, with music, cost £35 l5 0 Several Organs by Bell, Storey and Clark, Briggeport and Thomas, from £2 15s. upwards.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

• HOOPING COUGH The celebrated effectual TTOOPING COUGH cure without internal

HOOPING COUGH Of all Chemists price 48. per bottle. Sole Whole- sale Agents : W. EDWARDS AND ;lON, 157, Queen Victoria ctreet. London. CROUP

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

RUPTURE. RUPTURE. RUPTURE.. TA. SHERMAN, Hernia Speatalist, notifies those who are anxious to consult him and secure his method for relief and cure; that his NEW OFFICES I MANCEIESTER are at 19. MOUNT-STREET, where he may be consulted daily until further notice. Remember J. A. Sherman is the Author of the SHERMAN METHOD, and that Thousands during the past forty years hlve, throug'i his care and treatment, been restored to normal soundness. Remember, also, that JA. is the only SHERMAN who has effected the wonderful Cures in Great Britain since 1887. Remember J. A. Sherman's Cham_ bers are at 19, MOUNT-STREET, opposite the Central Railway Station, Manchester; and finally, remember that JA. Sherman's Book on Rupture i sent post free, 7d., and that a greater portion of his bank is used to make a book published by another party, c ilculated to confuse and mislead the afflicted as to experienc,3, ability and succ -as. Also remember that the Illustrated 13:-,ok advertised by the other party con- tains no case bt those treated and cured by J. A. Sherman Truth is what the afflicted seeking relief, want for a guide Note the addreis 19, MOUNT-ST., Opposite CENTRAL STATION, MANCHESTER.

•ELECTRO - MASSAGE (THOMAS' SYsTEM). CONSULTING AND TREATMENT ROOMS :- 22, LORD-BTR E ET, LIVERPOOL. R. H. THOMAS, SPECIALIST. RESULTS FROM THOMAS' METHOD OF TREATMENT. ELECTRO-MASSAGE, ELi3.O PRO-HYDROPATHY, AC. Miss—, Liverpool, chronic dyspepsia, nervous exhaustion; eighteen treatments. —C 11 RED. Mr. —, Liverpool bronchial-asthma, general debility ; eight treatments.—CUßED. Master —, Bootle, paralysis, nervous debility, Ac. ; twenty treatments—MUCH IMPROVED. , Mr. —, Warrington, nervous exhaustion, varicocele; eigh- teen treatments.—CUßED. Miss —, Birkenhead, many years chronic asthma, nervous debility, and general exhaustion ; eight treAtments.— ALMOST CURED. Mr. —, Bootie, varicocele, mental depression ; eighteen treatments—CUßED. Mr. —, Liverpool, varicocele, nervous exhaustion, Ac. ; twenty treatments—COMPLETELY RESTORED. Mr —, Liverpool, neuritis, atrophy ot the optics, nervous debility, sluggish liver; SIGHT RESTORED, general health • greatly improved—sixte ,n treatments. Miss —, Liverpool, goitre and general debility—nearly well. • Full particulars on application. Free consultation. R. H. Thomas, Specialist, 22, Lorit-street, Liverpool. ELECTRICITY, as a Therapeutm Agent, when scientifically , applied, acts as a STIMULANT, SEDATIVE, TONIC. TUE EFFECTS ARE— IMPROVEMENT IN SLEEP, INCREASE OF APPETITE ; • IMPROVEMENT IN DIGESTION AND ASSIMILATION, REGULA [ION OF BOWELS • IMPROVEMENT IN CIRCULATION, RELIEF, OF NER- VOUSNESS AND MENTAL DEPRES ilON' • INCREASE IN VITAL FORCE AND NERVE ENERGY. . , Mr.—, Birkenhead, nervous debility of long standing; six treatments—better in every way. Mr. —, Prenton. nervous exhaustion, acute neuralgia, general prostration; twelve treatments, CU itED Mr. —, Liverpool, nervous debility, sluggish liver, consti- pation, ; twelve treatments, CURED. Mr. --, Seacombe. extreme nervousness, constipation general debility; fifteen treatments, CUBED. Mr. —, Prenton, nervous dyspepsia and liver congestion ; twelve treatments, greatly improved. Mr. --, Bold-street, Liverpool, complete nervous exhaus- tion, loss of vital power, congested liver ; twelve treat- - ments, FULLY RES I °RED. Mr.--, St. Michael's, nervous debility, chronic constipa- tion of years, standing, varicocelo ; two courses of treat- ment, THOROUGHLY CURED. Many of the above cases had been considered hopeleell? incurable. References on application. CONSULTATIONS FREE. , One Resident Patient taken. R. H. THOMAS, SPECIALIST. 22, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

TUE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1884.

REMOVAL OF THE RUNCORN EXAMINER OFFICE. Commencing with the next issue on Fri Jay next, Jai. 4th, 1895, the office for th :sale of the RUNCORN' EX %MINER.," and for the receipt of News, Advertisemnts, and Printing Orders, WILL BE REMOVED TO MR W. SHAW JUN., HAIRDRESSER AND STATIONER, WATERLOO BUILDINGS, TOP LOCKS.

POLISHING—A PLEASURE WILL NOT FINGER STEPHENSON'. NARK. 044 FURNITURE CREAM. . • , , Sold by Chemists. Grocers, and Ironmongers. Bole Proprietors, STEPHENSON BROS.. BRADFORD. RAZOR is made 4.44 4 fromthe best Shef- ,ql.llllllltim „ tid 1171 o tifollh 11"1 field STEEL and groand by Sheffield workmen. It is warranted and if not appr, ved when tried will be exchanged. To be had of any respectable Ironmonger or Cutler at Black HANDLE in Case 3/6. Ivory HANDLE in Case 5/6. Pair of Black handle in a fiat Case 9/-. Pair of Ivory handle in a flat Case 13/6. or post free front the Manufacturers. A good Beehive Razor is supplied at 1/2, 1/6, 2/-, and 2/6, P.O. and cheques, SLATER BROS., Sheffield.

WELLS'S GRAVEL PILLS, A sure cure for Gravel, Lumbago, Pains in the baclt GRAVEL Dropsy, INVind and Water Complaints PILLS GRAVEL Diseases of the Kidneys. Bladder, PILLS GRAVEL Urinary Organs. Stone, Gleet. Stricture PILLS GRAVFL Sciatica, Rheumatism, &c. The Effect, PILLS GRAVEL lof One Box is Marvellous. Price 1/14 PILLS GRAVEL I and 2/9 Box. Agents :—Hill & Cu. PILLS GRAVEL I Butt ermarke-st ,Fairhurst & Co., Horse- PILLS GRAVEL I market-at.. J. R. Young. Sankey-st., I PILLS Boots, Bridge-st., Warring'ott; or free by post from THE PROPEL ETots, 41. Scotland-road. Liverpool

One little bottle of Norton's Pills Is not guaranteed to cure all ills, But one little bottle, beyond all question, Will thoroughly conquer Indigestion!

They have 100 "YEA,,S' REPUTATION of being an UNEQUALLED REMEDY for INDIGZSTION, hEAD- ACHE, BILIOESNE-4,, bECILITY, STOMACH and LIVER COMPLAINTS. A 6PL.E.NDID TONIC, ANI) G&ITLE APE it Ie.NT. . A NA • rk • 'I"A,4 • • , Pc^-77 4.11,10 ti 4 Vh141:3-- 0 , 01.";* ir2 Mild :n Operstion, Pcily Safe, and Free from Injitvious Drugs. In Bottles, Ic. l Ad.. 21 Dd., and lit., of all Medicine Vendors. Ask 101. Carnomilc Pills," and (.1%, n•,t he persuai,,i to t,i,e Fol,stititto. Prepared by NOTITQNN LTD., 21 Spital Square, London, E =MEW ONE LITTLE BOTTLE.

NoRT

TRADE MARK.

A PERFEC For weakness, loss cif tiesh and vital power,rest- N less sleep, pimples,nervous exhaustion, & ailments , arising from early or later-day errors. Address ..- Messrs. WiLsinson, Medical Hall, Sheffield. \ 4/6 THE CASE, WI Is It a BY POST 4/9. 111 • ISh.. AGENTS —MFSSRS HOVENDEN, 61. CITY -ROAD. : who will forward by post.

AGENTS An easy way of INCREAS- ING YOUR INCOME by WANTED starting WATCH, &c.,CLUBS for the supply of B EN SON' S Watches. Clocks, Jewellery, and other Good. Sound, and Reliable Articles at Moderate Prices. Terms Liberal. Particulars Post Free. J. W. BENSON, 62 & 64, LUDGATE HILL, LONDON, E.G.

RULES FOR STARCHING. A. most valuthle little book for those who do their tarching at home. Post free for 2 stamps. C. CHANCELLOR & Co., LONDON, E.C.

FOUR GREAT HOUSEKEEPER'S Half the TRY in ewTHaftfii theLL . ' SUN '"' 1 POLIS . E ST, CHEAPEST 'TWO - ri 1 .9. 8011 l 'A Labour, you can produce More N Polish with Two Penny Packets P., of Rising Sun than with Halt- i ...„ Dozen of ordinary Blacklead. .... i 2 RISIN'SuId METAL 11l POLISH. GIVES TOALL KINDSOF METALS A ;1! BEAUTIFUL SOFT BRILLIANTPOLISH. Sold in 3d., Sd. & 1/- Bottles. No Nixing, No Scratches, Scarcely any Rubbing. 3 CHANCELLOR'S PLATE POWDER. bid "There is no preparation of which we know to equal •-• its excellence."—ENQU IRE WITHIN...Id. per box. El 14,

RISING SUN STOVE POLISH. EASIEST QUICKEST, CHEAPEST,& BEST BLACKLEAD TI4JE WORLD.

MACK'S SO TO AU RI 3 I H CE CONTAINS IN PROPER PROPORTIONS GLOSS, BORAX, GUM ~WAX &c. c.

1 i!:.2. REQUIRES no addition or preparation. SAVES Time, Labour, and Uncertainty. PRODUCES Beautifull.Vhite Glossy Linen. .... Ask your Grocer to get them for you. C. CHANCELLOR & Co., LONDON, E.O

HINTS FOR HOUSEWIVES. 12-Page Pamphlet containing useful domestic hi Post free 1 stamp. F. F. FRY, 53, Belleville Road, Wandsworth Common, LONDON, S.W.

SAVE A DOCTOR'S FRE. ADVICE TO LADIES (FREE). ALADY SPECIALIST (qualified) many years attached to a Fern Ale Hospital. is enabled to POSI- TIVELY GUARANTEE the DESIRED RESULT in a few hours, no matter how long standing the IRREGULARITY may be, and even when everything else has failed. Write at once, enclosing stamped addressed envelope, to SPECIALIST 295. STRAND. W.C.

IINE CASE OF ARMY AND NAVY MEDICINES contains sufficient to cure Contagious Diseases of a certain class (internal and external). Price 4s. 6d. Single Bottles of Mixture 2e. 91. Only of HOPE, Operative Chemist (late Methuen). 332, Deansgate, Manchester. Advi^P free

I. *TO LADIES . T

dr icri, 1„,.1.1',,"-i-:‘.,?7-I,' .'006,,,,,,,k •sopr'' iv' sl/4.1‘kt„%5 , WATSOS .t. TA,''''.o.. ''''. -*‘`tr,..,... ' t os" 4 s.'"; I „le....,eits„ v. it4 ',• -' 4 ,t" ..c; A'• ,wet, . ~ —c 'I, ~ .."t" ' S ' ;.,, -4'. Pr. - ' .',..5. 1 f -,7.. ',,Z, = , . . vs,' - . t s . ..; , s \.,, ,5,.., t--4.., ~I'' 1 -IPA] ''P 1 - . "4, , ' 4*,,ArmaL.f.- 4 a,. -4-71sarnife,,.. T."---4' - t,---.4...r.„„••••,,,,,,,,-,f, Vl'Vt' • "C\---' rPrZ. t.. S.- • . t'S, '.' ..1 v. s 0 fOR Nor • `0,41;) F.,, . ~.: - itiy.. itfitt ~, ~ , ...3..., ...‘,,,,, 501\• IV- For 150 Wrappers the splendid Picture, "The Charge of the Light Brigade," in good gilt frame, will be sent carriage paid. Fall particulars on each Wrapper-

_--•, 4T

FAT N E S-$ FAT PEOPLE MADE THIN.• 'l Dr.CAMERON'S OBESITINE PILLS are a jr. safe and pleasant cure ; sent free from I. observation on receipt of P.O. for 21.6. As A marvellous means of reducing excessive • \ fat and improving the com.plexion."—B. It( CAMERON, 33, Imperial Mansions, Oxfcrd street Loud on.

TO LADIES ! THE GREAT INDIAN FEMALE MEDICINE, was die- . overed by a married Lady during her tra,rels in the Far East, who has never known it to tail in rernay.ng the worst eases of Irregularity or Obstruction in two hours, even after all other remedies fail, nothing Can possibly resist the action of this extraordinary preparation, which is almost instantane- ous in its effect. Ladies will avoid much expense, illness. Worry,and cruel hitter disappointment by having this remedy at once. Sent secure from observation for 4s. 6d.— rs. BA RINGTON, 4, Featherstone-buildings, London. W.C. 4.,

cr,rAT ,!,..Icmit. et AI ft Pa a;.s sr n • .\\ -ENTI Yli;.-k P. ItEtiF,AllOl:l has brought to iighte ipEare,eui letnerly for NEit'VOLIS DEBILITY, the rrr i S',.)oth, Lost Wi-atdiess, Dimness of Live-2 complaints. L3u :he 4:1.1B of a Minister who wili bilfriend anyeoe stift,r4os.: trotn these enervating -- ~.116ea.,(34. ft he.. CURED Tmtlusrins. ‘.! e7ely send self -addresseo to the 1).1,1A Jones ILy Vtia.t,owe.s, wnen the !,reserin- !ion Will be sent FItEE OF ClfAittlE. Name this vapor.

THE GREAT REMEDY. s ips T PILLS FOR GOUT, RHEUMATISM, SCIATICA, LUMBAGO. The Excruciating Pain is quickly relieved. Sure. Safe, and Effectual. Sold by all Chemists at is. IL-d. and 2s. 9,1„ per box.

alrelt.THE BLOOD IS THE LIFE" 7 • WORLD-FAMED BLOOD: MIiXTURE THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS. "We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture, It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to light, and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it to our subscribers and the public generally " Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from wh,aterer cause arising For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skim said Blood Diseases, Pimples, and sores of all kinds, its effects are marvellous. It is the only real specific for Gout and Rheumatic Pains, for it removes the cease from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials In bottles 2s. sa. and 11s, each, of all Chemists. Sent NT 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- prietors LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY, LINCOLN. Beware of Worthless Imitations.

A_DIESI THIS IS FOR YOU TO READ. 'THE most WONDERFUL REMEDY in the WORLD for all UtREGULA IVES and OBSTRUC- TIONS. however obstinate. SUCCESS CERTAIN— FAILURE IMPOSSIBLE. This is a genuine and TRUST- WORTHY SP i•CIA.LITY. The most WINO UAL remedy in the WORLD. IMPORT' ANT Partb!ulars on receipt. of stamped addressed envelope. W. E. DITPRPZ, No. 60 BOTANIO INSTITUTE, St. PAUL'S ROAD. ISLI NlO'l ON, LONDON N. EXCELS ALL OTHERS -, NOTHING CAN RESIST IT A GOLDEN REMEDY FOR LADIES.

DON'T COUGH-JUST USE " 94, Commercial Road, Peckham, July 12, 1889, " Dear Sir,—l am a poor hand at expressing my feelings, but I should like to thank you. Your lozenges has done wonders in relieving my terrible cough. Since I had the' • operation of" Trachemomv " (the same as the late Emperor of Germany, and unlike him, thank God , I am still alive),. perormed at St. Bartholomew's Hospital, no one could pos- sibly have had a more violent cough ; it was so had at times that it quite exhausted me. The mucus, whi ii was very copious and Lard, has been softened and I have been able to, get rid of it without aifficulty. —I am. air. yours truly, J. HILL." KEATING'S LOZENGES. The above speaks for itself. From strict inquiry it appears th,t, the benefit from using Keating's Cough Lozenges is understated. The operation was a speeially severe one, and was peKormecl by the specialist Dr. IL T. Baffin. of St. Bartholomew's Hospital. Shire the operation the only means of relief is the use of these Lozenges. successful are' they that, one affords immediate ben • fit. although from the nature of the case the florist irritation is intense. WEIGHT IN GOLD. Under date Sept. 8, Mr. Did writes: " I should long atm* h.ve been (1.-id but for your Lozenges they are worth their weight in gold. I will gladly see arid tell everyone what a splendid cough remedy they are." Keating's Lozenges are sold in tins Is. 11d. each. The un- rivalled remedy for COUGHS, HOARSENE:"S.and THROAT TROUBLES.

HUNDREDS Of DELICATE WOMEN I are lost every year,, by takingtpills which purge and injure, but do. not do good. Ifyou are suffering send at once P.O. 2/6, for NATURE'S OWN REMEDY. Simple, Harmless, and sever/ails. Nothing can stand against it. Hundreds of genuine testimonials. Particulars on receipt of stamped envelope (under cover). MRS. Mame. PORT, 96, Black Bull Road, Folkestone.

These tiny soluble CAPSULES are su- perior to Balsam of Oopaiba4 Oubebs or ,N TA,astringent liquids 4*. and CURE IN 48 HOURS the same Ddiseases without in- '•. convenience. Au Capsules marked 4/6 of all °herniate, or post free. from WILCOX & Co. ,239 Oxford St. ,London,W.

The: .'clicolura. N0.11341e Half-Guin-7-4-el COSTUMES m NEW REWTERED DESIGN FOR WINTER, 1894: litliclts., Direct from the Largest Fit's of Costume Manufacturers in the World, at less than Half Ordinal-3r Prices. These Costumes are made in The John Noble Cheviot Serge, in Black, Navy, Brown, Myrtle, Rutiy, Reseda, Tan, Grey, or Drab; they are supplied complete ',• ...,,:-.6„,,' for the ridiculous price of 2.430/6 each, packed in leather board box, and lt, sent carriage paid for 9d. extra, and in the making of them there are a Over SOO Workers Employed. , . A The .7...11 ' ,( • c , John Noble Half-Guinea Costumes are known all over the world as the most remarkable ever produced, and have created a V\ „. ) I! complete revolution in the cost of garments for Ladies' wear. , ti Each garment consists of improved wide Skirt and new smartly h shaped Bodice, which is pleated at the back into apo ad inted saddle that ill': 4 ) ' terminates in two points at the front; full fashionable sleeves, bound seams, and belt, and the bodice can be worn inside or outside the ''' -- / /, k .• i\\ • z 'i\• 0/ „ skirt, which measures 40 inches long. The lower part of the skirt, and the cuffs, collar, and saddle of bodice, are trimmed with one row .-- - 4 1, :-....• , , %.-5-• i of fine silk cord, the whole thus forming '-' . A LADY'S COMPLETE 10 ._..„ /6 . • COSTUME- FOR ' I 1 IIZ? , 44464 A, . N. • The Present Design excels all previous ones in every respect. The style is better, the cut is superior, and the make and ',/,'," ' I -finish beyond all eriticism, thus adding in a triple degree to the // // already marvellous value of these Costumes, which have secured An / • enormous success, and are known in every part of the civilised // world. Each Costume packed in box and sent carriage paid for 9d. ‘t, extra. The sizes kept in stock will fit any figure up to 38 inches round / / ' • 5.•,,-;:;. • the bust under arms, but larger or special sizes can be made to order ..L\ .at a cost of 1/6 extra. LADIES' COSTUME SKIRTS, in the Fashionable P Wide Shape, ape also sußplied in the John Noble Cheviot Serge, as /," , 1 follows: Costume Skirts, untrimmed, price only 6/6 ; Costume' ~ Skirts, trimmed broad crossband of black velvet, price only 7/6; go n 1, Costume Skirts, trimmed two rows military braid, price only 6/6. A \ • Each Skirt packed in box and sent carriage paid for 6d. extra, • Colours as above. -... .., _ KNOCKABOUT FROCKS for Girls Prom Are also supplied in the John Noble Cheviot Lengths 21 24 27 SO 33 36 39 42 45 ins. 1 serce, with saddle top, long full sleeves, belt and pocket, at the following prices:—. Price 1/6 2/- 2/6 3/- 3/6 4/- 4/6 5/- 5/6 each.)Each. Postage 41d. extra. Every Purchaser delighted. The lengths stated are from top of neckband to bottom of skirt in front. THE JOHN NOBLE CHEVIOT SERGE (REco.) ifsamaef.abilcisofstcrienacthedsurawili,ty and world-wide does not spot with rain, and may be washed whenever necessary. Colours—Navy, Brown, Myrtle, R 07/ Reseda-, Ruby, Grey. JOrab, Tan, or Black. Every reader can secure a Full Drt69 Length of SIX YARDS for 7/6. Sent carriage paid or Eid. extra. . rar PATTERNS, also Illustrated "Book of the Serge" and Fashion Sheet of other Costumes for Ladies and Children's wear sent POST FREE to any reader of this paper on application. JOHN NOBLE, LTD The Warehouse, • 9 11, Piccadilly, MANCHESTER.

DR. MACKA.Y S MARVELLOUS FONIA.LE RENIEGY A/r WOR ALL OBSTRUCTIONS and IRREGULARI- 111 AD AME FRAIN'S FAMOUS FEMALE MIXTURE. TIES stands unrivalled. The most stubborn and hope- The most powerful and effective on earth. For the most less cases yield to this extra ilinary Medicine in six hours, obstinate cases. Will not injure the most delicate. Price Immense sale throughout th w3rld. Thousands of sufferers 7s &I (Strongest lie bottle). Post free Ed extra. cured, Testimonials (Genuine), with full Instructions and HERBAL INSTITUTE, lA, HACKNEY-ROAD, Advice, accompany each bottle. Sent post free, under cover, (facing Shoreditch Church), I ONDON, N.H. for ss. 6d. Send at once stamped directed envelope for particulars and DR. MACKAY, 104, HIGH HOLBORN, London. proofs. I will forfeit £lOO for every testimonial that is not Beware of Dishonest Imitators, genuine, and they can be seen at. any time.

r,,,, 4 m 74 r% T .:: 1:: Q GOOD FA.V; f 1 Y MrCl' ' 1. I ' ' A , .I.hm,i A ;N ti it. 4 ~..v. 4 i,'NJ' &0 a i.. 4 b,,,r,,...0T, W ITII a prudent use, his save , niany a life ; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and re.iuced to a more :.,iutple form. Take tome good Compound such as ) COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, it and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little .. mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set idown as the best.—Observer. F: C OCKLES FREE FROM MERCURY. t ANTIBILIOUS : !OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. : I For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

__ . _ -ii -,-,, 'Boyd ea ~,,,, ..,k, 'l,, rt '7 )0 c;-: a. r s . 1/11 2/9 4/- 11/6 '''s'r -- „ 1 (74,... , ~,, . .",„,„ ,L 7.... ,--),)„,..„ _ Ills‘ . ct . . . . e . ~ • -_,..,,777- ,_(, ..-7,<,/.1/ ))OTBALL C,C. UE.'li ,__-- „-,--.- . _ ..........:z---- ~, 7 (9 vat emire 1.! fy\ ,:7:74 —l//;',? 14 I,'''' ' . i'''/. (":" I' ..:—/----11-:----72.----17-1-7-17:11: . 1 c''' el/ 1 s atlsfactwit t o 1 '1 \ 11 N.N•I- G 1 • ' - • used it , .__ • ..--.,,,.. —_, .-----;:?„ , ...-. •-, , / ././ ..," / rejuared 07-,y,h/ ----. ,a „, „--,,, f/v7,-,-?/4;------- ri .....-,-, , .5,5-- 0 ___,-,..„.--„_. -:-- ELLIMAN ()N bt Uo.• "---(_,.,,,_,y.,„.,. ,:-,-,-;--,—„,_ -,---5----------: Siouh _...„ 0 irirreeff,,l7,,,, , „,,,„ -,L-:„ I'2 ~. . „. --,--.e,:c•%-,-,,A,;kze17aLK.1,,,,_:.,,=,-, 191.-_-,' ' ENGLAND , ~,.... -----,00 -,-,•*27,,-.1,,,,-,--,p..,„ .a,..(„-,- _.. . „ ....-..- . . • -, ,\. v- Lk, a i Ire_ ..... f_. / r., -.........-..---/?2,--, ......, -,....-. ---.. _ ---, ••1i . ...

PILLS AND OINTMENT Will Cure BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, COUGHS, COLDS, SORE THROATS, WHEEZING, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, &a. The Ointment is a Sure Remedy for CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, BURNS, CUTS. BRUISES, SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, &a.

Manufactured only at 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONDON.

PURE IRISH LINEN.

ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. G. R. HUTTON & CO., LARNE, BELFAST,

THE FIRST DOSE RELI EVES I I IS THE ONLY PERMANENT CURE FOR ." 'GO UT AN D- RHEUMATISM . From _TAMES ROBERTS, Esq.. Surgeon, M.R.C.S., L.S.A. MELTON MOWBRAY, May zgth, %Fps. e • I haDveeafrouSaids'rt Sirs-;aullsefzi obliged if Loueswoill ndumm • aeticanGtohuetr, supply of be glad continue to use it. Yours truly, JAMES ROBERTS. • „ . • Sold by aI I Chemists 4 StoresdillVEVET.l AND FROJI.:-.'7ODILMIRKS NOTTINGHAM ENGLAND

, ilit" 3AP SO/ITHING POWDERS, FOR CHILDREN CUTTING TEETH. IN JSE OVER FIFTY •YEARS.

JOHN STEEDMAN, CHEMIST, WALWORTH, SURREY." is engraved on the Government Stamp affixed to each packet.

ONE BOX 0,-+' CLARKES' B 41 PILLS is. war- ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs. in either sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Pains In the back. Gmaranteed free from Mercury. Sold in Boxes, 4s. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throughout the World; or sent to any address for sixty stamps by the Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY, Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; BAR CLAY SC SON London, and all the Wholesale Houses.

SWINT GOLD MEDAL F, 1111_11ARRIS0,k1 K NIT TER '11.1" le* vNITR Stockings ribbed or plain. , • elk GLOVES and CLOTHING in H WOOL, SILK, or COTTON. INETRUC. • TIONB FREE. Ii ts free per pobt. _ TRIUMPHANT A WARD at I'ARIS. The only WINNLR in the WOLILD of 7 GOLD MEDALS and I9other Honours. HAP. ITEON KNITTING MA' HINE Cu. Ltd. Works : 48, Upper Brook EL, Manchester.

WOODS' PATENT GALVANISED STEEL WIRE MATTRESSES, With French and Persian Be,lsteads complete. ~^ . Nc. 1035—French. To be seen carrying iniiiiill- ONE ,• We Challenge r.n., 10 I 11111- TON. .- . other Wire Mat tress to stand this Test Il OP' t . 17:=::-;54: ,it But is it ever re- , : .:',.? ~.'''-' ~2... p*:.„--,;•••5 ' ~...r` '; quired of a Mattress that it should carry 111 „....„"ag Jer. 1 .. . - '''' ''• one ton' Certainly II 4 irl. not. Hitherto the ' comphant against the use of .1 Wire Mattresses has been that oCtiV4. - they dtretched after a time, hich was true. We give this severe test to prove that urs will not stretch. If they do within 5 years wewill replace with new ones. To be had from THOMAS SUTTON, Sale Rooms. Legh Street. THE LONGFORD WIRE Co Limited WARRINGTON,

2'o < • • , .34 '47' • , •- STALSAM or ,

VS 114/It. 1 ,i.t, \\\.\ •vi , - 0 It; , ~: \\ „ -`---4t- ,' • ,l'ttS '1 ---tWAIY-jvfr; 4,,.,(--..-4",,,,,:,:,),,i-;•,„;:i , .....14 •:ijoe'h,,c,,, r,,;:,-A, f ~ /4, •.,‘, , 1.6,6.,. ~.... ~,,..v...vid- ~,,w. ,i, , 6,, `'',.P 1 ' 'iiki - ' -,W ' ..'.... 4.'/),!,_ •,,,, r ,t,'• 7. li, A el D E MA ~ . I SS p, i:i ..,s l'.. .c`;. • ~ LsAm or .• .. 1 -; N. IsEED 1 For ASTHMA, BRONCHITIS, NIGHT COUCH, INFLUENZA, HOARSENESS, . AND ALL LUNG TROUBLES.. SAFE AND RELIABLE. Established 70 Years. - Bee Trade Mark on Wrappers. Beware of Imitation', SOLD BY CHEMISTS EVERYWHERE. In Bottles. 1/11. 2/3. 410. and 11/.

LADIES! DR. LIDINGTON'S NEW MEDICAL DISCOVERY for married or single women is positively the safest and most successful method known for removing all Irregularities and Obieructions no matter how caused or long standing, no nan.eous pills, powders. mixtures or any other useless stomach medicine to take. Failure impossible under this treatment. Sufferers may obtain particulars free ot charge by sending stamped addressed envelope to Dr. LIDINGTON. 46 Southampton Buildings, Holborn. London.

GOLD MEDAL DIETETIC TEAS. SPECIALLY RECOMMENDED TO DYSPEPTICS, and a grett boon to any who have been denied the u_e of other teas by their Medicil Advisers. HENRY M [LUNG & CoLTD. MERCHANTS, WARRING TON.

POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON. LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the the time to which a Letter can be poste with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Halfpenn Stamp.

,Newton-le-W illows Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh. Preston Brook, Frodsham, Helsby, Daresbury, and Moore Grappenhall, Heatley Heath,' Lymm, and Thelwall ' Newchurch, Croft, PAgate, Stock- ton Heath, Stretton, Warburton, and Woolston 'or Town Delivery & Latchford lanch-st er, Macclesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, Yorkshire, North; umberland, Durham. & S.-Eas Lancashire London. Southern and S.-Western, Counties. Central South Wales and Foreign Liverpool and Leigh Manchester, part of North Wales, and t reland Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-Wesi England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Prescot, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, and Runcorn Manchester, S.-East Lancashire,' South Wales, S.-West of Eng-i , land. Yorkshire, Durham, Nor- thumberland, & Town Delivery.: ;London, S.-Eastern, Midland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid- Cheshire. Central Wales, and, Foreign Bolton Preston. North Lancashire, Wesil Cumberland London, Midland. Southern, and S.-Eastern Counties Liverpool. Southport, Ormskirk, Bath, Bristol, Exeter, Gloucester, Plymouth, and Scotland Chester, Wrex ham, Llandudno, ttl Shrewsbury • Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, 34 Sheffield 'Preston Brook, Sutton, Newton-le- Willows and Wigan iLiverpool Frodsham, Frodsham Bridge, Helsby, Widnes, Penketh, and Moore Town Delivery, Stockton Heath, & Sankey Bridges J.,vmm, Thelwall, & Heatley !efanchester & St Helens .. Orford and Hulme Liverpool and Chester , 'Grappenhall 'Preston, N.,-Bast Lancashire, West Cumberland, Wigan,Menchester, Peterborough, and East Lincoln-' shire Town Delivery 'Preston, West Cu ri,berland, Liver- pool, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, Isle of Man, /t Glasgow Night Mail Despatch. All Parts... London, Midlands, S.-Eastern & South Counties. & Foreign

EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. HEAD OFFICE ... High-st.. Newton. POSTMASTER litr.James Jordan. Hours of 1 Week-days, 7a.m. to 9'p.m. Atte nee. ,1 Sundays Ito 10 a.m. Boa closes at 5.40 p.m. The Telegraph Office is open on Week-day from. 7-30 a.m. to 8 p.m., and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST. —Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LnTrsa DELIVERY commences at Ta.m..12-30; and 3.30 p.m

LIST OF DESPVICHES. Showing the time to which a letter can be posted with Ordi- nary Postage, and with an extra half-penny stamp. MAILS,

TE ETH. TEETH. FE PITIL . IE ri oEETH. PARKINSON'S TEETH are, at the price. Lt I UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD. The '•--II ' TEETH. public, may rest assured that these state- „ ments are based on ABSOLUTE TRUTH. and perhaps the best guarantee of this to TEETH. intending patients is that J. 11. PARKIN- • t i 1., SON has one of Large 4 Dental Practices MEETH. in England, the outcome of employing i 1,. the BEST LABOUR, using the BEST TEETH. MATERIALS obtainable, and charging the LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. • 4 TEETH. Any set made, or work done by him, and not giving ABSOLUTE SATISFACTION in x every detail will be immediat-ly corrected, , TEETH. or an ENTIRE NEW SET made FREE OF CHARGE, l' TEETH. These Cbnditions insure the publes satis- s, faction and recommendation, exemplified by TEETH. 21 sets having been imerted for patients ding one year only directly and incisectly , 1 TEETH. through the voluntary persuasion and recom- mendation of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. Any I rz, ... or all of these patients' names and addressee, •I TEEM.. for reference, will be given to any would-be ' patient personally applying for them. These, , 6 T E E TH. with thousands in the past, each recom- mending their friends, speak volumes for Mr. 11 ' TEETH. Parkinson's success. His unusually large dental establishment 1 X ' " adapted for the COMFORT of Patients MUST' , TEETFI. NOT DETER ANY. ALL are WELCOME to - *'!l i -A- FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily, from 9 to 12 rrgETH. and 2to 6. ABSOLtTELY PAINLESS EXTRACTION. TEETH. Sze.. as hitherto, by the aid of his own made LIQUID NITROUS OXIDE, of which he' ' TEETH. new liquifies for sale to dentists nearly' '* e gallons weekly. Patients have, there- 4, fore. In this speciality also the benefit of his, TEETH. eloo ce xoPoerten e•-,- - TEETH. J. H. PARKINSON, , ' Dentist by Examination, TEETH. MANCHESTF,7Is, 46, MOSLEY-STREET National Telephone, No. 1660.) . LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET. ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET. EARLIESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. Mess, 2 to 5 p.m, .1 WARRING-TON ON WEDNESDAYS, 3, S.,nkey-street. (Side ent ance, first floc,-) 2 to 5 p.m. RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs. H ughes', Confectioner' if Bridge-street, from: 2 to 5. SORTHWICH, on FRIDAYS at 18, Applemarket-street, FV" 11 to 12 a.m.. and Ito 5 p.m. Al j

; MARKETS. WARRINGTON MARKET.—WRDNESDAY, Dec. 19rEt. , FRUIT, VEGETABLE, POULTRY. BUTCHERS', AND r FISHMONGERS' TABLE. . .. d 8. 11. 8. d. a... di. Beef, Eng.,ll, tts 0 sto 2 9 Melons each ... 0 6—o 8 . Lamb per lb 0 0— 0 0 Oranges. each 0 0— 0 1 Mutton „ - 0 10 (lAery ' stick 0 2 0 3 Veal „ „ 0 6 0 9 Peary 0 2 0 3 11, Purl, , „ Pork sides ~ cured 0 si-0 0 Cauliflower, ... 0 o, 0 •,1 Whole pigs„ lc 7 6-7 9 Onetviv,ers each 0 0- - 0 0 Geese „ Fow's 3:1 couple 4 6 5 6 Torn-,toes V Hs 0 R— 0 8 Chickens Ducks „ Ral,bits Hares. each t Pigeons „ Part Idge hra. ce 3 6--0 0 New potatoes,, 0 0 0 0 Grouse „ Pheasants -7 0 Green Peas if, th 0 0— 0 0 Turkey 0 10-0 0 Green 3prouts th 0 3-0 0 Butter, fresh ft, 1 2-1 3 13 -ans, kidney m 0 0— 0 0 Hen evgs 7 1 0— 0 0 Pomeg :anates...o 1— 0 0 Duck „ Apples lh Onions „ Grapes „ ' Pine Apple each 2 6 3 0 ~ good 5O 0—55 0 ' Greengages:" ii, 0 0-0 0 ~ordinar-wt 30 o—4o 0 , Cherries ~ ...... 0 0— 0 0 Lot,ster C tr; ... 1 4 0 0 , Strawberries., 0 0— 0 0 Turbot „ Damsons „ „ 0 0— 0 0 Sslmon ~ Plums „ 0 0— 0 0 Whitings ....... 0 0— 0 6 0 Gooseberries,, 0 o—o 0 Fluk,;s „ .—... 5 0 0 Raspberries „ 0 0— 0 0 Eels „ „ ' Black Currants 0 o—o 0 Soles .. „ 1 8— 0 9 Red Currants 0 0— 0 0 Sparlings: Marrows each 0 0-0 0 Codfish , Sea.kale 4r m 0 0— 0 0 Mac, erel each 0 3 —0 6 Rhuhart. bch 0 0— 0 0 'Herring 1., dozen 1 0— 0 0 i

6. What these spoiled hands are caused hy Washinz Day. lam surprised, fiet INIA.TO IMES& CL.HANSIiIt SOAP at once, I pray.

DEAVIS. I WHITEHEAD—Dee. 13th, at Beamont-street, aged 5) years Mary Whitehead. MarErß—Dec. 13th, at Walkeo-street, aged 2 yeas, Walter Mather. SMITH—Dec. 14th, at Qty Fad, agel 1 8 mciaths, John Smith. TAPTROTT —Dec. 15th, at Aliteu-street, aged 66 ;pars. Samuel Liptrott. LESLIE—Dec. 17th, at Bose and Crown-street, aged 56 ye4rat. Kate Leslie. IBENNETT—Dec. 17th, at School Brow, aged ...ej ears, Phi:ip ' Bennett. MARRIAGES. 1 • ALLEN—HARRIS—Dec. 16th, a, the Parishehurch, Warring ton, by the Rev. G. B. Thurston, Georga William Allea E 0 Louisa Harris. . HIGNETT—BAXTEH—Dee. 18th, at the Parish Church, War. , rington. by tbe Rev. A.A. Markham, William Hignett to , / Sarah Ann BaNter. Amsom—KENTort— Deo.2oth, at the Pa,.rish Church. Warring- ton, by the Rev. G. B. Thurston, ZWin Amson to Martha j Ann Kenyon. . HEYWOOD-33112,11 - Dec,2oth, at the Parish Chmih, War- rington, by the Rev. G B. Thur:.ton, Joseph Henry Hey- . wood to Martha Birch.

MEMORIAL CARDS ! Just received:4a large Stock oi LATEST PAT mulcts in MEMORIAL CARDS. Call and inspect sanspies. CARD' printed at shortest notice. Also Posters, Window BMA Handbills. Bill Heads, ,tc. Newest type and larai Machinery. .) JOHN S. k.TREEN, THE BOROUGH PRESS, 34, BRIDGE-STRIDiT, WARRINGTON. Warrington.—Printed and Published by JoHN WALICRA at The hatuniaer General Printing Works, Bewsey-sVe'!,4 and Published also at Tho Examiner Ofllia.s. WIDNAN ; High-street, Ilinvcoux ; 32, G.., ,Ig, ' ITeiens : and 33, 'Markc4,4treet. DEC" 8' " IR9I.
