===== 0002601_18940616_art0001.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
NO, 792.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
REGISTERED Fort TRANSMISSION ABROAD

; , -A 50s. WONDERFUL WATCH." tilt thoroughly reliable all HAND-MADE SILVER ENG- "xt,3l-1 PATENT LEVER WATCH, capped, jewelled, and ted h STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE, HEAVY SOLID SILT wit HALL-MARKED CASES, well finished, and sped- fit flat in the pocket. "FOR FIFTY SHILL- ., This watch is timed to a minute, and will STAND ki,„171 AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that Nir'jOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION I A Bona fide 7tOten Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch, L Watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or elass, at same price. To be obtained only from E. et'• LUSTANCEI, wwchmalrers, THE ILLUMINATED N 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. tse'iti---3Lent Post-tree to all parts of the United Kingdom on

RILL CLIFF BAPrIsT CHAPEL—SUNDAY ScHooL ANNIVERSARY. TO-MORROW, (SUNDAY), JUNE 17th, 1894. • Two SERMONS will be preached by the Rev. F. OVEREND, of Bacup. lii the Afternoon at 2-30, and Evening 6-30. ‘-'ollections on behalf of the Church. School, and Renovation Funds. The Chapel has been newly painted and furnished.

lIRUN-WICK WESLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL AN N IVERSA RY Will TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) JUNE, 17th, 1894. TWO SERMONS Preached in St. PAUL'S CHAPEL, Runcorn, By the Ite'V. W. L. WATKINSON, (of London). Mornina Service at 10-30. Evening at 6. On MONDAY Night. JUNE 18th, IN A PUBLIC MEETING will be held n Addresses on Sunday School Work will be delivered by Rev. 117, L. WATKINSON, and JOHN SIMPSoN, ESQ. Chair to betaken at 7 o'clock, by J. B. LEACH, EsQ:, .I.l', WE llayton). .-%te Hymms and Pieces will be sung; by Choir and Collections will be mace at the close of each is in aid of the School.

, WEDDING RINGS. -PURE GUINEA GOLD ft. :be valu2ap i -cARAT WEDDING Ii.Ii:GS. Labrge,s,te,iSt, 7g ea the town or district. Sold y I°Ackf-aonmd 1- Ita.lf T.., tC' 503. All glzes and shapes. including the Round and ea always Istock. A handsome present given to 1 eh - i DUrellaser. Finger size cards post free. ID A. EUSTANCR, TILE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. NB—Strictly Private Room for fitting. ESTABLISHED, 1864.

We i_ Prom Dr. B. J. BOULTON S 7, CO., HOrTICaStIC. . I)NCti"a',...4 made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne in or tiv, " tel.Y, and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- nV t'ldi Ant' ,lo i 1- spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- lechice'n v!hatever organ, and from whatever cause. It Xtly ,t,' 4 teeling of comfort and quietude not obtainable by 1511 other Sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant aR, ov'ier remedy and it seems to possess this great advan- "feete .L thatP4h2.l Itu.ssell communicated to the College of Physicians 7 received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at :4to the effect that Cholera loid been raging fearfully , . the ONLY remedy of any service was 011LORO- ektil;S„see Lancet • Ist December. 1164., r. ''WARE OF PIRACY AND IMIT- ATIONS. ,sur.,/ -P:T•----Vice Chancellor Sir W. PAM: WOOD stated that: vlith' t0L1.13 BitowNE. was, undoubtedly, the inventor ot lite.ty:'()DYNß " and that the story of the defendant. FREE- tie,N. swas deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say, aad Boldwri to.—See !Ernes. 13th Jnly, 1864. Rentii rt bottles at is. 1.1 d., 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d., None is, Utithtle Without the word; "DR. J. COLLIS 111,0 NY N1L.t..3 144 letl;°ErYNTi -on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ' er-iical testimony accompanies each b.-Atte. ~ MANUFACTUREP.S.—J. T. DAVENPORT, 33, Great ' ell' et.. Bloomsbury. London.

NOTICE TO JOINERS, CARPENTERS, PLUMURS, HOUSEHOLDERS AND OTHERS. PTIOOLS (forfeited Pledges).—FOß SALE all \ kinds of TOOLS, in large or small quantities. HUGHES BROS., Pawnbrokers, Jewellers, Clothiers, Tool Factors, and General Dealers, llg AND 120, BROWNLOW HILL, LIVERPOOL. SMALL MACHINERY AND SECOND-HAND TOOLS. BOUGHT BY HUGHES BROS., 116, BROWNLOW HILL. LIVERPOOL. Telephone 5171.

RAILWAY PASSE:\ GERS' ASSURANCE CO.

iNsuars AGAINST RAILWAY ACCIDENTS. ACCIDENTS OF ALL RINDS. EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY. CAPITAL £1 .000.000. ESTABLIARED 1849. COMPENSATION PAID £3,350,000, 64, Cornhill, London.

"W. D. MASSY, secretaries A. VIAN, AGENTS Warrington

_ Mr. W. H. RIGBEY, Central Station. .. St. Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH. Hard§haw-street. Knutsford Mr. ALFRED.." CUTTER. Sandbaeh Mr. R. FINLOW, Rdtkery Bridge.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0003.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- .

===== 0002601_18940616_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNTY OF CHESTER, TO WIT.

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the next GEN- ERAL QUARTER SESSIONS of the Peace for the COUNTY OF CHESTER will be holden at the CASTLE OF CHESTER, in and for the said county, on MoNnAY, the Sad day of July next, at half-past eleven o'clock in the Forenoon, when the Grand Jury will be empan- nelled.

The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Hundreds of Broxton, Eddisbury, Nantwich, and Wirral, forming the Chester District, and the trials of all prisoners com- mitted from such Hundreds, will take place at such sessions. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Chester District must be in attendance at the Castle of Chester, at the opening of the Court on MONDAY, the 2nd day of July next, at half-past eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. THE Court will be Adjourned to the Court House, Nether Knutsford, on WEDNFSDAY, the 4th day of July next, at eleven o'clock in the Forenoon, when another Grand Jury will be empannelled. The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Hundreds of Bucklow,Maccles- field, and Northwich, forming the Knutsford District, and the trials of all prisoners committed for the last- mentioned Hundreds will take place at such Adjourned Sessions. The Grand and Petty Juries for the Knutsford District must be in attendance at the Court House, Knutsford, at the opening of the Court on WEDNESDAY, the 4th clay of July next, at eleven o'clock in the Fore- noon.

REGINALD POTTS, Clerk of the Peace for the County of Chester. ettester, 11th June, 1894.

SATURDAY, JUNE 16, 1894.

ESTABLISHED 1361. • JAMES y AAT EBSTER. MIDDELBURG, HOLLAND. (Late of Oalais and Bculagne-Sur-Nler, France.) Bankers :—England—London and Westminster. Bank, Lon- don. Scotiano—Bank of Scotland, Glasgow. Ireland—Bank of Ireland, Dublin. Ascot Stakes. Voyal Hunt Cup. North- umberland Plate, Liverpeol Cup, St. Leger, Celetrewitch and Cambridgeshire.—Double and Treble Events. Starting Prices on all Itaee.,. No S. P. Limit on the Principal Races. Accumulative Commissions. "The' Turf Chronicle." Free on receipt of address.

Atipping gottres.

WHITE STAR LINE for NEW YORK every WEDNIODAY.

AMERICAN LINE—SOUTHAMPTON to NEW YORK, direct every SATURDAY. and LIVERPOOL

to PH iLADELPHiA. every WEDNESDAY.

GUION LINE to NEW YORK, every SATURDAY.

ADELAIDE, 'MELBOURNE and SYDNEY STEAMERS from LIVERPOOL.

INTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, BOS- TON. PHILADELPHIA. SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA,

CHINA, JAPAN, AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND, should take tickets at the LOWEST RATES at 4-ui THE JC4XAMINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON. By any of the above-mentioned or any other lines. JOHN WALKER AND CO., AGENTS.

EPPS' S

COC 0 A

PRICE ONE PENNY is. 70. par Quarter, 6s. 'd. rerAnnum, in adTtet3* . BY POST { la. lid. per Quarter, Credit.

TEETU.

TEETH.

fl EETH.

TEETH, PAIIIINSON'S TEETH are, at the price UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD. The TEETHpublic may rest assured that these state- . ments are based oa ABSOLUTE TRUTH, TEETH. and perhaps tho best guarantee of this to, intending patients is that J. H. PARKIN ::- ON has one of the Largest Dental P.actices TEETH. in England, the outcome of employing the BEST LALOUR. using the BEST r TEETH. MATERIALS obteinab!e, and charging the LOA ET POSSIBLE PRICE. EETH ,T • Any set made, or work done by him. and not giving ABSOLUTE SATISFACTION in every detail will be immediately corrected, TEEM. or an ENTIRE NEW SET mach: FREE OF CHARGE. TEETH. These conditions insure the public's satis- faction and recanimendation, exemplified by TEETH. TEETH. 21 sets having been inserted for patients during one year only directly and indirectly through the voluntary p- rsussion and recom- mendation of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. Any _... or all of these patients' names and addresses. TEETid. for reference, via be given to any would-be ' TEETH' patient personally applying for them. These, with thousands its the past, each recom- mending their friends, speak volumes for Mr. TEETH. ParkillSoll'l3 success. His unusually large dental establishment TEETH. ~aNdoaprterd)rfiol tpheAWIFORT of Patients MUST ALL are WELCOME to TEETHFREE CONSULTATIONS Daily from 9 to 12 . and 2to 6. ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS EXTRACTION. TEETH. &e., as hitherto. by the aid of his own made LIQUID NITROUS OXIDE, of which he TEETII now liqu,fies for sale to dentists, nearly ~. 10,900 gallon 3 weekly. Patients have, there- T., fore, in this speciality also the benefit of his TEETII• experience. ' TEETH. TEETH.

T. H. PARKINSON, Dentist by Exftrnination, MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET. ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET.

EARLEF•TOWN, cn TUESDAYS, at Mrs. Mees, 2 to 5 p.m. WARRINGTON', on WEDNESDAYS, 3, Sankey-street.

(Side entrance, first floor) 2 to 5 p.m.

RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs.Hughes', Confectioner.

Bridge-street, from 2 to 5. ISTORTHWICH. on FRIDAYS. at 18, Appleinarket-street, er 11 to 12 a.m., and 1 to 5 p.m. „,§EI

GOOD EVENING!

===== 0002601_18940616_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
HAVE YOU HAD A DRINK OF THE 'FAMOUS

"TEW-ITT" STOUT

T 0-D A Y ?

IF NOT, TRY It

ADDRESS :-

RICHARD F RSHAW

COLLINS GREEN BREWERY.

NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS.

MANCTIESTER

TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT.

THE Proprietors of THE M.C.D.., have always endearott -ed to give the BEST POSSIBLE' VALUE THAT CAN BE OBTAINED FOR CASH.

Transacting business on a LEVIATHAN SCALE. combined with gre,-.1 exprience of the Wcollen and Tailoring Trades..they are in a oositlon to offer altogether EXCEPTIONAL advantages to the PUBLIC.

THE SHOWROOMS at THE it • C.D., are fully stacked with an amazing variety of NEWEST GOODS for the :_••ENSON, and the Proprietors feel sure an inspection (which is cordially invited,) will afford convincing proof, that for SMA.RTLY CUT, GOOD- FITTING GARMENTS, The M.C.D. are PEE-EMINENT. & 10; HORSEMARKET STREET.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
ARRINGTON.

T II E READY-MADE DEPARTMENT contains an enormous Stock of the New- est and Most Fashionable Goods in specially selected CLOTHS, at astonishingly low prices.

GENT'S TWEED SUITS, FROM 18/6 TO 45/ TROWSRES, 6/6 TO 13/6

In all the newest patterns of Scotch, Irish, West of Hng- land, and Yorkshire Cloths. A Choice Selection of Tweed Checks, Stripes, and Fauci-ea Banuockburns, Cheviots. Saxonies, flomespuns, and the newest Twe d and Fancy NVor.qed stripe Trouserings. always in stock.

TilE -.1N1.C.1).1 endeavour to bring by careful Cut and Good Workmanship, the READY- MADE as near as possible to the Standard of MEA.S ORR ORDER GOODS.

GENT'S Black & Blue SUITS —TO 50/ COATS & VESTS, 19/6 TO 40/-- TROUSERS, 7/6 TO 18/

In Fast-Dyed Vicunas, Serges, and the latest Worsted Twills, Corkscrews, bound Real Mohair Braid.

As SiitGES will be a leading feature this Season, The M. C. D. have made a splendid and varied collection of these goods.

NOTWITHSTANDING the introduction of New Styles in JUVENILE CLOTHING the have mo hesitation in saying that for M.C. D., Boys to the age of 10 years, the Norfolk and Sailor Suits will take precedence. Special attention has been given to these two styles, and tbey are being shewn in a large and Pleasing Variety of SCOTCH anct IRISH TWEEDS, WOESTEDS,VICUNAS, J.; MMES.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
BOYS' SAILOR SUITS,

With Flannel Front, Lanyard and Whistle, Badge and extra Linen Collar, complete,

3/11 TO 18/_ BOYS' ORFOLK SUITS.

With Full or Loose Bott< m Knic!cers,

9/- TO 19/6

THE Al•C•D•45 SYSTEM of conduct- log business calanot fail to recommend itself to those desirons of contributing a share of their patronage. All Goods are marked in plain figures. Special Orders cart be executed in three days.

BOYS' RUGBY SUITS, With Loose or Full Bottom Knickers.

7/6 TO 21 / BOYS' TWEED FANCY SUITS,

In avarittv of Styles for bard -wear.

419 TO 15/-

In Worsteds, Vfeunas and Serges for best wear.

6/11 TO 21/-

BOYS' DOUBLE-BREASTED

REEFER SUITS,

With Loose or Full Bottom Knickers,

7/6 TO 2i/ _ 8 & 10, HORSEMARK ET STREET,

W.A RRI NGT ON.

STOTHERTS' HEADACHE & NEUILALUIA POWDERS.

certain cure in 10 minutes. Frnm ell Chemists. Grocers- and Co-operative Stor, 5, or direct from the Proprietor.. Polk- Free, 14 or 33 stemps. In Boxes 15. ltj.. end 25. 9d.

R. STOTIIERT AND SONS. WHOLESALE CHEMISTS. ATHERTON, MANCHESTER.

, l, e

===== 0002601_18940616_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
GRATEFUL

COMFORTING.

BREAKFAST, SUPPER.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
BOILING WATER OR 'Milli

===== 0002601_18940616_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
"CAPITAL" CHAT..

A true story has just arrived fmti India about a Bombay Parsee offering to buy thti Boa&c ia. The Parsee went on board the flagship and asked to see the Admiral. Whan the latter heard the purpose of the visit he entered into the joke, and gave orders for the would-be purchaser to be shown over the vessel. After a long inspection and a good deal of consideration, the Parsee made a firm offer for the fiagship,armament and all : but Admirable Ken- nedy said it was not nearly enough, and so the negotiations fell through.

For pure snobbery and for the worst of had taste I do not think that a notice just posted in a fash- ionable West-end church could be beaten. This arrogant proclamation intimates that those who collect the offertory have peremptory instructions not to receive coppers, and adds that. those who cannot afford threepence are welcome to worship free. The mite of the widow is not wanted, nor her presence either, unless she is willing to humiliate herself and display her poverty before the crowded congregation.

Was it not Goldsmith who wrote a certain couplet about the loud laugh that ekieaks the vacant mind? There has been strong temptation to recall this *saying in the lobby on Tuesday, where Mr. Howard 'Vincent, has been noisily handing about as a splendid joke a little green-backed tract, which lie offers as Mr. Schnadhorst's latest. On the back it is entitled " What the Liberals have done." With the exception of an inserted addendum, which says that since the work went to press Ladas had won the Derby, all the pages are blank. Herein we get a large conception of Mr. Vincent's pretty infantile wit.

That one Englishman is worth three Frenchmen, and goodness knows how many Russians and other trivialities of that kind, has long been reluctantly admitted by the envious nations of the earth. This being so, it can hardly be gratifying to tie English vegetarian societies to learn that we stand ahead of the world as flesh eaters. But the fact remains. John Bull stands first, the French come second, the Germans, Russians, Spaniards, and Italians follow- ing in succession, and the vegetarians can hardly argue that the Briton is not as good a man as the Italian. And by this Iby no means wih to depre- cate the value of vegetables.

The Opposition leaders are not, after all, so sanguine that, the dissolution is to come very speedily. Lord Randolph Churchill is to start on a tour, within the next fortnight, which is expected to last twelve months, and it is no secret that his plans have been submitted to and approved by Mr. Balour and Mr. Chamberlain. Lord Randolph him- self fully intends being back in time to take an active part in the campaign that will accompany the general election. All the same, I should not be surprised if there turns out to be some truth in the rumour that the abandonment of Lord Randolph's candidature for Bradford will shortly be announce d

When they do agree in the French Chamber their I unanimity is wonderful. On Saturday a Bill was passed withput comment for an extraordinary credit. of over a million and a half francs to be chiefly devoted to reinforcing the French posts on the Congo colonies. A wondertul country is France. Such implicit contidon,o is s” in a new, Mini:- try that it can obtain a million odd francs without cointoeui; uu fiction CL pure bluster. In a ek or two the Ministry may he defeated be- cause the house lacks confidence that it can man- age apiece ot railway admixistration. Meanwhile, the Parisians believe that they are frightening. England, and England—in that aggravating cool 'way it has—is not tha least alarmed.

It needs to he explained for the I enefit of those to whom the magic title "Senior Wrangler" is sup- posed to repreent the highest academic achieve- ment that some ten years ago the subjects previ- ously included in the Mathematical Tripos were sparated into two parts. Success in the firq of these still confers the dignity of senior wrangler, though shorn of some of itsold glory; hut the second in which examination takes place a year later, con- fers ao popular lustre, although it involves profici- ency in mathematics so mur..,11 higher than the Wranglers Tripos that few beyond those aspiring to fellowships go in for it. It is in this, known by the prosaic and unimpo.King title of " Part 'Second,' that Miss Johnson, of Newnharn, alone of all com- petitors, male or female, is placed in the first rank. —Class 1, Division 1 In the first part of the tripos of last year Miss Johnson was placed between the fifth and sixth wranglers.

There was a show at Westminster on Tnesday afternoon, held by the Royal Horticultural Society, which deserves very special notice. Really it marked a new departure in pansy culture. The panay used to be gaite the favourite flower with fanciers, but lately it has lost nearly all its popu- larity except in a few parts of the North. Nor is the reason for this far to seek. Fanciers strove alter distinctness and contrast of markings. There was to be a clearly defined margin in the pansy, equally clear blotche., and an exact eye. As in the case of many other flowers similarly cultured, it did not occur to the fanciers that these things are not floral beauties hut floral uglinesses. The old kind of pansy—and perfect it is in its mistaken way— was excellently displayed in the collection of Mr. rye, of Catterall. Garstanp, who obtained a gold medal for his exhibit. Mr. A.. 1. Rowberr:y carried all before him with the new gind, and won prize after prize presented by the London Pansy Society. This new kind is technically called the " sprayed violetta." Its shape is not rigid, and suggests no- thing of Euclid ; and its colours—never startling, but colours to linger over with delight—flow into one another most charmingly. Now at length one begins to think that there is an artistic future for the pansy. All this suggests that floriculturists, who have generally been wrong in their aims since their art began, should go through a course of in- struction on gracefulness of .shape, on harmony of hues, and on the right use of contrasts.

Plovers' eggs have all but disappeared from the market, but at one West End poultereee shop they have been replaced by guillemots' eggs, which arz certainly not a common article of food. Guille- mots. of course, being sea fowls, are themselves un- eatable. but that is no reason why their eggs should not be good. Thee eggs, which are pear-ehaped, vary greatly as to their colour. The commonest are n pretty green-blue. with splotches of ruddy brown or black, but some with the same markings are nearly white ; while white, blue or light brown eggs without Markings at all are not unusual. Guil- lemots' eggs are used for commercial purposes, such as lining wines and preparing fancy leathers.

There is every prospect that the Conference at Leeds next weelz on the subject of the House of Lords will be an interesting and animated one. I understand that the advanced Radicals in the House of Commons are likely to attendin consider- able numbers with the object of securing the adop- tion of a thorough-going programme. The following resolution is to be moved by Mr. Labouchere and supported, probably, by Mr. Philip Stanhope and others :—" That this Conference, being of opinion that the House of Lords is useless, dangerous, and ought to be abolished, demands that with thit, ob- ject in view the (4overnment should introduce dur- ing the present session a bill or resolution provid- ing that in any case when hills pasied in the House of Commons have been rejected by the House of Lords, or amendments introduced into them by the House of Lords which are not accepted by the House of Commons, it shall be in the power of the House of Commons, by simple resolution, either ni the same session or in the same Parliament. up such bills in the form in which they shall einally have left the House of Commons to the Crown for the Royal Assent ; and this Conference pledges it- self to support the Governments by all the means inherent in self-governing people.' It will he seen that this goes far beyond the simple curtailment of the veto of the Upper House, and it is likely to lead to an animated debate.

I learn that a requisition will shortly be pre- sented to the Chancellor of the Exchsquer on the part of the Radical members of the House urging him to talc, ,rep 4 to secure the more speedy progress nf the Finance Bill, and thus save the time of the session from being wasted.

_ NIOXON'S .i.11711iER.17 BOON (Unequalled for Ez-IR)YING NITS. and PARASITES hi ta HUMAN HAIR.) OF 011E.IIISTS and the PROPRIETOR, .1. L. MOXO N, 1.52. LIVEPPOOL. Cid. and le. per box. Post, Free 71 aud Is. ..Pleetbe mention thi.i paper.

LADIES' LETTER.

MY DEAREST NELLIE, I am reminded of children's =Weer dresses by eeeing a becoming and useful frock of butcher-blue linen trimmed with embroidery, in red cotton on blue linen. The skirt is set in box-pleats into an embroidered band, and the square-fronted Eton jacket has a sort of sailor collar worked to match, the full sleeves being gathered into tight embroidered cuffs' while the blouse worn beneath the jacket is of thin cream linen, box-pleated, and fastened with little gilt buttons. For little girls who are yet in the " smock " stage, the linen frocks, with squatte-cut bodices showing chemisettes beneath, are still very popular, and the prettiest are pale blue or green linen with white cambric chemisettes and full sleeves embroidered in the colour of the over-dress.

Cherry Is the most notable colour in millinery as far as straw is concerned. Tabac brown is also a favourite. Tuscan and crinoline are used in com- bination, and very few hats are entirely of one colour, both black and brown having an insertion bend of the natural Tuscan straw, or of crinoline In a cream or 4crn tint. Sometimes the crown is also of this light straw, and hats of this desoriptibn require very little trimming, and have a smart effect. Round hat shapes, both with straight and curved brims, are being worn. These are made of coarse and fancy straws, and are trimmed in many different styles; some have a wreath of violets round the crown, with a stiff bow of black satin on one side of the front, others have a butterfly bow of black lace placed immediately in the centre, with some artificial flowers and small ostrich tips standing erect at the back. Hats are an under- taking at present for amateur milliners, as they need to be very neatly finished, while the elaborate trimmings are difficult to manage; this is not the came, however, with toque-shaped hats and bon- net.; the former are trimmed symmetrically with flowers and lace wings, while large bows of very wide ribbon are placed at the back, so that they touched the hair. A hat in fine black lace with brim turned up at on' s side shows a pink pleated velvet bandeau, fastened in place by a handsome paste buckle. It is trimmed with black catrieh plumes and diamond ornar-

For afternoon and visiting toilette' there are numerous dainty fabrics in the way of grenadine, crepon, silk, muslin, and thin hopsack. These are fashioned in many pretty fussy styles—the skirts full and trimmed with frills, edged ribbon. Draped skirts have not LS yet found much favour. A simple style has the skirt raised on one or both sides to show a few inches of the underskirt, which in this way need only be faced with material of a contrast to that used for the dress. Some of the trimming should be repeated on the bodice. Bodices of a contrasting colour to the skirt will be greatly favoured, thus giving many opportunities if wearing our skirta the bodices of whioh are past renovation. Very striking costumes in tailor style, showing the open coat and vest, are made in black mak", with a Louise Seize waistcoat of pale. coloured brocaded satin, with steel or filigree metal buttons. These vests are very characteristic, and have wide pointed revere, which turn oat over the

dark coat. Ths baggue is deep, but cut in one with the vest, and is open from the waist-line, and has little peckets on either side. A costume ot this type needs a j4.bot of soft lace and a jewelled brooch to carry out the style. A capital dress is made of black mob 6, with the front of the skirt trimmed with a panel of black satin covered with butter-co!oured lace in three points, while the high bodice boasts a !rout to match. Yours lovingly,

-JENNIE.

MITCIE BETTER THAN 6TREL AND PENNYROYAL OTTEY'S UNLABELLED STRONG FAIA LE PILLS. Quiel:l7,, and Cert,:iit'y rerrvvvp RI I ol.*trum ions Arising trom tine cai I,Atrver. InvAlu,d-de 'or married women. Putt tree, under over tor lc, ami 33 stamps. teem THOMAS OTTE-Y. Chemist.. BURTON-ON-TRENT. Please mention this paper.

x ,`,... -4". '''''• ' -':-- ----, ~;-• --_" ..." '''' '!"..7:-..5.,' 7-e, z--,.-,,-.--7r: '• • dillkYili il4,' ' • ' 4,-- ju- ." 7 ' -.-111. /I :', -1-111,,,,, 1; iiipitil /1 izitt i j7/11111' 1 'ilt ,o/i/ i i 11l fil 110; pt 1 4 tiii ql% 1' 'ilk' 4111 Offillifll)o.,,,* , / { 1 t • : , 'llUtti , . ~...- - t• I

Ant'n !Th ; , t." 110 'IS *44 ' • ;•, # , - • -9124 \ar' • g. / b

„, ....., fr.. , . .:•/.x , ,;;fz.f. :,. ,-;.! ~,.,--...- ~,7') :. . ,4t4..- ... •'' - . t:litA?hl., • 5..4...1 ''. "TR' •, ,- ... :.4 : ~.; . ~ :” ,` ‘.;;I,K:. 0, 4..414.,..,.• ...', :''''''',l,), .1. -,:;::,,,,,'N IP 7 ' ••.1 I.l' t,,,,,, s • ..,'..-.', ..i,, i i1iV40,,,, !•t1 .. riv, -.'. , ~ ~ , , • ~ 40' • 0 : , • ~NT. ~:., '... W, fht,l jiir, ItitAr '4',l, : :Itt;''.11::, ''': : :1114:•11..k-c"'T;:#;:'',1:1'li.i''''''-'14—.':: .4' • ! } 'tilV-74144 '' •, • L r . 4 i =4: ftil .:, g f : I: P • At v .A ' •a 4/ '%. 1 /..,. c':'..! i,-.., r. . 4,4 I„; • ,o- - ,0•30,,,' -,' ',"(r• cl , r 1i4"!",,' 41. f, . , (1/4), Iv f 4 f 111 ' - e,:ir.- ,kii, L, ‘;,* 1'5,4,41;2., ~,,v, :-- 7...,.. - &A,te f Kt le it. ',' .4--,4,1,-„:;,- e 4. ~...., . „<„, ~,,,., fv ~...,,,,,,..,„p,.- :t. en e ~.4".0;,.4,04...:f.:. . , $," i• t 4; tot. 7..- -riAjol.,. - !:,.›- ),-1, ,o). “ii,... ,--,-. • ~....7.,: , Lir--

===== 0002601_18940616_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
• . - - , •

THE EXAMINER, SATUROAY, JUNE 16, 1894.

Would that there were more people in the world Ilk e 'Miss can Ingelow," says the " Princess." This well- known poet and novelist makes a point of giving dinners ' three times a week to twelve poor patients freshly dis- charged from the London hospitals. Miss Geselchap is not the least able of the pianists visiting London. The young lady is a native of Java, but received her musical training in Germany. She has been exceedingly successful in the United States, and having been appointed a professor at Boston is compe:led to take up her duties shortly. Mrs. Kruger, wife of the President of the South Afri- can Republic, lately experienced her first railway jour- ney, says the " Colonies and India," which she states was most enjoyable. and was greatly astonished at the smoothness with which the presidential saloon travelled. When asked if she was not afraid of an accident, the old lady said with characteristic faith that the " Al- mighty watched over his people in a train exactly as He would in bullock-wagon, so why should there be any fear ?"

It has been recorded that Miss Kate Field, the well- known American journalist and editor, doesn't like Mr. Willard. The reason given is this: It appears that Miss Field made allusion to Mr. Willard in a public speech, when she pronounced his name with the accent on the first syllable. Mr. Willard immediately wrote a note to the bright editor ef Kate Field's " Washin2ton." telling her that the b.atne should be pronounced wit!: the accent on the last syllable. Just why Miss Field should dislike Mr. Willard for this little attention to her mistake is not clear, but that is the story. -

Mdlle. Ilona Eibenschutz, the young Hungarian pianist —who recently gave a recital at Marlborough House, where she had the honour of playing a pianoforte duet with the Princess of Wales—was born at Buda Pesth in, 1872, says " Black and White." She made her first appearance in public in Vienna at five years of age, and afterwards studied for same seven years at the Conser- vatoire in the Austrian 'capital, performing from time to time in Germany, Denmark, Sweden, Norway,Russia, and other count ri es. Mdlle. Eibenschutz made hArr debut in London at the Monday Popular Concerts in January, 1891, at the age frf eighteen, and has since then been I heard at the Cry stal Palace, the London Symphony,and other well-known concerts.

Preserved Rhubarb.

Cut young and tender rhubarb into pieces about two inches long ;if young the skin is not peeled. Put the pieces into a deep dish, and sprinkle over them three- Quarters of a pound to one pound of rhubarb, one pound of fine moist sugar ; leave it for 12 hours, when a large amount of juice will be extracted. Pour all into a pre- serving pan, and let it simmer for about an hour, when the rhubarb will be unbroken ; put in candid peel or ground ginger.

THE DOUBLE LIFE;

OR, THE HAMFION MYSTERY.

By the Author of " DARKWOOD."

CHAPTER Xvlr., THE MEETING. With wild surprise, eis if to marble struck devoid of sense, A stupid moment motionless she stood. THOMSON.

Girâlda was filled with an innocent delight at the I rospect of so soon beholding her mother, as she fully believed she should behold her, upon the boards of the theatre. She was filled with loving impatience to introduce to her her new protector, whose brilliant promises had filled her own heart with gladness. She longed to see her playing a part to an enthusiastic audience. She exulted al- ready in the thought of her mother's professional triumphs. "Dear, dearest mamma!" she thought, as she attired herself in her own room for the evening. "How surprised she will be to see me! How delighted she will be when I tell her all his lord- ship has promised me! I am almost too happy! And then to nsake my joy quite complete, I am to sec this splendidly beautiful Lady Beatrice Hamp- ton! How much I have beard of her lately. I read in the paper of her beauty, her coldness, her admirers, and her jewels. I heard at Trevelyan Park that she had been the betrothed wife of that poor Mr. Geoffrey Trevelyan. And now she is en- gaged to Mr. Geoffrey's enemy, that unpleasant- looking Lord Adlowe. I wonder if she is as heart- less as people say? I know one thing—Lord Tre- velyan would never speak wtth such enthusiasm of the beauty of the Lady Beatrice if he had seen my mother. Ah ! who is so beautiful as she?" • Her lovely young face glowed with unselfish ad- miration as she recalled the face that represented in her eyes the highest type of beauty and loveli- ness.

Her toilet progressed swiftly, although her little maid was a hindrance rather than a nelp. It re- quired little time or thought to select from a ward- robe so limited as hers. Her black silk dress, with its abundance of pretty little ruffles, was don- ned, and her tiny clustering tresses clung in dusky ripples close to her small and classic heo.d. A narrow white ribbon was wreathed amid her curls, and gathered in an elaborate little bow above her forehead.

Thus attired, she descended to the little private parlour, where Lord Trevelya'n, his lame foot on the polished fender, awaited her coming. He turned and looked at her, at first with an ex- pression of surprise at the severe simplicity of her costume, and then his grand and massive features beamed with an approving and admiring smile. Grim as his nature had grown to be, he could not look coldly upon the vision of fairy loveliness before him. _ _

Blushing and glowing, with her wide, sunny eyes uplifted, that he might look full into their splendours, which fairly rivalled those of purple, tropic skies, a smile on her scarlet lips, a world of innocent witchery in her glances—what wonder was it that the old marquis's face softened into an expression of actual tenderness, and that he looked upon the graceful little creature with a pride and yearning fondness that almost startled himself. "How strangely I feel drawn toward you, my child," he said, rising as she came nearer, and lay-. Lag his large white hand upon her little dark head. " I feel towards you as I once thought I should feel towards Geoffrey's children. You look strangely familiar to me to-night, Giralda, in your bright gayety. As the villagers said, you bear a strong resemblance to the Trevelyans. Can it be that we are of the same blood, and remotely connected ? Your mother is an Englishwoman. I !lust talk with her on the subject. It would give me great pleasure to find that it is instinct which so strangely draws me towards you, my child." "I wish it might prove so," replied Giralda, istrnestly, showing, unconsciously to herself, with what filial warmth of feeling she had begun to regard the lonely and eccentric old nobleman. Lord Trevelyan smiled and crossed the floor to a sofa, upon which lay a little parcel, which he hastened to unfold. "I thought, from the fact that your luggage consisted only of a travelling bag, that your wardrobe, could not be very complete," he said, kindly. "If lam to be your grandfather, Giralda, I must have a grandfather's privileges. This will brighten up your Quaker toilet to- night." As he concluded he flung over her shoulders an exquisite opera cloak of dainty white cashmere, enriched with the finest French embroidery. A hood was attached to the garment, completing its useful qualities. "I went out and purchased the wrap while you were dressing," remarked hie lordship. "This will give effect to your costume." He drew from his pocket a tiny velvet casket, which, on being opened, displayed a brooch of costly pearls. "I noticed that you did not wear ear-rings," he said, placing his gift in her hands. "Put it on, Giralda. The Lady Beatrice Hampton will weirder who you are, and I should like you to make a good impression on her. Of course you cannot rival her ladysh p in magnificence ot jew- els or attire, but your youth and sparkling love- liness will make you a formidable rival to her, if I mistake not." • Giralda murmured her thanks for the gifts, and hastened to fasten her narrow lace collar with the shimmering brooch, whose milky whittneas and rare lustre told to her experienced eyes its great value. • She had scarcely accomplished the task when Wigby announced that the carriage was in wait- int iving his arm to his young charge with a courtly air, Lord Trevelyan led her down to the vehicle, masted her to enter it, and they drove rapidly towards the theatre. "It was a providence that sent yor to me, Gir- sada " said the marquis, in a tone of deep content, as he looked at the lovely little figure sitting op- posite to him. "My life has gained what it needed —an object of tender interest. I love you already, and I know that, grins and cynical as I am, and hard and miserly as I am reported, you love me in return. There is no guile in you, my child. People have said that my soul was but a dry end barren desert, but you have found an overflowing spring in it. A week ago I would not have be- lieved myself capable of my present feelings. I have discovered that there is no one with a heart utterly dead to human passions and hopes. I am Impatient to see your parents, that I may claim you as my granddaughter." "I hope we shall see mamma to-night said Gir- alda, beginning to tremble with anticipation. "Oh, my lord, she is as beautiful as a dream, as loving and tender as an angel lam impatient for you to see her." This impatience began to mingle with a strange foreboding as the carriage halted before the box entrance of the theatre. Looking down on her face as she clung to his arm, after alighting from the vehicle, the marquis noticed how suddenly pale she had grown. "Courage, my child," he said, in an undertone, fancying that he could hear the violent beating of her heart. "Your mamma will not be displeased at your coming. My age renders me a safe pro- tector for you. Think of the joyous surprise that awaits her." He conducted his young charge to their pi irate box, and seated her so that she could command an excellent view of the entire house, as well as the stage. fie drew his own seat close beside her, and began to indicate to her the various sights worthy her observation. The curtain had not yet been drawn up, but the house was filled. It was a marvellous sight that spread before the country-bred eyes of Giralda. She had never before been in any place of public assemblage excepting a church. She was surprised, almost bewildered, at the faces and sights that met her gaze, but her surprise was not apparent in her manner. "That box opposite," said Lord Trevelyan, "is the royal box. Perhaps you will have the pleasure of seeing some of the younger members of the royal family here to-night. The one immediately oppo- site us is the Hampton box. As you see, both boxes are empty. The boxes on this side are all filled. The parquet is full of the aristocracy. That is the pit behind the parquet, and the soberly dressed people Av It o occupy it are what is called the bone' and.' sinew 'of the country. They are the workers, who have come here for relaxation. The occupants of the parquet are the idlers, for the most part, who come here for display." • Giralda looked earnestly at the two classes indi- cated. The parquet chairs were filled with gayly dressed people, upon whose persons jewels flashed and elegant costumes were displayed. Yet even her young eyes detected among the many faces in the aristocratic rows some that exhibited marked ability and character.

" lhose are tile faces of men anti women wilco have risen from the ranit," said the marquis. "There is nothing like work to dignify a man. That noble-looking man in the first row, with the keen eyes, is a successful and famous engineer. That man in the corner chair is a celebrated pub- lisher. Behind him sits an author. These ener-

getic, successful men who have made their fortunes with their own hands, who have carved out their present positions by the exercise of their own abilities—these are the true aristocracy of the earth, Giralda. A man whether rich or poor, if without object or aim in life, is not worthy of respect. You will see many faces in all parts of the house, my child, worth studying. There's a. young fellow near the pit door. See what a study look he has. He is a worker and will boa sue- ___

cessful one some day. Contrast him with that dandy fop over there in the dress-circle!" Before Girald,a could reply the curtain rose and the first act began. The maiden looked at the stage in sudden diaap-

pointment. She is not there, my lord 1" she whispered. .91 • fhe marquis glanced at his play-bill. " Then we have mistaken the theatre," he an-

swered. ‘. The leading fenale characters appear in the first scene in this play. Never mind, my child. We will discover your mother to-morrow, if we have to call at every theatre in town. Don't forget the pleasure you have still in store—that of seeing the Lady Beatrice Hampton I" Giralda resolutely repressed her grief, and de- voted her attention to the stage, unconscious of the many eyes and glasses directed towards her. But her protector was not so unconscious of the admiration she excited. His heart beamed with an exultant pride, as he regarded now and then her spirituelle face, so exquisitely beautiful in its fea- tures and contour, and with the wild-rose bloom glowing and fading in her cheeks, and her great eyes glowing with a happy excitement. They were a handsome couple—she so fair and dainty and pure, he so grand and colossal, with his grizzled hair flung back from his leonine browa,,i and his firm, wide mouth wreathed in a smile made up half of cynicism and half of pleasure. There were many present who knew him, but not one among all his acquaintances there had ever seen a look of such kindliness upon his face since the night that had wrecked his faith in his former idol, Geoffrey Trevelyan. At the end of the first act there was a stir aad flutter in the Hampton box. "The Lady Beatrice is coming," said the mar- quis, glancing in that direction. "Look, Giralda I You will now see the greatest beauty in England— the most heartless woman in the world! Geoffrey Trevelyan worshipped her. Lord Adlowe has placed himself under her Juggernaut car. She has more admirers than any ten women in Great Britain."

Giralda followed his lordship's glances in eager, girlish curiosity. She saw entering the box, or rather advancing to its front, an elderly gentleman of stately pree- ence, with courtly features, to which clung aa expression of melancholy. "Lord Hampton—the father of the Lady Beat- rice," whispered the marquis. Lord Hampton took his seat in a corner of the box, in the shadow of the lace curtains. The next moment Lord Adlowe appeared in view. He was in full evening dress' and was as full of airs and graces as a courtier. He placed a seat for the Lady Beatrice in the front of the box, and took his place beside her. Giralda saw at first only a glorious vision of a stately woman' robed in maize-colored moire—a Cleop*tra-like being with statue-like mien and queenly presence' about whom floated folds and flounces of misty lace, and upon whose neck and arms shone and gleamed and sparkled a perfect forest of brilliant gems. "Is she not magnificent! Is she not a perfect empress ?" whispered Lord Trevelyan. Did you ever see a woman so beautiful?" A mist seemed to gather before Giralda's eyes. When she had brushed it away, and turned her gaze towards the Hampton box, the earl's daughter had settled in her seat and was trifling with her lorgnette while she listened to some whispering words of Lord Adlowe, who was apparently direct- ing her attention to the proteg6e of his uncle. The Lady Beatrice smiled, lifted her opera-glass, and swept a glance at the opposite box. It was a wild and startled face her gaze enconnte.red—a young and lovely face that was blanchod to the line of death—a face full of aa awful terror and anguish! The eyes of the two met fully. They recognised each other in that one wild glance. Giralda uttered no sound—not a word. Only her wild look deepened, and her pallor, if that were possible, increased. With the impulse of a wounded deer, to conoeal herself she drew back behind the curtains.

At the same moment the lorgnette of the Lady Beatrice dropped from her hands, and she sank back fainting into unconsciousness. The shock of meeting her missing daughter there—under the protection of her husband's deadliest enemy—overcame even her self-possession and control. Lord Adlowe alone had marked the cause of her ladyship's sudden illness. • He also had seen that wild look of recognition that had been interchanged between the Lady Beatrice and the young secretary of Lord Tre- velyan.

He stored away the remembrance in his scheming brain for future use. The Lady Beatrice had scarcely fainted when, with real concern, he hastened to assist in her recovery. "It's the heat," said the earl, assisting him to chafe her ladyship a hands. " 1 ne% et' new Beatrice to faint before. She cannot be well—" " The heat was too much for her," declared Ad- lowe, detaching a tiny gold vinaigrett e from the lady's chatelaine, and holding it to her nostrils. The house is crowded. I feel faint in 3 Lord Hampton drew his daughter's chair to the rear of the box Out of the gaze of the multitude, anti devoted himself with agonised tenderness to her restoration. In a few moments his exertions were rewarded WI he desired. His Staughter opened her eyes with a wild and frightened expression. " Do you feel better now, Beatrice r asked her father, tenderly. . " Yes. It was only a sudden faintness," an- swered her ladyship, feebly, drawing her hanc-from Adlowe's clasp. " I have not been well for a week, ' as you know, papa. I am sorry to spoil your pleasure, but I really must go home." " Take my arm, Lady Beatrice," said Lord Ad- lowe, offering the member. " We shall find a cals near the entrance, SO there will be no delay." The earl's daughter arose, and laid her hand lightly on his lordship's arm. • "Trust in me," whispered Adlowe, bending his head down to her. "I would not betray you for the worht I 'lnc cut- d LilA• bli.kft;C: Lt:e eih Übe 4JI • your fainting." The Lady Beatrice glanced into Adlowe's mean- ing face.' She shuildere,i involuntarily, awl diew her wrappings around her as if she felt suddenly cold. "Let us go ntonce, Beatrice," said her father. "I am anxious atout yen." They hastened their departure from the theatre. " Quite a little scene," observed Lord Trevel- yan, when the trio had disappeared from his view, he having watched them so eloely as to forget until now the very exiettnee of his young companion. " What could have made her lady- ship faint away? I didn't suppose it was possible for her to faint—she seems so above all weak- ness af every sort. Well, Girahla, what did you think of her ? Were you not astouished ?" He turned his glance on his young prottg4e. It was a very white little face that looked back at him—a wan little face, without bloom or bright- ness. "Oh, please, my lord," whispered the young girl in agitation, let Ls go away from here ! I don't want to see the play Please take me back to the hotel ! " His lordship looked surprised. "Are you so disappointed at not seeing your mother ?" he asked. " Or are you ill in sympathy with the Lady Beatrice? Her fainting has fright- ened you ?" Giralda did not answer, save by her pleading eyes. • "We will go," said Lord Trevelyan, "If you were not a little country-bred girl, yon would not be so easily alarmed. Come, my child." He gave her his arm, and escorted her from the theatre. A cab was found at the entrance, and the two drove directly to their hotel. • "You are tired," said the marquis, as they ascended the stairs to their sitting-room. " should have known better than to take you to a theatre this evening, after our journey to London. You had better go to bed at once, Giralda. I want to see a bright and blooming lace in the morning. Why. ill take von as you are to vuur msnana,

she will reiuse my request_at.the outset, ana believe me an old ogre a thousand times worse than f am described." _ _

He drew her into the sitting-room and pressed upon her cold forehead a fatherly kiss. He thought at first th -•,t she shrank from his caress—his touch —but he dkuissed the idea when, after a moment of indecision, she flung her a7ms around his neck and kissed him with -thildish fervour. _ _ _

"I will go up to my room now, my lord," she said, in a low, tremulous voice. "I will try and be myself to-morrow." "You love me, d(pn't you, my child ? " asked his lordship, holding her littlu fluttering hand. "You do begin to return the alLction I have already bestowed upon you ? " "Yes, yes, my lord. Ido love you. Good night" She Blipped frpm his embrace and went up Imp her room. _ _

A few minutes later she stole down again, her white cloak changed for a thicker wrapping, her face hidden by a veil, and descended into the street.

(To be continued/.

MR. SPURGEON'S GARDENER.

Speaking of the great preacher,a former gardener of his says : •` Mr. Spurgeon was one of the most genial and ' pleasant of mem. Although known all over the world,he never pat on any of the airs of a great man. He was on a level with the people in sympathy and feeling, which helped to give him his vast influen cc for good. He would often come into the garden and talk to me about the flowers, especially asking if I understood their Latin names. He was an excellent Lltin scholar, and one had to call up all his wits to discuss the subject with him.' Branching off on a topic more personal to himself, the gardener (Mr. James Fuller) continuud : "My calling ought to he, and is, a healthy one, but no man can ever tell when and why illness may come. Up to February, 1888, I was strong and well. Then I found my appetite failing Ills, and my tongue looked like a piece of brown , leather. What little I ate gave ma pain in my chest and eidea,and I had also diarrtucea with severe griping pains. My hands and feet were cold and clammy ; indeed I felt cold all over my body. " About a week later I had an attack of rheumatic fev(-r. At first this took me in the hips and shoulders and then spread to every joint, and I went to bed and sent for a doctor. For weeks I was in great agony and helpless as a baby, not able to move hand or foot. Out- ward applications gave but little relief. I was harrassed by a dry hacking cough, with much retching and strain- ing to raise the phlegm. I was in this state for over two months, during which time four doctors prescribed for me, but nothing did me any real good. _ _

'One of these physicians, after sounding me, said " Fuller, your ailment is the first stage of consumption."

He was mistaken, however. "Some time later I went to the Great Homer Street Hospital, where I received every attention, and several th,ctors took great interest in my case. My stomach was so weak that for some time I was put on starvation diet. After a while I left the hospital, the doctors say- ing they had done all they could for me. In a weak, emaciated condition I returned home. After a few days' rest, I went to Freckniliam, near Newmarket, to see if my native air would help me. Arriving there I became so had I could barely walk, my cough and the spitting all the time getting worse and my breathing short and hurried.

"Despondent and feeble enough by now, I went:to Bury St. Edmunds, and consulted a celebrated specia- list, who gave me medicines, but held out no hope of my recovery. _ _ _

" Time ran along until June, 1888, when I heard some of my Freekenharn friends speak so highly of Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup that I determined to try it. In four days I found relief. My appetite returned,

food agreed with me, and I gained strength fast. My cough and the other troublesome.symptoms soon left me. t 'ken the syrup for a few weeks, I was able to return to Norwood and go to work. One old friend who called to see me was astonished, and said to my wife, Well, well ; I should not have been surprised to hear that your husband was dead.' Thirteen years ago came to Norwood as gardener to the late Rev. C. H.; Spurgeon, and lived at the lodge, Westwood House. I tell everyone that I am indebted for my life to Seigel's

Syrup." Mr. Fuller's present address is 42,Queen's road, Crown Hill, Upper Norwood, near London. On this short, clear statement only little comment is called for. In the first place it must be distinctly wider-

stood that Mr. Fuller did not have consumption or any

other organic lung affection whatever. The symptoms which looked that Way arose from the stomach, and from nothing else. The cough was as• stomach cough" and the short breath was asthma,resulting from a poison in the blood acting upon the nerves which control the lungs. When Mother's Seigel's Curative Syrup had set the digesting machinery in order, and expelled the im- purities from the blood, the alarming portents disap- peared as a matter of course. The point is this : give yourself up to die of consumption until you abso- lutely know you have consumption. The chances are a hundred to one that you have what Mr. Fuller had,indi- geEtion and dyspepsia, which can imitate and counter- feit almost any disease under the sun. •

Cl t( = 11

===== 0002601_18940616_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
.Fly Cages.

Take a square of tissue paper (about 12 inches), fold It across from point to point, to form a triangle, fold again the same way three times more, which will form a V. Then commence to cut across within a± of an, inch of the other side, turn and cut the same may, leaving about a±of an inch between each cutting, turn al-out till the top is reached, cut off the ends, open carefully. Shake out very gently. take up opposite loops across, and tie with a bit of thread. making a loop to hang by. They look very nice made aotible of different colours, putting one inside the other when finished.

Artificial Silk. A company has recehtly been formed in Bradford for the purpose of manufacturing artificial silk, according to the methods of Dr. F. Lehner. The new material ii anufa,:ttured from an emulsion si:nilar to collodion, made from vegetable pulp. The artificial silk takes 11 shades of dyes exactly the same as pure silk, and al- -though not quite so strong as the best pure silk (rela- tively 4to 6). it is strong enough for the process of weaving. The brilliancy And adaptability for all pur- poses where silk is required and its cheapness (about half the price of the genuine article) will, it is thought, bring the new invention to the front. Bradford will be the centre of the new manufacture.

Diphtheria. Is it contagious? Undoubtedly. We know that it is contagious, although we are not acquainted with the exact mode in which the contagion operates. The infec- tious matter is not capable of any wide diffusion through the air, hut clings in the-most persistent manner to par- ticular places, houses, and even rooms. There is very little doubt that it can be inoculated. M. Valleix, a well known and esteemed French surgeon and writer, was in attendance upon a little girl suffering from diphtheritic sore throat. Under energetic treatment she recovered. One day, however, while M. Valleix was inspecting her throat he received into his mouth a small quantity of saliva driven out of that of the patient in the act of ' coughing. Next day a little exudation appeared on one of his tonsils. The other tonsil and the adjacent parts became speedily covered with false membrane,a, profuse discharge took place from the nostrils, delirium super- vened, and in forty-eight hours M. Valleix was dead. In ancther case of diphtheria the medical man in attend- ance found it necessary to open the windpipe t) relieve the breathing. There was some obstruction from the accumulation of blood, when the operator, to save the patient's life, applied his mouth- to the wound in the neck, and sucked the fluid out. In forty-eight hours he died from symptoms identical with those from which M. Valleix suffered. There is very little doubt that diph- theria is often produced by drinking infected milk. The medical officer of the Local Government Board in his report on diphtheria for the year 1888-9 says :—" Dis- semination of diphtheria by milk is now in this country so generally accepted and has, moveover, unhappily been so often demonstrated that the fact of such dis- semination of the disease netds not to be insisted on."— " The Family Physician."

===== 0002601_18940616_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PLNTTS MILLIONS.

RIVAL CLAIMANTS AT BRADFORD.

George Platts, an employee of the Midland Railway Company at Derby, some time ago saw a paragraph in the Derby Express" which ran :—" Windfall to a Birkenhead Fatnilv.—A Bitkenhead family of the name of Platt: has just fallen into an enermous fortune of £4,000.000, left by a relative who recently died in America." He and his hiends made inquiries into the windfall, and found that they were the family of Plat's immediately connected with the wealthy relative In America. They are endeavaatring to establish their claim to the enormous fortune. George Platts and his rela- tives, it is understood, base their claim to the fortune on the ground that their grandfather, who died at Birken- head, and whose son died at SaratnEta, Springs, New York, was brother to the four times millionaire. Just in the same way that Georg'? Platts became aware of his relative having died wealthy, an old Derby family of Platts, now residing in Bradford, saw in the " Bradford Argus" a paragraph referring to the Derby windfall. They met and decided to investigate whether the mil- lionaire referred to was their grandfather, who early in life, they understood, left Derby for the States, where he amassed considerable wealth as a builder in the pahniesr days, which they always understood had been much in- creased by large contracting works in -Australia, and ' again subsequently in America. Their rich relative, who at one time was a mason, had been the cause of much speculation, and when they heard of the expected D-rby windfall they were cc the gni rive. The leader. Henry Platts, now a draper, visited Derby, and ',brained all certificates going to show that their father and mother were born at Brampton. and christened at the Old Crooked Spire, where the grandfather of the Derby claimant, George, was also. Now the Bradford Platts come forward and contend that they are able to prove that they are the direct descendants of the millionaire, and that they will establish their claim to the millions without loss of time in unrefutable manner. They are now taking the necessary steps, and their solictor.throngh the American Consul in Bradford, is lodging the claim. The solicitor and the family, the latter all of the working lass, are maintaining a quiet confidence in their ability .o prove their rights.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
"WELL PLAYED, HOMOCEA."

A friend writing a personal letter conclud es with the .oilowin: " This is from one of my small school boys after deserihing all his walks and runs on S aturday last My hocks (or whatever they call the back of the knees), cot stiffer and stiffer, and when I was getting into hed I found I could hardly move, and so I managed feebly to reach the place where the Hornocea lives, and nut some on my leg, and to-day it is perfectly well, Well played, Homocea r " FIONIOCEA v. BRUISES.

Mr. Thomas Lydiatt, of the Liverpool Evange!isa.tion Society, residing at Clifton Terrace,. Birkenhead, sava his son got a severe blow just over the eye with a cricket ball, causing muck swelling. and discolouration. He tod it at once rubbed well with Homocea afterward apply- ing it as a plaster. This was at night. Next moraing the swellint, was greatly reduced, and by the evening there was hardly a sign of the bruise. INFLAMED FOOT AND ANKLE. NORTIDIA RSTON ICA RAGE, BUCSS.

51r,—Your " " has cured an inflame(' foot of mine, which cauQed me great pain and altoost I,lP,ed toe for a while. It has since e.ornpletelv relieved a friend': ankle, owir,, to which, till he tried your Ointment, lie walked with extreme difficulty. Yours since7ely, S. B. JAmEs, D.D.

T,ORD COMBER:AEU: says Homocsk did him more coed than any embrocation he had ever used for rheu- matism.

LOIII) CARRICK writes " I wish to testify to the !,.,00d hand of God my Father upon me. in b!essing your " Ilomorea. " in healing me et bleeding piles."

Remember that " 110110CE1 INSTANTLY TOUCHES THE SPOT.'

S)!..i in the neiekb,,urhood by J. IL YOUNG. SANKEY- STREET, WANILINOT•IN ; by the executorst of the late ISAAC SPEAKMAN, BRIDGE-STREET PHARMACY. RUN- CORN ; and by E, BOOTH, 5, OUSTER BRIDGE, CREWE. (4)

===== 0002601_18940616_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
MRS. GLA.DSTONE AS A PIJILAN-

TH ROPIST.

Mrs. Gladstone's well-known Convalescent Home at Woodford had its origin ni.4h thirty years ago. At that time such institutions were almost unknown. One at Walton-on-Thames, with branches for children at Mit- cham and Hendon, had been established in 1840 ; but what were these for the needs cf the London hospitals ? Mrs. Glad,tone, therefore, assisted by Miss Catherine Marsh, proceeded to found a new establishment. Its origin was, as the lade herself has declared, in the cholera epidemic of HIM. Mrs. Gladstone was then viiming the wards of the Lond.n Hospital.and there met Dr. (afterwards Sir Andrew) Clark as the senior physi- cian of the hospital. She was, says the "Quiver," much struck by his great ability and his great tenderness for the sick ; and when she determined to found the Wood- bird Home. Dr. Clark rendered her invaluable assistance. He gave much time and attention to the scheme, and prepared the rules for its management, which have been in force ever since. The meeting with Dr. Clark at the London Hospital ripened into a great friendship,land the doct,r became the highly valued triend and physician of Mr.and Mrs. Gladstone. That lady's Convalescent Home is, and has been for the service of the p,or, more parti- cularly of East London ; and convalescents from their own home:, as well as from hospialt, are received free ,1 cost. It is, of course, quite unsectarian ; and there are, Moreover, no privileged tickets. The cases of ad misition are determined each on its own merits. The expenditure amounts to about £1.200 to £1,300 per annum, while the patients admitted number nearly a thousand in the year. Since then the numbers of Con- valescent Homes have largely increased. Their benefi- cence must tie very great. Not only do tin y relieve tbe pressnre on the hospitals themselves, but they aff rd means whereby, for a small fee, or gratuitously,the vic- tory over disease may be decisively won ; and as Mrs. filadstom's Home was one of the earliest,that lady may be regarded as one of the pioneers in . the movement of founding these important institutions.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
AN OLD SPORTING GAME.

At St. Helens Police Court, on Monday, before Mr.W. J. Thompson, Mr. C. Sharpies, and Mr. B. B. Glover, a rough-looking middle-aged man named James Egan, of Newcastle-on-Tyne,. WaA char4ed uneer the Vagrancy Act, with playing a game of chance called " Aunt Sally." Police-constable Patterson said that on Saturday after- noon hp saw Egan on the fair ground at Traverse-st. Fie waa playing a game of chance, and making bets of. 2 and 3to 1. witness explained to the magistrates how the game was played. Egan got a small can, in which he placed some clay. A small piece of stick was put upright, in the clay, and on the top there was a button. The person who played it took a piece of wire,and stand- ing tour feet away tried to knock the button ofr so as to make it fall on the opposite side. It was impossible to do that unless the stick was in a leaning position. Wit- ness watched two men make bets and play the game.— Prisoner said 111 £:31119 was a similar one, only on a smaller scale, as the one played for cigars. In the latter they could not see the object a-, which thry were throw- ing, because it was covered with wool. It was one of the sporting things which were regularly played at race meetings.—The Chairman said they would let Egan (di that time, but they a.dvisrd him not to be caught at it .aeain.—Prisoner : IC iS one of the oldest sports there is. —The Chairman : It,seems to be two in your favour to one against you. (Laughter.) Prisoner WaB then dis- charged.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOW THIS TO SOME WOMAN

I will sPnd a valuable. instructivP. and high 5; intere sting book which every woman wenld b gla 1 to hare. Contains important and confidential advice and tells both married and single how to keep healthy and avoid th 4 snxieties so dlstressirw to the sex. Sent free, securely sealed, for one stamp to cover postage. .ATIMF.SS : Professor E. LA. SALLE, 17, Euttiollme Terra-_!e. Paddington, London, VT.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
saIMIMmiEIIEM

INDUSTRIES THAT ROB THE DOCTOR.

WORKERS WHO ARE RARELY ILL.

If special diseases are identified with many industries, there is a set-cif to this in the fact that those who follow particular occupations are thereby rendered disease- proof. Awt 11-known writer has often told us that dur- ing a certain terrible epidemic of cholera in London not one tobacconist was numbered among the victims. A parallsl faet was given to the writer the other day by a tobaccaii a luf icturer. "It's a very remarkable thing," said he, "out none of my hands have been down with the influenza. It has raged all round us five or six times, but we have every one escaped unscathed." Equally fortunate, probably, have been salt and chemical workers. The former class seem to become so impreg- nated with the saline vapour which floats around them that they can defy disease. They cannot, apparently, catch cold even. At Droitwich, in the depth of winter, the writer has seen scantily-clad hands come straight from the pan and, without putting on scarf or coat, sit down in the open air for some time. To most people • this infringement of the elementary laws of hygiene would be punished by this ; but they take no harm what- ever. The Cheahire salt-workers, who are likewise pickled, so to speak, are also rarely ill, many of them lying to a good round age. Chemical labourers are ac- cording to a writer in " Cassell's Saturday Journal," never attacked by any infectious disease, nor are they often troubled with those little ailments which prevent • ,so many of us from realising Pepe's ideal of "all the joys of sense'—" health, peace, and competence." Agan, you often see mothers taking their children to • chemical works, in order that the little ones may breathe • the pungent fumes which arise from freshly-drawn salt cake. According to popular belief, those fumes are - " good " for quite a number of infantile disorders. They are disagreeable ersough for anything. In the same way, gas-works are visited by women whose children are , sufferiae. frons whooping-cough, a cure for which is in- haling the smoke that rises from hot tar or pitch. More • unpleasant still is an industrial remedy for rheumatism, of which the writer was told by a sailor. Those who work among guano, when racked with rheumatism, . Plunge the member affected into that product, allowing it to remain covered for some time, and are invariably, relieved and generally cured thereby. Talking of rheu- matism, by the way, in some towns there is a great demand for one of the residual products of resin refining. It is a liquid which apparently contains a large propor- tion of turpentine, and at the works it is given away to • anybody who applies for it, and brings his own bottle. Most remarkable of all, however, is an industry which has a highly beneficial effect on consumption—that of Imp-black making, to wit. The men who feed the fires which consume the waste oils from which this article of commerce is made work in a smoke-laden atmosphere, and hence inhale some of the carbon or lamp-black, . which is said to afford great relief to the lungs. Many consumptives, in fact, apply for work at lamp-black and . ink factories. If a man could only earn his bread at an industry suitable for his physical weak point, his life might often be lengthened materially.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
RUItiCORN COUNTY COURT.

TUESDAY.—Before His Honour Judge Wynne Ffoulkes. - FARMERS' SQUABBLE AT KINGSLEY.—This -was an action brought by John Jones, team owner of Kingsley, . against Edwin Alderman, farmer and coal dealer of the same locality, for £5O damages as compensation for injuries sustained through being, as plaintiff alleged, assaulted by the defendant on the 2nd March.—Mr. W. H. Churton, (Chester) appeared for plaintiff, and Mr. Fowler (from the office of H. Davies and Co., Warring- ton) represented defendant. The plaintiff's case was that the defendant was the tenant of a field at Kingsley, and a man named Oultram, a shoemaker, el Kinsgley, believing that he was entitled to take possession of this field on the Ist of March last, employed the plaintiff to plough it. On the following day Oultram took the plaintiff to the field, and Jones, who had no concern with the differences of Oultram and the defendant, commenced to plough the field as requested. They had ben in the field about ten minutes when the defendant, accompanied by his two sons appeared on the scene with a shovel in his hands, and proceeded to stop Jones from. during his work. Tne plaintiff did not attempt to con- inue after this interference of toe defendant, but. Oultram, requested the defendant to leave the field This Alderman refused to do, and his wife and another person then came up. An altercation ensued, and at the terinin ition of the row the defendant, as he left the field, called out to Jones, " I'll murder you, if it is thirty or fifty years to come." Alderman was in a state of great excitement, and Jones, accompanied by Oultram, pro- cee:fed to the stable, where they were followed by the defendant, his wife, two sons, and three girls, armed with shovels, potato forks, and sticks. They commenced an attack on Oultram and the plaintiff with those weapons. The latter was standing at the stable door, and, seeing Oultram (who is an old man) being mal- treated, asked the defendants and the other assailauts te desist. Upon this Alderman took up a shovel, with which he struck the plaintiff a violent blow on the head, knocking him down, defendant repeating the blow as plaintiff was falling to the ground. Defendant then left, accompanied by the others. As a result of the injuries plaintiff suffered considerably, and was unable to follow his emploTment for six weeks. Summonses were origin- ally issued for criminal proceedings, but were subse- quently withdrawn.—The defendant gave a denial to the statement of the plaintiff and his witnesses, and made a counter-claim for £5O for personal injuries. He alleged that he was roughly assaulted by Oultram and plaintiff. The latter, he said, struck him on the head with a potato fork, inflicting serious wounds, which necessitated medi- cal treat Ment. A large number of witnesses were called on both sides, and the case lasted all day.—His Honour gave judgment for the plaintiff for £l9 and costs, and judgment for Jones on the counter-claim with costs.

REMARKABLE SCENE AT A LABOUR MEETING.

An extraordinary scene triok pace at Witton Park, Blaelcburn,on Saturday. Nearly 20,000 workers attended a labour demonstration, and there was sp‘aking from four platforms. An attempt was made to from the platform on which Lady Mike was seated, and so great was the uproar that she was guarded to a carriage and driven friLin the park. Several free fleas followed, but the disturbance was ultimately quelled by the police. It is stated that the attack was premeditated, and that it was organised by the Conservative trade unionists, who strongly objected to the resolution against the con- tracting-out clause. On the °tiler hand, thessr men declare that they made no attack on the platform, and had no desire to cause Lady Dilke alarm. They were indignant bsrcause they were not permitted to move an amendment.

THE PLAGUE OF LIFE

A " Little Cough." THE RUIN OF HEALTH: A " Little Cough. THE FORERUNNER OF DEATH:

A " Tittle Cough." Which may be CURED now by the IMMEDIATE USN nt

I-1 A LL'S p ORER FOR INFLUENZA _LuGr ESTltegistererl AND ALL UUESP I uNG AND ROATs I_4 ZESTORER COMPLAINTS. Never Faits. It POiSESS RETKE POWER

LUNG to &lolly:. lIEr.tEvE and, HEAL, which e,tiA4-8 no' ESTOR ER other preoaratiou. UNG FOR COUGHS -4 p ESTORETI on. COLDS.. Al sever Fan E!? s. It NEV FAIL.; to GIVE Lu INaTANT RELIEF. RESTORER THE FIRST DOSE IS A SOOTHING- PRE" T UN LUDE TO THE CURE. -1-4 RESTORER INDUCES SLEEP Calm and Itefreshinz. L"° ESTORER • DOES NOT CONTA.IN p LAXDANUM OPIUM. or Never Pails MORPHIA. UNG Fort WHOOPING p ESTORER CO ua LUNG IT ACTS LIKE A CHARg• I-) ESTO I; ER . CLiidr,n like it. 1.1 'Never Fal:s. ONE 3_l .7)1 BOTTLE• 11 ALL'S 02D. T UNQ p ESTO ER PROVES ITS VALUE. 11., Registered ESTABLISHED 40 YEARS* GIVES INSTANT NEVER NEVER I BELIEF. FAILS. FALLS.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
EXTRACT FROM LETTER OF WITNWS

L. A. :Smith, Orphan Iforne tor Oirls, Croydon. To Mr. Ego.i. 11kL%.--•• DEAR Stu, —I ani pleAsol ,to t,stify t th, great benefit beriveii fro.n hellAC of your LUN.CI' ESTOI:E;i which I M lye given t,-) s •ver,tl (Itir"L hi Hone—in two cases particularly- it 3 wffeAs were in,trvel' lona. having cured nio4t obstinate CouAhi. I shall lie pleaseLi ta re-,:orbnietiu it to all my tri. Huts."

C you ask, ask for a Bottle Of HALL'S LUNG Kr;ST()l:hit, don't be pers,talet to er:ce,pt ni cf,e. U.n the oz_tAile wrapoer of every genuine B ttt ppotrs inc Irade Arark (the figure of llopE) and Sign&zure• Be u ware of 'fradulent Imitations n and innovatios. Sold by Chemists and Stores everywhere. in Bottles, is. I),d. and 2s. 9d. Should thene be any difficult, ia obtaining, it will be sent, carriage paid, on receipt cf tor the at-no:ill, from TiiO. IiA.LL, 2, Quee \lota:iv. stre.t. Lond6r,, E,C.

AlibiL..l

).

===== 0002601_18940616_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
, .rf

' 7. , ‘, • , , ,

===== 0002601_18940616_art0022.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
:11

===== 0002601_18940616_art0023.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18940616_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
AN ADVERTISING DODGE.

You can't always tell by the heading of an article • what it is. It may be an advertisement for Warner's Safe Cure," a safe, sure, and positive cure for diseases of the kidneys and liver, and their developments," and you do not read advertisements if you know it, but you have read this one so far, and ought to finish it, as it Will only take you thirty seconds to read the testimonial of Mr. Jas. S. Joy, 68, Corporation Street, Manchester, dated April 18th, 1894. "About four years ago I had an attack of Influenza, which kept me in bed four weeks. When I got up and about again I was very • nervous; could get no sleep, could not eat, and suffered with pains in the head and face which almost drove me mad. I got worse and worse, week after week. Of cfiurse I had medical advice, and various kinds of medi.H eine, from none of which I received any benefit. When things got to the worst, and everybody, including my- self, had given up all hope, I met a friend whom I had not seen for some time, and seeing the condition I was in, '(I had lost 4 stone in weight), ,he said, Try Warner's Safe Cure.' I laughed at the idea. No quack medicine for me, thank you.' But he insisted, saying, Don't get one bottle and use it, and then say it is no good. Your case is too serious for that. It has taken years to bring You to your present condition, and you won't be cured in a week, but if you will get bottle after bottle for a month, and take same as per instructions, and you do not find yourself well on the road to recovery at the end of that time,! will pay for all you have taken, and stand a guinea silk hat into the bargain.' I yielded and got a large bottle, and religiously took eight doses a day. When that was done I got another, and followed suit. At the end of two weeks I felt no better, though every one • else congratulated me upon the improvement that had taken place. This encouraged me to go on, which I did ' for about four months. At the end of that time I was as well as ever I had been in my life, gaining weight all the time. Since then I had never hal a day's illness, but lam never without a small bottle of Warner's Safe Core in the house. If! feel a little off colour in the morning, I take a dose before breakfast." lam afraid the above is rather a rambling statement, but it is a statement of facts (stubborn things those facts).

===== 0002601_18940616_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
A WARRINGTON JOURNALIST'S EXPERIENCES IN AMERICA.

SOME REMINISCENCES.

BY LUXE BLUNT.

It is about live years ago. that Mr. James Bate, formerly assistant librarian at the IVarrington Library, sailed away to America in quest of Dame Fortune's favours. He arrived over here last week, and seems to have secured a fair share of the bounte- ous one's dispensations. He was on his way to Ant- werp, to "write up" the exhibition there, as corres- pondent for the Chicargo "Herald," and was mak- ing the journey in company with a Mr. N. O'Brien, fiNe w York. I waylaid him the other afternoon, intending to put him through an operation, which ke as an Amer ican journalist ef ten subjects other People to, viz, the process of mental dissection known as interviewing. I found that America had not perverted his genial disposition, though it had changed him into the quick decisive sort of man that Yankee journalists are made of. Of the five years he has been abroad he spent four on the staff of the Chicargo " Herald," and one on the staff of the New York" World." American reporters differ from those in England, in that they combine with the " profession of letters," the characteristics of public prosezutors and detectives. So that I was not wrong in surmising that -Mr.l3ate's career across the Atlantic must have been varied and exciting. We fell to talking about his professional experi- ences.

One night while engaged on the" World," he met his city editor, who informed him that he had re- ceived intimations of a shameful state of things Which were alleged to be existing on the quarantine island, in New York harbour. There was a dreadful epidemic of typhus in the city at the time, which caused considerable alarm.

"1 am going to look the matter up, and I want a Volunteer to go with me," said the city editor. "My services are at your dispasal, sir," replied the War- ringtonian ; and after making a few arrangements the couple repaired to a wharf on the East river, and it was now they met with the first check in their dangerous exploit. Anyone approaching the quarantine island is liable to a heavy penalty, and consequently they were unable to ge,.t a boatman to ferry them across. They tried to bribe the offi- cial ferryman; but it was of no avail. Despair mined them as a companion. But he evidently actel as a stimulus, for by a final ruse they -man- aged to induce a boatman to adjourn to an adja- cent saloon to imbibe " cocktails," to the immortal glory of their souls. and to the continuance of their health ; the latter being a sensible toast consider- ing their expediraou. While lie was absent they leaped into the boat, cut the painter by which it Was moored,and rowed away to the island of disease. It was midnight when they arrived, and as dark as It well could be. The victimsof the various diseases Where confined in different pavilions, and towards the first of these they began to grope their way. Presently they stumbled against a tent. After some hesitation they stealthily peered between the canvass, and a horrid, fearsome sight, which set the cold sweat running down their faces, presented itself. Lying on his back, partly covered with a blanket, was the hideous form of a leper Chinaman; a man whose terrible disease compelled him to live alone in this solitary place, and debarred him for ever of having intercourse with a fellow being. They hurried from this ghastly spectacle as rapidly Its the intense darkness would permit; and soon they came upon the first pavilion, into which they entered. But here there awaited their a sight ten- fold more horrible than that of the poor leper. It Was the ward in which the delirious patients were confined. On 18 beds there were strapped down 18 Poor, raving victims; some with the vigour of mad- ness were struggling to free their wasted limbs of their bonds; some were shrieking hideously ana blaspheming wildly, and some with the anguish of dying men, were calling for water, while the blood Oozed from theiemouths and their eyes started from !heir heads withltter Y. And tilers was no one about to minister to these dying creatures' wants • • • . The next pavilion they came to was oc- Cunied by a number of small-pox patients,who,upon the entrance of the clandestine visitors, clied and einnlered, and begged for water. There had been to attendant near them for hours. The two spent sometime in fetching and administering water, and "'long those to whom they gave to drink, they dis- covered a journalist, known to them both : a man ;who had been stricken down while investigat- ing the spread of the disease in the city ; and, as it is proved, was doomed to die within a few aours. For another hour Mr. Bate and his com- Panion continued their investigations, and dis- lovered Only one attendant on duty in the whole Island to watch over 300 sufferers from smallpox I•knd typhus ! As they were preparing to leave the I,!latid they came across a weird sight. Aided by Lne dim light of a couple of lanterns, were three ta, en busily though ,ilently engaged ia interring tnSee dead patients. The men proved to be an at- tendant a ffi convalescent patient, and an ocial. s tnrtlY afterwards the two pressmen pushed off in Wen' small boat and rowed into the darkness. A heavy fog', however, soon enveloped them, anti they were e3mpelled to row without a knowledge of 'whether they were going in the direction of the sea ?? the shore. But it proved they were rowing sea- wards, for an hour afterwards they collided with a vessel that was making its way into harbour, and were only providentially saved from drowning by ~_e • friendly hands that hauled them on board. The ed publicationof.the revolting facts which they had obtain Cleated a great sensation. A public lificluiry by the city authorities was made. at which S. Bate and his editor gave evidence, with the re- li !. It that the medical officer of the island was dis- charged, and a new staff of attendants engaged. An Ltenipt, was made by the other papers to have the '-w.O journalists arrested anti quarantined ; but the agitation came to nothing. As a reward for his the Mr. Elate was presented with a cheque b he y proprietors of the " World," which was in- scribed with " Dresented to Mr. Bate for his volun- tzirY services, &e." ------ continued startling experience, whic% I had," Mr. Bate "was in connection with the winding up of some New York building and loan a.ocieties. An immense amount of public money .n,ed been invested in these, and it was known that !"9' were in a "seedy "state. In fact a Government, ocincial had been appointed to examine into their 2ndition. It was a duty due to the public Vat' the result of this examination should Itlade known to them, and I was told off to B_!tcure the information. This incident illustrates the indelicate methods it is absolutely necessary to adopt in Securing information of a public character When an attempt, is being made to withhold it. I TUTOSSM with this, and with the knowledge that I any circumstences of the case would justify almost tatsey action which I might have to take, I set off to —net's office intending to get his report. I _ wing the information was in his Gwn keeping I laughed at my request, and appearsd to be in-

W I-1Y DO MEN AND WOMEN SUFFER with Pains in the Back and Lumbago, when they can so easily and speedily obtain instant relief without medicine or inconvenience by applying such a world-wide and world-tried remedy a..s Allcock's Plasters, the proved efficacy ,1.- -is shown by the sale in England alone of upwards of Twenty

Million,

Allcock's Plasters instantly stop all Aches and Pains, and promptly relieve and cure Sprains and Strains, Lumbago, Sciatica, Rheumatism, Rup- tures, r tonchitis, Asthma, and all aile( 'ions of the throat and lungs, acting directly on the tissues and dilating the pores of the skin they soon show their healing power, and justify all that has been said in their tavour.

The popular name and just fame of Allcock's PlaAers lia.s led to shameful piracy by un- scrupulous imitators, many of the imitation plasters containing Lead and Cantharides (Spanish Fly), involving serious risks that should never be permitted, unless under the direction of a medical man ; it is therefore necessary to ask the public, for their own safeguard, to see that they get the genuine ALLCOCK'S PLASTERS. ALLCOCK'S of all Chemists, from Is. Id. each.

;37 of -which i . i )1 ,

===== 0002601_18940616_art0026.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
41' . , •

===== 0002601_18940616_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
-

finitely tickled when I said we must hay.e the information. At the termination of a prolonged harangue he rose to go; but it was not before I had caught sight of that much wished for report, in a drawer which he had opened. Almost in the same sweep of the vision, my eye had rested upon the key of the office door, and this decided ire in taking a prompt, decisive action. As an ordinary act of courtesy I opened the door for the examiner to allow him to make his exit, and at the same time I dropped the key into my pocket. Within an hour I was back at the office, and having got the cora- missionare out of the way under a pretext, I ran up to the examiner's office, and in another ten minutes I was on my way to the " World " offices with the report in my pocket. So serious was it in import, that the publication of the report caused a panic among the shareholders, and the result of a few more investigations I had to make was that two of the direcf,ors were sentenced to penal servitude for embezzlement ; another was mortally wounded in an assault made on him by an enraged share- holder, and three other directors—well-known men —fled the city."

"And how do the duel-loving Americans take this sort of exposure. Do they, to use a phrase which is somewhat slangy, " cotton " to it." "it has become such an important characteristic of the American journals, that the public regard it as the duty of the papers to take up prosecutions and investigations, and consequently the people incriminated do not as a rule feel any particular bitterness against us. Occasionally they do, and then we have to get out of the danger as best we may."

"Did you ever get a challenge?" "Well not exactly," said Mr. Bate smiling. "But I got an intimation in Chicargo once that I should be shot "on sight." It was in consequence of an investigation made against a merchant whom I will designate as Robinson. One day,the body of a very beautiful girl, who was identified as Carry Smith, was found in Michigan lake. Her death was sup- posed to be the result of suicide or murder. The police and ourselves had been making investigations all day, but not an iota of information could be gathered. At about eleven o'clock that night I learned of an hotel keeper who was supposed to come from the same town as Carry Smith. I jumped into a cab and had soon found my man. "Do you know Carry Smith is drowned," I said. "Is she ! By it's that Robinson's work." "And where is Robinson now ?"

"He's living at -street." I pretended that I knew Robinson, and a conver- sation, judiciously directed, revealed to me these facts: Robinson had been the girl's lover at her home in a neighbouring city; she had eloped with him to Chicago, and had been employed as his type- writer; he was now going to be married to a lady of some note, and he had been seen last with the deceased, Carry Smith. This was enough. I rattled away in a four wheeler and arrived opposite the block of buildings in which Robinson lived. It was now turned midnight. I started with the top bell. A night-capped woman thrust her head out of the window. " Does Mr. Robinson live here ?"

"No, he dosn't ! Come waking people up at this hour for !" and then her voice, uttering impreca- tions was lost to me as I went for the next bell. Similar results rollowed until I got to the very last door, when, in answer to an enquiry, someone at a window said Mr. Robinson did live there.

'• I want to see him on the most important busi- ness."

"Now then, what do yolt want to see me about," said a big man, who appeared at the door, a few seconds after. I locked at his hue frame and realied that he could crush the; and I got a glimpse of his face—a long, sallow, repulsive looking face— and I felt he was a man unhampered with scruples. "I am a" Herald " reporter," .1 said. After a mo- ment's hesitation he replied : "Come wit h me then."

I went. He led me by the hand through a pitch dark room, and then into a passage. Suspicions of foul play—naturally to be expected under such cir- cumstances—began to flash through my brain, and the perspiration rolled down my face. Out of the passage we went into another dark room ; then up a stairway, and presently into a lighted bedroom. There did not appear to be another soul in the house and when this man, having got into bed again, asked me my errand, my knees began to smite each other with something like fear. I knew the safety of my lii e.depended upon diplomacy. I suspected him of the murder of Carry Smith, and intended to have confronted him with the accusation. But it was different now. I made a start: " You knew Carry Smith? " _

" Yes, her body was found this morning." " How did you know it was her body ? " " Well--I thought it was."

"She worked for. -you?"

' She was my typewriter.' "You were her lover? "

" Its-a lie." And be raised his body and glared at me. _

--4fsk it a fact you were with her yesterday even-

" What if I was ?1"

" Well—it looks strange."

" What do you suspect. me of " he n,sked with a terrible scowl on his face, and he raised himself into a sitting position. I made as diplomatic an explanation as I could, and then he said :

" If anything of this gets into the papers I shall short, you on sight." " Very well Mr. Robinson, you may hold me re- sponsible."

The feel I had gatherel were published, and the next evening I got word from another journalist named Lahiff, that he had unearthed something about Robinson. He had found a lawyer to whom a nurse had made some depositions about Robinson, showing that he was already a married man, and he was to be married again the next day, at four o'clock. At three o'clock the next day, the lawyer, and the nurse, myself. and Lahiff, rolled away in a carriage to the Church, where the ceremony was to take place. It was our intention to interrupt the ceremony, and object to the marriage. But unfor- tunately Robinson had been beforehand with us. He had been married at two o'clock. He has not been seen in the city since and of course has not yet " shot me on sight."

"In contrast to this I had a funny experience some time afterwards. A paragraph appeared in a pap.,r that a rich farmer's daughter had been lost in tl:e snow at Danbury. As a means of advertising the" herald " I was sent off to Danbury to organize a search party,and write up.the story. Upon alight- ing from the train at my destination,' got into con- versation with an in',elligent sort of man, and pre- sently told him the object of my errand. There appeared to be romantic possibilities in the case. The man said : - -

" You've come from Chicago for that?" " Yes, sir.' " Wall,vou are a gossoort."

" Oh !how !" " That rich farmer's daughter is a crazy nigger servant wench, who got drunk and lost herself. She's in the house across there now." "I went across. And sure enough it was a crazy nigger girl, and when I got into the room there were two other coloured females chafing her limbs and as they worked were crooning: " Hock ob ages clef' fur me." " Of course the " herald " didu't mention any- thing about this story."

===== 0002601_18940616_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
• `IIIIE EXAMINEE; SATURDAY, JUNE 169 1894 ..... • --. ANGLING EXHIBITION AT WARRINGTON MILLOWNERS WARRINGTON. AIVD THE SHIP CANAL. On Thursday last the first exhibition in con- _____ • neetion with the Warrington Angling Society, Was THE SUPPLY .OF WATER TO THE opened in the Gymnasium, Palmyra Square. The Society have every reason to congratulate them- RIVER. selves upon their first move in this direction,for the. In the Chancery Division of the high Court of various exhibits caused the room to have a charm- Justice on Friday, before Mr. Justice Kekewich, the ing appearance, and the number of those present action of Fairclo't;gll v. the Manchester Ship Canal was also extremely satisfactory. 0 sing to the local Company came on for hearing. The plaintiffs were exhibits being rather few, the angling also individuals from ling societies of Man- chester, Oldham and Sheffield, an represented by Mr. Finlay, Q.C., Mr. Warmington, . those places supplied the majority of the exhibits. Q.C., and Mr T. R. Hughes; and the defendant's Among others, Mr. Alfred Crofts, of Sheffield, and Mr. counsel were Sir It. Webster, Q C., Mr. Moulton, Driver, of Manchester, have been very prominent exi4i- Q C., Mr. Sebastian, and Mr. J. C. Graham. biters. Among the Manchester exhibits were, a 23-e lb. Mr. Finlay, in opening the plaintiff's case, said they pike; a bream weighing 10 lbs. ; a roach, 1 lb. 15 n. ; were millers, and asked for an injunction and damages a dace, 10 oz., 11 drachms ; two gudgeons, over 2te ozs. in respect of injuries sustained by the wrongful acts of the Ship Canal Corspany in contra- them consequent on each ; a perch, 2 lbs., 10 ozs. ; a wrasse, and also a gray- ling and two barbelot eels from Lake tivrtiwy. The ventinn of the provisions of the Manchester Ship Canal following exhibits were sent from Sheffield : itike, 12 Act, 1885, and of the rights of the plaintiffs. They lbs.; barbel. 14 lbs. ; two bream, 6 lbs.. 7 oz., and 5 lbs. owned three mills on the Mersey—the Mersey Mills at 1 y 12 ozs., respectively ; carp, 11 lbs., 2 ozs.; brook trout, Howley Qta, mills at Bank Quay, mills a little further 4 lb., 12 oz. ; two chub, sth. and, 4:1 lbs. respectively ; down in the Warrington district, and mills and premises roach 2 lbs. ; perch, 2 lbs., 10 OZa. The bream is a very still further down at Widnes. The learned counsel put fine one and was caught in Ireland. Mr. F. M. Walbran, in a map for the guidance of his lordship, and having who is known as" Halcyon" in the" Leeds Mercury," described its main features, went on to say that by the As and who delivered a lecture on Thursday night on "The Act authorising the construction of the canal, defend four seasons of angling," also brought a specimen gray- ants were authorised to take away a certain amount of ling which weighed 3 lbs. 9 ozs. This is the best sped- water, according to a table embodied in the Act, from men throughout the United Kingdom, and at the the River Mersey, to be ascertained by a gauge to be Angling Exhibition in London a few months ago, this erected at Howley Quay. ~ The contention of the defend- fishants, as he understood it; was that they were entitled to beat all competitors. These exhibits were placed in glass cases all round the room, and in addition to these, divert as much water as they chose provided they were a number of fine pictures of the fish of Great restored it to the Mersey at any point abeve Howley Britain, which were kindly lert by Mr. Proud of Suez- Quay' 'rho plaintiffs, however, said that this was a street. There was also a rtrait of Mr. Foulkes, of misconception of the Act, which was to protect the full po Latchford, vsho is one of the oldest anglers navigation of the Mersey. There was no special point in the selection of Howley Quay, except as a convenient in the surrounding district. Councillor Bolton and Mr. J. Lyon Whittle (town clerk) also supplied pictures, and Point of measurement, and plaintiffs said defendants in addition, a number of water colour pictures came were not at liberty to take out of the river any water from Manchest-•r and Sheffield. Dotted here and there in excess of the quantity provided by the statute, and that any water so taken in excese could not be about the room were aquariums containing perch. (lace, &c., which were supplied by Messrs. J. Lyon Whittle, cured by returning the water to another point Shaw. Ashurst, and Redle. There was a fine exhibi- s smewhere about Howley Quay. If that view, tion of fishing tackle placed round the room which was were correct, defendants could make navigation supplied by Messrs. P. Knight, Pram], J. Lyon Whittle absolutely impoesible between the points at which Islottram, Shaw, Cooke, Bailey, Bancroft, Foulkes, and water was taken out and restored, and persons using Bodle. At one end of the roam was a stall in charge of the river would be deprived of the benefit they had Mr. W. EL Pedmore which attached special notice. It hitherto enjoyed. The Mersey Mills of the plaintiff were was laden with fishing requisites of all discriptions which fed by a stream issuing above Howley Mill. Plaintiffa were placed in a very artistic manner. Among those held this right under a lease originally granted for 1,000 present were the Mayor (Alderman E. Greenall), the years from the 29th September, 1761, by the Cosimpeny Town Clerk (Mr. J. Lyon Whittle), Councillor Greening, of Preprietora for Improving the Navigation of the Messrs. F. M. Wilbran, R. Davies, S. Wilson, W. H. J. rivers Mersey and Irwell, and it gave the plaintiffs full Jenkins, H. N. Houghton, R. Proud, and P. Knight. liberty of taking the stream fram the Mersey by a sluice During the course of the evening, a lecture upon 'S The or cut to be made at a specified point, and to hold, use, four seasons of angling, was given by Mr. F. W. Wel- and enjoy full liberty of the streams as long as it should bran, illustrated by a hundred views. The lantern mani- continue a navigable river up to Manchester. The re- pulator was Mr. H. N. Houghton. Mr.R.Davies occupied versioe of that lease vested in the Bridgwater Navigation ' the chair, and in the course of his remarks he said that who succeeded that committee, and from them it was he had lived 65 years in Warrington. They would transferred to the defendant Ship Canal Company. hardly believe him, hut he was a living witness of a Plaintiffs had paid rent to the defendants, and they had salmon being caught in the Mersey. He was also glad accepted it up to April of this year, but they now said to say that Mr. John Geddes, one of the Warrington that the river Mersey had ceased to be navigable. If magistrates had alms) informed him that he was in a however, it could be said to be so, it was by defendants' boat with some persons engaged in catching salmon, own acts, and plaintiffs submitted, their wrongful acts. Not only were saimen caught in the river, but also Further, the plaintiffs had enjoyed the right of water bream, dace, and other fish. He recollected the first for driving their mills, in common with other riparian chemical water corning down the river from Manchea- owners, rights of navigating the river to Manchester. ter, which destroyed the fish. Be remembered scores Proceeding to call. attention to the provisions of the de- and scores of the fish coming down the river, and little fendants' Ship Canal Act,the learned counsel passed its boys catching them in baskets, but owing to the chemi. powers in review, and detailed the section which pro- cats, they were unlit for food. 'rho eels were the last vides that out of any 100,000 cubic feet of water passing fish to live in time river, and the last fish which was the measuring point in any 24 hours, 10 millions may to caught, was taken out of the river near the old bridge diverted into time canal and no more ; but this amount foundry ahout 30 years :ago. The river • was then far Plaintiffs alleged had been largely exceeded,diminishing different In what it was at the present time. It was the downward flow of the river past Howley Quay by n..w smelling most dreadfully at Wilderspool. (Hear, larger quantities than the Act allowed. In answer to I hear.) He medh regretted that those old times had passed defendants' assertien ot their intention to construct ' away. He hoped that sense of those present would works for the return of water to the Mersey, piaintiffs live to see the river much purer than it was to-day. He said not only that this would not comply with the Act, remembered speaking to Professor, now Lord Playfair, but that it would not meet the case, as leaving about the river, and asking how long he thought it Parts of the Woolaton cut without an adequate supply would take the river to become clear agaireand time Pro- of water. Moreover the levels at that point were fessor replied that if it was left to nature, it would not such as to have a serious effect upon the river take more than two or three years. With regard to and the property on its banks. Just below the angling, he considered that it was a most harmless and Mersey Mills defendauts intended to make a interesting amusement, and took the anglers amongst dock out of a loop in the river. To this end they exce- the finest and most beautiful scenery ,and lovely streams. veted the intended diversion te a depth of 3ft. or 4ft., They all longed to see the clear water and beautiful and, then letting in the water, they went on to deepen streams come around Warrington again. Izeak Walton it by dredging. The effect of this was that, the current had declared that an angler like a poet, must he horn to being divided, a large amount of sail was carried down it. He believed that was quite true. It would be rather by the stream, which, not being sufficiently powerful to slow work for him but still he appreciated its methods, carry it past Bank Qeav,became silted up by this soil by and he was very glad to see that so many took an inter- being itnproperly, as piaintiffs alleged, thus dealt with. eat in it. The lecturer then Proceeded with his lecture, This occurred before time opening of the canaleind caused considerable inconvenience, and when time canal was which was a very interesting one, and the evening's proceeding!' closed with the usual vetes of thanks, opened with the abstraction of water which then took The exhibition was again opened on Friday evening. place, so far from the silting UD being diminished,it was • a A fine tench was on view in an aquarium belonging to aggravated. He went on to describe how the depth of Mr. Ashurst, which was much admired, the river; according to the state of the tide, at the sill at Liverpool is taken. A 16ft. spring tide above the top of the sill at Liverpool gave 81t. as Fiddler's Ferry, and Oft. at Bank Quay before the canal was opened; but since then, the depth of water had been much less, and , interfering with the navigation of the river, injured the plaintiff,' enjoyment of it as hitherto. The plaintiffs further said that the defendants ha.] made their works at Latchford some 6ft. too low. How that was to be prevented din not concern the plaintiffs, but they sub- mitted that they were entitled to relief in respect to it. The defendants had violated their Act as to the water they were entitled to abstract and their diversion below the Mersey Mills had been aggravated by that unlawful abstraction of water. That briefly was the case for the plaintiffs, and he proceeded to call evidence in support of it. • Mr. Henry Fairciough, one of the plaintiffs, was accordingly called, and examined by Mr. Wartnington, spoke to their ownership of the mills and testified to similar formal matters embraced in the opening speech as part of the plaintiffs' case. They had their own barges and lighters for conveying grain to their mills, and into these a considerable part was delivered over the ship's side; and the deprivation of these facilities and loss of their waterway would be a costly matter to the firm. In November last, tw • of their barges, going down light, grounded in the old bed of the river opposite St. James's Church, at the bend of the river Mersey,and near the intended dock. He gave further details as to the falling of the water, speaking of it at the low water period as compared with its depth before the making of the canal. Cross-examined, he said that before the Iconstruction of the Ship Canal they were sometimes , troubled with floods, but they had no complaint to make lon that head since the opening. (A laugh.) , The adjournment was reached before this witness's cress-examination was concluded. Mr. Justice Kekewick, in the Chancery Division, was on Saturday morning to have resumed the hearing of the action brought by Messrs. Fairclough against the Man- chester Ship Canal Company to restrain them from tak- ing from the Mersey a larger quantity of water than is authorised under the Canal Company's Acts to the detri- ment of the plaintiffs', three miles at and above Howley Quay, hut on his lordship taking Ids seat, Mr. Finlay, counsel for plaintiffs, said the parties had been negotiating fora settlement since the rising of the court on Friday, and although they had not arrived at terms they were so near aereement that continuing the case might he injurious, a waste of tiete.and do no good and possibly harm. In these circumstances peril:gas his lordship would eive them a little more time. Mr. Justice Kekewich said ef course he could not ob- ject, hut it was inconvenient that these suggestions should he made when too late to alter the lists. Sir Richard Webster, leading counsel for plaintiffs, said the fact was that after what fell from ilia Lordship on Friday night the part'es had been in conaultation,and there were only the most remote doubts of time matter being settled. The consent of time Werrinetnn Corpora• tion would have to be asked to terms, and if this was rtiven,his lordship need not be further troubled, nor need time he lost, because it would be proposed in the event of failure, when he did not anticipate, at once to go on with the case. It was then arranged as a matter of precaution that should A settlement not be arrived at, the case should cotne on on Tuesday.

WARRINGTON BA.NICR,UPTCY COURT.

A HATDOCK BUILDP:IeS EXAMTNATION.—At the War- rington BAnkruptcy Court on Friday. before Mr. Regis- trar Ridgway, James Twigs, Old Ford-row, flaydock, builder and contractor,appeared tor'llis public examina- tion. His gross liabilities amounted tr) £3,356 4s. The assets amounted to £253 24. 81. rho debtor gave as his reasons for failure bad trade, losses on houses built, and losses through the coal strike. The debtor was put through a lengthy exlinination by Mr. A. B. Potter, assistant official receiver, and from this it appeared that the debtor had entered into several buildint contracts, all of which had proved unprofitable. The Registrar expressed his dissatisfaction at the manner in which the debtor had given his answers and adjourned the examination until the 20th.

" CADBURY'S COCOA has in ft remarkable degree thn:f ural elements of sustenmsce which give the system endur- ance and hardihood, building on inu‘cle and bodily vigour, with a steady action th,d renders it a most Tellable and ac,ca table be verage."—Hcalth (2.

Sir Henry Hawkins, whose partiality for shutting up his Court in order to go off to races has heen the subject of adverse comment, once, when a witness referred to the City and Suburban, gently asked, "Is that a bank?'

===== 0002601_18940616_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
jr-„&thi!gy,o-toderif.

GIvE EASE & COMFORT DURING TEETHING. Plea*.int, Cooling Aperient for Children of all Ages. Try them and prove their value for yourselves. Sold everywhere In paokets, 1.. 11,1. and 2s. 9d., or post free 14 or 34 stamps. PRITCHARD. CHEMIST. CHEADLE. MANCHESTER (lateChorlton Rood).

===== 0002601_18940616_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
A HOUSEKEEPER'S HISTORY.

An interesting and unusual case has been lately made public in the "Kent County Examiner," a great news- paper published at Ashford. The circumstances are reported in the form of an interview with Mrs. Fester an elderly woman, occupying a trusted position as housekeeper in the establishment of a gentleman at Ran- dolphs, Riddenden.

" Last July," said Mrs. Foster to the reporter, "I had been standing in a draught, and cainTht a sharp attack of rheumatism in my left arm, it was so bad that I had great trouble in moving my arm at all, and it gave me dreadful pain. It was soon so bad that I found it impos- sible to dress nisNelf. For months I could not put ray hands far enough behind me to tie my own apron strings ! I suffered a great deal of pain, and tried many advertised remedies, but not one of them was of the slightest use." " Well," said the "Kent Examiner" reporter, "it is this that I come to ask you about. It seemed that you had been cured in some miraculous way." • "Yes, I am certainly cured though medicine was of no use; hut it was by medicine, too, that I was cured, only you see it was not ordinary medicine. I had read something in the newspapers of the new scientific remedy called Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I ob- tained a supply, andln five days, on coming downstairs one morning, found I could move my left arm in a way that had not been possible to me for months; not since the attack first came on in fact."

" Had you to take the long, after that ?" "Oh, no ; the cure was all done by half a box of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. I have had no rheumatism since; and that was about two months ago." Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are an unfailing cure for rheu- matism, sciatica, neuralgia, partial paralysis, locomotor ataxy, St. Vitus dance, nervous headache, prostration, &c. They give the glow of health,. are a specific for troubles of the fern de sex, and in rrPn eff?ct a radicil cure in CaS9Sariiinz from mental worry, overwork, or excesses of any kind.

They are sold by all Chemists, or may be hai direct from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, of 46, Hol- born Viaduct, London, at 2s. 9,1. a box, or six boxes for 13s. 91. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale reaple are never sold loose, and any dealer who offers substitutes in this or any form is trying to defraud ; the wooden box must be in a pink wraptvir, b )tring-, the fall name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills far Pale People.

WEEKLY it.EPOHT ON THE HEALTH OF WARRINGTON. Week ending 2ntl June, 1894. During the week, which was the 220.1 of the current year, the following births and deaths were registered :

Births. Deaths. Warrington Latchford 4 3 Total 45 20 The excess of births over deaths Was 25. The death- rate from all caliSt4l Was equal to 16.9 per 1,000, fit;ainst 13 the averae of the previous four weeks, and against 235 the corresponding week of last year. The death- rate from the seven chief zyinotic diseases was equal to 46 per 1,000, against 2-2 the average rate of the four previous weeks, and against 9.4 the corresponding week of 1393. The aves of mortality were- -0-1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-60 60 np. 5 4 1 4 3 17 1 1 3

20 The deaths included— 3 from scarlet fever, 2 from whooping crtuzli, 4 from piithisis, 5 from lung disease, 3 from brain disease, 1 from scalds, 2 from debility. The following cases of infectious disPase have been reportrd during Ow week :—Scarlet fever 7 cases. Patients in hospital on 27th May, 27. METHOunr.onr. —The mean temperature was 48•1 Fah., and therefore 4 7 deg. hiaher than the preceding week. The maximum temperature 66 F., was recorded on the 2nd inst., and the minimum tvmperature 34 F., on the let inst.

The rainfall Ineasured '47 inch. The general direction NCR 13 S. W. , the reading of the Anemometer denoting 985 miles.

JOHN 11. GORXALL. Aledical Officer of Ht,alth.

WORTH KNOWING.—WOOIIEND'S FAMOUS NINE OILS, is • boon to suffrr iirt: . lik. magic in all raies of RHIPIArIi SPRAINS, BRUISRS, and STIFF JOINTS Pri ls. 41. ,er paia.—J.WooDEND chemist, 22, Pitt-street, Liverpeol.—Adrt.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0031.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MIMI

===== 0002601_18940616_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES ATHLETIC CLUB.

ANNUAL SPORTS.

The twenty-seventh annual festival of the Widnes Athletic Club Sports was held on the Sports Field, Farnworth on Friday and Saturday. The weather was very unfavourable on both days, but notwith- standing this the sp)rts were well patronised: The entries, which were a great increase on last year, numbered over 400. On Friday the events were local, confined to a six mile radius of Widnes. The following are the results of Friday's events :- 120 YARDS FLAT BACK HANDICAV.—The following won thpir heats. First heat, W. Nixon, Ditton, F. C. (2t yards) ; sesond heat, Fl. Peters, Widnes (31; yards) ; third heat, A. J. Mottram, Warrington Gymnasium , (3± yards) ; fourth heat,Ed.Williams,Garston (lA-yards); filth heat, 0. Dunbavin, Widnes F.C. (41 yards). Decid- ing heat : 1, 0. Dunbavin ; 2, W. Nixon ; 3, A. J. Mottra m.

fieLy•Mitat FLAT RACE HANDICAP.—Confined to the employes of the United Alkali Co., Ltd. There were 14 competitors in this event and a good race was wit- nessed. First, G. Wright, (-if-Mintz Davies (scratch) ; 2. Fi.Petrs Gaskell Deacon (15) ; 3, J. Clihborn, Golding Davies (20) yards). Tea OF WAR, Six MEN (Thsrmcr).—Three teams en- tered for this event viz.:—Six employes of Widnes Alkali Works. Captain, Peter Dawson. Six employes (*Widnes Alkali Works. Captain. W. Brown. Six emp4?yes of Liverpool Silver and Copper Co., Ltd. Captain, Fred Collins. The two Widnes Alkali teams were left in to decide the final on Saturday. Two MILES BICYCLE RACE BANDICAP (DISTRICT).— This race was run in two heats. The hallowing on their heats. First heat. 1, N Jack:on, Widnes C. C. (130 yards) ; 2, A. T. Dainteth, Warrington, C. C. (145 yards) ; 3, R.Vate, Woolton (180 yards). Second heat, 1, H. Dutton, Warrington C.C. (165 yards); 2. F. W. Sherratt, Widnes C.C. (180 yards) ; 3, W. Sherratt, Widnes C.C. (160 yards). Final 1, W. Jackson, 2, F.W. Sherratt_; 3, A. T. Daiuteth.

ONE MILE FLkT HACH HANDICAP (DISTRICT).—ResuIt, 1, George Wright, Widnes (scratch). 2, J. Botich, Wid- nes Rangers F.(l. (46 yards) ; 3, J. T. Macho Nile, War- rington (40 yards). The sports were continued on Saturday with the fol- lowing results :

120 YARDS FLAT RACE HANDIC (OPEN).—There otetY 77 entries for this event and 13 heats were run. First heat : E. Butterworth, Chester College R.F.C. (101 yds) ; second heat, W. Nixon, Ditton F.C., (91 yds) ; third heat, R. Bromilow, Kirby, (111 yds) ; fourth heat, H. Peters, Widnes, (11 yds) ; fifth heat, R. W. Leach, Nelson C.C.. (91 yds) ; sixth heat, Fl. Braggs, Liverpool, (101 ' yds); seventh heat, S. Thompson, Altrincham KC., (10 yds) ; eighth heat, S. Poyor,Harpurbhy,(lll yds); ninth heat, J. Sherratt, Manchester, (91 yds) ; tenth heat, C. Richardson, Birkenhead E.H., (12 vds) ; eleventh heat, T. Purcell, Liverpool Harriers, (101 yds) ; twelfth heat, C. Scott, Present Harriers, (111 vds) ; thirteenth heat, J. Lawton, Pendleton F.C., (9 yds); and J. L. Brown, Liverpool (101 yds) ran a dead heat, but on being run off the latter was victorious. The three trial heats resulted as follows :—First heat, Ist E. Butterworth, 2nd H. Peters; second heat, Ist R. W. Leach. 2nd S. Poyor ; third heat, Ist J. L. Brown, 2nd T. Purcell. The final resulted as follows :-Ist E. Butterworth, 2nd R. W. Leach, 3rd J. L. Brown. Time 11 3-5 sec. THREE MILES BICYCLE RACE HANDICAP (OPEN).—For this event twelve competed. Result :-Ist R. W. Trow, Wolverhampton 8.C.. (scratch) ; 2nd W. Jackson, Wid- nes C.C., (100 yds) ; 3rd R. iloulton, Rainford C.C., (100 yds).* 'rime 8 min 58 2 5 sec. ONE MILE FLAT RACE SCRATCH (OPEN).—ReVit ISt A. B. Georg, Liverpool Harriers; 2nd C. H. Goble, Altrinchain ; 3rd G. Wright, Widnes F.C. Only four ran. 4 min. 41 1-5 sec. 120 YARDS HURDLE RACE (Northern Counties A.A. Championship).—lst Gdfrey Shaw London A.C. ; 2nd T. M. Nonovan, Edinburgh Uia. A.d. ; 3rd T. J. Gleave, West Cheshire Harriers. Only four ran. Time 16 1-5 sec.

ONE MILE BICYCLE RACE HANDICAP.—(Open). First heat W. Jackson, Widnes C.C. (155 yards) ; 2nd J. J. P. Galway, Chester C.C. (175 yards) ; 3m, A. Macferson, S. Liverpool C.C. (115 yards). Second heat Ist R. Houghton, Rainford C.C. (155 yards) 2nd R. W. Trow, Wolverhampton B.C. (115 yards); 3rd Walter Sherratt, Widnes C.C. (170 yards). Final :-Ist A. Macferson ; 2nd R. W. Trow ; 3rd J. J. P. Galway. lime 2 min. 353.5 sec. HALF-MILE FLAT RACE HANDICAP.—(Open). The entries for this event numbered 47. of whom 32 toed the line, thn winners being :-Ist Morrell, Salford Harriers, (42 yards) ; 2nd T. C. Orchardson, Sefton and Dingle, C.C.. (56 yards) ; 3nd J. F. Farrell, Sefton Harriers, (59 yards). 'lime 1 min. 58 1-5 sec. ONE MILE FLAT RACE HANDICAP.—(Open). This event brought out 27 competitors. Result Ist J. Mclntyre, Prescot (105 yards) ; 2nd, A. Looney, Douglas Harriers (113 yds) ; 3rd, Pat Shay, Liverppol, (137 yards). Time 4 min. 213-5 sec.

Too OF %VAR.—The deciding heat of this event be- tween the two Widnes Alkali teams resulted in a win for the team captained by P. Dawson, who defeated W. Brown's team.

(Wilt MR MILE FLAT RACE HANDICAP (opion).—This event was divided into four heats. First heat, Ist, H. Ward, Altrincham, (35 yards) ; 2nd, J. S. Craig, Levton stone F.C., (25 yards). Second heat : Ist, Charles Scott Prescot Harriers, (35 yards) ; 2nd, C. Bogan, Liverpool Harriers (32 yards). Third heat : Ist, E. Fowler, Crump- (3s yards), 2nd. E. J. Newall,Liverpool,(3o yards). Fourth heat: Ist, H, Peters, Widnes, (34 yards) ; J. Tuehrook F.C., (35 yards). Fins, : Ist, Charles Scott :2nd, E. J. Newall ; 3rd, C. Bugan. Time 50 1-5 seconds.

100 YAIMS FLAT RACE SCRATCH (open).—Result : Ist, C. A. Bradley, Huddersfield ; 2nd, E. Willilms, Widnes; 3rd, J. S. Craig, Leytonstone P.C. Time 10 1-5 seconds.

The privas Were -distributed to the successful competi- tors by Mrs. J. EL Edwards, of Liverpool, at the close of the sports. Selections of music were given by GOSSagPS' Soap Works Prize Band during the progress of the sports.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
MARRIAGE OF MR. W. P. RYLANDS, AND MISS N. DE ANGELIS.

The marriage of Mr. Wm. Peter Rylands,youngest son of the late Mr. Peter Rylands, M.P., and Miss Nora de Anglis, niece of Mr. W. H. Bleckly of Thelwall Lea, took place the other day at Coniston Parish Church. The weather was all that could be desired, and Coniston Lake and the surrounding hills were looking at their best. The bride was picturesquely attired in a gown of white serge. The skirt was plain, .and the bodice was cut like a short jacket, open to show a vest of white brocaded silk,with revers of the same material, and trimmed with large peatl buttons. She wore a becoming hat with ostrich feathers, and a beautiful necklet pendant and bracelet of pearls, the gifts of the bridegroom. She carried a splendid white bouquet. The bride was attended by two bridesmaids, her cousin, Miss Maud B sekly, and Miss Georgiana Rylands, sister of the bridegroom. The former wore a pretty light grey costume, with large hat and feathers to match, arid the latter Was attired in a white cashmere dress, .trimmed with pale green em- broidery and strait silk of the same shade, and wore a large white hat, with a green silk bow and white ostrich feathers. Miss Bleckly wore a gold padlock bracelet, and Miss G. Rylands, a gold hare breoch. and each carried a beautiful shower bouquet, composed of pink carnations, white loses, and stepanotis, all gifts from the bride- groom. Mr Eiward Williams, of Rochford House, Ten- bury, acted as best man, and Mr. W. H. Bleckly gave the bride away. The ceremony was performed by the Rev. T. Pym Williamson, vicar of Thelwall, assisted by the Rev.C. Chapman, vicar oh Caniston. After the ser- vice, the school children stlod on either side of the churchyard path and se stP.ered fl-iwers before the happy pair as they passed on to the carriage that was awaiting them. The villagers had killed a tine fox that same morning, and poor Reynard's body was hung up, head downwards, to one of the gateposts in the churchyard. This is evidently an old marriage custom in the aeigh- bourhood, and is supposed to bring good luck to the newly-wedded couple. The wedding party ti ten repaired to the Waterhead Hotel for luncheon, and the guests were principally relatives of the bride and bridegroom. Mrs. Peter Rylands WAS present, dressed in a handsome black satin costume trimmed with mauve brocade, and Mrs. Bleckly wore a black grenadine over white silk. Mr. and Mrs. W. P. Rylands, left at three o'clock to drive to Windermere, eis route for Scotland, where the honeymoon will be spent. The bride's travelling cos- tume consisted of a simple jacket and skirt of blue serge, and a black hat tastefully trimmed with roses. The wedding presents, which were on view at Thelwall Lea for seine days previously,were numerous and costly,and testified to the esteem in which Mr. and Mrs. W. I'. Itylands are held by their many friends.

RUPTURES. TRUSSES. WOODEND'S PATENT TRUSSES. Um; most comfortable truss ever invented. A. boon to wearers, !riving no spring at back. Sing!, 7s. 6d , Double 12s. Carriage paid. Send size in inches to J. WOODEND. Chemist. 22, Pitt-street, Liverpo3l.—Ado .

A man named Padabock can tell a story of queer re- verses of fortune. In 1828 he went to the Pacific Coast as a sailor, and there married the daughter of a Mexican rancher, from whom he received the ground that is now occupied as the site of San Francisco. Poverty overtook him, and he obtained admission to the poorhouse in that, city recently. Ile is 91 years of age.

TEETH , d.ily on the tooth tow dropt 01 ,OZODONT,

test dentifrice in the world.

-Jiver, Bile, . _implexiou, and Sick Headaches promptly : and cure them so as co stay cured. Chemists,

Cleanses the teeth and spaces between them as nothing also will. Sound and pearly white teeth, rosy lips, and fragrant breath ensured. Ask for SOZODONT.'‘ 2s. 6d.

CARTER'S LITTLE f 0410 LIVER PILLS. f7irti, ) Small Pill. BEAUTIFUL . • in, ',:abi, Small Dose. tor all who use )!! ' ' brush e VART A " ~.11 Pr"' •0,1.% ITTLE Forty ia a, IVER vial. i the plealsan, A Iv s Purely liege- . L.., d table: ' Cure Torpi,ll. • ;allow Coin.-' " Head'

===== 0002601_18940616_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON INFIIIMARY AND DISPENSAIZY.

THE DEFICIT: AN APPEAL FOR HELP.

A specially-convened meeting was held at the Infirmary, Kendrick-st.,ou Friday afternoon,for the purpose of devising the best scheme for raising the deficit of £1,200 which is at present owing on the extension account. Major Picicmere occupied the chair, and there were also present : Messrs. F. Monks, J.P., C.C., J. Fairclough.J.P., T. Birehall, J.P., Rev. H. V. Pigot, Drs. White, Fox, Richmond, and Bowden, Messrs. T. Morris, F.G.S., D. Fanshaw, J. Roberts, Thompson, Dakin (hon. treasurer), J. L. Tunstall (hon. sec.), and C. Lee (assistant secretary).—Mr. Tunstall referred to a letter he had received from Mr. E. J. Guest referring to the Board's decision at its previous meeting in reference to a workman named Pointer. The letter was as follows :—" Oak Mount, Helsby,26th May, 1894. J. L. Tunstall, Esq. • Dear Sir,—l am in receipt of your favour of the 25th inst., and regret the decision of the Board of Management aa I fear it will have a depressing effect on our men who are willing subscribers to thn Infirmary. It is true Pointer is in receipt 'if 21s. a week when in full work but he has been ill himself and his wages do not come in. If such men as he are not to reap any advan- age in times of sickness I fear a good deal of persuasion will be required to prevail upcn them to subscribe to the funds when they are well.—Yours faithfully, E. J. Guest." A long discussion took place as to the advis- ability of adhering to the rules of the institution as to the giving of free medical attendance. The rules as at present, were to the effect, that no person was entitled to free medical advice at the Infirmary, who received more than 153. per week for one person ; 16s. for two persons ; 21s. for three persons, arid so on at the same ratio. As the man in question was a single map, and (earning 21s. per week, the Board decided to adhere to the rules on the proposition of the t_ hairman. Mr. Thompson said he would move at a future meeting that the sum at which a person could obtain free medical attendance. should be raised to 183. per week for one person.—Mr. Dakin read the statrment of accounts of the Infirmary Extension Fund. The expenditure had been £5,479 14s. 7d. ; the subscriptions towards this amount, were £4,131 133. 2d., which with £Bl 53. 7d. bank interest left a balance owing to the bank on that account of £1,266 15s. 10d. 'The Secretary re id a letter from Mr. Parr, in which he offered £lOO towards the liquidation of the debt on condition that the balance was raised, Mrs. Beamont wrote stating that she would be willing to subscribe £lOO, and if necessary a further con- tribution of £lOO. She deprecated the idea cf having a bazaar in raising funds towards the deficit. Mr. Dakin said he had explained the position of affairs to Mr. John Crosfiefd, J.P., and that gentlemen had promised fa dona- tion of £lOO. Mr. J. R. fluckton al•z;) wrote stating that he was willing to subscribe £2O. Major Pickmere thought that the best mode of raising the amount re- quired would be for a deputation to beappoisted to wait personally on local manufacturPrs, and others to a.,k them to subscribe, He felt certain that the money re- quired would be raised. On the motion of Dr. White the following gentlemen were appointed a deputation : Major Pickmere, Messrs. J. Fairclough, Dakin, Tunstall and J. Roberts.

MEXICAN Cl7llll. KNOWN AS REV. JOSEPH HOLNIES' MEXI- CAN Prescrintien. is t,se only guaranteed Reme,ly for all those who suffer trom the error's youth, nervous weakness, exhausted vitolity. kidney. blad,ler, gravel. prost- ate and kindred complair.ts, and has stood the test for 20 years. Send a self-addressed stamped envelope to JosY.en IfoLNIEs Remedy Co., Bloomsbory Mansions, Bloomsbury Square, London, and get full particulars ot th:s great Remedy free of charge.

THB

“EXANIINER” STEAM PRINTING WORKS

BEIVSEY STREET. WAIIZINGIION.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

One Charge secures Insertion of the undermentioned Adv:sr bisemente in ALL the FIVE EXAMINEES. WANTEDS, ) TO DE LETS„. j 0 WORM, 6D., ON SALES, And 3d. for such succeediug 9 words.

One Three Six Words. Week. 'Weeks. Weeks. Os. 6d. ... is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. 27 Ss. 9d. ... is. 10d. ... 3s. 04. 36 ls. Ott. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. f 4. 45 is. 3d. ... 3s. 14. ... Sc. W. M is. 64. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6s. Od.

Aslvertisers of Sitnations Wanted, Situations Vacant, Apart- ments Wanted, Apartments to be Let, Partnerships Waet•eci, Mosey Wanted, Specific Articles for Sale by Private Contract. Miscellaneous Wants, Houses and other Premises to be Let no have thus the opportunity of WIDE PUBLICITY AT A CHEAP EA.TE. Advertisements received at any of the District Offices, or may be sent. to the Chief 011 ices, Warrington. Stamps reteired for amotnits tinder ss.

TEE E..Y.A.MINER SERIES

OF LANCASHIRE & CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPER

COUPRISES rrHE Trarrimpton 4- Mill-Cheshire Examiner, pub- lished Saturday morning. The district covered by the Paper comprises many populous maaufacturing towns and villages, and a large agricultural tract. THE Eariestown and Netapn Examiner,a-nd Ash-ton, Gos4borne, and Haydock I?Pporter, published Frichiv aftcumoon. The district is in the heart of the Lancashire coal field.

THE St.ffelens Examiner and Prespot Weekly News, published Friday afternoon. The district comprises the oentze of the Glass, Chemical, and Watch Trades of the King- dom. Le.

THE .Thincorn Examiner, published Friday after- noon. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district. and offers the hest and cheapest facilities to advertisers.

THE Widx:s Examiner, published Friday after- nnou. Widnes contains the largest number of Chernicat Works of any town in the kingdom, and is rapidly becoming an important centre of industry.

Auction, Education, Wanted, To be Let, On Sale, Legal Pu lc Meeting, Sermon, Lecture, Bazaar, and other Pubic Notiees, Advertisements (except Parliamentary) are inserted in all the :Ahern papers at one charge.

Bath a the above papers consists of 8 pages. 56 long and wide eolumns,each column admitting more matter than the columns of any other local paper—a fact deserving the atten tien of both advertisers and subscribers. Each Examiner, in tdclition to giving the local intelligence of the district, in which it circulates, contains the general news of the week.

Price of each Paper—ONE PENNY.

pitINTING, BOOKBINDING, AND LITHOGRAPHY,

SPECIALITY:

EN'ELOP ES

2s. PER 1,000.

A INS TAKING PRINTERS are now-a-days sought for bv business num who study real economy in announcements which they wish the pnblie to notice ; as well as by Friendly Societies, Trade Unions, Trading Associations and Companies, ia the careful production of Reports, Balance Sheets Ste. ; and by Musical Unions, Pastors, and Choir Conductors, for neatly and tastefully arranged

PROGRAMMES, BOOKS OP WORDS, WINDOW BILLS, PLACARDS, /Lc.

THE WARRINGTON EXAMINER, GENERAL PRINTING DEPARTMENT

Has an established reputation for giving Careful and Prompt Attention to the wants of all Customers; and its facilities for the production of Good Work of every kind—from the smallest typographic trifle te the biggest mural "Mammoth "—are available to the public, at prices which are strictly moderate. Care- less, inartistic, and slovenly printing is the bane of business men. They find it doesn't pay to have it— even at "the lowest tender."

USE " EXAMINER " WORKS, BEWSEY-STREET PROGRAMMES FOR BAZAARS. PROGRAMMES FOR SALES OF WORK, PROGRAMMES FOR BALLS. PROGRAMMES FOR CONVERSA.ZIONES PROGRAMMES FOR SOIREES. PROGRAMMES FOR CONCRRTS. PROGRAMMES FOR FETES, Ac.

GENERAL PRINTING oF EVERY DESCRIPTION Executed with Neatness and Despatch.

PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS,

PRINTING FOR LOCAL BOARDS.

PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIANS.

PRINTING FOR PUBLIC COMPANIES,

===== 0002601_18940616_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINTING FOR SCHOOL BOARDS.

PRINTING FOR CHURCHES,

===== 0002601_18940616_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINTING FOR CEIAPBLS

PRINTING FOR MANUFACTURERS.

pRINTING FOR SOLICITORS,

PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS. PRINTING FOR BANKS,

PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS,

PRINTING FOR MERCHANTS.

PRINTING FOR LOAN OFFICES,

PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES.

PRINTING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINTING FOR BUILDING SOCIETIES

PRINTING FOR CRICKET CLUBS.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN

Auctioneers' Sale Bills, Catalogues, Conditions of Sale Circulars, Pamphlets, Price Lists, Programmes for Concerts, Soirees, Balls, 143. ; Rules for Friendly, Building, sad- Co-operative Societies; Csicicet Club Rules, Time Sheets and B•oks, Note Headings, Memorundums,Work Notes, Bill Heads Business, Visiting, and Mourning Cards, Handbills, Aa. &dieters, licrohants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and others requiring Printing ef an description, are requested to give a

PLACARDS ANY SIZE OR COLOUR.

THE " LEVIATHAN " PLACARD,

Single Skeet, sft. 3in. by 3ft. 9in.

THE: LARGEST IN THE. DISTRICT. A AIONSTRE PLACARD may be formed by joining a, number of the" LEVIATHAN" SHEETS.

CONCERT PROGRAMMES,

'PICKETS, BOOKS OF WORDS, FOSTERS, ecc.

EXAMINER" STEAII PRINTING WORKS

BEWSEY STREET. WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0039.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
:

===== 0002601_18940616_art0040.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-11

===== 0002601_18940616_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebt " o,:aunna " ;tnnts.

OF LA...SCA-SHIRK AND CrIESRIRE COMITY NEWSPAPERS

Comprises -THE Warrington and Mid-CU:Aire Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday morning. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Friday afternoon ; and THE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday alterncon.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. wining under the following heads are inserted in ALL the above-mentioned Papers for ONE CHARGE, as per scale given below. SITUATI4;NS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET. SITUATIONS VACANT, PA RTNEIORIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS WA NTED, MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE B V PRIVATE CONTRACT,

MISCELLANEOUS WANTS, HOUVEEi AND OTHER PREMISES TO DE LET OR SOLD. . One Three Six Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18

27 36 45 54 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Adver- tisement inserted on credit under 2.q. per insertion.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
Boirteslir &r.

ENERAG SERVANT WANTED; family of three.— Apply, 79. Market-st.. Stalybridge.

WANTED, SERVANT, for Pnblic House, able to wash, *and • lain cook, WheTlt, Sheaf, WallgAe. Wignn.

WANTED. Goca General SERVANT about 24 ; ref,reces. —Mrs. SaAw, Retford House, Mwsbury-rd.. Leeds.

WANTFD. to adoot Baby or Chad a very hood home, Premium required.—Apply, J., 60. Chelmsfor.l-st., Lincoln.

YOUNG LADY rf,splirrs SITUATION as Mother's Help, where servant is kept. A., 4, Bamford-rd., Didsbury, Magcheiter.

WANTED,eSnldreyi wageslOti 22544 o SC r 7) K;r r (Ca h tboeri -II- et I 1 recomEdgehill, Liverpcol.

WANTED, good GENERAL, fon-1 of children. good home, wages ss. a week.—App!y, Mrs. WORTHINGTON. Elles- mere-st.. Tyldes.ley.

WANTIM COOK-GENERAL, farni;y 2. housemaid- waitress kept.—Apply Mrs. HERBERT LORD, Cliff Villas, Todmorden.

WANTED, SITUATION. E 3 Groom roachman, single ; three ears' go9d character ; age 25.—Addres I-1., The Elms. Capenhurst, Pear Chester.

COOK WANTBD, at once ; everything found ; no kitchen- maid ; four in family ; four indoor servants, wages £22. Miss WOOD, Orchardieigh, Ledb,ury.

WANTED, a GIRL, age &pout 18, who has some know- ledge of houmaid's work.—Apply, Mrs. CHANDLEr, Latchford. near Warrington.

WANreTre.ErDp,.,cHst.:UnS„Et 3,1,An,111)„. Ih2',skl7.dEaSr:sex. jiiersrielnyenediT.f,omd Westfield, Prestwich Park, Manchester.

yvANTED, trustwortliy GENERAL, good lawirlre3s, plain cook, early riser. Wag's £ll. Housemaid kept.— Address. 8, Church-st.. Edge Hill, Liverpool.

SERVANTS with good characters in want of situations, and ladies requiring good servants, writs or call MILLER 'CENTRAL A6ENCY, No. 1, Market Pace, Otley.

ANTAl\k—errF, D thorought, go 4 wages. G E ft,AOT.,n f oSrit?byeAhNol: e o tIsA mr ;I,ds with reference, Mrs BRIDGE, A,lll:l3dS, Site.

yrANTED. a pool plan COOK for country Rectcrw, srna!i V family, btking. and help with whing, good wages. —Mrs. BEARDMORE, Mawdesley Rectory, ()musk irk, Lanca- shire.

GENERAL SHEWANT, good WANTED, three in family, afsistance givn ; platn coing ; all 4ottud 13,1; beer, 'age g £l6 to commence. Man kept.--Onalow House, Castel - man. Barnes, ;.tn•rey.

YOUNG man. age 25. seesa StTI:ATION as Coachman. able to driv single or pair. niarritd when suitel.7-- Addy at, A. 13c.,,sELt., 1, Pelham Mews, Portobello Road, illytwater, Lon' t .11 W.

WAISTED. SITUATION As Cott,lnn-in, or Groom-CO(l,li- man ; can v.let or wait, 29, mArriel ; no family ; single or pair ; wiling awl oblging, excellent references.— COACIIMAN, Bpring3l ,e, Todmord,-x.

LI UATION WANIED, AT ONCE. by Widow (27), as 1.3 Housekeeper to gentleman, or any pace of trufft ; abstainer; references and good chiraeter.—Please address, Mrs. LYMPRIERE, W. Gllgal, Steuri.ort, Woree.itershire.

\IALB and FEMALE NURSES INSTITUTION, 70, A. Hope-et., Liverpool. Estab. IS7.—For relkble. Attendants. Mental, Medical. end Monthly Niirsee, Massage, spelv or telegraph. '• Nurses.- Liverpool. ' Plephone. 57V.

(.2EASIDE—IsIe- of Man. Charming cluntry Residence ; ki splendidly situated ; rent low.—'• MONA." Courier " Office, Ramsey.

A GENTS WANTED to push first-class Machinery OILS. tt Liberal Commission—Box 22. Post Office. Liverpool.

YNTANTED," Sunlight, " Sip Coupons ; 15.60-100 given.— VT —Mr. WILMOT. 12, Buckley-square, Arclwick, Man- chester.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
Co iv Let.

W

'ARRINGTON, 13 Paul-st.. good HOUSE, reduced rent EIC.

PAUL STRT, corner MOUSE. four bedroom, niiilltabl &c., £2l.

909 BUTTERMARKET STRII;ET, Lockup SHOP, £35. .99s

249 BUTTRRMARKIi STRRi3T, SHOP with HOUSR.

HORSEMARKNT STREET, corner of Lyme-cit.—Finest Corner SHOP in Warrington.

...4OLD CROW YARD. Market Gate, 3 storey.

-ARBROUSI::, it Plumber, Painter, Joiner, Ae.. £l5.

_MARKET GATE. finest suite of OFFICSS in town, on firtt floor.

ARKET PLACE, capital snits of OFFICES, three 1. rooms, £.15.

-RANK STRUT. OFFICkS, £5 ft room.

pENKETH, Svui-detachtd COTTAGS and GARDEN,£I3.

PENKETII. Several COTTAGES, Als. 91., 4. 34., 3s 94., and 2s. 64. per week.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
THELWALL, capital Furni4l€ll hESIDENCE. wit grounds, stabling, Ic.

Apply, ROBERT Lowr,.. iiitite Agent, Market Gate Chambers Warrington. Telephone—SO. 55.

GOOD Beer and Wine House.—Apply. C. littowx, 181, York-st., Hulme, Manchester. lite Agente.

110 LIia.—WAREHOUSIt and YARD, Orforti-st.—Apply ASHTON and WOODS, Solicitors, tioseemarket-street, 'Warrington.

•rtio LET, good house, off Bewsey-rd., six rooms, rent 4e. 6d. AanfON and WOODS, SOliCitOtS, Horaemarket-st., Warriugton.

AHOUSE. to be MIT. Leigh Villas. Knntsforci-roasl. Graf penliall -;# four bedroonee ; rent £ll.—Apply J. LDRED.

CAPITAL SHOP and Dwelling-house TO LET, ventral; suit florist and Greengrueer.--Apply. Titus. COWDELL, 1, Mill-A., Wan ington.

THE WARRINGTON SLATE COMPANY, LTD (Late John Numaeriey and Co., Ltd..). BUILDERS' I.fIRRCHANTS. ARPLY STATION, WARRINGTON, NELINHELI. PENIIIIYN. AND CARNARVON SLATES. CEMENT, LIME, DRAIN PIPES, FIRE BRICKS, TILES. and every other kind of guilders' Materials kept in stock at our Arpley Wharf, or sent by road. rail, or veLksel to any Town or Port in the United Kingdom. -SOLE AG SNTS for the RUGBY PORTLAND CEMENT CO. letephone No. 19. Twltzraphic Act,Art,.. " Arplev." V

DAY, SON, AND HEWITT'S

" ORIGINAL" AND CELEBRATED

LAMBING AND k. JALVIN REMEDIES. THE CHEMICAL EXTRACT. . Far AnAntiag,after CAlving au d Lambing. Pe.,r Strienine Preventlig Gangrene. Foe ail Sores. Wotinds, and Swolien Udders. For bore Throats, Stfltins, anti Rheumatism. Price 23. 64., Ss. 64., and 7s. peo Bottle. THE BED DRENCH. For C'eaning after Lambing and Calving. For Hiie-bound, Rd Water, and Yelows, For Chills. Fevers, anti I on of Cud. For Prev,nting Milk Ftvers an, Quarter Pried 33. 64. per doz. (Ewes); 13s. per doz. (Cows). THE GASEOUS FLUID. Cures General Debility in Sl.ook. Cures Low Condiloa. and Hoven or Blown Cures S our, cr Diaz, lava. and Colic, or Gripes. Cures Coughs, Co:cls. and Lose t.f Appetite. Prica le. 9d. ye: bottl.. ; 205.p..r doz . THE . GASSODITNE. Used RS Laud uum for Deviating Pain. For Severe DisiTtirot alto Iniluenz.t. For Porting la Mid Irorning and Calvin... For Intl rmrnat ory Col:can-tau:lg Disorders. Prica 3s. 64. Per bottle.

SPB:IAL LAMBING AND CALVING CllßiTq. with " FirtHtEur." eomplete.E3 3% and £1 carriage. paid, PA:VIPELLKT ON LA MS- Am) Catvn G HIS ?hDERF, by Mr. T. G. Hewitt. London, On.tia itnd pDat free.

ROYAL ANIMAL MEDICINE MANUFACTORY. 2, DORSET-STREET, LONDON, W.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
QOUTH SHOWI4.—APARTMENTS, plivate or public; 0 Board ii required ; bah, piano. &u., peasant outloolc from every window; magnificent public loom, commanding a fine view of the country: viai,ori will be delighted with my new premises.— 111Y8. WM.. OPPNSRAW, confectioner, Station Terrace, directly oppotite South thore Station.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
- _ _- - __ _- , -. _______- - - -__ ... - . -- , .__ ___- , . , . , - . - ------a-. --- -----..- -..-- -r - __— --. --_ . _ - .''`' ' ' - '-7 - :•._ -, .- , . . - ' ...,..- --' .. - - .r. ' -.a '- ~, ...,..-- - -- -.- ...- Orr

Zvartnientc.,',Jfunitc.tel3 il/0u5t5,&1

OCARBOP.OUGH.—SWIFT'S Private Hotel rtild BoardingHouse.—JoN B. SWIFT, Proprietor.

AMSEY, Isle of Man.—tinion lintel, family and C,A7n- merciul ; good stabling ; daily tariff. 6s.

R.AMSEY, Isle of Man.--10, Windsor-road. Let Furnished P-PARTMENTS or .Eoard.—Mrs. CORLETT.

T ANNES-ON-THE-S .—Superior APARTMENTS.. Li Miss STEVENSON. Riversleigh, South Drive.

AMSEY. ISLE OF MAN.—N, ar !ea, CG. We.erloo-road, _1 it to LET Furnished, 2 entertaining. 4 bedrocuns.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
FURNISHED APARTMENTS TO BE LET in farmhouse, —Apply Ms CLARK", Horace Farm, lilverstian.

BLACKPOOL.—Park House, Claremont Part. facing t] sea; baths, billiards.—TAßlFF on application.

RAMSEY. Isle of Man.—Westridge. Wat€ rlao-,1., near sea. Private APARTNIENTS, piano.—Mrs. STOREY.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
AMSEY, ISLE OF MAN.—Mrs. KNEALE. 2A. Coburg- roa,,i, APARTMENTS near sea, park, golf links.

RAMSkY, Isle of Man.—MATTHEW'S Temperance Ho.el. B3ard and Lodginzs 45. 61. per day ; go,:xl Piano.

][tAMSEY. Isle or Man.—Beach View, Mooragh Park, Private and Select APAILTMENTS.—Mrs. PEASE.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
JYTHAM. Pleasant APARTMENTS near the station ; A moderate terms.—Mrs. HUNT, 16, Cleveland Road.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
DOUGLAS. ISLB OF MAN.—Holyrool 8011-ding. House; terms, ss. per day—Mrs. FLEMING, 51, Promenade.

APAMMENTS, for too respectable young men. with or without board.—Apply 97, Pitch:ate-lane. Warrington.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
rpoßQUAY.—Furnished APAitTMENTS, with or without board ; overrooking the sea; YGrkshire references ; moderate ternis.--28, Victoria Parade.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAINIINETI, SATURDAY R JUNE 16. 1894.

capartmentsJurittslgb .D3usrs, Sr.

Oalts bp Vribat? Erna).

===== 0002601_18940616_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
&ales Vreoate Erratp.

SUNLIGHT SOAP WRAPPERS WANTED ; state number and price.—Fred. TAYLOR, 19, Allen-st., Warringtoti.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
rro B 1 SOI.D cli. Email MILK FLOAT. good Pony 1 TRAP, light GIG.—CoLLINs and Sox, Water-st., lltm- corn.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
'S REAL RHEUMATIC CURTI

D'OUGLN

Is the ()Ply safe and Gout. The Real taken internally. troys and drives

the niorbici and which exetes awi pains and inflam- associated in an matism, whether never known to fever.-24 0311ute-

1 true remedy for Rheumatic, Sciatic, and tematin enr6 is a liqui i medicine to be It speedily (14-g- -out ot the sys.em

REAL PCIF.U.MATIO CURE.

gout 3 matter produces all the ations which are attack of risen- acute or chronic. fail In Rheumatic street, Preston,

..15et;r Sir.. my daughter was atilieted for two years with then: matisnrtiot was attended by three doctors and given up in- curable. The day before taking your medicine site faince4 for want of aopetite and lo,s of sleep. After taking two bottles of your Real lthewnatic Cure, she was restored to health. Yours faithfully, Mrs. Hoskinson. Witness to this Cure, itev..lo,eph D.Sexton, The Bugli6ll Martyrs. Preston. Other testimonials sent free. The Real Rheizmatic Curels sold by all Chemists throughout the United Kingdom at 2s. Pd. per bottle, or post free with lull directions. 33 stamps from the Proprietors DOUGLAS AND o°., 24, GRI3!SHAW-2T., BURNLEY.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
TO BE SOLD at once, a stylish Wet-end Victoria ; only _l_ used three weeks.—Apply 53, Parkfield-rd:, Liverpool.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
_lllll —TULI/S. WOOD HUI{DLHS.--(1. M. JONF:4, 11. Victoria Bridge, oivosite the Old Church,,late 40, Dertnsgate.

V EAST, YHAS YE.A.b..r.— Wholesale Depot ; all Brands; establislitsi 1848.—G. M. JONBS, 11, Victoria Bridge, Manchester.

XTINES AND SPIRITS. Cheapest in Manchester, coality I coatlcicrod.—Q.ll. J 0E1;4, 11, Victoria Dr.age.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
ILOTIt CLIPPINGS and ItEMNANTS.--A. large quan, of Cloth Clippings and Remnants from new p:eee goc.its, for rug making, Sce., on Sale; 3d. per plum& best selected, 4. Make your rugs from new clippings and so avoid the possi- bility of infection through using old stuff. Carriage paid ati, all orders of 10s. and upwards. Special terms to Wholesale Dealers. The Manufacturer's Clippings and Itemnanli Co., 25 awl 26, 5. pr.:llg garde:l:z, Wizaa.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
ipaleg bp Vribatt treat,

===== 0002601_18940616_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
By Mr. WILLIAM REID.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
sTarbtiterp, en Ode.

OBALE.Horlasontal ENGINE, seven horse power, governors and pump; in goad order.—Appljr, JOOl4 RADCLIFFE, Burscough.

10n MACHINE TOOLS. comprising LATHES, DRILLS. V PLANERS, SHAPERS, ENGINES. STEANI HAMMERS, MILLING MACHINE, PUNCHING and BENDING MACHINES, ac., ready--For list apply SC'orr BROS., Halifax.

BUTTERWORTH'S, the Old Firm; established 1843. Steam Engines, Boilers, Hammers, Lathes, Tools, Gas Engines, Hot-air Engines (the best small motor), Dynamos,. Electric Motors. —WM. BUTTERWORT and SON, Slowrooros. King-st., West, Mgnchester.

BIRMINGHAM COMPRESSED AIR CO.'S PLANT.— Three Sets of Triple Expansion Air Compressing Engines. Whole or part for immediate disposal. To be seen on Premises, Artillery-street, Garrison-lane; or HuNir and MaToN, Oozells-street North, Birmingham.

WE LET STONE-BREAKERS, all types, with Steel or Iron Frames; also MORTAR MILLS, CON- CRETE MIXERS, STEAM WINCH. HOISTS, PUMPS,' STEAM CRANES, and PORTAIILE ENGINES en Hire wit' option of purchase. New and second-hand, ready for de- livery,—S. MASON and Co., Brandon-st.. Leicester.

T. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS LIMITED (late Ormercd' Grierson, and Co. Limited), Hahne, Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT' TERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST' INGS, Millwright, and all kinds of Engineeeing yfori.c prdmptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns en aPPII. eation.—Telephone 229.

ENGINES and BOILERS, Punching, Boring, Slotting, alla Drilling Machines, Stamp Presses. Vices, Bellows* Forges, Lathes, Shafting. Pulleys, and Carriages, Vico. Hammers. Mill-banding, Weighing Machines; Pulley' Blocks, Portable Engin- s, Mortar Mills, Saw-benches, Capstans, Lathes, new and second-hand.—Cnint. PuaDEN. City Machine Broker, Largest Machinery ,Stores tbe Midlands, Lancaster-streeet, Birmingham.

IDArENT OFFICE: B. K. DUTTON AND CO," CHARTERED PATENT AGENTS aud-CCNSULTINX ENGINEERS, 5, JOHN DALTON-STREET, MANCHESTEI' E. K. D. & Co. are Practical Engineers as well as Patent Law Experts, and are therefore able to give reliable adv!ce upon the Workable as well as the Patentable nature of an vention. Circular of Information sent gratis. Established 30 year' N. Telephone 752. Telegrams Dotus, Manchester.

PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BRISTOL. Have in Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particulars on application.

, 4' ir• ?owl Cern 11, wheat 109• y , gs 7s. 6d, • 2001os. each, P 000; .. 6d; cwt ;Pig Meal. £3 108. .'oultry and Pig Food Com ghst I' I :t Cheapest. and best. f-3il• ;t. ; calcined oyster shells us' ti• tes .:rfeet meal best in market (ses_Aav cwt. CAsh with order. All esrbo,, RS 3d. Poultry Grit and Mao yabe/ owing Pens :—Single pnd 1 and Silver Wyandottes.Light 13raP7roo ,gs : Dark Prahmas. liouduns, brovit 'dr ngshanks, Plymouth Pocks. blue 000 ,orcas. Golden Pencilled Hamburg's*, .ck Bed, 3s. 6d. per Sitting 13 Eggs ;Avies" ens. Black Hose•combed Bantams re' 2s. 6d. All Untertile Eggs ,replacedl.„' Paid. All the atuve have been mated Aoce e of thi best yar,4B in England t_oP,l9-140 Inspection invited. Established Ibnitto on Sundays.—Jo UN EDMONDSON, °- near St. Helens. Yard of..en on Holidays' e gloarv. toe 300 n At from 4 per cent. (trtfst and li'ege: if money) to be Advanced on arMO.,!. it of Deeds, in sums to suit borrowers. in ,7.,,00r mar v.—J. W. HEADER, 5, Cook-street, Liverr- . 5,182. ,nd in sums of £lO to £5OO at, 'O-ce• ty terms to suit 13,rrowers convefl',.eileP pp ieation forms and terms givell,tet, IlinLow. 41, liuke-st., Saow'r I.ND BE CONVINCED. 1, heetham Hill Road, Maneheste...ma or, 'NANCE LOANS from E 5 0 seholders, Tradesmen. Farr le ne or Sureties. at the following 0 3PAID 212 1° £lBl5 o ...... £25 04, £37 ~1,2,1,10' lorti on. ALL AD Distanceo wno House. a journey. Farrier de ,r office can possibli obj object. • or I;

===== 0002601_18940616_art0062.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I L'

===== 0002601_18940616_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
. , , • , • , , • ; i 1 , 1 , , 1 1 2 1 . • 1 1: , ~ . . , I : 4 .. • 1 I i # ~ . ‘ : 1 ' . : , . t“ . ..,, , 4 I ' ir , : 1 ' 1 f 1. 1 .1 , I • : s , 3 , 7 , , i 'l. ' . it

===== 0002601_18940616_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
Ztrprits, Ea.sstnettes, &r.

RUDGE CYCLE CO., LIMITED. TRH OLDEST AND LARGEST CYCLE FIRM

STILL LEADS. ERST WORKMANSHIP. BEST MATERIALS. BEST STRENGTH. The Machine for 1E94 is the 6-1) itUDGE."

°R easy payment system or good cash discount. See our new cut line PNEUMATIC at -212 12s. NET CASH. RUDOE CYCLE CO., LIMITED, 101, BOLD-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

IMPORTANT to CYCLISTS.—Make your own LarnP Oil at Inlf-price, brilliant, smokeless.—Recipe "Veil stamps B 'RD Park-st., Wisbech.

SAFETIES!! SAFETIES!! CHEAPER THAN EVER. /11sT!5t Wonderfnl Bargains evtr offered. 1,000 Machines, tlary and Second-hand, in stock; Single Machines at Whole- 'e Price. 50 per cent, cheaper than other makers. Write at -4Ce for large List, post free, from W. R. WARRILOW, ..______Regent-street Safety Works, Weston-super-Mare.

JAX CYCLES.—Prices £3 to £2s.—Pneumatic and Cushion SAFETIES and TRICYCLES in great ~,._rletY• All interested in Cycles should write for our 200 Lists for 1894 of over 1,000 New and Seeond-hand 4,-r!sumatic, Cushion, and Solid-tyre Safeties. Bicycles, and Pcycles, and about 5.000 unsolicited testimonials pot free, rrge. discount for cash, or easy terms from 10s. per month. actams sent Carriage paid, to purchaser's address. BRITISH CYCLE MANUFACTURING COMPANY. 45, EVERTON ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

PRANKENBURG'S INFORMATION IS WORTH , RAVING !—The Cycling Public don't know yet whcre 15 get splendid Machines at 25 per cent. less, Accessories at Per cent. less. Cycle Capes at 20 per cent. less, Cushion rtYres at 25 per ceneless. General Repairs wore reliable and h-tie:Per. Replating superior and more durable. Saxe time 4101"ley by callin, or writting to ~ • Indiarubb-r and Macintosh Warehouse, 16C-162, STRETFORD-ROAD. MANCHESTER.

CYCLES! CYCLES ! ! CYCLES !! !

GARLAND, IRONMONGER. WARRINGTON. SOLE AGENT FOR STANDARD MAKES. 'EMIR. EXCELSIOR. NEW RAPID, SUNBEAM and

EXPRESS CYCLES. LARGEST CASH DISCOUNT. LOWEST PRICES. SEE WINDOWS. REPAIRS.

T 147 OLD-ESTABLk:HED BASSINETTE WAREHOUSE. e eware of spurious imitations. The best and cheapest 4rriages in the town or district. (No connection with any firmhe ASHTON, 74, Sankev-st., Warrington, mann- • facturer of Bath Chairs, Ba.ssinettes. Rustic Carri- -ses of the best materials and workmanship, on the t*,enlises.. under personal supervision. 'Vell-finished Bassinettes from 255., warranted to run raeight. Mail Carts, Tricycle Horses, Doll Carriages, Itc. 11,2,..nt for Sewing Machines, Wringing and Washing Machines. __"°llli.S :—BEAMONT-STREET.

J TH E --- GRIFFITH'S CYCLE C o,v ORPORATION

LIMITED.

411 CASTLE-STREET, LIVERPOOL. HAVE 200 CYCLES by Noted Makers in STOCK. L4DIES' SAFETIES, ROADSTERS, ROAD RACERS, TANDEMS AND TRICYCLES PRECES FROM £lO 10s. UPWARDS. Cycles hired by week, month or season. REPAIRS, SUNDRIES. RALEIGHS, TRIUMPHS, NEV RAPIDS, RAGLANS, SPARKBROOKS. TRENTS, It. & P.s &0., &c. 6-5 A-NEHMATIC LIVERPOOL" TELEPHONE No. 5860.

SLADE AND CO.'S CYCLES.

TIIE ORIEL SAFETY,

ROADSTER or RACER

fitted with all up-to-date Improvements. Weight of Roadster 351bs. Racer 301bs. with

PNEUMATIC TYRES.

PRICE £l2. 12D. OD.

CUSHION TYRES £8 10s. 73, BOLD-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

CYCLES! CYCLES ! ! CYCLES! ! ! INTENDING BUYERS Will do well to INSPECT our IEW STOCK OF FIRST-CLASS MACHINES.

• PNEUMATICS FROM £8 TO £2O RUMMERS, ROTH WELLS, CHAMPIONS, MONAS, PRIMAS AND ROBIN HOODS NOTE THE ADDRESS :- LANCASHIRE CYCLE COMPANY. 2, GREAT GEORGE-ST. LIVERPOOL. 0. KEMPSEY, Manager.

WHAT may be regarded as a The Ship Canal counterblast to the statement of Again, Sir JOHN HARWOOD, with regard to the finances and general position of the Ship Canal, has been issued in the form of a report by Mr. J. K. BYTHELL, chairman of the Traffic and Rates Committee. There appears to be a pretty general opinion—in the Manchester direction at all events—that Sir JOHN HARWOOD has taken a far too pessimistic view of the prospects of the Canal. It is argued, and reasonably, that it is a long way too soon yet to declare the Canal a failure. Mr. BYTHELL'S report will, on Vie whole, strengthen this feeling. He points out that the Suez Canal was open five years before there was any large development of traffic, and this, indeed, has been the fortune of many other large and costly under- takings which are now considered to be very pro- fitable investments. The report deals mainly with three important points, namely, the traffic on the Canal since it was opened;the circumstances which have retarded the development of that traffic; and the prospects of improvement in the future. With regard to the first point, which is one upon which much public interest has been centred for some months past, Mr. BYTHELL says : The traffic on the Ship Canal for the five months ending May was as follows : Tons. Merchandise in seagoing vessel. 211,915 —23,888 Merchandise in barges 63,785...... 919 Ships dues Passengers (323,056) 3,469 Cattle (979) 5O

Total revenue from t9lls and dues

As regards working expenses, it may be said- broadly that the revenue for the five nionths will. more' than cover (1) all the expenses connected with. the traffic, including wages, salaries,and stores ;, (2) rates, (3) a pull proportion of head office expenses during the same period. Maintenanle is not in-' eluded ; until the works axe more complete I take it that all outlay on works will be a charge against capital.

This part of the report is, on the whole, more favourable than many people had anticipated, though of course, if the Canal is to be a commer- cial success there must be a 'great improvement in the future. With regard to the causes that have delayed the,developtnent of traffic, it is pointed out amongst other things that traders had.. been. sceptical as to whether the Canal would really be open at the beginning of the year, and had, con- sequently, .not made their shipping engagements ,with that event in view ; that dock appliances have been in an unfinished state;that abattoirs are needed for the American trade, cold storage for the products of Australia and New Zealand, and oil, tanks and large Warehouses for mineral oil and grain imports; and that merchants make their arrangements so far ahead that, for i•Astance, last seteion's cotton crop had been dealt with before ',the Canal was open for traffic, while another export season will not open till September next. The greatest difficulty of all has, however, been found in dealing with :the railway companies. 'These companies seem to still display that hostil-. ity to the Ganal which was so evident in the

-

===== 0002601_18940616_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
CDttratton.

14 Pl' e

CASTLE lIOUSE, HIGH SCHOOL FOR GIRLS, GRRAT MAT VERN. One VACANCY for a Boarder. _---13131-v, for particulars to PRINCIPAL, as above.

VI7"ESS COLLEGE, MORECAMBE, High-class Lite School. for Boys.—Principal : J. WALTER NuTTALL, B.Se.2—Next term commences May 8.

VICTORIA COLLEGE, CONGLETON, Cheshire. sPacious grounds, perfect sanitation ; mod, rn appli- ' l'ees per term £l2.—Auplv S. JACKON, M.A.

scHooL,miF.LCHET HOUSE, LYTHAM. iwe --Inclusive terms, special for clergy, references to u_Lnts, vacancy (M for article.' pupil.—Principals, the Misses iss. S. Halket,L.L.A.)

4°llE SCHOOL for YOUNG LADIES. Every plio comfort, careful training, first-nee pressor, &acorn- dritilr"tits, all examinations, good house, kellthy so Lurb, L. tennis.&c.—Misses LAMB, Grove Park. Lee. S. E.

MR• PRANK NV. REYNOLDS, 8.A., TEACHER OF THE PIANOFORTE. VICTORIA LODGE. BUXTON. L'artietthrs as to terms, Ste., rw.y be obtained from Mr. R. U. Pearson. Bold-street. Warrington, or from Victoria Lodge.

W ELLINGTON CO LL KG E, WELLINGTON, 1111-OPENED IN JANUARY FOR BOARDERS.

most romnlete Private School Premises in the Mid- R;. Splendid situation. een Masters. Eight of whom are Resident. rrospectus on application to the Principal, Mr. J. BAYLEY.

‘. - KEATING'S POWDER." Kills Fleas, Bags, Moths, Beetles.

4-1 EATIN G'S PO W D Kills Fleas, Bugs, Maths, Beetles.

_ • -,"; . • •`.' •

===== 0002601_18940616_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
, THE EX MINE S 11,1/1 Y, . JUNE 16 1894.

RUNCORN BOWLING CLUB.

A bowling match between the Runcorn Bowling Club and a team representing Verdin Park, NOrthwich, took place on Wednesday afternoon, at the Bridge Inn, Run- corn. The result of the encounter was that Buncorn's total score in the 'single's" was 205 out of a possible 210, whilst in the "double's" they scored 102 out of a possible 105. The scores of their opponents were 94 in the singles and 48 in the doubles, thus leaving Runcorn in possession of a splendid victory.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
Ivarious Parliamentary inquiries. As Mr. BYTHELL says, "Until the railway companies agree to frame their rates for the Manchester dock traffic on sub- stantially the same basis as those in force at the other ports in competition with Manchester, the Ship Canal cannot get any of the traffic of the surrounding towns—cannot become a distributing centre." A hope is expressed that the railway companies will come to terms, but if they do not an appeal will be made to the Railway Com- missioners. This is a difficulty which will, undoubtedly, be overcome. The railway com- panies are powerful corporations, but they are not aibpowerful, and the forces, commercial and , political, which can be exercised on behalf of the canal are too influential to permit of the " boycot " being permanently maintained. With regard to the prospects of the Canal, Mr. BYTHELL points out that steps are being taken, partly icy the Canal Company, partly by the Manchester Corporation, and partly by private enterprise,to provide the equipment that is neces- sary. The Manchester Corporation will erect lairages at Mode Wheel and provide cold storage for imported beef and mutton ; and amongst pri- vate enterprises which will bring grist to the Canal Company, the, intention of the Whole- sale Co-operative Society to build wapworks at Irlam, and of RICHARD EVANS AND COMPANY, LIMITED,tO construct a coal port at Acton Grange are mentioned. In conclusion, Mr. BYTHELL assures us that the difficulties that have been met with " were not by any means unexpected, and they can be removed within reaso-• able time, but it is not to be expected that Manchester can attain the position of a second Liverpool in a few months' time, before even the Canal is completed to its full depth." ,

. IN several respects, New Zealand Women Voters.seems to be the most advanced of

English speaking communities This week we have had two meetings in Warring- ton which aptly illustrate the prominent position which women are now taking and the influence they exert in political and temperance questions. But in this country they are still under many dis- abilities as compared with men. In New Zealand they exercise equal political rights with their brothers and their husbands. The results of the .extension of the franchise to women in the Anti- podean colony are interesting and instructive. As Mrs. STEWART BROWN remarked at the meeting of the Warrington Women's Liberal Association on the opinion is often expressed that if women were given the vote they would vote Conserva- tive, but this opinion is not supported by the ex- periences of New Zealand. At the first general election after the extension of the franchise a thoroughly Radical government was returned with a large majority behind it. On temperance, too, a crucial question there as it is here, the women voters have thrown their influence on the side of the reformers. A Local Veto Bill, under another name, is in force in New Zealand, and re- cently a poll has been taken in all the electoral districts to decide whether public houses should be closed altogether, reduced in number, or left as they were. The result, accord- ing to the latest information, is a great victory for temperance. In some of the districts total pro- hibition has been voted, although a majority of three-fifths was required for the purpose, and in most of the other districts the number of licenses has been 'reduced by twenty-five per cent.

LOCAL NEWS.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARIES AT WIDNES.

On Sunday the anniversary in connection with the Deacon-road Baptist Sunday School was celebrated. In the morning and evening sermons were preached by the Rev. G. Davies, D.D.. principal of Bangor College, and in the afternoon an address to scholars, teachers and friends was given. Speciol hymns were sung at each service.—The anniversary in connection with Stewards- lane Wesleyan Sunday School, Ditton, was also cel,.- brated on Sunday. Special sermons were preached morning and evening and in the aft.rnnon a service of song was admirably rendered by the choir.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RAMBLING CLUB.

About thirty-two members of the Ramblin!, Club con- nected with the Brunswick Sunday S3hool,Runcorn,had their third excursion this season on Saturday afternoon, their destination being Lymtn.- They started from Brunswick-st. at about two o'clock in wagonettes, sup- plied by Messrs. Booth and Sons,Bridge-st. On arriving' at their journey's end an excellent tea was partaken of, after which the party proceeded to visit the most in- teresting places. Having thoroughly enjoyed themselves they at length returned home, which was reached at half-past nine. RUNCORN CYCLISTS: A SPIN TO NEWTON„

The Wednesday wheelmen connected with the Runcorn Cycling Club had another pleasant run on Wednesday, when they had a most enjoyable spin to Newton. The outward journey being completed, they indulged in a flame of bowls at the Oak Tree Hotel whilst tea was being prepared. At the conclusion of tea an imprompnt concert was given by the members in excellent style, after which an hour was spent on the lake, this item of the programme proving I;4y refreshing. rhe homeward run was shortly afterwards commenced, the distance being covered in nice time.

ANNIVERSARY OF THE BRUNSWICK WESLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL, RUNCORN.

By reference to our advertising columns it will be seen that the anniversary services in connection with the above school will take place on Sunday morning,' and evening next, in the St. Paul's Wesleyan Chapel, Run- corn, when eloquent sermons will he preached by the W. L. Watkinson, of London.. On Monday evening public meeting will be held, when the rev. gentleman alreadyßev. named, and Mr. John Simpson, will deliver addresses on Sunday school work. It is hoped that the attendances will b., large, and that the appeals for sup- port will be liberally responded to.

RUNCORN OCCASIONAL POLICE CASES.

On Wednesday morning before Mr. F. J. Norman, at the Runcorn Police Court, Samuel Je,ffs, labourer, of Kinnsley, was charged with being drunk and disorderly ira High-st., Runcorn, on the night of the 12th inst.— Evidence in support of the charge was given by P.C. Gregory.—Defendant denied being drunk, and on being questioned said he had only had four pints of beer that day, which he considered would not make him into:gi- eated, inasmuch as it required about thirty pints to pro- duce that effect. (Laughter.) Defendant was fined 10.3. and costs, or 14 days' imprisonment.—At the &amp Courthouse on Thursday morning, before Messrs. P. Speakman, C.C., and S. Taylor, Katherine MeConn, re- siding in Water-st., was sentenced to 14 days' without, the option of a line, for being drunk and disorderly in Water-st., Runcorn, on the night of the 13th inst.

RUNCORN BOATING CLUB.

_ Mr. E. H. Kniveton presided over the general tneeting of the Runcorn Boating Club, which was held on Friday evening at the Cocoa Rooms, for the election of officers forming rules, Sc.c. There was a good attendance of members, and the proceedings were fairly enthusiastic. Mr. Fred Abel was elected captain: Mr. J. H, West, sub-capta'n ; secretary and treasurer, Mr. W. A. Ma- linger. The following gentlemen were appointed a com- mittee :—Messrs. E. McNorton, Eric Speakman, J. S. Smith, D. Coventry, and E. H. Kniveton, A code of rules was drawn up and agreed to. The members resolved that a wooden boathouse on the banks of the Weaver Canal, Rock Savage, be constructed. It was stated that having bought two boats there was a balance of £5 in hand. Mr. Smith who had served as secretary and treasurer pro tent was thanked for his services, and the meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the chair- man.

COLLIER'S sell the best quality goods at lovist possible prices.--Adet. ,

HOLY TRINITY BAND OF HOPE, RUNCORN.

An entertainment which afforded much amusement to a large audience, and which won considerable apprecia- tion, was given on Wednesday evening by the members of the above society in the Holy Trinity Girls' school. Mrs. C. A. Timmins, of" Rocktield " Runcorn, who was introduced by Mr. Westbrook. occupied the chair, she having come specially from Stoke to keep the appoint- ment. Snort and pithy speeches were delivered by the two persons already named, at the conclusion of which the entertainment was given. The programme consisted first of an operetta entitled " The Old woman who lived in a shoe." and secondly of songs, &c. The various per- formances of the children wtre exceedingly creditable and worthy of praise. The proceedings, which wore in aid of the Band of fl.pe funds, terminated with the usual vote of thanks to the principals.

SUDDEN DEATH OF A CHILD AT RUNCORN. , An inquiry was conducted on Saturday afternoon at the Runporn Court flouse by Mr.Dobson,deputy coroner, relative to the sudden death of a child eleven weeks old named Hannah Marson, daughter of Joseph Marson, captain of the narrow boats "Frank " and " Lizzie."— The evidence of the mother, Eliza:. Marson, was to the effect that the child was a healthy "one but rather small. It was not insured. At about ten o'clock on Thursday evening her husband, herself, and the baby slept on board the "Frank." When she awoke at six o'clock the following morning the child was lying quite dead upon her right arm. The child's face though turned towards her was not very close. Upon being questioned she stated that she had had nothing to drink of an intoxica- Vng nature until night when her husband, herself, and the mate drank a quart of beer between them. Her husband was sober and the slide of the cabin was half way open.—The deputy coroner, having stimmd up the evidence, in course of which he said that the cabin ceemed a very improper place for three to sleep in, the jury returned a verdict of "accidentally overlain by its mother." EXCURSION OF RUNCORN AND DISTRICT TEACHERS TO DELAMERE. Abut thirty members ef the Runcorn and District branch of the National Union of Teachers had a most enjoyable outing on Saturday afternoon. The occasion was the annual picnic in connection with the Society, and Delamere Forest was chosen as the rendezvous. The teachers assembled at the Greenway-road Board S'thook, Runcorn, amongst those Present being Misses Sewell. (National Schoo's), A. N. Kilburn (treasurer to the Association), 0. Stubbs (N« wtow n), Naylor and Clayden (Widnes), Messrs. G. F. Parr and G. S. Smith (Widnes), G. Bowyer (Wustrm), G. Moss (clerk to the Runcorn School Bard), .1. F. Moulton (secretary to the Associa- tion), and W. Kerman (assistant secretary). At 11 30 the party started in wag,gonettes, supplied by Messrs. Yarwood from the Schools, at which time the weather was exceedingly gloomy, and doubts were expressed that fayoura.hie, conditions would he experienced. For- tunately, however, the farther Runcolt receded, the brighter became the 'weather, and wnenlrt length Eddie- bury Lodge was sighted, after a pleasant ride of two hours, 0:d Sol was beaming with all his accustomed brilliance. A halt was Made at the loige, and the excursionists left their conveyances and rambled at ease through various parts of the Forest, viewing nature in her beautiful Spring garb. They afterwards re-assembled and partook of an excellent tea, which had been admir- ably prepared by the lady members of the part's'. The return journey was began shortly alter seven o'clock, and completed at about 9.30. The picnic, turned out successful in every respect, and prey inns to dispersing, many of the participants expressed their hopes that such another treat would be ornnized in the course of a few months.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BURIAL BOARD.

The monthly meeting of this B ,a;:d Wag held on Wed- nesday afternoon at the Cemetery lodge, Greenway-road. the Rev. Dr. Gastaldi occupying the chair. There were also present Messrs. R. Morris, .11. Coleborn. S. Tar!or, .LP., and W. F. SAlkeld, seeretarc.—The minutes of the previous meetng were read and nontirmed.—The Cnair- man annAunced that the interments for the last two months numbered 43, against 63 in the c.,rresrlonding period of last year, showing ecreasp of ?,6. The fees for the two months amounted f=-, £4l 9s. ; corresponding two months of last year 73 8. 4d. ; decrease £3l 9s. 4d.—Mr. Coleburn preset,t, .1 the report of tie Finance Committee who recomm,-nded that accounts amounting, in the aggregate. to £lB 9s. 101. he paid. lie moved that'the same he adopted.—Mr. Morris :seconded and the motion was carried—Mr. • Coleburn Oaid that'owing, to the completion of flu' Manchester Ship Canrd and the general depress'on o: trade in this gait of the country, Runcorn was fast approaching its normal condition so far as its population wax,. concerned. At the last census the population was mere than '20.000. hitt now, he thought, there would only. h. about 16.000 or 17,000.• ,Runcorn m.n were leaving them owing to thw scarcity of work. —The Clerk reported that he fad • made inquir- ies in ace•-milanee ivith instructors received concerning the had state of the fence on the gond) side of tk.i mortuary. lie recroninended that a six fe-t wall be erected, nine inehos wide, and measurin, 143 yards long and that notice hoards he planed behind it to wirn tres- passers, or other folks committing a nuisabce, that they would he pros.coted.—lt was at. length decided that the Clerk should apply for tenders for the work.—The Clerk read a notice issued by. the Board to the overseers recluesting them to convene a vestry meeting on Thurs- day,- the 28th inst., for the purpose of electuvr three ratepayers, as members of the Board in the places of MeAsrs. Wm. Whittaker, Wm. Mellor and Edwin Imison, who retire by rotation, but are eligible for re-appoint- meta, . •

NEW CURATE FOR THE HOLY TRWITY CHURCH,

RUNCORN.

We understand that the Rev. Dr. Preston, vicar of Holy Trinity Church, Runcorn, is to be assisted in his ministerial duties from nest week by a curate who will shortly take up his residence in the town. The con- stazit!v increasing demand up;n his attentiom has forced Dr. Preston to seek assistance in the discharge of his labours.

A RUNCORN COMMISSIONER THROWN FROM HIS HORSE. About eight o'clock on Monday morning, ikMr, Walter Collier, grocer, of Church-3treet, Runcorn, diet with a serious accident. He was riding from Weston to Run- corn On one of his horses, when on arriving at the slide, Higher Runcorn, where the roadway is laid with very hard stones, the animal stumbled tind fell throwing Mr. Collier, with much force to the ground. The latter was severely cut on the forehead, and one of his arms and a wrist were sprained. Subsequently, he was attended by Dr. McLennan, and is mow recovering in a satisfactory manner.

SERIOUS ACCIDENT AT THE SPRINCII WORKS, RUNCORN. An accident of a somewhat serious nature occurred on Wednesday evening to Alfred Stubbs, labourer' 40 years of age, and residing at Gladstone Terrace, Runcorn. Whilst engaged on a stage connected with a barge at the Sprinch Shipbuilding Works, he fell into the dry dock, a distance of nine feet, and his head struck one of the stone steps. He was picked up and immediately con- veyed to his home where he was attended by Dr. McDougall, who certified that he was suffering from con- cussion ofithe brain. This (Friday) morning he was pro- gressing satisfactorily. ST. JOHN'S PRESBYTERIAN BAND OF HOPE, RUNCORN. The annual treat in connection with the Band of Hope affiliated with the St. John's Presbyterian Church, Run- corn, took place im Slturday afternoon, when nearly 100 members and friends. journeyed to Frodsham by train. On arriving at their destination they betook themselves to Overton Hills, where a thoroug.hiy enjoy- able afternoon was spent in divers ways. An excellent tea, was served by Mrs. Parker, to which the party did full justice. They subsequently returned to Runcorn, which was reached about eight o'clock,everyone expres- sing the opinion that the outing had been an exceedingly pleasant one.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSAULT ON A WIFE AT WIDNES.

On Thursday at the Widnes Petty Sessions, before Mr. J. Birettall and Alderman Timmis, Thomas Marcer, a Batman, residing at Major Cross-street, was summoned for assaulting his wife on the 6:h inst. The parties had been married about three and a half years, and for the last two years defendant had abused his wifn almost Several months ago he threw .her through a window and he has tried to strangle her. Once he put her on her knees and told her to pray for her soul as her days were short in this world. The defendant, who stated that it was all through taking drink, was bound over to keep the peace for six months. DEATH OF A LOCAL BANK MANAGER.

The death has occurred at St. Helens of Mr. Wm. Brooker, who for many years was associated with Parr's Bank at Warrington,Runcorn, and St. Helens and latterly as the manager of the St. Helens branch of the Preston Banking Company. He was a well- known Freemason, and was formerly captain in the Engineers. He was forty years old, and leaves a widow and two children. SOAKING RAIN PROOF OVERCOATS. yet porous, 551., C. ACKSON HOLMES, Gerieral Outfitter, Market Gate, Warring- ton. —.A dvt.

ANOTHER CASE OF SMALLPDX AT ST. riELENS. The medical officer of St. Helens (Dr. Robertson) reported to the Health Committee on Wednesday that there had been another case of smallpox, the patient being a relative of the man who imported the disease six weeks ego,and who had died. Scarlet fever cases were diminishing in number, and there had only been eighteen cases during the three weeks. In the month of May the female sanitary inspector had made 971 visits in the poorer districts of Gerard's Bridge, Pocket Nook,- and Greenbank.

WIDNES POLICE COURT.

MONDAY.—Before_ .o)UnciliOr W. W. Gossage and

A lderma rt Timmis.

DRUNKENNESS.—The following persons were fined for being drunk and disorderley :—Edward Matthew, 36, Wareing-street •, John McMahon, 65 Lugsdale-road ; and Thomas Flynn. Patrick flarrington,Sarah Ann Leigh and John Leigh, all of no fixed abode. WIFE DESERTION.—Thomas O'Neil. of no fixed abode, , was brought up on remand charged with desertii.g his wife and child, thereby leaving them chargeable to the common fund of the Prescot Union. Mf. A. Wood, relieving officer, who represented the Present Board of Guardians,stoted that the wife and child became charge- able to the Union on the 14th March i last yPar. A few days later a warrant was issued against O'Neil. The total cost to the Union had been about £l2. The prisoner was apprehended in Glasgow on Wednesday the 6th inst. Prisoner who had been before the magistrates eleven times previously, was now sentenced to one month's imprisonment with hard labour.

WIDNES PETIY SESSIONS. MIIRSDAY.—Before Mr. J. fireball and Alderman TirnmiF.

RIDING WITHOUT RElNS.—William Young was fined 7s. 64. and cpsts for riding without reins. CHIMNEYS ON FlRE.—Thomas Pidgeon, Oxford-pt. ; Joseph Williams, 107. Midwod-st.; and Thomas Ilan_ kinson. Brown-st., were fined for the above offence. Duos NOT SECTIRELT MCZZLED —TIIOMa3 Keliall. Carl- ton-t. ; William Lewis. Mersv-road ; .John Kenn'. Mary-st. ; Thomas Moorcroft,Moorfield-road ; and Thos. Costello, Brown-st., were fined for not having their dogs securely muzzled. BREACHES OF THE PEACE.—Andrew Gorman, Aftpleton. Bridget McDermott, Elizabeth-3f. ; and Mary D.tlan, y, Ditton. were each bound over in the usual sUretits to keep the peace._

• DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—KaIe Gorman, Appleton, and Ann Sterratt, Wood's Cottages, were tined for being drunk and disorderly. ALLEGED THEFT OF A WATCH.—MiChIeI Carr,no settltd abode, was charged with stealing a silver watch. P.C. Wood met him about two o'clock on Thursday morning. near West Bank dock. He asked him where he gat the watch, and after saying he did not know, he gave sev- eral different replies. The prisoner was rem tr.&1:1 until Monday, in order that further ingniries might tv. In tri-1. BO,NDOVER —The following were charged with dis- turbing the peace, and wereeaeh bound over in the sum of £lO and two sureties of £5 to k-pp the peace for three months: Patrick Finn, Edward Ilirnett.• a l Mar- garet Bennett, Ditton.—Themas Mercer,49. Maj it Crow,- street. was bound over in £l5 and two sureties of £5 each for the same offence. RIVAL INSURANCE AGENTS AGAIN AT 'VARIANCE.— Edward Frank Mergan Lightburn, and Join Ii r;e, Broad Heath, were charged with creating a brea.eli of the peace at Simai's Cross, Widnes. P.R. Carter said he found the defendants shouting and making a disturb- a T co. There was some dispute about different clubs and the defendants were representatives co? different insur- ance enmpanie.. Toe defendants we:e earth Pound over in the sum of £lO and two sureties of £5 to keep th! peace for three months.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
GROSS CRUELTY TO CHILDREN AT WIDNES.

At Widnes, on Thursday, before Mr. J. Birettall and Alderman Timmis, Thomas Owens and his wife Mary, of 40, Vright-street, were summoned at the instance of the National Society for the Prevention Of Cruelty to Children for neglecting three of their children, rale Maud, aoed 10 years; Maggie, aged nine; and Robert, aged eight, in snch a manner as to cause unnecessary suffering. Mr. Bnekton. of IVarrin2tnn. prosecuted. In opening the case he stated that the defendants had seven children,fonr of whom were grown on. The male defendant, who was in full wo,k, earned 20s. a week, and one of his sons, who was employed at the same works, earned 154., hut his•wages were drawn by his f tther. None of this money was taken hoine,hnt the male defendant pnrchas-d a small amount of. food for Sunday. InSnector lkl'A.teer gave evidence to the effect that on the 4'h inst. when he visited the house occupied by the defendants.the three children were in a most deplorahle state of dirt. The girl Lily was yeiv poorly clad. tier hair was matted and filthy and foil of vermin: The flesh was crisp With dirt. The other two children were in a sitmlar state; With regard to youngest child Robert, one could scrale the dirt off his flesh with a knife, and hm had the appearanca of .one who had, not been washed for two or three months. Witness asked the female defendant why her house was. in such a neglected state, and she replied that her hus- band never allowed her any money to buy the children clothing or for hmisehold cxnenses. The four rooms were entirely dtu ftute of furniture. The family slept its j the two rooms downstairs, but there was no bed or he'd- ding. • The chairman characterised the case as an abom- inable one, without the slightest tinge of excuse, and j sent Owens to gaol for two months and his wife for one j month.

BRUTAL MURDER OF A LANDLADY.

A DE.•=•PERATE LODGER.

A brutal murder was committed at Burnley on Mon- day. - The_victim was a lodging-house keeper named Alien, and her murderer was a foundry-man named Willi:im Crossley. Quarrels lia.ve be" of freculuot occurrence between Crnqsley and the o' her !Odgers at Mrs. Agen's. and she, takhig the side of the other Ird- vers. at I,neth ordered Cros.ley to leave. As they sat: ‘at dinner on Mond iv, err.,,cler nainei possession of a cleav?r, and with it dealt Mrs. Allen several blows ea the bead. The ponr wronau fell to the ground and dial almrist, immediat-Ay. The other people in the tram tried to capture Crnssley,hut he hit Mrs. Allen's marriel daughter twice on the head with thsf cleaver and attros: killed her, and struck a lodger named. Robinson such a violent blow that he had to be taken to • the hosPital. Afterwards Crossley went into an adjnininzpublic-housl -and made h's will. The police then arrived on the scen awl arreetixl

===== 0002601_18940616_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
WESLEYAN MINISTERIAL CHANGES AT RUNCORN.

The Rev. W. Lite Stone, of Aberystwith, has been in-- vited to visit Runcorn by the Wesleyan body. Similar invitations have been sent to the Revs. William George, of Lancaster, and Brackenbury, of Huddersfield. COLLIER'S BREAD is the best money can buy.—.Adrt. PUGILISTIC TOPERS IN RUNCORN. .

At the Runcorn Police Court before Messrs. P. Speak- man and F. J. Norman, on Friday morning (last week) two men named Frank Dowd and Patrick McMahon, were charged with being drunk and fighting in ica r-st., or the night of the 7th inst.—Evidence in support of the charge was given and the defendants were each fined ss. and costs or seven days' imprisonment in default of payment. COLLIER'S BLACK BLENDED TEA, 2id. per quarter lb.—Adrt. - - ANNIVERSARY SERVICES AT RUNCORN.

In the Bethesda Congregational Chapel, Runcorn, Co Sunday morning and evening, anniversary sermons on behalf of the St.Liike's Sunday School wero prcactied hy the Rev. A. Bathgate, of Aig,burth. lii all of the sania object, Mr. Philip France. of Malpas, delivered an in- teresting addres in the St. Luke's School in the after- noon. Tilt scholars assisted by the choir,rendered special hymns and pieces in a praiseworthy manner. Tile total collections tor the day amounted to £7 6s. CULLUM'S IS. BUTTER is tha gem in the market.—Adet. A WIDNES WIFE DESERTER.

On Tuesday at Widnes, Thomas O'Neil was brought up on remand charged under a warrant with deserang his wife and child. Mr. Wood, relieving officer, stated that the prisoner' wife and child became char,eablo to the Prescot Union on the 14-th March, 1393. At that time another child of the prisoner—a boy nine years of age—was in the fever hospital. On the 17th April that boy also was removed to the workhouse, but both were on the 20th June taken out by the prisoner's wife, who left them, presumably to join her husband in Glasgow. Four days later they were again admitted to the work- house. On the 18th August she took the bcys out again and nothing was heard of them till the 9th May last, when they came from Glasgow by steamer to Liverpool. rrisoner pleaded • guilty, and was sent to gaol for a month's. hard labour. COLLIER'S Stll everything for he smallett possib!e profit.— Advt.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
SERIOUS GAS EXPLOSION AT VIDNFS.

On Monday night,a 'Serious gas explosion occurred on the iremises-of Solom Attal, of 32, Oxford-street, Man- chester, in Ann-street, Widnes: The premises had been up to last week unncOPied for some time wlicut Mr. Atial entered upon his tenancy. On Mpnday, mei, from the g,asoidrks.latd the gas through the house and .shop, and that night, about half-past eight o'clock, a lad named William Flannigin, 9, Margaret-street, perceived a stiong smell of as in one of the upper rooms. The gas Was already alight in the kitchen, but 'hen the lad attempted!to light one of the jets an explosion occurred, and blew out sevi-ral windows. The flames found their way down into the shop, and blew a plate-glass window across the Street. The lad was rather severely butnec: about the face and Winds, and was on Tuesday morning; removed to the Accident Hospital in the horse ambul- ance. ;

Cor.wit'A •FREsii hum DAIRY BUTTER, led. per lb is exce!lebt.—Advt.

A PENIIENT GRINDER IN RUNCORN: NEATLY CAUGRT.

Artfiur Plapris, whose - occupation was that ot a Sheffield grimder, was char2ed before l.lessrs. P. Sp,sk7.. man and F..le.Norman. on Friday morning (Last week) .at the Runcorn Police Court, with feloniously. stealing a 'pair of boots valued 7s. from the shop of Ntr. Thomas Whinyates. Ilig,h-street, • Runeorn.—Seraeant Woolley testified to having seen the prisoner on the previous evening, standing outside the shop .mentioned. He uh- twii.teli • the string at ,he end of which the boots were hanging, took them off the hook, and Walked sway putting the stolen art!cles onder his coat. Witness followed the prrsnnei, who, upon being arreste(l said to the officer, " You have made a good cop.' The boots belong to the man at th, shop and I hope you won't l€)cit we up as I am hard up."—Mr. 'Thomas WhinySt•es, boot and shoe dealer. High-street, identified the boots as his property, 7s. being the 'value of them.— Prisone:, who app?ared to he very' penitent, shed copious 'tears in the deck aed promised he would never do such a thing again. Ile was drunk at the time or he would not hove acted in such a manner.—The• Ilendh fined him lt)s. ncluding costs or sevcn days' imprisonment.

Aimpurom

===== 0002601_18940616_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
Rbbratstinnit.

H. JONES, draper. of 57, high-street, • Runcorn, desires ta express his thanks to Deputy- Superintendent Wright and the members of the Runcorn Fire Brigade, to Superintendent Atherton, Inspe.-tor Hicks, and others connected with the constabulary ; and to the neighbours for their p-ornptitude and activity in dealing with the fire on his premises, on Wednesday morning, also to convey his indebtedness to numerous friends for their expressions of sympathy in his trial.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PROPOSED GIUVINU DOCK FOl

RtiNCO RN. DEPUTATION OF SHIPWRIGHTS, kc. The Runcorn Improvement. Commissioners held a special meeting on Wednesday evening in the Board room, Town Hall, for the purpose of receiving a deputation of shipwrights, painters, and boiler- makers, with reference to the question of the pro- posed provision of a graving duck on the banks of Manchester Ship Canal, at Runcorn. The chair was occupied by Mr. S. Taylor, J.P., and the Commissioners present were Messrs. P. 6peakman, J.P., C.C., J. Prit- chard, W. Fisher, W. Handley, D. Bisbrown, W. Leach, E. Imison, H. J. Grice and 'l. Lea with Mr. F. A. Lake. law clerk ; and Mr•E. Marshall,secretary. The member.: of the deputation were Messrs. J, Bayles, J. Boyle, J. 1 Hitchin, A. Ravenscroft, G. Kirkham (shipwrights) t C. Stubbs, J. Stubbs, (master shipwrights) ; William lox- worth, J. Rathbone (painters) ; J. Hayes (master painter) ; J. Senior, N. Senior (boiler makers) ; and H. Branch (master boiler maker). 'rue Chairman stated, when the deputation were ad- mitted, that he did not consider it wise to conduct the proceedings in the presence Of the Press. Consequently ' the meeting was held in private. From certain sources of information, however, we have been able to gather that the torm et the proceedings was as follows. The cl.putation being invited by the Chairman to state their _

Mr. Hitchin opened by saying that the ship-building and repairing industry in Runcorn bad, in consequence of the construction of the Ship Canal, been praccically swept away. There were 220 men on the books of the Shipwrights' Society' previous to the making of the canal, but at the present time that number had considerably diminished. This proved that the statement sometimes made to the effect that more men were now employed was false. The suggestion to provide slipways would not meet the requirements so well as a graving dock, because the itraio upon the ship wreathed the coppers, and seriously prejudiced the value of the vessel in the estimation of insurance companies. He hoped the Com- missioners would stand firm to the agreement and expressed the opiniva that grain warehouses, etc, would not benefit the town as much as a graving dock. Mr. Hitchiu went on to say that one of the questions asked on chartering a vessel was "what facilities are there at the port of destination for there- pair of ships ?" and if there was no such accommodation then those places were avoided as much as possible by charterers. He spoke of several cases which had comel under his personal notice in which ships kad brought CA r• goes to Runcorn, then had to go to Livcrpool for repairs and afterwards return to Runcorn to load._

Mr. S:ubbs supported the contentions of Mr. Hitchin, and supplemented them by saying that it would be very convenient if a small graving dock was opened opposite Bridgewater House to accommodate vessels of 100 tons burden. He cited many difficulties experienced at the present time in the way of repairing vessels and pointed out an instance in which they tried to beach a ship in the river for repairs. A hole was made but the tide came up and filled it with sand. This operation was repeated, but with the same result and ultimately the workmen bad to go inside andttop the breach. Mr. Kirkham dealt with the que,tion as to Whether a. graving dock would pay if they spent so much upon one. Wuld the charges remunerate them for the cost? He contended tha'.; they would, and quoted a table of rates levied in Liverpool, and showed that the charges varied from a few pounds to £250 for finding accom- modation for a vessel in the graving dock. _ _

Mr. Boyle and Mr. Branch' both-urged the Commis- sioners to stick to the agreement. Tim latter gentle- than referred to the loss of trade to the town through not being able to execute certain work owing to their not having a graving dock. Mr. Lake produced the agreement with the company, and also the plan of the proposed graving dock. The former he read, after which he entered into explanation with reference to the correspondence which had p tssed between the Commissioners and the Company. The deputation manifeited great interest in the plan, which they closely inspected. They subsequently retired to a- room above for the purpose of discussing the mat- ter. They afterwards returned and

Mr. Hitchin stated that they had considered the sub- ject very carefully and were still convinced that the graving dock was the best thing for them. They prefer- red that it should_ be on the western side of 'Runcorn Bridge rather than in the position shown upon the plan. A Commissioner ask d the deputation whether a. pontoon would not meet their requirements, to which a reply was made that it would not. It was explained that accommodation would have to br made for a pon- toon, in which it was not s. pleasant for the men to work. They were not so certain of a dry plain upon which to work in a pontoon, and to have a graving dock would he a di.trict advantage over a pontoon or slip- ways. Mr. Hitchin said the deputation were perfectly satisliel with the way in which tho Commissioners had received them, and were convinc:d that they had done everything they could for the best interests of the town.

The Chairman repliel that the representations brought forward by the deputation would receive the most care- ful consideration. The Commissioners were quite alive to the importance of resuscitating the languishing indus- try, and also to the tact that a port was not properly equipped unless it had provision for repairing the ships which frequented it. Mr. Pet:hard thought it would not be advisable to strongly press the Canal Company at the present time, in view of their present difficulties. Mr. Speakman spoke favourably on the idea of imme- diate representation to the company. It was not a question of expediency but one of bargain. He was pleased to find that the agreement was a binding one, and one which the Commissioners would he able to insist upon being carried out. No other idea than the provi- sion of a graving dock should be entertained. He con- tended that as the company would have to go to Parlia- ment for mlre money they might just as well include the expenditure for smith in their estimate. After a few more obiervations from various speakers the proceedings coecluded.

"A SAILORS' GRAVE " IN RUNCORN CEMETERY.

AN OBJECE DESEPSING PUBLIC SYMPATHY.

Mr. William Shaw, the well-known and respected missionary connected with the Runcorn branch of the Mersey Nlission to Seamen, has formulated a scheme in the carrying out of which, ha certainly deserves the true sympathy of all, and more especi- ally of seamen. For some years he has been cogni- zant of tie want of a special grave for the interment of se tinen unfortunately drowned in the locality, and far away from their homes. The necessity hag been brought under his notice innumer able times throuen the parents relatives, or friends of deceased seamen inquiring from him where the body of some relative )r friend has been deposited in the cemetery. It is known that at the pre- sent time the bodies of such are interred. and, of course in the majOrity of cases, no stone or anything is erected t) denote who is buried beneath. This being the case, Mr. Shaw suggested to the Committee of the Mission at Liverpool, that a plot of land should be bought in the ltimwrn Cemetery, wide enough to admit of foNor graves side by side, sufficient for twenty interments; and that the land •be specially reserved for the burial of all seamen found drowned in the Runcorn district. He also suggested that a monu- ment be erected thereon, and that the names of all in- terred seamen. where it was possible to procure them, be inscribed on it, and that the grave he called " 'tne Sailors' Grave." The committee inquired into the sub- ject. and the matter was also laid betore the Archdeacon , of Macclesfield. Chaplain of the Missi:m, with the result that the consent has just been received to the suggestion trine' carried into eir-ic. The cost, including the lend, monument. Sz., will be £3O. which sum Mr. Shaw hones to raise with the assistance of his Runcorn friends.- The monument has been already desizned, this having been carried Omit hy Captain Crofton,or II MS. "Eagle," who has manifested considerable interest in .the matter. It is proposed to start a fund to dofray the cost of the un- dbrtakin,A and it is to be hoped that toe appeal for sip- port will not be made in vain. •

===== 0002601_18940616_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
-4> THE HAYDOCK LOCAL BOARD CLERiV.

WP la‘t 'week chronicled the fact that Mr.l Metthewe, the clerk to the llaydock Local Board, had mysteriousl ieappeared. Up to Friday his absence renlained unaccounted for. On that day hie father went ov.r to the Isle of Man on the chance 6f finclinv; hirathere, a7id he hid not been longer than an Ivutr in Dou„ilas before he espied him en a seat (111 Ihe promenade. The fatter pi evaded upon his son to return home, and. the.; orrived at St. flidens on Saturdir. On Tuesday Mr. Matthews put in an appear- ance at .11a-dock. and he was present at a special meet- ing of the lb-tarn en Thivrcd4c. held to consider the pot,itiou of matters. Mr. Griinlai-Draytnn preeithrLand thc:re was a Pull attendanc,-, including Mr. Bradshaw, clerk pro tern. The meeting was first conducted in. pri- vate. after which Mr. Matthews was called in and had an interview with the hoard. The representatives of the press were afterwards caged into the *run, and Mr. 3nhn Turton propr,s,,d.that after the exWavation given by Mr. Matthews of his abs.nce from the ;bolus clerk. Ihe should he reinstated. Mr. W. Balharry seconded,and [it was carried uranimously.

ALARMING FIltE AT RUNCORN.

A DRAPERY ESTABLISHMENT GUTTED.

I A fire, of a most destructive character; occurred at an early hour on Wednesday morning on the premises of 57, High-street Runcorn, occupied at that time by Mr. D. 11. Jones, droper,&c. On Tues- day evening Mr. Jones and his son William both re- tired to bed leaving everything apparently sale. Shortly after half-past two o'clock in the morning, the father was awakened by a crashing sound. He went into the adjoining bedroom to his son whom he found had likewise been awakened by the sound. To him he expressed the opinion that burglars had entered the shop. Both went downstairs and upon Mr. Jones open- ing the shop door he saw one corner of the establish- ment was a mass of fire. He rushed upstairs in order to descend by a staircase leading into the back of the house, whilst his son ran to the police station and gave the alarm. The notification was received by, P.C.Wright, who passed on word to Sergeant Lee, and the latter aroused Superintendent Atherton and Inspector Hicks. The Sergeant accompanied by P.C. Butler ran to the Sprinch Works, and in attempting to open the gate the key broke in the lock which resulted in the loss of two or three minutes. The gate, however, was climbed,the " buzz.,,r "sounded, and quickly several members of the brigade were on the spot. About seventeen minutes after the buzzer was blown, Deputy-Superintendent Wright, Sergeant William Brown and ten men reached the scene of the fire with the hose-cart and reel. They promptly connected the pipes with the mains, and in a short time a vast volume of water was being poured upon the flamc.e; which had, by this time, as- sumed, alarming proportions and presented a magnifi- cent sight. A perfect hold had now been taken by the tire upon the large and valuable stock in the shop. A number of neighbours rendered assistance and at about four o'clock the brigade had secured the mastery of the flames. They were not extinguished however until nearly six o'clock, and tor several hours afterwards a watch was kept upon the still smouldering embers by two or three firemen in case of a furttft outbreak. The water supply was very plentiful. Superintendent Ather- ton, Inspector Hicks. Sergeant Lee, and a number of constables did good service in co;_ing with the conflagra- tion, as well as in the maintenance of order.

It has been stated that the men engaged at the adjoin- ing works had detected the smell of burning timber,but had been unable to discover the source from whence it issued. It is apparent, therefore, that the fire must have, been smouldering for sometime, and the escape of Mr. Jones and his son is considered extremely providential inasmuch as they occupied rooms at the front of the house, and directly ever the shon. The excitement created by the exten- sive fire increased tenfold, owing to the shop of Messrs. Lea being next door, in which was stored a vast quan- tity of petroleum, benzoline, matches, candles,and other materials of a highly inflammable nature. Consequently the efforts of the fire brigade were chiefly directed against the fire near this .shop.ancl fortunately they were successful. If, however,the flames had once penetrated into Mr. Lea's establishment,nothing possible could have prevented the destruction of the whole block of valuable buildings.

The cause outbreak of the fire is unknown, but a sus- nieion is abroad that some smoker, in passing,may have - dropped a lighted mAtch into some of the material at the clocr previous to the closing of the shop, and that this material has been taken into the shop v.,ithout notice being dr4wii to its perhaps smouldering state. The gas in the shop was not liolited, nor was there any fireplace near to where the fire is supposed to have originated. Very few articles were saved and Mr. Jones estimates his loss at £1,500. Towards this he holds a policy of insurance in the Alli- ance Company for £1,200. The 'building, which belongs to the executors of Messrs. flazlehurst is said to be damaged to the extmt of £3OO. This is also covered by insurance in the London, Liverpool, and Globe Company. Mr. Jones has received many expressions of sympathy through his serious loqs, and has, at the same time, been congratulated upon his narrow escape from an untimely death. Mrs. Jones and her daughter were away at the time spending a holiday at Holywell.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
C RICK ET. (Continued from page 6).

OTTERSPOOL v. RUNCORN.—A contest between these elevens took place at Runcorn on Saturday afternoon, and resulted in a victory for the visitors by one run.— Score ;

OTTERSPOOL. RUNCORN. Boswell run out 7 Wright run out Truswell c Jeacock b Tickle c .3; b Cottier Craigg Brooking c Gatley b Craigg 0 . son • 10 Co tier c F.-MI b Gatlev ... 7 Abrams c Armistead b BlundAll b Craigg - 0 Collier Hough b Pope Aemistead c Frith b Jeacock b Jackson 1 Houghton l2 Gatley b Cottier • 0 Barclay b Pope Holloway c Houghton b Benu b Jackson 1 Pope Barlow c Jeacock b Gatley 6 Pope not out Jackson Not out 1 Extras

Extras

Tot.ll

Total

ST. PAUL'S (WARRINGTON) CHOIR V. BENVSEY-ROAD WKS- LEYANS.—Piayed on the former's ground and resulted in a win for the home team. Score:

ST. PAUL'S. WESLETA NS. Wilsou run out Hill not out 2O Hill 4 Seed c Robinson b 80y1e... 1 S Millington c Seed bGreen 13 Lawless not out 4 Robinson St Wilson b Hat- Kenwright li J Millington 11 ton Edwardson c J Millington Boyle b Green b S Millington 0 J Houghton b Hill ,.. 2 Fanshaw b S Millir.gton 2 Jackson c Hill b Green ... 0 Hatt;tl b J Millington... 0 Hughes run out 0 Green run out 1 Fokter c Wilson b Hill 2 Barker b Boyle halford to b.tt. A Houghtonb Hill

Bate clawless b Hill Bxttas

Extras

Total 53

Total 47

BOWLING

SOUTH WARRINGTON (BULL'S HEAD) V. CROFT'S BANK, UIZIISTON.—The above named teams met on Saturday last on the Cemetery Inn green, Harpurhey- to play off their tie in the second round of the second series of the Lancashire and Cheshire Counties Bowling Associations' Competitions, Mr. Clapham, of the home green being referee. The weather was entirely against an exhibition of fir-t class bowling, the green being fairly saturated. The Warringtonians were strongly representea ; in fact it might be said that they almost had their strongest turn up. They.played their three recently reinstated players and that such players will he an acquisition to the teali will pass without question if they keep uplbeir present form. The Urmstonians were perhaps not represented by their strongest team seeing that three of their selected players failed to put in an appearance. The games were finished as follows :

===== 0002601_18940616_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
CROFT'S BANK.' 21 NV Rothwell ll

SOU 111 WARRINGTON. W

C J Littlewood B _ _ • Hall • _ 14

E Gibs'on F 13-Try 2l W Reff it I,airbrother 2l A B Ogden D Wilcox l6 W H Palfreyman(Captaln) 21 P Wells 2l Carl Brain 5 it Anderton (Captain) E Sh ivy 2l A Thompson T /Inc:keit 2l R Schilling T Locker

Total 038

Total 156

===== 0002601_18940616_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
SHIP CANAL.

THE ARRANGEMENTS WITH THE RAILWAY

COMPANIES.

A leadinz railway official stated on Thursday that the arra ii2ements between the Ship Canal Company and the railway companies will probably be settled in a fort- pieht. The main question at issue now is the rates on distances betwerm 10 and 25 miles. All the companies are tryinu: to agree upon .a rate which will be satisfac- tory 0 the Ship Canal Company. -

A HORRIBLE SPECTACLE. On i'ednesdar, one of the workmen engaged on a dredger, which is deepening the Ship Canal in the Lymm meadows, noticed an unusual object being thrown from the buckets into the refuse rzceivers, and called atten- Von to it. On examination it was, found to be tbe remains of a man, and on an att,mot beinc, made to remove them the men were horrified by the head drop- ping off, mad aft)rwarda the limbs. The parts were ca.!•hered together and conveyed to the Lancashire side of the river.to await an invest. At present ther6 is no. clue as to wlv,m thc, deceased may have been. A SAILOR HIS HIS FOOT CUP OFF.

Ahnnt eight o'clock on Monday evening the steamer limehbrow, reionging to Messrs. Fisher. Renwick,after dischar?ing hr carg, in Manchester proceeded dowc the canal on her tray to Weston Point to load for Frazer- burgh. On entering. the larrelock at Latchford, a rope was taken from her port bQw and pot in position to bring the ship up. One of her seamen named John llnth, who-is a-married man, about 40 rears Of age, and whose wife resides in Cardiff,was attending to the work- ing of the rope when his left foot c,tught in the-"bight" and he was carried round the windlass end. The lock- master repeatedly hailed those on boArd to cut the rope but before this could be done, or the ship which had been ordered to go full speed astern brought up, his foot was completely cut off a little above the ank!e. By in tructions from the lockmaster the limit was tightly bound up to stop the bleodisg, and Dr. Ronald was sent for. A conveyance was obtained, and the Mat! we.s taken to the Infiricary, where it was found necessary to amputale the kw.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
THE STUDENT'S SONG.

I had worked hard at Euclid. and Latin, and Greek, ia mv eyesight was dim, and my chest was quite weak ; There were pains in my head, there were pains in my back. And I felt just as if I'd been placed on a mck. 'They sent for a Doctor, they sent for a Nurse. • ,But all was in vain, I grew rapidly worse, Spite of poultice and potion, and powder and pill. When—who should come in but my old friend, dear Will. -He cried, " Cheer up, old fellow, we'll soon have you Well, As strong as an ON, and as sound as a bell ; -All you want's Quinine Bitters—of med'cine the best, And cricket and football will 4o all the seat." I took Quinine Bitters and fonnd it was true. Now with weakness and pain I have n.,thin;.; to do ; And as for the potions, and powders, and pills. Why, the Doctor may take them hims,lf if ht. wills. Now. "Hurrah for the Bitters." of tonics ttv King, I'll shout till the roof and rafters shall ring ; -And I'll say to whoever may enter my door, "" It's the best of all med'cines for rich or for poor."

G WILYM EVANS QUININE BITTER.

These BITTERS are especially recommencl,!d in all cases of Indigestion, Loss of Appetite, Liver Dis- orders, Nervousness, Chest Affections, and all kinds of weakness from whatever cause arising. hundreds of testimonials certifying to their virtues and efficacy are yearly received from all parts of the world. At this season of the year no one should be without GWILTNI EvA)ts QUININE BITTERS. A eaurse taken now will give tone to the system, new life to the

blood and brace the nerves.

C UTION-vbid Imitations. See that you • get GIVILYNI EVANS QAXINE BITTERS. Do not be persuade.l to try any other. See the name" GIVILYM EVANS" on the Label, St.amp, and Bottle.

PRICES --Bottles, 25.9 d. ; Double size, 43. 6d. S tmple 'bottles, 13. lid. To be 1141 of all Chemists, or dir.xt from the I.ROPRIEToR3

===== 0002601_18940616_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
QUININE BITTERS MANUFACTURING COMPANY.

LIMITED. LLANELLT. SOUTH WALES

BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

SUSP ICIOUS CONDUCT.

At the Warrington BorQugh Court on Thursday morning, three young women named Teresa Weave, 7, Dakin's Court, Mary Ireland, 7, Dakin's Court, and Elizabeth Staners, 6, Dakins Court, were brought before the magistrates. The first named defendant was charged with being a convicted thief, and in company with the other prisoners found frequenting the market with in- tent to commit a telnny. The Chief Constable (Mr. Bunt) informed the Bench that on the previous after- noon, Detective Monaghan was in the market and he saw the three prisoners together. He watched their movements fox about an hour, and also obtained the assistance of Mr. Robert Lewis to watch theta also. Gleave, who .was well-known by the police, was seen to go amongst a crowd, and put her hand in a woman's pocket. The three, who were acting in concert, were brought to the police station. He (Mr. Hunt) was pre- sent when they were brought in, and on Cileave being asked to deliver up what money she had, she declared she had neither purse nor money. On being searched a purse containing 3s. 10d. was found upon her. They had not yet. however, been able tA find the owner of the purse. He asked for a remand in the case of Gleave, and would leave the magistrates to deal with the other two prisoners. Detective Monaghan and Mr. R. gave corroborative evidence. Inspector Spinks said no money,w3 s found by the female searcher on the defendant Ireland, and only a penny was found upon Staners. The magistrates remanded Gleave,and ordered the other two defendants to be bound over to appear when called upon.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOCKING CRUELTY TO A POSY.

Martha Moores. greengrocer, 25, Granville-street, Runcorn, was charged at the Warrington Borough Court, on Thursday moftinty„ with having cruelly ill- treated a pony by working it in an unfit state at the Market, the previous afternoon. Inspector ',tiff, R.S.P.C.A., said at 12 o'clock the previous day he was in Market-street when he saw a pony which attracted his attention by its miserable appearance. It was lame on both hind legs, and there was also a large sore on the back, about seven inches long, causing it much pun. He waited for the owner to turn up for about an hour, but as no one came it was taken to the Police Station. The r.,acking which coveren its back was removed, and the part which had been pressing upon the sore was saturated with blood and matter. Later in the day the defendant came to the Police Station to claim the pony. and on being questioned she said she had brought it from Runcorn that morning. It was an old pony and in a very poor condition. P.C. Clough said lie removed the pony from the market to the PoEce Station. lie had very great difficulty in bringing it, as the animal could scarcely walk. Inspector Spinks said the animal was totally unfit for work, and its back was like a piece of raw beef- Sergeant Chantler also gave evidence. The Chairman said he had seen the pony and it could .scarcely stand. He was surprised that the defendant tad been allowed to bring it out of Runcorn. The -animal was ordered to be destroyed, and the defendant was dismissed with a caution.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
MIN olt CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT.

FRIDAY. —Before Aldermln Harrison (chairmln), Mr.

Wright. DRIINKENNE4S.—For this offence Thomas Flannery, 13, 'Town Hill, was tined ss. and costs or seven days. A CASH DISMISSED.—SamueI Silcock, Cartwright-s., was summoned on the charge of stealing a lurry. thet -property of Charles Longshavv, Lymm, on May 21st. Mr. Arthur Browne defended. Mr. Lont,shaw said that fhe had lent his lurry to the defendant at 3s. per week for the purpose of selling coal. He was not to tike it .it of the town. On the above date, the defendant took the lurry away, and witness had never seen it since. Mr. Browne contended that the lorry was let out for %ire at 53, a week, of which 3s. per week was to go to the purchase of the lurry, and when £l5 10s. had been thus paid, the lurry was to be handed over to Silcock. He produced an agreement to this effect.—Alderman Harrison considered that there was no evidence that din .defendant had stolen the harry, and dismisied the *case. CRI7ELTY TO A HOR3E.—Alfred Norris, 5, Hill-street, was charged with working a horse while in an unlit state on May 27, and Patrick Nlagitin and John Maginn were also charged with causing it to be so worked. Thu charge against John Magian was withdrawn on Patrick Mat,.,,inn taking the responsibility. Inspector Lit tT, R.S.P.C.A., stated that at 9.15 on the evening of May 27, .he saw a horse standing at the outside of a plsblic-house in Horsemarket-street. He noticed that it was in great pain on the near hind leg, and he therefore went to the driver, Norris, and asked him what was the matter with the horse. He replied that the boric had sprained its leg. Upon examination, witness found that the horse was suffering from spaviii, and the horse was very ten- der on the hock. Patrick Maginn said that the horse did not belong to him or his brother, but that they would send it back to where it had come from. He refused to say who the horse belonged to.—Sergee. tit (bander gave evidehce in support of the charge. Patrick Maginn stated that he was out with his horses at the time, and that he did not know that the horse in question had been taken out.—Norris said that tie took the horse out on his own responsibility.—The magis- trates decided to fine Magine in the costs, and Norris 2s. 6d. and costs. - -

11.0NDAY.—Before Mr. F. Monks (chairm4n), Alderman _

Harrison, and Mr. S. Wright. DHUNBENNESS.—For this offence, Mary Ireland, 19, Ilsger-st., was fined 53. and costs; Michael Mulligan, Dallam-lane, 53. ; Henry Dagnall, 112, Longford-street, 2s. 6d. ; Peter En3tnl3, 71, tirchall-iit., Si. and costs • Mary Healey, 30. Percival's-fold, 3s. 6J. ; John Fair- ,brother, 12, flamilton-St.. 53. ASSA.ULT ON THE POLICE.—John Belly, 6, Oliver-street, was charged witn being drunk and datorierly in Oliver- St., and with assaulting P.C. Newey on Saturday night. P.C. Newey stated that at nine o'clock he saw a distill.- !banee taking place in Oliver-st.,and he and P.C.Loxhain • went thither and saw the prisoner fighting with another -man. The two officers went t, separate them, and the ,prisoner struck Newey in the mouth, causing blood to flow—Prisoner was fined 5. and costs. BEGGINO.—Peter Scully. of no fixed abode, was fined 15....,0r seven days' itr prisonment,for tegging in Nicholson- .st. on Sunday afternoon.—P.C. Chrit,es proved the case. TRANSFERS OF LICENSES.—The following transfers of licenses were granted :—The Higher Angel, Butter- rnarket-st.,from Thomas Critchley to •lartlia. Critchley ; and the off licence at 189, Winwick-st., from John Grounds to Wm. Francis Finch. A DANGEROUS PRACTICE.—Thomas Fogg, Itodney-st., was fined 2s. 61. for shoiting stones with a catapalt in Turner-st., on June 2nd. P.C. Airs ,n proved the case. The Chief Constable said that he never had more complaints of the practice of shooting with catapult., than at the present time.—Frank Whittoker, the Heath- side, was also fined 2s. 61. for committing a similar offence in Queen-st.. on June 3rd. P.C. Roper proved the case.—Leovasd Green, 33, Thelwall-lane, was tined 53. for the same offence, committed in Thelwall-lane.

FURS, SEALSKIN JACKETS AND FURS of every riese,iwion CLEANED or RE-Ul.—elD ;Ind .4..i.TERED• FUR SKINS tire,sed n,1,1i, 112 into rug. i€.—B CooKF.. NlAnoracturing Enrrier, 11., I:lprwr Nt-wiwz- too, and 21, Rewlitiv-struet, Liverpool. F.stabliiLeil 29 ears .

P.C.Le.wis proved the case. The defendant when caught, gave a wrong name and address, and consequently was fined more heavily than the other defendants. TUEsDAY.—Before Councillor U. Roberts (chairman), and . .

Dr. Starkey Smith. THEFT OF BOOTS.—William Ellison, forgeman, V/ R charged with stealing from the shop door of tne Stafford- shire Huse, Market-street, a pair of men's laced-up hoots, valued 4a. 11d., the property of Elizabeth Edwards. The Chief Constable stated that a young woman, named Sarah Ann Silcock, employed at the Staffordshire House boot shop, heard someone shout into the shop, the previous evening, " He is stealing a pair of 1.00t5." She went outside and saw the prisoner run- ning away. She followed after him, and he dropped the boots. P.C. Forster was on the scene at the time, and apprehended the prisoner. The man 'clad had some drink. Sarah Ann Silcoe,k gave evidence as to seeing the man in possession of the boots. He was sent to gaol for one month's hard labour. AN OLD OFFENDER.—John Wavier, a well-known figure at the Police Court, was charged on a warrant, with being asleep in charge of a horse and cart in Liver- pool-road on the 3rd inst. P.C. Clarke informed the bench that about twenty minutes past twelve on Sunday morning, the 3rd inst., he WaS in Liverpool-road, when he heard a horse and furry coming along the road. He got alongside it, and saw the prisoner lying down upon a bag of onions, asleep. Witness took charge, and guided the horse to the end of Green-street, when he awoke Baguley, and asked him where he was, to which he replied that he was at Sankey Bridges. The horse was on the wrong side of the road when witness saw it, and he had to turn the horse out of the way of the mail coach. A fine of 10s. and costs, or 14 days' imprison- ment was imposed. THURSDAY.—Before Alderman Sutton (chairman) and

Major Ridgway. THEFT OF CLOTHING MATERIIL.—Annie Pownell, 61, Watkin-et., Mary Ellen Pownell, same address, and Sarah Ann Bowen, 81,W inwick-road, were charged with being in concert and stealing from the shop door of Messrs. Fowlei Bros., 25 yards of cloth, value lig., the previous day. Prisoners pleaded guilty. The atat enent of the Chief Constable showed that about 3.40 the pre- vious afternoon, P.C. Clarke saw the three pris mars handling some of the rolls of prints which were in front of the shop. P.C.Ciarke went to them and ordered them away. The girls went down Orford-st.,and the constatila walked away. A man named Leather soon afterwards told the constable that the prisoners " meant having something." P.C. Clarke on lo.!:ing rucz:.•.-N one of the girls take the print pr6duced and hand it in 6:2 of the other ;:t,irls,wlio put it under her shawl. Ile a restect the one in possession of the print,naineci Annie Pos.:nail who told him that her sister had given it to her. The magistrates bound the prisoners over to appear yahoo called upon, the Chairman remarking that when goods were placed outside a shop someone should he left in charge, as they were a temptation to people who were in any way inclined to be dishonest. AN ABSENTEE.—WW. Hughes was charged on remand with being an absentee from the Royal Anelesev The prisoner was locked up on his own confession. He was remanded to await an escort. AN ELDERLY PRISON-Ea.—Bridget Brown,of Frodshatn, who appeared to he abut 70 years of age, was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Scotland-road, the previous night, and further charged with being in pos- session of a pint mug and a glass and not 13;iea awe to give a satisfactory account of the same. P.O Itylatt stated that the landlord of the Brittan•a Ten called him to the prisoner. She was drunk and using bad language because he refused to serve her wiili drink. NV'tness found her in possession of the glass and jug produced. She told him she had stolen them. The prisoner told the mazistrates that one glass of beer male her drunk. She was discharged on promising to leave the town at once. SCHOOL CASES.—Mr. G. Riley, school attendance ! officer, prosecuted in the following cases of irregular attendance at school: James Bibby. plasterer, Tilley-st., ; John Fiddler, spelter werker, Pierpeint-st., 2.4. Sl., j and the boy ordered to he birched ; P. Healey, Stanl,y- -' 55,; Charles Parker, forgeman, 19, Lloyd-at., 23. 6d. : Peter Farrell, labourer, Crossley-et., ss. ; Charles Edwards, forgeman, Pierpoint-et., 5. ; Margaret Bakehouse-yard. 23. 6,1. ; Edward Pye, bricksetter, 75, Liverpool-road, 2s. 6,1.; Henry Bate, labeurer, Alder- lane, 2s. 6d.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON rETry SZ'SIONS.

SATURDia.—Before Mr. T. D. Grirnke Drayton (~hairm- au) and _Messrs.:l%FL Pearson, N. McCorgnodate, IL _ .

Stone, and J. L. Wood. DIZUNK.—For being drunk at Newton, Thomas Naylor was fined 25. 6,1. and costs. DratNir AND DISOITDERLY.—The following persons were lined for this offence : Thomas Leeskin at Newton si. and costs ; Michael Loftus on the 28:h nlt at i 1 ti roe 2s. 61. and costs ; Michael Hamilton on the 1-t inst. at Ilaydock, 24. 6 I. and costs : John Kiiceyne and Anthony Hughes on the 2nd inst. at Goltorne, 25. 6 I. arid costs ; Ambrose Harvey, on the 7th inst at liolborde, 55. and costs. CHIMNRY ON FlRE.—Robert Lyons was ordered to pay Is. and cots for allowing the chi•ltneti of ia dwelling noose to he on tire at Newton on the 26 ii May. A con- stable stated that the fire had burnt par: of the roof ut the roof of the defendant's house, which was a thatched one. Scaoot. ATTENNANCF. Case.—John Nlannion, High- street, tiolborae, was again brought before the bench charged with neglecting to send his daughter r,gularly to school. The cese was remanded at the previous ees- eiOni for further inquiries to be made. The tnaeietratee were again not satisfied with the evidence, and aI. journed the case. CRCHI.TT TO ANIMAL9.--"SamtlM DIMICatf, :zrocer. E sr- lest)wn, was charged with cruelty to ;es horse .ay caus- ing it to be travelled in an unfit state, and William King was charged with travelline the same. Inspector Leek- ings, R.S.P.C.A., stationed at Altrincham, rtated that on the 17th May he was at the cattle fair, Newton, when he saw King in charge of a grey pony which he was offering for sale. The animal was an emaciated condition. merely skin and bone, and in such a weak state that it could scarcely stand. It was lame on the near fore and near hino begs, and was it!so suffering from spinal disease, and ii diaeaeeC hip. On the hind quarters there were several raw woond.. Ile asked the Mall irt cnarge to move it about, and be had alinost to push it along. He asked the defendant, Duricatf, w,hy he had sent a poriv lilts that to the fair, and he sail he was very sorry he had done so. lie knew it was lame, and said he hoped witness would not report him, and he would give a donation to the Seeieey. Wn. W. Hill, vetesinary surgeon, Altrincham, gave corroborative evidence as to the cor.dirion of the p-tiy, and said it was totally unfit to be travelled. Sereeant Longworth also gave evidence.—Mr. ho acall statalt-t+t he gave another horse Altai 2.2 for tee pity, indies weaa quite nnaerare that it was suttering trout aoy diseaae or has would not have bought it. the gave instructiens King to sell it to a horse al aughterer. Th, magi sir atea imposed. 4 line of 104. and costs on Dun all, all.l tined; King in the coats on:F.—Andrew John em, dallyttaind., County Mayo, Ireland, was charged w ho sting, ill-treating, and torturing, a cow on the 17th neve Ineprctor Luckings said tile caeo was All L111,14(344 serious one, that of delaying warturition. At the cat.* ! market be saw the defeadant in charge of a nom eer of Irish cows. One cow was :straining mai in great latemci.. The defendant and his man kept toe otli,r eowa Oil reser move, and %aura also moving this one about, by beating it with stiens, in order to prevent it leen c alvine. Wie- ness brought a veterinary aurgeeti to it who ordered' it to be at once taken to a stable. Dm cow seete, taken to the back of a public he Use, and in: less than 25)minutes it gave birth to a calf. Tti, cos* was in A state of collapse. The orsect of the deteAdank was to disprese of the animal, betors that hapa,-ne I, in. order to save the expense sad trouble, ant to avoid haw- ing the animal heft usa his hands. Ttisdefend ant cid xwot allow the annual to atop in the stable more than titre-- quarters of au hour, which 9/Ai also anothe,r crusty di the cow. ...lEr. Hill, veterinery surgeoe, said was caused very great pain by the d drsinlant's c,indrats,, and the injury arising trom it no otie i ua Ii tell. 'rite Chairman said it was the worst cd,s,t ot cruelty they nt,i had to deal with, anti the defendatit smalsitidected tcle cow to most brutal cruelty. firi would o- used and costs. CmAncasi AutaxsT COLL/N114.--John Robinson and James Usiswortii. colliers, Haydock, were charged with having on the 3rd inst. at Haydouk, unlawfully anil malieiously damaged some clover raids, the property of Win. Alker. to the, amount of one penny each. Mr_ Kiley solicitor, St. Helens, represented the tiefentlanti. t' C. Blackburn gave evidenee as to seeing, the uelendants waiking across a clover field tenauted by Mr. Alker, on the date named. Mr. Win. farmer, Ilaydeck. said lie found his elsver in the field on which tb,a defend- ants were seen, to be terribly train,--led down, 1-itt.put the damage down at one penny each, but ic would no more. Mr. Riley, for the defence said the tie'.4t was sari- fenced off, and at one end there was a sand tipping. The field ran along the canal bankond there was no evidence to prove that the defendants had damaeed i, as the officer liiinaelf admitted that he ran acroas it. The magistrates had also to be certain bet re they convicred,. that the defendants" unlaa fully and in 4lilJiuuaSl " dam- aged the clover. Alter a short consultation the maeis- trates dismissed the CetSP.—Thrt two defendants were further charged with stealing a piece r>f iron value erg, shilling the property of Mr. S. Vs. Pallme. contractor. Mr. Stuart defended. The evidence tor the presets's lee proved that the defendant, Rot-Anson, Was neva carrying the iron under his arm, and when he saw the polio, offi- cer lie droppod it. The iron was used in the in aking ef bridges (Oldie Liverpeol. St. Helene, and Sown Lanca- shire Railway. Mr. Stuart contended that no pesot hal bean given that the iron balonged to Mr. Poling. and that there was not the slightest evidenee dust Unsarth I touched it. In the case of Rohinaen there was no felon- I loos intent, as the iron was 4 little or no value to him. Tee ease against Johnson was dismissed, and Ital.inson was bound over to appear when called upon.

--- - ANIMALS AND FISII STUFFED, and BI tnott,ted in Glass Cases of any design. HFIADS and HORNS monittcd also tor Sale. tiitrls in.ttle into Hand Sc,reens or Fire Screens. De.der ii British :old Foreign 13irds and Anitnals' Skins, Glass Shade.. So,gs' Heads. Cabinets, Str,re Boxe,, Beta, &.e, for But,.eillf. And •Fgg Collectors ---B. Cooxg,ls'.aturalist nad Fu:rier. 41, Itunshaw-street, Liverpcot

BRNACLI OF THE PEACE.—William Leather, Black- brook-road, Havdock, was hound over to keep the peace in a surety of 2.5, and also t) pay the costs, for commit- ting a breach of the peace at Haydock on the 28th May, by being disorderly. " PITCH AND Toss."—John Burrows, Henry Rimmer, Thomas Clayton, and John Winstanley, all of Golb,rna, were charged with playing at a game of chance on Sun- day the 3rd of June. P.C. Simpson stated that at five, o'clock the previous Sunday afternoon he saw the four defendants playin,at" pitch and toss " at Goßiome. Ile had had several complaints about this gambling go- ing on. A line of is. and costs each was imposed. SHOOTING A CAT.—Albert Twist, G ,lhorne, was • charged with having on , the 4th inst at Golhorne, un- lawfully wounded a cat, the property of Caroline Baines. The cotuplainant statad that the defendant told her on the date named that he had shot her cat. She told him he would hear more about it. She had never given hint permissioii to shoot the cat. The defendant had told her that he was missing his chickens, hut she informed him that she was willing to pay any damage done by her cat. Mr. Baines, and a lad also gave evidence, who stated that he saw the defendant shoot the eat with a gun. On behalf of the defendlnt John Dally,and James Crouchley, High-street, Golhorne, gave evidence as to heAring the complainant's father :=ay to the defendant that if he caught the cat taking his chicken's he must shoot it. Tie defendant was dismissed on payment of coats.

AS9 kIILTING A RE LAME .—Mary Burrows, was charged with having on the 22nd May at flavdock as- saulted a relative named Mary Burrows. The com- plainant stated that she was struck on the head with a can several times by the defendant, causing blood to flow profusely. P.C. Grosty gave evidence as to the wounds on the complainant's head. The comphinant had had some drink at the time, hut was not drunk. There had teen for some time great unpleasantness between the complainant and her relatives owing to her conduct. The defendant was a respectable woman.— Mrs. Burrows, the defendant, admitted striking the complainant, but said she was provoked by the cora- plainant's bad language. The maaistrates bound the defendant over to keep the peace for six months in a surety ot £5.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, JUNE • 16, 1894.

RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS.

Most.Av.—Before Messrs. J.-Handley (in the chair), S. Taylor, and F. J. Norman. NEGLECTFUL CHILDREN.—S-veral persons were sum- moned at the instance of Mr. John Frodshatn, on behalf of the Runcorn Board of Guardians for neglecting to inair.t:%iu their parents,and w(-,r, ordered to pay various sums per week, and also the costs of the proceedings. ' NON-PAYMENT OY WATIM HATE. Summonses were preferred against a number of persons for not having paid their water rates, and in e4Ch case order 4 were made agsist them for the payment of the same and also the costs.

ALLEGED EXISTENCE OF A BROTIIEL DI RUNCORN —A charge of keeping a disorderly house at No. 2, Mersey- square, Runcorn, wai; brought against Ellen‘loran, who did ruit, appetr.—Sergeant he tendered evidence in support of the prosecution, and upon the application of Superintendent Atherton the Benlh granted a warrant for the anprehension of the defendant. The latter was likewise charged with keeping a common lodging-house' without the same being properly licensed in accordance with the Public Health Act.—Matilda Holland and Katharine Bowden were charged with aiding and abet- ting the defendant Moran in the commission of th- offences named, but as neither of th,nri app-ared in answer to the charge, warrants were issued for their arrest. Pitoir.awr.LANGUAIFE.--Jano Ball was fined 103. includ- ing costs, for in taing use of obscene and nrofane lan- guage in E-11,,1r.5-vvirt on the night of the 4th inst. TRH TWO D.'.—Ellen Sannion was fined Sc. and enstg for being drunk and disorderly in Regent-st., at 10.30 p.m. on the 9th inst.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
"THE FIRING OF THE BEACONS."

On Nfonday evening, a lecture upon the above subject was given in the Bold-street Wesleyan Chapel by the Rev.j. Bond of London. The lecture was a continuation of the anniversary services of the Bold-street Wesleyan schools which were held the previous day. The chair was occupied by Mr. John Taylor of Museum-street. The Rev. G. D. Mason ee'preseed his pleasure at meeting the lecturer again in Warrington. Ile bad been of great use to Methodism in both town and country. So great was his (Mr. Mason's) faith in the ministry of Mr. llond,that during the time when he was stationed in Gloucester,he invited Mr. Bond for three years in succession to preach the anniver- sary services there, He hoped that Mr. Bond would have many other opportunities of :peaking again in that nnhleeanctuary. The Chairman said that he felt honoured by being asked to preside over that meeting. His sympathies were cert duly with the Sunday sehool movement, and particularly with the B:Ad-st. Sunday school,in- as-mueh as he laboured some ten years,as one of the superintendents. Since his resignation in that capa- city. the school had developed very much in num- bers. The Rev. John Bond then proceeded with his lec- ture. Ile said that the year 158 S was a very dark year in Europe. The Reformation had been accotn- pliehed in England, ,and England was looked upon ae the champion of Proteetautism everywhere. To both the Spanish king and the Roman Pontiff, she was ex•remely hateful. The Pope excommunicated Queen Elizabeth for her temerity in ascending the Englieh throne without Was permission. but this ex- communication lii not have any effect, upon the queen. Of much more consequence was the enmity of Spain, which was determined to bring England back by force to the faith of Mame. There was uni- versal movement in preparation for this purpose. The total force of the Etialish nation at 4;11.is period was 811,000 infantry and 1300 cavalry, but scarcely one Half of this number was available, and very few of the remaining half was acci4stnuned tc) war. and these were expee!ted to meet the Spanish veterans, men int-lured to war. But there was a woman in England in the person of Queen Elizabeth who by her example aroused the troops in the inest enthusiastic fashion. It, was, not, however, on land that, the cleat li,ght, was to be foeght,but on the sea. England 'hadtat. t his time on' al vessels, in which only a single ship "Tie Trkitnph," was over 1,000 tis burden. Thee ships were however zaanned by men whce knew not danger. There was the Lard High Admiral, Lard Ilewarde said to be n,(Jathelie, but more an Englishman then a Catholc. There was also-a man named Dritke,.:l,-tio held it to be his , mission tit, wAge perpetual WiirAgaillAt the Spaniards '.lllhennt‘t Hvgeasiy gain, t here was Probieher win hnd visited the shores of Greenland. Hawkins. afterwards Sir John awkins, was there, w-In was the :first Eng- lishmen Ito engage in this tradic of slaves, which descrihed to be the exorahle sum of till villarties." Hawkins was nevertheless a hsplendid seaman. There were. also Winter (and he terrib,le ,IS the season (4 the satroe name), .4..yrnour, and Palmer, men irreaietable, :and who were the first example of the volume teer movement, which had sprung up in this coun- try. 14,t, of Engliehmotti had to meet the " Invincible Armada," it trentendons Arse of 146 gr at number of which were over 1,000 Jone hurden. The lecturer then went on to des- cribe in a graphic manner.the arrival of the Armada, lotaid the. fight which ensued, and his eloquent l'addrees•vrae frequently applantled. !: At, the close it hearty vote of thanks proposed by !,)fr. J. nartley, seconded by fOuneallrir Shaw Green land suipported by the Re. v.J.Eirtlan, was accorded to i'the leetnrier far his able and interesting lecture. A simiirarcompliment was also accorded to this chair- :man. A collection was taken in aid of the Sunday Schoo4, and the total amount realized'lngether with the cahleitiouS of the previous day, amounted to

wyykT CAN CIITICURA DO FOR CHILDREN ? Every- Mime that i ele4Tl.ling. piirlfyliiL.:;tnct beautifyintc for I,le Skit,. So .Ip, end hair of infanta and children, the Cu'rtcu HA tir.,9AID/K4 will do. They 'Afford instant relief. permit and sleep, and point to a speedy cure In the most t. rturieg of 4.chinv and burning ee.rmias.. They ettar the skin of the inasst di•figurinv of humours. They cleanse the soak, of itoiruff, scales, and crusts. and restore the hair. They nitrify the blood of s' serwittons, airl hereditary ttrrnorim Everything about them inspires contitieni.te. They are absolutely pure awl ins y he used from the moment oti birth., They ere apeedy. economical, and unfailing. Parsnts. WO( of the lifetime of suffering otten entaile hy lack of early treatment. fies2in now. Cores mule irt Infaney and tthildhood are ailllOta invariably perm:kw-iv. (5)

In the Cambridge Mathernatical Trips, .N.lessrs. W. S. Arlie and W. F. Sed,wick are bracketed equal as Senior Wranglers. Among Ow vrorn.n.ll'si .7olin4on, of Newn- ham is rilacpd in Ctas4 1., Ihvision 1., a. place which no Tr ale student :ittains. Nliss E. H. Cooke, of Girron, equals thQ twenty-el:0)th wranler. Miss Johnson was niaced between the rilrli and sixth wrancrlers last Tear. She was born at Cambridge, and was sent to a public elementary school. Her bent for mathematics .nrly v I n itself, 'lie was assisted by privat- tutors, arid afterwards obtained a scholarship at Newnharn.

IMPURTTIVS PiTITF 131 000.—" We have seen hosts of letters from pe•mle who heve re eived great henetir horn the use of Clarke's ltlonl iixtur,. It cminnt he too hichly estirro.ted, for it elites mut n ears th- Wood in impunities." This 13 it ttond testimonial trom the tom 'lv Doctor, whieh goes on further to *ny : • 1 t is the finest Blood Purifier tint sciennet and ski!! have brought to light. and we can with the utmost confide:v.o recommend it to our subscribers and tie pub:id gen-rally." For ScrotSoa. • curvy, Ecz-rns. Bid Legs. Skin and Irmo 1 Disesses, 8 and sores of all kind., its efff.nts are marvellous..9 lions; rds of Testimonials. Clarke's TI!o-d Mixture is sold everywi ere, at 2s. 3.1. per bottle. Beware it worthless IT:l2,t,at'cvs and substitutes, -Advt. (41

===== 0002601_18940616_art0088.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
..t,.4. •

===== 0002601_18940616_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

TUIN children seldom like fat. Still, they will rema'n thin until they eat enough tat and assimilate it. rat. in fisid is ab.olutely necessary to ensure a natural develetme3t. Scitt's Emwsion of Cod Liver Oil, with hypophosphites of I irue and soda. is ;111 easy fat food for children, and in mishes them bow: insterial, thus preventing riokets and wAsting Csesses. Chi'drea rain flesh and strength yitlelcly with the shi of Q(..,,tt'3 V.To.olsion. Chemists sell it. Zs, 6.1., a• d 4s. 6d.—(14).

SANKEY WIRE MILLS V. WESTON 2ND TEAMS.—Played at Warrington rn Saturday afternoon. Score: Weston, 55: Sankey, 77. ARPLEY JUNIORS V. CEMETERY WHITE ROSE.—This match was played en the ground of the latter, and after an exciting finish the visitors won by one run. Score : Arpley Juniors, 47 ; Cemetery White Rose, 46.

OTTERSPOOL V. RUNCORN 2ND TEAMS.—On Saturday afternoon the 2nd elevens of the above clubs met on the ground of the former and after a good game the score stood :—Otterspool, 83; Runcorn, 40. CHESHIRE LINES ENGINEERS V. WINWICIC IST TEAM.— Played on the ground of the latter on Saturday last, resulting in a win for Engineers,by 31 runs. Cosgrove 15, Irvine 13, being top scorers for winners, and Longton 13 for losers. Harrison bowled well 6 wickets for 15 runs. Scores :

WINWICIC ENGINEERS. T Radcliffe nut out P Longton b Monks ll W Nevins c Pollitt b A Po litt b Harrison 5 Copple D Mathiesou st Howard b S Walker b Straw 8 Harrison li Copple b Monks 0 P Robinson run out 0 W St raw c& b Harriaost... 2 L Cosgrove b Matbieson l5 P Charnley st Howard b W Irvine a 3, b Copple Harrison A Vardy not out 1 J Harrison b Copple ...... .. 6 T Parsonage b Harrison 0 E Asbbrook- not out 3 A Baker run out 0 B Hackett b Copple 0 G Copple b Harrison 0 Extras

Total 33

Extras

Total

CHESUIRE LINES ENGINEERS 2ND V. STOCKPORT C.L.C.— Played on the around of the former, restiltinx in a win for Engineers, 45 runs and 1 wicket to fall. 'R. Lawless 20, being top scorer. Scores :

WIWI:PORT. ENGINEERS. Stother b J Lawless Clarlie b Lawie is Brown b Joe Genders Harrop c P Lawless b J Joe Genders b Sarson Lawless 1 J Lawless c Brown b Scott 4 Longton lbw b Genders Sco tb J Lawless SArson b J Lawless Appleyard b P Lawless ... 4 J Warburton b Ilarrop 0 Broirkes b J Lawless 0 E Whitham b Harrop 4 Buckley not out. Jordan c Ingham b P Law- J Foster not out 9 less 0 Extras

Total

Extras

Total

WARRINGTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL 2Nn v. COWLEY Scnoom, Sr. HELENS 2ND.—The above match was played a.: St. Helens on Saturday, June 9th, and ended decidedly in favour of Warrington. The time to draw, however, had been lixed for 5 p.m., and although another ten minutes would have won the match, it is needless to say it was not granted. Scores : B.G.S. (2ND). COWLEY SCHOOLS (2ND). P Swain b Turton 0 Wilson o& b swain II Roberti c Brocklehurst, Urrnson b Swain b Urmson 4 Hadley c Davies b Swain 4 T Beevers c Brocklehurst b Burke c & b Swain 0 Turton BA D tvies lbw b Urmson 8 Travis b Swain A G Ilt_wman c Brockle- _ Urmson b Furness

_ burst b Urmson 1 Brocklehurst c Davies b P Leigh not out l2 Duun 6 Milling not, out NV Moore, D Dunn, D C Hayea not out Wallace, 1' Furness, Southern c Davies b Dunn 0 to bat. Extras Total (for 5 wickets) 35

Extras

Total

RUNCORN WHITE ROSE V. . RUNCORN ST. Line's— These teams met on Saturday afternoon and engaged in a return match which eventually ended in a win for the " liw..es." Scores : WHITE ROSE. ST. LUKE'S. Williamson c Hassell b Hassall c Jones b Fergus- Dutton Sutton rue out Fergusson run out 7 Dean b Houghton ....... ...... . 2 Houghton b Jolley Jones c Percival b Jolley 3 Jolley b Ferguson 3 Green b Jolley Hough c Dutton b Percival 3 Percival c Fergusson b Hughes c Hassell b Per- Houghton 2 cleat France b Jolley 0 It Booth c Houghton b Fer- Cawley b Dutton France not out Jas. Hamer c France b Houghton Extras

Extras

Total 45

Total

===== 0002601_18940616_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

LEGFI CHALLENGE CUP COMPETITION.. The following matches were played in the above com- petition on Saturday. VIADUCT INSTITUTE V. GARWOOD HALL.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
AT EARLESTOWN.

INSTITUTE. GARIWOOD. HALL. T Compton J Savagr, F Davies P Talbot J Seddon 5 P 11111 IV Grimshaw 3 Green l3 J Molyneux 2l J WAtson 2l. E Unsworth l6

Total 1.44

Total' lO9.

AT GARSWOOD.

INSTITUTE. G.4.ItSWOOD TULL. J no, Lowe .. 21 J Ecc'es 7 J McAtee 9 G Howarth J Gee 2O C Adamson 2l A GiVel J Finch 2l T Robinson l4 R Partington J Hatton R Sherlock

Total .121

Total 145

Majority for Institute 11 13'4ETONWOOD V. Nzwxos.—Played at Newton, on Saturday. Sc,are : PLAYED AT NEWTON. —SCOre

- ------ ..- SURTONWOOD. NEWTON. J Heaton ... 21 Boardman A Naylor T Swift 2l J Williamson W.Culshaw J. Sm dlshaw J Altley E Yiekeregill X Mehers

Total

Total

PLATED AT Buracniwoop.—Score :-- mnrumwoon. .31 Robinson X Massey T Baxter B Itimick g W Hindley .7 Mehers T Jtigiw R Garn, ' NiSmethhrst - l6 Abbott -

NE.WTON.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
ITOLITNTRERS SHOOTING MATCH.

VICTORY FOR RUNUORN.

On Saturday afternoon a shooting match of a friendly nature took place on the Owley Wood Reng.-, near Northwich, between teams represent- ing volunteer companies stationed at Runcorn and Hartford. Very favourable weather prevailed. and the outcome of the match was a victory for Run- corn by /5 points. The following are the scores obtained :

RUNCORN.

200 500 601 To-

- yds. yds. yds. tAI. Sergeant Harvey Prtvite Houghton 2.9 ... 31 ... 27 ... 87 Sergeant Insliton 26 ... 23 ... 33 ... 85 Lance-Corporal Git tens Priv.te Joinson 25 ... 19 ... 24 ... 79 Sergemtt Cooper Se gernt Jovrtson 23 ... 32 ... 21 ... 76 Loine,,Co, poral Neild Tit tg'er Edwards 23 ... 22 ... 22 ... 72 Colour-Sergeant Mort 25 ... 27 ... 14 ... 66 -

Grand total 783 HARTFORD.

Sergeant Moore 29 ... 34 ... 30 ... 93 LAnce Corooril Lyon Corpor3,l Crawfor.l T.ance-SerePant Ban e 2B ... 23 ... 23 ... 34 Lance-Col • mat Bietne Private Sayle 27 ... 23 ... 21 ... 76 Colour-Sergeant Mus4rave Private Stock ton Serge.sot Lewii Lane.-Corporal Moore lB ... 24 ... 9 ... 51 -

Grand total 774

Ruprunr. CUTZF.I) Wrnincrr OPPRI.7IOII.—S. J. Snrgouusx Hernia Spr4lalist, 64, (ThAneery-Lane, London ; 2E., King. str.-et„ Mancheste • ; Book on rupture anti evil at trusses pot tre, 7ii

The Lmdon cab strike wa,l settled on Monday night thrmieh Mr. Asquith' 8 mediation. EPPS'S COCOA.—GRATEPUL AND COMFORTINO.— "By a thorough knowledge of the naturahlaws which govern the aerations of digestion and nutrition and by a careful applica- tion of the fine properties Of We 1-selected Cocoa, Mr. Epps has provided for our breakfast and supper a delicately tiavo,ired beverage which may save us many heavy doctor, bills. It is I.y the judicious use of such articles of ilist that a constitution may _ hi; giadually built sip until stronz enough to resist, every tendency to disease. We may escape many a fat d sh 'ft ijy kieping onrselves well fortified with pure Wu id and it properly non,ished frame "—" Civil Service Unzette."—Made sirm,lywith boiling water or milk.---Sold oiiyin Packets, by Grocers, lahAled—" JAMES l&r.n.s i Co., Itd , Homunpathic Chemists Loiniou."—Also makers of Epps's Cocoaine or Cocoa Nib-tixtract : A thin beverage of full tiay.air. DOW with many beneficially taking the place of tee. Sold In Warrit4ton bNilawden, Ittrateld.,,And Fercivra,

===== 0002601_18940616_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND THE DOCKS.

THE MUNICIPAL FINANCE QUESTION.

" I have not," said the gentleman designated the "Busy Bee," in reference to Councillor J. Shaw Green's final statement of last week, in connection with the Municipal Finance discussion, " seen the Borough Treasurer's report for 1894, and therefore we have only the 1893 report to go on. It was on the figures contained in that report,that 1 based my calculations and arrived at the average rate of interest paid by the Corporation, viz., .E 3 6s. What has been done since in paying off all the :C3 10s. and loans has nothing to do with the Borough Treasurer's report for 1893. Councillor Shaw Green referred to a Select Committee of the House of Commons reporting in 1882 that they had in no case permitted the repayment of a loan to be extended beyond 60 years. When I quoted Reading as having the very year before got more than this period, he then says it is since 1882. "I have this week been in communication with the Local Government Board and they state that since 1882 several towns certainly have obtained periods longer than 60 years for the repayment of their loans.

"The fact is the Finance Committee have no money and they don't know which way to turn to find it. On the one hand they are frightened of tke ratepayers—and well they might be with their 6s. Bd. rate f—and on the other hand they appear to be frightened out of their very wits of the Local Government Board

"What do we want money for? And how can we get it cheapest? Those are the questions which want the attention of the Council. We want money to make Warrington what it aught to be and what it deserves to be.

"We want money for the Warrington docks, for it is evident the Canal Company cannot make them, Sir John Harwood having even said in respect to the question that "you cannot squeeze blood from a stone." We also want money to widen the thorough- fares block by block. "We want the money without increasing the burden of taxation. The vice-chairman of the Finance Committee and the members of that Com- mittee have been told in plain and uncaistakelble. terms that they are borrowing their money too dear and repaying it too quickly and that through their want of tact the ratepayers are heavy losers ! that if they are going to Parliament the ir better plan is to go for powers to issue a consolidated stock charged' indifferently on all their rates leviable, &c.' and on, the funds end revenues belonging to the Corpora- tion, and above all not to adopt those methods of finance that have been discarded by other Corpora- tions as disadvantageous, namely the issuing of 'de- benture stock." "I cannot say with Councillor Shaw Green what the Committee of the House will do. I only know that to have tine broad streets and thoroughfares ' through Warrington would be a good thing and that to have the Warrington docks so that vessels of 3,000 tons could berth there without encountering A lock on their journey from the sea would be a great blessing to the manufactures of Warrington, and through them indirectly, to the ratepayers .at large. "I know the scheme of carrying out these improvements can be put into effect.. It simply: wants the will to do it, Granted that the Bill has to be deposited by the 20th December, there is nothing to prevent it being deposited by the Ist October, and this being so very little time can be lost in drafting a comprehensive scheme and arranging for the counsel, deputations, and wit- nesses to attent Parliament.

"Bankers, merchants and manufacturers came into the town in view of the advent of the Manchester Ship Canal and it, is useless- to urge them to wait. The Ship Canal Company must know that the mcmey they have in hand will I be absorbed in the erection of suitable warehouses at Manchester, the lack of which is at the present time preventing the ship owners from taking their vessels thither for discharging their cargoes.. In the meantime Liverpool is bidding against Man-, chester for the traffic, and they are getting it, and will continue to get it, whereas if many of the vessels were able to put into the port of -Warrington the Manchester Ship Canal Comp.ny would at any rate gain the advantage of the tolls from Warring- ton to Eastham. "It is therefore to the interests of 'both Warring- tem and the Canal Company that they should come to terms, and provision be made by Warrington for the construction of the docks. _

" 'rainy knowledge manufacturers of Warrington have not been interviewed wit's a view to ascer- taming what traffic they could guarantee the Canal Company, and I believe, despite opinions to the contrary, that if suitable terms were made sufficient traffic could he guaranteed from Warring- ton to ensure the success of the docks. _ .

"The Ship Canal Company. I: understand.have expressed their willingness to help the Corporation. in every way if they are desirous of con4ructing their own docks. They have offered to give War- rington their sanction ,and approval if they seek to apply for the power to undertake-the work, which could be included in the Bill for the widening of the streets. This work shoula be got on with at onee,.inetead of allowing two years and a halfito elapse which cannot fail to retard the progress of the town, and divert the traflialrora the Canal Coml. . party..

A PERFECT CURE WILKINSON'S SPECIAL ELIXIR

- - For weakness, loss of flesh andvital power, rest- less sleep, pimples,nervous exhaustion, & ailments arising from early or later-day errors. Address:- Messrs. Wttxtusow, Medical Hall, Sheffield. 4/f

THE CASE, WILL CURE YOU POST 41g:

LONDON AGENTS :-MESSRS. 110VENDEN, 91, C] ROAD. who will forward hypo.

;

--- At the 'Warrington. Borough Court on Fri'. before • Alderman Harrison and Mr. S. Wrigbfat' Thomas-and Hermit' kdcroft, 44, Tilly-street, each charged that on 2,5 th May and other datf,ef during the- past six months, being in custodY tertain children, Clara, Eli2abeth, Robert, JosoU and John Henry Adcroft,they unlawlally neglec4,l'4. such children in a,manner to. cause unnecessary sunf ing. Mr,_J; 11 Iluckton. who prosecuted on behail• to- the Z,NS.P.O C.,.saidttiat the a?es of the children werenb, follows --Olara,nine years ;:ltobert,seven years : J05eri.4.1, five years ;John Elenrv,, three years; and Elizabeal,„j monthe. The male defendant was a file cutter earned 223. The neglect in the present ease was much for want of fooclias for want of clothing and vOcti. , of cleansing. 'Pie child:cen were in a most filthy 00.,n, tion, and there•wAs no proper furniture in the The house was visited by. the Inspector of the S4clet.37t e, company-with a, constable. At the time there was Ole stickof furniture worth calling furniture,or food the exception of a- few, hard crusts, which were tottbe for human food. Dr. Bowden had also examined 11:4,, children, And,he•wouhi speolt as to their condition. to the ease of one of the chddren.its heal was so 111019 tat, it was almost eaten away. The ease was in a ~,gritire extent due to clrink„.both, of the defendants beinZ 113.'it of drinking. 'the maleprisoner stated that he g-ior' his wife 17A. 6d. per e& and paid the rent.—lnsPeva McAteer,, 11.8-P:C.C:,, said that on May 25th he viVie- the house of the prisoners in company with P.C.3'iotbtlaw, cock.. He found five children present, who were their,- father and mother being out. He fouriLbye girl Clara's hail* very much matted and ir 0, I ;with, vermin on her clothes. She lia'f.ol6l: an old bodice,.chemise and frock, and a Pair °lo.j boots very much worn. The ether children were ai.oey la similar condition,, some of them suff,rin, frorniol* 'heads, and one from' sore eves. He weighed -John 11:300. -And found!that he weighed 201b3 and 3 ounces, al,tt4:o". iat his age he should weigh 27 lbs. The little gill -',.." r,e() ibeth weighed 16:1bs instead of 21 lbs. The father 51 Or to witness that he was ireceivino 223. weekly, f'ttoilefr 'pad a son ,Samuel, earning 4s. 61. per week, aid tliil off ialso earned l. When they came in that morningni, woman appeared to be muddled with drink, and ust,et !black. eve, the ether eye also apparently just getti3„.og Cr ter. Witness examitel the cupboard. and founav-,„jpi I ing therein, but ao few. hard crusts. lipstairg, i"„rse no clothes on the bed with the exception of old troillos, ; 'jackete,,X:. The rooms were very filthy, ancl.osr*e,-,A, .; also a stench coining from the rooms.—s. Al— corroboratad the inspectlea statement, and :neighbours were also called, who each admitted 'children were dirty, but said they had neveriSeu;,,jer'-. ;defendants under tho influence 4 said that from the filthy condition the children he consid,-red that the children w, re subject tolli.loloo .; sary suffering.. Hethought that the rooms of the er4 were too dirty for human habitation.—TotlTriltiref, ' said that although their children were ~ clirtY loe' : were; not" ii4tshv.." They however, promi3el ---; 01' after them, better in the future.— The tragistrat_e;;4lo .journed the case ICr four weeks to give the prisoin"— t, oppmtunity of fulfilling their promise. $ ......._„. frO A SEASONABLE REPROOF . leo EDITOR. RESERVES

(ALL . Dear Mister Editor, Pm sure You're wrong' in your insinuation-- That t'isn't wholesome, right and good That Liquor should control the nation,!'. Sift There is no power on England's ,7,-ratinti t Can cope with Drink, that makes you; "Ogh.,'? Would YOU change the trend of mundankrthing° When you know, " what. i 3, is right,"•sir. Why tant of Virtue, Happiness,. Health, Reason, and all such things trsvial. Compared with this stupendous Drank That keeps us D-- I mean conxixiaa)? Wh:it, though its influensie and power Be mainly built up by old Nick,,siz— 'Tis treason sad to scowl or scoff; At such a spirit-uelle.Elixir 'Tis but a trivial ineident That to King Rung is surely owiag Nine-tenths of all the miseries Through our dreas pathways.thkaly flowing' And trifling drawbazka ne'er shoiislai be Allowed to dim the lustre grapbit.i, Or check the mystic forces of The all-predom.,lnant Mink Traffic! Therefore 'tis meet that Magistrates, Town-Councils. Guardians, and such cattle.. Should quake with fear lest they offend . v Trp. Party for whom King Dung cloth batt!4?' No one should, dare then think a thought, Or grunt aoentiment. disloyal To th' suptaundane monarch, Drink, So grand, benignant, potent, royal! So ring the flu chime the flute. Coax from the fiddle a dulcet shower—, While humbly we convolve the knee. And warship this perennial Power! ADAM OW°

0

Warrir.,i.on, 6th June. /894. (To ii di.icontinued.)

10

I

- N /6 BY.

•

vitan;' trofrs.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
THE. WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT I:WALING SOCIETY.

A DISASTROUS TOSS.

This club held its last English race for old ,bards from Yentnor, Isle of Wight., on Wednesday lest,, 200, miles, 21 members sending 260 birds. The con- voyer Mr. Alex. Hilton, of ‘l. igen, the Manchester club's convoyer liberated the birds at 9-40.0a.:Da.,in clear weather with the wind blowing from the S.D.:. Under these conditior.s the-birds should have- homed in good time, but there is no doubt that after being tossed very heavy weather must have, been en- countered as shown by the result. tip to six„.e'zlock p.m. only three birds were known to have arrived and only about la having arrived by nine o'clock the following morning out of the whole 260. Several members whose birds ilia shewn good form in the previoos races had not a single bird returned on Friday and it is calculated that the loss sustained bN the members will be consider- ably over .£lOO. It seems very strange that the convoyer should telegraph weather clear and. yet ' the weather reports tor the south, state the weather to be very dull andliazy, wind N.N.-E.,,0n this day. Not only has the Warrington club sulf.tred but it is believed ManclLester, Oldham, and Liverpool, have met the same. fate. Result : Velocity yds. per minute. *l—E. Burrows .. 842 *2-11. Clam 842 3 Clare . 758 4—J. .14Lnes 735 5—J. Houulirmi 643 6--F, C. Dixon 7—E. Burrows The following arrived the dAy ;otter. B—Wm. Healey 9—Win. Lamb 10—Fl. F. Greenough 11—H. F. Greenough 12-3. Burgess 13-11. Barnes 14—M. D. Woodhead 15—M. D. Woodhead 16—H. Woodward .. ' 17—A. Buckley *Burrows beats Clare by traction of a yard.

...skr

T

===== 0002601_18940616_art0095.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18940616_art0096.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
titha

===== 0002601_18940616_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW THE ESKIMO COURT.

The E. , --- tI, s.kano count upon their fingers—one, two, three Yur, five. Above five and up to ten they use.tho : ;41ecord hand; thus, six is " the first fing.P.r ot the other . t stanc it'itnti." Above ten they employ the toes. Thirteen for e, is" three toes upon the one foot," and eigh- three toes on the second foot." Twenty they t ohe ai " a whole man." rhey seldom says" Little L.,148 " go fanner than this, but they cad do ,so if neces- rrY. For example, they express twenty-two by si...ying • e„'T-0 on the second than ! " thirty-seven by ' two toes ' 'he a second man's second foot ; " forty is " the wlaole ' of `email man." According to Dr. .Nansen they cannot `,. at l e east, do not, count beyonu one hundred, which is the whEde of the fifth mall."

===== 0002601_18940616_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
GETTING LAND FOR NOTHING..

---- / recent nnlice•court case says Cassell's "Saturday -• discloses the !Act that there are fortunate tkine in London who have never paid rent, simply be- One has ever asked them for any. But there bite7°Pie even more fortunate. In the suburbs many Tile of land have been acquired simply by " squatting." sett' trBt Possessor of nomadic training has a desire to I'vn, and seeing a plot of no-man's-land, builds if tl,`Y uPon it. one takes any notice of him, and the"! squats " for thirty years without dispute, he has, kr tri,i"g,ht 01 possession. If he or his descendants "squat",, is -rtY Inure still without question, right of property tio:?ured and the title is ginou. At Loughborough Junc- Nta 8 a large house built by the descendants °La 418:Ater on land acquired in this.way. At Nunhead is c• -surious example. A" squattcr " lived in a hut for tee4,l3-ears, and finding no one claimed the land, pro- to build a more substantial structure. Whenever dro„u ~ an old brick lying about, he picked it up and rakiAt it home, and by degrees collected sufficient to buitctil. start. The wood he scraped together from old, fnaterials, and finally, he saw lainnielf the pos- VA• r A brick building, all of which he had put to- tostetVrith his own hands, and which had in reality "114 next to nothing.

ETTING ON RACE-COURSES. • AN IMPORTANT PRCSEGUTION. A ea se of considerable interest was heard on V Monday rail im ,airpton Police Court. kr.. Charles Spson 4dj in"itiu lir. John Ernest Frail, lesseet of the enclosure ng the grand stand at Northa,mpton J2acecourse, hettinallina>aned for permitting the place to be ,used for trlenj horse-racine% Mr. J. Abrahams was sum- for Making bets at the same place. The enclo- • vgi Sllep,„lal know as the Ten-shilling Ring, and it was eoe:r tuatttie offences against the Betting Actbad been nitted it in April last. the summonses were t:eeeetary red at the instance of Mr. John Hawke, the hon. •set Utj ofthe Anti-Gambling League. For the pro- stra,;,7ll evidence was called to prove that boottnakers in ott -Le garb made bets in the enclosure, that they called and received deposits, and that these facts were Lrl the knowledge of the lessees. On the other band for the defendants,said Mr. Hawke tritund— cotrage to go into the witness-box, thst the p tem,;me againEt betting had a champion beneath eon- ' Gul alad that there was no more illegality in Mr. ' ' the counsel for the prosecution, and himself mak- efije4 bet than there was in Mr. Hawke going into his tthieehinLloYd's is:lbscription rooms and betting,, not on `tette horse tirstt.r.ast the post, but on men's lives and ikteu.,ll shiPs. The summonses were distnisged, on the iltraedthat. alther.[2:li illegal bettint, took place, Messrs. ‘tati Ah„au knowkdge of it. The defendant, Abrahams, ed £2 and .eosts for betting ; but his e,ounsel gave Qf PPeaL

===== 0002601_18940616_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
PLAGUe IN HONG KONG.

The FIFTEEN: HUNDRED DEATHS. •41t(1,-, secretary of ttk;,N. Eastern Extension, Auetralasia Telegraph,:,C ompany, Limited, informs the, 71'1147,ue that the following telegram was received on irtg tt,',4Y from the comp,ny's Hong Kong station respect- ague • •• Hay ( fthe native population of Hong ler t. numbering 100,000, leaving by thousands otk, 4i. Fifteen hundred deaths. Several Europeans tertriv „ale died. Labour market piralysed. Deaths Gouezciment anticipates failure of enue,and propcs‘‘s taking osier and destroying calt.hy native quorters.”"

titi7e-Avcvnen were found dead in their homes in Little t,t4tliLarLd-g-,, Glasgow, . da7 night. It is believed cateoltPleis:

."0 • i , .1‘ .4. -...7. • tt. • I A tt :.'nt e r '4.) r • ' 1.. - r r- - 1."-' .... A' :,,r • •.0. .. " l',. ..,4V•4' ''... ~.. , i ~/ 1 .., ~ •'..; '.‘,.. \ ..1 r tt.,, .. t , r: - , I; '. i t . * • 'itt, • . k .1' 0. ' '

THE EXAMINEIZ, SAITiRDAY JUNE 16, 1894.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0100.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
:4

===== 0002601_18940616_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
~,...1m.....'. ---- ----

__--.--.----.....

reA ,c) 0. ,osslble

let, and nearest ,paCked exile'''. at our

ri eiler: are ri°!; r been •••• ng rig')

IDON. _ THE BEST. ft, Light. 201bs. ers 281 b• .Ii iitar Safette3 and others ',eh loss 2

for Strs,•a°o 'List -- A ree• r" 316:, igs, Pa.,is ssoPiniP;is ,stirnotl.l ~, L Macht° variety'.

2.......,......._____. i cao:4*

16),

0 Sit! .tight'9 Otis:lo'

J CrIY-

===== 0002601_18940616_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
.' I' ',,,,,,iti:4)1 (~ 4 '..f ....',:`,.‘ ~ a, p., ...? •,•,. A ' ' .;‘7, ' 1',..:., •.. . ' , ~,, .4 .14^'.. ~,,,.. '4,4 ;si: '4. ' r., ;:e t'l4 , •. ,•,! 7.7'1,n. ..:!'y - ' ; f., ,r'N •'. .t, r.: ~, , ...40, ..VA. ...4 , • ~., , +.,.; '..-. .. ...4 '.... ~ ,;',;',.. )4., ,7 tr, ' i • .4 .ii, ' ' ' A 'fr, ;" v.- • ' •1•1 ' ' !,) '. ••, - ' .t: . 'l4. :siccti' A 1;,-14,7., • . .a.4' u.L.k ..• T., • tot,' .t i ... •••••,. 4f. ' * L- ' A 4 C'Te .4 Ar',', •t•.' '.. -,r 4. 1 .!•-4,,,?., 0 *i'. ' ..;';' hl. *V, .'... •,^0,.•• ..1„ A,,,,, .., •, ,1,1"',v . -.4'1 .$ /..4bF'. ...• •: . 41:i 4 A'4l . '4. 't : •••• ' t't• 't ;,:4'.,'•'. , , ' • to:',4oP: ..." V • . . .4, ....• ~7, , ; ••1 • A. 1 .. ' • 1,',"3/4`..ai,. 4 ~ ,;': ..t t:i4 'i•T'' ''' kV, ~,-; , ~ "O' 4s,•ni•l• •-•'l4' ...• ~ ~-,••••••' • . .0 04 1 tt;t...'", qi''‘' ~.k: •::,. <4. ~, ..;• ti, 43?$ a . •OV.: '''..‘l4l . ....;','/. • 1 1., jil,4 , .1 4.1 '' OVA . .'',l:•': •t••,, 4),AY, ~t...1' - .r,i4,.,,v-.,;-w., A , - -.c.-.44.;17.,--.. th,',..st it '' , • •'1'.4;:'....' 'VI, ..7.1,vi",' . , : ''• '01; .1.0',. ~ ,v.,i,,.• v. ~ ..c.....;,, ;., }, yr.N.i.....Y. 7., ,lit''', - ~,,t ,4,, ~4, , (.;••• ',..-44'.04 A 4 '4' r I•'• • ~,,,''

BEECHA 'S

gill .A 4 • -1 _4 " •

11' 151 Ak. 9S `k

PILLS.

1.4

PILLS.

vATABLISHED 185

13IRKBECK BANK.

Southampton Buildings, Mane Pry Lane. Loudon. TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEREST aliowL,a on DEPOSITS, repayable on demand. TWO per CENT. on CURRENT ACCOUNTS. on minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below £lOO. STOCKS. SHARES, and ANNUITIES purciianed and seld

===== 0002601_18940616_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
SAYINGS DEPARTMENT

For the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receives small sum on deposit,and allows Interest monthly on each completed Li

BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY HOW TO PT_IRCHASE A HOUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH.

BiRKBECK FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASH A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE &KILLINGS PER MONTH.

Tise BIIIRBECR ALMANACK, with Pull particulate. post ire FRANCIS R&VENSCEOFT. Manager.

LADI ES—FEMALE I RREGULAR IT' ES and L./ OBSTRUCTIONS.—Th DIFFICULTY SOLVED AT LAST.—A lady having Tried in Vali, Every Advertised Remedy, has at last discovered a SIMPLE MEANS of SELF- CURE, particulars of which she will forward FREE OF CHARGE to Her Poor Suffering Sex ou receipt of stamped addressed envelope. Send at once, and waste no more time and money upon Worthless Pills. Mixtures, and other So- called Remedies of this class, which case pain, sickness, and injury to the system without hiving the necessary effect.— Write, with full hope and confidence, to Mrs. ST. CLAIR, 46, Southampton Buildings, Chancery-lane, London, W.C.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
LEV-,1 „,,4 ituT

All who have HORSES and other ANIMALS should try this most wonderful preparation. One or two applications will cure SORE SHOULDERS, BROKEN KNEES, CRACKED HEELS-, OPEN WOUNDS, and sores of all descriptions. To be had from Agents or direct from the ANTICUTA SYNDICATE COMPANY, LIMITED, 3S, Snow Hill, London, E.C., Veterinary Medicine Manu-. lecturers. Special Sample Cases as under forwarded to nearest IZailwAy Station carriage paid for to/6. 114. m e Ant;euta. , 1 Bottle Antlents 2/, !!",: 1 „ F9,l,roea4ina.. 1 „ Eint.ro,,ation • • V- Fr 7 2 ..F•tver - I I-1 2 ~Calving and Clean- P.' 2 Grit., and Colic •• 17. siom dritikot .. 24 Mtn-amen tlek-irte-up „ Gripe & Colic drinks •-• a, I 7.t Cattle Cordial „

rp _IL 0 _I /ADM

THE GREAT INDIAN FEMALE MEDICINE, was dis- covered by a married Lady during her travels in the Far East, who has never known it to tail iv( removing the worst cases of Irregularity or Obstruction in two hours, even after all other remedies fail, nothing can possibly resist the actien of this extra°, dinary preparation, w Well is almost instantane- ous in its effect. Ladies will avoid much txpense. illness, worry.and cruel bitter disappointment by having this remedy at once. Sent secure from observation for 4s. 6d.—Mrs. BAR- RINGTON, 4. FeAtherstone-buildings, London. W.O.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
"FOR THE. BLOOD'ISTHETLIEVI

CLARKE'S 11

WORLD-FAMED •

===== 0002601_18940616_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
BLOOD MIXTURE

THOUSANDS OF 'TESTIMONIALS.

"We have seen hosts a letters, from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the blood from all Impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, whirls goes on further to say; "It is the finest Blord Purifier that E deflect and skill have brought to light, and we c...n with the utmost confidence tecommend it .to ciur subscribers and the public generally."

Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from u•luiteter cause arising For Scrofula, Scurvy. Eczema, skip and Blood Dise,aset, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects ere marvellous. It is the only real specific tor Gout and Rheumatic Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood and bones. 'thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 94. and lls, each, of all Chemists. Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- pris.tors LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIHS DRUG COMPANY. LINCOLN. Beware of Worthless Imitations.

TOWLE'S PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS for Females, quickly correct all irregularities, re:nove all obstructions, and relieve the distressing symptoms so preva- lent with the sex. Boxes Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. of all chernikva sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps by the maker. R. T. TOWLE, Chemist. Nottingham.

There is no

===== 0002601_18940616_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
• If'.ISWAIL " ,t. rw, J " 1.6 • 4, er • f " • ti 6'4/ Istater*Jll4 ElarWif 4.410* a 117

....,.....„4,.....,....,.,.0.... ,ecr.„,,,,w4 4 o 73 . ,b, ~....„ 071. I ~,- .11 ?•,-,,*;k4 '''...' &4,'. ,!.% '. ; fil' _ill ...1 . ' es l• - ~ti*C:A 4Z,W.4 ' Ara '1.;'4442421=6,65:1A r?ViAlkal ' ' s kk nategitio -a

Are universally admitted to be worth a Guinea a Box for Bilious and Nervous Disorders, such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach, Sick Headache, Giddiness, Fullness, and Swelling after Meals, Dizziness and Drowsi-

ness, Cold Chills, Flushings of Heat, Loss of Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Costiveness, Scurvy, Blotches on he Skin, Disturbed Sleer, Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Trembling Sensations, Scc. The first dose will give relief in twenty minutes. This is no fiction, for they have done it in countless cases. Every suf- ferer is earnestly invited to try one Box of these Pills, and they will be acknowledged to be

===== 0002601_18940616_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
1." • iffrierttlin - • • 1 - 4 , , . • 615.1 f:147 4 ' A 1 2 V . , 11 .•

For Females of all ages these Pills are invaluable.

No Female should be without them.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0109.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A ' Lo I 411

===== 0002601_18940616_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
Fv, HA ,s

, ; . :

•• ariT7 tok ..4e • •

71-n1 A. 71, " • xv,„ 14-24.‘ -

17.1;; tp , , "VP r 1112 Ec,.lk r.

pi !. • LEI •

, I • 3 ,

e

PILLS.

7.*"0 ) , ."PA 1164164.3 • Ike, 43

medicine to be found to equal

BEECHAM'S PILLS for removing any obstruction or irregularity of.

7steir.

If taken according to the directions given with each Box, they will soon restore Females of all agts to sound and robust health. This has been proved by thousands who have tried them, and found the

benefits which are ensured by their use

For a weak stomach, impaired digestion, and all of the liver, they act like magic, and a few doses will be found to \yolk wonders upon the most important organs in the human machine. They strengthen the whole muscular system, restore the long-lost complexion, bring back the keen edge of appe- tite, and arousc into action, with the rosebud of health, the whole physical energy of the human frame These are facts testified continually by members of all classes of society and one of the best 2-uarantees to the nervous and debilitated is that BEECHAM'S PILLS have the largest sale of any patent medicime. in the world.

disorders

Full directions ar,o given with each Box. Sold by all Muggists and Patent Medicine Dealers in the

United Kingdom,

In Boxes, at 9k1., is, id„, and 2s. 9d. .each.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0111.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
--

.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
THERE ARE PLASTERS AND PLASTERS.

PYNAR'S

AMERICAN PINE PLASTER. ARE MARVELLOUS AND RELIABLE.

If you ore troubled with Indigestion. Wind. or Sick- -5:005. DON' P TAKE MEDICINE. TRY PYNAWS PINE PLASTER, the most Wonderful Cure for Back Ache, Side Ache, IlheumAism, Ltonba,zo, Sciatic. ; in fact, the very worst Aches or Pains. THEY ACT LIKE MAGic. Are Grateful, Comforting, Stimu!atin;.r„ AND BRACE UP THE WHOLE SYsTEM. Astonishing Testimonials from all Classes. SUFFERERS FROM ASTHMA SHOULD TRY THESE WONDERFUL PLASTERS. DON'T 1-IE3IT ATE. TRY THIS WONDERFUL REMEDY AT ONCE. If your Chemist has not got it, smt Post Free for 9?,c1. by the Proprietors, LAWRENCE, AND CO., CHEMISTS, RHYL. AGENTS: RUNCORN—Mr. J. H. Weston, Chemist. WIDNES—Mr. J. Bennett, Chemist, 32. Victoria Boa]. BARLESTOWN—Mr. A. Peake, Chemist. WARRINGTON r . J. R. Young, Chemist. ST. HELENS—Mr. G. Stringfellow, Central Stores. NORTHWICH—Mr. C. M. Blades, Chemist,

===== 0002601_18940616_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
kettryo to the etitor.

THE ARNIS OF WARRINGTON.

Sir,—l have lately been endeavouring to compile, under the title of "The Book of POlic Arms," a collec- tion ol municipal and county arms. I should be glad if you would allow me through your columns to draw public attention to the arms of your town. These, as they have been supplied to me, are described in the accompanying cutting -in-1m my proof sheets, but as the arnss of the Corporation, they are absolutely bogus and of no legal or valid authority. Further, the - presumption which is made to the accompanying ornaments of the banners of the Ea,ridoin of Chester and the Duchy of Lancaster is at the same time impudent and supremely ridiculous. I understand that recently, through the generosity of Mr. F. Monks, a handsome pair of gates for the entrance of the new park have lately been presented to the town, and I hear that it is intended that this aforesaid ludic- rous achievement should appear in all its bastard glory in a prominent position thereupon. May I enter my protest against any such perpetration of sheer ignor- ance? It would be far and away better to have DO arms at all than that insignia should beset up which any- one having the least heraldic knowledge can turn at once into an object of open ridicule. Considering the importance of the town of Warrington, it most certainly would seem to be desirable that someone intimately or officially connected should take steps to see that a legitimate coat of arms were obtained to take the place of the bogus achievement in use. There is no necessity for the use of any arms at all, but if the display i 3 made, the laws of arms most certainlyshould be complied with, and a genuine coat be substithited.—Yours,

ARTHUR CHARLES FOX-DAVIES. Granville House, Arundel-stre?t, London, W.C. The following is the cutting referred to above :—War- ringtm (Lanca,shire)—Has no Armorial Bearings. The following are quoted in Burke's " General Armory' : " Ar. six lioncels, three, two, and one gu.. being the Arms of Vilars, the first Lords of Warrington." The Corporation generally make use of the design upon the seal, which represents the above arms, and behind them in saltire two banners,that on the dexter si 1e gules, charged with three lions passant guardant in pale or,and a label of three points argent, being intended for the arms of the county Palatine of Lancaster ; that on the sinister side azure charged with three garbs or, being intended for the arms of the County Palatine of Chester. In place of the crest, the seal shows a sword and a mace in saltire, the sword enfiled with a wreath of laurel,tloth surmounted by .a scroll hearing the ins:!ription," Anno Decimo Victoria: Reginse." Debrett gives a motto (which appears to be used in the t3wo), " Deus clat incremen- turn."

0! THE PITY OF IT!

Sir,—l have lately been entrapped into the disburse- ment of a sum of money-2;0 to the £—for which I consider myself not to have received an equivalent—as advertised. In a moment of weakness I invested the sum of one penny in a copy of a paper called the "Anti- Infidel," attracted by the title of one of its articles, " Moses more reliable than the astronomers." Immedi- ately my imagination went out upon the subject and conceived some strong hand, directed by some strong head, rehabilitating the character of Moses as a scientifi- cally accurate historian. Need I say that it would give me pleasure to see the astronomers" slated "—that is the appropriats slang,l believe—if their divergence from Mosaic accuracy would be demonstrated ! In pleasant anticipation of the act of recuperative justice I spent my penny and lost my pleasant anticipation in the blank and disappointing reality. Naturally, where the alleged inaccuracies of a science like astronomy are concerned, one looks for physical de- monstration of the alleged errors. But no! From be- ginning to end the article deals only in the opinions of such people as "Parallax," or Dr. Shoepter, of Berlin, who is of opinion that the preser.t sys'!em of astronomy is an " universally disseminated delirium of lunatics!' No evidence is offered in support of such statements of which the article is full, but the world—the believing world—the anti-infidel world—is expected to accept such assertions upon the ipse clixit of a set of cranks. And here is the pity of it ! Let us assume, for argu- ment's:sake, that the bible is all that its admirers claim for it the Word of God divinely inspired by Him, and designed for the improvement and regeneration of man- kind. Let us concede, upon the same grounds, the dictum of another luminary, that the bible is " the most scientific book in existence. It is loaded with science from the first chapter of Genesis to the end of the Revelation." Let all this be granted for the titne,would it not, have been more convincing and less of an insult to the understanding of the readers of the "Anti-Infidel" in general, and of this most remarkable article of William Bathgate,M.B.C.A., in particular,if he had been able to " show up " even one of the errors of modern astronomy? To assume that the God who designed this work needs to have it defended by such meretricious futilities is an insult and an impiety against the God they profess to adore. Such stuff as this can only result in intellectual degradation to its readers, and, although I feel sure it can only tend to advance the cause I have at heart—the freedom of religion from theological train- mels—still it grieves me to see even so good a cause advocated by such wretched means. Surely it is punish- ment enough for the believers to accept the inevitable, to be slowly, but surelyi put through the agonizing prn— cess of disillusion, without the added injury of such intellectual insults ! The cause of the God of Truth can never be advanced by meritricious means. Viewed from any reasonable and reasoning stand-point such fallacious methods of promoting such objects are simply and entirely deplorable ; but it is a state of things en- couraged and cultivated by a priesthood more intent upon fostering the emotional than the intellectual side of human nature. Oh ! the pity of it.—Yours. Scr!.. JOE-IN ITEMS.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RECTOR AND THE DRINK TRAFFIC: THE VICAR OF BURTON WOOD ON THE RECENT

CO'STROVE EISY.

Sir,—Some unknown friend has had the kindness to send me through the post a copy of the " Burtonwood and Newton-le-Willows Church and Parish Magazine " for the present month,in which the Vicar of that parish, the Rev. A. M. Mitchell, M.A.. makes some very frank and trenchant remarks on the recent controversy in your columns. Evidently the controversy has excited a good deal of attention and has been the cause of no little heartsearching amongst a good many Church people. If all the clergy were as outspoken as the Vicar of Burton- wood we should soon hear less of the scandal of the unholy alliance between the Church and the "'Trade." Believing that his remarks will be read with widespread interest by your many readers, I have ventured to send a copy of them in the hope that you will publish them— and so give them the wider publicity they so well de- serve. Thanking you in anticipation.—l am, yours truly,

JOHN GANDY.

Of the argument from Scripture wedo not think much —it is best to he candid—lt may he our ignorance which makes us unappreciatir e—anyhow we fail to see the logic of it—if there is logic in the argument. * * * *

When a custom however lawful and right, and even apparently backed up by Holv Scripture, degenerates into a national curse, and admittedly becomes the great scourge of the world civilized and uncivil,z.d (especially the civilized) there should ho no dilly dallying about its temporary abandonment fur social, moral, and religious reasons. If this is true of the drink traffic,—as now permitted —if annually it first plunders and then slays its victims by tens of-thousands—its continuance is no longer iusti- fiable ; its recognition by the state is an immoral rrct, and the enriching thereby of the national exchequer is a sharing in ill gotten spoil. Sharp remedies are necessary in extreme cases. Sus- pend the traffic until it is put upon a licalthy corstruc- tive basis. In the twinkling of an eye a transformation will be wrought which will convince the most sceptical.

For Christians there is, in view of the wickedness lowing' so closely in the train of the liquor traffic, no middle course. The Pauline attitude admits of no com- promiie—" Wherefore if moat make my brother to offend, I will eat no flesh while the world standeth, lest I make my brother to offend." * * * *

The most pressing call is for Erpwery Disestablishment and Disendowment. The state should have no quilms of conscience about stepping in and applying some of the Brewers' Millions to secular education. free:librarirs. public parks and gardens, and those many other im- proving and uplifting things laid upon the New Parish Councils to inaugurate and maintain—A just application of public money.

THE SUB-CAPTAIN of tlpi WnrrinVon Cycling Clith.—Mr. TED PICICAVANCE, writ, 'Map' V, •1893. Dear have given your DFIKroy IBRoCA- TION an exhaustive trial and can Betliy recumr- end it, as a good rehable article. A little of it rubd int) the muscles alter a long ride gives a wonderfully soothing effect ; while for a Sprain I klinw of nothing better. lam confident that when its merits are known amongst Cyclist's, and Athletes generally it will command a gz•eat 's C. Your, truly. E. PICKAVANCr- j-n. To he oht dnel only from the Yryni,.!o-, ifliNlcY M. AIIITON, 63, tSankey--t., (opposite Legli•st.), Warrington.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES AND

ATHLETICS.

CxcIET.

Another draw was the result of the first meeting of the Warrington first team with Sale, on Saturday. As this makes the fourth successive draw, ‘Varrington will be getting well used to them by this time. In the match on Saturday, Warrington were minus the services of Dr. H. Smith, who had been playing so briliiantly the pre- vious day for the Lancashire second eleven against the Middlesex second string. His place was however well filled by Mr. A. C. Maclaren who came from Liverpool along with Mr. S. M. Crosfield after taking part in the sensational match between Middlesex and Lancashire. On the other hand, Sale were without their county player, Mr. C. H. Benton.

The wicket on Saturday was very fast owing. to the heavy rains of the previous two days, and Sale were ex- tremely fortunate in going in first to bat. Another thing also in their favour was that Warrington did not field as well as usual, and the consequence was that for the loss of only four wicket, they had compiled 153 runs, and then an hour and a half before time, they put on the closure. Fullalove was far and away the highest scorer on his side, and in fact, in the match, for ha scored 59 and then carried out his bat. J. Cookson also caused a lot of trouble to the Warrington fielders with his score of 40. Leerning also put on a quarter of a century. As might be expected from the score which Sale put on, the bowling averages of the Warrington players, were considerably damaged. The frequent changes of bowl- ing may be imagined when no less than seven cf the Warrington team tried their luck with the ball, but only three—Bibby, Connor, and Bates—obtained any wicltr-ts. Bil,,by was the most successful of the Warrington bow- lers with two wickets for .30 runs. The other two were very expensive, Connor's wicket costing 30 runs, and Bates 43 runs. The way the oth,r four howlers were knocked about may be shown that 48 runs were made off them without the less of a single wicket.

\VP:Ii 6nly an hour and a half remaining to wipe off the formidable score against them, it appeared a hopeless task, but hopes arose at the commencement of the War- rington innings. A. C. Maclaren and Bates were the initial batsmen, and so quickly did they score that dur- ing the first seven minutes, 20 runs were scored. Some- time afterwards, a misfortune befell Warrington in the loss of A. C. Maclaren who was dismissed from a catch by Cookson. Wordsworth came to the rescue, and again the runs were quickly put on, and 74 were made before Bates was caught. A rot now appeared to have set in, for with only three more runs added, S. M. Crosfield and Bibby were bowled from successive balls •.1 C-okson. U. Clarke, however, an coming in knock-..ci the Sale men all over the field, and the century was soon attained. Here he lost the partnership of Wordsworth, and soon after- wards of Voisey. J. Callon now came in,and was content to leave the major part of the scoring to Clarke, and the two continued C)gether until just before time was up when Callon was bowled. Carke carried out his bat for 34, and was undoubtedly the saviour of his side from de- feat. The Warrington innings realised 123 for seven wickets. A draw is of course better than a defeat, but still these draws are getting monotonous, and a victory would be very welcome just for a change.

The Wesleyans of Sankev Briiges and PE.nlceth had a "set to " on Saturday. and the Penketh Wesleyans had the worst of the argument. The ground was very un- favourable for run-getting, and cosisequently the scores on both sicies were very low, only one player, Peers, at- taining double figures, scoring 12 for Sanizer Bridges. The highest scorer on the other side was F. Wilkinson with nine. Although Penketh won the toss, they sent their opponents in, and so well did Barlow and Wilkin- son bowl,that Sankey Bridges were all out for O. This was, howevcr, too much for Penketh, and they had to retire beaten by 13 runs. Bailey and Watkins were the instruments of destruction, the former capturing five wickets and the latter three.

The Sankey Wire Mills gained a very- twrit ,r:ous victory over Weston at Weston on Saturday. Durin;.-: the last three years,Weston have only twice tasted &feat on their own ground, but they had to bow the knee to a better team on Saturday. This was due to excellant bowling and fielding, there b;-ing five ducks " made by the Westonians who only realised 23 run.. Simpson ob- tained six wickets for nine runs, and IfolJs al four for eleven. Hobson was as useful with the tytt as he had been with the ball for he made 13,the top score of the match. Tne Wire Mills made 36 runs and ti:eres?.re won by 13 runs. They practicaliy, .however, won by six w:ck-ts. The score of 23 is one of the loweot ever made by the Westonians.

Peter Walker and Sons' first and sec.-md cricket teams were each successful on Siturday,the f,Jrn:er against the Y.M.C.A.and the latter against OughtringE•n. The onl7 score of any consequence was that of J. Milner, of the Brewery second team, of 30. This score caused the Bructery second to gain a decisive victory over Ought- rington,the scores reading 35 to 35. first team won by 34 to 21.

Among other junior matc:les in the district Manches- ter-road gained a victory by 27 t, 2.) at the expense of Bank-st., Warrington Sr. Mary's had hard lines in heir:, beaten by a single run by Grappenhall St. Wiltrid's,and Cairo-st. Unity found their superiors in Back:ey-sr. by 14 runs. The second team of the Saokev ‘Vesleyans had a day out on Saturday, and knockNi the V.M.C.A. into a " cocked hat." After dismissing the "y,ung men tor the paltry amount of fi.Y,, runs, which is .-it»tit the lowest score made by any club of any pretensions whatever, they went in and made 41 runs, thus gaining a victory of more than eight to one. This is d,ci:ive enough surely. The Y.M.C.A. innings were chiefly oc- cupied by a march to the wickets and back again.

CYCLING.

The rnemhers of the Warrington cinr; &Jib to the number of 16, had a run to Farnworth oi;_iwurday. Aceoi ding to the fixtures they s!i.ould have gone to Wid- nes, but owing to the sports being held at Farnw.)rth they went there. A. T. Dainteth, a member of the ‘Var- rington Club, carried off the third prz 10 tw) mile.s bicycle race, the first place being taken by W. Jacks'in, of Penketh. A. J. Mottram, Warrington, WA tined second prize in the 120 yards flat race.

The Athletic Festival promoted by the Warrinaton club takes place to-day (Saturday), on the Foothall ground Wilderspool Causeway. There is an extiaArdinary number of entries,there being over 250,i rid iii ng athletes sif front rank, from various parts of the country. With the valuable and useful assortment of priz.,s,no A, on view in the shop window of Mr. Arthur Paul, lfridge-street, and the untiring efforts of the Committee supported by their excellent lion. sec. Mr. F. Garnett, .the patrons of this festival may rely uporl witnessing a trio t interest- ing and enjoyable programme of sport. Mr. Thomas Morris has kindly consented to distriute the prz.-..5.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
BOWLING.

The Smith Warrington, (Bull's Hid) tern have now entered the third round of the second series of tie L in- cashire and Cheshire Bowling A,,,toci4tioni Competitioni. They met the team which hails from Croft's Rink, Urn,- ston, on the Harputhey Cemetery Inn Green, and de- feated them easily by 238 to 156, no fewer than nine ot the Warringtonians securing 21 points. The Warring- tonians took the lead from the start of the came and, as it will be seen, won by the handinms maj nity of 32. After the finish of the last game there was the u.alal ru,,th to the scoring board when 3 c,.rt,in lightning cal- culator made the Warrington score 213 but on checking the list it was found that the totals were a: above and therefore proved to the calculator that in some cases truth d)es not lie at the bottom of was.

BASEBALL.

lam afraid that the Warrington Baeball Club, have become somewhat elated by their con,ioued rty!oesseri in the Liverpool and district Baseball League, judging by the shocking defeat they allowed the Liverpool Rock Club to give them on Saturday f ternoon at Liverpool. Just think of it ! Warrington 42 runs behind at the conclusion of the match. But there is one grain of com- fort for the now defeated Warrington Bi.sehall tea in,and that is that their defeat has not altered their postion in the statistical table of the league crimpeti,ion. T. G. Gallop of the Warrington team made the to score in the match with 19 to his credit, whilit Ito rch of the Rock club was the hest scorer tor his side wi7li 15 run P. The well-known Brecksioe team will bs Vie opponents of Warrington to-day (Saturda:,), ard if the Warrim;ton club are to maintain their premier position, it, will be necessary for them to come out of the ordeal with a better result than on Saturday last.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMIN-Elt: SATURDAY, JUNE' 16, 1394

THE POST OFFICE ENCOURAGES THRIFT.

With a view to the further encouragement of thrift, the Post Office authorities are taking vigorous steps for making more widely known the advantages offered by the Post Office Savings Banks, not only to depositors, but also to those who desire to insure their lives or te make provision for old age. Preparations are making for something like a house-to-house distribution of hand- bills giving full details, including the new investment regulations under which the tf..)al sum that may be deposited in one year is raised to £5O and the amount of stock that may be purchased through the Savings Bank during the same period is extended to £2OO until the maximum of £5OO has been reached. Show cards have also been prepared on a very extensive scale, giving in more or less bold type similar information in a con- venient form for hanging up in factories, workshops, and cffices throughout the kingdom.

RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

On Tuesday afternoon the fortnightly meeting of the Board was held in the Workhouse, Dutton, under the chairmanship of Mr. J. Mclntyre. There were also present the Revs. J. W. N. Tanner, J. Ilanby, and Dr. Gastaldi; Messrs. S. Taylor, J.P., D. 11. Jones, A. It. Norman, J. Weir, J. Stokes, H. H. Heywood, T. Handley, S. Yarwood, C. I'. Whitley, W. Whitlow, J. L. Jones, T. Lewis, T. Baxter, C.C., E. Aaron, J. W. Baguley, J. Parr, C. W. Davenport, S. Woodward, J. Brarvireth, Vv. Turner, with J. Ash- ton, clerk; G. Ashton, deputy-clerk.

THE DEATH OF MRS. JOHN WEIR.

Mr. John Weir rose to thank all the mernbers of the Board tor th.r!ir kindness and consideration in sending him a message of sympathy on the occasion of his sad bereavement. Be appreciated the action to the full,and thanked them all very much.

APPOINTMENT OF ASSISTANT ORGANIST.

The sanction of the Local Government Board was re- ceived to the appointment of Miss Cunnah as assistant organist at the Workhouse at a salary of £5 per annum. The Local Government Board considered her too young to be assistant matron.—On the moticn of Mr. Bran- dreth, seconded by Mr. Lewis, Miss Cunnah was elected to the post.

THE JOINING OF WARRINGTON DISTRICTS TO THE RIINCOUN

The Clerk stated that he had "attended the recent County Council Inquiry at Warrington as Clerk to the Board. He was not able to call the committee together which had been appointed at their last meetin,g,for con- sultation, owing to his having received the notice of in- quiry at such a late hour. There was no necessity,how- ever, for him to ask any questions of the meeting,as one of the County Council Committee, Mr. Earp, made the inquiries which he (the Clerk) had intended to make. The question of joining Latchford, Grappenball, and Thel wall to the Runcorn Union was fully discussed, and the residents who lived in these townships when called upon for testimony all expressed a wish to be joined to Runcorn. The committee retired to consider the matter, and upon their return they granted the order.—Mr. Brandreth said he understood that Warrington was going to appeal against the decision to the Local Government Board. He had heard that about; 200 cases of settle- inent,through the works connected with the Manchester Ship Canahhad been brought against Warrington,and if the Runcorn Board were going to have nose thrown upon them with Thelwall, Latchford, and Grappenhall, they would have to consider the subject. (Laughter.)— The Rev. J. Hanby : The anxiety of Warrington to re- tain the townEhips is, I think, a sufficient guarantee.— The Chairman expressed the same opinion.

RUNCORN RURAL SANITARY AUTHORITY.

----- Mr. John Mclntyre presickd over the fortnightly meeting of the above Authority at the Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday afternoon. The remaining gentlemen present were—the Revs. J.W. N. Tanner, and J. Hanby ; Messrs. W. Turner, H. E. Heywood, T. Lewis, C. W. Devonport, E. Aaron, J. Stokes, J. Brandreth, T.Baxter, C.C., J.L. Jones, C. T. Whitley, 111. Whitlow, S. Woodward, J. Weir, 3. W. Baguley, J. Parr, with Messrs. J. Ashton, 'clerk ; G. Ashton, deputy clerk ; J. Farrington, nuisance inspector ; and Dr. Adams, medical officer of health. •

REMUNERATION OP THE CLERK.. The Clerk reported the receipt of a letter from the Local Government Board sanctioning the payment to him of £B5 for his services to the authority during the year ended the 25th March. It further stated that the application in respect of the special allowances was under the consideration of the Board.—Mr. Ashton re- marked that the special allowances were those noted to him, but if there was any hitch, then he would ask for the pay•ment of £B5 to be re-considered. The work done in the past year was equal to the work done during the three previous years by the late clerk. The legal work alone would have cost the Authority over £lOO accord- ing to legal charges.—The Chairman exprensed a hope that no hitch would occur.

THE SCARLET FEVER OUTBREATC AT WESTON. In a letter to Mr. Ashton on the 31st ult, Dr. Adams said with regard to the above subject that he was first made aware of the cases verbally by Mr. Far- rington about the 4th or sth May. He went to Weston from Warrington on Sunday, May 6th, and found that two children had undoubtedly had scarlet fever, but very slight and were in the peeling stage. He received assurances from Mr. Jones that the eldest daughter alone would look after the shop, and the mother would nurse the patients. On the strength of that assertion he made no recommendation for closing the shop. On May 22nd he received from Dr. Robinson, Runcorn, four notifica- tions of scarlet fever occurring in Mrs. Jones's family, including the two cases already mentioned. He, (Dr. Adams) visited the IL-Juse again on Monday, May 28th, and reported as usual to Dutton the fcllowing day. The parents admitted on the 6th May that they believed the disease was scarlet fever, but said it was so slight that they saw no necessity to call id medical aid. In this he could not condemn them, as the cases, at that time, bore out the parents' statement. He was first inclined to recommend that sec. 126 of Public Health Act, he used against them, but felt when he knew all the circumstances, that prosecution either under that sec- tion or under the Notificati,ina Act, would meet with little success.—The Chairman considered the statement a satisfactory one.—Mr. Aaron thought that the docter should have gone to Weston immediately he received the notice from Mr. Farrington. By so doinc, it might have prevented any chance of transferring the complaint to other persons. Two other boys had suffered.—Dr. Adams said that so far as his memory served him, he visited the house the day after hearing from Mr. Far- rington. -

MEDICAL REPORT. Dr. Adams reported that one case of scarlet fever had occurred at Preston Brook, one at Sevenoaks, and three at Budworth. He had visited and inspected all the above cases and issued all customary orders. He had since heard that the schools at Xston had been closed in consequence of measles awl whooping cough having broken out in the district.

THE ALLEGED INADEQUATE SUPPLY OF WATER TO FARMS. The Clerk stated that he had received a letter from ' Mr. Evans, agent of Sir Richard Brooke, Bart., asking if the Authority would give him an audience if he attended their meeting. He (the Clerk) had replied saying that if the matter had reference to Halton and Norton, Mr. EVaD5' best course was to see the Authority.—lt was decided to admit Mr. Evans in order that the members might hear his case.—Upon entering the room Mr. Evans referred to a discussion which had occurred at the last meeting, of the members regarding the supply of water to Manor House Farm and Marsh Gate Farm, in the township of Norton, and Halton Gate Farm, in the township of Halton. It had been stated, he said, that Inspector Farrington had received a letter from the county medical officer that the supply at the two first named farms was very bad and there was Tits supply at Halton Gate Farm. Mr. Evans contended that Mr. Farrington had not visited the latter farm for the last two years. TllO well, "or hole in the earth "as Mr. Farrington had called it, had been dried up in consequence of the cutting of the Ship Canal. In 1890 the water was analysed and found good and fit for domestic use. Up to . last January there were, four big receptacles which caught all the water from one side of the buildings. These, however, had been taken away by Mr. Whitlow's brother. The tecant was going to get others. Regarding the water from the pipe, Mr. Evans said he would only be too glad if it were analysed. The folks had drunk some of it and had not suffered. It was a downright falsehood to say there was no water supply to the farm. Mr. Farrington submitted that there was no supply to the farm within the meaning of the Public Health Act which klaid that the supply must be sufficient and wholesome. The water had been an t- lysed and condemned on the 10th March 1891 as " bad and not fit for domestic use." He wrote to Mr. Evans on the 24th March, 1891, calling his attention to the fact , that the water had been condemned.—Mr. Evans twice denied that the notice had been given to him. Certain members of the Board had stated that the authority had been defied by Sir Richard Brooke and himself. This was untrue. He had obliged the inspector in eve-Ty pos- sible way, and had written for the water at Halton Gate Farm to be analysed. No one was more desirous than himself to carry out the wishes of the Board. As to Manor House Farm, Sir Richard and himself had put themselves to great trouble in the endeavour to get a water supply. The spring in the wood had not been analysed but it had been drunk by children without ill effect. He wished the water to be analysed. 11 the authority could give him any suggestions he would only be too pleased to carry them out. It was not right, however, to say that the Authority was de- fied.—After some further discussion'Mr. Evans said that if the Authority could find a supply by expending 'money he would gladly repay them the money.—Mr. Wood- wood thought it was outside the provinee of the Board to give suggestions to landlords. He thought the Autho- rity were satisfied that Mr. Evans wished to do what he could to provide a supply and if he acted at once in that direction he would not hear any more from them. But if the supply remained as it was then the Authority would have to take action.—Mr. Farrington remarked that some of Mr. Evan's statements were not true.—A lengthy discussion ensued in the course of which Mr. Farrington asked what was being done with regard to eight or nine cottages at Astmore and two cottages near Manor Farm, the inmates of which had to drink water out of a running water course containing sewage.—Mr. Evans replied that suggestions had not been made to him to which Mr. Farrington answered that it was not his duty to give suggestions.—The Chairman said they would have to take action if necessary 'as they had a duty to perform.—The Rev. J. Hanby inquired if Mr. Evans refused to do more than had been done. He presumed that that Authority would not take action upon its own responsibility until they had a refusal from Mr. Evaus. What did Mr. Evans propose to do in these cases P—Mr. Evans said he would practically leave the matter in the hands of the Authority. He could not help himself. He thought it would be more satisfactory if the Authority would snand the sum they were autho- rised to do and he would repay it.—On the proposition of Mr. Heywood, it was resolved that Mr. Farrington should prepare a report as to the water supply to the three farms named, and also the supply to the Astmore houses which report he was instructed to lay before the Authority at their nSe,ct meeting. -

===== 0002601_18940616_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COAL TRADE.

SERIOU: OUTLOOK.

It is now said that the depression in trade has effected the coal trade to such an exteat that the coalowners representatives have taken the formal step of requesting that a meeting of the Board of Conciliation should be held to consider the desirableness of reducing the pre- sent rate of miners' wages. The miners' representatives are understood to hold the belief that the rules framed for the guidance of the Board of Conciliation have not been complied with, and it is suggested that the miners' representatives will not attend the proposed meeting. It is stated that the miners' representa- tives would agree to a reduction of 10 per cent. on the present rate of wages provided that 'the re- duction should be coupled with a condition that after the 10 per cent, had been taken off, the wages remain- ing should represent the minimum below which they should under no circumstances go. At a meeting in Glasgow on ‘Vednesday the Scotch coalowners decided to offer a determined resistance to the demand of the men for an advance of wages, and there is now no doubt that the miners will come out on strike on the 25th inst.

THE W..A.TtRINGTON MiARD OF GUAR,-

DIANS AND DR. GORNALL.

A LIVELY DEBATE.

At the meeting of the Warrington -Board of Guar- dians held on Wednesday at the Workhouse, a discussion took place with reference to the resolu- ' tion adopted at the previous meeting giving 28 days .notice to Dr. Gornall to terminate his appointment as vaccination officer. The meeting was. under the presidency of the Chairman of the Board, Mr. Wm. Hougliton. The Clerk (Mr. J. C. Sutton) was absent, and was represented by Mr. Samuel Sutton, the assistant clerk.

. Tilt' ASSISTANT CLERK said that as they were aware, Mr. S. Davies was going to give notice of a motion to rescind the resolution adopted by the Board at its last meeting, deciding to give Dr. J. H. Goma!! 28 day's notice to terminate his post as vaccination officer. The motion was as follows : " That the resolution of May 30th, that 28 days notice be given to Dr. Gornall to terminate his appointment be rescinded and that the contract with Dr. Gornail be continued as hitherto." • Mr. G. RATCLIFFE : I beg leave to second that motion.

Mr. ;4HAW :I object to the motion because it is out of order im character with the motion we have already had notice of.

The CHAIRMAN : The terms of the motion brought for- ward by Mr. Davies are certainly not in accordance with those which were contained in the motion, which was printed and sent rnund. The ASSISTANT CLEW& : No, sir, the terms of the two resolutions are not the same. But it is quite possible for Mr. Davies to move any kind of a motion now. We simply had it printed and sent out because Mr. Davies handed it to us in writing. The CHAIRMAN : Does it in any way invalidate his pre- sent motion ?

The ASSISTANT CLERK : No, nr)t in any way. Mr. Salm : I should like to ask whether that notice is I,gal or not, inasmuch as the notice was not supplied at the meeting at which the resolution was carried. If I am directed by the Assistant Clerk that the notice is legal I shall be well satisfied. I am under the impression that the notice is entirely out of order.

he ASSISTANT CLERIC lan only say in reply to Mr. Shaw that it is open for a member of the Board of Guardians to move at any Board meeting the rescinding of any resAution passed at the previous meeting. Notice of notion must be given at one meeting and brought forward for discussion at the next. Mr. Davies is now

perfectly in order. Mr. OWEN : I take it then that you will now proceed to give notice to every Guardian again that Mr. Davies is r.oiri,fy, to move a resolution at the next meeting. The ASSISTANT CLERK : Whein a member gives notice of a motion at a Board meeting every member of the Board is supposed then to become acquainted with it, as he has full access to the minute bo',lls. However, if the Board require. the Clerk gives notification of the motion in printed form. Mr. OWEN : It has always been the custom for the Cleik to notify us of any resolution and I think this ought to have been done in the present case, when the resolution was altered.

Mr. Davms : I believe there is no doubt whatever ti,at I an) in order in giving notice of my motion at this meeting..

The ASSISTANT CLERK : You are perfectly in order.

Mr. OWEN : I think this matter should have been brought up properly before the Clerk put the mz.tter in the papers. The ASSISTANT CLERK: I heg you pardon Mr. Owen, hut I never put the matter in the papers. Mr OWEN : The matter got there.

The ASSISTANT CLERK : Well I should think the Board wou!d not object to receive information of a valuable charact.r such as th it which was printed. Mr. OWEN : I do not think the Hoard will object to *receive valuable information. I object to this that the iesolutirm printed was not the same as the one mowed this morning..

Mr. HEATON : I should like to know if the original resolution passed bv us has been carried out.

The ASSISTANT CLERK : No it has not.

Mr. HEATON : Perhaps you will explain the Clerk's refusal to carry out the resolution pissed by this Board at the last meeting.

The ASSISTANT CLERK : H has not refused to carry out the resolution. Be has simply not acted. (Laughter.) Mr. HEATON : It is a distinction without a difference. (Laughter.) It is quite evident that an informal thing has been done to prevent this resoluion being carried out.

Mr. OWEN : It shows there is something under the whole matter.

Mr. HEATON : There is no excuse for the Clerk not, acting. The ASSISTANT CLERK : I beg to differ from you. Mr. Shaw and yourself spoiled tho resolution from being carried out.

Mr. fIKaToN : It is for this Board to decide that point. I must confess it does not selin the proper way of doing business, that MI. Davies or any other guardian should prevent the carrying out of a resolution passed by this Board.

The AssLsTANT CLERK : Mr.Da.vies did not prevent the carrying our, of this resolot;on. Mr. EIEaToN : Well to my mind it does not look very nice, and I think the least the clerk could have done would have been to carry out what was the resolution of this Board. I am sorry that he is not here to day. I do not care to make any bother about the matter now; but at the eam€ time I am not satisfied and I think is is not courteous in the first place. (Hear, Flear.) I take it that our Oink is our servant and I believe that unle,s he had some very reasonable excus., he ought to have carried our resolution nut. I want to know what that excuse is if there is one ? (Hear, hear.) Mr. CLARK Many members were not present when the resolution was carried ; that was not courteous.

_ The ASSISTANT CLERK : I should like to explain the • matter, although I think that Mr. Heaton has been un- duly hard on the Clerk. •rh, only reason the resolution was not acted upon was this : on the afternoon of the day of the last Board meeting tie Clerk was actually engaged in sending notice to Dr. Gornall. He had half written the notice when he discovered that the second resolution which was proposed by Mr. Heaton and seconded by Mr. Shaw and carried, to the effect that the public vaccinator district should be divided into two portions, presented an onstacle,lor the reason that every alteration to, or division of a district, as statcd in the circular has to he approvrd by the Local Government Board. They give it as their opinion and they .ire gen- erally right—and able to carry their opiniona into uffi.ct _that no town population for vaccination purposes shall he less than 50,000 inhabitants. Had the Clerk given Dr. Gornall notice,th- effect would have been that the matter would have had to come before the Local G-ivernment Board for settlement and in the meantime they would have been without a public vaccinator at. all. In addition to this Mr. Davies's notice was placed in the Clerk's hands two or three days later, and thus another obstacle presented it,elf. The CHAIRMAN : 1 think after the explanation the di.- cussion should end until the next meeting when the Clerk will be present. Some further discussion followed the result of which was that it was understood that Mr. Davies's motion would come up for discwsion at the next ms-sting of the Board. Mr. Shaw announced that if Mr. Davies motion was carried, he would give notice of motion tor intro- ducing another resolution similar to the one which was carried at the last meeting.

IT HAS No SUBSTITUTE ! The most satisfactory S,ap the world has ever protiliced IT HAS NO SUBSTITUTE ! i 4 trunsoN's ExTkiAcr OF

SOAP. IT rIAS NO SUBSTITUTE I Honsos's „tablishcd over 50 years.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CLERK'S SURETIES.

Mr. John Ashton said that he had to- report the death of Mr. James Reynolds, one of his sureties, which neces- sitated the choice of another gentleman to act in the place of th,, deceased gentleman. He proposed the name of Dr. Steele which was accepted.

THE GIIA.RDIANS TESTIMONIAL TO MR. T. BOWYER.

The Clerk stated that at the Board's previous meeting the Runcorn Guardians consented to draw up a testi- monial for Mr. Bowyer, their school fees inquiry officer. The following was the testimonial :—" The Guardians of the Runcorn Union hereby certify that Mr. Thomas Bowyer has held the appointment of inquiry officer for the Runcorn district of their Union for upwards of six years and during that period he has performedhis duties in a considerate and efficient manner."—(Elear, hear.)_ On the proposition of Mr. Yarwood, is was decided that the seal of the Board be affixed to the document, and that it be forwarded ta Mr. Bowyer.

THE INSPECTION OF THE HOUSE. DM LADIES.

The Rev. D. Gastaldi stated that with a view to pre- serving order he would postpone the resolution of which he gave notice for the appointment of a committee of ladies to visit those portions of the house occupied by females and children. The reascm why he adopted this eourse was that a code of rules was necessary, and a committee of members was required to frame them. He proposed the following gentlemen as the committee : Bev's. J. Hanby and Dr. Gastaldi, Messrs. J. Alclntyre, Whitley, Brandreth and Woodward.—Mr. Heywood seconded.—Mr. Parr proposed that the whole Board should form the committee.—The amendment and orig- inal motion were both put to the meeting twice. The first time nine members voted for each and the second ten. The Chairman was then called upon to give his casting vote, and did so by supporting the amendment. —The committee will meet on the next Board day at 12.30.

THE COUNTY COUNCIL PRECEPT..-

Mr. Branclre!li stated that the County Council precept was for cotr.,,ty rate £2,770 12s. ed.; constabulary local expenditure R:667 Os. 10J. ; and the maintenance of bridges £5O 5,. 81; constabulary general expenditure £230165. 101; total £3668 19s. 2d. The county rate was 3i. in the ; general constabulary 11. in the 2 ; local constabulary !Id. and for district bridges a of a penny. For the corresponding period of last year they had to pay £3498 ss. ed. Concluding Mr. 13randreth moved the adoption of the report.—Mr. .Yarwood seconded and it was carried. This terminated the business.

YRODSHA.R

PAROCHIAL COMMITTEE MEETING.—Tho minutes of this Committee, which were read at the fortnightly meeting of the Rural Sanitary Authority on Tuesday, showed that the clerk had reported that he had obtained a plan of particulars of the work required to be done in the laying of the gas main to the pumping station, and had forwarded a copy thereof to the Secretary of the Gas and Water Company, with a request that the company ' would undertake that the work should be done in accor- dance therewith. He had received a reply from Mr. Frith agreeing to do the work far £32 net. Reports were received stating that the construction of the water works was proceeding satisfactorily. The appointment of an en,,ine driver at the waterworks was postponed. , The applicants were Andrew Wilson,Main-st.. Frodsham and Wm. Garner, Strid Fields, Frodsham.—On the pro- position of Mr. Heywood, seconded by Mr. Lewis, the minutes were confirmed.

NARROW ESCAPE OF A FATHER AND SON FROM DROWN- ING.—On Wednesday evening at abut seven o'clock, a little boy named Thomas Butters, son of Mr. Thomas Butters, labourer, of Frodsham Bride, had a narrow escape as well as his lather, from drowsing. The boy was amusing himself by throwing stones into the river Weaver,between the stone bridge and the railway bridge when he overbalanced himself and fell in the water. By strug,,,ling he worked himself nearly into the middle of the river. His father's attention was drawn to his dangerous position by the screaming ot some women and children, and in endeavouring to rescue his son he fell also into the water. Another man now appeared on the scene and with the assistance of some other folks he succeeded in pulling both father and.son out of the water. They were subsequently attended and at the present time, the boy is qui,e well whilst the father is suffering, somewhat slightly, from the shock to the system.

OUR LOCAL CHURCHES-WARRINGTON

WYCLIFFE P.S.A. SOCIETY.

One of the best attended meetings of this society was held on Sunday afternoon. The chair was occupied by Mr. T. Birchall, J.P.. who commented upon the growth of t•Le soeie:y since he last presided at the meeting. He said people of the present day were apt tA be pessimistic when comparing the present time with the past, but when he locked back over a considerable number ot years lie considered that the condition of the people was far better at the present time than in former days. Mr. Fisque, of Nlanchester,was the speaker for the afternoon and he delivered a telling address. basing his remarks on the words contained in Ist Kings, Bc, 17 and 18 verses. He referred to many men who had been filled with good intentions, but who had been unable to carry them out, and spoke of the importance of people having a good purpose in life. .Although a man might not be able to acc•mplish at he wished to do, he reminded his hearers, that God accepted the will for the deed, it hav- ing emanated from the man's heart. Mr.W.H. %Valling- ton was the soloist, and contributed two solos in an admirable manner. Messrs. T. Wallingtoo, and J. Irish also took part in the meeting. BOLD-STHEET WESLEYAN CHAPEL.

The anniversary services of the Bold-street Wesleyan Sunday School, were held on Sunday, at the above place of worship. Despite the inclement state of the weather, the services, morning, afternoon, and evening, were well attended. The preacher in the morning and evening Was the Bev. John Bond, of London, who preached two eloquent sermons, the subject for the morning being based on the words, "Train up a child in the way he should go,' and in the evening, " Glory to God in the highest, and on earth, peace, gcodwill to men." Special hymns were sung by the choir and children at each service. During the morning service, the choir sang the anthem, " Praise the Lord," very ,Ithciently. At the evening service, two anthems, "No. shadows yonder," and "They that sow in tears," were exceedinvly well rendered, the latter especially so. Mr. Levi Richardson took the solo part in the former anthem. Miss M. Collin als• Wang " Lard, Thou art holy," very feelin,iy. In the afternoon, a mnusicel service,was held, presided over by the superintendent of the Sunday Seho-I, who during the service gave an interesting ad- dress upon " Gifts." Among other itetm which were reedored were the following : Anthem, " Like ae a father," by the choir ; solo, " Thou Lord my path shalt Ohe 5.," Miss Bawling ; solo, " Suffer little children," Mr. Levi Richardson ; solo, " All we do for Jesus," Mica A Whoatley. Collo tiona in aid of the Sunday School taken at each service, the total amount realising £47.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
IiVARP,INGTON PARISH CHURCH.

An organ recital was giwn in the Parish Church on Monday evening by the Rev. A. A. Markham, 8.A., one of the curates. Selection were given from Mendelsohn, Beethoven, Mcztrt, 'dandel, Merkel, and Schumann, by Mr. Markham in a :very able manner. In the absence of Miss Sheridan, se;ections of vocal music were rendered 'by Miss Jeans. /There -Was a grnd congregation, who thorough.l7 ar,preciated the excellent programme which had befit -rroVided. At the close of the recital, a co lec- tion eas nade for the purc:rae of new bibles, prayer hoks wid hymn books for Bank-st. mission.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES 'OWN COUNCIL.

The ordinary monthly meeting of the Widnes Town Council was held on Tuesday afternoon, at the Widnes Town Hall, under the presidency of Alder- man S. Sadler ( Deputy- Nlayor). The Medical Officer reported that there were thirty- seven deaths in the borough during May, a rate of 14.8 per 1,000 of the estimated population. The Health Committee reported that the surveyor had submitted to them plans and estimates of expenditure in connection with the construction of railway siding, port- able tramway, fencing, &ri., at the nis,ditsoil depot, Moor-lane, amounting to £l,lOO. The committee ap- proved of the plan, and instructed the Finance Commit- tee to obtain the sanction f the Local Government Board to the, borrowing of the money. It was reported that the new recreation ground at Pex Hill would be ready for use by the end of the month. The -Engineer (Mr. I. Carr), in his report, stated that it was necessary that early attention should be given to the increased rate of gas consumption, in consequence of which it would be necessary to provide the proposed ad- ditional carbonising plant much earlier than was antici- pated some little time ago. The Finance Committm reported that the Local Government Board had sanctioned the borrowing of £10,235 for the provision of the proposed Technical Schiarls and Free Library. The same committee recom- mem]ed that an application should be made to the Local Government Board for sanction to borrow £9,130 for various works of private street improvements, the night- soil depot, and the provision of disinfector and mortuary buildings at the Infectious Diseases Hovital.—The minutes were confirmed.

The Technical Instruction Committee reported that Captain L,•igli had consvnted to lay the foundation-stone of the new Technical Schools and Free Library on the sth•prox. _

Al'Aerman Williamsomproposed, " That in the opinion nt this Council the present pricl charged for coke at the Gas Works to ordinary consumers within the Borough is exeesiive, and should be redued to 10s. per ton, and that the Gas and Water Committee be and are her,bv instructed to arrange accordingly." A very lengthy,nil at times lively discussion took place on this matter. but ,veu:ually the motion was rejoted by a large m4jority.

"TOBA.CCONISTI COM merle' " IlinstratPd guide (3 ctemni TOBACCONISTh. OUTFITTING Co.---IS 3, Eu o: -d, Loud

MR. GLA DSTONE AND LORD ROSEBERY.

The " Daily News" is informed that the statement that Mr. Gladstone wrote to Lord Rosebery, congratulating him upon haying won the Derby, is without foundation.

THE IRISH PARTY'S APPEAL,

A SPLENDID RESPONSE.

The " Westminster Gazette" is informed that the Irish response to the appeal for funds for the maintenance of the party at St. Stephen's has exceeded all anticipation. The subscription list is expected to reach £lB,OOO.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0122.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
LATEST NE WS.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
THE METHODIST NEW CONSEXION.

The Methodist New Connexion Conference at Longton on Thursday discussed the question of how best to cele- brate the approaching centenary of the Connexion. It was decided to encleav our to raise a fund of .€60,000 for the consolidation and enlargement of local and Connex- ional interests, and £lO,OOO was promised before the sitting terminated.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
MINING RIGHTS IN SOUTH WALES.

IMPORTAN r DISCOVERY.

As a result of an investigation by the Cardiff Corpora- tion in the Records Office, the original grant of large areas of mineral territory in South Wales has been dis- covered, and it is said to show that the mineral rights were reserved to the Crown. As the private owners now levy head rents and royalties,the question arises whether these coalfields do not really belong to the National Exchequer. Within the next few days the matter will be brought before the House of Commons by Welsh inembep, who will urge investigation and, if necessary the appointment of a Royal Commission to call upon the present claimants to establish their titles.

DEATH OF THE LORD CHIEF JUSTICE.

Lord Coleridge, Chief Justice of England, died on Thursday night at his house in London. The Hon. Bernard Coleridge, the representative of the Attercliffe division of Sheffield, succeeds to the peerage. It is ex- pected that the Unionists will make another effort to capture the seat. Their candidate wa3 defeated at the general election,t he figures being—Coleridge, (L) 5,107; G.C. Smith (U), 3,963. The death of Lord Coleridge may lead up to other vacancies in the House of Com- mons. The position of Lord Chief Justice is almost certain to be conferred upon Lord Russell of Killowen, recently created a Lord of Appeal, and Sir John Rigby, now Attorney General, is most likely to be elevated to the Upper House as Lord of Appeal, which will cause a vacancy for For far. Mr. Reid, now Solicitor General, will probably succeed Sir J. Rigby as Attorney General, for which he will not require re-election,and Mr. Haldane is generally designated for the Solicitor Generalship, on which account he would have to offer himself for re- election at Haddington. Itr_Tr.4l SAD BOATING DISASTER. _- A BOAT WITH EIGHTY IRISH HARVESTERS CAPSIZED. •

===== 0002601_18940616_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
TERRIBLE LOSS OF LIFE.

A Westport correspondent telegraphs that a terrible boating disaster, resulting in the loss of at least thirty lives, occurred on Thursday off that port. It is custom- ary at this season of the year for large numbers of ablt- bo-died Men of Achill Island to migrate to England and Scotland for the purpose of earning at barvesting,money to pay the d ebts which they incur during the winter. On Thursday morning, about eighty of these harvesters, as they are called, embarked at Achill to proceed to Westport Quay, when a sudden gust of wind caught the sails and caused the boat to capsize, throwing the whole of its occupants into the water, in full view of many per- sons on shore. A terrible scene ensued, the struggles of the unfortunate men being seen and their cries for help heard from the shore. Boats were at once launched,and every effort was made to save the unfortunate people, but more than half of them had disappeared from view before the first rescue boat reached the spot. Between forty and fifty men were saved by the shore boats, but the remainder, numbering at least thirty, perished.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

THURSDAY.

In the House of Commons on Thurday evening, Sir G. 0. MonoAN moved that the Committee on the Great Western Rail way (No. 1) Bill should be instructed to strike out of the bill so much thereof as authorised the construction of the works described as Railway No. I and Railway No. 2. He contended that both from the local point of view and also as regarded access to Man- chester and other towns in Lancashire, the Great Wes- tern Company's sc heme was not so convenient as the proposed East Denbighshire line. Mr. LONG (a director of the Great Western Railway Company) opposed the motion. Mr. 13RYCE, speaking on behalf of the Board of Trade, said that if they were to take questions of this kind out of the hands of committees the committees would cease to be respected. Sir. G. 0. MonoAN's motion was rejected by 156 to 114. Sir U. KAY-SHUTTLE WORTH, in reply to a queStion,said that Her Majesty's ship Bramble had been ordered to Tangier, and other sh ips would be within reach, in case of need, for the protection of the lives and property of British subjects. Sir W. HARCOURT informed Sir F. Dixon-Hartland that owing to the large amount of silver coin now being received, the Bank of England was making a charge of 53. tier £lOO on large parcels. Mr. B ALFOUR asked for an opportunity to discuss Irish cpiesti ons in Committee of Supply, and Sir W. Harcourt oini sed to consider the matter. The House again went into Committee on the Budget resumed consideratiou of clause s,which relates to the collection and recovery of the estate duty. In the divisions on the amendments proposed, the Government majorities ranged from 26 to 52. The clause itself was carried by a majority of 40.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
HALTON.

THE WATER SUPPLY TO THE COMMON.—The fort- nightly meeting of the Runcorn Rural Sanitary Authority was held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday afternoon, Mr. John Mclntyre presiding..—The Clerk submitted the minutes of the meeting of the Halton Parochial Com- mittee which was held on the 9th inst. under the chair- manship of the Rev. J. Hanby. From these it appeared that a report was made by the Inspector to the effect that he had seen Mr. Evans with reference to the water supply to Halton Common, and the latter had promised to connect the school and school house with the Run- corn Improvement Commissioners water mains.—A letter was also read from the Local Government Board enclos- ing a copy of a letter addressed to them by Mr. J. J. Hughes, of Halton, and requesting that the Board might be furnished with the observations of the Authority upon the matter. The letter of Mr. Hughes complained that the place was "an abominable nuisance." The Inspec- tor reported that he had been unable to discover the writer ( " John Charles Hughes") of the letter in the village, although he had written to him on a former oc- casion when he signed himself" An old resident.." This had interfered with him (the Inspector) going through the matter as expeditiously as desirable. He had how- ever. seen Mrs. Jones, the owner, who had expressed her intention of boarding up the smithy hovel.—The cons- mittee resolved that Clerk write to the Local Govern- ment Board to that effect, and with the view of urging Mrs. Jones to carry out her promise to forward her a copy of the letter received Irons the Local Government Board.—On the motion of the Rev. J. Hanby, seconded by Mr. J. Stokes, the minutes were confirmed.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

CERTIFICATES OF OCCUPATION. —At the fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Rural Sanitary Authority, held on Tuesday afternoon at Dutton Workhouse, under the chairmanship of Mr. J. Mclntyre, a certificate of occu- pation was granted to Mr. W. E. Davenport for four houses recently erected by him in Alfred-A., Stockton Heath, as recommended by the Parochial Committee. A similar certificate was granted to Mr. Thomas Burton, of Warrington, for eight new houses erected by him in Fairfield-road, Stockton Heath. APPLETON PAROCHIAL COMMITTEE AND THE SANITARY AUTHORITY.—The fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Rural Sanitary Authority, was held on Tuesday after- noon, when the minutes of the Appleton Parochial Com- mittee's last meeting (June Bth) were read, with a view to their confirmativ. The minutes showed that a letter had been received from the Secretary of the Manchester Ship Can.l Company, acknowledging receipt to an ex- tract from the minutes of the last meeting of the Com- mittee in reference to the nuisance in the disconnected and disused portion of the river Mersey. The Inspeetor reported that works were being executed by the Company for the abatement of the nuisance.—The Clerk re..i.d a letter from the Town Clerk of Warrington in a postscript of which he said that since writing his letter he had received a telegram saying that the directors of the Canal Co., had instructed Mr. Leader Williams, to remove the dam between the Ship Canal and old channel near Tom Payne's Bridge.—rhe tender received for the removal of house refuse ameunting to £l3O per annum, was left over for further consideration.—The Authority confirmed the minutes. THE GLOVER CHALLENGE CUP.

On Saturday, the annual match tor possessima othe Challence Cup presented by Mr. B. B. Glover to the Elaydock Bowling Club, was played on the Bayclock green. There were 72 entries, and 7 rounds were played J. Some of the rnAins were very exciting, but in the final Mr. W. Twist r tn out au easy winner with 1.3. points to Mr. Wm. Marsh 1..

===== 0002601_18940616_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF G UARDIAN S.

• • • •.?„. • 5, , • .. 1 1 r„

===== 0002601_18940616_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
The fortnightly meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians was held on Wednesday at the Workhouse. There were present—Mr.Wm. flough- ton (chairman), Rev. G. F. Roberts, and Messrs: S. Davies, Wm. Fairclough, John Johnson,Thos.Sruith, John Turton, A.Jolley, . Pilling, J. Clarke, G. Rat- tliffe, R. Owen, E. Aitkland, J. Dobson, R.Heaton,A. J. Jolley, J. Muir, W. J. Shaw, and Mr. S. Sutton (assistant clerk),Mr.C.ll. Ward (workhouse master), and Mr. if. M. Mines (superintendent of the schools).

MR. MUIR PROTESTS. The ASSISTANT CLERK read the minutes of the last meeting and submitted them for approval.—Mr. Mum objected to the minutes on the ground thlt they Were . inaccurate. He was included as one of thoso who voted on Dr. Cr'ornall's dismissal as vaccination officer. He „ ill protested against this, as he did not vote at all.—Tr,, ' ASSISTANT. CLERK explained that he had been under the impression that Mr. Moir voted ; but he would nogr; erase his name from the list in which it was included•-'".:. Mr. Mum then expressed himself satisfied, and theali minutes were adopted.

===== 0002601_18940616_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNTY RATE,

1 Tll6 ASSISTANT CLERK said that he was in receipt of 5, demand for a Cheshire County rate of £273 133. 9d. for • the townships of Thelwall, Granrenhall and extra-m 1 • cipal Latchford, It was an ordinary rate, the dernana for which thcy rect'ived half-yearly.—Mr. A. JoLLEYsaid..4 that now those three townships had been severed fro fl'M their Union they ought not to nay the rate and thus create a necessity for the Local Government Board to inquire into the case.—The ASSISTANT CLERK said the rate was due and nothing would he gained by holdim.' back the payment of it.—lt was decided to pay Vag rate demanded. This was all the business of the Board with the excep- tion of a discussion on the vaccination officership, 3 report of which will be found in another column- .

===== 0002601_18940616_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
MARKETS.

WIDNES, SATURDAY.—Fresh butter, la 4d and Os Od Per - lb.; fresh eggs,l2 for Is ; fowls, 3s Od to Os per couple ; 03 Od to Os per couple ; geese, Cd per lb. ; beef, Vid to Pd lb. • mutton 4,1 to 6d Per lb. ; pork, 9d to Od per lb. ; veal, Od to 'A per lb. ; lamb. Od per lb. ; potatoes per load. 5s ed. RUNCORN, SATURDAY.--Fresh butter is 3d and Os Od lb.; fresh eggs,l3 for Is ; fowl, 4s Od to Os Od per couple; due Cs Od per couple ; geese Os to id per lb. turkeys is to 0 Od per lb. ' • beef, 8d per lb. : mutton:. 'sla to os per lb. pork Cd to B}dld per lb. ; lamb Od to Od per lb. ; veal Od to 9d; per lb. ; potatoes, 4s 61 to 5s Od per load. Cheese 7,1 d per lb. WARRINGTON MARKET.—WED:YESDAY. JUNE 13T0. FRUIT, VEGETABLE. POULTIcY, BUTCHERS', AND FISHMONGERS' TABLE. - s. d. s.

S. d. S. d.

-. ... -- Beef, Eng.,r lb 0 s,+to 0 9 Melon, each ... 0 6 0 3 • - Lamb per lb 0 9 1 0 Oranges. each 0 0— 0 1 Mutton „ 0 6-0 10 Celery V stick 0 2 0 3 Veal „ „ 0 6-0 9 Pear e 0 r- 0 0 . Fork,, __ _ .

Pork sides ~ cured Whole pigs„ sc 8 2 8 4 Cucu !Witt, each 0 4 - 0 6 Ueese „ Fowis r couple 4 6-0 0 Tom, t oes r tb 0 8— o la _Chickens

Ducks „ R" Its Mare,. cne ... 4 6 -0 0 Asparaens 7 1C)00 0— 2 6 Pig,eons „ . Part ridge brace 4 0— 0 0 New potatoes „ 0 2 - 0 3 Grouse „ Pheasan: 3 -0 0 Green Peas 4,, m 0 0— 0 10' Turkey 0 10— 0 0 Green prouts it 0 3 0 0 Butter, fresh It 1 4-1 5 13,ans, kidney it 0 0— 1 3 Fen eggs 12&14 1 o—o 0 Pomeg:anates... 0 I—o 0 Duck , ' Apples lo Onions Grapes „ ........0 0— 2 0 Fine new 6O 0-64 a Pine Apple each 2 6 3 0 „ good 55 0— 58 0 G-reengages ifrltO 0— 0 4 „ medium 50 0—55 0 Cherries „ Stray.. berries „ 0 6 0 8 Turbot „ -0 0 Damsons „ ~ 0 2 0 0 Salmon „ Plums „ 0 0— 0 4 Whitings Gooseberries., 0 3' 0 4 Flukes „ Raspl,erries „ 0 0— 0 0 Eels „ „ Black Currants 0 0— 0 6 Soles „ „ lied Currant:3 0 0— 0 0 Sparlings -0 0 Marrows each 0 0-0 4 Codfish „ Sealiale ,ii, nn 0* 0— 0 0 Macaerel each 0 4 —0 6 Rhubarb bch 0 1— 0 0 Herring V' dozen 1 0— 0 0

ITETIL—C. JORDAN AND SON, OLD 'ESTAB— LISHED SURGEON DENTISTS, SO, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. A COMPLEVE SET, 15.. Single Tooth, 25.; Stopping with Enamel, 2s. ; ditto Gold, 5c.. Fire years' warranty. Highly recommended by 0" JORDAN, L.D.S., 'loyal Colle;ze of Surgeons. Made in 3 few hours without extracting old teeth or stumps. Dr. NEVILLE says :--I can with every confidence reCOrn mend them. prom the Rev. FATHER NUGENT : To Messrs. C. Jordan aficl Son. Dear Sim—Having had occasion to consult you several times during the past few years. allow me to bear tvstimoo.77, to the highly professional, skilful, and humane treatment I have received from you as a dentist, and to assure you that you have always given me entire satisfaction.—l remain. dear Sirs, yours faithfully, J:. P. NUGENT- -From the Rev. JAMES KELLY, M.A. : Dee • Sir,—l have much pleasure in testifying to yoll professional carefulness and skill as a dentist, of which have had expsrience for now many years.—Believe sue. yours faithfully, JAMES KELLY, M.A.' Incumbent of St. George's Churcno Castle-street,. Liverpool. Specimens may be seen. Consultat;ons Free, 10 to 7" 80, BOLD-SIRE:I3T (few doors above slater-street) Liverpoo''

TE !an. TE ET H. _ TEETH. PARKINSON-S TEETH are,, at the price- "UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLDI 1!): IEETH. public may rest assured that, these state i merits are based on ABSOLUTE TRUTD° and perhips the best guarantee of this r TEETH. intending patients is that .T. H. pARKIrs- SOS has one of Large 4 Dental Practia's TEETH. in England, the outcome of emploYiF,6 the BEST LABOUR, using the TEETH. MATERIALS obtainable, and charging .." LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. Any set made, or work. done by him. TEETH. not giving ABSOLUTE SATNFACTION "• -1-- every detail will be immediatPly co,rected,. TEETHor an ENTIRE NEW SET made FREE 4:3' . CHARGE. TEETH. These conditions insure the publeS stltls- faction and recommendation, exemplified ME ETH. 21 sets having been imerted for patieot4 du ing one year only directly and indirecttr _i_ risEET-ri. through the voluntary persuasion and reconl: " mendation of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. An, 1- or all of thee patients' names and addresst TIL'ETH. for reference, will be given to any would""; _ patient personally applying for them. likes"' TEETH.- with thousands in the past, each reconr- .TTEE:TT: mending their friends, speak volumes for Vr' Parkinson's success. nt . 1 His unusually large dental establis-hreLis adapted for the COMFORT of Paen'',l ti ts NOT DETER ANY. ALL are WirL CO-NIP 1 FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily, from: 910 . TEETH. and 2to 6. ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS EXTRACTI9I; TEETH. &c.. as hitherto, by the aid of his own LIQUID NITROVS OXIDE,. of which m TEETH. new liquifies for sale to dentists. near1,'..,... 10,000 gallons weekly. Patients have, 007, fore, in this speciality aiso the- benefit a ti TEETH. experience. !TEETH. , TEETH.

TE NAB •

J. H. PANICINSON,4* Dentist by Examination, 3IANCHESTEI4, 43, MO3LEY-STREET. LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCII-STREST. ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET. EAR m LESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs- Me 2 to 5 n viARRINGTON ON WEDNESDAYS, 3. S.nkey-etireet•

(Side ent ance, first floor) a t 0.5 p.m. RUNCORN, on TH UHSDAYS, at Mrs. Hughes',Confoctl°Deir°

Bridge-street, from 2 to 5. NORT }MICH, on F RID AYS, at 13,. Applemerk et-st rest,

Or 11 to 12 a.m.. and Ito 5. pan. A)

W arrington. —Printed and Published by JOHN 19.1\1•1"' treSt• at 771. e krannwer General Printing Works. Bei a seIT:9 food 4.11,1 Published also at The Eraminer Offices, Viet°rljvt,.. ,SV• WIDNES; High-street, RUNCORN ; 32. George-titre-00 ; 14 Nen% : and 33, Igarizaiatraa* 8aii&F,53"0154... "I 17M. „

===== 0002601_18940616_art0133.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_ IP ' st„ I:- 1, -

===== 0002601_18940616_art0134.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18940616_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
1 . 1 2 i Is co 51 ,11 Si If ,E) r. ;. 13 I, 4 1 ,etc 6 olar! trin* and to 8/AC. 3ckhoPropria) Ser4l* P't SHIP CANAL. ,i rt. vo) '6d. , INIAWSON AND CO. Rave pleasure in ANNOUNCING that FINAL 011 , ARRANGEMENTS have I,een made to have a r I„bc' ton" AI[ONSTRE EXCURSION • lb. "OM WARRINGTON TO LIVERPOOL AND NEW 11. BRIGHTON AND BACK, BY THE SHIP CANAL, On SATURDAY after WALKING DAY. a. IrrIRE SPLENDID STEAMER "SNOWDROP." ) 1 ;Pare there and back 3s. Children under 12 years half fare, ) 3 1 e it; ara f departure from Latchford Locks, 7-30 a.m. Steamer I 3 tif„.l")-a- Brighton at 5-30 p.m., and Liyerpcol at 6 p,rui. 10 Pa "`iSON and CO., also beg to announce that all Cash I %plants to them bet,een APRIL let, and JUNE 16th, to I 6 tezrent of £3 will entitle the Customer to a F.REE TICKET ) 6 l'itri)r cent, on all lesser pa rehases. As the accommodation I 1 Ited early application for T i .ckets s necessary. ,13 35, SANKEY STREET, ' WARRINGTON. ) 6 .0 0 )) )10 ) 5 ) 0 06 3 ) Ero 0 THOMAS FRAIN, ;3 b o ItrsT and DEBT COLLECTOR, House, Estate, and ) General Commission Agent, Ripz; GLADSTONE STREET, WARRINGTON. eotint` AND ACCOUNTS regularly collected in town or ) 411 BEBTS PURCHASED. References and Terms T 0 ° Communications promptly attended to. - n • ) 1p L) 41"ERS LANE COAL WHARF, 0 ° 1 6 WARRINGTON. 0 0 TRE PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON COMPANY, LIMITED, •••—•°--f'4 00' '1 INCE HALL COLLIERIES, NEAR WIGAN. °CAL MANAGER, ALFRED PERRIS. eit.plttikainds of House Coal, Nuts, Burgy, and Engine Fuel order, st''ck• Wagons sent to any Railway Station, House C. Promptly attended to. * , it) rders'received also at 19A, Sankcy-st. 10. f ersl 51 OV't ve!itott 1011. , ceiel Ir?1' 01.1. 3r), dec., SJ, te' '4ll' ?D to WELLS'S GRAVEL PILLS. stire cure for Gravel, Lumbago, Pains in the back, Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaints PILLS Diseases of the Kidneys, Bladder, PILLS Urinary Organs. Stone, Gleet, Stricture PILLS bciatica, Rheumatism. .&e. The Effect PILLS 21tAxETI" of One Box is Marvellous. Price 1/11 PILLS 11"„il "I„RAVEr and 2/9 per Box. Agents :—Wells. PILLS `4llA:vp," Chemists 69, Higher Banam. Blackburn PILLS /Ctepit Chernistl,, ~Thornber, Chemist. Accrington; Barnes, PILLS k from 1,,z Plungington-road, Preston' or free by post 50 41, Scotland-road, Liverpool. '„-; ica lIENIBRY & CO. have amongst their Stock ,tiert,„ !kir r...I.NOLEUM about a Dozen Good Designs (and a lota 7i;la nt ty of each pattern), all of which were printed be- ree J4bilee Year t:l'irlolZ who understand the value of seasoning with regard eOe'; Orth rn it will be unnecesssry to point out the Increased the 491 4in„ . material, nor to say than an opportunity of ob- filt•lnnleum Sowell matured very rarely (-emirs. re'gt, ntt a • "FLY &"0 's% and PRICES and PATTERNS UB &CO 43, d 47, CROSS-STREET Tek,w, ALBRRT-SQUAREI,MANCHESTER. d•N,4 D D —b S DANDELION COFFEE ra.pe . The b r,14 4°ld by est and cheapest ever offered to the Public. • In Grocers and Druggists. in Canister tbe who) 5d., 104.. and is. 84 each. Of 11 by I. GEDDES Sox, Warrington. VV. BE ATT Y, t o•taTILDER AND CONTRACTOR, f' °ICPIELD TIMBER YARD, EAR LBSTOWN. Genertai ler in all kinds of Building Materials. sr° re. Pairs to Property of every Description. All kinds of Drainage and Sewage Work. Estimates given. 110051. Ot' 104 till 110.' c 3 1° 3'4 .ed " Age 4 vell' 001! ;S. t, 'tree d .ro4 LI/ FP'

THOS. CLARK, "EXAMINER" OFFICE, 33. MARKET-STREET, EARIESTOWN. 4 Road iselection of Reward Books, Alburnr, Ladies' Bags and " Ileral Stationery, can always be had at the above address. A eh • • --31ce selection of useful Second-hand Books to be . sold cheap. Pi tow., and Periodicals delivered in the Neighbourhood. i.' 'r REMBRANDT ART STUDIO, , _i 18, FRIARS' GATE, WARRINGTON. (Round by Lipton's). (Dont Forget It.) J. W. elfAmsoN. Qte a THE PHOTOGRAPHER. nt 4' -.' e" a Good Portrait at a Reasonable Price. TRY THEM. Photographs of Anything and Everything.

.ISi• ti• COLLIS BROW.NE'S CHLORODYNE. THE O,IIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. -E; I admitted by the plibeLotptho.-6,--.s . . Profession to -e tnost Wonderful and valuable remedy ever dis- kPLIDRODYNE is the best remedy known for enV,"zhti. Consumption, Bronchitis, and Asthma. .MPRODYNE effectually checks and arrests 4gue:"3e too Of fatal diseases.—Diptheria, Fever, CromP, eIiL°RODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhma, Cri /I. aridt.( i 3 the only specific in Cholera and Dysentry. ry,R.ODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks Cii -.Pilep,,y, Hysteria, PalPitation, and Spasms. *1 ORODYNg is the only palliative in Neural- it, Ria. Illacutnattsm, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis,

H L'SSEY'S LADIES' SHIRTS AND BLOUSES. ARE THE CHEAPEST AND MOST STYLISH IN ENGLAND. FANCY LACE SCARFS, BOWS, TIES, FRILLINGS, FALL NETS, PHOTO-FRAMES, ART POTTERY, FOREIGN FANCIES, &c. SPECIALITY INEXPENSIVE JEWELLERY. 116 BOLD STREET. LIVERPOOL.

Established 23 ,-Fe3.rB in.:Manchester REPAIRS. SOMEIZI•ILLE AND SONS, MANUFACTURERS OF OUTSIDE SUN BLINDS WITH WOOD AND PATENT SPRING ROLLERS WORKS: 83, B..X.CK. PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

T 0 BAKE RS AND CONFECTIONERS. GREAT REDUCTION in the Price of TINS and all UTENSILS in'the TRADE. Troughs, Scales. and Weights; Blowers, Chaffers, and Pipes ; Strainers. Trucks, Rid•tles, and Sieves, Peels, and Rods ; Dockers, Scrapers, Barth Cans, Flour Scoopes, Knifes, Grease Brushes. Bakehouses and Shops fitted up with every Utensil in the Trade. Large Stock. Price List on application at Isi. LOWE'S, Bakers' and Confectioners' Tool and Utensil Manufacturer. 24, PRESCOT-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

Li LE S, WEIGHTS, AND WEIGHING MACHINES. CHEAPEST PLACE IN TOWN. SCALES for Butchers, Bakers, Confectioners, Grocers, Provision Dealers, Greengrocers, Fruiterers, Totacconists, Fishmongers, Coal Dealers, &c: All stamped. To be sold at less than Cost Price. M. L 0 IV E'S BAKERS' AND CONFECTIONERS' TOOL AND UTENSIL MANUFACTURER, 24, PRESCOI-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

CHIMNEY TOPS! CHIMNEY TOPS. Large Stock always on hand of Wind Guards. Cavity Heads, Cowl and Spiked Tops, Iron Paint Cans. Painters and Builders special-made Galvanised Buckets. Paint Strain- ers. Knotting Bottles. &c. All kinds of Sheet Metal Work done at a Grert Reduction in Price. AT M. LOWE, PAINTERS & BUILDERS' TINMAN, 24. PRESCOT-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

GOLD SPECTACLES & EYEGLASSES FROM 15s. 6d. All Repairs dcne on the Premises. G. AND 1.1 • STOKES, 10, CHURCH-LANE, LIVERPOOL, By St. • Peter's Church. TEN YEARS WORKMAN TO WOOD late ABRAHAMS.

ALLAN'S PINE TAR TABLETS FOR COUGHS. —New vapour method by lozenges. Give instant relief in Coughs, Bronchitis, Asthma, and Hoarseness, is. Ud., of H. ALLAN (late Dispenser to the Royal Infirmary), Breck-road, Liverpool, and all Chemists, Stores, &c. Free by post 131 d. per box. Send stamped addressed envelope for FREE SAMPLE.

BLAUD PILLS is. PER GROSS, 3 GROSS FOR 2s. 63. Postage, 23, extra. WHY PAY EXORBITANT PRICES? J. H. ALLAN, M.P.S., CHEMIST, 59, BRECK ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE, LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT COMPANY, LIMITED. Head Office: 163. ISLINGTON. LIVERPOOL. LOANS from £5 to £l,OOO on personal or other security. £l5, Repayable 6s. Weekly, Entire Charge £1 2s. 3d, £5O, „ 20s. „ £3 9s. Od. £lOO, „ 403. „ £6 16s. Od, ALEX. GORDON. Manager.

i?UPTURES, FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. XL T. EGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual Trtuss for Cure of linpture ; registered ; consulting hours 10 till 3. Trues and Surgical Appliance Works. 7 & 9. Grosvenor-street, Lon- don-road. Manchester.

Agent. Various sAqTaleli3-tr qualities supplied. Coal p,liea AgentWarrington,f Pullar's Dye Work a:

I‘ll ASSAGE TAUGHT in Manchester; terms .E 1 is. for a course of six lessons.—Apply Miss GREENFIELD. Home for Hospital-trained iNurses and Paying Patients, Stamford-road. Bowdon.

HIGHEST PRICE Given for Old Gold and Silver, Diamonds, Sheffielq and Electro Plate. Antiques. Dental God..te. Letters attended to. C. H. HAYHURST (late J. Harris Gibson). 73, Renshaw-street. Liverpool.

POLICE NOTICE. THE POLICE are hereby GIVEN FULL POWER J. to Arrest all Persons who are net seen in possession of one of the PARAGON'S UMBRELLAS or WALKING STICKS, and convey them to E. COHF.N, The Paragon, Roe- et., (adjoining Royal Court Theatre), Liverpool.

FEATHER BEDS. Purified BED FEATHERS, 6d. ver lb. BEDS with PILLOWS and BOLSTER in Strong Linen Ticks of 501 b 8.1. per lb. Free on rail. Cash with Orders. Trade supplied. FEATHER BED COMPANY, DONINGTON, SPALDING, LINCOLNSHIRE.

T HOMAS et k,iOWDELL. ESTATE AGENT, I. MILL-ST., MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON. Rents collected in Town or Country. Agent to Royal an 4 Liverpool and London and Globe Insurance Companies.

-1-1 ntiARD," PRACTICAL LADIES' TAILOR. TAILOR-MADE GOWNS. MADE TO ORDER FROM TWO GUINEAS. FIT AND WORKMANSHIP GUARANTEED. LADIES OWN MATERIALS MADE UP, 10, SLATER STREET, OFF BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

SUN INSU FRoAI 2DEE D I°7l 10FICE, (FIRE.) SUM INSURED IN 1593.—£395,E54,440. For all particulars apply to the following Agents:— WARRINGTON Mr. J. R. Pickmere ‘t Son, Bridge-st. Mr. Edward W. Woods. Commercial Chambers, 55.Horsemarket-street. Mr. Lewis Voisey, King-street. Mr. R. Lowe, Market Gate Chambers.

• 35/_ . REVOLUTION IN THE 35/.. WATCH TRADE. T. B. CARDWELL, PRACTICAL WATCHMAKER, 105. DALE-STREET. LIVERPOOL, • Offers to the Public and especially to Mechanics, a thorough English SILVER LEVER WATCH, reliable in works and accurate in time, at a cost of 355. Many persons will tie surprised that a genuine English Lever can be made for the price, but T. B. CARD WELL has succeeded in prißlucing an English Lever 355; Watch not inferior to those sold elsewhere for £5. The 355. ENGLISH SILVER LEVER WATCH, Jewelled in Seven Actions, guaranteed for Five years, can bc. had at CARDWELL'S 105, DALE-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Next Door to Central Police Station. Hall-marked 18-carat Gold English Keyless Lever Watches, from £7 10s. REPAIRS PROMPT AND RELIABLE.

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING RESQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16s. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 245. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9s. Gd. 391 AND 411 DALE STREET, AND •8, PARKER STREET, LIVERPOOL.

3Pottro'.

DUBLIN. MANCHESTER & PROVINCIAL HOTEL. SECOND TO NONE IN IRELAND, Trams pass the door. LAURENCE FLOOD, (late of Warrington), PROPRIETOR.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, V 34 TO 40, LUDGATE HILL. SOME COMFORTS. CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. Central for business or pleasure.

-DLACEPOOL.—GATIrS PRIVATE HOTEL. 57, Adelaide-st. Board, Apartments, and Attendance, 6s. per day. No extras.

T LANGOLLEN.—EIVION PRIVATE HOTEL. Picnic and Choir Partles catered for. Excellent accom- modation. Tariff on application.

LL ANDU D N O.—PARADE HOTEL, Church Walks, close to Pier gates.—Exeellent accommoilation ; rnorletate charges ; FIRST-CLASS ORDINARY DAILY at 1.44 ; luncheons, dinners, teas, Stc, Choirs and picnic parties catered for. Daily, weekly, and Week-end Boarding Terms.—C.T.C.

QOUTII PORT.— SUNNYSIDE HY ysi ci an Li Dr. BARNA TWO. Summer and 'Winter Residence, one of the handsomest buildings in !.,outlmort, centrally situated, replete with every comfort, fine Sea View ; near Parks. Piers, Trams, and Golf Links ; Turkish, Vapour, and other Baths ; Massage. Galvanism.—Terms moderate—Proprietor, J. Boococx.

TO VISITORS TO LIVERPOOL. HUG H ES'S TEMPERANCE COMMERCIAL HOTEL, 18, OLD HAYNIARKET (one door from St. John's Lane). LIVERPOOL. Close to Lime-st.. Tithebarn-st.. and Central Stations. First-class Bed and Sitting-room accommodation. CHARGES (including attendance) is. 6d. to 2s. ter night. BitEAKFASTS, DINNERS. TEAS, at moderate PrIces.—PARTIES CATERED FOR.

STAPLES, WIRE NETTING,GARDEN ras. CUT, WROUGHT, WIRE, AND COPPER NAILS. Bolts and Nuts, Washers, Set Screws, 3ce. W. AND J. ELLISON, GENERAL IRONMONGERS, 55. PARADISE-ST., LIVERPOOL. Telephone, No. 1.735.

y..A. C TS ' AND BOATS' IRONMONGERY. Rowlocks. Binnacle Rings, Lamps and Fittings, Con- necting Links, Chains, Eyelets and Thimbles, Copper and Iron Nails and Tacks, and every Description of Shipping Tackle. W. and J. ELLISON, 55, PARADISR-SIRRET; Liverpool. Telephone. 1,735.

WORTHINGTON'S BURTON ALES AND STOUTS. FINDLATER'S DUBLIN INVALID AND OTHER STOUTS. GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT IN CASE OR BOTTLE. FINDLATER'S STOUTS may now be bad in 41 gallon casks WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS in bottles only. J. M. BEACON. BREWER'S AGENT AND BOTTLER, 14. ST. JAMES-ST.. WARRINGTO,N.

PLEASE NOTE: H. ROBINSON, WHOLESALE MOULDING IMPORTER AND PICTURE FRAME MAKER, HAS REMOVED TO 21. ST. ANNE-STREET, LIVERPOOL, DIRECTLY OPPOSITh TILE CHURCH. PLEAsE Nan,: H. ROBINSON'S ONLY ADDRESS.

THE CELEBRATED "11. W. N. SPECIFIC" FOR RHEUMATISM, SCIATICA, CRAMP, &C. Recommended by Users and the Medical Profession as the best CURE. TRY IT: Prepared only by R. W. NEWCOMBE, 113, HANN-STREET, BIRMINGHAM. Post Free for 16 Stamps.

1894 SHOOTING SEASON. 1894 GUNS, RIFLES, AND AMMUNITION. WILLIAM GRIFFITHS, 70, BRIDGE STREET. MANCHESTER, Has a Choice Selection of Hammerless, Ejector and other Guns and Rifles of every description and quality. Ammunition Gun Cases Olay Pigeons, and .Traps, Dog collars. Chains, Muzzles. Whips, and Vermin ;Traps, and every resquite. Call and inspect. Write for new cartridge List.

• .JON. BLUNDELL & SON, PEMBERTON, WIGAN IND ORRELL COLLIERIES. COAL WHARF, 271 GEE STREET, WARRINGTON. ENLARGEMENT 011 PREMISES. COAL LOADED FROM WAGGONS, UNDER SHEDS, PROTECTED FROM EXPOSURE TO THE WEATHER. JOHN DIGNUM, AGENT.

UNDER THE CLOCK. PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY. ARRIVAL OF NEW GOODS FOR SPRING, 1894, GENTLEMEN'S BOOTS and SHOES in all fittings. GENTLEMEN'S CALF SEWN BOOTS, all widths, 8/11 GENTLEMEN'S CALF BOOTS. 10/6, 12/9, 16/6, 18/6, 21/- GENTLEMEN'S RUSSIA TAN CALF, 6/11 to 18/6 GENTC,EMEN'S LOW SHOES, all fittings. LADIES' BOOTS AND SHOES in 200 varieties. Three Gold Medals Awarded. THE WARRINGTON.O LOCK. 118, UNDER BRINDDGEE:STREET, HALL'S MY U.:ATTER. NEW SHAPES, NEW STYLES, AT LOWEST PCES FOR THE SUMMER. HATS AND CAPS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION Can be obtained at HALL'S NOTED 11A.T SIIUP. MARKET GATE. WARIIINGTON.

GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS. FOR DANISH KIEL BUTTER, SMOKED WILTSHIRE. IRISH ROLL AND HOME-CURED BACON. PRIME CHESHIRE CHEESE, In fact for General GROCnRIEs AND PROVISIONS At Prices to SUIT all try E. DOWNES, FAMILY GROCER AND PROVISION DEALER, 12, OXFORD STREET. EARLESTOWN.

IS MARRIAGE A FAILURE ? What a question to ask,. but how often could it be answered in the affirmative, the principal cause being the improvidence of Furnishing on the Hire System. Since our advertisements have appeared pointing out the disadvantages. we have re- ceived several le ters agreeing with our denunciations of this pernicious sys'em. Each Hire Agreement specifies that after the deposit is paid, so many weekly payments shall be made and that until the whole of the sum mentioned is paid the goods shall not become the property of the would-be pur- chaser, and that if any of the payments are neglected to the exact time specified the goods may be forcibly taken away and the whole of the payments forfeited. County Court judges have denounced the sptem, inasmuch as the vendor ' gets both money and goods. Again, the prkes charged are enormous, without any respect being paid to the quality, in many cases being worn out before they are paid for. To corr.- ' bat this system, and open the eyes of the public, Worsley's of "The Pantheon," Gayt horn, Manchester, the Largest Retailers of Second-hand Furniture in the world, have determined to alow all respectable householders to have furniture at the ticketed marked cash price, a small percentage being charged for the conven'ence of payment by the week, month, or quarter. On the fourth page of the "Examiner" we advertise a list of Bargains every week, any of which can be had and paid for by convenient intervals, the articles being delivered upon the first payment being made. Furniture from £5 to £1 000 may be arranged for in this way. To give an idea of the equity of our proposals we are prepared to supply for a working man a House of Furniture complete, thoroughly good and substantial (every article warranted), price £2O cash down, not a penny less, or 10 per cent extra if credit is given, making £22. Full particulars sent on application. GREAT BARGAINS AT WORSLEY'S. ONE HUNDRED BEDROOM SUITES ON VIEW. Tl 4 Marvel: This is a solid American walnut Bedroom Suite, beautifully finished, has an excellent Wardrobe, with plate-glass centre door, Dressing-table, enclosed with latge drawers, the top fitted with large swing mirror and jewel drawers, Washstand, with Carrara marble slab and Minton tile back, with shaving glass, the bottom prettily enclosed with cupboard and drawers, Chairs, and Towel Rail com- plete; a very pretty suite. What price for tills, £25 or £3O? No, only 9 guineas. Money returned if not satisfactory. Ten per cent extra if credit is given. W. H. WORSLEY, "The Pantheon," Gaythnrn, Manchester. See Advertisement on page 4.

CORPORATION OF THE CITY OF MANCHESTER. CONCENTRATED MANURE Made from Slaughter-house and Market Refuse. Excrement from Pall Closets. BLOOD, BONES, FISH, &c.. Delivered in bags, carriage paid, at £3 per Ton. Special price over 150 miles. SUPPLY STRICTLY LIMITED. ORDERS should be given early in the Season to prevent disappointment. FULL PARTICULARS FROM R. D. CALLISON, INDOOR SUPERINTENDENT, CLEANSING DEPARTMENT, TOWN HALL, MANCHESTER. OR TO MR. BOLD ALDRED, STAMFORD ROAD, ALTRINCHAM.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION. HOOPING COUGH The eelesratrel effectual HOOPING COUGH cure without internal medicine: HOOPING COUGH Of all Chemists price HOOPING COUGH Age pernts: . bottle. Sole Wholess:Nle BRONCIIITIS 154 re, Queen Victoria En a Street, London. OR UP S HERBAL EMBROCATION. ROCHE'

'TEETH! TEETH TEETH! MACDONALD'S COMPANY. WHOLESALE ARTIFICIAL TEETH MANUFACTORY (Registered.) 8., H.M.R. Letters Patent. (Trade Mark.) The Best an.i Cheapest House in the Profession. Single Teeth, 2s. ; Sets. 20s. Fit and Quality Guarantee& Patients fitted while they wait. A lady in attendance. The Trade Supplied. All best materials and workmanship Teeth extracted free from 6 to 8 p.m. Teeth extraoted without pain. Free consultations. 29, PICOATILY (Opposite Infirmary Clock). MANCHESTER.

rr G. PATERSON, • FLUSHING, HOLLAND. ASCOT STAICHS, ROYAL HUNT CUP. DERBY, &c. The TURF REGIST 6R, published twice daily, is forwarded pest free on receipt of addreis. Double and Treble Events on all Principal Races.

HARD TOPPING.(I%.ateWBoAuLYOGANEN_suDit.mER). Only Address, FLUSHING, HOLLAND, Postage 21d. Price list publish.d twice daily,*eontaining latest market movements, forwarded free on receipt of post- card containing address. NO REPRNSENTATIVES AT RACE MEETINGS.

FISH, GAME, POULTRY, &c. R. GLENDINNING & CO. (who have been established for the last 60 years at ST. JOHN'S MARKET, LIVERPOOL.) Intend opening the premises 48, lIORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON, are now opened with a choic selection a FISH, POULTRY, and GAME (in season). Special attention will be given to all Orders entrusted to us. BEST ARTICLES SUPPLIED at the LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. H. GLENDINNING & CO.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from 13. CiIUNN INGHAM., 2. near WATKIN-STREET, WARRINGTON.

DASSENGER AND SHIPPING EXCHANGE.- -Plans and particulars of all Passenger Steamers and Steamship Lines sailing from Liverpool, London, Southamp- ton. &c.. to be seen, and all Bookings and arrangements made at Bywater, Tanqueray, and Phayre, Limited, 23, Water-at.. Liverpool.

WHITE MAILA R STEAMERS. LINE ROYAL st, . LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown. EVERY W EDNESDA Y. BRITANNIC... Wed., June 20 I "MAJESTIC...Wed., June 27 Cotton not carried on Passenger Meamers. Second Cabin will be carmen on too voyage marked thus". Steerage passage including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, and Philadelphia, at low rates. The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class, uniform in model and arrangements, and unsurpassed in the completeness of thbir appointments. Saloon and State Room amidships. Apply to IsmiY, IMRIE, and Co., 34, Leadenhall-street. London. H.C.. and 10, Water-street, Liverpool.

SATURDAY AFTERNOON AND SUNDAY SAILINGS TO NORTH WALES. . The Splendid new Saloon Steamer SNOWDON Will Sail THIS DAY (SATURDAY), weather and circum- stances permitting), leaving the Prince's Stage Liverpool, at 2 p.m. for LLANDUDNO. arriving back about 3-30 p.m. Also TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) leaving at 10-45 a.m.. for LLANDUDNO and MENAI STRAITS. arriving back about 7-30 p.m. Fares :—Llandudno—first class, single 3s. ; return 4s. 6d. ; second class single, 2s. 6d. ; return 3s. 6d, Beaumaris and Menai Bridge--first class, single 4s. ; return 6s. ; second class, single 3s. ; return 4s. 6d. Subiday season tickets, 30s. Return Tickets issued Saturdays, available Sundays. For further particulars apply to W. H. Dodd, 31, Tower Buildings, Liverpool.

ISLE OF MAN.—ROYAL MAIL AND EXPRESS STEAMERS (SUNDAYS EXCEPTED). DOUGLAS TO LIVERPOOL. LIVERPOOL TO DOUGLAS. Daily 9 a.m. Daily 11-30 a.m. Sat,. & Mons. (extra)...4 p.m. Satz. & Mons. (extra)...4 p.m. I Mondays (extra)....l2-30 a.m. DAY EXCURSIONS every SaTuPnal.- and MONDAY at 11-30 a.m., returning from Douglas at 4 p.m. Fore Cabin 4s. Cd., Saloon 7s. LIVERPOOL TO EAMSEY.—SBtordayB direct at 12-30 noon : Thursdays via Douglas at 11-30 a.m. FARES : Return (2 months) Saloon 9s. 6d., Fore Cabin ss. 6d. ; Week Ends, Saloon Bs. ; Fore Cabin ss. Hall Caine's new pamphlet, " The Little Man Island," also b)ok of Tours and Sal Hugs Douglas to Dublin, Belfast, and Glasgow, forwarded on receipt of stamps value 3d., by the ISLE OF MAN STEAM PACKET CO., LTD., Douglas, or from THOS. ORFORD & SON, 22, Water-street, Liverpool.

DAILY SAILINGS (SUNDAYS EXCEPTED). LIVERPOOL AND NORTH WALES S. S. CO. LTD. P.S. "ST. TUDNO." Leaves Liverpool 10 45 a.m. Leaves Bangor and " Llandudno 1 0 p.m. Menai Bridge... 4 0 p.m. " Beanmaris 2 0 p.m. „ Beaumaris 430 p.m. Arrives Bangor and „ Llandudno 530 p.m. Menai Bridge 2 30 p.m. Arrives Liverpool 745 p.m. FARES let Class. 2nd Class. . Sing. Ret. Sing Ret. s. d. s. d. s. d. s. d. Liverpool and Llandudno 4 6 6 6 2 6 4 0 Liverpool,Beaumaris.Bangor4Menaißr 5 6 8 0 3 0 5 0 s. d. First Salooß Season Tickets Monthly Tickets, from any date Weekly (Mondays to Saturdlys) 0 15 0 REDUCED FARES FOR PARTIES OF 10 AND OVER DURING JUNE. Mesers. T. Cook & Son, Swan ,S 6 Leach Limited, Peers Brimelow, Horse and Jockey Hotel, Warrington, or T. E. BARLOW, Secretary., 20, Water-street, Liverpool.

THROUGH THE LAKE DISTRICT TO THE ISLE OF MAN. THE BEST ROUTE TO DOUGLAS IS VIA BARROW. Shortest Sea Passage. Express Service Daily (Sundays exupted). Commencing MAY 12th BARROW to DOUGLAS—at 1-45 p.m. DOUGLAS to BARROW—at 8-30 a.m. Train in connection with steamer leaves Warrington via Preston at 9.55 a.m. Special Cheap Return Fares from Warrington : First-class and Saloon 235. 6d. ) Trains run Third-class and Saloon lss. Od. alongside Third-class and Fore Cabin us. Od. ) steamers. SPECIAL NOTICE.—CIRCULAR TOUR Tickets available for going via Barrow and returning via Liverpool or Fleet- wood,or vice versa. an now be obtained at following Fares : First-class and Saloon l9s. Od. Third-class and Saloon 13s. 6d. Third-class and Fore Cabin 9s. 61. Passengers must state at the time of Booking which Route they wish to travel by on the outward and homeward jour- ney Passengers' Luggage is conveyed free of charge from and to the Steamers at Barrow. The journey may be broken at Grange, Ulverstone (for the Lakes), Furness Abbey, or Bar- row. JAMES LITTLE & Co., Barrow.

SCOTLAND. ORDINARY RETURN T ICKETS issued during the period from the Ist May to 31st October, are available for two Calender Months, by OWL or BEAR, but are not transferable. If not used within the pre- scribed period they are cancelled. No allowance made for tickets lost, mislaid, or not used. STEAM COMMUNICATION BETWEEN LIVERPOOL AND GLASGOW. CALLING AT GREENOCK ' The first-class full-powered Screw Steamers OWL and BEAR are intended to sail from CLARENCE DOCK (south-west side), Liverpool. as under, carrying goods and Passengers at terms stated in Sailing Bills, to be had from the Agents. JUNE. From From Princes Landing Clarence Dock. Stage prompt. OWL TUESDAY, 19th, 11 a.m. l-30 p.m. BEAR THURSDAY, 21st, 12 noon 2 p.m. OWL... ....SATURDAY, 23rd, 1 p.m. 3 p.m. ORDINARY FARES :—Cabin (including Steward's Fee) single, 12s. 6d. ; Return £1; Steerage, single,6s. ; servants in cabin pay full fare. Children above two years, and under twelve years of age half these fares. Cheap Return Tickets (valid for 10 days) issued between Liverpool, Greenock, and Glasgow. Cabin, 15s. Steerage, Bs. AGENTS :—G. and J. Burns, 30, Jamaica-st., Glasgow, and 10, Bernard•st., Leith; William Sinclair, Excise-buildings,. Greenock; C. MACIVER & CO. 64, and 65, Tower Buildings, Water-st., Liverpool. Offices of the Bridgewater Navigation Company, Lirriltul,and Old Quay Company, 41, Queen-st., and Water-st.. Manches ter, or C. Maclver, & Co , Albert-square, Manchester.

EMIGRATION TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD: JOHN WALKER AND CO., t.VAY, "EXAMINER" OFFICE. WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOR C UNARD LINE for NEW YORK every SATUR- PAY, and for BOSTON every THURSDAY.

NEW ZEALAND, TASMANIA, and AUSTRALIAN LINES landing passengers en route at Teneriffe, Cape Town, and at Hobart, ,te.

SPECIAL BARGAINS HENRY MILES WILL OFFER 500 LADIES' SHIRTS, BEST ENGLISH PRINTS, WITH DRESSED COLLAR AND CUFFS IN THREE FASHIONABLE SHAPES, VIZ: LADIES' SHIRTS WITH CAPE. LADIES' SHIRTS, WITH FRILL FROM SHOULDER TO WAIST. LADIES' SHIRTS, DOUBLE FRILL DOWN FRONT. NECK SIZES 13 TO 14 INCHES. ALL AT 1/111 EACH. USUALLY 2/1112. AND 3/11, HENRY MILES C") hO AND 20A, CHURCH. STREET, (Opposite Pro Cathedral) LIVERPOOL.

W. P. & WT. SKELTON, LIMITED, JUBILEE BUILDINGS, HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON. COMPLETE HOUSE FURNISHERS, GENERAL IRONMONGERS, SmALLivAnt DEALERS, BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, CYCLE AGENTS. GOLF CLUBS, TENNIS GOODS. BATS. WICKETS. BALLS. LEG GUARDS. GLOVES. &c. WIRE NETTING. FENCING WIRE. BASSINEITES, MAIL CARTS. MATS, MATTING. CARPETS, RUGS. LEATHER. BAGS OF ALL DESCRIP- TIONS. LADIES DRESS TRUNKS, TRAVELLING TRUNKS. WE RESPECTFULLY SOLICIT ENQUIRIES. JUBILEE BUILDINGS, HORSEMARKET ST., vi T ARRINGTON.

WE ARE NOW SHOWING NEW STYLES IN BIBLES, BIBLES, T ej MIN S. GREEN, PRAYER BOOKS, PRINTER, BOOKSELLER, punsEs, PURSES, AND . STATIONER, ALBUMS, ALBUMS, 34, BRIDGE-ST, • WARRINGTON. JUST ARRIVED-A NEW STOCK OF MEMORIAL CARDS.

FADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. THE FIRST TWO PILLS TOOK THE PAIN AWAY. FADE'S piLLs. 2, College Park Villas, Kensal Green, London, W.. May, 1891. EADE'S ILLS. Dear Sir.—l feel it my duty to tell you I had Rheumatic Gout EADE'S pILLS, once, and had to stop at home for three weeks. I cannot describe the pain I suffered. I read your Advertisement., and looked upon It as all others. A brother signalman said, " Try them.' I did so. THE FIRST TWO PILLS TOOK THE PAIN AWAY in a few hours, and I was able to resume my work. No one need be frightened to take them. I have recommended them fl OUT to all whom I have heard N. 3 complaining of Rheumatism, -1) HEUMATISM Gout, Lumbago, Neuralgia, • &c., I hope no one will doubt GOUT my statement.—Yours sincerely, HEUMATISM JAMES PETTENGALL. A, Mr. G. Eade. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. Prepared only by George Bade. 72, GOSWELL-ROAD, LONDON. E.C. ; and Sold by all Chemists in Bottles, is. ltd. and 2s. 9d. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS.

,• THE BEST MEDICINE FOR BILE. THE BEST MEDICINE FOR WIND, THE BEST MEDICINE FOR INDIGESTION, IS EADE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. They quickly remove the irritation and feverish state of the STOMACH, correct the morbid condition of the LIVER. relieve the system of all impurities, which, by circulating in the blood, injuriously affect the action of the KIDNEYS. and, by removing the causes 61 so much discomfort restore the vital energies of body and mind. -- EADE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. Sold by all Chemists in Boxes, is. lfd. and 2s. 9d. or mailed Free on receipt of remittance by GEORGE BADE, 72, GOSIVELL-ROAD, LONDON, E.C. -- EADE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS.

1894. 1894. ORDER AT ONCE. LTNSWORTH'S SUPERIOR TAILORING SPRING- OVERCOATS, SPRING SUITS, SPRING TROUSERS. UNEWORTH'S JUVENILE CLOTHINS. NEW STOCK. SAILOR SUITS. PRINCE SUITS. NORFOLK SUITS. U,NSWORTH'S HATS AND OUTFITTING. NEWEST STYLES. HATS AND CAPS, TIES AND *LOVES. UNSWORTH'S, HIGH STREET. RUNCORN.

SMITH'S TASTELESS DANDELION ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. le. 14d. and 2s. 91, per box (by post for 15 or 33 3tamps), are a proved substitute for calomel. Are suited for either sex, and may be Wen at any time. They clear the liver, stomach, head and kidneys; free the skin of humours, purify the blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and satety, after excess in eating or drinking. and are the most valuable at change of life, or periodical obstrurtion. No Blue Pill or Mer- curial., hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S., 280, Walworth-road, London. PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CELEBRATED CORN BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, Is. 11d., per box, by post for 15 stamps ; a known cure, however bad the case. SMITH'S INVALUABLE PILE POWDERS, AND PECTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZENGES SAME PRICES. Sold by all Paten!: Medicine Vendors

doyal Laundresses say ()Titer:tey's STatICX Gr.. 08111 is unequAlied for impartlnif a heautilni finish to starched I nen. :Lc_ either cold or boiling water starch. lir. —, Corn- wall. mys :—•' My wife will not finish »Tv linen without your '::...turcti Moss.'" From Mrs. —, Bradford "Dear . I am plelsed to Inform you that I have tried many so-called Starch (3 lateg and Polishes, but find none equal to yonra." It should 1;,, used in every house. Bold at 11., 3d., and 6d.„by ,nost sturch sellers. If not in stock will proenra it. Ca icnt.r.wr. RI Aelchnrn. Pfimrietor.—Ad/t.

SOUTIIPOET. pRIVATE CONVALESCENT HOME for Ladies and Gentlemen. Terms moderate. Highest references. Misses MARRIOT sad BROWNE, Trained Nurses, Knypersley House, Park-road. MRS. S. A. ALLEN'S WORLD'S HAIR It ESTORER. The natural colour re- stored and preserved. IT IS NOT A DYE. An absolutely perfect Hair Restorer and Dressing.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT. - . MONDAY. In the House of Commons nn Monday evening, Sir E. GREY, questioned by Mr. J. W. Lowther as to the diffi- culties inAfrica,sai I the French Government had been in- formed that Her Majesty's Government would be ready to enter with the French Government into a general review of all African questions pending between the two Gov- ernments for the purpose of such an adjustment as would place the relations of the two countries in Africa on a more satisfactory footing. Mr. .7. Mon.LEY, in answering a question put by Mr.T. W. Russell as to a meeting recently held in Virexford for the alleged purpose of denouncing "land-grabbers," said it was the opinion of the most competent advisers of tbe Government that to take notiee of every meeting and to hunt for cases of this kind was the way to increase dis- order in Ireland. Captain NAYLOR-LEYLAND moved the adjournment of , the House in order to call attention to the recernmenda- tions made by Mr. Pringle, a sub-commissioner of the Royal Commission on Agriculture, in eeeard to the county of Essex, and to ask the Government if they in- tended to give legislative effect to those recommenda- tions. Among other things he complained that the tithe and the land tax were excessive, and suggested that grants should he made from the Imperial Exchequer in aid of the local rates of the county. Sir W. Helicons:a. said the House should wait for the report of the Royal Commission, and Mr. H. GARDNE It pointed out that Mr. Pringle's report was merely evidence placed before the Commission. Mr. CNA PUN/ urged that Parliament should do something to arrest the fall in prices. The motion for the adjlurnment of the House %Yea defeated by 205 to 163. The House Lenin went into Committee on the Budget Bill. On clause 4, imposing an additional 1 per cent. duty on settled property,Mr.Bterenerzenoved an amend- ment to except ordinary cases of marriage settlement. The amendment was adopted, and Sir W. Hancouter offered to accept at a later stage an amendment by Mr. ^ Bartley to exempt settlements made before the passing of the bill. Other amendments were rejected by majo- rities of 31 and 51. The clause was added to the bill before the House rose. In the House of Lords the Eerl of DENBIGH moved the second readine of a bill to amend the Merchandise Marks Act, 1887. cio as to give powers to prevent the fraudulent marking of imported goods, and to deal with the practice of importing prison-it-lade goods. Lord BLAYPA IR opposed the hill as being unworkable, and the Lord Chancellor and the Earl of Kimberley also spoke against it. The Marquis of Salisbury sunpotted the motion, and on a division the second reading was car- ried by 49 to 26. TUESDAY. In the House of Ccmmons on Tuesday ereninte,Mr. H. Gardner informed Mr. Chaplin that he proposed to , held a special inquiry as to the character of the disease lof the infected cattle from Cenada, and Sir H. James and Dr. Sanderson, Waynflete Profeseor of Physiology at Oxford, had undertaken to act as legal and pathological assessors. In reply to questions, Sir W. FIATICOURT said that before the Budget Bill left the House the Government were perfectly prepared to ceme to a thoroughly good understanding with the colonies on the subject of the , estate duty. The House again went into Committee on the Budget Bill, resuming consideration of clause 5, which relates to the collection and recovery of the estate duty. The Points discussed were of a technical character. The Government majorities in the divisions ranged from 43 to 57. WEDNESDAY. In the House of Commons on Wednesday, in Com- mittee of Supply on the Army Estimates,a discussion took place on the vote for provisions and forage. Reference was made to the gymnastic training of the men,to billet- ing, and to the importance of new ranges. Mr. Tom- LINSON said they had an admirable range at Chippine, but he urged that a light railway sheltie] be constructed to it. Mr. CAMPBELL-BANNERMAN in reply admitted the necessity for new ranges, but said there was great diffi- culty in getting them. The suggestion with regard te the light railway to Chipping would he carefully con- sidered. The military authorities were constantly look- ing out for new sites, and were doing the beet they could with the limited means at their disposal. The health of the army and the repeal of the Contagions Diseases Acts were among the subjects discussed. Mr. CAMPBELL- BANNERMAN promised a Select Committee to inquire into the employment of meritorious soldiers, and it was sub- sequently appointed. The vote was agreed to. Another vote was talked out. Several bills were postponed. and , the House adjourned at twenty minutes to six o'clock.

r)AMSICY. Isle of Man. Woodburn House, Windsor Mount. IL APARTMENTS, Park, Lake, and. Sea View.—Mrs. BURNS.

p AMSEX. Isle of Man. House of Rest for Christians. Refereuees requested.—Lady SuPERINTENDENT, Bay View.

BALMORAL HOUSE, South Pcomenade, Ramsey, Isle of Man. superior APARTMitNTS, moderate terms.—Mrs. KERMODE. (IOMFORT ABLE Lodzings or APARTMENTS. near Talbot - k) road Station ; sea view.—Mrs. P EWE, 137, Talbot-riad, Black; 001.

Q 0 UTIIPOR T Comfortable APARTMENTS, at 58. East Bank-st., bath, w.c. ; Vane minutes from station and promenade.

II AMSEY, Isle of Man.—Water-edge. 10. South Promenade, , comfortable APAILTMENTS ; moderate terms; the MISSES SAYLE.

I_tAMBY, Isle ot Man.—Homely APAREMENTs near Shore. or Furnished House TO L.bl.-12, Win.isur Terrace, Ramsey.

ORECAMBE. APARTIENTS.—WEBILKirkst,II House, LVJL 14. Devonshire-rd.. off Regent-rd., Wef,t End ; boarJers 4s. 6d. per day.

II 10 LET, comfortable furnished APARTMENTS ; plearant- i Iv sitited.—Apply Mrs. LAMBERT, Rose Cottage, Silver- dale, Carntlirth.

OUTTIPORT, near Promenade, comfortab'e APA (IT- O MENTS. with good cooking ; terms modem! e.—Mrs. TerLoft. 12, Bold-st.

I)LACKPOOL.—APAItTNIENTS, home comforts. public or 1 private.—Mrs. CHAPMAN, 29, C:arles-st., near Talbot- road station ; piano.

PAMSEY, Isle of Man.—Alma Hon s Firt-clAss B ,arding LIL, Establishment : moderate tariff. Table D' Hote, 6-3). —Apply, MAXAGERE.',S.

NTORTII WALES. —APARTMENTS. co .e to safe bathing IN beach : beautiful sc,nery.—OwEN, 14, Mercey-street, Borthygest. Portmadoc.

RAMSEY. Isle of Man —Armadle House. Vo,rngll Promenade, select APARTMENT or Board. Moderate terms.—Mrs. MCCORMICK.

T) AMSE V. Isle of Man.—Private, Sleet APAIITMHNTS ; pl en did situation. overlooking park and bay.—Mrs. CURPHEY, terms moderate.

AP ng ARTMENTS, one sitti and one or two bedrooms. splendid mountain views, terms reasonable.—GßEAVES Truutbeek, Windermere.

A HOME FROM HOME, at Mrs. Ronmrs, 65, Lytham- A.A rd.. south shore. Blackp,)ol, ptablie and private APART- MENTS, near the sea.

fIOMFORTABLE LODGINGi for tn invalid Lady or ki Gentleman, good attendance.—Terms mthierate. —Mrs. LANG HORN, Croft Ends, Appleby.

BUXTON.—General or private ;with or without. board ; ground-floor bed-oom every cimfort.—Mrs. POTTER, Rock House. London-road. Buxton.

QUPERIOU APARTMENTS in Farmhouse, tw.l minutes L 7 walk irom sea.-- Mrs. WALLER, Hawthorne Cottage. Cart-lane, Grange-over-Sands.

IVORTH WALES. Houses to be LET. furnished, unforn- -11 ished. or Apartments.—Apply, to W. HUGHES ROBERTS, Estate Agent, Bangor, North Wa.es.

A BERGIMIL—CastIe View, nine rooms; stab!e. wash- -11. house. garden. As a whole, or APAHTMENTL— Address. ROBERTS, Proprietor.

DLACKPOOL.—(Mon Boarding House, 13, Lansdowne .10 Crescent, Darernont Park). racing sea.—Board and Residence, 6s. 6d. per day inclusive.

BLACKPOOL (Halstead and Pusey).—APARTNMN£B, public and private. 17, Havelock-it.. near. Centr Station ; good bees; mwderate terms.

1) A JOEY. Isle of Mon.—Premier House, New Promenade. APAUTHNNTS or Board. Uninterrupted S!ft and land views. Terms moderate.—Miss MIDGLEV.

LANDUDNO.—Furnished unfurni,hed Houses and 1J Apartments TO BB LhT, for 66i.i011 and otherwise.— Apply A. J. OLDMAS. ',owe agent, &c.

APISBY.—TO BE LET, Furnished, from 3 tit June, a email HOLISM. two siiog rooms, tour bdds. Near sea. —B., The ottage, Bride, Isle of Man.

Bux-rox._Quiet, pleasant APARTMENTS in house of widow lady, near baths, gardens. churches ; terms moderate.—B., 58, West-stteet, Buxton.

BARMOUTII—Superior APARTMENTs, magnificent SCA ; t and mountain view ; honvt c,rnforts erms ,eatonatie. —Mrs. RIMPIIREYS 7, rorkington Terrace.

MORECAMBE—Mrs. NocnFoter, £5. Westend-ro .d ; APARTMENTS, with or without botard ; every con- venience ; spienaid sea view, terms mederate.

L LANDUDNO.—Washington Hotel. facing Eel ; adjoining Rivieres Pavilion ; home cfunforts ; cle.snliness ; moder- ate charges ;Fin: otd whisky. Welsh Ales.

APARTMENTS.—Mrs JENNINGS. 63, Lytharn-rd., south shore, Blackpool ; near sea and Central Pier and Man- chester Hotel. Piano.—Terms on application.

LLANFA IRFECHAN.—APARTMENTS ; Dztached Villa; very private: lawn and garden; good (looking and moderate terms.—Atra. HUGRES. Belmont House.

LA.CKPOOL.-3. Stanley Villas, North Shore. APART- MENTS, private and ; with or without Board ; bath with sea eater; sea view ; terms moderate.

A lIERYSTWYTH.--APAIITMENTS; south aspect: !ea 1-1 and mountair, view; piano, bith.—Miss YATES, NVul- truna House. Lisburn Terrace. Terms moderate.

NORTH WALES, for good Furnished HOUSES or APART- MENTS in any part of North Wales.--Address, .T. BRACESTONE, Houses and Estate Agent. Colwyn Bay.

CIOMFORTABLE eating room and bed room TO LIIIT. in Bewsev-road. no children. term 4 very moderate. refer- ennea.—Addresa. B. " hxaminer" Office. Warring& n.

DOUGLAS.—Mrs. AratsTßoNo, 3. Lanreston Terrace, (top of Broadway), near promenade and bathing grounds. APARTMENTS with or without board. -Terms moderate.

TSLII OF MAN, Warrington House, 8. Empr-ss Tertace, Ai_ ',est part of Douglas ; !butted in or B-.y. Meet- lent references. Teems moderate.—P. TRAVIS, proprieto:.

lAKE DISTRICT— Ulsvra ter, Patterdale, close tf, the lake, ../ board and lodgings, Pleasure Poats kept. Bathroom hot and cold water.—Apply to Mrs. BitOWX, Grisdale Bridge House.

ALCOIIMODATION —Lel ,vv scenery. gool fishing. head Basserithwaite Lake. iliats kept. Boar d anti lodg- ings very moderat.. Mrs. CRUmr,Swan liotel,Thornthwaite, Keswick.

• TlOUGLAs.—Nicans u wg, Ilarewood?se, Mena Drive. / Margin of Bay. C °se io blating, •bathing. Ft tt amns, merits. 0..0d tea and bed 3s. Full 13;.:ard Irom ss. per day. Beds from I.s. 6d. OIITH WALES.—TO LTiT Furnished, small Villa, for J. summer mouths, good view of Eei and mountain. All modern conveniences, large garden.—Mrs. EDWARDS, Prestatyn. near Ilhyt.

CIOMFORTABLE APARTMENTS TO to LET in the ki country ; about 14 mioutes' wsik from canii station, Krivoi; and ,Colchetb.—Miss FAULKNEE, Home Villa, Twiss Green, Culeheth, near Warrington.

Furniz,bed 1101.1811. TO 1111 LitT. for July or August. eonts.ining sitting-room. guod kitchen. small ditto pantry, five bedrooms; c^.ose to station end sea; terms £4 weekly.—Apply Stanley House.

KESWICK LAKE DISTRICT, high situation, furoished APARTMENTS TO LLT, for week, month or season; two sitting and five bedrooms (one Uouide), ellse to Dervrent- water 'Ake, a good boat kept.—J COK3IAN, kegliylllfouse, Vale of NeWands. Keswick,

Wall WALES (one mile from 1-to!ywell and Pantaaaph). APARTMENTS i ilice cottage on the mountain ; pure and trning air, beneficial to anyone in delicate neilth ; or permanent home. if required, for al.,riv or gentleman.— Address Mrs. LLOYD .Davull, Brynford. Holywell.

APARTMENTS, finest sea and mountain view in town.— Moderate terms.—Mrs. EVANS, Bardsey View, Bar- mouth, N. W.

BDUXTON.—}laildon Grove Hydropathic. Finest inland dering place in England ; healthiest and best posi- tion, Billiards, 'tennis, etc. Send for prospectus.—G. E. HALL, Proldrietor.

ABERDOVEY, North Wales—To LET, Furnished House, two sitting rooms, four bedrooms, and one large atiie, with two beds, good boating, fishing, golf.—Miss JoNES, 8, Glandovey Terrace.

PLACKPOOL.--J. CASH, York House, 23, Wellington I) Terrace, south Beach, Promenade, near Central Pier. Tobacconist :;nd Cigar Importer.—APARTMENTS, public and private. Piano free.

L LANDEDNO—ARONDEL HOUSE—Boarding Establish- ment, also private sitting rooms TO LET; every home comfort ; two minutes walk from Pavilion ; moderate terms by day or week.—E. WILLIAMS, Llewellyn-st.

11ARROGATE.—The CAIRN HYDROPATHIC ESTAB- LISHMENT is in the best position in Harrogate. In close proximity to the Golf Links—Write for a copy of the " Cairn Times" containing tariff and all particulars.

BLACKPOOL-I\lra. P. WeituutiToN, 4, Hull-road, opposite Excursion platform. uentral Station, well-aired beds, summer and winter. Good accommodation tor visitors. Home comforts; terms reasonable. Near the sea. Reliable. Piano.

BLACKPOOL—Visitors to Blaei, pool will find comfortable APA M EMS, with or with.,ut board at Mrs. CowEN's, 14. Crystal-road. Sow h Shore, five minutes walk from South Shore railway station. Public and private apartments. Close to sea. Piano.

PAR CMENTS, sitting room. double-bedded, tso singles. ,Lll. Cose to sea arid railway station, five miles from Bar- mouth, splendid scenery of Cardigan Bay, Birds Rock, Dysynni -Valley, Cacierideis, various falls, called Welsh Bri,gliton.—Apply,PosmtisTEß, Llwyngwril, Merionethshire, North Wales.

DOLTGLAS.—Mrs. E. LINGARD, York House., Castle Drive. opposite Castle Mona Hotel. Beautifully situated ; commanding view of bay and headlands; every modern convenience, private sitting-room; apartments, with or without board; terms strictly moderate ; trams pass every few minutes.

rUniNISHIiD APARTMENTS. to LET in a Farmhouse, five bedrooms, sitting and dining rooms, within ten minutes' malk from the Beach. F,xelient mountain and sea air. Terms nyiderate.—Apply. to Mrs. ROBERTS, Edeyrn Mill, near Pwllll4l.

Mantel.

QTAMPS—WANTED, unused old Englishalso ForPign collectious—Wickins, 7, Charleville Circns, Sydenharn, London, S.E.

WANTRD Old Gold, Silver, Jewellery, Diamonds ; test price in city.—HlLL, pawnbroker, Sc. James's Theatre, Oxford•st., Manchester.

WANTED. JOINERS 71-d. per hour; also Working FORE- MAN, good wages to competent man.—T. BROWSE, Tower Works, Chester.

NITANTED SITUATION as Journeyman Pork Butcher; good character.—Address, ENOCH BRAY, 3, St. John- street, Burnley-road, Bacup.

Espteirmweeeblv: elirtimieorrseexcan Abeppmiavde(eeanscilloys iinno.,as•htaoml whole tsopa J. CAMPBELL, The Grange. Street, Somerset.

AGENT WANTED, £26 r er quarter. paid weekly, splendid opening. Experience unnecessary. Specimens Free.— Address COMPO WORKS. loarnworth, Bolton.

AGENTS WANTED —Comi3 Introduction cirds ; endless enjoyment : guaranteed original ; samples 4d.—Artistic Card PRINTING Co., 38 Lowfield-rd., Stockport. To DRBSSMAKIORS.—WANTED, Agents in every town to teach the " Patent Handy System " of dressmaking. —For terms apply to Jes. BOND, Inventor, Longton. Preston.

RENTS—WANTED, well secured first or secomis, k._) in any part of Lancashire. Will complete when houses roofed in and slated.—Send full particulars. A. F. PILLING, Temple Chambers, 33, Brazenose-st., Manchester.

ASSISTANCE required, to launch a patented Invention. 14 great auxiliary in Torpedo warfare, coast defence. Life saving anparatus. A:c.. a retired Naval or Engineer Officer preferred.—Apply to J. W. F., 5, Royal Terrace, St. Davids, Pem.

QTONERS for the Royal Navy, age lE to 25. Height from 1.3 sft. 3m., chest, 34in. Weekly pay on joining ; Us. 8/1. clear, after ',bout 10 months 14s. clear. No prerio -s experi- ence nec,ssary. Also boys age 15 years to 161 yeirs —Apply Colourergeaut JoNEs, Kings Arms, Buttermarket-street, Warrington.

RUNCORN SCHOOL BOARD. WANTED, CARETAKER for the Greenway Road Schools, Wife to assist with the cleaning, Sic., waves 20s. per week in the summer, 248. in the winter. Preference given to a Pensioner who will drill the scholars. Written anVications to be sent to me at the School Board Offices, not later than Monday 18th inst. Canvassing mem- bers ot Board will disqualify applicant. . G. MOSS, Clerk to the Board. June 6th, 1894.

910BACCONISTS commencing. 111'd, Got& (3 stamps). 1_ How to commence.—Tonsccoxlns' OtroomisG Co.. 186, Enston-road. London. Manager, Hr. MYER', Est. 1866.

JEFT OFF CLOTHES bought, best price tor parcels for- warded, if not approved. goods returned.—JAMES (ion- MAN, New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 326,328, and 346, Deansgate, Manchester.

ECOND-HAND DRESS SUITS, Military, Theatrical,Band 0 Uniforms for sale or hire.—TAMES dOTIMAN, New and Seccnd-hand Clothes Dealer, 326. 328, and 346, Deartsvate, Manchester. Also Gentlemen's misfit Suits perfectly new at a third cost price.

TOBACCONISTS and those commencing should call or send I for our Price List. Competition defied.—GOLDEERG'S, Paradise-at.. Liverpool. Bstaplished 1850.

4articss, 3Egirsess, earts, Bogs,

SORE STIOULDERq, SORE BACKS. &c., quickly CURKD BY CONDY'S FLUID. Veterinary Book free from 61, Turnmill-Street, li. C. Hones suffering from wounds, cuts. bruises,- broken knees. crack, d heels, grease or thrush. CUJIED in a few hours by bathing the parts affected with Condy's (diluted). It makes the hair grow where rubt,ed off. Prices, 8 oz.. is. : 20 oz 2s. of all Chemists. NTETERINARY BOOK free containing full directions for V curing diseases lf Horses, Dogs, I.:e. from' C °MDT'S FLUID W ORKS , 61. Turnmill-street. London, It C.

HOOPER AND SIMMONS COACH BUILDERS, 8, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES at Moderate Prices. Good Stock to select from. Estimates for Repairs given free. The best work only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams. Landaus. Victories, Wagonettes. and Phxtons. now for Sale or Hire.

TA RAGS.-ON SALE, the choice of TWO DRAGS; one _ILI with Warner whrels.--J. Lugsmore House. Thatto Heath, St. Helens.

DOG °INNERS' Name and Address Engraved One Shilling. Dog Colle.rs for Sale. Coal Dealers Labels wholesale and retAI.—IIALL, 53. Paradise-street, Liverpool.

lIANDSOMR TURNOUT Governsss Car. Pony and narness ; also splendid Alexander DRAG, fitted with brake, cob size. great BARGAIN.-163, Prescot-rd., Fairfield, Liverpool.

• -VAST young strong-built COB, 13 hanals, has been running 12 in milk cart, sound, quiet, and good worker in every way, with Gig and Maness, Hay Chopper. (almost new), Scales, Weights. Stable Utensils ; lot £l2, or would separate them ; cot, above double, owner no furl her use; also Cart, cheap.--Mrs. WOOD grocer. next Wilton Arms, Bury New-, road, Eqrangewrivs, Manchester.

HORSES HORSES ft HORSES I!! All colours, sizes, and peces.—To Tradesmen 4ncl others.,-.To save money and time and avoid the well-known risks of fairs and auc- tkns and getting a worthless and useless horse for vonr busi- ness. yonr cannot possilOr do better 141-11 go to W. 'PARKER W00D.6 TO 16, AINSWORTII-STRUbIT COPPERAS-HILL, LIVERPOOL, where volt can have one on hire or trial, with vif ir to purchase, Hirers for long or short periods liberally cleft with. Fresh arrivals vs eelcly of young and useful horses cobs, fu.d ',maws, suitable for all purposes. Horses houghtnr exchanged,—Note the address.

GEORGE JACKSON. PaWNBROKE JEWELLER. AND SILVERSMITH, 59, AND 61, CHURCH-ST.. WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY. Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING, CHINA, GLASS, GUNS. and MUSICAL IN- SIRUMENTS ot every Description. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

JUST FORFEITED, 4 Cassells " History of England, nine Payments taken. volumes, handsomely bound in red cloth, good condition ; cost seventy S. 6D. shillings, will take

GRAND opportunity. Lady's extremely ii au dsoin e mot Payments taken. fashionable Diamond and Sapphire RENO., in solid 15 caiat Hall marked gold, set with tour diamonds of wonderful purity and fire, and three sapphires of a beautiful blue colour honestly -worth four pound.. Only LADY'S very hanthome SILVER WA TO If, exquisitely hand Payments taken. painted and tinted dial. Case richly chased. Cost nine months ago 30s. taken in exchange. Warranted for 10s. D. three years. Only

DAHL of del,ghtully toned Chromo PICTURES. subjects -" Fountain Payments taken. Abbey "and " Kirkstall Abbey," after "Mclntyre„' in Sunk Mounts hand- s,rne three inch gold frame, size 31 by 26. Well worth 255. Sacrifice the r.air for 9S. 9,D. Frnir EITED, First-class, well- masle, highly-finished, Silver Payments taken. Waltham Lever wArrcu, full plate movement. Expansion balance per- fectly adjusted,tully jewelled. Perfect timekeeper. New we've months ago. Cost 778. 61. Warranted for five V_ 6s. 6D. years. Only

A FEW Job Lots of first-class .±V quality LINOLEUM, . splendid Payments taken. patterns, quite perfect, usual price is. Sd. per square yaid, any length 181 2f). cut, our price to clear per square yard.

MIREBHOLD BUILDING LAND at Stockton Heath to be sold.—Apply Jolts PEMBERTON, Stafford-rd., Wilder- spool.

[)LAUD'S IRON PILLS (F.P.) enrich blood. beautify J.) complexion; gross, post free, IB.—INNLAN :aid Co., Edinburgh.

ADIAN HAY.—Buy direct from Importers. Truck lJ Loads to any station.—KEEßLE BROS., West Gorton, Manchester.

FIiUIT SALTS.—S AVG money, make your own. Genuine recipe, foar stamp.—OmvEn and Co., 13. Rugby Terrace. West Hartlepool.

ON SALE, MANURE WORKS, Widnes, and Gas Works and Cotton Mill, Derbyshire.—Apply to J. HOMING, 16, Fenwick-Street, Liverpool.

HOP ALE—Great Temperance Beverage. sparkling and refreshing., made for less than 31. a gallon.—liecipe 7d. —TURNER. Limp-field, Surrey.

QEVERAL FANCY UOODS and Stationary BUSINESSIZS for disposal in the North. Price from £l5O to £350. Apply to E. W. Alomus's Business Agency, Oxford,

FCR SALE, Soda Water BUSINESS in a large town, doing a safe business : model factory ; price £600. Apply JOHN STOW and Co , Hessle, East Yor kAaire.

MANm- I:„FeAs TvUe lvteEt S F' 1 ltaeni nnne sn tag ci n. potiubrf Cn ad iecsoe. s c, Ci eaasph price list free.—W. CLAniksioN, merchant, 41, Swain-street, Bradford.

PHOTOGRAPHY made easy, illustrAted catalogue (sent free) of Amateur Photographer's Requi,ites—new and second-hand—cheapest house in the trade. The Photographic Depot, 71, Oxtord-st., Manchester. (All Saints).

jOHN LOWE, Fire and Thief-proot SAFE MAKER, has ON SALE Milner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others; new and second-hand ; very cheap; 100 to choose from. —313. Albert-street, King-street West. Manchester.

INDIGESTION cured cheaply and Certainly from flue recipe of an eminent phyoiciem. No mineral or veget- able poison, but nature's own remedy. Particulors and fort- night's supply for 14 stamps.—J. ltosE, 31, Widmore-road, Bromley, Kent.

QTAMMERING.—MR. MASON. "The Stammerer' Friend." continues the effectual CURE by Manual of Instruction and Correspondence, Visiti. or Residence. Treatise and 2,003 cases lent tree.—Cumberia.nd Villa, 50, Bouverie-road, London, N.

TO" ROTECT YOUR GARDENS from ravages of birds. Tanned Netting. 35 square yards for is. Win not rot if left out in all weather. Sent any width; carriage paid on all orders over ss. As supplied to the Royal Gardeus.—FA T. JOHN GASSON, Fish Merchant. Rye.

FOUND, a way to make On Pound go as fdr as Three. The most wonderful Stock of Gentle 'ei's end Boys' Cloth- ing in Liverpool. Gent' Dress Suits on lire, 3s. to ss, per day.—litivonn, 164, London-road, Liverpool.

ECZENTA.—" Dr. Wilson's Eczema Cure" immediately relieves irritation and pain aid speedily cures the most obstinate Skin Diseases, when other means signally fail. Jars ls. 14.; treble size. 2s. 9d. At most chemists, or post free. direct from 20. Fordham-st., Liverpool.

T3ROTECT YOUR FRUIT from the ravages of birds. Tanned Netting, is oiled and dressed. Will not rot if left out in all weathers. 35 sq. yds., Is. Can be sent any let,gth or width. Hundreds of testimonials. Carriage paid on utders over 55.-lil.snr ItonissoN, Net Merchant, Eye, Sussex.

QF.IN Rnd S'ORBUTIC nISHASRS such as BCZHMA, 1,-7 SCURF, SYCOSIS (Barber's Itch), PIMPLUS and other truptions cured by " IMGLAND'S OINTMENT.”-- Has cured cases of long standing arer medical n- en have failed. Per Box is. 4id. By Pobt Is. 60. From E. lINGLAND, Liscard, Liverpool.

ITEAUTINE CURES HEART DISE k SE, and all Diseases of the Nervous System. One bottle proves it. Weak Heart and Palpitation Sufferers try this ; three bottles will effect a thorough cure. Of all chemists, or carriage free. 94. eavh, of C. Wooncomt, 190, High-street, Lincoln, or at LEWIS'S, Market-street. Manchester.

UURNISIIING and UNDEBT‘IiING BUSINESS, ISLE 12 OF MAN ; fair stock. price low, premises on lesto., very extensive, with large yard, suit any manufacturing business (part faciiig quay) or restaurant ; good opening for latter ; stabling, ke. ; lacing three main thoroughfares ;large passing • touriat traffic.—Apply, J. J. CoilLwrr, Ramsey, Man.

HEIGHT INCHBASED.—Three inehes without fear of det.-ction by PINET'S Blevatots (Patented). Can be worn in any Boot or Shoe. Awarded Gold Medal, Paris. Cdtition—only obtainable, PIXET, E., 56, Berner's-at...Oxford- st., London, W.. —Pamphlet and 'lestimonials one stamp. rte 50 000 -people increased their height last year by Pinet's Elevators.

110 FRUIT GROWERS, MERCHANTS and OTHERS. L PATENT CHIP PUNNETS for STRA.WBEItaIRS, RASPBERRIES and other ckoice Fruits, either square or round tap, with or without Puent Voiding Handles.. Also RhGISTEithD _pQt/A.ItH CHIP PUNNETS in six sizes, with or wiShotit PtitAt Folding Handles.—Free on rails. in London. Circulars of pr.ces, to be hut of the Patentee, GEORGE LERDHAM, Broom-road Rotherham.

THAT'S WHAT I GET FOR MY PAINS," at, tlle eyeii,t aiti(3, when rubbing with IBSON'S FAMOUS EMBROCATION.—BottIes 40r 2,, Yd., and 4.. 61., post free.—Gmsox's EMBROCATION CoMPANT, Queen's Avenue, Castle-st., Liverpool. SOLD at ROOTS, Cash Chemist, BrAze-st., Warrington'

Q MrIII'S complete FURNITURE for a Working Man's CuttAge tor the *mall sum a £7 17s. 6. packed or delivered tree of charge.

SMITH'S £7 103. DRIWING-ROOM SUITE in elegant designs, wish Cabinet, Table, Carpet, Rug, and Brass fire appendages. Cab fare paid. •

QiIIITH'S 47 17s. 6d. Solid ASH BEDROOM SUITE: handsortiely varved panels in Wardrobe, Chest, Pair Tables, Chairs, Pedestal, and Towel Rails., Wurbh £l2.

SMITII'i £ 7 17s. fd. DINING-ROOM SOITI3I in POll4 frames, upholstered iu Bogasti Sadd'enags. Cost £l4, 12 months ago ; must sell. ' ---- -- SMITTI". 20s. BPOSTNAD, Palliasse, Wool Becl, Bolster, aud Pillows. Full size. Usual price 35c-56 and 5(.1, Kirkdate-road, Liverpool.

WARDED FIRST PRIZE MEDAL. Adelaide /IL Jubilee Exhibition, 1E87; and Sydney Centenary Exhibition. 18E3. —TO PICTURE FRAME MAKERS AND 'DECORATORS. Cheapest House in London for English and, Foreign Picture Frame and Room Mouldings —all the newest, designs. Two million feet always in Stuaß. Veneered and f`tney wood mouldings, etc. Picture frames of every description, oleographs,etc. Further reduction in prices. Wholesale Carver and Gilder. Every requisite for the trade and exportation. Special attention to country and shipping orders. Full particulars in pattern book and catalogue (e. 5 pages 4to demy revised for 1891) for 3d. stamps.-11. MonELL, 17 and IS, Great St. Andrew-st.. Bloomsbury, London. Telegraphic address "Rabbitry." London. Stock lists and prices of glass monthly. free.

rpo .SKIPNIAKERS" AND OTHERS.—ON SALE, 100 Tons CANE, WILLOWS, HAZELS. &c.—G.. M. JONES, 11, Victoria Bridge, Manchester. rpo FATIINITURit REMOVERS. GARDENERS. AND .t: orrimits,—MATS, MATS. from 38.63. per dozen. --- G. JO;VES,II. Victoria Bridge, Manchester.

88TH HALF-YEARLY SALE. PREVIOUS TO STOCK-TAKING. GEORGE AND COMPANY, , Sr)OTLAND-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. To reduce their immense accumulations of valuable and high- class Stock, will offer for a few days. previous to stock-taking £12.000 WORTH OF ACCUMULATED BARGAINS IN FINEST GOLD AND SILVER LEVER WATCHES, BRILLIANT SECOND-HAND DIAMONDS, SUPERIOR MARBLE AND GONG CHIMING CLOCIIS WARRANTED Al QUALIFY SILVER PLATE, ALL AT 5/- TO 10/- IN EVERY REDUCTION. MOST FASHIONABLE AND PERFECT GOODS. REGARDLESS OF COsT. NOTE.—AII goods being of highest quality and perfection (offered at the pitherto unheard-of prices simply to realise), a written guarantee of satisfaction will be given with each article. GEORGE ANT CO. (OPPOSITE CRANE AND SCOTLAND-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. —35-GUINEA. GOLD KEY-LESS CHRONOGRAPH. 214 5/....e4sitis3hs guineas I agiyueN (fas issir Gold STOPWATCH, by first-class Liverpool makers to the Queen, compensated, and adjusted for hot and cold climates, with full chronometer balance, every action jewelled in valuable rubies, and all the latest finprovements ; in massive plain 18-carat gold case, damp and dust proof; with new patent " unbreakable" keyless winding and mainspring; rated and timed to" dead" gun time, and we will give our stamped guarantee for thirty years. Doctor, Captain. or Professional Gent requiring high-class timekeeper should see this the greatest bargain we have ever offered. Approval free trial allowed. Exchanpes made. CERTIFIED ACCURATE WATCHES AT GEORGE'S.

UttltOriolulialidt LEV nit Hu relEtt. 29 18/6 FOR nearly ravirifijanlt3y above noted makers to the Queen; of finest pure English make throughout, adjusted for highest extremes of climate; fully capped, and jewelled throughout in rubles, with unbreakable mainspring and all Improvements; in massive 18-carat gold hunting case, fully damp and dust proof ; a perfectly accurate and reliable timest. warranted by maker and ourselves for 30 Veers. Another 18-carat Gold English Lever by Walker, Liverpool, fully capped and jewelled, offere3 for t 4 12s. 6d., cost £2O. Genuine forfeited pledges. 2,000 GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES HALF-PRIOR.

L&DY'S £l6 GOLD LEVER, BY ROBERT JONES 1c CO. Qla For a nearly new £l6 pure English GOLD -Xs e..) 0/ V LEVER, by the above reliable City makers; extra ruby jewelled, half capped, chronometer late& with fusee and maintaining power, in heavy 80113 18-carat gold cases (and dial), fully damp and dust proof, and beautifully engraved; warranted for 30 years' stamped warranty. A best quality pure English Lever beautiful In design, sound.relihble, and accurate in construction, is unprecedented at the above pzice. Approval. • £12,000 WORTH RELIABLE BARGAINS—GEORGE'S, LADY'S FIRST-CLASS 7-GUINEA GOLD LEVER. 22 15/6 (New Last Year). For Ladies' Gold LEVER, a beautiful watch, finest English finish, chronometer balance, jewelled in rubies, and all im- provements ; in massive solid gold Government stamped Cases, beautifully chased and engraved ; a rare opportunity, ; ositively unprecedented. and a warranted ac mrate time- keeper by 20 years' written guarantee. Exchanges made. Payments taken. GEORGE'S GUARANTEE ENTIRE SATISFACTION.

RUSELL'd 8-GUINEA CHRONOMETER HUNTER. 1.1,4 la For a splendid Silver HUNTER, "own 0/ X.) make." by T. Russell and Son, Liverpool, makers to the Queen ; full chronometer balance, and adjusted for heat and cold, jewelled throughout in valuable rubbles, capped, with unbreakable mainspring, and all known im- provements. in very heavy, plain silver cases, gold joints, damp and dust pool ; dead gun timer, made to special order last year, and warranted by tnakets and ourselves for twenty years' perfect satisfaction. Payments taken. Interior watches exchange&

8-GUINEA SILVIO t LEVER. BY HARGREAVES. R/3 2/6 For this Magnificent WATCH, by above world-famed maker to the Royal Family: fully capped and jewelled in five pairs extra with diamond endpieees. unbreakable mainspring, and all improvements ; In h-avy plain polished solid silver cases,d,st and water t;ght, with gold joints, hands, and double sunk dial. In condition as new. L 2 15/6 above sbiymijlia, or. 134rraonwdnbTiiyierveLrpEooVISR to Ed 2 19/6 trasmllea fonnifioi;inj, etreeardLEgitt.aly Thos. 21 -1 •e 7 /it Also Grand LEVER HUNTER, by Thomas / V Brown, Liverpool ; fully capped and jewel- led. All the above Watches are quite equal to new (we do not sell old Watches), and some have not had twelve months' actual wear, each watch an accurate timest, accomp4nied by our stamped warranty for twenty years, and entire satisfac- tion, and cub returned if not approved. Weekly or monthly payments CERTIFIED ACCURATE WATCHES AT GEORGE'S ss. TO 10s. IN EVERY £l, REUMYTION. SPLENDID 3-GUINEA " REGULAWit " CLOCK. 5 Iv For Splendid beautifully-eurved, real burr /u. Walnut and ebonised long case, 8-day REG- ULATOR CLOCK. with visible pendlum, nearly 30 inches long, with non-conducting rod and large lacquered brass bag and weights. finest hind-made polished movement, with solid steel pinions, double sunk dial, registering half seconds, and maintaining power complete. For beauty of design and the accuracy of timekeeping absolutely the best clock made, Warrante 20 years. 50) RELIABLE CLOCKS. ALL REDUCED PRICKS.

DIAMONDS ! DIAMONDS I DIAMONDS ! UNPRECEDENTED BARGAIN• 4! A GUARANTEED SAVING of 50 PER CENT. QUALITY, STYLE. AND DESIGN EQUAL TO CHURCH-S !BEET AND BOLD- STREET PRICES LOWER BY ONE-HALF. " LADY'S 227 LARGE DIAMOND HAI F•HOOP. 2, 7/6 iFn.g,raegtfigceentl A ON white)l erazillinanlisitNonescoatirne-- est perfection of lustre and brilliancy, in heavy 18-carat claw setting, with beautifully carved shoulders. Approval. LADY'S £,B LABOR DIAMOND HALF-HOOP, E 5 12/6 For Lady's splendid five-stons brilliant Diamond Half-hoop RING, the most per- fect large stones, one blaze of lustre and the, in 18-carat gold carved claw setting.

GENT'S £2O LAItGli SINGLB-STONR DIAMOND RING. 6 /6 Tilt oldo)l7l%;:apl,e.enrcrlecidtlarctsrionugsleoe Brazil- tan stone, ot the retest whiteness and beauty. in heavy plain 18-carat gold hand setting

21u DrAMOND AND —RUBY ,RNGAGRME NT RING. t 2 9/0 For magnificent five-stone Half-hoop of V large brilliant DIAMONDS and valuable Burmah RUBIES, all the most beautiful and perfect gems, in massive claw setting of wild 13-carat gold. Also large Oriental Sapphire and Diamond Halt-hoop. Coat £9 103. ; now £2 ss. 6d. FINH BRILLIANT DIAMOND HALF-HOOP.-. gll_ / 6 toIrA MigiD6 RING cu s!tve, r y tlive-stonene a perfect gem of rarest mitre and fi;e, in sold .18-carat claw setting. We simply dery competition with this lot. Approval.

£2 10s. REAL DIAMOND HALF-HOOP RING. 15/6 /(For Lady's Beautiful Half-hoop RING. containing five real lustrous DIAMOND 6, in roas..ive Gorton ment stamped 18-carat gold setting. Approval.

20-GUINBA °PAL, ANL: DIAP4O,%D PIN AND SLUM 25 I'7/6 toiratstmagnificent large OPAL and ND PIN, also forms scud; a large Opal of the rarest splendour, surrounded bY lovely per- fect white brilliants of the first water. in beautiful 14c rat claw setting ,• a most beautiful lot that will certainly never be rep ated at the price. Approval. SPECIAL MICR is directed to the fact that intending purclavers at a distance may receive any of the above be,uti- ful bargains lIN APPROVAL, safely packed, and at our r.sk by sending either cash deposit. or approved city references. Genuine and unprecedented offers. GEORGE'S t•ECOND-14 AND DIAMONDS. SPECIAL 01-FEES THI•4 DAY.

GENTs' £5 10s. sOLID GOLD A.,,BEHT AND SEAL. E219/6 Sipire:lll)lTßGTeantitsc; SEAL, all gold, Governrcent stamped every link, and revolving two- stone soil. with,blood.stones. Another, cost 7 guineas ; now only £3 14s. &1 ; another, with specially hanilsoine seal (cost £9 10s.) now cff-red £4 Bs. 6d. All warranted. Old chains taken in exchange as cash. Payments taken. LADY's 4-GUINEA PASIIIO.NABLE ALBERT. 37/tt, (Cost 4 guineas) for Lady's Beautiful GOLD tl ALBERT, of most fa hionable design, with double slides, galleries, all richly carved, with extra tassel and bolt ring drop, in m ssive solid gold Government staniped,equals new, and oxly 375. 6d. Approval. GEORGE'S IMMENSE STOCK GOLD ALBERTS.

5-GUINBA Al SILVER PLATE CRUNT7-- 34/6 (Cost 5 guineas) for magnificent full-size Six- / DINNER CRUIsiT, guaranteed best Al quality stamped heavy solid silver, plated upon finest nickel silver, and silver solderel throughout, with massive richly- cut " hobnail " square bottles of finest crystals, and shields for monogram ; suoerb quality and finish, and our A 4 ritten) warranty given. "GOOD LUCK" WEDDING RINGS.— -- SPECIAL OPFEES SPECIAL OFFERS 5/- TO (V— PsturnrepTiiiimrleaHDOnDliiN2G2-ciiiirNatGGs,venronwme4? in the pound cheaper than any other h use in the trade. A fashionable Hall-marked solid Gold Keeper given free with each ring. Largest stock in the city. ringer-size card free to any address. GEORGE AN D COMPANY (Opposite Crane and Sons), SCOTLAND-11,1AD, UVERFOOL. North Trams pass door. lEGAL ADVICE by return of post. one shillhw ; retired solicitor.—einatEn, 92, Cottenh an-street. Churlton-on- Medleck, Manchester.

QPLENDII) Wenring TW KED sultible for all -IN'ettr KJ round :toll irvss length, earri,ge paid, tor 'Us. ed. k patterns po. t fret. LUTA% LEATHLEY AND CO., Dept. 10, Arruley. Leeds.

Dnuss SUITS, rs. excellent condition. Few special Misfits, from 30a. ; Coats, 105. and 12s. Snits on hire, from 3s. per d s. Gentlemen's Misfits. and Second-hand Clothing of every descrip,ion alwAys in steck.—EtwOon' 164. London-mad, Liverpt,ol. vkr ALK ER'S SPECIFIC FOR PILP.S.—A Certain safe and sveedy renn-dy. eicial to the g tirnd health. Cute; constipation. Invaluab'e to ladies. ITS boxes. is. and 2s. 9.1_ of m st chemists ;be post 11. 3d. and 2s. . WALKF,II. 15. anarlotte-st., Landport.

rrimTs ! TENTS ! ! TENTS ! ! !—Suitalie for Gardens, 1 Cricket, or Clinping-ont purposes, 40 feet in cimum- termer. pure liocti, with pegs, poles, aud lines complete. These tents are white, and have only beeu used a little,' by Her alijesty's Government. and cost over L'; eacil. %rid send (tie cointlete for 30s. Can be mit on approval.-11ENhY J. Cii,,zoN, Government Contractor. Rye, Sussex.

WDLUR RIBBON TEA CO." Ingleton, require good can- vassers. Abstainers. Enormous Sales. Profitable Agency. Half pound samples, one shilling.

100,000 igrxdaLmaettre,:ssterslsccelT,obrrate.6:imPahteoutortm gr- Professionals. Manchester Ageucy is at 71, Oxford-street, (All Saints). New list now ready. Cameras bought or exchanged.

TOOTHACHE, Neuralgia, sufferers from either of these _I painful and distressing afflictions should write for my recipe, which I guarantee to effectually and rapidly cure the worst cases. Free nine stamps.-31r. ANDERSON, 17, Essex- st.. Brighton.

110 DRESSMAKERS.—By Royal Letters Patent, Handy 1 System of Drafting Garments by Appliance scientifically constructed and invented to do away with trouble of drafting patterns. It forms the pattern and adjusts itself more to shape of human body than any other system, thus ensuring a periect fit; can be set as quickly as one taking measurements ; simply to measure and move the appliance. The quickest and easiest system In existence. With instructions, post free, 21s. 6d. To he had only from JAMES BOND, Inventor and Manufacturer. LONGTON, PRESTON. Full particulars on receipt of address.

goaleo bp qtatton.

To Hotel Keepers, Cab Proprietors, and others. QUEEN'S MEWS, AND POSTING ESTABLISHMENT. QUEEN'S ARMS HOTEL, LEIGH. LANCASHIRE, WEDNESDAY NEXT, 20th JUNE, 1894,at one o'clock in the Afternoon prompt. VTR. WILLIAM REID has been favoured wit'a 114_ instructions from the Proprietor to SELL BY AUC- TION at the time and place above-named, the whole of the HORSES, PONIES, Carriages, Conveyances, Harness,Jad Stable It, quisites, hereinafter nam-d, v,z : HORSES.—Dark bay snare. 14-2 hands, 8 years old; dark chestnut mare, 14.3 hands, 5 years old; bay horse, 15-2 hands 5 years old ; bay horse, 15 hands, 4 years oil; black horse. 16 hands, aged ; black mare, 15-1 hands, 5 years old; light bay , pony, 13-1 hands, 8 years old ; grey nony, 14-2 hands, 5 years I old ; year-old entire colt, by ** Beaumont ; " and several other useful horses and poniets, all of which are well known in and around the district as steady, honest, and reliable workera. CARRIAGES.—Brougham, quite new ; circular-fronted brougham, in good order ; stylish phmton (by Anne Cowburn, Manchester).; two-horse landau, equal to new (by Allen and Davies) ; private hansom cab, nearly new : another han- som cab, in good condition; two waggonettes to carry ten passengers, two waggonettes to carry eight passengers. wag:: gonette for two or three horses, omnibu?, " Prince Albert," will seat 22 passengers; large 'bus to carry 40 passengers, light dog-cart, perfectly new ; strong drag, suitable for the district ; another light drag, pony, dog-cart, gig, strong four.. wheeled lurry, on springs, 10i-cwt., suitable for baker or pro- vision dealer . • two pony gigs, all with cushions and lamps; fast cart, nearly new : butcher's whitechapel, almo,t new, suit 15-hands horses, with lamps (built by Nield, of Manches- ter) ; a beautiful modern dog-cart, suit 15 to 16-hands horse with lamp and cushions complete, equal to new. HARNESS AND Gnins.--Twelve sets single harness, three sets double harness and one set triple harness, two sets of cart gears and one set of chain harness, two riding saddles (lady's and gent's, lady's as new, gent's used). Two-horse vertical steam engine and boiler combined, steam gauge, heavy fly-wheel ac.; chaff cutting machine, to work by hand or steam, in good condition, by Picksley. Sims and Co. The Auctioneer draws special attention to the above as being all good in their class, and invite entries as early as possible. Entries will be received either direct to the Auctioneer, or with the Proprietor of the Hotel, up to morning of Sale, WILLIAM REID, Auctioneer, 37, Stony-lan g: Hindley.

Iffiublirations. LADIES' HANDY ILLUSTRATED GUIDE. BY a LADY,DOCTOR. Free, two stamps. MADAME LILY, Colston-st., Bristol. Invaluable information'and blessing to womankind. Mention paper.

i(NOWLEDGE is POWER.—Thirteenth Annual I. Edition of Explanatory Book, sent gratis and-post free, gives valuable and reliable information how to make money quickly and successfully by Stocks and Shares.— Address Gao. Ewa; and Co., Stockbroker, 24, Queen Victoria-st.. Lgndon, E. C.

I 1 EE TO MEN. When you are tired of taking nauseous and mysterious prescriptions and compounds, which do you no good, but only ruin your digestiveotgans, write to me and I will send you a book which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN care for lost strength, wasting weakness, /cc., from whatever causearising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELECTRIC- ITY. Sent in envolope on receipt of two stamps for postage. A. .1. LEIGH. 92-93, Great Russell-street. London. W.C.

liftusiral Enstruments.

CAMAL Two-manual ORGAN; new ; fine rich tone. splendid pitch pine case.—ALEX. YOUNG & Sows. organ builders. Eldon-st.. Manchester.

W..TEMPRILLEY, MUSIC SBLLBR, 31, LOWLAND'S. ROAD. RUNCORN. PIANOS, ORGANS, 'VIOLINS, &c. Tuning and Repairs. All kinds of Fittings in Stook. Arrangements made for First-Class. Orchestral Band and Pianists. PIANOS on HIRB and on HIRE-PURCHASE.

FURBISH at WORSLEY'S, GAYTHORN. HIGH-CLASS SUMO:iv-HAND FURNITURE, " THIS PANTHEON, GAYTHORN, MANCIIRSTNR.' El;lCurnLTtire CHAT.—Theoerw lies ne great i iTe fa tadvantage thatct c)fsiet hasco bornend-hand the test proving its stability. The world's desire to have everything at the lowest possible price, together with the enormous competition, the introduction of steam power, has all tended to the production of cheap new jerry furniture. ut erly regardless of the one essential in furniture—stabbity. Worsley's warn the public against purchasing new London Furniture, when furniture by Lamb. Gil lows, Ogden, Starkey, and Neild, Garnett, &e., may he had for half the price of the New London Rubbish sold so largely by drapers. As an exsmpla, we have a Magnificent Sideboard, 7 feet long, by Henry Ogden and Sons. cost originally £BO, is in splendid condition ; our price £l5. What a farce to purchase new when the second-hand is so much superior in make and finish. Worsley's have nsarly 100 Sesond-hand Sideboards in stock by all the best known makers of the day, from 355. to £5O. To prove the disadvantages cf new Lodon furniture, we were asked to buy a set of Drawing-roorn Furyiture which had cost £4B this had only been in wear a little over twelve months, yet we found it impossible to give £lO for it, the fact being it was worthless, we advised it being sold by auction. Worsley's guarantee every article sold for at least five years, ' ell the heavy articles for a lifetime, and we claim that by combining the advantages of second-hand with the requisite and necessary portion of our new stock, which is all our own make, that we can completely put all competition in the shade. All we ask is the favour of a visit, and ar, e will quickly siemonstrate the truth of these assertitns. Far away the largest stock in the North. Insp•ction freely invited. You are not expected to buy. The same courtesy shown tro those looking round as to these purchasing. Established 1841.

SHORT LIST OF BARGAINS. COND-HAND DINING-ROO .al stillEi galore, over 100 on view, the dln,ng-room show room behg the best in Manchester. nearly 200 sideboards and Overin,titels, besides a large miscellaneous collection of property. We have com- plete sets of dining-room furniture, COllii ling of suite of nine nieces, sideboard, dining table, and °velment:4; from '&l5 upwsuds ; or example, lot 47 is a fine massive handsome dining-room s. ite, in brown oak and saddle bags, sideboard to match, overmantel, cool VAS.?. and dining table; cost £75 new, to a‘e sold a bargain for £25 the lot. -

GREAT BARGAINS IN ALL KINDS OF FURNITURE. Special attention is reiuested to the Drawing-room Show Room, which is filled to overflowing with marvellous bargains in Suites, Cabinets, Tables, Uvermante,s, and a large quantity of miscellaneous nic•nack,, sample bargain. High- class Chippendale Drawing-Room Suite, covered in expensive silk; Set Lee, 2 Easys and 4 Occasional Chairs, beautifully carved, price 9 guineas. ' cost £35; Cabinet, to match, 19 guineos, worth £3O; Overman'els, 555., cost £lO. We have scores of suca bargains. Suites from £3 up to £so. W 0 RS LEY'S.

O 100 BEDROOM SUITES ON VI EVV.—TnI greatest kJ bargains in Manchester in Bedroom Sui ; high-class second hand Bedroom Suite in solid wainut by .Behan, hand- some carved wararobe, dressing taide and washstand, both enclosed with expensive fittings, 3 chairs, towel rail and ' pedest il, price 10A- guineas, worth trelie ; stither suite in ash, larger, £l2 lOs., cost £3O; a complete Beciro m Suite, palisbed satin walnut, 25 15s. ; magnificent Bedroom Suite, in American walnut, cost £7O, our price for quick sale £29 10e.; a sp:endid bargain ; Ash Suite by Goodall. cost £143, for £63 ; Ilir h Suite. by Doveston, cost £203. for £5B ; Pollard Oak Suite, bylto'•inson, price £l2O, wo,tli £500; over 50 Suites on view front 50s. to £23.—WOUSLAY'S. ECOND-EIAND CARPETS. 1.3 Over 130 Second-band Carpets on view. A capital Axminster Carpet, large siz. Pqual to new, £2 10s., cosi, £3. A fine Persian Carpet. cost £O, ror 455. A splendid Brussels Carpi t, almost square, 28-.,worth £5. Tapestry Carpet. 165., caist £3 10s.• Kidder Squares, Art Squares. In atdition to the Secami-hand Carpets, over 500 rolls of new Brussels, 5 tramo best quality, fitted free for 1:. 11d, per yard W 013 S LEY'S

pARGAINS in 111431/STRADS and BlilLDlNG.—llundreds of Bedsteads ii. show. Sample bargain is a magnifLent Bedstead 2in. solid, brass parallel pillars, best ca,t brass, beautifully chased, cost 1120 ; fitted with wire spring; new hair ma tress, feather bolster, and pillows.; .price for the lot only £l2. Another set S.W. ditto B-dsteads fitte,t com- plete from £5, all solid brass. French Peftsteads lited com- plete with spring and lyiir tn.ittre,:es, ijillcw, and bolsters, from 3s. ad. The cheapest house in Manchester tor Bed- steads and Bedding. i'IONIPLIiTIi HOUSE of FUR ci'f CB i Ifered as an advertisement. Spnially shie ;or working man, soYAS every penny we offer it for, c•dritains tit re in quantity amt certainly more in quality than any competitors comd possibly give for the mJney, price £2O. lo in astonished write for particulars, sent post free. We will return hbe money to any working man not satisfied with his purchase. IT. • WOITSLEY, the Pantheon, Gaythorn, MAN- .• C4E:MM. Close to Central Station. city lload oars pass the door. §te asvt, va Yront raw,

PATENT OFFICE MANCHESTER' ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha 4 more than years' personal experience in connection with this Establis"- merit, and possess practical k nowiedge of the-cotton, woollen, and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Lv.v," price 6d. - "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price 15' GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON, F.1.P.A., IS.t•S•P" 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

BELL'S ASBESTOS PACKED NVAT GAUGES, BELL'S ASBESTOS PACKED COCKS AND VALVES Are the Best Fittings in the Market. When ordering new boilers, steam users should indent fcr' and insist upon having these instead ot antiquated and 051 T liable patterns. tvic A Sample Set of Gauges or a Cock will be supplied on a months' trial. Illustrated Priced Catalogue post free from • TER ASBESTOS, Tfil ZYTPInIiBtRNDACNOD, ENGINE STORES, WAREHOUSE, 2, STRAND-ST., JAMES-ST.. LIVERPOOL, Telephone. 1078. Telegrams, ASBESTOS—Liverpool. . '- TUCK AND Ce.,, Limited. INDIA RUBBER lc PURE ASBESTOS GOODS. LEATHER BELTING. NAIR AND COTTON BELTING LACES, AC. Guaranteed quality. Late. Thread, or Copper Sewn, or • ViEMENTED ONLY. BONA FIDE MANUFACTURERS. 42, Chapel Street, Liverpool, Also at 35, Market Street, Manchester. London, Cardiff, Newport. and DOM' LEATHER WORKS. LIVERPOOL.

Oggs, poultrp, &r. „. DUBE EGGS (hit hing Plymouth Rocks, Silver N,4v-a, dottes, Minorcas and Orpingtons, 2s. 6d. packed. Powictix, Great Sankey. BLACK MINORCA EGGS. Hopkins and Hunters, vO. layers and prize, stra;n. Only 2s. 6d., packed. EMMETT, 304, Earle-st., liarlestrywn. WORTH BUYING ; best Fowl Cern 11, wheat 109•,„, and us. 6d. : Screenings 75. 6d, • 2001r.5. each, Meal, 6s. 6d. • Shell Grit, 45. 6d; cwt :Pig Meal. £3 10s• all carriage aid for cash. Poultry and Pig Food Con2Ps 31, Parr-st., Liverpool. got, CI_RIT I GRIT! I GRIT: I Cheapest. and best. scl• flint grit, 6s. 3d. cwt. ; calcined oyster shells, ll'ory, cwt, 3s. 9,1. tcwt ; the Perfect meal best in market (seee monials). 15s. owt ; Bs. iewt: Cash with order. All esrV.. paid. Assorted samples 3d. Poultry Grit and MeAl Grimsby. DC- EGGS from the following Pens :—Single and Hose-00:00f Orpingtons, Gold and Silver Wyandottes.Light BraPoel 4s per Sitting 13 Eggs : Dark Prahmas. Houduns, brovels„der white Leghorns. Langshanks, Plymouth Pocks, blue Amod lusians, Black Minorcas. Golden Pencilled Hamburgo;o,s' English Game Black Bed, 3s. 6d. per Sitting 13 Eggs Pon. Black Mmorcas. Black Rose•combed Bantams bury Duck Eggs, 2s. 6d. All Untertile Eggs ,replaesa turned Carriage Paid. All the atuve have been mated dace birds from some of thi best yar,4B in England to yl good layers. Inspection invited. Established Ibnitrf business done on Sundays.—Jons FAMONDSON, Yard, Crank, near St. Helens. Yard 01.. en on Holidays'

stioitrp. e g9OOOOO At from 4 per cent. (trtfst an tottiL money) to be Advanced on M°2. parr or Deposit of Deeds, in sums to suit borrowers. in of the country.—J. W. READER, 5, Cook-street, Liver Tel. No. 5,182.

1

:.::- .:, , , ,. :,„!:

•

joi4 Ml. ONEY to lend in sums of £lO to £5OO Owe. Interest. easy terms to suit brirrowers mlo'o' 00",1.. No fees charged. App ication forms and terms given,,iorsnott tree.—Apply, Mr. E. DARLOW. 41. (Private House.) --- APPLY AND BE CONVINCED. tfp h ese . AIR. PRICE, 27 Cheetham Hill Road, Milne" ofti . is prepared to ADVANCE LOANS from £5 a 0 wards to respectable Householders. Tradesmen, FarM`,,sciir others, without Bondsmen or Sureties. at the followiti° - of interest : a 0 £5 LOAN TO BE REPAID £lO 5 99 • Rai /9 _e £3O £37 Cr LARUE SUMS in same proportion. ALL AD.— are PAID IN FULL, Distance no object. .017.- Money advanced at Borrower's Own House. titi".;, them the trots-le and expense of a journey. Falinv" Ow. have Cash on Terms that no other Office can possibli Letters immediately attended to. WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. 00,f,' mit.rwrArTLlotooprriziresemonetningernitoersmak,esAporuTog.o and all respectable Hcazeholders, on their own securitP MONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. • - 00,0 MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSS- MONEY TO PAY RENT OE Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public VirtHfig.,,' on your simple written pm:else to pay back.—APPl44o,,Pir TORIA CHAMBERS (toot of the Central Station), and in WARRINGTCN at my Residence, 134, Orf4s any Evening from 6t 7. Applications from ROW' District. generally receive precisely the same attentic , re f, Poo MANCHESTER GENTL Af, A having a large amcunt of Uninvested commauit is prepared to ADVANCIII same to resP°— _ Persons in Sums of £lO to £lOOO, _.pal' • On the Borrower's simplo writ' en promise to .; , Without Sitrettes, Delay, Law Costs or Putoki•;:reseto Also on Deeds. Life Polk!, s, Stc., at 5 per cent. 14810 The amount Borrowed can ha vepoid by essY id or capital can remain so long as the interest is 2:opee this office is it bon, r-ficle private concern and not , with any Loan Office. OOP It is request-41 tt that habitual borrowers will tiot:' . For full particulars apply pet's:my:fly or by let J. CAMPBELL, ESQ•f - MA.Nn HESTER CHAMBERS. • 46a, MAEKET-,AIthET, MANCHESTO,-0- NO FEES UNLESS CASH IS A.DVANO9;aO STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO OW ; f BORROWERS' OWN PROMISSORY Di'cO WITHOUT SURETIES. Upwards of £70,000 now beinglent annual,lY. For prospectus and terms, apply to .GEAOCCROGUE PA NTANTYNE, . ' 20, KENNEDY STREET, MANONESTO - ESTABLUIIED 1870. , t • •

4‘ ',OATEN G'S POWDER." Kills Fleas, Bugs; Moths, Beetles. . 4‘KEAIING'S PO WDE R." Kills Fleag Bugs, Moths, Beetles, KENTING'S POWER." Kills Fleas, Bugs. Moths, Beetles. troTvs P,wder en ce!ebrated, is perfect!y unrivalled in dee- BU(S, FLEAS. MOTHS. BF.liTi.diS, and all Inekets perfeA y hvinlss to all animal life). All woollmns - • urs should be well sprinkled with the Pnwcier before sway. To avoid ciisappointment insist upon ,havi • Nirating's Powder." See th, sianature of Thomas li”tir,t• the wrapper' without which you are defraude,. No (1:11er • , Powder to effectuil. Sold only in tins, 6d., is., and 26. 6rl.

WORMS IN CHILDREN. WORMS IN CHILDREN. *iirely. and with perfect tafety got rid of by using f `I",ING'SWORL TAI3LETS. Nearly all children ruffer trnn worins. If Enspected do not wait, you can with tine Oh the child (has no effeA except on worms). Sold by all 13 1,11 each. TILAIR'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS. traiß'S GOUT PILLS. RHIMMATIS \T. t LAMS GOUT PILLS. GOUT, LUMBAGO, anA 11 LAIR'S GOUT-PILLS. Th SCIATICA. e acute pain quickly relieved BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. by these Pilis. is Sure. Safe, and LAIRS GOUT PILLS, Effectual. Price Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. ptr Box. • r •

TREMENDOUS DOWNFALL. AT LIPTON'S IN THE PRICE OF BACON CHOICEST QUALITY. MY OWN KILLING AND CURING. FROM -/4 PER LB. The Best Value ever offered to the public. In Sides, Rolls, and Cuts at extraordinary low prices. HAMS! HAMS SPECIALLY SELECTED. A PERFECT TREAT. THE FINEST IN THE WORLD NOW REDUCED TO PER LB. NO HIGHER PRICE. OTHER CHOICE QUALITIES. -/O AND q 612 PER LB. LIPTON, The Largest Tea, Coffee, and Provision Dealer in the World. LOCAL Br.ANCHES WARRINGTON: Corner of Bridge-st.. and Friar's Gate. MANCHESTER : 26, Oldham-st., and Stretford-rd., (Corner of Cambridge-st.) ASIITON-UNDER-LYNE : 175, Stamford-st. OLDHAM : 47, Mumps. BRANCHES EVERYWHERE.

BRAND'S BEEF BOUILLON. BRAND'S BEEF BOUILLON. BRAND'S BEEF BOUILLON. A MOST NUTRITIOUS AND INVIGORATING BEVERAGE. Made by the Simple Addition of Boiling Water. At a Cost within the reach of all. 11. LITTLE STANHOPE-ST.. MAYFAIR.W

CHOLERA & FEVERS PREVENTED. OANITAS " DISINFECTANTS. KILL ALL DISEASE GERMS, FRAGRANT, NON-POISONOUS AND DO NOT STAIN. FLUID, OIL, E3IULSION, POWDER AND SOAPS AND APPLIANCES FOR ALL PURPOSES. THE "SANITAS " CO., LIMITED, SIETHNAL GREEN, LONDON. E.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Cure Headache and Sickness. Cure ludigest ion. Cure Flatulence and Heartburn. Cure all Bilious Affections.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS' Are a Tonic Purifier. Strenzthen the Whole System. Induce Cheerfulness. Invaluable as a Family Medicine.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Cure Loss of Appetite. Cure Depression of Spirits. Cure all Disorders of the Blood. Cure Lassitude and Nervousness.

DR. SCOTT'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS. Are wrapped in a square green package, bearing the name of the proprietor, W. LAMBERT 173, Seymour Place, London. W.. by post for 14 or 34 stamps.

THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY. JUNE 16. 1894.

GOLD MEDAL DIETETIC TEAS. SPECIALLY RECOMMENDED TO DYSPEPTICS, and a e,eat boon to any who have been denied the use of other teas by their Medical Advisers. HENRY MILLING & CO. LTD. MERCHANTS, WARRINGTON.

---- " CRICKETERS, Tennisers, Golfers and Patrons Of British Sports are rernio,le4 that GEO. G. BUSSEY and Co., are the leading manufacturers ot requisites. Their new Catalogue is obtainable from Local Dealers, or the Sports Manufactory, London, S.E. Trade (-CU; E. Mark. EMILESTOWN JuNtons v: Sr. JOIIN'S.—On the ground of the latter. Score :----Juniors 27, St. John's 12. CAIRO-STREET UNIrY V. BUCKLEY-STREET S.S.—This match was played on Saturday, on the ground of the former at Walton, arid ended in an easy win for the visitors. Scores :—Unity, 21 : Buckley-st., 35. SANKEY WF.SLF.YANS v. Y.M.C.A. (2ND ELEVENS).— TOis match WAS played at Arpley on Saturday, the Y.M. C.A. making a very feeble etTort with the bat. Scores : —Y.M.C.A., 5 ;. Wesley:ins. 41. WYCLIFFE JUNIOUS V. GEORGE PLUMPTON'S PICKED TF.All.—This match WaS played on Saturday on the Juniors' ground, and resulted in a win for the Juniors by one run. Scores :—Wycliffe Juniors, 29 ; George riumpton's Picked Team, 28. . WArtmoToNT V. SALE.—The first match of the season between these teams was played at Arplev, on Satur- day afternoon. The visitors commenced 'batting and compiled the respectable total of 155 for the loss of four wickets. Warrington followed on and scored 128 for seven wickets. scores and bowling analysis : SAM,- WARRINOT,'S. Brawning b Bibby l4 AC Maeltren a Ccokson b It Cookson b Bates 6 Whitehead J Co,kson c J J Crostield Bates c Thornber b Wright 34 U Connor Leeming e MattLaren I) head Bibtor 25 B M Crosfield b Coakson .. 0 lullaby,, not out li W Niels ails not out 7 (1 C Clarke not out 34 L A Voisey b Wright J Callon b Cookson Extras _ 4 Extras l2 Total 155 Total l2B -- BOWLING ANALYSIS. S AL 7.. WARRIXOTOv. 0. M. R. W. O. M. R. W. Thies l5 0 43 1 J Cookson 194 4 55 3 W Wordsworth .. 7 3 7 0 Wright. l4 0 39 2 G Clarke 7 1 20 () Whitehead J J Crosfield 3 1 7 0 S H Crosfield 11 Connor ...... J Bibby WARRINGTON ST. MARY'S VIGRA2PENHALLST.WILFIIII37S. —Played at Arplay on Saturday. Urappenhall batted first. Scores : . GRAPPENHALL. ST. MARY'S. T Albinson c A Pickton b A Bate b S Jenkins 0 Bakes 5 14 Rigby run out J Albinsou b Baker S Jenkins c Ilivol b Baker 0 A PicktoneShaw b Jenkins 6 G Roberts c Smithson b It Hind b Smith 9 Baker 0 J Piekton b Albinson F Smith b Baker J Shaw b Roddy 1 A 0 Smithson b Albinson 13 11 Colyerc Hin.l b Roddy 19 .7 Dolan b Shaw 2 34 Jenkins b Lawton ' F Berry st ti Rigby b J Roddy b Albinson 3 Piektou 3 F Ssottnee b Pickton A Albinson not out Extras . _ Total _ PETER WALKER AND SON IS'T v. Y.M.C.A. IST. Scores : P. W. & SON. • Y.M.C.A. J Arber run out, ' 3 It Woods c Unsworth b J Bailey Is White 11 Allen c Chadwick b J Thompson b Allen 0 Woods T Todd b White 0 G Gough b To.td J Caine it Hill b White. ... . 3 T Plevin b Todd 1 J Lloyd c Norman b Woods 1 J Chadwick not out.. ..... H Green c Thompson b A Wright run oat 0 White . J Bolton c Thompson b LA 11111 e Todd b Allen White 0 H Gorst b Allen 0 T Allen not out lO P Norman b Allen 33 Mingo and Is Thompson 2 C Uneworth b Thompson 0 Extras Total 34 Total PETER WALKER AND SON'S 2ND V. OCOUTRINGTON. Scores : r. w. & SoN. OUGHTRINGTON. 1 Stone b Brookes 3 Brown b Turner 0 F Gerrard b Boit G A Scot pan b Rohmer J Turner run out M Gleinson b ,Bolt 5 Brooks b Brooks J Milner st Brown b Ferris 30 Rohmer c Durham b It Knlgtit, c Brooks b Bolt 2 Brooks W Brooks it Ferris b Gibbon c Durham b Rohmer 0 Turner 2 P Hall b Rohmer M Durham not, out Duckworth b Bolt 8 Pearson it Brooks b Turner 8 Brooker not out 0 Bowen b Turner 3 Extras _ Total SANKEY BRIDGES WESLEYANS V. PENKETII WF.SLEYANS. —This fixture was played at Mill-lane on Saturday. Score : SAN IC,:r =WOES. PENKETH WESLEYANS. Peers c Appleton b Barlow 12 Carpenter run out Taylor b Wilkinson Jefferson lbw is -Barlow.- 4 Posnett a Light b Bailey 5 Bailey he Barlow 0 Barlow c Booth b B tdry... 2 Booth c Posnert, b Barlow 6 Dunabin b Watkins Hardy it Wilkinson b F Wilkinson c Booth b Wilkinson Miles it Posnett Is Barlow 1 Aston b Bailey Clare a Dunabin b Posnett 1 Davies b Watkins 0 Watkins c Wilkinson b W T Wilkinson b Bailey.- 1 Pearlett 0 A Wilkinson riot out 2 Light b Barlow ......... —... 2 A Barlow run out 0 Bennett not ont 0 • Extras.- .... - 5 Extras 3 Total 4O • Total ...... ... 27 _ SANKEY' WIRE 'AIMS V. WESTON.—At Weston 011 Saturday- Score : WESl'O2i. , SANWA'. Hope b Hobson..- 0 Williams bJ B Tudor 2 Anderson c Wilitams b Marshall lbw b J,15 Tudor 3 Holpon 0 Hobson c Pendlebury b Kershaw ltsSimpson ...... 3 J E Tudor J E Tudor it Williams b Warburton b 3 Tudor Batson 6 Evans c.t b Jl4 Tudor ... 8 Lightfoot c Johnson b Woodcock 0J E Tudor b Simpson J Tudor b Simplon J A Tudor c Williams b Croadtill c Lightfoot b J Hobsors - 0 11 Tudor - . Bankes st Woodcock he Simpson not out Simpson. Pye c Warburton b Strop- Moss cB6 ta,T Tridor Son Pentilebury not out Bowie& st Woodcock b .simpson. Extras - 2 _ _ Total... 23 Total.. 36 _ _ MANCH YSTNIt-ROAD V. BIAN-K-STREET.—PIayed on Satur- day—Son's : mkscit csrEa ROAD. BANK. STREET. Willett, it Clasdwiek b Gresty b •Dlayton Hamill tt 0 Berry b Clayton 0 1, White b Perry ..... . VI Mason b Clayton . 1 Jowett b Warlsurton 0 Hatable: t b,Woods Wools st Chadwick Whit, b Jon.. 3 Jonei run on,/ 2 Gittens c IltrUblett b War burtma Is Woods 5 J. Mes ....a. • 0 Whittle b. W 00,13 . ..... ... Farr•r bjtsoes ;. G Riley it Weeds b Clayton 1 A shton h Jones .. 5. Chadwick e-c&o Woods .... 2 . 1 Falrbrother not out Fairclowth hi Berry Clayton not nut 1 Gill b Werburton Ex4r.itl' _ -- Tots/ _ EAni.34‘owN V. SOUTIII,OIIT. Played, at Earlestown on :intuit-lay. Score : so elftt PORT. EAKLESTOWN. H Wall li Bell . Turner it MiteliAl b Clare 13 G W Dennis c White b chew r, :wit ... . 6 Turner C ss, Noble it Hust.and b Miller-not, out... ......... —a 5O Beal. 14 W White b Bell 14 H liacatha b Bell J D'ewhitr,t b Clare 4 J.:takinson, T Mitehell, J li Holroytt c Harrison ti W Harrison. to bat. 11 uit,,„l A B Brown h Bell. 1 Vs, W Armitage b Bell T Siddelev not otst. 1 Extras _ Total ...... ..... 81 Total 93 _ • Eau LF.STOWN 2ND V. SOUTIIPOR.T 2ND.--Played at Southport on Sa;:iirday. Score : sotrra Karr. EARLF.STOWN. H S Applebee it Alderson he W Crowther b Greets Marsh 1 W Hat tsu a Retch is Green 9 AV Cosstable b Marsh A I..ai•s I, 1-10.1,1, es: 05 AV A I,...rnitiough b Marsh, 5 is Harding It B Hsi-ding it Horsley b j Randers b battling Merits 3 GI; -es it Marshb Huddles- J'l trill b Harding lon A. hatch it Scott. WI bridles- It Scott b Vernon tos l6 J Ogden c A. b Vernon. ..... 1 G Vernon c licroley b F Horsley not out, 4 Hoddle,,ton S "Petal, lbw I. Marsh 0 1, Fernihough run out 1 1' F Roberts not out 0 Extras -- Total 47 Total 143 _

EASYIri 1., - TERMS - : jUiO vipp:, r,- ~,,.__.. POST \ iikii,W -- CASH ,o`o isk CARRIAGh. PAM

LOOK TO YOUR HEALTH t Sufferers from Gravel, Lumbago. Piles, Pains in the Back, Dropsv, Wind and Water Complaints. Diteasee of Kidneys, Bladder, Urinary Organs, Stone, Gleet, Strie tore, Sciatica, Itheumatiem, and Gout, will gnd a positive cure in Holdroyd's Gravel Pill 4. Try a small box, and if not satisfied your mouey will be rat urneal Priae It lid. Of all chemists, or post free for 12 stamps from HOl,ll- - Medical Hall, Cleekheaton, Yorks. Don't be put off. If von cannot pet them write to the Proprietor. And box will be sent n3xt.post.—Adnt.

s, . ,S•A AV' 40. 43 . 4:g

To - site yank household bright, and lar clothes, snow-whitts • ' ''' - ' - ir,,,,,',4f?ii';`• ~, ' ". USE ' , t_Att•4! '• •.' , ',.51:',.'-:,-':‘,l?,t,i(S's,-, :;',-: .3 i::::'1,', "'. ' • `. ~ = 51/4', . , . ~. ' ''',..,''' '',.e.<';'-' ' ' .. *.. ~ ..., ' l'l M:4 r '-4 ; • . 43. '•' 4,t1,',.',i' :..----.0- 1 ' ' . ,e. , 4e, ~-.,.„•„„t,,,-.,,, , v 6to , ~,c, , if iti./.,4 it - ~,,, LoT, ~ P-i. „,,....,:_ , If, RUB , ,Wire . . BONUS TO BE GIVEN 1.? TO DEC. 3ith Et 94, Full Pactkaaars TO ALL USERS OF VENUS, SOAP. Pletnre of the `Aiktri.o ~ VENUS DE. 6.311,0;‘,15 on eac.l4 W rapper. For 3o Wrappers, Handson.e Needle Case (tilleJ ccmplete) will, tg .tut. v./0i be sent to, z7t by I any . dtta_r_es ,4 For 120 Wrappels, Timepieca No. 1, .in. Dial, ‘).ill be cent. j Far 23 WR)2IPERS. s'" For 200 Wrappers, Timepiece No. 2, 6-in. Dial, will be sent. h For 60 vii,BAPP-11 For 350 N.Vrappers. Timepiece No. 3, o-in, Dial. will be sew, li In Iland,otne Gi; iziize .J. 42. ino,ttn2‘ ,

THE FULL VALUE OF EVERY - LEGITIMATE MEDICINAL PROPERTY EMBODIED IN St. JACO '.114' 5 OIL IT CURES • neumatism. - ITS INTRINSIC VALUE IS ATTESTED BY MILLIONS OF PEOPLE! Price, 1/I', & 2111

ONE. POUND OUT OF EVERY THIRTY POUNDS OF TEA CONSUMED !it GREAT BRITAIN IS SOLD a BROOKE; BOND ot Co. This is an absolute fact, and it is the best possible proof of the value of OUR TEA. Prices : Ifr. 1/2,, 1/4, 1/8, 2/4, or 2/8 per lb. WE LHAVE AGENTS throughout this district, and we will g,ladly tell you the name of our Agent nearest to you It you wilLask us by pest card. OUR; AGENTS- draw their supplies, ready-Pocked end labelled, constantly from us, and they sell esactlf. the same tens at precisely the same prices as at caw well-known Warehouses.. WE ARE GLAD.to receive applications from ener; getic tradespeople for Agencies wherever we are no already represented.. Selling our Tea has long been a regular Annuity ta4 Thousands of enterprising net' ' and Women. BROOKE,. BOND & CO., LTD., 117;,. PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER. And' at LEEDS, BRADFORD, and LONDON' JfilmUNO CYCLES ARE THE VERY BEST.. Rigid, Swift, Lig JUNO Racers 201b5. JUNO Roadsters 281 b. JUNO Lady's Ijlliss ber and;olY;inuaths'anS o asfott 23 Tricycles which r' inch doors. tt/I•r° :•.,end at once for -ja • Illustrated List pages post free. hines, fittings, Pa.oro sundries,press oPinlio° s 12 Monthly Payments or Cash Dis- and riders testimon. count. Carriage Paid. Second-hand MOW in immense variety'. Sole Masers of the Juno— METROPOLITAN MACHINISTS' CO., LIMITED' 75 and 76. Bishopsgate Without. London. --- A MISERABLE HOME AT WARRINGI

A - do caul • are bite

geti • if h, the !or Si tiQ also rtlat !etcl tie B 401 1110 bnil 4888, gPtt 'o6t

*raj kdja Veri 4ett Iton itl tklre •' klieg 4°'141 : letu ' • ttrai 'haci

9r4r1:1-1 cj 14g vrhic `tottE 001, Otrail toai ^tloti(

'4', GOOI. . Fr lirt - :. 11,1 , '-':;Ellei CHEST, _ WITH a prudent use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon an? reduced to a more simple form. Take some good compound such as , COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, , and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious com- partntents, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thoisands of persons, and found to answer their purposes se well, may be set down as - the best.—Obsel ver. , •., ..:., . , ~ ~,.: , FREE FROM MERCURY. , .j. :. 4J` , 1 iiii= ;.* '' ". , • •.- • ~.... • , ,-. , . _. OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. •:. -1' 1 FOR BILE. LIVER, ACIDITv, INDIGESTION, &c.

SAVE A DOCTOR'S FEE. ADVICE TO LADIES (FREE). .LADY SPECIALIST (qualified) many years LTt attached to a Fem Ale Hospital, is enabled to POSI- TIVELY GUARANTEE the DESIRED RESULT in a few hours. no matter how long standing the IRREGULARITY may be, and even when everything else has failed. Write at once, enclosing stamped addressed envelope. to SPECIALIST 295, STRAND. W.C.

WOODS' PATENT GALVANISED STEEL WIRE MATTRESSES, With French and Persian Bedsteads complete. - No. 1035—French. j To be seen carrying ONE TON. " . . t We Challenge wry other Wire Mattress op , to But tnids tibtisevTerestrel.l •• -.1--. 0,1,t;K*5. rill. -:, a 'A-,:.; ..:1 t qttaire:f of ,aohln !tar; ;es ~ „ ~ : ... -*el*, '4,4- ,4%;',' --!.*,..4.3,;.1:' ' . .-- ,if. LA t •t an tht y -, one ion ? Certainly not. Hitherto the " complaint against the use of , , Wire Mattresses has been that ' they tretched aftei a time. which was true. We give this severe test to prove that ours will not stretch. If they do within 6 years we will replace with new ones. To be had from THOMAS SUTTON, Sale Rooms, Legh Street. THE LONGFORD WIRE Co.,Limited.WARRINGTON.

Kayo's BEST WOrSUBLII a FAMILY pins. .MEDICINE. They Purify the Blood, and as a Mild but effectual Aperient are unequalled, and be. yond this they brace up the nerves and sell tevery organ in healthy action, thus ensur.. lug ,complete restoration to perfect health. They are A CERTAIN CURE for INDIGESTION. CONSTIPATION, BILIOUSNESS, HEADACHE, .DYSPEPSIA, LITER AND KIDNEY CONPLAINTS. arIDILL&DIES OP ALL AGES THEY ARE INVALUABLIL ..otall Chemists, 1/11, 3/9. end 4,43 per box.

LADIES! DR. LIDINGTON'S NEW MEDICAL DISCOVERY for married or single women is positively the safest and most successful method known for removing all Irregularities and Olistructions no matter how caused ,or long standing, no nau,eous pil!s. powders. mixtures or any other uselets stomach medicine to take. Failure impossible under this treatment. Sufferers may obtain particulars free or charge by sending stamped addressed envelope to Dc. LIDINGTON. 45 Southampton Buildings, Holborn. London.

• „ 3 •lt„4;' ,•, . ILLS & OINTMENT Are acknowledged by all to be The Best Medicines for Family Use. MANITFACTURED ONLY AT 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONDON. And Sold, by all Mcd;cine Votdois throuyhoret et#: 11"c,r7d. itthice Gratbi, at the above address, daily, between the hours c.f 11 and 4, or by letter.

NEW HARRISON f swirr GOLD MEDAL -,,,Vi„ ,iLI , • ,t 1-`, - '';',ola-w.: " • . " 4-' 77 -tit* K tillS P. : -,..;.-. '' Et-ockingE ribbed or plain • GLOVES pa.tl CLOTH ING in f, P .4 : . w6oL. siLi:, sr corroN. nis-rRtIC- -11...4r TioNs YDELI. LW"' t!ct. rer post. i i ::f I TRTI:MIGIANT AWAIID at I'A. The only WINNER iti the WORLD of 4 GOLD TIEDALS And =QUA.. llonour, lIAMIIFON KNITTING MACHINE: CO. Nt*,..rk.: 4S„ tppor Drook St., liLialchtleter.

DR. MACKAY'S MARVELLOUS FEMALE REMEDY VOR ALL OBSTRUCTIONS and IRREGUL Kt- TIES stands. unrivalled. The most stubborn and hope- lees cases yieid to this extraordinary Medicine in six hours. Immense sale throughout the Avarld. Thousands of sufferers cured, Testimonials (Genuine). with full Instructions and Advice, accompany each bottle. Sent post tree, under cover, for sc. 6d. DR. MACKAY. 104. HIGH HOLBORN. London. Peivare of Dishonest Imitators.

4:4 ; - • WE AftE THE ONLY MAKERS OF LAWN MOWERS appointed by Royal Warrant Makers to H.M. the Queen and His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales. GREEN'S PATENT " SILENS ESSOR " LAWN '.'TOWERS, WITH IMPROVE 0 WHEELS AND SOLID-LINK STEEL CHAINS, AND NEW MONARCH, Take the lead of all others, and are the first, foremost, and best in the world. They have stood the test for upwards of thirty years. end have carried off EVERY HIGHEST PRIZE which his been given in all eases of competition. They are in constant use in all the Royal Gardens. They will cut either long or short grass, bents, &e., wet or dry. EVERY ONE SENT OUT IS GUARANTEED t , give entire Nat Waction Otherwise it may be returned at once Free of COST to the PURCHASER. They can be had of all resp-ctable Ironmongers and Seeds- men in the United Kini:dom, or direct from the Manufacturers. THOMAS GREEN AND SON, LIMITED SMITHFIELD IRONWORKS. LEEDS', AND SURREY WORKS, BLACKFRI ARS ROAD, LONDON, S.E. Carriage Paid to all the Principal Railway Stations in the United Kingdom. Illustrated Price Lists, with Testimonials, Free on Appliestiox. Beware of deceptive imitations. N.B.—Repairs promptly done at both our Establishments, for the trade as well as others.

NATOMAN'S FREEND, HUXLEY'S SPECIAL MIXTURE. THE MOST POWERFUL AND EFFECTUAL MEDICINE KNOWN. The recipe of a famous French Physician, Quick, sure. and certain. Never fails to Relieve and Cure, no matter how caused, Post free to any address for 2.5. d. or Os. 6d. per I) Atle. Full instructions with each. Send for the WIFE'S FRIEND. a book for every woman who wishes to keep healthy.—D. GLASGOW HUXLEY, M.D. (U.S.), 176. Cemetery-road. Sheffield, and Masonic Buildings (opposite Market), Rotherham.

These tiny soluble CAPSULES are su- perior to Balsam of Oopaiba, Oubebs or S* iA• i. astringent liquids ,-a _IA • .-4. and CURP, IN 48 47 HOURS the same 1 D. •• I. diseases without in- , : • • convenience. Al! Capsules marked 416 of all Oliemfsts, or post free from WILCOX & C0.,239 Oxford St.,London,W.

sa i • 'lll ,: •', .4,. • ; ... . 7.. Is H , ‘,. . . . i! „ , ~. . IRISH LINEN IRISH CAMBRIC POCKET HANDKERCHIEFS IRISH LINEN Guaranteed all pure flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 411 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN COLLARS. IRISH LINEN Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars, 5/6 per dozen: made special to pattern, 8/8 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9, 4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/8 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. IRISH LINEN 2 yards square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 40. per yard. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11. per yard SURPLICZ IRISH LINEN LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS, FOP. SUMMgIi AND EVENING WEAR. IRISH LINEN IRISH TWEED, aallndrsutr3e.llel..ooPl.leasUenssialyrpiafsfsoedr Tf:ardsietrge, no_grtGh,erDitir wboaili.try, IRISH LINEN Pattern: Free by Return of Post. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. 4, G : R. HUTTON & CO., LARNE, BELFAST.

4, .k'• *.ini 4 , s•OTIAING POWDERS, 1404, CHILDREN CUTTING TEETH. IN JSE OVER FIFTY 'Y'EARS.

JOHN STEEDMAN, CHEMIST, WALWORTH, SURREY." is engraved on the Government Stamp affixed to each packet.

ONE BOX OF CLARKES' 841 PILLS is war- • IMPRUDENCE. &a. NERVOUS DEBILITY, LOST MANHOOD, YOUTHFUL ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs. A FTER many years' suffering s Gentleman has obtained a In either sex (acquired or constitutional). Gravel, and Pains II .simple SELF-CURIS for N tiItVOIIST: RSS, Loss of In the back. Gearanteed free from Mercury. Sold in Boxes, Strength and Energy, Weaknegs. Ac. AB sufferers should 4s. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Paterst Medirine Vendors write at once for pArticulars, which will be forwarded free. throughout the World ;Or sent to any address for sixty stamps Send seßaddressed stamped envelope, plainly written .to by the Makers. The LINCoLN A.ND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG . COMPANY, Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; BARCLAY & Soar. MR. ROBERTS. Laurin'. and all the Wholesale Houses. 18, CLAREMONT SQUARE. PIiNTONVILIdE-ROAD, , LONDON. N. (Name Paper). . .

-_, ...._....:-..N k • -----z---•;•:,. : - c---2 _4,, , .. • .-.:•,_ .- ,------, 7.-_--•,.. ,•,,,,;,;...„ ~,.....,,.. ..: ~ , ,• . ..... \ - ....- ~. " , • .. .....,,,,K,„ ~,,,, 'in.., 4:, .L. .i- ' ' . =, - ' --"A ' • :As-, .' , '.'.‘ I • -----;-"Z. /-.:7:""" ,'• . ELLI M A -.TIN'S ) . '-'-'.-.--s- 5- - -- _.:,--7 A_ ~. -----r.F...\ ~...k. /'' ' ' ' ' • Al._. ...,i,....,.. ,f.t.-:-.. 7' • ___, p,_._ ,_, •,,. , !,.. ~:•• ....„..„,.. , UNIVERSAL cyli.:-_, r.,, ~, cc-\-.N,!.c:-..,;;-,7(73--,,,..i..::1 Alumg,,,,--te, - -,:,,_,•,-..... - i :-.-: r --- .--:--z=2:'_i,,,,,,,..,,,•_ '.• ish, z - . p ? . i • 7. iy- - _ ------ .11,:-_--4 . • , 1c... "• :-...i c‘ • .'. 14\ ' (I , .1"..17', •z4;.-, b. .• • --2-: 1 / -- ----_-_--=' l' ;.!..,,:.'ll/ ' iy -3; ..-:; /1- • .- Aki-_-. '4' ~ \',-, 'll 11 i-tif .. ~ . , N---'l'°.. --- .7- -.- .. —•--. ______ _2.. -11,,1p.2 s. .1: , ;'.: '• ' • ,' A .-- ' -----_,-,„-- -=:---- ...- _-___------ -___:-, 4 F-LY--;--z-, v„..-..,-- ' - " ••`7,— \ ' - -c--... -------- -, •••-,--:--- - .---;--7,-,)! , _. -- . _ _,.4 , i ‘....._ . _ _ • _._ :-------------.,...'-----7,,....,-• ,_•:.,ttti,,,e-- --- -- - 4..„-,. , •\ ,-'."" _,- / iL'li---.±-7-',.:i."--------------- ' /--- • • - .-. ' , -.,••••,-, ,-,-... \,. ,-,-., . . " - .. , ":__,._, ,k,,, ,r , I ,_Te : ...' ~. •" ' • '4.i.,: .. : ::: 7----- 1177, 1 t . / '-'-' ' --7- EY r E., LENT ilepltra. 0111 v by - - . ._- -,- -.----> ,-:.>iily ,-:---:---- •k- .' -c- , -..--.-...:, --- ' • - -----=-....-------'' - •.: .. . • -,,--• -,-.•-•,-- , -_-. - -. :- ELLIMAN 0INL• & C . -. .s-r--..- ----- ' - * .. ._ cOOD THCNC. -- - -_-_-- 1.,4., -----_--.. • SLOUCH EncLANn ..-- ..-..-- . . IVIFFNESS-ACHES-SPRAINS-BRUISES

From our point of view Brewers cannot consistently be upheld and for this reason they first create the dernard money for drink and then supply it—create it in order that they may supply it. Some of these Prince Brewers own many hundreds of ,of drinking houses, to the disquietude of otherwise peaceful localities, and the ruin of those whose money they are continually receiving without any inquiry as to the obligations, domestic and social, of the ciriukers. God forgive them ! 31-an can hardly do so; If Christ came what would He say, " Blessed are ye brewers" or " Woe to you brewers, for ye make men poor, and and devour the houses of wives and children, and for a pretence head the ChurNh subscription list. 9"

6*,Ordinary notices of Births, Marriages, and Deaths, er•:.a. started free of charge. Marriages or Deaths with the No Cards," or any addition to the Registrar's ordfali notice, are chlrged One Shilling and Sixpence, if prepsid• All announcements on credit, Two Shi!lings and B,,rplWe• visa such announcements must be authenti:lated by the and address of sender. MARRIAGES. rab' WAEBITRTON—DITCIMEIELD.—june 2rid, at the Paris,' 'llOl.- Warrinton, by the Rev. A. A.. Markham, Willitun burton to Mary Ditclifield. ay. ring- BDOERLEY—LEEs..—Jun 3rd, at the Parish Church, ton, by the itev. F. W. Willis„ James Bdgerley to Helen Lees. DEATHS. d WPM BLEASE.—May 31st, at Gouldan-at.. Mary Blease. age years. Pei NELSON. -May 31st, at the Fever Hospital, May NEW „ 2 years. ed LFST It. —June Ist, at Birchall-st., William Lester, ag 54 months. GLEAVE.—june Ist, at Regent-st., James Gleave. Age years. aed $ GREEN.—June 2nd, at V;ctoria-st., Peter Green. months. Lawrissan, LkwaiNsos.--June 4th,. at Haydock-st., Ellen agedl year.

THE MANCIIESTER I t i TAILORING & k AOTIIING DEP°l‘' ' 8 & 10. HORSRMARKET-ST.. WARRINGTON. , ARE SHOWING the LARGEST RA.NQES of all NV.; _ MAKES of CLOTHS for MOURN/NG WNAR '0 - WORSTEDS,. SERGE, VICUNAS, LLAMAS HOBO , SUITS READY MADE OR TO MEASURN ...,' ~. at short notiae for MEN, YOUTRS and BOYS SIZ to ' Well made and thoroughly ftliable.
