===== 0002601_18940512_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
I

1

-

VT .1) y „ iJEATTY. BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, BROORPIELD . TIMBER YARD, BARLESTOWN. a Dealer in all kinds of Building Materials. eneral repairs:to Property of every Description. All kinds of Drainage and Sewage Work. -- Estimates given. 'iv, PriE WARRINGTON SLATE COMPANY, LTD (Late john Nunnerley and Co., Ltd.). .' BUILDERS' MERCHANTS. ilio ' VEIL/I,IIE 4ARP_I,YSTATION. WARRINGTON, PEN ItHYN, exn CARNARVON SLATES. DRAIN ' elct,cr, trAtr, PIPE IR S, FE BRICKB, TILE 9. . ,-- %rid every Other kind of Builders Materials kept La stock at our Arpley Wharf, or sent by road. rail, or vessel to any Town or Port in the United aataxingdom. Telephone AGENTS for the RUGBY PORTLAND CEMENT CO. No. 19. Telegraphic Address : " Arplev," Vrgton

Affesimm

°IMO

1?ott15.

...........- --

Nadi=

;kII ;• •

, • ! • 440

===== 0002601_18940512_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
• CHESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL

DAIRY SCH.OLARS'IIIiii.-ITl;(3.heire County Council offers for Competition Ten Scholarships to Females tenable for eight weeks at the Dairy Institute, Worleston, commencing June 4th. Applications should be sent in to the undersigned not later than MAI' 15th. The date of the entrance examination will then te forwarded.

I3ANGOR SCHOU IiSITIPS.--Two Sellolarships tenable for two years at University College, Bangor, are offered for competition to youths of 16 years of age and up- wards who have been in attendance at classes in agriculture during the past season. Further particulars may be obtained on application Candidates should send in their names before MAY 15.

RICHARD P. WARD, Nantwieh Road. Crganising secretary. Crewe.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0003.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'

===== 0002601_18940512_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RUNCORN WESTON AND HALTON WATER- WORKS COMPANY.

NOTICE is hereby GIVEN that at the extra- ordinary General Meeting of the Shareholders of the Runcorn Weston and Halton Waterworks Company, held orf the 7th day oi MAY, 1894, the accounts on the winding up of the Comrany were passed, a dividend at the rate of £5 per cent. per annum free from income tax for the quarter ended the 30th September 1893 was declared, and it was' determined that the sun; of £245 be paid to the Officers of the Company under section 11 sub-section(3)of the Runcorn Commissioners Act 1893. Mr. Collier then moved that the stun of £750 be p•id to the Directors of the Company as an honorarium for their services which was se:ionded by Mr. T. D, Timmins, but the Chairman ruled that as the notice convening the meeting would hardly warrant a resolution to that effect being passed he could not put it to the meeting ; whereupon Mr. Collier moved that, an Extraoroinary General Meeting of the Shareholders of the Company he convened to be held in the Company's Offices, the Public Hall, Runcorn, en MoN-- DAY the 28th day of MAY 1894, at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, when he would move that the sum of £750 be paid to the Directors of the Com panyas an honorarium for their services. This was seconded by Mr. Timmins. and, on being put to the meeting, was unanimously carried, and it was resolved accordingly, And NOTEC 01 is hereby further given that in accordance with such re3olution an Extraordinary General Meeting of MA Shareholders of the Company will be held in the Company's offices, in the Public Hall, Runcorn, on MoN. D&Y the 28th day of MAY 1894, at 3 o'clocic in the afternoon, and that Mr. Collier will then move that the sum of £750 be paid to the Directors of the Company as an honorarium for their services.

Dated this 9th day of May 1894. JOIIN BRLINDRIT.

Chairman of Directors. WILLIAM F. SALKELD, Secretary.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0005.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_18940512_art0006.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
bipping potires.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
GUION'LINE to NEV YORK, every SATURDAY.

A.D ELAI 6E. MELBOURNE and SYDNEY STEAMERS from LIVERPOOL.

INTENDI N(- EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, FOS- TON, PHILADELPHIA, SAN PRANCFCO, CANADA, CHINA, JAPAN, AUSTRALIA or NEW Z 13.1. LAND, shouLt take tickets at the LO WEST RATES at TH 4-0 E nXiMINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON. By any of the above-ntentioneA or any other lines. JOHN WALIOIR Anl CO., AGEND.4.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
BEG TO ANNOUNCE THAT THEY ARE NOW

MAKING THEIR

PRINCIPAL DISPLAY OF

SUMMER FASHIONS COMPRISING LATEST FRENCH MODELS IN MILLINERY, MANTLES, JACKETS, AND COSTUMES.

LADIES' MILLINFRY EONNETS. YOUNG LADIES' STYLISHLY TI4MMED BONNETS AND HATS. CHILDREN'S MILLINERY.

NEW FEATHERS, FLOWERS, ORNAMENTS. NEW AND CHOICE DESIuNS IN LADIES' VISITING AND WALKING COSTUME.

TAILOR-MADE SUITS IN

SERGES, COVERT COATINGS, CHEVIOTS.

FROM 59/6.

NEW TENNIS TAILOR-MADE SUITS, 45/-

THE LEADING STYLES

LADIES' MANTLES, IN MOIRE, SILK PLUM &c.

YOUNG LADIES' JACKETS

AND COATS, Inall the NEW CLOTHS and COATINGS. Open- fronted, to wear with Blouse and Skirt.

RAVELLING CLOAKS,

CAPES, WATERPROOFS,

DUST CLOAKS, &c,

FEATE ER BOAS.

CHILDREN'S COSTUMES, CHILDREN'S MANTLES. LADII.S' IBA AND MORNING GOWNS. WEDDING TROUSSEAUX.

J• Se-, W. DUTTON, 16 AND 18, ANK E S ..0 _ Y STREET,

IATARRINGTON.

' GOOD EVENING!

HAVE YOU HAD A DRINK OF THIS FAMOUS

" TEW-ITT" ST 0 U

T 0-D A Y?

IF NOT. TRY IT.

ADDRESS-

RICHARD I'l-IRS/JAW

COLLINS GREEN bctEWERY,

NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS.

UNDER TIIE CLOCK.

PUBLIC BENEFIT

BOOT COMPANY. ARRIVAL OF NEW GOODS FOR SPRING, 1894. GENTLEMEN'S BOOTS and SHOES in all fittings. GENTLEMEN'S CALF SEWN BOOTS, all widths, 8/11 GENTLEMEN'S CALF BOOTS. 10/6, 12;9, 16/6, 18/6, 21f- GENTLEMEN'S RUSSIA TAN CALF, 6/11 to 18/6 GENTLEMEN'S LOW SHOES, all fittings. LADIES' BOOTS AND SHOESIn 203 varieties. Three Gold Medals Awa-dfd. UNDER THE CLOCK. )13i BRIDGE-STREP,T, WARRINGTON.

mut My HATTER.

NEW SHAPES, NEW STYLES,

LOWEST PRICES FOE THE SPRING.

HATS AND CAPS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION Can be obtained at

HALL'S NOTED HAT Siwp. 1. MARKET GATE. WARRINGTON.

-T) ItUARD,"

PRACTICAL LADIES' TAILOR.

TAILOR-MADE GOWNS.

MADE TO ORDER MOH TWO GUINEAS.

FIT AND WORKMANSHIP GUARANTEED. LADIES' OWN MATERIALS MADE UP.

101 SLATER STREET,

OFF BOLD STREET, LIVBRPOOL.

2

===== 0002601_18940512_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
"CAPITAL" CHAT.

There are already fourteen pages of amendments to the Registration Bill, but this is probably only a tithe of what we may expect. One Conservative member has drafted between thirty and forty amendments, not one of which yet appears on the paper. In point of fact, the Opposition amend- ments 80 far mostly stand in the names of Liberal Unionists. In regard to the plural voting provisions, I understand that the Cocservative leaders will aim at their complete excision.

With regard to the South Hackney election,l may add that a good deal of criticism has been excited in London Liberal circles by the methods adopted by Conservative candidates V. ho are assiduously " nursing " London constituencies. The device of free concerts and the like is carried to an extreme which, in the opinion of many, is in conflict with the Corrupt rract ices Act. The subject is a burning one with an influential section of the ?louse of Commons, and I understand that it is quite likely that a test case may be brought before the courts.

Canon Browne has just made a remarkable state- ment in regard to the revenues which the Ecclesias- tical Commission derives from St. Paul's Cathedral. It would appear that they amount to from ..£150,000 to £160,000 every year, or nearly seven timPs as much as the sum paid to the whole of the Cathedral staff. The ecclesiastical revenues from the whole of London are said to be enormohs ; and it is a sore point with many Churchmen that although certain grants are made to lixidon,the bulk of the money is distributed over the country, leaving Londoners to raise by voluntary effort much of what is required for Church extension.

Some extraordinary rumours are afloat respecting the new relations between the Parnellites and the Tory party. One story is that in future the two parties will work together in perfect accord, and that an assurance has been ;en that the Tories may rely upon the Parnellites for support in all critical divisions. Ido not deem it prudent to state the conditions on which it is openly stated that such an understanding has been arrived at. I prefer to hope, for the sake of the Home Rule cause, that the extraordinary report at present being circulated may be without foundation.

The Queen looked very pale on Wednesday when she arrived at Buckingham Palace. She seemed to feel the cold wind, for in spite of the fact that there was no rain or sun her Majesty kept herself shel- tered by a black parasol. This caused 901118 grumbl- ing auiong,st the people who had waited to catch a fieeting glimpse of her Majesty and her convoy of Life Guards and semi-State carriages. Princess Alix of Hesse, the betrothed of the Cesarewich, occupied a seat opposite her Majesty. She is really a beau- tiful girl, fit to be the future Czar of Russia's wife. Thg wedding is to take place in October at St. Petersburg. 1 hear that there is no truth in the report that the Queen will be present.

The Church Missionary Society is about to extend its work among the Esquiraaux. The Rev. E. J. Peck, who laboured for many years in the diocese o f Moosonee under the late Bishop llorden, is. now in England, and he will shortly leave for Cumber- land sound and push his way further north into the _Arctic regions. Mr. Peek, who will be accom- panied by a layman, will sail from the extreme north of Scotland ; and the proprietor of a large number of whaling vessels has generously promised to give him and his compani-inn a free passage out and back. The enterprise will be watched with interest, for Mr. Peck purposes to push on some hundreds of miles beyond the furthest northern utpost of the Church „Missionary Society.

We may be fully prepared now for a deliberate attempt on the part of th? Opposition after Whit- suntide to force a crisis. I hear that a leading official of the Conservative party used the follow- ing words yesterday, which may be quoted literally because they probably represent very exactly the dominant feeling among the shrewder men on the Oppo-ition side. " I don't see," he said, " what either sid.. has to gain by a general election at the present time. But I i!olft see at the same time. how we can afford to let the Government go on." One of rhe nros!-. active spirits in what is known as the " stalwart sezition above the Oppo-ition gang- way has in the last day or two given expression to a very similar idea. Tie outlook may not be very promising for the Unionists, but to mi3s their chances at the present time would, he hol,:s, 118 far as the Opposition is concerned, deliberately playing into the hands oi the Government. There is no evidecce that Tie Liberal prospects will grow worse, but, on the contrary, there is every fair pre- tumption that if the Opposition allow the Govern- ment to go on quietly developi-; g their programme, the Ministerial chancs will become better, so that it looks as it the Opposition generally would be driven by the force of circurn,tances and in spite of •themselves into the forward course advocaLed by Mr. Chamberlain.

The re-appnram e of Mr. Gladstone for the first time since his withdrawal from public life on Thurs- day last week, 'la! urally caused n good deal of sym- pathetic gos,ip with which has been mixed up much -inaccurate rurr. our. It may ba sufficient to say here that Mr. Gladstone's weakness and his inability to stand by no means represented his normal con- dition, but were due to temporary debility arising from a passing ailment of which he had had a troublesome recurrence, and from which he is not yet quite fre-,. On favourable days Mr. Gladstone moves about qlite freely, and Ntith the erect and spriztlt ly gait which is characteristic of hitt. He is still able to read in a good light. Mr. Giad.-7 stone does not enjoy being read to, and the tempor- Ivy improvement in sight effected by the artificial •dilatation of tne iris is a great solace to him. It is quite untrue that an date has yet. been fixed for the operation, nor is it likely that it will be so fixed until the complete ripening of the cataracts is effected naturally, and a more vigorous state of health established.

The cif cumstances under which the existence of Cataract in Mr. Gladstone's eyes was first discovered are pathetic and in a sense dramatic. It will be re- membered that whilst Mr. Gladstone was driving to a meeting to make a speecn at Chester, a missile thrown by a woman struck him in the eye, and he was obliged to have the eye dres,ed and to take advice as to whether it would • be safe to make a public ap;eartince. The injured eye had to he closed and protected from the light and air. It was then discovered that the other eye had very little power of sight, and on closer examination it was f Rind to - be the seat of an already well-formed cataract. The powerof sight has thus been lost in the one eye for nearly two years, and it is the formation of a se- cond cataract in the injured eye which which has withdrawn Mr. Gladstone for the present from public life and which will shortly necessitate an operation. Happily this operation t now success- ful in about 9S per cent. of the cases at whatever age.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
AN ELECTRIC MOTOR FOR RAILWAYS.

65 MILES AN HOUR. NA.siTzs, SEINE-LT-OISR, WEDNESDAY.—An interesting experifrornt in the applicability of elPctric motor force to trac',ion on rail vvays was made on Wednesday on the We:tern ot France Railway. The electric locomotive invented hy M. 11,ilinann drew a special train from the St. 14-.7.1re termitis in Paris to this station, a distance of

thirty-three tniles,.perfortninz the dis•anc'e in fifty-five

- - minutes. The train wai composed o f five coaches' and a dynamitnP:ic brikevan, and at certain portions of the line a speel ot six,y-five miles an hour was attained. At a luncheon held subsequently, the toasts of " M. Hellmann" and the "the Western Railway Company " 'were proposed. The electric locomotive subsequently ~took the ordinary train No. 54 back to Paris.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
THEY KEPT UP WITH THE TRAIN.

'Nut long ago,the passeneers in the Santa Fe train from Top-k to Pu:blo witnessed a rare and pretty scene. At a pout of the road they fell in with A band of eight .antelopes, which immediately be,ran to race the train. For a dozen miles or so the railroad and the river Arkan- sas ran side by side, and along this course antelopes and train dew as if for dear life. Though the engine put on ,full s!eam, it ,!eold trake no headway against the fleet deer. Many of the passengers earre out on to the plat- lorins and, wi:11 quite revolting cruelty, fired at the animals with their r,volvers, hut fortunately failed to hit ?,ny of honi. The race lasted till a bend southwards in the river's !.,ath,was reached,when the antelooes I‹,,pt -to the Arlzlri44A, while westward to the Rocky m )un- • tains tim trs,n hell its way. As was both right and prr:per, thk noble contest ended in a dead heat.

All fat'lpa to be emit'sioni,ed. or bro'.en nn into tinv par- ticles, before it sn s,,sinl:lated. The fat in Scott's Emul- ,sinn Cut Li er CII iirt-aly emul.ionised, and can be tak,ll Ito the t,laai without tax:llg the Aigestive organs. In I hi, wAv r:innl,loo is auperior to plain oil. be4ide, being ~a7nt.ble. Einulriou builds no healthy flesh quick !y aheel in ci mfrlv nauseates and paases off with out got rut, CheallAs sell it 2s. 6d. and 4s. 6d.—(9)

LABOUR DEMONST RATIONS.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
.

AN EIGHT-HOURS DAY DEMANDED. LONDON.

A gigantic demonstration of workingmon was held on Sunday afternoon in Hyde Park, London, in favour of a legal eight-hours day. During the forenoon contin- gents from all parts of the metropolis were assembling on the Thames embankment.and an imposing procession to the park by way of Northumberland avenue and Pic- cadilly was witnessed by many thousands of the general public. There was less congestion of traffic than has been occasioned at some previous demonstrations of the kind, and this was due alike to the tact of the marshals and the judgment and discretion of the force of mounted police within the park. There were twelve platforms, from which labour leaders delivered addresses; five stations were allotted to the Legal Eight Hours League, and there were present at the international platform, amon4st others, M. Jules Guesde,a member of the French Chamber. A resolution in favour of an international eight-hour day was adopted at's!! platforms.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
LEEDS.

A labour demonstration in Leeds took place on Sun- day on Woodhouse Moor, under the auspices of the In- dependent Labour Party. Prior to assembling on the Moor the members of the various labour clubs and socie- ties paraded the principal streets of the city. Speeches were made from two platforms which had been erected. The following resolution was adopted, amid loud cheer- ing :—" That this meeting reaffirms the principle of an eight-hours working day, and urges the+ election of Independent labour representatives on all governin g bodies to enforce it."

===== 0002601_18940512_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTTINGHAM.

One of the largest labour demonstrations witnessed in Nottingham for many years took place on Saturday, when over 20,000 male and female operatives, represent- ing various trades union organizations, marched in pro- cession to the Forest, the chief open space in the town, where a mass meeting was held. Speeches were de- livered from three platforms, and resolutions were simultaneously passed condemning the action of the House of Lords in reference to the Employers' Liability Bill, and urging the Government to reintroduce the measure; also calling upon them to promote a Bill to regulate the hours of labour, eight daily, in all trades, and prohibiting employment of children under 14.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
NO.RTFIAMP roN.

Labour day in Northampton aroused little enthusiasm. After parading the streets a meeting was held, and reso- lutions were passed from two platforms in favour of an eight hours day and the nationalization of the means of production. One precession was under the management of the Northampton Trades Council, and the speakers included Councillor D. Stanton. J.P. The other was composed of local Socialists, and the chief speaker was Comrade Jones, a London Socialist candidate for the borough.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
EDINBURGH.

On Saturday afternoon there was a labour demonstra- tion in Edinburgh organized by the Trades Council of the Independent Labour Party. The procession through the city comprised about 5,000 members of the labour or- ganizations. Resolutions were passed demanding an eight hours day and the democratic control of industry.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
GLASGOW.

In Glasgow the weather was inclement, and less than 10,000 persons attended. The Anarchists had a separate platform. They asserted that no good could be got from the ballot box or by vDting for Mr. Keir Hardie or Mr. John Burns. One Anarchist said be would rather vote for Lord Randolph Churchill. The Labour party had four platforms, at which resolutions were passed de- manding the abolition of the House of Lords with no second chamber in its stead, also that an Eight Hours Day Bill be decreed by Parliament, and that land and industrial capital be nationalized.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
DUNDEE.

At Dundee on Saturday resolutions in favour of a legal eight hours Oay were carried. Mr. Keir Flardie criticized the Prime Minister's speech at Manchester. He denied Lord Rosebery's assertirin that the Labour party drew their membership exclusively from the Liberal party, and declared that wherever Labour candidates had gone to the poll it had been proved that one-third, and in some cases nearly half the votes cast for the Labour candidates came from workingtnen who lomerly sup- ported the Conservatives. The Liberals won the last election through the support of the L Amur party, but they would not again play into the hands of an effete and worn-out Liberalism. DUBLIN.

About 10,000 persons attended the labour demonstra- tion in Phoenix Park, D4hlin, on Sunday. The usual procession through the city took place. The people were addressed from three plattorms erected in the park and the speakers included Dr. Kenny, M.P., and Mr. Field, M.P. A series of resolutions were put from elch Vatfcrm and adopted callinz for an international reduc- tion ot the hours of labour to eight per day, manhood suffrage, assimilations of the boronA parliamen!ary franchise, labour representation in T'Arliament and. on local boards, and the State payment of members of Parliament.

Labour demonstrations were also held at Burnley and Bristol, and in each case an eight heurs labour day was demanded. At Briitol the demonstrators marched through the streets ~cith bands and banners.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
BRUTAL OFFENCE AT WIDNES. GRUESOME PRODUCTION IN COURT.

JUSTICE DAY ON JUSTICE TO MAD DOGS.

Before Mr. Justice Day, at the Liverpool Assizes, on Friday, Elizabeth Bushell, aged thirty-seven, of no occupation, was indicted for having wounded Margaret M`Cann, at Widnes, on the 2nd April. Mr. Formby prosecuted, and Mr. Segar appeared for the defence. The prosecutrix said that the prisoner came to her house and attacked her. She VS";ts knocked down, and the prisoner attempted to bite her nose off. She prevented her doing so, and the Prisoner !hen bit a piece out of her ear. On being cross-examined, the prosecutrix said she had been before the courts four times. The prisoner and herself fought. They had hold of each other by the hair.—Mr. Segar: You are rather good at fighting.—Prosecutrix : Yes, I can take my own part if she had let my ear alone without hiting.—A wit- ness said that the prosecutrix wanted to go on with the fight when the prisoner Went home. Both the prisoner and prosecutrix were worrying each other like dogs. The piece of the prosecutrix's ear which had been bitten off was produced in a bottle in court.— Mr. Segar, for the defence, submitted that what th:,, prisoner did was done in self defence. The prosecutrix and the prisoner were on the ground worrying each other and fighting Ike mad dogs.—Flis Lordship : In justice to mad dogs, Mr. Segar, you ought not to say that. A mad dog snaps and goes on, and does not stop biting. (Laughter,)—The jury, after considerable consultation, fowl(' the prisoner guilty of unlawful wounding.—A Police-constable from Widnes said the prisoner had been twentc-rine times convicted, and had suffered twelve months' imprisonment for wounding with intent to do grievous bodily harm.—His Lordship said the prisoner had commi,ted a brutal offence. She must be imprisoned and k=lit at hard labour for twenty-one calendar months.

Ellen Hunt, 40, charwoman, was found guilty for hav- ing at Widnes on the 14th April, 1894, unlawfully wounded William Shannon, by throwing a saucer. It was stated that the prisoner had been 30 times previ- ously convicted, and had served one term of seven years' penal servitude. His Lordship nnw sentenced her to five years' penal servitude. The prisoner on hearing the sentence turned to the prosecutor and his witnesses and exclaimed, " May my curse go with you. You'll not have much luck when I come back."

===== 0002601_18940512_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
AN ATHLETE'S DIET.

" What is the best dietary on which an athlete should train ?" is a quastion often put. Sir Benjamin IVard Richardson has four rpecifics :—Nhstinencm from hurtful

thin eg ; regular and good habits ; calmnes< of temp-r; laudable ambition. He demands, along with all good trainers and all good competitlrs, as absolutely neces- sary, abstinence from alcohol. He also forbids tQbacco smoking. Gambling he regards as fatal to body and mind. Among other things commended by the well- known physician is the following table of dietary :—Oat- meal porridge and eggs with toast make a good break- fast ; a mutton chop or a beef steak, with a light quan- tity of vegetables and some fruit, make an efficient din- ner • and avoiding tea, or exchanging that for a cup ot milkt,a, dish of oatmeal porridge for supper suffices. These, in his opinion, form as good a diet role as may he devised tor men in active athletic work. Then the further advises three or four meals a day, three or four hours apart; seven hours' sleep, and " early to bed and early to rise."

The election of a member of Parliament for South Hackney in the place of Sir Charles Russ. 11, elevated to the office of Lord of Appeal, tor.l; place on Monday. The candidate R were Mr. F. Moulton (L) and Mr. T. H. Robertson (C). The result was announced at a late hour, and was as follows .—Moulton. 4,530 : Robertson, 4,338.; Liberal majority, 192. Th- fizures in 1886 were :—Russell (L), 2,800 ; Darline (C), 2.700 Liberal majority, 100 : ia 1892 Russell (L) 4,440, Robertson (C), 3,294—Liberal majority, 1,146.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
Acya''l7-9 • gja

GIVE EAciE Ic COMFORT DURING TEETHING. Ple,sant, Cooling Aperient for ThilrrTl of all Ag.?.s. Try them and prove their value tor yonrselves. . _ _ _ _

Sold everywhere in pakets, Is. 1L and 2s-. 9d., or post free 14 or :34 stamps. J. PRITCHAP.D. CHEMIST-, !UNCIIESTER (isteCiieritcu Road).

===== 0002601_18940512_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
_ , . .

THE EXAMINER, SATUR PAY, MAY 12, 1894.

Marion Crawford is said to receive two thousand pounds tor each of his novels, lie always writes two during a year. The Queen of Greece is president of a sisterhood devoted to the reformation of criminals, aud she person- ally visits prisoners. The most noted shot among English women is lady Eva Quin, wife of Captain Wyndham, heir-presumptive to the Earl of Dunraven. She has killed six full-grown tigers from the frail shelter of A howdah. Miss Ada Crossley, who has just arrived from Austra- lia. is admitted by all who are qualined to judge, to be a most highly gifted contralto, says "Spare Moments." She comes from Melbourne, and already she has ad- mirers who declare that her fame will some day equal that of Madame Melba, who hails from the same city. During the past two years her singing has attracted much attention, and aroused great enthusiasm in Aus- tralia. Miss Crossley is twenty-three years of age, and is extremely pretty. The lady who was recently elected Mayor of Pleasan- town, in Kansas, has dismissed all the police. The mem- bers of the force were superseded by zealous Prohibi- tionists, who immediately closed all the public-houses and gambling saloons. The Lady Mayoress has also commanded that all restaurants shall be closed by ten p.m. Furthermore, no boy or girl under sixteen may be out of doors after nine without special permission. But this is not all. The new governess proposes the immediate dismissal of all the members of the Municipal Council if they will not give in to her views on public morality and general economy. Pleasant, place, Pleasantown.

The ladies are still continuing to break new ground for themselves. Lady Mildred Jessup,a younger daugh- ter of Lord and Lady Strathmore,is the latest wonder of the world. She is the first woman on record who has written a successful opera. The measure which Lady Mildred has secured may be gauged when it is borne in mind that the work was presented anonymously to the fastidious musical public of Florence and that on the very first night it excitKl enthusiastic approval. The name of the composer was not dischsed until the se- cond night, when LAdy Mildred, who is only a little more than twenty-five years of age, and has been mar- ried four years, came before the curtain to bow her ac- knowledgements.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
L ADIES' LETTER.

Ikf I'II4IZ EST NELLIE,

J ickets are certainly shorter than last year, the betques remaining moderately full, and tight coats are more in vogue than loose ones, although the open-fronted style is still worn with skirts to match. Moire sleeves are seen on the majority of cloth and serge jackets, and many a last year's coat has been brought up to date and made to look quite fresh and new by adding fresh sleeves and a ~ng ended neck-bow of the all-prevailing fabric. Many of the open•fronted jackete turn back with broad revers, but fasten at the waist, or can be worn completely open. The plain coloured vests of decided colouring have not entirely eclipsed the checks and stripes in " horsecloth" designs, but the self-celoured blues, ranging from a smoke- colour with bluish tinge to a deep Nile blue, and including the popular "butcher' tint are run very close by a brilliant reddish tan, and a dull rose which is yet not at all pink. The new jacket fits closely to the figure, and has full skirts at the back, while the fronts are fitted with long darts, from which a small belt keeps the front edges to- -.ber. The bquare-altaped collar hangs in sailor fashion aerpris the back of the shoulders, while at the same time the ordinary collar Rnd revers could be eubetitw el if desired.

Je.ckets, however, do not monopol;se our favour; apes are equally fashionable, and a very pretty one I have seen is made of moire Frangaise. Both capes are very full, for such is the fashionable order of the day, and both are embroidered with jet reguine. There are long stole ends in front, the lace being that known as Bourdon. As long as the large sleeves remain in vogue capes will be worn, as it is utterly impossible to force a jacket over such a mass of material as the immense gigot sleeves represent, therefore we can count 'upon the capes for the spring and summer. Moire, satin duchesse, and broadcloth are a comparatively limited range of materials, buo the colourings and trimmings make the variety. The silken materials may be said to be universally of black, but in the cloth shades of browo, golden-tan, navy-blue, dark green, and grey will be worn. The elaborate capes will make a feature of handsome linings in moire, satin, brocade, and changeable taffeta ; the cloth capes are seldom lined, even though much trimmed. Cream and black Bourdon and guipure laces and jet will trim the silken wraps, with lace, silk, or braid for those of cloth.

A useful and booming hat for present wear is made of fine brown straw, lined with velvet, and daintily trimmed with bows and ends of brown satin, intermixed with jetted osprey and yellow mimosa blossom, while a delicate spray of the same fl-rwcr is arranged round the foot of the crown. Very original is a hat of green and gold fancy straw, trimmed with a bow of canary-coloured ribbon anti two large green chrysanthemums. A stylish hat is of fine black straw, trimmed with turquoise-blue velvet and three paste buckles placed at intervals, and a cluster of pink roses at the side. A dainty creation ha z a wreath of rose- piok roses running round under the brim, and tailing upon the hair in becoming fashion. A stylish-looking toque I have also seen is of black lace. There ars: wings of lace, two upstanding ostrich tips, and a jet aigrette all black, while the tlawers are pale pink roses,

Ti, spring paletots for girls of from nine to 15 ire exceedingly hlcondag, itud nearly all show the itreight, semi tio,ing sh.pewhich is so eminently u tdap ed to nformed e .nd growing figures. If a rer,ty artistit shade of cloth is selected, a very quantity of velvet or plush, or some rows of oratd, will mike attractive trimmings. Yuurs as ever, .Ikrt N rz.

MUCH BETTER THAN STEEL, AND PENNYROYAL. OTTEY'S UNLABELLED STRONG FEMALE PILLS. Quickly and Certainly remove all obstructions arising from any cause whatever. Invaluable for married women. Post free, under cover for 14, and 33 stamps. from

THOMAS OTTEY, Chemist. 131 EICIC-OE-nlr.T. Please n-ention thispaper

Abokih-

.

xt ki,ls ifs .4- 72/777, ) - .......7. ;Witili. 'I , \-----.0! .4 iIP ( i". , 4 , ~,, •v\5,,..:: , ~..„---.- ,'lr • ---7') \ ',,,, ---.. , , ::::...i. ..-:3. :- , ~. ; , , , . r.t ,:i .7---=_-_:-.;

~.,,,,,,. ~,,,,,, ~,;,,fie•.,,,,4.,,,,,,.,-::,..,,,,,,,i:.,-9'.' -,- . ,-,. .., .... 1) - 0.vi.4-----, ,iii4v74:,-,),-ii. •I. ' .ini7A. ~.-,f,;: ~, I '-'''','N'•'-'-tifr.'", 1 ,',r :1!- ,--.5.•, , f 7, - -; •-•.?....;!- . • --=-5=.; .fw • 4,, c---, • ;A. / ----tp,l, / , t , , ~ 4 -LT , • ,t,,„-r '. 1i..4- // / / I \ ~All3;lffiliio,?l.: 1,4; '''. i/ c 11 4/ .„, IV n. if 11 1'44 ifik:'(viWlA . •I' .' (

~ •.--4.,..- \-0 ~ ~..--„•,.„::, 7.c......,:,,,,,,,, ~.:,,,-;.; , _:w..,fvkA. (0,4,41./(ctA'l (Ik=',7A.:Vi 'Q,...: • ) _ - =L' .:...,,46 ~,.., .....\:\ N'N • .

===== 0002601_18940512_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
Cold Feet.

What a common complaint this is! and yet no one seems to know anything about it. You suffer from it for years, and yet you do not go to a doctor, or if you de,you derive very little benefit from his advice. Some people suffer from it at night only, whilst others are troubled in the daytime as well. It. occurs most fre- quently in women, but still you often hear men complain of it. We believe that the best remedy is hypophosphite of lime in one or two grain doses twice a Clay. This is soluble in water, and should be taken in the form of a mixture, nothing else being put with it, with the excep- tion, if you like, of a teaspoonful of syrup, to make it more patatable, although it is really by no means dis- agreeable by itself. Another good remedy is nux vomica —five drops of the tincture in a little water three or four times a day. It is highly recommended, and you may hope for great things from it. Then you must do all you possibly can to improve the state of yAur general health. It is probable that you are below par somehow or other, although you must admit that it does not fol- low of necessity. If you feel generally out of sorts, and I your appetite is poor, quinine will do Toll good. If you are pale and antemic, you must put your faith in iron. Parrish's Chemical Food often does good. Cod-liver oil is an excellent remedy for improving the general nutri- tion; many people feel quite in a glow after each dose. You should live as well as possible, and a glass or two of port wine a day will do you good. Cold bathing in the morning will quicken the eirculation for you. good brisk walk, if you are able to take it, soon warms the feet. It is a great thing to be properly shod; good stout, well-fitting boots, with thick, warm socks. If you for any reason are unable to get walking exercise, you will -find that five or ten minutes' exercise with the dumb-bells in your room before breakfast is not a thing to be despised. The hot-water bottle in bed at night is a palliative, but does nothin,, to effect a cure. Many people who have suffered from cold feet have ass ured us that they have derived the greatest benefit from putting; them into cold water at bed time. It seems a disagree- able remedy, but they say that the reaction which immediately follows the primary chili is &lig htitil, and that the plan succeeds admirably. The best way would be to rub the fer.t quite dry with a bath-ti wel after bathing them, and then to jump into a warm bed.— "The Family Physician."

===== 0002601_18940512_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
How to Produce Ozone.

Everyone knows the sick-headachy sensation and depression of spirits which is felt in a close, airless, stifl- ing atmosphere such as that of a crowded theatre or concert-room, or a badly-ventilated room ; and on the contrary, the feeling of physical comfort and well-being that accompanies a walk through a garden of sweet- smelling flowers or a lane bordered with hedges of sweet briar and honeysuckle, or by the sea-shore, or in a pine wood. In the latter cases tile air is highly charged with fragrant ( z me, every breath of which renews and purifies our blood ; in the former, the ozone has been exhausted, breathed up, as it were, by the assembled multitude Of human lungs, arid its place taken by the noxious and poisonous carbonic acid gas breathed nut again by the same lungs, and which is, I need hardly point out, hurtful in the extreme to the system and the general health,and absolutely ruinous to the complexion. A simple and easy method of rapidly generating oz.me to supply the place of that exhausted from the atmos- phere of a small, badly-ventilated, or over-crowded room (if the best ozone-producers, fresh air and sunshine, cannot be obtained in sufficient quantity), is to sprinkle some oil of vitriol, diluted, over some perniviganate of potash, but, of course, great care mus', be taken to put it in a place where no children can get at it, and where it will not be likely to be upset, as oil of vitrol is a very powerful and corroding acid.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
How to use Perfumes.

Haring selected your favourite perfume, the best and most delicate way of identifying it with yourself is not t. saturate your handkerchiefs or your underlinen with sudden dashes of the scent from a b ittle, but to keep amongst your underlinen 'little powder sachets scented with the perfume, or, which is also a good plan, to make for each one of your linen drawers a pad of cotton-wool covered with art muslin or silk, and exactly fitting the bottom of the drawer ; scent this well from the bottle, renewing the process from time to time,and on it spr,wi your underlinen, handkerchiefs, &c., &c., which will acquire and retain a delicate perfume. never decid•A enough to be pronounced and " voyante," but just enough to be fresh,sweet. and delicately fragrant. Your dresses you can scent in the same fashion either by sew- ing in little scented pads,or if you keep them in a ward- robe. puttin% a similar pad of covered cottonwool on the floor of the wardrobe, or hanging it as a. back zround to the dresses, and scenting it strongly in the same way , as those of the linen drawers. In a very short time you will find that all your things will have a delicate fr.i- ; grance pervading them,and even your bedroom or dress- I img room will be fresh and sweet with A faint delicate suggestion of the same perfume ever lingering in the air.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
A 'IIATIEN7II PEOPLE.

-- There are several penples whose patience under mis- rule, suffering, starvation, and other woes has been and is remarkable, but in its way the patience of the E=ltimo is singular. Knowing nothing of the high pressure under which English-speaking folk live nowadays, there is, says " Little Folks," of course, no reason why they should not take things most easily, and this they seem to do very well. It is related of a number of them that they were sent one summer to cut the grass of a meadow at some distance from their homes. They were gone a long time, but when they came back they explained they had had to pitch their tents and wait until the grass was long enough to mow. "WELL PLAYED, HOMOCEA."

A friend writing a personal letter concludes with the following : "This is from one of my sm ill school boys. after describing all hi A walks and runs on S %turd ly last MN' hocks (nr whatever they call the back of the knees), got stiffer and stiffer, And when I was getting into bed I found I could hardly move, and so I man-it:zed feebly to reach the place where the Hoinocea lives, and put some on my., leg, and to-day it is perfectly well. Well played, Floinocea "

HOMOCEA. V. BRUISES.

Mr. Thomas Lydiatt, of the Liverpool Evane!isation Society, residing at Clifton Terrace, Birkenhead, says his son got a severe blow just over the eye with a cricket ball, causing much swelling and discolouration. He had it at once rubbed well with Homorea afterwards apply- ing it as a plaster. This wa; at nielt. Ntixt in )rning the swelling was greatly 'Awed, and by the evening there was hardly a sign of the bruis3.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
INFLAMED FOOT AND ANKLE.

NORTIIMARSTON VICARAME, BUCKS. Sir,—.Your t' Homocea " has cured an inflimed foot of mine, which caused me great p tin and almost lamed me for a while. It has since completely relieved a friend's ankle, owing to which, till he tried your Ointment, he walked with extreme difficulty. Yours sincerely, S. B. JAMES, D.D.

LORD COMBERMERE says FIOMOcEA. did him more good than any embrocation he had ever used for rheu- matism. LORD CARRICK writes : " I wish to testify to the gnod hand Af God my Father norm me, in bles=ing your " Drimocea "in }waling me of bleeding piles."

Remember that ROMOCEA INSTANTLY TOUCHES THE SPOT." All wholesale houses stoA FlomocEA. It eAn he obta'ned from Chemiv.s an.i ot,l4erA at is. I,lv 1. or 21 91. per box, or vvill be sent hv ps for is. 3d. and 3:. from the wholesale agency, 21, •Hamiltoi Square, Birkenhead. Fo!d in the neighbourhood by J. R. YOUNG, SANKEY- STREET, WARRINGTON ;by the executors of the.. late ISAAC SPEAKNIAN, BRIDGR-STREET PHARMACY. BUN- CORN; and by E. RnoTn s —RESTER BRIDGE, CREWE. (3)

THE DOUBLE LIFE; OR, THE HAMPTON MYSTERY.•

Ey the Author of " DAUKWOOD." .

CHAPTER XII. ON PERILOUS GROUND., I stand as one upon a rock,

Environ'd with a wilderne-ss of sea ; Who marks the waxing tide grow, wave by wave, Expecting ever when some envious surge Will in his brinish bowels swallow him. - SHAKESPEARE.

Giralds, was conducted to the housekeeper's room, where, for the next hour, she was left to solitude and her own thoughts. At the end of the period mentioned Mrs. Pumpton returned, breath- ing heavily as from over-exertion, and announced that the young lady's chamber was in readiness. " Your travelling bag has been carried up, Miss," she said. "Have you no other luggage ? " "No:, hcre," replied the young girl, rising. " I shall have more soon, as I intend making some purchases at the village." The maiden's manner was reticent, and the housekeeper forebore to press her inquiries. She therefore led the way in silence to Giralda's apart- ments.

They entered the wide ball of the main edifice. It had a strangely dismantled look, being totally bare of furniture. They ascended the grand stair- case, their steps echoing hollowly, and gained the upper hall, which was but a counterpart of the lower.

"My lord has had the carpets taken up and the furniture put away, there being no company now- a-days at the Park," said the housekeeper, apolo- getically, as she conducted the maiden to a cham- ber opening off the hall. "This is your room, Miss."

She flung open i door near the head of the stairs, and ushered Giro.lda Into an apartment, herself following. The room was wide and high, almost square in shape. It had a wide window looking to the east and a magnificent oriel fronting the south, so that all the light and sunshine of the outer world seemed to concentrate here. The walls were adorned with pictures. A wood fire burned and sparkled in the ample old-fashioned fireplace, giving to the air a delightful temperature. In an alcove stood a high, four post bed-stead, heaped with lace-frilled pillows. A dressing-table, draped with pink muslin and white lace, its mirror framed in a cloud of rosy drapery, stood in one cor- ner. A Turkish lounge and an easy chair com- pTised the luxuries of the apartment, but they were old and threadbare, as was also the .Turkey carpet, whose bright hue even time and wear had not been able to efface.

" What a pleasant room !" exclaimed Giralda, advancing to the oriel window and looking across the lawn to the park, where the trees were waving like billows in the restless March wind.

The housekeeper's worn face brightened. "I am glad you like it, Miss," she answered. "I suppose my lord max be diFuleaed when he finds what room I have given you, but Lord Ad- lowa has the blue chamber, and his valet had to have the next chamber, instead of lodging among the servants, where he belongs, and the rest of the rooms are stripped of furniture. Ny lord had the carpets and furniture boxed up years ago. This room he never had touched and he hasn't entered it for nearly eighteen years." "Doesn't he like it? " asked Giralda, wonder- _ _

The housekeeper hesitated-. Something in the young girl's appearance seemed to invite her con- fidence.

" It—it was Mr. Geoffrey's room," she whis pered.

Giralda shivered.

" Mr. Geoffrey's'!" she repeated. 44 The land- lord at the "Trevelyans Arms" told me about him. lie tried to murder and rob his uncle."

The housekeeper's face flushed, and her eyes sparkled with sudden feeling. " Tie was caught in his uncle's room, miss, at midnight, a knife in his hand. Eis confusion and bewilderment, added to his situation, seemed to fix the intention of an awful crime upon him ! But I know he never meant to harm his uncle. Lord Trevelya,n was harsh with him, and kept !inn upon short allowances of money, hut Geof- frey Trevelyan was incapable of harming a hair of the old man's head. There is some mystery about that night's affair, and when that mystery is unraveled, Geoffrey's name will be cleared. He was the noblest, the brightest, the gayest of boys, Miss Arevalo. He had a kind word and a smile for every one. The village children laughed and crowed when he came near. The boys followed at his horse's heels. The girls blushed when handsome Mr. Geoffrey's blue eyes chanced to fall upon them, and the old folks came to him with all their troubles. He nursed his uncle through a contagious fever, when every one else forsook him, and he saved my son's life from drowning. That was the man, Miss Arevalo, whom they accuse of robbery and attempted murder."

" Was there any doubt of his guilt ?" asked Giralda.

" No one doubted it but me," said Mrs. Pump- ton, sorrowfully. " I was his old nurse, and I knew him better than the rest. I knew him to lie incapable of crime. The servants and villagers doubt his guilt now. The poor boy was betrothed to a great lady, an earl's daughter, the Lady Bea- trice Hampton. But they all turned from him when my lord did. And my boy, my pretty nursling, my noble young master, fled off to the Brazils, ant died there ! So it is said, Miss Arevola. It is well that he is thought dead, for my lord would hunt the earth over for him if he believed he lived. My lord loved the boy in his inmost heart with snore than a father's love. Master Geoffrey's suppoeed ingratitude seems to have turned that love to hatred. No one but me knows how my lord worshipped his gay and hand- some heir. But now he would kill him with his Own hands, if he were to meet him !" •

"You speak as if his death were not proven," remarked Giralda.

The housekeeper bestowed upon the maiden a swift, keen glance. Her honest face was full of emotion. Her manner was full of secrecy and mystery. Having read Giralda's pure and noble soul in her face, she glanced apprehensively at the door, and said in a low tone: "Miss Arevalo, since the day Master Geoffrey went away, my lord has shut himself up, seeing no visitors excepting his nephew, Lord Adlowe. Once in a while he goes up to London, but not often. He will not let me speak favourably of my young master, and no one else cares to urge Mas- ter Geoffrey's innocence. I suppose no one but me really believes in it. Your coming here is a remarkable event. Perhaps your innocent ways may soften my lord's heart. Perhaps your blue eyes—so like Master Geoffrey's—may touch his hardened soul ! I don't know why I speak so freely to you, miss, but I beg of you now to u.,,e your influence in behalf of my young master! Lord Trevelyan has taken a fancy to you already, I can see. For the sake of right and justice I en- treat you to speak a good word now and then for Master Geoffrey. He will hearken to you sooner than to me, or I am old and humble, and you are young, beautiful, and a lady. Besides, you have Master Geoffrey's eyes, and my lord loved those gay and innocent eyes ! " The housekeeper spoke entreatingly, her manner full of suppressed eagerness. "I fear I can do nothing to help you, Mrs. Pumpton," said Giralda, with a sigh. "Is it well to stir up these old things? I feel interested in poor Mr. Geoffeey, and I shall like to believe him innocent, whatever the proofs against him. But he is dead, Mrs. Pumpton. Why not let the story of his past die, too ? ' The housekeeper again glanced apprehensively towards the door.

"They said Master Geoffrey died," she Whis- pered. " They sent home the proofs. I believed the story, miss, anti many a night I've cried all night, thinking of a lonely grave off in South America. My son is a sailor, miss, and last year he went to Rio, a big place down there in Brazil. I charged him to find Master Geoffrey's grave, and to put up a marble headstone. I sent the money for the stone out of my own earnings. My son looked, but he could not find the grave. He applied to the Spaniard at whose house Mastcr Geoffrey was said to have died, and he found out, after promising not to injure the fellow, that the ,Aory of Master Geoffrey's death was not true— that he did not die in Brazil." Giralda uttered an exclamation of surprise.

" My fou discovered," continued ihe house- keeper, her aitation increasing, " that Master i;colfrey left Rio soon after for the West Indies. My young master may be living still, Miss Are- vale. Sometimes I even fancy he may be in Eng- land. If my lord should discover that he is not dead, he would set a detective at once upon his :Ci, 4/1d not sci;;;;I: unt:l h hu lita sent to Penal

servitude. Di ow, --win you not help me to soften my lord '3 In_yrt towards his nephew ? if in piling master should live—should be in En,dand--" , ' -

Her voi:.:e failed her. She could only look her agonised pleading. " I will try to help you, Mrs. Pompton," sal,' Giralda, with gentle kin.;liness. "If I were only sure that the young man was guiltless of the crime with which he was charged ! But he could not be innocent. How came he in his unele's chamber at miiinight, a knife in his hand, unless he meant to kill him ? The landlord of the " Tre- velya.n Arms "told me that 'Mr. Geollrey actually stabbed his uncle in the shin lder.. I cannot plead for an intended murderer, except to beg that Lord Trevelyan will forgive the wrong as lie hopes to be forgiven his errors." The housekeeper groaned, and twisted her hands nervously together. Suddenly an idea occurred to her. She sprang up and moved towards a picture, which had already attracted Girabia's attention from the fact that its face was turned to the wall.

Reversing the picture, Mrs. Plimpton exclaimed : " Theren is Master Geoffrey's portrait, painted only a short time before be left home. Look at it, Miss Arevalo, and tell me if you think he could have been guilty of attempted murder." Giralda approached the picture and looked at it steadily. It was that of a youth of one-and twenty, with a fair, boyish face, fair hair of a rare golden tint, a frank and pleasant mouth, anti dark, sunny blue eyes, full of the brightness of a joyous soul. They were truthful, honest eyes, radiant and resolute, yet with a strange tenderness lying in their blue depths. Those eyes had a strange fascination for Gina.la. She did not know how iike her own eyes were to them. It seemed to her that her father was look- ing at her from behind a blonde mask. "Do you think the owner of that face could have committed, or designed to commit, murder?" demanded the housekeeper. " No, no !" cried Giraltia, almost involuntarily. " I should as soon suspect my own father of a crime My father's eyes are very like those, only graver and more sorrowful ; but papa is dark, and his hair is black. He is a paniard. Mr. Geoffrey has papa's eyes, and I will do my best, Mrs. Pump- ton, to influence Lord Trevelyan in his nephew's favour. When I look at the picture it ahnosu seems to me that I shall be working for papa—my own darling papa " she added, softly, under her breath.

The housekeeper failed to catch the last sen- tence, but she seemed overjoyed at the maiden's promise, and was profuse in her thanks. "It may seem strange to you, miss, that I should ask you, a perfect stranger, to take this interest in our family affairs, but I can get no one to speak a word for my poor young master. And every day I dread lest he should have come back to England and he discovered. Do not tell my lord that his nephew possibly lives, Miss Arevalo. Wait until he shows some sign of softening to- wards Mae ' Geoffrey. He is an awful man in his rages—awful ! " and Mrs. Pumpton shud- dered. "If you can only make him think differ- ently of poor Mr. Geoffrey ! Every one has tricd to inflame him against him—every one but me ! She lingered to give a few more injunctions to the young girl, whose promised aid filled her faithful heart with hopes, and then withdrew, -having promised to send up the maiden's luncheon at the proper hour. Left alone, Giralda, looked long and earnestly at the portrait of Geoffrey Trevelyan, which smiled down upon her with tender, familiar eyes. " I will work for Mr.. Geoffrey," she said, aloud, her face kindling with resolution. ''lt will al- most seem to me that I am working for papa," she added, unconsciously repeating what she had said before. "I will try to fancy that lam doing it for papa's sake ;" and she smiled faintly at the very absurdity of the idea. Turning reluctantly from the portrait, ahe pro- ceed d to make her toilet for the afternoon. Her dusky hair, smoothly brushed, clustered in tiny rings close to her small head. Her black silk chess, with linen bands at throat and wrist, the former fastened by a how of cherry ribhen, completed an attire which she deemed eminently suited to Lord Trevelyan's companion and seere. tary. As she turned from the mirror she almost wished that the childlike face wore the stamp of age, and- the smooth brow was furrowed with wrinkles, for she looked, in her own eyes, alto- gether too young and undignified for her present position in life. She was standing in the oriel wirelow, thinkinp sorrowfully of the home and friends she had left, when a small handmaiden entered, bearing a tra2 on which was spread a delicate luncheon. " If you please, miss," she said with a courtesy, having deposited her burden on the table, " my lord will be pleased to see you in his room as soon as you have finished lunch. He have got ond of his tantrums bed, miss, with the gout in his foot and he bade me tell you about Saul and David, miss, which I've forgotten. • But lcastways, miss, he wants you to sing to him." " I will come down very soon," replied Giralda. " You need not stay to wait upon me," she added, with a smile that won the heart of the small maid at once and forever.

The housekeeper's assistant, too young to be counted among the family servants, withdrew in a state of ardent admiration for the new inmate and Giralda ate her tempting lunch in soli- tude.

Convinced that she had taken a right course, she resolutely repressed her rising homesickness, and nerved herself for the duties before her. De- spite his faults she was already interested in Lord Trevelyan. Despite the evidence against him, she had imbibed the housekeeper's faith in Geoffrey Trevelvan, and she was determined to use her in- fluence in his favour--supposing that she should gain any influence over the vindictive marquis. Her new duties had already a charm for her, and she felt a certain sense of responsibili4 just heavy enough to be pleasant. Having finished her lunch, she set out for the lower rooms of the eastern wing. On the stairs she encountered Negwyn, Lord Adlowe's valet, and, to her surprise, the man halted and stared at her with an earnestness that embarrassed her.

The sight of that strangely lovely face and graceful figure at Trevelyan Park aroused all the wonder and curiosity of the rctumed Aus- tralian.

Giralda, unconscious that he too had marked the strange likeness between her eyes and those of Geoffrey Trevelyan, passed on, and gained the corridor from which Lord Trevelyan's apartments opened: She knocked lightly, and the marquis himself bade her enter.

Obeying the summons, she went in. Lord lrevelyan was alone. His chair had been wheeled near the hearth, and he was amusing himself with the destruction of the great number of letters which his recent advertisement had called into existence.

He paused in his task as the young girl entered his presence, his countenance expressing his sur- prise and gratification at The bright apparition. " You are prompt, Miss Arevalo," he said. "I did not expect you for an hour yet. I supposed ladies always spent hours over their toilets. Per- haps the race is improving. It is quite time. Just draw your chair up near to mine, if you please. I shall have to defer the song I had promised myself until my nephew departs." Giralda drew a chair to the position indicated, and the old marquis looked at her pure face keenly. "My nephew, Lord Adlowe, knows you are come,"; he said. " I told him myself. He says you are an adventuress, Miss Arevalo, to answer my advertisement in person. But lam a keener judge of people than my travellei nephew. You are an unworldly, innocent, unsuspecting little creature—a mere child—and I mean that you shall be treated here with the respect which would be given my grandchild, if I had one. No one can say aught against your residence here, since Mrs. Pumpton will matronise you. Her presence is sufficient for the proprieties, although an old in- valid like me ought not to be a subject for gossip- ing tongues. You shall be my secretary, Miss AreValo. I like the name better than that of 'nurse' or companion.' And it shall be under- stood that, while my roofs shelter you, I will watch over your reputation and welfare with the jealous care of a father ! "

He spoke with an impres.sive earnestness that touched the brave little heart of the maiden.

"I thank you, my lord," she said, simply, but with a look that spoke I_,etzer than words. " I don't know much about the world, but I am sure it must be right for me to help myself and relieve mamma of my support." " The world," said the marquis, with an ironical curve of his lip, "is a den of wolves. Alam I, like you has but small chance in it,. But, then, thank Fortune, there are few lambs. Don't let Inc frighten you, child. No one -shall harm you. AL ?" he addea, as he heard a step with )rit, " I:ere conics a ,volf now."

The next moment the door opened, and his nephew, Lord Adlowe, entered the parlor. He came forward smiling, the same polished nobleman who had induced the Lady Beatrice , Hampton to consider his claims upon her hand. Innocent little Giralda, while she instinctively disliked him, wondered why his uncle called him a wolf. " Well, my gallant corsair, I suppose you are soon to be off," said the marquis. "Miss Arevalo, this gentleman is my nephen, Lord Adlowe." Giralda acknowledged the introduction with a graceful bow. Lord Adlowe forgot his politeness sufficiently to stare at her in undisguised amaze- ment, mingled with admiration for her rare beauty. "She has Geoffrey Trevelyan's eyes ?" he mut- tered, uneasily. "Ormond," said the marquis, significantly, his black eyes glittering with sudden sternness, "Miss Arevalo is my secretary. While she remains at the Park she will be to me as a daughter. You will look upon her in that light." Lord Adlowe bowed, his face flushing. He knew, what the innocent Giralda did not suspect, that those simple words contained a warning to him not to look too admiringly upon the young stranger. He sat down by the table, his face in shadow, and watched with furtive glances the new-comer. He did not like her resemblance to the cousin he supposed dead. He had a vague sense of uneasi- ness whenever he chanced to encounter her inno- cent gaze. "The carriage is ordered, and I suppose I must go, uncle," he said, consulting his watch. "I wish now that I had not decided to go to the Hampton ball. I would rather remain here—" "No doubt ! " exctaimed the marquis with keen sarcasm. "I understand you, perfectly, my dear Ormond. lam delighted with your sudden affec- tion, the more especially as you betrayed nothing similar to it during your years of absence in the East. But it is your duty to go to the ball. Lord liampton is anxious to unite the fortunes of Tre- velyan and Hampton, and I am no leas anxious to see the union accomplished. Go, then, my dear boy. I shall be down to London later in the season, and we can then renew our affectionate intercourse."

"You act as if you had no faith in me or my profe3sions 1" cried Lord Adlowe, with sudden heat.

"Well, I have none; and you know I have none," replied the marquis, coolly. "I have no faith in any one, unless in this child here. She isn't old enough to be deceitful. But faith isn't necessary to my enjoyment of your professions, Ormoud. They amuse me—they do, indeed." Lord Adlowe scowled darkly. "I hear the carriage, he said, hastily. "I have but time to catch the train. Good-bye, uncle. Adieu, Miss Arevalo."

He bowed to the latter, and shook hands with the former—an operation to which the marquis submitted with a grimace. Then he hastened from the room, muttering as he entered the wait- ing carriage: "There's some mystery shout this girl ! I mean to solve it ! By Jove ! she's a beauty, and as in- nocent as a dove 1 Strange that her eyes are so like 6colrey's ! I must inquire into her history. I'll be back up here next week, and see what I can find out from her." ( To be continued ).

ARCE/TECT"have you any airections tor the study, Mr. Silversides?" Mr. S. : "Only that it must be brown. Great thinkers, I under- stand, are generally found in a brown study." HE (sadly): "And if we should meet again next summer, how will your love be for me then?" She (buoyantly) : "The same as ever, dearie. We will go right on with it from where we leave off itovz."

===== 0002601_18940512_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
GOLD " RUSHES " IN AUSTRALIA.

New " rushes "are taking place in the West Austra- lian goldfield., and according to recent information the famous Coolgardie field has been almost deserted in favour of a spot called " Pinnacles," where rich finds have been made. This locality is 58 miles north-east or Coolgardie, and is described as showing splendid alluvial ground. Another " rush " is reported at Kurualpi, where the advent of a crowd of miners has caused a great scarcity of provisions. Many diggers are about to replenish their stores with tinned 11184,S sold for from 4s. to 6s. per lb. Flour is unobtainable at £0 for 501 b. bags. At Hannan's White Feather the last news'said that there had been no tinned meat for ten &1a.% s, arid fresh meat was entir,ly unknown. The only articles on sale at the stores there being baking powder and mus- tard. The scarcity of water still continues, and the Government, in order to encourage the immediate erec- tion of condensers between Southern Cross and Cool- gardie by private enterprise, has issued a notice stating that any person sinking a shalt or well and erecting condenser will be protected by the Government. for 3.2 months from the date of starting work, and be permitted to occupy during the currency of that period is quarter of an acre for each 250 gallons of fresh water Iwr day yielded by the condenser. There has been another gold " rush " in New South Wales to a place called WN along, near Barm,dman. A newspaper correspondent writes that all the roads converging on the field are crowded with horsemen, waggons, and pedestrians. The whale vicinity of the find is one great camp, and there are now between 2,000 and 3,000 people on the ground. The gold. bearing country proves to he much more extensive than was at first supposed. A new reef hiss been discovered five. miles from the main camp, and another v-ry rich one also a considerable distance a 7 ay. The main street of Wyalong is already beginning t assume the usual characteristics of a busy old time mining carnr, butchers, bakers, and heterogeneous hawkers doing a roaring trade

===== 0002601_18940512_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
THIEF-HUNTING IN THE SEWERS

There is a hand of thieves in Naples which, like rats, frequent tho underground sewers, arid horo their way into shops for the purpose of robbing tills and goods. On the morning of the 2:1(1,a leather dEaler,on unlocking his warehouse, found a large hole in the florin,, and skins and money gone to the value of three thousand francs. He called the police, and several of them, t ,ge- ther with some sewermen, penetrated into the dark vaults,lipping anti sliding along the mud of the sewers. and with a single lantern. They had not gone far when they discovered a man, and cAlled to him to stop. But with a cry, "Madonna! Don't kill me," the im,n fled along the sewer,the police firing a tter him,and following him for at least a mile, passing under three or four streets,but without ..Aiccess. The police are now watch- ing the sewers like cats ; but there are many escape - holes.

THE PLAGUE OF LIFE

A " Little Cough," THE RUIN OF HEALTH A" Little Cough. THE FORERUNNER OF DEATH: A "Little Cough." Which may be CURED :now by theLIMMEDIATE USE o

HALL'S FOR INFLUENZA, LUNG RESTORER Registered AND ALL CH EST I:" AND THROAT LI ESTORER COMPLAINTS. It Never Fails. It PO9SESSES T!i 11 POWER LUNG to Soolam. ltEr.ovF. and HEAL, which exiAts in tv, RESTORER other preparation. Fon COUGHS LUNG OR co ws. p ESTOR ER it Never Fails. It N13V1311 FAIL-1 to GIVO INSTINT RSLIRF. 1 _,IJ N G IItSTORE It THE FIRST DOSE IS A SOOTHING PIM" -r_ JUNG LUDIC TO THR CURS. RESTORER INDUCES SLEEP Cairn and Refreshing.

LUNG EST DOES NOT CONTAIN ORER R Never Fails TAUDANUM. OPIUM. or MORPHIA. LR UNG Fon WHOOPING ESTORER COUGU. . . T,... JUNG IT ACTS LIKE A CLIAIW' . RESTORER • Children like it. ' Never Fails. OTTI S• '' ONE 131.:D. n . ) HALL'S LUNG -iFil ESTORER PROVES ITS VALUE.. XL Registered ESTABLISHED 40 YEARS' .. GIVES INSTANT NEVER NEVER : RELIEF. FAILS. FALLS. A f• EXTRACT FROM LETTER OF wITNE.s BEAR/3C,— ' Mrs. M. A. Smith. Orphan Home tor Girls, Croydon „.„ • To Mr. Trioi. HALL.—" DEAR Sin, —I atn pie tsed testify to the great benefit derived from the use of your WS"' r RESTORER, which I lisve viven to s'veral , my Home—in two cases particularly its .ffeets were marv!!. ~ bus. having cured most obstinate Cou3hs. I shall uo Plea33'. to recommend it to all my frinds." . CAUTION.—When you ask, ask for a 13o!t1P of IT RESTORER, LUNG don't be persvad bed accept an!ithigY else. Upon the oicle wairp-er of evtry genuine 10°8 childreo il. :. appears my Tindellark (the figure of lloP.k and Sign, ) . Bewaro of fraudulent imitations and innovations. Sot ii by Chemists and Stores everywhere, in Bottle,y, le. Vd. end 2s. 9d. Should there he any ditlicaltV "T. obtaining, it will he sent Cirriage paid, on receipt cf P.O! -tare• for the amount, from TIIO.i. HAJ.L, 24, Queen Victorls• stmt. London, E.C.

~. , , , ~ i. , . . , ~. ir. i 1 ~ ~, , . . ill 0 : •• ~ ; .., 1 ' : , ..

i t lii ow t I* Ost • it

•

===== 0002601_18940512_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
EXTItAORDINIRY VERDICT,

It is supposed that as—a —rule verdicts given are just 4khd reliable, but we sometimes hear of one that is Proven entirely erroneous by subsequent events. 'rhis as the case with the verdict oa Mr. J. Long, Brick- -1421d5, Bury Road, Gosport, Hants. We give his own lhatement .:—** Four years ago I was taken with what /led a complication of diseases. I suffered frequent attacks of giddiness ; could not rest day or night ; suffered excruciating pains all over my body, especially severe in the back, u3locy shoulder-blades, sometimes 'eltending to my arms. My appetite was poor, and What little food 1 ate distressed me. I could not walk, tor even stand upright. I was also tortured by 112v9re pains in my chest and hoarseness, which the doctor said was due to weakness of the lungs. My local doctor treated me for two years without effecting Melioration ; in fact, after all this time, he said, ' You 4°.e kidney disease, and there is ne cure for you.' I immediately began to take Warner's Safe Cure, and now, lam happy to say, lam completely cured. I tnY life to this medicine, and its merits catnot be "9 Widely known."

===== 0002601_18940512_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
'°l3R LOCAL CHURCHUS-WARRINGTON.

ADDRESS TO WORKINGMEN. ,chlhe Rev. W. H. Drummond, pastor of tite Unitarian aPel, Cairo-street. delivered his usual monthly ad- ofres to wortingmen on Sunday evening, the subject I,,his discourse was " Character and social reform." . "ere WaS a large congregation, and the remarks of the Preacher wece listened to with attention.

WYCLIFFE 'P.S.A sociEvr. There VIVI a well-attended meeting of this society on LlM,day" afternoon. Mr. Jewkes occupied the chair and cn the subject of " Leadership:" The address :vas delivered by Mr. Horton, of Warrington: who took' Inr his sObject " Personal Influence." He stated that all present had an influence on their fellows either for good 14 evil. He gave instances of men who had held prom-?l inent and responsible positions in the world whose: lOnence lived long'after their death. A great responsi- ,ltY, he contended rested upon our Waders as to the ,7caroPle they set. He believed that the prevalence of ambling was attributable to a great extent to the atronage given it by those in high•positions. Mr. W. I,°clinore contributed a flute sole with considerable skill. "e Res? J. Yonge, Messrs. A. Lang and W. C. Bristow also. ' took part in the service. , B.TheBEWSEY-ROAD WESLEY:LN CHAPEL. B.,kne anniversary services in connection with the timer-street Wesleyan Sunday Sdhool were held in the ,sewseY-road WeSleyan Cnapel on Sunday, when the :reacher ,morning and evening was the Roy. F. C. Ha!me, riiterly superintendent minister in the Warrington cir- du. t• Special songs were given by the choir and chil- and at the morning service, the choir sang the anthem,, Venite " (Dr. It. Woodward) in good style.and 7,30 the anthem" (J Lord how manifold are thy works" Barnby). In the afternoon,qhe- Rev. Owen Watkins vroSided over a service of vocal music, which was , -,rllindered by the choir and children. Mr. -Joseph , b„?rP of Lymm had been 'announced to preside, was unable to do •se. The service was .Zas an interesting one and much enjoyed by those who Zere Present. The greater port of the pieces were token trorn the Sunday School hyont3 hook, and were heartily , Itlng by the children. In additieu, the choir id full estice to the anthems "Send out thy light" kGounod ) , ()IP" Seek ye the Lord "(Dr_ J. V. Roberts), the latter ta,w; binil was sung by requett. and the solo part was "tall3' rendered by Mr. A. Baker. There was a very • ne congregation at the evening service, the chapel ;71 crowded to the door. The Rev. F. C. Hanne t'After r;eached a characteristic sermon from Hebrews :10. 34. sermon the choirtrang the anthem " Come ine ye weary " (C. W. Jordan). In this anthem, /I'3 Lawton took the soprano solo, and Mr. J. •:!Inett the bass solc,ancl the .qoartette was rend,-red by t7lss Kent, Miss Place, Messrs A. Baker ,and JAlennett, !e whole'of the choir joinic:,.: in the chorus. The ser- til,.seeaPpropriately ended by the whole of the congrega- ,o`;',l joining in singing. " The day is past and over." A t.„'ection was taken at eack•service in aid of the Sunday i:sri.ool funds, a:A the total amount realized was £42

BAPTIST SUNDAY SCiIOOL ANNIVERSMIY. ihe9n Sunday last the P.ev. J. S. Hughes, of fill Chile, llaw,eorac.hed two sermons to large cone.r,:erstions. The liwit,aing sermon was basecirepon the inctuents e,onnectpci -o t ---,Jacob's reina• rkatile., drea, m and God's promise not , alt orsake or to leave him. 'rho preacher showed that fu h Jacob was by his ewn aci;ion s friendless and a hi gstive on the faee of the earth, vet the Lotal-was with hoai,and though hated by his ow ii,a rid despised by all who to trieWlinif vet God had a-great purpose for him to so- Push,.-I and be showed that even in these later days en like Jacob had visions, and men 'quite as unlikely as the eti..:- were selected to NVOI,I out God's great plans. In IS -"ening the sermon was preached from the words of tilalah " The earth shall be-filled with the knowledge of tae Lord as the waters cover the sea." The rev, gentle- shaelle,snoke of the glorious future, when the promise tlit•-•"`d he fulfilled, and drew a vivid picture of the con- to4 of thini,s when the •whole world should 'fear the tdi and be engaged in his service. Mr. Hickman de: se.,es_iTd an earnest address to the parents, teachers, ape itlegulal's in the afternoon. .A. feature of the service was Lorasipenial music. •NletiCelssolen's •" k waited for the a- " Iva,: fully rendered, in the morning the solos being . s e .. ho,, eu,tssung by Miss Kent and Miss -E Field- In the evening toe- quartette "God is a Spirit" Ite-ea Elvev's anthem " 0 give thanks unto the Lord," Riven with taste and spirit. The afternoon ser- loe' W4s composed chiefly Cf children's hymns, solos be- taZßiven by the elder girls. whilst Miss E:Fieldhouse dues s' The Better Land." -Mi. Cole gave a cornet solo .14111°.' the (acne- Ty, whilst Mr. 'Edgar Balm ford per- -1441, ed,_ sitnibirly on the 'celio at the evening.servite. hllole of the mus i ical arrangements were en thei, II; 1.8 Or Mr. A. Fielaciuse, choir master. ; and Mr. F. th.:-...an, organist ; who areto be complimented upon rent'eeess attending their efforts, the singing being VET,,ered in a really ' first class style. The collections • att,;•, eoesidering the had skate of trade, fairly good, to nearly -P7103. •'"‘TERESTING' ADDRESS ON •MUSIC.—BY'TEIE Ch A a REV. J. W. WARLEY. Ea `Peeial musical service was held in the Latchford veDrtist nil Sunday evening, when collections and e taken apel. 0 behalf f the el oh- fund. 'Special hymns 4netar,litihernsnWeresunee-, the c-hoir'b,Ang, under the con,- V. -rsiliP of M Wilkinson. The Pastor, Rey. J. W . 4rl• ev ' r. ' • ' the sane- Hespoke on the subject of.' Music in .. said Uod meant -them to love music. He Lile sp,-"ene.ded them with an endless number of sounds. 'tho ••;;1- attalnee would detect music in the chirrup of of ir! azshopper leaping in the ten •grass, or in-the hum deteesteeet., at sundown' beneath rthe trees, or it would .naordiru.' in the warbling of birds in the trees. They •14200tinrnu510 in the bleating (rt.:sheen in. the .meadows, 11l the minor key of innocence, while m the • coot - Kin(' in the valley this y ,heard the major-key ,alse -1.41 ent and the deep bass of -strength. There was .teititital,ie puastieteir n of rustle of reeds•in.the dykes, in the rain or leaves. in •the murmur of the loreAieaa they breathed through tile heechwoods or pine :ere aiiand hig up on the mmentair res the ear. 44 her the--, sug2s'stive whether in the falling bit of crag, Anche'esh of broken rocks in the valley, or in the ava- Arid ,se There was music also in the ripple of 'the brook, eNameadence ir, the hurry of the torrent, and 'in the traodecof the waves on the pebbly -beach. There was ane.th,"• nlnsic still in the tumble of tile mighty, catara,ct *het ,7eroar of the ocean where stwrria mere out, and ft., tbe,i2e waters-were dashed against thecliffs. Indeed It wn,.l43terY of musie could be "fully r..ind truly .written, todee'llad '* almostbe the history of man. Fro .the clash drOros tl- of rude-errnbals, and bang ad m 'boorn,of rude Wrete e,: 'while savag-t rushed upon sewage, or while ter.et;lntd .creatures 'ere tortured to death. -up -to the "eas ase 'healing of the works of Beethoven or Handel vateeciir:ilg >limey, diversified by incident, .and:ad- downt Y annumerakie steps of improvement. •To.sit nf ~..n 7 organ wag to take possession of the Testlits iatideo at nts. studies, dreams of myriads of workers '2terf.rce,:'"ee who had each contributed something to the ..4-70..44_11 of the, human soul, something to the enrich- - tia:"2_ hUman heart. As far back as thercould '-"Ittl ol Ory of their kind, they discoveveci that it act gat of so 1 for the .firrht to 1.. 0n1,4_, .me •sort to .rouse va our r .1g ht, Znsie' "1 40 nV. and re.rialate dance at the feast. ittis ,-,,,,1taa also enlisted" in the service of religion.. theP Dad.in meant a saag with an accompaniment ITAti..!ten.Yreue.....teat, the lyre was :played before psalms were 41T?t Dtcfrz:%.,-tale precedecl the art of writing, and Ow ear- Were musicians as well as prophets. Of ee he, -6 it was it the one which stirred the emotions of thtia a-Ictrotttnavtfoeli reetly: The sou*lptor contd only record mitneno, the c(o4g of his mind and leave his statues to di , *hitia Ilearer t n d sp-ectator. The-painter could approach i. tot ob tor__ music,for there WV-8 something in calonr teecialwao,,,7_ rrtrd sound. Even articulate speech did - ie. ,:e',oßodicechtly and so forcihty touch the isoucil ale 4,47:past utt'pruend i t Self iandsocnome tsoopnacy ss ht'i lv4atsormeliefilmones iraaisaed- ZSAIy alvtavea of emcrtier; ft; a multitucie of men such as ' eite. e? of the ' greatest oratois had ever been able to . eke fliong I AN the B brews the schools of the Prophets Behools of ''s ' '' • 'Ai,. to aro music, and a seer would call for a min- f", -Ntbe, use his mind to the attitute of prophecy, and was the home of orchestralaridvocatlia a art. I,Yrekii-c- as Mrstery in the mere fact of sound. t :44'01011g setir.!ng,or a reed,or the movement of theT vocal cause the air to pulsate in waves, and a • _ld strike against the ear-drum, and should he a ner tio e. a ti,re ve, was amazing. But how the vihra- k-snlv..a 'e became what we Called sound was an ),_setvp.es' Problem They o . TI h t Yet found the bridge ;"e a ise•rt ,s°l2l and bodyEverynsound they heard might 11ntie,) rninder that we were in a strange world and knew gLear olvoielt,e_Hved.and as we knew. only in part,so did we (.14* or i,'„Li P +rt. There were rates of vibration too Dto'tZ I:apid for the comnass of their ears,notes too r) I)ge irtstit° high to be audible to them and a slight e ttsibl„ s WOilid open a new world. It might be "ti sti e' Lc) hear the grass growing out of the earth' the oscopic cell tell lit nf Micr • - ' t f s, and the clash of contact o Deafness was only a question of degree, 1 kl cl theta the w.orld's sounds we* psnly un- i

UGUSTUS SALA he had of Bronchitis and "The Und of the Golden

tif 'leece," imys :—" And in 'articular a couple of A11,,r ,,r • wk's Poronk Plasters cl ap ped water between the shoulder Lades—soon set me right in," and the above re- \ . i :ks are contained in his ;ter to the Da tly Telegraph. . Allcock's Plasters instantly stops all Aches and Pains, &mot promptly relieve and cure SpramsandStrains,Lumbago, c Sciatica, Rheunidtism, Rup- tures, Bronchitis, Asthma, and all affections of the throat and lungs, a.cting directly on the tissues and dilating the pores of the skin they soon show their healing power, and justify all that has been said in their favour. The popular name and just fame of Allcock's Plasters has led to shameful piracy by un- scrupulous imitators, many of the imitation plasters containing Lead and Cantharides (Spanish Fly), involving serious risks that should never be permitted, unless under the direction of a medical man; it is therefore necessary to ask the public, for their own safeguard, to see that they get the genuine ALLCOCK's PLAsTERs. ILLIxOcK's of all Chenliste, from is. lid, each.

Iffillo.immilimMlN.

.

•

1 . , , • ' 'tr i ,t 4 , I, . ,t

I

GEOXIGE A n• to an Attack inna on his way to 14" P, CJI on an bl. agai, -xnax' 2ett

vefenin Ak,tl

===== 0002601_18940512_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
heard ,and what were now discords might be harmonious to ears of ampler scope. Music was the very voice of the , Christian Church. The hymn that was sung in the upper room at .Irrasalena nearly IGOO years ago,before the Lord went out to agony and betrayal, was the prelude of the ever-increasing harmonies which had celebrated His name and glory,and the redemption of humanity through His humiliation and death. From that hymn had grown the present wealth and glory of music, and its very en- richment and development were a tribute to His cross and passion. It was said of Luther by the Papists that be did them more harm in his songs than his sermons. Let them learn his power. It was not only by the very artistic but by the homely and hearty praise that they would best sustain worship. Praise should be the out- come of Christ's Dower in the. heart. Too much attention could not be paid by choirs to their work. The praise portion was of the highest interest, and those whose voices were tuneful should seek to render their due meed of help. All choirs and congregations had much to un- learn and yet to learn. The praise part had often been left to go cri its own legs. But it was not always so,and it was not so now in all places. When choir and con- gregation understood more Mlv than ever that praise was comely before God,that it had its own distinct place in the eervice,and that its faithful and harmonious ren- dering was inspiring to men and women,a new era would begin.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT

,VRIDAY.

In the House of Commons on Friday evenirg, Mr. VERCENT asked further-questions respecting the import into this country of prison-made goods from Germany. Mr. MUNDELLA aid the Government were inquiring into the matter, and further remarkea that an agitation was going on in Germany against the competition of orison labour, and the German Government had ordered a full inquiry into the subject. The debate on the motion for the second reading of the Registration Bill and Sir E. Clarke's amendment in favour of redistribution was resumed by Mr. •GIIAMBER- LAIN, who said the real authors of the bill were the leaders of the Liberal professional organisations, who saw their advantage in a change which would not be to the advantage of their employers or the country. There was no anomaly touched by the bill to compare with the great anomaly of the present distribution of seats. The Government knew where the most glaring evils were, and all they had to do was to insert4s, provision in the bill taking away 23 members from Ireland and giving them to the other portions of the kingdom. Mr. JOHN MORLEY ,closed the debate. He said the Govern- ment were not bound by anything they did last year t.:, admit that the4risli representation ougtit to be reduced. unless Parliament altered the whole system of Irish government. If we were to have redistribution, we must have it thoroughly. On the division Sir E. Clarke's amendment was rejected by a 32 to 278, and the second reading of the bill was agreed to without further division.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
MONDAY.

In the Hous,,e of Commons on Monday evening, on the order for the second reading of the Budget Bill, Mr. J. G. LAWSON moved that the bill be read a second time that day six months. Ile said its crovisions would injure every man in the country who occupied a yard of land. Mr.,l3oNson seconded the amendment. He said that in no instance did the interest oßtrewers' capital, after deducting goodwill, exceed 7 per -cent, while the interest earned by the large binks averaged in per cent. If the increased beer duty was persisted itT, the brewer would be compelled to resort to the use of the cheap foreign produce known as raw grain. Mr. EVERETTIES a farmer and small landowcer,congratulated the Chancellor of the Exchequer on his;just and fair pro- posals. Mr. LONG, OG behalf of the agriculturists, opposed ithe Chancellor of the Exclivuer's proposals, arid Mr. SEAW-LEFEVRE defended them. The debate was adjourned at midnight.

In the House of Lords Lord Hear of AVALON called attention to the state of the navy, and advocated addi- tional shipbuilding and an increase of officers and men. Earl SPISMCEIt declared that the Government were fully alive to the importance of this subsecr. He thought it was not for the advantage of the country that they should make public the whole of their scheme in ally one year. At the present moment we were suffering from the competition of other nations consequent on publicity of intentions as shown by the annual navy estimates. Steps had beea taken to increase the number of officers and men.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
TUESDAY.

In the .House of Commons on Tueeday evening Baron F. DE lICTIISCIIILD called attention to the systematic trading in watches and jewellery by unlicensed agents of L'anclon, Manchester, Liverpocl, and Birmingham dealers,..and Sir W. Eleueouta promised to have in- quiries .made with a view ta putting a stop to the practice. Sir G. TREVELYAN answering Sir 1. STEWART, said it did not appear to be likely, in the state of public busi- ness, that the Government would im able to introduce the bill rela.ting to the Church of Scotland mentioned in the Queen's Speech. Mr. ..A&Z,IIITII in reply to a question put by Mr. BattmEy, said he could not state when the second reading of the Welsh Disesta.blishment Bill would be taken.

The debate on the motion for the second reading of the Budget Bill and Mr. J. G. Gitanifs amendment for the rejection of the bill was resumed. Mr. BARTON said the new beer tax would mean a reduction of the profits of Irish brewers by something like 4-0 per cent. and Mr. COCHRANE said the burden of the liu,.lget would fall un- justly on Scotland. Mr. GOSCHEN criticised the several proposals of the bill, and on tha subject of graduation he denied-tiat the authority of the economists was in favour of the principle. Sir Louis Mallet, a good Radi- cal, had, he said, described graduatien as an economic heresy which had threatened the foundations of society on the Continent, yet this heresy is now the foundation stone of the Budget of the Chancellor of the Exchequer. Mr. BUXTON said they had heard a great deal regarding the agricultural interest, but they haq,h,ard no objec- tkin made tattle Government proposLls affecting settled personalty and urban realty, which were mu3li more seriously affee,ted by the bill. Mr. .C•ciLLINGS said he should vote for the amendment. Mr. •OLIAPLIN asked the House to reject the Budget—" perhaps " he said, " the most iniquitous Budget of modern times." Me debate was adjourned.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
WEDNESDAY:

In the House of Commons on N.Vedneidar Mr. FARQU- HARSON moved the second reading of theillniforms Bill the object of which, he said, wag to regulate the wear- ing of military and naval uniforms, atpresent used tor advertising purp)ses (as by" sand wich--men' ") and put to other objectionable uses. Mr. Campbelli-Bannerman, while regarding processions of" sandwich-men " in mil- itary uniforms as a scandal which showld not be per- mitted, said the bill as it stood appeared to be too strong for theobject itsought to accomplieh. He thought however, that the-subject required looking -into. Even- tually the bill wac read a second time and preferred to a Select Committee. Mr. STRACHEY ria,-)ved the Second readiug.of the Out- door Relief (Friendly Societies) Bill, empowiwing Boards of Guardians to gt relief to persons in receipt of pecu- niary aid from friendly societies, without any reduction in respect of such friendly soeNty aid. MI. fin,Aw-LE- • PCVBE said he should support the second reading, hut he suggested that the Committee stage should be,,pestponed till the report of the IRoyal C.minission on ,the Aged Poor was issued but Id the Royal Commission did not report before the enci-of the seNsion he would endeavour to pass the bill. The bill was read a second time. Mc. CODDINGTON moved the second reading of the Rating of Machinery till, which was supported by Sir A. Hickman, Mr. Whiteley, and Mr. To-alinson, and opposed by Mr. Leighton, Mr. S. Evans. Sir J. aoicev, Colonel,Kenyon-Slaney, and Mr. Everett. Mr. Shaw- Lefevre left the questioizito the judgment of the House. He hoped the bill would become law. Sir R. Webster, while sicpporting the second reading, expressed a hope that the,bill would be referred to a Committee which would go,into the question -of definition thorou,glily. and Mr. Mather, also supportikg the bill, said they could not do better than send it to a ;Grand Committee, because., although it had been discusged for four years and four divisions had been taken on it, it remained in the same position. On a division the •second reading was carried :by 210 to 1. T ) the motiem made at the close of the sitting, that the bill should he referred to the Standing Commit're on Trade objection was taken and the motion had stand ouer.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
EKAMINER SA_TURDA IC, MAY l2, 1894.

WARRINGTON.

MR. T. J., DOWN'S MILITARY BAND. Mr. J. T. Down has lonsentsd to occupy the band stand, with his military band, numbering 50 instru- mentalists, on Thursday evening, May 31st.

THE CHARGE OF ST. GEORGE'S MISSION. The Rev. G. B. Thursts.n, M.A. has been appointed curate-in-charge of St. George's Mission. He is a scholar of Pembroke College, Cambridge and was formerly assistant curate at Sutton, St. Helens, where his work was very successful.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
ACCIDENT TO A LOCAL ANGLER.

A. somewhat serious accident happened on Satur- day evening, to Mr. C. Basketer, of Milner-street, a well-known and ardent Warrington fisherman, while engaged in his favourite pastime at Rossett. /t appears that while moving from cne spot to another he slipped, and in trying to save himself fell with his leg under him, breaking it below the knee. He was conveyed home early on Sunday morning, and is now progressing favourably.

PREFERMENT FOR THE REV. RICHARD APPLETON,

OF PADGA.TE.

The Rev. Richard Appleton, brother to Captain Appleton. of Bruche Hall, Padgate, and fellow and tutor of Trinity College, Cambridge, has been ap- poioted to th. Vicarage of St. George's, Camberwell, about to be vacated by the Rev. Norman Campbell. This is the parish in which the late Rev. Arthur Appleton officiated as curate until the date of his death.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATE SICK CLUB.

The balance sheet of this club for the year 1893 has just been published. The balance in hand on the 31st December, 1892, was £242 163. 2d.. and the members' payments for 1893 amount to £2B 9s. 91., and the total income to £277 6s. 11d. Payments have been made for members' sick pay and on death of members during the past year amounting to £2l 35., and there was on the '3lst December last a balance of 1.255 is. 10d. in the hands of the trea- surer.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
INCORPORATED SOCIETY OF MUSICIANS.

Mr. F. H. Crossley, of Warrington, was amongst those who attended the hundredth meeting of the Incorporated Society of Musicians (North Western Section) which was held on Saturday in the Adelphi Hotel, Liverpool. There was a fair attend- ance of ladies and gentlemen. Mr. J. Dawber, Mus. Bac. Cantab, of Wigan (founder of the society), presided.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
EFFIGY OF"THE LATE LORD WINAIARLEIGH.

The effigy of the late Lord Winmarleigh, which is being placed in the Parish Church, by the ion. Misses Wilson-Patten, is now finished, and a capi- tal reproduction may be seen in the first number of Messrs. Cassell and Company's "Pictures of the Year," or the " GraphiC's" reproductions of thi:. year's Academy pictures. The recumbent figure is in white marble, and is the work of Mr. Bromley Adams, pf Landon. It is seven feet long.

,P.S.A. MEETING. The meeting of the P.S.A. society held in the Young Men's 'Christian Association Rooms on Sun- day afternoon, was presided over by Mr. T. S. Kent. lie spoke of the necessity of acquiring knowledge and the duty of every Christian to use his attain- ments for the good of others. Mr. W. Beswick gave an earnest address on the " Character of Joseph and the lessons Of his life." Mr. Hurst contributed a recitation from Mr.-Gough's orations which was well received. Mr. H. Barber also took part in the meeting.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
OM AN RECITAL AT ST. PAUL'S CHURCH.

An organ recital was given in St. Paul's Church, on Tuesday evening, by Mr. 11/41artin Schneider, of Liverpool, in aid of the fund which is being raised to enlarge the vestry, which has long been found to be utterly inadequate for the accommodation of the clergy and choir. There was a large auditory, who thoroughly appreciated the admirable programme which was•gone through. Mrs. Mather (formerly Miss B. Fanshaw) who was in excellent voice, sang several sacred solos. The collection realised £4 7s.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
:MINSTREL PERFORMANCE.

An entertainment was given on Monday evening by the Bank-street Mission Minstrel in the National Schools, Church-street, in aid of the build- ing fund of St. George's Mission. The Rector (the Rev. F W. 'Willis) presided. An excellent pro- gramme was submitted, songs being given by Messrs. J. W. Taylor, George Caldwell, E. Butter- worth, P. H. Simkin, F. Harding, A. Simkin, T. Hayes, W. Grey, W. Dennett, G. Warburton. Messrs. Gray, Bancroft, and Harding were highly amusing in their knockabout sketch. Mr. P. H. Simkin and Mr. A. Jowett gave admirable instrumental solos, the former on the concertina and the latter on the piccolo. Mr. J. W. Jowett officiated as accom- panist.

FM-MK-COXING DEPARTURE OF THE REV. A. V. C. H ORDERN.

The "St. .James' Church, Latchford, Monthly Magazine" in a reference to the Rev. A. V. C. Hor- dern, curate, states :--" For a long time it has been an open secret that his ambition has always been to become an Army chaplain, and now he has at- tained the :first step towards the fulfilment of his wishes. The Chaplain-General of her Majesty's forces has appointed him to the post of assistant chaplaita at Gosport, a suburb of Portsmouth ; and he is to leave for his new duties at the end of this month:We shall all miss him very much,and though of course we hope soon to have the services of an- other curate, it will be a difficult matter indeed to find one who will carry on the work with the whole-hearted .-zeal which has characterised Mr. Horderia, or one who will so quickly endear himself to every class of our people as he has done. How- ever, though .we shall greatly regret his' departure, we.shall 'eel that his promotion is richly deserved, and he will carry with him our heartiest wishes for his happiness and success in his new sphere of la- bour amongst our soldiers."

===== 0002601_18940512_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
SEMOITS FIRETN GOLBORNE-STREET.

Information was received at the Fire station at 11-25 onWalnesday last wee::,that a fire had broken out at the basket and hamper manufactory of Alderman Hutchinson,.Golborne-street. The build- ing is a three-storied one and the upper storey is used as a workshop by Mr. Mawson, tailor, of Sankey-street. The brigade, under Superintendent Turner, at once proceeded with the hose cart, and in a short time were playing on the flames with two powerful branches,from hydrants in the street. There was a good supply of water and after two hours' hard work the fire was got under control. The second floor and a large stock of baskets and hampers were completely destroyed,as were also the contents of Mr. Mawson's workshop, which con- tained a large quantity of Tfinished and unfinished articles of clothing. Unfortunately Mr. Mawson's loss exceeding .Elsoi notcovered by insurance. The damage to Alderman Hutchinson's stock, and the property will be considerable. The main body of the brigade withdrew about two o'clock. and two firemen were left to watch the premises. At about half-past two the fire broke out again, but it was soon subdued by the men in charge. The steam fire engine Major was also kept in readiness with steam up in case it should have been wanted.

INTERMENT OF THE LATE INSPECTOR HODGSON. At Grappenhall Church on Saturday. there were interred the remains of the late Inspector Hodgson, whose painfully sudden demise was reported in last week's" Examiner." The Rec. B. B. Prescott, vicar of Christ Church, Latchford, ofN2iated. The chief mourners were Mrs. Hodgson (widow), Mr. W. Hodgson (brother),Miss A. Hodgson (daughtdr),Nlrs. Wormall (daughter), Mrs. Brown (daughter), Mrs. Craddock (daughter), Mr.G. Wallington (brother-in- law), Messrs A. and F. Rathbone (nephews), Messrs. H. and J. Craddock (nephews), Mr. Brown, Mr. Wormall, Messrs. John and Joseph Todhunter, Mr.''A. Rathbone, Mr. Horuhy Rathbe•ne and Mr. Critchley. The employes of the London and North-Western Company present were—Mr. Hinton, Mr. Brncklehurst, Inspector Smith and Inspector Grundy, Crewe; Inspectors Starkey,Wat- ford ; Butcher, Rugby; Grenham, Heaton Norris ; Gri ths, Tyldesley ; Ray, Lancaster; Starkey, jun.. Edgehill ; Messrs. Marshall, Warrington ; Peters. Wigan; Brookham, Wigan; Mackenzie, Garston ; John Poole, Garston ; Sub-Inspector Donge, Warrington; and Sub-Inspector Stephens, Heaton Norris; Mr. Wright, Warrington ; Dr. Cannel!, Mr. P. Peters and Mr. T. Ireland, Latchford. There were also about 80 members of the Warring- ton and Edgehill signal departments present,includ- ing the following, who acted as bearers ;—Messrs. A. Nish, J. Monks, S. Halliwell, E. Rotherham, J. Wilkinson, J. Molesdale, J. ()tikes, and J. Unsworth. A number of beautiful wreaths were sent.

LOOK TO YOUR HEALTH Sufferers from Gyavel, Lumhigo. Piles, Pains in the Back, Dropsy. Wind and Water Complaints. Diseases of Kidneys, Bladder, Urinary Organs, Stone, Meet, Stria ture, Sciatica, Rheumatism. and Gout, will find a positive cure in Holdroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box, and If not satisfiedyour money will he returned Priee 13 Of all chemists, or past tree for 12 stamps from Hor.n- AOYD'S Medical Hall, Cleckheaton, Yorks. Don't be put off. If you cannot get them write to the Proprietor, and a box illl be tout Rost I:vit.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON MUNICIPAL FINANCE.

A REJOINDER FROM COUNCILLOR SHAW GREEN.

THE QUESTION REVIEWED.

As there were so many points of difference be- tween the opinions of Councillor Shaw Green and those of the gentleman whose views we published under the title of" Municipal Finance; some critic- isms and suggestions," an " Examiner" reporter this week again called upon Councillor Shaw Green to see if he would like to add to the argument he had already advanced. Mr. Green said that in read- ing the article of last week, he had not found any- thing to alter in the slightest degree, his previous views. "We both desire the same end," he added, "though we have widely different ways of looking ' at and approaching it. In venturing some further replies I should like to clear the ground somewhat. The gentleman whose views you published,to whom for brevity I will refer to as Mr. 8., advanced four opinions :—(1) That the Warrington Corporation should lay a cable roadway. (2) That the Corpora- tion should at once take down the buildings in the narrow streets, widen the same, and erect new buildings on the sites. (3) That the Corporation should • consolidate its debts and get the tire ex- tended for the loans to run,and obtain the money on cheaper terms. (4) That the rateable value of the property in the borough was too low. "In seeking to:prove his opinions, Mr. B. makes certain statements which,l ventured to controvert, and I regret that some of them re-appeared in his views last week in an aggravated form. Mr. B. also makes what I look upon as charges against the Corporation of not being wide-awake to the require- ments of the town, which everyone is proud to re- cognise' is growing rapidly, and also of wanting skill in the conduct of the financial affairs of the borough. Had he stuck to and argued in favour of his theory of the Corporation putting down a cable track, I would not have ventured to say any. thing, but I felt that it was proper that the ratepayers should have a definite reply clearing up some of the statements from one of those entrusted with the care of the finan- ces. To refer to the proposition as to the trams, I repeat that at present it is not possible for the Borough to undertake any such duty, and there- fore I hold that I am correct in describing the pro- ject as more of a pleasant dream than a possible reality. I admit that some day, and the sooner the better, it will be an actual reality, and I hope to live to take part in bringing it about. Nothing that I have said can be construed into suggesting that steps should not be taken to widen our streets and improve our chief thoroughfares. The rate- payers know how we have been looking ahead, pur- chasing property here and there as opportunity offered. Our policy is a forward one, but of a wise and careful character. Some people say we are go- ing too fast now, whilst others say we are not go- ing fast enough. Let Mr. B. look again at our annual statement, and calculate what it cost to widen the lower half of Bridge-street, and then let him ask himself whether he would face the rate- payers of the borough with a demand such as his scheme would require. I can assure him and all others that Mr. Alderman Wright and his com- mittee have these improvements constantly before them, and if some kind friend would make the town a present of £50,000 they would soon prove that their plan was ready and only awaiting the money to put it into operation." "There is the question of the consolidation of the debt." "Let me clear up first the argument referring to the borrowing by the Corporation. After my clear statement I was surprised to see it brought up again. I repeat in unmistakable terms we are not borrowing money at 31 per cent. We are borrow- ing for the present at ..E3 2s. 63. 117 c do not lend moneg at tzll and the comparison between buying iron at per ton and selling it at .E 3 is altogether beside the question and positively unfair and mis- leading. To make the matter so clear that it need not be referred to again, the very small sum that we have had to invest is put in consols not willingly but because we are required by the Government, and the same apflies to the savings of the Police Superannuation Fund. We would much have pre- ferred taking it upon our own bonds but we were not permitted. "The next matter I want to clear up is the state- ment that the Corporation is altogether too gener- ous with the ratepayers money. The story that embellishes this statement is very funny but not appropriate. The Committee has gradually reduced the rate of interest without cost and inconvenience and it will continue to follow that safe course. It would be easy to make ducks and drakes of our finances but to those who know what finaneing means a wise policy is always a safe one. We are told that people would be glad to invest their money at 21 per cent. Would they? Stockport last week issued a 3 per cent stock. Why did they not issue a 21 one if people are so ready to invest as suggested? Why did not Liver- pool and Manchester and other towns do so? Nay, can Mr. B. point to a single Corporation as an illustration. Then will he be pleased to tell us how much Stockport Council paid for the issu- ing of their stock, we :litios,v something of these matters, and I think the ratepayers will trust us. I pointed out that we are now engaged upon a scheme for the consolidation of our loans with the intention of issuing a debenture stock. Surely this ought to be sufficient for the present. We shall have to go to Parliament and we expect to deposit our bill next session." " What about the annuties?" "I stated that a very large part of our capital indebtedness is the capital value of the gas and water annuities. As to the latter, Parliament has fixed the maximum redemption value, but with respect to the gas annuities it is not so, for with every reduction in the rate of interest these have naturally increased in value. I said the Corporation is fully alive to the ad visibility of redeeming these for it is well known we have been purchasing them whenever we had the oppor- tunity," "But Mr. B. says these can easily be effected by a special act." " Yes, so he says; but it is not so easy as it looks. Parliament will not take the view quite so easily as it is put. In consequence of there being no limit fixed we shall have to make such arrangements for

their redemption as Parliamentwill sanction. Some people go so far as to say that Parliamentwill make no arrangement but we are sanguine enough to be- lieve it will. The matter is not new. It has been discussed in the Council and I had the duty of sub- mitting the resolution that we do go to Parliament for power to compels the owner to sell and this will be in the new Bill."

"What about Mr. B.'s reply to your observations as to the time allowed for redeeming the cost of the waterworks ?"

" I repeat emphatically my statement that we made a big fight,and as I was present, I speak from knowledge, and I venture to say that I differ as to any ratepayers thinkinglwe made a "remarkably small one." The House of Commons was the court, and we as the app:icants got all we could, and we got the terms of repayment as well as the time so arranged that we were well satisfied with the re- sult. When we go again we shall have full infor- mation as to what has been done elsewhere, and we shall strive for all that ought to be got." "With respect to the rateable value of the borough: have you anything further to add?" "I do not question the statement that there may be here and there an odd case of under-assessment. I question the application of the "rule of thumb" against actual results based upon definite informa- tion. I say whatever the general statistics say it is elsewhere, and if applied here, Warrington ought to be so much, is not worth consideration when the actual letting values which is the only basis of valuation, is ascertained. Our Overseers and the Assessment Committee have every means, even the help of the income tax assessment at their com- mand, of getting true information, and knowing them as I do I ventured to say that this town, though low in a general rule of thumb estimate is assessed upon its letting value." "But an instance of under-assessment was ad- duced?"

"The illustration is as unwisely chosen as it could be. Opinioms differ, and differ seriously as to the way in which public-houses should be assessed, and I would commend the illustration supplied by Mr. B. to the attention of the Assessment Committee. I could myself supply other similar cases, but all of them that class of property. "Just a few words to sum up the whole matter. I fully endorse everything relating to the geograpi- cal position of the town and its possiblities. Igo further and say that the congestion of our streets must be grappled with—that the bridge over the Mersey must be widened; that the level crossing at Wilderspool should be altered. The two latter be- ing almost as important as any other part of our improvement schemes. But will a rate at present inclusive of the water rate equal to 7s. Bd. in the X,. I submit the time has not yet arrived, that it is coming, and that we are making ready—anticipat- ing the day—l wish all who read this answer to accept."

WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH OF WARRINGTON. Week ending 28th April, 1894. During the week, which was the 17th of the current year, the following births and deaths were registered : Births. Deaths. Warrington 25 20 Latchford 5

Total 3O 20 The excess of births over deaths was 10. The death- rate from all causes was equal to 18.5 per 1,000, against 20.2 the average of the previous four weeks, and against 23-5 the corresponding week of last year. The death- rate from the seven chief zymotic diseases was equal to 0.9 per 1,000, against 3.1 the average rate of the four previous weeks. and against 1.8 the corresponding week of 1893. The ages of mortality were- -0-1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-60 60 up. 9 2 1 6 2 20

The deaths included-1 from diarrhoea. 3 from tuber- cular disrease, 6 from lung disease, 1 from brain disease, 1 from kidney disease, 2 from debilitc. The following cases of infectious -disease have been reported during the week :—Scarlet fever 3 cases. eut9ric fever 3 cases. Patients in hospital 28th April, 43.

METEOROLOGY. —The mean temperature was 49. Fah. and therefore about the same as the preceding week. The maximum temperature 60 F., was recorded on the 26th inst., and the minimum temperature 36 F., on the 27th inst. The rainfall measured '55. The general direction was S.E., the reading of the Anemometer denoting 310 milos.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN H. GORNALL, Medical Officer of Health.

MINERS AND THE WAGES QUESTION.

MEETING OF TIIE FEDERATION.

A special meeting of the Executive Council of the Miners' Federation was held in St. Martin's Town Hall, London, on Wednesday, to consider the Scot- tish wages question. Mr. Woods' M.P., vice presi- dent, presided, in the absence or Mr. Pickard, who had started for Berlin, and there were present Messrs. E. Cower, W. Parrott (Yorkshire), 0. Haslam (Derbyshire), W. Bailey (Nottingham), E. Edwards (Staffordshire), J. Haslam (Derbyshire), J. Williams (North Wales), T. Ashton (secretary), J. Glover (Lanca- shire). J. Weir (Scotland), W. Whitfield (Bristol), A. Stanley (Cannock Chase),and J. Batchelor (Coal Porters' Union). In accordance with the instructions of the Scottish Miners Federation at their meeting at Glasgow on Tuesday, Mr. Smillie, of the West of Scotland, re- ported to the Executive that the coalowners in that dis- trict had demanded a reduction of is. per day in miners' wages, and that in Ayrshire 7,500, in Lanarkshire 27,000 and In Mid and %Vest Lothian 500 men had received notice and had come out of the pits. After full considera- tion of Mr. Swillie's statement the Executive agreed to advise the leaders of the Scottish miners to enter into negotiations with their employers with a view to the withdrawal of the notices for a reduction and in the meantime a general conference of all federated districts will be convened to consider the reply of the Scottish coalowners and the wages question generally. Prior to the Executive meeting a general assembly of the delegates appointed to attend the Berlin Conference was held, and arrangements made for 23 delegates from the Federation to start on Thursday morning from Charing Cross. The Federation delegates are hopeful of securing the adhesion of the International Conference to an international restrictive policy and the eight-hour day.

SPEAKS FOR ITSELF! HUDSON'S SOAP. SPEAKS FOR ITSELF Established over 50 Years Present demand Greater than SPEAKS FOR ITSELF! ever. (2.;

===== 0002601_18940512_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
Written by a A COrY , . a London hospital. liipiaornee GI • ~i this rook Will be sent to each user of LIFEBIJOY SOAP who sends hi.,-; or her ns.rrt and ailrcss and is LIFEBUOY SOAP wi-apptri, posta,za Cr cnrriag-e. paid, to LEVE,Z, !-;:-Z0.1".1'..3,Z.5, I..imit.mt, Port Suni!ght, near Birkenhead. (I)NTLN•I'S —Thi, MISSING DAG : A Cl mplete Stcry— INTNODUCTION TO TliE ' SCRET OF !IPA I.TII . WiF. TO I I omE Ni; ,s, No —(; 11l Ori TO NURSING /14 I NFECTIoUS I LI.N E,SI:S °LIR PLITY To OR N EH:Wt.-It,— CHM., RA : Flow to Prevent it—SrEctAL CHATTER—A Woßu OF ViAitt.i...,G—Sl'..:K DIUT, AND FVEDING THE SIC!: —US..I-..H. HINTS 1,,,R lIFIADS of, FAMILIES.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
From the foregoing experiments it will be seen that the Lifebuoy powerful disinfectant and exterminator of the various germs and microbes of (Signed) KARL ENOCH, am. Bygion. Inst., Hninbuig.

;ayal Disinfectant Soa,

MINIii

===== 0002601_18940512_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
LYMM.

TUE PROPOSED FORMATION OF WARDS.—The Cheshire County Council have decided to send a committee to Lymm on the 24th inst. to hold an inquiry at the Tech- nical Institute, Bridgewater-street, to take into consid- eration the proposal of the Local Board/or the division of the district into four wards, and for increasing the members of the Board from nine to ten.

DEATH OF MR. HUGH CAMF.RON.—Mr. Hugh Cameron, of Lymm, died at half-past two on Tuesday afternoon. The deceased gentleman had been ailing for about seventeen weeks, and had during that time been attended by Dr. Wright. of Broom Edge. On Sunday he had a relapse and became unconscious, remaining so until his death. For seventeen years he was a member of the Lymm Local Board, and for eleven years officiated as chairman, in which latter capacity paitieularly he rendered valuable services to the ratepayers. He was agent for the late Mr. J. C. Dewhurst for 25 years in Lymm, and seven years in Scotland. Mr.Cameron,who was highly respected and well-known in the district,was 58 years of age, and leaves a wife and two children. THE LATE Mn. DICWHIIRST'S WlLL.—Probate of ,the will, dated January 30th, 1894, of the late Mr. George Charnley Dewhurst. of Beechwood, Lymm. Chester, and of Aberuchil, Comrie, Perth. J.P., and of the firm of G. and R. Dewhurst, Manchester, who died on the 14th February last, leaving personality of the gross value of £357,859 Bs. 9d., and of the net value of £268,853 4s Bd., has been granted to the executors, his grandsons George Littleton and Harry Dewhurst, of Great Marl noroueh- street, Manchester, merchants, and his son-in-law Jas. Cosmo Melvill. of Great Marlberough-street, Minchester. merchant. The testator bequeaths to his wife £2.000 and an annuity during her widowhood of £l,OOO, to Mrs. Jane Ilavidson £l,OOO, to his son Robert Henry £2,500, and upon trust for him £70,000, to his daughter Mary the use and enjoyment for her life the house at Lrmtn, occupied by his agent, to his datmliterc £5OO each and amongst them his shares in the Brills Oxygen Company, and any other shares in oxygen companies, to all his grandchildren £250 each, in trust for his daughters Annie. Bertha, and Alice £4,500 each in ad- dition to £lO,OOO each already settled in their favour, and upon trust for his daughters Marc. Edith. and He'en £43,500. Mr. Dewlmrst, bequeaths to his grand- son, George Littleton Dewhorst £3,000, and lea vies to him the advowsnn of St. Peter's. together with the site of the church, the schools and the schoolmaster's house, and the honse at present occupied by the inneinh-nt. By a will in the Scottish form, dated October 17, 1892, the testrtor left his Aberechil and the Scottish estates upon trust for his son Robert Henry, and his first and other sons, and he left all the residue of his Eielish property in trust as to one-fifth each for his grandsons, George Littleton. Harry, Gerard, Cyril, and Willem Dewhurst, with special provisions for the retention of his capital in the firm of G. and R. Dewhurst, in which they are partners.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
- -

POSTAL INFORMATION

POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON-.

LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES.

Sewing the the time to which a Letter can be posted. with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Haltperbny Stamp.

With Or- dinary Footage up to

lWith Extra Halfpenny Stamp up to

===== 0002601_18940512_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
2-15 a.m.

4-0 am.

8-15 a.m.

5-30 a.m.

6-30 a.m.

8-55 a.m.

9-30 a.m.

10-0 a.m. 10-10 a.m.

11-10 a.m.

11-30 a.m.

11-30 a.m.

12 Nooa 1-53 a.m

1-50 p.m%

1-0 p.m.

1-25 p.m.

1-40 p.m.

E 45 p.m. 2-30 p.m.

2-45 p.m.

3-0 p.m. 3-15 P.m. 4-0 p.m. 4-30 p.m. 4-40 p.m. 5-45 p.m.

6-0 p.m.

615 p.m

9-30 v.m.

10-30 p.m. 11-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
INo extra fee,

Ditto. .

Ditto. Ditto. Ditto. Pitt*. 4-45 pan. Ditto.

INo extra ft

10-45 p.m.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOW.N AND .NEWTON.

I lIF:AD OFFICE ... High-st., Newton. POSTMASTER Mr.Jarues Jordan. Hours of f Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Atte flee. 1 Sundays 7to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5.40 p.m. The Telegraph Office is open CM Week-day from 7-30 a.m. to. 3 p.m., and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST. —Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-34. 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m.,12-30, and 3-30 p.m.

LIST OF DESPAICEIEN. Showing the time to which a letter can be posted with Opeli- nary.Postage, and with an extra half-penny stamp.

ordinary Postage.

1 Extra lid. Stamp.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0055.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
5-0 a.m.

10-30 ~

===== 0002601_18940512_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
10-35 a.=

2-20 p.m.

RECEIVING HOUSE, SUB-OFFICES, In WILL LETTER BOXER,

ARE CLUIIIED IS FOLLOWS:-

RECEIVING HOUSE— *Earlestown

SUNDAYS.. 4-30 p.m..

S Ul3-OFFICFS - *Ashton Collins Green *Golborne Lowton

9-55 n.m.. Nil. NIL 4-55 a,m 10-30 am

Stilbsli:tvr Cross NV iliw icic .

*War grztve

WALL BOXES Crow Lane. Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway StatiOß (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction Church-st„ Golborne Legh Street. „ Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place)

Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil.

NE. 10-15 a.m. Nil.

Parcels are despatched from the Receiving Office at Barks- town at 9 a.m. and 6 p.m.; from all Sub-Offices at the same time as letters.

TOWN DELIVERIES AS FOLLOWS 1-

I To 1 I Callers. I P 4

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, and Foreign London and the South Frodsham, He!shy, & Lyrnm Manchester, S.-Bast Lancashire, YorksP!re, Durham, Non t hum herland, and Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool, Birkenhead, Southport.Prescot. Wigan, Orm s- kirk, Widnes, & Earlestown Lhndon, Foreign, and the South Midland Counties & South Wales Preston, North Lancashire, New - ton-le-Wil.ows, St. Helens, and Chester Manchester London and Foreign, South, S.- Rastern, and Minland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland Glasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, It Chester London and Foreign, South. S - Eastern, Midland, Northern, Eastern Counties, & Lancashire Croft, Padgate. IVoolston, Stockton Heath. and Stretton London & Foreign, South, and S - Eastern Counties

7-0 a.m. 10-30 „ 10 45 ..

7-0 a.mn.

}II3O „

)-n-Se A.nt.

I I- 12-0

12-15 p.m.

2-15,. } 3-15,, 5-30 pan.

345 at.

6-45 a.m.

1 Next day.

Tbr, If oval Laundresses say Critchley's "STARCH GLoSfl is unequalled for imparting a beautifnl finish to starched ttLe., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr. —, Corn- wall. says :—*. My wife will not finish our linen without your " Starch Gloss.'" From Mrs. —, Bradford : "Dear sir,— I am plmsed to inform you that I have tried many so-called Starch Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It should he used in every house. Bold at Id., 3d., and 64.„by most starch sellers. If not in stook will procure it. 2'. BlAck• burn, P:oprietor.—ifdrt.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0057.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11-19 „

245 p.m.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0058.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. 4 '

===== 0002601_18940512_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
Cht "Cramincr " rit

Os Lallo.iiitr= AZD OnEsirnsZ Courri NEWSPAPYStb ComPrbes Ta'Plisrfgton and Mid-Cheshire Examiner, pub- ilhed every Saturday morning. THE Ear:estown and Newton Examiner, published every 'Pedal! afternoon. TliSt. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, psblished every Friday] _gternoon ; and r i ILE Widnes Exeminrr, published every Pride'y afte:noon • PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. amen under the following heads are inserted in ALL the above-mentioned Papers for ONE CHARGE, lopes* traln given below.

SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LiST, SITUATIONS VACANT, F WARTED, APARTMENTSWANTED, MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT.

MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. , HOME& AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. One Three Six Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 .....!, Os 6d ... h ad ... 2s Od ET. .... ... Os 9d ... Is 10d ... Ss Gd 36 45 54 The alive charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No, ltK.Yer- tlsement Inserted on credit uder 28. per inse, tior..

===== 0002601_18940512_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
Moiritgtt Oettantg,

GoaD'SRSVANTS WkNTED.—Miss•TRIESTLEY. Register Office. 28. Waterdale. Doncaster.

WA:eltrO, Good GFNIItAL to wash and iron. Rnother girl 'kept.-101, Katherine-Bt., Ashton-nnder-Lyne.

LAMES and all respectable Servants suited at 01)C0.—Mrs. JalltisoN's Re-try. 1, Prince's-st.. Wellinv,ton, Salop.

IVVAMED, a resp,..;:table 16 or 18. to do light housework.—Apay, Mrs. BARTON, 29, Mar4et Place, Hyde.

A -St LECT RIM-15'1,1M for SRHVANTS.—Ladies quiekty ta?ited.—Hrs.:Elta. ItlC3 TON 'S Registry, Alroitn-bt., Han, Zity.

WZNTED. OmDa GENIARAL St• RVANT, coed ,lianteter. good wage.....,diven.--LApply,2„ Birkley-st.,StonVholme, 711urttIty.

11NGAGED,'Co6ks, 110 u rer also r pod Mrs. ALLL.R...ti, Hestry. 7i,iauldethrad, lea.Powfield, -Mant:aet.ter.

Y liy 'llr),ll4l'S .4ITY.TrATION las 'Housekeeper or _ A- Compnn, -wlver..e girl is ktt..t.—Address H. C.. 27,

Lytn-st.,

'WANTED. 'Go Ad IiZITCII Et-GENERAL also Nurse- Housemaid. ,i.Experienced.—Mn. IL LviARER, South Frodsaiam.

To SP ETA L trait Nnrsesit nt oulsotr4 le shortest notice. U. —Ace.. Irs. CRUP.IMEANK. 24 imod 26, Battnor-st.,, Cot nbrook lEatthiictt,s3r.

GRNERNE, 'WANigD. strung, for family of six; lake? Nurse. aged7lit —Aopl v between: k and 8 p.m., Mrs. Scott% 13ank.'Timprte:.

COOK WANTRD at once ; everyttirg found; no kitciteii.: maid ; four iolamity ;,totlr incwor ,servants, wages Miss Wootr;,,,aliim,raleigh; liddbury.

NATANTW:O, eti€P7C GENERAL, i oung Generals ,tnr V pite-an4l uhcl referiness rtquired.—!B &MEIN. Okurt.4l--sL. i.tegistrysOffice;'BOLon.

WANTED. 'SYIVATION s working 11 ousekeeprr, by resqst •middhp.seged rieracw, good references.— Address. 1L.„,4,3:47/411.1a.n, i2t3wton-le_witlows,

1100 K (*rood pii-lo) WANTED Irnmkytliately ; family tts.res; / • buttarmikmg frorn 'Ytwo cows ; refereneesi.--Mr3. Chw.h AsOmf.Newporl-4-Salop.

A LL Clastoati ,vespectatAe- SRRVAIVIS are waiting 10 be entrtak I; ; uty oladv cari, be au'Ard at once.—Apply to Bcow, Egg try ,02:_ee. MadOey, Salop.

'WANTED, hISIIATION as Grre:. under Coacher:lm, •or stcity.dg"Ns.kihniatt ; three yefia' good character ; zge 'levertgti'Manor, Mansfield.

ITISS High Class REGlSTRY.—Ssrperior .13_L Seraearli,F7prorpritla4sirteci ; eras and Pla.miCoa3hs 'Wanted ti.rone.illit•ely,4.lGl Irlam-sAvaA, Warrington.

R.tiII3PPER has on her books waiting for eituatiems .131_ PtainAJ.x>k arid Site.er wit=trix;- to go together. Aimit -Generals and 11ottL,2rnatEltk.--ttegistr7 Office,Burton-on-Trenk,

NvANTI3D. Cl64ks,. estrttrieneed,,euld plain. 1-lonse.snaids. Wairrrtfsel,.and si.twlngmsti4e, Generals, all clacseg of servants. Mad e: ey, Shro ca. 13‘3XTON--W7tATED.Tt oneftmsTiAin C .oks, liettsfsmaid, waistet,ses. pod Generals. and Kitchenmaids., -pli le and priv.de. 'Good .roft.Lences.—Al,,o FRISBY, Le,gistr.v, Bridge-.t.

WArc,LAT EvD. Valrd:Pi44,:nl3.rostni 14, t:1)1 ffotrn,:ihc, .rt, • iiut have good.elmr 44,1.--1111'31-J.S..SOCUT, Rock View, Alex:in- sira-rovi,

.GENERAL Si R.17.41,71T .:(goo.l)ie.;vkont 20, wAnt ;able In wash anti 44-E,pta n...."(yr•king;,:calary £3; eound.ry gkrl preferred .—.1tvg,015., or,akiximia..,w4tti.• references, 47, (ens- .l3la,icurr,

NAT AN t' 1,1). g6.mt strong (IF.NEILI.I. S N.ILVANT. akont:-24, nble tn z and ,cla•phor. colkinit ; sal.trr .611 . -country ,Iktric7. J. lionsos. Cometery House, Urte

11(7 -ANTED. ior H rrofrat,:,.6 evere.i tV,1411 GENERALS!: •twi I', ex pacto4n oed MiNS;?3,S, stria]: families ; two .good HOUSEMAIDS wagps trom -R.12. to X. 20 —FutLaleb Serf; ,evants' Regitrtoy.tG and 20.‘,APAert•st.. HarrotratA.

1 ALE wed Mft1a..16713 .17URSFO INSTITUTION, 70; 11'1 Siverpor.Z. —.Tate). 1878.—For W-tendante. Xer.,621, 4410C641 an4.lE4mtely 4nrs. Kamp; ,olapply or tele,sravf •` iiwwwrs," Livemool. 1 e len hone. 6 IC. k

===== 0002601_18940512_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
7orsf,sZ, earts, Dogs', sri

&ORE STIOCCMORQ. +zORE WI.CKS. &c., quickly, MIMI) -131•TiONDY2S+FLUID.

telreterinary floo4: 'free f P 14121 6;1., rnmi:l-Street. R. C. Illoree4 sufferiug fv,an ,wounds,cuts,e,brniges, broen knee,: eeektuk d heels. g•coise, o, • Spenzsli..'CUßED in a few known ,by !bathing the oqrt,‘ affected ...with Condy'a .(dnoter),l noirxwibiap,htir ero,w wUer. rubt ed off. Priore,; :13 ex.. 1 : 20 cm 2,. of stlieebemis,a. ICAOTHRINARY W34YEdree containing full directions far; di.-a•ses lf Dog., &c. • from C 01% DV'j IFIATiril c(i s. 61. Turtimiil-strz,,tt, London. BC.

Fr p E. imp -8 a vIOIM 0N 8 ' COLCZE 13 IgIIDERS, 6, SLATER-05REVI, •LIVIDIZOOL. High,eass CARRIAGES at Moderzte•Tclices. Good Stoek to,stiocs 'irorn. Estimates °for Repairs givan free. The beat erk c. SecaratGood Second-Mad Erol:Allanle isdK4aUS Victorias. Wiarne4o.s. and Phartone.,novrier,Sale.orriiiire.

200 R teiwrs' c.rts. v4ns, floats, lox civet., ' eo.L) wazont. ladder.—W. M. JOHNSON, 11, Liver- pool-rook:. Manclie,ter.

TIOG OWNERS' Name- .and Addrees Fpgraven One ,%116,149g. Dog Callgwv ler •Coal ,*.ealers Labels wholesale and ret.ii —H ALL. '5l. foradlse-staevt. Liverpool._ II&FtNaS2. Set platei Co* Elarne.s. good 'condition. 50a.. eesra?., boys' saddle and bria.c Mi. S 1 side saddle and GIBSON. The IVillaave.-St:oudv,Ciloucester- shire.

1011LBASUBCoCARRIAGES BUSINE...SBN.VBIIICLUS, of eo.;-ary.aitscription. /nada tociater,,on innat,reasonahle term!. Dravricga and ~ti.r.ates free. An,now,,work writ- ranted I?. monti.e.—GILBERT 114. ilaozlor4.ld-street. Birmingham.

r BB SQLP.e,brough death of osvner., ,three„npe-horse L WAG ONEIiTES, reversible; three one4horse WAGON- ETTES. realavableikeads ; one Victoria Phaeton, ,;v4li hood. snit invalid; sevevil sA.. Single and Dotiele al:o , :three long Riesel cheap.—Apply, Waxtcorr, rStarr Store. It evtowt. Wigan.

ilOWS—Deater dtzesto calve, 'mond prize. Oub'in Show, N..) April. Two Dexter heifers. nearly two years .cam- imerided at, silo.. Two Kerr) s due to calve, one commended ganfi reserved at am • , deli v,rett free at Livol..a l. Seen at !igivmerset " Mickroek. C.ninty

HORSES 1 HORSES I! HORSES!!! All colours, sizes, aud prices.—To Tradesmen and others,—To sae money and time and avoid the ,well-known risks of fake and auc- tic,nskend getting a werthless and useless horse for 3 our husii' stess.„•yur cannot pouits'y cl.c better th,n to to W. PARICiM WQ(jk.l•.6 TO 16, AI NSWOUTH-STRERT CO PPERAS-HIL.: LIVAIIIVOOL. where vu eats hive one on hire or trial. with• A vieuriro purchase. Hirers for long or short periods liberally,' dealt w¢;111. Fresh arrivals w•ceiay of young and useful Izorsesl cobs, figdsmni-s. suitable tor al2 purposes. Horses bought or exchanorce.—Note the addzioes,

•T" 4PAILHARAIONICI.IIWS, HOPE-STREET, .L I V Eit POOL. .-FIIOPRIETOR:ItICHA.E.D WHITFIELD. jji cABRIAGiI, hitel Mit,TCHING HORSES. HAUNS„ COBS, awl PONIES always on SALE. Horses of Ail d-:scriptitALs always 4,fi hire by week, month,

or year. Special tfr,rmsdo hlerHeal and other firofessional men, who can be furnishell with complete equipa4cs, including coach- man, at, moderatezharges. Superior welliventi:ated boxes and stalls fLr livery and baits. Special accommodation tor th. reception ,and tale-keeping of thornugh-brA, ar4 V.ort,es in tpt,n4t. RICHARD W whi tt, thankaag the Nobility and Gentry o' Lancaiitire,for the support sith which they have hinerto ravoureiprrdsegs to inform tm that he has opened the above spat:iv:l, premises, where his btlFine2.B will be more conveni-ntly co.r, on, apd trusts to 'merit a con- tinuance of their kiwi p.!trorsge.

i 1 'ORRIS'S TOLU AND 11051 EL II .0-1 - Thci,itiily Cure for cotes, Coughs, I Bronellitis, &c. I FACTS. -i MORRIS'S TIC-CURE PILLS I The only Cure for • I NEURALGIA., TIC, AD TOOTHACHE.

M. ()Rills. CUR 31 I T ALRXANDRA rfbiD. :I,I43;OIIESTER, and all Dealers.

:W ANTED. steady PIAN. aa Soar, Roiler.—ldtkress, o. 13, " Examiner" Office, ti7;areatown.

NArANTED Sunleit Soap Wre.ppers. 2d. a doaen,given et V Silver Brooell for 93.—IIIILLARD, Lang,ey, Chippeaharn.

.ilatrthonp.

D '•J,,. iefQ LLIS BROWNE'S zefiLORODYNE THU OftiGl442, AND ONLY GENUINE.

CIIILORODYNEje;admitted by the Pro-fe-t:sion to be the most isTondviil and valuable remedy ever as- eovere.t.

CLORODYNE is tt(l2e best rPmerly known for Coughs. Coneasziptio,n. Bronchitis, and Asthma. CLORODYNE ealtteLaally checks and arrests those too often fatal.clis.ise.scs.--Diptheria. Fever. Crown, &Wt. (r.LORODYNE acts a charm in Diarrhcea, And is the only specificiiraCholcra and Dysentry. IIg„LORODYNE effectual-17 cuts short all attacks r.f Epilepsy, Hysteria. 'Pa'Veution. and Spasms. CLI4,OIiODYNE is the only palliative in NPUrtil.: gia. Rheumatism. Gout, Canon-, Too, haelie, Meningitis. Le.

CAREMOUGI-I.—SW IFT'S 4Private arid Boarding- House.--Jorrii t. 1 WIFT. ProprMor.

RASESEY, ISLR OF MAN.—NE ar rea, C'6. Waterloo-road, to LT Furnisbed.42 entertaining, 4 bedrooms.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
Jt.:_.om Dr. B. J. Bouta..o:f ifortmahtle.

We have made pretty exter-teiv:e af Chlorodvne in our practice lately, and look upon it 5t.;141 exf!ei!ent ;Urea 6ecl4- tiva and An-spasmodic. It ocean W *Hay pain trfid irrita- tion in vihr.tever organ, anti trcirn Ar.hatever cause. It induces a feeling of c•nitort and 4u-14A }i4146 giot obtainable by any other reme4y. and it seenis to {Amelia thii great advAn- age over all oth.,r Sedatives ; that, it leAvais no uupleaaant after effects.

Earl RusselLommunicated to the Co liege of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Mqjeollis Consul at Manilla. to the effett that Cholera I.ad beau rag:ou f,arfull), and that the ONLY remedy of any s-rvice was CHLORO- DINE."—See Lagce2 . Ist Be:tember, IBC4. CAUTION.—BEVIARE OF PIRACY AND IniT- ATIONS. Carrfox.—Vice Chauaellor Sir W. Pd.GE WOOD ,itNel that Dr. J. Co4us RaowNz. was. undoutamdly. thn InyertOe of CHLORODYNE " and that the story of the defenctaut razr4- MAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to aaj , Aatl been sworn to.—See Tirtes , kls J").y, 1E64, Sold its bottles at is. 2s. 91.. and 4s. Si. None is genuine without the words 'DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE " on the Governwpt Stamp. Overwhelm. Ing Medical testimony ac.contpanies each b3ttle. SOLE MANUFACTUREYM . T. DAYRNVO4T. .or,!.g g2gsvii-st.. Bloomsbury, L0r.u20.7, I

WICK POOL. —Park Rouse, Chremont Park, facing the sea; baths, bißts.rds —TARIPE on application.

RAMSEY, ISLE Of ittAN.—Mrs. KNEALL 2A. Cottrzg- roaI,APAIITIIENTS near eea. park, golf links.

OLD FARMHOCSH—BOard anCßesidenee, near sex and golf links.--TRoPaiErnEss, Sheringbarn, Norfelt.

Otorap.

(~:iIrEDDES',..S DANDELION C OFF Et

Tlie beat, and cheapest *wet offereti to atm I'nhUf7., Id by all Grocer* an,?. Ilrnggi.ste. in Canister 104— rind ed each. 4 g'holoeale by J. G)Z. I-404 Werrini tgn,

ON SALE, MANURE WORKS, Widnes, and Gas Works and Cotton Mill, Derbyshipe.—Apply to J. HOSKING, 16, Fenwiek-Street, Liverpool.

46 DARLOUR FOOTBALL."—A new game of skill on 1 Association Lines. Board, Men. and Ball complete, 113.3 d. p st, tree.—LkwsoN. I, Foyle-terrace, Dublin.

WMRS AND SPIRITS. Cheapest in Manchest li Pr, quaty ton •itlered.—G.M.4ol4lE, 11, Victoria Br due,

4W-10[16 'Love Letter, Six Fanny Photl,raphs, Six k...) IdaOc 'Cards. 12 penny stamps. —HYANts. Admiral Phicp Vinem- -at., Hull.

Q MANG, Family sTORYTELTX RS charming tales,four L-7 Is. sa. fr. e. 32 novels is • Argosy 1381 2s. 6,1. free. Abboyhey. Gorton. Manchester.

WHAT DO YOU CARE ABOUT FINASICE when your Liver is out of order ? Notting at all. But HENRY M. ASHTON'S TONIC LIVER PILLS wil, aler the. They are purely veg.-Wile. They are worth tiyhg. Md. amit is. per box from 63, SANKEY-STREET. (ocpositc Legh-street),

THE EXAMINER kr ORKS, BEWSEY-STREET, V 4 IRRINGTON.

SPECIAL ATTENTION paid to Neatness and

Eleganco lo PROPECTUSS, Pl:Oqll.l%.llgES,

TO BO SOLD, for £4, Humber Solid TY MACHINE.—AppIy 26, Winwiek-road, Warrington._

-- THE OLD-ESTABLISHED BASSI NETTE NVAREH 01181' Beware of spurious imitations. The best and chgair'", Carriages in the town or district. (No connection with ani other firm of the same name.) , Sankev-st Warrington,\V" • AfaSel-tiu'lre°ro'7 of Bath Cliaic, Ihssinettesntustic UO3, ,tc., of the best materials and workmanship. on premises. under personal supervision. Well-tinished Bassinettes from 255., warranted to straight. Mail Carts. 'Lrleyele Horses, Doll Cirriages. Ag.en for Sewing Machines. Wringing and Washing Machiur" %V 0 RES :---BEAMOL,T-bTREEP. THE

eir OEN GRIFFITH'S CYCLE CORPORATO

LIMITED.

411 CASTLE-STRE ET, LIN RETOOL..

HAVE 200 CYCLES by Noted 2.l4kers in STOCK. LADIES' SAFETIES, ROADSTERS, ROAD RACERS, TANDEMS /ND TRICYCLES PRICRS FROM £lO 10s. UPWARDS-. Cycles hired by week, month or season. REPAIRS, SUNDRIES. RALEIG HS, TRIUMPHS, NEW RAPIDS, RAGLANS, SPATIKBROOKS. TRENTs, P.s Telegrams " PNEUMATIC LIVERPOOL" TELEPHONE No.bV

_

• '.*,'t.7-.:%,'-..-4,,:-.; ..- ••• ~..„,.i:.:*:..!.r:,:-.' -.-'o..!;':"'•.t.-',;!:::-•.:;'

.. I , , ' • • 1 1 --- 01115tral fitstritintntg• ...,...,..,, "lAPITAL Two-manual ORGAN; new ; flue 21„0, i tone. splendid pitch pine case.—ALEX. YOUNG 'An builders. Eldon-st.. Manchester. , tt.(ll6° 40 1 , .0 ! di° &< , ~ . t u•es,• Q"'

1 .:-. '2 •,., pricw•• c r

v -`1,..1:1-Z:1;: • • •

I

I

===== 0002601_18940512_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
,

THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY MAY 12. 1894.

Oalts br pritmte EreatiL

28s. 9D

GUINEA GOLD NVEDDING RINGS. a present with eseh.

'air 5 bp I,9rtbatt Erratp.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
'A.RTINERSIIIPS

.oalts bp 2urtuan.

By MR. THOMAS SUTTON.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
MANCHESTER

BOYS' SAILOR SUITS,

With Flannql Front, Lanyard and Whistle, Badge and extra Linen Collar, complete,

3/11 TO 18/- BOYS NORFOLK SUITS,

With Full or Loose Bottom Knickers,

With Loose or Full Bottom Knickers.

7/6 TO 21/- BOYS' TWEED FANCY SUITS,

In a variety of Styles for hard wear,

4/9 TO 15/-

/Et Worateds, Vicunas and Serges for best wear,

6/11 TO 21/-

BOYS' DOUBLE-BREASTED

REEFER SUITS,

With Loose or Full Bottom Knickers,

& 105 HORSEMARKET STREET,

WARRINGTON.

d-, • u CK AND kjo.. Limited. IXDIA RUBI3ER & PURE AS33ESTOS GOODS. LEATHER BELTING. roan AND COTTON PELTING LACES. &c. Guaranteed quality. Lace, Thread, or Copper Sewn, or CEMENTED ONLY. 33°N FIDE MANUFACTURERS. `2, Chapel Street, Liverpool. Also at 35, Market Street, Manchester, London, Car4iff, Newport. and Dublin, LEATHER WORKS. LIVERPOOL.

„,7 .7,4 f 40' \,.•, . , . '

•

TAILOEING, AND CLOTHING DEPOT. THE Proprietors of THE Keen., hare always ende?iv4:ared to give the BEST POSSIBLE VA.LUE THAT CAN BE OBTAINED FOR CASH. Transacting business on a LEVIATHAN SCALE. onoribined with greiit experience of the Woollen and Tailoring Trade,,, they .are in a imsition to offer altogether RXCEPTIONAL adyartages to the PUBLIC. THE SHOWROOMS at THE I‘. are fully stocked with ar. amazing variety of NEWEST GOODS for the SEASOE, and the Proprietors feel sure an inspoction (which is cordially invited,) will afford ecoivincing proof, that for SMARTLY CUT, GOOD:- FITTIN G GARMSNTS, Tne M.C. D. are PRE-EMINENT- & 10 HORSZMARKET STREET. _

- -inET VII ARRINGTON. T H E READY-MADE CP _ • DEPARTMENT contains an enermous Stock of the New- and Most Fashionable Garvis in spefAally selected °LOTH'S, at astonishingly low Deices.

GENT'S TWEED SUITS, FROM 18/6 -TO 45/". TROUSERS, 6/6 TO 13/6 In all the newest patterns of Scotch,irish, West of Rag- land, and Yorkshire Cloths. A Choice Selection of Tweed Cheeks. Stripes, and Fancies pannockburus, Cheviots, Sasonies. Homespuns, and the newest Tweed and Fancy Worsted Steve Trouseriugs. always in Stock. TIIE M.C•D•I endeavor to bring _by Careful Cut and Good Workmanship, the READY- .MADE as near as possible to the Standard isf MEASURE! -ORDER GOODS. 'GENT'S Black .(t Blue STILTS 21/•- TO 50/- Cth, TS L. VESTS, 19/6 TO TROUSERS, 7/6 TO 18/- tflFast-Dy,d Vicunas, Serges, and the latest Worstd Corkscrew, &c., bound Real Mohair Braid. Ai EIiEGES will be a leading feature this Season, Tka 21. C. D., have made a splenaid and vitHed collection of 1 these goods. IVJ OTWITIISTANDING the introduction of lie,w Styles in JUVENILE CLOTHING the Mi•o hesitation in saying that for • ~ Boys to the age of 10 years, the Norfolk , 'till Sailor Suits will take precelence. Special attention luta been gi,veii to these two styles, and they are being °hewn in e. large and Pleasing Variety of SCOTCH and IRISH TWEEDS, WORSTEDS,VICUNAS, &SERGE 3.

9/, TO 19/6 TriE ikI,C.D., SYSTEM of conduct,- 113 g business caunot fail to recommend itself to those deirons o° contributing a share of their patronage. All Goods are marked in plain figures. Special Orders can be ezefmted in three days. BOYS' RUGBY SUITS,

.

TLISIS FOR THE HOLIDAY)9

THIS has 14een a week of political The Politica.' unrest—in London at all events. , Situation. We phlegmatic provincials seem to take thirgs more quietly than the excitable Cockney. One of the metropolitan evening papers has been assuring its readers, and all else whom it concerned, that Sir WILLIAM HARCOURT was on the point of resigning his position in the ministry and retiring from the political strife. This an- nouncement does not seem to have had any more serious effect than to give the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER a little amusement in the midst of his arduous Budget labours. Sir WILLIAIt declared at the National Liberal Club on Wednesday that he was still alive and so far as he know was not dying, and, furthermore, that he had no intention of deserting the Liberal party. As ho said, he has a tough fight before him for he has to meet John Barleycorn both in regard to the additional six- pence a barrel on beer and sixpence a gallon on whiskey and the Veto Bill. But he is prepared for the encounter, and he may be safely relied Upon to give a good. account of himself. According to another of the rumours that have

-

tifistOis**o

been 'floated during the week, we have been in the midst of ;political "crisis" of the moet serious chazaeter. What was to happen was nothing leas ;than an immediate dis- solution ,ofteParliament, or at the very least the re- signation of the Government. And all for what? Simply hecanze the Government have had to face an important division on the second reading of the Budget, with the niee ParneOlite members vot- ing against ,them. But there is really nothing in this to reach :the dignity of eetieie. The Govern- ment has laid ielf out from theeheginning to meet important anti feitical division, .and the Parnel- lites have so often threatened :defection that now that they have finelly decided to .champion the in- terests of the whiskey sellers in !preference to oma Rule, their .ostility has 'been discounted and reckoned for. In all other reeepects the majority of the C-avernment is coeepact and , ,ue4ted. It is the same majority which was re- turreed less than two yews ago to earry.eKet a pro- , gran=e of reforms, e. Cargo part of whieh has as yet been barely entered upon. Until itle4s pro- granulite has been fully unrolled, ad tuntil it has either been carried ,out or it has been dis- closed beyond question eer doubt that the try minority in the Henze of Commons .aled the Tory majority in the House of Lord are eesolutely determined to veto All reform, the Qavernment and the Liberal party are under no neceasity to seek a fnesh mandate from the constituencies. A nd, as a ratter of fact, no one wants a diseolution just now—not even the Tories themselves,. The b itter hostility which, under one pretence and another, is shown towards the Budget proposals is instigated by the rich and privileged classes who control the Tory Party. Although the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER has attempted only in a very timid and tentative I fashion to apportion the burden of public taxes to the shoulders that have to bear it, yet he has gone too far for the wealthy people who have too long enjoyed an unjust inamuni ty. These people cry out loudly enough for an increase in the naval and military ermam ents of the country, yet when , the bill has to be paid they are dissatisfied and ' crumble because the whole cost is not thrown upon those classes of the population which, while least able to pay, are already taxed, directly or indirectly, out of all proportion with their means. Under the present circumstances there can be little doubt that Lord ROSEDERY has taken the right course in announcing as he did on Wednes- day that the Government intend to fight the battle to the end. Let them persist in treading the path of democratic legislation and administra- tion they have a lready fairly entered upon, and let those who will take the responsibility of thwart- ing the policy which there are many reasons for believing is cordially sanctioned by the country.

ARE we on the eve of another A Mysterious Manitcstatiou. Indian Mutiny? That is a ques-

tion which is being discussed in certain quarters, and a ome people seem divosed to answer it in the affirmative. It appears that there has lately been a rather mysterious mani- festation in parts of India, which in some respects is similar to the signs which preluded the out- break of forty years ago. At that time small cakes, known as chapatties, were distributed in a mysterious but singularly expeditious way amongst the dusky natives of the peninsula, and now the sign that has been observed by the authorities is the marking, or rather the plastering with mud, of the mango trees. As to the real significance of these latter marks there is a diversity of opinion. On one hand it is said they have no secular mean- ing, being more of the nature of religious ritual. Other interpreters say they are an indication of agrarian discontent. The most serious interpre- tation of all is that the marks are neither more nor less than an intimation to the natives to prepare for an uprising against their English rulers. The plaster is said to consist of mud mixed with the hair of the cow and the swine, and Dr. LEITNER of the lOriental Ijnivergity JPt Opstrues the mix- f, aro as follows: The mud repterfts !;1.-w • of Behar, the mango its productiveness, the Cow's hair relates to the Hindus, and the pig's hair or bristles to the Mahommedans, and the reading of the message is : " This soil of ours, whether be- longing to .Hindus or Mahommedans, is being. affected in its productiveness." If this be the correct reading of the enigma,the movement among the Indian natives is clearly agrarian rather than political, and therefore not likely to be so serious as the mutiny of 1857. At the same time if the latest telegram from Bombay giving an account of the mutinous condnct 9f some eQmptki of Bengal infantry be corn) ct, a state of affairs is developing in the great :dependency whicl.l will demand both wisdom and firmness in those who are in control there.

IF any one were to judge the state Subsidizing of thii; country by the speech which Landlord. _ _

Lord SALISBURY delivered in Wilt- shire he would come to the conclu- sion that the one suffering class in it was that of landlords. His Lordship spoke in a county which has the reputation of containing the most wretchedly paid agricultural labourers in the whole of England, yet all his sympathy was reserved for the landowners. He regretted the palmy days of Protection when rent rolls were swollen at the expense of the community, and especially of the labouring people, who had to pgy high prices for the bread they ate. In one ; respect he displayed more clear-sightedness than do some of his followers, for he declared that Protection is dead and that Free Trade is and must be the policy of this country. But he evi- dently regards the Tory Party as still an instru- ment for the advancement ,of the interests and priveleges of the landed class. As they cannot ,have • the value of their property fictitiously raised by a protective tariff he coolly suggests that they should be relieved of the, burdens in the way of rates that they have to bear. There is a candour about Lorrn SALISBURY that is beyond praise. He ' will have nothing to do with the democratic veneer with which some of his followers attempt to cover up the real policy of their party, With him as with the Tories of years gone by the main object is to aggrandise the landowners. This cannot now be done in the old rough and ready way by placing tariffs on the necessaries of life and by the wholesale grabbing of common lands, but it can be done in a more insidious though equally effective fashion by shuffling public burdens from the shoulders of landlords to those of traders and workers. When they were last in power the Tories did something in this line by their so-called subsidies in aid of local rates,.and it is quite clear from the tenor of Lord SALISBURY'S remarks that when they again hold office they will attempt to go further on the same lines. Yet, surely, if there is one class in this country which does not require State aid it is the landlords.

4111‘ • . •

===== 0002601_18940512_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
1

. , _

THE EX s MINEP, SATURDAY, MAY 12. 1894.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

ACCIDENT WIDNES. On Sunday, lad nainedArthur Ramsey, 7' yoars of age. ef 14, Lacey-,street, fell from a cart and was sfc„und to have sustained. a fracture of the left arm. lie.ltgaS conveyed to the Accident I:lpital and attendtid •ky Dr. Hutchinson.

A WELL-KNOWN cgarteCTEß, 'EUN'CORN POLICE C.CILIEO. At the Runcorn Police . Court ,on Tuesday morni?g, before Messrs. Speatman and. J. Norman, Harriet ' Baxter was sentenced to three months imprisonmentfor: being guilty of indecent conduct den the evening of the 7th iest., in Stone Hill-lane, Runcorn. PRESBYTERIAN 4tENIB.W.2SARY SELO-4ES AT RUNCORN. ' The anniveriary services in connection with the St. John's Presbyterian Church took p1a,.•,e,0n Sunday morn- ing and evening, when achmirablesermNs were delivered by the Rev. 0.1). Jones, (..*: Liverpool, The congrega- tions were numeroui, and Loth servie,ee wt re brightly conducted.

WESLEYAN ANNIVEESATOC 04UYICES A? ;RUNCORN. On Sunday morning and eveeing anniversary Services were held in the Mill Brow Wesleyan Chew!, Halton- road, Runcorn, the proceeds Meg in aid ef tile Sunday School connected with the ,Clia.pcl. Large zongrega- dons assembled, the pulpit being occupied .on each occasion by the Rev. W. Kendrevr, of Hull, butrmerly of Runcorn. The collections amounted to mace than '.R2O.

ASSOCIATION FOOT-4W, ,A 7 EuNconN. The Runcorn Association Football dub closed their season on the 28th April by a match with Weaverham St. Mary's at Runcorn which ended in a victory for tk.e homesters by seven goals to one. During the season the club itias played 23 matches, won ten, lost ten, and drawn three. The goals scored number 55 for and 65 against, The club's financial position is a satisfactory one, and efforts are being made to improve it aa well as to procure a more favourable field. CYCLING IN RUNCORN,

The Saturday riders of the Runcorn Cycling Club had their weekly spin on Saturday afternoons their destina- tion being the vitiage of Lymm. There was a good mus- ter and the run through the country was much enjoyed the weather being all that could be detired. Tea was partaken of at the Fleece Inn and an impromptu concert subsequently took plw,,e, The Wednesday run hsd to be abandoned in consequence of the very inclement; weather. A series of runs have be-en Arranged during the Whitsun- tide holidayv.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
INTERESTING LECTURE AT RI.7NCOII,Z.

On Monday evening a lecture was delivered by the Rev. Thomas Evans, of London, in the Primitive Methodist new schoolroom, Green way-road. There was a large attendance, the lecturer taking for. his subject the question of marriage. At the dos, of the lecture a hearty vote of thanks was accorded him on the proposi- t hen of Mr. Temperley, seconded by Mr. Thomas C ook. bimilar compliment was paid to the chairman, the Rev.pjr,elliti:w re dldeWilieToste' on the motion of the lettor r. 'rise d to the building fund. IF YOU WANT a reliable Is. 11d. pair of Kid Gloves, write JoNEs's 59, 6L and 63, Brunswick-read, Liverpool. Post Free.--See General Adverthement for other lArgains.--AcU..t.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
nguAININO PosilBSION Or LAND.

At Widnes County Court on Friday,before his Honour Judge Shand, Mr. F. J. Poole made an application on behalf of Mr. J. Mid wood to regain possession of a cer- tain piece of land situate in Milwood-street, 'Widnes. The applicant stated that in 1873 he leased his land in question to Mr. W. Priestnall, who in 1878 let it to Mr. J. Owen. Two years later, Owen filed a petition, and during the lignidation, the land was by arrang,ement vested in the official receiver. Applicant had received zo rent at all, and he had been put ta considerable ex- pense on account, of street making by the Corporation, There wa.s no oppok;itiog to the .applicatiou, panted.

,1 ANNUAL CLIJRCR PARADE Or VOLUNTEERS AT RUNCORN. On :tinclay the " F " and " G " companies of the 2nd (Earl of (hester's) Volunteer Battalion Cheshire Regi- ment attended divine service at Holy Trinity Church. At 10 o'clock the men congregated at the Drill Hall, and having been marshalled into order marched to the church, being preceded by the band. There were pre- sent, Colonel Ashton, Captain D. Ashton (in command), Captain Harrison and Captain G. F. Ashton, the chaplain (the Rev. Dr. Preston), Lieutenant Speakman, Quarter- master Sergeant Hankinson, Sergeant-Instructor Player, Colour-Sergeants Mort and Voole, Sergeants Woodland, Rushton, Joynson, Harvey, Edwards, Holmes, and Cooper; rank and file 48, hand 26, under Band Sergeant Outhwaite. The sermon delivered by the Rev. Dr. Preston was a most appropriate and powerful one, the , text being Psalm cxxxvii, 1, " By the rivers of Babylon there we sat down ; yea we wept when we reinentbere:l Zion." Subsequent to the service the volunteers par- aded back to the Drill Hall where they were addressed by Colonel Ashton who offered them his congratulations upon their smart appearance, good muster, and ' improved pace.

EXAMINATIONS IN SICK NURSING AT RUNCORN. On Friday afternoon in the Bethesda schootroom,Run- corn, about thirty ladies went through examinations on sick nursing .by Miss Watson, who has just finished a series of lectures on this most important subject. In the course of the proceedings the following comprehen- sive vote of thanks was unanirn ously accorded on the proposition of Miss Mack seconded by Mrs. Parkinson: —" We desire to heartily thank Miss Watson for her kindness in coming to Runcorn to deliver a course of lec- tures on sick nursing. They contained valuable infer- ' -Taints. imparted, so that all could understand affirm, 21,?9 rf?tiwka were accompanied by in,teresting. The knowledge thus gained will be ti:lrealcrti nlcie;llVil eisi rationictilllF9Ved very gUiti all of us who had the privilege to listen to the lecture.. Our heartfelt thanks are also due to Mr. P. Speakman, c.c.. and Major Hazlehurst, J.P., C.C., for being instrumental in obtaining the services of Misa Watsos. We understand that the local expenses risociated with the lectures—which must be considerable—falls upon them. We also wish to thank the Cheshire County Council, especially tho Technical Instruction Committee who are so ably assisted in their labours by Mr. Richard P. Ward, organizing secretary, under whose auspices the lectures were delivered. We shall be delight,d .tq oe favoured with a nsor tOVI,Uced c ourse at r,ij ctant

Viol.l WANT reliti&i Is.llld. pair ef Bid Gloves, write to JONES'S 59, 61, and 63, Brunswick- road, Liverpool. Post Free.—See General Advertisement for other bar6ains.—..4d,t. BOATMAN DROWNED kr RUNCORN.

Mr. Worsley. coroner, held an inquiry at the Runcorn Burial Board Office, Centel-Ty, on Saturday morning re- lative to the d,atli of John Hanson, 57 years of age. captain of the flat" Richard,' owned by Rochdale Canal Company. The evidence adduced was to the effect that the deceaged and his son, Beaumont Hanson arrived in the, tidal basin, Runcorn, on board the flat, at about ten o'clock on Thursday night. The son was told by his father to go below to rest,and said tilt t he would see him- self that the boat was properly berthed. The son accord- in2ly went to bed, but was awak,ned at about Vireo o'clock the next morning by a young man named John Inman shouting to him. Be got up and was surprised to find his father not on the boat. Shortly afterwards a boat hook, belonging to the flat was discovered in the water, and it.wai thought that the father had probably fallen into the water. Grappling irons were at once procured, and after a short time the body of Jihn Han- son was recovered from the water, not far from where the honk was found. Ara examination of the body was made by P.C. Booth, who found no marks of violence upon it.—ln reviewing the evidence the Coroner spoke of the necessity for the provision of public btths in Run- corn, and expres'sed his satisfaction that the sulT•ct had been taken up. He was of the opinion that should such a provision be made, there would be a considerable decrease in the number of persons drowned. The jury returned a verdict of" Accidentally drowned."

DAMAGES AGAINST THE LONDON AND NORTH-WESTERN RAILWAY COMPANY.

On Friday, at the tVidnes County Court, before his Honour Judge Shand and a jury, a case was heard in which Andrew Quinn. pig dealer, Moss Bank,. Widoes, sued the London and North-Western Railway for £2l 83. alleged dainage for the loss of three nigs, injury to a fourth, and loas of sale of twenty-six others. Mr. Valentine D'Arcy (instructed by Mr. C. H. Lewis) repre- sented the plaintiff, and Mr. W. F. Preston tho defend- ant company. The plaintiff's case was that on the 30th of December last, a consignment of thirty pigs for him arrived at the Collingwood Dock, Liverpool, from Dun- dalk. The following day (Sunday), the plaintiff's sun went down and took the pigs to the Waterloo Goods Station of the London and North-Western Railway Company, where the animals were put.intotrocks. lie was informed that the pigs would be sent to Widnes at four o'clock the following morning, but they did not arrive until the Tuesday morning, in consequence of which the plaintiff lost his market. for the pigs. When they did arrive three of the animals were- found dca,d in the truck, and a fourth one was so much injured that that the plaintiff had to sell it at half pric,,. The CALI ic! of death was stated by two experts to he duo to starva- tion, gauged by the length of time in transit. The de- fence was that the Waterloo Goods Stair-al was tinted to traffic on Sundays ; also that the animals wor.- sent to Widnes by the first possible train. With regard to the starvation of the pigs, it was held that t hero was pro- vender provided at Watertoo Station, and the plaintini son could have fed the pigs when there nit Sund:ty if In' had chosen. The Judge held that the plaintiff could not, recover for the loss of sale, as there wa a no epeciiic agreement with the complus, al to the delivery of tht, pits. On the ()tiler points the jury returned a vpr,..lH for the plaintiff for the full amount allowed hy law for the four pigs (2,2 'each). Judgment was entered for -.EIB and costs, and his Honour granted plaintiff counsera fees owing- to the questions of law involved.

RUNCORN BURIAL BOARD. The monthly meeting of this Board took place on Wednesday afternoon at the Cemetery, Runcorn, the Rev. Dr. Gastaldi presiding. The other gentlemen present were Messrs. Coleburn, W. Whittaker, and W. F. Salkeld, secretary.--;The Secretary's monthly report stated that the number of interments was 27, against 30 in the cerresponding period of last year. The fees received amounted to VII 7s. 6d., compared with £33 12s. Bd. the same month last year.— fhe Finance Com- mittee recommended the payments of accounts amount- ing to £2 ss. sd.—On the proposition of Mr. Coleburn, seconded by Mr. Whittakee,,the report and financial statement were adeptecl. IF YOU WANT a reliable is.. a4d. pair of Kid Gloves, writ• to JONEB.B 59, 61. and 63, Brun-mink-road, Liverpool. Post Free.—See General AdvertisernAs nt;fer other barigains.-441. BOATING CLUB VIM RUNCORN. The first practice of this newly-organised club took place on the river Weaver at Rock Savage, on Wednes- day evening. The members have secured two boats as a result of donations received from a number of resi- dents in this district. These include es each from Sir qiichard Brooke and Mr.Wm.Hayes £2 from Mr. Henry xeynolds J.P. ; £1 is. each from the Rev. Canon Malt- lend Wood, Mr. James Reynolds, J.P„Mr. F. J.Norman, 4'2.. and Mrs. Hazlehurst ; and 10s. from Mr. Imison. ,Richard has been chosen president.several gentlemen as xice-pre.idents, Mr. J. A. Smith, jun., treasurer and secretary, pro. tens.; Messrs. E. Kniveton, Erie speak- man,, Ernest Rowlands, F. Abel, W. A. Millinger, and B. West,, committee.

. ,

MIMMI

===== 0002601_18940512_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
UNRIDOE-STRERT GOSPEL MISSION, RUNCORN.

The anniversary services in eonnecti(;l3 with the above Mission took place on Sunday, when two sermons were delivered, one in the morning and the other in the even- ing, by Mr. Rote, of Liverpool, ex-president of the Free , Gospel Churches. On Monday evening a service of song entitled " Eva " was rendered by the choir, conducted by Mr. MoorAeld, the readings being undertaken by Mr. Backhouge, of Liverpool. The annual meeting was held on Tuesday evening, Mr. Chadwick occupying the chair. The report etatal that the Mission had an adversu balance, but that good work was being carried on in the neighbourhood, and hopes were entert tined that when the trade of the tows brightened, the financial condition of the Mission would improve. The meeting was after- wards addressed by tbe Revs. J. Pulford Williams, T. Caseley and W. Albert.

RC'SICORN MERSEY MISSION EXCURSION TO LIVERPOOL AND

NEw

From a reference to our advertising columns it will be seen that the annual excursion, in connection with the Runcorn Branch of the Mersey Mission to Seamen, will take place as usual on Whit-Tuesday when a journey will be made, on board the saloon steamer" Crocus," to Liverpool and New Brighton. The vessel will leave the Big House, Bottom Locks, Runcorn, at 8.30 a,rn. prompt and a call will be made on the way at the tiaining ship 1" Indefatigable," which will give excursionists fifteen minut2s to view this fine vessel. The fare is extremety low having been reduced to is. 3d; return. This small amount includes admission into the Sailor's Home, Liverpool, and by showing their tickets at the Palace, New Brighton, visitors travelling by Vie "Crocus " will he admitted at a reduced charge. The Mission drum and fife band will accompany the party on their trip, and at intervals will play selections of choice music. SMALLPDX AT Sr. HELENS.

The St. Helens medical officer of health reported on IVednesday that a severe case of smallpox has been discovered in a house in Pocket Nook, St. Helens. The man had come from Preston, where he had evidently contracted the disease. The man was at once removed to. the Smallpox hospital, belonging to *;', Helens and HtLydock sanitary authorit

===== 0002601_18940512_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLY POTATOES IN CHESHIRE.

Mr. Arthur Once, of Halton Lodge, Runcorn, began digging potitoe: on his farm on Thursday. This is exc,ptionally early and is a proof of the favourable seii,on which has been experienced. It uin3 he termed a record performance. There was a very early spring law-, yefir and then Mr. Stokes, whose farm adjoins that of Mr. Grice, seir. potatoes intlic UhesLin) markets on the 12th, .

NEW Id9c. 4/4 JDt7TfltitS. It is :,,attO that the old copper works at Bold, St. Helens, whia have been standing ifle since they were vacated by a firm of manure manufacturers, are about to be started by a company managed by a Birmingham gentleman, for the manufacture of steel tubes for locomotives. Notice, it is said, has been given to the London and North-Western Rail- way Company for the siding to be ready for use hy the 18th inst. It is expected that very shortly 500 hands will be employed, and this number may be increased. It is also interesting to know that bor- ing operations were on Wednesday commenced at Abbot's Hall Farm, Gorsey-lane, on the Bold Hall Estate, St. Helens. Some excellent seams of coal

are believed to exist at a great depth. The opera- tions have been ordered by the syndicate who pur- chased the estate, but on the discovery of minerals underneath it is probable leases will be granted to other firms to work them.

WIDNES PETIY SESSIONS. TIMUSDA.Y.—Before Messrs. J. C. Gamble and 'l'. Staple-

ton-Bretherton.

DitUNKIINNESS.—The following Were tined for this offence :—William Lythgoe, 37, Oxford-str-et ; Peter Lightfoot, Caroline-street ; and Robert Murray, 57 Nelson-street; and for refusing to quit licensed preinisei Michael D.ggerty was fined ss. and costs or ia default seven days. CHIMNEY FlHES.—James Doggerty and Fter Griffin were each fined is. and costs for having the chimneys of their dwelling houses on fire.

" REFUSING TO QUlT."—Mary Jane Wolstencroft, -fixed abode, was chareed with hawking without a license, and refusing to quit the Railway Inn. She also assaulted the police, and whilst in the cell tore off her clothing. For as9.9lting the police she was fined 2s. 61. and coos, and for druukt 2qc,l rou,hig to quit the' U4enpri premiseq, 194. and flicFr CoAL-scorge Washin4tort, Coleilte3 was charged with stealing quantity of coal from ths West Bank Duck, on the 9th that. Vrisoner, who had been four times previously convicted, was sentenced to one month's imprisonment.

STONE TnnowlNG.--RicTard Myler„Tolin Garry, Thos. Hogan, all of Vieoria.st., Petn. Power, Poole-st., and Gooree Proffir, Ztaroline-st., were each fined for throwing ston,---s tr tha Common danger on the Fair Ground on the lit May. CA 121) r LAY ING.—Frederick Bibby, 58 Ann-St., and George Underwood, 5 Mill-road, were charged with playing " banker "under the railway bridge in bower- house-lane, Widnes, on Sunday the 29tn April. The case having been proved, defendants were each fined is. and casts or in default se von days.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESBYTEItIANIS-M IN RUNCORN.

SKETCHES OF THE OLD BUILDING AND THE

NEW. • The valedictory services in the old chapel will be held on Sunday morning and evening as announced in our advertising columns, and at this juncture it might prove interesting to many Runcurnians, more especially those of the Presbyterian persua- sion, to know a little of the past history of the old building, of which they are about to take a last farewell. The chapel was erected in the year 1818, and was connected with the Countess of Hunting- den's Chapel, its services being conducted on a similar principle to that of the Church of England. Raving been instrumental in doing a great amount, of good in the locality, for thirty years the chapel was transferred. in May,1849, to the Presbyterian denomina- tion, the Rev. William Roberts, D.D., Holyhead, un- dertaking the pastorate. After a successful ministry of six years, the Rev. William Roberts accepted a call from the Welsh Church in New York to take over the pastor- ate. He was succeeded by the Rev. John Davies, of Kenchester, who remained for nearly three years, and was the means of doing much good work. The Rev, W. Evans, M.A., was the next minister, and he laboured !for his flock with considerable success for about eight years. The chapel house was built during this gentle- man's ministry, and has proved of great service since. ' In 1867 the Rev. EvantWilliaEris was called to labour amongst his Presbyterian brethren in Runcorn with whom he continued to work for more than a generation. Since 1849 the church, year by year, gradually grew stronger until in 1872 the yearly grants which had been made were not required, and the church thus became self-supperting. In that year the building was reno- vated and re-seated at a cost of £345 ; and in 1881-82. two new classrooms were built, and other improvements effected. In 1887 the Rev. Evan Williams was forced to leave Runcorn for Australia, but in the summer of 180 the Rev. J. Pulford Williams, the present pastor, visited the church, and the congregation formed such a high opinion of him that they asked him to take the over- sight. He consented, and his since laboured zealously for the cause with much success. For seine time past there has been a general feeling that new and more commodious premises were urgently needed. This was occasioned bi the unsuitability of the present buildines, both as regards structure and posi- tion and the lack of accommodation,the room at the dis- poBal of the Sunday School being especially inadequate for its growing needs. Considerable difficulty was ex- perienced in. ohaining a suitable site, hut the committee have at length been fortunate enough to secure, at a reasonable cost, a plot of land facing Victoria-road, one of the new and most important thorone,litares in the town, situate in the midst of an increasing population, whilst not too far removed from the inesent premises. The church in course of erection will seat €5O and the school premises will aeeommodate 400, in. addition to which, class rooms will be provided for the senior and infant scholars. The whole scheme, inclusive of the land, is estimated to cost about £4,500; and the enthu- siesm with which the matter has been taken op augurs well for its success. The congregation however, is com- posed principally of the working class, and an earnest appeal is therefore made for assistance.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
THINGS HEARD AND SEEN AT RUNCORN.

BY OUR OCCA.SIONAL CORRESPONDENT.

--- The controversial question of keeping the Ship Canal Company to their original promise to con- struct a graving dock at Runcorn, instead of allowing them to forego it, and spend he money in another direction, is still claiming the major por- tion of the attention of the traders in the town. It is understood that the General Purposes Com- mittee, in whose capable hands the matter has been placed, have, up to the present time, received no reply from the Directors of the Company. The opinion of the carriers in Runcorn, as stated in a previous issue of the "Examiner," is that by ex- pending the money in the extension of lay-byes and warehouses at Weston Point would prove a, more powerful inducement to trade than the con- struction for a graving dock. Then when the trade had returned to the town, money could safely Ite spent in laying down slip ways and other re- quirements for the repairing of vessels. This view certainly appears at first sight rather feasible, but judgment must be reserved until a little more con- sideration has .been krought to bear upon the matter. The shipwrights in the town are indeed deserving of sympathy. Before the construction of the canal there were several yards on the banks of the river fitted up with all necessaries for the re- pairing of large vessels, and these were the means of employing more than two hundred workpeople. Then came the construction of the Ship Canal which swept away, in its route, all these yards and slip ways, a promise being extracted from the Company to construct a graving dock as a sort of compensa- tion for the devastation they had cause,d. Of course,the shipwright's trade has consequently con- siderably diminished because there is no provision for the repairing of large craft,and as a result blips are driven to other places.

Whatever might be said to the contrary this state of things is to be regretted and the shipping com- munity of Runcorn express the opinion that, if the company are relcased from their promise, and spend the money in other works, the trade will receive its death blow. This side of the question will, lam sure, be treated by the members of the General Purposes Committee in a disinterested manner and they will probably not lose sight of the fact that some prominent shipwrights state that a sum of from £4,000 to £5,000 would be amply sufiicient to meet their present requirements in the form of a good substantial slipway, eliotild the idea of a grav- ing dock be ahundonr_4l,

A rumour has been circulated, and has had the effect of darkening many prospects, that the United Alkali Company were closing their works at Whit- suntide for a term of several weeks. The general depression of trade is known by almost everyone and consequently such an assertion as the above, found many believers. It is, however, with the greatest of pleasure that I am able to state on good authority that such a cessation of operations will not take place, but that the holidays will only last throughout Whitsun week, work being resumed on the following Kniday.

An old Runcornian chancing to visit the Runcorn docks within the present week would not, have failed to have been struck literally by the large number of vessels loading and discharging therein. The docks presented quite a busy scene which was a reliable evidence of the steadily increasing trade of the port. This will be very welcome news to many and it is to be hoped that such a state of thinp. \via continuo, awl that the dark clouds of depression which have been hovering above us for so many months witl ero long be displaced by the bright rays of prosperity.

Whitsuntide is again upon us and the opportu- nities of pleasantly spending a ;lion relaxeion of , duty are many and various. At the time of writ- ing the prospect of having a bright Whitsuntii.l,2 is very uncertain, rain having fallen for the greater part of the .week. However, let us hope that that mysterious and neverseen individual, the clerk of the weather, will resery e his copious showers for a few days in order that those who are able might have an opportunity of enjoying themselves. The railway companies are as usual running cheap ex- cursions to many of the most prominent and favoured cf pleasure resorts, and there is every reit- Son to believe, that should the weather be tine, many will take advantage of them. In Runcorn, the customary processions of friendly societies, arid Sunday school children will take place on Whit- Monday ; the former in the morning and the latter at noon.

The auspicious occasion of the opening of the Manchester Ship Canal by her Majesty the Queen is near at hand. This being so, it might prove of interest to state that the Runcorn Improvement Commissioners have received an invitation from the directors or the cornpAny to attend the ceremony. A steamer will be placed at their disposal if the invitation is accepted, and the arrangements for their reception are definite and convenient.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
SUNDAY SCHOOL A NNIVE MARI ES AT .WIDNES.

On Sunda!, gilDeTal ttetViC3S were held in the St. Mary's Parish Church, in aid of the Sunday Echool con- nected therewith. Sermons were preached in the morn- ing and evening by the Rev. C. Bolton, to good congre- gations, and in the afternoon an address was given by the Vicar, the Rev. W. Hodgson, M.A. The annual sermons of the Gospel Union Mission Sun- day School were preached on Sunday. In the afternoon a very interesting address was given by the Rev. C. J. Preston, Wesleyan minister. There were good atten- dances at each of the services. Special hymns were sung and collectiOns taken in aid of the school funds. •

The anniversary in connection with the Moss Bank Weelern Sunday School was held on s:unt!ay. 151:mons were preached in the morning and evening by Mr. David Lewis. In the afternoon, a serviee of song entitled "Silver Lining" was given in an excellent manner by the scholars and friends. Mr. John Duxbury presided and the narrative was admirably read by Mr. Johnson. Colle.ctions.were taken at each service in aid of the Sun- day school and amounted to over £lB, which is a great advance on last year. The Sunday school anniversary in connection with the Milton Congregational Church took place on Sunday. In the morning the Rev. D. Rogers, of Manchester, preached, and in the afterneon a children's service was held at which the rev. gentleman delivered n very, in- teresting address. In the evening there was. a ,e.,rov.eded attendance to hear the rendering of the sacred ._cantata "Samuel." The band and chorus, which together num- bered about 80 performers, were under the able conduc- torship of Mr. J. J. T. Ainsley, F.S. Sc. The choruses were given in an excellent manner and the solos were placed in the hands of the following :—Hannah (soprano), Mrs. A nisley ; Samuel (alto), Master Ilosker ; Prophet (tenor), Mr. T. Phillips; Eli (bass), Mr. E. B. Haddock, Wootton. The accompaniments were played on the organ by Masters W. Bartrup and G. Ramsey and on the piano by Mr. W. Grounds, in an efficient manner.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
HALTON. INTERESTING MARRIAGE AT HALTON.

Considerable local interest was evinced in the mar- riage of Mr. Simpson, of Davenham, to Mrs. Ellen Powell, of the Castle Hotel, Halton, which was solem- nizEid at the Halton Parish Church, on Thursday after- noon, the Rev. G. D. Wray, vicar, officiating. There was a numerous congregation inside the sacred edifice whilst the ceremony was being performed. The bride, who was tastefully attired in a dress of brown silk, trimmed with cream-coloured lace with bonnet to match, was attended by three bridesmairh., namely,Miss Lewis, of London, and sister of the bride ; Mrs. Edison, Frodshain ; and Mrs. Bean, Acton. These were prettily robed in costumes of blue and brown silk, with bonnets to match. Mr. Bean, of Acton, gave the bride a war, and Mr. Ellison, of Frodsham, was best man. The cere- mony having taken place, the wedding party adjournd to the Castle Hotel, the residence of the bride, where they partook of an excellent breakfast. Amonirst the guests were Miss Lewis, Lcincion ; 'Mr. and Mrs. W. Sim- cook and niece, Mr. J. Simcook, Mr. and Mrs. Poikins (Liverpool), Mr. and Mrs. Houghton, Mr. and Mrs. Woods, Mr. and Mrs. Smith (Chester), Mr. and Mrs. Walker. Mr. and Mrs. Bean, Mr. and Mrs. Elliscui. The presnts which, have been received by the happy pair are numerous and costly.

DRAMATIC PERFORMANCE AT WIDNES. On Monfiay eveninz a performa.nee of th Irish Drama " Pike O'Callaghan " waq given in the Alexan- dra Theatre, Widnes. hv Pon-morn St. P.:Award's Amateur Dramatic So,iotv. The performarwo '.vas gone throngh in a ver7 credi!al4 manner and reflected great, metlit ort the performers. TI-IP nriweeds are in aid of St. Edward's Catholic Schools, Runcorn. MARRIAGE OF MISS MABEL SNAPP:.

On Toesd,iy. in the preeeiTee of a lar:grq-and fashion- able con:zregatinn• the marriage of Miss Mabel Mary Snore. danuliter of Mderman Thomas Snape. M.P.. the Gables, Croxteth-road, Liverpool, with Mr. William Dobson Witson, son of the late Mr. Thomas Watson, M.P., of Horse Carrs. Rochdale, was solemnized at Grove-st reet, United • Methodist Free Church. The pre- Fent s were wry nunwrous, and many of them are of a highly artistic character.

- • -

PEERS' " ECONOMIC " BUILDING SOCIETY, RUNCORN.

vorus OF TICANICS. The Chairman in proposing. a vote of thanks to Mr. G. A. Allen, their solicitor, said that he had always endeav» oured to forward the interests of the Society and would continue his exertions in that direction. (Hear, hear.) The motion was seconded and passed unanimously au also were similar compliments to Mr. Smith, secretary, and the Chaimln, Mr. Speaktuan, after which the pro- ceetiings terminate.

On Wednesday evening the fifth annual meeting of the Runcorn and Dt,trict Peers' " EconomiC° Building Society took place at Bank Cham bers,lligh-• st., Runcorn, Mr. J. J. Speakman, chairman 01 directors, presiding. There were also present—the. Rev. Dr. Ga,taldi, Messrs. T. H. Annett, Georg.. Burrows, J. K. Digges, R. Morris, G. Douglas, T. W.. Pickering, F. A. Smith (eiecretary) ; W. Speechley. (directors' auditor), and G.W. Allen, solicitor.

DIRECTORS' REPORT AND BALANCE SHEET. The directors reported that a nett profit of £47 65.11. had been made on the years working, which they pro- posed to carry on to the next account. The society now • consisted of 214 members holding 427 shares. During' the year there had been two appropriations, one of which had been bought by the society and was now lot sale amongst several others. The balance sheet showe3 that the cash account began the year with a balance in. hand of £724 4s. Md. The amount of members' sub- scriptions was £352 us.; repayments of appropriations, £55 75.6 d. ; premiums on appropriations solds.£l42 108.; which with other minor receipts brought the total up to £1,295. The working expel:sea amounted to- £53 Os.3d. ; amount advanced on mortgage £950 ; advanced on loan' account, £7O ; cash in bank, £165 23. sd. The CHAIRMAN in moving the adoption of the report said that the balance to credit of £47 Os. 11d. augured well for the success of the society which had been in err:— istence five wars. There had been an increase of sight in the membership and he hoped that every member* would exert himself to the utmost to bring up the mem— bership to the requisite total of 400. (Hear, hear.) Such societies as theirs encouraged thrift amongst the working classes and enabled itnnembers to become the posses- sors of the houses in which they lived. The society gave benefits to its members which could not be given by other societies. (flear, hear). —llr. T. W. Pickering seconded and the report and balance sheet were adopted.

ELECTION OF Dimreroas. The retiring directors who were eligible for re-clss- tion were Al:ssrs. F. li. Annett, R. Morris, and S. Stubbs Mr. Dinhy hiving reigned was the only exception.. Messrs. Morris and Annett were re-elected to the direc- torate and the Rev. Dr. Gastaldi, and Mr. W. Speechley were elected in the places of Messrs. Danby and Stubbs. —Mr. W. Pickering was re-appointed members audi-. tor.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
FPODSIiAIf.

SERIOUS FIRR. —The roofs of three cotia.ges, belonging to Mr. Thomas Foster, and situated off Church-st., Prod.. sham, were discovered on fire on Friday afternoon. Th• , dwellings were dl occupied at the time and the furniture was only saved by the occupants after considerable difficulty. It is supposed that the fire originated by some hot sparks falling upon the roof from a burning chimney close to the cottages. With the assistance of several villagers the occupiers succeeded in mastering the flame but not before the roofs and other parts of the buildings. had been destroyed. The damage is said to be about• £5O which is covered by insuraiicp. PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHAPEL, KINGSWOOD, FRODSHLY. —On Sunday the second anniversary sermons at this place were preached by Mr. J. Whitley, Stockton Heath, to good congregations, that in the evening filling the chapel to overflowing. The services were a great success and the collections in advance of last year. Tile hymns and anthems were excellently rendered by a well trained choir. Mrs. Andrews. of Riley Bank, presided at the organ. On Monday the members and friends met on Mersey View, Frodsha-.1, when a very enjoyable after- noon and evening was spent in games, sports, &e. An excellent tea had been provided for the occasio:• and anip!e justice was done to the abundant and pod things provided. Great praise is due to Mr. and Mrs. Andrews, Riley Bank, who have done so mach to make these ser- vices a EUCCES2.

FATAL ACC/DiINT TO A GIRL: A WARNING TO CHILDREN. —A little gut named Sarah Lewis, aged eleven, daughter of Joseph Lewis, labourer, of Frodsham Bridge, died on Saturday night from injuries recciived through being knocked down and run over by a lurry on the morning. of the same day. The circumstances were reported to the Coy,-,r.c..,.e, IL. 'Ciineion, who held an inquiry on the body at Bridge Inn, Frodsham, on Tuesday.—Mary Lewis, mother of the deceased gave evidence of identifr- cation and added that she sent her daughter on Saturday morning ti fetch soma water. She did not see her daughter again mail she was brought home badly in- jured.—Ahraliam Blatt deposed to seeing the deceased girl swinging behind a lurry in Chester Main-road, Sut- ton, at about eleven o'clock on the morning of the sth inst. lie saw her driven away once by the driver but she went back again. Subsequently she ran round to. the side of the lurry and was knocked down by the, hrak,4-hlocic and run over. Witness called to the driver and told him of the accident. They picked the child up and took her to her home. Medical assistance was pro- cured but proved of no avail, and at about eleven o'clock the same night she died from the severe internal injuries r?ceivecl.—The Coroner, in summing up the evidence remarked that no blame whatever was attached to the driver of the vehicle who hal done his :Jest to keep the girl away from the lurry. She, however, had returned to it as soon as he had turned his hack.—The jury re corded a verdict Of "Accidental

===== 0002601_18940512_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESENTATION TO AN ORGANIST

AT NEWTON.

On Sur day afternoon after service, A gathering took place in the vestry of tq. Mary's and St. John's Catholic Church, Crow-lane. The purpose of the meeting was to preseut Mr. James Leyland with a nurse of gold (£lO 10g.), and an illuminated address OD his retirement through serious and continued ill-health, after 8 rears service, from his position of organist at the above church. F-ither Lennon, in addressing Mr. Ley- . !anti, feelingly expressed -iiis .own, the choir's, and parishioner; sincere syenpathy and deep regret, for the : cause of Mr. Leyland's forced sererence frent the choir. and conp,regation. He was glad to take advantage of that opportunity to testify to the comfort, assistance and pieagure Mr. Leyland had given him and the con- gregation generally, as well as the choir, by his zeal, de- votion, and courtesy to all he came in contact with, and especially must he emphasize the edification Mr. land had given one and all, by his respect and reverence in everything connected with the services of the church. Father Lennon concluded by hoping that Mr. Leyland might be s';.ared to enjoy many years of health and happiness as well as us-fulness in the cause of religion, and then called on Mr. J. Higham to read the following, address t-- " Dear Mr. Ley!and,—We, the, choir and parishioners of St. Mary's and St. John's, Newton-le-Willows, hearing with regret that continuous ill-health cotnpels you to resign your position as organist Of the above church,. cannot allow you to sever your connection with the eon- gregation without expressing our deep sympathy with, veu, and our warm appreciation of the zealous and -devoted services you have rendered us during the past . eight years. We therefore beg your acceptance of the • accompanying purse of gold as a token ot ourrepard and. esteem ; an i trust that, ere long, your health may be restored, and that you may live to enjoy many years of- prosperity and happinees.—Signed on behalf of the: choir and parishioners, T. McMahon, J. Digharn, T. Kenny, .I,ll,Forster."

Mr. J. H. Forster then presented Mr. Leyland, with , the purse, expressing at the same time his own and fellow-parishioners' deep sympathy, and the hope tt)at•. this slight proof of their interest might be some °naafi:on . and encouragement to him in his protracted illness. In. accepting the address, Mr. Leyland touchingly referred • to the many and continued kindnesses he i1e.41 received; at the hands of all connected with the church during hitt eight years' service, and the pleasant memories be had of church and choir. His health and feelings would not•• allow him to say all he felt—nor the grief he experienced on his severance from those pith whom he had so kindly and amicably worked whilst in charge of the choir. He • must, however, take advantage of that opportunity to • thank Father Lennon in particular for the many acts; • of kindness, interest, and generosity he had so often re- ceived at his hands. He hoped his health might vet . enable him to show his a ppreciation and gratittzde:by do- ing something for the welfare of the church and schools. Lennon then thanked the committee for ori- ginating the testimonial and thus enabling him and • others of the congregation to show some little apprecia- tion oft he services rendered to their church and choir by Mr. Leyland whilst under his direction—and thus con - eluded a pleasant meeting.

EVANS'

QUININE

BITTERS.

GWILYSI

EVANS'

QUININE BITTERS.

OWILY3I

EVANS'

QUININE BITTERS.

GWILY3I

EVANS'

QUININE BITTERF.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
SINGERS AND FLOWERS.

If a French specialist, M. Joal, is right, admirers of fashionable singers and actresses wi.ll do well not t;') per- • sist in loading them with -wreaths and bow-pmts. The smell of flowers, says M. Joal, is injurious to the voice. The rose, and all flowers with very strong scent, are especially to be avoided, he says, hut personal suseep_ tibility, he thinks, has much to do with the matter. Ho knows operatic singers who have complett-ly lost their voicrs through thnir passion for certain flowers. To some the violet is especially injurious ; others would do well to avoid lilac, and other again should strickly taboo the harmless-looking, gardenia. The advice, however, . would certainly be more practical if the alarmi,,t would condescend -to tell us which particular people come into the different categories enumerated. "

RUPTURES. TRUSSES.- WOODEND'S PATENT TRUSSES, the most comfortable truss ever invented. A. boon to wearers, h-uring no spring at had:. Singl- 7s. 61., Double 128. Carriage paid. Send size in inehe.s to J. WooDsxv, Chernitt, 22, Pitt-Ytreet, Lir .

EME

===== 0002601_18940512_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

ASSAULTS ON THE POLICE.

Peter Hare and George Flannagan, both of Howard- street, Sankey Bridges, were each claarged at the War- rington Borough Court on Monday, with being drunk and disorderly on Saturday night in Orford-lane and also with assaulting P.Cs. Clough and Bell. The evidence showed that the prisoners were going towards Orf,,rd Barracks, and making use of filthy language ta passers by. The officers stopped them and asked for their names and addresses, but they refused to give them, and the officers then arrested Hares. The prisoner commenced to kick his captors about the legs and the second prisoner also did his best to get Hares away. P.C. Bell then got hold of Flannagan, and tly- two officers and prisoners were struggling on the ground for some time until P.C. Barnett came to the assistance of the officers, and the prisoners were locked up. The magistrates decided to send Hares to gaol for one month, and fined Flannagan 103. and costs or 14 days' imprisonment.—Thomas Kelly was also charged with being drunk and disorderly and with assaulting P.Cs. Cooper and Marsh in Buttermarket street on Saturday night. The prisoner's b±haviour was somewhat similar to the prisoners in the previous case, and when he was arrested, he kicked Cooper and Marsh on the legs, and bit each of them severely on the fingers. He was sent to gaol for one month.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
A NOISY SERVANT.

Ann Morgan,a kitchen maid at the Patten Arms Hotel, was charged at the Warrington B )rough Court on Monday with being drunk and disorderly on Sunday night. and also with assaulting Mr. Kiernan the landlord. Inspec- tor Cox stated that P.C. Turner was called into the Patten Arms Hotel on S iturday night t ) take the prisoner in charge in con3,2evience of her disorderly la?, !saviour, and he took her to the police station in a Cab. As this was an illegal arrest owing to the prisoner resid- ing on the premises of the Patten Arms, he turned her out again. He (Cox) went out some time afterwards and when in Parker-street he found her drunk again. He then locked her up.—Mr. Kiernan said that there was a disturbance in the kitchen on Saturday night, between the prisoner and the cook who were both drunk. He went to them and told them to be quiet, but soon after- wards they began again. They used very violent lang- uage, and commenced shouting very loudly, and he had to bring in a policeman to assist him to take the prisoner out. The prisoner attempted to strike him as she was being taken out, but he warded off the blow. The cook became,quiet after the prisoner had been taken out. He did not wish to press the case, as the prisoner had been a good servant, but could not keep from drink when she had money.—The magistrates dismissed the case, and the prisoner subsequently promised Mr. Taylor, the police court missionary to go to the Women's Shelter at Liverpool.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
FLOGGING A HORSE.

At the Warrington Borough Court, on Friday, before Alderman Wright, Councillor Roberts, and Messrs. Wm. Pierpoint and J. W. Hayward, David Cooke, Knutsford- road, was charged With beating and ill-treating, ahusing and torturing a horse on the 23rd April. Dr. Gornall stated that on the above date, he was walking along Knutsford-road to Warrington, at about 9.15 a.m., and when opposite Tunstall's-row he saw a waggonette standing, laden with people, at the end of the row. The defendant, wko was driving, was hitting the horse with the butt end of the whip to get it to move, and got it near to Barry-street where a man went forward and got hold of the horse and led it towards Barry-street. The driver hit the animal most unmercifully in the ribs with the whip. While witness was standing by, a lad remarked that the animal might well not be able to go, as it had done 24 miles that morning. Witness con- sidered that the driver had ill-used the hotse and he gave notice to the first policeman he met.—P.C. Bell said that from what Dr. Gornall told him. he went after the defendant, but before he caught him he had got to the Stables. Upon examining the horse he found it was covered with perspiration and was trembling as if it had been ill-used. Th,re were small swellings on the ribs.— The defendant said that he had been to Hoo Green with the horse which was a jibher, but it had gone along all right until he arrived in Knutsford-road, where he had to beat it to make it go.—Defendant was fined 103. and Costs.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
KATE GERRARD AGAIN!

On Saturday last a woman named Kate Gerrard,well- known to the Warringtor.is police coinpleted a term of imprisonment for being drunk and disorderly. She was again brought before the Warrington magistrates on Tuesday morning charged with assaulting and beating a neighbour named Mary Griffiths on the previous Satur- day. Mr. A. Browne who prosecuted stated that the neighbourhood where the defendant lived was in a con- stant state of uproar through the defendant's conduct. On Saturday when she returned from jail on passing the complainant's house in Hopwood-street, she went to the complainant and without any provocation struck her in the face. Immediately after that she came out of her house in Hopwood-street and threw a bucket of water on the complainant's windows. No notice was taken of it by the complainant, but when she went out later in the day the defendant again assaulted her. She struck her between the eyes, giving her.ia black eye and caus- ing biood to flow. The defendant was such a nuisance that constables had to stop in the street on Saturday afternoon to keep her quiet. He (Mr. Browne) asked for the defendant to be dealt with severely for the peace of the neighbourhood. Mrs. Griffiths. the complainant, Mrs. E. Hankey, 9, Hopwood-street, and Mrs. Ashworth, 18, General-street, corroborated Mr. Browne's statement Uto the assault. D.S. Monaghan said he visited the defendant's house the previous day. He foued her drinking with two other women. The house was in a filthy condition and her husband told him that he gave her 303. per week. The magistrates committed her to prison for two months hard labour. TRH CARRIAGE CO.'S HORSES AGAIN. Fdward Holt, bus briver, and James Kenrick, man- ager for the Warrington Carriage Company, were each summoned before the Warrington magistrates on Friday, the former charged with working and the latter with caus- ing a horse to be worked while in an unfit state on April 23. Inspector Luff said that at about 745 p.m. on the above date, he was in Bridge-st., and saw Holt driving a horse attached to a single horse 'bus. The horse was very lame in the hind legs. Witness followed the 'bus to Corporation-at-, and there examined the horse. He found that the back tendons were strained and the ani- mal was suffering from "grease." The horse was taken to the stables. He went to the stables afterwards and when taken out, the horse could scarcely hobble about. On the Wednesday after, witness went to the stables again in company with Mr. Dixon, veterinary surgeon, but Mr. Kenrick refused to let Mr. Dixon see the horse. Witness told him that if he did not let Mr. Dixon see the horse he would tell the magistrates, but Mr. Kenrick replied that he could tell the magistrates whatever he liked as he would make no defence.-I'.C. Evans corro- borated the last witness.—Mr. Kenrick said that he objected to Mr. Dixon examining his horses, and in pre- vious cases he had offered to pay half the expenses to bring any veterinary surgeon frcm Liverpool or Man-

BißDs' ANIMALS AND FISH STUFFED, and mounted in Glass Cases of any design. HEADS and HORNS mounted also for Sale. Birds made into Hand Screens or Fire Screens. Dealer in British and Foreign Birds and Animals' Skins, Glass Shades. Stags' Heads. Cd)inets, Store Boxes, Nets, 9c,c.. for 13utte,fly and Egg Collectors —B. COOKE, Naturalist and Furrier, 21, Renshaw-street, Liverpool.

chester to examine them. Ha could not get any veterinary surgeon in Warrington to come because they did not care to come. The horse in question had been Bold since April 23rd.—The magistrates did not consider the driver to be responsible, and Mr. W. Pierpoint said that he believed that Johnson, who had been summoned previously for a similar offence had been discharged by the Carriage Co. He suspected that it had somethingto do with appearing at the court in cases like the present. Mr. Kenrick said that was all assumption. He could tell the magistrates what Johnson was dismissed for.— The case against Holt was withdrawn, and Kenrick was fined 103. and costs. In answer to the magistrates. Bolt said that he would not have any of his wages stopped for appearing that morning at the court.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
111 ? WHY ? WHY ?

Why do you continue to suffer fron Ind es- tion, nervous diseases, chest affection. l'ver comoliints impoverished blood, or a weakened sy tem which entail ceaseless anxieties and often racking puns, when there Is at hand a cheap and effective remedy for these ailments in G WILYM ENANS' QUININE BITTERS?

===== 0002601_18940512_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
WHY?

Why nre Gwilym Ryan's Quinine Bitters so universally recommended, and the demand for them increasing. with such unparallelled rapidity ? Simply because experieace proves them to be

". THE BEST REMEDY OF THE AGE."

WHY?

Why are the Quinine Bitters considered "The Perfection of Medicinal Preparations ?"

BECAUSE, BECAUSE,

I. They are ENTIRELY VEGETABLE, and con- tain neither iron nor mercury.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
BECAUSE

2.—They form a happy combination of medi- cines hitherto not successfully dispensed. In- deed, the proportions of each incredielt must be measured with mathematical accuracy in the manufacture to secure the most effective application of the .pecial virtues of each. The suecessful combination of these virtues was an inval6able discovery.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
BECAUSE

3.—The Quinine Bitters enjoy the confidence of the leading medicil men in all districts in which they have had a fair and continued trial. They are safe and certain.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
BECAUSE

UININ E BITTERS

ANUFACTUR IN G ft kJOMPANY.

LIMITED. LLANELLY. SOUTH WALES.

4.—They are superior to any other kind of Bitters prepared. All who buy them say so.

PRICES: Bottles at 2s. 9d. and 4s. 61. ; may be had from all Chemists, or postfree diree from the proprietors—

===== 0002601_18940512_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT.

SATCRDAY.—Before Mr. John Burgess (chairman) Messrs. L. Voisey and J. Geddes. A DRUNKEN DRlVER.—Bernard Brady was charged with being drunk whilst in charge of a horse and trip on Friar's Gate, at 2.45 on Friday afternoon. P.C. Roper proved the case. The magistrates imposed a fine of 103. and costs. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—Bridget Moore, 36. Angel Meadows, Manchester, was sent to gaol for one month hard labour for being drunk and disorderly in Marsh House-lane, the previous day. A LOCAL PERFORMER AND HIS CHILDREN.—Mr. Hunt, a local jumper applied for a licence for his two children aged eight and nine respectively, to take part in a jump- int, exhibition. In answer to the Bench the applicant stated that the perf.)rmances would not interfere with the children's attendance at school, and that their part in the performance would be very light. The licence was granted. MONDAY.—Before Mr. F. Monks (chairman), and Mr. S. Wright. DRUNLENNESS.—For this offence, John Fleming, 8, Dial-street, was fined ss. and costs ; Joseph Ward, Refuge Square, 53. and costs ; Patrick Foy, Platt-street, 53. and costs ; Petrick Thompson, 4, Back Haydock-st., 6s. and costs ; James Taylor, 227, Knutsford-road, 53. BREACH OF THE PEACE.-Wm. Smith, Edlesten's Yard was bound over for six months, for fighting in Winwick- street, on April 28ch. P.C. Conlifle proved the case.

PITCHING AND TOSSING.—Peter Scully, Patrick Dooney. John Bartley, William Coyne, John Stanton, vc ere fined 203. and costs or a month's imprisonment, for pitching and tossing in Sharp-street, on April 29th. P.C. Lewis proved the case. CHIMNEY ON FrnE.—For this offence, William Hall, 327, Winwick-road, was fined is. TUESDAY.—Before Mr. F. Monks (chairman), Mr. H. Garnett, and Dr. Starkey Smith._

SERIOUS CHARGE AGAINST A WARRINGTON WOMAN.— Catherine Keary or Taylor was charged with having on the 30th March, 1886, kept a brothel in contravention of the Criminal Act. Inspector Cox said the prisoner in March, 1886, lived at 8, Berry's-yard, and kept a bro- thel. She was then a widow, and earned her living by prostitution. In company with Detective Monaghan he visited the house at 4.15 a.m. on the date named, and found several persons there. There were several com- plaints about the prisoner's conduct at the time. A sum- mons was issuel against the prisoner, but she did not appear, and a warrant was granted. D.S. Monaghan corroborated, and stated that the prisoner had come back to live in Warrington again within the last few days, and was living in Tilley-sr,. Chief Constable Hunt said the prisoner came to his office to obtain a licence to hawk. He suspected her of being the woman against whom a warrant was issued. The prisoner said she was only nineteen years of age at the time of the offence, and was married four years ago at Nantwich to a man named Benjamin Taylor of Warrington. The Chairman said they were not disposed to convict her of an offence committed eight years ago but hoped it would 1e a warn- ing to her. The case would be dismissed. SCHOOL CASES.—Mr.G. Riley prosecuted in the follow- ing cases of irregular attendance at school. Peter Clerno, forgeman, 35, Guardian-st. 53. ; Thomas Bradshaw, 23, Lilford-st. ss. ; Moses Williams, Back Stamford-st. t wio boys proved to be incorrigible, and ordered to receive six strokes with the birchrod ; Lewis Jervis, 10 Silver- square,ls. ; Matthew Carlev,loB Piarpoint-stn-et,23. 61. Nancy England, factory hand, Jones' Buildings, 23. 61.; John Knight, Silver-square, boy ordered to receive six strokes wi:.ll the birch rod.

TEMPORARY AUTHORITY. —Mr. A. Browne applied on behalf of Mrs. Martha, Critchley,for temporary authority until next transfer dzy to sell at the Higher Angel Inn, Buttermarket-street. The application was granted. WEDNESDAY.—Before Mr. J9ll rl Geddes (chairman) and Mr. J. U. Fleming. - - •

INEPT OP PIGEOSS.—Two lads named Samuel Eag.- land, jone's-buildings and Joseph Williams, Back Stam- ford-street were charged with stealing from the pigeo:i cote of John L. Grice, 176, Battersby-lane, some tim3 on Monday, two pigeons valued 2. The lads admitted tak- ing one pit.,,vou each. The chief constable stated that on Monday afternoon at 2.30 the complainant and his wife went f4,r a walk, leaving three pigewis in the back yard On their returning at five o'clock two pigeons were missed. The matter was reported to D.S. Monaghan and from enquiries he made he found that two ;ads had offered two pigeons for sale on Monday afternoon. From the description, Detective Monaghan went to the house of Williams about ten o'lock the previous night. Wil- liams said it was a lad named England that took the pigeons, and on the Detect; ve seeing England, he said it was Williams. They afterwards admitted taking one each, and having sold them to a lad named Henry Taylor 31, Stamford-street, for one penny each. After evidence by the complainant ; Henry Taylor, and Detec- tive Monaghan the boys were ordered to receive six strokes with the birch rod.

WIDNES POLICE COURT. SATURDAY.—Before Councillor W. W. Gossago._

DRUNKZNNES.—WiIIiam 'Matthews and Edward Sulli- van were each fined 2s. 6.1. and costs for this offence. Most.Av.—Before Alderman H. S. Timm's.

DRUNKENNESS.—For this offence the following were each fined :—Margaret McCann, 24. Margaret-st., Eliza- beth Reep, 68 Dock-st., Thomas Quinn, Patrick Ryan, and John McCormick, no fix,,d abode ; Richard Roach, 22 Warmsley-st., and Henry Dillon, Pitt-st. .

===== 0002601_18940512_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS.

MONDAY.—Before Major Hazlehurst and Messrs. Jarne3 Handley, P. Speakman, and T. Rigby. LICENSE TRANSFERS.—The Bench granted the follow- ing applications for occasional transfers :—From Thos. Moore, to Peter Darlington, Vine Hotel, Lowlands-road; from Samuel Davies, to Andrew Walker, George Inn, Pool-lane ; frons Andrew Walker, to Wm. Deeprose, Queen's Hotel, High-st. ; from Enoch Wat,on. to John Ackerlev, Dog and Partridge, Ha'ton-road ; from Sand. Henry Silcock, to James Hunt, The Shamrock, Regent- st. from Mary Ann Williams. to Thomas Taylor, Corn- wall and Devonshire Arms, Church-st. ; from William Marshall to Walter White, Three Crowns, King-st. THE PUBLIC HALL GRANTED A THEATRICAL LICENSE.— Mr. A. Salkeld, secretary ta the Public Hall Company, Runcorn, applied for the grant of a theatrical license to the company for the performance of stage plays. Lie stated that he had been the manager for 15 years.— Superintendent Atherton offereJ no objection, and the license was granted. Miscnixvous Boys.—Thomas Newton (14), Arthur Worrall (12). and Arthur Inman (9), were charged with damaging two wooden centres, to the extent of 45., on the 22nd Anril.the property of Wm Farrell.—Mr. Arthur Linaker, solicitor, prosecuted on behalf of Mr.Farr(ll. Newton and Inman pleaded not guilty, but Worrall ad- mitted the cffence.—Mr. Linaker said the case was hut a small one, but his client had taken these steps as a caution to other offenders. Through the damage which his property had sustained by boys playing and swing- ing upon it, Mr. Farrell had been compelled to take tiie course.—Evidence having been submitted in support of the prosecution, Inman was discharged, and Newton and Worrall were ordered to pay the costs. UNCOLLARED AND UNMUZZLED.—Thomas Trimble for allowing his dog to be at large without a collar or muzzle on the 29th ult., was ordered to pay the costs. INTOXICATED.—Martin Flahartv was fined ss.including costs for being drunk and disorderly in Mersey-st., on the 28th April.—Felix McConn was charged with a simi- lar offence on the 29th ult., in Church-st., and created much amusement In court by presenting to the Bench a paper certificate, showing that he had signed the pledge since he had been summoned.—The Chairman remarked that the defendant had signed the temperance pledge rather often but in order that he might have another chance he would be discharged. _ _ _

ALLEGED OBSCENE LAN-41117/OE. Mary Lynn was charged with uttering obsceme language on the 29th ult. but as there was some doubt about the case it was dis- missed.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MURDER OF A ST. HELENS

POLICEMAN.

DECISION OF THE HOME SECRETARY.

Intimation was received at Walton Gaol on Monday that the death sentences passed upon John Carny, John Leahy. and Frank Rilev at the last Liverpool Assiv,s, for the murder ot Police-constable Gordon, at St. Helens, have been commuted to fifteen years' penal servitud.! each.

Mr. Balfour won the first prize at the Toeting Be golfing competition on Saturday, and takes the medal and the Guy Pym Cup. Mr. Austen Chamberlain, M.P., while leading a bull at ilighbury on Monday, fell to the ground, and was attacked by the animal, which gored him in the thigh, inflicting a serious wound.

Fu SEALSKIN JACKETS AND FURS of every description CLEANED or RE-DYED and ALTERED. FUR SKINS dressed and made up into rugs. &c.—B. COOKE. Manufacturing Furrier, 11, Upper Newing- ton, and 21, Renshaw-street, Liverpool. Established 20 years.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EX ANT !NEP, SATURDAY, MAY 12, 1894.

ORFORD CRICKET CLUB.— S meeting has been held in the schoolroom to discuss the desirability of forming a Cricket Club. The Rev. W. R. Hartwright presided, and it was decided to form a club, the following officers being appointed :—President. Mrs. llearnont, vice-pre- sident, the Revs. J. J. Longhorn and W. R. Hartwright ; and- essrs. W. Morti mer, J.P.,H .F. Gough, M.S. Rogers, W. Pollizt, J. C. Watson, H. P. Densho m and R. Andrews ; captain, Mr. W. Richardson ; S4C., Mr. C. Grounds ; and treas. Mr. John Cann. EARLESTOWN v. LElGlL—Played at Earlestown, and resulted in a defeat for the home eleven by 9 runs, the batting, with the exception of Miller and Hopkins being , of a very poor ciegcription.

E I.IILESTOWN. . x.tuott. J Saunders c Williams b J Iv Turner b Mitchell 0 Unswort h JII Alderson b Bunn 0 B Williams c Husband b Miller not out G Husband c and b Bunn 1 W Stewart c Eilmett b

G Dennis run out 0 Hopkins It Bell b Unsvvorth T Barker b Bum' 4 J Pass b Bell l5 G Hopkins lbw Turner ... 25 F Horribin b Clare 4 P Clare c Stewart b J W Unsworth rud out 24 • Turner 7 W Hindley c Husband b F Mitche.l b Turner 2 Bell C W Emmett c Fletcher A T Fletcher not cut 7 b Turner 0 J Q irk c Saunders b Husband Extras ' 8 Extras 6

_ Total 97 '

Total lO6

EATZLESTOWN END V. NEWTON END.—Played at Newton on SJturday. Score :

NEWFON. EAULESTOWN. J Ball b W Harrison J Pendry b W Harrison 0 W Hatton b H J Longton b IV Harri- J Edgar b Carson 4 EOll H Clarke h W Harrison... 0 W Jenkinson b Ball It Carson b Hudlle3ton... 1 J Parr b Ball C Kidd c Ogden b W,Crowther b J.Ball 4

Huildleston 4 J b J Ball. 7 It Pearson b HArrisoß ... 11 J Marsh absent Ball b Harrison T Wilkinson not out J Laithwaitm b Harrison 0 W Harrison run out J Bartley c Clare b Huthileston Extras 4 Extras ll

• Total 32

Total

Sr. HELENS RECREATION V. WIDNES.—Payed at IVitines. Score :

ItECEATroY. WInNES. Robinson c Dancan b D Barlow b Bohingon Saddler J Harrison b :_ttiddler J Leadbetter b Baggeridge 0 T Saddler b Greg, kry W Tickle b Bpggericige ... 3 A Callon run out Walter Shaw b Sadd,er ... 9 T llampson b Gregory 0 W Edmundson c Smith b V/ A herton run o-t

BaggAidge JU Gregory Et Atlitrtcn D Jones c Leadbetter b b Saddler P mar:ll c Baggeritige b J H Smith not oat 3 Bar:ow J Smith cJoties b Sad:iler 3 • W Shaw b Elirlovi

B.trber (sub) not out ...... 0 Extras 2

Total 43

Tot al

BOWLING.

LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY BOWLING ASSOCIATION,.

, . NEWTON V. BULL'S HEAD, WARRINGTON.—III first round of vhe above comptAition. Nev,t)n encountered Bull's Head, on the Wigan Subscription green, on SAur- day afternoon, and passel into tha second round by 38 points. Scores :

NEIVI'ON.

BULL'S HEAD.

G H trrison . „ J Wine l5 E Gibson A Clough J Abbot E Fairclough W Aspin:til H Willitims 2l D Silcox .. . ..... 20 'f Locker .W H Hindley T yairclough 2l 11. .evveil 3 Williamsmi 2l F BiTry J Liptrat W Mills

- 8 - 19

Totil 222

15

Total . lBl

!IRINGTON JUNIOR RUGBY OCT.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

CRICKETERS, Lawn Tenniaers, and Golfers are reminded that GEORGE G. BUSSEY and Co., manufacture high-class reqoisites. Their new catalogue is obtainable from Local Dealers, or the Sports Manufactory, Peckham Rye, S. 11; Trade (CCO(N: Mark.

. BUCKLEY-ST. (WARRINGTON) V. WIDNES RED ROSE.— This match was played at Widnes on Saturday, and ended in an easy win for the Red Rosm. aiker bowled well for the losers, as also did R. and W. Hague for the winners. Both sides fielded well. Result :—Buckley-st., 15; Red Rose, 29.

BUCKLEY-STREET (WARRINGTON) T. WIDNES RED ROSE. This match was played at Widnes on Saturday, and ended in an easy win for the Red Rose. Baker bowled well for the losers, as also did rt. and W. Hague for the winners. Both sides fielded well. Result :—Buckley- street, 15 ; Red Rose, 29. WARRINGTON V. WERNETEL—Unfortunately for this im- portant fixture, Warrington were unable to send their best team to Werneth on Saturday, Messrs. Crosfield being absent owing to a family bereavement. The weather was cold for the summer sport, but the atten- dance was nevertheless good. Werneth won the toss, and taking up the batting first the venture closing for 73 runs. Bates bowled splendidly, maintaining a capi- tal length throughout, whilst, the way he tricked the three players when they returned the balls to him stam- ped him as being above the ordinary run of professienal cricketers. Warrington started their essay with G. Clarke and Bates. A disastrous start was made, for Bates was given out in trying a second run, the decision of the home umpire being received witt groans by the impartial spectators. Warrington's ill-luck did not end here, for with the total at seven and eight two more wickets fell, Wordsworth being taken smartly at the wicket, whilst Clarke was bowled with one of Hall's famous leg-breaks. Callon followed, with the score at 17 he failed to secure proper hold of one from Hall, and Hilton took the catch at short leg. .With the junior pro- fessional, Clark, joining the Warrington skipper, a deter- mined resistance was offered, and boundaries .were rapidly notched, so that at 37 Bedford took the ball from Hodgkinson. It was left to Hall to effect a separation, and at 45 a good ball from the Werneth professional sent Smith back, the outgoing batsman having shown excel- lent form for his score of 19. Clark continued to bat nicely, but though E. Connor aided him a little, no as- sistance was foithcoming from the others, who failed completely before the deliveries of Hall. Bedford met with success at last, for Clark was too late with an extra fast one, and at the close Warrington were in a minority by 16 runs. The fielding of Warrington was excellent throughout, whilst the wicket-keeping of Clark was of the usual high order. Score and bowling analysis:—

• W ERN ETII. WARRINGTON. S Haggas c& b Smith 1 B tt.s run out Bedford c& b B des 2 G Clarke b Hall 2 Hall c Smith b Clarke 4l W Wordsworth c Hatton b Hall

R Schole3 83.,es 8

A Lowe ckbßt -s J H Collison c Clarke b R Smith b Hall l9 Clarke T Braddock c& h Bites ... 1 LA Voisey b Hall 0 H Hi:ton c woods b B ,tes 3 E Conner b Hall 4 11 Seanor b Bites 0 E E Woods b Hall H Heyworth c Words- J Rush, orth b Hall ..... 0 worth b Smith 9 H Spinks not out H Hodgkinson not out... 6 Extras 0 Extras 1

TotAI 73

_ Total

BOWLING ANALYSIS. WERNETII. WARRINGTON. 0. M. R. W. 0. M. R. W. Bates l9 9 25 6 Hall lB 7 23 8 It. Smith E. Connor Li. Clarke A. ClArk

WARRINGTON V. WERNETH 2ND ELEVENS.—This match was played at Warrington in fin.e weather on Saturday. Werneth Lining first piled on a score of 81, chiefly through the good batting of Messrs. A. Taylor, Dix:)n, Cumming; and Holt for the Warrington side. Messrs. A. Duckwerili, flampsam Silcock, Dewhurst and William- son were the pick. J. BiOby, ca•etain, took 4 wickets fur 20 runs, and It. Brown 3 for 11.

WARRINGTON. 11 Turner b Bibby T Armitage c and b ()Jones b Wrigley Ashton Dixon at Ilampson b Griffiths 3 B own l4 C Dewhurst b Griffiths l4 J Wrigley low Mown 2 F Williamson b WAglev ... 13 A Tvlo: 9 William on b M Slicook c Holt b Wrigley 15 22 0 Hampson c Dixon b A M,rslan t c Parry b _ Curnminga _ _

- Brown 3 E Parry b Cu7nming3 G Griffiths c&1) S White 0 A Duckworth not tut A Curt-yr:lag's b Bibby ll S White b Wrigley 1 P Holt nt out ll W Atliton c Holt b Wrigley 0 A Watson b Bilob,- W Coleman b Bibby •Extras 6 Extras

Total Bl

Total

Y.lll C.A. C.C. v. "CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOUR " SOCIETY C.C. FIRST ELEVENS.—The a'oove match was played on t'v- ground of the latter on Saturiay and resulted in a win for the Y.M.C.A. by 2 runs. Scores :

Y.NI C.A. CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOUR. Chadwick b Baitoa 6 Woods b Thompson Farquharson b Barton.— 0 Patrick b Th,mpson Gough a Ba-ton b C.egge 3 Hea!d a Page b Woods Thompson b Ciegge Wright lbw b Barton Gorst b Barton Page run out 1 Barton b Woods Jewkes b Barton Hid a Clegg b Barton 2 Clegge not out 2 Woods b Clegge ...... ...... 3 Shaw h Tlintripson 0 Morton not nit 1 Thornley b Thompson

Extras 0

" 'Extras. 2

Total 2l

Total

===== 0002601_18940512_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
SANKEY WESLEYANS V. LIVERPOOL WINDSOR WES- LEYANS.—PIayed on Saturday at Scores

SANKEY WESLEYANS. Jefferson c Bradburn b

NVINDSOR VIE3LEYANS. Bradburn b Watkins ....- 0

0 Jones run out Peers c Jones b Le Bran 34 Gro 'at b Btiley 0 Taylor b Branburn Bailey b Jones Clare c Harrison b Joie s 0 Bulsn c Both b Bailey Booth b Bull.n 9 I.e Brno b Watkins 6 J Roderick b Bullen Pritchlrd h Millen Bennett c Bradburn b Rosinson b Watkins Jones Watkins c Bradburn Jones D Roderick not ou'. 2 Extras 5 Extras

Total B3

Total

P. WALKER AND SONS Y. Sr. ELPRINS.—PIayed on Saturday on the ground of the latter. Score : r. WALKER & SONS. ST. ELPHINS. J Arbor b Clayton ...... .. 1 Clayton b Toad T Tod 11) ilatton H Bailey b Clayton 0 Forbes c Bailey b Todd 4 II Allen b Clayton I Turner b Hatton H G een c Radford b Placenix b Caine 9 Clayton .7 Caine b C ayton J Bolton b Hatton J Tilli 12' not oat lkl Glennon b Radford 7 Richardson b Caine C linsworth run out .1: xtras 6 Extras 7

Total 65

Total

SANKEY WIRE MILLS V. FRIENDS' SCROOL, PENKETH.— At Penketh. Score :

SCHOOL. WIRE MILLS. Linn.y lbw h Hob3on 8 Williams run ou Reynolds b Simpson Waring run out Smith b Simpson l3 Moss b Smith Holland b Hobson ... ...... 1 Simos,n c and b Pollard 0 Charnock st trHobson ... 2 Warburton c Alldridge b Pollard b Hobson 0 Smith Allridge b Simp,on 1 Cooke Alidridge b Pollard 1 Sutton cbimpson btlohson U Johnson b Smith Youde not out Andrews b Simpson Hobson not out Extras .. 0 Extras 6

Total , 35 * Total

RUNCORN v. CLUBMOOR.— This match took place on Saturday afternoon, at Runcorn, before a fair number of spectators. Score : RUNCORN. CLIJBMOOR . Tickle e Newton b Hirst 11 Grant b Cragg Frith b Hirst Abrams e Macro bJoynson 3 Trevelliek b Gatley Ben a Trevelliek b Hirst... 8 Joynson h era ,g 3 Frith e Grant b Hirst ... 6 ' urphy b Houghton. Boyle c Joynson Gatley c Murphy b Joyn- (Utley l5 son Houghton e Grant b Joyn- Newton run out son Jeacock b Joynson Booth c Grant b Joyngon 3 Other not out Cragg not out Extras 2 Extras 3

Tot 11

Total

RUNCORN TRINITY v. HALTON WRSLRIANS —This match was played at Halton, on Saturday. The weather was fine, and both clubs showed good form. Score : RUNCORN TRINITY. HALTON Wk SLEYANS. F Burrows c Bradbury ... 1 Bradbury c S Timperley c C Saunders 0 H Hughes c W Leach b Bradbury 1 J Saunders c 0 L Leach cC Saunders 1 Srtith c It Wickstead b Smith 5 A Rowe run out J Clark std R Huvh s ... 5 How'insoa not out 5 W C,rruthers std Smith 0 Dunbobin c Hall stdß Hughes 7 J Tomlinson h. Forshaw run out Hayes cßr idbury Foster not out. Extras 2. Extras

Total 32

Total

===== 0002601_18940512_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. MARY'S v. LATCHFORD.

FINAL TIE.

Owing to the St. Mary's and Latchford teams felling Lo come to any definirn conclusion on April 30:h, in the final tie for the Warrington JuniQr Rugby C-p pre- sented by Mr. Percy Davies, they met- to contiraie the struggle on Tuesday night. As it is the " close" season at present, no "gate " money was charged.and as might be expected there was a large number of spectators to witness the game. Mr.J. Smith of Widnes attain acted as referee. The game was commenced by Mr. Percy Davies kicking off towards the pavilion goal,and Latchford who had a slight wind behind them at once pressed. Chiefly through the instrumentality of Houghton and Hughes, the St. Mary's 25 was passed and Latchford looked like scorers, hut Hampson and Burton kept them at bay. Off side tactics by Latchford further relieved St.Mary'S, hut Houghton again returned to the attack, and the Latchford men rushed the hall over the line, and Bur- ton rushing up kicked it dead. Burton restarted, but Latchford kept up the attack and a series of scrimmages ensued on the St. Mary's line. Up to this period, Latch- ford had had decidedly the upper hand, the St. Mary's team being scarcely ever as far as half way, lout they now woke up, and a grand dribble by Burton, three- quarters the length of the field .ought to have ended in something tang,ibla resulting but he was milled up just in time. Immediately afterwards, Warburton was pulled up on the line after a desperate struggle on that ! player's part to ground. Similar bad luck followed 1 some good play of Bennett. Latchford now had a short look in, and Roughley saved well with the opposing for- wards upon him. He was soon afterwards cnmpelled to concede a. minor. An exciting struggle ensued in the Latchford 25 which resulted in Burton getting over at the corner. He was unsuccessful however in improving ! the point. Within two minutes after this scare, Swift and Raybold each get over but the points were dis- allowed. After desultory plaY, Latchford by a sudden attack got over in a favourable position, but Carter could not increase the score. Another minor quickly fell to Latchford, and half time then arrival wirh the contestants having a try each to their credit.. After the interval, capital passing between the St. Mary's backs gave that team a decided advantage, and Bennett securing the ball passed it to Thomas when near the line, and that player successfully grounded the ball. Burt,n was aeain unsuccessful with the place. Chielly owing to a !null by Chapman, Burton got over the line again, but Swift's attempt at the goal was a failure. Latchford now made a spurt and Roughley waa called upon and not found wanting. St. Mary's returned to the attack and a too strong kick by Burton caused an almost certain try to be lost, only a minor resulting. He retrieved this error a short time afterwards however by getting over and scoring a very meritorious try,llelsby's kick at goal result- ing like all the rest. hayfield was the next scorer for St. Mary's. Although they hail suffered so many reverses, Latchford played well, and the St. Mary's supporters had great cause for anxiety, but were relieved when Roughley saved under the goal posts, and sent them back. . There was no further pay of any interest, and a good game ended with the score of St. Mary's five tries. Latchford one try. Immediately after the conclusion of the game, the cup and medals were presented to Berry, captain of the St. Mary's team. by Mr. Percy Davies, who congratulated him upon the success of his team. Three cheers were then heartily given to the winners, and Mr. Ashcroft replied on behalf of the St. Mary's thanking Mr. Davies for his generosity in giving the cue to be contested for and expressed the de- termination of the St. Mary's team to keep it now that they had got it. The cup was afterwards taken in triumph to the headquarters of the St. Mary's, in Bank Quay, where it will remain until next season.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
THE VAGARIES OF THE LAW.

In Central Switzerland the opponents of captial pun- ishment have raised a curious point of law in support of their movement. The affair arises out of the conviction of a monster named Abegg, who recently murdered his daughter. The unfortunate girl was a domestic servant, and the father a ne'er-do-weel and a drunkard who was perpetually extorting money from her. One day he met her at a little town en the Lake of Zurich, where she was employed, and because she refused to help him any more, he stabbed her, first in the neck, and then in the chest, the knife penetrating her heart. The murderer then coolly took a silk handkerchief and a basket from his victim, and went and changed them at a drinking shop fora cup of coffee and a glass of brandy. He was sentenced at the Assize Court at :+chwytz to he guillo- tined, whereupon a local society for the abolition of the punishment of death appealed against the sentence on the ground that, according to law, condemned criminalg must he ioaheaded by the sword. The Court of Appeal decided that their view of the law was correct, and this causes a dead-lock, as no man can he found in Switzer- land to carry out th 3 sentence of the law in the manner required.

Cecoemr.--Cocoa-Nib Extract. (Tea like).—The choicest roastrd nibs (broken HD hems) of the natural Cocoa, on bring subiectmd to powerful hydraulic pressure. give forth their excess of oil, leaving for use a finely-flavoured powder— " Cocoaine," a product which, when prepared with boiling water, has thl consistence of tea, of which it is now bene- ficially taking the place with many. Its active principle being a gentle nerve stimulant, supplies the needed energy without unduly exciting the system. Sold only in packets and tins. by Grocers. labelled "James Epps and Co. Ltd., Iromceopathic Chemists, London." To be ob'sine-1 in. Wa•rington of BowDEN and SONS. BAMFORD, PERCIVAL. RICHARDSON and Sox and others in every town.—,eldrt.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH AND DISEASE AT WAR 13 IN GTO N.

THE MEDICAL OFFICER'S REPORT.

Dr. John H. Gornall, medical officer of health for the borou2h, has just issued his annual report for the year 1893. THE YEAR'S DEATHS.

It statea that the number of deaths recorded in the borough during the ) ear 1893 was 1,391, of which 783 were males and 603 females ; 1,297 were registered in the Warrington and 94 in the Latchford Registration District. Of this number 40 took place at the Fever Hospital, 13 at the Hope Hospital for small-pox, 18 at the Infirmary, and 96 at the Workhouse. In estimating deathrate, 23 deaths must be deducted of persons belonging to other districts. The death rate for the year was 24.8 per 1,000 of the population, the highest recorded since 1879. This is partially due to the continuance of small-pox in the first six months of the year, but mainly to the fearful mortality from diarrhcea amongst young children in the latter six months of the year. The annual mortality is 4.6 higher than the average of large urban districts, and 56 higher than the rate for England as a whole, and 7.4 higher than the rate for rural districts. The death rate in the several Wards of the Borough were as follows :—Town Hall, estimated population, midsummer, 1893. 6.374, death rate ner 1.000 26.3 ; Nl'llite:h.oss 6.290, 29.2 ; Bewsev, 5.734, 245 ; ....John's 9,152. 30.8 ; Fairfield, 5,176, 21.5 ; Orford 5,538, 26 0 ; Howley 6,698, 26 7; St. Austin's 4,086, 19 5 ; Latchford, 6,042, 172. It should be ex- plained that the nine deaths which occurred at the Workhouse being credited to Whitecross increases the rate of that Ward abnormally.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
INFANTILE MORTALITY.

Of the 783 deaths registered in 1893 in children under five years, 458 were infants under 1 year. Calculated by the proportion of deaths under 1 year of age to the births registered, the infant mortality in Warrington, for the year 1893, was equal 208 per 1;000. This exces- sive mortality, though hpparently due to the large number of deaths from zymotic diarrhoea, 128 being ascribed to this cause of children under 1 year of age, is indirectly due to the inability on the part of the mothers to supply their children with the natural food. Com- bined with this we have the insanitary conditions under which the working classes live ; the improper and unwholesome food given, as well as personal uncleanli- ness and neglect.

DEATHS FROM ZYMOTIC DISEASES.

The zymotic death rate reached the very high point of 6.8, the hiv.hest since 1882, due to the excessive mortal- ity, from diarrhoea, this alone accounting for 3-6 per 1,000.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
SCARLET FEVER.

This disease was again prevalent. The total number notified was 364 ; of thes«. 43 were fatal—equal to 12 per cent, of the cases, and 0.78 per 1,0)0 of the population. Of this number 289 were removed to the hospital, 28 proving. fatal,or 10 per cent. ; of the remaind2 r, 66, 15 died, or 26 per cent.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
ENTERIC FEVF.R.

Forty-one eases of this disease were notified; 25 of these were removed to the hospital, one was treated at the Workhouse, one out of town, and the remainder at their own homes. There were 17 deaths, 11 in the fever hospitalloand the remainder at their own homes. I have investigated the sanitary surroundings of all the eases, and am satisfied that neither the milk nor water supply are responsible.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
DEFECTIVE DRAINAGE.

Having referred to several serious cases of defective drainage, the report continued : In previous years I have referred to the offensive gases given off by the sewers, and specially in those streets which are cul-de- sacs, with the sewers commehcing at the top. This was well marked in 1887, when numerous cases occurred in Howard-st., Wakefield-st., sod Pierpoint-st., all streets the sewers of which are dead-ends. The inhalation of sewer gas from the street ventilators atapears also to be closely connected with the existence of enteric feyer,for we find in manyof the cases thventilat or in close prox- imity to the house in which the patient lived, and a noticeable fact is that a certain number of the cases oc- curred in the higher portions of the town, for the tendency of the Air-currents is to pass in the opposite d•rection ti the flow of sewa,4e, sewer gas rising from the low to the higher level. Thiir, points to the importance of securing to the town as perfect a system of sewerage as possible, and I rectal-ma:lent] with this object in view that the Borough Surt'eyor should be c.insulted on the following points :—(1.) The thorough cleansing of the sewers. (2. ) On the necessity of improving the ventila- tion of the sewers, especially in the streets with dead ends, and in crowded districts. (3.) That in addition to the occasional flushing of the sewers which at pri:sent is only carried out, that some form of automatic flushing in the streets which are cztl. de-sacs be entertained.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
CAUSES or DIARRHOEA.

The year was essential!y a diarrhoea one, with little rain of high temperature. In 53 of the cases there was uncleanness of the fc,iling apparatus, and out of the total 199 deaths, in 117 there was defective drainage and other insanitary conditions.

THE RIVER 'MERSEY AND THE OLD BED OF THE RIVER

===== 0002601_18940512_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
CUT OFF BY THE SHIP CANAL.

During the dry, hot weansr of last year, the river ho- came very low, and in Latchcord especially gave off a most vile stench. I fear, that in the event of similar meteorological conditions during the approaching sum- mer, we have only to expect an aggravated form of the same nuisance. for the drain upon the water of the stream by the Ship Canal will furnish yet another con- tributory cause. It was pointed out in the report for 1889 that several cases of Enteric Fever had occurred in the Knutsfard-road, and of the associated in- sanitary conditions, the most marked was the existence of offensive emanations coming from the river, and penetrating the houses concerned. The evil of such nuisa flees cannot be tom strongly insisted upon. The making of the Ship Canal may also he productive of a danger in another way. If we suffer from the proximity of a running stream n in dry weather, what must we expect from a huge cesspool— for this is what, the old portion of the river along Wil- derspool has practically become in consequence of the Mersey diversion. Culverts have been, I believe, con- structed to ensure some renewal of the water at each tide, but are really insufficient for the purpose ; and, moreover, cause the water at each end to be stirred up with th emanation of poisonous gases. I desire to call your attention to these matters, with a view to some tmasure for the protection of • the inhabitants of the town.

THE CHIEF SANITARY REQUIREMENTS OF THE BOROUGH. Under this had were classified : (1) Dealing with the Insanitary Area, reported on in 1892, (2) carrying out in a more enpr,r,tic manner the housing of the working classes act, 1890, so as to improve, wherever practicable the ventilation of houses,and making back to• back tene- ments into through houses. (3) paving and making of the unmade streets, back passages, courts. yards, &c., Sz?,. (4) the improvement of the sewerage. (5) Increased hospital accommodation.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
T RADES DEHONSTRA.TION AT WIDNES.

The second annual demonstration promoted by Vie Widnes and District Trades Council was held on Saturday. The several societies mustered on the promenade wl- ere the procession was formed,under the marshalling of Mr. J. Byrne. Shortly after three o'clock the procession proceeded through the principal parts of the town in the following order: —The carpenters, headed by the Weston Brass Band; coopers, with the St. Mary's Band • moulders ac- companied by the Mersey Mission Life Band; bricklayers led by the Widnes Jubilee; plumbers, headed by the Widnes Subscription Band ; and the bakers. Afterwards an open air meeting was held on the yarant land near St. Paul's Church, there being about 2,000 persons present, Alderman T. Snape M.P., pre- sided and he was supported by Councillor Shaftoe J.P., of Bradford ; Mr. G. D. Kelly, secretary Manchester and and S Ilford Trades Council ; Mr. Sheppard. president; and Mr. G .H.Cherry.Secretary of the Operative Plumbers. The Chairman said they had arrived at a most eventful period in the history of labour in this country. They had now in Parliament a greater number of representa- tives (men who had taken part in manual labour them- selves) than ever they had. He then referred to the action of the House of Lords in reference to the Em- ployers Liability Bill. Personally he was glad the Government had withdrawn the Bill rather than accept the amendment of the House of Lords. Referring to Messrs. Mather and Platt of Salford, he said they bad set a good example by introducing an eight hours' day into their workshops, and after a trial of twelve months had expressed their satis- faction with the results.—Councillor Shaftoe moved and Mr. Cherry seconded, the following resolution : ' That:this meeting of trades unionists rejoices in the continued progress of the labour movement, as indicated by tbe ad iption of the eight hours' day iu Government workshops and by other private employers of labour, and cordially thanks her Majesty's Government for their various administrative acts tending to the advantage of organised labour."—The Chairman in putting the resolu- tion, referred to the dispute amongst the bricklayers in Widnes. He was not in favour of strikes, nor did he think trades unionists believed in them. If he thought trades unions existed to support strikes he would not have been there at that meeting. He was in favour of a board of concilia'ion for the settlement of disputes. He hoped that something of the kind would be formed in Widnes so that the dispute might be brought to a satis- factory issue.—The resolution was then put by him and carried unanimously.—Mr. G. D. Kelly moved the fol- lowing resolution :—" That this meeting emphatically condemns the action of the House of Lords in introduc- ing a clause allowing contracting-out of the Employers' Liability Bill, and while approving the action of the Government in withdrawing the bill, trusts they will re- introduce it at an early date."—Mr. Sheppard seconded, and on the resolution being put to the meeting was carried unanimously.—A vote of thanks to the Chairman closed the proceedings.

CADDVEY'S Co^ol.—" A food alike suitable for building up the growing body, and for repairing the waste which is incidental to all the processes of life."—Health. (1)

THE WINDING UP OF THE RUNCORN WATERWORKS COMPANY,

On Monday afternoon an extraordinary general meeting of the Runcorn, Weston, and Halton Waterworks Company was held in the Public Hall, Runcorn, for the purpose of declaring a dividend for the quarter ended the 307,11 Sept., 1593 ; passing the accounts on the winding up of the Company, and determining the amount to he paid to the officers of the Company under section 11, suh-section three of the Runcorn Commissioners Act, 1893, and in what propor- tions. Mr. John Brundrit, J chairman of directors, presided, and there were ako present : Messrs. John Simpson, William Whittaker, William Hayes (directors) ; Mrs. Shaw, and Messrs. T. D. Timmins, R. Foulkes, James Collier, W. J. Clarke, T. Wril4tit, J. Ashton (solicitor). W. F. Salkeld (secretary), and James L. Palma (clerk).

DIRECTORS REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT.

The Directors reported that the revenue account showed a balance of £l2BB 7s. 11. out of which they re- commended a dividend of 5 per cent per annum free from income tax for the quarter ended September 1893. The capital account showed the purchase money of the undert iking from the RAncorti Inprovernent Commis- sioners to be £67,500, and the Bank interest £l4 16s. 9d. The balance of the account for the half year ended June 3Jth, 1893, was 16s. id. ; the mortgage and bond debts, £2,400 the holders of shares in the capital of the company entitled to 'a preferential dividend, being a sum equal to 28 years' purchase of the amount of such dividend, £24,437; ordinary sharelinider3 ret account, £37,500; balance of new boiler acccunt, 7s. Bd.; Parliatnen- tory expenses and law costs to the 31st March, 1894, £BB7 95.; accountants charges in connection with the sale, £lO5 ; bankers commission on division of capital, £5O ; amount transferred from revenue account to capi- tal account, under the title of depreciation fand in the years 1879-80, £l,OOO ; balance, £903 43.; total, £67,514 163. 9d. The revenue account showed a balance from the half-year ending June 30th, 1893, after dividends amounting to £750 had been paid, £451 17s. 4e1.; water rates, rents, fittings, and meter rents realised £2.007 14s. 11d.; stock taken by the Runcorn Improvement Commissioners, as per valuation, £503 134.; amount transferred from revenue to capital account, under the title of depreciation fund, in the year 1879,80, less stock credited to revenue account in 1879 to 1893, £479 25.11 d. charged in revenue account for extension in mains in 1880, £97 .193. 7d.• total, £3,51-4 lie. 4d. The credit side showed that after meeting all expenses there re- mained a balance of £1,288 7s. id. Mr. Salkeld pre- sented the auditors certificate which stated that every thing had been found correct upon examination.—The Chairman in proposing the adoption of the accounts and that the dividend mentioned be paid remarked that that was the last meeting of the company at which they would declare a dividend. He felt a sort of lingering regret in parting with 'an Ins'itution in which he had been so greatly interested. Like many other things it had been troublesome in its infancy, and they had great trouble to get it into working order in ordnr that divi- dends might be paid. After much carefulness and watchfulness the company had become prosperous, and had sold the works now to the Runcorn Improvement Commissioners. He thougt.t the Commissioners had made a good purchase for the town and would find it to their advantige,—Mr. Timmins seconded and the leport and accounts were unanimously adopted.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COMPANY'S OFFICIALS.

The Chairman ob3erved that during the passing of the Runcorn Commissioners Act, 1893. a clause was inserted to the effect that the company's officials might be remu- nerated by a fit amount for being deprived of their income. At the time of transfer they had had to give notice to their officials that their services would no longer be required. Some were taken over lw the Commission- ers and some were not, and the directors had given the matter of remuneration their careful consideration. Their recommendation which would require the shareholders approval, was that the following sums be paid :Mr. Salkeld. £l5O ; Mr, James L. Palin, £4O ; Mr. Walter Jones, £4O; and to the office boy £5. The auditors had been appointed yearly but the directors thought that as they had had considerable trouble lately £5 should be given to each of them.—Mr. Hayes seconded the propo- sition saving that all had been very efficient servants.— The recommendation was adooteci.—Mr. Foulkes and Mr. Collier both expressed their thanks for the consider- ation they had received as auditors from the share- holders.

THE

“EXAMINER” STEAM PRINTING WORK

BEWSEY STREET. WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
THE REMUNERATION OF THE DIRECTORS.

Mr. Foulkes asked Mr. Ashton if the present was the proper time to speak of remunerating the directors who had worked so hard for such a number of vears.—Mr. Ashton replied in the affirmative.—Mr. Collier proposed that the sum of £7OO be given to the directors.—The proposition was seconded by Mr. Timmins with a slight alteration, viz., that the amount be £750. —The Chair- man said that the proposition was not one which could be passed at that meeting as no notice had been given of such a matter.—Mr. Collier then moved that a meeting be convened for the purpose of considering the matter on the 28th May, at 3 p.m. He accepted Mr. Timmins alteration, namely, that the sum should be £750 and he would have great pleasure in proposing that amount at the next theeting.—Mr. Timmins seconded, and the motion was carried.—Mr. Salkeld having returned thanks to the directors and shareholders for their kind- ness, a vote of thanks was accordea the Chairman which terminated the proceedings.

1 _ ,••,-.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

One Charge secures /nsertion of the undermentioned Adver tisements in ALL the FIVE EXAMINERS. WANTEDS, TO BB LETS, I_B WORDS, UD.,' 0/f SALES, And 3d. for each succeeding 9 words.

One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 Os. 6d. ... is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. 27 Os. 9d. ... is. 101. ... 38. Od. 36 is. Od. ... 2s. 6d. ... 4s. ed. 45 is. 3d. ... 3s. id. ... ss. Od. 54 is. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6s. Od.

Advertisers of Situations Wanted, Situations Vacant, Apart' - ments Wanted, Apartments to be Let, Partnerships Wanted Money Wanted, Specific Articles for Sale by Private Contract Miscellaneous Wants, Houses and other Premises to be Let of Soli, have thus the opportunity of WIDE PUBLICITY AT A CHEAP RATE. Advertisemantsrecelved at any of the District Offices, or may be sent to the Chief Offices, Warrington. Stamps received for - amounts under ss.

TILE EXAMINER SERIES

LANCASHIRE A CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPER

• (a 4

===== 0002601_18940512_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
COMPRISES

T HE TVarrington 4 11fid-Cheslire Examiner, pub— lished Saturday morning. The district covered by the Paper comprises many populous manufacturing towns anfl villa.ges, and a large agricultural tract.

THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner,and Ashton,. GoThorne, and Haydock Reporter, published Friday afternoon. The district is in the heart of the Lancashire coal. field.

TE &Helens Examiner and Preseot Weekly Newt published Friday afternoon. The district comprises the centre of the Glass, Chemical, and Watch Trades of the King- dom. Icc.

THE Runcorn Exanzincr, published Friday after- noon. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district. offers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers.

rrHE Wicht,ls Examiner, published Friday after-- noon. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical, Works of any town in the kingdom, and is rapidly becoming- = important centre of industry. Auction, Education, Wanted, To be Let, On Sale, Legal Pu lie Meeting, Sermon, Lecture, Bazaar, and other Publit Notices, Advertisements (except ParliamentarVare inserted la, all the above papers at one charge.

Each of the above papers consists of 8 psgPs. 56 long and wide columns,each column admitting more matter than the' columns of any other local paper—a fact deserving the atten tion of both advertisers and subscribers. Each Examiner, la addition to giving the local intelligence of the district, in, which it circulates, contains the general news of-the week.

Price of each Paper—ONE PENNY.

pIZINTING,

OOKBINDING, AND

SPECIATMY :

LITHOGRAPHY,

ENVELOPES

PER 11000•

PA'' NG PRINTER; arn now-a-days sought for by business tnn who study real economy. in announcements which they wish the public to notice ; as well as by Friendly Societies, Trade Unions, Trading Associations and Companies, in the careful proluction of Itep3rts, Balance Sheets &c..; and by Musical Unions, Pastors, and Choir Conductors, for neatly and tastefully arranged

PROGRAMMES, BOOKS OF WORDS. WINDOW BILLS, PLACARDS, .te.

THE WARRINGTON EXAMINER,

GENERAL PRINTING DEPARTMENT

Has an established reputation for giving Careful ang Prompt Attention to the wanto of all Customers; and its facilities for the production of Good Work of every kind—from the smallest typographic trifle te the biggest mural "Mammoth "—are available to the public, at prices which are strictly moderate. Care- less, inartistic, and slovenly printing is the bane of business men. They find it doesn't pay to have 1t even at "the lowest tender."

:

•

THE " EXAMINER " WORKS, BEWSEY-STREET PROGRAMMES FOR BAZAARS. PROGRAMMES FOR SALES OF WORK. PROGRAMMES con • BALLS. PROGRAMMES FOR CONVERSAZIONES PROGRAMNIES con SOIREES. PROGRAMMES. CONCERTS. PROGRAMMES 'FETES, .tc.

FOR Tali

.

GENERAL PRINTING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION Executed with Neatness and Despatch.

PRINTING- FOli CORPORATIONS.

PRINTING FOR LOCAL BOARDS.

PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIANS,

PRINTING FOR PUBLIC COMPANIES,

PRINTING FOR SCHOOL BOARDS,

PRINTING FOR CHURCHES,

===== 0002601_18940512_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINTING FOR C11AP131.9 "

PRINTING FOR MERCHANTS,

PRINTING FO g LOAN OFFICES,

PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFF! CBS,

PRMTING FOR MANUFACTURERS.

pRINTING FOR SOLICITORS.

PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS,

PRINTING FOR BANKS,

PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS.

PRINTING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES.

PRINTING FOR BUILDING SOCIBTIBS

PRINTING FOR CRICKET CLUBS.

PRINTING FOR TRADESMI3III

Auctioneers' Sale Bills, Catalogues, Conditions of Sale Circulars, Pamphlets, Price Lists, Programmes for Concer°.; Soirees, Balls, &e.; Rules for Friendly, Building, 8.7, Co-operative Societies; Cricket Club Rules, Time Sheets Oa Books, Note Headings, Memorandums, Work Notes, Bill lieaa° Business, Visiting, and Mourning Cards, Handbills, Sm.

Solicitors, Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and ' requiring Printing of an description, are requested to gWe

===== 0002601_18940512_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
PLACARDS ANY SIZE OR COLOUR.

THE " LEVIATHAN " PLACARD'

Single Sheet, sft. 3ln. by 3ft. 91n.

THE LARGEST IN THE DISTRICT. A aIONSTRE PLACARD may be formed by .0411" • plumber of the " LEVIATHAN" SHEETS.

CONCERT PROGRAMMES, TICKETS, BOOKS OF WORDS, POSTBRS, ac•

;EXAM !NEE " STEAM PRINTING WOlO

BEWSEY STREET, W ARRINGTON.

.- 0-2 40, 520, 955. 1140, 1235. 225, 3 43. 10 I. 2 40, 9 45. 1, i'6°'°-5 45. 7 10, 8 35, 1040, 12 35, 3 43. 6 35, T 17. ir• Sundays 8 43. 60. siiita2ll Green-7 12,7 56.8 37,9 5,a9 30.10 40,12,0,1 5, 2 5,4 0, Z 4E' unlo, 633, b 7 0, 8 0, 8 37, c 9 30, alo 15. Sundays 9 0, 11 25, 'lB. cadondays and Saturdays only. biLuns 5 minutes 14...?_11 Saturdays. cSaturdays excepted. hi'alr, and Cadishead (Central)- 70, 7 55, 8 21, 70, 10 G. 1.::_43", 8 56, 10 12, 3 17. 15, 7 18, 9 28. Ir4c.ad ford-From Arpley Station-6 A, 7 22. 80,9 0, 58, 11%4' 12 40, 1 16, 233, 411,518,613.73, 745, 98. 8 50, 3 8. 818. aSat nrdays only. 7-77.1)".51 (L. & N.-W.)-523. 710, S 20, 835. 105. 1335. 4 ate 2 40, 55, 6 10, 78, 10 20. Sundays 5 20, T 45, 843, ' ,48. 50. 9 45. From High Level Platform. 11,-ger„93ol (Frona Low Level Piatform)-7 38, 825,1) 0,1014. 0, 3 20, 5 12,6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 7 50. I% • erYwool (Cheshire Lines)-24 20, 530, 7 12, 7 56, 8 37, 11.5' 950, 1024, 10 35, 1050, 11 50, 120, 12 50. 12 57. Ste • 25, 2 50, 332, 350, 40, 4 50. 5 29, 5 50, 610, 50,' 0,7 5C,8 0, 50,9 6, 9 18, 10 10,10 45, alllo, 1139. lo 430, 530. 90, 9 55, 11 25, 220, 2 32. T S, 830, 918, 10 a 3. altxcept Lt (I°Tl (L.& N.-W.)-a2 57, 5323. 7 10, 950, 1045, 12 1, tit:ll, 5 15, 11 35. Sundays 2 57,10 15,4 20, 11 35. "Mon- ' excepted. bNi onidays only. allidlawl)--6 14. 9 59, 1139, 12 55, I 20,5 0, 11 a. L'aYs 11 45 a.tn 425 p.m. 4 IPun-6 20,7 22, 80. 9 0, 9 53, 1049, 12 40,1 16, 2 38, 5 18, 6 13, 78, a 7 45, 98. sundayi 85), 38,1 1. iellaTs only. From Arolry Station. tialleheater (L. & N.-W.)-2 45, 8 25. 10 40, 12 14, 2 0, 3 20, S 5. 7 17, 8 33. Sundays 2 45. 7 40, 7 47. allondays • Prom High Level Platter m. 7 2oulohester (From Bank Quay Low Level Platform)-6 20, lieki,L7 55. 8 57, 9 55, 10 46, 1 14. 2 35. 4 9, 6 10, 7 5, 9 5, 11 40. 1f,74',01 8 46, 3 5, 8 15, 11 40. *From Arpley Station. I rirt,e/lester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 155, 8 21. 8 55, 90, • 0 56, 1125, 1155, 1255, 155, 255. 355, 4 55, 5 55, se inv. 755, 8 12, 55, 9 55, alO 0, 10 5, alllO, 11 50. Sundays 37. 10 12, 35, 3 17, 5 15, 7 18, 8 55, 9 22, 9 28, 9 55. 14415 only. redlleyeictl'i 35, 1045. 2 35. 5 35, 7 28. 35, 1 42,2 35, 535, 7 28. Sundays 10 15 a.m. 12 Ir°n-le-Willows -2 45, 5 45, 7 10, 8 35, 9 19, 10 0, 16,47, 12 35. 3 20, 3 48, 5 35, 6 25, 7 17, 9 10, 1016. p_.,'4311 2 45, 8 43, 335, 50, 60, 9 45. s"gate-7 0, 755, 8 21, 10 27, 12 27, 2 17, 528, 7 0, 8 40, ist, Sundays 886 10 12, 3 50, 5 15, 928. 226 eekiA -2 40. 5 20, 5 45, 8 35, 9 55, 10 0, 11 40, 12 35, 1146' 3 48,6 18, 7 17, 8 47. Sundays 2 40, 8 43, 3 35, 60, hula Sar,,e°rn-7 38, 8 25, 100. 11 48, 2 0, 32 0.5 12, 6 17, 80, (for I'enketh)-7 55, 95,10 5. 110, 120, 15, 25, 1125' ',.,. 529, 6 10, 70,80, a 9 30, 510 15,10 43. Sundays 90, 9 18. aSaturdays excepted. &Saturdays only. • •C.) iSt. •61.1e1ms--5 25, 7 10, 8 2/, 835, 10 5, 127, 12 35,3 30, 3a, 78, 9 10, 10 20. Sundays 8 35, 60, 9 45. (Cheshire Lines) -7 12, 8 37, a 9 30, 11 15, 46ftt 15. 40, 53, 6 33, 9 10. Sundays 9 4), 25, 8 50, hel only, ---5 20, 722, 80. 9 0, 958, 10 49,12 40,1 16.2 38,4 n, ,) 78. a 7 45, 98. Sundays, 8 50, 38, 818. a Satur- vn From Arpley Station. Ate ( L. and N.-oi-) -733, 8 25, 10 0, 10 14, 11 48, 20, wid 12, 6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays. 8 48. 2 40, 7 50. b. 2 :51,s (Che.shire Lines) -753, 95, 1) 5, 110, 120, 15, ;.; 4Q, 529.tt 10. 70, 830, 9 10, a 9 30. 510 15. Sun- nily. 9 40, 2 32, 9 18, aSaturclays excepted. &Saturdays 'VC ts. - 2 40. 5 2). 545. 710. 8 35. 955, 1140, 11 40. 12 35, 46 4%41. 535 618 717 847, 10 5. Sundays 2 40, 8 43, . 9 45

TO WARRINGTON FROM 29, itton. Tiridge-6 34, 7 45. 8 52, 11 40, 38. 436. 6 44, 4 3? 36.4.1.ntr:ti9':g,751,536 , '23, 8 39, 13 4. Sundays 9 35, 2 41. •20 2-- and Hillhouse-9 14, 1 16, 7 18, 8 24, 949. Sundays 313ai,r1A6r,: :1417 n (L. & N.-W.) -11 15, 3 10, 0. 7 20, 90, 11 33, 25, 11. 5. Sundays 11 15, 3 10, 12 15, 70. 4--5...-innigham (N11dlan1)-6 5, 8 5.0, 11 30, I 23, 2 40, 5 45, 1a."13483,6103 11 19. t.-,undays 4 33, 40. 11 1.9. it il'xcept Black,* 4,1 c ouni_B 33, 8 50, 10 55.12 45, 2 4,3 13,6 30, 755, 1015. 8 0, 5 40. 7 • 191k;')31 (Talbot Road)-8 12, .847 9 55, 1 20, 35, 5 25, 10 0. Sundays 7 25, 1 40, a 1.5„8 40 44C01 (Central)-3 0. 8 27. _3 55,_9 55.,10 25, 20. 2 63, • 6 55 8 15 •s 7 10. 1 0, 4 b 5, 6 09. t • ....1M( _ _ D. 25, 4 1" 5 55 5 45, 30, 8 40, 10 33. ‘5, .4 13. Sundays 6 10. 9 23 p.m. s_..isle-6 50. 840, 1234, 140, 422, sn. 841. Suulays utia.bl.• 8 41, 12 10 p.m. 0, 7 25, 845, 940, 1 '4O 1 25, 2 10, 635 7 35, 0. Su 10 12. "nda 2 0.6 30 a.m., .% s 4 13°0,114" Green-6 39, 7 16. 3 42. 10 9, 13 39. 10, eq. 4 6.5 23, 6 23, 7 47, 9 16, 10 4-i. Sundays 649 "R!"-2 3, 4 4,, 6 0, 6 40, 8 13. 923,115,1110, 150. 235, 930. Sundays 23, 4 42, 7,2 40.4 0, 9 12. . 21 1 3'lY'B 16 10 17, 11 43, 2 47, 5 42, 813. Suudays 31,`03----8 15, 10 20, 1 10, 35, 350, 4 45, 0.8,,1.,y 3, al.. 2 35, Parbtu."ays 7 33, 6 18, 6 50, 3 33. • i3;cleP ,11 16,...1„, 1 -04-4:---, _596,53, 60, , 9 7350.3 43'3' 49 1. 013. 1/ 29. 12 50, :715:%1 2, 1050. Sundays .101144 b. N ,;;, 9 55. aSatude.. rys only. -10 20, 2 0 60, 9 10. Sundays 60, 9 10. Ferry .t n,.Peetli-7 12. 95.9 43, 13 23, 3 17, 327, Pr 857, Sundays 832, 257, 8 1., 61, LZ ,--•i4M-7 55 93, 102, 11 27, 232, 47, 5, a"in (Cliesh;re Lines)-5 54, 627.7 50' 9, e A 57. 7 57. f 4 0 9 ,10 48, 11, 8-2-i' 11, 4 2n, 4 56. 53. 556. 657, 93, ' 1 2.1. SLII4- 510 2 'o'3 7 449 651 841. 42 (1-04131e)w. -10.10(:20. 550, 9".5, fllniays 5 53, 95. . • , )nit.---6 44 326. 1022, 1223. 1 54, 2 41, 535, 820, 91, 40‘. ,Indays 9 40, 75, 6IQ ifireen-6 40. 83, 825,9 10, 10 3, 1 14, 15$. 225, 4 30, 43.611 35. Sundays 837, 920, 3 31.4 55. Iria„ Cadishead (Central)-6 58. 7 33, 950, 12 55, 54, Lat,,;". Sun:lays 10 59, 6 50, 8 35. 10 0. 4 0,4-2'f'r4-8 13. 8 40, 932106. 11 17, 120.. al 45,, 28 3133. 44. 7-32 i 65 46. 67 6 49, 749. 942, 1127. Sundays , asaturda'ys only. bbaturdays exec 1 0 8 r'te9"2o, 11 50, lae irjAm (via Barlenown)--a2 6 7339 20 6 39; 8 5 35. 75. 3 35. 10 5, *ll 15. Sundays , g iv s.'': • blionday' only. *7;aturdays only. 20t4 ,-6 25-820 95, 105 1237, 1 30. 2 40, 3 35, 420, -5. 810, 10'4.5 Sutways 7 45, 210 7 23. 10 45. _ 36 ZP')cl (Centr:t.l)-5 45, 6 10,7 30, 8 30, 8 40, 8 43. 9 302 t io 4 ;30,1120, 11 30, 11 55, 12 30, 12 40, 1 30, 1 50. 2g. °. 4 30, 4 0,0, 4 Si, 5 30, 5 36, 6 30, 6 35. 7 30, 8, 0 30, alo 45. 11 0, 11 30. Sundays 80, 9 0, 230, 6 30, 8 30, 9 30. cogondayq and Saturdays only. 1,'539 (L. & N.. 11,7- 12 0, 5 15, 7 15. 10 19, 2 10, 1° 0. Sundays 10 0 a.m., 50, 10 0. 12 0. 12 _ _ p.4-uc", 01.1dland)-5 15, 10 5, 12 0, 20, 40, 5 0, g 9 lb, ons " 15, 120. a moopt. Mondays _ 410 -24 48 -a 5, 32 9 23, 9 si, 119 111, g 1 37, 2 - 5.259,- 41,7 4.1, 9 7.3, 11 19. Sun days 28, Zl5 aSaturdt.ys only bSaturdays excePtel• 3l,,ter 8; )-8 0. 70, 85, 9 49, 1525, 15, 9 0. 1° , 4 25, 5 10, 7.5, 9 20, 1043. Sundays & . Air rum 14:x0lang, 1‘ 6, 2.-t*T (L(° ud -;:oad)-7 15. 750. 9 25. 10 35, 18 35, ' 40. ao. 3 43, 855, 520, 65, 75, 855. 1045. Sundas ,CI. 6 40. aSauriays only. bSaturdays exoept ,ed. 38 n..!st.,r (cheshir,, Lines)-6 48, T 20, 8 30. a 8 5 4 47: 'Th3, 10 30, 10 45. 11 30. 12 30. 12 45, 1 30. 2 31. 3 30, 4 au, Ys a 37',6 10. 6 30, 730, 830. 833, 9 50, alo 50, 11 0. Sun- `l.lt 15. 9 30, 10401 40. 20,2 5, 6 30. 8 15, 9 40. a34.,a- -kq•-• Satur iaya only. b 3, 11 37. 2 42, 6 1. , 6. 11 55, 323, 553. 657. Bundays 15,4 4E. __ le 407 Tri-le-Willow;,--6 55, 7 30, 8 9 2.4, 9 45, 11 11.3. 6„. 3 4, 4 55, 5 5. 5 49, 6 27, 8 35, 9 9, 11 2. Z)/4„.",_4 4 3 55. 7 20, 11 5. a and bSatnrdays only. °Pt 11177 51. 109, 19, 5 17, 916. Sundays 853. Zl/5.4",1„,""-42 7. 5 50. 95, 9 39. 1115, 11 20, :215. 2 40. • , 645,7 50, 935.10 47, Sundays 2 7.835,3 15,6 cliondnrs cr<cvpted. /Monday mornings only. 't6 -;'-'r),-8 79 9'9 V' 1- 12 ^9 130 253, 440, 5 40. , , , 5, 6 . ** Bt f"xv,,, (for Penla.th)-6 51.514 845, 927, 10 19, 1124, 43;5 9 8. (c. IT. 3 44, 5 21, 5 40, 6 22, 723, 934. Sundays 8 49, . 25 70. 8 28, 9 15, 1115, 125, 5250. 130 40, 4.45, SU. 6 1 729, 90. IC' *ll 20. Sundays , 91-.. 55. 9 4 • t s ouiv. ▪5O uat •PK"rt, sa• uo 8 10. 9 0, 10 20. 11 25, 10. 2 15. r. 19.8 5, (7'9 CI., "9'33. •'-un.laYs 90,2 5, 8.0. aSatm- , Th la, ebF,- ail; 20 -8 9. 834, 923, 10 2, 11 13, 115, al 41, 29. 265, -., 7 63, 6 45, 745, 9 37, 11 23 Sundays 8 29, al7.:atursays only. LSaturnays excepted. (L. 855 9 33.:0 33, 12 20.12 58,2 19, 55, 6 46)-?: 50, 11 6. Sundays 824, 2 50, 7 53, 7 4n 1c.,12e511,1re Lines) 8 30. 9 139,1.6;_, , 1112.6 8 2 12425. 3 36 . 127, u, 9 9 '1 -0, 5 69, 6 12, 7 16, 7 56. 9 !J. Wlticl v 7. b 3 5 6 P 33' 355. 9 31, 1010. 11 42. 1215,5 43, • - ,3,8.1.0, 852. 1030. Sundays 23, 930, 43, aliaceDt Nlorntsys. Olundays 03IY• i AD - i15;e1.1.4 • CURED WITHOUT OPERATION.-S. J. Sherman. b-4.ee'anche 11"1",t, 64, Chancery-i ale, London ; 26, King- -414,i'n -st !./.'er • and 4. Burlington-chambers, New-street.. ..Rhtrn t 4141 44:. on rupture .and evil el trusses, post

0 MI 111

John Drury, a well-known figure in Warrington, and for a long number of years associated with the Temperance cause in the town celebrated his seven- tieth birthday laq week. A tea aril meeting was held in the Workingmen's Gospel Tern ,eranee Mis- sion Hall in the evening when the workers in con- nection with the mission and a few invited friends were present. An interesting feature of he even- ing's proceedings was the presentations which were made to several persons connec,ed with the mission. Mr. Drury who occupied the chair pre- sented on behalf of the committee a beautifully engraved glass jug to Mr. and Mrs. Kgginpczton, and also to Mr. and Mrs. Horrocks as an acknowlegment of their services in temperance work. Mr. -Rigby (secre- tary) presented Mr. Drury with some glass-ware and remarked that it was some thirty years since Mr. Drury signed the temperance pledge. He had pleasure in making him that present in commemoration of his seventieth birthday. Mr. If. Storey then read a list of siA)scribers, numbering 50, of friends and members of the Gospel Temperance Hall, who felt " that it was fitting that an acknowledgment of Mr. Drury's devoted services to the cause they had at heart should be made on the occasion of his 70th birthday." The total amount subscribed was £lO Ns. and £lO 103. 6d. of this amount was placed in a purse bearing the inscription " Presented to John Drury, on his 70th, birthday, May 4th, 1894." Mr. Storey said he had VW, joy in handing the purse to Mr. Drury, and he read a sonnet of his own composition on the event. Mr Drury, in acknowledging the gift, said he was unable to dad words to express his thankfulness to the subscribers. He had done cc hat he could to reform the poor drunkard. He didn't think that he had so many friends in Warring- ton who thought of him and his efforts in the cause of temperance, but he was determined as lone as he was spared to still go on in the work.—Mr. Wm. Roberts read a letter from Miss Bessie Dutton, president .f the Tem- perance, Mission, regretting her inability to be present at the meeting, and sating that she would have delighted in co-operating personally in their work of doing honour to so high-minded, indefatigable, and devoted a worker in their glorious old cause as Mr. Drury. Mr. Roberts said he had known Mr. and Mrs. Drary almost as 'soon as they came to Warrington, and he looked upon him as a very valuable servant in the cause of temperance. It was often said of their temper- ance men that they were extreme men and some had been wicked enough to say that they were not Christian men. He could say that of all the men he had known in connection with the temperence movement they had been Christian men. They were told also that temper- ance men were the most intemperate in their speeches. But they believed that they could not speak too strongly on the evils of intemperance. There were some in that room who knew too well what terrible results accrued from the use of intoxicating liquors. Mr. Drury was one of those who had laboured in the days when tem- perance was unpopular, and now that they saw the dawn of a brighter and better day they revered such men for their past labours.—Mr. 'Daft referred to some recent criticisms on temperance workers, and spoke of the importance of women workers in the temperance cause. —Messrs. Hnrrocks, Tanner, Stringer hnd S. Blythe also spoke, referring to Mr. Drury's work in cnnection with temperance.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE.

MAY. FROM WARRINGTON TO

Acton Bridge-7 10,7 35, 823, 1045, 1 42, 2 Ss, 6 lb, 6 36, Sundays 10 15 a.m. Aintree-7 12, 8 37, 1 14, a 3 15, a 9 10. Suudays 9 40, 26, 450. a Stops if required. Altcar and Hillhouse-7 12, 8 37, all 15.1 14. a 3 15,44 OA B. 01111.1ays 9 40, 2 5,8 50. a Stops if requirea. 6 Birrningham (L & 1,; -W.) a 3 23, 710, 950, 12 1, 2 11, 3 11, 15. 11 35. Sundays 2 57. 10 15, 4 20, 11 35. a Maulays 4141".

3"ll,,Zham (Midland)-6 14. 9 32, 11 55, 12 55, 3 20, 60, 46. 11 52. Sundys 11 45. 4 25,5 15 p.m. Urn -v 40, 5 20, 5 45, 8 33, 9 55,11 40.12 55, 2 25, 345, 11 us. 8 47. Sundays 843. 6 0. °Saturdays Excepted. 71.kP001-3 45, 35, 955. 10 0, 11 40, 12 35, 25, 3 48, 6 18, 7, 8 47. Sundays 2 40. 8 43 60. ~„laokoa-2 45, h 25, 919. 10 40.. 12 14, 3 20, 421, 6 25, Sandays 7 40 a.m., 7 47 p.m. ,_Carliale-2 40, 5 20, 54 5,9 55, 11 40, 2 25, 3 48, 10 lb. San- -71_2 40, 5 20. • "gmeter-7 42, 95, 10 23, 12 7, 12 15, 1 40, 1 50, 3 11, 422, •11.. 4,7 42. 1014, 11 32. Sundays 8 44, 7 45, 11 32. 4 Collins Green-7 10, 8 20, 10 5, 12 7, 1235. 30, 3 43, 66, 10 7a, 9 10, 10 20. Sundays 8 43, 60. 2 we-a 2 57,5323,7 10, 7 35. 8 28, 950. 10 45, 12 1, 142,2 11 11, 5 15, 728. 11 35. Sundays 2 57, 10 15, 4 2), 11 35. 7,4lldays except,3d. blionda s only. si..,:nresimry-7 42, 9 5, 12 15, 150. 3 17, 5 11, 6 4,7 42, 10 14. 114 Ta 8 44, 745. 46:71,7 Midland-6 14, 9 59, 11 55, 12 55, 3 20, 6 e, 11 53. 7811 45 a.m., 4 25 p.m. 3 restown -7 10, 8 25, 8 35, 10 5, 12 T, 12 35, 3 be, 35, 78. 9 10. 10 Q. Sundays 8 35, 8 43, 456, 60, b.

aldistburgh-2 40, SM. 9 55, 11 40, 12 35, 2 ES, & 48, 10 li. -7,`,4sYs 2 40 a.m. 9 45 p.m. igthller's Ferry Sc Penk, th -7 38, 8 25, 10 0, 11 48, 0, 17. 130, 948. Sundays 848, E 40.7 50. 7 se7hara-7 4?, 95, 1023, 12 15, 1 50, S 17.4 !!,5 11, I( 4, 15 14. /,111", tota (Cheshire Line.)-7 12,'7 55, 837. 95, 10 49, 12 9, 0, 529. 6 10, 57 0, 80. c 9 30, dlO 15, 11 39. Sun- sold;9 O. 9 55, 11 25, 2 32, 75, 9 16, 10 15. Satt3rdys . • Clans 5 minutes later on Saturdays. cSaturdays ex-

glaagow

===== 0002601_18940512_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON FOOl BALL CLUB.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SEASON'S RESULTS.-1893-94. Matches played 42, Won 30. Lost 9. Drawn 3.

Where lie- For

Against.

Date. Club played. sit. G. T. G. T. Sept. 2 Mossley A Won 0 1 ... 0 0 „ 14 St. Helens Recreation „ 16 Widnes „ 23*Broughton Rangers A Lost tl 0 ... t 2 0 .. 25 Stockport .. 30*Tyldesley Oct. 7 *Wigan A Lost 0 1) ... t 1 0 „ 14*Broughton H Won 3 4 ... 0 1 ~ 21*01dham „ 28*Salford H Won 1 1 ... 0 0 Nov. 4 Manchester Rangers „ 11*Barrow H Won 0 2 ... 0 1 „ 18 Blackley H Won tl 1 ... 0 1 „ 25 Moseley Dec. 2*Rochdale Hornets „ 4 Landsdowne H Won 1 4 ... 0 1 „ 9*Swinton A Drawn 0 1 ... 0 1 „ 16 Manchester Rangers „ 23 Lancaster A Lost 0 1 ... tl 1 „ 16 Kendal Hornets „ 30 Rugby H Won 16 3 ... 0 0 Jan. 1 St. Helens Recreation A Drawn 0 1 ... ,1 1 „ 13*Broughton Rangers ~ 20*Tvldesley ~ 27*Wigan H Won 0 2 ... 0 0 Feb. 3 Moseley „ 6 Rugby A Won 2 2 ... 0 1 „ 10*Broughton A Won 1 0 ... 0 0 „ 17*Oldham ~ 24*Salford A Won 1 1 ... 0 0 March 3 *Barrow A Won 0 1 ... 0 1 10*Itochdale Hornets „ 17*Swinton H Won 1 1 ... 0 0 „ 23 St. Helens H Won 1 0 ... 0 1 „ 24 Manchester A Lost 0 0 ... 0 1 „ 26 Lancaster „ 31 Widnes April 7 St. Helens „ 14 Stockport „ 19 Kendal tfornets „ 21 Broughton Rangers „ 18 St. He!ens Recreation

34 59 ... 12 24 12 24

Marlty in favour of Warrington... 22 35 Warrington have Pclred 333 points against 119. *Lancashire Cap Tie. t Dropped goal. / Penalty goal.

THE SCORERS. The scoring has been consistently good all round, and the backs naturally claim the leading positions. Potts leads the way with a dropped goal, a penalty vat and nine tries, closely followed by James Bate and Carey with nine tries each. Evans stands by himself with eight tries, whilst John Massey, John Bate, and J. Tay- lor are all bracketed together with six tries ( aCh ; F. Barber, J. Berry, J. Jolley, and G. Dakin have all suc- ceeded in crossing the line on five occasions, whilst that veteran player,Fair. Turner has three tries to his credit, and J. Houghton and F. Heesom two tries each. Single points have been scored by F.Broady,J.Higham,E.Bailey, W. Handles, S. Buckley, W. Nevins, J. Holmes, J. T. Thorniley, W. Burton, and T. Donohue. Goals fmm tries have been placed by Potts 10, neesom and Evans 7 each. Fair. Turner 3, and Taylor and Phillips 1 each. Fair. Turner dropped a goal from a fair catch against Broughton Rangers away. SUPPER AT TIIE NORTON ARMS.

Thursday last week Mr. Percy Davies. president of the Warrington Football Club, entertained the players of the first and A. teams, and also the offi- cials of the club in the Norton Arms Hotel,the club's headquarters. Amongst those present were Mr. Thomas Morris, Mr. William Pierpoint, J.A., and Alder- man Flutchinscn, The loyal and patriotic toasts were duly honoured,whilst the toast of the evening, " Succsss to the Warrington Foothill Club," prop•seA by Mr. Morris, was received with enthusiastic cheers. In replying, the president referred to the honourable position the native players of Warrington held in the Lancashire League. Though standing third in the League, their position was by far the most honourable, because every metnbei of the first fifteen and also of the A team was a Warrington man born and bred, whereas in Oldham,with its population of 100,000, not more than four,if ther, were so many, were genuine Oldham men ; the others were from here, there, and everywhere ; and Swinton,though representing the finest players of Manchester aryl Salford, with a population of half a million, were also a nondescript club as regards membership. Warrington had, therefore, great reason to be proud of her native-born players. Mr. Davies presented a silver jug to Mr. John Bate, captain of the first team, and also a silver cup to Mr. Morris, as president or the cycling club, as a prize to he competed for at the foiticoming cycling sports. Messrs. Anderton. Parr, Mounfi,Ad, Taylor, Perry, Forshaw,and Haynes contributed to the musical proceedings of the evening, Mr. Thomas Lane, o,rganist, of Walton Church, being the accompanist.

PRESENTATION TO A WARRINGTON TE.IIPERANCE VETERAN.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON TECHNICAL INSTITUTE.

Wednesday last weekbeing the concluding evening I ot the session for the class on building construction held at the School of Art, opportunity was taken for a brief but interesting ceremony, the occasion being the presentation of a prize awarded by Mr. H. J. Angel, A.U.1.8.A., the lecturer, to Mr. W. J. Ball for the best work done during the session and most regular attendance. The presentation was made by Mr. F. Monks, J.P., C.C., the ohairtm-in of the Committee. In a few remarks,Mr. Monks spoke words of congratu- lation and encouragement to the students. Referring to Lila own early experience, he told how, with few and primitive in,truments, he worked geometrical problems on the floor of his workshop, 'lnd thus by industry, per- severance and strict adhtsion to the path of duty, he built the (Froat business which he now enjoys, Con- trasting Coe present advantages obtained at the Institute with those of his own early life, he showed in how much better a position the present eay students were situated in being equipned for the battle of life, and he looked forward with great expectation to the future of the students. One may form an idea of he interest taken in the class by the students when it is mentioned that three students have never missed ail attVrtanre, one has only been b,zent once, and several others come very near those fl:2llret, NAide t ni drawings and other wet k on the whole have been excellent ; great asßista.nce being derived from the very complete set of building models possessed by the Institute.

WfIRTIr KNOWINWOOPEND'S FAMOUS NINE OILS. 13 a boon to sufferers and sets like rrugie in all ea,Ps Of R4EUMATISM, SPRAINS, BRUISES. and STIFF JOINTS. Price Is. 4d. rer bottle. carriage paid.—J.WooDEND. chemist, 22, Pitt-strea, Llverpool.—Ada.

At the monthly meeting of the Warrington Rural Sanitary Authority held on Friday, the Rev. G. F. Roberts presiding, Mr. R. _Heaton proposed that the Authority should appoint a deputation to attend the conference of Urban and Rural Sanitary Authorities to be held in London, and the pro- position was seconded by Mr. W. Houghton. Mr. R. Ownti said : "I object to the proposition on these grounds. They had outside the Warrington boun- dary a great nuisance in the shape of the Warrington Manure Works. It had devastated acres of land in the neighbourhood—or at least,ruisied their value for build- ing purposes. Through this the neighbourhood is denied the privileges of any other suburb in Warrington. The nuisance is an abominable one, and the smells which emanate from the works are nauseous and repulsive to the senses. At on" time gentlemen did reside in the neighbourhood, but they have been driven away. The nuisance 11,d continued Icr years, and yet that Autho- rity had never done one stroke of work to prevent it. Under these circumstances, he contended that it was farcical for them to send a deputation to study Sanitary Science when the Authority would not move to abate a nuisance which could easily be prevented." Mr. JOLLEY : I support Mr. Owen's objections. Let the Authority read the reports of the conference in the London newspapers if they wish to do so. The CHAIRMAN : I think the Authority has done whir t it cm in the matter, Mr. Owen. Mr. OWEN : Done what it can I deny it. Why the old system of burning the vegetable matter was far better than the present one. It is simply a matter of cooking the excreta and letting the noisome odours at large. It is more than humanity can bear. Mr. W. HOUGHTON : I think your argument would he better in support of the motion. Nuisances of all kinds can wily be cleared away by the aid of a knowledge of sanitary science.

Mr. 0 WENT : Then let a deputation requesting the Warrington Corporation to send someone to the confer- ence so that they, might beassisted to a knowledge of how to prevent the nuisance. Mr. It. HEATON : They are going to send. I might mention that the destructor of which Mr. Owen com- plains is a similar one to those used in the manure works of other large towns where no complaints are made about nuisances. Why not quarter of a mile from Man- chester Central Station there is one in a works where more manure is manufactured in a day than there is in a week in Warrington. _ _ . _

Mr. J. C. SUTTON said that there was no deubt the nuisance aluded to by Mr Owen was a very s.n.ious one and it required abating. Hitherto all the authority had done was to waste w-)rds and correspondence on the Warrington Corporation. He thought the time had, ar- rived now when nay should spend something on the subject, and enforce their points. Mr. OWEN'S objections however, he thought were only arguments in favour of the motion for it was only by getting a knowledge of the way other people dealt with these matters that they could hope to be able to suggest remedies.

Mr. OWEN : It isn't any use. The Corporation will not be dictated to by us. Thr motion was then put to the vote and was carriepl and the Chairman (the Rev. F. G. Roberts) the Clerk (Mr. S. Sutton) and Mr. R. Heaton were appointed as a deputation,

===== 0002601_18940512_art0114.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
r

===== 0002601_18940512_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
TB.E NEW PUBLIC HALL FOR WARRINGTON.

The following information about the new Public Hall which is now being erected by Mr. J. Charlton Parr is given us by the architect Mr. William Owen, of Cairo-street, by Mr, Parr's permission. The hall will stand on the South side of Palmyra Square, nearly adjoining the Gymnasium, parallel to the street and set back a yard and a half from the frontage line, so as to give a wider footpath for the public using it. The hall will be 108 feet by 64-? feet, inside, exclusive of an organ chamber 30ft. by 16 feet. The bcdy of the Hall on the ground floor will be 90ft.by 48-ft which is surrounded on its four sides with corriders 6,7, and 10 feet wide respe,- tively. Fronting the street will be an entrance hall 50 feet by 161 feet, with ladies' cloakroom, 20 feet by 16?; feet ; ladies' retiring room, 18 feet by 17 feet ; and lavatory accommodation at one end. At the other erad gentleman's cloakroom 181 feet by 15i feet, with lavatory accommodation. Access will be gained from the entrance hall into the inner corridor which surrounding the seat space on the ground floor, will give admission by eight doors to almost any portion of the hall without interruption. On the ground floor at the east end there will be iepar- ate rooms for gentlemen and lady speakers or per- formers with lavatory accommodation. On the gallery floor at the west end there will be a front gallery 121 feet wide and a back gallery 19 feet wide, whilst at the sides of the hall there will be galleries 13 teet wide. These side galleries by covering the corridors on the ground floor, project only over the bodv:of the hall about 5 feet. Entrance to the gallery is obtained at the west end by a stone staircase with steps 6, feet wide. The gallery has three exit doors two of which are staircases perfectly direct with two landings on each to break any fall. From the ground floor there are eight means of exit. The object of the corridor being continued round the body of the hall is to prevent draught when people are entering the hall. In the basement there is a heati:-.g chamber and fair sized kitchen. The platform has a width of 15 feet with a rising tier of steps behind for the accommodation of a choir. The platform is reached from the private corri- dor by stairs on either side. The organ chamber is immediately behind it and on the gallery level nere is a retiring room for lady choristers 181 -feet by 171 feet with lavatory accommodation in addition. By the removal of partitions between the ladies' cloakroom and the entrance hall and the gentlemen's cloakroom and entrance hall the entrance can be made 85 feet long and can be used as a refreshment room in connection with the hall. The clear height of the hall inside is 45 feet. Comfortably seated, inclusive of platform, the hall will accommodate about 1,500 people, but for political and other crowded meetings the hall will accommodate with fair comfort 2,000 people. The building has been designed by Mr. Owen, of Cairo-street Chambers, and the contract has been let to Mr. 11. W. Collin who is already engaged upon the work.

__•,._. LONGFORD DEPOT AGAIN.

"MORE TITAN HUMANITY CAN BEAR."

===== 0002601_18940512_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON RURAL SAMTA R,Y AUTHO RITY.

The monthly meeting of this Authority was held on Friday moming in the Board room of the Work- house. The Rev. G. F. Roberts presided, and there were also present : Messrs. W. Houghton, Smith, A. Jolley, R. Owen, R. Ileate,n, S. Sutton (clerk), Dr. Sephton (medical officer), and W. Owen (sur- veyor.)

===== 0002601_18940512_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTION OF CHAIRMAN AND VICE-CHAIRMAN.

The Chairman's term of office having expired, the Clerk was voted to the chair pro tern during the election of chairman. Mr. W. Houghton moved the re-election of the Rev. U. F. Roberts as chairman of the authority for the ensuing year. Mr. Smith f.e3onded the motion which was unanimously carried. The Chairman, in reply thanked the authority for the confidence they had reposed in him.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RIXTON I3URIAL GROUND QUESTION.

The Clerk mentioned that the routine work in connec- tion with the new burial ground at Hollinfare would soon be completed, and towards the end of this month they would he able to obtain consecration. To do this it would require a resolution to be moved by the Authority requestin7, the Bishops of Manchester to consecrate the portion marked out on the plan. ALLEGED NUISANCE AT SANKEY.

The CLIMB read a letter from Mr. Busill, a property owner, laying a complaint to the effect that the Oil Works at Sankey Bridges were a nuisance to his pro- perty, which was in close proximity, and pravine. the Authority to take steps to abate it.—lnspector KERFOOT, in reply tf) a question said he did not think the works were a nuisance.—lt was resolved that the Authority take no action in the matter.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
SUPPLY OF WATER AT POULTON.

The CLERIC read a letter from Mr. George Brimelow, stating that a resolution was passed at a recent meeting of the ratepayers of Poulton-with-Fearnhead,asking the Authority to lay a 6-inch main from Poulton Bridae, Padgate-lano,to Fearnhead Cross.—Mr. WM. HOUGITTON proposed that the request be acceded to.. The laying of the main would not cost a single penny to those who did not use the water.—Mr. R. HEATON seconded the motion, which was carried._

A new Ud'inet has been formed' in Chili by S-nor Entique M.clver, who is Premier and Minister of Ihe interior. The new Ministry is cuir•posc.A of Liberahs and Bo.dicalo. peen atives of the Miners' Federation of ar J Pain have met at the Westminister Town 11,11 T.ondon, to con-ider the question of rebtricting th; u sa tof 00,1. It was (lecided. after discussion, that ti,e consid,r:olm of the question be postponed unit, iltter, the Brim International Congress, which ib •or eet on \lay 14 It, xi' Math. s, who during an altercation on the lt; t• WS .1,3,1)1)13C1 svi,ll a dagger by student Rodrlku z at the Technical High School at C..rlstutie, has buccumbed to his injuries.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
MEXICAN CURE.

VNOWN AS REV. JOSEPH HOLMES' MEXI- CAN Prevriptien, is the only guaranteed Remedy for all those who suffer from the errors of youth, nervous weaknrss, exh3usted vitality, kidney, bladder, gravel, prost- at,' and kindred complakts, and has stood the test for 20 years. Send a self-addressed stamped envelope to JosEPu HoLmEs' Remedy Co., Bloomsbury Mansions, Bloomsbury q uare, London, and get full particulars of this great Remedy Sec; of charge.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0121.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
at"

===== 0002601_18940512_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
LATHERS FREELY IN THE HARDEST WATER.

Largest Sale of 1 lb. Tablets in the World. For 150 Wraprers the splendid Picture, "The Charge of the Light Brigade," in good gilt frame, will be sent carriage paid. Full particulars 03 each Wrapper.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
.5:;....;-::::.:',..:..:.%,..:..;,..

===== 0002601_18940512_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPAIRED DIGESTION,

CONSTIPATION, WE AK STOMACH

===== 0002601_18940512_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
DISORDERED LIVER

adman o SOOTHING POWDERS,

FOR CHILDREN CUTTING TEETH. IN OSE OVER FIFTY YEARS.

"JOHN STEEDMAN, CHEMIST, WALWORTHI SURREY."

is engraved on the Government Stamp affixed to each packet.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD FfilLY @MINE CHEST,

WITH a prudent use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon me: reduced to a more simple form. Take some good compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS;

and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious com- partments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but

COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Obsover.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
-4- • '''''. ... 40;:' • tr4ll. ,'' 4. V.".. W 175 el% : FREE FROM MERCURY. ..0: Ip,•, 1,.. -A ,•4•40-4 ' tq"4 , ,f.r\ 9 tz elm‘ *, ‘••• t ''' 1 ..., !.• 4 1 % 1, , •. ' .r --AR....11 aiaack.""73 l'%-- %.,,,,, ikzef, , A... f, • L ,54.,,..--,... 4. ..),t,.

OJ PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR BILE. LIVER, ACIDITv, INDIGESTION, &c,

ESTABLISHED 1840.

Wm. JONES

and SONS,

Makers and Patentees

Noiseless Friction Geared Winches

'Med with Automati

Frak es.)

L ADIES.—FEMALE IRREGULARITIES and I OBSTRUCTIONS.—Tha DIFFICULTY SOLVED AT LAST.—A lady haying Tried in Vail, Every Advertised Remedy, has it last discovered a SIMPLE MEANS of SELF. CURE, particulars of which she will forward FREE OF CHARGE to Her Poor Suffering Sex ora receipt of stamped addressed envelope. Send at once, and waste no more time and money upon Worthless Pills. Mixtures, und o.her So- called Remedies of this class, wh'ch cause pain, sickness, and injury to tha system without htving the necessary eff ct.— Write, with full hope and confidence, to Mrs. ST. CLAIR, 46, Southampton Buildlngs, Chancery-kne, London, W.C.

Steam Friction and Geared Hoist.

W. Jones & Sons,

Makers of every des-

cription of

Stearn, Haqd, & Hydraulic • Lifts & Hoists, Engines, Boilers, Chemical & Soap Plant, &c. WARRIEGTON.

ONE BOX OF CLARKES' B 41 PILLS is war- ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs. in either sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Pains in the back. Gtiaranteeci free from Mercury. Sold in Boxes. 4s. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throughout the World ; or sent to any address for sixty stamps by the Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES MIR) CostPaNY, Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; BancLair &tioste. London. and all the Wholesale Houses.

Al'--C----„, - ,-, ••••=---i--,-....' 0 ' -, _ - • ..."*. kil.' f; .il ... - 601 'n-1, '; • 1.1 -.--Zi.--;'.' - -'44,a .. h, r ..,:--1, • -=',---- , 1 ..... \ ~,,,y_.....,,..-.....t5-s„.:____::.:„Jz 4 .. , _ , , - i ' -;:23.,..w, 4 -',„„0- '•'------E--7 .i, d ..1A,%-.t.. ,L..5.*--'--,--.. -1:. 'l4---....', • ‘if__--7.,' ' : ..- 're; & -,._-..-- , ---.„,.. -- ~.w.,-.7----..-•,- , ' „,,,, Ai, g 0... !., , E.--,_--.--_-:-_-----.1- _ --- .. —.-...,: --' -. ..., ~.1., •,-.. :---------:----Tz --.-- \ •-:--, ' 1':..-.-r.--,.:.------=' . ~,, ,_ -..,-:-__ ----------7--- * ic---...,.---z.k,--..- 7-,__,---..-F-.-.-_-,-...__-,---r—.---- - ....., ~ • . ••• .. __l,.. ,- :'-,--e / -----

===== 0002601_18940512_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWLE'S PENNYROYAL STEEL PILLS foi Females, quickly correct all irregularities, reloove all obstructions, and relieve the distressing symptoms so preva- lent with the sex. Boxes is. lid. and 2s. 9d. oh all chemists sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps by the maker, T. TowLE, Chemist, Nottingham.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
TTER

SWIFT GOLD MEDAL

Stockings ribbed or plain GLOVES and CLOTHING in X. or COTTON. INSTRLIC" -7E. Lista .21. per poet. Cr 11111) at PARIS. The only. of 4 GOLD MEDALS 'NG bfACHINS CO.

NEW HARRISON, 11, -r-ww_4•• KNITS, g- WOOL. SIT.I 1! i TnTrATTIMPARt---A, WINNER in the WORLD and 22 other Boaours. HARRISON KNITTII Works: 43. UN a Brook St., MaLehester.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
IRISH CAM BRIC CI HANDKERCHIEF° POCKET

Guaranteed all pure flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen.

IRISH LINEN COLLARS.

Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars, 5/6 per dozen; made special to pattern, BM per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9', 4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. 2 yards square, 2111 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 4id. per yard. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yirds wide, 1/11 per yard SURPLICJi LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
IRISH DRESS LINENS FOR SUMMER AND I EVENING WEAR. IRISH TWEED all Pure Wool. Unsurpassed for strength, Durability, and Style. Please say if for Ladies' or Gents' wear.

Patterns Free by Return of Post.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
tetttrO to tin Otittor.

THE RECTOR AND THE DRINK TRAFFIC. Sir,—The recent utterances of the Rector at the Town Hall meeting in support of the Police Court and Prison Gate Mission, have given intense pain to a large number of people who are in complete sympathy with the objects of this Society. The Rector has a perfect right to his Gpinions no matter how extraordinary some of them mar appear to many, hut he has no right whatever at a meeting called for a specific object to introduce matters ' entirely irrelevant to the purpose for which the meeting was called together. If those responsible for the meeting permit this kind of thing to occur again they must be prepared for opposition and probably withdrawals of a serious nature from the subseription list. With reference to the Rector's blessing upon the trade, for this is what his speech amounts to, I would ask him to visit the public- houses in Warrington any Saturday night in order to witness how these " God gifts of the Almighty " are being abused by large masses of the people. I cannot believe that after witnessing the harrowing and distress- ing scenes which nightly occur in many public-houses in Warrington our Rector would continue to hold the opinions he now gives utterance to. It may be a surprise for the Rector to know that upcn a recent temperance Sunday when a sermon was preached by himself ,bearing upon this subject, a number of worshippers at the close of the service assembled else- where and drank the Rector's health, If this is the kos ult of temperance sermons at the Parish Church, I would respectfully suggest to the Rector that they be quietly dropped altogether.—Yours, TEMPERANCE.

Measter Heditor,—Whilst readin' ower yore excellunt mar last wick I wus strucken wi'th' speech oth Rector. flee seames a chap ut understons human natur for he trys praise thoo's ut supply& him wi plenty o' brass; he mun keep thick wi' brewers as thean plenty o' money and are glad to part wi' it so lung as their trade is kept respect- able. I think 'it Rector wad o' bin mute in his place if he'd'been on th' side o'th oppressed instead o'th oppres- sor, and he wod soon o' bein' independent o'th brewers if folks wus sober as thieved hey more money to give when they went to church. Mr. Heditor, I think drink is wrung, becose when I was a lad we hod a miserable whoarn thro' nay father drinking Greenall's knock-um- deaun. Eaur hease on Sunday was like a bedlam, full o' drunken men. Drinking must be wrung as it robs us childer o' cloas and comfort and peace. It turns us out o' door at neet to walk streets, and I am one o' those et think we can't be to strick to rid o'lh evil o'th drink traffic. Mr. Rector, Christ never did give intoxicating drink, becose it talcs so inony days to ferment and he wodn't break Sabbath bi brewing. Mr. Rector, I'm one ut beleove what that chap ut lived above a 100 years ago, John Wesley, woe nearer truth when he said about those who sold drink: "All who sell in the common ways that will buy are poisoners , general ; they murder his Majesty's subjects wholesale ; Neither do they pity or spare. They drive them to Hell like sheep. Who would envy their large estates and sumptuous palaces. A curse is in the midst (41 them. The curse of God cleaves to the stones, the timber, the furniture of them, a curse is in their gardens. their walks, their groves—a fire that burns to the nethermost Hell. Blood, blood, is their foundations—the floor, the wall, the roof, are stained with blood." I hope, Mr. Rector, yo'll come on reight side, and safe side, and best side,and wisest, and on Christ's sicle,and yo'll be happier and safer anti do more good.—Yours truly, ONE WHO HAS SUFFERED BUT NEVER TASTED.

-- Sir,—lo his speech last week in connection with the Prison Gate Mission the Rector referred to certain critic- isms which had been passed upon the Church of England in Warrington,on account of its receiving large benefactions from the local brewers. I believe his remarks had reference to certain statements made by me at a recent meeting of the Debating Society. I said 'that the Church of England in . Warrington was subsid- ized by the drink interest in the town and explained this by saying that owing to its receiving large contributions from Sir Gilbert Greenall and other brewers, the Church could not help being paralized in any efforts it might desire to make to deal with thoie great evils which were the direct outcome of the brewer's trade. This was on the occasion of a debate on the "Social Questions Union." The Rev. E. C. E. Carleton, who is a member of the Debating Society, was present, and he promptly and indignantly repudiated the charge, describing it as a disgraceful one. He went on to ask what had Holy Trinity Church and schools received from the drink interest of the town ? " Not a farthing," lie replied. How much of his salary was eentributed by the drink interest ? "Not a farthing." Well, I did not know at the time, but have been told since that Mr. Carleton received £1,500 from Sir Gilbert towards St. Luke's Mission Church at Sankey Bridges. But Mr. Carleton did not say a word about this. Neither did he tell us anything about St. James', or St. Petee's. He simply met my statement by a flat denial, and described it as a , aeriou3 and disgraceful charge. The Rector, however, in his speech last week, said he did not for a moment deny the truth of this statement. "He was only too thankful to acknowledge publicly and gratefully the help he had received from Sir Gilbert Greenall and Sir Andrew Walker." The Rector's admis- sion possesses at least the merit of candour, which is certainly more than can be said for Mr. Carleton. But what can be said for the position taken up by the Rector? He acknowledges that chink is the great cause of the crime and misery which we see around us, and yet • he does not think that the drink traffic is wrong,and so is not ashamed to receive gifts from the brewers. I confess lamat a loss to understand the Rector. See- ing the appalling extent of the crime and misery which are directly due to drink, I do not see how the drink traffic can help being very wrong indeed. Judge after judge haetsld us that nineteen-twentieths- of . all the crime in the country is directly or indirectly due to drink; that but for drink there would be practically little or no crime. Ministers of religion and social re- formers have told us again and again that the seething mass of misery, of destitution, of vice and immorality which are such prominent and painful factors in our present day civilization are directly due to drink. The drinking habits of the people are the despair of all who desire their moral, religious, and material elevation. These habits stand as an almost insuperable barrier in the •way of all progress and development. And yet the trade ,which engenders and fosters these habits is not wrong! Many of your readers will be surprised and pained to "be told by the Rector that the Bible from beginning to end allowed the moderate use of intoxicants, and that '" Our Saviour" gave it in large quentities, not for reli- gious purposes hut for enjoyment. I hope the Enter will pardon me if I say that the whole tenor of his remarks is very much like asking the brewers for more. He goes on to suggest certain reforms in the drink traffic, but as you pertinently ask in your article last week, "Are the clergy of the established church conspicuous in their support of the politicians who are in favour of re- stricting the drink traffic?" Decidedly, no. and in Warrington are the clergy doing anything to bring about a healthier state of affairs? Have they appeared at the police court during the Brewster Sessions to endeavour to bring about any reduction of the licenses which they admit to be superfluous? Have they raised a voice or a finger in protest against the attempt to impose a ring of brewers and publicans upon the town as Councillors? Hoe, can they do anything of this nature with any strenu- ous, whole-heartedness when so large a share of their -support comes frolin the very source which is directly answerable for the terrible evils we all deplore ?—Yours ruly, JOHN GANDY.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
T.Y.H. AND SOCIALISM.

Sir,—A very little of your space will suffice for what I have to say in answer to Mr. Howcroft. Sweetness and light could not possibly he evolved nut of any discussion between such a person and myself, therefore the briefer the better. As a " Free LAnce " correepoudent to the columns of the"Examiner,"l have during the past twenty years, I confess, had much to say anent most current questions, and I have, invariably,tried to be honest :And candid in expressing my opinions, alwae-s knowing that it is only the wise man wko changes Ilia opiniuns, the other fellow, of course, never does. I also,always try to be as personal as possible when deal- ing with my own change in thought,and the" Examiner" file would show this fully with respect to two questions: those of socialism and of drink. Men of thought, take positives, or tentative views of all reform questions,and, if I know my own character, I think it has a fair amount of the positive in it, I also think thaS Mr. flow- croft found this to be so during the wire-drawers strikes some years ago, and he may acknowledge the results as being beneficial as distinguished from any possible re- sults that might have come about from his own eff arts, And views. Independent of personal characteristics, we also learn something from experience. Mr. Howcroft is, to day, a teetotaler in consequence of a verf,bitter lesson learnt in his youthful days. I am an abstainer because I have come to the conclusion that drink keeps labour in sub- jection to capital. Some dozen years ago I did pose as a "pot house demonstrator of temperance." Will Mr. Howcroft be surprised to know that I have not moved from that position one jot ? Were lin Warrington now I should go to the " pot house " whenever I thought fit, seeking, as of yore,to lift it, by example and speech to a higher grade. If Mr. Howcroft desires infertnetion on this point I refer him to my old friend Mr. Gleave of the Barley Mow. Mr. Howcroft says "To me temperance means teetotalism." Weil, I have no objection to him attaching any meaning he likes to the word. I think if I were to advise him to be temperate in sprech,ee would think I were insulting him, if he thousslt I wanted him to shut his mouth altogether, or if I urged him to temperate in eating I therefore wanted to rid the eat th of his presence. The above is all that concerns Mr. How- croft, and he need nut trouble to read the following few lines. I have always held " views " touching the teetotal question. I remember that twenty-five years ago and -when working at Whitecross I refused ti sit in a public house, or to take beer in atsy fashion with a youth. 'There may be congenial reasons for drunkenness. There may be a natural weakness in the nature of man, or there may be the force of examples leading on lo habit. Eut above and far away from these possible rEasens

BOWLING.

LEGH CHALLENGE CUP COMPETITION. In connection with the alaove competition the follow- ing matches were played on Saturday. VIADUCT INSTITUTE (EA.RLESTOWN) V. BURTONWOOD.

AT EARLESTOWN. INSTITUTE. • DURTONWOOD. J Mitchell 2l W Cut,shaw J Savage P Tarot J Watson F Ditvies 2l M Weir S Thompson 11 Partington 2l E Pickersgill l5 R Green 2l J Heaton

Total 168

Total

AT BURTONWOOD. INSTITUTE. IiCIITONWOOD. J Gee 2l J Monardr-tn J Halton J Finoh 11 Sherlock A Gee 2l S oavie3 l6 Jon. Lowe lO J Mehers 2l W Pilling J MeAtte

_ Total 137

Total. 146

21Isiori'y for Institute 20

CRICKET.

NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS V. TYLDESLEY.—At Ty Idesley.— Scores :

TYLI)F.SIEY. NEWTON. W Eckersley b Mills T Sharpies c Dudgeon b W 11 Parks b It Smith Bates A Orchard c Wright b W Dudgeon c Grundy b• Bates It Smith c Mills b Bit-s 0 R Mills c Orchard!) It Sri& It 0 G Slater b Bates 1 It Bates U. Orchsrd A Grundy c Mills b Bates 0 W Turton c Orchard U. R It Bradburn std Wright Smith b Bates J Smith not out ..... ....... 25 W Wright not out - J Higgiuson b Bates T Beswiek c Dudgeon b :J. Cooke b,li Smith• 6'• Bates A Bowker b R.tes Extras l2' Extnss

_ Total B5

Total

===== 0002601_18940512_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
there certainly is the intolerable wear and tear of our physical and mental natures, or as it may be put our 19th century civilization to be held accountable for the present degrading supremacy drink has over man. There are various ways of meeting the difficulty. Local Option is not one. I often smile when I read in English papers of the good results et the Maine liquor laws. Laws against smuggling did not and does not prevent smug- gling, but laws removing the incentives to it might, and do where carried out. In my travels to and fro in this land I have several times been in cities where neither saloons nor any signs of drink could be seen. I was in Concord a few weeks ago. This is a model town. A few words with some workmen proved I could have as much as I liked. Every town in the States that votes prohibition just accomplishes this mush. It naakas the saloon keeper during the prohibition year &tibia his exertions to carry the open license vote for the following year. It also makes him exert himself to make up for lost time and profits. Worse than this, it encourages home drinking, familiarisiag the children with it in its most baneful aspects. Drink taken home leads the wife and children being invited te its refreshing influences. I had an example of this not two days ago. In a friend's house.Paaw...the child, just able to walk, go to the cage of beet a.nd'take a bottle out,and strugale with the cork. The mother carnet° its help, and poured out half a glass , which the child 'a t once drank. Most workmen think what is good for them is gr4od for wife and child. Tak- ing it home makes it convenient to carry out this wrong idea.

Again preoihition at once raises up a host of back street dealers who prosper immensely during such:a year. Having no license to pay and, as a rule, being shielded by the police, these dealers, will, each one of them, have as many customers as would carry on several open saloons. These people in the short time of one or two "dry " years make their fortunes, and with clew con- science, hope to have their reward hereafter. The or- dinary teetotaler and the broad cloth, and tall shiner cannot possibly know of these things. Beer goes out of a" wet " town into a" dry "town, in all the fashions that the genius and the inventive faculty can suggest. My conclusions are that Local Option does more to demoralize the moral nature of the ccmmunity than open saloons. I protest against the competition system, and would replace it by taking ex- perimental steps in Socialism, or in voluntary co-opera- tion. I judge by results, and protest against the methods of teetotal societies. I would, by law, take out of the trade all profits, and all politics. If a man ceases to profit, he will cease to sell. If there are no politics in it there will be no log-rolling. I would raise the stan- dard of the public house, not the American saloon, by taking my wife and family to its cosy, comfortable and respectable rooms, when we went " up street "or, say, when we went to Liverpool or Manchester. By bring- ing the full force of temperate public opinion ta bear right on the plague spot, I would shame the drunkard into temperance. I would, under present conditions, prohibit, by law, all societies, relating to trade or benefit, from meeting in or near public heuses. All towns should be made to provide, out of the rates, halls free for such purposes. Crime, as a result out of drink, cuts a small figure in beer-drinking countries. As a pre- liminary step I would have 1l spirits sold subject to the strictest analysis. Breaking this law should be followed by not less than six months hard labour, no fine. would also have a full knowledgeof the chemical features of alcohol made a part of every child's education. In conclusion I say I am only a teetotaler for example's sake.—Yours, &c.,

H. WFIITHAM.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
• PENKETIL.

BAND SUNDA.T.—On Sunday the members of tha Few keth and Sankey bands,paraded at; Penketh and marched with the Sunday school scholars from tly: Mission Room, up to Cfiurcli,where they played two selections of sacred. music. After service they proceeded home pqnsying hymns Wow's AMBULANCE CLAss.—ln the "Church l‘ta.ta- zine " for this month appears the list of passes in tho above which are as follows :—Miss Jeans, Miss E.Soans, Miss Y. Jeans, Mrs. Owen„ Miss, A. Moses, Miss Dionum, Mrs. Bell, Miss Woolfall, Miss Byrne, Mrs. Parker,. Miss Pennington. Evening class, Miss Dale, Miss Griffiths, Mrs. F. Hughes, Miss Ansdell„ Mrs. Care, Mrs. Woods, Mrs. Heath, Mrs. Cheethani, NU:s E. Hughes, Miss L. Davies, Mrs. Wilcox,lVfrs„ Leicester.. As all have passed it reflects great credit upon their teacher Dr.. Murray, whose application to the work has been crowned w ith such well merited success. A FALL DOWN A Har.p..—An accident of a serious ' character on Saturday morning befell Jr.l Joseph Light- foot, captain of the new flat Dog Star. it seems the Dog Star was lying in the docks at Liverpool, and was in the act of being drawn near the dock side by Captain Lightfoot and his mate, when suddenly die rope (which had been thrown to an attendant on shore to be put on the stumps) slipped, causing the captain to fall back- wards into the flat's hold, a distance of 13 feet. He fell on to his left side across the kelson. causing severe in- ternal injuries. .He was at once taken t) the hospital, where his injuries were examined, and in the afternoon he was assisted to his home in Penketh by his brother and Captain John Holden, where he now lies in a criti- cal condition.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL FIXTURES.

Mr. Fred Dennett, secretary of the St. Helens Foot- ball Club, states that as a result of his attendance at the meeting of Lancashire championship secretaries on Mon- day night, fixtures between St. Helens and the other nine first division clubs were arranged for next season. The competition starts at the close of Septembw, and concludes on the 6th of April. SUSPECTED STABBING CASE.

A serious development has occurred at St. Ilelens in connection with the supposed accidental death of a labourer tamed Thomas Finn, lodging at 9, Edward-st. Wounds have been discovered in the deceased's neck pointing to his having been stabbed, and the inquest was adjourned on Thursday to permit a psi mortem ex- amination being made.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
BOSPITAL SATURDAY.

The committee of the Free Providence Hospital, St. Helens, have decided, in order to raise a deficit of £4OO incurred last year, and to carry on the work, to have a Hospital Saturday on the lines of Liverpool and other towns. Councillor J. B. Leach has the arrangements in hand, and on Saturday next collecting cages will be placed in the princi?al thoroughfares. The committee earnestly appeal to the public to support an institution which does excellent service to the suffering poor and never closes its doors to an accident.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER SATURDAY, VAT 12, 1894. Noms ON GAMES ASD ATHLETICS.

C.C. meeting on Saturday, J. Fair of Warrington, cap. tured first prize in the guilder mile handkap. The time was 53i seconds.

BA•ANIIALL.

Warrington Baseball Club scored a brillivit victory on Saturday in their encounter with the Stanley Park Club.- It was their first match in the Liverpool District Baseball' Union Shield Competition, and some of the local adt mirers of the game are so satisfied with the result .as to be optimistic enough to think that the Warrington chib will at the conclusion of the competition occupy the coveted position of first place,. The score of ne Stanley Park Club was 107 runs. The Warrington men e:zeteded: this score by two runs with five men left to bat. To-day (Saturday)they are to meet- the Liverpool Britannie 'Club at Warrington on their ground at Gorsey-lane— The Brit- annic Club is considered one of the best in the. corn/Yeti- tion and the match promises to be a good one.

WIDNES TOWN SiOfNUIL. The monthly meeting of the -Widnes Town: COntl- cil wrts held at the Town Hal. on Tuesday after- noon. There were present :----.A.:derinen Sadler, Tilley; Wareing, Timmis, and Williamson Salm- cillors Owens, O'Donnell, Gouglli. luznn, Carney, .Singleton, W., W. Gossage, Sccith, Shuttlersorth,,, Christie, Neil, .Bullougli, Dal). Barlow and Wright ; Messrs. H. S. Oppenheim (town ckrrlth T.. Craik (deputy town chrrk), S. Elloyle- (accountant), J. S. Sinclair (sl.:tveyor), J. Cirri (engineer),, W. Lowe (nuisance inspector), andd :Dr-O'Keefe freedical officer). In the absence of I.lerd :mayor (Alderman F. H. Gossage); Alderman Sadler' was voted to, the chair.—The To7kii Clerk steed that the Mayor had appointed Alderman 'Sadler to at as Deputy Mtyor from the 2nd incr. to June 150,, .during. hi absence in Germany, whefe he is under,- going an operation to his eyes.

ay COMMITTEE. N' meeting of this Coinmittee was hArl on the 26th April—The Town Clerk reported that Mr. Aobert Br.orne- 'had•entered an action in the County Court against the Corporation fordamages to the .mount of £45, for in juries alleged to have been caused to his horse, Scc., in consequence of am accident in Lowerhouseia.ne. It was. resolved that the• Town Clerk be instructed tl defend such proceedings- on, behalf of the Corporation, and for that purpose •to -retain Counsel. It was resolved that; the same arrangements as last year be mac :e with refer- ence th the proposed: workmen's picnic. The following plans were submitted by the surveyor and approved :-- Three houses,Deacort,road,for Henry Hirst ; op,Birch- field-roaditor Robert Hurst ; plans of Technical Schools andiFive Public: Library ; 3 houses, Peelhouse-lane, for W. Milan ;:estate plan, showing streets and frassages off Peelhouse-lane„ for. 3ohn Green.—Councillor Christie moved' the adoption of the minutes.—Councillor Quinn seconded.—Councillbr Smith pointed out to the chair- man of -this committee- that there was a defective wall in Mersey View, overwhich a young child liz,vl fallen a -greattdepth on to the rocks below.—Councillor. Christie promised to bring the matter before his comm'Atee. the 'm inutes-!were passed.

HEM= COIIIIITTER. A-meeting of this committee was held on the nth April. :resolved that this committee, being the Executive coin- Mittee ()tithe Local Authority, of the borough, do hereby make the following regulations under the Rabies Order of 1892?.:,—"N0 dog.sshall be allowed to be in or on any public place unless such, dog is muzzled with ,-,,inuzzle So constructed as to resider it impossible for see] dog, while wearing the samra;. to bite any person or animal, but not so.as to prevent such dog from breathing freely or lapping: water. Dogs found in or on anypublic place, not being muzzied,. shall be seized by the-police and deined, an in addition to any penalties such owner may be liable to All' expenses connected with such detention may be recovered from the owner of such dog in a court of summary jurisdiction ; and further that if arrch dog is not claimed)within three days from the sei- ;zurethereof, then it shalt be slaughtered or otherwise disposedof as may be- directed by the Local Authority. It was resolved—that the Surveyor prepare plans and .estimates for the construction of a railway siding at the night soil depot and for the erection of the necessary .fencing. The following repirts were submitted : .Infectious, Diseases Htospital.—Number of patients a:: last meeting, 1. ; admitted since, 0 ; discharged since, 1 .; died since,.o ; patients, still in. 0. Accident Hospital- 1-iiirnber of patients at last meeting, 8 ; admitted aince, 34. discharged, 4 ; dkd,.9 ; patients still in, 7. The .'f-oilowing report of the Medical Officer of Health was. Submitted and read. Nails 91, deaths (total) chiding children under 1 year 16, children between I and 5-years 7, zymotics.• diseases 1, inquests 3. There ;were 34ecases of infectious diseases notified. Scarlet ;fever has been rather prevalent during this month. The cases, which nearly all, occurred in West Bank, were of !a mild type. and it was.not tought necessary to remove :them to the hospital.,. Otherwise the t4wil is very free :from zymotic diseases.. At present there are no cases in :he- Infectious Diseases Hospital. The committee also n-solvedi—that the same arrangements as last year be made with regard to the' workmen's picnic. Councillor Neilimoved the adoption of the minutes and said with regard to the Rabies Order that as the muzzling orderwas riffeot outside Vi'idues-and as several persons had been bitten; the committee had, on the suggestion of Super-. intendent Keighley,put.the order into force. Councillor .Sinith.seconded. Councillor O'Donnel said the mar:Aeti were considerably less this year than last and could not they have their own Inspector of Weights and Measurea-and let him look after the market-. The .minutes were passed. .

===== 0002601_18940512_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY FOOTBALL.

Alter a total of three hours and ten minutes fighting between the St. Mary's and Latchford teams, for the Warrington Junior Rugby Cup, presented for com- petition by Mr. Percy Davies, the St. Mary's team have at length won it. That they deserve it no one who saw them play on Tuesday evening will deny. Latchford began very strongly and at first appeared to be far and away the bettor team, but they were unable to keep this form up, and the St. Mary's team improved as the game went on, until they had very much of their own way towards the end, five tries to one being the score at t'ne close of the matcb. Latchford of course are to be con- gratulated upon the show they made, for they are evidently not so very far behind St. Mary's when it took so long to decide whe is the stronger.

There was of course a tremendous "gate" to witness the mat,th, which was net surprising when it could be seen fur nothing. The "close" season in football hay- ing arrived, any charge for admission to see the match is-illegal, and therefore the gates of the football field were opened wide for everyone who had any desire to see the match. The youthful element as usual under these circunastances was present in full force, and they speedily announced their presence by volubly expressing; their opinions of the play and players as the game pro- gressed. To come to the players, Burton and Flampson were unquestionably the pick of the winning team. Their collvagues in the three-quarter departmemt, Raybold and Warburton were also out of the common run. It was in this department whore St. Mary's excelled, as they were far superior tn the Latchford quartette. In the match of the preceding week Chapman the Latchford full back gave a better account of himself than Roughley for the Saims, but in the match on Tuesday. Chapman made numerous mistakes while Roughley played exceedingly well. In the half back and forward divisions, there was little to choose between the teams. In the forwards, Latchford at first were superior, but as the game went •on, there was little to choose between them. Burton maintained his consistency for scoring, for out of the five ,1 tries secured by Sc. Mary's he obtained three. Goal kick- ing was !.‘ off " very much, for although some of the tries were placed in pretty favourable positions, not one was increased to a goal.

Needless to say, the St. Mary's supporters were highly delighted at the success of their team. There was quite a sea of faces round the stand reserved for the commit- tee men of the Warrington club, to see the cup presented to Berry, the Sr. Mary's captain. The presentation was not mulch else than a formal affair however, for Mr. Davies seeing that his voice could not be heard above the Babel of tongues round about him did not attempt to make a speech, but contented himself with simply con- gratulating Mr. Berry upon the success o: his team. Mr: Ashcroft the president of the St. Mary's club, was however undaunted by the noise around him, and made a speech, and thanking Mr. Davies for his gift. His speech could scarcely be heard more than a yard or two away, but he was understood to say that the St. Mary's team intended to keep the cup now they had won it.

The cup competition has been without doubt a great success, and has unearthed a large amount of talent. Although only competed for by junior clubs and played in the evening, the attendances at the matches have been very large—a large as some of the first team matches. Should the competition become established, it will tend to keep up the interest in the Rugby code in sp:te of any counter attractions.

C RI CB FT.

Warrington journeyed to Werneth on Saturday to play the club of that name, and came back defeated. They have yet to win their first victory at Werneth, although whm they got the Werneth Men out for 73, victory seemed very possible, but the fates, and Hall, tke Wer- neth bowler decreed otherwise, and Warrington will have to wait another year before they have another chance of breaking the spell which hangs over them in this fixture, although they have the chance of revenge when the teams meet at Warrington. None of the Wer- neth team did anything exceptional with the bat, with the exception of Hall who" knocked up "41. The rest were nowhere. This was attributable in a great measure to the splendid bowling of Bates, the new pro- fessional for Warrington, who took six wickets for 25 runs, and had nine maiden overs out of a total of 19. Smith and G. Clarke also did well with the ball. Clark is usual displayed excellent wicket keeping, and the fielding of the Warrington team was very smart indeed, there not being a single extra scored.

The score of 73 was not a very tall one, but it was too muck for Warrington. The innings had not proceeded far before a rather unpleasant incident took place. Bates was given" run out." although almost everyone on this field was positive that the umpire was wrong in his decision. The rest of the t,am could do very little with Hall's bowling with the exception of R. Smith and Clark,. who compiled 19 and 20 respectively. The last three men scored the sum trital of none, so that War- rington were all dismissed for 53. Hall was responsible for this wholesale destruction, of his opponents' stumps, for he took eight wickets for 23. runs. The Warrington team was considerably vreaken,d at this match by the absence of Messrs S. M. and J. J. Crosfield, or otherwise they would probably have fared much better.

While the first team were suffering defeat at Werneth thbsecokid team were giving the quietus to the juniors from Werneth on the Arpley ground. I'Verneth com- piled 81 to which the II arrington team replied with 95, thus winning by 14 runs. Bibby and Bwn who took four wickuts for 20 runs, and three for eleven were the most successful bowlers on the Warrington side. Double figures were pretty numerous in the match, there being nine altogether. 22 was the highest figure on both sides Taylor being tl.ie scorer for Werneth, .and Duckworth for Warrington. The latter was also not out.

Thr crielret season is fairly underwei,gh now. and the local iunior clubs are commencing in earnest again their season's -fixtures. There are not quite so many clubs as last year. although there is plenty of time yet. Among the-reQults I noticethat the Brewery men employed hy P. Walker and Sons proved • too strong for St. Elphin's, although St. F:lphin's were on their own ground. The Holy Trinity were al,lo unsuccesAt ul "at home " with St.. Anne's being beaten by a majority of seven. Still another club, the Christian, Endeavour Society, were beaten on their own ground by the T.M.G.A., although by the-narrow majority of' two runs. The home teams therefore, seem to have had a rather- bad time (.4 it on SiturrlP,r. Perhaps we shall see the tables turned on the visiting teams to day,. just to- prove, them:certainty of. criicitet as well as f67etball.

The-Sankey Wesleyans were by far too good for the Windsvr Weslevansøn Saturd&v, as they beat them easily by 83 to 21, only three of the latter sesring. The first Jive men of the Windsor-tears had to- retarn to the tent without scoring a single rum The bowling of Wat- kins waS in a areat measure responsible for the destruc- tiots of the Windsor wickets: his analysis being six wickets for five run 3, The wicitit keeping was entrusted to F.Jefferson,whose play is welt shown by the fact that he did not permit of a- single extra being scored. For San' ey Bridges, Peers was far and away- the highest scorer, his contribtatiimß being A,which he scored with- out giving any chances. Th& rest of the team were al- most on a level, there being very slight difference bet- ween their scores. After the match a very pleasant eveninc, was speot by the members of each team, and a znusical progranime was, much enjoyed.

The SAnkey Wire Mills met the Penketh Friends on Saturday, ane.s were beaten by the narrow mal,rity of two runs. Smith and Marshall were the top scorers on e.‘ch side, with 13 and :NY respectively. Hobon and Simpson shared the Friends' wickets between them, and Smith and Pollard the Wire Mills. Either the Friends are not so strong this year;or the other clubs are stronfzer than they were, for they were decisively beaten on the previous week by the Szinkev Wesleyans, and only just scraped through with the Wire Mils. They accounted for the E.,,ankey Bridges teams pretty easily last year.

CYCLINO.

The members of thP Warrington Cycling Club had "a rare old time" on Saturday afternoon when the anntral inter-c?ub run with the Sale Cycling Club took place. The two clubs met at Knutsford, there being about 30 mem'bers of each chit) present, and they proceeded to- 7etlig.r as far as SiOdington. Hero cycles were laid aside and a cricket mate) was played between the two clubs. Tht• result was that Warrington C.C. were defeated by • ea pins to 41. This came as a surprise to the wheelers_ from the "Good old town" as for three years in simila.:l encounters the Warringtonians had been able to beat tha Cheshire men. J. rodmore was the only Warrinetia, player who was able to make anything like a good scr.,re his contribution being 21. On the return journey a halt was made at Knutsford when the cyclists enjoy,id,a. "smoker."

On Tuesday ,vening, the club had a run to 'lolling Green when 47 turned out. After a pleasant run. and a, visit to the " Black Swan" the return journey Y.‘xs.com- menced. - _ _

During the Whitsuntide holidays the club run will be to Llangollen. and it is thought that some of the mem- bers will go still further south to see the Anfiald•loo,mile road race which it is expected will take plac:). in Shrop- shire. For this race two well-known local cvclisa have entered namely J. Waddington and it 'learns. ---- • The spott;- in connection with the club hare been definitely fixed for Saturday afternoon, June 16th, when prizs to the value nf £45 will be offered. There will hp three fiat races of 100 and 220 yards and one mile. The bicycle races are for one and two miles. There will also be a two miles club handicap and for this event Mr. Thomas Morris, F.G.S., has offered a gold watch for the first prize, and Mr. Percy DAViefl will provide a cup for the second pr:ze.

I was glad to bear that at the Delph and Doteross

===== 0002601_18940512_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
TEEE SHIP CANAL.

THE CANAL COMPANY'S NEW BILL,.

The Manchester Ship Canal Bill was oa Tuesday before the Select Committee of the House of Lords. • It sought sanction for the construction of several .tiales ; but the chief feature of the bill was • a special Clause ' under which the Company desired to be exeinptedlretn section 24 of the Railway and Canal Traffic'Act, This section set forth that the Company must Send to the Board of Trade a schedale of their tolls and c:D.,trges for revision. It was contended by counsel that the sec- tion should not apply to the Ship Canal Company; inas- much as they were only just making a business, and sufficient experience had net yet been obtained kith regard to the working of the tolls. The •Committee decided that the special clause asked for by the promo,. tors should stand part of the bill, but should' not apply to any property of the Company except the actual Mate- cheater Ship Canal. Drawing attention ta the wharlage rates payable to the Mersey Docks Board, Mr: Balfour Browne contended that as vessels proceeding directlY into the Ship Canal did not derive ally advantage from the piers and wharves of the Mersey DoCks Board, they should be freed from the obligation to pay wharfe rates upon goods which might be brought to Manchester by ship and afterwards returned to Liverpool. -The existing impost militated against ships coming upAlie canal. It was a great hindrance to trade, and the Side Canal Company asked to be relieved of it. The Com- mittee adjourned till to-day. The Manchester Ship Canal Bill was again before the• Select Committee of the House of Lords on Wednesday. The chief clause considered sought to exempt the canal docks sad basins from the dues of the Mersey 'DOeks lioar d for local or partial traffic. Mr. Marshall Stevens was examined, and said the Company did not object- to pay dues on cargo passing over the Mersey Docks, bu'V they thought it unfair that portions of cargo passing along the Mersey directly to the port of Manchester and then being returned to Liverpool should be liable te wharfage charges. After discussion, and with the sanc- tion of the Committee, the wharfage clause was adopted, to the effect that no vessel loading or discharging in ,the port of Manchester any part of its cargo which should be landed on any of the piers of the Mersey docks should, be liable to pay wharfage charges, but all vessels taking any such cargo from the port of Manchester to the piers belonging to the Mersey Docks Board or taking cargo therefrom to vessels in the port of Manchester should be subject to pay the Docks Board tonnage rates.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DEVELOPMENT OF THAITIC.

At the quarterly meeting of the Manchester Chamber . of Commerce, on Monday, the president, Sir Frank Forbes Adam, said it would be remembered by those who were present three months ago that a number of • members who were interested—and they were animated by pure and undiluted p,itriotism—interested in pushing on the work of the canal, thought it desirable to have a peblic meeting in Manchester, and to pass resolutions.-in the sense of furthering the interests of the canal. .They • consulted with the members of the chamber., and they thought that perhaps it would not lead to the practical results that were expected of it, and after taking coun- sel together and further considering the mater those interested in the movement abandoned it, o:rea.'-, any rate indefinitely postponed it, on the understanding that the board of the chamber would take measures and steps at an early day to appoint a special committee to deal with Ship Canal affairs, a committee that would be represen- tative not only of the merchants but also or the ship- owners and carriers and those who had cbarge- of the conduct of the affairs "f the canal. That completes hacl been formed, and he had no doubt it would be of great assistance in providing information and advice to thote who required counsel and in bringing together he most important shipowners on the one hand, and shippers- on the other. There was, he knew, a feeling, perhaps- a general feeling of disappointment at the slowness of the development of traffic on the canal, fie thought -that feeling was in some measure unreasonable-. (Hear, hear.) 'I hey could not expect a great undertaking like the Seip Canal to spring into sudden use.. Tho tract: must grow. It would do no good to strive or to cry.out. The trade would come, but it would comeein.,,its own way. They must remember h-w difficult it was to divert trade from its accustomed channels, teach,thr peeple of what had hitherto been an inland town te.set about the business of a port, and to competeewith the very rich and well-organized opposition both of the rail- way companies and of the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board. There was, he believed, sufficient vinor for th- canal, for the •r.tilways, and for Liverpool. I The canal would gradually find its proper place, becaus€s the canal route must in the long run prove the cheapest. If it was not the cheapest it ought never to have .been con- structed. But lie thought there could he no doubt that it woold prove the cheapest, and that it had a..-,,great and prosperous future before it. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_18940512_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
ANN UAL ENCAMPMENT OFI:TIEB: WARRINGTON VOLUNTEERS-.

THE CONDITION OF THE :CAMP:

This (Saturday)evening the Warringtonßattalion of the South Lancashire Volunteer, Ilegiment will leave for Conway to join the brigade camp for the annual encampment,. The battalion will aQsenable between 5.:30 and 630 at the Drill ifallt,where.they will be as usual addres9ed by Colonel Greenell,, and then proceed to Bank Quay station to entrain.. The annual inspection by Colonel E. E. Williams- will taltA, place on Wednesday next. Every member is•expecte6:l to be present on this parade in order to-earn,the capita. tion grant for the battalion, unless he has rceived, leave of absence for some sufficient reasq,a,...and all applica- tions for leave of absence must reach the Adjntant not later than Monday, the 14th May., Mtn who cannot parade on Saturday may follow on Suuday,.Movlday, anel Tuesday, but no one cantake part in the camp who does not join it by Tuesday evening at latest an&rema,sm till the battalionrreturns on Saturday, May 19th,..

ThE ADVANCR PARTY QN.,.TR.0.0420UND1. A Conway correspondent writes us :,--"'ArT ad:vac:or party of the Warrington battalion, consisting of fo,in officers, five sergeants, and thirty men under the command of Captain: Baynen, arrived here on Tuesday about 11.30', 4.M. .Dinner having been s.rivred out, work commenced in real earnest. it party under the command of Captain- Bucktlon AID.C.. proceeded to the Railway Station, where the heavy worit of unloading baggage took place, the remainder. of the party taking up their position on the Morfa.zt Marsh,. to reteive the baog,age as it arrived, and to pitch sufficient tents for the accommodation of the ,party.forthe night, The work of the first day terminated about 8;0i pm.. Rain fell rather heavily during the night,. but on. Wednesday morning after one or twn light showers,. the-sun shone forth with all its brightness, and the rensainder of the day was beautifully fine and, warm. The camping ground which.is in excelleate condition, has been care- fully laid out.by Captain Baynes,. assisted by 2nd Lieut. Fairclough. There will be seven lines of tents, ten tents in each line, which will ',t.e• sufficient to accommodate 600 men. It is pleagin, to. note that since last year a very fine platform, 2007s.rards. in length has been erected (along si:le of the grouta-dg occupied by this battalion) by the Itailway, Companv,,for the accommodation of regi- ments encamped on fix), Morfa. This has been a long felt want, and lam sura.will be greatly appreciated by the mcx, as it will seße a. long ruarth from Conway.'3ta- , tion. Captain Chorley joined the party on Wednesday. IThe .',..l.llnwing officers and non-commissioned einCeif.are now., present t—Cbp.t.ain7s l&tynes, Buckton, ChnrleY, , Lieut. Faircleugh„. also Captain and Quarter-Master Hcx,hinson, 0.11,, Colour-Sergeant Whitfield, t•Zolour- .sc4igeant McCoyoSergea.nt Wilcock, Sergeant Ru.uall,and L-;-,ac,e7Sergeant Iphuson." a

===== 0002601_18940512_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
H ArD 0 CK.

COLIIBRY ACCIDENT.

Messrs. Dtiohard Evans and Co. have had, lonz im- munity fro:En:even ordinary accidents in lbeir Hayelock collieries, no case having been adinitte6 into Haydock Cotta 4.e Hospital for two months prior to Tu-esday morninzs, when Henry Taylor, of Boardtnan's-lazte, was brou2h;a in injured by a fall of stone fallowing the firing of a shx)b in lia,,anna-h Colliery. Repozata.frona Haydock, rt Ma•slate of trade, are unsatisfactory, a large quan- tity 4'c:oat being stscked, although. Mae colliers are only averaging three days per week. _

===== 0002601_18940512_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
TEMPERANCE MWING•

-4n connection with the Ilayclack Wesleyan Band of Hope, a temperance meeting was held in the Wesleyan Chapel, Ilaydock on Tuesday evening. Mr. John Fair- hurst who presided over a small attendance, gave a brief a.ddress at the opening, hut earnest addresses on tem- perance work were a fterwards given by the Revs. J. R Weave (Searombo J. Burrows (West Kirby) and B. F. Fielding (Wallasey). Sole were given at intervals by Messrs. T. Wedgewood and G. H. Hunt and Miss Stock- ley.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. JABEZ BA.LFOUR.

BUENOS AYRES, THURSDAY.—Mr. Jabez Balfour has made an application to the Courts to be sit at liberty, basing his demacd on the Argentine Statute ol Limita- tions regarding unproved offences and the tact that the Extradition Treaty with Great Britain is not retroactive. Ijt also claims damages for illegal !mprisonment.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
GAS AINI WA'VEI3 COMMITTEE.

This Committee held their meeting on the Ist May. .roe-report of gas tests made by Mr. C. E. Befiatny,, of 'Liverpool, on the 17111 and 26th ult, read as follows : Illuminating power,lB,.77land 1816 candles respectively. Gas- delivered for file week.; ending 25 April 13,835000 cob,. ft., against 11442;000 for corresponding period last year. Water delivered 97,234,889 gallons against .9.314..77,645 last year. The engineer reported as to the 1. provision of a slielteshed and other accommodation for Itliapublic on rexklill, and as to laving out of cera•in portions of the ground.. it was resolved that the Corn-. 'mit tee be authorised to purchase a shelter shed, sir.-lilar ;to the one shown on plan now submitted, and to carry h;ut the other worIS sugge3ted by the engineer.—Akle:r- man Timmis movedi the adoption of the minutavnnd s.. id in regard to the Pax Hill scheme that it was thought ,advisable to approach the. various Sunday Schools to see if the scheme wza favourable to them and whethea, they would take advantage of it. Out of 22 replies rec.'2i,red 23:. were favourable to tha proposed scheme. Heals° itated that the profit and loss account for tbs year showed a net pry.T.-oon the gas works of £l,l49,tictwith- standing having paid, £2,600 extra for coal. The wlater undertaking SI)31718d a net profit of £6Ol after paying :over £5OO extra for coal, and there was an estimated , loss of £1,200 through the stoppage of the large .nianti- ; factories durinz.the strike.—Councillor Davies secaucled Councillor Owens asked what the proposed shelter shed at rex Hill wuuld- cost.—Aldertnan Timmis in reply Councillor Owens said.it was really a pavilion thott would c, be erected and the coat of the who:e scheme would not exceed £6OO.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
GENERAL FEJEMSFIE. AND PARLIAMENTARY COXY.'.I7I"RIL

A meeting of this committee was held on the 30th April. A letter was 7ead,frotn the London , and North Western Railway Company stating that the question of the lighting of the, Widnes approach to Runcorn foot- oridge, and the alleged want of an additional waiting room at Appleton-Steion, were unclerw,ing enquiry. A letter, was,readirora the Clerk to the Coonty Council, acklowledging receipt of the resolution of the Corpora- tion with reference to the appointment of„Giztrdians.in lIC Prescot Union, and intimating that the, date osi• the inquiry into, mattern concerning that union had not vet been absolutely, fix2d, but that due notice,would be given to the Corporation, who would be heard, il,they vahed, upon ths,subject. It was resolved.—Thathe Chairman Deputy Chairmansand Councillor Davies,. witir,thoTown Clerk, attend the Inquiry on behalf of tha. Corporation, and stake -the representations of the Corporation with re- ference to the .matter.—TheTown Clerk submitted offers , of sites for the proposed public cetnoterh which had been aent.in in response to his advert:lsement.. Ir was resolvad.—Tha, the consideration thereof, be adjeurned, and flilatyin the meantime the offers remain sealed and unopened in the Town Clerk's possession,.---The Town • Clerk submit)ed and read letters frdm.the Town, Clerk of Liverpool.,.dated the 27th April ult., in reply to his in- quiry as..to whether the Corporatim.of the city of Liver- pool would be willing to admit thisMoroughg as one of !the contributing bodies to the Port, Sanitary Authority ,uf Liverpool.—lt was resolved.—r2hat the "town Clerk reply, thaaking the Corporation of ;.Liverpool for their • favourable consideration of the nkatter,and asking that the further consideration thereof :night stand; over pend- .,ing the receipt of further infarmation as to the pro- *sals of the Local Governmen"..i, Board with regard to the new, Port Sanitary Autherity for the Port of Man- iehotter.—Alderman Wareing moved. and Councillor ,'Davies, seconded the adop%ion. of, minutes. Coun- illor O'Donnell asked if iwas•, intended that the r;counc,iil should take part in the forma/ opening of the !Ship.leanal by the Queen, as Widnes was on the Mersoy .and he did not see why they as..a, body should not take 'part in the proceedings. Alderman Wareing said they had, receiv'ed no invitation to be present. The minutes woe adopted.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
PI NANCr. COMM 1T32J4._

A meeting of this committee was held on the 2nd May. The borough accountant reported that " The varioils committees have furnished estimates of the expenses to be incurred in their several departments for the year ending March, 1895. uring the past year there -had been an excess of aetual,over estimated expenditure of £1,063. which absorbed, the whole of the estimated sur- plus of £B4l and left a,deficieney of £222. For the cur- rent year the estimated amount required was £12,107;t0 this must he added thadeficianoy of £222,making a total of £12,929. To raise this amount a rate of 25.2. in the £ would be necessory.' It was resolved that the Health Committee be reopested to give instructions whh a view to the orders from, the hospitals being better distributed amongst the local tradesmen. It was further resolved that a general district rata of 23. in the £ be levied for the year 1854-34, payable by two instalments,,the first on demand, and the other on the 30th September next.— Councillor Owens in moving the adoption of the minutes said if the various committees were going, to spend un to their estimates there would be a deflciency of £750 at the end of the year, and he appealed to them to keep their expenditure down,otherwise they would have their bills sent back by the Finance Committee, as they would have DO money to pay them with.—Councillor Barlow seconded,—After a long dilcussion9. and statements by the various chairmen of the committees as to keeping expenses down, the minutes were adopted.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
LIDRARY AND TECHNICAL INSTMJCTION CONINITTEE.

A meeting of this -Committee was held on the 25th Anril The Town Clerk submitted contract with Mr, Isaac Dil-

'worth for erection of the proposed Technical Schools and Free Library building duly executed by the contractor and his sureties, and the same was approved and the seal of the Corporation ordered to be affixed thereto.— The sub-committee having given very full consideration to the several schemes of t'heating and ventilation sub- mitted to them recommend the adoption of the system shown upon the plans and described in the specification' submitted by the Sturtevant Engineering Co.—On the motion of Coutaciltlor Wright the minutes were ndotVed.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
LATEST NEWS. MR. LAQIJITER WEDDING.

AN 11c5A'lz.MESTRIC, CEREMONY.

It is probably safe'to preditt. that the wedding of leis' Margot Tennant ancilhe Right Hon. H.H. Asquith,.-P' on Thursday,will beg: be remembered as one of the most ' brilliant events of in'Aind seetvin this generation. Leng,, i before noon, the time e fixed for the ceremony, the ap,4, proaches to St. Geereee'6, Theriover Square, were fiil'ed with a compact meade of carriages, while round aboetej • the church itself deneftrowds ellsightseers had collected-' , in the hope of seeing ecimsi of; the many notabilities who • according to rumour, had promised to attend. Inside- , the church was a clocely.packed throng of gaily-dressed -, people. filling the sombre - eighteentle-century buildineee ,from Boor to ceiling, and holdhaes in its midst most e, ' the best-known faces :n.the great world of London. ie) few minutes before twelve- Lord- Itosebery walked up-, the aisle, followed a.;,- 'Short intervals by Mr. Johcel 'Morley, Mr. Acland, Me.. Campbell-Bannerman, Lord' Kimberley, Sir Willi Elircourt, and Sir George Trevelyan, till almost; 'all the present Cabinet had . 'assets/Ned. Pretty AC rabll were there in plenty, too,. among whom Lady Crieiby, Lady Riddlesdale (in a i wonderful gown of blueeand whitts).-, Lady Helen Yin- CenteLadyßrownlow, and ' Lady Randolph Churchill :were easily distinguishathe. At IMIS, the usual stir at the west door betokened theearrival of the bride. and .the choir moved slowly epathe aisle singing Miss Dorothy 3146niffeld's beautiful wedding. hymn,." Perfect Love." 'Then came the officiating': clergy, and then the bride, •leaning-on the arm of her fatherand attended by a page (the•Efon. Charles Lister) end nine little girl bridesmaids . in charming white frocks andtig Leghorn hats,carrying branches of La France roses. But one of the most in- teersting moments of theelay was-still to come. The bride-and bridegroom had taki3n -thoirplaces before the chancel rails, when a great burst of cheering outside, taken up again and again and againethri/led everyone present with the sense cf- the possible greatness of busman destiny, and Me., Gladstone walked into a place on the right-hand ' side of' the aisle, with a carriage of the head so erect and re step so firm that to- associate old age or fa.iiing powers with so magnific- ent a presence seemed an impossibility—an impertinence. Then theservice began, and at its conclusion the regjs- toes were signed, among others; by Me Gladstone, Lord Rosebery, and Mr. Balfour„ -.who with, Mr. Asquith and ' his best man, Mr. Haldaneeenaele• an interesting and Ihis'eeric Dittle group round the -vestry table. Perhaps the ' moment which will live longestin the memories of those present will be that in which-I,lre Gladstone's bent head could be seen silhouetted against the dim light of the . vestry window as he signal' his name.. The reception afterwards at 40, Grosvenor 2quare,,the town house of , Sir. Charles Tennant, was -attended by upwards of D,4oe people, and at a few- minutes before three ' Mr. and Mrs. Asquith drove oft tow Paddington. en • route for Melts Park, Frome, the seat of Mr.. John Fortescue Homer,. where the first part Of the honeymoon will be spent. The presents, which numbered nearly 450, comprised among others a sap- phire and diamond brooch from-the Prince and Princess of Wes ;seven volumes of • "Gleanings" from Mr. Gladstone, containing this inscription s--" To Margot Tennant, as she is and will be. With warm recollections andleevent hopes. Sit Den; ii,iiimatiip tzta," Michelet's " FliStory of France," from Mr. John Morley ; diamond tiaraiand bracelet, besides other jewellery. from Sir Charles Tennant ; a piece of fine old English plate, from Mr..L.equith's colleagues in the Government ; and many other-interesting and beautiful things too numerous to mention..

S4OI2IIOIINE MAT QUEEN I`2B/4VAL"

===== 0002601_18940512_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPERIAL PA RLIAMENT.

THURSDAY

Ih,the. House of Commons on Thursday the third read- ing, oTthe Cambridge Corporation Bill for the abolition of the• Spinning-house was carrled..by 1145 votes to 112. ['he tweltre o'clock rule was waspeMled and the debate on the second reading of the Budget, Bill resumed. Mr. j0111143:12,25 said the Pill embodied a itat and sagacious plan for meeting the financial situation, a situation not created by the present GAvernment. Mr. CLANCY, speak- ing for the Parnellites, maintained that under the Budget proposals Ireland would bs most unjustly taxed_ He was authorised to state that those who acted with him thought that system of plundering ought not to be carried on, any longer, and they :intended to vote against 7the second reading. Mr. 0.. Enws.Es described the • bill- as a Botany Bay Budget, and said not evenc, Robert Macaire .could have devised such a financial. Scheme. Sir IsAac fIonDEN expressed his entire approvalathe-moderate, rational, and. democratic Budget, remarking that the poor Ilan vheery taxed beyond the rich, atl,it was time the Chan- cellor-of the Exchequer went to the rich to see what he could,. get out of them. Mr. ..At .JI. BALFOUR contended

hat th-e,Bnik,et was inconsiitent with the traditions of

..!..lie•Liberal party, and that it heaped- not only taxes but insults- on the brewers and publican 6. Sir AV. HARCOURT L'who was received with loud. Alinisterial cheering,replied, Hind.stid the amendment :that the- hill should be read :that day six months was aimod not so much at the life f the nut-Net as at the li2e of the- Ci4ver n 'pent. The l'House divided, and there were-1?O1'. the second reading, ~:3087. against, 294 ; majority for the Gayer nment, 14. The result was received with loud, ehetri ng., from the Lillerats. It was resolved that the. 'Jou se on its rising :should adjourn till the 21:3. inst.

Tn the House of L'u.dA the Women's Suffrage Bill was ;read a first time. Several 'other hills were advanced. Their lordships adjourned till 'the creth inst.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
N.SAY QUEEN FESTIVAL AT 11A.YDOCK.

The ceremony of crowning. the May Queen, took place on Saturday afternoon, at Haydock. The 'prospects of a tine du,. wens- not very bright, but , 'although "Old So!" was conspicuous by his absence -still the rain kept c1,..!.0.nd with tke disadvantage of a threatening sky, and a cold wind, the day was of a fairly pleasant character: Some time before the :hour of mustering, the children began to gather at the place of rendezvous,. the Haydock football . ground, and a inotley.assernbkv. they made. The line of route of the procession was also. fringed with spectators !but the attendance was not nearly so large as last year. Soon after two o'clock, AIL were gathered, and a preces- sion having been formed,, ;I.:move was made, headed by the Ilaydock brass band:, with Mr. S. Pimblett as, mounted marshall; to the Owls. Nest, by way of the Toll Bar. A turn wwi ..tbert made, and the processi-in pro— ceeded up the village to. the- Ram's Head, and 'back to to the field, where the coronation took place. The pro- cessicn had fiklo fallen away in quality, as well as-in numbers, but still.it made a very presentable appear- ance. Followng ~the Se..y.doek band, were a be7y,of May pole dancers,, prettily attired in white with colouzed, sashes, then a representative-of Robin Hood, followed by a boat on a lurry containing a young lady represanthig the intrepid '''.Grace Darling," sailors and flower.girls. were followed by," Buffalo Mil" on horseback, and, be- hind him a lurry containing representations of Spring,. Summer, dutumn,,,and Winter, and Day and Night:. A tzood makeup of.liobinson Crusoe and his man fidaY,, preceded a goodly company of bakers, with characters portraying M. Gladstone, Lord Beaconsfield,•paike of. and hod; Salisbury. Butchers, footballers, with the newly, gained Alliance Cup, Darby:and Joan, Daisy Bell, Red Riding Hood, washerwomen plying their 1 vocation,Ally Slwer,and soldiers were folio wed,by, a. car. riag,e and pair conveying last year's queen,Mise A,Carter. ' A clovgi and, pantaloon, dressmakers, and teachers, compbsted the. first half of the procession. The.Eamles- town brass band; came next, and immediaWy,folleming, were ,a number of fiower girls, hospital nurses, and Briteinnia with Ireland, Scotland, Wales and Atnericaton a lorry, were quickly followed)oy servants, news boys, ashaving saloon, the poor victim ,finally hav- ing hisbeattsawn off, skipping rop3.,.girls, champion boxqrs, pii.Ners, milk maids, Italian 014., scaptre bearer, crown, beater„ and finally the Queen,. Miss Harrison, daughter, oB Mr.J. Harrison, of Lime-st ,who. was attired in a pretty dress of cream stuff with ermine train. On arriyal at the field, the Queen tHok.,. her: place on the throne, and after the plaiting of the May pole, by dancera..,arained by Mr. Ralphs, the ceremony of srown- ing was performed by Miss Barrett. The festivities afterwazds consisted of a grand march and dance, entertainment by the champion boxers, and skipping rope dance. The field was afterwards given over to the general public, who indulged in dancing until dark. During the afternoon prizes were awarded for the best and neatest turnouts of horses, the .result of the judges being as follows :—Heavy class, Ist prize Joseph Simm (Messrs. It. Evans and Company), second prize, Joseph Clare, farmer. 3rd William .Carter (Richard Evans and Company). Light class, Ist .prizo, Thomas Harrison,, 2nd Dr. Hayward.

THE HHA.UTH,OF. ST, HELENS. At the St. Helens Health Connii3tee on Wednesda.y,tibe medical officer reportsd.that during the past fortnight the death-rate was unusually low, being only 14.9, against 18.7 in the previous fortnight, and 21.5 in the corresponding period of last year. In the thirty-two weeks which had elapsed since September the deat:l-rate had only averagedl7•B: The deaths from zymOic dis- eases were 4, an the number of cases. of sicknpss was 46. Of scarlet lever there were 2 deaths and 28 new cases, and of typhoid fever 7 new cases. No,ether case of typhus fevr. had been reported in the Sutton district. As a result of a letter to the teachers of the various schwls regarding scarlet fever, three children had been found attending school in the most highly infectious condition by the teachers and promptly sent home. The number of patients in the Isolation Hospital on Saturs. day was twenty-five, The female sa:aitary inspectm had during April visited 981 houses in the poor distritts of Greenback, Gerard's Bridge, and rocket Nook. In 73 cases it was found that children were being kept in a dirty and unwholesome condition; 25 houses were lime-washed, and 43 persons had been served with notices for allowing houses t,a be in an insanitary cond!. tion. Dr. Robertson said he could testify to the fact. that the district of Greenback V 749 sh4Wing (lips, et a better condition.

===== 0002601_18940512_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
The crowning of the May Queen took place at (Tolbonte on Saturday. Shortly after noon visitors began pouring into. the village from all rittarterse speciall train being run from surrounding towns acd,viDages,and'long before the time of cor2Mence' • menthe streets, were fined -with sight-seers. 'nib child,' ref" met at 1.45 on the recreation ground, and wore put, in marching order -by the committee (Dr. Dobb•9f'Stia7 ting as-n_ C. ). Aatart was- effected shortly after " Lulizor. the lady gymnast, leading the way, fellOwea by (theeri,Elicabetla.(liss M.l2clackmore), both on horse- ' :•ack. Then came the Galborne Brass Band leading the ' way forte floral d'ancers,.whc, were dressed alternateir in pinTand blue thesses-with sashes of the same mat 9-- trial.. Then followed'a, larga rormber of fl9we: tveariCg.twreaths oh thstir heads and carrying ba3-fret3-0` ltivrerAsriteir hands,. .making. way for bakers, a-lorry Containing the rising generntion,. and butchers, and hos- nursefewith baskets of deantiea hung on their grills- The Wiirring:ton ftaggedBunday cool Band same-nest,' followed-by the UPo 'ZS troupe-of cloy, dancers,,glearlere'' red riding hoods, sold:ers;,babes' in the wood on !Cid men and 'old woman, Darby arc?. Joan, blacksmiths and striAirsonilkmaiclol.anoer batch of flower girls,' ' stable•tmys,. After these tame the•foirs Lane Band. f°' Irlwing.whicty, were the Mkypo,lii dancers. King Eenr7.. eattw ,ont, being represented by Master T.Blelit Chartds ..,I.(Master :Clialpelit)lfoliovring, after which.- were the sword bearer (Mister It /111olyneux), sceptre bearer (Aster 3. Higgi3ion):and!crowo bearer (Master 'J tkisiborn)) The carriage oosetaining the May was next the-epntre of at (*action,. this position bei°f Rbs,Mitinie Potter,wht,was, charmingly attireu-, Pages and beefeaters were. in c?Ose:-atten :lance, the gamds,alea-being in close. proximity.. Next came a cr_ raecontinjn the maidS•of hosour, followed by L',"`. ja:kets, gardeners, hat Viaders;. plasterers, slaterS, aW. othercontiagent of red riding hc.9f.iii,these making ' for Abe carriages‘of the ex.4heerz, (Miss Agnes Clayton-7. and- her maids of, honour, . bakers., and-hospital niirses;'. A idTry containing Britannia (Ms Wright) and rerre' sentatives or Diigland,lrelpmdr;Scotiand,and Wales nef clrO,rned- 'attention. followi7g whick4 came a grouP Swies--peasants leading the way -for the gipsy queen (M'3,::) MaT4,llldln).; who rod.r in Pi carrr-ran„ and was foz lowed-bra tribe of gipsies..ofPring their wares for sale. • Queen, Rosebud,. represented I by IYARe. Gertie Sauke:l.4r:: shared- her cavriage with Miry :Citeen, of Sects Maggie Barrow. . The gipsyr claTiJers. suitably attireu.7. wers,.precededbyythe Garsw.aed flal iuitltute Band Abbe,, rear of the :prenession being brought up by another bate of bakers and, the miniature poliaeman with dracr,il,% bilten:. It' is esthilated that no - fewer- cban 1,200 too'. part ;rithe procession. The corona tio.rof the May QuPee was performe&on the recreaten groand. A prog,ranarn°, of dames, plaiting:-the maypo;s4- and, trapeze perforro anceswas afterwards gone through

A A DID IMO NA L ! ..r.b3TAL FAClZarrneilif2' AEWTON

.14AnLEUTOWN.. Cciinuencing! on Monday, .the Ith- inst., the lowing, altera:iens came into force :—An earlY' morning collection at s.o'clea• will, be made from letteTt IrOxes, rind local correspontle,ct will fall int?" the .Fit'st. delivery throughont,the-district. The Or., lections throughout the dap. be made -to more-closely to,. the local (I,..*liverieti and to raei!s- clespalenedto cZin,r towns.. Ttie isas,t general Coe'. lectiam,from wallietter boxes-will be at 8 p.m. steacli of 613Ciip:m., with a lager postinc, at Nevvt°7o.? Post ',Ate and .at Earlestowo, Po k Office up tc p.m. the night mail's. nu-Sunday evening et lectionlroraEtiziesrown Post.-O.MiCe will he made 5.30 .ar,„-insteild;or4l3o p.m.. The mid... Flay deliVe of lett.x.mi will ,be.extended to,ioclude Wargraveo Crow4aine, near the Race coarse. Ade; tiontil letter' hoxea--wilt be, placed in l'hirgrave-road, vitrlo squax,,s.ml.Pfr rnod.

MAI tKaillt. , Itumeirm,,SiTurirntri,--Fresh butter In, 3d and Os lue lb.; fracil eggs;ls•for is.; fowl, 3s tiltaas Oki per couple;is tV-2 0,- • ed pert:comle ;.geose Os to td, per lb. ; turkeys ._s Od pe, •lb .: • beet, 8d per lb.; mutton, 81d to , s per pork Cd taBl.d per lb. ; lamb Od to Od per- lb. ; veal Od to per lbo; potatoes, Si Ml° Os Od per load.. Cheese 7.:1d per lb:- Wrlesis,-SeTußDAA,.—Fresh ',Miter, 13.4 d and 03 0.-1 tkerieg lb.; froahe2g*,l2Jor is ; fowls, 36rOd to- as per couple ; d'„1.72 Os (.4.1 to OS, per• couVe ; zeese, ,P per 15, ; beet, 71 to-) ; mutton. 44 to, 641, per lb. ; pc,k, 9u to Od per lb. ed to ''d-per lb, ; lamb. 0,1 per lb., ; potatoes per load. 5s WA litit GTON MA KET .—Vicayxuarmy, MAY E•51,41'.:: FRUIT; VEG-If.TA.!;LE. .E; DITTCHERS",AN IFItiHMONGEIW TABLE. 1,1.. p s., s. d. S. if 0 540 0 9 Melons each ... 0 6 A 0— 1 1 G.mngas. each 0 Mototon, „ -'1 10 Csalery stick 0 2 0 „ 0 6 0 9 Wars 0 2 0 ie.. Foss •, „ O, 6—o 9 Aptiects each A— - - _

Pork cid;i4 0. —0 ,1 C.1;r1,):73 ver lb ...00- cured 0' 5k —0 Car.l(llo4rer ... 0 4 - 0' -

, - ... .. WlSaid rigs„ sc. a -4 - 3 '6 (ucumber, each° 4 ileece , - 0 1) Cabbages each 0 2- C" F.m.s to couple 4 6-0 0 Man-istoes v it Ckens. 5- 0 0 .1,-Atilbe7t,a lb D0,,.../(s „ - 0 0 Spanis f, Onions 0 0 --ow s Itv,i-its - 0 0 Turnips „ 0 1 Hxnes..each,... 4 6 -0 0 .t.eparagus ilOOO 0- t Pigeons ..... .. 1 0- 0 0 Potatoes 0 load 3 0 --,,,'' s, IVes,'ilio trace-4 0-0 0 :few potatoes,, 0 2 --r: et, Gr.use „ 5 0- 0 0 '..‘,1 us t.ro, T.13t3 gr it 2 0 ---, sa, Pileasants. -0 0 Green Peas 'o' it 0 0 _.G -''' Tnrke.v a a 0 10 0 0 dreen ,-;prouts it 0 3 :Latter, fresh it. 1 4-1 5, 11, ans, kidney tt 0 0 --r- 'lien isegs.ls,l.Z3 1 0 --. 0 0 Bbmeg,:anates... 0 ".. -f; 0 0-0 CP IValnuts „ 0 C . A polm.ll, ....... 0 2- 0 0' Lemons „ 0 1 - If., Onions... ...... , 1- 0 Z Cheese, fine old 72 0- °tapes ~ ...... 0 0- 1 0- Fite new 63 04,-70 •;, . Pine Apple eath 26 - 3 0.- „ good 63 cireengagait,,.. 0- 0 4". „. medium 55 `Y- °",' • . CP erries. ~. ...... 00-0 0, Lol,ster y It, Stray, beizies „ 0 0- 0 0 Turhot ~1 4.----‘4 3 . • Damsons , ~ 0 2- 0 0' Salmon „ - •4 A Plums ..,„ - 0 4? Whitings Gooseberries „ 0 6- 0 0, Fluk,s „ ~ ,-0, 0 BasP,ormis „ 0 0- 0- 0 Eels ~ ~0.. fi'-ell ilia.cicearsants 0 0-0' 0 Soles ~ ~ - 0-.,.- 4... V liNi cterraut, 0 0- 0 0' Spirlings Alarpows each 0 0-C, 4, Codfish „ 0 5- - . 6 Soak ale- t,; , 0 0- 0 0- 11/2,c,;erel each 0-:, 41 -fly 0 Rhubarb. beh 0 5- 0 0 Y. erri.g tf' C102:fill 1 .........

E E T II

• 'l.'

===== 0002601_18940512_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
TEETH.

A._ ---------. If .: .rrtnETH. . PARKINSO.NS'S TEETH itne ,at Ole P btia, • ii_ UNEXCIALLED IN THE WOli.-2:01. n. P" 0411, . - 0 R.ITTiq. may rest assured that these stataneen",itie' " based on,ABSOLUTIiI TRUTH', aud*PL4p,4,„Pts I,„l'' 'rprevnp..yr best gu‘rantet of this to intansii•ngr P4'--.gest, • ' ..'".• that J. a.. PAIIKI NSON has caeof itte '"e or:. , ... Ddntal Is. racti(tes in England- am, 'ffinte°,''' ttr, V rEETH. employing the BEST LA-2017E4 usi,n.,.' gi, 1 U BEST MATERIALS obtaitiAlMe, . '..IIII'ETII. the LOTrICST POSSIBLE PRICE. Any set .razde, or any wo,lcrdono,'?l 'T'llnot Wiling ABSOLUTE ii,killfids",4oll. : . • Even,. rutail will he itome‘lleitely rorroe4-: 01. , an ENT.aiil NEW swr, made PHD- - igETEE. CIIARGE. _..1... These ormiditions insure. tite, pudTtlic's . TEETH. Lion and recommendati.-..ar, z:i,otiaplitled '• i dar seteiinvi.ng been inserted . or patients ‘ ~„,) T . 1 EETH. one•yeax only, directly aild indirectly to`4-tialk : the- voluntary persuasicari recommeou),'," r 'TIE ETII. of OMB SINGLE PAINT. Any these patients' names aid adVtresses, for 1 rence., will be given t.a., any ;could-be P''' I ril EETII. personally applying ~,,r;. them. The' ' !s- Caowseocis in the past, ta.,clLre,ta,rnmending . 'TEETH-, klends, speak volumes. for Mr. Parlgir' .- 14i..teCeSt. • h 109 . i 'TEETH. Nis unusually Larxn. i)entul Establis-,etoS 1 , 1. adapted for the Cl;a.';:a-frißT',O Patients, 10 TEETH. NOT DETER ANY,,' ALL, sae WELO9,,' tot ll: riEETIT. !MBE CONSULTAZONS Daily froni l and 2 to 6. ABSOLUTELY PAINLItSS 1 EXTRA:Ai.' aii as hitherto, by,:theuld of his orlz,_f/011( TEETH, LIQUID NITROUS-OXIDE, of whici'..4„,,'''D gal liquefies for sale t.,Q!,clenAilets nearly 104-':oi,ti T EETik lons weekly. Patie.nts, hAve. th, speciality also tha...benels.t. of his e.ropcfc-.12, .-1. . TRETA. • CLOSED Ai,,iL DAY ON Fillf;sAl TEETH.

-- J.I PARKINSON, Dentl..4 by Examinaticl. 46, MOSLESTR.NET, WAIIRINGTON ON WEDNasDAY, at W.,is Cb°

Ladies' Outfitter, Saaltey-st.., froln 2 to 5 Pon' 1.4t,0RN, on TIRTUSIILYS, at Mrs. Ilur4o. ( • Parson's), Confectioner. Piridze-st., from 2 t° NORTHWIC IL on PP MAYS, at 18, Applerwitet-%t 'rort% 12>aan.. and 1 to I).nl'

MA ititlAG ES. lICAPSII—HITGHES—A rziL 28th, at the Parifill zington, by the Itew..A,. A. Markham, Edward Martha Hughes. DEATHS. g 4ige. 'STRINGER—ApriI 23th, at Aikin-at., Maus- ret Alica , aged 5 months. a e GLYNN—ApriI 30tbot Prim's Gate, l‘la.fthow Glylins'l- rd years. iff° CRANVFORD —Apr7.l 30th, at Orford Lane, Hobert Gra aged 30 years. a 31°63°° HANDS—ApriI .oth, at Glass House Row, Sam° 1 * Hands, agedar months. .---

o

NIENIORIATA CARDS, CIRCULAW, BILLHEADS, MWORANDU:O. Handbills, Window Bills, Posters, and print'ag, executed with neatness and deepstch by the Boionah Press 34, bridge-street, Warrin'

arrlngton.—Priuted and PUbilSnen by JOHN cree' - 1 d 84 The kzaininci,* 44-ineral Printing WOr:C9. . a•td Publialled alio at The Eraminet 0111':418, ' WumF..s ; Hig/a-3treet, Rtisconx ; 32, Ge°l- 1171:" HeLens '' an hi Xl4 33, a,r4et-atraet, /14NIE411° /2, 1824,

,rge-"r*eet'

===== 0002601_18940512_art0156.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
II l

===== 0002601_18940512_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
1

I

A WONDERFUL WATCH." r. 30S. 4. thoroughly reliable all HAND-MADE SILVER ENG- _ _I4A-SFI PATENT LEVER WATCH, capped. jewelled, and .wyrAcl with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE, HEAVY SOLID .. cw„L'IrER HALL-MARKED CASES well finished, and speei- ty adapted to fit flat in the pocket." FOR FIFTY SHILL- This watch is timed to a minute, and will STAND • AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ...11-tIOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION A Bona fide ...written Guarantee for Fifteen YeArs given with each watch. ris Watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or "t4lO glass, at same price. To be obtained only from E. A. " A. EUSTANCE, wrochmakers. THE ILLUMINATED °LOCK, 43, Sankey-street. Warrington. tr-B.—Seut post-free to all parts of the United Kingdom on "ceiPt a P. 0.0.

ST. JOHN'S PRESBYTERIAN CHAPEL, RUN- CORN.—The valedictory services in the Old Chapel . l be held on SUNDAY morning and evening. MAY 13th, 111 i It'll the Rev. J. PULFO LLD WILLIAMS will preach on ;,lhe Church's Gteatest Need " and " The unchangesble -..5t." special hymns and anthems. Collections in aid of ..ew Building Fund. , DON'T FORGET THE . GRAND 'SACRED CONCERT. BY THE WIDNES SUBSCRIPTION PRIZB BAND IN I.HE PUBLIC HALL. RUNCORN. , . TO MORROW (Whit Sunday) EVENING.

lIERSEY .lISSION TO SEAMEN, RUNCORN BRANCH.. WHIT-TUESDAY, MAY 15T11, ANNUAL EXCURSION TO LIVBRPOOL AND NEW BRIGHTON, esilitig at the Training Ship" INDEFATIGABLE," By the Saloon Steamer " CROuUS." l'he Steamer will leave Bottom Locks, Runcorn. at 8-30 trn- prompt ; returning New Brighton at 6-30 p.m., tinef's Landing Stave Liverpool. at 7-30 p.m., sharp. A.RB 18. 3d. ; Childr,n half price. Get Tickets early. 4utilher limited.

EARLESTOWS WESL EY AN CHURCH. SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY ON SUNDAY, MAY 13TH, 1894. Preacher: Rev. T. WYNNE-JONIC. Service 10-30. Evening 6-30. Sperial Hymns will be snug by the Choir and Children. In the AFTERNOON, at 2-45, 4 SACRED CANTATA, "A Daughter of Moab," will be given. Band and Chorus numbering 107. o.,nductor, Mr. T. CLARE, Sen. Organist, Miss E. L. GREENALL, Collection at each Service in aid of School Funds. CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, NEWTON-LE- WILLOWS. 53ED SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY. TWO SERMONS Will be preached On SUNDAY. MAY 13, 1394. by the Rev. E. HERBER EVANS, D.D., Principal of Bangor College. Divine Service. Morning at, 10-30, Evening at 6- 30. In the Afternoon, at 2-45, The Choir and Scholars will give Butterworth'a Cantata. "TILE CHOICEST GIFT." Organist, Mr. W. H. THOMPSON. On THURSDAY EVENING, MAY 17th, at 7-30 Ilte Rev. J. A. MITCHELL, 8.A., of ST. HELENS. will preach. A. collection will he made at the else of each service in aid "‘ the Sunday School. Your preserlce is cordially invited. AST. BARNABAS SCHOOLS BUILDING FUND. A BAZAAR 111 b* held in the GYMNASIUM. on the 30th of May Zunivio following days to pay off the Balance due to the „ItelP is earnestly solHted either by subscriptions. which T-77,be paid into Parr's Bank to the C:edit of R. PWAID. laule-urer. or useful Art!cles will be gladly received by the 13ers of the Committee. WM. A. PROUD. " Sunnyside," Warrington. J. It. 25, Lovely Lane, Warrington. Secretaries.

- SHIP CANAL. MAWSON AND CO. Rave pleasure hi ANNOUNCING that FINAL ARRANGEMENTS have leen made to hs.ve a MONSTRE EXCURSION PRoX WARRINGTON TO LIVERPOOL AND NEW BRIGHTON AND BACK, BY THE SHIP CANAL, On SATURDAY after WALKING DAY. „nYTI-113 SPLENDID STEAMER "SNOWDROP.' -rare there and hack 3s. Children under 12 years half fare, lellrne of departure from Latchford Locks, 7.30 a.m. Steamer lie's, New Brighton at 5-30 p.m., and Liverpool at 6 p.m. p AWSON and CO.. also beg to anuounc,e that all Cash tatiptnents to them tiet, een APRIL Ist, and JUNE 16th, to extent of £3 will entitle the Customer to a FREE TICKET uer cent, on all lesser p•irchases. As the accommodation ir4iteAl early application for T:ckets is necessary. • 35, SANKEY STREET. WARRINGTON.

W—— EDDING RINGS.—PUItE GUINEA GOLD ,22-CAR AT WEDDING RINGS. Largest Stock and 7,, 'alue in the town or district. Sold by weight from .uatei(.l• to 50s. All sizes and shapes. including the Round and Round always in E tocli . A handsome present given to --.Zurchaser. Finger size cards 1,,05t free. B. AND A. FUSTANCE. Tac ILLUMINLTED CLocK, 43, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. Nal—Strictly Private Room for fitting. - ESTABLISH ED, 1864. - _

IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT. EYESIGHT! M. F. NEUBERT, (IPTc'r't Neubert and Co., Consulting Optician, Sonthport). ATTENDS at No. 3., SANKEY-STREET. every WEDNESDAY from 2 p.m. to 8 p.m. t,) snpply 416. CORRECTLY ADAPTED SPECTACLES at MODERATE PRICES. Illi It''. NELTBERT Ins had considerable experience in 41$ important Business and will GIVE ADVICE on -..: 3' matter relating to DEFECTIVE VISION and Will TEST the SIGHT FREE OF CHARGE. ' . SPECTACLES AND FOLDERS, PROM 2/6 PER PAIR. Re4d.P..NEUBERT'S book on Eyesight, Gratis.

"b6AI WESTERN AND LONDON ..AND NORTII- I.I_,WESTERN JOINT RAILWAYS. r, W HITSUNTIDE EXCURSIONS. Eta;tipSa._.turday, Whit-34,41day, Tuesday. Wednesday, Thurr;- e11e„,.,r,“-.Y and Saturthi, MAY 12. 14,15,16. 17. IS, and 19, Ivor' -oxeurslon Tickets. for Ralf Day and one or three days, itt7oye Issued Ai by trains leaving ASICITES TER (Exchange) tot,:°,s. 9-40, 11-25 a m.. 2-15 and 4-25 p.m. and other principal '" in Mao,chester Dis.trict, as per hills, for Halton. Nur- ImProdsham, Helsby.Parkgate, West-Kirby, and Chester. and 521,.fr050 Manche,ter to Chestor on Sundays MAX 13th tor one or two days. js•l partieniars'as to Times, Pares, and Return Trains. all bills to be ,btanned at the stations, and the usual offices, or from Mr. COLES, Excursion, Agent, 77a, ^ `,t Street, Manthe.ster. W. THORNE, Stwf. Superintendent, M,y, 1294.

1

:HUSSEY'S LADIES' SHIRTS AND BLOUSES. ARE THE CHEAPEST AND tIOST STYLISH IN ENGLAND. FANCY LACE SCARFS, BOWS, TIES, FRILLINGS, FALL NETS, PHOTO-FRAMES, ART POTTERY, FOREIGN FANCIES, ac. SPECIALLY INEXPENSIVE JEWELLERY. 116, BOLD STREET. LIVERPOOL.

QUEEN'S HOTEL, (late Nag's Head), WARRING TON. DINNERS, LUNCHEONS AND TEAS.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40, LUDGATE HILL. HOME COMFORTS. CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. • Central for business or pleasure.

I.LICKPOPL.--GATIPS PRIVATE HOTEL. 57, Adelaide-et. Board, Apartments, and Attendance, 6s. per day. No extras.

T LAND IT D NO.—PARADE HOTEL, Church IJ Walks, close to Pier gates.—Excellent accommodation; moderate charges; FIRST-CLASS ORDINARY DAILY at 1.44 ; luncheons, dinners, teas, Ac. Choirs and picnic parties catered for. Daily, weekly, and Week-end 13oardiug Terms.—C.T.C.

SOUTTIPORT.— SUNNYSIDE HYDRO.—Physician Dr. RARNARDO, Summer and Winter Residence, one of the handsomest buildings in t.outhoort, centrally situated, replete with every comfort, fine Sea View ; near Parks. Piers,. Trams. and Golf Links ; Turkish, Vapour, and other Baths; Massage. Galvanism .—Terms moderate.—Proprietor, J. BoococK.

LAMBERT'S FAMILY AND COMMERCIAL HOTEL, High-street, Holywell.—A few minutes' walk from the celebrated St. Winefrble's Well ; sole right of meeting (with omnibuses or other conveyances) all trains ; three miles drive through a beautiful country to the celeb- rated Pantasaph Monastery and Convent ; interesting walk by Stations of the Cross to Calvary.—T. A. LAMBERT, pro- prietor.

TO VISITORS TO LIVERPOOL. HUG-11 ES'S TEMPERANCE COMMERCIAL MOTEL, 18, OLD HAY I,,ARKET (one door from St. John's Lane). LIVERPOOL. Close to Lime-st., Tithebarn-st., and Central Stat,ions. First-class Bed and Sitting-room accommodation. CHARGES (inoluding attendance) is. 6d. to 2s. per night. 1311EAK FASTS, DINNERS. TEAS, at, moderate Prces.—PARTIES CATERED FOR.

Established 25 yews in Manchester REPAIRS. WM. SOMEMILLE AND SONS, MANUFACTURERS OF OUTSIDE SUN BLINDS WITH WOOD AND PANT SPRING ROLLERS WORKS: 63, BACK PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

VIOLINS. VIOLONCELLOS, MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. JOHN BYR.OAI PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Chanot). Strings, Bows, Cases, &c.. of Finest Quality. ARTISTIC REPAIRING IN ALL ITS BRANCHES AT 37, RENSHAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

T 0 BAKERS AND CONFECTIONERS. GREAT REDUCTION in the Price of TINS and all UTENSILS in the TRADE. Troughs, ectles. and Weights; Blowers, Chnffers, and Pipes ; Strainers. Trucks, Riddles., and Sieves, Peels, and Roth; Dockers, Scrapers, Barm Cans, Flour Scoopes, Knives, Grease Brushes. Bakehouses and Shops fitted upwith every Utensil in the Trade. Large Stock. Prlce List on application at M. L 0 W E 'S. Bakers' and Confecloners'Tool awl Utensil Manufacturer. 24, PRESCOT-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

CA LE S, WEIGHTS, AND WEIGHING MACHINES. CHEAPEST PLACE IN TOWN. SCALES for Butchers, Bakers, Confectioners, Grocers, Provision De,ders, Greengrocers, Fruiterers. Tot,acconists, Fishmongers, Cal Dealers, 8:e. All stamped. To be sold at less tlyin Cost Price. M. LOWE'S BAKERS' AND CONFECTIONERS' TOOL AND UTENSIL M A NUFACT UltEl?. 24, PRESCOr-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

CII IMNEY TOPS! CHIMNEY TOPS. Large Stock always on hand of Wind Guards. Cavity Heads, Cowl and Spiked Tops, Iron Paint Cans. Painters and Builders spnial-made Galvanised Buckets, Paint Strain- ers. Knotting 13OtiCs. &c. All kinds of Sheet Metal Work done at a Grert lteduetton in Price. AT M. LOWE, PAINTERS & BUILDERS' TINMAN, &C., 24. PRESCOT-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

NOTICE, TO JOINERS, CARPENTERS, PLUMBERS, HOUSEHOLDERS AND OTHERS. TOOLS (forfeited Pledges).—FOß SALE all I. kinds of TOOLS, in large or small quantities. HIIOII E S 812 0 S., Pawnbrokers, Jewellers. Clothiers, Tool Factors, and General Dealers, 111 AND 120. BROWNLOW HILL, LIVERPOOL. SMALL MACHINERY AND SECOND-HAND TOOLS. BOUGHT 'BY HUGHES BROS., 116, BROWNLOW HILL, LIVERPOOL. Telephone 5171.

GOLD SPECTACLES & EYEGLASSES FROM 15s. 6d. All Repairs done on the Premises. G. AND N. STOKES, 10, CHURCH-LANE, LIVERPOOL, By St. Peter's Church. TEN YEARS WORKMAN TO WOOD late ABRAHAMS.

UPTURES. FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. -LC T. ECIGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure of Rupture; registered; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7 4t 9, Grosvenor-street, Lon- don-road, Manchester. BlALe;se'lo. NET vs-100;23A qualities p tre ept, pi ilsVd a r Arigneg4ttofno Dye Works.. MASSAGE TAUGHT in Manchester; terms la ls. I- for a course of six lessons.—Anlv Miss GRFENFIELD, Home for Hospital-trained Nurses and Paying Patients, Stamford-road. Bowdon.

J]'l GUEST PRICE Given for Old Gold and Silver, Di atnon ds, Seflil.l nnd Eleetro Plate, Antiqu- s, Dental Gold. Sce. ,L4ters attended to. C. If. HAYHURST (late J. ILirris Gibson), 73. Itensbn.w-street. Liverpool.

POLICE NOTICE. rr HE POLICE are hereby GIVEN FULL POWER to Arrest all Persons who are not seen in possession of one of the PARAGON'S UMBRELLAS or WALKING STICKS, and convey them (4) E. CormN, The Paragon, floe- et., (mijoining Royal Court Theatre), Liverpool.

35/.. REV/vT., kUTTCPIr TRATE. THE 35/_ T. B. CARDW ELL, PRACTICAL WATC 11:11 AKER, 105. DALE-STREET. LIVERPOOL, Offers to the Public and especially to Mechanics, a thorough English SILVER LEVER WATCH, reliable in works and accurate in time, at a cost of 355. Many persons will t,e surprised that a genuine Eurzlish lever eln he made for the price, but T. B. CARDWELL has succeeded in producing an English Lever 355. Watch not inferior tq those sold elsewhere for £5. The 35e. ENGLISH SILVER LEVER WATCH, Jewelled in Seven Actions, guaranteed for Five years, can be had at CARDWELL'S 105, DALE-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Next Door to Central Police Station. Hall-marked 18. carat Gold English Keyless Lever Watches, from 10s. REPAIRS PROMPT AND RELIABLE.

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING RESQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16s. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 245. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9s. 6d. 39 AND 41 DALE STREET, c AND 8 PARKER STREET, • LIVERPOOL.

V IRE NETTING, STAPLES, GARDEN TOOLS. CUT, WROUGHT, WIRE, AND COPPER NAILS. Bolts and Note, Washers, Set Screw.s. Fce. W. AND J. ELLISON, GENERAL IRONMONGERS, 55. PARADISE-ST., LIVERPOOL. Telephone. No. 1,735.

yA CITT S' AND BOATS' IRONMONGERY. Rowlocks, Ilinnacle Rings, Lamps and Fittings, Con- necting Links, Chins, Eyelets and 'thimbles, Copper and Iron Nails and Tcks. and every Descript,on of Shipping Tackle. W. and J. ELLISON, 55, PARADISE-SIMICET, Liverpool. Telephone, 1,735.

A CYCLIST'S COMPLETE OUTFIT FOR £1 is. 6D. OR THE SUIT 12s. 6,1. Can be had only of HENOCHSBERG & ELLIS, ISLINGTON, LIVERPOOL. Consisting of— WEAR-RESISTING BLUE INDIGO SERGE SUIT, 12s. 6d. CALF LEATHER SHOES, RIPBED WORSTED STOCKINGS, FLANNELETTE SHIRT, CLUB BELT, TIE AND CAP TO MATCH SUIT. THIS COMPLETE OUTFIT FOR £1 is. 6d., OR THE SUIT 12s. 6d. CAN BE HAD ONLY AT THE NEW DEPARTMENT FOR CYCLING AND ATHLETIC OUIFITS, AT HENOCIISBERG & ELLIS'S NEW PREMISES, 12. 14, 141, AND 16, ISLINGTON, LIVERPOOL. N.B.—A cholcP Stock of all Classes of Garments, suitable for Cycling, Boating. Golfing, Cricketing. &c., at 25 per Cent. Less than others charge.

ry. .rvv . P. & W. SKELTON, LIMITED, JUBILEE BUILDINGS, HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON. COMPLETE HOUSE FURNISHERS, GENERAL IRONMONGERS, SMALLWARE DEALERS, BUILDERS' ATERCHANTS, CYCLE AGENTS. GOLF CLU 135. TENNIS GOODS, BATS, WICKETS, BALLS. LEG GUARDS, GLOVES, &C. WIRE NETTING, FENC ING WHIR. BA.SSINE I TES, MAIL CARTS. MATS, MATTING. CARPETS RUGS. LEA.TrIER BAGS OF ALL DESCRIP- TIONS. LADIES DRESS TRUNKS, TRAVELLING IRUNKS. WE RESPECTFULLY SOLICIT ENQUIRIES. JUBILEE BUILDINGS, HORSEMARKET ST., WARRINGTON.

. MT. MARSH, DECEASED. FURNITURE. GREAT CLEARANCE SALE OF LARGE AND VALUABLE STOCK. Must be CLEARED at once, GREAT REDUCTIONS for CASH. 164. .4c 166, BRIDGE FOOT. WARRINGTON.

COUNTY OF CHESTER. LOCAL GOVEBIVMEN I' ACTS,. 1888 AND 1894. LYMM URBAN SANITARY DISTRICT. NTOTICE is HEREBY GIVEN, that a Committee ap- -11 pointed by the County Council, under and for the purposes of the Lccal Government Act, 1888, and the Local Government Act, 1894, or either of them, will hold an Inquiry at the TECHNICAL SCHOOL, Bridgewater Street, LYMM, on THURSDAY, the 24th day of MAY inst., at three o'clock in the afternoon, and will then and there proceed to take into consideration a proposal made by the Lymm Local Board for the division of its district into four Wards, and, far increasing the number of members of the Board from Mine to Ten. And NOTICE is hereby further GIVEN, that all per- sons interested may attend the Irquiry and be heard. Dated this s:h day of May, 1894. REGINALD POTTS, Clerk of the Cheshire County Connell.

JON. BLUNDELL & SON, PEMBERTON, WIGAN AND ORRELL COLLIERIES. COAL WHARF, 271 GEE STREET, WARRINGTON. ENLARGEMENT OF PREMISES. COAL LOADED FROM WAGGONS, UNDER SHEDS, PROTECTED FROM EXPOSURE TO THE WEATHER. JOHN DIGNUM, AGENT.

EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. IN A FEW HOURS THEY GAVE ME RELIEF. EADE'S plus. " West street, Firgrove. "Rochdale. December 14th, 1889. FADE'S piLLs. "bear Sir —I have had the Gout in my big toe for six years on EADB'S piLLs. and off in spite of the numerous liniments and pills I bought. At length my brother advised ma to try your pills. So I sent for a small bottle, Is. 11d, and am pleased to say nothing ever did me so much good. IN A FEW HOURS THEY GAVE ME RELIEF, and in four days I could wear my boot and go to business. GOUT The second bottle made me allright, nor has the pain since returned. I RHEUMATISM will never be without your pills, and shall recommend to all I knew. GOUT —Yours truly, "A. CHAD WICK. RHEUMATISM "Mr. G.Eade." EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. Prepared only by George Eade. 72, Goswell-road. London. 8.C.; and Sold by all Chemists. in Bottles, Is. 10. and 2s. 9d. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS.

DR. FOX S COUGH AND VOICE WAFERS THE GREAT REMEDY. FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, INFLUENZA, HOARSENESS, LOSS OF VOICE AND ALL AFFECTIONS OF THE CHEST AND LUNGS. These invaluable Wafers, being prepared from Herbs and Fruits only, do not contain any deleterious ingredients, and may be taken with perfect safety by old and young. DR. lox's COUGH AND VOICE WAFERS, Prepared only by GEORGE BADE, 72, GOSWELL-ROAD, LONDON. And sold everywhere in Tins, ls, Ud. each. Post free from the Proprietor on receipt of Stomps or Postal Order.

PICTURE FRAMES, MOULDING &C. The Cheapest House in Warrington for Moulding PICTURE FRAMES, PICTURES, PICTURE GLASS, and Yvery requisite for FRAMES. 50,000 feet Jf Moulding always in Stock. WHOLESALE OR RETAIL. J. W 7. JAMSON. 18. FRIAR'S GATE AND MARKET HALL, WARRINGTON. 71 VICTORIA ROAD, WIDNES.

PLEASE NOTE; . ROBINSON, WHOLESALE MOULDING IMPORTER AND PICTURE FRAME MAKER. HAS REMOVED TO 21. ST. ANNE-STREET, LIVERPOOL. DIRECTLY OPPOSITE THE CHURCH. PLEASE NOTE: 11. ROBINSON'S ONLY ADDRESS.

GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS. FOR DANISII KIEL BUTTER, SMOKED WILTSHIRE. IRISH ROLL AND HOME-CURED BACON. PRIME CHESHIRE CHEESE, In fact for General GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS At Prices to SUIT all try E. DOWNES, FAMILY GROCER AND PROVISION DEALER, 12, OXFORD STREET, EARLESTOWN.

TANNERS' LANE COAL WHARF, WARRINGTON, THE PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON COMPANY, LIMITED, INCE HALL COLLIERIES, NEAR WIGAN. LOCAL MANAGER, ALFRED PERRIS. All kinds of House Coal, Nuts, Burgy, and Engine Fuel kept in stock. Wagons sent to any Railway Station, House orders promptly attended to. N.B.—Orders received also at 191, Sankey-st.

FISH., GAME, POULTRY, &c. R. GLEN DINNING & CO. (who have been established for the last 60 years at ST. JOHN'S MARKET, LIVERPOOL.) Intend opening the preinises 48, HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON, are now opened with a choi(” selection of FISH, POULTRY, and GAME (in season). Special attention will be given to all Orders entrusted to us. BEST ARTICLES SUPPLIED at the LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. Re GLENDINNING & CO.

FARMERS' STORES, WARRINGTON. BUTCHERS' SHoP. Country-fed Beef, Mutton, Pork, Veal, Lamb, t4c, of the Best Quality, at the Lowest Prices. Deliveries in the Country. FRUIT SHOP. Fresh Supplies of Flowers, Fruit and Vegetables Daily. Wreaths, Bouquets, ac., made up on short notice. All Orders receive Prompt Attention.

r, 1894. 1894.. ORDER AT ONCE. • UNSWORTIFS SUPERIOR TAILORING SPRING OVERCOATS, - SPRING SUITS. SPRING TROUSERS.- • :f TT.. JUV ENILE CLOTHING. NEW STOCK. SVITS: PRINCE SUITS. NORFOLK SUITS. TINS WORTH'S HATS AND OUTFITTING. NEWEST STYLES. HATS AND CAPS. TIES AND GLOVES. UNSWORTH'S, HIGH STREET.- EI7NCOIIN.

TEE T H . TEETH. TEETH TEETH. PARKINSON'S TEETH, we, at the lariat UNEXCELLED IN THR WORLD. The publf , TEETH. may rest assured that these statements ar. based on ABSOLUTE TRUTH, and perhap* _l_ TEETH . the best guarantee of this to intonding P atter, t, is that J. H. PARKINSON has one of th. Largest Dental Practices in England, the out i TEETH. come of employing the BEST LABOUR, using ~„ the BEST MATERIALS obtainable, and charg• 1 TraiTTl. lag the LOWEST PC 2SIBLE PRICE. i Any set made, or work done by him, and CHARGE. 'TEETH. not giving ABSOLUTE SATISFACTION in Every Detail will be immediately corrc!cted.r• , 1 TEETII. an ENTIRE NEW SET made FREE OF These conditions insure the public's satisfy! *- fEETH. tion and recommendation, exemplified by 21 sets haring been inserted for patients dueng TEETH. one year only, directly and indirectly throe gl- the voluntary persuasion and recommendatim. TEETH. of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. Any or all, these patients' names and addresses. for: ) e- rence, will be given to any would-be patient TEETH. personally applying for them. These, with thousands in the past, each recommending TEETH. their friends, speak volumes for Mr. Parkin son's success. TEETH. His unusually Large Dental Establishment adapted for the COMFORT of Patients, MUST NOT DETER ANY. ALL ere WELCOME TEETH. FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily from 9to and 2 to 6. TEETH. ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS EXTRACTION, .tc., as hitherto, by the aid of his own mad- TEETH. LIQUID NrIROUS OXIDE, of which he now liquefies for sale to dentists nearly 10,000 gal TEETH. lons weekly. Patients, ha7e, tnerefore, in thi, speciality also the benefit of his experience. TEETH. CLOSED ALL DAY ON FRIDAYS. - Z. H. PARKINSON, TEETH. Dentist by Examination, 46, MOSLEY-STREET. MANCHESTER, WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, at Miss Charles's. Ladies' Outfitter. Sankey-street, from 2 to 5 p.m. RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs. Hughes, (late Ml Parson's), Confectioner. Bridge-street, from 2 to 5. NORTHWICH, on FRIDAYS, at 18, Applemarket-street, from rir 11 to 12 a.m., and Ito b p.m Al

TEETII.—C. JORDAN AND SON, OLD ESTAB- LISHED SURGEON DENTISTS. 80, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. A COM FLU E SET, 15a. Single Tooth. 25.; Stopping with Enamel. 2s. ; ditto Gold, 59. Five years' warranty. Highly recommended by C. JORDAN, L.D.S., Royal College of Surgeons. Made in a few hours without exl)racting old teeth or stumps. Dr. NEVILLE says :--I can with every confidence recom- mend them. From the Rev. FATHER NITGENT To Messrs C. Jordan and Son. Dear Sirs,—Having had occasion to consn't you several times during the past few years. allow me to bear testimony to the highly professional, skilful, and humane treatment 1 have received from you as a dentist, and to assure you that you have always given me entire satisfaction.—l remain, dear Sirs, yours fsithful!y. J. P. NUGENT. From the Rev. JAMES KELLY, M.A. : Dear Sir,—l have much pleasure in testifying to your professional carefulness and skill as a dentist, of which I have had experience for now many years.—Believe me, yours faithfully, JAMES KELLY. M.A.. Incumbent of St. George's Church, Castle-street, Liverpool. Specimens may be seen. Consultations Free, 10 to 7. 80. BOLD-STREET (few doors above Slater-street) Liverpool.

STOTHERTS' HEADACHE & NEURALGIA POWDERS, A certain cure in 10 minutes. From all Chemists. Grocers and Co-operative Stores, or direct from the Proprietors. Post Free, 14 or 33 stamps. In Boxes Is. 10.. and 2s. 9d. ST9TITF;wr ANP SONS. WHoLRBALE CHMifstg, ATHERToN, NEAR MANCHESTER.

HEM.BRY & CO. have amongst their Stock Ka,. of LINOLEUM about a Dozen Good Desivns (and a fair quantity of each pattern) all of which were printed be- fore the Jubilee Year. To thcoe who understand the value of seasoning with regard to Linoleum it will be unnecessary to point out the mereased worth of the material, nor tl say than an opportunity of ob- taining Linoleum so well matured very rarely cccurs. B. HEMBRY 8.: CO., will submit PRICES and PATTERNS on application. B. HEMBRY & CO., 43. and 47. CROSS-STREET, ALBERT-SQUARE, MANCHESTER. Telephone No. 537.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE, LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT COMPANY, LIMITED. Head Office: 168. ISLINGTON. LIVERPOOL. LOANS from £5 to £l,OOO on personalor other security. £l5, Repayable 6s. Weekly, Entire Charge £1 2s. 3d. £5O, „ 20s• Pt £3 9s. Od. £lOO, „ 40s. „ £6 16s. Od. ALEX. GORDON. Manager.

u-N INSUFROAA' CD` EE D 171 oil' ICE' (FIRE.) SUM INSURED IN 1892.—£391,E00,000. For all partizulars apply to the following Agents : WARRINGTON 11r. J. R. Pickmerc 8: Son, Bridge-st. Mr. Edward W. Woods, Commercial Chambers, 55, Horsemarket-street. Mr. Lewis Voisey. King-street. Mr. R. Lowe, Market Gate Chambers.

THOMAS FRAIN, RENT and DEBT COLLECTOR, House, Estate, and General Commission Agent, 39, GLADSTONE STREET, WARRINGTON. RENTS AND ACCOUNTS regularly collected In town or country.—DEßTS PURCHASED. References and Terms on application. Communications promptly attended to.

rr J_ HOMAS f V)OWDELL. ESTATE AGENT, 1, MILL-ST., MARKET PLACE. WARRINGTON. Rents collected in Town or Country. Agent to Royal and Liverpool and London and Globe Insurance Companies.

W ARRINGTON CORPORATION CONCENTRATED MANURE. sixteenth Season. GENERAL AGENT :—MR. WM. HOUGHTON, PADDINGTON. NEAR WARRINGTON.

CORPORATION OF THE CITY OF MANCHESTER. CONCENTRATED MANURE Made from Slaughter-house and Market Refuse. Excrement from Pail Closets. BLOOD, BONES, FISH, &C., Delivered in bags, carriage paid, at £3 per Ton. Special price over 150 miles. SUPPLY STRICTLY LIMITED. ORDERS should be given early in the Season to prevent disappointment. FULL PARTICULARS FROM R. D. CALLISON, INDOOR SDPERINTENDENT, CLEANSING DEPARTMENT, TOWN HALL, MANCHESTER. • OR TO Aut. Eon Msom, w_fAmpOilp ROAD, ALTRINCIIAM.

IS MARRIAGE A IVAILURE ? What a question to ask, brit hott often could It be answered in the affirmative, the nrin,ipal chifse being the Improvidence of Furnishing on the Hire System', Sirlite our advertisements have appeared pointing out the diaadvautages. we ha,e re- ceived several let ere agreeing with ourcden'unclations of this pernicious sys'em. Each Hire Agreernerle specifies that after the deposit is paid, so many- weekly payments shall be made and that until the whole of the sum mentihrtect is paid the goods shall not become the property of the would-be pur- chaser. and that if any of the payments are neglected to the exact time specified the goods may be forcibly Laken nway and the whole of the payments forfeited. County Court Judges have denounced the sy,tem, inasmuch as the vender gets both money and goods. Again, the prices charged ad enormous, without any respect being paid to the quality, in many cases being worn Out before they are paid for. To corn-' at this system, and open the eyes of the public, Worsley's of ' •• The Pantheon," Gayt horn, Manchester, the Largest Retailers I of Second-hand Furniture in the worl4, have determined to I allow all respectable householders to have furniture at the ticketed marked cash price, a small percentage being charged for the conven ence of payment by the week, month, or quarter. On the fourth pegs of the " Examiner" we advertise a list of Bargains every week, any of which can be had and paid for by convenient intervals, the articles being delivered upon the first payment being made. Furniture from £5 to £1 003 may be arranged for in this way. To give an idea of the equity of our proposals we are prepared to supply for a working man a House of Furniture complete, thoroughly good and. substantial (every artict, warranted), price £2O cash down, not a penny less, or 10 per cent extra if credit is given, making £22. Full particulars sent on application. GREAT BARGAINS AT WORSLEY'S. ONE HUNDIII4D BEDROOM SUITES ON VIEW. The Marvel This is a solid American walnut Bedroom Suite, beautifully finished, has an excellent Wardrobe, with plate-glass centre door, Dressing-table, enclosed with large drawers, the top fitted wills large swing mirror and jewel drawers, Washstand, with Carrara marble slab and Minton tile back, with shaving glass, the bottom prettily enclosed with Cupboard and drawers, Chairs, and Towel Rail com- plete ;a very pretty suite. What price for this, £25 or £3O? No, only 9 guineas. Money returned if not satisfactory. Ten per cent extra if credit is given. W. H. WORSLEY, "The Pantheon," Gaythorn, Manchester.: See Advertisement on page 4.

SPECIAL BARGAINS HENRY MILES WILL OFFER 500 LADIE'S' SHIRTS, BEST ENGLISH PRINTS, WITH DRESSED COLLAR AND CUFFS IN THREE FASHIONABLE SHAPES, VIZ: LADIES' SHIRTS WITH CAPE. LADIES' sums, WITH FRILL. FROM SHOULDER TO WAIST. LADIES' SHIRTS, DOUBLE FRILL DOWN FRONT. NECK SIZES 13 TO 14 INCIIES. ALL AT 1/11.1 EACH. USUALLY 2/111 AND 3/11, HENRY MILES 25 AND 25A, CHURCH STREET, (Oppo4te Pro Cathedral) LIVERPOOL.

TII OS. CLARK, "EXAMINER' OFFICE, 33, MARKET-STREET, BARLESTOWN. A good selection of Reward Books, Albums, Ladies' Bags, and General Stationery, can always be had at the above address. Newspapers and Periodicals delivered in the Neighbourhood.

PASS ENG FR AND SHIPPING EXCHANGE.— —Paris and particulars of all Passenger Steamers and Stemship Lines sailing from Liverpool, London, Southamp- ton, etc., to be seen, and all Bookings and arrangements made at Bywater, Tanqueray, and Pha3 re, Limited, 23, Water-st., Liverpool.

WMSATILARSTEALMINERES. ROYAL HITE • LIVERPOOL t 3 NEW YORK via - • Queenstown. EVERY WEDNESDAY. *TEUTONIC Wed., May 16 I BRITANNIC...Wed., May 23 Cotton not carried on Passenger Steamers. Second Cabin wilt ne carried on toe voyage marked thus*. Steerage passage. including Outfit free of charge to New York. Boston, and Philadelphia, at low rates. The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class, uniform IN model and arrangements, and unsurpassed in the completeness of their appointments. Saloon and State Room amidships. Apply to ISMAY, IMRIE, and Co., 34, Leadenhall-street. London. 8.C., and 10. Water-street, Liverpool.

ISLE OF lIANo---ROYAL MAIL AND EXPRESS STEAMERS. Pao Nt LIVERPOOL. FROM DOUGLAS. MAY (Sundays excepted). 1 Daily, Ist to 10th...11-30 a,m. Pni.„L" 1 ti? 19th ••• ••••• 9 a •"7, WHIT.sUN [IDE S 1 rcITICE, Hill to 22m1, Daily...lo-30 a,m. and 2 p.m. Daily 9 a.m. and 4 p.nt. ' Whit-314,nday .• 1 i4.rn . whit-Monday l2 night Saturdays, from 12th 4 pin. 310,..(1a. s,from 14th 12-30 a.m. gPECIAL DAY' j7XCIttnONS. whit_goady I rhm, end 10-30 I Poturning at 4 p.m. a 12 a tit. night. Also every Week -datt Mai 11th to 22nd, from Liverpool at 10-30 a.m. Returning from Douglas at 4.p m. Sea passage 31 boors, Fares--Sal44on, 7s. ; Fore Cabin 4s. 6d. FLEETWOOD TO DOUGLAS DOUGLAS TO FLEETWOOD. Daily from Friday. M.ty llth Daily from Saturday, May to !:•8 ,d, at 2-15 p.m. 127 h t 22nd. at 830 a.m. FARES : Return (2 .nths) Salon 9s. 641.. Fore Cabin ss. 61. ; Week Ends. Frlday or Saturday to Monday on Tuesday. Saloon 8,4. ; Fore Cabin ss. Sailing and Excursion Bills on application to ISLE OF MAN STEAM PACKET CO., LTD.. Dougla*.

• THROUGH THE LAKE DISTRICT TO THE • ISLE OF MAN. INATIV.7t., THE BEST ROUTE TO DOUGLAS IS VIA BAIIIIOW. Shortest Sea Passage. Express Service Daily (Sundays exo.f.ted). Commencing MAY 12th BARROW to DOUGLAS—at 1-45 p.m. DOUGLAS to BARROW—at 8-30 n.m. Train in connection with steamer leaves Warrington yin Preston :A, 9.55 a.m. Special Cheap heturn Fares from Warrington : First-class and Saloon 235. 6d. Trains run Third-class auui Saloon lss. Od. alongside Third-cla.s and Fore Cabin us. Od. steamers. SPECIAL NOTICE.—CIRCULAR TOUR Tickets available for going via Barrow and returning via Liverpool or Fleet- wood,or vice versa. an now be obtained at following Fares : First-class and Saloon Third-class and Saloon 13s. 6d. Third-class and Fore Cabi Passengers must state at the time of Booking which Route they wish to travel by .m the outward and homeward jour- ney Passengers' Luggage is conveyed free of charge from and to the Steamers at Barr .w. The journey may be broken at Grange, Ulverstone (for the Lakes), Furness Abbey, or Bar- row. JAMES LITTLE & Co.. Barrow.

WII IT SUNDAY AND MONDAY.—SEA EX- nßsioNs to NORTH WALES by the new Saloon Sterner" SNOWDON," on SUNDAY next, the 13th inst., and every Sunday (weather end circumstances permitting), leaving the Prince's Stage Llvt rpool at 10-45 a.m. for Llan- dudno. Beaumaris, Bangor and Menai Bridge, arriving back ahont 8 a.m. Also on Mt )NDAY next (Bank Holiday) tin> 14th instfor Llandulno >aid Carnarvon. calling at Beaumaris and Menai Bridge going aunt returning, leaving the Stage at 9 a.m. prompt, and arriving back alsout 8-30 p.m. Six hours ashore at Llandudno Fares :—Llandudno—first class, single 3s. ; return 4s 6d. : second class single, 2s. 61. ; return 33. 6d, Beaumaris and Menai Bridge—first class, single 4s. ; return 6s. ; second singlo ; return 45.,6d. Stuaday season tickets, 30s. For further particulars apply to W. H. Dodd. 31, Towcr Buildings, Liverpool.

SCOTLAND. ORDINARY RETURN T ICKETS Issued during the period from the Ist May to 31st o,:tober, are available for two Calender Months, by OWL or BEAR, but are not transferable. If not used within the pre- scribed period they are cancelled. No allowance made for tickets lost, mislaid, or not used. ,01/4 STEAM COMMUNICATION BETWEEN LIVERPOOL AND GLASGOW. 4411119/ CALLING AT GREENOCK The firet-3lass full-powered Screw Steamers OWL and BEAR are intended to sail from CLARENCE DOCK (south-west side), Liverpool as under, carrying goods and Passengers at terms stated in Sailing IMP. !he Agents. MAY. from From Prir.t Eanalne, Clarence Dock. Stage prompt. BEAR TursnZ, 15th, 7 p.m. OWL WETNESDAY, iI, 8 p.m BEAR 19th, 10 a.m. l2-30p.m. ORMISA.RY FARES :—Cabin (including e Stewards Fee) single, vatin 12s. Cd. ; Return £1; Steerage. single,6s. ; elrnts in ea ' ' nild pay full fore. Children above two years, and er e twelv years of nge half these fares. Cheap Return Tickets (valid for 10'days) issued betwt,Cl3 Liverpool. Greenock, and Glasg, .w. Cabin, 15s. Steerage, Bs. AGENTS :—G. and J. Burns, 30, Jamaica-st.. Glasgow, and 10, Bernard at., Leith ; William Sinclair, Excise-buildings, Greenock ; C. 31ACIVE1I & CO. 64, and 65, Tower buildings. Water-st., Liverpool. Offices of the Bridgewater Navigation Company, Limited ,and Old Quay Company, 41 Queen-st., and Water-et.. Manches ter, or C. Maclver, & Co , Albert-square, Manchester.

----- EMIGRATION TO WORLD ALL PARTS OF THE : -T. JOHN -WALKER AND Co., EXAMINER " OFFIen. WARRINUTON. s, AGENTS FOR C UNARD LINE for NEW YORK ovPry SATUR- DAY, and for BOSTON every THURSDAY. W HITE STAR LINE for NEW YORK every WEDNESDAY. - A MERICAN LINE—SOUTHAMPTON to NEW YOliK, direct every SATURDAY. and LIVERPOOL to PHILADELPHIA, every \VEDNESDAY.

NEW ZEALAND, TASMANIA, and AUSTRALIAN LINES landing passengers en route at Teneriffe, Cape Town. anci at Hobart. &c.

MOXON'S NURSERY BOON (Unequalled for DESTROYING NITS, and PARASITES in tke HUMAN HAIR.) OF CBE MIS TS end the PROPRIETOR, J. L. M OXO N. 252, PARK-ROAD. LIVERPOOL. 6d. and is. per box. Post Free n, and Is. PleAbe mention this paper.

'THE SECRET OF HEALTH.'

Books by LIP:ID:JOY SOAP is a Carbolic Disinfectant Soap for use In the Pre- vention o: Sickness and the Preservation oi Health, and is guarant.ted Popol.ar Authors perfectly pure and free from any injurious chemicals. All purchasers cf this saap can exch.tnge the Wrap:,,,, at the Dealer's from whom Given with they buy the sr,ap. for 110DKS. A b4olc bou.,d in ex-11,33rd covers can be had foz Lifebuoy Soap. 8 LIFELUOY SOAP Wrappers.

LEVER BROTHERS, Lhnitcd, Port surdigh:, n.ar Birken!lead, :lave received the accompanyiog I.Zepo,t on LIFEBUOY ROYAL DISINFECTANT SOAP from Dr. Karl L.. c, Lheinisch, Hygienibches Listitut, Hamburg.. REPORT'. - '11191;',44,W7 -;! tivated germs or mi. The exatuinat ,Aon of .-7.7.ek' I 0.17 ~.:V k.:-e-•::4,. ty ""! . . • crebes (Bacillus), In :- • ; F-Alik, r 4 ~ .4 • - - the sample cf ' Liiebuoy ! • .. .:,.t.m• =,• c ' each case a ce r t.in Royal Disinfectant '‘. . - 421;a0 V.,,eg, , exact time being al- Soap' furnished to me . - - 4,4 lowe4 for the operation; by Messrs. Lever „., Lta- and thus the capr.city Brothers, Limited, of --44 lOYAIa t of this soap for destroy . Port Sunlight, Eng. !Ll' r 4/ —,,p r)-, , ---Af . ing the various live and land, gives the follow. . ...21)- -- .gross- gross lag germs was - Mg results as to Its action as a disinfectant. ""'"---”.z.;1-3.--S ~_ l''. 14,1, ~.„ -----\-----I,IISIiirEG:T-Afff L- --- tic IZESULTS Solutions of I , 2 and were as follows:- 5 per cent of Lifebuoy - .-':;:ys-! : ,P V* 4 7". •' • I.' o • - -,-- I„.rtt .• .:* r.cr. 'o* Royal Disinfectant • 4-I,r ' _ "<4lr ~.; ' a , i D 3.-Thr oheCnnt. '''t.. Soap in water were li. covie ''..;06..5t ' ' 4 .;- u : - --,,--,,,,..,_ .q :-.... .i.f. phold Microbes, wit.:; made. These so:utlons tr xe...e-'-- 6 .• . 4 • ' 104 were brought to bear on .-\,cokli Fr _-- ,t, A:4 An:lst:Pm & percent. solution, were 7W 1.71.4130111 JIW .. 1 _,,, . a variety of clean cut. L'l4l""\s* "P• ."'ilL, ----r...- LI.SittrECTAKI; dead Witil!tl 2 hours. 2.-The operation of this soap on the Cholera Microbes was very remarkable, and showed this soap to be in the hi4hese degree a clisinfo:tni:. Three were teken f-orn rersons whe hod died of Cliol,:rs _ — _ In Hamburg, and showed a result as follows:- - Witli-the 2 per cent. mixture, Cholera Microbes were dead within 15 raiz:a:es. With the 5 per cent. same were dead within s minutes. 3.-The Diphtheria Microbes were killed after a hours with the 5 per cent. solution. 4.-The 5 per cent. solution Was tria-on fresh Carbuncle germs, and the result sho*.ved that the Microbe life was entirely extinct after 4 hours.

AIRS. S. A. ALLEN'S WORLD'S HAIR RESTORER. It is not an experiment, but has been in use for over sixty years throughout the civilized world. RESTORES THE YOUTHFUL COLOUR. It renews life, strength, and beauty, and restores the natural colour to gray hair. •

rri G. PATERSON, JL • FLUSHING, HOLLAND. 2000 GUINEAS, MANCHESTER CUP. DERBY, &c. The TURF REGISTER, published twice daily, is forwarded pest free on receipt of address. Double and Tzeble Events on all Principal Races.

HARDAWAY AND TOPrING. (late BOULOGNE-SUR-ME R), Only Address, FLUSHING, HOLLAND, Postage 24d. Price list pub'islind twice daily, containing latest market movements, forwarded free on receipt of post- card containing address. NO REPRESENTATIVES AT RACE MEETINGS.

MANCHESTER CUP is at the mercy of one horse. Been specially kept for this race. Send at once your stamped addressed envelope. Mutual Terms.—Ad- dress, Mr. HIGGINS, PRIMROSE ROAD, LEEDS.

SPECULATION. Telephone No. 35,284. A. WICKS, 110, STRAND, LONDON. Business transacted on all races during the year. NO LIMIT. Full market prices on future events. Terms forwarded free on receipt of address. Registered. Telegraphic Address: Entertainment, London."

ESTABLISHED 1861. JAMES WEBSTER. MIDDELBURG, HOLLAND. (Late of Calais and Bculogne-Sur-Mer. France.) Bankers :—England—London and Westminster Bank, Lon- don. Scotland—Bank of Scotland, Glasgow. Ireland—Bank of Ireland, Dublin. The 2,000 Guineas. Manchester Cup. Derby, &c.—Double and Treble Events. Starting Prices on all }lace. No S. P. Limit on the Principal Races. Accumulative Commissions. " The Turf Chronicle." Free on receipt of address.

THE OLD RELIABLE FIRM. L. I\IOORE & Co. (Late of Exeter). SUTTON, SURREY. Established 19 Years. City and Suburban Derby. dtc. Double and Treble Events. S. P Corns :Daily. Moore's Turf Chronicle, Published Daily, Forwarded Post Fre,. No Representatives. Note Change of Address :—SUTTON. SURREY.

BLAIR'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS. BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. For RHEUMATISM, BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. . GOUT, LUMBAGO, and BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. ThSCIATICA. The acute pain quickly relievei BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. by these Pills. is Sure. Safe, and BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. Effectual. Price Is. Hd. and 2s. 9d. per Box.

GRATEFUL EPPS'S COMFORTING. BREAKFAST, SUPPER. C 0 Cr 0 A BOILING WATER OR MILK

FEATHER BEDS. PurilWl BED FEATHERS, 6d. per lb. BEDS wilh PILLOWS and BOLSTER in Strong Linen Ticks of 501 b Bd. per lb. Free on tail. Cash with Orden, Trade supplied. FEATHER BED COMPANY, DONINGTON, SPALDING. LINCOLNSHIRE.

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION. HOOPING COUGH The celebrated effectual HOOPING COUGH cure without internal medicine. HOOFING COUGH Of all Chemists price HOOPING COUGH Agents: :boVe.EDSwolAeßDSBVhZessoa,ile BRONCHITIS 157. Queen Victoria Street, London. CROUP ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

SMITH'S TASTELESS A DANDELION IBILIOUS PILLS. Is. 11d. and 2s. 9d. per box (by post for 15 or 33 stamps), are a proved substitute for calomel. Are suited for either sex, and may be taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach, head and kidneys ; free the skin of humours, purify the blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and safety, after excess in eating or drinking, and are the most valuable at change of life, or periodical obstruction. No Blue Pill or Mer- curials, hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S., 280, Ws:worth-road, London. PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CELEBRATED CORN BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, is. V,d., per box, by post for 15 stamps ; a known cure, however bad the case. SMITH'S INVALUABLE PILE POWDERS, AND PECTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZENGES SAME PRICES. Sold by all Patent Medicine Vendors.

Newton-lc-Willows Widnes, Appleton, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh, Preston Brook, Frodsham, Helsby, Daresbury, and Moore Grappenhall, Heatley Heath, Lymm, and Thelwall Newcliurch, Croft, Padgate, Stock- ton Heath, Stretton, Warburton, and Woolston For Town Delivery & Latchford Manchester, Macclesfield, Stock- port, Buxton. Yorkshire, North- umberland, Durham. & S.-East Lancashire London. Southern and S.-Western Counties. Central South Wales and Foreign Liverpool and Leigh Manchester, part of North Wales, and Ireland Preston, N. Lancashire, N.-West England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Prescot, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St. Helens, Widnes, Newton, and Runcorn Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, South Wales, S.-West ot Eng- land. Yorkshire, Durham, Nor- thumberland, & Town Delivery.. London, S.-Eastern, Midland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid- Cheshire, Central Wales, and Foreign Bolton Preston, North Lancashire, West Cumberland London, Midland, Southern, and S.-Eastern Counties Liverpool, Southport, Ormskirk, Bath, Bristol, Exeter, Gloucester, Plymouth, and Scotland Ckester, Wrexham, Llandudno, & Shrewsbury Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, & Sheffield Preston Brook. Sutton, Newton-le- Willows and Wigan Liverpool Frodsham, Frodsha rn Bridge, Helsby, Widnes, Penketh, and Moore Town Delivery. Stockton Heath, & Sankey Bridges Lvmm, Thelwall, k Heatley Manchester & St. Helens Orford and Hulme Liverpool and Chester G rap!;enhall Preston, N.-East Lancashire, West Cumberland, Wigan,Manchester, Peterborough, and East Lincoln- shire Town Delivery Preston. West Curl berland, Liver- pool, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, Isle of Man, & Glasgow Night Mail Despe,ch. All Parts... London. Midlands. S.-Eastern & South Counties, & Foreign

Ashton-in-Makerneld, Earlestown, Goihorne, Lowton. & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Orinskirk, Prqscot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire. North-West of Eng- land Mail, and North of Ireland. (Day Birmingham. Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield. Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford, Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales,Preston,St .Helens, Southport, and South Wales Ashton-in-Makerfield,Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester, Oldham, Stockport, and all Yorkshire. Wigan. All Parts—General Night Mail. SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail.

WEEK-DAYS. 10 15 a.m., 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m. 9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 5-33 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. and 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 13 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. *These are Telegraph o..7ces also 10 a.m., 2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m. 5, 10 a.m.. 12 noon, 2 & 7 p.m. 6-40 p.m. 8-15 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 7 p.n.. 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m. 7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

COO, ,i3Ottltni, $Vr. 117G(13 from ire bred Holub ns ; Aitd-rot's strain ; 3s. 4,.1. _lll rer sitting. Unfertire emiTtr, t)opy Hill, Slurp. PURE BMX) IndinnßunnerOrks GC; S, at 5e.. me doz., unfk fie replas ed. —H. M.-lifts, Stanton krarcourt, rynshan,'Uxon.

I)Ditl4 MINORCA, 3s, ed. *fling; bred from first p^ize I.lettners ; Hopkin's strain; unfertile replarted.— 6311. TH, Leag3.te, Tebay.

SPB C I ALITY—Buff I:eghorns (hum .30s . 1.55. sitting)---- Grand winter layers. 'infertile replaced. 3s. sitting.— Park House. Stony Stralford.

I7)IIRE EGGS Guadlii•kg). Plymo, th Reeks, Silver W•sn- ' dottes. Minerreas, rad Orpingtous. 25.6 a. doz. I. G. Pow NALL,Grek, tFankey.

BLACK MINORCA. EGGS. Hopkins and Hunters, indbed layers and pet;. stra:n. Only Es. 6d., packed.. Das. EMMETT, 304, Estrte-st.,Earlestown.

tIGGS.--GolderrWysndotte (Fornes.) also Brown UeL4l,;orn, plendid Witnt.,r laers,2s. 6d. ttcz. Unfertilt Veplace t. —LUND. Caltinr.7, Tiverton, Devon.

GRi 'GRTT 1 t GRIT I Cllcapest and twg,i. Sharp flint gilt; iSs. 3d. cwt. ; calcined oyst,r thellS, 6s. 3d. cwt. 3s. Si. ;the Perfect meld best in maricetteree testi- monials). Iss: ewt ; Es. t ewt Casltwith order. Ash carriage paid. Assorted samples 3d. INzraltry Grit =el 7!ittleal Co., Grimsby..

T H. 'ODELL, LONG BUCKBY, offers 447.,3 ss. doz. . Carriage paid. with cert.ficate. from n rnao3ificent pen of Cup-br d How Jana (all prize win, yrs) arttl guaranteed front Miti..ison. Marx. Ainsworth. and Mrs Hills•strains, these are a -splendid pen of Dark Birds w:tiserktud crests, ori a large grass run.

(16-E5 from the following Pens :—t,ingle end kose-combed 0,F,,,0n5, Gold and Silver Wyandotte:l.l4lli Brahraas 48 pertlitting 13 Itggs Dark Prahmas. Hon tuns. brown 7..cid white Leghorns. Ding.hanks, Plymouth li,:•-cks. blue Atmle- lusiane, Black iklinorcas. Golden Pencilled Hamburgs Old ErtgliBis Game Black lied, ts. 6d. pr 13 Fggs ;k4.2 Pen 'Black Minorcas. Bladk Hose-combe4 r.l3:tni ems; Awles; btr:y'SlAzck Eggs. 2s. 6d. All Unleitile Hg,gs replaced it IT- trarircd Carriage Paid. All the a,•ove barfe been mated with. birds' from some of tht, best yar,Js Ia Itngland to produce' grrod layers. Inspection invited. Ft*tahli,:hed 188 S. No business dot:e on Sundays.—Jnmr Pr3IOI•IPSON, Poultry traft, Crank. near St. He...rens. Yard oren on Holiday-s. •

• Mantel. 3J ANTED, "Sunlit " Snap Orretrons ; 2.9. 100 even.- 11 HALF.Y., 1-4. East Par Ulo, Harrogate.

()REIGN POSTAGE •'ITAMPK.—OId rollectimi 'Wanted ,• or old stAmped cavelopes.--g, thASLELLES, Msdhyrfil4fll,' •111,mtgomerphire.

NY Rubber Stamp name in Niek, 1 Silver Pen and 'Pencil .tt Case, 6d. Rubber Stamp AGIZITS WANTraI.-IKiliers' Tib-at., Manehe3t,er.

tiA,A TANT Old Gcold. Silver. Vewellery. Diarmentis.;'t est. price in city.—HlLL, pa-we/broker, Sr. Jamesto wheatre4 Cxford st., Manchester. ;'

t0..£2 a, week cin be eaiit, earned in aprzeltsce. Oit lit and partienlars, 1g.,V90-t free, afterwards-repaid.-1: IL. GARLAND, 4,5, Water-lane, ballsbury. IG HLY Respectable LADY, 21, WAN ,-Clerk's ulace‘ LI or Counter Basiness ,-enrcPlient refernictu,--LOUISN,, I,'ltaby-st.. Whalley Range, ilanchester. rUORF.IGN STAMPS. 50 elven gratis to All apPlying for .11: my cheap approval sheets,,enelose stamp•forriPostage.-7 'HOMPSON, 10, Rutland Tertace, bl oCktOR-01141-efe..

en- p hollsn For til:3crnempt,4le,:rit,ht,oitrcvt. WA NcuTniTr.aanceresT:ce: for rent.coal, gas,&c.— AppIy.J.II:W:P3TTER, Top Loel(s,liuncorn, 7 A Ng 010' w, aggooes.4 tot 1 die-li, LutteTE ELAS , ppnire‘. utlErf- rstvexexcl ay, new Pumping Station. anti. "'Sewerage 14,ini.its, ,Cr new ;Do. ell Works, Grimsby. r EFT OFF CLOTHES bought, best .priee tcr parcels for- L 4 warded. if not approved, goods returned.—jAMES Got- KIN, New and Seeone,,hand Clothes Dealer, 326,(Z218, and 346, Deansgate, Manchester. CANADI AN FA LIM openiscgs for pupils. with board, lodging and pay ExeeLteat prospects ;.no exorbitant premiums,—'Pasoit. ,rs from Mr..iiRNIFZIIownEU, Estate Agent, 46, High-st.... Sheffield. '- WANTED, immediately. Home \Writ rs, i.(cf.)pying> Particulars *rot vrk to eorry-ner•ce. 5... x stamps, which will be returoed.witivtirst salarv. S ampf.,l envelope, t..:MITIT, 9, Ot,go-tt crape, Larkball. nat,L.

\NT ANTED, SITUATIGN as Clerk or Works. -Testimoni-al-s tor large ,e-wer?lge works: sewir,xge farming, river 4ind sea embankments, cinnnaw, of (awl tnt romi carried out large works without aid -of Contra3tor. --W. S. ULAXFIELD. Formby, -near Liverpool.

kZECOND-HAND DRESS S U ITS. Military, 'rheatrival,l3aud 0 Uniforms for sale or hire.—JamEs GORMAN, New and- t3ec2nd4land Cl9ases Dealer, 326. 328, and 346, Dearisrate, Manchester. Aleo Gentlemen's misfit Suits perfectly new at a third cost price.

r pill: MISFIT DIMOT.-C-04.:Conperes1lill., Liverpooi. gives I best price for Gents' and ;Bova le!t off Clot Wag. In- coading Frock and Opeos <Coats. !Letters or parcel 3 .receive immediate att•-ritien. Prompt settlem,,nte, Persoual calls itiuttle any dist ince tree of cliarge.—L. DEAT proprietor.

U 747 ACANCIES in ihe.CIVI L 8 ERVICIL Rxsms. aunouneed V for 110 Boy Clerks. 50 Customs. 33 Te!egruollists 10 Sorters. For specimen qu(Aiori ps.,,,emnith solutions, ni»ts, .f.-ospeets, &e., send for ( tf,ARK .8 Civil Serviee.Annual 2s. ;post ire. CIVEL SERTIOE liff)(0: DEvor•2. Chancery lane. aLemdon.•

WOBACCONISTS and those commencing. should call or send for our Price List. Competition 44,11ed.—G01iar3r.8913, 'adise-3t.. Li vet 02,31. 13stablisbed 1850.

THE ORIGINAL AD COMMati-SENSE. CIENTIFIC DR ES3 I...AUTTIS4I ASSGOIATI ON. (Copyrigict for Europe and tlo_CAC.onies.) EsckEGILISHRa .YL •years at 272, REGENT-CIRCUS, 'LONDetlf,.,'W. CLASSES DAILY. 'I .1! • .AND /1-4LINEDI UGHT thoroughly, and orc-st-class -cestificates gracted ; • •to pupils when proferAerrt.! enabling them to obtain...good or start Bur-moss tor-them st lwea. 410501+2ER COURSES also TA/GOUT. Write for Pzos.,a). 2 DRESSMAKING ALL ITS BRANCH ES EXMOUTED most THOROUGHLY and EZPEDITIOUSLY, ,bY .41:1sd COMPETENT FIANTaS, for Town.or Country. TA ILOlt-MADIt DS IS A SPEOIALITE. i'!:;IITTING and FUPFING Cur HOME U6F. -,IIA*P4II or HOLLAND PATTERNS to noliwureznent. Writelor Pros. No. 3. ytt7lit•TV.SS HOUSES (town er country) SUE- JILIF IPLIM) with good Dr -eF4nticfiro ,who !have ;:earned system, Fee, 2s. 6d, iu advance. lkiAete Families can wt 011 times 'hay.e names •fif 441.-.,-or Dressmakers who have finished thacJurse. !Fseg 2s. 6d. in advance. Witte ifor Pros. 1. ii,..ORNIZ4 or TEACHERS REQUIRED in all, plaoc:kts here the Association Is not represettad. PROSPECTUSES: No. I, Peiblio.: !Dream:uniting. Cutting, an Fitting, ;Pot,teru,,lse For•eac.l.: or all of these. orfor any further inforrratioty! Pip ply+ tottlae MANAGING DIRIACTO'R, 272, !REGENT '! a.,Rcus, LONDON. W Hows 9-30, to 6-0 Saturdays :0,30 to 2-0. !

Af AULD! ONX,— Manufacturer's widow 'no family), tall, musical. and domesticated, possessmg considerstale orivsic fortune in her own right. desires early marriage wr.tiv an educated, retirted professional or .tindn- ss gentlemsu... Strittest secrecy expeetcd.—Ad -1-ss. Mrs. DuaRANT, 1., ,Davlorot„ Berkley Sqlrire, /..Gudon, W.

cipartintitts, Ittriitsl3o Rlotiscs,sa MkY.—SuperiorAt'AIKTMENTS l'itt.A•ig the sea. Terms moderate,. 'Oxford lfou..

QOUTHPLIPT.T-Cotnforthb!e tbARTMENTS. ctott., to L. nnd Y. Statioca —Wineherit-!.r Mouse, 5, liairasside-st., Southport,

DALMORAL HOUSE, SotVla Promenade. Rant" Isle of Ilm.veapecior APARTMENTS, moderate tcrms.—Mrs. KEtarany..

- - Wilgr„.7ngiEe-riltGhroert.H T3doroz, your Grangeo-overa-tSannci 63. fit. per day.

Int LACKPOOL.—NIrs. •ALLETSON, 28. Hornby-rod. nekr _LI Sea. and Central Station.—Apartments. public or private. terniely.

DLACKPOOL.—NPAUTNIENTS, home comforts. public or rite.—Mrs. CHAPMAN, 29, Cilarles-st., near Talbot- road stean ; piano. BLACKPOOL.-2Miss 36. Costp-st.. near Central pier, cit,an,'homely accommodation, good piano, easy terms.—Addressed. envelope.

Qol7lVPORT.—Comfottable APARTMENTS, central itt.sition.- 5 mins. either staion; terms on applicatiar.. Mrs. HANSON, 23, Eiding-st.' -- PRH TSHIRE.—Tummel Bridze. —Dalnos House, Per- nished, and 11. thing. for the summer months, ten Apattinents.—K. M'KEszttc.

VON MAENMAW Ii.—FURN ISHED (1,1-ached Villa, or 'Apiiftrrietits wet.kly or peimarkent ; charming situation near sea.—BETA, Elm Villa.

TDARMOUTII. Apartments ; splendid view; good cooking 44 and attendance. Moderate terns; st nap for re4l:i. M 2421V15.), Sea View Terrace.

T LANDUDNO (North Wales) and district, for Unfors'.sheci ant Furnished House 3 ; alsopropertiesfor GEoF. FELTON. Estate Agent.

W)C4XTON.—General or private; with or witiseett=board ; ground-floor bedioom : every eJmfort.—Mrs. 'POTTER, Hoek House. London-road. Buxton.

AZUPERIOtt APARTMENTS In Farmhouse, tweerdfultes 1.3 walk from sea.- Mrs. WALLER, Hawthorne Cottage, 'Cart-lane, Grange-over-Sands.

irEENISHED APARTMENTS TO LET. six roams. in the Ir centre of Lake D strict.—Address Mrs. TtIIPD, The tiquare, Broughton-in-Furness.

,i."IO'.II4`ORTABLE APARTMENTS ne.4.r the sea4,:x June '‘.l and July.—Apply, Airs. Larwood, 11, Gunton Terrace, 'Over Strand, near Cromer, Noriolk. MORQUAY.—Furnished APARTMENTS, %rids or without board ; over,o,king the seat; Yc.rksbire leferences ; moderate terms.—?B, Victoria Parade. LANDUDNO.--Furnistied and unfurnished 'Houses and Ii Apartments TO BE LET. for season ina& ,4tLerwise.— Apply A. J. OLPMAN. house agent. Sce.•

Qll7 FIN G ROOM and one or tv, o bedrooms.; ornintry house; g fishing. charming scenery. &c..—Krs. G REAVES, Ceinws. R 5.0., Montgomeryshire.

L'ASTBOURNE—Superior Furnished APARTMENTS TO Xi LET. Board it desired. South aspect and,olose to sea. Clapham House. Winzisor lerrace, Eat4tbourue.

T)LACKPOOL.-3. Stanley Villas, North Skov% APART- -LP MENTS, private anctpublie ; with or wt sot Board ; bath with sea water ; sea view ; terms moderate. ------- ITIENMAENMAWR—FURNISHBD HOUSB, er APART- MENTS. grand view of Mountain and -see. Terms moderate.— OWFN, Windsor Howe, Park Creseent.

I ARE DISTRICT— Thswater, Patterdale,-ciose to the lake, IJ board and lodgings, Pleasure }oats 'kept. Bathroom hot and cold water.—Apply to Ails. Baowx.,Grisiale Bridge /louse.

HOUbl; Furnished, TO 81,3 LET, at once,;•••cinse to sea beach, commanding a lime sea view ;(11)aithy resort ; terms moderate.—W. THOMAS, Pen Rosedd,lii.ooleigr. Ty Ceroes, R.S.O.

- "iOLWYN nbar wood. station. and kJ beaches ; b.throom. good co,king, Paid tendance.— Miss (late ot Bitmitigham) 6egontictn, Llewelyn- road, Colwyn Bay.

DORT ERIN, Furnished, " The Hermitage," ;%Villa, stand- ing in own ground., facing Bradda and sCalf. full view of Bay, Fishing. Boating, Bathing, Piano, 4...n.rns very moderate —Mrs. TAYLOR.

PANTYMWYN, near Mold. Fit,nished 'villa, five bed- rooms. lovely district, bracing air. Rent-225 yearly ; 20s. weekly. Also furnished cottaae, 3.05. weekly.—Apply JAmEs MAKissoN. Willow Wink. Ormskirk.

11Altl(OGATE.—The CAIRN HY itIiiIPATILIC 166TAB- LISIIMENT iA in th,-. hest podtion in Harrogate. In close proximity to the Golf Links.—Write for a copy of the " Cairn Times" containing tariff and all particulars.

VOETH WALEi.—A Farmhoutte TO BR LET, furnished, 11 situated between kihyl and Pensarn,tve minutes' walk to sh re, also to station. containing Ere bedrooms, sitting room, dining room, kitchen, &c.—Apply. AIM hos EBTS. Bodhafod, A.i,er2ele

ViLACKPOOL—Visitors to Bla., pool willtflnd comfortalYe APAItiML,NTS, with or uitil ..ut ,b6arci •at Mrs. .1.30-E:es. 14. Crystal-road. Seu,h Shore. fiye•arinutes walk front South Shore raiiway stati,n. Public 'And vrivate apartments. Close to sea. Plano.

APAETMENTS.—F. A. Powell's Seaside Agency. -- Addresses 4f reliable Apartments and Furnished Rouses in all Seaside Resorts supplied free. including Abery- stwyth. Barmouth. tied:pool Coiwyn Bay. Ciiite:fth, Llan- dudno, Llanfairtechan. Penmaemoawr, Pwllhell, Rhyl, Scarborough. Southport. Towyn, Whitby, North. of Ireland. All A,partments visited before recommending. Sew': stamped liddmssed en velope.—PoweLL.Cherry-et., Birming'.lam.

2200000 At from 4 per cent. 4(trust,cnd other money) to bo Advacivect •or.rtgage or Deposit of Deeds, in sums to suit borrowers. in .any; part of the evantrv.—J. W. READER. 5, Cook-sweet, 3.:...-erpool. Tel./iv:Z.lB2. • ,

ATONINY to LEND in sums from 110 to £5OO. IL-payments can be arranged to suit 4.ornnlvers. Pro .pect,u3 sent free on application to Mr. h. C. 53.4w...-pw, 41, Duke-street, Southport, Sto...k-in-Trade Dealer.

A. XANCHESTER GENTLEM AN having a large amount of Uninvested CA.VITALM; his command is prepared to ADVAEIZI)Ii same to responsitle Persons in Semi of £lO to £lOOO, On the f orrower's simple written promfse to „repay Without sureties, Delay, Law Costs or Publicity. Also on De-..,d5, Life Policies, Ac., at 5 per cent iiKerest. The amount Borrowed can ue repaid by easy fustalmentii: or capital ces. remain so Jon! as the interebt tspaicl, aif this office is,a bona-fide private concern and not .counected with any TAU: Office. It is requesi that habitual borrowers will nepply. For full particulars apply peisonally or by ktt4er •,to J. ‘CAMPBELL, ESQ., rAN HESTER CHA.MBERS, 46a. MARKBT-Titl,;ET. MAIWIIESTEZ.

APtPLY AND BE CoNVINOED. . . ATR. PRICE 7 Cheettiaro Rill Road, ManeUestor, al ig prepared to ADVANCE LOANS from £5 ant up: awards to respeets4o.Householders, Tradesmen, Farmers and a:.liers, without Boixismen or Sureties. at the following,geale . _ti.e2 interest £5 LOAN TG, .BE REPAID £.lO •• •• 215 99 £2O ~ ~ £3O •• f • .1.4.1 GE SUMS in auw-no proportion. ALL ADVANCES are PAID 111 WU LL, Distance no object. .712ney advanced at B,ro'ver's Own House, thus savbng thguyi the trou:le and 4.,Zievase of a journey. Farmers cAsa 11.4e.Cash on Terms that. 44:: other office can possibly offer. Lettela immediately attende4 to. :',l

I - WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. :Asa. JOHN E. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCIit' ANL 41tIVATELY to Traclearum, Farmers, Working•rneri. and al!,,zesoeot able Ilcuseluddevir..„,on their own security. h 19.24131 TO INCREASE YOUR ,STOCK. • MONEY TO FUR:NISI! -.XOIIE HOUSE. MONEY TG iPAY RENT Olt DEBTS. Y.,,Yfithout public enquiry, atityhooutton ri4„.Dl,,xii..odi lm eiwernit,tewni oiv, back • t TGRIA CfJ.i,MBERS ft of the Cook.al Station), W MFRS, anti in WhilltlNGTeN at my Ros-ictisr.e.e, 134, Orfiird-lanc, any IvenirKrom 6t 7. Applications:4mm RUNCORN an,' District genea.lly receive precisely the attention.

NO 1,1117*3 UNLESS CASH IS AGVAN9ED. TRICTLY .P.RM nt ATE ADVANCES fro fr2lo upwards (in S 1101tROWSILS' OWN PROMISSOIMU *TOTE ZWITHOUT SURETIES. Upwards of e 70,000 now being lent antX.Y• AP.or prospectus and terins, apply ,to Gt)ORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT. 23, KIINNEDy STRET, IWANCIIESTF.R. ESTABLigIIED 1870.

GEORG' t JACKSON. 1 PAWNISILOKEZ, j'E WELLE:R, AND SILVERSMITH, 59, AND 61, t HVICCFI-ST.. WARRINGTON. , 1 Dealer in WATOHTS. JEWELLERY. Marble and other \'CLOCKS. FURNITUtE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS. GUNS, and MUSICAL IN- STRUMENTS of et-dry Deacription. Current Market,Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RASES'OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOCDS 'FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

GRAND 'BARGAIN. Forfeited, &mai ternew. Magnificent Eng- Payments taken. lish gold 'frame MIRROR, 55 by 48 best bevelled plate glass. Frame handsomeiy. ornamented, fine scroll work ntop, quite perfect. Cost five t/1:1 19.. D. pounds:ten. Sacrifice for I\TOT ,teen worn three months. First-class English finished Payments taken. SI L It WATCH, three-quarter plate, old movement, jewelled with rublet,,by those well-known makers " Kendal and Dent" of London, for- feited with Government stamped solid-Silver Curb ALBERT, the pair cost three pounds ten. Five years guarantee, stamped. The hair Onl

RANDS° VIE pair of Embossed TOILET TA BLES or DRAW- Payments taken. BUS. Splendidly seasoned timber. three and four lock-up drawers respec- tively in each Table, beautifully oak S. 6D. grained. Perfect. CIAPITAL single barrelled muzzle kJ loading Pigeon GUN, best Payments taken. Damascus L wist barrels. Cost three guineas. Wants new nipple, other- 12 6 wise gun is perfeA. Only S. D.

HIGHLY-FINIS HIM eight ofines Silver English Lever WATCH Payments taken. with Fusee and Chain. Capped and fully jewelled, handsome gold and silver dial, beautifully engraved ease. New two years ago. Wsrranted for seven yeArs, or if not satisfactory will 14 1):: exchanged. Sacrifice for S. D.

UREEHOLD BUILDING LAND at Stockton Heath to be sold.—Apply Joie( PEMBERTON. Stafford-rd., Wilder- spool.

F)LAUD'S IRON PILLS (P.P.) enrich blood. beautify J, complexion; gross, post free, Is.—lxmAx And Co., Edinburgh.

MI LmKi 13,ur.olutinesdii FOApßpSiyAjfllilralBrifirliwnsi,tocerseirlioilitteelp(;l-ernodadid. Liverpool.

INEXPRNSIVE genuine Rope to preserve egge for 12 months, ow. r .5.000 put down this month ; valuable to pastry cooks. Post free, 7d.--Mrs. LINCOLN, Prizet Cottage, Kendal.

M A l'Sm' rFe C 's. 1` J Velvets. E t potitbdtl,, bundles !se, cheap price list free.—W. CianKso's, merchant, 41, Swain-street, Bradford.

IvONDERFUL HAIR RESTORER for grey and red hall-, acre in a week ; pvce 2s. 6d. (free by post, s,.cret!y packed 3s )—FitTD. Lewis and Co., LTD., 0. Fleet-street, Dublin. Nerne this paper..

-TORN LOWE, Fire and Thief-proot SAFE MAKER, has ON V SALE Milner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others ; new and second-hand ; very cheap; 100 to choose from. —3B. Albert-street, King-street West. Manchester.

AFEW UONS of JEANIE DEANS left foe SALE, in one or two ton lots. Put on r,it at Rotherham Station. at 60s. per ton. purchasers finding their own bags. Cash with order.—Apply, G s OM:it; LF.ADAAM. Broom-road, Rotherham.

-- DILLA RD TABLE, three-quarter size, Massive Mahogany frame. Bslts, Cues, first-rate Condition, £l2 12s.— Safety BICYCLE, new, £5 10s. Eivlit L-,ng-cased CLOCKS. cheat), to dear the lot. FITRIOSS, 31, Bethel-st,. Brighouse.

100 000 Sf2LD. Lancaster's celebrated Photograp- hic Cameras, tc., for Amateurs or Prolessioaals. Manch.-ster Agetrey is at 71. Oxford-street, (All Si.ints). New list now ready. Cameras bought or exchanged.

BILLIARDS ! BAGATELLE !—The cheapest house for Milani and Bagatelle Tables and Requisites is tir:NNING BRO., LTD.. 29, High-st., London, W.C. Send for new Price List, cloth and cushion sarriVes, post free. Established 1562.

EDP,ON PITONOGBAPIL—CompIete outfits or machines only. liec,lrds, blanks, and all supplies. Amateur makers or exhibitors rhouldzipply for all tbeirwants. Mac- hines repnired.—A. Lossex, Phonograph Office, 23, Caunce- st., Blackpool.

INDIGESTION cured cheaply and 'certainly from the recipe of an eminent phyelcian. No mineral or veget- able poison, but nature's own remedy. Particul,rs and fort- night s supply for 14 stamps.--j. ROSE, 31, Widrnore-road, Bromley, Kent.

QTAMMERING .-2411 t. MASON. "The Stammerer's Friend." c•ntinues the effectual CURE by Manual of Instruction and Correspondence. Visits. or Residence. Treatise and 2 000 eases lent tree.—Crunberland Villa, 50. Bouverie-road. London, N.

PROTECT YOUR GARDENS from ravages of birds. Tanned Netting. 35 square yards for la. Will not rot if left ont in all weather. Sent any width; carriage paid on all orders over ss. As supplied to the Royal Gardens.--6r. JOHN GASSON. Fish Merchant, Rye.

F a way to make One Pcrond go as far as ' Three. The 12 most wonderful Stock of aentlery en's and Boys' Cloth- ing in Liverpool Gene,. Dress Stilts .on hire, 3s. to 50.. per dsy.— ELWOOD, 164, London-road, Liverpool.

ECZIsMA.—•• Dr. Wilson's Eczema Cure" immediately relieves irritation and pain eigl speedily cures the most obstinate Skin Diseases, *hen her melns fiignally fail. Jars la 1. ; treble size. 2s. 9d. At most chemists, or post free, direct from 20. Fordham-st., Liverpool.

SKIN and S'ORBUTIC TIISBASES Ruch as F.CZEMA. SCURF. SYCOSIS (Parberse Itch), PIMPLES and other truntions cored by " RNGLAND'S OINTMBNT."-- Has cured cAses of long standing after medical Fr en have failed Per Box Is. 41d. By Post 18.6td. From R. EN4iLAND, Liscard. Liverpool. ~

• HEARTINE CURES HEART DISH VS% and all Diseases of the Nervous system. One bottle pr.wes it. Weak Heart and Palpitation sufferers try this; three bottles will effect a thorough cure. Of all chemists, or carriage free. 2s. 9,1. eaeh. of C. Wooncom 190, High-street, Lincoln, or at LEwis's, Markel-street. Manchester.

HEIGHT INCREASED.—Three ineheo without fear of detection by PINErS Elevato,s (Patented). Can be worn in any soot or Shoe. Awarded Gold Medal. Paris. C6utiom—only obtainable,.NlAtsobr PIXEL'. 56, 33erner's-st.. Oxford-st., 10,,d0n, W. Pamphlet and Testimonials one stamp. _Note 50.000 people increased their height last year by Pinet's Elevators.--W hen writing mention this paper.

TO FRUIT GROWERS. MERCHANTS and OTHERS. IL PATENT CHIP PUNNETS for STRAWBERrtI ES, ,EASPBERRIES and other ckoice Fruits, either square or roand ton, with or without Paent Voiding Handley. Also ItIiGISTERFH SQUARI.I CHIP PUNNETS in six sizes, with or without Patent Folding Handles.—Free on rails. in Locdon. Circulars of pr ces. ac., to be had of the Patentee, GEORGE LEEDHAM, ,1 Broom-road Rothiirharn. , (;)4 IBSON'S FAMOUS IIIMBBOCATION." Analyst's k‘ST report :—" As a Specific in rases of Cuts, Rheuma- tism, ,Lombaeo, Sprains, .Bruises, Uieers, Scalds, Burns, Sores, and Skin Diseases generally, I consider it to he of the bighesC value, and as such it should be ready at hen.' in every Inalsehold. GRANVILLE H. SHARPE, Analyst (late Princ4.l ix the Liverpool? College of Chemistry)." Bottles le. lid.o2s. 94., and 4.. 6,1. post free. Makers—Gl•son, Sons, and Co.. Southport and Liverpool.

• Sinn of DINING-ROUX FCRNITURR ; Side- Xit../ V ~board, Dining Table. Sefton Saddlebag S.iite, nine pieces, Ovarroant!is to match. The Suite 212 10s.— SMITE'S, 55;and 66, Kirkdale-road, Liverpool. IDEDROOKSIJITE, with 61t. Robe, in solid Walnut. Cost zew:Aeli,; my price £22 Cab tare paid.

QIINRE VVI44NUT 6ft. fin. lIII,DROOM SUITE; an elaborato .-first quality ; nearly new. Cost 50 guineas ; lira 7 r rice ;e26. Deliverea.—SsciTH's Cab fare paw.

COMPLETE HOUSE of FURNITURE for £26 10s. Cost , 4, three times tfal_a amount. D -livered and poliehtd free. —SX(III.S E.rkdatees.cad, Liverpool. - AWARDED F.LP.BT PRIZE MHDAL, Adelaioe 111.. Jubilee Exhibitiactn, 1887, and Sydney Centenary Exhibli4ori, 1888. —lO PICTURE FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS. -- Cheapest House in London for Ente.cts and Foreign ,Fieure Frame and Room Mouldings —ail OA) ‘ewest Aesign.s. 111-.vo million feet always in Stuck. Veneered an.,-.1 fant-y wooe Ara-gilding', etc. Picture frames of every dew:ll:don, oteograpia,Ce. Further reduction in prices. wholesale•Cac-wer and Gilder. Every requisite for the trade and exportation. Special attention to country and shipping orders. Full it.artienlars in pattern book and catalogue (85 pages 4-to &my revised for 1891) for 3d, stamps.—H. MoRELL, 17 and 18.. Great St. tndrew-st., Bloomsbury, London. Telegrapide address "Rabbitry." London. Stock lista and prices of glass monthly. free.

qv SKI PM AKERS AND OTAIENS.-ON SALE, 100 1. Tons CANE, WILLOWS, HAZIILS. &c.--G. M. JONBS, 11. Vittoria. Bridge, Manchester. TO kfiliiiiTlVßE REMOVERS, GARDENERS, AND . OTHEES,—MATS, MATS, from 3s. Cd. per dozen. G. M. JONRS.II, Victoria Bridge, Manchester. UHOLES. H) OD 11U11DLBS.—O, M. JONES, 11, Victoria Bridge. opposite tbe Old Church, late 40. ' teansgate. EAST, YEAST. YE AST.—Wholesale Oepeit ; all Brandi; .$l.. established 184 S.—G. M. JONE 11, Victoria Bridge, Manche4er.

FOR SPECIAL BARGAINS IN SECOND-HAND F`URNITURE, CALL AT CHARLES GIBSON THE WELL-KNOWN BONA-FIDE ADVERTISER, PAWNBROKER. JEWELLER SILVERSMITH, AND GENERAL HOUSE FURNISHER, 31. BRUNSWICK-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. HIGH-CLASS GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES, DIAMOND AND OTHER JEWELLERY, PIANOS, by all the Leading Makers. Numerous Testimonials showingthe Good Value we Give.

PARLOUR SUITE FROM GRASSENDALE TO ORDER, for £22. Rio 12s. 64. (Out of Pledge) —Magnificent, PARLOUR V SUITE, beautifully upholstered (not soiled), in solid Walnut frames; the Suite complete, comprising conch, lady's and gent's easies and set of small chairs ; only £6 12s. 64. A tempting sacrifice. Cash or easy payments. 31. Brunswick- road.

OAK CHIME CLOCK (FROM THOS. RUSSELL & SON), VALUED AT 41 GUINEAS. 2 7/6 (Extra tzpedal).—Very handeomesolid Oak Chime CLOPIC (8 days). strikes the hours and chimes the half-hours on very powerful cathedral gong, keeping dead gun time, measuring 12 inches in breadth and 16 inches high, gold dial. crptal g ass. &c. Warranted for 30 years' satisfac lion; only - 275. 6d. Payments taken. 31. Briinswiek-road. COTTAGE PIANOFORTE (LATE OWNER PAID 4-5. G UINEAS), 28 15s, CA Sacrifice).—Magnificent high-ciass COTTAGE PIANOFORTE, by leading maker ; hancNoine case, ivory keys, check action, and all the newest improverneNts ; only just out of pledge, taned, repoliated, and delivered free. Rare opportunity. for £8 15s. A chance never before offered. A stamped warranty for 25 years. See our new payment system. 31. Bronswick-roarl

SPLENDID FHA 1 HER BED. BOLSTER, AND TWO PILLOWS. from Fgremont. Cost 10p. 49/6 (A Forfeit)—Superior FEATHER BED, BOLSTER, and TWO PILLOW ;in pure Linen Ticks with sides, guaranteed gOod clean feathers weighs almost 70Ibs. ; as perfect as new. Gibson's price 495. 6d. Call and see it at 31 Brunswick-road, LADY'S GOLD LEVER WATCH. Cost last year £3 Bs. 18s. 6d. (Specially Forfeited)—Lady's English-finishel Gold Lever WATCH, beautifully full-jewelled 1-plate gold movement, with chronometer balance, 15 ruby jewels, handsomely hand-painted enamel- led disi. gold hands, and all improvements. Guaranteed for 30 years. A written warranty given. Cost new £8 Bs. ;my price 583. 6.1. Payments taken. 31, 13runswick-road.

MAHOGANY I)UCHEz.SI4 TABLES, TO °MYER FOR 212 l Os. t4Ts. 64. (Taken in Exchange).--Superfor pair of solid Mahogany Duchesse TABLES, very large size, dressing table fit ted-with jewel drawers and extra large size beautifully bevelled plate glass swinging mirror. washstand with solid marble slab. The pair cost orizinally £l2 10s. Gibson's price £4 7s. 6d. Cash or ea,y payments. 31, Bruns- wick-road.

00 /0 - (Well worth £5 1080—Magnificent Mahogany 001 I) CHEST of DRAWERS. Taken in exchan7e. worse than new. :Gibson's price 336. 6d. Cash or easy pay- ments. 31, Brunswick-road.

_ TEUPCING OFFER TO A Wo 94/6-(Out of pledge)—Gent's high-Vass Cent/e Seconds Chronograith STOP WAT(3.-f, splendidly extra jewelled :1-plate gold movement. gold balance, timed and rated to the 330th part of a minute. with centre seconds, outside stop, alia all improvements in stout heavy cases. A written guarantee for 30 y .ers, together with very massive solid curb nlbett, the lot 245. 6t.—cost orii2inal owner 51- .g„ineas. Bagy payment-A taken. 31. Brunswick-ratd. - -

WALNUT COMO 14 PIA NOPOIiTE (Harrison, Ifiverpool) COST NEW 48 OITINEA.S. Cl 2 18csot f6aDa ( S ecpoln2lNl= it—TSEp I enf(rioi dm Utph rii h tti rWt. _act inan ts, maker, magnificent rich, powerful tone, full compass, check action, ivory keys, and all this noted maker's own improve- ments. Tuned, repolislied, and delivered free for £l2 18s 6d Guaranteod for 30 years satisfaction. Payments of 2s 6d weekly-taken.

RUSSELL'S WORKINGMAN S 6i GUINEA HUNTER. 4 n /0 Mare Bargain).—Just forteited, one of this well- -01 1.) known maker's :Enver Lever Hunting WATCHES. -Spl-ndidlv fun -jewelled, quarter-, plate gold movement, chronometer balance. Sec.. in extra heavy solid e liver hunting cases. Guaranteed for 30 years' satisfaction, together Rus- sell's own certificate. New last sear and cost q Gibson's price only 49/6. CAsh or easy payments. 31, Brunswick-road.

34/6-(A forteit.)—Tery l B arge size RUSSELS CAR- PET (by Purdey), rich design, scarcely soiled. Cost new 3., guineas. Our pr ce only 34s 6d. 31, Bruns wick - road.

lA in— Lady's Solid Go!d ENGAGEMENT TUNG' set Cfwitil four real Brazilian diamonds and three very beautiful rtibirS. Guarantped genuine. Cost 455.

FROM A GENTIMMAN's t1011;sE IN SHAW-ST., CO&-- 'TENTS OF DRAWING-ROOM—Cost New 45 Guineas. 16 0i,NTri,.0,7;3_,,A, Genuine b eFaolciut k— Hui gplit,-ocll:tsesr upholstered R .wt h- figured plush velvet, in solid walnut frames, "comps-Ping couch, lady's and gent's easies, and full set of small chairs, (r ally as good as new) ; also magnificent solid walnut over- mantel, fit ed .with numerous bevilled plates, shelves, and brackets ; large-size solid walr.ot 100 table, beautifully inlaid; full-size Brussels carpet, rich deshm, only in use a week ; massive solid brass-rail fender and fireirons. This grand lot is not a bit worse than new. and those starting life should not let it slip by, Gibson's price only 16 guineas, cash or payments. CONTENTS OF BEDROOM. -Cost New £55. 210 183' sd.—(Almost new).--High-class BEDROOM :WITH, comprising wardrobe, fitted with mas- sive plat?,-gl is door, hanging compartment &c. : Dressing Table with large-size plate-glass swinging mirror and jewel drawers. pretty design washstand, pedestal, towel rail, and two-chairs cnnp.ete. Also full sized bedstead (nearly new), wiihsplendid full-size bed, bolster, two pillows, and pair of palliasses (not.soiled). together with large-size carpet aud strong fender. The lot only £lO D3s. 6d. Payments.

WOND,,ERFUL VALUE FOR A WORKINGMAN. 98/61: Veor rfwoi tA)s —c rsteeiluii stlf iny Eng riisilsiilecellPmatoevnet- rnent. chronometer bliance, jewel:ed throughout, capital timekeeper, nubrealsnqe crystal glass, in stout heavN eases, A written guimrttee for twenty years ; together with heavy solid Silver Curb ALBERT. stamped by Government on every link. The lot, honestly worth 10s. Gibsort's price, only 2s. 6d, Cash nivments. 3l Brunswielr-road.

_ . 1./ ,;) c'E-rntitztlNGS tiscteu);l7l a n ed wdisxitewpoa irr eoatl Solinr s rti. v‘Gaotledr diamonds (without flaw or blemish) ; gu manteed, Original owner p.lid 31 guineas. Gibson's price lis. 9d. ; cash or pay- ments.

2A 10 (cosnewi-w 4 guineas).--L—Hn adsome dinner CRUEt -1/ .1 by Lawson., guaranteed solid silver plate, and fit- ted with six-very handsome cut-glass bottles, never been used. A decideatArgain at 241. at.- Cash or payments. 31, Brunswick-road. COST £4). BY J. R. HARGREAVES & CO., NORTON ST RE r:T. CE RTIF ICATE TO SHOW. 11125.6 d —i'Extra Special.—Gent's magnificent 18-carat J,dl4-11- Cold Keyless Centre Seconds English Chronograph Stop WATCHVjewelled in every action with rubies. extra tine yhronometer adjustments, brequet spring, timed in positions for all climates, guaranteed not to vary a minute a month A pledee any time for £l2, New last year for £4O. Maker's certificate and -our stamped warranty for 35 years. Gibson's price £l4-12s. 6d. - Cash or easy payments.

DRES4 SUITS, 2' condition. Few special s.. excellent, Misfits, from 30s. ; (oat, 10s. and 12s. Snits on hire. from 3s. per 41y. Gentlemen's Misfits and Second-hand Ciothing of every description always in stock.—ELWOOD 164, London-road, Liver,,ool.

W.A.LIZE SPECIVIC FO ft PI LES.—A Certain safe and speedy rem,-dy. Be, ,el,ial to the g neral health. Cures constipation. Invaluable to ladies. in boxes. Is. 11d.. aid 2s. 91., of m-st chemists ; by post Is. 3d. and 2s. 11d.— WALKER. 15. Charlotte-st., Landport.

T AD! isS For 4s. 11d. or 58. lid., full DRESS length 6yds. 1.1 doubi . width navy bate Serge. t arriage paid. Velveteens 24 inches black o, coloured is. 3d.. is. lid.. 25., 2s. 4d. per yard, any length cot. I.4atisfaction guaranteed. —CIIARTERIR and Co., 30, Cannon-street, Manchester. ------- - 12ARLESTOWN, LANCASIffIiE.—FOR SALE by private I 4 treaty, through death. TOOI.B, and IRONMONGERY BUSINVSS, established nearly 30 years. Agency for Incan- descent Gas Lamp Cbmpany, gQing concern. Stock and Fix- lures £250. Roomy and corm:n,mtlious premises. Rent 1;30, Mrs. NEE3II,OI, 31 and 33 Queen-st„ Earlestown.

A CLEAR COMPLEX ON.—Blotehes, Pimples. Rough- ness. and all nri•Agh'lv Erupti ns eni be removed by a few applcations of VENUS OINTMENT. Renders the skin clear,.sott, and healthful ; it is pure, siinple, hirmless, but perfectly effective. No lady should be vrithout it. One box post free 12 6t, trups.—CkYE AND Co., 151, Dale-st., Liverpool.

_ t.iuratwn. FURNESS COLLEGE, • MORECA MBE, Hich-elass _ School for Bove.— Prilleipal :J. WALTER NUTTALL, International B.SC.—Next t?rm commences Uay 8. - - F ADI ES' SCHOOL,MELCH ET HOUSE, LYTH AM. —lnclusive terms, Bpecial for el,rgv, refereimea areas. vacancy for artiele,l pupil.—Prineipals, the .NllBBeB HALKET (Miss. S. Halket.L.L.A..)

I- OME SCHOOL •for YOUNG LADIMS Evory _B. comfort, canlftil rtininz, first-rate pr;)fr,lsor*s. accooil plishmento, all exammations, good h01n.0,, }milt-by suburb, tannis.&e.—Misses LAMB Grove Park. Lee. S. H.

Np. FRANK W. REY L NODS, 8.A., TEACIi OF THE PINNOFoitTE.' VIOL ORIA LODGE. BUXTON, Pirticatrs as to terms, &e., may be obtained from Air. 11. P. Pearson', Bol,i-Areet Warrington, or trom VictoriA Lodge.

suiCtOopt..stithsgEE, WELLINGION, RE-OPENED IN JANUARY FOR BOARDERS. The-most comnlete Private S2nool Pretuises in the Mid- lattds. phniisituation. Eleven Masters, Eight of whom are Resident. Prospectus on applic,tion to the Principal, Mr. J. BAYLEY.

TO CLOSE A TRUST. Valuable Freehold Farm, Building Land. and Dwelling- houses at Bortonwood, and various Securities. TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, By AIR. R ocTHOMAS.msBLUE BELLU TIO NNN, aIA tvtTth,,enCTOTRONN. Eonxcir AI S' G E WEDNES- DAY, the 16th day of MAY. 1894, at 4 for 5 o'clock in the afternoon, subject to conditions of sale, in the following or such other lots as may be then determined upon by the vendors. LOT I.—All that Freehold FARM, with the Dwelling- house, outbuildings, and gardens belonging thereto, known as the Lime Kiln-lane Farm, situate in Burtonwood, in the county of Lancaster, and containing 31 acres, 3 roods, ard 37 perches, statute measure, or thereahonts let to Mr. Thomas Howard for the residue of a term of 7 years from the 2nd February, 1890. at a yearly rent of £5O. LOT 1 adjoins the Burtonwood Coal District, and the mines and minerals will be included in the Sale. . LOT 2.—A1l that Free'told BUILDING LAND, situate on ' the Southerly side of Gorsey-lane and on the V, esterly side of ; Clay-lane, in the Township of Burt nwood, containing 3 acres. ' 1 rood, and 20 perches, statute measure, or thereabouts, and let with part of Lot 3 to Mr. James Pre. LOT 3.—A1l those Two Freehold DWELLING-HOUSES, with stable, shinpon. and outbuildings. adjoining Lot 2, con- taittinz 16 notches, statute measure, or thereabouts, and now in the respective occupation of James Pye and Matthew Weir. The purchaser of Lot 3 will not be entitled to any rights of lights over Lot 2. LOTS 2 and 3 lie in the midst of the T3urtonwood Coal Dis- tri-t, and form very eligibie sites for buildinv. Valuable mines of coal are believed to lie thereunder. The mines and minerals wi'l be included in the sale. LOT 4.-16 fully-paid ORDINARY SHARES of £lO each, in the United Alkali Company, Limited, with the accruing dividend. LOT 5.-16 fully-paid £7 per cent. PREFERENCE SHARES of £lO each in the United Alkalia Company, Lim- ited, with the accruing dividend. LOT 6.-2200 futiv-pald £5 Der cent. Mortgage DEBRN- TURIC STOCK at the United Alkali Company, Limited, NMI the accruing interest from Ist January, 1894. LOT 7.-63 fully•pahl SHARES of £lO each in the Earlee- town. Newton, Haplock, Golborne and Ashton Permanent Benefit Boilding Society with the accruing yearly dividend. LOT 8.-5 £5OO fully-paid £4 per cent: DEBENTURES of the Fleetwood Gas Company, Limited, with the accruing in- terest from Ist May, 1894. LOT 9.—BOND of the Mersev Docks ard Harbovr Board, repayable 27th September, 1900. for £l,OOO and interest at £4 per cent. with the accruing interest from 27th March, 1894. LOT 10.—BOND of the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board. ' repayable 27th September, 1900, for £309, and interest at £3 17s. fid. per cent, with the accruing interest from 27th March, 1894. LOT 11.-10 £lOO fully-paid £4 per cent. DEBENTURES of Peter Walker and Son. Warrington and Burton. Limited, with the accruing interest from 31st Dec .mber, 1893. LOT 12.-12 SHARES of £lOO each (£2O paid) in Parr's Banking Company and the Alliance Bank Limited, with the accruing dividend. Further particulars, and plans of lota I, 2. and 3, may be obtained flora the Auctioneer, Legh-street, Warrington ;or from H. B. WHITE & SONS. Solicitors. 17, Cairo-street. Warrington.

FURNISH AT "THE PANT VIEON," GAYTNORN HIGH-CLASS SECOND-HAND FURNITURE. Lamb, Ogden, Garnett., Gillows, good old makers. Chippendale. Sheraton. and Adam's Furniture. THE LARGEST FURNISHING HOUSE IN THE NORTH. W. H. WORSLEY, Estab. 1841„ "The Pantheon," Gaythorn, Manchester. WEEKLY CHAT, SUBJECT: NEW LONDON FURNITURE. Good Furniture is the one absolute nedessity of a comfort- able home, but how often is the purchaser victimised by the showy flimsy rubbish manufactured in the East End of Lon- don, and now largely retailed by drapers, who have not the sligheat knowledge of the cabinet trasie. The lowest ticketed , price may be all very well in ribbons and lace, but this will not prove a good investment when applied to furniture, the lowest priced furniture is not the cheapest y any means. The East End of London is swarming with Jews. Nearly 100,000 cabinet makers are manufactuting cheap furLiture, showily veneered and glazed with varnish, these aretsent to the Pro- vinces and retailed at window-ticketed-prices by drapers who wish to sell everything and dabble in every trade. Furniture Is usually purchased with an id, a that it is to last for a hfe- time, and undoubtedly this is exactly what it should do. "The Pantheon," Gaythorn, is filled t,„ overflowing with Second-hand Furniture, by good old makers, which can be sold at even less cort than the Lew flimsy ru!:bish from East London. We warn the public from a sense of duty against purchasing cheat) New Furniture, when High-class Second- hand Furniture by Lamb, Gooda 1. Gillows, Ogden, &c , can be hid for even less, which after renovations has the exact appearanc of, new. See the enormous stock at " The Pantheon " before purchasing, where civility, courtesy, and prompt attention to orders is the rule, the same facilities for inspection given to those looking round as to those on busi- ness bent. A guarantee with every article. Exchanged if not approved. Deliveries free.

wONDERFUL BARGAINS IN EVERY DEPAN.MIENT. —Complete Houses of Furniture for 10. 15, 20. 25, 35, and 40 gui"eas, with 50 per cent. better vaine than any ether house in the City. Write for particulars and prove it, sent post free. Lists sent front £lO to £I,OOO.—WORaLEY'S

T)ARGAINS IN DINING-ROOM FURNITURF.—Great 11 care should be exercised in this department which, as a rule undergoes very hard wear. Secand-band is far better th di new. We have over 100 suites on view, 10) sideboard, and 100 dining tables. As a sample bargain we cite s—Lot 1. A magnificent old Spanish mahogany dining room suite, cost £B5, for £25 ; this is a full and cAnplete suite. Lot 2. A fine old American walnu, diuing-room suite, consisting of a massive Sideboard, handsomely carved, in has relief fitted with all modern cometieneas. The canopy supported by columns with corinthian capitals, the back is relieved by bril- liant bevelled plate glass, the suite Is in carved walnut and upholstered in the best English morocco ; Couchatwo Easies, and six Chairs, the Dining Table is carved to match and is a ' patent telescope, with extension leaf ; the Overmantle is quite equal to the rest., and matches p rtectly last, but not least, is a very pretty coal Vase, the lot is honestly worth £65; our Trice for quick a le is only 35 guincas ; money re- turned if not satisfaattry. Lot 3. -It good substantial SUIT 7, similar to Lot 2, same number of Pieces, but upholstered in real Ottoman saddle bags, very recerehe. Suite, :Sideboard, Overmantel, Dining Table, and Card Vase. the lot worth £5O for a leading line, we quote this £lB 10s. 6d., a marvel. Only requires to be seen to effect immediate sale ; first come, first served. Lot 4 —A Superb Pollard Oak DINING-ROOM SUITR, by Ratcliffe, cost £250. Full Suite of Sidetoard, Suite with tight chairs, taw,' carvers, two castes, and couch, with 18 feat o,k Dining Table, the lot for :Ella. A wed-, bargain Let 5,—A Similar Lot, in Vollar,. Oak, but mailer, for 67 guinea. We could go on for several colurrins deatribing bargains la this department,we have gordaubstaniial Staitas,Second-hand, hut in splendid condition,!or £7i,1:8, and :CIO; :!•ideboards from 355. to £75, this last being raie by James Lamb, the proPe4Y of Mr. Rycle, late of Bully Bank, Se 3 recur Grove ; cost over £2OO. Inspection invited.

THOUSANDS OF BARGAINS IN ALL DEPARTMENTS. 1 Next week we shall give a long list of the blrgains we are now showing in Itivh.clase Ssectul-hand Bedroom SUITES, ranging from £2 15,. c £l5O. Over 100 on view. We may mention also the finest stook ot Beistee.ds and Bed- ding, there being over 203 Bedsteads on show. A Notable Bargain—Solid Brass Persian Bedstead, mas Ave chased brass all solid, with a lovely set of drapery and pretty upholstered back ; a Gresham and Craven spring mattress, a perfectly new hair mattress. and the set a feather bolster and pillows, only 12 guineas the lot, worth £3O. Week after week we shall give a synopsis of stock now sho.wing in the Drawing- room Department ; the prettiest stock in Manchester of Chippendale and Sheraton Ftirniture • a1,,0 Sitting-room and Office Furniture. Fu nish NrOliSl:EY'.=', Gaythorn.

WORSLEY, '• The Pantheon," Gaythorn, Man- . 4 haster, close to Central station, bottom of Lower Mosley-street. All City Road cars pass the door—id. from Piccadilly—Alexandra Paric, Bradshaw-street, and Junction cars ; ask the guard for Wersley's, and he will put you down at the very door. Established 1841. Telephone, 1481. See Advertisement on front page

E 0 be Ett. I 4 L. J. ItOWLANDS, AUCTIONEER, VALUER AND LICENSING AGENT, WESTMINSTER CHAMBERS, 3, CROSSHALL-STREET, LIVERPOOL. -A TR. 'ROWLANDS has a Ifirge number of BOTELS it PUVILIC 11017SR'4, and BEERHOUSES TO LET both in TOWN and COUNTRY at all pricer, and to suit all classes of Trade. As there is a particular demand for COUNTRY LICENSED HOUSES, MR. ROWLANDS would strongly advisk persons intending to soli, to write to him and send full particulars at once as he has at prescnt a strong demand for them. Mr. IZOWLANDS has several very GENUINE HOUSES FOR SALE in and around Liverpool. Particulars on application. No Charges except busine.ss results. TO BE LET Stab'es. Coach-house. and yard.-Apply, to the Post. Office, Newton-le-Willows, CAPITAL Cottages TO BE LET.—Apply THOB. Cowinu„ Estate agent, Market Place, Warrington. LET.—WAREHOUSE and YARD, Orford-st.—Apply AsnTorr and Woons, Solicitors, Horeemarket.street, Warrington. DRAPERY BUSINRBS-, 12, Mersey-told, Widnes, House and shop TO LET. . Stock at valuation.—Apply, No. 14, next door.

A GOOD HOUSE; TO BE SOLD, or TO BE LET, known LI. a+ North View, Ove, ton, with two entertaintng, rooms, five bedrooms, kitetion,stat)lr f r tw,) hories, coAcb-b3use, a good garden.—Apply, to North View, Overton.

• WORTHINGTON'S BURTON ALES AND STOUTS. FINDLATER'S DUBLIN INVALID AND OTHER STOUTS, GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT In CASK On BoTTLE. FINDLATER'S STOUTS may flow he ba,l lii 4t, gallon ex4ke WHEATI EY'S HOP FIITERS in bottles onl7i. •I*. tr . BEACON. BREWER'S AGENT AND BOTTLER. 14. T. TAMES-ST. WARRINGTON.

3rtp'k,l3asssfittittes, &t. RUDGE CYCLE CO., LIMITED. THE OLDEST AND LARGEST CYCLE Ma OrILL LEADS. BEST WORKMANSHIP. BEST MATERIALS. BEST STRENGTH. The Machine for 1894 is the 44-0 lIUDGE." Oa easy .payment system or good cash discount. See our new cut line PNEUMATIC at £l2 12s. NET CASH. RUBOR CYCLE CO., LIMITED. 101, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

fIUSIIIONED TYRE!) SAFETY BICYCLIC, nearlv new.POR SALE, 8,111 B aring4 all thrOngb. —JOSEPH TUNSTALL, Sugar Works, Ear;estown.

CYCLES, CYCLES, Coventry CrosQ,lB94. CycleB' now ready, light, beudifully fini6hed and up-to-date hi pattern. See samples at PARKINSONS, 2. Bridge-oTet" Warringtnn. or at Northern Branch. WARMAN and HA:Au.'" WOOD, Limited, 134, Deansgate, Manchester.

rllO CYCLIST3.—The " Brilliant " Solidified Oil. etel Bright, Sail. Will not leak or shake out. Try You will be delighted. Large Collapiine tubes. Post fin ' eight stamps. Liberal terms to Ager.ta. The" Brilliant Solidified Oil Company, 167, Huddersfield-road, Oldham. '

SAPRTIBSt SAPETIFIS!! SA VETIRSII CHEAPER THAN !WEIL Most Wonderfml Bsrgains ev r offered. 1.000 MaC1:14,8.; New and Se-on:I-hand, in stock; Single Machines at sWe Price. 50 per cent. cheaper than other rnsliers. Write a once for large List, post free, from W. R. WA.REILAPF": Regent-street Safety Works, Weston-super-Mare.

AJAX CYCLES.—Preps £3 to .E2s.—Pneutaati4. and Cushion SAFETIES and TRICYCLES in ffreaS„,... variety. All interested in Cycles should write for our r.Lm page Lists for 189; of over 1.000 New and Second-hand Pneumatic, Cushion, and S..lid-tyre Safeties. Bicycles. arid Tricycles, and abeut &Oo unsolicited tes7imonlals post-free. Large discount for cash, or easy terms from 108. per mout.ll., Machin -a sent tiarriage paid, to purchaser's address. BRITISH CYCLE MANUFACTURING COMPANY. 45, BVERTON ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

-VRANKENBURG'S 'INFORMATION Is worra HAVING !—The Cycling PJNic don't know yet whet to get splendid Machines at 25 per cent. less, Accessories PA., 15 per cent. less. Cycle Capes at 20 per cent. less, CusbitiS, Tyrs at 25 per cent less. General Repairs IT' ore reliable cheaper. Replating superior and more durable. Save WI. and money by calling or writting to PRANKENBURG'S Indiarnbber and Macintosh Warebog 16C-162, STRETFORD-ROAD. MANCHESTER. (-1 1 • CYCLES! kil-CLES ! ! k.)YCLES ! !•! GARLAND, IRONMONGER. WARRINGTON. SOLE AGENT FOIL STANDARD MAKES. PREMIER. EXCELS TOR. NEW RAPID, SUNBEAM asi EXPRESS CYCLES. LARGEST CASH DISCOUNT. LOWEST PRICES. SEE WINDOWS. REPAIRS.

CYCLES! CYCLES!! CYCLES! INTENDING BUYERS Will do well to INSPECT our NEW STOCK 01? YIRST-CLAS.S MACHINEL 'PNEUMATICS FROM TO £2O HUMBERS, ROTHWELLS, CHAMPIONS, MONAS, PRIMAS AND ROBIN HOODS, NOTE THE ADDRESS :- LANCASHIRE CYCLE ._,-0J11)ANT• 2, GREAT GEORGE-ST. LIVERPOOL, 0. KEmPSEY, Maneger'— OLADE AND CO.'S CYCLES., SPECIALITY MR 1.894., Tim PoPUTATI HUM FIER SAFETY: FITT wim DUNLOP TYRES, OS. 13 19 OD. 1 The (mum SAFETY ROADSTER or RACER flt.ed with all pp-to-date Improvements. Weight at Roadster 351)5, Racer 3:11.,E. PNLV- , MATIC TYRES. P 1 9 PRICE CUSHION TYRES ES lea. 73, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

01115trai fitaritments • OAPITAL Two-manual ORGAN ; new • fine 00, , 0 V) tone. splendid pitch pine case.—ALEX. YOUNG 5 organ builders. Eldon-st.. Manchester.

rp J. \V. EMPERLET, MUSIC SELLRR, ' 31, LOWLAND'S ROAD, RUNCORN. j. _ PIANOS, ORGANS. VIOLINS, &If' • Tuning and Repairs. All kinds or Fittings in Ste Arrangements made for First-Class Orchestra.] Band and Pianists. PIANOS on lIIRR and on FUR El-PURCHASE-

_- 13tibitratian5. "now TO ENSURE HEALTII."—A work giving* Prescriptions and Instructions flo,:ot cure of all kinds of DeLility ; post free, two stamns.---Adv, Dr. BARNES, 43, Lonsdale Square. Barnsbury, LoNdon.:>-' L- iDIES' HANDY ILLUSTRATED OLTh , By a LADY DOC ron. Free, two stamps. Publisher. 3R, Colston-q , Bristra•oi valuable iugormation and blessing to womankind. Ite paper.

Tz-xowLEDGE ipowEß.—Thirteenth IN Edition of Explanatory Book, sent gr,ltis free. fr.:ves valuable and reliable information how tnnres., money quickly and successfully by Stochca and St Address GKo. EVANS and Co., btockbroker. 24. Victoria-st.. London, B. C.

I- -14 REF: TOiI\IIN.t When you are tired of taking nauseous r.nd " . prescriptions and compound's, which do you navo,t,bt yOO ruin your digestive organs, write to me and I wai se,,,Tn CO r4l ft book which describes a QUICK AND CEILTAI,' we, for lost strength, wasting weakness, So., from - cause arising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELlt' , ITY. Sent in envolope on receipt of two stamps for A. J. 1-Krettt, 92-93. Great Russell-street. Loudon. • IN USE ALL OYER THE WORLD• S. PEACH & SON'' LACE CURTAINS. Direct from the Looms at Factory a, POPULAR GUINEA PARCEL. 21/ 1 / for 1894. CARRIAGE PAID. 0100 ' ' Lot n. 726 contains : 4 Pairs Superior Qu ility Ctlrtstikao' • pair 11:egant Drawing Room Curtains, 4 yds. 10,1gg, wide, 1 Pair Mole, Dining Room Curtains 3;t Yds. ins. wide, 1 Pair Beautiful sitti-g Room Curtains. sine, long 55 iris, wide. 1 Pair Rich Breakfast Room Ctir"'.,ot, yds. long, 48 ins wide. All Taped Edges. Ecria'yeto. desired. Popular Parcels we hive a,lvertised for per_ have given link-tit:lAl satisiraction. Ths 1894 Parcel is s"j feet in quality, m.:terial, design, style, and finish, 7,10,4 a marvel of valne.—Eat•slaction Guaranteed IZef uri d. Prize Medals, Cli'cagn. 1893, and Toronit,/eo 1891 Price List (Post Free), 210 Illustr+tions, latest b'Jizoller_,,. Lace Curtains, Laces, Silk Flouneings. Mantle CaPP!' Ljet'" 1:111"4,.&c 1.0.0.'s pal ab:e to S. PEACH lc ?1,1%, I tingh,m. Lid e' . 6*,

I

I

IRRAND'S BEEF. BOUILLON. BRAND'S BEEF BOUILLON. BRAND'S BEEF BOUILLON. MOST NUTRITIOUS AND INVIGORATING BEVERAGE. wade by the Simple Addition of Boiling Water. At a Cost within the reach of all. 11. LITTLE STANHOPE-ST.. MAYFAIR. W

i

I

Itiarbfilerpt on ale. Pouß LOCOMOTIVEG fvr SALE or on HIRE PUR- CHASE onet llin" two 12 in.; one 141 n. cylinders ; Pitrticulart; applicatiON I icati for rail llst,—tuos. W. Nbfrifit'd

P°R SALB, GOOD AIULTITUBULAR BOILER, 241 t. by at 651b7ft. diam , longitudinal seams, double riveted; insurei ma, • square incb.—Address Wm. ARNOLD, and Sox, Boiler - "re. Paddock, Huddersfield.

1 i 100 MA.CHINE TOOLS. cot;prising LATHES, DRILLS, ' limi, PLANERS. SHAPERS, BriGlNfiS, RTY'Lt.!..., MILLING- MACIIINEL PUNCHING- and • el MACHINES, .°.-z., Lady--For list apply Scorr ...._.......------...—....,_ . r. LET STONE-BREAKEM' A all types. with Steel or Iron Erames ; also MO iiTAR MILLS, CON- -BTiisA,' mix Ens. STEAM WINCH-. HOISTS, PUMPS, optil CRANES. and PORT.VILT4 ENGINES en Hire with liver: ''r Purchase. New and second-hand, ready for de- "—S. MASON and Co., Brandon-st.. Leicester.

Sr' GROTI—GE'S IRONWORKS LIMITED (late Ormerod, TVGrierson, and Co. Limited), If ulme, Manchester, have 114 Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT. 02f8 in the trade and are in a position to Supply CAST- prm.:, Millwright, and all kinds of Engineeeing Work tAti-PUY. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appll- °lL—telephone 229. IIiT,I3TNT----0-I,'FICE-: E. K. MITTON AND CO,, ENGi'a.AETERED PATENT AGENTS and CONSULTING E. pr 5, JOHN DA LTON,STREET, MANCIIRSTRR. +404. •". & Co. are Pr-ale:11 Engineers as Well as Patent tip" pcPerts, and are therefore able to give reliable advice v",nti4e Workable as well as the Patentable nature of an in- ClMllat: of Information sent gratis. Established 30 years. Zl. Telephone 752. Telegrams Dotus, Manchester.

- ECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, Ita'c'e in Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from, 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particulars on application.

41rENT foisplole MANCHESTER. WI, ESTABLISHED IN 1835. ye:lrst,o• GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha: n more ihban. 40 1171,t, Personal experience in connection with this Esta tsli- anti i ' 4'41 possess practical know ledge of the cotton, wooden. ran, MR D ufactures. „e"Self-lielp to the New Patent Law," Price 64. QE001°4441 And Foreign Patent Laws." Prim' is. DAVIES. C.E.. Sr, SON, F.1.P.A., M• 8.1.. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCIIESTER.___ I - li I" L 1.--, '.._.'T---A-:":--SI3E—S—TC-)S-''---PACKED WATER 1,- GAUGE'S. IiELL'S ASItESTOS I'At2KED COCKS AND VALVES w,..." Are the Best, Fittings in the, Market. • - 11,- -.. tri"rd-r 1n g new br,ilera. steam users should indent Ii r -,.sist, upon having these instead of antiquated and mire- , "'Ne Datterns A 8 • ixi..._ arnPle Set of (.1-ity, " ea or a C •ck will be supplied on a two ' . Illustrat,l Priced Catalogue post free from TRR . BLITZ, COUPE, PY AND CO., ~SEESTOS. INDIA RUBBER AND ENGINE'ER'S . SToIiES WA1(13110USIC, 2, STRAND-ST., JAMES-ST., LIVERPOOL, 1078. Telegrams ASBESTOS—Liverpool.

- RAMS FOR THE SEASONq. SPECIALLY SELECTED LIPTON'S HAMS ,lALN, MILD, AND . FINK FLAVOC-DHP- Oi'VN CURE. , GUARANNEED PERFECTION. FINEST IN THE NVORLD ~ -../7 PER LB. OTHER. CHOICE QUALITIES. • , : -/6 AND -161 PER LB. No matter what price is paid FINER •Innot be got. COOKED HAMS, WHOLE, BONELESS. 41 PER LB. SLICED, 1/'" PILS LB. Steal to what is sold elsewhere at about double tile money COOKED BEEF HAM, -140 PER LB. ANY QUANTITY CUT. PIES, LUNCHEON SAUSAGES, and other Cooked Delicacies, specially suited for the Summer lion- days at equally low prices, at LIPTON'S LOCAL BRANCHES ; WARRINGTON: Corner of Bridge-st., and Friar's Gate. MANCHESTER : 26, Oldhana-st., and Stretford-rd., (Corner of Cambridge-st.) ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE : 175, Stamford-st. OLDHAM : 47, Mumps. BRANCHES EVERYWHERE.

WHITSUNTIDE HOLIDAYS. JONES'S THE NOTED CASH DRAPERS, 59, 64 & 63 BRUNSWICK ROAD, LIVERPOOL. ARE OFFERING THIS WEEK THE FOLLOW- ING BARGAINS, 2,000 PAIRS DENTS' FOUR FASTENER KID GLOVES, 1/91 PER PAIR. 100 DOZEN LADIES' SILVER MOUNTED SILK UMBRELLAS, 2/11, 3/11, 4/11• 2,000 BEAUTIFUL DELAINETTE FULL DRESS LENGTHS, EIGHT YARDS, 1/IE, 2/6, 2/11• 20 DOZEN LADIES' NEW PRINT BLOUSES, LIGHT OR DARK PATTERNS I /02, 1/62, 1 /112. 100 DOZEN LADIES' BLACK CASHMERE HOSE, FULL FASHIONED, -./.IN, 10, 1/21. 200 DOZEN LADIES' BLACK CASHMERE JERSEYS, 1/IE, 2/6, 2/11. SPECIAL. ANY OF THE ABONT LINES SENT POST FREE ON jiliglilltt OF ORDER. MONEY RBTURNED 11/iCri =ROVED. JONES'S BEE HIVE, 59, 61, & 63, BRUNSWICK ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

• CHOLERA & .121 EVERS PREVENTED. ANITAS " DISINFECTANTS. , KILL ALL DISEASE GERMS, FRAGRANT, NON-POISONOUS AND •DO NOT STAIN. FLUID, OIL, EXTULSION, POWDER AND SOAPS AND AFFLIANOTO FOR ALL PORFOSHS. TRU "SANITAB " CO., LIMITED, I#I3TIINAL GREEN, LONDON. E.

DCI R. COTT'S PILLS Cure Headache and Sickness. Cure Indigest ion. Cure Flatulence and Heartbnrn. Ciye all Bilious Affections.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Are a Tonic Purifier. St ren,!then the Whole System. Induce Cheerfulness. Invaluable as a Family Medicine.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS a Core Loss of Appetite. Cure Depression of spirits. Cure all Disorders of the Blood. Cure Lassitude and Nervousness. DR. SCOTT'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS. Are wrapped in a square green package. hearing the name of the proprietor, W. LAMBERT 173, Seymour Place, London. W by post for 14 or 34 stamps.

THE EXAMINER. ATU RD AY. MAY 12.1894.

G 41,13 .1)/fE1,AL DIEU= FT% RAS. SPECIALLY RECOMMENDED TO DYSERPTICi, and a great boon to any who hare been denied the useraf other teas lsy their Medical Advisers. EIENRY MILLING & CO. LTD. MERCHANT WARRINGTON.

THE FULL VALUE OF EVERY - LEGITIMATE MEDICINAL PROPERTY IS EMBODIED IN St JACSBAS *IL IT CURES Rheumatism. ITS INTRINSIC VALUE IS ATTESTED 131' MILLIONS OF PEOPLE: Price, lj & 2/6.

TEETH ! TEETH! TEETH! MACDONALD'S FREE DENTORIUM. WHOLESALE ARTIFICIAL TEET f-I M A NUFACTO RY (Registered.) B.- H.M.R. Letters Patent. (Trade Mark.) The Best an.:( Cheapest House in the Profession. Single Teeth, 25.; Sets, 20s. Fit and Quality Guaranteed Patients fitted while they wait. A lady in attendance. The Trade Supplied. All best materials and work= -ship Teeth extracted free from CS to 8 p.m. Teeth extracted without pain. Free consultations. Telegraphic AdO.ress " Dentist," Manchester. 9. PTCOATILY (Opposite h.firmary Clock). MANOHESTER

THE CELEBRATED "R. W. N. SPECIFIC " FOR R. EIEUMATISM, SICIATICA, CRAMP, &C. Recommended by Users and the Medical Profession as the best CURE. TRY IT: Prepared only by R. " • NEWCOMBE, 113, RANN-STREET, B R I 1 IN CtHAM. Post Free for 16 Stamps.

WELLS'S GRAVEL PILLS. A sure curefor Gravel, Lumbago, Painsin the back, GRAVEL Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaints PILLS GRAEHL Diseases of the Kidoeys, Bladder, PILLS GRAVEL Urinary Organs. Stone, Gleet. Strietuie PILLS GRAVEL Sciatica, Rheumatism, Sze. The Effect, PILLS GRAVEL or One Box is Marvellous. Price 1/11 PILLS GRAVEL and 2/9 per Box. Agents :—Wells. PILLS GRBVEL Chemists 69. Higher Eanam, Blackburn PILLS GRAVEL Thornber, Chemist, Aceringten; Barnes, PILLS Chemists, 29, Plungington-road, Preston ; or free by post from THE PROPRIETORS, 41, Scotland-road, Liverpool

(IKEATING'S POWDER." Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles.

"KEATING'S PO WDE R." Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles.

6 4KE ATI:\ G'S POWDER." Kills Fleas, Bugs, Moths, Beetles.

"KEAIING'S POWDER." Kills Fleas. Bugs, Moths, Beetles.

"T EATING'S PO WDE rt." Kills Fleas, Bugi. Moths, Beetles.

This Powder so celebrated, is perfectly Unrivalled in des- troying BUGS, FLEAS, MOTHS. BEETLES, and all Insects (whilst perfeA,y ha-mless to all animal life). All woollens and furs should be well sprinkled with the Powder before placing away. To avoid disappointment insist upon haying " Keating's Powder." St-e the signature of Thomas Keating is on the wrapper, without which yea are defrauded. No other powder is effectual. Sold only in tins, 6d., ls., and 2s. 65.

WORMS IN CHILDREN. WORMS IN CHILDREN. are easily, surely. and with perf;!ct safety got rid of by using KUATING'S WORK TABLETS. Nearly all children suffer from Worms. If suspected do not wait, you can with ease cure the child (has no efferA except. on worms). Sold by all Chemists, hi Tins, is. lid. each.

I WANT EVERYBODY TO TRY DR. AIAY'S :INFALLIBLY. LEMEDIES Dr. MAY'S Anti-constipation PfLLS are strongly recom- mended to all who suffer from hibitual COSTIVENESS. They diff,r from most, alvertised remedies flr this prevalent complaint, their action beint; to STRENGTHEN and IN- DUCE a healthy stAte of the STOMACH and BOWELS. They give tone to and alter the morbid state of these organs. SENT POST FREE, 111 & 2/9 per BOX. DEL MAY'S AMERICAN FORMULA For NERVOUS DEBILITY, TIC NEURALGIA, TOOTH- ACHE and all debilitated worn ont conditions () the Nervous System. A powerful NERVINE iu the form of a PILL which quickly pulls one together and restores shattered health. SENT POST FREE 2/9 & 4/6 per BOX. Address, 32, VINCENT-ST., CANNING TOWN, LONDON E.

47/7- • 111fi'• • pp _ • 7;fs:,:_ • WE Al/E THE ONLY MAKERS OF LAWN MOWERS appointed by Royal Warrant Makers to H.M. the Queen and His Itoy.sl Highness the Prince of Wales. GREEN'S PATENT " SIL EN S • MESS( IR " LAWN MOWERS, WITH IMPROVED WHEELS AND SOLID-LINK STEEL CHAINS, AND NEW MONARCH, Take the lead of all others, and are the first, foremost, and best in the world. They have stood the test for upwards of thirty years. and have carried off EVERY HIGHEST PRIZE which has beers given in all cases of competition. They are in constant use in all the Royal Gardens. They will cut either long or short grass, bents, Ac., wet or dry. EVERY ONE SENT OUT IS GUARANTEED to give entire satisfaction. Otherwise it may be returned at once Free of COST to the PURCHASER. They can be had of all reap etable Ironmongers and Seeds- men in the United Kinvdom, or direct from the Manufacturers. THOMAS GREEN AND SON, LIMITED SMITHFIELD IRONWORKS, LEEDS, AND SURREY WORKS, BLACKFRIARS ROAD, LONDON, S.E. Carriage Paid t, all the Principal Railway stations in the United Kingdom. Illustrated Price Lists, with Testimonials, Free on Applicatiox. Beware of deceptive imitations. N.B.—Repairs promptly done at both our Establishments, for the trade as well as others.

ESTABLISHED 1851. BIRKBECK BANK, Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane. London. TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEREST aliowect on DEPOSITS, repayable on demand. TWO per CENT. on CURRENT ACCOUNTS. on minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below £lOO. STOCKS. SHARES, and ANNUITIES purcnased and sold SAVINGS DEPARTMENT For the encouragementof Thrift the Bank receives small slam on deposit, and allows Interest monthly on each completed £1 BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A HOUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH. BIRKBECK FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH. The BIRKBECK ALMANACK, with full particulars, post fre FRANCIS RA.VENSCROFT. Manager.

LADIES! DR. LIDINGTON'S NEW MEDICAL DISCOVERY for married or single women is positively the safest and most successful method known for removing all Irregularities and ONstructions no matter how caused sr long standing, no nau eous pills, powders, mixtures or any other useless stomach medicine to take. Failure impossible under this treatment. Sufferers may obtain particulars free ot charge by sending stamped addressed envelope to Dr. LIDINGTON. 46 Southampton Buildings, Holborn, London.

WOODS' PATENT GALVANISED STEEL WIRE MATTRESSES, With French and Persian Bedsteads complete. . .., NO.o3s—Frnell• a• 7- To be seen carrying iiiP•l-licr_ I' ... itt weo ljhEallTeOngN. Challenge i......,:i _ .. other Wire Mattress . ~.,.,,,., 1,.. • t. to stand this Test It ror - , ,--,-..„-L.,,,,,- • -tv But is it ever re- ' p. , 2r: ''',-- ":;.: ; ..o,'• „,.,- ''., t• ' t qtsired of a Mattress '. AA-. -'.' ..r; ;" • , ' 1; that it should carry one to* I Certainly not. Hitherto the •. complaint against the use of : I - . ~. Wire Mattresses has been that - actr;,.........; they stretched after a time, tif.)e which WB3 true. We give this severe test to prove that ours will not stretch. If they do within b years we will replace with new ones, To he had from THOMAS SUTTON, Sale Rooms. Legh Street. THE LO.NGFORD WIRE Co .Limited.WARMINGTON.

SAVE A DOCTOR'S FEB. ADVICE TO LADIES (FREE). ALADY SPECIALIST (qualified) many years attached to a Fern tie Hospital, is enabled to POSI- TIVELY GUARANTEE the DESIRED RES.'LT in a tew the IRRBOULAItITY may be, o enand mattereveh when everything has failed. Write at once, enclosing st tinped addressed envelope, to SPECIALIST 295, STRAND. W.C.

. „ . APERFECT CURE SXVEIII(AItr-11°-KISR Forweakness,loss of tlesh and vital power, rest- less sleep, ptmples,nervous exhaustion, ec ailments arising from early or later-day errors. Address Messrs. WILKINSON, Medical Hall, Sheffield. 4/6 THE CASE, BY POST 4/9. WILL CURE YOU. \ x•xxxx.xx

DR. MACKAY'S MARVELLOUS F E EMAL REMEDY Oft ALL OBSTRUCTIONS and IRREGULARI- TIES stands unrivalled. The most stubborn and hope- le,s cases yield to this extraordinary Medicine in six hours. Itnmr-nss sale throughout the w3rld. Thousands of sufferers cured, Testimonials (Genuine), with hill Instructions and Advice, accompany each bottle. Sent post free, under cover, for ss. 6d. DR. MACKAY, 104. HIGH HOLBORN. London. Beware of Dishonest Imitators.

LONDON AGENTS :—MESSRS. 110VENDUN, 91, CITY- ROAD, who will forward by post.

NERVOUS DEBILITY, LOST MANHOOD, YOUTHFUL IMPRUDENCE. .tc. A FTER many years' suffering a Gentleman has obtained a 11 simple SELF-CURE for NERVOLISNESS, Loss of Strength and Energy, Weakness. ecc. All sufferers should write at once for ptrticulars, which will be forwardet free. Send self-addressed stamped envelope. plainly written to MU. ROBERTS', 13, CLAREMONT SQUARE, PENTONVILLE-ROAD, LONDON, N. (Name Paper).

Kayo's BEST Worsdeirs FAMILY • MEDICINE. plias. •They Purify the mood, and as a SUId but effectual Aperient are unequalled, and be. yond this they brace up the nerves and set every organ in healthy action, thus ensur- ing Complete restoration to perfect health: They are A CERTAIN CURE for INDIGESTION. CONSTIPATION, BILIOUSNESS, HEADACH4 DYSPEPSIA, LIVER AND KIDNEY COXPLAINTS. VOA LADIES OP ALL AGES TREY ARE INVALITABLZ Of all Chemists, 1/li, 2/8. and 4/6 per box:

JUNO CMES VERYARE -113"EHSET. .T uß.:l:::Rodl:::aoiSitu:lNsattl:f:tt:::,2aLBfl:::::s.r ... i ~, „ THE ), Juso Racers 201!is. EASY '' JU TERMS ,-- -\ v JUNO Lady's, Military , _,.__-...... ...W.(4111r ~..A\\‘, / Nnw-!: Tricycles whi..ll 'pass 28 , '"-.-, ',,::-...„':.:,-,,,.;, ~.. , ...,,„,-.4" - inch. doors. ' Vett' -1 FibsT ' 4. (~,,,,,_ li," Send at one. for Julio 4 sli , Illustrated Li,t _ ~_ CASH Dl§ iiine P , fittings, parts, pMaratcs, &CARRIAGE PAID pages sundries,press opinions 12 Monthly Payments or Cash Dis- and riders testimonials couut. Carriage Paid. 6econd•hand Machines in immense variety. Sole Maaers of the Juno— METROPOLITAN MACHINISTS' CO., LIMITED. 75 and 76, Bishopsgate Without, London, E.C.

ONE POUND OUT OF EVERY THIRTY POUNDS OF TEA CONSUMED IN GREAT BRITAIN IS SOLD BY BROOKE, BOND & Co. 'nil, is an absolute fact, and it is the best possible proof of the value of OUR TEA. Prices : 1/=, 1/2, 1/4, 1/8, 2/-, 2/4, or 2/8 per lb. WE HAVE AGENTS throughout this district, and we will gladly tell you the name of our Agent nearest to you if you will ask us by post card. OUR AGENTS draw their supplies, ready-packed and Labelled, c instantly from us, and they sell exactly the same teas at precisely the same prices as at our well-known Warehouses. WE ARE GLAD to receive applications from ener- getic tradespeople for Agencies wherever we are not already represented. Selling our Tea has long been a regular Annuity to Thousands oi enterprising ilea and Women. BROOKE, BOND 6: CO., LTD., 17, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER, • And at LEEDS, BRADFORD, and LONDON.

HONOURS TO A WAR.RINGTON FIRM. The Longford Wire, Iron, and Steel Company, Limited, Warrington, have been awarded a first- which was opened by Prin- class certificate at the exhibition at pm.,ent being k. The South Eastern flail- cheesl sd ci nh sstlii ann) r di a, slit Kent, way have closely identified themselves with the exhibition, amongst the officials taking an active interest in it being Sir Myles Fenton (general manager). London; Mr. W. Wainwright (carriage and waggon superintendent), and Mr. Junes Stirling (loco. superir:- tendent), Ashford. The Longford Company's exhibits consist of (1) a London and North-Western set-ee (Wood's patent), as supplied to the railway company for waiting-rooms; (2) Wood's patent railway carriage seat of woven steel wire; (3) the same patent "applied to an ordinary chair; (4) Wood's patent bedstead, o it liwot,en steel wire mattress, galvanised ; (5) Wood's' 'Patent hospital bed ; and (6) Wood's patent invalid couch. As was the case in the Liverpool Exhibition of 1886, On the hospital bed mattress are placed forty weights of Hap., with the result that no injury or displacement whatever is caused to either the bed or mattress, whilst on a single wire a weight,of 4?-;t3wt. is suspended with an qually satisfact-,ry result. Since the Liverpool Exhibition rapid development has been made by the Longford Wire, Iron, and Steel Company, Limited, and the recent adaptations of their patent—viz., their railway carriage seats, are rapidly superseding the old-fazhioned coil spring, and have been adopted by most of the railways in the United Kingdom, whilst the principle is being introduced into omnibus seats, tramcars, &c., and ordinary chairs and , couches. The " Engineering "of last week gives a description and illustration of a form of railway carriage seats of which it states upwards of 13,000 have been supplied to various railway companies during the past few years by the Longford Wire Co. Limited, Warrington. It also adds that " The rapidity with which these seats have made their way is remarkable, when one remembers how conservative are railway companies, and how dis- inclined to admit alteration in standard patterns. Nearly every company in the kingdom has given trial orders, and most of them have repeated their orders on a large scale. In some cases the new seats have been adopted in a wholesale fashion ; the fUghland Railway has 1032 of them running, and the Great Eastern 7175. We can personally testify that these seats are most corn- fortable and though fastened from end to end, the movement of one passenger is not felt by his neighbour. Incleed so entirely localised is the deflection that it ts possible for a heavy man to dance a•break down at one end of the seat without disturbing anyone sitting at the other end. If railway passengers could only understand the sanitary difference between woven wire and tne boxes of stuffing that are usually employed there ,would be a general demand for the new seats."

91 I. 0 1 JADIES ! THE GREAT INDIAN FEMALE MEDICINE, was dis- covered by a married Lady during her trawls in the Far East, who has never known it to tail ix rem3ving the worst cases of Irregularity or Obstruction in two ho,rs, even after all other remedies fail, nothing can possibly resist the action cf this extra°, dinary preparation, wh ch is almost instantane- ous in its effect. Ladies will avoid much expense, illness, worry,ana cruel bitter disappointment by having this remedy at, once. Sent secure from observation for 43. 6d.—Mrs. BAR- ItINGTON, 4, Fe itherstone-buildinv,s, London, W.C.

i DOUGLAS'S REAL RHEUMATIC CURE Is the only slte and true remedy for Rheumatic, Sciatic, and Gout. The heal Rhematic Cure is a liqui i medicine to be taken internally. : roys and drives , out of the system the morbid and ko it EAL g t y matter which exe:tes and -1-3 produces all the pains and inflam- ..iIIIEU3IATIC atlons which are associated in an attack of rheu- matism, whether acute or chronic. , Never known to CURE. fail in Rheumatic fever.-24,Canute- , street, Preston, Dear Sir, my daughter was afflicted tor two years with rheu- matism and was attended by three doctors and given up in- curahl -. The day before takin!.; your medicine she fainted for want of appetite an i loss of sleep. After taking two bottles of your Real Rheumatic Cure, she was restored to health. Yours faithfully, Mrs. Hoskinson. Witness to this Cure, Rev.,Toseph D.Sexton, The English Martyrs,Preston. Other testimonials sent free. The Peal Rheumatic Cure is sold by all Chemists throughout the United Kiogiom at ?s, 91. per bottle, or post free with lull directions, 33 stamps from the Proprietors : DOUGLAS AND CO., 24, GRIMSHA.W-ST., BURNLEY.

Am. OM AN'S FRIEND, HUXLEY'S SPECIAL v MIXTURE. THE MOST POWERFUL MCD EFFECTUAL MEDICINE, KNOWN The recipe of a lamina French Physician, Quick, sure, end certain. Never fails to Relieve aud Cure, no rnstter how caused, Post free to any ,it•ires for 2a. 9d. or ss. 61. per b ttle. Full instructions with esch. Send for the WIPE'S FR! END, a book for every woman who wisha to keep healthy.—D.. GL I.SGOW HUXLEY, M.D. (U.S.), 17e, Cemetery-rold, sheflield, and Masonic. Buidiugstopposite Market), liotherlp.m.

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX. p . le • ti,3„..:4 I,dl pILLs, .Q 1 TOR ALL BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, SUCH AS SICK HEADACHE,

and FEMALE AILMENTS. ANNUAL SALE, SIX MILLION BOXES. In Boxes, 91d., ls. xml is. 9 er,ch. with full directions. The 1.. i.i. pox ro,tatini 56 . • PRZPAIIIM ONLY By THE 1-HOPRIETOR— THOMAS BEECIM, St !Wens, Lancashire. BEEGHA S TOOTH PASTE EFFICACIOUS—FCC 1031ICAL— CLEANSES Tilt': TEETH --PERFUMUS THE BTIEATII. In Collapsible Tut•es, of all Drugqistc, or from the Proprietors, fir is., post-paid.

„,,;••••. t -.., •,; -, ,; 7:4,:44e.1i5i'.1%,.%!::;:t54:: —4::.t.344:64...,,1'-5.1,•,771,:',:f;14.':71..,..F.-q to' s';'''.i-': ,i , , ::; ' , • • -...) .o‘. =-I,k, . • 7 , ,;,. it,g4:74.- ' - Act:A. - . ~, S'9 . ;, .. • -11,r; * 'V, - '.. . .1i ,” AT . ..%',,, ~ e *i, i , .'. rtl4-, :•1 ' ' f 1., ~ ; , . ~k 1 ': :.4.;.' .1, ,k -,,* •e,, . 4 ..., .1 , , . , -... , 4.. t ',..ei ~ ;41i, ! '. ' . ft ; ~ • i, ,"•• • ' , ' ' , ' ' ' 'Pt ' • / 4,-A '',' 7T, i ~,q-, , '.., • ....... 7:,1/4„; Co ' • -;', 'f; '..t. g, 1 t. ~..,,, gt, ~.‘, i'e-4,;-.•„- '..' ,:,, •.,. z*. . •"'i . . , - 4*,-,,i ".'4.i. —O. _ - . - ' -;ri, .;-rf.s • , 4.1'. ,o.- • 4s- , . 7' . , 4 ix. . :V-1) c:, ir., 41, ',', ..,„';,..":).,.....t.1,,,, 1:, ' -4 R ALL PURecSfo - - ' I A-44,,

V _, 9 (~. -meaCnioeU9Stro; • ; IILdIMAICS ~ •,i.?. '., Hvoersrye I • .....„. •,) _ri. . T .LIEU:COLBLUMENTHAL i, ItISC;' ,----.N 'T\ • ..... if i. - ~. ~a /- ' , •.•, _ll\l ‘.,, 40-__ - - _ c.) ,--r •- • ....v.,. :.....;-..• i\fiqi ‘ ~,,,,,,,:ii, i ‘ . .. ~ -, 3 • , . t- -7 ii. 1/2/ (_\) \ '.-. .11,--.'• ...,., •i....,,, /.4.4 . ...... 0 •/ ,r , .., ..tlt ' , • 1 1 \ •,, I, . .. i .‘ 1") • . I t' ''''-'''' %, N • - i I.l\ 1 . •,h.,11,",: ~ :-.•''' 'o --, - ;if .. • • , .- ..? . ----4- • .., , , . r 2/6 3/6 ' ra BOTTLE • .' 1,, . 1 ._ .......--.....------- ._____— -.. • t . relZ)Ctreil. ' -.•—-. ,s—,_„-_,-_-1-'---__,.. --:,_____- _ ' —:__ , . T,. , On ly uy 0 '. '''' I ----,—;_-;-------- I -2,-----:---':•-• i'• • --•- --:--- ? ....------. 1 ,--------- ' •.. ....50 ~..---. . SLOUCH. •-- • - 0 i ENGLAND. . --.. DIEVIANO4Ia dERMANY. ,

: LLe. WAY'S PILLS & OINTMENT Are acknowledged by all to be The Best Medicines for Family Use. MANUFACTURED ONLY AT 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONDON. And Sold by all 411cclicioc "citrlers throughout the, World. Advice Gratis, at the above address, daily, between the hours of ii and 4, or by letter:

iE IRISH LI. .Nr IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. - (-7 R, HUTTON & CO., LARNE, BELFAST*

These tiny soluble CAPSULES are su- perior to Balsam of Oopaiba, ()plebs or $13.11 I astringent liquids and CURE IN 48 HOURS the same •41 I DNI diseases without in- ) ' , convenience. Alt Capsules marked 4/6 of all °herniate, or post free from WILCOX & Co. ,239 Oxford St.,Lorldon,W.

NOTICE. , -LI TH E WIDNES n2CAMINER " 10 NOW PUBLISHED Ot FRIDAY AFTER NOOV. AND CAN BE OBTAINED FROM THE VARIOUS NEWSAGENTS, AT ABOUT 3-30 P.M.

vs. al . - ______________._..-,_....--•--- i 161 THE MANCHESTER et Daol% • TAILORING & k }LOTHING -_ 8 & 10, HORSEMARRST-ST , WARRINGTP.,Z,I l AliE SHOWING th.a.LARGEST.RANGES of I.,llAii ilo MAKES of CLOTHS for MOURNING Wrin—rs,i.ti i WORSTEDS, SERGE, VICUNAS, LLAMA& I,..,',z`'s „ SUITS RHAD.Y MADR OR TO MNA'''_,";asv• at short notioe for MEN, YOUTHS and 31(Y.0 Well %nad a and thoroughly r.....2.1,,..--•-'''' ----- w,o.tt 4/ revisal. , victe?rl3
