===== 0002601_18941013_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES'. MANTLES,

JACKETS,

PALETOTS,

AND

EV AN S'S,

WARRINGTON.

FURS, &CI

CHILDREN'S GARNIENTS

17 SANKEY STREET,

===== 0002601_18941013_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
AN INSPECTION OF THE STOCK IS

TEETH I TEETH! TEETH! MACDONALD'S COMPANY. WHOLESALE ARTIFICIAL TEETH MANUFACTORY (Registered.) 13:' H.M.R. Letters Patent. (Trade Mark.) The Best and Cheapest House in the Profession. Single Teeth, 25.; Sets, 20s. Fit and Quality Guaranteed Patients fitted while they wait. A lady in attendance. The Trade Supplied. All beet materials and workmanship Teeth extracted free from 6 to 8 p.m. Teeth extracted without pain. Free consultations. 9 PICCADUAr (Opposite Infirmary Clock). MANORESTER.

1/ttels.

fausital instruirtents.

J. W. TE'MPERLEY4''.4I3 MUSIC SELLBR, L 044 31, LOWLAND'S ROAD. RUNCORN. • PIANOS, ORGANS. VIOLINS, &C.. Tuning and Repairs. All kinds of Fittings in 5t00k..., Arrangements made for First-Class Orehectral 13ttud and Piauists. PIANOS on 1111&11 and on 1-lIILE-I'URCIIASR.

Tai

• -

WHITE STAR LINE for NEW YORK every WISIDNRSDAY.

A MERICAN LINE—SOUTHAMPTON to NEW _L-1. YORK, direct every SATURDAY. and LIVIPRPOOL to PHILADELPHIA, every WEDNESDAY.—Fare £2.

GUION LINE to NEW YORK, every SATURDAY.

it DELA I DE. MELBOURNE and SYDNEY STEAMERS from LIVERPOOL.

INTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW 'YORK, BOS- TON, PHILADELPHIA. SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA, CHINA, JAPAN, AUSTRALIA or,NEW ZEALAND should take tickets at theLOWEST RATES at THE

"EXAMINER" OFFICE,

WARRINGTON. By any of the above-mentioned or any other lines. ZORN WALKER AND GO., AGENTS ,

===== 0002601_18941013_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
RESPECTFULLY INVITED.

ESTABLISHED 1861.

JAMES WEBSTER. MIDDBLBURG, HOLLAND. (Late of Calais and Brubgne-Sur-Mer, France.) Bankers :—England—London and Westminster Bank, Lon- don. Scotland—Bank of Scotland, Glasgow. Ireland—Bank of Ireland, Dublin. The Great Yorkshire Handicap, St. Leger, Duke of York Stakes, Cesarewitch and Carnloridge- shire.—Double and Treble Events. Starting Prices on all Races. No S. P. Limit on the Principal Races. Accumu- lative Commissions. "The Turf Chronicle." Free on receipt of address.

AN ENGLISHMAN'S HOUSE IS lIIS CASTLE or, properly speaking. ought to be. This can never be the case, if unfortunately a would-be householder has to resort to the Easy Payment System. a new name for the ini• quitous Hire System. To furnish a house on the Hire System. alias the Easy Payment System, is to establish and support what is the most cruel, arbitrary extortion ever invented. The prices charged for the goods are enormous, without any regard for quality, the agreements are one-sided, being drawn with a cuteness which would do credit to a money lender, full of despotic and arbitrary restrictions, (niches not to remove the mark on the furniture, not to remove the furniture, not to wear the furniture. At all times to allow the mercenaries to inspect the furniture. To p-iy the instal- ments regularly, and if one is missed to forfeit the furniture and all the moneys you may hate paid, that is to say, although you might have paid £l9 on £2) worth of furniture, but missed the last payment by a single day, the vultures could empty your house and stick to the £l9 paid, as well as the furniture. Other conditions such as permission to break open forcibly night or day, the outer and inner doors of your house, in order to take away the goods, and above all, that no matter how badly and wickedly they may treat you that you undertake not to resort to legal proceedings. Be warned in time, have nothing to do with easy payment or hire system. If you require assistance go to Mr. W. H. Worsley, " The Pantheon," Gaythorne, Manchester, the largest House Fur- nisher in the North, who will treat you tt itli con=ideratiou, sell you goods at the lowest cash price, and, if required, allow you time to pay for them, charging you 10 per cent over Invoice price for the convenience.

For instance Mr. Worsley has several HOUSES OF FUR- NITURE on view at £l5 158., £2O. £25, £3O, £5O, £lOO, all at the lowest cash price, and not a penny less. Any of the above supplied subject to credit, upon 10 per cent being added to the amount. Particulars post free.

GREAT BARGAINS AT WORSLEY'S.—DRAWING- ROOM SUITE complete, solid walnut, cost £4O, price for quick sale £9 cash, £9 18s. credit. with CAbinet, 2 Tables, Overmantle, Carpet, Fender, and Brasses, &c.

Heavy Dining-room Suite, complete, in Mahogany, uphol- stered in Ottoman Cloth, c,pst E,40 new, the whole lot for £ll 10s., with Side Board, Dining Table, 0 vermantle, and Coal Vase to match; also a Persian Carpet and Hearthrug. Magnificent Bedroom Suite: Large size Wardrobe, plate- glass, Centre door, wings for hanging, Dressing Table, Wash- stand. 'Three chairs and Rail, polished „ ten guineas complete with heavy brass Persian Bed Curtains, Mat- tress, &c., all to match. Ten per cent added for credit. Note the following bargain :—Cnmplete House of Furniture, mainly second-hand, for £2O cash; £22 if by deferred pay- ments. Consists of a heavy sitting-room suite in leather, couch, two easy chairs and four single theirs. dining table, mahogany sideboard, Persian cirpet and hearthrug, brass fender, brass fire appliances, cornice and curtains, and pictures. The kitchen has a substantial dresser, chairs, arm chair, rocking chair, table, fender and fireirons hearthrug, oilcloth, &c. The bedroom is furnished with bedroom suite, chairs and rail, chamber service, brass mounted bedstead, patent wire spring mattrees, Shetland wool overlay, holster and two pillows, carpet, and fender. The stairs and the landing are fitted with carpets, brass rods, Ste. The hall or lobby is fitted with oilcloth, braes clip, three mats and a cocoa mat. The above forms the most compact, convenient lot ever offered. Other lots, £25, £3O. £35, £4O, and £5O, equally cheap; particulars sent on application. Every article guaranteed for five years, exchanged if not approved.

WONSLEY'S "THE PANTHEON," GAYTHORN,

MANCHESTER.

Hours of business 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. .

===== 0002601_18941013_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
A MOST NUTRITIOUS AND INVIGORATING'

BEVERAGE.

Made by the Simple Addition of Boiling Water.

At a Cost within thereach of all.

11. LITTLE STANHOPE-ST.. MAYFAIR. W

GEDDES'S DANDELION C OFFER

The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canister 5d., 10d., and 1.. 8d each. Wholes tie by 3. GEDDEB & Stmt. Warrin4l,ton.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
Publitations.

- "HOW TO ENSURE HEALTH."—A medical work giving Prescriptions and Instructions for the cure of all kinds of Debility : post free, two stsmps.—Address Dr. BARNES, 48, Lonsdale Square, Barnsbury, London, N.

LADIES' HANDY ILLUSTRATED GUIDE. BY a LADY DOCTOR.

_ Free, two stamps. MADAME A. E. LILY, Colston-at.,, Bristol. Invaluable information and blessing to womankind.

AGOOD PLAN.—The safest. best and quickest way to, make money by Stocks and Shares is fully explained in Thirteenth annual edition of Explanatory Book sent pest free. Full of valuable Information.—Address GEORGE EVANS . and Co., Stockbrokers, 24, Queen Victoria-st., London, E.G.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
FREE TO MEN. _ .

When you are tired of taking. na—useo-u.s. and mysterious , prescriptions and compounds, winch do you nogood, but only ruin Tour digestive organs, write-to me and I will send you a book which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN care for lost strength, wasting weakness, &C., from whatever cause arising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE. NO ELECTRIC- ITY. Semt in envolope on receipt of two stamps for postage A. .r. LEIGH. 92-93, Groat Russell-street. London, W.C.

RAPHAEL'S ALNIANAC FOR 189.5.

Contains Hints to Farmers and Gardens; Birthday In- formation for every clay of the year; the Fate of any Child born during 1895. When to Buy, Sell, Court. Marry, Set Fowls, Seek Employment, Sign Contracts, Ask Favors, Hire Servants, Deal vi ith Others, Speculate, Travel, Remove, &e., &c. Weather & general Predictions; Farming & other Tables, &c. 116 pages, Prices 6d. post free 7d. Foulsbarri & Co.. 4, Pilgrim St., Ludgate Hill, R.C., Lows... *ad LIITRWATE, Warrillgtoll and all stationers. -

===== 0002601_18941013_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

A COOKING SCHOOL.—Matrimony. "Taken from the French "—Alsace and Lor- tsine. The things that go without saying must have escaped feminine attention. THE charity which begins at home is often so discouraged that it never goes farther. Waring: "Does your wife tell you everything?" Barfoot : " Well—er—she tries to." WHEN silence is broken, "the least said, the soonest mended." THE party who shakes the tree doesn't always get the most apples. A WORD to the wise is generally sufficient to get the adviser into trouble. THE man who won't see his own errors is playing with himself with loaded dice. A THING of beauty is a joy, while it remains in fashion. .

"THAT air is very familiar," said the musician as a gust of wind took his hat away. TIME has more lives than a cat. It can stand an indefinite amount of killing. CONSIDERING how little the bell knows, it is wonderful how much it has tolled.

STILL TIMID.—" I've never had the courage to get married." "Haven't, eh? What's your busi- ness?" "Oh, I'm only a lion tamer." THE man who is willing to wait for something to turn up is usually too blind to see it when it comes along. REMARKED by the hands of the chronometer: "We haven't any eyes, but i've're always on the watch, just the same." "AND where is your husband working now, Mrs. Smith?" "He ain't working—he's got a post in a Government Office." JOHNNY: "Pa, can you tell me what fame is ! " Pa: "Frame, Johnny, is what a man gets for being civil to newspaper men." THE- worst cases of incompatibility of temper occur when both parties have the same kind of temper, and plenty of it. "Do you admire Professor Svengali's playing ?" "Oh, immensely! He plays such good accompani- ments for conversation, you know.' • SOME men give one the impression that if they were pricked with a pin there would be nothing left of them. HicEs : "I am never able to find anything in this house." Mrs. Hicks: "Oh, yes, you are. You generally manage to find fault." ACTRESS: " Don't'you think woman can do a deal toward elevating the stage?" Johnnie: "No! but—yes, she can lower her hat." How SHE KNEW.—Bridegroom "When did my darling first discover that she loved me ?" Bride (sweetly) : "When I found myself getting mad every time any one called you a fool." A HAMPSTEAD poet writes: "Why do I sit here in the gloaming ? ' We give it up. Did you step on an orange peel! JUDGE (to prisoner) : "Have you anything to add to your defence?" "No, my dear judge. Dispose of me as if it were your own case. • SHE THOUGHT IT SUPERFLUOUS.—An Irishwoman from an agricultural district seeing fish being washed for the first time in her life, very naïvely remarked that she thought it a useless operation to wash fish in water, seeing that they had lived in the water all their life! PUTTING IT NICELY.—Mr. Steckstein (presenting bill) : " Goot morning, Mr. Paynon. 1 came to tell you there's lots of people talking about you. They say you're a cheat, a liar, und t ief, und you don'd pay your bills. But I said, 'No, Mr. Paynon is an honourable gentlemans, und pays his bills.' Now, vich is it ?' SWEET WOMAN's LOGlC.—Husband: "Don't you think that you are rather unreasonable to expect me to take you to a ball, stay awake until four o'clock, and then get up at eight to go to my work ?" Wife: "I may be a little unreasonable, but it's perfectly brutal of you to mention it." "HERE is the lovliest house coat that I bought for Tom, and he doesn't seem to care for it the least bit." "I can tell you how to make him value it above everything." "Oh, how ?" "Tell him that you've given it away to some poor man at the door. 'POMPEY'S Pll.LAR.—Planter : "That's a vicious looking mule you!ve got there, Pompey." Pompey: "Dat mewel, sah ? Dat mewel am one ob de wondahs ob the world." Planter: "One of the wonders of de world ?" Pompey: "Yes, sah. Dat mewel spilled me oaten de waggon yessirday." Planter: "Is that 'is,hy you call him one of the wonders of the world ?" Pompey: "Yes, sah ; Pompey's spiller, you know. Hah ! hah ! Gid 'long dar !" So SUDDEN !—They were climbing up the moun- tain-side, and coming to a steep place he deemed it proper to assist her, and, turning, said, "Please give me your hand." "Oh," she replied, with a blush, "this is so sudden! You must ask papa." AN hotel proprietor in a French town had a notice put up, "English, Spanish, German, Italian Spoken Here." An American came to the hotel and asked in very good French for the inter- preter. "There is not one," replied the host. "But," said the. American, pointing to the board, "you say all those languages are spoken." The -answer was unique. "Yes, sir, by the visitors." MRS. NEWRICH : "I want to look at some -statuary for my library." Dealer: "How would you like 'one of these marble busts of Shakespeare ?" Mrs. Newrich : "Send my a dozen of him, and show me what else you have." GREAT INDUCEMENTS.—" I am deeply gratified at your determination to join the church," said the Rev Dr. Thirdly to young Mr. Trivvet. "Might I ask what decided you to take that step ?" " Cer- tainly you may,' replied Trivvet. Dr. Talmage says there will be three women to one man there." BEST UPPER LEATHER.—The following sound advice occurs in an almanack : "If you wish to make a shoe of durable materials, you should make the upper leather of the mouth of a hard drinker; for that never lets in water." FADDISH.—McCorkIe : "Isn't Briggs naturally a lazy man?" McCrackle : "Not exactly lazy; but he seems to think it is very unhealthy to work between meals." RATHER ANClENT.—Habitual Drunkard: "I trust your worship will excuse me this time. It is my misfortune. I am a child of genius." Magistrate: "And what is your age ? " H. D. : "Forty-two years." Magistrate : "Then it is time you were weaned. You'll have to do fourteen days away from the bottle." GETTING IT OFF HIS MIND.—"Now, John," she said, persuasively, "you will try to do those few errands for me when you get down town." "Yes, indeed," he replied. "Don't put them off." " No. I make it a rule now, when I promise to do anything for you, to get it off my mind as quickly as possible ' "Yes," she answered, with a gentleness that relieved the sarcasm, "you do— by forgetting it." HAD HIM THERE.—Joker (to friend) : "As to that, my boy, one year I drank nothing but milk." Friend: "indeed ! I have known you a long time, but I don't remember that. What year was ib ? " Joker: "My first ! " IT is only guileless boyhood that vows he "will never do it again." Even when caught in the act, the full-grown man ot sound mind tries to prove that he didn't do it at all. THE DIGNITY OF ART. —John Crome, the landscape painter "Old Crome," as he is affectionately called—died in 1821. On the day of his death he charged his eldest son, who was sitting by his bed, never to forget the dignity of art. " Johnny, my boy," said be, '' paint, but paint for 'fame ; and if your subject is only a pig- stye, dignify, it, Johnny, dignify it. A SMALL boy was detected by a farmer up his cherry tree. When he had made the boy come down he began to lecture him on the sinfulness of his action. The boy answered indignantly, "how, you just count thm cherries over again before you insinuate that I stole any of them." PUTTING IN A GOOD WoRD.—A Devonian, lec- turing on temperance, ended his discourse thus: "And, finally, my friends, why should any of you drink ardent spirits? My son Toin has got as good cider as any in the country, at sixpence a quart." As ASPIRATED PUZZLE.—Traveller (relating ad- venture) : "And the boat's screw being disabled, we were compelled to lay to." Listener: "Par- don me, did I understand you to say the boat's screw, or the boat'ri crew ?" Traveller (indig- nantly) : "I said the boat-screw. Is that plain enoufih ?" Listener: "Oh. yes ; thanks."

===== 0002601_18941013_art0008.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18941013_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
CAPITAL" CHAT.

It seems just a little maladroit to empliaise too strongly the fact that the genial "Autocrat of the Breakfast Table," who has just died in the fulness of days at Boston, was born in the same year as Mr. Gladstone, but by a fortunate coincidence, any ill-omened suggestiveness attributable to this re- minder is blunted by simultaneous news from Australia that the " Grand Old Man " of Melbourne has lived ten years beyond the age reached by Mr. Gladstone and Dr. Wendell Holmes. The birth of Dr. Macartney, Dean of Melbourne, takes us back to the last century. In six years more he would have seen the outgoing of the -old century, whose incoming he also witnessed. Although Dr. Macartney could not exactly look upon Mr. Glad- stone and Dr. Wendell Holmes as mere boys, ten years to an octogenarian makes a large difference, and we may well hope that Mr. Gladstone may fol- low his example of longevity rather than that of Dr. Holmes. The "Autocrat " is understood to have, spent his declining years in preparing his reminis- cences, and as his fame and loveableness attracted to him every notable person who at any time got within reach of Boston there should be a very entertaining bock in store.

A daring scheme is being matured for giving a new basis to the Londen coal trade, ostensibly as much in the interests of consumers as in those of coal owners. Instead of many firms competing against each other, it is proposed to unite them all in one trust under the title of the London Coal Commissioners, who would be a semi-Government body, arranging the whole trade of London and dealing directly with coal owners and consumers. It is calculated that a capital of a million would be required to purchase existing interests.but the pro- moters maintain that the citizens of London would be able to buy their coal in future at rates nearer in accord with those of more favoured localities— namely, at about thirty per cent. less than present prices. The large coal owners in the Midlands and the North are understood to be enthusiastic over it. Of course an Act of Parliament would be required, and every point in the scheme would be subject to very free criticism. The project is expected to see the light in detailed form in a very few days.

I had a curious experience in the Strand on Sun- day night. While walking eastwards, I noticed three gentlemen coming towards me. One, a tall man, dropped his umbrella, and another of the three picked it up with the exclamation, " Ah, monseigneur !" The speakers were the Due d'Orleans and M. Dupuy. The third man I did not recognise. To this state has the French Monarchy come—that its representatives may walk unheeded and hardly recognised on a Sunday evening in one of the busi- est streets of London, and this, too, at the moment when those amusing masqueraders, the English Jacobites,are boasting of swelling adhesions to their cause, and are fancying themselves fine fellows in toasting "The Queen over the Water." The fallen umbrella in Fleet-street reduces to very matter of tact dimensions the flamboyant talk of Jacobite clubs as to the prospects of the glorious cause of tegitimacy, whether in England, France, or Spain.

The Rev. Hugh Price Hughes will not return to town for some little time, but his friends here do not seem to attach much importance to the re- port that he contemplates abandoning his well- known work in West Central London. and under- taking a position in connection with the Wesleyan Missionary Society. Mr. Price Hughes is so ardently devoted to the mission of which—in con- junction with Mr. Mark Guy Pearse—he has had charge for several years that it is considered un- likely he will allow any but the most pressing con- siderations to induce him to withdraw from it.

The objections raised by certain London justices of the peace to the payment of five guineas as an "installation" fee have induced Mr. Asquith to fix the charge for the future at two guineas, and to cause the balance of three guineas to be refunded to those magistrates who have already paid the fee. This, however, is not considered satisfactor3, and on Tuesday the London County Council passed a resolution urging the abolition of the charge, on the ground that it puts a serious obstacle in the way of poor men accepting nomination to the magisterial bench.

Mr. Windsor, who is possibly one of the best known of Chinese merchants, has been in this country for a holiday, and sailed on Wednesday on his return. He has had twenty-six years experience of the Celestial Empire, and speaks the language. It is his steamers which carry on the coasting trade of Dhina, and he is a persona grata to the Viceroy, Li Hung Chang. Speaking of the war, he tells me that he has every confidelice in Chinese resources to recover the disasters of the present conflict, and that in the end not China, but Japan, will suffer. The Chinese he regards as a much misunderstood race, and confirms the impression that the war will begin a new epoch in the history of China. Defeat will have an effect which victory would not have had, and he believes we shall see the Chinese advancing towards Western civilisation as rapidly as the Japanese have done. The end, he is certain is not yet. Unless Japan strikes at once, she will be too late. In a fortnight the winter will have set in, and ice will close the ports of the Gulf of Pechili. This will give the Chinese time to refit their fleet, and meet the Japanese at sea on equal tern- s once more with much experience gained.

For the first time in history the population of the United Kingdom is greater than that of France. It is computed that at the present moment there are in the British Isles one hundred thousand more people than there are in France. During the cen- tury the population of France has increased by ten millions; that of the United Kingdom by twenty millions. In addition to that we have in those ninety years colonised Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, and other spots which in another ninety years will become mighty nations. The now steady decrease in the population of France is not accompanied by any colonisation whatever.

The Rev. John McNeil,whose services in the Dutch Reformed Church a few months ago attracted large congregations appears to have created something of a sensation in Melhourne. The Argus of that city, referring to Mr. McNeil's services says :—" Mel- bourne is witnessing just now a curious social phenomenon. A preacher who, though well-known is scarcely to be described as famous, and who has no pretensions to shining scholarship or startling novelty of views, is conducting a series of meetings and the largest buildings in the city are too small for the crowds which are attracted. The church were Mr. lcN all is about to conduct a service, even at the busiest hour of a week-day, resembles noth- ing so much as a besieged city.

The heir to the earldom, Mr. Albert Grey, is now in his 43rd year, and is a nephew of the deceased earl. He has not had much experience of public life. He did not enter upon a political career until his 27th year, when he contested South Northum- berland in the Liberal interest at a by-election. He stood at the head of the poll ; but two of the votes given for him were rejected, and this led to the double return of himself and his opponent,in conse- quence of an equality of votes. Both caneidates took seats in the House, but Mr. Grey ultimately retired in order to try his luck at the impending general election. His good fortune gave him an overwhelmning majority, and the brief taste of ,! Parliamentary life which he then experienced con- stitutes the whole of his political record. Joining the Liberal Unionists at the next e!ection, he lost his seat, and has been living in political retirement ; since the great split of 1880 He has not, however, I quite withdrawn himself from public affairs, to some of which he has given much attention. His I Parliamentary career was too brief to permit him to make any mark in the 'House, but he can look back to a .satisfactory career at Cambridge, and the Uni- versity Extension question has enlisted his warmest 'interest since.

A man named Ravel!, his three sons, and a family of five persons living next door, have been killed at Iron- wood, Michigan, owing to the explosion of a piece of dynamite which Ravelt was attempting to thaw on a cooking stove. -

_ Mr. William Exley, a well-known Shin!ev gentleman. was on Tuesday morßing found dead on his bedroom floor under circumstances pointing to suicide with a gun. Deceased's brother was on the same day removed to a lunatic asylum.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
MOXON'S NURSERY BOON (unequalled for DESTROYING NITS, and PARASITES

in the HUMAN HAIR.) OF CHEMISTS and the PROPRIETOR, J. L. M 0 X 0 N, 252, PARK-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. Ed. and Is. per box. Post Free 7- and Is. Please mention this paper.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

DEAREST NELLIE, There is quite a rage for white pique ornaments on the jaskets of cloth and serge dresses, but I "lust warn you against the mistake that is some- Imes made of imagining that a single set may be Worn with a variety of costumes. This, however, Is not the case, unless all the jackets are made in precisely the same way, which is not very likely to happen. The piqué collars, revers, cuffs, false jackets, and walscoats must always follow the lines of those of the cloth costume; if worn under- neath, they must be a little wider and larger, so as to show a border of white ; if worn over, they must be a little smaller, the cloth or serge revers, etc., providing a dark border to the white pique ornaments. _ _ _

Again the Princetse robe and fanciful skirt has appeared, and one so admirable for promenade and visiting wear that I shall not be astonished if it meets with the approval it most certainly merits. The model I have seen is of dark green diagonal cloth, mounted over Manua-coloured Bengaline, but the colours may be what you will so long as you choose with discretion und blend them with skill.

Simple wraps for children are indispensable for autumn wear. The model of a loose straight coat which has been brought under my notice is not only piquant in style, but easily made at home. Self-coloured cloth with a smooth-faoe is suitable for the model, and any width from forty-six to fifty inches may be used, or less if thin material is used. Two and a-half widths are required for the full skirt portion. If the fronts are cut entire, three double widths are needed. No lining is necessary in the cloak, but a strip of canvas and a facing of silk make it strong and neater, and half a yard of silk is sufficient to face the front from the yoke, if cut in strips, or one yard for yoke and fronts. The shape is suitable for girls of from four to 10 years.

I will describe a few of the charming specimens of novel bonnets submitted to me; two especially won my admiration with their charm of good taste and perfect style. One extremely becoming to a middle-aged matron, was round in shape and had a low crown, the brim curving slightly upwards in the centre of the front, drooped to either side over half-concealbd roses placed squarely in the front. This bonnet was in black beaver, lined with a lovely shade of pale golden-tan felt, the crown encircled with a coronet of very small black ostrich tips upstanding, and a high group at the left Bide; the tie was of broad glace ribbon fastened beneath the chin in a square bow. Another, equally stylish, displayed a decided novelty in the straw- plait of strands of narrow satin and chenille whereof the brim was formed, in over-lapping, pill. like rows, into a most becoming outline, raised in front with a rosette of black satin, and a fan. shaped decoration of little feather tips, at each side of the jet crown terminating in loops of satin ribbon with strings of the slime. A handsome osprey was raised at one side of the front. Another hat was of black felt bound with velvet, and trimmed with black plumes and large paste buckle.

Braiding is in high favour at the moment, and a capital example I have seen has a bodice of red cloth completely coversd with a find hand braid- ing, with a " military curl" of broad,T braid set in the centre in a shape which would prove most becoming to the figure. The e'eaves and skirt of this are of the cloth, and at the hem of the latter appears a nE,rro-x band r=f the red cloth outlined with the braid which takes bare and there the "military curl" again, whiie the former, which are wide and full at th,) top, ate caught in fiat pleats from elbow to wrest with a row of the nar- row braid, and at the waist and neck a black satin ribbon is tries to form a pleasing finish. Yours lovingly, J EN NIE.

MUCH BETTER THAN STEEL AND PENNYROYAL

OTTETS UNLABELLED

STRONG FEMALE PILLS. quickly and Certainly remove all obstructions arising from any cause whatever. InValuable for married women. Post free, under cover for 14, and 33 stamps. from

THOMAS OTTEY, Chemist. BURI 0 ki-01121 RR T Please mention this paper

i -. ' ... \ • "-->;\ , • ' -. .' / . • # ' - A' ( t , -, • .*,,,12", - .;',„Nkt 2)//77//i iiiii iii / / / li( •, 4,4 •i,.,,, . it,...11 t! 4 ri,"kt rIL,,/,,,// A 41 griliiii .44 '' ';'," a. ii // //fr, ,//70/,/ii.l;•.-A' o,vl/ 1ifi,),,,/il,/i/yeffb.l4,--.•4./, \ -1,,\,• ,•., „," 1, 1,,',,,z,vi .:.,),1,-.::,t0„,,,,ii. I, • -,,;, ' h 4, m‘; '-•,;`,..:,;., 1 1 V ~, , , ,_d .•( / / / /0 # - 0. io, . y e...,....... ,!. t 0 /. . ...-, ~... ,i,. ~....:...

skv,,toik ..........., p-- t 7 ._------ • 7,e-‘ / *. 1, at , ill i ii If r , 'E II I •II f• ' / •:r . t N,.. : /- J - • 7 • , 1 , ./ \ I 1 ' 4,41, •';.:-.:.. j.-...j..

,77........., ts t , '4.:1140e • 4 ---• 14Zr ' I, ......- ',... / 4„.: A ..., •-• -4, , . ' 1 yri: kVa • .... ~ •... ~ r - tr • , --..,-* \ k rii,r7-. '..-'•4.7 , ' 4Z. .V, . • ....1. 1. *t. Z -St.\ ' alf) : ;It, 4 ! 05. • ...iit )e..„;,,,i, ,1.,:,.....7.7, _ '4\ 4 ..hr, . 5„...c....„. v.., MM. • % '4.3. ..... .., , • ..• 4.0. 1 ..7 .'''' --- e 'i,•-',..:`•7f1.a. ------S-',-t_--' -

===== 0002601_18941013_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER. SATURDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1894. THE DOUBLE LIFE OR, THE HAMPTON MYSTERY, By the Author of " DAUSWOOD "

Teresita Canzio, the daughter of Garibaldi, is writing a life of her father. _

A Peculiar disease of the will is said to be becoming very common on the Continent. The sufferer is unable to cross any open space, like a city square. The telegraph companies of Australia suffer a great loss every year from the fact that t,he natives have a special fondness for bracelets and earrings made of tele- graph wire. Parrots are put to a practical test in Germany. 'I hey, it is said, have been introduced into the railway stations and trained to call out the name while the trains stands there, and thus save people the trouble of making enquiries. The Dowager Duchess of Newcastle has taken a house near the Roman Catholic Church of the English Martyrs on Tower-hill, where she will be able more effectually to carry en her social work among the poor of the East-end. Her Grace, with other ladies, will take up her residence there shortly. In every apartment used by the Queen, not even ex- cluding the dining-room, there is always an inkstand for her Majesty's convenience, in case of emergency pro- vided with a fresh quill and pen. For ordinary continu- ous correspondence, however, the Queen prefers a steel nib, although the " Victoria R," with the nice little smudge underpeath, is, of course, tbe work of a quill. Madame Tolstoi is a remarkable woman, who received a diploma from the Moscow University at the age of seventeen, was married when she was eighteen, and her husband twenty years older, and is now, after thirty- one years of married life, the mother of nine living children, and her husband's potent aid in his literary labours. Until her children are ten years old she makes all their clothes. She copies and re-copies her husband's manuscript, a task of which the difficulty is increased by the self-invented shorthand in which Count Tolstoi sets down his compositions.

CHAPTER XXXITT. THE TWO SUITORS.

When lovers meet in adverse hour, 'Tis like a sun-glimpse through a lower, . .

A watery ray an instant seen, Then darkly closing clouds between. Scan.

The afternoon was declining on the day subse- quent to that on which occurred Lord Grosvenor's visit to Lord Adlowe. Giralda had wandered away from Trevelyan Park, and from the society of ths fond old marquis, and stood leaning against the fence inclosing the large shrubbery, looking wist- fully up and down the road, with a vague expectancy in her glances. She was pale and troubled and thoughtful. She had' not heard from Lord Gros ienor since his de- parzure, and fears for his safety, mingled with her anxieties for her parents, tortured her soul almost beyond endurance. "Oh, Paul! Paul 1" she murmured. "If I have involved you in the trouble of our family—if I have brought down on your head the hatred of our en shall never forgive myself !" She choked back a sob, and strove hard to main- tain hr calmness.

It was at this juncture that the sound of a hors,)'s hoofs on the stony road caught her attention. She opened the little wicket-gate, and half advanced into the road.

-- Do You Like Bloaters?

"It is Paul !" she rmurnured, her face becoming transfigured with light and joy. "It is surely Paul !"

If so, the way to get the freshest and best is by writ- ing to Messrs. Pleasance and Co., 64, Admiralty Road, Great Yarmouth, who make a speciality of them. The best material only is used in the curing of these bloaters, viz. :—oak billett, which gives them the delicious flavour so common in the olden time. The bloaters themselves can only be said to be in their prime from September to the middle of December. Yarmouth is famed, not only for its bloaters, but for its herrings; both commodities being sent out in boxes, at a low price, to all parts of the country.

She drew back a little into the shadow, nearly closing the gate, until she was assured beyond the possibility of a doubt that the advancing horseman was no other than her young lover. Then she shyly opened the gate again, and stood revealed to the new-comer, blushing and half con- fused. with great glowing eyes looking like wells of love.

Lord Grosvenor saw her, galloped towards her, and hastily dismounted, taking her trembling bands in both h.s own.

The "Flue." Influenza is a disease which occurs suddenly, and assumes the form of .an epidemic. It rarely stays in any particular town or city for more than a few weeks, and then passes on to fresh scenes. A recent epidemic is supposed to have passed from Chinese Tartary to Russia, Germany, Holland, England, Scotland, and finally America. What it is due to, or where it originates, or why it travels about in the eccentric manner, is says " Cassell's Book of the 'Household " not known. It is not a question of soil, for it attacks those who live on the hills just as frequently as those who dwell on the plains. It has no particular connection with the season of the year, and does not depend in any way on variations in temperature. It seems to have little to do with the prevalence of fogs or mists, or with barometric pressure, or the amount of ozone in the air. It attacks not only men, women, and children, but also dogs, horses, and cats. It generally begins with the symptoms of an ord- inary cold in the head, and if the patient is not on the alert he may not suspect the real nature of his attack. In a few hours, however, he begins to experience an in- crecible sense of languor and weakness, which quickly incapacitates him from exertion of all kinds. He not only cannot get about, but he feels as if he could hardly lift a finger. He lies on the sofa during the day, goes to bed early, and gets up very late. His skin is hot and dry, tha pulse is quick,there i§ some cough and wheezing about the chest, and there may be persistent vomiting or diarrhcea. This condition lasts a week or more ; and even when the symptoms of the acute attack have passed off, the prostration is still very great, and may not be entirely recovered from for several months. Bronchitis--or, at all events, bronchial cataarh—is not at all an uncommon accompaniment, and this naturally increases the gravity of the illness.

He looked so b.ight and joyous at seeing her that Gin.lda's heart leaped, and she forgot for a moment ad her griefs and anxieties. She let her hands remain in his close, warm clasp, she let her head droop to his breast, and she listened in a sort of delicious trance to the Words of love and tender- ness that sprang impulsively from his lips and heart.

Suddenly she started, her anxieties returcing in full force.

"You have been to The Evergreens, Paul ?" she said, lifting her head. "You have warned my father?"

"Yes, Giralda. I made all possible haste, and arrived at The Evergreens in the evening. Your mailer was there. Lord Adlowe had just de- parted from the house, and had seen your parents together, and had penetrated the disguise of your • father."

Giralda uttered a low, startled cry, and trembled as with an ague. "My father is lost, then 1" she moaned. "He is lost !''

"Not' so, Criralda," said her lover, tenderly. "We acted promptly. We sent your father away immediately in the pony-carriage to catch the ex- press train at a distant station, and at this moment he is, with Rupert, at a small house of mine in a secluded region where his presence will excite no remark, and where it will puzzle even Lord Ad- lowe's detective to discover him."

'

Giralda breathed m.)re freely. "Thank Heaven, and you, Paul !" she murmured, under her breath. "And my mother ?" "I escorted her back to London yesterday morning. She is at Hampton House. I told her of my love for you, Giralda, and she has allowed me to assist her in her trials. Poor Lady Bea- trice ! She has need of true and trustworthy friends."

"Poor mamma !" sighed Giralda. "Her troubles are all the harder that they must be borne in se- cret."

"-She will go into the country this week," said Lord Grosvenor. "She has been sorely tried of late, and can scarcely bear the noise of the town." _ _ _

"-And Fay?" questioned Giralda. "You have not mentioned him, Paul. Does he stay alone at The Evergreens—dear little Fay?" The young lord hesitated. He could not bear to pierce this tender, loving soul with the ill news he had brought. He had intended to keep from her the fact of Fay's disappearance, but when she raised to his her wondrous blue eyes, so honest, fearless, and truthful, and seemed to look into his very soul, he could not do otherwise than tell her.

"Be brave, Giralda," he said, gathering her closer to his breast. "When Lord Adlowe went away from The Evergreens, he took Fay with II Giralda repeated the words, as if unable to com- prehend their meaning. Then, as their full import burst upon her, she reeled, and would have fallen but for his lordship's tender support.

"Lord Adlowe has taken Fay away !" she said, as if dazed and bewildered. Poor little Fay! What does he want of Fay, Paul? What will he do with him ?" "You know that Adlowe stands in a critical place," said Lord Grosvenor. "He has discovered at last that he is not likely to inherit the Trevelyan estates, for which he has schemed all his life. He has discovered that his love for the Lady Beatrice Hampton was all worse than wasted. He has expensive tastes, without the means to gratify them. He is too much a stranger in official circles to seek an appointment or a foreign mission, even if his abilities fitted him for such a position. In short, Giralda, his life has been misspent and idled away in foolish pleasures; and now, at forty, he has nothing in himself, nothing of his own! His only hope is to marry a rich heiress. And i that heiress he has found n you, darling, while your beauty, your innocence, and your intelligence have charmed him. He has turned from the Lady Beatrice to you, and I believe that he loves you as much as he is capable of loving. His love for the Lady Beatrice has turned to hatred. You refused him, and I do not doubt that he expects to compel you to marry him, through your love and pity for your little brother !" "Do you think he will harm Fay ?" asked Gir- alda, in a hushed voice. "I do not mean that he shall get the chance," replied Lord Grosvenor cheerfully. "I shall have him watched, and we shall, no doubt, easily track out the little fellow. Have no anxieties, Giralda. All will soon be well !" His bright confidence went far to reassure Gir- alda. She had great faith in his ability to rescue Fay, remembering how he had twice rescued her- self from perils even worse than that threatening her brother. "I will not be greatly troubled, Paul, since you have undertaken his rescue," she said. "But poor mamma! He is her darling—her youngest child 1 I ought to go to her, to comfort her—" "Your best place is here, Giralda," declared her lover, as she paused, with a sudden but st of tears. a Providence sent you here to soften tnat old man's heart to his wronged nephew. Since I have seen your father, Giralda, my confidence in his in- noCence of that terrible charge has become a posi- tive certainty! lie is a grand man, darling—a man incapable of crime. I love him already. How could Lord Trevelyan credit such a charge against him? The circumstantial evidence must have been black indeed How the marqu;s must have loved him, to hate him as he does now !"

"Re did love him as even fathers seldom love !" said Giralda. " I think sometimes that, under all his wrath and bitterness and hatred, he loves him yet. If I can serve mother better here, I will stay, Uncle Trevelyan loves me, and can scarcely bear T-ne to leave his sight. And I love him, Paul. How I wish that papa am:l mamma, and Rupert and Fay, were all here, to share his afrection and to brighten his last days. He is noble and tender, despite all his faults. Paul. I fear that there will never be any reconciliation between papa and his uncle," she added, sorrowfully. "If my uncle were to die, and I sear he will in one of his awful fits of rage, and papa wer, to come forward to succeed him, people would believe that old charge, and say that papa had been in hiding; all tnese years. That would be worse than now, Pagl. Papa's ,Jan e could never be cleared then."

hope for the best," said the young lord, encouragingly. "And you will stay here and use your influence to soften Lord Trevelyan's heart, Giralda. I Will go back to town, to comfort and assist the Lady Beatrice, and to search for Fay. You shall hear from me daily. Your father and Rupert are safe for the present. They can be got out of the country, when necessary, at a mo- ment's notice. The Lady Beatrice will be down at Hamptonwold," he added, "very soon, and you can ride over and visit her daily. She will be but nine mijee frQ= here." -114 iftUNZ bum leaning mind ti t Visa&

===== 0002601_18941013_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOOTING BY RUNCORN VOLUNTEERS.

GOLD MEDAL COMPETITION.

In c onnection with the Runcorn Rifle Club of the vol- unteers the eighth and final Gold Medal Competition for 1894 took place on Saturday afternoon at Runcorn Heath. The scoring was as follows: Rank and Names 200 500 600 Pts. To yds. yds. yds. Alld. tel. Sergt. W. H. Harvey 34 ... 29 ... 31 ... ... 94 Private J. Houghton 33 ... 25 ... 29 ... ... 87 Sergeant J. A. Rushton 29 ... 31 ... 27 ... ... 67 Sergeant W. Nield Band-Sergeant J. Gittens Private J. Edwards 2B ... 30 ... 22 ... ... 80 Sergeant W. Cooper 3O ... 24 ... 22 ... ... 76 Private C. Glover 2B ... 22 ... 20 ... 1 ... 71 Private J. Sadler Private S. D. Matthews 29 ... 9 ... 10,... 20 ... 63 -

===== 0002601_18941013_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
THE BRENNAN TORPEDO.

Mr. Brennan, the inventor of the torpedo, began life as a watchmaker in Australia, and at once developed a genius for invention. from first to last this torpedo, which has proved so profitable to him, cost him eighteen years of hard work. The torpedo was sold to the British Government for one hundred and fifty thousand pounds and to insure the secret of the mechanism being kept, each portion of this engine of destruction is made in a different shop, the workmen are searched on entering; and leaving the building, and Mr. Brennan and his part- ner are the only persons who fix the torpedo together ready for working.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
WHERE THEY FEAR NO CO AL STRIKE.

The district of B tku, on the western shore of the Caspian Sea, is says" Little Folks," so rich in oil that the natives make use of it for all sorts of househ,,ld pur- poses. If a small cane, whose top is c wered with clay to, protect it from catching fire, be stuck into the ground for a few inches, and a light be applied, a flame of natural gas will at once issue. In many of the huts, which are merely built upon the bare earth. this is the usual means of obtaining both light and heat. A kettle or pot on a stand, placed over two or three of these cane Sets, will soon boil water or cook food. It need hardly be said that Baku is the centre of a large trade in naphtha.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOCKING ATTACK UPON A. LADY.

Tha story of a shocking crime comes from Achill Island. About three miles from Dugort, in Blacksod Bay, Mrs. M'Donnell, said to be the wife of a London barrister, lived alone in what is described as a "county mansion " known as Achill Valley House, and formerly occupied by the Earl of Caven. She is also the owner of a small estate in the district. On Saturday night her house was set on fire by an incendiary, and Mrs. M`Donnell in trying to make her escape was attacked, according to her statement,by a man named Lynchehan, who was, or formerly had been, her agent, but with whom some unpleasantness had arisen. She was shame- fully maltreated, her skull being beaten in by a heavy stone, and she states that Lynchehan attempted to throw her into the flames. Mrs. M‘Donnell is not ex- pected to recover. Her supposed assailant has been arrested.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
SERVANTS' CHARACTERS.

A good housekeeper would never think of engaging a servant without a character, and she would want that reference from a genuine source, now we (The Homocea Co.)do not ask the British public to take us on our own statement but we publish testimonials such as no proprietor of Patient Medicines has .ever received ; simply because no remedy has ever done the WORK of HONIOCEA, for it "TOUCHES THE SPOT."

THE HON. Mrs. THOMPSON desires to testify the great value cf " Homocea " as a cure for Neuralgia, ha,v- ing received great benefit from using it; Mrs. Thompson therefore has great pleasure in strongly recommending it, and in allowing' her testimony to be publically used. —Acksvorth Moor Top,Pontefract. Hillside, Bracknell, Berks.

LADY KEANE has much pleasure in recommending " Homocea" as an invaluable remedy for Rheumatism, Cuts, Bruises, Piles, Sprains, &c.; she thinks so highly of it that she would not be without it in the house, as it kas entirely cured her of Rheumatism and other ail- ments.

The Rev. J. WILLIAM S. BUTCHER, 35, Park Road, East, Birkenhead, writes :—" I have great pleasuro in complying with your request and in putting in writing what I have already said by word of mouth. I was much inconvenienced by a very irritating species of eczema. Several remedies that I have tried failed to give me more than a very temporary relief. I finally tried Homocea,' with happiest results. The relief was almost instantaneous,and, what is more to the point, the soothing effect remained, and a complete cure resulted. —Yours truly, J. WILLIAM BUTCHER." "Hoylake. Dear Sirs,—l want to thank you for that wonderful preparation, ' Homocea,' which we use for about everything ; but lately my little girl had a had ringworm en the head, and my doctor said her hair would have to be cut close. But I preferred using the Homocea,' and in f our days it was quite well, and the doctor said I ought to give you a testimonial,and I think so too.—Yours truly, M. ALDRED." All wholesale houses stock HOMOCEA. It can be ob- tained from Chemists and others at is. 1-12-d. or 2s. 9d. per box, or will be sent by post for is. 3d. and 3s. from the wholesale agency, 27, Hamilton Square, Birken- head.

Sold in the neighbourhood by J. R. YOUNG, SANKEY- STREET, WARRINGTON ; by the executors of the late ISAAC SPEAKMAN, BRIDGE-STREET PHARMACY, RUN- CORN ;J. H. WESTON, DEVONSHIRE BUILDING, RUN- CORN ; and by E. BOOTEI, 5, CHESTER BRIDGE, CREWE, (3)

===== 0002601_18941013_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
gaze, continued to talk of thelT loved ones and or themselves, and the young lord spoke of his love and his hopes, and Giralda listened shyly, every word of his a balm to her heart.

"I must go !" Paul exclaimed at last, marking the fading sunset. "I will not go in to see Lord Trevelyan, as I am only on my way home from Trevelyan stition. I intended to see you, how- ever' Giralda, before going home. I shall go back to London by the morning train, and shall call at the Park as I go. One word more, darling. I thought that Lord Adlowe, all muffled, was on the train, but when I looked more narrowly for him I could not find him. Be careful of yourself. He may mean you harm." Giralda promised, and Lord Grosvenor walked with her through the shrubbery, pausing in the shadow of the trees fringing the lawn, to say good- by. There was a tender lingering embrace, a soft shower of kisses on the girl's sweet face, a last word, and then the young lord tore himself away, hastening back to his house. Giralda stood where he had left her until the ring of hoofs told her that he had indeed departed, and then she turned back into the shrubbery, unwilling to trust her blushing cheeks and shining eyes under the obeservation of the keen-eyed marquis. She walked along a narrow path full of twilght shadows, and sat down on a rustic bench encircling a large pine. She had scarcely done so when a figure stalked out of the neighbouring gloom—the figure of Lord Axllowe !

Giralda sprang up at sight of him with a stifled cry—he looked so dark and fierce and desperate. "Sit down 1" he said, hoarsely, waving her back to the bench. "I have seen the Count and Countess of Arevalo face to face—have visited them at their suburban retreat, The Evergreens. I have discovered that the Spanish Count' is no other than Geoffrey Trevelyan in disguise, and that you Miss Giralda, as I suspected, are really and truly the grandniece of the doting old marquis, whom you have so cleverly befooled." Giralda made no reply to this speech, but shrank back, her eyes dilating with iinreasing terror.

"Ah I see that you are already informed of Any visit to your parents I" exclaimed Adlowe. "Did Lord Grosvenor, whom I saw on the train, also tell you that I have assumed the charge of your little brother' and that Fay is safely hidden where he will not be found until I choose to give him up?" Giralda's pale face and terrified eyes answered for her better than words could have done. "Then," said Adlowe, roughly, "you can thoroughly comprehend the situation, Miss Trevel- yan. The Marquis may die, and you will inherit his spare money, while your father will claim the title and entailed property. Cleverly planned! But so long as little Fay is missing your cup of *joy will have an infusion of bitterness. All the gold and honours will not bring balm to the heart of the Lady Beatrice—" "Oh, Lord Adlowe 1" interrupted Giralda, in a whisper. "What are you going to do with Fay? Do you want money for him ?" "Yes, and a wife !" said Adlowe, grimly. "I have wasted my best years in a sentimental devo- tion to the Lady Beatrice Hampton. Her daughter must recompense me. On the day that you be- come my Wife little Fay shall be restored to his mother.'

" Oh ! I cannot! I cannot !" exclaimed Giralda, wringing her hands. "But you shall !" cried Adlowe, his eyes gleam- ing fierily. "I am not to be balked again by a feeble girl! lam a desperate man! Defeated in my expectations of heirship—made a mock of by the lady I loved—a poor, penniless adventurer, after all my grand schemes—l will not endure it! I will retrieve myself! You, Miss Giralda, shall be my stepping-stone to wealth. Refuse me'again at your peril ! He hissed the last sentence, bestowing upon her the look of an infuriated demon.

Giralda thought of flight, but her limbs were for the moment paralyzed. She strove to command her thoughts, but chaos reigned in her soul. "I have taken my precautions well this time," said her enemy, and a serpent's cunning gleamed in his eyes. You escaped from the bluff cottage. You will never escape me again! I have too much at stake to risk another defeat. Give me your solemn promise to marry me, and I will permit you to return to the house; refuse me, and I shag take you away with me. Ihave a wagon waiting near for the purpose." "Not even to save my nearest and dearest ones can I marry you, Lord Adlowe !" cried Giralda, finding voice at last. "Heaven have mercy upon my persecuted family, since you will not !" "You refuse me, then ?" and Adlowe's eyes blazed with fury. "I warned you! Your fate be on your own head !" • He sprang toward her with a leap like a tiger. Giralda uttered a wild shriek of utter terror, and at that moment the bushes parted, and the old Marquis Trevelyan rushed into the cleared space and paused, looking from one to the other of the pair with surprise, scorn, hatred and inquiry. mingled in his gaze. (To be continued).

"Ys," she said, "I always ()Fey my husband, tut I have something to say about what his com- mands will be."

A POLITE " HELP."—A lady hired a Western country girl for a family "help," and was sur- prised to see her poke her head into the parlor one afternoon when visitors were present, and ask, "Marm, did you call just now? I thought 1 heard a yell."

DESAVING THE BASTE."—"I engaged," says a tourist, "a chaise at Galway to conduct me some few miles into the country, and had not proceeded far when it pulled up at the foot of a hill, and the Irish driver coming to the door, opened it. 'What are you at, man? This isn't where I ordered you to stop." Whisht, your honor! whisht ! 'said Paddy in an under-tone; I am only desaving the baste. I'll just burg the door; he'll think yer out; and then he'll cut up the hill like Old Scratch. See if he don't !' "

THE APOSTLE OF THE INDIANS.—John Eliot, the apostle of the Indians, sought his home in 1631 on the comparatively barren shores of New England, and then plunged into the dark forests in which the American Indians dwelt, to carry them the message of the Gospel. It took him twelve years to master there language, but with untiring energy he applied himself to his task, and succeeded in completing a translation of the Scriptures into their tongue. He was not preacher only, but the great social leader and civiliser of the Indians, and his power of conquering difficulties and carrying to successful issue whatever he undertook, even when opposed by overwhelming odds, entitles him to universal admiration. His was no spasmodic zeal, but a downright earnest love for the men whose interest he had at heart, and not until he had laboured among the Indians for fifty years did he relax his labours, and then only because he was no longer able to work. Half a century later, David Brainerd, inspired with a like zeal, buried himself in the wilderness, a solitary white man among wild tribes whose most coveted trophies were the scalps of their victims; dwelling now in a log hut, and now wandering through the forests and sleeping in the open air by a pinewood fire, kindled not only to keep off the damp, but to scare away the wolves that prowled around his bed; then up and away to tell in some wigwam the story of the Cross, or to arrest the progress of a savage tracking the steps of some beast of chase, with words of prayer. At length another fire than that of Christian zeal was burning in the young missionary. The intolerable fatigues, the night damps, and ex- cessive vigils had done their work on his tender frame, and at the age of twenty-nine he died of consumption, cheered by the knowledge that there were six other men ready to take up the work as he laid it down. _ _ _ _

===== 0002601_18941013_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
~• . , • • I 4 Z.' ; chettifilasy,olo&&

GIVE IZA`;E & COMPORT DIMING TEETHING. Pleasant, Co,ling Aperient- for Children of all Ages. Try them and prove their value for yourselves. iold everywhere in paeliets, Is. 10. and 2s. 9d.. or post free 14 or 34 stamps.

T. PRITCHARD. CHIWIST.

1,411M111111813:ili (late (Alurltou l(oad).

===== 0002601_18941013_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
A CASE FOR M. ZOLA.

The great French realist has lately brought into prominence his views on the Lourdes Miracles. M. Zola appears to say that all these cures are explicable on purely scientific grounds. He, then, would no doubt fully endorse the following " miracle," which is directly traced to scientific causes. A lady crippled and totally incapacitated for over eight years, and given over by the best medical skill as utterly hopeless, discarded her crutches, and recovered her health, under circumstances so striking that the " Midland Free Press" made a full enquiry as to the genuineness of the case. The story is v,auched for in every particular, and has been verifie.d by the most unsparing independent investigation. The patient (for this unlike most miracles, admits of chapter- and-verse verification) was Mrs. Cardwell, 6 Avenue- buildings, Cavendish-road, Aylestone-park, Leicester " Eight years ago last Christmas, I was compelled to go with crutches," she said " I couldn't use my legs at all I was in Leicester Infirmary nearly five years ago, was an out-patient afterwards for eight months, and an in- patient at Bristol Infirmary Hospital, also." She was in a perfectly helpless state, until one day she was induced to try the effect of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. That was about eight months ago, and the results have been aptly described as miraculous. She in:Tr:Ned from the first, and the paralysis in her legs be- gan to pass away. "I never wore a shoe for years," she said, "and now I can sit at my ease or move about freely. I was never warm but now I am comfortabla and well. My health is better every way. I could not go without crutches, but after taking Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for a time I could do without." Dr. Williams Pink Pills are genuine, and will produce these splendid results, only as manufactured by the Dr. Williams Medicine Com- pany, 46, Holborn-viaduct, London, at 23. 9d. a box, or six boxes 13s. 9d. Never sold in bulk, or by dozen or , hundred ; the box must be in a pink wrapper, bearing full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. A sure remedy for rheumatism, neuralgia, paralysis, loco- motor ataxy, St. Vitus' dance, nervous headache, sero- fula,chronic erysipelas, Suc. They restore colour to pale aid sallow complexions, and are specific for troubles peculiar to the female, while in men they oure in all cases arising from worry, overwork, or excess. Not a purga- tive.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW BOOKS, MAGAZINES, ETC.

MACMILLAN AND Co.—From these publishers we have another of the Cranford Series, viz.— " Coridon's Song and other verses," with illustra- tions from the pencil of Hugh Thompson. This last statement should be quite sufficient to draw all lovers of art into the meshes of a speculation for the purchase of " Coridon's Song, etc " A characteristic introduction by Mr. Austin Dobson gives an account of the various poems illustrated in this volume, and brings out incidentally much of the charm which belongs not only to them, but to their period. The volume is beauti- fully bound and can be had for the moderate sum of 63. —A new and complete edition of Lord Tennyson's works is just published. All the poems which the poet laur- . _ . .

eate wrote are embodied in this volume, inclusive of his last, "Crossing the Bar," which is so t3uchingly sug- gestive of his being conscious of "One clear call for me." Demeter, and the death of /none, are also included in the list of additions since the previous publication. An excellent vignetted engraving of the poet prefaces the book which is bound in green cloth and printed in light, clear, type on good paper, (price 7s. 6d.). We are also in receipt of "The Use of Life," by the right hon. Sir John Lubbock, Bart., M.P., who, as a standard writer will, no doubt, command the attention of every thinking man and woman. The volume abounds in apt quota- tions and proverbs, each one illustrating the author's ideas and sentiments. The opening chapters deal with the great question of "how to live," and in the first sentence he says "there is nothing men are so anxious to keep as life, and nothing they take so little pains to keep well." Religion, education, social life, money matters, and tact are some of the heads of his discourse, as it were, the whole commanding itself to our careful study and perusal. Valuable as the book is from a liter- ary point of view, it is cheap enough to bring it within the reach of all thoughtful readers. CASSELL AND CO.—The first part of a new volume of "Chums" is to hand and is in no way inferior to the

preceding publication. A great hit has now been made by the editor, who has secured the right to publish—of all things in the world—that wonderful story of Robert Louis Stevenson—" Treasure Island," of which in this number appear the first two chapters, with a capital picture of the well-remembered scene in which " The Captain," with drawn cutlass, is pursuing" Black Deg " from the doorway of the Admiral Benbow Inn, while the landlord's son, from whose pen this marvellous story is supposed to proceed, peeps out aghast upon the scene from behind the inn door. If " Chums " had wanted anything to make it go like wild-fire, this might have been thought enough. But there is also a new serial tale by George Manville Fenn, "The Queen's Scarlet, or 'By Your Right ' " ; a thrilling story of a mad lighthouse- k pper, entitled "In Direst Peril " ; an interview by Lord Montmorres with Sir John Millais, who has some kindly words for boys who would like to be artists; a " Ride on the Flying Dutchman " ; "All about Robert Louis Stevenson ." and his life in Samoa; and a host of adven- turous or funny stories, experiments, puzzles, prize competitions, and interesting tit-bits of all sorts, that crowd all the odd corners of these sixteen broad attrac- tive pages. A fine tinted picture is presented with this number, reproduced from George Joy's famous picture of "Wellington's First Encounter with the French" - also a stirring picture in colours as frontispiece, entitled "In the Enemy's Grip," illustrating an incident in Indian warfare. It may confidently be expected that when this anhouncement is seen and made known, all romance and story-loving boys will rush to the nearest stationers to procure a copy.—This month also sees the issue of Part 1 of Cassell's " New Popular Educator," price 6d." The comprehensive and enlarged basis en Iv hich this revised edition is reconstructed will enable it to accomplish as effectively for the present generation that which as testified by the most eminent, scholastic and philanthropic authorities, it has in its original form achieved for many thousands of our countrymen." In history, geography, science, art, languages and literature the " Popular Educator" will be found to be invaluable to the student. When the volume is completed it will contain 48 plates and maps printed in colours, together with numerous illustrations.—The" Universal Atlas," a new and complete general atlas of the world, to contain 117 pages of maps handsomely printed in colours, and a complete index with about 125,000 names is now com- mencing its first volume. Part 1 contains a double-page general map of France and a single-page one of Egypt. A good atlas is an indispensable requisite in every , home. It will therefore be acceptable news to the British public to learn that this magnificent atlas is to be issued in a form that will place it within the reach of all, viz.: 6d. per month. F. WARNH AND Co.—We are the recipients of a 190 page volume entitled "The Magic Half-crown," by the author of "Crib and Fly." The illustrations are by A. M. Cooper, and though not numerous, are tastefully executed. The book has on the gover an illustration dealing with the first bringing home of this wonderful "coin of the realm." This work is suitable for children of from 10 to 14 years of age and cannot fail to bring • delight to all its lucky possessors.—A second series of

the "Century Reciter ;', commences with the present month. Like the previous series, all the pieces admitted into its pages have been chosen with A view to their suitability for recitation. It will probably be a recommendation to intending pur- chasers that everything the magazine contains is thoroughly British and contains nothing American. The new edition is edited by Leopold Wagner, and contains numerous selections from the most popular writers of the day. Cuttings in not only a humorous, but a seri- ous and dramatic vein, abound. T. FISHER UNWIN.—The chief point of interest in the " Century " for October is centred in an interesting article, entitled " Across Asia on a Bicycle," in which the tourists have been fortunate enough to obtain an in- terview with Li-hung-chang, the prime minister of China. Particular interest attaches itself to this inter- view,owing to the present critical positioh of the affairs of China. Other selections, topics of the time, &c., are plentiful and varied. Articles in a lighter vein are also comprised in this edition. "TN TowN.".—This magazine is still keeping to the front with its varied and original contributions. The October number contains three cleverly executed inter- pretations of "Moonlight." by different artists, the pre- vailing tint being a delicate electric green. Several other full-page sketches and drawings are scattered through the book. Among other complete stories is one by Lady Fairlie Cunninghame, and a new version of the Jack Cade rebellion is produced by Mr. F. M. Allen.

SOVEREIGN REMEDIES FOR SKIN ERUPTIONS. To Cure Eczema, Skin OniEl3 Eruptions, Irritation, Pim- ples, Blotches, Ulcerated Bad Legs and Sores, use

C JULLWICK'S SKIN OINTMENT AND BLOOD TABLETS. WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION.

Either Ointment or Tablets, from all Chemists ; post free is. 34., from MARTIN. Chemist, Southampton. Ac,„lifss 800 I'S. Ch orv,mkt,, kvcs-ri,sq,, vs. 1 Z 7, 13e1A1ge-et., ituu,Jora.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
BLACKBERRYING AT APPLETON OR THE UNDOING OF JONES.

(BY VERNON HAYES).

Most people have their weaknesses, some in one way, some in another. As a lad my own weakness lay chiefly in my knees, which same weakness proved rather an expensive one in the way of trousers as, through rubbing together, they soon wore out. Singularly enough, my present day weakness is productive of similar results, but in quite a different way. Let me explain. lam par- ticularly fond of blackberry jelly. "Well, and what has blackberry jelly got to do with trousers ?" you may ask. I answer a good deal,' that is, if you gather the blackberries yourself; and I always like to do that. True, one may buy the berries in the market ready to hand, and so save the trousers,but then there are blackberries and—well, berries of other hues, and it always seems to me that the latter most blushingly preponderate in a quart of the bought variety. Consequently, I like to gather them for myself even though, as I said before, it does come expensive in the matter of trousers. Last season I completely ruined one pair through tramp- ing in the wet grass of the fields, to say nothing of the boots that were spoiled in addition. Being in no way daunted by the remembrance of these disasters however, I was 'quite ready for another expedition this year, and so when about a fortnight ago my wife gently broke the news to me that the last pot of our last season's 'boiling of jelly was the one upon which we were then engaged, I felt that the time was drawing near for me to sally fourth to do battle with the brambles (not to mention the stinging nettles) for the sake of the shining luscious fruit. Thursday last, being half holiday,l.fixed as the date of attack, and after surrounding a good dinner (an important point on these excursions, as one Bever knows what time may elapse before partaking of the next meal) I hied me to the kitchen and selected the biggest can I could find, then going to the hat-stand I picked out the stick I always cake with me on these ,occasions. It is a blackthorn and formerly belonged to my old grandad. I believe he brought it over with him from Ireland when he first came tcesettle in these parts. By the way I've often wondered why it is that I so invariably take this particular stick with me on my blackberrying expeditions for I never think of taking it out at any other time. In fact, I don't suppose I ever notice its presence in the stand.; but so surely as I go to select a stick for blackberrying, so surely is this blackthorn the one upon swhich my eyes and hand involuntarily rest. There is evidently some psychological mystery connected with it which I must make it my duty to inquire about. Thus -armed and provided for-the fray, there arose the question—' W here should I gd?' Hill Cliff, the Dingle, and one or two other local haunts suggested themselves, but having for day, aye for weeks past, met groups of children going out in the direction of these places with the tell-tale cans in their hands, I speedily concluded that to be successful I had better try and pastures new. A few moments consideration decided me upon trying the Arley neighbourhood for a change. I set out, and going by the Lumb Brook road, an hour's good walking brought me to Appleton Thorn. Close by the church I chanced to!meet an acquaint- ance from town, who looked as warm and perspiring as I did myself. I remarked, "It's a hot day " ! ,'Tes," said he, "it's very close." "Indeed," I said, "whereto?" He looked at me more in sorrow than anger and replied slowly "To the Thorn,' and as you are -so funny, you may pay for two drinks." That was the reward for my little .joke. However, we promptly adjourned to the " Th orn" for a liquid refresher. Whilst sitting there in the cool and comfortable parlour, quaffing our ale, I was seized with a sudden misgiving. Was Zones (by-the-way, pardon me, I forgot to introduce you before) was Jones out on a similar expedition'? I had come a long way to have the country to myself and my object would be defeated if Jones had come equally far for the same reason and on the same errand. True, so far as I could bee he had no can or basket with him, but then he might possibly have some patent collapsible affair concealed somewhere about his person, .purposely contrived to mislead people as to his intentions. Better get to`know his object at once I thought, so here goes. "What are you doing out this way to-day Jones?" •" Oh, nothing in particular. .Just come round this way for a ramble." That sounded innocent enough but I thought I had better be quite sure about him. "Did you happen to see any blackberries as you came along?" I asked. "Blackberries?" Be seemed to ponder a moment or two, as though he'd never heard of such things before. "Blackberries? No, ! I can't say that I noticed any," ("good business," thought I, "then he's not on my lay,") •"But why do you ask?" " Because that's what I'm after," I said, and I showed him the can which until then had borne the appearance of a respectable brown paper parcel. Continuing, "Look here, Jones," I said, "as you don't appear to have any particular business on hand, suppose you come along with me and help me to gather them. You'll enjoy it immensely." And I launched forth into a glowing account of the delights of blackberrying, and with such good effect that he soon became as enthused , with the idea as I was myself. We quickly drank up and departed on ear quest. About half-an-hour's walk from the 'Thorn'. brought us to a field, close to the gate of which stood a post with a board beating the time-hon- oured legend Trespaseere will he prosecuted.' Now whenever I see this notice I always make a point of trespassing and I feel somewhat aggrieved that so far no one on whose land I have trespassed has taken the least notice and as I think I have a right to be prosecuted PS well as anybody else I feel almost inclined to sue those responsible for the notices for breach of contract and damages. But to continue. We could see a goodly array of brambles on the inside hedges of the field, and notwithstand- ing the warning on the board, we climbed the gate and were about to commence the business on hand when it occurred to me that perhaps it might be as :well, in view of the warning, that one of us should "keep nicks " as the lads say, whilst the other scoured the hedge for berries, for although, as you will have understood by my previous remarks, I don't mind taking the risk of prosecution myself, yet I thought it would scarcely be right to let Jones in as well. So I mentioned it to him and he agreed with me. Tnen we tossed for the division of labour. "Heads or tails, Jones, for choice ?" " Heads !" " Heads it is so which will you clO With all the enthusiasm of a new hand he chose to do the gathering, so that I had to keep watch at the gate. I unwrapped the can, and giving it to Jones, he started off whilst I climbed on to the top bar of the gate so as to command a good view of anyone coming. Taking out my pipe and tobacco, I lit UP and prepared to enjoy myself. Jones seemed to be doing fairly well amongst the berries, calling out encouraging reports every now and then. The field was of an irregular shape. and soon Jones had worked his way round a corner out of my sight. Presently my enforced idleness began to pall, and happening to have a copy of Tit-Bits in my pocket I drew it out and began to read, throw- ing occasional glances around to see that we were not interrupted. I had been reading for about a quarter of an hour when I was startled by a yell from Jones which made the welkin ring. Hastily jumping down from my perch, I ran as quickly as I could round the corner where I had last seen him. Arrived there, I stared blankly about me. It re- minded one of the puzzles that some of our trades- people send out—" The fields, the brambles, and Jones—Puzzle, find Jones !" for indeed he was no- where to be seen. "Where the dickens has he•—•" " HELP ! HELP !!" came again. I ran forward in the direction from which the sound came and presently espied Jones, or rather his head, for that was all that was visible of him, looking like a veritable Father Neptune and covered with weeds and green slime. He had fallen into a pit. He looked so ridiculous that in spite of his dangerous position I burst out laughing. However, quickly realizing the untimeliness of my mirth I got to work to lie:p him. Making my way carefully down to the edge of the pond, I held out my blackthorn to him as far as I could reach and with an effort he managed to grasp the other end, and I gradually drew him ashore. When he gained the bank, he was a most pitiable object, covered with a mantle of green slime and mud. As he stood there spluttering the dirty water out of his mouth he looked so forlornly damp and miserable that I again burst out laughing at his sorry figure. " What are you laughing at, you confounded idiot?" he yelled. " Isn't it bad enough for me to have fallen into that filthy hole without having you laughing and grinning at me like a Cheshire cat !" I managed to control myself sufficiently to be able to ask him how be had managed to tumble into such a place. " Why its all along of you and your confounded black- berries" (I thought it was rather nasty of Jones

===== 0002601_18941013_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
to say that when he had chosen to do the gathering part himself) "I was going along the hedge bottom" he continued, " not thinking of looking behind me. when suddentiv I felt my feet slip and before I knew what had happened I was head over heels in the water, I came up once and yelled and then sank again, on coming up the second time I yelled for all I was worth." "Well, what's to be done now r I sail," for it'll never do for you to walk home in those wet clothes. It would be the death of you." " Well, what do you suggest ?" he asked, " since it's all through you I've got into this pickle. I shall expect you to see me out of it." " Certainly, you may rely upon me doing what I can," I replied, and looking round I saw at a little distence away a small cottage," The very thing," I cried, "look here, Jones, old man you must go into the pond again." " Not he replied with a considerable degree of warmth," I'm qaite wet enough as it is, thank you." "Oh, not with your clothes on—l don't mean that,you must strip yourself and swim about a bit while I go to yonder cottage and get your clothes dried and perhaps I may get them to lend me a suit for you to wear un- til your own are ready." After some little demur he agreed to this proposal and stripped off his clothes and plunged in the pond again., whilst I set off carrying the clothes towards the cottage. To get there, it was necessary to go out by the gate, and I had just got my bead 'round the corner of the field when, horror upon horror, who should I see but the farmer. tie 'had evidently just come in the field, and was fastening the gate behind him. As his back was turned, ofcourse he didn't see me, and I bolted o'ff badk -again to tell Jones of this new dilemma. " Great Scott !" he cried when I'd told him "this is worse and worse. What shall we do now .?" " -Goodness knows" I re- plied, "I might make a bolt for it, but you—werl you could scarcely tear your way through these hedges with nothing 0n.." "Tell you 'what," said Jones after a pause suppose you getinto the pit along with me. We could -duck ourtends under the water until he gets by:" 6` No,thanks," I replied, politely but very firmly, "I'm not taking any to- day. Besides, your clothes on the tank would give us away at once." "There seemed to'he nothing for it but to stand our groulid, although 'that expres- sion scarcely fits Jones's case, as he was treading water. In a minute or two, which seemed an age to us, the farmer rounded the corner, and on catch- ing sight of me, he shouted out" Ili rthere what are you doing inthis field. Don't you know you're trespassing?" I beckoned him to come up and when he had got within hail, I commenced—" Look here farmer!, we know we've 'been trespassing, but per- haps you'll overlook it this time, seeing how unfor- tunate my friend has been," and' here I pointed to Jones, whose head was bobbing up and down.in the water like an animated cork 6 'float. The farmer looked in the direction I 'indicated and when he caught sight of Jones—" Why, what on earth's he doing there?'" he exclaimed, looking quite bewildered, as well he 'might, to see a man apparently having a bathe 'in a stagnant pond Thereupon I explained the whole circumstances and shewed him ifone's dripping clothes. And then how that farmer did laugh. 'Upon my word I thought he'd have choked, and there was Jones all the while looking -reproachfully at me as though I could help it. Whennt last the farmer Was able to speak again-4' Well, well." he said, "your friend had better getout and come home with me as quick as he can and we'll dry his things for him. As for the trespassing, we'll say :no more about that, he's had enough punishment already." Thanking the farmer leartily for his kindness I quickly helped Janes 044 t again and we all marched off; the farmer and I in 'front and Jones behind arrayed in a macintosh which the farmer fortun- ately had with 'him. 'We managed to reach the farm by a quiet and unfrequented road without meeting anyone. Arrived there the farmer lent Jones a suit of clothes to wear whilst his own were being dried. Nordid his kindness end at that for we soon afterwards sat down to a jolly good ten. followed by a pipe and a glass Of hot grog for Jones to ward off the possible ill-effects of his immersion, In a little while it was announced that Jones's clothes were ready, and whenhe had chant-A we again expressed OUT gratitude to the farmer for his kindness and then started on our homeward way. We had no blaCkberries to carry however,for both the can and its contents had joined Jones in his in- voluntary aquatic display, and ef,course their share in the performance 'ended when they reached the bottom of the pond. We arrived in town soon after dark and parted company to go-to our respective homes. I got in a TOW for losing the can, but I haven't yet heard what 'Jones's wife snid to him, though I'm told she wouldlike to have a few words with me.

P.S. About that blackthorn. Since writing the above I have made searching inquiries into the matter with a result which must prove particularly interesting to believers in the theory of heredity. It seems that my grandfather always took this partic- ular stick with him on the occasion and only then) of his " going to a &trying "1

===== 0002601_18941013_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. GLADSTONE'S GitA NDFATHER.

Mr. Gladstone has replied to a correspondent, who drew his attention to a statement in an Edinburgh news- paper that Mr. Gladstone's grandfather was a baker in Leith during the Bread Riots, and was held in such detestation by the mob that on several occasions he sought safety in precipitate flight, and would have had his earthly career abruptly terminated had he remained in Leith. Mr. Gladstone says his grandfather was not a baker, so far as he knows,was uniyersaLly respectcd,and resided in Leith to the last.

N. Patrick Henderion, British Consul at Cadiz,zhot him-wlf in the head in one of the rooms of the Foreign Office on Wednesday afternoon. He was conveyed to the Westminster Hospital, where he died shortly after- wards.

Eczema, Rabies, Sunburn, all Skin Affections, Stiff Joints, Twinges in the back, Toothache, Chilblains, Lumbago, Strained Muscles, Rheumatism of years standing can be got rid of at once with

===== 0002601_18941013_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
0 *CEA

The thing that Cures

.s.V. ...„,„ . ____...... _ • • --.7-_:_--.7.7"....- - ~............ ........--..mm.... . t , ' z•z-z.::::.:."-..-v:ZI,%., , ,c-z-----7:-----_--_-_------_--.--:N-',:. \ • ... •;-::::,-:-/. i .-- •.- . *. ' • , \ .......... •• ,• .'-'-----7----%'-'?* t,.... \, . • .• • • \ •. , • . • .• .• . •, • - -2.--_...'!.!. \..... . ... . . . ] 'N 1 v........., /., • ',. .- -,..'"--:- '... ././ 4....,....., -- ,-....- ' • ~....... , -.-;•:•• ...V '',',-', •-• • , .. . .....„._ / V .. (//. . '•'''',.:--..:Z,. . ...„,;.....„.... ..::%'%%:•:•':- . ll ' , „. •.sys, v ~..............„......... . ..•••••V,./...›.../'• ... ...1.,-' , ..'".--- --:-..; •,'-'...Vf.-'. ' ',vs's., _ _...., ._. --..'.•••.,..';',.:•'..':.:-., _ , . s .........>/„..0f,;-:::::--:••:-.II.-:. .. -..- ..... ,*•>;:./-- ....."•:,'...:••-.:*!'7.!`5... '''':,•..;!. %,:-;;:-..-- ' . .I.<:*. •: . _:: '''..- ''''-' - .7•• . • ..--- -.........."--- .............,_ -....""---- ...:;',!•:-:::.:.• :::.- *-------' ''!"-1".--,-*.%::::.....:%*i:.'.-.4„ 1,, ; _::: _ :::., ..... . •_,, - _.„.„<;:-.,-,-. ::,.... ' . -og-'4', , - _ -. • %.,-. c , . ;,..-;.-; ...,..;.•.=-- _,- ...--,,..• ~,,,,-.....-,,,,,,7b..., • , 401 e• . - .

===== 0002601_18941013_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
TESTIMONIAL FROM BISHOP

‘YLOR.

HIGH BARNET. My dear old Friend, distributed a variety of you remedies among afflicted natives, and among mission- aries in Sierra Leone, Liberip Coast of Guinea, Cong, Country, and Angola, South of Congo. I have used HOMOCEA and have proved its healing virtue both fol severe bruises and flesh wounds, and also to kill the virus of mosquitoes and chiggoes (jiggers).—Yours very truly, (Bishop) WM. TAYLOR. American Methodist Eliscolal Mission.

TA ,urr. a , s( r ..t lett. ;h oi .4 lit most • tff t. )r '

===== 0002601_18941013_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
WHY?

t instantly Touches

===== 0002601_18941013_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
the

SObT

AFFLICTED.

Homocea—as a pain-relieving curative lubricant—has no rival in the world of healing remedies for Piles, Cuts, Burns, Bruises, &c. It will stop a severe Influenza Cold like magic. " HOMOCEA " CURES EVERYTHING. TESTIMONIAL FROM H. M. STANLEY. HOME REMEDY. LORD CARRICK says HomocEA cured him ...--- , Whitehall, London. BOYS' BRIGADE AND HOME, : bleeding piles, when all else failed ; that he - "Dear Sir, —Your oint- Newcastle and Gateshead, ave some to a labourer Who was lamed by a ~ at, called HOMOCEA, April 18th, 1894. tone falling upon him, whom it cured. A woman ....ej as found to be the most ad a pain in the elbow and could not bend it r soothing and efficacious " "Dear Sir,—HomocEA is everything that can ibe desired to have in a Home such as ours. 1 year, and it cured her, and another used unguent that I could , tell you that I am more than pleased with it. urvy on her leg, and it was doing her g - Possibly have for my frac- may We have had several cases of torn feet, through ter closes from him with the words, " e ' •ed limb, as it seems wonderful stuff that I ever cane ac retain longer than any nails, etc., and in every case, HOMOCEA has , that oleaginousness worked wonders. For sores, blows, bruises, boils, i , - requisite for perfect and cuts, t soon makes all healthy again. Ido , . not intend to be without it in our Brigade Home. ppli- . I efficient massage.. The fault of embroca- "Yours faithfully, ons generallywisheS is that "C. E. TOMLINSON." ; they harden an,d require " ' Homocea' contains no deleterious ingredients, aereas yours, besides being particularly or such as would in any sense tend to render its LORD COMBERMERE says HomocEA did is as soft as oil, and almost instantly /ise unsafe, even in the hands of persons utterly im more good than any embrocation he had f inflammation• enSkilled in the application of healing remedies." ver used for rheumatism. mollityingin the case o severe . . Y GUM faithfully, HENRY M. STANLEY." —Extract front HEALTH. Homacea is a remedy that should always be in Me house. People will get burnt, bruised, and hurt in various ways; A Cold in the head will come on without warning. Homocea used as snuff will check it. Remember! Homocea allays irritation, and subdues injlammation at once. Sold by Chemists &c., at is. id. and 25. qd. per box, or free by post from the Hormicea Co., 21, Hamilton Square, Birkenhead, for is. dd. ands.

LADY VINCENT, 8, Ebury Street, says: "Homocea is such an incomparabi cation for Rheumatic Neuralgia, that -- to have two more tins sent."

an, for it for ,00d—one It is thr .ross." ,t, London, Nble appli she ---

itk ,;,

warmth, w 1 aromatic,

me. NV,

in to othei so ti

===== 0002601_18941013_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
IHE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 13' 1894

THE RUNCORN TECHNICAL

INSTITUTE.

MR. BRUNNER AND HIS SECOND PROMISE. Mr. F. Wiswall presided over a meeting of the General (Hybrid) Committee of the Technical Insti- tute on Monday evening in the Board-room of the Town Hall, Runcorn. There were also present the Rev. Conon Wood, Rev. Dr. Gastaldi,and Messrs. S. Taylor, J.P., H. J. Grice, J. B. Holland, W. Hol- land, W. E. Dudley, and E. Marshall, secretary. The Cliairman said they had raised £5OO since the last appeal and had applied to Mr. Brunner, M.P., for his original promise of £5OO, in reply to which he had forwarded a cheque for that amount. Their liability had reduced from £1,338 to £l.llO. Those working people who had been approached had said that the insti- tute would not be for them but for the children of the middle classes. It was a pity the word " class" had been introduced, and he did not like to use it ; but he feared that if the working class did not support the institute by their subscriptions it would become an insti- tution for the middle class, because the fees would thereby have to be raised. It would be their own fault. They were trying to open the building free from debt, and so have the £4OO at their disposal for maintenance. If they had to borrow the money to clear off the debt on the building, the interest thereon would have to come out of the sum collected from the rates and the grant of the County Council. He afterwards produced and read the following letter from Mr. Brunner, M.P., dated October 6th :—" I read your latest appeal for subscrip- tions with much pleasure, and am now glad to take this opportunity of expressing my cordial agreement with the belief you entertain that in after years the inhabitants of Runcorn who have helped in the establishment of your Technical Institute, will be remembered with gratitude and respect. It has been suggested to me that if I Offered my second £5OO in instalments of £lOO eachtnmeet each £lOO as subscribed, I should strengthen your hands. If you are also of this opinion and also your committee, you are at liberty to announce that this arrangement has been made with me. Heartily wishing you success, a success you thoroughly deserve, I remain yours faithfully, John T. Brunner.— To Francis Wiserall'Esq." Several suggestions were:made by which subscriptions might be obtained and the meeting afterwards closed.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
MELANCHOLY END OF A RUNCORN PITBLICAN'S WIFE.

THE INQUEST AND FUNERAL.

On Monday afternoon at the Runcorn Cemetery Offices, Mr. J. E. Worslev, coroner, and a jury, the foreman of which was Mr. William Wright,Church- st., investigated the circumstances attending the sad death of Agnes Anderton, a portion of whose body was found in number two lock of the Bridge- water Canal on the previous Saturday morning. Owing to the deceasad lady being a native of the town, and therefore well-known, her sudden and mysterious disappearance on the 27th September gave rise to the wildest rumours. Speculation as to her probable fate was very rife, many reasons were spoken of as being the cause of her sudden disappearance. A large crowd of persons t dllected outside the‘Cemetery Offices during the progress of the inquest, evidently with the view to gleaning any further information of the unfortunate woman's decease, and to await the jury's verdict. The 'first witness was William Anderton, landlord of the Anchor ;Inn, Brunswick-st., and husband 'of the deceased. He said that his wife was 41 years of.aee and had been rather weak in health for a long time. He always noticed that she was much worse when she took drink. In•fact when she was drunk she was quite a different woman. They were always happy when -she was sober. 'He had been married to her nearly eighteen years. .oflate she seemed to have become mudh weaker and more inluenced by drink. It was a mystery to him where she got the drink to get intoxicated as for the I last five 'years she had never been allowed to serve'beerl behind the bar. He had had a special door made so that he could not get into the bar, and had hiddetrthe keys of all places from whence the drink could be 'pro- cured. About four years ago a person tame into the house and said that she (deceased) would 'have drowned herself if she had not been prevented by neighbours. She had not been like that until some two or three weeks previously. Within the past three weeks-she seemed to have thought a great deal of her 'late father, and had spoken a his having been drowned at Astmoor. On more than one occasion when still thinking of her father she had-said, "You will find me like that some of these days." She had gone away from 'home and re- mained away for weeks together, but the .morning After she had gone he had always known to where she had gone. he left' home a week last Thursday and before leaving she came • through the vault door whilst witness was at his tea. She said to the daughter Edith "Give merny silver spoons," and the daughter asked•witness she should give them to her mother. Witness replied to her in the affirmative and the spoons were •given. His , wife thenreew out in a temper without giving him an I answer to somethitig he had said to her. That wasthe last time 'he saw her alive. She had nothing to put her i out of temper before that. She had been with her aunt, who was a teetotaler at Southport, with a view tocure', her of intemperance. she remained there a month. and 1 the aunt had written to him saying that his wife was getting clear of drink. About a month previously he returned from Southport and everything waefvery nice for a short time. Before she had gone she had been getting drunk but he did not upbraid her 'before she went. The seoend day after coming back she was 'very bad and seemed as though she could not recover .herself. She became very excitable and said she could not help it. She had very strange ways and would sleep with the children for a month at a time. On the I hursday morning, the same day on which she went away,he went to Altrincham Agricultural :Show and was told when he came back that she had gore to bed at two O'clock, got up at 5.30, and had gone out shortly afterwards. When she went outthe last time he saw her, she was mot eober. Thera was no question as to the body in the mortuary being that of his wife. Edith Anderton, daughter of tie deceased, said that the reason her mother went to Southport was to see if she could recover from her drinkieg habits. After corn- ing back she again took to drink until the day on which she disappeared. On 'the Thursday afternoon she had had some drink, but witness did not notice at night if

her mother was sober. After supporting her father's statement with regard to the spoons, she said that it would be about 7 p.m. when her mother left the house for the last time. Her father waskind to her mother when shelwas sober.and he was kind to her when she was drunk, He used to let her have drink sometimes when she had had some, thinking it would pacify her. Deceased had had nothing to trouble her at the house,and there would have been no trouble at all If it was not for the drink. He (her father) would sometimes ask her mother when she was going to be a different woman and leave off the drink ; and he was sometimes very angry with her when she was drunk. He had also put her out of the bar when she proved annoying to the customers. This was done when deceased was drunk and it was then necessary. He was otherwise very kind to her. Her mother some- times seemed to be very distressed when witness's father was angry with her,and had said very often that she de- stroy herself. She had threatened to do away with would herself so many times that no notice was taken of her. It was impossible for her mother not to take drink. She seemed as though she could not do without it.—ln reply to the Coroner witness said her father never con- sulted a doctor about her only when ill. She had more than once been sent to Southport to recover, and had gone often of her own free will. Witness was always very kind to her mother when she was drunk and had never struck her. She had sometimes persuaded her to be sober. Elizabeth Brannon, domestic servant at the Anchor Inn, supported the statements of the previous witnesses. There was never any disturbance in the house only when the deceased took drink. Deceased had everything she wanted when sober, and had no cause to get drunk. - Joseph Bayley, lock keeper, said that at half-past nine o'clock on Saturday morning he saw a body in No. 2 lock of the Bridgewater Canal. He gave information to the police.. P.S. Woolley stated that having received information at quarter to ten from the last witness on Saturday morning he went to to the lock referred to, got a rake, and took the body from the water. It was completely rolled up like a ball, and at first it was thought that the head was missing. The legs and left arm were gone. The corsets produced were found in the fan of a small steamer behind which the body was found. The steamer must have evidently brought the body from a higher part of the canal. The corsets had been identified by Mr. Anderton as those worn last by his wife. The injury to the body must have been caused by the fan of the steamer. There was no suspicion as to the cause of her death. Witness had seen the deceased drunk four or fve years ago. He had no suspicion that the injuries were caused before death. The Coroner then reviewed the evidence at length,and having characterized the case as a very melancholy one, advised the jury to return a verdict of " Found dead," there being no evidence to show how the unfortunate woman had got into the canal. The jury returned a verdict of "Found dead" accord- ingly, and subsequently passed a vote of condolence to Mr. Anderton. DISCOVERY OF THE 'MISSING LIMBS. On Tuesday morning about nine o'clock the missing legs of, the deceased were found in the neighbourhood ef Top Locks, near to where the body had been discovered. They were taken from the water by the police and sub- sequently placed with the body in the coffin which was lying at the mortuary. THE INTERMENT OF THE DECEASED. UNSEEMLY T.-it 0 CEE DINGS.

The remains of the deceased Mrs. Anderton were in- terred on Tuesday afternoon in a grave situated in the Church of :England portion of the Runcorn Cemetery. Thetoffin containing the body was first taken from the mortuary and placed in a hearse which was then driven to the Anchor Inn, Brunswick-street. A large number of persons had collected round the house, and out of respect to the departed lady many window'blinds were drawn, and sevEral business houses were closed for a time. The hearse and four mourning coaches comprised the cortege, and at three o'clock it moved towards the Cemetery followed by sec.-oral hundred persons, the majority of whom were women. The crowd grew more dense the nearer the procession approached the Ceme- tery, and by the time this place was reached quite two thousand people had assembled. Sergeant ,Woolley with the assistance of severalcconstables succeeded in main- taining good order during the course of the service, at which the Rev. J. Holden officiated. Subsequent to the interment the proceedings .outside the Cemetery were of a very unseemly nature. As the coaches were leaving the burial place the crowd began to hoot and make use of language by no means to be approved of. This was maintained by certain individuals until the carriages were out of sight, as the speed at which the horses were driven made it impossible for those persons to keep up with them. A large number of the people ran in the direction of Brunswick-street, but before they arrived there some of the mourners had got into the house,whilst others had driven elsewhere. A renewal of the dis- graceful c,onduct outside of the house was evidently ex- pected, but beyond two or three feeble shouts, there was nothing of a disorderly nature, and shortly after- wards the neighbourhood was again quiet.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
'LIBERALISM AT WIDNES.

SPEECHES BY MESSRS. H. WADE DEACON AND J. FORETER.

On Wednesday night the annual meeting of the members or.: Widnes Liberal Club was held, under the presidency of Mr. Stuart -Deacon, when the officers were elected for theensuing year,and a very gratifying, report submitted of the work done during the past year. Subsequently a public meeting was held in in the club hall, when an address on ".The Democratic Work of the Government," was given by Mr. Councillor .E. Forster, JR., Liberal candidate for St. Helens. Mr. Stuart Deaconlpresided, and Mr. H. Wade Deacon, J.P., CJC.9 was also present.—The Chairman referred to the -probability of the general election taking place nemt year, and expressed the hope that the members of that club would be readyto do their duty when the time .came. They had only 1. majority of 030 against them and if they only put their shoulders to the wheel he lz:elieved they would return the Liberal candidate at the head of the pool. (Applause.) He trusted that they would see Mr. Forster in Paiiiament as the member for St. Helens, and there was also a gentleman present whom they hoped to see as member for the Widnes Division. (Fro - longed applause.)—W. Forster,who had a hearty recep- tion, said that the science of politics was to make every- body as comfortable as possible. The House of Com- mons and the House of Lords existed for that purpose,

and the members of those houses had no right to take into consideration their own rights and privileges. The present Government had done all they could to redeem the pledges they gave at the last election, and its action had been marked by a thoroughly democratic spirit. He then reviewed in detail the work of the Government,and expressed the hope that at the next general election they would have a substantial majority to carry on their work. (Applause.)—Mr. H. Wade Deacon proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Forster, and spoke strongly in favour of a graduated system of taxation. The aim of political progress in the past had been political equality, which had now been secured, and he thought that in the future their aim would be to secure equality of social oppoctunity. (Hear, hear.) He forecasted various measures of reform, and said that it was very probable that in the future there would be a severance from the Liberal party of a good many people who were not in sympathy with them in many of their aspirations, but that severance would leave them stronger than ever to carry on their work.—The motion was seconded by Mr. Edward Carey and carried. MEASLES EPIDEMIC AT ST. HELENS.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
CLOSING OF SCHOOLS.

A meeting of the St. Helens Health Committee was held on Wednesday afternoon, when Councillor J. Forster presided.—The medical officer (Dr. J. Robertson) reported that during the past fortnight there had been 106 births and 62 deaths, the latter being at the rate of 201 per 1,000 per annum,against 171 in the previous fortnight and 1415 in the corresponding period last year. The deaths from zymotic diseases were nine in number, and the notifica- tions of cases of sickness from zymotic diseases were 25 in number. Reports were presented showing that there had been seven cases of typhoid fever this year in the Eldon-street district, and a similar number of cases in Watery-lane, and the medical officer recommended im- provements in the sanitary condition of the houses. The medical officer also presented a report on the epidemic 'of measles in the town. He remarked that a similar epidemic in the spring of last year caused the death of 146 children, and the district of Parr suffered the most. The disease was again epidemic in that district, and its spread seemed to be largely due to one of the schools there. Of 'B4 children found sufferinc, from measles, no fewer than 75 attended, or had brothers or sisters attending, Holy Trinity Schools. On inquiry at the schools that morning, he found out of a total of 403 scholars 351 were in attendance, so that many were attending school front homes where other children were suffering from measles. An epidemic of measles was al- ways more fatal during the colder months, and it was, therefore, specially necessary that the present epidemic should be dealt with without delay.—Alderman J. C. Gamble asked if more good was done by allowing the children to run about the streets.—Dr. Robertson replied that medical men could not detect measles until a child had suffered for a day or two, and during that period children, if allowed to attend school, might be carrying the infection to others. He added that if the epidemic was dealt with energetically at once it might go away as rapidly as it had come.—The committee ultimately adopted a resolution requesting the closing ef Holy Trinity Schools for six weeks.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
DESERTING MILITIAMEN FREE IN THE ISLE OF MAN.

IMPORTANT JUDGMENT.

At the Staff of Government Court of the Isle of Man on Wedaesday, Governor Ridgeway presiding,judgment in an appeal case of considerable importance was given by Deemster Drinkwater. The original de- fendant,a militiaman named Looney, was charged with failing to appear at the annual training at Carlisle. He came to the Isle of Man, but the Manx justices refused to grant a summons on the ground that the Militia Act of 1882 did not apply to the island. An application was made to the Clerk of the Rolls for a mandamus to the justices to grant a summons, and this failed also. An apceal was then made to the Staff of Government Court. The decision of that court set forth that the Army Act of 1881 was made applicable to the Isle of Man, but the Militia Act of 1882 did not apply to the Isle of Man. Neither were certain provisions incor- porated in the Militia Act from the Army Act, and which was supposed to apply to this particular case, applicable to it at all. The appeal was therefore rightly dismissed. Thus deserting militiamen are free in the island.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH BAZAAR AT

RUNCORN.

This bazaar was again opened on Friday after- noon, the ceremony being performed by Mr. Philip Speakman, J.P., C.C., who after being introduced by the Rev. J. Pulford Williams, delivered a short address. In the course of his remarks he said that the St. John's people had started their work well in that part of the town, and he rejoiced that they had been able by the goods placed upon the stalls to show that they meant to go on to the end. He asked all of them to do their best to make the bazaar a great success. On the proposition of Mr. Pritchard, seconded by the Rev. J. Stafford, a vote of thanks was accorded Mr. Speakman for his attendance, after which Mr. Speak- man declared the bazaar open. Before the business the Rev. J. P. Williams announced that Mr. Speakman had given to him a cheque for (Applause.) In the evening various entertainments were given, and much appreciated. The programme of vocal and instrumental music was especially enjoyedi and the artistes who kindly gave their services were each rewarded with loud plaudits.

At four o'clock on Saturday afternoon he sale was again resumed and largely visited. Subsequently Mr. Luke Holmes kindly conducted an auction sale, and dis- posed of a great amount of goods. It has been stated that the total amount realised was about £4OO, made up as follows :—Wednesday, £112; Thursday, £156 (inclusive of £lOO from Alderman McKechnie) ; Friday, £7l (including Mr. Speakman's gift) ; and the remainder on Saturday. The goods that were not sold will be kept until Christmas, when they will form part of another stock to be sold in aid of the same object.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
BOOKS WE READ.

One of the most valuable little publications bristl- ing with interesting and instructive mattPr, including a carefully edited Calender for 1895, has been recently published by Messrs. Warner and Co., Limited, 88, Clerkenwell-road, London E.C. The first edition was a very large one, and no doubt its circulation will be several hundred thousand. The title" Bearers of Glad Tidings" is ex- ceedingly apropos, for it treats of an interesting subject, Some books are written to please Nur passing fancy for humour ; others for the student of the world's events others as instructors in political economy ; but this book treats of health, and tells how to obtain the maximum degree, of health, at a minimum cost. Professor J. Poiraud, 8.A., B.Sc., of Wargrave, Henley-on-Thames, writes :—" After reading the book published by Messrs. Warner and Co. (which is obtainable by a request on a postal card), I immediately procured a bottle of Warner's Safe Cure, and although weeks of treatment by the best London physicians failed to relieve me of inflammation of the bladder and prostrate gland, Warner's Safe Cure cured me, and now I can conscientiously say, my pre- sent good health is solely attributable to it." The care- ful painstaking reader always benefits by reading good books.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCA.L CHURCHES-WARRINGTON.

THE SERVICES FOR THE PEOPLE.

In the Wesleyan Chapel,Bold-st.,on Sunday afternoon. the weekly service for the people was held. The Rev.G. D. Mason presided, and an interesting address was &li- vered by Mr. S. B. Stringer, who drew some lessons from the character and conduct of the prophet Jonah and God's dealings with him. He said they learnt from the experience of Jonah that it was a vain thing to attempt to fly from God. Their duty was sometimes painful to perform, but the easiest way was to face it manfully. God did not give His wayward servant up to himself, but he used severe measures in bringing him to a sense of his duty, which proved effectual. The or- chestral band played Mendelssohn's " War March of the Priests," and "The Better Land" was sung by Miss Kent and Mr. Cole gave a cornet solo, "The lost chord." The service throughout was bright and hearty,and there was a good attendance.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
WYCLIFFE P.S.A. SOCIETY.

A meeting of this society was held on Sunday after- noon in Wycliffe Church and was largely attended. Mr. H. M. Ashton occupied the chair and briefly addressed the meeting. He related an incident showing the greater importance (A:deeds than words. Dr. Waite of Liverpool delivered the address for the afternoon. He denied the assertions of a recent writer that all the evil in the world was the product of ignorance. In support of his statement he referred to some of the present day evils arising from the drink traffic, and also to the long hours worked by shop assistants. He contended that it was not ignorance but the love of gain which was the cause of these evils. There was only one law which could bring men into right relationship one with another, whether in the case of a colliery owne r employing thousands of workpeople or the householder with her single domestic ' servant, and that law was "Thou shalt love that neigh- bour as Thyself." Dr. Waite's son afterwards well sang a solo entitled "Flee as a bird." The Rev. J. Yonge, Messrs. J. Irish and C. T. Owen also took part in the meeting.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
SERMON ON MR. GLADSTONE'S ARTICLE ON HERESY AND SCHISM.

The Rev. W. H. Drummond, 8.A., in Cairo-st. Chapel on Sunday evening, took as the subject of his sermon Mr. Gladstone's article in the August number of the "Nineteenth Century," on "Heresy and Schism in the Modern Christian Church," basing his remarks on 1. Cor. xii. 4, 5. "Now there are diversities of gifts, but the same spirit, and there are differences of administration, but the same Lord." He said it was a pathetic sight to see Mr. Gladstone, having withdrawn from the heated strife of the political arena,spending a part of his closing days in endeavouring to draw men's attention to the vital doctrines of what he considered to be the true Church, and additional weight attached to his words , when it was remembered that ever since his Oxford days he had been considered as extremely learned in theology. Mr. Drummond then gave a brief epitome of Mr. Gladstune's article, quoting several of his more important propositions, and also his statements about English Nonconformity and the work it had done in , regard to the extinction of slavery. He also referred to the fact that Mr. Gladstme found comfort that after all the varying sections of the Church concurred in the essen- tials of the faith,and his plea fora readjustment of ideas, to encourage more mutual understanding by a survey of the whole facts of the case. Mr. Drummond said it was an article as amazing in its concessions as Its assump- tions. In charitableness it was in marked contrast to the spirit which was prevalent twenty or thirty years ago, which was something to be thankful fot. If the writer's position be true that the Church is a special organization with a priesthood and sacramental powers, then those who stood outside its pale suffered an eternal loss. But if this were so,they wanted to know where the true Church was to be found, and there was no attempt in the article to give enlightenment on that point, or to set up an infallible standard of doctrine, and without this all talk about heresy and schism was a mere beating of the air. But the whole question of heresy lay outside the Christianity of Christ. Speaking of the assumption that Christ founded a definite ecc!esiasticnl organization, and gave supernatural powers to its ministers, Mr. Drummond said that a careful reading of the gospels would afford no ground for it. In only two instances was the word " Church" used, and in one of those the above construction could certainly not be placed upon it. The test of Christianity lay not in doctrine but in char- acter,in the good life,and it was not denied that these ex- isted outside the pale of the Church. Christianity would never advance by asking who are the orthodox and who are the heretics. It was a barren controversy of the days of darkness. He urged his hearers to be Christians of to-day, and live for the service of the present hour. Two things Christianity needed : liberty and courage in thinking, and an increasing stress on character. It was only on the basis of character, love, the imitation of Christ, that the age-long dream of Christianity would be fulfilled, and there should be one fold and one shepherd.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BURIAL BOARD.

The monthly meeting of this Board was held on Wednesday afternoon in the Cemetery offices,Green- way-road, Runcorn, the chair being occupied by the newly-appointed chairman Mr. Edwin Imison. There were also present the Rey. Dr. Gastaldi, Mr. H. Coleburn, and Mr. W. F. Salkeld, secretary.

SECRETARY'S STATEMENT.-LARGE DECREASE OF INTER- MENTS.

The secretary presented his statement sly4wing that during the six months ended September 25th, 144 inter- ments had taken place against 282 d uring the corres- ponding period of last year, a decrease of 138. The fees received during thee months amounted to £139 12s. 6d. campared with £249 6s. 4d. last year, a decrease of £lO9 13s. 10s. The Chairman remarked that the statement showed a very healthy condition of things.—To this all the re- maining members agreed, and made similar observa- tions.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCE AND GENERAL PURPOSES COMMITTEE.

Mr. Coleburn, chairman of this committee submitted his report which stated that accounts to the aggregate amount of £2 fis. 5.1. were recommended for payment. Mr. Coleburn also reported that a letter had been re- ceived from Mr. Michael Barker, surveyor to the Run- corn Improvement Commissioners, dated the 12th Sept., in which he said, with reference to the improvement in Norman-road, that the Board intended, according to the plan enclosed, to take a part of the stone shed away and they proposed to add to the portion remaining another extension, fixing the doors (now opening into Greenway-road) in the new position as shown on the plan. The back wall would be continued at its present height to the length of the new shed. This would leave the brick building somewhat larger than before and would perhaps meet the Burial Board's suggestion in their letter of the 15th March.—ln a second letter dated the 10th inst. re the same subject, Mr. Barker said that he had seen some of the members of both boards and they •seemed to think that if the stone-shed and tool house were removed from the corner altogether, and placed some 35 yards higher up the wall, say opposite the back of the house, it would give a better view to persons , driving round the corner. He enclosed the alternate I plan showing the alteration. The latter one would cost the Commissioners a little more than the first, out if the Burial Board preferred it, no doubt it could be brought about. Continuing, Mr. Coleburn said that the committee had decided to recommend the Board to adopt the plan for the alteration to the Norman-road corner dated October 10th. Further the Secretary write to Mr. Barker stating also that the Burial Board would have much pleasure in giving the land required on con- dition that the railing should be carried round to the extreme end of the bend, so as to allow passers-by to see into the cemetery grounds ; and that they were further of opinion that the Victoria-road corner might be lowered and the railing extended round to meet the other in the same way. With regard to re-letting the land to Mr. Savage, the committee had decided to do so at the same rent,but'only in future for twelve months at a time. This was done in order that the authority's hands might not be tied should they require the land before they expected. He begged to move the adoption of the report. Dr. Gastaldi seconded the motion, and it was carried. THE DISORDERLY PROCF.EDINGS AT A FUNERAL: THE

===== 0002601_18941013_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
SSQUEL.

Mr. Salkeld reported that at the funeral of the late Mrs. Anderton, on Tuesday atternoon, a large mob of people had entered the cemetery g?ounds and had done damage to some of the graves and tombstones. He wished to have it recorded upon the minut(B.—This was agreed to, and it was also decided to visit the grounds for the purpose of observing what damage had been done. It is expected that at the next meeting of the Board this bubject will be dealt with.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
AT CHESTER.

THE TROUBLES OF A. FRODSHAM MAX

"A RUDE AWAKENING."

Annie Lane, 11, Parry's-entry; William McDermott and Peter O'Brien (of no fixed residence) were charged at the Chester Police Court, on Friday, before Mr. Henry Churton and Mr. Geo.Dutton, the woman with stealing about £lB, tire money of Henry Hincle, Frodsham, and the two men with re- ceiving part of the money knowing it to have been stolen.

The Chief Constable stated that on Wednesday night the prosecutor met the female prisoner in City-road,and she took him tN a house in Parry's-entry, tenanted by Catherine Nevin, who was better known as "Kate the c:)ok." (Laughter.) In the morning the man found that his money had disappeared from his pocket. Some of the money had been recovered,and the two men were arrested at Crewe.

Henry Hinde, the prosecutor, stated that he lived at Frodbham, but he had been to Mold on Wednesday, and broke his return journey at Chester. He met the female prisoner about eleven o'clock, and she took him to Parry's-entry. He was not quite sober. In the morning he found that his money, amounting to between LA and £2O, had gone, and that the woman had gone also. (Laughter.) The money was composed of a£s note, slvereigns, half-sovereigns, silver, and copper. The £5 note he gave to a person in the house to change for him, but he did not see it again, (Laughter.) Irs answer to the female prisoner, prosecutor denied that he gave her £2 103., but stated that he gave her 10s. Detective Crewe deposed to arresting the two male prisoners at Crewe. They absconded from Chester when they knew that inquiries were being made about them. He found that they had boaght a new suit of clothes each, and that they had made several other extensive purchases, including second class railway tickets to Manchester. On McDermott he found £2 2s. 2d., and on O'Brien he found 4s. 40. McDermott said he found the £5 note produced in the entry. On this evidence the Chief Constable asked for a remand for a week,which was granted.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
INTERESTING COUNTY COURT ACTION"

AT RUNCORN.

WHOSE WAS THE PROPERTY? At the Runcorn County Court on Tuesday after- noon before his honour Judge Wynne foulkes, an interpleader summons, which had created consider- able outside interest, was heard. The parties engaged were the plaintiff, Alfred Ellison, landlord of the "Man at the Wheel," Church-street, Runcorn; the defendant, Joseph Saunders, formerly a shopkeeper in. Cooper-street, Runcorn; and the claimant, Marguretta Mary Saunders, wife of the last natned person. The claim was for goods alleged to be the separate and abso- lute property of Mrs. Saunders, the greater part of which she had purchased out of her own private money and the others given to her. The claim was for £25, damages from the plaintiff the execution creditor) and the High Bailiff, for the seizure of the goods, the greater part of which was, it was alleged, not sold at fair prices, but nearly- given away. Mr. P. Davies, of Warrington. represented Mr. Ellison, Mr. H. R. S. Briggs, Manches- ter, appeared for claimant, and Mr. E. S. Giles, Chester, defended the High Bailiff. Mr. Briggs said that some time age Alfred Ellison ob- tained judgment against Joseph Saunders for £3 13s. The goods claimed for were 'seized on the 25th August, and on that day notice was duly served on the High Bailiff on behalf of the plaintiff. Nothing was heard of an interpleader summons having been issued but in re- ply to a wire he was informed that one had been issued and would be duly served. The articles seized for the execution levy of £4 is. 61 were valued at £33 is. ac- cording to purchase price and they were sold on the 3rd September.

His Honour saidthe appraisement was £8 10s. They could not claim damages from the High Bailiff for the difference in the value of the goods taken and the amount obtained. The ground of claim was that tne goods were considerably damaged by removal and that they were sold for inferior prices.

Mr. Briggs said that the goods were seized and what he complained of was that they ought to have had notice earlier than they did. They should have been notified forthwith on the interpleader summons having beea taken out. He further stated that the furniture had been purchased by Mrs. Saunders with money earned by her.

Marguretta Mary Saunders, the claimant, stated that she was living with her mother-in-law. She was married in October, 1887. The list of articles read over by her solicitor she testified as belonging to her. Some of them she had purchased before marriage, others had been given to her, and the remaining ones she had purchased after she was married with her own private money. Previous to her marriage she was in a situation as waitress at the Central restaurant, Oldham-street, Man- chester, for five years. After her marriage she took another situation as waitress at the Sale Botanical Gardens,where she remained for six months. She after- wards returned to Runcorn four years ago, and worked Ifor her mother-in-law at the" Fleetwood Arms " as bar- I maid. She remaintd there until twelve months ago when Ishe took a glop at 24, Cooper-street, and left it three months ago. Whilst in Manchester she was ill and being in want of money she disposed of her goods subsequently to Mr. John Evans, of Chapel-street, Salford, for £2O Ds. He afterwards let her have the goods back again under a hire agreement she paying him Bs. Bi. per week on the condition that when the full amount was paid the goods should again be her own. She had now discharged that liability and the goods were hers when they were seized by the bailiffs. She sold the goods to Mr. Evans about three years after her marriage and whilst she was living in Manchester. In reply to the Judge she said she could not estimate the amount of damage the furniture sustained.

Examined by Mr. Davies: At the time of her marriage her husband was in business in Market-st.' Manchester as a cigar merchant. She knew nothing of her busband's business and could not say how much capital he started business with. She was not aware of the nature of her husband's difficulties when he was in Manchester; neither did she know that his liabilities were nearly £l,OOO and his assets nil. Everything that had been seized belonged to her and had been paid for. She was present in the house when Mr. Torrie called on the 22nd August to take possession, but owing LI her being so much excited and astonished, she did not tell him that the goods were hers and not her husband's. Her mother-in-law was with her, but did not claim the property as her own. She only claimed a cuckoo clock and a portrait of herself. These, the men allowed to remain in the house. All that her mother said at the time to Mr. Torrie was that he would have to bring the things back again. Witness had not heard of her hus- band haying told a bailiiT that he had made over the furniture to her under a deed of gift. She had never. heard of a deed of gift by her husband. When she was married to him ho was in lodgings and had no furniture. Everything in the shape of household furniture belonged` absolutely to her. She knew nothing of her husband being forced to run away from Manchester owing to financial difficulties.

13v Mr. Giles: Some portion of the furniture was dam- aged when being taken by the County Court men down- stairs. She could not say what the names of the men were who were carrying them, nor how the claim was made up. It was prepared for her.

.e.. John Evans, of Chapel-street, Salford, sign writer, said that Mrs. Saunders who asked him in 1890 to enter into the agreement produced. He did so, purchasing the articles mentioned in that document. He executed the aereement, and allowed her to use the goods on hire. He agreed to her paying him Bs. 6d. per week and under- stood that when he was repaid the full amount,the goods became hers again. He had received the money. By Mr. Davies: Be knew Mr. Saunders before the lattn's marriage and was afterwards in the habit of visiting his house. fle knew Mr. Saunders met his creditors in 1889. He conapleted the transaction in good faith and thought it was for a good cause. They took the furniture with them from Manchester to Runcorn. By His Honour: He did not know what means Mrs. Saunders had of paying him back, but trusted to her honesty. There was nothing between thorn to show where she was to get her money from. By Mr. Davies: Both Mr. and Mrs. Saunders were present when the agreement was entered into. Mrs. Saunders, however, did all the talking. (Langhter.) Mrs. Martha Oakes, of 4, Clarence-street, Runcorn, deposed to gluing Mrs. Saunders £lO on her marriage. Her daughter-in-law had stored her goods at the "Fleet- wood Arms" a portion of the time while acting as bar- maid. She gave her 10s. per week because she was so honest. She remained with lier until the Ist of October last year. Witness had since made her several presents. Mr. Davies desired to draw attention to the way in which the matter had been put before the court. He thought the evidence of the claimant was very contradic- tery from beginning to end, and that it could not be relied upon. Three claims had been made for the goods seized, and it was stated by Mrs. Oakes, at the time of the seizure, and in the presence of the claimant, that the articles were hers. He asked his honour to discredit the statement that tbe goods belonged to the claimant. They belonged, undoulitedly to Mr. Saunders. When the husband came home the Saturday fellowing the seizure he saw Mr. Lyons and told him that he had (riven the goods to his wife by a deed of gift prepared by Mr. Briggs. Alfred Torrie, sub-bailiff of the Runcorn County Court, proved taking possession of the house occupied by the claimant. Exceptional care was taken in the re- moval of the goods. Mr. John Cyons deposed to his beink told by Mr. • Saunders that he had given the goods to his wife by a deed of gift before leaving Manchester. His Honour said the high bailiff was net responsible for the process obtained. The claimant ought, in order tap prove her case,produce evidence to show that she had purchased the goods before marriage, or by her own money. No such conclusive evidence, however, had been given. Under the circumstances he gave judgment for the execution creditor, with costs on the higher scale. Mr. Briggs asked ler a case, and gave notice of appeal.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
the " Cl:miner "

OP LANCASHIRE AZID CHESHIRE C-OUNTY NEWSPAPERS COMpri3eA THE Warrington and .31id-Citesleire Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday morning. THE Earlestown and Z-etztoss Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afteamoon rr HE Runcorn Examiner, published every Friday 1 afternoon ; and THE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday afternoon.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. fsoming under the following heads are inserted in ALL the above-mentioned Papers for ONE CHARGE, as per scale given below. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET. SITUATIoNS VAC.ANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS WANTED, MONET WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT, MISCELLANEOUS WANTS, SOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR BOLD. One Three Six Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Adver- tisement inserted on credit under 29. per insertion.

Bornestit 00erbant5, &E.

AGENCY FOR SERVANTS.—Mr. MARTIN, 4, Kenmure- place, Garstang-road„ Preston.

PLAIN COOK WANTED; must be able to wash and iron; good wages.—Apply to Mrs. O'NEILL, Clun, Salop.,

WANTED, a female SERVANT, must be a good milker* —Apply Jo im TOMLINSON, Farmer, Crawshawbooth•

SERVANTS.—Ladies requiring good Servants, and Servants Situations should apply Mrs. GLOVER, 2, Park-st., Castle liorthwich. SERVANTS wanting places will do well to apply to Mrs. STEEPLE, Registry Office, 3, Long-st., Middleton, Man Chester.

VrANTED, respectable GIRL, about 18, for small family. V —Apply, Mrs. OLIVER, 5, Snow,lon-rd., Eccles, near 3lanchester.

yrANTED, SITUATION as under Gardener, four years' experience, good references.—J. SuinLEY, Sherbourne, near Warwick.

JADIES suited at once. Good GIRLS now waiting, good I references, Stamp for reply.—JONES'S Registry, Ketley, Wellington, Salop.

VIT ANTED, at once, good GENERAL, able ta wash.— ' Apply Mrs. MARSHALL, 232 Lytham Road, South Shore, Blackpool.

SERVANT WANTED, family of four; must be fond of children.—Write, stating salary, 6:c., to HARTLEV, 44, Carr Road, Nelson, Lane.

WANTED, GIRL (gentle birth) to educate with adver- tiser's daughter. age 7; county, .I,lidlands.—B., 76, Friar Lane, Leicester.

IVANTBD, Cooks, Housemaids. and General Servanrs for n Londo, country, Peaside, hotel, private. —Wine Mrs. CO3TER, Registry Office, Gioucemt ,r.

GENERAL SERVANT, experienced, WANTED, three in family good wages to competent person.—Address li.-,semount, Hough Green, near Widnes.

.C"K.—WANTED, Plain COOK. elergyman'3 family of two ; country; bouskmaid kept; wares about £l5.— Address, Mrs. RELTON, Worthen, Shrewsbury.

-VTANTED SITUATION as MAID to one lady ; good dress - \\ maker, hairdresser. and packer, age 31. M. It.. 56, i h Street Lingdale, Skeiton-in-Cleveland.

GENERAL SERVANT WANTED, fur small family; one •able to wash and iron; good wages; comfortable home. Address Box 30, " Examiner " Office, Warrington.

MISS HUDSON, Registry. 19, Irlam-st., Warrington, requires many experienced GENERALS; Situations all gentlemen's families; superior servants suited.

.G.NERAL SERVANT (good) Wanted, able to wash ; com- fortable home ; stlte wages required.— Address, Mrs. MENDS, 16 Douglas Terrace, Urmston, near Manchester.

WANTED. a GOOD GENERAL SERVANT (Protestant), who can wash, also girl 17 to 18, as Housemaid.— Address, stating age, wages expected and references, Z., Beweastle, Lathom, Ormskirk.

, GARDENER WANTS a SITUATION, single-handed, or good second. eleven year.,' experience in all branches, 'excellent references.—R. HOWARTH, 72, Whitelow-road, Choriton-cum-Hardy, Manchester.

GENTLEMAN }ughly reclmmends his Coachman; drive single or pair ; understands hunters And all stable duties; age 38, single, three years' character; two years previous—GOSLING, Freston Hill, Ipswich, Suffolk.

WANTED, good GRNFaiAL SERVANT as Plain Cook. and to assist with washing and ironing; two servants ' kept; wages £lB ; good referener, required.—Appiy by lettsr, Mrs. OWEN. Westwood Place, Whalley Range, Manchester.

Nk7 ANTBD. by trained nurse, light post as NURSE- COMPANION to elderly or delicate lady; no night -work or lifting; moderate salary; stcod reference 3 —Address nurse Scans:3. 1, York-terrace, Manchest-r-road. Southport. WANTED, Farm HOUSEKEEPH ft, being farmer's daughter, about 35 years (Baptist), abstainer, respect- able. Comfortable home, small family, servant kept.— Address, with reference, F. H., " Examiner" Office, atrington.

WANTED, au Engagement as GOVERNESS or Usetul COMPANION, Engliih, mrisic, plain and fancy work; fifteen ;ears' experience in the schoolroom. Good r3ferences.—Addre9s, with particulars, Miss Tuna, Landford Farm, near SaliAury, Wilts.

A I ALE and FEMALE N URSILIS INSTITUTION, 70, Hope-it., Liverpool. Eetab. 1878.—For reliable, Attendants. Mental, Medical, and Monthly Nurses, Masaage, apply or telegraph. " Nurses." Liverpool. '1 -lephone. 57C.

Itiontv.

1) 00000 At from 4 per cent. (trust and other • money) to be Advanced on :Mortgage •or Deposit, of Deeds, in sums to suit borrowers, in any part . of tb.ecountry.—J. W. READER, 5, Cook-street, Liverpool. Tel. No. 5.182.

• v

NrONEY PIZIV.VrELY ADVANCED. in snms X from £2 to £5OO. No fee vharg.ci. Great RED fiel lON I n INTEREST. Terms to suit Borrowers, Convenience. INTEREST ONLY 3d. in the £. Tables of repayment, given free or sent on receipt Id. stAmp.—Apply Mr. DARLow. 41. Duke-3t.. Southport. Private House.

NO FEES UNLESS CASH IS ADVANCED. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO upwards on BORROWERS' OWN PROMISSORY NOTE WITHOUT SURETIES. Upwards of £70,000 now being lent annually. For prospectus and terms, apply to GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 20, KENNEDY STREET, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1870.

APPLY AND BE CONVINCED. MR.isPpßrelpCarEe,d 27t0 CAhDese,k, hNacmE ilLiol osa df from Manchester, t e r , - up- wards to respectable Householders, Tradesmen, Farmers and -others, without Bondsmen or Sureties, at the following scale •of interest : £5 LOAN TO BE REPAID £lO 99 9$ Els £2O £3O •• "LAILCiE SlTl'dti in same proportion. ALL ADVANCES are PAID IN FULL, Distance no object. Money advanced at Borrower's Own House, thus saying them the trousle and expense of a journey. Farmers can have Cash on Terms that no other office can possibly offer. Letters immediately attended to..

===== 0002601_18941013_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES AND WARRINGTON.

ik,fr R. JOHN E. GOODWIN continues to make ADVA.NCIi•!:: ILL PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working-men, and all respectable Hcuseholders, on their own security. etiONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS, Without Eondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry, on your simple written prcrnise to pay back.—Apply pt Vi(J. TO RIA. CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES, and in WARRINGTCN at my Residence, 134, Orforde, any Evening from 6ti 7. Applications from RUNCORN aria District generally receive precisely the same attention.

MANCHESTER GENTLEMAN A having a large amount of Uninvested CAPITAL at his ccaimand is prepared to ADVANCF: same to responsible Persons in Sums of £lO to £lOOO, On the Borrower's simple written promise to repay ; Without Sureties, Delay. Law Costs or Publicity. Aso on Deeds, Life Po &c., at 5 per cent interest. Tne amount Borrowed can be repaid by easy instalments or capital can remain so long as the interest is paid, as this office is a bona:fide private concern and not connected th any Loan Office. It is requested that habitual borrowers will not apply. For full particulars apply personally or by letter to J. CAMPBELL, ESQ., MANi IIFSTER CHAMBERS, 46a. MARKET-sTV.iiET. 'M ANCH ESTER.

. .TEETII.—C. JORDAN AND SON. OLD ESTAB- LISHED SURGEON DENTISTS. 4 80, BOLD-STREET. LIVERPOOL. A COMPLETE SET, 15i. - Single Tooth, 25.; Stopping with Enamel. 2s. -; ditto Gold, Five years' warruity. Highly recommended by C. !' t - '''',,•,- . JORDAN, L.D.S., Royal College of Surgeons. Made in a . ~.... :•:,„;:-.,',:., . few hours without extracting old teeth or stumps. , From the Rev. FATHER N IiGENT: ....z-..:-14:`- _4. '-, • ' , To Messrs C. Jordan arid Son. Dear Sirs.—Having had n!casion to consut you several 4.-tri.,s ' • ' times during the past few ye,rs. allow ma to bear testimony to the highiy professional, skilf:.l, and humane treatment 1 have received from von as a dentist, and to assure you that you have always given me entire satisfaction.—l remain, de,ar Sirs, yours faithfully, J. P. NUGENT. From the Rev. JAMES KELLY, M.A. : • Dear Sir,—l have much pleasure in testifying to your professional carefulness and skill as a dentist, of which I have haft experience for now many years.—Believe me. . •,-, .• , , yours faithfully, JA3IES KELLY. 141. A.,• Incumbent of St. George's Church, „ Castle-street, Liverpool. a , sped..us may be Searl. COLidt.C.I.i.L.OII6 Ete.li, 13 to 7. P. BOLD-STREET (few doors above Slater-street) Liverpool. ' • -,IV- - •

•

Zpartmentoorurntslnti ILlcs ist.s,Scr

SOUTHP(M.T.—TO BE LET, Furnished, for winter months. 148, Lord-street.

AIRS. PETRBMONT, Plum n Tree Bank, Fernleigh-roaa, 1- GRANGE-OVER-SANDS. Comfortable APART- MENTS with homely people.—Terms moderate.

LLANDUDNO.—Winter APARTMENTS, sheltered from north and east ; grand mountain and sea views. Good cooking and attendance and moderate charges.—Miss GEARY. Golygla Deg, Abbey Road.

G'

titENTLEMAN'S SON WANTED, as an articled pupil, by a 1..1 firm of Auctioneers and House Agents; premium Address CLEAVER, Auction Mart, Heading.

CO tit Ett:

I iiiiESTi

GOVERNMENT DISPLACED HARNESS AND SAD- DLERY.—Cart saddles complete. 143. 6d.; riding saddles, 12s. 6d., 13s. 6d., 21s. ; backhands with tugs, 83. 6d,; collars, 89. 6d. ; breechings. 6s. 6[l. ; cruppers, Is. 6d. ; head- stalls, 2s. and 2s. 61. ; whips or driving gloves, is.; rollers, is. 6d. ; double-reined bridles, 43. 61.; spurs, is. ; traces, 69. per pair. Post orders or cheques to J. LANGDON and hoes, Contractors, 2 to 8, Nelson-street (corner of Duke- street), also at 116, Ri.:ll.liml-row, Liveri, »1. Tel?phone 2,106.

22 15s

DHOTOGRAPHIC STUDIO For Sale; a bargain: corn- plete.—Apply W. HICKhfAN, auctioneer, Warrington.

SMALL PRINTING PLANT for Sale; cheap; complete; MACHINES. Type, &c.—Apply W. Miczat.A.N,auctioneer, Warrington.

WINES AND SPIRITS. Cheapest in Manchester, quality conairlered.—G.M. JONIiS. 11, Victoria Bricike.

EVENING DRESSES. WEDDING DRESSES. MOURNING DRESSES. LADIES' OWN MATERIALS MADE UP. Dress and Mantle Department under most efficient management. Perfect fit guaranteed. • MISSES BROWN, ,

LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S OUTFITTERS, 63, BRIDGR-ST.. WARRINGTON. Next door to the Lion Hotel.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
r I- _ •' • " -----T E XA-MINEII. --SATURDAY OCTOBER,- la 1894.

bp taribatt Erratp.

gpalts bp Vrtbatt Crtatp,

===== 0002601_18941013_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
eriurati.oft.

MTESTBY HOUSE, LlTHAM.—Boeding School for Young Ladies.—Principal, Mrs. TOOTELL. Next. Term September 13.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
FRESH FROM. THE SEA.--ALL ALII4I. • We will send to Privets Families BASSES OF LIVE COD, PLAICE,•LING, At 2s. 6d., 3s. 6d. and 48.6 d. Carriage paid...v. Send P.O. with all orders. THE TRADE SUPPLIED. - Write for prices. Address— k ,%xt . .4ilM BRADLEY AND, . GRAHAtaiwimwa. FISH MERCHANTS, FISH DOCK.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
Publir 300u5t5, &T.

Oarness, tNrses, earts, Dog% Zicr

Olarinnerp, &r., 1:111 gMlr,

PAPER it TO A.NI PATTERN

SPEC;AL ATTENTION paid to -NeaZness and ' Viegancp InTROSPKTI.7,BIiB, PIWOR:AitikIES, NVARRANOVOIC, MINER,

J 1•

===== 0002601_18941013_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
Till& Isle of Man will now, no doubt, , The DeUntie- be regazdA as the refuge of Militia- man's Refuge. men who have tired of the annual drilling. It has been decided by the highest court in the island that a deserting militiaman can not be arrested so long as he keeps his feet firmly planted on Manx soil. This state of affairs, which must be rather embarrassing so far as the military authorities are concerned,is caused by an oversight or a blunder in drafting an Act of Parliament. It appears that the Army Act of 1881 was made ap- plicable to the Isle of Man, but the framers of the. 'Militia Act of 1882 seen to have forgotten that the ;little island in the Irish Sea forms part of the IBritish Empire. They have now been rather rudely reminded of the fact that there is an Isle of Man, and that it has its own courts and Deem- sters to give judgments according to its own laws.. :The militiaman, Looney, who invoked the inter- ferenc.e of the Manx courts will hereafter—amongst militiamen at all events—be one of the world's famous refugees. At the present time it seems to be as difficult to obtain" extradition " in his case •as in that of the famous Jabez.

The "Nonconformist Con- The "Nonconformist Conscience." science " is sometimes sneered at by those who have no clear apprehension of the real meaning of the Phrase, but at the same time it has its defenders even in unexpected quarters. For instance, at the Church Congress of all places, the Rev. J.E. C. WELLDON, the Head Master of Harrow, spoke not only respectfully but oven approvingly of it. As Mr. WELLDON points out, the expression, "Noncon- formist Conscience," is really the name given to a remarkable rising of public opinion" which has , helped to purify and sweeten the political and commercial life of the country. There are people who say that the "Nonconformist Conscience" is foolish or vindictive, but Mr. WELLDON is not of that opinion. "So far as I can see,it has," be says, " until lac-by lcn rimjiy thc: utterancc., cf a disin-

1 terested an enlightened moral sense; it has been t. an outburst of 3. just and righteous indignation." It has now mgd :r "that the moral sense of the e el!,ok nation will not the affront of notorious stfiti4 sensaality in a promiinesa public man, be he , statesman or administrator; OT ,nrince." In the Opinion of this prominent Churel'irer.o it is not the Nonconformists who need to be- ashaqn oc': of having a public conscience, but the Church of Eng-1211d for not having had more of it.

THE war in the Enat de:reloPes The War in the East. elowly, There is, it if tru,ls no

lack of news of the progress Pf even published in the daily newspapers,. but' the newt is ;unreliable. 7here isa little information to be deriwxf from the actual seat of war,except what cornegfrom one or other of the combatants-,.and neither the Chinese no Sapertese seem to'have the strictest regard for accuracy. Two or throe. weeks- ago- there were full details reported of' a: great Xapanese victory, bnt,, according to the. Chinese, these details were, for the most part, the' products of a vivid imagination. The Celestials do' not enctly deny that an encounter of some kind or another did take place, but they allege that it was only a small affair, and that none. of their best troops were engaged. It seems certain,. however, that when the troops of the two countries; do meet the suberior discipline and leadership of the. Japan- ese give there the victory. They are being aided too, by Chinese dishonesty, for it has- been found that the great stores of rifles, and ammunition that it was supposed' had been bought are really non-existent. The money' that should have been expended in preparationefor war has gone into the pockets of thievish officints. Now, however, the Chinese seem to be making-- desperate efforts to repair the effects of past mis- management, and, considering the immense - resources and population of their country, it is quite possible that they may yet turn the tables' upon the Japanese, if the latter do not strik& quick:y and strike hard..

===== 0002601_18941013_art0051.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Oales bp Rurtton.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
.B.y Mr. WILLIAM ELLiS.

By OLIVER GEE.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
By Messrs. T. J. L. TUNSTALL 4- CO.

Christian SOMIS interesting particulars of the Endeavour origin and growth of the Christian Societies. Endeavour movement was given in it paper read at the meeting of the Baptist Union, in, Newcastle last week. The effects of the movement were certainly not minimised by the writer of the paper, the Rev. J. STUART, of Wat- ford, for he‘ declared that "for good or ill, it had opened, a, new page in Church history." The first Christian Endeavour Society was founded in Portland Maine, and the problem which its originator, Dr. CLARKE, stt hi mself to solve was "how to give everyone some proper work fitted to his power and years." The growth of the move- ment has, it appears, been phenomenal. In thirteen years there were 28,696 branches in the United States, 2,243 in puma da, and 1,453 in Great Britain. The Baptists are in the van in this country with 391 branches, the Congregation, alists coming next with 353, and the Methodists with 231. The speakers who debated the paper seem to have been unanimous in commendation of the work done by the Socieities.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
DROWNING FATALITY AT WARRINGTON. 7- 1-

• STRANGE IDEAS OF A WITNESS. The inquest upon the body of Ann Chamber:din,. of Orford, whose body we found in the river Mersey near Arpley meadows, on Friday afternoon,. was held on Tuesday at the Black Horse Inn,Sankey Bridges, by Mr. S. Brighouse.. .James Chamberlain, the son of the deceased, said thz.ts he was a postman and resided with his mother at Orford. Deceased was 71. years of age, and she was widow. He last saw her alive on September 26th, at night, when she expressed her intention of going to see her daughter, Mrs. 'faker, in Lovely-lane. He never, saw her, alive again. She never got to Mrs. Taker's - house. He saw her body on Saturday night. James Watkinson, 44; Leonard-st., said that he saw the deceased at eight o'clock on the night of September 26th, near Orford Hall. She said that she was going to see her daughter. He went with her as far as Battrsby- lane, and then left her. The night was very dark. Alfred Gough, 7, Balfour-at., Runcorn, captain of the tug boat Heywood, belonging to the Manchester Ship Canal, said that at about 2.30, on the previous Friday afternoon he saw the body of the deceased floating dowry the river Mersey, near Walton Arches. He took the body up the river, and fastened it to the bank and then sent for the police. The Coroner : What did you do that for ? Witness : I was not aware that we could take the body out of the water until the. police were present. (Laughter.)

, , The Corner: What ideas some people have ! But suppose there was probably some life, would you then wait until the police came. Witness: I should have taken it out then. Sergeant Devlin: A note was sent to the police at Warrington, and they sent to us. We got there at five o'clock. The Coroner : Why the body. would be in the river almost two hours! How was it fastened to the bank? Sergeant Devlin: There was a rope round the body, and it was made secure by fastening it to a stake in the bank. The Coroner: This is a strange idea. P.C. Dugdale said that he found the body some dis- tance above Walton Arches. When searched, ss. 20. was found in the pockets of the deceased, and a small bottle of whiskey. There were no marks of violence. Sergeant Devlin said that the body had been towed up the river for a quarter of a mile before it was secured to the bank.

The Coroner: You see sargeant,, how these people are afraid of you. You ought to be quite pleased. (Laughter.) The jury returned an open verdict of "Found drowned."'

===== 0002601_18941013_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
"THE DEMOSTHENES OP METHODISM."

LECTURE AT WARRINGTON. The committee of the Young People's Society of Christian Endeavour in connection with the Bold- street Wesleyan Chapel, held the ETst of a series of lectures, which they intend to carry out during the winter months, on Monday evening. The lecturer on that occasion was the Rev. Dinsdale T. Young, of Manchester, one of the rising ministers in Wesleyan Methodism, and he chose as his subject," The Demosthenes of Methoiisrnr being a sketch of the life of the Rev. Samuel Bradburnone of the early ministers in the Wesleyaß Methodist connection. There was a good attendance. in the schoolroom to hear the rev.

kentleman, and the chair was occupied by the superin- tendent of the Sunday School who briefly introduced the lecturer.

The Rev.. D. T. Youndin.introducing his subject said that the history of Methodism was a marvellous history. It was a . istory of a splendid seirizual triumph, and it presented strange blending of noble, intellectual, and fervent spiritual life in which,the heroic had always keen conspicuous. There were-some pessimists who said that there was nothing of the heroic in modern Metho- dism,.but he believed that was slanderous, and that there were in many a rural district and in many a. seething city many exemples, of Methodist heroism. He thought that they ought to know more of the early Methodist preachers of 1.50 years ago. From despised begianings,they became under divine providence,a Chris- tian church which had spread in almost every part of the world. Connected with this evangelistic battle was the name of Samuel Bradburn. This man was conspicuous for his usefulness, and by his labours he turned many to righteousness. He laboured constantly in the Metho- dist ministry for upwards of 40 years, and he was always esteemed the Demosthenes of early Methodism. In these days when the doctrines of heredity were so much preached,. it was always necessary to give an. account of a man's paretiege. 'Quite a romance could be written of the life of Bradburn's father and mother. In the year 1740, in the old city of Chester, they were• married,,without the consent of their parents, and with- out any prospect of, being able to support a family. Black, clouds quickly gathered,and one night while in a public house, he found that a shilling had been slipped into his pocket, and that he was thereby enlisted in the army. Although he endeavoured to prove that he had not accepted the shilling, he was compelled to go, and-his wife went with him. "Sammy," as the subject of.the lecture was always known, was born just as the vessel bearing the regiment in which his father was drafted, hove in sight of Gibraltar. Twelve years were spent in Gibraltar, and then Bradburn's parents removed, to Chester where at the age of thirteen years he. was apprenticed to a cobbler. His history of four or five years was a very dark one for he plunged into all kinds. of vice, but he fortunately changed his master and worked for a Christian cobbler, by whom he became so impressed with the truths of Christianity that he be- came a convert and joined the Methodist Church. On February 7th, 1773, he happened to be at a Methodist chapel in Wrexham, and as the local preachen appointed) did not arrive, the chapel steward asked " Sammy" te occupy the vacant pulpit. After a little hesitation he did so, and, notwithstanding the absence of. grammars his sermon was so powerful that at night the chapel vial; crowded to hear him. This was the commencement of his ministerial labours, and he was finall7 taken into the ministry, where he became a wonderful power for good- In 1799 lie was elected President of the Conference, the highest position in Methodism. The iecturer described these various details with great eloquence, and then gave a number of humorous anecdotes which were told of Samuel Bradhurn. With great pathos he told of Bradburn's fall throtieh drink alter he had passed the president's chair. This fall was however only ternP9r- ary, and he died honoured by all in July 26, 1816. Bs was buried next to his great and beloved friend, John Wesley, and was followed to his grave by the memberS of the conference which was sitting at the time in City- road Chapel, London. At the close of the lecture a hearty vote of thanks was accorded the Rev. D. T. Young for his eloquent address. and the hope was expressed that he would ceme again before long. The meeting was breu:ht to a cicEe by the 0. Liw Leueutctivu.

•

LOCAL NEWS.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0056.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
/

===== 0002601_18941013_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
EIT:SDA CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOUR SOCIETY RUNCORN. ) first meeting of this society was held on Wednes- vening for the purpose of reforming the class for sming session. There was a large attendance and Facers elected were :—President : The Rev. John on ; vice-presidents : Messrs. W. H. Chadwick, ieorge Lacey ; treasurer : Mr. C. C. Le Content. :ling secretary : Mr. P. Cartwright; corresponding, ,ary : Mr. IV. Outhwaite. A" Lock Out Com- e, Social Committee and Prayer Meeting Committee likewise appointed.

HALTON-ROAD WESLEYAN CHURCH, RUNCORN. organ of the Halton-road Wesleyan Methodist :h, Runcorn, was presided over on Sunday by Pro- R. W. Handley,organist at the church of Scotland, tool., who brilliantly executed the following selec- :luring the day's services :—Adagio, from "The t" Beethoven ; " Traumerri." Schumann; "Gloria elsis " (" Twelfth Mass"), Mozart; Andante' E. , Batiste ; and Offertoire, Dr. J. F. Bridge. The ters gave an excellent interpretation of " The my Shepherd" in the evening.

_ ILLIER'S BREAD iS the beat money can buy.—Arint.

RUNCORN SONS OF TEMPERANCE. he usual meeting of the above order on Saturday 1g under the presidency of Mr. George Sutton, it ;reed to have essays and discussions at the fort- y meetings during the winter months. This was ered an excellent means of increasing the atten- , and improving the minds of the members. It lso felt that a special effort should be made to im- istruction to the cadets or juvenile members, in inciples of total abitinence and thus preserve them ;he many temptations that lie in their path through

lER'S FRESH IRISH DAIRY BUTTER, 10d. per lb. is nt.—Advt. A NOISY WOMAN la RIINCORM. Wednesday morning at the Runcorn Occasional Court before Mr. T. Handley, Emma Nixon, of Ki residence was charged with being drunk and erly on the previous evening in High-street at half even.—Sergeant Gill said that the prisoner was runk and was making use of very bad language date mentioned. Witness was told to go away 1 times but refused to do so.—Prisoner. denied the P saying that she had never tasted beer all the Tined 55. and costs or in default seven days im- ment with hard labour.

lER'S IS. BUTTER is the gem in the market.—Advt. FRUIT BANQUET AT RUNCORN. ;onnection with the Christian Endeavour Society Primitive Methodist Chapel, Runcorn, a fruit et took place in the. schoolroom on Monday even- large company being present. The chair was )y Mr. T. Reynolds, who expressed the pleasure it ed him to be present at such a large gathering. A rranged programme of capital music was gone ;h and greatly appreciated by the audience. g the artistes were Misses Hillidge, Houghton, I, Miles, Davies, A. Davies ; Messrs. F. Shingler, bbs, G. Page, and Richardson. Miss Temperley Lbly presided at tile piano. During the evening it fruit were distributed by the young ladies. The tements were admirably carried out by the mem- f the Social Committee, assisted by Mrs. Wilson. LATE MR. T. C. EDWARDS-MOSS AND WIDNES. late Mr. T. C. Edwards-Moss, member of Parlia- for the division, left £l,OOO for the charities of )s. This, at the suggestion of the vicar, has been ed by Miss Edwards-Moss to the establishment of rict nurse for Widnes. Captain Lewis and Mr. ; Deacon,the trustees of the capital sum,which has Invested for the purpose, have appointed Nurse Williams, who was trained at the Southern Hos- Liverpool. She will at once commence her duties, will embrace the sick of all denovninations. Miss rds-Moss is generously adding £35 a year tc, the st accruing for a few years till the scheme is es- bed. tER'S BLACK BLENDED TEA. 20. per quarter lb.—Advt CTURE AT RUNCORN "How TO LEARN FRENCH." tar the auspices of the Science and Art Committee Runcorn School Board, the session of the French was on Wednesday evening opened by Mons. B. ier, tutor, in the Greenway-road schools, by the 'ry of a lecture on "How to learn French." A fair er of intending pupils were present and manifested Tcatest interest in the lecturer's remarks. M. ler spoke of the various methods in vogue for learn- ,e language and exposed the fallacy of some. Ho .xplained his own mode very lucidly and observed Le felt sure that if the students would strictly fol- s teaching they would soon be able to make short ices for themselves and by continuous work—by ing and writing—would speedily master the lan- There is every appearance that this class will, near future, become a most successful one.

THE WIDNES STARVATION CASE. Widnes on Monday, before Mr. H. Wade Deacon, rine Melton, whose last address was 9, Railway-st., !s, was charged with causing the death of her son, y Arthur Melton, aged fifteen months, who died in on Workhouse on the 2nd ult. Dr. O'Keefe and .11 made a post-mortem examination of the deceased 4th ult. He weighed but 71bs.5oz.,and the cause Ali was emaciation and phthisis, brought on by A. Superintendent Keighley said the prisoner had gone a month's imprisonment for neglecting the and the inquest would be held next day.—Prisoner as apprehended by Police-constable Woosfield on ay morning on leaving the gaol after serving the 1, was remanded till Thursday pending the inquest. AER'S sell the best quality goods at lowest possible —Advt.

DARING LEAP FROM RUNCORN BRIDGE. 'corn Bridge was on Saturday afternoon the scene kre and exciting occurrence though it was not ssed by many spectators. It is not often that we professional divers performing in our midst but on Jay afternoon " Professors " Cartwright and J. W. , both of Cottonopolis, appeared on Runcorn ; the first to jump therefrona into the canal and cond to dive into the river. Shortly after four It they made their appearance, accompanied by a iends. Smith mounted the rails and succeeded in g his dive. Having swum ashore he rejoined his Inions. Cartwright, after preparing for the leap, , however, that the telegraph wires at the side of idge were a hindrance, and consequently aban- his intention to jump. He also thought the water ot high enough, but declared that he would make empt when the spring tides would give him a suffi- depth of water. He said he was prepared to dive lan in the world in shallow water, and that John- 3hallenge to Tommy Burns did not frighten him. ded that he had dived from Trafford Bridge on the ms Thursday. CIER'S Hill everything for the smallest possible profi ts.

SOCIAL GATHERING AT RUNCORN. Tuesday a very pleasant gathering of members iends of the Bethesda Literary and Social class ',.ed with the church took place ha the _Lecture

During the interval refreshments were dispensed sses Heatherington, Rebb. and Cringle. The Rev. iimpson, who presided, gave a short address deal- ith the work of the past session. He likewise of the hopeful prospects of the session upon which were about to embark, and laid before them a 1 of the work to be performed which included es on his tour through Switzerland, Germanytand ,m. The poet Tennyscn he has also intended to the subj Pet of several lectures ; and at the present, rg from the rev, gentleman's remarks, the session's should prove highly interesting and instructive. roceedings were made the more enjoyable by the 1 performance of an admirably arranged pro- ne of vocal and instrumental music, among the ,Er being :—Misses Fleatherington, Johnson, Smith, Aaggie Heatherington, Messrs. E. Worrall, E. wood, and W. Cooke. Recitations were given by 1.. Rogers.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
TENING OF THE RUNCORN TONIC SOL-FA CHOIR

SEASON. ill prove welcome news to any of our towns- who have a taste for music, and there are a great of them, to hear that the Tonic Sol-Fa Choir are their first concert of the season on Wednesday next. The success which has attended the efforts 3 choir have earned for them the distinguished iage of the Duke of Westminster Sir Joseph ey, Mus. Doc., who is a well-known figure in the ccomplished musical circles ; and likewise that of beral member, Mr. J. T. Brunner M.P. That the ers deserve this distinction there is not the of a doubt. They have worked hard ; and the ctions of their painstaking conductor. Mr. John d, have beer; minutely and diligently carried This is the secret of their success ; and Holford is worthy of their most sincere ; for having given them the benefit of his very !xperience. The programme of music is an excel - le, and contains many pieces which will sure to eeted with favour. The artistes engaged are td ones, possessing rare and v&uable.reputations. ,hd Holford, will, as formerly, wield the baton, Mrs. liav,whose accomplishments as a pianist are i to nearly every Runcornian, will accompany the s vocalists on the piano. 'The prices of admission ry moderate, and " a full house" is confidently ed. Outsiders have helped the choir,and it is now. la of our own townspeople to help by patronising 1, their first appearance this seasoß. Further par- s will be found in our advertising columns.

:NO MACHINES Hand S.-2 Ws. 6d. Treadle £4 4s. witl t ivalunt cove.r.--J. an 1 W. DUTTnN, 16 and 18 -st., Warringten.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
POISIBLES V. PROBABLES Mel. RUNCORN PLATERS SELECTED. Those of the Runcorn footballer S who have been lh.-ri chosen to play in the " Possibles " te on Thursday next in the match between the above 1, t Birkenhead Butterws„,, - Park are Messrs. Richardson, th, and T. Lightfoot, Warder, three-quarter backs and Messrs. It?, and F. Gayter, forwards. BRUNSWICK-STREET MUTUAL IMPROVE:CM/WC/4. "St

RUNCORN, Mr. T. Simister presided over the ordinary incete:l/21t of this class in the Brunswick schoolroom, on Wednectl\ evening, at which there was a large attendance. Tim form which the evening's proceedings took was that oi a I competitive reading, the chosen piece being "The Bari{ of Sir Thomas More." Four ladies and four gentlemen competed and the one adjudged to be the best was Miss C. Littler. The eloqutionary power of this young lady was completely thrown into her task, and at the con- clusion of her rendering she had made a very favourable impression upon the audience. DEATH OF A FROMINENT" ODDFELLOW LT RUNCORN.

The death occurred on Monday evening at his resi- &rice 3, Bridgewater-street, Runcorn, of Mr. George Barton. 4i3 years of age, who had for a long time past, been ill, and attended by Dr. Robinson. He was an exceedingly well-known man in the town,.and was a shipwright by trade. He was a member of the Ship- wrights' Association,and had been honoured with the Position of Chairman of Committee for along tinie. For 32 years he had been associated with the Rose of Sharon Lodge of the Grand United Order of Oddfellows,and had occupied all the chairs. He leaves a widow to mourn his loss. His remains will be interred on Saturday after- noon in the Runcorn Cemetery when the shipwrights and , Oddfellows will show their respect to his memory by following in possession to the graveside.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
CLOSING OF THE RUNCORN BOWLING SEASON.

The closing main in connection with the Runcorn Bowling Club was played off on Wednesday afternoew on the green belonging to the Bridge Inn. There waa a muster of eighteen members, but owing to the ground being wet the scoring was not very high. The following were the prize winners :-Ist, Wm. Wright ; 2nd, Frank Richardson ; 3rd, Joseph Ackers ; 4th, Henry Miller and sth,Thomas Dean. The players afterwards partook of an excellent dinner,: provided at the Bridge Inn, sub. sequent to which the undermentioned officers were appointed for the year 1895' :—President : Thos. Dean vice-president and treasurer Thomas Cooper ; secre- tary: Wm.. Wright ; committee : Messrs. Thos. Woods, Jun., S. Johnson, J. Stretch, H. Grundy, I. Worthing- ton, Joseph Ackers, Frank Richardson, James James,— Abrams, John Heath, Joseph Shaw, and R. Briscoe. The evening was spent in a most convivial manner, songs being given by Messrs. Wright, Shillitoe, Dean, and Richardson. Professor H. Miller created much amuse- ment amongst the audience by his clever ventriloquial tricks. The accompaniments were played on the piano by Mr. Alfred Rayeascroft.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
THINGS HEARD AND SEEN AT RUNCORN.

BY AN OCCASIONAL CONTRIBUTOR.

It is generally known that we have typhoid fever in our midst, but it is not so much a matter of general information that our Health Committee refuses to admit persons suffering from this disease into the hospital on Runcorn Hill. Yet it. is a fact that the leading lights of our Health Committee do not consider it necessary for the health of the town to isolate these cases, and so our medical men are left to do what they can by themselves•to stamp out the disease. At the beginning of the present week a woman died from the complaint, and the circumstances of this case, which are of a very melancholy nature, might be urged in favour of the hospital being thrown open for the , purpose cited above. It must not be thought that this was the only case which ought, out of absolute necessity, to have been removed to the isolation hospital for there are unhappily many more of an equally dangerous nature. Some two months ago the woman alluded to had passed through a very , severe illness and soon after forsaking her bed— which she did several weeks too soon in order to attend to her childrens' wants—one of the children I and her husband became ill with typhoid fever and had to take to their bed. Unfortunately, this bed had apparently to serve the uses of all the members of the family, numbering six, and was situated in the kitchen, where all meals we re prepared and eaten. So that while the two were struggling through the disease the other children and the mother, who was of course still very weak, were sleeping in the bed, and breathing the same air. The husband managed to rally through and got up, but no sooner had he done so than his wife was seized with the illness. Two of the other children were next affected, and the hus- band,who had only reached the convalescent stage, had to administer to the wants of all, and get what little rest he could. There were,then,as will readily be seen, four persons suffering from the fever at once; all sleeping in one bed, and that placed in ' none too large a room.

It was impossible for these poor people to get proper rest at any time with their bodies all cramped into one bed, and the mother often ex- pressed the wish that the hospital would receive some of her children in order to give them and her- self a fair chance to recover. But although the children gradually got better the mother got worse until on Monday last she expired. Is this son of thing* continue whilst the ratepayers have the means close at hand of saving these poor unfortun- ate beings? Surely these are cases which need iso- lation and the ratepayers would not be very great losers by such cases being taken to the hospital. It is the height of folly to keep a hospital closed against such cases because of a bit of a squabble between the Guardians and Commissioners as to who shall pay. The town should be kept healtlay.therefore the committee should do their best to rid us of the disease notwithstanding its attendant expense. If this is not done, and very soon too, we shall find ourselves mixed up with such a collection of diseases that the very doctors will despair of curing us.

The Work of a district nurse is by no means light, and judging from the remarks of some of the speakers at the recent meeting of the subscribers to the Runcorn Nurse Fund, the lay who holds that position in this town has her hands full. She is evidently an enthusiast and manifests the deepest sympathy with her more unfortunate fellow crea- tures. There seems to be no higher sphere of labour for woman than that of "healing the sick," and surely that ought to be high enough to satisfy the most ambitious of our ladies. Every woman is a nurse, only perhaps not in the same degree as the one of whom we have spoken; i and it would truly go hard with us f woman, in some of her present day airy flights, were to fly be- yond the sphere of nursing. Doctors are every day expressing their warm approbation of every separ- ate district having its nurse, and some of these medical men frankly admit that their own skill would not count for much in some cases if a nurse was not in attendance. Therefore the object of raising sufficient funds for the maintenance of the nurse in Runcorn is a worthy one; and the appeals for assistance will, we hope, not go unanswered.

To hear some of the tales that are going the rounds of Runcorn would raise a doubt in certain people's minds that they are living in the nineteenth century : the age of civilization and progress. The circumstances connected with the death of the late Mrs. Anderton are sad in the extreme, and have formed the chief topic of 'conversation and specu- lation amongst the inhabitants of the neighbour- hood wherein she had resided. At the coroner's inquiry several witnesses testified to having known the deceased woman quite intimately and gave evidence of their identification of the woman's features. Other undoubted evidences were brought forward, and on Tuesday afternoon the remains were interred in the cemetery. Sub- sequent to this ceremony there was a most dis- graceful scene inside and outside of the cemetery gates. \Some two to three thousand persons had ' gathered together, and as the carriages left the burial ground, they hooted loudly and made use of very ill-selected words. On Wednesday night there was a rumour that the deceased woman had been seen that night in the bar of the " Anchor Inn," drawing beer ; whilst others said that her body had again been found at Preston Brook. One woman emphatically stated that she had seen Mrs. Anderton in the flesh, giving the silver spoons, which she had taken from the house on the night of her disappearance, away to some of her acquaintances, it is really astonishing the amount of credence which was given to these tales, and as a consequence of their spreading several hundreds of people visited the "Anchor Inn" that same night with the view of catching a glimpse as they said, of the deceased 'lady. When are we going to cease believing in the supernatural ?

ACCIDENT TO A FOOTBALL FLA:MR AT NEWTON. On Saturday afternoon during the progress or a match betwen Newton-le-Willows reserve and Penketh reserve, Enoch Millington, one of the Newton players, collided with one of his opponents, end fell to the ground. When he was examined it was found that one of his legs was broken. lie was removed to the surgery of Dr. Watkins, where the fractured limb was set, and he was then removed borne.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EX A MINEit;

^ .^^ v 7

===== 0002601_18941013_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
A LAGGARD LOVER AT RUNCORN.

A SUDDEN CHANGE OF MIND.

A young man hailing from Mossley, near Old- ham, having won the affections of a young Runcorn lady, "popped the question," and was accepted. Prepartions were at once made for providing a suitable dwelling, and when all was complete the banns were announced in the Runcorn Parish Church the requisite number of times. The wedding ceremony was announced to hake place at the church mentioned on Wednesday aft ernoon shortly after two o'clock, The prospec- tive bridegroom, accompanied by his mother jour- neyed to Runcorn from Motmtey,and upon arrival at 1 the bride's house, attired themselves in their best 1 apparel for he event. Preparations also went for- ward merrily with the other members of the wedding party, the bride of conrse being the centre of attention. The intending bridegroom betook himself in apparent glee to Messrs-. Tarwood's stables and ordered the necessary conveyances,. and at about one o'ci'ack everything was in perfect readiness. Suddenly the young an both ought himself thar he bad not had time to iaduilge in oe shave that morning owf,ng to the program- af more weighty matters, and immediately expressed' his intention of going to a !lairdresser's for this purpose.. He went.. At two o'albck promptly the wedding carriages, 'tour in number,,puiled up at the door, but no bride— groom had arrived. Everyone was ready bit' of coursa couki not think of lerving the.l hAuhe minus this very necessary young man..l 'The minutes flew by until a quarter to three o'clock and. no 'A.ece of the young man having been found it was decided to send the aarriages back. A messenger had been, previously sent in great haste to the church to see if by choince the required personage was patiently waiting there,.l but the only person found there, waiting patiently, was the I.Zev. Mr. Jameson, who was to have performed the marriage ceremony.. (Shortly before three o'clock, thiks gentleman also left. A search was immediately made for the missing lover andfrom inquiries it was found that he had obtained a shave at a local barber's not far from the house. Efferts to trace his aubse- quent movements, were however, fruitless,. The occurrence has- had a very bad effect upon ! the bride-elect, and she was attended by a medical man who found her in a prostrate state.. !The affair has created quite a sensation iti the neighbourhood of the bride's dweliling and is being ! generally spoken about. On Thursday a telegram I was received saying that the prospective bride— groom was at home at Mossley.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES BY THE WAY AT EARLESTOWN.

BY AN OCCASIONAL CORM3:SPONDItNT.

I am sorry to Ind that Nurse Wilson,. the dis- trict nurse for the Medical and Surgical Aid Society, has resigned her position. During her stay in the neighbourhood she has, done an immense amount of good, and her visits have proved nothing short of a blessing in many house- hold . Still the work was not exactly what she expected it to be, and consequently she was some- what disappointed. In addition to this other little matters affecting the inner working of the Society, cropped up, and taking all things into considera- tion the nurse considered her only course, was to resign the position, much to the regret of the Com- mittee.

Another nurse has been appointed—Mrs. Jones, who has charge of the depot, and in my opinion the committee have made a very suitable choice. Mrs. Jones is a certificated nurse having served her probation at the Manchester Infirmary, and also acted in the capacity of private nurse on the staff, in outside cases. Of course, as I said, when first the question of appointing a nurse was brought up, the committee must take care not to interfere too much with her in the execution of her duties. To all intents and purposes she is public property, the committee simply acting as the representatives of the public, and it should be distinctly understood that she does not belong to any one medical man. It is absurd to suppose for one moment that an' medical man can appropriate her services for his patients alone. Each and all have an equal claim upon her, but her attendance should only be re- quired at cases where professional aid is needed. If the committee wish to steer clear of rocks, they must keep this ever before them.

Since the public meeting of ratepayers held a week or two back, respecting the ques- tion of how best to select candidates for the District Council, matters have been rather quiet, although I believe the various ward Committees have met and advanced matters a stage. Rumours there are, in plenty, but what foundatiln they have in fact, I cannot at present say. As I said before,the committees are so mixed, both as regards politics and creed, that it will sur- prise me me very much if they are able to come be- fore the ratepayers again, and say they have suc- ceeded in selecting their candidates. I hear already that one or two of the committees art, not exactly " happy.families," and things are not going quite so pleasantly as one would wish. If all be true, however, I cannot see of what use the Ward Com- mittees will be, for when they have said and done all they can, the thing will without a doubt be fought on strictly party lines. We want 15 coun- cillors, but already, with the Conservative selec- tions, the ward's committees selections, and so- called Independent candidates, we have something like double that number, ready and willing to sacrifice their peace of mind for the benefit of the " workingman."

I almost forgot to mention that the "new woman "craze has found its way into Earlestown, and we have now a few advocates making strenu- ous efforts to take women from their proper sphere, the domestic hearth, and put her on a level with that presumptuous creature, called " man." Of course they are feeling their way very carefully just at first, in order to see in what spirit their claims are received, but they do not intend to re- main long in the background, and as a preliminary they have seized the present opportunity of circu- lating broadcast some literature on "The Election of Women on Parish and District Councils." I have heard the names of two ladies who are to be brought forward in competition with the inferior article, as candidaMs for the Council, and if the result rested with the women, well,they might get elected.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES FROM LIVERPOOL AND DISTRICT.

(BY A LIMB OF THF.. LAW.)

Birkenhead is in the throes of an electiom. MC W. H. Lever, one of the well-known manufacturers of "Sunlight" soap is the Liberal candidate, and he has a very good chance of succeeding. Birkenhead I believe has never yet returned a Liberal member, but the Liberal party ate very sanguine this time. The Levers are very popular as they have not only been generous to Birkenhead hut have shown in several ways practical sympathy with their em- ploy6s. Their business has recently been turned into a Limited Company. The works which are plemsantly situated in the country near to Brom- boro' Pool now employ upwards of 1,500 men and boys. They have also erected a considerable num- ber of houses in which their workmen and families reside.

There is a prevailing idea that Liverpool is one of the most drunken places in England. I often think this is a most erroneous idea. I have Wen in most parts of the city and my experience is that there is in proportion to population less drunkenness than in the manufacturing towns of Lancashire. It is a rare sight indeed to see a drunken man in the chief streets of the city in the business part of the day.

One of the American Line of Steamers intend to build two more steamers—of course they mean to "lick creation." Yankees always state that and these steamers are going to be superior to any others afloat. As it is intended to build them in America the probability is that they will not suc- ceed as it is proverbial that the "Yankees have not yet been successful in building steamers." Those two fine steamers the " Campania" and " Lucania " are running splendidly and making " record " passages. To see them on the Mersey one can hardly realise their stupendous size and how easily a man's hand can guide them. Their length is 620 feet (i.e. over 206 yards long), breadth 65 feet 3ins.. depth 43 feet, tonnage 12,950, horse power 30,000 accomodation 1,400 passengers besides of course luggage. The funnels of these steamers are of great size their inside diameter being rather more than 19 feet and to give an idea of their size it will be found that if they wer tunnels ine-09,1 ef tu-ne's that a railway train can pass dowa :hem.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
!';', A TURDA OCTOBER _1894.

placed themselves in a dilemma and ex- - posed t ,:be Watch Committee of the Liverpool Corpora- tion :lase Ilayors, being a bachelor, has apartments at the Adelf.k inhi Hotel. He wrote complaining of the of the ex- ride by, the newsboys, and because he ..sometody,' and had what is termed a was cries m. a " handle "to his i'lame,his letter was seriously con- sidered, the result being that the newsboys were I hunted from his district. Now, a lady residing in I ! oPrince aroe offence,sPaarknoticing ut this,has written complaining f the ;, the Watch Com- behold! mittee have decided not tc) interfere with the news- boys, as they find they v 7,91 have to stop them all over the city. Sympathy is with the little ragged nrchins,as the public state with all their "shouting"' that they are a " convenience"' And not a " null :mace,'

The Congregational Union has ben holding its cnnference in Liverpool this week, I observed three well known WycHan wending their way to in of its meetings on Tuesday last on the top of a 'bus,

ST. HP: LENS.

Fiiu Arr Sr. El Eit./11..

On .F.:Tindav mcnning a fire broke out in the fsa shed at the S',7.:tton Lodge Chemical WorksySt. Helens and in a short Zime the place wAs gutted.. The dainage is' estimated at £5O.

.NErbV MACZ-STRATII_ FOR ST. HM.XSTS.

-....---. , The name. of Mr. Gerald Warwick V.4wlinq, of rotr.k Mount, Rainhill, rnana,ging director of elmnical wG°Yris, was on Tue/day added to the Cominisna- of the Peaoq?, for St. Helew..

-_,..4:

CATCH& A PIKEO---

By gyow, iT but tizi. bad, oyeee That " theaut Ez " Sammul " ,lAter't i` NyowtOri Bruck;. Wen th' seet on Made him skrike ! He gyous't ez it wuz Ii kite hang, An' welly like a whale ,! But th' rummest thing abea".'4i'irf *rut., He'd hook% it bi its tail! • Eleaw that greyt thing geet theee, Co Sam, Wur quite a mystery ; It made him think he'd fund a link I' Naeraf History! Be scrat his yed, an' seet on Ur' bonk, Rom ful/ of anxious deaubt ; An' wonder 't wheer th' tackle wur, Cud poo this %Popper eaut. Tb' Owd Fisherznon vruz theft' too, Ez lively ea a fea Wl' a guand rose In his buttonhole, Ea puz'zlet moos than me. Wheerever dim he get urn fro? Heavr oft this question's ax't ? To find it eaut, thee's mony a brain Bin sadly ovvertax't. Lord, heaw these jokers poci'd an' jerk't, To get that fish to load !! 'Twux ten times woss- than bring& up A pair o' cauves bi hond ! "Sam" look't ez. if he'd bin hault cant, Fro a brevvees scandinr vat;: Wile th' Owd Practitioner,. 'twuz' Wuz welly smoor't Vswat !: At last thay geet it carted o'er To th' "Lord o' th' Manor's Arms An' th' lonlert hung it up to dry, An' show off aw its charms. It soon geet buzz'd abeaut, ontil Aw th' village coom to stare;. An' mony a one went worn that Well, not quite "en the square But just lefoor thay aw made off Tleowd Mester up an' spoke, An' sed he'd fund it eaut at last, Jack-ftshin' wuz no joke. An' if thay wanted him agen Tharrd find him on the strike, He did like catching breeum, but— lie draved the line at pike ! Wheerever that greyt monstre went,. Aw never heered it sed ; An' aw'm noan beaun to ax, fer fear Aw get a purr o'th' red. Aw don't want t' hey my body jarr'd' Wi' other folkses' legs ; An' so aw'll stop, an' cut mi atick— Yore's allus,.

MI 0' PECZ'i. Rcae.i3onk, October 12th, 1894..

===== 0002601_18941013_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
SL')DEN• DzArri,

Mr. James Clark, a twine man-t;t-a-cturerroP 19, South- well-street, 11Inchester, was visiting a tralbsman's shopi kr Sutton, St. Elelens,on Monday, when he was suddenly ta4ten ill and)died shortly afterwards; Brighouse, ccanty coroner? has orde:Ped the death to her registered.

TEM DEATH•RLICE OP ST. lIELENE§• The medical officer of health ffor St. Helenreported on. Wednesday that during,- the past fortnight there had been 62 deaths,. giving a rate of mortality of 201 per I,OXO of the inhabitants,against 1.V•75 in the comespond- ing period of la& There had beets 3 deaths anclils new cases of'typhoid fever not;fied; UNRUL:L. WORT..VAN.

ti Tuesday,Llexander Worth, of 61, Frederi&•-street, an employee of the St. Helnns and District Tramway Company, was charged with being drunk and diserderly and wilfully damaging the office door of the Tramway Company. On Mbnday night he went to the depot, demanded his back pay, and because he could cot get it he picked up a piece of tram 'rail and threw it al.out the depot, burst:ng open the office door and doing other damage.—He was ordered to pay aitogetlanl63. including damage, or fourteen days.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
UNHAPPY. MitaillACHlS:

At St. Helens ?olice Court on Monday, Elizakethaat- cliffe applied for a warrant against her husband, Ftedk. Ratcliffe, a chemical worker, of Gerard-st for assault The warrant waa granted, and, on Ratcliffe being brought up a shcrt time afterwards, it was stated that they had only been married three months, and had lived very unhappily.. The husband denied the assault,.but said he would rather pay his wife a weekly sum than live with her. He-was fined 6d. and costs for the assault, and a separation was-granted with an order for hirn to pay Th. per week—William Mort,.of 62, York-place, who, it was alleged, had deserted his wife, Alice Mort.was ordered to pay 'Th. per week towards her maintenancs.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
UNWErrINSODIE FISK .8,,T Sr. HELENS.

William Coles,. of Tontine-St., St. Helens,a fish dealer,, was summoned, but did not appear, at the St. Halms Police Court, on Tuesday, for having exposed fisn for sale in College-4t., on the Ist inst., the said fish being putrid and unfit for the food of man. Mr. W. J. Jeeves crown Clerk) prosecuted. Meat Inspector Smirthwaite stated that he examined the haddies and mussels which the defendant was offering for sale, and he found, the mussels in a rotten and putrid condition. They were taken to the Town Hall, where Dr. Robertson con- demned them, and Mr. John Cotton, J.P., orderedl them to be destroyed. Dr. Robertson said of all forms of food putrid mussels were the mast dangerous and likely to produce serious disease. Chief Constable Wood having informed the magistrates %Alderman Harrison and Mr. W. J. Thomson) that the defendant was convicted in August last for a similar offence, defendant was com- mitted to prison for six weeks without the option of a fine.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
COTTAGE PROPERY OWEIRRS' ASSOCLAVION.

The first annual meeting of the St. Helens and District Cottage Property Owners' Association was held on Wed- nesday night, at the Central Cafe, Bridge-street, St. Helens, Councillor Isaac B.Rose presiding, There was a good attendance of members. The annual report of the committee intimated that,in the opinion of its znombers, the association had carried out the original intention aimed at when formed. Legal advice had been taken upon such mattera as the reduction of the income tax on property, on the rights of auctioneers to remove goods, and also as to the payment of rates, taxes itc. Duputations had waited upon the Finance and Watch Committees witn successful results ; also upon the Water Committee in the hope of obtaining a discount on water rates, but although not successful at the time a promise was given that it should be considered next year. The St. Helens district had become affiliated with the society in London, and also with the Liverpool Association. The membership of the St. Helens District Association represents the owners of about 4,000 cottages in St. Helens. The report and balance-sheet was unanimously adoptcd, and the election of officers and committee took place.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
--•-- HARVEST FESTIVALS.

CHRIST CHURCH, LATCHFORD. - . These services were concluded on Sunday and were attended by large congregations. The Rev. B. B. Pres- cott, vicar, preached appropriate addresses. The anthem, "I will give thanks unto Thee," was rendered in the evening by the choir. The collections were in aid of the c hurch expenses.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
SF. JOHN'S, WALTON.

The annual harvest thanksgiving services in connection with the above church were held on Sunday. The preacher, morning and evening, was the Rev. Francis Jourdain, vicar of Ashbourne, Derbyshire. The musical portion of the service was very well rendered under the direction of Mr. Lane, the organist. The anthem sung was " 0 taste and see." The collection was in aid of the Warrington Infirmary. In the evening there was an exceptionally large congregation, and the discourse of the preacher was much appreciated. An organ recital was given in the afternoon by Mr. Lane and proved very enjoyable. The solos were rendered in an excellent manna by Mr. W. S. Howard. The programme was as follows :—Prelude and Fugue in D minor (Mendelssohn), Impromptu (Archer), Air with variations in A (flessei ; vocal solo "Comfort ye," " Every valley" (Hande ), Mr, Howard; Meditation (Manly), Poatlude in D (H. Smart), Intermezn (MaScagni), March in E flat (Wely).

===== 0002601_18941013_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
CEIRIST_CHURCH, CROFT.

The harvest festival in connection with Christ Church. Croft, were commenced on Friday evening. There was a fair congregation at the service which commenced with the signing of the well-known harvest hymn. "Praise, 0 praise our God and King." The service was intoned by the Rev. H. I. Wadesen, rector, and the Rev. J. J. Langham, vicar of Padgate, read the lessons and preached the sermon. The choir gave an excellent rendering of C. Simper's Magnificat service in F, and the anthem "0 Lord, how manifold are Thy works." The soprano solo was sung by Miss Maines. The services were continued on Sunday, when there were good congregations. The Rector again intoned the prayers at each service, and the lessems morning and afternoon were read by the Rev. R. Tebbs, vicar of St. 'Thomas's Church,Wigan, who also pl'eached the sermons. The Recto: preached in the eveniag. Special psalms and hymns were again sung. Mr. I. Cawthorne, choir- master, was at the organ. The offertories were in aid of the church expenses, the total amount realized at the four services being £ll Os. id. BOLD-STREET WESLEYAN CHAPEL.

The annual harvest festival in connection with the above cl:apel was held on Sunday, when there were excellent congregations both morning and evening. The preacher in the morning was the Rev. Owen Watkins whk, preached an appropriate sermon. During the ser- vice, the choir rendered the anthem, "Thou crownest the year," in an excellent manner. In the evening, the large chapel was crowded to its utmost limits, and the preacher was the Rev. Edward Parry, of Nantwich,who preached an able sermon upon the subject of "Life." The preacher pointed out that no painter could infuse life into his canvas. The sculptor commenced to work on a rough block of stone, and used the hammer and the chisel, and by the aid of imagination and genius fas- hioned the human face divine, but he could never infuse

life into his work. Man could do many things. His inventions were the wonder of the age, yet he could never give life even to the smallest insect. And the same want of power applied to the seed. The seed was placed in the ground, and winter's frost, snow, and rain descended. The grain was buried in the soil,and having vitality it burst its shell ant sprang fortl-4---" first the blade, then the ear, after that the full coin in the ear." The rev, gentleman observed that there was nothing ugly in the universe of God ; God never made anything that was ugh. There was only one thing ugly and that was sin. Nor was there anything so beautiful as holi- ness. Two anthems were again ably rendered by the choir, the first being "Sing unto the Lord with thanksgiving," and the second, " 0 Taste and see." Mr. Harrison presided at the organ with his usual efficiency. Collections were taken at each ser- vice. The communion rail and pulPit, and various parts of the chapel were beautifully decorated with flowers, ferns, fruits and vegetables, and thw. worlerefleeted great creAit decora'ers,,thp_ceminu-len rail and pul- p.. W tioichLie.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS.

THE TRADES COUNCIL AND THE ELECTIONS_ A special meeting of the Warrington Trades Counc.fil was held at the Cocoa, Rooms, Horsemarket-street, en- Tuesday evening, to consider the course to be pursued in the forthcoming municipal electioEs. At their meet- ing a fortnight previously it had been decided to •nomin— ate Mr. allaines Battersby in opposition, to Mr. Plumptors in the Whitecross wart and they also chose candidates for the Bewsev and St.. John's ward far the election to the Board of Guardians-. The meeting on Tuesday was called to decide whetherit was advisable to proceed with the contest in the Whitecross ward, or whether it would • be better to ,concentrate the energies of-the ;Trades Coun- cil upon. elections.. Mere was a good number of delegates- present, and/the chair was-occupied by Mr. T: Malkin,

Previoua.to the special business being_ proceeded with, Mr. Bullock, the secretary., said that he had received a letter thom. Mr. John Haley, on behalf of the Labour Committee of the Warrington Social Questions Union, with regard to the formation of a Conciliation Board for Warrington. It will be remembered that about 18 months ago steps were taken to foam a Conciliation Board,ltut the negotiations-for some reason or other fel through. The letter now stated that the difficulty for- merly experienced had been considered by the Labour Committee, and it was suggested tbat deputations from that committee, the Trades Council, and the Chamber of Commerce should meet to discuss the matter,and prob- ably the d:ffrculty would be overcome.—lt was resolved ta communicate with the Labour Committee to the effect that the Trades Council viewed the proposal with favour, and would adopt any arrangement that might be arrived at by the committee for securing the end in view. The following deputation was appointed to represent the Council, Messrs., Malkin (president), Bullock (secretary), S. Wright, J.P., Ogden and Battersby. Coming to the special business of the evening, Mr. Malkin said that they all knew the position of,the Coun- cil with reference to the election in the Whitecross ward, and he hoped that whatever was decided that evening, would be taken up in earnest. He regretted that at the last election in Howley some of their members were cot upon the scene as he would have liked, but work, no doubt, prevented them,. He thought that if they entered upon the contest in the Whitecross ward, they had very favourable prospects of gaining the seat. Mr. GARNER observed that the fact c,f the political parties having compromised the matter did not affect them at all.

Mr. 13ArrEnsny said that he did not think the two parties would combine together against independent candidates as they did in other towns. He thought that it was the town councillors who were interested who had made the compromise. At the some time should the Trades Council desire him to withdraw from the contest, he was perfectly willing to do so. Mr. Brnuocit said that under certain conditions it would not be disho,nour be to retire from.the contest. If the majority felt disposed to go on he would throw in his lot with them, hut still he thought it would be better to reserve their energies for the contest for the 13card of Guardians.

Mr. S. WRIGHT, J.P., said that he was of the same opinion, although he was stronfey opposed to Mr. Plumpton. lie was however of opinion they ought to husblnd their resources. After further discussion Mr. E. Edwardson moved, and Mr. Ogden seconded, that Mr. Battersby be candi. date for Whitecross Ward in opposition to Councillor Plumptnn. Mr. BARNES moved and Mr. Bullock seconded an amendment that Mr. Battersby's candidature be with- drawn, and that the ward be contested at the guardians election in December.

The amendment only received the votes of the mover and seconder, and the motion was therefore carried by a large majority. Mr. BATTERSEY expressed his hope that he would be successful at the election, and preparations were at 'once made to prosecute a vigorous canvas of the ward. It may be mentioned that Mr. Lang has been selected for the St. John's ward, and Mr. Malkin for the Bewsey ward for the forthcoming electios, for the Board of Guar- dians.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
LYMM.

ANNIVERSARY SERMONS.. - The anniversary sermons took place on Sunday in the Lymm Wesleyan Chapel. The offertories were set apart for the trust funds.

NARROW ESCAPE FROM DROWNING.—About ten o'clock on Sunday night, Charles Ogden, a Lyrnm resident, was going home along the canal bank when he accidentally fell into the water. His cries speedily brought Mr. James Whitelegg on the scene, and he pluckily jumped into the canal to render assistance. The night was very dark and both men were in great danger. They were assisted to the bank by Sergeant Wynne and Mr. George Moston and were both very much exhausted. DWELLING-HOUSE FIRE.— Ei fire broke out on Sunday morning in the dwelling-house of Mr. James Blease, Legh-street. Blease and his wife had retired on Satur- day night, taking with them into the bedroom a lighted candle, and it is supposed that the candle was not properly extinguished, and that sparks from it caught in the bed clothing in the room. About two o'clock on Sunday morning, Mrs. Blease was awakened by being burnt on her arms and face. She saw the room was full of smoke, and screamed out "fire." She ran downstairs to procure help. Assistance was t hand, and a ladder was brought and run up to the bedroom window. There was no damage done to the property, but the bed cloth- ing and wearing ppparel ware destroyed. It is very fortunate that the fire was discovered, as the inmates might have been burnt to death.

A NON-SUPPING HORSESHOE.-Mr. E. de Dorsey, of 44, Castle-street, Liverpool, has invented a horseshoe to prevent slipping under any circumstances. The shoe consists of the ordinary iron hoof protector, to which a stout pad of rubber is fixed. In order to insert the pad so that it shall be secure to the last day on which the shoe remains on the horse, the iron is hollowed and the rubber pad grooved in, the effect of this process being to defy the efforts of the most restless animal to displace the pad. Mr. do Horsey claims and apparently with reason, th4t the rubber will entirely neutralise the possibility of the horse slipping, whether on greasy Cr frosty roads. Amongst the other.a.dventages said to be obtained in the use of this shoe is the prevention of con- cmsion to the tender part of the fo,t of the hlrse, thus making it of especial benefit to horses with very tender feet. Further advantages include the protection of the animals' feet from sharp stones and from the salt with which the streets are sometimes covered in winter. There is nothing whatever about the shoe to hurt the horse either in the fitting or wearing, as the hoof is no more affected than by the use of the ordinary shoe. Much commendation has already been bestowed upon the invention—for which a patent has been applied—by horse-shners and vetPrinarr snrenne. A specimen can 5-,:cu at eatablishment any hour dur- ing the day.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
THPNGS HEARD AND SEEN

AT WAIRRING,TON.

Those who heardthe lecture by the Rev. Dinsdale T;Wung were highly delighted at the treat they had.. The rev. gentiknanhas a most racy and flow- ing style, and the way in which he sketched out the life of "Sammy Bradburn, the " Demosthenes of Methodism," was most interesting and entertain- ing. tie has a wondedui command of language,and he introduces into it just the right amount of humour to impart a piquancy to his lectures. The Young-x People's Society of Christian Endeavour have made an excellent commencement with their series-of lectures, and as so few other bodies have catered for the public- in a similar manner, they deserve every encouragement.

notice that the Vterary aryl Philosophical Society commence their session on Monday. As there are only six months in the session, and tbe meetings are held once a month.there are of course 'only- six rneetings4 but there has been as much variety prodded as could pos•ibly he obtained. STudents who are enthusiastic over the discoveries of the implements used by early man, will have an opportunity of both seeing and hearing about them on Monday,when Mr. Thomas ,May,F.E.I.S. will give a lecture upon the subject, and exhibit specimens. 'Electricians are catered for in November when Mr. C. Raily M.A., will lecture upon "The modern development of electric light and power." In December Mr. A. H, Crosfield will make his aud- ience Tong to be on a holiday to the Alps, by giving an account of his travels to those well-known moun- tains. Information of the English Guilds in the middle ages will be provided by the Rev. W. II: Dummond M.A., in January, and in February, the &en-dews-of the town will have their innings,when the Rev. Canon Dodd, M.A., will lecture upon " The literature of Queen Anne's reign." Dr. White M.R.C.S., will bring the series to a close in March, by discussing the question of the "-Migration of birds." The series of lectures promises to be very interesting and for the information of the general' publieit may be stated that the meetings are held' on the third Monday in each month at 7:30 p.m.

Warrington has been favoured this month by the. meeting of the Lancashire Association of Change ringers being held within its boreers. The study' of bell-ringing is no doubt interesting, but whron earth do they use such outlandish names for the ,ringing. To the uninitiated such terms as "Plain, Bob College Single," "Kent Treble Bob,"- "Canter- bury Pleasure Minor," and all other kinds of •"bobs' and " minors" are most mysterious terms, and whatever Bob has got to do with ringing, no- one but the bell-ringers know. Plowever,the chins- ing of church bells sounds very sweet, and we will forgive the ringers for the monstrous names,they give it.

Truancy does not seem to be on the decrease in Warrington, notwithstanding the strenuous efforts made by the school attendance officer. Either parents will not send their children to school Or when they do send them they are not particular as to whether they go there or not. On Tuesdvay at the police court a batch of three "- wailing wights" was sent to the "Clio" to be taught obedience. Tn half the cases a plea of illness ie put in by the parents and in the other half the children are sent but do not arrive. It was stated at the court that presently 70 lads would be leaving the ship and there would be plenty of room for aspirants, Let this be taken as a timely warning hy all youths who are addicted to the playful plan of playing " wag.*

MERLIN.

NEWTON DIVISION BOWLING ASSOCIATION.

The annual meeting held at tho close of the bowl- ing season, took place on Saturday evening at the Pied Bull Hotel, Newton. Mr. J. Liptrott presided and there was a full attendance of representatives from, the various clubs comprising the association. The chief business of the meeting was to cowider the rules, an important alteration being made therein, that, in place of playing in a matcb,as now, Sat home and 8 away, on the same day, it wa& pro- posed to play the full match on each others greens, in the same way as is adopted by the Lancashire and Cheshire Union, which was agreed to. There were one or two other alterations of a minor char- acter. It was stated that the Cup, had now been won outright by the North Ashton Club, and the question was raised as to whether Mr. lAgh would give another challenge cup for competition, but the matter was left Over for a week or two. Messrs. P. Garton and J. Ilill were appointed to audit the accounts,

SEINING MACHINES Han -1 £2 las. 6d. Treadle £4 48.1vitl, handsnml vmlnnt cever.—J mid W. Durrox, 16 and 13, Sankey-A., Warrington.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
btirrtiainnits not elasslfteb.

PIANOS AND ORGANS. 71, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER,

BUTCHER'S trade.

ITUATION WANTED by , particulars and references st... 'ackburn.

ficil*o

WANTED INTENDING PURCHASERS TO SEND FOR SHACKELL AND CO.'S ILLUSTRATED LIST OF

RUNCORN TONIC SOL FA PRIZE CHOIR.

-mil WANTED about 18 used to the AS Staff rd-st., Walsall.

-rood Plain Cook; Protestant; ,n application.-25, Brown-

'RD ; must be able to 'ROWN. Newtown

four; new free.--

===== 0002601_18941013_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
_ Gmfa. "TAL SERVANT (good) VTANI. 1; niFse kept.--Apply Mrs. .1. Villa, 1.0#11,.. "cv, ba101).

TTonsis.i.,ffit 'OE LBATI,* sett of gLeatiymr; quality guaranteed; sample sett. Is. p, .37, vilahitc, tape!, Llyerpcvl.

peurn,q7imeertesesra,tpay.id swpeeekeimlytmtriztenyrdieed. A GENT WVETlartzilDe-22nl":l4dd•reoss opening;- riee Vorio,•, FatnlvOrths Iton.

100 K (Sinzle-lianded) WANTED ; small drAry ;• country ki font servants.---Apply stating VgB and wags, Mrs.. CARTlrivwxtr, Stoney Stre Um, Starewstury.

WANTED, •gooll, Phan 01;001C, also HOISEDIAID, WAITRESSr must have good. referees'-M, FECHT, g;- Spring Gartqns, 3farmlnghatit; Pkadford.

HSEPTL PRESENT3:—To ad ,-ertise outr valuable goods' weOd oneof ort Handsome BROOVHES. Guaran- teed to wear equal to, Gold; 13 etanap3.—J'Amts'3, 143, Cambridge-Road, Londot: B. •

GARDENER, good plain, seeks SITUATION, single- handed' or otherwise; ryo objectim• to c:,,r; age, 28; :rife excellent laundress; first class cSaracters for both.— Pct.-y-lan Parsonage, lluabont•

VOIETRAORDINARY Value' for Moneryl For advertise.. Li. merit, we •,rfil send a Hatt.d•some Platitd*Tremll6 ' Mouth • HARMONICA (sliding top) Grand Toe; • 13- stamps.— JA-Llts's, 143, Cambridge 'toad, London, E.-

• D a large Pbtato Trade, HOUSE and Double SHOP. _Li 36ft. front. Fruiter' and ButeNees coerfbined ; sltust4.3& in a popuhstavdistriet a:10 close to dt•ekis ; a iortune to be made; lea7!lig- through' family trirosactiono.-193, Traffer& Bout, Salfcrd.

By 3_,;1. T. WOR.2r.VINGTOZI

MILL NR, WAIekINGTON. VEfINESDAI NExt, Oct. 17th, ztMtven o'cntia in the F0;1129,3n. TWOSTITINGTON begs to announce* that 116 • Nc-lt SELL BY .141C710N upon the Prenlltes of Mr. - J. V. Lloyl an above,t:i3Wbole of the, STOCK-IIk:I:TRADE of TIMBER, PLANT, a•it • other Eflrets, comprising about- .lo.oooft. cFFlouring Bo:trcle, 2,0001 t. of fin. and 1. BOards. 3„060tt. of Zbrisce Pink, by 3in. lnd 71n. by In; Oak Planks, large- quantity of Casing alni Door Timber, • :Thirty-six Door Posts. Saah Frames, Blue SlAtes, Blue :111tIging Til:".; about 10,0 .N.lll'essed and Tommon Brlck, fifty . ;Red Sandstctre-lij 5 and Heads. Band Saw Frame,. Mortice ;Machine and Bits. Joiners: Iromnocgery, Ladders, Sash ;Weights, Joiaers' Benches. two GrindcOones. Sprinlr Cart, Star Scotch Cut (neatly new dhandry, -Cart Gears,, Stable Arakensils, &c. Intmediatelycaftier the abzve. Sale. the .00se PLANT now. lying at the Hoses in coureyof erection in,Lovely Lae will he disposed of. Terms rash. No. reserve. - For further particulars apply to the auctioneer, at his Offices, Victoria Bueidings,ing Street, Wigan.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
OPENING OF A NEW WESLEYAN CHAPEL AT LANG HYORD.

lAn, event of mweh importarme in ben/ Wesleyan , Liettsrdiat circles-took place-at Latchbed on Thurs- i day afternoon, when a new., Wesleyaav eilapel was • opened by the RL'Ar. WalfordtF.reen. thepresident of 'the conference. The day wt.sovery faveterable and ';,here•-h-ms an excellent gathering in the-afternoon, )attflagain at the ilangural meeting in ':',Ple evening. :The new chapel is•in an exce:lent positionoss there -..severy prospect of i-iklarge increase of population in the • surrounding neighbourhood: . The Wesleyanfifethodist cause in Latchford has had a 7ery‘chequerect,'history, lad the worshippers.have never -previousl74iitcl a place whklithey could absoititely call 'their owa., The first metnbers of the sociAy held thcir. • meetings-aibout 25 , years-ago- in a house in Wash-lane„ and after some years they rented the Tern-?erance Miss:on .Hall,at `Which place they have held their services 1:.3, to the present time. The project of bulk-Al-44. a new chapel has-been con- sidered: for a great- number ef. years, and it was ftially d ecided at the end of • 1891 to preceed with • the- work. The Per: J. Kirtlin, and the other circuit ministers, and other friends went energetivally to • work, and at length, on Thursday, April 21214 of the present year, the Lotradation stones of ' the new chapel were laid by various ladies and gentlemen.. The chapel is a very fine lookinc, :t4ilding,andthe architect has been Mt :Percy Silcock. 'The entire cost, including the site hasbeen 11,420, and in order to ersim,the grant of £lOO ) from the General Chapel Fund, it is necessary to raise Luow. The sum of ~--1500 is requh-ed, for immediate use. The secretary is Mr. Luke Ellison, and the treasurer, Mr. John Hartley. Thursday's services were the.commence- ' raent of a series of ser7ices which will be held,draring the month,. The Rev. John G. Bennet will preach on Sun-. cle4•,,Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, anjHon Thurs- day a musical service•millhe held. On Sunday,October alt., the Rev. G. Hammond will preach. Ca Thursday October 25th, the Rev-. Charles Garrett (chairman of the district), will preach, Arad on Sundity.Ootober-28th, the F.e7. A. H. Woodnutt will ,preach,. The series will be brought to a close by the Rev. Edward Smitj, who, on Thursday November DA, will preach and deliver a lecture on "Reality turd its opposite : a stuily of modern lift."

===== 0002601_18941013_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
THE AFTERNOON'S PROCEEDIEGS.

LA about one o'clock. in the afternoon axece—p-tion was . held in Bold-Bt. Wesleyan schools to meet the President (Rev. Watford Green;) About 444ersons were present,. including the Revs. Sirtlan, Owen Wat:tins, G. D. Mon, and J. Gunnell, Mrsrtian, Miss liornall,'Mrs.. P. Silcock, Mrs. Wilktnson, Mrs, J: Bennett,a Council- or Shaw Green, and MesQrs. R. G.. Henshall, Percy. Si(cock, J. BenneUl, E. Richardson, E Browne, J:7- Surrunersgill and Wilkinson. ComplimenSary speeches were made at the meeting,, after which the party pro-. ceeded to the new chapel in Latchford where the Presi- dent was announced to preach.. The chapel was filled to. the utmost capacity,,and the congrega;nen listened to an excellent discourse by the President from the text St. John xv. 10-11, "f ye keep my commandments ye shall!. dwell in my love,.even as I have kept My Father's coin-. mandments, and abide in His love. These things have.. I spoken unto you that My. joy might remain in you,and, that your joy might be full." After referring to the.. elements of strength in the Christian's life, he said•that they were all glad at che work in which they had taken part in erecting that!house for the honour and glory of ' God. They should go on with the work with the full assurance that their work must prQsper, and that ulti, mately it must succeed. Talk about Christianity being • a failure, where there was belief in the graca of God, there could not be failure, and there was no doubt how' the issue would be. It must encl. in triumph, universal. and absolute.

QT.7,3EN',ST, 3ICTUAL IMPROVEMESZ CLASS. At a meeting of this society held on Tuesdiv- evening Mr. li.ent read a paper on tha political awi social aspects of the law of Moses. The essayist passed in review the origin and development g the Jewish people, and afterwards referred to le various laws by which the people were govermid. Au interesting discussion followed. F 1.4313 AT TUN VULCAN FOUNDRY. About three o'clock on Thursday morning wlien the watchman, PaOick Coakley, on duty atithe Vulcan Foundry, vivis going his rounds, he fbnand that, a fire bad laraken out in the boiler shed roof. lie immediately rang the alarm bell, and aroused several of the workmen who reside in the nOgh- bourhood. When assistance was obtained the fire hose Wa.9 brought into use,and a good force of water - from, the reservoir was poured on the flames, which had got a firm hold. Buckets were also plentifully- used,.but fully two hours elapsed before the fire. ' was got under control, by which time a portion of the roof had fallen in. Considerable damage was also done to the tools and itni)lements in the shop.. the whole estimated to be at RAW which is coverad by insurance. The cause of tie outbreak cannot at present be ascertained. 4010, ,P • ALL HOUSEBOLD LINEN, hemmed and rnarked, fzeo charge.-4 . and W. DUTTJN, Sankey-at., Warr.ington.—Advt ALL HOUSEHOLD LINEN hemmed and marked, free of chargo.—J. and W. DurTON, , Warrington, —Adr • HIGH CLASS TAILORIND.—Ne inn and Winter Goodsa New Textures, choice designs; Moderate Prices.—BoNDEL4 BROS., Bridge Street, Warrington. —Advt

CROQUET.— 13 .R1,4%.Np, 51, Bridge-street, Warrlngt4ll,---. 4.2 ct.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0081.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_18941013_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
A TIMELY I,VA.RING.

Never trust those who promise too much at a time. The patent medicines which pretend to cure "at once," in "a single dose," or in " ten minutes," convince us that they are unnatural in their operation, and that, therefore, either the promise made is a false one, or that the remedy is worse than the disease. It is not "at once" that a man becomes Consumptive ; it is not "at a single meal" that you acquire Indigestion and Dyspepsia ; it is not in" ten minutes " that your Liver becomes sluggish and out of order. No. These com- plaints and others which might be named are gradual in their hold to release you " at once," " in ten minutes" or" at a single dose." As the disease, so its cure. Steady and certain is its approach. Steady and certain should be its retreat. It is in this fact that the secret of the wonderful, the unparalleled success of Gwilym Evans Quinine Bitters lies. It conforms to Nature's laws, adapts itself to Nature's requirements. If the constitution has been slowly, steadiy, and certainly undermined by disease, so it is slowly, steadily, and certainly re-built by this excellent remedy. It does not pretend to miraculous instantaneous effect cures. If the disease is deep-rooted and of long standing, a sudden and forcible uprooting would do more harm than good. Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters loosen first one hold of the disease on the body, then another and yet another, taking away one by one the clammy fingers of disease and replacing them with the warm glowing touch of health and new life, not only removing the disease effectually, but giving New Life with every dose taken. The more recent the disease the more easily removed. Overwork ought to be overpaid. Nature insists upon payment of her first dues. Intense devotion to busi- ness gives the digestive organs only a bare chance to perform their work. He who comes in a hurry from active work, rapidly swallows his food and hurries out again, is piling up a debt which nature makes him pay in a painful dyspepsic experience. Gwilvm Evans's Quinine Bitters will help you to pay, and the sooner you take it the better.

Try this 4reat Natural remedy. Try it !nova. Recovered Patients say it is an Unfailing Remedy. Everybody says it is the Best Remedy of the Age.

THE VEGETABLE TONIC. GWILYSI EVANS'S QUININE BITTERS.

Sold in Bottles at 1/1?1, 2/9, and 4/6 each. Beware of Imitations ! See the name of" GSVILY3I EVANS "on Label Stamp and Bottle. SOLE PROPRIETORS : QUININE BITTERS MANUFACTURING CO., LTD.,

LLANELLY, SOUTH WALES.

ASSAULT.—Peers Marsh, Haydock-street, was charged with having on the 28th September assaulted and beaten Henry Ashton, Buckley's-yard. The complainant stated that Marsh,who was drunk,was struggling with a young man named Cook on the date named. Witness told the defendant to let Cook alone, at which he struck witness three times. Corroborative evidence was given by Annie Naylor, Mr. A. Cook, and Mrs. Dickenson. The defen- dant denied assaulting the complainant. He was fined ss.and costs or in default seven days' imprisonment. He said he would go to gaol. CHARGE OF DESERTION.—Edward Stanley, 22,Howard- st., was charged with having on the Ist July deserted his wife Jane Isabel Stanley, living at 55, Foundry-st. The complainant stated that she was married to the de- fendant on the 6th January, 1894. On the Ist of July he told her to go to her mother's home and he would fol- low her. He never did so. The defendant never pro- vided any home, and they lived in lodgings for some time after they were married. Her husband had a pen- sion of 17s. 6d. per week. The defendant on being sworn stated that the woman deserted him, and he was living at the same house as when she left him. It was the third time she had left him, and on this last occasion she picked his pockets, and took everything belonging to him,even his shirts.—Mrs. Myers with whom the defend- ant lodged, also stated that the complainant left her husband voluntarily in July.—The magistrates dismissed the case. lief- Mr. J. Bu- (in the chair) and

SATURDAY.— tore ..ttr. J. _ irgess Mr. L. Voisey. THEFT FROM A CART.—William Corliss, lodging in Scotland-road was charged on remand with stealing a whip value is. 6d., the property of James Woodward, stall-keeper in the market house,on Wednesday evening. From Mr. Hunt's statement it appeared that on the date named Mr. Woodward's cart was standing in Corpora- tion-street and while there the prisoner stole the whip produced from it. He waa afterwards apprehended by D.S. Monaghan and brought to the police station. When charged with the theft he replied " 0 stealing eh ! " Mr. Woodward the complainant identified the whip and gave corroborrative evidence. The prisoner was fined 103. and costs or 14 days in goal. AGGRAVATED WIFE ASSAULT.—WiIIiam Baines a carter in the employ of Messrs. Pilkington was fined 103. and costs for assaulting his wile Elizabeth Baines, on the 3rd October.—Mrs. Baines, the complainant stated that on the date named the prisoner came home and charged her with being drunk and then took up a log of wood and struck her several times on the arm and shoulder with it. She was also kicked by him. For 18 years, complainant said, the prisoner had abused her and she was afraid of him. On Friday night he came home and threatened to murder her for getting a warrant against him.—Elizabeth Brookes, sister-in-law of the complainant stated that she was present on Friday night when the prisoner came home and using profane lan- guage threatened to murder his wife. Prisoner said he gave his wife L 1 a week regularly and that she neglected the children and was addicted to drink. He denied using profane language but did not say anything as to the assault.—Mr. Hunt spoke to the magistrates as to the prisoner's sobriety and steadiness. The chairman (Mr. J. Burgess) said that no doubt he had a lot to put up with but they would be compelled to fine him the above amount for the assault. DESERTION FROM THE RANKS. —A charge was preferred against John Taylor for deserting from the Durham Light Infantry, Newcastle-on-Tyne, in May last. He was remanded until Monday.

MONDAY.—Before Mr. F. Monks (chairman) Alderman Harrison Messrs. T. Birchall, W. Pierpoint, and S.

Wright. PRETENDING TO BE A DESERTER.—John Taylor was charged with feloniously pretending to be a deserter from Her Majesty's Durham Light Infantry. Inspector Spinks stated that the prisoner surrendered himself as a deserter to Constable Barnett and was brought before the magistrates, and remanded. On writing to the head quarters of the regiment the prisoner's statement was found to be untrue. A letter was read from the Regi- mental head quarters at Newcastle stating that the prisoner was discharged from the Durham Light Infan- try on the 17 April. He was committed to prison for seven days. ASSAULTING HIS WIFE. —George Maguire, labourer, 10, Stone-yard was charged with having on the sth inst. beaten and assaulted his wife Winifrid Maguire. Mrs. Maguire stated that her husband came home on the date named the worse for drink and gave her the black eye she exhibited in court. It was the second time during the week he had beaten her. lie was a very good hus- band when be kept free from drink and she did not wish him sent to prison. The defendant stated that hewas very sorry for what had occurred. It was all through drink. Alderman Harrison: It is all through your own stupidity in taking it (laughter). Defendant was dis- missed on payment of Costs. DRUNKENNESS.—The following were dealt with for this offence : Bridget Knockton, widow, no address ; Wil- liam Daniels, bricksetter, 11, Lord Nelson-street ; William Lythgoe, labourer, Friars-green ; Jane Penn, wife of T. Penn,Mill-laae; Timothy Concannon,labourer, 17, Bank-street ; Kate Harvey, no address. A Row nt Tux MARKET.—Wm. Connor, fish hawker. Dolman's-lane.was charged with committing a breach of the peace by being disorderly in the Market-Place on the 29th September. •Sergeant Smith stated that on the date named he received a complaint from Mr. Porter, fish monger, as to the conduct of the defendant who was using very bad language. Witness requested Connor to leave the market. He would not, and continued to use disgusting language. Witness was obliged to take him to the Police Station. After keeping him in the Parade Room for a short time, they liberated him. P.C. Evans, Sergeant Chanter and Insoec; r Place also gave evid- ence. Defendant was discharged with a caution. CHUZGE OF STONE TTLROWING.—AIbert Jones, 38, Pierpoint-streat. William Henry Jones, same address, and Charles Garner, 48, Catherine-street, were charged with throwing stones to the danger of passengers in Lovely-lane. Defendants pleaded not guilty, and as the constable who was to prove the case was unable to be present the case was adjourned for a fortnight.

TIIESDAY.—Before Mr. R. Garnett (in the chair), Mr. E. J. Guest, and Dr. T. Starkcw Smith.

ANOTHER MA RKET THEFT. —Patrick Ryan was charf.-,ird with stealing from a stable in Golden Grove-st., on Saturday last, five bags of potatoes, value 124. 6d., the property of Alice Bailey. 20, Golden Grove-st. The de- fendant is a carter living at Perrin's-Court, and occa- sionally does odd jobs in the market. Between 11 and 12 on Saturday last the prisoner went to Bailey's house and took the stable key from the mantelpiece. He then proceeded to the stable and abstracted the potatoes. About two o'clock the same day the complainant missed the potatoes, and from some information she received she went to the prisoner's house and asked him about the goods. He was drunk and used bad language to her. On Monday she gage information to t'-ie police,and D.S.. Monaghan afterwards saw the prisoner,and brought him down to the Police Station and charged him with the theft, to which he gave the usual excuse of being drunk. Mrs. Bailey,the complainant, corroborated,and the prisoner was sent to gaol for one month's hard la- bour.

NEGLECT OF FAMlLY.—Matthew Flannigan was charged with having on the 10th July left his wife and three children chargeable to the Warringtcn Union. Mr. B. Shearer, relieving officer, stated that the family were admitted to the Workhouse in July last. The defendant has been prosecuted for this offence before,and this time he had caused them an expenditure of £l2. The magis- trates sent the prisoner to gaol fr one month's hard labour. SCFIOOL ATTENDANCE CASES.—Mr. G. Riley prosecuted in the following cases for non-attendance at school. The following three people had their boys sent to the ship Clio :—Henry Sherwood, hawker, Chorley-st. ; Dapicl Boyse,forgem a n ,Bewsey-road ; Thomas Bra-dshaw ,f orge- man. Bewsey-read ; James Wright, labourer,Cockhedge, fined 23. 6d. ; Moses Williams, forE,seman. Winwich- road. 51. ; Allan Wilkinson, forgeman, Bewser-road, 2s. 6d. ; George Rowlands, labourer, Winwick-road, 23. 6d. ; Harry Foster,foreman fustian cutter,Lythgoes- lane, 23. 6d. ; Patrick Carey, Winwick-rcad, for his 23rd appearance, 53. WEDNESDAY.—Before Mr. John Fairclough (in the chair) and Mr. J. H. Fleming. ONLY A CLOlTT.—Patrick Keighley was charged with having on the Bth October. unlawfully assaulted Margaret Keighley, his wife. Mrs. Keighley the com- plainant stated that she lived in Pye's-yard, Old-road, and on Monday the prisoner came home drunk and knocked her off a chair and then kicked her. P.C. Meacock deposed to having arrested the prisoner on Tuesday while under the influence of drink. Prisonet's chief defence was that he only gave her a little clout. The magistrates however were of a different opinion as to, the nature of the clout and committed the prisoner to gaol for two months with hard labour. A separation order which the wife applied for was granted, the prisoner having to pay 7s. per week towards the main- tenance of the complainant and her child. NEGLECT OF MAINTENANCE_—Benjamin Crumpton was charged on a warrant for the non-payment of arrears on an order for the maintenance of his family. The amount claimed was £2 103. The prisoner who had come out of gaol but a short time previously, pleaded that he had not been able to get work. He was sent to gaol for 14 days. A DISORDERLY WORKTIOCSE INMATE.—Margaret Dogherty wax charged with disorderly conduct on Tues- day at the Workhouse. Mr. B. Shearer,relieving ()Meer, prosecuted. She has been continually disorderley and on the date named she refused to do her work. Two notice officers had to be sent for to bring her to order. Mrs. Ward, matron of the Workhouse, stated that on Sunday. prisoner and another girl climbed over the wall. For this offence and not doing her work she was ordered to be taken to the punishment cell. She then became dismderly and had almost to be carried away. As this was her first offence the magistrates only sent her to gaol for seven days' hard labour. TEMPORARY A tlTHOßlTY.—Permission was given to Mrs. Jones to sell at the Mersey Vaults temporarily.

THURSDAY.—Before Mr. S. Claandley (chairman), Aid. T. Sutton, and Councillor James Fairclough. THEFT FROM THE MARKET.—John Samson, Howley Quay, and Wm. Wheelan, Sankey Bridges, two lads, were charged with stealing from the market stall of Mary Weaver, on Wednesday morning, two neck-ties, value 6J. each. From the evidence it appeared that at 12 o'clock on Wednesday morning Sergeant Smith saw the two defendants loitering about the stalls and finger- ing the articles. After watching them for a short time the officer went up to them and earched them, finding a tie on each. The parents of both defendants ' testified to their previous good behaviour.—Samson was sentenced to nine strokes of the birch-rod and Wheelan six. ANOTHER MAINTENANCE CASE.—John Nolan was charged with running away from the borough of War- rington, leaving his wife and four children chargeable to the common fund of the Warrington Union.—Mr. Basil Shearer, relieving officer, prosecuted on behalf of the Board of Guardians. He stated that the family were admitted to the workhouse on the 9th of August last,the prisoner having lea the town. The maintenance of the wife and children for nine weeks had cost the authori- ties £9.—Mr. Shearer, who said that the cases were getting t a common, wished to press the case against the prisoner, who was accordingly sent to gaol for one month's hard labour. DRUNKENNESS .—Patrick Nunnerley was fined 54. or seven days for committing this offence in St. James'- st. on Thursday morning.—P.C. Woods gave evidence in this case. AUTHORITY TO SELL.—Thomas Massey was granted temporary authority to sell intoxicating liquors at the " Wagg, , and Horses," Buttermarket-st. in lieu of Ann Jones.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

TUE BREAKING OF GAS LAMPS.--AN ANNUAL EXPENSE. At the Warrington Botough Court, on Monday,Arthur Richardson, Ackers pits ; Peter Boardman; Ackers Pits; Frank Watkins 9 Grappenhall-road ; Richard Hough, 555, Knutsford-road ; Herbert McQueen, 23, Locket- Street;:and James Young, Latchford Old Station were all charged with having on the 12th Septem'oer committed damage to the extent of 3s. to a gas lamp by breaking two panes of glass. Mr. J. L. Whittle town clerk prose- cuted, and stated that the Corporation were put to the expense of from L2O to £25 per year in repairing damaged lamp which was largely due to stone throw- ing. The defendants were brought there as a warning to others,and to put a stop to the wilful damage to lamps being done about the town. Mr. Heath gave evidence as to seeing the lads throwing at a gas lamp and doing the damage stated in Wash-lane, Latchford. The magis- trates severely reprimanded the lads, and discharged them, stating that if they came again they would be birched.

ARRESTED ON SUSPICION.

Joseph Minshull, who said he belonged to Little Leigh was charged at the Warrington Borough Court, on Mon- day, with being a suspected character, found on the enclosed premises of The Hollies, Latchford, at one o'clock that morning for some unlawful purpose.—P.C. Lewis stated that about one o'clock that morning he was on duty at Latchford and when near the "Cheshire Cheese "be heard some dogs barking. He went towards The Hollies-and stood at the ,gate listening when he thought he heard someone moving about. He went to the house and searched about but saw no one, but shortly afterwards he saw the prisoner lying awake under some shrubs. The man seemed as if he had had drink, and was recovering from the effects of it. Wit- ness brought him to the police station.—Mr. Broadbent stated that they could not find that anything had been stolen during the night.—The prisoner staid it was his first visit to Warrington and he went to the place where he was found to sleep.—He was fined ss. As YOUTHFUL DECEIVER. At the Warrington Borough Police Court, on Thurs- day morning,Jane Higgins (13) was charged with steal- ing from the store shed of Thomas Higgins, her uncle, situated at la. Stephen-st., on the 7th inst., a quantity of eggs,value £1 16s. ,Mr. Hunt stated that the defend- ant lives with her father, 18, Stephen-st., also the resi- dence of her uncle the complainant. On Saturday night the complainant locked up the store shed contain- ing the eggs,with a padlock and chain,the key for which was kept in the house. Early on Monday morning he noticed that the door of the store shed was open, and on going there he found the padlock and the eggs missing. Information was given to the police,and D.S. Monaghan ascertained on Wednesday that a girl had been seen selling eggs in Howley-Quay and Church-st.,on Sun- day and Monday. He afterwards apprehended the de- fendant at her home on Wednesday night.—The com- plainant stated that the defendant herself, was the first to call his attention to the theft, leading him to believe that she knew nothing at all about it.—Defendant, who pleaded guilty, said that another girl named Clara Wellington had helped her to steal the eggs : in fact,the accomplice,she said, had asked her to take them in order to settle a debt which Wellington's father had contracted. Defendant bad sold the eggs both on Sunday and Monday afterwards dividing the money with the other girl. D.S. Monaghan had made enquiries. but could not hear any- thing about the accomplice. Neither of the defendant's parents had appeared ,and it was stated that they did not know anything about the theft.—The magistrates re- manded the defendant until to-day, in order that the accomplice might be found and the girl's parents sum- moned to appear. OBSTRUCTION NEAR THE MARKET. At the Warrington Borough Court,on Monday.a num- ber of persons were charged with obstructing the thoroughfares near the Market Place. James Swales, a travelling hawker, was charged with allowing a horse and wagon to stand in the Market Place on the 26th ult., longer than necessary for loading and unloading. P.C. Delahey, who proved the case, stated that the horse and wagon stopped about 25 minutes nimnsite Mr. Car- lisle's shop. Defendant was fined 53.—A batch of similar cases was taken together, the defendants all beine, hawkers. Their names were John Baguley, Mill-street; James Ryan, Mill-st. ; Themas Carey, Old-road ; Wm. Comeford, Mill-lane ; and John Thomas Robinson, Town Hill. P.C. Delahey stated that on the 29th September he was near the Market in company with Constable Forster when he saw the defendants in charge of carts and handcarts. They stood in Market-st. and Lyme-st. for a considerable length of time, and when requested to move on they took little or no notice of witness or the assistant Market Inspector. On one occasion when the assistant Market Inspector asked them to move he was laughed at. Whenever they did move they simply changed places, and the street was greatly obstructed in consequence. They were repeatedly cautioned, but it had no effect whatever. Inspector Place gave evidence as to having previously warned the defendants Constable Forster corroborated P.C. Delahey's statement. Mr. Hunt stated that at Manchester a similar class of offenders were fined 403. each. They stopped people from going into the Market and were s great nuisance. It was really inciting to a breach of the peace for the police and officials to be laughed at, and taken no notice of.—The magistrates imposed a fine of 10s.and costs,or in defaq 34 days' imprisonment with hard labour.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH COURT.

FRlDAY.—Before Alderman Wright (chairman), and Mr.

S. Wright. COWARDLY ASSAULT ON AWOMAN.—Benjamin Shepherd, who said he was a moulder at Dallam Forge, was charged with having on the previotis Wednesday, beaten and assaulted Bridget Griffin, 3, Bay Horse-yard. The com- plainant, an aged woman, stated that the prisoner came to her house on Wednesday night and asked could he stay there for the night. She refused to have him, whereupon he picked up a loaf of bread from the table and threw it at her, knocking her to the ground. He also picked up a teapot and threw the boiling contents over her arms. Three chairs and a table were broken by the prisoner, who was under the influence of drink at the time. Mrs. Ward, a neighbour. gave corroborative evidence. The prisoner's defence was that he had had a drop of beer. He was coaimitt,ed to prison for one month nard labour. CRUEL'TY TO A HORSE.—Joseph Rigby, Duke-street, Ditton. was charged with cruelly illtreating a horse by working it in an unfit state, and John Dudley,B, Thomas Buildings, Canal Bank, Chester, was charged with caus- ing it to be so worked. Sergeant Cheney repeated the evidence given at the Court the previous Friday when the case was adjourned, stating that the horse was very lame and unfit to travel to its destination at Chester. D.S. Monaghan also gave evidence. Inspector Luff, R.S.P.C.A., gave the result of his examination of the horse the following morning.. It wa.,, cruelty to travel the horse. Dudley was fined ss. and costs and Rigby was discharged.

Fults' SEALSKIN JACKETS AND FURS of every description CLEANED or RE-DYED and ALTERED. FUR SKINS dressed and made up into rugs, &e.—B COOKE. Manufacturing Furrier, 11, Upper Newing- ton, and 21, Renshavr-street, Liverpool. Established 20 years.

-RIRDS, ANIMALS AND FISH STUFFED, and kJ mounted in Glass Cases of any design. HEADS and HORNS mounted also for Sale. Birds made into Hand Screens or Fire Screens. Dealer in British and Foreign Birds and Animals' Skins, Glass Shades. Stags' Heads. Cabinets. Store Boxes, Nets. &c.. for Butterfly and Egg Collectors —B. COOKE, Naturalist and Furrier, 21, Renshaw-street, Liverpool

===== 0002601_18941013_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
- THE EXAMINER; SATURDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1894;

WARRINGTON OCCAIONAL COURT.

MONDAY.—Befere Mr. James Tinsley. CBARGE OF STEALING POTATOES.—CharIes Gathercole and' William Broad were charged with stealing 1301b5.01 potatoes, value 35., the property of Levi James, at Grap- penhall, on Sunday night. P.C. Brew met the men coming from Mr. James's field, and when they saw him they dropped the potatoes. He gave chase and caught them. A remand was granted to Daresbury Petty Sessions. THE ALLEGED TB EFT or FowLs.—On Wednesday be- fore Mr. James Tinsley, Joseph Robinson ,Latchford was charged with stealing three fowls, value 75., the pro- perty of Joseph Dunbobbin, Bridge Foot. Warrington,on the 3rd of October. Mr. Unsworth appeared for the nlaintiff.—The County Police Inspector said the defen- dant was brought up on the charge at the last Warring- ton County Potty Sessions. The police had not then had time to make inquiries into the matter, and the case was accordingly remanded, Robinson being admitted to bail. Since that time inquiries had been made, and the result was that the police did not offer any evidence against the defendant. He, therefore, asked his worship to dis- charge him.—Mr. Unsworth, who appeared for Robinson said he had come to the court prepared with evidence to rebut the story altogether. He was not aware until that morning that the police charge was to be withdrawn. He hoped his worship would allow him to express his suprise that such a charge had ever been preferred against his client, because so far as he could see there was not the slightest thread of evidence to justify the arrest.—Mr. Tinsley: I don't think it necessary to go on as the case is withdrawn.—Mr. Edgar (representing the magistrates' clerk) : There was evidence a week ago, which justified the magistrates in adjourning the case. The borough police apprehended the man.—Mr. Tinsleys The case is dismissed. There is an end of it.—Mr. Uris- worth : There is an end of the case, but I think it right to express my view of it—Mr. Tinsley: That is right as far as it goes.—Mr. Unsworth: The defendant has bcen charged with a serious offence.—Mr. Tinsley : The case is dismissed.

_ RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS. MONDAY.—Before Major Hazlehurst, Dr. Steele, and Mr.

S. Taylor. LICENSE TRANSFER.—The license of the Camden Hotel, Surrey-st., was temporarily transferred from Elizabeth Hancock to John Fleming. NEGLECT OF EDUCATION.—Joseph Basnett, Stone-street, was fined 61. and costs in two cases for not ensuring the regular attendance of his two children at school. DEPRAVITY.— A. frequent female visitor, Catherine Bowden, was sentenced to 14 days' imprisonment for soliciting in Mersey-st.. at 11.30 p.m. on the 6th inst. AN UNSUCCESSFUL APPLICATION. —Mr. G. W. Allen, solicitor. of Runcorn and Widnes, made an application on behalf of Daniel Ankers, labourer, to reduce a main- tenance order made upon him in favour of his wife. Mary Ankersof Christleton,near Chester. Mr.J.Burton, solicitor, Runcorn, appeared to oppose. Mr. Allen said that the order was made by a bench of Runcorn jus- tices in June last, when the present applicant was or- dered to pay 10s. per week towards the maintenance of his wife. He went on to say that his client's means were not what they were at the time the order was made. Ankers, while in the Army, had sustained certain in- juries to his hands through a gun falling upon him, and consequently could not earn as much as an ordinary man. He was discharged with a good character. Since the order was made he had tried to settle the unpleasant matter between himself and his wife, and she had pro- mised him that she would return and again live with him. She had now, however, without canse. broken her promise. Mr. Burton submitted that the means of the applicant had not altered since the order was made, and that there was no cause to reduce the allowance. Ankera could earn 15s. per week at the least as a la- bourer, and in addition to this, as an Army pensioner,he was in receipt of is. per day.—The application was dismissed.

NEW RATES.—The magistrates gave their consent to the levying of the following rates :—Runcorn in the £, to produce,nn an estimated valuation of £60,815, the sum of £3,040 15s. 11d. ; Halton : is. 3d. in thee, to realise £379 ; and Stockham : is. in the 2, to realise £46. •

THE SEERI3IP-CRYING NUISANCE IN RUNCORN ON SUN- DAYS.—John Findlow, 14 years of age, Cooper-street, was summoned for committing a nuisance in Ellesmere- st., Runcorn, by crying and exposing shrimps for sale, on the Lord's Day. Sergeant 0411 proved hearing the defendant shouting his fish in Ellesmere-st., near the Chapel, at about 2.45 in the afternoon of the previous Sunday. In reply to the Chairman the defendant said he was employed by a fisherman named White,who had not told him that he ought not to shout on Sundays. Superintendent Atherton explained that he had taken these proceedings in consequence of certain letters which he had received, and which had been published in the papers with reference to the nuisance caused by these boys shouting their goods on Sundays. The nui- sance was committed outside places of worship,and was the cause of much annoyance to the worshippers when engaged in their devotions. He had sent constables round to the various dealers in fish to warn them of the steps he intended taking in such cases as the present. He did not object to the peoplo going to the doors of the houses for the purpose of selling their fish ; but he did object to their shouting.—The Bench discharged the defendant, hut informed him that he, as well as other sellers of fish, would henceforth be liable to have their goods forfeited if they were discovered committing a similar nuisance.

Lord Roberts, affectionately alluded to by Tommy Atkins as " Litth Robs," is well under five feet six inches, but is remarkably muscular. Sir John Astley, the famous sporting enthusiast, died somewhat suddenly on Wednesday morning, at Park- place, St. James's-st., London.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

GEO. G. BUSSEY & CO. are the leading makers of requisites for Football, He ckey, Golf, Baseball, Gymnasia, and all Sports and Games. Illlustrated catalogues may be obtained from the local dealers, or the Sports Manufactory Peckham, London. Trade < CCC (C Mark.

RUGBY. WARRINGTON v. BROUGHTON RANGERS.

Warrington commenced their third League encounter on Saturday; before about 4,000 spectators, their op- ponents being the Rangers trom Broughton. As each team had had in successive weeks such dreadful trounc- ings at the hands of Oldham, it was a matter of curiosity how they would fare against each other. The Warring- ton team had been considerably changed from the one which met Oldham the previous week, for Boscow re- appeared after a long absence in his old place at full back, while Heesom was put in Carey's place at three- quarters, but as he could not play, Carey was called upon after all. Lawless's place was taken by Nevins whose place in the forwards was taken by Bailey. The following were the teams : Warrington: Full back, Boscow; three-quarters, Carey, Potts, Nevins and Cunningham; halt backs, James T. Bate and Jstin T. Bate; forwards, Fair. Turner, Jolley, Buckley, Thorniley, Taylor, Berry, and Dakin. Broughton Rangers : Full back, Hartley; three- quarters, Berry, Whitehead, Chapman, and Howe; half backs, Hosker and Garrity; forwards,. Medley, Skid- more, Shepherd, Oman, Campbell, Shaw, Fitton, and Clapham. Nevins kicked 4fr towards the pavilion goal, and his kick was returned to himself by Whitehead. The return kick was sent by Nevins in touch at the quarter flag, where a scrimmage succeeded the line out, which the forwards screwed finely taking play to the Rangers' line. Alter a short foray to the centre line, Carey returned to the attack by accepting a pass from " Smack " Bate. In- dividual runs were made by the Bates, Nevins, Turner, and Cunningham, and considerable ground gained, but their efforts were neutralised by similar efforts by Gar- rity, Chapman. and Berry. The latter was the first Ranger to reach the Warrington territory, and Boscow did well to bring him to earth. Encouraged by this success, Chapman and Berry pressed still further, but being too eager, the latter player sent too far, and Nevins touched down. A fine dribble by Turner and Jolley succeeded the drop out, and from a long throw out, Nevins ran to the line only to find Hartley in the way. The Rangers again broke away, but Boscow by a tremendous punt regained all the lost ground. At length Thorniley got over, but great was the disappointment when he was called back owing to the ball having been , in touch. The prolonged attack was at length cleared by the Broughton Berry, and passing to Chapman, the latter looked a certain scorer when he was grassed by Boscow. Boscow was again called upon to stop Berry, and at this point, the Rangers attacked strongly. On one occasion, Carey made a wretched pass which was intended for Cunningham, but which was secured by Whitehead, and had it not been for the superior speed of Cunningham, a score would certainly have been made. A combined dribble by Thorniley and Taylor took play to half way, where the movement was partaken in by Jolley, Dakin, and Turner, but the Rangers again came to the attack, only to gain another barren minor. Tay- lor's kick out was charged down by Hosker, and this was the means of still another minor being conceded. A good run by Nevins was spoiled by Jolley dallying with the pass, and Dakin also spoiled another pass by a knock forward. Uninteresting play followed and the Rangers gained their fourth minor. They had the best o the game to half time, but spoiled their chances by off side tackling, and the interval arrived with a clean sheet. After the interval the Rangers again pressed, and on one occasion off-side tackling by them, saved Warrington. The Rangers were repeatedly in front of the home goal during the first five minutes, and they were at length driven away by a dribble across the field by the for- wards. At this point the first really good passing was witnessed, in which the Bates, Carey, Potts, Cunning- ham, and Nevins took part, and a great amount of ground was gained in consequence. Dakin then had a dribble on his own account, and was very near getting over when Hartley staved off the danger. From the latter's kick, Boscow made his mark in a good position, and Nevins made a good attempt at the place, but only a minor resulted. There was now a formidable attack on the part of the Rangers, ard Berry (Broughton) secured within a yard off the line with no one to stop him. Great was the chagrin of the Rangers when he lost possession, and a scrimmage was ordered, which was well rushed by the Warrington forwards. Howe now made a brilliant run, but as he was not supported, he did not prove dangerous thanks to Cunningham and Boscow. Potts roused hopes by a dash through his oppoisents, but lacking sufficient speed, his effort failed. Everyone was now making up their mind that the game would end in a pointless draw,when suddenly " Smack " Bate passed to Jack Bate, and the latter, passing all op- position, got over the line amid loud cheers. Taylor was not successful in increasing the lead. The Rangers we only dangerous once after this, when Boscow stopped an almost certain try, and the Warrington for- wards possessing superior stamina, held the opposing forces in check until the end of the game, but as they could not score again, the result was a victory for War- rington by a try and two minors to four minors. WARRINGTON " A " v. BROUGHTON "A." The Warrington " A " team gained their first two points on Saturday in the Lancashire Club Champioe- ship competition when they defeated the Broughton Rangers " A " team at Broughton. It was the first engagement of the season for the home team, and amongst their fifteen was included Nicholas, a well- known runner, and at one time a player in the Salford team. There was not a very large attendance when the ball was set in motion. For a short time play raged in Warrington quarters and on one or two occasions the home team became dangerous, but were unable to score. Altar a number of scrimmages Warrington broke away and took play into Broughton territory. Here Foden got possession of the ball, and after a dodgy run near to the Broughton line, he passed to Thornton who scored a try in a favourable position. Lawless took the place kick, and was successful in shooting the ball over the bar. The home team made strong efforts to equalize but the Warrington defence was impassable. As the game progressed Warrington improved in their play and several times entered the home quarters, but without further scoring. The whistle for half-time sounded with Warrington leading by a goal to nil. In the second half of the game a good deal of unseemly behaviour on the part of the spectators was noticeable. The Warrington touch-judge's decisions we re received with hooting, and some of the spectators so far overstepped their discretion as to throw at hire, conduct which the referee was not slow to condemn. Warrington by far had the best of the game in the second half and only twice were the home team dangerous. Lawless further augmented the Warrington score by a splendidly dropped goal. This was followed soon afterwards by Nicholas intercepting a pass and racing over the Warrington line. The same player also succeeded at the goal kick to the intense delight of the spectators. The remainder of the game was in favour of Warrington who retired victors of a, well-fought game by two goals to one coal. The follow- ing were the teams :—Warrington : Mannion, fnll-back ; Thornton, Lawless, Gibson, Edelsten, three-quarter backs ; Forster and Foden, halfbacks; Randles,Burrows, Wilson, Fairhurst, Savage, Andrews, Houghton and Barratt, forwards ; Browghton Rangers : W. Emethurst, fell back ; H. Bentley, E. Anderson, G. Walsh, T. L. Nicholas, three-quarter backs ; FL Allcock, and W.Lead-

better, half-backs; C. Stansfield, G. Arrowsmith, G. Worrall, J. Fletcher, W. Brcome, J. Connor, J. Irlam, and W. Hilton, forwards.

WARRINGTON ST. MARY'S 2ND V. STOCKTON DEATH 2ND.—Played at Stockton Heath on Saturday, a well contested game resulting in a draw of one try each.

RUNCORN RECREATION V. SALE ASHFIELD.—This match was played at Sale on Saturday afternoon. The first half was splendidly contested, the Sale men having a slight advantage, but could not do anything against the visitors' defence, while Minshull succeeded in scoring 3 try for the Recs., at which the score stpod at the interval. In the second portion of the game the Runcorn men played up grandly, and from a penalty Clay kicked a splendid goal. The game all through had been played at high pressure, and at times was very exciting. Just before the close W. Gregory signalizing his appearance in the team by running in a try near the corner,the game ending in a win for the Recreation by one (penalty) goal, two tries, to nothing.

WARRINGTON EXCELHORS V. LEESFIELD TRINITY.— These smart Oldham juniors paid their first visit to Wilderspool Causeway to try conclusions with the Ex- celsiors. The late arrival of the visitors prevented the kick off till 4.30, when the home team started, and for a few minutes play was chiefly in midfield. A rush by the visitors' forwards looked dangerous, but Hockenhull got the oval away nicely. The home team now had a turn, and from some loose work had hard lines, Brob- bin, Hughes,and Royle being prominent. This was fol- lowed by a capital effort by Hockenhull, who put in a neat run and kick. However, they dribbled the leather down the field, and a mistake by Sparks let in Woods, who scored an easy try. The place kick proved a failure, which brought the interval,the visitors leading by a try. Play in the other half calls for no comment, but it left the visitors winners by a try to nil. ST. PETERS V. WIDNES JOCKS IsT.—This match .was played on the ground of the former. The home captain winning the toss the visitors kicked off into the homes- ters quarters. A series of scrimmages took place in which Makin got hold and passed to Holbrook and then to Roberts,this player running round scored the first try, Rutter kicking a goal. From a scrimmage Makin passed to Hankinson, this player passing back to Makin, who scored the second try, no goal resulting. Half time arrived with the score St. Peters, 1 goal, 1 try, 1 minor. The homesters kicking off, being short of Allcock who had to retire with his arm hurt. Hankinson got hold and kicked well and the forwards following up ended in Makin scoring his second try, Rutter kicking a goal. From the kick off Bamber secured and kicked to centre. Time arrived the score being :—St. Peters, 2 goals,l try, 2 miners; Widnes Jocks, 1 minor. WARRINGTON RANGERS V. CHESTER COLLEGE.—PIayed at Lovely-lane on Saturday. The Rangers kicked off the ball being returned to Jackson who ran and passed to Gleave, that player sending the ball into touch near the line. From the first scrimmage formed, Hinchliffe got hold and feigning to pass slipped through his op- ponents and scored a clever try, Gleave from the place landing a fine goal. Elated by this early success, the homesters played up with renewed energy but over eagerness spoiled several fine openings. Eventually Chester had a look in,smart play by Butterworth putting the hotnesters on the defensive and a miskick by the Rangers' back let in Cobb, the goal kick being at fault. The game hereabouts became very interesting,each side attacking in turn, but nothing further was recorded when half time was called with the score, Rangers one goal ; Chester one try. After the interval the College forwards went away with great dash, but the home defence left nothing to be desired, and play continued to be very even until Railton for the visitors got possession and running strongly got over near the corner. The Rangers being now in a minority strove hard to equalise and a splendid piece of passing along the line of backs saw Price romping over in fine style. Gleave however failed to augment, From the drop out the Rangers con- tinued to hold the upper hand and finally retired victors by one goal, one try to Chester College two tries.

WARRINGTON ST. MARY'S v. STOCKTON HEATH.—The above teams met on Saturday on the Liverpool-rd ground before 1,000 spectators. The "Heathens' won the toss, and elected to play with the wind. G.Hampsen started the ball for the Saints, Broady making a good return. The Saints were soon pressing Stockton Heath on their lines, when Cross was forced to kick dead. Stockton Heath now had a turn,the forwards taking the ball down the field, only to see Roughley quite safe. Some good play by Barber and Webster transferred play to the Saints" lines, where the homesters were penalized for picking out of the scrimmage. Broady took the place kick, but failed to enhance its value. Smart kicking by F. Hampson and Higginbottom improved the Saints' position, and a moment later a splendid long kick by Burton saw the Eleathens defending. After series of scrimmages the Saints began to show the advantage.and this they maintained almost continuously throughout the game, when from a scrimmage Lally secured, but was grassed by Burton when looking dangerous. Al- though the visitors screwed the scrimmages the defence could not be penetrated. Half time arrived with the score nil. On resuming, the Saints pressed and forced the Heathens to defend, when Barber gathered and passed to Webster, but the latter was upset by Warbur- ton before he had gone far. St. Mary's now brightened up considerably, and for the remainder of the second half had much the best of the game. A line out gave them an advantage, and they conceded a minor. From the drop out the Saints again got possession, and were making nicely fo r the line when the referee recalled them for some informality. Several scrimmages ensued and a combined rush by the Stockton Heath forwards forced Burrows to save. From a scrimmage the home- sters' forwards came on with a rush, and from some scrambling play Monks scored, Burton being responsible for the goal. From the drop out, Thomas n.ade a good return, forcing Stockton Heath to defend again. G. Hampson put in some capital play and did splendid service for his team. The Saints eventually ran out victors of a hard fought gameby 1 goal to nil. RUNCORN v. HUNSLET.—The senior Runcorn team journeyed to Hunslet for the first time on Saturday, to engage the champions of this town. The match took place on the Parkside enclosure, the following being the respective teams :—Runcorn: Houghton, back; Richard- son, Warder, Butterworth and Gayter, three-quarter hacks; Robinson and J. Faulkner, half-backs; Taylor, Farmer, Reece, Johnson, Pendlebury, Davies; Langley and Lightfoot, forwards. Hunslet : Robinson. back ; Mitchell, A. Goldthorpe, W. Goldthorpe and Wright, three-quarter hacks; Townsend and Simpson. half- backs; Kaye, Walsh, Rathmell, Beacon, Cooper, Manson, Rubry and Ducker forwards. Runcorn kicked off in a drizzling rain and play remained for sometime in mid field. The homesters got away at length and after some very tough play Rubry got over at the corner. Goldthorpe failed to improve. Later on Run- corn, who had shown some very good pass- ing equalized. Give and take play followed ' until Hunslet were penalized and the Runcorn lads dashed away and secured a second try, Butterworth making a poor attempt to secure a major point. The homesters now made the Runcornians turn tail and defend their own territory. Houghton repelled some splendid shots, and tackled well. Brilliant open play by the Runcurn forwards succeeded, but Hunslet kept the ball tight in the packs, and went in for the close rushing game, trusting to their strength and weight. Townsend eventually scored at the corner, no goal resulting from the place. The whistle sounded for the interval with the scores even, two tries each. The second portion of the game was very rough and attended with more casualities than the first portion. Runcorn behaved pluckily, and gave their opponents considerable trouble before they were able to secure a goal. This success on the part of the homesters spurred the visitors on and they showed capital form in their endeavours to make matters even. In this they could not succeed, however, and the game, which had proved a very rough one,ended with a win for Hunslet by one goal two tries to Runcorn two tries.

ORFORD CRESCENT V. PARR VICTORIA (Senior League). —This match was played on the Crescent ground, on Saturday, Mr. Dearden, Earlestown, being the referee. The Vies, won the toss and kicking down hill to the rail- way end, Wilson set the ball in motion. From the com- mencement the Crescent forwards pressed. J.Weston and E. Mather, wings centreing grand, but owing to lack of shooting only gal kicks resulted. At last the visitors kicked the ball down the field and Jones thinking Hayes was going to take the kick left it for him only to see one of the Vies, men put a very simple goal, Hayes clearitag but the Vies, forwards were too sharp and rushed the only point of the day. The Crescent team attacked and the goal keeper took the ball under the bar,but the referee didn't seem to think it a goal. From the restart to finish both teams tried the best, especially the visitors, but they always found Hayes with open arms, glad to receive any shots which were occasionally sent in. When whistle was blown Parr were the victors by 1 goal to nil.—For the homesters Hayes played grand in goal and saved his club time after time, as is his usual form. J. Jones and Dutton playing grand at backs and Thompson was the only half worth mentioning, his defence being excellent. All the forwards played good combination but are poor at shooting. The visitors played a good game throughout, but the Crescent were the best club of the day. LANCASHIRE ALLIANCE.—EARLESTOWN V. HATDOCIC.— Earlestown journeyed to Haydock on Saturday after- noon to meet the Alliance cup-holders. This is Earles- town's first season in the Alliance, and as they have worked their way into a good position, much interest was evinced in their meeting with Haydock, conse- quently a very large number of their supporters wended their way to Haydock to witness the struggle, and they were rewarded by an excellent contest, both sides put- ting forth every effort to gain the premier point. Both teams were fully represented, and Earlestown winning the toss, Fielding kicked off for Haydock before about 3-,000 spectators. Earlestown at once took up the attack, and kept Haydock in their own quarters for some time. Getting an opportunity, Conway shot in but Lee saved. After a free kick to Haydock, Lee and Conway with some tricky play worked the leather well down ,and Con- way centreing, Siddeley headed the ball over. Haydock now made a visit to the Earlestown goal, but Peat cleared and again the bale was worked down to the wagon goal, but the final shot went over. Some even play ensued, but the pace being exceedingly fast, no judgment in shooting was exercised, and there was a tendency to play the man instead cf the ball. Haydock attacked and worked the ball to the Earlestown quar- ters, but the final shot was futile. A corner fell to Hay- dock which they failed to improve upon, and the visi- tors worked the ball down to the home goal, Siddeley, Lee, and Conway being noticeable for a smart bit of head play. Play still continued in the Haydock quarters. but Earlestown were unable to break through the defence of Greenhalgh and Wainwright. Another assault was made on the Haydock goal, but Greenhalgh cleared. Hands off Preston gave Earlestown a chance, but the ball was cleared, and Haydock getting hold raced away, but the ball was worked out. Siddeley got possession and cleverly worked the globe down, but his final shot went wide. Haydock now visited the Earlestown but were unable to lower their colours. A series of 7 kicks brought the ball down to the Haydock goal, and Lee and Conway after a pretty bit of play placed the Haydock goal in danger, but unfortunately the ball went over. Again they attacked the home goal, but experi- enced hard, luck in not scoring. Haydock now worked up, and had their first shot at goal which was taken by Fielding, but it went wide of the mark. Earlestown again pressed and Lee shot, but the ball went over the line. Haydock now got hold, and Worsley and Fielding worked up, Worsley shot, and scored for Haydock. From the kick-off, they again made an attack on the Earlestown goal, but fsiled to score, and half time was reached with the score as above. On turning round, Earlestown rushed up, and from a scrimmage in front of goal, Harrison headed through his own goal, thus equalising. Haydock now ran down, and Fielding shot, but the ball hit the post and went out. Haydock now pressed a little, but the Earlestown backs were equal to all attempts to score. Earlestown attacked, and Jenkin- son headed, but the ball just passed out. A visit was made to the Earlestown goal, but the final shot was wide. A corner fell to Haydock, but the ball was got away. Earlestown bombarded the Haydock goal for some.time, and had several near chances of scoring, but they experi- enced hard luck. Play became of a give and take char- acter, until Earlestown getting hold, and Siddeley made a splendid effort, but the ball went out. Again they attacked and Conway getting the ball at his toes narrowly missed scoring. A corner fell to Haydock,but it was fruitless, Siddeley played a grand game hereabouts, and put in some nice shots. A corner to Earlestown was nicely placed, but it waa headed over the bar. Play became pretty even, both sides attacking, but the game ended in a draw of a goal each. Tea ms.— Earlestown : Goal, Lawrence; backs, Peat and Wilkin- son; half backs, Taylor, Siddeley and Clarke; forwards, Conway, Lee, Topping, Jenkinson snd Hughes. Hay. dock: Goal, Lee; backs, Greenhalgh and Wainwright; half backs, Wilson, Harrison and Preston ; forwards, Meyer, Morris, Fielding, Shaw and Worsley.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
Soap

is a distance of nearly 8000

miles, yet it would only require

200 days for the Soap made at

Port Sunlight to reach from the

North to the South Pole, and at

the same rate of production an unbroken line of SUNLIGHT

SOAP reaching From the Earth

The Moon

(a distance of

225,000 miles)

could be made in less

than 6000 working days.

This means that equal to

ONE MILE of

is Made every 15 minu

- 174 - ---- - _ - , , _7 drfil) era. 141:c ----1%4'•-;,-A - : , . . - - j. • • • - -1" • ' '

===== 0002601_18941013_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION.

BEWSEY ALL SAINTS V. HOLY TRINITY S.S.—This match was played on the ground of the former on Saturday and resulted in a win for the saints by one to nil, the saints playing a rough game throughout. Jones, the Trinity full back, retired hurt, and it was during his absence that Bewsey secored their winning point.

WARRINGTON V. LEEK.—This match was played at Warrington on Saturday before a poor "gate." William- son kicked off for Warrington, and the ball was well re- turned by the visiting backs. Rae stopped a nice rush by the Leek men, and Reid and Mather sent in several long kicks. Leek then made an invasion of the War- rington half, and Crosby defeated Williamson and scored the first goal for Leek. The visiting team pressed the remainder of the half, Heywood shooting another goal before half-time was called, when the score stood Leek two goals to nil. Warrington pressed through the first portion of the second half, and Mather scored for the homesters. In the latter stages Leek again had the t'est of matters. Williamson had to save time after time,and at last failed to stop a rush of the forwards,which added another goal to the visitors' score. Time was called with the score in favour of Leek by three goals to one.

WARRINGTON ST. ELPHIN'S V. MANCHESTER WAN- DERERS.—The above teams met at Old Trafford on Satur- day. The visitors only took ten men, owing to the in- disposition of Phcenix,who cried off at the last moment. Marshall won the toss, and the home centre kicked off. Nothing was scored till near half time, when Marshall managed to get one past the home custodian. Half time was called with the score St.Elphin's one goal,Wanderers nil. Immediately after the restart Marshall registered his second with a low, swift shot. This reverse stirred up the home forwards, who went off with great dash, and using their superior weight rushed the ball past Robson. Hatton raceti down in fine style and, though hemmed in at the corner he managed to pass back to Tickell, who scored with a fine long shot. In a short time the Saints' forwards were up again and Hickin- bottom crossed to Dendy, who scored the fourth. The home forwards then went off with another burst and, profiting by a misunderstanding on the part of one of the backs, scored a second goal. Soon after Hickin- bottom was enabled to get up and score a fifth. Shortly before time the Wanderers got through andscored again. The signal for ceasing play was then given with the score St..Elphins, five goals ; Wanderers, three.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
Sunlight

ASSOCIATION.

WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT AMATEUR LEAGUE,

FIRST DIVISION. Results up to Saturday last

Go-ale

Played Won Lost Drawn For Agt Pts liarnton Albion Newton-le-Willows 3 3 0 0 ..14 ... 9 ... 6 Harlestown Victoria Parr Victoria Farnworth Penketh Orford Crescent Widnes Parish Church 2 0 2 0 1 7 0

SECOND DIVISION. Widnes Parish Church R 4 ... 3 *Newton-le-Willows R WarringtonL.&N.W.Albion 3 ... 3 ... 0 ... 0 —.19 .... 3 ... 6 Bank-st. Mission 5 2 2 1 17 .3 5 St. Elphin's R Sutton Victoria R Winwick-st. St. OswElds Warrington St. Mary's Penketh R 4 1 3 0 .11 ..25 2 Orford 5 1 4 0 8 ..31 2 Peter Walker and Sons 4 0 4 0 2 ..25 0 *Newton-le-Willows have had two points deducted for play- ing an ineligible man.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
ANOTHER SEAMAN DROWNED AT RUNCORN.

THE SAD END OF A NIGHT'S PLEASURE.

An inquiry was made on Monday afternoon at the C- netery offices, Greenway-road, by Mr. J. E. Worsley, coroner, relative to the demise of Peter Traynor, 21 years of age,a seaman,of Liverpool,who was drowned on Friday night, by falling into the Ship Canal at the Old Quay, Runcorn.—Captain Easeley, attended on behalf of the Ship Canal Comoany.—The body was identified by Michael Duffy, fish dealer. 75, Kensington, Liverpool, as that of his cousin, Peter Traynor, whom he had last seen three months ago.— From the testimony of Henry Traynor,an "able-bodied" on board the s.s. "Trieste," and a resident of Liver- Pool, it is apparent that the deceased, who was also an " A .B." on board the same vessel, left the ship about eight o'clock on Friday night,in the company of witness and another man named Thomas Beahan, the ship's carpenter. The ship, which was loaded with timber and bound for Manchester, was moored against the Old Quay Dock, Runcorn. Tim three men went into the town and each one had about four pints of beer before they thought of retarning at 10.30. They started in the direction of tke ship, all of them being perfectly aware of what they were doing. On , reaching another public- house Peter Traynor wished,tti go in to get more drink, but the other two men peritiaded him not to go,the wit- ness saying to the deceased at the time that the road to their ship was a very dangerOus one, and that they would have to be very careful. They all went on again, and when they got to the lock, over which they had to pass, the carpenter walked in advance, deceased went next, and witness followed about ten yards behind. Whilst witness was singing Peter Traynor suddenly dis- appeared into the lock. Instantly witness looked over the lock gate, but the night was so dark that nothing could be seen. He then ran to the watchman's hut and told him of the occurrence. He then snatched up a life buoy, returned to the lock,and threw it into the water. He could not see the deceased, but he threw the buoy where he thought the deceased might have been. The watchman took a boat round and afterwards entered the lock. When the body was found at two o'clock the following morning witness was on board his ship. The decoased and the carpenter were both on the best of terms, and the fact that he was absent from the inquiry did not create any suspicions in witness's rnind.—Edwm Caunce, lock keeper, testified to recovering the body at two o'clock on Saturday morning. It was very dark on Friday night. He did not hear TrayKor fall into the lock, but he heard some one shout out "Peter." He saw the last witness throw the life buoy into the lock, but owing to the darkness they could not discern the whereabouts of deceased. The water was about 14 feet deep where the man fell in. Witness did not hear any noise on the night of the occurrence which would lead him to thick that the men had been quarrelling.—The Coroner, in. reviewing the evidence, said he thought that everything possible had been done, for the deceased un- der the circumstances, and advised that a verdist of "Accidental death'? be returned.—The jury recorded this verdict. •

WHAT CAUSES PIMPLES ? Clogging of the pores. The little plug in the centre of the pimple is called a blackhead, grub, or comedone. The only preventive is CIITICURA SOAP, the most effective skin purifying and beautifying soap in the world, as well as the purest and sweetest for toilet and nursery. It is the only preven- tive of pimples, blackheads, red, rough and oily skin, red, rough hands, with shapeless nails, dry, thin, and falling hair, and simple baby blemishes, because the only preventive of inflammation and clogging of pores, the cause of minor affections of the skin, scalp, and hair. Sale greater than the combined sales of all other skin and complexion soaps.

r::f„

===== 0002601_18941013_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
PROPOSED SMALLPDX HOSPITAL FOR

WARRINGTON.

In consequence of a proposal made by the War- rington Corporation to the County Council that a smallpox hospital should be provided for Warring- ton and the adjoining districts, to be maiatained At the joint expense of the authorities of those dis- tricts, a conference was held at the county offices at Preston on Friday afternoon. The conferenge was attended by members of the different authori- ties interested. Warrington Corporation was re- presented by Aldermen Sutton and Blackhurst, and Councillor Skelton, (members of the Health Cora- mittee,) the Town Clerk (Mr. J. Lyon Whittle), and Dr. Gornall (medical officer); Warrington SanitarY Authority by Rev. G. F. Roberts, Mr. A. Jolley, Mr. S. Sutton (clerk), and Dr. Sephton (medical officer); Newton Commissioners by Messrs. Ormand and Ratcliffe; and Leigh Local Board by Mr. Williams (clerk), Mr. Fairclough, and an: other member. Alderman Sutton was voted to the chair, and Dr. Sergeant, county medical officer, explained the object of conference. It was proposed to constitute the unions of War' rington and Leigh into a joint hospital district foro the treatment of smallpox, the maintenance 0' which will be made by a rateable contribution frona each of the authorities, and the expenses of the patients borne in proportion to the number sent from each authority. After a somewhat lengthY discussion in which most present took part, a 80b committee was appointed to report upon the con- stitution of the proposed hospital committee, the contribution of the expenses, and the most suitable site for the smallpox hospital available for the whole of the district. A resolution was passed pa the proposition of Councillor Skelton that in the opinion of the conference, it was desirable that Oa local authoritieswith in the unions of Warrington and Leigh be constituted into a joint hospital district under the Isolation Hospitals Act,1893, for the pa' pose of dealing with cases of smallpox. The con- ference was adjourned sine die to await the report of the sub-committee which it is expected will be given during next month.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
MUSIC HATH CHARMS TO SOOTHE TO SAVAGE B(R)EAST.

(Plagiarised from Mr. W. Shakespeare and Bill Adantsr Esq., in collaboration.) On a downy couch they sat together, The lamplight burning low and dim ; The old Wks had retired to slumber— 'Twas eleven-forty-five P.M. Their tales of love and sweet canoodling, Ten seconds they'd left off or so ; Their hearts felt poised 'tween love and sadness, Because—twas time that he should go. He fidgeted, in mild distraction, As if he'd something in his mind He lacked the enterprise to utter, Like a lump of lead tossed in the wind ! At last he mustered up some courage, And said, " my Sweetest Gwendoline, I'm to request a little favour Which you I trust will not decline." She blushed a sea-green jet carnation, That almost rivalled Sankey Brook, Or Mersey's pale pellucid waters, Where ardeec anglers " fish for fluke"— And said, in love-struck agitation, "My dearest Adam, well know you There's nought within my power, in reason, For you I would not gladly do." " Thanks,thanks, my precious rose-eyed darling' My trouble is like this, you see : I know the big black dog so savage, Out on the lawn's awaiting me. Would you please sit at the piano, And once more try to sing and play That latest song of yours "Pa-ra-ra ' ? I want to skeer the brute away"! ADAM NEWSENSE. Warrington, October, 1894.

The Marquis of Londonderry derives a big revenue from selling coals, wholesale and retail. So do the Marquis of Bute, Earl Fitzwilliam, the Earl of and Lord Vivian. Lord Dudley is decended from wn Ward, who was jeweller and goldsmith to the Queen °. Charles 1., and amassed such a large fortune in 11 business that his son was considered a suitable husna° ' the heiress of the last Lord Dudley of the Sutton lice. We sometimes hear people ask what Scott's Emulsion It is simply a nourishing food that feeds the blood. builds Or new tissue and nourishes the whole system. It is cod lileed oil made easy to take and easy to assimilate, and render more beneficial by hypophosphites of lime and soda. riA sicians, the world over, endorse it. Chemists sell it. 29. and 4s. 6d.—(17)

WARRINGTON RURAL SANITARY A-UTHORITY.

The monthly meeting of the above Authority was held at the Board Room of the Work h )use on Fri- day. The Rev. G. F. Roberts presided and there were also present Messrs. W. Long, J.P., W. Hough- ton, Dignum, R. Heaton, A. Jolley, G. Ratcliffe, S. Sutton (clerk), W. Owen (surveyor), F. Kerfoot (nuisance inspector), and Dr. Sephton (medical sofficer).

DISPUTED PLANS.

_ The CLERK said that Mr. Gough was in attendance With reference to the dispute about the plans of five houses which he was building at Sankey, and which Mr. Owen had not passed.—Mr. OWEN said that before Mr. Gough came into the room, he would like to say that he refused to pass the plans because the drains were not satisfactory, and the water also. The analysis of the water was very unsatisfactory, and the drainage in the course which it was proposed to take would affect water used by cattle for drinking purposes. So long as plans were in accordance with the bye-laws, he had no other course but to pass them. The plans of Mr. Gough were in accordance with the bve-laws, and he had therefore no course but to pass 'them. He (Mr. Owen) had received a letter from Mr. Jeans, the solicitor of Mr. 'Gough, stating that the water was not used by cattle, and that if the Authority did not pass the plans, he :would apply to the Queen's Bench for a mandamus. His , information was that the water was used for cattle. His , Opinion was that the best plan would be to pass the plans and to endorse it to the effect that the drainage must not vitiate the water and take no further course until Mr. Gough applied for a certificate of habitation.—Mr. Gough was then called in and said that his clans were in accordance with the bye-laws. He denied that the drains polluted the water, and said that the drains of Several other houses went into the same brook. He also alleged that the drains were in use previously. Be 'complained that there was a movement against his building the houses because the property Was on a lower scale than the other buildings in the district, and that they were near to a stack yard.—Mr. OWE,N said that the drain had never previously been used by five houses, and said that it would pollute the water. The CRAIRMAN said that the Authority were determined to Prevent the pollution of streams, and they were most careful in all new cases to prevent such taking place.— Alter further discussion, the Authority passed the plans .and endorsed them according to the advice of Mr. Owen.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
RIXTON BURIAL GROUND.

The CLERK announced that a satisfactory agreement had been come to to all parties with reference to the Rixton burial around, by a portion of the unallotted ground being apportioned to the Roman Catholics. MEDICAL OFFICER'S REPORT.

Dr SEPIITON reported that the births during the month Lad been 40, deaths 10. The death rate was equal to 86 per 1,000 against 129 during the last three months, and 23-3 the corresponding month last year. The death rate from zymotic diseases had been 1.4 per 1,000, against 1•2 the last three months. and 5.2 the corres- Donding month of last year. The two deaths from ,Yrriotic diseases had been one from diarrhoea and one Qom typhoid. SURVEYOR'S REPORT.

Mr. Ow EN reported as follows :—" During the month, Inspections have been made of Mr.Rigby's house,and Mr. r.enworthy's house, Grappenhall, Miss Kenworthy's touse,penketh, Church House, Padgate, and Mr. Gould's house, Great Sankey. In accordance with your instruc- tions, I have informed Mr. Bennie that his estimates for bale-st. and Owen-st.will be accepted when the sanction Of the Local Government Board is obtained for the tern- I3orary loan of the money. Mr. Ewart is proceeding with Ills contract satisfactorily,and a certificate is issued for second instalment amounting to £4O. With reference to

PADGATE WATER SUPPLY, tie reported "the Town Clerk called upon me to ask Whether the water piping might be continued from the corner of Padgate-road along Fearnhead-lane for about &:)0 yards for the supply of houses on that road, on the aatne terms and conditions as the piping now being laid, 'lamely, a guarantee of E3L-- per cent, per annum. I have aiiked your Inspector to be in a position to report to you N'diat number of houses in this length are likely to take Water. The cost would probably be £52 10s. Mr. Wm. Ilennett applies for the water pipes to be carried down kruche Avenue in 3-inch pipes to supply two dwelling- °uses erected and occupied and assessed at £3B rateable each. The length of piping required would be about 150 Yards. The auarantee terms would be as before at a cost (4 about £26.

APERFECT CURE WILKINSON'SSPECIAL ELIXIR

===== 0002601_18941013_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
BIIRTONWOOD DRAINAGE.

"Eight estima-teS—h-a-vei.Ten-ieTei;:edirom contractors 'Pr No.l contract, which includes the work on the north tile of the brook, except some further expense which 37 have to be Incurred in the formation of the road ,gcltering into the land."—The estimate of Beckett and n, Hartford, was accepted for £1,184, and the report Was passed.

--.,1*--. THE CHANCE OF A LIFETIME.

Do you worry because you look so very pale, with ,11,1)3 almost white and feel as though nothing could re- ',_‘•ore you to vigorous, happy life ? If so, take Cock- %lmes Blood Tonic Pills and stop worrying. They make tileeks like roses and delicate ladies strong. Of all etnists in boxes at Is., 23. 6d., and 43. 6d., or per post extra direct from the makers, COCKBURN'S DRUG 13t0ttes, Howard-st., Glasgow.

The writ for the Birkenhead election was received on „Illesday morning. The nomination has been fixed for *laturday, and the polling for the ensuing Wednesday.

RUPTURED CURED without operation. All who wish to tet rid of Rupture and trusses should send to Mr. S. J. s,llEnst As, Hernia Specialist, 64. Chancery Lane, London. and "'", 'Sing Street, Manchester for his Book post free 7d.-4dvt.

t It is estimated that to keep the whole German army in he field for a week would cost million pounds.

CADBURY'S COCOA.--" A food alike suitable for building ,11i3.the growing body, and for repairing the wasto which is tletdental to all the processes of lite."—Health. (1)

ehristian Conrad. of Delaware County, lowa, is 116 "ears old and still enjoying fairly good health.

,WORTH KNOWING.—WOODEND'S FAMOUS NINE ZILS. is it boon to sufferers and acts like magic in all cases RHEUMATISM, SPRAINS, BRUISES, and STIFF ANTS. Price is. 4d. per bottle, carriage paid.—J.lVoornEND. '4Baztist. 22. Pitt-street, Liverpool.—. Ada.

Rep. Edward Allen, of Somerset, is said to be the oldcst ~:tergyman in the English Church, being now in his 97th Tear. He reads and writes without using glasses. .UPTURES. TRUSSES. WOODEND'S PATENT ,L4USSES, the most comfortable truss ever invented. A Zon to wearers, having no spring at back. Single 7s. Ed. tfouble 12s. Carriage paid. Send size in inches tc J. wnenErrn. Chemist, 22, Pitt-street. Liverpool.—Advt.

, Dr. Oliver Wendell Holmes died in Boston on Sun- may.

" TOBACCONISTS commencing" Illd 'guide (2E9 pages 3d toritccoNlSTS' CO.-186, Euston-i oad.London. manager. `llr. MYERS Est. 1866. u A remarkable feat in chess-playing was performed at ruremberg, where the young player, Herr Walbrodt, 'as been playing a match with Dr. Tarrasch. Walbrodt tlayed fifty-one games simultaneously, winning forty- 'Pro, losing five, and drawing four. LINEN LASTS LONGER ! In soaking and washing clothes. 14114 T use HUDSON'S EXTRACT OF SOAP LaSTS LONGER ! or HUDSON'S DRY S.IP LASTS LONGER! Saves rubbing! Does no INENrot the line. 3 Peaking at Leeds on Monday night, Mr. Herbert ''adstone, M.P., referred to the House of Lords. He T`licl a dec:aration would soon be made by the Liberal ,?aders with regard to the present situation, and he had '„Qe fullest confidence that it would meet with the entire 'oncurrence of the party.

he most economical watch is the new quick-wind, stem- 't Waterbury • seldom requires repairs, and then at little Made in all I • ' • . N sizes and styles, from gold•to nickel. From 17. to 130/- Illustrated catalogue post free on application to aterbury, 7, Snow Hill, London. Sold by all Watchmakers. 'Advt. (5)

A shaw-Lefevre, M.P., speaking at Louth on Mon- ua... night, said he believed there would be a general ti on before another year bad gone. The result of ,4t election would be the return of the Liberal Govern- to power again with a majority large enough to 41137 out the Newcastle programme,dispose of the House Lords, and secure Home Rule for Ireland. i Royal Laundresses say Critchley's " STARCH G-LOES i'lltitineqUalled for impartine a beautifnl finish to starcheo &c., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr. —, Corn- „Etat, Bays My wife will not finish our linen without y,-,tir Starch Gloss.'" From Mrs. —, Bradford "Dear sit 1it,41 Pleased to inform you that I have tried many so-callPd %Larch Glazes and Bri shes. but find none equal to yours." It 13;1,ould be used in every house. Sold at id., 3d., and 6d., by thrt litarch sellers. If not in stock will ~rocure Ii . Btsekhurn. P.:oprietor.—Adat

v.A terrible catastrophe occurred on Tuesday morning ~.,' Chart, ham on the South-Eastern Railway. At a level a° .. '3lng a waggon containing a number of hop pickers .0,,-r_rtin into by a goo ls train, five persons being killed -wight and two dying subs equently. IMEXICAN CURE. C- NOWN AS REV. JOSEPH HOLMES' MEXE- CAN Frescrip 'for tien, is the only guaranteed Remedy N,, all those who suffer front the errors of youth, nervous hteak negs, exhausted vitality, kidney, bladder, gravel. prost- yZand kindred complaints, and has stood the test for 20 1C.,.". Send a self-addressed stamped envelope to JOSEPH igP•S' Remedy Co., Bloomsbury Mansions, Bloomsbury fr—arei London, and get full particulars of this great Remedy e 4 of charge. tiEight persons sustained serious injury on Tuesday by "Plosion of gunpowder on the premises of Mr. J. F. 'Lithe, Blackwellgate, Darlington. SHOW THIS TO SOME WOMAN. b001,..wi1l send a valuable, instructive, and highly interesting e n',...,which eve.y woman would be glad to have 1-ta important and confidential advice and tells both arojte:d and single how to keep healthy and avoid the temeTes so distressing to the sex. Sent tree, securely At , for one stamp to cover postage. N4cilai RPas : Professor E. LASALLE, 17, Eaustrona Terrace. 'n:;',1:1, Loniton, W.

ITTLE ILLS.

iall Pill. - Dose. Price. ' in a

rely Vege- table.

Cure Torpid Liver, Bile, Sallow Complexion, and Sick Headaches promptly: and cure them so as to stay cured. Chemists, is. 11:d.

BEAUTIFUL TEETH for all who nee daily on the tooth brush a few drops of SOZODONT, the pleasantest dentifrice in the world.

eleanSes the teeth and spaces between them as nothing else will. Sound and pearly whits teeth, rosy lips, and fragrant breath ensured. Ask for SOZODONT.e 2s. Sd

SMITH'S TASTELESS DANDELION ANTIBILIOUS PILLS.

Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. per box (by post for 15 or 33 stamps), are a proved substitute for calomel. Are suiteal for either sex, and may be taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach, head and kidneys ; free the skin of humours, purify the blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and safety, alter excess in eating or drinking, and are the most valuable at change of life, or periodical obstruction. No Blue Pill or Mer- curials, hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S., 280, Walworth-read, London.

PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CELEBRATED CORN BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, Is. W., per box, by post for 15 stamps ; a known cure, however bad the case. SMITH'S INVALUABLE PILE POWDER , AND PECTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZENGES SAME PRICES. sold by all Patent Medicine Vendors

CARTER'S L LIVER P' small CARTER Small .I,ITTLE Forty IVER Mi. Purr ' • ,

===== 0002601_18941013_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SAIURDAY OCTOBER 13, 1894.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
• JOHN WALKER AND C PROPRIETORS O' THE EXAMINER SERIES OF LANCASHIRE & CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS

===== 0002601_18941013_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
WHICH COMPRISE

rrHE Warrington Mid-Cheshire Examiner, pub- lished Saturday morning. The district covered by the Paper comprises many populous martufacturing towns and villages, and a large agricultural tract.

THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, and Ash,ton, Golborne, and Haydoa: Reporter, published Friday afternoon. The district is in the heart of the Lancashire coal field.

PTHE St. Helens Exam:4ler and Preseot Weekly News, Published Friday afternoon. The district comprises the centre of the Glass, Chemical, and Watch Trades of the 'ang- ora. &c.

rr HE .Runcorn Examiner, published Friday after- noon. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district, and offers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. rrHE Ifidncs Examiner, published Friday after- noon. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and is rapidly becoming an important centre of industry.

Auction, Education, Wanted, To be Let, On Sale, Legal Public Meeting, Sermon, Lecture, Bazaar, and other Public Notices, Advertisements (except Parliamentary)are inserted in all the above papers at one charge.

Each of the above papers consists of 8 pagi.s. 56 long and wide columns,each column admitting more matter than the columns of any otherlocal paper—a fact deserving the atte n tion of both advertisers and subscribers. Each Examiner, in Addition to giving the local intelligence of the district, in which it circulates, contains the general news of the week. Price of each Paper—ONE PENNY.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

One Charge secures Insertion of the undermentioned Adver tisements in ALL the FIVE EXAMINERS. WANTEDS, 8 6 TO RE LETS, 1 WORDS, D.. ON SALES, } And 3d. for each succeeding 9 words.

One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 Os, Cd. ... is. 3d. 2s. Od. 27 Os. Yd. is. 10d. „, 3s. Od. 36 is. ad. 2s. 6d. 4s. Od. 45 is. 3d. 3s. ld, ~, ss, O. 54 These charges apply only to the classes of advertise- ment specified below, and are strictly confined to those which are ordered for CONSECUTIVE insntion and PAID FOR PREVIOUS TO INSERTION: otherwise they will be charged by the Business scale : APARTMEN'IS WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO I.vT HOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES BUSINESSES FOR DISPOSAL PARTNERSHIPS WANTED BUSINESSES WANTED SITUATIONS WANTED HOUSES TO LET SITUATIONS VACANT Advertisers have thus the opportunity of WIDE PUBLICITY AT A CHEAP RATE. Advertisements received at any of the District Offices, or may be sent to the Chief Office, Warrington. Stamps received for amounts under ss.

PRINTING! PRINTING !

THE WARRINGTON " EXAMINER,"

IRISAAITTBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS Guaranteed all Pure Flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/. per dozen.

IRISH LINEN COLLARS.

Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars' 5/6 per dozen; made special to pattern, 6f6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9,4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS.

2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 4-Id. per yd. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SURPLICE LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen.

IRISH DRESS LINENS FOR SUMMER AND EVENING WEAR. IRISH TWEED all Pure Wool. Unsurpassed for Strength, Durability, 5 and Style. Please say if for Ladies' or Gents' Wear.

PATTERNS FREE BY RETURN OF POST.

TO 14 MIES !

THE GREAT INDIAN FEMALE MEDICINE, was dis- covered by a married Lady during her travels in the Far East, who has never known it to tail in removing the worst aa:ses of Irregularity or Obstruction in two boors, even after all other remedies fail, nothing can possibly resist the action of this extraordinary preparation, which is almost instantane- ous in its effect. Ladies will avoid much expense, illness, Worry,and cruel bitter disappointment by having this remedy at once. Sent se mre from observation for 4s. 6d.—Mrs, 13<ut RINGTON, 4, Featherstone-buildings. London. W.C.

_ PI To RIA L The Pictorial Tutor being published at Net Price, it cannot be obtained of JA NOF 0 RTE Descriptive Prospectus sent Post Free on application pto " Magazine of Music." Office. The most re- markaOble &Rchleapest book ever published. The 5/ NET, . POST 250 PAGES (Full Music Size). Contains yo Illustrations and over 250 Songs. Dances, Carols, Anthems any book or music seller under 5s 20. Ludgate Hill. London, MC. Pianoforte simplified. FREE and Hymn Tunes.

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
GENERAL PRINTING DEPARTMENT

Has an established reputation for giving Careful and Prompt Attention to the wants of all Customers: and its facilities for the production of Good Work of every kind—from the smallest typographic trifle to the biggest mural " Mammoth " are available to the public, at prices which are strictly moaerate. Careless, inartistic, and slovenly printing is the bane of business men. They find it doesn't pay to have it—even at " the lowest tender."

JOHN WALKER AND CO.

UNDERTIKE

PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS, PRINTING FOR LOCAL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIANS, PRINTING FOR PUBLIC COMPANIES, PRINTING FOR SCHOOL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR CHURCHES, PRINTING FOR CHAPELS, PRINTING FOR MERCHANTS, PRINTING FOR LOAN OFFICES, PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES, PRINTING FOR MANUFACTURERS, PRINTING FOR SOLICITORS, PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS, PRINTING FOR BANKS, PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS, PRINTING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES, PRINTING FOR BUILDING SOCIETIES.

PRINTING FOR CRICKET CLUBS, PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN, PRINTING FOR ALL.

Auctioneers' Sale Bills, Catalogues, Conditions of Sale Circulars, Pamphlets, Price Lists, Programmes for Concerts, Soirees, Balls, Ac.; Rules for Friendly, Building, and Co-operative Societies; Citicket Club Ryes, Time Sheets and Books, Note Headings, Memorandums,Work Notes, Bill Heads Business, Visiting, and Mourning Cards. Handbills, Ac.

Solicitors, Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and others requiring Printing of any description, are requested to give a trial.

pLACARDS ANY SIZE OR COLOUR. THE " LEVIATHAN " PLACARD Single Skeet, sft. 3in. by 31t. 91n. THE LARGEST IN' THE DISTRICT. A afONSTRE PLACARD may be formed by joining a number of the LEVIATHAN" SHEETS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. A SPECIALTY. MAMMOTH POSTERS. LARGE TYPE MAMMOTH POSTERS. FOB MAMMOTH POSTERS. THE MOST STRIKING MAMMOTH POSTERS. POSTER MAMMOTH POSTERS. Produced in the Count MAMMOTH POSTERS.

pAINST AK IN G PRINTERS are now-a-days sought for by busimess men who study real economy in announcements which they wish the public to notice; as well as by Friendly Societies, Trade Unions, Trading Associations and Companies, in the careful production of Reports, Balance Sheets &c. ; and by Musical Unions, Pastors, and, Choir Conductors, for neatly and tastefully arranged PROGRAMMES, BOOKS OF WORDS, WINDOW BILLS, PLACARDS, &c.

THE " EXANIINER " WORKS, BEWSEY-STREET. PROGRAMMES FOR BAZAARS. ' PROGRAMMES FOR SALES OF WORK. PROGRAMMES FOR BALLS. PROGRAMMES FOR CON VERSAZIONES PROGRAMMES FOR SOIREES. PROGRAMMES FOR CONCERTS. PROGRAMMES FOR FETES, Szc.

GENERAL PRINTING OF. EVERY DESCRIPTION Executed with Neatness and Despatch.

SPECIALITY: ENVELOPES FROM 2S. PER 1,000•

BOOKBINDING!

ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALA, KINDS OF BOOKBINDING, ACCOUNT BOOKS, RULED, PRINTED, AND BOUND IN ANY STYLE.

JOHN WALKER, s AND CO., THE

"EXAMINER sTEA.n PRINTING WORKS

rE7SEY STEEET, W1E11.1.7,a10N

IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN

LADIES! DR. LIDINGTON'S NEW MEDICAL DISCOVERY for married or single women is positively the safest and m)st successful method known for removing all Irregularities and Obstructions no matter how caused ror long slaading, no nauseous pills, powders. mixtures or any oth tr useless stomach medicine to take. Failure impossible unCer this treatment. Sufferers may obtain particulars tree a: charge by sending stamped addressed envelope to D:. LILINGTIN, 1,46 auuttempton Buildings, Holborn, Lonclon,

===== 0002601_18941013_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
rsEEwA 4 PILLS, '

YOB ALL

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS,

SUCH AS SICI.c HEADACHE, CONSTIPATION,

===== 0002601_18941013_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
WEAK STOMACH

IMPAIRED DIGESTION

DISORDERED LIVER

and FEMALE AILMENTS.

ANNUAL SALE, SIX MILLION BOXES.

ia Boxes, 90., is. 1,1(1., and 2s. 9,L each, with fall directions. The is. id. Box ec_ '-ains 66 Pills.

PREPARED ONLY BY TUE PROPRIETOR-

THOMAS BEEC4AM, St. lielens, Lancashire.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
BEECHAM'S TOOTH PASTE

EFFICACIOUS—ECONOMICAL-- CLEANSES THE TEETH—PERFUMES THE BREATH. In Collapsible Tubes, of all Druggiste, or from the Proprietors, for is., post-paid.

ti ADA3I E FRAIN'S FAMOUS FEMALE MIXTURE. The most powerful and effective on earth. For the most obstinate cases. Will not injure the most delicate. Price 7s 6d (Strongest lls bottle). Post tree Ed extra. HERBAL INSTITUTE, IA, HACKNEY-ROAD, (facing Shoreditch Church), I ONDON, N.E. Send at once stamped directed envelope for rarticulars and proofs. I will forfeit £lOO for every testimonial that is not genuine, and they can be seen at any time.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
AMERICAN PRESCRIPTION

CREAT

rrWENTY YEARS' RESEARCH has broin:ht to lighta guaranteed Remedy for NERVOUS DEBILITY, the Errors of Youth, Lost Manhood, Weakness, Dimness of Sight,Bladder, Gravel, Ridney, and Liver complaints. This Prescription is in the .hands of a Minister who will befriend anyone suffering from these enervating diseases. It has CURED THOUSANDS. Merely send self-addressed stamped envelope to the Rev. David Jones, Pay Villa, Lewes, when the prescrip- tion will be sent FREE OF CHARGE. Name this Paper.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES,

THIS IS FOR YOU TO READ. THE most WONDERFUL REMEDY in the, 1 WORLD for all IRREGULARITIES and OBSTRUC- TIONS, however obstinate. SUCCESS CERTAIN— FAILURE IMPOSSIBLE. This is a genuine and TRUST- WORTHY SPECIALITY. The most E FFECI UAL remedy in the WORLD. IMPORT ANT Particulars on receipt of stamped addressed envelope. W. B. DUPREZ, 2.5. St. PAUL'S ROAD, ISLINGTON, LONDON. EXCELS ALL OTHERS; NOTHING CAN RESIST IT; A GOLDEN REMEDY FOR

LADIES.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
FRANCIS MORTON

AND COMPANY, LIMITED,

LIVERPOOL. Invite Inquiries and Reference to tlieir

===== 0002601_18941013_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW CATALOGUE.

FENCING

AND GATE DEPARTMENT. . F. M. & Co.'s well-known System of STRAINED CABLE 8c IRON FENCES now in use over some Thousands of Miles at Home and Abroad, is being continually Improved upon to meet extended requirements, and complete informa- tion is supplied on application.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILINGS

FOR PARK ENCLOSURES, PRIVATE GROUBS, PUBLIC SITUATIONS, DOG KENNELS, b.

ORNAMENTAL HIGH-CLASS

===== 0002601_18941013_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
GATES,

TO NEW AND ORIGINAL DESIGNS, For Parks, Ma!pions, Villas &c.

STRONG FIELD GATES,

FOR FARMS, ORCHARDS, &c.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
HURDLES I NETTING

TREE GUARDS. WIRE WORK.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
C 01%.71" I ATILT C:)T-T ES

BAR IRON FENCING,

Fitted with F. R. & Co's Self-Looking Josue.

LONDON OFFICE : 17, VICTORIA ST., Westr

SAVE A DOCTOR'S PEW ADVICE TO LADIES (FREE). ALADY SPECIALIST (qualified) many years attached to a Fem-de Hospital, ie enabled to POSI- TIVELY GUARANTEE the DESIRED RESULT in a few hours, no matter how long standing the IRREGULARITY may be, and even when everything else has failed. Write at once, enclosing stamped addressed envelope, to SPECIALIST 295, STRAND, W.C.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
Kayo's

_ ,' • BEST , 11 P ' sdeLL s t '- - - FAMILY MEDICINE. RMS.

They Purify the Ilload, and as a Mild but effectual Aperient are unequalled, and be- yond this they brace up the nerves and set every organ in healthy action, thus ensur- ing complete restoration to perfect health. They are A CE2TAIN CURE for INDIGESTION, CONSTIPATION, BILIOUSNESS, HEADACHE, DYSPEPSIA, LIVLE, AND EIDNEY COLIPLAINTS. FOIL LADIES OP ALL AGES TECEY LEE INVALUABLE. Of. all C)tS, I,'lts 2/0, and 416 Per bum.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TlAitl TABLE

OCTOBER. FROM WARRINGTON TO Adon Bridge-7 10, 7 35, 8 28, 10 45,1 2, 2 35, 5 15, 35 '728. Sundays 10 15 a.m. Altear and Hillhouse-7 12, 8 37, all 15,114.a315.a 40, a 635 eunlays 9 40, 25, 8 50. a Stops if require. Birmingham (L & N.-54.)*30,a3 23, 7 10,9 50. 12 0, 1 50,3 58, 5 15, 6 30, 7 28, 11 35. Sundays 30. 10 15, 4 2C, 11 35. a Mon- days only. *Mondays except:ed. Birmingham (Mi1la11d)-6 14. 9 32, 11 55, 12 55, 3 20, 5 0, 55, 11 52. Sundays 11 45, 4 25,5 15 p.m. Blackburo-2 40, 5 20, 5 45, 8 35, 9 55, 11 40, 1235, 2 25,3 48, 6 14.8 47. Sundays 8 43. 6 0. Plackp)ol--5 20, 5 45, 8 35, 9 55, 10 0. 11 40, 12 35,1 30, 2 25, 3 48, 6 14, 7 17, 8 47. 102. Sundays 2 40, 8 43. 60. 8c,1t0„5 45, 8 25, 10 0.10 40.3 20, 3 43, 6 25, 8 11, 9 18. Sundays 740 a.m., 5 20. 7 47 p.m. CarliBle-2 40, 5 20, 5 45, 9 55. 10 0, 11 40, 2 40, 3 48. Sun- days 2 40,3 35. Chester-* 7 42, 95. 10 23, 127, 1215, 1 40, 1 62. 3 'l7, 422. 5 11,6 4, 7 42, 10 14, 11 32. Sundays 8 44, 7 45,11 7,2. Collins Green-7 10, 8 20, 10 5, 12 7, 12 35, 3 30, 3 °:.B, 55, 6 20. 78, 9 15, 10 20. Sundays 8 43, 60. Crewe-x.3 0,b3 23, 7 10, 7 35. 523, 9 50, 10 45, 12 0, 1 50, 235. 31:. 5 15, 723. 3 26, 11 35. Sundays 30, 10 15, 4 23, 11 35, aMondays excepted. bMondays only. Daresbory-7 42, 9S. 12 15, 1 52. 3 17, 5 IL 6 4, 7 42, 10 14, Sundays 844. 7 45 p.m. Derby (Slidland)-6 14, 9 59, 11 55, 12 .55, 3 20, 5 0, 11 53. Sundays 11 45 a.m., 425 p.m. Barlestoa n-5 45, 710, 8 25, 835, 10 43, 12 35. 1 15, 3 48, 5 35, 5 45, 78, 910, 1010, 1020. Sundays,7 40, 835 S 43, 60. 7 47, 9 45. *Satairdays only. • Edinburgh-2 40, 5 20. 9 55, 11 40, 1235. 2 25, 348. 10 15, Sundays 2 40 a.m. 9 45 p.m. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh -7 38, 8 25, 10 0, 11 48, 2 5, 5 20. 512, 6 17, 80, 943. Sundays 8 48, 2 40. 7 50. Frolsham-7 42, 9 5, 10 23, 12 15.1 52, 3 17. 4 22, 5 11, 64 7 42, 10 14. Sundays 844 a.m.. 745 p.m. Garstont(Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 7 55, 831, 95, 10 46., 120 15,25. 40, 5 29, 610. b 7 0, 80. c 9 30, dlO )5, 11 39 Sun, days 90. 9 55, 11 25, 2 32, 75, 9 18, 10 15. dSaturdays only. &Runs 5 minutes later on Saturdays. cSaturdays ex- cepted. Glasgow-2 40, 520. 9 55, 11 40, 12 35. 2 40, 3 48, 10 2. Sundays 2 40, 9 45. Golborne-5 45, 7 10, 8 35, 1040, 12 35, 1 15* *Saturdays ' only. 3 48, 5 35. 7V,915 10 10. Sundays 3 43.90. Hough Green-7 12,7 56.8 31,9 5,a9 30,10 40,12 0,1 5, 2 5,4 0, 6 29, 6 10, 633. b 7 0.8 0, 8 37, c 9 30, alo 15. Sundays 9 0,11 25, 2 32, 918. aMondays and Saturdays only. balms 5 minutes 1-+ar on Saturdays. cSaturdays excepted. sd. Cadishead (Central)- 70, 7 55, 8 21, 70, 10 5. f5,-- - - 12. 3 17, 5 15, 7 18, 9 28. Irlam :5_ - Qtation-6 50, 7 22. 8 0, 9 0, 9 53, IR citt” 8 54, Jv .... thhiga-rretn, Arin„ _ - 6 13, 78, a 7 45, 9 13. tO , , 12 36; 1165 gg, '4 11, 0 In, -. I Snrldayls 8 50., 3 8, 8 16, 53.5tUrtlays ois-1.t15 , tiVerposl (L. t tt.,-W.)=-•;5 26. ,S fiil, a 15, la 5, 121;1 55,6207 8, 10 20. Suniays 523, 6 35, 3 43, 3 28. 4 66, 6 0, t 45. FrOta2 Iligh Level Platform: , Liverpdol (Frort. Low Level PlattOrni)-7 38, 825.1) 0,10 14, 11 48, 25, 3 20, 5 12, 6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 7 50, Liverpool (Cheshire Llnes)-54 29', 5 30, 7 12, 7 56§ 8 3t , 850, 95, 9 50, 10. 213, 10 24, 1035, 10 56, 11 50, 12 0,4. A O,IA 57, 115, 150, 25. 2 50, 332. a 50, 40. 4 50, e t 9, 550, 610, 618, 6 50,7 0,1 56, 8 0, 3 50,9 6, 9 13, 16 10,10 45, alllo, 11 18, Sundays 4 30, 5 30. 90, 9 55. 11 25, 2 20, 232, 75. 8 30, 939„ 'lOl5, 1.0 33. aßxcept Mondays. London (L. IS fi:-W.)--it:3 0,63 23, 7 10, 9 50, 10 45, 12 0, 1 48, 150. 3 58, 5 15, 6 10, 11 35. Sundays 30, 10 15, 420, 11 35. isMon.days e*cepted, b Meudays only. London (IditEland)-6 14, 9 59, 1139, 12 55, 3 20, 50. 11 53. ettsclays 11 '45 a.m., 425 p.m. Lyrnss.-6 20, 7 22, 30, 9 0, 9 58, 10 49, 12 36,1 16,2 38, 4 11, 5 18. 6 13, 78, a 7 45, 9 13. Sunda.ys 850, 38, 8 12. •a,Sastut days only. From Arpley Station. Manchester (1.. & N.-W.)-2 45, 8 25,9 19, 10 40, 12 14, 20, 17, 96. IJ'' Sunclays 245 a.m., 50, 60, 1 47, aMoadays only. From High Level Platform. Idanchester (From Bank Quay Low Level Platform)-*6 20, 1 20,7 55.851.9 55.11046, 1 14, 2 35, 4 9, 6 10, 7 5, 9 10. 11 40. Sundays 6 46, 35, 8 15, 11 40-. *Frorn Arpley Station. ' Manckester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 7 55, 8 21, 8 55. 90, !355. 1125. 1158. 1255. 153. 2)5. 355, 4 55, 5 55, 655, 70, 7 55, 8 12. 8 55, 9 55. al) -3,105. all 10.1150. Sundays 8 56,9 37, 10 12, 35, 317. 515. 713. 8 55, a 22, 9 28, 9 55. aSteardays only. Middlewlcl-7 35, 10 45. 2 35, 5 35, 7 28. Moore-7 35, 150.2 35, 535. 7 28. Stutaays 10 15 a.m. Newton-le-Wiilows--2 6,5, 5 45, 7 10, 8 35. 9 19, 10 0, 1040, 1214, 12 35, 3 20, 3 43, 4 21, 5 35, 5' 25, 717, 811,918, 10 10,10 20. Sondays 2 45. 740.643,335,50,60,747.858, 945. Pa3gate--7 11, 7 55., 821, 10 27, 3227. 2 17, 528, 7 0, 8 30, 1108. Sundays 856 10 12, 3 50., 515. 923. Preston-'24o' 5 20, 5 45, Bn, 9 55, 10 0, 11 40, 12,35, :2 25, 3 48,6 14, 7V, 347, 102. Sundays 240, 8 43, 3 35, 6 0, 9 45. Runcors.-47 38, 8,25, 100, 11 43, 25. 320. 5 12, 6 17, 80 Sankey (for Penketh)-7 55, 9 5, 105. 10 46. 110,12 0,1 5, 25, 2 58,4 0,.5 29, 6 10. 70,8 0, a 3 30, blO 15,10 45. Sun- days 90, 1125, 2 32, 9 13. aSaturdays excepted. bSatur days only. (C.L.O .5 Sheffield((Midland) via Ohinley and Dore Line (commenced Juoe 25?-845. 10 55,12 27, i 55- 46, 6 55. Sundays 5 5 p.m, St. Helens-5 25, 710, 823, 835, 105. 127, 1235. 330 65, 6 20, 1 -8, 9 15, 10 20. Sundays 8 35, 8 43, 60, 9 45. Southport (Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 8 37, a 9 30, 11 15, 114. 318. 40. 53, 6 55, 910. Sundays 9 40, 25, 8 50, aSaturdays only. Thelwall-6 20, 7 22,8 0, 9 0, 9 58, 10 49,12 36,1 16.2 38,4 11, 518, 613. 78. a 7 45,9 13. Sundays, 8 50, 38, 818. a Satur- days poly. From Axpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Lines) -7 56. 9 5, 10 5, 11 0. 120. 1 5, 25, 2 58, 40. 5 29, 6 10, 70, 560. 910. 39 30, blO 15. Sun- days 90. 9 40, 2 32, 9 18, aSaturdays excepted. bSaturdays only. Widnes (L. and N..-W-) -7 33, 325. 10 0, 1014, 11 43, 25, 320, 5 12, 6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays. 8 48, 2 40, 7 50. Wigan-2 40, 5 23.5 45, 7 10, 3 35, 9 55, 11 40, 12 35, 1 15. 1 30,225. 348, 5 35, 6 14. 8 47. 10 2. Sundays 2 40, 8 43, 3 35, 6 0, 9 45 ---_. .

TO WARRINGTON FROM Acton Bridge-6 53, 7 45.8 52, 11 43, 37, 436, 6 44, 829 Sundays 7 53, 4 32. Aitcar and 11111h0u3e-9 14, 1 16. 7 18, 8 24, 9 49. Sundays 920, 2 26, 8 22. Birtningham (L. & N .-W .)--3 10, 60, 7 20, 90, 11 30, 12 15, 340, 5 50, 7 25, 11 15. Sundays 3 10, 12 15, 70. Birmingham (lisiland)-6 5, 8 50, 11 30, 1 23, 2 40, 5 45 6 45. 1)10 30, 11 19. it:lllldays 4 30, a.m., 40. 11 19. bSxcep Mondays. Blackburn-8 30, 850, 10 55,12 45, 24, 3 15, 6 30, 755, 10 15. Sundays 8 0, 5 40, Black Pool (Talbot Road)-8 12, 8 45. 9 55, 105. 11 40.1 20, 220,3 15, 5 15,7 10, 8 35, 100. Sundays 7 40. 1 35, 5 15, 8 40. Blackpool (Central)-8 0, 8 27, 8 55, 9 55, 10 10, 20. 2 50, 4 45, 6 55, 8 15. Sundays 7 10, 1 20, 4 55, 8 50. Balton-5 45, 8 0, 9 15. 10 35, 12 35, 2 20, 4 15, 513. 5 55, 8 30. Sundays 6 10. 920 p.m.. Carlisle-12 5, 6 50. 8 40, 930, 1251, 143, 422, 5 33, 8 41. Sundays 12 5 a.m.. 8 41. 12 10 p.m. Chester-2 0,? 25, 8 45, 9 40, 1012, 11 5, 11 40, 1 25, 2 10, 250, 3 45, 530. 6 35.7 35, 8 35, Sundays 20. 6 30, a.m., 6 50 p.m.. Collins Steen-6 39, 7 16. 8 42. 10 9. 12 36, 14, 1 43, 2 10, 3 10,5 28, 6 23, 7 47, 9 16. 10 46. SundAys 8 IC,. 713.. Crewe-2 3, 4 42,6 0. 8 13. 9 20, 115, 11 10, 1 50, 2 35, 5 40, 65, i, 9 20. Sundays 23, 4 42, 7 10, 2 43, 40, 9 12. Daresbury-3 16, 10 17. 11 43, 2 47, 5 42, 8 13. Sundays 121, 7 37 p.m. Derby-8 15, 1020. 1 10. 35. 350, 4 45, 70, 83, a 1235, 3 33. Sundays 7 30, 6 18, 6 50, 3 33. aExcept Mondays. Earlestown-6 55, 7 30, 8 42, 924 109. ii 23, 1152. 12 45, 1 6, 1 33, 3 20, 58, 5 20. 5 53, 6 30, 833, 912, 120. Suudsys 8 34, 9 52, 10 3, 4 0, 7 18. 7 23. Edinburgh-10 20, 20.6 0. 9 10. Sunda.vs 60, 9 10. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7. 12, 95.9 43, 12 24, 2 17, 3 27 67,6 2. 654, 8 57. Sundays 8-32. 257 87. Frodsham-7 55, 93, 102, 1127, 232, 47, 5 27, 6 57. 757 Sundays 6 59. 7 16 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-5 54, 627,7 50. 90, 9 E.O. 10 48, 12 5, 11. 2 13, 420, 4 56. 53, 5 56, 657. 93, 11 21. Sun- days 8 23.9 10, 2 40, 3 17, 4 42, 6 51, 841. Glasgow-1010, 20, 555, 95. Sundays 550. 95. Golborne-6 44, 8 26. 10 22. 12 28, 231, 535, 820, 91 10 42. Sundays 9 40, 75. Hough Green-640, 83. 8 25,9 10, 1) 3, 1 14, 1 51, 2 24, 455 6 15, 526 7,3, 7 11.9 18, 11 35. Sundays 37, 19 20, 3 31, 430

8. Irlam and Cadishead (Central)-6 53. 7 33, 9 56, 12 55,5 4, 8 52, 11 20. Sundays 10 59, 6 50, 3 35. 100. Latchford-8 13. 8 40. 932 10 6. 11 17, 120. al 45. 2 13, 30.4 22, 5541. 6 7, 6 49, 749, 942, 1127. Sundays 833, 2 33, 7 33. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. , Liverpool (Ina Earlestown)-02 65. 60, 80, 9 20, 11 50, 130, 30, 430,535,75. 835. 105, *lll5. Sundays 730, 6 3,1, 8 40. aMondays only. *Sat.urdays oulv. Via Widnes-6 25,8 20, 95, 9 55, 12 20, 130, 2 40,3 35,4 2), 6 20, 810, 1045. Sundays 7 45, 210 720, 10 45. Liverpool (Central)-5 45, 6 10,7 30, 8 30, 8 40, 8 43, 9 30, 9 35, 9 38. 10 30,1120. 1130. 1155. 12 30, 12 40, 1 30, 1 50, 20 2 3, 3 40, 4 30, 4 40, 4 5), 5 30, 5 36, 6 30, 6 35. 7 30, 8 0, 8 30, 8 40:9 30, al() 45. 11 0, 11 30. Sundays 30, 9 0, 2 30. 2 56, 4 20, 6 30, 8 30, 9 30. &Mondays and Saturthys only. London (L. & N.-W.)-5 15, 60, 7 15, 10 10, 2 10. 2 15, 4 10, 5 30,10 0, 120. Sundays 10 Cs 9.m.. 50, 100. 12 0. London (Midland)-5 15, 10 5. 1. 0, 23. 40,50, a 9 15, 12 0. Sundays 3 15, 12 0. a except Mondays Lynam-8 5, 8 32, 9 23, 9 58, 11 9, 1 11, e 137, 25. 2 50, 4 14, 55 33, 5 5.c; 6 41,7 41, 9 33, 11 19. Sundays 825, 225 7 25. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Manchester (L. SG N.-W.)-6 0, 7 0, 85, 9 40, 11 25, 1 5, 235. 35, 425, 5 10, 75, 9 20, 10 40. Sundays 30,60. 10 40.

ir;in-Eichange. Manchester (Lonclon-read)-7 15. 750, 9 25. 10 35, 12 35, 15.20. 340, b 55. 5 20, 6 5. 7 5, 8 55, 1045. Sundays 7 40, 1 40, 6 40. bSaturdays excepted. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-5 48, 7 20, 8 30, a 9 5, 9 30, 9 35, 9 55,10 30, 1945. 11 30. 1230. 12 45, 1 30, 230. 3 30, 4 39, 4 47, 5 30, 6 10, 6 30, 7 30, 8 30. 8 33, 9 50, alo 50, 110. Sun- days 8 30, 9 15, 9 30. 10 40, 1 40. 2 0. 2 5, 6 30, 8 15, 9 40. aMon- days and Saturdays only. Middlevi-ich-6 58, 11 37. 2 42, 6 1. Moore-7 0,9 6, 11 55, 3 20, 4 50, 657. SiindaYs 8 15,4 48. Newton-le-Willows.-6 47, 655 7 30. 8 42, 924, 10 9. 11 23, 11 52, 12 45. 16 cl 28, 1 30, 34,4 7. 55. 5 4g, 627, 730. 835.99. 9 55, 11 8. Sundays 830. 9 19. 10 10, 35.5, 715, 7 20, 11 5. cSaturdays only. Padgate-7 51, 8 26, 10 9, 19. 5 17, 9 16. Sundays 8 53, 11 20. 9 12. Preston a 2 11, 52 36. 5 50, 95. 9 39, 11 15,11 28, 1 0, 3 12, 425. 6 45,c7 40.7 59,9 35.10 47. Sundays 2 11, 8 35, 3 15,6 10, 1047. b 2 36. aMondays excepted. bMonday mornings only. cSs.turdays and Mondays only. Runcorn-8 39, 9 19, 10 23, 12 2, 1 30, 2 56, 4 40, 5 40, 6 29, 7 56. Sankey (for Penketh)-6 51, 8 14 8 41. 927. 10 19, 11 24. 12 36,1 38.2 40. 3 44. 5 21, 5 40, 6 22, 7 26, 9 34. Sundays 8 49, 3 43, 5 7, 9 8. (C.L.C.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line (commenced Jane 25)-11 0, 20, 4 55.6 5:. Sundays 8 15. St. Helens-6 25, 70. 828. 9 18, 955,11 15.125. 12 50, 1 30, 1 55, 2 55, 4 45, 5 15, 610, 720. 90. le SO, *ll2O. Sutiday-s 7 40, 9 35, 6 55, 95. *Saturdays only. Southport (Lord Street) -8 10, 9 0, 10 20. 11 25, 10. 2 15, 2 50, 3 55, 70,85,a9 0, 9 30. Sundays 90,25, 8 0. aSatui- days only. Thelwall-8 9, 8 36, 9 28. 102, 11 13, 115. al 41, 29, 2 55, 418, b 537. 63, 645. 745. 9 37.11 23. Sundays 629 2 29, 7 29. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Widnes (L. 11: N.-W.)-7 5, 853, 9 33,10 33, 12 16.12 58,2 10, 3 20, 40. 5 0,5 55, 6 46, 8 50, 11 6. Sundays 824, 2 50. 7 59, 11 6. Widnes (Cheshire Lines)-8 30.9 16. 10 9, 11 12, 12 25. 127. 2 30. 3 35, 4 25. 5 29, 6 12, 7 16. 7 56. 9 25. Sundays 8 42. 3 36. b U. 9 7.9 20. Wigan-2 41, 35. 633, 815. 9 31. 10 10, 11 23, 12 15, 1 28, 3J, 3 38, 4 54 6 10, a 8 5,8 10, 8 52, 1030. Sundays 2 41, 930. 414 6 55. 1113. sliunts from July 14th. to August 27th.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
W.ettero to tbe bttor.

RE OPEN AIR MEETING OF THE INDEPEN- DENT LABOR PARTY. Sir,—Allow me to give a correction oC your af.unt a fortnight ago of the above meeting. In, your report you say the rnecting in the evening which was announced to be held on some spare ground opposite' Messrs. Rylands Bros. works" was abandoned" owing . to" the Wing occupying the ground of zzantage with sufficient strength 1 to prevent the meeting.' ne meeting was not aklan- doned but was removed to.,4iidge Foot owing to the police for some underlying reap phial we do not know and also at some considerable ,t,rowle--having obtained from an official of the above iNrm to whom the land belongs, a written authority Lo disperse any meeting attempted. I may add that a ,'vigorous peeting was held afterwards as perfectly ordirly and quiA as the m9rn- ing's meeting,and we are satisfied with the success which attended our efforts.—Yours sincerely, PQDMORE, jun, Sec. I.L.P.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
62, Bridge-st, Warrington.

WAR. PARISH CHURCH. Bir,—l should like te say a few words on the Parish Church Music Hall or Theatre, but to my mind the name of Theatre is much more appropriate than any other, seeing that the parishioners. of the church came evening week by ticket,and if you were not a member of admitted to the harvest thanksgiving services Sunday the congregatiqn of the church you must g 3 up into the gallery. Where is the principle on which this is based? Is this another fad of our Rector to keep the house of God as strictly private as possible ? Where are ' wardens of theelaarch to permit of such a schetr con carried outT itast not such a thing as this .4è' siderable amount of ill feeling? The collections at the churr' ,r, I:t t or, and an excellent reason. Or po / We? Vei me collections and at the 59' tr leases the people '634iects rood admittance to his churi4.• _.. stew Ynariy vntigt have been the PeoPle who virAdd 'd*c altteivi a'cliutch, a house of God, where tby were ,adtnitttd 'l3* ticket? In :d obow— fact,l wine Come to ttleto'nelusion that we have for our Parisi,. Church a (Antal 'Of Rome, 'and not a church of Ragland, and that cart' riteetor is no longer a priest of rthe;Churetrof Ettglattti, but a priest of the Church of 'Rome. Pardon 'me, Sir, if I have taken up too much of your valuable columns, but to my mind this is a very serious matter, and one that ought not to be allowed to pass, or blow over quietly.—l am, yours faithfully, A MEMBER OF THE TRUE CHURCH OF ENGLAND.

Warrington, October 10th, 1894.

THE ELECTIONS AT EARLESTOWN. Sir,—As the time draws near when our Parish Counci will have to be elected, we are unexpectedly favoured with quite a plethora of candidates for the honour of representing us, and it is suggested by way of thinning them to apply a test question. One proposed 4with all due gravity is the old open question of the common lands. It is affirmed that the uneu- closed land forming part of the Newton Com- mon belongs by right to the inhabitants of this parish, and it may assist these candidates, who mostly are new men, if i state the circumstances of the case as nearly as is at present known. During the last dozen or score of years some hundred houses have been built at the bottom of the Common near the Race Course and the highway. which was for- merly part of the Bolton Trust. This road was handed over to the Newton Improvement Commissioners on the expiry of that Trust, and they forthwith set up a couple of stones to mark the exact width of the road of which they were then in possession with the WIIiIIOUS :initials N.I.C. They also passed plan after plan as the afore said houses were built. But when a set of plans for houses on the opposite. and as yet unoccupied side of the road, were presented to them for approval they deferred its consideration and finally left toe would-be builder to wait till the new Council come into office. The question in my mind is this—lid the Lord of the Manor, who is also owner of nearly all the land, grant this person a lease, or was the application merely

tentative. It snay be information to know that as the law stands the Lord of the Manor must in any case take all below, even if the inhabitants could make good their claim to what appears on the surface of this not inconsiderable piece of ground. And that he is Lord of the Manor is a fact notto be controverted, for as long as Newton Fair lasted under the old regime the fact was dinned into our ears. Remembering then that there are only two free- holders in the parisn besides the Dean School Trust, which is a corporete bodrunder Government control, and that all the other freeholders have been brought out by the predecessors in title of the Lord of the Manor during the last 300 years, before which time this family had no possession this side the Sankey Brook, the question then is, " Whom doee the remainder of the land go to? If to the inhabitants, then to what inhabit- ants ? for if I mistake not the ancient parish was the palish of Winwick which extended from the Alt (near Altcar) to the Glaz,,some few miles beyond Warrington." " Did not I call thee to curse and lo.tliou hest altogether blessed mine enemy." Which were the more assinine performance, to go to law without money or without knowledge? As regards the Dean Sehool Trust, this property which is in.lands on the opposite side of the race course was exchanged by a former Lord of the Manor in order to consolidate his estate near the Dean Dam, and whatever' his rights in that direction then were, they were recog- nized by the Legislature and there is no getting beyond them; moreover the arrangement is highly profitable to the inhabitants of this same parish et Nee t m—and even more so since the re-settlement which took place. some years ago, and which in a humble way I had some- thing to do with; and what makes me remember it so well was that I had along with another.now deceased, the pleasure of paying my own law expenses, and in due time was quite forgotten by this highly appreciative, and generous public:, as 'a penalty for interfering with their honour's pleasure. Tnis was a fact not a fiction. But as regards this piece of land in question of which the very authorities seem to be in utter darkness—who gave leatte ts dig that great pit in it which in imagina- tion some see transformed into a beautiful artificial lake —and what became of the clay or bricks? Let us also imagine that they were built into the Nine Arches which we see close by and remember that the Lord of the Manor of toe date when that was built was very much ahead of some of his neighbours and exercised these acts of owner- ship with a purpose. I hear some one say covertly, " What does he know about such a matter ?" Only this. I was present on Lindrick Common when the people of Sheffield contested the right to enclose it, and followed Sir William Lena, as speaker on that occasion, and advised them to stick to any rights they might have in the Common. But as it turned out every freeholder had been brought out and there waa no landholder to propitiate, so the lawless, nameless men counted for nothing. But if the people think they can make good this contention, then I can only repeat, try it, bat Tam not aware that the law has been yet altered to give mere leaseholders any rights, for this falls tar short of a freehold. Sir William Leng said no, no, to what I said, but quietly let the whole matter slide after making us quite a holiday and picnic on the Common, which very much reminded me of Newton Common, and of which I did not fail to tell them. This will be very unpalatable, and make some people pull wry faces, but facts must be faced by public men aspiring to lead others. But enough; we want plenty of workingmen on our councils, but not merely workingmen, they must be men of equal capacity with others and not the naere.echo of their social superiors, not ot the mere builder man- kind who may or may not be as substantial as his new cast-iron brick built houses. And the questions are still the old ones of peace between rival factions, retrench- ment and ieform,none of which have as yet been mooted —the candidates being so busy with their own personal advancement that they have not as yet had time to tell us why we should prefer them to the "old gang." Where we shall end I can scarely see; for some have been asked to stand who are on no list whatever, but as the Act says anyone can stand, the presumption is that anyone will do who is not troubled with bashfulness, or who has a good opinion of his own merits. Most fortun- ately this approaching election is by ballot, and the people are gradually learning how to use it. Nor are we tied down to anyone's nominees. Divide and conquer is still a good motto and if that will not do in all cases then we must sacrifice a few votes and plump for the best men.—Yours faithfully, Crow-lane, Newton-le-Willows.

P. M. CAMPBELL.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0115.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
47, $k

===== 0002601_18941013_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
THE' 'EXANINtAiI, I,kTURDAY OCTOBER 13, 1894,

YAOTES ON. GAMES AND

),.THLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBiLi. The two vie.ims whose scalps have in claimed in successive wr ;eks by the greedy "Owaa,mers," met to- gether at V', arrington to decide which of them was the better cf he other. The doughty Rangers of Broughton appeareil to get over their Oldham beating pretty easily \for the following week—the week cf Warrington's visit to Oldhar n—they gave the St. Helens team a good beating, which. came as a very unpleasant surprise to the Sainte, who -rather fancied themselves as the coming champions. Consequently when the Rangers stepped into the Wil- derspool enclosure on Saturday, they rather fancied

themselves. -- -- The Warrington team was considerably altered, and everyone welcomed the re-appearance of Boscow. They all hoped that he would give a good account of himself and prove himself the" surefoot" of old. Nevins was also drafted from forward to three-quarter. Carey had been dropped in favour of Heesom, but as the erstwhile full back could not play, he kept his position. Clark who had been hurt in a practice match was algo obliged to stand down and " Jack " Bate partnered "Smack "as of old. With this team it was expected to i_get an additional two points in the competition.

ale game itself was not a very brilliant exposition of football, it was productive of rather mild excitement. 'Neither team appeared to be able to score no matter how Ilear the line they came. Consequently first one end of the teld would be visited then for a few moments the e,eritre would be the point of operations, then the other ead., fo?..lowed by exactly the same thing in reverse order.

In fact until the last ten minutes of the game, there never as a prolonged attack on either side. The score was made in the middle of the second half, and was at- tributable to the smartness of the two Bates.

Coming to the players, the first place should be given to Joe Boscow, who played as well as he has ever done. Ile had plenty of work to do, and he came out with fly- ing colours. His admirers were delighted with his play, and it is probable that he will become a fixture upon the team. His vis-à-vis Hartley did nothing very brilliant, Nevins and Cunningham were the best three quarterr although Potts tackled well. Carey did not play well. The two Bates worked very well together, r ArIT I have said before it was this which gained the Ad -as try. The forwards were pretty equal till ne , sfilitary when Warrington carried all before them. Air the 'end, played as well throughout the game, th if they had have been a little more decisive. 4 'reset would

tg I•,itbdui

===== 0002601_18941013_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
The following are the results of' date : 'net compot:itft%up to

Ind. '" For. Aklt. Oldham " tfeit'AP. st. Dna. G. T. G. T.At.s Tyldesley Wigan...-. ....... .... :6 .•••• ... 1 ... 0 ... 0 4 ... 3 2 %,., 4 Warringtor 1,. .... '2 ... 0 ... 0 ... 3 3 ... 0 <-0•.„ 14 Bt. He' ••.•••••••.,:••••••... 2 ... 1 ... 0 ... 0 4 ... '6 -6 ... 4 . . ....., 4 ... 1 ... 1 ... 0 ... 3 Z ...2 1 ... 2 - ...askiatta'a Tamer*, 3 ... 1 ... 2 ... 0 ... 3 2 .... 4 4 ... 2 . eliktiffdrd " - - - 3 ... 1 ... 2 ... 0 ... 2 '2 ... -1 -5 4.. 21 Odhdlile ncirets ••• 2 ... 0 ... 2 ... 0 ... 1. (0 ... '2 4.. 0; siiihtbh.•• . 3 ... 0 ... 3 ... 0— I 1 ... 4 t „. I) *Leigh • .... 0 ... 0" . 0 ... 0— V (0 ... 43 0 ... 43 1 * Leigh have befm suspended till the end .of „November for ilprdiessionalism.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
It will be seen that Warrington art still fourth in the list, and:are likely to continuelso or thereabouts to-day.

To-day the team will meet St. Helens at St. Helens. They will have to put their best foot first to come out on the right side, as the Saints inflicted a crushing defeat on Tyldesley last Saturday. Of course this is not very surprising as St. Helens have a special, thirst for the Tyldesley men's gore. Warrington have only one department in which they are really very deficient, and that is the three quarters. If they could only get a strong set, they would give a good account of themselves against any team,

The following is the team which is selected to with- stand the onslaughts of the St. Helens team to-day : full back, J3oscow ; three-quarters, Potts, Heesom, Nevins, and Cunningham ; half-backs, James T. Bate, and John T. Bate; forwards, Fair Turner, Jolley, Thornily,Taylor, Berry, Dakin, Bailey, and Buckley.

I notice that for the trial match for Lancashire County players, known as Whites v. Stripes, which will take place at Manchester on Wednesday, Heesom is reserve for fall-back, and Taylor for forward, This is a long way from being chosen as county pl4ersl but still they are " gettin' on."

The "A" team on Saturday stemmed the tide of losses and draws, which have been, too Irequent with them this season, by defeating Broughton Rangers "A" team on their own graund. The match was an evenly- contested one, and had it not been for the unpleasant- ness caused by the spectators in being too ready to ex- press their biassed opinions on the judgments of the [ touch judge for Warrington,a most pleasant afternoon's ' play would hr ve been witnessed. As it was, hooting and throwing of dirt were indulged in by the spectators' who seemed to dislike seeing their team losing. If such treatment is often accorded to visitors the committee May in future have some difficulty in obtaining fixtures. Lawless was the most successful scorer in the Warring- ton team, his dropped goal proving the winning point in the game. For the homesters Nicholas was the only one to score. To-day the "A" team play on their native heath, when their opponents will be the" A" team from St. Helens, and if the play pf" the Warrington team is equal to last Saturday, they should be able to add a further two" points in their favour in tbo .I,,tague gham- pionship.

A match which was Worth seeing.was thoo.'t gatur- daY between Stockton Heath and St. Mary's . played in a field off Liverpool-road, on Saturday. For Borne time the Stockton Heath players had expressed their intention to wipe the door with the St.-Mary:.s playe,ra, while the latter were filled with a similar amiable desire to do the same with the "heathens." There was consequently a tremendous attenclance—for a junior match—to F which would carry out their intentions. The Stock_ Heath team were generally allowed to have the best chance as they have captured so many ex-Warringtonians but the St. Mary's team worked with a will and while preventing a score being made against them,they by the efforts of Monks got over, and Burton's foot gave a lead of five points. This is a feather in the cap of St. Marv's, for to beat a team which possesses such men as Webster. Barber, Broady, Cross, and Lally is no mean task. Won't there be a 'gate' at the return match? The. Warrington Rangers who with the two teams aboreanentioned, are without doubt the leading junior Rugby club in the town also gained a victory at the expense of Chester College. The victory was however not a very decisive one for it was by the goal kick, the final result being Rangers a goal and a try to two tries.

THE SUB-CAPTAIN of the Warrington Cycling Club.—Mr. TED PICKAVANCE, writes May 28, 1894. rest. Sir,-1 have given your DRINKSTONB BMBROCA.- TION an exhaustire trial and can safely recommend it as a g(s- cl reliable article. A little of it rubt,ed into the muscles ' after a long ride gives- a wonderfully soothing effect ; while 1 for a Sprain I know of nothing better. lam confident that I when its merits are known amongst Cyclists, and Athletes generally it will command a great Sale. Yours truly, E. PICKAVANCE To be obtained only from the Proprietor, HENRY M ASHTON, 63, Sankey-st., (opposite tegh-at.), Warrington.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TOWN HALL GATES.

The work of painting the gates in fro Fit of the Town Hall will be commenced immediately, the contract having been let to Mr. Sylvanus Chandley, Bridge-street.

PROMOTION OF SIR JOHN RIGBY.

The Attornny General (Sir JAin Rigby) has been ap- pointed a Lord Justice of Appel in succession to Lord Davy. The promotlon of the right hon. gentleman causes a vacancy in the representation of Forfarshire. At the last goneral election the figures were—Rigby, 4,943; Barclay (L. 1.7. 4,077.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. CHAMBERLAIN'S PROGRAMME.

Mr. J. Chamberlain, MP., addressing his constituents in Birmingham on Thursday night, said for once he in- tended to leave the Irish qqestion severely alone, especi- ally as the baneful agitation which for so many years disturbed the peace ri the 'country had now spent its force. The interests of Great Britian had been neglected simply because the Government held its life entirely at the mercy of its Irish allies. It was time that the people .of this country devdted themselves to pressing social questions. The most important, he considered, was that of temperance. In the past,attempts had been made rather to punish the publican than to reclaim the drunk- ard. Hn believed that the Local Veto Bill was a had because it really was a bill for restricting local op- tion. It was also an upiust bill, bemuse it proposed to do good by doing evil. by taking away the legal property of the publicans, by destroying their livelihood. It was, further, an unequal and an impracticable bill: On this question of temper- ance he was in entire agreement with Mr. Gladstone. The past policy had been an impospare. The only safe principle on Which they notild act was to take the control of the trade into publc hands and eliminate personal gain from it, btit they must ply the publican a fair price for his property. He referred to old-age pensions, the importance of improving the'home life of the peeple. the influence of trade unions, and the agitation for the eight- hour day. With regard to industrial disputes, he pro. posed that there should he in every great centre an im- partial tribunal nf•arbitration, having the dignity of a. court of law. He was averse from a universal eight- hour day, but thought the expe,iment might be tried in respect of miners and shop assistants. Concluding, he spoke on alien immigration and emplryers' liability.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
RISLEY INDEPENDENT METHODIST CHAPEL. The annual sermons in connection with the above church were preached on Sunday. In the morning there was an address to scholars and friends by the president (Mr. 11. Ezard), and in the afternoon and evening Mr. W. Stafford occupied the pulpit. The services were well attended, and special hymns were sung.

POLITICAL LE4ITURE. Mr. John F. Hill, 8.A., delivered a lecture on Monday night at the Masonic Hall, on "Some lead- ing labour crises in the history of the English people." The chair was occupied by Mr. C. Jackson Holmes. There wag not a very large attendance. The lecture was very inta.esting, and explained very fully the condition of the people in the timos of John Ball, Robert Ket, and the Chartists. At the. conclasion of the lecture a vote af ttii,Patcs was heartily accorded to 01 I.Ntuw, Fxll.llAnoll OF lAN-TEEM SLIDES.• An inieie'Atlrig exhibition of lantern slide's, i‘..o connection with the I.L.P. was held in the Acadei4- street Temperance Hall on Monday night. rIZI e lantern was manipulated by a local member of the Party, and a descriptive lecture was given, rete..eing to the views. There was a very fair attendara at the exhibition, which comm,enced at 8 o'clock 'end lasted an hour and a half. At the close a vote of thanks was accorded the i.ixihibitor. P.S.A. AT THE Y.M.C.A. The Chairman at thi meetingon Sunday at the Y.M.C.A Rooms was J';il., Clegg. An interesting and ' instructive address., wa delivered by Mr. Woods hf Birmingham, on "The Duty of Obedience." Two s solos were renl'Areet by Miss Wheatley in a very pleasing mar ,ner. newly ap, Mr. Barber and Mr. Stewar; (the dytted secretary of Y.M.C.A.) also took part in rocetiug. Mr. F. Hickman was the accom- AMA, There was a good attendance and a Cut nur Aber sot new members were enrolled. WYCLIFFE YOUNlit PEOPLE'S SOCIETY.

" Arbitration instead of War" was the subiect ha admirable paper read by Mr. C. S. Andersoni at the meeting of the Wycliffe Young Pe°l3l ociety oh Monday tvening. The essayist T ;-olnted out the advantages to be gained frora *sae formation of an .''.., a S arbitration board to settle disputes arisinghetween nations without having recourse to the sword. He gave quotations from the speeches of the late Earl of Derby and lir. Gladstone, who had expressed the want of such a board of arbitration. An interesting discussion followed the reading of the paper in which the following took part: Messrs. C. Taylor, It. Wyllie, T. nrown, J. Ball, S. Rowlands, F. Morrall, J. Ilawthorn, and the chairman (Mr. G. Wallingtot). WOOLSTON SCHOOLS. totiSeptember 11th, the children attending the Watelston Schools were examined in scripture by the Diosesan Inspector, and the following is the text of his report:—" The children are in excellent order, and the high standard of religious knowledge prev- iously reached is well maintained. It is a matter of satisfaction to find that in so small a school, where the standards have to be so much grouped, it has been founa practicable to teach an important part of the Prayer Book, besides the usual catechism. All the work of the higher group is of the best, the younger children do well in New Testament and catechism, and more than well in Old Testament. Hymns are very well sung." SUCCESSFUL PUPIL TEACHERS. The result of the examination held last mid- summer for admissioa into training colleges, and for the office of teacher under the articles 50 and 52, code of 1894. has just been issued. The following are the local successes of the female candidates:—Class I.—l.Baylev,Warrington British; M. E. Dinwiddie, Warringtonl3ritish ; E. A. Stone, Warrington British ; M.Swindells, Wycliffe British, Warrington ; L. Wallington, Warrington British Class 11. —R. Price, St. Mary's R.C., Warrington P. R. Kidd, Cockhedge Infants', Warrington; E A Barlow Mount Practising, Warrington; G. Foster Heathside N., Warrington. Class lII.—J. Williams Warrington British; J. Podmore, Cockhedge In fants', Warrington ; L. Booth, Warrington British M. E. Richardson. Hamilton-st. National, Warring- ton.

SHEPHERDRY AT WARRINGTON. On Saturday afternoon, the quarterly meeting o, the Loyal Order of Ancient Shepherds' Warrington district, was held in the Friend in Need Lodge, Crow Inn, Bridge-street. The chair was occupied by Bro. W. ()leave. and he was supported by his deputy, Bro. T. C. Duckworth, Bro. James Parr, Bro. Eckersley, Bro. Bennion, and district secretary,Bro. P. Edgar, and other delegates and lodge representa- tives for the Warrington district. After the read- ing and passing of the quarter's accounts, and other routine business had been disposed of,P.P.C.S. James Lowe presented Bro. James Gresty with a handsome marble timepiece in the name of the district, upon his retiring from the office of Chiet Shepherd which he had held during the year 1893-4 Bro. Lowe in a few well-chosen words made the presentation, and words of encomium were also given by Bros. Box, Eckersley, Weir, Parr, Graham, and Ditcbtield. Bro. Gresty in rising to reply was warmly 'received. He thanked them for the kindly manner in which they had spoken of his services. The time piece with which he had been presented would be treasured by himself and his family very highly. THE " PELICAN " LICENSE TRANSFER. r. Hatton (Messrs. R. Davies and Co.) applied at the Warrington Borough Court, on Monday for the transfer of the license of the " Pelican " -)m John Allen to Fairfield Turner, to whom tern- rary authority was given on the 6th October nn- the present transfer sessions. He said that the magistrates were aware that at the adjourned licensing sessions the renewal of the license was :refused, and an appeal was pending against this de- cision. The transfer of the license until the 10th October would not in any way prejudice the appeal. Provision was made to keep open the licensed pre- mises pending an appeal, and the Inland Revenue authorities would make an order after the 10th inst to carry on the business until the appeal was determined. Mr. Hewitt proved the serving of the necessary notices. The transfer was granted. The license of the Ropemakers' Arms, CrossleY-at., was transferred from Joseph Buckhardt to James Row- linson ; and Joseph Buckhardt was granted the transfer of the beerhouse license lately held by Thomas Broadhurst in Orford-lane. The off-licensed house, 1, Allen-street, was transferred from Mary Grounds to William Allcock. • WORKINGMEN'S GOSPEL TEMPERANCE MISSION. The first concert of the season in connection with the above-named institution was given in the Mis- sion Ball on Saturday evening, the proceeds of .which were in aid of the funds of the mission. Councillor Monks presided. He expressed his hearty approval of temperance, a cause which he believed to be one of the greatest questions and perplexing problems of the present age. It commended itself to the best thought and the efforts of all men who had the welfare of the nation at heart. The mission by those entertainments was doing a good work. Miss Dutton (president.) delivered an address in her able manner, and gave a sketch of the World's Women's Christian Temperance Association. The concert was an excellent one, Mr. J. W. Jowett acting as accompanist. A vote of thanks waspro- posed by Miss Dutton to Councillor Monks and to the artistes for their services. Mr. R. Storey seconded, and the motion was heartily agreed to. The singing of "God save the Queen" ended a suc- cessful concert. On Sunday evening the usual gospel temperance meeting was held, and waa Con- ducted by the Vice-President, Mr. John Drury. Thoughtful and earnest addresses were delivered by the Chairman, and Messrs. J. W. Tanner, J. Rigby, A. Horrocks, and W. Hampaon. GIRLS FRIENDLY SOCIETY.

I N

A meeting in support of this society was convened on Saturday afternoon by Mrs. Lyon, of Appleton Hall, in the Parish Room, Latchford. The Rev. B. B. Prescott presided, and there were also present— Mrs. Lyon, Mrs, Wilbraham, of Alsager; .Nlr. and Mrs. John White, the lion. Mary Cross. Mrs. Jones Parry. the Rev. F. and Mrs. Slater, the Rev. H. and Mrs. Vernon. Mesdames Richard Greensll, Herbert Woods, Massey. Milling, G. Venn, Pearse, Smith, E. Greensll, Harrison, Pierpoint, Williamson, and , Pickmere, the Misses Dodds, Miss Astew, and Miss Fanshaw. Mrs. Wilbraham addressed the meeting in support of the society, and contended that a great responsibility rested upon all women to do some work for the benefit of their fellow creatures. such as this society was designed to carry on. It was the cry of some of their sisters in London that brought the Girls' Friendly Society into existence. That, waP, 19 ye2rs ago. There were half-a-dozen ladies and about as many girls, a few simple rules, and a prayer. Now they had 142,505 members,

For the past quarter o 5 a century there . has been no continuous flow of letters bearing testimony to the truly wonde, ful enrss effected by CLARKE'S WORLD-FAMED pLOOD MIXTUR if,'" the finest Blood Purifier that science and medical skill have brought to light;" Sufferers from Scrofula. Scurvy. Eezema, Bad Legs, Skin and Bioxl Diseases. Pimples, anrl Sores of any kind, are solicited to give it a trial to test its value. Sold everywhere. at 2s. 95 per bottle. Beware of worthless imitations and substitutes.—Acht. (6)

39,856 candidates and 30,626 associates. She could not help thinking that the need for such a society must have been very great, or the numbers would nu have increased so enormously in that space of time. She also referred to the work done among girls who had been sent out from the Workhouse to service, and in conclusion appealed to those present to do whet they could to help on the society.—Votes of thanks to Mrs. Wilbraham for her address and Mrs. Lyon for calling the meeting brought the pro- ceedings to a close. PROMOTION OF A WARRINGTON POLICEMAN. P.C. Loxam, a member of the borough police force, has been appointed secon,l master of the workhouse, Burton-on-Trent. The (Racer has been on the local force since August, 1892 and it -very highly esteemed. lie is one of the most Vgtive members of the Christian Police Associati 4tiCh Las been formed during the past eighteeiTml' wonths. 1.•••• • . P CATE Vllc • I On Sunday, the harvest festival in connection with Christ Chstrelt Pacigate, was continued, when the 'decorations •tiSest at the Thursday evening's service were iethifted. The pulpit was occupied at the 4nornilyt service by the Rev. L. B. Radford, Feoth'id iaMter of the Warrington Grammar School, 'l.`ioisreached from the words, "What mean ye by, this service ?" The words of the anthem were, " He watereth the hills," Master T. Beevers taking the solo. At the evening service the sermon was preached by the Vicar (Rev. J. J. Langham). The anthem was, "Thou shalt show us wonderful things," &c., the treble solo being again taken by Master Tom Beevers in a creditable manner. Special hymns were sung, and the music rendered by the choirfgave great satisfaction. Offertories were taken on behalf of the Padgate Sainday School and Wools- ton Day Schools, and smounted to over £l2. ODDFELLOSHIP AT WARRINGTON. The quarterlts; meeting of the Warrington. T;fstrict of the Inde:o tiloWiManch ester Unity,w I,s a endent Order of Odd. ,a 9 oeiss 011,..,attlray at the Prince of Wales's L''.;4o, Roe Buck Hotel, Briftsesstreet, when a full efeaplement of deputier tilld officers were present, Prov. G. M. hornet tiihy presiding. The meeting decided to send 'tttne representatives to the County Ginference it Ashton-under-Lyne, which will be held OtOatkreclay, Prov. G. M. Thomas Rigby, Prey. D. Nifs Alban Boyle and P. 0. Robert Sumner befiA the deputies appointed as delegates. The tt‘tiv. C. S., Bro. John &mon, being a member of the executive, will also go with them. In conse- quence of premises being taken in Academy-street for offices and meeting rooms, several alterations of rules were necessary, and this being done, the deputies congratulated the officers and the commit- tee on the step they had taken to provide per- manent headquarters for the district. The nomina- tions for officers were then taken, and the meeting was closed in due form. Several of the deputies, accompanied by the Prov. C. S., went to look over the premises taken, and expressed their pleasure that such a likely place had been secured. CROFT FLOWER Snow. A successful flower, fruit and vegetable show was held in connection with the bowling club at the Horse Shoe Inn, on Saturday. The show was open to all, and the entries numbered about 200. The exhibits were nicely staged in Ithe large dining and tea room, and some fine specimens were shown of window plants, dahlias, apples, pears, cabbages. cauliflowers, onions, leeks, potatoes. The judges were Messrs. H. Jackson,of Newton, and J.Norman, of Golhorne, and their decisions gave general satis- faction. The show was visited by a good number of people on Saturday evening and Sunday, and the following officers and committee are to be con- gratulated on their success with their first annual show in aid of the funds of the club, viz.: Mr. G. Brimelow (president), Mr. T.Oakes (vice-president), Mr. I. Maines (treasurer), Mr. W. F. Pennington (secretary), and Messrs. H. Shaw, C. Allen, J. Maines, sen., T. Houghton and J.Taylor (committee), by whom the arrangements were excellently carried out, assisted by Mr. H. Hill. MEETING OF THE WARRINGTON AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHIC SOCIETY. The monthly meeting of the above society was held in the Museum and Library Committee-room on Tuesday night. nere was a fair attendance of members, Mr. H. N. Houghton presiding. On the motion of Mr. H. Pritchard, seconded by Mr. P. Dalton, Mr.D.Harrison was elected a member of the society. The rest of the evening was taken up by Mr. Browne, of the Zenotype Company, who gave a, practical demonstration of the new toning devel- oper now in the market. The Zenotype is a process for reproducting pictures in colours most suitable to their rendering. Mr. Browne has the reputation, according to the professional magazines, of having experimented with chemicals never before dreamt of. His demonstration on Tuesday night was a success in every way. The process is simplicity it- self, so simple, in fact, that, given the required pre- paration, a child might use it. With all its simplicity, however, the effects to be obtained by its use are marvellous, and the rapidity of its action, together with the beautiful results obtained, callea forth the approval and admiration of all present.— At the conclusion of the proceedings Mr. Houghton on behalf of the members, thanked Mr. Browne for his entertaining exhibition. BELLRINGING AT ST. PAUL'S CHURCH. The Liverpool Diocesan Branch of the Lancashire Association of Change Ringers held their monthly meeting at St. Paul's Church, Warrinoton,on Satur- day. The towers represented were Farnworth and Gaston, also the local company, whilst members of the Chester Diocesan Guild from Grappenhall and Daresbury were also present. Ringing commenced shortly after three o'clock with touches of Plain Bob College Single,Kent Treble Bob,and a 720 of Canter- bury Pleasure Minor. At five o'clock the members and friends sat down to an excellent tea, provided by the Rev. 11. V. Pigot,vicar of St. Paul's. Atnongst the friends present were the Rev. R. Greenall isGrappenhall), Rev. A. H. Townsend, Mrs. Pigot, Messrs. Smethurst and Chantry (churchwardens), and Mr. J. J. M. Moore (hon secretary). The busi- ness meeting was afterwards held, the Rev. H. V. Pigot presiding. The Chairman in his remarks,said the first words:be should say were words of welcome to the members of the association and his friends from Grappenhall and Daresbury. Ile was sure that learning change ringing was the work of a lifetime, and as a rule the outside public were not aware of the merit due to ringers in ringing a 'peal. The Rev. R. Greenall said change ringing might be con- sidered first, a scientific amusement; secondly, a means of bringing men together and influencing each other for their mutual benefit: thirdly, as one of the manifold branches of Churdh work, and, in his estimation, worth of respect. Councillor Smet- hurst and Mr. Chantry also addressed the meeting, after which a hearty vote of thanks was passed to the Vicar and churchwardens. WARRINGTON SAVINGS BANK STATISTIC. In the ennual return of Trustee Savings Banks for 1803, full details are given of the affairs of the Warrington Savings Bank, from which it appears that this bank was established in 1818, and that it at the present time is open for the business 17 hours per week on a portion of each week day. The bank has six officers, one unpaid, namely,Joseph Charlton I Parr (treasurer),and five paid officers,whose salaries' and allowances amount to £7OO 4s. per annum, the names of the officers and their salaries or allow- ances being as follows :—J. E. Davies (actuary), £400; T. Tunstall (cashier), £l5O and house rates, gas, coals and water; W. A. Proud (clerk), £80; D. Davies (clerk), £2O; Arthur Bennett (auditor),X4o ; and guarantee premiums, £lO 4s. Inclusive of the before-mentioned salaries the expense of manage- ment during the year was £929 6s. 10d., which amounts to 6s. 3d. per cent. on the capital of the Bank. The rate of interest paid to depositors is .E 2 10s. per cent, the number of accounts open 10,739. and the total amount standing to the credit of depositors was .£293,262, the whole of which is invested with the National Debt Commissioners with the exception of £B6l Is. lid., which was in the hands of the treasurer. The amount of invested separate surplus fund was £2,100, other assets £1.300. making the total assets of the bank £297.709 Bs. Bd. It may be added that there are 267 similar Savings banks in the United Kingdom, of which there are 199 in England and Wales, 50 in Scotland, 16 in Ireland, and two in the Channel Islands. At the end of the last year there were 1,471,146 aecounts open, and the amount standing to the credit of depositors was £42,225,800. SILVER WEDDING FESTIVITIES AT WALTON. On Tuesday evening a large and influential com- pany gathered at "Ivy Lea," Lower Walton, to cele- brate the silver wedding of Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Mounfield; buirder, of Warrington. Sixty-five sat

- EPrs's COCO AIN E.--Cocoa-Nib Extract. (Tea-like).—The choicest roa,t.d nibs (broken up beans) of the natural Cocoa, on being subjected to powerful hydraulic pressure, give forth their excess of oil, leaving for use a finely-flavoured powder— Coeonine," a product which, when prepared with boiling water, has the consistence of tea, of which it is now bene- ficially taking the place with many. Its active principle being a gentle nerve stimulant, supplies the needed energy without unduly exciting the system. Sold only in packets and tins, by Grocers. labelled "James Epps and Co. Ltd., Homceopathic Chemists, London." To be obtainei in Warrington of BOWDE' and SONS. Saukey-street BLMFORD, 132, Bridge-street, : PFuctvAr., 14 Buttermarket-street ; RICHAVDSON and SON. Bridge-street and others in every town .—Advt.

down to dinner in a tent specially erected for the occasion, and very tastefullylaid out. Amongst the guests were the father and mother of the host and the mother of the hostess (Mrs. Peter Woods). Dur- ing the evening Mr. John Crumblehulme, of Bolton, on behalf of the company and in an exceedingly uppropriate speech, congratulated Mr. and Mrs. Mounfieki. This was sup- ported by Mr. It. B. Woods, of Southport, and Mr. Backhouse of Liverpool. The thanks of the company for their invitation and very hand- some reception were very well expressed by Mr. James Evans and Mr. Councillor Rob.rts, who put into choice words the feelings of the many friends. The high appreciation in which Mr. and Mrs. Moun- field are held was evidenced by the very handsonie • presents which they received. It is invidious to par- ticularise, when all were so good, but the handsome folding chair presented by Mr. Mounfield's father , b:ctl brothers and the very chaste silver flower and fruit- eand from Mrs. Mounfield's mother brothers And sisters deserve special notice. On Wednes44 evening about 30 of Mr. Mounfield's : workmen sat •t,own to an excellent dinner, under the presidency olr Nr. Arthur Mounfield. They were entertained during !,Ite evening by Mr. Wm, Moun- field, who very efficiOtlY manipulated the piano, Mr. J. W. Woods, of 3irmingham, sang several songs, but the items most enjoyed were the skilful playing on the fiddle of Mr. Osborne and thr remarkably clever clog dancing of their ma' Michael Hennessey. The good feeling existir • tween Mr. Mounfield and his men was .01 1i3e371 their presenting him with a handspme " inkstand, and their desire to honour their host -oft bs, their presentable appearance was furthers t.ho y the fact that a subscription was raier's. 4.. - - rJ enaltle one of their number to "get b: s nair 6 -I,il . The festivities , were contir• . ....tett on Thursday evening,wtatt a party Wai given to the young friends of Miss Edith I Mounfield to celebrate her birthday.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

-.1 WA see. fro ton no,

t`ri TPA

===== 0002601_18941013_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
THE IRON TRADE IN THE NORTH.

STOPPAGE OF THE DARLINGTON STEEL AND IRON COMPANY'S WORKS. After an existence of 35 years the Darlington Steel and Iron Company's works were on Saturday closed owing to bad trade. At the annual meeting of the Company on July 30, the Chairman (Mr. T. Hugh Bel', of Middles- borough) stated that in consequeaoe of the general depression in trade the directors had come to the emu- elusion to close the works, but in spite of this declara- tion hope was not altogether abandoned that some ar- rangement might be naade for continuing the operations ,of the company. For the last few weeks, however, all ' that has been done has been to complete the orders t len running, and use up the materials in stock, and on Saturday an absolute cessation of work took place, w, t no prospect of a resumption. The career of the company is in many respects remarkable. The works at Alber: Hill, Darlington were founded by the late Wm. Barn- ingham, originally a blacksmith at Shildon, afterwards an ironmaster near Manchester, who bought land at Darlington and conveyed there part of the roofing of the Manchester Exhibition, utilising it for the roof of the great rolling mills which he opened at Darlington in 1859. For a dozen years or so afterwards there was great activity at the works,7o,ooo tons of iron rails being turned out yearly—probably more than are now made in the whole count' y. Twenty years ago the works were sold to the Da..lington Iron Company, and were then believed to make a greater quantity of rails than any other English concern. The course of the iron trade of the North of England at that time was largely shaped by the iron rail manufacture. In 1873 the associated makers of the North sold over 324,000 tons of iron rails, whereas now scarcely 1,000 tons are sold by them. This is due partly to the fact that steel rails are made instead of iron, and partly to the falling off in shipments to other countries. In 1872 the United States alone bought 970,000 tons of iron rails, but the quantity shrank yearly until in 1878 only 157,000 tons were shipped, and now the rail trade with America is tardy existent. The collapse of the iron rail trade and the decay of the rail trade with America and Russia were severely felt by the Darlington Iron Company. and it began to produce steel rails and other forms of iron and steel. In the attempt to keep pace with the times the old Company sank all its capital, and in 1882 a new Company, under the style of the Darlington Iron and Steel Company, was formed, after the works had been closed for some time pending reconstruction. The story of the works may be briefly told. Up to 1874 or thereabouts it was prosperous, and iron rails realized £ll 4s. 4d. a ton, but in 1879 they had fallen to £4 18s. 3d. a ton ; and steel rails which in 1879 fetched £lO a ton, are now only about £3. In the last dozen years, the Chairman of the Com- pany states' £4,000,000 has been received for products of the works, and out of this £700,000 has been paid in wages to labour on the spot,whilst altogether £2,800,000 has been paid in wages to coalminers, ironminers, and others (including the ironworkers themselves), so that capital has had but a sparse return. STAVELEY COAL AND IRON COMPANY. REDUCTION OF WAGES. On Saturday notices were posted at the ironworks belonging to the Staveley Coal and Iron Company that the men employed at the various departments would receive 10 per cent. reduction from the 20th inst. The reduction will affect between 2,000 and 3,000 men. See- ing that the Staveley Company are amongst the largest iron producers in the country,it is expected that similar reductions will be made by other firms.

WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH OF WARRINGTON. .

Week ending 29th September, 1804. During the week, which was the 39th of the current year, the following births and deaths were registered : Births.

Deaths. 12

Warrington 42 Latchford 6

Total 4B

The excess of births over deaths was 33. The death- rate from all causes was equal to 13.9 per 1,000, against 18.6 the average of the previous four weeks, and against 25.4 the corresponding week of last year. The death- rate from the seven chief zymotic diseases was equal to 1.8 per 1,000, against 2.7 the average rate of the four previous weeks, and against 7.5 the corresponding week °I 1893. The ages of mortality were- -0-1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-60 60 tip. 5 1 1 4 1 12 1 1 1 3

The deaths included-1 from diarrhcea, 1 from scarlet I fever, 2 from cancer, 2 from phthisis, 1 from old age. 1 from lung disease, 1 from heart disease, 2 from injuries, 1 from suicide. The following cases of infectious disease have been reported during the week :—Scarlet fever 5 cases, enterie fever 1 case. Total number of patients in hospital September 29th, METEOROLOGY.—The mean temperature was 51-1 Fah. and therefore 34 deg. lower than the preceding week. The maximum temperature 64 F., was recorded on the 25th inst., and the minimum temperature 30 F., on the 28th inst. The Rainfall measured *l5 inch. The general direction was E.,the reading of the Anenometer denoting 1125

JOHN H. GORNALL, Medical Officer of Health.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
WILL OF THE LATE MRS. ISABELLA

CROSFIELD.

Probate of the will,.d ated October 7th, 1889, with codicils made the 3rd of March and 7th of Decem- ber, 1893, of Mrs. Isabella Cresfield, of 5' Kensing- ton Palace-gardens, London. who died at 31, Manor- road, Folkestone, on the 2.9 th of July last, aged sixty-nine years, daughter of Mr. Henry Ashworth, of The Oaks. Bolton-le-Moors, and widow of Mr. George Crosfield, of Warrington, has been granted to her nephews by marriage, Mr. Arthur Crosfield and Mr. , Joseph John CrQsfield, both of Walton Lea, Warrington, I and Mr. Frederick Hugh Lea, of 49, Sussex-gardens, solicitor, to the last-named of whom the testatrix be- queaths 200 guineas: to her grand-children Dorothea and George Nicholson. her jewellery ; and to her daughter Letitia, wife of Mr. Charles Norris Nicholson, her plate. pictures, books, furniture, carriages, and horses. Mrs. Crosliel I bequeaths to her son-in-law, Mr. Charles Norris Nicholson, £lO,OOO conditionally upon the appointment upon her death of his wife as " trustee of the will of her father's estate," and if from any cause whatever, other than the death of Mrs. Nicholson, she shall net be so appointed within twelve calendar months after the testatrix's death, this bequest is to be abso- lutely void. Mrs. Crosfield leaves all the residue of her Property, the value of the personal estate being £48,499 10s. 3d., in trust for all or such one or more of the chil- dren or remoter issue of her said daughter as she may 115" will order and appoint, pr, in default of appointment, in equal shares for all her children.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
. - THE CONSTITUENTS OF A "SAUSAGE.'

--- In his annual report to the Vestry of Hampstead. Pro- fessor Alfred W. Stokes, the public analvist of that parish, says, under the head" Sausages," :—" A sample bought from a street stall was found to consist of—bread seven-tenths, fat two-tenths, and one-tenth by way of fresh meat, with a little seasoning and a little vegetable colouring matter. This last was added to cover the absence of meat. Such sausages are being sold in other districts of London just now. Till we get a legal dgfini tion of a • sausage 'it is doubtful whether the Food and Drugs Act will touch the vendors or such concoctions."

===== 0002601_18941013_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SCOTCH MINERS STRIKE.

The result of the Scotch miners' ballot was declared on Thursday. Only 6,296 votes were r2corded. Of these 5,000 were in favour of remaining on strike till the Federation terms were obtained. The "Scotsman" says the men in the wpstern mining district of Scotland have returned to work, and the strike is now confined to Fife, a portion of the Lothians, and Stirlingshire.

===== 0002601_18941013_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
THE IRISH PARTY AND ENGLISH SUBSCRIPTIONS.

MR. GLADSTONE'S CHEQUE NOT RETURNED. The London correspondent of the" Freeman's Jour- nal" states that the Committee of the Irish National League of Great Britain has now returned all subscrip- tiong to the Irish Parliamentary Fund from Englishmen with a letter explaining the circumstances and thanking them. The only exeeption made was in the case of Mr. Gladstone, whose cheque was not returned bPcause he is no longer a member of the Government,because he has retired from p;;Ablic life, and because he is Mr-Qrladstone,

SOUTHPORT.

PRIVATE CONVALESCENT HOME. TER VS MODERATE; HIGHEST REFERENCES* MISSES MARRIOT AND BROWNE. TRAINED NURSES. KNYPER3LEY HOUSE. PARK-ROAD.

FITS OR EPILEPSY. GIDDINESS, SENSATIONS, FAINTS.

I will demonstrate to the whole world how that most dreadful of all complaints, "EPILEPSY." which has been hitherto considered incurable, can be permanently cured (w'thou.' the chance of f;ilure). Write with full hope and ' e,infi 'en *1 the "Secretary." Burwood House, Burwoe 1 ace, `-cle Park, london. He will send you, "Gratis," iu., inetructions for cure, and advice on diet.

===== 0002601_18941013_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
".A WON- PIA A thoroughly r‘-' .DERFIIL WATCH." GUS. LISH PATEN4' -stable all HAND-MADE SILVER ENG- ' fitted with ' ~.. LEVER WATCH, capped, jewelled. and SILVER - ...ITRONG CHAIN on FUSEE, HEAVY SOLID ally Re rIALL-MARKED CASES, well finished, and speci- !Nr ,apted to fit fiat in the pocket. " FOR FIFTY SHILL- S." This watch is timed to a minute, and will STAND ....RY AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION! A Bona fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch, This Watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price. To be obtained only from E. & A. EUSTANCE, watchmakers, THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. N.B.—Sent post-tree to all parts of the United Kingdom on receipt of P. 0.0. -----------

WARRINGTON ASSOCIATION OF BANDS. CLOSE OF THE SEASON. A Massed Band of 200 Instrumentalists will give a perform- ance in front of the Town Hall, to-day (Saturday), at 3-30 P.m., when a collection will be made in aid of the Warrington "Life-boat Saturday Fund."

BOROUGH OF WARRINGTON. SECOND LIFE BOAT SATURDAY. SUBSCRIPTION LISTS CLOSE sth NOV., 1894. An Appeal is made to the Public for their support in this Most popular movement. The Committee hope that no one, however busily engaged _ in any other philanthropic work, will on this account be deterred from helping the Life Boat Saturday Movement, which is gradually extending all over the country. • It has been deemed advisable to dispense with a Public Demonstration and with the subscription cards usually left at the various works in town. A ouilettLin will however be Made this Saturday afternoon, when the Warrington Association of Bands will close the season with a performance by a " Massed Band" of 200 instrumentalists in front of the Town Hall, commencing at 3-30. Subscrh, tions may be paid into any of the Banks in Warrington to the account of the Life Boat Saturday Fund. A. M. GREENALL, (Mayoress), President. Town Nall, Warrington. WEDDING RINGS-PURE GUINEA GOLD 22-CARAT WEDDING RINGS. Largest Stock and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from 7e. 6d. to 50s. All sizes and shapes. including the Round and Half-Round always in stock. A handsome present given to awl purchaser. Finger size cards post free. E. AND A. EUSTANCE. Tut ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, SANKEY-STREET. WARRINGTON. N.B.—Strictly Private Room for tting. ESTABLISHED, 1864.

TANN E R S ' LANE COAL w ilAilp 111/I..RRINGTON. , THE PEARSON &ND KNOWLES COAL AND, , IRON COMPANY. LLIKITED, ; INCA HALL COLLIERIES. Milli, WIGAN., , '• LOCAL MARAGER, ALSREO 1): ATIKILIS. All kinds of Mane Coal, Nuts, E-irgy, and ' ifterine'rnel -kept in stock. Wagons eent to any Sailway St Aim, Housi Orders promptly attended to. N.B.—Orders received also at 19*, Sankev-st . ______-...----;- -----.

WHY BE A STATE SOCIALIST? WHY Et. A STATE CGERCIONI.ST? WHY 'FIGHT VIE POLITICAL POWER OVER YOtrit'i'ELLOWILAN WHY "INOT JOIN MR RANKS AND BECOME A VOLUNTARYIST ? READ FREE Liti7E. ORGAN OF THE VOLIMTARY STATE. EDITED BY ,AUBERON HERBERT. 'ND NTHLY 14. '`.7.EARLY Is. 6d. Post T•ree. SOLD BY THO MAS CLARK, NEWSAGENT. 3.3. MARKET-STREET, EARLESTOWN.

CURED IN THR Ott) STYLE WITH OAK 'BILLET ONLY. DELICIOUS FLAVOUR. Fresh Daily from our own Curing Reuses. PRIME YARMOUTH BLOATERS. 12 for is. 6d., 25 for 2•1. 6d., -50 for 4s. KIPPERS and RED HERRINGS at the same prices. Carriage paid to any Railway Station nn receipt of Postal Order and addrested label to PLEASANCE Sr. CO., 64, ADMIRALTY ROAD, GREAT YARMOUTH.

FREE EDUCATION. SCHOOL OF AGRICULTURE in .connection with THE COUNTY COUNCIL OF LANCASTER. HARRIS INSTITUTE, PIIRSTON • • President, WILLIAM ASCROFT. Esq., J.P. Chairman of Committee, The Rev. L. C. WOOD, M.A., C.A. The Session commences on the let October. Open to students who are at least 14 years of age. The Instruction is Free, and in addition the County Councitallow Ten Shillings Per week, either for board and lodging, or travelling expenses. Further information can be obtained, in the Director ef Technical Instruction (Agricultural Department), County Offices, Preston, or from T. E. JOLLY. Secretary. Harris Institute, Preston, Sept embtr, 1194.

JOSEPH STRINGER DECEASED.—AII persons hiving any claims or demands against the estate of JOSEPH STRINGER, late of 28, Green-st., Warrington, Baker and Provision Dealer, are requested to send particulars thereof in writing at once to the undersigned. Dated this sth day of October, 1894. ARTHUR BROWNE. 1, Cloth Hall Yard, Warrington.

35/ REVOLUTION IN THE 35/_ WATCH TRADE. T. B. CARDWELL, PRACTICAL WATC [MAKER, 105. DALE-STREET. LIVERPOOL, Offers to the Public and especially to Mechanics, a thorough English SILVER LEVER WATCH, reliable in works and accurate in time, at a cost of 355. Many persons will I!)e surprised that a genuine English Lever can be made for the price, but T. B. CARD WELL has succeeded in producing an English Lever 355. Watch not inferior to those sold elsewhere for £5. The 355. ENGLISH SILVER LEVER WATCH, Jewelled in Seven Actionc, guaranteed for Five years, can be had at CARDW ELL'S 105, DALE-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Next Door to Central Police Station. Hall-marked 18-carat Gold English Keyless Lever Watches, from £7 10s. REPAIRS PROMPT AND RELIABLE.

IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT. FOR

^, - ITUSSEY'S BROOCHES 4, 116, BOLD STREET, 4 LIVERPOOL. I, _ . MORE THAN 300 rj TO SEt,ECT FROM. PRICES F. 4.011 I.v. TO £lO

Pr Am Nemcz. WHY BUY e, MAP aERRY-WADE FURNITURE, WHEN uCAN 'PROCURE SOUNDLY MNSTIWCTED GOODS AT T• t eliN - H. WARING, ' Vic 18 HARDMAN STREET, LIVERPOOL, (Near the Philharmonic Hall.) , IASAIGOODS STORED AND PACKED FREE.

VIOLINS, VIOLONCELLOS, MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. • JOHN BYROM, MBEACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Chanot). Strings. Bows, Cases, &e.. of Finest Quality. A.RTISTIC REPAIRING IN ALL ITS BRANCHES AT V. RENSHAW-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

OWING TO EXPIRATION OF LEASE, WILLIAM .SUGG AND CO., LIMITED, 33. BOLD-STREET. LIVERPOOL. 'ARR OFFERING THEIR ENTIRE STOCK OF GAS LIGHTING, GAS HEATING, .A.ND GAS COOKING APPARATUS, AT Vi REDUCTION RANGING FRDM 25 TO 50 PER CENT.

'FOR 000 .DAROMETERS, OPERA.AND FIELD GLASSES • oFfTHE BEST,QUALITY, AT A SAVING OF ss. iIN THE £ GO TO G-. AND N. STOKES. 10, CHURCH-LANE. . by St. Peter's Church, LIVERPOOL, VEN'YEARS WORKMAN TO WOOD, late ABRAHAM.

T IRE 'NETTING, STAPLES, GARDEN ; TOOLS. CUT, WROUGHT, WIRE AND COPPER NAILS. Bolts and Nuts, Washers, Set Screws, tcc. W.,AND . ELLISON, GENERAL IRONMONGERS, 5. PARADISE-ST., 'LIVERPOOL. Telephone, No. 1,735.

yA CHT S' AND BOATS' IRONMONGERY. Rowlocks, Binnacle Rings, Lamps and Fittings, Con- necting Lieks. Chains, Eyelets and Thimbles. Copper and ;Iron Nails and Tacks, and every description of Shipping Tackle. W. and J. ELLISON, 65. PARADIBE-STREET, lAverpoo4 Te

R. CLAMP & SON, :MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES. C.iLADSTONE BAG. (Cow Hide) From 16s. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 245. %WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9s. 6d. 391 AND 415 DALE STREET, 12 LORD STREET, AND 8, PARKER STREET. LIVERPOOL.

ppIITTURES. - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. _Liu T. EGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure of Rupture; registered; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works. 7 &9. arosvenor-street , Lon- don-road. Manchester.

GeoEurTseAoUf G.l.lllTessionnsA.fanAcippievstmeirss; tGerRmEEs Li is. mASf oSr Aa Home for Hospital-trained Nurses and Paying Patients, Stamford-road. Bowdon.

HIGHEST PRICE Given for Old Gold and Silver, Diamonds, Sheinc.l-1 and Electro Plate. Antiques, Dental Gold. ttc. Letters attended to. C. H. HAYHURST (late J:Harris Gibson), 73. Renshaw-street, Liverpool.

POLICE NOTICE. rrHE POLICE are hereby GIVEN FULL POWER _L to Arrest all Persons who are not seen in possession of one of the PARAGON'S UMBRELL A.S or WALKING STICKS, and convey them 1. ConEN. The Paragon, Roe- st., (adjoining Royal CourrTheatre), Liverpool.

TALL SEASON. BANns .s.UPPLIED, any number, for Balls, Entertainments, Parties. &c., by It. ANDERTON, 'late H.M. Life Guards Band, R.A.M., H.M. State Ball Bands, and principal London Orchestras. Brass Bands coached. Euphonium and Trombone Soloi-t for concerts.—For terms apply It. ANDERTON, 78, Buttermarket-st , Warrington.

DANCING and CALISTIIENICS (thorough system).—MlSS CAVANAGH will commence a SELECT CLASS for BEGINNERS at 63. Bews€ ly-street, Warrington, on MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 24th, Steps at 7-30 p.m. Terms 12s. 6d..i.er quarter. Advanced Class on FRIDAY, Ocronza.l2th, at 8-0 p.m., 10s. 6d. per quarter. Children's and Adult Beginner's Class on SATURDAY, OCTOBER 13th,at 2-30 p.m., 10s. 6d. per quarter. Families arranged with. PRIVATE LESSONS in all the fashionable round dances, one guinea per quarter. Three Private Lessons in the Waltz, 7s. 6d. Schools and Families attended. N.B.—A SPECIAL PRIVATE CLASS of 12 is forming, 15s. per quarter.

• AGRIPPIN IS A GRAND MEDICINE FREE FROM POISON. JUST TRY IT FOR ANY OF THE FOLLOWING COMPLAINTS. IT IS WONDERFUL For MEASLES, Teething. Headache, BILIOUSNESS, Feverishness, Sore Throat, Bronchitis, or any CHEST complaint., Pains in the BACK, any Rash or Eruptions on the Skin, any painful redness Swelling or Abscess any SKIN DISEASE, any BLOOD DISORDER. BITES of any kind, BLOOD POISONING and purifies the Blood. SOLD by Mr. Bibby, Grocer. St. James-st., Latchford ; Mr. Gandy, Grocer, Church-st. ; Mr. Flynn, Grocer, Winwick- rd. ; Mr. Hill, Grocer, &c., Priestly-et. ; Mr. Hollowell, Grocer, Liverpool-rd. IN POWDERS, TWOPENCE EACH.

,) ANOTHER SPECIAL PURCHASE. • ALL AT 1/61 EACH. • -LADIES' FASHIONABLE rte, FLANNELETTE BLOUSES IN IL' SCOTC'D, PLAIDS AND FANCY CHECKS, WITH VERY FULL SLEEVES, • . WORTH 216 „ . HENRY MILES, 25 AND 25A, CHURCH STREET, (Opposite Pro Cathedral), LIVERPOOL.

W. BEATTY, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, BROOKFIELD TIMBER YARD, EARLESTOWN. Dealer in all kinds of Building Materials. General repairs to Property of every Description. All kinds of Drainage and Sewage Work. Estimates given.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BBR. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNN INGHAM, 2. near WATKIN-STREET, WARRINGTON.

THOMAS FRAIN, RENT and DEBT COLLECTOR, House, Estate, and General Commission Agent, 39, GLADSTONE STREET, WARRINGTON. RENTS AND ACCOUNTS regularly collected in town or country.—DEßTS PURCHASED. References and Terms on application. Communications promptly attended to.

R. ISHER WOOD, HOUSE AND COMMISSION AGENT, 57, TANNERS'-LANR, WARRINGTON, Established 1873. Rents and Debts collected. Agent for Fire. Life. Accident, Employers' Liability, Live Stock and Plate Glass Insurance Co.s. Lowest Current Rates, Prompt and Liberal Settlements.

AT .1.11 ON-SLIPPING HORSE DE HORSEY'S. (Patent applied for). PREVENTS SLIPPING on the asphalte and other pave- ments of large towns, and also PREVENTS CONCUSSION on hard roads, thereby adding very much to the Health of the Horse, which has by its means a Softer Tread. DE HORSEY. 44, CASTLE-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

IVOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the next .1.11 GENERAL QUARTER SESSIONS of the Peace for the COUNTY OF CHESTER will be holden at the COURT HOUSE, NETHERKNUTSFORD, in and for the said County, on MON:DAY, the 15th day of October next, at Half-past Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon, when the Grand Jury will be empannelled. The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Hundreds of Bucklow. Macclesfield, and Northwich, forming the Knutsford District, and the trials of all prisoners com- mitted from such Hundreds, will take place at such Sessions. The Grand and Petty Jury for the Knutsford District must be in attendance at the Court House, Knutsford, at the opening of the Court on MONDAY, the 15th day of October, at Half-past Eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. THE Court will be Adjourned to the Castle of Chester, on THURSDAY, the l&h day of October next. at eleven o'clock in the Forenoon, when another Grand Jury will be empannelled. The hearing of all Appeals arising within the Hundreds of Broxton, Eddisbury, Nantwich, and Wirral, forming the Chester District, and the trials of all prisoners committed from the last-mentioned Hundreds will take place at such Adjourned Sessions. The Grand and Petty Jury for the Chester District must be in attendance at the Castle of Chester, at the opening of the Court on THURSDAY, the lath day of October next, at eleven o'clock in the Forenoon. REGINALD POTTS, Clerk of the Peace for the County of Chester. Chester, 24th September, 1894.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE. LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT COMPANY, LIMITED. Head Office: 168. ISLINGTON, LIVERPOOL. LOANS from £5 to £l,OOO on personalor other security. £l5, Repayable 6s. Weekly, Entire Charge £1 28. 3d. £5O„, 20s. „ t• £3 9s. Od. £lOO, „ 40s. „ „ £6 168. Od. ALEX. GORDON. Manager.

SUN INSUFI LotNNCDEE D OFFICE, (FIRE.) SUM ISURFMIN 1893.—£395,854,440. For all particulars apply to the followinz Agents : WARRINGTON Mr. J. R. Biel:mere & Son, Bridge-st. Mr. Edward W. Woods. Commercia Chambers, 55, Horsemarket-street Mr. Lewis Voisey. King-street. Mr. R. Lowe, Market Gate Chambers.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40, LUDGATE HILL. HOME COMFORTS. CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. Central for business or pleasure.

IUIAENOFFEREN HOTEL, BLAENAU FEST- INEOG.—HeaIthy locality, grand mountain scenery. Very centre for visitors. Three different railways. T- -355. to 455. weekly ; or 6s. 6d. and 78.6 d. daily.

f LAND UDN O. WASHINGTON HOTEL. EASN _L_I PARADE, healthiest part, centre ,of Bay. Home com- forts, moderate charges. Pine Old Whisky. Welsh Ales. Winter week end, terms 156.—E. BAQIin, Proprietor.

SOUTIT PORT.— SUNNYSIDE HY DRO.—Ph ysician Dr. BARNARD°. Sun.mer and Winter Residence, one of the handsomest buildings in Fouthnort, centrally situated, replete with every comfort, tine Sea View ;near Parks. Piers, Trams, and Golf Links; Turkish, Vapour, and other Baths; Massage. Galvanism.—Terms moderate.—,Proprietor. J. BOOCOCIC

J. M. BEACON, SWAN HOTEL, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. WINES AND SPIRITS OF CHOICEST BRANDS. WORTHINGTON'S East India. Pale and Burton Lies, FINDLATER'S Dublin, Nourishing, and other Stoats, GUINNESS'S DUBLIN EXTRA. STOUT, BOTTLE AND CASK. Hop Bitters,and Old Style Ginger Beer. Bottles only. Family Trade Specially Catered for.

CAPITAL Two-manual ORGAN, new • fine rich tone, splendid pitch Rlne case.—ALEX. YOUNG and SoNs, organ builders, Rldon-st., Manchester.

THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT. 8 & 10 H ORSE MARKET STREET, WARRINGTON, ARE TAKING THE LEAD WITH THEIR SPLENDID SHOW OF OVERCOATS FOR THE SEASON. A FASHIONABLE OVERCOAT lA. this Season is the I A/ A. New Curl Serge, Single- ' Breasted Chesterfield with Velvet Collar, TH E M. C. D. have a FROM Choice Selection of Men's Single-Breasted Chesterfield with Real Silk Velvet Collars, 21/— In Broad Twills. Diagonals. Kyrles, Serges, Friezes, Beavers, Meltons, &c., &c. These GOODS are SPLENDID VALUE and are sure to PROVE a GOOD INVESTMENT rrHE TRAVELLING COMPANIONIU for warmth, ease, and comfort, is the .13.1 e V • _KJ • DOUBLE-BREASTED MUNSTER Fully Tabbed, Extra Long. Lined through 21 / with Wool, Deep Collar _LP" TO In Heavy Tweeds, Broad Twills, wool 50/ Friezes, &c. For Gentlemen accustomed to travelling, this Coat will prove an inseparable Friend. THE M. C. D. YOUTH'S OVERCOATS are showing in a variety of Fashionable Styles. YOUTH'S CAPE OVERCOATS, FROM YOUTH'S SCOTCH CLOAKS, in Heavy Tweeds, Cheviots, Serges, &c. 12/— YOUTH'S SINGLE-BREASTED FROM Chesterfield, with Velvet Collar. In the New Curl Serge. 11/6 THE M.C.D. BOY'S DEPARTMENT Contains a variety of New Styles. In Overcoats for Juvenile wear. The BOYS' New HUSSAR COAT. Taste- fully designed with Heavy Astrachan FROM trimming, Braid, and Olivets. In specially Selected Materials. 10/6 ••••• •••••• The BOYS' New LANCER COAT, Collar FROM and Cuffs with deep Astrachan trimming. mi A very CHEAP and EFPECTIVEI3TYLE. oys. Double-Breasted REEFER FRom -1.3 OVERCOATS, IN NAPS. SERGES, KYRLEFSR, &c6/1/61 DOY S' Double-Breasted ALBANY 031 -LP OVERCOATS, IN CHOICE TWEEDS, WARM AND DURABLE. BffS' OVERCOATS, with Extra mild 6/6 Long CAPES • SPECIAL ATTENTION HAS BEEN GIVEN TO THE ORDER DEPARTMENT. E M.O.D. are displaying ay2in7g/ N 6 e TwTo.dkRanges rlaMeasure rr : of High-class OVERCOATINGS and SUITINGS. MEN'S OVERCOATS, EN'S UITS. S 32/ 38/ MEN'S rrROUSERS. 8/6 10/6 To m—re FIT AND WORKMANSHIP GUARANTEED. High class Cutters and Workmen Employed.. THE E.C.D..4 make all their own Clothing and DEAL DIRECT with Customers with- out INTERMEDIATE PROFITS. SEE WINDOWS. • - . THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT. 4456 & 10,HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

• GRATHFUL EP P S ' 0 OMFORTING. BRRAKFAST, SLIPPER. 0 0.0 0 A BOILING WATRR OR MILK

Nv HITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. • Ahr LIVERPOOL ta NEW YORK via • - Queenstown. EVEItY WEDNESDAT. *MAJESTIC—Wed., Oct. 17. I OERMANIC...Wed., Oct. 24. Cotton not carried on Passenger Steamers. Second Cabin will be carried on rue voyage marked thus", Steerage passage at low rates. including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore. The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class, uniform in model and arrangements, and unsurpassed in the completeness of their appointments. Saloon and State Room amidships. Apply to Israel', IramE, and Co., 34, Leadenhall-strect, London. E.G.. and 10. Water-street. Liverpool.

SCOTLAND. ORDINARY RETURN TICKETS issued during the period from the Ist May to 31st October, are available for two Calender Months, by OWL or BEAR, but are not transferable. If not used within the pre- scribed period they are cancelled. No allowance made for tickets lost, mislaid, or not used. STEAM COMMUNICATION BETWEEN LIVERPOOL AND GLASGOW. ro: 4 1 CALLING AT GREENOCK " The first-class full-po.wered Screw Steamers OWL and BEAR are intended to sail from CLARENCE DOCK (south-west side), Liverpool. as under, carrying goods and Passengers , at terms stated in Hailing Bills, to be had from the Agents. OCTOBER. From Clarence Dock. BEAR OWL TUESDAY, 16th —Cabin nAyll2llsOtt (including 11 a.m. BEAR Steward's Fee) single, 12s. OWL LDINARY FIRES: 12s. 6d. ; Return £1 ; Steerage. single,6B. ; servants in cabin pay full fare. Children above two years, and under twelve .years of age half these fares, Cheap Return Tickets (valid for 10 days) issued between Liverpool. Greenock, and Glasgow. Cabin, 15s. Steerage, 6s. AGENTS :—G. and .7 . Burns, 30, Ja mai ea-et., Glasgow, and 10, Bernardst., Leith; William Sinclair, Excise-buildings, Greenock; C. MACIVER CO. 64, and 65, Tower Buildings. Water-st.. Liverpool. Offices of the Bridgewater Navigation Company, Limited,and Old Quay Company, 41. Queen-st., and Water-st., Manches ter. or C. Maclver. & Co , Albert-square. Manchester.

EMIGRATION TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD: Cr JOHN WALKER AND jO., 00. N " EXAMINER OFFICE. WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOR IUNARD LINE for NEW YORK every SATUR- kj DAY, and for BOSTON every THURSDAY.—Fare £2.

NEW ZEALAND, TASMANIA, and AUSTRALIAN LINES landing passengers en route at Teneriffe, Cape Town. and at Hobart. Sm.

LORD BROS.' FOR THE NEWEST, THE BEST, THE CHEAPEST, IN " JACKETS, CAPES, pALETOTS, MACKINTOSHES, FURS, DRESSES, UMBRELLAS, &c. The Latest Designs are constantly being added to our Stock, "OUR MAKE" is unsur- passed for rir, FINISH, QUALITY, AND PRICE. Closed every Thursday, at 1 p.m. '1 128, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS. FoR DANISH KIEL BUTTER, . SMOKED WILTSHIRE, IRISH ROLL AND HOME-CURED BACON. PRIME CHESHIRE CHEESE, In fact for General GROCn'RIES AND PROVISIONS At Prices to SUIT all try E. DOWNES, FAMILY GROCER AND PROVISION DEALER. 12, OXFORD STREET. EARLESTOWN.

W. P. & W.- . OKELTON, LIMITED, JUBILEE BUILDINGS, HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON. COMPLETE HOUSE FURNISHERS, GENERAL IRONMONGERS, SMALLWARE DEALERS, BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, CYCLE AGENTS. GOLF CLUBS, TENNIS GOODS, BATS, WICKETS, BALLS, LEG GUARDS. GLOVES. &c. WIRE NETTING. FENCING WIRE. BASSINETTES, MAIL CARTS. MATS, MATTING, CARPETS, RUGS. LEATHER BAGS OF ALL DESCRIP- TIONS. LADIES DRESS TRUNKS, TRAVELLING TRUNKS. WE RESPECTFULLY SOLICIT ENQUIRIES. JUBILEE BUILDINGS, HOR,SEMARKET Sr.. WARRINGTON.

EADE'S k_TOLIT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. IN A. FEW HOURS THEY GAVE ME RELIEF. EADE'S pILLS. "West-street, Firgrove, "Rochdale, December 14th, 18E9. EADE'S pILLS. "bear Sir,—l have had the Gout in my big toe for six years on EADE'S pILLS. and off in spite of the numerous liniments and pills I bought. At length my brother advised me to try your pills. So I sent fora small bottle, is. lid, and am pleased to say nothing ever did me so much good. IN A FEW HOURS THEY GAVE ME RELIEF, and in four days I could wear my boot and go to business. GOUT The second bottle mad e me all right, nor has the pain since returned. I RHEUMATISM will never be without your pills, and shall recommend to sill know. GOUT —Yours truly, " A. CHADWICK. 'RHEUMATISM " Mr. G.Eade." EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. Prepared only by George Eade. 72, Gosy,-ell-road. London. E.C.; and Sold by all Chemists. in Bottles, is. lid. and 2s. 9d. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS.

DR. FOX S COUGH AND VOICE WAFERS THE GREAT REMEDY. FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, INFLUENZA, HOARSENESS, LOSS OF VOICE AND ALL AFFECTIONS OF THE CHEST AND LUNGS. These invaluable Wafers, being prepared from Herbs and Fruits only, do not contain any deleterious ingredients, and may be taken with perfect safety by old and young. DR. Fox's COUGH AND VOICE WAFERS, Prepared only by GEORGE BADE. 72, GOSWELL-ROAD, LONDON, And sold everywhere in Tins, is. nd. each. Post free from the Proprietor on receipt ot Stanips or Postal Order.

THOS. CLARK, "EXAMINER" OFFICE, 33, MARKET-STREET, EARLESTOWN. A good selection of Reward Books. Albums, Ladies' Bags and General Stationery, can always be had at the above address. A choice selection of useful Second-hand Books to be sold cheap. Newspapers and Periodicals delivered in the Neighbourhood.

Ho ROBINSON, Largest IMPORTER of Mouldings in the Provinces. Over 1000 Patterns kept. PICTURE AND SHOWCARD FRAME MAKER, HAS REMOVED TO 21, ST. ANNE-ST., LIVERPOOL. • DIRECTLY OPPOSITE THE CHURCH. Country Customers will be allowed return fare on £lO orders and above.

BOTH the CESAREWITCH and CAMBRIDGE- SHIRE will be won by "Rank Outsiders," don't miss these grand opportunities, "dead certs " Winners of these or any other race all one price is. each.— Send at once to Dixolf, Beaconsfield Hot:tee, King's Cliffe.

GOOD, RELIABLE, SATISFACTORY. - A Gentleman residing in Centre of the Southern Training Districts, has often information of genuine triers. He will send occasional wires at a clesrge of 2s. each day, or Ts. 6d. the week. Something special for next week.—A. WILSON, 6'T, Queen's Road, Brighton.

CCLOSE OF THE FLAT • "LACING SEASON.— ki Unlucky stay-at-home and other backers should follow Russell's Safety System. Clears £l5 weekly for small outlay. Guarantee of success with each pamphlet. Price ss.—Mr. W. H. RuasEr., 57, Scholefield-st.. Birmingham. NB . Correspondence solicited. Mention this paper.

HARDAWAY AND TOPPING. (late BOULOGNE-SUR-MER), Only Address, FLUSHING, HOLLAND, Postage 2id. Price list publisla.d twice daily containing latest market movements, forwarded free on receipt of post- card containing address. NO REPRESENTATIVES AT RACE MEETINGS.

FT G. PATERSON, • FLUSHING, HOLLAND. The TURF REGISTER, published twice daily, is forwarded post free on receipt of address. Double and Tteble Events on all Principal Races. Starting Price Limit Minor Races :- 16 to 1 win, 4 to 1 place, 8 runners. No Limit Principal Events.

TEETH. TEETH. TEETH. TEETH. PARKINSON'S TEETH are, at the price UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD. The TEETH. public may rest assured that these state- ments are based on ABSOLUTE TRUTH, and perhaps the • best guarantee of this to TEETH. intending patients is that J. H. PARKIN- SON has one of the Largest Dental Practices TEETH. in England, the outcome of employing the BEST LABOUR, using the BEST TEETH. MATERIALS obtainable, and charging the LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. TEETH. Any set made, or work done by him, and not giving ABSOLUTE SATISFACTION in every detail will be immediately corrected. TEETII. or an ENTIRE NEW SET made FREE OF CHARGE. TEETH. These conditions insure the public's satis- faction and recommendation, exemplified by TEETH. 21 sets having been inserted for patients during one year only directly and indirectly TEETH. through the voluntary persuasion and recom- mendation of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. Any ..... or all of these patients' names and addresees. TEET.bt. for reference, will be 'given to any would-be patient personally applying for them. These, TEETH. with thousands in the past, each recom- mending their friends, speak volumes for Mr. TEETH. Parkinson's success. His unusually large dental establishment TEETH. giltellEf;ltheAVYMF2EZ Patientsaorfelvi onstoT FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily from 9 to 12 1 TEETH. and 2to 6. ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS EXTRACTION, TEETH. &c., as hitherto, by the aid of his own made LIQUID NITROUS OXIDE, of which he TEETH. now liquefies for sale to dentists, nearly 1 10,000 gallons weekly. Patients have, there- -1 fore, in this speciality also the benefit of his ' TEETH. experience. y TEET H. J. H. PARKINSON, TEETH. Dentist by Examination, MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET LIVERPOOL. 24. CHURCH-STREET. ' ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET. EARLESTOWN. 'on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. Mees, 2 to 5 p.m. WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS. 3, Sankey-street, (Side entrance, first floor) 2 to 5 p.m. RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs.Hughes', Confectioner Bridge-street, from 2 to 5. NORTHWICH, on FRIDAYS, at 18, Applemarket-street, Or 11 to 12 a.m.. and 1 to 5 p.m. Jel

WE ARE NOW SHOWING NEW STYLES IN BIBLES, BIBLES, JOHN S. GREEN, PRAYER BOOKS, PRINTER, BOOKSELLER, PURSES, PURSES, AND STA.TIONER, ALBU3fS, ALBUMS, 34, BRIDGE-ST, WARRINGTON. JUST ARRIVED-A NEW STOCK OF MEMORIAL CARDS.

WINTER FASHIONS. GEORGE HENRY LEE AND CO. PRINCIPAL DISPLAY OF WINTER FASHIONS WILL TAKE PLACE ON TUESDAY NEXT, THE 9TH INST., AND FOLLOWING DAYS. PARIS MODELS IN MILLINERY, MANTLES, AND JACKETS, ROBES AND COSTUMES, _ CHILDREN'S DRESSES, CHILDREN'S MANTLES AND JACKETS. RICH SILKS. DRESS MATERIALS, LACES, &c. GEORGE HENRY LEE AND CO. BASNETT STREET, LIVERPOOL.

ESTABLISHED 1855. WILLIAM LINDOP, 72, THOMAS-STREET, MANCHESTER. BOWLING GREEN BOWLS AND BILLIARD BALLS, CUES. TIPS, CHALK. WAFERS, CHMENT, AND ALL BILLIARD ACCESSORIES. DOMINOES, CHESS, DRAUGHTS, &c. UMBRELLA. AND WALKING STICK MANUFACTURER TO THE TRADE.

REMBRANDT ART STUDIO, 18, FRIARS' GATE, WARRINGTON. (Round by Lipton's). (Dont Forget It.) J. W. ;LAMSON, THE PHOTOGRAPHER. Guarantees a Good Portrait at a Reasonable Price. TRY THEM. Photographs of Anything and Everything.

ONE BABY'S BONNY 818. ONE PRETTY PINAFORE. ONE PAIR SILK SLEEVE TIES. FREE 13 Penny Stamps. MONEY RETURNED, each week, to first five answering this Advertisement. GOULDTHORPE. SHEPLEY, HUDDERSFIELD. Kindly name this paper.

()NE CASE OF ARMY AND NAVY MEDICINES contains sufficient to cure Contagions Diseases of a certain class (internal and external). Price 4s. 6d. Single Bottles of Mixture, 2s. 9d. Only of HOPE, Operative Chemist (late Methuen), 332, Deansgate, Makicixebter. dv.ce Lcc.

I- HERE is a story winch Baron Dowse, the cele- brated Irish judge, once told :—" I was down in Cork last month holding the assizes. On the first day, when the jury came in, the officer of the Court said, ' Gintlemen av the jury, ye'll take yer accustomed places, if ye plea.se. And may I never laff," said the Baron, "it they didn't all walk into ' the dock."

A BERYSTWITH, best part.—Furnished HOUSE TO LET. Six bedrooms ; 17s. 6d. per week.—HECKFORD, King's Heath, Birmingham.

OUTHPORT.—PubIic and Private APARTMENTS.—Mrs. 0 ENTWL9TLE, (from Bolton) 16, Promenade, near Waverley Hotel. Terms moderate.

BLACKPOOL, North.—First-class APARTMENTS and Furnished Rooms ; minute from sea.—Mrs. TintusTLE, Mendelssohu Molise, 4, Braithwaite-t.

B L A CK P O O L. C o m f o r t a b l e APARTMENTS, winter months on reasonable terms ; board if required.—B. THORPE, 93, Warbriek Road, Claremont Park.

DUXTON.—Haddon Grove Hydropatbic. Finest inland watering place in England ; healthiest and best posi- tion, Billiards. Tennis, etc. Send for prospectus.—G. E. HALL, Proprietor.

A PARTMENTS TO BE LET, well furnished. Two enter- taining and four bedrooms, bath, w.c., &c., aho stable and coach-house, near station and shore.— Mrs. EVANS, Mohrcroft, Colwyn.

(ACRAN VIRW, Deganwy.—Board and Residence, home comforts. Winter terms. Ladies 20s. per week. Gentle- men 245.,c105e to Golf Links and Station.—Apply Mrs. LITNT, Ocean View, Deganvvy, North Wales.

Mantet. DRAPEIIY APPRENTICE WANTED.—AppIy W. BENSON, 11, Sankey-s t., Warrington.

WANTED, Sufferers from Lumbago or Dropsy to send 14 stamps for certain cure. J. ASHWORTH, Euxton, Chorley.

QUNLIGHT Soap Coupons WANTED, 2d. doz., 2s. gross k) given any quantity. Cash by return.—TAYLOß, bleorge- st., Hull.

WANTED, at once, a pushing, YOUNG LADY, for Fancy Department in a Draper establishment.—Z. HUB - BERT, Market Mace, Wigan.

WANTED, Sunlight COUPONS, is. sd. 100. 16s. 1,000; also Lady or uent's £4 4s. Sunlight WATCH. Sacrifice £2 53.—CHOSSLAND, Heckmondwike.

A GENTS WANTED.—Jewellery, watches, pipes, cloth- il.. ing, toys, hardware. furniture, wringers, harmoniums. Wholesale Book free.—HENRY MAY, Birmingham.

WANTED. a quantity of good POTATOES; cash and sacks would be sent to any railway station if price and quality suits —Apply by letter to J. FOSTER, " Examiner " Office, Warrington, .

SANITARY INSPECTORS.—GentIemen rapidly PRE- PANED for EXAM by successful coach (correspondence system.) Testimonials and Terms of SANITA, 10. Waldemar Avenue, Fulham, London.

t%TANIED to PURCHASE the goodwill ot a Provision Dealer, with out-door license attached thereto.—Price and particulars to Thos. CownELL, Estate Agent, and Valuer, Scotland-rd. Chambers, Warrington.

FIREWORKS.—WANTED buyers to purchase WELLS and Co.'s London made Fireworks, the cheapest and best in the trade. Price list on application.—WELLS and Co., 14 Chapel Walks, South Castle-st., Liverpool.

IEIOREIGNSTAMPS.—CoIIectors WANTED to send for our 12 approval Selections. Several thousand varieties. Good specimens cheap. Collections bought. Reference or deposit required.—Bvitnow STAMP Co.. 11, Chapel-walks, Liverpool.

ILOTHING and HAT BUSINESS.—WANTED, a Young V./ Man thoroughly experienced in the ready-made and bespoke clothingbusiness ; must be a good window dresser; state age, salary, and last employer, references, and all par- ticulars requited for branch shop at Ashton-in-Makerfield ; also a Junior ASSI,TANT, with one or two year's experience —Apply in own handwriting in both instances.—Joux Rows 48, Sandy Lane, Skelmersdate, near Ormskirk.

YOUNG LADIES who want to be independent and make their way in the world, should write for prospectus of the SCIENTIFIC DRES CUTTING AS4-OCIATION, 272. Regent Circus, London, W. Situations found for all pupils at good salaries. Established 13 years. DRESSMAKING by SKILLED COMPETENT IlAndS (not pupils) for Town or Country. TAILOR-MADE DRESSES Soecialite. CuTrixa and FITTING for home use. Paper or Holland PATTERNS to measurement. Write for Prospectus. SCIENTIFIC-DRESS CUTTING ASSOCIATION, 272, Regent Circus, London, W.

TOBACCONISTS commencing. Ill'd. Guide (259 pages)l 3d.—TonkccoNisTa' Co.. 186, Euston-road. London. Shop-fitters for all trades.—Manager. Hr. MYERS, Est. 1866.

I EFT OFF CLOTHES bought, best price for parcels for- _BA warded. If not approved, goods returned.—JAMES GOR- St IN, New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 325,328, and 346, Deansgats. Manchester.

‘ZECOND-HAND DRESS SUITS, Military, Theatrical,Band 0 Uniforms for sale or hire.—TastEs GOR3f AN, New and Seccnd-hand Clothes Dealer, 326, 328, and 346, Deansgate, Manchester. Also Gentlemen's misfit Suits perfectly new at a third cost price.

TOBACCONISTS and those commencing should call or send for our Price List. Competition defied.—Goinßraces, Paradise-et., Liverpool. Established 1850.

9/1 BUTTERMARKET STREET, Lockup SHOP, £35. `k_., 9 24, BUTTERMARKEr STRELT, SHOP with HOUSE. HORSEMARKET STREET, corner of Lyme-st.—Finest Corner SHOP in Warrington. OLD CROW YARD. Market Gate, 3 Storey Warehouse. suit Plumber, Painter, Joiner, &c., £l5. ARKET GATE, finest suite of OFFICES in town, on lvi first floor. BANK STREET. OFFICES, £5 a room. pENKETH, Several COTTAGES, 4s. 9d., 3s. 9d., and 2s. 6d. per week. riROGHALL-LANE (top of Allen-street).—Good corner I: SHOP, with ce'lar and dwelling-house, five bedrooms, bath (hot and cold water), w.c., &c. Apply, ROBERT Lows. Estite Agent, Market Gate Chambers Warrington. Telephone—No. 55.

SHOPS & HOUSES TO LRT or SOLD with sea and moon- tain view at Colwyn.—Apply R. Eve.:gs, Mohreroft, Colwyn.

TO LET, Dwelling-house, HopwoodStreet, four bedrooms, rent be. Od.—Apply, Asirrox & Woon9. Solicitors, Iforsemarket-st , Warrington.

TO LET Large-roomed HOUSE, New; two sitting rooms, I bath, garden, &c.—Fearni,ead Cross, near Padgate Station.—Apply on Premises.

OUSB TO BB Ma, Carlton-terrace. Stockton Heath; . pleasant situation; rent moderate; 3 bedrooms, 2 sitting-rooms, cellar, and scullery. Apply JAMES WAR- BURTON.

TO BE LET, good HOUSE, Leburnurn Villa, Whitefield- rd., Stockton Heath, hot and cold water, bath, w.c., &c., £2B per vear.—Apply, JOHN HEDGCOCIE, The Granlze, Stockton Heath.

HOUSH TO LT.-63, Bewsey-st.; capital Dwelling House; 4 bedrooms, bathroom. hot and cold water, wardrobe, 2 entertaining rooms, &c.; reduced rent.—Particu- lars, Taos. COWD.ELL. Estate agent, 45, Scotland-road Cham- bers, Warrington.

- TENTS ON FLRE. J. LANGDON & SONS, TENT MANUFACTURERS AND GOVERNMENT CONTRACTORS, Have 1,000 TENTS, 131,133, BLA..NKETS. AC., of every size rnd description, ON HIRE. at marvellously low rates, WAREHOUSE 2 TO 8, MIL-SON-STREET (Corner of Duke-st ). LIVERPOOL. T ARGE Single GIPSY or d'Abri, 15tt. by 13ft. These are .2-4 durable and well-made tents, quite new, very handsornt-ly lined, making complete double tent; this ensures the requisite ventilation and protection front weather; price ES 10s. to £6 10s. complete ; all noise, pegs, ropes, ; cost EIS ; or on hire. LANGDON and Soics.

MARQUEE TENTS, magnificent condition, quite equal to new, with walls, and complete with guys. pegs. &c., &c., 6ft. by 61t., £2 65.; 16ft. by 81t., £5 10s. ; 32ft. by 16ft., 210 10s. ; 431 t. by lfif. -., £l7 10s. ; or on hire. LANGDON.S.

NTAVY SERGE.—" Indigo Blue," as supplied to the II English Navy. Best material ever manufactured for ladies' and children's wear; 31 incises wide, Is. sd. per yard. Army Grey Government Shirting and Flannel, I0,11(1. and Is. 2d. per yard. Navy White Flannei, is. 14. per yard, J. LANGDON and Solis.

rATERPROOFS.—These Celebrated Gentlemen's liegu- latton Invernesses and Coats, with or without capes, latest fashionable cut, guaranteed waterproof and fast colours, sewn seams and each seam lined, perfect ventilation, with or without velvet collirs, are without question the most perfect Macintoch ever manufactect. Price, any size, 255. 6d. ; usually sold at 655. INo one should purchase a Macintosh until they have inspected these. Thousands of references. J. LANGDON nnd SONS. Government Contractors, corner Dnlre-street and Nelson-street, Liverpool. Telephone 2,106. N.B.—Country customers need otaly send height and chest measure. Fit guaranteed.

GEORGE JACKSON. PAWNBROKE JEWELLER, AND SILVERSMITH, 59, AND 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY, Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING, CHINA, GLASS, GUNS. and MUSICAL IN- STRUMENTS of every Deecription. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

M A GoNlals Ns' I CoEi iNtT mlitietvaid dt Payments taken. somely carved English Gold frame. Best English plate glass equal to new unscratched, cost six pounds, size 54 .02 19s. 6D. by 41. - Only -VERY Han ?some Machine Head V MANDOLINE, two coloured Payments taken. woods, very sweet instrument, cost 12s. 6D. one guinea. Only

-IVIRST-CLASS English SILVER .1. LEVER WATCH, by "C-, H. Payments taken. lye, of London," in splendid going order, white dial, dust and air tight eases, jewelled with rubies, cost when new five pounds ten, warranted for five years. See this bargain, will 17s. D. sacrifice for Only

LADY'S exceedingly handsome solid gold NECKLET, each link Payments taken. beautifully engraved with a rose leaf, comparatively new, cost five pounds. 365. 6.. Only

HNTS' very highly finished Gold Lever WATCH, three-quarter Payments taken. plate movement,chronometer balance, jewelled with rubies, engine turned case, white dial, written guarantee for five years. Just forfeited. Only SECOND-HAND Gents' very pretty solid gold albert, with solid gold Payments taken. medal attached, both are equutl to 35s new. Only

HAVING purchased an entirely new stock of OILCLOTHS, two Payments taken. yards wide, which for quality, beauty of patterna and price have never been equalled. Any length cut per lineal S. D. or running yard. Only

)LAUD'S IRON PILLS (P.P.) enrich blood. beautify complexion; gress, post free 18.—INMAN and Co., Edinburgh.

LI LAZING LINEN like china without polishing irons, ki simple, inexpensive, four stamps.—P., 263, Buxton Road, Stockport.

TAKE CARE of your TEETH. Recipe for cheap and. _L. effective cleanser. Four stamps, ALSTON; 95, Queen's- rd., Blackburn.

QPLENDIDLY Fitted BEERHOIS,tE ; good concert room; k 7 every convenience; good trade.—Apply 17, Clopton-st., Huhne, Manchester.

ON SALE, MANURE WORKS, Widnes, and Gas Works and Cotton Mill, Derbyshire.—Apply to J. HOSKIN°, 16, Fenwick -Street, Liverpool,

VCZEMA.—`• BISHOP'S ZELAH " Lotion instantly 14 Believes and Cures all Skin Disease.—Post free, is. 23. 9d.—J. BISHOP, Hatfield, Doncaster.

GS, THOCSERINGS, from 1/3 yard double; virite tor patterns. Special lines in Friezes. Special prices to Tailors. —ltFattiart'r CLOTH Co., 315, Hunslet lioad, Leeds.

DARTNERSHIP.—Patentee of a new and much improved CORKDRAWER for hotels, sc., are prepared to dispose ot rights or form company.-31c5IILLAN, 1, Harriugtou-st:, Liverpool.

TOOTHACHE, certain cure. Send is. 6d. postal order for _L genuine recipe to ALF. FRUIN, 15, Adelaide-road, Shep- herd's Bush, London, W. P.O.'s made payable at starch Green. (Name paper.)

PPATCHW ORE:. —5O pieces silk, satin. brocade. velvet, is. Bd. or is. 2d. ; print pieces (good parcel) Is. 7d. ; par- cels for bazaar work and doll draping 3s. 6d.—STACEY, London-road, Southampton.

pIIOTOGRAPHY made easy, illustrated catalogue (sent free) of Amateur Photographer's Requisites—new and second-hand—cheapest house in the trade. The Photographic Depot, 71, Oatord-st., Manchester. (All Saints).

FFOUND, a way to make One Found go as far as Three. The most wonderful Stock of Gentlemen's and Boys' Cloth- ing in Liverpool. Gent's Dress Suits on hire, 3s. to ss. per day. .—ELWOOD, 164, London-road, Liverpool.

TOHN LOWE, Fire and Thief-proof SAFE MAKER, has ON SALE Milner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others ; new and second-hand ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from. —3B. Albert-street. King-street West, Manchester.

IM PO WEAN T TO FAEDIERS AND ESTATE AGENTS, and other a. On t..ALE a large quantity of Posts, Rails, Gates, etc.; Boards and Scantlings,—J. MArraEws, Marsh- street Saw Mills, near the Cemetery, Warrington.

MUSSELS, MUSSELS.—To Fishmongers and Hawkers I will send good fresh mussels at 2.1. per bag during the winter months, clean and well picked ; cash with order. —Address W. SznmoEn,Ranson Villa, Skirbeck, near Boston, Lincolnshire.

DUGS t RUGS t! Good all wool, Bft. long, 6ft. wide, IL and weigh over four pounds. Government grey, only been used a little, much better than common new. I will send one, post free, for 3s.—Prom 11. J. GASSON, Governmeat Contractor, Rye.

DRESS SUITS, 20s. excellent condition. Few special Misfits, from 30s. ; Coats, 10s. and 12s. Suits on hire, from 3s. per day. Gentlemen's Misfits and Second-hand Clothing of every description always in stock.—Er.woon 164. London-road, Liverpool.

-ILICZENIA.—" Dr. Wilson's Eczema Cure" immediately _12.1 relieves irritation and pain and speedily cures the most obstinate Skin Diseases, when other means signally fail. Jars is. 114. ; treble size, Zs. 9d. At moat chemists, or post free, direct from 20, Fordharn-st., Liverpool.

TO BE SOLD.—Three GREENHOUSES, situate Queen's Park. St. Helens. Two 40 yards long, one 3G yards long. 131 t 6in. each; fitted throughout with 4in. hot water pip.ng. ground ai•out four thousand yards.—Apply WILLLM ON. Recleston Arms Hotel, Prescot Road, St. Helens.

TT 00K! LOOK I LOOK ! t Greatest Bargains on Earth. 10,000 WATERPROOF HOODS and CAPES. Purchased from the Government. Cost 7s. 6d, each. I will send a Hood and Cape for 24 atarrtps post free. Quite new, but put out of servine.--Hr. join.; GassoN, Government Con- tractor, Rye.

(iZEIN and SCORBUTIC DISEASES such as ECZEMA, kJ SCURF, SYCOSIS (Barber's Itch), PIMPLES and other eruptions cured by " ENGLAND'S OINTMENT."— Has cured cases of long standing, after medical rren have failed Per Box is. 41d. By Post 18.6 p. From E. ENGLAND, Liscard, Liverpool.

HEIGHT INCREASED.—Three inehes without fear of detection by PINET'S Elevators (Patented). Can be worn ill any Boot or Shoe. Awarded Gold Medal, Paris, Caution—only obtainable, PINET, E., 56, Berner's-st.,Oxford- st., London, W. Pamphlet and Testimonials one stamp. Note MOW people increased their height last year by Pinet's Elevators.

KILLED by SANFORD'S RAT POISON, which is said by by and others to be the best ever introduced, as they find the rats dead. Hundreds of testimonials from. farmers and others. Also poison, for killing Moles, a New Discovery, answers well. Land infested with these pests can be spe.dily cleared by using SANFORD'S MOLE POISON. Price of either of above. Is. 2d.. is 6d..25. 6d..55., post free, of SANFORD and SON, Sandy Beds. Sok' by Chemists.

" THAT'S WHAT I GET FOR MY PAINS,' as the Cyclist said, when rubbing with r_i_IBSON'S FAMOUS EMBROCATION.—BottIes is. 11..„ kfi 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d., post free.—GIBSON'S EMBROCATION COMPANY, Queen's Avenue, Castle-st., Liverpool. SOLD at BOOTS, Cash Chemist, Bridge-st., Warrington.

A WARDED FIRST PRIZE MEDAL, Adelaide 11. Jubilee Exhibition, 1887, and Sydney Centenary Exhibition, 1888. —TO PICTURE FRAME MAHER'S AND DECORATORS. -- Cheapest Houle in London for English and Foreign Picture Frame and Room Mouldings —all the newest designs. Two million feet always in SrA..2k, IT,.neered and fancy wood mouldings, etc. Picture frames of every description, oleographs,&c. Further reduction in prfces. Wholesale Carver and Gilder. Every requisite for the trade and exportation. Special attention to country and shipping orders. .Full particular; in pattern book and catalogue (85 pages 4to demy revised for 1891) for 3d. stamps.—H. MORELL, 17 and 13, Great St. Andrew-rt., Bloomsbury, London. Telegraphic address "Rabbitry." London. Stock lists and prices of glass monthly. free.

910 SKIPMAKERS AND OTHERS.—ON SALE, 100 1 Tons CANE, WILLOWS, HAZELS. &c.—G. M. JONES, 11, Victoria Bridge, Manchester.

rpo PURNITURic REMOVERS, GARDENERS, AND OTHERS,—MATS, MATS, from 3s. Gd. per dozen. G. M. JONES, 11, Victoria Bridge, Manchester.

HURDLES, WOOD HURDLES.—G. M. JONFS, 11. Victoria Bridge, opposite the Old Church late 40, Deansgate.

V EAST EAST, YEAST.— Wholesale Dept all Brands; 1. established 1848.-4. M. JONES, 11, Victoria Bridge, Manchester.

FOR SPECIAL BARGAINS IN SECONDHAND FURNITURE Call at CHARLES GIBSON'S THE WELL KNOWN BONA-FIDE ADVERTISER, PAWNBROKER, JEWELLER, SILVERSMITH, AND GENERAL HOUSE FURNISHER, 31, BRUNSWICK-ROAD LIVERPOOL. HIGH-CLASS GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES DIAMOND AND OTHER JEWELLERY. PIANOS by all the leading Makers. Numerous Testimonials showing the Good Value we give.

WALNUT AMERICAN PIPE ORGAN. Original owner paid 38 guineas. 214 12s. 6d. (taken in exchange).—Tligh-class solid walnut AMERICAN ORGAN, standing sft. Gin. high and 4ft. long, by renowned maker, nine very hand- somely decorated pipes. three beautiful, bevelled plate-glass mirrors, music rest, side ornaments, two knee swells and extra powerful complete set of stops, viz.—bass coupler, sub- base, dulcet, diapasm. principal forte, vox humans, forte, dulciana, dolce, vox celeste, and treble coupler. Guaranteed sound and perfect. A stamped warranty given. New early this year, and cost 38 guineas. My price £l4 12s. 6d. Pay- ments or cash. Gibson's, 31, Brunswick-road, Liverpool.

GENT'S £25 GOLD ENGLISH LEVER HUNTING WATCH, FROM THOMAS RUSSELL t SON. R 8 lise.ve'rge;itinntein Hunting o r.,fiVAt enftr'os from t those magnificentwe Englishll knm Liverpool makers, Thomas Russell and Son; superb gold movement, ruby jewelled, chronometer balance, and every known improvement, fully capped in extra heavy solid 18- carat gold hunting cases. A written guarantee for thirty years' good timekeeping. Just fancy, cost new £25. Gib- son's price .f.B 15s. Payments or cash as convenient to pur- chaser. 31, Brunswick-road, Liverpool.

GOOSE FEATHER BED, BOLSTER, and TWO PILLOWS, FROM ORMSKIRK. Cost new £5 15s. 54/6- and(out two g 1 epj fa-04 rsa Dian Featherpur e l linen ,BOLSTER,ck. v,it sides. Guaranteed good clean feathers. The lot complete for 545. 6d. Payments or cash. Gibson's, 31, Brunswick-road, Liverpool.

PIANO, BY ROBERT WOOD, LONDON, l'ormer owner paid 45 guineas. 24 7'. 6d. (extra special). secondhand.--Magnificent PIANOFORTE by this famous London maker, Robert Wood, rich, powerful tone, ivory keys, harpsichord action, and all improvements; guaranteed sound and perfect. A stamped s%arranty for twenty years. Tuned, polished, and delivered free. Payments 2s. 6d. weekly. Gibson's, 31, Brsmswick-road. Liverpool.

TEMPTING OFFER TO A WORKINGMAN. 24/6-c( ciTrotnoof gprlaepd6)B.t—opGeL'aT%gilli-classpsi ecneclaitdrlev. esecondsextra jewelled i-plate gold movement, gold balance, timed and rated to the 300th part of a minute, with centre seconde, out- side stop, and all improvements, in stout heavy cases. A written guarantee for thirty years, together with very mas- sive solid curb Albert. The lot 245. 6d. Cost original owner 51 guineas. Easy payments taken. 31, Brunswick-road, Liverpool.

PARLOUR SUITE, FROM GRASSENDALE, TO ORDER FOR £22. R6l2s. 6d. (taken in exchAnge).—Superlor high-class PARLOUR SUITE, beautifully upholstered (not soiled) in solid aalnut frames. The suite complete, compris- ing couch, lady's and gent's emies, and set of small chairs, only £6 12s. 64. A tempting sacrifice. Gash or easy pay- ments. 31, Brunswick-road. Liverpool.

MUSICAL BOX. COST SIX MONTHS AGO £1.5 10s. 64/6—(Genuine' bargain). Magnificent MUSICAL BOX, playing eight very popular airs, with three visible be;ls, which can be connected or disconnected as re- quired, in very handsome large size ebonised case, beautifully inlaid. A genuine forfeit. Gibson's price 645. 6d. Cash or easy payments. 31, Brunswick-road, Liverpool.

CONTENTS OF KITCHEN, VALUED AT £6 ss. 52/6—(Very special).—Grand full-size Kitchen Sofa, with loose seat and two pillows, good strong Arm Chair, Lady's Nursery Chair, three small Chairs to match. together with full-size Hearthrug. This grand lot only 525. 6d. Gibson's easy payments.

SILVER LEVER HUNTING WATCH. FROM THOMAS RUSSELL & SON, CHURCH-STREET. COST £6 Ios. 58/6—fforeferi.sted)6:o7Teieaof this Silver faT,eovuesr Huntingver il WATCHES (new this year), superior full jewelled quarter- plate gold movement, with chronometer balance, expensive ruby jewels, tempered for any climate and keeping dead gun time, in extra heavy plain solid silver hunting cases, with gold joints. A stamped guarantee for thirty years, together with Russell's own certificate for twenty-five years. Gibson's price only £2 18s. 6d. Weekly or monthly payments. 31, Brunswick-road, Liverpo,l.

COTTAGE PIANOFORTE. Late owner paid 45 guineas. EiQ 158—(A sacrifice.—Magnificent high-class Cottage PIANOFORTE, by leading maker handsome case, ivory keys, check action, and all the newest improvements, only just out of pledge. Tuneci, re-polished, and delivered free. Rare opportunity, for £8 155.• A chance never before offered. A stamped warranty for 25 years. See our new payment system. 31, Brunswick-road. Liverpool.

SOLID WALNUT OVERMANTEL. Cost new 755. 28/6-4.F.1i? /j—(Special beautiful plates, and numerous shelves and brackets. The original itai ;Intl bevelledO VR- owner paid 75s ; my price 28s 6d. Cash on easy payments at 31, Brunswick-road, Liverpool.

WONIDEILFUL VALUE FOR A WORKINGMAN. c)a / 10—(A forfeit)..—First-elass English-finished Pateut V/ *3 Lever WATCH, beautifully well-finished move- ment, chronometer balance, jewelled throughout, capital timekeeper, unbreakable crystal glass, in stout heavy cases. A written guarantee for twenty years ' • together with heavy solid silver curb Albert, stamped by Government on every link. The lot honestly wortla £5 10s. Gibson's price only 263 9d. Cash or payments. 31, Brunswick-road, Liverpool.

3v,, (well worth £6lo).—Magnificent solid mahogany 1 P CHEST of DRAWERS ; taken in exchange; no worse than new. Gibson's price 37s 6d. Cash or easy pay- ments. 31. Brunswick-road, Liverpool.

75/—(liare chance).—Splendid pair of solid mahogany DUCHESS& TABLES. Dressing Table with large swinging plate-glass mirror, jewel drawers. tc., Washst tnd with very massive solid marble slab. The pair cost 51 guineas, Gibson's price 755. Payments or cash.

MARVELLOUS BARGA IN TO A WORKINGMAN. SILVER ENGLISH LIWER WATCH. BY HENRY MELLING. Made to Order for 9 guineas. gl2s. 6d (taken in exehange).—Gent's high-class Silver t/ English Lever WATCH, by that famous Liverpool maker, Henry Melling. magnificent full jewelled hand-made English lever movements, capped and jewelled all through with costly ru'ales, keeping time to a minute a minute a month, with all this noted maker's own improvements. Guaranteed to Rive thirty years' perfect satisfaction. A stamped warranty given. My price £.3 12s. 6d. Weekly payments. 31, Brunswick-roan, Liverpool.

CONTENTS OF PARLOUR.—COST NKW 75 GUINEAS. 15s. —(A Forfeit,)— Magnifieent PIANO, well- V known maker, powerful sweet tone, ivory keys, full compass, and all improvements. in very fine handsome case; also Walnut PARLOUR SUITE, consisting of couch, lady's and gent's moles and set of small chairs, large size Brussels carpet, very pretty velvet hearthrug, solid brass rail fender and fire-irons. The lot only £l5 15s. Grand opportunity. Cash or easy payments. 31, Br uns wick- road, Liverpool. 11/9—(Genuine Sacrifice). Handsome Pair of Solid Gold EARRING-S, studded with two real first- water diamonds (without flaw or blemish) ; guaranteed. Original owner paid 3k guineas. Gibson's Price us. 9d. Cash or payments.

kAN SALE. FISHING BOAT, splendid condition, all corn- k...P ptete, 31ft. on keel ; prioe £4O.—RIB, 128,Virginia-st, Southport.

WELL BUILT COITAGE PROPERTY FOR SALE in lots to suit purchasers.—Apply 9, Froghall-lane, Warrington.

TOOTHACHE.— Why Suffer ? Perfect Cure without extraction or drugs. Seven stamps. —ALsTox, 95, Queen's-rd., Blackburn.

MANUFACTURERS Remnants in Stuffs, Calicoes, Cash- meres, Velvets, Flannels, &c. ; 10lb bundles • cheap ; price list free.—W. C14111(.9014', merchant, 41, Swain-street, Bradford.

GOOD STRAW MANURE put on rail 3s. 6d. per ton; Sawdust Manure 2s. 64. Business TRAP equal to new £7.—PETER JOHNSON, 15, West Stanley-st., off Regent-road, Saltord.

RINGWORAC—Durden's Celebrated Lotion cures the . worst cases in a few days. Chemists, is. 11d„ post free is. RDWARDB and Co., 17, Findon Road, Ux- briAge Road, London.

tJBitELLA.S Re-covered with real Gloria Silk, any size, 3s. A first-class tassel presented with each re-cover at the Manchester and Liverpool, 17, Great George-st., Liver- pool. Umbrellas sent post free.

WALKER'S SPECIFIC FOR PILES.—A Certain safe and speedy remedy. Berelicial to the gPneral health. Cures constipation. Invaluable to ladies. In boxes. is. 11d.. and 2s. 91.. of most chemists ;by post is. 3d. and 2s. 11d.— WALKER, 15, Charlotte-st., Landport.

runit KNOCKABOUT WATCH, invaluable to workmen, J. boys, and cyclists. an exsellent and guaranted time- keeper. hundreds sold wee ,lv, strongest witch on earth. care, ullv packed post free 4s. 9d. - Postal orders to A. MARKS, 9, York-road, City-road, Lonaon.

LOOK! LOOK!! LOOK ill—Greatest Bargain on Earth. 10,000 WATBRPROOF HOODS and CAPES Pnr- abased from the Government. Cost 7s. 6d each. I will send a Hood and Cape for 24 stamps, post free. Quite new, but put out of service.—Hr. JoRN Gssaort, Government con- tractor, Rye. •

GUN. double-barrel. central fire, breech-loader. 12 bore. grand killing weapon, finest barrels, left choked, all other improvements of value ; substantial. reliable, and well- tested article in leather case, with cartridge belt sad cart- ridges all perfect, and carriage paid. 3 guineas cash.—SERGT. WARRILOW. Royal Wilts Yeomanry Cavalry, Chippenham, Wilts.

CAUTION. ATARlNt.EneaSTagOarinEst DpuErAchL.EZS saAndiKsObteahernsg are u mark, viz. :—•• Carter and Son, Drid4e-street, Warrington." Such Sacks not having been charged for are our property.— Any person buying, selling, or illegally detaining the same after this notice will be prosecuted.

LADIES' SCHOOL,NELCH.ET _HOUSE, LYTHAM. —lnclusive terms, special for cl,rgv, references to parents, vacancy for articleg pupil.—Principals, the Misses lIALKET (Miss. S. Halket,L.L.A.)

EP WORTH COLLEGE, RHYL.—A Modern School for Boys. Thorough English and Commercial Education. Conversational French and German. Sea and mountain air. Comfortable home. Prospectus of the 'lran 141.AsTER.

MISS LEILA BAIRSTOW, L.C.M., Pupil of Signor Manari Mocea, visits Warrington to give LESSONS in Singing and Voice Production on the best English and Italian Methods. Schools attended and Amateurs Coached for Concerts; for terms, ac., apply Mr. PEARSON, 10, Bold-st.

SOUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL. Head Master—Mr. J. C. UNDERWOOD, A.C.P., VERY SUCCESSFUL SCHOOL. RECENT HONOURS AT EXAMINATIONS. Education thoroughly modern and comprehensive. Recently Removed to larger Premises in Pilkington-road (near St. Luke's Station). BOARDERS NOW RECEIVED. SPECIAL TERMS (inclusive) for a few Boarders. Prospectus, &c., on application to Head Master. TERM, BEGAN TUESDAY, September 18.

ZfrpritO, ta.ssfnetteo, zgt. 3 0-IN. WENTWORTH Front Driver, Crypto, two speed V ball bearing gear, Silvertown tyres ;£6 15s.—Sow, Junior, Billing Road, Northampton.

SLADE AND CO.'S CYCLES. THE ORIEL SAFETY, fitted with all up-to-date Improvements. PNEUMATIC TYRE s. PRICE ,tlO 10S. O. CUSHION TYRES Eel 10s. 73. BOLD-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

C. ANDERTON (late Anderton and Jude). 101, Dale- 1/. street, Liverpool, has TO LET genuine full-licensed PREMISES from £5O to £l,ooo.—Apply as above.

SUITA BLE Tenant required for old-established Corner SPIRIT VAULTS, 17, Stanhope-street. Easy terms. Rental £35.—E. C. ANDERTON, 101, Dale-street, Liverpool. RdB - North.—Well-fitted good business Free SPIRIT VAULTS, not changed hands many years, includ- ing fixtures, &c.—E. C. ANDERTON, 101, Dale-street, Liverpool.

ElOO.—Near Lime-street and Principal Stations.—Old- established Free SPIRIT VAULTS; retiring from business. Good trade —ANDERTON, 101, Dale-street, Liverpool.

L.—Excellent Free Corner SPIRIT VAULTS- :4V south end ; rental £45, including fixtures, fit, tings, Szc. ; rare opportunity.—E. C. ANDERTON, 101, Dale-st. Liverpcol.

g 425.—Superior handsomely-fitted Free SPIRII VAULTS; main. thoroughfare; good billiard rooms ; tablys, all fixtures, ac., included.—ANDERTON, 101, Dale-street. Liverpool.

HOOPER AND SIMMONS COACH BUILDERS, • 6, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES at Moderate Prices. Good Stock to select from. Estimates for Repairs given free. The beet work only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams, Landaus, Victoria., Wagonettes, and Pluetons, now for Sala or Hire.

AHKCOLL'S Black and White OILS for Horses and Cattle. Estabhshed 50 years. Agents wanted. High. Commis- sion.--Arldress ARKCOLL and Co., Leek.

DOG OWNERS' Nam. and Address Engraved One Shilling. Dog Collars for Sale. Coal Dealers' Labels wholesale and retail.—HALL, 53. Paradise-street. Liverpool.

EXCELLENT Miniature BROUGHAM (seat four). built by Mulliner, silver fittings, double lever brake, fitted for one or pair, in first-class order, private property ; will be sold for £65. coat 160 guineas.—Apply, GEORGE and C 0.,. 221, Scotland-rd.,. Liverpool.

- ON SALE, horizontal BOILER, double riveted. 15ft. by sft., in good condition. Also horizontal ENGINE. 12in. cylinder, 21t. stroke, the best in England. Also Saw- Bench, Pulleys, Shafting, and Belting.—Apply JAS. TURNER,. King-st., Blackburn.

66 ni R." GAS RNGINRS ; sizes from 1 to 10-h.p. in JLL . stock; combines the latest improvements —" Otto cycle," tube ignition, self-contained water tank; simple and compact.—WlLLlAM BUTTERWORTH and SON, Showrooms, King-street West,. Manchester, Representatives. for Lanca- shire.—Nomus and HENTr, Lira., London, Proprietors.

WE LET STONE-BREAKERS, all types, with Steel or Iron Frames; also MORTAR MILLS, CON- CRETE MIXERS, DISINTEGRATORS. and GRINDING MACHINERY, and PORTABLE ENGINES en Hire with option of purchase. New and second-hand, ready for de- livery,—S. MssoN and Co., Brandon-at., Leicester.

ST. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS LIMITED (late Ormerod, Grierson, and Co. Limited), Hulme, Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS, Millwright, and all kinds of Engineeeing Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appli• eation.—Telepbone 229.

rpwo Cornish BOILERS, 14ft. Toy sft. 6in., 12ft. by sft., in- sured at 651 b. and 701 b. pressure ; Vertical Boilers, from 2 h.p. to 8 h.p.; One 8 h.p. Portable Engine, One Vertical Engine. 10in. cylinder,lBin. stroke; Two Boiler Shells, 30ft. by 7ft. ; One Wrought-iron Cistern, 14ft. long, 6ft. wide, 4ft. 6in. deep; Saw Bench, 51t. by 2ft. 2in., 6 in. saw, 5 in. Groov- ing Saw, 3 in. Emery Wheel.—Apply to WILLIAM STEWART, Leigh, Lancashire.

WANTED, the following MACHINERY ; must be modern and very cheap. 8-10-12-14-16-18 and 20-inch Horizontal Engines, Steam Boilers to suit; Mortar Mills all sizes. Brick Machinery, Old Plants and Works. Give full particu- lars, prices. &a., to WitLism BlarrAnc, Stoke-on-Trent. TIOROVIDING I buy I will pay anyone a comthission who can inform me where there are any ENGINES, BOILERS, or any other MACHINERY, to be bought cheap. Applicants must state full particulars, which will be treated in confidence.—Apply WILLIAM BRITTAIN, Stoke-on-Trent, PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BRISTOL. Have in Stock ready fcr immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particulars on application.

I TENT OF FICF MANCHESTER, BeTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES A SON have ha,l more than 40 years' personal eiperience in connection with this Establish- ment, and possesa practical knowledge of the-cotton, woollen, and iron manufactures. "Self-he!p to the New Patent Law," price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws." price is. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON, P.1.P.A., M.S.A„ 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

11ELL'S ASBESTOS PACKED WATER GAUGES, BELL'S ASBESTOS PACKED COCKS AND VALVES APe the Best Fittings in the Market. When ordering new boilers, steam users should indent for !tad insist upon having these instead of antiquated and unre- liable patterns. A Sample Set of Gauges or a Cock will be supplied on a two months' trial. Illustrated Priced Catalogue post free from PUTZ, CURPHRY AND CO., THE ASBESTOS, INDIA RUBBER AND ENGINEER'S STORES, WAREHOUSE, 2, STRAND-ST., JAMES-ST., LIVERPOOL, Telellione. 1078. Telegrams, ASBESTOS—Liverpocl.

TUCK AND Co., Limited. INDIA RUBBER A PURE ASBESTOS GOODS. LEATHER BELTING. HAIR AND COTTZN BELTING LACES, &a. Guaranteed quality. Lace, Thread, or Copper Sewn. or CEMENTED ONLY. BONA FIDE MANUFACTURERS. 42, Chapel Street, Liverpool, Also at 35, Market Street, Pdanchester. Loudon, Car.lirf, Newport, and Dublin, LEATHER MMES. LIVERPOOL.

Telepie ROBERT LOWE, l N 0.55, STME AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. OFFI 'mg—Market Gate Chambers, } Virarrington. A.ucTi.'m Rooms—No. 2 ,Uank Street AGENf 70-Bun Fire anti Life Office, London, Establish& 1710. Norwich .3-14 London (Accidsirt Plate Glass, Fidelity Otrar- anteo and Ifrtnioyers' Liabiln.-,) Insurance Associatlon. Established 185 e: Imperial Live ,St,yek Insurance Atzscelltion Limited. Es- tablished 1878. National Boiler Insmance Company, Limited. Established , 1864.

DIAMOND and GOLD JEWELLERY. iIIESDAY NEXT, and three following days, at the MART, 37, CORPORATION- STREET, MANCHESTER, at 11 each day. yiR WILLIAII ELLIS will SELL BY AUCTION .111 .a valuable Stock of DIAMOND and GOLD JEWEL- LERY, View Monday next, and mornings of Sale.

WARRINGTON. BY ORDER OF THE MORTGAGEES. VALUABLE LEASEHOLD COTTAGE PROPERTY, TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION, by 'UR. THOMAS TUNSTALL, of the firm of T. —IL and J. L. Tunstall and Co., at the BLUE BELL INN, WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAY, the 24th day of OcTo 1894, at 4 for 5 p.m. prompt in the following or such other lots as may be declared at the time and place of sale, and subject to the Public Sale Conditions of the Incorporated Law Society of Liverpool and to such other special conditions as shill be then produced and read. NINE LEASEHOLD COTTAGES Nos. 33 to 49 (odd numbers inclusive) Nicholson Street, Warrington, in the cccupation of Edward Archibald, Israal Perrin, William Mitchell and others. The tenure is leasehold for the residue of a term of 995 years from the 25th day of March, 1875, at an annual ground rent of £ll The property is well built and in a good locality. For further particulars apply to the AUCTIONEERS, Bewsey Chambers, Warrington or to MESSRS. A. & J. E. FLETCHER, Solicitors, Northwicb.

50 and 52, SANDY LANE. SKELMERSDALE, MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1894, at 12 noon prompt. OLIVER GEE respectfully announces in,truc- tions from Mr. J. Rowe who is giving up the Grocery and Provision Business to SELL BY AUCTION, without reserve, the whole of the STOCK-IN-TRADE, FIXTURES, FITTINGS, HORSE, CARTS, &c., com- prising, useful Grey MARE, good goer, well- known in district; two sets good Van HARNESS, Handsome Alexandra DRAG (by Pearson, of Liverpool) ; strong SPRING CART (by Coleburn and Sons, of Liverpool) ; good covered Two-wheel VAN (by Williams, of Wigan). A well-built Timber STABLE and COACHHOOSE, with loft; corrugated iron roof made in segments. tongued and grooved. GENERAL STOCK OF GROCERY, Seeds, Drapery, Earthenware, Clothing, Smallwares, Tea Cannis- tars, Coffee Mill, equal to new, Counters. Fixtures, Fittiugs, Scales, Binns, Baker's Utensils, Tins, &c., Good Currant and Raisin Cleaner, Dations, Tables, &c., also Mahogany Couch, Hat Stands, Chairs, Clock, Capital Tailor's Sewing Machine. Pictures, Chests of Drawers, Blankets, large quantity of Tailor's Cuttings in 301 b. and 4010. bags, and an immense quantity ot General Meets. The Auctioneer requests a prompt attendance on account of the large number of lots, the whole of which will tie sold without reserve as Mr. Rowe is giving up the Grocery Business. Please note the Horse and Vehicles will be sold in Smith- at. adjoining, at 3 p.m. Further particulars apply OLIVER GEE. Auctioneer and Valuer, 4 and 5, Mesnes-st., Wigan.

t THOMAS viOWDELL. ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, OFFICES AND SALEROOM, SCOTLAND ROAD CHAMBERS, 45, SCOTLAND ROAD, WARRINGTON. Furniture on SALE by Private Treaty. INSPECTION INVITED.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Cure Headache and Sickness. Cure Indigestion. Cure Flatulence And Heartburn. Cure all Bilious Affections.

DR. ScoTrs PILLS Are a Tonic Purifier. Strengthen the Whole System. Induce Cheerfulness. Invaluable as a Family Medicine.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Cure Loss of Appetite. Cure Depression of Spirits. Cure aU Disorders of the Blood. Cure Lassitude and Nervousness.

r-v. SCOTT'S, BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS. Il Are wrapped in a square green package. bearing the name of the proprietor. W. LAMBE:HT, 173, Seymour Place, London. W., by post for 14 or 34 stamps.

Tll E EX AMINE R • SATURDAY. OCTOBER 13, 1894.

TOLD MEDAL DIETETIC TEAS. SPECIALLY RECOMMENDED TO DYSPEPTICS, and a great boon to any who hive been denied the use of other teas by their Medical Advisers. HENRY MILLING & CO. LTD. 'MERCHANTS, WARRINGTON.

YOUNG PEOPLES' SOCIETY OF CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOUR. , CONFERENCE AT NEWTON. In connection with the Warrington and District kssociation of Young Peoples' Societies of Christian 'eavour, a convention was held in the Congre- , Ent, ~1 Schoolroom,Newton,on Thursday afternoon, gaitoß, -e was a large attendance of representatives when the 'ions branches of the Association. . '-ree a devotional meeting was held,con- from the vat. J. T. Camm of Go'borne. At four At half.pest ti... was opened by the Rev. E.T.Reed ' ducted by thel ;Retr. ddress on the object and aims . o'clock the Conterettre . Under the Distingnishe i Patronage of His Grace the Duke of Warrington, ia it ti4lise A ,rwards read a powerful of Westminister ;J. T. Brunner, Esq., M.P.; and Sir Joseph of the Association mcieties in relation to Barnby. Mus. Do 3. Mrs. D. Morris of l(faftfroaita., -ley, of Latchford. PRESIDENT: P. SPEAKMAN, Esq.. J.P., C.C. paper on "Christian EudeaVhtite*-„ flan Endeavour On WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 17th, junior branches:" Thtigesr. Y . Vik:- vas . "lovd-Jones A GRAND BALLAD CONCERT Will be held in the PUBLIC HALL, RUNCORN. submitted an interesting'paperen,"'.'k ..._ -your ARTISTES : Societies in relation to ail Chttetlll-k 'a *. ''..-,-.li, ' Miss EATON, of the London, Mtnchester and Glasgow tr..L..' istiAl ~1.,„ of Widnes,contributed a paper ory"oel h •61c4rof --sneerts ; Mr. JOHN POWNALL, principal tenor of the t e . 1, ••• . Societies in relation to the w`orld.!i. 4,14 e Hicks Opera Co.; Mr. STANLEY COOKSON. bass o t*-4) '. I i.e. Conference a tea and social rsr-unionit lace' sl,-hlic - NEEDHAM, from Sir Charles Halle's Orchestra. of 100 persons being present. I 10,. In the evening a public tneeting'WAS heia,"'‘ the school- k V. L. _ er by the -- TDITIo/ HOLPORD. L.TAd. I CoNntterdit : bered), 33. ; reserved seats; room, a very large audience being., pretidedi :ft,. . 1 Iby the ACCOMPANIST: Mrs. W. 33. ' Rev. James Alintt. The meeting' wee oilletets op,enn:act e7n-ltsm, cChoanicresr(tnauttn. singing of a hymn and prayer, after Which, . Doors The Ce iirman announced that he had receiirei sl• t.elc- Admissi, wits, is. ;back seats, 65. i!autist. gram fr,in the Rev: LJ. Muir, of Liverfrode„. gess 'mg 25.; second et. -11amy's. -- that he was unable to be present, owing' toincliSps /- Plan at Mr. ik tion, a fiet which her the Chairman,. deeplY regrttece, • - He said he felt hinaself entirely out place in relation, ti) that great movement if he was not in a front position;. and to speak of the work el the young people's S-ociety of Christian Endeavour in, terms other than praise. He had to thank the committee for the honor they bad' conferred in selecting Mewton-le-Wililows' as the place for their first Autumnal Convention,. They, of Newton,on their part, had unitted to give them as warm, a welcome as they possibly c'etrld, and he hoped they would leave that place with a desire to retum to it at no distant date. (Applause.) ha the intereete of. the Society of Christian Endeavour they were united toge- ther that night. He could testify that there had been endeavour, where there had been mo endeavour at all before, and that the endeavour had been Ct.rStian endeavour, and he thought that w'as' a work which all who were engaged in connection with the religious educa- tion of the young should greatly reit:ire in. Let '.:l,:em remember what the moral of the society was, it waaifor Christ and for the church,and if they kept that in vlew he thought they would not' go very far wrong. (Hear, hear.) He had sometimes been asked what was the attraction which- gathered the , younc, people together week after week, and he woe pleased to be able to answer that the attrattion was ther meeting itself, there being no amusement la any shape or form. He thought that was a Very encburagiiv,' fact indeed. cApplause.) Their society had helped to very greatly e:nphasise the teaching of the char and of the Sunday school, and he rejoiced that ,even among the little children connectei with that place as- -yell as the young peo2lerthere existed the motto" Whit wilt thou have me t0.d0." He thought they had a great and i glorious fulUre in the Christian church in thil, country. (Applause.)' . 1 The Rev: Dt W. Iloberts of Warrington, reacrir report iin which he said that at the Conference held at 7.9"hrring- ;ton in Febraary last, their association comprted' nine ieecieties, with, at membership of 607 ; :331 active- mem- ' bers, /62 'associates, 44 honorary members. They-hat/ in he district now eleven societies ; Cengregationailt;tvro; -mitive Menodists,. two; independent Methatists,, ,two; Viresley;)n.,one ;.• Reformed, Church of &vitae,. n& ;Baptist, tkree. In connection with these eleven Secieties there were 4a active members, 160 assoc-lates, Whonorary marnbers, tutal 67. therefore they hred'an addition of two societies, and 03 memben, in six,. months.' iliactlip 100 active members lead kilned the cbureh during Ile past year, and they had in the district five' jinvenile braL, with a members3ipeof, M. Thern one striking fearare atbut the report was-that the increase was not anietrk asoeciates, or hcaorary :nembers,but =mew, the active members. Two and' a half years ago, there was onl* one.Sncietv in the.distriet., and that- Was at Newton-iii•-• Woollows, now there were- not it,SS- then 675 persces- direct/y connected with, this glorieus.movernent. (Pp, pla vase.) The Rev. E. T. Reed,.of Warrinenns. gave an address, on c''Clrristian Endeavour:- Aims; to. deepen Spiritual.. life," and a paper an "Christian ithdeamour Aims; to train for Christian .Soirviee.". An eibeittent address WESP also given by the R•evi Y. R.. Mergan on "Christian. Bridenvour Aims; te in soulS." after which a consecra- tion service was conducted by the Rlor: .7. R. Morgan.- A very successful gathering was brought to a close' the benediction.

From Pole to Pole

STOP ONE MOMENT! X " Oh dear, Doctor, what will you recommend for in Children's Coughs and Colds ? " TRY. TUDOR WILLIAMS' PATENT. BALSAM OF HONEY. The most marvellous Cure for all disorders of the Chest. Throat, and Lungs. It never fails to give instant relief, and does not cont tin Laudanum, Opium, or Morphia. ECONOMISE YOUR HEALTH. HEALTH. IS THE FIRST WEALTH. All who are engaged in outdoor and indoor occupation:anl. are especially (reposed to the ever-varying olimate of Great Britain, BE WISE IN TIME I Don't tamper with Danger. but go straight away for TUDOR WILLIAMS' PATENT BALSAM OF HONEY. IT IS INVALUABLE for weak-chested men, delicate women, and children. It cures when all other remedies fail. It cures Coughs, Colds, Bronchitis, Asthma. Tightness of the Chest. It cures thousands of children of Bronchitis and Whooping Coughs. It cures for One Shilling when Pounds have been spent in vain. DO TRY IT l If von have a Cough, try it; if you have a Cold, try it; if you have Bronchitis, try it. It loosens the Phlegm and pro- motes expectoration, produces warmth and comfort to the chest, and gives refreshing sleep when you have lost nights of rest, READ ON. NOW COMMENDED BY PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS. When yin are distressed by a miserable cold, nose bunged up, throat sore, limbs aching, with a general feeling of smothering, a few doses of the Balsam of Honey will clear the wretched symptons away almost before you know it. There is nothing like it on the market ; it is thoroughly up to date ;it trickles into all the system. A true friend, prompt and reliable in its action JUST ANOTHER WORD. When you ask or send for TUDOR WILLIAMS' PA.TENr BALSAM OF HONEY do not allow anybody to persuade you to purchase something else. If you do you simply throw off the genuine article and take on with a false one. Wonderful Cures Daily. Thousands of Testimoni..ls to hand from all parts of the World. READ ON PURTRER. SPONTANEOUS TESTIMONY WORTHY OF YOUR CONSIDERATION. wife desires me to say that your Tudor Williams, Balsam of Honey his proved a most valuable medicine in our large family (eight children). As soon as ta cough or it cold makes its appearance a dose of Tudor's Balsam is at once administered, and this treatment is followed up until the cokt disc pile krs. Before using the Balsam in our family the - • liave been prostrate with colds for several weeks, but by L king doses, as directed they seem to suffer veil little inconvenience. During the short time the cald is noon them the Hetion of the Balsam is marvellous, and the little ones take it readily and ask for more. WALTER J. BRETT, C.M., Headmaster Severn Tunnel School. March 16th, 1892. READ ON STILL FURTHER. A Cardiff Chemist save :—I have larger sales for Tudo William's Balsam of Honey than any other Cough Cure. , That's the opinion of all chemists. • PUBLIC MEN SPEAK HIGHLY OF IT ALL OVER THE WORLD. Dowlais, Merthyr Tydfil, Glamorgan, July, 1892. DEAR SIR,—I must write to say that your Tudor William 9" Balsam of Honey for Coughs is the best we ever had in the house. My blv David had a cough which shook him from top to toe, couldn't sleep at night for il, and neither could anyone else in the house sleep because of his barking. A few . doses of Balsam of Honey positively cured him; it is it -.. wonderful cure. DAVID JONES, Esq., High Constable. Sold by all Chemists and Stores all over the World hl is. lad, 2s 95, an 4s 65 bottles. Sample bottles sent post i.aid for Is 33, 3s, and ss, from the Inventor, D. TUDOR WILLIAMS, 1419.5. L., tor MEDICAL HAIL, ABERDARE. 'side triay WALES. clue

These tiny soluble CAPSULES are su- perior to Balsam of , • Oopaiba, Oubebs or astringent liquids I and CURE IN 48 D HOURS the same I. diseases without in- convenience 'All Capsldes marked 4/601 ail Chemists, or post free from WILCOX & C0.,239 Oxford St. , London, W.

ESTABL NH / tSO BIRKBECK BAN-r - Southampton Buildings. Chancery Lane, Londol.:, TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEREST allowed DEPOSITS, repayable on demand. TWO per CENT. on CURRENT ACCOUNTS. on minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below £10.:. STOCKS, SHARES, and ANNUITIES purcnased and SAVINGS DEPARTMENT For the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receives small sui, on deposit, and allows laterest monthly on each completed £ BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A HOUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH. BIRKBECK FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH. The BIRKBECK ALMANACK, with full particulars, post fre FRANCIS R VENSCROFT. Manager,

DR. MACKAY'S MARVELLOUS FEMALE REMEDY -FOR ALL OBSTRUCTIONS and IRREGULARI- -L. TIES stands unrivalled. The most stubborn and hope- less cases yield to this extraordinary Medicine in six hours. Immense sale throughout the world. Thousands of sufferers cured, Testimonials (Genuine), with full Instructions and Advice, accompany each bottle. Sent post free, under cover, for 58. 6d. DR. MACKAY, 104, HIGH HOLBORN, London. Beware of Dishonest Imitators.

WELLS'S GRAVEL PILLS, A sure cure for Gravel, Lumbago, Pains in the back GRAVEL Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaints PILLS GRAVEL Diseases of the Kidneys, Bladder, PILLS GRAVEL Urinary Organs, Stone, Gleet, Stricture PILLS GRAVEL Sciatica, Rheumatism, &c. The Effect PILLS GRAVEL of One Box is Marvellous. Price 1/1i PILLS GRAVEL and 2/9 pa- Box. Agents :—Wells. PILLS GRAVEL Chemists 0, Higher Eanam, Blackburn PILLS GRAVEL Thornber, Chemist, Accrington; Barnes, PILLS Chemists, 29, Plungington-road, Preston ; or free by post from THE PROPRIETORS, 41, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

• • For weakness, loss of flesh and vital power, rest- less sleep, pimples,nervous exhaustion, & ailments arising from early or later-day errors. Address:- Messrs. WILKINSON. Medical Hall, Sheffield. 4/6 THE CASE, WILL CURE YOU. BY POST 4/9. XXX

LONDON AGENTS —3IEssRs.HOVENDEN, 91. CiTY .ROAD.: who will] forward by post.

A GOOD HUSBAND is the greatest blessing that a woman can possess. And every wife should ever remember that the making or the marring of that blessing depends mainly upon herself. So it's her duty to do ail she can to keep her husband happy. Now, after his day's hard work is done, nothind makes him so comfortable and so fond of his own fireside and wife and little ones—as the evening brew of BROOKE, BOND'S TEA. "What a cheery, cosy home that most refreshing Tea makes, to be sure! And yet it's within the reach of everybody, of the poorest as well as of the wealthiest. For Brooke, Bond's Agents are everywhere. And they sell exactly the seine Tea at precisely the same prices as at the wed-known BROOKE, BOND'S LANCASHIRE AND YORKSHIRE TEA WAREHOUSES. At 1/-, 1/2, 1/4, 1/8, 2/-, 2/4 and 2/8 a lb., everybody's purse is suited. Our celebrated Trade-mark of the double-triangle and our signature on every Packet prove that the real BROOKE, BOND'S TEA therein has been packed and sealed at Head-quarters under the personal supervision of the Principals. BROOKE, BOND & CO., LIMITED. THE LANCASHIRE TEA WAREHOUSES- -17 PICCADILY, 29, MARKET STREET, }MANCHESTER

ONE BOX OF CLARKES' B 41 PILLS is war- ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs, in either sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Pains In the back. Gmaramteed free from Mercury. Sold in Boxes, 4s. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throughout the World ; or sent to any address for sixty stamps by the Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY, Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; BAR CLAY & SoNe London. and all the Wholesale Houses.

THE GREAT REMEDY. SLAIIISS GOUT PILLS FOR GOUT, RHEUMATISM, SCIATICA, LUMBAGO. The Excruciating Pain is quickly relieved. Sure. Safe, and Effectual. Sold by all Chemists at ls. lid. and 2s. 9d. per box.

SALE OF WORK AT THE GYMNASIUM. __-- Mrs.Beamont opened a sale of work at the Gymn- nasium on Thursday afternoonw week the proceeds of which are to be devoted to- wards wiping out a debt of £250 at pres- ent owing on this most valuable institution. The sale was not of a very extensive character, the stalls all told numbering seven. These consisted of a refreshment stall, a flower and fruit stall, and five other stalls laden with a quantity of useful and ornamental articles. The stalls were draped with delicately tinted material and with festoons of arti- ficial roses connecting each stall, and crossing the entrance, a pretty and pleasing effect was produced The fruit and flower stall, which was in charge of Mr. and Mrs. Mottram, besides containing a miscel- laneous selection of the fruits of the earth,exhibited for sale a considerable number of birds, At three o'clock when the.s.ale of work was opened amongst those present were : Mrs. Beamont, the Mayor and Alayoress (Alderman and Mrs. Greenall) Mr. R. Pier point, M.P., Revs. E.C.E. Carleton, H. V. Pigot, A. H. Townsend, and B. Percival, Mrs. F. Monks, Mrs. Lyon, Mrs. Carleton, Mrs. Adams, Miss B. Dutton (Moore), Messrs. T. Morris, F.G.S., J. H. Fleming, Vere Davies, McGregor, D. Jones, Alottram, D. Tinnion, W. Dimmelow ( hon secretary), and Ferguson. Mr. THOMAS MORRIS after referring to the pleasure it gave him and the committee to have Mrs. Beamont to open the sale of work, stated that he should like to men- tion of a little error that appeared in their balance sheet which had been issued. It was there stated that as a result of the dramatic performances in aid of the Gym- nasium over £4O had been handed to the treasurer, but if they included property given to the institution by the Dramath.: Society the amount would be increased to about £75. Some of the members of the Dramatic Society were feeling a "wee bit" annoyed at the mistake but he could say on behalf of the committee that they were very thankful for the assistance the society rendered to the institution. He then asked Mrs. Beamont to open the sale of work, remarking that Mr. Pierpoint,who was an excellent ta lker' would speak for Mrs. Bearnont. Mrs. BFABIONT in declaring the sale of work open said she took great interest in the gymnasium, and she sin- cerely hoped it would be very prosperous in the future. She also expressed the wish that the sale would be a very great success. (Applause.) Mr. R. PlEap ow, M.P., said he had very great pleasure in saying a few words on that occasion,although he had no great pleasure in hearing himself spoken of as an admirable talker. A talker on those occasions was generally looked upon more as a bore than anything else. (Laughter.) If there was anything that had induced him to come that day, not that he wanted much induce- ment, it was the tact that the sale of work was being opened by his friend, and their friend, Mrs. Beamont. (Applause.) They were always glad to see her, not only on those occasions but on others. The object they had in view that day, he need hardly say was a matter of paramount interest to the people of Warrington. They all knew the value of gymnastics. We had not much to complain of in this respect, as they had abroad, because the youths in this country were happily always able to take bodily exercise in all sorts of ways, whether in gymnastics, football, cricket, row ing, and all sorts of in- door and outdoor exercises. Mr. Morris had just re- minded him that one of the uses of a gymnasium such as that was that it should be lent towards the physical education of the school children of the town. (Applause.) He did not think it had been made use of in that direc- tion previously, but this year under the new education act the training of ehildren in gymnastics by proper teachers and in a certified place approved of by the In- spector of the district, would count towards the time of school attendance, which time as they knew gained the Government grant. (Applause.) They were awarethat to confine children, boss and girls, exclusively to the study of reading, writing, and arithmetic or things of that sort, was not so good as when they gave them their reading, writing, and arithmetic and other studies coupled with a proper and judicious exercise of the body. When they arrived at healthy mind in the healthy bodies of the population they would have arrived at the great object they had in view. He need not say one word in praise of Mrs. Beamont, but he heartily pro- posed a vote of thanks to her for coming there that day. (Applause.) The Rev. E.., C. E. CARLETON seconded the vote of thanks. He thought the committee were to be congratu- lated in having Mrs. Beamont to open that sale of work. She gave her sympathy to every good movement in the town and also her purse—which was a very important matter. Ffer attendance at that sale of work was only one of the many kindnesses which she had put herself out of the way to perform. He asked them to acknow- ledge it by passing the vote of tbanks. (Applause.) The vote of thanks having been heartily accorded, the sale of work was declared open. The following assisted at the stalls :—lhe Mayoress (Mrs. E. Greenall),Mrs. T. Morris, Mrs. D. Jones, Mrs. Ferguson, Mrs McGregor (secretary of the Ladies Committee), Mrs. J. Hesketh, Mr. J. L. Whittle, Mrs. J. Mottram Mrs. James Fair- clough, Mrs. Parsonage, Mrs.E. Whitehouse, Mrs. Proud, Mrs. T. Proud, Miss Shawcross, Miss G. Jones, Miss Parsonage, Mrs. Hall, Miss Massey, Misses Ferguson, Miss Coubrough, Miss Cavanagh, Miss Mottram,Mrs. F. Denham, Miss iM. Fairclough, Misses Whittle, Miss J. Fairclough, Miss Hamilton, Miss tirundrett, Misses Reid, Miss Hesketh, Miss Green and Miss Hardacre. The committee who were responsible for the arrangements were Mr.D. Jones (treasurer),Mr.Dimmelow (secretary), Mr. I'. Mtorr's (chairsnan), Mr.G. Vernon,( joint treas.), ; Messrs. J. Hesketh, H. Ferguson, J. L. Whittle, J. Evans, D. Tionion, J. Mottram, J. E. Warren, J. McGregor, J. E. Wright and J. Podmore. During the evening Mr. Wm. Whittle, of Warrington, a member of the Liverpool Concert Company, gave two entertainments in an ante-room at the Gymnasium. Mr. Whittle highly pleased his audiences by his capital rendi- tion of a number of Chevalier's coster songs. Mr. George Finch was the accompanist. The first day's takings, in- cluding a number of subscriptions, amounted to £77 12s. 6d. The subscribers, were Dr. White, Miss Wilson Patter., Mrs. Ireland Blackburne, Mr. W. Gill (Bridge- street), Mr. J. Mainwaring, RoselVlainwaring and Shar- i ley Wallhead (proceeds of a private bazaar), and Messrs. I F. A. Frost and Sons, Chester. The result of yesterday's sale was £lB 83. 10d. 11-ffi;€;6lo-7

T ADIES.—F MALE IRREGULARITIES and OBSTRUCTIONS.—Tha DIFFICULTY SOLVED AT LAST.—A lady having Tried in Vain Every Advertised Remedy, has at last discovered a SIMPLE MEANS of SELF- CURE, particulars of which she will forward FREE OF CHARGE to Her Poor Suffering Sex on receipt of stamped addressed envelope. Send at once, and waste no more time and money upon Worthless Pills, Mixtures, and other So- called Remedies of this class, which cause pain, sickness, and injury to the system without having the necessary effect.— Write, with full hope and confidence, to Mrs. ST. CLAIR, 46, Southampton Buildings, Chancery-lane, London, W.C.

DON'T COUGH-JUST USE "94, Commercial Road, Peekham. July 12, 1889. " Dear Sir.—l am a poor hand at expressing my feelings, but I should like to thank you, Your lozenges has done wonders in relieving my terrible cough. Since I had the operation of" Tracheotomy " (the same as the late Emperor of Germany, and unlike him, thank God , I am still alive), performed at St. Bartholomew's Hospital, no one could pos- sibly have had a more violent cough ; it was so bad at times that it quite exhausted me. The mucus, which was very copious and hard, has been softened. and I have been able to get rid of it without difficulty.—l am. air. yours truly, J. HILL." 'MATING'S LOZENGES. The above speaks for itself. From strict inquiry it appears that the benefit from using Keating's Cough Lozenges is understated. The operation was a specially severe one, and was performed by the specialist Dr. H. T. Butlin. of St. Bartholomew's Hospital. Since the operation the only means of relief is the use of these Lozenges. So successful are they that one affords immediate benefit, although from the nature of the case the throat irritation is intense. WEIGHT IN GOLD. Under date Sept. 8, Mr. Hill writes: " I should long since have been dead but for your Lozenes -they are worth their weight in gold. I will gladly see and tell everyone what a splendid cough remedy they are." Keating's Lozenges are sold in tins is. lid. each. The un- rivalled remedy for COUGHS, HOARSENESS,and THROAT TROUBLES.

POLISHING—A PLEASURE I WILL NOT cow,. , STEPHENSON'', ~...•.''.:-1-.1'::::',-",,,, I : • FINGER ..eir::::,,,,,, MARK. 467 FURNITURE CREAM. :::..:.:., ‘ • . ,__.• , ....,....:.,. - ,-,.... •• . ~...:.:• . , :.,..,_-_, .:- .„......,- Sold by Chemists, Grocers, and Ironmongers. Bole Proprietors, STEPHENSON BROS., BRADFORD.

WOODS' PATENT GALVANISED STEEL WIRE MATTRESSES, With French and Persian Bedsteads complete. ... No. 1035—French. ..:11'1111111111.1 To be seen carrying i ONE TON. -• jillill W Challenge arty , other Wire Mattress -I. „.7 I simmill,,,,,- —•,—.._,..,,, to stand this Test ti % _ -;"".,----__;00,. But is it ever re- ur 94 -,;," 1,,W2" - quired of a Mattress prKeel, ~...., , : that it should ear ry w•••• • pm. . ..;., - one ton ? Certainly ritaiiiir:tg . no m piaint against stHreerutose theot , • . I 111. i Wire Mattresses has been that I ' they stretched after a time, which was true. We give this vere teat to prove that ou rs will not stretch. If they do within 6 years we will replace with new ones. To be had from THOMAS SUTTON, Sale Rooms, Legh Street. THE LONGFORD WIRE Co.. Limited WARRING TON,

TOWLE'S PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS for Females, quickly correct all irregularities, remove all obstructions, and relieve the distressing symptoms so preva- lent with the sex. Boxes is. lid. and 2s. 9d. of all chemists sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps by the maker, R. T. TOWLE. Chemist, Nottingham. NEveßmso SWIFT GOLD MEDAL /I. 4 '.7-'5474."4.4.."."--• INITTER\ KNITp Stockings ribbed or plain 3 I I V GLOVES and CLAMING in P -.- ; • WOOL, SILK, or COTTON. INSTRUC- TIONS FREE. Lists 2.d. per pest r • TRIUMPHANT AWARD at PARIS. The only WINNER in the WORLD of 4 GOLD MEDALS AM 22 other Honours. HARRISON KNITTING MACHINE CO. Works 45. Upper Brook St., Maneheeter.

WOMAN'S FRIEND, HUXLEY'S SPECIAL MIXTURE. THE MOST POWERFUL AND EFFECTUAL MEDICINE KNOWN. The recipe of a famous French Physician, Quick, sure, and certain. Never fails to Relieve and Cure, no matter how caused, Post free to any address for 2s. 9d. or ss. 6d. per battle. Full instructions with each. Send for the WIFE'S FRIEND. a book for every woman who wishes to keep healthy. —D. GLASGOW HUXLEY, M.D. (U.S.), 176, Cemetery-road. Sheffield, and Masonic Buidiugs (opposite Market), Rotherham.

:IT' ~', . „ , ~ •,: L, , 4; 4... t -,-, "S • ,•. , • ,• .',. i • ~ ~, - , I ~. , . PILLS .4 . 1 .iti OINTMENT Will Cure ' BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, COUGHS, COLDS, SORE THROATS, WHEEZING, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, Bcc. The Ointment is a Sure Remedy for CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, BURNS, CUTS. BRUISES, SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, &c. Manufactured only at 7-8, NEW OXF D STREET, LONDON.

A GOOD FittilLY IYIELiCINE CiTIEST, WITH a prudent use, has saved -many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer. COCICLE3 3 FREE FROM MERCURY. • ANT/BILIOUS OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. I ; S For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &c.

trettntan SOOTHING POWDERS, FOR CHILDREN CUTTING TEETH. IN USE OVER FIFTY YEARS.

"JOHN STEEDMAN, CHEMIST, WALWORTH, SURREY." is engraved on the Government Stamp affixed to each packet.

v, _ ;FOR RHEUMATISM• LUMBAGO-STIFFNESS 4 ~ v • AN 1 ~. A., ~._--,4./... • , ' / t .1,. EXCELLE . '7' * '''''' '441 • • tl-1-m",:5 COOD THING. /7 ...3.4i r, .• .114 , i /p...........,/- . i f , • , ‘4,_ --t A . ~. i '-:-/ —94.,....„; ,• / , . f \. - 444:e . ...-1.,y,..-,,,,, A.). , \ A . I , A, .., / ,54....,,. / 4 tfr h effr*i'), 1. ( ;4/i) P., *'-`--.''. 1' 1i,....t.,, -41,,,,,-,,,, ~- /1/4 (?,/,,,;„ •\,\-:444,,h, _ ---,%-.4.1 ' ifr. '77A 11 •. ' ' -0,2 :=15.4r/ * I 1 tr. %k/ \ ---kit.,;. "",;//r. ''''`,,,.. A,'''i, S • "1 ,/, .. l' f7„/&'—_,-;1,:•., _l_ •. ... ..40‘ -n' k, i'. _.. / . . fft///7 ,14• / , 0, ' , i.. : -".7';1/.°' - ..-----.\,..s- ' i':., ~ • ~ .k: e; 1 . ~.---' '-. ./' : 5, ,' -,-• ki ..-• _.,... .... 4., . . "--- -.17-7.- ,_ , i - 0-, 1 • / ...e4.411. ....load, • Ais,qo-, --- - • —.„----- - • ..,--7 --_,.. ' . , • -7"Tri _,- . , ~- *--;" , , ~, ... :,, ,0t t ; ... ''''• / - _ I/ • - - ." '. . ',.• • ''''"3 ,-.--P- sat • - _-:-.,;Z* - .. . ;- ) ' • _..r...... ' ...: _ ..., VLOTTGIL. - ----r.t ---, --. "•-• f 7r: 4 t.. 0,. -1 __ c• ....r._.‘ ..., __:._-_,- ..,-,_,_ _ . . .3,... ENCLAN . . .. _•. - . rt • 1 ik LLI M AN. S UNIVERSAL EM BROCATION,

PURE IRISH LINEN.

ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. G. R. HUTTON & CO., LARNE, BELFAST.

It is a THIN, PLASTER, and TAKES UP NO ROOM IN THE BOOT. It is especially useful tor REDuLING ENLARGED TOE JOINTS, which so spoil the symmetry of otherwise beautiful feet. THOUSANDS HAVE BEEN CURED,.some of whom have suffered for FIFTY YEARS, without being able to get relief from any other remedy. J " ' tiii . on , s z„.. - A trial of a box is earnestly solicited' It acts like magic in ~.., ~,—,...,:.t. ..,,,i, IN RUTe. relieving all Pain and . Throbbing, and soon cures the most obsti- nate Corns & Bunions. Is the REST It.7lEMEillt ewer clisecolrevecil: Free for 14 stamps from la. BEETHAV & SON, Chemists, CRELTEIIII. =this. at: the sole Proprietors,

Oeethatr's

THERE ARE PLASTERS AND PLASTERS. DR. .PYNAR'S AMERICAN PIN- PLASTERS. ARE MARVELLOUS AND RELIABLE. If you are troubled with Indigestion, Wind, or ness, DON'T TAKE MEDICINE. TRY P' Sick- PINE PLASTER, the most Wonderful Cu • ,CNAh'S Ache, Side iche, Rheumatism. Lundy, .ze for Back int, the very worst Aches 40, Sciatica ; fiIEY ACT LIKE' dr Pains. ofAGIC. ,e, Stimu!ating, Ar;:,Grateful, Comfortir AND BRACE UP THO Astonishing Testi- W HOLE SYSTEM. SUFFERERS FROM •..00nials from all Classes. ASTHMA ATLD TRY THESE WONDERFUL PLASTERS. tION'T HESITATE. TRY THIS WONDEP.FUL REMEDY AT ONCE. If Tem Chemist has not got it, sent Post Free for 91-d. by the Proprietors, LAWRENCE, AND CO., CHEMISTS, RHYL. AGENTS: RUNCORN—Mr. J. H. Weston, Chemist. WIDNES—Mr. J. Bennett, Chemist, 32, Victoria Road. EARLESTOWN—Mr, A. Peake, Chemist. WARRINGTON—Mr. J. R. Young, Chemist. ST. HELENS—Mr. G. Stringfellow, Central Stores. Mr. J. G. Wallbridge, Chemist. 52, Liverpoci Road. NORTEIWICH—Mr. C. M. Blades, Chemist.

WESTON. _ _.... .4. v ~ ~ TikitvEsT FESTiVAL---On 81ti1oS7, harvest thanksgiving Servites were toncineted at the Weston Wesleyan Chapel, serMobt beitt AeliVasrea by the Rev. W. George (in the ) morning) a'nd Mr. rt. Posnott (in the evening). The 1 interior of the building was decorated with fruit,flowers, vegetables, kc., in a most artistic manner, and much .1 credit is reflected upon the lady-members of the con- gregation, who were responsible for this work. The • ) services were of an exceptionally bright nature, the musical selections rendered by the choristers being much . enjoyed. On Monday evening another service was held, when the Rev. T. Brackenbury was the preacher.. " There were large congregations and the proceeds' which, reached a very satisfactory sum, were devoted to the trust fund. ,

FURS. FURS. FURS. HUDSON'S BAY HOUSE FURRIERS, 123, OXFORD-STREET, ALL SAINTS'. MANCHESTER. . Mr. SPIRO, having been most fortunate in purchasing a Large Consignment of skins considerable below the market value, can undertake the RENOVATING and REMODEL- • LING of LADIES' SEALSKIN JACKETS into the most perfect styles. at very moderate prices. Our S POCK is now complete with the ne vest and most [Fashion- able FURS for the c msing whiter. Sealskin Jackets and Capes. Far and Siik-lined Cloaks, Bears, Sablss, Stun ks, Sac.. &c. NOTE THE ADDRESS : 123, OXFORD STREET ALL SAINTS', • MANCHESTER. _ MARKETS. WIDNES, Sa7unisaY.-Fresh butter, Is 4d and Os Od per lb. ; fresh eggs,l2 for is ; fowls, 3s Od to Os per couple ; ducks, Os Od to Os per couple ; geese, ( d per lb. ; beef, 7:1-d to 9d per lb. ; mutton 4cl to 6d Per lb. ; pork, 9d to Od per lb. ; veal, Od to Od per lb. ; lamb, Od per lb. ; potatoes per load. 5s 6d. . Ruscons, SATURDAY.--Fresh butter is 44 and Os Od per lb.; fresh eggs,lo for Is ; fowl, 4s Od to Os Od per couple; ducks • 65 Od per couple ; geese Os to eel per lb. ' • turkeys Cs Iv Os Od per lb. • beef, 8d per lb. ; mutton, 84c1 to Os per lb. ; pork Od to Bid per lb. ; lamb Od to Od per lb. , • veal Od to 9d; - per lb. ; potatoes, 5s Od to Os Od per load. Cheese 'ad per lb. WARRINGTON MARIE I'.—WEDNEinAY, Oct. 10TH. FRUIT, VEGETABLE. POULTRY, BUTCHERS'. AND FISHMONGERS' TABLE. 8. d. 8. d. s. d. S. a. Beef, Eng., fa 0 sto 0 9 Melon, each ... 0 6-0 8 Lamb per lb 0 7-0 10 Oranges, each 0 0-0 1 Mutton „ - 0 10 Celery 7 stick 0 2- 0 3 Veal „ „ - 0 9 Pears - 0 3 Pork „ „ ...... 0 6-0 9 Apricots each 0 0- 0 9 Pork sides --O 0 0 rrol-,3 per lb ... 0 0- 0 1 ~ cured 0 53-4 -0 0 Cauliflowers ... 00- 0 Whole pigs„ sc 8 6- 8 9 Cucumbers each 0 4 - 0 6 Geese „ - 0 10 Catsbages each 0 2- 0 1 Fow's r cotlple 4 6- 5 6 Tomatoes 3.5. ils 0 6 - 0 8 Chickens -6 0 Filberts lb - 0 0 Ducks „ ...... 6 0- 0 0 Spanish Onions 0 0- 0 0 Rabbits Haws. each ... 4 6 -O 0 Asparagus ts 1000 0- 2 6 Pigeons,, - 0 0 Potatoes te load 3 0-6 0 Part'idgebrace 4 0- 0 0 New potatoes., 0 1 - 0 0 Grouse „ • 5- 0 0 :Mushrooms St• ts 0 0- 0 8 Pheasants -8 0 Green Peas ' m 0 0- 0 10, Turkey 3 10 - 0 0 Green Sprouts lb 0 3-G 0 Butter, fresh ts 1 2-1 3 Beans, kidney ts 0 2- 0 3 Hen eggs 13 & 9 1 0- 0 0 Pomeg senates...o 1-0 0 Duck „ -0 0 Walnuts., - 0 6 Apples lb -0 3 Lemons „ ...... 0 1-0 0 • Onions „ -0 2 Cheese 0 0- 0 0 , Grapes ~ - 2 0 Fine Pine Apple each 26- 3 0 „ good 53 0-56 0 - Gf sengagesllto 4 --0 6 ~ ordinary 45 0-50 0 : Cherries - ...... 0 0- 0 0 Lobster ty m ... 1 4- 0 0 Strawberries „ 0 0- 0 0 Turbot „ - 0 0 . Damsons „ „ 0 2- 0 3 Salmon „ - 0 0 Plums ~0 4- 0 6 Whitings -0 6 Gooseberries,, 0 0- 0 0 Flukes „ - 0 U . Raspberries „ 0 0- 0 8 Eels „ „ -0 0 Black Currants 0 0- 0 0 Soles .„, - 0 0 Red Currants 0 0- 0 0 Sparlings - 0 0 . Marrows each 0 0- 0 4 Codfish „ - 0 0 seakaie at ft .0 0- 0 0 Mackerel each 0 0 - 0 0 " Rhubarb bch 0 1- 0 0 Herring , dozen 1 0- 0 0 'TEETH., TE ET a. r & r.;T H. , • ,L. TEETH. PARKINSON'S TEETH are, at the price. ' UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD. The• "gIEETH public may rest assured that these state- ! ' ments are basod on ABSOLUTE TRUTH. and perhaps the best guarantee of this to TEETH. intending patients is that J. H. PARKIN- SON has one of LargeA Dental Practices- TEETH. in England, this outcome of employing the BEST LABOUR, using the BEST" aLT'EETTI. MATERIALS obtainable, and charging the • ! LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. TEETH. Any set made, or work done by him, and "! not giving ABSOLUTE SATISFACTION in s) very detail will he immediately corrected, . TEETH. or an ENTIRE NEW SET made FREE OF ' r ii. CHARGE. TEETH. These co iditions insure the pubic's satis- , faction and recommendation, exemplified by• , TEETH. 21 sets having been inFerted for patients du.ing . one year only directly and indirectly TEETH. through the voluntary persuasion and recom- mendation of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. Any or all of these patients' names and addresses, . , TEETH. for reference, will be given to any would-be 1 "4-- patient personally applying for them. These. . 1 riIEETH, with thousands in the past, each recom- 1. mending their friends, speak volumes for Mx. ril E ETH • Parkinson's success. , His nusually large dental establishment . TEETH. adapted for the CONIFORT of Patients MUST NOT DETER ANY. ALL are WELCOME to • FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily, from 9 to 12' T EETH. and 2to 6. . ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS EXTRACTION. TEETH. &c., as hitherto, by the aid of his own made .i. LIQUID NITROUS OXIDE. of which he- TEETH. new liquifies for sale to dentists nearly a . 10,000 gallons weekly. Patients have, there- . - • fore, in this speciality also the benefit of Ws ' TEETH. experience. TEETH. J. 11. PARKINSON, ti . Dentist by Examination, TEETH. , , MANCIIESS"s 1,, 46, MOSLEY-STREET LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET. ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET. EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. Mees, 2to 5 p.112' ''' • WARRINGTON ON SVEDNEsDAYS. 3, S: nkey-street. ' (Side ent mice, first floor) 2 to 5 p.m. RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs. Ruelies',Confectioner, Bridge-street, from 2 to 5. , NORTHWICH. on FRIDA Ye. :et 18, Applemarket-street, Or 11 te 12 a.m., and Ito 5 p.m. AA .... • ,-- , , MARRIAGE. ' , wiLsoN BRlDGEN.—September 30th, at the Parish Church Warrington, by the Rev. F. W. Willis, James Wilson to ,' Sarah Ann Bridgeu. . DEATHS. :f IN MEMORIAN. ' In loying memory of Henry Hewitt Dutton, who died . October 11th,1893. " With Christ, which is far better." , STOUT.—September 29th, at St. James-st., Warrington. ' Jemima Stout, age.' 38 years. Kenor.-September 30th, at Heaton-st., Warrington, Miff, • ' Kehoe, aged 34 years. , BUCKLEY.- September 30th. at Howley-lane, Warrington. i Lily Bucklev.aged two weeks. KNlGHT.—September 30th, at Chorley-st., Warrington, pee Knight, 6months. FORSTER.—October 2nd, Mersey-st. Warrington, Elizabeth Forster, aged 6 months. Joe 8.-September 29th,. at Back Athertonst, Warrington. Henry Jz.22t2_...__zed64 years. _ . ____.. .. Warrington.--Printed and Published by JOHN WALSER a 00 at The Examiner General Printing Works, Bewsey-etreet; and Published also at The Examiner Offices, 'Victoria-rm.° Win-era; High-street. Rl:fames; ; 32, George-street'Sts Helens ; and 33, Marketbstreet, tEA./iLE6TOWIN—OCEOg° 13, 1894,
