===== 0002601_18940428_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
REGISTERED FOE TRANSMISSION ABROAD

NO, 785.

/.,.----------

-.tied 1 given to I

iirgh green lO-25 1 k ss. 2s. 6d. wadnes (Central) P"i ngton (Central) 10-45 48. 28. Od. ...artington Nnutsford arrive I 11-30

„Ctuthirildirreno_ Under 2e 1 v sof age Half Fares. Passengers n utsford at * tr 6-45 p.m. the same day. DAVID MIILDRUM, Manager. -.Pooleentral Station, April. 1894.

!eat 50 • lielaVnitia;f A

1 I

===== 0002601_18940428_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
,

ASSAGE TAUGHT in Mailetiester ; terms 121. ls. -I- for a course of six lessons.—A? ply Tai,is OTWENFrELP. Borne for Hospital-trained 'Nurses and raying Lratients, Stamford-road. Bowdon.

MB OLD RELIABLE FIRM. L. MORE & Co.

(Late of Exeter), • SUPTON, SURREY. Established 19 Years. City ai•d zinburban Derby. ST. Double and Treble Events. S. P Coins :Daily. .oro's Turf Chronicle, Published Daily, Forwarded Poet Fret. No Representatives. Note Chnuge of Address :—.iUTTON, SURREY.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0003.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
*lottis.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
, . , (..._../ .111 , • • cic 7 . ... ~,,,It • ..,, . " c7f i 0 " g 4 ' ' 4 --...„......-- • .....„ 4

SATURDAY, APRIL 28, 1894.

PICTURE FRAMES, MOULDING &c. The Cheapest House in Warrington for Moulding PICTURE _ FRAMES, PICTURES, PICTURE

_ GLASS, and 3verY requisite for FRAMES. 50,000 feet Jf Moulding always in Stock. WHOLESALE OR RETAIL. J. W. JAMSO N. 18, FRIAR'S GATE Awn MARKET HALL, WARRINGTON. 71 VICTORIA ROAD, WIDNES. ,

===== 0002601_18940428_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
ROCHE'S HERBAL EA

HOOPING COUGH

HOOPING COUGH

ROCAPION.

The celebrated e !Tech& cure without internal

medicine.

_ ILTOOPING COUGH --- , Of all Chemists price .11. ITOOPING COUGH 48. per bottle. Sole Wholesale Agents: W. EDWARDS & SON, EITIRONCIIITIS 157. Queen Victoria Street, I I London.

CROUP

WCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
GUION LINE to NEW YORK, every SATURDAY.

ADELAIDE. MELBOURNE and SYDNEY STEAMERS from LIVERPOOL.

TNTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, POS- i_ TON. PHILADELPHIA. SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA, CHINA, JAPAN, AM,TRALIA or NEW ZEALAND, shoula take tickets at the LO WEST RATES at 6-Ei THE nXAMINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON. By any of the abore-inentioned or any other lines. JOHN WALKER AND CO., AGENTS.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
PRIM' ONB PENNY. BTpOSTIB.7Id. per Quarter. 63. 3 (1. per AIM ni, n alran.ll 19.9 d. per Quarter, credit.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
TEETH.

E E T 11.

TEETH

TEETH. PARKINSON'S TFETH, 21,, at the priat, UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD. The public TEETH. may rest assured that these statements are based on ABSOLUTE TRITTII, and perhaps TEETP, the best guarantee of this to hetending patients is that J. H. PARKINSON has one of the „ Large 1?, st, Dental Practices in ngland, the out TEET.I-i. come of employing the BEST LABOUR, using the BEST MATERIALS obtainable, and eharg- TEETTL, lag the LOWEST Pi JSIBLE PillOß. Any set made, or work done by him, and TEETH. not giving ABSOLUTE SATISFACTION in Every Detail will be immediately corrected, ” T.! an ENTIRE NEW SET made FLEE OF ,TT CHARGE. CHARGE. These conditions insure the public's satisfae- ir EETH. tion and recommenciation, exemplified by 21 sets having been inserted for patients dueng TEETH, one year only, directly and indirectlythrough the voluntary persuasion and rox.ommendatila TEETH. of ONE SINGLE PATIENT, Any or all i• these patients' names and adeireases. for! re e- TEETH. ee, will be given to any would-tie patient Personally applying for them. These, with thousands in the past, each recommending TEETH. their friends, speak volumes for Mr. Parkin son's success. TEETH. His unusually Large Dental Establishment, adapted for the COMFORT of Patients, MUST TEETH. NOT DETER ANY. ALL see WELCOME FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily from 9 to and 2 to 6. TEETH. ABSOLziTALY PAINLESS EXTRACTION, &e., as hitherto, by the aid of Us own naacie, TEETH. LIQUID NYIROUS OXIDE, of which he now liquefies for sale to dentists nearly 10,000 gal' TEETB.. lons weekly. Patei!zts, haw, therefore, in this speciality also the bene6t 'if his experience. -1,- TEETH. CLOSED ALL DAY ON FRIDAYS. TEETH.

J. H. PARKINSON, Dentist by Examination, 46, MOSLEY-STREET, MANCHESTER, WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, at Miss Charles's. Ladies' Outfitter, Sankey-street, tr9m 2 to 5 p.m. RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs. Hughes, (Lae MI

Parson's), Confectioner, Bridge-street, from 2 tn 5. OBTHWICH, on FRIDAYS. at 18, Applemarizet-street, from EV* 11 to 12 a.m., and Ito :1 p.m. A)

GOOD EVENING

HAVE YOU HAD A DRINK OF THE FAMOUS

"T.EW-ITT" STOUT

rr. 1 O-D AY'

IF NOT, TRY IT.

ADDRESS-

RICHARD F r'RSIIAW

COLLINS GREEN bitEWERY,

NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS.

Mil

PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

Tux Bread of Idleness—Loafing. A, LASTING DOCUMENT—AU iron will. THE BEST POSSESSION—SeIf-possession. A SCHISM to be approved of—A Witticism. THE BEST THING GOING—An unwelcome g;:est. THE Universal Tax—The tax on one's pa; ience. GIVE a woman her way, and she will have her Woe.

TuE effects of eating horseflesh for supper— Nightmare. ADvicE to Servants-of all-work—" Learn to labour anti to wait."

A roog fellow who pawned his watch said he raised money with a lever. WILY ARE GREEN APPLES LIKE THE LETTER. T ? Because they are in. digestible. THE proof of the adage that " time is money " is found in the fact that times change. PLENTY of sleep is conducive to liea.uty. Even a garment looks worn when it loses its nap. WHEN a man conies to ask you for your opinion he really asks for your confirmation of his own. MANY a yonng man has a great fu•-iirb ahead M him. The difficulty is that it persists in keeping there. _

BEE01:11 the wedding day she was t.kar and he WA, a treAsttre, but afterwards she beemne dearer and he the treasurer.

Mr. GRAY : "I did to know there were sod' things as artificial wlides.'.' Mr. Cray " Welt, there are not." Mrs. Gray : " Itt where do they get this artificial whalithone the papers speak DL"

XIIY SUE TS' PROUD—_O7D SACCV. Why shouldn't the girl at the telephone exchange be as proud as a. queen on her tnrone, since with all the first folks of the city, you know, she's connected— by telephone? Among toe expedients to sell contraband liquor to the soldiers in America, one was exceedingly novel. They dropped a couple of peaches into a bottle of whisky, and sold the compound as "pickled peaches." JONES: "I say, Smith, I understand that Drown is something of a literary man." Smith : Literary man? Yes. Wily, Brown writes for the waste- baskets of some of the leading newspapers and magazines in the country." A DERIvATIOY.—"TiIc French are wise people," said Hicks. "They perceive a situation at once, and recognise it. They were the first to see that cooks ruled our homes; and for that reason they named them chefs, or chiefs." JuSTIFIAELY POSTPONED.—Mamma : " What's the matter, Johnnie ?" Johnnie: " 800-hoo-oo Yesterday I fell down and hurt myself." Mamma: "Well, what are you crying to-day for?" Johnnie: " You weren't home yesterday." Two Irishmen were diSens'iing a friend who had just died. "Faith it's a long slape he'll be havin' this toime," remarked Pat, dolefully. "Sure it's -a,lcake he'll be havin' as well, thin," replied Mike, with an expectant air of coming enjoyment.

No FLIES ON Tnis SCIIEM —CObb "I hear you have made a million." Webb: " Yes ; train- ing spiders !" Cobb: "What ?" Webb: "Spiders for the restaurateurs. I teach them to spin a Château la. Flue web over a bottle of logwood.

A DOCILE SUITOR. --Primus : "Although you are a millionaire, my love is so great, air, that it emboldens a poor man like myself to seek a daughter of yours in marriage." Secundus : " filch of the girls is it, young man?" Primus : "Any one of the three, sir." CIIEATED. —Aunty (to Tommy, who has been to the menagerie) : " :Veil, Tommy, did you see the tiger ?" Tommy (whispering) : " Yes ; b-b-hat —" Aunty : " But what—what are you crying about:" Tommy: "They wouldn't let me poke him" UNDEC. THE M I gTLETO 7-lle : "Darling, I hesitate to ask it, and yet I must know. Did any one ever kiss you before?" She : "Oh, George, how can you doubt me ? •I bring you, a heart as fresh- and ardent as your own." (George doesn't know whether to be satisfied or not). A CHILL For. RD:cm—She: "You know, Reggie, that girls are being called by the names of ewers now, and my sister s iggested that I should be called Thistle." Reggie "Oh, yes, I see Because you are so sharp." She: "Oh, no. She said it was because a donkey loved me."

MR. SAUL WRIGHT (afflicted with a hand-shaking fit) : "HOW arc ych, or man? (lie.) How ar-r-r Stranger: "Excuse me. You have the .dvantage of me. I don't know you." Mr. Saul Wright: " Thash-all-ri'. No ,'dvantage 't all-7-(hie). I don't—(hic)—know you either." HE DIDN'T RUES OIL.—a I bear, MTS. Par- Venue, that your son is a great student, and spends the most of his time over the midnight oil." "Them isn't a word of truth about that oil, ma'am. We have gas all over the house,' and Altred has a whole chanticleer in his room. Oil, indeed!" and the haughty dame tossed her head. AT THE Mzaey OF ARITHMETIC. --NI amrn : "Ethel, is it possible that you !et Mr. Ashton know our ae ?" Ethel: "Yes." Mamma: "My poor child, you will never learn anything." Ethel: "HOW can you object when I'm only seven- teen ?" Mamma: " Don't you see he can tell when you are twenty-seven ?" COMPETENT.—Penn Inklev : "I think I shall try my hand at magazine poetry." Faber: "Do you think you are capable? You know magazines require something more than rhyme." Penn Ink- ley (enthusiasticaly) : "Capable ! Why, it's just in my line. I've been running the Puzzle Depart- ment of our paper for years STRONG ATTACHMENT.—An Irish Parliament man was boasting in the House of Commons of his attachment to trial by jury. "Mr. Speaker," he said, "with the trial by jury I have lived, and by - the blessing of Heaven, with the tn lby jury I wil die !" Curran; who sat near him, whispered audibly, "What,- Jack, do you mean to be hanged ?" OLD GENTLEMAN (to applicant for his daughter's band) : "Have you any expectations ?" Young Man (sadly) : "I have sir." Old Gent: What are they ?" Young Man (still more sadly) : "I expect that when you know the state of icy financial affairs you'll refuse my application, and forbid me the house, sir !" THE FINISHED JOS.—A w4-.11-known cobbler in

the town of Kilmarnock, having occasion to pass the door of a public-house just as Boniface was endeavouring to lift a poor, helpless inebriate from the gutter, was greeted with, "Hey, man, come here and gie us .a lift." "Na, na," returned the Knight of St. Crispin; "ye can just do as I do when Pm finished wi' a job. . I aye pit it in the window." BENEFIT or STAMMERING.—A stammering Lord Deloraine, being in a cock-pit, and offering several bets, which he would have lost if he could have seplied in time, at length offered ten pounds to a • crown. A gambler who stood by said "Done'" but his lordship's fit of stuttering happening to seize him at that moment, he could not repeat the 'word "Done" till the favourite cock was beaten. "Confound your stuttering tongue !" cried the fellow. "If you could speak like other folk, you would le ruined." "Tell me honestly, John. If I should di-, would you marry again?" John (desiring to please): "Marry agaiu ? Of course I ssouldn't. .tittelt an idea would never enter my mind." Wife (angrily): "Oh. you wouldn't? You don't .find marriage pleasant, I suppose? No doubt you are sorry you married me. Olt, you wretch !!! John (still desiring to please): " You don't under- •stand, my dear. I was joking, of course. I meant that I would marry aeain." \Vac (more angrily): " You would—eh ? You are in an awful big hurry to get married again. Perhaps you wish I was oat of the way. I know you would be glad if I died, you wretch !" • " You are ve-y ittst this morning, Mr. DAM - win,' said a merchant t one ef his c erks. "Do mot he it happen again."—‘• Very sorry," said he clerk ; I nit wi a seriols " Indeed," replied the merchant, relenting. "Are you hurt much ?" P.incipally, sir, in our as imstiou," answered the clerk respectful y. "Oh, never 'mind that," said the fnerehaut, kindl. ''l am very, very sorry, and had no intention to be severe. We are ;ill liable ts aceeients. How did you get the tall?"—" you see, sir," said the clerk, confidingly, " E was cs,lled quite early this mom- in fact, than itsual."—" Ah !" " Yes, sir; but somehow er other I fell asleep again "—" do to your desk, sir, and don't try that oe again !" exclaimed the merchant, with en air erity which was belied by th,., tvv-illtde, it, iiu ty.:, w:tich deDrY.eid that he enjoyed the joke.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS.

FOR DANISH KIEL BUTTER, SMOKED WILTSHIRE, IRISH ROLL AND HOME-CURED BACON. PRIME -IRSHIRN Ott itESE, In Let for Oero•ral GROCERIES AND PuOVISIONS At Prices to SUIT all try

E. li)owNEs,

FAMILY GROCER AND PROVISION DEALER.

12, OXFORD STREET. EARLESTOWN •

B EATTY,

BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, BROOKFIELD TIMBER YARD,

EARLESTOVVN. Dealer in all kinds of Building Materials. General repairs to Property of every Description. All kinds of Drainage and Sewage Work. Estimates given.

LAIR'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS.

BT'S GOUT PILLS. For INIFUMATISM, BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. GOUT, LUMBAGO, and SCIATICA. BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. The acute pain quickly relieved BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. by these Pills. is Sure. Safe, and BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. kffectual. Price is. lid. and 2s. 9d. per Bi)x

FRAGRANT AND REFRESHING TEA

Those who realise that good TEA s cheap tea are advised to send for a parcel of the splendid black tea now being sold by the CITY OF LONDON TEA COMPANY at ONE SHIL- LING and SIXPENCE A POUND, Undoubtedly the best value ever known. Sati4action guaranteed or the money returned. 6 pounds, varriage free 93.. 71bs for 105. 6d., 201ba. for 2Es. 6d. In bulk or packtts.

CITY OF LONDON TEA COMPANY.

1,2, and 3, Beer-lane, Great Tower-A., London, E.C.

STOTHERTS' HEADACHE a NEURALGIA POWDERS,

A certain cure in 10 minutes. From all Chemists, Grocers and Co-operative Stores, or direct from ttf: Proprietors. Post Free, 14 or 33 stamps. In Boxes Is. 11d., and 2s. 9d. Re STOTHERT AND SONS, WHOLESALE CHEMISTS, ATHERTON. NEAR MANCHESTER.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
ezfllVlttoll.

VURNESS COLLEGE, MORECAMBE, Ilich-class J. School for Boye.—Prlncipal :J. WALTER NUTTALL. International B.Sc.

99 WILSON-PATTEN-ST., WARRINGTON.— ..109 Term will commence (D.V) May 2nd. Fees etc.. on application to the Misses RIMMEIi.

I_?ELMONT SCHOOL, LATCH FORD, conducted by Mrs. and Ms Moss asnisted by Miss GtrxroN, NEXT TERM COMMENCES MAY IST.

ADI ES' SCHOOL,MELCHET HOUSE, LYTHAM, 11.—i —lnclusive terms, special for cl,rgv. references to Parents, vacancy for article.) pupil.—Principals, the Misses HALKET (Min. S. Halket,L.L.A.)

OME SCHOOL for YOUNG LADIMS. Every . comfort, careful training, first-rale pr:-issors, accom- plishments, all examinations, good tious. tiellthy suburb, drilling, tennis.&c.—Misses LAMB. Grove Park. Lee, S.E.

VARINGTON LADIES COLLEGE and SCHOOL. of MUSIC. New Brighton, Cheshire, It-OPhINS MAY BTH. Faces the open sea; good grounds. Qualifiei English and Foreign resident staff. Visiting MaAers. Principal, Mrs. VEAco. Musical Direclor, Mr. J. P. VICA.CO, L.R.A.M.

AIRS. G.HUBI-NEWCOM BE prepares candidates 1. for Examinations in Music Practical and Theoretical, in connection with Trinity College, Royal Col'ege.and Royal Academy. Amalganiatvd Ilcard and College of Pi of. Music- ians. (Voice production, and singing a specialit3 ).—Green- Bank, Penketh, close to 'bus terminus.

-MR. FRANK W, REYNOLDS, 8.A., TEACHER OF THE PIANOFOUTE. VICTORIA. LODGE. BUXTON. Particulars as to terms. St.c., may be obtained from Mr. H. 14. Pearson, Bold-Arect Warrington, or from Victoria Lodge.

IVELLINGTON CO LI, Etl E, WELLINGTON. SITTIOPSFIIItIi. RE-OPENED IN JANUARY FOR BOARDERS.

The most eomplete Private School Premises in the Mid- lands. bplendid situation. Eleven Masters. Eight Gf whom are Resident. Prospectus on application to the Principal, Mr. 3. BAYLEY.

ARRINGTON GIZAJIMAR SC iIOOL.

The next TERM will begin on TUESDAY, MAY IST., 1894. PREPARATORY FORM FOR BOYS under 12 years of rg!...

FEE, £2 per Term. Fer Further Particalara apply to the HEAD /SUSI EU,

===== 0002601_18940428_art0011.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
B

===== 0002601_18940428_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
'1•‘: vioxiNk)

::•ffers-r. r.ftr• Ontvrt, Lit,111,14/0..1.14•tt. I',r Int ii I% 14.11-; •••• t. Compli•lintt., bitiehtles et Ir. • tkryt,it.. Ur•l,,ty .4.111!5, :4t.tnae. t. t. 41. I . • ,••%. (;01.11t, will fir. is 0.8i114

'try Ii email r..tiir.liet 1.• 1. .1 ,r. r ;2 04.u:rt. (a, ;• • D.,Tt L. I •,. r,14., the rrarr:ttOr, LUX Itlll 4,114.

,Itwi,

===== 0002601_18940428_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
-CAPITAL" CHAT.

The split in the Irish Unionist ranks which has led to eu much delay in the appointment of the Committee on the Land Acts still continues, and lends, I hear, to become worse rather than better. It is said to be now quite an open question whether either Mr. T. W. Russell or :sir T. Lea—the two UlsteraLiberal Unionists—will again contest their seats. In point of fact it is practically certain that neither of them will do so unless affairs undergo an entire change. Sir Thomas Lea is in an indifferent state of health ; but apart from this the strained re- lations between the landlords and tenant farmers in Ulster have rendered the position very nearly in- tolerable. Both hon. members were returned as representatives of the tenant farmers, and on the different questions which have arisen they have re- gularly taken the side of the tenants as against the landlords. The question of the appointment of the Committee on the Land Acts brought matters to a head. The Irish landlords in the house did their best to obstruct the Committee, and it was only un- der direct pressure from the Unionist leaders that they ultimately withdrew the block. As it is,there is no question that their objet will be to weaken rather than to facilitate the inquiry. •

The Women's National Liberal' Association, which I broke off two years ago from the Federation has arranged the 'programme of its conference, to be held in the following week, in a different manner The discussions are open to men and women; the question of women's suffrage is ignored; and the ' nebates, which are upon questioas of general poli- tics, are to be opened in each case by a member of Parliament whose name is closely associated with the subject. Mr. Johp.Dillon will introduce a dis- cussion upon "The rejection of the home Rule Bill," Mr. G. W. E. Russell on "Local Government," and Mr. Sidney C. Buxton, Mr. Thomas Burt, and Mr.S. Woods and Miss Gilliland will ,peak upon various Itspects of the labour question. Lady Hayter, Lady Fry,and Mrs. Bryce will preside over the successive

At the annual photographic conference of the Camera Club, which opened on Monday afternoon, Captain Hills, LE, set forth some of the more re- cent uses made of the camera for taking observa- tions as to latitude and lengitude and for other as- tronomical and surveying purposes. The accuracy of the methods by photography was declared to be ten times greater than with sextant observations. Mr. W. F. Yeames, R.A., in a paper on the relation of painting and photography, took the view that photography had led painters to pay greater atten- tion to the value of tones in light and shade and to the truthful rendering of accessories in pictures,but that it had also led them into realism and into giv- ing a preponderance of importance to values over c‘,lour, which was, aft.-.er all, that which gave the greatest life and poetical effect to a picture.

Among the delegat.-s from this country to the International Miners' Congress, to be held this year tit Berlin, will be Jr. Burt, M.P., Mr. Woods, M.P., Mr. Pickard, M.P., Mr. Fenwiek, M P., Mr. J. Wit- sort, M.P. (Durham), Mr. 11-liton, Mt. Cowley, Mr. Ofernall, and Mr. Edwards. Altogether the British delegates will number twenty or twenty-five.

Mr. It. T. Coryndon, the successful huntei of the white rhinoceros, a specimen of which will shortly he exhibited at the tit:rural History Mueum,ielt England on Saturday en route to Mushonaland. I understand that he intends travelling to the nor- thern end of Lake Tanganyika, his main purpose being to collect specimens of the fauna and flora of the district for the British ..Nluseum, Air. Walter Itothehild's museum at Tting, Lord Wakingham's and other private collections. He will, however, also endeavour to do some good geogrdphical work by exploring the country to I.e mini' .i.vest of Tan- ganyika, and will, if posAhle, traverse the dark continent from east to west by completing his jour-. ney somewhere near the mouth of the Congo. llis collections will, however, be his chief aim, and his mements will be subordinated to them. Ilia absence may iange from two to five years,and there can be little doubt that when he returns our know- ledge of the zuology of the region traversed will be much advanced.

The Royal Horticultural eociety may be thoroQg hly congratulated on their show 011 Tuesday after- noon. Probably it was the very b -st, ot their smaller slow i seen at. West ininster. The National Aurieula and Primula Society was mkteh to the fore, ;mkt the chief prize they ga‘e was awarded to a really re- uietki.bly fine collection of auriculas. One herd:), knows how to foretell the future of these flowers, because they lend themselves so much to very sub- dued' and to very brilliant colours, the best of the latter being ‘iolet. Of course the &wizen—pale greens or greys with white centres—can only be appreciateu on a near view,but they are exceedingly lovely. There Were two curiosities in Tuesday's exhibition not so much admirable as noticeable. One was a pea green chrysanthemum, wonderful as an example of the floricuiturist's art, but not pret- tier than any common hedgerow weed. The other ' was a new InuAc with variegated leaves. Lord Foley's gardener sent a lox of forced srawberries, of extraordinary size,but probably tasteless. Some forced tomatoes contributed by the Queen's gar- dener at Windsor were al-o r, Met kable. The roses were very lovely. and 1. tl,ink easily beat those exhibited at the Royal Botrinical Society's show recently held at Regeuee Park. Polyanthuses, or- chids, heaths, flowering shrubs, ferns, end gloxinias helped to make up a brilliatd, display. Notwith- e•tituding a very wet aiterneoo, the Westminster Will hail was crowded with admiring spectators.

Sir Henry Roecoe headed P. deputation .to Sir Waiter Foster at the Local Co‘erittnent Board on Tuettday of tl.e Carpenters' Corapaii.v, who el:tinted that. us they spend no less thin ..E4.U00 per annurn• in teaching all branches of the huilding trade, the Guild should be allowed a represtotative on the proposea Committee for the examination of sani- tary inqiectors. It was contended that such in- s3ectors should be familiar not only wi; b plumb- ing, but also with the general work of construc- tion. From the favourable tone of Sir Walter Forster's reply it is anticipated that the concepsion asked for will be granted.

I hear that the National Ant i-Oimbling League have taken what they call the "het advice " on , the question of racecourse etwtosures and turf clubs and that, as a result, they have determined to OW- lenge their legality. The precise steps by which they will, raise the issue are now being considered. The League have also had i.yfore them the present unequal application of the Bert lug-house Act,which they contend is enforced by the authorities against, the insignificant . members of the betting system only, whilst more prominent offenders often escape scot-free. The League took upon this us a grave administrative scandal, and t•teps will be taken to put the Act in force in a direction not hitherto con- templated. In view of the.o threatened prosecu- tions it is interesting to note that the Committee of the League includes Mr. Meander Cross, M,P., Mr. J. Passmore Edwards, Dr. T. Davidson,aud the Hon and Rev. E. Lyt t elton.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
CLOCKS 10 WIND!

11y the end of the century another 01,1 ealling..will probably have dirappeared. In large insft hotels, schools. factories, railway ststions, kg.—where there is a , great number of clocks s man is now regu- larly employed to wind them. ri... of artre is rive shil- lings a clod( per annura. In .ne ol the l'sfiß hotels there are no fewer than three hundred aid the v. in- ders bill reaches the eoll‘hh r. to t•tini of £75 a year.. ltut,says " e:atornal. .I•Alryytl " long this item in the a ernnto s eII cika ppear. 1k sri ingunivus appheat ion of elect re-' y. whieti has stood min- cesliilly a urotracted trial at t•n- tr.leoa;,l) 4,frA:t. in L. Martin's-le•GrAnd, only one In ,rnta--elr.t•k IS I'o ee..4 all the other clocks consisting .11101%- or .11,,k. •ro.. ',moo are moved by electricity sirrinitaoeoi,lv with t hi-se of the mother clock, and as this 9hoold tie a if (antorna- tic) winder, there is no need tor a inaii'r ,eryiz•r;s rt til. Another advantage of this hventir,n. whieh his !leen adoptfd at the latest bunt 8cho,)1 in London, is that the time on each face talhes. and in every room the bonus strike precisely when the lowlier-clock rec;ords aloud the flight of time.

„ "7-- -, oif S'r '1:. 11, r 0:30% g 12P . ~, ,---7' /11.;'r•'--)t:flq'll JC.":efilfliffliS (c7",oll:ed, /v-y-r,4

flIvE EASE E.: COMPORT MIRING TEETHING. Co,ling Aperient for t'hiVr.n of all Try thorn and prove their va'ne to- yonrseive. _ .

every'wht•re in pagUets, Ig. 11. wi 2..:941.. or post fret, 14 0r34 stftrnps. J. PIZITCYTAIM. CIIEADLL, BIANCHES2EI: (iateCLaritosi Road).

LADIES' LETTER.

llly DEAims! NELLiz,

A pretty bridesmaid's dress has just been brought under my notice. It is simply made of pale-coloured crepon, trimmed with yellow lace, vaudyked on skirt and bodice, and inserted with satin ribbon of a contraLting shade. The large hat should be of straw, and may be trimmed with ;strict) ttps aad a wired butteitly cf guipure lace.

I must tell you of some excellent specimens oi millinery which have been brought to me. The first, a picturesque-looking hat, has a crown of coarse " burnt " straw, and transparent brim of wide lace. Crimson carnations rest on the hair, and others are arranged in a cluster on the outside, from the centre of which springs a jetted aigrette ; a black moire bow completes the trimming. The crown of a particularly elegant bonnet is one mass of lilac in a salmon tray veiled with crearn.coloured guipure, while the black meito ribbon bow and jetted osprey make an effective contrast. Another ht is of buttercup•coloured straw, with a jet di.tmond shsp3d crown, and the trimming is black feathers, csprey, and rosettes, with lace lining to brim, while a fourth is a ponc,i.au velvet, erns, mented with white ostrich plumes.

Among the new spring coats is. a ..ng example in rich black moire silk, fas Hotted with a high turn-ti-hack collar and sleeves of specially pretty make ; a handsome trimming of jet extcnds from tlie shoulders in long grace-giving lines, .a.;.(1 jet ornaments with long hinges adorn the toil basque on either hp. All the het coatis this season boast a great ,nplimte in the matter of sleeve and moite silk, 4,1.1 1 above everything the most poleax material %vbere.4 to make them. For young pi-1i the choice of inexp-n.isive coats is practically unlimited. Take for example a iteket, of black cloth with deep revers of molt 6 sitk and large pulled I.laeves of the same m4terial. This coat may be worn open or cloae.d with equal IIineCCS.A

Though the fashion prophets have time and again announced the death of the blouse, that useful and becomiug garment is more popular than ever, the most lovely inortele are made in every material. One is of pale-blue satin horizontally trimmed with two rows of white Madeira inser- tion, and the wants of the immediate future are being studied by the large assortment of muslin and washing blouses new on view. Another shows ono of a fancy trwilin with lace n.sertion let in down the fronts, and a cape of muslin edged with lace fal ing ill 1830 fashion over the shoulders and narrowing into the waist. This bodice has a besque, and een be worn over the shirt or onus ii it. A third dainty hher.se Is of rale-pink spot eJ muslin trimmed with trlo ValsLeienues insertion ; side by sine eitit thus° there are and tichuo of all yarn:tier, bonie to make the 1,40 dress low, and ot bets to Plb.4t; the low dress higii. One of this latter kind is a :quart, hih of meant coarse lace fuli over the et,ontier,.•,' sad Ad(1,5.1 with shaded hu.iot:opo in N., While; at the jer,„4„. deciriptien is a lovely ft Uniet) of cream With witi ti 55ti15 114, I Ala 4.4 Ihe scpatti !trig ,ce ,sriA bat k, and brentoit h ti Ile in (tits front.

y 1040,t0y, e.uN re

The itironesa Burdett-Coottp is a firm friend of sweet singing bird. and int-lowa of ail aninial4, pretty to read tl7at t• at Haydn Hall. a former reenve of her!, a large ninnber of rohins weir daily fed, and it was trite a witinl thing on a winter's morning to hear their iittle healcs tannin, the wintiows of 1110 sleepinv apartments of the flaror. ns a reminder that they were ready for their brealcf:ol."

OTTEY'S UNLABELLED

STRONG IF FM ALE Pi

Thpsp p4lt P. always remove i I b4l-1,010,H H erorel nos, carve whatever, where c,reinary :.te e,pei }H !I.• Pilis leen. 11,v:doab1e to married V. puler.. it. trt:e oriel r e over ler 10. 14, ard 33 stamps. from T 0 1%1 A S OTTIY, Cirrrist 11 RI (IN-C/C-I ii 1.+?.. Pis, se st..rii6r: tIIt p e r

4:,-, ,73 /- 01. T....;--Y • • ~4?Fir1:77.710,4:5:.-IN .7.,lsikv yA,,' :14v . •,,,..\41j.c,,,1'0,14 k:.iiliLirk \?!;.•,t ~.,, , t,.kili\ vh:tl 1 *4.'411t1\421.,• "I Iii,!;ill / \i'''''''''''b •4ZI i: 41111,T,V," ' !;;;11,11141.whii,,i4/IV,4\ . 4'ilysl,-,-.1.1,,e4,,,5, I .71111,1,1,1;If',11.1, 'll'll lII' :1010\ " 111110 Ile tl‘ \l3t'ilkr. iiiit !'l,itpt li. 1 d Rijc:',Nr.Jl',..l:l,:ll,lW=l: v,A, li3t.:l:llll,ll,itiiii:--.l;rl,,iti.ilr\li\t;\:,:i:%.,k‘ \4 qi,ewfitillp,l;4'i, Iv ~,, t .4r.n.,,ki ,

C g.S:)C-'qf; ,- ------.,.gi1r,1M1.;.•-,,, ,tli'ylg".•,k •Vi' .- ' tj t. e ,t 1 (Av (7P- • / ' ;I;%A` ' Y 11:1,,ti ( ---Vi,',, 41-Pi'v4Nil, %:-tititt4;6". ,-- .5.,.. ...: ,-e,/ , --- charmi

fS, 5,,...;". ~,,.."‘",,..-•••••41 " • ,fig•'.o-I'.'V;,l" ''l 4,:rit4 4 - .i.' . • ~.,.,„-.., 4-,;: --......... tli,\:-.1-1,-.1.4 '.-;-_-__....... • ,:117' / ...• , ' 'i '4;tf i , \I.. ///' g '. ~... • . rj4.-k-'): IV ( \\\ ••:.\ A, , , • 1.. i ~,,K,- • • I.k( -' ' l'' • ''''‘q, \.` Ki ~.\\ \ ,• - \ . • ii N '. -...' •'

===== 0002601_18940428_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
11-IF, EXAMINER sATURP Y. APED, 28, 1F94.

Mdme. Calve carri-s her ..wu ch:tmpague with her from one c:ty to another, p,sitivei; refusing t drink any brand other than that which she knows all aoout. _

The Duke of Parma, fa 7 her of the Pritwe.44 of Bulgaria is the prince who can boast of the mot children arnott:: the princes of Europe. Ho has ti:teen, viz., ten daugh- ters and five sons, all of whotn &reliving. The clever American authoress, Mrs. Amelie Rive Chanter," is devoted to her own beauty and to beautiful women in general," and i said to have so keen an appreciation of her own charms that net a day passes without her thanking God for Bit; gift of loveliness. According to an American Newspaper, there is one woman Freemason in the world. Her name is (Mrs.) Salome Anderson, and she lives in California. She secretly entered a lodge-room in Paris, witnessed some of the initiation ceremonies, and on being discovered, was admitted into the Order. _ . .

Although a good judge of horseflesh and a capital rider, the Prince of Wales has never excelled as a dein], and seldom, if ever, has been seen driving himself in London. Strangely enough, his sons followed in his footsteps, but the young princesses, his daughters, are ' smart and safe whips. The Duchess of File in particular is an exceedingly first-rate driver. Patti Rosa, although still so young, is said to be the • wealthiest of American actresaes. Sue made her first appearance on the stage at the early age of four, and invariably acts children's parts, in which she is inimi- table. Her movements, treks, and by-play are eateral to a degree, the result. ot her study of children in tneir hours of freedom. All her stage frocks are copies of those worn by little girls of the period.. Lady Wicklow is the subject of the sketch in the "Gentlewoman " this week. She is devoted to country life and pursuits, and above all, to her gardens, which are amongst the meet picturesque in Ireland. Her ladyship has just married Mr. Marcus Beresford, grand- son of the late Lord Primate Beresford, Archbishop of Armagh. Mrs. Lynn. Linton complains that youth is rapidly being done away with nowadays. She deelares that we all make our children in-n and women before they are out of the nursery, end in consequenee life is being robbed of half its jay for the emning eeneration. It is very certain that neither babies not children are what they were two or three decades since. Infants ate un- questionably inure "forward " than they used to be,and little lads and maideus of six and eight and ten years of age have, in these days, ail the selt-confidence, aplomb, and diction of youths and girls doub:e their age. There is one wetnan only in England. Scotland, or Ireiana. who enjoys the distinction of being entitled to the degree of Doctor of • Music, and it is fro:n the Emersld Isle that this talented young lady hails sae:. " You and I." Some tow reAra ago th a degree was con- ferred on the Princess of 'riales, but in was of course, en honorary one. Miss Pattevson—or Dr. Patterson, to give her her proper title—leas achieved distinction in many other fields than that of music. She -holds the B.A. degree of the Royal University of Ireland, with honours in modern Literature and in English, French, and Italian, and is senior medallist in natural scieuce, conferred by the authorities at South Kensington. She has also triel her hand at poetry with consaterahle suc- cess, welting, in teeny instaeces,the libretto fordter own musical compositions. Die universality of.her genius is further evidenced by the.certificartes she holds for free- hand and model drawing Irma South Kensington.

The Cup that cheers. Very frequently dyspepsia results from the constant doses of tannin %hum many people take, not Once, but several times a day. Tannin has the property of render- ing hard and insoluble all kinds of animal food, and theref n.e.t et taken wah Inei is injurious, as Inc, meat. is made diffunilt, of digee.ti•in. It has been found that 4 sur.ill pinch of bicarbonate of soda pat in arch cup materially ditnini,h3 the effsc of the tannin. The addition of milk has a similar action, though not to such a marked digree; and it is prom.,bly ill- this reason that it is so universally use i. Tnere are many preparations' recount-win:lA to render tea narinless ; but it is wiser to drink it weak and soariu2ly Vian to trust to any antidotes. The best time t take it is with a light meal in the afternoon, becau,l 'he nervous sybtem is tired and fatigued aft,r tie dav's work, arid the gentle stimulus aff mled ti.y the mymec refreshes and reinvigorates the whole body without any of the ill-effects which fellow the . use of most stio.iulents. Even tea. Ina , however, be used so as to prcduce injury, nod al, its good effects lost. Those who drink it mornmit, noon, ad nittmt, become slaves to the habit, quite as much as those is ho habitually take . too much alcoool, f it its etT,•cts on the nervous system ' may result in depresaion, I,,ss of willi-»wer, paipitatioo • of the heart and very mark 41 hius.:olar treamrs. In- veterate dyspepsia, and general nurvonsiless may be produced. There i 4 A wale,;or,ad and pernicioni fmnir..— i unfortunately becoming touch mote previActit women—of drinking a cup of tea first tlitrit iii vie morning. It is - used as a szimulent at the very time when the whols syz,tein might to be refreshed by the niOit's rest and reidy tor %vork This. practice is,,r!e,, La-4km thoughtlessly and unnecessarily. The orate (it ichal and body which .oeinauds it must be i,nproved by suirable medical treatment. Men 3,:mietinies their habit of t%king alcohohe •a tips " in tile morning to counteract their depre,siort by viinting I,the eqoally injucieious practice of w‘amen taking tea for the se toe purpose.—" Cassell's Family .:11ayazine."

===== 0002601_18940428_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
NUTT- ERN BOON

(Unequalled for DRSIROYING NITS. and PARASITIN in 114 P HUMAN HAIR.) OF E\l ITS and the PROPRIETOR, J. L. M UX 0 N. 252, PARK-ROD. LiVIOPOOL. U. and it. per box, Post Free 7L and it. .

===== 0002601_18940428_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
PMtLLAMENTM.V CUNSTITUENCIES.

AND CHESUIRE.

connectiol witti. the registration b It, now befor, Choii'se of Con wins, n ithialr'turn h 4, been i.sutil giving pirticulars 10 ,ach ristitueney in England and Wales, snowing in sep.trA to columns the population ol the last census, the pr«...ient nuinb:r tionses, ot occupiers, lodgers 44141 OW:10.1*S. We quote the ii4uras for some of the county divtsions of Cheshire and La.nea- 6hire

- • , . Popula- Oen. Log- Total. . tis-nl.• Houses piers. era. OwnesEleety*.• Wirral E iiiisbury Crewe Northwich Southport Ormblcirk ' 64.093 12,191 8.773 61 92' ' 9,763 Bootle Widnes 64,597 11,245 821 23 798 9 100 Newton 63,096 11.4)5 8.921 15 1.477 10,413 ince - 67 021 12,229 .9.302 112 976 1.'";,-310 Le 1,441 65.167 12.693 9.636- 6 C. 50 10.32 , ;•;itrii,liir returns arn given with reforvnce to the borooLzii 1 itoiistit Petioles, except 1 hat ok;*iiers are eliminated, an..-1 in their p!ace eoine the few remaining freemen who Still continue to qualify its electort. : • -Popula- °can- Lodg- Free- Total Lion. Honses. piers. ers. rnen. Elee- -1 tors Itlrkenkead.. ...... 99.357 17.495 13.005 9‘'l3 -- 13.913 ChM, tr Liverpool Kirkciale A alton 6B-,03 12 938 3,738 162 97 2.9.47 Nverton ... West Derby Scotland Exelia• Ige Anerceinhy ' -55.530 8,ti36 3.489 223 81 8,794 N. Toxt.,th . tV, Toxteth 64.700 L 1,166 7,829 46 73 7,948 Preston St. Edens Warrington 5N,349 10,11 a 8.u71 73 8.144 WI ga LI - 53,i 13 9,930 7,471 183 , 7.634

Lord Fairfax, or, as m calls hilwelf, Dr. Fairfax of yhryiand, is thetmly English peer who is at, American :!itizen, and who also brin4s up Ilia children as suet). Br' t-ok the degree of M.D. before the Fairfax titles auti estiteS fell to hire. Ile tires ne.ver taken i 11.4 SeAt in the lloose ot Lrd Lor the oath of allegiance :its a reprr- sentative per.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
SOMETHING ANNOYING.

Nothim; puts an Engli4hu2ln .)it quicker than to henr a man b,•.astine of hiiiise4 ..r ,f hi:- own iiehievements. Let othors praise you. we say—hlowing one's (Aim trum- pet i put. (town as hca.4. Now Drag may :be it good dog. but iloldfast is bett4..r. and H.Mocea has a fast hold on thr British ouhlic. And it the endorsement (if the public that has e 3 te..ed hi. N••.,..v ileatrly " raui.llv into favour. Our tt-Ainionials spz.ak for them- selves.

TEs CIMONI FROM THE GREAT AMIGAN EXPLORES, HENRI' M. it'ANI.EY. vVtivehall. London-.

f)erir ,itrut‘-tit,ilt lialtOCRA, wns o. he td+o-tts f,ll eifi utiggent Oil*. 1 could 1....,s-r 11,5; tor !sly ft:ict,,red lirutlt: ypems to r,t,if.)., 1' ,f,tv • t wr. :I)%r toossaft•• .Z,;;;•• i" 111,0 rlley /04 r-goire r.:,t,1,•,,- larlya rnfliiitie: 1 Ifl)si; ing! • !-!;!, Mi. in tit, ~1 taitht,lll%. P 14741:r NI. " - TSAI) C(iNniF !Of Eh I tromi.:cEik did him m. 0., la 00,1 11,311 will ever tlied tor ri,eu- triatiro. .

L.kIY I,7INcEN 1.. maim, : •• no- mi.i.ea T:4 such ~rt in;• 1,0 f. Ruoutiut- tic Neuzalght,Ahat. v.itt• .41:h 1c ye w, 'non:. tuts

LORD CAIIINCK : t,--rify to the fond ~t Ij. tX3!:•1.1.4, spim. iq 15,4'ing3 our " J ieiri •ta i.• t • the •,1h,p...•!::,v ' •••• t s'•• WiTa thp 9.iit t 1.,•2"•' rroAd. i‘.:it; tu varirms ways-. A ••••!• I tho ••ft irtilh.t. •••", ' . ~,,uff iil k it 1,{4 nv-ballipr.the_ allay 6 irrit lapin •1 1i.„„,.; '• I'l,E -I's /1"..”

• ~•)t ir2mt)::E 4. it.. obtalned f •.. • • *. 1 . .• 3 ! per b .:111 tur 14. 3 k,c, 3.. the, whz.,tes:.;- Snld in Ow hy .f•R. youN,;. sTRERT, tht. t'cunr nf v..,? NA AC SPEA liumac7 .TRPRT luN- j,C.ie.a.kat BRIDUE, CREW'S. (2)

THE DOUBLE LI. On, THE HAMPTON MYSTERY

By the Author of " DARKWOOD."

CHAPTER X. OUT INTO THE WORLD.

To hallowed duty, Rere, with a loyal and devoted heart, Bind we our lives.

Mr. OSC 00%

The untainted virtue of your years Eath not yet dived into the worid:s dteeit.

SilAiisPEr,B.

While the Lady Beatrice Hampton, in her char- acter of belle and leader of society, was thus gain- ing new commendations from the fashi6nable world, events were shaping themselves in such a way at The Evergreens as would wriug her heart with awful anguish. The evening f.,llowing her departure was passed by her secret family in the drawing- room, but a cloud seein-?,d to have faPen upon the young people, usually so merry and light-hearted. Accustomed as they had all their lives been to their mother's brief and stolen visits, they were too affectionate ever to have Leconte reconciled to them.

The count, his brows clouded with a gloom he could not shake off, and which he attributed to the tidings of Lord Adlowe's return, excused himself fin the little circle, that he might not be a shadow upon its gaiety, and went up to his study. The three children gathered together around the drawing-room Giralda's sweet ihoughtfulneso had deepened. Her thooghts seemed far away, and a strangely resolute (!preasion brooded in her dusky eyes. Pay leaned against her knee. Rupert sat beside her, his face bright and glowing with hie secret hopes mid aspirations. For some time not one of tho three spoke. At last little Fay broke the silence by a buret of • childish sobs.

" What is the matter, darling 1" asked his sister, alive at once to his grief. "I want mamma," cried the little fellow, with a grieved quiver of his lips, raising his wet violet eyes in a pleading expression that touched Giralda's heart. "Oh, I wish I were a man ! I would work and keep her always with us ! I miss her so when she has gone!" he added, with a moaning cry. "I know you do," said Giralda, soothingly, " but mamma would be distressed if she knew how you grieve every time she goes from us." Fay checked his sobs and tears, awl forced a pitiful little smile, more mournful than his tears had been. "Girabia," exclaimed Rupert, raising his spark- ling eyes to his sister's face, " I have the promise of goine into a university. You don't know how happy f am. I mean to be a great man yet, for mother's sake."

thri.l,la sympathised with his hopes as she had 'done with. 'y' grief. Yet every word spoken by tatter of the lads confirmed her secret resolution of lessening i;er mother's burden by enrnin,z, her own s.upport. Believing implicitly in the fiction of her ladyship's stage toils, she fancied herself bound in honour to care for herself.

The evening passed. The count returned to his family, and an hour of quiet, plem3ant conversa- tion followed. Then Me..,,,gy Fledt, the house- keeper, her as,irstant, and the coactiman, were called in to evening prayers, after which the little family separated for the night.

Left alone, Giralda ascended the stairs slowly, and went into her fathers study. Upon a table in u diSLant corner was a collection of itsily end weekly papers, Nviiio.l: the young people were rarely allowel to see, lest by some e:,unee they should come upon thei-e mother's natoe.

G;rultla took up a dozen of these, and hurried with thorn to her chamber, locked the door, drew 3, chair to tlx t;re, placed her caedleE4 on a little inLdi rit..%rtd. it:,7 her elbow, and 1.1,1 t down by the fire to read. Her eye WaB cmit by a name, and she looked ht the article in which the te;.ate oc- curred,

" On, s only about a fashionable lady who went to some bill,' she said. "it was the name Beatrice ' that artaNt,d my attention. I fancied it in4:,ht ls somuthib.4 about Beatrice, Countess of Arevalo. I f4)rgaStlli4 1100. Wears SOnIC other name on the stave. This lady iS itamed the I ady Beatrice Hamptoo. She is an earl's datigi ter. The paper says," and she read alowl, " 'lle Lady iieatrice :la:opt-fin was the star of tile gay assembly. tier beauty eclipsed iseli. Iler wit wit's fairly seintillant. Her coldness, for a bib the is noted, was more marked than ever. She w,re her family diamonds, the intiA impel]; ,ems ii -,.i!e excepting, pirlo.ps, ti&es ot i.er latly.6ltip the CountesS of Du' le "

Giralda thii6lied. the article, and dropped. the

pttper. " l ier3tm.nge," she thou:;ht, with A weary look on her lovely young face, " how wieguAly the .zood thinQ of this hh are ili,B;lo..ited ! There is this Lady Beatrice 'Campton, neied for her costly jew,3ls, amnired :.;int petted. and siliel,!ed, while my beautiful mother has to sing or act on the stage to support her family. If mamma had only a hun- dredth part of we‘Atli of that Lady Beatrice ! But she has seniAidng retter," he added. "It seems that the Lady Beatrice is coll and heartless. ,Mamma is all heart and soul ; the noblest. and most generow-, woman that ever lived I" 14a br!ty,;lt, glow on her cheeks sh tle (:(,urt, paper aiJe, and took up the oi -el of the titumbled upon a LA4,4 WTI r* whrch read as follows :

" rle,viant tempered Lady as ..sc, titry and .Co.opanion to an elderly, invalid gentle- .fl sabay, but a good home guaranteed. Trc.:vdyan, ifevelyan ParL, Glamor:- 'Oh ks."

4;4 :add.. read the not,ce again and again. I did pot iaer t 11:: positinu Bhk., desired, but she it

" i'eor old gsntleman " she mused. "An !I am sure he must be alone in the world. Ile waats stone one to read to him alai give him his mediciaes. I can do that as well as any cue. I.st nit see. This is to-day's paper. If I apply ..;issur,ly I may ohtain the situatioaa' Aetna she pusseeel the advertisement. " Altlious:h f in tonic against the willot my dear parents, anti only frodi my love for them, and my desire to lessen their heavy burdens," she said, eoftly, "I must consider, above all, their wishes even in this matter. Mamma has never allowed one of her children to go to London. She would not app:eve my going there, even to help her. if I must go from home, she would like me to live in the family of some nice old gentleman. As a ' sseretaryandeempanion ' in Wales, I should lead a very secluded life. No one could or would harm me there. I feel &awn to answer this ad- vertisement. I cannot write to,Lord Trevelyan— the advertiser is is lord, it seems—because I cannot post or receive letters unnoticed. I must answer the advertisement in person. I must answer it to- morrow I" She leaned forward, staring earnestly at the fire. " I must thoroughly realize what I am about to do," she murmured. "1 am leaving a good home, the dearest and best of parents, the most loving of brothers—and for what? Papa writes books, but he dooe .not make enough from them to keep us in this style. My mother is an opera singer, or , actress, toiling for her children. I have been well educated. No money has been spared upon me. I can sing, dance, draw—can read and con- verse in several languages. Papa and mamma have aimed at making me a very accomplished woman. Ought I not to turn these accomplishments to use? I am past sixteen years of age. Is it not wrong for me to be a dead weight upon the dear hands of my mother 7', She considered the question long and earnestly. It was no girlish love of change that prompted I her desire to leave her home. She loved that home in which her sunny life had been passed. She worshipped her parents and brothers. She dreaded leaving those dear (men, and only her sense of duty upheld her in her purpose. "I must not be weak and childish,, ' she said, as tears dropped in quick succession from beneath her downcast eyelids. "I must think of the joy any parents will have when I send home my first earnings! lam the eldest child. I must help any mother." She knelt beside her chair in the warm glow of the firelight, and prayed for guidance, assistance and protection. Her upturned face was like the face of a young saint, in its rapt devotion and self- sacrifice.

She arose from her knees, her purpose strength- ened into a firm determination. - "Since I must apply at once," she said, "I must leave home this very night, in order to arrive at Trevelyan Ptrk in the morning." Her features were momentarily convulsed with pin, but she controlled her emotions by a resolute effort. She examined the contents of her purse, count- then with soft stem went to her

warctrove,!toset and brought fort 4 a Rust la leather travelling bag. Then she selected from th, drawers of her dre,,isi,:g bureau, under-linen, collars, and other neees6arios of the toilet. A &at ek bilk dress and a garnet merino filled the bag to a most pleth- oric; state.

Then she collected together all her girlish trin- kets, her petty necklaces and lockets, and rings, and shut them into her ebony jewel-cas- ket.

"I shall not Want those where I am going," she thought, hanging up the key. Her next movement was to dress for her jour- ney. She robed herself in a French gray cash- mere, with short skirt, just permitting to be visi- ble the tips of her dainty Polish boots, put on a fiannel-link:a jacket of the same material, a set of gray lamb-skin furs, and a jaunty hat of infini- tesimal proportions. "I don't look much like a nurse," she thought, dizappointedly, as she regarded the piquant re- flection in the glass. "But perhaps Lord Trevel- yan will think less of my looks, and more of my temper and willingness to please him." She pinned on her veil, and then brought her little malachite writing-desk to the fireside, and sat down to write a letter to her parents. It was a hard task. More than a dozen sheets of paper were destroyed and cast into the fire be- fore she succeeded in her effort. The letter, blotted with tears, was at length finished. It was addressed to her "dear parents." She told them simply that she deemed it her duty to work for her own support, and to assist them. She did not tell them where she was going. She gave them no clue to her intentions, beyond say ing that she should avoid London, and ever bear in mind th-e precepts she had been so carefully taught. She prayed them to forgive and bless her, and promised to write them again as soon u she could send them her first earnings.

That was all. But the traces of her bitter sor- row were visible in every line. She folded the letter, inclosed it in an envelope, and laid it on her unpressed pillow. Then, with choking sobs and tears, she looked around the pretty chamber for the last time. There were her treasured books and pictures, the statuettes she loved so well, all the little treasures of her childhood and young girlhood; the pretty bed where she had slept so peacefully, and dreamed such happy dreams; the great easy-chair where she had nestled • the bay window that had been to her a fairy palace. It was hard to leave them all—harder than she had thought. She bade a sileni; adieu to her room and its be- longings, calmed herself resolutely, and opened the door. She passed out into the hall, her trav- elling-bag in her hand, her veil pushed off from her 'face. She crept along silently to Rupert's door, paused, and listened. The sound of regular breathing came from within.

She softly opened the door and crept into the room.

Rupert was asleep. She could see his face, spirited even in repose, outlined against his pillow. She approached the bed and bent over her brother, dropping tears on his jetty hair. "Good-by, darling brother," she whispered, softly. "It is for you lam giving up what is most precious to me. Supply to our parents the place of Giralda, dear Rupert." She stooped and kissed him, the boy sleeping calmly on. A moment she stood there, then she turned and crept from the chamber as silently as she had en- tered it. _

She moved along the dim hall as silently as a spirit, and passed through into the room of little Fay. He was sleeping too. There was a night-lamp bnruing on the mantel-piece, and by its light the loving sister surveyed her darling—her mother's darling. How fair and sweet and gentle he was His cheeks just flushed with the tint of the wild-rose, his golden hair streaming over his pillow. Girahla's heart yearned over him. . .

She kissed him with passionate earnestness avain and again. When he stirred faintly, she hid behind the en:tains but came out again when he settled into deeper slumbers.

At last she tore herself away. She hurried along the hall to the aoor of her father's chamber. She knelt at his threshold and. breathed a silent prayer. Then she glided down the stairs, through the unlighted ',Aver hall, and hastened through the roams to a garden door. She unlocked it and passed out into the dark, windy night. She moved along the walk among the shadows, herself only a deeper shadow. 'When she had gained a little distance from the dwelling she paused and looked back. A light was gleaming from the windows of the ' count's study. She could just trace in the back- ground her father's face and figure as he sat at liis- -I..:riing table busy with his pen. wild impulse came over wraida to return. She struggled with it and resisted it, believing that the path she had entered upon was the path of (ilty. She excused her independence of her parents with the plea that her fond mother was sacrificing herself to keep her in idleness, and that when she bad shown that she was capable of supporting her- self both the couht and the Lady Beatrice would approve her course. - With an anguished farewell to her unconscious father, Giralda hurried to the garden gate. The key was hanging beside it. She unlocked it and passed out, latching it behind her. Then she flew along the dark country road towards the station, eager to catch the night train. • She arrived in time at the station, procured her ticktt, was seated in the train by the guard, and then went speeding on her way into the darkness and the night. She had 'fairly entered the great world ; had cast off the wise and loving guardianship of her parents through a strained sense of duty, and was moving boldly towards the snares from which her father and mother would have guarded her with their lives. She was going straight to her father's worst enemy—the vindictive and merciless Marquis Trovelyan To be continued.)

"PROFESSOR, : " No w, I've put you ten quesiions, none of which you have answered right. That comes from your being absent from my classes the best pert of six months." Candidate : " That comes from this, that a fool can ask ten times more than a wise man can answer."

_ "You say that a man is a vapour?" " Yes ; so the Bible says." " Well, I'm downright glad to hear it; lam so." "Why do you say that ?" "Because it backs up the remark I made to Bill Tibbs just the other day." "What was that ?" "I told him he was a gas bag." Chicago Ledgcr. MR. GOODMAN: "There is nothing like charity, my poor man." Mr. Poorman : •' No more there is, sir." Mr. Goodman: "We should always help one another." Mr. Poorman "Very true sir. Will you kindly lendtme a dollar ?" Mr. Goodman (hastily) : "'Von misunderstand me. I mean in a strictly spiritual purpose. '—Philade,lphia Call. SOME one was speaking of the end of the world. " Do you think it will come soon?" asked eight- year-old lithe, eagerly. "No, I guess not," was the reply. "Oh! I hope it won't," said the wee girl; "it would be too mean if it did—before I got a chance to be married.' WHEN the Rev. Mr. C— was minister of the U.P. Church in Sanquhar, he called one day, in the course of. his pastoral visitation, on a decent old woman who was a member of his congregation. Engaged in friendly conversation with het, he said, "I hear your potatoes are not very good this year, dennett ? " "'Deed are they no,' sir," said Jennet, "they're very bad ; but l've reason to be thankfu' that ither folk's are as bad as my am." AN old Baptist preacher, so straigut a Calvinist that he leaned over backward, was defending his doctrines against a man as ignorant as he was obstinate. At length the preacher said to his opponent, " Now, look here, my friend, don't you believe what is to be will be ?" •‘ No, I dont at all. I believe what is to be won't. be."

"On," gasped fat Mrs. 'Weighty, as she ascended the second ilight ox stairs in her new residence, •• I really cannot run up any more stairs." "Of course not," testily onsw,ret: her husband ; " but if the stairs were maAi .of tiressuiahers' bills, you couhl run them up very can." " I do detest pun.,," exchimed liis. WeagliTy, the next day, reeount,ng the conversation to a friend.

LITTLE. Billy, weo Was abotit four year old, iter waiting for Ids lunch agouti while with commend- alilc patience, aid," may I have 'some sardines and Oread ?" To the fond mother' reviled, " Net now, Billy. Wait until lam ieady to give them to " BUT., lite who s hungry, uot you." And tile ',our htic iellow's eyus filled with tear:,

J 1 : PTUPE CURED WITHOUT OPERATION.—S. ;T. Fherman, Her!. £4, Chancery-Lane, Londoi ; 2e, King.. street, Manchester ; and 4 Burlington-ehambers. New-street, Pirrn,ngh TBook on rupture and evil of trusses, post iLe

ANIMAL COMBATS AT THE ROMAN GAMES.

The first animal combat took place in the year s.e. 18. Bulls, bears, stags and many other beasts, exotic or borne-bred, fought together or with men, who were called " bestiares." A hundred years later rarer crea- tures were introduced, such as crocodiles, hippopotami, rhinoceroses, and even the giraffe. The appearance ot such animals says much for the cleverness of the hunters employed to cater for the Roman spectacles, since from gladiatorial days down to the early part of the preseno century no giraffes or hippopotami were brought to Europe owing to the extreme difficulty of capturing them alive.

At the fete of a hundred days given by Titus in the. rear 80, 5,000 savage beasts of various kinds were shown in one day, and at the spectacle given by Trajan, wliicn lasted four months, no less than 11,000 animal 3 were exhibited. Never was there such a splendid opportunity for the naturalist and the anatomist. The imperia. menageries were, as might be expected, extraordii.ariiy rich in rare creatures, and would quite have thrown our modern Zoological Gardens into the shade. The cost of the keep of so many carnivorous animals was enormous, and Caligula, in time of dearth, seriously considered the advisability of using criminals as fodder for his savage pets. . _

- The necessities of transport gave a wonderful stimu- lus to certain trades. The smiths and carpenters were kept hard at work making strong cages' while innumer- able traps and lassoes had to be provided for the hunters who were employed in all parts of the world to take ferocious beasts alive. In spite of anxious care and vast expense, many were the disappointments caused by the non-arrival of early expected living cargoes, owing to storms and contrary winds. During the long voyages and the interminable journeys overland, when the heavy cages were dragged by slow bullocks, many of the animals died, and others arrived in so pitiable a plight that they were quite incapable of " .showing light." .

The animals were usually introduced into the areni. ornamented with variegated scarves, metal plaques,. gold leaf, and tinsel. They were also painted in gaudy coleurs. Bulls were painted white, sheep purple, ostriches vermilion, and the lions had their manes gilded. The creatures were excited to fight by means of whips. and darts, and sometimes two of different species wer, tied together until, frantic with rage. they tore eacii other to pieces. Curious and unnatural contests were arranged, buffaloes being set to fight with bears, lions with giraffes, and tigers with rhinoceroses. Chassems, with English or Scotch hounds, fought the most savage beasts, and a distinguished champion could kill a bear with a blow of his fist, or vanquish a lion after blinding him by throwing a cloth over his eyes. The Roman animal trainers must have been men of extraordinary genius, and would certainly have put our modern trainers to the blush. We hear of Julius Ctesar being lighted to his house by elephants carrying torches in their trunks, and Mark Ant ony being drawn through the streets by lions harnessed to his chariot. Unwieldv bulls learnt to walk on their hind legs, stags were trained to obey the bit, and panthers to bear the yoke.. Peaceable antelopes were taught to fight with their horns, and fierce lions were rendered as docile as dogs. In one of the spectacles given by Dornitian a perfortnieg lion carried hares into the arena in his mouth withein- hurting them, let them go, and caught them spin. Elephants wrote Latin verses and danced on the tight rope. Pliny tells el one of these animals who learnt lees quickly ',llan its fellows,and being anxious,presumablyoss catch them up, or to escape punishment, was discovered rehearsing its lesson in the middle of the night. Far more horrible and demoralising than the cemhsts were the wholesale executions of prisoners, who were bound to pests in the middle of the arena, and devoured by the beasts that were let loose upon. Semetmes the, poor creatures were provided with arms, which only served to prolong their agonies for a few moments. In the year 47 multitudes of Breton prisoners were masse- cred in this fashion at Rome, while at the conclusiee ef the Jewish war 2,500 Jewish prisoners perished at Cetsarea during the public games. Pantomimes and tableaux vivants were terribly realistic entertainments under the Empire. Criminals appeared dressed in magni- ficent garments, from which filmes sodden': butes: forth and consumed the wearers. lxion was shown en wheel, and Mucius Scaevola holding his hand in ;A brazier until it was reduced to nshes. Another poet- wretch was supposed to represent Orpheus. He plase•i upon the lute, and all nature seemed subjegsted be 1): performance. Trees bowed down to listen to him, timid animals followed him, and birds perched upon his head. Just as the spectatores were beginning to weary of this innocent amusement a heir rushed out, and beingpresumably insensible to the charms of music, devoured the unfortunate minstrel amid general applause.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
SOMETHING LIKE A PARK!

The Yellowstone National Park (U.S.A.) is a magnifi- cent domain in its proportions, extending nearly six,y- five miles from north to south.and fifty-five miles from east to west. The Yellowstone Lake lies near tha south-eastern corner of the district, the Yellowstone River flowing from its upper boundarv, and runnirez almost due north. The lake is twenty-tw, miles in length, its average width from ten to fifteen miles. Is height above the level of the sea is sgven thousand feet, while its basin is surrounded by mountains reaching an altitude of over ten thousand feet, the peaks of which are covered with perpetual snow. Numerous hot springs are found on the shores of lake, and also along the banks of the river. About fifteen miles from its source,the river takes two distinct. precipitous leaps, known as the Upper and the Lower Falls, and beyond the fells cuts its way through an im- mense canon,the vertical walls of which reach at placos. the height ef fifteen hundred feet. Near the western boundary of the park the Madison, an important tribu- tary of the Columbia, takes its rise ; and along on ef the branches of this river, known as Fire-Hole River, are found numerous extraordinary geysers, some or which throw volumes ef boilinc, water to a !eight en.- needing two hundred feet. In the north•western cot ner of the park the Gallatin, another tributary of the Columbia, takes its rise.

ALL men are not homeless, but some are home less than others.

IN A DANGEROUS PLAcr..—A writer of a love. tale, in describing his heroine, says : " Innocence dwells in the rich curls of her aark hair.' A critic, commenting on this passage says : " Sorry to hear it ; we think it stands a perilous chance of being combed out." his FAVOITRITE ANIMALS. - Sunday-school teacher: "Do you love animals ? " Boy: " Yes'm." "That's right; I'm glad you do. What animals do you like best?" "Snakes." " Crodness Why do you like snakes?" "'Cause it ain't wicked to kill 'em." "MA," said Master Biggs, "may I go to the circus to-night?" "No, Tom." "Then I'll go and get the measles, that I will ; I know a boy who has 'em prime."

===== 0002601_18940428_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PLAGUE OF LIFE

A "Little Cough," THE RUIN OF HEALTH: A " Little Cough. THE FORERUNNER OF DEATH A " Little Congh." Which may be CURED :now by theIIIIMMEDIATE USE a HALL'S FOR INFLUENZA, ][_,UNG RESTORER Registered AND ALL CH EST LUNG AND THROAT RESTORER COMPLAINTS. Never Fails. It POiSESSEs PQWBR T UNG to sooluE. .lIELIEvE ad HEAL, which exist no 1• -I-4 RESTORER other preparat s in FOR COUGHS UNG -I.J RESTORER 011. COLDS. Never Fails. It NEVE ft FAIL i to GIVE T UNG INSTANT RELIEF. A-4 IIESTORER Tint FIRST DOSE IS A SOOTHING FRE- T UNG LIME TO THE CURE. .1.-J RESTORER INDUCES SLEEP Calm and Refreshing.

T uNG - -E-4 pESTORER DOES NOT CONTAIN - LAUDANUM, OPIUM. t)," lA, Never Pails MORPHIA. T UNG Fon IV 110 OPIN G _I -.4 RESTORER COUG El. T UNG IT ACTSIL;IED.A ECoHrrAR:H.• 1-1 R E STOR. (3 E Eliildril like it. Never Fails. ONE HALL'S T LNG i?ESTORER PROVES ITS VALUE. .1...1 Registered ESTABLISHED 40 YEAI:S- - ES INSTANT NEVER -N EVER, RELIEF. FAILS. .FA LS.

EXTRACT FROM LETTER OF WITNE,S BEARE': Mrs. A. Smith, Orphan Home for Girls. Croy,loft • To Mr. THOS. HALL.—" DEAR SIR, —I am pleAsed to tcstify to the great benefit derived from the use of your LUNG' RESTORER, which I kayo Oven to s-veral childr,R my home—in ty.o cases particularly its kffects were Mai vel- h-sis. having cured most obstinate Cough. I shall be ph-ased to recommend it to alholy fri,nds."

CAUTION.—When yo o ahk, nsii for a Bottle of 1T.414:5 BUM; ItP.'&1'011.11:1?, d'in't be persuaded ti acrept arthotg else. Upon the 91,14;ie wimp, ,er of every genuine tottle appears my Trade:Wl-ark (the fik,ore of lior;E) and Signature. Beware of framittlent imitations and innovst ions. Sold by Chemists and tores everywhere, in Bottles, 19. 14. (1. ard 29. 9d. tilionid there be nay difficulty in obtaining, it will bo sent carriage paid, on receipt of 1,.0:0* for the amount, from THOi. 1111. LL, 24, Quewu Victortir tea. Leu3QE.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0021.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_18940428_art0022.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
L

I

is

===== 0002601_18940428_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
HELP IN TIME OF NEED.

What a crust of bread is to the starving, Warner's Safe 'Care is to the afflicted. It is a true friend when all else fails, in diseases of the kidneys, liver, and urinary organs, appearing as the saving angel. It stands alone as the remedy for these diseases, and is acknowledgedas such by medical authorities of all countries. It is, therefore, logical that persons afflicted with any of the above diseases or complaints should try this or that experiment, grovelling in the dark, only to result in repeated disappointment, in place of promptly resorting to Warner's Safe Cure, the proper and only remedy. The following marvellous cure is only one of hundreds of thousands that have been effected by this remedy : " About four years ago," writes Mr. Jas. A. Joy, 68, Corporation-street, Manchester, under date of April 18th, 1894, " I had an attack of Influenza, which kept me in bed four weeks. When I riot up and about again I was very nervous ; could get no sleep, could not eat, and *offered with pains in the head and face which almost drove me mad. I got worse and worse, week after ~week. Of course I had medical advice, and various 'clads of medicine, from none of which I received any benefit. When things got to the worst, and everybody, including myself, had given up all hope, I met a friend Whom I had not seen for some time, and seeing the con- dition I was in (I had lost 4 stone in weight), he said, is Try Warner's Safe Cure." I laughed at the idea. No quack medicine for me, thank you.' But he insisted, Yhag Don't get one bottle and use it, and then say it uo good. Your case is too serious for that. It has taken years to brio.- you to your present condition, and You won't be cured in a week, but if you will get bottle after bottle for a month, and take same as per instruc- tions, and you do not find yourself well on the road ta recovery at the end of that time, I will pay you for all You have taken, and stand a guinea silk hat into the bargain.' I yielded and got a large bottle, and religi- °Wily took eight di ses a day. When that was done I Xot another, and followed suit. At the end of two weeks I felt no better, though every one else congratulated me Upon the improvement that had taken place. This en- couraged me to go on, which I did for about lour months. At the end ot that time I was as well as ever I had been iU my life, gaining weight all the time. Since then I have never had a day's illness, but I am never without &Small bottle of Warner's Safe Cure in the house. If I feel a little off colour in the morning, I take a dose be- fere breakfast." lam afraid the above is rather a rambling state- Statement, but it is a statement of facts (stubborn things those facts.)

===== 0002601_18940428_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
THE P.S.A. 210VE1ENT.

ANNUAL MEETING OF WYCLIFFE P.S A. On Monday evening the first annual meeting of the above named society for the consideration of the reports and balance sheet and the election of officers was held in 'Wycliffe Hall. The Rev. J. Tonge presided. Mr. T. WALLINGTON secretary, submitted his first annual report. He said he thought as members and officials they all could look back with thankfulness on the year's work just completed, and he was of the °Pinion that the inoyement had been one ot the greatest successes in religious work that had been taken up in the town, a success not simply from the actual numbers , attending the meetings, but the effect it had had and Was having on the lives and characters of the men. Referring to the attendances at the 52 meetings held up to February 25, the average attendance for the first half Year was 500, and for the second half year 800, or an average for the year of 650. 'those figures were only aPproximate and if anything were rather under the actual attendance. The secretary then dealt with the membership and number of prizes and certificates dis- tributed. In conclusion, he said they had every encour- agement to go forward in their work. If only they went forward in the same spirit that they had done in the year Which had just closed, the Wycliffe P.S.A. would bo a 'flighty instrument for good in Warrington. (Ap- Plause.) Mr. R. ATKINSON, treasurer, said he was glad to Port that the society was self-supporting. The total receipts including £5l 13s. special subscriptions towards the initial expenses were £l9B 18s. 14d. The balance at the bank after paying all expenses was £3 19s. 10d. Mr. W. HICKMAN sutimitted the accounts of the Bene- volent Fund. He stated that they had been enabled to give relief in 80 cases, and also forwarded £4 to the Thornhill Colliery Disaster Fund. The receipts amount- ed to E3B 6s. sd. and the expenditure £37 2s. 6d.leaving % balance in hand of £l3. 11d. Mr. B. FARRAR, in giving the report of the absentee visiting committee, stated that 1063 cases were visited during the year by that committee, and he referred to .the importance of that branch of work of that society. Mr. C. T. OwEN's report concerning the temperance Pledge book showed that 51 members had signed it. All the reports and balance sheets were unanimously adopted on the proposition of Mr. Jewkes' seconded by Sir. J. Kershaw. The election of officers for the ensuing Year was then proceeded with. The president, the Rev. 'iar•r• Yonge, was re-elected on the proposition of Mr. 14alev, seconded by Mt. Downes. The Rev. J. YONGE said he was very much obliged to ,_them, and he said it with all sincerity, for asking him to 'Ake no that work again. It had been to him a labour „ef love, and a labour which had been in sonic respects arduous. It entailed a great deal of correspondence,and a great deal of inquiry and looking out for men who Were suitable for their work. He was very glad to say that the speakers who had ',yen at their meetings had , • rtsuitable, and he hoped the brethren would remern- ,, .oer many things which had been said during the past twelve months. It was a very great pleasure for him to gO on in this work. It had been one of the most in- , `teresting Darts of Christian work that he had ever touched. (Applause.) He had long had a very great _esire of getting hold of the workingmen of Warrington. -Ile thought they were doing it, and that to some extent ,tIEIeY had done it. In conclusion, he hoped that the • etnent would be a permanent institution, and that Other societies of the same kind would be started in the • and break up new ground. He hoped that some e-Ourches would be encouraged to follow their example atWYcliffa, and it would be a grand day for Warrington When,. more men came forward in work of this kind. taPPlause.) 111- R. ATKIN'SON was re-appointed treasurer; Mr. T. vi 7 :allogton, general secretary; Mr. A. Knowles, regis- tl2tion secretary; Mr. Wm. Hayes, markers' secretary; ,7-r- Jos. Knowles, steward's secretary; Mr. W. Hickman rasurer, and Mr. A. Lang secretary of Benevolent :LI& A general *committee was also appointed. A -"`' of thanks to the workers and officials for their ser- Vie.,es during the year was passed on the motion of Mr. Ids, seconded by Mr. Hawthorn. A vote of thanks Ira also passed to the Chairman on the proposition of r• Haley, seconded by Mr. Malkin.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
ANALYSIS OF THE PRAYER BOOK.

~, MODEL LESSON AT WARRINGTON. „°ll Monday evening in Holy Trinity schoolroom the quarterly meeting of the Warrington and dis- fl",et Sunday School Teachers Association was t!wl• There was a good attendance, over which the Rev. E.C.E. Carleton, presided. The other :I'ergYnien present. were the Rectors of Warrington tWinwick, (the Rev. F. W. Willis, and Canon enrhyti), and the Revs. J. J. Longhorn, H. V. Pigot "• R. H , • •artwri ht H R Wild, A. A. Markham, and d.. g Townsend. The CITAIRMAN announced that Miss Chubb, of Liver- rot, had attended for the purpose of giving a model (r.tori on the Prayer Book. It was, perhaps, a subject faa.t was not very familiar to them in the way of teach- arid on that very account, he had no doubt the esson would be all the more acceptable and valuable. 4 Miss Cuune, then commenced her model lesson, a . °leo girls being seated in front of her in the centre of 4he room. She asked a large number of questions. Some °f them the scholars were unable to answer, but, on the 'Whole, fairly satisfactory answers were given. She con- tjeded in the course of her remarks, that the congrega- Prri could pray better from the heart if they had a aYer-book, than they could without it. As copies of rtlilusic were necessary in the case of a musical examine- Sr) the prayer book was necessary in church. It Was better for their hearts to use a prayer book. There were other prayer-books, but the one they used was the Church of England Prayer-book. Where was the book Rot from ? Some said that they did not want prayers that Were written by people who lived five hundred Vars ago, but something they could think about now ; _ut if they divided the prayer-book into five parts they Would i ould find that nearly three out of the five were taken oat e f the Word of God. Instances were given. The part3l 11,0t.actua1ly taken from the Bible had been taken from MCI'S people, who had lived in different times and in mtuerent places. Some paits of the book were almost as old as the times of the Apostles. The Apostles Creed was lirr,!ten about 1,700 years ago, the Nicene Creed about 00 years ago, and the Athanasian Creed about 1,400 Years ago. Of 83 collects for the day more than 50 were oat 1,300 years old. There were originally about nine fr ten books used in Church, and instead of them being u _ English they were in Latin. About 350 years ago, j_l4°Yrever, there was a great movement in the Church .7.11 ed the Reformation, and many things were done to litter the Prayer Book The Bishops and others learned 'nen determined that the Prayer-book should be made I Purer and simpler, and it was changed from a number ..,LL little books to one book, and it was printed in English. 01;se doctrines were removed, and several prayers were _`,.`°ed, with sentences from the Scriptures, and for 350 :17ars they had had one Common Prayer Book, although I_??ut 230 years ago, some slight additions were made. the book they were reminded not only of their Father Tn heaven, but of their brothers and sisters on earth. They must pray fcr all. In the book there was also te.;(3Ties. sion for all,pardon for all, prayer for all,and praise ` all. A short discussion aftermirds followed,the meet- ing concluding with votes of thanks to Miss Chubb andl t 9 the Chairrnan.

Mr. Fletcher Moulton, Q C., will be the Libera candidate fr)r the South Hackney in the contet for ti • Oat vaeanted by Sir Charles Russell.

OUR LOCAL CHURCHES-WARRINGTON,

===== 0002601_18940428_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
.:-::::1-1:-';4::-;-;'; ' ''''.....--1-rf-.--,.',..f:::. f - ..-...7 ---,...-:1:1,.:..-1.---,,':

WYCLIFFE P.S.A. SOCIETY.

The meeting of this society on Sunday was presided over by Mr. D. R. Mason, who spoke on the "power and influence of gentleness." He stated that all the forces of nature were gentle in their action. Tney were not sur- prised at that because the great Creator himself was gentle in his dealings with his creatures. He advised his hearers to take this gentleness to their workshop, office, and home, and they would he surprised at the result. Mr. W. Hickman delivered the address and took for his subject "A leaf" drawing some useful lessons from it. Mrs. Gleave was the soloist and Mr. W. H. Payton also contributed an organ solo. Messrs. J. Irish and F. Knowles alto took part in the service.

'BAPTIST ENDEAVOUR SOCIETY.-ANNIVERSARY

MEETING.

About one hundred persons assembled in the Baptist Sunday School, Golborne-st , on Tuesday eveninE.,:, when the first anniversary meeting of the Baptist Younv People's Society of Christian Endeavour No. 638) was held. The room had been quietly but efTectivelY deco- rated for the occasion, and it presented a cosy appear- ance.

In the absence of the president, Mr. H. Beckby tvice- president) occupied the chair, and,after devetional exer- cises, addressed the assembly. Ile said that two years ago the young people connected with the church thought that some effort should be made to bring them together during the week. It happened that, at that time, the church was without a pastor, and little interest seemed to be taken in anythirig, save the Sunday services. This state of things did not suit the young people, and they made their desires known to several members who took an interest in them. The result was the formation ef a Christian Guild, which was successfully carriee on dur- ing the winter months. The lectures, entertainments, and Bible classes were all that could be desired, but the young people felt that even these did not meet their spiritual aspirations. Consequeetly it was decided, a year ago, to start a Christian Endeavour, and they wore met that night to celebrate their first anniversary. In the year through which they had passed, the C. E. had been of the greatest benefit to the members. It had kept young people off the streets, it had given them opportu- nities for Christian work, and it had helped them in the study of the Bible. The C. E. had been of further bene- fit in helping the members to speak in public,and,in this respect, the lady members had gained as much as the gentlemen. The past year's work and experience had been of inestimable advantage to them, and to none more than to those who, through the society's agency, had enlisted under Christ's banner; and had consecrated their lives to His service. The meetings increased in interest, and he trusted their last gathering, which was the best they had held,was a foretaste of the good times that awaited them in the coming year. Miss Rose Ward, the recording secretary, then read the annual report. She said that the society started with 15 active, and four associate members, but these members soon increased to 37 active and 13 asso- ciate numbers. Several defections had, however, occurred from various causes, and the roll now stood as follows:-4 honorary, 30 active, and 9 ass eciate mem- bers. During the year two active members had become honorary members,eight associates had joined the active ranks, and 10 members had joined the church. The society had displayed considerable missionary zeal, and their labours had resulted in the formation of threeother societies—one in Widnes, and two in Warrington. The society had also orgareised cottage prayer meetings, which had been productive of great good. and it was hoped that the year's labours would stimulate the mem- bers to do more "for Christ and the Church" in the coming year than they had done in the past, Mr. John S. Green (treasurer) read the financial state- ment,from which it appeared that the members monthly contributions had amounted to £1 10s. 3d., the total income being £2 ss. 9d. The expenditure, which had been mostly incidental to the formation of the society, amounted to £ll7s. mid., and this sum incloeeci special donation to the Thornhill Colliery Disaster Fund. There was however, an eutstandine acceunt, whieh left the society with a debt of Bs. 7j ;bbut it was hoped, by the liberality of that assembly, to liquidate that amount and thus be able to have a clear start for the new year. It should be mentioned that the society was instru- mental in raising a handsome sum towards the local distress fund during the colliers strike, besides contri- buting to the assistance of several of its members who were affected by the coal dispute. Miss Mary Few read the paper for the evening, the topic being " God's care for His Own." The interest of the gathering centred in the c ensecra- don meetieg, when responses were given to the query —" What has the Christian Endeavour done for me ?" Every active member testified to the help the Society had been to him or her, and the replies may be sum- marised thus—The C.E. had given the members oppor- tunities of service, it had helped them to witness for • Christ, it had increased their interest in the scriptures, it had helped them in their daily life, it had won them for the church, and it had drawn them nearer to Christ

At the conclusion of the meeting,which was of a stimu- lating character, refreshments were served by the social Committee, and a social hour was spent.

INDUCTION OF CHURCHWARDENS AT WARRINGTON.

The annual induction of churchwardens and sidesmen of the Warrington district of the diocese of Liverpoe,l was held at the Warrington Parish Church on Wednes- day morning, the Rev. Dr. Taylor, archdeacon of War- rington, officiating. After prayers had been conductf'd by the Rector of Warrington (Rev.l4'. W. Willis), the Rev. Dr. Taylor in the course of his charge to the wardens and sidesmen, said the duty of the churchwardens was to look after the fabric and ministrations of the church ,the sitting arrangements, and the churchyard. They were the guardians of all that belonged to the church, and of the interests of the parishioners whom they represented. They were to bee that all the services were duly per- formed, and that the church was provided with the things essential for that purpose, and that it was kept in proper repair. They should be regular in their atten- dance, and should alsw encourage others to do the same, both by their example and by friendly persuasion. They must be ready to assist the minister as might be neces- sary, and see that the people were comfortably seated. They had no power to interfere with the minister in the performance of the service whatever. With reference to the expense necessarily involved in carrying on the services of the church, he might say that they had of late years increased very much. In former wears the church expenses were very small,and £2O to £4O a year would have been sufficient, and could have been pro- vided out of the church rates. Now the expenses were increased fourfold, and the church rates were abolished. Hence the expenses had to be provided out of the weekly offertories, collections, and subscriptions. There was a difference between the offertories 'and the collections which was not always realised. The offertory proper was when the alms of the people were collected durin!, the reading of the offertory sentences appointed to be read. Collections as distinguished from the offertory were the moneys collected at other times. The disposal of the former rested with the minister and, the churigh wardens working together, and were to be used for various charitable purposes, and educational purposes. The disposal of the other collections rested with the minister and him alone. Still, it was always better for the minister and the churchwardens to work together in all cases. He did not think that for the parishioners to attend the church only in the evening was sufficient,and he urged upon the wardens and sidesmen to use their influence to promote better attendance. The attendance was not nearly so good as it was 20 years ago. He hoped the ancient custom of Easter offerings would be restored whenever desirable, as they offered a simple and inex- pensive made of substantially increasing the minister's stipend. He was also pleased to see the success of the clergy sustentation fund, as it had materially assisted many clergymen. He thought that the weekly offertory and collections ought to be much larger, as it would not make much difference to the people if they increased their offerings from a halfpenny to a penny or twopence,while it would make a great difference to the collection. In corn- ing to the qualifications of churchwardens, he said that as the present was an age of liberty, people went to the church they liked the best,and did not attend the church in the parish they resided. In these cases he thought it was desirable that the management of the church should be left as much as possible to those who attended it,, nd provided the funds. Of course, Nonconformists, Roman Catholics, and Jews could attend the vestry meetings, but still lie did not think they did attend as a rule. As to the notice convening the vestry, as far as he was ad- vised, it was only necessary that it should be affixed to the principal door of the church, and three clear days must elapse, exclusive of the day of notice and the (lily of meeting. It was not necessary, as some people sup- posed,that the notice should be given in the church. At the close of the Archdeacon's charge, the wardens and sidesmen signed the declaration upon taking their office, and the proceedings then terminated.

Mr. A. N. Hornby has declined the Unionist invitation to become a candidate for the Crewe division. The Queen has approved the appointment of Sir Chas. Russell as a Lord of Appeal in Ordinary, in room of the late Lord Bowen. Mr. T. W. Russell, M.P., informed a press representa- tive on Tuesday that ho had definitely decided not to seek re-election to the House of Commons. In giving his reason for withdrawing from the South Tyrone the hon. gentleman said "It is because I cannot help myself." The Judge of the City of London Court has ordered H. G. WRIGHT, formally solicitor to the Liberator Build- ing Society, to refund several thousand pounds received by him as "secret profits "on transactions which he con- ducted on behalf of the Society. WRIGHT is undergoing penal servitude for participation in the Liberator frauds.

WORTH KNOWING.—WOODEND'S FAMOUS NINE OILS. is a boon to sufferers and acts like magic in all cases of RHEUMATISM, SPRAINS, BRUISES, and STIFF JOINTS. Price Is. 4d. per 13.5tt1e, carriage paid.—J.WoonErin, chemist, 22. Pitt-street, Livorpool.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
IHE EXAMINER' SATUPDAY, APRIL 28, 1894.

INDUBTRIAL EXHIBITION AT WARRINGTON.

With a view to eneoura:lirg ih seledere and members of the Emmatinel Church, Bold-street, to occupy their spare time in a useful manner, (iuring the winter evenings, the Sunday school teecheis met together some time ago, and organised an exhibition, in which prizes were to be given to the successful competitors. The exhibition wits held in the schoolroom over Arpley Station, on Tuesday evening, and the exhibits were then on view. Teere were 40 exhibitors in all, anti the exhibits con Aisren of a number of heterogenenis articles, such as needlework, button-holing, Wawa, writing, and coepneoue among them was a model of a waterwheel, cleverly inade by Master James Heron, aged 13 years. The exhibition was opened by the Rev. E. T. Reed, who during the course of his remarks said ties' sometime ago, the Sunday echool teachers considered the zubject of the exhibition, at his suggestion, and it \VAS agreed that an exhibition should be held. li. was decided that the work should be done by the Sunday school scholars, and the members of the congregation, and that the exhibition should be held about Easter. They, how. ever, found that arrangements could not he male for Easter, and the exhibition WaS postponed mita the present time. It could hardly be expected Viet, as it was a new thing, the scholars would rise to the ecc ision at once, and only comparatively few hid taken pert in the exhibition. They had some 40 exhibitors, an 1 he work had be-ei divided into various departinente aceord- ing to age. One of the models be thought he ought to mention. It had been a great pleasure to see the model ; water-wheel which had undoubtedly inv•lved a great deal of thought and a great deal of work. He was sure I that it would stimulate others to do something of a I similar nature. They had a section for window phints, I the object et which was to encourage the coltivatien of window gardening. He hoped that by the formation of the new Horticultural Sedety, the cultivation of plants in the town would increase. They had also a depart- ment for cookery in which several exhibits had been entered. The great object of the exhibition was to interest the young people iii spending the leng winter evenings as usefully as possible in their homea, and also to improve them in work which would be a great use to them in future years. He trusted that that was only the beginning of something very much larger, and something which would benefit a much larger number of persons, than had taken part upon the present occa- sion. He hoped that the exhibits would be at least doubled next year. The exhibition was then declared open for inspection, and at eight o'clock, a magic lantern entertainment was given by the Rev. E. T. Reed, the subject being " A peep behind the scenes." The exhibition was opened again on Wednesday after- noon and evening, and at nine o'clock, the prizes to the exiiibitora were given by Mrs. Reed, who expressed her pleasure at the result of the exhibition,while at the same time she thought other subjects might have been coin- petd for as well. The following were prize winners ;see Under ten years, Harry Bibby, Wallace Gandy, Willie Minards, Elsie Gandy,Sarah Gaudy, Pally Gaiidv, Sarah Ellison, Elsie Walmsley, Roseline Alike! ; over ten and under 15, Alice Minards, Janet Bibby, Mabel Millwood, William Bibby, Nelly Gandy, Edward Minards, James Heron, Beatrice Carriage e over 15 and under 20, Ben- jamin Podmore, Joseph Heron, Alfred Clorlev, Miss Booth, Miss Eva Lees, Miss' May Dickens, Miss ileren ; over 20, Mr. Wdliam Atherton, Mrs. Parsons, Mrs. Tet- low, Mrs. Banner, and Mrs. Lees. At the close of the meeting, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded on the motion of Mr. Gaudy, to the pre- eideut (Rey. E. 'l'. Reed), and the sscretariea (Messrs. Joseph Heron Jun., and G. H. Heald) for their services in the work of arranging for the exhibition.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW SCHOOLS FOR HAYDOCK.

Tha foundation stone of new township Fchools at Blacl(hrook, near Sr. Helens, was laid on Saturday afternoon by Mr. T. W. Legh, M.P., in the presence of a large concourse of people. Amongst those present were the Revs. C. E. Bowden, vicar of Sr. James's, Flaydock, J. Andrews, T. R. Matthews, Earlestown, M. F. Binney. Sutt)n. Col. R. Pilking- ton, Mr. E. J. George, Mr. John Jar_dison, and Dr. Hay- ward. The want of school accommodation has been long felt in the district, and the Education Department having signified that additional Accommodation must be provided or a school board established, it was decided to ascertain the opinions of the inhabitants on the subject. As the result of several meetings, it waS agreed that a voluntary rate of one shilling in the pound should bk‘ laid, a,vil that schools be built from the sum realised. The ‘Yoluntary rate on the assessment would realise £1,055, and this amount being assured, the contract for the building of the schools was let to Mr. Tickle, of Sutton. They are intendA to accommodate 350 children and to cost about £1,400.

The ceremony of laying the stone was performed by Mr. T. W. Leg,h, M.P.. who was called upon by the Rev. C. E. Bowdeh. _ _ .

_ Tee stone having been laid, Mr. Legh said he need scarcely enure them that it was a great pleasure that he found himself there that day taking part in that ceremony, which marked a courageous effort on the pert, of the people of that diArie.t to educate their children in the tenets they considered best for their future moral welfare. He was not there to defend the voluntary sys- tem ;it did not require any defence At his hands. It had been tried long ago, and had not been found want- ing, but ha would remind them that when more the:.! twenty years ago the late Mr. Forster introduced his education act, he expressed a confident Opinion that no man would he found in the future who would seek to do harm to the voluntary system and voluntary teach- ing in this country. He grieved to say that the support- ers of the system had fallen upon evil days. For the last year or two the voluntary system had been atta.cked, in a harrassing and, he might almost say malicious man- ner, and they had all the more reason to complain of the unreasonable demands made upon them. It was evident to his mind that there were people who unfortunately were now responsible for the educational policy of the country, who were not indisposed to injure the volen- tary system, and he would ask them would the system by which it is proposed to replace it conduce to their ad- vantage in the educational point of view ? He said it. would not. If the nation decided to abolish the volun- tary system, it would be necessary to provide places for 3,659,000 children,becausft he took it that the voluntary schools could not be confiscated without compensation. If they abolished the voluntary system and established board schools, they .would have to find £40,000,000,and furnish annually a,pout £2,000,000. Those whom he was addressing were, he presumed, in favour of the vol- untary system on account of religious teachlng, and he asked them was it worth while to make the change, as he maintained they would gain nothing by it. Ile con- cluded by appealing to them to assist all in their power to make the schools a success. (Applause.) On the motion of the Rev. J. Andrews,a vote of thanks was accorded Mr. Lech, which that gentleman acknow- ledged, and the gathering dispersed.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
CATHOLIC BAZAAR AT WIDNES.

OPENING CEREMONY BY THE LORD MAYOR OF LIVERPOOL.

On Wednesday afternoon, the Lord Mayor of Liverpool (Alderman Bowring)oPened.a four days' bazaar in the Drill Hall, Widnes in connection with St. Bede's Catholic Church, Appleton, Widnes. The object of the bazaar is to raise funds in aid of the cost of the new presbytery erected last year. It may be stated that St. Bede's is one of the oldest Catholic churches in the Liverpeol district. The present rector (the Rev. Thomas Finegan) succeeded Father Fisher in 1875, and received the tide of dean in 1886. During his pastorate the church has been decorated twice, a new bell purchased, the organ completed, the girls' and infants' school enlarged, a reredos to the centre altar erected, and commodious boys' schools built. It has been through his energetic lab ;urs that the mission has just been provided with the new and handsome presby- tery. The bazaar represents the town of St. Milo, on the coast of Normandy, during the eighteenth century. The seven stalls are arranged to represent the street leading te the market-place, the ancient houses being utilised for the display of the laree variety of goods offered for sale. It is thoueht to be the most picturesque bazsar yet seen in Widnes. There was a large attendance at the opening ceremony, which was presided over by the Rev. Dean Finegan. Among those present on the platform were the Lord May or of Liverpool (Alderman Bowfing, who was accompanied by the Lady Mayoress, Mr. H. Wade Deacon, C.C. Mr. J. Morrison (chairman of the committee), Mr. F. Eleyes (treasurer), Messrs. C. Finn and C. Broom (hon. secretaries), several members of the Town Council, and a large number of the Catholic clergy of the neighbourhood.—The Rev. Dean Finegan, in in. troducing the Lord Mayor, said not only St. Bede, but the whole town of Widnes were honoured by the pre- sence of the Lord Mayor of Liverpool and the Lady Mayoress, and it was an honour which they would long remember.—The Lord Mayor, who was enthusiastically received, said he felt it his duty and pleasure to further anything which he believed was fur the moral, eocial, and commercial welfare of the community in that neigh. bourhood. (Applause.) They could flat all agree in ecclesiastical matters. There were differences of dogma, but he was glad that there was one thing in which they could all unite, and that was inculcating, advancing', and enforcing the moral law laid down by Jesus ChriA. His lordship then formally declared the lazier open.— Mr. J. Morrison proposed a vote of thanks to the Lord Mayor and Lady Mayoress for their presence, which was he said, an honour to the town of Widnes.—Councillor H. B. Shores seconded. The Lord Mayor, he said, was notable for the breadth of his philanthropy and the catholicity of his aims.—The motion was carried with acclamation, and the Lord Meyor suitably responded, which concludf d the proceedings.

LINEN LASTS LONGER, No frAyed ciiffs or lagged collars if HUDSON'S ICrraAcr (17 SOAP LINEN LASTS LONGER! Or HUDSON'S DRY SOAP

--- is always used. LINEN LASTS LONGER! Le ivos no smell. (1)

===== 0002601_18940428_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

ADDITIONAL LETTER BOXES. A letter box has been erected in .the wall of F.llesniere-stret School, and one has also been fixA in Buctermarket'-street., a few yards from Market Gate. The boxes will be cleared at about the same times as other boxes in the town, both on week-days and Sundays. SOAKING RAIN PROOF OVERCOATS, yet porous, 558., C. JACKSON HOLMES, Genera/ Outfitter, Market Gate, Warring- ton.—Adrt.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
A STRANGE CASE.

John Stocks, hair-dresser, of the Market-place, Warrington, was on Saturday, found in Priestley- street suffering from a slight wound in the throat. He was taken to the Police Station, and on being examined was found to be of unsound mind, and unable to give a satisfactory account as to how he received the wound. Subsequently he was taken by a relieving officer to the hospital at the work- house.

110 T-WATER 11EATING.—GIRLANp, Ironmonger, Warring O.

THE LATE AIR. GIBSON.

The funeral of the late Mr. Gibson. builder,

Church-st.,who died on Frida3 last week,took place at the Warrington Cemetery on Monday morning. The chief mourners were—Messrs. James and Frederick Gibson (nephews) and several grand nephews, Drs. Smith and herratt, Mr. W. Owen, architect ; Messrs. Ridgway and Worsley, solicitors; /Ind Messrs. E. Gittens, J. Beswick, and W. Diggle. The funeral service was conducted by the Rector (the Rev. F. W. Willis). Several beautiful wreaths covered the coffin. UMBRELLAS RE-COVERED.—J. and W. DUTTON', Sankev-st., Warrington, Advt.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
P.S.A. AIEETING.

Mr. W. H. Bayley, presided at the P.S.A. meeting at the Young Men's Christian Associa- tion on Sunday. He spoke upon the motto adopted by the society for 1804, viz., "Help one another." Mr. Kent (president) gave the address, and chose as his subject " Father Damien, his life and labour among the Lepers of Molokai." The address was listened to with marked attention. Mr. Parkinson was the soloist, and rendered two solos, from the "Daughter of Jairus," and from " Saul " respectively in his' usual able manner. Mr. Pict on accompanied. GOLF BALL.—GARLAND Ironmonger, Warrington and Earlestown.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
SUDDEN DEATH.

On Sunday morning, Hannah Edwards, 35 years of age, wife of John Edwards, engine driver, resid- ing at 38, Priestley-street, was found dead in bed at about eight o'clock. For about three years, the deceased had suffered from a tumour in the brain, and had been to Manchester for treatment at the eye hospital, about six weeks ago. She had been blind for about 18 months and recently complained of a severe pain in her.head. On Saturday night, she ntired to rest about ten o'clock, and when her husband awoke the next morning, he found her dead in bed. The Coroner was communicated with but he did not deem it advisable to hold an

ALL HOUSETIOLD LINEN hemmed and marked, frec of charge.—J. and W DuTroN, Sankev-st., Warrington, Advt CHESHIRE LINES WORKIIEN'S PROVIDENT SOCIETY. The 19th annual meeting of the Cheshire Lines Platelayers and Workmen's Provident Society, which consists of the workmen employed in the Engineer's Department of the Cheshire Lines Rail- way, was held at the Works, Bat tersby Lane, War- rington, on Tuesday. In the unavoidable absence of the engineer, Mr. W. G. Scott, M. Inst. C. E., the chair was taken by Mr. W. Corker, permanent way Inspector, and the meeting was largely attended by officials and delegates from Lancashire and Cheshire. The Secretary submitted the annual report, which stated that the number of members was 986. A large sum had been expended in aid of 232 sick members, who had received assistance from the funds of the Society, and 18 death claims had also been paid. The report and statement of accounts having beeta passed, Mr. Thomas Pratt was re-elected Secretary for the ensuing year, and Messrs. G. Walker and W, Hughes were re-elected auditors. The proceeslings terminated with a vote of thanks to the chairman, offitl-trs and others. PETROLEUM OILS,—GARLAND, 51, Bridge-street, Warring- ton.

NARROW ESCAPES FROM DROWNING: RESCUED

BY A LIEEBOAT.

For some considerable time a number of pleasure boats have been stationed on the river near War- rington Bridge for the purpose of hire. But owing to the little business done, the proprietor found it necessary to remove his stand, and decided to pro- ceed to Chester with them. Accordingly the boats numbering seven, were taken up the river on Sun- day night, and the men in charge of them were Aaron Whitby, Thomas Brooks, William Hopkins, Samuel Tilling, and Edward Walker. Four of the men belong. to Warrington. On Monday morning the Point of Ayr lifeboat, in charge of Coxswain S. Evans, on her passage to New Brighton, to take part in Monday's demonstration in aid of the National Lifeboat Institution, saw the seven in dis- tress in Iloylake Bay. She bore down upon them, and found that the frail vessels, owing to the strong tide and choppy sea, were fast filling. Five men were in charge of the boats which were at once taken in tow and placed in a position of safety. It is probable that the five men would have lost their lives had it not been for the timely assistance ren- dered by the Point of Ayr lifeboat.

ALL HOUSETIOLD LINEN, hemmed and marked. free of charge.—J. and W. DuTros. Sankey-et. Warrington,—Advt. ANOTHER CLAY PIT ACCIDENT.—RESCUE 37

FATHER. An exciting scene happened behind Welfield-st., on Saturday evening. A number of children were playing about a clay pit, when one of their number was seen to fall into the water. An alarm was immediately raised by the other children. The child's father, Mr. llought.on, who lived hard by, rushed to the pit on hearing the alarm, and though he cannot swim, he dashed into the water, which is about seven feet. deep, and even- tually succeeded in reachinw the hank with the child. The latter, however, was quite unconscious and apparently lifeless. At the same time Mr. Wm. •-mith, a Sunday school teacher at St. Paul's Church, came upon the scene, and immediately set about resuscitating the Child. For some time his effoits appeared to be futile, but alter renewed attempts he induced the water to rush from the child's mouth, ears, and nose, which had the effect of bringing it to coniciousness. The child was then conveyed home, simultaneously with the arrival of Dr. Braide, who successfully applied restoratives. The unfortunate child, who is only two and a half years old, remained for some time in a very precarious state. UMBRELLAS BE-COVERED, —J. and W. DUTTON, Sankey-it., Warrington.—Advt.

THE Rim C. E. JACKSON'S FAREWELL. The Rev. Charles E. Jackson, late senior curate of the Parish Church, and who had been curate-in- charge of St. George's Mission since its opening, preached his farewell sermon in that church on Sunday evening, prior to his departure from War- rington to take up his new duties as Rector of Nant- wich.—On Monday evening a farewell tea was held in the St. George's Mission Room, when several presentations were made by the congregation and others to the Rev. C. E. Jackson. A large number sat down to *,ea, after which a capital programme of music was gone through. The Rector (the Rev. F. W. Willis), who made the pret :ntations, said that before he did so be would like o say a few words to those present. He took up is duties as rector of Warrington in 1888. Mr. Jackson came shortly before he did, and during the six years he had been there they owed much to him for the many wise suggestions he had put forward. Mr. Jackson had been principally connected with Crossley-st. and St. George's. Three years he was at Crossley-st. mission and they were all aware of the difficulties under ' which he laboured there. However three years ago the foundation sone of St. George's was laid by Lady Walker, and principally through the exertions of Mr. Jackson and Mr. J. E. Wright, those beautiful buildings were erected. During the two and a half years they had had the use of them, various branches of work had been carried on. Mr. Jackson had carried on the Sunday school work, and it had pro- gressed in a most satisfactory manner. There were 400 scholars, and the school generally was in excel- lent condition. In fact, all the branches mentioned had been started and carried on by Mr. Jackson, who possessed great energy and ability, He hacf now a great work before him, a very important sphere indeed, and they could show their apurecia- don of his services by praying for his future sue- ces. On their behalf he made the following . presentations —A carved oak chair, from the congregation, workers, and others; a settee from the Sunday school teachers and scholars, and Bible class, and mothers' meeting; a framed photograph, from the Sunday school teachers; framed photo- graphs, from the club and members of working- men's club. (Applause.)—Messrs. Banner and Ward , baring made a few remarks, the, 'Rev, C. E. Jackson rveponded in suitable terms.

SALE OF THE LATE MR. WILLIAM BARLOW'S PICTURES.

A number of etchincts and engravings, the pro- perty of the late Mr. William Barlow, of Warring- ton were recently submitted by auction by Messrs. Christie. Among the principle were " the Corn- field," after J. Constable, 8.A., by David Lucas, 60 guineas (Gooden) ; "The Vale of Dedham," by the same, first state, 110 guineas (Gooden). Mezzotints after Sir J. Reynolds : " Lady Caroline Howard,' .by V. Green, 56 guineas (Colnaglii and Co.); "Lady Betty Delme and Chrildren, ' by the same, 95 guineas (Agnew) ; "Lady Lousia Manners," by V. Green, 135 guineas (Agnew); " Mrs. Beresford, Mrs. eardiner, and Lady Townshend, as Graces Sacrific- ing to Hymen," by T.Watson, 63 guineas (M'Lean) ; " Miss Sarah Campbell," by V. Green, 85 guineas (Agnew) ; Mrs. Carnac," by J. R. Smith, 54 guineas (Philpot) ; "Viscountess Townshend," by V. Green, 102 guineas (Colnaghi and Co.) ; "Mrs. Tollemache, •as Miranda," and J. Jones, 55 guineas (Vokins) ; " Mrs. Pelham Feeding Chickens," by W. Dickinson, first state 145 guineas (Vokins) ; " Lady Bamfylde," by Thomas Watson, 155 guineas (Agnew)—this mezzotint previously sold at they rooms for 340 guineas; "The Countess of Harrington," by V. Green, 124 guineas (Agnew) ; and "The Countessl of Salisbury?' by V. Green, 180 guineas (Agnew) The sale realised about £3,600. UMBRELLAS liE-COVERED.-J. and W. DUTTON, Sankey-st. Warrington. —.Advt.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF MR. JOSEPH B. SENIOR.

On Sunday aftertiOO-ti -t-li;;;---wei:e—ia;r-re'd at the Warrington Cemetery the remains of the late Mr. Joseph B. Senior, of Howard-street. The deceased died on the previous Thursday. He had been in failing health fora long time. He was 71 years of age, and was 35 years ago a familiar figure in Wesleyan circles in Warrington. Ile always took an active and devoted interest in matters affecting the Church, especially in connection with the Butter- market-street Sunday School, at that time the school belonging to Bold-street Chapel, where for many years he held the office of teacher, and after- wards was elected superintendent. On his leaving Warrington in 1863, he was the recipient of a hand- some family Bible inscribed with expressions of the highest regard by the teachers and officers of the school. Prior to this he was employed at the brass wire and pin manufactory of Messrs. J. B. Edelsten and Co., where, by his integrity and courteous bear- ing, he won the esteem of his employers and fellow- workmen alike. Circumstances led him at this time to remove to North Woolwich, in order to take a re- sponsible position in the making of the Atlantic telegraph cable. He was entrusted with the im- portant duty of superintending the paying out of the cable from the works to the Great Eastern. About four years ago the deceased returned to War- rington, and became attached to the Bewsey-road Church, where his worth was quickly recognised, land he came to be regarded as a most valued mem- ! ber. His somewhat feeble health prevented him from taking that active part in church work that, was formerly his wont. Many signs of esteem and affection attended the interment on Sunday. The funeral service was conducted by the Rev. John ' Gunnell, and was largely attenied by representa- tive officials and leaders from the Bewsey-road and Bold-street Societies. Amongst those present were Messrs. John Toft, Edwin Richardson, F. Dixon, S. G. Davey, W. Winstanley, A. H. Dunn, J. W. Hay- ward, J.P., Isaac Hayward, G. Gough, George Bay- ley, Isaac Johnson (leader of the deceased's society class) and many of the members. The service was brought. to a close by singing one of the deceased gentleman's favourite hymns.

ALL HOUSEHOLD LINEN, hemmed and marked, free of charge.—J. and W. DUTTON, •Sankey-st. Warrington,—Advt. FATAL ACCIDENT AT THE L. AND N.- W. GOODS WAREHOUSE.

Sir. F. A. Jones, deputy coroner, held an inquest at the Patten Arms, on Monday afternoon, upon the body of John Bancroft, a goods porter for the L. and N.-W. Railway, who was killed, by being crushed by a waggon on Saturday afternoon, at the goods warehouse, Bank Quay station. Mr. Fenna appeared on behalf of the L. and N.-W. Railway.—Margaret Bancroft said that deceased was her husband and resided at Dunham Massey. He was a goods porter ;at Bank Quay station. He left home on Saturday morning about eight o'clock. She heard of her ' husband's death on Saturday afternoon. He was 38 years of age.—John Jones, porter, said that he was working on the same " turn" as deceased at No. 2 North side. Deceased was working at 2.45 on Saturday, engaged in transferring the goods from one van to another. It was not his duty to uncouple a waggon. His duty was simply to remove goods from one van to another. He was in the warehouse in the " six feet," the iast time wit- ness saw him. He was then about 14 feet from where he was killed. Witness did not know what he was doing then. Soon afterwards, he heard a shout from deceased, and on going to see what was the matter, he found deceased lying in the " six ' feet." When asked where lie was hurt he replied that he was hurt in his stomach. He only lived a quarter of an hour afterwards.—Cross-examined by Mr. Fenna : The accident was caused by a waggon coming into the warehouse. Witness saw it coming at a walking rate and lie shouted out to toe others in the van "Look out, a van is coming." A man named William Weave also shouted out. He did not see the deceased at toe Weave, employed in the goods department,said that he saw the waggon coming into the warehouse. He had not seen the deceased for five minutes previously and that time he was on the stage at the warehouse. It was not part of the deceased's duties to uncouple the waggons and no waggons needed uncoupling at the time. There were two waggons coupled before the accident, and after the accident they were uncoupled. Witness thought deceased had uncou- pled the waggons to get through more easily. Deceased had been in the service for about three years and had always been a steady rnan.—The jury returned a verdict of" Accidental Death." Mr. Fenna said that the deceased was insured for £BO, which would be given without any inquiry into any contributory negligence.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
LYMM.

A GIPSY'S WARNINGS. —WHAT THEY COST.—At the Lymm Police Court, on Tuesday morning, before Mr. T. P. Norris and Mr. A. Watkins, Dinah Boswell, of Bale Moss, Altrinchatn, was charged with having, between the months of October, 1893, and April 1894, obtained certain sums of money, altogether amounting to 31s. from a domestic servant named Miriam Miller, of Lymm, on the pre- tence of telling her fortuae.—Mr. Paterson, of Bowden, represented the prisoner.—From the evidence it ap- peared that prisoner called upon the girl in October last, and told her something terrible was going to happen, and that she was in a position to prevent her losing her situation, and her" young man" if she would give her (prisoner) some money. The girl thereupon gave her a sovereign. Prisoner produced a pack of cat ds,and hav- ing asked for a red silk handkerchief,and this having been handed to her, she wrapped the sovereign in it, and crossed the cards with it. Sne then gave the girl a picce of paper and told her to put it in her breast and not let anyone know about it. She called again in November and informed the girl that she had discovered that the secret of the paper had been divulged, and theretere she could not go on with the charm unless the girl gave her Bs. 6d. The money was given to her, and in February she called again and obtained 2s. 61. under similar cir- cumstances. She again appeared before the girl on Monday, when Sergeant Garner appeared on the scene and took her into custody. On the way to the police station she dropped the cards in the road.—The magis- trates inflicted a fine of £3 and costs, or in default one month's imprisonment with hard labour. The money was paid.

GEORGE AUGUSTUS SALA to an attack he had. of Bronchitis and to "The Land of the Golden Fleece," says :—" And in particular a couple of All- cock's Porous Plasters clapped on —cne on the chest and another between the shoulder nades —soon set me right again," and the above re- arks are contained in his ter to the Daily Telegraph. Allcock's Plastersinstantly )ps all Aches and Pains, and promptly relieve and cure SprainsandStrains, Lumbago, Sciatica, Rheumatism, Rup- 'Aires, Bronchitis, Asthma, and all affections the throat and lungs, acting directly on the tissues and. dilating the pores of the skin they soon show their. healing power, and justify all that has been said in their favour. The popular name and just fame of Allcock's Plasters has led to shameful piracy. by un- scrupulous imitators, many of the imitation plasters containing Lead and Cantharides (Spanish Fly), involving serious risks that should never be permitted, unless under the direction of a medical man; it is therefore necessary to ask the public, for their own safeguard, to see that they get the genuine ALLCOCK'S PLASTERS. ALLCOCK'S of all Chemists, from Is. lid, each.

wiferring ksthma on his wa, 44. m' let, sto r of

===== 0002601_18940428_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPERIAL PARLIAMEN'Is.

FRIDAY.

In the House of Commons on Friday Mr. A. C. MORTON moved a resolution declaring that, the Duke of Edinburgh having succeeded to the sovereignty of a foreign Country, it was desirable that the annuity granted him by the British parliament should cease._ Mr. Labouchere seconded the motion. Dr. HUNTER said the question was whether the House was going to violate a contract. After a singular speech by Lord R. Churchill, delivered amid shouts of laughter and much interruption, Sir W. HARCOURT said the question the Government had to determine was whether it was a , proper act for them to revoke or reduce the grant, and they came to the conclusion that it was not proper to reduce it. He trusted that the matter would not be taken to a division. Mr. BALFOUR also spoke against the motion,and said he had always felt that, as regarded . the relationship which ought to subsist between Parlia- ment and the reigning family, Mr. Gladstone was a guide whom they might all be proud to follow. On a division Mr. Morton's motion was defeated by 298 te 67

===== 0002601_18940428_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
MONDAY.

The House of Commons went into Committee of Ways and Means on Monday evening, and Sir Wm. HARCOURT moved the Budget resolutions dealing with the succes- sion duties and the income tax. He said that by the plan of the Government the total yield on death duties would be 131. millions (as against 10 million:: at present), and of that personalty would pay 11 millions and realty 211 millions. The additional charge on realty would he £1,300,000, of which less than half would fall upon agricultural land. But there was an allowance under schedule A of several thousand pounds, and really £350,000 was asked of the landed interest as their con- ' tribution to the taxation for the defence of the country and to place taxation on an equitable basis. After a short discussion it was agreed tt defer the resolution on the estate duty. Mr. BALFOUR charged the Chancellor of the Exchequer with having provided every sixpence to make up his deficit at the expense of the wealthy classes, in violation of the principles laid down in the Budget. The income tax resolution was eventually agreed to. I Debate on the motion for the second reading of the Con- ciliation (trade Disputes) Bill was resumed a few minu- tes before midnight, but Mr. Pierpoint again opposed, and the debate had to be adjourned. The Solicitors Examination Bill was read a third time.

In the House of Lord 4 the Marquis of LONDONDERRY. after interrogating the Earl of Cork respecting the mur- der on the noble Earl's estate, said that on Friday he should ask the Government. whether they attributed the crime to the rash speeches of their supporters, and whether they would now reconsider their policy with regard to the repeal of the Crimes Act. The Select Com- mittee on the subject of betterment was appointed.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
TUESDAY.

In the House of CommQns on Tuesday evening Mr. A. MORLEY informed Mr. Schvyann that without statutory. authority he had no power to stop the circulation of foreign lottery advertisements through the Post-office. 119 added that he would consider the question and see if anythinr, could be done. In reply to questions, Sir W HARCOURT said he thought it was not probable that the Local Veto Bill would he in- troduced before Whitsuntide. Ho hoped it would- be introduced afterwards.

The right lion. gentleman told Colonel Nolan that he could not undertake at present to premise an opport- unity to get through Committee the bill for the repeal of the Crimes Act.

Discussion of the Budget provsals was resumed in Committee of Ways and Means. On the resolution deal- ing with the graduated estates duties, Mr. CHAPLIN said this was not the time to increase the burden of taxation on the land. Sir C. DILKE expressed approval of the Government proposal. Mr.. FOWLER said that at no time for which statistics were available during the present century had the average rural rates been so low and the London rates so high as in 1891. Sir M. HICKS-BEACH said graduated death duties would be a very great ex- periment, and he believed that in the case of personalty they would be largely evaded. Sir. W. HARCOURT in defending his scheme, said he felt confident that when- ever the principle of a larger contribution of the rich towards the burdens of the State was put before them the majority of the people of the country would be strongly in favour of it. The resolution was agreed to. The Conciliation Bill again came on for secondreading, but Mr. TOMLINSON was speaking in opposition to it when midnight arrived, and the debate had to be adjourned. The Committee on the Irish Land Acts was nominated just before tile House rose.

In the House of Lords the Limitation of Actions (Debt) Bill was referred to the Standing Committee on Law. The Land Transfer Bill was read the second time and the Solicitors' Examination Bill the first time. WEDNESDAY.

In the House of Commons on Wednesday, the second reading of the Miners' Eight Hours Bill was moved by Mr. Rom, who said the measure proposed to limit the hours of labour under ground to eight from leaving the surface to attaining it igain. The bill was rejected in 1892 by a majority of 112, but the next time it was dis- cussed it had a majority of 78. He did not think a general Eight Hours Bill was practicable, but in the coal trade, which was exceptional, he thought it a necessity. Mr. CREMER saeonded the motion for second reading. Sir A. HICKMAN moved the rejection of the bill, and Sir J. PEASE seconded the motion. Mr. T. BAILEY, in sup- porting the bill, said he was glad to sa) that all the colliery proprietors in the country were not opposed to the bill. Mr. T. W. Legh, Mr. G. Balfour, Mr.J. Wilson (Durham), and Sir J. Fergusson opposed, and Mr. Birrell, Lord R. Churchill, and Mr. J. K. Hardie sup- ported the bill. Mr. MATHER said his reason and his conscience revolted against supporting a bill which would make that House responsible in the future for matters which solely and wholly concerned employers and employed. He could not for the life of him under- stand why it was not possible in the great mining in- dustry of the country, which was far simpler in its character than the business in which he himself was engaged, for the masters and men to agree as to what in regard to hours should be the law and custom of the trade. He was strongly in favour of a raduc- tion of hours, but he desired that it should leave peace and contentment behind it, and not be a source of trouble in the future. Mr. ASQUITH said a very considerable majority of the members of the Government, himself included, were in favour of the bill and would support the second reading, but there were others who took a different view. He did net under- stand that the promoters of the bill would take up the short-sighted and foolish attitude of insisting upon the bill, the whole bill, and nothing but the bill, and decline to listen to reasonable proposals in Committee. Fer instance, he could not think it right that the penalty f, r contravention of the Act should fall upon the employer alone ; any person who violated the law ought to be made equally liable for the consequeness. On a division the numbers were—For the bill, 21; against, 194; majority, 87. The bill was then read a second time,and the Committee stage was nominally fixed for Monday next. Both the Merchandise Marks (Files) Bill and the Shops Early Closing) Bill were opposed, and in each case the motion for second reading had to be postponed.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
ANARCHISTS AND THE ROYAL EXCHANGE. MURDEROUS THREATS.

Carnet, the Anarchist, who was arrested on Sunday, was brought before the magistrates at Bow-street Police Court on Monday, charged with being iu possession of explosives for an unlawful purpose. He made an ex.:ra- ordinary confession. He said he had intended to kji Inspector Melville, because be had arrested so many of his comrades. Then he should have had no compunction , in shooting half-a-dozen officers if they attempted to seize him. He went with Polti to give 4"-- orcler for the bomb, and it was his purpose to throw it into the Reyal Exchange. England was rich. At the Royal Exchange more rich people gathered together than at any other place, and there the explosion would have been the most effective. One or two of his comrades hid failed, but the third would succeed. He had no religion, but, wag determined to carry out his idea. In two or three years there would net be a Government in existence, here oz elsewhere. The prisoner was remanded.

Th. , Royal Laundresses say Critehley's " STANCH GLom, is unequalled for imparting a -beantifnl finish to starched linen, Ate., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr. —, Corn- wall, says :—" My wife will not finish our linen without your "Starch Gloss.' From Mrs.—, Bradford "Dear. *ll.- 1 am pleased to inform you that I have tried many so-called Starch Glazes and Polishes, but And none equal to yours." It should be used in every house. Bold at id., 3d., and 6d.„by most starch sellers. If not in stook will procure it. T. Oarrclumr, 'Malibu= Proraletur.—ildrt.

TILE

"TXAMINER" STEAM PRINTING WORKS

I3EWSEY STREET. WARRINGTON.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

One Charge secures Insertion of the undermentioned Adver tisements in ALL the FIVE EXAMINERS. WANTEDS, TO BE LETS„. 1_ WORDS, 13D.,. ON SALES, ) And 3d. for each succeeding 9 words.

One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 Os. 61. ... is. 3d. ... 28. Od. 27 Os. 94. ... Is. 104. ... 3s. Od. 36 is. Od. ~. 2s. 64. ... 4s. Od. 45 is. 3d. ... 3s. 14. ... ss. O. 54 is. 64. ... 3s. 84. ... 6s. Od.

Advertisers of Situations Wanted, Situations Vacant, Apart, merits Wanted, Apartments to be Let, Partnerships Wanted, Money Wanted, Specific Articles for Sale by Private Contract Miscellaneous Wants, Houses and other Premises to be Let or Sold, hare thus the opportunity of WIDE PUBLICITY AT A CHEAP RATE. Advertisements recci ved at any of the District Offices, or may t.e sent to the Chief Offices, Warrington. Stamps received for amounts under ss.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
TEE EXAMINER SERIES

LANCASHIRE & CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPER - COMPRISES rrITE Warrington if- Mill-Cheshire Examiner, pub- liaised Saturday morning. The district covered by the Paper comprises many populous manufacturing towns and and a large agricultural tract.

TUE Earlestown and Newton Exan2iner,and Ashton, Colborne,. and Ha.zidock Reporter. published Friday afternoon. The district is in the heart of the Lancashire coal field.

rrHE St.Helens Examiner and Prescot Weekly News. published Friday afternoon. The district comprises the centre of the Glass, Chemical, and Watch Trades of the King- dom, &c.

rrHE Runcorn Examiner. published Saturday morn- ing. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district. mad affers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers.

THE TVidn:s Examiner, published Saturday morn- ing. Widnes contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and is rapidly becoming an important centre of industry.

Auction, Education, Wanted, To be Let, On Sale, Legal Pit tic Meeting, Sermon, Lecture, Bazaar, and other Public Notices, Advertisements (except Parliamentary)are inserted in all the above papers at one charge.

Each of the above papers consists of 8 pag.s. 56 long and wide columns,each column admitting more matter than the columns of any other local paper—a fact deserving the atten tion of both advertisers and subscribers. Each Examiner, in tddition to giving the local intelligence of the district, in which it circulates, contains the general news of the week.

Price of each Paper—ONE PENNY.

pitINTING,

BOOKBINDING, AND

SPECIALITY:.

LITHOGRAPHT„,

ENVELOPES

2s. PER 1,000.

PA INS TAKING PRINTERS are now-a-days bought for by business men who study real economy in announcements which they wish the public to notice ; as well as by Friendly Societies, Trade Unions, Trading Associations and Companies, isb the careful production of Reports, Balance Sheets &c. ; and by Musical Unions, Pastors, and Choir Conductors, for neatly and tastefully arranged

PROGRAMMES, BOOKS OF WORDS, WINDOW BILLS, PLACARDS, Ac.

TIE WARRINGTON EXAMINER,

GENERAL PRINTING DEPARTMENT

Has an established reputation for giving Careful and Prompt Attention to the wants of all Customers; and its fAcilities for the production of Goo I Work of every kind—from the smallest typographic trifle to the biggest mural " Mammoth "—are available to the public, at prices which are strictly moderate. Carc. less, inar istic, and slovenly printing is the bane of business men. They find it doesn't pay to have it— even at "the lowest tender."

THE " EXAMINER " WORKS, BEWSEY-STREET PROGRAMMES FOR BAZAARS. PROGRAMMES FOR SALES OF WORK. rROGRAMMES Fon BALLS. PROGRAMMES FOR CONVERSAZIONES PROGRAMMES FOR SOIREES. PROGRAMMES FOR CONCt. PROGRAMMES FOR FETES, &c.

GENERAL PRINTING oF EVERY DESCRIPTION Executed with Neatness and Despatch.

PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINTING FR LO:.`,AL BOARDS.

PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIAN,

PRINTING FOR PUBLIC COMPANIES.

PRINTING POII SCHOOL BOARDS,

PRINTING FOR CHURCHES,

===== 0002601_18940428_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINTING FOR CHAPELS

PRIT:TING FOR MANUFACTURERS.

pRINTING FOR SOLICITORS.

PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS.

PRINTING FOR BANKS,

PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS,

PRINTING FOR MERCHANTS.

PRINTING FOR LOAN OFFICES,

PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES.

PRINTING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES,

===== 0002601_18940428_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINTING FOR BUILDING SOCIETIES

PRINTING FOR CRICKET CLUBS.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
PRINTING FOR TRADRS3IEN

Auctioneers' Sale Bills, Catalogues, Conditions of Sale Circulars, Pamphlets, Price Lists, Programmes for Concerts, Soirees, „Balls, &c.; Rules for Friendly, Building, and Co-operative Societies; Cricket Club Rules, Time Sheets and Books, Note Headings, Memorandums, Work Notes, Bill Heads Business, Visiting, and Mourning Cards, Handbills, &c.

Solicitors, Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and others requiring Printing of an description, are requested to give a trial.

pLACAIZDS ANY SIZE OR COLOUR.

THE " LEVIATHAN " PLACARD,

Single Sheet, sft. 3m. by 3ft. 9in, TER LARGEST IN THE DISTRICT.

A rifONSTRB PLACARD may be formed by joining is number of the" LEVIATHA.N " SHEETS.

CONCERT PROGRAMMES,

TICKETS. BOOKS OF WORDS, POSTERS, &c.

%4EXAMINER" STEAM PRINTING WORK

REwszy STREET. WARRINGTON.

MEIN

.

Ebt " Cranium " Orrm.

Or L Al 4 CASHME AND CHEST!' RE COUNTY NEW SP .L.P EMS I CO mpriwo THE Warrington and Mid-Citeskire Examiner, pub- baled every Sitturday morning. THE Earlestown and Newtos Examiner, published every Friday aftrnoon. THE St. Helens Examinir, published every Friday afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Saturday 1 morning ; and HE Widnes Examiner, published every Saturday morning.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
PIIBPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

coming under the following heads are inserted in ALL the above-mentioned Pap:rs for ONE CHARGE. as per scale given below. SITU-LTD.:CS WANTED, APARI'MEN TS TO BE LET, SITUATIONS VACANT, PAETINERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS WANTED, MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT, MISCELLANEOUS WANTS, HOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. One Three Six Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Adver- tisement inserted on credit under 2:1. per insertion.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
Donutstir RPerbant4.

WANTED, General SERVANT —Apply l 78,G-rest Clowes- st, eet, Broughton, Manchester.

WANTED, Gtmeral SERVANT.--k pply Cheshire Mid Lind Hotel, P.el Causeway, Altrineharu.

IV A N 13' clean rrot'asS eclV'hbr;t lel eGy FR. Na',l,4.glet A it.. nf rcohrenstleBr t o 20.

TAN IFD goor.l General SERVANT, about 18 or 20. The Bridgewftter Arms, Stony-lane, Hindley, Wigan.

SELECT REGISTRY for SF,RVANTS.—Ladieq quickly .111_ suited.—Mr. BILLINGTON'S Registry, Albion-at., Han- ley.

-NisrANTED. May Bth. General SERVANT. not under 13. M rs. BRACEGIRDLE, thech House Farm, Dunham., near A Itrineltn m.

Ntl ANTE 111. god Plain COOK or GENERAL ; gd oaker. V 11,0 Housemdd-Wai re-. 3 ; couutry.—Mrs. 4ANDELL, 6, 132gdale, Whit ',37.

HOSPITA 1: trained Nurses Fent out on the shortest notice. —ACdre,s. Mrs. CRULKSILLNIE, 24 and 26, Eaanor-st., Col nbrook, MancheAer. .

WANTED, good GENERAL SERVANTS ;good vacancies now open. —Apply. Mrs. SUTCLIFFK, Central litgi.try- Office, 14. Bairstow—t.. Blackpool.

MT"siTnV:: hfimi b/it2,t(i;.rncotmi, ,alillt,tieler a Co:cgardnlilitinga.na,,o; 20.—W. Si Wetherhy.

W ANTE G. COOK GENERAL, 30 :coung Generals for V 1 private and pnblie ; good r.ferPnces required.—.slllB Eintstx. Church-at. Itegi6try Office, Bolton.

WANTED. SITUATION ns working Flon?elieepir, respecta-le miiinle-aged person, good references . Address, H., 49. Slill-lane,Newfon-le-Wiilows.

WANTBD. go nd GENERAL. about 13 or 20 to wash. Country girl preferred. roo,l refereaces required.— App'y. 27, Ci.fto,t-road, Eccles. Manchester.

ALL C/a,Feg el respeetable SNRVAN't S are waiting to he evgn! ;icy lady Call be suitid et onet..—Apply to Bars. BENPOST, Registry Mire, Madeley, Salop. - as Groom tinder CcAclunan, or seef.nd _Coachman ; three yearo' good eharaoter ; age GOODM.i.N. leversal Manor, Mansfield.

31iss iluDsoN,-3 High Class REGISTRY.—Superior Servants preraptly suited ; Genera:s r.nct Plain Cooks Wanted ioan"liately.-19, Mani-street. Wnrrington.

QITUATINN WANTED, as llouel,eeDer. U ertd hp or 13 Companion, good refevenc,s. durnesticatpd ad otAiging. —A. F. 1/ENNIO. Eigh-st.. hoc.-10er, ntar Uttoxet,r,

WADITED. Cr o: s, expetienrh,i. and plain. Housemaids, Nt; ftp ref ses, and Sewingntaids, Generals, all classes of servants. Apply, Miss Wx-xx, 1-1 igh-st.,Madeley, Stir° pshire.

ivGPIONG Houseiteeper WAN') BD fora Business man, aecustorned ton s n•stt dAirv; guod rrferenee, required. —Apply to Mr. JtOIIN WOOLLEY, ilaughton Green, near Man- chester.

IVA IS\ illy D.. I ble to vSaltsilliV„.A.r.N:firt,t,hno.roetpT,N f;)trrntihve;linthuot? have good elimn.cf er.— Mrs. J. S. Scorr, Rock View, Aleixun- Blveliburn. '

'iv ANT i‘ r), eNperi,-rie,(III,ENNIZAL, abow• 25, ons• userl to ami f-trrnhouse wyrk pr,b,!rrecl ; no wasi-jrt, : £:4.—Apply by letter stating rt,ferenees.—Mrs. BELLASIY , Kirby, ne, Li verp,ol.

1,7 t AN't ED. 'or Ilarrogat,., several goed GENERALS :two T ext.riet,ced COOKS. srnal! families ; t..vo good 1-10T7S1,?..1AIDs ; wages tr,rn £l2 ::?0.--PyLLAA's Ser- vants Reglatry. 18 and 20. Albet Harrogate.

tvi ALE and FEMALE NURSES iNSTITUTION, 70 Ho-t. Liverpool. Estol.. 187.3.—F0r Atten4antB. Kental, Medical, and Monthly rinrses, Mavrtgf, apply or " Nurses." LiYerpool. "!.,lephone. 57C.

Iflatrunnnp.

AIATRIMONY.—Spinster, orphan, nice looking, _OA educated, affcctirnate, and of respectable birth. 'with gqod private income and consi.ierable capital at own disoosal wi.tu,s to correspond with an educated gentleman (bachelor or widower) cf refined christitn principles, with view to marriage. Strict. Fecrecv exuected.—iddress. Mies TIIESTPER 81. Wells t.tre.t, Oxford Si reet. London. W.

- lulral - I itantintnts.

ciAPITAL Two-rnonuni ORGAN; new ;fine rich kJ temp. splendid pitch pine case.—ALEx. Yourto ic SONS. Organ builders. Eldon-st... Manche4er.

eir• W. TEMPERLEY, MUSIC SELLER, 31, LOWLAND'S ROAD. RUNCORN. lANOS, ORGANS, VIOLINS, &c. Tuning and Repairs. All kinds of Fittinus in Stock. Arrangements made tor First-Class Orchestral Band and Pianists. PIANOS on HIKE and on if 'RN-PM-ICU A.SE.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S cHLort9D-IrNE. THU ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. `IIILORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to -I be the moA wonderful and valuable remedy ever dis- -covere+.l. LORODYNE is the hest remedy known for I.J Couuhs, Consumption. Bronchitis, and Asthma. f)111.0ItODYN fl effectually checks and arrests ‘..) those too oftan fatal diseases.—Diptheria, Fever. Creep, lElAgue. I.OItI)DYNE acts like a charm in Dia.rhma, kJ and is the orOy pe.A3c in Cholera and Dysentry. (lIILORODYNE effectually outt; short all 1,, tacks ‘...) of Epilepsy, Hysteria. Palpitation. and Spasms. 1Th1.11.01-10DYNE is the only palliative in Neural- Oa, Rheumatism, Gout, Canecr, Tout laaehe, Xeningitis,

ie. From Dr. B. J. Rouvrox k Co.. Hornce We have made pretty extensive use of Chicrodyne In our preneiee lately. and look upon it as an exeelient direct Sed,t- Vv:! and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion hi whatever organ. and from whatever cause. It. induces a feeling of mantort and quietude not obtainable hy any other remedy. isrul it seems to possess this great tuiran- age over ail other Sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. " Earl oommu:deated* to the College of Physicians that he reeelveo a despatch trona her M..jesty's Consul-- at Manilla, to The cfreast that. Cholera !cut been raging* feerfully • and that Llye ONLY remedy of any s-rvice Was CilLollo- - Lancet .Ist lw -ember, 1864. CAMION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND ISEIT- , ATIONS. eAuTiotr.—Viee. Chrtneellor Sir W. PAGE WOOD StatPri that De. Y. GoLLte Ilkowsr;. was. undoubtedly, the inventor ot CZ:W*II,OI)Y NE " and that the story of the 'defendant }'ijes. iielilverritto.y untrue, whieb he regretted to 333 , mad been sworn to,--Seo Timea, 13th Jely.lC64. Sow in bottles at 13 lt., 23. 91., and 4s. 6,1. None is genuine without the words " Dif. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S C 1,11.0 hO DYN E" on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medical tei.tintony accompanies each bottle. SOLE MANUFACTURN7II.•-4. DAVENPOIiT. 33. Great Bussell at.. litoenistturv. London.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
WANV EVe,RYBUDY 'lO TY

D. it ,A.1"8 INFALLIBLE REMEDIES Dr. 3IAY'S Anti-eorvtiostlon PILLS are strongly recom- mended to 'all who buffer irorn hAitual COSTIVENICii. They diff-r Irom most a tvertised remedies for this prevalent .-eoniplaint. their action I..einpt to ..rTILIINOTTIEI and IN- DUCE a healthy sttte ay the bTOMACH sod BOWELS. %hey give tone to and alter the morbid state& tbe:e organs. SENT PO. T FIN, 1/4 Zit 2/9 per BOX.

DR. MAYS AMERICAN FORMULA

r For NRRIMUS IMBILITY, TIC NEURALGIA, TOOTH- ACIIK awl d,,bititateil wmn out eonditiont oi the Nervous :Avstrm. A I.•otverful NiiiiVl Eiu thl form of a PILL `Achich quic;iiv palls ,mo t.igrtiler aud reitores shattered - ' -"health. 1•

ST POST V13P14 2/9 k 4/3 per BOX. Atidress. 3. I,:INCSNT-ST..CANNING TOWN. LONDON E.

ICEETII t TEETH ! TEETH! M:LCD:IN4LTI'S FUER DRS.-TOM UM.

wcOLT6ALIMV.IFICIAL JIWTH MANUFACTORI (Reigistrrtil.) Ds. H At .R. Letters Patent. (Trade Mark.) • The 11,s=tarui 1101160 in the Profession. _ _ . _ _

. _ einszlel 3. ; zas. It and Quality Guaranteed l'atif:tts fitted wh'ile tlgey wait. A ladv in atterniam,,. Tl+e Iride `itippiled. Al! beat materials and wurkint 491i1p

fe.eth txtrActed free from 6 to 8 p.m. Teerk ex tr.icteli. without pain. Free coalrat ion o Teteurr,phia Areria Drntist." Alunchester. _ .

E. PI CC-4111. r- (opposite a ,qirim, ry Clock). MANCHESTBB

Oggs, Vanitn), &r.

UNDER IDE CLOI H. PUBLIC I))ENErIT 13.0011 ARRIVAL OE' NEW (;00Di Foft SPRING, 15.44. GENTLEMEN'S 1100TS..turl StIOE4 in it 7! fittings. GENTLEMEN'S OAF SENN 11(1011i, all wl.lt,lts, 8/17 GENTLEMEN'S CALF 13001'i. 11/'3, 1?./9 WC, 1816. 21/- GENTLEMEN'S 'RUSSIA TAN CALI.% 6/11 to 103 GECNTraII'4IIX'S 1.0,v sHons. 41; fittings. LADIES BOOT 3 AN! 1u var.,t'es. Three Gold. 1.1.47A13 A wri .I.a. NDERTIIE k.,11,0eg. • 113. BRIDGE-STRKET. WARRINGTON,

SMITH'S 71.°0_,TELE.8 - DANDELION ANTIBILIOUS. P 1 LIS. _

- Is. 10. and 2e. 9d. per box thy post tcr 15 or 33 3 tit mpq), area proved oubstitute for cal:ne:. •re stiti for either tea, and may be taken at yny time. her c,e4r the stornaelt, head and kidneys free the t•urnours, purify the blood, regulate the bowels with rot t and satetF. ntter excess in eiting or d•inkinc!. are t 5 tacit valuable at change of life. or periodical obJtrueZfon: No Blue Plll tir 2tl er- curials, hence no fear of cold.

Mach; only by Mr. SMITH. .P. 8. 280, Walworth-vrld, Lon,ton.

PROPRIETOR OP POWLRInc CELEBRATED CORN BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PL.%-aRRI is. lid., per box. by post for 15 stamps ; a Itilooin ':re, however bad the case.

-smuirs I NVALITABL:I POWbRRA, AND PECTORAL FRULP LIZENGES

SAME PRICE:3. Sohi by al! PAtent Medie.ine Yeaciers.

BLACKPOOL. —Park House, Claremont Park, facing the sea; baths, billiards.—TAßlFF on application.

'•\IT '11• WtfItSLEY, •• 4Jhyth:4rl), 31, II- • thester, close to Central ,tstion. bottom at Lower Mottley-street, Citr er.rs im•s the dor-Id. from Piecaditir —Al,xandrs Park, Bradshaw-street, and. Junction ears:: ask the u,ttarct for Wors!ev'e. and be will put rai down at the very door. Established 1841. fe;epotie $Bl. 'See Ady•eitiserment on fritnt page

• - NPT 1 V. L L ' S ORA. V L 1 A sill., eurefor Gravel, Lumbago, Painsin GRAVEL Dropsy, Wind and Water Complalate ti Ittl'J i Ihsea,os uf I . Bladder. iTrilouy Qmans..st,me.. Cieet, Strietu, e G AV cl.te.m, eum.tkrrm. .te. The Ellen', GRAV2,, o. One .Box is :vlarvellous. Brice 1/14 01:AVIL end 2/9 per Lox. .A2ente sill 69. Higher ERIVITTI Neel:Luna GRANT/it '3 Nit Mier, Qhf:mitt. c rengton; Bsrne9, Chemists, 29, Plongington-rmid, Preston ; or frue frc.t.r. Phornmulk, 41, Se:A.:old-i.e.:tr.!, Li% or pool

L L S. Lhe back, PLTS L P,LLS PILLS PILLS LLs PILLS PILLS by poet

===== 0002601_18940428_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINEE. SAT t Ii 1) A V APRIL 8. 1894.

apartinenMAfitrnt.sl)6l 3Potists,Ztr

• Idt .L.tratt),

IVAIMINGTON SLATE COMPANY, LTD L. (LateJcu ttenner;pv and Co.. Ltd.). Priad)EitS' 30IRCHANTS. AEPLY SI'ATI()N, WARRINGTON, VELINIIBLI PENRHYN, & CARNAIiVOII SLATES, OEM KNT, Lzmr.. I.:RAIN PIPES, FIRE BRICKS. Tars. • and every other hind of Enikiers' Materials P•ept in stock ,tour Arpley Wharf. or oent by road, rail, or vessel to any Town or Port in the United Kinadorn. SOLE AGENTS for the RUGBY PORTLAND CEMEIgT CO. Telephone No. 19. Telegraphic Addreaa Arpler,"VPgton

4-.7)a1t5 bo ikitlatt 4Creati).

By MR. THOMAS SUTTON.

BDDES'S DA,Nt3P.LION U OFF El The belt and cheapest ever offcred to the Public. 801 d by all Grocers and Druvr,l;ti, Caulkter bd., 10d., and Is. Sd each. J , (I zin)gtl 4 dor, Waninktou,.

--- _

Brr., on 'ait.

- EIGHT Screw-Cutting LATHES, from 61n. to 14in. centre ; cheap.—Gmemwoon, 39. Nuttall•at , Rochdale. •

A LL kinds of WOOD-WORKING MACHINES, over 50)U stock.—GREENWOOD, 48, Molesworth-st., Rochdale.

FOR SAIII, useful TRAP to carry four. Cheap. BERTON, 35, Winwick-st., Warrington.

200 LIIRR IBS, butchers' cat ts vans, floats, -1-)O--; coal waggons, ladders.—W. M. JouNsoN, 11, Li poul-road, Manchester.

DOG OWNERS' Name and Address Engraved n, Shilling. Dog Collars for Sale. Coal Dealers' Labe wholesale and reta ii —HALL, 53. Paradise-street, Liverp-

f

• • znootl4- o'l the,' teclif:ll

===== 0002601_18940428_art0049.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'

===== 0002601_18940428_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
GIVEN FREI, PASHIONA MLR 13LA.CK L With Marvel Parcel ot PgAcirs

I:_jAcE 9 -1 /1; Dllll,lscj_ I /(,,i . .1_111(.1

CARR:A(IB -rit (11.egd). Lot No. 723 : 1 lair Drawing-roorn Curta.n.,, 4 yd.:. by 2 yds.. rem...choke ; I pair Dining-mom, 3l ydS by 54 in. ; 1 pair Sitting-room. 3 .‘ 48 ; 1 pair Bedroom. 3y, ; 1 AittimacaF•bar, 6 I,a. Lace. lino ()nab; ; 1 lace Hand- kerci,hf ; 2 Lace D'nyleys 13 vdo. Wasi,h./g Lan•- Black Silk bet. All Gamins Pitied Elges. t•er,l ci•ot, if desirp,/ (Ity* parecia hare delighted cu.,: otnere 16 yea a. Salisfael lon guaranteed or money teturned. Prize Medal, Chicago. 1893. S,nd for 1394 Rice List (Pcst Fr:36), showing 200 Illustrations of Lace Curtains, Laces, Elcunc ugs, Mantle Capes. Holler Blinds. P. 0.0 's payable to S. PEACH .t SONS, LIVTER GATE', NOTTINGHAM. gat. 1E57.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0051.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. ,

===== 0002601_18940428_art0052.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MOM

===== 0002601_18940428_art0053.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
WffiMffi

===== 0002601_18940428_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
iates bp Ration.

By 31r. WILLIAM ELLIS.

By Messrs. .A.RTINGSTALL 4.- HIND.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
d

OLADE AND CO.'S ‘..)YCLES.

I

SPECIALITY FOR 1894. TIIE POPULAR HUMBER SAPHTY. FITTED DUNLOP TYRES.

13s OD,

The ORIEL SAFETY ROADSTER or RACER Stied with all up-to-date Improvements. "eag:it of Roacliter 351bs. Facer 3:lbs. with PNRU-

I

MATIC TYRES.

PRICE £_l2s. 12D. OD.

CUSHION TYRES ES 10e. 73, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

1!

===== 0002601_18940428_art0056.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18940428_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
• ... . ......„ - •': ''',: -...:!ii,,,'..;:.-41','....:-.'•.- ...' ~.. '. '7•'•'.';''...'',...,..'''.'•••.':.:.:.i,: ... .. - ...-::,-.,:t",....:',',.:'..:..- . ..., .... -..... . ... ... ...... ~..,•'......'.....:7..:...:,-.....T...-1:,. ~... .. ... -

CONSUM FTION, BRONCHITIS AND A STI.I MA.

I will demonstrate to the whole world. and to auff,rer, from these unfortunate maladies, how they can be permitti- ently cured, by an entirely New Method of Pre4t merit, wiih- out the chance of failure. Write with full nontidence to ;kir. Wir.m.l3,ls, 11, Borwood Place. Norfolk er,eceut. London. He will scud you full particulars free of all charge.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0058.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
liiontp.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER,

-;ATURDAY, APRIL 29, IEI4

THE Bill for fixing the maximum ,Prs' Eight nours. days work of miners at eight hours was again read a second time in the HOMO of Corn mons on Wednes- day. Few questions have ripened, in the Parliamentary sense, more rapidly than this of the compulsory shortening of the hours of labour, and especially of the labour of miners. Two years ago this eight-hours Bill was rejected in the House of Commons by the sweeping majority of 112. The division of last year evidenced a re- markable change, for the second reading was then carried by a majority of 78. This year the majority is 87. It seems, therefore, as certain as anything can be in politics that the Miners' Eight Hours Bill will SOOn have the force and authority of law. It is said, of course, that the Bill will be considerably altered in committee, and some even go so far as to say that it will be "amended " almost out of existence. But there is no need to take prognostications of this kind too seriously. The miners cause has now many vigilant repre- sentatives in the House of Commons, and it may be confidently assumed that the same arguments and the same pressure .of public opinion which secured the second reading , will ensure the subsequent progress of the Bill. It is likely enough that the Bill in some of its pro- visions will be modifir_d, but there is now little fear of its being mutilsted in any of its essential parts. For one thing, the promoters of the Bill will deriv,s, great advantage from the sympathy and support of the Government. With one or two exceptions, the cabinet have, from the Prime ( Minister downwards,deelared themselves in favour of the measure, and every facility will be given for its passage. The opposition to the second reading on Wednesday followed the lines with which we are now all pretty familiar. Perhaps the strongest note of resistance caml from Mr. J. Wilson who represented the views of a portion of the miners of Durham and Northumberland. The position taken up by Mr. Wilson and those on behalf of whom he spoke is neither very logical nor very creditable. The miners of these two north- ern countries now work less than eight hours a day, yet they seem disposed, or at all events their leaders seem disposed, to stand in the way of the miners of other parts of the 'country enjoying a similar boon. And what is more, it appears that their short hours are obtained largely at the expense of the boys who are kept at work for Something like ten hours a day. To most people one of the strongest arguments for the present Bill is that it will prevent the over-work of juveniles for the benefit of their own parents, for that is What it means to a great extent in the colliery districts of the North. Another argument that was used in opposition to the Bill, was the very familiar one of foreign competition, and of the handicapping of home industries. It has been said that " Famil- iarity breeds contempt," and it is so in this case. The impending ruin of native industries has been so often foretold when there has been any sugges- tion of ameliorating the conditions of any section of the working classes, and these prophecies of evil have been so invariably falsified that argu- ments of this character now carry little or no weight. In fact, taking. the debate as a whole, it can scarcely be disputed that it was as decisively in favour of the Bill as was the division that followed.

MOST people have come to the COD- " Trickg elusion that there are trichs in the Trade."

milk trade, just as there are tricks in most other trades. The peculiarly thin and meagre consistenco of the fluid that is sometimes delivered to householders is suggestive of a certain amount of manipulation. But probably few of us were prepared for the revelations which an ex-dairyman makes in the "Economic Review "of the extent to which the public are imposed upon in regard to the nourishing and necessary milk they consume. It should, however, be stated that this particular milk dealer gathered his experi- ences in London, and perhaps it is only fair and charitable tO assume tat provincial vendors are less " knowing " and more scrupulous than their metropolitan brethren. The writer in question bought his business from a man of high loc,tl' reputation and a " regular at at a place of worship " in one of the London suburbs, and hav- ing paid a deposit of i'loo his initiation into the mysteries; of the busittess began. In the first place he was told that it was necessary to dye the milk before selling it. The dye eon_ sisted of a teaspoonful of liquid anatto with every eight quarts, and. this process was for the purpose of giving the milk a rich creamy appearance. What was known as " cooking butter" was pre_ duce(' by a plentiful admixture of margarine with genuine butter, and "nursery milk," of which seine dairies make a speciality, was simply ordinary milk put into sealed cans. He learned too that more milk was sold from the dairy than. was sent to it, but ho appears., to have been left to form his own conclusions as to how that little feat of legerde- main was performed. Another source of profit wis found in skimming the cream off one lat of milk and then nixing fresh milk with the skim milk. Then -there was the " new-laid egg" depitrtment which was not to be neglected. Tim eggs were bought in cases of 1,200 from FrAnce, and as it was presumed tint th cse en the -top were the freshest they were sold as the "new-lad "; the next layer were described as the "bes!.-, breakfast ;" and the rest wa..?.sue ply

===== 0002601_18940428_art0060.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18940428_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
'1 HE EN: A. MINES SATURDAY, APRIL 28, 1894.

"fresh." lii order to build up and extend a con- nection various expedients were resorted to, such as hribing care-takers and house agents' clerks in order to procure the names of new tenants who might be secured as customers. From all this it would seem that milk selling, in the metropolis at all events, is by no means the simple business that it might seem to be to outsiders. At all events the anonymous writer who makes these remarkable allegations declares that he found an experience of three months amply sufficient, and he sold out at a loss of half the capital he had expended in the purchase of the business.

WIDNES Y.M.C.A.

ONE of the latest American An Industrial Army. "notions" is a march of unem- ployed and discontented workthen upon the capital city, in order that the grievances of those who take part ix it may be impressively brought under the notice of Congress. Companies of, this great industrial army have been formed in various parts of the western States, and for a week or two past they have been converging upon Washington. At first little notiCe was taken of the movement, then it was followed with amused curiosity, but within the last few days the govern- ing and comfortable classes of the great Republic have viewed the development of affairs witli some- thing like alarm. The numbers of the " indus- trials " have rapidly increased, some of the larger cities, it is said, turning out recruits by the thou- sand. In some eases when railway companies refused to give the demonstrators a "free lift," trains have been seized and used to expedite the march eastwards. Deputy marshalls who attempted to repress lawlessness have been disarmed and ther weapons apPropriated. In fact, con- sidering the enormous nuuber of unemployed men, and the seething discontent and social un- rest that is apparent in the industrial regions of the States at the present time, the movement might easily be the starting point of a civil conflict of the most deplorable Kind. It is not surprising, therefore, that both the Federal and State Govern- ments are beginning to take thb matter very seriously, and are. calling out militia and regular troops. These vigorous measures will no doubt' repress the present disorders, but they will do so only by driving discontent beneath the surface. America has produced a great number of million- aires, but at the same time it has developed a social question of vast magnitude. Whatever may become of the present "industrial army" it is quite certain that the evils against which it pro- tests will not be abolished by the use or either Federal troops or militia.

WIDNES YOUNG PEOPLE'S SOCIETY OF CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOUR.

This Society held its weekly meeting on Monday even- ing when Mr. J. R. Routledge delivered an address on " Troyer."

The usual weekly meeting of this Society was held in Bedford Chambers on Monday night. An admirable address was delivered by the Rev. W. E. Lead (Primitive Methodist minister) on "How to study the Bible," and was greatly appreciated by all present.

TUE COMING ENCAMPMENT OF THE RUNCORN VOLUNTEERS. It was announced on Wednesday by Sir Evelyn Wood (Quarter-Master General) that the Commander-in-Chief had approved of the encampment of the 2nd V.8.C.R., at Blackpool this year, from August 4th to 11th. This will probably be news to our local volunteers or those interested in them.

OAKLAND-STREET METHODIST FREE CHURCH, WIDNES. A meeting in connection with the Band of Hope of this Society was held in the schoolroom on Monday evening, when songs, recitations, &c., were given by the Widnes Victoria Entertainment Party and friends.— The programme was gone through in an excellent man- ner and was much appreciated. If you want your WATCH .euiPAinrs by skilled work ntea take it I 4 PRITCHARD'S. - Adv.

HANDSOME GIFT TO A RUNCORN MINISTER. Lord Egerton of Tattnn has forwarded to the Rev. Dr. Preston, vicar of Holy Trinity Church, Runcorn, a cheque which will enable him to purchase the elegant American organ which has been used in the Navvy Mission Building. It has been installed in the Mariner's Church, Irwell-lane, Runcorn, where it will be used in connection with the services there. - INTER WORKS FOOTBALL COMPETITION. • •

The final tie in this competition wa's played on Thurs- day evening on the Widnes football field, before a lar4e "gate." The Widnes Alkali team showed their super- iority from the start and eventually ran out winners,the final seore being, Widnes Alkali 2 goals, 3 tries, Weston 1 try. After the match the gold and silver medals were preeented to the winning teams by Miss Carey.

RUNCORN PRIMITIVE M ETHODIST SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSAPtY.

By reference being made to our advertising columns it will be seen that the anniversary sermons in aid of the above school will be preached on Sunday next in the Chapel, Greenway-road. The pulpit will be occupied by the Rev. H. Davenport, of Walkden, and formerly of Runcorn, in the morning, afternoon, and evening ; and it is hoped that the congregations will be large and the collections substantial.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
GOLD MEDAL DIETETIC TEAS.

SPECIALLY RECOMMENDED TO DYSPHPTICi, ?lid a g,eat boon to any who have been denied the use of other teas by their Medical Advisers. _HENRY MILLING & CO. LTD.

M ERCHANTS, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCA:, NEWS.

" PLEAS-ANT SUNDAY AFTERNOON" MEETING .A-T

IiiJNCORN.

In connection with St. Panl's Wesleyan Bible Class a " pleasant Sunday afternoon" meeting was held on Sun- day afternoon im the St. Paul's Charel. The event wan to celebrate the opening of a new organ which has been purchased for the class. The congregation was a large one and a most enjoyable programme of sacred music was gone through. The president of the class, Mr. B. Kniveton, gave an address during the service on" The ministry of music."

HELP ?DOM RUNCORN FOR TIM HOME AND FOREIGN MISSIONS.

Special sermons were preached on Sunday at Elles- mere-street Methodist Free Church, Runcorn, on behalf of the Home and Foreign Missions. The, Rev. J. Pulford Williams, pastor of the Presbyterian Church delivered an admirable discourse in the morning, and the Rev. W. ,Irrowk,mith, Wesleyan, in the evening. The congrega- tions were numerous, and the collections were very satisfactory, and were devoted to the Home and Foreign Mission Fund.

JO.,ELE PNITCIIARD, Watchmaker aid "wailer, 51, filiza- it., ituneorn.-4dvt.

ACCIDENT TO A SAILOR AT RUNCORN DOCKS.

A somewhat serious acc;dent happened on Friday after- noon of last week at the Runcorn Docks. Whilst Charles Rooney, sailor, of Ovel ton, Frodsham, was enga,ged in placing a" fender" over the side of the kessel Mary tlillsas she was leaving doek, he fell overboard between the wall and the vessel. He was badly crushed, and after having been bravely rescued from the water he was attnded by Dr. Robinson. Though admission would have bt en permitted to the Southern Hospital, Liverpool, the mother of the injured man requested that he should be taken home, which was accordingly com- plied with. So 10 PAITCHAND'S, 31. High-at., Huneora. for the hos* frzvit GUINEA WATCIi a working man eau have.--Adet.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
MEETING OF TilE RUNCORN SONS OF TEMPERARCE.

The fortilightly meeting of the above society was held on Saturday evening, the president, Mr. David Smith, oceilpving the chair. Mr. Thomas J. Bolt introduced ihe sulijeet oi •' Training the cadet (or Juvenile Order) in temperance principles." lie contended that it was imperative to train them at the regular meetings, not only as to the pernicious habit of smoking, but as to the properties and injurious effects .of drink to the human system. He advocated offering prizes to the best teci- ters as it would be it healthy stimulus to the members. Following the address was an interesting conversation by the undermentioned officers upon the subject : Messrs. John Jones, Edward Key, Daniel Bisbrown, and Thomas Co( ke. It was resolved that a copy or the "Son of Temperaecc " should be regularly supplied to the Free Library.

When in want of A CNAITS Will ELEGANT WIMPINO or Ilvvrupey PRIL•SkX7 gO to Pitircx,eaues, 51, Mgla-itre•t. t.

ALLEGED BIGAMY AT RUNCORN.

At the Runeorti Petty Sessions on Monday morning. before Me,srs. A. Thomas, S. Taylor and F. J. Norman, Mary Dagnall was charged with having feloniously married Jesse Duckers, on April 9th. at Runcorn, her fir,t husband, Wiiliain Dagnall being then alive ; and Jesse Dockers with aiding and abetting Mary Dagnall in the offence.—lnspector Cooper deposed to visiting the Parish Church, Runcorn, on the 9th inst., where, upon examining the registers, he found that the female prisoner had gone through the torn of marriage with William Dagnall, on May 26th, 1885 ; and with Jesse Duckers on the 9:.h April. When apprehended Duckers said he knew the woman Dagnall was married, but her husband had married her under a wrong name. A simi- lar statement was made by the woman after her arrest. William Dagnall, the original husband of the woman had taken out Vie warrant, and had signed the information. Inspeat )r Athei ton applied for a remand until Friday at noon, in order t.'l4'; further inquiries might be made and the case con-4th t A.—An adjournment until half-past twelve o'clock on Friday was accordingly granted.

PtiTonAnn's have now stood the test for fifti,y years. aad quality an4l first class workmanship are still guaraateed.— Advt.

CONCERT AT TIIE SEA/SRNS' INSTITUTE, RUNCORN. The at concert of the season in connection with the above institute was held in the large room on Monday evening, under the presidency of Mr. Shaw, missionary. There was a large audience and the proceedings proved very enjoyable throughout, the various artistes sustain- ing their respective parts in a manner worthy of the greatest praise. During the evening the following pro- gramme was gone through :—Song and chorus, "Hurry tittle children," Miss 1\1( lie Douglas; recitation, " The wife's prayer," Miss Lill ',haw ; song," Won't you buy my pretty flowers," !Liss Cassie Allen ; recitation, " CA ref ul messenger," Miss Florence Brockley ; quartette Q11?Vfl r,f the night," children ; recitation, "Little Jim," Miss Lucy Hitchen ; ductt, by Misses Uzzie Hawthorne and Lizzie Peacock ; fan drill, children ; duett, " What are the wild waves saying," Mn,sesi Coward and Owen; comic song, "Is that Mr. Reilly ?" Mr. Bert Altun ; violin and pianoforte duett, " Sailor's iirtam," Misses Bowyer and Douglas ; duet, " Gipsy Coutitess," Miss Coward and Mr. B. Allen ; sings, " Powder Monkey," Mr. John Shaw ; "Daddy wonidn't buy ow a how-vcow," Miss Douglas ; " The broken pitcher," Miss Com ard ; " Polly Wolly Noodle," Mt. Vied Allen ; duet, Miss C:ward and Mr. Fred Allen ; 1w:tato:I, " Tickst. O'Leave,' Mr. J. H. Owen. Mr. Saw, in a si.ort, but; pithy address, explained that the object of the entertainment was for the benefit of the hand. Lt the close of the pnceedings a hearty vote of thanks were accorded those la;iies and gentlemen who had contributed to the programme. Miss Bowyer accompanied in her usual efficient manner upon the pianoforte. JOSEPH PRIICIIIRD, 51, High-street, Runcorn, keeps bI'EtOTACLI. to suit all sights, from a shilling a pair.—dolet.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
SUDDEN DEATH AT WIDNES.

On Mon Jay morning about ten o'clock, a man named Michael Timmins, of 6, Canal-st.,was feund dead in bed. The deceased lett wsrk at noon on Sunday and had his usual meals and went to bed about nine o'clock. On Monday morning he was called, but receiving no answer the landlady went to his room and found him dead in his bed. Deceased made no complaint when retiring to bed, and appeared in his usual health. He had suffered from chronic bronchitis for several years.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
ritic NEW GENERAL DISTRICT RATE FOR RUNCORN.

A special meeting of the Runcorn Board of Conatnis- 'loners was held on Tuesday evening in the Board room for the purpose of affixing the seal of the Board to tho new general district rate. Mr. S. Taylor occupiod the chair and there were also present Messrs. F. Wiswall, E. unison, D. Brisbrown, J. Meadowcroft, W. Handley, F. A. Lake, 'law clerk ; E. Marshall, secretary; and M. Barker, surveyor.—Mr. W. Handley proposed "that the seal of the Board be affixed to the General District rate of 25. 10(1. in the £ for the year ending March 31st, 1895."—Mr. D. hisbrown in seconding said he'would like to bear his testimony- to the manner in which the Board had endeavoured to bring the rate down to its normal level. It was obvious to all that they had lad to drop a number of improvements in order to keep the rate at 2s. 10d.' and it was a wonder to him that it was not thanmore than that. There was no disguising the fact that their expenses were gradually creeping up, but he hoped that their future years would be more prosperous.—The proposition was unanimously carried. MIDDEN DEATH OF A CHILD IN RUNCORN.

A little girl named Ethel O'Donovan, aged two and a half years, who lived with her parents at 68, Grice's Square, Runcorn, died rather suddenly on Tuesday afternoon. About a month ago the child sustained a small wound above one of her eyes whilst .playing with some other children. After having been attend cd the wound apparently healed, but subsequently it leap. peared and the child became very ill. She was attacked with convulsive fits and was medically treated by Dr. McLennan up to the time of death. Mr. J. E. Viorseley conducted the inquiry this (Friday) morning at the Run- corn Police Court.—The mother of the child, Elin. O'Donovan, gave evidence, from which it appeared that she thought the wound was caused by the foot of a little boy striking her child in the eye whilst they were playing together on Una 29th February.—Dr. McLennan deposed to making a post-mortem examination, and ex- pressed the opinion that the cause of death was due to the existence of an abeess on the brain, caused by the child being struck by some sharp instrument.—A ver- dict of " Accidental death " was recorded.

RUNCORN PUBLICANS AND TklE INCREASED LIQUOR

DUTIES.

A special meeting of the Runcorn and District Licensed Victuallers Association was held on Teesday evening at the Na.vizaticn Hotel, Canal-street, Runcorn. Mr. John Coxfield occupied the chair, and there was a good attendance. The meeting was called for the pur- pose of discussing, with other business, the proposal of the Chancellor of the Exchequer to increase the ducks on beer and spirits. After several addresses had been delivered on the subject, it was propoeed, seconded and unanimously passed :—" That this meeting of the Run- corn Licensed Victuallers' Association hereby expresses its strong condemnation of the action of the Chancellor of the Exchequer with regard to his proposed increase of duties on beer and spirits, and respectfully asks him to reconsider that portion of his Budget, because, in spite of what may be said to the caterer v, it inflicts greatinjustice on the trade and consumer alike." It was also resolved to forward a cony of this resolution to Mr. J. T. Brunner, M.P. for this division, accompanied by a special request to oppose the imposition of the beer and spirit duties. This was all the business of a public nature.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
AMALGAMATION OF THE RUNCORN CYCLING CLUBS.

An enthusiastic and well attended meeting of the members of the two cycling clubs took place this week at the Cocoa rooms, High-st., Runcorn, for the purpose of considering the questions of amalgamation. Mr. C. Le Couteur was voted to the chair, and the prospects of each organization were reviewed. After a little discus- sion it was unanimously resolved that the two clubs amalgamate, and adopt as its name the " Runcorn Cycling Club." The following officers were appointed : —Messrs. R. Moore, and P. Buckley, secretary, and assistant secretary ; Mr. T. Crawford, treasurer ; Mvssi a C. Le Couteur and Hindley captain and sub-captiin of Saturday riders ; Messrs. Winwards and Mack, captain and sub-captain of Wednesday riders ; commir( e : Messrs. Lawson, Rushton, Crimes, Taylor, Turtoti,Neild Withington, and Wiswall. It was further decided to adopt the monogram badge, and that the club start at 2-30 on Wednesday and 2-15 on Saturday from Devon- shire Square, on their weekly excursions. A number of other rules were drawn up and passed, and arrange- ments are being made for procuring medals which will be presented to those members gaining the best average attendance. On Wednesday theclub mustered in strong force in Devonshire Square, and indulged in the first run under the new arrangement, their destination being Delamere. The spin proved extremely enjoyable to all. An ex cellent tea was partaken of before returning home amusements of various kinds were participated in. The Saturday riders will also run to Delatnere,and next wetk the rendezvous of both sections will be Chester. DEATH OF THB REV. WM. DICK.

The Rev. William Dick, late pastor at Prescot, has died at Seacombe at the age of 89. Mr. Dick had been in the ministry for over fifty years,during which time he laboured hard in the cause of Tem- perance and social reforms. Mr. Andrew E. Dick, the deacon-secretary of Harecourt Chapel, and Mr. Dick of Bewsey-road, Warrington are sons.

A CROFT ODDFELLOW'S FUNERAL. In the churchyard at Christ Church. Croft, cn Saturday afternoon, there were interred the remains of the late Mr. James Royle, of Chapel-lane, who died on Wednesday last week. The funeral proQes- sion left the late residence of the deceased about a quarter to five, and the deceased being a member of the Earl of Wilton Lodge of the Grand United Order of Oddfellows Friendly Society, ten of the members preceded the bier to the church, each wearing a black silk scarf. The deceased's sash was placed en the coffin, which was borne by his nephews, after which came a number of other relatives and friends. The Rev. H. I. Wadeson, ILA., rector, officiated.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
A B UTCHER'S DISPUTE AT E.ARLESTOWN.

At the Warrington County Court on Thursday before His Honour Judge Wynne Foulkes, Richard Jones butcher, Earlestown, sued John Holland, butcher, Earlestown for .E 6 18s. 4d. money due for meat delivered, Mr. 11. J. Longton defended. The plaintiff said that the defendant had been a ms- tomer for some years, and he had run on the debt above mentioned. Mrs. Jones corroborated her hus- band evidence and said that the debt began to ac- cumulate in 1892. Cross-examined, each witness denied that they knew the defeiidant h d Oven up business in his wife's favour previous to 1892, and the debt for which he was sued was his wife s debt Plaintiff admitted that he had seen Mrs. tic:Hawn; name over the door. Mr. Longton scil th:it his client had given over the business to hizl wife, on,: was not aware of the debt. He had since taken the business again but did not wish to be encumbered by his wife's debts. After evidence by the defen- dant, his wife, and Thomas Lattimer, his Honour said that he would have given judgement for the plaintiff but for the fact of him seeing Mrs. Holland's name over the shop door, which should have caused him to make inquiries. He would therefore give judgment for the defendant but would not al:ow Costs.

MARRIAGE OP MIES EMILY LEE, LATE OF WARRINGTON. Yesterdarat the Trinity Wesleyan Cleipel, Plod- sham, the nuptials were celebrated bet ween.. Jr.l W. H. Edmunds. irournonger. son of the Wir. F. F. , Ed- munds, of Overton, and Miss Ewily J ic. m Lee, of Frodeliam, daughter of the late Mr.. Themas L-e, of ‘Varrington. The Rev. F. P. Its.dynerd.,, ',Arita the ae4sistance of the Rev. R. Rentono he reAieeitt, rnini- ter, performed the ceremony weak!, whs wit iiei..sed by a very large congregie!en. The tesi•-le was at- tired in a dove coloured elik wit heliotrope. The bridesmaiis were Mi. 4. flo- munds, (sister of tee bridegroon2) arei the Misses Lee, three nieces of the bride, ail ,d wheal wore cream dresies and carried b eautifill ia.eeleets of flowers. Mr. William Lee of Hee:au:len was beat man, and Mr. T. Jackson Lee, (brothel) ;feve the bride away. As the wedding part v left, the enurch a large number of flewere was sire t.114-ir path. The wedding breakfast was partakeei it at he house of Miss Bibby, at ter which the newl)-marrzed pair left for Llanfairfechan. Num.troui presents had been received.

THINGS HEARD AND sEEN AT

RUNCORN.

BY AN OCCASIONAL COILILSSPON,iiNT.

It is now apparently clear to the movt casual observer that, the directors of I he Mitnehti.: er Ship Canal Company are not viewing I tie idea of !be construction of a graving dock at Runcorn in a very favourable light. Of course they ori,:itut!iy prom- ised to make such a provision on the banks of the canal but the course which events ha% e rAkett has perhaps induced them to recon,OdE-r thetr.,,,ciston in this matter. The Runcorn Commissiuner.; have received a communication fro rn the DtreetLr, a-k- -ing if the £50.000 or -MAK). wn tett pt.., c.,rl -t ruc- tion of a gravin., dock wow,' incur c.mil koh be expended in other works which wJithi pitivit in ire beneficial to the town.

This attitude on the part of th, Can ,i has created a considerable amount ef 01,4rul it on the one hand, whilst it has ,e.en ;in.!, on the other hand,by a great deal of favour. O'fi; tett the antagonistic feeling emanates froai ing community, whose trade, op. 111,./11 of a large number of persons, will receive a 'severe blow should the money be spent othe:wi,,,, irfaii at first promised. As against this impression therei4 hu conviction of another numerous set of p.:r,holfo,, viz., the carriers by water, who believe iik.t the grating dock should be Ono to»-d f be rime being, and that the lay-byes at tt.ei.jlt, ~udd be extended and warehouses built. By doitt,z tit'. they hope to attract additional trade to, which for shipbuilding purposes, money tti'W4C. be spent. in extending the yards pectiousiy ue tthe Old Quay.

The Comanssioners have happily recognis,ll tle importance of the situation and the m i it.r lia4 dealt with by the General Purposes es;rn wit tee who have issued instructions to Mr. F. A: w clerk, to learn from the directors of the .ril um- pany their proposals regarding the cpb-st This has been dune, but up to time of %% 11,ie ii n-ply had been received and constquentl) no:l.,n;:uf.-if a &unite nature has been decioed. It is 1,0 oi.! h,Tefi that the ClaltriS of each industry will receive lit-jr due attention, and that whdt is ol•joe wtil filve Ihe effect of improving the pre4elit c,phititrai trace in the town which, we au know, in lLtmentZ,l,,.

Mr. John Holford, the re-pected con L.e.t.-.1 -1 the Runcorn Tonic Sol Fa classes.i- c,Tiniiity l.h con- rataz ed upon the perfortnance of otp ons y.o,l,lity ev,oing in the Publie II LI 1 s,nl,:ient production of the cantata "Magna Ciiat quite!, no mcan amount, of skilful tonstc4l knot-. ,e-lwe which can only be gained by ddi!4.,“.ti,0tt,.0,..,. It is wc:..11 known that Mr. Uo ford na, Iv o! V.ly hard for many long years to hrint! to the bighes.t possible standard of -f i14,y,,,.14 Ne is How beginning to behold ;lie Ina ,-. We have it on the authority or a jir tn ..,•(17. weat- her of the musical prolet•sion tiott, choir is " distinctly above the aver,' and the members of that combinatioa ought to feel proud of posi•essing such a cmiduc:..ir„ wi•o I,as been 80 iustrumemal in winning laurel, fur di-m.

Our local publicans are offering seri4m4pp don to the propot4al of the Clititieei!or ot t.,e tx- clqtir to raise the imposittonsoilbee: and spirits. At a special meeting at Runcorn of their A-s9citt- tion a few nights ago they unauini•msly con4lontited the Chancellor's action, being convinced that it in- flicted great inju,tice on the trade and consumer aiike. A copy of the resolution has heen f)rwarded to Mr. J. T. Bt unner, M.P. for the dilisiui, accom- pantei by a request to oppose the "cruel and it 44 i LC position."

===== 0002601_18940428_art0069.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
77t7:;`477.-,

===== 0002601_18940428_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
MIME

A. RUNG:AIN BUILDER'S BASKRU. Teir.

APPLICATION FOR DISJIIARGE.

At the Warrington County Court on .ft tirsd ay, before his Honour Judge Wynne noulkes, Mr. C. F. Dibbs, official receiver, tortne Zt appoecti ion tor the discharge of a blnkrupt nanielWii nu Fr; who carried on business as a joiner 'ilia oa:.tier at Runcorn. -

Mr. Nubs stated that the receiving nr.ler wa.s made on tile 28tu of April, 1887,0 n the Intjt., ' p. stion.Tue order of adjudication was in tilt'. Apra, and the first meeting of t /*Alton was field on Vie ZO it of February, Mr. Lewis Voisey, charteied accoontart, Warrington, being appointed trust,e. The pubic ex- amination closed on the 20 Ii et .itilv. statement of the bankrupt's it stibuilitea ori the of June. His liabilities to rank for deymenal were £6,866 le. 7d., and the assets, alter de.nic.iho, preferen- tial-Calms, were £734 13s. Bd. The flnt aim 14.tal demi of is. in the X was pa:cl t a toe cavaliers. Toe bankrupt had omitted to keep books of au,eoutit as wits usual and proper in the business carried on tie kin, and to sufficiently disclose his business transactioes d financial position within the three yeats inimentatety receding Ms bankruptcy. He had continued to traue at ti r knowing himself ta be insol vent, eels emit ratted the whole ot the debts provable in his bankruptcy with- out having any reasonable or i ribaole groued of ex- pectation of being able to pal them. He had also brJught on his bankruptey by a nen and- h:•.zarilous speculation, and was previously adjudge,' haneroot, in 1866. The I aukrupt stated that tic waeii. Inhale es as a joiner and builder in Runcorn for about 25 %ens ta-ture riling his petition in April, 1887, but win. ut is er any capital capital of Ida own. He atti ibuted his itasoiveney io at claim ler £11,550 made by one M I.is 11Wiln;y1S, out which ha denied owing, and also to the ia,a, that lie WAS also not allowed to complete ten houses be was b..ilaing on land in Speakman-street, Runc.arn, :hes pit' outing him from obtaining an advance thereon by wa.y of meta- gage , and paying off pressing liamlbi.s. its state- inetttS he inade regarding the, data. or £4,550 ava re of an extraordinary. character. He statea ;mm. :or tnany Nears prior to filing his poi eaa, Ma Ka.by and Woodcock, of e.eire:a.a 1, v., re 1,16 exclusive legal advisers and Slat the deatie- hag of all his undertakings woo,. ait very' extensive character. In the 3e:if. Ina Mr. IVoiA- cock induced 11n1 to execute eel. an raaa. nao to a large dwelling house or school house a ...at tune acres of copy hold or freehold lemon:: taint at earn- worth near 'Widnes, alleging that tiiey wa; e 'a of the property, whereas they were a! of such property to Mtn for the sum n nt £it,ooJ, aid first and second mortgages. The bankrupt alleges tow. huugh he can read he never perused any in: thy t;cl,ati in 41114-1, ton, because lie put confidence in Mr. and that he executea them believing 1 t,.! CitSl.a the property on lease, that Mr. Woodcoek was ta,,i 04 Ole responsibility wilt regard thereto ...ILI a iin aaa merely a trustee for Mr. Woodecca, ar• tom- self becoming a responsible lessee, lint way a nail t n ler the purpose of relieving Mr. Miocie‘,o4 ot i.oul-n-; culty. It was unfortunate that Mr. .av -one-, I:. co•d a uot be examined. 'Me pirtnerehlo tea wa-,•al otat imu at Mr Kirby was dissolved some 3aars a;naini at a,',t., al at that time to have left the ceuatty... • receiver) might add ilia.; both struck off tile rolk. He however. tonisino-o court 11111 tto bankrupt's accoant et it t ri. ct n, given duriti4 les exannuation was 14' fat:turf, but (his to some exited tiii;.;l.tt f • from the tact: that he knew lie W 4, .1.0 Itt :6 ,;ii fronted with Mr. Woodeock. N a enst

i,

rt‘er, the hi nkrupt's repudia, 01 ..t .; the anoitgage reterred to, th4:tc‘,„l. •,, ,„I,_ mit a proot ior £1,066 10, 1 1., 1,, n it wart ill, anti a-s.) a proof t i'15,15 13 2 .„ „t Ot the ,th•ond nun (gage. Tne, I,v fi blisk ot the Whitlow's utitcco,,,i it„ thda:iee Teta-, 8 -rued goods sal,:

ss. Ihe a.; a • ~, n:t, pi; proper 1?oi k, a.wi,ges book ...Hi 1.11, k , k why lie iiid i.. k 444.1.) C43ti i Cluj: r , lii• •-; tette, k 11r t,

r

s!nek .er prepared Ws) ,t4E+ s nevcr gnt fuh elrit! ii par" ieu:ar 7O• 4, the. Farto.v;,st:t pr,perTy, a ti;ilt. ; aeo.phas iiUl lt. li:ruy 14t1t.1 •- . ropier ;a1) ugh h s transw t tuts over f...ur.y,ars,mw that he miiy got tie t is.. •.., anotber tol'citor by condeial..ii! r s Me. a'so read extracts trout Mr. L is . trustee) btatealeut vihicti btiAtt.''..l ..„ ,

===== 0002601_18940428_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
.

..15111

I appeared to him (Mr. Voisey) that Farrell, the bank- rupt had been a mere fool in the hands of the solicitors who financed him through all his building transactions. lie kept no accounts and was quite unable to keep any, but trusted entirely to these solicitors for keeping all necessary accounts, and it had been his (the trustee's) opinion that be had all along signed without much, if any, inquiry, whatever, any deeds on papers these people have submitted for his signature. After his first assurance he was absolutely ignorant up to the date of Ws bankruptcy of being in any way connected as owner with the Farnworth property, and he (Mr. Voisey) never expected to find him able to give him any information whatever of how the purchase price for it was made up. The fact was he found the bankrupt's mind an utter blank upon it. The solicitors concerned, were at one time, Woodcock and Kirby, and after that firni'.4 dissolution, then either one or the other of them separately. Kirby (who afterwards became a c aiviet• prisoner) he (Mr. Voisey) questioned alaout the Fartiworth property, but the only replies he got w,r. that he knew nothing whatever of the transactions as to the property. The whereabouts of the other eentleman,'Woodcock, he had always been gives to understand was out of England. The trustee con- cluded 1-,y stating that in his opinion the bankrupt's ti -ables all earns about through his own simplicity of charact-r ; that he [146 had no guilty intent, and had received no benefit whatevLr from his building opera- tions beyond bare subsistence.

Mr. Linker, solicitor. Runcorn, • and Mr. Tucker, ono of the bankrupt's debtors, supported the applicatien for toe iiiseliaree of the bankrupt. 'His H-onour said there was no disputing the fact that the bankrupt had committed certain offences whichtwere of a grave nature. He had failed to keep proper ac- counts, and justices of eminence bad expressed the opin- ion, and he had the same opinion regarding it, that if people kept their proper bocls of accounts they would readily know when they were going wrong, and would cease to bring distress and ruin upon other people in being unable to meet their creditors. It was a serious tillence when a man went on trading when he knew, or should know, that he was insolvent. If he had kept proper hooks he would have very soon founci out that he was going .wrong, and when be had made that ditcovery he would have been able to pull up and-so prevented from bringing distress on other people. It appeared that the bankrupt had speculated. That was another offence he had cemmitted. He really began husiness without any capital whatever, and when a man commenced building without capital it meant that everything was done by borrowed money. He trusted to chance of circumstances to bring him safely through it. If it Jaded he became a bankrupt, if it succeeded he paid his creditors. The bankrupt had been made a tool, 14) some' extent, by Messrs. Woodcock and Kirby who have since been struck off the rolls. They made him file his petition in bankruptcy. He trusted to these men alt the way through and he was in their hands. There was this to be stated that Messrs. Woodcock and Kirby were not responsible in the first instance for the bank- rupt beginning without capital, and this speculation which he did carry on. The only part they played was that they financed him, and he must have known that be had no money of his own. Wits regard to the I).:z.itdous specWation cf the purchase of the Farnworth property, the ankrupt was not free from blame. He • could only regard him as one of those speculative builders who imperil all who do business with them. He there- fore thought that he ought not to discharge the bankrupt at once. He would suspend him for two years. Had it n•t been for the extenuating circumstances of the Case he would have adjourned it for fire years.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN TONIC SOL FA CLASSES,

ANNUM. DISTRIBUTION OF CERTIFICATES, The annual ceremony of distributing the certifi- dfues to the successful students of the Rnacorn Tonic Sol Pa classe., which have been conducted for so many years with such singular success by Mr John liolford, L.T.S.C., took place on Monday evening in the Public Hall, Runcorn, when the poplar historical cantata" Magna Charta "was ad- mirably performed by a band and chorus, numbering 18.0 members,. There was a fairly large attendance 'though, perhaps, not so numerous as the event merited. The charecters, represented in the cantata were " Jus- tice," (reesontetecl) MiSS K. Edwards, soprano; " King ,intiti" Mr. Charles Leatilwood, bass ; and" Stephen Lengton," Mr. E. IVorrall. tenor; all of whom are members of the classes. With regard to the various perfortnaecee of the principals none but remarks of praise cite he ma Te. Miss Edwards, as "Justice," sang Nktti much pathetic feeling ; Mr: Charles Leathwood, in his representation of " King John," was very powerful and exp.tessive ; whilst Mr. E. Worrell made an ideal .• Stephen Laevon." Concerning the chorus, everyone who ita4 ncen fortunate enough to hear the singing of this combivation, must have ' been very favourably impressed. It may therefore suffice to say that as en previous occasions they sustained their respective parts in the most corn- , mendable manner, and received many expressions of , enthusiastic approval from the audience. The entertain- ment on the whole reflects great credit upon the way in which the students have been trained by Mr. Hoiford. At , the interval Mr. Holford expressed the great pleasure they all felt in having the presence of Mr. E. Tizley there that evening for the purpose of distributing , h., certificates. They considered thetnseives very highly tAvoured in having a gentleman like Mr. Tizley amongst them, occupying., as he did, the distinguished position of Chairman of the Manchester District Tonic Sol Fa Council. lie hoped Mr. Tizley would take back with him to Manchester a good impression of what he had heard in Ituncons. (Applause.) Mr. Tizley said that when Mr. Holford asked him to Wale to Runcorn for the purpose of distributing the , certificates he very gladly consented, because he had ! warmly sympathised with Mr. Holford in the good nth in which he was engaged, and which be believed, %yes being conducted on the right lines. So far, he was very pleased with tee choir, and he appealed to those ' musicians in the andience as to whether the perform- . %nee that evening was not distinctly creditable to the class, itonsiderine the extreme youth of some of the mtanta rs. He considered that the class, as an elemen- tary one, was di•tinctly above the average, which was extremely creditable to Mr. Holford. (Applause.) He went on to speak at considerable length on the progress which the art of music had made within the past twenty years, more especially amongst the working classes ; end also of the difference between the'staff notation anti the Tonic Sol Fa. For many years he had himself been a confirmed Solfaist, inasmuch as it gave clearer insight into music than he bad ever bad before he te came acquainted with it. He could not say that the Tonic was superior in every respect, but it was in many ways that the knowledge of the one en- abled them the better to understand the other. He also advised the I-moral-tea to learn the staff notation. When Mr. riolfero's choir visited Manchester to take part in the competition fe* expected them to get the third prize. Himself and the composer however, knew what the sight !,-st was, and when he was told that they had secured inter:mediate certificates, he predicted that they would win. (Applause.) In conclusien he advised the memeere to work for certificates, aud appealed to the people a Itunurn to suppers the classes in the way they de.seryel. Mr. Belford had worked for the classes for many years out of pure love. an I the undertering should not suffer for want. of encouragement. (Applause.) He then proceeded to distribute the certificates gained during the session 1833-4 as foitows :—Junior : Seth Guy, Elizabeth F. Hill, Pay Moores. Elizabeth H. Holford, John Cooke, Albert Ball. Bernet' Becley, Margaret Harrison, Harry Cotterall, Jab. z H. Uasworth, John Cotterall, Edwin G. Holden, Anabella McLeod, Christina McLoed, Nellie Temperley, Matgaret Uneworth, Ada Lewis, Annie Jones, G. A. G mei May Iteherts. Elementary : C. H. Johnson, E•iz voet h Turnbull, Time. J. Grounds, Clara H. Casely, tieriiert Tiuner. David Coventry, Ellen W. Prichard, /One Wats ii, Nellie McDonald, George H. Marsh, Geo. a. Kirkham. Peter Marsh, Mary E. Marsh, Peter Watson, William Tetl., John Moores, May E. Leathwood,Frances M. Sprostoti, liday Weave, Gertrude Atherton, Frank Wateon. Msroaret Ilarrisen, Frances A. Lewis, M. A. Aston, Mary F. Dodd, Seth Guy, John Cooke, Florence Whitney, Nia,alia Barnes, Jabez H. Unsworth, Elizabeth 11. Heliord. E eereentary Theory : Frederick Barker, John COr?l''', lia.inah Meores, William Prichard, Jas. L. avitienztoe, E. Carr, Bessie Elitchmough, Gert- rude Stobb:, Edward 11. Kniveton. Intermediate : Withint, Pcieitard, William E. Carr, Hannah Moores, Ttmtpia,l I.Z. iVelliterton, Gertrude Stubbs, John Owen, ghee N -wee, nederick ilirker, James L. Withing- ti, E. ii, Kaiveton. Staff Notation, First Grade: Ei ald AVOrial

The er;terza:inine,rir then dontinued. Mr. F. R. Yar- -97: ta, hwich !Hi the orchestra consisting of the t ks :—First i.lns, lietsrs. W. B. Kay and Horace trytley ; second vidlicis, Misa Smith, Messrs. Diteb- add U. Frith ; viola, Mr. Scbolefield (Hudders- -11 ), vi.,1,mee71., Mr. W. Simkin ; double bass, Messrs. W. y td Arthur Dutton ; flute, Messrs. E. Yard vv.c.,,-1 (N.iruiwich). and W. Craddock. Mr. W. coolie presided at the organ with his usual ability.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
F 1 : ODS HAM.

M NEMO IIF TEE PRIMROSE LRAM:M.—This pre/it t .k n,i Fr.dly evening in the Town Ball, T,e• stve.nent of a.!cnunts showed that the r tb•-• ve.ir bad been £63 19s. and expenses '7:31 3• 2 i-.9l,snee of 423 93. 101. Mr. James Ito., I, 1.,: \vac .f• 1,i,te.1 ruling conneillor ; Mr. Thomas, ; 4,14 Ast‘toit, hon. secretary. The war- -0,1 ..Ti•i (v)nocil selected were :—Colonel Ash tO. M'iaie. Jamei Revnolds, A. Thomas, Steele, Murr4y, IViAte, (14rratt, and Occleston ; Misses Wri.2l)!. E. P. Wright, Llycock and Davies; Messrs. R. Wats, n, U. Lowe, A. Brody, and S. Davies.

-..- SUTTON.

Vrts I:ATtso OF Tllil Towssarr.—MeFErs. A. Thomas, 8. layinr, and F. J. Nnrtaan, magistratee at the Runcorn Petty S:t4sinns zol Moa Jay, attached their signitures to tne flew per,r r P for 'I,P t.r.vnphip, of ls, ld. la the 26 cuLtcd re.e.ize 23D9 7s. Oa.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0074.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
;1'; 4.• • -

•

===== 0002601_18940428_art0075.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
BE=

===== 0002601_18940428_art0076.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
:"

===== 0002601_18940428_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
WIANS'

QUININE BITTERS.

OWILYM

EVANS'

QUININE BITTERS.

GI WILYM

EVANS'

QUININE BITTERS.

awrLym

EVANS'

QUININE BITTERS.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

ASSAULT CASES.

Daniel Jones, 99 Sharpe-st., was charged at the War- rington Borough Court on Friday, with assaulting and beating Mary Ellen Roe, Battersby-lane. nu March 30. Mr. W. J. Forshaw, who prosecuted, raid that the com- plainant was a chipped potato dealer in Batterdiy-lane, and on Friday, March 30, the defendant's wife' wa, sit- ting with the complainant in her house when the di fendant came walking in, and made a foul imputation against the complainant's father. William .Miller. , Mrs. Roe ordered 'dm out, but he struck her several vio!ent blows in the face and stomach, before he w.nt. mit. HP had since offered to pay the expenses of the ewe and apologisc, but as he ham not done so. the case had been proceeded with.—After evidence by Mr.s. Roe, and Wm; Miller, the defendant wlto did Kot appear at the eequt. was fined 203. and costs or a month's hard labor, and also ordered to par the adroc4u's fee. —Tliem win- dells, 24.6 W in .a ick-road, va.4 8 neci 104. e,)!..t for assaultimt and t,ating Mary 6ral nm.. 45. W..rUutTfon- Illt., on April 14. UNREWSTERED LODGlfili-HeM,E KE/FEES

Jeremiah Silo: r ,ek4, Ship-yard, ,a'atz ForTonorte.: at the Warrington P.,ipiiph Court, on leliciay, charged xvi:.i* keeping lodat cs ;it 9, and 11, Ship-% aid, uirLotit ef•tz registered f;,.. a I,,dping-house kt•t-t or. no Apr,l 15 Inspector P,vvo-ll saio that he weht in e..nlp•ir) vet,, 1%12. Rylatt on Sunday morni, to Ship-yard. 11.• f.a,1,-,,1 at, 9, Ship-yard, eight persons lodging and at 11, Ship-yar d. five.—lkspector Norman said that the defendant had been summoned six times previously for offences in sottnection with lodging-houses, and had been ordered by the magistrates not to keep one in con- sequence. He was utterly unfit to have a lodging-house. —The magistrates fined the defendant 103. and costs .or 14 days for each case.—William Binger, Talbot-vard, was fined sa. and costs for committing a similar offfence en April 15. The defendant pleaded -ignorance of the law.

THE 'Bus COMPANY AND THEIR HORSES,

John Johnson, 'bus driver, Patrick Clarke, horse- keeper, and James Kendrick, manager for the Warring- ton Carriage Company were summoned at the Warrington Borough Court on Friday, the former ith we: king, and the two latter with causing a horse to he worked while in an unfit state on April 9.—lnspector Luff said that at 3.45 p.m. on April 9th, he was in Bridge-st. and saw Johns6,n driving a brown mare attached to a 'bus. He noticed that the mare was lame in the off fore leg, and. also that Johnson had been summoned for the same horse that very morning. Witness stopped the mare and ex- amined her and found that her feet were very hot and tender. he was taken to th 3 yard and he then dis- covered that Claike had sent it out. Ch rke asked him to look over it that time. He also discovered that Mr. Kendrick knew that the mare had been out He had 'a veterinary surgeon to examine the horse.—John Dixon, veterinary surgeon, said that he examined the Imre the same day complained of. Her foot was hot and tender. He pressed his knife a little too far, and she flinched very much.—The defendants denied that the mare was unfit for work, ard Kendrick said that if the mare was stopped, they might stop 99 out ot every NO horses in England.—A witness named Nelson said that the horse had a corn but the slice was made to ease it. It only limped slightly.—The magistrates decided to, di.naisi the case against Johnson, to fine Clarke in the costs, and to, Sue Kendrick 40s. and costs. "A LITTLE DEMON."

At the Borough Court on Saturday before Mr. J. Burgess and Mr. J. Geddes, John Connolly was charged with being drunk and disorderly and also with assaulting P.C. Clough on the previous morning. The officer stated that he found the prisoner drunk in Sankey-street, and took him to Mrs. Lo ker's heuse where he lodged. Mrs. Locker was upstairs At the tima, and while waiting for her to come down, the prisoner picked up a jugtul of milk and threw it at the officer narrowly missing his face.—Tne Chief Constab'e said that although the prisoni.r was so Illet kin the Court he was a little dem-in outside, and deserved a severe punishment.—Prisoncr was sent to gaol for one month.

ALL ABOUT A fl. Mary Mannion, Ireland-street, wa-: summoned at the Warrington Borough Court charged a hen by violently beatint; it on April 8. A man named Bullock said that on the morning, of the above date, he hard one of his hens makuig• a great noise in Mrs. Mannion's yard. He vvent towards the yard, and found Mrs. Mannion beating the hen omi the back with a brush. She knockfd a large number of feathers off the back and said that she would kill every one and himself as well. When the hen came out of the yard, it was in a terrible state, blood corning out of its bill. He sent for Inspector Lila' who advis“..l him to kill the hen out of its misery.—lnspector Luft said that he

examined the hen and found its r),Lck denude-1 if feathers. After it was kWed,lv ixamined the bode and found its back terribly bruised all oven—The defendant denied beating the hen, but _•aid the complainan 's fowls were a nuisance to the neighbourhood, as they were always in other people's yards. She called several witnesses to prove that this was s, and,one of these (Mrs. White) said that she saw a &$.! catch !fold of tn., hen in question on the back and that would no (Whit explain the bruises found upon it.—The bench dis- missed the case,and were also of opinion that complain- ant had no business tr: keep hens which were a nuisance to his neighbours, and they would also advise the neigh- bours to summon him at the County Court if be sub- jected them to any damage. POACIMIS IN TRO LE.

At Daresbury Petty Sessions on '1 uesdav John 4Vard, Latchford, was charged with having been in pursuit of game on Ole 26th March at Grapnenhall, and when Searched by P.C. Millington been found in poggesino„ „f one rabbit and two water hens. John Ashley was charged with aiding and abet'ing.in the offence. De- fendants pleaded gui•:•y. P.C. Millington stated that .at 7.30 on the date rir,m.d. he stopped the defendant Ward in Grappenhall aid iishcd him what he had got in his pocket. The defendant told witness that he would have to swim before he would look in defendant's p,cket.-Wit- .nesssearched him and found a rabbit arid two water hens in his possession. Both the d,fendants asked him to put the game in his pocket and sac nothing anciiit it. Ward also stated that it was Ashley who had got him into trouble. A fine of ss. each was iinposed.—Jatnes tireen, tanner. Latchford was also charged with hiving been find in possession of nets and a ferret b:c, P.C. Mil- lington at Appleton on the 24th March. P.C. Millington said he was in company with Sergeant Gns!ing at Lomb Brook when he stopped the defendant and found the nets and ferret produced upon him. He stated that he had obtained permission from Mr. John Warburton, farmer to shoot over his land, which he (witness) found to be incorrect. Defendant was fined 104.

OBSTRUCTING THE HIGHWAY. Thomas Pil kington con:raetor, Warrington was charged at Daresbury Petty Sessions on Tuesday with having on the 26th March at Appleton obstructed the highway. Mr. A.Browne, solicitor, appeared for the de- fendant. P.C. Millington stated that betwten twelve and one o'clock a.m. on the (jay in question he saw a large truck containing a boiler on the Chester-road, Grappenhall, near to the Dog and Dart Inn. There was nobody in charge and it remained there all night. It took up three parts of the road and was very dangerous. Mr. Browne said the detondant Mr. Pilkington had un- dertaken to remove a Oiler from Wilmslow to Preston Brook. He commenced on Friday night, but instead of

it taking a few hours to get the boiler loaded it took nineteen hours, and the horses and men had been work- ing 48 hours when they reached Grappenhall. They had still seven or eight miles to do and Mr. Pilkington thought the men had worked long enough. The boiler weighed 21 tons and there being no place to put it, he thought it better to leave it on the road. He left a man named Robert Reytnond t) make arrangements with the police, and he stopped until one o'clock but he was un- able to see the constable. It wm a light night and the boiler could be seen 200 yards away. Ibbert Reymond corroborated Mr. Br() sne's statement, as to being in charge until crie o'ciock and being unah!e to tee *.lic con- stable. The defendant was fined the costs.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
'HY ? WHY? WRY?

Why do you continue to suffer fron Tnd es- tion, nervous diseases, chest affection, l'ver compltints impoverished blood, or a weakened sy -tem which entail ceaseb-as anxieties and often racking pains, when th.re is et hand cheap and effective remedy for these ailments in GWILY3I BS' QUININE BI nuns ?

===== 0002601_18940428_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
WHY?

Why are Gwi'ym Evan's Qninine Bitters so universally recommended. an the demand ror them increasin? with such unparallelled rapidity? Simply becatre experierlce proves them to be

THE BEST REMEDY OF TIM. AGE." •

WHY ?

NVlic' are the Quinine Bit ters e,n,i,lPred oThe Perfection of Medicinal Preparations i"

BECAUSE. BECAUSE,

I. They sre IT.NTIRRLY VEGETABLE, and con- tain neither iron nor mercury.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
BECAUSE

2.—They form a happy combination of medi- cines hitherto not successfully dispensed In- deed. the proportions of each ingredie t, must be measured with mathematical accuracy in the manufacture to secure the most effective application at the special virtues of each. The successful combination of these virtues was an invaluable discovery.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
BEC2II7SE

3.—The Quinine 'Bitters enjoy the eonfidenee of the leading medic:ll men in all districts in which they have had a fair and continued trial. They are safeand certain.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
BECAUSE

4.—They are Ruperior to any other kind ol Bitters prepared. All who buy them soy so.

QUININE .nITTEIIS

MANUFACTURING COMPANY.

LIMITED. LLANBLLY. SOUTH WALUS

PRICES :Bottles nt 23. 91. and 43. 6L ; may be had from all Chemists, or post tree dire 6 from the proprietors—

===== 0002601_18940428_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUtill POLICE COURT.

FElDAY.—Before Alderman Harrison hairman), 'Alder- man Wright. and Mr. J. W. li.lyward. SCENE AT THE ROYAL COVILT THEATRE —Michael Grant 2, Robinson's-yard, was charged wdh tieing drunk tal disorderly in Rylands-street, cn Thursday night, and also with assaulting P.C. 11i,... worth at the same tune and place. P.C. Hollingsvottli said that he was in the Royal Court Theatre cn the previous night in plain clothes. The defendant and another man came into Vie theatre and commenced creating, a disturbance. 'lto ticket collector aFk-4-1 him (Willing worth) to speak to the two persons, and lie had to ujeet them. The other man was eject.cl first, hot when he tried to tie( t the Prisoner, a scuffle took place, the prisaner kick;n:z, strik- ing and biting at ,witness. He had to be held on the ground until assistance could he obtained. Inspector Bowen at length came up, and the prisoner was taken Cif the police-station. strug,glina all the way. The ptisoner was fined 10s. and costs or 14 days' imprisonment. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—For this offence, Mary Keefe, last from Bolton, was sent to the Workhouse. MONDAY.—Before Mr. F. Moriki (chairman), Alderman Francomb, Alchrman Harrison, Mr. S. Wriolit. DRUNKENNESS.—For this offence, Martin Ward, 42, Foundry-street, was fined ss. ; William Holden, Friars Green, ss. and costs; Bridget Costello, 5, Ship Yard, 5;.

DESERTER.—WiIIiam Dean, last from Plymouth, was remanded to Strangeways Gaol to await_ escort for deserting from H.M. Second Bedfordshire Regiment, stationed at Plymouth since October. P.C. Millington vvos recommended to receive usual reward for the cap- ture.—Thomas Gidnev was .also remanded to Strange- ways for deserting -from Ti .M. Gordon Highlanders, stationed in Dublin at tho 2001 inst. P.S. Cheeney received the usual reward. _

OBSTRUCTION BY BE I{:t BAR oats.—George Lunt. Theatre Tavern, was charged with ohstrunting the free passage of Scntland-road, on April 12, by leaving 12 barrels of beer on the foot way. P.C. Rowbettom said that the 12 barrels were to his knowledge twos' the foot- path from 1250 to 2.30 p.m. upon the date in question. —The defendant said that the barrels had come by rail, and had come aft a very inconvenient time when tm.ii could not be obtained to rmnove them.—Mr. Hunt said that Walker's Company were very rarely to blame for obstruction,but still the publiu must be protected.—Th2 magistrates fined defendant in the costs and said that they hoped it would not happen azain. TUESDAY.—Before Mr. E. J. Guest (chairman), and Dr. Starkey Smith. _ .

DESERTER.—WiIIiam Davenport was remanded to Strangeways Gaol to await escort on the charge of deserting from H. M. First Liverpool Regiment, stationed ia Halifax, Nova `Scotia, since September. SCHOOL CASES.—Mr. George Iti!ey prosecuted in the following school cases :—Thomas Deninaid, forgeinan, Winwiek-road, 2s. 6d. ' • James Melton, painter, 55.; Thomas Moody,.forgeman, Pierpoint-st., 2s. 61. ; IVilliani Oakes, carter, Dial-st., 2s. ; Jane Wiglev, laundress, Portland-at., 2,. 6 1. ; David Armitage, b!at....k- smith, Chester-st., 24. 6.1. ; James Graham, foreman, Winwick-road, le.; Matthew Carley, 24. 6 1.; and girt ordered to attend King-Areet,sclriol. . WEDNESDAY.—Before Messrs. John Fairclough (chair- man) J. Geddes, and J. H, Fleming. A SOLDIER IN TUOUBLE.—Wm. Carter, a Soldier, at Orient Barracks, was charged with stealing a purse, containing 25., the property of Thomas Might, a soldier to the same regiment, on 'Monday afternoon. The de- fendant and others on Monday afternoon, were engaeeti it: it.,„.tilating their kit, and a purse fell out of the pocket of Wright's trousers. It was allowed to retrain on the ground for a few minutes, and it was thep missed, and the defendant had also gore out of the room. The purse was found soon afterwards minus the 2s. The defendant was then asked if lie kaew anything anart it, and he said that he had taken it, hut if they would give him time, he would give it hack again, The commanding officer getting to know of the circumstances of the case, he ordered the detendat,t to be handed -.ver t* the civil authorities. Mr. Fairciongli said that the magistrates did not w;.sh to send the defendant to prison as it was his first offence. slid they would discharge him, but would record a conviction against him. DISERIER.—Ja.mes Jones was remandei to Strange. ways gaol, to await escort for cleAercind from the Prince Consort's Own Riles, stationed at Winchester. in 1885. P.S. Chantler proved the case.

THCRSDAY.—Before Mr. S. Chandley (chairman), and

Alderman Sutton:

Demotic IN CHARGE OF' A flousE.—Charles Jones was fined 10s. for being isrui.k hi charge of a horse in the Market Place on Wednesday afternoon.—P.C. Bell proved the case. ,

===== 0002601_18940428_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
DARESBURY I.EFTY

TUESDXY.—Before. Mr. El. Nield (chairman), and Alder- man Greenall (Mayor of Warrington).

DELCINK AND DISORDERLY.—Joseph Goods and Robert Forshaw, bo:linen, were cliar4.zed with being drunk and disorderly at Moore on the 14 April.—Mr. Jones, land- lord of the Red Lion Inn, Moore, stated that he refused to serve the two defendants as they were drunk, and Goods then used abusive language. Goods was tined 10s. and Forshaw, 54. A SLEEPY* Datvcit —George Monks, a driver in the employ of Messrs. Gfeensll Wilitley and Co. was chiirgeit with being asleep vhil-t in clarze of a horse and dray ore the 28th March at Moore. De•tendant pleaded guilty. fie was tined 7s. 6.1. including costs.

ILLTHEATING A Mut.E.—William Tvrigg, boat.nan, Runcorn, was charged with ilitreating and abusing a mule by beatinif it with a it.ck on the 21st March t Grappenhall. P.C. Brew stated that at 8 p.m., on tic date named when near the canal bridge at Grappenhall he heard the defendant! humping a intdeacros!i the back with a stick. He 11;..0.0 it w-out. 3)) yards aw,ay-. Ttif defendant wag in charge of t mules which were at• tached to a boat. He Wei t to the defendant ant asked him what he had I,een it to one tihe animals, and he replied Oat he had been' lit ing t a lit." A tine of ss. and costs was imposed. AN UNLICENSPID Di a —l,:tac Wilkinson, Antrnbus, was fined 7s. 6d. GOA) for ker p ag a dog with.,ut a licence on the 3rd Marcl..

WITLIOUT A GUN LICESSE.—EO9taCe John Shepheia, Stockton Heath. empi ned im the Ship Canal, was , charged with having on tie 40 March at Moore carried a gun withoLt k.aving 4 go,ii lii!euce. He pleadril gunti7. Mr. John Moore, siqwrinzeritient of Inland Revenue, Chester, stated that t iedetendant was liable to a, penalty of RN. He w,is Seelt hy the police 00 the Snip Canal, and was carrying a gun for which /43 had taken out no. license. P.C. Shet well htalfd that he un t the defend- ant on the Shin Canal, Itto,s Sitles_Moore, nflSOndav morning the 4t iii March. He vras carrying a giiri,and when wired if i.e hail a lianse, he siud be had not oh- tained one. Ile (witness) had ieceived complaints ab the defecdant carrying ,a gun two months previously. The magistrates lined Mt! defeodant 20s. and costs.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
11UNCO'fIN l'ErfY SESSIONS.

MONDAY.—Befi•re Messrs. A. Thomas (in the chair), S Taylor, aml F.. 1. Norm4n.

LICENSE TRP_NSVettts.--Tio- Ina gistritei uranted the fol- lowing temporan, tisitsfers of iict-n•.:4 :—From Thomas Moores to Petri- Dariinl:ton, Vine Inn. Lowl inds-road ; from Shtnnel Davies to Andrew Walker, G.-orize Inn, Pote-larw; from Andrew Ni-41kor to 'William Drpro:w, Queen's Head, High-sr.

APPLICATION IRV TIIK VCBLIC HALL ComPANT.—An ap- plication was made by 5,1 r A. ti.ikeld tot the Bench to fix the date of hearing a rcquvst to grant a license to the Public Hall Company for the pc,rformance of stage plays. —The date fixed open was the 7th May. DISTURBED IN Trxe.—Vi illiam H. Cotton was charged with stealing one basket, 61.». of beef, V.. of tea,, of sugar, and on tea eau;ster to the t.tal value. of 5-i. Bi. the property of Iticuard %%alker.—Prosecutor: who stated that he was the captain of two canal boats named " Don" and `• 11+e," theo at liuncorn, went on to say that he left the doors of the cabins of both boats secure on the 29th April. At ten o'clock that ?whiny, when returning to the boats Iv. saw the prisoner coming down some planks from the direction of the " Don " and " Dee." On reachirg the boats he found that one of the cabins had been broken int and the articles named above ready for removal. tie at once communicated the fact to the police.—ltimpector Cooper deposed to apprehend- ing Cotton at one Welock on the previous Friday morn- 20s. or an alternative of fourteen days' imprisonmesit.

CONTRAVENTION OF THF. PCRLIC HEALTH Act.—Michael •Phillips, Mersey-5,., was ct,arued with a contravention of the Public Health Act, 1375, Ity keeping a common Fidging-hotoe not register,' accoraing to the rf vire- merits °alio above Act on the 14th April.—Dtfesidatit pleaded guiltv.— Mr. F. A. L who prosecuted on be- half of the Ca;mtni,sioners, wild that thQ defendant had recently kept a regb.b..red house for the reception of nightly lodger:4 but left Moir and rent to one which ~va4 not registered. Tbe defendant had given the authori- ties considera.bl, trouble, tavi, been convicted for various breaches of the Act. For the present offence he was liable to a line of £s.—Serwe,, sit Woolley testified to visiting the lionew kept by the detendant Mersey-st. on the night the 14th A prll and upon exatnin3ri.,ii found two nightly Iraiip,rs, a teafe and a .female.—When Phillips waq questioned he rei•lied t hat he did not require a license.—Mr. Lake informed the Bench that the de- fendant had been fined once in 1886, twice in 1889, once in 1892 and again in 1893: alt being for breaches of the Public Health Act.—A tine of 204. and costs was imposed or one month's imprisonment, GRAVE CHARGES AGAINST A FATHER, MOTHER, AND Deroirnin.—Eliz bet is Uteri:, Charles abd Catherine

WEEKLY Rl4:PoltT ON THE HEALTti OF WARRINGTON.

IV eok ending 14th April, 1894.

During the week, which was the 15th of the current p•ar, the following births and deaths were regirtered Births. Doaths. Wm•rington Latehtord 3 2

Total 49

The excess of births over deaths was E 7. The death- rate front all cues was equal to 20.4 per 1,000, against 19 7 the averae of the previous four weeks, and against 16 the corr,-.l)nning week of last year. The death- ta'e trnm the seven chief zytnotic diseases was equal to 21 per 1.000, against 5-2 the average rate of the four previrms weeks, and against 1.13 the corresponding week ot 1893. The a,zeit of mortality were—

0-1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-60 60 up. 8 4 1 •- 4 3 20 - 1 - - 1 - 2

The deaths included-2 from whooping cough, 1 from scarlet fever, 1 from cativer, 1 from parturition, 3 from old s, 2 from brain disease, 4 from lung disease. The following cases of infectious dissase have been reported during the week :—Erysipelas 1 case, scarlvt fever 9 cases. ' Patients in hospital 14th April, 41.

METEooor.oer.—The mean teniperature was 52-5 Fah. ante tlit•renve 3-1 dew. higher than the preceding week. The maximilin temperature 72F., was recorded on the 1211 inst., and the minimum temperature 3Q F., on the 14P,11 inst. • _

_ The rlinfail metired •13 inch. The general direction wRs SE., the re,tding of the Anemometer denoting 936 miles. _

JOUR H. GORNALL. Medical Officer of Health.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, APRIL 28, 1894.

Osborne. of Ibbert-sereet, Halton-road, were charged with stealing 2 curry combs and two brushes valued ss. 3d. from the shop of Mr. Charles Dobson general dealer, Bridge-street, Runcorn, on or about the 13th of April, and further with receiving the same well knowing them to have been stolen.--A second charge was brought against the two female prisoners with stealing two brushes, and eight pairs of laces value 3s. 7d. on or about the 130 April from the shop of Mary Meadow- croft, Of 18. Church-street; and a third charge against Elizabeth Beers of stealing a velvet skirt value 54. the property of Jane Sole, 50,Regent-straet, in the month Of February last.—The prisoners who were represented by Mr. Joseph Burton, solicitor, pleaded " not guilty " to all charges.—Evidence of identification was given by the various supposed owners of the alleged stolen property after which Stirgeant Lea and P.C. Gregory testified to searching the house occupied by the prisoners in Robert- street, Halton-road, and to finding all the artieles secreted in diffesent parts of, the dwelling. When they qu, stioned Mrs. Osborne she replied that she had loinight three of the brushes, and the two curry combs in Manchester, but the other brush was given her by Mesqrs. Simpson and Davies for the purpose of tarring their e.u.al boat.. With regard to the skirt, Sergeant. Lea said t le+, when Beers Was apprehended she replied to the ch. ree that her mother had bought her the skirt at Shoop till Market, Manchester.—James Higgins, 'foreman in Messrs. Simpon and Davies' employ, de- posed to Mr. and Mrs. Osborne being employed by his finn on t.o ioats called "and " Midas.' It It WAS customary for these boat people to apply for gas-tar brushes when the boats required painting. He had given the prisoners an order for a gas-tar brush similar to that which they were charged with stealing. He could not however say how long ago the order was granted.—P.C. Gregory said that when be apprehended the male prisoner the latter said the articles were pur- chased by his wife in Manchester.—Mr. Burton in defending first submitted that no evidence had been adduci dto show that Charles Osborne was guilty. He therefore asked the Bench to discharge hitn.—The magistrates after some consideration arrived at the same conclusion and the male prisoner was accordingly discharged —Mr. Burton continuing his defence re- marked that the girl Beers was married but living apart from her husband. She had pleaded not guilty to the charges preferred against her concerning Mrs. Osborne she anti her husband had been in the employ of Messrs. Simpson and Davies for fifteen years and were honest anti hardworking. people. It was quite a common practice for fplks to go to Manchester and purchase such articles at the various markets at a cheap rate. There had never been any conviction against the mother and if the magistrates thought her guilty of the charges he hoped they would deal with her under the "First Offenders' Act."—Elizabeth Beers was committed to prison for twenty one days in each of the three cases, and the mother fined 104. in both cases..

DISORDERLY TlPSTERS.—Martaret Connolly and James Rob•nson were lined 54., and Ss. and costs respectively for being drunk and dis,)rderly. TIIE EuccATIoN AcT.—For breaches of this Act by not sending his two children regularly to school, Joseph Basnett, boatman, of Stone-street, was fined 6d. and 4s. 6d. costs in each case.

WIDNES POLICE COURT.

immediately by their opponents, who throughout the game had the best of the play. At different intervals the visitors made themselves very dangerous, and gave the Birkenhead men plenty of work. Their exertions only gained for them three minors, however, whilst the end of the play saw the homesters with a score of one goal, two tries.and two minors. ST. HELENS RECREATION V.ROCIMALE ST.CLEMENT'S.— This match was brought off at Rochdale in brilliant weather' Liddon kicking off for the Recs., who were short of four of their team, it being made up of second team nen. The forwards on both sides played strongly until Rochdale, through the aid of L. Rigg got near to the Recs.' lines. Tight scrimpaging ensued until Lid- don kicked well, it being returned by Hill. Trainer missed to catch,the ball going to touch,and a scrimmage was formed at the 25 flag, Crossley once more showing himself to advantage by taking from Rochdale's toes and kicking well down the field, but de as they could Rochdale still kept up the pressure, until J. S. Tweedale scored. Hill failed at goal. From the kick off Rochdale once more got near the line, where play raged until Waugh scored. Hill kicked,but failed. Final result : Rochdale St. Clement's 6 points, St. Helens Recreation nil.

RUGBY JUNIOR CUP.-SEMI FINAL. LATCHFORD v. ST. PETER'S.

This match was played on the Warrington ground on Monday night in bad weather. The Saints kicked off, and during the first half the ball cmtinuallv kept going from one goal to another, but nothing was scared before the interval. Ths final score was--Latchford, one try ; St. Peter's nil.

ASSOCIATION. WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT CHALLENGE CUP.-FINAL TIE.

WARRINGTON V. Sr. HELENS LONDON AND NORTE-WES- TERE.—The final tie in the above competition was played off at Dalton Bank. on Saturday between War- rington and St. Helens. The homesters won the toss, and shortly after half-past three, Mr. W. Gill, of Grap- penhall kicked off. Connor scored after 20 minutes' play, amid general enthusiasm. For the remainder of the half St. Helens pressed a good deal, but the bome defence was quite safe. At half-time, the score was Warrington one goal, St. Helens nil. During the second half War- rington had the best of the game. Connor, who plated splendidly, scored two goals, and a third was heaced in by one of the visitor's backs. The other forwards played very fairly, and gave some good exhibitions of pusing. The final score was Warrington four goals, St. Helens nil. The Warrington team scored 18 goals against two during the whole competition. After the match Alderman Francomb, president of the Association presented the Cup and medals to successful players. The following were Saturday's teams :—Warrington : Goal, J. Forrest ; full backs, R. Evans, J. Mather ; half backs. J. Phillips, F. H. Williamson (captain), C. E. Linaker ; forwards, W. Reid, F. E. Norman, E. A. Connor, T. Gor- ton, T. Mather. St. Helens L. and N.W. : Goal, T. I O'Brien ; full backs, J. Moran, W. Chadwick; half backs, J. Taylor, H. Finney, W.. Richards ; forwards, G. Edwards, C. Rigby, J. O'Brien, J. Hodgson, J. Fair- hurst (captain). Referee—Mr. R. E. Lythgoe, Liver- pool and District Association. Neutral linesmen—J. Lewis, Penketh' and W. Harper, Barnton Rovers.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
MONDAY.—Before Councillor W. W. Gossage and Alder-

man Ff. S. limmis.

DRUNKENNESS &c.—For thi.i offence John Johnson of Liverpool, was fined ; John Cooney, West Bank Street, was charged with being drunk and disorderly and with assaut img P.C. Ranist;ttom at Widnes on the 21st inst. The prisoner was tined 53. and costs or seven days im- prisonment for being drunk and disorderly, and 10s. or 14 day's for assault on the police. BEGOING.—Wm. Jones, no fixed abode, was sentenced to seven flays imprisonment for begging on the 22nd inst.

ALLEGED WOUNDING.—EIIen Hunt. of St. Helens, was brought up on remand charged with unlawfully wound- ing a man named Shannon, on the 14th inst, at Widnes. by throwing a saucer at him, inflicting serious wounds. The prisoner was again remanded to Thursday. SLEEPING 0111%—l'a trick Riley was charged with sleep- ing in a chemical works at Widnes on the 22nd inst. It being found that he had absconded from the Workhouse the case was dismissed on his promising to return there. THEFTS OF COAL.—Wm. Jones, 2 Ann-street, East, was charged with stealing about lfcwt of coal, the pro- perty of Richard Evans and Co., Limited. Mr. Knowles appeared for the defendant who was employed as care- taker of Messrs. Evans's coal yard, at Widnes, and lived in a cottae on the premises. A's there had been frequent complaints of coal having been stolen, the police were informeel, and on Saturday morning about six o'clock, the prisoner was seen to take a barrow load of coal and put it in a neighbour's.house. Prisoner pleaded guilty and was lined 40s. or in default one month's imprison- ment.—Edward Fay. aged 13, of 82, Dock-street, was charged with stealing a small quantity of coal from West Bank Dock, Widnes. The prisoner was seen coin- inzt from the ,direction of the dock carrying the coal. The Beneli said they would deal with prisoner under the Pint Offenders Act and he would be discharged on a surety nf LS t‘eing, found that he would come up if called upon. GOT THE BENEFIT OF THE DOlTET.—George Hanson, of Wigan, was charged with having been drunk whilst lin charge of a horse and lurry, at Widnes, on the 20th inst. Mr. Knowles defended. From the evidence of the police it appears that the horse and luny were found without a driver, and taken to the Police Station where defendant came in search of it whilst in a drunken state. For the defence several witnesses were call?d to prove that the defendant was not drunk and that the horse started off whilst he was in a shop attending to orders. As there was' a certain amount of doubt about the case, the magistrates said they would give defendant the benefit of the doubt and dismiss the case.

FRODSHAM .PETTY SESSIONS.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
WEDNESDAY.—Before _Messrs. C. Reynolds and A.

Thomas.

'TEMPORARY AUTHORITY.—The magistrates granted an application by Mr. A. Lmaker,solicitor, on behalf of Mr. James Marsh, of Runcorn, to sell at the Volunteer Inn, Frodsham, until next trausfer day.—The police entered no objection, admitting that the character of the appli- cant was 'very eood." ALLEGED aiMAGE TO A FENCE.—A DISPUTED RIGHT OF War.—James Hague was summoned by Mary Holland for doing datnaue to the extent of 63. to a fence adjoin- int; her houi,e at Frocisham Lord=llio on the 7th April.— Prosecutrix Etated that I!te fehee was a " quick set " one, and the defendant,' in order to gain access to an ott leinse at th- baek ~f the eorrage had broken the [erica- down. S e adrii,t'ed that, the defendant was per- mitted to use toe rail bilikline. hut he had no right to enter it by breaking t9rou.:ll her tence.—Defendant pkaded that hr had a right to rail a • the 'outer building ieertreined, wad al:o to approaet: tin the manner he had already 11,.m.. The pro,e -11trix by planting her hedge had r:b:trtiored his rklit if way.—lt was ultim- ately decided t.: adjourn the hearing of the case in order" that the landlord of the property might be present and define the tiorindaries of the respective tenants. ANOTHER FENCE PREAKRII.—John Corker was fined ineluding co:ts or terirteen days hard labour for , having broken a "quick set" fence en land in the occu- pation of Mrs. Tickle, of Frodsham Lordship.—P.C. Davies asserted that he saw the defendant at noon on the 4th in:t. delitierAt-R' enter a field belonging to Mrs. Tiiiklo at Frodslia in Lordship and cut two pegs. Nitw HATE inagiiitrutes granted the levying of a rate or 1.. id. irr the R., for the township of Newton-by- Fred:ha .ffirk is ea lettlated to realize £7l Bs. NON-PAYMF.NT OF RATics.—Eleven persons were sum- moned for t tiis, default. In sine cases settlements were Aft cred, whilst in others the Bench made orders for spaiedy pa' merit:a.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
MEXICAN CURB.

VtiOWN AS lIEV. JOSEPH HOLMES' MEXI- QAN Pres .rietien, is the only guaranteed Remedy for W.i/Chose who suffer tr.lin the errors of youth, nervous weakness. exh lusted vitality. kidney. bladder, gravel, prost- ate and kindred complai, ts. and has stood the test for 20 years. Send i selt-addre.sed stAmped envelope to JOSEPH Ilut,NtEs' Remedy Co.. 11l ("Inistitiry Mansions, Bloomsbury Squsre. Lund ii,and get fun particulars of this greet Remedy tree of charge.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL.

'V Secretaries of Football Clubs are requested to note the reports matches played on Saturday must be sent to the head office, BewseT-street, Warrington, not letee than ten n'olook on Wednesday morning.

GEORGE G. AUSSEY and Co. are leading makers of Footballs, Hockey. Golt, nci requisites for Sports. Games, and Gymnasia. Catalogue may be had on application to the Sports Manufactory, Peckham, London, S.B. BEST <CM BRAND.

' RUGBY. WARRINGTON v. BROUGHTON RANGERS.

The home premier team were down in their list of fixtures to meet the Messley Club on Saturday, but as this organization recently became disbanded, the engage- ment could not be-fulfilled. So Warrington met instead, Broughton Rangers, who were disappointed in an en- gagement themselves. with Halifax, who had to go and take part in the Yorkshire Cup Final. The proceeds of the" gate" at Wilderspool were set apart for the assist- ance of the Borough Band, who have generously given their services at each match played at home during the season, and thus supplied a pleasant adjunct to the game. Unfortunately the "gate" was not so large as usual. The Rangers were well represented, but War- rington lacked the services of Heesom, Jclley, Thorniley and Nevins. The teams were of the following com- position :

Warrington : Boscow, back; Carey, Potts, Evans and Massey, three-quarters; James Bate and John Bate (cap- tain), half-backs; Fair. Turner, Taylor, Dakin, Buckley, Berry, Holmes. Bailey and Houghton, forwards. Brough- ton Rangers: Todd, back; Taylor, Whitehead, Chapman and Garrity, three-quarters; Thompson and Hosker, half backs; Medley, Oman, Grier, Shepherd, Nowell, Shaw, Arrowsmitb, and Sanderson, forwards. Referee, Mr. E. Flowers.

Chapman kicked off towards the pavilion goal, with a slight breeze at his back. A mull let in the Rangers at the onset, and though Potts, James Bate, and Carey cleared the Broughton men out for a while, judicious kicking by Chapman and Whitehead once more renewed the attack. A neat display of passing by the Rangers' backs saw Garrity improve his side's position, and though Boscow partially stayed a rush headed by Med- ley and Skidmore. James Bate gained capital relief with ' a tall kick, which Evans and Potts spoiled, Whitehead returning. Taylor, however, gave the visitors again the advantage, and following a round of passing started by Hosker, Chapman dropped a goal in smart fashion. Fol- lowing the re-start the locals ncw took up the aggres- sive, and should have scored in the first nsinule had care only been exercised. As it was, Whitehead intercepted a wild pass, and sharp cross dribbling by Medley, Shep- herd, and Oman gave Boscow trouble. A pretty display between the Bates resulted in the half-way flag being passed, and then Dakin, aliley, Holmes, and Berry rushed through the thick of their .opponents, but faulty fielding of the oval ronbed the Warringtonians of an ex- dellent chance of scoring. Exchanges between Taylor and Massey ended in the former's favour. Turner next made a bold bid from a line out, and when getting dan- gerous was hauled down by a host of opponents. A round of passing by the home backs saw Carey trying s short kick and follow-up with ill success. Hosker and Thompson changed the venue to half-way, but as speedy was the return to the attack, Dakin. Taylor, and Turner rushing the oval, and Todd saved. Evans met the drop- out in true style, and though Whitehead responded Boa- cow got out of a difficulty amidst ringing cheers. The game was taken under the Broughton posts, and James Bates almost got in after tricky work. Again there was a laxity of nntsh in another passing bout, and Chapman snapping up an opportunity eased the pressure consi- derably. Another minor was chronicled in favour of Warrington, aad then a spell of uninteresting play was relieved when Turner. got away from a line-out, and after partially clearing the opposition saw his pass not accepted. James Bate, John Bate, and • Carey next transferred with the same fate as preceding movements whilst Potts made a strong effort being well tackled by Todd. Hosker cleared the locals out, and a too vigorous kick by Ilzscow sent up another minor. , The Rangers enuld not make much headway against the resolute tactics of the Warring- tonians.and after Massey and Evans had kicked well play was on the Broughton line when half time ;cal signalled with Broughton Hangers leading by lour points ti, nil. On resuming Warrington early on attacked, and the Bates passed out freely, whil:t Evans and Potts re- peatedly made headw.iy. Fine kicking by Chapman and Whitehead realised the Warrington quarter 114g,but the locals, evidently nettled at being in a minority, forced the visitors back to their quarters, Berry and Holmes foiling Todd in responding to a kick by John Bate. A good kick by, Taylor (Rangers) was poorly res- ponded to by Carey, mid Grier made his mark in a favourable position, but Chapman's kick was charged by Holmes. and Warrington breathed more freely. Buckley and Turner took the game direct to the visitors' lines, and Carey had a fine opening after a pretty bout by the Bates. The pass was knocked on, and then came a movotonous spell of forward play close to the Rangers' line. One strong rush by the locals saw Taylor in pos- session, and•ht .succeeded- in safely grounding the oval, whilst cheers greeted -Potts when he successfully nego- tiated the place kick, and thus gave his side the lead. The Broughton men played up pluckily, and came very near scoring on two occasions. soon after the kick off, but eventually Warrington again attacked, Todd being especially lucky to stave off efforts by Bailey, Carey,and James Bate. A fine round of passing started by the home skipper saw Massey making tracks for the line, whilst Evans essayed a shot at goal,the oval going wide of the desired mark. Give-and-take play followed, and though Warrington had a couple of free kicks, nothing substantial accrued, and the end came with Warrington victors by a goal (five points), to Broughton Rangers a dropped.gnal (four points). RUNCORN V. WIDNES.—A hotly-contested game bet- ween these rival teams took place on Saturday afternoon on the ground of the latter, before 5,000 spectators. The kiat off at the commencement and after the interval was performed by Mr. Henry Nibart, of the " Royal Diverce" Company. As in previous matches the visitors maintained their supremacy, forcing the visitors to take up a defensive game. The first and only goal was scored in the first half by Butterworth, although the Widnes men tried their utnaost to equalise their efforts were fruitless, and the game ended in a win for Runcorn by one goal to nil.

RUNCORN "A" V. WIDNES "A."—These teams engaged in a very close contest again on Saturday, the venue be- ing the Irwell-lane enclosure. The home combination was comparatively weak owing to several of the players , being unable to play. On the other hand,Widnes brought 1 a fairly representative team. The nature of play in the first half was rather slow, although on the part of both teams some pretty passing was seen. At half time the score was—Widnes one goal, Runcorn one try. On the resumption of hostilities the homesters gradually be- came the aggressors, and towards the finish they were thoroughly masters of the field. The final score was— Runcorn three tries, Widnes one goal. BIREENREAD WANDERERS "A " V. RIIRCORN RE,CREA- TION.—PIayed on Saturday afternoon at St. Anne's en- closure, Birkenhead,before a large number of spectators. The "Recs." commenced o)erations but were pressed

===== 0002601_18940428_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

ST. PAUL'S CHOIR V. HEATH-SIDE SCHOOL.—This match was played on the ground of the latter on Tuesday. The score was as follows :—Heathside, 30; St. Paul's, 10.

CEMETERY WHITE ROSE V. ORFORD BARRACKS (JUNIORS).—This match was played on the around of the former on Saturday. Score :—White Rose, 371 Barracks, 38.

Y.M.C.A. v. SANKEY WESLEYAN4.—This match was played on the ground of the latter on Saturday, and resulted in a vict?ry for the Y.M.C.A. by 18 runs. score :

Y.M.C.A. SANKEY WIBLETANS. Woods b Bailey Pickton h Bailey 0 Itod,•rick h Woo4s Beaman b Watkins 2 Baile+ b Woods 0 Simpson b Bailey - _ __ . . _

_ White b Bailey 1 man 0 Farquharson run out 4 Booth b Beaman Chadwick e Focl,n b Vat- Light c Woods b Beaman 0 kini l6 Hardy b Beaman 0 Wright b Bliley ' 4 Watkins c Beaman Is Page c& b Bailey ...... ....... 2 Woods 0 Crosskill b Watkins ••• 0 Focien not out Hill not out 1 Highley b Beaman 0 Hewitt b Beaman 0 Extras 3 Extras 5

Total 33

Total

SOCIETY FOR THE PREVENTION OF CRUELTY TO CHILDREN.

WARRINGTON BRANCH.

The annual meeting of the Warrington Branch of the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, was held at the Town Hall, on Thurs- day last week, the Mayor (Alderman E. Greenall) presining. There were also present the Rev. Benjamin Waugh, the Rev. F. W. Willie (Rector), Captain Rodgers, Mr. T. Birchall, J.P., Mr. W. B. Greener, (hon. secretary), and a large number of ladies.

The MAYOR itnopening the prcceedings said that he had been asked to preside in the absence of Mr. Charlton Parr, who was advised by his medical atteedant not to attend any public meetings for some time. He(the Mayor', felt the greatest pleasure in being of use, no matter in what capacity,to such an admirable and Christian insti- tution as that in connection with which they were , assembled that evening. Be very much regretted that at the present day such a society should be absolutely necessary for the safety and protection of children who were subject to the cruel treatment of unnatural parents. It was two and a half years since that branch of the Society was formed but he could safely say that the good work it had been able to accomplish would repay, tenfold, the labour and time which many of those present had kindly devoted to it. (Applause). Mr. W. B. GREENER, the hon. sec., next read the annual report. It stated that the number of complaints dealt with during the year was 114, and involved the welfare of 300 children. The complaints were classified under the following heads :—General illtreatment, 5 ; assault, 10; starvation, 1 ; neglect, 87 ; abandonment, 2 ; exposure, 3 ; begging cases, 6 ; dangerous perform- ances, 0 ; immorality, 0"; other wrongs, 0. The cases were dealt with as follows :—Prosecuted, 21 ; convicted, 20 ; discharged, 1 ; earned, 83; otherwise dealt with. 6 ; dismissed, 4. The sentences inflicted ranged from one day's imprisonment to three months' imprisonment. The total number of cases investi- gated was 300, and the number of children . found to be insured was 114. During the year a branch of the Children's League of Pity had been formed in Warring- ton, and they had to-thank Miss Broadbent for the every energetic and successful way in which she started the work. The total revenue of the branch for the year was £416 ss. 31., and the expenditure £233 4s. "11d. The branch was thus enabled, by a gift from Mr. Henry Thornton, to forward on_ to the General Committee. £lB2 14s. 2,l.—The report was. adopted. • The Rev. BENJAMIN WAttlan next delivered a most eloquent address on behalf of the Society. He mentioned a number of Bills which he intended to esideaveer to get through Parliament, for the purpose of securing to chil- dren that protection which the adults of this kingdom have long enjoyed. The chief of these measure's, upon which the rev, gentleman spoke, was for the formation of a special court for dealing with juvenile dilinquents. In this direction the speaker made out a strong case against the methods which were now in vogue.of dealing with juvenile defaulters. He pointed out that in the first place it was a farce to place a child in a court intended for adults ; where it .could riot possibly understand the .form of procedure which was gone through, and where it was expected to answer questions • couched in the vague phrasiology which even puz- zled grown-up poi According to an Act passed he Charles 11, the Crown waa constituted the defender of all juvenile defaulters. But what did they find the clerks in their police court reading, in their mumbling and incoherent style ? If a child was the defendant the charge opened with "The Queen. v. Thomas Hardy." He contended this was a !ibel on the Queen's name. Their whole legal system of dealing with children was wrong; it was cruel and absurd. A child who was so young as to be incapable of having a true conception of right and wrong, ought not to be punished according to the value of the article stolen, but according to the feel- ings of the heart which prompted the act. A hungry child might steal a piece of bread, it Was arrested and detained in prison ; it might steal from a stall an orange or a flower, for which it had a 'fondness, it was arreqed and detained in prison. Or a child in a misehiev.ius moment might bra ak a wiedow, it was treated the 4,b:rie —treated as though it were a felon—placed in the same cells and docks as a murderer, or a criminal of the blankest type. And all this because it had broken a piece of glass. Glass of course 'cost money a child's heart cost nothing, and the law did not mind breaking it to punish the breaking of the glass. When 'a child was placed in the dock,there was no one to prove it innocent. The Crown,according tea perverted Is w.wac there to prove it guilty, and often did so unjustly. Only a few weeks ago he had proved that a child, who was detained in prison three days, and then ordered to NI flogged for alleged theft, was . innocent. A few weeks ago a child was arrested,or stealing two pots of fivers from a gentleman's garden was confined six days in a jail before being tried, and then evidence came out to the following effect. The chil ?e, was of an impression able nature, and finding a lost k itten, took it home nu of pity. During the night the animal died. The poe child buried it the following morning, and then brisk througn a fence and stole the flowers to plant on th kitten's grave. Instances on a parallel with this were to be found in hundreds, and when thee cnntemplated them what a hideous cruelty it seemed to place those innocent children in the position of felons just because they had acted upon the prompting of the heart, or upon childishly conceived ideas of justice. This Was one of the things they wanted altering more than anything else and he hoped soon to see a special court, called perhaps the House of-Justice for children, where the magistrates would act as protectors, on behalf of the Qusen. What. prevented them getting these measures passed at present was the great party friction in the House of Commons. Politicians did not appear to be there for the good of the country, but simply to oppose each other. They fought. mutually to extinguish each other like Kilkenny eats.— And-he hoped God would prosper them in this—(Laugh- ter)—and then they would get new men and have some work done. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_18940428_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
A RUNCORN BUTCHER IN TEE POLICE COURT.

Thomas Clough, butcher, of Church-street, Run- corn, was charged on Monday morning at the Run- corn Petty Sessions with unlawfully acting in contravention of an order made under the Contagi- ous Diseases Animals Act 1878, by removing three fat pigs within an infected area, otherwise than in accordance with a licence granted to him for that pur- pose.—P.S. Lea said that according to the order all animals coming from public sales were removed in accordance with a licence granted which stated whether they bad to be slaughtered or otherwise. On the nth April, defendant attended a sale at bole, near Chester, and bought three pigs. He afterwards described them as "fat " to Inspector Tinchard who gave him a licence to remove them to the Top Locks slaughter-house, Run- corn. The nest morning witness received an order stating that such a licence had been granted to Mr. Clough and asking witness to see that the animals were slaughtered. He and P.C. Gregory saw Mr. Clough who told them that the pigs were at the Top Locks slaughter-house, but on going thither no pigs belonging to Mr. Clough were there. They then went to Mr. Clough's own back yard in Mill-street.where the animals were found in different styes among a number of other store pigs. When Mr, Clough was questioned he said that he wanted to get home because his horse had cast a shoe and was footsore. He would have taken them to the slaughter-house but for this occurrence. The ani- mals instead of being fat were quite lean.—Defendant denied having, told the officers that the pigs were at the Top Locks slaughter-house saving that he was not asked where they were. He did not think he was doing wrong by taking them to his own yard for a short time. Ple intended to send them akerwards to the Top Locks slaughter house.—P.C. Gregory corroborated the state- ment of PS. Lea.—Superintendant Atherton said that the animals were described as " fat " by the purchaser and the licence ordered them to be slaughtered in four days. The licence was made out on the buyer's word that the animals were fat, and that person he presumed was Mr. Clough. The Pigs were not fat but lean. They were evidently not bought to be killed in so bhort a time but were intended for store stock..--Defendant was fined 40s. ird 12s. Bd. costs or one month's imprisonment.

The bulk of all the diseases and chronic ailment's of life come from malnutrition—improper food or lan insufficient nourishment. Malnutrition is often caused by the systems. nability toassimilate fat, Scoit's Emulsion is a fat food that the weakest system can assimilate. Easier to take and more effective than plain oil, Physidiani, the world over, endorse it, Chemists sell it. 2s. 6d. and 4s, 6d..—(7)

===== 0002601_18940428_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
SUNLIGHT SOAP COMPETITIONS. 232,000 Prizes of Bicycles, Watches, and Books, value 41,904

The First of these Monthly Competitions will be held on January 31st, 1894, to be followed by others each month during 1894.

2`. . fi; =-7;:•,,Ass _ ‘Y/

===== 0002601_18940428_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
6 WALES, CHESHIRE, STAFFORDSHIRE, SHROPSHIRE, WOR- CESTERSHIRE, MON- MOUTHSHIRE, and HEREFORDSHIRE. 7

N OTT INGHAMSHIRE, DERBYSHIRE, LIN - coLNshiRE, LEICES- T E RSH IR E. WAR- WICKSHIRE, RUT- LAN DSHIRE, NOR- FOLK, SUFFOLK, CAM BR I DO ESHIRE, H UN TINGDONSHIRE, - NORTHAMPTON- SHIRE, BEDFORD- SHIRE, and OXFORD- SHIRE, $ ESSEX. HERTFORD- .SI-BRE, BUCKING. HAMSHIR E, BERK- SHIRE, SUSSEX, HAMPSHIRE, WILT- , ' SHIRE, GLOUCES- TERSHIRE, SOMER- ,SETSHIRE, DORSET- SHIRE, DEVONSHIRE, CORNWALL, ISLE OF WIGHT, and CHANNEL 15L4NDS.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
The Prizes will be awarded every month daring 1894, in each of the 8 Districts, as under:—

===== 0002601_18940428_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
• The Bicycles are the celebrated Helical (Spiral) Tube " Premier " Cycles (Highest award, World's Fair, Chicago, IP9fn, manufactured by the" Premier" Cycle Company. Ltd., ot Coventry and 14 Holborn Viaduct, London, fitted with Dunlop 16114 Pneumatic Tyres : Salobury's " Invincible " Lanni . Lamplugh', 40:; ; Harrison's Gen.,: ; Tnni

===== 0002601_18940428_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
Value of Prize given each month in each district.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
(' (I{4'" / s'7'--*"..',. ~., 1 ' ~... Seii.,";;T;:,^'::' ~,,,!\, ...1,40, . 4.,....,,,j..-dp; . :-- • :;•4•:'•-•::-.'hi, 'i . ..,-,13.7,:ii • ,t..„-_,viim,r.,,,. - ' ;::-.-d?-',--',.5 , 1

===== 0002601_18940428_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
PEN KETH.

Tun Lusenat. CL.—The annual general meeting ot the above club was held on last evening week, in the eteb-room. There was a good attendance of members, Mr. J. B. Aitken in the chair. The minutes of the last general meeting were read by Mr. Fred Hughes, secre- tary, and passed.—The next business was the readinz of the statement of the club's accounts for the year 1893-94 by Mr. A. J. White, the treasurer. The statement showed a balance in hand,after meeting all the liabilities. Th:3 accounts were passed as submitted.—A vote of thanks to the retiring officers for their services to the club and party during the past year, was proposed by Mr. 'l'. Bell, seconded by Mr. W. T. Wilkinson, and carried unanimously.—Mr. J. B. Aitken was re-elected president, Messrs. H. Garnett, G. H. Bolton, J. Peers, C. E. Parker, D. Gam, tt and H. Hughes, vice-presidents ; and the names of three other gentlemen were proposed as vice-presidents provided their consent could be obtained. Messrs. F. Hughes and A. J. White were re-elected secretary and treasurer respectively, as also was Mr. J. Lewis as assistantsecretary. The committee were elected as follows. viz :—Messrs. Longshaw, H. Wilkinson, Cross, A. Wilkinson, A. Seed, T. Bell, King„ Humphries, T. Seed, and G. Wilson.—Mr. Aitken pro- posed a vote of confidence in the Government, which was seconded by Mr. F. Hughes, and carried unani- mously. It was decided to send a copy of the formal resolution agreed to, to Lord Rosebery and Sir W. Har- court. This concluded the public business. A vote of thanks to Mr. Aitken for his services in the chair was proposed by Mr. J. Lewis. seconded by Mr. H. Wilkin- son, and carried.—Mr. Aitken returned thanks, and the proceedings terminated. LOCAL TRAVELLERS.—Mr. Robert Garnett. J.P., of Hall Nook, and family, returned on Sunday morning from a trip to the Holy Land. Mr. C. E. Parker also landed on the shores of America on Sunday morning.

RUPTURES. TRUSSES. WOODEND'3 PATENT TRUSSES. the most comfortable truss ever invented. A boon to wearers, h4ving no spring at back. Singl-, 7s. 6d., Double 12s. Carriage paid. Send size in inches to J. WOODEND, Chemist, 22. Pitt-street, Liverpool. —.Adv . Cornelius Vanderbilt has given two hundred thousand pounds for religious purposes in two years. When a Chinese bank happens to fail, all the clerks and managers have their heads struck off and thrown into a heap, together with the books of the firm. For the last five hundred years not a single bank in China has stopped payment.

THROAT IRRITATION AND COUGH.—SOTCHeSS and dryness, tickling and irritation,inducing cough and affecting the voice For these symptoms use Epps's Glycerine Jujubes. In con- tact w:th the glands at the moment they are excited by the act of sucking, the Glycerine in these agreeable confections becomes actively heaiing. Sold only in boxe, 70., tins is. lid.. lapelled "JAMES EPPS & CO., Ltd.. Hornceopathic Chemists, Landon," Dr. Moore, in his work on " Nose and Throat Diseases," says : "The Glyeerine Jujubt. *prepared by James Epps and Co., are of undoubted service as a cura- tive or palliative agent," while Dr. Gordon Holmes, Senior Physician to the Municipal Throat and Ear Infirmary,writes: " After an exc.ended trial. I have found your Glycerine Jujubes of considea,ble benefit in almcv,t MI forms of th.tt disease."—Advt,

===== 0002601_18940428_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
With Or- dinary Postage up to

===== 0002601_18940428_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
2-15 a.m.

5-15 a.m.

5-30 a.m.

6-30 a.m.

8-55 a.m.

9-30 a.m.

10-0 a.m. IC-10 a.m.

11-10 a.m.

11-30 a.m.

11-30 a.m.

12 Nooa 1-50 a.m

1-50 p.m.

1-0 p.n-i.

L-25 p.m:

1-40 p.m.

2-15 p.m. 2-30 p.m

2-45 p.m.

3-0 p.m. 3-15 p.m. 4-0 p.m: 4-30 p.m. 4-40 p.m. 5-45 p.m.

6-Z5 p.m

9-30 p.,r.

10-30 p.m. 11-15 p.m.

Ditt*. Ditto. Ditto_ Ditto. Ditto.

No extra f:t

10-45 P-9,

===== 0002601_18940428_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
Newton-le-Willows Widnes, App:eton, Farnworth, Ditton, Penketh, Preston Brook, Frodsham, lie!shy. Daresbury. and Moore. Grappenhall, Ifeatley Heath,, Lymm, and Thelwall • Newchurch, Croft, P,dgate, Stock- ton Heath, Stretton. Warburton, and Woolston For `.l',iwn DelivPry .3c Latchtord Manch•ster. Maeciesfield, Stock- port, Buxton, 17,,rksinre, Nori h- timberland, DurhArn, ,t S.-Last Lancashire London. Southern ;ttid S.-Wp,tern

Counties. Central South Wale':

and Foreign ,Liverpool and Leig,t Manchester, tylrt of North Wales, and • rvland 'Preston, N. Laneaehire, N.-West England, Wizan, Scotland, Liverpool, Present, Southport. Birkenhead, Ormskirk,, St. Helene, Widnes, Newton. and Runcorn Manchester, S.-Bast Lancashire, South Wales, S.-West or Eng- land. Yorkshire. Durham, Nor- thumberland, S: Town I), livery London, S.-Eastern, Midland and Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid- Cheshire. Central Wale, and , Foreign l Bolton Preston, North Lancashire, West Cumberland London, Midland. Southern, and, S.-Eastern Counties Liverpool: Southpoq. Ormskir4,, Bath, Bristol, Exeter. Glouerster„ Plymouth, and Sbotland -

... Cheirer, Wre, ham, Llandudno, & Shrewsbury Manchester, S.-}Cast Lancashire, it Sheffield Prestoli Brook. Sutton, Newton-le- Willows and Wigan Liverpool FrOdsbain, Fratsirim Bridge, 1-felsby, Widnes, P,tnketl), and Moore -

===== 0002601_18940428_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
Town _Delivery. Stoekten Heath. Sc

So.nkey Bridges Lvmtn, /leatley nanciv!ster St Helea. _

Orfrd and Hulme Liverpool and Chester raPPenhall Preston, N.-Iliast Lancashire, West, Cumberland, Wigan.'Nfonchester 1 Petrrborough, and 133,t• i_ineoiti-' shire ' Town Deliv:,rr Prestin, West Cu,' lierla-d, Liver- pool, Birk.mliead, Orniskirk, Isle

of Mau. A; (1-!as(ro.‘v , ,Night Mall Desp.O.elt. All Pads— Lonlon. Micl'lnls, S.-Eastern 6outh Conntie., 8, Foreign

EATILESTOWN AND NEWTON.

- - - if igh-st,. Newtot• Mr.Jaznes Jordan

HEAn ()Friel, POSTMASTER --- Hours of f Week-day!, 7 a.m. to 9p m. Atte nee. 1 Sundays 7to 10 a.m. B tox closes a 540 P•":•, The Telegraph Otilee is open on We-k-dav from 7-30 tian• "8 p.m., and on Sundays from 7-30 t..) 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 PARCEL PosT.'—Pareels are despatched at 10-15 aun•. 2 1' 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LETTRit DELIVERY COM meTices at 7 a,m.,12-30, and 3-30 P•rn'

----

LIST OF DESPA.WIIES. Showing the time to which a letter can be posted with OM,- nary Postage, and. with an extra half-penny stamP• Nxtra, 5-0 am a.m

-Ord inar7 Postage.

MA

10-30 ~

11-10 „

2-15 p.m.

• 4-30 ~

5-40 „

10-35. x.m

2=20 p•ro•

-_,---

RECEIVINCI HOUSE, SUB-02FIC T) ES, A.IS W weft ALL LETTER

ARV CLEARED AS FOLLOWS:-

It KC EWING HOUSE— *Earlestown

SuNDA". 4-30 Pin*

Suß-OFFrova - *Ashton Collins Green ...... *Golborne LowtOn Stubshaw Cross Winwiek *Wes grave

WALL BOXES— Crow Lane, Newton ' Newton Common (Near the Itacecoune) Railway Statioft (Newton Bridge) ' • Preston Junctiott Church-et., G °thorn» Legh Street. „ Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road', Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place)

9-55 Nil. Nil. Nil. 411. .9-55 LI!

Nil- Nil. , Nil.

.• 10-15 a.se• 14i1.

varies' Parcels are despatched from the Receiving Office at town at 9a.m. and 6 p.m.; from all SoU-Oilices at the °— time as letters.

TOWN DELIVERIRS A 5 FOLLOW:S:-

er:uy p0tat3,,,,1• • I

ICal:erg

England, Wales, Ireland. Scotland, and Foreign London and the South Frodsham, Helsby, & Lyrnm Manchester, S.-East Lmileashire, Yorksl.ire, Durhrtm, Nor: hum her:and, and Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool, Birkenhead Southport.Preseot, Wigan, Orm s- kirk, Widnes, & Earlestown . London, Foreign, and the South Midland Counties & south Preston, North Lancashire, New - ton-le-Wil'ows, St. Helens, ru,d Chester Manchester. London and Foreign, South. Eastern, and Minland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland Glasgow. Preston, Wigan, :\lar.- ch,.?ster, Bolton, et Clie.iter London and Forfign. t4outn. S. Eastern, Midi. Northern, Eastern Counties, & Lancashire. Croft, Padgate. Wootwen, Stockton Heath, and Steel ton London & Foreign, Soutl,, and :Y.- Eastern cotintio

'! 7-0 a.m. •

10 45 „ 1- 11-30 11-45 } 12-0

12-15 p.m.

11-30 3'rl"

2-15 .. 3-15 „

5-30 p.m •

3-15 "1'

313 'n

") 7,111

===== 0002601_18940428_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
7, ' - ' 1 ; 1 1 1 - 1 I

===== 0002601_18940428_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
I

IWith BXtris Hasitfapmenpny

===== 0002601_18940428_art0107.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
INo extra fee.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0108.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Ditto.

Ditto.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0109.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Ditto.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE.

MAY. FROM WARRINGTON TO irton Bridge-7 10, 7 35, 828. 10 45, 1 42, 235 5 15, 535. A: B:lltiays 10 i in. 1366uur,e-7-12, 8 37, 114. a 3 15, a 9 10. Sundays 9 40, 25, • a Stops it required ,All-ttar sod 1111111ougo--7 12 3.17, all 15,1 14. a 3 15,a4 0.'16 33. ti.laY)i 941 2 5.8 50. a Stops if requir, 5 linninit...a.l •I\'.l ,!3, 7I ). 950, 17: 1,2 11. 311. 6,5 5) 11 (kir. . Suiiavt » 57. 10 15, 4 27, 11 35. aNI nit Jays

airrnlasiham (Midlan,l)-6 14. 9 32, 11 55, 12 55, 3 23, 5 0, u. 11 52. tiundays 11 45. 4 25.5 05 p.m. 61, "ur:s-42 40, 523 5 40. Li 3L, 9 55,11 43. 12 35, 2 25, 3 43, k Sundays 8 C. 3, '3 O. ' -,,, lini3 . 6 Ex,•...pt el 7 i;,('1:•001-5 45, 8 35. 955. 00. L.: 40. 12 35, 2 23, 3 48.6 13, Sundays 2 40, 8 43 6 0. 8 ii'lt4T4-2 46, 3. 95, 9 19. 0 43. 12 14, 3 20, 421, 6 25, c Sundays 740 a.m ,7 47 in. lia irliele-2 40, 5 20, D 45,9 55, 11 40, 2 25, 3 48, 10 15. , -Sun- 511L-es- -tr 7 4,0 9 rJ. ' "'0 25, 19 • 7 1215,1 4O, 153, 3 17, 422, A ,. 14, i 132. 6undays 8 -,4, 7 45, 11 32. 6 foint Green-7 10, 8 20, 10 5. 127, 1235, 3 30, 3 48, 55. 8. 9 10, 10 20 Sundays 8 43, 60. _ 235 e.,we-a2 57,1323,7 10, 7 35, a 2. 95) 10 41. 12,0,142,211 • 11,5 15, 723. Li 35. 'll:2Cid, vs 257, 10 15. 42, 11 3J. 1:0(14301 excepted. 5,0011,14' ~ oaf:: SuburY-7 42, 95. 1215. 150. 317, 5 11.0 4,7 42, 1013. 05.Y1 8 44, 745. atz ,„'rbY (M18l511,1)-6 14, 950. I, 53, 12 55. 320, 50, 11 53. g1475'1111 45 a.m., 4 25 P.M. 84R r`"towt 7 10' . ' 8 25 8 35 105 127. 12 35, 3 30, , 945' 5 l'-- 7 31-, L 9 10v 10 .10. ;itiodays 855. i. 3 43, 4 50, 60, , 4 tinburgll-240, 520. 955. 1140, 12 35, 2 25, 348, 10 15. ,:li4 ~'l3's 240 a.m. 9418 p.m. 02'041er's Ferry .?!‘ Peuk-th -7 38, 8 25. 10 0. 11 48, 2 0, ' 12 1s 17 81) 948. Sundays ,i 48, 240. 7 50. 742 w'ata -7 43 95' 1023, 1215, 1 53, 3 17. 4 23, 5 11, 64, (1' 014 ' • 15 a4lton (Cheshire 1,111,.)--7 12, 7 56, 8 37, 9 5. 10 40, 12 0, tlev.:,`,). 40. 520. 6 10, b 7 0, 80. ej 30, dlO 15, 11 33. Sun- tijc -9. 9 55, 11 25, 2 32, 7 5, 9 18. 10 155, dSaturdays 5 miktutes later on Saturdays. coaturdays ex- , 40, 520, 9 55, 11 40. 12 35. 2 25. 3 43, 10 15. 2 40, 945. ' 101'6")°rIle-5 45. 7 10, 835. 1040, 12 3. 348. 5 35, 7 17. I /to. Sundays 8 43. 60. :,11$11 Green-7 12.7 56.8 37,9 5,a9 30.10 43.12 0,1 5, 2 5.4 0, IL 4 a2' s"0. 633, b 7 O. 80, 8 37. c 9 30, alo 15. Surulays 90, 11 25, . 144 18. amondays and Saturdays only. bituns 5 minutes 0144 aturdays. cSaturdays excepted. -• °,41,14' 501 Cadishead (Central)-7 ... 7..55, 8 21, 70, 105. 850, 10 12. 3 17, 5 15, 7 18. 923. 1049'l',fard -From Arpley Station-6 0, 7 22. 80.9 0, 958, 4101,1„. 12 40, 1 16, 2 38, 4 11, 5 18, 6 13. 78, ,s 7 45, 9 8. Li' 8 50, 3 8, 818. aSat 'inlays only. 127 ","1,00l (L. a, N.-W.)-5 25 7 10, 823, 835. 105, 10 35. 422'040_20. 240, 55, 6 10, 78, 1020. Sun lays 5 20, 735, 843. . 'n.), 60, 9 45, From High Level Platform. 4148e,11)501 (From Low Level Platfo. ;n)--7 33. 825.1'l 0,10 14, L.,::. 0, 320, 5 12,6 17, 30, 9 48. Sa,l.l4vs 8 43, 2 40,7 50. °5O• I.jPool (Cheshire Lis)-.4 29, 530, 7 12. 7 55, 8 37, 115 '',°, 950, 1(24, 10 35, 1050, 1150. 120, 12 50. 1257. ,12',1'0,,53. 25, 250, 332, 35). 40. 4 53. 579, 553, 010, ,8141.4.'). 7 0. 7 SC, 8 0, 8 50,9 6, 9 13. 10 13, 10 45, alllo, 11 39. ."15571; 30, 5 30. 90, 9 55, 11 25. 2 20. 2 52. 75. 1130. 9 18, .' s'3. aExcept. Mon lays. ‘ll T','lzl (L.& N..w.)-a2.57, b 3 23. 7 10. '350, 1045, 12 1, . ', 1, 5 15, 11 35. sun:lays 2 57,10 15,4 20, 11 35, allon- -4,sexeepted. bmondays only.. ; S4IIC-'1(41 (\3 l 6 14. 9 59. 11 39. 1225, 320, 50. 11 53. , IR,i's 11 45 a.m.. 425 p.m. • 11 -6 20,7 22, 30,9 9, 9 53, 10 49, 12 40, 1 16, 2 33, ' 18. 6 13, 78, a 7 45, 93. Sundays :850, 3E, 8 13. ' 0 kar;,,'LaVa only From Arol. y Station. • -RTester (L'. & N.-W.)-2 45. 8 25. 10 40, 12 14,2 0, 3 20, . kily.". 7 17, 8 33. Sundays 2 45, 7 40, 7 47. aMondays ~ rom High Level Plat,ortn. • 20 -:;-"tater (From Bank Quay Low Levet! IPatform)-.6 20, qull,'.l' 55.8 57, 9 55, 10 46, 1 14. 2 35. 4 9.6.10, 7 5, 9 3, 1140. 8 46, 3 5, 8 15, 11 40. *Front Arpley Station. ' 55• -',',.lter (Cheshi, e Lines)-7 0, 7 55, 8 21, 8 55, 90, . k,../'u 55, 1125, 1155, 1255, 155, 255, 355, 4 55, 5 55, 00 ,9 755, 8 12'E, '55 9 55. alOO.lO 5, all 00, 11 50. Sundays .. 48aii" 7, 1012, 35, 317, 5 15, '1 18, 8 55, 9 2.2, 9 28, 9 55. ". SticiriiiaVs. only. koo evtsch-7 35, 10 46. 2 35. 5 35, 7 28. ,„14,4„,t,_e '.O--7 35, 142,2 35, 535, 7 28. Sundays 10 15 a.m. O ' ` -,11-le-Willows- 2 45, 5 45, 7 10, 8 35, 9 19, 10 15, 12 35. 3 20. 3 43, 5 35, 6 25, 7 17, 9 10, 10 15. '.l 1.4 d. 41's 2 45, 8 43, 335, 50. 60. 945. ' 55 -41ite -( 0, 7 55, 820. 1027, 1227, 2 17, 528, 7 0, 832. , pi. Suudays 855 10 12, 3 50, 5 15, 928. 14)11---.9-40. 5 90, 5 45, 8 35, 9 55, 10 0, 11 40, 12 35, - 451 '48,6 18, 7 17, 8 47. Sundays 2 40, 3 43, 3 35, 60, .: 114,., ' ' 825. 100. 11 48, 2 0. 3 2 0, 5 12, 6 17, 80, ' ZoB 4-`:v (for Penketlll,-7 53' 9 5, 105. 110, 120, 15, 2 5, "135,-', 5 29.6 13, 70,80. a 9 30,110 15,10 45. Sundays 90, (°.1,.'e2,82. 9 18. aSaturtays except,d. bSaturdays only. - 'lO `lletts 525 710. 822 835, 10 5. 11 7. 12 35, 3 30, 55, 9 10, 10 20. Sund.lys 8 35, 60, 9 45. , 'l4lPort (Cheshire Lines) -7 12, 8 37, a 9 30, 11 15, ntti'. 4 1 0 53, '6 33 9 10. Sundays 9 43, 2 5, 8 50, LLIRI7I3 only. la l'w, ,ii 1 --5' go. 722, 'BO9 0, 9 58, 10 49.12 400 16,2 38,4 11, . .7 8. a 745, 98. Suudays, 8 50, 38, 8 18. a Satur- IViti.44Y. From Arley .Statisn. ( L. aud N.-‘v) -7 33, 825, 300, 10 11. 11 43, 2 0, ' ~\Va 2, 6 17, 80. 943. Sundays. 8 48, 2 40, 7 50. S. 24,1„"3 (Cheshire Lines) -756. 95, 1) 5. 11 0, 120, 1 5. 40. 5 29.6 10. 70. b 3 0. 9 0, a 9 33, 410 15. Sun- '. 943, 232. 9 18, aSaturdays excepted. bSaturdays ,y. 12 IYI 40, 523. 5 45. 7 10. 8 3). 9 55, 10 40, 11 40, 12 35, .. - as' a- 48. 535, 6 18, 717 8 47, 10 5. Sundays 2 40, 6 43, 'O. 9 45 ' . \',i

' esm4r,

Act() TO WARRINGTON FRONI n Bridge-6 34. 7 45. 8 52, 11 4,), 38, 4 36, 6 44, 8 29, AititSundays 753. 432. as. ree-9 29, 1 60, 7 28, 8 39, 10 4. Sundays 9 35, 2 41, Hillhouie-9 14, 1 16. 7 18, 824, 949. Sundays a, rit 05, Inghain (L. Fr. N.-\V.)-11 15, 310 60, 7 20, 90, 11 30, ir'7 25, 11 '5. Sundays 1 i 15. 310, 12 15, 70. 4S. 4)r1R1,3.,, qidlan.l)-6 5, 50. 11 30, 1 23. 2 40, 54, 030, 11 19. hundays 4 30, a.m., 40. 11 19. bhxcept

;Agoittia is.

14 Btitki "burn-8 39, 850, 10 55.12 45, 24, 3 13, 6 31, 755, 1015. 80,5.40, 'lO 1,.'001 (Talbot I1oa8)-8 12. 8 47. 9 55. 1 20, 35, 5 25, 10 0. Sundays 7 25, 1 40, 5 15. 840 R"'„15')01 (Ceutral)-8 0. 8 27. 8 55, 9 55. 1C 25, 20, 2 50, A 84) -t„'"], 8 15. Sundays 7 10, 1 %0, 4 55, 8 50. 53 liksT---5 45, 80. 8. 40, 10 3. 12 35, 2 25, 4 15, 5 13, Sundays 6 10, 9 20 p.m. 5 50, 8 40, 1234, 1 40, 4 22, 5 33, 841. 5U1133,), " 2 11. 12 10 p.m • %r-2 0, 7 25, 8 45, 9 40, 1012. 11 5, 11 40, 1 25, 2 10, —5O ' 4 5 5 5'30 635, 735, 30. Sunda s 20.630 a.m., " 'A 10 'ins 39,.7 16. 8 42. 10 9, 12 39, 1 4, 1 43. 2 10, 4 6 A CI: 24, 6 2.3, 7 47. 9 16. 13 4,1. B.llidAys 81 . 715. - 3,4 V 8 0 6 49, 8 13. 9 23. 11 5, 1110. 150, 235. ' 4" -.a 9 An' 2 3,442, 713.2 . 40, 9 12. 1, P.LLTY-8 16. 10 17, 11 43, , 7 ,U 2 47, 5 42, 8 13. Sundays 2 15, 3020, 1,10, 35. 350, 445, 7 0. 83, a 1235, ;14am vs 7 30, 6 18, 6 50. 3 33. t Mondays. ' 11. It-`l.--6 59 720 848. 9 29. 9441971..e0P13. 11 29 .12 - 53,14 15.5,10, 553, 6 30, 633. 9 12, 1050. Sundays 1411413. ' `44,.9 55. aSatu uly rdays n. 7 A da urgh-10 20 2 0 6 0,9 10. Sundays 00. 8 10. .8 -2,'7's Terry ..CPenket,ll-7 12, 95.9 43, 12 23, e 17, 327, 54. 8 57, Sundays 8 32, 2 57, 87. 55' 9 3. 102,11 27, 232, 4 7. 5 27, 6 57, 7 57. (Chealaire Lines)-5 54. 627,7 8.1 90, 9 1.0. 10 48, 8 2-A' t,,1 4 20, 4 56.'5 8. 5 36. 657, 93, 11 21. Suu- ?,lal,,;''' 1j..2 40 317. 4.42. 651. 641 0(.4,7;w-40.10, 20, 550. 25. Sundays 550, 95. 2. 14, 826. 1022. 1228. 1 54, 241. 535, 820, 91, s 7AktirCnsn'ulYs 9 40 7 5. `6 g 1 -640.83, B2SD 10, 19 3, 1 14. 15*. 221. 430, 1.5„5'• 7,7 11. 918, 11 35. Sundays 8 37, 9 20, 3 31.455, trla 652,-IT 'MA ,cadishead (Ceti, ral)-6 58 7 33, 9 56, 12 55, 54, `4 411,1 9, 6 50, 8-35. 10 °.„,4-2,"411.--i 88'1.eY88 .10 5 409 32 10,6, 11 17. 1 20. al 45, 2 13, 7-Ei .0 46, 6 .7, 6 49. 7 49,.g) 42... 1127.,. Sundays 333. Lit aSaturdays onlv. btatur.tay s ,4yikkAl. (via lia-rle.to-wit)-. a 2 45 60. bO. 9 20, 11 50, 6 14..): B'o. 5 35,7,5. 8 35. 10 b,*51,15. days 7 33, 9 20, aXotula """ ys only. *-ia' (""' • 2014 r;''coleit -6 21" 8 20, 95, 105 12 30. 1 30. 2 40, 3 35, 4 29, 8 10, 10 45 745. 2 10 '1 20. 10 45. r (Cent al- ) '5 45 6 10,7 A), 6 30, 6 40, 43, 9 30, 10 30.11 '40,11 30,'.11 55. 12,30. 12 40, 1 30, 150, 20. 440, 45, 530. 5313. 13 30. 6 35. 7 30, 8 0, SS: .30,110 45, 11 0, 11 30. iiitnidays 60. 9 0, 2 30, 4 14), 6 30, 830 930. a Mondays and :iartirdays only. - (L &12 0, 5 7 15, 10 10, 2fo, 1 .0 0. su 4.10.0 in.. 54, 10 O. 12 0 -20)4 --Q(4, (14.1.1.1anc1u -5 15,, 10 5.. 12 0. 20, 40, 5 0, a 9 13, Lp 3 15). 12 0. a except Mondays .65 32. 9 21 .9 58, 119 1 07, 2 5.250, . -• •':•4 • 6 41, 7 41,9 33. 1119. Sim :Lys 825, :2 25. uSaturLlA4-c only teinturdays I",l*,ter AD, p, Bt. 9 10, 1125, 15. 51(1-, 7.17,.. 9 23, 43. Sundays 80, 60, ktki 'roin kz:liange glis) IVle'ter (Loit(ion-tload) -7 15. 753, 9 3.5. 10 35,. 12 .35. 140. 340 65 r 2'o 3 75. 8 t-,5, ;10 45. Sunda.% s -•'• 6 402 .ts.;,:,itr‘.)tav's 11,%. biaturit.o.l excepted. r .1'430. 'eliester (Clietddr( -Li.cit;3.)-6 48, Y ".;),jO, ”. 5 3,3,10 30, 10 45, 11 70 12 30, 12 45, 131 2 30. 3 60, 4. , 213,t1 6:06 33 730, 'B'3o 43.3" 950, a 111134, 110. z,,111- ‘4l ".v 1- ' r 30 , 940. (111.1 - va 9 30. 10 40., 1 40.2,0. I. " ' kid -.I Catur!aya only. to....lleulcli--6 58 11 37, 2 42, 7%4..47,1 0.9.6. 11. 55, 323. 806 57. ••tiftt..-. 8 15.1 42. ° k4C I,•e-Wtll,aws -, -os , , 7 835, 9 24, $ 11 55.543,627, Li 9, 11 8' , Nets 9 4g, 355 7 20, 11 5 a an„4 .bs!,l,r..days OE IY• 2014te---7 51, 12, 10 9. 19. 17, 9 16. Sundays 8 53, 249t..7j-2- 5 1044 i"r -0 5 • '039111511 20 '2 2 80, '• ' ` 1.• ~7' 40 12' 6 45,7 59, 9 35.10 47 Stutd:tys ,) 3, 3.5, 8 ntlh 4:•• cOlontiave except4...d. 41sa,AyineiniiiigR only. 919, 13 15, 12 L:9, 1 ZO, 2 58, 445, 640. - 84156. 1,235--eY (kr periketh)-6 51. 1114 8 41. 927. 11 19, S-1 21. 43.'1544, 5 21, 5 40,6 "1.2. ?20,, a 34. Sundays 249, s4t 8- (C.l t!.) " 25.,- 70.8 28,9 15, 11 13, 125. 12 51. 130 ' 10. 4"u, 4 45. 15. 610. 720, 90. le *1123. 311;tclayb ' 44.,;:55, 6 55, 95.. *Saturlic. on iy. 1 (LotA, ,S,reet) - 10. 9 1)1.0. 11 25, 10.2 15 ' 4.Ys 35. 0, 85, 49.0, 9 3). :Aniday 90. i; 5, 30. aSatut- , °MY' 6 3E, 9 28. 112, 1113, 115, si 41., 29, 250, 3, 6 45, 745, 9 33, 11 23 butio'll)B 29. Wid 4^• Oaturciays only. b4Ml,,"''"Ys .Z 0 k S(L. NIV 7 1 5"4 9 35,w 33 IL: 2,1.12 53 10, G 46, 8 60, 11 b Sowl 11 4 0 5 0 • . 50, 7 39. i 8, • .555, -• (ClLesli ' ce ines) 915 10 9, 1112. L 2 25. 1 27, r.,7 523, 612, 7 .4: 7 52. 0 .1). L,titidip 3 8;1, 3 9 , !ao ---,2 t,3 5, '33 a 15. 31, 105.), 11 1215. 141, 56: 413. 54,5 ,0,850. 3'52. 10 Zs') •.3untays 2 33, 9 30. 43. • aExcept Mondays. 6M.n..1!!;a only.

h Abb Co7oA,—.' A food at,ko anicae for buihling 411‘.,,gr_6wing body, arid for ntonio tb, waste which is to all Usti pliiCb.efidi LI:."--acca.A. (1)

................4,-,.....•

i 11 i , 1

1

===== 0002601_18940428_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
44idou

WARRING-EON MUNICIPA.L

FINAI CE.

A REPLY TO THE " CRITICISMS AND

SUGGESTIONS."

An "Examiner" reporter one day this week called upon Councillor J. Shaw Green, Deputy Chairman of the Finance Committee of the Warrington Cor- poration to ascert alit his opinions of the interview which we published last week under the title of "Warrington Municipal Finance: Some Criticisms and Suggestions." " Personally " said Mr. Conn. Shaw Green" I am very pleased that anyone outside the Council,sitould take an interest in the finances of the borough, for it is a department that has nothing inviting about it to induce ratepayers to go into details." "Do you think the suggested scheme for cable roads is feasable?" " I don't think it is. But I think that a tram lii, could be established, not running through the cen- tre of the town, and profitably worked. Witness the great numbers of people who uow ride to Latch- ford, to the Cemetery, and to tockton heath. think also that the correspondence system would work well. I have seen it in successful operation elsewhere." "Should the Corporation do this ? " "I am of opinion it would be far better done by a private Company than by the Corporation." It is suggested that the Corporation should take down the property in the narrow streets, so as to widen thew, and to build larger and more commo- dious erections. Could this be done?" . .

" My opinion is that it is altogether impracticable for us to undertake work of such magnitude. War- rington is an old town and its streets are narrow and contracted and not straight and some day a large sum of money will have to be expended in simply widening them; but I am of opinion that the burdens at present pressing upon the town are more than sufficient to justify a postponement of title neessary work." "May .1 a 6 a are you one of the people who would think the expenditure involved in building new premises upon the widened Streets suicidal?" " Well, I wilt hardly go so far, but I think the scheme is more a pleasant dream than a possible reality." " have you studied the paragraph which refers to the rate of interest paid. It is stated, you will observe that the Corporation is payinLf interest on loans at 4 per cent. and investing at 21 per cent." " It is true that, out ot the hail million Of so we owe, a sum of .V2OO is still bearing interest at 4 per cent. It is all old loan arranged a great many years t 4.0 when the current rate of interest was 4 per cent But this particular one is the last and expires in one this Near.. The rate per cent. upon all other louts is 3 and 31. it ic also absurd to say that we are investing money at 2i per cent. A very small stun of money, being the proceeds of the sale of a i,lot of land to the Infirmary Committee was required by the Local uoverument Board to be invested in consols, ant it is our only investment of the kind. We have, however, some portion of I he Police Superannuation Fund int ested upon the securities of other Corporations at ,3 per cent.." "it was stated in the interview that we published last week that the borough was not assessed at a sufficient amount, and certain figures ,a ere .quoted as to the, amount the assessment should be. What do you think of that?" " Nothing at all, those figures are assumptions only. The assessments are made by the Assessment Committee of the Board of Guardians. I have some knowledge of these matters, and I venture to say that they are based upon the actual letting values of the property in Warrington." " What do von think of the proposal to consolid- ate the debt .?" _

_ " There is no doubt that it is possible. When the Gas Works waspurchased the various loans for mak- ing the sewers were consolidated, and the Corpora- tion is now preparing a scheme for, as far as pos- sible, re-arranging the loans, and it is no secret that we hope to fund the whole of our indebtedness,and issue a debenture stock. IL wa, suggested in the in- terview which you published that the whole of the loans be paid off and borrowed at smaller rates. From this I gatnered that the gentleman, whose views you published, has not sufficaently studied the annual rep)rt, or he would find that a very large portion of the borough debt has been taken by way of annuity. This cannot, be repaid except, upon terms to be made with the holders.; and great, caution in dealing with such investments is nee- ne-sary. But the Finance Committee is thoroughly wide :Lwake to all this." _ .

" What about the proposed extension of time for the repayment of the loans ?" 4' Again I perceive that the gentleman whose views you published is not fully familiar with the way in which those things are arranged, and he specially quotes our water works purchase as not leaving a eufficiently long time to repay the capi- tal. Parliament, or the 14cwal Government Board deternatnes tne period within which all loans shall be repaid, and it may interest your readers to know that We made a big fight before the committee of the House of Commons on the purchase of the Water IVorks, and the utmost we could gat was GO years with relief for the first five years." In the interview it was stated that Bradford obtained 108 years to repay the loans on their water and gas works," 4' I am sorry that I have not more information on that point. But from the report I see that it was carried through in 1881, and there must have been very exceptional circumstance attending the appli- cation, for know the Local Government Board is now keeping a strict hand upon these matters. The comparison between English and American towns is scarcely applicable.. We are subject to authority and cannot take liberties with the finances of the Corporation. Warrington is in the proud posi- tion of bein,4 ;ade to say it has never advertised for money, nor yet paid a commission upon its loans, and your readers may rest assured that so far as safe guarding their interests is concerned, the Finance Committee has upon it men who are cap- able and willing to iflve, their hest energies and services, in promoting the true interests of our town."

===== 0002601_18940428_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
TILE 14',DUCITION QUESTION AT

\VAR RING roN.

PILOSPD:TS oF A iiCROOL B9ARD.

In consevenc- of the requirements of the education &par: ment, that alterations and im- provement-, be tu).ide t ) Cookhedge Mission Schools, Alesrs. Armitage and Rigby, Ltd., who established and c-uviticted the sehooi, litoe decided to close it at the end of the pre,ent, school year. It is a free school, and was built to aecommodate 170 children. In the enurse of the negotiations which were car- ried on between tne mana:zers and the Education Depart men', it wa4 painted out that there Was no other accommodation for the scholars of Cock hedge Schools nearer than the National schools, which are already crowded. A request was consequently made that, the erlucation grant might, not be with- drawn from the schools, until suitable accommoda- I ion had been provided. Toe Education depart- ment, however. adhered to their decision to discon- tinue the grant unl---s the suggested alterations weie carried out. This action will have a tenden3y ,t 1 bring to a head the question of a School Boar'! WarrinLt at. E Ineatiim department ap- pear to he taking in this fiireC!ion. and they have alre.oiy reque,t -id the Town Clerk to ascertain !row the soittOu.4 setiool managers in the borough what, provision chey loive made for free places in t ,eie schools, in o.dnidianee with the t,irins of the Act 1591. Tin T,...vn Clerk will, we uuderetatel. enthooy tlt ropii-s from the *school manager-, in the eport t besiihmitted to the Edu- cation Delo); tut-tit. filer,- are sotne sch..)ols, it is wen know:i, where no provi:lion has been made.

*OlOOl ti4!'oll)+ilittiFition in 'Warrington o r some yihr- fi si le.. .11 referred to i n the animal rLit4 of the Seaool Corn- wit 10-, 'Poste ..re in the t ,wt; 19 ,iine.aiited public ;.noilent arc ,I•tiiiolm. w ace:mita it ion for 11300 si•holarti.tie Hee itna tAltiott in individual schoois vying from 1.59 1,. 8.;0. S t JTOWded are h.: ~.chool.. tit, the litini'‘er ott t, eir books exceed- their nrin .t iin it t tn. Last year's rei ol ; School .1 t •lailee C iwinii;eri were ti-roph t -Ii %V the total nlmber of the rl toh. 1 436, with ail average of .8.175 or 7',4 ~;er r 'fiie-i; civil almost iitentwei ft.!, t.i. oh. II 10,426 were on h it ii 4.Vt-7, tigt• • t-'1,,i,1014-' Of 8,199. of tit, pelio,ls in tile to.vn ere i;ecidedly no,itireii tor their oitrno.e, nixing to their situation ittisurounilitigs, and lack. both inside it ad out, the entlVeiliet:Cet4i al iinprovententg demanded now by th.t'oirtwttit lf Vie Department takes measures with other seie“,!. simillr to tho::tt taken in con- nectinn wit IL Cock hedge school they tender the otabhabmeut of a Setool Board iuevitable.

MAYORAL "AT HOME" AT WARRINGfON.

The Mayor and Mayoress (Alderman E. and Mrs. Greensll) held an "at home " t the Town Hall oa Friday, the occassion bAng their first public appearance since their return from the South ot France. The attendanoe is compu,ed to be the largest at any similar function held during the Mayor's three years of office. The reception was held from three o'clock to six, and during that time Mr. and Mrs. Greenall were the recipients of warn expressions of welcome, after their pro- tracted absence. The Council Chamber was used as the reception roam. Many of the apartments of the Town Hall had been specially fitted up and draped by Messrs. S. E. and R. Johnson, and were placed at the disposal of the guests. The hall had been beautified by floral and plant decoration, and during the evening it was occupied by a band under the conductorship of Mr. R. 11. Pearson, who played selections of music of an appropriate character. Refreshments were supplied under the superintendence of Mr. Stanley Higham. The foilowing is a list of the guests who were present : Rev G and Mrs Allton, Dr and Mrs Adams, Miss Adams, Miss Atkinson, Miss Atherton, Alderman Ashton, Miss Constance Ashton, Mr and Mrs E Aukland, Miss Ethel Auklani. Mr and Mrs Burgess, the Misses Burgess, Mr and Mrs C S Burgess, Master Charles Broadbent, Mr C H Broad- bent, Mrs Broadbent, Mr. J. W. Broadbent, Lieu. Col. and Mrs Bolton, Miss Dorothy Bolton, Corm. and Mrs Bolton, Mr. and Mrs James Warm, Miss Bolton. Alderman and Mrs Blackhurst, the Misses Blackhurst, Mr A Blackhurst, Mrs Beamont, Capt. Buckton, Mr and Mrs J W Beevers. Mr and Mrs T Birchall, the Misses Birchall. Councillor and Mrs arid Miss Beaman, Mrs Butterworth, Mr and Mrs R Brierley, the Misses Brierley,Mr Richard Brierley, Dr Bowdon. Mr and Mrs C Bunch, Mddle Blanchet, Mr and Mrs H Bond, Mr and Mrs T. Birtles, Mr and Mrs J E Bittles, the Misses Birtles, Mr G T Brandrett, Mr and Mrs B Browne, Dr Bower, Mr W Burch, Mr and Mrs A Browne, Council- lor Bennett, Miss Mary Bennett, Miss Emily Bennett, Councillor and Mrs Baird, Mr and Mrs C It Brown (N Y), Miss Brown, Miss B 3 Brown, Miss H Brown, Mr W Boyle. Rev E C E and Mrs Carleton, Mr and Mrs Chandley,the Misses Chandler, Mr Arthur Chandley, Mr C Chorley, Mr. John C•orley, Mr R I Chorley, Mrs B P Coxon, Miss Coxon, Mr and Mrs W Coates, Mr Coates, Mr and Mrs R Chapman, Rev Father Craven, Mr and Mrs Peter Chritnes, Miss Ada Cash, Miss Coo- bri.ugh, Mr and Mrs Lincoln Chandler, Miss Gateacre Conway, Mr J Curran,Mr and Mrs J Clare, Mrs and Miss Cavanagh. Mr and Mrs Robert Davies, Mr and Mrs V B Davies, Councillor and Mrs Percy Davies' Rev Canon and Mrs Dodd, Miss Dodd, Mr G El Dodd, Mr and Mrs G Mrs I H Dutton, Miss Dutton, Mr R Dobson (junior), Mr J Dowhurst,Mr and Mrs John Dewhurst,Miss Dew- hurst, Rev LJ T Damen, Mr. T. Dyson, Mr. and Mrs. R.Denhain,Rev Father Duggan, 0.5.8, Mr H Davies,Mr S Davies, the Misses Dobson. Mr and Mrs J A Edelsten. _

Councillor and Mrs R T Fairclough, Alderman and Mrs Frano-imh, Mr and Mrs and the Misses Fleming, Dr and Mrs Fox, Mr and Mrs W J Forshaw, Miss N Fairclough, Mr H Fairclough, Miss Jenny Fairclough, Mr Brereton Fairclough, Rev Father Firth, Mr and Mrs Fletcher. Mr and Mrs Ho Fergusson, Miss Fell, Mr .and Mrs D W Finney. Mr A Greenall, Mr arid Mrs John Geddes, the Misses Geddes, Rev Canon and Mrs Guest, Dr and Mrs Gornall, Dr J G Gornall. Dr and Mrs Geary, Corm. and Mrs J S Green, Miss Green. Mr W B Greener, Coun. and Mrs Greening, Mr and Mrs W Gill (Grappenhall), Mr and Mrs Gill (Winmarieigh-street), the Misses Gill, Mr and Mrs H F and Miss Greenough, Mr and Mrs and Miss K F Griffiths.

Aid, and Mrs Holmes, Ald. and Mrs Harrison, Coon. and Mrs Hepherd, Mr and Mrs R G Henshl.ll, Aid, and Mrs Hutchinson, Mr and Mrs G Holtord, Mr and Mrs John Hatton, Mr G Hatton, the Misses Hatton, Colin. and Mrs and Miss Heaton, Coon. and Mrs Hill, Mr and Mrs H N Houghton, Mr and Mrs S Hunt, Mr and Mrs Joseph and Miss Hartley, Miss Hartley (Glazebrook), Mr and Mrs 'I Halton, Miss Ethel Hall, Mrs T Hall, Miss L Hall, Miss D Hall, Miss Harrison, Mr and Mrs W H Hesketh, Mrs Joseph Hall, Mr George Holine, Mr and Miss Haddock, Miss B Hardacre. Mr and Mrs H Isherwood. Mr and Mrs W D Jeans, the Misses Jeans, Mr and Mrs S E Johnson, Mr and Mrs W Jackson, Miss EJackson, Rev C E Jackson, Mr and Mrs D Jones, Mr Wm Johnson, Mr Alfecd Jolley. Mr and Mrs Lister Kay, Mr C H Kerry, Mr G Kirk- connell, Mr and Mrs Kiernan, Mr IV A Kiernan, Miss Kiernan. _ _

Mr and Mrs W Long, Miss Long, Mr and Mrs T Long- din, Mr H W Longdin, Mis 3 . Longdin. Mr and Mrs J Lawton, Mrs T Litton, Mr Lon9dale, Miss Lonsdale, Mr C E Lonsdale, Mr John Lee, Mr and Mrs H S Layland, Mr C Lyon, Miss E D Lamber, Councillor Longton, Dr. Langdale. Mrs W H Marston, Mr and Mrs F Monks-, the Misses Monks, Councillor and Mrs Monks Mr and Mrs H Mill- in, Miss Geta E Milner, Mr and Mrs C Madelev, Mr John Murray, Councillor Muir, Mr and Mrs J AMc Gregor, Mr and Mrs T Morris, Mr H B Melville, Mr and Mrs T May, Miss May, Mr and Mrs T Moores, Miss Moores. .

Mr. H. Nield, Mr and Mrs T P Norris. Miss Norris, Mr Holker Norris, Mr H F Norris. Mr and Mrs J C Parr, Rv. H V Pigot, Dr and Mrs Peacock Mr and Mrs Pollitt, the Misses• Pol- litt, drs Pritekard, Mr and Mrs F Parson- age, Mr and Mrs J T Pickton, Mr Charles Plinston, Miss Pirrnoint, Mrs B Pierpoint, Miss Pierpoint, (St. Austin's) Mrs N B Percival, the Misses Percival, Mr and Mrs Proud, Mr A Proud, Mr F Proud, Mr and Mrs and Miss Partington, Mr R H Pearson, Mr and Mrs A W Paul Miss Paul, Mr. G Ponsford. Mrs A Reynolds, the Misses Reydolds, Coun- cillor and Mrs Roberts, Mr and Mrs William Roberte, Mrs Rimtner, the Misses Rimmer, Mr and Mrs J C Ridgway, Mr J H Ridgway, Mr G Riley, Mr and Mrs R W Rowson, Mr and Mrs E Rose. Mr and Mrs W Richardson, Miss Rylands, Miss I' Rylands. Dr and Mrs Spicks, the Misses Spinks. Mr H Spinks, Coun. and Mrs Smethurst, the Misses Smethurst, Mr and Mrs S P Silcock, Aid, and Mrs Sutton, Mr J H Sutton, Lieut. and Mrs smith, the Misses Smith (Oldfirld), Mr and Mrs Stansfield, Miss Shaw, Counclllor and Mrs Shaw, Rev F and Mrs Slater, Mr J E Seeker, Mr and Mrs • W Silcock, Mr and Mrs J Seddon, Mr J Sutcliffe, Mr J Sansome, Mrs Sharp, Mr and Mrs R H Sillcock, Council hr Skelton, Mrs El Smith, Councillor Shilcock. Dr- Sherratt, Rev M Stevenscn Councillor and Mrs W Tinsley, Mr James Tinsley. Mr Frank Tinsley, Miss Tinsley, Mr and Mrs T Thompson, Mr and Mrs J C Thompson, Miss H. Thompson, Mr and Mrs J L Tunstall, Mr and Mrs J Taylor, the Misses Tay- lor, Mr C. Twiss, Miss Twiss. Mr and Mrs J M Fl and Miss Todhunter, Rev A H Townsend, Mr and Mrs Mr and Mrs J E Unsworth. Mr and Mrs L Voisey, Mr L A Voisey, Miss Voisey, Mrs Venn, Mr and Mrs G Venn. ! Dr Charles White, the Misses White, Mr H B White,Mr GF F White, Mr E A White, Mr and Mrs John White, Ald. and Mrs Wright, Mr and Mrs J Lyon Whittle, Miss Whittle, Rev F W and Mrs Willis, Miss Westwell, Mr and Mrs J W Whittle, Miss N Whittle, Mr and Mrs J Walton, Rev E J and Mrs Willcocks, Mr and Mrs H Woods, Mr and Mrs E W Woods, Miss A M Woods, Mr and Mrs J Wood, Conn. and Mrs A Woods, the Misses Westbrook, Mr Stanley Wilson, Mrs J L Wilson, Miss Wilson, Mr J It Williams, Coun. and Mrs Wilkinson, Rev Owen and Mrs Watkins, Miss Watkins, Mr and Mrs W El Woodcock, Rev H R Wild.

CONSTIPATION,

WEAK STOMACH,

IMPAIRED DIGESTION,

DISORDERED Lii\TER,

===== 0002601_18940428_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
CABINET PENSIONS.

When an ex-Minister applies for a political pension, says " Cassell's Saturday Journal," he makes a declara- thm to the the effect that his private means are not suffi- I cient to enable him to maintain his position. The amount of the pension varies according to the rank the recipient has held. A person who has filled the office of First Lord of the Admiralty, or any other political office , to which a salary of not less than £5,000 a year is at- tached, may, after four years' service receive a pension £2,000 per annum. An ex-Minister who has held a posi- tion worth less than £5,000 but more than £2,000 a year for six years, may be granted a pension of £1,200, while in the case of a person who has received more than £l,OOO but less than £2,000 ten years' service is required below he is entitled to a pension, the amount of which cannot exceed £BOO. Lord Georze Fiamiltm and Lord Cross have each a pension of £2,000 and Mr. Childers has also an annuity nominally of the same amount, but in the case of the latter, the amount of an allowance paid him by the colony of Victoria is deducted. Sir Michael hicks-Beach receives £1,200 a year, and Mr. Shaw-Lefevre formerly received a political pension, but relinquished it on an improvement taking place in his private means.

LSI'MERS FREELY IN THE HARDEST WATER.

J ii.t.'l,-.:3.,,X.,.. ''.- •.' ' ' '7 ' /..,,,Ift'l 'Z'f'knt.5,.0.:,,44:44.tr.4,"' ' ~, ',..c - ....X.Z'' g"••34.,`"71. .:%:•-1 ~, "4.7rit'X'sV *I4T , r: - ' . . "1p1.,,;.,;.,:\,%,,,7..,,,,,,i......1.1t.,...,....-•,. ,;',:.,.- ~,.-. ~.,,, T s ET,sl:-`'..,,-Zr4(4l"; '', ....0•_ . s vi A ie, 141, . "1,-itiAtt,l",-.*.15tr:v;..,..4.',- :••,+1 ',..t. :,,s. :,.., • : , , ;,,,,v,..f.,.,,,01,4:10 .. L, ' .Zt .. ...,,,,,, '...\!J; 4`• -"x.,,!* -,, .--- - ri. * ' ',•••::t• ;7 t /iv . g , ir),N ...*:: ..,14..,..„,,,, `,.." ..,, •-_. ... 4.-4-,.-,:r e 4 4! ' .., ....., u Nr. ig.t , . .. hit, k :: i., t• .1 , - ....;'. ' ,s4A‘ —,,. .. ' ' s pttt 0 aIP- “' .' g"- ' : '.l/2-1, •W i fl, , ‘ ki 0 , ~',/ /4„,..; .. , , *?..,, ' , ..• '1 w 1 A ? • ',- •,4 1 -6. •/...i. V e ..,,-....<13-..,1-.4/„4- . 44. • ~ ~..., ,ck,Z%:';s.4lp;b„ ~. ,4( .:!. t .ik e. ' - 41. •-•.: ..-1 •:',l, 7, ', 1 ' A . • ~..,.. , .:,, •• *-F" ,' ' Al'i Ats 4, '41," ,* -41..,) Z—4 • , . , . ' ;4 •, • • - :" ~, 4...,:40/karo R LL PURPOSE ,cr• 4.1.1,41..., r ' [4:2,w4,,,*t.,,:::-.L.i, ...,..-:c.ig: '? ;;•4', -re., Ati, i,46-01, ' • :•:. ' , ,ar.,1,04., .{.rip, .^....&,fr, 0,

Largest Sale of 1 lb. Tablets in the World. Vt F el 3 the splendid Picture, " The Charge of the Light Brigade," in poll silt frame, mill be sent carriage paid. Full particulars 03 each Wrapper.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD. FAMILY WEDICINE OUST,

WITH a prudent use, has sa‘t-d many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upim tintl reduced to a more simple form. Take some good compound such as

COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious vom- partments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but . COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Obso ver.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
4 e - A 4 t 417013# FRE EF () EC ie ' f'N 444.4tr0t. - k ilet346, •

OP PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

FOR BILE. LIVER, ACIDITv, INDIGESTION, 81. c.

.1, y ADIES.—FTNIALE IRREGULARITIES end 10 I JADIES ! 1.4 OBSTRUCTIONS. - Ths DIFFICULIY SOLVED AT THE GREAT INDIAN FEMALE MEDICINE, was els- LAST.—A lady havitig Tried 1.1 VAL' Every Advertlsed covered by a married La.ly during hr travels in the Far Remedy, has at last diseoveted a SIMPLE MEANS of SILLP- East, who has never known it to tail in retnov.tig the worst CVO.% particulars of which she will forward FREE OF cases of Irregularity or Obstruction in two lio rs, even after CH AbGE to Her Poor Suffering Sex ou receipt of statowei all other remetties fail, nr>thing ein poo!,ibly resist, the a-tion "witire,sed envelope. Send at Once, aril waste no more t me of this extraordinary preparatio a, wh eh Is almost histantano• mut money upon Worthless Fills Mixtures, anti o,lier so- ous in its effect. Ladies will avoid antrh a-xpense. illness. called Remedies of this class, wh'eli ca •se pain, sickness. aril worry.and cruel bitter .lisv,pointmeat by living this remedy injury to Ilia vstem without Is iviug the necespary vff ct. at once. Sent se-tire from observatio,i for 4,, 64,—mrs, BAR- Writ e. with tuil hone and conlidene,, to Mrs. ST. (NA Lit, 4.;, ItINGTON, 4, Fe ttherstone-buildings. London, W.C. Southampton Buntings, Chancery-Lne, London, W.U.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
%,„ RU?fIRIS:' L/ E s. Z

HANDKERCHIEFS l'ool.. r

Guaranteed all pure flax. Ladies' 'size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 211: ptr Gents' size, 3/6. Hernstitchel, 4,11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, het- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen.

IRISH MEN COLLARS.

Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars, 56 pfr dozen made speni:d to pattern, 6,5 per dozen. White suiRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9. 4,9, 5/9, and 6/9 ea49l. FISH NAPKINS, 2,16 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4;6 and 513 per dozen. IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS.

2 yards square, 2/11 each. NIIIISERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 4d. per yard. Hrsl Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, I/11 per yai:d SUIII'LICX LINEN, yard wide, 7d per yard. Iluckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen.

IRISH DRESS LINENS FOR:SUMMER AND WEAR. IRISH TIIVEED all Pure Wool. Unsurpassed for strength, Dorat)i;ity, and Style. Please say if for Ladies' or Guts' _ _

===== 0002601_18940428_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
IRISH LINEN

IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN

===== 0002601_18940428_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
IRISH LINEN

IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN

===== 0002601_18940428_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
IRISH LINEN

IRISH LINEN

Patterns Free by Rdurn of Post.

ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. HUTTON & CO., LARNE, BELFAST.

NO STABLE IS COMPLETE IVITHOI:TT

===== 0002601_18940428_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
[LIMAN'S

rou SPRAINS, crass, Awn SPLINTS wuax rORISING. POE OVER-REACHES, CHAPPED HEELS, WIND GALLS( FOR RHECHAI S3l IN HORSES. FOR BORE THROATS AND INFLUZNZI. FOR BROKIEN KNEES, BRUISES, ckrrao NOCICa. FOR BORK SHOULDERS, SORE BACKS. FOR SPRAINS, CUTS, BRUISES 1N poem. You CRAMP IN BIRDS.

" InVepensable in any stable. but especially in its stable ut a Master of Amu:As. " ATM:IV-MON, "blaster of the Bcrwici-shire Hounds"

pLUIVIAN'S ThCAT

ELLIMAN'S U

A.. 4 t qiii-..._,,,f,v--. -.4--,tA, \.9 , tc. - ,:- - y • ioz ' -pj.t 7 • t :. ~ latlcr; tratualr 4 ' . ~, 4. 7/44...."4„, i 1 SLOUCII ili i .it a %;), k,-„,, .) 5 ma [CLIO Wis 1 I ' . ... -_,-........-- fIEMBROCATIO ~ni ....

===== 0002601_18940428_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
IVERSAL EMBROCATI,

WILL CURE YOU

A PERFECT CURE WILKINSON'S SPECIAL ELIXIR

For weakness, loss of flesh and vital power, rest- less sleep, plmples,nervous exhaustion, & ailments arising from early or later-day errors. Address:- 2kl,!.scrs. WILKINSON, Medical Hall, Sheffield.

4/6 THE CASE, BY POST 419.

Li 0 AGENTS :-NIES,RS IiOVICND6N, 91, CITY-

110 AD, who vi I forward by pt

MAUKA.Y zi MARVELLOUS FEMALE ERMEDY W'Oit A i.L (ASTI-Wei lONS and IKREGULAJLI- -1.: stands tiniiv dlr.!. The most F t&bbrii and hope- less o4se4 yield to this extraordinary Med,cine in six hours. Immens- :4410 through:nit the world. Thousands of sufferers, curo.l, Teidimonials Meiitti.ie) with foil Instructions and Advice. accompany each bottle. &tilt post free, under cover, forsL. Ed. MACK...I.T. 104 141011 HOLBORN. London. Ilewarc of Dishonest Imitators.

OF LAWN MOWERS appointed by Royal War-ant Makers to MM. the • Q:a en and His itoy.l Ilighness the Prince of Wales.

( It EKN's YATENT "SI LEM,' NIESS, .....A LAWN MOWERS. WITH I M PROVE I) WHEELS

AND tOLID-LINK §TRItI. CHAINS, AND NIAV MONARCH, Take the lead of all others. and are the first., foremost, and

in the world.

Ihey have 'food the test for upwanis of thirty years. and have carried off INRKY HIGHEST PRIZE which ha been given in al; cas.s of competition. They ere in constant use in all the Royal Gardens. 'I hey s, dist either long or bhort gram, bents. &c., wet or dry.

EVERY ONE S:ENT OUT IS GUARANTEED to give entire ri tlsfactioii. Otherwise It may be returned el once Free of COST to the PURCHASER. They can lowl e f all imsp table Ironmongers and Seeds- inert in the United liinwdom, or dirtct from the mautifadturers. TII0M1,: GREEN AND SON, LIMITED SMITHFIELD IRONWORKS LEEDS, AND SURR RI" WORKS. BLACKFRI IRS ROAD. LONDON, S.B. 5101155. Fai.t t. all the Principal Railway Stations i.i the- United Kingdom. Illustrated Prik:e Lists, uith Testimonials. Free on Appticitiost. Beware of decently° imitations.

N.B.—lie/mins promptly _done at. both our Establishments,

ti;r• the.; trevt,: as wAI as others.

NKIiVOUs DHHILrIT, Losr MANHOOD, YOUTHFUL • t4PIIIII);4NCti, k P.M., to my leztr..' suffering I Gent.eman has obtained a SICLF•OIittH tor NNItVe .6 I' SS. Loss of S'r•MßLit Nil t t.o.rgy. Weakness. Lc. All suff,rersiliuM %% ire ont!.. 1.. r pvtietal ;rm, which will bo forwarele I free. Seod set ad.iresse.l stamped towel° •e, plainly written to MU. itOBRIIT.z. 18. CLAREMoNT SQUAIIE, PIO TONVILLE-ROAD, LONDON. N. (Name Paper)

14S -e 114\ s ro.V. : :••• • . • • 'l•3- t • • . '• • r‘; X X \

• f4fP'PN _ R At,E 1111 H ONLY MAKEIts

===== 0002601_18940428_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
Kayo's

. . BEST • o sdell's • • II FAMILY MEDICINE. WS. They Purify the Blood, and as a Mild hid effectual Aperient are unequalled, and ba. yond this they brace up the nerves and set every organ in healthy action, thus man,e ing complete restoration to perfect healthi They are A CERTAIN CURE for INDIGESTION. CONSTIPATION, BILIOUSNESS, HEADACIEK, DYSPEPSIA, LIVER AND KIDNEY COMPLAINTS. NOlit LADIES OF ALL AGES THEY ARE iNvALII4I2I.I Of all Chemists, 1/11, 2/s„ and 4/6 per box.

'rufl I,E'S PENN IROYAL & STEEL PILLS foz litonsies,-quickly correct all irregularities, rem/Jove an ohs.tritetions, and relieve the distressing symptoms so prem. !mt. with the sex. Boxes is. lid. cud 2s. 9d. of all chemists sent nay wip,reon receipt of 15 or 34 stamps by the maker, 11... V Tow I.E. 011,11135 t, NOttitlvitarn.

WOODS' PATENT GALVAN ISED STEEL Mr' hi u...• 4; h..td,l

With French an.d Persian Pre,tea,is complete.

carry ing ONE TON. .tnt r Wire Itla areas, thi. 9\04.4.11 ;nit IN it ,ter 't- itre(' Zilittrtli Wt it carri, ez?rnly Ht hert,/tn ttte ttse of ..tremses hae tit-en ;hat. ..reteluNt atter ,a tire e. u-as true.. We gi Vb MI tint stretch. If they iii!ace with new one. had fr)n.

O. to prove no v.P Lin 6 years,

THOMAS SI.It'PON. 4.3,110 Rooms. Legh Streot. 71:1!, LU:, a FULD•V. .Luf; Cs .LitEitetLii.tuitiNa EON.

„ Nt,.,..,„ v ..,._Fmach. ,-------,2, .7 oz. • .1 , , ~....1i",•••,..,..,...c1-t,-.lr. t.'-•,..,--..-1-7.---,pliN• k, 1 ; f.,.1,,!..i;:v.t,,,.. .5.,,,i'.:-.•:,:,” t.. ~„ :,,, ! , t' t .),,:i'..1';':,•,':1.:,-"(o*-4 t.„ :.., • .• ,•. ):...,-..;,...;:1„,,,,,,:.,L-00,7.-- ".- 41...00 i .-: ~. ~', . 7.g, s?3:!4k. 4.115:i.t. • :.., 1 I 4, ~..pli.int sga. • fk ; .! ~,,,, -4',Rvadi.,.....,2- . wiu,i, • ttimt. nur. ..c' vi.. v. ill rp, Tn b. '

===== 0002601_18940428_art0123.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_18940428_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
EWE

Itttero to tin Obitor.

[ADVERTISE:Mt:NT.] MB HARROP AND THE WARRINGTON GAS COMMITTEE. HOW GAS CONSUMERS ARE TREATED IN WARRINGTON.

Read the following Correspondence. Ztr. John Harrop, Bridge Street, Warrington, 4th November, 1893. Dear Sir,—The guarantee on gas account havmg expired, we have to request a renewal of same. Your cheque for £5, for which we pay interest at 4 per cent., will meet the case. Kindly give the matter your prompt attention. Yours truly, F. TAYLOR.

Mr. John Llarrop, Bridge Street, Warrington, 12th March, 1894. Dear Sir,—As no notice ha; been taken of our letter 4th November, re deposit LS, you must accept the responsibility of the gas being turned off on Friday next, unless paid. Yours truly,

F. TAYLOR.

18th March, 1891.

Dear Sir,— have been consulted by Mr. John Harrop of Bridge Street,in this town,with reference to his being informed that unless a deposit of £5 be made with you before to-day, the gas would be cut off from his !chop in in Bridge-street. Be objects entirely- to be subjected to annoyance of having to pay a deposit, inasmuch a, be has been informed that none of his wholesale cus- tomers have been requsted to make a deposit, and inas- much as he employs over 500 hands at. his Bury-street Mills, in Stockport, and has branch shops at Stockport, Oldham, Hyde, Rochdale, and other towns, be declines to make any deposit. He, therefore instructs me to a.,lt you to put this letter before your Committee, when I am sure they will come to the conclusion that there is no necessity for the deposit to be made. Yours trult-, Mr. Frederick Taylor. ARTHUR BROWNE. Sec. to the Gas Committee.

Verbal Reply to the Letter of the 16:h inst. The Secretary of the Gas Committee waited on Mr. Browne, and from what transpired then, Mr. Browne was under the impression that nothing further wouhl be heard of the deposit. Imagine our surprise, three weeks afterwards, to receive the following letter : Warrington, 6th April, 1394. Dear Sir,—Your letter of the 16th inst., addressed to the Secretary of the Gas Undertaking, was considered at a meeting of the Gas Committee this nv,rnin!-:, and was by them referred to me. If you will refer to Sec- tion 11 of the Gas Works Clauses Act, 1871, you wit: find that we can require security to be given for gas supplied to any owner or occupier of premises sill hin the limits of supply. lam instructed by the Committee to state, that unless a deposit of £5, or a sufficient secu- rity, be given for the payment of any sum which may become due for gas supplied to your client, the Corpora- tion will ot once discontinue to supply gas to your client's premises on Wednesday next, if the deposit or security is not given in the meantime. YAurs truth-, J. LYON WIIIITLE.

Arthur Browne, Esq., Solicitor. Warrington, 10th April, 1394.

Dear Sir, Harrop and Gas Cotrmittee. I am in receipt of your letter of the 6th inst., anr. have sent same to my client for his instructions. He again instructs me to call your Committee's at? i-at- Lion to the fact that he has shops in Tib Street, a- dilly, and Deansgate, Manchester, and also at St.ockpoit. Oldham Rochdale, Liverpool, El.s cle, ham, and Loudon, and several other places, and t Ili; is the only town where be has ever been asked to to k • a deposit or security for gas supplied to them. He has therefore instructed me to say that he deciin,, to make any such deposir,principaliy on account .1. none of his wholesale customers in Warringt,n requested to do so, who have further advise-A him nit t • make the deposit. lam further instructed to inform you that if yow Committee prceeds to " discontinue " to supply G 1.4 t„o my client's premises, they will prt cQed tf:; do so at htt own risk, and my client will reserve to lisitselt the I'z:lt of not only ti king such procet-klings as let may tie •titled to to take, but also, 1-w lil rcsorvc- to !ciri-e!i t,t‘e right to pubt:sh in the newspipers the whole ,it Ih. c r- respondennce between Messrs. Tayler,yourstAi au IJul - self. ;Yours truly, The Town Clerk.

ARTHUR BROWSE.

Gas Consumed front April, 1892, to january, 1894 157.400 Cu. ft. Amount paid, less ,Discount £26 us. 10 Official Receipts to be seen in the window, 122, Bridge- street. Persons desirous of Signing Petitions protesting atfaini4 the Gas Committee demanding a depot from sotne and not all Consumers, and refusing usual trade references, which in our case are good in Commercial House* for £5OO, call at

HARROP'S, and see the Correspondence, and SIGN THE PEITHON

VACCINATION :-IMMUNITY OF NURSES.

• ----- Sir,—lt is often urged that the immunity which is alleged of the nurses in small-pox hospitals is due and can only be due to their vaccination, But what is this WA read in the third report, of the Lord's Committee on the Metropolitan Hospitals? On page lxii. 345, we find : —The nurses are engaged on a three years' agreement. Their health is said to be good, and not one hts died within the last ten years. Their number is about twenty. And so also in the course of the evidence we have Dr. Hepwood, Resident Medical Officer of the London Fever Hospital, stating, Q. 21645. "Do you know what the mortality amongst nurses has been in the last ten years ? There has been no one who has died." Now, if vaccina- tion, and nothing but vaccination can save the nurses 1 from small-pox, what was it that saved these nutaws so ! completely from allthe various kinds of fever to which they were exposed? The medical authorities, however have never at emo- ted to explain how it is that hundreds of small-pox hos- pital nurses who had repeatedly declined vaccination in the Paris and Dublin Flospitals,no Case of unrevaceinattd small-pox was discovered ; and there are plenty (it small-pox hospital nurses to-day who have never hpen vaccinated and they enjoy a perfect immunity frrun the disease. On the other 'hand, when cases of vaccinated small-pox, occur in sex-all-pox hospital nurses, as they often do,they are always hushed up by the authorities or attributed to any cause other than small-pox. Bat, ef course, there are odd cases that become puhiic property and I find in looking over my vaccination literatur,that during the Leicester small-pox of 1892-93 there were no leas than five nurses and attendants sf the small-pox hospital who had been attacked by small-poa, four hin vaccinated and one successfully revaccinate:l ; wit!, (it these a very bad case died of confluent small-pox. The fact of the matter is that many people are Not sits• ceptible to small-pox, and that in tho=e who would escape under ordinary circumstances, fear We, a a M. at important part in making them suscetv.inte to small-pox and there is no proof that because a nur‘e is vaecin,ltei and does not take small-pox that that vaceinazi,.iu hd produced the insusceptibility or that it thirds the vro- tecting influence. And a nurse in a small-pox h sytal it is scarcely necessary to observe is not aq ordwar: woman., As Mr. William White has conclusively p.,ii,ted out,the selection of a vocation so arduous and ri-pul marks off a smallpox nurse unimpressi,nahle and little apt to catch anything ; she is 'absolutely without far, and if she endures the atmosphere of a scrial;-pwr pital for a fortnight which appears to meta belonv to tile highest exposure possible, she is I:kely to out mite to- endure it. Since the immunity of small-pox hos:.tittd nurses was notorious too before vaccination was intr.,- duced the argument that small-pox host:Ito( r,,tr-,.* do not take small-pox because they are vstrinanai l 4 i reduced to an absurdity.-1 am, yours fa JOSEPH COLLINsON. Front-street, Wolsingham, Co. Durham April 18-h, 1894.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
SOCIALISM.

Sir,—The process of conversion isgoiriti!,.‘ret: very nicely, I think. Mr. Howcroft decliriea to iiefeno th-e present system of landownership ; he has nothie, to e against land nationalization. That of cour,e important part of socialism, and its adoption woul:i strike at the root of individualism. A little more 71./.AP (vide Mr. J. Peers) and th- walls of stumble to the ground as did the walls of Jericho. vidualism does not have a very good testimonial in to? condition of Aliddlesbro's industries, it ,what Howcroft says be true. Everything seems to he to the dogs ; things couldn't be worse tinder ott.i; they would certainly be a great deal bert.er. A I d yet Mr. Howcroft stands up valiantly for indletilualleni ju his way. Change the conditions,and intinstries wotihl 1* worked more economicalls (that is a considerat will appeal to Mr. Bowen:A.o since under the.Socialiarie regime there would be no waste of weal: h in putting lip useless machinery and buildings, which is what poor Illiddlesbro' is evidently suffering from. Poor Middles- bro ! It is a well-known fact in dorneWie economy that the family can exist much more cheaple that the individual. Each individual setrarately would require separate articles and means to minister to his ram tort. It is the same in manufacturinv. Every individual manufacturer has to fight his rival ; wealth is r: golfed to be sunk that under socialism would be saved. Useless buildings, unnecessary machinery, an 11:1t1+.t'S- sary number of officials ; and of persons who. tatioui, indispensable now, would nit be reiptired in their present capacity, but who in the Socialistic state Wt./11H be engaged in productive work. Individualism means a loss of national wealth,beca use it involves wasted etterey. the multiplication of barriers and the keeping uo of an industrial or professional army sir men to vuerit against cunning, craftiness, plunder, and the multi- plication of weapons with which to fight each other in the industrial war. And the worker has to pay for it all. Really your correspondint ought to know bdtter than to point to Middleshro' failures, 34 311 argument against Socialism, when a eery little elf :rt at thinking must prove to him that thy are the products of the system he defends. In a previous letter I showed that the tentlenu was

more and more towards industrial combination as evi- denced on the increasing number of companies. I showed that this was the socialistic trend. But a rail- way is no more a socialistie concern than number 2is number 10. But number 2is nearer number 10 than is 1 number 1. Railways like the post office must come under State coLtfol and ownership. Nothing less will satisfy the Socialist. No, no Mr. T. Y. H. the potato story won't do even in its revised fore). The whole thing is so gmtesque that I roust decline to waste any more time upon it, and I think we had het r, also, clear the ground of the " work •r of the midole ages." You won't have my authorities, and von won't give any yourself, so that it is useless to pursue the niater further. Remember, I merds• produced med.:rival man to controvert a state- tnent ofs iiurs that the worker was never in a better condition. Well, he ought to los if he isn't, hut assum- ing f,.r ato orient thAt he is, which of course requires proof before it can he aceopted, that is no argument against Sonia :tam. purpose Mr. flowcrott hopes to serve hi this controversy- by comparing the present condition of this nountry with that et the beginning of the century I r]OtA-10,...c. '1 he onnd.tion is better now t han it was t'o'n. Wh.‘t of tlnat ? Did Socialism exist in this country a' the b-ginniri, of the century ? If sot, wherein lies the relevancy ~t the arniment. The condi- tion ci thoworltinz people, the people who produce the WPalt t. vnis no b.--tter iT materially than the slaves of Ezypt, who wore exl.eao,l to make bricks without straw. For this compaiison I am indebted to a recent sermon pri-aelied by Rev. Stopford Brooke. ‘Vith referNlN. to tl.e r,,ward of ability and the motives firex.ernising it,it would seem our friend of Middlesbro' Ins io low an estimate of human nature that nothing is &Tie nor c:lit he done unless there is money at the bottom of it. Of noisNa a man's first duty is to supply his needs, hot larantee the satiFfaction of his rcasonalgle require- tn.rit s, and he works from other motivea than the desire to pit, up money. An.l those motives would be quite AS stimolating and as strong as that of avarice. Does Eli- On continne Ws inventing now for the sake of the mini yhe gets from it ? Ncit it bit 4 it. He says him- self lie I k-s it. He may, if Mr. ILexcroft won't accept that,have an ambition to pass down to posterity as a man of ruworfat brain—a great inventor. He would prefer to be ;mown a man of science rather than a money- grabber. Sr wot:4l I. And so would you Mr. Howcraft. And vet • we'are told th .t everything is done for pro- fit. Oainsbormigh,P.acon, Barry, Maclise, Opie, Romney, 13-rijamin Woc, Northcote, Jackson, Etty, Rey- nolds, WOAOTI, Ale, Lawrence, Furrier, Flaxman, Bird, Martin, Wright. Gilpin. Cliantry, David Cox, Stanfield, and Roherts achieved distinction as artists, and though some ach.eved wealth, yet says Smilea (whose philo- nophy we mac not all Ins inclined to endorse, though we maw his Ia"ZS.) tbi.s was rarely, if ever, their ruling motive. Indeed no mere love of money could sustain the efforts of the artist in his early career of self-Jenial and anelicatien." No it is seine stronger motive. And yet we are told that everything is done for profit ! Was the mrtive of Li vinastone's travelling in Africa culminat- ing in his among a heathen population due to a desire to tri,rie tn • ney ? The idea is absurd. These are in-tsnces that could be followed by an; number of , 0th,1%,, Arid these are possible even in conditions which • foster selfishness ; 'their number would be multiplied under ryinre favourable conditions. _ _

In a rrevious letter I gave an " illustration of Mr. flower-Ws individualism " to be found in a farm of 100 arrns trJ-:ich hrmgli, Zan a year to the landlord, £lBO 14rmer ano 15:. a week to two labourers. - Mr. hat t- 'd his farmer friends, that it was an ws,nne- known to 'a-aeons:Arad of an"illustralon" of his itolivid.talism. Ido not know of a farm which is produring jirst that amount and distributed exactly in the re-oportion stated, but I have a brother-in-law who is a farn,er cultivating a smaller acreage, and those fl7ore- has,A upon knowledge gained in conversa- ti., ito him. I ,i9s-rt that the illustration is a typical iostance,and cat I.k Mr. Flowcroft's potato story which idostrates n,thinp; except his own folly. Mr. T Y U. says the majority of inventors would have A-ithout money. %Veil, I have mentioned a rail shove who have risen without it, and if these arc gr, .otlicient h- can have a lot more. I admit there in which money would come in useful and that r. t. of it f.as resulted in the delay or 1:159 as Mr. T. it That is one of the arguments of the Sonia- -1..,1 I not tqty in a former letter that present con- .l**• a poor man to think only how he may sitoport, hislire ? lb it he had no time for any- ? and that therefore the opportunity. which Mr. IT,eat a, makfs men of genius is practically denied to him. Mr. flowcrort says we should have had no Darn in is we know him had he tviit Possessed money. . But under s,,,ialkm we should. Mr.Flowcroft is assum- ing flirt eminlitions would remain as they are. Socialism wonia r, cognise ~nd develop men of genius, flow much get,ins, tow much trio, how many inventions, how many tiimn,...s of .heautv are list to us by the system whiriy "Mr. If. defends ! Social slavery paralyss the Oeshe to straw.le, as luxury enervates the mind and body. In each the conditions are had, anti Socialism would al.er both. A man cannot make a for- , tune by his own unassisted ettnls, and neither can it be rriai,ta:ne.t lt,rWard% except by the labour of the work.rf. If thert-fore this fortune enables himself or anti lyr to eaPreilo his abilities, the results accruing from ft tt t.xercise are du c.o the community, for the comeouroty has fed him, clothed him,sheltered hitmpro- vided Jim 4';'/1 education and the means of pursuing If the community lad refused to do these f:pr him he would have been cornpePed to do thorn if, and his work would have been retarded, or pe,f,aps no:: done at all. Yet the worker who sup- plies him with necesoaries of life is treated as an out- c.i,t, sn,l /le nil at, admonished, and exhorted to be r if he had come into the world too Arter i e his hi at for the common good, hi,; e,rs are passed in a miserable fashion in th. iii t,t. of ." national prosperity "—poverty on one ▪ on the other ; weakness here, power ry Xido with Itappinpss, slums on one prat, t-ur en the other, exhausting labour and care- -1-54 epj ov-rloaded stomachs and hollow-eyed • and luxury, despair, suicide, and toed r ,r. Sach are the results of our present sea' e, I lilt hp dawn is breaking over the hid tops. S;!all CG:TaIb!Z , COMMON JUSI ICE.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
43. S ON GAMES A-SD AT

1'117(.411Y FOOTBALL

.• Fo,i4 %ca mr'uten on th- foct urn wili Warrington and doa.o..ot+olt in..:ers on S tttc.day, for it was practi- ,,,n, ‘l., sinalt g Lto" which Oi.e aran-b. t appar,q. tir of caro!Ps•n;-ss %Ouch ri rv.t r he actions ot rho piav,rs, detLiv,s raeJ rho la 4 t 0...! on a, tv f,l r:rDt a i• t resp,te froth the proia-1 in:4." The tcam ‘Varrine,on fikisdkr t • it;lVe ,tlitore(l WaA .Mossiey, but as ttti,. Ia a •A'"!•',3 ao..!‘) " bur-4t up," WirriiNton pt.“... on ral.,zers, •a•Ito had also been di.a,po- poiot,-1 .4: !r.r11,4 With ft:Oita x who were bit,ily ,T;q iv{ lag Yo• li4ltire Cop. 11.-)Viev,r, the s ,%o•- att-Jtt-tio4 Ir al- the club's ,tidden derni,e. rtle. ;,."4. 14, 1 t,,m rit' Cortina tea•to has twen ii„. vi!y,"irr it tvt,tl pia) e!'s with too inn 'b- vni i 4 money with too many in the. to- 111 St :Pa Mg are just begitlitt:l4 (0 fed their t tvt. LIS SAF —IA .1.11

The 0,,,• • S•torday does twit ref-4re moil] ur;ti- loroly won tc ne po;ot and tr.f,ir 1:14, the. tip' Banl, ro W 324 ITl4.ltirf•reiltlV god. ar 1,4,k r t!pe first tinp! !or m:tny iw 4 hoo.te alt I s'Anued a zreat ti!‘:-tl of the oil P .pritt .vas wo,:t jilt° n;tt- bnrAool 4#l,),tt,r, in tie- tr.a Cilf 4t last ~easoii.

.......^ -,--

ss•-eson ng ....noir. -has rfrst been without en- ;iii tant th results are 11V .re eoell have expe:terl it U./ corn- -11.-i' 11),It ,•141 nvitehes Wit% est 2D hare been en I. t arid thr.-e draws.. he teams hi-a' en Tt4cre:4 tin.), Widei.A, Tai,Mey, s,.boot,Misieliosts.r ItangsA.„ B is row, !1,.,. tl orb,' ICenJal liorne!s, Brolioitoti Ilai.getts, Wu:dm, Moseley, Swinton, So.-'sport and Lancaster. In retort' they wrre d o:dhain, Broughton Rangers, Z.Stoi k- L•sneas'er, M:sticheq-r, Widnes, and St I -s , rJeiessts.

• vritifyinq cArt nt tho scasnn's work is.un- •lv it ! I ,3 the I,!tneashire Cup Com- p d the third pl.ic•. tow,- oeovh the first three or four matches, rx :,t); ,tych eliara,tterized them a r-er wards, it :10.1', Wart ii•to woo!ti /13 ve had the .of Ow cop for arli.th,.r yes r. •ie. k " tnitst hope, it N. 4 ! mush hope tna,, cven it r- meteroihitid Lid• for the cu wilt bt7. niad.• _

- 1114 ben notAbi!‘ for several changos it of the t' in. Several oh p!ayers, Turner have retired as plal,rin;.! in r-, hll won intro.:lll,Pd recruits trona ti stiiii,Uencly demon- g. inol i tiv cnd, is by no me 4TM •t, e.t. I'l alit I Tile most notewortliv ot h • r • r..v,,N r • , Broady, and Carey, all quit*. o it,e,•, 7. re. ti oil I ,C,114,( I or playcrs ; ;;li;er I,uilt, hot possossing scient,fie apt- ;.• The irinst important ;lees aro was called in to fill I I), rii 1101 tt4eit which 13..re0w last season had .40,4 -iii.

cscELLAsr.ou.

e!..etioo ,‘f thriortiso t am for the Inter- ': t+ march E.,igland and S.,:ot!and tool( s,r,!at• cve in, several changes have tak-m pl;:co in tr.o i inee first pnhlished. Mears. Adani:vo,. M.1,•e1,:a.”, and Reid intimated, much to the rel..!ret of the c,,m;ntttee. that they would be unatle to take n,irt ti t.o. contest. 0 her tour representatives— Mes=r,, Moirkirk ; J. linbin.;on, G!aigow; J. 11. Wilson. 1-rt-it*ck ;and J. WylPe, Glasgow—were n•-nOnated by yar,ous members of the the committee. Mr. F. Dunne, thf. champion of Warrington, his been tvi ono if the aig'i,h team.

WARRINGTON POLICE COURT AND PRISON GATE MISSION. ANNUAL MEETING :—THE RECTOR AND THE BREWERS. In the Council Chamber of the Town Hall on Wednesday afternoon, the annual meeting of the Warrington Police Court and Prison Gate Mission was held. There was a very small attendance. Alderman Francomb presided and was supported by the Rector (Rev. F. W. Willis) and the Rev. J. Hirst, the diocesan secretary of the Mission. The CHAIRMAN in opening the proceedings said that he was not surprised to see such a small attendance,because in Warrington they were not used to holding meetings iri the middle of the day. He was quite sure that the institution in connection with which they had met, was doing a most useful work. He had the honour—and be s f ten thought the misfortune—of being a magistrate for some seven or eight years aed he had seen some very painful cases in his experience on the Bench. He thought it was of very little use for the Bench to lecture the people who came before them as a rule they only required to get out of the court, and would often assume either a callous air or one of bravado. This, however, soon disappeared when they were no longer before the peblic ; when they were in conversation with the Missionare, Mr. Taylor, and accepting the assistance or advice which he offered. He had often been extremely pleased to see the signs which passed between Mr. Taylor and the police, and often between the prisoners, for it showed hew earnest and genuine were the efforts which were being made to alleviate the vices and conse- quent sufferings which the poor were subject to. At one time lie remembered Warrington became quite notorious, chiefly through one of the Liverpool papers, for "rows" emote,' young women. At that time they were troubled with about 12 young women of a reckless character,who were no sooner out of prison than they were in again. These people no longer troubled the Bench, and this was almost wholly due to the inflteence of the Missionary. The Rev. F. W. WILLIS in addressing the meeting said there was no doubt that drink was the gteat cause of the crime and misery which they saw around them, Remedies were necessary, hut he objected to the remedy generally advocated, namely the abolition of drink. As far as he was concerned—and he wished to speak his mind—if he thought the drink traffic was wrong he would have nothing whatever to do with it ; but he did riot think it wrong. They were accused in the Church of being tongue-tied, and being afraid to discuss the sub- ject. It had been said that the Church was supported by beer, and he had seen in the papers some remarks about donations to the Parish Church being received from local brewers. He did riot deny for a moment the truth of this statement. He was only thankful to acknowledge publicallv and gratefully the help he had received from Sir Gilbert Greenall and Sir Andrew Walker. He would not have accepted a penny from them if he had thought the drink traffic wrong. But he did not think it was wrong, and he therefore was net ashamed to receive the gifts from the brewers. He looked upon the drink trade from the highest view ; he believed that the Bible from beginning to end allowed the moderate use of intoxicating drink. Our Saviour gave it in large quantities, not for religious purposes, hut for enjoyment, and wine was allowed in the Holy Communion. He therefore contended that drink was not \Trams, and he repeated that he was net ashamed of receiving assistance from brewers. He would by no means be prepared to go in for the abolition of the drink traffic. The remedies which he advised were : The re- duction of the number of pulelic houses, the shortening of the hours of sale, the abolition of shop keepers licenses and the restriction of the licensing of clubs. He would even go further and if it could be carried out, prevent. the consuming of drink on the premises in which they were sold, or at any rate, if consumed on the premises only in conjunction with food. If the public houses carried out their true purpose they would combine the sale of drink with the sale of food. There was a great deal of drunkenness caused by people being allowed to drink as much as they pleased in the public house. He also advocated that as many institutions as possible— such as the one with which they were connected—should be formed to prevent the abusive use of intoxicants. Miss BESSIE Durros addressed the meeting, and spoke of the excellent work which the Mission was doing. She was pleased to be connected with such a noble cause, and she was aware of the Christian work !which ,the Missionary was doing in Warrington. Mr. H. TAYLOR, Police Court Missionary,in the course of his remarks upon the work done in Warrington, read a number of letters from reformed offenders, speaking of the benefits they had derived from the advice and hells given them on timely occasions by the missionary. Although he did not take the credit of the chancel to him- he could assure the meeting that the sort of offenders referred to by the Chairman, who had troubled the Bench regularly, were now unheard of in the Police Court. The meeting was afterwards addressed by the Rev. J. Hirst, and concluded with the usual votes of thanks.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER; SATURDAY, APRIL 2B, 1894

===== 0002601_18940428_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
BELSBY.

-- -- THE FATAL RAILWAY ACCIDENT.—Mr. H. Churton, coroner, held the inquest on the body of Joseph Light- foot, aged 36, platelayer, who was accidently killed at He!shy on Thursday, the 19li inst. by being knocked down and run over by a goods train. The evidence adduced showed that the deceased was at work, with other men, on the line near Helsby station at 6.30 in the morning. He was standing on the line from Warrington to Chester when seeing a goods train approaching he stepped upon a siding. At the time an engine was shunting some waggons upon the siding, and by these he was knocked down and run over. His left leg arid arm were cut off and serious injury was done to his right leg. Dr. Bryant speedily attended him but at 8.30 the man died.—The jury returned a verdict of "Acci- dental Death."—The remains of the deceased man were interred on Saturday afternoon in the burial ground attached to the Efelsbv Church in the presence of a large number of villagers, who had been personally acquainted with the unfortunate young man during his life-time. Many expressions qf sympathy on behalf of the bereaved aged mother who, by the death of her son, has been deprived of the only means of support. A number of railway employes carried the coffin to the grave, the procession being headed by the members of the local lodge of the Ancient Order of Druids. Numerous floral tributes were laid upon the TEE RATING Or fiEr.,isy.— At the Frodsham Petty Sessions on Wednesday Messrs. C. Reynolds and A. Thomas sanctioned the kruy of 11d. in the £ as a new poor rate for the lnwn.hip. MI:, amount is estimated to be equivalact to £343 10s. during the year. EXTENSICN OF THE NATIONAL SCHOOLS.

An interesting event in the history of Helsby took ()lace on Saturday afternoon last when Mr. James Reynolds, J.P. performed the important ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the proposed addition to the National Schools. The improvements which the schools are undergoing are very extensive, and consist of the erection of a new infants' schoolroom ; the con. version of the master's house into class rooms. New offices are being supplied, playgrounds for boys and girls (given by the Marquis of Cholmondeley) are being pre- pared, and the drainage of the whole building to be im- proved. These alterations are all being carried out in accordance with the requirements of the Educational Department and are estimated to cost £BOO. The sum of £550 has already been subscribed towards the cost, the foil wing donations having been received :—Mr. J. B..ynolds J.P., the Telegraph Works Company, the Dio- eesee Society and the Misses Wright, £5O each ; the Joint Lines, and Miss Garrett, £25 each ; Mr. Hayes,the Quarry Works, and the National Society for the Spread of Education, £2O each. Mr. Samuel Davies, M.S.A., of Frocisham, has designed the improvements and his plans have been approved. Mr. John Littler, Frodsliam is the contractor for the work. In the afternoon a pro- cession was formed and headed by the Helsby Brass Band marched through the village to the church where a service was conducted and a brief address delivered by the Yen. Archdeacon Barber. Subsequently the congre- gation repaired to the school where the stone-laying was performed by Mr. J. Reynolds amidst a large number of interested onlookers. Amongst those present being the Venerable Archdeacon B Artier (Caester), the Revs. W.T. Vale (vicar of Helsby), 11. B. I3logg (vicar of Frodsham), F. S. Banner (Dunham-o'th-Hill), D. Charley (vicar of Ice), W. S. M. Bennett (Chester) ; Colonel Ashton (Frodshanr, Messrs. H. Tiley, S. Davies (Frorishane), Lowe, J. Jeffs, Thomas Tudor (churchwardens), William Mc Walters, John J.Garner (sidesmen),and Hill. A silver trowel bearing an inscription commemorative of the event was presented by the Rev. W. T. Vale, on behalf of Mr. Samuel Davies, the architect to Mr. Reynolds. In making the presentation,the rev. gentleman said that the extension would provide accommodation for 115 extra scholars. Mr. Reynolds had assisted them nobly in every good work they had taken in hand, and they all hoped that the warm weather might have the effect of etrenethening him constitutionally and that he would be spared for many years to came. Mr. J. Reynolds having declared the corner stone " well and truly laid," the Vev. Archdeacon Barber addressed the gathering at some considerable length. He expressed a hope that they would remember the advise given by the Bishop of Gloucester a few month.; ago and "Stick to their Church schools."—Upon the motion of the Rev. H. B. Bloeg, a le arty vote of thanks wa4 accorded the Yen. Archdeacon Barber and Mr. James Reynolds for the part they had taken in the proceedings that afternoon.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. JABEZ BALFOUR.

It seems almost certain that Mr. Jabez Spencer Bal- four will this time escape the hands of justice. The Argentine judge, to say the least, did not take kindly to the British demand. Jabez has plenty of cash, and now that he is released from prison on the ground of " ill- h6alth" he has lost all his proverbial sharpness if he does not make a complete escape of it. There may still be a chance for the relisation of Mr. Stead's dream that Jabez may yet turn over a new leaf through the influence of the Salvation Army at Buenos Ayres. Unlikely dream to come true, though.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
RATEPAYERS MEETING AT HAYDOCK.

THE QUESTION OF WARDS.

A very large meeting of the ratepayers and house- holders in Ilsy,lock township was held in the Col- liery Schools, llaydock on Wednesday evening to take into consideration and decide upon the ques- tion of dividing the townships into wards. 31 r. T. D. Grimlte-Drayton presided, and he was supported, on the platform by Mr. Charnock (solicitor) and the members of the Haydock Local Board. Mr. J. Matthews read the notice convening the meeting after which

The Chairman apologised for the absence of the Law Clerk, Mr. Ellis, who unfortunately had been kept in town, but he had asked Mr. Char-flock to attend the meeting, and if there was any legal advice they waned they would get it from him. It was common know- ledge with all of them that under the new bill which had been passed, that the townships of Havdock would no longer have a Local Board. .le, would be divided and made into a District Council. In this case, it was considered desirable it should tie divided into wards, and if they adopted that now, it would save ex- pense. They would have seen by the papers that while the greater majority of the Local Board were strongly in favour of dividing the district into three wards with three members to each ward, some other members of the Board, objected to that, and said they wanted 12 mem- bers., So far as his personal experience was concerned, he must confess that he never found a committee work worse for being small. To his mind one great thing why nine members would be better than twelve was because it was almost impossible in years gone by to get a quorum. If they had twelve members the quorum would have to be made larger. What they were there for was to express a wish whether they would have the township divided into three wards or four. To divide it into three was comparatively easy, but to divide it into four, would perplex the committee very greatly indeed. He had not the least doubt the committee which was appointed to go into the question had done their very best, but Haydock did not seem to be made natur- ally for four 'wards, and they had not been very success- ful in their report, but he thought if any others in that ,room had had the task they would not have done any better.—(Hear, hear).—The next thing they had to de- cide was, if they said they would have three wards, whether they would have three members to each ward. or four to each ward. If they wanted any further in- formation he would do his beet to give it--(Applauee). Dr. Dowline, asked if they could have the township divided into :5 wards if neces.eary, and would it net he quite legal to have 15 .nernbers. ' The Chairman : Yes.

Mr. J. Pilling said at the meetings of the Board,whic.ll had been held, they came to the conclusion that they would ask for 12 members, and three wards, which was to be submitted to that meeting, and what they decided the ask he meeting was, whether they would have 9 or 12 members. He thought there was great interest over having 12 members. (Hear, bear.) Mr. Bradshaw moved "That application be in tde to the County Council to divide this township into 3 wards. and 4 members for each ward,and one gal rdiaa for each ward."—The population was now sotnevitere over 7,000, se that if it was necessary to have 9 tnembers, 12 years ago, it was quite necessary to increase it to 12 now. He thought that would be in keeping with the neighbour ing townships, and cited Ciolborne, and Billinze as examples. He did not think they would be asking for anything extravnant in asking for 12 members. (Applause.) Mr. J. Norcross seconded. Mr. J. Walden moved an amendment "that they have 3 wards, with 3 members, and one guardian for each ward." He said the smaller the committees, the better the work would be done , and the better chance there would be of having a quorum, In most of the large Boards, as far as he could see a great deal of work was given out to committees, a sanitary, ward, and finance committee, who would talk over the matters in hand. and submit them to a general committee as a whole, by whom they were gone into again, and if objections were raised to what had been done on the other committees ;I was reported back to them. When there were only 9 members on the Board, most of the committees had al the members on them, and the consevence was •the business would be done in a shorer .pace of time.—l, they had less membura they would get far better men on the Board. (Applause.) Mr. P. Rainford seconded the amendment.

In answer to Mr. Billinge, the Chairman extAained the boundaries of the three wards, and _

Mr. Pilling sta•ed th y found great tit fficelty in mak- ing it into four wards, as they could not get the o. fel- lation equal. He said, in the three wards the population would be practically equal. The Chairman read a statement showing the number of votes in each ward. East ward 383, Central 359, West 444. The only difficulty about those wards was he was afraid when the County Council came to look at it, they would object to the East and Central wards as they stood, and say thew ought to have a smaller population. as that was where the most building would take place ("question"), and the East ward would be next. 'lh- Board were unanimous in thinking that was the best- arrangement that could be made. The rateable value was East ward £8,426; Central £9,435; and West ward £2,755. Rey. J. H. Ridette asked whether there was any reason to suppose that the County Council would sanction a seheme providing for four members per ward. To make it very char, he would ask whether the question had been put. in any form whatever to the County Council, because it was useless for anyone there to vote for Mr. Bradshaw's motion, if they were going to ask for some- thing which was a foregone conclusion. The Chairman said Mr. Matthews told him that the Clerk to the County Council had said that he supposed the Council would pass four menThers to each ward. Rev. J. H. Ridette read a letter he had received from the Clerk to the County Council, saving that four mem- bers to each of three wards could be proposed, but whether the County Council would pass this or not he could not say. An inquiry would have to be held and the matter fully gone into. He wanted to see a scheme providing for 12 members, and in his opinion, no scheme wculd be satisfactory unless it provided for 12 members. Ile drew comparisions between Golberne and Flaydock, in respect to the population and rateable value. He thought the affairs of the township could be looked after better, if they had more members ; they certainly could not be looked after worse. If they had 12 members, there would he 12 people obliged by their offieitil respon- sibilities to see that things were tolexa.bly well managed. (Applause.) The Chairman said if they agreed with Mr. Ridette he would strongly advise them not to put any of the old members of the Haydock Local Board on the Council, as if they could not manage matters beVer than they do now, they should not be put there. (Hear, hear.) Dr. Dowling supported the resolution, providing they got a guarantee that such a thing was possible. From what Mr. Ridette had said, there seemed some sort of a doubt as to whether they could bave four members in each ward. He thought if there was any doubt about the matter, they ought to give the 12 members the bene- fit, and divide the district into four wards. He was strongly in favour of 12 .members ; they had seen what 9 members could do, how capable they were of doing a lot of mischief. (Laughter.) Mr. Taylor was in favour of 9 members. The amendment was then put to the meeting, and defeated by a large majority. The Chairman said the epinion of the meeting was undoubtedly in favour of 12 members, and he would de his utmost to carry out their wishes, fie asked, me Bradshaw whether he was going to stand by his motion, or withdraw it. Mr. Bradshaw pressed his motion, which on being put to the meeting was unanimously carried. A vote of thanks to the Chairman concluded the meeting.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
VESTRY MEETING AT HAYDOCK.

The adjourned vestry meeting .ot St. Jfimp,' Church and St. Alban's Mission (nape' was brio in the Church schoolroom, Haydock, on Thursday evening. The Rev. C. M. Bowden, vicar, presided and there were present Rev. J. Andrews (curate), Messrs. A. Evans, E. Jackson,liradshaw, Matthews, and others. The accounts of St. James' and St. Alban's were read by Mr. E. Jackson, and showed an adverse halience of over £33, which had been caused by the thnbers of St. James' Church having to be thoroughly overhauled, in consequence of them shrinking. The accounts were adopted. Votes of thanks to the choir, lay reader (Mr. Walden) and the auditors were accorded.—The Rev. J. Andrews said St. Alhan's during the past 12 months had more than paid its way. He thought that was Ihe first time in its history that it had done iio+. The debt that had accumulated upan it was extended over 14 or 15 years. The work would be very much quickened, if those who were at St. Alnail s were allowed to have a voice in the management of ! it. He was perfectly well aware he shaula be I told that they had a voice through their representa- tive amongst the sidesenee, but they were giving a voAry great handle to people in Black brook to complain, when, out of two wardens, and eight sidesmen, only one lived in Illackbrook. What he suggested was that St. Albaee might be allowed to manage her own affairs subject te a I committee including the Vicar, himself, the two church- wardens, and five men to be elected by the conereeatien who assembled Sunday after Sunday at S. Albans. He would move "that the affairs of St. Albans be managed by a committee consisting of the vicar. curate, chtitafe-1 wardens, and five men elected from St. Albans, as a , temporary ,arraneement for 12 months."—Mr. W. 1 Holland seconded ate motion, which, after some further discussion, was put to the meeting and carried.—Mr. A. Evans suggested that the organist at St. Albans should have a fixed salary.—The Vicar said that would he. a matter for committee. A vote of thanks to the organist and choir of St. Mbions for their services was accorded, and after a similar compliment had been paid to the Chi • man the meeting terminated.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SHIP CANAL.

TIDE TABLE. Time of higii water arid approximate death of water nver access euinopi to Ship Canal outside the Eastham L ,eks up to May 3, 1894 :

Morning Evening High Dew hot High Depth of water water water water b.m. ft. in. h.tn. ft.. in. Satur lay. April 28 ...... 4 41 ... 25 2 Sunday, April 29 6 6 24 8 Monday, April 33 73i 25 5 Tuesday, May 1 839 26 10 t.-Vennes.lay, May 2 ...... 9 23 ... 28 8 'Thursday, May 3 ......... 10 6 ... 30 6 lO 24 ... 31 3 ARRIVALS. Passed inwards through Eastham Locks from 4 p.m. Sunday, April 2 to 4 p.m. Thursday. April 25, not Including tugs, cargo barges, and passenger steamers. same of Vessel From For Cargo Edit h :long'ns... ...... 1,..nd0n ...... ~.. Manchester ..... ..General Manx \laid e ......... Doughts .......... Mancheiter...Scrap iron ITarve.t s ............... lilverA m ...... E lesmere Port... Pig iron Hannah Beckett 8... Du idon ...... ... Ellesmere Port... Pig iron Marcaret $ Pioneer s Dr nam ic a ......... Beltaq Manchest,r.... General Holme Forth a ...... Belfast Weston Point... Light M lie .................. Itoaario Eastham s London Helvetia s ........... . Penmaetirnawr Manchester •:etta Whirrilsrel a .... ...... Antw-ro Manchester General Royal Prince s ...... Liyeraool Manchester .l'o lead Seal a .................. Glasgow Lady Kte s ......... Piel Princess Louise 8 ... Leith Manclsestar General Crotthead 4 .... ...... Douglas Berwick s ............ SINNIISP;I. Microphone John and William Piet Patrician 'lyit ement It Wes ern Point Blue Clay *For Menit,,rranean ports. - DEPARTURES. Passel outwards though Lastham Loeks from 4 p.m. Mon- day, April 23. to 4 p.m. Thursday. April 26th not including tugs, cargo barges and passenger steamers. Name of Vessel Pram For Cargo Hare 1 a Princess Sophia s Manchester Bi'rern a Lamprey a Ow in Tudor Wa,ton Point... Workingion... Purple ore Heirs s Earry Burt a - fill mars Port Duddon Minsk a St Margaret a Rilestnere Port Garston Margaret a Ellesmere Port Liverpool Light Chantrey a Mancheeer ... Brazil ...... .. .. General Holme Forth s ... Weston Point Shetland Salt Hannah Beckett!' Ellesmere Port Llanbedrog ... Light Princess Helenas Manchester ... Glasgow General Ertith Hough a ... Manchester ... Loudon ... General Martin s • Manch-ster Rotterdam Watt Ellesmere Port Cork GOA

===== 0002601_18940428_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
THE QUEEN'S VISIT.

We are, says the "Manchester Guardian" of Tuesday, authorised to state that definite arrangements have now ben made forthe Qilt;en's visit to Manchester on the occasion of the formal opening of the Ship Canal. The Lord Mayor (Mr. Alderman Marshall) has received a comiinuuiction Irmo Sir Henry Ponsonby intimating .that Her Maje?,ty will embark on one of the Royal yachts at [Ham, sail up the canal to Trafford Wharf, and after- wards drive through the city to Exchange Railway Station, on her way to Scotland. This arrangement -- s,tiject, of course, to alterw:ion in minor ma ttero—is, we uno,rstand, definitely fixed. The route to be taken by the Royal party we are net as yet able to state, but there grc,inti for beLeving that Her Majity will take the opportunity of seeing the outside, at any rate, of our municipal palace." As at present arranged, the Queen will receive two addreiiscs—om- from the Lord Mayor and Corporation of Manchester and the other from the Mayor and Corporation of the sister borough of Salford. rrobab:v alvantag wit be taken of the visit to the Town Ftall—whan 11 .r ij.:.sty will see, !or the first time, the memorial to flie Prioce Consort—to pr.t,,ent her with the Manchester address at that stage of tier progress through the city. Tile address from the Corporation of Salford will proki.bly be pres,nited a; the entrance to Exchange Station, which stands within the Salford borou9,ll. The precise date of the visit has not yet been seited, but it will Oe the 21st or 22,ni of May. Arrangemeuts aro being made by the Manches'er c.rooration, and the Ship Canal a othuri;ks for the visit the gieen On lu 23 Id i 1 ti. Her Maje,ay will arrive triam about iif p n two 4,'ciock in the afternoon, and there iy.o on bosrd the Admiralty yacht Enchantress. raft :rd Wharf wid be reached at four o'clock. The Que..n wilt drivi throun the city, awl, after receivin4, .„...Ire,..4es from the Corporation of Manchester and Sal- i'ord, will rievir;: trom Exchang9 Station to Balmoral at five .:'clock. The ntr,ohoster. Sheffield, and Lincoln- ,hire Railway Col,piny have, it •is s,zatmd, been in- s!ructed to carry a special line of railway front the system of the Cheshire Lines Committee to the locks at Irlatn. IMPOR CANT T() TIMBER MERCHANTS.

A circula. has been issued by the MancheAter Ship Canal Company to the effect that owing to some diffi- culty being experienced by timber merchants wh.h char- tering vessels for Mel nchester, the directors have .decided that dui ing 1894. the toll for the use of (ha waterway between Eastham and Manchester win cover lighterage of the timber from alongside sailing ships at Runcorn to Salt port, to alongside the timber wharf in the Manches- ter D...cks. the service of barging the traiiii; from below Runcorn Bridge to the Manchester Docks being paid for I.y the company. This would ena,hle them to charter for Manchester, giving the. option to the shipowners of dis- cuarging in the Ship Canal, below Runcorn Bridge.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
LTON.

Ttut ANNUAL CHOIR SERMONS AT THE WESLEYAN CHl:neg.—The annual sermons on behalf of the Halton Wesleyan Church choir were preached on Sunday morn- ing. and everiin;.; by the Rev. J. Hanby. Special anthems were rendered by the choir, and Miss Clara. Taylor, of he Royal Academy, London, daughter of Mr. S. Taylor Runcorn,sang two solos in a remarkably sweet manner. The amount of the off,-,rtories exceeded £5.

FUNERAL OF A CHURCIICHORISTER.,--On Sunday after- noon, tin re wow buried in the Halton Cemetery, the remains of John Percy Collier, who died at the age of 17 5 ears. The youth was widely known and highly respected for the very consistent Coristian life he led, being eonneeted with most of the religioos organ:zations asseciat-ql ‘vith the church. The service, which was fully choral, was conducteul at the church by the vicar, the Rey. G. D. Wray. The procession which accom- panied bo, vto the cemetery was composed of the rela- tions of the doc-ased, senlars of the Siinday school, members of the Young Women's Bible class, Church Choir, Men's Bible Cl-iss, and many other friends. Tha service at the 4raveside was very impressive, and many expressions of sympathy were to be heard. OPENING OF ST. MARY'S NEW Misl4loN 011uRcif.-011 Wednesday afternoon the mission church of St. Mary's, Halton-road, was formally opened for the first time for the use of divine service, in the presence of a crowded cnegrek•rvion. service, which was of an exception- ally hr;glit and cheerful nature, was conducted by the Rev. G. D. lAtray,Viear of Halton, the lessons being read be tho Rev. S. Wilkinson, Vicar of Thriperley. An inter- esting and extremely instructive address was delivered by the Rev. Canon Maitland Wood, of Runeorn, who based his remarks upon part of the 2.8-11 verse of the second chanter of Philippians : "Holding forth the Word of Life." The service was then continued. Appropeiate hymns were sung,and prayer was offered by the Rev.G. D. Wray. rile blinding measures forty feet long and twenty feet broad, and is capable of seating 180 adults. It has teen erected by the " Wire Wove Water Proof Conlon , Limited, tendon," at a total cost of £250. By the unromitt;ne• exertions of many of the parishioners, the sum of f_23o has already been raised, and the collec- tions of Wednesday's services and the following ones, are expeet,d to considerahty augment the amount in hand. It is probably well known that the church is the outcome of a mission started in June. 1889, at a small corner shop in Sea-lane, Halton-road,but the movemgnt commended itself so favourably to the inhabitants of tics district: (liar very soon iner, ased accommodation was required. Cons,quently a fund was opened.and several baz.tars held, until the promoters felt themselves suffi- ciently sale to commence building. Now that it is com- plete it looks a very snug little erection.and will without A (1.00; supply it long felt want in the district. The mu,ira! r•quirements of the Church are met by a small orT,,e (whien wag cleverly manipulated on Wednesday le: Mr Burial, v) :inch a choir. The interior is well lighted aid ventilted and fitted up with all modern necessaries. ice qitar WAS a. collection of beautiful flowers sent by Lady Brooke. A service was als9 held in the evening when a ty,werftil discourse was &livered by the Rev. S. Wilt iesi.m.

..--....4b..-._.

WIDNES PETTY SESSIONS. Tlll7PSMAY.—ilpforp Lientenarit-Colsmel Gaskell, and Mr.

J. Stone.

DIIIMEENNYSS.--Patti,k Burns, Moss Bank-street, and Ja r-110.s Conitali 41i , Inn-street, was fined for this otrof!cm,

l'acN AND To-m —.Tames Ireland, 14' igh-str Pet. and Thoniis Lep, werp Parn tined 2s. 6d. and crists, or in de- fault awe!) daycs, foe playing pitch wad toss on the high- way tWidnes.

itnsAca O}' Thu PPACH. —For ',his offence Patrick Mc. tkict_libe were bound over to keep the pPa,•,. for three months.

a'ling, their dogs to be at large in- secure!y inozz'ed he following were fined :—James Fmreher, ; W. Henry Farrar, Mill Brow : (I,orze Jones, M4jlr Cron-street ; James Campbell, Nlajor Cr.ts:-e'rvat ; and George Morris, Crow Wood. I):(sEaTiov.—John Grady, 13, Ca roline-street, wan- chario-d wrth deserin.t: his wife and family, but the de- fencia,rit ,trzree.l t pay the costs of the case, whereupon the coarge wa,s withdrawn.

COAL THEFT.—Martha Johnson and Mary Curley,hoth of Par-stroet, wvre chard with stealing, a quantity of enal from West Pank on the 2411 inst. Johnson, who had hen rreviouAs• nonvicted. was sentenced to one month's imprisonm.nt with hard labour, and Curley to eet:ctt (ta.V imprisonment,

===== 0002601_18940428_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
IArI'ESIT NE WS. MR. GLADSTONE.

The" British Medical Journal "says :—Mr. Gladstone's health, which has lately caused considerable uneasiness among his friends, is being gradually restored. The cough no longer troubles him. He eats and sleeps well, and in many ways is better. On Wednesday he was able for the first time lately to join the family party at din- ner. His apparently slow progress is accounted for by the persistence of a symptom which, though not in itself serious, has, as is only natural in a man ot his age,caused some anxiety, and has necessitated rest and perfect quietness. Outing the last few days, however, the trouble appears to have passed away, and hopes are en- tertained that in a day or two he may be able to drive out. As regards the eyes, we believe neither the date nor the place of the proposed operation is yet fixed, but must depend largely on the rate of improvement in his general condition.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COAL TRADE.

A private meeting of the representatives of the Miners' Federation was held in London on Thursday. The ques- tion of the restriction of output was deferred till after the Berlin Congress, which meets next month. Votes of thanks were passed to Mr. Roby,Mr.Cremer,Mr.Pickard, and Mr. Woods for their efforts with regard to the Miners' Eight Hours Bill. It is stated that all the delegates were in favour of a reitriction of output ; but it was con- sidered judicious to await the opinion of the Berlin Con- ference with a view to international action.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

THIMSDAY.-WELSH DISESTABLISHMEN r.

lathe House of Commons on Thursday evening, Mr. ASQUITH, in asking leave to bring in "a bill to terminate the Establishment of the Church of England in Wales and Monmouthshire, and to make provision in respect of the temporalities thereof," said there were a number of parishes belonging to English dioceses which were wholly included geographically in Wales, and, on the other hand,there were a number of parishes belonging to Weleh dioceses which were wholly situated in England. It was proposed to follow the geographical and net the diocesan boundary where the two were not coincident. The date proposed as the date of Disestabluhment was the Ist January, 1896. The right hon. gentleman went at some length into the financial part of the subject and the position of the future Church Representative Body and the Commission which would deal with the tempo- ralities. The Government, he said, proposed to make such provision as would prevent the alienation of and safeguard for every national public purpose the corpus of the property which would pass from the Church to the nation, and that so far as the property was attached to localities and parishes it should in future be applied and enjoyed locally and parochially. All the churches except the cathedrals would, on the application of the Representative Body of the disestab lished Church, be vested by the Commissioners he that- body, subject to all public and private rights. The cathe- drals, the Government thought, ought to be treated as national monuments, but on a request from the Repres- entative Body it would be the duty of the Commissioners to permit them to be continued to be used for the pur- poses of divine service. The parsonage-houses would be handed over to the Representative Body. The die- established church would retain the private benefactors —goirns back to 1703,—which amounted to about £13,000 a year. The burial grounds would be vested in ' the parish councils, district councils, and borough coun- cils, and, subject to.the interests of existing incumbents the glebes would be similarly vested, and the tithe rent would be vested in the County Council. As to existing interests, they proposed that so long as the holder of any benefice or office performed the duties of the office he slsould be entitled to his present emoluments.with the alternative of exchanging his existing interest for a compensation annuity on a lower scale. Curates were aot dealt with, and as to - private patrons compensation was not to exceed one year's emoluments of the benefice. Sir. M. Hicze-Bissca said disendowtnent spelt the fome thing as plunder and sacrilege. This was not a //letter that effected Wales alone ; it vitally affected the Church of England. Sir G. Osborne Morgan advised the sup- porters ef the Church to pausr, befote they rejected the bill, for it was possible they might go turther and fare worse. Mr. ABEL Moires said it was a good bill, and would be welcomed by the people interested. Mr. Addison and Sir R. Webster took part in the debate, which, oa the motion of Mr. LLOYD-GEORGE, was adjourned, Monday being fixect for its resumption.

In the House of Lords the Lord CHANCELLOR moved the second reading of the Law of Inheritance Amend- ment Bill, the main object of which was to provide that the property of intestates should be dealt with in the same manner whether it was real or per4onal. The Duke of Norfolk moved the rejection of the bill,and was supported by the Marquis of Salisbury. The EIJI of Rosebery " warned their Lordships in their own inter- ests not to reject this very m,glerate tneasure." Loot Halsbury said he did nr t regard the bill as of inueli im- portance. Ho believed it was brou4ltt forwarcl to afford an additional cry against the House of Lfirds at the general election. The motion for the second reading was defeated by 63 to 52.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
MUSICAL AND DRAMATIC RECITAL AT WARRINGTON.

A joint recital in which an able elocutionist and an equally gifted pianist were associated wits given in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-street,'on Saturday evening before a delighted and numerous audience. The entertainment was promoted by our townsman Mr.T.C.London, now the energetic and popular pas- tor of the new Windsor Congregational Church Sal- ford. The two ladies Miss Florence. Bourne and Mdlle. Szumowska upon whom the whole burden of the evening devo!ved are not unknown to fame in their respective capacities of elocutionist and pianist. But notwithstanding this fact it was pretty clear that the Warrington audience was to a certain extent taken by surprise by the excellence of the perferma,nces of both these accomplished artistes, and after the good impres- sion they have left behind it may he safely predicted that en a return visit they would be enthusiastically welcomed. Mdlle Szurnowska is a pianist whose touch is remarkable alike for its energy and its delicacy. Hot command of technique is indeed so complete as toenil- her to rank as a most apt pupil of her distinguished master the renowned Paderewski. Faultless expression and a high degree of intelligence characterised her in- , terpretaeion of the varied items comprised in the pro- gramme and the audience was loud in the demonstra- tions of its appreciation and approval. Beethoven's Smata in E flat major ; four excerpts from the works o! Chopin ; Nocturne Paderewski, Fileuso, Wagner-Lizt, and Valse Strause-Tausig, form an array of plece<i suffi- ciently deverse in style to try the powers of any virtuoso, and it is no exaggerated compliment to say that Mdlle. e4zumowska proved herself equal to the exigencies of a due interpretation of each and every item. Miss Florence Bourne is a clever actress,as well as an elocutionist. The - intense feeling and dramatic power with which she in- vested some of her recitals reached a climax in Tenny- son's " Rizpah." On the other hand her daintiness and quaintness of style was most appropriately apparent in "The Bob o' Link," " What my Lover said," and " Mony Musk." The audience was highly delighted with this portion of the entertainment, and were often enthusiastic in its tokens of satisfaction. The " Salford Chronicle" in an article on the new Windsor Congregational Church thus refers to Mr. Len- don :—" Up to recent years the Church had not attained any nsrticular degree of prominence, and it was not un- til the ministry of Mr. T. C. London, its present pastel', that any serious elfcrt seems to ha ve been put forth to lift it from the well-worn conventional rut. Educated at Liverpool College under Deau Howson, vibe is known as the joint author, with Professor Cony- hearn, of a standard work on "Time Ufe and Epistles of St. Paul." and afterwards under Dr. George Butler, who was made Canon of Winchester, and whose wife, Mrs. Josephine Butler, is distinguished for her social work, Theodore Craig London was called to the church so re- cently as March 1353, and at once assumed the pastor- ate of the Now Windsor flock, in succession to the Rev. William Briddon, who had officiated during the previous four years. He has now, therefore, ent, rod upon his fifth year, and it may safely be hazarded that no minis- ter in Salford is more beloved by his congregation than Mr. London, but his high literary culture and the grati- fying success which has attended his efforts to popularise the Church find recognition among a much wider circle than that in the immediate vicinity of New Windsor. In the pulpit there is nothing of the factious demagogue about his style of oratory, his subjects are treated in a thoroughly up-to-date fashion,and his points are forcibly argued out to their logical conclusion in fi q oiet,yet none the less conviecing manner. Toe New Windsor educa- tional lectures are now firmly a established institution in Salford."

===== 0002601_18940428_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
A HANDSOMELY-DO WERED FOUNDLIN G.

A Shevrsbury correspondent telegraphs :—On luesday afternoon a box was received by the station-master at Preesgweene, between Shrewsbury and Chester, which was found to contain a baby, with a request that he would adopt it. He, however, declined, and handed the box and baby to a signalman,vvho on reaching home and examining the box found in it notes for £2OO. The signalman declares his intention of keeping the child.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTON.

THE NEW Porn t RATE.—The magistrates at the Run- corn Petty SPssion4 on Monday, Messrs. A. Thomas, S. Taylor, and F. J. Norman, affixed their signitures to the new rate for the township, of is. in the £ estimated to realize £364 Els. UV.

===== 0002601_18940428_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
A. LIBERAL CANDIDATE FOR ST.

HELENS. At a full meeting of the executive committee of the St. Helens Liberal Association on Thursday night a letter was read from Councillor John Firster, chairman of the executive committee, who had been invited to become the Liberal candidate for the borough at the next elec- tion, stating that if the Liberal Association as a body were unanimous in' selecting him, he was prepared to place his services at the disposal of the party. The letter was received with great enthusiasm by all present, and it was decided to call a sp.ci tl meeting of all Liberalit next Thursday, and place Mr. ForstAr'S name before There is co doubt Mr. F.,rster will he unanimously adopted, and that a ken fight will take place.

IMPORTANT POSTAL CHANGES AT PARLESTOWN- As the outcome of some correspondence which Dr. Mouncey had with the Postal Authorities HI London, as far back as the Autumn of last year, with regard to the postal arrangements in Earles- town, more particularly having reference to the times for the collection and delivery of letters, all Inspector waited upon him on Thursday, and ex- plained to Dr. Mouncey the changes which the Department proposed to make,and which will come into operation on the first Monday in Niel-. The changes will be seen at a glance to be most impor- tant, to say nothing of the immense convenience§ which will result, and Dr. Menticey deserves the heartiest thanks (ef his fellow townsmen for his efforts. Certain alterations in the structure of the Earlestown Post Office are to be made, and the collection ot letters will be greatly altered. The last post at night is 8 o'clock, this has bees put an hour later, and letters can be posted up to 9 o'clock in the evening. The next co!lection and despatch will be at 5 o'clock in the morning, again at 8.45, 9.55, 11.55 for local deliveries, the letters posted at 11.55 for the town will be delivered at one o'clock. The despatch of letters on Sunday will be put back an hour, and they can be posted 'up to 5.30 p.m., instead of 430. All letters 10 future will be sorted and despatched trom Earles- town in future instead of Newton.—These are most important changes, and the inhabitants will doubt- less profit thereby.

I

P

I

'

===== 0002601_18940428_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
MARKETS.

RUNCORN, SATTIRDAY.—Presh butter is 34 and 03 Oft per lb.; fresh eggs,l4 for Is ; fowl, 3s 6d to Os Od per couple; duck, 6s Od per cow le ; geese Os to id per lb.; tur .eys ~s to 03 Od per lb. ; beef, 8d per lb.; millton, 81d to s per lb. ; pork Cd to Eid per lb. ; lamb Od to Oct per lb. ; v,al Od to 9th per lb. ; potatoes, 5s Od to Os Od per load. Cheese 7ad per lb. WIDNES, SATURDAY.—Fresh butter, Is 4rt and Os Od Per lb.; fresh ergs,l2 for is ; fowls, 3s Od to 1..' per couple ; ducks. Os (Id to Os per couple : geese, . ti per lb. ; beef 71't to 94 Per lb. ; mutton 4,1 to ed Per lb. ; pork, 94 to Crl per lb. ; meal* Sd to 'l'd per lb. ; lamb, Od per lb. ; potatoes per kW!. 5s 64. WARRINGTON MARKET.—WIWNESDAY, APRIL 25Th. FRUIT, VEGETA I*LE I'OUL L Y. BUT•JIERS', AN) FISHMONG MIS' TABLE. s. d. s. o. s. d. s. d Beef, Eng.,,o th 0 54-to 0 9 Melon , each ... 6 0 8 Lamb per Qtr 12 0— 15 0 . Oranges. each 0 o—o 1 Mutton „ Yea! „ „ 0 6—o 9 A :Tient, elcii ) u—o 10 Pork fides . 0 5-t —0 6 C rrots per lb ... 0 0— 0 1 ~ 00r.,d Wli 1,3 pigs„ so 8 6 8 9 Cliciti,l '.,--r. each 0 4 0 6 de,.se .. - 0 2 0 1 F'-'w s V couple 4 6 0 0 Tom does it' lb ' 0— 1 0 Chickens Du,ks „ -'--0 0 Sp mis• Onions 0 0— 0 0 ft slits Hares. each ... 4 6 -O 0 Aspara,u i i.' 1:00 0— 0 0 Pigeons „ . I o—o 0 Potatoes t" laid 30—4 0 Pan'idge brace 4 0— 0 0 New pota'oea „ 0 0 0 8 Grouse,, Pheasan s -0 0 Green Peas ', :i-, 0 0— 0 6 Turke% 0 10-0 0 Green prents tI, 0 3 0 0 Butter, fresh e) 1 4-1 5 B as, kidney rt, 0 2 0 3 Hen e,. gs 15A16 1 0 - 0 0 Porneg.anates... 0 I—o 0 Duck „ Apples 1., Onions „ Grapes ~ ..... ..... 68 0 70 IS l'ineApple each 2 6 3 0 „ good 63 0 —66 0 Greengages ,1 th. 0— 0 4 „ medium. 55 o—6o 0 C. erries „ Strivabl:rries „ 0 0— 0 0 Turbot „ Damsons „ ~ 0 2-- 0 0 S., !mon ~ Plums „ 0 0 —.O 4 Wild. tags Gooseberries,, 0 o—o 0 Pink .s „ Rasp. erries „ 0 0— 0 0 Reis „ „ Black Currants 0 0— 0 0 Soles .. „ Red currants 0 0— 0 0 Sparlings Marrows each 0 0— 0 4 Colligh ~ -0 0 Seakale ~, It. 0 0— 0 0 Mac ,erel each 0 0 0 6 Rhubarb bch 0 5 0 0 II erri-eg lir dozen 1 0-0 0

FLEASR NOTE:

IT A. ROBINSON.. WHOLES ALE MOULDIC IMPORTER AND,

PICTURE FRAME MAKER. HAS REMOVED TO 21. ST. ANNE-TREET, LIVERPOOL: DIRECTLY OPPOSIT, TI:E PLEASE NOTE: H. ROBINSON'S ONLY ADDRESS. 'EITII. TELTJI, T E T

T EETH. PARKINSONS'S ::,:EETII are, at the pric7 UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD. The pnb;ic '1 may rest assured Lthat these 4atements Are. 1. EETH . 3 based on ABSOLI, i is TRUTH, awl perhaps the _ TEETHbest guarantee of this to intending patients fl . that J. 11. PARKINSON has one of tie Largett Dental Practices in England, the outcome 0t rrE ETH. employing the BEST LABOUR, using the BEST MATERIALS obtainable, and charOlg TEETH. the LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. ll_ Any set made, or an)! work done by him, . T EETH. not giving ABSOLUTE SATISFACTION 1" Every Detail will be iromedh,tely correeted. °Z an ENTJIZE NIA? SET made Flißill 0' rr E ETU. CHARGE Thee.e conditions insure the public's satistso' TEETH, tion and recommendation, zxemplified by 21 sets having been inserted for patients durinf TEETH. one year only, directly and indirectly througo the voluntary persuasion net ,i2rl recommendatioo TEETH. of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. Any or aID these patients' names and addresse3, for ref'. TEET, rence, will be given to any would-be patien! .u. personally applying for them. These, Wit' thousands in the past, each recommending the, TEETH . friends, speak volumes for Mr. Parkinson, 1. success, 'll EET ir. His unusually Large Dental Estabilehmell:w. adapted for the COMFORT of Patients, MIT7' TEF;TII. NOT DETER ANY. ALL are WELCOME 1 FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily (mom 9 toL and 2 to 6. TEETH . ABSOLUTELY rAmhss ExinAcTioN. &c., as hitherto, by the aid, of his own toad' TEETH. LIQUID NITROUS OXIDE, of which be n°r, liquefies for sale to dentists nearly 10,000 0, _ TEETH • lons weekly. Patients, have, therefore, in Om speciality also the benefit of his . experience. TE ETH. CLOSED ALL DAY ON FRI'DAYS: TN ETU.

J. 11. PARKINSON, Dentist by Examination, 46, MOSLRY-STRNET, WARRINGTON ON W.Y.IDNESDAYS, at Miss Charles Ladies' Ontfltter, San:toy-a., from 2 to 5 flan.

/liiNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs. Hughes, ( Parson's), Confectioner, 13r r'-t., from 2to NORTHWICE-1. on 'JfT)AY., .it 13, Applemarket-street. ,rom LV 11 to 12 a.m., and Ito p.m.

I

at The Examiner General Printing rarrington.—Printed and Published by Jour( WALICES roc, Works. Bevise)Bt and Published also at The Examiner Offices, Victori4",.7t, WIDNES; High-etreet, RIYNCORN 32, George-streewsiA Helens; and 33, Market-street, EAS.Z.IISTOWN.—Ae 28, 1E94.

.1 I ! , , .. r, A , , , . I , WAI- -,.,. :11 .. 1 ..:, Thon'6s ,

===== 0002601_18940428_art0143.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18940428_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
A. WONDERFUL WATCH." 508. A thoroughly reliable all HAND-MADE SILVER ENG- LISH PATENT LEVER WATCH, capped. jewelled, and *led. with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE, HEAVY SOLID _,I'ILVER HALL-MARKED CASES k , well finished, and spec Luly adapted to fit fiat in the pocket. "FOR FIFTY SIIILL- T This watch is timed ton minute, and will STAND AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that 441.....0LUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION ! A Bona tide ar.itten Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch, .:‘l3 Watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or -,amette glass, at same price. To be obtained only from E. 4 4- RUSTANCR. watchmakers, THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street. Warrington. N.B.—Sent pdst-free to all parts of the United Kingdom on Meetnt of P. 0.0.

PRIMITIVE METHODIST SUNDAY SCHOOL, ANNIVERSAY. On SUNDAY. April 29th, 1894. Three SERA ONS will (0.v.) be preached in the GREFNWAY-ROAD CHAPEL, Morning afermoon and Ever ing b.v the DAVgNPORT, (of Wa'kdett and formerly or this Circuit). Service to commence Morning 10-30, Afternoon 2-30, Evening 6 o'clock. n_litecial Hymns will be sung by the Scholars and Choir. rnEetions at each Service in aid of the School Funds. Yew' vteaence and supi ort are earnestly requested.

EARLESTOWN MAY QUEEN FESTIVAL. The Third ANNUAL CORONATION of the MAY QUEEN Will take place on SATURDAY, MAY 12TH, 1894, AT THE GRAND STAND, NEWTON COIVION. A monster PROCESSION representing various Chsracters 11441 Trades will arade the principal streets at 2-30 pm. PERFORMANCES BY THE CHILDREN. _ IPor particulars see bills.

THE CFLOWNING- OF THE I. MAY QUEEN Will take place ON THE RECREATION GROUND, GOLBORNE, On SATURDAY, MAY sth, 1E94. 1 i GRAND PROCESSION of over 1.200 children represent- Z4l:if crentN Nations Trades, Trand es , adnedthCelaa:lancctrasi ill leave the Itil„E groundsQUEE Na' WILL- an BE CROWNED "...s Maypole Dance. The Gipsy Dance, The Floral Dance, ' e Great UPo Bo Dance. .3 Irjew Dances, New Costtn uoq. and new Characters. PE G ti .CIAL ENGAGEMENT OF LULA. the Great Lady 2_flusast, in her startling performances on the Japanese pole i—l'eli Rope, High Trapese, Descent of Mercury, &c. 114 'our Bands in attendance and will play for dancing until i..,„,,k•—Mr HOLDEN'S "Worlds Fair" will be held on the Em."-Zllad. • and Refre,hrnents provided on the Ground, at reason- Prices, by Mr. TAYLOR, Wheat Sheaf t Hotel, Standish. :11t8.pecial irafris ffona Wigan and Warrini_ton, calling at 4 rtnediate stations. ,41).issi„N to the ground 6d. ; Grand Stand 6d. extra; 'rcles by CAu-,eer's Court, entrance is. each. "Posters for turther particulars. JO3ICIIII SANICEY, Secretary.

WYCLIFFE CnUIUIt, BEWSEY STREET, WARM NGTON. APRIL 29TH, 1894. SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY. PREACHER-THE REV. J. A. MITCHELL, 8.A., OF ST. HELENS. Service at 10-30 and 6-30. COLLECTIONS AT BOTH SERVICES.

WEDDING RINGS.—PURE GUINEA GOLD 22-CARAT WEDDING RINGS. Largest Stock and !Cue in the town or district. Sold by weight from to Frs. LII sizes ant! shapes. imeluding the. Round tr, a1w.,),-s in stock. A handsome present - —coaser. Finger size cards post free. 11. AND A. EUSTANCE, THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. N.B —Strictly Private Room for fitting. E*TABLISH ED, 1864.

i 1 1

1!

I

I

- , UIAIRO-STREET CHAPEL, WARRINGTON. ,* 4 , A GRAND BAZAAR In aid of the SCHOOL EXTENSION, Will be held in the SO-OPERATIVE HALL, SANKEY-STREET, On WEDNESDAY, MAY 2nd, 1894. OPENING CEREMONY AT 2-30 P.M. BY , J. T. BRUINNER, ESQ., M.P. ilk: A BAND will be in attendance, Various other Attractions. ADMISSION: 2-30 to 6, is. ; after 6, 6,1.

IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT. EYESIGHT! • MR. F. NEUBERT, Xeobert and Co., Consulting Optician, Southport). "ENDS at No. 3., SANKEY-STREET, every WI3ENESDAY from 2 p.m. to 8 p.m. to supply "ERECTLY ADAPTED SPECTACLES at MODERATE PRICES. IiEUBERT hns had considerable experience in "sis important Business and will GIVE ADVICE on 447 matter relating to DEFECTIVE VISION and 'a ill TEST the SIGHT FREE OF CHARGE. SPECTACLES AND FOLDERS, PROM 2/6 PER PAIR. Read NEUBERT'S book on Eyesight, Gratis.

CHESHIRE LINES. 441 DAY FESTIVAL AT KNUTSFORD.—Cor- Nneir,°nation of the May Queen, Maypole and Garland +44,--',R. Royal Morris Dancers —On TUESDAY, MAY Ist, T—iets will be castled to Knutsford as under :- -,--- Fares to linutsford • and back. Stationa. Ist I class I 3rd class

Times. , AM.

, --------...____ , ,.., RURAL SANITARY AUTHORITY. I,llti „,, WARRINGTON UNION. , ,Livate Street Works Act, 1892. . ._ cr.r., T Barnard Street do. do. WrightHaleS eetrsetertotff Liverpool Road. do. do. Howard Street do, do. Owen Street do. do. Clare Street do. do. Gate Wharf Street da. do. • ' . ,-CE ie hereby GIVEN, that the Guardians ..I‘llth,°.' the Warrington Union, acting as the Rural Sanitary xle CritY have resolved that the above-named Streets shall Ihmet'velled. Payed, Metalled, Flogged. Channelled, and have ?rod in pursuance of Section 6 of the above Act, and llthliatrther resolved that the specification, plan, and section ...,„kttlao„L,and provist,nal apportionment prepared by the kbus u."-Y-4 Surveyor, In respect of such streets, be approved. 1 1 '-tisienill aPeeification, plan and se d ction, estimate, an 'To- :till aPPortionment, or a duly certified copy thereof. ettrt, PaePosited during one month from the 30th day of ts„itt•x, c ?4. at the offices of the Surveyor, Mr. Wma.im air() Street Chambers. Warrington, such being for 0446pettpose. the office of the Authority, and will be open to tbtairi "at all reasonable times. All inforrnati,-)n may be 'Os ofar horn and inspection given by the said Surveyor, at alkda,_ta aforesaid, and all application thereon may also be ‘0 rheas Clerk of the Authority. SAMUEL SUTTON, . -kw!! Clerk to the said Authority, .eYellambers, Warrin ton 41Pril 26th, 1894. .4 '

FEATHER BEDS. „ Purified BIM FEATHERS, 6d. per -,Rps with PILLOWS and BOLSTER in Strong Linen Ticks of 501 b Bd. per lb. Free on rail. Cash with Orders, Trade supplied. FEATHER BED COMPANY, LONINGTON, SPALDING, LINCOLNSHIRE.

USSEY'S LADIES' SHIRTS AND BLOUSES. ARE THE CIIEAPEST AND LOST STYLISH. ENG LAN D. FANCY LACE :CATIFS, BOWS, TIES. FRILLINGS, FALL NETS, PHOTO-FRAMES, ART POTTERY, FOREIGN FANCIES, &c. SPECIALLY INEXPENSIVE JEWELLERY. 1161 BOLD STREET. LIVERPOOL.

QUEEN'S HOTEL, (late Nag's Head), WARRINGTON. DINNERS. LUNCHEONS AND TEAS. LAURENCE FLOOD. PROPRIETOR.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 ro 40, LUDGrATE TELL. IHOMR COMFORTS. cratAriLiNuss AND QIITIST Central for business or Moulin+.

QOUTHPORT.— SCNNYSIDE 1-11trimo.—physici an 13 Dr. 13ARNARDO. Summer and Win ter Ilesidence. one of the handsomest buildings in t outlmort, centrally situated, replete with every comfort, fine Sea View ; near Parks. Pie-s, Trams, and Golf Links ; Turkish, Vapour, and oilier Baths ; Massage. Galvanism.—Terms moderate.—Proprietor, J. BoococK.

I AM BERT'S FAMILY AND CONI Nt rf,E HOTEL, High-street, Holywell.—A few minutes' walk from the celebrated St. Winefri,ie's Well ; sole right of meeting (with omnibuses or other cfv.veyances) all trains ; three miles drive through a beautiful couniry to the celeb- rated Pantasaph Monastery and Convent; interesting walk by Stations of the Cross to Calvary.—T. LAMBERT, pro- prietor.

TO VISITORS TO LIVEE.POOL. HUG fl ES'S TEMPERANCE COMMERCIAL MOTEL, 18, OLD HAY P.T (One door from st. John's Lane). LIVERPOOL. Close to Lime-st.. Tithebarn-st.. and Central Stations. First-class Bed and Sitting-room accommodation. CHARGES (innluding attendance) is 6d. to 2s. i.er night. BREAKFASTS, DINNERS. TEAS, at moderate Prices.—PARTIES CATERED FOR.

Established 25 years in Manchester REPAIRS. WM. SOMERVILLE AND SONS, MANUFACTURERS OF OUTSIDE SUN BLINDS WITH WOOD AND PATENT SPRING ROLLERS WORKS: 83, BACK PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER.

VIOLINS, VIOLONCELLW3, MANDOLINES, GUITARS. BANJOS. JOHN BYROM. PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Chabot). Strings. Bows, Cases, &c.. of Finest Quality. ARTISTIC REPAIRING- IN ALL ITS BRANCHES AT 37, RENSIIAW-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

T BAKERS AND CONFECTIONERS. GREAT REDUCTION in the Price of TINS and all UT—NSILS in the TRADE. Troughs. c Iles and Weights; Blowers, Chaffers, ard Pipes ; 5i rainers, Trucks, Itid.iles., and Sieves, Peels, and Rod 3 ; Dockers, Scrapers, Barm Cans, Flour Scoopes, Knives, Grease Brushes. Bakehouses and Shops fitted upwith every Utensil in the Trade. Large Stock. .Price Liston application at M. LOWE'S. Bakers' and Confectioners'Tool aryl Utensil Manufacturer. 24, PRESCOT-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

SC ALE S, WEIGUTS, AND WEIGHING MACHINES. CHEAPEST PLACM IN TOWN. SCALES for Butchers, Bakers, Confectioners, Grocers, Provision Dealers, Greengrocers, Fi uiterers, To. acconlets, Fishmongers, Coal Dealers, &c. All stamped. To be sold at less thin Cost Price. M. LOWE'S BAKERS' AND CONFECTIONERS' TOOL AND UTENSIL MANUFACTURE if, 24. PRESCOT-STRERT. LIVERPOOL.

CHIMNEY TOPS! CHIMNEY TOPS. --- Largo Stock always on hand of Wind Guards. Cavity Heads, Cowl and Spiked Tops, Iron Paint Cans. Painters and Builders spPeial-made Galvanised Buckets, Paint Strain- ers, Knotting Bottles. &c. All kinds of Sheet Metal Work done at a Grert Peduction in Price. . AT M. L 0 IV , PAINTERS & BUILDERS"FINMAN. 24. PRESCOT-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

NOTICE TO JOINERS, CARPENTERS, PLUMBERS, 110USEHOLDERS AND OT:-PiAtS. TUOLS (forfeited Pledges).—FOß SALE all kinds of TOOLS, in large or sror.ll quantities. HUGHES BROS., Pawnbrokers, Jewellers Clothiers, Tool Factors, and General Dealers, 116 Awn 120. BIZOWNLOW HILL. LIVNEPOOL. SMALL MACHINERY AND SECOND-17AND TOOLS. BOUGHT BY 111.1 Calli::.: BROS., 116, BROWNLOW HILL, LIVICRPOOL. Te!ephone 5171.

(3(OLD SPECTACLES & EYEGLASSES FROM 15s. 6d. All Repairs done on the PrPrnises. G. AND N. STOKES, 10, CHUR.CH-LANE, By St. Peter's Church. TEN YEARS WORKMAN TO WOOD late ABRAHAMS.

pUPTURES, FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. T. EGGINGTON'S Improved -Effectual TllIlSSfor Cure of Rupture • registered; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works. 7 a 9. Grosvenor-street, Lon- don-road. Manchester.

DAY, SON, AND HEWITI"S "ORIGINAL" AND CELEBRATED LAMBING AND CALVING REMEDIES. THE CHEMICAL EXTRACT. For Anointing alter Calving nu.] Lambing. For Straining ari•-1. Preventug Gangrene. For all Sores, Wounds, and Sw4,l en Udders. For Sore Throats, Strains, and IGieurnatism. Price 23.6 d., 33. 6d., and 73 er B THE RED DRENCH. , For Cieaning after Lambing ana For Hide-bouni. /Led Water, and Ye: lows, For Chills, Fevers, and 1.03 s of Cu') For Prey( nting Milk Fevers an Quarter Price 3s. 6d. per doz. (Ewes); 133. per doz. (Cows). THE GASEOUS FLUID. Caws General De',ility in Stook. Cures Low Condilon. and Hoven or Thotril Cures S our, cr Diar hcea. and Colic, 4r Gripes. Cures Coughs. Colds, and Loss, f Ap elite. Price is. 9d. per bbttl•a; 208. p, r doz 71. THE GASEODYN E. Used as Laud num for Deadening Pain. For Severe Diarrlicea and Influenza For Paining in Bad leaning and Calving. For Inflammatory Colic and Lung Disorders. Price 3s. 6d. per bottle. SPECIAL LAMBING AND CALVING CHESTs, with "KEY To FARRIERY," complete. £3 3A. and £l. 10s. carriage paid, i'aMPUI.s.T ON I k MD- AND CAT. 91,0 DIS.,RDERS, by Mr. T. G 'Hewitt, M.R.C.V.S„ London, Gratis and post tree,- ROYAL ANIMAL MEDICINE MANUFACT3ItY. 22. DORSET-STREET. LONDON, W.

35/_ REVZrfA.RIHO NTR ATE THE 35 T. B. CARDWELL, PRACTICAL WATC FT MAK ER, 105.. DALE-STREET, LIVERPOOL, Offers to the Public and especially to Mechanics, a thorough English SILVER LEVER WATCH, reliable in works and ae,curate in time, at a cost of 355. Many persons will he surprised that a genuine English Lever can he made for the price, but T. B. CARD WELL has succeeded in producing an English Lever 355. Watch not inferior to those sold elsewhere for ..£5. The 355. ENGLISH SILVER LEVER WATCH. Jewelled in Sevtn Actions, guaranteed for Five yoat 6, call 1),: La d at CARDWELL'S 105, DALE-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Next Door to Central Police Station. Hall-marked 18-carat Gold English Keyless Lever Watches, from &7 10s. REPAIRS PROMPT AND RELIABLE.

R. CLAMP Sz. SON, MA.NUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING RESQUISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16s. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 248. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9s. 6d. 39, AND 411 DALE STREET, AND 81 PARKER STREET, LIVERPOOL.

TEETII.-C. JORDAN AND SON. OLD ESTAB- LISHED SURGEON DENTISTS. 80, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. A COMPLE'I E SET, 15s. Single Tooth. 25.; Stopping with Enamel, 25.; ditto Gold, ss. Five years' warranty. Highly recommended by C. JORDAN, L.D.S., Royal College of Surgeons. Made in a few hours withont citracting old teeth or stumps. Dr. NEVILLE says :—I can with every confidence recom- mend them. From the Rev. FATHER NUGENT To Messrs C. Jordan aud Son. Dear Sirs.—Having had occasion to consult you several times during the past few years. allow me to bear testimony to the highly professional, skilfol. and humane treatment I have received from you as a dentist, and to assure you that you have always 'given me entire satisfaction,—l remain, dear Sirs, yours faithfully. J. P. NUGENT. From the Rev. JAMES KELLY. M.A. : Dear Sir,—l have much pleasure in testifying to your professional carefulness and skill as a dentist, of which I have had experience for now many years.—Believe me, yours faithfully, JAMES KELLY. M.A.' Incumbent of St. George's Church, Castle-street, Liverpool. Specimens may be seen. Consultat,ons Free. 10 to 7. 80. BOLD-STREET (few doors above Slater-Street) Liverpool.

%T IRE NETTING, STAPLES, GARDEN TOOLS. CUT, WROUGHT, WIRE, AND COPPER NAILS. Bolts and Nuts, Washers, Set Screws, &c. W. AND J. ELLISON, GENERAL IRONMONGERS, 55. PARADISIC-ST., LIVERPOOL. Telephone: No. 1,735.

yACHTS' AND BOATS' IRONMONGERY. Rawlocks, Binnacle Rings, Lamps and Fittings, Con- necting Links, Chains, Eyelets and Thimbles, Copper and Iron Nails and T.,cks. and every Description of Shipping Tackle. W. and J. ELLISON, 55, PARA.DISE-SIRBET, Liverpool. Telephone, 1,735.

A CYCLIST'S COMPLETE OUTFIT FOR 1 IS. 6. OR THE SUIT 12s. 6d. Can be had only of HENOCHSBERG & ELLIS, ISLINGTON, LIVERPOOL. Consisting of WEAR-RESISTING BLUE INDIGO SERGE SUIT, 12s. 6d. CALF LEATIIER SHOES. RIBBED WORSTED STOCKINGS, FLANNELETTE SHIRT, CLUB BELT, TIE AND CAP TO MATCH SUIT. THIS COMPLETE OUTFIT FOR .E 1 is. 6d., OR THE SUIT l2s. 6d. CAN BE HAD ONLY AT THE NEW DEPARTMENT FOR CYCLING AND ATHLETIC OUTFITS, AT HENOCHSBERG & ELLIS'S NEW PREMISES, 12. 14, 14A, AND 16, ISLINGTON, LIVERPOOL. N.B.—A eholeA Stock of all Clas4es of Garments, suitable for Cycling, Boat lug. Golfing, Crick eting. Ice., at 25 per Cent. Less than others charge.

FISH, GAME, POULTRY, &c. R. GLENDINNING & CO. (who have been established for the last 60 years at ST. JOHN'S MARKET, LIVERPOOL.) Intend opening the premises 48, lI.ORSEM AMt [T-STREET, WARRINGTON, during the first week in MAY. with a choice selection of FISH, POULTRY, and GAME (in season). Spe,dal attention will be given to all Orders entrusted to us. BEST ARTICLES SUPPLIED at the LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. 11). GLENDINNING & CO.

HANDICAPPER'S SYSTEM —Winners—how to select them. g, od living. no tips, b.—Stamped address.--aLEGG, 20. Hampden Street, Burnley, Lancashire.

T G. PATERSON, . FLUSHING, HOLLAND. CITY AND SUBURBAN JUBILEE STAKES. DERBY, &c. The TURF REGISTER, published twice daily, is forwarded pest free on receipt of address. Double and Tieble Events on all Principal Races.

HARDAWAY AND TOPPING. (late TI)ULOGNE-SITR-MER), Only Address, FLUSHING, HOLLAND, Postage 2.1 d. Price list published twice daily, containing latest market movements, forwarded free on receipt of post- card containing address. NO REPRESENTATIVE'S .AT RACE MEETINGS.

SPECULATION. Telephone No. 35,284. A. 17ST C K , 110, STI?AND, LONDON. Business transacted on all races during the year. NO LIMIT. Full market prices coii future events. Terms forwarded free on receipt of address. Begidered. Telegraphic Address " Entertainment, London."

ESTABLISHFD 1861. JAMES WEBSTER. miDDLRBURG, HOLLAND. (Late of Calais and Iltun,gne-Sur-Mer, France.) Bankers :—Enaland—London and Westminster Bank. Lon- don. Scotlaud—Bank of Scotland, Glasgow. Ireland—Bank of Ireland, Dublin. Chester Cup. Kempton Park Jubilee Stakes, 2,000 Guineas, Derby, & .—Double and Treble Events. Starting Prices on all Pace, No S. P. Limit on the Principal Races. Accumulative Commission. " The Turf Chronicle," Free on receipt of address.

IT IS A FACT THAT JONES'S THE NOTED CASII DRAPERS, 59, 64 & 63 BRUNSWICK ROAD, LIVERPOOL. ARE OFFERING THIS WEEK THE FOLLOW- ING BARGAINS, 2,000 PAIRS DENTS' FOUR FASTENER KID GLOVES, il/N. PER PAIR. 100 DOZEN LADIES' SILVER MOUNTED SILK UMBRELLAS, 2/11, 3/11, ,4/11. 2,000 BEAUTIFUL DELAINETTE FULL DRESS LENGTHS, EIGHT YARDS, VIE, 2/6, 2/11• 20 DOZEN LADIES' NEW PRINT BLOUSES, LIGHT OR DARK PATTERNS 1/0% 116, 1111 L 100 DOZEN LADIES' BLACK CASHMEIIE HOSE, FULL FAS TONED, .4012-, 1/N, 1/21. 200 DOZEN LADIES' BLACK CASHMERE JERSEYS, 1/1119 62/6, 2/11. SPECIAL. ANY OF THE ABOVE LINES SENT POST FREE ON RECEIPT OF ORDER. MONEY RETURNED IF NOT APPROVED. JONES'S BEE HIVE, 59, 61, & 635 BRUNSWICK ROAD, LIVERPOOL.

SUMMER FASHIONS. SPECIAL DISPLAY MONDAY, APRIL 30TH. GEORGE HENRY LEE AND CO., BASNETT STREET, LIVERPOOL. WILL MAKE THEIR PRINCIPAL DISPLAY OF SUMMER FASHIONS, ON MONDAY NEXT THE 30TH INST. AND POLLOwING DA This Show is Specially for the LATEST FRENCH MODELS, But many Moderate Priced Copies of ths BEST DESIGNS will also be shown. LADIES' MILLINERY. BONNETS AND HATS. LADIES' MANTLES. JACKETS, CAPES AND CLOAKS. LADIES' COSTUMES, MORNING AND RECEPTION GOWNS, WALKING DRESSES. TAILOR-MADE COSTUMES. CHOICE MATERIALS—ENGLISH AND FOREIGN CHILDREN'S COSTUMES. CHILDREN'S MANTLES AND JACKETS CHILDREN'S MILLINERY. NEW SILKS, NEW DRESS MATERIALS, GEORGE HENRY LEE AND Co. BASNETT STREET, LIVERPOOL.

HALL'S MY HATTER. NEW SHAPES, NEW STYLES, AT LOWEST PRICES, FOR THE SPRING. HATS AND CAPS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION Can be obtained at HALL'S NOTED HAT SHOP. 1, MARKET GATE. WARRINGTON.

EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. IN A FEW HOURS THEY GAVE Mii RELIEF. EADE'S pins. " West-street, Firgrove. "Rochdale. December 10h, 1889. EADE'S PILLS. "Dear Sir,—l have had the Gout in my big toe lor six years on EADE'S pzu.s. and off in spite of the numerous liniments and pills I bought. At length my brother advised me to try your pills. So I sent for a small bottle, is. 11d, and am pleased to say nothing ever did me so much good. IN A FEW HOURS THEY GAVE MB RELIEF, and in four days I could wear my boot and go to business. GOUT The second bottle mace me allright, nor has the pain since returned. I RHEUMATISM awillT,d withoutsrayrrrenboemm endt, pills,yanrkne w GOUT —Yours truly, "A. CHADWICK. RHEUMATISM " Mr.G.Eade." EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. Prepared only by George Eade. 72, Goswell-road. London. 8.C.; and Sold by all Chemists. in Bottles, is. 1/cl. and 2s. 9d. • EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS.

DR. FOX S COUGH AND VOICE WAFERS THE GREAT REMEDY. FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, INFLUENZA, HOARSENESS, LOSS OF VOICE AND ALL AFFECTIONS or THE CHEST AND LUNGS. These invaluable Wafers, being prepared frorn Herbs and Fruits only, do not contain any deleterious ingredients, and may be taken with perfect safety by old and young. DR. COUGH AND VOICE WAFERS Prepared only by GEORGE EADE, 72, GOSWELL-ROAD, LONDON-, And sold everywhere in Tins, is. lid each. Post free from the Proprietor on receipt of Stamps or Postll Order.

H. W. MARSH, DECEASED. FURNITURE... GREAT CLEARANtE SALE OF LARGE AND VALUABLE STOCK. Must be CLEARED at once, GREAT REDUCTIONS for CASH. 164, & 166, BRIDGE FOOT, WARRINGTON.

IS MARRIAGE A FAILURE? What a question to ask, but how often could it be answered in the affirmative, the nrin, ipal cause being the improvidence lof Furnishing on the Hire System. Since cur advertisements have appeared pointing out the disadvantages we have re- ceived several le ten agreeing with our denunciations of this pernicious sys em. Earls Hire Agreement specifies that after the deposit is paid, so maey wt,ekly payments shall be made and that until the whole of the sum mentioned is paid the , goods shall not become the property of the would-be pur- chaser. and that if any of the payments are negb-cted to the exact time specified the goods may be forcibly taken away and the whole of the paym:nts forfeited. County Court judges have denounced the sy,tem, inasmuch as the vendor I gets both money and goods. Again, the pri,es charged are enormous, without any respect being paid to the quality, in many cases being worn out before they are paid for. To corn- , hat this system, and open the eyes of the public, Worsley's of "The Pantheon," Gayt horn, Manchester, the Largest Retailers of Second-hand Furniture in the worlal, have determined to ailow all respectable householders to have furniture at the ticketed marked cash price, a small percentage being charged for the convemence of payment by the week, month, or quatter. On the fourth pegs of the "Examiner" we I advertise a list of Bargains every week, any of which can be bad and paid for by convenient intervals, the articles being delivered upon the first payment being made. Furniture from £5 to £1 00) may he arranged for in this. way. To give in idea of the equity of our proposals we are prepared to supply for a working man a House of Furniture complete, thoroughly good and substantial (every article warranted), price £2O cash down, not a penny less. or 10 per cent extra if credit is given, making £22. Full particulars sent on application. GREAT BARGAINS AT WORSLEY'S. ONE HUNDRED BEDROOM SUITES ON VIEW. The Marvel: This is is solid American walnut Bedroom Suite, beautifully finished, has an excellent Wardrobe, with plate-glass centre dteir, Dressing-table. enclosed with large drawers, the top fitted with large swing mirror end jewel drawers, Washstand, with Carrara marble slab and Minton tile back, with shaving glass, the bottom prettily enclosed with cupboard and drawers, Chairs. and Towel Rail com- plete; a very pretty suite What price for this, £25 or £3O? No, only 9 guineas. Money returned if not satisfactory. Ten per cent extra if credit is given. W. H. WOR3LEY, "The Pantheon," Gaythorn, Manchester. See Advertisiement on page 4.

THOS. CLARK, "EXAMINER" OFFICE, 33, MARKET-STREET, EARLESTOWN. A good selection of Reward Books. Albums, Ladies' Bags, and General Stationery, can always be had at the above address. Newspapers and Periodicals delivered in the Neighbourhood.

TANNERS' LANE COAL WHARF, WARRINGTON. THE PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON COMPANY, LIMITED, INCE HALL COLLIERIES, NEAR WIGAN. LOCAL MANAGER, ALFRED FERRIS. All kinds of House Coal, Nuts, Burgy, and Engine Fuel kept in stock. Wagons sent to any Railway Station, House orders promptly attended to. N.B.—Ordt.rs received also at 191, Sankey-et.

BHENIBRY & CO. have amongst their Stock . of LINOLEUM about a Dozen Good Designs (and a fair quantity of each pattern) all of which were printed be- fore the Jubilee Year. To those who understand the value of seasoning with regard to Linoleum it will be unneeesssry to point out the Increased worth of the material, nor to say than an opportunity of ob- taining Linoleum so well matured very rarely cccurs. B. HIiMBIIIC & CO., will submit PRICES and PATTERNS on application. ITEMBRY & CO., 43, and 47, CROSS-STREET, •ALBERT-SQUARE. Telephone No. 537.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE, LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT COMPANY, LIMITED. Head Office: 168, ISLINGTON, LIVERPOOL. LOANS from £5 to £l,OOO on personal or other secwity. £l5, Repayable 6s. Weakly, Entire Charge £1 2s. 3d. £5O„, 20s. „ , I £3 9s. Od. £lOO, „ 40s. „ £6 16s. Od. ALEX. GORDON. Manager.

THOMAS FRAIN, RENT and DEBT COLLECTOR, House, Estate, and General Commission Agent, 39, GLADSTONE STREET, WARRINGTON. RENTS AND ACCOUNTS regularly collected in town or country.—DEßTS PURCHASED. References and Terms on application. Communications promptly attended to.

THOMAS UOWDELL. ESTATE AGENT, 1. MILL-ST., MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON. Rents collected in Town or Country. Agent to Royal and Liverpool and London and Globe Insurance Companies.

. . BOROUGH Ole iirt .11,,t4,-VC:el: WARRINGTON. .Y/LW .', WARRINGTON CONCENTRATED MANURE. -- MR, JOSEPII BIBBY. 68, ST. JAMES-ST., LATCHFORD, SALESMAN AND AGENT from whom all particulars cm be obtained. Attends Warrington Corn Market every Wetinesday.

W ARRINGTON CORPORATION CONCENTRATED MANURE. Sixteenth Season. GENERAL AGENT :—MR. WM. HOUGHTON, PADDINGTON, NEAR WARRINGTON.

VISII MANURE FISH MANURE ! ! FISH J. MANURE! ! I Splendid manufacture FISH MAN- URE 70s. per ton, 4s. 6d. per cwt. Carriage paid, cash with order. (Name this paper).—Divisort, 247, Hainton-st., Grimsby.

CORPORATION OF THE CITY OF MANCHESTER. CONCENTRATED MANURE Made from Slaughter-house and Market Refuse. Excrement from Pail Closets. BLOOD, BONES, FIsH, &c., Delivered in bags, carriage paid, at £3 per Ton. Special price over 150 miles. SUPPLY STRICTLY LIMITED. ORDERS should be given early in the Season to prevent disappointment. FULL PARTICULARS FROM R. D. CALLISON, INDOOR SUPERVITANDENT, CLEANSING DEPARTMENT, TOWN HALL, MANCHESTER. OR TO MR. BOLD ALDRED, STAMFORD ROAD, ALTRINCHAM.

GRATEFUL E P P COMFORTING. BREAKFAST, SUPPER. C 0 c 0 A BOILING WATER OR MILK

( MORRIS'S TOLU AND HONEY. The only Cure for Colds, Coughs, Bronchitis, FACTS. MORRIS'S TIC-CURTI PILLS The only Cure for NEURALGIA, TIC, AND TOOTHACHE. MORRIS, CHEMIST, ALEXANDRA ROAD, MANCHESTER, and all Dealers.

EXTRAORDINARY PURCHASE. SEti THE LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S KID GAUNTLET GLOVES AT 1/61; USUAL PRICE 2/11 AND 3RI, HENRY MILES 25A, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL, Is pleased to announce this Large and Important Purchase of High-Class KID AND FABRIC GLOVES bought at a discount of' 50 told per cent, off cost prices,, from leading Gioia Manufactures in Eng- land. Belgium, France, and Germany, and will offer the same at astonishingly low prices, on MONDAY, TUESDAY, AND WEDNESDAY NEXT, 23RD, 24TH, AND 25TH INST. Write for Catalogue. HENRY MILES 25 AND 23A, CHURCH STREET, LIVERPOOL.

‘.l) ItUARD," PRACTICAL LADIES' TAILOR. TAILOR-MADE GOWNS. MADE TO ORDER FROM TWO GUINEAS. FIT AND WORKMANSHIP GUARANTEED. LADIES' OWN MATERIALS MADE UP, 101 SLATER STREET, OFF BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

WHAT WILL IT IJC FOR YOU? HERR CO II EN'S MEDICAL ELECTRIC BATTERY relieves Neuralgia and Rheumatism at once, cures Headache in a few minutes, speedily improves digestion, removes obstructions in the system, invirrates the nerves, brightens the most, despairing, generates more electricity, and gives more life force than a hundred so-called electric or magnetic belts. It is inexpensiv-, lastiog, easily worked; can be used by every member of the family ; is most exhilarating when used as a means for an electric bath ; takes the place of stimulants ; do-s not interfere with the action of the heirt •, does not give shoctis, but imparts an agreeable and soothing current. Invalu .ble in all cotes of nervous complaints. TESTIMONIALS. Liverpool, October 25th. Dear Herr Cohen,—l have now used your Battery for some months, and am delight-el with it. It seems to be about perfect. It is most easy to manage, and most direct in its action. I am satisfied that it is a powerful remedial agent, especially in cases of am. yours truly. (Rev.) CHARLES GARRETT. 6, Elizabeth Terrace, Manch.ster-street, Hull, Mach 6th, 1894. To Herr Cohen,—lt is with the greatest pleasure that I send this unsolicited testimoniat to let you know the great good! have derived from the use of your Medical Battery and bath. I suffered for upwards of 12 years with bid circulation and rheumatism in the blood, but, since using your Battery am better in every way than I ever hoped to be again. I have spent pounds for different medical treatment, but after a time the different doctors told me I should never be better, so I can speak of your electro-medical treatment with the greatest praise.—Yours truly, SUSAN BROOKS. APPLY, OR WRITE FOR FULL PARTICULARS TO If ERR COHEN, 130, PORTLAND-STREET, MANC iIESTICR.

SHIP CANAL. MAWSON AND CO. Have pleasure in ANNOUNCING that FINAL - ARRANGEMENTS have ~ean made to have a MONSTRE EXCURSION FROM WARRINGTON TO LIVERPOOL AND NEW BRIGHTON AND BACK, BY THE SHIP CANAL, On SATURDAY after WALKING DAY. BY THE SPLENDID STEAMER "SNOWDROP." Fare there and back 3s. Cliildren under 12 years half fare, Time of departure from Latchford Locks, 7-30 a.m. Steamer leaves New Brighton at 5-30 p.m., and Liverpool at 6 p,ru. MAWSON and CO., also beg to announce that all Cash Payments to them bet% een APRIL Ist, and JUNE 16th, to the extent of £3 will entitle the Customer to a FREE TICKET or 5 per cent, on all lesser rnirchases. As the accommodation is limited early application for T,ckets is necessary. 35, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

FARMERS' STORES, WARRINGTON. BUTCHERS' SHOP. Country-fed Beef, Mutton, Pork, Veal, Lamb, &c, of the Best Quality, at the Lowest Prices. Deliveries in the Country. FRUIT SHOP. Fresh Supplies of Flowers, Fruit and Vegetables Daily. Wreaths, Bouquets, &c., made up on short notice. All Orders receive Prompt Attention.

(ebippin p. °tire 5.

PASSENGER AN D SHIPPING EXCHANGE.— —Plans and particulars of all Passenger Steamers and Steamship Lines sailing from Liverpool, London. Southamp- ton, &c., to be seen, and all Bookings and arrangements made at Bywater. Tanqueray, and Phayre, Limited, 23, Water-st., Liverpool.

wurrE STAR LINE ROYAL t a .ACX-it MAIL STEAMERS. • LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via QUeenstOwn. EVERY WEDNESDAY. *MAJESTIC... Wed.. May 2 I GERMANIC......Wed.. May 9 Cotton not carried on Passenger Steamers. Second Cabin wlff he cameo tne voyage marKesi thus*. Steerage passage including Outfit free cif charge to New York. Boston, and Phila4lelphia, at low rates. The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class, uniform hi model and arrangements, and unsurpassed in the completeness of their appointments. Saloon and State Room amidships. Apply to IsmAy, Imam, and Co., 34, Leadenhall-street. Loudon. ILO.. and 10. Water-street, Liverpool.

EMIGRATION TO ALL PARTS OF TIIE WORLD: JOHN AVALKER AND Co., "EXAMINER OFFICE. WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOIL CUNARD LINE for NEW YORK every SATUR- DAY. and ;or BOSTON every THURSDAY.

WHITE STAR LINE for NEW YORK every WEDNESDAY. A MERICAN LINE—SOUTHANIPTON to NEW _EX YORK, direct every SATURDAY, and LIVERPOOL to PHILADELPHIA, every WEDNESDAY.

N' ZEALAND, TASMANIA, arid AUSTRALIAN LINES bncling passengers ea route at Teneriffs, Cape Town, and at Hobart. Sw.

Mits. S. A. ALLEN'S VV ORLD'S HAIR ESTORER. it is not an experiment, but has been in use for over sixty years throughout the civilized world. RESTORES THE YOUTHFUL COLOUR. It renews life, strength, and beauty, and restores the natural colour to gray hair.

LIGGS from pure bred Houd,ns Abbot's stiain ; 3s. 6d. JJ pct. sitting. Unfertiie replaced —Jusuß tymint„ Copy Hill, amp. EGGS from immense Aylesbury Ducks, unlimited grass' and water 33. 6d. dot.— H. SHIPMAN, accountant, Grimsby.

pgRE BRED Indian Runner Docks EGGS. at 53.. per doz., unfertile replaved. —H. AKERS, Stanton Harcourt, Eynehark, Oxon.

I) DURS MINORCA, 3s, 6d. sitting ; bred from first vize winners ; Hopkin's strain; untertile replaced.— ti:MITII, Leagate, Tebay.

QPECIALITY—Buff Leghorns (from 30s , 15s. sittings)— L.) Grand winter layers, unfertile replaced. 3s. sitting.— Park House, Stony Stratford. OUDAN EGGS. unfertile replaced. Grand leaf-combed .Hen., no better blood obtained, 3s. 6d. sitting free.— Mr. Parr, Perranwell, Cornwall.

UREI EGGS (hatching). Plymo‘th Pocks. Silver Wynn- " dottes, Minoreas, and Orpington,. 25.6.1. doz. packed. J. G. POWNALL. Great Sankey. BLACK MINORCA. EGGS, Hopkins and Hunters, noted layers and prize stra'n. Only 2s. 6d., packed. Jos. EMMETT. 304, Earle-st.. Earlestown. RIT GRIT ! ! GRIT !! ! Cheapest and hest. Sharp Ur flint grit, 6s. 3d. cwt. ; calcined oyster shells. 6s. 31. cwt. 39. Si. l;cwt ;t he Perfect meal hest in market (see testi- monials). 15s. cwt s. Acw!. Cosh v ith order. All carriage paid. Assorted samples 3d. Ponitiy Grit and Meal Co., Grimsby.

T H. ODELL, LONG- EITCXBY. offers Eggm ss. doz. . Carriage pli4. witlreert,ficate, from a magnificent pen of Crip-br-d houdans (all pri7, win, yrs) and guaranteed from Mitchison. Marx, Ainsw.rth, and Mrs. Dills strains, these are a splend,d pen of Dark Birds w.th grand crests, on a large grass run.

SITTINGS from my unsurpassed laving s u rains,now reduced to 3s. White buff, and brown •Leghorns, French Hond- ans, Minorcas. Wyando,tes. Rocks. Lanssbins. and Guinea Fowls ; marvellously healthy birds on grass unlimited. Inspection invited. Goose egs, 51. «ach ; cross 1. eghorn rocks, 2s. STEWART, LaGama and Grindstone Hill Poultry Farm, Turvey Beds.

GGS ftvm the following Pens :--Sittele 7,nd Rose-combed E • Orpingtons. Gold and Silver Wynnelot I es Light Brahma& tls per Sitting 13 Eggs : Dark Pnbmes. llonduns. brown and. white Leghortis L,ngsbanks. P;ymetith Locks. blue Arnie- lusians, Black Minorcas. Goiden Pencilled Hamburgs' o!,i English Game Black Red, 3 1r s. ed. r Sitting 13 Cggs ; No. 2 Pen. Black Mtnorcas. Black Nosecombed Bantams ; Ayles- bury Duck Eggs. 2s. 6d. All Unfettile Eggs replaced if re- turned Carriage Paid. All the at•ove have been mated with birds from some of th- best :%•nr.'s in Vngland to produce good layers. Inspection invited. Establi,hed 1889. No business dor.e on Sundays.—Tomf ErtmoNnsoN, Poultry Yard, Crank, near St. Helens. Yard o, en on Holidays.

Mantel. WANTEDiLLSiEIynIi-14it 3 E"asS°t4ls"„C.l77ll::„;c2.st:tti.l.ooir g VONEIGN POSTAGE `..TAMP..— Old co!le,tion want or oTd stamped envelopes.—J. L.& ELLS, llnebyffilet M ontgomerphire.

NY Pubber Stamp nitne in Nit-k. I Silvr Pen and Pencil 111.. Case, 64-1. Pubber Stamp AGENTS WAN'lra).—Makers 23, Tib-st.. Manchester.

NU-ANTED—Old Gnid. Silver. jourellery. Diarnoneft ; teAt V price in citv,—Hixr., awnbrokrr, S. Jantes's Theat e, Oxford it.., Manchester.

Vil ANTED Sunlight Soap Viral-pert. 24. ft (inzen given or V silver Bron for 9J.—MiLLARD, jekr, Nington Lang!ey, Chippenharn. ------ -GENT WANTED. £26 per qty"rter. Ini,l we, lay. Aplendid opening Focnerii-nee un form,— AcEire,s COMPO WORKS, Faroworth, Bo:ton.

t 1 to .22 a week c-in he rally earned In sp-4re time. Out- tit and parteirlars, Is. 00 1. free, aiterwards repaid.— E. GARLAND, 4, talishury. _ FORE IGN STAMPS. 50 Wren crAtis to all apr,king for rny cheap ,pprova! she, is. knche stamp 1. r Pest age. THOMPSON, 10, Rutland Ter rave, Stocktfm-00-Tees. WANTED, immediately, Mune Writ re, (elpying) P3rtleillarg 811,1 w .ric to rorn-oe• Cr. s x stamps. which will be returned with first eat:lrv. S arnped envelope, S,MITTE, 9, Otsgo-terra,e, Lath. ,44 ;OD SA LARY.weekly ccf,•rett, for a'oir t.me,to either 13. rex. everywhere ; work earl be done f-Vl-11,0!, with staropNi liddreseecl ,nve:oim " l'cbt P V. ones, Playhouse Yen', Queen Vi,toria-street. ',cotton. TO GENTLEMEN'S soNs (e, no chjett). A hh,h-ciase 1. Photatrapher has a vacuicy for till PPIC ENTICE, or one who wishes to learn the loveioess uldekly. •olat I premilllTl. —Address, Sraw, Excelsior Art, :Audio, 173, 116+1-th-raid. Preston.

Iv-ANTED to BF.F.i,t in the man,gement ot. a. large factory. t CAPABLE MAN who has been traine.i an Anslytical Chprnistrand mho has had e,ntrol in a manu- factory. Stat. • age, 'qualifications, xuerience and salaty required to Box MO, " Examiner " Office, Warrington.

THE MISFIT DICPUT, 1O Cor•perss Hill. Liverpool. gives best price for Gents and Rive lelt if Clothing. In- eindin2 Froc!c and Dreis C Utters or pArcela rece;ve immediate ntt,r tion. Prom it settlements, Personal calls made any diut,nce free of charge.—L. bEAVP:Ii. proprietor. ACANCI ES in the CIVIL S 14:RVICE. Ilxsms. announced I tor 110 Boy Clerks. 50 Customs. 3) Tel,giaphists IC Sorters. For specimen questicia wets with 6o!ution:., hints, Prospects, &c., send tor I.:Lattzt's fltvtt Servif,e. Annual 2s. post free. CIVIL SEI,VICE BO,t‘IC. DEPOT 2. Chancery-lane, Landon.

TOBACCONISTS and those commencing should call or send I for our Price List. Cornpetition d efied.—GOLDBEtW 2, Paradise-st., Liverpool. natal.!itched IMO. r EFT OFF CLOT lIES bnuOtt, he4t prize tor parcels for- k/ warded. if not opproved, goods retnrned.—Jamus Gos - KIN, New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer. 328, 328. and 248, Deansgate, Manchester. - iZTECOND-LIAN'D DRESS STILTS, 'NH!Marv. Theatrical,Batio 1.3 Uniforms tor sale or hirt.—Jazfica DohaTaN, New and Seccnd-hand Clottios Dealer, 336. 323, and 346, r)..:anwate, Manchester. Also Gentlemen's misfit Snits perfectly new at a third cost price.

THE ORIGI.NAI, CONIMON-SENSI3. CIF:m.IFR! I,..UTTING ASSOUIATION. (Copyright foe Enro;,e and t! e Colonies.) R.Yrsin.tsrii-n 12 years at 272, REGENT-CIRCUS., LONDON, W. • CLASSES DAILY. . . DRESSMAKING AND MILLINERY ' TAUGHT thoroughly, fl7lll first-clms cellificates granted to pupil, when nrt.tleient. rnahiing them to obtain good Situations, or start Stith-les-. for thi-no Ives. SHOUTER COURSES also TAUGHT. Write ;or Pos. No. 2 IJ ESSM AK ING IN ALL ITS BRANi:IIKS EXWUTED moot THO-!OrGIILY XPEDITIMI:-LY, Skilied COMPETENT HA x DS: for'i own or Country. TAILOR-MADE Dlll,,Sst,t, A SPI:CIALITE. CIiTTI NG and Ell TI NG for it OM E USI. PAPER or HOLLAND VAITEIiNS to inessu«tment. Write for Pros. No. 3. , BUSINESS ROUSES (town P.. r country) SUP- PLIED with good Pr bsmakers who have Itarned the system, Fee, 2-s. 6d. in advance. Private Families can at all times have 'names of Maids or Dretsmakr-ra who have foil:died the course. Fee, 2s. 6d. in advanee. Write hr Pro-. 1. AGENTS or TEA-CITER,s REQUiRED in all places where the A,sociai ion is at representpd. PROSPECTUSES.: 1, : No. 2, Pupils; o. 3. Dressmaking. Cutting, and Fitting. Pattern,. Isc For each or all of these or bar any fur ti..r Worm ation. apply to tha MANAGING Dlfti CITE 272, REGENT- CIRCUS. LONDON. W Hours 9-30 to 6-0 Saturdays 9-30 to 2-0.

QOUTHPORT.—Comf.eab'e APARTMENTS, close to L. 1,7 and Y. Station.—Winchoster House, 5, Hawesside-at., Southport. DLACKPOOL.—Mrs. AX.LETSON, 28, Hornby-road. noir Sea. and Ventral Station.—Apartments, putlic or private, homely, pisno.

PLACKPOOL.—Miss ROYLE. 36, Coop-!t.. near Central I_, Pier. clean, homely accommodation, good piano, easy terms.—Addressed envelope.

QOUTHPORT.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, csntral position. 5 mins. ei her staion ; terms on application. Mrs. HANSON, 2. hiding-st. -- PERTHSH/RE.—Tummel ElidgP.—Dahnia House, Fur- nished, and fishing, for the bummer months, ten A partmen ts.—K. M'KENzis.

WiLL-FIiIiNISTIED APAIITMEINTS all modern con- veniences. Ilisy acc,ss to boat and train.-6, Picker- ing-road. Nt-w Brighton. fiRICCIETH,—NoiTth WaIes.—A,PAftTMENTS, overlooking Cardigan Bay ; southerly ape- t ; moderate. Mrs. ROBERTS. lidnyfed House.

QUPERIOIt APARTMENTS in Farmhouse, two minutes kJ 'walk iron' sea Mrs. WALLER, Hawthorne Cottage, Cart-lane, Grange-over-Sands. UURNISHED APARTMENTS TO LET. six rooms, in the I: centre of Lake Markt. —Address Mrs. TODD, The Square, Broughton-hi-Furness.

T LANDUDNO.—Yurnished and unfurnished 'louses and _LI Apartments TO BN LIST. for season and otherwise.— Apply A. J. OLDMAN, house agent. dce.

-1-IA.STBOITIINE—Superior Furni,hed APARTMENTS TO LET. Board if desired. South aspect and close to sea. Claph4ro /tome. Win.:l3,,r '1 er! nee, Ea t.f.n”ursie.

ToNmAENiumv R—FURNISIIED HOUSE, or APART- M'ANTL--4. grand view of Mountain and sea. Terms moderato.— OWEN, Windsor Howe, Park Crescent.

NORTH WALES.- -Good APARTMENTS offered married Lady during confin-ment. house of certified nurse ; mountain and sea air.—NUESE, Vo, Brow, Prestatyn. FrriNISFIED HOUSE TO 13E LET, containing two sit- ting rooms. four bedrooms. Jive beds, every convenience Clo:eto sea. Terms moderatc.—ELLlOTT. Port Erin, Isle of Man.

I AKE DISTRIC f— Uiswater, Patterdale, eose to the lake, Ward and lodgings. Plea.ur tioats kept. Bathroom hot nod cold water.-- Apply to Mrs. 13Rowx, Grisdale Bridge

APARTMENTS. with or without leinrii.--Mrs, W. KF.LI.Y. Newlyn House. Pronut .ane, Port St. Mary. Hot and Cold Baths ; magnificent Nit: Hi r f hay s.nd mountain. Terms moderate.

COLWYN BAY.-- Homo fr.in •frig B3tab- lishment, near sea arid woods. Board and residence from 20s. per week or e.itily t.rrns. stamp. Mrs. BRAci- STONE, Phis-y-COed.

111001 IT EltIN. Fnruish.-d.• " Thf,Herm Vi :stand- ing in own ground-, facing Bradoa and Calf. full view of Bay, FiThing. BJatiag, Bathing, Piano, terms very mode:mt.. —N3 rm. '1 A YLO,t.

p.-INTYMWYN, near .Mohi. Dished vain. five be,l- rooms. Lovely district, braeing air. Rent £25 yearly ; 20a. weeldy. Mao furnEhtd cotta;ze, 10s. yreekly.—Apply JAMES MAKI/ism:, Willow Walk. Orinskirk. I UXION.—TII/3 Pl,l, TIMOIAL ESTABLISS 0 The bcst tly(iropitt Id,. in the oistriet. Mineral Water 310 other Baths. Ma‘milivent put,lie rooms. Excellent ci amine. Table (note at set, rate tables.

11"ROGATE.—The CAIRN HY VSTAB- Lb/I:WENT i, in the 1),--st, pci.qtion in Harrogate. In Ch!FP proximity to the Golf Link..—Wrlte for a c:Dy of the " Cairn 'limes" containing tardf and all partiimlars. HeIfII(;UNT. A IiNSIDIf.—For May and August, FUR N /SHED. SpielOid views of Nlor,bamtiel3ay and . 'fwn roonro!. large .clio,nrolm. tytt h. four brdlooms. ;arg- attic ; pi ito ; boat.—Mess7a. n Y, architects. Livrrpool.

!JACCIETI-1. North Wales (Se,sitie). APARTMENTS ; ; boatitiq. bathintf. sea anti river fish- ing ; beautiful view ot sea and mountain ; exctlient coking and att,ndanee ; ttrrns moderate.—Apply, Mrs. PARRY. Frondeg, Ciucitli

-- -T LANranw, Aletionethshire.—Ts) FURNISHIW, -I for the summer months. three-quarters of a mile f rout the st,tion. grod fr.-101,4; Nvithtn live minutes' walk. txo,i ; we:i ritmted ; two sitting-rooms, seven bedrooms, bath, and w.e. Apply H. ISVANS.

IN ITU n or without attendance, Fur,she4l IMSID H. ENC twaotifuliy Fittiated on Ur- shores of Crumns.o.,k coutFdnina six b€droorns, artist's room. dining sind 'Whig roran,, bathroom, hot •:nd od wter, and all other conve.nieuees, LoatSwili griOd fi,hine..—Apply JAS. VIcKERs, Wood }louse, Bun errnere. Cortkermonth.

cf FAS IDE A PART MENTS.—F. A. PoA ell's Seaside A geni!y. —Addresses r.f reli4ble Apartments and Furriishe, Houses in all Sraside Resorts supplied fief!, including Abe - th, Barmouth, Z.lackppol Colwyn Bey. Criecieth, Llan- etidno Llanfeiriech.tn, P 'unmet' li•awr, Porllheli. Sc•rhorougti. Southport. owyn, Wliithy, North GO Ireland, An Apartments visited bi•fore !I-commending. Send stamped addressed envelope.—P,Avrt.L.Ch,riy-st., birmingham.

L'URNISH -AT •• THE P‘NT:IIION," GAYTTIORN 1.2 lIIGH-CLAqS SECOND-HAND FURNITURE. Lanih. Ogden. Garnett, °Mows, good old makers. Chippeorial". fAieratein, nod Adam's Furniture. THE LARG ST FURNI.`7JIING ROUSH IN THE NOI`,TH. W. H. WORSLEY, Estdr. 1841,. The Pantheon," 1443,thr.rm Mener.ester. WEEKLY .CHAT. SURJVCT : NEW LONDON FURNITURE. Good Furniture is the on ahsolut,, necetsitv of a comfort- able home, hut how often is the purchaser vialcilsed by tile shows flimsy rubbi,h manufactured in the East End of Loll- (LI). and now largely retailed by drapers. who have not Ihe cliglicst knowledge of the vabit et , r .de. The lowest ticketed price may bean very welt in rit: one end lace, but this win not provers good invesitnient who aoplied t‘i furniture, the low est priced furniture is not the. cheaneat y ally means. The East Lnii of Loodou is swionlioii w.th Jews. Nearly 100,000 cabinet makers ore manufactur;nsr ch,ap funiture, Shr.wily veneered arm glazed with varnieh, thee are!sent to the Pro- vinces and r. tailed et winiiow-tiek, ted-prices by drapers who wish to cell evervt,iing and dabble in every trade.. Furniture, is usually porclinsed with an idea that tt is to last for a life- time, and undoubtedly this is exactly what it should do, The Fan' Gaythnrn, is ti ovvrflowing with Second-ti. nut Fnruit ore, by goutt mailers, which can be solo at even tes, co-t than the t,ew flimsy rtt.:b'sh from itPsl, Lonoon. We warn the public from a sense of duty auziiiut purchasing clicaii New, estruitur4,, when Fligh-clas, cond- bani e he. Limb. Grioda G Mows, Ogden, Z:c , can be had for even less, which after teuov,tions has the exect app -*rams cf. new. See the enormous etiele at The 1.-au lieon " before plarchasin, where civility. courtesy, and p utsup ttection to era. rs le the rule. the came belittles for i„p, ctron given to t,) oi.cs lolt hog round as to those on husi-' nets Utit,t A ktiarantee with every article. Exchanged if not appri red. Deliveries tier).

• 1i); I ONDERFUL BAhGAIrs IG,i)(JJLIAftIMt... 1. —comptete }louses ot Furniture tor 10. 15, 20. 25, 35. Aril 40 gui eas. with 50 percent.. betel. vitue than any tiler home in the city. Write for put tieninri and provt. sent posi„tree. Lists sent from i 0 to .£1,C00.--WORLEY'S

-DAIiGAINS IN DINING•ROO3.I PURNITIJIII?..—Great 1.1 care showd be exercised in this department. which, as a rule undergoes very hord 'nr. c,,ad-bstid is tae better th new. we have over ICO suites on view, 10 sideboard., and 100 dining tables. AA n br.mjlt bargbin we vitt; :—Lot 1. A tri,gnitiotrit old Spanish mallow ny dining room suite. cost £t,s, ter £25 ; this l a full and c mplete suite. Lot 2. A the. met Am i ricats walla' dining room suite, consisting of a massive :idebohrd. hataisentely mowed, in bah re:ief fitted with all modern convedenc4,. lhs ,anopy ,upi.orted by columns w :th corinthian caritals, tee hack is relieved by bril- liant, bevelled p!ate glass, the suite is lu esrved walnut and upholstered in the beet Eng,lisit morocco ; Cmteh. two %tales, and six Chairs. the Diming riatbie is ti,rved to match and is a patent telescope, with extension teal ; the Overms.ntle Is quite equal to the rest., and matches p rfixtly last. but not lea t, is a rely petty coal Vase, the lot is honestly worth £65; our trice 'or quit k ale is only 35 gnincas ; money re- tuned if not satisfaetor:„..' Lot 3. A good substantial SUITU, similar to Lot 2, same number or Pieces, but upholstered in real Ottoman saddle bugs. very reeerche. Suite. c...idertosrd. Overmantet, Dining I able, and C.,al Vise. the lot worth £5O for a leading line, we quote to s £..,8 los. 6,1., a marvel. t requires to be seen to eftee% silt-; first turn- first served. lot 4 —A reuperti Poilar,i Oak DININII-ROONI SITITH, by Ratcliffe, ci.st. £250. Full suite of Side, min], Suite with eight chairS. tw• carvers, two easies, and couch, with 18 feJt Oak Dining Table. the lot for Ell . A *Teat bargain Lt 5 —A Similar Lot, in Pollard Oak, but stealer, for 67 guineas. We conlel 7.n on for several eolumns describing bargains in this depit rtmer,t.we ha, ego: dsub,tant ial holtes,Second-band, hut in splen 'id coodition.or £3, and £10; Sideboards from 355. to 1.15, this last beim4 he by James Lamb, the rlceaety of :%1 r. ltv,le, Ist, of Hotly Bank, enour Grove ; cost'. over Ittspectioa invited

11:10USAN OS OF BARGAms 1N ALI. I,I3PAterMENT:i. _L Next week we shal give a i4nig liA of :he bargtitta we NIP. now seowing in 'edam. t•i#•e, nd-hand B4lrcoorn sur.rEs, rae4ing from £2 15.. e :121.59. Over 100 on view. We my mention alt,(, tilt finet 't'..,' of Pe.l,le4de and Bill- (ling, there being over 400 11.t..le!eltis on show... A- N0t,0),, Itrass Per:tan Bedstea,i, ta33•ive thaitql tir es ali 01,41. WWI a love.y Pt ot I r.4pery and pretty 'upholstered b.ek ;.a Grest,ato end Ciaven nprine nartttmes, r. Pert eCtly new hair 'nett re,b. and the set if feather I)W:ter and pillows. .onlv 12 k4.ilMtli •thlt lot, worth £3O. Week after week v, e shall give, a ,TIIHI;Shi Ot btOtA LIMY .f&Oitifrlgt in the Drawing- mean Department : the ptettlet4 ftork in Mtteles‘ter of Chippendale trini sher ton Futnio ore • al,o r,ittlutr-room anti Office Furnlthre. •••Ftt uirit at ‘ Ge.ythdrit.

GEORGE JACKSON. PAWNBROKEt, • JEWELLER. AND SILVERSMITH, 59, AND 61, CHURCH-ST.. WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY. Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING, CHINA, GLASS. GUNS, and MUSICAL IN- SIRUMENTS ot every Description. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OIP INTEREST port MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

JJADY'S very handsome Diamond and Ruby RING. set with three Payments taken. Diamonds of the first w4ter,full of fire, also two beautiful Burmese Rubies, handsomely actin solid 15 carat uold, 9 remarkably cheap. Only ...dIS. D.

SPLEN DI D Solid WALNUT OVER- MANTLE, equal to new, fashion- Payments taken able canopy, or cornice top, fine bevelled English pate-glass mirrors, large centre ore, five brackets for ornam.nts, splendidly turned pillars, andcarved panels. Worth five guineas. E 2 15 Call and inspect this bargain. S.

Li 11. vl.tlCr - !.N Leer 1614.11utEdDit:g WlA.l).Ciflsh Payments taken. by that well known maker Russell" of Liverr,ool, new 12 months ago and cost six gitineas,first-claes t;mekeeper. •1 /7 (4 Warrin •ted for five years. B,c,itiee for A S. D. - -

FIRST-CLAS and very handsome Regulating CLOCK, in splendid Payments taken Walnut and Ebony Case. 45 inches long. Excellent timekeeper. War- 21 6 ranted for thre-, years. , Only 3. D. _

LADY'S very r•retty Second-hand Silver WATCH, splendid thne- Payments taken. keeper, also Lady's fashionable solid Silver TASSEL ALBERT. The pair coot originally two pounds Win ranted 12s. 9D. for three years. The pair only

WONDERFUL' value; very pretty Hand painted 'YR o s e'' Payments taken. TOILET Sia, complete and perfect seven pieces. Only 58. 6D.

CIAPITAL old VIOLIN, just out of V/ pledge. Grand ton,.. Labelled Payments tllcen. Antonius Stradioarius. Well worth 303, Only 10S. 6D. VREFIHOLD BUILDING LAND at Stockton Heath to be 1. sold.—Apply JOHN PEMBEHTON, Stafford-rd., Wilder- spool.

FILAUD'S IRON PILLS (P.P.) enrich blood. beautify _.) complexbm ; gross. post free. end Co., Edinburgh.

T ILK Bu-,iriess FOIL SALE; 18 cows, horse, float, splendid .1.V.1 milk round.—Apply 7, Prunklin Place, Whitfield-road, Liverpool.

S A.LB, MANURE WORKS, Widnes, aud Ges Work 6 and 1,/ Cotton Mill, Derhysiaire.--Apply to J. Hositnco, 16, Fenwiek-Street. Liverpool,

1000 DRY CASKS, various sizes : hodsheads, tierces, blercimrs. scwt., pipes. &c.—Q. PORTER. c3oper, 124, Broughton-road, Sali,rd,

QPLENDID CORNER Newsagent, Confectionery, Sweeta, nnd Tob,ceo, good trade, Main Thoroughfare. (*lying up.-5, Upper-jacksou-st., Hulme, Manchester.

44 DARLOUIt FOOTBALL."--A new game of skill on Association Lines. Board, Men. and Ball complete, 1. 3d. p.-Att tree.—Liwsox. I.?, Foyle-terrace, Dublin.

rPOOLS—FOR SALE a capital forfeited pledge, bass of 1 Joiners Tool-. in nice condition, price only 235. 64.-- 111:G11ES RROS., 116, Brownlow Hill, Liverpool.—T. 5171.

JNEXPUNSIVE genuine Recipe to preserve eggs for 12 munns, °v. r 3.003 put down this month ; valuable to pastry cooks. Post free, 7d.—Mrs. LINCOLN, Prizet Cottage, Kendal.

MANUFAC'T(TTIBItS' Itemn.nts in Stuffs, Calicoes, Cash- meres, Velvets, lrannels, ac. ; 101 b bundles ; cheap ; price list free.—W. CLARKsoIv, meld:mut, 41, Swain-street, Bradford.

et sendu 2 TEAPOTS.for not tpi Ise FJ V Tra-Yt e ofbF n-. 1111 SHOPKEEPERv decoratedshld fAct ion guaranteed.—Smw PorrunY COMPANY, Lougton, Staffordrlti re.

VTONDERFITL HAIR RESTORER for grey and red hair, nets in a week ; price 2s. 6d (free by pr,si, sc•cretly pac;,ed 3s )—FirrD. LEWIB and Co., LTD., 6, ;Fleet-street, Dublin. Niane this paper. DIGS ! PIGS I—FRED. SMITH. Biggieswade, Bedford- shire. has FOR SALE any quantity of Store Pigs, from 15s. t, 40s. and upwards ; carriage paid on four and upwards on receipt of P. 0.0. or cheque. •

T OHN LOWE, Fire wad Thief-proot SAFE MAKER, has ON R., SALE Milner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and hers; new and 9 eoond-hand ; very cheap : 100 to choose from. —33. Albert-street, King-rtreet West. Manchester.

DILLARD TABLE, three-quarter size, Massive Mahozany 11 frame. Thus, Cuus. first-rate condition, £l2 12s.— Safety BICYCLB. new. £5 10s. L.mig-eased CLOCKS, .:heap, to clear the lot. Fuexvss, 31, Bethel-st_ Brighouse, UGS I RUGS !—Goo? all wool, Bft. long. 6ft. wide, and weighs °vex 41b. ; Government grey ; only bon used a 11ttic., much better than common new. I will send one post free for 3s. —From Ii; J Gm.:BON, Cvernment Cunt rictor, Rye.

SoLD, Lancaster's celebrated Photogn7p- .loo,ooo hie Cameras. S:c., for Amateurs or Profo•sionals. Manchester Agency is at 71, Oxford-street. (All Slots). New list now ready. Cameras bought or exchanged.

DILLIARDS ! BAGATELLti !—The cheapest house for Billiard and Eagatrlie Tables and Requisites is kIENNING BROS.. LTD., 29, iligh.st., Loudon, W.O. send for new Ptico List, cioth and cushion sampies, post free. Established 19.62.

I'Dl*3og PRONOGRAPIL—CompIete oxtfits or machines 124 only. Ils•cords, blanks, and all supp!ies. Amateur makers or exhibitors should apply for all their wants. Mac- hines repa;reti.—A. Lolux, Phonograph Office, 23, Cannon- st., Blackpool.

T-NDIGiiSTION cured cheaply and certainly from the recipe of an eminent plipician. No mineral or veget- able poison. but nature's own remedy. Partiallnrs and fort- night a supply for 14 otamp.—J. iiOSE, 31, Widmore-road, Bromley, Kent.

STAMMERI NO MASON. " The Stammerer' Friend." c titirtues the effectual CURE by Manual of 111,1-ruction and Correspondence, Visits. or Residence. Treari-, and 2.00) (Nee., lent tree.—Cuinberland Villa, 50. Bouverie-road, London, N.

DROTECP YOUR GARDENS from ravages of birds. Tanned Netting. 35 square yards for is. 1,1,111 not rot if left, out in all weather. Sent any width; carriage' paid on all orders over ss. As supplied to the Hoyal Gardens.-11Y. Joan GASSON, Fish Merchint. Rye. .

ECZI4.MA.—" Dr. Wilson's eczema Cure" immediately relieves irritation and pain arid speedily cures the most obstinate Skin Dise.tsce, when other me,' ns signally fall. Jars Is. l. ; treble size. 2s. 9d. At most chemists, or post free, direct from 20. Fordbam-st., Liverpool. LADD' s For 48. 11d. or ss. lid.. full DRESS len2th 6yds. doubl , width navy blue Serge. ; arriaga paid. Velveteens 24 inches black or coloured Is. 3d.. is. 7d., 18.11 d . 25., 2s. 44. per yard. any len2th cut. Satisfaction guaranteed, —CHARTF.RIP and Co., 30, Cannon-street, Manchester.

BARTINE CURES HEART DISEASE, and all Diseases of the Nervous System. On bottle proves it. Weak Heart and Palpitation Sufferers try this ; three bottles will effect a thorough etire. Of nil chemists, or elrriage free. 23. 9d. eaoh, of C. WooncocK, 190. High-str,..et, Lincoln, or at LEWIS'S. Market-street. Manchester.

HEIGHT INCREASED.—Three inches without fear of detection by PINET'S Elevators (Patented). Can be worn it, any Boot or, Shoe. Awarded Gold Sledol, Paris. C-utiot—ouly obtainable, IV aisex Pfarr, 56, Berner'srst., oxford-st.. London, W. -Pamphlet and Testimonials one starrp. note 50.00t:Plieeple increased their height last year by Pinet'a Elevators,--VV ben writing mention this paper. . " GIBSON'S FAMOUS. EMBROCATION." Analyst's report:—" As, a Specific in eases of Cuts. Rheuma- tism. Lumbago. Ser¢ins, Bruises, Ulcers, Scalds, Burns, Sores, and Skin Disfases generally, I consider it to beef the highest value, and as such it should be ready at hand in every licusehold. GRANVILLE, H. SHARPE. Analyst. (late Principal iii the Liverpool College of Chemistry)." Bottles Is. 10., 2. 91., and 4,. 61. post free. Makers—d son. Sous; and Co.. Southport and Liverpool.

A. WARDED FIRST PRIZE MEDAL, Adelaide A. Jubilee Exhibition, 1887,• and Sydney Centenary Exhibition. 1888. —TO PICTURE FRAME MAKER'S AND DECORATORS. -- Cheapest House in London fir Erw,lish and Foreign Picture Frame and Room Mouldings —ell the newest t4eeigne. Two million feet always in Stwk. V,--leererl end fen,w won e mouldings, etc. Picture frames of ,very description, GleograplisAc. Further reduction hi prices. Wholesale Carver anal Gilder. Every niquisito for the trade uideat'ortetion. tiref,cial nttention to country and shipping or,lcrs.Full patti....tilars in pattern book and catalogue imps 4to dernv rev4std for 1321) for 3d. stamps.--H. 17 and 18. Great t. Andrew-st., Bloomsbury, Ltindon. Telegraphic. address "Rabbitry," London, Stock Hoe .ty3.l Wees of elk's. monthly. fres. •

910 SHIPSTAXEILS AND OTHERS.—ON SALE, 100 T4,'114 (ANN. WILLOWS. HAZIUS. &c.—G. M. U. Vietoti‘i Midge, Manchester.

?pi , Ft; ENITU tt UR AIO VEILS, GAUD ENER S. A N—D I OTHERS, —MATS, MATS. from 3s. 6d. per dozen. -- G. M. JON 138, 11. Victoria Briiiye, Manchester. WOOL) HURDLN3.— G. M. JONFS, 11, 1. Victoria Bridge, opposite the Old Church, late 40. ,ennsgale. • VEA . YHA-ST. Dent ;ail Brands; I. established 1848.-4. M. JONES, 11, Victoria Bridge., MaucheAer. INBS A ND.f.PIItiTS. Cileopesp in Manchester, quality JONES. 11, Victoria Br.dge.

FOR SPECIAL BARGAINS IN SECOND-HAND FURNITURE, CALL AT CHARLES GIBSON THE WELL-KNOWN BONA-FIDE ADVERTISER, PAWNBROKER. JEWELLER SILVERSMITH, AND GENERAL HOUSE FURNISHER, 31, BRUNSWICK-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. HIGH-CLASS GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES, DIAMOND AND OTHER JEWELLERY, PIANOS, by all the Leadlng Makers. Numerous Testimonials sbowingthe Good Value we Give.

PARLOUR SUITE PROM GRASSMNDALE TO ORDER, tor £22. Ea 12s. 641. (Out of Pledce) —Magnificent PARLOUR SUITR, beautifully upholstered (not soiled), in solid Walnut frames; the Suite complete, comprising couch, lady's and gent's easies and set of sms:l chairs ; only £6 12s. 6d. A tempting sacrifice. Cash or easy payments. 31. Brunswick- road. OAK CHIME CLOCK (FROM TUOS. RUSSELL & SON), VALUED AT 4i GUINNAS. 27/6 (Extra pecial).—Very hands.ornesolid Oak Chime CLOCK (8 days), strikes the hours and chimes the half-hours on very powerful cathedral gong. keeping dead gun time, measuring 12 inches in breadth and 16 inches high, gold dial, cryrtal g ass, Ste, Warranted for 30 years' satisfac- tion ; only 275. 6d Payments taken. 31. Brunswi,k-toad. -

- - - - -- COTTA(fIE PIANOFORTE (LATE OWNER PAID 45 GUINEAS) • RBlss. (A Sacrificr).—Magnificent high-class COTTAGE PIANOFORTE, by leading maker ; handsome Case, Ivory keys, check act:on, and all the newest improvements ; only just out of pledge. taned, repolishpcl, and de:ivered frfc. Hare opportunity, for £8 15s. A chance never before offered A stamped warranty for 25 yf ars. See our new payment system. 31, Brunf,wick-roaci

SP.LBNI111) FAHlth 1314)D. BOL,i'VER, AND IWO PILLOWS, from vgremont. Cost -25 10s. 49/6 (A Forfeit)—Superior E T UIR BE 0, BOLSTFIi, and TWO PiLLOWS ; in pure Linen Ticks. with sides, guaranteed good chan feathers : weighs almost 701 b.; as perfect as new. GibsOn's price 495. 6d. Call and see it at 31 Brutiswick•rold.

LADY'S GOLD LEVER WATCH. Cost last year £8 Bs. kw° lBs. 6d. (Specially Forfeited)—Lady's Heass English-finishe Gold Lever WATCH. beautiful.), full-jewelled t-plate gold movement, with chronometer balance, 15 ruby jewels, handsomely hand-painted enamel- led dial, gold hands, and all improvements. Guaranteed for 30 years. A written warranty given. Cost new £8 Bs. ;my price 58s. 6(1. Payments taken. 31, Brun w lek-road. _ _

MAHOGANY 1) UCHESS TABLES, TOTt. 212 10s. 24 7s. 6d. (Taken in Excliange).—Sunerior pair of colA Mahogany Duches se TABLES. very large size, dressing table, fitted with jewel drawers and extra large size beautifully bevelled plate glass swinging mirror. washstnnd with solid marble The pair cost ori..inally £l2 10s. Gibsou's price £4 73. 61. Cash or easy paytnt nts. 31, Bruns- wick-road.

3 Q /74 --(Wel 1 worth £5 I)3o—Magnificent Mabog—a-i,y /00 CHFST of DRAWERS. Taken in txchan..:e. No worse thln new. Gibson's price 335. 6(t. Cash or easy pay- ments. 31, Drunsvvick-road.

TEIEPTING OFFER PO A WORK/NOM-AN. 24/6—gurot,"iocPriaerlfe'S—Tl3);t!'l\ ! Ad gybc-711a ifir; iSreceoxntiii,ls jewelled il-nlate gold inwement, gold balance, timed and rated to the 330th part of a minute. with centre seconds. outside stop, and all improvements in etont heavy ca,es. A written atiarantee for n y .ars, together with very massive solid curb albeit, the lot 245. 6.1.--onst orl2inal owner 51 gnineas. Ea,y nivments taken. 31, Brunswick-ro,d. __....,

WALNUT COTTAGT,I PIA ivii7Po ItTit iiverpool) COST NE W 48O1JEBt. 'li2 1(8 188 Cotta tBaD,,e(S ePerAtiNhta)niel) r. enfdflam this flrf-e7as maker. magnificent rich, powerful tone, full compass, check -action, ivory keys, and all thi4 noted maker's own improve- ments. Tuned, repolistied, and delivered free for £l2 18s si Guaranteed for 30 years' satisfaction. Payments of 2s 6.1 weekly taken.

RUSSELL'S WORKINGMAN'S 61 GUINEA II TINIER. 49/6 knownare liairngaaki er flocryteeirteg.inotnhe,gof AtiTiistmwa: Splendidly full jewelled, quarter plate gold movement, chronometer balance. &c.. in extra he.wy solid silver hunting cases. Guaranteed for 30 years' satisfaction, togethe • 1:m. sell's own certificate. New last year and cost 61 guine.g. Gibson's price only 49/6. Gish or easy payments. 31. Brunswick-road.

34/6-(AP ( forfeit.?'—tt rird te'l;;v), large dsei7s'i'g 711 " tfc-''s-CreEe. Cost new 3, guineas. Out-pr cecnly 34s 6d. 31, Brunswick- road. 1.4/9 , _ fourS 4'rjejadl Vroal7d.i liaßnlgLAmGl,l32llsErNin'l:RtlltrNt-,Ge RING, set beautiful rubbs. Guarant.ed UPTIIIifIC. Cost 455. VitOM A GENTLEMAN'S tiOtit.4:E IN SHAW-ST.. COY- TENTS OF DRAWING-HOO.M—Cost New 45 linineas. IGUINEAS,—(A Genuine Forfeit.)—ift,h.ei,s, D 11 ING-110,M 61711 E. beautifully trpholstered with figured plush velvet, in solid walnut frames, coini ri in-' couch, lady's and gent's easies, and foil set, of swill! chair, (r ally as good as new) ; also magnificent solid walnut nye-- mantel, fit,ed with numerous bavilled plates, shelves, and brackets ; large-size solid walnut 100 table, beautifully mmli; full-size Brussels csrpet, rich oesian, only in use a week : massive solid brass-rail fender an:, fireirons. rid 3 gram lot Is not a hit worse than new. and tho.,e starting life ,hoaid not let it slip bv. Gib:ou's price Only 16 guineas. cash or payments.

CONTENTS OF PEDROO)r. -Cost New £55. 210 18; Unld'ili,(e'llrmnp°r'its I7l'gww)ar!iirio2ble'-,e:i't6tBe (113:1 trhlte'n,(7- sive plate-gl as door, hanging compartront Sze : Dr..ssing Table with arge-eize plsite-glas3 swinging mirror nod jewel drawers, pretty Oesign washstand, pedestal, towel rail, and two chairs comp!ete. Also full-sized bedstead (nearly new). with splendid full•size bed, bolster. two pi flows, and pair of palliasses (not soilod) togeti,er wits large-size carpet sad strong fender. Tie lot only 210 Ps. 6d. Payments. WONDERFUL VALUE FOR A WORSCINOYIAN. 28/67(2.evreor r rstt,•,ecilu,9tsi tEffirivg, move- ment. chronometer balance, jew, !led throughout, capitAl timekeeper, Iltil,reakalle crystal glass. in stow A written gmra;rtee for twenty years ; together with heavy solid Silver Curb ALBERT, stamped by Government on every link. The lot honestly worth £5 10s. f-Hbson's pitce, only 28s. Gil. cp.sb prtyments. 3l P.ruliswiclz--,arl.

- - f nold Eird wo real first-water diamonds (without flaw or blemish) ;gu ;ranteed. Original owner pAid 3 guitrilis. Gibson' price 11 s. 9d. ; cash or pay- ments.

24/ 9 keost now 4 gulnPas).-1-tan:lsome dinner Clil:E1" t by Lawson, guaranteed solid silver plate, and fit- ted with six very handsome ent•glass bottles, never bePo used. A decide bargain at 21s. 9,1. Cash or payments. 31, Brunswick-road. COST £43. • BY J. R. HARGREAVEi .5: on.. NORTON- STfiENT, CERTIFICATE TO SHOW, g1125.6d —Extra gpecial.—Gent's magnificent 18-earat `7.t Gold Keyl.ss Centre F econ (13 Enilsh Chronograph Stop WATCH. jewelled in every action with rubies. extra line chronometer adjustments, brequet spring, timed in positions for all climates, almr.intee4 not to vary a minu'e month. A pledve any time for £l2, New last y,ar for £4O. certificate and our stamped 'warranty for 35 years. Gibson's pries £l4 12s, 6d. Cash or easy payments.

Co br Ert. L. j. iOWLANDS, AUCTIONEER, VALUER AND 'LICENSING AGENT. WESTMINSTRR CHAMBERS, 3, CROSSHALL-STREET, LIVERPOOL. R. ROWLANDS' bag a largo number of HOTELS PUItILIC POITSEg. and REEPHOL'SES TO LET both in TOWN and COUNTRY at. all price, and to cult all ehtsses of Trade. • As there Is a partrenlar eemand for COUNTRY LICENSED HOUSES, MR. ROWLANDS would strongly aclvlttl- persons intending to sell, to wri,r to him and send full particulars nt once as he has at prest nt a strong demend for them. Mr. ROWLANDS has several very GENUINE HOUSES FOR SALE in and around Liverpool. Particulars on application. No Charges except business results.

TO BE LET Stah'es. Coaeh•house. n d Tnrti,—Apply, to the Post Office, Newton-le-Willows. • • • - ------------ CAPITAL Cottages TO BEI nply Tuos Cown's:LL, 'F.:state agent, Mill-st., Market Plnee, Warrington.

MO LET. good bowie, Dertv-4., rent 4s. 6,l.—Apply _L ASIITON and WOODS, Solicitors, Horsonntrket-nreet., Warrington.

rg NO LET.—iVARETIOTTSM nd YARD,L. Orford-ot.—A rply ASHTON and WOODS, Sllteit.)ra, orsernark et-street, Warrington.

910 BE LET, a good Beer ond VVino 1-tonso, Ft, rids in a good pod'.ion, oi.og 12 t),rrrdm a week.--A pply, S. Roch- dale-road, MannostPr.

OI.BORNB DA LE COTTAGE. Se tun-le-Willows. to Ix BB VET. on lease. ; r- w minutes' walk from Low- ton Station; good gnrclen.—A pply fhe premises.

TO BE LI:M.-Ist May, those: Ccrnmo,iinus prrinites in I_ comprising i hrec-borse stable, loose boa, large ht n and yard, pirNeries, washns,uso.. etc.. sultab:e for •.•ariousA purposi 5, Also a !Luse 27. Fol,y Lane. £iB per soinum.—.A poly 23. Polly-lane, Warrington.

NORT.,N ARM'S HOTRL, LATCHFORD, WARRINGTON. rrBE LANCASHIRE & UIIEsFIIRE FARMER'S it_ CO OPERATIVE ASSOCIATION. LIMITED, wi'l hold their next Auction Sale of Fat and Store Stock, in the yard of the above Hotel, en MONDAY the 30th of APRIL. Sale to continence at 3 o'clock orompt.—Stock to be in the yard not later than 2of the same day. Mr. ANDREW HUTCHINSON. Auctioneer. Auction Sales of Fat and Store Stock will be held every MONDAY, tthtil further notice. Commission at cld. in the .—.iettlements at close of Sale. Entries to be forwunled to MR. JOHN SAMPSON, Norton Arms Hotel, or to the Secretary C. D. rAIiKINSON, Bewsey Chambers. Warrinuton.

THE MART, 37 CORPORATION-ST., MANCHESTER. ATR. WILLIAM ELLIS will SELL BY AUCTION AY.I on THURSDAI and FIIIDAY. MAY 3rd and 4th, a large Consignment from S. PFACH Mid SONS, ot Nottinghard Lace CURT, INS and cther Lace Goods. The Curtains are the very LATbST DES GNS and FINEST QUALITY, especially made for this e,,on, includinz Nottingham Guipure D'Art ! limes( Is Lee. Rea! Swiss Embroidery Curtains and new Coloured Lave i .tirtains. Salo at 11 delock. Goods on view mormings of Sale.

By the LANCASHIRE and CHESHIRE FARMERS' CO-OPERATIVE ASSOCIATION LTD.

IMPORTANT SALE OF FAT STOCK. THE Lancashiro and Cheshire FARMERS' Co- operative As.snciatiori. Limited, beg to anr.nunce that they have revived itistrut,tions from MCSSre.MATTRJIW and JOSEPH SHAKESHAFT, to SELL BY AUCTION, on THITIISDAY MAY 3rd. rt Crraiehlev Farm, LyMrn, sixty Prime Fat Beasts. Comprising Cross-bred sod Polled Angus Bulleks, 25 Young Cows, 11 Shorthorn heifers, 9 Blue Grey Heifers.—sale to commence at 2-30 prompt. Con- ve,yanoe will meet suitable trains at Lymm Station, Fares, 3d. cavil. Mr. ANDREW HUTCHINSON, Auctioneer.

ON TUESDAY NExT, at 11 o'clock. The Rooms. t 5, Prinoss•st.. Manchester.—Sale of Capital Household Enrol t ine'liding Suit's for Dining. Drawing and Peet Pontos, Cocks. Ornaments, Blectro Plate, Pia,ofortes, Bedsteads, Bedding, Hall Fittings, Carpets. and Domestic Property. ARTIN(STALL unit HIND will SELL BY A 'COTTON, at above address. on MAY 1, 1894. Capital HOCSEIf OLD A PPOlNTMENTS.—Auctioneers' offices. 45, Princess-street, 'Manchester. Telephone 1,508. ON WEONT,ALY NEXT, at 3 o'clock. Peremptory Sa'it of 300 D:zens of Gio I Sound Foreign Bottled Wines, corn pri dog Fie Vintage Port, Sherry, Muacatelle, Burgundy, Clacct. Chomprignes, ; also 4.0 Boxes of Po-e Arr Pkriagas, Morales. La Priustm, and other Havana, Mexizen, and Cont:nentd CigArs, and Turkish Cigare t es. A RTINGSTALL rind HIND ire instructed by La. the inortg Tee to SELL BY AUCTION, MAY 2. 1394, with th- ir Rooms. No, 45, Prinec.ss-s! reet. Manchester, a Desirable tot of WINES ant ClGARS.—Cataloguss, four (flys nor t. sa'e, on ap.idcation to the Auctioneers, 45, Princess-street, Manchester, N.T. 1503 ON TITITT:SDA.Y Nrx r at 12 o'elonlc. Important sale of a Valuable Consignment of Exceptionally Fine Kstablisheci Orchids, includicg rare and perfectly new yarieiies, many in sheath, bud, and flower, to2ether with a quantity of Mixed imported Plants, from entirely fresh dint ricts. ARTINGSTILL and HIND beg to announce the receipt of in,triletions from Messrs. F. Sander and Co., of St Albans, to STJE.I. BY AUCTION. on MAY 3. 1894, within their horticultural Saleloorns, 45, Prin,ess-street, I%lanchest.!-r, Chet,- Exo, in ORCHIDS, in grand condition.— For cat,ilogoes apply to the Auetionesrs, 45, Princess-street. Mat:chest r. N.T 1508

Ti) CLOSR A 'MUST. Valuable Frecho'cl Perm, !Buildinz Land, and Dwelling- honses Bort.onwood, rind various Securities. TO BB SOLD BY A UtjTION. by 'UTTON at this CORN EXCHANGE MR.Erio'rr3.:4Fll.9:ll.; BaLLWAR..INOTON, on WEDNES- DAY, the 16-h day of MAY. 1894, at 4 for 5 o'clock in the afternoon, sobjeet to ,onditions of sale, in the following or such ott.er lots as may be th-.-rt determined upon by the ver.dors. LOT that Fre,hold FARM, with the Dwelling- outbuikings, and gardenia belonging thereto, known as the LIMO Kilu-lane Farm, situate in Buttonwood, in the county of Lanca•ter, an tl containing 31 acres, 3 roods. a, d 37 perohes, stititte measure, or thereaktuts let to Mr. Thomas Howard for the residue of a te,m of 7 years from the 2nd February. 1890 at, a ',early rent of £5O. Los 1 adjoinr•the Murtonwood Coal District, and the mines and mineral, will be inetuleti in the Sale, LOT 2.—A1l that. Pr• e`stld BUILDING LAND, situate on the ,Foutheriy ado of Gorsey-Dne and on the t-* esterly side of Clay-lane, in tin' Township of Burt nwoocl„ eontaining 3 acres. ! I t ood. atict 20 rternes, statute measure, or thereabouts, and Itt p•trt of Lot 3 tu Mr. James PV.. Te,T Dios, Two Ft,chold LWF.I.LING-HOITSES, With Ettaltie, shinn on, and ot.tbuildings, adjoining Lo:. 2, cons- tainting 13 u e•che:t, statote measure, or thereabouts, and now in tltc respective occupation of James Pye and Matthew i The of Lot. 3 will not be entitled to any rights t 4 light; over S ot2. Lops?, and 3 lie inn the midst of the Burtonwood Coal Dis- tri •t, and torrn v.ery etigib!e sites for builditnr. V4lttAble mines of coat are believed to be thereunder. The mines and outtle.als tel I be included in the sale.LOT • 4.--If3 SHARES of £lO each, in the United i; Isad I,Annputv, Limited, with the accruing dividend Lot' 5 —l6 fulv-nitil £7 per cot. PREFERENCE' -:.'dA/:.!l'S of 20 easel) in the United Alkalla Company, Lim- ited, wi• inrho aeerninz dividend. LoT 6.—£200 fol•v-paid £5 ne:' tint. Mo-tgage DEBRN- TURE 6 OCK at the United Alkali Company, Limitetb- h the acertitim, interest from lit Jannery. 1894. Lcyr 7.-63 fully Ns.id JtA3ilS of £lO each in the Earle,- town. Newton, !try -!ock. Golttryne and Ashton Permanent Benefit Bt,i!din S.•eiety vMt the afxruing yearly dividend. LoT 8.-5 £5OO fully-paid £1 tier cent. DEBENTURES of the Fleet v nod rsA Company, Limit ,d, u ith the accruing in- tt.t: est from lit var. IRA. LOT 9.--fI:IND of the Wier,ev Docks a•-cl Harboxr Board, rerravake 27th Septernb -r, 1900 for £1,003 and interest at £4 per Cent. with the sec- ttie g inter,-st front 27th March, 1894. LoT ,ND of the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board, reply, ble 0711 t Fel ten- her, 1900, for :2309, and interest at £3 17s. 6,1, per et nt wit i, the accruing interest from 27th March, 1894. LOT 11.-11 £lOO fully-paid £4 per cent: !'!EBENTURES of Peter Walker and Son, Warti•nzton and Burton. Limited, with the aeeroi uf interett, fro', 31st Dec mber. 1893. r,,,T 12.-12 S tfA. tt HS of £lOO ene:, (L 2.0 paid) in Parr's flanking Company and the Alliance Ban, Limited, with the accruing di'. Further p-trti ui nra, an' plans of lot, t, 2 and 3, may be obtained ft OM flit An •tieneer, Legh-s Warrington ;or from H. B. ViIIITE it SONS. Solicitors. 17, odro-ttreet. Warrington.

By Meszms. JOHN MA INIFARING if CO. _ ATCHFORD AND WARRINGTON. VALUABLE Filllo-TIOLD AND LEASEHOLD BUILDING LAND AND HOU iD AND SHOP PROPITETY TO BE SOLD BY AcUPTON .11Y ,10FIN MAINWARING, at the BLUE BELL LIT It.r:c. WArnam4Tov, on THURSDAY, the 23rd MAY, 1894, at. 4 for 5 ti.M. prompt, In the following or each other Lots as In ,y he declared at. the time and placeof Sale, and suhieet to eonditions to hi. then n'rodueed. LOT 1.--TifltEhl FlilitlOLl t OTTAGE3., Nos. 4.6, and 8, James Street. tier Butterromrket Street, Warrington, occupied by William Herrisoe, John Buck, and Patrick Hoar ty. LOT' 2.—A PLOT of FREETIOLD BUILDING LAND, in Latchford, formerly the property of Samuel Gaskell. Esq., tlecelsed. tat det reit el by the erection of the Latchford High Level o- Fixerl Bridge of the Manchester Ship Canal. The land adjoins the Bridgen has a frontage of nearly 330 feet to the New 'Road leading from Latchford to Stockton Heath and IVelton. a'otuy the South Bonk of the Canal and contains sqn.re Vol. Is or thereelanatst. LOT —A Fl()l1f end .t..140P (formerly a licuse and shopand cottage) with the B %T(P.HOINE belonging thereto, Nos. (72 and (A, t,trect, V. art ngton ; in the occupa- tion if (leorge Niur on. Alta COVI't G.P. a. Ile. rrar. No. 1, Heath Lane, in the oceupstion et' Wii!i../n I.l'hittsker. The TENT.rIiE is le seio•id for the residue of a term of 1803 Years Loin 1803 s,,hjeet to the yearly g,ound rent of £2 ss. Lo'r 4. E 11. ITT FUR ICI-it thl) COTTA '4 ES, called •• pichydEoa's E0,.v." at the rear of Lot 5, In the occupation of ,j.,trici Hornbt , P. Mrs. A'hertou. F. Rutter, and otle:rs.. Aso a vacant, PLOT of FRE'FITOLD BUILDING LAND, on the Festeriy aid- of the Coitai;es containing about 557 squire vartz. Lit' 5.-SIX FR ,ETIOLD DIVELLING-ITOTJSES, and a SHOP. Nos. 293 ti 3fri. (even ft 'hers 'Delusive). Liverpool Itoad, Warring-hi, in the occupation of J. Webb, T. Ogden, D. Dun, and other.. LOT 6 A DWELLtNG-1-10171,.8, No. 11, Folly Lane, Warring en, reef:lth itca'w•ied by the late Mr. John Donnell. Also is y..cant. PLiiT of BUILDING LAND, adjoining the above dwelling tome. having tt frontage of about 30 feet to Folly hare. The to';,! ,rea is 817 square yar,•!s, of which up- wa,,-1, of half la upon. The TENURE is lett:t.dasid for the residue of a term of 999 vats from it;92 sohje.lt to the yearly ground rent of £lO ' 3s. Loo' 7.--;1!'1G T Cr: ITAG Nos, 233 10 294 (even num- bers ineht,ive) W:nmik boash Ira ritnzton. occupied by John ,Tow.s. James McKenna, Joint (2,tt no, John nudge, and others. Also S v,e.mf, PLOT o' B r,7 INC] LA r‘T arljoining the Cottages end Er Tittle! Winvrick }load, noon which there Is room for t eeeet.ion of live ettii, hula! Cottsge,. Ale. t I,I'ONIVABLI3 (iRt)UND kV NT o. £3 Bs. 6d issu- in;!: out of a Plot Of land with the 17,W/dings th-reon front- ing I% inwicic I() if, the ado this riot cohtains about 1,352 square yards. The TEN UPI,: is lea.,eh,.hl for the residue of terra of 1,000 year; from 'B2O at tO euilttal .trround rent re £B. Leo' 8.-I'o rii CoT !AGES. Nos. 178. IV, 182 and 184, in the Igloo of Br,: to..tglisedge, and others. he Thi;'.l.ThE is lessehohl tor the rest, ue of a term of 999 years from 18t'.3, st.b.i.ct to a. yeary ground rent of £5 7s. 8,1. For fortle•r information end to see Plans of Lots 2,3, 4. end 5, apply tO Let 2to Mr,srs J. White. Maelye, and Ca., Estate Agents. As to le.ts 3. 4. and sto J. E. WriJit, Esq., Zianveyoraild:ll3 fk, all :he Its hi the Auctioneer Or to 11,ssrs. 1101.11.11 DAViI,7S. IfIiKCONNBL. , D.kYIM, and Ill' (10)48°, Solicitors, Warrington. • • April, 1894.

8-11c0onRdSigoPno70. BE SOLDc Vertical .IhNeaEpandmßaOlLEß, in g oc 0:1 larger.—EatmEß Bros.. builders, Gateacre. king room

To BR SOLD, One Five-ton Hand Overhead Tmvelliag •JL GANTRY complete, equal to new, aud One Five-toa Travelling Hand Jib Orane.—Apply, BtODIRD, Tretriw. R.S.O.

ITYDRAULIC Presses, Pumps, Leathers, Packers' Tools, &c., all eases always in stock, also Engines, Boilers. Machinery, &c.—E. ASQUITH, 17, Mather-at,, Ancoats. uear London Road Station. Manchester.

I 1 0 0 MACHINE TOOLS, comprising LATHES, 14 DI,HI-o,' PLANERS, SHAPERS, RNGINES s TEAM , HAMMERS, MILLING MACHINES, PUNCHING and BENDING MACHINES, Ao., ready--For ligt apply SCOW- BROS., Halifax.

WE LET STONE-BREAKERS, all types, with , II Steel or Iron Frames; also MORTAR MILLS, COB- , CRETE MIXERS, STEAM WINCH, HOISTS, PUMP, ; STEAM CRANES, and PORTARLE ENGINES en Hire Wit) option of purchase. New and second-hand, ready for de- livery,—S. MAsox and Co., Brandon-st.. Leicester.

(„Z. T. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS LIMITED (late OrmerOd. Grierson, and Co. Limited), Hulme, Manchester, halm the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS, Millwright, and all kinds of Engineeeing Work ' promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on apPli- ; cation.—Telephone 229. LTENT OFFICE: E. K. DUTTON AND 00.* CHARTERED PATENT AGENTS arid CONSULTING ENGINEERS, 5, JOHN DALTON-STREET, MANCHESTER. E. K. D. & Co. are Practical Engineers as well as Patent Law Experts, and are therefore able to give reliable advl.o upon the Workable as well as the Patentable nature of an ' vention. Ciroular of Information sent gratis. Established 30 yeall• N. Telephone 752. Telegrams Dotus, Manchester. '

PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BRISTOL. Have in Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. , Pull particulars on application. -

- - pATENT OFF IC Tr MANCHESTE ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha' 1 more than O. years' personal experience in connection with this Establish- ment, and possess practical knowledge of the-cotton, woollen* and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law," price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws, price 15. , GEORGE DAVIES, OIL, & SON, F.1.P.A., M.8.A." , 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE. MANCHESTER. BELL'S ASBESTOS PACKED W A TO' GAUGES, • BELL'S ASBESTOS PACKED COCKS AND VALVES Are the Best Fittings in the Market. When ordering new boilers, steam users should indent W • and insist upon having these instead of antiquated and unre- liable patterns. s• A Sample Set of Ganges or a Ccck will be supplied on atw • months' trial. Illustrated Priced Catalogue post free from - PUTZ, CURPHEY AND CO., THE ASBESTOS, INDIA RUBBER AND BNOINPHOP- STORES, WAREHOUSE, 2, STRAND-ST., JAMES-ST., LIVERPOOL, • Telephone. 1078. Telegrams, ASBESTOS—Liverpool.

.• TUCK AND CO., Limited, INDIA RUBBER & PURE ASBESTOS GOODS. . LEATHER BELTING. HAIR AND AND COTTON BELTING LACES, &c. Guaranteed quality. Lace, Thread, or Copper Sewn, or , CEMENTED ONLY. BON FIDE MANUFACTUREES• 42, Chapel Street. Liverpool, Also at 35, Market Street, Manchester. London, Cardiff, Newport, and Dubltn. LEATHER WORKS. LIVERPOOL.

_ .3C arnrss., R10r5e5., Eart, Dag% kw: SORE SHOULDERS, SORE BACKS, Sze., cline CUBED BY CONDY'S FLUID. Veterinary Book free from 61, Turnmill-Street, Horses suffering from wounds, cuts, bruises, broken knees' cracked heels, grease or thrush, CURED in a few hour, by bathing the parts affected with Condy's (diluted). It makes the hair grow where rubbed off. Prices* 8 oz.. is.; 20 ox • 2e. of all Chemists. VETERINA.RY BOOK free containing full directions W curing diseases f Horses, Dogs, &c. from CoND?. FLUID WoRKs, 61, Turnmill-strcet, London, E C.

I.2IOOPER AND SI AIDION6,' J. COACH BUILDERS, . , 6, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES at Moderate Prices. Good S'''..._. to select from. Estimates for Repairs given free. The work only. Sr.weral Good Second-Hand Broughams. Landaus. Victo' $ Wagonettes. and Phaetons. now for Sale or Hire. -

DLEASURE CARRIAGES and BUSINESS VEHICL-is' of every det4cription, made to order, on most reason* terms. Drawings and estimates free. All new work war. ranted 12 months.—GILBERT BROS., 54, hlaedonald-stree' Birmingham.

ON gotErac—Enslecr acorts3t ittieeee'efeharle&rntesw of Wheelbarrows, Ladders, Bogeys, HandearetSvs tor's, Sister's, Painter's, Farmer's,and cut-door tools in Stoe` all really gaod, great bargains to be made here as We sr. t,eornayne,,ideßsceroirrptiowioll: clearing out for alteration of premises.—Apply to AsnWolo%.: Wheelwright, Lancashire Wheelbarrow Emporium, Stack steads. HORSES I HORSES !! HORSES !!! All colours, sizes, prices.—To Tradesmen and others,—To save nlctee and time and avoid the well-known risks of fairs and an_ ticns and getting a worthless and useless horse foryour ION? nem, your cannot possibly do better than co to W. paßic tls' W00b,6 TO 16, AINSWORTH-STREET COPPERAS-Ulm:4: LIVERPOOL, where you can have one on hire or trial, /fir.' a view to purchase, Hirers for long or short periods liberna' dealt with. Fresh arrivals weekly of young and useful hor'''oi cobs, and ponies, suitable for all purposes. Horses bongbt exchanged,—Note the address.

- THE PHILHARMONIC MEWS, HOPE-STRBA" LIVERPOOL. PROPRIETOR, RICHARD WHITFIELD. High.class CARRIAGE and MATCHING HORSES' HACKS, COBS, and PONIES always on SALE. or Horses of all descriptions always on hire by weak.Wp or year. vao Special terms to Medical and other Professional men, dr can be furnished with complete equipages, including cc"' man, at moderate charges. Superior well-ventilated boxes and stalls for liverY baits. Special accommodation for the reception and safe-keePia of thorough-breds and horses in transit. r,411,1 RICHARD WHITFIELD, whilst thanking the No— - and Gentry of Lancashire for the support with which ' have hinerto favoured him, begs to inform them that be „ill opened the above spacious premises, where his businssslo. be mon conveniently carried on, and trusts to raerit A tinudnce of their kind patronage.

Vtiblirationo. [TOW TO ENSURE HEALTII."—A rae toe work giving; Prescriptions and Instructions ((leo cure of all kinds of Delility; post free, two stamps.— Dr. BARNES, 48, Lonsdale Square, Barnsbury, London, 4."

n , TADIES' HANDY ILLUSTRATED GUI A m By a LADY DOCTOR. I. Free, two stamps. Publisher, 38, Colston-at valuable information and blessing to womankind. J 14— paper. TZ-NOWLEDGE is POWER—Thirteenth All,ll/1:.. 3.x. Edition of Explanatory Book, sent gratis or"'n; ' free. gfres valuable and reliable information bow money quickly and successfully by Stocks and 6,1140 e, Addres3 GPO. EVANS and Co., Stockbroker, 24' Victoria-st., London, E. 0. *FREE TO MEN. to tee° When yon are tired of taking nauseous and 1139:.,t eal! prescriptions and compounds. which do you nogood, ruin your digestive organs, write to me and I will sfe,n ogre a book which describes a QUICK AND CEETA''' tever for lost atrcngth, wasting weakness. from cause arising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO alls ITY. Sent in envolope on recoipt of two stamps for —A. J. LEIGH, 92-93, Great Russell-street. London. W' ''B , WORTHINGTOWS BURTON ALES AND SIOO ' TO, FINDLATER'S DUBLIN INVALID AND Onig3 GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT ,yri• IN CASK OR RoTTLE. FINDLATER'S STOUTS may now be had in 41 gallon eø WHEATLEY'S If OP BITTERS In bottles 01217.• J. M.. BEACON. BREWER'S AGENT AND BOTTLER, t. 14, ST. JAMES-ST., WARRINCITON._, ,

I

F

• 1894. 1894. aDER AT ONCE. • UNSWORTH'S SUPERIOR TAILORING SPRING OVERCOATS. SPRING SUITS. SPRING TP.OUSRRII. . UNSWORTH'S JUV ENILE CLOTHING. NEW STOCK. . SAILOR SUITS. PRINCE SUITS. NORFOLK SUITS. UNSW 0 RTH'S HATS AN I) OUTFITTING. NEW fr,ST STYLES HATS AND CAI'S, TIES AND 6. LOVES. • UNSWORTIPS, HIGH STREET, RUNCORN.

Eirpritsl i3asltnetteo, ZZt.

I

1

(1 CYCLES! CYCLES!! \.JYCLES!!! GARLAND, I RONMO EIL WARRINGTON. SOLE AG :-'NT Mit STANDARD MAKES. 1)11131IIER. EXCELS OR. NEW RAPID, SUNBEAM and EXPR,IisS CYCLES. lARCIEST CASTE DIACOUNT. LOWEST PRICES. SEE WINDOWS. REPAIRS.

I

CYCLES! CYCLES !! CYCLES! ! ! INTENDING BUYERS Will do well to INSPECT our ITiNV STOCK OF FIRST-CLASS MACHINES. PNEUMATICS • FROM TO 1,420 IrtIMBERS, ROTH-WELLS, CHAMPIONS, MONAS, PRIMAB AND ROBIN HOODS. NOTE THE ADDRESS :- ANCASUIRM CYCLE I_JOMPANY. 2, GREAT GEO:CGE-ST. LIVERPOOL. 0, KEMPSEY, Manager.

TRY THE MANATOLA BLEND CEYLON TEA 2s. PER LB. SOLD in +lb. Packets, 6cl. each W. H HURST. 28. MARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

t°R.JULGE CYCLE (0., LIMITED. TUB OLDEST AND LARGEST CYCLE FIRM STILL LEADS. El3sT WORKMANSHIP. . ~ : , BEST MATERIALS. BEST STRENGTH. The Machine for 1594 is the . "T) .11AUDG E." On easy payment system or gool cash discount. , , See our new cut line PNEUMATIC at £l2 12s. NET CASH. !! RUDGE CYCLE CO., LIMITED, ...._ 101, BOLD-STREET, LIVIiRPOOL. SAFETY BICYCLES and TRICYCLES FOR SALE or i. ~„ HIRE. Twenty Safe, ies in stnck. Prices from £1 to ''''3 each.-5, Lea-street. Miry-lane, Wigan.

pNEUSIATIC SAFUTY, unpuncturEd tangent spokes, balls z„ all ov r. lamp and all accessaries, cost £l5, will take Giving up ri,ling —Ap ,ly 6 to 9 pan.-IthwARD _GRTIit. 73 Biro:1,11-st.. off Batt ersbr-lane, Warrington.

SAFETIES! SAFETIES!! SAFETIES!!! CHEAPER THAN EVER. Mod Wonderfal ev r offered. 1.000 Mach;nes, and Se^ono-hancl, in stock; Single Machines at Whole- :"„e Price. 50 per cent. cheaper than other makers. Write at ' "ee for large Lt, poet free. from W. R. WARRILOW, Regent-etreet Safety Works. Weaton-auper-Mare.

CYCLES, CYCI,ES, Covontry Cross, 1894. Cycles now ready, ILht. beautifully fini,hed and up-to-date in t;ttern. See samples at I'AIiKINSONS, 2, Bridge-street, wa,rringtnn. or at Northern Branch, WARMAN and IiAZLE u- Oli, Limited, 134, Deansgate, Manchester.

JAX CYCLES —Prices £3 to £2s.—Pneumatlc and Cus'iion S‘FRTIF.S and TRICYCLES in great •detY• AlLtorestCl in Cycles should write for our 200 ullie Lists for 1891 of over 1,000 New and Second-hand itrumatic, Cushion, and Swlid-tyre Safeties, Bicycles, and Tr!cYcles, anti about 5 0.)0 unsoth2itel t es, imonials post free, irge discountfor cdsh. or easy terms from 10s. per month. act/I'l.s sent 'arriag-!i.aid, to purchaser's address. BRITISH CYCLE MANUFACTURING COMPANY. 45, EVERTON BOND. LIVERPOOL.

1 I. VRANKENBURG'S INFORMATION IS WORTH t RAVI NG I—The Cyc,inz, Ruble don't know yf.t where : I'6' get splendid Machiue. rt 25 per cent.. lea, Accessories at , T Per rent. less. Cycle Capes at 20 per cent. les,, Cushion . tifearu... at 25 per cent :leas. .G,nora,l Repairs more reliable and , 4nd y'r. Ileplatina superior and more durable. Save time : I,h money by nEllinc! or writt inf.; to 'ANKRNBUIIG'S Indiqrtibber and Macintosh Warehouse. 16C-162, SWitI3TFOItD-HOA.D, MANCHESTEX.

TR — 1,./t OLD-ESTABLVIIED BASSINETTE WAREHOUSE% clvare of spurious imii,ticris. The best and cheapest ,t.Cages in the town or district. (No connection with any firm of the same name.) ASEI r0N,74, Samkey-st., Warrington, mann- :4/1 • facturer of Bath Chaire, Rissinettes. Rustic of the hest materials and workmanship, on the ii. under personal supervision. gt_ell-finished Bassinettes ft,m 255., warranted to run -01 t. Mail Carts. Tricycle Horses. Doll Gerriages, c. for Sewing Machines, Wringing and Washing Machines. • aI(S:—BEAMOT-STREET. LARG2ST STOCK OF ' ' lje ASINETTES AIAIL CARTS, IN WARRINGTON. CALL AND INSPIUT OUR NEW SHOW ROOMS. BUY DIRECT FROM THE MAKERS. and save O wr e. nt. 11ENV DESIGNS and NOV fiLTIES for the SEASON Catal,,eile., on application. PASH (Pl. CREDIT. liast year's BASIN ETTES slightly Shp-soiled, HALF-PRICE. ARROP'S, 122. BRIDGE-STREET. WARItINGTON.

THE ' 'IIN GRIFFITH'S CYCLE UORPORATION LIMITED. 411 CASTLE-STREET, LIVERPOOL. HAvn A LARGE STOCK OF ‘. ItALEIGHS. RAGLANS, TnIUMP/18* NEW VAPID% TRENTS, STARS, R. & P.'S FLYING WHEELS, °'.. SPARKBROOKS. FROM £l2 10s. TO £2l - nE " DUNLOP " SPECIAL VALUE AT P 912 q. ssl-s CUSHIONS FROM £8 UPWARDS. • " PNEUMATIC LIVERPOOL " TZLEPLIONR No. 5860. Orders by Post recPives prompt attention. STOCK ENTIRELY NEW.

VOOOOO At from 4 per cent. (trust and other money) to be Advanced on Mortgage or Deposit of Deeds, in sums to suit borrowers, in any part of the country.---J. W. READER. 5, Cook-street, Liverpool. Tel. No. 5,182.

MONEY to LEND in suniB from £lO to £5OO. Repayments cast be arranged to suit borrowers. Prospectus sent free on application to Mr. B. C. DARL.ow, 41, Duke-street, Southport, Sto, k-iu-Trade Dealer.

NO FEES UNLESS CASH IS ADVANCED. QTRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO upwards on L) BORROWERS' OWN PROMISSORY NOTE WITHOUT SURETIES. Upwards of £70,000 now being lent annually. For prospectus and terms, apply to GEORGE PAYNE, Accountant, 20, Kennedy-st., Manchester. ESTABLISHED 1870.

CENTRAL ADVANCE k_,ONIPANY, 25, MARKET-STREET (corner of Corporation-st.). MANCHESTER. LOANS from £lO to £lOOO Fair Interest. No Sureties. Strictly Private. F. W. FLEMING. Manager.

AMANCHESTER GENT fiENI.A.N having a large amount of Uninvested CAPITAL at his command is prepared to ADVANCB same to responsible Persons in Sums of £lO to £lOOO, On the Borrower's simple written promise to repay ; Without Sureties, Delay. Law Costs or Publicity. Also on Deeds, Life Policies, &c., at 5 per cent interest. The amount Borrowed can be repaid by easy instalments or capital can remain so long as the interest is paid, as this office is a bona-fide private concern and not connected with any Loan Office. It is requested that habitual borrowers will not apply. For full particulars apply personally or by letter to J. CAMPBELL, ESQ., MANCHESTER CHAMBERS, 46a, MA.RKET-STREBT, MANCHESTER.

APPLY AND BE CONVINCED. R . PRICE, 27 Cheetham Hill Road, Manchester, LYJ is prepared to ADVANCE LOANS from £5 and up- wards to respectable Householders, Tradesmen, Farmers and others, without Bondsmen or Sureties, at the following scale of interest : £5 LOAN TO BE REPAID £lO £ls £2O £3O ff i f• LARGE SUMS n same proportion. ALL ADVANCES are PAID IN FULL, Distance no object. Money advanced at Borrower's Own House, thus saving them the trot Ale and expense of a journey. Farmers can have Cash on Terms that no other office can possibly offer. Letters immediately attended to.

WIDNES AND WARRING-TON. 4-R . JOHN E. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES iIIFRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working-men, and all respectable Hc aseholders, on their own security. MONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry, on your simple written prcraise to pay back.—Apply Pt VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES, and in WARRINGTON at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane, any Evening from 6t 7. Applications from RUNCORN and District generally receive precisely the same attention.

• MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT. THE Proprietors of THE ik I.C•D•., have always endeavoured to give the BEST POSSIBLE VALUE THAT CAN BE OBTAINED FOR CASH. Transacting business on a LEVIATHAN SCALE. combined with great experience of the Woollen and Tailoring Trade,. they are in a t,osition to offer altogether EXCEPTIONAL advantages to the PUBLIC. THE SHOWROOMS at THE 31.C.D.1 are fully stocked with an amazing variety of NEWEST GOODS for the SEASON, and the Proprietors feel sure an inspection (which is cordially invited.) will aff stal convincing proof, that for SMARTLY CUT, GOOD- FITTING GARMENTS, The M.O.D. are PRE-EMINENT. 8& 10 HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON. E C• D• 1 READY-MADE _ • DEPARTMENT contains an enormous Stock of the New- est and Most Fashionable Goods in specially selected CLOTHS, at astonishingly low prices. GENT'S TWEED SUITS, FROM 18/6 T 645/— TROUSERS, 6/6 TO 13/6 In all the newest patterns of Scotch, Irish, West of Eng- land, and Yorkshire Cloths. A Choice Selection of Tweed Checks, Stripes, and Fancies Bannockburns, Cheviots, Saxonies. Homespuns, and the newest Tweed and Fancy Worsted Stripe Trouserings, always in ;Stock. TIIE endeavour to bring by careful Cut and Good Workmanship, the READY- MADE as near as possible to the Standard of MEASURE ORDER GOODS. / GENT'S Black & Blue SUITS kr° TO 50/ COATS & VESTS, 19/6 TO 40/."' TROUSERS, 7/6 TO 18/— In Fast-Dyed Vicunas, Serges, and the latest Worsted Twills, Corkscrews, &c., bound Real Mohair Braid. As SERGES will be a leading feature this Season, Tha M. C. D., have made a splendid and varied collection of these goods. NOT WITHSTANDING the introduction of New Styles in JUVENILE CLOTHING the D• _ have stoo hesitationo f loi n. e saying ar ih e that f or and Sailor Suit?, will take prec the g edence.Y Saecial attenriTon has been given to thess two styles, and they are being shewn in a large and Pleasing Variety of SCOTCH and IRISH TWEEDS, WORSTEDS,VICUNAS, & SERGEi. BOYS' SAILOR SUITS, With Flannel Front, Lanyard and Whistle, Badge and extra Linen Collar, complete, 3/11 TO 18/— BOYS' NORFOLK SUITS, With Full or Loose Bottom Knickers, 9/ TO 19/6 THE 1°41.C. Del SYSTEM of conduct.- , ing business cannot fail to recommend itself to those desirous of contributing a share of their patronage. All Goods are marked in plain figures. Special Orders can be executed in three days. BOYS RUGBY SUITS, With Loose or Full Bottom Knickers. 7/6 TO 21/— BOYS' TWEED FANCY SUITS. In avarietv of Styles for hard wear, 4/9 TO 15/ in Worsteds, Vicunas and Serges for Nest wear, 6/11 TO 21/— BOYS' DOUBLE-BREASTED REEFER SUITS, With Loose or Full Bottom Knickers, .7/6 TO 21/- 8 & 10, HORSENIARK ET STREET, WARRINGTON.

1D) 1) BEEF 1:3013ILLON. BRAND'S BEEF BRAND'S BEEF BOUILLON. A MOST NUTRITIOUS AND INVIGOIIA'CING BEVERAGE. lk:a:!o by thoSirat,le Adlition of Doffing Water. At a Cost within the reach of all. 11. LITTLE STANHOPE-ST. MAYFAIR. 'A'

UROLERA & FEVERS PREVEYTED. S,.7ANITAS llzNEcrAsTs. KILL ALL 1)13EA."3E FRIG:ZAN'', NON-POISONOUS AND DO NOT STA(N. FLUID, OIL. ENIULSION, POWDlia AND SOAPS AND APPLIANCES FOR ALt4 PURPOSES. TILE -SANITAS "CO., LouTED, DETHNAL GREHN, LONDON. F.

DR. Icorr's PILLS Cure Headache an 4 Sickness. Cure Incliaest iOll. Cure Flatulence and Heartburn. Cure all Bilious Affections.

DR. Scorrs Pius Are a Tonic Pur:fier. Stren,t hen the Whole System. Induce Cheerfulness.- Invitluatile as a Family Medicine. SCOTT'S PI LIAs Cure Loss of Appetite. Cure Depressiou of›ipirits. Cure ad Disorders of the 13lood. • Cure Lass.tude and Nervousness.

SCOTT'S BMWS AND LIVER PILL.* Ara wrapped in a ao,mtre green paokay,e, beario2 th name of the proprietor, W. LAgiillirr 173, Seymour London, W by poet for 14 or 34 spi m 02.

(4-3) •V/ • W9g, C-mbetitors to save as many " SUNLIGHT " Soap Wrappers as they can collect. C • t off the top portion of each wrapper—that portion containing the heading 'SUN. --valil4l,;'. LIGHT SOAP.' These (called the " Coupons ") are to be sent, enclosed with a sheet of paper on which tne Competitor has written his or her full name and address, and the number of coupons -ens in, nostao• pKM, to Messrs. Lever Brothers, Limited, Port Sunlight, near Birkenhead, marked on the Postal WYrarpr-: (top lett-oand corner) with the NUMBER of the DISTRICT Competitor lives

ofi Foe this Corepetition the United Die- Xangdo,e wit be divided into triet.„ 8 Districts as under: _ - IRELAND. 2 SCOTLAND. 3 MIDDLESEX, KENT, and SURREY. 4 NORTHUMBERLAND, DURHAM, and YORK. SHIRE. 5 CUMBERLAND, WEST- MORELAND, LANCA- SHIRE, and ISLE OF MAN.

Every month, In each of the 8 dis- tricts, the 5 Competitors who send the largest number of Coupons from the dis- trict in which they reside, will each receive, at winner's option, a Lady's or Gent's "Premier" Safety Cycle, with Dunlop Pneumatic Tyres, value £2o* The next so Competitors will each receive, at winner's option, a Lady's or Gent's "Waltham" Stem-Winding Silver Lever Watch, value £4 45. The next 200 Competitors will each receive a Book, published at ss. The next 300 Competitors will each receive a Book, published at 38. 6d. The next 400 Competitors will each receive a Book, published at 25. 6d. The next soo Competitors will each receive a Book, published at 2S. The next i,OOO Competitors will each receive a Book, published at is. RULES. I. The Competitions will Close the last day of each month. Coupons received too late for one month's tom. petition will be put into the neat. 11. Competitors who obtain wrappers from unsold soap in dealer's stock will be di,qualitled. Employees of Messrs. Lever Brothers, Limited, and their families, are debarred from competing. 111. A printed list of Winners of Bicycles and Watches, and of Winning Numbers of Coupons for Books in Competitor's District will be forwarded, 21 days after each competition closes, to those competitors who send Halfpenny Stamp for Postage, but in oil cases where this is done, "Stamp enelo,ed" should be written on the form. IV. Messrs. Lever Brothers, Limited, will award tho prizes fairly to tho best of their ability and judgment, test it is understood that all who compete agree to accept the award of Messrs. Lever Brothers, Limited, as final.

: . , -.:.,...,„-4-414,,,4-„.i,,,-,.„.:„t,,,,,4,;-:.;,.4.,;,:7,1.,';':„.,:: THE GREAT REMEDY FOR PAT 1/4.., a a X A Prompt ani Permanent Cure. .. For Pains and. Ache; it has no equal. It is the best. • The world knows it. Thousands are cured. . . .10...1.1..•41M.W.0./.1•••••• rr C 0 P'9 cb9 Fi 117 ti. NZq V 0. .1V '. 4 A ,'' !.') L'a--" xkcii,,, - ... ... - _

Ashton-in-Makerfiehl,Earlestown, Colborne. Lowton. t Winwick. , All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-rut der-Lyne, Blaa burn. Blackpool. Bolton, Burnley, Ple-twood, Liverpool, Manchester, Old:eam, Ormskirk. Pro Cot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalvbrldge, Wigan, Yorkshire. North-West f Eng- land. and North of Ireland (Day Mailßirmingham, Chester, Crewe. London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, on Wales, Stke from'. Stock err , NVar- rington , Woiverba in pron. Ire- land (Day Mail) and Plreign. Belfast. Birkenhead; Birmingham. Burnley, Buxton. Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire, Liverpool, North Wales.Preston.St.lfettms, Southport, and South IVales Ashton-in-gakerfield, Bari-stowm. Golborne. Lowron t Win wick.... Warrington, Manchester. Oldham, Stockport, and al! Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parrs—Getter:4 Night Mall: - SUNDAY DESPATIMICI: I All Pints—Oeueml Night 'fail.

WEEK-1) kri. 10 15 a.m., 12-20.. 1-30. and 8 p.m 9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30 a.M . and 5-33, p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 3 7-10 a.m. arid 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-58 • L' 6-40 a.m. and R-33 p.m. * These are Telegraph Offixt also 10 a.m., 2 and 7 p.m. 3 a.m. and 4-30 p.m. 5. 10 a.m.. 12 noon, 2 1, • 7 p.m. 6-4 a p.m. 8-15 a.m. and 5-45 n..m. 9-30 a m. and 7 p 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 p.m. 7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

POSTAL INFORMATION POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON. ' , LIST OP WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the the time to which a Letter can be poste with Ordinary Postage. and with an Extra Haltpenn Stamp.

ESTABLISHED 1851. BIRKBECK BANK, Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane. London. TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEREST allowed on DEPOSITS, repayable on demand. TWO per CENT. on CURRENT ACCOUNTS. on minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below £lOO. STOCKS, SHARES, and ANNUITIES purcnased and sold SAVINGS DEPARTMENT For the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receives small snrn on deposit, and allows Interest monthly on each completed £1 BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIEFY HOW TO PURCHASE A HOUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH. BIRKBECK FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH. The BIEKBECK ALMANACK. with Pull particulars, post fre FRANCIS RANENSCROFT. Manager.

rllO MARRIED PEOPLE. —lnvaluable information, for either sex, sent on receipt oc stamp.—Address W. HIGSON. Box 732, North-street, Nottingham.

juNo cymis VEARRYE BEST. Rigid, Swift, Light. EASY TH E JUNO Racers 20Ibs. TERMS JUNO 7......._ ......„.. J uasnodßyoaodustthesr,s2B l Safetiesb. 17( ,-/ " ' Justo Lady's, Military 7\yr I , 1! Fol«Ing and other /1...„„,_ _. TriPycles which 'oats 23 Ifta ~---4.-,'-. ' \--.:-..t r, -4.441,.. 4.; POST `4,4 is4A/ Send at one i for JuNo ..,"------1-- lllustrated List 150 CASH Dl§ & CARRIAGE PAID pages post free. Mac- hines, fittings, parts, sundries,press opinions 12 Monthly Payments or Cash Dis- and riders testimonials count. Carnage Paid. Second-hand Machines in immense variety. Sole Matters of the Juno— METROPOLITAN MACHINISTS' CO., LIMITED. 75 and 73, Bishopsgate Without, London, E.C.

THE FINEST MEDICINE IN THE WORLD FOR COUGHS, ASTHMA, BRONCHITIS, INFLUENZA, CONGREVE'S BALSAMIC ELIXIR In Bottles, x 1134, 2(9, 4/6. Sold by all Medicine Houses. Mr. G. T. Gongreve's Book on Consumption and all Chest Diseases, ivith Appendix, containing many remarkable cases, post free for is. from Coombe Lodge, Peckham, London, S.B.

MAirilllipolrrfneLeAtoDlandai se sa v tuaarnb aardmalreessss re edce envelopeipte,f great for particulars, Mrs. E. WILSON, Elder Grove, Sheffield.

WORTH A GUINEA A BOX. --__ I ,b 4 • ti. vi ',:. - ~,.,..'<l 1.,,, ! - •, , 4!? -.., . s , • • •C . 4.. ; s --, ~ la I. 0 ,411 , .. ,_ V. A, YOR ALL BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, SUCH AS SICK HEADACHE,

and FEMALE. AILMENTS. _ ANNUAL SALE, :EIX MILLION BOXES. In Mixes, 9d., 1 l ani 2s, 9: each wbli !WI directions. The 11,1, Pox. eo, tins 56 Pll : Pin,:o.i.nun ()Nix 13,"1nn 11toeiii, Ton_ THOMAS BEECUM, St ile!orn, Lancashire. .BEEGHAm, s TOOTH PASTE EFFICACIOUS—ECO NOMICAL— CLEANSES THE TEETH —PERFUMES THE In Collapsible Tubes, of all Drug Oar., or from tile Proprietors. fur is., post-paid.

C)NE BOX OF CLARKES' B 41 PILLS is war- ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs, in either sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Pains In the back. Cltsaranteed free from Mercury. Sold in Boxes, 4s. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Battlit Medicine Vendors throughiait the World ;or sent to any address for sixty stamns by the Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY. Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; BARCLAY & Sox:, London, and all the Wholesale Houses.

ONE POUND OUT OF EVERY THIRTY POUNDS OR TEA CONSUMED IN GREAT BRITAIN IS SOLD BY BROOKE, BOND & Co. This is an absolute fact, and it is the best possiblo proof of the value of OUR TEA. Prices: 1/2, 1/4, I/8, 2/.., 2/4, or 2/8 per lb. WE HAVE AGENTS throughout this district, and we will gladly tell you the name of our Agent nearest to you if you will ask us by post card. OUR AGENTS draw their supplies, ready-packed and labelled, constantly from us, and they sell exactly the same teas at precisely the same prices as at our well-known Warehouses. WE ARE GLAD to receive applications from ener- getic tradespeople for Agencies wherever we are not already represented. Selling our Tea has long been a regular Annuity to Thousands of enterprising lien and Women. BROOKE, BOND & CO., LTD., 57, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER. And at LEEDS, BRADFORD, and LONDON.

DOUGLAS'S REAL RHEUMATIC CURE Is the only safe and true remedy for Rheumatic, Sciatic, and Gout. The Real 'thematic Cure is a liquid medicine to be taken internally. It speedily des- troys and drives out of the system the morbid and REAL gou t y matter which excites and produces all the pains and infiam- RHEUMATIC ations which are associated in an attack of rheu- matism, whether CURE. acute or chronic. Never known to fail in Rheumatic fever.-24,Canute- Dear Sir, my daughter was afflicted for two years with rheu- matism and was attended by three doctors and given twin- curable. The day before taking your medicine she fainted for want of appetite and loss of sleep. After taking two bottles of your Real Rheumatic Cure, she was restored to health. Yours faithfully, Mrs. Hoskinson. Witness to this Cure, Rev.Joceph D.Sexton, The English Martyrs,Preston. , Other testimonials sent free. The Real Rheumatic Cure is ' sold by all Chemists throughout the United Kingdom at 1 2s, 9d. per bottle, or post free with lull directions, 33 stamps from the Proprietors : DOUGLAS AND CO., 24, GI/INISHAW-ST., BURNLEY.

7 - 7 ESTABLISHED 1E43. 1 Steam Friction and ~, , I L-, ,-I_, Geared Hoist. ---- ___ „.., _,.,. __ J., 4, ‘.. Tir Q '--14 V-4- ___,.9444-i. ,-, lit,i,,, Wm. JOIIL,(Li A „-_,.• ____lelita„,, , ...1 _, ~ _,, ,„=.,,,-____ p , . W. Jones & Sons, ~ # . and SONS, i , ,_ ~....„--,....,y, ' ' 4 '-- .1.// ' :--:=-4, /fs::. Makers of every des , cription of A.-; 1 - ~s "t-- ~-~4 . --- --; ;1 i Makers and Patentees ,_,_i, , $14_,41. Ar '/ ,4 , : ,_,:, .. " Steam, liarid, & Hydraulic of the ' ,--,-,-.=-- .'„ .._ _--._ .. Noiseless Friction & ~,t,i.-/ i' 4,P--- - 7_-_i---_: ; .‘ Lifts & Hoists, --- ---------7‘, .c.k;41.441/' a En6hies, Boilers, --------- _ ....,..... _±- --4,..%.5.1,1_,___ b _ ,-- _ Geared Winches .--_-------.--_—_-..------E-------,..__s:, ---- re,rl 2,---,-, .--.----.-----..---;--:-----74.:-.--27----___:.._ (Fitted with Automatic Chemical & -.-=-1-_-•::7---.-7.__-:.-‘...,.---,___ , =i-r- .4,4, - =- _ .7- L--." ~- --..---------- =, . • -...„.:_:- Brakes.) l'----?--- Soap Plant, &c. _ . :.--....,.-_,--.--,.....-..--:-.:,-4.-........--.:--. ------ - . - .--,-----,-,-------1-

W OMAN'S FRIEND, HUXLEY'S SPECIAL SAVE A DOCTOR'S FEE. MIXTURE. THE MOST POWERFUL AND ADVICE TO LADIES (FR)E). EFFECTUAL MEDICINE KNOWN ' LADY SPEOIAST (qualified) many rears The recipe of a famous French Physician. Quick, sure. A att... Uto a Fem de Hospit,i, is e ,abled to POSl- and certain. Never fails to Relieve and Cure, no thstter bow TIVELY GUARANTEE the DESIRED RS ,LT in a few caused. Post free to any a.idress for 2s. 91. or ss. 61. per hours, no mater how long ?trading the IRREGULAR' a b3ttle. Full instructions with each. may be, and even %%lien everything else has tailed. Send for the WIFE'S- FRI END, a heok for every ?roman Write at once, eaclosing bt i,:u ~:ed address, d who wishes to keep healthy.—D. GL,ASGOW HUXLEY, envelope. to M.D. (U.S.), 176. Cemetery-road. Sheffield, and Masonic SPECIA LIST Buildings (opposite Market). Rotherham. 295. STRAND. W.C.

11 .44 S--•;-'"" -if je ' S 0 (-0 T H I POWDERS, FOR CHILDREN CUTTING TEETH. IN JSE OVER FIFTY .(EARS.

"JOHN STEEDMAN, CHEMIST, WALWORTH, SURREY." is engraved on the Government Stamp affixed to each packet.

• •- ~ 4"-, .4,,,,,,,.-...-•„--./.7-4.-,,,;„-, z : :,.-. -.. 44.4,,,,Aki.1.,,-,:-.4,,A4? ~,•••,,..ii,•; It is a THIN IT' !. • ••••.-4,4 .54 I.ik ~ t„....• -#.441 ~, P,.-,,,-, •T-,i,-, TAKES UP NO „,„._.,,„ ROOM IN THE ~b. 4 . "1.-. • 0.1:. ' v.,,,,.c,... :-.., ~ -.-.. • ... ..V4-...titifro44 • • --'54:. ..54";!...1 ~....L'..., .-... ~.., . BOOT. It is especially useiut tor 1(1...1),Jk..-iNt, EALARGED Iva JulN IS, which so spoil the symmetry of otherwise beautiful feet. THOU E SANDS HAV BEEN CURED, some of whom have suttered for FIFTY YEARS, without belng able to get relief from nnv other remeciv. • e.v.• -.... ~‘.."...1...,,, -, ... • ~.-yiv,-4 ,<V ' ' ';—• - "it•-c"."--'44'.,,,, , "1--ei., ' ~',i,„1t4.-if x ~... ..: .A.- e . .g.;_, r ' ••••,A . .;.• . A., l',` s.. •viro,, ' ... .. „4...-1,- V - v. ..• ... 1.. " A , ... .‘t ,„ ~,' " , •fr 3 T.? • ' . , en 4 ,44 t, i eiN ' 4,4? 4.41'` 4,-' V..,., . v i...v•ig ' 7 tat '.,41,v, -i 3 r - ' .415,.. ' A VT.', ‘..1,t1i -4,.. ~' /1 :.: t. it ''.• .. ' • 't"'4,l7ose 4.1 ‹..491, Va l' CO" tli.:.• .. 'l'. , N.'. , ,•,,...- ...z+, r-,... . --,.-I'4 4 ‘• ~.-"e•,4 ..Tt,.. ,i,c 'l, -,,,. • -,,,,,, *,... • •-• ;..d.; ' ' ' '..; ..4 -,,,, ..k..a? •. i ~, • - . ....,,,,,A , A t:Ial of a hox is. earnestly. :ollcitcd It acts like magic in relieving all Pain and -- 0 • -,, Ve., 44,,,, , •?" t% 1....." ' - - 0,- Throbbing, and soon i...n t : 4 ,A 1 ,j. 14 :e s,' cures the most obsti- ~l, ~ '4 tZX 1 . ''i • I:r4 ,1 nate Corns 'a Bunions. .... :,.., :"4•-, I;:t...?Mlkf', '. s-.. V. ',;,..?,e,i(ett4,'''44 i ' Is tHe MO. sa, nMIIIOIEYSE eizer disco-waved; Free for 14 stamps from 11 BEE MI TA & SON Christs CHELTEMIIif4 Boxes, is. lid., the Solo Proprietors, , . - I --, 1 . of all Chemltts.

. . • , NEW HARRISON SWIFT GOLD MEDAL. LADIES ! tt : ' I NITTER DR. LIDINGTON'S NEN, IIEDICAL DISCOVERY for mar: ieilor single women is po,itively the safest and most I successful method known for removing all Irregularities and Ohstructions no matter how caused wr long standing. no 5 - • GLOVES KNITS Eithekings riCLOTHING in bbed or Plain nau eons pits. powders. mlxturrs or any either useb,cs A ; . .: .i,. / . and WOOL. SILK. or COTTON. INSTRUC. stomach medicine to take. Failure impossible under *Ws t 5 4 TIGNS FREE. Lists t'd. per poet • treatment. Sufferers may obtain particulars tree o charge ; . 1 TRIUM PH ANT AWARD at PARIS. The only by sending stamped aadressed •nvelope to Dr. I,,IDINGTON. Iv INNEP. in the WORLD of 4 GOLD MEDALS • and 22 other lionourt HAnKIBO,; KNITTING lIACRINE CO. 46 Southampton Buildings, Holborn, London. works: 43. Upier Brat St., Knoehooter. .

. F:i c 4 'S• _ . , , L i H . ~.... ... at* . IN IT ci 0 1 i I\T Tllhi E 3 1 i erki T I‘.. 13_ L.,/ Lai L) u C 1 i i i $y 1 LNT i , i, , Are acknowic„,red , ~, to 1).2, - il., -' T-T The. Best Medicines for Family use. _ ~.NUFACTURED °Nix AT 78, M El 7. 0X r 0 Itil STILE k.T. LONDGN. A nri ~,,i(l ig ,C 1 iltylic;,, l'ig,,,,rs th.oirgkord tAt! World. . £llc.: Cr.tti, iv; tue aboro asidi t.,,, (A.,ny, 141.w0.. n tin: Lours If Ii and 4, or by IP,tttr.

E1V13140, ;ON FOR %14,' t BRUISES CHEST COL D 3 SORFTHROATIomCOLD-STIFF HESS 11 421 repered only by ELLIMAN SONitCgSlouthEnit,

_ 10i4 RHEUMATIS LUMBAGOI SPRAI,tiS. /rO5 / t I II %so E3RUISS' 2R- c CHEST COLDS • 141 vCRETHROATmCOLD-STiFFNESS __e__ 1... ri 1;a au erteaa.

These tiny soluble CAPSULES are su- perior to Balsam of - Copaiba, Oulobs or I, astringent liquids 4% and CURE IN 48 ,g HOURS the same D nv ne e diseases wncith.out in- C,7774,Y8 rt.rAed 4/6 of an Chemists, or post free from WIIA3OXBS C0.,239 Oxford St. ,London,W.

_ MA Riff AG ES. YATES—SEFTON —On April 18th, at Halton-road Wesley Church, Runcorn. by the Rey. j. Hanby, Mr.. Hobe° Yates, elde-t on of CAptain Yates, and MiAs Sarah Ann Sefton, only dauglit :r of the late Mr. Henry Sefton, o°o- - Runcorn. STOCKTON—HRLsBy.—AprII 19th, at the Parish rington, by the Rev. Ahred Brench7y• I3ater, Thom"' Stockton to Annie lielsby. WESTBROOK—Ihm—ApriI 19th, at St. Thomas' Ch/1011. Stockton Heath, by the Rev. C. 11. 11. Vernon, Thonll',,x. Westbroik, to Helen (Nellie) daughter of William IF' Warrington. DEATHS, SPEAKMAN—Frances Speakman of Park-rca I. Newton-1e- Willows, April 16th, 1891, aged 60 years. 11- VERNON.—ApriI 12th at School Brow, Teresa Vernon, ag years. %Alf LAMBERT.—ApriI 12th, at St. James"-st., Minnie Ulan's' aged 11-years. IkiESSENGER.—ApriI 13th, at Mersey-st., Elizabeth Graham Messeng.r, azed 45 years. LAYIAND.—ApriI 15, at Rolleston-A,. James Layland. aged 64 y; ars. cb WRENCH.—AprII 13th, at Lythgoes-lane, Samuel Wrerl• aged 1 year. • RICHARDBON.—ApriI 16th, at Turner-st— Blizibeth son, aged 2 years. tiouGuTox.—April 14th, at Sycamore Bank, Saal<o.9. "'Pa years, Sydney Houghton oldest son of John Vineaut a Florence Houghton. • _ EMORIATA CARDS, %OS CIRCULARS, BILLHEADS, MEMORANDUMS, Handbills, Window Bills, Posters, and printing of executed with neatness and despatch by ,10HN S. the Borough Press 34, Bridge-street, THE MANCHESTER TAILORING & CLOTHING DEF°l'' 8 A 10, HORSEMARIERT-ST., WARRINGTON:.;,7 • ARE SHOWING the LARGEST RANGES of all N MAKES of CLOTHS for MOURNING WEAR jO WORSTEDS, SERGE, VICUNAS, LLAMA 84 HOP n• SUITS READY MADE OR TO MEA.ilnar,c, at short notioe for MEN, YOUTHS and BOYS 51 " Well made and thoroughly
