===== 0002601_18941201_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
REPORT ON "PLAIN" FOOD. BY MR.

T. WILLIAMS, F.C.S.

" From careful survey the Meal proves of excel-" 't lent composition and purity. It contains over SO" " per cent. of (dry) feeding and fattening ingredi- " " ents, and these of the soundest descriplon. I" "have seldom analysed a sweeter feeding meal, nor" " of its class one better calculated from per centage " "of richness to yield the stock-breeder or dairy" farmer a more promising return." FOR SAMPLES AND PRICES APPLY TO

RICFIAUD ATKINSON AND CO., 11, DRURY LANE,

===== 0002601_18941201_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
LIVERPOOL.

, . . . _ . . . 1 - .4,..4............,, - "',-,-- .. ,- -.-. '7.-.....:.-- --.- ---..---__..4„ , ----7,-- - - - --, ~-,-, ---- -..... ~. ....., -. '..,,

-

a. •

- iamb, " . • _ _

tte!

Werit,,*l4,44

'f4A

===== 0002601_18941201_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
SPECIAL ATTENTION HAS BEEN GIVEN TO THE ORDER DEPARTMENT. THE M.C•D• are displaying New Ranges of High-class OVERCOATINGS and SUITINGS. MEN'S OVERCOATS. 251- 27/6 To Measure MEN'S SUITS, 32/- 38/ To Measure N. ENS TROUSERS, 8/6 10/6 To Measure ' FIT AND WORKMANSHIP GUARANTEED. High. class Cutters and Workmen Employed. THE M.C.D. make all their own Clothing and DEAL DIRECT with Customers with- out INTERMEDIATE PROFITS.

SEE WINDOWS. THE MANCHESTER

TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT. 8 &. 10, HORSEMARKET STREET,

WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
R. IsHERWOOD, HOUSE AND COMMISSION AGENT, 57, TANNERS'-LANE, WARRINGTON, Established 1873. Rents and Debts collected.

Agent for Fire. Life. Accident, Employers' Liability, Live Stock and t late Glass Insurance Co.s.

Lowest Current Rates, Prompt and Liberal 6ettlements.

IL CLAMP & SON, . MANUFACTURBRS OF TRAVELLING REQUISITES.

GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16s. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 24e. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9s. 6d. 391 AND 411 DALE STREET.

121 LORD STREET, AND 8, PARKER STREET. LIVERPOOL

IN 0 SMOKE, NO CHIMNEY, NO DUST, NO GAS. NO OIL. BOYLE'S I Burning the New Smckeless Fuel. I See the latest b-fore you purchase. I IRONING MADE EASY. Charcoal and gas irons STOVES.-{ entirely superseded. A self-heating iron for 5s I Thousands selling. Supplied on approval. SHOWROOMS. I 41. DEANSGATE (opposite tram offioe) PATENTS. I DALHAN4 ENGINRBRING WORKS, I Great Bridgewater-street. Oxford-street, t (one minute from fit.. James's MAUI)

A BOON TO LADIES. COLLINS' MARVELLOUS FEMALE REMEDY.

Mr. COLLINS (who was 30 years a member of the Royal College of Surgeon s of England) will forward, free of Charge full PARTICULARS of a REMEDY, which during an extensive practice, both at borne and in the Colonies he has never known to fail in the most OBSTINATE CASES of t,BiTHUCTION and IRREGULAR/TIES. Send addressed envelope for full particulars, and waste no more time and money on useless Pills and so called Remedies, Lc., which, in the majority of eases, are nothing but PUR- GATIVES, and.cau.e SIOK RS'S, PROSTRATION, and PAIN, without having the desired effect. Letters to be addressed: D. COLLINS, Gothic House, 9, Erskine Street,

Liverpool

===== 0002601_18941201_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
14 REE TO INTEL

When you are tired of taking nauseous- and mysterious• prescriptions and compounds, which do you nogood, but only ruin your digestive organs, write to me and I will send yon a book which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN care tor lost strength, wasting weakness, &.4., from whatever cause arising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELECTRIC- ITY. Sent in envolope on receipt of two stamps for postage A. J. LEIGH. 92-93. Great Russell-street. London. W.C.

RAPHAEL'S ALMANAC FOR 18.95..

Contains Hints to Farmers and Gardeners; Birthday In- formation for every day of the year; the Fate of any hild born during 1895. When to buy, Sell, Court. Marry. Set F,wls, Seek Employment, Sign Contracts. Ask Favors, Hire- Servants, Deal with Others, Speculate, Travel, Remove cte.

Weather & general Predictions; Farming & othet Tables dtc.. &c. 116 pages. Prices 6d. post free 7d. Foulsham & Co.. 4. Pilgrim St.. Ludgate Hill, 8.C.. Lows nd LAITILWATE, Warrington and all Stationers.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
BOVRIL

FOR INVALIDS

50 times more NOURISHING

than ordinary MEAT EX rRACT

OR BEEF TEA:

c;01, • .46:410.A: C 6/ ivy • - if Jfri • ''"' • N,a,' Wit-41: • if I 1\ ,71 •,; 41, , 1,11

===== 0002601_18941201_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

EXTRAORDINARY AERIAL PHENOMENON, flight of steps." UNLIKE the majority of things in this queer world, fogs are always mist till they are gone. A LITTLE GIRL describes a snake as "a thing that's a tail all the way up to its head." • THE "GRATE UNKNOWN."—One that will really "save half your coals." A R-:OT and shoe shop hangs out the sign, "Cast-iron Lasts!' We all know it does, but we don't want any boots made of it, just the same. GAOLER in German lock-up (to prisoners) : "If you don't stop that singing and whistling, I'll throw you both into the street !" A SOUND DEFENCE.—The Old Man: " Humph ! When I was your age I didn't wear kid gloves and carry a cane!" Algy (in an injured tone): "Well, father, I should think you'd expect to find some improvement in the family since that time." IT is popularly supposed that a man is most courageous when his stomach is full. But the nightmare that nearly scares the life out of us usually comes after a hearty supper. A POETIC Hibernian explains that love is com- monly spoken of as a "flame" because its a "tinder sentiinent." MIGHT BE WORSE. —Mrs. Youngbride : "George seems to be different, somehow, since our mar- riage." Mrs. Sinnick " Tline will remedy. that, my dear. He'll soon be indifferent. INQUIRING INFANT: "Ma, what is a nepotist ?" Ma : " A person who favours his relations." In- quiring Infant: "Then I suppose I'm one, for pa always says I favour you." "1 WANT to see the head of the house," said a pedlar to Mrs. Darley, who had answered the ring. "I am sorry," she replied, as she gently closed the door, "but baby is asleep just now." IN THE HEART OF LONDON. —Gentleman (to Irish valet) : " You're late again, Mike ! I told you, when I engaged you, that you'd have to be up with the lark." Irish Valet: "Show me the lark, sorr, an' Oi'll be up wid it ! " "Now, remember Belinda," said Mrs. Sharply to her daughter just married, "violence in anydiing is most unladylike. Of course, you will some- times disagree with your husband, but always hit him with the soft end of the broom."

"A

1. -

THE following epigrammatic quatrain was written by a well-known bachelor-poet in a lady's album: "All honour to woman—the sweetheart, the wife, the delight of the fireside by night and by day, who never does anything wrong in her life, except when permitted to have her own way." RAILWAYS are like laundresses—they have ironed the whole country, and occasionally do a little .mangling. THOUGH a woman can keep a secret if she has to, she can't keep secret the fact that she has a secret to keep. IT is said that history repeats itself, and yet, even with this assistance, it is not every scnool boy who can repeat his history. IRISH MAGISTRATE: "Were you prisint whin the assault was committed on ye?" Witness: "May it plase the court, I had just got there." A MUSICAL critic, in descanting upon the superior musical taste of his town, says :—" Our ears have been cultivated till they overshadow all our other organs." CIRCUMSTANCES ALTER CASES. Unmarried Lady: "It must be a great thing when husband and wife are of one mind." Married Lady: "That depends on whose mind it is." PAT'S EXACTNESS. —Mike : "An' what are ye diggin' out that hole for, Pat ?" Pat: " Arrah an' it's not the hole I'm diggin'. out. I'm diggin' tbe dirt and lavin' the hole !" GENTLEMAN: "I see, waiter, that attendance is charged for in the bill, so I shall not give you a tip. [presume you don't expect one?" Waiter (sarcastically) : "Oh, no; I only expect tips from gentlemen ! ' FASCINATING WIDOW: "And what are you doing nowadays?" Gentleman: "Oh, amusing myself looking out for Number One. And you?" She: "Looking out for Number Two." IT is only guileless boyhood that vows he "will never do it again." Even when caught in the act, the full-grown man of sound mind tries to prove that he didn't do it at all. " TO3IMIE," said the teacher, "define the word widow—what is a widow ? " "A widow," began Tommie, slowly, "is a—a woman —" " Yes?" said the teacher. "A woman what wants to get married again," continued Tommie. "My dear sir," said the doctor, "it you will go on drinking like that you'll get--' "Well, what?" snapped the old man. "The technical name for it is delirium tremens." " Wed, that won't hurt me. I'm a professional snake. charmer." "AND you were very successful as a mission- ary ?" "Yes." "Did you get the heathen to believe that the whale swallowed Jonah ?" "Yes. They didn't think it remarkable at all, after I told them how many people had swallowed the story." NOT GOING Up.—One evening a vessel going down the Thames was brought to a atop by a thick fog. An impatient passenger went forward to the pilot, and the following dialogue took place Passenger: "Why can't we go on ?" Pilot: "'Cause we can't see the water, sir." Passenger: "But you can see the stars!" Pilot: "Yes, but we ain't goin' up there unless the b'iler busts." "AN old negro came before the bench, charged with some trivial offence. "Haven't you a lawyer, old man?" inquired the judge. "No, sah." "Can't you get one." "No, sah." "Don't you wan't me to appoint one to defend you?" "No, sah ; I jes' tho't I'd leab the cast to de ign'ance of de co't." A LAWYER'S PUN.—Mr. Justice Page was re- nowNed for his ferocity upon the bench. While upon circuit, a facetious lawyer named Crowe was asked if the judge was not just behind. "I don't know," said Crowe; "but if he is, I am sure he was never just before." ONCE a careless man went to the cellar and stuck the candle in what he thought was a keg of black sand. He sat near it, drinking wine, until the candle burned low. Nearer and nearer it got to the black sand—nearer and nearer, until the blaze reached the black sand—and, as it was nothing but black sand, nothing happened. A YOUNG man in Wales is humility personified. The other day he asked a young lady if he might be al:owed the privilege of go!ug home with her, and was indignantly refused. Whereupon he inquired very humbly if he might be allowed " to sit on the fence and see her no by." South Shirhis is said to posse's tha oldest lifeboat in existe,,re. It has biwn in 11Se since 1830, sud by means of it '-,ne thousand and twenty-eight pov.ons have been rescued.

MOXON'S NURSERY BOON

(Unequalled for DESTROYING NITg, and PAR A.SITES in the HUMAN HAIR.) OF CHEMISTS and the PROPRIETOR, J. L. M 0 X 0 N. 252, PAEK-ROAD. LIVEAPOOL. ed. and ls. per bog. Post Free 73/4 and Is. Please mention this paper.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0008.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

e-s' •

===== 0002601_18941201_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PLAGUE OF LIFE

A "Little Cough," THE RUIN OF HEALTH: A" Little Cough. THE FORERUNNER OF DEATH: A " Little Cough." Which maybe CURED now by the IMMEDIATS USE of

_ ALL'S ~ LUNG RESTOREn FOR INFLUENZA Registered AND ALL CHEST f UNG AND THROAT 1--4 RESTORER COMPLAINTS. Never Fails. it POSSESSEST (1E POWER LUNG IO SOOIHE, RELIEVE and IlEst., which exists in n,> RESTORER other preparation. Foa COUGHS LUNG on COLDS. PESTORER .11) Never Fails. It NEVEI FAIL.; to GIV/5 INSTANT RELIEF. 11 UNG i-4 RESTORER THE FIRST DOSE Is A SOOTHING PRE- LUNG LUDE To THE 'CURE. RESTORER . INDUCEi SLEEP Calm and Refreshing. '. T UNG DOES NOT CONTAIN -1--4 RESTORER LAUDANUM, OPIUM, or ! Never Fails MORPHIA. LUNG FOR WHOC?ING 1 RESTORER CoUGli, 1 T UNG IT ACTS LIKE A CHARM. 1 I._J RESTORER Children like it. Never Falls. ONE BOTTLE. HALL'S 131 D. LuNIIESTORPROVES ITS VALUE. Registered ER ESTABLISHED 40 YEARS. 1 GIVES INSTANT NEVER NEVER i RELIEF. FAILS. FAI_LS.

;EXTRACT FROM LETTER OF WITNESS BEARER:— Mrs. M. A. Smith, Orphan Home for Girls, Croydon. To Mr. TELO3. Hait..—" DELA Sill, —I am pleased to tsstify to the great benefit derived from the use of your LUNG RESTORER, which I have given to s,-.veral children in, my Home—in two cases particularly its effects were marvel- lous, having cured most obstinate Coughs. I shall be pleased t.) recommend it to all my friends."

CAUTION.—When you ask, ask fore Bottle of HALL'S LUNG RESTORER, don't be persuaded to accept anything else. Upon the oataide wrapoer of every genuine Battle • otwars my Tradq Mark (the figure of HOPE) and Signature. Beware of fraudulent imitations awl innovations. Sold by Chemists and Stores everywhere, in Bottles. 1,11 d. and 2s. 9d. Should there be any difficulty in obtaining, it will be sent carriage paid, ou receipt of 11.0.(1. tor the amount, from TkIO. HALL, 24, Queen Vict.3o4,- tatret, London, E,C.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

MY DEAREST Nzuan,

Pale pinks and browns are judiciously blended together in millinery, thus affording a quiet con- trast to some daring combinations of blue, violet, and cerise. Little flat caps of sealskin and astrachan vie in favour with the new high-crowned felts, which bear a strong resemblance to the hats that were worn by the witches of fairyland lore. With these latter, wear the double-width veil, as it is no longer considered necessary to tie a narrow strip of net over the fringe when a wide-brimmed hat is affected. A pretty winter bat has a grey felt brim, edged with a narrow border of mink fur. The crown is puged in the style of a Tam-W- Shanter, and is fashionod in a dark shade of grey- blue velvet ; while the plumes of ostrich feathers are in grey, shading to brown, and fall gracef ally over the hair at the back. A charming model is a large hat made of black velvet with a satin crown. Two bows, a lavish amount of feathers and para. dice plume are its decorations.

A charming frock of velveteen for a little girl is cut square back and front, made over a camisole of of white silk, with sleeves trimmed with a puff, headed with four frills of silk, bordered with an infinitesimal lace. Such a pretty frock this is, and suited to a child of almost any age, from four to fourteen. A most effective pelisse shows a combina- tion of pale blue-face cloth and chinchilla. A costume for a little boy of five boasts smart little knickerbockers of blue serge, an open coat to match, which displays a waistcoat and collar of an indescribably patterned red and white cloth, spotted with white. These waistcoats, made in one piece with the collar, are a happy thought, for they supply just the note of colour needed in little boys' suits; they save the trouble of the linen collar, while they are much softer to wear, and more comfortable for the children altogether. A little girl's smart mantle is in ivory Bengaline, With collar and cape edged with white Thibet lamb fur. The hat is of Bengaline, the full brim having a fancy edge, with a Tam o' Shanter crown and cream plumes.

The wants of women in the matter of morning gowns are many. One is no longer allowed to "play many parts ;" it fills its own role and nothing more. If you cycle you want a special gown, or if you shoot, or p%y a country visit, or live in town, the costumes suitable for each occasion are distinct. An outdoor dress which has just been introduced is made of fawn cloth, the skirt plain, the bodice describing an open coat with a short ba.sque and large square revere, trimmed with guipure and narrow bands of velvet. The front is filled in with blue silk in the form of a yoke and pouch, trimmed also with guipure. It has bishop's sleeves, which are surely making their way. One of the new figured poplins which require to be better known, as they have much to commend them, formed another dress. This was shot in green and the new magenta red, the foot frill headed by bead trimming, one half of the bodice of magenta velvet, with the poplin crossing from the other side. A bow of green shot ribbon fell down the skirt, and a great deal of style was given by trimmings of brown seal and a velvet collar. A pretty costume is that known as the Addison made in terra-cotta Venetian cloth, with short open Eton jacket and douele-breasted Tatter- sall vest.

Anyone who is very energetic in the way of needlework can employ herself in working a dress in a new w%y. A friend is trying the experiment, and 80 far it is eminently successiul. The work is simply cloth applique on cloth, and the effect is that of a heavy brocade. O course, you can applique velvet on satin, or vice versa, but that is more expinsive and no,, so potty. This girl has set to work on a tan c loured cloth, which she is going e applique on a darker brow% The pattern is a bold conventional one, n 1 she is going to do just eneugh for a bodice, halt sleevas, and a broad band round the foot of the skirt. lier bodice is to be quite plain and full to the waist, where it will be ;,stoned in with a broad belt. The sleeves are to he made tigar, to the elbow of the applique stuff, and then they are to have hue puffs of the light material. A tea gown of stuff appqqued on velvet would look well, the applique portion to form the train and back. .

Yocre JANNIS.

•.\-7.4. , ..i„:„ - ‘Ni 13717:-, _ • • -, ,-,i),,,----,-; , ,0,10,1v,i., ,p . -,,,-. t,p. - -- -.,., z-_.., (, , Aipi, ~5.,2,.. ._,__4-,,,,),/,..,1 ( vi- , • ' ;',iv-' ~t • fi, -7' „...4...... ef k,) .... jj --_,-- i• -----------i, .„ -_-_---- .._

_ \., aD —l.,\ 5,4, ~ ',4),_ 6 ' i,, c`-.. I ,\ : L - - --- e,e 4 , 1) ,3\ '',' 1, - / 2 ,i'IN - 7 - / i Not, ' _ --.,.' r ..• /, ,_:„., N ri----. : ~. •.,,T,,,,14,,,,,,z,_, ,••,, •, ,•_,,,..„....,,,,,-... ~,, ...., .... (--19- • ' - ' -`."-t`.*.• ."'

, ...•:,., 4 ..„..,./. ~., . / ----.. \ ~, // itlit I.\\\ / \ -.V

===== 0002601_18941201_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
MUCH BETTER THAN STEEL AND PENNYROYAL

OTTEY'S UNLABELLED

STRONG FEMALE PILLS. quickly and Certainly remove all obstructions arising from any cause whatever. InvenaNe for married women. Post free, under cover for 14, and 33 stamps. from

---- - - - , THOMAS 0 TTRY. Chemist. BUEI ON -MN ItA.N T Ji";e3 se mention this paper

===== 0002601_18941201_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATUP.DAY DECEMBER 1, 1894.

About one thousand servants are attached to the oyal household of Great Britain. The management of the Austrian female prisons is in the hands of female religious orders. Mrs. Deborah Brown, a coloured woman of Toronto, is said to have been born in Maryland, August 10, 1776. A daughter aged eighty-four lives with this mother of one hundred and eighteen. Mrs. Charles Robinson, of Lawrence, Kas., wife of the Governor, told the story of his life the other day to a phonograph cylinder, which is to be preserved by the State Historical Society. When a Chinese girl is married, her attendants are always the oldest and ugliest women to be found in the neighbourhood, who are paid to act as foils to her beauty. It is said that some exceptionally ugly old women snake their living by acting as professional attendants at weddings. . In the annals of isialingering,deafness is said to be the hardest to feign. One doctc r testifies: "I have scarcely , known a pretended deaf man who could not be found out by the simple expedient of dropping a coin behind him. It is so natural to turn round when there is money to be picked up. Miss Margaret Young, an intelligent and educated young woman, has recently been appointed Queen of the Mantua group of the South Pacific Islands, by the natives, against her will. The people regard her as a goddess, and do not allow her outside her cabin limits unless carried on a litter by her maids, and when she ventures forth, her subjects are ordered, under pain of death, to keep hidden in their homes. Mrs. Kendal is accredited with a truly wonderful method of housekeeping. In every room of the house hangs a little slate, with pencil attached. On her daily tours she records on these slates criticisms and comments developed by the condition of each respective room, and the maid, following her, acts accordingly. If the latter has any legitimate reply to make she puts it at the end of the mistress's note, and by this means all jarring is saved and nothing is forgotten, at least so she says. A young Japanese lady, Miss Shids Mori, is at present studying for the missionary work in her own country at Radcliffe College, United States. She has recently been giving her opinion on the way the American ladies dress. She says : " I do not think your dress is so pretty as the Japanese dress, and the waists of your dresses I \do not like. We do not wear any corsets, you know, with our Japanese dress, and we are so much more com- fortable all the time, especially In the summer. But the lower part of your dresses seems better to me ; the underwear and the skirts I like, they are easier to get I about in."

But the t

Miss Emily Faithfull was a pioneer of the fullPr opportunities and th. greater liberty enjoyed by women to-day. All her thoughts and efforts have been bestowed on the advancement of her set. She has laboured strenuously in promoting the industrial and educational interests of women. More than thirty years ago Miss Faithfull took up her work, and was almost alone in the field. She founded a women's printing office, with women compositors, and through it issued the first number of the "Victoria Magazine," of which she was editress for eightren rears. Miss Faithfull has lately re- ceived a grant from the Royal Bounty Fund.

Flow to Clean Black Lace Veils.

Take some new milk, add a little water to it, lay the veil flat, take a niece of net or old veil, rub both' sides, shake them well, have your irons hot, and lay fine muslin over and iron. I have done some this summer that have lain aside for years, and they are now like new. Some were all spotted with timid. Don't lay paper to iron on, it sticks to the net.

Crnss Stitch.

The cross stitch of the Germans is identical with the English cross stitch, the only difference bin in the material on which it is worked. English cress stitch is RenPrally worked on an open canvas ; the German on thick material. It presents no difficulty to the worker beyond the countinr, of the stitches upon a pattern. The materials hest suited to it for washing purposes are the German canvases (which are woven so that each thread is clear and distinct), Java awl honeycomh can- vas, coarse linens, and linens divided into squares When heavy materials are used as hackgrounds,in which the threads cannot be counted, the work is done ove woolwork canvas, the threads of which are drawn away when completed.

What Prostrates Women. It Is almost impossible to name an age at which every woman is at her hest. writes Reheeca Harding Davis in the "Lades' Florne Journal." If you examine, indeed, into the effect of a forced mental growth upon her body, you may write tomes. A witty French woma.n,who was here last winter, saw one side of that subject. 66 Mi. no !" she sighed. "We women in Paris do net granule with such grave studies as von in America W- not co-operate ;we have no public virtues. But." with a shrug, "neither have we nerve prostration !" Thermic. cerirral assertion which one can safely make is that every woman is at her best in body and mind at the ace when she is most fully ocr,upied with her true work in the world, whether that he art, cookery, or lecturing, provided that she goes to it simply and humbly. It is not their work that prostrates the nerves of wnm.n rvp vulgarises their natures. It is the incessant squabbling and posing and boasting about their work.

THE DOUBLE LIFE: OR, THE HAMPTON MYSTERY. By the Author of " DARKWOOD."

CHAPTER XLIII. IN THE LION'S DEN.

I am one, my liege, Whom the vile blows and buffets of the world Have so incensed, that I am reckless what I do. MACBETH. The Lady Beatrice, under the ministrations of her alarmed father and Lord Trevelyan, was speedily aroused from her swoon. She opened her eyes with a frightened start, and sprang half upright, looking around her with glances of wild &ism. "Be calm' Beatrice !" said the earl, soothingly, taking her hand. "The marquis and I under- stand how this discovery of Geoffrey's existence agitates you I My poor child I And you have loved him all these years ?" Lord Trevelyan looked down upon her ladyship with a stamp expression of tenderness. " Beatrice " he saki, softly, "I have thought you cold and heartless. I believed that your soul was in your social triumphs. How I have mis- understood you I Forgive me, Beatrice. Let us be friends 1" He held out his right hand, large, white, and shapely. The Lady Beatrice made a gesture to take it, and then drew back, shuddering. "You shrink from me, because I am his uncle," said Lord Trevelyan, sorrowfully. "I cannot blame you, Beatrice. You have suffered at his hands. But I will avenge your wrongs," he added, with stern emphasis. "Geoffrey Trevelyan shall yet weep more bitterly than you have wept—unless —unless—" The Lady Beatrice dropped her head yet lower. "Unless what? "she asked, faintly. "Unless he will give me back Giralda," and the sternness melted from the face of the old marquis suddenly, as ice melts in the sun. "I love that girl, Beatrice. She is as innocent and pure and tender ne an angel. She loved me too! I frightened her, I terrified her, I showered abuse on her! She can never forgive me. Her love for me must have turned to loathing, but I must see her again! I must have her back !" He turned away and walked to the fire, to hide the convulsive workings of his countenance. The earl felt his daughter's hand flutter in his own, but he could not see her face. "Poor Beatrice 1 " he whispered, in fatherly pity and sympathy. "And all these years I could see no deeper than the world! I could not guess that you carried a hopeless love and sorrow in your heart! Forgive me—" "Don't father I " inturrepted the Lady Beatrice, in a sharp whisper. "I cannot bear it.' She rose as she spoke, declining his assistance by a gesture and went from the room, ascending to her own apartments. The earl and the marquis stood by the fire dis- cussing her and the strange news Lord Trevelyan had brought. "You have decided, then, Trevelyan," said Lord Hampton, presently, "that you will forgive Geof- frey and take him back, on condition that Giralda returns to you?" The fiery old marquis shook his head. "You mistake me," he said, with harsh intona- tion. "1 shall never forgive Geoffrey. I shall never take him back. But I will forbear to pros- ecute him—l will simply ignore his existence—if Giralda will return to me in love and forgive

ness 1" "And when you are gone, Geoffrey will step in- to your place as if nothing had aver happened?" The voice of the marquis trembled as he an. : "This is a sore subject, Hampton. My mind is In a sort of chaos between my love and my hatred. The bitterness and vengefulness of years has been Bet against an affectisn of to-day. 1 don't quite know my own mind. At times I would give all to revenge myself on that viper, Geoffrey, and then I yearn for the sight of that blue-eyed girl, with her dark hair, and pure, sweetface, and'l could give up hatred and revenge to feel her soft arms around my neck, her cheek pressed to mine, or her sunny head in my bosom. I must fight the battle to the end, for it is a battle, Hampton 1" "You intend to look for this Countess of Are-

valo ?" ' The marquis replied in the affirmative. . "It will be like searching for a needle in a hay- stack, since she plays under an assumed name," observed Lord Hampton. "Your gout—although greatly lessened—will prevent your making an extended search for her in person. Why not em- ploy some skillful person to hunt up this Countess for you? "A good suggestion." replied the marquis, thoughtfully. "I must have an interview with her immediately. Adlowe, who had made all these strange discoveries, and who has, strangely enough, transferred his suit from the Lady Bea- trice to Giralda, is searching for the child in the neighbourhood of the Park—" "The discovery of Geoffrey's existence must have been a great blow to him,' said Loid Hamp- ton, as his guest paused. "I had hoped that Bea- trice would reward him for his years of devotion with her hand. So he is Giralda's suitor now "Yes. I cannot understand why he has given up Beatrice. Doubtless she refused him," said Lord Trevelyan. 'if he were in town he could give me great ass:stance. I have no friends to whom Iv. ish to tell the story. Let me see. Ad- lowe employed a detective years ago to hunt up Geoffrey—a fellow named Rush. I wonder if he is living ' "Yes. I saw his address in a morning paper lately. He had been working up a case, I will send a me-sager ,o him at once.' Lord Trevel.an consented, and a messenger was " dispatched to Detective Rush, requesting his im- mediate presence at Hampton House. In the course of an hour he had made his ap- pearance, and was ushered into the drawing-room, as quiet a.nd vacant of aspect as ever. Lord Trevelyan speedily put him into possession of the facts in the case, quite unconscious that he had been already employed in the same matter by Adlowe, and that his lordship's own enlighten men was the fruit of the detective's skill. Rush listened gravely and silently, but did not take the trouble to explain his agency in the dis- coveries. The case had scarcely .been submitted to him, and he had not yet expressed an opinion, when the door opened and the Lady Beatrice re-entered the room. She was pale and stately with statuesque bear- ing. She looked incapable of emotion, and her father and the marquis could scarcely believe her capable even of affection. But under all her ice and coldness her heart burned and glowed with a raging fire. She had been unable to bear ,solitude in her present mood, and had returned to her father and his guest, feverishly anxious to hear every word the marquis might utter that could bear on Geoffrey'S fate.

_ She started a little at sight of the detective, recognising him in a moment,. in spite of his change of costume, as the person who had watched her movements so ceaselessly of late. But her countenance did not change, and she ex- hibited no emotion as she swept to her chair and sank gracefull and carelessly among its cushions. "Lady Beatrice," said her father, courteously, "this is Mr. Rush, the detective whom Lord Adlowe employed years ago to hunt up Geoffrey. We have summoned him here to-day on business. Will it distress you to be present at our interview, or shall we adjourn to the library ? " The Lody Beatrice acknowledged the informal introduction, and expressed ner wisu to her what might be said. "I have told Mr. Rush," said the marquis, "That I have discovered Geoffrey's existence, and that he is in Engl I have also told him of my discovery that Geoffrey is wedded to an actress, or public singer. It is this lady I want to find—this Countess of Arevalo." The detective looked thoughtful, but kept a fur- tive watch upon the Lady Beatrice, He did not intend that a single change in her expression should escape his notice. "There's one thing I'd like to understand," he said, after e pause. "My lord, are you and Lord Adlowe working together ? " Lord Trevelyan looked surprised. • "Adlowe hates Geoffrey," he answered, "and so I do. He wants to marry Giralda, and I don't intend he shall. But it suits me to have him join in the search for her. When she is found I will guard her as the apple of my eye." "Ah I" said the detective, dryly. "I have been in the employ of Lord 'Adlowe. I am not at the present time, and there is nothing to prevent my working for you if you had any work for me to do, but you have none." " Haven't I told you I want to find this actress?" cried the marquis, testily. "Yea, my lord," said Rush, respectfully, keep- ing a catlike watch of her ladyship ; " but any svch semen is useless. i went threugn it fur Lord **Uwe._ There is no such actress."

"She has another name on the stage," said Lord

Trevely an. "My lord," replied Rush, "you have been de- ceived. There is no Countess of Arevalo." The Lady Beatrice averted her 'face, looking out into the street. Her slender fingers grasped the arm of her chair tightly, and her profile seemed suddenly to grow sharply defined and startlingly

pale. - - The detective did not fail to note these tokens of inward disturbance. "No Countess of Arevalo I " ejaculated Lord Trevelyan, his anger rising. "Humph I You are a great detective! I saw her myself She called on me at my hotel—a large, fair, German-looking woman, very lady-like and aristocratic in her looks and manners. No countess! You'll be telling me that I have neither eyes nor ears yet I" "I mean to say," explained the detective, slowly, "that the wife of Geoffrey Trevelyan, otherwise Count Arevalo, has never sung in any concert-room, or played upon the boards of any public theatre. You saw her, my lord—her actual self—but the story of her stage life was a little

fiction—" He broke off abruptly, catching sight of the dia- mond bracelet her ladyship was restlessly settling on her dainty wrist. He knew as well as if she had spoken she was mutely bribing him, and the sud- den gleam in his eyes, and the sudden movement of his fingers told her that he had as mutely accepted the bribe. "The fact is," he continued, keeping his eyes on the diamonds, "that fair, German-looking lady is a wcnderful woman. She has completely puzzled me. Your lordship's best course would be to seek her at her country home. You have the ad-

dress 7" "Yes, Adlowe gave it me," replied the marquis —" The Evergreens, Limely. I will go there to- day, as soon as I shall be sufficiently rested. And if Ido not find her there Mr. Rush, I commission you to search for her and for Miss Giralda." At this juncture there were sounds of an arrival, and almost immediately after a footman entered with a card on a salver, which he presented to the

Lady Beatrice. "1 am engaged to-day," said her ladyship, taking up the bit of pasteboard idly and glancing over it. " Ah !" The exclamation was one of mingled horror and terror. She grew deathly white, and her great dusky eyes gleamed suddenly with an awful fear. The card fell from her nerveless hand on the floor, and her form trembled as with an ague. But only for an instant did she give way to this strange emotion. Commanding herself by a stern effort, she said, in a voice that was tremulous in spite of herself: "Show the gentleman to the music-room—l will see him 1" The servant withdrew, inadvertently leaving the door ajar. Lord Hampton, amazed at the singular emotion of his daughter, picked up the card she had drop- ped and laid it in her hand. As he did so, he beheld the name insciibed on it, in a clear, foreign-looking

handwriting: "Professor Longworthy, Music Master." The Lady Beatrice crumpled the card, and thrust it in her pocket. "I believe I am not well to-day," she said, with a forced smile. " You will excuse me while I see my old friend ?" She arose, and at the same moment the footman conducted the visitor past the half-open door on his way to the music-room. Lord Hampton, the Marquis Trevelyan, and the detective, all loked involuntarily at the stranger whose simple card had so excited the usually un- impressible Lady Beatrice. They caught only a brief glimpse of a tall and stately man, of majestic aspect, with gray hair, and long gray beard, and square-bowed spectacles —the very ideal, in fact, of a professor of music. The Lady Beatrice had looked at him also, with an expression of fearful expectancy. As he passed fully within the range of her vision, her brow cleared, her eyes brightened, and a look of relief transfigured her face. "Not the man she expected to see i" thought detective Rush, astutely. " She must have ex- pected Geoffrey Trevelyan himself ! She's a woman of great nerve. I'll watch her—and her visitor too !" he added. " I'll follow this old gen- tleman when he goes." With this resolve, he waited like a spider in his web. The next moment the Lady Beatrice had with- drawn. As she brushed past the detective, her bracelet dropped, unseen by any one but himself, into his pocket. "My daughter's old music-master !" said Lord Hampton, explainingly, when she had gone. "I suppose tha old gentleman is poor, and wants to solicit aid or patronage. But to return to our sub- ject--Geoffrey Trevelyan and his family." The conversation was renewed with considerable less ardour than before. The thoughts of each of the three man—unknown to the others--were busy with the to them living mystery, the Lady Beatrice. Meanwhile her ladyship had hurried swiftly to the music-room an elegant, octagon-shaded apart- ment, with walls exquisitely painted in panels— and hurried in, and had locked the door. And then she turned and confronted the gray- haired "professor," who had arisen at her entrance, with pale face and dilating eyes. • T-1:9 opened his arms with emotion answering to her awn. She gave a low cry, and sprang into his em- brace. For a moment there was silence between them. The room was full of dusky shadows, but one long lance of golden light fell through the parting of the heavy curtains upon the floor. Those curtained windows opened upon a small but charming flower- garden, at this hour completely deserted. The doors communicating with the other rooms were lucked. The two were entirely alone, beyond all danger of espionage and eavesdropping. "Oh, my love! my love ! " said the Lady Bea- trice, brokenly, when she could speak. "How could you come here, into the lion's den ? " The "professor" removed his spectacles. The eyes tnat looked in sorrowful yearning upon her ladyship's face were the blue eyes of Geoffrey Trevelyan. It was indeed her husband who had come to her in disguise. "You knew, then, Beatrice," he whispered, "in spite of my disguise ? " "Knew you? I recognized your handwriting on that card, as I suppose you intended I should. I was for the moment almost paralyzed with horror. Oh, Gehl—oh, my darling, how could you come

_ here? "- Geoffrey Trevelyan—we need not longer call him Count Arevalo—drew his wife to a couch in the , corner where the shadows nestled thickest, and folding her close to him answered: "Beatrice, I went with Rupert to Lord Gros- venor's place. I was as quiet and secluded as he had declared. But I was tracked there." " Tracked ! " repeated the Lady Leatriee, with a start. "Yes. I found that a man—l think him Adlowe's detective—was watching the house. I therefore left quietly and secretly last night' and came to London with Rupert, I assumed my pi esent disguise, and have come to see you at the earliest possible moment. I could not write all that I have to say to you, and it was imperative that I should see you at once." The Lady Beatrice became thoughtful. She comprehended that Detective Rush had traced the supposed Spanish count to his new refuge either to please Lord Adlowe, or—which was more probable, since, as he had acknowledged, his connection with Adloi,ve had terminated—to betray the hunted man for a large reward to the vindictive Marquis Trevelyan I • And Geoffrey, having evaded the detective, and securely effected his escape, had rushed again into his very presence. The peril of the fugitive fairly appalled her. "You look scared, Beatrice," said her husband, tenderly smiling. "I am safely hidden. I hare taken two neat rooms over a music shop, and have , bung out a card for pupils under my new name. No ow, will look for me there." "And Rupert?' breathed the mother. "What does he think of these hurried flights, this dis- guise, my absence at a time when you so need me?" Geoffrey Trevelyan held her hands in a firm, re- assuring pressure. "My darling wife," he whispered, "the boy was , being killed with all this mystery. He cried all : night more than once. He grew pale and thin, and would eat nothing. His boyish ambitions were forgotten. He sat silent and sorrowful all the time, and Heaven alone knows what were his thoughts of us, although he was more than ever loving and respectful." "M y boy! My proud-souled, spirited boy I" murmured the Lady Beatrice, sobbing in utter anguish. "Oh, Geoffrey, what shall we do if he ceases to love and respect us?" A smile of infinite sweetness curved Geoffrey's lips. "I have &marked against /AA a mil," he an.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
CANDLES MADE FROM CORPSES.

Not lone ago four men in the Government of Kur.k.in Russia, murdered a girl in order to make candles of her body, the notion being that the light from such a horrible source not only renders tho perpetrators of robberies invisible but prevents the people of the house from

awakeninr. A dead man's hand is sometimes used for the sgme rurpose. The thieves anoint it with an urmuent. it. and the fingers flame. Yet the fetish often fails threatmned homeholder is arlused in spite of the charm and procer,ls to defend his property.

, Isn't it almost, impossible to conceive! that such abom- inable and absurd superstitions can exist in these days? Yet they do—right here in England; and not by any means amen,* the criminal classes only. 'The learned physicians. we grieve to say, reluctantly abandon• theories of disease which science proves untenable. "The medical profession," says one of its brightest mom- hers, "is hut slowly emerging from the darkness of , barbarism."

Take an illustration. Under date of September 2P.nd, Mrs. Eliza Matthews, of 1. North-road, Burnt Oak, Edgware, near London, writes : " I first became ill just about one year ago. The attack was markPcl by loss of appetite, a foul taste in tie mouth, vomiting up my food, pain in the etylt and sides after eating, and an all-gone sensation at the pit of the tomach. MY eves were yellow, skin dark and sallow, and a Constant pain between my shculclers. I wqR also badly constipated, and the least exertion set my heart thumping so T enuld hardly get ma' breath. I had frequent attacks of sick headache which confined me tn my room for days together. At such times I could not touch a morsel of fond. T got bttle or no sleep at night, and would toss on the bed for hours. I became thin and wok and was no good for work. " I thought at first it was the change of life that caused all this—as I was in my fortieth year when I was taken bad. I had a doctor and took medicines, but nothing did me any real good, and I continued to suffer year after year." Now will the reader please note what Mrs. Matthews. actor told her was the cause of her illness ? We quote her own words " The doctor said that my ailments were brovght about by the smell of the farmyard,"

On 'llia hn ordered a change of air-a logical deduction from hiq diagnog;g.

_ The ladv obeyed. Pier husband gave up his situation no his wife's account, and they moved from Bentley Priory, Stanmnre, to Burnt Oak. with what result? She tells it: " I got no better for the change." as she would have done if the farmyard smells had been at the hnttnm of her troubles. Finally Mrs. Matthewv Pays, her aunt at Chelmsford recommended Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. The first few doses gave relief, and in two months she was strong and well as ever. She says, "Mother Sefte' saved me after all others had tried and failed."

What ran he said in the way of comment on a thing like this ? But for the medical man with his farm yard" idea of disease the lady might have known what really ailed herond ent hold of the remedy long ago. hs suffered from indigestion and dyspepsia. The farmyard didn't cause it, and moving about couldn't cure it. But what a shame that suffering people should he en played unon and misguided.

'lndeed, it does appear to be true that about all the light some men P njor cornea from the remote past— from the anointed hands of dead men. Still, there's a better der coming, and Commonsense, Science, and Mother Seigel are hurrying it along.

Nineteen and a half stone is the ordinary total weight carried by a British trooper's horse. Princes Bismarck, wife of the ex-Chancellor of the German Empire, died on Tuesday morning at Varzin. The English criclTetors won the match with N,-vv South Wales by eight wickets. The Colonial Eleven was not a very formidable one, hut it included Turner, the f.mnus howler, whom Engli4l batsmen have al- ways held in great respect.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
swered. "Beatrice, I have told him all I" " All ?" "Yes, Beatrice, true hearted wife ! he knows all—who you are—who 1 am—all this mystery I I should have preferred that he should hear the story from his mother's lips. You could have told it more delicately than I. I told him where Giralda is, of the position in life that will yet be his, and of your danger. Beatrice, it was well done. I did not dream the boy was so noble. He seems to have sprung at once from childhood into a tender, gentle, thoughtful manhood. He has taken my burdens on himself. He seems to have acquired a reverence for me; and you he worships for your brave, noble, and unfaltering trust, through sorrow and shame and years of darkness." There were glad tears in the eyes of the Lady Beatrice. She had dreaded the effect of the story on her spirited young son. "I cam" to you this morning to tell you all this," resumed Geoffrey, "and to inform you of my new address. I was also impatient to learn if you have any news of Fay. Has Adlowe made known to you our poor boy's prison. Has Lord Grosvenor dis- covered him ?" "Fay is safe. He is with Giralda." Geoffrey Trevelyan looked at once joyful and puzzled. "I had a letter from Giralda this morning," continued the Lady Beatrice, producing it. "Read it." The father read it with gathering amazement. His existence made known to Lord Trevelyan, Giralda expelled from the Park and become a wanderer, her meeting with Fay and her present residence with her young brother at the little town of Dalton—all these were facts which greatly ex- cited him. "What is to be done, Beatrice ? " he asked restor- ing to her the letter. " Meggy Fleck is still at The Evergreens in charge," responded her ladyship- "I received this letter in my father's presence. A few minutes since I went upstairs and despatched Mary Fleck to The Evergreens with a message to Meggy to go on to Dalton at once. It almost crazes me to think of those two children there unguarded, and Lord Adlowe searching for Giralda. Dalton is but little more than twenty miles distant from Hampton- wold. I shall make some excuse to my father and set out for Hamptonwold to-Morrow morning. I am all anxiety to be near my children." "The cord seems to be tightening its folds around us, Beatrice," said her husband, sadly. "The Evergreens is no longer a shelter for our loved ones. Where shall we gather our family together again ? " "We will find a new home after a little, dear," said the Lady Beatrice, gently. "For the present you must be in hiding. How would you like to take Rupert and go over to France ?" "And leave you and Giralda alone to bear Ad- lowe's persecutions? No; but as you are going clown to Hamptonwold, I could take Rupert with me and visit Lord Grosvenor. I think we would be safe there." The Lady Beatrice approved the suggestion. "In that case," added Trevelyan, " what shall be done with Giralda and Fay ?' "I do not know. I will think the matter over, and devise some refuge for them. At this moment soy brain is not clear, I am full of fears, Geoffrey. Who do you think is in the drawing-room ?" "Your father, the earl, perhaps.' "Oh, my husband, you do not, cannot suspect into what dangers you have blindly rushed. My father is there. So is Detective Rush, the man who traced me to The Evergreens. And so is Lord Trevelyan, full of a vindictive hatred against you." Geoffrey Trevelyan's face paled under its coating of skilfully applied paint and powder. "My uncle here?" he cried, in agitation. The Lady Beatrice, in reply, told him all the in- cidents connected with the visit of the marquis. The question of permitting Giralda to return to his protection was folly considered, and both parents decided to leave its solution with the young girl herself. "Stern and haughty and cynical as he is," said the Lady Beaaice, "Giralda really loves him." There was a sorrowful quivering light in Trevel- yan's eyes, and he said, sighing : 'I can understand that, Beatrice. He is, under all his faul!s, a grand old man. I love him yet. He has been, to use a trite old phrase, more sinned against than sinning.' " There ensued a brief silence. The Lady Beatrice, in her character of loving wife, nestled in her husband's broad bosom, a happy contentment en- foia mg her storm-tossed soul, a delicious peace and hopefulness expressed in her looks and manner. Trevelyan felt the charm, and his anxieties and uneasiness gave way to quiet resolution. An hour passed there in quiet converse among the nestling shadows, and the fire glowed dully in the grate, and the lance of April sunshine shone on the carpet, and the two lovers—for they were true and tender lovers, all the truer and tenderer for their years of secret .wedlock—communed with each other, and gathered strength from their very so, rows. t length the Lady Beatrice started, as the hall clock struck. " You must go, my husband," she said, with a sigh. "It is not safe for you to remain here so long, with the marquis and that detective in the house. How strange it seems to sit here with you in this old music-room, wliere we sat together and made love so many years ago. I never thought to bring the better part of my double life within these walls. You will start for the Eagle's Eyrie, will you not, this very night? I dread you remain- ing in London." Trevelyan gave the desired promise. "And be sure to cover your tracks. This Mr. Rush, the detective, saw you passing the drawing. room door. He has taken a fee from me, but Lord Trevelyan may have outbid me. He may try to follow you to your lodgings, in order to be- tray you, or make money out of the knowledge. You must be on your guard, Geoffrey; and, oh, I wish you would adopt another disguise when you leave town. lam very anxious." Trevelyan declared that he would do as she wished, and then came the bitterness of parting. It was soon over. Then the "professor," pale, quiet, and subdued, with bowed figure slowly emerged from the music- room into the wide hall. At the same moment, apparently by the merest 'coincidence, the door of the drawing-room opened; and Detective Rush, bowing and smiling, appeared on the threshold, attended by Lord Hampton and Marquis Trevelyan. The Lady Beatrice comprehended the situation at a glance, as she followed her visitor. In an instant she was her haughty society-self, yet V.easantly condescending and-patronising. "You may rely upon me, professor," she said, in a low tone, which still the quick hearing of the detective caught. "I will use my influence in your behalf. You may refer any one to me." The " professor " murmured his thanks. The group at the door of the drawing-room lin- gered until the visitor of the Lady Beatrice came up. Muttering an apology, Rush then stepped aside in such a manner as to leave the " professor " and Lord Trevelyan face to face. It was a trying moment for two of that group. The marquis looked frankly and unsuspiciously into the face of the supposed music-master. Some- thing in the apparently aged taco seemed to hold his gaze. And Geoffrey's blue eyes, behind their quaint spectacles, grew blurred with sudden tears. The sight of that grand old face, with its keen, black eyes and rugged features, stirred his inmost soul. His lordship was the only father he had ever known, and he had loved him—he still loved him. This was the first meeting between the two since the hour that had wrecked the faith of the elder man in the younger. Geoffrey felt faint and ill. An iron hand seemed grasping at his heart. A thousand boyish memories swept over his soul. He gave a gasping sigh, bowed, and passed on leaning heavily on his staff, a strange sense of weakness half prostrating him. A moment later he had made his egress from the house. Another moment, and Detective Rush was also in the street, vacant of aspect, abstracted in manner, yet closely and keenly watching and following the disguised fugitive. (To be continued).

The Master of the Rill:4 on Wedneidav ~rdered the app,,al of Henry Wright,formerly solicitor to the Libera- tor Building Society, against a judgment directing that his private estate should be made to contribute to- wards the liquidation of the society, to he strtack out. The Master of the Rolls added that the appellant must par f he cot.

SHWA 'll-11:, TO 4.1 z% I will s«rid a valuable. Instruct ye, ',lid highly interesting book which eve-y woman would b- g.ad to have Contains important and confidential advice vtid telt; both nuuried and single how to keep ii althy and avoid t) e anxieties so distres-in to the sex. Sent free, se,urely ;ealed, for ime ,ta,p to cover post Age. Aona,ss : Professor P. LASALLE, 17, Eastbourne Terrace Paddington, London. W.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
3 MATCHLESS CLEANSER has swept away Athousand worries of Washing Day.—A.Dvr.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0016.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ANGELS I' WARRITON

===== 0002601_18941201_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
" CAPITAL " CHAT.

Already an agitation has begun for the abolition of the cumulative system of voting. The school board election has so completely established the principle of letting the minority govern and of de- priving an overwhelming majority of every shred of power, that the Progressives will immediately add a reform of the school board system of votinz to their programme. Its assimilation to the county council method of election will have the effect, at least, of making the board truly representative of the majority of the voting electorate,and of freeing it from the anomaly which the cumulative vote has created of giving the honours of war and the control of education for the next three years to the numerically inferior party.

Mr. Gladstone's taste in sermons has not been much of a secret, but now we have it put on re- cord by himself. The " Prestyterian" newspaper publishes an expression of opinion from Mr. Glad- stone as to the sermons he likes best. It is in the following terms :—" One thing I have against the clergy, both of the country and in the town. I think they are not severe enough on their congre- gations. They do not sufficiently lay upon the souls and consciences of their hearers their moral obligations and probe their hearts and bring up their whole lives and action to the bar of con- science. The class of sermons which I think are most needed are of the class which offended Lord Melbourne long ago. Lord Melborne was seen one day coming from a church in the country in a mighty fume. Finding a friend, he exclaimed: 'lt is too bad! I have always been a supporter of the church, and I have always upheld the clergy. But it is really too bad to have to listen to a sermon like that we have had this morning. Why, the preacher actually insisted upon applying religion to a man's private life!' But that is the kind of preaching which I like best—the kind of preaching which men need most; but it is also the kind of which they get the least."

The feature of this year's Stanley Cycle Show, now going on at the Agricultural Hall, is the Bam- boo bic3 cle or tricycle,which is not only very hand- some but very light, and, according to reports very strong. Twenty-five of them are exhibited by a firm, and there is nothing in the show which arrests so much attention. That they will be also very much cheaper than the machines now in use need 'hardly be said ; but the cheapness should add immensely to the popularity of cycling in general and of the bamboo make in particular. The power of doing good work is claimed for it, as one machine is shown on which more than a thousand miles have been ridden by a man of lei stone. The one misgiving of the professional and amateur racer is whether the strength of the machine can be always depended upon for good racing work under all circumstances. Some experiments are being made with it, and its durability and racing power will soon be thoroughly tested. If it meets all the demands upon it we shall ere long see bam- boo cycles swarming on every highway.

Samuel Rogers, writing to his sister in 1834 on the fall of the Grey Ministry, said such a thing had never happened before as that a Cabinet Minister (Lord Holland) had first to learn he was out of office through the columns of a newspaper. Many diaries of those days refer to the same thing, but it is a wonder no longer. The enterprise of the Press outruns the official telegrams and despatches, and gets the news before it has reached the nearest -relatives. Mr. Gladstone learnt that his son (William Henry) was deal from the placards of the papers. An aristocratic bridegroom saw in the papers he was to be married on such a day. He wrote to deny it, but the Press was right, and had the bride's decision before he had. A few years ago an Eng- lish diplomatist was accused of sending news to the French generals in the war of 1870, when it ap- pearei that the information about the enemy, who were less than forty miles away, had reached them through the English Press.

A fortnight since the Press was five hours ahead of the Government as to the death of the Czar. But surely if there is a Chinese Samuel Rogers, he will record as a marvel of marvels that news about the enemy at the very gates of China bad to be waited for till the arrival of the English newspapers. So writes an English resident in the Flowery Land.

it will surprise and disappoint many well-wishers of Ireland to learn that there has recently been observable a marked growth of Fenian activity in this country. So far it has been limited to the larger towns, and particularly to London and Liver- pool. The police have various theories to account for this ; but it seems to be due very much to the impatience of the American section of the Irish party. Whether they may turn their thoughts chiefly against the House of Lords and translate them into action I cannot say. They have not up to the present shown any inclination towards vio- lent acts, but are endeavouring to force the running by more peaceful methods. It is this increase in Fenianism which has caused the police to put on a guard for the benefit of Mr. Morley, who, I believe, rather resents their meddling. Mr. Balfour has still a bodyguard furnished him when the police think it advisable.

I am informed from Windsor that at the banquet on Monday night in honour of the Czar's wedding the Queen looked very radiant. She is now allied to most of the Courts of Europe through her chil- dren and grand-children, end she was resolute to emphasise the occasion by standing up—a thing unprecedented—in proposing the health of " the bride and bride,room "—not the "Czar and Czarina "—es has been stated. Lord Cork took the place of Lord Carrington in proposing the Queen's health. It was very late when the Queen retired to rest, b,.calise she wirticularly desired a late tele- gram from Princess Alix, which only arrived on Tuesday morning.

The Chinese colony in London has been in a much more depressed frame of mind since the fall of Port Arthur than at any time since the Japanese began their march of victory. As for the Legation itself, it is now absolutely despondent, and the optimism which at first, despite all reverses, possessed it, has now fled. Its one hope seems to be in the Great Powers, who, however, are manifesting no particu- lar desire to interfere at present. though they may have something to say when the terms of peace come to be adjusted. Everything will depend on whether Japan i, moderate and reasonabh-Nin her demands, or whether she assumes the usual arrog- ance of a conqueror under the stimulus of her triumphs. Failing the intervention of the Great Powers Chinese residents here confess that Cl.ina is alrea:lv__beaten, and that she has no alternative but to rnftkii pence. But if the Ant condition of peace put forward by the Japanese is the occupa- tion of Pekin, such an occupation might lead to the sa consequences calculated riously to affect the interests of the European Powers in the East: and if her present misfortunes stir up China to throw off for the future her isolation and her hostility to European ideas, it is almost certain that when she has framed her military organisation upon 'European models the events which are now hapnen- ing will bequeath to the future a legacy of venge- ance which will not fail to be exacted.

"The Bar" is a term of rsrving significance. The Bar itself is, as 9 body, fond of referring to the lucky wretch in the dock in the resonant phrase : "The prisoner at the bar." At an Assize trial the other day a proseentrix, a tender creature of some eighty winters—who had brought an unfounded tharge of impropriety against a young fellow of six-and-twenty—was asked if she saw "the prisoner at the bar" at fl certain grocer-publican's. " No, sir ; but I saw him in the taproom!"

J. T. Hearnft. of Aliddlesx, one of the heat fas` bowlers in the world, has arranaed with the Maharajah of Pfttiala to cileh hic gon in our nation- al ama, and to give some instruction to the 'natives.

I am assured that the Conservative orgs.niser have row practically abandoned their efforts to obtain NonconformiQt candidates. Thus the hope of conciliating the Nonconformist Unionist Associa- tion has been a failure. Several constituencies Were, at the suggestion of Mr. Chamberlain, "kept Open" in the hope that Nonconformist candidates tight he forthcoming, hut I learn that the vacan- cies are now to he supplied by Tory candidates of the regulation pattern.

Mr. Justice Coiling. on Wedngdav pronounced

an authoritative opinion on a point of considerable interest to journalists. This is thac a libel on a newspaper is equivalent to a libel on the conductors Of that journal—a, ruling which had the effect of bowling over the _dokiferiCe t 6 Proceedings for libel in ?ouneetion with a squabble between two sporting Journals.

VOLUNTEER PRIZE DISTRIBIMON AT

===== 0002601_18941201_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
READ ON. NOW COMMENDED BY PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.

When ynr are distressed by a mis-rab:e cold, nose bunlnd up, threat sore, limbs aching, with a general feelin4 of smothering, a few doses of the Balsom of Honey will clear the wretched syrnptons away almost b:fore you know it, There is nothing lkie it on the market ; it is thoroughly up to date : it triOkles into all the system. A true friend, prompt and reliable in its action.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
JUST ANOTHER WORD.

When you ask or send for TUDOR WILLIAMS' PATENT BALSAM OF HONEY do not allow an ybo.ly to persuade you to purchase something else. If you do you simply throw off the genuine article and take on with a false one. Wonderful Cures Daily. Thousands of Testimoni ,Is to hand from all parts of the World.

READ OF FURTHER. SPONTANEOUS TESTIMONY WORTHY OF YOUR CONSIDERATION. SIR.—My wife desires me to say that your Tudor Williams Balsam of Honey hts proved a most valuable medicine in our large family (eight children). As soon as -a cough or a cold makes its appearance a dose of Tudor's Balsam is at once administered, and this treatment is followed up until the cold disappears. Before using the B Llsam in (iur family the children have been prostrate with colds for several weeks, but now, by t tking doses, as directed they seem to suffer very little inconvenießce. During the short time the c )1d is upon them the action of the Balsam is marvellous, and the little ones take it readily and ask for more.

WALTER J. BRETT, C.M. Headmaster Severn Tunnel School. March 16th., 1892.

READ ON STILL FURTHER. A Cardiff Chemist says :—I have larger sales for Ttado William's Balsam of Honey than any other Cough Cures That's the opinion of all chemists. PUBLIC MEN SPEAK HIGHLY OF IT ALL OVER THE WORLD. Dowlais, Merthyr Tydfil, Glam9rgan, July. 1892. DEAR SIR,—I must write to say that your Tudor Williams Balsam of Honey for Coughs is the best we ever had in the house. My boy David had a cough which shook him from top to toe, couldn't sleep at night for it, ani neither could anyone else in the house sleep because of his barking. A fer doses of Balsam of Honey positively cured him; it is a wonderful cure.

DAVID JONES, ESQ., High Constable.

Sold by all Chemists and Stores all over he World Is. lid, 2s 9d, arp4 4s 6d bottles. Sample bottles sent post paid for Is 3i, 3s, and ss, front the Inventor, D. TUDOR WILLIAMS, R. D.S.L.,

MEDICAL HILL, ABERDARE.

WALES

2 Dirt thinks itself the most Rbused When MATCHLESS CLEANSER SOAP is used.--ADVT.

pCANDESCENT GAS LIGHT. WELSBACH SYSTENI

INCANDESCENT GAS LIGEIT:-- WELS EACH SYSTEM.

INCANDESCENT GAS LIGHT. WELSBACH SYSTEM.

sAvEs 50 PER CENT. IN GAS.

SAVES 50 PER CENT. IN GAS.

TUE MOST PERFECT LIGHT. SUPERIOR TO ELECTRIC LIGHT, AT ONE-EIGHTH THE COST. SIX VALID REASONS . For Its Adopticn. 1. It saves half your gas bill. 2. It gives you treble the present light. 3. It cm be attached to existing gas fittings. 4. The ligh is clean, cool, stealy and brilliant. 5. It does away with the impurities of gas. 6. It is pleasant, simple, and economical.

Extract from the Report cf

Prof. CARLTON LAMBERT, M.A., F.R.A.S. "The Welsbach Light' is nearly seven times as efficient in rninating effect as ordinary gas burners, and more than four !Imes as efficient as an Argand.'

Professor MAX muLLErt writes: 7, Norham Gardens, Oxford, February 10, 1594. "Professor Max Muller has much pleasure in stat- ing that he finds one Incand seen Burner gives enough light in his library where he formerly re- quired three burners, and if the pressure of gas was low a lamp as well. In drawing-room two burners give a splendid light. He has also an Incandescent Burner in the hall, which is most satisfactory. His gas bill last qu.rter, with these four burners in use. was .£1 2s. lees than the same quarter last year, though the price of gas is higher."

FOR PRIVATE HOUSES, SHOPS, SHOW ROOMS, HOTELS, OFFICES, and PUBLIC BUILDINGS,

Prices and full particulars on application to the following Agents . WARRINGTON' : CALDWELLS,. LIMITED, 60. Horsernarket-street. EARLESTOWN: : Mrs. E. NEEDHAM, ST. HELENS: R. G. BROOK, Wolverhampton House. RUNCORN: H. BRANCH, 104, Greenvray-road. WIDNES: H. BRANCH. Central Hotel.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
• Y.11.C.A. CHORAL SOCIETY

ANNUAL CONCERT.

There was a very good attendance at the Co- operative Hall on Monday night when the annual concert in connection with the Y.M.C.A. Choral society was held. The evening's programme was divided into two parts, the first of which was com- posed of Focer's popular cantata, "The Crusader," and the second was a miscellaneous entertainment. In the cantata the characters were as follows : Margaret (in love with Christ,an), Miss Kent ; Zara (a Sorceress among the Turks), Miss Fieldhouse ; Christian (a volunteer), Mr. Griffiths and Mr. Lloyd ; sentry. Mr. H. Booth ; Peter the Hermit (leader of the Crusaders), Mr. P. I. Bate, and a chorus of Crusaders and Turks composed of a number of male and female members of the society. Miss Kent, who is always a favourite with a Warrington audience was particularly successful in her rendition of the solo and alternate parts as Margaret, in the cantata. Mr. P. I. Bate was intrh appreciated as Peter the Hermit and his voice was heard to good ad- vantage,especially in his interpretation of the solo parts, "Without Jerusalem's Grey Walls," and, "No more the dark Invader," Miss Fieldhouse and Mr. Griffiths were also deserving of special note for the successful way in which they took their parts. Fault could hardly be found in the way the chorus was taken up, the alternate singing in which reflected great credit on their able cnnduetor, the Rev. E. Moore, G.T.C. After a few minutes' interval the miscellaneous programme was commenced by the part song, "Queen of the Night," by the choir. The other songs, &c., were rendered in a skilful and pleasing manner by the follow- ing :—Soßgs : Miss Kent, " Tit for Tat," Mr. Fieldhouse, and choir " The S:ngers," Miss Fieldhouse, "The land of Yesterday," Mr. Griffiths, "The Sailor's Grave,"the choir, " Zephyr taking thy repose." A solo violin en- titled "Suite of Waltses," as rendered by Mr. T. Booth- royd who responded to an encore, a flute solo, " Kul larnev," Mr. W. H. Podinnre and a duet entitled " Love and War," was sung by Messrs.Griffiths and Fieldhouse, Miss J. E. Pigot acted as pianist and the harmonium accompaniments were paved by Mr. F. Hickman. The singing of the National Anthem terminated the procerd- jags.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
aiwq.

tiPX4;NOW,

MEM

, _ • "' 4'" 7 . • st,c, „ •

===== 0002601_18941201_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
R UNCO RN.

Runcorn public hall was crowded on Friday evening on the occasion of the animal concert and prize distribution in connection with the 2nd V.B. Cheshire Regiment (F. and G. Companies). Miss Barclay, a lady well-known in Runcorn, presented the prizes, and the concert was provided by several well-known artistes viz: Miss Kate Drew (soprano), Miss Violet Simpson (contralto) Mr. Charles Chilley, and Mr. W. Pagan (humorist). Mr. Chilley contributed three items to the program:la-, and twice did he receive encores. " Love's Nocturne " (Laurence Kelly) was hie best effort, and as a matter or course he received voci. ferous applause. Complying with a recall he sang "In. the Bay of Biscay" which further delighted the audience " The Land of Yesterday" (Angelo Mascheroni) by Miss Drew was in every way a success and in this song she , was encored. Her other contributions were " 0 Rlses red and Beses White" (H. Young), and "Page's song from the Huguenots" (Meyerbeer). Miss Violet ;simpson is the possessor of a fine contralto voice and she sang well. Both "By the Fountain," and " The Bells of Ssville," were well suited to her style, and she was suc- cessful in securing a couple of encores. Humrorous sketches were given by Mr. William Pagan, and his rendering of the comic songs, " Three girls in a boat," and, " Mrs. Eory 'Awkins married," received a vocifer- ous applause and recalls. Mr. Birkett Musgrove was accompanist for the evening. The Volunteer Band, under the con.luctorship of Mr. Outhwaite excellently performed " Zar und Zimmermann " (Lortzin; and the fantasia," Storthing of Tel-El-Kebir." During an interval Miss Barclay distributed the prizes to the successful volunteers of the corps during the year. There were also on the Platform : Colonel Ashton, Cap- tain Dutton, Captain Hairison, Captain D. Ashton, Cap- tain Adjutant Ashton, Captain G. F. Ashton ; Lieuts. Evans and Brundrit, Sergeant Major Thomas, Quarter- master Sergeant Flankinson, Colour-Sergeants Poole and Mort; Sergeants Harvey, Woodland, Rushton, Holmes, Joynson, Edwards, Lea, Gittens, and Niel& Captain John Ashton said it was his pleasing duty ts appear before them once again in the capacity of commander of the Runcorn volunteers. It was a posi- tion of which he was very proud, and he thought any man ought to be proud of the position. He might say, that taking the year all round, they had increased in strength and efficiency. Not only in efficiency for drill, but efficiency for firing. He was very proud of that. They had increased in strength 4 per cent. ; in recruits, 4 per cent. ; and in efficiency, 3 per cent. ; and their percentage in camp had increased 5 per cent. The average attendance at drills showed an increase of something like 4 per cent., and, as regarded shooting, F Company had increased nearly 10 per cent. The other company (G) had not quite increased their percentage in shooting to the same extent. Out of 150 men they had got 33 marksmen who were first-class shots. (Applause.) F Company were the winners of the musketry cup for the year, G Company won the prize for the best tent ; and F company for the best line of tents. They had four veterans who were entitled to long service medals for being efficient volunteers for over twenty years. (Applause.) They were Quartermaster-Sergeant Han- kinson, Colour-Sergeant Mort, Colour-Sergeant Poole, and Bugler Buckley,Sergeant Harvey,who had wen Lady Brookes' cup for the third time, and who also won the gold medal out-and-out last year, had again won the gold medal this year. (Applause.) The following prizes were then distributed by Miss Barclay to the respective winners. COMPANY DRILL COMPETITION :—Seven rounds at 200 and 500 yards. One point for every three drills attended during the year added to the points made in shooting. F. Company : Private S Joinson, 68 points, £2; Private T. F. le Couteur, 66, 355.; Sergeant J. A. Rushton, 64, 30s. ; Private C. Garratt, 63, 255. ; Lance-Sergean*. J. Gittens, 63. 20s. ; Private W. H. Broady, 81, 15s. ; Ser- geant G. R. Joynson, 57, 12s. 6d.; Private C. Glover, 58, 10s. ; Corporal J. Marsh, 55, 7s 61. ; Lance-Corporal R. J. Bowen, 52, 5s G. Company: Sergeant W. H. Eiarvey 76 points, £2 ; Private J. Houghton, 71, 355.; Lance-Ser- geant W. Nield, 67. 305.; Sergeant W. B. Cover, 65„ 255.; Private J. Sadler, 64, 203. ; Sergeant D. Edwards, 63, 15s. ; Corporal W. H. Phoenix, 61, 12s. 6d. ; Ser- geant 1. Holmes, 56, 10s.; Private C. Bradbury, 58, 7s. 61. ; Colour-Sergeant J. Poole. 55, ss.

DETACHMENT COMPETITION . Seven rounds at 200 500, and 600 yards : Colour-Sergeant J. Poole, 87 points, Priz9 £3; Sergeant J. A. Rushton, 85, £2 12s. ; Private J. Houghton, 85, £2 ss. ; Sergeant W. B. Cooper, 83, £1 17s. 6d.; Sergeant W. H. Harvey, 80, £1 103. ; Private S. Joinson, 78, £1 ss. ; Colour-Sergeant J. Mort, 77, £1; Lance-Sergeant W. Nield, 76, 17s. 61.; Lance- , Sergeant J. Gittens, 69, 15s. ; Sergeant D. Edwards, 69, 12s. 6d. ; Corporal J. Marsh, 64, 12s. 6d.; Lanse- Sergeant G Lee, 64, 12s. 6d.; Private J. F. Edwards, 64, 108. ; Private R. Shaw, 64. 10s. ; Lance-Corporal R. J. Bowen, 63, 10s. ; Private W H. Broady, 61, 7s. 6d.; Sergeant G. R. Jovnson, 59, 7s. 6d. ; Corporal W. H. Phcenix, 55, 55.; Lance-Cwporal R. Foulkes, 55, 55.; Sergeant F. Holmes. 55, 55.; Private J. Sadler, 54, ss. ; Private C Garratt, 53, ss. ' • Corporal P. Turner, 51, 55.; Sergeant J. W. Woodland, 48, 55.; Private T. W. Cham- berlain, 40, 5a.; Private J. F. le Couteur, 45. 55.; Private C. Glover, 39, 55.; Private W. Forster, 38, 55.; Private C. Bradbury, 38, 55.; Lance-Corporal G. Oultram, 33, 55. RECRUITS' COMPETITION :—Seven rounds at 100 and 200 yards. Privates L. Rosenberg, 60 points, 20s. ; J. Caunce, 59, 17s. 61.; G Preece, 58, 15s. ; E. C0wa0,54, 12s 6cl. ; W. Hewitt, 49, 10s7; S. D. Matthews, 49, 7s. 6d. ; T. Goodin, 45, 53. ; J. Robinson, 44, ss. ; H. Newton, 44, 2s. Gd.; A. Breretnn, 42, 2s. 61. ; D. W. Moorefield, 39. 2s. 61. ; H. H. Gatley, 37, 2s. 6i. ; E. Roach, 34, 2s. 6d. ; T. Ashley, 34, 2s 6d. ; H.Bradshaw, 33, 2s. 6d. Exams SERIES :—Five rounds at 200 yards.—Lance- Sergeant J. Gittems, 25 points, silver biscuit barrel ; Private J. F. Edwards, 25, gold pendant; Private W. H.-Broady, 24, bed quilt; Sergeant W. H. Harvey, 23, goods ' • Colour-Sergeant J. Poole, 23, load coals ; Sergeant J. A Rushton, 23, pair of trousers ; Private C. Glover, 23, umbrella : Private W. Forster, 23, pair of trousers ; Sergeant D. Edwards, 23, shade flowers; Private J. Caunce, 22, box cigars ; Sergeant W. B. Cooper, 22, goods ; Private J. Houghton, . 22, timepiece ; Colour- Sergeant J. Mort, 22, load potatoes ; Sergeant J. W. Woodland. 22, goods; Private L. Rosen- berg, 22, goods ; Lance-Sergeant W. Nield, 21, hat ; Private C. Cowan, 21, lamp; Sergeant T. Holmes, 21, goods; Private C. Garratt, 21. clock ; Sergeant C. R. Joynson, 21. goods ; Private R. Shaw, 21, goods; Private J. Sadler, 20, load potatoes ; Private S. D. Matthews, 20, silk handker- chief ; Private C. Bradbury, 20, vest ; Private G. Preece, 19, leg of mutton ; Lance-Corporal B. Foulkes, 19, 21b. tea ; Corporal W. El. Phoenix, 19, goods; Lance-Corporal R. J. Bowen, 19, walking stick ; Private J. E.. le Couteur, 19, goods ; Corpo-al W. F. Gaskell, 18, 2'b. tea: Private S. Jninson, 18, goods ; Lance-Corporal C. Temple, 18, goods ; Bugler J. Mort, 18, half load potatoes ; Lance-Sergeant G. Lee, 18, 11b. tea. Colonel Ashton, commander of the regiment, proposed a vote of thanks to Miss Barclay for distributing the prizes. Referring to the Runcorn Volunteers he said he did not think there were two finer company's in the regi- ment than the Runcorn detachment. He also mentioned that Miss Barclay had presented the Runcorn detach- ment with a CUD to he compoted for in future years. (Applause:l The conditions were that it must be won three times before it became the property of the owner. (Applause.)—Captain John Ashton seconded, and the vote VMS carried with acclamation.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN WESLEY kNS AND

TEMPER,A.NCE.

Sunday was observed in all the Wesleyan churches in the Rancor-4 circuit as Temperance Sunday. Special temperance sermons and ad- dresses were delivered in both churches and schools, and as a result a good number of Sunday school scholars were led to sign the pled7e. In St. Paul's Church, the preacher at the morning service was the Rev. T. Brackenhury ; at Halton-road Church, Mr. Field- ing, a student, fulfilled the duties for the Rey. W. George, who was indisposed ; and the Rev. W. Lilo Stone was the preacher at Halton Chapel. At Bruns- wick, Mill Brow, and Camden Sunday schools addresses on temperance were delivered by Messrs. J. D. Jones, Bishrown, and Fielding. On Monday evening a public temperance meeting was : held im St. Paul's Wesleyan Chapel, when there was a good attenrlance. Mr. 'l'. Simister occupied the chair, and there were also on the platform : Revs. T. Bracken- bury, W. George, and J. Lile Stone; Messrs. F. J. Nor- man„T.P., J. Simpson, E. Marshall, J. D. Jones, S. Terpperley, J. D. Bisbrown, J. Baguley, and G. Bellamy.

Mr. J. D. Jones (secretary) in submitting his report said that the figures he was about to read in no way described the temperance sentiment amone.st the Methodists either as related to Great Britain. the Liverpool district, or Runcorn district. 'I here was nothing more misleading than figures. The figures did not represent the strength and power of their temperance men and temperance week. They had 4,222 hands of hope with 435.141 members of the same, being an increase of 187 hands of hope, and 14,253 in membership. He had also to report 1,153 temperance societies with a membership of 68,798 beino, an increase of 169 societies and 7,622 !ti membership. The total in- crease for the last three years was 508 hands of hope and 58, 601 in membership, and an increase ef 381 temper- ance societies, and 17,253 in membership. In the Liver- pool district there were 221 hands of hope with a mem- bership of 28,375. There were also 46 temperance societies with a membership of 4,049. He had been un- able to get the figures for the hands of hope in that cir- cuit, but th.ro was one temnerancr society with a mem- bership of 404. (Applause); The 'Chairman said that meeting declared plainly what the attitude of the Runcorn circuit was respecting , the great question before them, viz. : total abstinence. There was no uncertain sound in their churches or Sun- day schools the previous day in reference to the temper- ance question. If they could get all their Sunday school teachers and Sunday school scholars to turn to this matter and resolve that they would abstain entirely

===== 0002601_18941201_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
E XAMIN

from all jot pci3tti ag drialts, the b ),,n to them Nould priceless, and would be a blessing that could not be des- cribed. Of course let them try all they could to shut up the public houses on the Sabbath day, and they would also be very glad to see the Local Option Bill passed. (Applause). He remarked that the sights which they saw in their streets ought to be enough to aff .ct every right thinking person in their midst. Rev. W. George said there was a great temperance work remaining to be done, and that work had to be done by the Church of Christ. By meeting together as they did that night they had their duty put clearly before them. Their conscience was aroused, their sym- pathy was awakened, and they gave encouragement to each other. After referring to the progress of the tem- perance cause in Methodism, he said they had the hope of the future. In their Methodist colleges it was very' difficult to find a man who was not an abstainer from alcoholic doinks. (Elem.. hear.) It was often said that temperance speakers made things appear worse than they were. They had the credit of being guilty of ex- aggeration. But they could not exaggerate in this matter. The evils were so great that they could not find colours black enough to paint them. There were those who still sneered at the Nonconformist conscience. But the Nonconformist conscience had to be reckoned with, and would have to be in the future more than in the past. They were not cyphers in the political life of this country. They counted for something both in Parliain ;a..y :nunicipal life. Politicians were not likely te help them very much unless they had the people bohind them. Behind all the temperance activities of which they heard so much,they might see the Church of Christ standing. (Applause.) rhe Rev. T. Brackenbury referred to ale relation of Methodism to the temperance cause. He said the Methodist church was a temperance church, and that temperance work was part of their church organisation. About 90 per cent, of their Methodist ministers were total abstainers. He thought every Sunday school teacher might take to the class a temperance pledge book, and endeavour to induce the sympathies of every scholar on the side of temperance. They had 130,000 Sunday school teachers and officers and these might be agents of Christian temperance. They had also nearly one million scholars, and this was a fine field for teinner- ance labour. Every class leader might occasionally talk to the members about the duty of uniting themselves for the good of others in this temperance cause. (Applause.) The Rev. W. Life Stone in a lengthy address, spoke of his work in the temperance cause, more especially of his endeavours to reform those who had become drunk- ards. He said they wanted work, not merely talk. They not only wanted fresh legislation, but they wanted also the present laws better administered. He was a Local Veto man, but would be willing to try the Gothenberg system. He would like to see public-houses closed earlier on Saturday nights, and also on Sunday. In conclusion, he said it was the duty of the Christian Church to blot out this great evil. Mr. .1. Simpson pointed out the importance of people being consistent when they professed to be teetotalers, and urged upon them to be steadfast in the work for the benefit of the young. Mr. F. J. Norman, in moving a vote of thanks to the Chairman, spoke of the progress the temperance cause had made, but pointed out the great danger of teetotal- ers becoming intolerant as was the case with some suc- cessful parties.—Mr. Bisbrown seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. The meeting closed with the singing of the Doxology.

one corner of the room seemed to be used as a closet, and the stench was tittb,-.arahle. The other children were very dirty and c ,vered with vermin. He spoke to the defendant about it, and was told that he wanted "a few shillings a week for ale."—P.C. Gresty said that he had known the defendant 18 months, and was stationed on duty in his neighbohrhood. He hal visited the house during the last two months owing to the dirty and filthy condition of ti.- children. The children were suffering unnecessar, pain and were not properly clothed. When worki the defendant could earn 229. a week, and both he at his wife were addicted to drink. —Dr. liossiter deposed visiting the house on October 18th to attend the femal • defendant who had an injured and while he was th-re two of the children came in and used the fireplace as a midden. He had attended there out cf charity and had examined the youngest child and found it covered with vermin,and he had seen the Lthers in the same condition. The last time he saw the woman sh was vite able to come to court.—The Chairman of Os Bench (Mr. Gillespie), after saying that this was one of the w.9rst cases which had come before them, sent the male defendant to gaol for one month's hard labour, and a warrant was issued against the female defendant.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
CRUELTY TO CHILDREN. --- A GOLBORNE CASE.-DISGUSTING

REVELATIONS.

On Saturday morning at the Newton Petty Sessions before Mr. T. J. Gillespie (in the chair), and other magistrates, Thomas Travis was charged with having on the 13th October neglected his children in such a manner as to cause injury tge their health.—Mr. Knowles, solicitor, who prose- cuted on behalf of the N.S.P.C.C., said the facts of the case were that the defendant Travis kept a house in Golborne, with his wife. Tie had eight children, six of whom were small and victims of the neglect and other two earning money. The defend- ant himself earned 353. a week, one son 245. and still another 16a., making a total of over £3 per week coming into the house. The furniture consisted of three chairs, one table and an mid sofa below' and upstairs there were ' two iron bedsteads one in each room, with a mattress and one sheet on them, while in a back room there was a large wooden bucket which was used as a closet, the steneh from which was abominable. The youngest child, six manths old, was clothed in a few rags satur- ated with urine and caked with excrement. Mrs. Travis was in Walton gaol and the six children had been in the Warrington Union until defendant took them out a short time ago. Most of the money which has come into the house has been spent by the male defendant and his wife in drink. While in receipt of such a good income they neglected the six children and lived a life like pigs in dirty and filthy surroundings.—lnspector McAteer, Parker-street, Warrington, said that on the sth of the said month he, in company with P.C. Simpson. of Golborne, visited the. defendant's house, 75, Chureh-st., Golborne, where they found his wife, Elizabeth Travis, I and six children in the kitchen. All the children were in a filthy condition. The eldest boy, Peter, aged 10. wore a pair of old pants very much torn and he had neither boots,stockings nor shirt on. His hair was long, matted together and filled with vermin and dirt. Peter, aged 8, was worse, and had scarcely anything to cover his nakedness, while his hair was in the same condition and he was crusted with dirt and did not appear to have been washed for a considerable time. Mary, aged six, was dressed with one frock and a portion of a tattered chemise, whilst her hair was also matted together, with her head covered with scabs, which the vermin fed upon. Thomas,four, was dressed with two froeks and had no shirt, and his body an rags were swarming with vermin. Bridget, aged two, was sitting in a corner with a chemise on in a fearfully dirty and filthy condition. The baby, Elizabeth, aged six months, was in the condition descrihod be Mr. Knowles. The woman Travis was under the influence of drink,while the kitchen was covered with cinders and other dirt. There was no food ;n the house for the family. The Inspector added he had never seen a worse case since he had joined the Society. Re visited the house with the same constable on the 13th of the same month, and found the children in the same condi- tion, and Mrs. Travis very drunk. When they snoke to her she took up one of the chairs and dashed it to pieces on the floor.—P.C. Blundell, stationed at Golborne, said he had known the defendant two years. He had been inside the house and found it in the condicion described by the Inspector, whose statement was quite correct. Dr. Part deposed to seeing the de- fendant almost dead drunk on the 6th October, with a hole in his forehead, caused by a kick. He had also visited the defendants' house with P.C. Simnson and found the children swarming with body lice. Their con- dition was likely to cause them serious injury.—William Travis, son of the defendant, said he was a collier,work- ing at Wigan Junction. He said their condition was his mother's fault, and not defendant's.—The Bench seemed to agree with him that it was more the woman's fault than the man's, who was away from home most of the time. They would, however, fine him 20s. and costs (£ll- 134. 61. in all), and said they hoped to deal with the woman when her two months' imprisonment elapsed.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOCKING NEGLECT AT HATDOCK.

At the Newton Petty Sessions on Satur.la,v; Henry and Mary Burrows, Porters' Cottages, Blackhrook, Haydock. were charged with neglecting their three children in the early part of September, in a manner likely to cause them injury. The female defendant did not appear.— Mr. Knowles, solicitor, prosecuted on behalf of the N.S.P.C.C., and in his opening remarks.said that on the B'h of the present month the society's inspector visited the house of the defendant, Burrows, and found there three children, William 5 years, Thomas 4 and Mary 12 months. The inspectcr did not complain of the children being short of food but of their filthy condition. The children appeared as if they had not been washed for weeks together. Their bodies were covered with vermin. They had no change of clothing: and there were neither ticks nor flocks to the beds. Ths mattresses where the father,mother,and children slept were saturated through with urine, and in a rotten condition, and the house throughout was in a dirty and filthy state.—A constable stationed at [I api c k deposed to cautionin, the defen- dant and being answered by oaths and threats.—lnspec- tor Vickers, N.S.P.C.C. said that on the 811 of this month he visited the defendants' house and the children were then very filthy. In the house there was only two lbs of dry bread and a little sugar. He examined the youngest child and found that it was covered with vermin and excrement. It had only an old black frock on and neither boots nor stocking. Upstairs the bed was zaturated with filth ;

===== 0002601_18941201_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
WHAT AN INTERVIEW Pi.

A LESSON ON JOURNALDnI.

The interview is a modern contrivance, invented with the object of enabling a newspaper to ascertain exact facts at first hand, without possibility of error. An accredited representative of the newspaper calls at the house of anyone who has a remarkable experience to relate, and takes down an exact statement of the case. For instance, here is a very good example of an " Inter- view" from the "Bridgewater Mercury," a well-known and powerful newspaper. _ _

_ A reporter of the " Mercury" recently interviewed Mrs. Wheadon, of Boroughbridge, near Bridgewater, a very intelligent lady, who expressed herself perfectly willing to give him the information he wanted, hoping that it might be the means of doing good. "My little girl, Emily," she said, "is now in her ninth year. Ever since she was vaccinatad at eight months old, she had been a very delicate child, and given us no end of trouble. I had three doctors for her and they said she was suffering from consumption of the bowels and enlarged glands. The doctors thought she would never recover. She had no appetite and no colour, and was always tired. We tried all kinds of remedies. One day I happened to read in a newspaper about a child who lay near to death—its. death indeed hourly expected—but who had be m. saved at the last moment, when all hope was abandoned, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale I:',ople, and I determined to give them a trial. To my great delight, in three days the child's health had visibly improved. Her appetite increased, her cheeks got a colour, and she became as lively and play- ful as other children. She is a rosy-cheeked little maid now, and I have not had a doctor for her since. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills saved my little girl's life." Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People are a perfect blood builder and nerve restorer, curing such diseases as rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia, partial paralsis, loco- motor ataxy, St. Vitus' dance, nervous headache, nervous prostration,and the tired feeling resulting there- from, diseases depending upon humours in the blood, such as scrofula, erysipelas, &c. They are not a purga- tive, like other pills, and may be safely used by the most delicate ; they restore pale and sallow complexions to the glow of health, and are a specific for the troubles of the female sex, while in the case of men they effect a, radical cure in all cases arising from menial worry, over- work, or excesses of whatever nature.

These Pills are manufactured by the Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, of 48 Holborn-viaduct, London, and are sold by chemists everywhere, but it is essential that the true remedy he secured, and to do this the full name "Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People" must be seen on the pink wrapper. Pills sold loose or by the dozen or hundred are not of Dr. Williams' formula, which cannot be imitated or reproduced by retailers. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are sold at 2s. 91 a box, or six boxes for 13s. 9d.. and may be had direct by post from the Com- pany at these prices.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEWTON DISTRICT COUNCILS.

WARGRAVE WARD.

A. meeting in connection with the candidature of Messrs. Davies and Pryor was held in the Vulcan schoolroom on Tuesday evening. Mr. J. Rodgers presided, and there was a very fair attendance of electors. The chairman said he was pleased to be present in support of Messrs. Davies and Pryor, and in supporting them he did so for the reason that the promoters of the Parish Councils Bill used as an argu- ment in support of that bill, that they wanted to incul- cate a stronger interest, and a stronger desire in the working classes to take an active interest in working out the social welfare of the district in which they resided. That undoubtedly was the intention of the promoters of the measure and those who assisted in the passing of it. Obstacles were thrown in the way of the passing of the measure, but having overcome those difficulties, they would be ungrateful to those who had supported the measure, if they as working men were to sit quietly by and simply record their votes without taking any interest in the social welfare of the neighbourhood. Why should they not go ahead and aripreciate the rights they were getting, and use them, not to the exclusion of this or that party, but to the benefit of the people generally ? Mr. W. Davies said during his connection with Newton he had taken an active interest in the affairs of the neighbourhood, and in connection with the various associations in the district he had held as many posi- tions as anyone in the neighbourhood, and he did not think he had ever misused any of those positions, and on those grounds he had some reason, he thought, to COMP before them, and ask them for their votes on that occa- sion. It was his strong wish and desire to have work- ing men of all shades of opinion ,sn the District Councils, and he thought both the Councils and the neighbour- hood would be benefited by that, (Rear, hear.) Refer- ring to the address of Dr. Mouncey particularly with regard to the Cemetery question, he said that was a very important question. He was struck with the very heavy expenditure that fell upon the working-men as a class, in a case of bereavement, which was a time when working-men could very ill spare the money, and he found that the charge at Newton Cemetery was four times as much as at St. Helens. There were plenty of things in connection with the Cemetery that required reform, and if returned to the Council, he should always do his best to make the charge easy for his own class in case of bereavement. The night-soil was a very difficult question to deal with, but something would have to be ' done with regard twit in the district. Alluding to the increase in rates, he gave as his opinion that one way of meeting any increase was the taxation of ground rents. Whether he and his colleague were returned or, not, he hoped the time would sh )rtly arrive when they would have a fair representation of working-men on the Council. If they thought they would be best repre- sented by the three large employers of labour. he said vote for them and send them to the Council.— Mr. E. C. Pryor also addressed the meeting. He had nothing personal to say against any of the candidates as he believed they were all estimable men, but it was certain all six of them could not get on to the Council. He alluded to the sanitary condition of the Vulcan cottages, which he said reeinired looking into. One of the candidates, who was now a member of the Commis- sioners, out of 84- meetings had only attended 25, and was absent 59 times.—Mr. Cordingley moved a resolution pledging the meeting to do all in its power to return Messrs. Davies and Pryor at the head of the poll.—Mr. W. Jackson seconded and the motion was carried with two dissentients.—& vote of thanks to the Chairman closed the meeting.

WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH OF WARRINGTON. Week ending 17th November, 1894.. During the week, which was the 46th of the current year, the following births and deaths were registered : Births. Deaths. Warrington 37 • 25 Latchford 8 1

Total 45

The excess of births over deaths was 19. The death- rate from all causes was equal to 24.1 per 1,000, asminst 15.5 the average of the previous four weeks, and against 21.7 the corresponding week of last year. The death- rate from the seven chief zymntic diseases was equal to 27 per 1,000. against 1.3 the average rate of the four previous weeks, and against 2.8 the corresponding week ot 1893. The ages of mortality were- -0-1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-65 65 up. 9 4 2 2 6 2

The deaths included-1 from diarrhcea, 1 from scarlet fever, 1 from diphtheria, 2 from nhthisis, 2 from tuber- cular disease, 1. from old age, 7 from lung disease, 4 from brain disease, 1 from heart disease. ,The following cases of infections disease have been reported during the week :—Erysipelas 2 cases, scarlet fever 11 cases, diphtheria 1 case.

'JOHN H. GORNALL Medica,l Officer of Health.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
'ft RDA Y DECEMBER 1 1894.

THINGS HEARD AND SEEN AT WARRINGTON.

Thomas Troy, who has been so much trouble to the police in Warrington, by his inordinate desire to possess things which do not belong to him, and by his weakness for stabbing his brother with a penknife, etc. will not fall into their clutches again for a long time. His escapade with his brother caused his appearance at Liverpool Assizes before Mr. Justice Wills, with the result that he will be incarcerated in one of Her Majesty's prisons for the long term of five years. He will be a welcome riddance to Warrington, and frequenters of the police court will miss a well known face.

' Balaclava heroes are gradually dwindling away, and soon they will all be gone. One of them in the person of Sergeant Donoghue of Penketh passed away this week, and to some extent he was pre- eminent among them, for he sounded the charge of the bight Brigade. Our government are not over generous to the veterans who have risked their lives on behalf of their country, and although Sergeant Donoghue served both in the Crimea and in the Indian Mutiny, he only received the paltry pension of Bd. per day. This is poor remuneration indeed. In fact some of the survivors of the famous charge are at present in workhouses. Surely so long as England possesses an army, those who have served faithfully and well, ought •to receive better treatment than this.

' The oddfellows of the "Admiral Nelson" lodge have good cause to congratulate themselves,seeing that they had such a successful gathering at the Queen's Hotel on Monday night last week. The meet- ing: was honoured, not only by a very large attend- ance, but by the presence of such " big guns" as G. M.Diprose (London), P.G.M., 11. Flowers and Bro R. Pierpoint, M.P. An able address was given by the Grand Master pointing out the very successful and flourishing condition of the Oddfellow lodges and particularly the "Admiral Nelson Lodge.

How many more disagreeable things is the pre- vailing bad trade going to be responsible for? The latest "bitter pill" is to be found in the abandon- ment of the scheme for the construction of the proposed railway from the Lincolnshire coast to Warrington. There doesn't seem to be any sugar coating round the "pill," either, unless the likely continuation of the scheme when trade mends,can be designated so. Three years have passed now, since the first sod for the proposed line was cut near Chesterfield and up to the present time that portion between Newark and Lincoln has been nearly com- pleted. Undoubtedly the loss to Warrington is great as the amount of trade we are thus deprived of is very great and the opportunity for the open- ing up of the country side in the Grappenh all and Snutsford directien is last. I rather fancy that any more new schemes in cnnnection with this good old town will be looked upon with a doubtful eye.now that this scheme has been abandoned, and, sad to say, the docks are not yet commenced, though one out of the stipulated three years is almost past.

The inhabitants of Penketh and Sankey, and in fact everybody who uses Penketh-lane for the pur- pose of traffic will hear with satisfaction that negotiations are almost concluded whereby the lane at Halton's Bridge will be raised and straightened. It is quite time that something was done there. If a furniture van goes down the incline, when it gets to the curve it completely blocks the way, and nothing can pass until it is out of the way. It is, therefore, a matter of congratulation that this road is to be improved.

The debate upon the House of Lords which was held under the auspices of the Warrington Debating Society, was of a very interesting nature from beginning to end. There was a great deal of interest taken in it by the public as was shown by the large number which attended. The debate began with a duel between Mr. Pierpoint, M.P., and Mr. A. H. Crosfield, after which the discussion was thrown open. Councillor Roberts made a very vigorous speech on Friday evening, and on Wednesday also when he took up the task of replying on behalf of the Liberals. All the other speakers also helped to keep up the interest of the debate. Mr. Diggle, as usual,appeared in the character of humorist, and his interjections at times were very, annoying to the speakers. But as everyone knows, Mr. Diggle is a privileged man.

Evidently there is no satisfying the demands of some people, for Annie Ryan, the well known " character" at the Police Court, though she was endowed with a month's hard labour applied for another 7 days. As far as could be seen there was no particular cause for her unreasonable demand there except that of flouting the bench and showing how little she cared for their punishment. "Annie's" determination to secure the coveted week was so great that she three times returned to the " dock" for the purpose of condemning the magistrates to purgatory and various other more or less undesirable places. The Chairman however, was disinclined to part with the valuable period and " Annie " had to submit to be taken down to the cells below.

Mr.Diggle keeps "pegging away" with his appeals in support of the Florence Mill hands, and he is evidently of opinion that he will win sympathy by his much speaking. He came to the Borough Court on Tuesday and made another appeal for them, and during the course of his interview with the magis- trates he rather startled the court by claiming re- lationship with the leader of the Diggleite party on the London School Board, and also with Mr. Diggle, the famous billiard player. He described the Diggles as a" rum lot." I notice that he intends to still further advocate the cause of the unemployed to-night, when he will dvliver a lecture at the old Masonic Rooms, Sankey-street, upon the poor laws, showing them to be" harsh, cruel, and inhuman."

Further evidence of the success of the Wycliffe P.S.A. was afforded in the crowded tea meeting last week. An !interesting and amusing meet- ing was held after the tea, at Which Mr. T. Morris, the Rev. J. Yon2e, and last, but by no means least, .Mr. Risque, of Manchester, took the most promin- ent parts. The latter gentleman was rather a sur- prise to the audience—but certainly a success. His address was very humorous, and kept the audience in a continual ripple of laughter. The Rev. J. Yonge had good cause to remark in his address upon the attendance ; in fact, the crush of people necessitated two sittings at the tables. This, how- ever, was not much regretted by the second batch of tea-drinkets, as it only increased their appetites and consequently their capacity for "putting things away

Some time ago, several cases, were heard at the Warrington Borough Court in which persons were fined for travelling old, broken4own horses across the country to Grimsby in order to be shipped to Antwerp and Rotterdam, presumably for human consumption. It was then stated that Warrington was a general meeting place for that class of per- sons, it being on the highway from the west to the east coast. 1 notice in a Grimsby newspaper, that two Russians and a German were summoned at the police court at that town for the same offence and were each pretty heavily fined. Some rather pecu- liar revelations came out at the trial, and thy were not very complimentary to the foreigners. The solicitor for the prosecution said that it was the practice of certain persons to buy knackers' horses and ship them for Antwerp because they produced a better price than when sold in England as dogs' or cats' meat. After this, lam sure that English- men travelling abroad should be careful about what they are eating.

The decision of the Local Government Board in favour of adding the Cheshire townships of the Warrington Union to the Runcorn Union is any- thing but agreeable news to the ratepayers of War- rington Union and to many of the inhabitants of the townships. It was clear from the evidence given at the recent inquiry that there is a pretty strong feeling in Grappenhall, Thel- Ns, all, and Latchford (Without) in favour of the old love rather than the new, and it may be taken for granted that the foeling is not least strong amongst the poor peo,ple who are more or less dependent on Union relief. However, there is little to be gained by crying over the inevitable, and I suppose the decision of the Local Government Board is final.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
11 ERLIN.

H.M. cruiser Phoebe has arrived at Ascension, with her crew stricken down by fever as the result of her long stay on the West Coast of Africa. Six deaths have occurred.

Anton Rubinstlin, the famous musician, on died Tuesday at Peterhof, near St. Petersburg. A St. Petersburg telegram of Tuesday states that the Czar's marriage will be celebrated on Monday next.

"WELL PLAYED, HOMOCEA." A friend writing a personal letter concludes with the following : "This is from one of my small school boys after describing all his walks and runs on Saturday last —‘ My hocks (or whatever they call the back of the knees), got stiffer and stiffer, and when I was getting into bed I found 'could hardly move, and so I managed feebly to reach the place where the Homocea lives, and put some on my leg, and to-day it is perfectly well, Well pllyed, Homocea P "

HOMOCE4 v. BRUISES. Mr. Thomas Lydiatt, of the Liverpool Evang,e!isation Society, residing at Clifton Terrace, Birkenhead, says his son got a severe blow just over the eye with a cricket ball, causing much swelling and discolouratinn. He had it at once rubbed well with Homocea afterwards apply- ing it as a plaster. This was at night. Next morning the swelling was greatly reduced, and by the evening there was hardly a sign of the bruise.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
"BUCKET-SHOP REVELA.TIONS."

Harry Meeking, aged 20, described as a compositor, pleaded guilty at the Cld Bailey to obtaining money by false pretences. The prisoner, it was adeged, carried on business as the City and Provincial Investment Corpora- tion, Westford and Company, Thomas Carson and Com- pany, and as the United Kingdom Stock and Share Brokers' Association. He had scattered circulars re commending various farms of Stock Exchange specula tion throughout the kingdom. A large number of people were defrauded.—Mr. Geoghegan, who defended said it was prepsterous to suppose that the circulars specimens of which• were before the court, could have emanated from the brain of the prisoner, who, although represented as speculating in hundreds of thousands of pounds, was in reality occupying two rooms at 3s. 3J. per week, and was positively at the time of arrest pur- suing the humble advocation of hawking vegetables about the streets.—The Common Serjeant said he would give the prisoner an opportunity of informing Inspector Downs or Detectives Dowse and Oats, who had charge of the case, of the names of his principals who had been plundering the public pf many hundreds of thousands fo pounds.—Sentence was postponed.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTRIC LIGHT AND POWER. LANCASHIRE "A GARDEN OF EDEN."

There was a large attendance at the second meet- ing of the Literary and Philosophical Society on Mon day:evening last week in the Museum Lecture-room, The chair was occupied by the President (the Rev. L. J. T. Darwell). Mr. Arthur H. Crosfield, Walton Lea, and Mr. John Bernard, Sunny-side, Latchford were unanimously elected members of the society Other names were submitted, and they will be balloted for at the next meeting. The PRESIDENT, before introducing the Lecturer, remarked that four years had elapsed since a paper was I read before the society on electricity, and that was in connection with the telegraph ; therefore that evening they would have special interest in listening to Mr. Bally, because the subject was one which had the deepest concern for them all. He had no doubt that the lecturer, whose fame had preceded him, would greatly interest them. (Applause.) Mr. F. G. BAILY, M.A. (Lecturer in University Col- lege, Liverpool), then proceeded to read a paper on "The Modern D3velopments of Electric Light and Power," with experimental and 'lantern illustrations. Councillor F. W. Monks was in charge of the lantern. Mr. Baily remarked at the outset that the present age had been called generally the age of steam, and if one looked round in Lancashire and all parts of the North of England he would be quite convinced of the truth of the saying. Pretty nearly everything was done by steam and all the sdurces of their power were practi- cally summed up in the words "steam engine." There were a few exceptions perhaps, the gas engine being the most important, but still they could say that the age was essentially that of the steam engine. But there were considerable signs that the subsequent ages, the next immediate time would be ta) a much larger extent not the age of steam,but the age of coal transferred into elec- trical power, and that electricity would be the immedi- ate source of all their power in their everyday life. Even at present the various ways in which electricity was applied was one of the most surprising occurrences of the latter end of the century. There was hardly any branch of life to which electricity had not been applied, although the application was only to a limited extent. In most large towns electric lighting was an accom- plished fact, and there was to be seen street lighting, lighting in houses, and all sorts of artificial lighting, down to microscopic slides and illuminating for medical purposes. Heating was thus also done, although to a small extent, with its various applications to cooking and so on. The transmission of power, the carrying of power from one place to another, had received an enormous improvement,notably in the case of the Niagara scheme, and to a limited extent it had been applied in England. There were also wide possibilities in the way of smelting and forging and welding, and nearly all the copper was now purified by electricity. It had a wide application in the medical interest, part of which was of doubtful utility, whilst other applications were based on a thoroughly sound scientific basis, and the latest use to which electricity had been applied was with regard to the transmission of signals, but it would take up too much time to ' attempt to deal with all of them that evening. He would, therefore, limit himself to the application of electricity te lighting and to the transmission of power, they being the most important ones at the present time, and for a long time to come. Although he had said that the next age would be one of electricity,they would never get rid in England at all events of the coal fields; they could never rely on anything but coal for a source of power, simply because they had no other source. One of the great functions of electricity was to enable them' to transmit power from one place to another with great ease. They were familiar with many instances—the ordinary belt from a fly wbeel to a pulley, and the cable tramway, and the steam and water pipe were all examples of the trans- mission of power; but the great advantage of electricity was to simplify the transmission of power very much. It gave them a very much wider range of distance, and a wider range of application at the other end. A num- ber of lantern illustrations were then thrown on the screen, and Mr. Baily also gave a number of successful experiments of an interesting character. In conclusion, he said they could expect a large extension of these various applications in a few years' time, as soon as people more fully appreciated the benefits to be obtained from electricity, both in electric lighting and in power. One could hardly understand why it was not more gen- erally adopted. The electric light was not only efficient, but clean, safe, and cooler than gas or oil, and it did not make the smallest amount of impurity in the air; in fact it supplied a little oxygen. They could hardly over- estimate the benefits of electicity in a crowded office. Electricity was really one of the moat hopeful means of getting rid of the appalling trouble of smoke. It was almost a disgrace to the science of the country that it had not done something material to get rid o!it,whereas as a matter of fact nothing had been done. - One could abolish seven-tenths of the smoke by the use of electric- ity and good stoking; it would make Lancashire a gar- dee of Eden if electricity were more generally used. (Applause.)

Mr. BROADBENT proposed and Mr. A. J. Jolley seconded a vote of thanks to Mr. Baily for his interesting lecture. —Mr. William Long,in supporting the motion, said that those who were most familiar with electricity Pp to this point felt that there was a large unknown future before it. It would be a great boon to all of them if they could impress upon their manufacturers the fact that they could do their work without poisoning the people. (Hear, hear, and laughter.)—Mr, .1. RYMER YOUNG also spoke, and the motion was then put to the meeting and heartily agreed to.

At the Northumberland Assizes at Newcastle on Mo day Samuel George Emery, aged 20, a soldier, was se^ tenced to death for the murder of his sweetheart, Mart. Ann Marshall, aged 17, at Tyner-41°13th.

The result of the polling in Forfarshire was declared on Monday. The Ron. C. M. Ramsav, the Unionist candidate, was returned. The figures were M. Ramsay (U), 5,145 ; 11. Robson (L). 4,859 ; majority, 286.

Of the fifty-one thousand breweries estimated to be in the world, twenty-six thousand are in Germany. France has more money in circulation, in proportion to its population, than any other country.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
INFLAMED FOOT AND ANKLE.

NORTIIMARSTON VICARAGE, BUCKS. Sir,—Your" Homocea "has cured an inflamed foot of mine, which caused me great pain and almeist lAied me for a while. It has since completely relieved a friend's ankle, owing to which, till he tried your Ointment, he walked with extreme difficulty. Yours sincerely, S. B. JAMES, D.D. LORD COMBERMERE says IlomocEa did him mor good than any embrocation he had, ever used for rheu matism. LORD CARRICK writes : " A 77ish to testify to the good hand of God my Father upon me, in blessing your " Homocea "in healing me of bleeding piles." Remember that

" HOMOCEA INSTANTLY TOUCHES THE SPOT.'

All wholesale houses stock BOMOCEA. it can be obtained from Chemists and others at is. lad or 2s. 9d. per box, or will be sent by post for is. 3d. and 3s. from the wholesale agency, 21, Hamilton Square, Birkenhead. Sold in the neighbourhr,od by J. R. YOUNG, SANKEI, STREET, WARRINGTON ; by the executors of the late ISAAC SPEAKMAN, BRIDGL'-STREET PHARMACY, RUN CORN; J. H. WESTON, DEVONSHIRE BUILDING, RUN CORN ;S. STRINGFELLOW, 1, COLLEGE-STREET, ST HELENS; and by E. BOOTH, 5, CHESTER BRIDGE CREWE. (4)

STOP ONE MOMENT!

"Oh dear, Doctor, what will you recommend for my Children's Coughs and Colds ? " TRY.

TIM DR WI LLIAMS'

PATENT.

BALSAM OF HONEY.

The most marvellous Cure for all disorders of the Chest Throat, and Lungs. It never fails to give instant, relief and does not contain Latadanuna, Opium, or Morphia.

• -- ECONOMISE YOUR HE ILT/I. HEALTH IS THE FIRST WEALTH.

All who are engaged in outdoor and indoor occupation,!and are especially escposed to the ever-varying climate of Great Britain, BR WISE IN TIME I Don't tamper with Danger but go straight away for

TUDOR WILLIAMS'

PATENT

BALSAM OF HONEY.

IT IS INVALUABLE for weak-chested men, delicate women, and children. It cures when all other remedies fail. It cures Coughs, Colds, Bronchitis, Asthma, Ti,fhtess of the Chest. It cures thousands of children of Bronehitis and Whooping Coughs. It, cures for One Shilling when Pounds have been spent in vain. DO TRY IT If you have a Cough, try it; if you have a Cold, try it; if you have Bronchitis, try it. It loosens the Phlegm and pro- motes expectoration, produces warmth and comfort to the chest, and gives refreshing sleep when you have lust nights Of rest,

===== 0002601_18941201_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
";:.-44A-:. • , ~,, •

===== 0002601_18941201_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
Eht Oranuner " A)trtts.

OW LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE oourry NEWSPAPERS COMpriSeS THE Trarringtos and Mid-Ckeshire Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday morning. THE Earle:town and Newt.* Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examitsir, published every Friday afternoon. THE Runcorn Examine', published every Friday afternoon ; and THE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday afternoon.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. Coming under the following heads Are inserted in ALL the above-mentioned Paperfl for ONE CHARGE, as per scale given below. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET. SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANTED, AP ARTMENTS W ANTED, MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT, MISCELLANEOUS WANTS, MOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. One Three Six Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 . .............. Os 64 ... is 3d ... 2s Od 27 ............... Os 9d ... Is 10d ... 3a Od 36 ...............Is Od ... 2s 64 ... 4s Od 45 ............... Is 341 ... 3s ld ... 5s Od 64 ............... is 64 ... 3s 8s Od The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Adver- tisement inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
„,,...--- ilomtatt Otrbanto, Su.

GOODSERVANTS requiring situations should apply to Mrs. WonstEir, 41. Preston-st.,..Hulme, Manchester.

WANTED by a respectable Person, a nituation as HOUSEKSTIPER.—J,R., 14, Noel-street, off Lodge- e, Liverpool.

lane,

WANFED, GBNIITLA.L, to wash; easy pace; character invcstigated; wiges ss. weel4y.-39, Nlarshall-rcad, Le,enshulme, Manchester.

GIRL (16 or 17) wanted immediately ; one accos- tomed to hoosework ; early riser; references. —Apply 15, Hertford-road, Boole. Liverpool.

SEVHILAL Go d Generals an, Housenaalds Disenglged Ladies c refullv suireri.—Mrs ALLEN, Lilac Cottage Tiabb, St. Georges', Wellington Salop.

LADIES requiring good Servants may be quicxly suited at Mrs. WOR,LEY'S Registry, 41, Preston-street, Hulme, Manch: sten GO:ill -ITI7AI lONS waiting for General Servants and others.—Miss DALTRY, Agent, 8, St. Peter's-street, --___

WANTED, a good MINERAL SERVANT, abont 23, who can wash; wages £16.--54, Church-street, Eccles, 31 a n ch e s te r .

Oldham

WANTED SITUATION as GROOM; ride nd drive ; single or pair; age 23, single ; good character. H. KNirrox. Doveriege, Derby.

COACHMAN, r Groom and Catchman.—Married man ws ta situation ;14 years' reference—S. SANIWAYS, C.Aoughs Newcastle. Staffordshire.

ANTED.—Th,rough COOK. WAITRHSS and yount IT VY H 01181351 ‘ID No rPply nnlessfull particulars sent. —T. L. S., 10, hoghton-st., Southport.

MISS 111-DON'S REGISTRY, IrlAm-street, WarTington. Required immedia' ely. many plain Cook-, Housemaids raid Generals Situations all gentlemen's families.

"W LE, k Altd.—centr.l Registry Office Townhill. LADIES requiring s milts (number booked), an t SERVANTS disengage , suited. Stampq for particulars.

WANTY.D, sitnati.,n as H HAD GROOM or COACHMAN thoroughls understands the management of hunters ; married, age 40, welgt about 9 stone.—Address C. NEALE. The Gr, cu. IC-tton. Rut laro.

QI4,VA,T6' Ittg stiy.—Mrs. COVVSTBY, 41. Watergate i•J street. Chester. requires Cqoics, Waitress. Also several good G. nerals. Mother's help disengaged; has on her 11. t two fir t elasa Cooehmen

WANTED ST k ATION as COACHMAN, thoroughly experience in hunters and harness horses Light -weight ; married ; no Canny ; highest references.—PFlESON, Colepike Hall, Durham

ITUATION WANTED, tv respect hie middle-aged person, 0 as Working-housekeener in private or f r:n-house ; high- est reference. —A.kir ess P.. care of Mr. HuLsF., litkiutott Mill, nesr Tarporley, Cheshire.

ALADY wishes to recommend a Stem' iv YOUTH, of 15. for a Situ ttion under a Butler or Parlourmaid ; has some rwwledge of his (intim—Ma. WILLI-S, Rochforii House, Tenbury, Wor.ester‘hire.

WANTED, thorou,4ll go d GRN, HAL, for Liverpool ; understands plain cooking; small t amity; none need apply wtthou good references Apply ,tating age. capabili- ties, wages required .—D FAY, 31, Berry-St. Liverpool.

A.Lit %nd FIIMALU NUASES INSTITUTION, 70, IN I ilope-st.. Liverpool. Heath 1878.—For attendants, Mental. Medical, and Monthly Nurses, Massage, *only or ',.lefrrauh " Nur.ses " Livotnool • tephone 57C.

Dtu _liter WANTS SI lt A lON as Mother's F4ll' Help or tiolvelceeper to widower, fond of children, donssiticateit, not smalt j .1 'rv, London , referred age 23.—Mis5 FIELDING, Springfietd Houe, Caen Hill, Devizes.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
URauttl)

AGRNrs WANTRD to push first-class M Anery Oils Liberal Commission—Box 31, Post Office, Liverpool. WANTED, Suffer. rs from Lurnb.iro or Druosy t,o senci t 4 stamps for certaiu cure. J. AsniA, wru, Buxton Chorley.

%chi

WANTIM entire charge o' child shout- 3 or would adopt ; state terms. Mr. BUITBILWOWIH, Bentley Ha 1 `on, Bury .

Blto,

ONTB CARLO, new exeiti, g game for wi.,ter evenings, 1 yOSt free? stamps.--JENNINGS, Fou ,drv-road, Stam- ford. Agents NVA.NTED AFPRRNTICE to the Confection. ry US- nes* ; pr, mium req. ired.—Apply A. U. LAZENBY. 9 litylands-street Warrin4ton.

_ WANTED, APPItEN 108 to the Confectionery liu-i- -ness ; photo to accompany applicition.—Address H. 21.. 87. Bast Parade, Keighley. -WIF-30,V-LADY Wl,Hii: CARP, OF A CHILD. over year old. Term £25 per amuum. Would adot. Premium. —MTS. BADOIS, BOA/P.

WANTED, &large qusutity of Petneleum Casks. free to VT Mid -I.esbrough.—Address price. &c., to Box 56, Post Office, Middiesrougb.. _ ------ EILFLOY VINT offered to fifty persons in every district; a gout salary. —Apply with stamped addressed en- velope, CoUSINS. 1, Hartshead. !3h-ftleld. EDUCA.TIONAL.—Inspectors of Wei- hts and Measures. Candidates cow...tied for Board of Tra to examination . Write Bsiness Acetd , emy eolleize-strere, Rothe-ri AM. _

GOOD PAY, PERMA.NEM. iYI4I3NT.—PE,:.;z4ON Persons (wale and fenlilP) under 22 wishing to secure situations having these advintages should a dress 1 UTOR 11, Hillbrow-villas, East Finehley, London.

FOREIGN STAMP-I.—oollectors WANTED to send for our approval Selections. Several thousand varieties. Good specimen, cheap. Colleations bought. K ierence or deposit required.-14‘tiat0w STAMP CO.. 11. chapel-wake. Liverpool.

RAKE SINGLE t,TAPS WA NTED. especially old colo- nial and European. Very high prices given for these, can so r.etirnes I.ay i5-5O per cent. ov,r c.talo4ue price.— W. 11. PKCIEITT, 440. btraud, W.C. (opposite Charing Cross Station).

,TOBACCONISTS commencing. .11rd. Guide (259 pages) 3d.—Tos•CCONISTS' CO.. 186, Bustlit r.ad. London. Shop-fitters tor all Ira es —Manager, H. MYK.S. Est 1816.

lAE LFT OFF COTttbS uuught, ueet price fur parcels tor- warded, if not approved, goods returned. --JAMBE, GOR- MAN, New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 326, 328, and 346, Deansgate, Manchester. IWO N D-HA.ND D ttttnh SU ITS, hiiiitary, I heatrical,liatid Uniforms and Liveries for sate or hire. —JAMES GOR- MAN, New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 326. 328, and 346, D.easyste, Manchester. Also Gentlemen's misfit Suits perfectly new at a third cost price. A GENTS required in unrepresented districts for the Im- , perial Live Stock Insurance Association. Lim•ted. atablish,d 1878. Horses, Ca tie, /cc.. Inured against Yleath from Accident and Disease. Claims Paid, £85,000 Ipplications should he address.-d to Mr. B. S. Essex, Manager, 17, Pall Mall Fast, London. W.

PLATN WRITIIRS WAFTED (t ome work) ; easy • either tex ; book agency correspondence, no %ook buying, no 'canvassing, specimen copy instruetions included, 10d ; instructions &one, 4d also addressed envelope, workers rtpaid stamps returned if writing not plain enough, liberal pisyment,genuine.—Letters only "J. Pim" 12,Warwick-row, Cftventry.

T and those oommencing should call or send 1 for our Price List. Competition deiled.--Gozherzo's, Parftdi t

===== 0002601_18941201_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
Vubitt foouqes, scr_7

rIiBNANTS INTERBST in the Goodwill, Fixtures. Ar-e 1 Old-established Licensed House, situate centre of that great pleasure resort West Derby, !mown as "West Derby Hotel." Large premises attached, yard. stabling, &c. Tram terminus oppos te door. Mrs. RltWiillSoll has carried on the business successfully for over 40 years. Now retiring. —Cards to view. &c.. apply H. C. ANDERTON 101, Dale-st.. Liverpool.

WEIGHBOURHOOD of Bold-street. uld-established auperior SPIRIT VAULTS and Reston, ant. Rxteo- eive premises, handsomely fitted throughout ; large and valu- able inventory ; fortune to energetic man.—Partic,ilars aitd cards to view apply B. C. ANDERTox, 101, Dale-et., Liverpool.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
J. M. BEACON,

_ SWAN HOTEL, BRIDGE-STREET, WA A.RINGTON. INES AND SPIRITS OF CHOICEST BRANDS. WO THINGTON'S East India Pale and Burton Ales, PIN OLATHE'S Dublin. Nourishing, and other Stouts, GUINNESS'S DUBLIN EXTRA STOUT, DO ITLE AND CA.±.. Hop Bitters, and Old Style Ginger Beer, Bottles only. Family Tads Specially Catered for.

DR. J. CuLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNH. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. CIILORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to be the moat wonderful and valuable remedy ever dia-

ouvered. OHLORODYNE is the best remedy known for kJ Coughs, Constimi,tion, Bronchitis, and Asthma. CHLORODYNE effrctually checks and arrests kJ ti.ose too often fatal dia ases.—Diphtheria,Fever,Croup,

Ague. 'IIiLORODYN E acts like a charm in Diarrhcea V and is the only specific in cholera and Dysentry. CHLORODYNE effectually cuts short all attacks of Epilepsy Hysteria, Palpitation, and Spasms. CJILORODY NE is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatism, Gout Cancer, Toothache. Meningitis, ac. From Dr. B, J. Bot•TiroN and Co.. Horncastle. We have made pretty exten-ive use of Chlorodyne in our practice lately, and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain aud irrita- thon in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling of comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to possess this great advantage over alt other:Sedatives ; that it leav a no unpleasant after erfeets. " Earl Russeli communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Man- illa, to the effect that Cholera had been raging leartullv' and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORODYNE," —See Lancet, Ist December, 1864. CAU'ILON.—BEWAKS OF PIRACY AND IMITA- TIONS. CAlrrioN. - Vice Chancellor Sir W. Pew& WOOD stated that Dr. .T. Corns B •OWXE was, undoubtedly. the inventor, of "CHLORODYNE " and that the story of the delenlant FREEMAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to say, had been sworn to.—See Times, 13th July-, 1864. Sold in bottles at Is. lld . 2s 9d., and 44. 6d. None is genuine without the words " DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNII: " on he Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medical testimony accompanies each bottle. SOLE MaNtrEacrvrt,n9.- J. T. DA,VFNPORT, 73, Great Bussell-at., Bloomt.bury, London.

TIIE EXAMINER, SATURDAY DECEMBER 1. 1894. alo

===== 0002601_18941201_art0040.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
„

===== 0002601_18941201_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
0113rellantou5.

RECIPE. How to cure or dress any kind of skins free 2/-. Skins dressed Humphries, Park-st., Nuneaton.

HALL'S MY HATTER. HATS! HATS! HATS

LOWEST PRICES

HATS AND CAPS

OF EVERY DESCRIPTION Can be obtained at HALL'S NOTED HAT SHOP,

1. 2.1.111:LET G2Ti. W1;;GION.

ilaiatilantous.

70 NEW Plush Satin PIECES, 3in. square, 1. 5d.; 145 for 2s. 6d.—Sutton Hone, Lee, Kent.

ITALUABLII recipe for harness BLACKING, equals best, y quarter cost Bd.—Mr. TATES, Torksey, Lincoln.

WHITE STAR LINE for NEW YORK every WHDNESDAY.

GUION LINE to NEW YORK, every SATURDAY.

NEW Z NAL AND, TASMANIA, and AUSTRALIAN LINBS landing vassetwers on route at Teneriffe, ca,

B 1 Mr. WILLIAM ELLIS.

By Messrs. JOHN MAINWABING 4. Co.,

SORE IriOULDERS, SORE BACKS. &c., quickly CURED BY CONDY'S FLUID. Veterinary Pook free from 61, Turnmill-Street, E. C. Horses suffering from wounds, cuts, bruises, broken knees, cracked heels, grease or thrush. CURED in a few hours by bathing the parts affected with Condy's Fluid. (diluted). Jr makes the hair grow where rubbed off. Prices, 8 oz. is. ; 20 oz , 2s. of all Chemists. 'VETERINARY BOOK free containing full direet,ons for 7 C Ji tio FLUID WORKS, 61, Turnmill-street, London,E C.

'bine

EIOR SALE, one 10-Horse Pertable ENGINE. in very good IL working on'er ; one 8-Horse ditto; 5 Cooke's DOUBLE PLOUGHS, XL H N.—Joan DRURY, Laceby, Grimsby.

T ocomrivß TANK ENGINES (Second-hand) FOR 1-4 SAL ; 9 and 1E) inches, brass tubes and copper boxes, In splendid condition, ready for wotk, a bargain to avoid removal.—Address J. HODGSON and Co., Darlington. 11

===== 0002601_18941201_art0042.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Aftar

===== 0002601_18941201_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
eili t I rat to i t.

MANCHESTER GRAMMER SCHOOL FEE £4 4s. PER TERM. THE NEXT TERM BEGINS TUESDAY, JANUARY 15TH, 1895. ENTRANCE EXAMINATION, MONDAY, JANUARY 14TH, At 9 a.m. PROSPt CTUSES, Forms of Application, &a., may be bad at the School

OWEN W. COX. RECEIVER. N —P^ 1-11.n,7 Vous r.^N, oTn,rr. ,andc'r the ”tret!on cif ttr3

StQTABLES.—Good. excellent po-ition ; two stalls; low.—Apply Y.M.C.A.. Friar's Green, Warrington.

This EFFECT ARE— IMPROVRMENT IN SLEEP, INCREASE OF APPETITE; IMPROVEMENT IN DIGRSTION AND ASSIMILATION,

RECit LAIION OF BOWELS; IMPROVEMENT IN CIRCULATION, RELIEF OF VER-

VOUSNESS AND MENTAL DEPRESSION; INCREASE IN VITAL FORCE AND NERVE ENERGY.

Mr. -, Birkenhead, nervous debility of long standing; six treatments--better in every way. Mr. -, Prenton. nervous exhaustion, acute neuralgia, general prostration; twelve treatments. CURB]) Mr. -, Liverpool. nervous debility, sluggish liver. consti- pation, varic,zele ; twelve treatments, CU HUD. Mr. --, Beacombe, extreme nervousness, constipation, general debility ; fiftGen treatments, CURED. Mr. --, Prenton, nervous dyspepsia and liver congestion ;

twelve treatments, greatly improved. Mr. --, Bold-street, Liverpool, complete nervous exhaus- tion,loss of vital power, congested liver ; twelve treat- ments, FULLY RE' t ORF4I), Mr.-, St. Michael's, nervous debility, chronic constipa-

tion of years, standing, varicocelo ;two courses of treat- ment, THOROUGHLY. CURED. Many of the above tnses hid been comidered hopelessq

incnrable. References on tipplication. CONSULTATIONS FREE. One Resident Patient taken.

rt u . Th 0 M A 6, SPECIALIST. 22, LORD-BTREBT, LITHUPOOL.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
'OVERCOATS. OVERCOATS. VERCOATS.

IMMENSE SHOW. THIS DAY, BOYS' OVERCOATS from 25. 11d. THIS DAY, BOYS' eVERCOA.TS from to. 11d. THIS DAY, BOYS' OVERCOATS from 25. ha. THIS DAY, BOYS' OVERCOATS from 25. 11d. THIS DAY, BOYS' OVERCOATS from 25. 11d. THIS DIY, BOYS' OVERCOATS from 25 111. YOUTHS' OVERCOATS from 105.6 d. YOUTHS' OVERCOATS from 100. 6C, YOUTHS' OVERCOATS from 105. 6d. YOUTHS' OVB ii.COATS from 105. Bd. YOUTHS' OVERCOATS from 10s. 6d. YOUTHS' OVERCOATS from 10s. 64.

THIS DAY, MEN'S OVERCOATS from 17s. 6d. THIS DAY, MEN'S OVERCOATS from 178. M. THIS DAY, MEN'S OVERCOATS from 17s. 6d. THIS DAY, MEN'S OVERCOATS from 17s. 6d. THIS DAY. MEN'S OVERCOATS from 17s. 6d. THIS DAY, MEN'S OVERCOATS from 17s. 6d. WINTER CLOTHING, CARDIGANS, WOOL SHIRTS, DRAWERS AND VESTS.

UNSWORTH BROS. 34, 26, _47, 49,

HIGH' 'STREET.

RUNCORN.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
TfiE EX,A.M.;NER,

SATURDAY, DECEMBER 1, 1884.

WITHIN a few days, almost the The Elections. whole country will be in the midst of an unex am pled series of elections. No fewer than about sev en thousand separate parishes will each elect its parish council, and in six thousand other and smaller parishe s parish meetings will be held. Then in every dis- trict which is at present governed in its local affairs by a Board of Commissioners or a Local Board an election will be held of the district councillors who will take over the business of the Commissioners and the Local Boards. It is estimated by the President of the L ocal Govern- ment Board (Hr. SHAW LEFEVRE, M.P.), that, altogether, there will be, within a brief period, no fewer than about twenty-three thowsand elections, and some ninety thousand persons will be elected in one capacity or another. And all this will be the result of the recent Local Gov ernmentAot, familiarly spoken of as the" Parish Councils Bills" Truly, in the face of these figures it can only be described as a great act of enfranchisement. The importance of the changes which this great measure is destined to make in the public life of England—and particul any in the rural parts of England can be no no longer gainsaid. Apathy is giving place to the liveliest interest, and even the poorest of labourers and the smallest of householders are beginning to realise that they have a distinct and effective voice in all that concerns the social well-being of their own locality. These remarks apply with few ex- ception to the country at large, if one may judge from tbe reports that appear in the Press, and they certainly apply with especial force to most of the parishes &-urrounding Warrington. It is quite clear that the new Act is not to remain a dead letter in this part of the country. Th meetings that have been held all indicate that the situation has been fairly grasped, and, fortunately, there seems to be little disposition to disparage or dis- credit the Act or to throw obstacles in the way of its due fulfilment. This cannot be said of all parts a the country. From some of the more strictly rural districts there is a cry of clerical persecution, and in other places it is said that workmen are being discouraged—to use a mild phrase—by their employers from acting up to the full rights which have been conferred upon them. In one instance it is said that the Rector has intimated to the agricultural lalourers of his parish "that if they elected any candidates other than the landlords and farmers, and a rate was made, they were quite prepared to correspondingly raise the rents of the cottages to meet it." It is to be hoped that wherever ill-advised threats of this sort are made, the labourers will have the courage to disregard them. It is, of course, not always easy for men of this class to withstand pressure when it is put upon them by those who can, if they be unscrup- lous enough, deprive them of their employment and even of a place of habitation. But the future is with the labourer. Now that local government of a thoroughly democratic character has been given to rural districts, all the grosser forms of intimidation will become more and more difficult to practice. The parsons and the squires who have heretofore, in some cases, ruled with an al- most despotic sway will be under the necessity of trying more conciliatory methods.

THERE still 'wells to be some The, " Libera- doubt about the extradition of tor " Victims JABEZ BALFOUR, and even the Foreign Secretary, in reply to a correspond ent can express no decisive opinion as to when the "laws delays" of the Argentine Republic will finally come to an end. There has been a str ondesire to see BALFOUR again on English soil, and in the pre- sence of English kites. Whet her or not that desire will ever be gratified there seems to be really no means of saying. Argentine legal methods are unusually slow; they seem to be the very reverse of the . lynching processes which favoured in the more northern parts of the American continent. In fact, many people are firmly convinced that so long as BALFOUR can be used as a sort of conduit through which a golden stream can be made to flow into the pockets of officials and lawyers he will be retained in South America. •In the meantime, the money which is being squandered over this extradition might be much more usefully employed in relieving the necessities of the victims of the Liberator crash. In an appeal for aid which has been very influentially signed by Cabinet Ministers, peers, bishops, and eminent Nonconformist ministers, it is stated that ' the Liberator Relief Fund is being greatly hani- pored in its beneficent work by a falling oft in the contributions." Over £43,000 has been subscribed and nearly 2,200 sufferers have been temporarily helped, whilst a, i.ne 500 of the most destitute over seventy years of age have been permanently re- lieved, and will receive a substitute for their lost dividend as long as they live. But it seems that there are many hundreds of victims between sixty and seventy years of age who,af ter a laborious and thrifty life are now quite penniless, and, apart from the relief fund, have no prospect hut the workhouse. This is truly a pitiable end to be brought to by the wiles of unscrupulous and heartless speculators.

are I 1

ONE Of the manifold 11903 to which Electrocution, electricity is put in America is that of executing—or, as it is said electrocuting—criminals. To all appearances the powerful current of electricity which is turned Upon tile doomed indieiautor Cutlae.s death.

But, in the opinion of some people, appearances are, in this case, deceitful. It is said that although the " electrocuted " individual,when he is released from the apparatus on which he has been placed shows no signs of animation, he is not really dead and could be resuscitated by certain well understood methods. This is an allegation which can only be proved or disproved in one way, and that is by a practical test. But, even in America, they seem to shrink from applying the test. There are, it is easy to understand, some rather serious difficulties in the way. It is too much to expect that even the most devoted "martyr of science" will volun- teer his own body as the subject of the experi- metit. The risk is too great, and, besides, in the event of a fatal result, there is the case of the man who sets in motion the electric current to be con- sidered. What position would he hold in the eyes of the law? He could hardly be described as less than an accessory before the fact. The only way to meet the emergency was to apply the best to a condemned criminal. He would have nothing to lose and everything to gain by it. If resuscitated he would at least escape with his life, while if not resuscitated he would be in no worse plight than if no attempt at resuscitation had been made. It was accordingly decided to make the experiment at a forthcoming execution of a criminal in New "York and the Governor of, the State had given his sanction. But here again according to the lastest news, the scheme has mis- carried. Public opinion has been aroused against the project, and, over and above this, the law officers have declared it to be contrary to law. It is evident, therefore, that whether dead or only seemingly so, an electrocuted criminal will still be dealt with as though life was extinct.

THE Home Secretary, in reply to The Watch Coma letter from the Clerk to the War- mittee and the Magistrates. rington magistrates, says he has been advised that "in strict law" the Watch Com- mittee are competent to give instructions to the Chief Constable to lay before them all reports of offences against the licensing laws and to submit to their decision as to whether or no legal proceed- should be instituted. He adds, however, that "this is a matter in which great discretion is necessary in order to secure the due administra- tion of the law." The Watch Committee are en- titled to all the comfort they can extract from this letter. The question as to the policy or propriety of their action is left exactly where it was. When one is told that the Watch Committee intervene between the police and the magistrates in licens- ing offences the question at once arises. Why do they intervene? Do they intervene in a similar way in other cases—in cases, for instance, of theft or assault? And if not, why not? The one is just as much an offence against the law as the other. Apart altogether from what it may or may not do in "strict law," the Committee is clearly acting in a very injudicious and improper manner when it steps in between the police and the magistrates. The latter,sitting in open court, are indisputably the proper body to adjudicate upon all criminal charges.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES BY THE WAY AT EARLESTOWN.

BY AN OCCASIONAL CORRESPONDENT.

The meeting at Haydock last week, called for the purpose of effecting some sort of an arrangement by which a contest in connection with the forth- coming elections to the District Council could be avoided, hardly turned out as the promoters ex- pected. In fact, I '.'ancy,the result came somewhat as a surprise, for to my mind everything seemed to be cut and dried, which is borne out by the state- ment made by Mr. Grimke-Drayton, that he ex- pected the meeting would not last more than half- an-hour. He said they wanted 12 candidates for the three wards, and as the nine members of the present Local Board were willing to be nominated, they would only want three other names. The meeting, however,wanted to have something to say on this, and there was a regular scramble for the doubtful honour, the Chairman in the end having to announce that 20 names had been handed in for 12 places, thus making it necftsary to have a con- test.

Speaking of the Chairman reminds me of a very nice point which Mr. Grimke-Drayton brought for- ward. When all were assembled it was seen there was no Chairman, and Mr. Drayton on getting on his feet said there was a little difficulty in the way of appointing one, for, according to the Act (al- though he admitted there was an element of doubt) anyone who presided at that meeting would be pre- cluded from becoming a candidate. or of voting at the election, and he was supported in this view by Mr. Ellis, solicitor. I must confess, I am not well up in the provisions of the new Act, but if what Mr. Drayton says is a fact, then I am afraid some of the candidates for the EarleAown Districi: Coun- cil have forfeited their rights, by presiding at meetings in connection with the coming election. I can hardly think, however, that this statement by Mr. Drayton can be correct, but if it is, what a handle for opponents to get hold of!

We are nearing the conchst period, when I expect to see a thinning in the numbers of candidates for Council honours. They have sprung up like mush- rooms, and if one might judge from the various canvasses which have been made,nll the eaadidates have an equal chance. Either the reports of the canvassers are not to be relied on, or the inhabit- ants have become so weary of seeing so many very excellent qualities paraded before their eyes, that they are glad to promise almost anything to get rid ot their importunate visitors. One candidate, who was about the first to solicit the suffrages of the ratepayers, has retired from action, and I shall be very much surprised, if he does not have a good sprinkling of followers. Up to now, however, I must confess, the contest, if such it can be called, has been carried on in a gentlemanly manner, without any of those hickerings, and trotting forth of personalittea which we sometimes see on such occasions as these.

I see the notices with regard to the elections have been posted,the nomination day being fixed for Wednesday next, December sth, and the elec- tion for Monday, December 17th.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RUNCORN COMMISSIONERS AND

THE GRAVING DOCK.

A special meeting to consider the proposals of the Manchester Ship Canal Company with regard to the proposed graving dock at Runcorn, was held in the Beard room on Tuesday evening. No reporters were admitted, but we are informed that Mr. Grice occupied the chair and that there were also present: Messrs. Leach, Bisbrown, Lea, Flankinson, Collier, Meadowcroft, Lightburn, Lake (law clerk), and Marshall (secretary). The proposals submitted by Mr. Collier to the General Purposes Committee were read by the Law Clerk and it was proposed by Mr. Bisbrown, seconded by Mr. Leach, and resolved that in view of the fact that the tenure of office by the Board of Commissioners i- so short they do not think it advisable to further pro coed with the matter until after the election of the new Urban District Council. A proposal from the Associated Shipwrights Society was brought forward, asking that a deputation might be received from the Society in order to state their views upon the matter. It was resolved that the Board would be pleased to receive a deputati.n from the Socivtv or from any other interested parties, hut as the Board had no intention to decide the matter in hand, the Society should make application to the new District Council, when formed, to receive a deputation.

LYIOI Y. ORPORD CRE,CENT.—At Lvmm. A good deal of interest was centred in this match, the home team havinT only suffered two defeats this season, one of them being by the Crescent a few weeks ago. From the kick-nff it was &lon evident that the Wa Tington LeaguelAA were overplayed, the Lvinin forwards keep- trig up vigorous attamk through.-ett the first lialf,Wood si!orine• twice. In the second tillf the visitors scored, he only time they r.rot near the go.sl, Lynun having wc- ceedingly hard lines in not .scoring on several occasions. Result :—Lm, two goals ; CrescJnt, one goal.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

NEW POOR RATES FOR THE WIDNES DISTRICT. The presiding magistrates at Widnes, on Thursday morning, sanctioned the laying of the following poor rates : tarbuck, is. 4d. in the £, estimated to produce £424 ss. 41.; Speke, is. 4d., estimated to produce £751 19. 4d.; Hale, is. 4d., estimated to produce £256 ss. 4d. ; Halewood, is. 4d., estimated to produce £1.685 6s. In the last-named township there was £2l 16s. 31., which was the subject of appeal. MARINER'S CHURCH, IRWELL-LANE, RUNCORN. In this church twe temperance services were held on Sunday. In the morning the preacher was Mr. George E. Sutton who based his discourse on Galatians Sc., 22 and 23v, and delivered a most earnest and interesting; address. Mr. Sutton also opened the service in the even- ing, and Mr. Thomas Cooke and Mr. D. Bisbrown gave addresses on temperance questions generally. COLLIER'S sell everything for the smallest possible profits. Advt WESLEYAN FOREIGN MISSIONS.

As will be seen from an advertisement in another column, the foreign missionary anniversary at Halton- road Chapel. Runcorn, will be held on Sunday when ser- mons will be preached morning and evening by the Revs. W. Lite Stone, and William George respectively. The annual missionary meeting will be held on Tuesday evening when addresses will be delivered by the Rev. Edward Smith, of Manchester, and the circuit ministers. COLLIER'S sell the best quality goods at lowest possible prices. —Advt. RUNCORN PARISH CHURCH. At this Church on Sunday,sermons were preached on behalf of the Additional Curates's Society and the Church Missionary Society. In the morning the Rev. W. H. Stables pleaded the cause of the former organization and in the evening the Vicar (Rev. Canon Maitland Wood) preached a powerful sermon on behalf of the Church Missionary Society. There were large congregations and the colltions realiz,,d a satisfactory amount. COLLIER BREAD is the bet money can buy.— -idvt. SUDDEN DEATH OF A RUNCORN CAPTAIN. _ _

Captain Joseph Shaw, 53 years of age, of 35, Low- lands-road, Runcorn, a well-known sea captain and Ship Canal pilot, died suddenly on Wednesday morning at Liverpool. The deceased having missed the last Crain from Liverpool to Runcorn on Tuesday night, went to lodge for the night at Mrs. Harrison's restaurant, Man Island, Liverpool. On going to bed he appeared in his usual health, but complained of tightness of the chest. Early next morning he was found dead in bed by the landlady, and death is attributed to heart disease. SI7DDIN DF,ATH AT A RATEPAYSEtS MEETING.

A meeting of ratepayers was held at Dunharn-o'-th'- Hill, near Che•ter, on Friday, for the purpose of hearing Mr. Benjamin Kniyeton, of Runcorn, deliver a lecture on the Parish Councils Act. Before the proceedings com- menced the utmost consternation was caused by Mr. John Wright, a retired tradesman, ot Hapsworth, falling back in his seat and expirine without a groan. The meeting was at once abandoned. The deceased was seventy years of age. COLLIER'S BtAcx BLENDED TEA. 21d. per quarter lb. Arbq RESCUR FROM DROWNING BY A RUNCORN BILLPOSTER. _ .

Oa Saturday morning about tem o'clock, R.chard Tins- ley, aged nine years, of Whitechapel-cottages, Weston Point, narrowly escaped meeting with his death by drowning. He and others were fishing in the canal, when he overbalanced himself and fell into the water. The screams of his companions were heard by Mr. Quayle, billposter, Runcorn, who was ha the vicinity at the time, and he ran to the spot and hund the HUN fellow struggling several feet from the side. He entered the water and succeeeed in rescuing toe boy from his perilous position. COLLIER'S FRES/1 IRISH DAIRY BUTTER, 10d. per I s excellent.—Advt. _

SEAMEN'S INSTITUTE, RUNCORN. The usual weekly entertainment was given on Tuesday evening. Mr. Shaw, missionary, occup'ed the chair, The programme consisted of songs, recitations and read- ings. The vocalists were Mr. J. Moores, Mr. Philip Shaw, Mr. John Waterworth, Mr. Pric,., Mr. Cross. Miss Douglas, Mrs. A. Shaw and Miss Leathwool. Recita- tiorls were given by Miss Bancroft and Miss G. Water- woith, and Mr. Byfield contributed a reading. Mr. A. Price fulfilled the duties of accompaniQt. The various items were most creditably given and a pleasant evening was spent. COLLIER'S is. BurrEn is the gem in the market.—Adv. Sr. PAUL'S BIBLE CLASS, .

The bible class in connection with St. Paul's Wesleyan Chapel, Runcorn, was held on Sunday afternoln under the presidency of Mr. B. Kniveton. An address was delivered by the Rev. J. Pafford Williams, Pre9byterian minister, who took as his subject, " Doubts." It, being an "open meeting," there was a very large attendance. A programme of vocal and instrumental music was exceedingly well gone through. It included two 'cello solos by Mr. Wm. Simkin ; solos by Miss Pope," Angels ever bright and fair" ; Miss Ainsworth violin ohligato ; Miss Smith, "The Heavenly Twins "•' Mr. Wm, Ed. Worrall, "Thy will be done" ; Mr. 13. Crosby, "The lost chord." Mr. William Cooke contributed In organ solo, and also acted as accompanist during th after- noon.

- Ti UTE MR. TIMPERLEY, OF RUNCORN. In Camden Wesleyan Chapel, Runcorn. on Sunday evening, the Rev. W. Lile Stone made references to the late Mr. John Temperlev, et Lawland-road, who was for a lengthy period connected with that place of warship. He said Bro. Temperley was 60 years of age, anl had resided in Runcorn all his life. From an apprentice he rose to be master, and starte4 in the busines 33 years since with which he was associated at the time of his death. For over a generation-36 years—he had been a member of the Methodist Free Churches, originally with the Free Church, but 27 years ago, up to the hour of his death, Camden was the centre of his active reli- gious effort. He had held the position of society stewari, was a class leader for 20 years,was the teacher of an adult class.was the treasurer of the sick club, and was a local preacher in the circuit. Mr. krrowsmith had already borne testimony to his deep religious feeling, He would conclude with the words af Mr. Arrowamith. namely, that the Church at Camden never hal o more faithful, self-sacrificing servant then Mr. Temoerlev. The hymns were suitable to the occasion, and the choir gave an efficient rendering of the anthem, "The Vital Spark." BRTHESDA CONORROLTIONAL CHURCH. RUNCORN.

_____......... .„......_.._ , Special musical services were Feed at this ehureh on Sunday, when collections were takse on behalf of the choir fund. At the morning service the Rev. J. Simp- son spoke on the subject, "Sacred awl secular," and special hymns and anthems were sung during the ser- vice. At the evening service when the sacred cantata, " The Healing of Nsamal," was performed by an aug- mented choir, the church was crowded. The nrineinal vocalists were Miss Fleathering,ton, Miss Aineworth,Miss M. Heatherington, Mr. Glwanlock, and Mr. J. Leath- wood. The following ladies and gentlemen also took part :—Misses Stubbs, sen., A. Lunt, S P. Haves, and P. Abrams; Messrs. C. Holt. Joseph Littler, J. Lunt, E Lunt, H. Pilgrim, and G. W. Yates. The cantata was exceedingly well rendered throughout, aid a mead of praise is due to the organist, Mr. C. le Content., for the able manner in which he organised the musical portion of the services.—llnder the presidency of the pastor,Rev. J. Simpson, the usual weekly meeting of the literary and social class was held on Tuesday evening. The pro- gramme for the evening consisted of a series of papers. contributed by members of the class, on " Hobbies." The papers were read by the Chairman, and were freely discussed by the audience. A most enjoyable evening was spent. . BILLIARD MATCH. A billiard match between the Runcorn Volunteer Social Club and the Widnes Conservative Club was played at Widnes on Tuesday night. The Social Club were seven games to five, winning the match by 215 points. The visitors were afterwards entertained to an excellent supper in the dining room of the club. BILLIARDS.—RUNCORN v. NORTHWICH LI BBRAL CLUES. The return match between these two clubs took place at the Runcorn Liberal Club on Wednesday night. At the previous match at Northwich the Runcorn men wen by 134 points, but on Wednesday tber increased this majority, winning by no fewer than 330 points. The following are the individual scores : RUNCORN. NORTHWICH. R Owen 63 8 Hargreaves (cap.) W B Primelow IT C Barnes Li Heesom J. Elliot lOO D King . 9l If Massey lOO 3 Woods W Wright (cap.) W Jones H Wright W Page lOO 5 Shaw T Whitfield W Cobley

- Total

Total 1,146

SKINS ON FIRE! SKINS ON FIRE! Wit h tortur ing, disfiguring eczemas, and every species of distress- ing skin and scalp diseases relieved by a single applica- tion, and speedily cured by the CUTICUII4. REAIRDIBS when the best physicians, hospitals. and all other reme- dies fail. To those who have suffered long and hopo- lessly. and who have lost faith in doctors, medicines, and all things human, CIITICURA. REMADIES appeal with a force never before realised in the history of medicine. Every hop', every expectation awakened by them, ills been more than fulfilled. Their success has excited the wonder and approval of physicians familiar with the marvellous cures daily effected by them. They have friends in every quarter of the civilised world. 'People in every walk of life believe in them, use them, and commend them. They are, in truth, the greatest skin cure blood purifier, Rad humour remedy of modern

===== 0002601_18941201_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, sti TITRPAY, DECEMBER 1, 1894.

CHARGE OF STEALING SIXPENCE.

On Wednesday morning, before Mr. F. J. Norman and Mr. T. Handley, at the Runcorn Police Court,Julia Cole- m in, of Runcorn, was charged with stealing sixpence, the moneys of Emma Moss, Sea-lane, from the person of Isaac Mills. It was alleged against the defendant that when the child Isaac Mills, was returning with change from Mrs. MOSS, the defendant took the coin out of his hand. A difficulty was experienced in proving the case through the tender age of Mills, who is only six years of age, and who did not thoroughly understand the nature of an oath.—The magistrates accordingly disclihrged the defendant. THE CHEMICAL TRADE IN RUNCORN.

On Wednesday evening the notices in the United Alkali Company's Works at Runcorn, for the clesing of the works expired, and a large number of men are now out of employment. Some of the workmen, however, are still working, in order to finish some material in course of manufacture. These, it is expected, will be found employment until the end of next week, when the works will be practically closed. ST. JOHN'S PRESBYTRRIAN CHURCH, RUNCORN,

On Wednesday evening an "At Horse" was held in St. John's schoolroom, when the proceedings were pre- sided over by the Pastor (Rev. J. Pulford Williams). A programme of vocal and instrumental music was gone through. Songs were given by Mrs. Temperley, Misses Pope, Harrop, and S. P. Hayes, and Mr. M. Thomas. Pianoforte solos were given by the Misses Pope and War- burton. A cornet and whistling solo was contributed by Mr. Barnes, of Widnes, and Mr. and Mrs. Burns re- ceived an encore for their fine rendering of a duet. Mr. W. G. Jackson and Mrs. Temperlev contributed read- ings. The accompanist was Miss Pope.

1.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
BRUNSWICK BAND OF HOPE. RUNC*RN,

A meeting was held in c4nnectlo'n with this society on Tuesday evening, when there was a large attend- ance. Mr. Posnett occupied the chair and delivered a short address. A programme of songs, readings, and recitations was gone through by the children, who were conducted by Miss C. Littler. The accompanist was Master J. D. Bisbrown. WIDNES WORKS DESTROYED BY FIRE.

Rally on Thursday morning the works of Messrs. J. Bibby and Sons, seed crushers, of Exchange-chambers, Tithebarn-street, Liverpool, which are situated in Elizabeth-street (close to the London and North-Western Railway) Widnes, were destroyed by fire. It appears that one of the workmen, not very experienced in the working of the place, was sent to get steam up, and while doing so he accidently let fall the lamp he was carrying into a quantity of fat. The result was that the grease at once became ignited. AppliaTices were at hand for extinguishing a fire, but the man appears not to have known how to use them, *lnd before assstance was forthcoming the whole place was in flames. A large body of police, under the direction of Superintendent K.-ighley,rendered valuable assistance in preventing the flames spreading to the adjenning property, and the fire brigade was summoned, but by the time of their arrival the flames had got such a firm hold of the works that it was impossible to save any portion of them, and the whole building was reduced to ruins in a very short space of time. Toe railway telegraph wires were broken, and the 6.55 train from Widnes was delayed twenty m notes. The damage (said to be tin overed bc insurance) is variously estimated at between £l,OOO and £1,500.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN SCIENCE AND ART CLASSES.

DISTRIBUTION OF PRIZES.

In Greenway-road Board Schools on Thursday evening, Dr. McDougall distributed the prizes to the successful students of the science and art classes. There was a large attendance. Amongst those present were Messrs. H Pritchard, T. Handley, J.P., S. Pope, E. 'raison, F. Wiswall, Moulton, Bowyer, and J. Moss (clerk.) Prior to the distribution of prizes, the Chairman (Mr. Pritchard) called upon Mr. Moss to read his report. Mr. Moss (clerk) read the third annual report from which it appeared that the number of pupils attending classes in the past session, 1893-4, and the preceding ses- sion,lB92 3,showed a falling off of 100 in the total num- ber of pupils. This was accounted for by the discon- tinuance of the cookery class for want of suitable acco- modation and the abandonment of the classes in phy- siography, electricity, and chemistry owing to the teacher falling ill,shortly after the commencement of the session. The rest of the classes had been well attended, and had done good work. The following was a list of students, showing the certificates gained :—BUILDING CONSTRUCTION (advanced second class) : Wm. Lillis, H. Davies, Walter Wisvrall ; elementary pass, William Kershaw. D. Williams. MACHINE CONSTRUCTION (advanced 2nd class) : Jas. Steele, Geo. Williamson, John Wilson. Elementary pass, John Baker, John Williams, Wm. Cooper, El. Turton. Applied mechanics. advanced 2nd., Walter Wiswall, elementary pass, Percy Buckley. Steam, elementary pass, Walter Wiswall, E. J. Harrington. Freehand Drawing (advanced stage, Ist class) : Geo. Muss; elementary stage, Ist class, Arthur Poole; 2nd class, Eleanor Davies, Carrie Abel, Gerty Done, John Peacock. Model Drawing, (elementary stage, 2md class), Edward Rosser, John Peacock. Perspective, Ist class, George Moss ; 2nd class Harry Crowther, shading cast (advanced stage) 2nd class, George Moss. French, ele- mentary grade, (2nd class) : Ernest A. Ward, 3rd class, William Matthows, Edward W. Rosser. Shorthand (ele- mentary) passed, Henry G. Johnson, and Thomas Wes- ton. Speed, 3rd class, John D. Bisbrown. Mr. Moss said it was difficult to compare the above results with those of the previous session, as there had again been an alteration in the classification of passes by the science and Art Department, but on the whole the proportion of passes showed an improvement. The annual statement of accounts showed that ths amount drawn from the Runcorn CoRI missioners was £lBO. (Applause.) Mr. Pritchard, in asking Dr. McDougall to present the prizes and certificates, said the course they were pursu- ing that night in distributing prizes to those pupils who had gained certificates, was something like virtue, and brought its own reward. The awarding of prizes was an extra advantage given to the pupils. (Applause.) Dr. McDougall, alter presenting the prizes, which in- cluded several given by Messrs. Wilding, and J. Speak- mun, teachers of twine of the classes, said he was sure they would allow hum to convey their congratulations to those to whom he had had the honour of hand- ing the certificates and prizes they hai earned dur- ing the last session. He thought the advantages the pupils had now within their reach of gaining useful knowledge at so little cost, were conferring upon them benefits which neither their fathers nor forefathers had, and which were beyond all praise. Their Science and Art Committee would soon cease to exist, and the work would be taken over by a committee of the new District Council, and carried on on .a larger I scale. They had only been able to expend a modest £lBO, but their successors would have a much larger sum to expend. The speaker referred to the erection of the Technical Institute, and urged his hearers to take advantage of it. He did not like to see a young man standing at street corners with a cigarette in his mouth, when education like that was so easily within his reach. - -

Mr. Wiswall proposed a vote of thanks to Dr. Mc- Dougall for presenting the prizes.—Mr. S. Pope seconded, Mr. Imison supported, and it was carried with acclamation. A vote of thanks was also accorded the Chairman on the proposition of Dr. McDougall, seconded by Mr. T. Handley.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DISTRICT COUNCIL ELECTIONS AT RITNCO RN.

THE LIBERAL COUNCIL'S DECISION.

There is every probability of a contest taking place in each uf the six wards, into which Runcorn is divided, for the election of urban district coun- cillors. Three councillors are entitled to sit for each of the Halton, Mersey, Central, Bridgewater, Newtown, and Heath waads, and already more than eighteen candidates have entered the field. The last day for receiving nominations is Wednesday after- noon next, when they must be handed in to Mr. Lake, law clerk, at the Town Hall, not later than two o'clock. A very largely attended meeting of the Runcorn Liberal Council was livid on Tuesday evening, in the Trades' Hall, John-st. The business for the evening was the consideration of the replies of candidates to the questions submitted to them by the Liberal Council. Mr. Wm. Hill occupied the chair. After an animated dis- cussion it was ultimately decided to support the follow- ing gentlemen as candidates for the new district coun- cil :—Rev. J. Simpson (Congregationalist minister), Dr. Gastaldi, Dr. McK,mzie, Mr. Wm. Handley, Mr. A. R. Norman, Mr. P. Speakman 'Mr. J. D)bson, Mr. T. Lea, Mr. T. Reynolds, Mr. E. Speakman, (secretary WaterrAen's Union), Mr. J. Hayes Mr. D. Bisbrown, Mr.M.J.Sweet- man,Mr.T.Dean,Mr.J:H.Kirkham,and Mr.W .M. Williams. One other name is left over for further inquiry. All the above gentlemen have pledged themselves to the progres- sive programme arranged by the Liberal Council. A further meeting of the Council is to be held on December 6th, the day following the date of nominations, when the Council will decide upon what action to take. Of the other candidates who intend to go to the poll may be mentioned Mr. S. Taylor, J.P., Mr. Wiswall, Mr. Frith, Mr. Lightburn, Mr. Imison,and Mr. Collier. As far as can be ascertained the wards will be con- tested as follows : HEATH WARD: Messrs. P. Speakman, J.P., C.C., J. Pritchard, J. W. Lightburn, and G. Hayes. NEWTOWN WARD: Messrs. D. Bisbrown, E. Gatley, T. Reynolds, W. Leach, R. Abel. and W. M. Williams. Hat Torr WARD: Messrs. S. Taylor, J.P., F. Wiswall, J. R. Frith, and M. J. Sweetman. CENTRAL WARD: Messrs. A.R. Norman, T. Lea, and and G H. Kirkham. BRIDGEWATER WARD: Key. J. Simpson, Dr. Mc- Kenzie and Mr. T. Dean. MERSEY WARD, Rev. Dr. Gastaldi,Messrs. W. Handley, W. Hankinson and J. Florsfield. Mr. E. Imison and Mr. W. Collier have not yet decided which ward they will contest. Mr. P. Speakman's address to the electors of He ith Ward will be found in cur advertising columns.

•-••,*")

===== 0002601_18941201_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
EA..KLESTO WN AND N EWTON.

DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.

At the Town Hall, Newton, on Monday morning before Colonel Wood, J. 11. Jolley, a collier, living in Derby-street, was fined 2-i. 6cl. anti costs for being drunk and disorderly in Crow-lane, Newton on Saturday night.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
MIS-,IONARY MEETING AT NEWTON.

On Wednesday evening in connection with missionary work, and the Religious Tract Society, a lecture on "Christ and the Religious Community,' was given by the Rev. W. J. Wilkins the Associa- tion Secretary, in the Congregational schoolroom, Newton. The Rev. Jas. Allatt presided and briefly alluded to the objects of the Society. The lecture which was exceptionally interesting was illustrated by lantern views and was much enjoyed. At the close a vote of thanks to the chairman and lecturer was heartily accorded. ST. JOHN'S DAN SCHOOLS.

On Saturday afternoon Mr.and Mrs. Brown enter- tained to tea the children who took part in the recent concert and oaeretta at the Town Hall. Each child was invited by a written invitation, and when they assembled at the school, they indulged in games in the playground, the teachers who had also been invited, assisting. Tea was served in the schoolroom, which the children heartily en- joyed. During the evening, refreshments Lwere handed round,and :after a hearty cheer for Mr. Brown, the children dispelsed. GOOD TEMPLARY (EBENEZER. LODGE.)

The Earlestown Ebenezer Lodge of Good Templars held its weekly session on Tuesday evening in the Co-operative Hall. Bro. A. Morris, C.T., presided. There was a good attendance of members and visitors. Bro. J. Taylor read a communication of forthcoming visit of Latchford Lndge. He also gave report of District Lodge meetingoield at Leigh on Saturday. Other items of business being dis- posed of the programme of the evening was then gone into. It being "Pound night " fruit, confec- tionary, and other things were distributed among the members interspersed with singing, readings and recitations bringing a most enjoyable evening to a close.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
VIADUCT _INSTITUTE, EA.RLESTOWN.

The series of lectures given during the winter months in connection with the Viaduct Institute was opened on Tuesday evening, when a lecture was given by the Rev. Peter Mackenzie on " Miracles, Wonders and Signs, by the man with a double position." The Rev. F. E. Miller presided and he was accompanied on the p atform by the Revs. J. Bartley, E. R. Davies, Messrs. J. W. Emmett, C. W. Emmett, T. Ormand and J. Dring. There was a very large audience, and the lecture was delivered by Mr. Mackenzie in his usual init. mitable style, the audience being kept in a good humour from beginning to end. At the close a vote of thanks was accorded the chairman, and lecturer.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
BODY FOUND IN THE CANAL.

On Tuesday morning the body of a man was found floating in the Sankey Canal, near the Ship Inn at Earlestown. Information was conveyed to P.C. R. Green, who took steps to have it recovered, and conveyed to the Ship Inn, where it now lies to await the inquest. The body was fully dressed, and on being searched papers were found indicat- ing that the man was named C. Grainger, and had carried on business as a tripe dresser at 110, Legh- street, Earlestown, and lodged with a Mrs.Nunner- ley, Regent-street. lie was a married man, and lived at Ulverston. The deceased man left Earles- town about a month ago with the intention of go- ing to Birkenhead, and this is the last that was seen of him. The body is in an advanced stage of decomposition, and has evidently been in the water since the day be left for Birkenhead, but has doubtless been fast in the mud, until released by a passing boat. NICELY CAIJOHT AT EARLESTOWN.

On Sunday at noon a man giving the name of William Harrison, Bridge-street, Rancorn, was ap- prehended on the back premises of Mr. J. Ice, grocer, Market-street, Earlestown. A man named Patrick Garland, who lives at 33, Grafton-street, who overlooks the first-mentioned premises, was in his bedropm when he saw the prisoner climb the backyard wall of Mr. Ince's shop, and drop over into the yard. Thinking he was after no good he went out taking the dog with him, and sent his wife for the police. The prisoner finding he was discovered hid himself under some old sacks and straw, where he was found by Inspector Morgan, who took him into custody on the charge of being on enclosed premises for an unlawful purpose. On being charged the prisoner said he was (trunk and did not know how he got into the yard. lie was brought up before Colonel Woid on Monday morn- ing and remanded to Warrington Sessions. ALLEGED COWARDLY THIEF. _ _

At the Town Hall, Newton, on Monday, before Colonel Wood, Joseph Naylor of Fairclough-st., Earlestown, was charged with stealing two geese from Holly House Farm, Newton, the property of Mr. Thomas Molyneux, and with assaulting an old man named Oliver, at the same place on t,aturday night. The man Oliver fastened a number of geese in the stable about six o'clock, and st 6.45 was going round the premises with a lamp, when he saw the prisoner with a goose in one hand, coming from the stable door. Oliver stopped him, when he dropped the goose, and struck and kicked the old man in a cowardly manner. Oliver's son-in-law named Austin came to his assistance, and together they secured Naylor, but after getting his name and address they released him, and gave informa- tion to the police, who arrested him the same night 'at 11.15. When Oliver returned to the stable he found another goose outside the door. The prisoner wa remanded to Warrington Sessions.

EARLBSTOWN &OD TEMPLA.I3B„

The Hope of Earlestown Lodge met in the Co- operative Hall on Monday evening, when Bro. Geo. h. Warburton, C.T., presided over a large attendance of members and visitors. Tnree candidates were initiated and one proposed for membership. Bro. E.Newman reported on the District Lodge Quarterly Session held at Leigh on the Saturday previous. Several other items were dealt with after which the session was declared "open," when the attendance was consiflerably increased. "Topical talks" on beer, what it is, and what it does," was the pro- gramme for the evening, Bro. George Clarke, secre- tary, being responsible; and the varied questions and answers on the subject named were taken up by the members, and proved both an interesting and a profttable item. Sister R. Warburton impres- sively recited "Give me thy heart ;" Bro. John Taylor gave a melody, and Bro. John Miller also contributed a recitation in a satisfactory manner. Bro. Herbert Martin, who has recently returned from India, gave a very interesting sketch of the position and prospects of the Good Templar Order in that part of the world, for which he received thanks. A very enjoyable session was afterwards closed in the usual way.

UNITED TEMPERANCIC MEETING AT EARLBSTOWN.

On Wednesday evening a united temperance meeting wam held in the Wesleyan Lecture hall, under the presidency of Mr. Jno. Forster of St. Helens. There was a very fair attendance. After the meeting had been formally opened, the Chair- man said they had perhaps seen it in print that if they had a sensible reduction in the number of public-houses in this country, they would reduce the output, and the number of inebriates and in- temperate people, and in the same proportion lessen the number of their prisons and asylums. If there was no other way of convincing the publican and brewer that he was ruining families, he would saz make them into a Board of Governors of a county asylum The increase of asylums would continue until they took some drastic measures to put a stop to this evil of drink. (Applause.) The temperance question had more than held its own. The temperance party were making their mark upon the minds and intelligence of the community at large, ani he hoped that if they did their duty they would keep on making their mark until they had gained the victory. He alluded to the intro- duction of the Local Veto Bill, which he said had been brought in because the country demanded it, and until it was pasmed he hoped they would not be satisfied.—The Revs. J. Bartley and F. E. Miller also spoke, and the following resolution, moved by Mr. Graham, was unanimously adopted. " That this united temperanca meeting declares its keen dis- pleasure at the long postponement of the Liquor Traffic (Local Control) Bill, and, believing it to be of vital importance to the whole of the nation, earnestly implores Her Majesty's Government not to allow this measure to be shelved, but to bring it again before Parliament at an early period of the next Session."

ST. JOHN'S CHURCH, EARLESTOWN. In connection with the mott,er's meetings which have been instituted under the auspices of the above, a social tea meeting was held in St. John's Hall, on Thursday afternoon, about 40 being present. It has been decided to hold a social tea monthly, the object being to bring the women in closer contact, with each other. Address.s were given by the Revs. E. W. W. Kaye, and J. Andrews, the meeting being much enjoyed.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD TEMPLARY.

The weekly session of the Hope of Earlestown lodge of Good Templars, was held in the Co-opera- tive Hall, Earlestown, on Monday evening. There was a large attendance, Bro. G. E. Warburton, C.T., presiding. Three candidates were initiatad. A report of the district lodge held at Leigh was given by Bro. E. Newman, and adopted. The programme for the evening was " Topical talks on beer, what it is and what it does." The subject was dealt with in an interesting manner, suitable questions and answers being taken up by various members. An address en the prospects ot the Good Templar order in India was given by Bro. 11. Martin and songs and recitations were given by Sister H. Warburton, Bros. J Taylor and J. Miller. FORMATION OF A LIBERAL CLUB AT EARLESTOWN. _ _

A meeting of Lib-e7als—toTti;.e--Purpose of forming a Liberal Association for Earlestown and district was held at the Co-operative Hall, on Wednesday evening. Mr. G. W. Rawlins presided, It was pro- posed, and carried unanimously, that such an asso- ciation be formed, to be called the " Earlestown and District Liberal Association." Mr. G. W. Rawlins was elected president, and it was decided to appoint ten vice-presidents, to be selected from each ward, the appointments being deferred until after the first meeting of the committee. Mr. E. F. Clarke as appointed hon. secretary, and Mr. S. T. Evans, treasurer. It was decided that the Execu- tive Committee should number 20, four to be chosen from each ward. Tue rules will be drawn up, and submitted to the next committee meeting.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
THINGS HEARD AND SEEN AT RUNCORN.

(BY AN OCCASIONAL CONTRIBUTOR).

The Runcorn Commissioners—eight of them at least—were engaged on Tuesday evening in con- sidering tbe graving dock question. The proposals submitted by Mr. Collier to the General Purposes Committee were considered. But as to what those proppsals are the public of Runcorn are, as yet, in the dark. One would have thought that, with the near approach of the Urban District Council elec- tions, it would have been of advantage to the mem- bers of the old Board to submit to the public their proposals for dealing with this vital question affect- ing Runcorn trade. But it appears that the mem- bers are still bound to secrecy in this matter, and therefore very few " outsiders " are likely to know what is being done. The Commissioners decided after two hours' discussion on Tuesday, to postpone the consideration of the matter until the new Coun- cil is elected, so that the question will lie in abey- ance for some time.

An event worthy of notice, and especially inter- esting to Runcornians, occurred at Saltport on Wednesday. The vessel "Helene" was proceeding up the Ship Canal with a cargo of wood-pulp for Manchester, but at Saltport it was found that, in order for the vessel to proceed to its destination, it would be necessary to have the masts cut to enable it to pass under the various bridges. The captain, however, objected to disfiguring his vessel in this fashion, and declined to proceed further up the canal. The result was that the cargo has had to be discharged at Saltport, and a number of labourers have been busily engaged discharging since Wed- nesday. If this example is frequently followed it should mean a little more trade for Runcorn and district.

The Runcorn Liberal Council has now marshalled out it 3 army of candidates for the coming fight for the honours of Urban District Councillors. These candidates are pledged to the progressive pro- gramme which has been arranged by the Council, and, as will be seen, a number of workingmen can- didates are included in the number. One publican, in the person of Mr. J. M. Williams, of the Bridge- water Arms, is also included.

OUR LOCAL CHURCIIES-WARRINGTON.

ST. JOHN'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.

At the above church on Stlndav the Rev. J. Warnock, delivered a discourse on "People whose ways are hedged in." He took as his text Job iii. 23, "Why is light given to a man whose way is hid, and whom God hath hedged in ?" There was a good attendance. As usual the rev. gentleman dealt with his subject in an able and interest- ing manner.

"STARTLING REVELATIONS OF INTEMPERANCE.", SERMON BY REV. D. W. ROBERTS.

The Golbornt-st. Biptist Chapel was again well filled on Sunday evening when the pastor (Rev.D.W. Roberts) preached a stirring sermon on the above subject. He said a startling revelation of these latter days of modern civilization was the fact t',at intemperaece was so pre- valent among wemen—not only among the lowest but also amone the better class. This was due in a great measure to the facilities given for secret drinking by the grocer's license act. Mr. Gladstone has said, "It has been said that greater calamities are inflicted on man- kind by intemperance than by the three great historical scourges, war, pestilence and famine. This is true and it is the measure of our discredit and disgrace." Yet added Mr. Roberts, the very man who said that passed into law the most cursed to women of all acts— the grocer's license Act. The harm done was incalculable. Women, servants and children of re- spectable households who could not or would not pro- cure intexicatine drinks at public houses were en- couraged to purchase and use these liquors by the opportunities offered when visiting grocers' shops for other purchases. This wag nothing more nor less than a direct incentive to secret drinking, a practice more in- jurious to health and morality and the social prosperity of the community than the ordinary trade in intoxicat- ing liquors. And those who thus drink almost inevi- table become shameless and skilful liars, for tea, sugar, etc. in a grocers' isill if revealed would often amount to nothing but spirits. Once when challenged, a grocer de- fended himself he rtating that it was the custom of the trade to do so. The rev, gentleman also quoted statis- tics relating to the cost to the country and the evils to! intemperance to other directions. He then said to his hearers," Will you ety with the !teeter of Warrington that the drink traffic is not wrong ? " For to say it is not wrong means that it is right. MILL-LANE WESLEYAN MISSION. The annual mission 4ry meting in connection with the above mission was held on Wednesday evening, the chair being occupied be Councillor H. Roberts. The report of the Foreign Missionary Society was given by the Rev. Owen Watkins, and it showed a very encouraging state of things.—Councillor Roberts,in addressing the meeting said that it was a curious fact that there were people who had considerable objection to foreign missions. Seeing that they were commanded by the Great Master Himself to preach the gospel to all the world, he was rather puzzled to account for the opposition which existed. When they remembered the historical fact what the missionaries had done for this country, it was only a matter of common gratitude to do likewise. He found a great many people who objected to foreign missions on the grounds that there was plenty of work to be done at home, and that the money ought not to be wasted upon the foreigners outside. It was a curious fact that those people who raised that objection were not usually distinguished for their efforts in home work. There was a second class ef objectors, who said that the missionaries lived lives of indelence and that they were better off abroad than at home. To those objectors, he had only to mention the names of Moffatt, Livingstone and others. Men who had left their fatherland and families, and who, in HMV cases had lost their lives, or died without a white friend near. Those missionaries who had the good fortune to be married, and had a family, had frequently to send their little ones kome,for years, and did not see them again until they had grown out of recollection. With those facts to be remembered, he could say that the missionaries' lives were not as they were represented by such objectors as he had mentioned. He was glad to be at that mission that night. He believed that they had had notice to quit, but he hoped that they would be able to secure a better and more commodious building before long.—Mr. F. Wright and the Rev. Owen Watkins then addressed the meeting, the latter givine an interesting account of the work in South Africa.—The meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the Chairman, proposed by Mr. W. Brough, and seconded by Mr. W. Light. --

===== 0002601_18941201_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
!TALTON .

THE FORTHCOMING ELECTION.—SELECTTON OF CANDI- oerEs.—A meeting was held in the Girls school, Halton on Tuesday evening, the vicar (Rev. G. D. Wray) occu- pying the chair. A good number of churchmen were present. It was decided to nominate the following twelve candidates on Tuesday next : Rev. G.D. Wray, Messrs. J. St^kes, Ack.rley, Rindle, Fryer, Handcock, Hollingsworth, Manning, A. P ,v.y,S. Blain,C.Birch and Jeacock.—The Nonconformists intend to nominate the following: Me,srs. J. Stokes, Ackerley, Astbury.Grice, Looker, Leathwood, Stubbs, MeCullock, Jos. Pritchard, J. M. Baguley, R. Hughes and T. Wright. As will be been the first two named gentlemen are to be nominated by both parties.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
W ETON.

TKE PAUISH COUNO'L.—Mr. B. Kniveton and the Rev. W. Lilo Stone de'ivered addresses at Weston on Monday eve•ting on the Parish Council Act. There was a large attenilance, and the addresses were listened to with much interest. Da- plrishioners in both West,n and Weston Point ar giving much attention to the newly-confe red pow, r, and there is every probability of a contest in each parish. Mr. B. Kniveton has decid-d not to stand as a candidate for the ‘vtston Point

===== 0002601_18941201_art0061.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
T '

===== 0002601_18941201_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
Mberttaments not Ciasstiteb.

WIDOW WELCH'S PILLS FOR FEMALE COMPLAINTS. NERS. SHIT BERS, Grand-daughter of the Widow 1 Welch, co utinues to prepare this celebrated Medicine from the only or iginal and gequine Fancily Recipe. Its jut celebrity for all Female Complaints has obtained for it a most extensive and inc easing demand. Pur.hasers should therefore attend 10 the following CAUTION —To be cAreful that hat they purchase is prepared by Mr.. Smithers, who is the only person in possession of tho ORIGI- NAL RECIPE. The g.nuine are wr pped in -Blue Paper, and signed on the Out side label by Mrs. Smithers, an i the names ot the Sole Who:ei 'le Agnt., "W. EDWARDS AND SOl, 157, Queen Victoria- st.," formerly of 67, et. Paul's, London, are engraved on the Government Stamp, Sold in boxes at 28.9 d.. each, by most Chemists.

BROWN, Chemist by Eixamination, Middleton, near Man- chester, requires an apprentice. Good opportunity of acquiring thorough knowledge of business.

AVALUABLIi RECIPE for making the dul;est orse into. the most spirite,i, audits coatlike velvet, and for keep- ing them in first class condition, safe and genuine, is. 3d. post free.—DsviD WATTS, Middle Farm, Yieldingtree, Cleut, near Stourbridge.

XMS CARDS.—Send is. for our noted Monster Pa lot XSIAS and New Year Cards. Jewelled, Fuldiug Auto- graph and Tran,parent Card c. All the newest designs. Wonderful value t'ost tree 14 stamps. Order early.— Chesterfield-teL race, Lichfit ld. R ESCOT UNIO

===== 0002601_18941201_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
ONTRAUS FOR PROVISIONS, &c.

Persons desirous of contracting with the Guardians of Ws Union. for the next six mouths, for supplying at the Workhouse the several articles hereinafter n med, viz., Flour. Oatmeal. Margarine, Cheese, Bacon, Greceries, Eggs, Provender. Cull, Linen and Woollen Drapery and Clothing. Cloth, Ironmongery, Earthenwa-e. Hardware. Tinware, Leather, Boots awl shoes, Timber, Paint, and oth r nriiele3, are requested to deliver Sealed Tenders, upon Forms to be obtained at my ()ince. at tile Boardroom of the said Union, in Wbiston, on or before TH UR DAY, the 13th Decemi ,er,before 10 a.m.

The Guardians will also take Tenders for English-killed Beef, Mutton and bust, fur Twelve Months. Such Tenders will be opened at the meeting of the Guar- dians on the last-named day. Samples of unperisbable articles required must be seen at the Wokkhouse betore tend ring. Security will be required for the performance of the contracts.

The Guardians do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any tender.

By order of the Board..

A. F. MANN, Union Clerk.

Union Offices, Whiston,. .Prescot. 29th November, 1894.

WANTED.—Respe2tahle tidy GIRL, 16 to 18, as general servant.—Applv 53, Weymouth-street, Chorlton-on- Medina, Manchester.

ENERAL SERVANT (good) WANTED ; able to do plain k 3 cooking; no washing; wages £l2.—App'y, Commercial Hotel, Frodsham, Cheshire.

WANTRD, good GENERAL, spout 20 ; fond of children —lO, Hall-lane, Kensingt n. Liverpool.

WANTED. by a iespeetAble Woman, a Situation as Working 140USEKEEPER to a clergyman.—J., 41, Noel-street, off Lodge-lane. Liverpool.

WANTED a gond GENERAL SERVANT, sge about twenty, for tamily of three.—Apply Mrs. BERRY Pres- ton House, Hohnfirth. YA-kshire.

Nil ILK WANTED a good Dairy tor Winter and Summer.— J E. BURGESS, 32 Gartsidt street Deansg%te, Manches-

WANTED, a thorough GENERAL SERVANT, Protest- ant, fond ot children, can wash, age about 25. -- Apply stating terms 87, Durning-r oarl, Edge-lane, Liverpool.

MISS PLATT, Burrow Cottage, Kirkby Lonsdale, wants HOUSIMAID-WAITRIISS ; 30; Church; good char- acter ; wages £l6; small fami,y.

WANTED.—To purchase or ex^hange Household FURNI- TURK of every description, in large or era ,I 1 quanti- ties ; pianos, sewing an 3 wringing machines. Best price given. Prompt cash. Apply JONES, furniture dealer, Market-street, Barlestown.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

HOOPING COUGH The celebrated efectual HOOFING COUGH cure without internal

OOPING COUGH medicine.

HOOFING COUGH Of all Chernistc pries 4s. per bottle. Sole Whole- sale Agents : W. EDWARDS BRONCHITIS AND ON, 157, Queen Victoria ttreet, London. CROUP

ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

THE CHANCE OF A LIFETIME. TO SECURE THE GREATEST BARG INS ON RECORD. A. FAGiN

_ 109 A, 111, & 113, KIRKDALE - ROAD.

TIER POPULAR HOUSE FURNISHERS OF LIVERPOOL. Agit HAVING THEIR

FIRST SALE ALL DECEMBER.

FIRST SALE IN TWENTY YEARS.

PRICES NEVER BEFORE HEARD OF.

FIRST SALE IN TWENTY YEARS.

CASH OR:HIRE SYSTEM AT

_ -OUR FIRST SALE IN TWENTY YEARS.

THEI CHANCE OF A LIFETIME.

SHE OUR WINDOWS.

BARGAINS IN SUITES,

BARGAINS IN SIDEBOARDS.

BARGAINS IN OVERMANTELS.

BARGAINS IN FLOOR CLOTHS.

BARGAINS IN CARPETS, Ac., Ac.

LOWEST HIRE PURCHASE TERMS IN THE Our.

RALF! ALL DECEMBHE. 109 A, 111, & 113, KIRKDALE - ROAD. LIVERPOOL. Return Railway Fares allowed to all Purchasers.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAM,

THE PARISH COI:INCIL.—On Tuesday evening, Mr. Wm. Handley of Runcorn, delivered a capital address, explanatory of the Parish Councils Act, in the Wesleyan schoolroom, Five Crosses, Mr. Berrington occupied the chair, and there was a crowded attendance. At the conclusion of the address several questions were asked relative to Parish Councils. PRESENTATIONS TO THE REV. H. B. BLock3.—ln e Church Schools, Overton on Saturday afternoon •q. B. Blogg, vicar, was the recipient of several presi .n commemoration of his recent marriage. Atnon,st beva present were the Revs. T. W. Dickenson and . Barnby, Messrs. A. Thomas, J.P., C. E. Lina' nT. Baxter C.C., Mortimer, T. Timmins, H. E. Hevw d, Linaker. H. Tiler, Riley, S. Davis, Joseph Kvil,i. Jo n Austin, W. Yoncl, E. D. Massey, B. Rigby, T. Lewis, A. G. Steward, Chapman, Hillidge, White,Turner. R. Bate, P. Nickson, Jlhn Nickson, J. Rothwell, W. Diggle, and T. Wood.—Mr. C. E. Linaker on behalf of the parish- ioners presented a silver salver and pair of canielabra to the Vicar. The salver bore the inscription. "This and other gifts presented to the Rev. H. Birdwood, Blegg, M.A., by the parishioners of Frodsham, on tho occasion of his marriage, 3rd October 1894." Accom- panying the gifts was a cheque for £75. Mr. Henry Linaker then on behalf of the Overton Church Choir asked the Vicar to accept a beautiful fruit dish bearing a suitable inscription. Mr. H. Tiley also handed to the Vicar a silver mounted sllad briwl, hearing the inscrip- tion," Presented to the Rev. H. B. Blogz, M.A., by the organist and members of tile Frodsham Iron Church Choir, on the occasion of his marriage. 3rd October, 1894." The Rev. H. B. Blugg suitably acknowledged the gifts.

FRODSHANI PET FY SESSION WEDNESDAY.—Before Mr. A. Thorns,. Steele, atol Mr. J. Hanoi' CHARGE OF STEALING . Samuel Brown, jun., Water-strter, Frods;latn, were both charged with having on the 27ch Nov. at Frodsham, feloniously stolen two planks. value is. 61. the property of John Priestner. —Mr. J. Priestner, farmer, Frodsham stated that he had missed two planks from a hay-stack. Mrs. Brierley, Frodsham, said the two prisoners brought the plank produced to her house the previous day. She gave them 9d. tor it.—The defence was that the plank was picked up near the sewage farna on the river side.—Samat Brown gave evidence as to pullinc, the plank out of the river and placing it on the riverside. On going to fetch it away some time afterwards, he found it had been taken away.—Another witness gave evidence as to seeing the defendants carrying the plauk away from the river side which was some distance from the complainant's farm.—The magistrites thought there was a doubt in he case and d:smissed it.

.I.airrn

===== 0002601_18941201_art0066.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
A

===== 0002601_18941201_art0067.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_18941201_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
A TIMELY 'WARNING.

Never trust those who promise too much at a time The patent medicines which pretend to cure "at once," in "a single dose," or in" ten minutes," convince us that they are unnatural in their operation, and that, therefore, either the promise made is a false one, or that the remedy is worse than the disease. It is not "at once" that a man becomes Consumptive • it is not " at a single meal" that you acquire Indigestion and Dyspepsia ; it is not in " ten minutes" that your Liver becomes sluvish and out of order. No. These com- plaints and others which might be named are gradual in their hold t 73 release you " at once," " in ten minutes or "at a single dose." As the disease, so its cure. Steady and certain is its approach. Steady and certain I should be its retreat. It is in this fact that the secret of the wonderful, the unparalleled success of Gwilym Evans Quinine Bitters lies. It conforms to Nature's laws, adapts itsclf to Nature's requirements. If the constitution has been slowly, steadiy, and certainly undermined by disease, so it is slowly, steadily, and certainly re-built by this excellent remedy. It does not pretend to miraculous instantaneous effect cures. If the disease is deep-rooted and of long standing, a sudden and forcible uprooting would do more harm than good Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters loosen first one hold o the disease on the body, then another and yet another taking away one by one the clammy fingers of disease and replacing them with the warm glowing touch of health and new life, not only removing the clis.ease' effec:uallv, but giving New Life with every dose taken. The more recent the disease the more easily removed. Overwork ought to be overpaid. Nature insists upon payment of her first dues. Intense devotion to busi ness gives the digestive organs only a bare chance to perform their work. He who comes in a hurry from active work, rapidly swallows his food and hurries out again, is piling up a debt which nature makes him pay in a painful dyspepsic experience. Gwilym Evans's Quinine Bitters will help you to pay, and the sooner you take it the better.

Try this 'mat Natural remedy. Try it 'now Recovered Patients say it is an Unfailing Remedy. Everybody says it is the Best Remedy of the Age.

THE VEGETABLE TONIC.

GWILTM EVANS'S QUININE BITTERS.

Sold in Bottles at 1/11, 2/9, and 4/6 each. Beware of Imitations ! See the name of" GwiLym

ETANS "on Label Stamp and Bottle. SOLE PROPRIETORS: QUININE BITTERS MANUFACTURING CO., LTD., LLANELLY, SOUTH WALES.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

A TICIEETLESS TRAVELLER.

At the Warrington Borough Police Court, on Monday morning, George White, dramer, last from Liverpool,was charged with riding on the London and North-Western Railway on November 24th, from Liverpool to Warring- ton without having paid the fare. Prisoner pleaded guilty.—Mr. Fenna' solicitor for the company, prose- cuted, and said that White was found in a third-class compartment at Warrington low level station. When asked for a ticket he said he didn't require one. He had no money and was compelled to travel without a ticket. On his admission he was locked up.—The Chief Con- stable thought that prisoner was there on ticket-of-leave or under police supervision somewhere.—Prisoner after- wards admitted this. He was fined 20s. or 14 days. A SERIES OF TREFTS.—HEAVY PENALTY. Alice Penn and James Taylor, Buttermarket-st., were charged at the Warrington Borough Court, on Monday, with stealing from the back-yard of Joseph Whittaker, on the 16th November, a pair of woollen drawers value 35.; also charged with stealing from 43 Arpley-st., on the 19th November, a white flannel skirt and a petti- coat, the property of Frederick Carlisle; and further with stealing from the shop of John Gibbon, 75 Mersey- at., a man's coat value 2s. 6d. on the 15th November.— Mr. Hunt (chief constable) said the complainant in the first case was Sarah Whittaker who put the drawers to ' bang out on a line about three o'clock on the day named and missed them half-an-hour later. The matter was reported and Detective Taylor from some information went to Mr. Jackson's shop, Church-st., and there found the drawers.—D.S. Monaghan with Inspector Soinks arrested the female prisoner and brought her to the police station. On Saturday night Monaghan appre- hended the male prisoner. On the Monday Frederick Carlis'e had seen the skirt and petticoat safe at his house. These articles were also pledged at Jackson's. With regard to the coat produced it was seen safe at the shop in Mersey-S. on the 15th inst. Monaghan found that the coat had also been pledged by the female nri- soner.—Both prisoners were charged and gave a differ- ent tale. Taylor was sent to gaol for two months' hard labeur in each case making a total of six months, and Penn was sent to gaol for 14 days' hard labour. ASSAULTING a TICICET COLLECTOR. On Monday morning at the borough police court, Warrington, Ralph Dodd, 24, Percy-street. Lovely-lane, was charged with assaulting, at Bank Quay Station, Warringtnn, William Bennett, ticket coll?ctor, whilst in the execution of his duty.—Mr. Fenna, who prosecuted on behalf of the L. and N.-W.R. Co., said that on the night of the 20th of last month between 11.30 and 12 o'clock the defendant with eight others came into Bank Quay station by train from Wigan. On arriving at the ticket harrier the defendant threw his ticket on the fiaor with the intention of diverting the attention of the col- lector from one of his companions, who tried to get past without a ticket. The collector tried to prevent the other man getting away and prisoner obstructed and struck him. The other men jostled Bennett until a cab- driver came to ask them to desist. The men ran away' but the collector follnwed an catching, the prisoner brought him hack. The st,tion_reaster and a constable came to the rescue and took the prisoner to the effice where, in answer to their inqniries, he gave a wrong name and address. His right name was ultimately dis. covered and he was allowed to go. Mr. Fenna asked ; that the prisoner should he taught not to interfere with the officers in their duty.—William Bennett, collector, Bank Quay, said he was struck in the face twice, and further corroborated Mr. Fenna's statement.—William Bell, cab-driver at the Patten Arms hotel, confirmed the last witnesses' statement and s,aid he also was struck. The defendant was not drink. Defendant was fined 40s. and costs or one month's imprisonment (£2 15a. 61. in all).

===== 0002601_18941201_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

-- - WARRINGTON BOROUGH 'POLICE COURT. MONDAY.—Before the Mayor (in the chair), Alderman Harrison and Mr. F. Monks. TEMPORARY AUTTIORITY.—Mr. Greenall, solicitor, an- plied for temnorarr anthority in the name of Frederick Brewer to sell at the WorApack. The application was -granted. ',RUNE AND DISORDERLY.—Ann Taylor. 74 Piqrnoint. it., was fined ss. for being drunk and disorderly in Rewsev.road on the 17th NoYember. and James Williams. fore•ernan. 1 Chanel Court, for the same offence committed on the same day in Winwick.rnad, was fined a like imnunt ; Thomas TaYlor,drunk and dis- orderly in qhenherd's Place on tha 18th November, was also fired ss. ; Frances Riley, 4 Edelsten's Yard, hawker, .ss. and costs. liIREACTI OP TM; PRAM— William 'Matthews, Rack Grovest., was charred with committing a breach of the peare ha' in with William Miillicran in Oliver-st. cn lir 18th November. It being' nroyed that defendant wacrlint, the argressor, he was dismissed. FOOOTRAT,T, IN TTTE STREET.—William Lanulev (16) Peter Lan*r (13) 56 Nanier-street, Samuel Bradshaw kl 6) 46 NaplWr.street. Tho Mag McDonald. (15) 12 Ellesmere- streettWillm Kelly (141 64 Tanner's-lane. Riebari Matte.? (13) 38 Nanier-atreet. and Fred Leigh (12) 48 Napiei=street were all charged with playing fonthall in Elleere-strept. to the annoyance of passengers at, 9 30 p.m. on N',,v.11*,.r 15. All pleaded not guilty* and AS it could nnt he proved satisfactorily owing to the darkness at the time of the offence, the bench were compelled to dismiss the cnlnrits with a caption. • enniN.m. ON FlRE....._walter Taule, joiner, 41 Welling- ton-street wa.o fined I.s. for allowing his chimney to be on fire an the 21st November. TLLTREATING A HORSlR.—Arthor Min Shell ply dealer, Norler, was charm-A with cruelly illtreatinT a horse by working the SaDiein Wildersnonl-rnael on 18th November --Sergeant. Smith said that on the day in question he was in Wilderspool-road when he saw the defendant in charne of a horse an-1 cart. Tha linne was lame in the off hind leg. On beim:, r•quested the defendant nut the horse up. Insnectsr Luff R S.P C.A. gave corroborative evidence. D,fen4ant% who was represented by his mother, was fined 10s. TUESDAY—Before Mr. R Garnett (chairman) and Dr. T. Starker Smith. STRANGE CONDUCT AT rENTRAt STATTON.—H' Bray, last from Liverpool, was charged with being drunk in Winvrick-ctreet on the nr.viollS evenine, wAs stated that the nrianrer was attemnting, to net int° a train while in a state of intoxicatiOn to proceed to Liverpool, hut was prevented from fining, so and takan to the police- Station.—ln replvto qnestions, the prisoner, who was a. respectable Inohinr man said that he was a married man out of work, a.nel had come to Warrington to find work. He had left Livernool with 10,, in his pneket.and had intended to en on to Manchester. On reaching War. Tiotoi, he had gone into a public house and last atl hi. money. TIP had been in the 10th ITlAsars, hut /113 not receive any pension.—The prisoner was discharged with !lope that he would become a teetotaler. virEDNESDAY,..._Before Mr. John Fairclough (chairman), Mr. .T. Tl. Fleming, and Mr. J. Geddes. ANOTITER DOMESTIC DISAGRERMENT.—Thomas Flinn was ch,r,e,l tha 91.“- vv,”

BIRDS, ANIM XLR AND FISH STUFFIKI), and mounted in Glass Cases of an design. HTIADS end HORNS, mounte4 also for Sale. P.irds made into Tfand Screen! or Fire screens. Desler in Bri,ish and Foreiem Birds and Animals' Skins, Glass Shades. F.tags' Heads. C ‘binets • Store Boxes, t. s for Butte,•fly end Paz Colleetors. —B. Coo Naturalist ;Furrier. In, Renthaw-street„ - Liverpool

===== 0002601_18941201_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
rington,assaulted and beaten his wifo, Mary Jane Flinn. The complainant said defendant assaulted her on Friday ight and turned her out of the house. Sh e had a bad la.ckeye which was caused by defendant striking her.— Defendant said his wife was as „much to blame as he, and the Bench agreeing with him he was bound overt() keep the peace in his own surety of £5 for six months, and pay 7s. 63. costs. THURSDAY.—Before Mr. S. Chandley (chairman), and

Alderman Sutton

EXTENSION OF TimE.--J->sepli Taylor was granted till 2 a.m. to sell at the Lion Hotel on the occasion of th- N.S.P.C.C. hall. SCSOOL ATTENDANCE CASES.-The- following were fined for non-attendance of their children at school on the prosecution of Mr. G. Riley :—Walter Lunn; forgeman, Foundry-st., 53. ; Charles Roberts, hawker, Haydock- st., 23. 63.; Joseph Lightfoot, wire-drawer, Wakefield- st., 53. ; Wm. Goodwin, St;ott-st., 5,. ; John Mills, factory hand, Dial-st., as. 6d.

DARESBURY PENT SESSIONS. TIIZSDAY. —Beforo Mr. W. Long (in the chair), Mr. H.

Neild, and Mr. A. El. Talbot. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—John Bate was chard with being drunk and disorderly in Grappenhall on the 26th November and was dismissed.

DOGS AT LARGE—George Flamblett was ordered to pay the costs for allowing his dog to be at large in Stockton Heath on the 13th October, and the same penalty was inflicted on Wm. Beach for allowing his dog to be at large on the 11th Novemher at Bartington. PITCEt AND Toss.—For playing this gam. at Walton on the 4th November John Bostock, Frank Gleave and John Clayton, boys, were ordered to pay the costs. DRAYMEN IN TaouscE.—For being asleep whilst in charge of a horse and vehicle the following drivers were fined Ss. :—Charles Wilson, on the highway at Grappen- hall on the 20th November ; Walter Hamer, 31st Oct., at Norton ; Elizabeth Lunt, 15`,11 November, at Walton ; Wm. Cliffe, 313 t Cctober. at Whitley Superior, 53. and costs.

UNSTAMPED GLASSES.—Mary Poell, Antrobus, was charged with having on the 26th October allowed Mary Ann Vernon to sell beer in a quantity of half pint or less. the glasses used being unstamped. An inspactor of weights and measures for the county deposed to being served with beer in unstamped glasses by Mary Vernon, employs; of Mary Powell. As it was shown that the glasses in question were used by mistake the defendant was allowed to go on payment of costs.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON PETTY SESSIONS.

SATURDAY.—Before T. J. ailleAnie (chairmln) T. Grimke Drayton, Mr. R. Stlne and Colonel Wood.

TEMPORARY AUTHORITY.—James RhodPq w;.3 granted temporary authority to sell at the" Manor Arms" Golborne.

DRI7NX AND DISORDERLY.—John Parker, for this offence at Newton WAS fined 54. and costs ; Thomas Anderton Moore, 2s. 61 and costs ; Jane Hindley, in Newton, 53. and costs ; Rob.rt Conpull, in Newton, 2s. 61. and costs: Thomas Pitnblett and James Lyon, in Haydock, 2s 61. each ; Henry Burrows, in Havdock, 2s. ed. and costs ; Thomas Travis, in Golborne, 53. and costs.

LICENCE TRANSFE as.—Nicholas Massey was granted the transfer of the " Horse and Jockey," Woolston from the former tenant to himself; Thomas Priestley Rho d was granted the transfer of the "Blsck Swan " Golhorne from Peter Andrews to himself; John Thrhyshire was granted the transfer of the "Sir Charl.s Napier " in Gol- borne from Thomas Edwards to himself.

STREIZT OBSTRUCTION.—StanIey Fothergill was charged on the nth Nov. with leaving a waggonette in Crow- lane, Haydock, an unnecessary time without anyone being in charge. The case was proved and defendant was lined 5. and costs.

DOG AT LARGll.—Jameg Hatton, Flayriock, was fined 7s. 81. for allowing his dog to be at large on the Bth of November.

COAL STEALING.—CathnrinA Hayes and Elizabeth Hampeon were charged with having on the 13th of November stolen a quantity of coal (1261b5) the pro- perty of Me 5r5 R. Evan; and Co., Ha.vdock,and valued at 81.—Mr. Gillespie said that he was rather doubtful about trying this case as the Bench were all connected with the company and therefore if they gave a biased decision they were liable to a penalty of £5O and costs. The defendants a. ked that the casei might he gone on with and the business was proceeded with.—Mr. Stuart (solicitor) said that for some time quantities of coal had been missed from the stack at Haydock, therefore P.C. Addison had been told off to watch and on the night in question he was underneath a waggon and saw the defendants take the coal. A penalty of 103. and costs was inflicted in each case. A SANITARY INSPECTION CASE,—john Lee was charged with haying on the 31st October lost joined certain drains to the main sewer without first hayine, obtained permission from the sanitary inspector. Mr. Worslev, solicitor, prosecuted and Mr. Stuart, solicitor defended. Evidence was given by the prosecuting solicitor.showing that the defendant had had notice in connection with the drains on a certain date but Mr. Stuart then pointed out that the notice had been premature and therefore his client had not gone against the Commis- sioners in that respect. The case was adjourned for a month.

ALLEGED THEFT OF A PURSE.—Oizah.th Ann Haves was charged with havitr, on the 16'h November taken a purse containing 144., the property of Kate Malec).— Kate Ms lee. complainant, living. at 6, Mill-street, Gol- borne, maid that on the night in question she went to bed and left the defendant; downstairs. She had the purse with her when she went and in the morning fonnd that it was missing. Complainant taxed the prisoner, who had got some new clothes, with the theft hut she denied it. Evidence of little value was rriven on both sides, and ultimately the case was dismissed.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN PETTY SES9ION:3.

MONDAY.—B4ore Mr. James flandley (chairman), Mr. Philip Speakman, and Sir Ri,,hard Brooke' Bart. IN SEARCH OF GAME —Henry Lydiate, 24 Snrrey-st., and Henry Shaw, Porter-st., were charged under two informations with name a dog for the piirpose of search- ing for game and also with committing. a trespass by being on land in the occupation of John Fryer at Norton on the 13'h November in search of mime. 'Defendants pleaded not .Tos. Jones, of Kekewick, assistant gamekeeper to Sir Richard Brooke, stated that about one o'clock on the afternoon of the da,tn named he was on duty with a shooting party at Norton Priory. He saw the two clef,ndants ,c,7oin, along the canal bank accompanied by a big brawn dog. Witness followe.d them to the turnbridge. As soon as they got past the first field he saw Lydiate leave the canal bank and go into a field with the do,. After huutin, round the field Lvdiato left it and entered another. the other defendant joining him. A hare got up, and th-e two defendants with the dog had a race after it. Witness turned trlck for assistance, hut ultimately caught the two men. He took them to the police office at Moore. Lvdiate gave the name of Samuel, which was afterwards found to he his brother's name.—David West, labourer, Norton, gave evidence as to seeing Lydiate in one of the fields with a dog, hat Shaw was on the canal hank.—The defence was that th6v were directed across tho field as a "near cut," and that the dog was never allowed to run loos.. A fine of 10s. and 12s. costs was imposed upon each de- fendant or in default 14 days' imprisonment. • DOG OWNERS IN TROUBLE.—Thomas Connell, 33, Cart- . wright-street, Runcorn, was fined 54., and 83. Ell. costs, for keeping a do, without a license on the 10th Nov. It was stated that the defendant had hlti the dog: in his possession for three or four months without taking out a license.—Ellen Rowlands, 27, Mason-street, Runcorn, was ordered to ply the ccists for allowing a dog to he at large without wearing a collar with the name of the owner affixed.

INDECENT uoNDucr.—Ellen Griiy and .Tlvepli Riley, of. itnncorn, were esch fined 20,;. I,rici costs for indecent bohaviour in Arthnr-;treet, on the 15!'h November. In dPfault of n irment they were each ordered to be sent to vol for 14 days.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
SHIP CA.NAI,

THE CANAL AND THE EASTERN TRADE.

In connection with the direct shipment of gonds from Manchester to the East, a company has been registered with a capital of £lOO,OOO, in tlO shares, under the title of the Mannhestpr, Bombay, and General Naviga- tion Company, Limited. The Empress, of West Hartle- pool, a vessel of 2,918 tans g,ross register, will inaugurate the servirte on theloth January. It is believed that the vessels; will receive carfro at Giasoow Tra-vinus tn cruninc, to Manchester, and will if necessary call .at Birkenhead when outward hound.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
LYMM.

---- RP.crrAL.—A. recital was given in the VeslAyan school- room co Monday night, by Mr. Cargill Gentry, of Lon- don. Mr. J. A. Swanwick occupied the chair, and there was a good attendance. The recital was inters- persed with pianofArte solos and songs. POPULAR -CONCERT.—N concert was held in the Ne w- fiPld Institute on Saturday night when ther:.% was a large attendance. Songs, recitations, itc., were given hr the frellowing :—Misses Mersian, Schaub, ()Liston, M. Swan- wick, and Messrs. Metland ani-Swanwick. A pleasant evening was brought to a close by the singing of " God save the Queen." FARM FIRR.—A fire broke out at ahont six o'clock on Saturdac night in the stockyard of Mr. Gould. Foxier Farm. The fire was discovered ht, a teamsman, and information was at once sent to the Lynam Fire Brigade, who promptly turned out, and found that a stack of second crop of clover was burning furiously. Seeing that it wa= hopeless to try and extinguish the fire, they turned their attention to preventing it. sprea.ding to a large Nmont of corn which was in close proximity to the burning Qt,ck, and in this they were successful. The fire is supposed to have been caused by overheating. The whele of the do macie is noV.rod hr ;osnrince.

"CURS, SEALSKIN JACKETS AND FUR AL of every description CLEANED or RE-DYED and ALTERED. FUR SKINS dreAsed snd made up into rugs &c.—B qooKE. Marturacturirt; Furrier. 11, Upper Newinq- on, and :21, Renshaw-street, Liverpool. Established 20 years.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 1, 1894.

FoOTBILL

GEO. G. BUSSEY 3.; CO. are •the leading makers o requisites for Football, Hockey. Golf, Baseball, Gymnasia. and all Sports and Games. 'illustrated catalogues may be ohtained from the local dealers, or the Sports Manufactory Peckham, London. Trade CaXt Mark WARRINGTON v. KENDAL.

This sPason's first meetirv, or these old competitors took place on S eurday, at Kendal. The day was gloriously fine,but there was gray a moderate number of spectators, which however is not a very uncommon thing at the Northern town. Warrington had only a moderate team being weakened in the forward rank. Jolley and Dakin were of course absent, their services being revired by their county at Fallowfield, and other absentees were Fair Turner, Thorniley, Nevins and Buckley. Kendal were also .minus a good three-quarter in the person of Langley. In the absence of Turner, Burt.-,n captained the team. The following is the full list of the two op- posing teams : ! Warrington : Boscow, full back; Cunningham, Morris, Eleesom, and Barton, three-quarters ; B ate and ' Clarke, half backs ; Davies, Berry, Taylor, Savage, Bailey, Andrew's, Houghton and Randles. Kendal Hornets : Kitchen, full back ; Braithwaite, Hill, Cole- man, and Holmes, three-quarters; Garnett and Parsons, half backs ; Deason, Major, Nicholson, Favrcett.Caradus. Beard, Wilson and Heap. Referee. Mr. Fawcett, Barrow.

Bandies' kick-off was not well returned, and Warring- ton at once rushed to the quarter flee. Their stay,how- ever, was but of short duration, for the northern forwards smartly dribbled the ball to half way, where play raged for Some trrne. Burton was the first player to become prominent, for accepting a pass from Bate, he ran almost over, but found Braithwaite too good for him. Kitchen now punted to Boecow and that player returning well, Bur- ton was again almost over, Coleman this time staving off the danger. Fine passing was now witnessed be- tween Braithwaite, Hill, Coleman, and Holmes which transferred the scene of operations to the opposite end of the field, but Boscow was all there and would not , allow them to score. A prolonged attack by the Hornets , ended in them being allowed a free kick in a dangerous , position. Taylor relieved Warrington's fears however by charging the ball down, and Cunningham, and Moores took play to half way. Holmes here had a sprint down the field, and just as a score seemed certain, Cun- ningham's great speed enabled him to catch the north- man and promptly floor him just in time. The same player securing a pass from Clark gained great advan- tage by a run and a judicious kick. Coleman now made his mark in a favourable position, but the place not being taken, nothing came of it. Scrambling play fol- lowed, chiefly to Warrington's advantage, and Davies and Bailey almost dribbled the ball over, Holmes just keeping them out. Fleesom was the next to be danger- ous, for intercepting a pass from Holmes, he made a strong run which was brought to an end by Kitchen. Befrton then took the ball to the line, and apneared to have scored, but only a minor was conceded. Half time soon afterwards arrived with a clean sheet. The opening exchanges in the Second half between Caradus and Moores was in favour of the latter, bat the Hornets were the first to be dangerous and Braithwaite forced a minor. The kick out saw the wirepullers' for- wards attacking in a body, their progress being brought to an end at half way by Hill. A grand series of pa.seine between Moores, Heesom, Cunningham and Clarke ended in the latter passing fencer& From the ensuing scrimmage, Braithwaite intercepted Rate's pass, and having a clear field before him he raced away hut was caught by Bailey at the critical moment. Offside nlav by the home halves resulted in a free kick being awarded to the visitors. Burton took the kick but the only result Was a minor. Warrington returned to the attack, and Kitchen was compelled to run over his own lines. He was successful in getting his kick, ancl luckily for Kendal, the ball just grazed a Warrington player, thus placing the whole of the players on-side and half way was reached. This was a very leeler let-off for the Hornets indeed. The Hornets rarely had a look in after this, and repeated niches by Warrinatnn were ably checked by the home defenders. Moores looked dangerous het found Kitchen and Holmes tin safe to woe. Burton now had a drop at zeal which just. missed its destination, and another minor was conceded. Some grand work wee done here by Cunningham who had the worst of luck on two occasions when at the point of scoring. As time drew near, Warrington redoubled their efforts to score, and some fine rushes were made by all the threequarters. Bmiten on one occasion, just before the whistle blew, was pulled down on the wrong side when grounding the ball. When no side was called, nothing tangible was 'cored and the game thus ended in a pointless draw,the third which Warrington has played already this season. It roust he confessed that War- rington were not favoured hy fortune, for they held the upper hand the greater portion of the game, especially near the elnee. The ormeeina forwards Were about equal, but the Warrington halves were the superior of the Hornets, who Were too fond of Std. play. The threeemartere also were pretty equally matched, hut there is no comparison between the two full barks. Beseow Seems to play better every match, and can Sat- urday, he certainly excelled himself, for he did net make a single mistake the whole of the afternoon. His fielding and tackling were always sere, and his returns almost invariably found touch. His vie-a-vie is a rent young player being only seventeen years of nr., and it is therefore not to he eirpected that he would equal Posenw. For so young a player he did not play badly hut Boscow'e disnlay overshadowed his, . WenaiNciToN "A " V. WIDNES " A."—The first en- gagement between these two teams this season Was when they met on the viTillerspeol enclosure on Saturday last. The home team wee without the services ov Hempaon, Hotiehton, and Bendiest. There was only fair attendance when the ball was set in motion. Far it short time War ruled in the visitors quarters and on one occasion Warrington became eangernee, and Carer got possession but was soon collared. Scrimmages and line outs became very frequent. Widnes then heean to press and were expected to 'core but, failed. A scrimmage in which Warrington were at fault took place, the result being that the visitors were granted a free kiek which was of no value. Mannion (the hnmestere full baelr) get possession of the ball, and also made his merk, nothing resulting. The visitors began to press more severely from a scrimmage, when a Widnes for- ward ant possessien and racing the length of the field, seared a try near to the touch line, at this moment the , touch jelee hel I nn his fit, as if the try was not allowed. but afterwards he . allowed it. The decision was receiver] un- greeireisle by the Feiner-eters,. The gel] kick proved unsuccessful and when half time arrived the swore stood Widnesl try. Werrinetnn nil. After changing ende Widnes had the wind in their favour and at once nroved ,ieneeeees eve;e„ the hall speedily in the home twenty- five. Curer transferred to the visitors territory where he was cells red at the 7,11 post. The transference was, of brief aeration, for Whines resumed their pressure and added another try which was this time improved noon. The result of the game was Widnee, 1 goal, 1 try; Warrington nil The teams were comoosed as fol- lows: Warrineton : FOl hackeManninn ; three oilarters, Carer, Potts, Lawless. F,dlesten ; half hacks, Rayheld. Ferster : forwards, Wilcox, Sermdere. Burrows. Fair- hero-, Freeth. Thornton, Teseidese,. Barton.' Widnes: Fen h,elr. Golden ; three.qeartars, Peters, Taylor; Too- hey, Owen : half haelza, Mernhr. Highfield ; forwards, Percival. Ceenelly. Hughes, McLoiiglilin, Glasheim, Handley, Williams, Peters. RrNCORN •v. BITIKYNTTF.ATY PARE.—The Bin-teem team weffered defeat at Birkenhead Park on Saturday, and this extra fivtere had been arranged ()wine to the suspension of the Salford An a Wigan clubs. The Run- corn team included sever-al " " teaomers. 'Fedor started, J. Aedereen r,tiwninee Some exchange Irieldee followed hetwae'n Peitterwortla and Greenharn, the latter ultmately findine teeeh near centre. Play for a time vile Ineeted in the Plrk quarters, hut Chadwick relieved with a smart ririhWo. Retterworth cleverly pielrea }wit Clqr:Rß tackler] finely. A ,nice run hr Ward w teeirfeered play hick to the Park lines, where Warder, almeet got over. Smart Plssine ultim- ately ended in . Myers getting hold in front of the poets, Raeter jest collaring in time. After eliert nressoire. Meers, Warder, and Garter, by eeick passing cha.need the venue to Park's quarters. Clans. relieved to centre with apnea rein. Good Passing next followed between ranee, Anderson, Fenton, and MAnhinenn. the leet-named stninhling as he tried to drags. Butterworth. A dead hall followed. . Tioncern started, hut the Parkites pressed. Tee-1.1,14'nel almost getting over. Exciting scrimmeees followed on the line erne the visitors relieved 'or good forward play. The Park forwards again returned to the attack, Warder saving daringly. Cllll9ll. Macdonald, Fenton, and Andersen enabled the latter to almost score. at corner. The visitors continued defending strongly, and had riehed Her to centre when half tirne.arriyed with the score—Birkenhead Park, 1 miner, Runcorn nil. Three times after the re•tart, the Parkites essayed to break their ormenente' defence. At. length Fenton intercepted a pass and ran strene.ly end passed to Anderson, who threw to Mitchinenn, the latter scoring by the posts. (nee, kicked R Rrnilat CheerinV. Anderson next scored. Fentnn's kick missinee In saving a rush War- der was injered and retired. Anderson scorer] a third try between the pee's. Clangs failing et goal. Final restilt—Birkenhead Park, 1 goal, 2 tries : Runcorn, nothing. RUNCORNT RECRRATION V. ECCLRSTON Rovens.—At St. Helens on Saturday. the Recs. were withont Booth and Mighes at three-qearter. twit the home side were fully represented. Great interest was manifested in this match, as the Royere have net been beaten in the com- petition, while the Recreation lost one game prevines tea Whitney won the toss, and Erwlesten kinked ff, aided hr a strong wind. At the comnsenee- Trent the ',erne teem pennea the Thinners men in their qeerter, but the Recs. relieved, and during the whole ef the first half, the rem. wee eeen!si enntested, eon" when half time arrived the teams tsirnsd reun:i with a &ear sheet. On resta.rting, the hum' men at once made a hot attack on the Rees'. line, bet the Rencorn inen Proved revel to the task, and sticeeeded in keeping rh Helens men en'. The Revers' forwards ple red no fer all they were werth, hit the visitors' front rank held up bravely, and towards the cl )81 11,d the hest of ' matters. When time wes called the game ,ended in a pointless draw, neither side having scored even a minor.

WARRINGTON Sr. MARY'S A, WARRINGTON RANGERS.— The first match of the season between these clubs took place on the Rangers' ground on Saturday. There was a good attendance of spectators. The Saints won the toss, and elected to play with the wind. Evans corn- menced for the Rangers. No return was made. From the scrimmage Higginbottom transferred play to the homesters' quarters. The Rangers began to press, and Plinston took a. flying kick, which Roughley failed to return, with the result that Caldwell scored in the corner. Evans took the place kick, but failed. From the drop-out the game opened very fast, and the Saints maintained the attack almost continuously throughout the game. A rush by the saints' forwards, saw John- son scoring under the posts, Hampson failing at goal. From a scrimmage a passing movement was started by Bennett, and taken part in by Hig,gin- bottom and Hampson ; the latter passed to O'Brien, who dashed over in grand style. Berry failed Smart play by O'Brien saw the homesters again defend- ing, but were gradually forced back. Half-time score— St. Mary's, two tries ; Rangers, one try. After the opening exchanges the Rangers pressed the Saints on their lines, until Hampson secured, and a clever run led up to a permanent attack. Warburton was tackled on the line when looking danE,,erous. Rutter .next secured and kicked well up the field, followed up by the for- wards, who gave Hassell trouble, but, he managed to clear, and a rush by the Rangers' forwards was foiled by Rouf.fhley. The Saints kept up the pressure and penned the Rangers until a smart bit of forward play resulted in T. Roughley scoring, I.lampson being responsible for the goal. From the drop out the Saints again invaded the homesters' quarters, and another fine rush saw Burrows scoring the fourth try. Hampson again failed. Final score—St. Mary's, one goal, three tries; Rangers, one try. WARRINGTON Sr. MARY'S 2ND V.WARRINGTON RANGERS 2ND.—Plaved on St. Mary's ground, and r,,,llted in a win for the Saint' h tiry3l ',no try, !.n .tje,..

WARRINGTON ST. PETER'S V. DITTON IST.—This match was played on the ground of the former, on Saturday. The Saints kicked, the full back returning, and then play settled in midfield. Scrimmage after scrimmage ensued, but neither side could gain by them. The whistle sounded for half time, with the score sheet blank. Ditton kicked off in the second half, and were soon seen to force their appoaents back, the Ditton full back making his mark, and placed a beautiful geal. Shortly afterwards a Ditton forward got the ball and dodged in, the goal kick going wide. Time was tken called, with the score : Ditton, 1 goal 1 try (six points) ; Warrington St. Peter's nil. WARRINGTON EKCELSIORS V. PORT StILIGHT.—The above match took place on the ground of the latter at Bebington, on Saturday. The home team started, and Warrineton responding quickly made tracks for their lines, and Woods and Gleave, experienced hard lines. The visitors still kept up the pressure, and a capital bit of work saw Appleton running in a good try, Gleave improving with a neat goal. From the restart the visi- tors again pressed, Forster, Gleave and Lawless putting in some good work. The Warrington forwards now indulged in a splendid bit of loose work, and Dodson scnred a hard-earned try, Gleave failing from a difficult place. From the drop-out Sunlight had a turn, and by the aid of Jones, Spencer and Gresty, got dangerously near the visitors' lines, but a combined rush by the visi- tors' forwards took play out of danger. A good game ended in a win for the Excelsiors by one goal one try to Port Sunlight nothing. RUNCORN" d" TEAM V. STOCKTON HEATH.—Owing to the suspension of Wigan, Runcorn offered the date to Stockton Heath, which was gladly accepted by them. The home team was considerably weakened, however, by the first requiring no less than five men. Barber was away from Stockton Heath. Higham kicked off for Stockton Heath, Nickson returning to centre. The visitors soon commenced to attack, but Jolley cleared with a fine punt, which was supplemented by a capital dribble on the part of Woodward. The Stockton Heath forwards then dribbled very nicely, when Broady snapped the ball, and after a sharp sprint Jolley stayed his progress. Glover, Foy, and Richardson came , through the scrimmage with the ball at their toes,when an admirable bout of passing took place between the Roncotn back division, Flamblett tackling Hughes just in time to prevent mischief. A free kick occurred to Runcorn, which Antrobus took, and Caldwell getting his kick charged down, Walker rushed up and secured the first try, which Lightfoot converted into a goal. The drop-nut witnes;ed Runcorn pressing, but High am pass- ing smartly to riroady, the latter cleared Brown, and ,1 nut in a nice dodgy run until stopped by Pendlebury. Half-time saw Runcorn leading by a goal. Antrobus re-started the game, Gregory returning with a flying kick—which for once came off—to centre. Broady at this time made a splendid run, dodgins, in and out in capital fashion, and was ultimately "held by Hughes. The cheering had hardly died away when Isherwood took an opponent's: pass, and the hall was eventually taken Main(' the line, Hughes touching down with no time to spare. The game was very even at this period, and some tall punting was seen on both sides. Brown kicked very strongly, and following up at double quick time FPCIIrPti Cross with the ball in his hands, much to the surprise of that player and the amusement of the spectators. The shades of evening were falling fast,anci it was now only possible to see the outlines of the differ- ent players. Flug,hes, however, was visible threading his way in capital style, and although getting past the Stockton Heath halves and three-quarters, he failed to elude Flamblett, who played a goad l game throughout. Score :—Runcorn, one goal ; Stockton Heath, nil.

A DEFENCE OF THE FRENCH NATION.

The annual foreign missionary meeting was held at Bewsey-road Wesleyan Chapel, Warm:4ton, on Monday evening, when there was a fairly good attendance. The chair was occupied by Mr. John Bennett, of Bewsey Hall, and he was supported by the Revs. D. A. de Mouilpied, (French mis,ionarY,) G. Lowe, (Transvaal,) J. Kirtlan,Owen Watkins,and G. D. Mason.

the Rev. G. D. MASON, in reviewing the work in vari- ous parts of the world, said that in the majority or: cases very encouraging reports were received. In France, the influence of the Methodist church was out of all propor- tion to the number of members. Progress was also re- ported in Germany, Austria, and Italy. A great advance was reported in South, and South Central Africa. In Ceylon, professing Christians outnumbered both Mohammedans and Hindoos. Their work, as they would all be aware, had been much hindered in China, and the missionaries there had a strong claim upon their sym- pathies. Mr. Mason then proceeded to give the financial statement which we have published previously in our reports of missionary gatherings. The CHAIRMAN made a very humorous speech in which he expressed his hearty s yrnpathy with mission work. He expressed the conviction that never before was War- rington favoured with having four returned missionaries upon the platform at the same time. He hoped that those present would do their utmost to help on the good , work.

The Rev. D. A. DE MOUILPIED then addressed the nve,ting. lie said that th, work in France was of a I different character from most fields of missionary labour, I France ranked high in the civilised world, and I seemed to be out of the sphere of missionary Re bPlieve 1 that they had never beard of France as a mission field. They had always been taught that the French were their I natural enemies, and that an Englishman was equal to three Frenchmen any day. (Laughter.) He asked whether the fact that the French flag floated side by side with the English flag at Balaclava. Inkermann, Alma, and Sebastopol ought not to extinguish that feel- ing of enmity. (Rear, hear.) France had also the re- putation of being the land of atheists, freethinkers, and materialists. The people were called frivolous French, and the country was that of Voltaire and Zola. But in spite of all the canvassing of M. Zola among the mem- bers of the Ace &my of Immortals, the highest literary society in France,he had been unable to become a mem- ber of that society, and his reputation rested not so much with his countrymen as with the representative Press of England. At the present time there was not an accredited teacher of materialism in Paris. A great deal was said about civil marriages, and the great pro- portion of funerals which took place without the pre- sence of a priest, but for all that, France was the most religious State upon the Continent of Europe. The Frenchmen were determined that no priest should inter- fere in any political elections in'the country. The French were beaten in the last war, said Renan, by the German schoolmaster, and the want of education they owed to the government by the priests. Since that war, they had determined that the priest should have no more power over education, and the education of the young was now under the direction of the State. The charges of persecution arose from the fact that the French people were determined to have no eclesiastical control either in politics or education, as they had suffered from it for over a thousand years. France was a country of wonderful ideas,and she was not afraid to experiment upon herself. She had been striving for the best form of government which would cause the greatest happi- ness to her sons. She had been waiting long for a Saviour; not one after the type of Boulanger, or Napo- leon 1., or Napoleon 111. She wanted a Saviour who would speak to her reason and magnificent intellect, and to her conscience ; a Saviour who would speak to her heart, that large, loving, enthusiastic heart, which was capable of suc,h magnificent outbursts of self- sacrifice. He knew one Saviour who would do this, and that was Jesus of Nazareth. To-day there was no country more open to the preachers. They could go and preach everywhere. Religious liberty was the birth right of every Frenchmaniand he could go to any village and preach the gospel. There was admirable work be- ing done in France, and nowhere were such glorious vic- tories won for Jesus Christ. The work, therefore, was of a most hopeful character, and he was sure that it would continue to be even more hopeful in the future. (A pplause. )

• The Rev. G. LOWE said that it had been his joy to la- bour in two different fields. He was at the West Coast o Africa at the ssron time as the Rev. G. D. Mason, and after returnit,g England for six months he was sent to join the Rev. Owen Watkins, in the Transvaal, where he was engaged in pioneer mission work. In that work they had the most successful results in modern Methodism. Mr. Lowe then gave figures to prove the astonishing progress made in South Central Africa by Christianity, since 1882. He said that the gospel had gained such a hold that it would never be driven out. They had, however, only been successful at the fringe of I the country. There were thousands outside untouched, and for these they required more funds. Much had been done, but to extend their influence they must trust to the people for support. There were numbers of invitations from villages outside their influencr, but missionaries could not be sent owing to that reason. He appealed to everyone present to do his or her utmost in this good cause. Mr. Lowe gave a most interesting account of his work in South Central Africa, and his speech was listened to with great attention.

A coll-ction in aid of foreign missions was then taken, And the meeting closed with a hearty vote of thanks to the Chairman and deputation, which was proposed by the Rev. J. Kirtlan, seconded by Mr. W. Brough and supported by the Rev. Owen Watkins, who informed the audience that Mr. Lowe was returning to his work in Africa in February.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIA HON.

WARRINOTO7.4 V. ECELES.—PIayed at the Crick"t ground. Forrest and Linaker again turned out for the home team and Smithson, who has just returned from Africa, made his first appearance. Eeeles kicked off and early on Jewke had a good try. Linaker nulled un the visitors when getting dangerous, and after good atternota tic jewke and Smithson, the latter cleverly Ilea-lad into the net. Mather had hard lines, and then Eccles rushing down gained a corner, which Linaker cleared, sending to Mather and Wilson, who rushing down forced a corner from which Wilson scored. Half time, Warrington 2 Eecles 0. Linaker pulled up the visitors' right, and working tlo hall down passed to Mather who easily scored. Carter senta good shot, and from jewkes' tans Mather again Was successful. Linaker Gorton and Wilson each snored later, the visitors being entirely played out. Final scrire, Warrington 7, Eccles O. PENKETR V. PARR VICT RlA.—This match was played at Ponketh on Saturday. The visitors kicked off and play was very fast and determined, each side playing strongly. The hr.me right wing made headway and Bowyer tricking the opposing hacks scored a grand goal. The home 'right again made tracks, and centreing•finelv Singleton scored a second goal. Play was now af a slow nature, when the visitors' right made a grand run and scored an easy goal. Shortly afterwards a combined rush by the visitors enabled them to equalize. Half•time arrived with the score two each. Restarting, each side strove hard to gain the lead. Singleton, who was play- ing a grand game, gave his side the lead be a well jadged shot The visitors not to he denied played up well, and after Rawver had cleared one or two shahs, the home right forced l play and after a bout of passing in the visitnra' goal Davies shot through. Time was called with the score: Po.nketh, four goals ; Parr Vics, two goals. HOLY TRINITY V. AEL SAINTS' BF.WSEY.—This match was placed on the gr-and of the former on Saturday last,. The Harnesters kicked off, and the. Saints at once began las) press F.ant. 'trinity soon gained a hold on the ball and snored thei,r first goal, and were not long in matting' two more goals throuah, at half time the snore heing three goals to nil. The ball being restarted the on the defence and after aSahiana-tds kfi7h‘t.' tjs'e.Poirler)rinl."l.llAorl.'yvrTerlilnitY following suit added another goal to their genre. At the of time, the score was Bral..v Trinity four goals, All Saints' one, Ilc-accm4 -ASSOCIATION V. ORFORD —Played at Run- corn on Saturday afternoon. The visitors winning the tOIS P7P started. Play was soon in the visitors' (pair- ter; and Peacock aenred in the first, minute with an easy shot, At the interval the homestera were lea,ding by four goals to nano. The aeland n:irtion of the game was almost a repetitinn ;IF the first, and Runcorn see- needed in putting: on a couple mare, S. Walker and .T. Linton baiter responsible. Final result—Runcorn six goals, Orford nil. NEWTON RESERVE V. ST. ELPIIIN'S RESERVE. —Placed at Dalton Rank on Saturday last, before a fair attendance, Play was of a, give and take descriptirro, the interval arriving with a clean sheet. In the second half bath sides had hard lints, hut one of the home team alter the -ball had gone over the line, hrnug,ht it in play again, and putting it through, scored their first goal, the visitors protea!-ing ctrongly against the paint. Shortly after Boardman. one of the visitors' hacks was penalised far jumping, and from the subsequent free kick the laomesters; searel again. With only a few minutes to play the visitors; tried hard to score, and at last suc- aaaded. Lee doing the needful, and although Pressing at the call oF time, they were defeated by 2 goals to 1.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
ikgSOri AVON.

WARRINGTON A,ND DISTRICT AMATEUR LEAGUE. FIRWr DIVI3MN. Regtl!ts; no to Sa'.urday last Goals•

Plived Wr‘n Loaf, Drawn Rm. Agt Pt, Barnton Albion vri.rlestown Victoria *Newton-le-Willows Penketh 6 2 . . 1 .12 ..24 5 Fir- Victoria vv-i tops Parish Church firforl Crescent .... 5 ... 1 ... 4 ... 0 ... 8 ...12 ... 2 Farnworth CJ.T.S *Nowtnri-le-Wi!lows have two (:.'nts deducted for playing an ineligible man.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
SECOND

9,ltton *Npwton-le-Willows R Wi(l,l Parish 0hnr....11 R Banlc-st. St. F,lohin's R L. & N.W. Albion 5 3 . 0 2 .21 6 Penlceth R 8 4 4 . 0 27 99 8 Warrinfft,n S. Marv's Winwielc St 03W' HS lO 2 7 1 16 .40 5 Orton' lO 1 9 . 0 .19 .56 2 Per W.tllo7T nmi Sons 8 1 7 0 8 .46 2 *vewton-le-Wi:Tow Kaye two points decluetetl for playing an ineligthi, man.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON GYMNASIUM.

GRAND GYMNASTIC DISPLAY.. The Gymnasium, Palmyra Square, was well filled on Saturday evening when this season's first gym- nastic display took place. In addition to the exhi- bitions by the members of the gymna,iurn there was a tug-of-war competition in which seven teams composed of the picked men from different works in the town took part, the winner being "taken on" by the gymnasium team. Mr. T. Morris, F.G.S., officiated as chairman, and at 7.30 announced that the dumb-bell exercise would be gone through by the gym- nasts, in musical time. This exercise and also those of the bar-bells and Indian clubs were gone through with creditable precision. Five members gave an excellent rings exhibition and then the first round in the tog-of-war csnsisting of two heats each team, was fought in which the following teams of six men each eompeted—Wilderspool Brewery (s. Harmer's team) 65st. 61bs. v. Crosfield's Soap Works,B4t. Bnas. ; Wilders- pool Brewery (J. Guest.'.; team) 65st. 13lbs. v. Warring- ton Psstmen, 63st. Blbs. ; Sons of the Gael (Pearson and Knowles) 85t. 911,5. v. Longford Wire Works, 64st. 7lbs. and BPWSEV Forge—a- bye-85st. 211 s. Crosfield's Soap Works won in the first two, Willerspool Brewery easily in the second, and Sons of the Gaol, after a very hard struggle, won in the third. In the . parallel bar exhibition the men engaged were led off by Mr. Kinsley (director) and showed in the skilful manner in which they Went through their performances that Mr. Kinsley's training had been very efficacious. In the seeond round of the tug of war Crosfi9ld's Soap Works beat Guest's Brewery team after a well contested couple of heats and Bowsey Forge were not much pot to it to beat the Sons of the Gael. Mr. W. S. France (gymna- sium) then gave evidenee of his muscular power by the way in which he levelled the 561 b duinh-bells and a hug 120 lb. bar-bell. The performances on the horizonta bar were very well gone through,especially the vaulting, in which J. Podrnore was certainly the best. In the high jumping some clever exploits were witnessed,tint J. Porlmore and I. Bowen out-jumped their brother gymnasts considerably. Much interest was manifested when Crosfleld's Slap Works and the Bewsey Forge team put in their appearance ta " stretch the rope " in they tug of war final. In the first heat, for a few minutes- . neither side seemed to gain the advantage until Cros- field's by a mighty effort gradually drew their opponents over the line. The second heat was not near so exciting, Crosfield's winning easily. Some apprehension was shown by friends of the Gymnasium team when their time came to gtru7ele with the victorious Crosfielders for the laurels. The first heat was won by the Soap Works team but the Gymnasts equalised in the second. This necessitated another he it in which, after a short sharp struggle the trained strength of the gymnasts told and they mused their opponents to reluctantly " toe the line." In the course of the evening, Mr. Morris men- tioned that early in To nary another display would be given, and it would be for the benefit of the conductor, Mr. J. Kinvley, who he was sure. was worthy of all consideration, .(Aoplause.) The following members of the Gymnasium took part in the working out of the programme :--111essrs. J. Podmore. G. N. Vernon, A. Vernon, F.C. Bennion, A. Dickens,W. Fletcher, H.Short, J Vernon, A. Mettram, W. Bamber. W. S. France, H. Whittle, I. Bowen, R. Corbett, J. 13ibbv. E. Gerrard, W. Robertson. A. G. Robertson and B. Podmore.

An elephant's sense of smell is so delicate that it can scent a human being at a distance of one thousand va rrlc.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
CARTER'S LITTLE R PI

Sallow Co ,nd Scl 1-I,laaacito,s promptly: and cur:, • oom SO SA to stay Qtlre('

AUTIFUL TEETH who use daily on the tooth brush a few drops of SOZODONT,

plearantest dentifrice in the world.

.nses the teetlrand spaces ,tween them as nothing else will. Sound and pearly white teeth, rosy lips, and fra.f7ant breath pnsured. _ -

--Ask for SOZODONT. 2s. Set

LIVE LLS, Small Pill. BEAUTIFuI Small Doae, for aUSmall Price. 11: • ITTLE Forty in a IVER in • Purely Voge- the • .1 table. Clea Caro Torpid Liver, Bile, bet- "lonipl,!xioa, -

mist 1. 1.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
EAItLESTOWN WESLEYAN BAND OF HOPE.

The annual festival in connection with this society took place on Saturday evening in the Wesleyan schoolroom, Earlestown. Theproceedings were initiated by a tea, at which about 150 were present. After tea a public meeting and entertain- ment was held in the upper room, over which the Rev. J. Bartley presided, supported by the Rev. J. Burrows, of Hoylake, Miss Burton and Mr. J. Graham. The report for the past year was read by the Secretary (Mr. J. Marsh) as follows:—" We have reached another milestone, as it were, in our journey, and we now stand on the threshold of another year, but before marching forward on our journey we look back on the year that is past, and mark the struggles we have had, and the difficulties with which we have had to contend and note the victory won, and the progress made. In doing so I cannot say that we are altogether satisfied with the result of the year's work, but something has been attempted, and something has been done. We trust some seed sown, may yet spring up and be seen in the days to come. When we consider the influence for good wielded by this society in the past, and how those who have passed through it are working to day for the same objects in many places and var- ious lands,and of others who have passed from their labours but whose work still continues to go on in our midst, we feel encouraged to press on and try to make our teaching more decided and definite,that the fruit of the present sowing may be finer and more plentiful in the future than that of. the past. Our object remains the same 'To save the fallen and to prevent others from falling,' but principally to protect the children from the awful havoc wrought .by drink. To this end the Society was founded and for this we are working. Since our last festival we have held 12 meetings, and enter- tainments, average attendance 182, including a public meeting following up the efforts of Temper- ance Sunday presided over by the Rev. T. R. Matthews, and addressed by Revs. E. R. Davies and J. Cottam. Once more a public enterainment on behalf of our blind brother E. Hughes, has been given by the Society, and as the result .E 5 was handed over to Bro. Hughes. At each meeting some speaker has pressed home the important truths of Temperance. The average attendance at these meetings has been 182. Another step forward has been taken during the year as follows : Arrangements have been made for the holding of a Gospel Temperance service once a month on a Wed- nesday evening. The attendance at these services so far has not been very large. We are looking forward to better things in the future. Also once a quarter' arrangements have been made for a tem- perance acldress in the Sunday School so that seed is therefore dropped and we look for the fruit. As to finances, the year was begun with the sum of 13s. 10. due to the late secretary. We have received during the year from all sources £lO 41.10 d. and spent £lO ss. 7-o.,includino: the balance owing to the late Secretary at the beginning of the year, so that you will see at the present time there is a deficit of 9ii.which will soon be a thing of the past: —(Applause). Addresses were delivered during the evening by the Chairman, Rev. J. Burrows and Miss Burton. The following programme was also sub- mitted in a pleasing manner. Part song " Gaily, gaily," choir; song, "The king's champion," Mr. J. Roberts; recitation, "Save the children," Miss E. Pearson; song," hen the tide comes in," Miss May Clare; piano solo, "Heather Bell," Master B-rtie Evans; recitation, "Take care," Miss J. Pickett ; song, ",The king's own," Mr. F. Clare; action song, "Strike of the beer jugs," choir; recitation, " Tem- perance speech in rhyme." Mr. G. Warburton; duet, "A. B. C.,' Miss May Clare aud Mr. F. Clare; song, "Flight of ages," Miss May Clare; recitation, "Down with the traffic," Master J. Eckerslev; part song, "Whatever you are, be brave, boys," choir: Miss Greenall accompanied in her usual pleasing manner. At the close a vote of thanks was accorded the Chairman and all who had taken part, on the motion of Mr. J. Tl. Graham, seconded by Mr. W. Pearson. Sunday was observed at the Wesleyan Chapel, as Temperance Sunday, when special ser- mons were preached morning and evening by the Rev. J. Burrows, of Hoylake. In the Sunday school an address was given by Q.M. Sergeant Roberts in the morning, and in the afternoon the Rev. J. Burrows presided over a meeting, and addresses were delivered by Mr. E. Weaver and Mr. W. Clare. The collections during the day amounted to .E 3 103.

WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The fortnightly meeting of this Board was held on Wednesday, at the board room of the Workhouse. There were present. Mr. Wm. Houghton, in the chair, Rev. G. F. Roberts, Messrs. S. Davies, A. J. Jolley, J. Turton, J. HouQhton, G.• Ratcliffe, W. FairclouQh, T. Mather, W. J. Shaw, .1. Kilshaw, T. Smith, A. Jolley, G. PiHine', Dr. Patterson, W. Brl'harry, J. C. Sutton (clerk), S. Sutton (deputy clerk),C. H. Ward (maqter).and H. M. Mines (super- intendent of PadgatP schools),

===== 0002601_18941201_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
SCHOOLS COMMITTEE

It was decided on the recommendation of this commit- tee to give the usual Christmas dinner to the officers and children of Padgate schools

INCREASE OF SALARIES. A lettAr vras read from the Local Government Board apnrovine: of the increasees of salaries of Mr. F. H. Anktinti. Miss M. Ward, Nurse Smale and Mr. H. M. Mines, as hindinaster. 'IESRT Ft. UNION

===== 0002601_18941201_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
THE TRANSFER OF THE CHESHIRE PARISHES TO THE RUNCORN

The Cr.Enx announced that the Local Government Board had confirmed the order of the Joint Committee of the Cheshire County Council transfering the Cheshire. parishes of Grapnenhall. Thelwall and Latchford With- out to the Runcorn Union. He said that it was very evident that. there was not sufficient reason for not con- firming the the recommendation of the Joint Committee. He could nnly say that there was a strnm.,, case made out in respect to, 'Latchford Without. They would now have to balance their accounts for the parishes, ,for the present quarter. Mr. Sutton then gave some very interesting figures regarding these ?Parishes. He said that in 1890 the rateable valne of the Lancashire townships of th,, Union was £307.299 and of the Cheshire townships £l6 394 Tn 1894,the Lancashire townships VC'er, valued at £337,851, and the Cheshire tnwnships, £16,412. It would therefore be seen that Lancashire townshipshad increased during the past four years more than double the entire value of tho Cheshire townships. It had also hen!, said that there were no paupers in those townshins, tmt this was the ease in almost all rural townships. He might mention Winwipk, which had a rateable value of more than all the Cheshire townships in question put together yet had not a single .pauper.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PARISH COUNCIL ELECTIONS

, The CLERIC suezested that the eha,irman of the Vari- OUS parish rneetinzs should he intellicrent men, who would he able to conduct the business properly. fle ORO lintrd that is far as posible c,ontests should be avoided, and thus save the worry and expense of an election. The Chairman could not he a candidate for the Parish Council. He also surrosted that as every narish required a box to hold the hooks, it would he as well to have a ballot box for the purpose, thus it would he in readiness should a noll be required. A box of that kind would only co.t 104. This concluded the business of the meeting.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATFT.

APPLF.TON PARnCITTAL COMMITTEE. —The minutes of this cornnsittee were submitted on Tuesday morning at the meeting: of the Runcorn Rural Sanitary Authority. The committee's meetin, was held at the Bridge Inn, Stockton Heath, on the 220 d ult., under the chairman- ship of Mr. Evres. The Clerk read a letter from Mr. Robert Davies in which he regretted to say that the water supply to his house had been very fitful—for , hours together—and even on Sundays there was'no water on the ground floor. He had paid £BO to bring the water to his house, and had paid the rate ever since. He therefore felt he hid a right to a supply, especially as he had been deprived of it owing to the extensions made by the waterworks of late.—lt was. resolved that a copy of the letter be forwarded to the Town Clerk of Warrington with the request that he would lay it before the Water Flornmittee.—Mr. Farrington, in his report to the committee, asked for the resolution ap- proving of thff plan of a new house proposed to be erected be Mr. Ashton Hayes at Stockton Heath he re- scinded. as he had concluded to erect two instead of one This was acceded to, and permission was granted for him to proceed with the erection of the two houses. should they he to the satisfaction of the Inspector and Mr. C. W. Davenport. An .amendment plan of a new house to be erected by Dr. Parker, at Stockton Fleath, was submitted and approved of. The committee re- commended that certificates of occupation The granted to Messrs. W. Davenport and ;I. Clarke for four houses at Stockton Heath.—The Inspector reported that there had been a stoppage in the sewer in Walton-road, Stockton Heath, and that he had had the same removed. He also reported that Creswell brook, near to the Vicarage at Stockton Heath, was in such a state as to be a nuisance, caused by the sewage from certain hous7,s in Walton In- ferior beimg emptied into it. A committee was appointed to act con-jointly with a similar committee to he ap- pointed by the Sanitary Authority. The minutes of th committee were adopted.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
Hudson's is the Soap to buy, As everybody Icnows— It qu'ckly drives the dirt away, But won't wear out the clothes !—Adv.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE

DECEMBER • FROM WARRINOTON TO a.cton Bridge-7 10, 7 35, 8 23, 10 43, 1 2, 2 35, 5 15, 35. 728. Sundays 10 15 a.m. Altcar and Hillhouse-7 12, 837, all 15,114.a315,a 40,a 6 35 :.'unlays 9 40, 2 5,8 50. a Stops if requiren. Birmingham (L & N.-W.)*30,a3 23, 7 10, 9 50, 120, 1 50,3 58, 5 15, 630, 728, 11 35. Sundays 30. 10 15, 4 20, 11 35. a Mon- days oniv. *Mondays excepted. Birmingham (Midland)-6 4. 9 59, 11 55, 12 55, 50, 5 28, 585 655 11 52. Sundays 11 45, 4 25, 515 p.m. Blackburn-2 40, 5 20. 5 45, 8 33, 9 55, 11 40. 12 35, 2 25, 3 43, 6 14, 8 47. Sundays 843. 6 0. Blackpool-5 20, 5 45, 835, 9 55, 10 0, 11 40, 12 35,1 30, 225, 3 48, 6 14, 1 17, 8 47, 10 2. Sundays 2 40, 843 60. 13ulton-5 45, 8 25, 10 0,10 40. 3 20, 3 48, 6 25, 8 11, 9 18. Sundays 740 a.m., 5 20. 7 47 p.m. Carlisle-2 40, 5 20. 5 45, 9 55, 10 0, 11 40, 2 40, 3 48. Sun- days 2 40, 3 35. Chester-* 7 42. 95, 10 23, 12 7, 12 15, 1 40, 1 52, 3 17, 422, 5 11, 6 4;7 42, 10 14, 11 32. Sundays 844, 745,11 32. Collins Green-7 10, 8 20, 10 5, 12 7, 12 35, 3 30, 3 48, 55, 6 20, 78, 9 15, 10 20. Sundays 8 43, 60. Crewe-a3 0,b3 23, 7 10, 7 35, 8 28, 950, 10 45, 12 0, 1 50, 35. 311 515 728, 8 26, 11 35. Sundays 30, 10 15, 4 20,

Id 35. aMondays excepted. bMondayti only. _ Daresbury-7 42, 9 5, 12 15, 1 52. 3 17, 5 /1, 6 4, 7 42, 10 14, Sundays 8 44, 745 p.m. Derby (Midland)-6 4, 9 11, 959, 11 55, 12,55, 4 11, 50, S 28, 555, 6 55 11.53. Sundays 11 45 a.m., 3 50, 5 15 p.m.. _

. , . Earlestou n-5 45, 710, 825, 835, 10 40, 12 35, 1 15, 3 48, 5 35, 5 45,7 8, 9 10, 10 10, 10 20. Sundays,7 40,8 35, 8 43, 60, 7 47, 9 45. *Saturdays only. 1 Edinburgh-2 40, 520. 9 55, 11 40, 12 35, 2 25, 348, 10 15, Sundays 2 40 a.m. 9 45 p.m. Fiddler's Ferry & Peulv-th -7 38, 8 25, 10 0, 11 43, 2 5, 3 20, 5 12, 6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays 8 48, 2 40. 7 50. Frodsham -7 48,9 5, 10 23, 12 15, 1 52, 3 17, 4 22, 5 11, 64 7 42, 10 14. Sundays 844 a.m.. 745 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Line,)-7 12, 756, 831,9 5, 10 50., 12 0 15, 2 10. 40, 5 29. 60, 87 5, 80, c 9 30, dlO 20, 11 39 Sun, days 90, 9 55, 11 25, 2 32, 7 30, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays only. bßuns 5 minutes later on Saturdays. cSaturdays ex- cepted. Glasgow-2 40, 520, 9 55, 11 40, 12 35. 2 40, 3 48, 10 2. Sundays 2 40, 9 45: G-olborne-5 45. 7 10, 8 35, 10 40, 12 35, 1 15* *Saturdays oaly. 3 48, 5 35. 7 17, 915 10 10. Sundays 8 43, 60. Hough Green-7 12,7 56,8 31,9 5, a 9 30, 12 0,1 5, 2 10, 40, 65,872, a 3 0, a 9 30, alo 20, Sundays 90, 11 25, 2 32. 1") 18. aSaturdays only. bßuns 5 minutes later on Saturday Sat- urdays excepted. Irlam and Cadishead (Central)-7 0, 7 55, 8 21, 70, 9 15. Sundays 8 56, 10 12. 3 17, 5 15, 7 18, 928. Latcntord-From Arpley Station-6 40, 7 22. 80,9 0, 9 58, 10 49, 12 36, 1 16, 2 38, 411,518,613,78, a 7 45, 9 13. Sundays 8 50, 3 8, 8 18. aSaturdays only. Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)--5 25, 7 10, 8 20, 8 35, 10 5, 12 7, 55,629 78, 1020. Sun Jays 6 LO, (.3 3,3 43, 328. 4 53, 60, 945. From High Level Plattorm. Liverpool (From Low Level Platforrn)-7 38, 3 25,1) 0,10 14, 11 48, 2 5, 3 20, 5 12, 6 17, 30, 48. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 7 50, Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-a4 35, 530, 7 12, 7 to, 8 31, 350, 95, 950, 1024, 10 30, 1050, 11 50, 120. 12 50, 12 57, 1 5,1 41. 1 50. 2 10, 2 50, 3 32, 3 50, 40, 4 50, 5 29, 551, 3 18, 6 50,7 12,7 50, 80,8 50,9 6, 9 18.10 15110 45, alllo, 1139, Sundays 435, 530, 90, 9 55, 11 25, 220, 232, 7 10, 8 30, 9 18, 10 18, 10 33. al3xcept Mondays. London (L. & N.-W.)-a3 0,83 23. 7 10,9 50,J0_45,12 0,1 48,

150, 3 55, ‘5 15, 6 30, 11 35. Sundays 60, 10 15, 420, 11 35. aMondays excepted. bMondays only. London (Midland)-6 14. 9 59, 1139, 12 55, 3 20, 50, 11 5,3, Sundays 11 45 a.m., 4 25 p.m. Lymna-6 20,7 22, 80, 9 0, 9 58, 10 49, 12 36, 1 16, 2 33, 4 11, 5 18. 613, 78, a 7 45, 9 13. Sundays 850, 38, 8 18. aSatutdays only. From Arpley Station. Manchester (L. et N.-WO-2 45, 8 25, 9 19, 10 40, 12 14, 20, 320, 421, 65, 717, 98, 1920. Sundays 245 a.m., 50, 60, 7 47, aMondays only. From High Level Platform. Manchester (From Bank Quay Low Level Platform)-*6 20, 7 20, 7 55, 857, 9 55„10,46, 1 14, 2 35, 4 9, 6 10, 7 5, 9 10, 11 40. Sundays 8 46, 3 5. 8 15, 11 40. *From Arpley Station. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 7 55, 8 21, 8 55, 91, 9 55, 10 55, 11 25, 11 55, 1255, 155, 255. 3 55, 4 55, 5 55, 6 55, 7 0, 7 55, 8 12, 8 55, 9 15, 55, alo 0, all 10, 11 50. Sundays 56, 9 37, 10 12, 35, 317, 515, 718, 8 55, 9 22, 9 35, 100. Saturdays only. Middlewich-7 35, 10 45. 2 35, E. 35, 7 28. Moore-7 35, 1 50, 2 35, 5 35, 7 28. Sundays 10 15 a.m. Newton-le-Willows-2 45, 5 45, 7 10, S 35, 9 19, 10 0, 10 40, 12 14, 12 35. 3 20, 3 43, 4 21, 5 35, 6 25, 717, 8 11, 9 18, 10 10,10 20. Sundays 2 45, 740, 8 43, 3 35, 5 0,6 0, 7 47, 8 58, 945 Padgate-7 0, 755, 8 21, 10 27, 11 0,12 27, 1 44' 2 17, 3 55, 528, '1 0, 812. 9 15. Sundays 856 10 12, 3 50, 5 15, 9 35. Preston-2 40. 5 20, 5 45, 8 35, 9 55, 10 0, 11 40, 12 35, 2 25, 3 48,6 14, 7 17, 847, 102. Sundays 240, 8 43. 3 35, 60, 9 45. Runcorn-7 38, 8 25, 100, 11 48, 25, 3 20, 5 12, 6 17, 80 Sanke,v (for Penketh)-7 56, 95, 105, 11 0, 12 0,1 5 210,258,40, 5 29, a 6 10. 7 12, 80, a 9 30, 510 20,1045. Sun, days 90, 11 25, 2 32, 9 18. aSaturdays excepted. bSatur, days only. (C.L.C.) Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line (commenced Juae 25)-8 55. 10 55.1227, 155, 46, 6 55. Sundays 5 5 p.m, St. Helens-5 25, 7 10, 8 20, 835, 10 5, 12 7, 12 35, 3 30, 55, 6 20, 78, 9 15, 10 20. Sundays 8 35, 8 43, 60, 9 45. Southport (Cheshire Lines)-.? 12, 8 37, a 9 30, 11 15. 1 14, 3 15, 40, 53. 6 5,7 2,9 10, Sundays 9 36, 2 5, 8 50, aSaturdays only. Thelwall-6 20, 7 22, 8 0, 9 0, 9 58, 10 49,12 35,1 16,2 38,4 11, 518, 613. 78. a 7 45,9 13. Sundays, 8 50, 38, 8 13. a Satur- days only. From Arpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Lines) -.755, 9 5, 10 5, 11 0, 120, 1 5, 2 10, 258, 40, 529, 6 10, 712, b 8 0. 9 10, a 9 30, 510 20. Sun- ' days 90, 9 36, 2 32.9 18, aSaturdays excepted. b6aturdays only. Widnes (L. and N.-W-) -7 33, 8 25, 10 0, 1014, 11 48, 2 5, 320, 5 12,6 17, 80, 943. Sundays. 8 48. 2 40. 7 50. Wigan-2 40, 5 2). 5 45, 7 10, 8 35, 9 55, 11 40, 12 35, 1 15. 1 31,2 25. 3 48, 5 35, 6 14, 8 47, 10 2. Sundays 2 40, 8 43, 3-35, 6 0, 9 45

===== 0002601_18941201_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
TO WARRINGTON FROM

Acton Bridge-6 39, 7 45. 8 52, 11 40, 37, 4 36, 6 44, 829 Sundays 753, 432. Altcar and Hillhouse-9 14, 1 16, 7 18, 8 24, 949. Sundays 9 20, 2 26, 8 22. Birmingham (L. & N.-W.)-3 10, 60, 7 20, 9 0, 11 30, 12 15, 3 40, 5 50, 1 25, 1115. Sundays 3 10, 12 15, 70. Birmingham ( Midland)-6 4, 8 50, 9 59, 11 30, 12 55, 2 40, 50 6 55, bll 53. Sundays 4 30, a.m., 4 20, 12 55. bExcept Mondays. Blackburn-8 30, 8 50, 10 55,12 45, 24, 3 13,6 30, 755, 10 15. Sundays 8 0, 5 40, Blackpool (Talbot 11..aa0)-8 12, 8 45, 9 55, 105, 11 40. 1 20, 2 20,3 15, 5 15,7 10, 8 35, 10 0. Sundays 7 40, 1 35, 5 15, 8 40. B146;130°1 (Central)-80, 8 27. 855, 9 55, 10 10, 20, 2 50, 4 45, 6 55, 8 15. Sundays 7 10, 120, 4 55, 8 50. Tiolton--5 45, 8 0, 9 15, 10 35. 12 35, 2 20, 4 15, 513, 5 55, 8 30. Sundays 6 10, 920 p.m. Carlisle-12 5, 6 50, 8 40, 9 30, 12 34, 1 40, 4 22, 5 33, 841. Sundays 12 5 a.m.. 8 41. 12 10 p.m. (Jhester-2 0, 7 25, 8 45, 9 40, 10 12, 11 5, 11 40. 1 25, 2 10, 2 50, 3 45, 530, 6 35. 7 35, 8 35, Sundays 20. 6 30, a.m., 6 50 p.m., Collins Green-6 39, 7 16, 8 42, 10 9, 12 36, 14, 1 43, 2 le, 3 10, 5 28, 6 23, 7 47, 9 16, 10 46. Sundays 81 . 7 15. Crewe-2 3, 4 42,6 0, 8 13. 9 2), 116, 11 10, 1 50, 2 35, 5 40, 65.8 5. 9 20. Sundays 23, 4 42, 7 10, 2 40. 40, 9 12. Daresbury-8 16. 10 17, 11 43, 2 47, 5 42, 8 13. Sundays 721, 737 p.m. Derby-8 15, 10 20. 1 10, 35, 40, 4 45, 70,8 3, al2 35, 3 33. Sundays 12 35. 7 30 a.m., 6 18, 6 50, 3 33.p.m. alixcept Mondays. Earlesto, n-6 55, 7 30, 842, 924 10 9, 11 23, 11 52, 12 45, 1 6, 1 33. 3 20, 58, 5 20, 5 53, 6 iO, 838, 912, 120. Sundays 8 34, 9 52, 10 3, 4 0, 7 18, 7 23. Edinburgh-10 20, 20. 60. 9 10. Sundays 60, 9 10. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 12, 9 5.9 43, 12 24, 2 17. 3 27 67,6 2. 6 54, 8 57. Sundays 8 32. 2 57, 87. Frodsham-7 55, 93, 102, 11 27, 232, 4 7, 5 27, 6 57, 757 Sundays 6 59, 7 16 p m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-5 44, 6 27, 7 50, 8 56, 9 .50. 1040, 125, 12 56. 2 13, 4 20, 4 56. 59, 556, 657,93, 1121. Sun- days 8 23, 9 10, 2 40, 3 17, 442, 651, 854. Glasgow-1010, 20, 555, 95. Sundays 550, 95. Golborne-6 44, 8 26. 1022, 1228, 2 41, 535, 820, 91, 10 42. Sundays 9 40, 75. Hough Green-6 40. 83, 8 25,9 6, 10 3, 19, 1 54, 2 24, 510 g 23, 67, 7 11, 9 18, 11 35. Sundays 837. 9 20, 3 31, 4 55, 9 10

Irlam and Cadishead (Central)-7 38, 9 56, 12 55, 54, 8 52, 11 20. Sundays 10 53, 6 55, 8 35. 10 0. Latchford-8 13. 8 40, 932 10 6, 11 17, 120. al 45. 2 13, 30, 4 22, b 5 41, 6 7,6 49, 749, 942, 1127. Sundays 833 2 33, 7 33. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Liverpool (via Earlestown)-a2 .55. 60,. 8 0, 9 20, 11 50, 1 30, 30, 4 30, 5 35, 75. 8 35, 10 5, .*ll 15. Sundays 7 30, 6 30. 8 40. aMondays only. *Saturdays only. Via Widnes-6 25,8 20, 9 5,1 55, 12 20, 1 30, 2 40, 3 35, 4 23, 5 20, 8 10. 10 45. Sutoays 7 45, 210 7 20, 10 45. Liverpool (Central)-5 35, 6 10, 7 30, 8 30, 8 45, 9 30, 935, 9 38, 10 30, 11 30. 11 55, 12 30, 12 35, 1 0, 1 30, 1 50, 20, 30, 345, 430, 440, 450, 530, 536, 630,635,730,80, 30, 8 40, 9 35, alo 45, 11 0, 11 30. Sundays 8 0, 9 0, 2 30. 2 55, 4 20, 6 30, 8 30, 9 30. aMondays and Saturd lys only. London, (L. Sc N.-W.)-5 15, 6 0, 7 15, 10 10, 2 10, 2 15, 4 10. 5 30,100, 12 0. Sundays 10 0 a.m.. 50, 10 0, 12 0. London (Midland) -5 15, 10 5, 12 0, 20, 40, 5 1,, a 9 15, 12,0. Sundays 3 15, 12 0. a except Mondays Lymm-8 5, 832, 9 23, 9 58, 11 9. 1 11, a 137. 2 5. 2 50, 4 14, b 5 33, 552 6 41, 7 41, 9 33, 11 19. Sundays 825, 2 25, 7 25. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Manchester (L. & N.-W.)-6 0, 70, 85, 9 40, 11 25, 5, 2 35, 3 d 5, 4 25, 5 10, 7 5, 9 20, 1040. Sundays 8 0, 6 0. 1640. From Exchange. Manchester (London-roacl)-7 15, 750, 9 25, 1035, 12 35, 1 5,* 20. 3 40, b 5 5, 5 20, 6 5, 7 5, 8 55, 10 45. Sundays 7 40, 1 40, 6 40. bSaturdays excepted. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-5 48, 7 20, 8 30, a 9 5, 9 30, 935, 1030, 1045. 1130. 12 30, 12 45, 1 30, 2 30, 3 30, 4 30, 4 47,5 30, 5 45,6 30,6 38, 730, 8 30,8 33,9 55, alo 50,11 0. Sun- days 8 30, 9 15, 9 30, 10 40. 1 40, 2 0 2 5, 6 35, 8 15, 9 40. aMon- days tuld Saturdays only. Middlewich-6 58 11 37, 2 42, 61. Moore-7 0,9 6, 11 55, 3 20. 450, 657. Sundays 8 15, 4 43. Newton-le-Willows.-6 47, 655. 7 30. 8 42, 924, 10 9. 11 23, 11 52, 12 45, 1 6 cl 23, 1 30, 3 4, 4 7. 4 53 5 5. 5 49, 627, 730. 8 35, 9 9 955, 118. Sundlys 830, 949. 10 10. 3 55, 7 15, 7 20, 11 5. cSaturclays only. Padgate-7 51, 8 26, 90. 106. 19, 25, 6 57, 9 16. Sun- days 8 53, 11 20. 2 27. 9 12, 10 13. Preston-a 2 11. 52 36. 5 50. 95, 9 39, 11 15, 11 28, 1 0, 3 10, 4 25, 6 45.c7 40.7 59, 9 35, 10 47. Sundays 2 11, 8 35, 3 15, 6 12, 1047. 52 36. aMondays excepted. bMonday mornings only. cSaturclaysand Mon,. ays only. Runcorn-8 39, 9 19, 10 23, 12 2, 1 30, 2 56, 4 40, 5 40, 629,756 Sankey for Penketh)-6 51. 8 14 8 41, 924, 10 19, 11 24. 12 36,1 38.2 40. 3 44, 4 35.5 21, 5 40, 6 22, 7 26, 9 34. Sundays 849, 3 43. 57, 9 15, 923, (0.1.. C. Sheffield (Midland) via Chinley an i Dore Line (emnmenced June 25)-11 0, 20, 4 5565 . Sunday, 8 15. St. Helens-6 25, 70, 8 28, 9 18, 9 55,11 15,125. 12 53, 1 30, 1 55, 255. 4 45, 5 15, 610, 720, 90, 10 30, *ll 20. Sundays 7 40, 9 35, 6 55, 95. *Saturiays only. Southport (Lord Street) -8 10, 10 20. 11 25, 10. 2 15, 2 50, 3 50, 0, 85,a9 0. 9 35. Sundays 90,25, 8 O. aSatm- days only. Thelwall-8 9. 836, 928, 10 2, 11 13, 115, al4l, 29, 255, 4 18, b 5 37, 63, 6 45, 745, 9 37, 11 23. Sundays 8 29, 2 29, 7 29. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. s. Widnes (L. & N.-W.)-7 5, 8 56, 9 33,10 33, 12 16,12 58,210 i 20, 40,5 0, 5 55, 6 46, 3 50, 11 6. Sundays 824. 2 50, 7 59, 11 C. Widnes (Cheshire Lines)-8 30.9 16, 10 9, 11 12, 12 25. 127. 2 39, 3 35, 4 25, 5 29, 6 12, 7 16, 7 56. 9 25. Sundays 842. 336, 5 0 9 7,9 20. Wigan-2 41, 35, 633, 8 15. 9 31, 10 10. 11 23, 1215, 1 28, 3u, 3 38, 454,6 10, a 8 5,8 10, 8 52, 1030. Sundays 2 41, 9 30, 40, 6 55, 1113. aßuns from July 14th. to August 27th.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LATEST STEAM MAN.

A" steam man" is the latest American novelty. The inventor, Professor George Moore,' of Scotch, English, Irish, and Dutch extraction, according to an American authority,made a similanapparatus with partial success a number ot years ago, but his present venture is larger and intended to draw a waggon. The figure, 61t. high, is encased in metal, and looks like a knight in mediseval armour, with helmet and visor, smoking a cigar. The cigar, however, is an escape pipe, and the plumes on the helmet veil the top of the chimney. The furnace and boiler are contained inside the trunk, and the moving mechanism in the rest of the body. The man walks briskly at a pace of four or five miles an hour.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The fortnightly meeting of this board was held at Dutton Workhouse on Tuesday. Mr. Mclntyre occupied the chair, and there were also present : Rev. J. W. N. Tanner, Dr. Gastaldi, Messrs. J. Knowles, C. T. Whitley, S. Woodward, J. Weir, T. Lewis, E. Aaron, J. Stokes, W. Ellison, 11. E. Hey- wood, J. Brandreth, C. W. Davenport, J. Pickering, W. Turner, J. Whitlow, J. Baguley, E. Bratherton, J. Priestner, S. Horton, D. H. Jones, S. Yarwood, T. Lea, T. Handley, J.P.' A. R. Norman, and J.L.Jones. J. Ashton (clerk), G. Ashton (deputy clerk).

===== 0002601_18941201_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
TH2 TRANSFERENCE OF CHESHIRE PARISHES.

The Local Government Board writing on the 15th ult. stated that they had had under their consideration the report ot the inquiry held regarding the order of the Joint Committee ot the Lancaster and Chester County Councils, providing for the transfer of the townships of Latchford Without, Grappenhall, and: Thelwall, from the Warrington Union ana Rural Sanitary district to the Runcorn Union and Rural Sanitary district. The Board had arrived at the conclusion that no sufficient grounds exist for their refusing to confirm the order in question. The Board would therefore proceed to con- firm the order with such modifications as they might deem necessary for conveying its objects into effect.— The Clerk read the order conferring the transfer.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
THE VACANT SCHOOLMASTERSHIP

The Clerk read letters from Mr. Andrew Nord, of the Liverpool Industrial Schools, applying for the vacant situation of schoolmaster, at the Union schools, and also from Mr. Harry Allison, last from the North Lancashire Reformatory, Garstang. The two candidates were called into the room and ultimately the beard decided to appoint Mr. Allison. AN INCREASE OF SALARY.

In accordance with notice of motion Mr. Heywood proposed that Mr. de Prez's salary be increased from £75 a year to £lOO. He said the committee had unani- mously decided to grant the increase of salary, and he also alluced to Mr. de Prtz's extensive district.—Mr. Owen sec,inded the motion.—Mr. Pritchard, in moving an amendment that the matter be adjourned until the new district council be formed, stated that it was not a time for raising salaries.—Mr. Horton seconded the amendment.—A long discussion took place in which Messrs. Lea, Stokes, Jones, Brandreth and Heywood took part, and it was ultimately decided by 13 votes to 12 to grant the increase of salary.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
APPOINTING AN ASSESSOR.

Mr. Knowles proposed, on the recommendation of the Assessment Committee, that Mr. Owen, surveyor, of Warrington, be appointed to value the works of Messrs. Ebenevr Timmins and Sons, Limited, and of the Aus- tralian Alum Company, Limited, both of Runcorn, for the purp)se of the assessment thereof.—Mr. Jones wished to know who did similar work before.—The Chairman said the late Mr. Linaker.—On being asked as to whether the committee were unanimous in their recommendation, the Chairman said that two names were before the committee, but they decided upon Mr. Owen. The committee's decision was confirmed. There was no other business of public interest. THE ATTENDANCE OF MEMBERS

The following are the attendance of members at the meetings of the guardians :-Revs. J. W. N. Tanner 14, Dr. Gastaldi 11, J. Hanby 8, Messrs. Jenkins 0, Green- way 1, Kuowles 114 Davenport 7, Parkinson 1, Jackson 0, Mclntyre 17, Stokes 9, J. Whitlow 4, Baxter Williams 13, Heywood 17, Lewis 17, Parr 3, Brandreth 17, Broome 4, Woodward 16, Edison I, Horton 1, J. L. .Jones 5, Bratherton 6, Hall 0, Pickering 6, J. W. Bagu- ley 9, W. Whitlow 6, Handley 11, D. H. Jones 7, Lea 10, Norman 12, Taylor 8, Yarwlod 14, Whitley 16, Bate 0, Weir 11, Turner 4, Aaron 15, Ford 0, Mounfield 2, and Priestner 5.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL SANITARY

AUTHORITY.

A meeting of this authority was held in Dutton Workhouse on 'Tuesday. Mr. Mclntyre occupied the chair and there were also present: Rev. J.W.N. Tanner, Messrs. J. Knowles, C. T. Whitely, S. Wood- ward, J. Weir, T. Lewis, E. Aaron, J. Stoke, W. Ellison, H. E. Heywood, J. Brandreth, C. W. Daven- port,J.Pickering, W. Turner, J. Baguley, E. Brather- ton, J. Priestner, S. Horton, A. Broome, J. Ashton •(clerk) G. Ashton (ftssistant clerk), J. Farrington (nuisance inspector.) THE MEDICAL OFFICER'S REPORT.

Dr. Adams submitted a report stating that, in accord- ance with their tf?:irection, he had again inspected in company. with the Halton Parochial Committee, the Halton Brook, and the sewerage scheme which drained into it, and was of the opinion that an extension of the existiug system by the addition of another intercepting tank, would meet the requirements of the Pullution of Rivers (Prevention) Act, such addition to be accom- panied ith proper provision for emptying the tanks, and efficient supervision by a responsible person. There was only one fresh case of scarlet fever at Kingsley since the closing af the schools. One fresh case of scarlet fever had occurred at Norley. No fresh cases of the tame ciisf ase had occurred at Weston or Weston Point. The report was adopted.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
ISOLATION HOSPITALS.

Mr. Potts wrote, stating that hie Public Health Com- mittee had requested the county medical officer of health to report as to the existing isolation hospitals; and as they conEldered that no delay should take place in put- ting the Act into operation they had instructed him to bring tbe matter under the notice cf the various rural and urban sanitary authorities in the county with a request that they will take the Act into their early con- sideration, and be prepared to consult with his Commit- tQe early in the coming year as to the hospitals which should be established to supply the wants of the county. He would be obliged by the Clerk submitting the corn munication by his Authority at an early date.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SMALL-PDX HOSPITAL AGAIN.

Mr. Heyviood moved that the smallpox hospital at Moore be taken for the further period of one year frorr the 31st December next at a rent at the rate of £2O per annum, subject to the tenancy being determined at an earlier date in the event of the Ship Canal Company re- quiring the land, by their giving to the Authority one month's notice in writing to determine the same. In doing so Mr. Heywood read letters to the effect that the statement previously reported that Mr. Evans,the agent for Sir R. Brookes, had offered £2O per annum for the hospital was not correct.—Mr. Aaron seconded the motion.—Mr. Brand reth was of the opinion that the authority should not pay the amount named, stating that is sas owing to the Ship Canal Company that small- pox was brought into the district. He moved that a deputation.consisting of the Clerk, the Chairman, and Mr. Brandreth, and Mr. Williams, wait upon the Ship Canal Company and lay the whole matter before them. The amendment on being put to the meeting was carried only the proposer and seconder of the original motion voting against it.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
THE ATTNIMANCE OF MEMBERS.

The following attenciarces of members were read by the Cork. [he highest possible number of attendances that could be made was 17. Rev. J. W. N. Tarrner 13, Messrs. Knowles 11, Davenport 7, Parkinson 1 . Jackson Mclntyrs 17, Stokes 9, whitlow 4, Baxter 7, J. M. William,. 13, James Lewis 17, James Handley 8, James Parr 3, T. Brandreth 17, Broome 1, Woodward 16,E1lison 1, Horton 1, J. L. Jones 4. Bratherton 5, Hall 0, Joseph Pickering 6. J. W. Baguley 5, Wm. Whitlow 6, Whitley 26, Bate 0, Weir 12, Turner 4, Aaron 15, Ford 0, Moun- teld 2, Priestner 5, Jenkins 0, and Greenway 0.

FECT

===== 0002601_18941201_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
NUISANCES.

Mr. Farrington (inspector) reported certain nuisances eristing in the township of Kingsley, and the usual or- ders for the abatement thereof were given.

This was all the business.

Sue..den changes of temperature are trying even to the strong persons. To the weak they mean nines, cind 'death unless the system is properly nourished. Scot I's MIMI Bion of Cod Liver Oil, with hypophosphites, nahles tte system to withstand the attacks of the weather. Coughs and cobie are speedly cured by its use. Physicians, the world over, en- dors,, it. Chemists sell it. 28. 6d. and 43. 6.1.—(1,)

" C A.DBrItY'• Coo )s has in a remarkable degree tho.e natural (-lam te of su,terwtice which give the system ndurance an., lie lihood, building up muscle and bodily vigour with a ,dy action th,t renders it a most reliable ad acceptable beyetage."—Health. WORTH KNOWING.—WOODEND'S FAMOUS NINE OILS, is boon to sufferers and bets like magic in all cases of Itr:HUMATISM, t•PIiAtNS, BRUISES, and STIFF JOINTS. Pri is. 4d. ter bottle. carriage paid.—J.WoonEND. chemist 92 Pitt-street. Liverpool.—Advt.

SOVEREIGN REMEDIES F3R SKIN ERUPTIONS To Cure Eczema, Skin RN • Eruptions, Irritation Pun- pies. Blotches. Ulcerated Bad Legs and Sores, une Cl LLW ICK'S Y OINTMENT A Nil

r BLOOD ABLETS.

WORLD-WID 11 NE PUTA.TION.

Either o:ntment or Tablets. IF. I id., front all Chrinists ; post five is. 3d., from MAItTIN. liliemist, South,mpton. BOolli, Cash Cho mibts, Warriugt..at. Agents SYHAXMAN 27,13ficigh-st., Runeora.

WILKINSON'S SPECIAL ELIX

THE SOLICITOR- GENERAL ON

BETTING.

• At the annual dinner of the Gimcrack Club. at York, on Tuesday night, the Soliciter-General (Mr. Frank Lockwood, Q.C.), proposed the toast " The stewards and members of the Jockey Club." He said it was legal in this country to make a bet. An Act had been passed declaring that it was legal under certain conditions to make bets. There was acme doubt as to the conditions under which betting was illegal ; but when that doubt had been cleared up he was confident that no body of men would be more anxious to uphold the law than the stewards of the Jockey Club. There was a widespread mama for gambling, and it had a bad effect on sport,but he protested against racing, our national E port, being told responsible for all the evils attendant upon gam- bling. It was as unreasonable to hold racing responsible for all the evils of gambling as to • hold the stock ex- chance responsible for the system of bucket shops.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
- _ • = _ • - . -

111111111111 h

- ,

===== 0002601_18941201_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
ROMAN- F [TES.

At the fete of 100 days given by Titus in the year 80, 5,000 swag, beasts of various kinds were shown in one ddy, and at the spectacle given by Trajan, which lasted four months, no less than 11,000 animals were exhibited. Never (says the "Cornhill Magizine") was there such a splendid opportunity for the naturalist and the anatom- ist. The imperial menageries were, as might he expected, extraordinarily rich in rare creatures, and would quite have thrown our modern Zoological Gardens into the shade. The cost of the keep of so many carnivorous animals was enormous, and Caligula, in time of dearth, seriously considered Use advisability of using criminals as fodder for his savage pets. The necessities of trans- port gave a wonderful stimulus to certain trades. The smiths and carpenters were kept hard at work making strong cages, while innumerable traps and lassoes had to be provided for the hunters who were employed in all parts of the world to take ferocious beasts alive. In spite of anxious care and vast expense, many were the dis- appointments caused by the non•arrival of eagerly expected living cargoes, owing to storms and contrary winds. During the long voyages and the interminable journeys overland, when the heavy cages were dragged by slow bullocks, many of the animals died, and others arrived in so pitiable a plight that they were quite in- capable of "showing fight." The animals were usually introduced into the arena ornamented with variegated scarves, metal plaques, gold leal,and tinsel. They were Ills) painted in gaudy colours. Bulls were painted white, sheep purple, Dstriches vermilion, and the lions had their manes gilded. The creatures were excited to fight by means of whips and darts, and sometimes two of different species were tied together until,frantic with rage, the tore each other to pieces. Curious and un- natural contests were arranged, buffaloes being set to :lent with bears, lions with giraffes, arid tigers with rhinocers,ses.Chasseurs, with English or Scotch hounds, fc tight the most savage beasts, and a distinguished champion eculd kll a bear with a blow of his fist, or vanquish a lion after blinding him by throwing a cloth over his eyes. Die 11,eman anniial trainers must have been men of extraordinary genius, and would certainly 1,,,ve put our modern trainers to the blush. We hear of Julius Cie-as being lighted to his house by elephants carrying torches in their trunks,and Mark Antony being drawn through the streets by lions harnessed to his chariot. Unwieldy bulls learned to walk on their. hind legs ; s,aes were trained to obey the bit, and panthers to bear the yoke. Peaceahle antelopes were taught to figl7t, with their horn7.l ad -fierce dogs were rendered as docile as dogs.

nNE CASE OF ARMY AND NAVY MEDICINES contains sufficient to cure Contagious Diseases of a certain class (internal end external). Price 4s. 6d. Single Bottles of 111 ! 2s. 9d. Only o! HOPE, oerative Chemist . Methuen). 332, Dvins7.at., NT,rw:i.ster. Advirte free

===== 0002601_18941201_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
TTF I,'N A MINE !, SAI UR I) DECEMBER 1, 1 ' '4.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
[ A D.A M E F.RAIN'S FAMOUS FEMALE MIX The most powerful and effetive on earth. For the most (,bstluate eases. Will not injur, the most delicate. Yrice 78 ert (Strongest us bottle). Post free ed e.r.tra. HERBAL INSTITUTE, ia, HACKNEY-ROAD, (f,icing Shorelitch Church), I ONDON,'N.M. Send at once stamped dlr., cte., envelope for oartinulars anus proofs. I wit; forfeit £,OO tor ov,ry t.ftimordal thrit is nof genuine, r.fli they can be seen at auy time. and sold by all

===== 0002601_18941201_art0104.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
h • • • • •

- -

===== 0002601_18941201_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
Manufactured only at, 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONDON.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
: r F. ...-trktp„Nso w-u a.,sT i 5 it* eit t,tt ; r

W ITH a prudent use, has save.l many a life ; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and re,luced to a more simple form. Take come good Compound such as

COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but

COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set, down as the best.—Observer.

FREE FROM MERCURY.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD

MAE'S

%, C '' 1 ' I. M 'Ct IT A I :.• :, N., i . ' ,4 1. T .• , . , P V . . t. ~ IT, 7 , L.,,,, $,, al . %, ii,..5,.. ' .4,:tw..i.' ,ri

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

For irr"r ITv r:7i r, • 7-‘, -- • - . sikr Nfto, •••• -ore .... an. •t • •

Esre.sz.ciaQn 18,L

BIRKBECK BANK.

Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane, Lolido, TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEREST allowed DEPOSITS, repayable on demand. TWO per CENT. on CURRENT ACCOUNTS. on minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below £IC.:. STOCKS, SHARES, and ANNUITIES purcna.sed and SAYINGS DEPARTMENT

For the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receives emallsum on deposit, and allows Interest monthly on each core plettd 2

BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY 110 W TO PURCHASE A HOUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH.

BIRKBECK FREEHOLD AND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASH A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH.

'The BIRKBECK ALMANACK, with full particulars, post fre FRANCIS RAVENSCROFT, Manager. WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0108.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- - _______

LI

===== 0002601_18941201_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
40;1 E ,r-i 4 ...„. -,......, ~' PDT LS '4 kao:

7011 ALT.

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS,

SUCH AS SICK HEADACHE

CONSTIPATION,

WEAK STOMACH,

IMPAIRED DIGESTION,

===== 0002601_18941201_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
DISORDERED LIVER

and FEMALE AILMENTS.

ANNUAL SALE, SIX MILLION BOXES.

In Boxes, 91(1., is. 111., :Ind 2s. 9.1. elch, with full directions. The ls. I),d. Box cc_ '-ains 56 Pi:1:.

FREPARED ONLY BY THE PI{OPRIETOR-

THOMAS BEECijANI, C)t. elens, La;lzash;re.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
BEEcllAkrs rtiogni P;TITI

. . EFFICACIOUS—ECONoMICAL— . CLEANSES THE TEETH—pEIIFUMES THE BREATiL In Collapsible Tubes, (if all Druggists, cr from the - Proprietors. f,,,r ls., post-paio..

===== 0002601_18941201_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES!

DR. LIDINGTON'S NEW MEDICAL DISCOVERY for married or single women is positively the safest and most successful method known for removing all Irregularities and Obstructions no matter how caused r long standing, no nauseous pills, powders, mixtures or any other useless stomach medicine to take. Failure impossible under this treatment. Sufferers may obtain particulars free ot charge by sending stamped addressed envelope to Dr. LIDINGTON. 46 Southampton Buildings, Holborn. London.

25 YEARS' GOOD CHARACTER. This month of November, '94, completes our first Quar- ter of a Century's service as Tea Traders to the People of the North. This long service is the best possible proof that we have done our duty to the Public.

And the fact that we have acid more Tea in this last year than we ever sold i any previous twelvemonth is. the surest guarantee that we are giving and shall con- tinue to give The Peop;e the utmost possiole value for their hard-earned money.

The Masses believe in our Tea simply because they -I have proved it, for five and twenty years, to be always. the very best they can buy at the price.

And it's so easy to get, and velem) so certain to get it good, too, for our AGENTS EVERYWHERE sell exactly the same Tea in sealed Pardrets at precisely the same" prices as at o,:r Head-quarters. All Peop:e and all Purses are suited at 1/-, 1/2, 1/4, 1/8, 2/-. 2/4, and 2/8 a lb.

BROOKE. BOND Sr. CO LIMITED.

THE LANCASHIRE TEA WAREHOUSES-

17, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER 29, MARKET STREET,

LADIES,

THIS IS FOR YOU TO READ. THE most WONDERFUL REMEDY in the I WORLD for all IkREGULAkITIES and OBSTRUC- TIONS, however obstinate. SUCCESS CERTAIN— FAILURE IMPOSSIBLE. This is a genuine and TRUST- WORTHY :,Pt CIALITY. The most EFFECT UAL remedy in the WORLD. IMPORT ANT Particulars on receipt of stamped addressed envelope. W. E. DUPRFZ, No. 60 BOTANIC INSTITUTE, St. PAUL'S ROAD, ISLINGION, LONDON N. EXCELS ALL OTHERS; NOTHING CAN RBSIST A GOLDEN REMEDY FOIL

===== 0002601_18941201_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES.

TO LADIES I

THE GREAT INDIAN FEMALE MEDICINE, was dis- covered by a married Lady during her travels in the Far East, who has never known it to tail in rernaving the worst eases of Irregularity or Obstruction in two ho,rs, even after all other remedies fail, nothing can possibly resist the action of-this extra* dinary preparation, wh,ch is almost instantane- ous in its effect. Ladies will avoid much expense, illness. Worry.and cruel bitter disappointment by having this remedy at once. Sent secure from observation for 4s. rs. BAR RINGTON, 4, Featherstone-buildings, London. W.C.

y ADI KM ALE IRREGULARIT lES mad OBSTitUCTIONS.—Ths DIFFICULTY SOLVED AT LAST.—A lady having Tried in Vain Every Advertised Remedy. has :it last. diseovered a SIMPLE MEANS of SELF- CURB. par',iculars of which she will forward FREE OF CHARGICt o Her Poor Suffering Sex on receipt of stamped addressed envelope. Send at once, and waste no more time and money upon Worthless Pills. Mixtures, and other So- called Remedies of this class, which case pain, sickness, and injury to the system without having the necessary effict.— Write, with full hope and confidence, to Mrs. ST. CLAIR, 46, Southampton Buildings, Chancery-lane. London. W.C.

• Ir o,‘ 1. ,

===== 0002601_18941201_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
FATNESS

• FAT PEOPLE MADE THIN. Dr.CAMERON'S OBESITINE PILLS are a afe and pleosant cure ; sent free from ibservation on receipt of P.O. for 2s. 6. marvellous means of reducing excessive fat and improving the complexion. "—E. CAMEhON, 33, Imperial Mansions, Oxford don.

WOODS' PATENT GALVANISED STEEL WIRE MATTRESSES, Persian Bedsteads complete, teen carrying DNB TON. We Challenge Itai other Wirehiattreig to stand this Test it But it ti ever r: guired q—.area if. to,/ Certainly not. Hitherto the agalmt the LIE(' of ..attresnes has boccia . ataetelied et' a tilivt, -deli was true. We give.this severe test ft pi Urs will not 9tret4;). If tl:ey do within 5 years wewill replace with new ones. To be had from THOMAS StiitUN. Salt Booms, Letei Street: TT-1E LONGFORD WI RR Co Lim!:'ON,

TOWLE'S PENNYROYAL & KrE ni. gt. rsB. for Ft-males, cptieltly correct. all irtegitlarities, remove all obstructioas, and relleve*the distressing avmptorn so preva- lent with the sex. Boxes Is 10. and 2s: S&o lI che =Ws sentsnywhere on'reor4p, of 15 or 34 stamp yth rn:slter•lt T. TOWLE. Cliemiet. NottiOLhan • •

With French and i0.1035--French. -11.01111111111011 2.6 1111110 Il- • 011111111511, . - , ' r • - .$l. in 11111111 , - .rt • Nt- they f. L)IV that

===== 0002601_18941201_art0115.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Strt

===== 0002601_18941201_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
THERE ARE PLASTERS AND PLASTERS.

DR. PYNAR'S

AMERICAN PINE PLASTERS. ARE MARVELLOUS AND RELIABLE. If you are troubled with Indigestion, Wind. or Sick- ness. DON'T TAKE MEDICINE. TRY PYNAR'S PINE -PLASTER, the mos Wonderful Cure for Back Ache, Side iche. Rheumatism. Lumbago, Sciatica; inf2t. the very worst Aches or Pains. IHEY ACT LIKE MAGIC. Ar Oratttul, Comforting. Stimulating, AND &RACE UP TEIE WHOLE SYSTEM. Astonishing Testimonials from all Classes. SUFFERERS FROM ASTHMA SHOULD TRY THESE WONDERFUL PLASTERS. DON'T H &SIT ATE. TRY THIS WONDERFUL REMEDY AT ONCE. If your Chemist has not got it, sent Post Free for 91d. by the Proprietors, LAWRENCE, AND CO., CHEMISTS, RRYL. AGENTS: RUNCORN—Mr. J. H. Weston, Chemist. WIDNES—Mr. J. Bennett, Chemist, 32, Victoria Road. BARLESTOWN—Mr. A. Peake, Chemist. WARRINGTON—Mr. J. R. Young, Chemist. ST. HELENS—Mr. G. Stringfellow, Central Stores, Mr. J. G. Wallbridge, Chemist. 52, Liverpool Road. NORTHWICH—Mr. C. M. Blades, Chemist.

SOUTHPORT. PRIVATE CONVALESCENT HOME. TERMS MODERATE. HIGHEST REFERENCES' MISSES MARRIOT AND BROWNK, TRAINED NURSES. KNYPERSLEY HOUSE. PARK-ROAD.

FITS OR EPILEPSY. GIDDINESS, SENSATIONS, FAINTS. I will demonstrate to the whole world how that most dreadful ot all complaints, "EPILEPSY." which has been hitherto considered incurable, can be permanently cured (Without the chance of iAilure). Write with full hope and confidence to the "Secretary." Burwood House, Burwood Place. Hyde Park, London. He will send you, "Gratis," fall instructions for cure, and advice on diet.

)LARK, "EXAMINER" OFFICE, 33, MARKET-STREET, EARLESTOWN. good selection of Reward Books, Albums, Ladies' Bags and General Stationery, can always be had at the above address. A choice selection of useful Second-hand Books to be sold cheap. Newspapers and Periodicals delivered in the Neighbourhood.

DANCING and CALISTHENICS. MISS CAVANAGH holds her CLASSES at 63, Bewsey- street, Warrington. BE3INNERS on MONDAY. Steps at 7-30 pas. Terms 12s. 6d. .er quarter. Children and Adult Beginners on SATURDAY, at ,2-3 O p.m.. 108. 6d. per quarter. Families arranged with. PRIVATE LESSONS in all the fashionable round dances, one gulnra per quarter. Three Private Lessons in the Waltz. Is. 6d. Schools and Families attended. N.B.—AN ADVANCED CLASS will coutatente on Thurs- day Nov. 29that 8 p.m. at 10s. 6d. I,er quarter.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
Letters to the Crittor.

TEE WARRINGTON I.L.P. AND THE RECENT DEBATE ON THE HOUSE OF LORDS. Sir,—l am instructed by the executive of the above party to state that Mr. A. Brouchemite was not author- ised to represent the Independent Labour Party at the recent debate on the House of Lords at the Masonic Room, Bold-street, nor are the views expressed by him on that occasion endorsed oy the party.—Yours J. PODMORE, jun., Hon. Sec.

"TILE OBSERVED OF ALL OBSERVERS." Sir,—There are one or two things I want to ask you about. I saw,a local advertisement the other day about " consecrated manure," and I wondered whether it would be worth my while to buy some or not. You see, I'm very fond of gardeeieg, but so far I've been content with old-fashioned flowers, such as primroses, wall- flowers, lupins, pansies, and such like, but if you think "consecrated manure" would help me La raise holy lowers, then I'll try it. They would be so useful for Christmas decorations, wouldn't they? But I can't quite make out where it is to be bought. It says "Borough of Warrington" on the top of the ad vertise- ment, and so I suppose that means that the Corporation have something to do with it, but I don't think it will be any use writing to them about it, because they never " consecrate " anything. and I don't think anything "consecrated" emanates from Academy-Bt. either. Perhaps it is all excreted there—l mean secreted. How stupid of me! I see the agent's name is given, and so I'll write to him about it, because he says we 'may rely upon it that he will see they are supplied with a good and reliable manure." How accommodating he is! I have no doubt that if I trust to "God and economical government," and plenty of "consecrated manure."my garden will surprise somebody before long. —Yours truly,

SWEET WILLIAM.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
FOREIGN COMPETITION IN THE IRON TRADE.

Sir,—!' your issue of 17th, Mr. Monks states they have made many inquiries and have acquired a good deal of information, and adds that there is not the slightest intention on the part of employers to ask for a reduction of the present wages basis. Be further says that royalty does not affect the present wages of the bar iron trade, that Warrington is at no disadvantage as regards railway rates, and that English manufacturers are at no disadvantage comparea with Continental manufacturers in the cost of raw material. Will Mr. Monks kindly explain for the benefit of the public where the disadvantage is P If a royalty of over ss. per ton on the pig used in Warrington for bar iron does not affect the manufacturer, perhaps Mr. Monks will show why. If it is not raw material or railway freights and royalty what is it? Not wages we are told. As one of the gentlemen who made the inquiry tells us, that in sted Belgium has onls. a slight advantage, while in iron wages are individually about 30 per cent. lower, and it takes three men to do the same amount of work as two of ours, so that, taking cost per ton, English is lower than Belgian. Is the cause, as one of the inquirers states, that Uri Belgians have made a speciality of one or two branches, and that we in England had nothing equal to the plant that had been put down and was still being put down in Belgium. And, as another of the inquirers states, they beat us in the completeness and high standard of their outfits which are always up to date. They are not, Like many works in this country, overladen with inferior or obsolete machinery. Trusting you will insert this and Mr. Monks will give the public his explanation, I am, yours Sze.,

ONE INTERESTED.

Sir.—Your correspondent, Mr. T. Malkin, commences his letter by asking three questions to which I will reply reverting the order in which they are asked. No. 3. There does not seem to me to be any need to introduce South Wales, since no such comparison is possible, the iron trade of that district being no longer in existence. No. 2. The amount of coal raised per man per annum may be as Mr. Malkin states, but is it worth discussing the point when the coal is delivered to the Belgian iron works at the same rate per ton at which suitable coal an be bought in Lancashire? No. 1. As regards the Belgian iron-worker. I believe he is quite equal to the present Englishman,hut whether it takes three or more Belgians to do the same work as is done by two Englishmen is of no importance when the coat of labeur is worked out per ton of iron made. • I have the wages paid at a works in Belgium ; one that has been most successful in taking the orders which formerly came to this country. The total paid is as near as possible one half the amount paid in Warrington, or, to be quite accurate, the amount paid here is 7s. per ton more than is paid by the Belgian manufacturer, even after allowing for the reduction of 21 per cent, in this district, which takes effect from Monday last. This is a fair comparsion, the class of work done, the size of the rolls, range of sizes manufactured, and materials used being exactly the same in both countries. How this difference is to be met without relucing wages still further is the problem yet to be solved, but it is one in which the workman has a greater interest than the manufacturer and the sooner he begins to re- cognise the gravity of the situation the better it will be Ai' *4- - Id o 041.: to show the enormous growth of this Belgian il3petitionL during the last few years, I give the im- ports by British India of the following sections of iron— barangle, bolt_ and rod iron, hoops, sheets and plates, beams, pillars, girders, and bridge work, all of which are manufactured in Warrington : Prim From From England. Belgium. other c'tries. Total. Tons. Tons. Tons. Tons. 1888-89 125.851 19,527 223 135,601 1889-90 89,907 28.543 204 118,654 1899 91 99,088 28.92 347 12F,397 1891-92 83,953 34,980 869 119 802 1892-93 54,539 54,119 986 109.644 The exact figures for 1893-94 are not yet obtainable, but I venture to predict they will show a further falling from England. and a gain to our foreign competitor. In bar iron especially will this be the case, for during the first six months of the current year the quantity im- ported from the United Kingdom is only 22 per cent., as compared with 93 per cent, during the same months of 1889. Now as regards machinery and plant, the Belgian is no better off in this respect than makers in Warrington, ' and his mills do not give a grEater output for the same

class of work. As to quality no one pretends that Bel- gian is equal to Lancashire iron, but the toreign buyer says plainly Belgian quality, is good enough for his pur- pose, and its li,wer price is an additional inducement. Be does not prefer Belgian iron to an English iron when quality and price are equal. So long as this country was the only source of supply, and we had practically a monopoly of the markets of the world, the fkireign buyer had no option but to take what he could get, but now that he can get what he wants, he exercises his right to buy where it is made. We must either supply him on the same terms as our foreign competitors, or be content to lose the trade altogether. As to royalties, I have already said those do not affect the particular matter under discussion, and I fail to see how the difficulty can be met by the introduction of what are purely abstract questions.--Yours truly, F. MONKS.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
REFERENCE AT ST. ALBAN'S CHURCR.

Speaking on Sunday morning at the eleven o'clock service in the St. Alban's church, where the deceased gentleman was a constant worshipper, the Rev. Father A. D. Fitch, referrcd to the late Mr. Voisey as follows : I cannot help recording the sense of the loss we have sustained in the death of Mr. Toisey. Warrington has lost an able, energetic, and honoured townsman. His worth was well known to his fellows, all classes and creeds who before now have united in offering him the highest municipal offices. The Catholic body has lost one who was an honour to the community to which he belonged. St. Alban's Church has lost a warns sapporter, and the clergy have lost an amicable personal friend. But the members of his family, who have been bereft of him who was all in all to them, have been stricken by the most sudden and heavy blow. In offering them our sincere sympathy we pray that they Ilkley recognize in this sore trial the hand of Him who gave and who has taken away. We pray that abundant consolation may descend from Heaven into their hearts to enable them to bear their less with patience and resignation. May he rest in peace.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
MAGISTERIAL REFERENCES.

Before proceeding with the business of the Borough Court on Monday morning, the Mayor said he 'would like to say a few words about the loss the Court had sustained in the death of Mr. Voisey. Re announced the deep regret they felt at their loss, and that the Bench desire to express publicly their deep sympathy with Mr. Voisey's family in their bereavement. Mr. White (clerk to the magistrates) endorsed what the Mayor bad said, and added that Mr. Voisey was always regular in his attendance at Court, and in his judicial ceurse he was always just though severe,when necessarily so. Mr. Greenall also agreed with the Mayor, and cave it as his experience of Mr. Voisey that he had always shown the greatest possible kindness, and expressed It as his opinion that the town had suffered a great loss.

Mr. A. Browns, solicitor,said that in the death of Mr Voisey he had lost a personal Mewl, and one to whom he could look with respect. Mr. Voisey was, he con- tended,a man whose judgments one could not object to. He was fair, and sometimes severs. Alderman Harrison said he could hardly resist the temptation to say that in Mr. Voisey the town had sus- tained an irreparable loss. He would go further and say that in whatever capacity they found him he was always the same—in official, private.and business capa- cities. He had nuver heard of Mr. Voisey other than with a feeling of respect for him.%They felt deeply with the household which had been made doolate by the cruel hand of death.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FUNERAL

took place at the Warrington Cemetery on Wednesday morning at 12 o'clock. The funeral corteze was headed by a detachment of 12 police constables in charge of Inspectors Bowen, Cox,Spinks, and Sergeants Rowbotham, Chantler, Taylor. and Cheney. A. large number of carriages both private and otherwise fol- lowed theofficers and presented an imposing appearance. The first carriage contained the relatives of Mr. Voise.F. viz. :—Dr. C. B. Voisey, M.D., F.R.C.S., Mr. L. A. Volsey and Mr. G. A. Bartley, brother-In-law (London). On arriving at the cemetery the gentlemen alighted from the carriages and it was found that there were, also present the Mayor (Councillor James Fairclnugh), Messrs. W. Mortimer, John White, H. Greenall, James Craik, S. Johnson.J. Lynn Whittle (town clerk), J. Geddes, Longdin, (borough surveyor) S. Hunt, (chief constable), C. R. Adamson, G. F. F. White (magis- trates' clerk), F. Taylor. Thomas Birchall, J.P., E. Cald- well, Dwerryhouse, Moore, J. Robinson. Sylvanus, Reynolds, J. Coxon, Eccles, Forshaw, C. Worthington, Kiernan, It. Davies, J. Hartley, F. Monks, J.P., J. Downes, and C. Unsworth ; Aldermen Francomb, Sutton, Harrison and Wright, Drs. T. S. Smith, Geary, Cannell and Peacocke ; Councillors H. Roberts, Shaw-Green, Longton, Shillcock, Davies, Wreaths were sent by the following :—Mrs. Sylvanus Reynolds, Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Reynolds, Mr. and Mrs. C. B. Voisey, Mr. and Mrs. Mortimer. Mr. and Mrs. John Coxon, Mr. and Mrs. W. D. Jeans, Mr. and Mrs. W. B. Roberts. Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Banks, Mr. and Mrs. W. Owen, Alderman and Mrs. Harrison, Mr. and Mrs. Magoris. Mr. and Mrs. R. Johnsen, Plumpton, Muir, Bennett and Smethurst. The Newton Division Conservative Association was represented by Alderman Thomas Sutton. Mr. and Mrs. Allen. Mr. and Mrs. C. likeginbottom. Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Fleming, Mr. and Mrs.Kiernan, Mrs, Daintith, Mr. Bartley. London (brother-in-law), Mr. C. Adamson, Mr. C. Middleton. Mr. J. Casartelli, Mr. and Mrs. Wallington, Messrs. A. Waring and Co., the em- ployes of Messrs. Richmond and Co., Limited, the com- Dloye3 of the deceased gentleman, consisting of Mr. C. S. Worthington (managing clerk). Mr. R. H. Daintith (cashier). and Messrs. I. B. Barlow, E. Bradshaw, P. Lawton, S. Craik, and B. Podmore, clerks. A wreath was also sent by Mr. Grounds a former employe of Mr. Voisey, at Warrington. • There were eight bearers and Fathers Cody and Craven officiafed both in the chanel and at the grave- side in conjunction with Fathers Flinn and Larkin. The undertakers were Messrs. S. E., and R. Johnson, who supplied the handsome coffin, consisting of an inner ca..° of plain oak and an outer receptacle of fumigated oak, panelled and mounted with brass furniture. On the lid was an illuminated plate bearing the:fnllowing in- scription :—" Lewis Voisey, horn Navember 23rd, 1830, died November 25h, 1894. Follewing this inscription was another emblazoned place inscribed. " R.1.P.," and still lower down was a massive brass cross mounted upon purple plush. The cross was 31t. by if t. 41n.

Mns LONGSHORE Porrs , M.D.—Mrs. Lon gsh ore Potts M.D., since leaving Liverpool in 1886 has made a lectur- ing tour throughout the United States and has travelled through New Seal nd and Australia and India. She has now returned to Liverpool and proposes to make her reappearance at the Royal Court Theatre in a lecture to women only, on Tuesday, December 7th, when she will deliver a free lecture to women only. The great furore she created among fashionable and literary circles will not soon be forgotten and great honours have been con- ferred upon her in her native land since she was last here :—The wife of the President, with other ladies of distinction, bestowing upon her the warmest commenda- tions, the somewhat gruesome paraphernalia which was used for illustrative purposes on the previous visit consisting of skeletons, ribs, paintings and things,which gave the petite Quakeress a somewhat mortuary sur- rounding, have been replaced by stereoptican views, consisting of many of art and scenery. It will astonish the women of Liverpool to learn how views of scenery and art can be properly adapted to the discussion of medical and physiological matters,yet both the American papers and those of Landon,pronounce these illustrations as not only applicable but declare them to be among the most beautiful in the world. It is said that she will use upwards of 200 views at each lecture three lectures to ladies will follow on the afternoons of the sth, 6th and 7th of December.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
MEXICAN CURE.

-KNOWN AS REV. JOSEPH HOLMES' ISIEXI- rAN PresrAptien. ie the only guaranteed Remedy or all those who suffer from the errors of youth. nervous weaknese. exhausted vitality. kidney, bladder. gravel. prost- te and !dorlre:l complaints. and has stood the te t for 20 pars. Send a self-addressed stamped envelope to JOAEPTI IfoLmy,s Remedy Co., Bloomsbury Monotone. Bloonasbuty square, London, and get full particulars of this gr:a+ Remedy free of charge.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
, . . • r - ' - •'- , - , - • _ - • K4-I,,,ittiSill• • A - . • • 7 ' ' 19! ,' • - :• • ' •'2 • $45"---.\-LTVtv,z-zi- .1,14 „ ' ' - *-,, , • . v•- , c' - - - • A.,: ; • -%-• ' - • •. - - :

IN PRAISE OF VEGETARIANISM.

At the meeting ot the Baptist Mutual Improve- ment Society held in the Schoolroom, Golborne-et.. on Friday night, there was a good attendance The chairman was dccupied by Mr. N. Balmfoid, Mr. John S. Green entertained the Soci- ety with an address on " Vegetarianism : what it is, and what it will do." After pointing out that abstinence from flesh eating was no new idea, as it is already practised by three-fourths of the peoples of the world, he referred to the generally accepted fallacy as to Vegetarianism, and stated that Vegetarianism was entire abstinence from fish, flesh and fowl, and the substitution of a simpler mode of living than that which prevailed amangst most English people. This was to be found amongst fruits, cereals, pulses, &c., many of which were perfect foods, and all of which contained more real nutriment than could be found in flesh meats, which consisted mostly of water. He contended that man by nature. by instinct, and by moral aspiration was frugivorous ; and that, by departing from his natural mode of feed- ing, he had entailed upon himself much needless suffer- ing. Such diseases as consumption, cancer, trichina, gout, rheumatism were said to be due to indulgence in animal flesh, which was invariably diseased. Instead of living to a good old age, man by his perversity of living. had considerably shortened his life, and rendered himself liable to sudden death. His temper and skin were also irritated and disfigured by his indulgence in flesh meats. As to what Vegetarianism would do, Mr. Green remarked that it would deliver people from pain, it would make life what iv ought to be, hut seldom was— a pleasure, and for women it would greatly lighten their domestic duties. The practice of Vegetarianism would help mist materially to solve the problem of the day, that of the unemployed as the land thrown out of cul- tivation for the production of beef could be used to better advantage. Twelve acres of land devoted to feed- ing cattle gave employment to two men and produced food for one. Under grain, the same land would give employment to 4 men and produce food for 20 persons, whilst under fruit it would employ six men and feed 20. Above all, Vegetarianism would rid us of our national curse that of drunkenness. By discontinuing the use of condiments and stimulating, thirst-producing flesh meats, and substituting thereof the fruits of the earth, men would find their thirsty propensities entirely dis- appear and life assume a new aspect. To his (the speaker's) view, temperance workers were labouring on wrong lines, and until they gave more attention to this question of diet, and its bearing upon the drinking habits of the people, they need not expect any great measure of success. In conclusion, the speaker urged his hearers to give this question of diet reform their serious consideration, and appealed to them to lead a higher and nobler life by freeing themselves from modes of existence more suited to barbaric tribes than civilised beings.—A lively discussion followed, and the speaker having replied, the proceedings closed with votes of thanks.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
SOME LABOUR STATISTICS.

The Labour Department of the Board of Trade has begun to issue an annual resume of statistics, which is equally interesting and useful. As bearing on the eight hours question it supplements figures published during the debate on the Mines (Eight Hours) Bill, which showed that as between different districts the hours from bank to bank and the hours worked at the face vary very largely. Here we are told how many mos, the kingdom throueh, work given hours. There were in the coal mines of the United Kingdom in 1890 272.462 getters, 178,148 other workers underground ,and 98,257 surface workers. The proposed limitation to eight hours a day "from bank to bank" would, it appears, make a very considerable change in the total I hours worked. Only 20 4 per cent. of getters put in so little time as this. Of the total number 0 2 per cent. are in the mines 8 hours and under 81 daily. 3 5 per cent. from 81 to 8± hours, 5.7 per cent. from 81, 18'5 per cent. from 81 to 9, 1.9 per cent. from 9 to 91, 292 per cent. from 91 to 9±, and 4 7 per cent. 91 or more. It will be noted that 51.8 per cent. of getters work more than 9 hours a day and over 70 per cent. mere than 81 hours. At the face of the coal, however, exactly 80 per cent. already work eight hours a day or under, and more than 60 per cent. work only 71 hours or under. The agitation for an eight hours hank to bank system involves, therefore, an effort to make employers pay for the time taken up in travelling to and from the place. It is the corollary of the attempt, by enforcing uniform rates of pay throughout the kingdom, to make employers bear all the inequalities of cost in working which differences between one mine and another involve. There is a greater difference between the hours of getters and those of other workers than is generally known. Surface workers are almost all employed longer than 8± hours, and only 13.1 per cent. of such underground workers as are not getters have a shorter day than that. Indeed 66 in every hundred of surface workers and 63 per cent, of the other class are employed for nine hours a day or over; while 13.3 per cent, of these latter work ten hours and more. The hours of surface workers, moreover, are exclusive of meal-times. The history of trade disputes in recent rears show, two marked tendencies. From 1889 to 1893 inclusives the number of disputes reported to the Department, fell steadily from 1,211 to 643 a year ; but the numher of persons affected by such disputes increased from 359,897 in the first year to 570,060 in the last. This appears to fit in with the fact that the number of successful dis- putes in the same period fell from 43 to 35.6 in a hun- dred. Nearly half the trade disputes of England and Wales occur in Yorkshire, Lancashire, and Cheshire. though the population of these three counties is hut 7,884,766 out of 29,002,525. Lancashire and Cheshire, with a population but little greater than that of the Metropolis, had 106 disputes last year against 29 there, while Yorkshire, which comi,ares fairly in point of population with the West Midlands, had 100 disputes against 35 in that group of six counties.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETEr.

THE LATE SERGEANT DONOGHTTE.—Mr. T. R. Lloyd Bold-street, Liverpool, writes to a Liverpool paper , "De mortuis nil nisi bonum." Still there are too many Tommy Atkinses about. It is stated in a paragraph of to-day's issue of your valuable paper that Sergeant James Donoghue, whose remains were interred on Wed- nesday, at Penketh, near Warrington, claimed to he the trumpter who sounded the Balaclava charge. I think the present Lord Tredegar (then the Hon. Godfrey Mor- gan), who was in the charge, and had a valuable horse shot under him, and Sergeant-Major Cattermoul, Sergt. Jack Penn, and Sergeant Joy. who were also rushed into the wild escapade will corroborate my statement that Sergeant Joy (above referred to). of the 17th Lancers (the " death or glory boys ") had this distinguished honour. AMBULANCE CERTIFICATES.--The Men's Ambulance Class were on Monday evening presented with certifi- cates of efficiency, earned at the examination which was conducted by Dr. G. H. Darwin, of Manchester, on July 3rd. In the absence of the president (the Rev.E S. Jackson, who is abroad for the benefit of his health),the Rev. J. R. Jones, M A., presented the certificates. The following members succeeded in satisfying the examiner, and are entitled to first aid certificates :—Messrs. Wm. Houghton, Sam Waterhouse, Wm. Chatterton, Peter Heath. Wm. Cartledge, John Gibson Withenshaw, John Thompson, and Earnest Dixon. Advanced (or sec and year certificates) : Edwin W. Clarke, Thomas W. Hey- wood, Wm. Woods, Geo. T. Molyneux, George Willcock, James Fisher, Josiah Moss, Arthur Ireland, Thomas Pennington, John Appleton. Houghton Owen, Leonard [E. Newcombe, Thomas Wilson, and Wm. Clare. The [ following ladies have also been recipients of first aid certificates :—Mesdames Owen, Bell, Parker, Hughes Clare, Woods, Heath,Cheetham,Willcock,and Leicester : Misses Jeans, A. Moses, Emily Jeans, Dignum, Fanny Jeans, Wooltall, Byrne, Pennington, Dale, Griffiths, Ansdell, Hughes, and Davies. SANK SCHOOL BOARD.—Mr. J. C. Ridgway presided over the usual monthly meeting of the above Board, which was held on Tuesday afternoon, in the Board School, Great Sankey. There were also present—Messrs. W. P. Skelton, Joseph Wright and S. Sutton (clerk).— The Clerk submitted the monthly returns, showing that the amount of school fees received during that period was £3 63. 4d.—The summary of the Inspector's report on the school was presented, and stated that the total amount of grant earned was £292 94.—The Clerk laid before the Board three tenders to supply them with coal, and after considering the same it was decided to let the tender to Mr. Halton.—The Board then went into com- mittee to discuss the question of the proposed increase of salaries, the various applications for which had been deferred from time to time until the results of the recent examinations were received.

" A cmplaint has been made to the police by Herbert Whitehead, commission agent, Preston, that while cycling near the town on Tuesday he was attacked by rnuelas, knocked off his machine, gagged, and robbed of £4OO, the moneys of Messrs. Beresford, sugar merchants, Manchesterl The Queen of Madagascar has issued a manifesto ex- Lofting. her subjects to resist the French invaders, and the enthusiasm among the Hovas is very great.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURI)AY, DECEMBER 1, 1894. NOTES ON GAMES AND DEATH OF MR. LEWIS VOISEY, ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALL. The Warrington team reached the furthest point north, which they have had to go this season,on Saturday,when they met the Hornets who live in Kendal. They were favoured with good weather for which they were very thankful, and they also had a good time in everything but scoring. The Hornets have heen met for a great. number of years now, and the games though in the majority of cases in favour of Warrington, had always been very close and exciting. The team is practically the Westmoreland team, for almost every player who has been chosen to represent Westmoreland, is or has been a member of the Kendal Hornets club. Could all the truant players from Kendal be gathered home again, what a powerful, team could be put telether. But Kendal does not appear to have sufficient attractions to keep her players, and the result is that they are to be found all over the country. The team at the present time is consequently not so strong as it might be.

The game on Saturday was a fairly equally fought game, and the result, a pointless draw, is not very far wrong. Each side had very hard lines at times, though Warrington had slightly the hardeit. The Warring- tonians of course were very much weakened through Vac absence of such players as Turner, Jolley,Dakin Nevins, and Thorniley, and although the substitutes worked with a will, they are not to be expected to ha able to play with the same skill as the veterans.

The Warrington team in consequence of the absence of hotk captain and sub-captain, had to look out for a new skipper, and this they found in the person of Burton, who thus has not had to wait long before attaining to this positien. He can congratulate himself that War- rington did not stiffer defeat under his captainship, if they did not achieve victory.

I will now say a word about the players individually. Boscow comes in for first mention, and he appears to improve every match he plays. He was simply unpass- able or' Saturday. No matter wherever the ball went there was Boscow blocking the way. In fact this was noticed by the spectators, and one of them said in an aggrieved tone, "That bloomin' full back is always in the way of our men." The three-quarter line is now very speedy, and all that is now required is a little better combination. They lacked this somewhat on Saturday, or something more substantial might have been the result. In speed, they were superior to the opposing quartette. The halves played a very good game, and would have played better still, but for the off-side play of the Hornets halves.

The forwards were very equally matched, and it was here that such weighty men as Thorniley and Turner were missed. An old war horse was taken on again in the forwards. This was " Tony " Davies, .who had not played previously for two years. He played with any amount of" dust" nevertheless.and would not disgrace any team.

Today, Leigh commence operations again after their long holiday. They ought to be in good condition by this time, and Warrington being their first opponents will be the first to test them. The match between War- rington and Leigh takes place at the latter town, and to encounter them thevisitors will be represented by the following players :—Boscow. full back ; Burton, Hee- sem, Moore', and Cnnningharn, three-quarters ; Bate and Clark, half backs ; Turner, Jolley, Dalcin, Bailey, Taylor, Berry, Savage, and Andrews, forwards.

What is the matter with the" A " team ? They are not keeping up the form which they commenced the sea- son with. The last match they engaged in previous to Saturday.was with Swinton, when they had to submit to defeat. They had to do likewise again on Saturday when for the third time in succession they were beaten by the Widnes A team. This is a bad record, and our junior champions ought t 3 see that it is altered as soon as possible.

The West End junior teams had their Derby day on Saturday. I allude to the meeting of St. Mary's and the Rangers. Although the match was played on the ground of the Rangers, the " Marys " won comfortably, thus keeping their, unbroken record still untarnished. The Rangers were the first to scnre, but they could not keep it up, and soon lost their advantage.

The Stockton Heath team !suffered their second defeat of the present rpason on Saturday. They tackled the Runcorn " A " at Runcorn, without the assistance of Barber. and the result was that they were beaten by a coal to nil. This is not a thing to be ashamed about, for Runcorn takes seme libeating. They are one of the best " A" teams there are in this part of the country at the present day.

The match in which Lancashire and Yorkshire football enthusiasts take the greatest interest in, is over, and the result is that the Sykes are as jubilant, as the Lanca- shire men are downcast. Lancashire have the finest back combination they have had for some years. but they do not appear to lave played quite up to their form It is suggested that they had not sufficient confidence in Foulkes, the full back, who was playing a very poor gams, and thus were rather disorganised. It was not in the back division in which Lancashire showed the worst however, but amongst forwards. The Tykes, had n tremendous weight in this divison, and the compara- tively light Lancashire forwards were thus heavily handicapped. The only division in which Lancashire excelled was the half back, and it was rather too bad that Varley should have been passed over in the selec- tion of the Northern team. No one expected that York- hire would win by four goals three tries to two goals, and the White Rose has every reason to be proud of its glorious victory.

We regret to announce the death of Mr. Lewis

Voisey,J.P., F.C.A, which occurred in the early hours of Sunday morning, at his residence, 3, Win- marleigh-street. The deceased gentleman,who was 64 years of age, has resided in Warrington for 40 years, and has carried on business as an accountant

for ten years. lie has also taken an active interest in public affairs having been a member of the Town Council, and also a county Councillor for Warring- ton. He was also a magistrate for the borough of Warrington. He first entered the Town Council in 1888, when he was elected for the S.W. ward, sub- sequently, at the revision of the ward, sitting for St. Austin's ward. He retired from the Town Council three years ago. As a Town Councillor, he proved him- self a very useful member, more especially in financial matters, his opinion in affairs of this kind being always accepted with the utmost confidence. On the resigna- tion of Mr. John White he was elected a member of the Lancashire County Council for the borough of Warring- ton, the portion he represented being co-extensive with the Howley, St. Austin's and Latchford Wards, the other local representatives at the time being Mr. F. A. Roberts, for the Town Hall, Whitecross, and Rewsey wards; and Mr. Frederick Monks, for the Orford, St. John's, and Fairfield wards. In the early part of this year, however, he resigned his position owing to increas- ing business responsibilities and impaired health, and was succeeded by Mr. Alderman Francomb, J.P., no contest for the vacant seat taking place. He was raised to the magisterial bench in 1889 and his decisions were always treated with great respect. Some eight days ago he was in the full enjoyment of health to a casual observer. He left his house to take a walk on the afternoon of Saturday week, epparently in this state of health ,but when he returned h w 1,; to be ailing somewhat. His condition rapidly became worse, and he was attended by Dr. T. Starkey Smith and his son, Dr. C. B. Voisey, M.D., F.R.C.S. These two gentlemen subsequently deemed it advisable to hold a consultation with Dr. Drechfield of Manchester, and Dr. Mitchell Banks of Liverpool. On Thursday after- noon an improvement took place in the sufferer's condi- tion, and it was maintained until Friday evening. The following day he had a relapse, and on the Sunday morning he died as stated above. His loss will be , widely felt in Warrington and district, as he was ever ready to help forward any movement which had for its object the good of those by whom he was surrounded. Although a staunch Conservative, Mr. Voisev was very rarely to the fore on political platforms. He was a Roman Catholic, and was a warm supporter of the local Roman Catholic churches. He leaves a widow, and two sons, and twe daughters.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
HARRIERS.

The Orford Harriers had a splendid run on Saturday last of about eight miles of geod cross country. The kzail was laid by F. Woods and J. W. Mather, and a pack of 13 runners turned out and finished as follows J. Hinchcliffe, J. McCue, J. Barlow, H. Grounds, J. Barnett, J. Riley. The Warrington Orford Harriers go tn Farnworth on Saturday for an Inter Club Race with Farnworth C.E.T.S.,A.F. and H. Club.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
" SMILE 3 OF NATURE."

The artistic decoration of a home with paintings and sculpturf, is an expensive luxury that all cannot afford, hut every home may be made beautiful by nature's deco- rations—a garden—God first planted a garden, "the purest of human pleasures." It smiles upon every in- telligent effort man puts forth, showing how closely nature is allied to man. Be the home ever so humble, it can be cheered by a few bright ever-changing flowers, and in no country is this fact better appreciated than in England. Ingenuity in the arrangement of garden and flower-beds is manifest and may be admired on every hand. The writer knows one old gentleman, whose hair is bleached, and long flowing beard whitened by many winter blasts and summer suns, who in his love for flowers, combines with it his gratitude for life and its blessings by artistically arranging a border for his flower-bed with inverted amber bottles which previously contained Warner's Safe Cure. He says,4` when I look ' at my flowers I am thankful to their creator, and when I look at these empty bottles I am grateful, being re- minded that through their former contents I was spared to enjoy the blessings of life and nature. From childhood the ocean has been my home, rising , from cabin boy to captain. I have visited nearly every part of the globe. For over twenty years I was the picture of health; always robust and hearty. But when trouble came i': attacked me in the shape of sharp, acute, knife-like pains in the right side. These at times were so severe that I would involuntarily fall on the deck, and was obliged to be carried below. At last I was compelled to leave my ship. The doctors said I had muscular rheumatism, but did me no good. I gradually grew worse. At this time my condition was simply terrible,and only those who saw me during those dark hours and have seen nse since my restoration to health, can form any idea of the shadow of death through which I passed. My back and shoulders ached until I imagined myself spread upon the rack, my feet and legs were swollen so that the skin cracked open. My nervous system seemed shattered, my manhood entirely destroyed, and my reason almost dethroned. I was taken to the hospital. They diagnosed gravel in the kidneys, and said I might last a month, but that there was no hope for recovery. My friends gave me up, and as for myself my daily prayer was that God in His infinite mercy would compassionately put an end to my sufferings. Such was my condition when my son brought me a bottle of Warner's Safe Cure. I took it faithfully. In ten days I was better ; in a month able to walk same distance, and in a few months my health was completely restored. This was six years ago, and with the exception of severe attack of Use prevalent influenzs I have enjoyed good health ever since that time." Such was the story of Captain James Paige,of 4, Eddy- stone-terrace, Plymouth, and lie tells us to print this in order that possible sufferers may know how to help themselves in time of need.

TIIE SURRENDER OF JABEZ BALFOUR

A correspondent havins! wked the Earl of Kimberley .whether it was a fact that, although the d-cision of the judicial authorities to extradite Jahez Balfour had been confirmed by a superior court, a further delay is likely to occur in his dep4rture for this countev, the following reply has been received :—" Foreien November 24.—Sit, I am directed by the Earl of Ki•4berley to Inform you, in reply to your letter of the 2nd inst., that his Loriship is unable to say whether any further dglays are likely to occur in the surrender of Jabez Balfour."

1 In washing. MATCHLESS CLEANSER is a perfect Treasure It eaves much work and tine, to use it s a pleasure.—ADVT

===== 0002601_18941201_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

CONCERT AT KENDRICK-ST. SCHOOLROOM. The first of a series of Saturday evening concerts in connection with St. Paul's Church, was held in the Kendrick-st., Infant School, on Satur- day night. Councillor Smethurst presided, and there was a good attendance. The Chairman said that these concerts were being got up to keep young people off the streets, and he hoped they would become popular in the parish. Songs were given by the Rev. H. V. Pigot and the Rev. A. H. Townsend, and pianoforte solos by Master Ward. Mrs. Pigot accompanied. Mrs. Smethurst and family, Mr. and Mrs. Chantry and family, and several other promiment members of the congregation were also present. LAMPS.—GARLAND, Ironmonger, Warrington and Earles town.— 4 dvt.

ENGINE OILS.—GARLAND, 51, Bridge-street, Warrington.— Advt.

BUCKLEY-ST. BAND OF HOPE, On Monday night a most interesting and instruc- tive entertainment was given in connection with the above, Quarter-Master Roberts in the chair. The Chairman gave a very appropriate address re- ferring to temperince amongst Her Majesty's forces in India every third man of which was an abstainer. The following contributed to the evening's amuse- ments: Songs by Misses E. Simpson, Rushton,Lily Mrs. Fairhurst, Wooley, Nurse, and Brandwood, Messrs. Bate, and H. Adams. Messrs. Richardson, awl Whittaker's selections on the cornet and con- certina were well worth listening to. The dialogue, " My Lord Tomkins," given by Mrs. Nurse, Woolev, and Brand wood. and Messrs. Nurse, Troman, R-charlson, Jenning., end Fogg, brought the enter- tainment to a close. Mention should be made of Messrs. Simpson and Leech for securing % the talent provided for the occasion, and also Master A. Trow for presiding at the piano with his usual ability.

ALL HOUSEHOLD Imam, hemmed and marked free of charge.—J. and W. purrorr. Sankey-et., Warrinzton.—Advi. CONFIRMATION SERVICES AT ST. ALAN'S AND ST. MARY'S CHURCHES.

The Right Rev. Dr. Whiteside, D.D., Catholic Bishop of Liverpool, attended the St. Alban's and St. Mary's Roman Catholic Churches, Warrington, on Sunday, and conducted services of confirmation. Both churches vc, re beautifully adorned with flowers, and the services were attended by very large congregations. At St. Alban's 278 persons were confirmed, whilst at St. Mary's the number was considerably over 300. His lordship expressed himself highly gratified with the reception he had received from the congregations, and'remarked that it ever was and ever would be to him a pleasure to visit the churches in Warrington. At the conclus- ion of the services, the Bishop gave the Benedic- tion, and blessed the worshippers as he left.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
CHILD BURNT TO DRITH.

Mr. S. Brighouse, county coroner, held an inquest on Tuesday on the body of William Henry Lloyd, aged five years, son of Henry Lloyd, 29, Green-st., who died on Saturday evening, from severe burns he received the same morning.—Henry Lloyd said that an elder son had gone downstairs early on Saturday morning and lighted the fire, afterwards going out of the house. Shortly afterwards, whilst witness was dressing, the deceased went downstairs in his night dress. A few minutes later, he heard the child screaming, and rushing downstairs, he found him in flames. Witness seized the boy and , wrapped a large coat around him and thus extin- guished the flames. Some oil was applied to the I burned parts, and Dr. Brookes was called in, but deceased died the same night. Ne one was in the kitchen at the time the accident occurred.—The

- ------- jury returned a verdict of " Accidental Death." somuNo itlnf PROOF OVERCOATS, yet porous, 555. at JACKSON HOLNINS, General Outfitter, Market Gate. Warring ton.—Advt.

VOLIINTHEIt BALL.

There were about 150 couples present at the Drill Hell on Monday evening, on the occasion of the non-commissioned officers ball. Dancing commenced at eight o'clock to music supplied by the band of the corps, under the direction of Bandmaster Armstrong, and was kept up with spirit until nearly three o'clock on the following morning. Bugle- Major Piiui officiated as M.C. The room had been very tastefully decorated for the occasion under the superintendence of Sergeant Joseph Hesketh. The refreshments were supplied by Mr. H. Gittens, of the Baths Hotel, Sankey-street. The company included Major Ridgway and most of the other officers, and the staff-sergeants and sergeants from the barracks at Orford had been invited to attend and they did so in large numbers. The Bal Committee consisted of the sergeants of the corps with Colour-Sergeant Spencer as president, Colour Sergeant Potter as treasurer, and Colour-Sergeant jtennion as secretary. The proceedings passed off in a very successful and enjoyable manner.

ALL HOUSEHOLD LINEN hemmed and marked, free of charge.—J. and W. Durrozr, Sankey-et.. Warrington,—Advt. SUNDAY AFTERNOON SERVICES.

A large congregation assembled at Bold-st. Wesleyan Chapel on Sunday afternoon at the usual people's service. The first item on the programme was a minuet from "Samson," by the orchestral band. An oboe duet, "I waited for the Lord," was well rendered by Messrs. Davies and Ward. Mr. Waring, who occupied the chair, said he was glad to see such a large congregation. He believed there were those present who were not in the habit of attending the house of God, and he knew there was one among them who had not been in a place of worship for twenty years. Mr. Summersgill was then called upon to give an address. The true man, he said, was not measured by inches, by weight, or appearance. The most crippled and deformed were often God's best children. Let him exhort all of them to take Christ as their example, and to endea- vour to follow in His footsteps. "The promise of , life," was then effectively sung by Miss Gunton, and the orchestral band also played, "Gloria." A most hearty and bright service was brought to a termination by the pronouncing of the benediction.

SEWING MACHINES, Hand £2 18s. 6d. Treadle £4 41. with handsome walnut cover. —J . and W. DUTTON, 16 and 13, Sankey-at., Warrington.— A dig. WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT FOOTBALL ASSOCIA- TION. •

A meeting of the above association was held at the Roebuck Hotel on Friday evening, Mr. W. L Williams in the chair. After the minutes were adopted, the adjourned protest Warrington St. Mary's v. Warrington L. & N.-W. Albion was dis- cussed, the former club alleging the latter had registered C. Howgate under the assumed name of Jones and that he was a professimnal. The charge of professionalism was not maintained, but the match was ordered to be re-played. Orford Cres- cent v. Earlestown Vice. and Orford Crescent v. Farnvvorth C.E.T.S. met with a like result, the former owing to the ground not being the required size, and the latter owing to the game being stopped through darkness. In addition Earles- , town were ordered to pay the travelling expenses of Orford Crescent and pay them half gross gate. A protest by Widnes Parish Church against the decision of the referee in the Penketh match (November 3), when the referee awarded a penalty kick to the latter club for an alleged accidenta " hands " was not sustained. 1 A CHARMING CHRISTMAS PRESENT of the many 6s. gift books issued, the Waterloo Edition of " Little Women" Is by far the best; containing 600 pages. iThistrations on nearly every page and.heautilully bound with gilt edges. it may be seen and admired at MR. PERCIVAL PEARSE'S 8 SANKEY-STREET and purchased at the usual discount,— Advt.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
BRAVE CONDUCT OF A GENTLEMAN.

A number of boys were playing in a small boat just below Paddington locks on Sunday afternoon, when one of their number, a boy named George Hough, aged about 14 years, son of Alfred Hougb,of Howley-laue, Warrington, joiner, by some means fell or was pushed into thEt.water. He was unable to swim, and it soon became evident that he would be drowned unless assistance was immediately forthcoming. The boys in the boat were too terri- fied to render him any a' 1; but fortunately, a lady and gentleman were passing along the river bank at the time, and the gentleman hearing cries, and per- ceiving that a boy was in the water, at once jumped in without divesting himself of any of his clothing. He swam to the boy, but had great difficulty in getting hold of him, but eventually as the boy was going down for the third time he was able to get a firm grasp of him, and swam with him to the side. Hough was carried to some cottages near, where he was stripped of his clothes and artificial rcspiration was employed. Had it not been for the prompt action of the gentleman, who gave no name, nor was he known to the parents of the boy, Hough must inevitably have been drowned. His conduct is most praiseworthy, and he cannot be tc;) highly commended.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
HOPE FOR ALL LADIES

Do you worry b cause you look so very pa?e, with lips almost white and feel as though nothing could re- store you to vigorous, happy life ? If so, take Cock- burn's Tonic Blood Pills and stop worrying. They make cheeks,like roses and delicate ladies strong. Of all Chefrasts in boxes at is., 2s. 6d. and 4s. 6d., or per post 20. extra direct from the makers. COCKBURN'S DRUG STORE, Howard-st., Glasgow. Agent for Runcorn: Messrs. SPEAKMAN Baos. 7 ,High•street. Warrington, BOOTS, Limited.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
HORSE KILLED ON THE RAILWAY.

An accident occurred on the L. & N.-W. Low Level Railway, near to the level crossing at Bank Quay, on Tuesday night. It appears that a gate on the branch line to Messrs. Monks. Hall and Co.'s works was left open, and a valuable three-year- old colt, strayed from Sankey Hall Farm, got through 1, the open gate and thence along the branch line, on to the main line. A luggage train passing at the time knocked down the animal and killed it.

ALL HOUSEHOLD LINEN, hemmed and marked, free of charge.—J. and W. DUTTON, Sankey-at., Warrington.—Advt. CHESS MATCH AT WARRINGTON.

A chess match was played at Warrington on Monday, between Ardwick 2nd and Wairington (" C " League). Score:— Won. ARDWICK. Drawn. WARRIN4TON. Won. 1 J. Wahltuch - Canon Dodd 0 J. Roy Car3on - Dunne 1 . R. Fitton - Chandler * 1 J R. Raby - Mason 0 - J. Brookes - 0 W• B. Kenyon - Ts.3lor 1 A. Boughey - Wood

*Unfinished. ODDFELLOWSHIP AT WARRINGTON.

The fortnightly meeting of the meml'ers of the Constitution Lodge of the Independent Order of Oddfellows, Manchester Unity (Warrington Dis- trict), was held at the White Bull Inn Horse- market-st., on Saturday evening, when Inn, more members were initiated,bringing the total numbers of the members of the lodge up to 217. Three of them had been transferred from the Children's Burial Society, of which P.P.O.M. W. Daintith is lodge secretary, having been entered into that society at the respective ages of two days, six days, and one month. This makes a total number trans- ferred from the Children's Burial Society to the Constitution Lodge since 1882 of 31 members, or one-seventh the strength of the lodge. The District Officers were present at the initiation, Prov. G.M. Thomas Rigby acting as lecture master.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
FUNERAL OF THE LATE MR. PAYTON.

The funeral took place at the Warrington Ceme- tery on Saturday afternoon, of the late Mr. William Payton, of Bewsey-road, who died on the • previous Wednesday at the age of 48 years. A large number of very beautiful wreaths, &c., had been sent by sympathizing friends. Among those who gathered at the graveside to pay a last tribute of respect to the deceased's memory were the following :—Mrs. Payton (widow). Mr. W. H. Payton (son). Miss Payton, Miss Mabel Payton, Miss M. Payton (daughters), Mrs. Payton, sen. (mother), Mr. Jas. Pa ton, and Mr. Jno. Payton (brothers), Miss M. Payton and Mrs. Atkin (sisters), Mr. H. Shaw (brother-in-law), Mr. Jossph Payton and Mr. W. Payton (nephews), Mr. Charles E. Bunch and Mr. J. Griffiths (representing the Pearson and Knowles' Company), and Mr. A. H. Burgess; also the follow- ing—Messrs. S. Wakefield, G. Legge, C. Clive. J. Ashton, J. Bunch, J. Whalley, G. Wright, E. Robert- son, J. Muir, J. Bibby, P. Brimelow, J. W. Kershaw, T Walsh, R. Whitfield, F. It. Roberts. G. NV ailing- ton, T. Wallington, T. Truelove, C. J. Hayes, C. Skinner, A. Wakefield, F. Aukland ; Sergeant-Major J. H. Day, Sergeant Chamberlain, and Sergeant Considine. The following brethren of the Masonic Lodge, of which the deceased was a member, were also present :—R. T. Smith, W.M. ; F. Nield, E. Rose P.M. (secretary); S. J. Beaman, W. H. J. Jenkins P.M.; A. G. NV ebster, P.M.; J. Baird, P.M.; J. J, Atherton, J. Dobson, S.W.; IV. Atherton; W, Bellian, S.D. ; W. Coppock ; J. H. Scarisbrick, J.D.. W. Richardson, P.M.; W. Chantry, J.D. • J. Hedg- cock, W. J. Shaw, F. J. Dell, A. Jolley, J. Griffiths, J Waldron, R. Lunt, A. F. G. Potter, P.M.; S. Wake- field, J. W. G. Craddock, S. Barlow, J. Smethurst, P.S. W. ; J. H. Galloway, and J. Mawson.—The funeral service was impressively conducted by the Rev. John Yonge, pastor of Wycliffe Congregational Church, which place .of worship the deceased had attended, and of which place his son holds the posi- tion of organist. GOOD TEMPLARY IT LA.TCHFORD.

The quarterly session of the East-add-Cheshire District Lodge wee held in the Temperance Hall,on Monday. Bro. H. 11. Drury, D.C.T., presided, sup- ported by Bro. L. Ellison, D.Co., Bro. D. Fog, D.S.J.T., Sister M. E. Armstrong, D.V.T., Bro. B. Battman, D.S., Bro. A. J. Fawkes. D.Treas., Bro. A Dew, D. Chap., Bro. C. F. North, all., Sister A. NI. Anderson, D.Dfiss., Bro. J. Parker, D.G., Bro. Thos. Hulme, D.Sen., Bro. F. A. Jenkins, D.A.Sec., Sister

E. A. gewcomh;e,D.D.M.,Bro. T. Un.derwood,P.D.C.T. There was a large attendance of district members and visitors. The report of the D.C.T. showed the state of the various lodges in the district. and con- tained many items of special interest. The report of the D.S J.T. gave an account of the Work bring done among the juveniles which was satisfactory. The D.Treasurer reported a good balance in hand. The report of the D.Secretary gave figures respect- ing members and progress made throughout East- mid-Cheshire. Resolutions were adopted calling upon the Government to re-introduce the Local Veto Bill next session end to press it through Par- liament; further calling upon Good Templars to select the right candidates for Parish Councils. An adjournment for tea was made after which thp District Lodge re-assembled at 6.30 p.m. A stir- ring address was delivered by Bro. H. H. Drury, D.C.T., followed by Bro. D. Fogg, D.S.J.T. The third degree was conferred on 27 members of the Bonehill Branch Lodge. Votes of thanks were ten- dered to the Latchford friends, after which the session was closed by singing and prayer.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PEOPLES COLLEGE.

RESULTS OF EXAMINATIONS.

The Hon. Secretary (Mr. J. J. Crosfield), has re- ceived from the Education Departmept the report of H.M. Inspector, Mr. E.L. Phelps, on his examina- tions of the school in October last when 914 child- ren-518 boys and 396 girls—were present. Of these 131 were in standard 1., 150 in standard 11., 169 in standard 111..155 in standard 1V.,150 in standard V .101 in standard VI., and 58 in standard VII. In addition to the elemnitary and Class Subjects—grammar and gen- Araphy-137 scholars were examined in algebra, 24 in shorthand and 104 girls in domestic economy. As :he result of this examination, the highest possible grants have again been awarded, as has invariably been the ' case in past years, for the elementary work, elass sub- jects, and discipline and organisation. The highest 1 grants have also been made for algebra, shorthand and domestic economy and 65 girls qualified for the cookery grant. The report is as follows :—" Although there is, as hitherto, much to praise in the condition of this school some of the work falls a little short of the highest standard generally attained, notably the arithmetic of the fifth standard and of the girls in the sixth standard; the composition also of the two highest standards shows less originality of thought and facility of expression than usual. Most of the elementary work in the lower standards, on the other hand, is of excellent quality and the class subjects are thoroughly well mastered Both algebra and shorthand have been successfully taught and domestic economy is on the whole good, though a little wanting in intelligence in the first stage." The two infants' schools in connection with the People's College at Bank Quay and Cairo-st. have also received the highest possible grants, and their reports are as follow—Bank Quay Infants' School: "The. premises at Bank Quay have been altered and improved consider- ably. The children are well behaved and talc a lively interest in their work which they do remarkably well.' Cairo-st. Infants' School :" The infants are very wel taught and disciplined." The results of the drawing examination conducted by Captain Royse, It.N., in September last, when 526 boys and 386 girls were examined in standards I. to VII. have been received from the Science and Art. Depart- ment. The mark excellent has again been awarded and 45 cards of merit have been gained by scholars in standards VI. and VII. who passed in each of the three subjects, freehand, geometrical and model drawing. Of ex-Standard VII. scholars, Elizabeth Bayley, Martha J. Bibby. Frederick J. Carlisle, Evelyn Daintith, Annie Granger, Herbert Moss, Eric 0. Leatherbarrow, Charles S. Spensley, and Gertrude Fennelly obtained second class certificates in second grade freehand, and John D. Cannell a first class certificate in the same sub- ject. Elizabeth Bayley, Martha J. Bibby, John P. Hic,rnett, and Gertrude Fennelly obtained second class certificates for second grade model drawing and Evelyn Daintith a first-class certificate for the same subject.

71"ir IBRUNSWICK MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT CLASS. The weekly meeting of this class was held on Wedues day evening, Mr. Simister in the chair. There was a very good attendance. A paper was read by Mr. F. Stubbs on" Self made man." A good discussion followed in which a large number took part.

LAIR'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS

BrAIR'S GOUT PILLS. For RHEUMATISM, BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. GOUT, LUMBAGO. and SCIATICA. BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. The acute pain quickly I'6l owed BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. by these Fills. Is Sure. Safe, and BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. Effectual. Price 1. lid. and 28. 9d. per Bea.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
B

filontp.

£2OOOOO At from 4 per cent. (trust and other money) to be Advanced on Mortgage or Deposit of Deeds, in sums to suit borrowers, in any part of the country.—J. W. READER, 5, Cook-street, Liverpool. Tel. No. 5.182.

Nit ONEY LENT AT 5 PER CENT. to respeotablesons 1.11 on simply promising to repay, no security required.— At.ply before going elsewhere to JOHN WILSON, 15, Cable-st., Liverpaol.

NO FEES UNLESS CASH IS ADVANUED. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO upwards OM BORROWERS' OWN PROMISSORY NOTE

WITHOUT SUR*I--IK-S7 - Upwards of £70,000 now being lent annually. For prospectus and terms, apply to GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 2.0, KENNEDY STREET, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1870.

===== 0002601_18941201_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES AND WARRINGTON.

MR. JOHN B. GOODWIN continue-;-t-o-nia-e-AD—V. AMIDES PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working-men, and all respectable Hcuseholders, on their own security. 019NEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public encit4ri& on your simple written preraise to pay back.—Apply et TORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES, and in WARRINGTON at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane, any Evening from 6t i 7. Applications from RUNCORN and District generally receive precisely the same attention.

MARKETS. WIDNES, SATURDAY.—Frosh butter, is 4d and Os Od per lb.; fresh eggs,l2 for 18 ; fowls, 3s Od to Os per couple ; ducks, Os Od to Os per couple ; d per lb. ; beef 'lid to 9d per lb. ; mutton 44 to 6d per lb. ; pork, 94 to Oct per lb. ; veal, Od to Od per lb. ; lamb. 04 per lb. ; potatoes per load, 5s 6d. RUNCORN, SATURDAY. Fresh butter is 44 ant Os Od per lb.; fresh eggs,lo for Is fowl. 4s Od to Os Oct per couple; ducks 6s Od per couple ; geese; Os to Cd per lb. ; turkeys Cs to Os OA per lb. ; beef, 84 per lb.; mutton, Sad to 17s per lb. ; pork Cd to Sad per lb. ; lamb Od to Od per lb. ; veal Od to 9d; per lb. ; potatoes, bs 04 to Os Od per load. Cheese 7ad per lb. WARRINGTON M A RKET.—WEDNESDAY, Nov. 28Ta. FRUIT, VEGIP TA TILE. POULTRY, BUTCHERS', AND

Muttonrirrßeef,irrakkl i:Bid-n,e,,,,,1:•.11' thIPIPSHS:OONGERS' TABLE. S d s. ,i, s. d. s. d. Lamb per lb 0 0— 0 0 6 010 Celery -V stick 0 2 0 3 90 Melon Oranges, each each.. • 00 60 --00 81 0 6 0 9 Pears 0 2 0 3 00 56 -- 00 ,9) CA rn rr oi ct (;. t ns e eachr lb ... 00 00 00 10 ~ cured Whole pigs„ se 8 d— 8 5 Cucumbers each° 4- - 0 6 Geese „ Fow's V, couple 4 6 5 6 Tomatoes it' lb 0 6 0 8 Chickens Ducks „ Rabbits Hares. each ... 4 6 -0 0 Asparagus VIC 3 0 0— 0 0 Pigeons,, Par. 'ldgebrace 3 6—P 0 New potatoes.. 0 1 0 0 Grouse , Pheasant's Turkey 0 10-0 0 Green sprouts lb 0 3-0 0 Butter, fresh 4... 1 2 1 3 B.ans, kidney tti 0 0— 0 0 Hen eggs 7& 8 1 0 0 0 Pomegranates... 0 I—o 0 Duck „ Apples lb Onions „ Grapes „ Pine Apple each 2 6 3 0 „ good 4B 0— 52 0 Greengages PHI 0 0-0 0 , ordinary 3O 0— 40 0 Cherries ~0 0— 0 0 LObster 7 ,t, Strawberries,, 0 o—. 0 0 Turbot „ Damsons „ ~ 0 0— 0 0 Salmon „ Plums , Gooseberries,, 0 0 —0 0 Flukes „ Raspterries „ 0 0— 0 0 Eels „ „ Black Currants 0 o—o 0 Soles „ ~ Red Currants 0 0— 0 0 Sparlings Marrows each 0 0-0 4 Codfish „ Seakale 4, tt 0 0— 0 0 Mac,cerel elch 0 3 —0 6 Tthill,sr, hell n 1 —fl 0 u.rri cr —4,,,, 1 0-0 0

Warrington.—Pt.uted and Publishea by JOHN WALK-art& CO at The Examiner General Printing Works, Bewsey-street. and Published also at The Examiner Offices, Victoria-road WIDN'Es ; High-street, RUNCORN ; 32, George-street,St. Hakim, ; and 33, Market-street, BARLNBTOWN.—DECEMBEE 1,1294.

===== 0002601_18941201_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
"A WONDERFUL WATCH." 50- A thoroughly reliable all HAND-MADE SILVER ENG- LISH PATENT LEVER WATCH, capped, jewelled, and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE, HEAVY SOLID SILVER HALL-MARKED CASES, well finished, and speci- al 4 adapted to fit flat in the pocket. "FOR FIFTY SHILL- INGS." This watch is timed to a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCEI that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION I A Bona fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch, This Watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price. To be obtained only from E. & A. EUSTANCE, watchmakers. THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. N.B.—Sent post-tree to all parts of the United Kingdom on receipt of P. 0.0.

WESLEYAN FOREIGN MISSIONS RUNCORN BRANCH. TWO SERMONS il he prelched in MALTON ROAD CHAPEL, on SUNDAY, DECEMBER End, 1894, in the Morning at 10.30 by the Rev. W. LILE STONE, in the Evening at 6 o'clock. he the Rev. WILLIAM GEORGE he ANNUAL MFETING will be hkl on TUESDAY. DECEMBER 4th 1894 Chair to be taken at 7 pan. by J. R. FRITH, Esq. Addresses will be delivered by the Rev. EDWAHD SMITH (of Manchester) and the Circuit Ministers. Collection at each Servi e o.i behalf of Wesleyan Foreign Missions.

CAMDEN WESL EYAN CHAPEL, RUNCORN. & SALE OF WORK will be held in connection with the above on Decem' er .2th, 13th and 14th. AMUSEMENTS, &c.

WARRINGTON MUSEUM. AN EXHIBITION of Works by THREE WOMEN PAINTERS: Miss I. DAORE Mrs. KINGSLEY, o' Tarpey ; Mrs. E. E. HOUGHTON, is now on view. The MUSEUM is open from 10 a.m. till dusk, and from 6 till 9 p.m. Admission free. CHARLES MADELEY. Curator._

WAR RIN GT 0 N MUSICAL SOCIETY. CHAMBER CONCERT in the CO-OPERATIVE HALL, SANBEY-ST., TUESDAY BYRN ING, DBLEMBER 4TII. ARTISTES .• - Vocalist ...Madame DEWS. Pianoforte Mr. F. W. IfiCYNOLDS. Violin Mr. FRANK H. CROSSLEY. Violoncello Mr. CARL FUCHS. Reserved Seats. 4s. and 2s. 6d ; Unreserved, Is. Plan tit Mr. PEARSON'S, Bold-st, Concert to commence at 7-4 h. W. B. ATKIN, Hon. Sec.

WARRINGTON TECHNICAL INSTITUTE. FREE LECTURES. On MONDAYS, NOVEMBER 26TH awn DECEMBER 3Hu. ART AND 310DERN LIFE. AND ART IN EDUCATION, by Mrs. KINGSLEY TARPEY ; with Lantern Illustrations. On SATURDAYS, DECEMBER BTH AN 15TH. FERMENTATION INDUSTRIES, with Special Reference BREAD-MAKING, ,by JAMB, GRANT. F.I.C. F:C S., (IliancPester Technicil School) ; with Experimental and Lantern Illustrations. At the Lecture-room, Museum at., commencing at 8 o'clock. CHARLES MADELEY, Secretary.

H. ROBINSON, Largeit IMPORTER of Mouldings in the Provinces. Over noe Patterns kept. PICTURE AND SHOWCARD FRAME MAKER, HAS REMOVED TO 21, ST. ANNE-ST., LIVERPOOL. DIRECTLY OPPOSITE THE CHURCIL Country Customers will be allowed return fare on RIO faders and above.

RUNCORN URBAN DISTRICT COUNCIL ELECTION. TO THE ELECTORS OF HEATH WARD. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,— The passing of the Local Government Bill brings us face to face with a new era in municipal government, and the Board of Commissioners now gives place to a District Council. Another matter new to Runcorn is the division of the town into wards. This is a subject that has engaged my earnest attention. I was honoured by the Cheshire County Council to be one of the committee to conduct the inquiry with reference to the suk)ject, and their recommendation was approved by the Council. This, in my opinion, will enable the electors to have more complete control over their repre- sentatives, as they will be able to draw their attention to any matters requiring the consideration of the District Council. My views on the subject of education gene-ally are well known to you. I consider it absolutely necessary that the young people of tee present day should have the full beue fits rising from the grants which the County Council are now giving, and it is immensely satisfactory to find that Runcorn is in the front rank af all urban districts, as they have been recipients of not simply yearly grants for the purposes of higher Cdoteatioe, but a handsome sum towards the new Technical InetitEe, which is approaching completion. My sincere hope Is that fall advantage will be taken of the opportunities provided by the new Institute by these w.shin,; to make progress In the world. My dual position as a Commissioner and County Councillor has enabled me to Ink after the true interests of the town in this matter. You are all aware of the great depression that exists at the present moment in the town, and one of the things that I tkink will facilitate an improvement is the immediate carry- ing out of the agreement of September, 1890, existing between the Commissioners and the •Ship Canal Co. with respect to the provision of a graving doLk. I have hitherto zealously aboured to bring this about, and shall continue my efforts to this end, so that vessels arrivine at Runcorn will not be com- pelled tor) elsewhHe for repairs. This will revive an old industry that gave labour to a large number of carpenters and others. The acquisition of the Water Works by the Commissioners has proved of deeided benefit to the town, for, although numerous difficulties have been encountered during the first year, a substantial profit has resulted. This bears out my expressed anticipations when the scheme was considered bryou. The health of the town is one deserving the closest atten- tion of your representatives, and the increased activity ow the part of the Health Committee during the past two years has met with my warmest support. The reduct on iti the death-rate of late must be gratifying to all of you. All sani- tary improvements shall always receive my earnest atten- tion. There are many other subjects which will call for the attention of your representatives,w hich will include, amongst others, the provision of a recreation ground. This has my entire sympathy, and shall receive, together with all matters affecting the best interests of the town, my most earnest onsideration. It must have fieen-gratttying to you, as a ratepayer, to have found your burdens somewhat lightened by the c ,ntribution f £4OO per annum by the County Couneil for the mainten- ance of the m4in roads of the town. This through my instru- mentality, was secured. I confidently appeal to you for a renewal af your confi- dence which has been uninterrupted for o ver twenty years, and if elected upon the new Urban Distric t Council, you may rely upon my best effort being devoted to Larefully watch all matters concerning the welfare and advancement of our town. I am, Ladies and Gentlemen. Yours faithfully, PHI LIP SPEAKMAN. The Mount, Higher Runcorn, 29 November, 1894.

WEDDING RINGS --PURE GUINEA GOLD 22-CAR A.T WEDDING RINGS. Largest Stock and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from is. 6d. to 503. All sizes and shapes, iitcluding the Round and Half-Round always in stock. A handsome present given to each purchaser. . Finger size cards post free. B. AND A. EUSTANCE, THE ILLustirreran CLOCK, 43. SANKEY-STREBT. WARRINGTON. N.B.—Strictly Private Room for fitting. ESTABLISHED, 1664.

HUSSEY'S BROOCHES. IN GOLD. SILVER, GILT, AND OXYDISED. PARISIAN DIAMONDS. SET IN REAL SILVER, EQUAL IN APPEARANCE TO GENUINE DIAMONDS. We buy direct from the MANUFACTURER, and Supply the TRADE, PRICES from le. to TEN GUINEAS. When you are in Town a VISIT will Repay you. OVER 3,000 TO SELECT FROM AT 116, BOLD-ST., LIVERPOOL.

TOYS AND GAMES. The Largest Sel-ction of Toys in the 'City. Prices from Is. to £5. Rocking :Horses. Dolls, Mail Carts, Swings. Pole Horses, Bassinettes, ac. All guaranteed English make. ALL THE LATEST PARLOUR GAMES is. EACH. SLADE, 73, BOLD-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

1 SILK UMBRELLAS RECOVERED FOR /1.1 ANY SIZE. R AUL OUTFITTER, BRIDGE-ST. (UNDER THE UMBRELLA.)

SCHOLARSHIPS.—The County Council offers for Competition Ten Scholarships to Males, tenable for eleven weeks. at the Dairy Institute. Worleston, commencing January 7th, 1895. The holders will receiv in,truction in Dairy Work, Chemistry, Land Surveying, etc. Applications receive& up to December 15th. RICHARD P. WARD, Crewe. Organizing Secretary.

SIOUTH LANCASHIRE, LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVBSTMENT COMPANY, LIMITED. Head Office: 168, ISLINGTON. LIVBRPOOL. LOANS from £5 to £l,OOO on personal or other security. £l5, Repayable 6s. Weekly, Entire Charge £1 2s. 3d. MO. ~ 201. „ ~ £3 9s. Od. MOO, „ 40s. .. £6 16s. Od. AL.911. GORDON. Manager.

IIiZOIIPTCRES. - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. 1-1) T. lIGQINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure of Rupture; registered; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works,? A 9, Grosvenor-Street, Lon- Non-road. Manchester.

POLICE NOTICE. THE POLICE are hereby GIVEN FULL POWER A- to Arrest all Persons who are not seen in possession of 'me of the PARAGON'S UMBRELLAS or WALKING STICKS, and convey them to B. Ouffmr, The Paragon, Roe- et., (adjoining Royal Court Theatre), Liverpool.

BALL SRASON. IaiANDS SUPPLIED, any number, for Ball, Bntertainments, Parties. ao., by H. ANDBRTON. late WM. Life nerds Band, R.A.M., H.M. State Ball Bands and principal London Orchestras. Brass Band. coached Ruphonium and Trombone Solol4 for concerts.—For term. Apply R. AFIDERTON, 78, Buttermarket-st Warrington.

HIGHEST PRICE Given for Old Gold and Silver, Diamonds, ShellMA and Rleetro Plate. Antiques, Dental Gold, Lc Letters attended to.- C. H. HAYHURST late J.Harris Gibson). 73, Renshaw-street, Liverpool.

GEDDES'S DANDELION C OFF EE The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Cantata, 5d., 10d., and Is. ad each. Wholesale by J GENDER & t 3.51. WRrrington.

LAST DAYS OF SALE AT EDWARDS'S 581 ()EMCEE STREET, LIVERPOOL. At Less than Half Usual Price. REMNANTS OF RIBBONS. REMNANTS OF LACES. REMNANTS OF TRIMMINGS. REMNANTS OF VEILINGE. REMNANTS OF EMBROIDERIES. REIINANTS OF FLOUNCING. At Less than Half Usual Price. ODDMENTS OF GLOVES. ODDMENTS OF HOSIERY. ODDMENTS OF FURS. ODDMENTS OF UMBRELLAS. ODDMENTS OF HABERDASLIERY. ODDMENTS OF UNDERCLOTHING. ODDMENTS OF SKIRTS. ODDMENTS OF CORSETS. ETC.. ETC., ETC. LAST DAYS OF SALE AT EDWARDS'S • 58, CHURCII STREET, BOTTOM OF BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

FURS! LADIES' FURS! You can Purchase Single Articles of Fur at Wholesale Price, all the first fashion; also Sealskin Jackets and other Garments. NORTHERN FUR MANUFACTORY. • Office and Showroom: 21, LEYBR-STRBET, (Opposite the Royal Infirmary, Piccadilly), MANCHESTER. Alterations by the First Skill. Sealskin Garments Re-Fashioned, and all other Fars, Repairs, Re-Dyeing, Cleaning,

QILVER PLATE, GEMS, OLD GOLD AND KJ SILVER, PURCHASED in large and small quanbities or TAKEN IN EXCHANGE for FASHIONABLE JEWELLERY OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. CASH ADVANCED freely at low interest. Utmost privacy. Conditions regulated by law. R. H. REFD, JEWELLER AND PAWNBROKER, 10, MOUNT PLEASANT, LIVERPOOL. (Close by the Adelphi Hotel.)

W. BEATTY, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, BROOKFIELD TIMBER YARD, EARLBSTOWN. Dealer in all kinds of Building Materials. General repairs to Property of every Description. All kinds of Drainage and Sewage Work. Estimates given.

JON. BLUNDELL & SON, PEMBERTON, WIGAN AND (MULL COLLIBRIBS. COAL WHARF, 27, GEE STREET, WARRINGTON. ENLARGEMENT OF PREMISES. COAL LOADED FROM WAGGONS, UNDER SHEDS, PROTECTED FROM EXPOSURE TO THE WEATHER. JOHN DIGNUM, AGENT.

VIOLINS, VIOLONCELLOS, MANDOLINES, GUITARS. BANJOS. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Chanot). Strings, Bows, Cases, /cc., of Finest Quality. ARTISTIC REPAIRING IN ALL ITS BRANCHES AT 37. RENSHAW-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. ALLSOPP'S MILD AND B I TTE R ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM, 2. near WATKIN-STREET WARRINGTON.

CHRISTMAS SHOW OF • NOVELTIES. GEORGE HENRY LEE & CO., BASNETT STREET, LIVERPOOL, Are now Making Their ANNUAL DISPLAY OF FANCY ARTICLES, SILVER AND ELECTRO-PLATE. ART EMBROIDERIES, AND NOVELTIES OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. For CHRISTMAS PRESENTS and NEW YEAR GIFTS. Gift Books for Boys and Girls. THE LATEST BOOKS PUBLISHED. BEAUTIFUL AND ARTISTIC DESIGNS In Autograph Cards FOR CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR GREETINGS. Sp, dial. G. H. and Co.'s is. 31d. Box of Christmas and New Year Cards. Containing 51 Cards and Envelopes. The laest Box ever offered. laigh Class Cards original value 108. By Post 41d. extra. THE LADIES' YEAR BOOR. A most Useful Compendium for the Household, containing Diary. Household Accounts and Washing Books, besides a mass of Useful Information for the Home. Post Free is. 6d. UMBRELLAS, GLOVES, GENTS' TIES, and SCARVES. SEALSKIN JACKETS, FUh MUFFS AND BOAS, DRESS MATERIALS, ac., For Presents. GEORGE HENRY LEE & CO., BASNETT. STREET, LIVERPOOL.

FOR ID JUIDAROMETERS, OPERA AND FIELD GLASSES OF THE BEST QUALITY, AT A SAVING OF 58. IN THE £ GO TO G-. AND N. STOKES. 10, CHURCH-LANE, by St. Peter's Church, LIVERPOOL. TEN YEARS WORKMAN TO WOOD. late ABRAHAM.

A NEW DEPART-TRE IN THE FURNISHING "I" TRADE. A. The extensive alteratione necessitated by continueel increase of business at the Manchester Louvre having now been almost completed, the Proprietors have pleasure in informing their old-established "clientele" and the public generally, that the increased Exhibition Space in their Show-rooms (opposite All Saints' Church) hes enabled th In to stock and display an enormously added Quantity of FURNITURE—both New and Second-hand—so that their Customers have now a Collection to choose frost which it is not too much to say is second to none in the United Kingdom. The recent extensive Sales held by us in consequence of Extension of Premises met with such a ready response from wide-awake clients, that our former Stock was speedily reduced and it became a serious question with us how to cope with the demands of fresh Customers. Whilst, of course the market is being flooded with New Modern Furniture, there scarcely ever was a time when High-class, Second-hand, Durable and • Handsorr e SUITES were more difficult to obtain. But, ever on the alert, and first In the field, we are glad to say that we have been successful In securing one of the rarest and completest Collections of every variety of Furniture everoffered to the public since we entered the Trade, £lO,OOO OF NEWLY ADDED STOCK Now on offer at nearly one half of Its original value. Railway Fares Paid to Country Customers. Catalogues Free on Appli- cation. THOSE ABOUTITO MARRY and those who contemplate adding to their present Stock of Furniture are specially invited to pay an early visit to the Manchester Louvre (apposite All Saints' Church). No one will be pressed to buy, and our Salesmen:have instructions to show the pubic through our Spacious and Elegant Show- rooms without importunity, as we rely upon the Furniture to recommend itself without puffing. The Extraordinary Stock which we now hold must be reduced without delay, as the prices paid by us will not ailew for loss of interest on heavy acalmulated quantities. Quick turnovers and small profits alone suit our class of business. It will thus be seen what an immense advantage we ii)",i) able to show over Houses who hold their Stocks for months and months, and are obliged to charge the Public with the interest they lose on their sunk capital. Every facility is offered to intending purchasers. All goods are delivered free in our own carts and vans, or securely packed for transit by Rail, Carriage Paid. Every article is tested before leaving the premises, and, if necessary, skilled workmen will be sent out to plan carpets and fit the house up. Estimates given for the com- plete furnishing of a House from £2O to £l,OOO in value. Ad- vice gratis on the choice and selection of EVERY REQUISITE FOR COTTAGE OR MANSION. Parties visiting the Manchester Louvre should enter the Oxford-street, Rusholme or Withingtou ear at Piccadilly, and ask the conductor to ;top at the MANCHESTER LOUVRE, where they will be ast mished to find such spacious and elegantly appointed Showrooms, surpassing anything outside of London. Do not forget that we now hold THE MOST COMPLETE COLLECTION OF FURNITURE EVER OFFERED, AT ABOUT ONE-HALF ITS ORIGINAL COST. Absolutely unapproachable for E egance, Comfort, Durability, and Cheapness. THIS WEEK'S LIST OF BARGAINS. 6ft. Brown Oak Sideboard, with lofty plate-glass back superbly carved ; original cost £75, price, £35. Solid Walnut Bedroom Suite, by Neild. comprising sft fully enclosed wardrobe, pair of large-sized toilet tables with side reflecting mirrors, bedside pedestal, three chairs, and towel airer, price delivered, £23108., cheap. Bedroom Suite in satin walnut and Ash; 4ft. wardrobe with bevelled glass door, pair of enclosed toilet tables, pedes- tal, three cane chairs and towel akar, complete for £l2 125., worth £2O. Solid Walnut Suite, smaller size than shove, with the same quantity of articles. 10 guineas. Breakfast Room Suite, all complete, £3 Us 6d. Sideboard, in mahogany, £2 2s. ' Heavy Parisian Bedstead, with upholstered back, curtains and vacancies, all complete, £4 15s. Wire Mattress, to fit the above, 9s. 6d. Large Quantity of Secondhand Kitchen Furniture at less than half the usual price. Dining Room Suite in real skins, solid frames, by Reilly, beautifully upholstered large couch, pair of easy chairs, and six standard small chairs; only been used three months, £l2 12s. Complete Furnishings for Drawing-room in inlaid rose- wood. The suite is upholstered in expensive Genoa velvet, superb cabinet overmantel, fancy tables, brass fender, fire brasses, velvet pile carpet, and hearthrug, complete for £27 108.; cost when new, £5O. sft. Walnut bideboard, with very lofty glass back, enclosed with drawers, cupboards, 14c., well worth £2O. Our price delivered £8 10s. Parisian Bedstead, very heavy £1 17 6 Wool Mattresses, full size 0 12 6 Hair Mattress, full size All Brass Beisteads. full size Railway fare paid to country customers, and all goods delivered free. GOLDSTONE AND SONS, THE MANCHESTER LOUVRE, 115 AND 117, OXFORD-STREET, ALL SAINTS', MANCHESTER.

PHOTOGRAPHS FOR CHRISTMAS PRESENTS. MR. BIRTLES. Would like to remind his °lents that Appointments should be MADE EARLY for Pictures required to be FINISHED FOR CHRISTMAS. The weather at this season of the year being very uncertain. MR. BIRTLES has the most extensive premises and the best fitted for pho,ographic work in Lancashire. PORTRAITS FINISHED IN CRAYONS OR WATER COLOURS. MINIATURES ON IVORY. CABINET PORTRAITS, ec. LBGH HOUSE PHOTOGRAPHIIC STUDIOS. WARRINGTON. N.B.—Mr. Birtles does not send canvassers round. and he would like his cu4tomers to know this.

A GRIPPIN IS A GRAND MEDICINE FREE FROM POISON. JUST TRY IT FOR ANY OF THE FOLLOWING COMPLAINTS. IT IS IN ONDERFITL For MEASLES, Teething. Headache, BILIOUSNESS, Feverishness, Sore Throat. Bronchitis, or any CHEST complaint, Pains in the BACK, any Rash or Eruptions on the Skin, any painful redness Swelling or Abscess any SKIN DISEASE, any BLOOD DISORDER. BITES of any kind, BLOOD POISONING and purifies the Blood. SOLD by Mr. Bibby, Grocer, St. James-et., Latchford ; Mr. Gandy, Grocer, Church-st. ; Mr. Flynn, Grocer, Winwiek- rd. ; Mr. Hill, Grocer, Ac., Priestly-st. ; Mr. Hollowell, Grocer, Liverpool-rd. IN POWDERS, TWOPHIsiCH BACH.

TEETH ! TEETH! TEETH! MACDONALD'S COMPANY. WHOLESALE ARTIFICIAL TEETH MANUFACTORY (Registered.) H.M.R. Letters Patent. (Trade Mark.) The Best Etna Cheapest House in the Profession. Single Teeth, 2s. ; Sets, 20s. Pit and Quality Guaranteed Patients fitted while they wait. A lady in attendance. The Trade Supplied. All best materials and workmanship Teeth extracted free from 6 to 8 p.m. Teeth extracted without pain. Free consultations. 9 PICCADLLY (Opposite Infirmary Clock). MANCHESTER.

STAMP COLLECTORS. Try our CHRISTMAS PACKET OF STAMPS; sure to give satisfaction ; price, Is. id. by post. Wholesale and Retail Lists Free, Large Stock of Rarities on hand, We Buy Old Foreign Stamps, loose or in books, on envelopes or other- wise. Old Stamped Envelopes Bought, THE LIVERPOOL STAMP CO., 21, VIuTORIA-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

CURED IN THE OLD STYLE WITH OAK BILLET ONLY. DELICIOUS FLAVOUR. Fresh Daily from our own Curing Houses. PRIME YARMOUTH BLOATERS. 12 for is. 6d., 25 for 2s. 6d., 50 for 4s. KIPPERS and RED HERRINGS at the same prices. Carriage paid to any Railway Station on receipt of Postal Order and addressed label to PLEASANCE & CO., 64, ADMIRALTY ROAD, GREAT YARMOUTH.

LORD BROS.' FOR THE NEWEST, THE BEST, THE CHEAPEST, JACKETS, IN CAPES, pALETOTS, MACKINTOSHES, Fußs' DRESSES, UMBRELLAS, &C. The Latest Designs are constantly being added to our Stock, "OUR MAKE" is unsur- passed for FIT, FINISH, QUALITY, AND PRICE. Closed every Thursday, at 1 p.m. 128, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS. F • OR ji_J TN ANiSli BUTTER, • SMOKED WILTSHIRE, IRISH ROLL AND HOME-CURED BACON. PRIME CHESHIRE CHEESE, In fact for General GROCARIES AND PROVISIONS At Prices to SUIT all try E. DOWNES, FAMILY GROCER AND PROVISION DEALER. 12, OXFORD STREET. EA.RLESTOWN.

THOMAS FRAIN, DEBT COLLECTOR and GENERAL COMMISSION AGENT, 39. GLADSTONE STREET, WARRINGTON. DEBTS BOUGHT. OR COLLECTED ON COMMISSION. Special Arrangements, ac. for the Collection of Wholesale ACCOUNTS. REFERENCE and RATES of COMMISSION on application. AGENT for the Imperial Live Stock, Aecideat, and Northern Plate Glass Insurance Co.

LADIES AND GENTLEMEN'S MACINTOSHES. READY MADE OR MADE TO ORDER in Lthe latest style. ONE HUNDRED PATTERNS to select from. Waterproof goods of every Description. Co JACKSON HOLMES. TAILOR AND GENERAL OUTFITTER. MARKET GATE. WARRINGTON. AGENT FOR THE CASTLE RUBBER CO. LIMITED.

FURNITURE CLEARANCE SALE. GREAT REDUCTIONS DURING THIS MONTH. The First Sale in Nine Years. T. GREAVES, THE TOWER, BRIDGE FOOT, WARRINGTON.

THE BEST MEDICINE FOR BILE, THE BEST MEDICINE FOR WIND, THE BEST MEDICINE FOR INDIGESTION, IS EADE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. They quickly remove the irritation and feverish state of the STOMACH, correct the morbid condition of the LIVER. relieve the system of all impurities, which, by circulating in the blood, injuriously Rifest the action of the KIDNEYS, and, by removing the causes of so much discomfort restore the vital energies of body and mind. -- FADE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. Sold by all Chemists in Boxes, is. lid. and 2s. 9d. or mailed Free on receipt of remittance by GEORGE EADE, 72, GOSWELL-ROAD, LONDON, E.C. EADE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS.

EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. THE FIRST TWO PILLS TOOK THE PAIN AWAY. EADE'S plus. 2, College Prok ViVas, Kensal Green, London, W., May, 1891. EADE'S pILLS. Dear Sir,—l feel it my duty to tell you I had Rheumatic Gout hADW ip S ILLS. once, and had to stop at hoe for three weeks. I cannotdesoribe the pain I suffered. I read your Advertisement, and looked upon it as all others. A brother signalman said, "Try them. I did so. THE FIRST TWO FILM; TOOK MB PAIN AWAY in a few hours, and I was able to resume my work. No one need be frightened to take them. I have recommended them GOUT t. 9 all whom I have heard complaining of Rheumatism, RHEUMATISM Gout, Lumbago, Neuralgia, I hope no one will doubt GOUT my statement.—Yours sincerely RHEUMATISM JAMES PETTENGALL. Mr. G. Bade. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. Prepared only by George Bade, 72, GOS WELL-ROAD, LONDON. B.C. ; and Sold by all Chemists in Bottles, Is. lid., and 2s. I. GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. EDuLARcE'S TRic IGHTING.—GaS Engine and Dynamo corn binations. Hot air engine and Dynamo combinations Steam Engines and Dynamo combinations, complete Electric Installations for Shops. Offices, Works, Warehouses, private and domestic premises,—Contractors, WILLIAM BUTTER- WORTH & Sow. Showrooms, King-st., West, Manchester. 1

RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO. IN SURES AGAINST RAILWAY ACCIDENTS, ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY. CAPITAL £1,000,000. Es I'ABLISH ED 1849, COMPENSATION PAID £3,350,000, 64, Cornhill, London. W. D. MASSY, } A. VIAN, secretaries AGENTS Pirarrington Mr. C J. HOLMES, Market Gate Mr. W. H. RIGBEY, Central Station St. Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street Knutsford Mr. ALFRED E. CUTTER Saudbach Mr. R. FINLOW.Rookery Bridge

TANNERS' LANE COAL WHARF WARRINGTON. MR PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON COMPANY. LIMITED. INCE HALL COLLIERIES, NEAR WIGAN. LOCAL MANAGER, ALFRED PERRIS. All kinds of House Coal, Nuts, Burgy, and Engine Fuel kept in stock. Wagons sent to any Railway Station, House orders promptly attended to. Telephone Ne. 98. N.B.—Orders received also at 19a, Sankey-st.

rir G. PATERSON, 1 • FLUSHING, HOLLAND. The TURF REGISTkai, published twice daily, is forwarded post free on receipt of address. Double and Treble Events on all Principal Races. Starting Price Limit Minor Races :- 16 to 1 win. 4 to I place, 8 runners. No Limit Principal Events.

XMAS 1894. SEASONABLE GIFTS. &STANCE'S ANNUAL XMAS SALE. COMMENCES SATURDAY, DECEMBER IST, and continues throughout the Month, during which their ENTIRELY NEW AND EXTENSIVE STOCK OF GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES, CLOCKS, JEWELLERY, SOLID SILVER PLATE, and BEST BLECTRO-PLATE, will be subject to a BONA-FIDE DISCOUNT OF 2s. IN THE off their usual low plain figure prices. A SPLENDID ASSORTMENT OF SEASON NOVELTIES IN EACII DEPARTMENT. IMPORTANT TO WATCH BUYERS. As the SALE DISCOUNT of 2s. in the £ applies to the whole of their Stock, intending buyers should at once procure one of their LEADING SPECIALI- TIES in OWN MAKE ENGLISH SILVER LEVEES, fitted with all the very latest PRICES, 455., 50s. 635., 855., 100 s. These prices subject to the Discount, represent actual money value, thus it is possible to obtain a First-class HAND-MADE ENGLISH SILVER LEVER WATCH FOR 40s. Bach Watch fully guaranteed for 15 years. PLEASE XOTE A.DMIESS_ E. & A. ESTANCE, Till ILLUMINATED CLOCK. 43, SANKEY-STREET. WARRINGTON. Retabliabed 1864.

BAKERS AND CONFECTIONERS' INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION, LONDON, 1894. JAMES HORTON, BARER. &C., LATCHFORD, OBTAINED THIRD PRIZE AWARD AND DIPLOMA For PURITY, SWEETNESS AND EXCELLENCE OF BREAD. Ask for HORTON'S BREAD, WHICH IS ABSOLUTELY PURE. Diploma may be seen at the Grand Clothing Hall. Bridge-st.

ssTABLIsHRD 1855. WILLIAM LINDOP, 72, THOMA.S-STREET, MANCHESTER. BOWLING GREEN BOWLS AND BILLIARD BALLS, CURS. TIPS. CHALK. WAFERS, CEMENT. AND ALL BILLIARD ACCESSORIES. DOMINOES, CHESS, DRAUGHTS. &o. UMBRELLA AND WALKING STICK MANUFACITURBR TO THE TRADE. REMBRANDT ART STUDIO, 18, FRIARS' GATE, WARRINGTON. (Round by Lipton's). (Dont Forget It.) J. W. JAMSON. THE PHOTOGiIAPHER. Guarantees a Good Portrait at a Reasonable Price. TRY THEM. Photographs of Anything and Everything.

HEALTHY POULTRY! ABUNDANCE OF EGGS! SECURED BY USING " 0 V U M" HORLEY S Sp cially Prepared POULTRY AND GAME SPICE. " ovum " fortifies the Constitution, produces • ABUNDANCE OF EGGS, and enables Birds to withstand sudden changes of Weather. Sold in CB. es containing 72 Packets, 6/-. Also in Bags-32/- Cwt. ; 16/6 FCwt. ; 2/6 3-Cwt. 7-lb. Bag forwarded per Parcels Post on receipt of THREE SHILLINGS. Full Directions in each Bag and on each Packet. JOSEPH THORLEY, KING'S CROSS, LONDON.

W. P. & W• SKELTON, LIMITED, JUBILEE BUILDINGS, HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON. COMPLETE HOUSE FURNISHERS, GENERAL IRONMONGERS, SMALL WARE DEALERS, BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, CYCLE AGENTS. GOLF CLUBS, TENNIS GOODS, BATS, WICKETS. BALLS, LEG GUARDS, GLOVES, Ac. WIRE NETTING, FERO .NG WIRE. BASSINE rTES, MAIL CARTS. MATS, MATTING, CARPETS, RUGS, LEATrIER BAGS' OF ALL DESCRIP- TIONS. LADIES DRESS TRUNKS, TR.AVELLING TRUNKS. WE RESPECTFULLY SOLICIT ENQUIRIES. JUBILEE BUILDINGS, HORSEMARKET ST.. WARRINGTON.

ASTHMA!• ASTHMA! ASTHMA! THg LEWIS REMEDIES, 28, BUDGE-ROW CANNON-ST. LONDON, E.C. Wonderful(urea Effected. Send at one for Tpoimonials. Press Opinions, Ex. THE LEWIS POCKET NASAL IN - LER, 25., by post 21.10. THE LEWIS ASTIIMA AND HAYFEVER POW- DER. per tin 3s. 6d., by post 9d. THE LEWIS NASAL RESPIRATOR Is., by post is. lid. THE LEWIS ASTHMA EXTERMINATOR. for CI roni Cases, 7s. 6d., comp:ete. " GELASCIT " Cure for Neuralgia in the Head, is. per bottle, by post Is. lid

"We're aw reet neaw !" Eaur good owd teawn's crom full o' zeal, Hoo's put up gates, grand an' genteel ; Wi' Angels watchin' o'er eaur weal— "We're aw reet neaw !" Yes, theer they are, wi' eautstretch'd wings, Wi' nicely ornamented rings An' ovverleokin' men an' things— " We're aw reet neaw !" Sweet omens ov a happier day, Wen nowtiness hez fled away, Ner lads ner wenches goo astray— " V') e're aw reet neaw!' Eaur Anti-Gamblin' folks may step— An' like a bankrupt, shut up shop, Wi' no moor bettin' men to es)p " "We're aw reet neaw !" Thoose " Social Werritins" aw think— • Sitch az bad meyt an' yedd3, drink— Will into cowld oblivion sink— "We're aw reet neaw !" Eaur churches eaur chapels, too, Will hey ev'ry seat an' pew, The faithful legions, good an' true— We're aw reet neaw !". Eaur public-heauses an' hotels, Will change abeaut to springs an' wells, Wheer pious souls con help thersels— " We're aw reet neaw !" Teetotal Resterongs yele meat 1' ev'ry lone an' ev'ry street, An' rowlin' th' money in at neet— " We're aw reet neaw !" Eaur good owd " Chief " will hey less wark To keep his " roberts " up to th' mark— They'l noan be wanted after dark— " We're aw reet neaw !" No lawyers will be needed here— Thay'l waft urn to a far-off sphere, Wheer wig, geawn, fees, aw disappear— " We're aw reet neaw !" " Fareweel to Bridewell, seat o' gloom, Thay'l soon be seaundin' thee thi doom, To make thi in a Mission 12)one !" " We're aw reet neaw !" Then wen aw's settle't, smooth an' nice, We'll aw be singin' wi' one vice, "Thank Angels fer eaur Paradise !" "We're aw reet neaw!" TUM O'PEGS. Roe Bonk, 30, 11, '94. GENERAL NEWS. In the French Chamber of Deputies on Monday, the Madagascar War Credit was carried by a majority of 377 votes to 143. James Willshaw Whitehead was executed in Strange- ways Prison on Tuesday for the murder of his wife at Oldham on the 20th August last. The nomination of candidates for the Briag division, has been fixed for to-day (Saturday), and the polling for Friday, December 7. A shocking murder was perpetrated early on Monday morning in a quiet part of Holland Park-road, Kensing- ton, London, the victim being an unfortunate, named Augusta Dudley. The assassin left behind him a walk- ing stick, but it is feared that it will not afford much of a clue to his identity. The marriage of the Czar of Russia and Princess Alix of Hesse Darmstadt was celebrated at St. Petersburg on Monday amid a scene of enormous popular enthusiasm. Celebration services were held in London, Paris, and elsewhere. The library of Giittingen has a Bible written en palm leaves. There are five thousand three hundred and i seventy-three pages, each made of a single leaf. Accordina to statistics just completed, there are 5,735 steamers flying the British flaz, 810 the German, 510 the I Norwegian, and 503 the French. Mr. Dillon, M.P., speaking ;st Nenaah on Tuesday complained that the Irish were not working the English and Scotch constituencies as they used to work them. They should, he said, place in the hands of the .Irish I Parliamentary party the sinews of war, without which I it was impossible to win.

BE W ISE IN TIME 1 Sufferers from Gravel, Lumbago, Piles, Pains in the Back, Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaints, Diseases of Kidneys, Bladder. Stone, Sci Aim, Rheumatism, and Gout will find a positive Cure in H ilroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box, and if not satisfied your money will be returned. Price is. lid., of all Chemists, or post free for 12 stamps. from HOLYOYD'S Medical Hall, Checkheaton. Yorks. Don't be put off. If you cannot get them, write to the Proprietor and a box will be sent next post.—Adr.

• • , . ,fr(c"ietizting Y"otthiere GIVE EASE & COMFORT DURING TEETHING. Pleasant, Cooling Aperient for Children of all Ages. Try them and pror their value for yourselves. iold everywhere in packets, Is. IA-d. and 20. 9d., or post free 14 or 34 stamps. J. PRITCHARD. CHEMIST. CHEADLE. MANCHESTER (late Chorlton Rona)

RUPTURED CURED without operation. All who wish to get rid of Rupture and trusses .h9uid send to Mr. S. J. `; HERM AN, Iff rnia Specialist, 64, Chancery Lane, Londoa, and 26, King Street. Manchester for his Book post free 7d.—Ads

•I TOBACCONISTS commencing" hid. goide (2'9 pages 3.1 TOBACCONISTS' Co.-186, Enston-ioad,London. m Inager, Hv. MYERS Est. 1866.

I h., Royal Laundresses say Critchley's •• Is unequalled for impartinr a beautifnl finish to starchsd nen, ttc., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr. —, Corn- wall, says :—" My wife will not finish our linen without your ' tarch Gloat.'" From Mrs. —, Bradford : "Dear ail,— I am pleased to Inform you that I have tried many so-called Starch Glazes and Pashes, but find none equal to yours." It ,honhi be used in every house. Sold at Id., 3d., and fid., by -ost starch Belief s. If not in stock will proeore it. T. TiVapirbri rn V.lll' ,rietor. 4.1

RUPTURES. TRUSSES. WOODEND'S PATENT MUSSES, the most comfortable truss ever invented. A boon to wearers, h‘ving no spring at back. Single 7s. Sd. Double 12s. Carriage paid. Send size in inches tc 3. W OODEND. Chemist, 22, Pitt-street, Liverpool.—Advt.

INDIGESTION .. IlEovewrhiosleenmgae,deidcailn profession the T search for some remedy which will cure Indigostion, Constipation, and DyspetAa. Suatii,tic4 show that nearly half the de,tats in civilLe.l countries are caused by diseases of the stount,cli and kidneys. Hitherto the reme lies pre;cribe 1 by the medical- profes:,ion for In,:ig.stion have been of little value, but the C. A. Vogeler Curative Compound does cure Indigestion. It is the most wonderful medicine in existence, a few doses gives relief—a few bottles cure the most chronic cases A trial bottle will convince the buirlwer that we make none but true st atetnents. Price 1/14 and 2,6, of all cheini,ts ; or ,eot free by Parcels Post CM receipt of 14 or ;;O stamns I.y the Sole Proprietors The Charles A. Vogeler Co., 45, Parringdou Road, London.

FOR SPECIAL BARGAINS INSECONDHAND FURNITURE Call at CHARLES GIBSON'S, THE WELL-KNOWN BONA-FIDE ADVERTISER, PAWNBROKER, JEWELLER, SILVERSMITH, AND GENE/7.AL MOUSE FURNISHER, 31, BRUNSWICK-ROAD, LIVERPOOL. HIGH-CLASS GOLD AND SILVER WATCHES, DIAMOND AND OTHER JElk ELLERY, PIANOS by all the leading Makers. Numerous Testimonials showing the Good Value we give.

PIANO FROM E. J. EDGAR, Liverpuol.—Cost the Original Owner when new. 36 Guineas. 15s.—(Very Special).—Magnificont High-olass COT- V TAGE PIANO, front the above well-known Liverpool firm ; beautiful, rich, powerful tone, it ory keys. check aotion, and all necessary improvements ; in very handsome case. Tuned, repolished, and delivered free for £6 15s. Payments or cash. 31, Brunswick-road, Liverpool.

MASSIVB SOLID MAHOGANY BOOKCASE. From Sefton-park, valued at £2O. Q 175. 6d.—(Taken Bxchange).—Very Handsome Solid 0 Mahogany BOOKCASE, standing nearly eight feet high by four feet wide, splendidly fitted with numerous letter racks, secret drawers, and other private compartments, with writing desk and all complete ; really a genuine well-maile, substantial article, not simply a cheap flimsy make; was made to order for £2O. Worthy the attention of medial men, solicitors, and gentlemen holding responsible positions. Gibson's price, £8 17s 6s. E.sy payments to suit the pur- chaser, 31, Brunswick-road, I* •rpool.

To CAPTAINS. OFFICERS, MEDICAL MEN, & OTHERS —GENT'S 18-CARAT GOLD KEYLESS STOP WATCH, MADE TO ORDER, SPECIALLY, FROM HAR- GREAVES & CO. VALUED AT 32 GUIN.NAS. t4l2s 6d.—(Forfe(ted by Special Contract).—High class Gold Keyless Centre seconds Chronograph Stop WATCH, from those unegi alb-d Liverpool makers Hargreaves and Co.; magificent lull jewelled t-plate, gold English hand-made lever movement, specially adjusted gold chronometer balance,tenapered for the most extreme climates; keeping dead guntime ; in very heavy solid 18-carat gold eases, with patent safety keyless action, unbreakable crystal glass, and all the very latest improvements. New last year. alued at 32 guineas. My price £l4 12s 6d. A stamped warranty for 30 years. together with makers' own certifieAtes for 25 years. Payments or cash. 31, Brunswick-road, Liverpool.

UNUSUAL OPPORTUNITY TO THOSE JUT START- ING LIFB.-CONTI.NTS OF A HANDSOMELY-FUR- NISHED HOUSE IN THE VICINITY OF RODNEY- STREET. PURCHASED BY US AT A RIDICULOUS PRICE. THUS ENABLING US TO MAKE THIS TEMPTING OFFER.

CONTENTS OF PARLOUR, COMPLETE.— VALUED AT 75 GUINEAS. 2 GUINEAS.—(AImost N, w).—Extra powerful, grand t/ tone Cottage Pia,to, from Weirs. Liverpool, c-st when new 30 guineas; tuned, repolished, and a written g arantee given for 2 years. Also magnificent Parlour Suite, couch, lady's and gent's easies, and set of small chairs, beautifully upholstered, in solid walnut frames ; not soiled ; was made to order for £l5 10s. Solid Walnut Sideboard, large size bevelled plate-glass mirrors at back, with eupboa- d, draw,-r, and all necessary comp rtments ; cost new £lO Solid Walnut Overmantel, pretty deign; with seven very handsomely bevelled plate-glass mirror. numerous shelves, and brackets ; valued at 50s. Large size solid Walnut Ova! I able, beautifully inlaid, no worse than new ; cost £3 10s. Grand Oriental pattern large-size Carpet, with border, only in use two mooths. cost new. 758; with handsome Rug to match, worth ISs 6d. Full-size Brass Rail Fender.when new cost 25s ; Fireirons to match, cost 12s 6d. Magnificent Solid Marble Clock. b autifully lid ed with gold,and surmounted with very pretty variegated marble, splendid moverni-nt, keeping capital time; on the top of the clock is a very hand- some bronze bust, Ajax ; cost complete. Clock and Bronze, £3 10 ; a written warranty given for clock. Pah' of exqui-ite Hand-painted Vases valued at 21s ; and' two very high-class Pictures, real werks of art worth 20s. The whole of the above grand lot tor 25 guineas. Cash or easy payments. At 31, Brunswick-road, Liverpool.

CONTENTS OF KITCHEN, VALUED OVER 121 GUINEAS. 25 18s 6d.—(ln Grand Condition).—Large-size Kitchen Sofa with loose seat and two pillows. Full-size two - leaf Pembroke Table. Gent's good strong Arm Chair, and Lady's Rocker Chair, and three small Chairs to match. Large-size kitchen Dresser; strong kitchen Fender and Fire- irons, almost new; full size Cloth Heartier ig ; handsome pair of Pictures and kitchen Clock. Kitchen comblete for £5 18s 6d Weekly or monthly payments. 31, Brunswick - road, Liverpool.

CONTENTS OF BEDROOM. VALUED PEARLY £2O. id 15s.—(As perfect as new) .—Magnificent full-size brass X-••fil rail Bedstead, with extended foot, cost new, 565.; grand Feather Bed, 801, ter, and two Pillows, pure, clean, good feathers, in lintn ticks with sides (not soiled), valued at 5 guineas; good strong pair of Palliasses,cos 10s 6d ; very handsome pair of solid Walnut Duchesse'tables, with swing alass mirror and marble slab complete, cost new £6 153; also lark- size Carpet and Rug, valued at 2 guineas; together with Towel Rail and two Chairs, cost 163 6d, The whole of this grand lot only £9 15s. see Gibson's easy payment system. 31, Brunswick-road, Liverpool.

SERVANT'S BEDROOM. COST NEW 'II GUINEAS. R3l2s 6d (Special).--Full-size bedstead, wool bed com- plete and pair of palliasses • dressing tatdo and wash sand, together with chair to match; toilet glass and large size carpet The lot complete for £3 123 6d. Payments taken. 31, Brunswick-road. Liverpool.

COTTAGB PIANOFORTB (FROM HBNRY DAWSON, LIVBRPOOL), Valued at 38 gu neas. 0 153—(A forfeitwa pledge). —High-class Cottage PIANO, from this well-known Liverpool maker, rich mellow tone, ivory keys, check action, full compass, and ail improvements. Tuned, repf Balled, and delivered free for £lO 150. A written warranty for 30 years. Payments 2s 61 weekly. 31, Brunswick-road, Liverpool.

'RUSSELL'S 6-GUINEA SILVER LEVER HUNTER. e p6a..-.u- -rifnetha this year. 58/6 Et. ex toT '112P:51111)u. —s s an "I Lever Hunting WATCI-IRS. magnificent full jewelled quarter- gold movemert, with chronometer balance, expensive ruby jewel s. tempered for any ctimate. and keeping dead gun- time; in very heavy plain solid silver hunting cases, with gold joints. A. standing guarantee for 35 years, together with Russell's own certificate for 25 years. Payments or cash. 31, Brunswick-road, Liverpool. MAHOGANY DUCHESSE TABLES. TO ORDER FOR £l2 10s. t 46d—(Taken in exeh ngel.—Superior pair of solid mahogany DUCHESSR TABLES very large size dressing table fitted with jewel drawers, and extra large siz beautifully plate-glass swinging mirror ; washstand with solid marrde slab. The pair cost originally £l2 15s. Gibson's price £4 'Ts 6d. Cash or easy payments. 31, Brunswick-road, Liverpool.

COTTAGB PIANO. PROM COLLARD lc COLLARD. Cost the former owner 45 cm' neas. 29 79. 6d—(Out of the Pledge.)—Magnificent Upright Cottage PIANOFORI B. from this renowed firm, extra powerful sweet tone' ivory keys. check action, and all improvements. Warranted fi,r 2C years. Turned, repolished, and delivered free for £9 Is. 6d. Cost 45 guineas, Pay- ments.

GOOSE FEATHER BED (Complete.) Cost new £5 15s. 49/6—atiFtowrfoeit.i—iioGwr:indguaFrßlitTHEßeed gor ge.anßuglsotoerse, feathers. in pure linen tier( (with sides), not soiled ; weighs nearly 101bs comp'e•e. Honestly worth £5 15s, Gibson's price 495. 6d. Payments. 31. Brunc,wi, k-road. Liverpool.

LADY'S SUPERB ENGAGEMENT RING. COST 695. 6d. 16/3-itagTeemm.pting off nt RING, er)be—t kiwiath Lfirrartearrreazilialnd dins: anonds (guaranteed without flaw and full of fire), also three lovely faultless sapphires, the lot amounted in solid fine gold. Only 164..3d. Payments. 31. Brunswick-r•ad, Liverpool. - 37/6 —(Forfeited.) Very strong WRINGING MA- CHINE, full size, lig mmvitte rollers ;no worm, than new. Former owner paid £3 ICs. Gibsou's price only 37s 6d. Payments Is 6d weekly.

SOLID- WALNUT OVERMANTEL. COST NEW 755. 32 -3-12Ne=hafintd,..)d—w%irgeseveizzl e Walnutul bevelledOVEß- ,') plates, and numerous shelves and brackets. The original owner paid 755. Gibson's pricu 32s 6d. Payments.

PARLOUR SUITE FROM BRAFORTH. 25 15 64. Suoerior high-class PARLOUR SUITE, made to order by Blair for 38 guineas; richly uphol- stered, solid walnut frames,the suite compr:sing couch,lady's and gent's easy chairs.and set of small chairs. Gibson's price £5 t 5 6d ; only slightly soiled; well worth notice Gibson's new easy payment system. 31, Brlti,swick-road, Liverpool.

KARR BARGAIN FOR A WORKINGMAN. Cost originally 61 guineas. —Gent's-cplis,lssstothpreeozairetz thoroughly g6h f 2 plate jewelledoof centre-secondsPledge.with rubles. In extra heavy cases. A written warrAnty for 30 years. Together with massive curb ALBHRT. Only 27s 6.1. Cash or easy payments. 31, Brunswick-road, Liverpool.

GEORGE JACKSOT-T, PAWNBROKER, JEWELLER. AND SILVERSMITH, 69, AND 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY. Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS. BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS, GUNS and MUSICAL IN- KRUMENTS of every Description. Current Market Price tnr old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

(RAND 8 DAY CLOCK, in mas- k sive Walnut Case, strikes hours Payments taken. and half hours on gong. English movement, equal to ntw ; warranted, 2110 s. a bargain for QUPERIOR Velvet Pile CARPET, Pa led m ents taken. 1,7 very rich design, call and see 19S. OD. this. A sacrifice for

J UST Forfeited Lays very hand- -0 some Diamond and Sapphire Payments taken. RING, 15 carat, Hall marked gold, nearly new, cost new £3105., my gl 8 6D. price 3.

CIASSELL and CO'S., Life and k../ Times of Queen Victoria. just Payments taken. out 4 Volumes of the abov., very handsomely bound in blue cloth, not 21 ls. soiled. Wonderfully cheap for FIRST - CLASS MANDOLINE, very sweet tone machine Payments taken. screw head, and all latest improve- nsent,, usually sold at 355. Wonder- 175.6 D. ful value, for

IAINGLISH CONCERTINA, grand 1.1 tone, cost new £5 10s., by one Payments taken. of the best London mat era, with handsome rosewood box both in per- £2 17 6D. feet condition. Given away for S el RAND Solid Walnut OVER- T MANTLE, almost new, with Payments taken. Brackets for china and ornaments. Warranted best British plate, with £1 bevelled edges Only 19.. OD. B 0 0 0 O 1 S BOUGHT for Cash: town or country.— J. MITCHELL, 30, Long Mitigate, Manchester.

WELL BUILT CO'ITAGE PROPERTY FOR SALE in lota to suit purchasers.--Apply 9, Froghall-lane. Warrington.

RECIPES.—Starch enamel for glazing linen like china, easily made. no chemicals, 6 stamps. Curry, 56 Cathrine-terrace, Llanelly.

fIOMMEIRCIAL TPANSLATIONS at lowest charges. by lJ return post; French, German, Spinish. Over 15 years experience -F JORDAN, Woodside, Galashiels.

Ml. ESMERISM, HYPNOTISM, genuine instructions how to mesmerise easy method, roars of laughter, 7 stamps.—AUTHOß, 33, Or .ven Park-rd., Willesden Junction.

GRIFFITH'S STRENGTH PILLS cure Nervousness, Debility, never fail, 28. 6d. a b02.--GRIFFITH, Chemist, Leamington.

LAUD'S IRON PILLS (F.P.) enrich blood, beautify complexion; gross, post free le.—llocul nicl Co., Edinburgh.

SUITINGS, TROUSBRINGS; from 1/3 yard double; write for patterns. Special lines In Friezes. Special prices to Tailors. —REMNANT CLOTH Co., 315. Hunslet Road, Leeds.

GENTLEMAN'S Black Scarboro' WATERPROOF COATS. 301 n. capes, £1 is. worth £1 15s. limited number, all sizes. Send height.—b , owNs AND WILLES, waterproof garment merchants, Worcester.

ATCHW ORK. —5O pieces silk, satin, brocade, velvet, is. Bd. or is 2d. ; print pieces (good parcel) is. id.; par- cels for bazaar work and doll draping 3s. 6d.—STACEY, London-road, Southampton.

FOUND, a way to make One Pound go as far as Three. The most wonderful Stock of Gentle, ens and Boys' Cloth- ing in Liverpool. Gent's Dress Suits on Lire, 3s. to ss. per cbty.—ELWOOD, 164, London-road, Liverpool.

-KEEP FROM DAMP. I have some extra strong white Waterproof SHRRTS, tift. by 3 t.,2a. 6d.; 6ft. b r 6ft., 5. ; carriage paid to any address ;cost four times the money. - H. J. Olsson', Government Contractor, Rye.

I OHN LOWB, Fire and Thief-proot SAFB MAKER, has ON SA.LB Milner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others ; new and second-hand ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from. --38. Albert-street. King-street West, Manchester.

RUGS I RUGS! I gcod, all wool. Sit. long, 6ft. wide, and weigh over 41b. Government grey, only been used a little, much better than common nw. I will send post free for 35., from H. J. GASsoN, Government con'ractor, Rye.

BILLIARDS ! BAGATELLE !—The cheapest house for Billiard and Bagatelle Tables and Requisit-s is HENN ING EROS, LTD., 29, High-st., London, W.C. Send for new Price List, cloth and Lushi.n samples, post free. Estab- lished 1862.

DRESS SUITS, 20s. excellent condition. Few special Misfits, from 30s. ;Coat, 10s. an4i 12s. Suit, on hire, from 3s. per day. Gentlemen's Misfits and Second-hand Clothing of every description al ways in stock.—ELwoon 164. London-road, Liverpool.

ECZEMA.—" Dr. Wilson's Eczema Cure" immediately relieves irritation and pain and speedily cures the most obstinate Skin Diseases, when other means signally fail. Jars 13. 14. ; treble size, 2s. 9d. At most chemists, or post free, direct from 20. Fordham-at., Liverpool. Ci_KIN and Sr ORBUTIC DISEASES such as IRCZEMA. 1...7 SCURF, SYCOSIS (Barber's Itch), PIMPLES and other truptions cured by " ENGLAND'S OINTMENT."--- Has cured c.ses of long standing after medical n-en have failed. Per Box Is. 41d. By Post 18.64 d. From E. ENGLAND. Liscard. Liverpool.

HEIGHT INCREASED.—Three inches without fear of detection by PINET'S Elevators (Patented). Can be worn in any Boot or Shoe. Awarded Gold Medal. Paris. CAuti OR —only obtainable, Pilorr, B. 56, Berner's-st.,Oxford- at., London, W. Pamphlet and lestimonials one stamp. Note 50.000 people increased their height last year by Pinet's Elevators.

ILLBD by SANFORD'S RAT POISON, which is said IX. by Farmers and others to be the best ever introduced, as they find the rats dead. Hundreds of testimonials from farmers and others. Also poison for killing Moles, a New Discovery, an-wers well. Land infested with these pests can be ape. dily cleared by using SANFORD'S MOLII POISON. Price of either of above. Is. ad.. is 64..25. 6d..58., post free, of SANFORD and SON, Sandy Beds. Sold by Chemists.

" THAT'S WHAT I GHT FOR MY PAINS, as the Cyclist said, when rubbing with IBSON'S FAMOUS HMBROUATION.—BottIes is. ki 2s. 9d., and 45. 6d., post free.—Gu3BoreB EMBROCATION COMPANY, Queen's Avt nue, Castle-st., Liverpool. SOLD at BOOTS, Cash Chemist, Bridge-st., Warrington.

A WARDED FIRST PRIZE MEDAL, Adelaide 11.. Jubilee Exhibition, 1887. and Spiney Centenary Ex- hibition, 1888.—To PICTURE FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS.—Cheapest House in London. for English and Foreign Picture Frame and Room Mouldings—all the newest designs. Two mill,on feet always in sto3k. Veneered and fancy wood mouldings, etc. Picture frames of every description, oleographs, Pcs. Further reduction in prices. Wholesab Carver and Gilder. Eve y requisite for the trade and exportation. Special attention to country and ship kg orders. Full particulars in New Pattern Book just pubVishi (94 pages) containing all the Newest Designs for 4d, stamps. —H. MonELL, 17 and 18. Great St, Andrew-st„ Bloomsbury. London. Telegraphic address 'Rabbitry," London. Stock lists and prices of glass monthly, free.

tibt,Otork, Ogg, Scr.

CANARIES.—Really good singing Cock CANARIES. 38. each, two for ss. 6d.; worth double. —AYRES, 51, Sevier- street. Bristol.

COCKERBLS.— Prize Strains,Peymouth Rocks.Orpingtons. Silver Wyandott's and Minorias, 48. to ss. each. J. G. PowiflLL, Great Sankey.

CLOLDFINCHRS. Fine English goldfinch cocks. 12s. doz ; linnets, c.cks, 4e. doz ; all other british birds kept in stock, goods sent on receipt of cash.—Errocu GowFx, 67 Sclater-street. London, li.

SCOTCH BIRDS.—Red LINNETS, COCKS, 38. 6d. half dozen ; three for 21. ; selected show birds, Is ; Cock Siskins, 2s. : selected, 2s. 6d. ; Hens, Is. ; Bullfinches, Cocks, 2..; Hens, is.; Singing Cock Skylarks. 6d, each, or two for 9d. ; Cock 11,-dpolls, 6d, e,ch. or 9d. Dhir : extra fine German Cock Goldfinches, 3s.—Join TAYLOR, Castle-lane, Dundee, N.B,

BEAUTIFUL SINGING COCK CANARIES, trained by Nightingales. Woodlarks, Titlarks, have long trills and waterbubble, run 1.1., 12s. 6d.. and 15s. each; 2 special Grand SCHOOLMASTERS 21s. each all warranted in full song, health and condition. Sent safe to any address on receipt of P. 0.0.; also a beautiful Grey PARROT, with red tail, talker. 40e.; 5,000 pairs Foreign Birds in stock. Send for price list, state wants; also Persiax Cats and Kittens, Pet Dogs of all kinds. All articles war- ranted first-cIase.—AUGITSTUS ZACHE, Merchant, Portland Aviaries and Pet Stores, 196, Great Portland-st., Londen W.

A LIVIOST GIVEN AWAY, 50 Foreign Stamps, Draught /I_ Board and Draughts, 7d.. post free.—H. TOMBIN, Sid- cup, Kent.

HRUMATISM.—A rod RECIPB, relieves quickly, for 7d.—Address J. Tommr, 8, Chatham Buildings, Manchester.

c)N&Atien, mmA geßrbwygrKe s' vA'pkipiyeSt:oant GilossWKloNrkes and Fenwick-Street, Liverpool, BUAUTIFUL CURLY HEAD OF HAIR in a few days, everlas'ing. Harmless recipe Is. ld.—E. FRENCH, Belgrave road, Gloucester.

BEAUTIFUL Black or Blue SERGE DRESS LENGTH, ss. • very Superior, 7s. 6cl. Carriage paid.—The Bradford Woollen Co., Swan Arcade, Bradford.

MANUFACTURERS' Remnants in Stuffs, Calicoes. Cash- meres, Velvets. Flannels, Zo. ; nibs bundles; cheap; price list free.—W. CLARKSON, merchant, 41, Swain-Areet, Bradford.

TMPORTANT. Wanted in every Household. A quart of DISINFRCTANT for one penny. Send six stamps and stamped envelope for recipe to M., c.o 29, Chesterfield Ter- race,Lichfield.

UURNISHING and UNDERTAKING BUSINESS ; record _1 season ; large premises; old established ; exceptional opportunity; owner retiring.—J. J. ConLErr, Ramsey, Isle of Man.

FOR SALE, 1851 Exhibition shawl, whits silk gauze, bor- dered with broad Oriental pine pattern. 12ft. long by 6ft. broad. Cheap. Approval on Deposit. Price 15gs, OB iw, Elmfield, Callow, Worcester.

FOR SALR, MANUSCRIPT SERMONS on popular sub- jects and addresses for P.S.A's. Specimen 1/-. Also Mantvcript Lectures very humorous.—Address Box 100 Ex- aminer Office, Warrington. •

a HAND :EWING MACHINES (Jones's Make),very latest I_P design. in perfect working orcb-r, El 12s. 6d. each, cost £4 4s. each, receipts to show.—JacxsoN, pawnbroker,opposite Parr's Bank, Warrington.

HORSFS' LOIN CLOTHS.—Best and Strongest in the market —4 in. long. 381 n wile ; waterproof on stout navy canvas, and weighs 41b. I will send one post free for 3s. ; worth 7s. 6d.—H. J. GessoN, Rye. - - WHY TAKE QUACK MEDICINES when you can obtain for six stamps and a stamped envelope ten genuine Prescriptions of a London Physic an for Indigestion, Costive- ness, Piles, Rheumatism, PLAYER, Duxford, Cambs.

UUMIGATING PASTILLES burn in sick-rooms 2; oz.. sample one gratia. Recipes 7d. each. Make hens lay perpetually. Remedy sore throats.—AMY JacKsoN, West mill,Buntingford.

DlLUS.—Spargo Williams "Celebrated Devonshire Oint- ment," bac( cases cured quickly; first application gives immediate relief. Box geld, free, 2 stamps.—Address H. PRESTON, Raglan-street, Halifax, (Agent for Yorkshire). -- lIUNTING SPURS, finest pair,rell silver, fashionable long straight necks, with best straps, patent leather. un- suited. 4s. 9d., worth I guinea: pair nickel plated ones, with good straps. complete. post paid, 2s. 9d. J. WARRILOW, Chi ppenham.

MAGIC LANTERNS, r,LlDES.—(Special barga;ns) and Accessories, Phctographic Enlarging Lanterns, Stare - scopes (and views, splendid c 4lection) Microscopes &c. new and second-hand, very cheap. Manchester Photographic Depot. 71, Oxford-street. (AU Saints).

BB BOY'S OWN GUN, fires bullets, shot or dirts, sure kilter of birds, rabbits, !to., no powder or license roquired, price, 2s. 3d. ; extra powerful. 3s. 3d ; gad en guns, 2s. 6d. ; carria:e paid.—lerorn inventor, JOHN EGHLEsToN, naturalist, Sunderland. 1. 00 sold weekly.

%TB GLOB CIILPBPPBR'S Hit,RBAL COUGH CANDY. L. Absolutely Pure. Guarante-d to contain Seven of Finest Lung Herbs— for Astlyna, Bronchitis, Chest Dia,,as es, Hoarseness and Th-oat Ailments it stands unrivalled. Whooping Cough vanishes before it. Free from drugs. Packets snffi lent for a fortnight sent parfel post free to any slress One Shilling.—Only from the manufacturer, G. PERKlNS,Herbalist, Great Bricklin-street, Wolverhampton.

WONDERFUL Winter Costume SKIRTS direct from Cloth Mills, carriage paid. Fashionable sha, e Cheviot Serges, BLit ks. Navys, lined throu„h. prettily braided, 45 9d. Styl.sli blouses t mateh. 25. 21. t-pe fat creaseless serges, latest novelty, lovely warm silky garments, wear like Irish poplins, 7s. 6d. ; Black, Navy, honestly worth double. In ordering state 1, ngth skirt, waist, bust. Lo don lady writes : " Dresses arrived ; really wonderful "—From THOMA'' COMPANY, Manufacturers Ore n-I ne, Derby.

01115tral ittstruments.

SMITII, SONS. AND COMPANY.—PIANO and ORGAN WAREHOUSE, 34, OXFORD STREET. MANCHESTER. PIANOS BY ALL THE GREAT MAKERS. KIRKMAN ERNST KAI'S. COLLARD GORS & KALLMANN BROADWOOD IBACH HOPKINSON BECHS rm N, &c. For Sale or Hire, or on the 3 )ear's system. PIANOS from 10s. 6d. monthly, ORGA NS from ss. mouthly, till paid for. Delivered tree in Warringtqn and District on payment of first month's hire. Nat. Tel. 2445.

eT• lAT. TEMP ERLEY MUSIC SELLER, 31, LOWLAND'S ROAD, RUNCORN. PIANOS, ORGANS, VIOLINS, &C. Tuning and Repairs. All kinds of Fittings in Stock. Arrangements made for First,Class Orchestral Band and Pianists. _ PIANOS on HINE and on HIRE-PURCHASE.

HENSHAW. PIANOS. HENSNAW. PIANOS 'HINSHAW. 83, Pico 'dilly, opposite Waterloo Hotel, MANCHESTER PEOPLE'S MODEL,' seven octaves, tull trichord, check action, panel H front, iron frame, in veneered cases, £22 cash. or II . may be ihtained by easy payments of 12s. 6d. I monthly. Deliver,d free on receipt of first month's hire. Pianos on hire system from E 10s. 6d. monthly, by all th‘ leading makers. All I I instruments sold by RENSHAW are fully war- I rantel. I 83, Piccadilly, opposite Waterloo Hotel. NPianos timed and repaired or taken in exchange. Ii 1 AMERICAN ORGANS, full compass, with knee swell. in handsomely S finished mirror cases, from ss. ed. monthly till I paid for. HENSHAW, being a wholesale dealer, can give advantages to the public that ordinary dealers H cannot do. I lIHNSHAW deals fairly with his three years' customers in cases of emergency. He does not want both money and instrument. A J HENbHAW supplies dealers witis Pianos and Organs. DON'T BUY YOUR PIANOS OR ORGANS AT IW. HENSHAWS, 83, PICCADILLY, MANCHES- I W TER, if you can get them better and cheaper I elsewhere. I 'HINSHAW. PIANOS. RENSHAW.

TICANO SALE ATE. PARRY'S, 20, DOWNING-ST., MID- I. WICK, MANCHESTER. 300 Pianos must be cleared. Full-compass Semi-grand, by Broadwood £2 15 Full-compass Rosewood Iron-frame Piano, by Stoddart 3 V.) Full-cum pass Iron-frame Cross-string Piano, by Adams 5 5 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Schumann 7 10 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage,by Yates, check-action 8 5 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Collard & Collard 11 15 Full-corn pass Iron-frame Cottage. by Broadwood ct Sons 14 0 Large Chancel Organ. 9 sets, 18 stops, 2 swells, cost 50gs 15 15 Piano & Organ combined, a grand Instrument, cost £lOO 20 0 Piano Orchestrion, self-acting, with music, cost £35 l5 0 Several New Pianos by Beebe, sin, Rnd ibach.. Neumeyer, Colard, Brinsmead, and Bord, at 18 guineas each.

obCpping Rottreo.

- - - • WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL , • MAIL STEADIERS. 411%.'l LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK vies QUeenstOWD, EVERY WEDNESDAY. *LEUTONIO...Wed, Dec. 5. I BILITANNIC Wed., Dec. 12. Cotton not earned on Passenger Steamers. Second Cabin will be carried on trio voyage marked thus*, Steerage passage at low rates, including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore. The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class. uniform In model and arrangements, and unsurpassed In the completeness of their appolatments. Saloon and State Room amidships. Apply to lebtAY, Imam, and Co., 34, Leadgnhall-street, London. 11.0., and 10. Water-street. Liverpool.

EMIGRATION TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD: • JOHN WALKER AND Co.. "EXLMINBR • OFFICE. _• WARRINGTON. AGIINTS FOR CUNARD LINE for NEW YORK every SATUR- kJ DAY, and for BOSTON every THURSDAY.—Fare £2.

A MERICAN LINE—SOUTHAMPTON to NEW .El. YORK, direct every SATURDAY, and LIVERPOOL to PHILADELPHIA, every WEDNESDAY.—Fare £2.

DELAID B. MELBOURNE and SYDNEY 11 STEAMERS from LIVERPOOL.

Telephone : No. 55. ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, OFFICES —Market Gate Chambers, AUCTION Rooms—No.l Rank Street f Warrington. AGENT To—Sun Fire and Life Office, London, Established 1710. Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass, Fidelity Guar- ante° and Employers' Liability) Insurance Association. Established 1856. Imperial Live Stock Insurance Assochtion Limited. Es- tablished 1878. National Boiler Insurance Company, Limited. Established 1864.

HARNESS.—WINTER 13011ili CLOTHING and General Saddlery. MONDAY NEXT, and Iwo FOLLOWING DAYS, at the MART, 37, CORPORATION-STREET, MANCHaSTER, at 11 each day. INR. WILLIAM ELLIS will SELL BY AUCTION the Stock-in-Trade of a GENERAL SADDLER. View mornings of Sale. Catalogues on apptication.

THOMAS VOWDELL. STATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. OFFICES AND SALEROOM, SCOTLAND ROAD CHAMBERS, 45, SCOTLAND ROAD, WARRINGTON. Furniture on SALE by Private Treaty. INSPECTION INVITED.

Valuable Farms, Fields, Houses, Building Land, Ground Rents, Beerhouse, Shop, and other Properties in WARRINGTON, WOOLSTON, ORFORD, BURTON- WOOD, STOCKTON HEATH APPLETON, STRETTON. and LATCHFORD ; also Warrington Corporation Gas and Water Annuities, and Parr's B,nk Shares. T O BE SOLD BY AUCTION By Mr. JOHN MAINWARING, At the fl on Hotel, Warrington. on Wednesday, sth December, 1894, at 3 o'clock p.m. precisely, in the following lots or such other lots as may be dett rmined at the time of sale, and subject to the Public Sale Conditions of the Incor- porated Law Society of Liverpool, and to special conditions to be then produced, and in the meantime to be obtained of the vendors' solicitors :- LOT 1.-A Freehold MEADOW FIELD, containing about 2a. 3r. 30p., in Arpley Meadows, Warrington (near Walton Arches), occupied by the late Mr. John Wainwright's Representatives. LOT 2.-A Freehold FIELD, in Stretton. containing about 5a lr. 12p., having a good frontage to the highroad from Warrington to Whitley, in the occupation of Mr. Joseph Smith. L T 3.-A Freehold FARM, in Cross-lane. Appleton, with House and Outbuildings, in the occupation of Mr. John Ditchfield ; also a Freehold COTTAGE and GARDEN adjo'n., lug, in the occupation of Mr. Robert Roughsedge ; contents 24a. 3r. 21p. LOT 4.-Two Freehold DWELLING-HOUSES, with Gar- dens and Orchard. and several Fields, in Cross-lane, in Appleton. containing 16a. Or. 22p., in the occupation of Mr. Joseph Knowles, or his sub-tenant, Mr. Richard Holcroft,and of Mrs. James Knowles. or her subtenant. LOT 5. -A Freehold COTTAGE and GARDEN in Cross- lane, Appleton, in the occupation of Mr. Thomas Bate, con- taining about 21 perches. Lea 6.-A Freehold DWELLING-HOUSE. known as Whitefield," with Gardens, lately in the occupation of Mr. George Hatton (deceased), in Red-lane, Appleton ; also a Freehold CO'l TAGE adj ithing, in the occupation of Mr. John Shaw. There will also be included in this lot a Piece of Land at the back, forming portion of a field, in the occupation of Mr. John Weir. This will make the lotan excellent and valu- able building site, with a frontage of about 208 feet to Red- lane, the whole containing about 3,484 square yards. LOT 7.-A Freehold Plot of v,.luable BUILDING LAND, in Red-lane, Appleton, adjoining Lot 6, and having a frontage of about 210 feet to Red-lane, and containing about 3,201 square yards, with two Cottages thereon, in the several 02C11- pat ions of Mr. John Shaw, Mr. Philip Howell, Miss A. E. Gill, and Mr. John Weir. LOT 8.-A Freehold Plot of valuable BUILDING LAND in Red-lane. Appleton, adjoining Lot 7, and having a frontage of about 200 feet to Re 1-lane, and containing about 4.049 square yards in the seVeral occupations of Mr. John Hedg- e( cic. Miss dill, and Mr. John Weir. LOT 9.-A Freehold Plot of valuable BUILDING LAND in Red-lane. Applet m, adjoining Lot 6, and having a frontage of abuit 200 feet to Red-lane, an I containing about 3,555 square yards, in the occupation of Mr. John Weir. LOT 10.-Valuable Freehold BUILDING LAND in and near Red-lane. Appl lon, in the occupation of Mr. John Weir, containing about Ba. lr. 71p. This lot is admirably suited for development for building purposes. LOT 11.-A valuable Plot of BUILDING LAND in Red' lane, Appleton, in the occupation of Mr. Thomas Hampson, containing about 3,105 square yards. This is an excellent building site. It is sold,subject to the covenants entered into by the late Mr, George Hatton with the Bridgewter Trustees, which are specified in the special conditions of sale. LOT 12.-Two Freehold FIELD in Woolston, having along frontage to the highway from Warrington to Mattchestev containing about 19a. Or. 25p., in the occupation of Mr. Thomas Houghton. This lot is very suitable for building land. LOT 13.-A Freehold FARM, called Brookhoase Farm, in Long-lane, Orford, in the occupation of Mr. John Hankey, consisting of a farmhouse and outbuildings and three fields in a ring fence containing about 14a. Or. 27p. Ti is lot has a frontage to two roads. LOT 14.-A Freehold BE NRHOUSE in Cow-lane, Burton- wood, known as the "Limerick," in the occupation of Mr;l James Daint th, with an e ,cellent Bowling Green, contain- ing in the whole about 1 acre and 24 perches. 'This lot is in lease to Mr. Rich rd Forshaw for 10 years from the Ist January, 1891, at the yearly rent of £3O. LOT 15.- A Freehold FARM, known as Smithy House Fa m, in Joy-lane, Burtonwood. with farm house and excel- lent shippons, hay shed, and other buildings, in the occupa- tion of Mr. Thomas Norcott, containing about 155 acres. In addition there is another gooddwelling-house. with out- buildings and three labourers cottagos. on separate portions of the farm, and let therewith. i.og 16 -A Freehold SMITHY, known as Dial Post Smithy. in Burtonwowi, containing about 21 perches, in the °coupe; tion of Mr. John Pet.k. LOT 17.-A Freehold FARM, known as Critchley's Farm, with house and outbuildings, in Limekiln-lane,Burtonwood, containing about 64a. 3r. 5p., in the occupation of Mr. William Gleave. LOT 18. - A Freehold FARM, known as Higher Joy-lane Farm. in Buttonwood. with house and outbuildings, in the occupation of Mr. Thomas Forsbaw, containing about 26 acres. LOT 19.-A Freehold FIELD, known as Boggarts Stile, 'situate off Clay-lane. in Burtonwood, containing about 12k acres, in the occupation of Mr. Thomas Howard. LOT 20.-A Draper's SHOP. No. 4, Buttermarket-street (close to Market-gate), in Warrington, in the occupation of Mr. Murphie ; also a Warehouse in Craw-yard, behind the same, in the occupation of Mr. Hall; and also a portion of the site of a Cottage adjoining the shop,occupied by Greenall, Whitley and Co.. Limited, or their sub-tenant. This lot is leasehold for 999 years (except one day) from Ist November, 1872. at the yearly ground reit of £5. The Shop is sold subject to a lease to Thomas Waring. at the yearly rent of £lOO, for a term of 15 years, which will expire on the Ist day of kpril, 1895. Lox. 21.-h Freehold GROUND RENT of £3 per annum, issuing oat of two houses and shop, Nos. 52 and 54, in Winwick-street, Warrington. LOT 22.-A Freehold GROUND RENT for £132. Bd., issuing out of 12 .dwelling-houses, fronting Thelwall-lane, Latchford. LOT 23.-A Freehold GROUND RENT of £4 12s. 10d., issuing out of 4 dwelling-houses, in and near Thelwall-lane, Latchtord. LOT 24.-A Freehold GROUND RENT of £l4 3s. 4d., issuing out of 14 dwelling-houses, situate near Thelwall-lane, Latchford. LOT 25.-A Freehold GROUND RENT of £4 3s. 7d., issuing out of one dwelling-house with stables, near Tbelwall-i lane,Latchford,in the omit atio of Mr. Williams, contractor. ' LOT 26.-A Freehold GROUND RENT of £l3 Bs. 11d., issuing °eta 12 dwelling-houses, situate near Thelwall-lane, 'Latctdord. NoTE.-The several Ground Rents, forming Lots 21 to 26. are payable during terms of ICOO or 999 years. and the free- hold reversion, expectant upon such terms, is included in such several lots. LOTS 27 to 36.-Forty-nine PARR'S BANK SHARES in 9 Lots of 5 Shares each, and one Lot of 4 Shares. LOT 37.-Eight Warrington Corporation Perpetual GAS AN NUl't lES of 22 each, or £l6 per annum. LOT 38 -Sixteen Warrington Corporation Perpetual GAS ANNUITIES of 14s. each, or 211 4s per annum. LOTS 39 to 43.-One Hundred Warringtou Corporation Redeemable WATER- ANNUITIIOS of 155. each. in five lots of 20 annuities each, or £l5 per annum in each lot. These annuities are redeemable by the Corporation on six months' notice after Ist January, 1896, at thelpricelof 30 years' pur- chase. Lcere 44 to 46.-Fifty-six Warrington Corporation Redeem- able WATER ANNUITIES of 14s. each, in two lots of 20 annuities or £l4 per annum in each lot, and one lot of 16 annuities,or 211 4s. per annum. These annuities are re- deal:sable by the Corporation on six months' notice after let January.llB96, at the r rice of 30 years, purchase, Lim 47.-One Warrington Corporation Redeemable WATER 'ANNUITY of £3l 10s. Od. per annum, This is redeemable be the Cori o ation on six months' notice after-Ist January, 1921, at the price of 30 years' purchase. NOTE -As regards the Bank Shares and Corporation Annuities the currant quarter's dividend or half-year's annuity is included with each lot. Further particulars, plans, and information may be obtained from the Auctioneer. Bridge-street, Warrington ; Mr. J. B. Wright, surveyor, Sankey-street. Warrington ; or MESSRS. 'ROBERT DAVIES,KIRECONNEL. DAVIES & BURGFASS, Solicitors. Warrington.

Oarntss, feloruz, eartS, Meg% tfizt HOOPER AND SIMMONS COACH BUILDERS, 6, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES at Moderate Prices. Good Stock to select from. Estimates for Repairs given free. The best work only. Several Good Second-Hand Bn3ughayns. Landaus. Victories, Wagonettes. and Phietons. now for Sale ow Hire.

ON SALE, St. Bernard BITCH and DOG PUP. 10 months old; good tenters.—Apply 269, Scholes, Wigan. DOG OWNBRS' Name and Address Engraved One Shilling. Dog Collars for Sale. Coal Dealers Labels wholesale R.nd retni I.—HALL, 53. Paradise-street, Liverpool.

3nIN. BAND SAW. 9, 12. 15in. Surface Planes, 15, 181 n. kJ Combined Hand and Power Feed Planers, and several Circular Saw Benches.—W. WILD, Dean-lane, Newton Heath.

ORIZONTAL STEAM ENGINE FOR SALE next month ; cylinder 141 n diameter, stroke 301 n., flywheel 91t. Sin., can be seen working.--Further particulars and price at WILLIAM E. GARY'S, Red Bank Spring and Axle Works, Manchester.

66 H R." GAS ENGINES; sizes from / to 10-h p. in st ,ck ; combines the latest improvements—" Otto cycle," tube ignition, self-contained water tank ; simple and compact.—WlLLlAM BuTTltawouTH and SIN, Showrooms, King-stre-t Wtsi., Manchester, Representatives for Lanca- shire.—Nouuts an i HENTY, Ltd., Londo , Proprietors. 2

AVE 1,!;T STONE-BREAKERS, all types, with Steel or Iron Frames; also MORTAR MILLS, CON- CRETE MIXERS, DISINTEGRATORS, and GRINDING MACHINERY, and PORTABLE ENGINES en Hire with option of purchase. New and second-hand, ready for de- livery,—S. MASON and Co., Brandon-st., Leicester.

ST. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS, LIMITED (late Ormerod, Grier Eon, and Co. Limited), Hulme, Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS. Millwright, and all kinds of Engineering Work promptly. Catalogu, ot wheel and pulley patterns on appli- cation.—Telephone 229.

PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BRISTOL. Have in Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particulars on application.

PATENT OFFICE MANCHESTER, ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha 4 more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish- ment, and possess practical knowledge of the-cotton, woollen, and iron manufactures. "Self-hap to the New Patent Law," price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price is. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON, F.1.P.A., M.8.A., 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

BELL'S A SBESTOS WAREHOUSE. BELL'S ASBESTOS PACKED COCKS AND GAUGES, BELL'S PIO ENT AsBESTOS FACED VALVES, BELL'S ASBE7.TOS BOILER COVERING, BELL'S ASBESTOS LUBRICANTS, BELL'S ASBESTOS PA KINGS, SHEETINGS, JOINTINGS, MANHOLE RINGS, • AND ABESTOLINE, Oan only be obtained Genuine, Direct from the Sole Vendors in the .iorthern Counties: P.ll. P U TZ, 8 and 9. SEIM PARADE, Deansgate, Manchester, AND PUTZ, CURPHEY, AND CO., 2, STRAND-STREET, James-street, Liverpool. Illustrated Catalogues post free on application. Telegram Addresses " Asbestos," Manchester ; and "Asbestos," Liverpool. BEWARE OF WRETCHED IMITATIONS OFFERED BY UNSCRUPULOUS DEALERS.

r UCK AND CO., Limited. INDIA RUBBER & PURE ASBESTOS GOODS. LEATHER BELTING. HAIR AND COTTON BELTING LACES, &c. Guaranteed quality. Lace, Thread, or Copper Sewn. or ()EMENTED ()NLY. BONA FIDE MANUFACTURERS. 42, Chapel Street. Liverpool, Also at 35, Market Street, Manchester. London, Cartliff, Newport, and Dublin. LEATHER WORKS. LIVERPOOL.

AN ENGLISHMAN'S HOUSE IS HIS CASTLE or, properly speaking. ought to be. This can never be the case, if unfortunately a would-be householder has to resort to the Easy Payment System. a new name for the ital. quitous Hire system. To furnish a house on the Hire System. alias the Easy Payment System, is to establish and support what is the most cruel, arbitrary extortion ever invented. The prices charg,-d for the goods are enormous, without any regard for quality, the agreements are one-sided, being drawn with a cuteness which would do credit to a money lender, full of despotic and arbitrary restrictions, suchtill not to remove the mark on the furniture, not to remove the furniture, not to wear the furniture. At all times to allow tke mercenaries to inspect the furniture. To pay the instal- ments regularly, and if oneis missed to forfeit the furniture and all the moneys you may. have paid, that is to say, although you might have paid £l9 on £2) worth of furniture, but miesed the last payment by a single day, the vultures could empty your house and stick to the £l9 paid, as well as the iurniture. Other conditions such as permission to break open forcibly night or day, the outer and inner doors of your house, in order to take away the goods, and above all, that no matter how badly nd wickedly they may treat you that 'you undertake not to resort to legal proceedings. Be warned in titre, have nothing to do with easy payment or hire system. If you require assistansie go to Mr. W. H. Worsley, " The Pantheon." Gaytkorne, Manchester, the largest House Fur- ' nigher in the North, who will treat you with consideration, sell you goods at the low, st cash price, and, if required, allow you time to pay for them, charging you 10 per cent over invoice price for the convenience. For Ine,tance Mr. Worsley Fas several HOUSES OF FUR- NITURE on view at £l5 155., £2O, £25, £3O. £5O, £lOO, all at the lowest cash price, and not a penny less. Any of the above supplied subject to credit, upon 10 per cent being added to the amount. Particulars pest free. GREAT B IRGATNS AT WORSLEY'S.—DRAWING- ROOM SUITE complete, solid walnut. cost £4O, price for quick sale £9 cash. £9 18s. credit, with Cabinet, 2 Tables. Overmantle, Carpet, Fender, and Brasses, Ac. Heavy Dining-room Suite, complete, in Mahogany, uphol- ster, in ottoman Cloth, cost £4O new, the whole lot for £ll 10... with Side. Board, Dining Table, Overmantle, and Coal Vase to match; also a Persian Carpet and Hearthrug. Magnificent Bedroom Suite: Large size Wardrobe, plate- , glas,, Centre door, wings for hanging, Dressing Table, Wash- stand. 'f hree chairs and Rail, polished satinwood, ten guineas complete with heavy brass Persian Bedstead, Curtains, Mat- tress, Ac., all t,i match. Ten per cent added for credit. Note the following bargain :—Complete House of Furniturei mainly sec nd-tr•ntd, for £2O cash; £22 if by deferred pay- ments. Consists of a heavy sitting-room suite in leather, couch, two easy chairs and four single chairs. dining table, mahogany a deboard, Persian carpet and hearthrug. brass fender, brass fire appliances, cornice and curtains, and pictures. The kitchen has a substantial dresser, chairs, arm chair, rocking chair, table, fender and fireirons, hearthrug, oilcloth, Ac. The bedroom is furnished with bedroom suite, chairs and rail, chamber service, brass mounted bedstead, patent wire spring mattress, Shetland wool overlay, bolster , and two pillows, carpet, and fender. The stairs and the . landing are SU, d with carpets, brass rods, Act. The hall or lobby is fitted with oilcloth, brass clip, three mats and a cocoa mat. The above forms the most compact, convenient lot ever offered. Other lots. £25, £3O, £35, £4O, and £5O, eq 'ally cheap ; particulars sent on application. Every 1 article guaranteed for five years, exchanged if not approved. WOtSLEY'S "THE PANTHEON," GAYTHORN, • MANCHESTER. Hours of busin•sas 9 a.m. to 7 p.m

BEECH HOUSE SCHOOL for GIRLS, lier..on Chapel near Mancbester.—Mß MELLOR, (University Certificated) has vacancies for 2 or 3 more boarders. Terms moderate. Governeas-student required.

LA'' ES' SCHOOL,MELCHET HOUSE, LYTHAM. —lnclusive terms, special for clergy, references to parents. vacancy for articled pupil.—Principals, the Mims HALKET (Miss. S. Halket,L.L.A..)

EMS' ORTII COLLEGE, REIY L.--A Modern School for Boys. Thorough English and Commercial Education. ConrPrsational French and German. Sea aud mountain air. Comfortable home. Prospectus of the HEAD ASTER.

----- TUDIO, 114, BOLD-STREET. LI'v'ERPOOL. k Mrs. DODD gives Lessons in Painting, Burntwood Work, and Marqueterie Painting. Acl ,ss for Wood Carving at the Studio on Mondays taught by a professional kbiy wood-carver. Vulcan wood burning machines and white wood kept in stock.

OOUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL. Head Master—Mr. J. C. UNDERWOOD. A.C.P., F.R.G.S. VERY SUCcESSFUL SCHOOL. RECENT HONOURS AT EXAMINATIONS. Education thoroughly modern and comprehensive. Recently Removed to larger Premises in Pilkington-road near St. Luke's Station). • BOARDERS NOW RECEIVED. SPECIAL TERMS (Inclusive) for a few Boarders. Prospectus. An., on application to Head Master. TERM, BEGAN TuEsnlv. September 18.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40, LUDGATE HILL. UOMB COMFORTS. CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. Central for business or pleasure.

LLANDITD NO. WASHINGTON HOTEL, EAST PARADE, healthiest part. centre of Bay. Hbme com- forts, mAerate charges. Fine Old Whisky. Welsh Mee. Winter week end, terms 15s.—E. Bat, Proprietor.

SOUTHPORT.— SIINNYSIDE HYDRO.—Physician Dr. BAIL ,VARDO. Summer and Winter Residence, one of the handsomest buildings in routtitiort, centrally situated, replete with every comfort, fine Sea View ;near Parks, Piers, Trams, and Golf Links ; Turkish, Vapour, and other Ba,ths ; . Massage. Galvanism .—Terms moderate—Proprietor, J. BoococK.

WHERE TO BUY VERY CHEAP AND USEFUL CHRISTMAS PRESENTS. • P. DEBERT, WHOLESALE JEWELLER AND GENERAL MERCHANT, 10, CHURCH-STRELT. LIVERI'.OOL, Has preoared a large and well-selected stock of WATCHES, CLOCKS. JEWELLERY. SILV/Illt WARE, ELECTRO-PLATE. CUTLERY, OPERA GLASSES READING GLASSES, BAROMETERS AND THERMOMETERS. STEAM ENGINES. PURSES, BAGS, CHINA, POCKET KNIVES. MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS, TOYS, DOLLS, GAME AND GENERAL FANCY GOODS. -- HERE IS A PRICE LIST OF ONLY A FEW OF THE ARTICLES SUITABLE FOR CHRISTMAS PRESENTS : Reliable Keyless Nickel Watches from 6s 11d. Chronograph Watiiies with Patent ii'top, 68 110, Ladies Silver Watches from 103 9s, Gents' Siver Watches from 12s 6d Ladles' Gold Watches from 30s, Gents' Gold Watekes f-orn 50s. Timepieces from is sd, Alarums from Is 101, very small timepieces from 2s 65, Carriage CI icks in Leathe • Cases from 3s 65, Wood Pendulum Timepieces from 2s 11d.Ladies' Silver Alberts (The Daisy ") is 6d Ladies' and B ys' Silver Alberts from 3s 6d. Gents' :,ilver Alberts (Government st imp on every link) from 5s 11, Silver Brooches (riov,rnment stampe ) from is, Silver Initial or Name Brooches (all are Government stamped) at Is 'lid, Solid Silver :-:tirt :,poons (Government stamped, Is 6rlper pair,Gold Prooches (Government stamped) from 2s 114, Ladies and Gents' Gold Rings (Government stamped) from 23 11d. Gold Scarf Pins (Government stamped) from 2s 11d, Sterling -liver Charm Pendants from Thd, Gold Pendants (Government stamped) from 4s 6d, Silver Match Boxes from 6s 6d (Government stamped), Electro Silver- Plated Tea Spoons from 2s at half doz. Do. Dessert Spoons or Forks from 4s lid half doz.. Do. Table Spoons or Forks from 6s lid ; alf doz., White Metal Tea Spoons (and will wear white throughout) from 4d half doz.,De. Deserb Spoons of Forks from n h ,lf doz., Do. gable Spoons or Forks from is 3s half doz.. Do. half doz. Tea Spoons in ease, is ; Dessert Knives from is 7id half doz., Table Knives from ls lid hal doz.; Best Carver Knits and Fork, 2s lid pair; Bread Knives from so each ; Electro Silver Plated Breakfast Cruet from ls 11d, Do, Dinner Cruets from 2s lid Do. Biscuit Barrel from ls 11d, Do. Butter Dishes from is. Do, Teapots from 8s 9.1. Do. Sur Bard s from 2s 6d, Do. Napkin Rings from is ' • Tea and Coffee Set from lOs 9d Set of five pieces; child's Knife, Fork, and spoon, in box, 5-0. 90 and Is 2d ; Do. better quail, y, t:nd in case, 2s lid ; Do. Rieetro Plate. 5811 d ; Opera ~lasses from 2s lid pair, Baro- meters from 5s lid, Thermometers trim 54d, Reading Glasses frorr. 3fd to 68 11d, Steam Err _ines from is, Leather Pursss from 3d. 'o 3s td Pocket Knives 3110 3,6 d. Ladies' Bags 61c1 to 10. 65, Dolls from 51td to 12s 91, 8-Air Musical Boxes 355. Silver Bangles from 64 Cool fri m 96,61. Ladies Companion from so to 16s 64, China Vases 54d China V 'sea (3 in box) 10-ad, Cup and Saucer (with and with .ut moustache) 50, Photo Frames from 61d, Ac,, &c., &c. Orders by Post receive Special Attention. Mention this paper. P. I) EBERT, Wholesale Jeweller, Watch and Clock Importer, AND GENERAL MERCHANT. REMEMBER NEW PREMISES, 10, CHURCH-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

apartmatisllurniOnD tNtisrO,Szt

BLACKPOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, winter O months on reasonable te,ms ; board if required.—B. THORPE, 93, Warbrick Road, Claremont Park.

Co Ur Let. MARKET GATE, finest suite of OFFICES in town, on fir.t floor. BANK STREET, OFFICES, £5 a room. TO BB 1,14 T.-1, A EPLEY--; MEET, Warrington, capital residence, suitable for Doctor or Vet.; £3s.—Egonnyr LOWE, estate agent. W,rvington. Apply, ROBERT LOWE. 13 tAte Agent, Market Gate Chambers Warrington. Telephone—No 65. (100 D I333ERHOUS,B. well fitted up. TO LET: or kX particulate apply ROCHDALE and OLDHAM BREWERY CO., LIMITED, Rochdale.

rllO LET, Dwelling-house, HopwoodStreet, four bedrooms, J. rent ss. 04.—Apply, ASHTON & IrVoone. Sollettors, florsemarket-et., Warringum,

910 BIG LBT.—Good DWBLLING•HOUSE with SHOP, Manchester-road. rent 7s.elear.—Apply THOS COWDBLL, estate agent. t..,cotland-road Chambers, Warrington.

SHoP.—fiewsey-str,et, double-fronted, with or without dwelling, bake house. storeroom, &e. Adjoining grocery, hosiery. tailor and drapery shops,—A.pply dic&LLAND, 11. Lovely-lane, Warrington.

Q HOP and HOUbB, 24. Buttermarket-street (a principal thorcu, blare), Warringt on ; five bedrooms, sitting- room. kitchen, scullery, and two cellars ; rent £ss.—Apply W. ISAAC, 26. Butterm.rket-street, Warrington.

110tiSE TO LET.-68, B-wsey-st.; capital Dwelling Mouse ; 4 bArooms, bath oom, hot and cold water, wardrobe, 2 entertaining rooms, &e.; reduced rent.—Partion- ears, Taos. COWDIML, Estate agent, 45, Scotland-road Charm- birs, Warrington.

WELCOM I?, ALWAYS, KEEP IT HANDY, GRANT'S MORELLA g V.. 11 ERRY BRANDY, Have you ever tasted this delicious liqueur, which is made from the famous Kent Morellos? QUEEN'S QUALITY for general use, SPORTSMAN'S QUALITY for exercise in the open air. SOLD EVERYWI-0 HUE. Ask for GRANT'S and don't be put off with Inferior makes, THOS. GRANT AND SONS, MAIDSTONE.

ELECTRO- MASSAGE (THOMAS' SYSTEM). CONSULTING AND TREATMENT ROOMS r- -22, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL, R. H. TiIOMAS, SPECIALIST. RESULTS FROM THOMAS' MEMOD OF TREATMENT. ELECTRO-MASSAGE, ELECTRO-HYDROPATHY, &c. Miss—, Liverpool, chronic dyspepsia, nervous exhaustion I , eighteen treatments.—CV RED. Mr. —. Liverpool bronchial-asthma, general debility 4 • eight treatmente.—CUßED. Master —, Bootle, paralysis, nervous debility, &c. ; twenty treatments—MUCH IMPRoVED. Mr. —, Warrington. nervous exhaustion, varicocele; eigh- teen treatments.—CUßED. I Miss —, Birkenhead. many years chronic asthma, nervous. ilehility, and general exhaustion ; eight treatments.— AI. +.lu5T CURED. - Mr. —, Bootle, varicocele, mental depression; eighteen treatments—CUßED. Mr. —, Liverpool, varicocele, nervous exhaustion, ; twenty treatments—COMPLETELY RESTORED. Mr —, Liverpool, neuritis, atrophy of the optics, nervoun debility, sluggish liver; sionT RESTORED, general health greatly improved—sixteen treatments. Miss —, Liverpool, goitre and general debility—nearly well. Full particnlars on application. Free consultation. R. H. Thomas, Specialist. 22, Lord-street. Liverpool. ELECTRICITY, as a Therapeutic Agent, when scientifically applied, acts as a STIMULANT, SEDATIVE, TONIC.

GOLD 1 E DAL DIETETIC TEAS. SPECIALLY RECOMMENDED TO DYSPEPTICS, and a great boon to any who have been denied the use of other teas by their Medical Advisers. HENRY MILLING & CO LTD. MERCHANTS, WAR RING roN.

RIAL FO RT E TuToR, 5/ NET, 250 PAGES La Music Size). kiThe Pictorial Tutor am POST A Descriptive application The most re- Contains 70 Illustrations being published at Net sent Post Free on pplication markable & cheapest and over zso Songs. Price, it cannot be obtained of to "Magazine of \lisle." Office, book ever published. The Dances, Carols, Anthems ny book or music seller under 5s 20, Ludgate Hill, London, E C. Pianoforte simplified. FREE and Hymn Tunes.

THE GREAT REMEDY. *CT S 1.4 wt 4 ^Tr 4 174 FOR GOUT, RHEUMATISM, SCIATICA, LUMBAGO. The Excruciating Pain is quickly relieved. Sure. Safe, and Effectual. Sold by all Chemists at is. 10. and 2s. 9d. per box.

la ).`"fiC4l3Ol\TX:lll 1:2b7:1c31-1)1(3'271-Ir To make your household bright, and your clothes enow-white r :,45,0: . ' 117k•ty;stly, ••••••:•,- .;0,,,, .•;•., ~,,,, ~,,,ijr')l“ , A•:,: , 4,. , , F vv. -.-..-_-__- .- •-', -.: 4 7--14. cl - °V fri '''''''.-1 qO- - --i,,:, .-.. ~ , - . ---, „i, to "z,,,.404 i!,,,i,A.0-: -------- , i' A ---V ; •Wc , t''' Z7,4j7p 11 r , " a.it (rtit a . , . BO£IUS TO SE GIVEN UP TO DEG. 31, 1E34, Full' Pa,ticul;'''s li Pictire ci: the Statue , TO ALL USERS OF VENUS SOAP, on each IV raPPer• 1 VENUS DE MILO For 30 Wrappers, Handsome Needle Case (filled complete) will be seat. II (S!ze 17; by .t.t-bl. mounted) , !! will be sent t‘, all address For 120 Wrappers, Timepiece No. I, 4-in. Dial, will be sent. 1 For 25 WRAPPERS, osal For zoo Wrappers, Timepiece No. 2, 6-in. Dial, will be sent. Fo2' CK.' WilAPPLial For 350 Wrappers, Timepiece No. 3, 9-in. Dial, will be sent. II In Handsome Gilt Frarno. seowlEmem.M.......s•rwerae...l-AWW.,,i-,..1a.,,,.....1.... .` ' • • • • . . Naxii.mngsirpr......,"--".7...."."..", '4,7,,M.,,,,..7,

DR. MACKAY'S MARVELLOUS FEMALE REMEDY FOR ALL OBSTRUCTIONS and IRREGULARI- TIES stands unrivalled. The most stubborn and hope- less cases yield to this extra iiinary Medicine in six hours. Immense sale throughout th w3rld. Thousands of sufferers cured, Testimonials (Genuine), with full Instructions and Advice, accompany each bottle. Sent post free, under cover, for ss. 6d. DR. MACKAY, 104, HIGH HOLBORN, London. Beware of Dishonest Imitators.

SMITH'S TASTELESS DANDELION ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. is. lid. and Is. 9d. per box (by post for 15 or 33 stamps), are a proved substitute for calomel. Are suited for either sex, and may be taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach, head and kidneys; free the skin of humours, purify the blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and safety, after excess in eating or drinking. and are the most valuable at change of life, or periodical obstruction. No Blue Pill or Mer- curials, hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, 111.P.5., 280, Walworth-road, London. PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CELEBRATED CORN BUNION, AND, C LEILBLAIN, PLASTER, is. lid., per box, by post for 15 stamps ; a known cure, however bad the case. SMITH'S INVALUABLE PILE POWDER , AND PECTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZENGES SAME PRICES. Sold by all Patent Medicine Vendors

DON'T COUGH-JUST USE " 94, Commercial Road, Peckham. July 12, 1889. " Dear Sir,—l am a poor hand at expressing my feelings, but I should like to thank you. Your lozenges ha i done Wonders in relieving my terrible cough. Since I had the operation of" 'tracheotomy "(the same as the late Emperor of Germany, and unlike him, thank God , I am still alive), performed at St. Bartholomew's Hospital, no one could pos- sibly have had a more violent cough ; it was so bad at times that it quite exhausted me. The mucus, whifla was very copious and hard, has been softened, and I have been able to get rid of it without ctifficulty.—l am, air. yours truly, J. HILL." KEATING'S LOZENGES. The above speaks for itself. From strict inquiry it appears that the benefit from using Keating's Cough Loz-uges is understated. The operation was a spe'-ially sev--re one, and was performed by the specialist Dr. H. T. Butlin, of St. Bartholomew's Hospital. Since the operation the only means of relief is the use of these Lozenges, ro successful are they that one affords immediate benf•fit, although from the nature of the case the throat irritation is intense. WEIGHT IN GOLD. Under date Sept. 8, Mr. Hill writes: " I should long since have been dead but for your Lozen es they are worth their weight in gold.. I will gladly see and tell everyone what a splendid cough remedy they are." Keating's Lozenges are sold in tins Is, 1,4 d. each. The urr- rivalled remedy for COUGHS, HOARSENEiS,and THROAT TROUBLES.

.A PER CUE .IR For weakness, loss of flesh and vital power, resi-- less sleep; pimples,nervous exhaustion, Se ailments arising from early or later-day errors. Address:- Messrs. Wit.xiNisot,r, Medical Hall, Shefrield. 416 THE, CASE,lgtrrunn BY POST 4/9. 11 GIL. EU' J. V U6,.Ps NWIL Nie Y.V AGENTS —MEssrts.HOVENDEN, 61, CITY -ROAD. : who will forward by post.

W. ELLS'S •GRAVEL PILL S, A sure curefor Gra7el, Lumbago, Pains in the back GRAVEL Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaints PILLS GRAVEL Diseases of the Kidneys. Bladder, PILLS GRAVEL Urinary Organs. Stone, Gleet, Stricture PILLS GRAVI4 Sciatica, Rheumatism, Fcc. The Effect PILLS GRAVEL lof One Box is Harvellous. Price 1/11 I PILLS GRAVEL and 2/9 per Box. Agents & Co. PILLS GRAVEL I Butt ermarke I -st. ,Fairhurst & Co. Horse- PILLS GRAVEL market-st.. J. R. Young, Sankev-st., I PILLS Boots. Bridge-st., Warrington; or free by post from amr.: PROPRIETORS, 41, Scotland-road, Liverpool,

kr ) MAN'S FRIEND, UXLEI" S SPECIAL MIXTURE.H THE MOST POWERFUL AND EFFECTUAL MEDICINE KNOWN The recipe of a famous French Physician, Quick, sure, and certain. Never fails to Relieve and Owe, no mAtter how cans ad, Post free to any address for 2s. 9d. or ss. 6d. per b Atle. Full instructions with each. Send for the WIFE'S FRIEND, a book for every woman who wishes to keep. healthy.—D. GLASGOW HUXLEY, M.D. (U.S.), 176, cemetery-road. Sheffield, and Masonic Buidiugs (opposite Market), Rotherham.

HUNDREDS of DELICATE WOMEN *TO are lost every year, by takingipills LADIES which purge and injure, but do not do . good. Ifyouare suffering send at once P.O. 2/6, for NATURE'S OWN REMEDY. Simple, Harmless, and never/ails. Nothing can stand against it. Hundreds of genuine testimonials. Particulars on receipt of stamped envelope (under cover). MRS. DAVEN. PORT, 96, Black Bull Road, Folkestone.

ONE BOX OF CLARKES' B 41 PILLS is war- ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs in either sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Pain E in the back. Guaranteed free from Mercury. Sold in Boxes. 4s. fid. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendore throughout the World ; or sent to any address for sixty stamp by the Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRIT.: COMPANY, Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; BAR CLAY & SON London, and all the Wholesale Houses.

FRANCIS ORTON AND COMPANY, LIMITED LIVERPOOL. Invite Inquiries and Reference to their NEY CATALOGUE. -

AGENTS An easy way of INCREAS. ING YOUR INCOME by WANTED starting WATCH, &c., CLUBS for the supply of BE N SON' S Watches, Clocks, Jewellery, and other Good, Sound, and Reliable Articles at Moderate Prices. Terms Liberal. Particulars Post Free. J. W. BENSON, 62 & 64, LUDGATE HULL, LONDON, E.O.

VerEl3llCriilqC,PC - PLEASURE WILL NT •4) ' FINGER t4t- rII ?ilTu MARK. ru hi • m ~ BRADFORD. os Sold by Chemists. Grocers, and ironmongers. Bole Proprietors, STEPHENSON BR

FENCING, AND GATE DEPARTMENT. F .M. 8c Co.'s well-known System of STRAINED CABLE & IRON FENCES now in use over some Thousands of Miles at Home and Abroad, is being continually Improved upon to meet extended reguirements, and complete informa- tion is supplied on application. :* ALL! NGS FOR PARK ENCLOSURES, PRIVATE GROUNDS, PUBLIC SITUATIONS, DOG KENNELS, b. ORNAMENTAL HIGH-CLASS GAT S 9 TO NEW AND ORIGINAL DESIGNS, For Parks, Pitagsions, Villas &o. STRONG FIELD GATES, FOR FARMS, ORCHARDS, &c., HURDLES NETTING AND AND TREE GUARDS. WIRE WORK. t=c) AT UV X 1%7' T_T 40, T_T BAR IRON FENCING, Fitted with F. fit. & Co's Self-tookirig Jo',4 LONDON OFFICE: 17, VICTORIA St., Westminster.

One little bottle of Norton't% Is not guarantend to cure all Ills, ---,- But one little bottle, beyond all question. Will thoroughly conquer Indigestion!

They have 100 TEE....S hEPUTATION of being an UNEQUALLED RT: NIEDY foe INDIGEST TO '...", lILAD- ACIi E, BTLI OTT'-\L i,, DEBILITY, STOMA OT-3: alto JIVER, COMPL A.INTS. A SPLENDID TO.NIO AND • GEATIAL APE iIIItNT. . cc‘FWL 7t.r,, • ''. ,1_„0.7N7,,,, I'''aii, •r K jlik(11:. ,-:‘-..ge ' • 1 ''''' ,i,tia i ;,4.-- Ei ---tiri 5,' I2.7vßt .w+r r cr,j4l ez-V tVI. .. ' 1 . ''''''', * • 4”.....•R 't :Alit': :n oere.it!on, Perfectly ;:i-re, and Free from Y Injurious Drtils. 1 Ti Ditties, 1. IW. , 27. 0(1,, mut ILL. of p,ll V2n.ioris. Ag%:. r"r " :+orc.on'a C.arnomiin P:116," ana (10 n. .t be 1,,,,,E-t„i,,,d to ..,! 0. •• sueltitete. 1 i': armed by Nr7rr: ales LTD., 2 l StAtal Blnere, London, E i'll:SiiN.ll2:6ll‘rt7,l:7272FgETtriair FN:MT,ZOIZLIrm"......A2ME irS'lliNut,'lWl-172:f.,22emr.....4=11MTME-1.71,72.7

SWIFT GOLD MEDAL KNITTER KNlTSStockings ribbed or plain GLOVES and CLOTHING in • 'WOOL, BILK. or COTTON. INSTRUC- .. - TIONS FREE. I ts por t. TRIUMPHANT AWARD at ALI.s. The only wiNNE.a in the WO4L. 4 7 G, mEaALs andl9other Honours. HAR.^.ISON ENITTTNG MA 'HINE Co. Ltd. Works; 48, Upper Hrook SL, Manchester. •

L -- - -0-t%! E - !-47:".1:11-271t-r-M--**1,77-1 LiTTLE lORTopir_sr—L-,j , k . BOTTLE. --- ---,--'--------7f-------;54----- ','. ,----

RULES FOR STARCHING. A most valuable little hoik for th,se who do their tarching at home. Post free for 2 stamps. C. CHANCELLOR & Co., LONDON, E.C. . . FOUR GREAT HOUSEKEEPER'S BOONS. TRY ONE, TRY ALL. to a . 0. . 1 MI6r' c 9 ihi STOVE 10U11 POLISH. i :EASIbT,'QUi C EiE St CHEAPEST, & 5 BES' r 4 LACKLEAD .E. WORLD . . rE-1 . . .i" . ? In Half the Time, with Half the ';":3 Labour, you can produce More !): .5-.) Polish with Two Penny Packets .7.; of Rising Sun than with Half- o Po o 4 emu Dozen of ordinary Blacklead. ~... ,cg ~... ~ . 2 ISSIIII/41 METAL a Ull POLISH. 8. GIVES TOALL KINDS OF. METALS A E" ' BEAUTIFUL SOFT BRILLIANTPOLISH . 5 tti ‘bd r Sold in Sd., 6d. & 11- Bottles. No Mixing, (7. ' No Scratches, Scarcely any Rubbing. . 3 CHANCELLOR'S PLATE POWDER. 4. bo 0 • "There is no preparation of which we know to equal 0 •-• its excellence. —ENQUIRE WITHIN.-3d, per box. ..54 0 O MAp ir e DOUBLE . 4 " Li IN 1/4) STARCH 11 . II CONTAINS IN PROPER PROPORTIONS , f GLoSS.BORAx,Gum,wAx; 8“..&c. 8. i --.'-j REQUIRES no addition or preparation. 22 ' SAVES Time, Labour. and Uncertainty. PRODUCES Beautiful White Glossy Linen. 0 g Ask your Grocel• to get them for you, C. CHANCELLOR 84 Co., LONDON, E.C. .—. HINTS FOR HOUSEWIVES. 12-Page Pamphlet containing useful domestic hint Post tree 1 stain p. P. F. FRY, 58, Belleville Road, I I Wandsworth Common, LONDON, S.W.

RFOR THE sLooD ;Is THE: LIFE 7 I- 4,- :, ~.,,. '''' • e , ' - 0 ~. .. V FN •)1 ek -4 'ii-i, .. ./ , .. .• ,a2,,,mmer11,.. '',..e.l,,,,narou‘iimjti WORLD-FAMED sB 7 'l-----rbrA.,....: , n :E. ti THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS. "We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impuritiei." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say: " It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to light, and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it to our eubmaibero and the public, generally." Warranted to cleanse the blood from oil impurities, from whatever cause arising For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects ore marvellous. It is the only real specific tor Gout and Rheumatic Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9d. and lls, each, of all Chemists. Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY, LINCOLN. Beware of Worthless Imitations.

4, $: I • ' 14 • 4 :$ ic k A kI...SAM Op

IS 13 j 'll 41 ‘k4N\ \\\ • \')4‘\ it 44 d ,---Ali, - • . _ni ~ • g,••-riP . • ...1 ~,, '. -Orr?: ~,,,ir. trl,,,r,' . ...--1 :: .!,. -4,,'. .., . riq J,,,,, •,„ ',4.;,. ~,,rff....2 1, , N ,r. , L, 4 • 'P. - t 47,1- -"` .:. :*p• 4,•:',. • 1 , 44 ) •51". 41' \ *. t ''. '',4 ... -...• • - •'..•.).- e*•.. • • 4 +,'.. 14.Y1•1 '''. •: ' _.,..‘''''::All /4.44, 1 ',':',ltkC,..E ":Ni,'.A.,:k„."; a,n. ;;„\'.;':.:'",,J7 '• ',“, id !,%:"4,:, -,.;=:= :. Irte:;•,...r- ..„-,IT .‘ , 7° a ADE m Afttk• . . g., '" 7 :,- •Y'• - r— - l ; ' • ' •••, ...• Ze ~ t ;.4, ' 1 . '. • ~.., ''' ) ' ~4.s 01 f ,k .j 4 r,11.611 4/11; • q•••. • ',IV.' ' ig . ',.,"? . 4 4i ox, I • 5:74 72i: 3.; ii, .- -, , :-, ,v. ,iza:• ~, \• . , .. v:1, Art -,, . ~. p 0. ‘,O \, ~.i. ~ -, For ASTHMA, BRONCHITIS, HICANT UiIJOH, INF'LUENZA9 HOARSENESS i AND ALL LUNG TRCVUBLES. SAFE AND RELIABLE. Established 70 Years. - gee Trade Mark on Wrappers. Beware of Imitations, SOLD BY CHEMISTS EVERYWHERE. In Bottles. 1/li. 2/3. 4/0. and 11/.

SAVE A DOCTOR'S FEE. ADVICIi TO LADIES (FREE). jkLADY SPECIALIST (qualified) many years attached to a Fem,de Hospital, is enabled to POSI- TIVELY GUARANTEE the DESIRED RES 7LT in a few Lairs, no matter how long standing the IRREGULARITY may be, and even when everything else has failed. ' Write at once, enclosing stamped addressed envelope, to SPECIALIST 295, STRAND. W.C.

CREAT AMERICAN PRESCRIPTION RESEARCH NalUtsSbfrFj brought to lights e T"guElniVegtßemS Errors of Youth, Lost Manhood, Weakness, Dimness of Sight,Bladder, Gravel, Kidney, and Liver complaints. i This Prescription is n the hands of a Minister who will befriend anyone suffering from these enervating diseases. It has CURED THOUSANDS. Merely send self-addressed stamped envelope to the Rev. David Jones. Ray Villa, Lewes, when the prescrip- tion will be sent FREE OF CHARGE. Name this Paper.

The iart Noble H•;:ifinGuiiiC6. COSTUMES. NEW REGISTERED DESIGN FOR WINTER, 1894. Direct from the Largest Firm of Costume Manufacturers in the World, at less than Half Ordinary Prices. These Costumes are made in The John Noble Cheviot Serge, in Black, Navy, ~,,,j!es.,--.44" 'l4-4-'‘.:•• &vie Brown, Myrtle, Ruliy, Reseda, Tan, Grey, or Drab U ; they are supplied complete for the ridiculous price of 11.CO/la each, packed in leather board box, and sent carriage paid for 9d. extra, and in the making of them there are al ~ _ Over SOO Workers Employed. P • i( / . ) The John Noble Half-Guinea Costumes are known all over the -.: ' \ world as the most remarkable ever produced, and have created a ii ) , complete revolution in the cost of garments for Ladies' wear. --e, Each garment consists of improved wide Skirt and new smartly i • shaped Bodice, which is pleated at the back into a pointed saddle that terminates in two points at the front; full fashionable sleeves, bound '`) --"" .:` I I , seams, and belt, and the bodice can be worn inside or outside the / \ skirt, which measures 40 inches long. The lower part of the skirt, and the cuffs, collar, and saddle of bodice, are trimmed with one row 1 1 of fine silk cord, the whole thus forming A LADY'S COMPLETE 10/6 , ,/§,;,- „,„,:,,, .s, spa 104„ ii COSTUME FOR ‘tr- The Present Design excels all previous ones in every 'if;' / , NA. respect. The style is better, the cut is superior, and the make and 1i; ! finish beyond all criticism, thus adding in a triple degree to the Yi I ta4-4; already marvellous value of these Costumes, which have secured An / .// I! enormous success, and are known in every part of the civilised , , ; , world. Each Costume packed in box and sent carriage paid for 9d. extra. The sizes kept in stock will fit any figure up to 38inches round the bust under arms, but larger or special sizes can be made to order '" / , e5,,,..1;\ • i '',„.\\ at a cost of 1/6 extra. LADIES' COSTUME SKIRTS, in the Fashionable,s,..;,,,7, - , i‘ Wide Shape, are also supplied in the John Noble Cheviot Serge, es .. /I . t , ...,...--1 N - I follows: Costume Skirts, untrimmed, price only 5/6; Costume A X , AI Skirts, trimmed broad crossband of back velvet, price only 7/C; • -' // Costume Skirts, trimmed two rows military braid, price only 8,6. A . Each Skirt packed in box and sent carriage paid for 6d. extra. , —..-,--- ' Colours as above. KititOKABOUT FROCKS for ,:'.o.'iris From Are also supplied in the John Noble Cheviot Lengths 21 21 27 30 33 36 •39 42 45 ins. 1 serge, with saddle top, long full sleeves, belt and pocket, at the following prices:— Price 1/6 2/- 2/6 3/- 3/6 4/- 4/6 5/- 5/6 each. j ach. Postage 4i-cl. extra. Every Purchaser delighted. The lengths stated are from top of neckband to bottom of skirt in front. THE JOHN NOBLE CHEVIOT SERGE (RECD.) ifsamaef.ablitci sof jrienacthedsurajidleit? and worldiwide does not spot with rain, and may be washed whenever necessary. Colours—Navy, Brown. Myrtle. 7/.,-..-- , Reseda, Ruby, Grey. Drab, Tan, or Black Every reader can secure a Full Dress Length of SIX YARDS for 7/6. Sent carriage paid for ed. extra. C:r2' PATTERNS, also Illustrated "Book of the Serge" and Fashion Sheet of other Costumes for Ladies and Children's wear sent POST FREE to any reader of this paper on application. JOHN NOBLE, LTD The Warehouse, .9 li. Pleeadtily, MANCHESTEP tt. ...

. , PURE 1R15,,.: „ ~ I ,' IL— 1 .. • -4 -0 ~ t 12( IRISH LINEN 111 I SPHO j'° HANDKERCHIEFS IRISH LINEN Guarantked all Pure Flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN COLLARS. IRISH LINEN • Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars, 5/6 per dozen; made special to pattern, 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittinvs, 3/9,4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. IRISH LINEN 2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 41d. per yd. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SURPLICE IRISH LINEN LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS) FOR SUMMER AND EVENING WEAR. IRISH LINEN - IRISH TWEED all Pure Wool. Unsurpassed for Strength, Durability, 1 and Style. Please say if for Ladies or Gents Wear. TRISH LINEN PATTERNS FREE BY RETURN OF POST. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. G. R. HUTTON & CO., LARNE, BE L.l FA STr

I'L ' . ''.: .4 ' . ' r / ' .IY. ' '''' .' ' 7.; , .i' ; . '4 ,"; ,4 `-. ' ly .4 1 -'i ' '1; k i' •:. " -7 f *;* .4 . '''- I 4 .*ILLS AND OINTMENT Will Cure BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, COUGHS, COLDS, SORE THROATS, WHEEZING, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, dce. The Ointment is a Sure Remedy for CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, BURNS, CUTS. BRUISES, SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, Bce.

4;4 4731 ,'471111114 SO•TiiING POWDERS • FOR CHILDREN CUTTING TEETH. IN USE OVER FIFTY YEARS.

"JOHN STEEDMANI CHEMIST, WALWORTH, SURREYS is engraved on the Government Stamp affixed to each packet.

... ..,1 1 ,, Bad efi s - -4, erg, Ali, cli (ars 0. _ll ~r, cA, 1/1 1 2/9 4/- ~.\ :'''tts it, 1 , ) Le' C'C'--*Nr, IN. h',Y4 Ai. 4f, !I It. _'l°'lioV,li.. ..-Ner l'''' • 4 , V" 4 ...4. e ''t 4,,50 / a, ~. ‘\.... '1 . .r.: • ,7;11! " \-•-\/ \i I 1 ---->. , //,,>";,-- ' i , , - ' 1, li ,- /-7; ~,- . FO[kfAß ATHLETIC, '1 . ..,,, '.. ' .1", ...: .1.....: „....., vt, CU B'll . , --% , , '(.• 4, . m,__ __f_4,,14.,73.,,,E4":„...,"___ ~,, el(109c1-1.B‘leAnLtL.0.111Ctltroe ilii .(cA. -:-.. SCLOS at, 10 i 1.., \ , ;,,,. • \ 1(116 ('• -r-7,'- ' " , .„i"-TT:II,(I,Ye Ili _, ,--- '-'''e:' -- • LLSCa, 11, _ ',-.• i1i1.,//,-/ "It,, 41; -/', ''' 6:4, ..,1 ...... ._...... "...-'.......".":i7 ~<'.. 4/4....... ••• • •../ 1 •V 11;;•::// _ .rejaarec ,7 onci# ~. -;----- ~,,,-, ......... e ~..,...., , ,r).,,,, .........-,,,rvt.,..,,,. ~,,;;/..\,:i ELLIMAN SON fi 510t51z„....,e; ,:,....,,‘, i, ...........5... „,-, .......,, (.:4' 4fWisiis:k.:;;:i.;:f.i. . ~ , Ve ••.. G' AN D ---, . k,,, '-'\-1"44.147'."‘-(1-C7, r.,.."1/',--\•-s?.t4)A.Vie:/1. . 1 , t . 1 • ......._._. ~.,„•,,,, ~.,,,.

These tiny soluble CAPSULES aro sti... perior to Balsam of c 1,14-7,- Oopa.iba, Onbebs or ..z.., . ' OV 41. :,, • ~. ~• , : ..,4 astringent liquids . .At 4 i'lt, •' t '. ' ',:'. and CURE IN 4..3 ' • '.. -fA. •,, ..k' '.. 4,,,,, ~4 t-„,,,Y .k ~(41,11',,,,‘..• - A..-.• HOURS the same diseases without in- . convenience. 41.,..;•,.>' V..:.. - .17(kzpaure, maned 4/6 ef zil Olicmieta, cr post free from miDy WILCOX & C 0.,. Oxf ,1•1 A.,London,W.

AMANCHESTER GENTLEMAN having a large amount of Uninvested CAPITAL at his command is prepared to ADVANCE same to responsible Persons in Sums of £lO to £lOOO, On the Borrower's simple written promise to repay ; Without Sureties, Delay, Law Costs or Publicity. Also on Deeds, Life Policies, &c., at 5 per cent interest. The amount Borrowed can be repaid by easy instalments or capital can remain so long as the interest is paid, as this office is a bona-fide private concern and not connected with any Loan Office. It is requested that habitual borrowers will not apply. For full particulars apply personally or by letter to J. CAMPBELL, ESQ., MANCHESTER CHAMBERS. 46a, MARKET-STE frET. MANCHESTER.

TowLE,scHLoßo-nvvw A-k for ant take To WLE'SC HLORODYNE IMMEDLIZMir OWLE'S C HLORODYNE RIILLEVZS T 0 WLE'SC HLORODYNE WUGUiray tagA, TOWLE'S C TILORODYNE uprwri BuoNcarns, TOWLESCHLORODYNE ConTswit*nr,', OWLE'SC HLORODYNE ASTHMA, TO WLE'S C HLORODYNE DlAREziga, TO WLE'SCEILORODYNE "ISMS' lie. 181 d. per aglitle. A. P. TORLD. MANCEBIIITHR.

FURS. FUR.S.FURS. HUDSON'S BkY HOUSE FURRIERS, 123, OXFORD-STREET, ALL SAINTS', MANCHESTER. Mr. SPIRO, haying been most fortunate in purchasing a Large Consignment of skins considerably below the market value, can undertake the RENOVATING and REMODEL- LING of LADIES' SEALSKIN JACKETS Into the most perfect styles, at very moderate prices. Our STOCK is now complete with the newest and most Fashion- able FURS for the coming winter Sealskin Jackets and Capes, Fur and Silk-lined Cloaks, Bears, Sables, Saunks, lc.. &a. NOTE THE ADDRESS : 123, OXFORD STREET ALL SAINTS', MANCHESTER.

TEETH. TT n. ri,,:i.. rEETIL PARKINSON-3 TENT' are, at the price. UNEXCELLED IN Th il WORT,D. The TEETH. public may rest assured that these state- ments are based on ABSOLUTE TRUTH, and perhaps the baat gna ntee of this to TEETHintending patients is that if . 1 . PARKIN- . SON has one of Largest Dental Practices TEETH. in England, the outcome of employing the BEST LABOUR u. ng the BEST TEETH. MATERIALS obtainaWe, end charging the LOWEST POSSIBLE MOE. TEETB. Any set made, or work done by him, and not giving ABSOLUTE SATI-TACTION in _ every oetail will be immediat, ly corrected. TEETbi. or an ENTIRE NEW BET made FREE OF CHARGE. TEETH. 9 hese conditions insure the public's satis- faction and recommendation, exemplified by TEETH. 21 sets hay.ng been inf-erted for patients du ing one year only directly and indirectly TEETH. through the voluntary persuasion and recom- mendation of ONE silvaiin rATIE NT. Auy- or aii of these patients' names and addresses. TEETH. for reference, will be given te any would-be patient personally applying for them. These, TEETH. with thousands in the past, each recom- mending their friends, speak volumes for Mr. TEETH. Parkinson's success. His unusually large dental establishment adapted for the COMFORT of Patients MUST TEETH. NOT DETER ANY. ALL are WELCOME to FREE CONSUL'iATIONS Daily, from 9 to 12 TEETH. and 2to 6. ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS EXTRACTION, TEETH. &c.. as hitherto, by the aid of his own made LIQUID NITROUS OXIDE, of which he TEETH. new liquifies for sale to dentists nearly 10,000 gallons weekly. Patients have, there- TEETH. fore. in this speciality also the benefit of his. experience. - TEETH. J. H. PARKINSON, Dentist by Examination, TEETH. MANCHNSTP-1,, 46, MOSLEY-STREET. National Telephone, No. 1660.) LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET. ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET. ' BARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. Mees, 2 to 5 p.m.. VVARRIEGTON ON WEDNESDAYS, 3, S nkey-street. (Side exit) ance, first floor) 2 to 5 p.m. , RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS. at Mrs. flughes',Confectioner ! Bridge-street, from 2 to 5. NORTHWTCH, on Pi: I OAYh at 18, Applemarket-street, Cr 11 'o 12 a.m.. and Ito 5 p.m. Al

I ) EAT fiS JA CRSON—November 17th, at Cartwright-street, Warrington, James Jackson aged 2 years. TATLOOK —November 19th, at Jockey-street, Warrington, Benjamin Tatlock, aged 15 years. DOMVlLLE—November 20th. at S mkey-street, Warrington. Nancy Settle Domvil'P, a.zed 63 years. PAYTON—Novemb,-r 21st, at Bewsey-street, WarringtOn, William Payton, ad 48 veers. PRlCE—November 21st, at Pierpoint-street, Warrington, Wlllhm Price. aged 63 yFar.. CaLnwF.LL—Novemher 22nd. at Ot ford-lane, Warrington, Sarah Ann Paldwell. aued 33 yeam

MEMORIAL CARDS ! Just received a large Stock of LATEST PATTERNS in MEMORIAL CARDS. Call and inspect samples. CARDS printed at shortest notice. Also Posters, Window Bills Handbills. Bill Heads, &c. Newest type and lates Machinery, JOHN S. GREEN, THE BOROUGH PRESS, 34, BRMGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.
