===== 0002601_18941103_art0001.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
NO. 812.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
HALL'S MY HATTER. HATS! HATS! HATS AT LOWEST PRICES

HATS AND CAPS

===== 0002601_18941103_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
OF EVERY DESCRIPTION

Oan be obtained at HALL'S NOTED HAT SHOP.

1. MARKET GATE,

'ARRINGTON.

NON-SLIPPING HORSE SI.IOE. DE HORSEY'S. (Patent applied for). PREVENTS SLIPPING on the asphalte and other pave- menLa of large towns, and also PREVENTS CONCUSSION on hard roads, thereby adding very much to the Health of•the Horse, which has by its means a Softer Tread. DE HORSEY, 44, CASTLE-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

:4-k‘

===== 0002601_18941103_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1894.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
fituOtral 3nstrumentz.

1

PIAN° SALE &J. PARRY'S, 20. DOWNING-ST., ARD- WICK, MANCHESTER. 300 Pianos must be cleared. Full-compass Semi-grand, by Broadwood £2 15 Full-compass Rosewood Iron-frame Piano, by Stoddart 3 10 Full-compass Iron-frame Cross-string Piano, by Adams 5 5 Full-compass Iron-trame Cottage. by Schumann 7 10 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage,by Yates, check-action 8 5 Full-compass Iron-frame Cottage, by Collard & Collard 11 15 ,ull-compass Iron-frame Cottage, Ly Broadwood & Sons 14 0 arge Chancel Organ, 9 sets, 18 stops, 2 swells, cost 50gs 15 15 an. & Organ cornbined , a grand instrument, cost £lOO 20 0 ano Orchestrion, self-acting, with music. cost £35 l5 0 Several New Pianos by Bechst ein, Rod Ibach.. Neumeyer, Brinsmead, and Bord, at 18 guineas each.

Y:3t,

AGRIPPIN Is A GRAND MEDICINE FREE FROM POISON.

JUST TRY IT FOR ANY OF THE FOLLOWING COMPLAINTS. IT IS WONDERFUL

For MEASLES, Teething, Headache, BILIOUSNESS, Feverishness, Sore Throat, Bronchitis, or any CHEST complaint, Pains in the BACK, any Rash or Eruptions on the Skin, any painful redness Swelling or Abscess any SKIN DISEASE, any BLOOD DISORDER. BITES of any kind, BLOOD POISONING and purifies the Blood.

SOLD by Mr. Bibby, Grocer, St. James-st., Latchford ; Mr. Gandy, Grocer, Church-st. ; Mr. Flynn. Grocer, Winwick- rd. ; Mr. Hill, Grocer, k.c., Priestly-st. ; Mr. Hollowell, Grocer, Liverpool-rd.

IN POWDERS, TWOPENCE BACH.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
PIIICH ON II PIiNNY

A BOON TO LADIES. COLLINS' MARVELLOUS FEMALE REMEDY. Mr. COLLINS (who was 50 years a memh.r of the Royal College of Surgeons of England) will forward, free of Charge, full PARTICULARS of a REMEDY, which during an extensive practice, both at home and in the Colonies, he has never known to fail in the most OBSTINATE CASES of OBSTRUCTION and IRREGULARITIES. Send addressed envelope for full particulars, and waste no more time and money on useless Pills and so-called Remedies, Ice., which, In the majority of cases, are nothing but PUR- GATIVES, and cause SICKNESS, PROSTRATION, and PAIN, without having the desired piTect. Letters to be addressed:

D. COLLINS, Gothic House, 9, Erskine Street.

Liverpool.

11022 -

BOYLE'S

STOVES.

PATENTS.

By pc iy is. 71-d per Quarter. 6s. Ga. per Annum in advance. Is. 9d. per Quarter, credit.

UNDER THE CLOCK.

IN BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON, FOR

GOOD BOOTS.

LADIES' CAlf Goloshed Walking BOOTS and SHOES in all STYLES and FITTINGS. GENTLEMEN'S Horse Skin BOOTS, with Waterproof SOLES, for Easy Wear. GENTLEMEN'S GAITERS.

GENTLEMEN'S COURT SHOES. LADIES' and

GIRLS' EVENING SHOES. LADIES' GAITERS in Black, Navy, Fawn, and Brown, 1/11. Equal to any sold at 2/11. Any Colour sent post free, 1/11. *Guaranteed to Fit. Send Size of Boot.

UNDER THE Cr. Obi. 118, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGWON.

JON. BLUNDELL & SON, PEMBERTON, WIGAN AND ORRELL COLLIERIES.

COAL WHARF, 275 GEE STREET, WARRINGTON.

ENLARGEMENT OF PREMISES. COAL LOADED FROM WAGGONS, UNDER SHEDS, PROTECTED FROM EXPOSURE TO THE WEATHER.

JOHN DIGNUM, AGENT.

THE WARRINGTON SLATE CO., LTD. SLATE MERCHANTS.

LIMB MERCHA.NTS,

CEMENT MERCHANTS. STONE MERCHANTS. BRICKS, TILES, CURBS. SETTS, MACADAM. EVERY KIND OF BUILDRRS, OR CONTRACTORS' MATERIALS sent by road, rail. or vessel to any place in the United Kingdom. "PLANK LANE COAL" As sold for upwards of 50 years in Warrington District. THE WARRINGTON SLATE COMPANY LTD., are SOLE AGENTS in this District for Messrs. ACKERS, WHITLEY AND CO., LTD.,

BICKERSHAW COLLIERIES, LEIGH. Dep6t and Branch Office, MARSON STREET, WARRINGTON.

Burgy, Nuts, Slack, and every description of Fuel supplied. Special Quotations to Manufacturers and Dealers. HF.AD OFFICE AND Telephone No. 19. GENERAL WHARF : Arpley Station. Reg. Telegraphic Address Warrha:;ton. ‘. Arpley," Warrington.

BRAND'S BEEF BOUILLON. BRAND'S BEEF BOUILLON. BRAND'S BEEF BOUILLON.

A MOST NUTRITIOUS AND INVIGORATING

BEVERAGE.

Made by the Simple Addition of Boiling Water.

At a Cost within the reach of all. 11. LITTLE STA.NHOPE-SI., MAYFAIR. W

GED-DES'S DANDELION C OFFER The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sold by all Grocers and Druggists. in Canister 5d., 10d., and is. 8d each. Wholes4le by J . GEDDES & Son. Warrington.

NO SMOKE, NO CHIMNEY, NO DUST, NO GAS. NO OIL. Burning the New Smokeless Fuel. See the latest b -fore you purchase. IRONING MADE EASY. Charcoal and gas irons entirely superseded. A self-heating iron for 5s Thousands selling. Supplied on approval. SHOWROOMS. 41, DEANSG ATE (opposite tram office) DALHA ENGINEERING WORKS, Great Bridgewater-stre?t. Oxford-street. (one minute from St. Jam,s's Hall)

THOS. CLARK, "EXAMINER" OFFICE, 33, MARKET-STREET, EARLESTOWN.

A good selection of Reward Books, Albums, Ladies' Bags and General Statioftery, cast always be had at the above address. A choice selection of useful Second-hand Books to be sold cheap.

Newspapers and Periodicals delivered in the Neighbourhood.

IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT.

UNSWORTH'S SUPERIOR TAILORING.

SPECIAL PURCHASE

SPECIAL PURCHASE PURE SCOTCH SPECIAL PURCHASE OV ERCOATINGS. SPECIAL PURCHASE

SPECIAL PURCHASE SPECIAL PURCHASE PURE SCOTCH SPECIAL PURCHASE SUITINGS. SPECIAL PURCHASE

SPECIAL PURCHASE SPECIAL PURCHASE PURE SCOTCH SPECIAL PURCHASE TROLTSERINGS. SPECIAL PURCHASE SPECIAL SHOW ON THURSDAY NEXT. FOR PRICES SEE CIRCTILARS. UNSWORTIVS SUPERIOR TAILORING. 24, 26, 47, 49,

HIG.H• STREET. RUNCORN.

Vublirations.

•-- _ _ _ "HOW TO ENSURE REALTH."—A medical work giving Prescriptions and Instructions for the cure of all kinds of Debility : post free, two st‘mps.—Aoildress Dr. BARNES. 48, Lonsdale Square, Barnsbury, London, N.

LADIES' HANDY ILLUSTRATED GIME. Br a LADY DOCTOR. Free, two stamps. MADAME A. B. LILY, Colston-at., Bristol. Invaluable information and blessing to womankind.

A GOOD PLAN.

The safest. best and quickest way to make money by Stocks and Shares is fully explained in Thirteenth annual edition of Explanatory Book sent post tree. Full of valuably information.—Address GEORGE Evan and Co. Stockbroker... 24, Queen Victoria-st., London, E.C.

I 4 REE TO ATEN. When you are tired of taking nauseous and mysterious prescriptions and compounds, which do you no good, but only ruin your digestive organs, write to me and I will send you a book which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN cwre tor lost strength, wasting weakness, &c., from whatever causearising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELECTRIC- ITY. Sent in envolope on receipt of two stamps for postage A. J. LEIGH, 92-93. Great Russell-street, London, W.C.

RAPHAEL'S ALMANAC FOR 1895.

Contains Hints to Farmers and Gardeners; Birthday In- formation for every day of the year; the Fate of any Child born during 1895. When to Buy, Sell, Court, Marry. Set Fowls, Seek Employment, Sign Contracts. Ask Favors, Hire Servants, Deal with Others, Speculate, Travel, Remove &c.. &c.

Weather & general Predictions; Farming & abet Tables. Ls., &e. 116 pages, Prices 6d. past free 7d. Foulsham & Co., 4, Pilgrim St.. Ludgate Hill, E.C., Lows. and LAITILWATX, Warrington and all Statipers.

<

MEUMMIMWiNii

- •17;`... ' t?'

===== 0002601_18941103_art0007.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•

===== 0002601_18941103_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
THE VERDICT.

BOVRIL

MAKES

MADE-UP DISHES MOST TASTY & DELICIOUS.

I ..-• ...,...,.--:., ~.. : ~ • % . . la, ' - -\;l' -- ‘\ 1 - i ,-- ' —"), , ,Y)-.','—,---s- I/141111i,, ' / '' ~ • 4.41.-,,,11,1,' i'f, Ifll,'-----' •' -- , 'i; ~,, _-- I , ,

===== 0002601_18941103_art0009.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
OF ALL

COOKS

===== 0002601_18941103_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

BLUE PEAS—Those discharged through a pea.. shooter.

The best Band to accompany a Lady Vocalist— A hus band. THERE are some things a dwarf can't do, but he can catch just as big a cold as a giant. A BACHELOR'S LOGIC. —" Marriage is a lottery; lotteries are illegal ; therefore I simply obey the law by keeping single." GENTLEMAN, after tasting his champagne (?) : "Waiter, it seems to me that your master plays old gooseberry with his customers!" FRANKLIN CORRECTED. —He that takes a wife takes Care, says Franklin. But Brown says thak Franklin is wrong—" thit he who takes care doesn't take a wife

A SOMEWHAT juvenile dandy said to a fair partner at a ball: "Don't you think, miss, my moustaches are becoming 1'" To which she re- plied, "Well, sir, they may be coming,' but they have not yet arrived." A JUDGE, in crossinc, the Irish Channel one stormy night, met on Card a well-known witty Q. C., who was suffering terribly from sea-sickness. "Can I do anything for you ?" said the judge. "Yes," gasped the sea-sick lawyer, "I wish your lordship would overrule this motion." INSINITATING.—FOgIe: "Excuse me, madam, but your back•hair is coming down." Madam: "Well, I don't see that it concerns you, sir." Fogle : "But it does, madam; for I am afraid it will fall to the ground, and should it do so my gentlemanly instinct would prompt me to pick it up, which, as I suffer from lumbago, would cause me considerable pain !" Miss CHATTER—" I think the trombone in the orchestra should be abolished." Miss Gabble— " Why so ?" Miss Chatter—" Because you can't hear yourself talk between the acts. Wait until the curtain goes up, as the fashionable people do." "'WILLIE," said the young mother to her abject slave, "you must go to work and raise a beard right away." "What for ?" askecl the bewildered husband. "To amuse baby. His grandpa was here this afternoon, and it would have done your heart good to see how the little darling did enjoy pulling the old man's whiskers. He pulled some of them clean out. YOUNG WIFE: "Oh, darling, I've been and had my photo. taken, and it is lovely. Here's the bill." Young Husband: " Ah, yes; Thy face is ever dear to me.'' "My wife saved me from being robbed by a desperate character one night." "How?" "He climbed into our room window at midnight and went through my trousers pockets, but he got nothing. She had been there first." MONEY SAVED is 'MoNEy EARNED. Mrs. Winks: "I'd just like to know why those Minkses have so much more money than we have." Mr. Winks: "Mrs. Minks was born on Christmas Day, and married on Christmas Day, so that the three celebrations come at once. Think of the pile Mr. Minks has saved on presents to her." A COUNTER FAD.—Primus: "We hear much about the absurdities of fashion ; but most fashions have some basis in reason." Secundus (sarcasti- cally) : "What, may I ask, is the philosophy of carrying our canes upside down ? ' Primus: "That's easy. It's to break dudes of the habit of sucking them." A MOTHER was showing her dear little Joe a pic- ture of the martyrs thrown to the lions, and was talking very solemnly to him, trying to make hint feel what a terrible thing it was. "Ma," said he, all at once, "oh, ma, just look at that poor little lion right behind there ! He wont get any." " MAMMA," said Willie, "that little Susie Har- kins called me a donkey to-day." "What did you do ?" " Well, of course, I couldn't slap a little girl, so I told sister Mary, and she just scratched Susie out of sight." "JUST like our luck, Jacob, my poy ! You puy periodicals entitling you or yours to dree tousand pounds, and here you are from a long and ex- pensive journey alive and well; and the monish is nowhere ! Ugh! Ve alvays vas an Unlucky family ! " TEACHER: "I'm glad to see you working so diligently at your writinc, lesson." Little Boy : " Yes'm ; I want to get so 'I can write my own ex- cuses." COMPLIMENTARY.—" Aw, I have such a dwedful cold in me head!" remarked a masher, as he stroked the tender tip of his nose. "Better that than nothing," was the witty but cruel response of a maiden who heard him. A HUSBAND complains sadly of the price of "ducks." His wife recently bought three for 10 guineas—namely, a " duck ' of a dress, a " duck " of a bonnet, and a " duck " of a parasol. AN advocate, blind of one eye, pleading one day with his spectacles on, said, "Gentlemen, I shall use nothing but what is necessary." "Then," said Mingay, "take out one of the glasses of your spectacles !" THE NEXT QUESTION.—Mr. Dimity (saying good.

bye to his book-keeper, who has a lea-ve of al.uce): "Going to get married, eh ? But you can't sup- port a family on your salary." Mr. Dimling: "It's very kind of your to mention that, sir. How much increase may I expect, sir ?" AMERICAN' women become smarter in their re- torts every day. "I sometimes wonder," said an Englishman visiting New York to a pretty girl sitting next to him at dinner, "what becomes of all your peaches here in American." "Oh," was the reply, "we eat what we can, and can what we

YOUNG Du. PiLuz—" I attended Mrs. Languish to-day, father, but I can't see for the life of me that anything is the matter with her." Old Dr. Pille (gasping)—" But, for Heaven's sake, my boy, I hope yon didn't say anything of the kind to her Young Dr. Pille—" No, father." Old Dr. Pille "Good You know, a healthy patient lasts a long time, Mortimer 1" RIVALRY in trade is shown in the case of two sausage dealers in Paris with shops adjoiniug, one of whom has painted on his glass windew, over a pyramid of sausages : "At thirty centimes a pound—to pay more is to be robbed ;" while the other puts his sausages into an obelisk, and paints above it. "At forty centimes a pound—to pay less is to be poisoned." Too MUCII OF A GOOD THING. Johnson "What became of that man who had twenty-seven medals for saving people from drowning ?" Jack- son : "lie foil in one day when he had them all on, and the weight of 'em sunk him." MAGICAL METAMORPROSIS.—Woudrous are the effects of thirst 1 We have frequently seen a "thirsty Soul" walking along the road, and all in a minute he has turned into a public-house ! A MAN was boasting that he had never received a bribe to the extent of a farthing. " Oh, Smith, how can you say so," observed a friend, "when I know that Mr. W. sent you a hare `!" "fly, that's true enough ; but it was lull of maggots." " Well, then," was the rejoinner, "if it was not bribery, it was eorriov;,,,

===== 0002601_18941103_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOW THIS TO SOME WOMAN.

I will send a valuable. inst-uctive. and highly interesting book which every woman would be glad to have Contains important and confidential advice and tells both married and single how to keep healthy and avoid the anxieties so distressinv to the sex. Sent free, securely zeoled, for one stan:p to cover postage. APPRFSS : ProCPSIor E. LASALLF: 17, Eastbourne Terrace' Paddington, lk,ndon, W.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0012.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4

===== 0002601_18941103_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
CAPITAL" CHAT.

During two or three recent mayoralties the Lord Mayor for the time being has thrown open the Mansion House to 1,500 or 1,600 friends for the enjoyment of what has been called a "Rational Sunday," the rationalness consisting in listening to a concert of sacred music. The present Lord Mayor, on the very eve of his retirement, had his "Rational Sunday." It was given in the Egyptian Hall of the Mansion House, and the National Sun-' day League was greatly in evidence, one of the aldermen of the City being its president. Coming on the back of the recent throwing open of the Guildhall pictures on Sunday, the Rational Sunday concert shows the direction in which the minds of City men are moving on the Sunday question. But a similar tendency to "rationalise" the Sunday, as it is called, is abroad all over London, and in an- other generation the old-fashioned Sabbath day will evidently be a thing entirely of the past, at least in the metropolis.

Two points of great interest on this subject are much exercising men's minds now. One of these is whether the Conservative leaders will treat the at- tack on the House of Lords by a blank and uncom- promising negative or by stating an alternative scheme of reform calculated to make the Second Chamber far more powerful than now. The other is as to the possibility of the Government living through another session in its endeavour either to carry certain pressing measures or to throw on the Lords the added odium of rejecting them. I find,in some quarters a disposition to think that a know- ledge of the issue to be fought out at the polling booths will demoralise the House of Commons for legislative purposes, and that the force of circum- stances will hurry the crisis on beyond the control of Ministers. But one thing insisted on is that we must have a new and enlightened Registration Ant as the essential condition of referring the future of the House of Lords to the constituencies.

The cue of the Tory Press is to endeavour to ridicule Lord Rosebery's utterance as a very little thing of the mouse produced by the labouring mountain order. This attempt to laugh away the flag unfurled at Bradford as an exceedingly insig- nificant rag is too transparent to deceive anyone. What, it is asked, would have satisfied these fire- eaters if they think procedure by resolution— which was at any rate effectual in 1860 and at other times—a mere discharge of empty cartridge? There wonld be considerable surprise if, when Lord Salisbury comes to speak, he should be found to treat the gauntlet thrown down to him as a thin kid glove, meant for appearance and not for use, for whatever ingenuity may be displayed in mic- roscopically searching individual passages in Lord Rosebery's speech for indications of hesitancy,those who build upon his recognition of difficulties as indicating a want of thoroughness are founding their hopes on sand. The one thing certain is that Lord Rosebery and his Cabinet are in earnest in determining that the country shall once for all say aye or nay to the question—" Shall the House of Lords continue?" They have put t';eir hands to the plough, and will not look back. cess

When the Prim of Wales arrived in London on Monday afternoon it struck observers that she looked very pale. She was dressed in the deepest black—what" for, no one knew—as were also her daughters Princesses Victoria and Maud. There was not a hit of colour about the Princesses. It is curious. The Prince of Wales was with them, and he likewise was in black, as were all the suite. The party is to stay in town till Friday, when, if the Czar's improvement continues, they are to go to Sandringham for the birthday of the Prince, when parties are to be held. This visit is primarily for shopping purposes. The Duke of York came up with hit parents and went on to York House, St. James's to join the Duchess, who has been there with Prince Edward since Friday last week.

It is to be hoped that two such Labour leaders as Mr. John Burns and Mr. George Shipton will not carry their quarrel too far; but it is a significant ' illustration of the bitterness with which the Em- pire Music gall controversy has entered into our civic life that two such men have taken to libelling each other. Mr. Shipton is secretary of the Theatri- cal Operatives' Union, and on behalf of the work- people whom the closing of the theatre would throw out of employment he opposed Mr. Chant's crusade. Mr. Burns throws himself into the support of purity,but kept his opinions to himself until the county council discussed the question, when, in'the course of his speech, he accused Mr. Shipton, in strong and outspoken language, of unduly interfer- ing in the matter. Mr. Shipton, confident of the legality of all he has done, is meditating bringing the law of libel into force againse Mr. Burns unless some candid friend advises him not to be too ridicu- lous. The interests of labour, which both have so much at heart, will not be forwarded by two of labour's typical representatives falling foul of each over the Empire promenade.

The creature comforts of the Swazi Indunas are being looked after appropriately enough by Mr. 1 Whiteley, the universal provider. Including the warrior seven feet high, who has left behind in his home tokens of his prowess in the shape of dried visages of slain foes, they are housed at Hammer- smith. There was a funny scene on Tuesday when the Indunas were taken to be fitted with or measured for clothes of European cut. The sight of seven Indunas with stone rings on their heads try- ing on shining top hats and the latest thing in frock coats was too comic for any psges but those of "Punch." Though much perplexed what to do with their coat tails and puzzled by trousers, they yet suffer these with resignation. But they draw the line at patent leather boots, and absolutely refuse to wear them, even though four sizes larger than any usually kept in stock. When these warriors appear in the parks clad in the garb of Pall Mall, but shoeless and sockless, may I be there to see! To our tobacco they take kindly, with pre- ference for the stronger brands, hut they show I quite a Good Templar's distaste for intoxicating drinks.

Mr. Stuart, the interpreter who accompanies this Swaziland deputation, is already occupied with arranging for the presentation of the views of the Indunas to those in authority. There is no doubt that among both English and natives in Swaziland the prospect of having the country handed over to the Boers is regarded with vast dislike. The Boer would harry both white and black, especially if in toossession of land which he wishes for cattle grazing. A friend of mine, a former Liverpool journalist who is now farming in Swaziland, when over in this country a couple of years ago, des- cribed the conduct of the Boers as utterly unbear- able wherever they had the least authority. The country is very tine, full of excellent farm land,and in parts a good game country, which it would be a pity to see pass away from us.

The ninth annual exhibition of the London and Provincial Ornithological Society which was held this week, was certainly an excellent show. There were over a thousand entries, and in the canaries alone there were 94 classes. In fact, the students of canaries—one learns with some interest that these are both professionals and amateurs—can examine the finest varieties. Under artificial cul- ture canaries are becoming almost as much special- ised as pigeons; but luckily—one fears it is not yet ' been made as ugly and unnatural as some pigeon monstrosities. It is rather shocking to see that there is a class for migratory birds. The migratory instinct is extraordinarily strong, and to put a swallow or a nightingale in a cage and so force it to withstand the darkness and cold of an English winter is to subject the bird to what is probably a peculiarly painful death. Some birds can stand cage life; but to put genuine migrants into cages is positively cruel. Among curiosities might be noticed an albino twite, or mountain linnet. This bird, by the way, takes comfortably to cage life though it is a sub-Arctic species and must not be confined to warm rooms. Its pretty little conver- sation, " Mrs. Wolseley,Mrs. Wolseley, how d'ye do ?" is quite charming. The foreign classes are large, and fairly good as regards variety. A monkey,who nevertheless joins to the best of his small ability in the singing, would seem to be wrongly classified in an ornithological show.

One man was killed and several injured on Wednesday by a fall of timber at the Salford Docks.

MOXON'S NURSERY BOON (Unequalled for DESTROYING NITS, and PARASITES

in the HUMAN. HAIR.) OF CHEMISTS and the PROPRIETOR, J. L. AI 0 X 0 N, 252, PARK-ROAD. LIVERPOOL. Cd. and is. per box. Post Free 71 anal!. Please mention We paper.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0014.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18941103_art0015.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_

- ,

===== 0002601_18941103_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY NOVEMBER 3, 1894.

A greater portion of divorces takes place between the fifth and tenth year of married life.

_ There is to be a joint celebration of the golden wedding of the Earl of Bradford, the silver wedding of his son, Viscount Newport, and the coming of age of the latter's eldest son.

Admiral Ito, the Japanese hero of the day, who is known among his devoted sailors as "the Lean Ad- miral," on account of his extreme thinness, has a daugh- ter who is oie of Japan's very few blonde beauties. If a train, moving at the speed sf twenty-five miles an hour, were suddenly stopped, a passenger would experience a shock equal to that of falling from a second floor window; at thirty miles an hour, he might as well fall from a height of three pairs of stairs; and an express train's sudden stoppage would be like a fall from a fourth storey.

It has been estimated from the stamp duties paid by patent medicine makers that four million of pills are taken by the inhabitants of the United Kingdom every week. In France the quantity is about half. Only about one million are taken by the people of Russia. The Australians are the biggest pill takers in the world.

Miss Adeline Sergeant, the novelist, has her home in some residential chambers near Tottenham Court-road. Her " flat " is about the prettiest in a building which is full of artistic taste and refinement. Miss Sergeant held a scholarship at Queen's College, London, worked for some time as a journalist in Dundee, and has published about a dozen novels. She takes considerable interest in social questions, is a Fabian, and works in the Board Sctools of St. Pancras as one of the Committee of Local Managers. In a letter to a Continental journal, Mr. Astrup, the Norwegian explorer, in speaking of the recent Arctic expedition manned by Lieutenant Peary, mentions that the relations between members of the party became somewhat strained en route, and that "the ladies had an extremely bad influence on the good relations and co-operation among the expedition.' We conclude,says the "Lady," that "armed neutrality" was by no means their attitude. This is strange, for if "freezing polite- ness " were to be found anywhere, one would expect to find it in these Northern latitudes. While Lord Salisbury never wears a buttonhole, Mr. Gladstone, is generally to be seen attached to a laree nosegay, says " Pearson's." Mrs. Gladstone usually purchases the flowers when they are travelling together abroad, but at home the ex-Premier makes his own choice. It is a mistake, by the way, to suppose that Mr. Gladstone never smokes. The G.0.M., however draws the line at cigarettes, only accepting cigars from the Prince of Wales ani a few favourite hosts. Person- ally, he would rather leave tobacco in every form, alone.

Dining Rules. Fruit is not to be bitten; it should be peeled and cut with a fruit knife.

Never drum with the fingers upon the tablf"—or with the feet upon the floor.

No gentleman will ever place his arms upon the table either before, during,or after a meal. Meats are to be cut with a single gliding movement of the knife, not by converting it into a saw. Keep the elbows always close to the side, no matter how ample may be the room between guests. Be punctual—to keep a dinner party waiting under any circumstances is the gravest social indecorum. Take soup only from the side of the spoon—unless wearing a moustache; never sip it with an audible sound.

Never play with knife and fork or other table utensils; do not touch them at all, except when about to use them.

Fish is to be taken with a fork only; it should be carried to the mouth with the tines of the fork pointing downward.

Do not forget that cheerfulness" suggests good health, a clear conscience, and a soul at peace with all human nature." Food.

It has heen demonstrated over and over again that man cannot live on a diet composed of any onc of the alimentary principles. Whenever the attempt has been made to support life on any of them, such as albumen alone, or sugar or starch alone, or simple gelatine, the result has been a practical starvation. An experimenter managed to support lite for ten days on a diet composed entirely of .albumen, derived from bullock's bleod and water. Symptoms of an alarming nature soon showed themselves' and at the end of ten days he was obligcd to desist. Attempts of a less rigid kind also terminated in a similar way ; and in those cases where life had been supported entirely upon lean meat or upon cheese the health has quickly deteriorated. In some conditions of the constitution, such as diabetes, it becomes necessary to deprive the patient of carbo- hydrates. because of his inability to assimilate them ; and enly those who have themselves suffered or have closely watched the sufferings of others can be aware of the misery which a restricted diet of this kind entails on the sufferer, and the terrible longing for the forbidden food. In the early days of his existence man is dependent entirely on one article of diet, viz., milk ; and it is a remarkable and most instructive fact that milk contains an admixture of all the alimentary princi- ples we have enumerated—the albuminates, carbo- hydrates, fat, water, and salts. Milk may, therefore, be regarded as a typical food. If milk be allowed to stand, the cream rises to the top, and may be skimmed off. This is the fatty constituent of milk. If to the skimmed milk Some rennet be added ,the casein will coagulate,and can be separated as curd. This is the albuminate or nitrogenous constituent of milk. The fluid left after the coagulation of the casein, which is known as whey, con- tains the sugar of milk, or lactin, which is the carbo- hydrate constituent, as well as the salts and most of the water. Roughly speaking, therefore, butter is almost pure fat, cheese is almost purely albuminous. and whey is the vehicle of the sugar and salts.—" The Family Physician.

THE DOUBLE LIFE: 08, THE HAMPTON MYSTERYi By the Author of " DAAawoOD.'9

CHAPTER XXXII: THE EVE OF A DISCOVERY. Ido commend me to you. HAMLET. The Burnt Downs, as has been said, comprises a barren and desolate region of some extent, thickly covered with furze bushes, and furrowed with many fissures and inequalities. There are no trees on this prairie-like expanse, and but few flowers grow here besides the yellow blossoms of the gorse. Its chief inhabitants are the flocks of sheep which feed on the succulent herbage, and the wild hares which live and thrive under cover of the bushes. In the midst of this dreary region upon a high knoll commanding a wide view, stood a small, neat, cobble-stone cottage, with two rooms, and a great, old-fashioned, projecting chimney. This dwelling was the home of Peggy Willsey, the woman who had loved the unworthy George Negwyn enough to remain single for his sake. She lived alone here, tending her sheep, which fed on the Downs and finding a strange pleasure in the utter solitude. She was not devoid of womanly tastes, as was evidenced by the wild rose bushes which had been carefully trained over the small, leaden-sashed windows and over the low, latticed porch. These vines were leafless now, but under the windows a few early flowers were unfolding their petals, des- pite the yet chilly atmosphere. In the rear of the tiny dwelling was a still smaller stable, built of cobble-stones, with a thatched roof. Here were housed a small stout donkey and a cow, when the weather did not per- mit them to wander on the Downs. On the morning subsequent to the maiden's flight from Trevelyan Park, soon after sunrise, Giralda and Mrs. Pumpton entered on the Downs, ,guid- ing their horses in the path leading to the cottage, Both were fatigued beyond measure. Their tide had been long and hard, rind not without its perils. They had encountered few people, only a farmer returning home about midnight in his wagon, and, since daybreak, two or three labourers going to their work; yet they had not been able to divest themselves of a nervous sense of danger ,and pursuit. "You look tired out, Miss," said Mrs. Pumpton, compassionately regarding the pale face of her young charge. "Your excitement, sleeplessness, and this hard night's ride, have, all together, been too much for you. But we shall soon be at Peg- gy's now. You can see her cottage from here." She pointed toward it, and Giralda's gaze fol- lowed the direction of her outstretched finger. The young girl brightened a little at the near prospect of shelter and rest. "I shall feel safe here, "she said, smiling faint- ly. "My enemies will never find me here while I an waiting for a letter from mamma. Do you think that this Peggy Willsey will receive me ? "I know she will," was the quick response. "Peggy thinks the Trevelyans the greatest family in the world. There is nothing she would not do for a Trevelyan. She remembers. Mr. Geoffrey well. Many's the gay smile and pleasant word he gave her when he was at the Park. He had a smile and a kind word for everybody, Miss, and everbody loved him. Peggy will be your friend, and stand by you through thick and thin, if you tell her that you are Mr. Geoffrey's daughter l' By this time the travellers had approached the cottage sufficiently near to see that the door was open. A line smoke was curling up from the chimney, and it was evident that breakfast was in course of preparation. "That's odd," said Mrs. Pumpton, urging her horse into a gallop. "Peggy was alway used to breakfast here at daybreak. What's set her into this lazy habit, I should like to know. At any rate, Miss, we're just in time." With an expression of complete satisfaction, the good woman urged her horse to still greater speed, Giralda following her example. As they neared tho cottage they saw a woman's form appear in the door-way and a startled face looked out at them from the shadow of the bare rose-vines, and then face and form disappeared, and the sound of a door hurriedly shut followed. A minute later they rode up to the porch and dismounted. They had scarcely gained their feet when the woman they had before seen appeared in the door-way, a slightly perturbed expression on her features. She was a tall, large; masculine looking woman with an arm and a step like a grenadier. Her large, full-moon face had an honest look that won Ciralda's liking in an instant. Her eyes had a kindly look in them, and her mouth wore an ex- pression at once pleasant and shrewd. Her dress of brown stuff was kilted about her waist, display- ing a pair of heavy feet, encased in stout boots yet wet with the dew of a long morning tramp on the Downs. This was Peggy Willsey. She recognized the housekeeper of Trevelyan Park at a glance, and sprang forward with outstretched hand and a dozen eager questions on her lips. "Come in, come in" she exclaimed, hospitably, after pausing to tether the tired horses. "And the lady too 1" she added, with a cour- tesy. "My poor cottage is quite at your service 1" She led the way into the dwelling. It was as neat in the interior as the exterior. The door of the inner room was closed, but the main room had an air of simple comfort to which English cottages of the humbler type are in general utter strangers. Peggy, however, was the daugh- ter of a small farmer, and her ideas had been culti- vated by years of service at Trevelyan Park. Being independent on her small means, it was scarcely to be wondered at that she had curtains of white dimity at the windows, a bright, home-made carpet on the floor, a sampler of mournful design and duly framed on the clean, whitewashed wall, and a red, chintz-covered lounge with square pillows in the coziest corner of the room. But the feature which most attracted the worthy Mrs. Pumptori was the fire on the hearth, with tea- kettle singing busily on its crane, and a delicate bird broiling over the coals. "A bird on toast !" she muttered. "A dish for a lord, or a sick person! You used to live on course food, Peggy. Have you turned dainty all at once?" Peggy colored, and murmured something her guests did not understand, as she hastened to place chairs for them. "Can't you give us something to eat at once?" questioned the housekeeper, as Giralda sat down, tired and pallid on the lounge. "This breakfast of yours will just do for my young lady, Peggy." The hostess looked embarrassed, but a glance at Giralda compelled her to assent. "I've more birds," she said, hastening to produce them from her small larder. "Whatever brought you to see me, Mrs. Pumpton? How long are you thinking of staying ?" These straightforward questions received straightforward answers. "I came to you with my young lady, Peggy," said the housekeeper," because I had need of help and a friend, and I knew I could rely on your friendship for me." Peggy nodded gravely, as she raked together the coals and laid the birds on them. "I must start for home to-day," cantinued Mrs. Pumpton. "I cannot even stop with you over night 1" Peggy looked relieved. Evidently she had been apprehensive of a longer visit. • We'll talk up what you want, Mrs. Pumpton, after breakfast,' she said, with more hospitalit. than she had before exhibited. "In the mean- time you can rest, or be walking about," she added, with a glance at the open door-way. If this was intended as a hint, it was not taken. Giralda leaned back on the pillows of the lounge, a delicious sense of rest creeping over her tired frame, and Mrs. Pumpton fanned herself with her handkerchief, and watched the movements of her hostess with glances of approval. The table was made ready at last. A black carthern pot of fragrant tea, a dish of dainty birds on toast, a pot of jam and one or two other delicacies, made up a repast which excited Mrs. Pumpton's warmest approbation and sur- prise. "You live like a queen here, Peggy," she ob- served, as Giralda took a seat at the table, and gently compelled her to clO the same. "You will eat with us, Peggy ? " asked the maiden, smiling. "No, Miss. I had my breakfast hours age." was tee reply. "It you will kindly excuse me, and let Mrs. Pumpton wait on you, I will go on with my work." She was readily excused, and bustled about, her back to her guests, trusting to their preoccupation, as it seemed, not to notice her movements. The quick eye of the Park housekeeper, however, trained to observe everything, noted that she was spreading a snowy napkin on a tray, and arrang- ing upon it temptingly a breakfast similar to that set before the travellers, with the addition of a bumbler of milk. _ nen. with a auick glance towards the tabla. and

===== 0002601_18941103_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

MT DEAREST NELLIE,

Sofa; as colour is concerned, brown appears the fashionable wear, and by this is not meant any particular shade, mixtures of brown and blue, brown and green, and brown and claret colour. They make up most fascinatingly with moire or satin—the former for choice-5n4 these are recom- mended most strongly to au. Provided your tweed is a good one, you may always substitute velvet trimmings later on, when the days get short and cold, and a cosy appLarance is de- sirable.

Capes appear more popular at present than jackets; although the latter will bo more worn later on when a cape wrap is not a sufficient pro- tection against the biting winds. A very useful "convertible" ulster shows the cape, which may be worn over any costume, 'f,2..; a Led. Material makes a great deal of diff4ren:le to this class of wrap, and in alpaca, with siik iaeinve, it forms a delightful dust or travelling wrap, which would be useful throughout the autumn.

Among the pretty millinery have inspected recently is a large hat of black velvet, somewhat of the Beefeater shape, trimmed quite simply with a group of beautiful black feathers, and at the back a tiny bow of velvet, the exeellent effect being further intensified by the addition of a pleating of bright cerise-coioured chenille, set some inch or se from the edge of the under part of the brim, In just such touches as these is the skill of the really good milliner shown. Another is a toque of cream-coloured and blackefelt, the crown is black, and the double fluted brim black and cream; amongst the folds of the felt nestle three swallows, a fourth almost hidden under the brim, while two poises of violets fittingly accompany the feathered heralds of spring. Again there was a smart velvet bonnet, with ruche or ostrich round gown, and with ostricke.nd spreay plume.

Bonnets are for the most part rather square and wide in front, and come down low at the back, or, to speak more accurately, the trimming is arranged to fall over the knot of hair. Crowns of gold, silver, or jet openwork lined with coloured velvet are very popular, and the brims in many instances consist of loops of velvet ribbon, with a large square bow and either a buckle and osprey, or a couple of slender wings in front. A pretty bonnet has a loose, puffed crown of dark cerise velvet, and a folded brim of the same covered with jetted net, a cluster of black feather pompons and a tuft of jetted osprey being placed at the side. The strings are of black velvet. This style of bonnet—i.e., with a full velvet crown—looks very well if the brim is formed of a band of fur—petunia velvet, and chinchilla crimson, crimson and sable, and dark green and the new grey fox, which is known as zitka, being among the most satisfactory combinations.

Velveteen will be much worn this winter, and many of the new models in this material are excessively pretty. Claret, cerise, red, purple, blue, green, and tabac brown are the most fashion- able colours. A light powder-blue velveteen is made with a full, short bodice, finished off by a waist-belt with a large bow in front, a folded eollar, with a lace tie beneath of old lace, giving a somewhat quaint cff !ct ; the &ewes are of the gigot shape, and the quite plain skirt just touches the ground.

Yours lovingly,

jktliNlS.

James Edwards, of Marbury, Cheshire, who cut his throat in the hospital of Whitchurch Workhouse on Tuesday, died on Wednesday morning. It appeared that the guardians, ficiding Edwards had saved £5 to provide for his interment in the grave of hig deceased wife, ordered his discharge.

*' 'C'-'i ''''''-(' , Ifi \.\-,.,•-, 1 iti\ \A \ , :II N 101) r 1,11 ?,111411 "dill, . 1 q ll/P 1/1p . Pid 114 0 k YI, 1 11, ut " it'll.iiiii i JI , • ! -111 i • ' 11\ • , , , I , I

' / r ~ , k),'' ~..,... • co: . , 1 st .. ~,,''::, '• • " ~.NV .:,..... ...1 \‘`, it*, ''' : 'ete.t s: ~, kA, •..,,,:'- 3,',,A,..= ....1.5 '',

t 4/.. , 17 ' 4:v -, - • . ....,..., .\\\q . k V 11, " • • \\•:„::\ • A\ i' 1, r '

===== 0002601_18941103_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
MUCH BETTER THAN 'STEEL AND PENNYROYAL

OTTEY'S UNLABELLED

STRONG FEMALE PILLS. quickly and Certainly remove all obstructions arising from any cause whatever. Invaluable for married women. Post free, under cover for 14, and 33 stamps, from

THOMAS OTTEY, Chemist. BURTON-ON-TUENT P:asse mention this per

===== 0002601_18941103_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
WHAT IS SPRAT DAY?

The Ninth of November seems says " Little Folks," to have a special interest for Londoners. It is the day on which the new Lord takes up his office, after an extra- ordinary procession, called the Lord Mayor's Show, through some of the chief stre.ets. It is also the birth- day of the present Prince of %Vales, an event that leads to a good deal of feasting and illumination in the West End of the town. But in the eyes of some folk its lead- ing claim to fame rests on the fact that it is the begin- ning of the sprat season, and hence its popular name of Sprat Day.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
A BISHOP ON UNDENOMINATIONAL EDUCATION

BIGOTS REPROVED.

The Bishop of Rochester (Dr. Randall Davidson, son- in-law of the late Archbishop Tait) in his visitation charge on Monday said it seemed to him almost incon- ceivable how any Christian man who knew the facts could Bp6ak of the religious teaching at present given kinder the London School Board as " worthless " because it was " undenominational." Those who denounced the teaching as useleQs or untrue betrayed either a strange ignorance of facts or a bigoted determination to ignore them.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
HOUSEHOLD ACCIDENTS.

These are occurring hourly. Either a child is burnt or scalded, its finger cut or bruised, perhaps bitten by a dog, scratched by puss, or it may be a fall, a strain, or one of the thousand vexatious troubles cropping up in the home, in the business, the stable, the hunting field, barracks, on shipboard, the playground, and in the sporting world—from cycle to steeplechase. It is then that HOMOCEA shines. Apply in alt cases freely, and in a very short time all pain is allayed and healing begins. Any night baby may have an attack of croup, and just a quarter teaspoonful given internally acts like a charm ; also for rubbing the throat and chest HOMOCEA is useful. Again, what father or mother does not know what it is to be awakened by a child crying with the earache or toothache. Fill the ear with -HOMOCEA, or rub the gums, and if the tooth is decayed, put HOMOCEA in, and the business is done.

Mr. J. W. C. FEGAN,

Writing from "The Boys' Home." 95, Southwark Street, London, S.E., Says "I know no preparation like • Homocea ' for general usefulness in an institution like this. I have thoroughly tested it try personal application, and amongst our boys, for all kinds of pain and accidents IT DOES ALL that is guaranteed to do, and we would not be without It here on any account. It is not only a wonderful lubricant, but strongly antiseptic, and relieves inflam- mation awl pain almost instantaneously. Personally I cannot express my thankfulness for it. I have used it for all kinds of ailments during the last eight years here, and at sea, and in Canada. For stiffness, sprains. muscular rheumatism, sore throat, mosquito bites, &c it is a real boon, and no praise can be too high for it. No one need be afraid to use it for even the most tender tart, or even on raw flesh. I have frequently used it for my eyesight with much benefit. I have always kept HIPPACEA '

(the veterinary preparation) for stable use. For sci e

backs, broken bels,-Sce , it i; a grand specific." Remember that HOMOCEA subdues inflammation and allays irritation almo,t as soon as applied for it •‘ TOUCHES THE SPOT."

All wholesale houses stock HOMOCEA. It can be obtained from Chemists and others at is. id. or 2s. 9d. per box, or will be sent by post for is. 3d. and 3s. from the wholesale agency, 21, Hamilton square, Birkenhead.

Sold in the neighbourhood by J. R. YOUNG, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON by the executors of the lati, ISAAC SPEARMAN, BRIDGE-STREET PHARMACY, RUN- CORN; J. H. wEsToN, DEVONSHIRE BUILDING. RUN- CORN; S. STRINGFELLOW 1, COLLEGE-STREET, Sr, HEIENS ; and by E. BOOTH, 5, CHESTER BRIDGE, CREWE. (5)

===== 0002601_18941103_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
Cerny concealing the tray by a napkin, Peggy

went- into the inner room, soou returning empty- handed. "You have a visitor ? " asked Mrs. Pumpton,

_ carelessly, as Peggy waited upon Giralda. _ The woman started, flushed, and muttered a re- luctant assent.

"A sick person ? " questioned the Park house- keeper. "Neither sick or well, only delicate," was the response. "It is a little boy. I used to know his pa, and he sent the little fellow here to get strong and healthy. The air of the Downs is reckoned wholesome."

Mrs. Pumpton's curiosity, as well as her appetite, was quite satisfied. She moved back from the table as Giralda arose and went to the door, looking idly out upon the wide, sun-lit Downs.

A moment later the maiden had strayed out of doors, and the two women were left to them- selves.

"Sit down, Peggy," said the housekeeper, sociably, puffing up with the importance of her secret. "Does that, young lad., remind you of anybody you ever saw ?" "I don't know as she does," responded Peggy, reflectively. "Then you don't call to mind a pair of eyes like hers in the head of an innocent young gentleman, poor lamb ! that strayed off to foreign parts, and died there? Leastways, it was said he died." "Mr. Geoffrey !" cried Peggy, interested at once. "Yes, her eyes are like his, Mrs. Pumpton. Why didn't I see it without being told? Who is she ?"

The Park housekeeper bristled with importance. "That young lady, Peggy," she said, impres- sively, "is Mr. Geoffrey's daughter." Peggy immediately assumed the wonder-struck attitude which Mrs. Pumpton expected. "You don't say 1" she exclaimed, in a whisper, with uplifted hands. Mrs. Pumpton nodded, and continued: "And more. Mr. Geoffrey is alive, married, and 'his young lady is the eldest of his three children. Ile has two sons,"

"Alive 1" cried Peggy, incredulously. "Mr. Geoffrey alive 1" "As alive as you or I. He has been living in Tngland for years, no one knowing of it. He married a play-actress." "And the poor Lady Beatrice Hampton living mingle, out of grief for him 1" said Peggy, with sorrowful emphasis. "I wonder if all men are alike, Mrs. Pumpton ?" and she sighed. "Pretty much so, I suppose," said the house- keeper. Thank fortune, it's little I have to do with them. My lord is all I can manage." "How does my lord treat Mr. Geoffrey ?" asked Peggy. "He used to be down on him awful." "And is now. He don't suspect that Mr. Geoff- rey is living—at least he didn't till last night, and then the rage he was in ! Miss Giralda, my young lady, has been staying at the Park, and my lord set a store by her, never dreaming that she was his niece. Lord Adlowe told him of it last night, and he turned Miss Giralda off on the spot. Mr. Geoffrey is in hiding. She can't go to her mother, and I didn't know any place to take her to where she would be so safe as here. If you could keep her, Peggy, and make her comfortable till she can write to her parents, she would like to stay with you." "My poor cottage is no fit shelterfor a Trevelyan," objected Peggy. "My young lady will be content. You see that that wicked Lord Adlowe is pursuing her, deter- mined to make her his wife, as he's found out who she is. My lord will also persecute her." "I don't know how safe she would be here," said Peggy, tlrbughtfully. "I should like to do the daughter of Mr. Geoffrey a service. But my little boarder, the boy I spoke of, is Lord Adlowe's son or ward, and his lordship may come here at any time." "Lord Adlowe has no son. Dear me! what am . Ito do?" cried Mrs. Pumpton, in sudden anxiety and distress. "I had calculated on leaving her with you." • At this juncture Giralda re-entered the room. She saw at once that an obstacle had arisen in the course of the negotiation between the two women. Before inquiring into it, she asked the question that had been uppermost in her mind from the moment of her arrival: "Do you know where George Negwyn is—he who used to live at Trevelyan Park as valet to the young gentleman ?" "George Negwyn? " repeated her hostess her honest face flushing, and a sudden eagerness show- ing itself in her manner. "No, Miss. I haven't heard from him since the day he left the park, eighteen years ago. He went to Australia. _Per- haps he died there." "No', he is not dead. He cannot be dead l" said Giralda, her great eyes darkening with sup- pressed.feeling. "it is he, and he alone, who can right a great wrong, and Providence must have preserved him for that purpose. It is he who is needed to bring Lord Adlowe to justice." Peggy looked at her guest wonderingly. "Do you know who 1 am ? " asked Giralda, after 1 a moment's silence. I "Yes, my lady—yes, Miss. Mrs. Pumpton told Inc."

"She told you that I am the daughter of the wronged Geoffrey Trevelyan, who still lives. It ii true. And if George Negwyn lives he has it in his power to clear my dear father's name. He pos- sesses the clue to that strange affair which has darkened so many lives," "I have thought so before," murmured Peggy, her face paling. "I have feared sometimes' from his flight and long silence, that he himself had a hand in the business, Miss."

"He was Lord -Adlowe's accomplice, nothing more. If I could see him I would so entreat him, bribe him, and appeal to him, that he would do.my father justice. I know he would. Do you love him yet, Peggy?" The shepherdess was a reserved woman, with little demonstrativeness. Had another asked that question she would have refused an answer. But Giralda spoke so gently, and with subh sudden sympathy, that she laid bare her whole heart.

" I do love him, Miss !" she said, with emotion. "I never loved but him. I shall never love any other. He loved me once, and if he is alive I know he loves me yet." "If you love him he will come back to yon," said Giralda, her eyCs glowing. "The memory of your true love will bring him back from the ends of the earth some day, if he has found no other love to obscure yours. He will come back, Peggy, and on that day I beg you to remember me. By your love for George NeFwyn, try to induce him to clear my father's name. ' "I will, I will, Miss 1" said Peggy, her voice broken by sobs. Giralda sat down on the door-step, where the wind tossed her close-curling rings of hair, and caressed her pure, pale cheeks. "You cannot give me shelter, Peggy?" she asked, after a little silence. "Well, then, I had better go on to some near village and wait there , until I can hear from my mother. Is there no other cottage on the Downs, Peggy ? " I "None, Miss, except the haunted one, where no one lives, and no one ever goes, about two miles from here. They say a man was mnrdered there ' once, and that he walks there." "It is only the living that I fear," said Giralda, with a sorrowful smile. "I would stay there if I bad company like Mrs. Pumpton." The housekeeper shook her head in dismay. "I couldn't stay, Miss," she exclaimed. "Be- sides, I want to take good care of you, since you have put yourself under my charge. The best we can do is to seek lodgings for you is some village." "I wish Miss could stay here," said Peggy, re- gretfully. "If it wasn't that Lord Adlowe is likely to come here—"

.-41—Litiely to come here!" questioned Giralda, alarm. " Why ?" "I have his ward here to board, Miss—the sweetest little fellow, with eyes like yours—poor little dear! He keeps crying for mamma, the lamb! How any one could have made Lord Ad- lowe guardian to such a boy I don't see 1" Giralda sprang to her feet, thrilling with excite- ment, her eyes glowing, her chest heaving. "His name 1" she cried. "What is his name ?" Before Peggy had time to reply, the door of tho inner room opened, and a small boyish figure ap- peared on the threshold. To be continued).

koyal Laundresses sty Critchky's " OTAECLI fILa.S Is un q afl for imparting a Leautifol finish to starchcO Luen, Sze., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr. —, Corn- wall, say 3 :—" My wife will not finish our linen without you: "Starch Glom.'" From Mrs. —, Roradford : "Dear sit.— lam pleased to inform you that I have tried many 50-eal:8,1 Starch Gill,tES and ,P( 1 sties, but find none equal to youra." It to need in evrry house. Sold at 14,, 3d., and €id., most stareh Rfq[Ct S. •i; not in stoeit wrl p';Alire It. ILiattuAlaili. diasu.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
A LIN CO LNSIIIRE MIRACLE.. A_C LE.

ENQUIRY BY THE LOCAL PRESS.

RESULT.

Rumours of a late remarkable occurrence in this dis- trict (says a Lincolnshire newspaper) have led to our • sending a reporter to make full enquiries and ascertain the precise nature of the case. Our reporter accordingly visited Panton, and there found Miss Ann Elizabeth Scott (whose oam3 had been mentionod in the rumour- that reached us) living at home with her parents. She appeared to have recently passed through a severe ill- ness, but the fresh colour peculiar to the country youth of Linc3lushire was returning to her cheeks. Our re porter, having introduced himself, stated that he had ' been deputed to ascertain the truth of the statement that a remarkable cure had been effected in her case, and enquired whether it was true. "Oh yes, it is quite true," said Mrs. Scott with delight, "and you canno- speak too highly of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, which have saved my daughter's life when doctors' mrdicine failed ; she owes her life entirely to them." The daughter's story was exceedingly plain and straightforward; this is what she said : "Jam 19 years of age. I was first taken ill in March,lB9l,and the doctor told me the disease from which I was suffer- ing was watery blood. I was always able to do some work, but I found great difficulty in getting my breath, and I had a painful headache nearly every morning when I awoke, and always felt tired and languid. I had a most skilful doctor, but his medicine did not cure me. All my friends thought I was in a Decline. I gradually sank lower and lower, and I felt at times as if I was going to die. I had no colour in my lips or cheeks. A relation of mine told me that he had been taking Dr. Williams' Pink Pills,and he had been benefited very much by their use. I was at last induced to try them, and in less than a fortnight's time felt that they were doing me good. I improved so much that I continued taking Dr. William's Pink Pills, and now after having taken only eight boxes I feel completely cured." Our reporter found that Dr. Williams' Pink Pills had been purchased by Miss Scott from Mr. E. Brackenbury, of East Barkwith, and in the course of an ieterview thiS gentleman said : 'The people are customers of ours, and we call upon them every week. I know Miss Scott hats. been ill for some time and has had malice.' attendance a long while. I have seen Miss Scott since she took Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, and she looked very much better. several other people are trying this valuable scientific discovery, and everybody seems satisfied with them. They are altogether different from ordinary medicine and are giving general satisfaction all round."

Dr. Williams's Pink Pills for Pale People are a perfect blood builder and nerve restorer, curing such diseases at rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia, partial paralysis, loco, motor ataxy,St. Vitus' dance, nervous headache,nervouS prostration, and the tired feeling resulting therefrom, diseases depending upon humours in the blond, such AO scrofula, chronic erysipelas, Sm. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are not a purgative, like other pills, and may be safely used by the most delicate ; they restore pale and sallow' complexions to the growth of health and are a speci for all the troubles peculiar to the female sex, while in Ithe case of men they effect a radical cure in all cases arising trom mental worry, overwork, or excesses of whatever nature. These Pills are manufactured by the Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, of 48 Holborn-viaduct, London,and are sold by chemists everywhere (but only in boxes with pink wrapper bearing the full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People) at 2s. 9d. a box, or six boxes for 13s. 9d. They may be had direct by post from the Com- pany at the same price. Dr. Wiliiams' Pink Pills br / Pale People are never sold in bulk, or by the dozen or hundred, and any dealer who offers substitutes in this form is trying to defraud, and should be avoided.

, •-, ,

===== 0002601_18941103_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
" THE EXAMINER" SERIES.

IRE WARRINGTON MID-CHESHIRE EXAMINE THE "ST. HELENS EXAMINER, AND PRESCOT WEEKLY NEWS:" " EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON EXAMINER AND ASHTON, GOLBORNE, AND HAYDOCK REPORTER THE "RUNCORN EXAMINER AND THE "WIDNES EXAMINER."

===== 0002601_18941103_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
WRY SUFFER ONE MOMENT from torturing and dis- figuring skin diseases, when a single application of the CUTICURA REMEDIES will afford instant relief, and point to a speedy, permanent, and economical cure, when the best physicians and all other remedies fail ? No prepara- tions ever compounded in the his!ory of medicine have performed the wonderful cures daily made by the CUTI- CURA. REMEDIES. They are in truth the greatest skin cures, blood purifiers, and humour remedies of modern times, and appeal to those who have suffered long and hopelessly with a force never before rralised in the his- tory of medicine.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
IHE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 3 1894.

the sets in Golborne-st. near to Walker's Brewery. He said that they were in a terrible state, and one day last week his horse fell down. He had been told that many horses had fallen down at the same spot. Councillor LONGTON was apprehensive that there was going to be a large amount of expenditure in connection with the Committee during next month. They were going to accept a tender (which is quoted aoove)which would entail the expense of £3,400. Alderman WRIGHT: What do you say? Councillor LONGTON : I refer to Mr. Melbourne's tender. _ _ .

Alderman WRIGHT, Why that is only LEW (Laugh- ter). Councillor LONGTON then saw his mistake, and con- tinuing he said that he thought the Committee ought to abolish the system of grids for the sewers in the open streets, and ought to adopt the system of shaft chim- neys. Councillor BENNETT said that he was going to ask the mime question. Alderman WRIGHT had promised to consider a question on the subject which he put at the last meeting. Councillor BEAMAN said that the present system of having grids in the streets was an unscientific system of ventilating, and the fact that the Committee were accepting tenders for 180 iron grids led him to believe that there was going to be no improvement. They had ample facilities for taking away the noxious gases in the intercepting depots, and it could be done at a very nominal expense. Alderman HARRISON said that he remembered the present system being adopted, when Mr. Glazebrook Rylands, one of the most scientific men who ever sat in that Council, advanced it on sanitary grounds, and was supported by the opinion of Sir Wm. Rawlinson. .Of course it was possible that they might be mistaken. Councillor Woocs.—l wish those gentlemen resided ha Church-5.t. They would soon give up their opinion. Councillor BEAMAN said there was a consensus of opinion at the Health Congress that ventilating grids are an unmitigated nuisance. Alderman WRIGHT promised Councillor Davies that his complaint would be attended to at once. He could not give that night a complete answer to Cr4uncillor Ben- nett's questi4u, but he had been informed by the Borough Surveyor that the rainfall had been abnormally light. During the past two months it had only been against 5i during the corresponding period last year. This represented in September 1893, 42,000,000 cubic feet of rain water,against 10,000,000 in September 1894. There had, therefore, been a very small .rainfall, and this had no doubt led to the bad miens. No doubt with a greater rainfall the sewers would be much better flushed. He would promise that the matter of the ven- tilating shafts should receive the committee's attention. The minutes were then passed.

Councillor SMETHURST said he had had complaints made to him that when men had gone to repair pipes they had shut off the water without giving notice to the inhabitants in that particular neighbourhood. In some cases people ha vi been left without more than a pint of water in the house. He thought that orders should be given to the men to give notice in such cases. The minutes were confirmed. WIDENING OF BRIDGE-STREET.

Councillor PERCY Davms moved the following resolu- tion :—" That the resolution of the Council passed at the last meeting relating to the letting of the shop lately occupied by the late R. W. Marsh be rescinded, and that the shop be taken down with,llut any further delay in order to complete the frontage on the westerly side of Bridge-street in accordance with the plan recendly ap- proved by the Street Improvement Committee." Alderman SUTTON asked if Councillor Davies would have any objection to withdraw his resolution. He had fully considered the question that was introduced in that motion since the last Council meeting, and he had come to the conclusion that perhaps there was some reason for re-considering it, and that the complaints of some owners of property in the locality were entitled to further consideration. (Hear, hear.) If Councillor Davies would, therefore, agree to the withdrawal of the resolution he would undertake that it should be brought before the Street Improvement Committee again, and receive due attention. Councillor DAVIES said he was afraid he should hardly be doing his duty to the persons who had asked him to bring the meter before the Council if he allowed it to drop. In 1885 a certain number of buildings were sold by the Corporation, and he had been told by two of the purchasers that they bought the land on the understand- ing that the Corporation were going to improve Bridge- streeb.

Councillor HEPHERD rose to a point of order. He should like to ask the Town Clerk if the question eomplied with the Standing Orders, and if it was in order.

The TOWN CLERK: I have explained it to Mr. Davies. Councillor FIEPHERD : Then it is not in order?

The TowN CLERIC: No. Councillor DAVIES, after being informed that he had not given five full days' notice, produced the following memorials from the inhabitants of Bridge-street :—" We, the undersigned ratepayers, learning from the report of the last Council meeting that it was resolved to re-let the premises lately occupied by R. W. Marsh for a term of three years, respectfully urge you to rescind that resolu- tion, and proceed to carry out the long-delayed improve- ment, by the removal of the premises in question, which have been an obstruction to the traffie for many years, that property having been purchased by the Corporation for this special object. We strongly object to the pro- posed delay, as we consider the reasons for prompt action are obvious to all." "We, the undersigned rate- payers, owners and tenants in Bridge-street, having signed a memorial in favour of rescinding the resolution of the Council respecting the letting of the late R. W. Marsh's premises, wish to supplement that memorial by the addition of one from ourselves, pointing out that the owners purchased the land from the Corporation, and that the tenants became occupiers on the full understanding that the street would be widened to the bridge as soon as the property came into the hands of the Corporation. Under these circumstances, therefore, we feel that no further delay should take place over this matter,and respectfully urge the Council to reconsider their decision, and remove the obstruction which has so long been an eyesore to everybody and in- jurious to trade generally." He consented to withdraw the resolution on the understanding that Alderman Sutton would bring the matter forward at the next com- mittee meeting.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
SCHOOL ATTENDANCE COMMITTEE.

Councillor GARNER moved the adoption of this com- mittee's minutes, which contained an additional report of the baspector, from which it appeared that nine cases had been before the magistrates, and fines inflicted in seven cases ; and two cases adjourned.. Twenty cases were brought before the committee and dealt with. The average attendance at the public elomentary schools during the month of September was 9,196; correspond- ing period last year, 8,912 ; increase 281. Councillor SILETHIIRT seconded and the minutes were adopted.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
MUSEUM ETC. COMMITTEE.

This committee roported the following arrivals of hooks at the library :—Well's " Story of Venice " ; Poole's "Index to Periodicals," 2nd supplement; Blatch- ford's " Merrie England" ; " Climbing in the British Isles, England" ; " Cock Lane and Common Sense " ; . Crookes' " Select Nlethods of Analysis " ; Jones' "Co-operative Production" ; WormPll's "Elec- tricity in the Service of Man " ; Cane's "Life in Corea "; Drage's "The Unemployed"; Wyatt's "English Citizen"; Croston's"County Families of Lancashire and Cheshire"; " Archery" (Badminton Library) ; " Dictionary of National Biography," vol. 40. Councillor ROBERTS in moving the adoption of the minutes said that they would observe that the committee had given a list of the books received in the ilbrary during the month. It was their intention to keep the people of the town posted up rionth by month with the new books. The above list was only the arrivals as other books of a different character had been ordered, but had not yet arrived. He was glad to report the grant of £l5O from the County Council had been made, although it was no more than they deserved. If War- rißton was a county borough as it was new entitled to be a much larger sum would be granted. Councillor GRERNALL seconded the motion.

Alderman HARRISON having expressed his approval of the publishing of the new books in the library, the minutes were pass Pd.

CEMETERY COMMITTEE.

Alderman HARRISON moved, and Councillor HILL seconded the adoption of the minutes which appeared in our last issue. • Councillor ROBERTS asked whether the recommenda- tion at the end of the registrar's report to appoint an experienced gardener would bind the Council to it. In the recent discussion on the appointment of the registrar it was said that they were going to save money. te.4 now it was said that additional help should he obtained. He wished to know so that he could bring the ,matter up at the proper time. Councillor WOODS said that if Councillor Roberts would take a walk in the cemetery, he would see that extra labour was required, and it seemed to him that the committee would be pursuing a wise course if they adopted the report. The/ carriage drive would rot be tolerated at the front of the Town Hall, and there was a great amount of dampness in the chapels. Alterman HUTCHINSON said that the committee thought that more help was needed to make the Cemetery have a more park-like appearance. With regard to the chapels he might say that there were stoves in them and that, therefore, there could not he much dampness in them. _ _

Councillor SKELTON hoped that one recommendation would never be adopted, that of not closing free graves until they were filled up. Alderman HARRISON in reply said that the graves in ether cemeteries were covered over, and there there was nothing objectionable to be seen. The report of the ngistrar was only a recommendation or a letter to the committee.. An increase in the Cemetery staff had been in contemplation wilen Mr. Leigh was alive, and it had nothing to do with the present registrar. The minutes were then passed. TOWN HALL, ETC., COMMITTEE.—COST OF THE ALTERATIONS TO THE PARK WALL. Alderman BOLTON in movicg, the minutes said that the painting of the gates will be commenced at onc,. Councillor HEATON seconded the adoption of the minutes. _ _ .

Alderman BUTTON hoped that the painting would not be commenced beforo the other work had becn com- pleted as there would be a great amount of dust flying about. _ _

Councillor ROBERTS asked the Chairman of the Com- mittee if he had objection to a full report of the cost and incidental expenses in connection with the Park wall scheme, when it was completed. Alderman BorroN said that the Committee did not intend to let the gates go rusty before painting them, and they therefore intended to paint them at once. Councillor Roberts could have all he required .from the borough treasurer. Councillor ROBERTS said that was not an answer to his question. Will Alderman Bolton have any objection to a return being made.

Alderman BOLTON said that he did not !ay he had any obje^,tion. Alderman SUTTON: It is your duty to say yes. (Laiwhter.) Alderman BOLTON : I will say no then. (Laughter.) The minute's were passed. ' GAS- COMITTTEE.—POOR GAS AGAIN.

Councillor HE.PHERD moved, and Councillor R. T. FAIRCLOUGH seconded, the adoption of the minutes. Councillor ROBERTS asked how it was that the light was so poor on Saturday last, in this loyal, ancient, and populous borough. He was sure there was some ex- planation, as the light was most deplorable. Councillor WOODS wished to know why so many lamps were not lighted in Manchester-road during the last few days, as it was most dangerous. Councillor TIEPHERD said that he was out of town on Saturday. He had not heard of Councillor Woods' c.unplaint before. Alderman HARRISON said that he wished to hear out Councillor Roberts with reference to the gas on Satur- day. Never in the course of his life did he knew such an inadequate supply. In his house they had three lights in his dining,-rnom, hut only usually required two. The three lights on Saturday however only rendered the darkness visible, and darkness could not he more com- plete than that. He could not see to read a newspaper or a book, and at 9.30 he 9aid to his wife that he would go to hod. (Langhter.) He wf;s stir,-i it was not the chairman's negligence, but the light was simply abominable.

Connelllor TIEPHERD promised to investigate the reason. and the minutes were then passed.

RIVERS COMMITTEE : THE SHIP CANAL.

Councillor R. T. FAinctnuon mov,d. and Councillor ROBERTS seconded the confirmation of the minutes which appeared in oqr last issue. Councillor BEAMAN honed that the decision of the sub- committee that waited on the directors of the ship Canal would not commit the Council or Corporation to any- thin u. Councillor R. T. FAIRCLOUGM.—An7 decision that we come to will have to come before the Council to be ratified.

The minutes were then passed. WATER COMMITTEE.

COUTICiIIOr REPTIERD moved, and Alderman BOLTthir seconded the confirmation of the minutes which were published in last week's " Examiner."

===== 0002601_18941103_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
MEXICAN CURE.

KNOWN AS REV. JOSEPH HOLMES' MEXI- CAN Prescriptien, is the only guaranteed liemedy for all those who suffer from the errors of youth, nervous weakness, exhausted vitality, kidney. bladder, gravel, prost- ate and kindred complaints, end has stood the test for 20 years. Send a self-addressed stamped envelope to JOSEPH HoLmEs' Remedy Co., Bloomsbury Nfan&ons, Bloomsbury Square, London, and get full partleulars of this great Remedy free of charge.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
VOTES OF MARKS TO THE MAYOR.

Alderman .iIARRISON moved—" That the best thanks of this Council be presented to Edward Greenall, Esq.' alderman of this borough, for the satisfactory manner in which he has di charged the responsible duties devolving upon him as Mayor and Chief Magistrate of this borough, during this his third year of office, and for the unvary- ing courtesy and impartialitv displayed by him, when presiding over the deliberations of the Council, and in his intercourse with its members." Alderman SurroN seconded, and remarked that they must all very much regret the domestic affliction that had prevented the Mayor from being with them that evening, namely, the death of his brother, Mr. Alfred G reena 11. Alderman HUTCHINSON supported the resolution, and it was carried. The Council then rose.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
CRAWLED ON HER HANDS AND

KNEES.

"I could no longer walk upstairs; I had to crafel up on my hands and knees as best I could." Now isn't that a pitiable picture? Wasn't it a sad and sorry thing for a woman to have to get upstairs like a wounded animal? We should say so. It is enough to make your heart bleed to think of it. Yet it came about simply enough, and might have happened to you or to me as well as to her. She is all right now; she has got over it ; but perhaps you would like to hear what put her in that .condition. There are things, you know, that break no bones and tear no flesh, yet cripple people as badly as blades, bullets, or bludgeons. She tells the story herself. " For the past ten years," she mays, "I never knew what it was to be really strong and well, but I got on fairly up to October,lB9o. Then I began to feel tired and weary. The least exer- tion seemPd like bard work ; it had the effect of hard work. I had a bad taste in the mouth and a poor ap- petite. Whatever I ate appeared to lie on my chest heavy and cold like lead. There was pain and a sense of tightness at nay chest and sides, and a pain in the back that made me stoop. My hands and feet were cold and clammy, and hot sweats and flusnes of heat came over me that made me feel as if I must surely faint away.

"Besides these things there was that curious feeling in the stomach, a kind of knowing, longing sensation which nothing satisfied. As time went by a dry, hack- ing cough set in and I began to spit up a good deal of thick phlegm. Then came the night . sweats, which were soon so bad as to wet my linen ; and when I woke in the night the perspiration would be trickling down my chest. My breathing got so short that I had to fight for breath as though the air had been pumped out of the room.

"By-and-by I was so weak I could no longer walk up- stairs, but had to crawl up on my hands and knees as best I coulsl. Gradually I wasted away. Most ef the day I it in a chair. But for my youn children I should have been put in bed. My husband and all who saw nse thought I had consumption and must die. I could take only liquid nourishment.

" During the course of !my illness I was under different physicians, and took their medicines, but derived no real benefit from them.

"In May of this year (1892) I went on a visit to Burnham Beeches in hope a change of air might do me good. Whilst there, my sister-in-law, Mrs. Puddidfied, told me of Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. She gave me a few dokes out of her bottle, and I was greatly re. lieved, by it. When I return.d home, my husband at once got me a bottle from the stores in White hart- street.

" After taking this medicine for a fortnight, I was better than I had been for years. Soon the cough and night sweats left ms, and I have never been so well as I am now. I tell everyone that Mother Seigel's Syrup has made me .a new creature—as though life had begun afresh with me. I wish others to know it, for th9usands of women are ill, not knowing where to turn for help. Yours truly, (Signed) Mrs. Louisa Newell, Gordon-road, North Town, High Wycombe, Bucks, November 18th, 1892."

A great many people will read Mrs. Newell's pathetic little account of herself, and among them will be women who are in the same plight she was in. They will won- der why the medicine she mentions cured her so quickly in case she had consumption. The explanation is simple. She had no disease of the lungs at all ! she had chromic indigestion and dyspepsia, which imitates and counter- feits consumption so closely as to deceive expert phy- sicians. This it does because itepoieon, created in the stomach, reaches and affects all the other organs. Set the digestion right, and, in nearly all c-ases, you soon set everything right. We say this to encourage those who think there is no help for them. They have been treated for complaints they are not steffering sit h. , Never give up the fight until you ask Mother Seigel to hear a band in it. Most ailments can be cured if you go at them the right way.

The National Free Labwar association, sitting in con gress in London, on Wednesday passed a res,lution pro testing against the clause forbidding contracting out in the Employers' Liability Bill, and urging workingmen to support the House of Lords in throwing out the measure. Napoleon, when urged to conquer China, declared that the safety of the world consisted in not rousing up that great and.sleeping country. Japan, however, has not scrupled to lush in where the famous Corsican feared to tread.

A postman named George Henry Hough, aged twenty, was sentenced at the Central Criminal Court, on Mon- day, to three years' penal servitude for stealing three mailbags cont?ining registered letters. It was stated that the prisoner VV:i 73 about to be married, and acted on nom eat try impulse in order to furnish a house.

TOWLE'SCHLORODYNE _ A Ac for and take no other. T 0 WLE'S C HLORODYNE /MMEDIATELY TOWLE'SCHLORODYNE RELIEVES TO WLE'SCHLORODYNE COUGHS, TOWLE'S C HLORODYN E T INFLUENZA, BRONCHITIS, TOWLE'SCIILORODYNE n %..ONSUMETION, TOWLE'SCHLORODYNE AS ToWLE'SCHLORODYNE Diiiima:A, SPASMS, &c. TO WLE'SCHLORODYNE 1.4 d. per Bottle. A. P. TOWLE. MANCHESTER.

STOP ONE MOMENT!

"Oh dear, Doctor, what will you recommend for my Children's Coughs and Colds ? " TRY. TUDOR WILLIAMS' PATENT. • • BALSAM OF HONEY.

The most marvellous Cure for all disorder, of the Chest Throat, and Lungs. It never fails to give instant relief and does not contain Laildanum, Opium, or Morphia. ECONOMISE YOUR HEALTH. HEALTH IS THE FIRST WEALTH.

All who are engaged in outdoor and indoor occupation, and are especially es:posed to the ever-varying climate of Great Britain, BE WISE IN TIME! Don't tamper with Danger but go straight away for

TUDOR WILLIAMS'

PATENT

BALSAM OF HONEY.

IT IS INVALUABLE for weak-chested men, delicate women, arm children. It cures when all other remedies fail. It cures Co.ig,hi, Colds, Bronchitis, Asthma. Tightuess of the Chest. It cures tkousands of children of Bronchitis and Whooping Coughs. 16 cures for One Stilling when Pounds have been spent in vain. DO TRY IT I

If you have a Cough, try it; if you have a Cold, try it; if you have Bronchitis, try it. It loosens the Phlegm and pro- motes expectoration, produces warmth and comfort to the chest, and gives refreshing sleep when you have lost nights of rest,

===== 0002601_18941103_art0032.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18941103_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
POSTAL INFORMATION

With Or- dinary Postage up to

2-15 a.m.

4-0 a.m.

5-15 a.m.

5-30 a.m.

6-30 a.m.

8-55 a.m.

9-30 a.m.

10-0 a.m. 10-10 a.m.

11-10 a.m.

11-30 a.m.

11-30 a.m.

12 Noon 1-50 a.m

1-50 p.m.

1-0 p.m.

1-25 p.m.

1-40 p.m.

2-15 p.m.

2-30 p.m.

2-45 p.m.

3-0 p.m. 3-15 p.m. 4-0 p.m. 4-30 p.m. 4-40 p.m. 5-45 p.m.

6-0 p.m.

6-15 p.m

9-30 p.m.

10-30 p.m. 11-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
Ord Wary- Postage.

5-0 a.m.

10-30 ~

===== 0002601_18941103_art0035.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
11-10 „

2-15 p.m.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
RECEIVING HOUSE, SUB-OFFICES, AND WALL LETTEII, BOXES

ARE CLEARED AS FOLLOWS :-

===== 0002601_18941103_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
RECEIVING HOUSE- *Earlestown

Sum-OFFIcEs *Ashton Collins Green *GoThorne Loyiton Stulashaw Crocs Wiñwick *Wargrave

WALL Box ES Crow Lane, Newton Newton Common (Near the Racecourse) Railway Station (Newton Bridge) Preston Junction— Church-st., 4olborne 1 Legh Street„, Lowton Chapel Lowton Common (Near Lowton St Mary's Station) Bolton Road, Ashton Vulcan Village Burtonwood (Providence Place)

===== 0002601_18941103_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
SUNDAYS. 4-30 p.m.

9-55 a.m. Nil. Nil. Nil. a,m 110-30 am

===== 0002601_18941103_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil. Nil-

Ni:. 10-15 a.m. Nil.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
Parcels are despatched from the Receiving Office at Earles- town at 9 a.m. and 6 p.m.; from all Sub-Offices at the same time as letters.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN DELIVERIES AS FOLL WS:-

7-0 a.m. 10-30 „ 10 45 „

1- 11-30,, 11-45., } 12-0

12-15 p.m.

2-15 „ } 3-15,,

5-30 p.m.

To I ...By I Callers.

7-0 a.m.

11-30 a.m.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
3-15 m.

645 a.m.

/ 7-O a.m. , ext day. 1

===== 0002601_18941103_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
I Widnes, Appleton, le-iiljws Farnworth ' Ditton, Penketh, Preston Brook, Frodsham, Helsby, Daresbury, and Moore Grappenhall, Heatley Heath, Lymm, and Thelwall Newchurch, Croft, Padgate, Stock- ton Heath, Stretton, Warburton and Woolston or Town Delivery & Latchford... anchyster, Macclesfield, Stockport, Buxton, Yorkshire, Nor umberland, Durham, & S.-Eas Lancashire ondon. Southern and S.-Weste ___ _

Counties, Central South Wale:

and Foreign Averpool and Leigh...... ............ ••• lanchester, part of North Wales,

, . and Ireland Preston, N Lancashire, N.-We; England, Wigan, Scotland, Liverpool, Prescot, Southport, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, St Helens, • Widnes, Newton, and Runcorn anchester, S.-East Lancashire South Wales, S.-West of Eng‘ land. Yorkshire. Durham, Nor- thumberland, & Town Delivery London, S.-Eastern, Midland an Southern Counties, Crewe, Mid- Cheshire, Central Wales, and Foreign , Bolton t• Preston, North Lancashire, West. Cumberland London, Midland. Southern, and

S.-Eastern Counties Averpool, Southport, Ormskirk Bath, Bristol, Exeter, Gloucester,

; Plymouth, and Scotland Claester. WreN ham, Llandudno, &

• Shrewsbury Manchester, S.-East Lancashire, Sq

Sheffield „ Preston Brook. Sutton, Newton-le-

LiWillowls and Wigan Frodsham, Frodsham Bridge, Helsby, Widnes, Penketh, an. Moore , Town Delivery. Stockton Heath, • Sankey Bridges Lvmm, Thelwall, & Heatley Manchester & St Helens Orford and Hulme iverpool and Chester (4 rappenhall Preston, N.-East Lancashire, West Cumberland, Wigan, Manchester, Peterborough, and East Lincoln- shire Town Deliv, ry Preston, West Cur, berland, Liver pool, Birkenhead, Ormskirk, 'sit, of Man. & Glasgow Night Mail Despech. All Parts... 'London, Midlands. S.-Eastern &' 1 South Counties, & Foreign

===== 0002601_18941103_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
With Extra Halfpenny Stamp

IN° extra fee

===== 0002601_18941103_art0045.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1 Ditto. Ditto.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
Ditto. Ditto. Ditto. Ditto. 4-40 p.m. Ditto.

Pio extra fe

10-45 p.m.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0047.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
vi

===== 0002601_18941103_art0048.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
10-35 a.rn

===== 0002601_18941103_art0049.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
2-20 p.m.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
NEGLECT OF FAMILY AT GOLBORNE.

STARTLING DISCLOSURES.

At the Newton Sessions on Saturday, Peter and Bridget Travis, residing at 6; Gas-street, Golborne. were summoned for neglecting their six children on October 13th, and thereby causing them unneces- sary suffering.—Mr. J. W. Knowles, solicitor, Widnes, said that he prosecuted on behalf of the N.S.P.C.C. The facts of the case were that Inspector McAteer visited the house of the defendants on the above date, and found the wan, his wife, and all the children at home. The man was sitting in a corner, drunk, and the Inspector saw a quart of beer taken out of the house, but he could not say whether it belonged to the defend- ant. On examining the house, he found downstairs, an old table and two broken chairs. Upstairs he found some stinking rags and old clothes. The children were covered with body lice and fleas, and their condition was deplorable. The man was in receipt of an income of 255. per week, and a boy of his was also earning money, so that there was an income altogether of 38s. a week. In the house, the only food the Inspector found was an old, hard, loaf.—lnspector McAteer stated that he visited the house in company with P.C. Simpson and found the children in a terrible state of dirt and filth. Sarah, aged 13, was dressed in a torn dirty chemise, and had neither boots nor clogs. Her hair was matted with dirt and filled v.itti vermin and knits. The girl's body had not been washed for a considerable time. William, aged 11 , Peter (9), Annie (8), Mary (8). and Maggie (4), were all in a similar condition. The bed on which the children slept consisted of an old mattress saturated with urine, and old rags for bed-clothes. The bodies of all the children were bitten severely with body lice. He had visited the house previously with P.C. Simpson and Dr. Part, and on that occasion he told the parents that he would overlook the matter if they would look after the children betteribut as they had not,he had instituted the present proceedings.—Corroborative evidence was given by P.C. Simpson, P.C. Blundell, and Dr. Part, after which the Bench decided to send the male prisoner to gaol for one month, and the female prisoner for 14 days. Thomas, Margaret and Anne Johnson, 2, John-street, Golborne, were iummoned for a similar offence com- mitted on October 5, h. Thomas Johnson did not appear and a warrant was issued for his apprehension. —Mr. Knowles said that this was by far a worse case than the first. 'the man Johnson was an industrious, hard working man, and brought his money home to his wife Margaret. The only complaint against him was that he did not see that the washing of his children was property attended to. The young woman, Anne John- son, was the daughter of Thomas and Margaret, was 20 years of age, and had had twe illegitimate children, but they had not bean affiliated. The Inspector would swear that he did not think that she wishes to have the responsibility of keeping them. According to law, the grandparents have an equal liability with the mother of illegitimate children. All the children—two of Margaret's, and two of Anne's—were below the nor- mal weight, and the only cause that the _doctor could attribute it to was neg'ect and starvation. The father brought the money home, and it was there drunk away, and the children were left totally neglected. He asked the magistrates to deal severely in this case.—lnspentor McAteer said that on the fifth of the present month he [ visited the house of the defendants in company with P.C. Simpson,where they found four children. Margaret Johnson, aged 11 rears, was dressed in an old frock and etticoat, and a portion of an old chemise. She wore a [ pair of old boots and steckinas,and her hair was matted. Her body was covered with marks of body lice. Julia, aged 15 years, was in a similar condition, and she had evidently not been [washed for a week or ten days, for her flesh was crusted with dirt. The two illegitimate children—Anne, aged 1 year and 10 months, and Mat- thew, nine months—were dressed in old garments, and their bodies were completely eaten with vermin, and were also mnch emaciated. He was much concerned with these children, as he thought they would die. He brought in Dr. Part, and the two examined the house. In the front kitchen there was simply nothing but an old form with a few old rags placed upon it, to be used as a bed for the child Anne. The children's clothing was covered with excrement, and there was no food in the cupboard. Upstairs the beds were in a filthy con- dition. In the room in which Anne Johnson and her two children slept there was nothing but an old bed of straw, and it resemb!ed an outhouse. Upon the straw was an old mattress seurated with urine. He asked the husband how lie acccuuted for the state of the house, and he replied that he did what he could, it was his wife's fault. The child Anne when weighed only weighed 151hs . whereas the normal weight of a child her age was 231b5., and Matthew weighed 111bs., and should have weighed 151135. He never saw a worse case than the present one since he joined the Society. When he took hold of the gal ments of the children,the vermin dropped to the fl )or.—Dr. Part gave similar evidence. Healso said that when he lifted up a little of the straw in the back room, "the buzz of the vermin was appal- ling." The vermin must have been engendered by the state of the straw. When he told Mrs. Johnson to lift up the clothing of the child Anne, "the vermin and body lice fell in shoals on the floor." There was no doubt that the children suffered from systematic neglect.—The magistrates decided to send each defendant to goal for a month's hard labour.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON DIVISION BOWLING ASSOCIA- TION.-PRESENTATION OF CUP.

On Saturday evening representatives of the var- ious clubs comprising the Newton Division Bowl- ing Association,met at the Pied Bull hotel, Newton, for the purpose of taking part in the presentation of the Legh challenge cup to the North Ashton Club which having won IG, two years in succession, now become the absolute possessors. The proceedings were initiated by a knife and fork tea, to which, about 25 were present. the catering of Mr. Dorman being all that could be desired. After tea, the cloth was removed and Mr. J. Robinson presided. The Hon. I'. W. Legh should have officiated as chairman, but at the last moment he telegraphed regretting his inability to be present. The Chairman was supported by Messrs. W. Liptrett, J. Crompton, Szc. The loyal toast having been duly honoured. The Chairman gave, " The President, the Hon. T. W. Legh M.P." Re felt sure every member present would drink the toast with enthusiasm. In Mr. ' Legh he thought they had a noble presidenqa gentleman who was always willing to do all he could in connection with their bowling association. (Applause.) After the Secretary had read letters of apology. The Chairman proceeded with the presentation of the cup. It was, he said a very pleasant duty, particularly as the team to have the honour of the presentation was the North Ash- ton howling club. (Bear, hear ) North Ashton at their last gathrring were. the recipisnta of the cup. and this year they had been successful in beating all the clubs, with one exception in the competition, therefore having won the cup twice, they were entitled to it in perpetuity (Applause.) He felt sure he was quite right in ravine that North Ashtmn had persned their course with an enthusiasm and energetic rpirit which was worthy of them. They made up their minds more than a year ago ,to win the cup, and they had been successful, and al- though he was proud to hear that Earlestovvn ' bad been successful in beating them in one match, he thought it rejected credit upon North Ashton in winning the cup t.wo years in succession. (Applause.) He thought he was right in saying that it was never expected that one club would win this cup two years in succession, bilt t hat it would go round the ' clubs, and in same five or six years be won by one of the clubs outright. They w“re now in the position of having to ask their President, or some other gentleman to give another cup for competition. He then handed the cup over t.a the captain of the North Ashton team , (Mr. Welsby) on behalf of the club.—Mr.Welsby briefly acknowledged on behalf of his team.—The Chairrna-ri , gave the toast "Chairman if Committees." Mr.Liptrott, hP said had a wide experience of bowling, and was a most estimable chairman of committees. He referred to the question of matches being played on neutral grounds, which he thought was a very fair proposal, as this would bring the club into close and keen competi- tion.—Mr. Smith intimated that next year he would give a set of bowls and bag to the club which cam,. second in the competition. (Applause.)—Mr. Liptrott responded to the toast, and alluded to the change to be made in respect to clubs playing on neutral grounds, which he thought Would he a beneficial one. (Hear, hear.)—Other toasts followed, and songs were given hv Messrs. J. Finch, Smith, Kent, and others, a pleasant evening being spent.

At Birmingham on Wednesday, two publicans, named John Brinkworth and John Henry Davidson, were each fined £2O for permitting betting on their premises. At Wolverhampton, for simil r offences, Henry Cook aud Esther Hughes were each fined £2l. John Thomas Hall, cashier at Messrs. Leatham, Tew, and Co.'s bank, was senteneed by the Wakefield magis- trates on Wedneslay to six months' hard labour for stealing 1,257 £5 notes, the preperty of his employers.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0052.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

===== 0002601_18941103_art0053.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
!

===== 0002601_18941103_art0054.txt | included=true | included =====
READ ON. NOW COMMENDED BY PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.

When you are distressed by a miserable cold, nose bunged up, threat sore, limbs aching, with a general feeling of smothering, a few d nes of the Balsom of Honey will clear the wretched symptons away almost before you know it. There is nothing lkie it on the market ; it is thoroughly up to date : it trio.4les into all the system. A true friend, prompt and reliable in its action.

JUST ANOTHER WORD. ' When you ask or send for TuDon WlLLisms' PATENT BALSAM OF HONEY do not allow anybody to persuade you to parchase som! th,ng else. If you do you simply throw off the genuine article and take on with a false one. Wonderful Cures D,ily. Thousands of Testimoni ‘ls to hand from all parts ox the World.

READ OF FURTHER. SPONTANEOUS TESTIMONY WORTHY OF YOUR

CONSIDERATION.

SIR.—Ylv wife desires me to say that your Tudor Williams Balsam of Honey 115 proved a most valuable medicine in our large family (eiglst children). As soon as 'a cough or a cold mak, s its appearance a dose of Tudor's Balsam is at once administered, end his treatment is followed up until the cold disappears. Before u.ing the 11 ilsam in our family the children have been prostrate with colds for several weeks, but now, by t4king doses, as directed they seem to suffer very little inconvenience. During the short time the cold is noon them the action of the Balsam is marvellous, and the little ones take it readily and ask for more. WALTER J. BRETT, C.M., Headmaster Severn Tunnel School.

March 16th, 1892.

READ ON STILL FURTHER.

A Cardiff Chemi.t says :—I have larger sales for Ttidp William's Balsam of Honey than any other Cougjh Curs, ThAt's the opinion of all chemists.

PUBLIC MEN SPEAK HIGHLY OF IT ALL OVER THE WORLD. Dowlais, Merthyr Tydfil, Glamorgan, July, 1E92. DEAR SIR.—I must write to say that your Tudor William' Balsam of Honey for Coughs is the best we ever hart in the house. My btv David had a cough which shook him from top to toe, couldn' sleep at night for it, awl neither cooks anyone else in the house sl-ep necause of his barking. A few doses of Balsa•ri of Honey positively cured him; it is a wonderful cure.

DAVID JONES, ESQ., High Constable.

Sold by all Chemists and Stores all over he World ía Is. 11.1. 2,9 d, an 4 4s 6d bottles. Sampl. bottles sent post t;aid for Is 31, 3s, and ss, from the Inventor, D. TUDOR WILLIAMS, R.D.S.L.,

MEDICAL HALL, ABERDARE.

WALES.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
POACHING ON THE BEWSEY ESTATE.

POACHERS AND POLICEMEN.-A FREE FIGHT.

At the Newton Petty Sessions, on Saturday, James Howson and Thomas Burke were charged on remand with being on land in search of game, at Burtonwood, belonging to Lord Lilford. Mr. A. E. White, Warrington, said that on Tuesday night, the 23rd,about 10 30 p.m., as the gamekeepers were going their rounds, they noticed a gate was open which ought to have been closed. On reaching a field in the occupation of John Warburton. they saw the prisoners and another man on a field occupied by Mr. Faircicugh. On seeing the keeper Lee, they called out, 44Come on, you B-," but when they saw there were watchers with them, the men turned and ran away. They succeeded in overtaking theA prisoners, but the other man who was with them got a*ay. Prisoners bad in their possession twe nets, pegs, and two sacks with live rabbits in them. Poaching on the Bevvsey estite was becoming a nuisance, and every dark night men I went out poaching in a wholesale maltner. He would also point out that the offence of night poaching was a very serious one, and if any game was to be left on this estate something would have to be done: This was corroborated by George Henry Lee and another game- keeper. The Chairman said they considered this one of the voarst poaching cases that had ever been before the Bench,the prisoner Rowson would have to go to gaol for three calendar months with hard labour ,and Burke , would be fined 40a. and costs or in default one month's imprisonment. they would be also bound over after- wards for six months, themselves in a surety of £lO ' and one surryofClO. -

Peter Rowsen, an old man, was also charged with a similar offence, and assaultlng the poiice on October 26th. He pleaded guilty to the first offence and not guihy to the secoAd. Mr. A. E. White also prosecuted in this caee,and said that about 4.30 a.m. that Saturday morning P.C. Barnes in company with two other con- stables, met the prisoner and some more men in New. road, Dallatn. They stepped out in front of them and something like a free fight occurred. The prisoner was overpowered and he was feund to have nets and 29 rabbits in Ms possession.—P.S. Barnes said he met the men in New-road, Dallarn. As soon as they saw hini and the other two constables thee threw stones at them. They secured the prisoner and then went towards the other men. They were again saluted with a shower of stones, and a free fight ensued, which lasted about tea minutes. During the fight he knocked one of the men down but he was carried away by one of his mates who ran over the canal bridge and turned it and so got away. When they met the men they were coming from the direction of Burton Wood and was going towards War- rington. A large stone was now produced which had been found in the prisoner's pocket, and which witness said was similar to the ones thrown at them by the other men. The prisoner tried to strike him (witness). He saw him strike Constable Callaghan.—P.C. Callaghan corroborated, and said that prisoner struck him in the face and kieked him.—Prisoner said he had tried to get work in Warrington, but had failed. Pe went out to try arid catch a. rabbit or two and the first time he had got caught himself. He kept the stone in his pocket for a dog that had flew at him when he had gone up Burton- wood before.—Mr. White stated that prisoner had been up many times before for similar offences. He was fined ES and costs for the poaching affray, and for the assault he was sent to gaol for one moeih. In default of paying the fine one month's imprisonment. The nets, &c., 'I would also be forfeited.

WEEKLY REPOWT ON THE HEALHT OF WARRINGTON. Week ending 120th October, 1894. During the week, which was the 42nd of thq current year, the followingebirths and deaths were registered :

Births. Deaths. ‘Varrington 47 15 Latchford 3 2

Total 5O

The excess of births over deaths was 33. The death rate from all causes was equal to 15.7 per 1.000, against 16-7 the average of the previous four weeks, and again 25-4 the corresponding, week of last year. The deAlt rate from the seven chief zytuotic diseases was equal to 2-7 per 1,000, against 2 the average rate of thefour- previous weeks, and against 1.5 the corresponding week ot 1893. The ages of mortality were— .,evsEl3o-1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-60 60 up. 3 2 6 25 1 1 1 —2

11 The deaths included-2 from cliarrhcea, 1 from measte 1 from alcholfsmus, 1 old age, 1 from brain disease, 4 lung disease, 2 from kidney disease. The following cases of infectious disease have been reported during the week :—Scarlet fever 10 cases. Total number of patients in hospital, October 20th, —66.

The Rainfall measured '76 inch. The general directira was N., the reading of the Anenometer denoting 424 miles,

JOHN H. GORNALL, Medical Officer of Health.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0056.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
- :1

===== 0002601_18941103_art0057.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
:t

; • - : .

===== 0002601_18941103_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
y

'l•

tbe " (e):anuntr " inrtet

OT LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS Comprises rr HE Warrington and Mid-Clushire Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday morning. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examinir, published every Friday afternoon. rr HE Runcorn Examiner, published every Friday 1 afternoon ; and THE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday afternoon.

--- PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. coming under the following heads are inserted in ALL the above mentioned Papers for ONE CHARGE, as per scale given below. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET. SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS W ANTED, MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT, MISCELLANEOUS WAS, HOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. One Three Six Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 ... 54 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT Only. No Adver- tisement inserted on credit under 25. per insertion.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
Bonuatr OtrbantO, Szt.

ENERAL SERVANT WANTED.—Apply, Dans JOHN, EDGE, Bell Inn, Market Drayton,

G'

GENERAL SERVANT (good) WANTED. about 16, two kept.—Apply FRANKE, Bridge-at., Ruabon.

WANTED, in a clergyman's family, a GENERAL SERVANT.-3, Brook-road, Gorton. near Manchester. GENERAL SERVANT WANTED, at once, age 18 or 20.— Apply, Mr. J. W. CHEADLE, Riven and Bull Hotel, Newport, Salop. WANTED SITUATION GROOM and GARDENER married, aged 24 ; 13 months' reference.—Adaress D. SMITH, Treffos, Menai Bridge.

GIRL, respectable. 16 to 20. as GENERAL; fond of ciail- dren.—Apply or write to 1, Dioxley Road, Cheettiam Hill, Manchester.

WANTED SITUATION as HOUSE:KEEPER, now or at Christmas ; farmhouse preferred ; good references.— A. 8., 56, Tontine-street, Hanley,Staff.

AvANTED, Cooks. Housemaids, and General Servants for London, country, seaside, hotel, private.—Write Mrs. COSTER, Registry Office, Gloucest-r. QBRVANT-WANTED, Good General for small Family, no Ai young children. good place for respectable girl. 54 Rossett-road, Blundellsands, Liverpool.

OOK (Single-handed) WANTED ; small dairy; country four servants.—Anply stating age and wages. Mrs. CARTWRIGHT, btoney Stretton, Shrewsbury,

WANTED. a good General SERVANT. who thoroughly understands plain cooking: three in family, and another Servant kept; not under 25 years.—Applv Hamlet Inn, Birkenhead.

C 00K.—WANTED, for family of two,in the country. Good Plain Cook, accustomed to small dairy; Protestant; wages £l6.—Apply, first by letter, to Mrs. FLEMING, Wood- field, Acton Bridge. Cheshire. _ _

HOUSEMAPID WANThD, for small family near Birken- head ; must make herself generally usetul ; a Church- woman; age about 20; must have two years' good character. —E.P., 18, Bedford-road, Rock Ferry, Cheshire.

aLli mid FEMALE NURSES INSTITUTION, 70, L Hope-st., Liverpool. Estab. 1878.—For reliable, Attendants. Mental, Medical, and Monthly Nurses, Massage, ..pply or telescraoh. "Nurses." Liverpool. Telephone. 51C.

QBLEC2 SERVANTS REGISTRY OFFICE.— Important L J to Ladies, Office on ground floor. Ccoks, Housemaids, Waitresses, Sculleryrnaids, Nurses, Gmerals, daily waiting engagements Booking fee sixpence letters promptly answered. —Miss GRIFFITHS 3 Heathfield-street Opposite (De Jong) Bold-street Liverpool.

, a partnuntsl;_ifurniagb 3Poutits,&f __________

APARTMENTS for two Young GENTLEMEN ; sitting- room and bedroom; terms moderate.—Apply, 15, Paul- st., Warrington.

ABERYSTWITH, best part.—Furnished HOUSE TO LET. Six bedrooms ; 17. 6d. per week.—HECKYORD, King's Heath, Birmingham.

BLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, winter months on reasonable te.ma ; board if required.—B. THORPE, 93. Warbrick Road. Claremont Park.

DURTON.—HatIdon Grove .Hydropatnic. Finest inland watering place in England ; healthiest and best posi- tion. Billiards. Tennis, etc. Send for prospectus.—G. E. HALL, Proorietor.

PARTNIENTS TO BE LET, well furnished. Two enter- 1. taiing and four bedrooms, bath, w.c., al-o stable and coach-house, near station and shore.— Mrs. EVANS, Mohrcrott, Colwyn.

3Darness, torsrs, eart, iaogs,

I_IOOPER AND SIMMONS COACH BUILDERS, 6, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES at Moderate Prices. Good Stock to select from. Estimates for Repairs given free. The best work only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams. Landaus. Victorias, Wagonettes, and Plmtons. now for Sale or Hire.

ARECOLL'S Bllck and White OILS for Horses and Cattle. Established 50 years. Agents wanted. High COmmis- sion.—Address ARKCOLL and Co., Leek.

DOG- OWNERS' name and Address Engraved One Shilling. Dog Collars for Sale. Coal Dealers' Labels wholesale and retail.—HALL, 53. Paradise-street, Liverpool.

I_IORSES ON SALE.—Thirty Welsh Cart HORSES, just arrived, from 16to 17 hands high, age from 4 to 7; rices from £2O to £7O; trial allowed.—Apply, 108, Foregxte- street, Chester.

EXCBLLENT Miniature BROUGHAM (seat four), built by Mulliner, silver fittings, double lever brake, fitted for one or pair, in first-class order, private property ; will be sold for £65, cost 163 guineas.—Apply, GEORGE an .1 Co., 221, Scotland-rd., Liverpool.

SORE SHOULDER', SORE BACKS, &c., quickly CURED BY CONDY'S FLUID. Veterinary Pook free from 61, Turnmill-Street, E. C. Horses suffering from wounds, cuts, bruises, broken knees, cracked heels, grease o, thrush. CURED in a few hours by bathing the parts affected with Condy's Fluid. (diluted). It naakes the hair grow where rubbed off. Prices, 8 oz. is. ; 20 oz , 23. of all Chemists. VETERINARY BOOK free containing full directions for curing diseases of Horses, Dogs, &c. from CoNDY's FLUID Wonxs, 61. Turnmili-street, London,E C.

EVANS'

17, SANKEY STREET,

WARRINGTON.

THE NEWEST DESIGNS IN

LADIES' JACKETS,

lANTLES,

PALETOTS,

SIOUNG PlGS.—Pure and halt-bred Berkshire FOR SLB —Apply STEELE, Hillside, Netherton, Frodsharn.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
A SPLENDID RANGE OF

CHILDREN'S GARMENTS

BLACK AND 4 COLOURS.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
AN INSPECTION OF THE STOCK IS

RESPECTFULLY INVITED.

EVANS',

17, SANKEY STREET,

-WARRINGTON.

SUN INSURANCE OFFICE, (FIRE.) FOUNDED 1710. Sum INSURED IN 1893.-2395,854,440.

For all particulars apply to the following Agents : WARRINGTON Mr. J. R. Pickmere & Son, Bridge-st. Mr. Edward W. Woods, Commereia Chambers. 55.Horsemarket-street Mr. Lewis Voisey. King-street. Mr. B. Lowe. Market Cfate Chambers.

HERB BEER, Low to keep it from souring. Send fully addressed envelope.- ALPHA, 242, Wal!gate, Wigan.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0062.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_18941103_art0063.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_

===== 0002601_18941103_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
Wianta.

MILK—NEW and SKIM on sale—for prices and particu- lars apply to Mr. W. HORNER, Cuddington, Northwich.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
wN ATED, Sunlight COUPONS, is. sd. 100. 16s. 1,000; also Lady or (lent's £4 4s. Sunlight WATCH. Sacrifice £2 Ss.—CROSSLAND, Heckmondwike.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
LIIREWORKS.—WANTED buyers to purchase WELLS and Co.'s London made Fireworks, the cheapest and best in the trade. Price list on application.—WELLS and Co., 14 Chapel Walks, South Castle-st., Liverpool.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
TOBACCONISTS and those commencing should call or send for our Price List. Competition defied.—GOLDBERG'S, Paradise-st.. Liverpool. Established 1850.

ORSE SHOE LEATHERS, 10d. per sett of four; new I I Leather; quality guaranteed ; sample sett is. free.— CROSS, 37, Whittchapel, Liwrpool.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
FISH, GA3IE, POULTRY, &C. R. GLENDINNLNG & CO.

(who have been established for the last 60 years at ST. JOHN'S MARKET, LIVERPOOL), are now opened with a choice selection of FISH, POULTRY, and GAME (in season) at , 48, lIORSEHARKET-b*TREET, WARRINGTON, Special attention will be given to all Orders entrusted to us. BEST ARTICLES SUPPLIED at the LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. - R. 6 GLENDINNING & CO.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0069.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,

===== 0002601_18941103_art0070.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MiNE

===== 0002601_18941103_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXA M INEIEt, SATURDAY NOVEMBER 3. 1894.

Antirs bp Rtuttan.

gAipptim ott res

===== 0002601_18941103_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
Ilitsrtitancous

GENT'S 14-carat Go,ld Geneva Lever WATCH, engine turned Payments taken. cases, fully jewelled, almost new. A Rare Bargain. Only £2 15s.

GENUIN Silver, LUVlilt, Payments taken. E by" Ball," of Liverpool. Cost ajl new, 6 guineas Only I 7S. 6D.

'1 ALE of Forfeited PLEDGES every IJ Wednesday afternoon 2-30 p.m. Payments taken.

ON SALE A GOOD MILK FLOAT—for terms apply to 10. St. John-St. Earlestown.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
ORAZY AND PATCHWORK.--!0 lovely new pieces, kJ flushes, Velvets, Silks, is. 3d. free. Mrs. TAYLOR, 74 Stratford-road, Birmingham.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
LIOR. SALE, a Beautiful PANORAMA, having 40 scenes or sections, illustrative of the explorations of the late Dr. Livingstone in South Africa ; the framework is fixed up with screw bolts and nuts, and gives a frontage oi 25ft. by 12ft. ; price £25 ; to au . enterprising party this is a chance that seldom occurs : over £47 has been taken at two enter- tainments.—Apply 233, Orookes, Sheffield.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0075.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
' . 1 '

• •

-

===== 0002601_18941103_art0076.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_18941103_art0077.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_ • , \•••

===== 0002601_18941103_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
By jfr. WILLIAM ELLIS.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
Otarbtl sct., on mlt.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
LAIR'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS

BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS.

For RHEUMATISM, GOUT, LUMBAGO.

and SCIATICA. The acute pain quickly relieved by these Pills. is Sure. Safe, and Effectual.

Price is. ltd. and 2s. 941 per Box.

WANTED INTENDING, PURCHASERS TO SEND FO SHACKELL AND CO.'S ILLUSTRATED LIST OF

PIANOS AND ORGANS. 71, PICCADILLY, 2,IANCHESTER.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER,

SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1894.

Lord Rosebery IN his speech at Bradford, on and the Saturday, Lord ROSE BERY dealt House of Lords. in an adequate fashion with the question of the House of Lords. It is a subject which cannot, in fact, be any longer ignored. Has the House of Commons, which is representa- tive of the nation generally, or the House of Lords, which represents the prejudices and inter- ests of a small and priveleged section of the nation, to have the dominant voice in the govern- ment of the country ? That is, when we come down to the essential facts of the situation, the question which has new come up for definite settlement. Since the present House of Com- mons was elected it has passed several legislative measures dealing with important subjects in accordance with the pledges given to electors. These measures were in the usual course transmitted to the House of Lords for consideration and the House of Lords has in some instances entirely destroyed them, and has eliminated from others some of the provisions which in the opinion of the majo- rity of those who elect the Horse of Commons were most valuable. In other words, the House of Lords,the unrepresentative Chamber, arrogates to itself the right to revise and reject the work of the House of Commons, the representative Cham- ber. What is more,the country has been plainly told that all the other leading measures on the pro- gramme of the present Government will receive the seine treatment. To sit still and tolerate this sort of thing would simply be equivalent to hand- ing the control of the affairs of the country over to the extremest section of Tories in perpetuity No matter how Liberal or how Radical might be the complexion of the House of Commons, the

House of Lords could be relied upon to allow no new law to be promulgated which had not been shaped to the Tory model. The Liberal party has no desire to be placed in any such leading strings, hence the now irresistible demand for such a readjustment of the relations between the two Houses of Parliament as will make the House of Commons supreme. The Government have now, it is evident, determined to respond to the wishes of the party they lead. Lord ROSEBXRY'S speech gives ample evidence that the subject has been closely considered in all its aspects. To "shift the balance of the Constitu- tion" as the Premier points out,is not a simplet matter. This is a time of ußrest and change,but it is no*, revolutionary time. Lord ROSEBERY can- not walk into the Upper Chamber, as Cromwell in his day walked into the House of Commons, and order the peers to clear out with all their para- phernalia. What is done will have to be done by strictly constitutional methods, and it cannot be forgotten that the peers themselves are a part of the Constitution. There seems to be, therefore, a concensus of opinion that, under the circum- stances, the plan of procedure now proposed by Lord ROSEBERY is the best. He proposes "to bring the House of Commons into play." The House of Commons will be asked to proceed, as it has proceeded in the past in its contests with the House of Lords, namely, by resolution. The Government proposes to invite the HOUS3 to pass a resolution declaring that it is the "pre- dominant partner" in all legislation, with the view, of course, of depriving the Lords of their veto. The Lords will, no doubt, under the guidance of the Marquis of SALISBURY contest the right of the Commons to make any such change in the constitution, and in that event the PRIME MINISTER will proceed to what he calls the second act in the great drama. He will appeal to the country for a mandate to revise the constitution. It is almost certain that the mandate will be given. When it is given a method of bringing the Peers into subjection will soon be found.

LORD SALISBURY gets more "Mere Brigands." and more emphatic in his allus- ions to trade unionists. A few mor.ths ago he was generally understood to refer to trade unions as "cruel organisations;" in his speech at Edinburgh this week he describes trades unionists as "brigands." Lord SALISBURY is in the habit of complaining after almost every speech that he makes that he has been misunderstood. In the present instance it is hard to see where any , misunderstanding can creep in. The Trades Union Congress, at its last meeting, passed a resolution by a large majority in favour of the , State ownership of all the means of production, and Lord SALISBURY now declares that "when you hear people say that all the instruments of produc- tion ought to be taken into the hands of the State, you know that you are in the presence of mere brigands." Clearly, therefore, trades unionists are, in the estimation of the Marquis of SALIS- BURY," mere brigands." There can be no mistake this time as to whom this choice epithet was in- tended to describe. The Marquis is really very inconsiderate. The Tory workingman must often be in a state of mental perplexity when trying to find reasons for holding what he calls his "political opinions," but how much worse is his position now when his own leader describes him as a "mere brigand." If the Tory trade unionist can stand this he must be a person of peculiar humility.

A GOOD deal has been said at the The Iron Trade. Iron and Steel Trade Conference held this week in Glasgow about the high wages of English ironworkers as com- pared with the wages of foreigners, and it was even resolved that "accurate knowledge of the foreign competition, and the serious prospects of the iron and steel trades" should he diffused amongst the workmen. There was, however, another question touched upon which has a very important influence on every branch of British industry. It is that of preferential or unduly heavy rates of carriage. What is to be said, for example, of the English lines of steamers which carry Continental iron from Antwerp to India for ten shillings a ton while charging fifteen shillings and ninepence for English iron. According to the gentleman who made these statements, these steamers are actually sent to Antwerp to load and then return to London to take on board the English iron which is charged for at a fifty per cent. higher rate. And the com- panies which own these steamers are heavily subsidised by either the English or the Indian government The British manufacturer is also heavily handicapped by the differences in the rail- way rates. It costs the Birmingham producer twelve shillings aid sixpence to send a quantity of material to Birkenhead which could be sent an equal distance over Belgian railways for four shil- lings. It seems from these facts that manufac- turers should not look too exclusively to the wages of their workmen foe relief.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
• ".'`"

-*,,- ' _

- _ ••.• '

===== 0002601_18941103_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
WIIITE STAR LINE for NEW YORK every WEDNESDAY.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
GUION LINE to NEW YORK, every SATURDAY.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
ADEL AID E, MELBOURNE and SYDNEY STEAMERS from LIVERPOOL.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
6111 P aNAL. CLAIM FOR DAMAGES BY MESSRS. FAIRCLO UGH

AND SONS.

An action in Admiralty was heard by his Honour Judge Collier,asserted by ,Captains Nowell,and on Friday last week, at the Liverpool County Court, in which Messrs. James Fairclough and Sons, corn mer- chants, Warrington, owners of the steam barque Pioneer and the barge Pirattt, sued the Manchester Ship Canal Company, owners of the steam tug Agnes Seed, for £167 6s. 11d., damages through a collision which hap- pened on the morning of the 22nd of May last, near Wigg's Works, Runcorn. The defendant company counterclaimed for £5O damazes done to their tug, Agnes Seed. Mr. Collinwood Hope, appeared for the plaintiffs, and Mr. Steel for the defendant company. The plaintiffs' vessel had entered the canal through the Western Mersey lock, a short time previously, having come from the Flarrington Dock, Liverpool, on the night tide of the 21st. The barge Pirate contained a cargo of wheat belonging to the plaintiffs, which was consigned from Liverpool to Warrington. The morn- ing was very foggy when the Agnes Smd was sighted. In passing, the Agnes Seed touched the steam barge, Pioneer, which was towing the Pirate, and col- lided with the latter vessel. The Pirate was found to be admitting water, and was run ashore. The plain- tiffs subsequently found that a considerable portion of the cargo had been damaged by water, and that had to he sold bv auction for what it would fetch, and the 1 "• ! Pirate being severely damaged had to be repaired by Messrs. Clover Clayton and Company, of Birkenhead. The master of the Pit,meer alleged that the Agnes Seed, when first seen was going at the rate of about nine knots an hour on the wrong side of the canal, and that as she approached she sounded no whistle or signal. In cross-examination, lie admitted ignorance of a canal regulation, in regard to the way in which the barge was made fast, to the steam barge, and he denied that toe • Ship Canal pi ople called attention to the improper way the barge was made fast. For the defence it was a.heged that the steam barge kept on the wrong side of the canal, and neglected the necessary precautions for preventing a co!lision. 'lbis-was denied by the master of the Pioneer, who alleged that he observed all the Ship Canal regulations, and als,, th,!., regulations for preventing collisions at sea, Ile denied that he was ever on the port or wrong side of the canal.

After hearing a considerable number of witnesses on both sides, his Honour delivered judgment. He said that after consulting and taking the aovice of his asses- ors, he had arrived at what he feared was a most un- satisfactory decision, which was that neither side had made out its case. The judgment would therefore be a nonsuit on both sides, with no order as to costs. BARGE TRAFFIC ON THE SHIP CANAL.

It is probable that there will be considerable develop- ment of barge traffic on the Ship Canal in the near future. Some private firms are already engaged in the barge traffic, the rates of carriage from Liverpool to Manchester being 33. 6d. and upwards.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0087.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18941103_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
GRAND SWIMMING GALA. AT

WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
FINAL LEAGUE CONTEST.

On Monday night a grand swimming gala and the final in the Liverpool and District League Water Polo Competition was held in the Corporation Baths,Legh-st.,under the rules of N.C.A.S.A. Mr. R. Pierpoint, M.P., took the chair. From the first opening of the doors an unending stream of people continued to pour in, until at 7 30 the building was crowdea.

The hon. officials were—Judges : Messrs. J. Grace,Bes- wick and Toft ; Handicappers ; Messrs. Derbyshire and Hunt (Manchester) ; Starter : Mr. J. Grace ; Check Star- ter : Mr. H. Toft ; Time Beepers : Edward Burrows and. J. Bowen ; Hon. Sec., W. S. C. : Mr. T. G. Grounds; Hon. Sec., to Gala Committee : Mr. Stanley Wilson ; for the polo match the Referee was A. Thomson, Esq., Liverpool: Goal Scorers : E. H. Lowdey (Liverpool Crescent), J. Finegan (Liverpool Sefton) ; Timekeeper : F. D. Nevin, Hon. Sec. Liverpool and District Water Polo Association.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
HANDICAPS.

The proceedings were commenced with the first heat in the 50 yards barred handicap, the Ist prize for which was a gold medal. The first three heats were fully re- presented, viz., five swimmers in each. The winners were respectively, P. Isherwood, T. S.C. ; R. Tunstall, St. H. S.C. (swim over) ; and W. Creighton, W. S.C. In heat 4 there were four competitors, of whom J. W. Coe, 0. S.C., came in first. Or toe three competitors in heat 5, W. Ashton, W. S.C., was an easy first. Four swimmers competed in the 6th heat,and the winner was H. Greenhalgh, O.W. S.C. The next two heats were both represented by three oompetitors,and the respective winners were—W. Gadd, V. S.C., and E. A. Jones, W. S.C. The full number of men swam in heats 9 and 10, which were very hotly contested, and the winners were—C. Jolliffe, W. S.C., and A. Jones, Everton S.C. In the last two heats there were three competitors, and both winners were of the samo cub, viz., D. W. Bailey and R. Cheadle, Vernon S.C. The first in each heat swam in the final.

TrERS BREAKS A WORLD'S RECORD. The 100 yards open handicap was the next event for which there were 8 heats and 4 prizs, viz :—Lst prize, marble clock, value £3 35.; 2nd priz., gold medal; 3rd prize, gold centre medal; 4th prize, silver medal; and a fast time prize, overcoat, value £2 2s. given by the Grand Ch.,thing Hall Co.. Bridge-st. The first heat was won by W. Burroughs, St. Helens Swimming Club and the 2nd in which Tyers (amateur champion) and Shar- rack. St. Helens, took part,Sharrack going 3secs. before Tyers. A better race could not possibly have been witnessed and when Tyers won and it was announced that he had also beaten the world's record, the applause was tremendous. His time for the 100 yds. was 62 1-5 secs. thus beating the world's record 1 sec. and 2-5. The remaining heats were more scantily represented, the results being as follows :—(3), F. htierwood, T.s.c.; (4), C. Pennington, St. Helens S.C. ; (5), W.G V.S.C. swim over; (6), P. Ripley, St. Helens S.C. ; (7), E. A. Jones. W.S.C. ; (8) J. Treanor, L.G.S.C. The first in each heat of this handicap also swam in the final. Finals: 50 yds.handicap :-Ist, Greenhalgh, O. W.S.C.; 2nd, Ashton, Warrington; 3rd, Jones, Everton : 4th, Gadd, V.S.C. 100 yds. handic..ap :-1, Isherwood, Tyldesley ; 2, Pennington, St. Helens; 3, J. Treanor, L.G.S.C. ; 4, Jones, Warrington. Before the commencement of the polo match Mr. R. Pierpoint, M.P., expressed his pleasure at seeing such an excellent exhibition, and congratulated the club in having such an excellent bath. He discoursed on the value of the art of swimming in many instances. The club he thought was very lucky in having such good secretaries as Mr. T. G. Grounds and Mr. S. Wilson. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_18941103_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
THE POLO MATCH.

The polo match between Warrington and St. Helens was now commenced, and a great deal of interest was manifested owing to the winning team receiving the Liverpool and District Cup. The teams were as follows —Warrington : Goal, J. F. Dixon; backs, W. D. Sutton, S. Beaman; half-back, Fair Turner (captain) ; forwards, P. Furness, T. Locker, and G. A. Scotson. St. Helens Goal, J. Aspinwall; backs, D. W. Holland, J. Martlew; half-back, R. Sharrack; forwards, A. Marsden (captain), J. Sherwood, and J. M'Kay. At the commencement St. Helens defended the deep end of the bath and Locker fer Warrington was the first to the ball and passed to Fur- ness who dribbled well up. Fouls were at first frequent and from one Locker got the ball and made a shot a goal which was well fisted out. Sharrack imme- diately answered by one of his long shots which Dixon. neatly caught. Even play ensu4d and goal-shots were frequent on both sides. The game grow very exciting when McKay got away and almost scored, Dixon stopping- the ball which Beaman fisted out into the middle again. Turner then got the ball and passed to Locker who with a quick shot scored the first geal of the match amid con- tinued cheering. On the re-start Locker again got the ball and after a neat bout of passing scored again, the ball just getting between the enemy's posts. A moment later Locker passed to Turner who shot at goat, but the ball just tipped the bar and passed over. St. Helens now began to look formidable and getting the ball at the Warrington end, McKay shot the first goal for the visi- tors. From a foul near the posts another chance cropped up but was missed. Turner again shot unsuccessfully and half-time arrived with the score reading., Warring- ton two goals, St. Helens one. The teams now changed ends and the visitors la±gan to give the Warrington goal-keeper trouble; a long shot from one of them only being stopped by the lucky position in which Dixon had his head. The play for a time centred chiefly at the St. Helens end when Sharrock getting pos- session equalizad • the score by another long shot which was quite out of Dixon's reach. Play now became of a keener character neither side gaining much advantage. Sharrack and Locker, Martlew and Scot- son, were playing a regular cat and mouse game. The, home goal was again in imminent danger, two shots passing over the bar in succession. Sharrrck getting clear put in another goal though Locker dig his best to- step him. For repeated fouling Scotson and Martlew were ordered out of the bath though appearances were certainly in favour of the Warrington man. Beaman now got the ball and swam toward the visitors' goal but being too deliberate he was over-reached and the chance was lost. Time was soon called and after a hard fought game the score read—St. Helens three goals War- rington two.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
VARIOUS EXHIBITIONS.

Now followed one of the most interesting features of: the gala viz. : the exceedingly clever ornamental swim ming performance of Master W. H. Cur wen (11) of Birkenhead. He appeared in a sailor suit inclusive of stockings and goloshes :v Inch after diving in he divested himself of. This was followed by an exhibition of the over-arm and side strokes, swimming on the back, pro pelling head and feet foremost, marching on the water,. revolving, motionless floating In various positions, somersaults backward and forward, watrwheel, an ex- cellent imitation of crab swimming, end fi laity the youngster plunged down and brought up his clothes. 'Joey " Nuttall and Professor Barlow (bath-keeper)- now made their appearance. Before the swimmers entered the water it was stated that Nuttall was the un- disputed professional champion of the world. He com- menced his career at the age of 11, and up to now he has. won between 200 and 300 prizes. In his amateur career he beat all opponents,and since he became a professional helms been undefeated: He has won the I,oooyds. so often that'no,switniner will compete with him for it. He Is. also the:possessor of the Sporting Life Championship Cup for a mile his record for which has never been beaten. He now attempted to lower the 250 yards record of' 3 min. 5.4-5 secs, made by J. H. Tyers at the Heywood baths twelve months ago. Professor Barlow swain 4 of the 10 lengths with him in good style. Nuttall kept up- a quick powerful stroke but at the finish it was found that his time was 3 mins. 7 secs. 2-5 or 1 sec. 3-5 below the record.

J. McHugh (amateur plunge champion) gave an ex- hibition long plunge,diving 60 feet (ahnost equalling his record) and remaining 56 secs. under water. He also, gave a short exhibition of swimming. At the conclusion of the gala the Chairman distributed the prizes as the successful competitors filed out.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HEALTH OF WARRINGMN.

The public health depends largely upon individual; care and watchfulness. Municipal authorities are not responsible for individual oarelessness, for statistics prove that a large p2rcentage of illness and mortality is due to the neglect of simple ailments ; principally those of the liver and kidney, and it is further demonstrated that Warner's Safe Cure never fails in the cure. The liver is not cnly the largest organ in the human body, but practically through its central location it is closely connected with the digestive and respiratory organs,con— sequently, if torpid, inactive, or diseased the general health is soon undermined.

The following letter from such a prominent source- needs no explanation. The writer is the Rev. 11. Elwyn Thomas, pastor of Tolmers-square Church, London, N.W.. dated June 18th, 1894. "As a rule," he writes, " I put very little faith in the much advertised patent medicines of the day. The more advertised they are, and the more numerous the ' testimonials' published o.nocerning them the weaker is my faith in their efficiency. There are exceptions, however, to every rule. The modest and straightforward manner in which Warner's Safe Cure is made known to the public convinced me long ago that its proprietors had a stronger faith in what they asserted concerning its properties than the general run of public advertisers. Being at thp time a constant sufferer from liver complaints I acted on my convicti@n, and tried the cure.' with the result that I almost immediately got rid of the bilious headaches, which for a long time had almost made my life a burden. After taking the medicine for a few weeks the bitter taste I had in the mornings, the constant bilious attacks I was subject to, and the terrible headaches I suffered from disappeared, and I became 'another man.' Since then I have recommended the safe cure to many of my friends, always with the most favourable results." _ _

Mothers: fathers: husbands: wives ; guard your home and loved ones against even "the appearance of evil" or disease, allowing nothing to deter you from promptly resorting to this proven remedy.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0094.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
aiono

===== 0002601_18941103_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

BILLIARD HANDICAP AT THE RUNCORN LIBERAL CLUB. A billiard handicap woich has been in progress for nearly two months at the Runcorn Liberal Club for four prizes was concluded on Friday evening of last week. The game resolved itself into five rounds, and finally ended by Messrs. F. Riley,H. Heesom, H. Barnes, and P. Comes respectively winning the four prizes. COLLIER BREAD is the best money can buy.—Advt. INTERESTING LECTURE AT RUNCORN. On Tuesday evenlng, an interesting and instructive lecture was given by Mr.W.H.Chadwick in the Bethesda Congregational School, Runcorn entitled" From Island to Island in the South Seas." There was a fairly large attendance and the lecture, which was much appreciated, was illustrated in various parts by lime- light views. The proceeds were in aid of the London Missionary Society. COLLIER'S sell everything for the smallest possible profits. Advt. .

RUNCORN DISTRICT NURSR'S WORK.

_ The "Runcorn Parish Magazine" for this month states that there have been forty-nine cases on the books from V. the 25th September to the 25th October, nineteen of which were fresh ones. The cases are classified as fol- lows :—Chronic 9; medical, 18; surgical, 5; and typhoid, 17. Of these, two have been taken to hospitals in Liverpool. three have died, and 15 are convalescent. Two chronics are receiving occasional visits. This leaves 27 cases on the books. Twenty patients have received occasional visits, of these one has died. There have been 298 visits paid to cases, and 69 occasional visits, making the total number of visits 367. COLLIER'S is. BUTTER is the gem in the market.—Advt. DEATH OF AN OLD PRESBYTERIAN IN RUNCORN. The death of Mrs. Parr, Pennington's-row, Runcorn, was feelingly referred to on Sunday evening by the Rev. J. Pulford Williams, pastor at the St. John's Presbyte- sian new school. The rev. gentleman said that the deceased lady was the oldest member of the St. John's Church, and connected the present generation of wor- shippers with the earliest history of Presbyterianism in Runcorn. Although she had been too feeble of late years to work actively for the church, yet she had taken a deep interest up to the last in all that affected the spiritual progress of the Cause of God in that place. COLLIER'S sell the best quality goods at lowest possible prices.—. Advt. UNPLEASANT ADVENTURE OF SIR JOHN Ricky. A correspondent states that Sir J. Rigby who has been spending a holiday in Montgomeryshire, met with a strange adventure during his stay at Gregynog Hyll, Lord Sudeley's seat. In company with a young lady, he rode out one morning across the moors with the intention of visiting some mountain pools. The roads hereabouts are of 2, treacherous nature and abounding in bogs. Whilst attempting to cross a stretch of the latter the horse sank knee deep in the mud. Being at the time out of sight of a house and far from the high- way, their situation was none of the pleasantest. For- tunately, the son of a shepherd came by at the time,and succeeded in directing them to the road. Sir John and his compauion returned to Greynog, not visiting the ." pools." FUNERAL OF A RUNCORN YOUTH AT WIDNES. The interment of the late Mr. John Owen, 18 years of age, who had lived with his parents at 29, Martley-st., Widnes,took place on Saturday afternoon in the Widnes parish churchyard. The young man, who died on the previous Thursday in Widnes Hospital from typhoid lever, formerly lived in Runcorn with his family. He was a member of the Holy Trinity Church choir,and the -secretary of the Band of Hope connected with this church. He was likewise a member of the Runcorn Tonic Sol Fa Prize Choir, and had associated himself also with the Runcorn Seamen's Mission, Widnes Bible Class, and the Widnes Church Army. He was widely respected, and the attendance of friends and relatives from both sides of the river at his funeral, was very numerous. A large number of beautiful floral tributes were upon the coffin, and the ceremony at the grave- side, which was conducted by the Rev. Mr. Adams, was most affecting. COLLIER'S BLACK BLENDED TEA. 20. per quarter lb.—Advt FIRE AT Rum:m.4. Considerable excitement was caused in the town on Sunday night at about seven o'clock,through the sound- ing of the " fire buzzer." The brigade quickly ansvveaed the call and were directed to the shop of Mrs. Mary Meadowcroft, 18, Church-st., where a few minutes previously a fire had been discovered by some passers- by. The brigade, who were under the command of Superintendent of Wright and Deputy-Superintendent Wright, found upon their arrival that the fire had been checked somewhat by the discoverers. They, however, at once rendered their assistance, and in a very short time the flames were extinguished. The fire had origi- nated underneath the shop window, where a quantity of matches was stored. It was very fortunate indeed that the fire was so soon detected,or probably the result would have been a great deal more serious,as the nature of the stock in the shop was inflammable. Owing to the prompt actiou of the brigade and other persons the damage done is not more than about £5O, and this is insured in the Lancashire Insurance Company. Natu- rally enough, a large crowd of persons collected outside the shop, but order was maintained by Superintendent Atherton, and several constables. STEALING AND RECEIVING AT RUNCORN. On Wednesday morning at the Runcorn Occasional Police Court before Messrs. F. J. Norman and S. Taylor,

Wm. Henry Hardley,Cooper-street, was charged in three instances with stealing boots one pair from Messrs. Tyler's shop in Bridge-st., another pair from Thomas Whinyates' Church.st., and the other pair from William Craddock, Church-st. Margaret Hardley, mother of tile prisoner, was charged with rece.ving two pairs from her son well knowing them to be stolen.—Evidence was given to show now the thefts had been committed. by

the lad, and further that the female prisoner had Pledged one pair at the pawnshop of Mr. Lightfoot, but was caught by the police whilst trying to pledge another air at Mr. Smith's, Alcock-street.---The boy admitted having stolen the articles, but the mother pleaded that she believed, when she received them from her son, that he had obtained them honestly.—The magistrates, how- ever, were not disposed to believe such a statement and sentenced her to two months' imprisonment, and ordered the boy to receive twelve strokes with the birch-rod. COLLIER'S FRESH IRISH DAIRY BUTTER, 10d. per lb. is ,excellent, —Advt. ALLEGED UNLAWFUL WOUNDING AT RUNCORN. At the Runcorn Police Court on Tuesday afternoon before Mr. F. J. Norman, a boy named Harold Curzon, 23 years of age, who had been apprehended under a Warrant was charged with having unlawfully inflicted grevious bodily harm upon Elizabeth Lyon, eight years of age,on the 20th October.—lnspector Hicks stated that the girl was in a very critical state through the effects of the offence of which the prisoner was accused. He was therefore unable to go on at once with the case, and -asked for the boy to be remanded until (this) Friday morning. The adjournment was granted, the prisoner being admitted to bail in one surety of £25. RUNCORN BRANCH OF WESLEYAN FOREIGN MISSIONS. An advertisement in another column announces the 'fact that on the 11th inst. two sermons will be preached in the St. Paul's Wesleyan Chapel, Runcoin, in aid of the Wesleyan Foreign Missions. The preacher on both occasions is to be the Rev. George Patterson, late of Madras, from whom may be confidently expected two very able sermons. These will in all probability relate to the rev. gentleman's past experiences as a missionary in India, which should indeed prove intensely interest- On the following Monday evening the annual meet- ing in connection with the local branch of the mission Will be held, Mr. S. Taylor J.P. having been selected to Preside. The proceeds, which we hope will reach a satisfactory figure will be devoted to the mission fund. OPEsfiria OF THE RUNCORN MUSICAL SOCIETY'S SEASON. By reference being made to our advertising columns it 'will be seen that the first concert of the 1894-5 season in connection with the Runcorn Musical Society will be held on Tuesday evening next in the Public Hall, and Promises t prove a rich musical treat. The committee have put forth great efforts to bring about a successful season, and their exertions have been considerably sup- Plernented by those of Messrs. F. L. Scott, J. Booth (hon. treasurers), and R. W. Pierpoint (hon secretary), the last of whom is the brother or Mr. Bantock Pierpoint, a Buncornian who is fast becoming, famous in the Musical World. The programme of the concert is exceedingly ttractive. The first part consists of Sir A. Sullivan's ramatic cattata "On Shore and Sea," CerePesed xPressly for and performed at the opening of he London International Exhibition ; whilst the ..eeond portion is of a miscellaneous nature. The artistes engaged to interpret the leading parts are rousicians of well-known talent, namely, Miss Regina 'lJ`ivater, the new American prima donna; Mr. Edwin ,'areham, principal tenor, Royal Italian Opera, the rllehter Concerts, &c. ; and Mr. Carl Fuchs, a 'cellist of 'widespread fame. There will be a full orchestra and „..,ch°res numbering 120 performers, who will be under the i7eient conductorship of Mr. F. H. Crossley. It is to ts hoped that the labours of the Society to cultivate a ' Igh standard of musical taste in Runcorn will be eeegnised and rewarded on Tuesday evening by the Presence of a large and appreciative audience. Further lii'lrticulars may be glcaned from the advertisement. UNION OF THE RUNCORN TONIC SOL FA PRIZE CHOIR.

,t RUPTURES. TRUSSES. WOODEND'S PATENT 111ITSSES. the most comfortable truss-ever invented. A 1)300n to wearers, haring no spring at back. Singl,Ti. Rd. 12s. Carriage paid. tend size in inches Lc J. rI°ODEND. Chemist, 22, Pitt-street, Liverpool.—Advt. seam of coal, averaging 19 feet in thickness, is gated to have been found at Hazel Grove, near &lock- Port. N,IttUPTURED CURED without operation. All who wish to Fiji rid of itoi.tare and trusses should send to M. S. J. Hernia Specialist, 64, Chancery Lane, London. and '''"ll4 Street, lianclaeater for his Book post free 7d.—Adrt,

The first meeting of the members of this choir, after their recent concert, took place on Monday evening when a large number assembled together in the Elles- mere-Bt. schools, and at half-past six in the evening par- took of a substantial tea excellently served by the fol- lowing ladies :—Mesdames Burrows,Leathwood,Temper- ley, Misses Eiayes, Pope, Edwards, Woodward, Penning- tcn, Eden, Dutton, and Massey. At the finish cf tea the room was cleared and a social evening ensued. G Lines of various kinds were participated in and much enjoyed. These were interspersed with songs by Mrs. Temperley, Misses Pope and Eden, and Messrs. Flarrop and Withing- ton. Mr. Hammersley also gave a recitation. The pro- ceedings continued until eleven o'clock when the party broke up after a very pleasant evening. The gathering was so succe,sful that it is centemplated holding one after each concert. CONCERT AT THE RUNCORN SEAMEN'S INSTITUTE. The usual weekly concert in connection with the Run- corn branch or the Mersey Mission to Seamen took place in the lower room of the Institute on Tuesday evening, Mr. William Shaw, the local missionary, occupying the chair. There was a large attendance of sailors, water- men, and others. The programme was this week under- taken by the St. Mary's Church Entertainment Choir, the members of whom, under the guidance of their con- ductor, rendered the various glees, songs, recitations, dialogues in the most approved style. A lady-member of the choir accompanied the singers very ably on the pianoforte, every item given by the choristers being rewarded with well-merited applause. During the interval refreshments were served by the lady mem- bers of the Mission. At the conclusion a vote of thanks was accorded the choristers for their valvable services on the proposition of Mr. Shaw, seconded by Mr. Water- worth. The compliment was suitably acknowledged.

DISTRIBUTION OF CERTIFICATES AT THE RUNCORN BOARD SCHOOLS.

On Wednesday evening same seventy scholars of the Greenway-road Board School, Runcorn, were presented in the boys' school with certificates, awarded by the Day School Scientific Temperance Education Scheme for " excellence of written report of a lecture on Alcohol and its 'effects on the human body.'" The certifi- cates have been provided by the Lancashire and Cheshire Band of Hope Union, the organi- zation which is .responsible for the working of the above scheme. As a prelude to the ceremony of distribution, which was performed by Mr. J. F. Moul- ton head mastar, and Miss Kilburn, head mistress, a lecture was given entitled "London to the Fails of Niagara," illustrated by limelight views, the descriptive readings being given by the head master. Mr. T. Bowyer manipulated the lantern. Songs and duets were rendered by a few of the scholars,- Miss Kilburn presiding at the pianoforte. BRUNSWICK IMPROVEMENT CLASS, RUNCORN.

_ On Wednesday evening the usual weekly meeting of the above class was held in the schoolroom, Mrs. Soulby presiding. There was a large attendance. A programme of music both vocal and instrumental was gone through by the ladies, consisting in the first part, of selections from the works of the poet Tennyson, and in the second part of pieces from various composers. Readings werO also given. The proceedings were of a most pleasant kind, and were much appreciated by all. MEETING OF THE ST. PAUL'S BIBLE CLASS, RUNCORN. A meeting of the members of this class was held on Sunday afternoon in the Morning Chapel attached to the St. Paul's Church, when an interesting address was delivered by the Rev. T. Brakenbury, superintendent, who took for his subject" The story of the Bible, and the experimenting of its truths." Mr. Wilding subse- quently gave a bible reading, and he musical portion of the service included a sacred solo entitled " Sabbath Chimes "by Mr. D. Parry, and a solo " Where are the sine," by Mr. Edward Evans.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
ACTION BY A RUNCORN QUARRY OWNER.

At the Runcorn County Court before his Honour Judge Wynne Ffoulkes on Tuesday afternoon, an action was heard in which Alfred Hunt, stone mason and quarry owner, Runcorn, sued Messrs. Gustavous Bros., Carmarthen-road, Swansea, builders and contractors, for the sum of ..CB, price of stones supplied. The defendant alleged that the stones were u,eless and brought a minter-claim against plaintiff for £ll 6s. 4d., being £3 3s. for loss of time in having to provide other stone, and the rest was for carriage of Hunt's stone and its storage at Swansea, which defendant expected he would have to pay the Railway Company. Mr. Grier, barrister, of Liverpool, instructed by Mr. Burton, solicitor, of Runcorn. represented the plaintiffs, whilst Mr. George Gustavous conducted the case for the defendants.

It transpired that the defending firm gave Mr. Hunt an order for the stone on the recommendation of a Mr. David, who acted as clerk of the works at Swansea- The order was that the stone should be "good, sound, Run- corn red sandstone for building purposes." The stone, which was duly despatched at the beginning of the pre- sent year, arrived at Swansea safely. One portion of it was then taken to the defendant's yard, and was found to be full of sand holes and clay holes, according to the statement of Mr. George Gustavous. The defendants alleged that the stone was of no uso whatever for the purpose for which it was intended ; and Mr. Davicl,who recommended them to order it from the plaintiff, was also of that opinion and condemned it.

• The plaintiff was called and stated that the stone was good and sound, but admittted that when he called upon the defendants in Swansea about it he offered to let them have the lot for 30.3. less if it was taken off his hands, as it would inconvenience him very much if the plaintiff would not have it. The plaintiff, however, de- clined to have the stone.—Joseph Prevor, of Shaw-st., Runcorn, quarryman of 16 years experience, and Thomas Walton, Weston, quarryman, and foreman to the plaintiff, both testified to the stone being good and sound. The last named witness, in cross-exa- mination said that the best Runcorn sand-stone was somewhat of a darker red than the piece produced,which was a sample of that supplied to the defendants. Evidence was then called on behalf of the defence,— William David, architect, and clerk of the works (Tem- perance Hall) Swansea, said he inspected the stone at the railway siding, but could not pass it for the work then in hand.—ln cross-examination he denied that he had entertained any ill-feeling against Hunt, and that that was the reason why he refused to pass the stone.—Counsel then read a letter in which it was stated that witness would remember David Hunt on the next job. This, Mr. Grier contended, meant that David woulct purposely condemn the stone. —William Price, foreman for Messrs. Ormand and Sons, said the stone produced was of a fair quality. It should have been better, however.—George Gustavous, contrac- tor, of the firm of Gustavous Bros., Swansea, spoke to ordering the stone upon the recommendation of Mr. David. He continued taking the stone until it became of an inferior quality, and then stopped his orders. He then wrote informing Mr. Hunt of the matter. The Judge said he had come to the conclusion that the understanding between the parties was that good sand stone should be sent. He therefore gave judgment for defendant with costs, on the counter-claim he gave judgment for Hunt without costs.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
FATAL RESULT OF A FALL AT RUN-

CORN.

Mr. J. E. Worsley, coroner, held an inquiry on Thurs- day afternoon at the Lion Hotel, Greenway-road, Run- corn, respecting the death of Joseph Price, 75 years of ace, who died on Tuesday night at 7 Ivy-road, from the effects of a fall over the cemetery wall on the 20th Octo- ber.—Dr. MacLennan, said that he was called to num- ber 7 Ivy-road on the 20th October and found the deceased suffering from severe shock, one of his front teeth having been knocked out. There was also an abrasion on the left hand. No futher injuries could be seen. He complained to witness of severe pain, and said than when he was wblking out at the back of the above named house on the 20th Oct. he was tripped up by some stonej coping and fell over a wall into the cemetery grounds. Witness added that the man died on the 30th October, death being due to in- flammation of the brain preceded by concussion and shock to the system caused by the fall.— William A. Ferguson, 7, Ivy-road, son-in-law of the deceased deposed to hearing his father groan at the back ol the premises at about seven o'clocck on the date mentioned. On going nearer witness heard his father say to himself that he was hurt. Witness locked over the Cemetery wall and saw deceased standing against it at the bottom. He then procured a ladder, went down, and fetched him up to the top and after taking him into the house, he sent for a medical men. The wall at the back of .the house was only eleven inches high in one portion and was at the edge of a passage which was but three feet nine inches wide. There was no fence be- tween the path and the wall. The deceased had told witness that he had tripped and fallen over the wall into the Cemetery. The night of the 20th October was rather a dark one. The? had only been in the house three days when the accident happened.—Mary Ellen Ferguson, wife of the last witness, also gave evidence.— The Coroner, after summarising the evidence said he thought there could be no doubt that the man had met with his death through accidentally falling over the wall. He fhought that a recommendation from the jury that the wall should be fenced would be a wise one.— To this the jury agreed.—A verdict of " Accidental death" was returned.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD TEMPLA.RY.

The weekly session of the Hope of Earlestown lodge of Good Teraplars was held on Monday even- ing in the Cc-operative Hall. •Bro. Joseph Anderton preeAded, and there was a large muster of members nd visitors. Five candidates were initiated and seyeral others proposed. Arrangements were made for a public entertainment to be held on Saturday evening. A: committee was appointed to arrange a programme for next quarter. The officers were elected for next qu:.rter, an the; will be installel next week.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EX AMINE El s TUTU Y . NOVEMBER 3, 1894.

THE DISTRICT COUNCILS WARD MEETINGS.

A meeting of the electors of Newton ward was held at the Town Hall, Newton on Friday evening, for the purpose of deciding upon three candidates to represent the ward on the District Council.—Mr. R. Barton presided, but there was a very poor attendance.—The Chairman said the Committee had met to report to the ratepayers, as to the selection they had made of candidates for the ward. After a good deal of trouble, and after approaching several gentlemen, most of whom declined, they had finally hit upon Messrs. R. Stone, F. J. \I ood and J. Simpson, and he would like someone to propose that these three gentle- men be accepted.—Mr. Stuart said he did not quite agree with the way the chairman had put it, as he did not like it to go forth that the Committee were unani- mous. He intended putting up as a candidate, and he would say that the Committee were not unanimous.— Mr. J. Sankey then proposed, and Mr. Williamson seconded that the candidates be accepted and this was carried.—The Chairman said the candidates were not prepared to address the meeting that night, but on some other occasion they would lay their views before them, and answer any question which might be asked them.— The candiaates then thanked the meeting, for accepting them, and said they would do the best they could for their interests. CROW LANE WARD. A meeting of the electors of Crow Lane Ward was held in the Town Hall, on Tuesday evening. Mr. Thos. Ormand presided, and he was supported on the platform by Messrs. C. B. F. Borron, P. Thompson, W. Mills, W. D4vies, T. Unsworth, S. Schofield, Revs. E. W. W. Kaye, and E. R. Davies, &c.—The Chairman, after an- nouncing the object of the meeting, recapitulated the proceedings of the Committee in the selection of can- didates to represent the ward on the district Council. Ten names had been .tiggested, but Dr. Patterson and himself having told the Committee that they had decided to stand for other wards, the number was re- duced to 8. The Committee then determined that about five or six names ought to be submitted to the electors for choice. Six names were chosen but Mr. Thomas Forster, one of them, decided to stand for Viaduct Ward, and this reduced it to five, and these would be submitted to the meeting that night. He then read a telegram which he had received from Mr. Molyneux, who was away in Cardiganshire, as follows. " With- draw my name, writing." So that they had only four names before them.—Mr. Smith also wrote as follows: —" As business of the utmost importance will prevent my presence at the meeting of candidates of Crow Lane Ward this evening, I have reduced my answers to writ- ing to the 10 questions submitted and regret my in- ability to be present."—The views of the selected candidates were then laid before the meeting, and a poll was afterwards taken, voting being—Borron 51, Smith 49, Mills 44, Thompsc4n 15. The first three will there- fore go to the poll with the support of the Committee. A vote of thanks to the Chairman terminated the proceedings. VIADUCT WARD.

_ A largely attended meeting of the electors of Viaduct Ward was held in the Town Hall, EArlestown, on Tues- day evening, to select candidates for the representation of the ward on the District Council. Mr. S. Harvey was called up.m to preside, and he was supported on the platform by Dr. Valentine, Dr. Mounsey, Messrs. J. W. Emmett, T. Ormand, W. Gilmour, J. Mullins, &c.—The Chairman said they were all aware of the manner in which that meeting had been brought about. He said the names of the gentlemen submitted to the committee as candidates for the ward were Mr. F. Harwood, Mr. Emmett, Mr. Ormand, Mr, MacMahon, and Dr. Valen- tine. Mr. Harwood declined to stand. Mr. Emmett, Mr. Ormand, and Dr. Valentine were willing to stand. Mr.MacMahon was somewhat doubtful,and at that time gave them to understand that he would only come for- ward if a third man was wanted. The committee re- solved to put forward at that meeting the names of Mr. Emmett, Mr. Ormand, and Dr. Valentine, thinking those were the only three who would come forward. Mr.MacMahon it appeared had had further pressure put upon him,and was now desirous of havinc, his name put forward. The committee thought that was the best point at which to ask if there were any further nomina- tions. Mr. MacMahon was then nominated by Mr. Duncalfe, and seconded by Mr. Nevitt, and his name was added to the list.—The candidates then addressed the meeting, and a vote when tiken resulted as follows: —Ormand 102, Emmett 95, Valentine 74, MacMahon 60. The first three will, therefore, go to the poll with the support of the committee. A vote of thanks having been accorded the Chairman on the motion of Mr. Emmett, seconded by Mr. Ormand, the meeting dis- persed. WARGRAVE WARD.

On Wednesday night a meeting was held in Wargrave Schools in support of the candidature of Messrs. Coiling- wood, Slee and Thompson for Wargrave ward. Mr. C. B.F. Borron presided, and he was supported on the plat- form by Messrs. Purnell, Owbridge, Catterall, Wright, Haselden and the candidates.—The Chairman congratu- lated them upon having arrived of the position of inde- pendence, of using their votes so that they would be told in the requirements of the district. Electoral wards were now an accomplished fact, brought about entirely by the ratepayers themselves. They should have been in the position they were now in, five years ago. that of having electoral wards. —Mr. Ceteralt said they were threatened with the sternest opposition. He liked opposition,but he thought when the opposition took upon themselves to bring gentlemen to that ward, they might have brought gentlemen who were residents in the ward. It was not creditable to them to think that they could nc,t find 'men in the ward to represent them. (Hear, hear.) As regarded a workingman candidate, what could they call Mr. Slee, but a typical workingman, in the proper sense of the word, and he considered it an insult to bring men from another ward to represent them. He then proposed that the three gentlemen be their representatives . (Applause).—Mr. Owbridge seconded. The candidates were, he said, more practical than any other three candidates selected for any other ward, that he had heard named yet, and he defied any man to say that they were brought forward for party purposes. They were brought forward in the interests of the mest rising ward in the division.—(Applause.)— Mr. James Wright supported the motion, because he thought they could not be better represented than by the three gentlemen on the platform. Wargrave ward was a ward of engineers, an 1 therefore they wanted engineers to represent them,and they had three engineers before them that night, who had pledged themselves to work for the interests of the ward and for the general good of the ratepayers.—(Hear, hear. )—Mr. Cellingwood said he had now represented them for nearly two years on the Board of Commissioners, it was his good fortune to be appointed almost as soon as he came into the place. He felt very soon how inadequately that end of the township was represented on the Board, and he hailed with delight the proposal of dividing the township into wards. He supported that as far as he could, but was sorry to say that it did not meet with success, however when the petition came round he was one of the first to sign it.—Mr. Slee also thanked them for inviting him to come forward, and would serve the ratepayers faithfully. He was not afraid of taking anything in hand and carrying it out if he was elected, whether it he sewage or water questions. (Applause.)—Mr. W. Thompson was a sew candidate and had no artcount to render of past stewardship, but if they did him the honour of electing him one of their three representatives, he would allow no trifling matter to interfere with his regular attendance, and he would in every way strive by thought and study how best to further the interest of each one in the ward. (Applause.)—The motia'n was then put and carried without dissent.—A vote of thanks to the chairman terminated the preceedings.

DEATH OF DR. APNICOLL, J.P., ST.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
HELENS.

Dr. Robert APNicoll, J.P., for twent3-one years medical officer of the borough of St. Helens, died at 12.30 on Tuesday, at his residence, Hardshaw-st., St. Helens. The late Dr. KNicoll was the son of a Wesleyan minister, the Rev. David M`Nicon, of Dundee, who died in Liverpool in 1830. Dr. I\UNicoll was born in Newcastle in 1820, and received his early education at Woodhouse Grove, near Leeds. At fifteen he was put to business, but at twenty was articled to his brother David, Who practised in Liver- pool. In IMS he went to Dublin for his first course of lectures; the second course he took at the Royal Infir- mary, Liverpool ; and the third at St. Thomas's Hospital, Westminster. In April, 1848, he passed his final at the Royal College of Surgeons, and the same year settled down in St. Helens. His first swgery was in New Market-square, where he remained for seven years, and then he moved into Hardshaw- street. In 1850 Dr. M'Nicoll was married to the only daughter of the late Mr. James Glover, of Newton-le-Willows, the issue of the union being one son and four daughters. Mrs. M‘Nicoll, the son, and the eldest daughter have died, and the three surviving daughters are all married. In movements for the public welfare of St. Helens Dr. M‘Nicoll was a moving spirit. In 1860, the year after the formation of the 47th Lanca- shire Rifle Volunteers (now the 2nd South Lancashire Regiment) he joined the battalion,and on his retirement two or three years since, he was granted the honorary title of surgeon-major. He was one of the promoters of the old Mechanics' Institution,which did excellent work in its day. In 1858 was elected a member of the Board of Commissioners for Eccleston,and remained a member until the incorporation of the borough in 1868. He was then returned to the Council for Eccles'on Ward, and was one of the first aldermen. Four years later he re- signed, and becoming a candidate for the new appoint- ment of medical officer for the borough, he was elected. On completing twenty-one years in that. important posi- tion he in June last retired upon a pension of two-thirds his salary. The late doctor was a member of the Free Library Committee, a Wesleyan local preacher, and president of the St. Helens Medico-Ethical Society. Politically he was a Giadstonian,and was made a boriugil rnaeistrate soon after the present Liberal Administnition came into office. The doctor's death was due to acute congestion of ale kidneys, which caused cardiac failure, and he passed away in the presence of his daughters— Mrs. Handyside, Mrs. Bira!r, and ikrr:,.l3urt,ie--ar.d nurse.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
LIVERPOOL FARM SCHOOL REFORMA- TORY, NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS. HON. T. W. LEGH M.P.. ON REFORMATORY EDUCATION.

Prizes were presented on Tuesday afternoon to the boys of the Liverpool Farm School at Newton- le-Willows by the Hon. T. W. Legh, M.P. A num- ber of visitors attended and witnessed with inter- est the drill performed by the boys, afterwards in- specting the various departments of the institution. At the prize distribution Mr. E. W. Cropper presided, and there were present, amongst others, the Hon, T. W. Legh, M.P., Mr. A. J. Dalzell, Mr. W. Blease, the Rev. T. R. Mathew, the Rev. F. W. Johnstone, Mr. Robert Stone, Captain Lowe, &c. Songs and Instrumental selections having been contributed by the boys Mr. J. DIGROCED (superintendent) submitted a report upon the work of the school during the past year. He stated that the health of the bo7s had been wonderfully good, and they were bright, cheerful, contented, and well-behaved. Twelve of the boys who had been trained at Colonel M'Corquodale's printing works at Newton, had left during the year, nine of them having obtained employ- ment as printers in Liverpool. Four boys had emigrated to Canada, and were doing well. The great coal dispute with its consequent disorganisation of trade brought a number of old boys to the school seeking assistance. The superintendent, however, was not aware of a single old boy, of whom there were a number in that district, getting into trouble during this crisis. Thanks to the kindness of Lord Newton and others, the boys had been able to enjoy an outing to Southport during the sum- mer. The cost of maintenance and instruction had been £lB Us. sd. per head on the average of 126 boys ; the cost of outfits, £3 O. Bd. per head on 44 boys ; and'the industrial profits, £4.7 is. sd. The Hon. T. W. Legh then distributed the prizes, and delivered a brief address to the boys. He said that no one who took the trouble to read the reports submitted could help being struck with one thing—the difference in the tone of these institutions. Nowadays one scarce- ly saw any allusion to penal reformatories or incurably vicious boys; on the contrary, the reports showed a cheerful spirit cf what he might almost call optimism. which was reflected in the appearance of the place and of its inmates. No one looking at the general brightness of the place would imagine that the boys were kept there against their will. In former days people seemed to think it the right thing to make life as disagreeable as possible for the boys; school life was made as detest- able as possible, and reformatories were really prisons which people erroneously supposed them now to be. He was happy to say that was changed. Every boy was practically enabled to learn the trade for which he was best fitted, and on leaving the school had every opportunity of becoming a useful member of society. The institution had proved successful in bene- fiting the best majority of the boys who had been brought up there, the percentage of failures being ex- tremely small. He was not at all sure that their record of success was not greater than that of boys who were educated at great public schools, such as Harrow or Eaton, and afterwards sent to one of the universities. (Hear, hear, and applause.) A vote of thanks to Mr. Legh concluded the proceed- ings.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
THE 'BUS COLLISION NEAR ST. HELENS.

At the Warrington County Court on Thursday before his Honour Judge Wynne Ffoulkes the ad- journed case of Massey and Connor was heard. It will be remembered that Mr. Massey, tripe dealer, Wilderspeol-road, Warrington, claimed a 6s. from Mr. Edward Connor, Sankey-street, Warrington, as damages alleged to have been caused to the plaintiff's trap by the defendant's 'bus having coliicied with it at Peasley Cross near St. Helens, on June 23. In the absence through illness of Mr. Browne, solicitor, 7,1 r. Longton appeared for the plaintiff and Mr. P. DAvies again represented the defendant.—Dovid Farrell, co o: smith, 146, Cambrian-place,spoke as to the damage di. le to Mr. Massey's trap.—Oscar George Dell, son of mr. Dell, painter, Sankey-street, spoke to the driver of ihe 'bus having been perfectly sober on the night in questi ,TI. Mr. Massey's horse backed the trap into the front part of the 'bus. No accident would have have happened if it had not been for the backing of Massey's horse. The lamps on the 'bus were lit, but there were none lit on the trap. John Hatton, Latchford, 'bus conductor in the employ of Mr. Connor, stated that the driver was sober when lie came home on the night in question.—Walter John Langdon, conductor of the 'bus, stated that while in St. Helens the driver had two glasses of beer with him. The driver afterwards went away saying he was going for his tea. Witness also corroborated Mr. Dell's statement. —His Honour, in summing up, said be was very sorry Mr. Browne was unable to conduct his case. He had unfortunately taken ill since the adjournment of the case, but he was glad to hear that Mr, Browne was much better and he hoped that in a short time he would have the pleasure of seeing him again in court. Mr. Longfton had been asked by Mr. Browne to conduct the remainder of the case, and of course Mr. Longton had been placed at a disadvantage because he bad not the opportunity of hearing the previous witnesses. No fault, however, could be found in the way he had con- ducted the case. The trap in question according to the evidence was visible twenty yards off, and there was a clear road of eight yards for the defendant's 'bus to pass. It was the driver's duty to have kept clear of the trap. He, therefore, attributed the accident to the driver's negligence. He also referred to the unsatisfac- tory way in which the driver gave his evidence regard- ing the quantity of drink hehad on the day in question. He stated that he never had a drink at all, whereas the evidence showed that he had. He gave judgment for £4 17s. 6d. damages for the plaintiff.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SHIP CANAL AND THE RIVER NAVIGATION.

TEST CASE AMICABLY SETTLED.

In the Chancery Division on Thursday morning before Mr". Justice Kekewich, the part-heard action, Fairclough V. the Manchester Ship Canal Company was to have been heard. It will be remembered that the case raised a point as to the depth of water in the part of the Mersey at Warrington which is now included in the Manchester Ship Canal, the plaintiffs who are large merchants in Warrington, complaining that sufficient depth was not provided at their quays, as was provided by the com- pany's Act. After a long consultation between the counsel and solicitors engaged in the case Mr. Fletcher Moulton. Q.C., on behalf of the Ship Canal Company,in- . formed his Lordship that they should not have to trouble him with the case. It was a complicated action. As had been hoped tke parties had agreed that the action should be settled on terms agreed to, but which need not be read. His Lordship agreed to an order being drawn up,and congratulated the parties on having mile to the conclusion, though why it had not been done before he could not say.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES FROM LIVERPOOL AND DISTRICT. (BY A LIMB OF THE LAW.)

The Wallasey Local Board who govern the di tricts of New Brighton, Liscard, Egremont, Seacombe and Wallasey, are determined that they will apply for a Charter so that Wallasey shall become a Corporation. A majority of the rate- payers have declared against them, both by a show of hands at a large public meeting which has been held and also by a poll which has been taken on the subject. The Local Board will cease to exist in November and will either become a District Council or a Corporation. The general wish of the rate- payers is for the former, but the present members of the Local Board evidently consider the rate- payers don't know. what is best for them and are going to make the attempt of forcing matters. The probability is, however, that they will not succeed as there is an organised opposition.

At a meeting in Liscard last week there was an interesting discussion on that most perplexing of subjects "Woman." What made it more perplexing to some of the speakers was that their wives were present and they seemed afraid to speak out. One spniker said he thought woman was quite equal to man and she should become a barrister or a doctor. Another said he thought she was more of a " help- meet "than an "equal." Another very naively said he thought they were wasting their time, as whatever they said women would have their own way. However the general opinion of the meeting was that" Women should have fall scope to com- pete with men in all branches." In Liverpool a good many young ladies are now employed in offices as clerks and typewriters and they appear to be all the brighter for their labors, as well as richer.

The fares of the Mersey tunnel have been re- duced. If people have time they prefer to use the ferry boats between Liverpool and Birkenhead, rather than use the tunnel. It is so offensive with foul air that some passengers declare they won't go in it again. The Birkenhead ferry receipts have certainly increased this 'mit twelve months, prov- ing that passengers are quite prepared to lose a little time so that they may get fresh air.

• H. BURROWS (Who has been in the employ of Mrs. Preston, Butcher for the past 19 years) • BEGS TO ANNOUNCE THAT HE WILL OPEN THE SHOP JOUTTERMATiKET-ST., AIMINGTON, As a FIRST-CLASS BUTCHER'S SHOP With a Fine Selection of , D./12` ENGLISH DEFT. NI CTITYN, •!: C.,

===== 0002601_18941103_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN IMPROVEMENT COMMISSIONERS.

Mr. Samuel Taylor presided over the monthly meeting of the above Board on Thursday morning in the Town Hall, Runcorn. There were also present Messrs. Philip,Speakman C.C., William Handley, H. J. Grice, D. Bisbrown, W. Leach, E. Imison,William Hankinson, J. Pritchard, Walter Collier, R. Abel, J. W. Lightburn, T. Lea, J. Meadowcroft, F. A. Lake, law clerk; E. Marshall, secretary; and M. Barker, surveyor.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
MEDICAL OFFICER'S REPORT.

Dr. McDougall reported that during the past mcnth 31 deaths had been registered, three of which were the subjects of coroner's inquiries. The 28 deaths showed a death rate of 16 8, but incluning the three inquest cases, the rate was 18.6 per thousand of the estimated population. In the corresponding month of last year 39 deaths had been registered.—The report was adopted. Mr. Handley remarking that he thought it very satis- factory.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
HIGHWAYS AND BUILDINGS COMMITTEE.

The recommendations of this Committee were "that curbs and channels be laid down in Windmill-st. as far as the property of the Runcorn Co-operative Society ex- tends in that street ; that the footway on the east side of Station-road be flagged; that the tender of Messrs W. Rose and Co. ,of Manchester, for the supply of 100 yards of hose at is. 2d. per yard, and of five pairs of screw couplings at 93. per pair, be accepted; that the offer of Mr. W. Wallace Copland to give up a strip of land in Halton-road required for the widening of the road con- taining about 42 yards on the following terms, be accepted, viz :—The Board to pay the sum of ten guineas for such land ; to re-erect the wall,coping,piers, gate and railing on the proposed line, to be re-painted with three coats in oil; to flag the footway on the road- side of the fence. It is further recommended that the works as recited be executed." That plans of certain improvements to back premises belonging to Mr. John Poole in Cavendish-st., and to Mr. Arthur Hough, in Church-st., be approved.—The Chairman proposed, Mr. Bisbrown seconded, and the minutes were passed.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
HEALTH COMMITTEE.

The Committee recommended that notices be served upon owners of certain property situated in Waterloo- road, Wilson's-row, and Nelson-street, to abate existing nuisances, and in the event of non-compliance with such notices, that proceedings be taken. Also that plans for the abatement of nuisances submitted by the trustees of the Ellesmere-street Chapel, the trustees of the St. Luke's School, and the Executors of the late P. Royle., be approved, the latter being subject to certain additions. Cn the proposition of Mr. Imison, seconded by Mr. Grice the minutes were adopted.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MARKETS COMMITTEE.

The Markets Committee recommended that the tender of Mr. F. Blyth to supply unitorm clothing for the market superintendent for the sum of four guineas be accepted, Mr. Hankinson and Mr. Lee seconded the adoption of the minutes which were carried.

FINANCE COMMITTEE. This committee recommended that the salary of Mr. Walter Jones be fixed at the rate of £l2O a year, to date from Ist November, 1894 ; and that £7O of such salary be charged on the general fund and £5O on the water fund. That the bills of costs of Messrs. Baker, Lees and Postlethwaite and the law clerk in connection with the Manchester Ship Canal Bill, 1894, be taxed. The committee is of opinion that there is no need to be repre- sented on taxation. Mr.Handley moved the acceptance of the minutes and reports.—Mr. Hankinson seconded.— In answer to Mr. Walter Collier, the Chairman stated that, with reference tc the proposal to increase Mr. Jones' salary, the reason why the salary was paid cut of the two funds was that Mr. Jones gave a portion of his time to another part of the establishment. His time was not wholly taken up by the water office, and that was the reason why the two funds bore the salary.— Mr. Bisbrown objected to increasing Mr. Jones's salary on the grounds that the Board was almost at the end of their tether, and that they were all passing through a season of depression. The time he thought, was very inopportune to make advances in salaries. It might be advisable for adr.Jones to postpone his application until the formation of the District Council.—Mr. Speakman said that the Board, six months ago, asked Mr. Jones to defer his application for an advance of salary and pro- mised that they would grant it. The amount of the advance they did not then state, of course, and the Board would only be fulfilling that promise if they now accepted the recommendation of the committee. The amount was not excessive for a man at the age of Mr. Jones, and possessing the same capabilities.—Mr. Meadowcroft after remarking that Mr. Jones was deserv- ing of the advance on account of the able way in which he had discharged his duties, said that the water works had come out for the past twelve months in a very satisfactory condition. He had intended to make a statement of the financial position of the water works, but had subsequently decided to postpone it for the next meeting. When that time came, however, he was quite sure that the Board would be more than satisfied at the result of the committee's operations during the past twelve months.—The Chairman agreed with the remarks of Mr. Meadowcroft and the other members with regard to the worth of Mr. Jones, and added that he thought Mr. MeaCowcroft might make a statement of the water works condition for the information of the ratepayers.—Mr. Collier thoroughly agreed with the advance, as also did other members. —Being pressed to make a statement with regard to the condition of the Waterworks Mr. Meadowcroft said he had not the in- formation at hand for anything but a short one. He I could, however, say brea-dly that in addition to meeting all expenses they had put aside over £5OO. (Hear, hear.) It must not be forgotten that they had paid £lOO more for coal on acco.unt of the coal strike, and were still paying more than the standard price was before the strike. But notwithstanding all such draw- backs they had still a small balance. (Hear, hear.)— The Chairman thought that the ratepayers ought to feel very gratified at the result of the year-'s working,.—The minutes were subsequently passed, Messrs. Bisbrown and Lea being the only objectors. THE LOCAL GOVERNMENT ACT, 1894.

The Chairman announced that an Order of the Local Government Board had been received prescribing rules for the election of Urißan District Councillors for the present year.—lt was suggested that a public meeting should be called for the purpose of explaining the work- ing of the Local Government Act, 1894,f0r the benefit of the electors. Nothing of a deftite nature, however, was decided.

CONGRATULATING SIR JOHN RIGBY.

The Board unanimously decided on the proposition of Mr. Speakman, seconded by the Chairman to forward the following resolution of congratulation to Sir John Rigby :—We,the Runcorn Improvement Commissioners, in meeting assembled take the opportunity of congratu- lating you on the high distinction that has been con- ferred up.n you as a Lord Justice of Appeal, and we, as your neighbours for so many years, express the great pleasure it has given us that one of our number has risen to such distinction. We trust that your life may he spared to enjoy and fulfil the public duties in the future as you have done in the past. given under our Common Seal, Mr. Samuel Taylor, chairman; Mr. E. Marshall, secretary.—Sir John Rigby.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
THE COMMISSIONERS AND THE COMING ELECTIONS.

Mr. E. Imison drew attention to a paragraph which had appeared in the local press having reference to the selection of candidates for the coming election of the District Council. He should like to know if the reports could be described as accurate. It appeared to him to have been a foolish policy on the part of those seeking election on the Council to meet and select for themselves the wards they wished to. represent. The ratepayers felt that it was tor them to decide and pick for them- selves those whom they wished to represent them rather than that the retiring Commissioners should do it for them. He personally, discountenanced such a proceed- ing.—Mr. Lightburn said he had not heard of any such meeting being convened as also did Mr. Grice and others. —The Chairman at length explained that the meeting was very informal indeed. The matter was simply spoken about among those who were present, and some said that they were prepared to contest such and such a ward and other members made similar declarations. But it was more the nature of a conversation than any- thing else, and he thought that more had been made out of it than was necessary.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
HAYDOCK LOCAL BOARD.

The monthly meeting of this Board was held at the offices, Haydock on Thursday morning. Mr. W. Balharry presided. and there were present Messrs. Jackson, Pilling, Turton, Cunliffe, and the Clerk (Mr. Thompson).

===== 0002601_18941103_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTION OF GUARDIANS AND COUNCILLORS.

The Clerk said ho had received a communication from the Local Government Board prescribing the rules for the election of Guardians for the coming year. The election of Guardians and rural district councillors would he taken. together, and the returning officer for the Guardians would be the same for both.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
INFECTIOUS DISEASES

The Clerk said there had been several Cases of infec- tious diseases in Haydock Old-lane. He had had several complaints from the residents, and the smell was very had. It was decided that a comnsittc,e c-msisting of Messrs. Pillin, Turton, Jackson, Cunliffe and the Clerk should go over the district and report.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
AUDIT.

The Clerk said the adjourned audit had been held, and the county auditor exnressed himself as very well satis- fied with the accounts.

THE RESERVOIR.

-The Clerk reported that he had examined the reser- voir, and had found four serious cracks in it, and it was decided that the same Committee should go over and inspect and report.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
THE DISTRICT COUNCILS.

Mr. Jackson said he had seen several parties since last meeting about the new district Councils, and the advis- ability of taking some steps towards affecting a com- promise for the ensuing elections. He thought it would be a very good plan if they to.k some steps. He pro- posed that they ask the Chairman to have a meeting of the ratepayers in the Colliery Schools on Tuesday, the 20th November, for the purpose of discussing the elec-. tim, and try to avoid a contest.—Mr. Pi !ling seconded, it was ard40. - This was all the business.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

The usual fortnightly meeting of this Board was held in the Board room of the Workhouse on Wed- nesday morning. Mr. W. Houghton presided, and there were also present Rev. G. F. Roberts, Dr. Patterson, Messrs. W.Gill,E. Auckland, W. Balharry, J. Clarke, Wm. Fairclough, Davies, Pilling, H. Hib- bert, J. Hill, J. Turton, W. J. Shaw, Thos. Smith, J. Ilatton, A. Jolley, A. J. Jolley, John Kilshaw, H. J Longtou, T. Mather, R. Owen, junr., G. Ratcliffe, J C. Sutton (clerk), S. Sutton (assistant clerk), C. H. Ward (workhouse master), and H.M. Mines (super- intendent of Palgate Schools).

A NURSE- LEAVES V., ITEIOUT NOTICE.

It was stated in the House Committee's minutes that Nurse Lobley had refused to perform night work and take her turn with the other nurses. The committee recommended that if she persisted in her refusal she should receive her notice. The Workhouse Master's re- port book stated that Nurse Lobley would not take her turn with the nurses in night duty. When the time arrived for her to go on night duty she refused and she was then told that she would be dismissed. She asked to be allowed to go home at once, and permission was granted. She awn packed np her belongings and left the house. The matron had since been in communica- tion with the Northern Nurses Association with the view of obtaining another nurse. The Clerk read a letter h, lad received from Miss Lobley asking for the wages due and also a testimonial. She stated that if they knc w the case thoroughly they would find that night duty was not the only cause for her refusal to do such work. The Clerk stated that he impressed upon her the duty of giving one month's notice the previous Fri- day when the matter came before the House Committee. —Mr. Davies said, as far as his opinion went, Instead of giving her a month's wages she should have given the Guardians a month's wages. A more shabby way of leaving he had not experienced.—Mr. Longton stated that she was not straightforward in her letter when she said there was another grievance and yet did not state that grievance. He moved that the question of a testi- monial be left in the hands of the House Committee.— The motion was carriel—lt was mentioned by the Clerk that the Matron had been in communication with a per- son who had been nurse at Bangor workhouse. Miss Ward would go and see her and if she seemed suitable she would come on duty at once.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
GIFTS.

It was reported that Miss Green, of the Railway Mis- sion, attended the House with a quantity of flowers and distributed them herself. A eift of periodicals was acknowledged from Mr. Iddon, 59, Lovely-lane.

INCREASING THE SALARIES.

The CHAIRMAN (Mr. Houghton) moved—" That in consideration of the near approach of an election of the whole Board under new conditions, the several applica- tions for increase of salaries be referred to the new Board except in the case of the application by Nurse Smale, and that her salary be increased by £2 103. per annum, according to the understanding with her upon her appointment." He said he thought it would be a very wrong thing for that expiring Board U. commit itself by increasing the salaries of officials because they would be permanent charges. The Board would soon be entirely differently constituted, and also in view of the probable reduction in the rateable value of the township he thought the question of salaries would be better dealt with by the new Board. If they lost the townships which had been proposed it would be a very serious thing for the Board, as the burden of expenses would come more on the part of the Union which was left. Ile could hardly forbear from saying that in his opinion their officers belonging to the Union were well paid. There might be a little readjustment necessary but:he considered they were well paid. The ratepayers, he believed, were never in such a had condition to pay the rat9s. Farmers had no sale for their :produce, and what little was being done by manufacturers was in a half-hearted way. It Was the same with commercial reen.—Mr. Hill seconded the resolution.—Mr. Longton moved an amendment that the Board proceed with the consideration of the applica- tions on their men's. He said that was only a respect- able and fair way of dealing with one's servants.—Mr. A. J. Jolley seconded the amendment. No reason, he said, Lad been given him why consideration of the appli- cations should not be given.—Mr. Ratcliffe asked whether they were under an agreement to increase the salaries.—The Chairman said he did not think there was any understanding that the salaries should be increased. —The Clerk said that looking at six or seven advertise- ments for nurses, the lowest salary was £3O a year. That Union paid £3O, but they commenced them at a lower figure, leading them to believe that if they performed their duties satisfactory they would receive an increase of salary. That was so in the case of Nurse Smale. In the other cases the officers expected to get something like their predecessors.—Mr. PILLING referred to the resolution he had given that the salaiv of Mr. Aukland, relieving offieer, be increased from £95 to £lO5. When Mr. Aukland was engaged he was given to understand that the vaccination fees would amount to £5, in addition to his salary of £95 a year as relieving officer. Toe vaccination fees had only amounted to £3. During the time he had been with them he ha l done a great deal of work and had saved the Guardians some- thing like £l5 a year.—Mr. OWEN wished to know whether it was correct that the Guardians had held out sonsething to Mr. Aulcland which he had not received.— The CLERK said Mr. Aukland was given to understand that the vaccination fees would amount to £5 per year, whereas they only amounted to a little over £3. On Mr. Longton's amendment being put to the vote it was carried by 14 voto3 to 9. 'X The applications for increasebf salaries were then dealt with. Mr. PILLING moved his resolution that Mr. Aukland's salary be increase I from £95 to £lO2, in addi- tion to the fees as vaccination officer. Mr. AUKLAND in his apnlication stated that he had effected a saving of £43 12s. 4d. during the past twelve months, in the dis- tribution of relief. He also referred to the fact that the vaccination fees would *come less owing to the Ship Canal people leaving the district.—Mr. HIBBERT seconded Mr. Pilling's resolution.—Mr. LONGTON moved an amend- ment that the salary he fixed at £lOO in ado.ition to the vaccination fees.—Mr. CLARKE seconded.—Mr. W. J. Slia.w and Mr. Gill supported the original motion.—Mr. Longton with the consent of Mr. Clarke withdrew his amendment and Mr. Pilling's motion was agreed to.— Mr. DAVIES moved that the master and matron each receive an increase of £5 in their salaries. making £l2O ler the workhouse master and £6O to the matron. He spoke of the efficient way they discharged their duties, and stated that the increase of salary would only make it the same as their predecessors.—Mr. SHAW seconded. —Mr. K. OWEN moved that the salaries remain as they were.—Mr. HILL seconded.—Mr. GILL stated that on the last occasion when the application was considered he opposed it, and he still thought that tile salaries Mr. and Mrs. Ward received were very good ones. The state of trade was worse now than it was last year and it was hardly the time for raising salaries. The Master had a clerk to assist him at £5O a year, and his predecessor had not, and there were now no schools to look after. When they took into consideration that everything was provided with the exception of clothing, and that there was a salary of £l7O per year between the master and matron he thought they were doing very well and the applica- tion might very well stand over for some other time. The amendment was carried by 12 votes to 10.—Mr. A. J. JOLLEY moved a further resolution that the Matron receive an increase of £5. Mr. RATCLIFFE seconded.— Mr. OWEN moved an amendment that no increase of salary be granted. Mr. LONGTON saconded .—On being pet to the meeting Mr. Jolley's motion was carried by 12 votes to Io.—The Board also increased the salaries of Miss Curry, portess 103., making £3O per year, and Mr. Brobbins, eneine tenter was granted an increase of 21. per week in his wages, making 325. per week. Nurse Smale's salary was increased by £2 103. per year and MeMines' salary as bandmaster was increased from £lO to £l3.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
A LETTER FROM A VISITOR.

• Mr. W. Hough, of Knutsford, a Guardian in the Altrincham division, wrote to the Chairman thanking him for the kindness shown to him in allowing him the privilege of inspecting their workhouse, and also allow- ing him to sit in the boardroom whilst transecting their usual business. Thorn was much to admire but there was one thing he did not admire and that was their Boardroom. It appeared to him as a visitor that in the event of a full attendance of members it would not add to their comfort or health, more especially in hot weather. Surely the ratepayers would not begrudge them a comfortable and healthy room in which to transact the huginess of the Union seeing that the Guardians gave their time and service free. He also referred in felicitons: terms to the matron of the house and he was pleased to see the juvenile ap- nearance of their respected clerk (Mr. Sutton) having known him for over a quarter of a century. In con- clusion he stated that he thought a visit of that dis- cription tended to good feeling and assisted each other in their variols duties as Guardians of the poor.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION.

WARRINGTON AND)SISTRIC r AMATEUR LEAGUE.

FIR,3T DIvISION. Results:up to Saturday last

Goals

Played Won Lost Drawn V-oz:-Xgt Pti liarnton Albion Narlestown Victoria *Newton-le-Willows Parr Victoria 9 2 2 ... 1 ... 5 -.11 ... 5 Etrnworth C.E.T.S. Widnes Parish Church Penketh Orford Crescent

*Newton-le-Willows have had two points deducted for play- ing an ineligible man.

SECOND DIVISION. *Newton-le-Willows It Whines Parish Church R Bank-st. Mission 8 4 3 ... 1 ...28 ...21 ... 9 L. & N.W. Albion Sutton 'Victoria IL St. Elohin's R Penketh R 6 . 2 ... 4 ... 0 ...16 ...28 ... 4 Winwick St. Oswads Warrington St. Mary's Orford 8 1,1 ... 7 ... 0 ...12 ...41 ... 2 Peter Walker and Sons 5 . 0 .. 5 ... 0 ... ....33 0 Ittve t th'cillefr.`d

Obbertianunts not Ciasslittb.

ARGEST SALE OF FURNITURE MANCHESTER EVER SAW.

_OlO,OOO worth of NEW and SECOND-HAND or.v FURNITURE, Carpets, Linoleums, and Oilcloths. Bedste‘ds and Bedding of every description to be cleared and now on view and being sold at

GOLDSTONE & SONS,

115 and 117, OXFORD-STREET (Opposite Adl Saints' Church), MANCHESTER.

In consequence of the great. increase in our business during the last six months, which necessitates us enlarging our showroom, ttc., we have lecidel to make extensive altera- tions, and as we are to have the premises ready for the builders within the next few weeks, the remaining portion of our Large and Valuable New and Second-hand Stock is now being offered at ridicul )usly low prices.

TO EFFECT A SPEEDY CLEARANCE NO REASONABLE OFFER WILL BE REFUSED. RAILWAY FARE PAID TO COUNTRY CUSTOMERS. ALL GOODS DELIVE.tED FREE ANY DISTANCE. CATALOGUES FREE.

Among other impDrtaqt it.e7ns aiti cheap lots are the fol-

lowing,—

Four SADDLIi-BAG SUITES, extra strong and highly finish-d, all on castors, at £7 153 each.

Two ditto. ditto, stuffed backs, £9 15s each. Three DRA.WING-ROOM SUITES. one in red, one in green, one in maroon, highpile, embossed Utre2ht velvet, solid MO- nut frames. 9 pieces. £7 17s 6d and £6 15s each. Five Solid Oak SUITES, Manchester make. in leather, ex- tra strong, £6 10s, £5 10s, and £4 15s e‘ch.

One M ignificent Louis XV. DRA.WING-ROOM SUITE, in rich'ana beautifully-designed tapestry, is sold in Deansgato at £33, our price 23 guineas ; another at 27 guineas. Highest class goods and lAA workmanship guarnteed. Two CIZIPPENDALE SUITES, £l5 lOs each. A Larg. Number of ODD EASY CHAIRS. COUCHES, SOFAS, and SMALL CHAIRS, to be had cheap. About 20 HALL STANDS, in oak, walnut, mahogany, &c.. from 25s to £6 153 ; several HALL CHAIRS, to match, from 12s 6d.

Three Handsome Second-Sand DINING-ROOlt SUITES, in real morocco, leather, solid walnut, oak and mahogany panels. £l3 135., £l5 155., £l2 12g. respectively. Cost double the money. G as new. A number of Soiled PARLOUR SUITES from £3 15s.

One Massive BEDROOM SUITE, beautifully carved and decorate I : original price is £35, our price only £35 10s. One Second-hvid 4ft. SUITE, similar to the above, for £2l. Another, Walnut and /till, 12 guineas. Rare value. One Second-hand 4ft, BEDROOM SUITE, cost £l5, solid walnut, enclosed tables, for £l7 103., in first-class conctition. Ten Bedroom SUITES, various, new and second-hand, including wardrobe, pair of tables, chairs, towel rail, &c., at £3 173. 6d. and upwards. Nine DINING TABLES, fitted with patent screw and ex- tension leaves, on massive c trved legs and strong castors, at 27s 6d, 555, 70s, to £5 be ; mahogany, &c.

Fifteen small CHEFFONNIE-R- SIDEBOAfIDS, bevelled silver-plated glass, fitted with drawers, cur.boards. cellarettes, &c., highly polished and neatly finished, at 2,3, 4, and 5 guineas each ; larger at £7 to £lO.

One b .autiful Pollard Oak SIDEBOARD, 6ft. long, about lift, high. £2310s ; and a similar one, cylinder front, walnut, for £l7 10s.

Seven sft. Wa:nut, Oak, and Mahogany, at half the usual price, 1.e.. from £6 176 6d.

Four DRAWING-ROOM CABINETS, at £3 3s each, N.B.—Our NEW STOCK of BEDSTEADS and BEDDING is the finest and most varied in Manchester, and the BEST QUALM' GOODS at the MOST MODERATE, 'PRICES will always be tound in this department. All bedding made on the premises. Wool Mattresses, 17s 65 ; Wool Beds, lOs 6d; Hair Mattresses, ,37s 6d ; Feather eels, 37s Od ; Feather Pillows, 2s lid ; Wire Mattresses, 9s 65 ; Brass-rail Bed- steals, lOs 6d - Strong Iron Bedsteads, 8s 6t; All-brass Bedsteads, £5 5s ; Persian Bedsteads, £1 2s to £lB lOs. All guaranteed. Leather Sofas and Couches, 18s 65, 21s, &a. Easy Chairs, 16s 65, 18s 65. 255, 3:c. Solid 111.shoz,my Hair- seating Couches and Sofas, 2s. £2 17s 6d, £3 10s. Easy Chaise, 21s 6d. 355. &c. Patent Bolted-back Chairs ta match, 6s lid, 7s 95, lOs 6d, &c.

Four Complete HOUSES of FURNITURE complete for £l5, £22, £3O, £36. Worth double the money. Write fior particulars.

GOLDSTONE & SONS, 115 and 117, OXFORD-STREET, opposite All Saints'

Church, MANCH Trans from Exchange and Piccadilly every few minutes.

AN'ESLEYAN FOREIGN MISSIONS.—RUNCORN BRANCH. On SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 11TH, 1894, TWO SERMONS will be preached in St. Paul's Chapel by the Rev. GEO. PA.TTERSON (late of Madras). 3.lrning, 10.30. Fvening, 6 o'clock. The ANNUAL MEETING will be held on MONDAY, NOV. 12th. Addresses by the Rev. GEO. PATTERSON and the Rev. HENRY BONE, of Liverpool. Chair to be taken at 6.45 by S. TAYLOR, Esq., J.P. Collections at each Service for Wesleyan Foreign Missions.

ITIND. happy HONIE OFFERED INFANT; amy age; IX. terms moderate.—Address H., 10, IVoodland-road, Walton, Liverpool.

910 BN DIS I'OSED OF', an old-established Greengrocer's SHOP, 72, Cout.ty Road, Walton, Liverpool. Price £5O; goodwill ; fixtures good reason for leaving,—THOMAS CORNWELL, 72, County Road, Walton, Liverpool.

waNgoT Dod e,haSrlaTeUteAr T. rgeN27svCeaOrAs ChHe:ltt76ftsingilne:hasninclglie.; —W. TOTTY, Park View, Eccles, Manchester.

T)ECIPES.—Starch enamel for glazing linen like china, Jll., easily made, no chemicals, 6 stamps. Curry, 56 Cathrine-terrace, Llanelly.

475 BOOKS, best authors, Irish works, rare biography, history, philosophy. poetry, religious, travels, novels, miseellane ,us. autograph letters, clean, cheap, list free.-5, St. Kilda's-road, London, N.

sp ARE SINGLE STAMPS WANTED, especially old colo- nial and European. Very high prices given for these, can so:netirnes pay 25-50 per cent. over cAtalogue price.— W. H. PEcKirr, 4W, Strand, W.C. (opposite Charing Cross Station).

WANTED in GENTLEMAN'S family near Warrington SITUATION as housemaid wily where under is kept or assistance given ; age 27 ; wages £2l ; please address M. 8., Mostyn, 1, Mersey-rd., Aigburth, Liverpool.

QOD zyITUATIONS waiting for General Servants and 5 others.—Miss DALTRY, Agent, 8, St. Peter's-street, Oldham.

TIOLDING SCREENS, re idy for scrapping, painting on, or immediate use, from Bs. 6d., carriage paid. Lists.— JOHN JAcKsos, Poulton-le-Fyide, Lancashire.

MANUFACTURERS' Remnants in Stuffs, Calicioes,-Cash- mereq, Velvets, Flannels, &c. ; 10Ibs bundles; cheap; price list free.—W. CLARKSON, merchant, 41, Swain-street, Bradford.

-E.EEcti HOUSE SCHOOL for GIRLS, Heaton 1-3 Chapel near Manchester.—Miss MELLon, (University Certificated) has vacancies for 2 or 3 more boarders. Terms lerate. Governess-student required.

WANTED by a respectable person, LITTLE GIRL, from five to seven yeirs old to adopt in the plae of one that d ed. The highest references it required.—Mrs. HARRIS, 23, Youen-st., Lower Broughton, Manchester.

yOUNG PERSON WANTED to act as general in family of lour, may be taught dressmaking in return for services orreceive wages; must be quick, clean and obliging.—Apply Mrs. W., 25, Victoria-road, Early, near Skipton.

L'vERPOOL CUP.—Liverpool Steward's Cup Mr. S. FAWCETT knows of two horses that cannot be beaten for abovp. One specially kept. Both Selections. P 0. Is., and promie odds to Is. each —Apply by letter. S. FAwcErr, 98, Kirkdale-road, Liverpool,

TIAPTIST CHAPEL. GOLBORNE-STREET, WARRINGI ON.

On SUNDAY NEXT. NOVEMBER 4TH. the Pastor (Rev. D. W. Roberts) will preach SPECIAL SERMONS on the occasion of his Second Anniversary.—Services 10-30 and 6-30. Eveaing subject "The Gospel to the poor."—SPECIAL sing- ing by ihe CHOIR. All seats free. All are welcome.

FllO BE LET.—Those three commodious DWELLING- 1.. HOUSES, situate in Wargrave-road, Earlestown, near Newtown-le-Willows, comprising, parlour, kitchen, back kitchens, two pantrys, wash-house, coal-house, and good yard, also three large bedrooms and bathroom, with hot and cold water system extended from bath to kitchens. excellant gas fittings and every convenience ; rent 7s. per week clear. also that recently-erected c immodious DWELLING-HOUSE and SHOP situate in Wargrave-road, Earlestown, compris- ing large two-windowed shop, ~itting room, kitchens, pantry and collar under stairs, three large bedrooms and bathroom, hot and colt.' water system extended from bath to kitchens, al,o a private entrance to house, To Be Let at a yearly rental of £24.—Apply it JONES, 6, Bridge st., liarlestown, Lanca- shire.

Probate has been granted of the will of the late Mr. Charles Edward Lees, of Werneth Park, Oldham, the personal estate being sworn at £852,6854. sd. gross,and 2,849,428 124. id. net. Over 4,000 tinplate workers in the Llanelly district have received notice of a reduction of 25 per cent, in their vra ges. _ _ _

At Lee .)n Thursday, a local solicitor named E. T. Barker, was enmmitted for trial on a charge of misap- propriating £960, the moneys of a client.

REMARKABLE DISAPPEARANCE Of all from everything by using HUDS9N'S So, a Fine Pow, in Packets. REWARD ! Health, Purity, Perfect Sat.sfactiOn, by its re- gular daily use. (3

EARLESTOWN HARRIERS. The cross-country season began with the first week of October's chilly winds. Last Saturday the Earlestown Harriers journeyed to Pres:cot with good confidence and were not disappointed. A splendid cross-country run o about fire miles, past Eccles- ton Church, demonstrated the superiority of the " Griffins "hy xits, au 1 vied last season'3 ut ierescot.

-0

,•„

•Il

I

MEM

===== 0002601_18941103_art0120.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
f

===== 0002601_18941103_art0121.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
;:

===== 0002601_18941103_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
:

*ift • • 47- - I.

*7l r:i

. -

„ • tt t.• P- ' ”

,

• t • . -

•

===== 0002601_18941103_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
A TIMELY WARNING.

Never trust those who promise too much at a time The patent medicines which pretend to cure "at once," in "a single dose," or in "ten minutes," convince us that they are unnatural in their operation, and that, therefore, either the promise made is a false one, or that the remedy is worse than the disease. It is not "at once " that a man becomes Consumptive ; it is not "at a single meal" that you acquire Indigestion and Dyspepsia ; it is not in " ten minutes " that your Liver becomes sluggish and out of order. No. These com- plaints and others which might be named are gradual in their hold to release you" at once," " in ten minutes or" at a single dose." As the disease, so its cure. Steady and certain is its approach. Steady and certain should be its retreat. It is in this fact that the secret of the wonderful, the unparalleled success of Gwilym Evans Quinine Bitters lies. It conforms to Nature's laws, adapts itself to Nature's requirements. If the constitution has been slowly, steadiy, and certainly undermined by disease, so it is slowly, steadily, and certainly re-built by this excellent rentedv. It does not pretend to miraculous instantaneous effect cures. If the disease is deep-rooted and of long standing, a sudden and forcible uprooting would do more harm than good, Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters loosen first one hold o the disease on the body, then another and vet another taking away one by one the clammy fingers of disease and replacing them with the warm glowing touch of health and new life, not only removing the disease effectually, but giving New Life with every dose taken. The more recent the disease the more easily removed. Overwork ought to be overpaid. Nature insists upon payment of her first dues. Intense devotion to busi- ness gives the digestive organs only a bare chance to perform their work. Ile who comes in a hurry from active work, rapidly swallows his food and hurries out again, is piling up a debt which nature makes him pay in a painful dyspepsic experience. Gwilym Evans's Quinine Bitters will help you to pay, and the sooner you take it the better. Try this .;reat Natural remedy. Try it now. Recovered Patients say it is an Unfailing Remedy. Everybody says it is the Best Remedy of the Age.

TICE VEGETABLE TONIC. GWILYM EVANS'S QUININE BITTERS.

Sold in Bottles at 1/It-, 219, and 416 each. Beware of Imitations ! See the name of" GWILYII Evass " on Label Stamp and Bottle. SOLE PROPRIETORS : QUININE BITTERS MANUFACTURING CO., LTD., LLANELLI", SOUTH WALES.

CT(DINSY ON FIRE.—For allowing the chimney of his dwelling-house to be on fire William Waring, 6, Tanners- lane was fined is. THE FISH CRYING NUISANCE.—Henry Bridge; Winwick- road, was charged with having on the 20th October un- lawfully cried fish in the Market Place contrary to the bye-laws of the borough. Mr. W. H. Wallington, assist- ant market inspector, stated that on the date named he was passing through the fish market. about a quarter ' past seven when he heard the defendant shouting fish very loudly. He cautioned him three times but he still persisted in shouting.—Mr. Place, market inspector, stated that the defendant had been fined in that court ss. for a similar offence. He pressed. for the full penalty to be imposed. The magistrates fined defendant 103. and Costs. OVERLOADING A HORSE —William Edwards, jun. Vernon-st., Southport, was charged with having on the 24th October unlawfully ill-treated a horse by overload- ing the same.—lnspector Luff, R.S.P.C.A., stated that shortly before three o'clock on the date mentioned he was in Sankey-st. when he saw the defendant in charge of a bay gelding drawing a load of ironwork. The horse stopped almost every three yards and the defend- ant was urging it along by the use a whip. He asked the defendant what was the weight of the load to which he replied 21 tons. The horse was breathing very heavily and sweating excessively. He ordered the defendant to procure an adiitional horse, and on the cart and load being weighed, the weight was found to be three tons al cwts.—P.C. Bruen said he was in com- pany with the last witness at the time stated. The horse was scarcely able to move four yards at a time with the load. A fine of ss. and costs was imposed.

TIIESDAT.—Before Mr. R. Garnett (in the chair) Mr. E. J. Guest, and Dr. T. Starkey Smith. TEMPORARY AUTHORITY.—John William Jones was granted temporary authority to sell at 18 Priestly- street. THEFT OF PIGEONS.—Robert Barratt and Oswald Robins were charged with stealing from the pigeon cote of Thomas Williams 6, Crosfield-street, at seven o'clock on the 27 inst. six pigeons value six shillings. Robins was further charged with stealing from the same place on the 26th inst. one pigeon valued is. property of the same Person. Robert Barratt (1.4) is the son of John Bar- ratt 7,Dudley-street and Oswald Robins (15) is the son of , Isaac Robins, 17 Rornford-street. On Saturday night last the pigeons were safe, but on Sunday morning they were missing and on Monday Mr. Williams the eom- plainant reported the meter to D.S. Monaghan who saw Robins who admitted his guilt and said that he had sold two of the pigeons at Porters' fish shop. From there Monaghan recovered one. He then went to Barratt's laouse and recovered the other four. It also appeared that Barratt had inci'ed Robins to steal the birds.—Mr. Williams deposed that he had never offered to give the pigeons to the prisoners. They were each fined 53. SHOP LlFTlNG.—Margaret Quinn and Ann Macdonald were both charged with stealing from the shop of Jane Gibson, 75, Mersey-street, on Monday. a woman's skirt, value is. Both prisoners pleaded guilty. The evidence shewed that at 2 o'clock on Monday, the defendants went to Mrs. Gibson's shop to sell some clothing, but the complainant would not hay it. Soon after they had gone Mrs. Gibson missed the skirt and reported the mat- ter to DS. Monaghan who arrested the defendants in Buttermarket-street and found the skirt in Quinn's possession. The defendants were each sent to gaol for 14 days' hard labour. POCKET-PlCKlNG.—Bridget Lally and Dennis Kenny, Shio-yard, were charged with stealing from the person of El ward Hughes, 5, Bakehouse-yard, Foundry-street. in the Roebuck Inn. Bridge-street, the sum of 3s. 101. On Monday night the complainant and defendants were in the Roebuck Inn and the complainant going into the yard the femaleprisoner followed him, spoke to him,and then knocking against him, put her hand in his pocket and took the money out. He followed, and caught her, calling out that she had robbed him. The landlord then pushed them out ints the street where the male defend- ant tried to get Lally away. P.C.F. Cooper arrested Lally who offered him 61. to free her. She was taken to the police station. The male defendant was afterwards apprehended and the money produced was found up m him.—Edward Hughes, the complainant, corroborated, and said that he identified the money owing to some peculiar marks upon it. P.C. F. Cooper also gave cor- roborative evidence, sad stated that when charged the prisoners had replied "Not Guilty." Lally was sent to gaol for a month and Kenny was fine 1 103. or 14 days. THURSDAY.—Before Mr. S. Chandley (its the chair), and

Mr. S. Wright:

_ TEMPORARY AUTHORITY.—SamueI Bickerstaffe Small- wood was granted temporary authority to sell in place of Mr. Charles Holland, in Froghall-lane, until the next licensing day. SCHOOL ATTENDANCE CASE3.—Mr. G. Riley (school attendance officer) prosecu!:ed in the following crig.q of persons summoned for the irregular atten lance of their children at school J.,hn Flanna.qhan, lihoureir, Hop- wood-a?'., 2s. 61.; Peter Hankey, 24, School Brow, 55.; John Mather, Foundry-st— ss. ; Samuel Wells, forgeman, Howard-st., boy ordered to attend St. Barnabas school, ss.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

STEALING A MAN'S BOOTS WHILE HE SLEPT. At the Borough Court, on Tuesday morning, Catherine Fallon, Dolman's-lane, Mary Nottingham, Bakehouse- yard, Ellen Price, Bostock-st. and John Brown, Bos- tock-st., were all charged with stealing from the person of Thomas Jones, while in 3, Bakehouse-yard on Mon- day afternoon, a pair of boots value 7s. his property, or receiving the same knowing them to have been stolen. All the prisoners pleaded not guilty.—Mr. Hunt stated that Thomas Jones, the complainant, was a labourer on the Ship Canal, and resided in Barry-street, Latchford. John Bro-.vn, or" Nobby " Brown, works on the canal with Jones. On the day named Jones went to 3, Bake- house-yard, where Nottingham lives and sent for some beer. About five o'clock the complainant !ell asleep and was awakened by somebody trying to force a pair of slippers on his feet. The four plisoners were all stand- ing round but he could not tell which it was who was doing so. His boots were gone, and Brown told him they were pledged and that the pawnticket was in his (Jones') pocket. Jones on looking found that there was a ticket in his pocket.—Thomas Jones, the complainant, stated that at the time these things took place he was under the influence of drink. He corroborated Mr. Hnnt's statement.—An assistant at Morton's pawnshop stated that Fallon had pawned the boots at their shop and said that John Brown had sent her. Price was with her.—D.S. Monaghan stated that at six p.m. on Monday the complainant came to the police station in his stockings and lodged a complaint about the theft. He accordingly went to Bakehouse-yard and brougnt the prisoners to the police court. All the prisoners had had drink purchased with the money got for the boots.—The magistrates inflicted a penalty of 53. or seven days in each case.

MINOR CASES. WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT. FRlDAY.—Before Alderman Harrison (chairman), Councillor H. Roberts, Dr. Gornall, and Mr. S. Wright. AN ADSOURNED CASE OF CRUELTY TO CHILDREN.—The adjourned case against John Knight and Katherine Knight was again brought before the magistrates. In- spector McAteer stated that he had visited the defend- ants house and found a great improvement in the condi- tion of the house and the children. Be, therefore,wished to withdraw the case against the defendants. BREACH OF THE FACTORY ACT.—MeSSFS. John Walker and Co., Bewsey-st., were summoned at the instance of the Inspector of Factories with having OD the 21st Sept. employed two women named Mary Jane Hankinson and Margaret Jarvis, without having sent the prescribed notice at the prescribed time. Mr. Percy Davies, solici- tor, appeared on behalf of the defendants. Mr. Rogers, H.M. Inspector of Factories, after .explaining the Acts under which the action was taken, said that on the 21st September, Mr. A. Newlands, factory inspector, visited the defendant's printing works at about 10.5 pm. He found two women who were just ceasing work. They had been at work from eight o'clock the same morning. No notice was sent up until the following day whereas it should have been sent at eight o'clock the same night. As would be seen from the postmark the notice was posted the following day. It was found desirable to insist that notice must be sent the same night before the over- time occurred. The defendants were liable to a penalty of £5 in each ease. Mr. A. Newlands gave corroborative evidence as to visiting the works at the time stated. For the defence Mr. Davies stated that it was a mere techni- cal offence. It had been correctly stated that any person who intended to work persons overtime should send notice of such intention to the Inspector of Factories. On the date named the man whose duty it was to send the notices in, failed to do so at the proper time. The Manager (Mr. Bond) would now see that the notice was sent at the proper time. A fine of ss. and costs in the first case and the costs in the second case was imposed SATURDAY.—Before Mr. J. Burgess (chairman) and Mr. S. Wright. A SOLDIER IN TROUBLE.—Thomag Hopkins was charged on a warrant with haying failed to apnear on a summons for obstructing the footpath in Winwick-street on the 17th June and he was further charged with frau-. dulently enlisting in the Royal Lancaster Regiment Prisoner was remanded till Tuesday. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—R,b,rt Fitzgerald was charged with being drunk in Knutsforcl-road, on Friday night. He stated that he had come from the Saracen's Head, Stockton Heath and that he had only had four glasses of whiskey." P.C. Clough deposed to apprehend- ing him. Defendant was fined ss. and costs or seven days —Harry Macmillan was fined a like amount for being drunk and disorderly in Market-street on Friday afternoon. Defendant (who had a decidedly Yankee cut) stated that be had only just arrived from America and hoped to be able to return on Tuesday as he had a return ticket. The magistrates however thought that a little longer sojourn in England would do him no harm so he was accordingly dealt with as above. 6i. was the sum totp.l of his possessions. WILFUL WINDOW BRFAICING.—Micha.eI Moran, 70 Pierpoint-St., was charged with haying on the 20th inst. wilfully damaged the window of a house, the property of Mr.lsherwaod.—Mr. Longton, solicitor, appeared to prosecute and he stated that on "a' Saturday morning previous at 11 o'clock the defendant wilfully broke the windows of a house of which he was the tenant, aith brick. He then left Warrington for some reason un- known and was brought hack on a warrant. In the ;meantime friends of the prisoner had partly repaired the windnws reducing the amount of damage from 30-s. to 53.—Sarah McCoy deposed to seeing defendant break the windowa.—Mr. liohert Isherwood, the comnlainant corroborated his solicitor's statement and stated that he had seen the window of which the frame work had also been broken. Prisoner was fined.s3. and costs or seven days (£1 93. in all). MONDAY.—Before Mr. F. Monks (chairman), Messrs. J. W. Hayward and S. Wright. DESERTING HIS FAMlLY.—Williatn Henry Talbot, labourer, last from Salford, was charged with running away from the borough of Warrington leaving his wife and child chargeable to the common funds of the War- rington Union. Mr. Shearer stated that the prisoner's wife applied for relief for herself and child on the 20th July. The prisoner worked in the neighbourhood of Warrington on the Ship Canal until some time ago, and he married whilst in Warrington. He (Mr. Shearer) did not hear until the previous week that the prisoner was in the habit of visiting Warrington at the week end. He informed the police, and the man was apprehended on Saturday. He was instructed to press the ease because he was afraid that the husband and wife were conniving together to make a tool of the Guardians. The prisoner's wife and child had cost them over £7 and the prisoner had been working all the time. They had too many cases of this stamp. The magistrates com- mitted him to gaol for two months hard labour. DRUNRENNFSS.—For this offence the following were dealt with : John Baeuler. hawker, 6, Mill-street; Thos. Daley, groom, Wash-lane, ss. and costs ;Margaret Beatty, tramp, last from Manchester. 10s. and casts; Thomas Galvin, labourer, 10, Friar's Green, ss. and costs.

F""' SEALSKIN JACKETS AND FUR of every description CLEANED or RE-DYED and ALTERED. FUR SKINS dressed and made up into rugs Ac.—B C 0010:. Manufacturing Furrier, 11. Upper Newing- on, and 21, Renshaw-street, Liverpool. Established 20 ears.

BIRDS, ANIMALS AND FISH STUFFED, and mounted in Glass 01°03 of any design. HEADS and HORNS mounted also for Sale. Birds made into Hand Screens or Fire Sereenc. Dealer in British and Foreign Birds nd Animals' Skint, Glass Shades. Stags' Heads. Cabinets ore Bores, Nets, .k.l for Butt?rtly and Rgg Collecors, LB. Como:, Naturalist and, Furrier, 21, Renshaw-street, iverpool

===== 0002601_18941103_art0125.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_ ,

===== 0002601_18941103_art0126.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
'

===== 0002601_18941103_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON PETTY SESSIONS.

FIRST COURT.

SATURDAY.—Sefore Gillespie (in the chair), Mr. R. Stone, and Colonel J. L. Wood. .

DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.— Peer Owen was charged with being drunk on the highway at Newton, on Oct. 13th, and pleaded guilty. Fined 2s. 61 and costs ; Eleanor Barnet, EarleAtown, was also fined 23. 61. and costs ; John Hopkinson, Flavdock, 2s. 61. and costs ; Thomas Barlow, Golhorne, 23. 61. and costs ; John Beck, Haydock, 2s. 6d. and eosts ; Wm. Henry Petterill, Elaydeck, 2s. 61. and costs. DRUNK ON LICENSED PREMISES.—Wm. Sharpies was eha.reed with being drunk on the licensed premises of the Railway Hotel, at 10 30 p.m. on October 13th. He was fined SA. and costs. Dons AT LARGE.—Joseph 'Tampion was charged with allowing his dog to he at large on 6t_h October. P.S. Longworth proved the case, and defendint was fined 5t and costs ; Richard Litheow was charged with a similar offence committed on October 9th, and fined 7s. 6d. including costs. OBSTRUCTING THE HIGHWAY. John Hampson was charged with that, on the 11th October, he then being in charge of a lurry and two horses, did allow the same to remain an unreasonable time on the highway, viz , From 6 p.m. to 620 n.m., and pleaded not guilty. P.C. Dickson said about 6 p.na. on the 11th of the present month he was in High-et., Newton, and there saw the two horses and a harry. He watched them fr&rn 6 o'clock till 6 20. He saw the defendant in the Blue Lion, and told him he wuuld he reported. The prisoner called several witnesses in his defence, whose evidence went to show that the defendant had only been stepped about ten minutes, while he watered the hors's and had omething, to eat.—The Bench c)nsiiered the case proved °and fined him SA, and costs. OsistraucTlNo THE FOOTPATH.—John Gregsen Was charged with obstructing a footpath in High-st. oa Oct. 19h, and pleaded not guilty.—Mr. Stuart, who ap- peared to prosecute on behalf of the police, said he had been instructed to press for revere punishment. For weeks past yoeng, men had taken it into their heads to stand at the corner of Mercer-et and Golhorne•road, and had indulged in language which was nn- fir for any- one to listen to. They had caused psople to leave the footpath on many occasions, and the nuisance had be- come so bad that the police had had to take speeia measures.—P.C. Dickson said he was in plain clothes on the nieht of the 19th,and s,w the defendant and eight nr nine other yonng men standing on the footpath near the Blue Lion. Gregson was making rude and vulgar noises at girls as they were coming from their work Messrs. McCorquodale's. He had cautioned him before, many times.—Defendant seil on the night in question he came cut of the house at five minu'es past seven. There was a committee meeting going to he held in con- nection with the Blue Lion Football Club. They were just talking outside before the meeting (whieh was to he held in the Blue Lion) took place. The effieer came to him and begen to push him about and threatened to strike him. He then asked defendant for his name and he told him. The defendant then called Fred Rotherham and Richard Adam to ce,rroborate this.—The Chairman seid the Bench had decided to One defendant as. Bd. and eosts. H. had noticed that in paseing the Town Hall on his way from church On Sendays, Ile had frequently had to leave the footpath. If anything more was heard of this kind cf thing the offenders would be more severely dealt with.

No NAME.—CharlPs Stuart, Pinners Ernw.Warrinenn, was chargPd that on the 15!..h o,ttober his cart was in Mill-lane, Nwtnn, without any name on it.—P.S. Long- worth proved the case and defendant was fined is. and fasts. _ _

WITT. DEsxrmoN.—.Tames Twist was charerl with hayinz deserted his wife on the o'.,h October,and pleaded not guilty.—Elizaheth Twist, wife of the defendant. said that on the sth Oeober prisoner came home without any money. He asked her to ask her father to go for his money to the colliery and on her refusing- he turned her out. On the 991 he told her that he did not mean to do anything for either her or the chill. The prisoner was in re7ular work and could earn 204. a week if he 'Orel, but he would not work and only drew about 4s.a week. Elizabe!li Prescot c.rrohorated, and defendant said ho had asked his wife tr; come hark but she had refused, He would now take her hack and find her a comfortable home. Defendant's wife said she was afraid •to live with him, and the bench male an order for the defend- ant to pay his wife 10s, per week, _ - -

. SCHOOL ATTENDANCE CAF.—John Trariq crIA fin,;(l 5. including costs for not sending his girl Alice regularly to schAol.

SEARCEI OF CONlES.—Frenry Main; wao. charged with heino on land in the occupation of John Brid nn the 11th OctnhPr in se.,relt of conies.—Wilfred Tirid,ze S a i (I hew the man in the wood on the llth October and he cha,sed him for about half an hour before catch- ing him. The prisoner saie,. he was going throusth the wend as the nearest wax to the Vulcan. On the 17th he

came to beg off ,but as he had caught him before coming through the same wo4d he refused to do so.—Fined ss. and costs.

SECOND COURT.

Before Mr. T. H. Pearson (chairman) and Mr. Norman

McCorquodale. A DANGEROUS PRACTICIL—WaIter Carter and John Hazeldine were each charged with unlawfully and feloni- ously placing stones in some railway points at Old Fold Colliery, belonging to Messrs. Richard Evans and Co., on Oct 15.—Mr. Stuart who prosecuted stated that a platelayer in the employ of the Company, named John Stockport had cleaned out the points on the morning of the above date, and a little afterwards on going to the same place, he saw the points" half and half " with pieces of coal and stones laid between them. The two defendants who were near by, ran away when they saw Stockport. P.C. Addison was informed, and the de- fendants were arrested. When charged, Carter said that he held the lever while Hazeldine put the pieces of coal between, and Hazeldine also made the same statement. The danger of the defendants' action could be shown by the fact that a quarter of an hour after the stones were discovered, a traira with 42 waggons went over the spot, and had not the stones been taken out, they would all have been thrown off the line, and p,,,rhaOs loss of life wonld have ensued.—Corroborative evidence was given by Stockport, P.C. Addison, and Mr. Latham, manager oh the colliery, the latter of whom said that the damage which would have occurred had the waggons gone off the line, would have been £l5O, besides danger and perhaps loss of life.—ln reply to the manistrates, it was stated that Carter was 14 and Hazeldine 15 years of age, and as they were too old to be birched, they were sent to goal for 14 days' hard labour.

THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1894. FOOTBALL.

GPO. G. BUSSBY & CO. are the leaAinst makers of requisites for Football, Pieckey, Golf, Baseball, Gymnasia, and all Sports and Games. Illlustrated catalozues may be obtained from the local dealers, or the Sports Manufactory Peckham, London. Trade < CCO(t Mark.

RUGBY.

WARRINGTON v. SWINTON. •

The first meeting of these two teams this season took place at Wilderspool on Saturday. It will be remem- bered that Warrington were the only team in the Cup Competition of last year to account for the Swintonians, for they beat them at Wilderspool by a goal and a try to nil, and at Swinton each team scored a try. This season, however, the "Lions" are doing very badly,and it was, therefore, generally anticipated that they would succumb to Warrington, who had done so well at Wigan the previous Saturday, whereas Swinton on the same ground a few weeks previously had to submit to a crushing defeat. About 6,000 spectators • lined the ground on Saturday to witness the encounter, and Mr. Slavin, of Wigan, held the position of master o cere- monies. Each side had a representative team, Hampson for the first tune donning the Warrington jersey. The following was the composition of the teams :—Warring- ton: Boscow, full back; Cunningham, Potts, Hampson, and Burton, three-quarters ; J. 'l'. Bate and Clark, half ! hacks; Turner, Jolley, Nevins, Thornilev, Dakin, Berry, Taylor and Buckley, forwards. Swinton: Winter. bottom, full back; Marsh, Valentine, Crews, and Lewis, threequarters ; Pearson, and Harris, half- backs: Murray, Knowles, Sharpies, Evans, Harrington, Cleminson, Harris, and Tickley, forwards. Valentine won the tos., and set Warrington to defend the pavilion goal. Nevins kicked off, and Marsh's exchange was capitally returned to the quarter flag by Boscow. The home forwards screwed the subsequent scrimmage in fine style, and were well on for the Swinton line, when Pearson was fortunate in kicking in touch. Not to be denied Warrington continued to press, but ever eager- ness spoiled their efforts, and only a minor resulted. Murray's kick out was followed by Marsh who securing raced away to be pulled up by Boscow. Hampson now had a sprint,and his effort was supplemented by Burton, but Pearson breaking away, made a grand dribble-almost three parts the field, where he was obstructed by Hampson. Valentine took the penalty kick which was given, and kicked wide, only a minor resulting. This invasion of the home territory did not last long, and Nevins gained a great amount of ground by wriggling through his opponents. Burton gained further ground, and then Dakin securing got over near the posts, but was called back on the ground that he was offside. A penalty kick was allowed Warringtan immediately after- wards in front of the goal posts, but it was not taken advantage of, and a long spell of give and take play followed. Boscow was loudly cheered for repelling an onslaught and getting his kick under very great diffi- culties. Following the kick, Warrington raced away and a fins bout of passing ensued between Bate, HemPsee and Burton ; the latter being pushed into touch near the scoring point. Two minors tell in quick succession to Warrington, and Swinton were penned in, when suddenly Pearson got away and dribbled down the field. When that player reached Boscow tie passed to Valentine, and that player in turn to Lewis who got over against the right goal post. A confident appeal was made on the ground that the ball had been knocked forward, but the point was allowed. Valen- tine's kick at goal was a miserable failure. Warrington had hard lines in not getting over after this reverse, but only gained a barren minor, and half time soon after- wards arrived with Swinton leading by a try. At the commencement of the second half, Swinton had slightly the best of matters, for Valentine's kick off was poorly returned, and Boscow stopped Pearson's progress just in time. Cunningham soon after almost got over at the opposite end, and Winterbottom almost let Clark in by mulling the ball. The attack was brought to an end by another minor—the fifth—being conceded to Warrington. These repeated disappointments seemed to damp the ardour of the Warrington men for a time, and Swinton had a look in, but found the defence ton good. A mark to Burton was the means of the sixth minor being conceded although it was a near thing for a drop goal. At length an irresistible rush was made by the Warrington forwards and ended in Jolley equalising near the corner, amid deafening cheers. Burton almost increased the try to a goal, Each side now tried to get ahead, and play was exciting in the extreme, and each side was visited in turn. Pearson for Swinton, and Cunningham and Burton for Warrington had extremely hard lines. Warrington were now deprived of Clarke's services for a time owing to an injury, and they prac- tically played with 14 men to the cl.se of the game. The last five minutes found Warrington constantly on the attack. Time after time they appeared to be on the point of scoring, but could not. The last minute now arrived and Swinton appeared to be gaining ground, and everybody had concluded that the game would end in a draw, when the whole Warrington team made a last desperate rush, and Buckley successfully grounded the ball near the same place that the last try was gained. The scene which followed was one of the most remark- able ever witnessed on the ground for hats waved and the applause was tremendous. They were again raised when Burton kicked a goal. The restart had scarcely been made when the final arrived leaving Warrington victors of an remarkable game by a goal and a try to a try. WARRINGTON A v. SWINTON A.

The Warrington A team journeyed to Swinton on Saturday to play off their engagement with the Swinton A team. As was expected a good match was the result. There was a large number of spectators gathered round the enclosure to witness the contest. Beth teams were well represented, the Warrington players including Hee- sum. Swinton won the toss and wisely elected to play with the wind in their favour during the first half. Bandies kicked off for Warrington, the ball going into touch near the home 25. Play for a short time remained in the home quarters, and Warrington were awarded a free kick for off-4ide play on the park of one of the Swinton half backs. By a splendid passing movement the home team brought play into Warrington territory and here several scrimmages took place. Swinton were awarded a couple of free kicks in quick succession, and being greatly assisted by the wind they made two very good attempts at goal but nothing tangible was scored. Warrington now took the ball back again and after a nnmleer of scrimmages had taken place near the Swinton line, Forster for Warrington got over the line with the ball. The referee, however, to the surprise of both spectators and players, disallowed the try. statina that it was a dead ball! Swinton now played up well and merlin took play near to the Warrington line and success saon afterwards awarded their efforts for R. Berry scored a try for them. The goal kick was a failure. Not many minutes had elapsed after the kick out when Swinton were allowed another though questionable try. No „goal resulted from the kick. The Warrington team now strove hard to score and were uriluckt in not doing so. Moores gained possession and had a clear field before iiim,but unfortunately he passed to Carey, who was grassed close to,the goal line. The whistle soon afterwards sounded for half time with the score standing.SWinton two tries, Warrington nil. The play in the second half of the- game was more in favour of Warrington, who repeatedly got the ball over the Swinton goal line, but failed to score from lack of finish on the part of the Warrington players. Nothing was scored by either side in the second half, and a well-con- tested game resulted in a win for the homesters by two tries to nil. The following were the teams :—Warring- ton : Full back, Mannion ; three quarter batlis, Carey. Lawless, Ifeesom, and Moores ; half backs, Forster and Foden ; forwards, Bailey, Burrows, Bandies. Saseig,e, Andrews, Iloughton,Santaciers, and Barratt. Swinton s, Full hack, J. Berry ; three quarter backs, J. F. Step. hens, U. A. Close, J. E.Gadd, and J. T. Tyldesley ; ha-f haeks, E. Booth arid I. Smith ; forwards, J. Beattie, R . Berry. R. Buckley, W.. Spruce, 0. R. Jackson, E. GB!, J. 11. Kelly, anti J. -Hotchkiss. WARRINGTON RAMBLERS V. 'HOLY TRINITY RESERVE.—

This match was played on the ground of the latter at Arpley. The Ramtlers played their full team, and had the hest of the p!a,y in the first half, but nothing was scored. After changing ends play was of a more even character, each team scoring one goal, the result being —Ramblers, one ; Holy Trinity, one. WAR HP.:(ITON ST. MARY'S v. CHESTER.COLLEGE . Played at Chester on Saturday. The game between the teams always proves of an interesting character, and a tough struggle is generally the outcome, the Saints' hav- ing nearly always the better of the deal. The visitors were without several of their ordinary men. College won the toss, Swift started for the Saints, a good return was made, Warburton gettin., possession, kicked well up the fvli-I.yrhie.!.l was followed up by the forwards and resulted in Burrows scoring in the corner, Helsby fail- in to convert. From the drop out the game was hotly conteFted, forward the College was better, but behind the Saints had the ad7antage, anii Rutter added another try, Berry registering a goal. From a scrimmage at centre O'Brien secured and passed to Bennett who missed the pass, the College forwards rushed the oval down the field, only to see Helshy quite safe. Smart dribbling the Saints forw..rds transferred play into the homesters quarters,where Cockerill effected a clearance. Exchang,a kicking by the respective backs found play resting at centre. The Skints gradually forced the College on their own lines, where Roughles got over, the point Nilo". dis- allowed. The visitors screwed the scrimmages with determination but could net again break through the home defence, and at half-time the Saints were leading

===== 0002601_18941103_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS.

MONDAY.—Before Messrs. James Handley and S. Taylor. RUNCORN FISHMONGERS AT VARIANCE.—George Duckett, fishmonger, of Ckurch-street, was summoned in two instances for committing assaults upon his son, George Cornelius Duckett, and Margaret Glynn.—Mr. Allen appeared for the defendant.—A. number of wit- nesses were called, and from the evidence they gave it would appear that defendant's son, who is 23 years of age, left his father some eighteen months ago and is now married to a sister of the female complainant. Both complainan are also mongers, and a great deal of unp:easantness has existed between them since the son left defendant and was married. The strained relationship was brought to a head on the morning of the 27th inst., when Margaret Glynn and the defendant arrived at Runcorn station le7 the 8.40 a.m, train from Liverpool. A quantity of fish was in the train for both these persons, and George Cornelius Duckett met Mar- garet Glynn on the station to assist her to unload it. During the progress of unloading, the defendant and his son began to quarrel and the defendant, it was alleged, ran at his son and struck him several times. Margaret Glynn held the defendant's right arm and thus enabled the son to get out of his father's grasp. Defendant then turned upon the female complainant and struck her twice.—Mt. Allen, for the defence, said that the son began to jeer at his father when on the station and pre- vented him from getting his fish away at the proper moment. His client was not guilty of either charge. ie attempted to strike his son but could not.—Defendant was fined 53, and 233. 6d. costs for the assault upon his son, and ss, and us. 61 costs for the assault upon Mrs. Glynn. UNMUZZLED DOGS.—George Shone, Alfred Stanway, Thomas Parry, and William Sutton were each ordered to pay 4s. 61. .eests for allowing their dogs to stray abroad without muzzles in contravention of the Rabiea (Muzzling of Dogs) Or.ler. SQUABBLING RELATIONS.—David Newport, of Massey's- court, was summoned by his sister-in-law, Mary Wool- gar, 24, Wivern-place,for assaulting her on the 27th Oct. —The complainant said that at about ten o'clock on the night of the day named she went to defendant' s house to speak to her sister, who was his wife. She opened the door, and as her sister was not to be seen in the room she asked defendant, who was sitting in a chair with his back towards her, where she was. He immedi• ately got up,obtained some water,and threw it over tier. At that moment her sister came in and giving her a dish of water, told her to throw it over him, her hus- band. This she would not do, however. The defend- ant then ran at her and abused her.—Evidence was given to the effect that the complainant was found in a bleeding condition with marks upon her throat and fore- head.—Defendant denied that he had struck the com- plainant and alleged that she had come to the house with two other women for the purpose of "having a row." He admitted throwing some water over them to drive them away. The complainant threw a dish at him, and would have thrown a lamp also, hut the door was shut against her just in tune.—Fined 10s. including costa.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
DARESBURY PETTY SESSIONS.

TUESDAY.—Before Mr. J. C. Jones (chairman), Alderman Nield, and Mr. H. Talbot. TRANSFBR OF LICENSES.—John Thomas applied for the transfer of the license of the Ram's Head, Grappen- tAll, from John Ashley, and Mary Ann Speakman also applied for the transfer of the license of the S tracen's Head previously held by her late husband. Both apph- car.ions were granted. DRUNK ON LICENSED PREMISES.—MichaeI Misskill, 14bourer, Grappenhall, was charged with having on the 15th October at Grappenhall been drunk on the licensed premises of Charles E iton.—P.C. 'Millington stated that at 3 40 p.m. on Monday, the 15th October, he visited the Barry Arms, Grappenhall, where he found the de- fendant drunk, sitting in the kitchen. He had been refused drink by the landlord who ordered the defend- ant out in witness' a presence. He then went away. A fine of ss. including costs was imposed. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—James Doyle, labourer, Grappenhall, iaas fined ss. and costa for being drunk and disorderly on the 30th Svtemher at Grappenhall, and James Everatt, for being drunk and disorderly at Stoek:on Heath on the Bth October was fined the costs. DOG OWNERS IN TROUBLE AGAIN !—For allowing their dogs to be at large unmuzzled the following were dealt with: Thomas M. Broadbent, Latchford; Arthur Lunt. clerk, Latchford ; Ernest Bennett, grocer, Latchford; William Wakefield, farmer, Appleton; James Hamblett, lahourer, Appleton; and Jos. Dobson, butcher, Appleton. A SLEEPY DRlVER.—Williafn Jackson, a carter, resid- ing at Lord Nelson-st., Warrington, was summoned for being asleep whilst in charge of a horse and cart at Appleton.—P.C. Brew stated that he was on duty in Stockton Heath village on the date named when he saw the defendant in charge of a horse and cart coming from the direction of Stretten.. He was sitting at the hack of the cart asleep. A driver of a trap when passing the defendant's horse and cart had to hit defendant's horse on the nose in order to turn it out of the way or the shafts of the cart would have collided with the trap. Defendant was fined ss. and costs.

- ---- ASSAULT.—HEAVY PENALTY.—WiIIiam Broom, a coach- man, was charged with having on the 24th October at Acton Grange, beaten and assaulted William Garlick, his foreman. The complainant stated that he sent the defendant to Warrington on the dAte natned for some provender and he returned the worse for drink. He attaeked witne,.s about eight times. D4endant pleaded giti;ty and exnr?ssed his sorrow for what he had done. He was fined Mi. and costs. . _

..... CRITELTT TO A. MAlM—William Bean, farmer, Dutton, was charged with haying on the 13th September, at Dutton, unlawfully and cruelly illtreated, tortured and abused a horse by working the same whilst in an unfit state. Inspector Luff, I{.S.P.C.A., stated that en the afternoon of September 13th. in consequence of a com- plaint he received from the Warrineton Police he visited the defendant's farm and there found a grey mare carrying corn. It was excessively lame on the near-fore !el% On miring the defendant whether it was being worked by his instructions he replied that he knew the mare was lame. The mare was suffering from a sprain id the back tendons and the foot was contracted and very hot. It could not keep the font to the ground. Be told the defendant that it was not tit to work, but when Sergeant Chantler went on the. folhwing Tueslay to serve a summons for an offence the defendant had com- mitted at Warrington, he found that the mare was still being worked. Sereeant Chantler gave evidence and stated that the mare was totally unfit to work on the day he saw it. For the defence, ;qr. Bate, veterinary sur- geon. stated that the mare was fit far work. Re examined It the prwious day and it was then suffering no pain whatever, neither was the foot hot. The only thing which made the mare appear lame was that it had a peculiar gait. In cross-examination, witness admitted that he did 'not examine the horse on the date in que:4- tion. A fine of 2s. 61. and costs was imposed. THY.Fr OF POTATOEs.—Charlos Gathercole and William Broad, of Latchford, both pleaded guilty to stealing 1301bs.of potatoes, value 34.,t1ie property of Levi James, farmer, at Grappenhall, on the 7th October. P.O. Brew gave evidence as to seeing both defendants coming from a potato field,ea.eli carrying a hag c )nta,ning potatoes. He atrested them.and on being charged with the offence they replied. "We are very sorry." Broad had in his possession 235. 91. in money and a silver watch and chain. Gatherer-de was in possession of 81. in money and a watch. P.C. Shatwell also gave evidence. Mr. Levi James identified the potatoes as being similar to those grnwieg on his field.—As it was the prisoners' first offence they were fined the costs, and ordered to come up for judgment when called upon.

...:OVEREIGN REMEDIES FOR SKIN ERUPTIONS. To Cure Eczema, Slriti E .Eruptions, Irritation, Pim- C IPs Blotches, Ulcerated L'EttA Bad Legs and Sores, use f VA:LLIVICK'S SKIN OINTMENT ANIJ rr BLOOD ABLETS.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION.

Either Ointment or Tablets, 18.1 id. from all Chemists ; post free Is. 3d.. from MARTIN. Chemist, Southampton. BOOTS, Cash Ch-mists, Warringt)n. Agents SPEAKMAN 27. Bride-et., Runcorn.

EPPS'S COCOA- —9.RATF.FITL AND COMFORTING.— "13v thorough knowledge of the natural laws which governlthe operati,ns of digestion and nutrition and by a careful applica lion o the fine oroperttes of well-selected Cocon, Mr. Epps has provided for our breakfast and supper a delicacely flavoured heveraue which may save ua many heavy doctors bilk. It is '.y he judicious ;tse of such articles of die that a constitution may be gradually bifflt up until strong enough to resist every tendency to diliease. We may escape many a fatd shaft by' keeping ourselves well fortified with pure blood and a orverly nonrkhei frame "—" Civil Servic Gazette."—Made simplywlth boiling water or milk.—Sold only in packets, by Grocers. lanAled—;". JAMES Eres & Co., td . Hommlpethic Chemists London."—Also makers of Epps's Coeoaine or Cocoa Nib-Extract A thin beverage of full flavour. now with many hemelicially taking the place of tea. Sold in warrington by Bowden, 13 amford, and Percival —Add.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0131.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_18941103_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
by one goal, one try to nil. After the opening exchanges Cockerill secured and made a good nid at goal, the ball falling short. The visitors forwards dribbled finely to the line. Turner kicked dead. On resuming, Cobb in- tercepted an opponents pass, and raced away, but was grassed by Helsby in the nick of time. Gee was awarded a free kick in a favourable position,but failed to enhance its value. The Saints again invaded the homesters quarters but were forced back, and a combined rush lity the College forwards resulted is Bramwell scoring a scrambling try. Cockerill failed. They tried hard to score again but to no avail, when a smart piece of for- ward play resulted in O'Brien scoring, Swift failing at the place. Play rested at half way until the whistle sounded time, and the Saints were returned winners of a very pleasant game by one goal, two. tries to one try. WARRINGTON EXCELSIOR V. WIGAN ST. CLEMENT'S.— This match was played at Wilderspool Causeway on Saturday, St. Clement's started, and were the first to attack, a rush by their forwards being ably met by Chapman. Raybold and Woods put in some good work for the homestors, and the result of a fine piece of play saw Gleave tackled within easy reach of the line. Stocks got away nicely from the scrimmage, but was grassed in time by Daniels. Warrington still kept up the pressure, but the interval arrived without any score. Warrington resumed play, and Holland getting posseasion ran grandly and looked a certain scorer until Chapman grassed him. The visitors were striving hard to obtain a major point, but Gleave, Chapman and Raybold were always on the alert. A rush by the Warrington for- wards, in which Hughes and Barber played a prominent part, saw the game being contested in the visitors 25. Although both sides experienced hard lines nothing tangible was scored, the tesult being a draw.

STOCKTON HEATH V. HEATLEY HOYERs.—These teams met for the first time at Heatley on Saturday. Heatley played their full strength, while Stockton Heath were minus the services of Webster, Lally, and Fligharn. Nothing of importance occured until half time when Stockton Heath now seemed to liven up a bit, and the tremendous weight of the aeatley forwards was of no avail against the sterling combination which Stockton Heath showed. Only once were Heatley dangerous, when the forwards rushed down the field. Hamblett saving. From a pass by Smith, Barber rounded his opponents in brilliant style, and scored a splendid try, the goal kick again failing. Shortly afterwArdn Broady showed his return to form by dropping a splendid goal from touch, and a few minutes later the same player crossed the Heatley lines and scored in a favourable position, but the point was not converted. The drop-Out being charged down, the visiters' forwards again rushed the ball over, and scored, but tho kick again failed. Play was quiet for a time,wben Barber secured and after a dodgy run scored his second try, which was this time converted. Cross and Isherwood were now pr.minent in a passing movement, which was stopped in time by the Heatley backs. Broady also secured another try. Time was now called and the score sheet read—Stockton Heath, two goals five tries ; Heatley Rovers nil. The Stockton Heath backs played a splendid combined game which accounts for the decisive defeat of the Rovers. •

RUNCORN V. BIRKENHEAD PARK—On Saturday after- noon a match took place on the Irwell-lane enclosure, Runcorn, between the following teams, representino, the above clubs :—Runcorn: Full back, S.H.ouEdnon ; three- quarter backs, T. Richardson, T. Warder, J.Butterworth, E.Gregory ; half backs,Abrams, and Nickson ; forwards, J. Stubbs, J. Langley, A. Taylor, J. Davies, H. Farmer, G. Moores, R. Lightfoot and F. Gayter. Birkenhead ?ark :—Full back, H. Greenham ; three-quarter backs, E. T. Nicholson, A. E. Fenton, J. Hutchinson, J. D. Anderson; half barks, P. R. Clause, A. G. McDonald ; forwards, W. T. Wood, A.R. Spence, R. Ould,J. Baxter, A. J. Chadwick, A. Anderson, S. Smith, and E.Flerschel. favlor-Woods started for the visitor 4, but his part was well returned by Davies. A series of scrimmages ensued, and the Park men were very hard pressed. Stubbs secured the first try, but Houghton failed to convert the advantage into a goal. The homesters continued to have the best of the play, Abrams scoring a second try. Warder took the kick and landed a goal. Their visitors tried their utmost to score but could not, the defence of the Runcornians being all that could be desired. Half-time arrived with the score—Runcorn,one goal and one try ; Birkenhead Park, nil. After a very short interval hostilities were azain started. The homesters maintained their supremacy,. Butterworth obtaining a try. The attempt at goal however failed ,and the game ended Runcorn,one goal two tries ; Birkenhead Park, nothing. RUNCORN "A " BIRKENHEAD PARK "A."—These teams met on Saturday afternoon at Birkenhead Park and engaged in an exciting encounter. In the first half the visitors scored one goal and three tries to their opponents nothing. The Park men became more weak in the second half, and the Runcornians piled on three more goals and three tries. Birkenhead could not notch a point and the final result was—Runcorn four goals, six tries ; to nothing. ST. HELENS AND DISTRICT LEAGUE.

RUNCORN RECREATION V. WIDNES ROVERS. —A. match in connection with this league was played on Saturday afternoon at WidnPs between these teams and resulted in a victory for the visitors by two tries and one minor, to one try and three minors.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION.

WARRINGTON L. AND N.W. ALBION'S V. PARR VICTORIA. —On Saturday, at the Arpley Meadows. the London and North-Western Albions had for their opponents Parr Victoria. The ground was in a had state owing to the recent heavy rain, which made it very unpleasant for both sides. Owing to the visitors arriving late, two thirties were agreed upon. Parr won the toss and played with the wind in their favour. The railway men were winners of a well contested game by four goals to ,nil. Mr. H. 'Prow officiated as referee. Albions' team : Goal, Harrier; full backs, Griffiths and Jones ; half hacks, Lawrenson, Wright, and Evans ; forwards, Crab, Con- nor, Hall, Hunt, Bradshaw, Rostorne. Connor as out- side left was a long way in advance of any other for- ward on the field, running and centreing in a splendid fashion, and always dangerous when on the ball. The Albions' half backs played a better game than the visi- tors. Rostrone being the pick of a fair lot. The Parr full backs could not be compared with Griffiths and Jones of the Albions, the former being noticeable for the effective way he dealt with the rustles of the visitors, and the latter for his clean kicking. The Albions as yet hold an unbeaten certificate.

WARRINGT6N ASSOCIATION V. C HEATH RE MAGPIES.— ' This match was played at Warrington on Saturday. The homesters started, and immediately made tracks for the ' Mapgie goal: Lowe cleared, and the visitors' forwards, by means of tricky passing, reached the home quarters, where Mather effected a good save. Some good work was now done by Williamson, who dribbled well to the visitors' end, passing to Woodville ; this player centred nicely and Dukes scored with a good shot. Reade did some good work on the visitors' right, and half-time was called with the score—Warrington one goal, Magpies nil. On the restart, play was at once taken into the visitors' quarters. Evans cleared to half-way, where Taslor got hold and made tracks for the home goal, and with a swift low shot beat Williamson and made the scores equal. The Magpies still kept up the pressure. Silcock and Lunt relieved, but the visitors would not be denied, and J. Mather missing his kirk Williamson ran out and left the goal at the mercy of the visitors, Taylor putting the ball through. The homesters now seemed to fall to prices, and the visitors swarmed round the goal and Stolterfoth again scored. 'rho homestera now pulled themselves together, and Dukes got hold and passing nicely to Gorton this player heat Lowe with a good shot Time was shortly afterwards called with the scores— Cheshire Magpies three goals, Warrington two. EAMLESTOWN KEARSLEY —LANCASHIRE ALLIANCE. The alliance fixture between these teams took place on Saturday on the Earlestown ground before a vory poor gathering of spectators. The only change in the Earles- tow 0 team was the replacing of Sudworth, by Davis in goal. Earlestown lost the slain of the coin and Keariley chose to play up hill in the first half. After even play, Siddelev ran down the field in an easy manner, and cen- treing Topping scored an easy goal within a few minutes of the kick off. The game proceeded very quietly tel some time, Eirlestown taking matters very easy, and keeping the hall in Kearsley quarters, whose backs had tP save twice at the expense of a corner. Taylor fed with judgment and the forwards responded. Hughes, .Tonkin- son and Lee rushed to the bottom goal, which Warbur- ton cleared, the ball was returned, the Kearsley citadel narrowly escaped capture. Hughes; Jenkins and Leo, a,ain led an assault, Lee passing to Conway, who shot thretwh. Some give and take play in front of goal shortly afterwards resulted in a third goal beinfs scored. From the kick off '<Parsley got up to the top goal, but another rush, in which Hughes and Jenkinson were rrominent, caused Warburton to save. A corner fell to Kea.rsley, tint nothing resulted. Some smart exchanges

took place,and Earlestown getting down Topping scored again,half-time being reached with the score Earlestown four goals, Kearsley nil. On turning round Earlestown pressed somewhat and had several near chances of scor- ing, but the visitors by a gold bit of play worked down and Pearson shot a clever goal. This was their final effort, and Earlestown before the call of time succeeded in lowering the Kearsley colours five times in succession, the game ending as follows—Earlestown, nine goals ; Kearsley, one goal. HOLY TRINITY V. PARISII CHURCII.—This match was played on the ground of the latter on Saturday, in un- favourable weather and ended in a win for the visitors by one goal the score being Holy Trinity 2 goals, Parish 1.

NEWTON RESERVE V. ORFORD.—This match was played at Warrington on Saturday, the visitors being short of three of their regular players. Orford kicked off and scored after five minutes' play, adding another directly afterwards. The game at the interval stood three goals to two in favour of the home eleven. In the half the home team were rarely allowed to pass the centre line, the visitors sc,ring six more goals and won comfortabiy by eight goals to three. (Boardman three, Beresford three. Holland and Lee were the scorers for Newton) The Nvwton team was:—H. H. Holdgate (goal), J. Bantom, R. Stephens (hacks;, C. Price, A. Mullins, F. Reade (half backs), R, Lee, S, Boardman, S. Holland, R. Rigby, H. Beresford (forwarc6). Mr. Bingham, of Wid- nes, was the referee.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
FACTS FOR THE LADIES.

Do you worry because you look so very pale, with lips almost white and feel as though nothing could re- store you to vigorous, happy life ? If so, take Cock- burn's Blood Tonic Pills and stop worrying. They make cheeks like roses and delicate ladies strong. Of all chemists in boxes at is.. 21. 6d., and 4s. ed., or per pot 2d. extra direct from the makers, COCKBURN'S DRUG Sroins, Howard-st., Glasgow

===== 0002601_18941103_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

On Tuesday afternoon the fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Board of Guardians was held in the Board room of the Workhouse, Dutton, Mr. John 'Mclntyre presiding, There were also present the Rev. J. W. N. Tanner, Messrs. Joseph Knowles, T Baxter, C.C., E. Bratherton, T. Handley, J.P., S Yarwood, T. Lea. H. E. Heywood, A. Broome, J. W. Baguley, C. W. Davenport, J. Brandreth, W. Picker- ing, J. Whitlow, J. M. IN illiams, J. Parr, T. Lewis, C. T. Whitley, E. Aaron, S. Woodward, John Ashton clerk, and George Ashton, deputy clerk.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF • MEMBER.

Prior to the transacti.n of any of the ordinary busines of the Board, the Chairman remarked that he understood the Board had lost by death, an old and respected member in the per- son of Mr. William Whitlow. He begged to move that a vote of condo! irice be forwarded from the Board to the widow of the docea3ed gehtleman.—Mr. Yarwbod se- conded, and it u Ai carried in silence. THE EXTENSION OF THE UNION BOUNDARY.

The Local Government Board wrote saying that they had instructed their Inspector, Mr. Jenner Fust, to hold an inquiry at the Boardroom of the Guardians of the Warrington Union, on November 3rd, relative to the order made by a joint committee of the County Councils for the administrative counties of Lan- caster and Chester, dealing with the townships of Latch- ford, Grappenhall, and Thelwall.—ln the course of a discussion, it was considered advisable to elect a com- mittee to attend the inquiry and watch the interests of the Runcorn Union, and eventually it was decided that the following should congtitute such a committee : Messrs. Mclntyre, Brandreth, Knowles, Whitley, Wil- liams, Baxter, T. Handley, and the Clerk,- Mr. John Ashton.

ELECTION P REPARATION/.

The CLERK observed that he thought it would be desirable to make some arrangements for the proper carrying out of the forthcoming election of district councillors which had been fixed for the 15.,h December by an order of the Cheshire County Council. The fol- lowing members were elected a committee for this pur- pose : Messrs. John Mclntyre, Williams, Heywood, Handley, Taylor, Aaron, J. Knowles, and C. T. Whitley.

4.sary W.

THE DEPARTURE OF THE REV. J. W. VARLEY.

In the Baptist schoolroom, Latchford, on Thurs- day last, a tea and meeting were held in order to bid farewell to the pastor. About 100:persons sat down to tea, the tables being presided over by the following ladies :—Mrs. Davids in, Mrs. Julian, Mrs. Hunt, Mrs. Fairhurst,, Mrs. P. Wilkinson Mrs. Varley, Mrs. Anams,Mrs Cliffe, Mrs. W. T. Wilkinson, Miss Wells, and Miss Eyes. •

After the lifting of the cloth a meeting was held, pre- sided over by Mr. George Wells (senior deacon of the church), and there were also on the platform :—The Revs. J. W. Varley, J. S. Hughes, E. T. Reed, J. War- nock, M.A., 8.D., J. Fowler (Manchester), C®uncillor H. Roberts, Messrs. Joseph Alhinson, sen., W. Davidson, and W. Adams. Mr. Wilkinson (secretary) read letters of apolegy or non-attendance from the Revs. J. Yonge, E. T. Moore, D. W. Roberts, J. Kirtlan, G. D. Mason, W. J. Kirkland, and C. Clay (Lymm). The CHAIRMAN said they were met there that night to bid farewell to Mr. Varley. He had worked with him there for over eight years,and during that time they had worked with a spirit of co-operation. For the first time in the history of that church they were holding a fare- well meeting to their pastor. That church had been in existence for over 42 years,and during the whole of that time it had only had two pastors. (Applause.) There was only one chureh in the district besides that which was able to say it. During the nine years that Mr. Varley had been their pastor he had never swerved from preaching the gospel of Jesus Christ. He was of the opinion that they would have greater difficulty to fill up the vacancy than they had ten years ago. (Applause.) Rev.J. FOWLER (Manchester) delivered a short address, and said he was very glad for St. Anne's that they were going to have Mr. Varley. Rev. J. S. HUGHES expressed his regret that Mr. Varley, who was his nearest neighbour in that district, was going away so soon after his (Mr. Hughes) commence- ment of his pastorate at Hill Cliffe. He knew Mr. Yarley when he first entered college as a student, then an intelligent, round-faced youth. (Laughter.) The Bishep of Chester had recently stated that Baptist minis- ters were exotics. He daresay they were of that kind but in the case of Mr. Varley he seemed to have taken well to the soil and thrived well amongst them at Latch- ford. He had great admiration for the work he had done. Someone had said that every minister made a fool of himself in his first pastorate. He did not think that after the nine years service of Mr. Varley there. that that was the case with him. He had discharged faithfully, loyally and intelligently the duties of minister of that church. As representing the Baptist denomina- tion of the district, he could testify to the work he had done for their denominition, work which did not appear on the surface. He had done work for their association and it was also to him that they owed the labours and arrangements of their missionary services year after year in that district. He (Mr. Hughes) could enter somewhat into the feelings of Mr. Varley. Latch- ford was his first love, and there he had had his first experiences. He wished him every blegsing and success in the' work to which he was going. (Applause.) Rev. E. T. REED stated that he had come there at some personal inconvenience in order to show his sympathy with Mr. Varies', who had associated himself in various public works in connection with the social, moral and spiritual life of the community. He (Mr. Reed) always received at his hands kindly Christian courtesy and he thought he might say brotherly love. They had been associated together in that grand movement, which was doing so much for the young people of the church, the Young People's Society of Christian Endeavour, and the other day he had the privilege of listening to' one of the best papers he hal heard, dealing with a branch of that delivered by Mr. Vasley. hUe believed it would greatly encourage Mr. Varley to see that during the months they might be without a settled pastor the work there still went forward. He had much joy in wishing him great success in winning souls. (Applause.)

• Councillor H. IlonEnTs said they all felt that they were losing a personal friend, a good preacher, and a sound man in Mr. Varley. A good deal had been said from a clerical point of view that night, and they saw that there was a sort of trades unionism amongst parsons. (Laughter) It was quite customary when birds of a feather got together to say the same thiag of each other. But he was bound to say that what had been said by the gentlemen of the black cloth had been square and was true for they knew it themselves. Well he was sorry that they were losing their pastor,because since he came to Latchford that little chapel had been his house of refuge several times,and it had always been a great pleasure to listen to Mr. Varley's sermons. He had never on a single occasion regretted the time spent in their chapel. He liked Mr. VA Hey for one thing and that was his intense manliness. There was no mistaking what he meant. He knew what he meant and said what he meant, and they might take it that Mr. Varley's convictions would not be concealed. It did not en down with everybody but in these days and in that locality, it was very neces- sary to say it. There would be rejoicing in some quarters in Warrington for ths departure ef Mr. Varley, but he hoped that rejoicing would be very short. He wanted them to feel the responsibility that rested with them in finding a man who ceuld net only take Mr. Varley's place in the pulpit, but a man who could take his place out- side the pulpit, which was more important. Every minister who was worth his salt had a much larger sphere than the four wane of his church. (Hear, hear.) He did not expect them all to agree with him in that,but in these days if a minister of the esosnel ceased in any sense to be a citizen, in his opinion he was not acting up to the teaching of the Bible and the magnificent ex- ample set by his Master. For the young people there he could enter into their feelings because /se remembered many rears wee losing a pastor ht Wycliffe Church,—a man he thought he very nearly adored—the Rev. G. S. Reaney. a man who had the tact of eetting hold of the young people of the church. He honed they would have some comfort in the fact that Mr. Varies' was not going to a smaller, but a larger place, that his opportunities for usefulness and far the public weal generally would he enlarged and intensified. Something had been said abet Mr. Varley's wife. He did net know what the gentlemen on the platform thought, but he was of the opinion that it was far more difficult to select a suitable pastor's wife than for the church to select a pastor. There were few pastors' wives who fulfilled all that they were expected to fulfil in the church. in Mrs. Varley's case he knew she had been a model minister's wife. They were lesSeea great deal in Mrs. Varley. He wished them r.v.•-c.• success and prosperity. (Applause.) r. LIIINSON (treasurer of the church) then handed to Mr. Varley on behalf of the congregation a beautiful silver tea and coffee service,which it may be stated was supplied by Messrs. E. and A. Eustance,ef Sankey-street. Mr. Alhinson referred to the gssod work done by Mr. and Mrs. Varley, stating that the former had served his apprenticeship with them. Rey. J. W. VARLEY in replying said there were some things that were better felt than said, and he thought they would understand that when he came tolook upon the token of their kindness and love, that it was difficult on his part after so many years of service to adequately express his feelings. He wanted te thank them very heartily and very lovingly for what they had given and for the very kind expressions that they had uttered to- wards himself and Mrs. Varley. One recognised that in the work of the ministry it was not only the pastor but the pastor's wife that had to do with the success of the church's work. An uncomfortable home very often meant a bad time in the pulpit. If the home life was not what it should be the minister's work could not be done as it should he done. He would not like that op- portunity to pass without, saving how much of his happiness and of his usefulness had come from the love and sympathy and general helpfulness of his wife. (Applause.) After nine years of service there one could not possibly separate without feelines of sadness. It was like tearing up the roots. There had been a diffi. culty on his part to make no his mind. Is had bee Simple- because he felt that it was Christ's will that he should leave that place and co to St. Anne's that he was enine. He did not know if he was revealing any con- fidences when he said that it was not the flit opner- tunity that he had had of moving from Lateliford although they had never known. It was the third time that he had been asked to leave that pastorate, but in the other cases in no sense did the call seem to be a divine call. He had no hesitation in saving that he believed the present call, God's call to a lareser sphere and to meet difficulties he had never met. in that place. At St. Anne's there had been six years of unpleasantness between Christian people, of secessions, and difficulties which ha' i arisen owing to this slcession. He had been asked to face them and try to c:mouer them because in the opinien of those capable of judging they believed it was possihle for him to bring about that harmonious sympathy, Irma and service which ware inseparable from the work of a useful church. There might have been times during his stay there when it was necessary for him to sneak straight and take a stand on behalf of the whole of the members of that church, hut he had that feeling that he was net leaving them because they wanted him to leave. It is a new experience for him and for them, and he trusted that they would find that the step he was taking was for the benefit of that church, and for the benefit of the church at St. Anne's, He shoull like to thank all the workers who had been so faithful and had co-operated with him in so many kinds of Christian service His pastorate at Latchford would be remembered with gratefulness as long as he lived. ( Annie use.) Mr. JEPSON afterwards spoke. The Rev. J. WARNOCK said he felt it a pririlege to be there and witness the beautiful spirit which existed between pastor and people. He thought it spoke welt • for the heartiness of the congregation when so many were present on an evening like that. He had known Mr. Varley ever since he came to Latchford and had always found him to be one of the most honourable and meet brotherly of men. He was sorry he was leaving the neighbourhood and hoped they would see his faoP from time to time. He wished both Mr. and Mrs. Varley much success in their new sphere, Mr. DAVIDSON and Mr. ADAMS, deacons, also spoke. It may be stated that the Rev. Walter Ssely,"ll' Littlehorouela, near Nuneaton, Warwickshire, will tem- porarily carry on the pa:storel duties at Letchfcrd, until a successor to Mr. Varley is appointed.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
RESIGNATION OF TUE SCHOOLMASTER.

The CLERK read a lettcr from the master of the work- house school intimating to the Board that he wished to resign his position.—The resignation was accepted and the clerk was instructed to advertise for a successor. A committee was also appointed to examine the testimon- ials usually sent by applicants for the position.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL SANITARY AUTHORITY.

Mr. John Mclntyre presided on Tuesday after noon over the fortnightly meeting of the above Authority held in the Workhouse, Dutton. The remaining gentlemen present were the Rev. J. W. N. Tanner, Messrs. Joseph Knowles (vice-chairman). C. T. Whitley, E. Aaron, S. Woodward, J. Brandreth, T. Lewis, E. Bratherton, T. Baxter, C' .C. J. M. Williams, H. E. Heywood, J. Whitlow, J. Parr, C. W. Davenport, J. W. Baguley, A. Broome, John Ashton, clerk; G. Ashton, deputy clerk: J. Farring- ton, nuisance inspector; and .Dr. Adams, medical officer of health.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SMALL-PDX HOSPITAL AT MOORE.

The Clerk produced a letter hem Mr. . Dunlop, of the Land Office of the Manchester Ship Canal Company, enquiring how much longer the Authority were likely to require the temporary small-pox hospital, and whether they claimed any portion of the building. He was not in a position to offer a site for a permanent hospital.— Mr. Williams said that he had heard that Mr. Evans, the agent of Sir Richard Brooke, had recently called at the hospital and inspected it. From a statement that had been made to him (Mr. Williams) he understood that on that occasion Mr. Evans had said that he intended taking the hospital before Christmas. Under such cir- cumstances, although Mr. Williams would not advise the Authority to place much credence upon the rumour that Mr. Evans had secured the hospital, he thought it would be well if he were instructed to call upon Mr. Dunlop at his office in Manchester, for the purpose of talking the matter ,over.—Mr. Baxter remarked that at the last meeting of the Public Health Committee of the Cheshire County Council the subj,ct of providing isolation hos- pitals was discussed, and there being a feeling that hospitals were undesirable in little districts the county medical officer was instructed to re,porb as to the neces- sity for them in many parts of Cheshire, and how many. The idea of making groups ot Unions in order to provide proper hospitals met with some favour, but, of course, he did not know what the action of the Council would be. There was no doubt, however, that the Medical Officer would very shortly make his report and it would then be decided if hospitals should be erected.—After some discussion it was resolved that a reply be sent to Mr. Dunlop that the hospital would be retaitval for twelve months, and that Mr. Williams be empowered to make such arrangements as were necessary with Mr. Dunlop.

THE SEWERING OF HELSEY,

The mirmtea of the meeting of the committee, appointed to consider the letter of the Local Government Board with reference to the sewerage of Helshy, held on October 20th, showed that the Clerk read the com- munication in question, produced the plans of the sewers mentioned therein, after which the committee, the Medical Officer of Ffealth,and the Inspector of N‘iisances made a careful exmelnation of the sewers and sewer- outfall. It was subsequently resolved that that part of the sewers from Ebenezer Terrace to the rear of Rake House, which was an open ditch, be piped with inch glazed socket pipes from Mrs. Pritchard's property to the sewer in Rake-lane, and that the sewerage flom that property be diverted to the newly constructed sewer. That a settling tank on the most approved plan for purifyinc.r the sewage be constructed, and that the effluent therefrom be conveyed along the sewer on the north-westerly . side of the railway to the "Flashinv,s," hich communicate with the town. That Mr. Thornley be requested to acquiese in the construction of the shove works, and to construct a sewer from his own premises so as to communicate with one in Rake-lane. That the Inspector of Nuisances obtain estimates for the works proposed, and that the Clerk inform the Local Govern- ment Board what was intended to be done, and also point nut that the annual reports of the Medical Officer show that Helsbv had been an exceptionally healthy district, during the past year, and comparatively free from those diseases which result from insanitary defects. —The minutes were approved.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
INCREASE OF SCARLET FEVER.

Dr. Adams, the medical officer of health, reported that three cases of scarlet fever had broken out at Weston Point, three at Norley, fonr at Kingsley, two at Hatch- mere in the township of Kingswood, eight at Weston, and three at Rock Savage, Clifton. In a great many of these cases the children had attended school. The medical officer had visited them and had issued the usual preventive orders.

CURED OTHERS—WILL CURE YOU! Sufferers from Gravel, Lumbago, Piles, Pains in the Back, Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaints, Diseases of RiclnPvs, Bladder. Stone, Sciatica, Rheumatism, and Gout will find a positive Cure in Holroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box. and if not satisfied your money will be returned. Price is 11., of all Chemists, or post free for 12 stamps, from HOLYOYD'S Medical Hall, Checkheaton. Yorks. Don't be put off. If you cannot get them, write t 9 the ProprietT.r, and a box will be sent next post.—Adv.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0141.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_18941103_art0142.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• •

===== 0002601_18941103_art0143.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-••

===== 0002601_18941103_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
CAT PROVERBS.

A Cheshire cat. He grins like a Cheshire cat. Cheese was formerly sold in Cheshire moulded like a cat. The allusion is to the grinning cheese-cat, but is applied to persons who show their teeth and gums when they laugh. A Kilkenny cat. The story is that, during the rebellion of Ireland, Kilkenny was garrisoned by a troop of Hessian soldiers, who amused themselves in barracks by tying two cats together by their tails and throwing them across a clothes-line to fight. The officers, hearing of this, resolved to put a stop to the practice. The look- out man, enjoying the sport, did not observe the officer on duty approaching the barracks; but one of the troopers, more quick sighted, seizing a sword, cut the two tails, and the cats made their escape. When the officer inquired the meaning of the two bleeding tails,he was coolly told that two cats had been fighting and had devoured each other all but the tails.—" The Dictionary of Phrase and Fable."

Manufactured only at 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONDON.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
THE GOVERNMENT AND THE AMNESTY OF IRISH PRISIONERS.

1 deputation from the Corporation of Dublin waited on Monday upon the Cilia Secretary to plead for amnesty for the political prisioners. The deputation based their appeal solely on the ground of mercy. Mr. Morley, in reply, said that the decision with regard to these prisioners had been come by the whole Cabinet, and he ad no desire to shirk his personal responsibility in the matter. He recognised no claim of these men for special or extraordinary clemency. He did not like to use the word" never "—a bad word in state- manship. The time might come when, in compliance with the universal desire of the Irish people, their cases might again be considered, and he for his part would be ready to reconsider the question with every desire to make concessions to a current of popular sentiments in Ireland which, he had to admit, was not without sorre justification on the past history of the country.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. BRUNNER AND THE HOUSE OF

LORDS.

A largely attended public meeting was held at Northwich on Monday evening, under the auspices of the Northwich Division Liberal Association. Mr. Henry Bratt, J.P., presided, and was supported by Mr. J. T. Brunner, M.P., and Mr. J. liowlands, M.P. for East Finsbury.—Dr. Hewitt, J.P., proposed a resolution to the effect that the meeting learned with satisfaction the definite position taken up by the Prime Minister at Bradford, and heartily assured him of its earnest support in the coming struggle to abolish the veto of the House of Lords. The Government was also thanked for the democratic legislation it had already passed.—Mr. Edward Milner, C.C., seconded. Mr. Brunner, in supporting the resolution, said he joined sincerely in the desire that the veto of the House of Lords should be abolished. There was not very much that was left of it, which followed from the fact that by resolution of the House of Commons, thrice repeated, the Lords were unable to make anr charge upon the people. The Lords could not touch their taxa- tion nor their local rating. In no way whatever could they interfere with the will and the decision of the House of Commons in any question relating to a charge upon the people. On a question of peace and war the representatives of the people were supreme. On the whole question of the government of the nation as far as money was concerned the House of Commons was supreme. The House of Lords could not appoint an official, except an unpaid one, without the leave of the people's representatives. They could not add a gun or a man to her Majesty's forces. On all these questions— and they were of the last importance—on all these ques- tions of foreign politics, of war, of payment of taxation, whether imperial or local, the representatives of the people were supreme. (Cheers.) They were now asked to declare that not only on matters of money, but on all matters that concerned their lives, their happiness, and their good government, their representatives should be supreme. (Cheers). What a condition of affairs it was that 560 men in the House of Lords, the origin of whose appearance there was in some cases to be acknowledged with shame, should be equal to the rest of her Majesty's subjects. There were in the United Kingdom, accord- ing to last year's register, 8,229,000 electors, and if they divided that number by 560 they would find that each peer was equal to 11,143 of his fellow men. (Laughter.) Was there a man amongst them so unmanly, so craven, as to allow that any man, no matter what his origin or rank might be, was equal to 11,000 men, that he had 11,000 times as much care for his neighbours, as much intelligence, or as much patriotism ? (Cries of " He agreed with Lord Rosebery, who said on Saturday that he could cunt upon the house of Commons and upon the country,and he was ready to send to the Prime Minister from that meeting a message that he might count upon them as a part of the country. (Cheers.) He prophesied that when the opinion of the country upon that great question was obtained there would be no fifth act ot the drama needed, but that it could finish with a very triumphant second act. (Loud cheers.) Mr. Rowlands, M.P., and others spoke, and the reso- lution was carried, as was also one expressing confidence in Mr. Brunner.

The tongue of a woman is smaller than that of a man Only one our, cf every fifteen persons have both eyes in good condition.

Every animal kept by man, excepting the cat, is taxed in Austria, and now there is a proposal to tax cats.

ii‘EXAMINER" STEAM PRINTING WORKS BRWSEY STRERT. WARRINGTON. GENERAL PRINTING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION Executed with Neatness and Despatch.

SPEcIALITY : ENVELOPES FROM 2. PER 11000.

BOOKBINDING!

ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALIA RINDS OF BOOKBINDING, ACCOUNT BOOKS, RULED, rItIN'IED, AND BOUND IN ANY STYLE.

JOHN WALKER AND Co., THE .

"EXAMINER STEAM PRINTING Womis

BEWSEY SXALiii, W

===== 0002601_18941103_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SAIURDAY NOVEMBER 3, 1894.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
ONE BOX OF CLARKES' B 41 PILLS is veil-- ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinar.v Orons. kreither sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Palm in the back. Gmaranteed free from Mercury. Sold in Boxes. 4s. ed. each. by Rll Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors - throughout the World ; or sent to any athiress for sixty stamp, by the Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DIIU,'• COMPANY, Lim:oln. Wholesale Agents; BAAL CLAY & SON London, and the Wholemle Houses.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0149.txt | included=true | included =====
rllO WLE'S PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS for _L Females, quickly correct all irregularities, remove all obstructions, and relieve the distressing symptoms so preva- lent with the sex. Boxes is. id. and 2s. 9d. of all elle jets sentanywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps by the maker, It T. TOWLE. Chemist, Nottingham .

===== 0002601_18941103_art0150.txt | included=true | included =====
SMITH'S TASTELESS DANDELION ANTIBILIOUS PILLS.

Is. 10. and 2s. 9d. per box (by post for 15 or 33 stamps). are a proved substitute for calomel. Are suited for either sex, and may be taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach, head and kidneys ; free the 9kin of humours. purify the blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and safety. after excess in eating or drinking. and are the most valuable at change of life, or periodical obstruction. No Blue Pill or Mer• curial s, hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S.. 280, Walworth-road, London.

PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER' CELEBRATED CORN BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, is. 1.(1., per box, by post for 15 stamps ; a known cure, however bad the ease. SMITH'S INVALUABLE PILE POWDER , AND PECTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZENGES SAME PRICES. • Sold by all Patent Med!eine Vendors

===== 0002601_18941103_art0151.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTAII LIE HED 8b

BIRKBECK BANK.

Southampton Buildings. Chancery Lane. Losiiro::. _ . _

TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEREST allowed DEPOSITS, repayable on demand. TWO per CENT. on CURRENT ACCOUNTS, ou minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below £IC,.:. STOCKS, SHARES, and ANNUITIES purcnased and SAVINGS DEPARTMENT

For the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receives mai/ sum on deposit, and allows luterest monthly on each completed £

BIRKBECTi BUILDING SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A HOUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTE.

BIRKBECK FREEFIOLD LAND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FA %E SKILLINGS Pk.R MONTE.

The BIRKBECK ALMANACK, with full particulars, post fre FRANCIS RAVENSCROFT, Manager.

crfOLTHE,BI.OOI}OMITIETLIM CLARKE'SII WORLWEAMED

===== 0002601_18941103_art0152.txt | included=true | included =====
BLOOD MIXTURE

THOUSANDS OF IEsTIMONIALS.

"We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on further to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to light, and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it to our subscribers and the public generally."

Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, from whatever cause arising For Scrofula, Scurvy. Liczema, skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects are marvellous. It is the only real specific for Gout and Rheumatic Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9d. and lls, each, of all Chemists. Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUGi COMPANY. LINCOLN. Beware of Worthless Imitations.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0153.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES!

DR. LIDINGTON'S NEW MEDICAL DISCOVERY for married or single women is positively the safest and most successful method known for removing all Irregularities and Obstructions no matter how caused oar long standing, no nau eous pills, powders, mixtures or any other useless stomach medicine to take. Failure impossible under this treatment. Sufferers may obtain particulars free or charge by sending stamped addressed envelope to Dr. LIDINGTON. 46 Southampton Buildings, Holborn. London.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0154.txt | included=true | included =====
FRANCIS MORTON

AND COMPANY, LIMITED,

LIVERPOOL. Invite Inquiries and Reference to tkeir

===== 0002601_18941103_art0155.txt | included=true | included =====
NEW CATALOGUE.

FENCING

AND GATE DEPARTMENT. F. M. 8c Co.'s well-known System of STRAINED CABLE & IRON FENCES now in use over some Thousands of Miles at Home and Abroad, is being continuaNy Improved upon to meet extended requirements, and complete informa- tion is supplied on application. RAILINGS

FOR PARK ENCLOSURES, PRIVATE GROUNDS, PUBLIC SITUATIONS, DOG KENNELS, &c.

ORNAMENTAL HIGH-CLASS

===== 0002601_18941103_art0156.txt | included=true | included =====
GATES,

TO NEW AND ORIGINAL DESIGNS, For Parks, Magsions, Villas &o.

STRONG FIELD GATES,

FOR FARMS, ORCHARDS, &c.

HURDLES NETTING:

TREE GUARK WIRE WORK.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0157.txt | included=true | included =====
CC)IOTUCIATIETC3ICTS•

BAR IRON FENCING,

Fitted with F. M. & Co's Solf-Lockiu

LONDON OFFICE : 17, VICTORIA Ste, Westminster.

rt, HUNDREDS of DELICATE • WOMEN are lost every year. by taking pills which purge 1 0 LADIES and injure, but do not do good. If you are . suffering send at once P.O. 2s. 6d,. for NA TU RE'S OWN REMEDY. Simple, Harmless. and never fails. Nothing can stand against it. Hundreds of genuine testimonials. Particulais on rec.-it of stamped envelope (under cover). Mrs. DAVEN• PO RT, 96, Black Bull Road. Folkestone.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0158.txt | included=true | included =====
WORTH A GUINEA A BOX.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0159.txt | included=true | included =====
ITN EN re ,•• PILLS,

FOR ALL

BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS,

sue. As SICK HEADACHE, CONSTIPATION,

===== 0002601_18941103_art0160.txt | included=true | included =====
EAK STOMACH

:MPAIRED DIGESTION,

DISORDERED LIVER

and FEMALE AILMENTS.

ANNUAL SALE, SIX MILLION BOXES.

In Boxes, 91d., ls. 10., and 2s. 9,i. each. with fu:l directions. The is. 1.3 d. Box rc_ .;ains 56 FLU.

PREPARED ONLY LY EE PROPRIETOR- THOMAS BEECIIAM, St. lialons, Lancashire.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0161.txt | included=true | included =====
BEECHAM'S TOOTH PATE

EFFICACIOUS—ECONOMICAL— CLEANSES THE TEETH—PERFUMES THE BREATH. In Collapsible Tubes, of all Druggists, or from the Proprietors, fGr is, post-paid.

AI A D:A M E FRAIN'S FAMOUS FEMALE MIXTURE. The most. powerful and effective on earth. For the most obstinate cases. Will not injure the most delicate. Price Is 61 (Strongest us bottle). Post free bd extra. HERPAL INSTITUTE, IA, HACKNEY-ROAD, (ie.eing Shoreditch Church), LONDON, N.B. Send at. once stamped directed envelope for particulars and proofs. I will forfeit £lOO for every testimonial that is not genuine, :ale. they can be seen at any time.

-

'7;64. ‘c.*, "

• . • i•-• 1

r 4 . ,

===== 0002601_18941103_art0162.txt | included=true | included =====
THERE ARE PLASTERS AND PLASTFTIS.

DR. PYYAR'S

AMERICAN PINE PLNSTERS. ARE MARVELLOUS AND RELIABLE. If you are troubled with Indigestion, Wind. or Sick- ness. DON'r TAKE MEDICINE. TRY PINAR'S PINE PLASTER, the most Wonderful Cure for Back Ache, Side che, Rheumatism. Lumbago, Sciatic,; inf.tt. the very worst Aches or Pains. THEY ACT LIKE MAGIC. Arrat-ful, Comforting, Stimulating, AND BRACE UP TLIE WHOLE SYSTEM. Astonishing Testimonials front all Classes. SUFFERERS FROM ASTHMA SHOULD TRY THESE WONDERFUL PLASTERS. DON'T HESITATE. TRY THIS WONDERFUL REMEDY AT ONCE. L your Chemist has not got it, sent Post Free for 91d. by the Proprietors, • LAWRENCE, AND CO., CHEMISTS, RHYL. AGENTS RUNCORN—Mr. J. IL Weston, Chemist. - W:.DNES—Mr. J. Benrett, Chemist, 33. Victoria Road. - EARLESTOWN—Mr. A. Peake, Chemist. WARRINGTON—Mr. J. R. Yonn, Chemist. ST. HELENS—Mr. G. Stringfellow, Central Stores. Mr. J. G. Wallbridge, Chemist. 52, Liverpool Road. NORTE-MICH—Mr. C. M. Blades, Chemist.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0163.txt | included=true | included =====
SOUTHPORT.

_ PRIVATE CONVALESCENT HOME. TERMS MODERATE. HIGHEST REFERENCES* MISSES MARRIOT AND BROWNE, TRAINED NURSES. KNYPEI3LEY HOUSE, PARK-ROAD.

FITS OR EPILEPSY. GIDDINESS, SENSATIONS, FAINTS.

I will demonstrate to the whole world how that most dreadful ot all complaints, " EPILEPSY." which has been hitherto considered incurable, can be permanently cured (without the chance of failure). Write with full hope and confidence to the Secretary." Burwood House, Burwood Place, Hyde park, London. He will send you, "Gratis," full instructions for cure, and advice on diet.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0164.txt | included=true | included =====
iLettirs to the Obttor.

IMlNkrg

===== 0002601_18941103_art0165.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HOUSE OF LORDS.

Sir,—The abolition of the House of Lords being one of the leading questions of the day,will you kindly allow me to make a few remarks on the subject. I hold Mr. Cha- mberlain mainly responsible for the Lords' rejection of the Horne Rule Bill, &c., because he is the aider and abettor of Salisbury in his policy. I think it is about time we had done with Lord Rule in England, for their rule means the benefiting of their own order. Then, again, the Lords talk a gr .1 deal about the separation of Ire- land from England if we grant Home Rule, but I believe the separation they most dread is the separation of the rack-rents of the tenants of Ireland from their pockets.— Yours truly, It. B.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0166.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH.

THE SHIVERING OF CHESTER ROAD.—On Tuesday afternoon at the fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Rural Sanitary Authority, Mr. J. Mclntyre presiding, the minutes of the last meeting of the Appleton Parochial Committee, held on the 26th October in the Bridge Inn, ,Appleton, were submitted for confirmation. They showed that the Clerk had read a letter from the Local Government Board sanctioning the further loan of £215 for works of sewering in Chester-road, such sum to be borrowed on the credit of the rates and to be repaid with interest within a period of 30 years from the date of the borrowing. The Clerk reported that he had pre- pared and forwarded the draft of the contract for 'executing the work to Messrs. Sayce and Randle for their approval, and had applied to the Public Works Loan Commissioners for the loan.—The minutes were con- firmed on the proposition of Mr. Joseph Knowles.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0167.txt | included=true | included =====
LYMM.

BurrEnsimusc CLASSES.—Under the auspices of the Cheshire County Council, classes in butter-making were held in the well-appointed dairy of Mr. Shakeshaft, Crouchley Farm, conducted by Miss Bowda,ge, of the Dairy Institute, Worleston, on Tuesday,Wednesday,and Thursday, last week. The attendance on the first day was 32, on the second, 31, and on the last day over 60. The cl.sses were very successful, and if the weather had not been so stormy it is very probable that there would have been arnuch larger gathering. POPULAR PENNY CONCERTS.—The second of these con- certs was held in the Masonic Hall, on Saturday night. The room was well filled, and the conceN which had been got up by Mr. Mather, was a very successful one. The trio, "Dame Durden," was well rendered by Messrs. Evans, Guest, and Cartledge. Mrs. Kellett, of Manches- ter, sang very sweetly, the song " A Sailogb Story." Mr. Rhndes,of Ilanchester, convulsed the aul-ince with a good comic song, and the quartette "Sweet and Low," by Messrs. Evans, Guest, Cartledge, and Mrs. Kellett, was well received. Miss Evans contributed a pianoforte 'Solo:And Master F. Rogerson was s,—.cessful in the ren- dering of the song "Ora pro nobis.. The second part of the concert was also given by the same artistes and Mr. Robmer also sang " She wore a Wreath of Roses."

===== 0002601_18941103_art0168.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAM.

Tax FRODSHAII WATERWORICS.—At the fortnightlY meeting of the Runcorn Rural Sanitary Authority held on Tuesday afternoon at Dutton Workhouse,the minutes of the previous meeting of the Frodsham Parochial Corn- tnittee. which took place op the 27th inst., were sub- mitted for confirmation. From the minutes it appeared that a letter had been read from the Local Gov ‘rnment Board with the scale of charges for the consumption of water from the Sanitary Authority's mains, and it was arrane'ed that the same be printed and delivered to con- sumers and others at a charge of threepence per copy. The Clerk reported that he had visited London with regard to the additional loan required for the compla,. tion of the water scheme, and had had an interview with the representatives of the Local Government Board. He produced and read the formal sanction of that body to a further expenditure and loan of £7OO, which was considered satisfactory. It was understood that certain local builders would have the option of tendering for the works at the pumping st?tion.—lt was also arranged that the duties of the superintendent engineer recommence from that date until the works were complete. It was pointed out that the superinten- -ding engineer had ceased to act on the 30th September. A communication was read from the Fr.: isliam Gas and Water Company with reference to the use of incandes- cent burners in the street lamps, and as it was found that it would entail an additional sum of £lO 10s., the committee anowed the matter to drop.—A discussion afterwards ensued on the new urban bye laws, which were approved by the committee. The Authority adopted the minutes. ALLEGED BIGAMY.—At Bolton, last week, John Henry Carter, late of Rochdale. was committed to the Assiz for bigamously marrying Fanny Rachel Blackburn in July, 1E92, his wife, to whom he was married in 1839, being alive. The prisoner left his wife at Frodshain, went to Horwich, where he lodged with Blackburn, and represented himself as a widower, sayirag that his wife •was buried at Salford Cemetery. BILLIARD MATCH.—The members of the Beaconsfield Conservative Club journeyed on Saturday to Frodsham and engaged in a friendly game f-,r hilliards at the Conser- vative Club with the club membefi. The match resulted in favour of the vinitors by 84 points: FRODSHAM PETTY SESSIONS.

tVEDNEsnAT.—Before Messrs. Charles Reynolds and Alfred

Thomas.

TEMPORARY AUTHORITY.—An application made by Mr. Linaker, solicitor, Runcorn, on behalf of Mithridath Vickers, for a temporary authority to sell beer at the Volunteer Inn, Frodsham, was granted. The license was previously held by James Marsh. RENEWAL OF LlCENSES.—Licenses for the sale of var- ion!, kinds of explosives were renewed to the following : —Thomas Hough, William Nodin, F. W. Dunsford, and J. W. Rothwell. THEFT OF CARRoTs.—John Darlington, 13 Years of age, was charged with stealing a quantity of carrots, valued is. which were (Towing in enclosed land at Fred- sham Lordship on the 21th September.—James Andrews the owner of the stolen vegetables and who resides at Mickle Dale, said that for some time his carrots have been stolen and he was now compelled to take these pro- ceedings in order to stop such petty larcenies. He de- posed to catching the accused with carrots in his pos- session. The defendant was with another boy,and they were both on his (prosecutor's) land.—Owing to Mr. Andrews stating that he did not wish to press the case, the defendant was discharged upon payment of costs (4s. 6c1.) and warned as to his future conduct. CONTRATENTION OF THE MUZZLING ORDER.—For allow- ing their dogs to stray into public places without wear- ing muzzles, John Taylor, and John Worrall were each ordered to pay 4s. 6d. costs. add Helsby - -

THE NEW RATE.—On Wednesday morning' at the Prod- sham Petty Sessions,Messrs. Charles 11,.ynolds and Alfred Thomas affix,d their statures to the new poor rato lid, in the £, estimated to realize the sum ot £347 ..16s. lid.

WORTH KNOWING.—WOODEND'S FAMOUS NINE OILS. is s. boon to sufferers and i:cts like magic in all cases of RHEUMATISM, SPRAINS, BRUISES, and STIFF JOINTS. Pthe Is. 4d. Der bottle, carriage paid.—J.WooDEND. chemist. 2.2. Pitt-street. Liverpool.—Adrt.

NOTES ON GAMES AND

===== 0002601_18941103_art0169.txt | included=true | included =====
ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

The traditions which hover round the meetings of the Swinton and Warrington clubs were kept up on Satur- day, and again the home team were successful. It is a very singular circuri -lance that in the ten previous matches to Saturdays,each team had won four,lost four, and drawn two. The wins had been on the home ground on every occasion, and there had been also one draw on each ground. Swinton had however a slight advantage in the fact that they had scored six goals, eight tries, whereas, Warrington had only scored five goals, six tries.

Warrington is truly a thorn in the side of Swinton, for last year, Swinton wont through the whole of the- competition up to the last match but one,withont defeat when they had to encounter Warrington, and had to retire dvfeated by a goal and a try to nil, thus robbing them of their championship to which they would have been entiticl otherwise, by a superior average of points. Warrington actually claimed three out of four possible points from Swintoa last year.

The Swinton " Lions " have fallen upon evil times this year. owing to various changes in the personnel of their team. For instance, the international, F. P. Jones, has returned to his first love, New Brighton, and Valentine, although still a brilliant player, is not as good as he once was. The result has becs that this far they have not won a single match in the competition, and have only drawn two. In fact they now hold the lowest place in the competition. This is a downfall indeed, and one which all good sportsmen would wish to see quickly altered. It would be a pity to see this once mighty team fighting for its place in the Le .gue at the end of the season.

The match on Saturday wra of a much more exciting description than the last one seen on the ground, and notwithstanding the low position Swinton occupy on the league table, they drew a larger " ,rate " than usual, there being about 5,000 present. The Warrington team completely overplayed their opponents at the commence- ment of the game, but as they did not put the requisite finishing touches on, they made no score, and there was great consternation when Lewis got over near the goal posts, for Swinton. There was a suspicion of a knock forward before Lewis got the ball, but the try was allowed nevertheless. Valentine would not do amiss if he would practise a little Rugby goal kicking. for he evidently thought that he was playing aissocietion, and his kick sect the ball below instead of above the bar.

The Swintonians having obtainel the lead of a try kept this until the middle of the second half, and there was an ominous silence on the field ,but this was broken, when Jolley was able to equalise. This was however nGthing compared to the shQut which ensued when in the last minute of the match Buckley scored the winning point, and Burton placed the result beyond all doubt by kicking a goal. This ending was totally unlonked for, as play appeared to have settlei down in one place. It was in fact a last desperate charge upon the enemy's fortress which carried the day. • Such an ending will long be remembered by those who witnessed it, and Buckley and Burton are to be congratulated upon it.

The result fairly represented the difference of the two teams, for Warrington were superior in almost every department, the half-back division being the most equally matched. Bocow played a grand game, and but for his clevernees, Swinton might have gained more than one try, Winterbottom at the other end alEo played a good game. The Warrington threequarter line was stronger than usual, for Hampson made a most promising debut in first class football. Burton and he worked well together as they know each other's play. They were however too much neglected. They had not a fair chance of showing what they could do, Nr almost all the play was at the other end. Potts was too reluc- tant in his passing, and thus lost many chances of putting his side on the aggressive, which he might have done by a timely pass. Cunningham had a tremendous amount of work, and he got through it very creditably. The half-backs as I before mentioned were very evenly matched, but Pearson was probably the best.

The Warrington forwards to a man worked bard, and it was entirely through their exertions that each try was obtained. They appeared to overthrow all opposition on each occasion when they got over, and it will be noticed that it wr • a forward on each occasion that scored, viz., Jolley and Buckley. The Warrington team have secured a reli-ble goalzkicker at length in the per- son of Burton, who when playing for St. Marv' s was a very sure kick. He was able, on Saturday, notwith- standing the darkness to kick a goal from a difficult angle, and this was the first Warrington have gained in any of the League fixtures.

The League is becominc, very interesting, for the hitherto invincible Oldham team, who a fortnight ago beat a team by two goals, thirteen tries to nil, were beaten on Saturday by the bottom club of the League— Rochdale Hornets. Wigan also met with defeat, and as a consequence Warrington are level with Wigan in points. and only one point behind Oldham and Tyldes- lev. Our local team are therefore not ewt of the running yet by any means. The following is tho posi- tion of the League table up to date:—

For. Agst.

Pld. Won. Lost. Dm. G. T. G. T. Pts Oldham Tylde.ley Wigsn. Warrington St. Helens *Salford Rochdale Hornets Broughton Rangers 4 ... 1 ... 3 ... 0 ... 3 2 ... 6 6 ... 2 Swinton , 6 *LPigh 0 ... 0 ... 0 ... 0 ... 0 0 ... 0 0 ... 0

* ieigh, hav;ng been suspend.eJ .fOrs. Pr—ofessionalism, will not take any nart in the compel ition this season. Salford. on October 16, stru.;k out of the competition for the same reason.

SWIMMING.

A more successful gala than the one held at the Cnr. poration Baths, Legh-st., could hardly have wished for The building wag completely crowded, the handicaps were well patronized, and the other exhibitions were excellent. There were 60 entries for one handicap and 32 for the other. E. A. Jones for Warrington swam exceptionally well, winning in his heat and coming in 4th in the 100 yards final. The most exciting race of the evening was of course the one in which J. H. Tyeis and R. Sbarrack took part. For the first three lengths of this heat Sharrack with 3 secs. start seemed to be having it all his own way until the 4th and last length when Tyers amid terrific applause drew ahead and came in a good first. A disappointment was in store however for later on it was announced that Tyers could not swim in the final as he had to leave for an engagement at the Manchester Swan. Throughout the heats both St. Helens and Warrington men made a good show. Master W. H. Curwen astonished the spectators with his clever fancy swimming performance which would have put to shame many an older swim- mer. He is well built for his 11 Years and shows both confidence and skill in his exhibition. Nuttall. though unsuccessful in his attempt to beat Tyers' 250'vds. record swam very strongly and received a deserved ovation of applause. In his long plunge or port,. from the diving- boari J. McHugh gave strong evidence of his power as a distance diver. The event of the evening was, of course, the final league contest between St. Helens and Warring- ton. On entering the bath it was noticed that in point of weight the two teams were about equal and for the first ten minutes We .rington, in the shallow end,pushed their opponents hard, causing some consternation among the visitors by scoring twice without any return. Then St. Helens got one in and on the change of sides the St. Helens men showed their superiority and ran out victors by three goals to tw.. Though beaten the Warrington men could hardly have played bett .r. The man they had to fear most was Sharrnck, who, being a county man, was in advance of the local team by his q nick and long shooting. Without him it is very doubtful if the "one man team," as it is called, would have returned home the possessors of the cup. Scotson, Locker and Turner played with a eir accustomed dash bat were too well watched to do much in the scoring line, though Locker shot both the Warrington goals. The combina- tion in both teams was excellent, each man being "marked " throughout the match by his sipponent.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0170.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF THE CZAR.

The Emperor of Russia died at Yalta on Thursday afternoon. Intelligence of the sad event was transmitted to all the capitals of Europe, and was received every- where with feelings of regret. The late Czar was born at St. Petersburg in 1845,and succeeded his father when that Monarch was assassinated by Nihilists in 1881. In 1866 he married the Princess Dagmar of Denmark, sister of the Princess of Wales. He is succeeded by his eldest son, the Grand Duke Nicholas, who was born at St. Petersburg in 1868, and is betrothed to Princess Mix of Hesse, a granddaughter of Queen Victoria.

CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS.

Small Pill. Dose. Price.

ely Vege- table.

Otr.. _ Jrpid Liver, Bile, Sallow Complexion. and fitcl.: Headaches prenTiptly : and cure them so as to stay cured. Cheihists, Is. rfrd.

, Small ivw Forty in FIC7 vial. Pure: ,re To

===== 0002601_18941103_art0171.txt | included=true | included =====
-

BEAUTIFUL TEETH for ail who use daily on the tooth brush a few drops of SOZODONT, the pleasanteet dentifrice in the worM.

Cleanses the teeth and spaceg between then( ax nothing else will. Sound and pearly white teeth, rosy lips, and fragrant breath ensured. Ask for SOZODONT.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0172.txt | included=true | included =====
: 40' • -'6llll

THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 3,

SUDDEN DEATH.

On Monday Morning, Mr. Owen, sen., of Bank-st. died very suddenly. He had been declining in health from some time past, having reached an advanced age, but he was not confined to his bed. Immediately he came down stairs on Monday morn- ing he fell to the ground,and on the members of the household going to him they found that life was extinct.

KID GLOVES, lined silk, splendid value, 2s. 6d, per pair.— EVANS', 17, Sank-y st , Warrington.—Advt. CONCERT AT THE CO-OPERATIVE HALL.

A concert was given in the above named hall, Sankey-st., on Monday evening. The following were the artistes :—Miss Eckersley (soprano), Miss Richardson (contralto), Mr. W. H. Wallington (baritone), Mr. W. Dock rey (tenor),Sergeant Riches (solo clarionet), the Latchford Quartette, and Mr. W. Whittle, the " Lancashire Chevalier." All the items were well received, and the concert was brought to a close by a laughable sketch, entitled "The Black Judge," which was given by the White Star Minstrels, the following members taking part in it :—Messrs. G. Coggins, Emson, Atkinson,Srnith, Newton, and Master Kilduff. Messrs. Ilassal, New- ton, Glover and Pownall (also members of the above troupe) were loudly applauded for their rendering of the duet, " Larboard Watch." Mr. 0. 'raeger and Miss A. Bentley were the accompan- ists, and Mr. Dalton acted as chairman.

Special Line of Ladies' FUR-TOPPED, LINED KID GLOVES, IS.II{L per pair.—Evikn',l7, Sankey-st.,Warrington.—Adrt. STOVES.—GARLAND, Range Fitter, Bridge-street, Warring- ton.—Advt. SALE OF WORK, &C., AT ST. JAMES'.

A sale of work and iiimrCiage sale in aid of the church funds was held on Saturday afternoon in the St. James' schools. The sale of work goods included, those which had been left over from last year's sale and the rummage goods were given by the parish- ioners and friends. Mrs. Stanton, of Thelwall, per- formed the opening ceremony. Forty pounds was the amount of the proceeds on Saturday. The sale was continued on Monday, and realized £7.

HIGH CLISR TAILORING.—N„ew Autumn and Winter Goods; New Textures. cho:ce designs ; Mo,!erate Prices.—BOYDELL BROS., Bridge Street, Warrington.—Advt. EBENEZER CHAPEL 1-JARVEST FESTIVAL.

Mr. J. R. Allen, of Lynam, preached excellent sermons both morning and evening at this chapel on Sunday. In the afternoon a P.S.A. was held, conducted by Messrs. Mounfield, Stamford and Wibberley. The building was beautifully decor- ated with fruit, flowers, &c., which were arranged by the teachers, scholars, and friends, who showed great willingness in their work. Solos were ren- dered in good style by Miss E. Finch, and Mr. A. Cook. Several anthems were rendered by the choir A collection was taken at night in aid of the chapel funds. SEWING MACHINES, Hand £2 18s. 6d. Treadle £4 4s. with handsome walnut cover —J. and W. DUTTON, 16 and 18. Sank ev-st. Warrington —Advt. All the latest styles in LADIES' JACKETS fur-trimmed and tailor-made.— EVANS', 17,Sankey-it., Warrington.— h. dvt. WARRINGTON CHAMBER OF COMMERCE. The monthly meeting of the Chamber of Com- merce was held on Monday. It was decided that in order to give the members additional facilities for the adjustment of any disputes as to railway rates,the Chamber join the Mansion House Associa- tion on Railway and Canal Traffic. The relations between the Town Council and the Ship Canal Co. were also discussed, and the matter was adjourned for further consideration. The secretary was in- structed to write to: the Dublin Chamber of Com- merce in supportof their attempt to secure an accelerated mail service between Dublin and Lon- don. This was all the business. Large Assortment of FURS, newest styles. and choice skins.—EvaNs', 17, San key-st., Warringt,n.—Adut. GUN ACCIDENT—NARROW ESCAPE OF A WOMAN.

About seven o'clock on Monday night an unusual scene was witnessed in Church-st. It appears that a man carrying a gun was going along Church-st. land when opposite Menrs. Rylands Bros'. works from some unexplained cause the charge exploded, and a bullet grazed the cheek of Mrs. Thornley,of, Greenall-st. Amid the excitement which ensued both were taken to the police station, where it was found that the accident was not so serious as at first appeared. After full explanations hnd been Oven they were both allowed to go home. Beyond the temporary fright and shock the woman was uninjured. HIGH CLASS TAILORING.—New Ulsterings, New Snit!no, New Trouserings, New Overeoltings. High • Class Work"; Moderate Prices.—BOYDELL BROS., Bridge Street, Warring ton.—Advt. -

ALL HOUSEHOLD LlNrii hemmed and marked, free of charge, —J . and W. DUTTON. SankeV-Rt., Warrington, —Advt. BUCKLEY-ST. BAND OF HOPE.

The second limelight entertainment in connec- tion with the above was held on Saturday evening, in the Buckley-st. Sunday School. The entertain- ment baying been opened by singing and prayer, Mr. T. Trow gave a reading "Dick's Fairy," and Mr. J. Bate pleased the audience with his singing of "Land ahead." Mr. E. Trornan was well received for the reading "How Uncle Pompey jined de plege." The hymn "Yield not to temptation," which was illustrated, was sung. Limelight views of different local spots were given. including Winwick Lodge, the Town Hall, Latchford Locks, Sze. The lantern was manipulated by Mr. Simpson, assisted by Mr. A. Leech. A very pleasant evening was brought to a close by the singing of the Doxo- logy. HIGH CLASS TAlLGRlNG.—Specialities in Evening Dress Newest materials; Cut and finished in West End Styles Dress Suits from 70s.—BOYDELL BROS., Bridge Street, War- rington.— .4dtt. ALL HOUSFHOLD LINEN', hemmed and marked, free of charge. —.T. and W. DurroN. Sankev-st., Warrington.—Advt. LECTURE AT BOLD-STREET WESLEYAN CHAPEL._

On Monday evening, a lecture was given upon the subject "coal tar" by Mr. W. M. Jones, F.C.S., in the Bold-street Wesleyan Schoolroom. The Rev. G. D. Mason presided. The lecturer said coal tar was a by-product which is produced in the manufacture of coal gas. When coal gas was in its infancy, and science had not found any use for the coal tar which was produced in its mantifacture, very large Sums were paid by the gas works' proprietors to anyone who would take this great nuisance away. He then went on to describe how the different sub- stances were got from coal tar, and their uses in the commerce of this country. The lecture was illus- trated by a number of experiments, and after the lecture the audience were invited to make an inspection of a number orsubstances which were exhibited, end which had been manufactured from coal tar. The meeting was brought to a close by a hearty vote of thanks to the lecturer. sokicria RAIN PROOF OVERCOATS, yet porous. 555., C- jAcxsox HOLEs, General Outfitter, Market Gate, Warring- ton.--Adrt. Choice A,Fo-tment of CRILDRENS' MAIs ILES, and JACKETS, in all the most fashionable colours and styles.—Evalisl, 17, Sankey-st., Warrinon FUNERAL OF THE LATE MR. ALFRED GREENALL. The funeral of the late Mr. Alfred Greenall, brother of the Mayor of Warrington (Alderman E. Greenall) took place at. Grappenhall Church on Saturday afternoon. The flag on the church tower floated half-mast high, and the bells rang a muffled peal, while most. of the residents had the blinds of their !louses drawn, The coffin was borne from the hall on a bier, by Messrs. Daintith and Longshaw, two of the oldest workmen on the estate. Among those present were, Mrs. Greenall, Lady Greenall, Sir Gilbert Greenall, Mr. Cyril Greenall, Mr. E. G. Davies. Mr. Wynne Jones, Mr. F. M. Appleton, Mr. W, C. Jones, Mr. Henry Greenall, Mr. Peter Greenall, Mrs. Logan Wright, Mr. Peter Stubs, Mr. James Tinsley, Mr. Harrison Tinsley, Mr, James Tinsley, junior, Mr. Charles Tinsley,Alderman Bolton, Alder- man Hutchinson, Mr. Rose, Mr. George Dakin, Councillor James Fairclough, Mr. John White, Major Ridgway, Mr. George Pilling, and Mr. Alfred Dakin. The employes from the distillery present were Nlessrq. Chidlaw, Lonseiale, J. Macaulay, J. Ince, Richards and Jeop. The servants from the hall and all the employes on the estate were also present. The officiating clergy were the Rev. Richard Greenall, rector; the Rev. Canon Dodd, vicar of Stretton ; the Rev. H. V. Pigot, vicar of St. Paul's, Warrington. The service was choral, and the hymn "Now the labourer's task is o'er" was sung; while the funeral party left the church the Dead March in "Saul " was played on the organ. At the graveside the hymn commencing "Brief lire is here our portion" was sung. The coffin was of fumigated oak, with brass mounts and illuminated plate. The funeral arrangements were carried out in an admirable mum- r by Messrs. S. E. and R. Johnson. Bridge -street. A large numbet of choice wreaths had been forwarded by sorrowing friends, one of the most beautiful being from the deceased's mother. wi.ich was buried with the coffin. The Mayor (Alderman Fdward Greenall) was, owing to indisposition unable to follow the remains of his brother to the grave. SEWING MACHINES Hand £2 18s. Ad. Treadle £4 4s. with handsome walnut coven—J. and W. Durrox, 16 and 18, Sankev-at.. Warrington. —Advt.

METHOROL,GY.—TI.e mean tempertture was 45 Fah and therefore 6 de2. cYder than the preceding week The maximum tempfrature 60 F., was recorded on the 14'1,9+,0%, and the minimum te nperature 35 F., on the 18th inst. • cAubuny's Cocos has in a remarkable d.gree tho.e natural elem n of sustenance whiel give the system ndnrance and hirdihoil, building up mu+cle and bodily vigour w'th a steady acticn livit renders it a mist r,..113b1e and acceptable bevetsr."—llialth.

v7i'v,twf'" 4FA°4V2fra'

===== 0002601_18941103_art0173.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

P.S.A. AT THE Y.M.C.A.

On Sunday afternoon the chair was taken at the above meeting by Mr. Herbert Westbrook, who de- livered an address on "The mission of the spirit." A discourse on "Cant in various forms " was also delivered. Two solos were rendered by Mr. A. Griffiths, one" The sailor's grave " being exception- ally good. Mr. F. Hickman was the accompanist and Messrs. W. H. Bayley and Mr. Hurst also took part in the meeting. WORKINGMEN'S GOSPEL TEMPERANCE MISSION HALL.

On Sunday evening, a Gospel temperance meet- ing was held in the above hall. Mr. John Drury presided. Temperance addresses were delivered by Mr. R. Storey, Mr. A. liorrocks, Mr. S. Stringer. The latter gentleman and Miss Stringer also con- tributed a duet.

HIGH CLASS TAlLORlNG.—Maznificent range of Tweed f_‘ its irom 50s. Cut in Latest Styles every attention given to detail. High Class Work.—BOYDELL BROS., Bridge Street, Warrington.— Advt. TRE WARRINGTON WHISKY STEALING CASE.

At the Liverpool Quarter Sessions, on Tuesday, before Sir W. B. Forwood and other magistrates. Thomas Sauce (27), described as a labourer, was brought up on 'he charge of having stolen a jar of whisky, the property of the London and North- Vestern Railway Company, at Wa rington. The tcts of the case have been previously reported. After hearing the evidence the prisoner was acquittett —Andrew Sauce (24), labourer, was found guilty of having feloniously received a jar contain- ing six gallons of S,-,.otch whisky, the property of same company, and was sentenced to two months' imprisonment with hard labour. ALL HOUSEHOLD LINEN, hemmed and marked free of charge.—J. and W. MiTTON. Sankey-st., Warrington.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0174.txt | included=true | included =====
ORFORD HARRIERS.

The above club had an inter-club race on Satur- day last with the Barnton Harriers, and it ended in a victory for the Warrington Harriers by 5 points. The route was through Burtonwood and round Sankey Chapel, about 7 miles, and straight along Liverpool-road to home. The competitors finished as fo;lows

BARTON H. WARRINGTON 0. H. Abberiton

Cottrell Dawson _

Johnson Dar wen ll J. Hiucl,cliffe

The first 5 of each Club counted. The Orford Harriers have never been beaten in Warrington. Splendid Assortment of LADIES' MACKINTOSHES, and PALETOTS, in all the newest styles.—EvANs', 17, Sanliepst.. Warrington.—Advt. ODDFELLOWSHIP AT WARRINGTON.

The ordinary lodge of the Travellers' Rest branch of Oddfellows was held on Saturday, when some of the members and officers of the Loyal Prince of Wales Lodge, with G. S. Emson, visited the lodge and contributed to the harmony of the meeting. Bra. Lawson gave the first toast of the evening, which was "Success to the Visiting Brethren." Songs were rendered by N.G. Farrington, P.G. Hamblet, G.M. Ryan, P.G. Sumner, V.G. Gartland, Prov. G. S. Emson, and Bro. Bramwell. At the cos- cluston of the programme, a hearty vote of thanks was proposed to the visiting brethren by N.G. Horrooin, for their" many contributions to this en- joyable evening." SEWING MACHINES, Hand £2 18s. 6d. Treadle £4 4s. with handsome walnut cover.-7. and W. DUTTON, 16 and 13, Sankey-st., Warrington.—Adrt. LATCHFORD GOOD TEMPLARY.

The weekly session of the Bonehill Branch Lodge of the Independent Order of Good Ternplars was held in the Temperance Hall on Monday evening. There as an excellent attendance. Bro. Ben. Walker, C.T., presided. The minutes of the previ- ous session were read and passed. The programme for the evening consisted of a paper by Bro. W. Sandford entitled "The work of temperance of the present day, and the teetotaller's outlook." His subject was treated under three headings: I, The social aspect; 2, political aspect; and last, but not least, the religious aspect. A very interesting de- bate followed. Bro. A. Ford opened with an address, after which Bro. H. Richardson moved a vote of thanks to the essayist. Bro. J. Boscow seconded the proposition, which was well supported by Bros. J. Ditch field, H. Blease, E. Cliffe, F. Pear- son, F. A. Jenkins, L. Ellison, and B. Few; Bro. W. Sandford suitably responded, and the meeting was closed by singing and prayer. A HORSE IN A FIX.

On Monday night, as a farmer's cart laden with grain was emerging from the Eagle and Child entry, into Bridge-street, it aim, st ran into one of the 'buses belonging to the Warrington Carriage Com- pany, which was coming from the direction of Market Gate. In order to avoid a collision the driver of the cart pulled up sharply, with the result that the cart, being heavily weighted at the back, tipped up, carrying the horse into the air. There were on the cart, besides the driver, a woman with a baby in her arms and a little girl. All were thrown out and buried underneath the grain. The woman received an ugly gash on the head, but the children and the driver escaped uninjured. A number of men set to wotk to extricate the horse, which was in imminent risk of being strangled. In his struggles he broke one of the shafts, which made its position still more painful. Ultimately, however, the cart was righted, and the poor animal was released from the harness. CONCERT IN ST. PETER'S SCHOOLROOM.

On Monday evening a very successful concert was held in St. Peter's schoolroom, John-st., in aid of the approaching sale of wotk. In spite of the unfavourable weather, the room was crowded. The -inging throughout was admirable, .‘ The Sonnet lii;Thway" snd " Irish Piper," by Miss Pemberton, and " The Gift" and " The Holy City," by Miss Hegr..Y.s, being especially well rendered. Mr. Pearson and Mr. Thompson, who were in good voice, gave respectively. "Gates of the West" and "Holy Friar,. in excellent style. The play, " A Backward Child," by the Misses Broadbent, was excellently rendered and appreciated. The Bros. Seymour excelled them- sPlves in their 'knock-about" performance. The singers were ably accompanied by Miss Pendlebury and Mr.Newail. A vote of thanks to the performers brought the meeting to a close. TiNGINE ons.—GA.RLAND, 51, Bridge-street, Warringtoa. Advt

===== 0002601_18941103_art0175.txt | included=true | included =====
DEATH OF A FORMER PADGATE INHABITANT.

The funeral of Mrs. Mary Antrobus wife of Mr. James Antrobus, of Manchester, and eldest daueiter of the late Mr. James Paul, a former landlord of the Stocks Inn, Padgate, who died at her residence on Thursday, at the aqe of 55 years, took place on Saturday afternoon, at Christ Church, Padg.ate. The Rev. J. J. Langharn officiated. The relatives present at the funeral were deceased's two sons, Messrs. James Paul and Albert Antrobus; two daughters. Mrs. Andrews and Miss Ada Antrobus Mr. A. W. Paul, of Warrhigton, and Miss Maggie; Paul (brother and sister), Mr. Henry Antrobus. sen, and Mr. Henry Antrobus, jun.; Messrs. Joht, Robert, Thomas, and Samuel Antrobus, and Mr. Andrews (son-in-law), besides a number of friends of the deceased.

LASIPS.—GARLAND, Ironmonger, Warrington and Earles- town.— Adrt.

THE SHOCKING RAILWAY ACCIDENT NEAR WARRI§GTON.

An inquest on the body of John Dobson, a plate- layer, who was killed on Friday afterniaon near Warrington by an express train, was held on Satur- day at the Walton Arms, Walton, before Mr. Worsley, coroner. Mr. Jones, inspector, appeared on behalf of the Railway Company.—The first wit- ness called was John James Dobson,the father, who said that he was a platelayer. He was with the deceased on Friday afternoon at 1.50 on the line between Acton Grange Viaduct and Walton New Junction. There were four of them return- ing to work after dinner. The deceved, who had gone to fetch something he had left behind before he went for his dinner, would be from 40 to 50 yards away from them. Seeing the Manchester express coming, witness shouted to the deceased to beware, and he replied, " A.ll right." He saw the engine strike the deceased and cut off his head and one of his legs. The deceased, who was quite sober, had been a platelayer for about 29 years. The driver of the train whistled at about the same time that witness gave the alarm, and drew up as soon as possible.—Richard Forster, platelayer, Moore, gave corroborative evidence.—Theii driver of the Great Western express train, Henry Smith, was also called. He stated that he was on the look out and saw the accident. He pulled up as soon as possible. The man was dead when picked up. The Coroner, in summing up the evidence to the jury, said the driver was entirely free from blame. His conduct was commendable inasmuch as he stopped the train immediately, hoping that, if the man was alive,he might be taken on to the nearest railway station and thence to a hospita'.—The jury returned a verdict of " Accidental death."

When you have bronchitis, look alive ! Don't I.tlit run into something more serious. Take Scott's Envilsionof Cod Liver Oil at once. Itwill ease you,. inflammation and effect a speeds- recovery. Scott's Einti'sion is el, adapted to all lung troubles. It supplies new lit”g tissr• and stops wao—.. 1113 sician' . the world over, endorce it. Che-nists sell it. 2s. Cd. and els. ed,—(2o)

- • • P. -

===== 0002601_18941103_art0176.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
L

===== 0002601_18941103_art0177.txt | included=true | included =====
1894.

OUR LOCAL CHURCHES-WARRINGTON. SERMON TO WORKINGMEN BY THE REV. D. W.

ROBERTS.

A service for workingmen was held at the Baptist chapel, Golhorne-street,on Sunday evening, the preacher being the pastor,the Rev. D. W. Roberts. The re.v.gentle- man took as his text Phil. iv. c. 2v. In the course of his address he said that life was, in one sense, a battlefield, where the battle for supremacy and for liberty had been, and was being continually, fought, whether by nation or individual. Humanly speaking, the grand crisis in the history of the world was the cantest between freedom and despotism,at the plain of Marathon ,where the Greeks saved Europe from falling under the rule of the Persian despot. Another crisis was when England was delivered from the spirit of bieotry and tyranny of Philip II ef 'Spain, by the defeat of the renowned Armada. The battle of Waterloo also freed Europe from the despotism of Napoleon. The last effectual blow to slavery was e..iyen at the great American civil war. Great as those conquests had been, and great as had been the liberty and freedom following them, a greater deliverance was wrought by the world's redeemer on Calvary 1900 years ago. That would be their one theme throughout eter- nity. Never was a greater battle. fought. It was be- tween light and darkness, life and death, salvation and sin, and man might now rejoice in the liberty where- with Christ had made him free. Next to the battle which Jesus Christ had fought was the battle which men were fighting for the liberty of the human race. They often sang, " Britons never shall be slaves," but was that so ? Was he not a slave to capital, and circumstances over which he had no control? It was not by his free-will that the working men of to-day worked twelve or four- ten hours, took competitive wage, lived ie poor tene- ments at high rents, &c. They were struggling to free themselves by means of strikes,protest, organisation,anci even desperation of physical violence. The Apostle Paul in the text condemned exclusive selfishness, and incul- cated Christian sympathy and generosity. He showed that only as they were actuated by those influencing motives they "could esteem others better than them- selves," and " look on the things of others." They were not to consult each his own interest but cherish mutual sympathy, and engage in mutual co-operation. They had to interest themselves in the concerns of others—the employer for the employe and the employe for the em- ployer—in Christian love and sympathy. He was not regardless of the fact that workingmen were for the most part regardless as to the interests of their masters, and were therefore selfish for the tendency was to consider one's own sensual gratification to the extent that work was neglected,and even when done was done in such a careless manner that it would not bear the test, and, consequently, the em- ployer sufferei, and the workman must naturally do so in time. He had never heard of an instance of a man fail- ing who studied the interests of his employers as if they were his own. He was afraid that there was too much selfishness and callousness to the feelings of others in the assertion of one's rights. There were thousands of workingmen who believed in an" Eight Hour " Bill (and he, the speaker, did for some trades), and they would attend a demonstration in favour of the Bill on a Saturday afternoon, and denounce in the bitterest of terms the unfeeling conduct of their masters. But where did they find such after nine o'clock in the evening? See them making purchases at shops which they could have done quite as well in the earlier part of the day. By doing it after nine o'clock at night they debarred the poor assistants who had been running about all the day, not only from the chance of an eight hour day, but in SOM3 cases, even from a twelve or fourteen hour day. Who kept the different places or shops open for trade on the Sabbath Day, and thus deprived others of a day of rest? How the workingman would frown and agitate if he himself were deprived of enjoying the Sabbath. Yet he deprived others, for if he did not buy the shop would not open. Then there were those who held up their hands in holy horror at the iniquities of the sweat- ing system, and yet went from shop to shop where there was a chance of saving a penny, knowing full well that the extra cheapness of an article could only be got by an extra pinch of the already underpaid worker. It might be that they were now wearing a pair of boots,or an article of clothing made by an ill-fed workman, a stunted hollow-eyed girl, or a poor sewing woman, who had had to pawn her shawl to get bread for herself and her children. Let them be done with such indifference and selfishness, and when they asserted their own rights let them "look on the things of others," and feel for them.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0178.txt | included=true | included =====
SERVICES FOR THE PEOPLE.

The usual weekly service was held on Sunday, in the Bold-street Wesleyan Chapel, and was opened by the band playing Flandel's " Largo." The Rev. J. Kirtlan, superintendent of the circuit, presided, and a short adlress was given by Mr. J. R. Allen, of Lymm. Mr. Fieldhouse gave an excellent rendering of the solo " The Star of Bethlehem," and Mr. A dcroft played a clarionet solo.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0179.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. JOHN'S PRESBYTERIAN SUNDAY SCHOOL.

The Sunday school anniversary services in connection with &John's Presbyterian Church,Winwick-st TA were held on Sunday. In the morning the Rev. J. Warn.ck M.A., B.D.,officiated, and in the evening the Rev. James Lees,of Manchester,gave an interesting discourse. There was a good congregAtion at each service and the collec- tions realised a satisfactory amount.

FORELGN COMPETITION IN THE IRON TRADE.

A WARRINGTON MANUFACTURER'S OPINION' At, the Iron and Steel Trade Conference in Glasgow on Tuesday, Mr. Jeremiah Lyon (London) sent a paper on the special conditions affecting our iron trade with India. The paper stated that the British iron manufacturer was being gradually elbowed out of the Indian market by the Belgian and German competitors. He asked why it was to-day that iron could be shipped by steamer from Antwerp to Bom- bay or Calcutta at 10s. per ton, while from London or Liverpool it was 15s. 9d. per ton. So far as London was concerned, the carrying trade to Bom- bay, Madras, and C-lcutta was exclusively in the hands of two powerful cottp-2..nies, both of whom were heavily subsidised, the one by the Government and the other by the Government of India. For some reason the Penin- sular and Oriental Company was so desirous of helping the Belgian iron trade that it sent its own steamers to load in Antwerp, and would brine' iron from there to London and thence to Bombay or Calcutta for 10s. per ton. He wished the Association to grasp that astound- ing fact. The English iron trade was further b 3rdened by tha higher rates charged by our railway companies, as comphred with those charged in Belgium. If the English railways charged relatively 'the same as the Belgian the rate from Birmingham to Birkenhead would be 4s. Id., as against 123. 6d. Hence the Birmingham iron manufacturer stood at a disadvantage of 83. 6d. per ton as compared with the Belgian competitor.— Mr. Monks (Warrington) said that he had been i 1 India recently, and at Bombay when he looked for English bar iron it was like looking for a needle in a stack of hay. He saw tons and tons of iron which had been made in Germany and Belgium. Then in Germany he had found that the head steel roller got Bs. per day, whereas in this country he got from El to £2 per day. With reference to the railway rates, the understandinc, arrived at, was that the iron and steel rates should not be increased. So far as his experience went, there was no attempt made to increase the rates, but the railway companies were reading certain clauses in such a way as would have the inevitable result of increasing the rates.—Mr. Wilson believed that the Indian people would rather trade with the English makers than the Belgians and Germans if prices would allow thern.—Mr. Monks knew tlft they would be willing to pay ss. per ton more for English iron rather than pay the same to the foreigners. He was .convinced of this, that the manufacturers had less to fear at the hands of the merchants than they had at the hands of the foreign makers.— Mr. Hopwood wished Mr. Monks to tell them if he did not see iron stamped with the words " made in Ger- man?" which had been made in Britain.—Mr. Monks replied that the Trade Marks Act was enforced in India. as well as in England, and what Mr. Hopwood asked could not be seen.—Mr. Hopwood then asked if Mr. Monk's expert knowledge did not detect foreign iron stamped with the English mark.—Mr. Monks replied no ! but a friend of his had once seen iron marked " Lancashire Swedish." (Laughter.) Mr. Fawcett wished to know whether iron and steel made on the Continent was better or worse than the same articles manufactured in Britain. He understood that some of the goods made in Germany and other parts were better finished than those made here. —Mr. Monks said so far as quality was concerned Belgian iron was not equal to ordinary Staffordshire iron.—rhe president was of opinion that whilst the Peninsular and Oriental Company was perfectly justified to do what it liked, that did not justify them in taking a subsidy from our Government, and then,whilst enjoy- ing that subsidy, to use it for the purprse of cutting the people whose Government paid that sulaidy. (Ap- plause.)

===== 0002601_18941103_art0180.txt | included=true | included =====
WYCLIFFE .P.S.A. SOCIETY.

There was a large attendance at the meeting of this society on Sunday afternoon. Mr. R. Atkinson occupied the chair and delivered a brief address on the text " Be ye kindly affectionate one to another in brotherly love, preferring one another." Mr. Newett, general secretary to the Manchester Y M.C.A., delivered the address on the subjcet " The building up of character." The speaker referred to some prevalent evils which had come under his notice as secretary to the Y.M.C.A., the most pernicious in his opinion being that of gambling. He also urged those present to use their influence in the direction of pure speech and conversation. Mr. R. H. Pearson sang "Down in the vallev,"and Miss Pemberton sang "Waiting for the King." The Rev. J. Yonge re- ported that the membership now stood at 1114. Messrs. Healey and H. Evans also took part in the service.

WARRINGTON TRAINING COLLEGE.

OPENING OF NEW BUILDINGS.

On Friday afternoon last week, notwithstanding the steady downpour of rain, there was a large attendance at the Training College to witness the opening of the new buildings which have been erect- ed there. The additions include an art room,recrea- tion room, additional dormitories and class rooms, and the enlargement of the dining-room and scullery. These extensive additions enable ,the pro- moters to increase the number of students by 29, and they have been carried out with the permission of the Education Department. The cost of the alterations and fnrnishing has amounted to £4,5C03 of which £3,000 hes been already raised. Mr. Dolan, of Warrington, has been the contractor, and Messrs. S. E. and R. Johnson (Bridge-st.) had charge of the furnishing arrangements, Amongst those present at the opening ceremony were Mrs. Beamont, the Very Rev. Dr. Maclure (Dean of Manchester), Very Rev. Arch- deacon Barber, of Chester; Rev. Canons Nunn, Holme, Scott, Penrhvn, BluiLlells,Rev, F. W. Willis (rector),and Mrs. Willi., Revs. Morley Stevenson (Principal), E. C. E. Carleton, G. B. Thurston, J. G. Evans, H. R. Wilde, D. Percival. A. A. Markham, J. Bell-Cox, Mr. H. E. Oakley (ELM. Inspector), Alderman Wright, Councillor Woods, Dr. White, Mr. J. S. Garland, and Mr. R. Johnson. 'The DEAN of MANCHESTER, in asking Mrs. Beamont to declare the buildings open, spoke of the generosity of the Duke of Westminster in contributing largely towards the erection of those buildings, and apologised for hi s absence that day. He also alluded to the honoured name of Belmont, and spoke of the interest Mrs. Bea mont took in that institution. Mrs. BEAMONT said she felt it a great honour arid pleasure to be there and to express the great interest she had towards that college. She congratulated the exci/1.- lent principal and his excellent staff and committee upon the success of the college and heartily wished it to pros- per. She had great pleasure in saying that those rooms were now open.

A vote of thanks was passed to Mrs. Beamont for her presence, on the proposition of Archdeacon BARBER, seconded hv Canon PENRYN.

Miss EDITH BOYLA.NCE, senior student of the college, then stepped forward and presented Mrs. Rea.mont with a beautiful bouquet, the gift of Miss Goddard, the staff and student.

An adjournment was then made to the dining-room, when the Dean of Manchester occupied the chair and an address was delivered by Her Majesty's Inspector (Mr. 0 _keley). He referred to the necessary imp rovements which had been carried out and made some observations on the examinations he had conducted th ere during the week, and also spoke on educational matters generally. In conclusion he urged the students to live good and earnest lives that they might set themselves as a model to their pupils.

The Dean of MANCTIF,STER after apologising for the non-attendance of several gentlemen, spoke of the work of the College during the last ten years—which he des- cribed as an epoch in the history of the college—during which time it had had had for its principal the Rev. Morley Stevenson. Referring to the financial part of the scheme, he stated that they had still to raise £1,500. He proceeded to urge upon those present to do their utmost to clear off the liabilities still existing.

The Rev. MORLEY STEVENSON gave an account of all the improvements which had been carried out, stating that they had fl )W accommodation for 120 pupils in stead of 100 as formerly. It was the 50th year in the life of that College, and they had done something to celebrate their jubilee.

AGENTS\ ItnGeaslTOwußay ii)xf gur A - WANTED starting WATCH, &c., CLUBS for the supply of BENSON'S Watches, Clocks, Jewellery, and other Good, Sound, and Reliable Articles at Moderate Prices. Terms Liberal. Particulars Post Free. J. W. BENSON, 62 .S.-; 61, LUDGATE HILL, LONDON, E.C.

impo

===== 0002601_18941103_art0181.txt | included=true | included =====
EARLESTOWN AND DISTRICT BUILDING

SOCIETY.

ANNUAL MEETING,

The annual general meeting of the members of this Society was held in the Earlest own district schoolroom on Thursday evening. Mr.F. Harwood, chairman of directors presided, and he was sup- ported by Mr. R. Davies, Mr. Kirkconnel (Warring- ton), Mr. Appleby (auditor), Mr. J.W. Emmett, and Mr. Chandley (secretary). The report of the Directors was as follows :—" The directors have pleasure in submitting this their thirty- first annual report and statement of accounts certified by the auditors, and congratulate the shardiolders on the continued prosperity of the Society. The profits for the year amount to £1,680 12s. id., which with the undivided balance from last year of £2,348 10s. Bd., shows a disposable amount of £4,029 23. 9J. From which it is proposed to recommend the payment of a dividend at the rate of 5 per cent, per annam, absorbing £l,BBB 3s. 4d., leaving a balance of undivided profit of £2,342 19s. sd. Four members have redeemed their property, representing repayment of capital to the amount of £1,549 03. 10d. Two lots of property only on hand. The number of members on books is 405, hold- ing 3,385 shares.

The Chairman said; they met that night on rather more favourable terms than they did last year. Then, if they remembered, they should have had to take from the reserve fund if they had paid more tan 44 per cit., but the directors felt a diffidence in doing that, and now they met them with a dividend of 5 per cent., but they had to take five guineas from the reserve fund, but he did not think they would find any fault with that, seeing that they had put £7O to the reserve fund last year. Last:year they had something like £5OOO in the bank, and he believed he told them then that there was a prospect of being able to get that out rather earlier ; and he was hippy to say they did so,and at the present time they Ipid reduced that £5,000 to something like £3OO. That was more favourable to the society,as it enabled them to get the money out on good interest, and on good property. He concluded by moving the adoption of the report and balance sheet. This was sec- onded and carried.

Mr. J. W. Emmett asked what amount of money was on the two lots of property they had on hand. The Chairman said it amounted to £1,103. Mr. R. Davies said they had here a bona fide dividend of 5 per cent.,which in these days was most remarkable. He was proud to see Mr. Emmett amongst them, as he was the senior trustee of that prosperous society. He had really not much to say about the society, but pleasant thoughts for the future sometimes crossed his mind. He was only too proud to meet them, and hoped he rnight be spared to meet them on many occasions, as it pleased him to come there year after year. (Ap- plause.) Mr. Emmet, might just remind their solicitor, Mr. Davies,that some two or thiee years ago lie did not speak quite so cheerfully about the prospects of building clubs and trade, as he did that night. He thought he gave them to understand that they ought to be satisfied, if they got 4 to 41 per cent., and he (Mr. Emmett) thought he told him that he thought they should live to see the day when they would get 5 per cent. They had lived to see that day, and he believed they should go on improv- ing, and not let other countries cut them out in any- thing. (Hear, hear.) He was very well ple3ed with the balance sheet, and he thought it was only fair to congratulate the chairman and directors of the Society, for they well deserv, d it. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Appleby (auditor), thought there was ev ry cause for congratulation on the part of the society, when it was receiving 5 per cent on its mone.y, and felt sure that money was safely guarded. Since they last met there had been a new Act passed affecting building societies, and which came into operation on the Ist of January next year. He did not know that it would affect them in any way, except on the lines that Mr. Emmett had asked the qw•stion on. He had asked how much money was owing on the properties on hand. That would have to be stated in their balance sheets in future. Another thing was that they would I: lye to have one professional man as auditcr. Another was that they could not advancQ money on second mortgages. He concluded by congratulating them upon the sound state of the Society.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0182.txt | included=true | included =====
ELECTION OF OFFICEP.S.

The election of officers was then proceeded with and resulted as follows :—Direetors Mr. F. Harwood (presi- dent) Messrs. W. Gilmour, T. Haselden, J. Barr, J. Cook J. Walker, Joseph Emmett, N. Slinn, W. H. Bailey, B. Harrison, surveyor, Mr. E. Bunting. Auditors, Mr. T. Thompson and Mr. W. Appleby. Stewards, Messrs. T. Ormand and J. Gooding. The Chairman said he would like to refer to the loss they had sustained by the death of Mr. John Elliott, their surveyor. He was one of the founders of the society, and had been connected with it, over 30 years, and he t2lieved there was only one other gentleman left as a founder of the society, and that was Mr. B. Walker.

A vote of thanks to the Chairman on the motion of Mr. Emmett, seconded by Mr. Whitley, concluded the meeting.

GOOD TEMPLARS (EBENEZER LODGE.) The weekly session of the Ebenez,tr Lodge of Earlestown was held in the Co operative Hall, on Tuesday evening. The roll of officers was called and responded to and the minutes of the last ses- sion were read. One candidate was proposed for membership. Bro. Singleton L.D. read the quarterly circular stating that the next district lodge would be held at Leigh. Bro. Q.M. Sergeant Roberts gave a very interesting address after which Sister Mellor gave a recitation, songs and readings being given oy Bros. J. Taylor, W. J. Taylor, and W.Wharton. "TOBACCONISTS commencing" hid •guide (2E9 pages 3d TOBACCONISTS' CO.-186, Enston-road,Lonclon. manager, Hy. MY ERS Est. 1866.

In connection with the betting raids at Manchester, David Barry was on Thursday fined £4O and costs; Thomas Millwood, £5O and costs ; John Millwood, £2O and costs ; and Wm. Cartmel, £2O and costs. - TIME AT ANY PRICE. From 10s. 6d to 130 s. Quick- wind stem-set Waterbury Watches in gold, gold-filled, silver, oxidised or nickel to suit all pockets, new model. Made in all sizes and patterns. In open or Hunting cases. Send for illustrAted catalogue, post free.—WATERBURY, 7, Snow Hill. 'London, B.C.—Adrt. (3)

===== 0002601_18941103_art0183.txt | included=true | included =====
HALTON.

A MARRIAGE THAT PROVED A FAILIIRE.—On Monday at the Runcorn Petty Sessions before Messrs. James Handley and Samuel Taylor, a summons was heard in which Mary Dugdale charged her husband, George Dug- dale, with having assaulted her on the 20th October at Halton. She sought a separation and in support of her application said that on the evening of the 20th of Outober her husband began immediately after entering the house to use the most filthy language tocvares her in the presence of his little children. The house was very comfoJtable, and he wanted for nothing. He had not been provoked, and complainant did not know of any reason why he should treat her so. He afterwards pulled her about the room by her hair, and pushed her outside the house. Her arms were black Pi a result of his abuse, while drag- ging her about the home. Ev had been sepArated from her husband for twelve months, but consented again to live with him two years ago, upon the strength of his promises to treat her kindly. The last se- paration order she obtained stipulated that her husband should pay her 15s. pee week She then had four children but now she had six. Her husband earned 30s. per week and worked on th tug " Liberator."—Mr. Linaker, who represented the defendant, contended that there had been no assault committed. The defendant was fined 55. and 153. 6d. costs, and an order of separation was granted, the de- fendant, to pay his wife 16s. per week towards th 4 maintenance of his wife and children.

DRITNIE ON His OWN LICENSED PREMISES.—At the Run- corn Petty S- -ions, on Monday, before Messrs. James Handley and Samuel Taylor, John Simpson, licencee of the Castle Flot^l,Halton,was summoned for being drunk on those premiK lon the 23rd Octot 2r. P.C. Juett de- posed to finding the defendant in the bar of the hotel named. He was in a drunken condition, and was try- ing to help him. _if to some liquor. His wife refused to let him have any, and requested h'm to leave the house. This he would not do, and when witness spoke to him he replied that he would see a medical man as to his condition. On reaching the threshold of the house, de- fendant asked witness to look over the case. Supt. Atherton remarked that Mr. Allen, who was present, might enlighten the magistrates as to how mat- ters stood. Mr. Allen explained that the defend- ant had been summoned by his wife for assault. A cross-summons had been issued, and the hearing had been adjourned until the next Sessions, with the view of getting an agreement of separation. It was contemplated that the license, which was in the name of the defendant, should be transferred to Mrs. Simpson.—Defendant emphatically denied that he was drunk and then added that he was 70 years of ago and had never before been in a police court upon such a charge.—He was fined 10s. and costs, or 14 days.

===== 0002601_18941103_art0184.txt | included=true | included =====
AIAItKETS.

WIDNES, SATURDAY.—Fresh butter, is 4d and Os Od per lb. ; fresh ezgs,l2 for is ; fowls, 35 Od to Os per couple ; ducks, O Od to Os per couple ; geese, Cd per lb. ; beef, nd to 9d per lb. ; mut ton 4tl to 6d Per lb. ; pork, 9d to Oct per lb. ; veal, Od to d 1,, lb. ; lamb, Od per lb. ; potatoes per load, 5s 6d. IIL SATURDAY.- Fresh butter is 4d and Os Od per lb.; fresh eggs,lo for Is ; fowl, 4s Od to Os Oct per couple; ducks 6s Od per couple ; geese Os to Cd per lb. ; turkeys Os to Os 0.1 per lb. ; beef, 8d per lb. ; mutton, 81d to Cs per lb. ; pork Cd to 84d per lb. ; lamb Od to Od per lb. ; veal Od to 9d; per lb. ; potatoes. bs Od to Os Oct per load. Cheese 7.Ad per Its. WARRINGTON MARKET.—WEDNESDAY. Oct. 31ST. FRUIT, VEGETABLE. POULTRY, BUTCHERS', AND

FISHMONGERS' TABLE: 8. d. e. 8. d. 8. d. Beef, Eng., , tis 0 sto' 9 Melorp, each 0 6—o 8 Lamb per lb 0 7—o 10 Oranges, each 0 o—o 1 Mutton ~0 6 0 10 Celery r stick 0 2 0 3 Veal 0 6 0 9 Pears

Pork „ „ 0 6—o 9 Apricots each 0 o—o 0 Pork sides

.. cured O5-0 0 Cauliflowers ... 0 0— 0 Whole pigs,, cc 8 0—:: 5 Cuctrnberg each 0 4 - 0 6 bteese „ Fowls if, couple 4 6 5 6 Tomatoes IP lb il 6 0 8 Chickens Ducks „ - 0 0 Spanish Onions 0 0— 0 0 Rabbits Hares. each ... 4 6 - 0 0 Aspa,e.gus IP 10 0 0— C 0 Pigeons,, Parridge brace 3 6-0 0 New potatoes „ 0 1 0 0 Grouse „ . Pheasants -7 6 Green Peas Tth 0 0— 0 10 Turkey 0 10-0 0 Green sprouts th 0 3-0 0 Butter, fresh ft 1 2-1 3 Bans, hitiney th 0 0— 0 0 Hen eggs 7 S; 8 1 0 --0 0 Pomeg :antes... 0 I—o 0 Duck „ Apples lb Onions „ Grapes „ Pine Apple each 2 6 3 0 „ good 5O 0 55 0 Greengages IP MO 4 0 6 „ ordinary 4O 0— 45 0 Cherries ~ ...... 0 0— 0 0 Lobster V, th Stray. berries „ 0 0— 0 0 Turbot „ Damsons „ „ 0 4-0 4 Salmon , Plums „ 0 3 0 3 Whit,ngs Gooseberries,, 0 o—o 0 Fluk -s „ Raspberries „ 0 0— 0 0 Eels „ „ Black Currants 0 o—o 0 Soles , „ Red Currants 0 0— 0 0 Sparlings Marrows each 0 0— 0 4 Codfish ~0 4 0 0 _ .

Seak hie iP It. 0 0- 0 0 Mackerel e,icb 0 3 0 6 lihnr,r) bch 0 I—o 0 Herring 1 dozon 1 0— 0 0

Warrington.—Printed and Published by JOAN WALKER LC GO at The Examiner General Printing Works, Bewsey-street. and Published also at The Examiner Offices, Victoria-road WIDNES is High-street, RUNCORN ; 32, George-street.St• Helens; and 33, Market-street, ilianugonci.—NtqKsruvs 3, 7894.

===== 0002601_18941103_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
"A WONDERFUL WATCH." aVS. A thoroughly reliable all HAND-MADE SILVER ENG- LISH PATENT LEVER WATCH, capped. jewelled, and fitted with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE, HEAVY SOLID SILVER HALL-MARKED CASES, well finished, and speci- ally adapted to fit flat in the pocket. " FOR FIFTY SHILL- INGS." This watch is timed to a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ABSOLUTELY DEFIES COMPETITION 1 . A Bona fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch, This Watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lunette glass, at same price. To be obtained only from E. & A. EUSTANCE, watchmakers, THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. N.B.—Sent post-tree to all parts of the United Kingdom on receipt of P. 0.0.

, R UNC 0R N MUSICAL SOCIETY. ON TUESDAY, NOVEMBER Gm, 1894, GRAND CONCERT IN THE PUBLIC HALL RUNCORN, Doors open at, 7.30, Concert at 8. Part I.—Sir A. Sullivan's Dramatic Cantata "ON SHORE AND SEA." Part 11. MISCELLANEOUS. Artistes MISS REGINA ATWATER, The new American Prima Donna. MR. EDWARD WAREHAM Principal 'Tenor Royal Italian Opera, Violoncello MR. CARL FUCHS. Full Orchestra and Chorus of 120 Performers. Conductor Mr. F. H. Crossley. Admission.—Centre Chairs (Reserved and Numbered) 35.; Reserved Seats (Numbered) 25.; Unreserved is. Tickets and Plan at Mr. Bellamy 'S, 63, High-steeet, Runcorn. iMARLESTOWN I)ISTRICT SCHOOL. CHILDREN'S CONCERT AND PRIZE DISTRIBUTION IN TOWN HALL, EARLESTOWN. THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 15TH. 1894. CHAIRMAN: CAPTAIN ROYaB, R N. Commence 7.30. Tickets 25., is. 6d., is., and ed.

_ T. PETE R'S CHURCH, WARRINGTON' SALE OF WORK In John-st. School, in aid of Parochial Organisations, will be OPENED ON THURSDAY, NOVEMBER ars, by MRS. CHARLTON PARR. And on Friday November 9th, by MRS. BEAMONT, At 2.45 p.m.

Y•M•C•A• FRIARS GREEN, WARRINGTON. WEDNESDAY EVENING NEXT, NOVEMBER 7TE. A HUMOROUS EVENING. SELECTIONS from Mark Twain, Artemus Ward, Max Adele, By MR. H. M. ASHTON. MUSICAL PROGRAMME : Mrs. ASHTON, Miss ETHEL BIRTLES, Mr. BATE and Mr. FRED FIELDHOUSE. Councillor J. SHAW GREEN in the chair. Commence at 8 prompt. Admission free. Collection for expenses. Lecture Hall recently improved.

MR. PEARSON'S GRAND CONCERT IN THE GYMNASIUM, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 6rEt MADAME CLARA SAMUELL, Miss JEANIE RANKIN, Mr. HENRY PIERCY, Mr. D. FFRANGCON-DAVIES, Vocalists. Miss MABKL CHAPLIN, Solo Violoncellist ; Mr. PHILIP CATHIE, So'o Violinist; Mr. CLEMENT LOCKNANE , accompanist. Reserved Dress Seats. 55. ; Reserved Body of Hall and Gallery, 2s. 6d.; Back Seats,ls. Special trains. OWING to the LIMITED SPACE EARLY BOOKING IS NECESSARY TO SECURE SEATS. Plan now OPEN at Mr. PEARSON'S BOLD STREET.

WEDDING RINGS.-PURE GUINEA GOLD 22-CARAT WEDDING RINGS. Largest Stock and best value in the town or district. Sold by weight from is. 6d. to 505. All sizes and shapes. iacluding the Round and Half-Rcund always in stock. A handsome present given to each purchaser. Finger size cards post free. E. AND A. EUSTANCE, TEE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. N.B.—Strictly Private Room for fitting. ESTABLISHED, 1864.

ANCI NG and CALISTHENICS.— MISS JJ CAVANAGH holds her CLASSES at 63, Bewsey- street, Warrington. BEZIINNERS on MONDAY. Steps at 7-30 p.m. Terms 12s. 6d. 14er quarter. Advanced, on FRIDAY, at 8-0 p.m.' 10s. 6d. per quarter. Children and Adult Beginners on SATURDAY, at 2-30 p.m., 10s. 6d. Per quarter. Families arranged with. PRIVATE LESSONS in all the fashionable round dances, one guinea per quarter. Three Private Lessons in the Waltz. 7s. 6d. Schools and Families attended. N.B.—A SPECIAL PRIVATE CLAS, of 12 is forming. 15s. her puarter. RAXLWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO, INSURES AGAINST RAILWAY ACCIDENTS, • ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY. CAPITAL £1,000.000. ES VABLISPED 1849. COMPENSATION PAID £3.350,000, 64, Cornhill, London. W. D. MASSY, A. VIAN, Secretaries AGENTS Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate. Mr. W. H. RIGBEY, Central Station. St. Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH, Hardshaw-street. linutsford Mr. ALFRED E. CUTTER. Sandbach Mr. R. FINLOW, Rookery Bridge.

TANNERS' LANE COAL WHARF WARRI NGTON. THE PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON COMPANY. LIMITED. INCE HALL COLLIERIES. NEAR WIGAN. LOCAL MANAGER, ALFRED PERRIS. All kinds of House Coal, Nuts. Burgy, and Enilne Fuel kept in stock. Wagons rent to any Railway Station, House Orders promptly ttended to. N.B.—Ord.rs rectived also at 19i, Sankey-st.

(In mat ton.

LADY WOULD TAKE CHILDREN respectable to Educate, EXCEPTEONA.LLY good home. Healthy Seaside Locality Terms Moderate,—Address S.B Examiner Office Warrington.

(a- (. - T ANGUAGES" for October now ready. All -1-4 honks' ails and newsagents, 3d. Notes, Biographies of great Plailologers, Queries, Articles on Linguistic Topics, 19, Ludgate Hill, London.

LADIES' SCHOOL,MELCHET HOUSE, LYTHAM. —lnclusive terms, special for clergy, references to Parents, vacancy for article4l oupil.—Principals, the Misses 1-14LKET (Miss. S. Halket,L.L.A.)

EPWORTH COLLEGE, RHYL.—A Modern Semol for Boys. Thorough Enzlish and Commercial clucation. Conv.rsational French and German. Sea and Mountain air. Comfortable home. Prospectus of the HEAD MASTER.

ItvEISS LEILA BAIRSTOW, L.C.M., Pupil of -I. Signor Manari Mo,.,ca, visits Warrington to give I4BSSONS in Singing and Voice Production on the best xnglish and Italian Methods. Schools attended and Amateurs CA), ached for Concerts; for terms, &c., apply Mr. PEARSON, 10, Bold-st.

I STUDIO, 114, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.- Mrs. Dom) gives Lessons in Painting. Burntwood work, and Marqueterie Painting. A cliss for Wood Carving It the Studio on Mondays. taught by a professional laly Z°od-carver. Vulcan wood burning machines and white ^-00d kept in stock. —•

SOUTHPORT MODERN SCHOOL. 4-lead, Master—Mr. J. C UNDERWOOD, A.C.P., F.R.G.S. VERY STJC,tESSFUL SCHOOL. RECENT HONOURS AT EXAMINATIONS. Education thoroughly modern and comprehensive. 'eeently Removed to larger Premises in Pilkington-road • near St. Luke's Station). BOARDERS NOW RECEIVED. SPECIAL TERMS (inclusive) for a tew Boarders. ,Plospectus, Ac., on application to Head Master. _ TERM; 13EGAN TUESDAY, September 18.

35/- REVOLUTION IN THE Q WATCH TRADE. uI - T. B. CARDWELL, PRACTICAL WATCIIMAKER, 105, DLLE-STREET. LIVERPOOL, Offers to the Public and especially to Mechanics, a thorough English SILVER LEVER WATCH, reliable in works and accurate in time, at a cost of sts. Many persons will Ile surprised that a genuine English Lever can he made for the price, but T. D. CARD WELL has succeeded in producing an English Lever 355. Watch not inferior to those sold elsewhere for £5. The 355. ENGLISH SILVER LEVER WATCH, Jewelled in Seven Actions, guaranteed for rive years, can be had at CARDWELL'S 105, DALE-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Next Door to Central Police Station. t'l-marked 18-carat Gold English Keyless Lever Watches, from £7 10s. REPAIRS PROMPT AND RELIABLE.

HUSSEY'S BROOCHES.- IN GOLD, SILVER, GILT, AND OXYDISED. PARISIAN DIAMONDS. SET IN REAL SILVER, EQUAL IN APPEARANCE TO GENUINE DIAMONDS. We buy direct from the MANUFACTURER, and Supply the TRADE, PRICES from is. to TEN GUINEAS. When you are in Town a VISIT will Repay you. OVER 3,000 TO SELECT FROM AT 116, BOLD-ST., LIVERPOOL.

JAMES HORTON, BAKER, &c., LATCHFORD, WARRINGTON, Obtained a Third-Class Award at the CONFECTIONERS' AND BAKERS' EXHIBITION, Held in London in the Last Week in September, 1894, For PURITY AND SWEETNESS OF BREAD. Ask for HORTON'S BREAD, ABSOLUTELY PURE.

M.S. AND L. RAILWAY. LIVERPOOL AUTUIAN RACES. On FRIDAY, 9Tli NOVEMBER, A CHEAP EXCURSION to Aintree will leave Tanhouse Lane at 12.20 p.m.. and Widnes (Central) at 12.25 p.m., returning from Aintree (C.L.C. Station) at 5.10 p.m. the same day. For full particulars see bills. WILLIAM POLLITT, November Ist, 1894. General Manager.

GRATEFUL EPPS' S OOM.FORTING. BREAKFAST, SUPPER. CO CO A BOILING WATER OR MILK

fottlO.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40, LUDGATE HILL. HOME COMFORTS. CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. Central for business or pleasure.

r LANDUDNO. WASHINGTON HOTEL, EAST _LI PARADE, healthiest part, centre of Bay. Home com- forts, moderate charges. Fine Old Whisky. Welsh Ales. Winter week end, terms 156.—E. BAKER, Proprietor.

QOUTHPORT.— SUNNYSIDE HYDRO.—Physician Dr. BARNARDO. Summer and Winter Residence, one of the handsomest buildings in Southport, centrally situated, replete with every comfort, fine Sea View ; near Parks. Piers, Trams. and Golf Links; Turkish, Vapour, and other Baths; Massage, Galvanism.—Terms moderate.—Proprietor, J. Boocccx.

J. M. BEACON, SWAN HOTEL, BRIDGE-STREET, WAitRINGTON. WINES AND SPIRITS OF CHOICEST BRANDS. WORTHINGTON'S East India Pale and Burton Ales, FINDLATER'S Dublin, Nourishing, and other Stouts, GUINNESS'S DUBLIN EXTRA STOUT, BOTTLE AND CASK. Hop Bitters, and Old Style Ginger Beer. Bottles only. Family Trade Specially Catered for.

I.?UPTCRES. - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. XL T. REMINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure of Rupture; registered; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7 3c 9. Grosvenor-street, Lon- -Non-road. Manchester.

POLICE NOTICE. rr HE POLICE are hereby GIVEN FULL POWER to Arrest all Persons who are not seen in possession of Ine of the PARAGON'S UMBRELLAS or WALKING STICKS, and convey therniA.,E. COHEN, The Paragon, Roe- at., (adjoining Royal Court, Theatre), Liverpool.

BALL SEASON. BAN I)S SUPPLIED, any number, for Balls, Entertainments, Parties. Bc., by R. ANDERTON, late H.M. Life G 'lards Band, R.A.M., H.M. State Ball Bands and principal London Orchestras. Brass Bands coached Euphonium and Trombone Soloi,t for concerts.—For term. Apply It, ANDERTON, 78, Buttermarket-st Warrington.

EIIGLIEST PRICE Given for Old Gold and Silver, Diamonds, Sheffierl4 and Electro Plate, Antiques, Dental Gold, &e. Lett. rs attended to. - C. H. HAYHURST (late J.Harris Gibson), 73. Renshaw-street. Liverpool.

• TT (jARDIGAN JACKETS. BEST VALUE IN THE WORLD. UNS WORTH'S CARDIGAN JACKETS, With VELVET COLLARS, or PLAIN. UNSWORTH'S CARDIGAN JACKETS, MEN'S SIZES from 1/11 to 15/- UNSWORTH'S CARDIGAN JACKETS, Special Value 5/-, 7/6, 10/6. UNSWORTH'S CARDIGAN JACKETS, BOY'S SIZES from 1/2 to 4/6. UNSWORTH'S CARDIGAN JACKET'S, Largest Assortment in the District. • 71 LYME STREET, MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON.

TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE RENOWNED FOR COVGHS, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE INFLUENZA, BRONCHITIS, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE CONSUMPTION. ASTHMA, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE SPASMS, . WHOOPNG COUGH TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE INFLUENZA, &C., 24 DOSES for 130. It is IMPORTANT to INSIST on having TOWLE'S as other preparations and makes are pushed for sake of extra profit.

IMPORTANT NOTICE,. HENRY MILES, THE WELL-KNOWN GLOVER, 20A, CHURCH STREET, LIVERPOOL (Opposite Pro Cathedral), HAS PURCHASED from R. KNOWLES, Esq., Central Chambers, North John Street, Solicitor to the Estate, the whole of the STOCK-IN-TRADE OF the late EDWARD EDWARDS, FANCY DRAPER, 58, CHURCH STREET. VALUE £5,500 FOR £2,000 CASH, which means 20/- WORTH FOR 7/3. Every Article in Stock much REDUCED in PRICE and sold on EDWARDS'S PREMISES, 581 CHURCII STREET, BOTTOM OF BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. ON MONDAY NEXT, AND FOLLOWING DAYS, An Absolute Clearance determined on. ASTONISHING BARGAINS IN Ladies' Underclothing, Corsets, Skirts, Tea and Dress- ing Gowns, & Jackets, Blouses, Shawls, Aprons, Jerseys, etc., Children's Underclothing, Coats, Paletots, Costumes and Millinery, Baby Linen, Cots, etc. Laces, Flouncings, Fancy Dress Nets. Fall Nets, and Gossamers, Frillings, Embroideries, Needlework, Pleat- hags, Linen Handkerchiefs. All-Linen Fronts, Collars, Cuffs, Made-up Lace Chiffon Bows, Fichus, Lc. Ribbons, Ribbon Velvets, Silk Squares, Silk Ties, Silk Shawls. Ladies' and Childr,n's Hosiery, and Stockinette Underwear. Ladies' and Children's Umbrellas and Sunshades. Ladies' and Children's Gloves, in Kid, Suede, and Fabric. FURS AND FUR TRIMMINGS. Trimmings, Haberdashery, Ladies' Belts, Fans, ex. CATALOGUES POST FREE ON APPLICATION. SPECIAL NOTICE. Owing to the great crush, and the extent of the Stock, it has been found impossb le to deal with the whole in one week. The Sale will therefore be continued for another week, fresh goods being brought forward daily from the Stockrooms. The best proof of the Remarkable Bargains in EDWARDS'S STOCK is that Customers are continually coming for more - and getting it. HENRY MILES, SALE AT Q JOI I_IHURCII STREET, LIVERPOOL.

PUBLIC NOTICE. • WHY BUY CHEAP JERRY-MADE FURNITURE, WHEN YOU CAN PROCURE SOUNDLY CONSTRUCTED GOODS AT JOHN H. WARING, 161 181 HARDMAN STREET, LIVERPOOL, (Near the Philharmonic Hall.) ALL GOODS STORED AND PACKED FREE.

FURS! LADIES' FURS! You can Purchase Single Articles of Fur at Wholesale Priceo all the first fashion; also Sealskin Jackets aud other Garments. NORTHERN FUR MANUFACTORY. Office and Showroom: 21, LEVER-STREET, (Opposite the Royal Infirmary, Piccadilly), MANCHESTER. Alterations by the First Skill. Sealskin Garments Re-Fashioned, and all other. Furs, Repairs, Re-Dyeing, Cleaning. &c.

MT. BEATTY, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, BROOKFIELD TIMBER YARD, EARLESTOWN. Dealer in all kinds of Building Materials. General repairs to Property of every Description. All kinds of Drainage and Sewage Work. Estimates given.

G_ L NESSy S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM, 2. near WATKIN-STREET, WARRINGTON.

THOMAS FRAIN, DEBT COLLECTOR and GENERAL COMMISSION AGENT, 39, GLADSTONE STREET, WARRINGTON. DEBTS BOUGHT, OR COLLECTED ON COMMISSION. Special Arrangements, &c. for the Collection of Wholesale ACCOUNTS. REFERENCE and RATES of COMMISSION on application. AGENT for the Imperial Live Stock, Accident, and Northern Plate Glass Insurance Co.

R. TSB ERWOOD, HOUSE AND COMMISSION AGENT, 57, TANNERS'-LANE, WARRINGTON, Established 1873. Rents and rebts collected. Agent for Fire. Life. Accident, Employers' Liability, Live Stock and Plate Glass Insurance Co.s. Lowest Current Rates, Prompt and Liberal Settlements.

SIOUTH LANCASHIRE, LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT COMPANY, LIMITED. Head Office: 168. ISLINGTON, LIVERPOOL. LOANS from £5 to £l,OOO on personal or other security. £l5, Repayable 6s. Weekly, Entire Charge £1 2s. 3d. £5O, „ 20s. „ PI £3 9s. Od. £lOO, „ 40s, „ 2.6 16s. Od. ALEX. GORDON. Manager.

VIOLINS, VIOLONCELLOS, MANDOLINES, GUITARS, BANJOS. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Cbanot). Strings, Bows, Cases, /cc.. of Finest Quality. ARTISTIC REPAIRING IN ALL ITS BRANCHES AT 37. RENSHAW-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

OWING TO EXPIRATION OF LEASE, WILLIAM SUGG AND CO., LIMITED, 33, BOLD-STREET. LIVERPOOL. ARE OFFERING THEIR ENTIRE STOCK OF GAS LIGHTING, GAS HEATING, Arm GAS COOKING APPARATUS, AT A REDUCTION RANGING FROM 25 TO 50 PER CENT.

FOR ill, AROMETERS, OPERA AND FIELD GLASSES OF THE BEST QUALITY, AT A SAVING OF ss. IN THE £ GO TO G. AND N. STOKES. 10, CHURCH-LANE, by St. Peter's Church, LIVERPOOL, TEN YEARS WORKMAN TO WOOD. late ABRAHAM.

THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT. 8 & 10 HORSEMARKET STREET, WA:I:INGTON, ARE TAKING THE LEAD WITH THEIR SPLENDID 'SHOW OF OVERCOATS FOR THE SEASON. AFASHIONABLE OVERCOAT this Season is the xf 0 TA New Curl Serge, Single- Orli Breasted Chesterfield with Velvet Collar, 17/ H E M. C. D. have a FROM Choice Selection of Men's Single-Breasted 21/ Chesterfield *lilt Real Silk Velvet Collars, In Broad Twills. Diagonals, Kyrles, Serges, Friezes, Beavers, Meltons, &c., &c. These GOODS are SPLENDID VALUE and are sure to PROVE a GOOD INVESTMENT THE TRAVELLING COMPANION Air r -1-1 1 for warmth, ease, and comfort, is the _LUL• k_J•l—,• DOUBLE-BREASTED MUNSTER Fully Tabbed, Extra Long. Lined through 1 with Wool, Deep Coll i 7 2 . TO In Heavy Tweeds, Broad Twills, Wool 507— Friezes, &c. For Gentlemen accustomed to travelling, this Coat will prove an inseparable Friend. THE M. C. D. YOUTH'S OVERCOATS are showing in a variety of Fashionable Styles. YOUTH'S CAPE OVERCOATS. FROM YOUTH'S SCOTCH CLOAKS, in Heavy Tweeds, Cheviots, Serges, &c. 12/ y-017TH'S SINGLE-BREASTED FRO.II Chesterfield, with Velvet Collar. je In the New Curl Serge. 11/6 THE M.C.D. BOY'S DEPARTMENT Contains a variety of New Styles. in Overcoats for Juvenile wear. The BOYS' New HUSSAR COAT, Taste- fully designed with Heavy Astrachan FROM trimming, Braid, and Olivets. In specially Selected Materials. 10/6 The BOYS' New LANCER COAT, Collar FROM and Cuffs with deep Astrachan trimming. A very CHEAP and EFFECTIVE STYLE. OYS' Double-Breasted REEFER FR -° m JO OVERCOATS. 3/11 IN NAPS. SERGES, KYRLES, &c. B° Y Double-Breasted ALBANY FRom 6/6 OVERCOATS, IN CHOICE TWEEDS, WARM AND DURABLE. BOYS' OVERCOATS, with Extra FROM 6/6 Long CAPES • SPECIAL ATTENTION HAS BEEN GIVEN TO THE ORDER DLIPARTMENT. THE M.C.D. are displaying New Ranges of High-class OVERCOATINGS and SUITINGS. 25/ 27/6 To Measure MEN'S OVERCOATS, MEN'S SUITS. 32/ 3Si_ To Measure rp To Measure MEN'S 1 ROUSERS , 8/6 10/6 FIT AND WORKMANSHIP GUARANTEED. High class Cutters and Workmen Employed. THE M.O.D. make all their own Clothing and DEAL DIRECT with Customers with- out INTERMEDIATE PROFITS. SEE WINDOWS. THE MANCHESTER TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT. 8 & 10, HORSEMARKET STREET, WARRINGTON.

CURED IN THE OLD STYLE WITH OAK BILLET ONLY. DELICIOUS FLAVOUR. Fresh Daily from our own Curing Houses. PRIME YARMOUTH BLOATERS. 12 for is. 6d., 25 for 2. 6d., 50 for 4s. KIPPERS and RED HERRINGS fa the same prices. Carriage paid to any Railway Station on receipt of Postal Order and addressed lal,el to PLEASANCE & CO., 64, ADM(RALTY ROAD, GREAT YARMOUTH.

TEETH. !, TEETH! TEETH! MACDONALD'S COMPANY. WHOLESALE ARTIFICIAL TEETH MANUFACTORY (Registered.) 13,, H.M.R. Letters Patent. (Trade Mark.) The Best and Cheapest House in the Profession. Single Teeth, 2s. ; Sets, 20s. Fit and Quality Guaranteed Patients fitted while they wait. A lady in attendance. The Trade Supplied. All best materials and workmanship Teeth extracted free from 6 to 8 p.m. Teeth extracted without pain. Free consultations. 9 PICCADILY (Opposite Infirmary Cleok). MANCHESTE2.

C_ APITAL Two-manual ORGAN, new • fine rich tone, splendid pitch pine Case—ALEX. YOUNG and SoNs, organ builders, Eldon-st., Manchester.

SMITI-1, SONS. AND COMPANY.—PIANO and ORGAN WAREHOUSE, 34, OXFORD STREET. MANCHESTER. PIANOS BY ALL THE GREAT MAKERS. KIRKMAN ERNST/RAPS. COLLARD GORS &KALLMANN BROADWOOD !BACH HOPKINSON BECHSTEIN, &c. For Sale or Hire, or on the 3 year's system. PIANOS from 10s. 6d. monthly, ORGANS from 53. monthly, till paid for. Delivered tree in Warrington and D:striet on Payment of first month's hire. Nat. Tel. 2445.

J. W. TEMPERLEY MUSIC SELLER, 31, LOWLAND'S ROAD, RUNCORN. PIANOS, ORGANS, VIOLINS, &C. Tuning and Repairs. All kinds of Fittings in Stock. Arrangements made for First-Class Orchestral Band and Pianists. PIANOS on HIRE and on HIRE-PURCHASE.

NSII A W. PIANOS. HENSHAW. PI& HENSHAW. iceadilly, opposite Waterloo Hotel, MANCHES' •' PEOPLE'S MODEL,' seven octaves, full trichord, check astion, panel front, iron frame, in veneered eases, £22 cash, or may be obtained by easy payments of 12s. 6d. monthly. Delivered free on receipt of first month's hire. Pianos on hire system from 10s. 6d. monthly, by all the leading 'Makers. All instruments sold by HENSHAW are fully war- ranted. 83. Piocadiliy, opposite Waterloo Hotel. Pianos tuned and repairedor taken in exchange. AMERICAN ORGANS, full compass, with knee swell, in handsomely finished mirror cases, from ss. 6d. monthly till paid for. HENSHAW, being a wholesale dealer. can give advantages to the public that ordinary dealers cannot do. HENSHAW deals fairly with his three years' customers in cases of emergency. He does not want both money and instrument. HENSHAW supplies dealers wit. k Pianos and Organs. DON'T BUY YOUR PIANOS OR ORGANS AT HENSHAW'S, 83, PICCADILLY, MANCHES- TER, if you *an get them better and cheaper elsewhere. HENSHAW. PIANOS. HENSHAW.

LORD BROS.' FOR THE NEWEST, THE BEST, THE CHEAPEST, IN JACKETS, CAPES, , MACKINTOSHES, pALETOTS • Fults' DRESSES, UMBRELLAS, &C. The Latest Designs are constantly being added to our Stock, "OUR MAKE" is unsur- passed for FIT. FINISH, QUALITY, AND PRICE. Closed every Thursday, at 1 p.m. 128, BRIDGE STREEf, WARRINGTON.

GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS. FOR DANISH. KIEL BUTTER, SMOKED WILTSHIRE, IRISH ROLL AND HOME-CURED BACON. PRIME CHESHIRE CHEESE, In fact for General GROC.nRIES AND PROVISIONS At Prices to SUIT all try E. DOWNES, FAMILY GROCER AND PROVISION DEALER. 12, OXFORD STREET. EARLESTOWN.

W. P. & W. SKELTON, LIMITED, JUBILEE BUILDINGS, HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON. COMPLETE HOUSE FURNISHERS, GENERAL IRONMONGERS, SMALLWARE DEALERS, BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, CYCLE AGENTS. GOLF CLUBS, TENNIIGOODS, BATS, WICKETS, BALLS, LEG (WARM, GLOVES. itc. • WIRE NETTING. FENCING WIRE, BASSINE I'TES, MAIL CARTS, MATS, MATTING, CARPETS, RUGS, LEATHER BAGS OF ALL DESCRIP- TIONS. LADIES DRESS TRUNKS, TRAVELLING TRUNKS. WE RESPECTFULLY SOLICIT ENQUIRIES. JUBILEE BUILDINGS, HORSEMARKET ST., WARRINGTON.

THE BEST MEDICINE FOR BILE, THE BEST MEDICINE FOR WIND, THE BEST MEDICINE FOR INDIGESTION, IS FADE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. They quickly remove the irritation and feverish state of the STOMACH, correct the morbid condition of the LIVER, relieve the system of all impurities, which, by circulating in the blood, injuriously affect the action of the KIDNEYS, and, by removing the causes of so much discomfort restore the vital energies of body and mind. -- FADE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. Sold by all Chemists in Boxes. Is. ltd. and 2s. 9d. or mailed Free ou receipt of remittance by GEORGE EADE, 72, GOSWELL-ROAD, LONDON, E.C. EADE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS.

EA.DE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. THE FIRST TWO PILLS TOOK THE PAIN AWAY. ---- EADE'S pus. 2, College Park Viras, Kensal Green, London, W., May, 1891. EADE'S pILLS. Dear Sir,—l feel it my duty to tell you I had Rheumatic Gout ADE'S pILLS. once, and had to stop at home for three weeks. I cannotdescribe the pain I suffered. I read your Advertisement, and looked upon it as all others. A brother signalman said, " Try them. I did so. THE FIRST TWO PILLS TOOK THE PAIN AWAY in a few hours, and I was able to resume my work. No one need be frightened to take them. I have recommended them GOUT to all whom I have heard complaining of Rheumatism, RHEUMATISM Gout, Lumbago, Neuralgia, Bcc., I hope no one will doubt GOUT my statement.—Yours sincerely. RHEUMATISM JAMES PETTENGALL. Mr. G. Eade. FADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. Prepared only by George Bade, 72, GOSWELL-ROAD, LONDON. 8.C.; and Sold by all Chemists in Bottles, is. Ifd., and 2s. 9d. FADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS.

WHY BE A STATE SOCIALIST? WHY BE A STATE COERCIONIST ? THY FIGHT FOR POLITICAL POWER OVER YOUR FELLOWMAN? WHY NOT JOIN OUR RAINKS AND BECOME A VOLUNTARYIST? READ FREE LIFE. ORGAN OF THE VOLUNTARY STATE. EDITED BY AUBERON HERBERT. MONTHLY id. YEARLY is. 6d. Post Free. SOLD BY THOMAS CLARK, NEWSAGENT. 33, MARKET-STREET, EARLESTOWN.

EL ROBINSON, Largest IMPORTER of Mouldings in the Provinces. Over woe Patterns kept. PICTURE AND SHOWCARD FRAME MAKER, HAS REMOVED TO. 21, ST. ANNE-ST., LIVERPOOL. DIRECTLY OPPOSITE THE CHURCH. Country Customers will be allowed return fare on £lO orders and above.

HARDAWAY AND POPPING. (late BOULOGNE-SUR-MER), Only Address, FLUSHING, HOLLAND, Postage 20. Price list published twice daily containinz latest market movements, forwarded free on receipt of post- card containing address. NO REPRESENTATIVES AT RACE MEETINGS.

T. G. PATERSON, FLUSHING, HOLLAND. The TURF REGISTER, published twice daily, is forwarded pest free on receipt of address. Double and Tzeble Events on all Principal Races. Starting Price Limit Minor Races :- 16 to 1 win, 4 to 1 place, 8 runners. No Limit Principal Events.

TEETH. TEETH. 1 TEETH. TEETH. PARKINSON'S TEETH are, at the price UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD. The TEETH. public may rest assured that these state- ments are based on ABSOLUTE TRUTH, and perhaps the best guarantee of this to TEETH. intending patients is that J. H. PARKIN- SON has one of the Largest Dental Piactices TEETH. in England, the outcome of employing the BEST LABOUR, using the BEST TEETH. MATERIALS obtainable, and charging the LOIVEST POSSIBLE PRICE. TEETH. Any set made, or work done by him, and not giving ABSOLUTE SATISFACTION in every detail will be immediately corrected. TEEM. or an ENTIRE NEW SET made FREE OF CHARGE. TEETH. These conditions insure the public's satis- faction and recommendation, exemplified by TEETH. 21 sets having been inserted for patients during one year only directly and indirectly TEETH. tmhernouti 0 tnh of =En tsalri& Gus ura=tgr Any _ or all of these patients' names and addresdes. TEETH.. for reference, will be given to any would-be patient personally applying for them. These, TEETH. with thousands in the past, each recom- mending their friends, speak volumes for Mr. TEETH. Parkinson's success. His unusually large dental establishment 1 TEETH adapted for the COMFORT of Patients MUST . NOT DETER ANY. ALL are WELCOME to FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily from 9 to 12 TEETH. and 2to 6. ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS EXTRACTION, TEETH. &C., as hitherto, by the aid of his own made LIQUID NITROUS OXIDE, of which he TEETH. now liquefies for sale to dentists, nearly 10,000 gallons weekly. Patients have, there- fore, in this speciality also the benefit of his TEETH. experience. TEETH. J. H. PARKINSON, TEETH. Dentist by Examination, MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET. ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET. EARLE•s'TOWN, cn TUESDAYS, at Mrs. Mees, 2to 5 p.m. WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, Sankey-street, (Side entrance, first floor) 2to 5 p.m. RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs. Hughes' , Confectioner Bridge-street, from 2 to 5. SORTHWICH, on FRIDAYS. at 18, Appleztarket-street, er 11 to 12 a.m., and 1 to 5 p.m. Jai

ESTABLISHED 1855. WILLIAM LINDOP, 72, THOMAS-STREET, MANCHESTER. BOWLING GREEN BOWLS AND BILLIARD BALLS, CUES. TIPS, CHALK. WAFERS. CEMENT, AND ALL BILLIARD ACCESSORIES. DOMINOES, CHESS, DRAUGHTS, Jte. UMBRELLA. AND WALKING STICK MANUFACTURER TO THE TRADE.

REAIBRANDT ART STUDIO, 18, FRIARS' GATE, WARRINGTON. (Round by Lipton's). (Dont Forget It.) J. W. JAMSON. THE PHOTOGRAPHER. Guarantees a Good Portrait at a Reasonable Price. TRY THEM. Photographs of Anything and Everything.

R. CLAMP & SON, MANUFACTURERS OF TRAVELLING INCISITES. GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16s. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 245. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9s. 6th 39 AND 41 DALE STREET, • 12, LORD STREET, AND 8, PARKER STREET. LIVERPOOL.

AN ENGLISHMAN'S HOUSE IS HIS CASTLE or, properly speaking, ought to be. This cart never be the case, if unfortunately a would-be householder has to resort to the Easy Payment System. a new name for the int. quitous Hire System. To furnish a house on the Hire System, alias the Easy Payment System, is to establish and support what is the most cruel, arbitrary extortion ever invented. The prices charged for the goods are enormous, without any regard for quality, the agreements are one-sided, being drawn with a cuteness which would do credit to a money lender, full of despotic and arbitrary restrictions, suchas not to remove the mark on the furniture, not to remove the furniture, not to wear the furniture. At all times to allow the mere, naries to inspect the furniture. To pay the instal- mcnts regularly, and if oneis missed to forfeit the furniture and all the moneys you may have paid, that is to say, although you might have paid £l9 on £2 worth of furniture, but missed the last payment by a single day, the vultures could empty your house and stick to the £l9 paid, as well as the furniture. Other conditions such as permission to break open forcibly night or day, the outer and inner doors of your house, in order to take away the goods, and above all, that no matter ho‘t badly f.nd wickedly they may treat you that you undertake not to resort to legal proceedings. Be warned in titre, have nothing to do with easypayment or hire system. If you require assistanae go to Mr. W. H. Worsley, " The Pantheon." Gaythorne, Manchester, the largest House Fur- nisher in the North, who will treat you mitt' consideration, sell you goods at the lowest cash price, and, if required, allow you time to pay for them, charging you 10 per cent over invoice price for the convenience. For instance Mr. Worsley has several HOUSES OF FUR- NITURE on view at £l5 155., £2O, £25, £3O, £5,..), £lOO, all at the lowest cash price, and not a penny less. Any of the above supplied subject to credit, upon 10 per cent being added to the amount. Particulars post free. GREAT BkRGAINS AT WORSLEY'S.—DRAWING- ROOM SUITE complete, solid .valnut, cost £4O, price for quick sale £9 cash, £9 18s. credit, with Cabinet, 2 Tables, Overmantle, Carpet, Fender, and Brasses, &c. Heavy Dining-room Suite, complete, in Mahogany, uphol- stered in Ottoman Cloth, cost £4) new, the whole lot for £ll 10s., with Side Board, Dining Table, Overmantle, and Coal , Vase to match; also a Persian C.,rpet and Hearthrug. , Magnificent Bedroom Suite: L irge size Wardrobe, plate- glass. Centre door, wings for hanging, Dressing Table, Wash- stand, 'Three chairs and Rail, polished satinwood, ten' guineas complete with heavy brass Persian Bedstetei, Curtains, Mat- tress, &c., all to match. Ten per cent added for credit. Note the following bargain :—Complete House of Furniture, mainly second-hand, for £2O cash £22 if by deferred pay- ments. Consists of a heavy sitting-room suite in leather, couch, two easy chairs and four single chairs, dining table, mahogany sideboard. Persian c ,rpet and hearthrug, brass fender, brass fire appliances, cornice and curtains, and pictures. The kitchen has a substantial dresser, chairs, arm chair, rocking chair, table, fender and fireirons, hearthrug, oileloth, &c. The bedroom is furnished with bedroom suite, chairs and rail, chamber service, brass mounted bedstead, patent wire spring mattress, Shetland wool overlay, Lolster and two pillows, carpet, and fender. The stairs and the landing are fitted with carpets, brass rods, &c. The hall or lobby is fitted with oilcloth, brass clip, three mats and a cocoa mat. The above forms the most compact, convenient bat ever offered. Other lots, £25, £3O. £35, £4O. and £5O, eqoally cheap ; particulars sent on application. Every article guaranteed for five years, exchanged if not approved. -- • WO/tSLEY'S "THE PANTHEON," GAYTHORN, MANCHESTER. Hours of business 9 a.m. to? p.m.

ESTABLISHED 1861. JAMES WEBSTER. MIDDELBURG, HOLLAND. (Late of Calais and Bcubgne-Sur-Mer. France.) Bankers :—England—London and Westminster Bank", Lon- don. Scotland—Bank of Scotland, Glasgow. Ireland—Bank of Ireland, Dublin. The Great Yorkshire Handicap, St. Leger, Duke of York Stakes, Cesarewitch and Cambridge- shire.—Double and Treble Events. Starting Prices on all Races. No S. P. Limit on the Principal Races. Accumu- lative Commissions. 'The Turf Chronicle." Free on receipt of address.

ONE BABY'S BONNY 818. ONE PRETTY PINAFORE. ONE PAIR SILK SLEEVE TIES. FREE 13 Penny Stamps. MONEY RETURNED, each week, to first five answering this Advertisement. GOULDTHORPE, EHEPLEY, HUDDERSFIELD. Kindly name this paper.

17 you want to find out how great a boastful elan is, let him tell it himself. SOME officers always show the white feather when they are in full dress uniform. " A MAN should always live within his income," says a financier, "even if he has to borrow to do it." r "I THINK I will have autumn leaves on my new hat," said she. "F am glad of it," returned he, for autumn leaves are falling." A MAN having fallen from his berth in a sleep- ing car, hurt his knee rather badly, a in a sleep- claimed that he was lame from his bertnd at once SOME people sneer at the Siamese for h. the elephant. But in this country worshipping paid every year just for the privilegemillions are the elephant." of "seeing MOST UNREASONABLE :—" I believe if it hadn't been for my money you would never have married me." She :—" If it had been I Could you expect it ?" A GENTLEMAN found the water at a public bathing establishment so dirty that, on going. out, he asked the man in charge :—" I say, friend, where do strangers go for a wash after bathing here ?" BROWN—" You see those two sheep over there 7, Spell the pair in one letter." Bass—" Give it up. Brown—" W." Bass—" Very good, Brown—only one of them happens to be a ram." "How are you, Smith? How are all the girls your way? Are you sweet on that Miss Jones as pen used to be ?' "Oh, no! I've left that off. Sonie time." "Had a quarrel ?" "No. Married her last month." AN American who had been in the far East told a French lady that Hincloo girls are taught to, think of marriage as soon as they can talk. she replied: "French girls are not. They don't require teeching,." • A WAY TO Mann HIM SMILE. —Editor—" I Can nos Make Him Smile" (reading title of her poem);. " You want to make him smile very bad, eh? ", Miss Violet (with indignant inflection)—" Sir '2 E.::ieor—" Show him your poem." " AND tiICM'S what folk calls handsome, are they ?" said a Leicestershire farmer, as he watched a couple of hansom cabs rolling down the Strand. "Well, I wonder what they'd think if they could see a new waggon With red whe2ls." A GOOD story is told of Sully, the painter, a mart distinguished for refinement of manners as well as success iu art. At a party one evening Sully was speaking of a belle who was a great favourite- " Ah," said Sully, "she has a mouth like an elephant." "Oh ! Mr. Sully, how can you be so rude ?" " Rude, ladies, rude? What do you mean? I say she has got a mouth like an elephant because it is full of ivory." FIRST BRIDESMAID: "You'll never tell ?" Second bridesmaid: "Of course not. I never do, you know." First bridesmaid: "Well, she toldme— in strict confidence, understand—that, though Jack was poor, they were going to travel all suminer. and stop at the best hotels, and that they got the money by selling their wedding presents. Now, I wonder if my spoons are paying part of the ei* penses." Duniero the short time that Lord Byron was lot Parliament, a petition, setting forth the wretched condition of the Irish peasantry, was one evening presented, and very coldly received by the " here,' ditary legislative wisdom." " Ah, said Lac' Byron, "what a misfortune it was for the Irish that they were not born black! They would then have had plenty of friends in both houses." WHEN Goldsmith once talked to Johnson of the difficulty of living on very intimate terms witil anyone with whom you differed on an important topic, Johnson replied, "Why, sir, you must shfln. the subject as to which you disagree. For instance, I can live very well with Burke; I love his knowlede, diffusion all effulgence of conversation; I would not talk to "VERY DISAGREEABLE. —A young man at a part, was talking very big about his knowledge of human nature and his insight into character, adding, "I can tell at the first glance what oth,er people are thinking of me." Universal astonise" ment followed, until a lady broke silence with the words, "How very disagreeable that must be Pr nu • • .1 • , . . diCw4l:4eetifiklq GIVE EA9E & COMFORT DURING TEETHIN.G. Pleasant, Cooling Aperient for Children of an Ages. Try them and prove their value for yourselves. I Sold everywhere in packets, Is. I?td. and 2s. 9d., or p2st free 14 or 34 stamps. 1 J. PRITCHARD, CHEMIST, 0/1111ADLIC. NANO/Ili/STEIL ante Charlton WO/.

JOHN WALKER AND Co., PROPRIETORS Or THE EXAMINER SERIES OF LANCASHIRE & CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS WHICH COMPRISE THE Warrington Mid-Cheshire Examiner, pub- lished Saturday morning. The district covered by the Paper comprises many populous manufacturing towns and villages, and a large agricultural tract. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, and Ashton, Golborne, and Haydock Reporter, published Friday afternoon. The district is in the heart of the Lancashire coal field. THE St. Helens Examiner and Prescot Weekly News, _L published Friday afternoon. The district comprises the *entre of the Glass, Chemical, and Watch Trades of the Xing- om. &c. rr HE Runcorn Examiner, published Friday after- noon. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district, and fifers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. THE Widns Examiner, published Friday after- noon. Widnes contains the largest number of Cillemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and is rapidly becoming an important centre of industry. Auction, Education, Wanted, To be Let, On Sale, Legal Public Meeting, Sermon, Lecture, Bazaar, and other Public' Notices, Advertisements (exceptParliamentary)are inserted in all the above papers at one charge. Each of the above papers consists of 8 pages. 56 long and wide columns,ea.ch column admitting more matter than tha solumns of any otherlocal paper—a fact deserving the atta a tion of both advertisers and subscribers. Each Examiner, in addition to giving the local intelligence of the district. in which it circulates, contains the general news of the week. ' Priceif each Paper—ONE PENNY PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. One Charge secures Insertion of the undermentioned Adver- tisements in ALL the FIVE EXAMINERS. WANTEDS, TO BE LETS, 18 WORDS, OD.. ON SALES, } And 3d. for each succeeding 9 words. One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. I 18 Os. 6d. is. 3d. ... 2s. Od. 27 Os. 9d. ... is. 10d. ... 3s. IC I 36 is. Od. 2s. 6d. ... 4s. Od. 45 is. 3d. ... 3s. id. ... ss. 54. 54 is. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. ... 6s. Oa. ' These charges apply only to the classes of advertise- ment specified below, and are strictly confined to those which are ordered for CONSECUTIVE insertion and PAID FOR PREVIOUS TO INSERTION : otherwise they will be charged by the Business scale : APARTMENIS WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO I.vT HOUSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES BUSINESSES FOR DISPOSAL PARTNERSHIPS WANTED BUSINESSES WANTED SITUATIONS WANTED HOUSES TO LET SITUATIONS VACANT Advertisers have thus the opportunity of WIDE PUBLICITY AT A CHEAP RATE. Advertisements received at any of the District Offices, or may be sent to the Chief Office, Warrington. Stamps received for amounts under ss. PRINTING! PRINTING! THE WARRINGTON "EXAMINER," GENERAL PRINTING DEPARTMENT Has an established reputation for giving Careful and Prompt Attention to the wants of all Customers: and its facilities for the production of Good Work of every kind—from the smallest typographic trifle to the biggest mural "Mammoth " are available to the public, at prices which are strictly moderate. Careless, inartistic, and slovenly printing is the bane of business men. They find it doesn't pay to have it—even at" the lowest tender." JOHN WALKER AND CO. UNDERTAKE PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS, PRINTING FOR LOCAL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIANS, PRINTING FOR PUBLIC COMPANIES, PRINTING FOR SCHOOL •BOARDS, PRINTING FOR CHURCHES, PRINTING FOR CHAPELS, PRINTING FOR MERCHANTS, PRINTING FOR LOAN OFFICES, PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES, PRINTING FOR MANUFACTURERS, PRINTING FOR SOLICITORS, PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS, PRINTING FOR BANKS, PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS, PRINTING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES, PRINTING FOR BUILDING SOCIETIES. PRINTING FOR CRICKET CLUBS, PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN, PRINTING FOR ALL. Auctioneers' Sale Bills, Catalogues, Conditions of Sale Circulars, Pamphlets, Price Lists, Programmes for Concerts, Soirees, Balls, Ac.; Rules for Friendly,. Building, and Co-operative Societies; Cricket Club Rules, Time Sheets and Books, Note Headings, Memorandums,Work Notes, Bill Heads Business, Visiting, and Mourning Cards, Handbills, &c. Solicitors, Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and others requiring Printing of any description, are requested to give a trial. PLACARDS ANY SIZE OR COLOUR. THE " LEVIATHAN " PLACARD Single Sheet, 51t. 3in. by 31 t. 9in, THE LARGEST IN THE DISTRICT. A aIONSTRE PLACARD may be formed by joining a number of the" LEVIATHAN" SHEETS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. A SPECIALTY. MAMMOTH POSTERS. LARGE TYPE MAMMOTH POSTERS. FOR MAMMOTH POSTERS. THE MOST STRIKING MAMMOTH POSTERS. POSTER MAMMOTH POSTERS. Produced hi the Count MAMMOTH POSTERS. P AINS T AXING PRINTERS are now-a-days sought for by business men who study real economy in announcements which they wish the public to notice ; as well as by Friendly Societies, Trade Unions, Trading Associations and Companies, in the careful production of Reports, Balance Sheets &c. ; and by Musical Unions, Pastors, and Choir Conductors, for neatly and tastefully arranged PROGRAMMES, BOOKS OF WORDS, WINDOW BILLS, PLACARDS, &c. THE " EX.A.MINER " WORKS, BEWSEY-STREET. PROGRAMMES FOR BAZAARS. PROGRAMMES FOR SALES OF WORK. PROGRAMMES FOR BALLS. PROGRAMMES FOR CON VERSAZ lONES PROGRAMMES FOR SOIREES. PROGRAMMES FOR CONCERTS. PROGRAMMES Fon FETES, Sic. MAMMOTH POSTE itS : A SPECIALITY. LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS. • GENERAL PRINTING WORKS ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL CLASSES OF W "EXAMINER " STEAM PRINTING WORKS BEWSEY STREET. WARRINGTON.

WARRINGTON TOWN COUNCIL. A meeting of this Council was held at the Town Hall on Tuesday evening. In the absence of the Mayor and the Deputy-Mayor, Alderman Harrison was elected to preside. The other members present were Aldermen Blackhurst, Sutton, Hutchinson, Bolton; Councillors J. Fairclough, Roberts, Green- ing, Hill, Smethurst, Bennett, Woods, Skelton, Shill- cock, Longton, R. T. Fairclough, Evans, shaw, %ilkinson, Beaman, Garner, Baird, .Plumpton, Davies, Heaton, Hepherd, Cannell ; Messrs. Whittle (town clerk), and Longden (borough surveyor). THE RESIGNATION OF COUNCILLOR FLOOD. The CHAIRMAN stated that the resignation of Coun- cillor Flood had been received. As the term of Coun- cillor Flood's office terminated the next day it was not necessary to give the usual notice for tilling up the vacancy. The resignation was accepted. THE PROSECUTIONS FOR SUNDAY SHAVING. Councillor Serew asked the Chairman of the Watch Committee " what course they intended to pursue after the recent prosecution of certain persons under the Lord's Day Act, and for the amount of cost incurred (if any), and whether it is intended to extend such prose- cutions to others carrying on Sunday trade." Councillor GREENING asked if the question was in order as the prosecutions had not been made by the Watch Committee. Councillor SHAW said he only wanted to know whether there ware any costs incurred in connection with the prosecutions. The CHAIRMAN: No costs whatever have been incurred by the Watch Committee: Councillor SHAW then proceeded to read an extract from the Lord's Day Act, but was interrupted by Councillor ROBERTS, who asked for the ruling of the Town Clerk as to whether Councillor Shaw was in order. Hitherto he had ruled that a member having given notice of a question could only ask that question and no more. The CHAIRMAN: That is what I have always under- stood. The TOWN CLERK replied that a member could explain his question, but no discussion could arise on it. Councillor SHAW, after reading from the Act, con- tended that it did not even touch upon the " quality or position "of a barber. Alderman SUTTON asked that time should not be wasted. It seemed to him that the question had already been answered, and therefore there was no necessity for further talk about it. Councillor SHAW : I only wanted to know whether there would be any more prosecutions. Ihe CHAIRMAN said he was prepared to answer the question positively. The prosecutions were not insti- tuted by the Watch Committee nor by the police ,but by the Hairdressers' Aesociation. Councillor SIAM' afterwards gave notice to move at the next meeting that the question be referred to the Watch Committee for consideration. THE PRINTING CONTRACT. At a meeting of the Finance and Estate Committee it was resolved that the tender of Messrs. Mackie and Co., Limited, for the printing and stationery required by the I Corporation for the next twelve months he accepted. The confirmation of the mieutes wee moved imy Coun- cillor HEPHERD, seconded by Councillor JAMES FAIR- CLOUGH. Councillor LoNoTori said he should like to know whether the tender of Messrs. Mackie and Co. for print- ins, was advertised for, and whether it was not the fact that the prices were higher in every respect this year than they had ever been? Councillor JAMES FAIRCLOUGH said the tender was advera,ed for in the usual manner, and there was no tender from anyone but Messrs. Mackie and Co. There was a sub-committee formed to interview Mesers.Mackie and Co., to arrange the whole matter with them, and they were quite satisfied with the result. The subject then dropped, and the minutes were passed. THE LAYING OUT OF STREETS AND THE ADOPTION OF PLANS. Alderman SUTTON proposed, and Aderman BLACK- HURST seconded, the adoption of the minutes of the Street Improvement Committee which proposed the adoption of several plans. Councillor BENNETT oomplained that whore two houses had been built at the corner of Gorsey-lane and Padgate- lane there was not a width of 40 feet. He further re- marked that the streets between the Parish Church and Padgate-lane were wofully mismanaged, and were not laid out in accordance with any steady principle or even a principle of• common geometry. In the words of Elijah Gough, "Thee aimed at nothing, and succeeded beyond all expectation." (Laughter.) Councillor WOODS understood that the two houses in Gorsey-lane were in course of erection before the plans were sanctioned by the committee. If that was true it was a breach of the bylaws, and should not be allowed in any case, more particularly in houses of that class. (Hear, hear.) Councillor SHAW said he was building those two houses himself, and he was able to Say that the street was over 40 feet wide. Alderman SUTTON suggested that notice should be given of questions of thiskind,so that they might be able to give proper and fair answers to them. The plans now in question came before the committee in the regular way, and he could say that the streets were 40 feet wide, and at one part more than that. There was not a single case, either in that neighbourhood or any other, where the bylaws had not been observed. If anybody began to erect property before obtaining the sanction, of the committee, it was upon his own responsibility,and if the houses should happen to be not in accordance with the bylaws he would have to pull them down. The minutes were then confirmed. HEALTH COMMITTEE.-INSANITARY DWELLINGS. Alderman Sterroxe moved, and Councillor SKELTON , seconded, the adoption of this Committee's minutes which contained the following resolution: "That the Town Clerk be instructed to take the necessary proceed- ings under the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890. for the closing of the undermentioned houses, all I of which have been reported by the Medical Officer of Health to be unfit for human habit ,tion :-1, 2,3, 4,5, 6,7, Arnold's Yard, Haydock-st. ; 1,2, 3,4, 5,6, Back Haydock-st. ;1, 2. 3, Buckley's Yard, Hayclock-st. ; 4, 5,6; Buckley's Yard, Haydock-st. ; 7,8, Buckley's Yard, Haydock-et. ; 1, 2. 3,5, 7. 9, Boardman's Court, Haydock-st. ; 1,2, 50, 52, 51, 56, 58. 60, Gaskell's Yard, Golborne-st. ; 37, Golborne-st. ; 1, Cambria Place ;• 24, Gelborne-st. ' • 3, Cambria Place; 2, 4,6, 8, William-st. ; 10, 12. 14, 16, 18, William-st. •, 8, 6. 4,2, Back William- st. ; 49, School Brow; 13, 15, Buckley-st., Winwick- road." Councillor HILL moved as an amendment that the minutes pass with the exception of the ahove resolution. He said that a number of the owners of those houses had received notice that their houses were in an insani- tary condition before they had a chance to put them in a sanitary condition. He thought the honest thing to do was instead of sending that vague notice they ought to tell the owners what they must do. He did not be- lieve that the property owners liked to have their pro- perty in an insanitary state. Alderman SUTTON: Are they your property ? Councillor HILL : That's my business. Alderman SUTTON : Perhaps You will tell es. Councillor Then : There are 55 houses,and there were 42 in September, a total of 97 houses. Whore are you going to find room for those families in the town? The CHAIRMAN : I think you are precluded from dis- cussing this matter. Councillor ROBERTS asked the Town Clerk whether if a member of the Council takes part in a discussion in which he had a personal interest, he was not liable to prosecution. The TOWN CLERK : The law is that anyone who has a pecuniary interest is precluded from discussing it. It is a direct breach of the law to discuss it. Councillor SMETHURST said that he would move the amendment as Councillor Bill could not.. The action of the committee was literally turning the families into the street. Alderman SUTTON rose to a point of order. Were they not out of order in discussing the question as they wers bound to serve notice under time Act? The TOWN CLERK said the Health Committee was appointed by the Council to carry out the Act,and that, therefore, they had to deal with the cases reported to ! them. Councillor ROBERTS observed that the notice which was issued was required to be issued by law. The pre- sent resolution was in the words of the Act, and they I simple meant that notice was given to the people who owned tit houses to put them in better condition. It was onl• a preliminary notice to the owners, and if the ownerr came before the committee they would no doubt be informed of what was required. If the property were put in a sanitary condition the notice fell to the ground and is of no further effect, hut. if the houses were incap- able of repair that was the first notice which the con). mittee took towards absolutely closing the property. Alderman SUTTON said that the committee were bound to act upon the report of the Medical Officer of Health, and lie promised that the property owners, if they came before the committee, would receive every considera- tion. The minutes were then passed. PAVING AND SEWERAGE COMMITTEE. Alderman WRIGHT moved the adoption of this Com- mittee's minutes, which contained the following tender: -That the tender of Mr. John Melbourne to supply 50 cast-iron ventilator covers at £34, and the tender of Mr. John Chorley to supply 50 ditto at £34, he accepted. Councillor DAVIES drew attention to the condition of

POST OFFICE, WARRINGTON. LIST OF WEEK-DAY DESPATCHES. Showing the the time to which a Letter can be poste with Ordinary Postage, and with an Extra Half penn Stamp.

EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON. HEAD OFFICE High-st., Newton. PoSTMASTER Mr. James Jordan. Hours of f Week-days, 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. Atte nee. I.Sundays 7to 10 a.m. Box closes at 5.40 p.m. The Telegraph Office is open NI Week-day from 7-30 a.m. to 8 p.m., and on Sundays from 7-30 to 10 a.m. Money Order and Savings Bank Business 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. PARCEL POST. —Parcels are despatched at 10-15 a.m., 2-15 7-15 p.m., and 8 p.m. LETTER DELIVERY commences at 7 a.m.,12-30, and 3-30 p.m

LIST OF DESPATCHES. Showing thetime to which a letter can be posted with Ordi- nary Postage, and with an extra half-penny stamp.

Ashton-in-Makerfield,Earlestown, Golhorne, Lowton, & Winwick. All places south of Crewe. Ireland and all parts West of Chester. Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Blackburn, Blackpool, Bolton, Burnley, Fleetwood, Liverpool, Manchester, Oldham, Ormskirk, Prescot, Preston, Rochdale, Southport, Stalybridge, Wigan, Yorkshire, North-West of Eng- land, and North of Ireland (Day Mail Birmingham, Chester, Crewe, London, Macclesfield, Midland and Southern Counties, North Wales, Stafford. Stockport, War- rington, Wolverhampton, Ire- land (Day Mail) and Foreign. Belfast, Birkenhead, Birmingham, Burnley, Buxton, Cambridge, Chester, Devonshire. Liverpool, North Wales,Preston,St.Hetens. Southport, and South Wales ... Ashton-in-Makerfield, Earlestown, Golborne, Lowton & Winwick Warrington, Manchester. Oldham, Stockport, and all Yorkshire. ... Wigan. All Parts—General Night Mail. ... SUNDAY DESPATCHES. All Parts—General Night Mail.

WEEK-I) XYS. 10-15 a.m.. 12-20, 1-30, and 8 p.m. 9-20 a.m. and 7-25 p.m. 9-30:1.m. and 5-30 p.m. 9-15 a.m. and 8 p.m. 7-10 a.m. told 6-20 p.m. 6-30 p.m. 9-25 a.m. and 5-55 )5 6-40 a.m. and 6-30 p.m. *These are Telegraph Ofices also 10 a.m., 2 and 7 p.m. 8 a.m. and 4-30 p.m. 5, 10 a.m, 12 noon, 2 & 7 p.m. 6-40 p.m. 8-15 a.m. and 5-45 p.m. 9-30 a.m. and 7 p.m.. 8-30 a.m. and 6 p.m. 6 pin. 7 p.m. 7.15 a.m. and 6-15 p.m. 9-30 a.m.

England, Wales, Ireland, Scotland, and Foreign London and the South Frodsham, Helsby, & Lymm ..... Manchester, S.-tilast Lancashire, Yorksl,ire, Durham, Northum- berland, and Lincolnshire Chester, Liverpool, Birkenhead, Sonthport,Prescot, Wigan, Orms- kirk, Widnes, & Earlestowu London, Foreign, and the South Midland Counties & South Wales Preston, North Lancashire, New - ton-le-WiLows, St. Helens. and Chester Manchester London and Foreign, South, S - Eastern, and Minland Counties Lancashire, Runcorn, Crewe, Ches- ter, Wales, and Ireland Glasgow, Preston, Wigan, Man- chester, Bolton, & Chester London and Foreign, South. S - Eastern, MidlAnd, Northern, Eastern Counties, & Lancashire Croft, Padgate. Woolsten, Stockton Heath, and Stretton London & Foreign, South, and S - E9.stern Counties

WANTED, Sufferers from Lumbago or Dropsy to send 14 stamps for certain cure. J. ASHWORTH, Eurton, Chorley.

WAR MEDALS WANTND, dated 1848 or earlier, 1890 or later. 10s. and upwards given.—Major TOMES, Droitwich.

AGENT WANTED—£26 per quarter,paid weekly,splendid opening. Experience unnecessary. Specimens Free. Address Compo Worxs, Farnworth, Bolton. WANTED intending PURCHASERS to send for Shackell and Co.'s Illustrated List of PIANOS and ORGANS. -71, Piccadilly, Manchester.

T IFE ASSURANCE.—WANTED, spare time AGENTS in kJ Warrington. Lymm, and Altrincham.—Apply District Superintendent, 170, Forster-street, Warrington. _

A GENTS WANTED.—Jewellery, watches, pipes, cloth 11 jog, toys, hardware furniture, wringers, harmoniums. Wholesale Book free.-11ENRY MAY. Birmingham:

WANTED immediately, ASSISTANT MISTRESS; Art 50. ; mixed; sewing, drawing, music • Disciplinarian £4S.—CORRESPONDENT, British Schools, Pendlebury, Man- chester.

A.CTIVE AGENT WANTED for Fleetwood, for North's" Typewriter latest machine on the market. Visible writing. Good commission allowed. NORTH'S TYPEWRITER Co. Ltd., 53, Lord-street. Liverpool.

FOREIGN STAMPS.—Collectors WANTED to send for our approval Selections. Several thousand varieties. Good specimens cheap. Collections bought. Reference or deposit required.—Bußßow STAMP Co., 11, Chapel-walks, Liverpool.

YOUNG LADIES who want to be independent and make their way in the word, should write for prospectus of the SCIENTIFIC DRESS-CUTTING ASSOCIATION, 272, Regent Circus, London, W. Situations found for all pupils at good salaries. Established 13 years. DRESSMAKIITG by SKILLED COMPETENT litods (not pupils) for Town or Country. TAILOR-MADE DRESSES a Specialite. CUTTING and FITTING for home use, Paper or Holland PATTERNS to measurement. Write for Prospectus. SCIENTIFIC-DRESS CUTTING ASSOCIATION, 272, Regent Circus, London, W.

TOBACCONISTS commencing. 'll'd. Guide (259 pages; 3d.—TOBACCONISTS' CO., IE6, Euston-road. London Shop-fitters tor all trades.—Manager, Hr. MYERS, Est. 1866.

LEFT OFF CLOTHES bought, best price for parcels for- k/ warded, if not approved, goods returned.—JAMES GOR- MAN, New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 326, 328, and 346, Deansgate, Manchester,

QECOND-HAND DRESS SUITS, Military, Theatrical,Band Uniforms and Liveries for sale or hire.—JamEs GOB- MAN, New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 326. 328, and 346, Deausgate, Manchester. Also Gentlemen's misfit Suits perfectly new at a third cost price.

RUNCORN UNION.—SCHOOLMASTER WANTED.-- The Guardians require a SCHOOLMASTER for the Boys' Echool at the Workhouse. Dutton, Salary £35 per annum with board, washing and lodging in the Workhouse and an allowance of £4 per annum in lieu of beer together with such further sum as may be awarded by the certificate of the Local Government Board. Candidates must be on • married. The average number of boys is 26, and the officer appointed will be required to take the entire charge of the. boys out of school hours. The Appointment will be sul-ject to the approval of the Local Government Board. Applica- tions in the handwriting of the candidates, stating age, class of certificate, present and previous occupations with three recent testimonials to be sent to me not later than Thursday, the Bth instant. The Appointmeist will be made on Tuesday, the 13th instant, and selected cand'clates will receive notice to attend on that day, and third class return fares will be paid. By Order. JOHN ASHTON, Clerk to the Guardians. Runcorn, Ist November, 1894.

_ g2OOOOO At from 4 per cent. (trust and other money) to be Advanced on Mortgage or Deposit of Deeds, in sums to suit borrowers, in any part of the country.—J. W. READER, 5, Cook-street, Liverpool. lel. No. 5,1E2.

ONEY LENT AT 5 PEE. CENT. to respectable persons I. on simply promising to repay, no security required.— Apply before going elsewhere to JOHN WILSON, 15, Cable-st , Liverpaci.

NO FEES UNLESS CASH IS ADVANCED. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO upwards on BORROWERS' OWN PROMISSORY NOTE WITHOUT SURETIES. Upwards of £70,000 now beinglent annually. For prospectus and terms, apply to GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 20, KENNEDY STREET. MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1870.

APPLY AND BE CONVINCED. Mitislp'RrelpCarEe,d 2t70 CAhD7At ham E IlLiollAßNosadfr,,)Aml aLcahnedstuepr, wards to respectable Householders, Tradesmen, Farmers and others, without Bondsmen or Sureties. at the following scale of interest : £5 LOAN TO BE REPAID . £lO 9 gt t £is .. „ £2O ~ ,• £3O LARGE SUMS in same prs.,-,,ortion. ALL ADVANCES are PAID IN FULL, Distance no object. Money advanced at Borrower's Own House, thus saving them the troule and expense ot a journey. Farmers can have Cash on Terms that no other office can possibly offer. Letters immediately attended to.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. ,T R. JOHN E. GOODWIN continues to make AD VANCItt LI FRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working-men. and all respectable Tic useholders, on their own security. 40NEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry, on your simple written prcntise to pay back.—Apply r t VI-C- -TORIA CHAMBERS (toot of the Central Station), WIDNES, and in WARRINGTCN at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane, any Evening from 6 t 7. Applications from RUNCORN and District generally receive precisely the same attention.

It MANCHESTER GENTLEMAN having a large amount of Uninvested CAPITAL at his command is prepared to ADVANCE same to responaiLle Persons in Sums of £lO to £lOOO, On the Borrower's simple written promise to repay ; Without Sureties, Delay, Law Costs or Publicity. Also on Deeds, Life Policies, etc., at 5 per cent interest. The amount Borrowed can be repaid by easy instalments or capital can remain so long as the interest is paid, as this office is a bona-fide private concern and not connected with any Loan Office. It is requested that habitual borrowers will not apply. For full particulars apply personally or by letter to J. CAMPBELL, ESQ., MANCHESTER CHAMBERS, 46a, MARKET-sTREET. MANCHESTER.

gtisallantous.

(AN SALE. FISHING BOAT, splendid condition. all corn- plete. 3lft. on keel ; price £4O.—RIGBY, 123,Virginia-et., Southport.

WELL BUILT COTTAGE PROPERTY FOR SALE in lots to suit purchasers.-- Apply 9, Froghall-lane, Warrington.

Et RIF FIT H'S STRENGTH PILLS cure Nervousness, Debility, never fail, 2s. ed. a box.—GRI,FFITH, Chemist, Leamington.

MESMERISM, HYPNOTISM, genuine instructions how to mesmerise, easy method, roars of laughter, 7 stamps.—AUTHOß, 33, OrAyen Park-rd., Willesden Junction.

DEALER'S, SHOPKEEPERS, MARKETPEOPLE, &c.— Lace, Hosiery, and assorted Goods. Job lots always on hand,l s. bundles. —DEAVILLE and Co., Manufacturers, 29, Hounds Gate, Nottingham.

910 BE DISPOSED OF, the PATENT EIGHTS of the J world-renowned Boytcrn's Water Chute, ,tc., for Lanca- shire, either as a whole or for any separate district.—App!y to B. aYICES, 33, Winckley square, Preston.

GEORGE JACKSON. PAWNBROKEK, JEWELLER, AND SILVERSMITH, 59, AND 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY. Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS, GUNS and MUSICAL IN- SIKUMENTS ot every Deacription. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

GENUINE Silver LEVER. by Blackhurst.Warrington. Centre- Payments taken. seconds stop, worth £5 10s. Will lend £2 in pledge. Cost new. 6 guineas Only E 3 10s. ylAssivE told ALBERT and Payments taken. SEAL. Worth 5 guineas. _Lei 1.) 6 Only XS .Ihi S. D. SILVEIt Geneva WATCH. Centre Payments taken. seconds stop. Worth 50s. El 6 Only S.

NEW and Second-hand ki bAitTH RUGS, from 2s. lid. Carpets, Payments taken. Oilcloths, 2 yards wide, is. ld. per yd.

F- CLASS W kINGING Payments taken. MACHINE, perfectly new, we'l finished bearings, usually sold 141 1 6:2 a at 3 guineas Only -Ai _LOS. VD. VERY Handsome Spring ROCK- Payments taken.; ING CHAIR, upholstered in best Brussell's carpet, Worth one 15s. OD. guinea. Only

.• FIRST-CLASS Solid Oak HAT- SIAND, equal to new, with Payments taken. handsome plate glass mirror, glove la 1_ ofS. VD 1 box with lid. Worth 70s. Only

ROSES.—Strong healthy trees, leading varieties (named). 4s. 64. per dozen. Also Standards. —H. PARXINSuN 10, Bramwell-street Stockport

rrWO DALMATIAN POINTERS (carriage dogs), dog and 1 bitch; dog two years 3ld, bitch 15 months old. Apply 67, Stuart-road, Walton, Liverpool.

LAUD'S IRON PILLS (P.P.) enrich blood. beautify 1) complexion; gross. post free ls.—lxmAs and Co., Edinburgh.

wANTED COCK GOLDFINCH will exchange Meer- schaum pipe carved and splendidly coloured.—ALFßED DIXON, 2 Union-street, Dunstable.

ECZENIA.—" BISHOP'S ZELAH " Lotion instantly Relieves and Cures all Skin Disease.—Pcst free, is. 2s. BISHOP, Hatfield, Doncaster.

SU ITI NG S, TROUSERINGS, from. 1/3 yard double; write for patterns. Special lines in Friezes. Special prices to Tailors. —REMNANT CLOTH Co., 315, Hunslet Road, Leeds.

--- -PURNISHING and UNDERTAKING BUSINESS; record A! season; large premises; old established; exceptional opportunity; owner retiring —J. J. CORLETT, Ramsey, Isle of Man.

GENTLEMAN'S Black Scarboro' WATERPROOF COATS. 301 n. capes, £1 is., worth £1 155., limited number, all sizes. Send height.—DOWNS AND WILLES, waterproof garment merchants, Worcester. pATCHWOII K.-50 pieces silk, satin: brocade. velvet, is. Bd. or is 2d. ; print pieces (good parcel) Is. 7d. ; par- cels for bazaar work and doll draping 3s, 6d,..—sTAcEy, London-road, Southampton.

fIOLDFINCHES. Fine English goldfinch cocks, 12s. doz ; linnets, cocks, 4s. duz ; all other british birds kept in stock, goods sent on receipt of cash.—Exoca 'GOWER, 67 Sclater-street, London, E.

-n-,1-1 BEAUTIFULLY RELIEF SCRAPS. Birds. Flowers, Trees, Animals, Figures. &c. Well assorted, 7d. free. 50 cards for scrapbooks 70. Lists free.— LEE, 85, Tnurlow-street, Walworth, London.

PHOTOGRAPHY made easy, illustrated catalogu. (sent free) of Amateur Ph,tograoher's Requisites—new and second-hand—cheapest house in the trade. The Photographic Depot, 71, Oxford-st., Manchester. (All Saints).

FOUND, a way to make On, Pound go as far as Three. The most wonderful stock of Gentle.: en's and Boys' Cloth- ing in Liverpool. Gent's Dress Suits on Lire, 3s. to ss. per day .—ELwoon, 164, London-road, Liverpool.

VEEP FROM DAMP. I hive some extra strong white 1 Waterproof SHEETS, tift. by 3rt.. 2s. 6d.; 6ft. by 6ft,., 5. ; carriage paid to any address ; cost four times the money. —H. J. GASSON, Government Contractor, Rye.

JOHN LOWE, Fire and Thief-proot SAFE MAKER, has OE SALE Milner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others ; new and second-hand ; very cheap; 100 to choose from. —X Albert-street. King-street West. Manchester.

RUGS! RUGS! ! good, all wool, Sit. long, 61 t. wide, and weigh over 41b. Government grey, only been used a little, much better than common new. I will send post free for 35., from H. J. GessoN, Government contractor, Rye.

GUNS.—BUFFALO BILL 1\ ()USELESS SAFETY RIFLE Fires ball or shot and kills at 150 yards. Guaranteed. 265. each. 200 Second hand Guns. Catalogues, testimonials. —HILLSIDON,FAR-KILLING GUN MANUFACTURERS, Folkestone. and Dover.

lythS uIIS2,s. excellent condition. Few special Misfits, from 30s. ; Coats, 10s. and 12s. Suits on hire, from 3s. per cl,y. Gentlemen's Misfits and Second-hand Uothing of every description a.lwajs in stock.—ELwoon 164, London-road, Liverpool.

ECZEMA.—" Dr. Wilson's .Eczetna Core" immediately relieves irritation and pain and speedily cures the most obstinate Skin Diseases, when other means signally fail. Jars Is. ; treble size, 2s. 9d. At most chemists, or post free, direct from 20, Fordham-st., Liverpool.

TO BE SOLD.—Three GREEN HOUSES, situate Qi.een's _L Park. St. }Wens. Two 40 yards long, one 36 yards long, 13It 6in. each; fitted throughout with 4i . hot water v piwn h g ground aout four thousand yards—Al WILLIAM. PRESTON. Eccleston Arms Hotel, Prescot Road, ... Helens.

OOK ! LOOK ! ! LOOK !! ! Greatest Pargains on kJ Earth. 10,000 WATEItPROOF HOODS alio CAPES. Purchased from the Government. Cost Is. Ed, eavh. I will send a Hood and Cape for 24 stamps post free. Quite new, but put out of service.—Hr. JOHN GAssox, Government Con- tractor, Eye.

CLIRIN and S'OBBITTIC DISEASES such as RCZEMA, 0 SCURF, SYCOSIS (Barber's Itch), PIMPLES and other eruptions cured by "ENGLAND'S OINTMENT."— Has cured cases of long standing after medical n-en have failed. Per Box is. 4td. By Post is. 60. From E. ENGLAND, Liscard, Liverpool.

HEIGHT INCREASED.—Three inches without fear of detection by PINET'S Elevators (Patented). Can be Worn in any Boot' or Shoe. Awarded Gold Medal, Paris. Caution—only obtainable, PINET, E., 56, Berner's-st.,Oxford- st., London, W. Pamphlet and Testimonials one stamp. Note 50,000 • people increased their height last year by Pinet's Elevators.

KILLED by SANFORD'S RAT POISON, which is said by Farmers and others to be the best ever introduced. as they find the rats dead. Hundreds of testimonials from farmers and others. Also poison for killing Moles, a New Discovery, answers well. Land infested with these pests can be speedily cleared by using SANFORD'S MOLE POISON. Price of either of above. Is. 2d.. is 6d.,25. 6d.,55., post free, of SANFORD and SON, Sandy Beds. Sold by Chemists,

"THAT'S WHAT I GET FOR MY PAINS,' as the Cyclist said, when rubbing with CI_IBSON'S FAMOUS EMBROCATION.—BottIes is. k 3 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d., post free.—Ginsoies ItmstiocATioN COMPANY, Queen's Avenue, Castle-st., Liverpool. SOLD at BOOTS, Cash Chemist, Bridge-st., Warrington.

AWARDEDFIRST PRIZE MEDAL, Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition. 1887, and Sydney Centenary Ex. hibition, 1888,—To PICTURE FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS.—Cheapest House in London. for English and Foreign Picture Frame and Room Mouldings—all the newest designs. Two million feet always in stock. Veneered and fancy wood mouldings, etc. Fictkire frames of every description, oleographs, &c. Further reduction in prices. Wholesale Carver and Gilder. Every requisite for the trade and exportation. Special attention to country and shipdlog orders. Full particulars in New Pattern Book just published (94 pages) containing all the Newest Designs for 4d, stamps. —H. MORELL. 17 and 18. Great St, Andrew-st„ Bloomsbury, London. Telegraphic address 'Rabbitry," London. Stock lists and prices of glass monthly, free.

WALKER'S SPECIFIC FOR PILES.—A Certain safe and speedy remedy. Beneficial to the g neral health. Cures constipation. Invaluable to ladies. In boxes, is. and 2s. 9d.. of most chemists ; by post Is. 3d. and 2s. 11d.— J. WALKER, 15, Charlotte-st., Landport.

THE KNOCKABOUT WATCH, invaluable to workmen, _L boys, and cyciists, an exeellent and guaranted time- keeper. hundreds sold weekly, strongest w,ttelt on earth. care ullv packed post tree 4s. 9d. -Postal orders to A. MARKS, 9, York-road, City•road, London.

e 4 UN. double-barrel. central fire, breech-loader, 12 bore, kJ grand killing weapon, finest barrels, left choked, all other improvements of value ; substantial, reliable, and well- tested article in leather case, with cartridge belt and cart- ridges all perfect, and carriage paid. 3 guineas cash.—: WAnnumw, Royal Wilts Yeomanry Cavalry, Chippennam, Wilt a.

Telephone: No. 55. ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. OFFICES—Market Gate Chambers, AUCTION Rooms—No.l Bank Street Warrington. AGENT TO—Sun Fire and Life Office, London, Established 1710. Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass, Fidelity Guar- antee and Employers' Liability) Insurance Association. Established 1856. Imperial Live Stock Insurance Association Limited. Es- tablished 1878. National Boiler Insurance Company, Limited. Established 1864.

400 OIL PAINTINGS.—MONDAY NEXT, and four following days, the MART, 37, CORPORATION-STREET, MANCHESTER, at 11 each day. APL4OOW OILILPIAAAIINTEILNLGISS witilhlouStErLesLerlß,eY vAieIfwCTION morn- ings of sale. Catalogues on application.

(1 THOMAS UOWDELL. ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, OFFICES AND SALEROOM, SCOTLAND ROAD CHAMBERS, 45, SCOTLAND ROAD, WARRINGTON. Furniture on SALE by Private Treaty. INSPECTION INVITED.

WE LET STONE-BREAKERS, all types, with Steel or Iron Frames; also MORTAR MILLS, CON- CRETE MIXERS, DISINTEGRATORS, and GRINDING MACHINERY, and PORTABLE ENGINES en Hire with option of purchase. New and second-hand, ready for de- livery,—S. MASON and Co., Brandon-Bt., Leicester.

QT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS LIMITED (late Ormerod, 13 Grierson, and Co. Limited), Hulme, Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS, Millwright, and all kinds of Engineeeing Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appli- mtion.—Telephone 229.

HOT AIR MOIORS (patent).--There are many cases in which no other Motor could he used than the Air Engine. Can be worked by gas, oil, coal, or coke.—Send for parti2ulars and prices.—WlLLtam BUTTERWORTH and SON, Show Rooms, King-street West, Nianchester. 2

PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BRISTOL. Have in Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particulars on application.

pA TENT OFF ICE MANCHESTER, ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha sl more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish- ment, and possess practical knowledge of the-cotton, woollen, and iron manufactures. "Self-hp to the New Patent Law," price 6d. "Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws," price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON, F.1.P.A., M.8.A., 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

BELL'S ABESTOS PACKED WATER GAUGES, BELL'S ASBESTOS PACKED COCKS AND VALVES Are the Best Fittings in the Market. When ordering new boilers, steam users should indent for and insist upon having these in4tead of antiquated and unre- liable patterns. A Sample Set of Gauges or a Cock will be supplied on a two months' trial. Illustrated Priced Catalogue post free from PUTZ, CURPHEY AND CO., THE ASBESTOS, INDIA RUBBER AND ENGINEER'S STORES, WAREHOUSE, 2, STRAND-ST., JAMES-ST. LIVERPOOL, Telephone. 1078. Telegrams, ASBESTOS—Liverpool.

TUCK AND CO., Limited. INDIA RUBBER & PURE ASBESTOS GOODS. LEATHER BELTING. HAIR AND COTTON BELTING LACES, &c. Guaranteed quality. ' Lace, Thread, or Copper Sewn. or CEMENTED ONLY. BONA FIDE MANUFACTURERS. 42, Chapel Street. Liverpool, Also at 35, Market Street, Manchester. London, Car:liff, Newport, and Dublin, LEATHER WORKS. LIVERPOOL.

El) be ket.. HORSE MARIZTbeSrT4tHEN, icnoiriaerrriona. Warrington. st. ---F inest OLD cr. sole, Plumber,TA Market Painter, , 3 Joiner, Storey z garehouse. MARKET GATE, finest fi sutit floor. e ofOFFICES in town, on BANE. STREET, OFFICES, £5 a room. pENKETII. COTTAGES, s. 9d., and 28.6 d. per week. F"OsnitLwLi-LA cNe a r (topad od fwNilbeng--ttoroeseet).—fivGeoobdedrcooormnesr bath (hot and cold water), w.c., SLc. £3O. Apply, ROBERT LOWE. Estate Agent, Market Gate Chambers Warrington. Telephone—No. 55.

STABLES.—GooI. excellent position ; two stalls ; rent low.—Apply Y.M.C.A.. Friar's Green, Warrington. _ f'IOTTAGE and GARDEN TO LBT.—Apply Miss WHITLOW, MOSS View, near Appleton Thorn, Cheshire.

CHOP and HOUSE to LET with B AKEHOUSE, 62 and 64, Golborne-street.—Apply 20, Rolleston-street, Warring- ton.

Q HOPS & HOUSES TO LET or SOLD with sea and moun- tain view at Colwyn.—Apply H. EvArrs, Mohrcroft, Colwyn.

HOUSE TO LET, 75, Padgate Lane,—For particulars, apply, 10. Golborne-street, or 77, Padgate Lane, Warrington,

TO LET, Dwelling-boase, HopwoodStreet, four bedrooms, rent ss. Od.—Apply, ASHTON & WOODS. Solicitors, Horsemarket-st., Warrington.

TO BE LET—Good DWELLING-HOUSE with SHOP, 1 Manchester-road, rent 7s.clear.—Apply THos. COWDELL, estate agent, Scotland-road Chambers, Warrington.

BJ RUDBlCriOdglieN-streeto Runcorn;SrHe3P2saonpderPrnemnuism / es: fi,Txot.usrel at valuation—Apply W. T. lirAlf, 33. Mosley-at., Ma'nchest

110 Ur aTnOt Bs ii4t3,l aLttTn, ; Craerl tt o terrace moderate; , S t o3cktou bedrooms,Heath; sitting-rooms, cellar, and scullery. Apply JAMES WAR- 131:RTON.

TO B 1 LET.—The finest showy HOUSE and SHOP in 1 Harlestown. Suitable for any first class business ; 24ft. of window.—Apply by letter to "L." Examiner Office, Earlestown.

lIOUSE TO LET.-68, Bewsey-st. •' capital Dwelling House; 4 bedrooms, bathroom, hot and cold water, wardrobe, 2 entertaining rooms, &c.; reduced rent.—Particu- aars, THOS. COWDELL, Estate agent, 45, Scotland-road Cham- blrs, Warrington.

THE POOR MAN'S FRIEND. SKIN DISEASES. ONg B INVALUABLEasorignaII3 pro- pared SKIN DISEASES. rsaarendunbLiCiiin.gLr.emßeoaßyEßfoTr9w, ) Mo I;nlpd's SKIN DISEASES. V'r uepvtei royn s , i3description,urn s Ini a mSceodr rytei cs : &c. SKIN DISEASES. --- SMN DISEASES. DR. ROBERTS' ALTERATIVE PILLS, SKIN DISEASES. For the BLOOD and SKIN, are very effectual in the cure of SKIN DISEASES. tsilliOtwsforill(f)finskpianindfiusr csreacTisli7nh the skin and scaly diseases. SKIN DISEASES. Sold at Is. 10,28. 9d., by the Pro- -0 prietors, Bricip*rt.and by Chemists. B

' WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. •41 iT LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown. EVERY WEDNESDAY. *TEUTONIC ...Wed., Nov. 71 BRITANNIC...Wed., Nov. 14. Cotton not carried on Passenger Steamers. Second Cabin will be carried on toe voyage marked thus*, Steerage passage at low rates. including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore. The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class, uniform in model and arrangements, and unsurpassed in the completeness of their appointments. Saloon and State Room amidships. Apply to ISMA.Y, InnuE, and Co., 34, Leadenhall-street, London, 8.C.. and 10. Water-street, Liverpool.

EMIGRATION TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD: JOHN WALKER AND CO., .• EXAMINER OFFICE, WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOR IUNARD LINE for NEW YORK every SATUR- ki DAY, and for BOSTON every THURSDAY.—Fare £2.

AMERICAN LIM—SOUTHAMPTON to NEW YORK, direct every SATURDAY. and LIVERPOOL to PHILADELPHIA, every WEDNESDAY.—Fare £2.

NEW ZEALAND, TASMANIA, and AUSTRALIAN LINES landing passengers en route at Teneriffe, Cape Town, and at Hobart. dm.

INTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, BOS- TON, PHILADELPHIA, SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA, CHINA, JAPAN, AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND, should take tickets at the LOWEST RATES at THE "EXAMINER" OFFICE, WARRINGTON. By any of the above-mentioned or any other lines. JOHN WALKER AND CO., AGENTS.

ELECTRO - MASSAGE (THOMAS' SYSTEM). CONSULTING AND TREATMENT ROOMS :- 22, LORD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. R. H. THOMAS, SPECIALIST. RESULTS FROM THOMAS' METHOD OF TREATMENT. ELECTRO-MASSAGE, ELECTRO-HYDROPATHY, &C. Miss—, Liverpool, chronic dyspepsia, nervous exhaustion; eighteen treatments.—C U RED. Mr. —, Liverpool, bronchial-asthma, general debility ; eight treatments.—CUßED, Master —, Bootle, paralysis, nervous debility, &c. ; twenty treatments.—MUCH IMPROVED. Mr. —, Warrington, nervous exhaustion, varicocele; eigh- teen treatments.—CUßED. Miss —, Birkenhead, many years chronic asthma, nervous debility, and general exhaustion ; eight treatments.— ALMOST CURED. Mr. —, Bootle, varicocele, mental depression ; eighteen treatments—CUßED. Mr. —, Liverpool, varicocele, nervous exhaustion, &c. ; twenty treatments—COMPLETELY RESTORED. Mr. —, Liverpool, neuritis, atrophy of the optics, nervous debility, sluggish liver; SIGHT RESTORED, general health greatly improved—sixteen treatments. Miss —, Liverpool, goitre and general debility—nearly well. Full particulars on application. Free consultation. R. H. Thomas, Specialist, 22, Lord-street. Liverpool. ELECTRICITY, as a Therapeutic Agent, when scientifically applied, acts as a STIMULANT, SEDATIVE, TONIC. THE EFFECTS ARE— IMP ROVEMENT IN SLEEP, INCREASE OF APPETITE; IMPROVEMENT IN DIGESTION AND ASSIMILATION, REGULATION OF BOWELS; IMPROVEMENT IN CIRCULATION, RELIEF OF NER- VOUSNESS AND MENTAL DEPRESSION; INCREASE IN VITAL FORCE AND NERVE ENERGY. Mr. —, Birkenhead, nervous debility of long standing; six treatments—better in every way. Mr. —, Prenton, nervous exhaustion, acute neuralgia, general prostration; twelve treatments, CURED. Mr. Liverpool, nervous debility, sluggish liver, consti- pation, varicocele; twelve treatments, CURED. Mr. --, Seacombe. extreme nervousness, constipation general debflity ; fifteen treatments, CURED. Mr. —, Prenton, nervous dyspepsia and liver congestion ; twelve treatments, greatly improved. Mr. —, Bold-street, Liverpool, complete nervous exhaus- tion, loss of vital power, congested liver ; twelve treat- ments, FULLY RESTORED. Mr.—, St. Michael's, . nervous debility, chronic constina- tion of years, standing, varicocelo ; two courses of treat- ment, THOROUGHLY CURED. Many of the above cases had been considered hopelessly incurable. References on application. CONSULTATIONS FREE. One Resident Patient taken. R. H. THOMAS, SPECIALIST. 22, LORD-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

WELCOME ALWAYS, KEEP IT HANDY, GRANT'S MORELL A CHERRY BRANDY, Have you ever tasted this delicious liqueur, which is made from the famous Kent Morellas QUEEN'S QUALITY for general use, SPORTSMAN'S QUALITY for exercise in the open air. SOLD EVERYWHERE. Ask for GRANT'S and don't be put off with inferior makes, THOS. GRANT AND SONS, MAIDSTONE.

SCOTT'S PILLS Cure Headache and Sickness. Cure Indigestion. Cure Flatulence and Heartburn. Cure all Bilious Affections.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Are a Tonic Purifier. . Strengthen the Whole System. Induce Cheerfulness. Invaluable as a Family Medicine.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Cure Loss of Appetite. Cure Depression of Spirits. Cure all Disorders of the Blood. Cure Lass,tude and Nervousness.

DR. SCOTT'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS. Are wrapped in a square green package, bearing the name of the proprietor. W. LAMBERT, 173, Seymour Place, London, W., by post for 14 or 54 stamps.

GOLD MEDAL DIETETIC TEAS. SPECIALLY RECOMMENDED TO DYSPEPTICS, and a great boon to any who have been denied the use of other teas by their Medical Advisers. HENRY MILLING & CO. LTD. MERCHANTS, WARRINGTON.

31ES3U-SC4C:3IOINTI3O rxi r To make your household bright, and your Clothes snow-Nshite . '''' 7. ''• - . - '_ US E V,TAtiimy,4,4"-,c;,,,:,..,• • ..-r-y,,- ft,. . ,w.:y,..,... - 47' , '''' ' A .5•:‘: , -- „,, • f!4•oii , ), f,,,, ti.(•,. r pir' , . IV.t. liaci, ' IT PRESERVE CLOTH' - 'l,)ic`P`. :, ' ''.. (1',..:4 ''''. ~, • ,fi S- . ',.' s's'• - '''" 'to( ' ,i' tlP",Trizi ~,, ; 4 BONUS' TO BE GIVEN UP TO DEC. 31, 11394, Full Particulars Picture of the Statue TO ALL USERS OF VENUS SOAP. on each Wrapper. VENUS DE MILO For 30 Wrappers, Handsome Needle Case (tilled complete) will be sent. (Size 17,i by 54-in. mounted) For 120 Wrappers, Timepiece No. I, 4-in. Dial, will be sent. will be sent to any address For 25 WRAPPERS. and For zoo Wrappers, Timepiece N 0.2, 6-in. Dial, will be sent. For 60 WRAPPERS For 350 Wrappers, Timepiece No. 3, 9-in. Dial, will be sent. In Handsome Gilt Frame.

RAILWAY TIME TABLE. NOVENIBER FROM WARRINUTON TO Acton Bridge-7 10,7 35, 828, 10 45, 12, 2 35, 5 15, 35. 728. Sundays 10 15 a.m. Alt= and Hillhouse-7 12, 8 37, all 15,114.a315,a 40, a 635 Sundays 9 40, 2 5,8 50. a Stops if required. Birmingham (1, & N.-'4V.)*30,a3 23, 7 10.9 50, 120, 1 50,3 58, 5 15, 630, 7 28, 11 35. Sunday s3O. 10 15, 4 2C, 11 35. a Mon- days only. *Mondays excepted. Birmingham (Midland)-6 4. 9 59, 11 55, 12 55, 50, 5 28, 5556 55 1152. Sundays 1145, 425,515 p.m. Blackburn-2 40, 5 20, 5 45, 8 35, 955, 11 40, 12 35, 2 25,3 48, 6 14,8 47. Sundays 843, 6 0. Blackpool-5 20, 5 45, 835, 9 55, 10 0, 11 40,12 35,1 30, 225 3 48, 6 14, 1 17, 8 47, 10 2. Sundays 2 40,8 43, 60. Bolton-5 45, 8 25, 10 0,10 40. 3 20, 3 43, 6 25, 8 11, 9 18. Sundays 740 a.m. 5 20, 7 47 p.m. Carlisle-2 40, 5 '2O, 5 45, 9 55, 10 0, 11 40, 2 40, 3 48. Sun- days 2 40, 3 35. Chester-* 7 42. 95, 10 23, 12 7, 12 15, 1 40, 1 52, 3 17, 422, 5 11, 64, 7 42, 1014, 11 32. Sundays 844, 7 45,11 32. Collins Green-7 10, 820, 10 5, 12 7, 12 35, 3 30, 3 48, 55, 6 20, 78, 9 15, 10 20. Sundays 8 43, 60. Crewe-a3 0,53 23, 7 10, 7 35. 8 28, 950, 10 45, 12 0, 1 50, 235, 311, 515, 7 23, 8 26, 11 35. Sundays 30, 10 15, 4.2 11 3,5. aMondays excepted. bMondays only. Daresbury-7 42, 9 5. 12 15, 152. 3 17, 5 11, 6 4, 742, 10 14, Sundays 8 44, 745 p.m. Derby (Midland)-6 4, 9 11, 959, 11 53, 12 55, 4 11, 50 528. 555, 655 11 53. Sundays 11 45 a.m., 3 5.1, 515 p.m. Barlestow n-5 45, 710, 825, 835, 1040, 12 35. 115' 348,535.545,78, 910. 1010, 1020. Sundays,7 40, 835 , 8 43, 60, 7 47, 9 45. *Saturdays only. Edinburgh-240, 520, 9 55, 11 40, 1235, 2 25, 348, 10 15, Sundays 2 40 a.m. 9 45 p.m. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 38, 8 25, 10 0, 11 48, 2 5, 3 20. 512, 6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays 848, 2 40, 7 50. Frodsham-7 42, 9 5, 10 23, 12 15, 1 52, 3 17. 4 22, 5 11, 6 4 7 42, 10 14. Sundays 844 a.m.. 745 p.m. G-arstou (Cheshire Line,)-7 12, 758, 831, 95, 10 50., 12 0 15.2 10. 40, 5 29, 60, 57 5, 80, c 9 30, dlO 20, 11 39 Sun, days 90, 9 55, 11 25, 2 32, 7 10, 9 18, 10 18. dSaturdays only. bßuns 0 minutes later on Saturdays. cSaturdays ex- cepted. Glasgow-2 40, 520, 9 55, 11 40, 12 35, 2 40, 3 48, 10 2. Sundays 2 40, 9 45. Golborne-5 45, 7 10, 8 35, 10 40, 12 35, 1 15* *Saturdays only. 348, 5 35. 7 17, 915 10 10. Sundays 8 43. 60. hough Green-7 12, 7 56.8 31,9 5, a 9 30, 12 0,1 5, 2 10, 40, 65,b72, ag 0, a 9 30, alo 20, Sundays 9 0, 11 25, 2 32, 918. aSaturdays only. bßuns 5 minutes later on Saturdays. cSat- urdays excepted. Irlam and Cadishead (Central)-? 0, 7 55, 821, 70, 9 15. Sundays 8 56. 10 12. 3 17, 5 15, 7 18, 9 28. Latchford-From Arpley Station-6 4.0 , 7 22, 80,9 0, 9 58, 10 49, 12 36, 1 16, 2 38, 4 11,5 18, 6 13, 78, a 7 45, 9 13. Sundays 8 50, 3 8. 818. aSaturdays only. Liverpool (L. & N.-W.)-5 25. 7 10, 8 20, 835, 10 5, 12 7, 55,6207 8, 10 20. Sundays 5 20, 8 35, 8 43, 3 28. 456,60, 945. From High Level Platform. Liverpool (From Low Level I'latform)-7 38, 825,10 0,10 14, 11 48, 2 5, 3 20, 5 12, 6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 7 50, Liverpool (Cheshire Lines)-a4 35, 530, 7 12, 756, 8 31, 860, 95, 950, 10 24, 10 30, 1050, 1150, 120, 1250, 1257' 115,1 41, 1 50,2 10, 2 50, 3 32, 3 50, 40, 4 50, 5 29, 550 6 18,6 50,7 5, 7 52, 8 0, 8 50,9 6, 9 18, 10 15,10 45, alllo, 11 39, Sundays 435, 5 30. 90, 9 55, 11 25, 2 20, 2 32, 7 10, 830, 9 18 10 18, 10 33. alixcept Mondays. London (L.& N.-W.)-a3 0, b 3 23, 7 10, 9 50, 10 45, 12 0, 1 48, 150. 3 58, 5 15, 6 30, 11 35. Sundays 30, 10 15, 420, 11 35. aMondays excepted. bMondays only. London (Midland)-6 14. 9 59, 1139. 12 55, 3 20, 50, 11 53, Sundays 11 45 a.m., 4 25 p.m. Lynam-6 20,7 22, 80,9 0, 9 58, 10 49, 12 36, 1 16, 2 38, 4 11, 5 18, 613, 78, a 7 45, 913. Sundays 850,38, 8 18. aSatuidays only. From Arpley Station. Manchester (L. & N.-W.)-2 45, 8 25, 9 19, 10 40, 12 14, 2 0, 3 20, 4 21, 55, 717. 98, 10 20. Sundays 245 a.m., 50, 60, 747 aMondays only. From High Level Platform. Manchester (From Bank Quay Low Level Platform)-*6 20, 7 20,7 55, 8 57, 9 5D,,16,46, 1 /4, 2 35, 4 9, 6 10, 7 5, 9 10, 11 40. Sundays 8 46, 3 5, 8 15, 11 40. "From Arpley Station. Manchester (Clieshice Lines)-7 0, 1 55, 8 21, 8 55, 90, 9 55, 10 55, 11 25, 11 55, 1255, 155, 255, 3 55, 4 55, 5 55, 6 55, 7 0, 7 55, 8 12, 8 55, 9 15, 55, alo 0, all 10, 11 50. Sundays 56. 37, 10 12, 35, 317, bl 5, 718, 8 55, 9 22, 9 35, 10 0. Saturdays only. Middlewich-7 35, 10 45. 2 35, 5 35, 7 28. Moore-7 35, 1 50, 2 35, 535. 7 28. Sundays 10 15 a.m. Newton-le-Willows-2 45, 5 45, 7 10, 8 35, 9 19, 10 0, 10 40, 12 14, 12 35. 3 20, 3 48, 4 21, 5 35, 6 25, 7 17, 8 11, 9 18, 10 10,10 20. Sundays 2 45, 7 40. 8 43, 3 35, 5 0,6 0, 7 47, 8 58, 945. Padgate-7 0, 7 55, 8 21, 1027, 11 0, 12 27, 1 41' 2 17, 3 55, 528, 70, 8 12. 9 15. Sundays 856 10 12, 3 50, 5 15, 935 . Preston-2 40. 5 20, 5 45, 8 35, 9 55, 10 0, 11 40, 12 35, 2 25, 3 48,6 14, 7 17, 8 47, 10 2. Sundays 240, 8 43, 3 35, 60, 9 45. Runcorn-7 38, 8 25, 100, 11 48,2 5, 3 20, 5 12, 6 17, 80, Sankey (for Penketh)-7 55, 95, 10 5, 11 0, 12 0,1 5, 210,258,40, 5 29, a 6 1..), 75,80, a 9 30, 510 20,10 45. Sun- days 90, 11 25, 2 32, 9 13. aSaturdays excepted. bSatur- days only. (C.L.0.) Sheffieid (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line (commenced Juoe 25)-8 55, 10 55, IL 27, 155, 46, 6 55. Sundays 5 5 p.m, St. Helens--5 25, 7 10, 8 20, 835, 10 5, 12 7, /2 35, 3 30, 55, 6 20, 78, 9 15, 10 20. Sundays 8 35, 8 43, 60, 9 45. Southport (Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 5 37, a 9 30, 11 15, 114, 315,40, 53, 65,7 2, 9 10, Sundays 9 36, 2 5, 8 50, aSaturdays only. Thelwall-5 20, 7 22, 8 0, 9 0, 9 58, 10 49,12 36,1 16,2 38,4 11, 518,613.78, a 7 45,9 13. Sundays. 850,38, 818. a Satur- days only. From Arpley Station. Widnes (Cheshire Lines) -756, 95, 13 5, 11 0, 12 0, 1 5, 2 10. 2 58, 40, 5 29, ft 10, 75, 58 0, 9 10, a 9 30, blO 20. Sun- days 90, 9 36, 2 32, 9 18, aSaturdays excepted. bSaturdays only. Widnes (L. and N.-W-) -7 3iB, 825, 100, 1014, 11 48, 25, 320, 5 12, 6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays, 8 48, 2 40,7 50. Wigan-2 40, 5 23. 5 45, 7 10, 8 3D, 9 55, 11 40, 12 35, 1 15. 1 30,2 25. 3 48, 5 35, 6 14, 8 47. 10 2. Sundays 2 40, 8 43. • 3 35, 60, 9 45 TO WARRING-TON FROM Acton Bridge-6 39, 7 45, 8 52, 11 40, 37, 436. 6 44, 829 Sundays 753. 4 32. Altear find Hillhouse-9 14, 1 16, 7 18, 3 24, 9 49. Sundays 9 20, 2 26, 8 22. Birmingham (L. 8; N.-W.)-3 10, 60, 7 20, 9 0, 11 30, 12 15, 3 40, 5 50, 7 25, 11 15. Sundays 3 10, 12 15, 70. Birmingham (Midland)-6 4, 8 50, 9 59, 11 30, 12 55, 2 40, 50 6 55. bll 53. Sundays 4 30, a.m., 4 20. 12 .55. bExcept Mondays. Blackburn-8 30, 8 50, 10 55, 12 45, 24, 3 13,6 30, 755, 1015. Sundays 8 0, 5 40, Blackpool (Talbot Road)-8 12, 8 45, 9 55, 105, 11 40. 1 20, 2 20,3 15, 5 15,7 10, 8 35, 10 0. Sundays 7 40, 1 35, 5 15, 8 40. Blackpool (Central)-8 0, 8 27. 8 55, 9 55, 10 10, 20, 2 50, 4 45. 6 55, 8 is. Sundays 7 10, 1 20, 4 55, 8 50. . Bolton-5 45, 80, 9 15, 10 35, 12 35,2 20, 415, 513. 5 55, 8 30. Sundays 6 10, 920 p.m. Carlisle-12 5, 650. 8 40, 9 30, 12 34, 1 40, 4 22, 5 38, 8 41. Sundays 12 5 a.m.. 8 41, 12 10 p.m. Chester-2 0, 7 25, 8 45, 9 40, 1012, 11 5, 11 40, 1 25, 2 10, 250, 345, 530. 6 3.5,7 35, 3 35, Sundays 20, 6 30, a.m., 6 50 p.m.. Collins Green-6 39, 7 16. 8 42, 10 9, 12 36, 14, 1 43, 2 10, 3 10, 5 28, 623, 7 47, 9 16. 10 46. Sundays 81 ). 715. Crewe-2 3, 4 42, 60, 813. 920, 115. 1110, 150, 235, 5 40, 65.8 5. 9 20. Sundays 23. 4 42, 7 10, 2 40. 40, 9 12. Daresnury-8 16, 10 17, 11 43, 2 47, 5 42, 8 13. Sundays 721, 737 p.m. Derby-8 15, 1020, 1 10, 35, 40, 4 45, 70,8 3, al2 35, 3 33. Sundays 12.35, 7 30 a.m., 6 18, 6 50, 3 33.p.m. aExcept Mondays. Earlestown-6 55, 7 30, 842, 924 10 9, 11 23, 11 52, 12 45, 1 6, 1.33, 3 20, 58, 5 20, 5 53, 630, 833, 9 12, 12 0. Sunthys 834,962, 10 3, 4 0, 7 18,7 23. Edinburgh-10 20, 20.6 0. 9 10. Sundays 60, 9 10. Fiddler's Ferry & Penketh-7 12, 95.9 43, 12 24, 2 17, 3 27 57,6 2. 6 51, 8 57. Sundays 8.32, 257,87. Frodsham-7 55, 93, 102, 11,2 q, 232, 4 7, 5 27, 6 57, 7 57 Sundays 6 59. 7 16 p.m. Garston (Cheshire Lines)-5 41, 627,7 50, 8 56, 9 50, 1040, 12 5, 12 56. 2 13, 4 20, 4 56. 59. 556, 657,93, 1121. Sun- days 8 23, 9 10, 240, 3 17, 442, 651. 8 54. Glasgow-1010, 20, 555. 95. Sundays 5 50, 95. Golborne-6 44, 8 26. 10 22, 1228, 2 41, 5 35, 820, 91, 10 42. Sundays 9 40, 75. Hough Green-6 40, 83. 8 25, 96,103, 1 9, 154, 224, 510 6 23, 67, 7 11, 918, 11 35, Sundays 8 31, 9 20, 3 31, 4 55, 910. Warn and Cadishead (Central)-7 38. 9 56, 12 55, 54, 8 52, 11 20. Sundays 10 til, 655, 8 35. 10 0. Latchford-8 :3, 8 40, 932 10 6, 11 17, 120. al 45, 2 13, 30. 4 22, 5541, 6 7, 6 49, 7 49, 942, 1127. Sundays 833 2 33, 7 33. a6,,tts:days only. bSaturdays excepted. Liverpool (via Earlestown)-a2 65, 60, 80, 9 20, 11 50, 130, 30, 430, 35,? 5, 835. 105, *lll5. Sundays 730, 6 30, 8 40. aMondays only. "Saturdays only. Via Widnes-6 25,8 20, 95, 9 55, 12 20, 1 30, 2 40,3 35, 4 20, 5 20, 810, 10 45. Sundays 7 45, 210 7 20, 10 45. Liverpool (Central)-5 35, 6 10, 7 30, 8 30, 8 45, 9 30, 9 35, 9 38, 10 30. 11 30, 11 55, 12 30, 12 35, 1 0, 130, 150' 20' 30, 3 45, 4 30, 4 40, 4 50, 5 30, 536, 6 30, 635, 730' 80, 30, 8 40, 9 35, alo 45, 11 0, 11 30. Sundays 8 0, 9 0, 2 30, 2 55, 4 20, 6 30, 8 30, 9 30. aMondays and Saturdays only. London (L. & N.-W.)-5 15, 60, 7 15, 10 10, 2 10, 2 15, 4 10, 5 30,100, 12 0. Sundays 10 0 a.m.. 50,100, 12 0. London (Midland)-5 15, 10 5, 12 0, 20, 40,50, a 9 15, 12 0. Sundays 3 15, 12 0. a except Mondays Lymm-8 5, 8 32, 9 23, 9 58, 11 9, 111, al 37, 2 5. 2 50, 4 14, 55 33, 552 , 6 41, 7 41, 9 33, 11 19. Sundays 825,225, 7 25. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Manchester (L. & N.-W.)-6 0, 7 0, 8.5, 9 40, 11 25, 1 5, 2 35. 3 45, 4 25, 5 10, 7 5, 9 20, 1040. Sundays 8 0, 6 0, 10 40. From Exchange. Manchester (London-road)-7 15, 750, 925, 1035, 12 35, 15," 20, 340, b 5 5, 520, 6 5, 7 5.8 55, 1045. Sundays 7 40, 1 40, 6 40. bSaturdays excepted. Manchester (Cheshire Lines)-6 43, 7 20, 8 30, a 9 5, 9 30, 935 10 30, 1045. 1130. 12 30, 12 45, 1 30, 2 30, 3 30, 4 30, 4 47,5 30, 5 45,6 30,6 38, 730, 8 30.8 33,9 58, alo 50,11 0. Sun- days 8 30, 9 15, 9 30, 10 40, 1 40, 2 0 2 5, 6 35, 8 15, 9 40. aMon- days and Saturdays only. Middlewich-6 58 11 7, 2 42, 61. Moore-7 0,9 6, 11 55, 3 20, 450, 65?. Sundays 8 15,4 48. Newton-le-Wlllows.-6 47, 6 55. 7 30. 8 42, 924, 10 9. 11 23, 11 52, 12 45. 1 6 cl2B, 1 30, 3 4, 4 7. 4 58, 549, 627, 730, 8 35, 99. 955, 11 8. Sundays 830. 9 49, 10 10, 3 55, 7 15, 7 20, 11 5. cSaturdays only. Padgate-7 51, 8 26. 90, 10 6, 19, :2 5, 6 57, 9 16. Sun- days 8 53, 11 20. 2 21, 9 12, 10 13. Preston-a 2 11. 52 36, 5 50. 95. 9 39, 11 15, 11 28, 10, 3 12, 4 25. 6 45.c7 40, 7 59, 9 35. 10 47. Sundays 2 11, 8 35, 3 15, 6 10, 1047. 52 36, aMoudays excepted. bYlonday mornings only. cSaturdays and Mondays only. Runcorn-8 39, 9 19, 10 23, 12 2, 1 30, 2 56, 440, 5 40, 6 29, 7 56. Sankey (for Penketh)-6 51, 14, 8 41, 924, 10 19, 1124. 1236.1 38.2 40. 3 44, 4 35.5 21, 5 40, 6 22, 7 26, 9 34. Sundays 8 49, 3 43, 5 7, 9 15, 9 2'3, (t'.L.C.) Sheffield (Midland) via Clainley and Dore Line (commenced June 25)-11 0. 20, 4 55. 6 52. Sundays 8 15. St. Helens-6 25, 70, 8 28, 9 18, 9 55,11 15.125. 12 50, 1 30, 155, 255, 4 45,5 15, 610, 7 20, 90, 30, "11 20. Sundays 7 40, 9 35, 6 55, 95. *Saturdax only. Southport (Lord Street) -8 10, 10 20. 11 25, 10. 2 15, 250, 3 55, 70,85,a9 0. 9 35. Sundays 90, 25,80. aSatui- days only. Thelwall-8 9, 836, 928, 10 2, 11 13, 115, at 41, 29, 255 4 18, 5537, 63, 6 45, 7 45, 9 37, 11 23. Sundays 8 29, 2 29, 7 29. aSaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. Widnes (L. & N.-W.)-7 5, 8 55, 9 33,10 33, 12 16,12 58,2 10, 4 20, 40,5 0, 5 55, 6 46,8 50, 11 6. Sundays 8 24, 2 50, 7 59, 11 6. Widnes (Cheshire Lines)- 8 30, 9 16, 10 9. 11 12, 12 25. 127. 2 30, 3 35, 4 25, 5 29, 6 12, 7 16. 7 58. 9 25. Sundays 842, 336, 50.9 7,9 20. Wigan- 2 41. 35. 633, 815. 9 31, 10 10, 11 23, 12 15, 1 23, .3,3 2.3, 4 5:.6 10, a 8 5,8 10. 8 52., 1030. Slin,layse2 41. 930, 40, 6 55, 1113. aßuns tram July 14t1i, to a.uguai, '2lth.

HOLLOWAY'S PILLS AND OINTMENT Will Cure BRONCHITIS, ASTHMA, INFLUENZA, COUGHS, COLDS, SORE THROATS, WHEEZING, TIGHTNESS AT THE CHEST, Bco. The Ointment is a Sure Remedy for CHAPPED HANDS, CHILBLAINS, BURNS, CUTS. BRUISES, SPRAINS, STIFF JOINTS, &e.

ONE CASE OF ARMY AND NAVY MEDICINES contains sufficient to cure Contagious Diseases of a certain dlass (internal and external). Price 4s. 6d. Single Bottles of Mixture, 28. 9d. Only of HOPE, Operative Chemist (late DJausgate, Alitneliebter. Advice free.

PURE IRISH LINEN. IRISH LINEN • IRISMSITBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS Guaranteed all Pure Flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. IRISHLINEN Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN COLLARS. IRISH LINEN Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars, 5/6 per dozeii ; made special to pattern, 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9,4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 46 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen, IRISH LINEN IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. IRISH LINEN 2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 4L-d. per yd. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SURPLICE IRISH LINEN LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS FOR SUMMER AND EVENING WEAR. IRISH LINEN IRISH TWEED all Pure Wool. Unsurpassed for Strength, Durability, and Style. Please say if for Ladies' or Gents' Wear. IRISH LINEN PATTERNS FREE BY RETURN OF POST. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. G. R. HUTTON & CO., LARNE, BELFAST

4 tbittart SOOTHING POWDERS, FOR CHILDREN CUTTING TEETH. IN OSE OVER FIFTY YEARS.

"JOHN STEEDIVIANy CHEMIST, WALWORTH, SURREY." is engraved on the Government Stamp affixed to each packet.

• , . i , •-:_,„, • NORTON'S CAMOMILE PILLS hive X -- reputation of nearly 100 YEARS . . `.. - • as being WITHOUT AN EQUAL as a Remedy for INDIGESTION, DYSPEPSIA, SICK BILIOUSNESS, , • ' . HEADACHE, end LIVER , , . . ip _,. COSTIVENESS, COMPLAINTS. .c ; ;,'•." -•- 't'o' EAFI -,,. , ..P 0,9; 1 (4" `• , • ..,"Nif ,z I" : ~. , -1110; b • :v. . ,;e .... 4 ,;, . . , 'ws. • -.auk .0; " =‘, 's. ~ L. ~„ a ~ „a_ Mild in Operation, Perfectly Safe, and Free from Injurious Drugs. Sold in Bottles at Is. 1., 2t. Dd.. and lit, each, by all Medicine Vendors throughout the World. Ask tor " No: ton's Camomile Pills," and do not be persuaded to purchase an imitation. ~... Prspared by Noan . t ,lues LTD., 21 Spital Square London E. ' --', , ? gallr

POLISHING-A I PLEASURE L : 7 tri 1., ViT - , 6 „. ITT:PHEF Ok) - fIat:TER. 7.4.te.'wt4,,.° ,„,. , A MARK. 73,, e-t FURNITURE CREAM. Fri a Rt, . •-•?: t.:l!'';',."7";• '''',:',',' , - ~ . - . -, ;i,s),:. ' ' •°-_-. • _ . i ' . , •_.. 44440 :.• ''' ' __-_-__-----_—., - •.:-Z- ' • Sold by Chemists, Grocers, and I ronmongers. Sole Proprietors, STEPHENSON BROS.. BRADFORD.

A PERFECT CURE WILKINSON'S 1, SPECIAL ELIXIR For weakness, loss of tiesn and vital power,rest- less sleep, ptmples,nervous exhaustion, & ailments arising from early or later-day errors. Address:- , Messrs. WILKINSON. Medical Hall, Sheffield. - .: 416 THE CASE, BY POST 4/9. Will CURE YOU . , . AGENTS —MEssRs.HOVENDENt 81. CITY 'ROAD, : who will forward by post.

25 YEARS' GOOD CHARACTER. This mont h of November, '94, completes our first Quar- ter of a Century's service as Tea Traders to the People of the North. This long service is the best possible proof that we have done our duty to the Public. And the fact that we have sold more Tea in this last year than we ever sold It any previous twelvemonth is the surest guarantee that we are giving and shall con• tinue to give The Peopte the utmost possible value for their hard-earned money. The Masses believe in our Tea simply because they have proved it, for five and twenty years, to be always the very b -st they can buy at the price. And it's so easy to get, and you're so certain to get it good, too, for our AGENTS EVERYWHERE sell exactly the same Tea in sealed Packets at precisely the same prices as at our Head-quarters. All People and all Purses are suited at 1/-, 1/2, 1/4, 1/8, 2/-, 2/4 and 2/8 a lb. BROOKE, BOND & CO., LIMITED. THE LANCASHIRE TEA WAREHOUSES- -17, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER 29, MARKET STREET,

THE GREAT REMEDY. tt X IS ' ••••• .114 OR j 74. int MA 8, FOR GOUT, RHEUMATISM, SCIATICA, LUMBA.GO. The Excruciating Pain is quickly relieved. Sure. Safe, and Effectual. Sold by all Chemists at is. id. and 2s. 9d. Per bnx.

Price, it caTnnot.o obtained. fl RIA L be The Pictorial Tutor being published at Net OF() RTE A Descriptive Prospectus sent Post Free on application to " Magazine of Music." Office. UTO R p The most re- rkable &chea est P book ever published. The 51 NET, . POST 250 PAGES (Full Music Size). Contains 70 Illustrations and over zso Songs. Dances, Carols, Anthems ny book or music seller under 5s 20. Ludgate Hi11. London, E.C.

, rr .. . . , r •" • . • it,...,,,.7,,,1r . , , , _ . , .... , • '' -4,—• ,-.• :.,, ;',:,'•':.te ..: •• ..•`:"•,.•''..'14:?.•14.r. y''''.',... 'yr-:' . - r , ~, 013111 -., , , . r r. , . .. . •. ."' '. ' '' `.:-.,-.. 'l'. s2jr(A....j".rt.o,'`e.'•• '..2.: -. . .-..Z'rt.' .. ' ' • - • r

It is a THIN PLASTER, and TAKES UP NO ROOM IN THE BOOT. It is especialiy useful for REDuLING ENLARGED IUE JOINTS, which so spoil the symmetry of otherwise beautiful feet. THOUSANDS HAVE BEEN CURED, some of whom have suffered for FIFTY YEARS, without being able to get relief from any other remedy. . . • ) _ •-• • • A trial of a box is earnestly solicited It acts like magic in " immodis,tn reliof is sure. relieving all Pain and • Throbbing, and soon cures the most obsti- nate Corns & Bunions. ' , .44.444,43.•,f77- - Is thus MEST‘ laMllll.7olErit elarem, cliscorsrezweel; Frteifieftoiorlle4i:irtoapingestofrrosm, ta. BEETIIAH & SON Chemists, CHELTENHAM Boxes. is. of all Chemists.

The xfacohrt Noble Hallf-Viiiiiifi COSTUMES. NEW REGISTERED "'DESIGN FOR WINTER, 1894. Direct from the Largest Firm of Costume Manufacturers In the World, at less than Half Ordinary Prices. These Costumes are made in The John Noble Cheviot Serge, in Black, Navy, Brown, Myrtle, Ruby, Reseda, Tan, Grey, or Drab-, they are supplied complete for the ridiculous price of 11,1130/(3 each, packed in leather board box, and . s•-,;.4., Uii-f-''' sent carriage paid for 9d. extra, and in the making of them there are 'MI Over SOO Workers Employed. The John Noble Half-Guinea Costumes are known all over the , \s. :f .. ' • world as the most remarkable ever produced, and have created a , complete revolution in the cost of garments for Ladies' wear. -, Each garment consists of improved wide Skirt and new smartly 4.2 shaped Bodice, which is pleated at the back into a pointed saddle that , terminates in two points at the front; full fashionable sleeves, bound 1 I 1 , ' seams, and belt, and the bodice can be worn inside or outside the i 4 111 ; , i . \\ \ skirt, which measures 40 inches long. The lower part of the skirt, and the cuffs, collar, and saddle of bodice, are trimmed with one row ...- A • ' , I've.„ , , I , of fine silk cord, the whole thus forming i " 1 NW ' • 1 1 4t- . ...*-'‘ A LADY'S COMPLETE 10 ~ , COSTUME ..,FOR. /6 . 4,, , ,t.,e, : ~,,;,,,,, „ . no .0 . ill A: ', . N X' %; '' N. ' The Present Design excels all previous ones in every /11; respect. The style is better, the cut is superior, and the make and /,' ' finish beyond all criticism, thus adding in a triple degree to the el already marvellous value of these Costumes, which have secured An enormous success, and are known in every part of the civilised il world. Each Costume packed in box and sent carriage paid for 9d. •/1 / \-Iy, , extra. The sizes kept in stock will fit any figure up to 38 inches round , II the bust under arms, but larger or special sizes can be made to order ,'S.• ' i' ' •'•' \ at a cost of 1/6 extra. 4 , ~ •.,, • LADIES' COSTUME SKIRTS, in the Fashionable r,, ,• . Wide Shape, aye also supplied in the John Noble Cheviot Serge, as f, • ' follows: Costume Skirts, untrimmed, price only 53; Costume 4,, X A 1 • Skirts, trimmed broad crossband of black velvet, price only 7/6; Costume Skirts, trimmed two rows military braid, price only 8/6- b . .• Each Skirt packed in box and sent carriage paid for 6d. extra. . . Colours as above. KNOCKABOUT rilooks for Girls.. From ----z. Are also supplied in the John Noble Cheviot t Length° 21 24 27 SO 33 36 39 42 45 ins. 1. Serge, with saddle top, long full sleeves, belt and pocket, at the following prices:— Price 1/6 2/- 2/6 3/- 3/6 4/- 4/6 5/- 5/6 each.) ach. Postage 44c1. extra. Every Purchaser delighted. The lengths stated are from top of neckband to bottom of skirt in front. THE JOHN NOBLE CHEVIOT SERGE (RECD.) is a fabric of great durability and world-wide fame. It is 52 inches wide, ' • OM does not spot with rain, and may be washed whenever necessary. Colours—Navy, Brown, Myrtle, Reseda, Ruby, Grey, Drab, Tan, or Black. Every reader can secure a Full Dress Length of 7/ SIX YARDS for 7/6. Sent carriage paid for ed. extra. PATTERNS, also illustrated "Book of the Serge" and Fashion Sheet of other Costumes far Ladies and Children's wear sent POST FREE to any reader of this paper on application. JOHN NOBLE, LTD The Warehouse, 11, Piccadilly, MANCHESTER. 1

FATNEss . , _ FAT PEOPLE MADE THIN. Dr.CAMERON'S OBESITINE PILLS area ' sate and pleasant cure ; sent free from A k observation on receipt of P.O. for 2s. 6. A marvellous means of reducing exceasive ft and imTroving the complexion. "—E, . :- CAMERON. 33, Imperial Mansions, Oxford Street Loudon.

A GOOD FAMH.N lIIEDZCI NE egEST, W ITII a prudent use, hos slvel many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take Eome good Compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested liiy many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Observer. ' ocKLE3S FREE FROM MERCURY. . AIT/B/Lious OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. P ILLS. For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGESTION, &C.

0tt— ..,,i. . .I.!' e 3 .....--- -,- . -,--, , • tx.k T\P-ti' 411 in j ars 711 yti 2/9 4.4 ' ...,--(....) , ..._.) ; Is.* .•. ~, \........'—",\;.,..-: 04 ' . e, „,•.;/ • ›, Ltlik ' ,„, ,\ \y 4,!-u , , /,,, Nel • . • ( , . ' —,--..—,i,---__'?-1-_ ' "•-„,;, / 6Wen erttire, I 4A. i _—__-_ satislactiolt Le ,i 1 1 \ 'fr.. ---- fi • ~ L,,,,,„ .t " //) •--- - LLSea 1 „ • „,, ~, e• e' //,-; 4%,:-..,Pe.:e.,;;;;; /17.//?/(//•-•-•-•--- "--" ELLIMAN ON$ le Co. S i ouh .N., q,,.•.: f ' . ..., ~, 0 iqrart..,,,,, ~, „,,,--_-_,,-...!;... e.,___ ,„. '•:-/ ~. CV _..,--,...N•At.A\Ath7,„_. •.' _ /.--, , , ENGLAND - , . ~..-----'`'""-,?"'*-4F:-:, -- -4-,/// --1 Awe '- • •-•.—• .......-_, _ ._...,., • -.4-e o . ..--‘e . ......--" . ~ r.',

NVOMAN'S FRIEN:apiru,.R.HEUXLEY'S SPECIAL DON'T COUGH-JUST USE THE MOST POWERFUL AND EFFECTUAL "94, Commercial Road, Peckham, July 12, 1889. MEDICINE KNOWN. " Dear Sir,—l am a poor hand at expressing my feelings, The recipe of a famous French Physician, Quick, sure, but I should like to thank you. Your lozenges has done and certain. Never fails to Relieve and Cure, no matter how wonders in relieving my terrible cough. Since I had the caused, Post free to any address for 2s. 9d. or ss. 6d. per operation of" Tracheotomy "(the same as the late Emperor bottle. Full instructions with each. of Germany, and unlike him, thank God ,I am still alive), Send for the WIFE'S FRIEND, a book for every woman performed at St. Bartholomew's Hospital, no one could pos- who wishes to keep healthy.—D. GLASGOW HUXL iY, sibly have had a more violent cough ; it was so bad at times M.D. (U.S.), 176, Cemetery-road. Sheffield, and Masonic that it quite exhausted me. The mucus, which uas very Buidings (opposite Market), Rotherham. copious and hard, has been softened. and I have been able to get rid of it without aifficulty.—l am, air. yours truly, J. HILL." KEATING'S LOZENGES. The above speaks for itself. From strict inquiry it appears that the benefit from using Keating's Cough Lozenges is understated. The operation was a specially severe one, and was performed by the specialist Dr. H. T. Butlin, of St. Bartholomew's Hospital. Since the operation the only means of relief is the use of these Lozenges. So successful are they that one affords immediate benefit, although from the nature of the case the throat irritation is intense. WEIGHT IN GOLD. Under date Sept. 8, Mr. Hill writes: " I should long since have been dead but for your Lozen, es - they are worth their weight in gold. I will gladly see and tell everyone what a spie;:did cough remedy they are." Keaking's Lozenges are sold in tins is. 11d. each. The un- rivalleci'remedy for COUGHS, HOARSENESS,and THROAT TROUBLES.

WELLS'S (RAVEL PTLLS, A sure curefor Gravel, Lumbago, Pains in the back GRAVEL Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaints PILLS GRAVEL Diseases of the Kidneys. Bladder, PILLS GRAVEL Urinary Organs. Stone, Gleet. Strieture PILLS GRAVEL Sciatica, Rheumatism, &c. The Effect PILLS GRAVEL of One Box is Marvellous. Price 1/1i PILLS GRAVEL and 2/9 pr Box. Agents :—Wells. PILLS GRAVEL Chemists 69, Higher Eanam, Blackburn PILLS GRAVEL Thornber, Chemist, Amrington; Bprnes, PILLS Chemists, 29. Plungington-road, Preston ;or free by post from TUE PROPRIETORS, 41. Scotland-road, Liverpool

Kayes BEST worsdell s FAMILY MEDICINE • Ewa - So They Purify the Blood, and as a Mild out effectual Aperient are unequalled. and be- yond this they brace up the nerves and set every organ in healthy action, thus ensur- lag complete restoration to perfect heat. They are A CERTAIN CURE for INDIGESTION, CONSTIPATION, BILIOUSNESS. READACTIE, DYSPEPSIA, LI; ER AND KILVEIT COMPLAINTS. rou LAMES OF ALAGF.B Of all Chemists. l'lf, riql 4 oer hex.

LADIES, • THIS IS FOR YOU TO READ. THE most WONDERFUL REMEDY in the WORLD for all IRREGULARITIES and OBSTRUC- TIONS, however obstinate. SUCCESS CERTAIN FAILURE IMPOSSIBLE. This is a genuine and TRUST- WORTHY SPRCIALITY. The most MTh° UAL remedy in the WORLD. IMPORT ANT Particulars on receipt of stamped addressed envelope. W. E. DUPREZ, 2A. St. PAUL'S ROAD, ISLINGTON, LONDON. EXCELS ALL OTHERS; NOTHING- CAN RESIST IT; A GOLDEN REMEDY FOR LADIES.

These tiny soluble CAPSULES are su- perior to Balsam of • Copaiba, Oubebs or ç\H T 4 i astringent liquids (f.:*?. • s• 4: and CURE IN 48 • . HOURS the same , D diseases without .0 • - - • - convenience. Al Capsules marked 4/8 of all Chemists, or post free from WILCOX 8; C0.,239 Oxford St.,London,W.

TO LADIES THE GREAT INDIAN FEMALE MEDICINE, was dis- covered by a married Lady during her trarels in the Far East, who has never known it to fail in removing the worst Rases of Irregularity or Obstruction in two hours, even after all other remedies fail, nothing can possibly resist the action of this extraordinary preparation, wh•ch is almost instantane- ous in its effect. Ladies will avoid much expense, illness. Worry,and cruel bitter disappointment by having this remedy at once. Sent secure from observation for 4s. 6d.—Mrs. Belt RINGTO.N, 4, Featherstont-buildings. London. W.C.

CREAT ri Wit" ri 1 A PRESCRIPTION TWENTY YEA.I'I.S. RESEARCH has bronghtto lighta guaranteed 1-terneny for NERVOUS DEBLLITY, the Ernrs ei Youth, Lost 'Manhood, Weakness, Dimness of Sio;ltc,Bladder, Gravel, liicluey, and Liver complaints. T i This Proscription is n the hands of a Minister who • will befriaud anyone suffering from these enervating diseases. It has CURB THOUSANDS. Merely send self-addressed stainpad envelope to the Rs. David Jones. Ray Villa, Lowe, when the prescrip- tion will be sent FREE OF CHARGE. Name this Paper.

DR. MACKAY'S MARVELLOUS FEMALE! REMEDY VOR Mb OBSTRUCTIONS Eud IRREGULARI- i: TIES stands unrivAlled. The most stubborn and hope- less cases yield to this extra dinary Medicine in six hours. Immense sale throughout lb world. Thousands of sufferers cured, Testimonials (Genuine), with full Instructions and Advice, accompany each bottle. Sent post free, under cover, for be. 6d. Dn. MACKAY, 104, HIGH HO N, London. Beware of Dishonest Imitators.

•w HEW. HARRISON ‘1 • K SWIFT GOLD SUMAS HITT Ri NlTSStockings ribbed or plain GLOVES and CLOTHING in 2 . Wirat,, SILK. or COTTON. INSTRUC. TIONS FREE. Lists 2d. per post. TRIUMPHANT AWARD at PARIS. The only WINNER in the WORLD of 4 GOLD MEDALS And 22 other Honours. HARRISON KNITTING MACHINE CO. Works: 43, Upper Brook St., Manchester.

SAVE A DOCTOR'S FEE. ADVICE TO LADIES (FREE). ALADY SPECIALIST (qualified) many years attached to a Fem Ale Hospital, is enabled to POSI- TIVELY GUARANTEE the DESIRED RESITLT in a few hours, no matter how long standing the IRREGULARITY may. be, and even when everything else has failed. Write at once, enclosing stamped addressed envelope, to SPECIALIST 295, STRAND, W.C.

WOODS' PATENT GALVANISED STEEL WIRE MATTRESSES, With Frenzh arsd Persian I.;coszeads complete. ~ Pfc. ICFs—FrenCh. YX:r.:77.11.0 To be seen carrying 1 i 11 0N It TON. ; We Challenge 1..---:- . I . 1 ''', I . other Wire Mattress . .4.,7_,:..; to stlatnd th ss tis Test 11 'Y- .I''' -1: ' d .f 31 ttresi 7 ever re- -llf -.-i-t ..---. mrteit°shaoddacarr . f.'.4".' • ' .t.ii:k-•'.. '' • - one ton r Certainly 1 - -' 1 • -17-AZiab,m not. Hitherto the I llomplaint against the use of •Wire Mattresses has been that 4 - they dtretched after a time, hich WM) true. We give this evere test to pros, e that ours will not stretch. If they do within 5 years we w'll replace with new ones. To b - had from THOMAS SUP TON, Sale Rooms. Legh Street. THE Lf %NT GFORD WIRE Co . Limited WARRINGTON.

LES.—FEMALE IRREGULARITIES and OBSTRUCTIONS.—Th 3 DIFFICULTY SOLVED, AT LAST.—A lady having Tried in Valli Every Advertised Remedy, has at last discovered a SIMPLE MEANS of SELF- CURE, particulars of which she will forward FREE OF CHARGE to Her Poor Suffering Sex on receipt of stamped addressed envelope. Send at once, and waste no more time and money upon Worthless Pills, Mixtures, and other So- called Remedies of this class, which cause pain, sickness, and injury to the system without having the necessary eft ct.— Write, with full hope and confidence, to Mrs. ST. CLAIR, 46, Southampton Buildings, Chancery-lane, London, W.C.

THE SUB-CAPTAIN of the Warrington Cycling Club.—Mr. TED PICKIVANCE, writes May 23, 1894. Dear Sir,—l have given your DRINKSTONE EMBROCA- TION an exhaustive trial and can safely recommend it as a good reliable article. A little of it rubtasd into the muscles after a tong ride gives a wonderfully soothing effect ; while for a Sprain I know of nothing better. I ant confident that when its merits are known amongst Cyclists, and Athletes genePatly it will command a great Sale. Yours truly, E. PI CKAVANC jun. lobs ohttined only from the Proprietor, HENRY M. ASHTON, 63, Sankey-st., (opposite Legh-st.), Warrington.

FURS. FURS. FURS. HUDSON'S BA.Y HOUSE FURRIERS, 123, OXFORD-STREET, ALL SAINTS', BIANCHBSTER. Mr. SPIRO, having been most fortunate in purchasing a Large Consignment of skins considerably below the market value, can undertake the RENOVATING and REMODEL- LING of LADIES' SEALSKIN JACKETS into the most perfect styles, at very moderate prices. Our STOCK is now complete with the newest and mostfFashion- able FURS for the coming winter. Sealskin Jackets and Capes, Fur and Silk-lined Cloaks, Bears, Sables, Saunks, &c.. &c. NOTE THE ADDRESS : 123, OXFORD STREET ALL SAINTS', MANCHESTER.

TEETH. TE ETH. TEETH. PARKINSON'S TEETH are, at the price. UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD. The TEETH. public may rest assured that these state- ments are based on ABSOLUTE TRUTH, and perhaps the best guarantee of this to TEETH. intending patients is that J. H. PARKIN- SON has one of Largest Dental Practices TEETH. in England, the outcome of employing the BST LABOUR, using the BEST TEETH. MATERIALS obtainable, and charging the LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. Any set made, or work done by him. and TEETH. not giving ABSOLUTE SATISFACTION in c° ery detail will be immediatcly cc rected. TEETH. or an ENTIRE NEW SET made FREE OF CHARGE. TEETH. These conditions insure the publc's satis- faction and recommendation, exemplified by TEETH. 21 sets his _rig been inserted for pctients dtring one year only directly and indirectly TEETHthrough the volut .r-y persuasion and recom- mendation of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. Any or all of these patients' names and addresses, TEET.U. for reference. w'll be given to any would-be patient personally applying for them. These, TEETH. with thousands in the past, each recom- • mend4ng their friends, speak volumes for Mr. TEETH. Parkinsor s success. His unusually large dental establishment TEETH adapted for the COMFORT of Patients MUST . NOT DETER ANY. ALL are WELCOME to . FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily, from 9 to 12 TEETH. and 2to 6. ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS EXTRACTION, TEETH. !cc.. as hitherto, by the aid of his own made LIQUID NITROUS OXIDE, of which he T9ETH. new liquifies for sale to dentists nearly 10,000 gallons weekly. Patients have, there- fore, in this speciality also the benefit of his TEETH. experience. TEETH. J. 11. PARKINSON, TEETH. Dentist by Examination, MANCHESTER, 46, M05L71.17-STREET LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET. ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET. EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. Mees, 2 to 5 p.m. WARRINGTON ON WEDNESDAYS, 3, S nkey-etreet. (Side enhance, first floor) 2 to 5 p.m. RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs. If ughes',Confectioner, Bridge-street, from 2 to 5. NORTHWICH, on FRIDAYS. at 18, Applemarket-street, 11 to 12 FLAIL. and Ito 5 p.m. al

MA Ritl AGE. GLOVER-- ';'llTON.—October 20th, <tt the Parish Church Warrington, by the Rev. G. B. Thurston, Arthur Glover to Mary Ashton. DEATHS. BEIM'. —October 16th at Turner-st., Warrington, Mary Leigh a.,4ed 69 years. TAYLOR.—October 20th at Lyon-st, Warrington,Sarah Emily Taylor, aged 41. ROBINSON.—October 20th. at Knutsford-rd., Warrington, Rachel Robinson. aged 5 years. CLARK. —October 22nd, at John-st., Warrington, Thomas Clark, aged 45 Tears. ALDRED.—Oetober 22nd, at Winwiek-rd , Warrington, Frank Aldre.l, aged 2 years, MATTI ER.—Oct.ber 23rd, at Knutsford-rd., Warrington,James Mather. aged q years. LAToN.—October 24th, at Town Hill, Warrington, Jane Eaton. aged 63 years.

MEMORIAL JARDS Just received a large Stock of LATEST PATTERNS in MEMORIAL CARDS. Call and inspect samples. CARDS printed at shortest notice. Also Posters, Window Bills Handbills, Bill Heads, Fcc. Newest type ani latea Machinery, JOHN S. GREEN, THE BOROUGH PRESS, 34, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.
