===== 0002601_18940922_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
( •

RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO.

INSURES AGAINST RAILWAY ACCIDENTS, ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY. CAPITAL £1,000,000. ESTABLISH-ED 1849. COMPENSATION PAID £3,350,000, 64, Cornhill, London. W. D. MASSY, }Secretaries A. VIAN, AGENTS

Warrington Mr. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate.

Mr. W. H. RIGBEY, Central Station. St. Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH. Hardshaw-street. Knutsford Mr. ALFRED IL CUTTER. Sandbaeh Mr. R. FINLOW, Rookery Bridge.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
> -

===== 0002601_18940922_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
. CYCLES! CYCLES ! ! CYCLES! ! ! INTENDING BUYERS -

Will do well to INSPECT our NEW STOCK OF FIRST-CLASS MACHINES.

PNEUMATICS FROM 28 TO £2O HUMBBRS, ROTHWRLLS,

CHAMPIONS, MONA.S, PRIMAS AND ROBIN HOODS NOTE THE ADDRESS :-

LANCASHIRE CYCLE COMPANY.

2, GREAT GEORGE-ST. LIVERPOOL, 0. KEXIPSEY, Manager.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
Obtiaptng 1). ttres.

ESTABLISHED 1861.

JAMES WEBSTER. MIDDELBURG, HOLLAND. (Late of Calais and Bculogne-Sur-Mer. France.)

Bankers :—England—London nd Westminster Bank, Lon- don. Scotland—Bank of Scotland, Glasgow. Ireland—Bank of Ireland, Dublin. The Great Yorkshire Handicap, St. Leger, Duke of York Stakes, Cesarewitch and Cambridge- shire.—Double and Treble Events. Starting Prices on all Races. No S. P. Limit on the Principal Races. Accumu- lative Commissions. "The Turf Chronicle." Free- on receipt of address.

.Li.. or, ENGLISHMAN'S HOUSE IS HIS CASTLE or, properly speaking. ought to be. This can never be the case, if unfortunately a would-be householder has to resort to the Easy Payment System. a new name for the ini- quitous Hire System. To furnish a house on the Hire System, alias the Easy Payment System, is to establish and support what is the most cruel, arbitrary extortion ever invented. The prices charged for the goods are enormous, without any regard for quality, the agreements are one-sided, being drawn with a cuteness which would do credit to a money lender, full of despotic and arbitrary restrictions, suchas not to remove the mark on the furniture, not to remove the furniture, not to wear the furniture. At all times to allow the mercenaries to inspect the furniture. To pay the instal- ments regularly, and it one is missed to forfeit the furniture and all the moneys you may have paid, that is to say, although you might have paid £l9 on £2) worth of furniture, but missed the last payment by a single day, the vultures could emp'y your house and stick to the £l9 paid, as well as the furniture. Other conditions such as permission to break open forcibly night or day, the outer and inner doors of your house, in order to take away the goods, and above all, that no matter how badly and wickedly they may treat you that you undertake not to resort to legal proceedings. Be warned in time, have nothing to do with easy paymentor hire system. If you require assistance go to Mr. W. H. Worsley, " The Pantheon," Gaythorne, Manchester, the largest House Fur- nisher in the North, who will treat you with consideration, sell you goods at the lowest cash price, and, if required, allow you time to pay for them, charging you 10 per cent over invoice price for the convenience.

For instance Mr. Worsley has several HOUSES OF FUR- NITURE on view at £l5 155., £2O, £25, £3O. £5O, £lOO, all at the lowest cash price, and not a penny less. Any of the above supplied subject to credit, upon 10 per cent being added to the amount. Particulars post free. GREAT BARGAINS AT WO RSLEY'S.—DRAWING- ROOM SUITE complete, solid walnut, cost £4O, price for quick sale £9 cash, £9 18s, credit. with Cabinet, 2 Tables, Overmantle, Carpet, Fender, and Brasses, &c.

Heavy Dining-room Suite, complete, in Mahogany, uphol- stered in Ottoman Cloth, cost £4O new, the whole lot for £ll 10s., with Side Board, Dining Table, Overmantle, and Coal Vase to match; also a Persian Carpet and Hearthrug.

Magnificent Bedroom Suite: Large size Wardrobe, plate- glass, Centre door, wings for hanging, Dressing Table, Wash- stand. Three chairs and Rail, polished satinwood, ten guineas complete with heavy brass Persian Bedstead, Curtains, Mat- tress, &c., all to match. Ten per cent added for credit. Note the following bargain :—Complete House of Furniture mainly second-hand, for £2O cash ; £22 if by deferred pay- ments. Consists of a heavy sitting-room suite in leather, couch, two easy chairs and four single chiirs. dining table, mahogany sideboard, Persian carpet and hearthrug, brass fender, brass fire appliances, cornice anel curtains, and pictures. The kitchen has a substantial dresser, chairs, arm chair, rocking chair, table, fender and tireirons, hearthrug, oilcloth, &c. The bedroom is furnished with bedroom suite, chairs and rail, chamber service, brass mounted bedstead, patent wire spring mattress, Shetland wool overlay, bolster and two pillows, carpet, and fender. The stairs and the landing are fitted with carpets, br4ss rods, &c. The hall or lobby is fitted with oilcloth, brass clip, three mats and a cocoa mat. The above forms the most compact, convenient lot ever offered. Other lots, £25, £3O, £35, £4O, and £5O, &pally cheap ; particulars sent on application. Every article guaranteed for five years, alchanged if not approved.

WOASLEY'S "THE PANTHEON," GAYTHORN,

MANCHESTER. Hours of business 9 a.m. to 7 p.m.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0005.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MEM

_ • 41.*:)1

===== 0002601_18940922_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
GUION LINE to NEW YORK, every SATURDAY.

INTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, BOS- TON.I PHILADELPHIA. SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA, CHINA, JAPAN, AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND should take tickets at the LOWEST RATES at THE

"EXAMINER'', OFFICE, WARRINGTON. By any of the above-mentioned or any other lines. JOHN WALKER AND CO., AGENTS.

mffaMii

===== 0002601_18940922_art0007.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
110te15.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0008.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18940922_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
RESPECTFULLY ANNOUNCE THAT ON

TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 25T11 AND 26TH, AND

FOLLOWING DAYS,

THEY WILL MAKE THEIR

FIRST SHOW

FOR THE

AUTUMN OF 1894.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
ALL THE LATEST NOVELTIES IN

TRIMMED MILLINERY,

DRESS MATERIALS

MANTLES, COSTUMES,

===== 0002601_18940922_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
WILL BE ON VIEW IN THEIR

SHOW-ROOMS.

J. & W. DUTTON, 16 AND 187 SIC _ ANEY STREET,

WARRINGTON.

R. CLAMP & SON,

===== 0002601_18940922_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
MANUFACTURERS OF

TRAVELLING REQUISITES.

GLADSTONE BAG (Cow Hide) From 16s. LADIES DRESS BASKETS From 245. WATERPROOF HOLD-ALL From 9s. 6d.

391 AND 411 DALE STREET, AND

8, PARKER STREET,

LIVERPOOL.

HALL'S MY HATTER. STRAW HATS! STRAW HATS!

L9WEST PRICES FOR THE SUMMER. HATS AND CAPS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION

Can be obtained at

HALL'S NOTED HAT SHOP,

1, MARKET GATE. WARRINGTON.

'TIS TRUE. 25 PER CENT. BELOW USUAL PRICE.

AT I ES

IMPORTANT PURCHASE

WATERPROOF COATS. SELECT PATTERNS, 215., 255., 30s. BE WISE IN TIME. TO PREVENT CHILLS BUY AT ONCE.

WOOL SHIRTS, 3s. 6d., 46. 11d., 6s 6d., Ss. 63.

SINGLETS. AND DRAWERS, 2s. 6d., 3s. 63., ss. 6d. CARDIGAN JACKETS Al VALUE,

2s. 63., 4s. 6d., Cs. 6d., 10e. 6d.

SPECIAL SHOW THIS WEEK, ALL NEW GOODS.

UNS WORTH 13ROS:

24, 26, 47, 49,

HIGH STREET,

RUNCORN.

BRAND'S BEEP BOUILLON. BRAND'S BEEF BOUILLON. BRAND'S BEEF BOUILLON.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
A MOST NUTRITIOUS AND INVICIORATING

BEVERAGE.

Made by the Simple Addition of Boiling Water.

At a Cost within the reach of all.

11. LITTLE STANHOPE-ST.. MAYFAIII.W

lEustral 3nstruments.

J. W. TEMPERLEY, MUSIC SELLER, 31, LOWLAND'S ROAD, RUNCORN. PIANOS, ORGANS, VIOLINS, &c.

Tuning and Repairs. AU kinds of Fittings in Stock. Arrangements made for First-Class Orchestral Band and Pianists. PIANOS on HINE and on HIRE-PURCHASE.

!!

#4.4m44#?,,

~,aw.ii"-'--'---

. t. , t, • t.: _ `-•

===== 0002601_18940922_art0014.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
;

.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

IT is a mistake to suppose the sun issupported in the sky by its beams. "THAT'S a move to me," as the absconding tenant remarked on his moonlight flitting. "THE modern servant doesn't know her place." "She can't. She changes it too often." That was an inquiring mind that asked the schoolmaster where all tile figures went to when they were rubbed out. PRETTY NEARLY RlGlT'lS—Terv,her : "What is a milliona:re ?" Tommy: "One man in a

WAS the charity ball a success?" " Oh, my, yes. Our deficit was only £l5, and the Charity Society will have to pay it. MANY young men would pay very li tie regard to the church bells but for the thought of the church belles. Docron (to tramp) : "Take this medicine three times a day after meals." Tramp: "That ain't co use, sir, I never have any meals." A : " Hello, old chap. Com/ratelations ! I hear you have married a lady wili an independent fortune?" B: " No; I have married a fortune with an independent lady." • LITTLE DAISY'S mamma was trying to explain to her the meaning of a smile. "Oh, yes! I know," said the child ; "it is the whisper of a laugh." A PARISIAN musical dictionary defines a shout to be an "unpleasant noise produced by over- straining the throat, for which great singers are well paid and small children well punished. ' "A VACUUM would be the beat place for a fellow to fall into, wouldn't it, Bill ? For then, you know, he w:aildn't fall against anything." " Yes, he would, though," stoutly answered Bill. "He would fall against his inclination." TILE DRUNKARD'S PROGRESS. Magistrate: "Drunk again! When y u were last here you promised to sign the pledge." " Prisoner : " Well, goin' to as soon as I can write. I've bin takin' lessons, but made much progress yet l"

A TOUGH QUESTlON.—Gentli;man (to proprietor of restaurant) : "Your family has been established here a long time, hasn't it 1" Proprietor of restaurant: "Yes, sir. The business used to belong to my grandfather." Gentleman: "And did this fowl belong to him, too ?"

SHOWING HIM L'e —Showman: "This is the roost wonderful performing monkey tha ever lived, ladies and gentlemen. It can do almost anything." The Funny Man: "Can it talk ?" Showman "Oh, yes; and as you're of the same breed, you will understand it, and can interpret wha it says to the company !" THE VOICE OF THE SLUGGARD.—An industrious tradesman having taken a new apprentice, awoke him the first mornin4 at a very early hour by call- ing out that the family were sitting down to table. "Thank you," said the boy, turning over for another nap, "thank you; but I never eat any- thing during the night.' COMING DOWN TO THEIR LEVEL.—At a late election, a gentleman, while delivering a speech, grew so enthusiastic that he stepped back and fell off the platform. Amid the roars of the audience he said, in bowing his acknowledgments, "It should be the duty of all good speakers to come down to the level of their audience.''

A POOR, THERMOMETER. —Old Mrs. Bently (mak- ing a "How warm an' com'table your house is, Mrs. Hendricks! I notice your thermometer is allers at seventy." Mrs. Hendricks : " Yes." Old Mrs. Bently : "I wish you'd tell me where you buy your thermometers. Ourn ham% been above sixty all winter. It jest keeps us freezin' the hull time." AN AGE OF IMPROVEMENT. Cautious Customer: "Is this a hand-made cigar ?" Indignant Cabbage Factor: "Hand-made? Is it hand-made? Looky here, do you think we got time in dis shop to make eeegars wid our feet? We ain't no freaks. Do you take us for a museum ?" SAID an old lady to a coster, who was beating .his donkey most unmercifully: Pray, my good •man, have you no mercy ?" "Lot.' bless you, no :mum," was the reply; "I only sells greens !" A GOOD DEFENCE. —COLMSeI for defendant: "I would have you remember, gentlemen, that it was a pitch dark night when the supposed burg- lary was committed ; and it was consequently very oifficult for one to distinguish between m ne ' and ' thine. ' "

AN' UNREASONABLE CHILD. -" Oh, aunty !" ,cried little Amy in the nursery the other day, "make Freddy behave himself. Every time I happen to hit him on the head with the mallet he bursts out crying." IMPOSSIBLE.—DumbIe : "I read the other day an account of a realistic artist who painted a cob- web on the ceiling of a room so true to nature that the housemaid became quite nervous and ill through her futile ellorts to remove it." Humble: "Ah ! I doubt it. There may be such an artist, but never—never such a housemaid."

AN Irishman asked a Scotch wan one day why a railway engine was always called "she." Sandy replied—" Perhaps its on account of the horrible noise it makes when it tries to whistle."

" Eir, my dear, but that's a tender little song ,you vu sung to me. It took me back to t e days when I was a happy child, working on my father's farm ; and when I listened to your voice, dear, I seemed to hear the old fold-gate creaking as it .swung." A LITTLE three-year-old boy, already set apart for a la ,yer's calling, being taken in baud with a .switch, after having been forbidden to pick another -.pear from a favourite dwarf tree, indignantly ex- claimed—" Mamma, I did not pick oil the pear; you come and see if I ' Sure enough, he didn t. He simply stood there and ate it, and the core was still dangling from the stem. POWERFUL ORATORY.—A Hibernian orator was describing the horrors of a certain battle, and had at last succeeded in fixing the attention of his audience, when he suddenly excited a most raptu- rous burst of applause by thundering out, "And the sun sank to rest, 'midst the groans of the dying and the shrieks of the dead '

SEASIDE SERVICE. Customer (sarcastically) : "There are only two hairs in this mock turtle, waiter." Waiter: "Very sorry, sir; but" ----- Customer (more sarcastically) : "All you could afford to give, I suppo.e ?" Waiter (quite equal to the emergency): "Yes, sir in mock turtle !" DISGUSTED CUSTOMER. —" What is the matter with the clock you sold me last 1,,,t ek ? It won t run more than eight hours a day." Mr. Eisen. Lein—" My friendt, dot was a union labour clock, don't you see?" MEL NUWED (gloomily)—" My salary has been -cut down ten per cent.' Mrs. i"Zewed (cheerily)— "Oh ! don't worry about that, dear ! Silk, Rib- bons & Co. are advertising perfectly lovely things .at a reduction of twenty per cent.' DAsllAwAY.—" You Nay your sister will be down in a minute, Willie? That's good news. I didn't know but what she wanted to be excused, as she did the other day." Willie—" Not this time. I played a trick on her..'—aashaway—" What did you do?" Willie (triumphantly)—" I said you were another fellow."

ON TM:ST.—First Speculator (philosophically): 4' Well, my boy, we've got to take lots of things ,on trust in this worid." Second Speculator (gloomily) "I'd be mighty glad to get them." AWFUL TO CONTEMPLAIL. —Mother (to daughter): "Your father has ascertained the name of the young gentleman who so heroically rescued you from a terrible death, Clara. He is a Mr. Potts." Daughter (witn a shiver) : "Oh, mamma, think of Vere do Vere being saved by a Potts ! ' A HINT. A gentleman travelling in Derbyshire, .called at an ihn for a pint of ale, which being very poor, he asked the woman where she procured her malt. She replied, "At ‘Vorksop." "1 presume," 'returned the gentleman, "that you get your water -much nearer THE NEW Dr.Ess.—Mrs. Brown: "What a :splendid dress you have, Mrs. Smith, and what a wonderful fit! Won t your husband be surprised when he sees you ?" Mrs. S. : "Yes ;he 11 have .one, too." Mrs. B. : "A dress ?" Mrs. S. : "No, ,a fit." ONCE there was a hired fellow who was con- stantly astonishing his employer, a farmer. One :day the farmer went into the barn and found iris man had hanged hitnrelf. Looking at the dangling body for a few minutes, he exclaimed, " What on earth will that fellow do next ?" " WHAT do you make a week?" said a magistrate to an Ital-an organ-grinder, who charged a man with breaking his instrumont. " Voiur pound, sare." "Eli, what? Four pounds for grinding an organ?' "No, sa.re ; not for grind—for shut up and go away.' •

IMPURITIFS 111 TILE . BLOOD.--'• We have seen liostiof letters from pennle who have received great benefit horn the use of Ciarlre's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses- and c'ears the blood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doctor, which goes on. further to say: "It is the finest Blood Purifier that scierce and skill have brought to light, and we can with the utrndst confidence recommend it to our subscribers and the public generally." For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Legs. Skin and Bloal Diseases. Pimples and ' Sores of all kinds, its effects are marvellous. Thousands of , TestialuLials. Lold everyvhcre, 2s. 9d. per bottle. B.2ware ef worthless ircitat!ons and substitutes.- -Add . (4)

===== 0002601_18940922_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
" CAPITAL " CHAT.

When Mr. James Payn confessed the other day, in his "Gleams of Memory," that he earned .£2,000 a year by his literary work, it is to be regretted that he did not distinguish between his earnings by literature proper and journalism. As he is saiol to make out of one weekl journal alone, £6OO a year,a large amount of his income is not drawn direct, by virtue of his writings, from the British public ; and even if his contributions to English newspapers consisted of nothing but fiction, and therefore of pure literature in the older fashioned and narrower difinition of the term, and pecuniary results are a little misleading for those young enthusiasts who are fired by literary ambition, and who elect to win renown in their disappointment or perish an a doorstep, to cultivating. an honest calling which will leave the planet a little more habitable than it was. But, unfortunately, the would-be poet or philosopher who prefers starving to making two blades of grass grow where only one grew before, or to making a useful path for the world's commerce, is a hero, and the navvy who constructs a road for the development and civilisation of the race is des- pised and lorgotton ; and yet it is not the labour of the Keatses and the David Grays, but the labour of all the forgotten ones, which has caused the world to be the human habitation that it is.

The speculations which were so commonly in- dulged im when M. Zola's "Lourdes" was published, as to its probable reception by the Roman Catholic world, are being solved bit by bit. The Pope has relused to be interviewed by the distinguished novelist, knowing that an interview with such a person is nothing more nor less than sitting for his portrait in the future novel about Rome that M. Zola has already on the literary anvil. And now comes the announcement that the Catholics of Canada have been forbidden to read the novel. And only the other day the author and publishers were cited before the correctional tribunal by a contractor who felt himself libelled by some of the statements in the novel, and the world is awaiting the denoue- ment. As yet, however, the book has not been honoured by being put upon the " Index," and if the college does not want to stimulate its perusal the best course it can adopt is not to follow the example of the Roman Catholic authorities in Canada, but to leave the work severely alone. The kindly old father and priest who coached M. Zola in a good many of his facts about Lourdes is await- ing with some perturbation of mind the revelations which the contractor's libel suit may bring to light.

One of the most remarkable debates of the day has just taken place at Munich between a champion of orthodox Democracy, a champion of the Social Democracy, and a champion of Anarchism. The three were redoubtable men, orthodox Radicalism being defended by one of the Bavarian professors, Socialism by the famous Herr Bebel,and Anarchism by an Anarchist stonemason, who was well able to enter the lists on behalf of his opinions. The debate caused extraordinary excitement in the Bavarian capital, the audience consisting of not less than 4.000 people, and the proceeJings being reported verbatim in the Munich newspapers. All the speeches are very remarkable, there being very little fustian in any oi them, and very much close economical argument. A great boon would be con- ferred on the British public if the controversy could be presented to them in English. It shows the growth of Herr Bebel's sentiments in Germany, that, though the meeting was not a packed one, it passed a unanimous resolution in favour of his views, notwithstanding all the powerful reasoning which the exponent of orthodox Radicalism pre- sented against them. It would be interesting to have the Kaiser's thoughts on the result.

The replies which the Italian centenarians have made to a series of inquiries by a distinguished physiologist of Turin, who was anxious to arrive at the secret of their long life, will not satisfy the scientific investigator. Be addressed his questions to 382 persons who are credited with having reached the age of a hundred years, with the view of ascertaining their mode of life, the nature of their food, and their physical constitution and ap- pearance. Not more than 52 have replied. First of all, one is puzzled at finding so many centenar- ians in Italy. Most of them also are women. But seeing that on one day of the week just ended a London morning newspaper in its obituary column recorded the deaths of 18 persons of the average age of 81 years each, let it be assumed that the ages of the Italian cenr,enarians are what they say. The point in which the replies chiefly agree is that the staple food was vegetarian. But before the vege- tarians can make use of this as a conclusive argu- ment in favour of their theory, they would require to show that the masses of the community who died on this side of three score and ten were exces- sive consumers of butcher's meat. This, of course, they were not, since vegetable products are the natural food of the masses. Nor can temperance men deduce anything from another feature of the replies, which went to show that the persons ques- tioned drank only the simplest wine of the country. It may be taken for granted that they could afford no other, and the short-lived population were also condemned to similar abstemiousness.

A number of naval officials leave on Friday by the Indian mail on their way to Hong Kong. Pre- parations are being made, I am told, to have every- thing in a forward state at the dockyard there, so as to be quite prepared for any turn, Corean affairs may take. At the service clubs, the opinion is freely expressed that it will be a case of "all hands in," to use a naval phrase, before the war is over. The wish, perhaps, is father to the thought.

A large quantity of war material, including nearly a score of Gaffing guns, was shipped here a few days ago for Tamatave, in Madagascar, to the order of the Hova Government, who evidently are not quite satisfied with the attitude assumed by the French Resident General. Nearly ten years ago, after a considerable amount of fighting, the French invasion of the island was successful as far as ex- tracting a fine of £400,000 and obtaining the regula- tion of its foreign affairs were concerned. That is all. The Tamatave treaty of 1885 leaves the Hova Government quite independent in all home affairs. Whether they will brook any interference now re- mains to be seen. On the last occasion of a war with France they mustered 50,000 fighting men.

The Conservative organisers have, I hear, resolved to fall in as far as possible with Mr. Chamberlain's suggestion that they should endeavour to conciliate the Nonconformists. At this moment there are several constituencies without candidates in the so-called Unionist interest, and Mr. Chamberlain's idea is that a preference should as far as possible be given to Nonconformists. Sir G. Chubb has been persistently begged to enter the lists. There is no desire, however,te restrict the choice to Wesleyans, and a Baptist or Congregationalist wishing to enter Parliament under Tory auspices would receive encouragement from headquarters. So far, I believe, there is no evidence of any overwhelming desire to grasp at the proffered honour.

The whipping up of a sixpenny subscription to keep Mr. John Burns in public:life has resulted in the collection of .£197 49, It was neither a delicate nor a judicious course on the part of Mr. Burns's friends to adopt, and I never could understand why Mr. Burns permitted it to go on. If his constituents or his trades union did not sufficiently appreciate his exertions on behalf of labour and Radicalism to maintain him in Parliament, Mr. Burns could have retired with dignity,and with the respect of all who had watched his course in the House of Commons, to the more modest role he played before he was sent to the Imperial Palace of Talk at Westminster. There are only two methods of .work before the Labour leaders at present, and Mr. Burns may be said to follow the one and Mr. Keir Hardie the other. The one is to squeeze out of the Liberal party all that can possi- bly be got from it. This is Mr. Burns's course. The other is to form public opinion outside Parliament Rana view to strengthening the Labour party at the next election, and this is Mr. Keir Hardie's. While, Mr. Burns, therefore, has been a constant attender in Parliament, Mr. Hardie has been seldom in the house; but, either in the one case or the other, the labour world should see that the men who are fighting its battles should be in a position t.) do 80 with effect.

Sir Walter Raleigh wa; the first white7man to use maliocrany lumber. In the year 1595, while at Trinidad, he repaired one of his ships with a mahogany plank. That incident caused its introduction into England and into the commerce of the world.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
MOXO.N'S NURSERY BOON (Unequalled for DESTROYING NITS„ and PARASITES

in thcx HUMAN HAIR.) OF CHEMISTS and the PROPRIETOR, J. L. MOXO N, . 252, PARIC-ROAD. LIVERPOOL. Cd, and Is. per box. Post Free 7 and is. re4se tnentiou thu piper.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1894.

The paper stockings now being manufactured in Ger- many are said to be a great preventive of colds. French papers announce that Miss Anna Gould, the late Jay Gould's daughter, is engaged to Prince Francis of Battenberg, the youngest brother of Prince Henry. He is a lieutenant of Hessian Infantry. Miss Goald's yearly income is estimated at nearly a quarter of a million.

Madame Patti has had so many tempting offers from abroad this winter that she has had great difficulty in deciding which to accept. At last she has signed con- tracts to sing a certain number of nights in opera at Nice shortly after Christmas, and later on to appear at concerts in Germany and Austria. Japanese papers say that the oldest married couple in that country live in Sawada, in the province of Sado. The man is one hundred and thirty-three years old and his wife one hundred and thirty-five. Of the faimily numbering fourteen persons, the eldest daughter is one, hundred and eight years old and the son one hundred and five.

From St. Petersburg comes the story of a charming young widow who raised a magnificent tomb over het late husband, and placed the following inscription 0(1 it :—" My grief is so great that I cannot bear it." Time however, assuaged her grief, and a year or two after- wards she married a handsome officer of the Imperial Guard. The inscription to her former husband at first troubled her a little, but she got over the difficulty by adding the word "alone." Miss Dora Russell, the well-known novelist, was born in Northumberland, and was reared in comfortable and happy circumstances, the" Queen "tells us. As a chil. she used to run up and down the garden repeating th( most romantic histories and pieces of poetry, wove( from her childish imagination. Trouble fell upon her family. One day she saw an advertisement in the" Ne- wcastle Chronicle" offering prizes for fiction and poetry She sent in MSS., and received two prizes. " The Miner's Oath "appeared in that paper. This introduce( her to Messrs. Routledge and Sons, who assisted hei greatly.

Distinguished women and their dolls have provided the material for an interesting article from the pen oi Miss Frances Low, the lady who wrote the famous des- cription of the Queen's dolls, which, by the way, has just been republished in book form, with coloured illus- trations. Miss Lowe has had the happy idea of ques- tioning famous women as to the place which dolls occu pied in their affections when they were children. The Empress Frederick seems to have inherited her Roya mother's tondness for dolls. Miss Braddon, the novelist confesses that she worked for her dolls until she was in her teens, and Mrs. Fawcett pleads guilty to a doll wor- ship of which one would hardly have dared suspret lady so absorbed in serious interests. This passion for dolls was, I believe, characteristic of Mrs. Fawcett': daughter, the Senior Wrangler, in her early youth.

Ladies and Cycling. The daughters of the Prince of Wales are skilful riders not on tricycles merely but on bicycles, but they have not yet ventured out into the open afforded by th, country roads round Sandringham or Balmoral. Yet if anyone could peep at times within the royal or princel3 domain, he would see the princesses acquitting them- selves with very great skill and credit, and with great enjoyment, on some of the private paths. Mrs. Asquith is also an accomplished rider, and, as might have been expected of so very dashing a horsewoman and so origi- nal a lady, she is a very daring one. She is beaten, however, by some other aristocratic lady riders, trrnong them being Lady de Grey,perhaps the most accomplisheo bicyclist in fashionable circles. When ladies of rank and social standing who are not remarkable for oddity or love of notoriety have taken with enthusiasm to bicycle riding as a pleasant and healthful recreation, we may expect soon to see a ladies' track and ladies' races as part of our ordinary experience; perhaps even to hear of lady champions breaking the record of some future Shorlansl ; and to meet not only with deans and deans' wives on the graceful wheel, but bishops themselves and their better halves riding tandems on their missions of religion and charity throughout their dioceses.

THE DOUBLE LIFE;

OR, THE HAMPTON MYSTERY..

By the Author of " DARKWOOD."

CHAPTER %XXIII. DEFIANCE. I had rather chop this hand off at a blow, And with the other fling it at thy face Than bear so low a sail, to strike to thee!

SHAKESPEARE.

As we have said, Lord Adlows burst into the drawing-room of The Evergreens with the resistless 'rush of a tornado.

Closing the door behind him, and locking it in the face of the frightened Meggy Fleck, he leaned against it, glaring around him like a tiger. The Lady Beatrice and the self-styled Spanish count arose from the sofa at his entrance—the former white with horror, the cry of terror still quivering on her lips, her manner gathering a desperate defiance, like some hunted creature turning at bay. The countenance of the latter was instinct with a haughty surprise and questioning sternness.

The two boys had retired. The cousins—rivals all their lives—bitter enemies sow—looked each other full in the face. Adlowe searched in vain those dark and un- familiar features for some sign of recognition or fear.

The wronged Geoffrey Trevelyan had anticipated too long such an hour as this not to be prepared for it. Despite the lapse of years since their last heeting, he recognised at once his cousin—recog- nised him with a chill foreboding, and a deadly sinking at the heart. Yet astonishment and anger at the singular intrusion were the only emotions expressed by his mobile and well-trained features. "What means this strange intrusion 1" he de- Manded, in a strong foreign accent, with haughti- ness of look and tone. Lord Adlowe looked from one to the other of the couple in sudden bewilderment and confusion. The looks, the manner, the speech, the appear- ance of Senor Arevalo were so unlike those of his wronged cousin, that Adlowe's faith in his identity received a sudden shock.

The Lady Beatrice, whose eyes were fixed upon him with an eager look of utter desperation, saw his lordship's face change, and marked the uneasy expression that came into his pale eyes. In an in- stant she began to recover her courage. Her man- ner grew decidedly defiant, and thoroughly self- possessed: You are a good actor, Geoffrey Trevelyan !" declared Adlowe, with a hard and bitter sneer. I never saw a better on the stage. But you cannot deceive me!"

The pretended count looked puzzled, but still surprised. Geoffrey Trevelyan ! " he repeated, with his strong assumed accent. "Be kind enough to speak plainly, Senor. Or, better, leave us. You are mad—intoxicated—"

Adlowe turned from the count with a gesture of disgust, fixing his venomous eyes on the Lady Beatrice.

"You, at least, make no attempt to mystify me!" he said, a demon's joy lighting up his face. "I have discovered your secret, Beatrice Hampton. I have probed to the bottom the strange mystery of your life. I know now the reason of your celi- bacy, so called—the cause of your mysterious se- elusions and absences. You a wife in secret! You a mother! What will your proud father and the gay world say to my discovery ?" A sudden emotion convulsed the perfect features of the Lady Beatrice. She put out her hand blindly and caught at the back of a chair, leaning heavily upon it. An instant later, however, she recovered herself, arched her haughty neck, and said coldly: "Do your worst, Lord Adlowe. I scorn and defy you 1" "And your father? And the world?" "I have long been prepared for such an hour as this," responded the Lady Beatrice, with haughty calmness. "In an hour I can be on my way to France."

"And leave your father, the poor old earl, to bear his trouble and tho sneers and jeers of people alone," said Lord Adlowe, tauntingly. "And your Spanish Sener—will he go, too?" "He will go where I go," said the Lady Bea- trice, firmly. "Lord Adlowe, Senor Arevalo is my husband. The boys whom you saw through the window are mine. I have been married many years. You have surprised my secret in a manner appropriate to your character, base spy that you are. Now, as I said before, do your worst." "My worst ! " repeated Adlowe, significantly. "Your very worst! Proclaim to the world that I have been for many years a wife and mother, while passing for an unmarried woman! Break down my father's pride—humble him to the very dust—break his heart if you will," and her voice trembled suddenly, "but know that you will fail in all your dearest schemes! You will never bumble or break the heart of Beatrice Hampton 1 'You cannot rob her of her husband's love or of her boys! And if you can find one stain on the name of Antonio Arevalo, proclaim that also. . As to me," she added, "I do not find my happiness in society. I should be supremely contented to live with my dear ones in some foreign land, and never see England again, since it is not in the country, but in my home I find my happiness!" "Indeed !" said Adlowe, with an intonation of wonder, for he could not disassociate in his thoughts the Lady Beatrice from the society where she had so long reigned a star and queen. You will corns out in a new character, then. You a model wife and mother. You a homeheeper," and he sneered. "As well look for an eagle in a dove's nest 1 But about the 'Senor 2' If we can find no stain on the name of 'Antonio Arevalo,' we shall find a pretty large one on that of Geoffrey Tre- velyan. ' "That name again !" said the pretended count, Impatiently. "What have Ito do with your friend ?"

"My enemy !" corrected Adlowe, his eyes flaming with sudden hatred. ' "My enemy to the death! The man who stole from me the love of the woman for whom I have waited these eighteen years! The man who lives to come between me and a noble inheritance for which I have striven hard all my life long! Oh, curse him 1" and he ground his teeth savagely, and glared at the hus- band of the Lady Beatrice with a look of concen- trated fury and hatred. "The base robber! The cowardly intending assassin of the uncle who loved him!"

The pretended count faced Adlowe with an air of command, flashes of indignant light leaping from the blue eyes under his dark brows. His countenance grew strangely stern, and he exclaimed haughtily: "Have you done? Spy and madman that you are Leave my house! Leave it at once, or I will expel you with my own hands ! " A cool and insolent smile chased the anxious ex- pression from Adlowe's features. "It would be the worst day's work you ever did, Geoffrey Trevelyan, if you succeeded in expelling me," he said, significantly. " Come ; I know you, despite your clever disguise. I know you by the fact that the Lady Beatrice Hampton would have wedded no other than her early love." The count uttered no disclaimer, but a smile thstpuzzled the intruder played for a moment about his bearded lips. Adlowe moved uneasily, and communed with himself, keeping a watchful eye upon his antago- nists.

The Lady Beatrice drew nelrer to her husband, who smiled upon her, and gently wreathed his arm around her waist. He felt her heart fluttering like a frightened bird in its cage, although outwardly she seemed so resolute and defiant.

The manner of Adlowe, which grew every instant more menacing and insolent, began to inspire them with a growing apprehension. The count swept a rapid glance at the windows in search of hostile faces. The idea occurred to him that Adlowe might have officers in waiting without to arrest him.

The Lady Beatrice noticed her husband's glance, and comprehended his unspoken fear. Quitting his encouraging embrace she went to the window, opened it, and koked out. There was no one to be seen in the shadowy garden. Her fears quieted, she left the window open and returned to her hus- band's side.

"I came here alone," said Adlowe, comprehend- ing her ladyship's movement. "A detective in my employ traced the Lady Beatrice here. I have a key to your garden gate, and admitted myself. No one but the detective suspects that I am here, or that Senor Arevalo is no other than Geoffrey Trevelyan. My uncle does not dream that his hated nephew still lives. Now let us understand each other. I believe you, Senor Arevalo, as you call yourself, to be my cousin Geoffrey Trevelyan. The fact is plain to my own mind. If I were to denounce you to my uncle, he would transport you. You would die of the shame . and disgrace, but you would leave sons to inherit your title and estates. You see that I recognise all the obstacles between me and the property I lave e_o lop_g e_onsisie_red _as_ my own, - AAA now 2!

===== 0002601_18940922_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER.

MY DEAREST NELLIE, Everyone is at the seaside or holiday-keeping In some form or another just now, and numbers of fresh girl faces, all the fresher for sea breezes blowing vigorously inland, are to be met at every turn on beach, parade, and pier. Somehow, girls seem to dress better nowadays than they did formerly. I cannot help thinking it is because, week by week, more and more clever heads dis- cover tEat the way to dress well on a small allow- ance is for clever fingers to make the dresses, frills, and furbelows at home instead of giving them to a, perhaps, inexperienced drestmaker.

The pretty frocks wb, tave seen at a fashion- able resort are, besides being charming dresses for the season, excellent models to follow when you are taking autumn and winter dresses into con- sideration. The girl's frock is serge, the skirt, yoke, and lower part of the sleeves white, striped with red, the Eton coat, puffs, and blouse plain red, and the collar white, braided with black; the anchor is also worked in black silk. Black stock- ings are worn with this and tan shoes, the straw of the hat is in a corresponding tone of tan, and the ribbon on it black, with red letters and red anchors. Her elder sister is very modishly attired; a creamy shade of serge is the chief material of which the gown is composed, the accordion-pleated bodice being made of thin black silk, with cream guipure revers and flounce. Black satin ribbons cross from the revers to each side of the waist, and the three long sash ends are deftly caught at the edge of the skirt. The hat is a burnt straw, with black tulle and orchids.

Among the new trimmings arranged for autumn wear, are regular sets in astrachan, including revers, collar, cuffs, and jacket trimmings. Sometimes the sets are for bodices, and are devised with a view to render them wearable without a coat or cape in mid-season. For instance, a sort of zouave or bolero in astrachan is edged all round with ball fringe, and with it are sold a high collar and a long pair of cuffs, which can be buttonod on ever the dress collar and sleeves. It is certain that beaver and astrachan will be the favourite furs this winter. It also seems pretty sure that skirts will continue to be very wide round the hem, though the fit to the figure above is still regarded as one of the most important points of a smart toilet. Some dressmakers still use a stiff lining in order to make the folds stand out well from the feet at the back. The new skirts with pleats dawn the sides are well suited to redundant figures, for though they add to the quantity of material on the hips, the spreading out of the pleats immediately below them detracts from the effects of stoutness. It will be seen if these skirts will be more success- ful with Englishwomen than the draped ones, which some French milliners vainly endeavoured to Introduce.

Directly the wind begins to -blow we shall cast aside from us our larQe hats, and take again to the toque. Made in coloured velvet, edged with sable, with an eagle's quilt e.t one side, these are particu- larly pretty; and then, again, the crowns of some of them are of felt, ret,ting on folds of velvet; and others, &gait:, I,ave I Ines with crowns of Indian embtoidery outlined with R ruche of cocks feathers, with cock's feathers stic-king up at one kiie but, unquestionably, the velvet ones with the sable are the prettiest, and sal-As is once agsin to be the fur. A pr,sttiE,,r iat for a you:lg nirl cannot well be created than one made of ertuklecl straw, trimmed with lace and white ostrich feathers. Under and slightly rahiui.! the brim are two tufts of dydrangea of a delicate pinkish shade. Yours lovingly, JENNIE.

MUCH BETTER THAN ;STEEL AND PENNYROYAL OTTEY'S UNLABELLED STE.ONG FEMALE PILLS. quickly and Certainly remove all obstruct ions arising from any cause whatever. Invaluable tor married worne. Post free, under cover for 14, and 33 stamps. from

THOMAS OTTEY, Chemist. BURICii-ON-lii,Ebil k:ease rhea:don, this paper

\'',/e"—'•.--%-- A In , \ 1 .4i q' l/iii 1 fil i 11111% / / I/ I 11: I:l.'t I ii, 1 i IkA,‘' :' , ~.)\l‘,, 1, II yiy \. 00, \ i 111 till \\\\ \ ''. 111111' i I'l \ \ I. F 45; 451., .t., ... ' p ti :. ....I.° .'I ,t ilch I hi

'oq.''' • lir: Z \,(,,: . ,', ' ti\s,:, /T,,,,_ . • *..';slw ' ;•40.1‘.10'', 't , //// . //,,'l./..1;1,,,-4'•;.).."1/•/::'11.1'!4../';il.li'',i•/,.,1‘.1.'';:1-.1,-:".''''''''''','l:7llll.‘'.ll;ll:‘,. . • ./4 / . 1- ' - 11' : ` if‘‘;.•,,l! ,1 , fts ,1;_1', -_,,111 , - ''',4ll ''t,. • t . 3.- ~, • :411 -i r- ' -:1-i' 1 ;- V / --f-1, 1, fi 1i .i 1 ,-.f, p 1. / ~,i0 041 1 • , , • ~ .•_,,,C.' ! ,tLi ;- :.-=_- pi i---_-2.. 9 t) : :.`,..' sV. '' i • ••• ' -7: , :--- :;', :1.0 ' -' c.c:, --:-:-• i --;,--.---:- . _ •

. ~ iSl•ii'in' _ . ( 2j) / 1 i 4,?,, i \.;,;, -';.,:.• • (0,-,, ~_ , ,t- AA), 7.1 ~.,-/ '4,4 .14 ( '(%-: ..., • i 4,, , „.., _.,.., N..,0,,-E-.-,-:--- ?,,.. ,('- .i,t„, .',.4",_-_-- - ....1: •-_LA._ 0 vt' -,==-74;y0, .4 4 :4 .. .„. • ~ I . 1

===== 0002601_18940922_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
A MN WHO WANTED TO DIE WITH HIS LEG ON.

The " Oldham Chronicle "prints an interesting inter- view with Mr. John Cavanagh, of 13, Slater-street, Man- chester-street, Oldham. " Four years ago," said Mr. Cavanagh, who is des cubed as a most intelligent person, "I slipped down some steps. Next morning I could not go to my work. The pain settled in my risht knee. It began to swell, and a few mornings later I could not put my heel on the ground, and that was my condition for four years. I went to the Oldham Infirmary as an out-patient; two of the best doctors saw me in consulta- tion. They said my leg was mortifying and that it would have to come off. I did not like that; I VMS determined I would die with my leg on. Other medical gentleman were called in, and I have been attended by no less than twenty-two ; eight of them entirely gave me up. After I had been helpless two years I went to the Infirmary. I shall never forget the look of astonish- ment on the doctor's face. He cried out Why the man is dying. Get him to bed.' I lay for sixteen days, daily getting worse. I was not out of bed for six months. One of the doe tors who saw me about this time sent eight others, who were equally puzzled with my case."

"You seem all right now," said the reporter, " how- ever. How does that come about ?"

" I came across accounts of cures effected by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. In December last I came across a report of a cure in Stallordshire,and the complaint appeared to be something like what I was suffering from. It was verified by a clergyman. I obtained a bow of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. It was on the 23rd of December, and so rapid was the effect of the medicine that I was actually working on the 4th of Jan- uary, for the first time for four years, and have worked regularly ever since. lam as well as ever I was in my life ; I can run, jump, or skip."

Dr. Willi am-Pink.Pills are not a purgative, like othe pills, but a strengthening nerve and blood tonic which can be taken without the least danger even by the most delicate, and are an unfailing cure for rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia, partial paralysis, locomotor ataxy, St. Vitus' dance, nervous headache, prostration, and all cases in which the system needs to be strengthened and built up. They are a specific for troubles of the female sex, and in men effect a radical cure in cases arising from mental worry, overwork, or excess of any kind. They are sold by chemists, or may be bad direct from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, 46, Holborn-viaduct, London, at '2s. 9th a box, or six boxes for 135.. 9d. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are new r sold loose, and the wooden box must be in a pitk wrapper, bearing full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
MR GLADSTONE AND THE LIQUOR TRAFFIC.

The Bishop of Ches ter addressed a meeting in Aber- deen on Tuesday night on the subject of the municipal- isation of the drink traffic. His lordship discussed the Gothenburg system of licensing, and read the following hitherto unpublished letter which Mr. Gladstone had recently addressed to Lord Thring :—" For many years I have been strongly of opinion that the principle of selling liquors for the public profit only offers the sole chance of escape from the present miserable and almost contemptible pred ica merit, which is a disgrace to the country. lam friend ly to local option, but it can be no more than a partial and occasional remedy. The mere limitation of numbers, the Ideal of Parliament for the last 20 years, is, though pretending to the honour of a remedy, little better than an imposture. The growth of the system of tied houses continually aggravates the prevailing mischief of dethils. Ido not speak, but on a principle. You are working on the only lines either promising or tenable. lam glad to see that Mr. Cha- mberlain is active in your cause."

The Sailors and Firemen's Union claims to have scored a victory. According to Mr. J. Havelock Wilson, M.P., 1,368 men shipped in the Bristol Channel in the last two weeks at the increased wages demanded by the union. It is stated the union proposes to make a similar demand at other ports. Mr. E. Cowey, president of the Yorkshire Miners' Association, was waited upon on Monday by a deputa- tion from a meeting held E t Penistone on Saturday, and accepted an invitation to become the Labour candidate for the Holmfirth division, in opposition to Mr. H. J. Wilson, M.P.,the Liberal member tor the division, whose action on the Mines Eight Hours Bill has alienated the support of a portion of bis constituents. .

===== 0002601_18940922_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
A l „ . ~ , e ~„ .9 I .7 .'" ~ . . , . , i;1 , . , . . ' ic"ie thi4ts c9„owderii.

GIVE EASE .t COMFORT DURING TEETHING. Pleasant, Cooling Aperient for Childrert of all Ae.,;±a. Try them and prove their value for yourselves.

Sold everywhere in packets, Is. 11,d. and 28. 9d., or post free 14 or 34 stamps. J. PRITCHARD, CHEMIST, cumrva, MANCHESTER (late Choriton :Road).

===== 0002601_18940922_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
he added, turning his bloodshot eyes front Mae to the other of his enemies and victims, "I offer you a truce. I will make a bargain with you. Which shall it be between us; peace or war—a war to the death?"

The count was gravely silent, but his eyes seemed to read the soul of the scheming profligate before him.

"How can there be peace between us?" asked the Lady Beatrice, suspiciously. "Can the lion and the lamb lie down together ? " "I will explain," declared Adlowe. "Granting that Senor Arevalo is my cousin Geoffrey--I say granting it, Lady Beatrice—you know that he must keep his existence hidden from my uncle during Lord Trevelyan's lifetime. After his lord- ship's death Geoffrey can come forward and claim his own. I will keep Geoffrey's continued existence a secret, granting as I said that Senor Arevalo is Geoffrey, and I will undertake to disabuse my uncle's mind of its prejudices—for a considera- tion."

"What consideration ? " asked the Lady Bea- trice, guardedly. Adlowe shuffled a little as if uneasy, smiled and said:

"You have a daughter?" The father started and his brows contracted. A look of gathering terror appeared on the face of the lady Beatrice. __ _ __ _ _

" I iefer to Giralda," said the profligate lord, coolly. "I have but just returned from my uncle's where I have seen her. Sha ha her father's eyes. You sent her to the Park to win the old man's love, and to smooth the way for her father's return. Well, she has succeeded in winning Lord Trevelyan's love and all the money he is able to leave from the estate. The Park looks as it used to, with servants and a better style of living than it has seen since the row of eighteen years ago. Giralda has it all her own way there. But to come to the point. Your daughter is young, spirited, lovely in disposi- tion, with a beauty that is perfectly marvellous. I never saw a more bewitching face in all my travels. She is like her mother, but with less of coldness and haughtiness, and more of fire and glow." "Well " demanded the pretended count, hoarsely. The Ladyßeatrice held closely to the back of the chair before her, a deathly faintness creeping over her.

"Since the Lady Beatrice is lost to me by her marriage," said Adlowe, easily, "I will elevate her lovely daughter to the pedestal in my heart which her ladyship has vacated. In other words, give me Giralda for my wife and I will keep your secret, and endeavour to effect Geoffrey's reconciliation with my uncle. But understand, I must be recom- pensed for the estates of which Geoffrey's existence robs me. Lord Trevelyan's sixty thousand pounds settled on Giralda must be increased by a full half of the private fortune of the Lady Beatrice. On these terms I agree to a lasting peace." He looked up as if he felt himself master of the situation.

The Lady Beatrice uttered a low moan, and put out her hands towards her husband.

He took them both in his strong grasp, looking brave and undaunted, and said quietly, but with a dignity and decision that were more effective than loud tones:

"My lord, I beg to decline the alliance you pro- pose to us. My daughter is too young to marry. Anti, were she not, I should never attempt to force her inclinations."

"Oh, I would see her in her grave before I would see her Lord Adlowe's wife! "cried the Lady Bea- trice with passionate emphasis. "My poor, little girl! My noble, pure Giralda 1" A disagreeable smile curved Adlowe's mouth. "You prefer war, then ?" he said. "But do not decide yet. I have more to tell. I have been down to Trevelyan Park, as I said. In fact, I left there last night, arriving in town this morning. Yesterday, not being then informed of the detec- tive's discovery, and making sure of Giralda's identity, I offered myself to her, and assured her that her marriage with me would be her father's only chance of safety." "What did she say? "questioned the Lady Bea- trice, breathlessly. "She put on the airs of a duchess, and refused me 1 She said that she could not sacrifice herself, could not do wrong, even to save her father 1" " Nobld) girl 1" the father muttered, under his breath, his face lighting up with a thankful glow. "That is not all 1" said the mother, anxiously, "What else have you to tell, Lord Adlowe 1" That disagreeable smile on Adlowe's lips deep- ened now to one of triumph. "Your daughter," he said, "had formed the project of stealing away from the Park after night- fall, intending to walk to Trevelyan village and to catch the evening train east She also intended to telegraph a warning to you. I read her resolve in her eyes. As I was leaving her, I received the detective's dispatch, hurrying me back to town. My course was settled upon at once. I procured a light wagon from the village, and had it in readi- ness. Soon after dusk. according to my calcula- tions, Miss Giralda stole out, on her way to the village. I and my man followed with the waggon. We overtook her on the road, and found her crouching by a tree or stone, where she hid at our approach— `My poor girl I" cried the Lady Beatrice, tor. tured and anguished. A gleam shot from Adlowe's eyes. "We stopped the waggon and took the young lady prisoner," he resumed, coolly. "I bouna her to the seat and sent her away to a safe asylum. She is there now, aprisoner." "Oh, my God I', wailed the stricken mother, "Better that she were in the den of a lion than in your power' Ormond Adlowe." She sank down on the sofa, quivering in frame, her senses in a whirl.

The disguised Geoffrey Trevelyan looked stunned by this unexpected blow. "The price of Giralda's freedom is her marriage with me," said Adlowe, remorselessly. "She shall never leave her living tomb save as my wife. You must see for yourself that this marriage will be the best thing for her. She will never have another chance to secure a respectable husband! You are versed in the cruel ways of the world, Lady Beatrice. You know that I have only to circulate the story of Giralda's mysterious disap- pearance, to blight her fair name for ever. People are quick to believe bad reports. And so, if you prefer war, you may add to Geoffrey's threatened transportation your daughter's blighted name and blighted life !" He looked at them now, smiling like a fiend. Again a low wail broke from the mother's lips. The words of Adlowe had fallen upon her quivering soul like heavy whip-strokes upon raw and bleeding flesh.

The face of the pretended count glowed with an awful indignation. His eyes flashed like gleaming coals. His breath came quick through his parted lips. 'Scoundrel V' he cried, leaping forward, carried away by his passion. "You shall never go further in your demon's work 1" He sprang upon Adlowe seizing him in a fierce grip, as if he would tear him in pieces. Adlowe shook in his frenzied grasp, unable to withstand him, and uttered a cry of terror. The Lady Beatrice bounded forward and caught her husband's arm. "Oh, stop 1" she exclaimed in anguish. "Our child 1 The secret of her prison will die with him! Adlowe, where is she? Where is Giralda ?" The count relaxed his grasp, and questioned the profligate lord with haggard eyes. "Where is she?" he whispered, hollowly, shak- ing Adlowe as if he had been a dog. "Where is she?"

_ "That you shall know when I can present her to you as my wife—not before I" declared Adlowe, with chattering teeth, his cowardly soul quailing before the storm he had raised. "Kill me, if you will, Geoffrey Trevelyan, but with me will die your last chance of ever beholding your child again!' The count half unconsciously shook Adlowe again, and more fiercely. "I ought to kill you, Ormond Adlowe !" he cried, his eyes blazing. "Wretch that you are, your life has been one long series of wrong-doing! Viper! let me tell you who I am !" and he gripped him more tightly. "I am Geoffrey Trevelyan— that Geoffrey Trevelyan whom you have wronged and traduced! I am that Geoffrey Trevelyan against whom you have alienated his uncle's heart ; whom you have driven from his rightful home; whom you have forced to lead a secret and hidden existence under an assumed name and assumed character! You have persecuted my noble and honoured wife. You have persecuted my daughter. And at last, Ormond Adlowe, at last we meet face to face, disguises swept aside !" He flung Adlowe from him violently, and con- fronted him with a face of awful sterness. "I am Geoffrey Trevelyan !', he repeated, the concentrated bitterness of years finding expression in his voice. " Remove me from your path, base

schemer, and two stand in my place—my noble boys—to keep from you the estates of Trevelyan. 11:Qur zclaemes have all been vain and uselwa,

===== 0002601_18940922_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
Now plot and scheme, and do your worst. Set the detectives on my track. Bring the officers to arrest me. But first, let me show you that I hail not lost my old strength of arm." All his wrongs rushed upon Geoffrey Trevelyan's soul in one wild stream. He leaped toward the quaking profligate, caught him in his arms, bore him to the open window, and threw him out with a violence that was terrific. "Now go 1" he said—" go 1 and bear in min& that I defy you !" The Lady Beatrice tottered forward, fell on her knees by the window, and threw up her arms wildly. "Oh, my child! my child!" she cried. "Lost to us now forever 1" ,

She fell forward, fainting and unconscious. Her agonised husband bent to gather her uP irt his arms, and at that moment a hoarse and raoct- ing cry was borne to his ears, coming from t. _,he garden shadows, sounding like the cry of a ucl- nmphant demon. "Ahi you defy me 1" was the burden of the art in the voice of Adlowe. "So be it 1 And now yos shall feel the storm you have drawn on yourself. First, your arrest. Second, your wife's disgraOe• Third, to make love to the fair Giralda. Igo novro but my vengence will fall soon, and heavily. There followed a rushing sound among the trear as if the discomfited villain were blindly forcing bil way among them, regardless of the path, in Pl. wild haste for vengeance. (To be continued).

THE HANDFUL OF THINGS WE facet Several years ago an American humorist and 1:oet hig published some verses called "Little Breeches." T wh vcaB was an odd name given to a very small boy o caught out in a tremendous snowstorm, and final found in some hay quite a distance from the houße' However the boy got there bothered everybody to plain. It was certain he never could have walked. 5° his father said the angels must have done it; " the? just stooped down and toted him to where it was sale and yam, he said." The poetry about it (supposed t° have been written by the youngster's father) starts off in this way : I don't much go on religion, I never ain't had no show; But I've a middling tight grip, sir, On the handful of things I know. That's it ; the handful of things we know. There arelf many of 'erw,but there are a few. And one Of their it. this : that for a hundred results there is only one WO! Nature develops and makes differences ; never a nevi

•orce. Here, for example, is an incident which shows Our meaning. About Christmas, 1889, Mr. E. Wright bad it.) attack of influenza. Previous to this be had al- ays been strong and hearty. Well, he got over el ii iluenza ; still, it had given him (as he says) "a shake', \ft er this he got along fairly well until February of thIS • ear (1892) when the influenza attacked him again' , ['his time the malady " meant business." Nearly ever?' Oime and muscle in his body ached like sore teeth. 01. am n was hot and dry, and to bed he was obliged to go,". For sixteen days he was under a doctor. At the end 01. hat time he found himself alive, and that was about ail ou could say for him. ' In his letter he goes on to tell what happened nes% I had a foul taste in the mouth," he says, "and WY , ieeth and tongue were covered with a thick siiinY phlegm. My wife says my tongue was like an oyster •hell, and I'm sure it was rough as a nutmeg grater. What I ate, which wasn't much, gave me pain in the' •heat and sides. After a mouthful or two I felt foil aria ! down out, and I used to swell to a great size. By-and a hacking cough set in and my breathing got short sod quick. At night I lay for hoursgasping for breath, ten coughed so I was afraid I should burst a blood vessel. I got weaker and weaker and leas like abroken- winded horse. The doctor said it was asthma, but be ii.isn't able to relieve it. Although I live only tw° ~,inutes walk from the factory where I work, I had ta and rest on my way many a time. "This matters went with me until June, 1892. Then ,ne cloy I took up the " Essex Newsman," and read of s- man living at Earsharn, near Bungay, having been Cu! by Mot li r Seigel's Curative Syrup. I got some of till° edicine from the International Tea Companv,Braintreet A.frer a few closes toy breathing grew easier, and DI k-eping on with the Syrup my food soon digested, ttle utzh left me, *lid I gained strength. I am novl OS • trong as ever, can eat anything, and walk for miles. 1 on a brushmak=ir, and work at the factory of Messrs' • .1- ,ho West and Sons, High-street, Braintree, and ‘.7e>d in this town over forty years. (Signed) E. RIGIIT, Sandpit-road, Braintree, Ease x, August 23!1"

1892." Now let us see how this illustrates the proposition we started out with. For almost three years Mr. VVrigh wa, ill with what seemed like a series of different diS° eases. He had the influenza twice, the asthma once.ao ~liother disease which he gives no name to—even if 11 recognised it. Look for a moment at the variety an; Incongruity of the pains alid troubles he mentiona, $l3" he doesn't describe them all either. You would WIC,/ I.e had half a dozen ailments at least. Yet be had 11' one—indigestipn and dyspepsia—of which all his bodili Aisturbances (influenza included—a blood disease) Were symptoms. All came out of the stomach, and Ng": ,-zeigel't, Syrup set that right the a.thers quietly dePartlu' t: What, then, is one thing of " the handful of things 11 know " ? Answer : That nearly all sorts of diseases all really symptoms of indigestion and dyspepsia, and that Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup cures it. Double that fact up in your fist and hold on to 'idht.

Arrxious Young Man: "Miss 8., may I hay! the sixth dance with you?" Miss B.: "A° °- have no pencil, I cannot mark it." Anxious Yol Man: "Oh, well, leave a space there, and you' understand.' Miss B. : "Very well, then; I see a vacant spot I shall know it is you." Anxious Young Man. SOMEHOW the young ladies don't seem to the leap year idea as they should. They ougrtg fly around and spend their time and money on the_ young men, who have to do that sort of thing threl years on the stretch. Leap year was desigue"' expressly to give the young men a rest as it were and they need it too. IN an old English primer, the whole editiootell the omission of the letter c at the beginning 01 word in the third line, was printed as follows When the last trumpet soundeth, We shall not at all die; . But we shall all be hanged In the twinkling of an eye." "YOUR trip to Italy must have been very Pier. sant," said one of our intelligent young ladies Simpson, who had just returned from a fore.' strand. "Very interesting indeed," answered bei "Now tell me,'_ said she," "does Italy really WO. like a boot? You know that's the way it looks the map." "So you struck the man because he called roti, a liar ? ' said the magistrate. "Yes, sir." Fre,o which I am to infer that you were not a liar ` "Oh, no, I was a liar, and am yet. If I had ll° th° been a liar I should have paid no attention to fellow 'sremarks. Truth is so scarce that wile° hear it I can't keep down my enthusiasm." WE were quartered in the West Indies, Alla the Roman Catholic priest, a jovial fellow, leo often to dine at the mess. One of our subs 551%0 him: "Father O'Flaherty, I wish you vi'ere "00 Pope and held the keys of heaven. "Fail' for boy," replied his reverence, "it would be better f ye if I held the kays of the other place, for then + could let ye out. maTisEtraGtae pulency) for stealing poultry from a farmi daring that To magistrate asked how on earth he managedneA or which Mr. Doyle answered, "Faith, your ho I'd advise you to buy your own fowl, for you virol'' never be able to do it.'

ictur°2i

DAUBER—" Let me show you my latest pi-IU - Charles—" What do you call it ?" Dauber-- a. is Jonah and the whale." Charles—" 'Very g°° but don't you think it would have been 11'° appropriate if you hadn't dressed Jonah 10 swallow-tailed coat and an opera hat ?" Dobero "Yes. It might look a little more artistic, I)alL J there must_ he some way of distinguishint, °

9 (13) " TonAco•msTs commencing" Md. guide gr,:aer. Fro. TS' Co.-186, Etutou-load, Lcndon. Try. INIrERs st. 1866.

from the whale."

===== 0002601_18940922_art0025.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
_ , :

•

===== 0002601_18940922_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL SANITARY Aunt° HITY.

The usual tortnightly meeting of this authority 'Was held on Tuesday afternoon at Dutton Work- lioUse, Mr, John Mclntyre presiding. There were SO present the Rev. J. W. N. Tanner, Nies-sr.:. tv°Beph Knowles, (vice chairman) Thomas LPwis, E. alon, W. Turner, H. E. Heywood, J. J. William-, o. Woodward, J. Brandreth, W. Whitlow, T. Baxter, Ve.,. J. Ashton, clerk ; J. Ashton deputy clerk ; J. nuisance inspector, and Dr. Adams, edical officer of health,

FINANCIAL RETURN FOR THE YEAR. • return of the receipts and expenditure of the autho- .,. Y for the year ended March 25th was submitted. It r h wed that there ad been received in contributions a°l42 the oversers, by the rate of 1,13. in the £, £lll3tal ; expEn,es, £862 ; and from the County Council ; total £2105. The expenditure had been—hospi. nisi £792 ; sewerage works, £l9B ; waterworks, £3B; rblic lighting, £55; contagious diseases, (anivaals) Act, 888, dairies cowsheds, £10; loans, principal and luterest, £6lO ; salarie. SL,! £365; and establishment Char ges £139 ; total £2207. The amount of loans out- ding cu Marh 25 Ai last, were :—Seweta?e works, ; and water works, £2310 ; total £BB2l. The e_tnotint of loan received during the year was £3270 ; 'Derided £l7Ol ; principal repaid £383 ; and iuturest 027.

REPORT OF THE ENGINEER. ._ Writing on the 7th inst., Mr. Lionel B. Wells,engineer, micl that he had recently inspected the sea fi4ts outfall '11(1 found that the surface of the water in the channel I,.ding from the valve to the estuary was not so low as c had found it on previous occasions. He had therefore ecealtrnunicated with the engineer of the Manchester Ship , nal Company and ri quested him to clear out the to'eannel. Be found the banks were full. The sewage thining down the pipes was running away freely into Ze estuary at low water, but would be blocked as is,and Las always the case, wlitn the tide ruse above the level ' the outfall. THE INFECTIOUS DISEASES HOSPITAL. • thA letter was read from Mr. Dunlop, at the offices of 8 ShiP Canal Compaq, promising to lay the clerk's tteturnunication before the directors, but did not think , hey would be able to offer the Authority a plot of land the canal for a permanent Infectious Diseases liosni- . The subj: ct, however, sii6nild receive considera- , Crsshe Clerk Tad iIE aHELSBY WATER SCHEME. re letter from Mr. Charles H. Belve, of .: rPool, drawing attention to the fact that the Audio- "l had offered a premium of £5 for a scheme of water . (vPly for Belsby. Be wished to know what had been .41e in the matter, arid whetherthe premium had been , i'llcarded.—Mr. Brandreth suggested that the clerk euld inform the writer that the subject had been post- . Kaed until the Parish Councils Bill came into force. 3;,1,1E EFFECT OF SUMMONING DEFAULTING TOWNSHIPS. 1 the Clerk informed the members that at the last meet- -1142R of the Authority he was instructed to take proceed- -1,.,e8 against FroclsLarn township and Frodsham Lordship F enforce the payment of their calls, but he had since a°lll_,Ucl out that first of all application would have to be 4 aUe to the magistrates in Petty Sessions for them to fix ..13Peuial session to hear the summons.—Mr. Brandreth Zted that since the last meeting Frodsham Lordship 4,td Paid £56 on account of their call, leaving £29 still and Frodsham township had remitted £230 on 41—'ulint, leasing £lOO still owing. He urged the enforce- „eat of the summons.—Mr. Heywood remarked that the Tltluthti erity's threat had apparently hail the dßaired effect accordingly ho moved that no further steps be taken thr,the rnatter.—Mr. Lewis seconded.—Mr. Brandreth I.,:tirtht it would be a farce to now withdraw from the 72e1tion they had taken up at the last meeting. If the s'tivrseers did their work in a proper way, and paid their pr. Is Promptly, there would be no need to take such tkeueedings. The auditor had distinctly told the Clerk the calls should he paid more regularly; and he 1,5 • Brandreth) thought that the members should sup- the Clerk, and enforce the resolution.—Mr. Aaron },L)Ported the last spesk-r.—Mr. Heywood explained, on alf of Frodshain township, that the reason why the E:Yrnents had not been made was that neither the Ship piht!al nor the Railway Company had :vet paid their rates, )4,1°1 Were considerable sums. Many other ratepayers tit,.tefused to remit their rates in consequence of their iti'lus not being in proper order. To get the latter rates th Was only a case of shore time, and he proposed that the Proceedings be postponed.—Mr. Woodward asked if Da%airluunts which had been paid on account had been h 4 since the notices had been given.—Mr. Brandreth BWered in the affirmative.—Mr. Woodward replied ,t under those circumstances he should support Mr. thl'wood in asking for a postponement.—After some :t,,11., er discussion it was decided to postpone the pro. '''-ungs for a fortnight.

4

MEDICAL OFFICER'S REPORT. tl,l)r. Adams, the medical (Beer of health, reported a case of typhoid fever had occurred at Stretton, title examination of the house revealed no sanitary 4:acts, but he suctgcsted that the water be analysed. A pc,se of diphtheria had occurred at Frodsham. The nPants of the house, where the complaint existed, L'ocured their water from "The Fountain." Complaint ed been made ot defective sanitary arrangements, and recommended that a visit should be paid by the cr:l2isance inspector. Four cases of scarlet fever had iTtUrred at Bingsley,and the children were scholars of the tiolti„gsleY school,but no information of exposure to infec• h." Could be obtained. These Cases had most probably t-'4141 derived from insufficient disinfection of previous la:ie,st Another case of tnAhoid fever had occurred at tt:".°ll, the cause being attritluted to certain defects in tese ganitary arrangements, hut which were now in pre- -4,18,0f being remedied. Diphtheria had broken out at pi;nn, but no cause could he ascertained excent the pf" nad been kept too near to the house. An outbreak 6earlet fever had occurred at Weston, there being Child eases in all. The infection was attributed to the t,(7.uren having attended school, and he (the medical tit'oer) had been given to understand that a considerable cke unt of undefined and suspicious disease had recently Pointing, probably ,o a wider occurrence. It be 4110,, en stated that the children affected had been sta g-ed to go about the streets whilst in the peeling tilafe.---Mr. Aaron said it had come to his knowledge Dee; the Children in one family, where the fever had thiiled, had attended school. Some of the affected Behrseo had gone to both the church and the Wesleyan r,-°'s• Be thought that something ought to be done event this.—Dr. Adams observed that it was but a sve;nBtration of the lack of control which they had klps.infectinus diseases. The people could snap their V1'&74.'11; at the Authori y and do what they liked. What Williequired was a hospital for isolation purposes.—Mr. itt4l,3 thought that medical gentlemen should etist,r to parents very carefully the necessity that Chile,' for the exercise of the greatest precaution. The p.`!ll should not, under any circ;lmstances be allowed disealsslet.their friends wh. en suffering from any infectious been' RADITABLE ROUSES. lt leatllS of occupation were granted to Mr. Peter 141 by h.'"ake. Warrington, for five houses recently erected t 0 at Walton Inferior, and to Mr. Joseph Blythe, for 11`;'? houses erect"d by him at Helsby.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
3-I:TDGE COLLIER AND MONEY-

BO ItRO WING.

On 11, 217 PER CENT. ,gettrih"ednesday,at St. Helens County Court,during the letfden;4 int several rases arising out of loans by money 'hat "is Honour Judge Collier expressed his surprise sign sensible people should be so incredibly foolish as to ,f)flo ,agreeitents to pay enormous rates of interest. In ‹en„,-4se it appeared that the borrower, a man named ttl °n, residing • t 282 Park-road, had allowed his pay- ents t ng Itter, 0 fall into arrear for several months, and he Itag (71,atds declined to pay the additional interest which tiain;";2rged.—Mr. J. 0. Swift, who appeared for the *ZS Mr. R. C. Goldsmith, exnlained that, a loan of *ith as granted in February, 1891, and the amount, 4 the • , Interest charged,haa not yet been repaid.—Mr. 48: °Tears, for the defence, said that a total of £6 eitort,l• had been repaid, and he thought that was an l'eteflt amount.—Mr. Swift said his friend should )?earstriber that the loan of £5 was granted nearly four tlalago.—His Honour, after looking at the decuments 411 k- Case, said the defendant and his surety had signed elaltlP'''lnent under which the plaintiff was entitled to 7per cent. interest, or L 9, extra, for the repay- .4B havingn fallen into arrears. The plaintiff, however, ,/1 (;;;‘Y claiming 75. 6d. extra. He could not concei▪ ve th'cnie could be so incredibly foolish as to sign notes Ivastac: character. He always thought the best thi▪ ng tn th order people to pay the full amount in such cases, ;t When it was generally known they could not get vitto kol.b. Paying by appearing in court and pleading the tligb itant percentages demanded,they would not readily ?t. such notes. He ultimately made an order for the athiwilrfent of the amount claimed at ss. per month. He ql/4 .I.sed the defendant to be careful about signing such nreernent in future.

,„Ittyu,,, - • ll •---.411.--- Ott/&t,PRES. TRUSSES. WOODEND'S PATENT ! ,ustork t'S. the most comfortable truss ever invented. A , Vi,oilbie° N,vearers, having no spring at back. Single Is. 6d. . 00r,t,12g• Carriage paid. Fend size in inches tc .1. 4D. Chemist. 22, Pitt-street, Liverpool.—. Advt. : ! 'l h• ICYCIe Z' rn a Immeran's great success is said to be due to d a ..00._ - b""rinall.> 14rge heart, which is declared by the 11,0ra to be two inches longer than the average. thOrls:,Y9 COCOA.-4RATEFUL AND COMFORTING.— "By a ?Dera;.',gh knrs- • of the naturahlaws which govern the 'fort 'tons xi and nutrition and by a careful applica- )erties of well-selected Cocoi, Mr. Epps .iur breakfast and supper a delicately ,hich may save us many heavy doctors tdicious use of such articles of diet that a gradually built up until strong enough icy to disease. We may escape many a ing ourselves well fortified with pure •ly nourished frame."—" Civil Service nplywith boiling water or milk.—Sold Grocers, lali3lled—" JAMES EPPS & CO., Chemists London."—Also makers of 'locos.' Nib-Extract: A thin beverage of h many beHeficially taking the place of .gton by Bowden, Bamford, and Peteival

xi:low-ledge ~rie of digestic the fine prop s 13 ovided for 0 :1 ),-,avoo:ed beverage w 11,. It is ty the ju' ;r -,..elatitution may be te ist every tendeb tlloocl`4tal'sla3ft by keePi a properl 'atette... ..._made sin ()Illy In packets, by: ( 144. 4 niceopfttilio fl/I),Pts''s C°ocoaine or C t_-Odw ttaVo. now witt 't. or Bold in Warrjn' -.Advt.

Lk, )11)14 , tea.; vtt..

===== 0002601_18940922_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
lt ITN CORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

Mr. John Mclntyre presided over the fortnightly meeting of guardians at the Dutton Workhouse, on Tuesday afternoon. The other gentlemen present were the Rev. J. W. N. Tanner, Messrs. H. E. Hey- wood, J. Buindreth, J. M. Williams, T. Baxter, C.C. T. Handley, T. Lea, S, Yarwood, T. Lewisa, W. Whit- low, S. Woodward, E. Aaron, W. Turner, J. Ashton, clerk; and G. Ashton, deputy clerk.

REFORMATION OF THE LAUNDRY AND WASHHOIISE.

At the last meeting of the Baard, a specification and estimate by Messrs. Bradford and Company, tor appli- ances for the washhouse and laundry at the workhouse. amounting in the aggregate to £196 103. was submitted by the Visiting Committee. They reported that they had carefully considered the matter, and recommended that so much of the work as would entail an expenditure ,n the purchase of appliances of £147, and in the altera- tions and additions consequen t thereupon of about £5O he executed. Mr. Williams then gave notice that at the next meeting of the Board he would mOve that such re- port be received and adopted, and that applieation be made to the Local Government Board for sanction to carry out the work.—Mr. Williams in accordance with that notice of motion now proposed that the above work be done. The sub-committee had come to the conclusion after considerable investigation, to spend this money in replacing certain appliances and making al: ers.tions which would only be humane on their part towards:, the old psi p!e who were obliged to work in the washficuses and heating room. The present appliances had now been in use for nearly forty years, and were nearly worn out. The Ladies Committee had reported that the laundry, &e., were in an unsatisfactory state,and Mr. Dauser had also spoken of the need for improvement, anti had sug- gested various alterations and additions. The cost would be 1-5 of a id. in the £ on their present rateable valuo,or if the sum was borrowed for ten years, it would. mean a payment of £2l a year to cover principal and in- terest.—The Rev.J.W.N.Tanner seconded and Mr. Aaron supported.—Mr. Yarwood remarked that he felt in duty bound to oppose the spending of so much money at a time when trade was so depressed. Toe sum was too large to spend upon the laundry when the necessary im- , provements could be carried out at a cost of about £6O or £7O. He thought that the proposed expenditure would prove a very heavy burden on the backs of the ratepayers ; and it behoved the Board to therefore be just before they were generous. He sympathised with the old folks who were compelled to work under such conditions in the laundry, but nevertheless he was of the opinion that the place could be made very comfort- able for about £7O or at the most £lOO. He would move anamendment therefore to that effect.—Mr. Whitlow seconded.—Mr. Woodward said that this work had been before two committees both of whom were fully satisfied that the improvements,as now proposed, were at tsolutely necessary. It was a graver mistake to patch work of this kind than to spend a few more pounds and do the work properly.—Mr. Brandreth observed that all the members of the committee were practical men and need- less to say they had tried to get the work done at the lowest possible figure, but they found that the present estimate could not be cut down without leaving some of the work undone or improperly done.—Mr. Heywood and Mr. Lea also supported the motioo.—The amend- ment was at length put and lost,and the original motion carried by nine votes to two.—On the proposition of Mr. Heywood, seconded by Mr. Lea, it was resolved that the consent of the Local Government Board be applied for to borrow the money for a isumber of years.

THE YEAR'S POOR RATE RETURN.

The Clerk presented the poor rate return for the year ended Lady Day,1894. The total receipts wt r, £24,222, of which £21,730 was raised by the poor rate. The expenditure for relief to the ,poor and oth...r relative purposes amounted to £8,002, made up as follows :—ln maintenance, £1,172 ; out relief, £3,557 ; lunatics in asylums, £823 ; on loans, £219; salaries, &c., £1,339 ; other expenses, £892. The expenditure tor purposes unconnected with relief was :—For county pglice rate, £6 853 ; highways, £4,556 ; burial boards, £145 ; Rural Sanitary authorities, £1,193 ; school board, £1,862 ; School Attendance Cotnmittee,£lss ; registration ,births, &c., £159 ; vaccination fees and expenses, £152 ; regis- tration and cost of jury lists, £lB9 19s. ; school tees for non-pauper children, £ll ; legal proceedings, £lB ; assessment expenses, £ll5 ; salaries, £1,336 ; total ex- penditure charged to common fund,£24,765. The loans raised by the Guardians stood at £1,520. The total medical relief was £373.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCIAL STATEMENT.

Mr. Brandreth submitted the report of the Finance Committee, ham which it appeared that the balance in the treasurer's hands was £2,214 03. 4d. The amounts dri.wn that day for relief were: Ituncrrn, £9O ; Frods- ham. £3O ; and Budworth. £lB. The sum withdrawn was £l4O 12s. 6d. The unpaid calls were, Frodst7am, £204; Hatton, £35; Kingswood, £32. These were the r,nly defaulters, and after what had taken place during the meeting of the Authority, he would not again move that any proceedings be taken against teiwnshlps whose payments were not made.—Mr. Yarwood seconded, and the report was adopted.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
A VISIT TO UPTON LUNATIC ASYLUM.

The Rev. J. W. N. Tanner submitted the report of the Committee, consisting ot himself, and Messrs. Y3rwood, Lewis, and J. Ashton (clerk), who had been appointed to visit Upton Lunatic Asylum. The rev. gentleman stated that the visit was made on the 11th inst.. the Committee being very cordially received by the asylum authorities. In th- building were 38 patients chargeable to the Run- corn Union, the cost of each being 7s. per week, 4,4. of which was repaid to them by the County Council. They were made up of nineteen males and nineteen females, a- decrease of three compared with last year. All these cases were quite hopeless as was very apparent to the committee when they questioned the effected persons. They were all very clean and well-treated by the officials.—Mr. Yarwood endorsed the remarks of the Isit speaker. All the patients seemed to I e well cared for.—Mr. Williams asked if the Union did not have any patients in Parkside Asylum.—The Chairman : Yes. We have two.—Mr. Williams said that as nothing was ever heard or seen of them, it would be well to have them removed to Upton.—The Chairman replied that there was no room at Uptou. All the beds were full.— Mr. Lewis seconded the adoption of the report and it was carried.

ACCEPTED TENDERS. The following were the successful contract/n.B for supplying provisions &c. to the Guardians for the half year ending March 30th, 1895 :—E. Gregory, Runcorn, groceries ; W. Grounds, Aston, carting ; W. Gill, War- rington, meat; J. H. Weston, Rune-srn, drugs; W. Lightfoot, Aston, coffins; J. W. Bazley, Runcorn, shoe- mending; Thomas Cook, Runcorn, boots and shoes; Biram and Company, St. Helens, coats; Fletcher and Lea, Warrington, drapery ; Unsworth Bros., Runcorn, clothing ; Thomas Booth and Sons, Runcorn, carriage.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PUBLIC-HOUSE MANAGER QUESTION.

MESSRS. WALKER'S CREWE HOUSES.

An adjourned licensing session was held at Cre,ve on Tuesday,the Mayor presiding, when the question of renewing the ligences of seven houses belonging to Messrs. Peter Walker and Sons, Limited, hitherto conducted by managers, came on for decision. Last year the magistrates refused to renew except to bona-fide tenants. Messrs. Walker appealed to the Cheshire Quarter Sessions, which reversed the deci- sion, and renewed the licences. This year, at the ordinary renewal session, the magistrates repeated their objection, and declined to be ruled by the decision of the sessions, and the cases were ad- joured to Tuesday for Messrs. Walker to decide on their course of action. Mr. Berry, for Messrs. Walker, now said his clients, out of deference to the wishes of the Bench, had made their 'managers into tenants, and produced agreements to that effect. The Mayor,after the documents had been examined, said the Bench were not altogether satisfied with the terms of the agreements, but on this occasion they would grant the applications. He said the view of the bench was that licenced houses should be held by responsible persons baying substantial pecuniary interests at stake.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND

IRON CO., LIMITED.

The 21st report of the directors of the above named company for the year ending June 30 has just been issued, and is as follows :—The profits for the year end- ing June 30 last amount to £13,485 6s. 5d., and the bal- ance brought forward from last year is £5423 53. 6c1., together £18,908 lls. 11d. The directors recommend that the preference dividend at the rate of 6 per cent. per annum bepaid on the A shares for the half year end- ing December 31. 1893, but the present state of the accounts does not in their opinion warrant any further distribution. The directors also recommend that £5OOO be added to the depreciation fund ,and that the balance, £7581 13.3. 9d., be carried forward to the next account. The collier's strike, which extended over one-third of the whole financial year, has most seriously affected tne company's business in all departments, and as a conse- quence very heavy losses have had to be made good. In addition to this, the state of the iron trade has throughout the year been extremely depressed and un- satisfactory, and at present no improvement is percep- tible.

WOMEN AND WOMEN ONLY are most competent to fully appreciate the purity, sweetness and delicacy of Culleums. SOAP, and to discover new uses for it daily. In the preparation of curative washes, solutions. etc., for annoying irritations, chafings, and excoriations of the skin and mucous membrane, or too free or offensive perspiration, it has proved most grateful. Like all others of the CTITICURA preparations, Chrricune SOAP appeals to the refined and cultivated everywhere, and is beyond all comparison, the most effective skin purifying and beautifying soap, as well as the purest and sweetest for toilet and nursery.

SOVEREIGN REMEDIES FOR SKIN ERUPTIONS. • .To Cure Eczema, Skin Eruptions, Irritation, Pim- ples, Blotches, Ulcerated Bad Legs and Sores, use CULLWICK'S SKIN OINTMENT AND BLOOD TABLETS. WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION.

Either Ointment or Tablets, ls. l id., from all Chemists ; post free Is. 3d.. from MARTIN. Uhemist, Southampton. BOOTS. Cash Chemists, Warringt. Agents {on SPEAKMAN Z 7, Bridge-st., Runcorn.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
'I E EAMrNEJ, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 22 1894.

TECHNICAL INSTRUCTION IN WARRINGTON. DISTRIBUTION OF PRIZES. The distribution of prizes to the successful students belonging to the Warrington Technical Institute took place at the People's College on Mon- day evening. There was a large number of past and present students present and also Mr.T. Morris, F.U.S. (who distributed the prizes),Councillors Shaw Green, tied F. W. Monks, and Meesrs. C. Twies, E. Wallington, and C. Madeley (secretary). Councillor SHAW GREEN,in opening the proceedings,said that he was sorry that the Chairman of the Museum, Library, and Technical Instruction Committee was not able to be present. In his a hsenc.e,they must not longer delay the preceedings, and he would at once ask Mr. Madeley to read the annual report. Mr. MAPELEY read the following report :—The Con- tinution School was established and carried on for one winter by a voluntary committee. On taking it over the Museum and Technical Instruction Committee made some additions to the list of subjects taught with the view of increasing the use of the school in preparing students for the commercial and scientific departments of the school of science, cookery was also added, and the school was opened four nights instead of three, weekly. The school having become better known there was an increase in the number of students who joined, the total re:iching 197, against 146 in the previous session. The number who entered for each subject was as follows—Aril hmetic and mensuration 90, writing and composition, 70, English grammar 53, shorthands4l, drawing 37, mechanics 13, chemistry 65, needlework 16, cookery 19, total 404. The average number of attend- ances made per week was 393, about one-third more than in the previous session. Regular work being obvi- ously most essential to the progress of the student and very properly insisted on by the Education Department, the committee offered prizes on the following terms : To each student who made 80 attendances a book prize (first class) and to each who made 50 attendances a book prize (second class). In the result 50 students became entitled to these prizes, which Mr. Morris had kindly , undertaken to distribute that evening, viz., 33 first class and 17 second class. As a further reward for industry and intelligence the committee offered scholarships of an amount sufficient to cover class fees in the next seesien. These scholarships were given on the result of the examinations held by the Union of Lancashire and , Cheshire Institutes in the spring. Thirteen were granted, and as the winners have received notice, there is nothing more to give them until the end of the session I will reed their names now : Mary Carpenter, a scholar- ship value 104. tenable at the School of Science ;Jowph Barton, Marshall Gende, Thomas Gandy, Edith Gill, Herbert Greene, Sarah Horobin, Thomas Loneehaw, Florence M'Garty, William Parker, Susannah Penny, scholarships value 7s. 61., covering the whole of the Continuation School and the elites in tte School of Science ; Annie Basketer, Ella London, scholarships of ss. at the Continuation School. These scholarships are given like those in the School of Science on condition that the holder joins the school again, pays the fees, and attends regularly during the next session. It is very satisfactory to the committee, and will also he satisfac- tory to the students, to know that in the opinion of the Educetion Department of the Government this school is It good school. We were visited by her Majesty's Inspeetors several times last session ,when they examined into all our methods and proceedings. As a result of their report the Government has allowed the highest grant for all the subjects taught in the school, the Science and Art Department doing the same in regard to the drawing, and the inspector's report says, " The school has been efficiently conducted and given excellent preparation for pupils passing to the Technical School." This result has not been brought about without some hard work, and the committee are indebted to the super- intendent, Mr. 11. J. Hall, and the other teachers of the school for their exertions towards this end. Councillor SHAW GREEN observed that it was very gratifying to see such a large assembly in that room that night. When the technical schools were first inaugurated some doubts existed as to whether they would be success- ful. He thought that they had been an assured success. At the opening night last year they had 80 students, and 197 during the whole course of the session. That night, more than 150 had already given in their names for the present year, and that was a gratifying feature indeed. (Applause.) He hoped that the names handed in would go on increasing, and that the students would make themselves more efficient, and then at the close of next sessien. they would have the pleasure, not?! distribut- ing 50 prizes, but 150. It would be gratifying to the Committee if they had to find the money, and he hoped everyone of them would make a special effort to be owners of a prize next session. Applause.) Mr. T. MORRIS in his remarks previous to distributing the prizes said that he stood before them with feelings mixed with pain and pleasure. The rain was caused by the melancholy circumstances which caused their friend, Mr. Robert Davies, to he away from them that evening. The pleasure he needed hardly say was that he and his family, and his late brother's family had the sympathy of all in that room. (Rear, hear.) He was also pleased at the honour conferred upon him by being invited to present the prizes to the successful students that evening. By handing the prizes to the winners, he desired to impress upon all of them that they must not run away with the idea that when they won prizes or first class certificates, their education was finished— (hear, hear)—even in the particular subject for which they had received those prizes. It was at that stage that their real education was commencing—in the application of that education which would make them into men and women of worth. They should never allow the thriieht to stay in their brain, that all the things which tended to the happiness of the people were found nut, that the footpaths were altogether onen, and the road way clear. The roads were continually taxing borough surveyors and scientiflc men how they should find out some material which should he cheaper and as durable, or more durable and cheaper. At the same time that material should be as safe for man and horse to travel over. He wished to advise them all to com- mence to cultivate an inquiring mind. Never mind how simple or common an object Was. It was thus that George Stevenson acquired the idea of the locomotive, which did not occur to him until he was 25 years of are. Again Mr. Bessemer, now Sir Henry Bessemer, did not make his discoveries until he was 30 years of age. The gold in fact was not picked by some ()nth they were well on in years, therefore he entreated of them to keep on learning something which they and their parents might be proud of. If it did not bring wealth, it would bring them pleasure. (Hear, hear.) Pleasure meant health, and healeh was quite a. good as wealth. He was pleased at the success of the classes. If they kept multiplying, they would he the grandest things that Warrington or its people had even had in its hieorr. (Apt-dance.) Mr. MORRIS then handed the prizes to the successful students who numbered 50. The prizes consisted of books upon travel, science, etc. The following were the prize winners : s'econd prizes, Elizabeth Basketer, Robert Carpenter, Harry Gibson. Joseph Gibson, Annie Houghton. Emily flonehton, Herbert Johnson, Lilian Lawrence. Walter Needham, Frank Owen, Arthur Pen- nington, Flareld Pennington, Thomas • Seed, Albert Spruce, Wm. Warburton. John Wilcox, Rueben Haigh ; second prize and certificate. The following were awsrded certificates : W. R. Barnes, Francis Herbert Cooper, John L. Hawthorn, F. J. MeGartv, Edward Summerfield, Edith Warburton. The follow- ing carried off first prizes :—Annie Arnold, Jos. Callon, Robert Critchley, James Giffin, Annie Gorst, Thomas Hague, Lily Hall, Florence Jenks, Lily B. Jennings, Edwin Mills, George Perdue,Walter SuttoneEether Chad- wick, Thomas Harding, Isaac Chadwick, John Hill,John Le s eker Catherine Prior, George Barnes, Bertha London. Annie Basketer, Ella London, Joseph Barton. Marshall Gandy, Themes Gandy, Thomas Longehaw, Edith Gill, Herbert Green, Sarah Horrobin, Florence McCarthy, Susan Penny, Wm. Parker. and Harry Carpenter. Some of the last-named were also awarded certificates and Prize money. After the distribution of prizes, Councillor KW. Monks gave R very interesting account of his. travels in India, illustrating it by lantern views. At the close of the meeting P hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Morris and Councillor F. W. Monks, for their services that evening, after which the proceedings terminated. The Technical Instruction Committee are looking forward to a very successful season, and the results thus far justly entitle tnem to do so, for at the opening night almost double the number joined compared with the opening night of last year.

OUR LOCAL CHURCHES-WARRINGTON.

BOLD-ST.REET WESLEYAN CHAPEL.

On Sunday afternoon the usual Sunday afternoon ser- vice for the people, at the above chapel was con- ducted by the Rev. J. Kirtlan. An excellent address was given by Mr. W. Brough, and two oboe solos entitled "Behold and See," and "Thou didst not ave," (Handel), were also contributed by Mr. Thomas Ward. There was a large orchestra which did exceed- ingly well. The attendance was also very good.

THINGS HEARD AND SEEN

===== 0002601_18940922_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
CHEAP CORN.

At Spalding, which is the centre of an important corn-growing district, the prices for new corn were on Tuesday such as have not been known for a long period of years. For the finest wheat net more than 20s. ner quarter could be obtained. Many lots sold at 18s., whilst for rough samples the highest offer was 17s. Mer- chants described the trade as in a state of collapse. Oats were equally low-13s. to 16s. per quarter, and barley only made 18s. to 255. All round prices are most dis- heartening to growers, and the yield does not come up to expectations.

The largest" loran "or swaying stone is at Penims. Sicily. It weighs about three hundred and thirteen tons, and is so nicely balanced that a man can easily put it in motion.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
HILL CLIFFE CHAPEL.

The annual autumnal services in connection with the above place of worship took place on Sunday. The Rev. A. E. Greening was the preacher both morning and even- ing. In the afternoon the rev, gentleman's text was taken from the words "Behold I have graven thee upon the palms of my hands." An excellent sermon was preached in the evening from the words" As Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness even so shall the Son of man be lifted up." There were very good congregations at both services, and the collections realised £2O Bs. 6d.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
WYCLIFFE P.S.A. SOCIETY.

The usual weekly meeting of this society was held on Sunday afternoon. The Chairman was Mr. Healey, of arrington, who referred to the benefit he had derived from attendance at those P.S.A. meetings. He also urged upon young men to abstain from intcxicating drink.—Mr. Allen, of Lymm, delivered the address for the afternoon, speaking of the need of sympathy, and of Jesus Christ being able to supply the want.—The Rev. J. Yonge stated that the membership of the society was 1.015. He was glad a similar movement had been started in the town. There was no need of being afraid of one another in that movement. They wished the new society every success.—Mr. R. H. Pearson admirably rendered a violin solo. The accompanist was Mr. W. H. Payton. Messrs. F. Birch and J. Hawthorn al o took part in the meeting.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
THE REV. J. W. VARLEY'S CALL.

On Sunday night at the Baptish Chapel, Latchford, the Rev. J. W. Varley, pastor, informed his congregation that he had decided to accept the call from the Baptist Church at St. Anne's-on-the-Sea. De said that a fort- night ago he promised to make a further statement in connection with his position as pastor of that church. He had done his best to come to what he trusted was a right decision. He had asked himself the question,w hat was the will of God concerning his position as pastor of that church? He had tried to look at the circumstances .on both sides. On the one side there had been a people there with whom he had laboured so many years, and laboured as he believed with some degree of success. He had no hesitation in saying as he came to contem- plate the various members of that church that in his difficult position he had their complete sympathy, and had also •no hesitation in thinking that his ministry amongst them had been one that had been honoured by the fruitful ingathering of very many precious souls. When be came to look on the other side it seemed to him a distinct call of God. Well, he had to give them hip decision—a decision which would give pain and dis- appointment to the people belonging to that place—he considered that it was his duty to go. He asked them not to forget that the field of God was the world, and that if they were working in one part of his vineyard,he also would be working in another part, and he prayed that when he should leave the ministry in that place that God would send to them some brother that should do His work much more effectually than he had done. He had decided that that day five weeks he should close his ministry at that church.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RECTOR AND ROMAN CATHOLICISM.

The Rector (Rev. F. W. Willis) selected as his text the words "One body, one faith," Ephesians iv., 4 and 5, at his sermon at the Parish Church on Sun- day evening. Be said that they would know this was Ember week, one of the weeks appointed by the Church for praying and fasting for those about to be ordained. In view of that, and in view of the utter- ances which had lately been made in the neighbourhood —utterances which he thought bad surprised and shocked and disgusted all intelligent and instructed English Churchmen—he should make no apology for speaking as strongly as possible on those words. Referring to the various definitions of the" one body," he said the Non- conformist view was that the one body consisted of all who loved the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity. That was a. beautiful definition but it was modern, it was unnat- ural because it took no view of the body, and it was unscriptura.l. Then the Roman view was that the body consisted of all those who were in union with, and in obedience to, the Pope. First of all, that view was opposed to the whole of the Eastern Church, which held that the chief heresy was the Papacy. Secondly, it was unscriptural. They knew that the basis given by the Romans was founded on St. Matthew xvi., 18, " And I say also unto thee, that thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church," but he asked if it had never struck them as being worth noticing, that whereas 20 Fathers were in favour of the Roman view, yet they themselves were divided, and 40 Fathers were against it. The Apostolic and Scriptural view was that the one body consisted of the whole company of the baptised, that was those living and departed, and that the only one head of the Church was Christ. In this Epistle, if not before, St. Paul realised the grandeur of this—one Lord, one faith, one baptism, one Father of us all, and consist- ently with this he held the view which they held, of various branches, as for instance the branch of the Church of Corinth or the Church of Rome. So, in accordance with such teaching,they held that the Church in this country was the Natiisnal Church and a branch of the one Holy Catholic Church. He pointed out that a branch of this Catholic Church was founded in this country at the end of the first century. Whether its origin was from the east or the west they could not say with certainty. The liturgies pointed to an eastern origin, but the map would point to a western origin, while the natural communication would be from Jerusalem, through Rome, across the Continent. There was a cessation of intercommunion between the Church of this country and the Continent and the east and west for 150 years, that was from 450 to 600. Then in 600, with the coming of Augustine was reunion again, and a continuation of that union for a thousand years, till the years 1531 and 1534, and during that time arose the idea of the Papal supremacy. There was a final breach in the years 1531 and 1534. There was an utter rejection of the idea of Papal supremacy, and there was the un- fortunate concession of the clergy, putting Henry VIII. in the position of head upon earth,but with a reservation in favour of Christ so far as the law of Christ per- mitted. When Mary came to the throne in 1553, she deposed the bishops of Henry's reign and Edward's reign who preceded her—deposed them without any authority for it. When Queen Elizabeth came to the throne in 1559, the first great event of the Church was the consecration of Archbishop Parker by the bishops who had been deprived by Mary. They were true bishops,but they were without sees,hav- ing been deprived by Mary. Turning to the ques- tion of one faith, the Rector said there were certain doc- trines which he wished to speak to them particularly about. There were doctrines which were common to

Nonconformists. Romans and themselves, as for instance the Trinity, Incarnation, the atonement, the divinity and personality of the Holy Ghost. There were other doctrines which were distinctively Roman, as for in- stance, the assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary, the Immaculate conception, the Papal sapremacy,and Papal infallibility. These were distinctly Roman and not Catholic. Then there were certain other Catholic doctrines which were not understood and not appreciated by many who called them- selves Churchmen, as for instance—and he noticed it because this was Ember week—the ministry, the ordina- tion of the Priesthood. It might be said that, the word priest was simply a contracti,an and shortening of the word presbyters. So it was, but their authority as priests did not depend upon that, but upon their Lord. The Rector proceeded to explain the nature of the true Catholic doctrines, and in closing urged them, as it was Ember week, to consider carefully during the week the creeds and the Catechism and the Ordinal, and pray to God for those about to be ordained.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
REVIS[ON COURT.

WIDNES.

On Monday morning, at Widnes Revision Court, held at the Town -Hall, before Mr. J. T. Foard, barrister-at- law, Mr. H. B. Shores (Liberal agent) again referred to the vote of Mr. T. Sutton Timmis, J. P., who was struck off the list on Saturday, and asked his Honour to permit him to recapitulate the circumstances of the case, as possibly his Honour might have overlooked some of the points. He stated that Alderman Gossage, J.P., Mayor of Widnes (whose vote was allowed, as Mr. Madge. Con- servative agent, on public grounds, did not object to ' him), and Mr. Timmis formerly owned and occupied the Widnes Soapworks, trading as William Gossage and Sons. On the 24th May last the firm was transformed into a limited liability company. Since thattime Alder- man Gossage and Mr. Timmis had occupied a private office, No. 115, Waterloo-road, which they rented from the company. It was before a shed in the yard of the works, and was owned and occupied by them. Conse- quently he contended that this constituted successive occupation, and the gentlemen were entitled to burgess votes. The Barrister again ruled that they were not, and as thi, was simply a question of fact he declined to give Mr. Snores permission to appeal against his decision. Mr. Shores then asked for permission to appeal on the ground that the Conservative agent had withdrawn the objection, but his Honour said that the notice was not legal, only being given on the 14th inst., consequently in law there had been no withdrawal,and on that ground also he refused permission to appeal.—Mr. Shores said he had put in a statement as that he could ask the higher court to grant an appeal. All the cases which had been objected to by the assist- ant overseer upon the ground that the claimants had received poor relief, and which upon the application of Mr. Shores had been left over until the evidence of the relieving officer could be obtained, were re-investigated, and in all but one instance the objections failed and the claimants, all of whom were Liberals, were allowed their votes. _ _ _

. —... Out of 542 objections made by the Liberals, over 500 have been sustained, and the total costs they have paid for having frivolously objected amount to half-a-crown.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
1111111111

AIM

MEW

===== 0002601_18940922_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
AT WA.RRINGION.

A rather peculiar incident occurred on Friday morning at the Police Court. As is the custom when the business of the court is over, the Magis- trates' Clerk called out "Any applications to the magistrates ?" As there were none, the court was cleared, and the doors closed, it proved, however, that all the business had not been transact Ad. A well-known tradesman was brought before the magistrates in private and dealt with. Ido not, of course, wish that all the private affairs of everyone should be published to the world, but it is grossly unfair in a court of justice above all places, that fish should be made of one and flesh of another.

No fewer than ten youths were dealt with at the Borough Court on Monday morning for gambling with cards. There can be no doubt that this per- nicious habit is on the increase amongst Warring- ton youths, especially among the poorer classes. The chance of gain tempts them, to risk their coppers freely, and as they usually choose to follow their game oi chance, in the open-air, they very ot ten come under the vigilant eye of the police. The magistrates en Monday seemed determined to check the nabit,and fined one of the youtbs,whom they con- sidered a ringleader, 40s. and costs or in default one month's imprisonment. Whether this will have a salutary effect remains to be seen.

A verdict of" Wilful murder," is of sufficiently rare occurrence near Warrington,to call for remark. At the same time, Mr. Editor, I think that the ver- dict to this effect passed at Grappenhall, at the inquest upon the body of a child which was found in the river Mergey, is to say the least, uncalled for. "Found dead" would have been a much more sensible verdict. Granted that a wire was wound round the body of the child, and that a weight was also attached to it, there was not a particle of evi- dence to prove that the child had ever lived, and therefore the verdict falls to the ground immedi- ately. Possibly, in the present case, the verdict will not make the slightest difference to anybody, for it is very improbable that it will ever be dis- covered who put the body into the river.

Councillor Woods has an especial grievance against the Warrington gas, and he takes every opportunity of endeavouring to prove that it is very bad, aud. totally unfit as an illuminant. He can now congratulate himself upon finding a supporter in a very unexpected quarter, in the person of Mr. J. T. Foatd, the revising barrister. This gentleman was engaged in his duties at the Town Hall from six o'clock to a little atter seven on Monday evening, and, of course, he required the gas. At the close of the sitting, Mr. Hampson made a remark about the gas to which Mr. Foard replied that it was very poor indeed. Mr. Foard cannot be considered to be in any way biassed in the matter,for he is a stranger in the town, and what he said was simply in reply to a casual remark. Councillor Woods will, no doubt, return to the attack with renewed vigour at the earliest possible chance.

The Wesleyans at Bold-street are following in the wake of several other religious bodies in the town, and they are now holding" Sunday afternoon ser- vices for the people." The first meeting was distinctly encouraging, for the body of the large chapel was filled. Provided they continue as they are advertised, namely " bright and brotherly," they should become as great a power in the town as the Wycliffe P.S.A., which I notice has now enrolled over 1,000 members. The Bold-street chapel movement differs in one respect, and I think to its advantage. Ladies as well as gentlemen are allowed to be present at eve ry service, so that the singing especially is a decided improvement upon that in which there are only male voices.

The revision this year has been unusually quiet. In fact with the exception of that relating to Coun- cillor Muir's vote, scarcely any cases were of public interest. The proceedings were very tame indeed. Some amusement was caused by a number of claim- ants asking for their expenses for loss of time in coming to claim their votes. Some of them were quite indignant when the Revising Barrister ex- plained to them that he had no power to allow their expenses except when their votes were objected to. One man in particular, appeared to suffer from a strong sense of injury, and he said that nobody should have his vote. The British constitution will surely fall to pieces after this. This man was not alone in his indigation however, for a member of the fair sex also expressed her intention of claim- ing no more votes. The two political parties do not intend, I understand, to give any list of gains and losses, a course which they have adopted for the past six years. Ido not think that the tables usually given are of the slightest use, for I have noticed in some boroughs that the Liberals and Conservatives have puhlisned lists which com- pletely stultified each other. The agreement of the two parties in Warrington is therefore a very good one.

MERLIN.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS.

Though little more than a month now remains before the annual municipal elections take place, there is very slight interest being taken in them by the Warrington public. Neither Liberals nor Con- servatives have as yet made any move in the direc- tion of securing candidates, other than the retiring councillors for the nine seats which will become vacant on November Ist. The Trades Council appears to be first in the field, as they have selected Mr. James Battersby, the defeated candidate for the Howley, as the Lab Dar candidate for the Whitecross ward. There is, however, plenty of time for fresh developments before the polling day. Another point of interest will also arise this year. Mr. Muir will cease to be a burgess on November Ist, and it is therefore probable that two councillors will be required for the St. Austin's ward, as Coun- cillor J. Fairclough also retires by rotation. The following are the retiring councillors for the various wards this year : Town Hall Ward Whitecross Ward Mr. G. Plumpton. Bewsey Ward Mr. F. Flood. Orford Ward . Mr. J. Baird. St. John's Ward Mr. J. Garner. Fairfield Ward. Howley Ward St. Austin's Ward Mr. J. Fairclough. Latchford TRADES COUNCIL CINDIDATES.

A special meeting of the Warrington Trades and Labour Council, was held on Tuesday at the Horse- market-street Cocoa Rooms to take into considera- tion the forthcoming elections both for the Board of Guardians and the Town Council. A discussion arose upon the advisability of contesting one or more of the wards in November next and it was ultimately decided thnt three of the wards be con- tested by candidates selected by the Trades Council; that Mr. T. B. Malkin (president). and Mr. A. Lang be the candidates for the Bewsey ward and St. John's ward respectively for the Board of Guardians, and that Mr. J. Battersby be candidate for the Whitecross ward for the Town Council.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
" TOMMY " BURNS BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

" T.4mmy "Burns, the champion diver, was brought before Mr. J. Makinson, the stinendary magistrate at the Salford Policerourt,on Friday morning week, charged with causing an obstruction of the public thoroughfare. Chief Detective-inspector Lyogue said that a public announcement was made that the defendant would dive from Trafford Road Bridge into the Ship Canal about one o'clock on Thursday afternoon. About 1.15 a cab drove up to the bridge followed by a large crowd, who cheered. Inspector Wood stopped the cab, and asked if Burns was in. He was told he was not, and the cab, which was evidently a decoy, was allowed to pass. Im- mediately afterwards defendant drove up in a fish cart, dressed as a fish wife. (Laughter.) He was arrested,and afterwards liberated on bail, thus being able to fill his "engagement "at a music-hall in Manchester. Evidence having been given defendant's manager asked permission to say a few words.—The Stipendary : How do you manage him ? (Laughter.) Manager : I am his business manager, and introduce him on the stage. Witness ex- hibited a shield on which were pinned the medals "Tommy "had had awarded by the Royal Humane Society. He further said the defendant had saved 42 lives, and that he intended to dive from Trafford Road Bridge, not with the idea of creating sensation, but to show that a high dive could be done when it was Inecessary for the purpose of saving life.—Defendant was fined Ws. and costs or 14 days' imprisonment. The fine was paid.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
THE STRANGE DEATH OF A WIDNES

WOMAN.

MAGISTERIAL PROCEEDINGS.

William Allen, aged 45, was brought up at the Widnes Police Court, on Monday, charged on sus- picion with causing the death of his wife. The pre- siding magistrate was Alderman Timmis, Superintendent Keighley said the prisoner was charged on suspicion with causing the death of his wife sotne time between 8 30 on Friday night and 2.15 on Saturday afternoon. The prisoner appeared to have married the deceased woman some two years ago, and they lived very unhappily during that time. About eight months ago he left her, and he made some weekly allowance to her. When the prisoner got home to his lodgings about two o'clock on Saturday afternoon he asked his landlady if his wife had been for her weekly money. The land- lady told prisoner she had not, and he said that before he had his dinner he would take her the usual allowance. He went out to his wife's house,where he found his wife lying on the floor. He then went into a neighbour's ' house and called a woman into the house to see what 1 state his wife was in. The woman went in and saw the I deceased lying on the floor. She took hold of her hand, and finding it cold told the prisoner his wife was dead The prisoner then said she ought to have been dead long. ago. The woman told the prisoner to go for a police- man, and he appeared to have gone to his brother, who I brought in the police. The deceased woman appeared I to have gone home about 9.30 on Friday night, and sent I her little girl, aged eight, who appeared to be a very intelligent child, to the vaults at the corner of Church•street for some beer. The child would only be away a few minutes, and she left her mother sitting on the sofa in the kitchen, but when she came back she found her mother lying on the floor. The little girl then went to an aunt's house in West-street.and asked her aunt to go back with her to Dock-street. The aunt replied that she was getting some supper ready, and cculd not go then. The child wanted to stay the night at this aunt's house, but she was sent to the house of another aunt in the neighbourhood. On her way there she met the prisoner coming from the di- rection of his wife's house in Dock-street, and going in the direction of his lodgings. Therefore, if this was a case of murder or mans aughter it was committed between nine and half-past on Friday night. The prisoner was there (the police court) s)me eight months ago, and had been there several times before,and had threatened what he would do for his wife.

In reply to a question from the bench, Superintendent Keighley said the girl he had referred to had never been home between half-past nine on Friday night until the dead body of her mother was found on the Saturday afternoon, but, strange to say, there was a young child, a boy aged two years, who was in the house all the Fri- day night, and who was noticed playing about on the Saturday morning. No one had seen anything of the deceased after she had returned on the Friday night.

Dr. Hutchinson said that he was called to the house 90, Dock-street, at two minutes to three on Saturday afternoon. He examined the deceased externally, and found a number of bruises on her. She was bruised about the arms and body, and also about the head,while one of her ribs on the right side was fractured. There was an abrasion two inches long under the skin. There were bruises on the left cheek and on the right breast. Some ashes were discovered on the thumb and back of the right hand. Witness could not at present say de- finitely what was the cause of death, but his opinion was that it had been caused by'violence. The young daughter of the deceased, Dorothy, was then called, but not sworn. She said the prisoner was her stepfather. She saw her mother in the house on Friday night at nearly half past nine. She sent witness for a gill of beer to the vaults. Witness would not be away more than five minutes. When she went out her mother was sitting on the sofa, but when she returned her mother was lying on the floor. Witness got hold of her mother's hand, and found that it was cold. She then went to her aunt's house in West-street. She did not tell her aunt about her mother lying on the floor,but asked her if she would come to her mother's house. Her aunt was getting some supper ready. The witness here became very nervouseand the magistrate said bethought sufficient evidence had been given to justify a re- mand.

Superintendent Keighley said he wanted to make fur- ther inquiries, and asked that the prisoner be remanded to the cells instead of Walton Jail until Thursday next. This application was granted. INQUEST AND VERDICT. Mr. Brighouse on Tuesday, opened an inquest at Wid- nes on the body of Jane Allen, of 90, Dock-street, who was found dead on Saturday. William Allen, labourer, the woman's husband, was on Monday remanded at Widnes Police Court on suspicion of causing her death, and was present in custody. Mr. J. W. Knowles, solici- tor. appeared for Allen. Evidence was given to the effect that Allen and his wife had separated owing to the latter's indulgence in drink. Dorothy Morris,aged eight years, daughter of the woman, said she told no one on the Friday or S tturday about finding her mother on the floor on returning from the publichouse. Her little brether two years old, was sitting on the sofa when she went out and when she returned. Superintendent Keighley said the child must have been there all night, as it had picked rind eaten the middle out of a loaf. Dr. Hutchinson said he and Dr. O'Keefe made a post-mortem examination on Monday. The cause of death was viol- ence. The violence to the head and chest was sufficient to cause death. A fall could not have caused all the injuries. Thomas Allen, prisoner's nephew, stated that he was with the accused at the Main Top public-house from eight o'clock until nine, and evidence was also given that the prisoner returned to his lodging at half - past nine o'clock perfectly sober. The Coroner said that unless there was some further evidence to connect the prisoner with the death than they had at present, even if the woman died from the injuries received at some one's hand, they could not send the man for trial on the present evidence. It would be unfair. After further police evidence, the prisoner, William Allen, having been cautioned by the coroner,was called by Mr. Knowles, and after being sworn, he gave account of his movements en the Friday night. He was in the Main Top public-house until nine o'clock, and then he took a friend home. It was after this he was seen in Oates- street. He went straight home, had his supper,and went to bed at ten o'clock. He was not at his wife's house at all on the Friday night, nor did he see her that day. The hist time he saw his wife alive was on Thursday. The Coroner, in summing up, said he did not think the jury could come to any other conclusion than that the woman died from violence, but he could net see how they could from the evidence say that the violence was caused by the prisoner. Their proper verdict he thought was that the woman died from violence, but how that was caused there was no evidence to show. The jury, after an absence of seven minutes' duration, returned an open verdict. After the inquest the prisoner was taken before a magistrate and discharged.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
RATS FEASTING ON MUSIC.

At the Marylebone County Court on Monday, before Judge Stoner and a jury, the case was beard of Willis v. Norris, which was a claim for damage alleged to have be done to plaintiff's geods by rats while being ware- housed at the defendant's repository at Harrow-road. The plaintiff is the mother of Miss Blanche Wolseley, a member of Mr. D'Ovly Carte's Opera Company, and in examination by Mr. Colain stated that in 1890 her daughter entered upon a touring engagment in the north of England, in consequence of which the witness, who was to accompany her, decided to warehouse certain household goods with the defentant. Amongst them was a packing case full of opera and other music, which was covered and securely bound with cord. Miss Wolseley's theatrical engagement did not terminate until February this year, and during the interval the plaintiff paid £2O for warehousing the goads. The goods were sent home, and on the following afternoon Miss Wolseley and some friends commenced to unpack the goods in order to find the music of" The Bohemian Girl." While the unpack- ing was proceeding six large rat, to the horror of the ladies present, jumped out. The witness dragged the packing case into the garden and a young man jumped over the wall and killed the rats with a stick. When the packing case was further examined it was discovered that " The Bohemian Girl " and a quantity of other music had been devoured by the rats, while other pro- perty had been destroyed. The jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff, damages £lO, and the learned judge gave costs on the higher scale.

Mr. Frank Smith, who recently contested the Atter- cliffe division of Sheffield, was on Tuesday night selected as the Labour candidate for the Tradeston division of

Glasgow.

WORTH KNOWING.—WOOPEND'S FAMOUS NINE OILS. is a boon to sufferers and acts like magic in all cases of RHEUMATISM, SPRAINS, BRUISES, and STIFF JOINTS. Price Is. 4d. per bottle, carriage paid.—J.WooDrain. chemist, 22. Pitt-street, Liverpool.—Advt.

Mr. Elliott Lees, formerly member of Parliament for Oldham, was on Tuesday chosen as the Conservative candidate for Birkenhead. The Liberal candidate is Mr. W. H. Lever.

"CADBURY'S COCOA. has in a remarkable degree those natural elements of sustenance which give the system endurance and hardihood, building up muscle and bodily vigour with a steady action that renders it a most reliable and acceptable bevel age."—Health.

If two tuning forks of the same pitch are placed facing each other, the one sounding, and the other silent, in a few seconds the silent one will be giving out a di:+tinctly audible note.

THE WATERBURY IN SOLID GOLD, £6 15s. Quick, wind, equal to 20 guinea chronometer, or in gold-filled. sterling silver, or nickel case, from 10s. 6d. to 112 s. All patterns and sizes. Illustrated catalogues post free.— WATEnnuny, 7, Snow Hill, London.—. Advt. (2)

A new carriage, built for the German Emperor, is provided with electric lamps,which contain some accumulators. One is placed on the breast of each horse, also on the point of the pole of the carriage, at the sides, and at the rear of the vehicle. Thus distributed, they will make the route at night as light as at noonday for a distance of about fifty paces from the equipage, while the vehicle itself with its Imperial occupants, will remain in perfect darkness.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
ILCTHE endeavour to bring by careful Cut and Good Workmanship, the READY- MADE as near as possible to the Standaird of MEASURE ORDER GOODS. 1 / GENT'S Black & Blue SUITS ...S 9ir- TO 50/-- COATS & VESTS, 19/6 TO 40/- TROUSERS, 7/6 TO 18/-

In Fast-Dy d Vicunas, SergPs, and the Latest Worsted Twills, Corkscrews, bound Real Mohair Braid. As SINGES will be a leadin feature this Season, The M. C D , have made a splenaid and varied collection of these goods.

'NOTWITHSTANDING the introduction of New Styles in JtiVENILB CLOTHING the have Y o hesitation in saying that for M.C. D., Boys to the age of 10 years, the Norfolk ani SAiior Suit, will take prezedence. Soeci4l attention has been given to thes.l two styles, and tbey are being shewn in a large and Pleasing Variety of SCO I'CR and IRISH TWBRDS, WORSTBDS,VIL:UNAS. & SBRGBS.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
BOYS' SAILOR SUITS,

With Flannel Front, Lanyard and Whistle, Badge and extra Linen Collar. complete, •

3/11 TO 18/- LORD BROS.'

SUMMER .SALE!

Is NOW ON.

LORD BROS.', 198 BRIDGE STREET,

WARRINGTON.

AIA.NCHESTER

TAILORING AND CLOTHING DEPOT. THE Proprietors of THE M.C.D•ft have always endeavoured to give the BEST POSSIBLE VALUE THAT CAN I3E OBTAINED FOR CASH. Transa ting business on a LEVIATHAN SCALE. combined with gre tt experience of the W ,ollen and Tailoring Trade. they are in a position to offer altogether EXCEPTIONAL advantages to the PUBLIC.

TH it SHOWROOMS at THE M.C. I)., are fully stocked with an amazing variety of NEWEST GOODS for the SEASON, and the Proprietors feel sure an inspection (which is cordi-tllv invited,) will aff ,rd convincing proor, that for SMARTLY CUT, GOOD- FITTING GAHM IiiNTS. The M.O.D. are PEE-EMINENT. 8 k 10 H 5 HORSE MARKET STREET,

===== 0002601_18940922_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

T H E READY-MADE DEPARTMENT contains an enormous Stock of the New- est and Most Fashionable Goo -is in specially selected CLOTHS, at astonishingly low prices.

GENT'S TWEED SUITS, FROM 18/6 TO 45/ lIROUSERS, 6/6 TO 13/6

In all the newest patterns of Scotch, Irish, West of Eng- land, and Yorkshire Cloths. A Choice Selection of [weed Checks, Stripes, and Fancies Bannockbur .s, Cheviots, Saxouies, Homespun', amd the newest Twe,d and Fancy Worsted stripe Trouseringv. always in tock.

BY R' NORFOLK SUITS,

With Full or Loose Bottom Knickers,

9/- TO 19/6

THE 1-• C• D., SYSTEM of conduct- ing business caonot fail to recommend itself to those detdrons of contributing a share of their patronage. All Goods are marked in plain figures. Special Orders can be executed in three days.

BOYS' RUGBY SUITS, With Loose or Full Bottom Knickers.

7/6 TO 21/- BOYS' TWEED FANCY SUITS

In a variety of Styles for hard wear,

4/9 TO 15/-

In Worsteds, Vicunas and Serges for best wear,

0/11 TO 21/-

BOYS' DOUBLE-BREASTED

REEFER SUITS, With Loose or Full Bottom Knickers.

7/6 TO 2U & 10, HORSEM ARKET STREET,

WARRINGTON.

TEETIL—C. JORDAN AND SON, OLD ESTAB- LISHED S'URGEON DENTISTS. 80, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL. A CO%IPLE E SET, 15-. Single Tooth 2a.; Stopping with Enamel. 2s. ; ditto Gold, 5. Five years' warranty. Highly recommended by C. JORDAN, L.D.S., Royal College of Surgeons. Made in a few hours without extracting old teeth or stumps. Dr. NEVILLE says :—I can with. ev,ry confi&nce recom mend them. From the Rev. FATHER NUGENT To Messrs C. Jordan af.d Son. Dear Sirs,—Having had oecasion to consul you several times during the past few years. allow me to bear testimony to the highly professional, skilful, and humane treatment I have received from vosi as a dentist, and to assure you that you have always given me entire satisfaction.—l remain, dear Sirs, yours faithfuny. J. P. NUGENT. From the Rev. JAMBI KELLY, M.A. : Dear Sir,—l have much pleasure in testifying to your professional carefulness and skill as a dentist, of which I have had experience for now many years.—Believe me. yours faithfully, JAMES KELLY. M.A., Incumbent of St George's Church, Castle-street, Liverpool. Specimens may be seen. Consultat•ons Free. 10 to 7. 80, BOLD-STIIEET (f ecv doors above Slater-street) Liverpool.

TENTS ON HIRE. J. LANGDON & SON, TENT MANUFACTURERS AND GOVERNMENT CONTEA,'TORS. Have 1,000 TENTS, B 1)3, BLANKETS, &T., of eve-y size n.l description, ON HIKE. ar marvellously low rates, WAREHOUSE 2 To 8, NE.LSON-STREET (Corner of Duke-st ) LIVERPOOL. ARGB Single GIPSY or d'Abri, 151 t. by 131 t. These are 1J durable a dwell-made tents, quite new, very handsomely lined, making complete double tent; this ensures the requisite ventilation and protection from weather; price P... 5 10s. to £6 10s. complete; all poles, pegs, ropes, ; Cost £l5; or on hire. L•NGDON and SoNs.

MARQUEE TENTS, magnificent condition, quite equal to new, with wills, and complete with gus s pegs, Ste., AC., 6ft. by tiff., £2 6s. ; 16tt. by Bft.. £5 10s. ; 32ft. by 161 t.. £lO 108. ; 43ft. by 16f,., £l7 10s. ;or on hire. LANGDON.S.

IVAVY SERGE,—" Indigo Blue," as supplied to the Ii Huglish Navy. Best material ever manufactured for ladies' and children's wear; 31 inches wide, Is sd. per yard. Army Grey Government Shirtinz and Flannel, lqd. and is. 2d. per yard. Navy White Flannel, is. Id. per yard, J. LINGDON and SOWS.

WATERPROOPS.—These C-lebrated Gentlemen's Regu- lation Invernesses and Coats, with or without rapes, latest fashioneble cut, guaranteed waterproof and fast colours, sewn-seams and eich seam lined, perfect ventilation, with or Without velvet coll irs. are wi hoot question the most perfect Macintoch ever manufacted. Price, any size, 255. 6d. ; usually sold at 655. No one should purchase a Macintosh until they have inspected these. Thousands of references. J. LiNGDON and Sorra, Government Con tractors, corner Mike-street and Nelson-street, Liverpool. Telephone 2,106. N.B.—Country customers need °lily send height and chest measnre. Pit guaranteed.

GOVERNIVNNT DISPLACED HARNESS AND SAD- DLERY.—Cart ;:addles complete. 14s. 64.; riding saddles. 12s. 64., 18s. 64.. 215.; backbands with tugs, Bs. 64,; collars, Bs. 64. ; breechings. 6s. 6d. ; cruppers, Is. 6d. ; head- stalls, 2s. and 2s. 64.; whips or dr.ving gloves, is.; rollers, Is. 64. ; double-reined bridles, 48. 64. : spurs, is ; traces, 6s. per pair. Post orders or cheques to J. LLSGDON and SONS, Contractors, 2 to 8, Nelson-street (corner of Duke- street), also at 116, Richmond-row, Liverpool. Telephone 2,106.

HE POOR MAN'S FRIEND.

SKIN DISEASES. THIS INVALUABL paredOlN ab 713 NGT. L( a.s ROBERTS.original l ym .pDre : SKIN DISEASES. ) E Is an unfailing remedy for wotmda SKIN DISEASES. of every description. Scorbutic, Eruptions, Burns, Inflamed Byes, 'Lc. SKIN DISEASES. --- SKIN DISEASES. DR. ROBERTS' ALTERATIVE FILLS, sKIN DISEASES. For the BLOOD and SKIN, are very effectual in the cure of that form of skin disease which SKIN DISEASES. shows itself in painful cracks in the skin and scaly diseases. QKIN DISEASES. Sold at Is. flu. 2s. 9d., by the Pro- L prietors, Bridport,aud by Chemists

===== 0002601_18940922_art0049.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,• • -

===== 0002601_18940922_art0050.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
. , .4 ,

aikelaN

===== 0002601_18940922_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
Ebt Craminer " Otrtts.

07? LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS COmpriers THE Ararrington and Afia'-Citealeire Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday morning. THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. HE Runcorn Examiner, published every Friday afternoon ; and THE Widnes Examiner, published every Friday .A. afternoon.

-- PREPAID A.DVERTISEMENTS. <toning under the following heads are inserted in ALL the above-mentioned Papers for ONE CHARGE, as per scale given below. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET. SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTNERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS WANTED, MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT, MISCELLANEOUS WANTS, HOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. One Three Six Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 64 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT Only. No Adver- tisement inserted on credit under 2s. per insertion. ___--------------

===== 0002601_18940922_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
I}3omvatt Orrbants,

GENCT FOR SERVANTS.—Mrs. MAS,TIN ~ 4. Kenmure- place, Garstang-road. Preston

GIRL.--Strong Girl, from 16 to 18. WANTED. from the country preferred.—Nirs. WOODHELD, 83, West-street, Orewe.

QIIRVANTS.—LadiPs requiring g-od Servants, and Servants Situations should apply Mrs. GLOVER, 2, Park-st., Castle arthwich.

MISS ALVAREZ, The City Registry, 3, Bold-place Liver- pool. requires country Girls, as General Servants ; no charge until enuaged.

GENERAL SERVANT (good) WANTED. age 20 to 22; to assist in waaling.—Apply Mrs. HUMPHRIES. Crewe 0-teen-road. Crewe.

Qt IT UATION WANTFID. as FIOLTSRAIAID in large establsh- -1.0 ment, tall. experienced, age 26.—Address, E. G., Gunley Hall, Chirbury, Salop.

.1111111 COUNTY REGISTRY OFFICE, 16, Dogpole,Shrews- bwy.—Parlourmaids. Housemaids, and good Geueral fiervanta required at once.

LADIES can meet good SERVANTS, and Servants with places by writing SELECT REoisTR,Y, 32. Clifford-st., Oxford-rd., Manchester.

GOOD General Servants, Cook. and Kitchenmaid WANTED at once.—Apply M. MILES' Registry, 5, Carlisle Ter- race, M6nningham, Bradford. ---------_ \AT-ANTED, a SITUATION as Groom or Groom-coachman, l' can ride and drive well —Address Wm. MEADOWS, Ltysygra g, Ystrad, Rhondda, Glam

fIENERALS, Housemaids. Nurses, !cc., WANTED, good N...! Situations : write Mrs. GOSTILLER. 86, Brainerd-st., ruebrook. Liverpool. No charge till suited.

WANTED, siruATION as Upper Housemaid, where Waitress is kept. Good rr fereuces, age 25.—Address, B. ear Congleton. HAKE, Black Bull, n

S— ITCATION WkNTED, as Working Housekeeper, good references. middle-aged pes.- Address, Mrs. PRICE. care of Mrs. Edwards, Fairc ough-st., Earlestown.

COACH nAS WANTS SITUATION, married, age 39, good references, 8 years present situation, five years pre- vious.—S. WOOD, LleiniOg Castle, Beaumari,, Anglesey.

QITUATION WANTED as 'Under GROOM or under a 10 coachman; age 19 ; 2 years last situnt on. Apply J. W. FowLER No. 1, Exley's Buildings, Trinity-St.,Gainaborough.

"WANTED, a thoroughly good GENERAL SERVANT, age 25 ;_tru?tvrorthv pinin cuok with good refen-nces.— AnolV to Mrs. GRAY, `.476, Picton-rt,ad, Wavertree, Liverpool.

• • - - - - - - Coachman good er references WAINE Head ua ei4rSooitm;tisoten as Groom sinoleorp married; age 34.—Address T. BISHOP, 9, Whitburn Place, Tlritignorth.

g `IOOK.—WANTED. good Plain COOK (well recom- k.) mended); Churchwoman (abstainer preferred); good wages; corr.fortabe place.—Mrs. A. SYMONDS. bt. Thomas's Rectory, Stockport.

NUR-,EM AI D WANTED. Respectable young girl as above in Catholic tamily ; three children; good references in- dispensable; wai es £B.—Address S., 23, Fox-road, West Bridgford, Nottingham.

NILrA 'TRES WANIED, must understand her duties. V English and Protestant state wages and all particu- lars.—A.ddress Mrs. HARDWICK, Woodheys Park, Ashton-on- Ilersey, near Manchester. NURSE WANTED, for country pl.rishes, age 35 45; widow preferred; wilting to be trained on " Holt-uckley System ; " excellent references require(l.—Apply, Mrs. It. HOWARD, Broughton Hall, Malpas, Cheshire.

4-11}10 ROUGH LY experienced and Good Plain Cooks, Generals,Nurses,and Housemaids WANTRD AT ONCE .ifo: South Wiles, good si,uations for reliable Servants, stamped envelope.—WßlTE, 2, victoria-st., Abergavenny.

IFIISENGAGED, good Cooks, Housekeeper. Ladies' Maids, Waitresses,HousernAAs,Working-Hcusekeep.rs.bighest references ; Coachman seven years' chAract-r.--P.ddress Miss .EVANS, High-c:ass 11,:gistry, 21, Stretford-road, Manchester.

-- ivIALE and FEMALE NURSES INSTITUTION, 70, Hope-st., Liverpool. Estab. 1378.—F0r reliable, Attendants. Mental, Medical, and Monthly Nurses, Massage, apply or telestrach. " Nurses." Liverpool. Celephone. 6/C.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
filontp.

RW9OOOOO At from 4 per cent. (trust and other money) to be Advanced on Mortgage or Deposit of Deeds, in sums to suit borrowers, in any part of the country.---J. W. READER. 5, Cook-street, Liverpool. Tel. No. 5,182.

eA "M-ON EY to lend in sums of £lO to .2500 at low Int,ert, easy terms to suit b Trowers convenieoce. No fees charged. A-pp ication forms and terms given or sent free —Apply. Jr. E. DARLOW, 41, Duke-st., Southport (Private House.)

NO FEES UNLESS CASH IS ADVANcIED. QTRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO upwards on 1,3 BORROWERS' OWN PROMISSORY NOTE WITHOUT SURETIES. Upwards of £70,000 now being lent annually. For prospectus and terms, apply to GEORGE PAYNE, ACCOUNTANT, 20, KENNEDY STREET, MANCHESTER. ESTABLISHED 1370.

APPLY AND BE CONVINCED. TwtisPpPrzlpCarEe,d 2t7oCAhDeve Athsa a HLIOI IANNosa df r,oNml a2nsc an ei ds t ue r , wards to respectable Householders, Tradesmen, Farmers and others, without Bondsmen or Sureties. at the following scale of interest : £5 LOAN TO BE REPAID £lO ~ ~ 11 £lBl5 0 £2O 9• It £3O .. LARGE SUMS in same proportion. ALL ADVANCES are PAID IN FULL, Distance no object. Money advanced at Borrower's Own House. thus saving them the trow le and expense of a journey. Farmers can Lave Cash on Terms that no other office can possibly offer. Letters immediately attended to.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. MB. aoHN B. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES FRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Working-men, stud all respeo able }lc useholders, en their own security. MONEY TO INCREASE YOUR STOCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public enquiry, on your simple written prriroise to pay back.—Apply P t VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES, and in WARRINGTCN at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane, an/ Evening from 6t 7. Applications from RUNCORN and District generally receive precisely the same attention.

AMANCHESTER GENTLEMAN having a lame am, unt of Uninvested CAPITAL at his command is prepared to ADVANCE same to responsible Pereous in Sums of £lO to £lOOO, On the Borrower's simple written promise to repay ; Without Sureties, Delay. Law Costs or Publicity. Also on Deeds, Life Pi lici s, at 5 per cent interest. ''iThe amount Borrowed can be repoid by easy instalments -en. capital can remain so lon as the interest is paid, as th s office is a bona-fide private concern and not connected with any Loan Office. It is renurst, d that habitual borrowers will not apply. For full particulars apply personally or by letter to J. CAMPBELL, ESQ., MAN. HESTER CHAMBERS, 46a. MARKET-bTREET. 31ANCHESTER.

G" S HOSPITAL .11EDICAL SCHOOL. The WINTER SESSION begins on MONDAY, October

1 it . The Hospital contains £95 beds, 500 being inconstant occu- pation. APPOINTMENT9.—AII Hospital Appointments are made in accordance withthe merits ot the Candidates, and wAhaut extra payment. ENTBANCE SCHOT,ARSIIIPS —Open Scholarships of £lOO and :250 in Classics, 111..ithem511c5, and Modern Languages. and Open S,.:holarships of 2150 and £6O in Chemistry, Physics and Biolc.gy. Prizes are open to Students in their various years, amounting in the a gregate to more than £4BO. DENTaL SCHOOL.—A Denta; School attached to the !Jos - Taal affords to Stint-tit; all the instruction required for a Dicence in Dental Swgery. COLLEGE.—The Residential College accommodates about Fifty Students, in addition to the Resicient Staff of the Hos- pital. There is in it a 1 I.ge Dining-hall with Peading- rooms, Litrary and Gymnasium for th-: use of the Students' Club. For prospectus and further information apply to the rean, guy's Haspital, Loudon, S.E.

Zpartmtnts, lurntstrb ousts, Sz t

COMFORTABLE HOME for one or two gent'emen ; terms moderate.—Apply, 176, NVilderspool-road.

FURNISHED APARTMENTS TO BE LET in farmhouse. Apply, Mrs. CLARK, Horace Farm. Ulverston.

BACKPOOL, North.—First-class APARTMENTS and Furnished Rooms ; minute from sea.—Mrs. TIIRUSTLE, Mendelssohn House, 4, Braithwaite-st.

A PARTMENTS TO BE LET, well furnished. Two enter- taining and four bedrooms, bath, w.c., &c., also stable and coach-house, near station and shore.— Mrs. EveNs, Mohrcroft, Colwyn.

IVORTH WALES.—TO BE LET, four miles from Rhyl. .11 Four-roomed Furnished COTTAGE; garden back and front ; sea and mountain view ; pleasantly situated.—Address ROBERTS, Bodunig, Dyserth, near Rhyl.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0054.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
$

===== 0002601_18940922_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
;

ZlZlarttrti.

DRAPEtY APPRENTICE WANTED.—AppIy W. BENSON, 11, Sankey-st., Warrington.

A GENTS WANTED, to push first-class Machinery Oils. il_ Liberal commission.—Box 22, Post Office, Liverpool,

WANTED, Sufferers from Lumbago or Dropsy to send 14 stamps for certain cure. J. ASHWORTH, Euxtou, Chocley.

V! Mrs. Family's Wash; conveyance to and from.— Mrs. WATSON, Beacon Lodge, Overton Hills, Frodsham.

WANTED, BAKER, well up in both branches; good references required.—No. 27, Post Office, Oakengates, Shropshire.

NOME TO JOINERS, CARPENTERS, PLUMBERS, HOUSEHOLDERS AND or ti YRS. TOOLS (forfeited Pledges).—FOß SALE all JL kinds of TOOLS, in large or small qnantities. HUGHES BROS., Pawnbrokers, Jewellers, Clothiers, Tool Factors, and General Dealers. 115 AND 120. BROWNLOW HILL, LIVERPOOL. SMALL MACHINERY AND SECOND-HAND TOOLS. BOUGTIT BY HUGHES BROS., 113, BROWNLOW HILL, LivsupooL. Te;ephone 5171.

f:I_LAZING LINEN like china without polishing irons, simple, inexpensive, four stamps.—P.. 263, Buxton Road, Stockport.

QPLENDIDLY Fitted BBEHHOIThE ; good concert room; ki every convenience ; good trade.—Apply 17, Clopton-st., Hulme, Manchester.

lINER" STEAM PRINTING WORKS ji:I4IFIXA BEWSEY-STREET, WAURINCrION.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINEE, SATURDAY SEPTEMBER 22. 1894.

ialts I 3 p pribatt Ertatn.

gnits bp Vrtbatt Ertatp.

FORTUNE TRUING by Cards and Dream Book combined. Free by post complete 7d.--Ex. JONES, 82 Crockett's Lane, Smethwick.

ilgarbtntrp, &r., on Oalt.

FOR SALE, Engine, 10 h p., boiler, water tank, &e., all complete.—Apply, LOWE, Auctioneer, Warrington.

XAMINEI." STEAM PRINTING - WORKS BEWSEY STREET. WANRINGTON,

eturatton.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0057.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18940922_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
Contrarts.

TEETH. ! TEETH! TEETH! MACDONALD'S COMPANY. c-VHOLESALE ARTIFICIAL TEETH MANUFACTOLY (Registered.) BY 11.31.11. Letters Patent. (Trade Mark.) The Best and Cheapest House in the Profession. _ _ _ . -

Sirqle i:e.;th, 2s. ; Sets. bs. Fit and Quality Guaranteed Patients fitted while they wait. A lady in attendance. The Trade Supplied. All best materials and workmanship Teeth extracted free from 6 to 8 p.m. Teeth extracted without pain. Free consultations.

(Opposite Infirmary Clioea),

THE EXAMINER.

SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1894.

THE BISHOP Of CHESTF:It iti, as Public-House most people now know, a strong Reform.

advocate of the Gothenburg system of conducting the liquor traffic. That is to say, he is in favour of the nationalisation of the liquor trade. If his plan were adopted all the public- houses of the country would be practically placed under the direct control of the State authorities, or, more probably, under the control of the local authority of each district. The Bishop has en- bated the sympathy and support of some influen- tial men, including Mr. CHAMBERLAIN, and, most influential of all, Mr. GLADSTONE. The letter from Mr. GLADSTONE which has been published this week for the first time is, undoubtedly, an important pronouncement, and it has been re- ceived as such throughout the country. The late Premier declares that "for many years I have been strongly of opinion the principle of selling liquors for the public profit only oflered the sole chance of escape from the present miserable and almost contemptible predicament whiclk is a disgrace to the country." He is friendly to local option, but he considers that "it can be no more than a partial and occasional remedy." The mere limitation of the number of public-houses is,he considers,of little use; in fact as a remedy for the present evils it is simply an "imposture." All schools of temperance reformers, and most other people besides, will cordially agree with him when he says that the growth of the system of tied houses continually aggravates the prevailing mischief. And in this connection it is satisfactory to note that the Crewe magistrates, who have taken a particularly strong stand against the custom of putting "remov- able" managers into public-houses, have not been intimidated or disheartened by the action of the Cheshire Quarter Sessions in reversing their decision of last year. They have again this year given Messrs. PETER WALKER and SONS, Limited, the choice of altering the tenancy of their houses or of having their licenses refused. The brewing firm have chosen— so it is reported—to make their managers into tenants, and although the changes in tenancy, have not gone quite far enough to satisfy the Crewe Bench tee licenses have been granted this

year. All this indii:at s that there is an irresisti- ble tendency in the direction of public-house re- form. What shape that reform will ultimately take it is as yet impossible to predict. But one thing is clear beyond cavil, and it is this—the pre- sent system of conducting the liquor traffic is doomed. It is now, as a whole, practically with- out its defenders. The real problem of the future is to find out the way by which the system can best be reformed—or abolished. With regard to Mr. GLADSTONE'S letter there is little doubt that the opponents of local option will attempt to make capital out of it. But as a matter of fact, there is no necessary antago- nism between local option and the Gothenburg system. If the Bishop of Chester's scheme were adopted tomorrow there would still be the same demand on the ground of justice that particular localities should have right of deciding whether or not the traffic should be carried on in any shaPe or form. On the other hand, the passing of the Local Option Bill into law would be no maser' for the adherents of the Gothenburg system abandon- ing their agitation. Even the most ardent local optionist is not so sanguine as to believe that the passing of Sir WILLIAM HARCOURT'S bill will bring about a total extinction of the drink trade. That trade would still be carried on in but too nianY localities, and there would still be ample scope for the reforming zeal of the Gothenburger.

WE printed last week a letter, Licensing signed by most of the Noncon- Matters. formist ministers of Warrington as well as by other townsmen, in which approval was expressed of the action of the Rev. D.

ROBERTS in connection with the recent Brewster Sessions. This was a public tribute which was due to Mr. ROBERTS, and as a matter of fact the letter

will be endorsed by a large number of VVarring-

_ tonians who have the best interests of the town

at heart. The course taken by Mr. ROBERTS WaSY in view of all the circumstances, courageous and . self-sacrificing in a high degree, and would 114 - have been undertaken by anyone who was not act"

ing under a strong sense of public duty. The un- scrupulous and ignorant abuse which has been freely lavished upon Mr. ROBERTS was one of tile inevitable penalties, and was no doubt freely dis- counted beforehand. As a matter of fact, so long as there is the present distrust in regard to the manner in which the licensing laws are carried, out so long will public-spirited men feel„hulDelle". to force the hands of, and, so to speak, set all example to, those in authority. At the Brewsttr Sessions the allegation was made, and never cen" tradicted, that the police are under the necessitY of reporting all cases against publicans to the Watch Committee before the magistrates ever hear of them, and of taking the instructions of the committee. This being so, is the prevailing dis" trust to be wandered at? The members of the Watch Committee certainly ought, on their own account, to explain what part they take in regard to these cases. Is the making of the report bYd the police merely a formal and usual incident, all. 1) are the cases passed on as a matter of course • the magistrates? Or, are the cases privately judicated upon, and either sent before or keP from the magistrates as it may please the C°13:1; mittee ? These are very important questions materially affect the administration of justiee 111 the borough.

THE Trades and Labour Council tire The Coming Elections. the first in the field with aCa a date for the coming nianicic elections in Warrington, Mr. JAMES BATlensed having been selected to contest Whitecrosa warm Mr. BATTERSBY, it will be remembered, contesteu Howley ward two or three weeks ago and iirwas rewarded with a very meagre show of votes. " e do not think he will do any better in Whitecrces ward against Councillor PLIIMPTON. Mr. PL/31:11'. TON has been an admirable representatf:: in the Town Council and has lost no opportutlNJ of looking after the interests of the ward. 31r. BATTERSBY has previously figured as a Tory can- didate for this ward, and although at that tile he did not go to a vote it is Pe6si; that the Conservatives may now decide to ve'd for him. We notice, too, that the Trades an Labour Council have already selected two candi- dates for the Board of Guardians. The electie,n,:, , Guardians will not take place till December, thanks to the Parish Councils Bill passed present Government, when it does take plact.e.lB will be unier different circumstances fro' tue-0 of the past. All property qualifications have beed abolished, and in future guardians will be vote for just as town councillors now are. The veting will be by ballot and no one will have more than one vote.

THE coming elections of Parish Parish Councils. Councils are now exciting attelli tion in all parts of the country. A sumalarY the rules drawn up by the Local Goverlivaeller Board and sent by them to the overseers of eve.' na other parish of over 300 inhabitants is given in column of the "Examiner," and will, no d°ubt'ibe of interest to many of our readers. We 11°tq-ce that a correspondent has written to Lord I,v`'-h13.; BERY asking if he is not of opinion tllt,a elections should be conducted on non-P°Thes a elPre lines. The Premier does not venture to any emphatic opinion on this subject and jeav theolseivesr: the parishes to decide for There was practically no other course oPe—, is a Liberals to him. The Parish Councils Act Liberal. measure which has been agitated for by BecomPlishe for many years. Now that it is an fact Liberals in rural districts will wish to work ti:ha Act for all it is worth. Are rural Tories Of I,t same mind? If they are not—if, for instance, tleel of the _ show a desire to allow the provisions to remain a dead letter as far as possible, the °etc; tions are almost bound to be fought out °ll If of ilines. There will be two parties—the Pary of progress and improvement and the Par'-' immovable conservatism.

SERIOUS FIRE AT ARLEY. infornlat;°-n About 7.30 on Saturday night WO arri 00 ill received at the headquarter!' 01 f the W F t i on. Brigade of an extensive outbreak of ~,,reiles Arley. The scene of the outbreak is f se., eil,--ii io rom the station, and some delay was 0-1115teatillY procuring horses for such a journey. Even:, of the brigade turned out witha full co ,e( inPlell3,,;.- r'i 0 men and the steam engine Major. TheY arA'-f-otirld t six stacks ot straw and hay, 0a Arley about forty minutes after the alartn,al3" to that r, 0, belonging of on fire on his premi'ses. Ag° the iv 51,1;r/i- to ne:ct . water was obtained on and poured the vir nig mass through two jets until eIIY glt arly morning, when the stacks were practi" ii.e' der. At this stage an accident to caused through the lltir,o„F.,, of Ser cJeT, pelted the brigakie iore t Ilri, home. Their :no were not atterwards needed, as ther° ;,-e. .A. danger of the adjoining buildings catehing „..iered small engine from the Arley estate alSo re`i„- riot valuable assistance. The Originof talio fi.p ,•;.'re i ' oo' waa known, but the damage, estimated at covert,i by insur,ince, •

===== 0002601_18940922_art0059.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
oalo I p Zurttan.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
By Mr. WILLIAM ELLIS.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0061.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
i4a

===== 0002601_18940922_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

Vil SLIDING , /N THE KEEPING OF A BROTHEL IN RUNCORN. ' ~ Wednesday morning at the Runcorn Occasion.al Aticit3Court before Messrs. F. J. Norman (in the chair) liaTzlhomas Handley, Jessie Wood, was charged. with aided and abetted Ellen Moran in keeping a h("opal on the 22nd January last, at to Runcorn.—Sergeant lately stationed at Runcorn but now at Stock- -4 tieath proved the case and the defendant was fined • and 14s. Bd. Costs. COLLIER'S BREAD is the best money can buy.—Advt. ; kiERAL OF THE LATE MR. RICHARD H AMPSON, Or RUNCORN. Ira(' remains of the late Mr. Richard Hampson, I'110„7400-road, Runcorn, whose sudden death was an- t "'teed in our last issue were interred in the cemetery, ree roji,_tvi, ay-road, on Sunday afternoon, in the presence of fly sorrowing relatives and friends. Upon the cover coffin were laid many beautiful floral wreaths, the 4rers being Messrs. James Mort, Frederick Coward, :leaa°lnas Hume, Isaac Clare, Wm. Broady and Charles 4*,,„,?e• The burial service was conducted in an ml- Ave manner by the Rev. J. Holden. r n ROBBERY FROM THE WIDNES FEVER HOSPITAL. k:11 Thursday, at the Widnes Petty Sessions, before the t (or (Alderman F. H. Gossage) and Mr. H. Wade viii?inia woman named Margaret Johnson was charged tios stealing a sheet from the Infectious Diseases /iVillital, Crow Wood, Widnes, the property of the 'tunes Corporation in September, 1893. The prisoner toViriployed at the hospital as washerwoman, and the sheet, which she pawned at Syred's, in Water- road, The prisoner denied the offence, and said that posiltse Morton had given her the sheet.—The bench im- ki,seci a fine of 10s.with the alternative of fourteen days' *'`iscnment. --

• FUNERAL OF MR. WM. BROOKES, FORMERLY OF T RUNCORN. he funeral obsequies of the late Mr. Wm. Brookes, we: died on Thursday of last week at Houghton,Stafford, Performed at the Runcorn Cemetery by the Rev. J. re:Dson, en Saturday afternoon. It will doubtless be krobered by many Runcornians that the deceased taeed, for some time as secretary to the RUEICOrII Improve- It 11., Commissioners. He came of an old Runcorn 4,,11Y, was 48 years of age at the time of his death, his luence being at 19, Roselyn-St., St. Michael's-in-the- siralet, near Liverpool. The ceremony at the grave- Was impressively conducted, and was witnessed by 0133' of the deceased's relatives and friends. e.,._ol4l,rnß's FRESH IRISH DAIRY BUTTER, 10d. per lb. is -wuent.—Advt.

ASSAULT ON A WIDNES CONSTABLE. bekt the Widnes Petty Sessions on Thursday morning, virl°re the mayor (Alderman F. H. Gossage) and Mr. H. brna" Deacon, a young man named Daniel Lawlor was 4ght up on a warrant charged with assaulting Police Ihtl,Stable Tweddle on Saturday night. The officer while ,11-4,he portion dark of Victoria-road taking a prisoner into 14„,8t434 was set upon by the present prisoner, who struck a violent blow on the side of the face,which knocked 11441 to the ground insensible. The constable added that 1.,1,1t for the people who were present he would have been ly handled ._Prisoner said he struck the constable rhistake.—He was fined 203. and costs, or fourteen hard labour in default. C°T-LtEa's is. BUTTER is the gem in the market.—Advt. ACCIDENTS ON THE SHIP CANAL AT RUNCORN. tis.°•t the latter en sl of last week and the beginning of at two accidents occurred to vessels on the Ship Canal, Runcorn. The first was on Friday afternoon when to;ship " Fanny Fothergill," laden with china clay, &Wed with the pierhead when entering the Bridge- tlater lock of the canal from thc Mersey. The cause of Ege mishap was that the craft did not immediately obey helm. The collision seriously damaged her, the aLlwarks on the starboard bow being destroyed. The casuality occurred on Sunday morning at about ..ven o'clock when the ss. Blencoe broke from her ...100 • rings at Runcorn Lay-by in consequence of the wash Zllsed by the ss. Rallus. The steamers then collided, Ile former having one of her rails brokett,and one of her nallks sprung. "OLLIER'S BLACK BLENDED TEA. 21d. per quarter lb.—Advt. A RUNCORN CAPTAIN'S CERTIFICATE SUSPENDED. Monday a Board of Trade Inquiry was held at e",:esttninster, when judgment was given respecting the I;Fanding of the Dunottar Castle (of which Captain Vsghy, of Runcorn, had the charge), on the Eddystone ;rlZ'ef on the 24th of last month during a dense fog. court in giving judgment said the compasses were ...„" good order, and the proper correction of the courses :as applied front time to time, but the alterations in the ‘,.3,arse did not allow properly for the tide. The cause Zr the casualty was that the master, not accurately rowing his position,neglected to use the lead sufficient- Z. The vessel was not navigated with proper and sea- , anlike care after the fog set in. The master was in tefault,and the court regretted to suspend his certificate 4.(1r three months. With regard to the suggestion that VI electric cable should be laid to Eddystone, areport on "ue subject would be presented to the Board of Trade. „Clot.LlEß's sell the best quality goods at lowest possible '`,ces.—Advt.

YOUTHFUL PURLOINERS AT RUNCORN. &t the Runcorn Occasional Police Court before Messrs. Is; J. Norman (in the chair), and Thomas Handley, on ,metinesday morning, two boys named Richard, alias -"e'roas Jones (12), and Thomas Gresty (11), residing at 56 haw-street, and Stonehills respectively, were obarged with stealing a cotton shirt, two singlets, and ,„"e Pair of socks, valued Bs. 6d. on the 18th inst., the vvroPerty of Samuel Fryer' Trentham-street.—Evidence Is.given in support of the charge by Theresa Lea, /re Frver, Thomas Jones (Bentinck-St.), P.C. tblePardson Lid P.C. Gregory.—Jones denied the ,s]tge saving that Gresty took the articles and he (Jones) turned to catch him as he was running -Y.—Gresty, in his statement, said that Jones took •tr (5 articles and gave him the cotton shirt.—The magie- -o,.tes ordered Jones to have twelve strokes with the itell-rod and Gresty six. The Chairman remarked that thl3 was the best course open to the Bench, because if e Prisoners were sent to prison they might become t 1%01 birds. ' sell everything for the smallest possible profits. AND SOCIAL G ATHERI NG OF MUSICIANS AT RUNCORN. 119 n Monday evening the members of the Runcorn ,seal Society bad their first rehearsal for the concerts a4oe coming season. Mr. F. H. Crossley was present, • .of acted as conductor,and there was a good attendance otitnembers amongst whom could be seen several new The band went through Sullivan's cantata," On th°l'e,on Sea," and created a favourable impression with ihr.e chorus who sustained their parts in a manner dewy- ' tfll,high praise. The general opinion of the hearers was this will be the most popular work ever yet pre- by the society,so brim full was it with melodious ..:B'e• Following the close of the rehearsal was a Social "of a most enjoyable nature. Vocal and in. .elrturoental music was rendered, and also readings. The e latilling's enjoyment culminated in a pleasant dance. The .•st es of the committee,assisted by Messrs.Booth,Birkett, t oand Frith, the latter as M.C., are all to be congra- arwd upon the successful issue of events. WIDNES SCHOOL BOARD. The Monthly meeting of this Board was held at Wid- -1)— town Hall on Tuesday afternoon, Mr. H. Wade .4,,etacon in the chair. The District Education Committee trolitted a report on the work it had done during the Year, and compared the figures with the previous ar• The total number of cases summoned before the .2t:el,lltnittee during the year was 2,435, as compared with 4 the previous year. There were 250 applications 4,l34Tment of fees, against 424 last year, and all were- Whereas 420 were paid last year. The number of z?secutions before the magistrates was 140, against ast year. The average number of scholars on the Oils of all the elementary schools in the town was 6654.2 4ainst 6587.3 last year ; and the percentage of attend- gnt„e 88.0 against 85.0 last year, and as compared with teerfeocf the whole of the county. '[he report was con- satisfactorv.—On the recommendation of the ,71::63013 ManagemPtit Committee, it was decided to open 44ening continuation schools at the three board schools, to' also at St. Mary's Roman Catholic School, New- WI; if necessary.

HARVEST THANKSGIVING AT RUNCORN. inBerViCPS of harvest thanksgiving were held on Sunday errling and evening in the Bethesda Congregational thurch, Runcorn, the Rev. J. Simpson on each occasion t einß the preacher. The interior of the building was astefully decked with flowers, whilst in many parts atglicultural produce was strewn about. The congrega- tilDu at the evening service was very numerous, many of e worshippers having to he provided with forms at the trr of the church. In concluding an eloquent discourse e Rev J. Sirrnson said he had summed up the 41,141ber chu-reiies in ituncorn, and had found that if d'eY well all filled there would only he seating accommo. 'Dation for one third of the population. His hearers would vs.(' Well aware that the churches were not filled, and he sure that he would not he far from the truth if he a.dad that thre(‘ fourths of the inhabitants never entered Place of worship. He was hound to admit that to a 11.t5in extent the fault lay at the door of the Christian .e',U..ircs.h. • if they intended to save men and win them to r ist, they must sacrific, their prejudices, whims, and livenlences. Both minister and congregation must IP these people,—and he hoped that by such cc-opera- the wretchedness of Ittin3orn would be more Fuccess- 111115' coped with than hitherto.—The choristers rcndered e_rfecial musical selections, solos being undertaken and ;rformed in a worthy manner by Miss Clara Taylor and "1, •J. Iy.athwood. The offertories were devoted to the tntirch funds.

11111111111111

===== 0002601_18940922_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
A RUNCORN PUBLICAN FINED AT BLACKPOOL. A disagreeable sequel to the recent encampment ot the Runcorn Volunteers at Blackpool has just coma to light. George Shone,landlord of the George and Dragon Hotel, Egerton-street, Runcorn, was charged on Wednes- day at Kirkham Police Court with selling drink without a license in a canteen of the 2nd V.B.C.R. at Layton, Blackpool on the stn August. It was stated by the pro- secution that at 10 50 a.m. on the day mentioned two constables were watching the canteen and saw eight civilians enter it. The o:ficers went in and saw three civilians drinking. P.C. Haynes ordered two glasses of beer, which were served. Defendant, who was at the back of the canteen was catering for the 2nd Cheshire Volunteers. Be said, when questioned, that he had a magistrate's six days' license which he produced. The license bore the words "Sunday omitted." Orders had been given to supply no civilians and the policemen came into the canteen with some volunteers.—Defendant was fined 20s. and costs. A" BRUMMAGEM BOXER" IN TROUBLE AT RUNCORN. At the Runcorn Police Court before Messrs. Philip Speakman, C.C., and Samuel Taylor, William Maybury was charged with being drunk and disorderly on the previous day, in Church-street.—P.C. Gregory testified to seeing the defendant in Church-St. in an intoxicated state. The officer saw him go into a small shop, take a pound of "black puddings" from the counter and put them in his pocket. When spoken to by the witness (who at the time was wearing plain clothes) defendant, with an oath, wanted to know what the matter had to do with him. He further said that he (defendant) was "a boxer from Brummagem," and that witness had better make himself scarce or there would be something in store for him. These dire threats had no elect how- ever on the doughty representative of the law and he forthwith attempted to take " Brummagem Bill" to the lock-up. The latter then became extremely violent un- til the officer was forced to seek the assistance of other constables to take him to the police station. The woman whose black puddings defendant had taken, declined to prosecute for that offence.—ln ans wer to the Bench defendant said he had come from BirMiEg ham to repair some sewing machines at Widnes.—Fined 53. and costs or seven days' imprisonment. DEATH OF Mn. GEORGE WILLIAMS OF RUNCORN. An old figure in Runcorn life has just passed away in the person of Mr. George Williams, 68 years of age, and lately a resident of Ashridge-street. Mr. Williams came to Runcorn more than forty years ago, an that he was regarded by many persons as a native of the town. For a long term of years he had been in the employ of the Bridgewater Canal Undertaking at Runcorn, and by his genial disposition had made a host of friends. He was a member of the Shepherds' Club, Runcorn, for many years, and was connected with it at the time of his decease. During the past twelve months he had been in failing health, and almost incessantly, Dr. McKenzie, his medical adviser, had been in attendance upon him. On Sunday morning he was sal zed with an attack of apoplexy,from which he never rallied,but sank and expired on Tuesday morning. The remains were interred on Thursday afternoon in Runcorn Cemetery, the Rev. H. B. Firth impressively reading the burial service. The following were among the mourners : First coach : Mr. George Williams (son), Mr. George Shone, Sergeant Harvey, and Sergeant Holmes (sons-in- law), and Mr. T. G. Shone (grandson) ; second coach : Dr. McKenzie, Captain Trimble, and Mr. Robert Hand- ley. A number of choice floral wreaths were placed upon the coffin. PICNIC TO DELAMERE FOREST FROM RUNCORN. The annual picnic of teachers -and elder scholars con- nected with the Bethesda Congregational Church, Run- corn, teok place on Wednesday when a company, num- bering about 30, were conveyed to the forest of Dela- mere in saloon buses belonging to Messrs Yarwood and Son. A start was made shortly after ten o'clock, the ride to Eddisbury Lodge ,being much enjoyed. The atmos- pheric conditions were not of the fairest,but the pleasure was not marred thereby in the least as every member of the party used the utmost endea- vour to make the best of the circumstances. On alighting from the conveyances at the Lodge some of the picnicers repaired to the forest where they delighted themselves by taking short walks among the stout old trees, and viewing nature in her approach- ing autumn garb. The more gamesome spirits of the party organized various sports in which they indulged with a great deal of zest. The requirements of the inner man were supplied by Misses Riley and Robb, who prepared a very tasty tea, which was partaken of with the keenest relish. At length the return journey was undertaken and finished in good time. A stop was made at Frodsham for a short interval to allow the party to wit- ness the parade of cyclists through the village. The Rev. John Simpson, pastor of Bethesda Church; and Mr. W. H. Chadwick, superintendent of the Sunday school.were among the excursionists. ANOTHER CRUELTY CASE AT WIDNES. On Thursday at the Widnes Petty Sessions, before the Mayor (Alderman F. H. Gossage) and Mr. H. Wade Deacon,John Grady and his wife Kate Grady,of Caroline- street, were summoned by the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children for neglecting their five children—Mary Ann, ten years old, John, nine, Elizabeth, six, Winifred, three, and Patrick, three months—on divers dates between the Bth of May and the Bth inst. in such a manner as to cause them unnecessary pain and suffering. Mr.J. W. Knowles prosecuted. The male defendant did not appear, and the case was heard in his absence. Inspector McAteer deposed to visiting the house of the defendants, 28, Caroline-st. He found the female defendant and her five children in the back kitchen. The children were in a most deplorable state, They were very poorly clad, and there was very little furniture in the house. Two old mattresses he found upstairs, but there was no furniture. The house was in a most filthy state, and not fit for human habitation. There was no food whatever in the house. Witness asked the female defendant how she could account for the filthy state of the house and her children, and she said she could not say. She further stated that her husband was in ve)rk and earned 193. a week. He gave her 15s. a week. and sometimes more. Afterwards she said her husband drank his earnings, and got drunk two or three days a week. Witness visited the house again on the 11th and 14th inst., but no one was in. and he did not gain admission.—Dr. O'Keefe, who accompanied the Inspector, corroborated this evidence. Inspector Strick- land said 'he had knowa the family for the last twenty years. The man was a 1 azy, drunken man, who would not work, and his wife had habitually neglected her family.—The bench sent the woman to gaol for fourteen days with hard labour, and ordered a warrant for the apprehension of the husband. A WIDNES PUBLICAN FINED. On Thursday, at the Widnes Petty Sessions, before the Mayor (Alderman F. H. Gossage), and Mr. H. Wade Deacon, Thomas Whimpenny, landlord of the Moss Bank Hotel, Moss Bank, Widnes, was summoned by the police I for selling drink during prohibited hours on the 3rd inst. I Mr. J. 0. Swift, St Helens, defended. Four men ,named Charles Riley, Elizabeth-st. ; John Thomas, Farrant-st. ; Edward Fallon, Victoria-St. ; and Patrick Lackey, Vic- toria-st. ; were charged with being on licensed premises during prohibited hours—namely, nine minutes before six in the morning. Police-sergeant M'Gregor stated that from information received about half-pest five on the morning of the 3rd of the present month he went in plain clothes, in company with Police-constable Hamil- ton, to the defendant's heuse,and concealed himself near I the premises. At that time the doors of the house were all closed. At eleven minutes to six o'clock, however, he saw the vaults door of the defendant's house open,and a man went in, and came out a mifiute afterwares wip- ing his mouth. Four other men afterwards went in,and witness followed. The defendant and his son were in the bar, and the defendant was filling a glass with what appeared to be stout, for which John Thomas paid hies. The other three men were standing at the counter, and each had before him a pint glass, the contents of which had been partly drunk. The clock in defendant's bar showed the time as exactly six o'clock, but the correct time was nine minutes to six c'clock. When witness served the summons on the 18th inst., Whimpenny said, "I know it was a few minutes to the time, but it is no- thing serious ; it was a mistake."—Police-constable Hamilton corroborated.—Mr. Swift, for the defence, said it was a mistake on the part of the defendant, who was heartily sorry it had occurred.—The bench imposed a fine of 20s. and costs.—The charge against the four men was dismissed.

CULCHETH CHAPEL SERMONS. The anniversary sermons in connection with the Independent Methodist Chapel, Culcheth, were preached by Mr. H, E. Roscoller, of Warrington, on Sunday. There were good congregations at both afternoon and evening services. The choir rendered special hymns and anthems in an efficient manner. A collection in aid of the trust fund realised a good sum.

MORE SUCCESSES OF SIR. GILBERT GREENALL,BART. Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart. was an exhibitor at the Middleton . Agricultural 'Show on Saturday, securing prizes in the following classes:—Mare or gelding; 1, Sir G. Greenall, Bart.; Pony not exceed- ing 1:3- hands. Sir Gilbert Greenall, Bart. Turn- out, two-wheeled conveyance, single horse and harness; 1, Sir G. Greenall, Bart. Pony turn-out (single pony, not exceeding 131 hands, harness,&c.) 1, Sir G. Greenall, Bart. SILVER WEDDING CELEBRATION. On Monday afternoon an interesting gathering; was held in the Howley mission room, when a pre- sentation was made to Councillor and Mrs. R. T. Fairclough on the occasion of their silver wedding. Amongst those present were—the Rector and Mrs. Willis, Mrs. Richard Fairclough, Mrs. Dewhurst, Miss Boyle,and others. For some time the mothers of the mission have been subscribing towards the presentation, which consisted of a•silver serviette i ring. Engraved on it were the words :—"Presented to Mr. and Mrs. Fairclough, on their silver wedding day, by the Mothers. of Howley Mission." The Rector, in a few well chosen words, made the pre- sentation and spoke very highly of, Councillor and Nlrs. Fairclough and their family. The Rev. Mr. 'Hutt, who has charge of the mission, was unable to I be present, but sent an apology. '

===== 0002601_18940922_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
= THE EXAMINER SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1894.

DISTRICT COUNCILS.

TOWN'S MEETING AT EARLESTOWN. A largely attended meeting of the ratepayers and householders was held in the Town Hull, Earles- town, on Thursday evening, for the purpose of considering the question of the forthcoming elections in connection with the new District Council. Mr. S. Harvey opened the meeting by moving that Mr. J. W. Emmett be asked to preside over the meeting. He had, he said attended there not at all in the capacity of a Commissioner, but as a townsman like the rest of them. Mr. Emmett moved an amendment that Mr. Harvey preside. The first motion was seconded, and unanimous- ly carried, and Mr. Emmett thereupon took the chair, the only other occupant of the platform being Mr. Harvey. The Chairman said he was at a loss, to a very great extent to know how to proceed with the meeting. Be did not for one moment expect to be called upon as chairman. As Mr. Harvey had already explained he came there as a listener and not as a speaker in any shape ox form, and he was sorry Mr. Harvey did I not put his amendment in place of the motion, for he thought Mr. Harvey was the right person to have I presided over the meeting. He really did not know it had been called, nor who had called it. He took it the main object of the meeting was in order to select candidates for the new council which would be elected some time in December, he believed. What they had to do that night was to frame some scheme as to how best to get candidates for thediew council. They were all aware that the township had been divided into five wards, and each ward would have to be represented by three councillors,and in order to '.et these three coun- cillors in each ward, it had suggested itself to him that it would be best to form a committee for each ward,say a committee of six, with, of course, power to add to their number, in order that they might receive nomina- tions for candidates. After the whole of the committees had been elected, then he should say a central committee ought to be formed, and the sub., or executive commit- tees report to that central committee what they had done, to bring names before it of those who had been nominated in order that they might select from the num. bet nominated the best candidates for the position. (Hear, hear.) That was just an outlaw of what he thought .should be done. If any gentleman had any suggestions to make he should be pleased to hear, and answer them to the best of his ability, and then they could get on with the business. It was for them and himself,as rate- payers,to do the best they could and select the best men tney could, in order to, represent the ratepayers on the District Council. (Applause.) Mr. S. Harvey observed that the Chairman had said he knew very little about the origin of the meeting. Perhaps it would be as well if he threw some light on it. They knew there had been a common feeling of antici- pation through the town,that something should be done, and must be done, in view of the approaching elections. But there was no one officially to move in the vote. If I anything was said to the Commissioners they said they would be the last persons to take any steps, because it might be said they were fishing for public confidence to retain their their seats. So it fell out,that when there was no one to act officially, it rested with somebody to act unefficially. He ha e not aoted at all singly in the matter, but different peiple had spoken to him about the matter, and had said, other folks were i moving, and the townspeople should be mov- ing there, for a selection of candidates. He at last went to Mr. Molyneux, who suggested that meeting. They got the distinct consent of some 20 or 30 gentlemen and upon them rested the responsibility of calling that meeting and of bearing what little expenses were con- nected with it. The new Act of Parliament brought to them such changes in the government of the town, that it was right they as townsmen should have some idea about them. There was the matter of dividing the town- ship into wards, but it might be that everyone was not conversant with the laying out of those wards, He then proceeded to give in detail the boundaries of the various wards. The division into 5 wards necessitated an in- crease of members from 10 to 15, and there were certain provisions in the act which would make the newly con- stituted body of much greater importance than the pre- sent Commissioners were. The chairman of that body would have the honour of beinga county magistrate for the time being. Then the Council had some increased powers, somewhat dependent upon the County Council, but of great importance there just now with regard to common rights, side wastes and that sort of thing. (Applause.)—On their present Board there were 17 members resident in Earlestown, viz.. Messrs. Emmett, Ormand, Evans, McMahon, Thompson, Ratcliffe and Forster. Colonel McCorquodale and Mr. Smith were Newton residents, and Mr. Coiling- wood was a Wirgrave resident. Nine of those gentle- men were certainly eligible, whether they were disposed or not, to be re-elected. But supposing they were all returned again, there would be six new members to be elected from somewhere, so that they would see the im- portance of making a wise selecticn of candidates. With- out some public feeling or public action they might have 20 or 30 candidates springing up all over the place, some of them with a remote chance of success. There- fore they were there that night and were entirely in the hands of the meeting to say what should be done. (Hear, hear.) The Chairman said it must be understood that they were leaving Newton out of the question altogether. They were making their own arrangements. He thought the best plan would be for that meeting to form Ward Committees and then let those committees receive nominations, and if there were more candidates in the field than were required, then it would be for them to weed them down and select the best and strongest men. Mr. Pryor then moved and Mr. R. Whitfield seconded, "That a Joint Committee be formed from that meeting, of six representatives for each ward, and that that com- mittee be empowered to appoint district Ward Com- mittees to receive nominations, to consider them, and to report back to the General Committee."—The mot ion was unanimougly carried. The Chairman thought it should be understood that whatever condidates came forward, their names should be brought before another ratepayers' meeting in order that their selection might be ratified. The folloaing Committees were then chosen : Town Hall Ward :—Messrs. J. Ashcroft, D. Forrester, J. Stringer, T. Scott, E. Bunting and Rev. T. R. Matthews. Viaduct Ward :—Dr. Valentine, Dr. Mouncey, Messrs. T. Molyneux, G. Crossley, W. Gilmour and S. Harvey. Crow-lane Ward :—Messrs. W. Davies, Schofield, T. Ormond, T. Latimer, G. Barrett, and Rev. E. W. W. Kaye Wargrave Ward :—Messrs. Haselden, Slee, Pryor, Ralson, Rodgers and Wright. After a vote of thanks to the Chairman the meetio g dispersed.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
DISTRESSING SUICIDE AT RUNCORN.

A BLACKSMITH DROWNS HIMSELF IN THE

SHIP CANAL. A distressing case of selt-destruction occurred at Runcorn on Thursday morning,just after six o'clock, the victim b. ing a blacksmith named Frederick Williams, who had resided until Wednesday at Dunham-&-th'-llill. He was about 31 years of age, and for a considerable time has been of unsound mind. On Wednesday he left his home at Dunham-o'-th-Hill,accom- panied by his sister, and journeved to Runcorn,whence he had come to visit his brother Tnomas,at N 0.9, Hartley- st. His sister left him with Thomas,and returned home. They retired to l-ed in the usual way, and all went well until 6.15 the following morning, when Frederick jumped up from his bed, partially 'dressed himself, and left the bedroom saying to his brother Thomas that he was going to the convenience in the yard. The suspicions of Thomas seemed to be aroused,however,and he,l!sten- ing, heard his brother open the yard gate. He imme- diately got up and followed as fast as he could. He saw his brother running down Irwell-lane and just as he reached the bottom he got on to the Ship Canal bank and jumped into the water. A flatman named Wm. Til- lman, of Weston Point, who was near the Old Quay, also saw the occurrence, and procured a boat hook with the intention of rendering the drowning man some assistance. The hook was too short, however, to reach him, and he flung out a rope, but Williams did not take it. A life-buoy was then brought by Guy Pearce, lock master, and it was thrown to the man. This al§o Williams did not apparently try to grasp, and he there- upon sank. Grappling operations at once began, and it was not until 9.45 that the body of the unfortunate man was recovered from the water about one hundred yards '.'rom the spot where he jumped in. It was conveyed to 9, Hartley-street.—The Coroner has been informed of the circumstances, and it is expected that be will hold an inquiry this (Friday) afternoon, or Saturday morn- ing.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
THINGS HEARD AND SEEN AT RUNCORN.

BY AN OCCASIONAL CONTRIBUTOR.

-- The Presbyterians of Runcorn are assidiously working for two laudable objects, firstly to liquid- ' ate the debt remaining on the new school, class- rooms, and the land they have recPntly acquired for the purpose of erecting a church thereon; and secondly to raise sufficient funds to proceed with the building of the church. It is well-known, by this time, to everyone, that they have removed from their old place of worship, and have for some time past, been worshipping in the new school off Vic- toria-road. By great efforts they at last succeeded in placing themselves in a position to justify them in building this new school, and now they are earnestly appealing to all their Christian friends to assist them in accumulating the required capital to begin the erection of the long-looked-for church on the plot of land in Victoria-road. Although the school referred to serves admirably the purposes for which it was originally intended, and has been a worshipping place for the congregation since they removed from the old church, yet there is obvicusly not the convenience and accommodation which is requisite for devotional purposes. One of the means by which the Committee hope to realise the required money is the organizing of a bazaar, which they inzend to hold on three successive days, beginning on the 3rd October.

It is a matter for grave regret,if rumours are tobe trusted, that parents should be guilty of so much carelessness as to knowingly alow their children to wander hbout the streets and play with other chil- dren when suff,ring from any infectious disease. Only at the last meeting of the Runcorn Rural Sanitary Authority, when the medical officer (Dr. Adams) re- ported several cases of fever, a member remarked that he had been told, and knew it to be a fact that certain parents had allowed their childrer to go to school whilst troubled with au infectious disease. The Medical Officer also stated that he had heard of a similar case himself, in the course of his inquiries. lie referred to the urgent necessity for an isolation hospital for such diseases and to the difficulty which existed in successfully coping with some cases. The committee who have in hand the provision of a hospital are giving a great (teal of attention to the matter, and hope soon to make a statement of their position. It is, however, of extreme importance that parents should evercise the utmost vigilance over their children when affected with any infect- ious complaint and so prevent them from going into the streets or schools and mixing with their play- mates.

The report presented by Mr. Jones, librarian of the Runcorn Free Library,at the last monthly meet- ing of the Committee on the proceedings of the Con- ference of the Libraries' Association at Belfast, whither he had been sent to represent the com- mittee, proved to be of great interest. Informa- tion which Mr. Jones at some future time may use for the benefit of library habitues, was given on several subjects at the Conference, some of it being of great importance. Although the Committee's action in incurring the expense without the sanetion of the Board of Commissioners may be con- sidered an irregularity, yet it cannot be truthfully stated that the journey was a fruitless one. It was unfortunate that the Committee had not sufficient time to bring the matter in a straightforward manner before the Commissioners, for then most likely nothing would have been heard of it. How- ever, the Board's protest will serve as a warning for the future guidance of the Committee.

The Commissioners are apparently moving effec- tively in the question of re-establtshing communi- cation between Runcorn and Widnes by means of the old ferry. Considerable correspondence has taken place between them and the parties concerned in the matter,and this week I heard that Sir Leader Williams had visited Runcorn and had had a con- ference with our surveyor. It has not yet been made know what the result of the interview was, but in some reliable quarters it is believed that the time is not far off when the shores of Runcorn and Widnes will once more be linked together as in the good old days of yore. A large number of persons will undoubtedly be greatly convenienced by the re-opening of the ferry. Especially will this be so with the poorer class of folk who—when fate makes it imperative that they should remove themselves and their chattels to that salubrious locality—will not be put to the expense of carting their furniture around by Warrington or making numberless journeys across the bridge in order to shuffle out of our presence. Oh I may that day not be far off.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
MINERS AND THEIR WAGES.

TEST CASE AT ST. HELENS. At St. Helens County Court on Wednesday,before Judge Collier, William Birch, collier, of Crank-lane, Windle, sued Messrs. Glover, Urmson, and Glover, proprietors of the Phcenix Colliery, for £2 2s.,wages alleged to be due in lieu of a week's notice. Mr. J. P. Mearns appeared for the plaintiff and Mr. J. 0. Swift for the firm.—Mr. Mearns, in stating the plaintiff's case, re• marked that the action was taken to test tho powers of the proprietors of that and other collieries to do as they liked with their men. At the various collieries in the district the proprietors fixed what was called the " mak- ing-up day "—that was a day for making up the wages due to each man, and the wages were paid a fixed num- ber of days afterwards. The proprietars seemed to think that at their discretion they could alter both the pay day and the " making-up day" to suit their own convenience. At the Phcenix Colliery it was usual to make-up on Tuesday, and pay on Friday. On the 11th May last, Mr. Marsh, the manager, served Birch with seven days' notice. This notice, however, was served on a Friday, and he (Mr. Mearns) contended that that was a bad notice, as it ought to have been served on Tuesday. The" making-up day" was almost without variation, the day on which notices were given. He therefore sued for one week's wages in lieu of proper notice. Other men got notice on the same day, but they were taken back, and Mr. Mearns contended that the exception was made in Birch's case because a fine imposed upon him by Marsh had been given back to him by the employers.—The plaintiff, Mr. John Mather (cheekweighman at the Phcenix Colliery), Mr. George Dixon (checkweighman at Ashton's Green Col)iery),and Mr. T. Glover, miners' agent, were then called to give evidence that the custon4 in the mining industry was for all notices to be given on " making-up days.' In cross-examinatien by Mr. Swift, the witnesses admitted that there were no printed rules to that effect.—Before the defence was entered upon, his Honour said he did think it was material whether it was the custom to give notice on the" making-up day," because in that case the plaintiff accepted the notice given to him and acted upon it. Ile thought, however, that it would be much more convenient to have a clear understanding between employers and employed that notice should only be given on "making-UP day." He allowed Mr. Mearns to withdraw the case, and made no order as to costs.

MEETING OF ST. EDWARD'S LEAGUE OF THE CROSS, RuNconN. ' A meeting of the members connected with this organ- ization took place on Sunday evening in the League rooms, Irwell-lane, Mr. Clinch presiding. Addresses were delivered by the Rev. J. H. Jones, of Carnarvon, who has charge of the mission in the absence of the Rev. Dr. Gastaldi, and Mr. Clinch, both of whom dwelt at length on the evils arisine from the habits of intemper- ance. Votes oi tilauks Lcrua:;lated tc Feceo(ll-_:1;3.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES FROM LIVERPOOL AND DISTRICT.

(BY A LIMB OF THE LAW.)

There has been quite an animated discussion in the city,over the course persued by the Lord Mayor in having called upon the Rev, R. A. Armstrong (who is a dissenter) to say "grace" at the luncheon to the Duke and Duchess of York.—Not to have called upon the Bishop of Liverpool has not only be looked upon by some as an" insult" but a" sacrt- lege"as well. It is singular that in this supposed en- lightened 19th century churchmen will insist upon their so-called "rights" and think that in this case the Lord Mayor has acted with bad taste, &c. -They do not appear to consider that it is possible that it has been bad taste on their part to take advantage of their so-called privileges for so many centuries and that it would be an act of grace at least to give the dissenters such a small privilege as one of their number saying "grace "! However it is only a "storm in a teapot" as the Lord Mayor was acting within his legal rights.

I observe that it is intended if possible to form a cotton market in Manchester and several Liverpool brokers have been ,asked to" assist." The brokers. here at present however think it would be disad- vantageous—of course they mean for themselves. However, no doubt the Ship Canal managers will go on persevering and accomplish their aim in time, when no doubt the Liverpool brokers will then see how advantageous it is to their own interests to " assist." Oh yes the pocket has a wonderful influence over a man's opinions.

That is a fine piece of work that was done by the Dallam Forge Co. at the Landing Stage. It must have found work tor a good many weeks at that establishment. The large" embayment " has been filled in by the pontoons and girders made there, and now the stage is practically quite straight, and is a finer promenade than ever. It has been chris- tened the "Lungs of Liverpool," and no doubt the breezes to be obtained there are tine for the human lungs. The other day I saw an incident there—and by the way, incidents are quite common on the Landing Stage. A poor Englishwoman emigrant bound with her little ones, was on her way to America, and through some oversight one of the little children had strayed away aped was lost. The poor woman's grief seemed uncontrollable, awl tile child was missing for hours.

Who is supposed to look after the graveyard at Hill Cliff? Not only do the graves of the departed appear to be neglected, but there is a great look of disorder over the whole place. The yard is mot beautifully situated and a little money judiciously spent in trimming and gardening would not only make a considerable change in its appearance but would repay itself in the enhanced value of the graves. I ha?pened to be in the vicinity of Hill Cliff and paid a visit to the place, and regretted to see this historical yard in its present condition,

The subject of the decline of ship building on the Mersey is again to the fore, and this time the Mer- sey Docks and Harbour Board are being blamed. The " Engineer " states that the Board charges too much rent for its yards. The prevailing opinion in Liverpool for a long time has been that the de- cline was caused through disputes between masters and men over the rate of wages, and that most of the trade gradually went to the Clyde. This re minds me that Warrington at one time did a little shipbuilding, and I have often heard some of the old Warringtonians speak with pride of the " Tay- leur " which was unfortunately wrecked. Now that .the Ship Canal is opened is it possible that Warrington may again see some ship building?

===== 0002601_18940922_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW TO BE UNMARRIED THOUGH

lIAPP Y.

(ALL WRONGS DESERVED). While gloat the shattered ghosts of tingling bells, And cow-frogs cower down the brazen dells, The pensive lions sigh in mail-clad glee, And leave the universe to crowds and me. Hard by the crested reeds and stalwart mud, The tar-and-feathered mansion meekly stood ; The foaming petronels propped up the sky. And poured paint-pots in piles for maids who dye! In vain the cyclist pumps his busted tyre, As frosted mutton climbs the curfew spire ; In vain the bloated pauper airs his pride, In vain the lurchers lurch—in vain they slide. Hark! hear the Grand Old (Ger)man band so gay, " Home, sweet Home-Rule Britannia "they play— See Irish Bills sent to the Lords on high, Who chuck them out, and wink the other eye ! Athwart the calamine and glistening sewer, Note what our Deputationists endure; They mix the Dingle draught with mountain dew, And spiral-wise their devious ways pursue! The sighing lover hugs his hoards of gold, While melting maids as modestly grow old; See martial bands in pomp parade the street, Proclaiming " Blackham's Blacking can't be beat !" Perennially our pigments shed their w )01, And fast our spirit flaskets grow unfull ! Although " 'tis neer too late to have a npree," The purblind parokeet sides not with me. Along our streets the wheel-man bumps his way, O'er time-worn flints in tsirturous array ; A spin o'er circler saws, or a new-ploughed field, Would, in comparison, "smooth sailing" yield! sporadic vampires grace the lusty morn, Phonetic flashes fleck the strident corn, Plethoric hag-pipes pave the Milky-way, While all the time bald hairs keep turning grey. Then beat the banjo, chime the piping drum ! Let no man's pride denote his heart is dumb ; Spurn not the rampant strength of sundered vows, But daily quail beneath your babbling spouse ! ADAM NEWSENSE.

Wartitugton, September, 1894. (To be perpetuated).

===== 0002601_18940922_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
EXRLESTOWN CRICKET CLUB.

During the season which closed on Saturday, the first eleven played 21 matches, 9 being won, 7 lost, and 4 drawn, whilst 1 resulted in a tie. The number of runs scored is 2,548 for 161 wickets, whilst their opponents scored 2,204 runs for 189 wickets. The second eleven have played 16, won ?Jost 5, drawn 4. BATTING AVERAGES. IST TEAM. No. of Times Highest Total innings, not out. score. runs. Average. J Miller 18 6 132 677 56.5 G W Dennis 20 1 92 416 21.17 G Husband 16 85 293 185 G H Hopkins 4 25 65 16.1 F P Clare 15 3 51 177 14'9 It Bell 13 1 61 150 12.6 T Barker 7 2 30 65 13 J Sanders 14 1 19 111 87 T Mitchell 13 5 32 65 8.1 J H Alderson 17 3 23 105 71 T Clare 6 24 45 7.3 R Bates 4 22 30 7•2 W Jenkinson 8 16 50 6.2 C W Rmmett 14 2 23 64 5•4 W H Nokes 12 19 64 5'4 2ND TEAM. T Clare 8 1 61 234 W Crowther 13 1 62 239 T Barker 4 48 61 D Robinson 4 42 57 W Hatton 16 1 50 190 J Marsh 13 2 36 120 J Davis 4 29 43 W Huddleston 9 1 15 70 J Barr 13 1 31 98 F Horsley 11 3 17 61. W Harrison 12 4 17 51 J J Grey 4 17 22 J Anderton 5 14 26 J. Ogden 8 8 28 J Edor 5 4 10 3 Martindale 7 1 4 9 W Jenkinson 3 53 70 J Sudworth 3 1 15 25 T Marsh 3 7 12 BOWLING AVERAGES. FIRST TEAM. 0. M. W. IL G H Hopkins 67 23 16 118 F P Clare 182 62 35 330 Ft Bell 219 73 41 401 J H Alderson 71 5 17 182 G Husband 88 20 17 197 C W Emmett 28 4 7 85 It Bates 71 15 12 182 SECOND TEAM.

33 3 1911 15'1

1210

1.3 23.1 8.1

7.6 9.25 9-32 10 12 10.27 12 1 15.2

J J Grey 43 17 14 72 52 J Barr 14 2 6 33 5•3 W Huddleston 69 25 23 133 518 W Harrison 155 45 51 282 5.7 T Clare 9 1 3 23 7.2 J Marsh 63 1A 19 182 9.13 T Barker 28 7 5 57 11.2 J Davies 9 3 37 12.1

===== 0002601_18940922_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
SHIP CANAL.

--- RUNCORN RURAL SANITARY AUTHORITY AND THE ASSESSMENT OF THE CANAL. The Manchester Ship Canal Company have informed the Assessment Committee of the Runcorn Rural Sani- tary Authority, that they are willing to accept the decision of the Committee to assess the watering at £350 per mile, and that the charges already in force for docks, ctc. shall be enforced.

_

===== 0002601_18940922_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
A REMARKABLE CYCLE RIDE.

On Thursday, T. R. Garton, of the Makerfield Cycling Club made a successful attempt to lower the 100 miles Club record whirh stood to the credit of Mr. T. Cooper at 6 hours and 47 minutes, and at the same time to qualify for the Gold Medal which is given by the Club to those members who ride 100 miles on the road in 7 hours or under. The course selected was the Anfield 50 Miles twice over. The first 50 miles was ridden in 2 hows 36 minutes, which is record for the Club for that distance, the previous best being 2 hours 47 minutes. The full 100 miles was covered in 5 hours 43 minutes (beating the Previous best by 1 hour 4 minutes) which time would have been still considerably reduced had the rider not been most unlucky in he last 50 miles, in which his tyre punctured causin? considerable delay, and he had also to finish the last 10 miles alone owing to the back tyre of a tandem going wrong, and the single machines not being fast enough to pace him. To show the importance of this ride it might be stated that up to some two months ago the Northern Record for the 100 miles stood at 5 hours 45 minutes. The machine he rode was a Rover Road Racer, 26Ibs weight, with Dunlop Special Road Racing Tyres, on which he has this season won the Inter-Club (Makerfield and Golborne) 50 Miles Championship,and also the 50 Miles Inter-Club Handicap from scratch. With good weather it is expected he will further reduce the above time for the 50 miles before the end of the season.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
BELSBY.

FANCY DRESS CYCLE PARADE.—With the commenda- ble object of augmenting the funds at the disposal of the managers for the erection of a porch to the Helsby National Schools a grand fancy dress cycle parade took place on Wednesday evening at Helsbv. The Bev. T. W. Vale, vicar of Flelsby ; Messrs. Bowyer, McWaters (joint secretaries). Hill, Sucilow, Bibby, Coppock (Ches- ter), and Collier acted as a committee and were respon- sible for all arrangements. Not,ithstanding the threatening aspect of the weather tlie,e was a capital turnout of cyclists from the clubs of Runcorn,Frodsham, Helsby, Chester. and the surrounding district. Shortly before eight o'clock the procession started from the Britannia Telegraph Works,the lead being taken by two wheelmen with their machines ingeniously rigged with Japanese lanterns. Following them were the members of the Flelsby Church Brass Band, conducted by Mr. Bate. Then came the lielsby Fire Brigade fully equipped, accompanied by the eneine drawn by two horses, and superintended by Mr. Barlow. The rear was brought up by about eighty cyclists with iron steeds of the most ancient and modern types. The rider„s were dressed in costumes representing varioos well-known characters, some of them b'eing, of the most grotesque and gorgeous description. When the proces- sion had ".fairly got under weigh " it presented a very ripienanraoncsem, atlihedelgigrhee t,, tedlatnht:brnesmo,tfyvoartohn: scene. Several members of the Helsby Cricket Club, sub- scriptions from the crowds of delighted spectators lining the route. The thoroughfares paraded Were the main road from the Helsby Telegraph works to Frodsham, Chapel-lane, past the vicarage, along Church-street and via Main street to Ilelsby. The processionists were then 1 picturesque colours themselvesad'ci7li appearance, with official boxes and collected ' Provided with refreshments at the shop of Mr. Priestner. Doming the evening fireworks were discharged in the ' vicinity oi .'“e i:;:le..tiliN-Litie.Rait,,wa), St,itioz.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
HOW TO ELECT THE PARISH

COUNCIL.

The Local Government Board have issued the rules for the election of parish councillors, and a copy has been sent to the overseers of every rural parish in England and Wales containing a popula- tion of 300 and upwards, to every County Council, and to the clerk of the guardians of every Poor-law Union which contains parishes entitled to a council of their own.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PARISH MEETING.

The parish meeting -1,-;r:—th-e—fi--;s-t—iilection of parish councillors is to be held on Tuesday, December 4th, not earlier than six o'clock. This will be the first and pos- sibly the only stage of the proceedings, so that every man and woman with a vote will do well to be present. Public notice of the time and place of meeting will be given by the overseers not later than November 24th. The nomination pap‘-rs, copies of which may be had from the overseers beforehand,are to be handed in to the chairman of the parish meeting, who will state to the meeting the names and addresses of the candidates whose nomination he declares to be valid. Alter this statement opportunity will be given for the candidates to be questiJned and to make any explanations. Having thus cleared the ground, and allowed time for the with- drawal of candidates who do not intend to stand, the chairman will have to see whether the number of nomin- ations exceeds tht of the persons to be elected—not less than five nor more than fifteen, as the county council may have determined. If the papers tally with the number of councillors the candidates nominated will be declared by the chairman to be duly elected. If the nomination papers, however, are in excess of the quota of councillors, the chairman will put the names to the meeting in alphabetical order, taking a show of hands in favour of each candidate. Unless a poll is demanded the candidates who get the majerity of hands in their favour will be declared there and then as parish coun- cillors, and the election will be complete. THE POLL. If the demand for a poll is maintained it is to be held on Monday, December 17t1, "or on such day not being earlier than Saturday. the 15zh , nor later than Wednesday, the 19th December, as may for special reasons be fixed by the county council." There is neth- ing, therefore, to prevent the election being held on Saturday, provided the ceunty council agrees. The county council is also to decide upon the hours of poll- ing subject to the provision that "the poll shall always be open between the hours of six and eight in the even- ing." The clerk to the guardians will be the returning officer, and it will be left to him to determine the number and situation of the polling places, one station being provided for every 500 voters. The following is a specimen of the form of vote with which each voter will he supplied, It will be observed that the Local Govern- ment Board make a dispassinuate selection. They include the Hall, hut not the Rectory, whilst a grocer, a shoemaker, a farmer, an agricultural labourer, and a spinster stand for the general parochial interests. ELECTION OF PARISH COUNCILLORS.

BROWN (John Brown, of Water-lane, Agricultural Labourer.

GREEN (Robert Green, of Mudford, Shoemaker.)

JONES (William David Jones, of Claygate Farm, Farmer.

MERTON (Hon. Georce Travis, commonly called Viscount Merton, of Swanworth, Wilts, gentleman.)

ROBINSON (Henry Robinson, of High-street, Grocer.)

SMITH (Mary Elizabeth Smith, of Lavender Cottage, spins- ter.)

The votes are to be counted in the parish or in some place as near to it as practicable, and public notice will be given of the result. In accordance with the provi- sions of the Ballot Act,which, subject to a few modifica- tions, apply to all the polling arrangements, each candi- date may appoint an agent to attend the counting of the votes, and they will receive notice from the returning officer as to the time and place of counting. The pro- visions for maintaining the secrecy of the ballot, become the more important from the narrow compass of the electoral area, and it way he well to reproduce what the law enacts for any breach of confidence or tampering with votes : Every officer, clerk, and agent in attendance at a poll- ing station shall maintain and aid in maintaining the secrecy of the voting in such station, and shall not com- municate, except for some purpose authorised by law, before the poll is closed, to any person any information as to the nh,ma or number on the register parechial elec- tors of any elector who his or has not applied for a ballot paper or voted at that station, or as to the official mark, and no such offieer, clerk,or agent, and no person whosoever, shall interfere with or attempt to interfere with a voter when marking his vste,or otherwise attempt to obtain in the polling-station information as to the candidate for whom any voter in such statien is about to vote or has voted, or communicate at any time to any person any information obtained in a, polling-station as to the candidate for wh -in any voter in such station is about to vote or has vot-d, or as to the number on the back of the ballot paper given to any votor at such station. Every officer, clerk, and agent in attendance at the counting of the votes shall maintain and aid in maintaining the secrecy of the voting, and shall not at- tempt to ascertain at such counting the number on the back of any ballot paper, or communicate any informa- tion obtained at such counting as to the candidate for whom any vote is given in any particular ballot paper. No person shall directly or indirectly induce any voter to display his ballot paper after he shall have marked the same so as to make known to any person the name of the candidate for or against whom he has so marked his vote. Every person who acts in contravention of the provisions of this section shall be liable,on summary conviction before two justices of the peace, to imprison- ment for any term not exceeding six months, with or without hard labour. WHEN THE COUNCILLORS COME INTO OFFICE. If no poll is held for the parish or the wards of the parish the persons elected are to come into office on Thursday, December 13th. When a poll is taken the councillors will begin their duties on the last day of the year. It must be added that the rules make provision for utilising the machinery for electing parish councillors in connection with the election of district councillors, if such election should be held on the same day. In order to avoid confusion the balloting papers are to be of different colours, and if they should be placed in the wrong box the votes will not he disallowed. Should one box cnly be used there are special provisions laid down for the guidance of the returning officer in counting them. It may be feared, however, that when every precaution is taken there will be a good deal of difficulty in carrying out two elections at the same time, what- ever may be the case when the novelty has worn off.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
STOCKTON HEATH-.

Tug Ctruncn INSTITUTE.—The above institute was opened for the season on Tuesday evening last in the presence of a large number of members and their friends. A social evening and smoking concert was held at which several songs, both sentimental and comic, and readings were given. During the evening the Rev. Vernon who presided,explained that the committee were obtain- ing a mission hall from the Ship Canal Company, to be used by the Institute and for general church parish pur- noses. After mentioning the offer of assistance received from the gentry in the neighbourhood, Mr. Vernon appealed to the members to do something towards the scheme themselves. This the members unanimously agreed to do by contributing a sum each week during the present session. It is perhaps as well to state that Mr. Warburton of Arley, has kindly granted a site opposite the police station at Stockton Heath, and all that now remains to be done is for the parishioners and friends to assist in raising the necessary funds to enable the committee to complete the arrangements in connec- tion with the purchase, removal and re-erection of the Hall at Stockton Heath. APPLETON PAROCHIAL COMMITTEIN.—At the fortnightly meeting of the Runcorn Rural Sanitary Authority on Tuesday afternoon, the minutes of the last meeting of the Appleton Parochial Sanitary Committee, held on the 7th September, at the London Bridge Inn, Stcckton Heath, were read. They showed that Mr. Farrington, nuisance inspector, had produced a plan of new streets proposed to be laid out in Stockton Heath, by Messrs. Greenall, Whitley, and Co.. brewers,of Wilderspool. The plan was passed subject to Messrs. Greenall laying the main sewers in such streets, and also arranging for the said sewers to be connected with, and to discharge into, the sewer in Gaskell-st. Also that the back passages be fifteen feet wide. The committee suggested that the company should endeavour to arrange with the county authorities for the widening and straightening of the proposed street at the north-west corner of the Police Station.—The Inspector also submitted a plan of a new house and premises proposed to be erected at Stockton Heath by Mr. Ashton Hayes, of Stockton Heath, which was recommended to be passed subject to the size of the rooms being figured thereon, and a written descrip- tion furnished as required by the bye-laws.—The com- mittee decided that Mr. Percy Silcock and Mr. Farring- ton be instructed to take the necessary steps to get the sewer in Gaskell-st., Stockton Heath, extended and carried through the said street.—A letter was read from Mr. Percy Silcock containing estimate and apportion- ment of cost of the sewer in Gaskell-st.--It was resolved to defer the consideration of the subject until the next meeting of the committee.—lt was further resolved that notices be given to the owners and occupiers of houses in Gaskell-st. to make such drains as may be re- quired under the Public Health Act, 1875. In the event of non-compliance with the notices, that such work be done by the Authority,— l'he minutes were confirmed.

F&TAL BOILER EXPLOSION AT

===== 0002601_18940922_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON,

A RUNCORN MAN KILLED. On Tuesday afternoon, the boiler of the steam flat "Amy," belonging to Mr. Richard Abel, of Runcorn, exploded while the vessel was en the Mersey near Monks' Ironworks,Warring- ton, causing the death of Ralph Lowe of Leicester- street, Runcorn, the engineer. The flat had just dis- charged a cargo at the chemieal works of Messrs. Pochin and Co., and was proceeding down the Mersey when the explorion occurred from some unknown cause. Lowe was badly scalded, and died shortly after admission to the Warrington Infirmary. The other occupant of the boat was uninjured.

THE INQUEST. Mr. S. Brighouse held the inquest upon the body of the deceased at the White Hart Inn, Sankey-street, yesterday morning. Mr. Fowl( r (Messrs. R. Davies, Kirkconnel and Co.) appeared on behalf of the owners of the flat" Amy." Upon the assembling of the jury, Mr. Fowler suggested that the jury visit the scene of the accident. Mr. Brighouse also was of the same opinion, and said that in his experience of those kinds of accid- ents, the jury always had a 10-tter idea m the circum- stances of the case by a visit than by any sort a de.,crip- don. After a short discussian, the jury decided to go. and one of Mr. Connor's buses was brought into requisi- tion, and the party were conveyed to Atherton's Quay. After their return, Mr. Brighouse thanked the jury for their trouble in going to inspect the flat. He thought the inspection would help them very much in the in- quiry. Peter Lowe said that deceased was his son and lived at 2, Leicester-street, Dukesfields, Runcorn. He was 23 years of ago. For five or six years, he had been a marine engineer. He was well conversant with boiler work. He had of late been engineer on board the flat" Amy belonging to Mr. Richard Abel. Witness last saw deceased alive on Sunday night, and then saw him again dead on Tuesday. Witness saw the boiler room casually on Thursday and he noticed there was very little space in the boiler room to cio any work in. Cross-examined by Mr. Fowler, witness said that he was not an engineer but was a waterman. There was not sufficient room in case of accident. • David Morgan said that he was a fitter who had been engaged five months ago onb.ard the stearr.flat " Amy." IHe then worked for Mr. Marsh, foreman on the Ship Canal at Old Quay. It was part of his duty to att to the flat. He did not examine the boiler, but five months ago he put on pressure to test the boiler. I Cross-examined by Mr. Fowler, the boiler was tested to 1001 b. pressure. He considered that that was suffici- ent for the work required. There was no leakage or the : gauge would have shown it. As a practical man, he considered that the boiler was fit for work. By Mr. Fanshaw (a juryman) : He thought the work- ing pressure was 40 or 50 lbs. In answer to further questions, he said that the boiler had been short of water from the appearance of the tubes, the upper parts of which were burnt. Thomas Gibbons, captain of the "Amy "said that the flat came from Garston Deep to Warrington on Sunday at dinner time. Ralph Lowe was on board dnring the journey. There were only two on board. Witness had nothing to do with the boiler. The flat had been work- ing continuously for ten months. Lowe had only worked on board six weeks, and a man named Darwen preceded hie as engineer. The flat lay in the river at,. Warrington from Sunday to Tuesday, and witness was on board when the accident occurred, which was about I 2.30. They were getting ready for a voyage to Runcorn ' when the accident occurred. The deceased had been on board all Monday and Tuesday. Deceased was near the engine when the explosion took place. The fire bid been alight since that morning. When the explosion occurred witness went down and found the deceased at the after side of the engine. Cross-examined by Mr. Fowler The engine was not working at the time of the accident. Witness did not look at the water glass. They put twelve or thirteen buckets full of water in the boiler on Tuesday morning. The steam gauge showed 501bs. pressure previous to the explosion. NVitness got deceased out of the engine room. By a jury : The repart was not a very loud one. The glass skylight was not blown out. Deceased's arms were scalded badly. Mr. Abel had only owned the boat since Christmas. The boat was over-hauled previous to April. Alfred Gibson, fitter, said that be knew the boiler la years ago. When first made it was put into a yacht named " Cuckoo " belonging to Mr. Chappell. The boiler was then taken to the " Beaconsfield," after lying idle for six or seven years in a yard. He had seen the boiler that morning,and was of opinion that it was short of two stays. Contraction and expansion of tubes might have caused the tube plate to crack. A boiler ought to be examined from time to tune. He could not tell whether the boiler was short of water. By a juryman: He examined the boiler previous to _ _

it being -put: into the "Beaconsfield,"and told Mr.Boscow, the owner, that he would not have it as it was so corroded. He would not have put it upon a ship to work 60 or 70Ibs. pressure. By Mr. Fowler : The plate was thick enough, if it was of good material. Re-examined by the jury: The boiler had been under

water for six or seven weeks owing to the " Cuckoo" sinking. When it was brought up again it was not repaired, but was merely cleaned. By Inspecter Spimks : The boiler was not examined by a Board of Tn./8 inspector when pit into the" Cuckow " or" Beaconsfield," hut witness did not know whether it was or not when put into the "Amy." Joseph Senior, boilermaker, said that he saw the boiler . five months ago, and retubed it, and put a stay from the back of the combustible chamber to the back end of the boiler. The boiler was then in the fiat. Witness thought that the boiler was quite sound. He had seen it since the explosion, and he believed that the plate had been overheated,whether owing to the water being below the tubes or the sediment upon the plates, he was unable to say. The iron of which it was made was superior to that made now. It was an uncommonly well made boiler. By Mr. Fowler: Be did not detect any flaw five months ago,and it was not much corroded. The working pressure was from 45 to 50 lbs., and it ought to carry double the pressure. Mr. Brighouse said that Mr. Senior's evidence quite altered the case, and he thought the inquiry might close • that day. It was his duty to see whether there was any criminal liability, but here was a man who distinctly swore that the boiler was worthy of a set of new tubes and that there was no danger whatever to work it. The accident had been brought about by someone on board being in fault. Richard Abel said that he bought the" Amy" in Janu- ary. He took the boat over from Mr. BOSCGW. The ship was then overhauled, new tubing was put in and every- thing done that was necessary. Emily Dobson, nurse at the Infirmary, said the de- ceased was admitted into the institution on Tuesday afternoon suffering from scalds. lie died three minutes afterwards. After a short deliberation, the jury decided to adjourn the inquiry until after tho Board of Trade inquiry.

SEWING MAcancEs, Hand £2 18s. 6d. TreadlP £4 4s. with handsome walnut cover.—J. and W. DUTTON, 16 and 18. Sank epat., Warrington.—Advt. ALLEGED FRAUD BY A LOCAL BANK MANAGER. At Wigan on Thursday James Clayton, who had recently been acting at the manager of the Golborne branch of Parr's Banking Company, was sent to pot for two months for embezzlement. A customer- took £45 to the bank for deposit. The prisoner received the money, but failed to account for it. When arrested he said he was guilty of embezzling other sums. It was urged for the defence that the Bench bad power to deal with the prisoner under the First Offenders Act; but the magistrates said it was not a trivial case. The prisoner had admitted that this was not the only sum he had appro.. priated. SEWING MACERNES Hand £2 18s. 6d. Treadle £4 4s. with handsome walnut cover.—J. and W. DUTTON, 16 and 18. Sankey-at.. Warrington .—Advt. ODDEELLOWSHIP AT WARRINGTON. The opening of a series of social evenings to be given ,3• the Warrington Odd fellows (Admiral Nel- son Lodge), at intervals during the coming winter season, was made on Monday evening. At the invitation of theN.G.(Bro.F.J.Emson),who occupied the chair, a large number of visitors from other lodges were present, which testifies to the popular- ity these evenings gained last year. There were present the District Officers—Prov. G.M. T. Rigby, Prov. D.G.M. Alban Boyle, Prov. Cor. Sec. John Emson, and other brethren. Bro. F. Emson, in opening the proceedings, welcomed the visitors,and hoped he should have the pleasure of their company at successive gatherings intended to be held during the coming season. He also made a few remarks referring to the objects and work of the Lodge in the town. Bro. Lincoln Scott then gave a recitation " Ostler Joe." "The Gauntlet" was ably rendered by P.G. Sherlock, as was also "I am a Friar of Orders Grey" by Bro. Healing. Prey. G.M. Rigby next gave the toast of the Admiral Nelson Lodge. Prey. D.G.M. Alban Boyle favoured the company with the comic song The Old School," and Bro. Barnwell " The Skipper." P.P.G.M. Massey recited a Lancashire sketch entitled "Tattling Matty," which caused mach merriment, and left no doubt as to his powers as a reciter. P.P.G.31. F. J. Webster was called to reply to the toast, and in doing so intimated that it was a source of much gratification to him to have to tell them that so far during the present year they had saved nearly £lOO, and had initiated no fewer than 19 young and promising members. (Applause.) Bro. Walton sang " Sail- ing," Bro. Sherlock "The Sexton," and Bro. A. Boyle "The Monkey." A pleasant evening was brought to a termination with the usual ceremony aud votes of thanks.

r',

===== 0002601_18940922_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
A VALUABLE DISCOVERY.

Most readers have had some experience of sick rooms, either as patients or attendants. How many such are there who have not lelt the weakness or debility which follows the sick:less, more discouraging, than even the disease itself ? Though the disease may have given way before the timely applicafhn of proper remedies, and though, in consequence, no immediate danger is to be apprehended, the slow progress towards convalescence is very disheartening to patient and attendant alike.

How often do ,ve hear people say :—" Yes. The fever has left him. H iv. free from any immediate danger. But be is so weak. lt he could only regain strength?" This debilitating eff?ct of fevers and other diseases is indeed a great s ,urce a anxiety to medical men as well as to their patiphts ; and anything which would tend directly to shorten h- period between the departure of the fever and the compietn recovery of strength wouZd be naturally welcomed by both doctors and patients.

This is one of the reasons why Gwylym Evans' Quinine Bitters are so popula r,why doctors prescribe a so largely, why chemists sell it so generally, why patients have recourse to it so readily, and why everybody r.,-as good word to say for it. Not only does it attack the disease in its stronghold, not only does it drive the evil from the system, but it gives back directly the strength of which the system has been deprived by sickness ; it infuses new life into the blood, and the recovery of health awl strength., instead of being, as it otherwise would be, discouragingly slow, intermittent, and uncer- tain, becomes, when this excellent medicine is resorted to, encouraging.ly rapid, regular, and certain. It is., therefore, corandently recommended as an unrivalled tonic medicine,and may he safely used by all who suffer from any form ,if weakness or debility from whatever cause it may arise.

Mr_ John Young, of 107, Laxton.;st., New Bromptott, Chatham, writ:lng to a friend, says :

"I thank you very much for sending me the 4,Grm.vm EVANS' BITTERS handbill. have taken two bottles, a 2s. 2d. and a 44. 6i. It has done me more good than anything I had over tried before, and I am so pleased with it that I shall recommend it to every one who comes to see me."

GWILT/4 Ev A./4s' QUININE BITTERS, PRAISED BY EVERYBODY. AGEN PS EVERY- W FI ERE. Sold in B.)ttles at 1/11, 2/9, and 4/6 each. Beware of Imitation! See the Name of "4-2-wILY3I EvaNs on Label Stamp and Bottle. SOLE PROPRIETORS: QUININE BITTERS MANUFACTURING CO.. LTD., LLANELLY, SOU CH WALES.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT.

THEFT FROM AN AETRENTICE. At the Borough Police Court on Wednesday, Ben Places was charged with stealing from a building in Folly-lane, on Tuesday, an oilstone value 4s. the property of Sam L. Hawthorn_ He was further charged with stealing atze shilling's worth of potatoes from a farm in Folly-lane. Prisoner pleaded guilty to the latter sharge. The chief constable in his statement to the magistrates said that the complainant was John Hawthorn, working as &joiner for Mr.CharlPs Longshaw. a builder, erecting some house in Folly-lane. On the date named at 10 o'clock in the morning, Hawthorn saw the oilstone safe in his bass, and half-an-hour later he discovered that it was gone. Information was given to the police and at half-past nine on Tuesday evening D.S. Monaghan and Sergeant Cheney (having heard tnat the prisoner was seen loitering about at the time of the theft) proceeded to his lodgings. 17, Albert-street, and Monaghan asked the prisoner if he had anything that did not belong to him. The prisoner replied that he hadn't,but Monaghan on making a search found under a heap of rags the missing oilstone in its case and the potatoes. The officers then brought the prisoner to the police station and charged him with the thefts and he replied, "I borrowed the stone this morn- ing to sharpen my razor with from Folly-lane. A lad named William Wright saw the prisoner take the pota- toes. John Hawthorn, the complainant, and D.S. Monaghan both corroborated Mr. Hunt's statement. Prisoner who pleaded hunger as the reason for the theft of the potatoes was sent; to gaol for one month with hard labour.

Asr EDUCATION CASE. —ILLEGAL ARREST. At the Warrinetou Borough Ceurt, on Tuesday,James Gorst, filecii t ter, 15,Porter-stewas charged with neglect- ing to send two children to school. The defendant did not appear, but his wife was present in his stead.—Mr. G. Riley, School Attendance Officer, prosecuted. and stated that the boys were iticorrigible, and would not attend school. He asked for the full fine to be imposed. —Mrs. Gorst stated that at three o'clock the erevious morning two police officers came to their house, and took her husband to the Police Station for the alleged non-payment of 2. 6d. due on a fine imposed some time previously. She told the offioers that the money had been paid, and showed a receipt. They took no notice of her, and brought him down to the Police Office, when the police found that no money was owing. The Chairman (Mr. Garnett) wished to know whether the woman's statement was correct.—Mr. Hunt said it seemed quite clear that a mistake had been made. The money when paid ought to have been checked in the book at the time.—lnspector James stated that the money was received at the Police Station during his absence. The officer who received it made a memoran- dum on a piece of paper, which got mislaid amongst some telegraphic forms. When the man stated that the money had been paid they found the piece of paper with the amount marked upon it.—The Chairman said he thought there should be some clear way of having the money entered aeainst persons when it was received in the absence of Inspector James.—Mr. Hunt said that in almost every case where persons were allowed time to pay the fine, the police had to go about like debt collec- torte—Mr. Riley stated that he thought his cases should , be dealt with Vize any others. Defendants were not al- lowed time to pay the lines in other cases.—The Chair- man said he was of the opinion that the fines should be paid at the time they were imposed,or not later than the following Saturday, He objected to the police going "dunning" for money.—Mr. Hunt expressed his regret to Mrs. Gorst; for the ocourrence.—One of the children was ordered to attend Holy Trinity Schools.and a fine of ss. was imposed in the case of the other boy. CHARGE Or SHOOTING A PIGEON. John Magee, Hoe ard-:t., S Inkey Bridges, was charged at the Warrineton County Petty Sessions, on Wednesday,with having on the 18th August, at Sankey, unlawfully and maliciously killed a pigeon ,value 20s.,the property of J. Earlam. Werarave,Newton-le-Willo ws. Mr. Longton, prosecuted, and Mr A. Browne, defended. Mr. Longten stated that a pigeon belonging to Mr. Joshua Earlam was taking part in the Earlestown Homing Society's race from Swindon on the date named. When the bird was nearing Sankey it was stint at by the defendant ad two others. The bird was killed and fell into the Mer,ey. Gamekeeper Irlem saw what hap- pened and picked the pigeon out of the water. Be shouted to the defendant that he knew him,a.nd that he would hear more about it. The defendant had since offered to pay the value of the bird. The Earlestown Homing Society, however, wished the case to be pro- ceeded with in order that it might be a warning to others.—John Irlam, gamekeeper for Sir Gilbert Green- all, stated that on the date named he saw the defendant and two others fire at a pigeon. There were three shots, but it was the last one that killed the bird, and that was fired by the defendant. In cross-examination witness said there were only a second between each shot. Joshua Earlam stated that the pigeon's wing produced, which was marked with his number on, was his. He valued the pigeon at £l. Robert Green. farmer, Lower Walton, gave evidence as to seeing a pigeon shot at lay three persons on the date named. He could not tell which shot killed the pigeon. Mr. Browne for the defence stated that before they could convict the defendant, it must have been shown and proved that the persons went out with the intention of killing the pigeon. He contended that such had not been proved, as a matter of fact the defendant was there for the purpose of shooting wood pigeons which be had a perfect right to do. Mr. Browne added that it was impossible for anyone to tell which shot killed the pigeon. Evidence for the defence was given by John Chadwick iron worker, 3, Bewsey-road, Joseph Smith, 6, Dale-street, Sankey Bridges and Thomas Chadwick, stating that the defendant fired the first shot. They were unable to tell which person killed the bird. The magistrates thought that there was a doubt in the case and dismissed it.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

FRIDAY. —Before Alderman Wright (chairman), and Mr.

S. Wright. A Suspicious CHARACTER.—WaIter Whitley, Friar's- green, was charged with being a convicted thief found frequenting Arpley-road, with felonious intent at a quarter to eight the previous night.—P.C. Cooper de- posed that shortly after 7.30 he met the prisoner and two young men Coming from Arpley-road, near the lodging-house, Friar'-green. They each had a bundle of potatoes similar to the one produced. On seeing wit- ness they walked past the 'lodging-house, and he lost sight of them for a time. Witness, however, secreted himself and the prisoner shortly afterwards returned with the bundle produced under his arm,and on nearing the lodging-house he threw the bundle over the yard gate of the lodging-house. Witness then went to the

BIRDS, ANIMALS AND FISH STUFFED, and mounted in Glass Cases of any design. HEADS and HORNS mounted also for Sale. Birds made into If and Screens or Fire Scr. ens. Dealer in British and Foreign Birds and Animals' Skins, Glass Shades. stags' Heads. CAbinete, Store Boxes, Nets, Ac., for Butterfly and Fgg Collectors. —B. COOKE, Naturalist and Furrier, 21, Renshaw-street, Ilverpool

prisoner, who said he had brought the bundle from Heatley. He was taken into custody, and afterwards admitted taking the potatoes from a field at Wilders- pool. Inspector Spinks also gave evidence. The magistrates committed the prisoner to gaol for one month hard labour. ASSAULTING A Wowe—Four young women named Mary Martin last from Barnsley, Bridget Lally (36. h appearance) Bank-street, Annie Daley (41st appearance) 1, Crossley-street, and Ellen Connor, ;52, Nlersey-street, Runcorn, were all charged with assaulting a married woman named Alice Taker in Buttermarket-street the previous night and farther charged with stealing from her a shawl value 2s. The Chief Constable (Ms. Hunt) stated that the complainant was returning from the Lower Angel Inn, Butt ermarket-street with some beer, when after having had a short conversation with a young man named Patrick McGrath in the street, she was seised by the hair of her head by one of the prisoners and pulled to the ground. The other three prisoners also came upon her and assaulted her. P.C. Wood had his attention called to the affair and he went to the place, and was just in time to see the prisoner Martin running down the street. He pursued after her and saw her run in Gallop's lodging-house. She locked herself up in a closet, and the constable had to break epen the door. He found the shawl produced, which was identified as the property of the complainant, wrapped. round her waist. She was brought to the police station.—Alice Tasker gave evidence as to the assault and raid Lally was the first to touch her.—Patrick McGrath spoke as to pulling three of the prisoners away from the complain- ood corroborated the latter part of Mr. Hunt's statment. Each prisoner was fiaed 10s. and costs or 14 days' hard labour. A DRONKEN MAN AND HIS WlllP.—George Connolly., 4, Mill-street, was charged with being arink and dis- orderly in Buttermarket-street, the previous night, and also charged with being in posse-sion of a wkip without being able to give a satisfactory account of it. P.C. Barnett gave evidence proving the first charge, and stated that when he asked the prisoner that morning about the whip he stated that he had bought it for a shilling from Mr. Wilkinson's, near Warrington Bridge. Witness took the whip to Mr. Wilkinson who stated that he had never had the whip. Defendant was fined 53. and costs or seven days imprisonment. Mr_ Hunt said further enqisiries would be made concerning the whip. A SOLDIER IN Tnonnee.—Private Wm. Connardy, of Orford Barracks, was charged with having en the 7th inst.unlawfully assaulted and beaten Martin Farrington, Wakefield-street. The complainant, who is an army reserve man, deposed that on the nieht in question he was in the Old Crow, Fennel-street when the defendant entered, and ordered some drink hut refused to • pay for it. The landlady ordered kim out whereupon the defendant got hold of her. Witness went to the assista.nee of the landlady. The de- fendant then got witness by the throat and tore his collar and tie. Evidence in corroboration of this state- ment was given by the landlady's sister. The landlord also gave evidence. For the defence the defendant stated that the complainant asked him to pay for Pomo drink for him, but a 3 he (defendant) refused, a row en- sued. Corporal Gould and Sergeant Stringfellow also gave evidence bringing allegations against the house. The defendant was fined /03. and costs.

MoKnar.—Before Mr. F. Monks (chairman), Alderman Francomb, Messrs. J. W. Hayward, arid S. Wright. Dau NE AND DISORDERLY—The following were dealt with forthis offence :—Bridget Murray, factory hand, John-street, Wigan ; and Elizabeth Smith, 16, Stamenill- street, Chester, were both discharged on promising to leave the town ; Thomas Kelly, butcher, 17, Ship-yard, is. and coats ; Thomas Pannell, labourer, 2, Hill-streer, 53. and costs ; Patrick Kilmartin, labourer, 1, Welsh's- yard, 23.6 d. CHIMNEY ON FIRE.—For allowing the chimney of his dwelling-house to be on fire on the 71h September. Thos. Dean, labourer, 9, Beatrice-st., was fined one shilling. ASSAULTING THE POLICE.—JuIia Ann Shields, Fillings. court, and Peter Corroboy. labourer, 18, Percival's-fold, were both charged with being drunk and disorderly in Buttermarket-e,. on Saturday nieht, and Corroboy with assaulting Constables Turner and Amson whilst in the execution of their duty.—P.C. Turner stated that at ten minutes to eleven on Saturday night he was called to the female prisoner. He went to her, but she refused to go hems. and said she would be locked up. Two young men volunteered to take her home but she would not move and witness had to take her into custody. P.C. Amson came to his assistanc-, and they brought her to the police station in a handcart. The male prisoner in- terfered and kieked witness and P.C. Amson.—Corro- borative evidence was given by P.C. Amson.—The male prisoner stated that the nal-Ts were pulling the woman about like a dog and he asked them to leave her alone.— The magistrates committed both prisoners to gaol for one month.

FURIOUS DRIVING.—John Fitton, market gardener, Dunham HiU, was charged with furiously driving a horse and cart in Bridge-st. to the danger of passengers. —Sergeant Smith and P.C. Forster who proved the case deposed that the defendant was driving at the rate of eleven miles an hour.—A fine of 53. including casts was imposed. WEDNEsDAY.—Before Mr. John Fairclough (chairman) and Mr. J. Geddes. AN INCORRIGIBLE YOUNGSTER .—A lad named Joseph Williams was charged with stealing on Tuesday morn- ing, six dozsn boxes of matches from the shop of Jonathan Taylor, Rolleston-itrset. Mr. Hunt (chief con- stable) stated that the complainant was Jonathan Taylor Rolleston-street. Joseph Williams the prsoner is the son of Moses Williams, forgernan, residing at six Back Stam- ford-st. Tile lad has otten been to complainant's shop begging and Mrs. Taylor has been very kind to him. On , Tuesday morning at 11 o'clock prisoner went to the shop and found no one within. Mrs. Taylor was in a room at the back of the shop and thought she heard a noise and on looking saw the lad standing in the (loot way with his back towards her. She saw that he had something bulky under his arm and called out that she had a pair of boots to give him. Prisoner ran away and Mrs. Taylor on looking; round the shop found that the matches (value 35.) were missing. In the afternoon Mrs. Taylor in- formed P.C. Barnett (26) of the theft. The constable made inquiries and at last foutyi the prisoner in company with three other lads. He brought him to the police station and charged him with the theft. Prisoner replied " I took six dr:zsti." Moses Williams, father of the prisoner, stated that the lad was beyond control and was always misbehaving himself, The maeistnites sent the prisoner to gaol for 14 days and ordered his committal to a reformatory for five rears. THURSDAY. --Zefr.re Aldermsn T. Sutton (chairman) and Major Ridgway. SCHOOL ATTENDANCE CAs ES. Mr. G. Riley-, school attendance officer, prosecut d in the following cases for non-attendance at school. Thomas Kennion, fergeman, Bewsey-road Thomas Shovel ten,fistidealer,W n wick- road, 23. 6d.; Moses Williams, forgeman, Witiwick-road, 53.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON COUNTY PET"! Y SESSIONS.

WEDNEsnay.—Before Mr. John White (chairman) and Mr. SArnnel Rigby Armitage. DOGS AT LARGE UtiMUZZLED.—For allusAing their does to he at large unmuzzled the following were dealt with —Captain Fowles, Poulton, 74. 61. and costs ; El ward Lovering, 57, Padga,te-lane, 54. ; Mrs. Crorfit, Cadishead, is.; James Bennett Aitken, Penketh, 7s. 61 and costs ; John Beddard, forgernan, Sankey Bridges, 2s. 6J. and costs. _ _

DRUNK AND DISORDERLY. —JaMPS StarkeV and Saml. Jones, colliersjitirton wood were each fined -ss. including costs for this offenc, at Burtonwo.d. A DISTURBANCE AT CROBT.—Ralph Sanderson, Croft, and Thomas Warburton, Culcheth, were both charged with having on the 16th:8eptember at Croft committed a breach of the peace by being disorderly.—P.C. Pope who proved the case, deposed th-it the two Mehl ants were shouting and swearing near to the General Elliot Hotel, Croft. The case against Warburton was dismissed, and Sanderson was ordered to pay the costs, and bound over to keep the peace for six months.

RUNCORN PETIY SESSIONS.

MONDAY.—Before Messrs._ Henry Reynoldi (in the chair),

and L. Wigg.

„. NON-PAYMENT OF RATES.—Several persons were Sum- moned for the non-payment of the general district and water rates. Settle‘teots were in some cases effected, whilst in the others orders were made. "WANTED.”—John Ball, aged 14, did not appear to answer a summons charging him with having played at football in Cooper-st., on the 2nd September. The de- fendant should have appeared at the last Sessions. The mother of the boy came forward and repeated what she said last Monday : her son had not been seen by her since the Ist inst., and she did not know whither he had gone. She expressed her willingness to pay his -fine ,but the magistrates granted the issue of a warrant for the boy's arrest. ;NE RABIES ORDER CONTEAVENED.—For allowing his dog to be at large minus a coVar or muzzle, on the 31st August in Norfolk-st., Wm. Kirkham was fined ed. and 89. 6d. costs.

ORSCENR LANGUAGE.—WiIIiam Price was fined 53. or seven days for making use of obscene language on the Bth inst., in Massey's-court. —Mary Alice Crank was similarly punished for a like offence in the same court on the same day.—Margaret Connolly was also fined 53. or seven days' nnprisvnment for similar behaviour in Mersey-St., on the Bth inst. Both female defendants, as they left the dock, intimated that rather than pay the fine they would go to gaol. A DISORDERLY TOPER.—For being drunk and di sor deny on the 10th inst., in Salkeld-squire, Mary Lyne was fined 53. and 93. 6d. costs, or in default seven days' imprisonment. AN lINSDSTAINED CHARGD.—Annie 111.1t6inson,butcher, of Church-street, Runcorn, and Main-steeet, Frodsham, was charged that she, having taken out a license for a dog did not produce it when required by P.C. Wright.—The defendant stated that she had her license

FURS' SEALSKIN JACKETS AND FURS of every description CLEANED or RE-DYED and ALTERED. FUR SKINS dressed and made up into rugs, &c.—B COOKE. lkinnutacturing Furrier, 11, Upper Newing- ton, and 21, Renshaw-street, Liverpool. Established 20 years.

when asked for it and coald not produce it. She wae therefore not guilty of the charge.—P.C. Wrighttestified that at 10.30 a.m. on the Bth inst., he called at the shop in Church-street, Runcorn, and asked the man there for the license. He replied that he could not give it to him. Witness again called on the 10th inst. and this time saw the female defendant who could not produce it. He then told her he should report the matter. The defendant did out tell Win at the time that the license was at prods- ham.—Defendant said that when the constable ce2.led on the 10th inst.. she distinctly informed him that she had taken out a license for the animal, and that it was in one of the drawers at her shop in Frodshatn. She now produced the license which was handed up to the magis- trates. Corttinuing, she stated that the dog did not really belong to her, hut to the man whom she employed at her shop in Runcorn. Oa the 3rd inst. he had been summoned for not taking out a license for it, and when he returned from court expressed his determination to have the deg destroyed rather than buy a license. She °bigoted to this procedure, however, and took a license herself at her own cost. Her man did not inform her that a constable had called to see the license, and when the officer called on the 10th it was the fest time she had heard of the matter. The paper was then at Frodsham, and she could not produce it.—Tlie Chairman rematiked that there was no evidence to show that the defeadant had known that the license had been asked for, and had -refused to produce it. The case would accordingly be dismissed. Lies UNREGISTERED LODGING Ho USE.—Michael of Salkeld-square, was charged with receiving lodgers in his house without its being registered as a corn tnon lodg- ing house, under the Public wealth Act of 2875.—N1r. F. A. La,ke, law clerk to the Runcorn Improvement Corn- missioners,prosecuted.—P. Sergeant Woolley stated that on Sunday morning., the Stli inst. he visited the house, occupied by the defendant. B ,wnstairs he found a man and womaai who said they had paid 41. and were nightly lodgers. In one of the rooms he saw the defendant and his wife anti three children all in one bed. There were other lodgers upstairs, who, upon being questioned, said ' they were nightly lodgers. When witness aroused the defendant and his wife, the latter asked one of the men to say that he was a weekly lodger. The wife was more to blase in the affair that the defendant. Both the defendant and his wife were under the induence of liquor at thetirne. The house was not registered as re- quired by the Pubiic Health Act of 1875.—Defendant admitted the offence but pleaded that he was not aware that the people were in the house. It was his wife who had taken them in. If their worships would overlook the affair he would take a small& house. The present one was too large for himself, his wife and family only. He could not earn more than about 34. or 9;. weelily,and sometimes had•scarcely enough to eixist upon. If be went to gaol his children would have no one to support them. —Mr. Lake intimated to the Bench that this was the eighth time the defendant had been summoned for such offences. Seven times he had been convicted.—Defen- dant was fined 40s. and costs, or an alternative of one month's imprisonment. FcaEwoarts IN THE STREETS.—Waiter Peers, aged eleven years, was summoned for exploding certain fire- works in Lock-street,on the 6th inst.—P.C. Butler having proved the case said that the boy first gave as his name Walter Peers, but witness had now found out that his real name was Joseph Dutton.—Defendant said that the firework had been given him by a boy, and it was the only one he bad fired.—Ordered to pay the costs. QUARRELSOME SISTERS.—EmiIy Wylie, ef Brookeest., sninmoned her married sister, Jane Faulletier,of Princes'- at., for having assaulted her on the evenine of the 11th Inst. There was a cross-summons for assault brought by Faulkner. Both denied the assault.—Emily Wylie stated that on the date mentioned she was preparing her husband's tea when her sister came in and without pro- vocation caught hold of her hair and pulled some out by the roots. She otherwise abused hen—Faulkner denied this statement, and alleged that when she entered the house, for the purpose of seeing her mother, her sister struck her under the right eye with a knife. The mark had now, however, disappeared. She (Wylie) had also picked up a poker and attempted to strike witness. They both then " plugged " each other's hair.—Wylie denied the assertion of her sister and produced a long coil of her hair which she alleged had been pulled out of her head by her sister.—Faulkner thereupon produced a similar coil and made a similar statement to the Bench.—Eventually both defendants were ordered to pay their own costs and were bound over in sureties of £5 to keep the peace towards each other for six months. TUESDAY.—Before Mr. R. Garnett (chairman), and Dr.

Starkey Smith. A TEETOTALER FOR TWELVE MONTI:B.—Wm . Hamblett, Winwick-road. was charged with being drunk and dis- pi derlv in Winwick-road the previous night, and further charged with assaulting his wife Mary Hamblett at the same time and place. P.C. Hardy deposed that at the time mentioned he saw the defendant drunk in Winwick- road, and alse saw him strike his wife several times. Witness and P.C. Lewis went to the assistance of the woman, and the prisoner attempted to stfilvi P.C. Lewis with a poker. He was acting like a madman.—P.C. Lewis stated that the prisoner, after striking his wife several times, knocked her to the floor and was standing over her with.a poker in his hand when they interposed. The prisoner then struck at witness but he warded off the blow. The man seemed to be so excited that he did not know what he was doing. Mrs. Hamblett Mid her husband had been teetotal twelve months, but he ceased being so the previous week. It was her fault that her husband struck her. There was not a better husband when he was slher. On the prisoner and his wife promising to sign the pledge the magistrates hound him over to keep the peace for six months in his own recog- nizances of £5, and to pay the costs 103.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1894.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
FOOTBALL

GEO. G. BUSSBY ,k CO. are the leading makers of requisites for Football, Hockey, Golf, Baseball, Gymnasia. and all Sports and Games. 1111 ustrated catalogues may be obtained from the local dealers, or the Sports Manufactory, Peckham, London. Trade <CM (c Mark.

RUGBY. WARRINGTON T. BARROW.

The team which hails from Barrow has unvariably during the last two or three seasons given Warringtcn a hard game, and there has never been much between them at the finish. On Saturday there were about 3,000 specta- tors to witness the match, and they observed a well contested struggle which kept up the traditions of the precious matches. Punctually at 330, the two teams under the charge of Mr. S. Williams of Salford entered the field, when it was discovered that they were of the

following composition. WARRINGTON: full hack, Heesom ; three quarter backs Plumpton. Evans, Potts, and Cunningham ; half backs, " Smack "Bate and Carey ; forwards. Fair Turner, Jolley, Dakiu, Taylor, Buckley, Berry, Nevins, and Thorniley. BARROW : full back, W. Sharpe ; three quarter backs. Popplewell, Kelly, T. Dickinson' and Belt; half backs Messenger, and Norttunore ; forwards, Weatherall, Hugh s, Morgan. McGerry, Woodhouse, C. Sharpe, E. Dickinson, and Satterthwaite. The game was commenced by C. Sharpe, whose kick off was well returned by Plumpton. The Barrow men at once began the rushing game and Heesom was early called on to serve. Play at length settled in the khome 25, and despite a brilliant ;passing msvement between the home threequartera, no headway could be made against the Barrovians. Carey at half back was re- peatedly collared by Northmore, and scrimmage after scrimmage took place, until Warrington were pushed back upon their lines. The Warrington forwards now recovered somewhat, and the ball was rushed to the halfway line, where Sharpe was called upon, and he re pulsed the invaders, sending them back to their quarter flag, where " Smack" Bate stopped a dangerous rush. Vp to this point, Warrington had never been over the half way line, but at length "Smack" Bate got posses- sion, and dribbled well, Thorniley also coming to his assistance. Their progress was at length brought to an end by Dickinson falling upon the ball. From the ensu- ing scrimmage, Popplewell gained possession, and by judicious kick gave his side the advantage again. A ' free kick to Barrow at this stage, made Warrington feel very uncomfortable. but McGerry made a wretched kick, which was easily repelled by Warrington who in their turn were awarded a free kick which 'Turner utili- sed to the advantage of his side. Heesom was soon again -called upon, and was not found wanting. A bout of passing between the Warrington backs, ended in Carey snaking a pass forward. From the scrimmage w's ich took place in consequence, the ball was dribbled down the field by the Warrington forwards, and upon Sharpe,the opposing fullback attempting to put a stop to it,the burly Thorniley came in contact with him with the result that he and mother earth had a very close acquain- tance. The onward rush, which aroused much enthu- siasm was not stayed until the Barrow quarter flag was reached. The attack was kept up, and Warrington ap- peared several times to be be on the point of scoring, when Plunapton received a severe injury upon the leg. The game was stopped for a short time, and Plumpton was at length obliged to leave the field, and took no further part in the match. The game was re-commenced, with Nevins drafted into the three quarters, and despite them being a man short, Warrington kept up the attack. A splendid series of passing between " Smack " Bate, Potts, Evans, and Cunningham was loudly cheered, as was also a tremendous punt by the übiquitous "Smaak" in the midst of his opponents, a minute later. The latter player was playing for all he was worth, and al- most all the passing movements originated from him. His dodgy and tricky runs frequently baffled his opponents. Warrington were at length driven back from the attack by a free kick and Heesom had great difficulty in keeping Weatherall out. At length a free kick gave Warrington relief, and by its assistance they reached half way. Numerous scrimmages took place here, .and " Smack " Bate, finding every other way blocked, astonished the Barrow men by getting between their legs, and thus by this peculiar device he gained considerable ground. It was just at this moment that Plumpton, who had been lying down in touch, left the field, and before he had reached the pavilion, Potts was hurt, and the game was delayed for a minute or two. Warrineton's fears of having to play with thirteen men were allayed however,by Potts recovering sufficiently to play. After the game again progressed,several of the for- wards,chiefly Taylor and Dakin distinguished themselves by their individual play, but bad passing spoiled their attempts. Just as the whistle sounded, " Smack" Bate got over, but from some informality, only a minor was awarded, so that half time arrived with the score, War- rineton, one minor. Barrow, nil. Turner kicked off after the interval, and it was then discovered that a fresh arrangement had been made in the Warrington team. Carey,who had not been a success as half back, was sent to his old position of three quarter and the precocious Nevins took his place as half hack. Warrington attacked immediately after the interval, and it was not long before" Smack" gave his side the lead by securing the ball which was charged down' and rushing over at the corner. The place was too difficult for Turner to further increase it to a goal. From the drop out, after a scrimmage had taken place, Taylor and Berry took the ball to the line again, but a toe strong kick sent the ball dead, and the second minor was conceded. Barrow gained ground after this, and Dickinson succeeded in eluding the whole of the War- rington players except Heesom. The latter however succeeded where the others failed, and successfully grassed his man. Heesom had been up to this time exceptionally safe, but at this point, he made an un- fortunate mistake which robbed his side of victory. The ball had been kicked by the Barrow men and Heesom with his usual sureness in his fielding secured it, In attempting to kick it, he unaccountably slipped and fell to the ground also losing possession of the ball. McGerry was up in a twinkling, and with no one to stop him, he easily scored. He was not so successful with the place kick however. The team were now on equal terms again, and each side did their best to secure the winning point. Barrow attacked strongly, and Heesom attoned for his previous blunder by some daring saves. The Barrow attack was at last repulsed by Bate making a long pass to Evans who in turn passed to Cunningham, the latter player making a long run before he was collared. Potts and Carey also in turn made beillia.nt runs without anything tangible. It was now near full time, and spectators were already commencing to leave the field, when Carey obtained the ball fr-en Potts, and with no one before him but the full back, he raced down rho field. When about to be collared by Sharpe, he kicked the ball over that player's head, and a race for it now took place between the two. Carey proved the fleeter, but Sharpe prevented him from securing the ball lay running in front of him, and the two dropped on the hall together, There were loud expressions of dissent when only a minor was awarded. The whistle blew immediately afterwards, and the game ended in a draw, with the score :—Warrington, one try, two minors Barrow, one try. WARRINGTON "A" v. WIDNES ST. MARY'S. These teams met at Widnes on Saturday when War- rington fully maintained the capital form they showed in their previous matches. O'Connor lost the toss, and kicked off up the brow. For few minutes p'ay ruled even, but in the end Warrington put in a fine passing, movement,which resulted in Edelesten scoring. Stimu- lated hv this success they continued to press the game, and in 15 minutes had scored three tries. while E Hes- ten had dropped a goal. This being but 20 minutes from the start there appeared every prospect of a tremendous score. St. Mary's now brightened up considerable, and for the remainder of the first half had certainly as much of the play as their opponents. At half time the score was—Warrington one goal, three tries, St. Mary's nil. From the restart St. Mary's showed up much better. They gradually worked their way into their opponents' territory. A line out gave them an advantage, and the Warrington back conceded a minor. From the drop out St. Marc's again got possession, and were making nicely for the line when the referee recalled them for some in- formality. Several scrimmages now ensued, and Jones receiving from one of these put in a good run, but being tackled, kicked. St. Mary's still continued to press,and when the whistle sounded were on their opponents' line. They were, however, unable to score, and the final was —Warrington one goal, three tries, St. Mary's nil. WARRINGTON Sr. MARY'S V. Sr. HELENS "A."— St. Marc's had as visitors for the second match of the season the St. Helens " A" team, and confirmed the good form displayed in their opening match by placing a win to their credit. The visitors won the toss, and elected to play with the wind. The first stage of the game saw the visitors pressing, and from a passing movement by the St. Helens backs, Warburton secured a pass intended loran opponent, outran the full back, and scored. The kick at goal failed. After this the visitors played up well, and kept St. Mary's on the de- fensive. Play settled at half-way, until half time, when the score read : St. Mary's, one try ; St. Helens, nil. On resuming, the visitors crept up the pressure, but St. Mary's defended in grand style, the three-quarters being especially careful. From the drop-out St. Helens had slightly the best of the game, and had some near shaves, when J. Simenck excepted a pass from Graham and scored, which was not improved on. At the call of time St. Mary's ran out victors of a well-contested game by two tries to one.

RuNcons v. SwINToN.—The senior team of the Run- corn club journeyod to Swinton on Satufday afternoon and won their first victory this season. The following were the teams :—Runcorn : S. Houghton (full back) ; W. Gaytor, J. Butterworth, T. Warder, and T.Rich ard-

===== 0002601_18940922_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
MEXICAN CURE.

KNOWN AS REV. JOSEPH HOLMES' 'MEXI- CAN Frescriptien, is the only guaranteed Remedy for all those who suffer from the errors of youth, nervous weakness. exhausted vitality. kidney, bladder, gravel. prost- ate and kindred complaints, and has stood the test for 20 years. Send a self-addressed stamped envelope to JOSEPH floLmiks' Remedy Co., Bloomsbury Mansions, Bio9msbury Square. London, and get full particulars of this great Remedy net of charge.

son, three-quarter backs ; G. Robinson and J Faulkner, half backs ; J. Langley, F. Gaytor, J. Davis, J. Pendle- bury, S. Johnson, T. Pendleburv, W. Lightfoot, and H. Farmer, forwards. Swinton : 'O. E. Crews, full back; J. Valentine (captain),W. Pearson, J. F. Stephens and R. Sharrocks, three-qoarter backs ; A. Cooper and B. J. Harvey, half - backs; F. Knowles, W. Evans, H. Case,W. Barrington, R. Berry, J. Johnson, T. Hallam, and T. Cleminson, forwards. Referee : Mr. J. Flii.tson, Salford Football Club ; touch judges : Mr. T. Banks, Swiuton. and Mr. J. Pownall, Runcorn Valentine started the game, arid from the kick off sent the ball over the Runcorn goal line. After give and take play the ball was carried close to the home goal line,and Warder getting posesssion took a drop at goal, but the ball went under the crossbar and was sent dead. Then Swinton had a tun, and Valentine made several strong attempts to get over the visitors' line, hut he was too well watched to permit of scoring. Just before half- time, Johnson and Berry in turn made strong runs, but Houghton kept his lines intact, and ends were changed without any points being scored. Tne second half had not been started long before Runcorn assumed the aggressive, and for a time Swinton were hard pressed. At length Robinson got possession after a scrimmage and passed the ball wide to Richardson, who scored a try for Runcorn at the corner flag, Haughton failing at goal. After the drop-out Runcorn were penalisA for offside tactics, but from the free kick Butterworth caught the ball and dropped a goal for Runcorn from near the cen- tre (Atha field. After restarting Berry, Case and Valen- tine ran the ball te the Runcorn goal line, but the visitors, after screwing a pack, carried the ball to the other end of the field, and passing between the whole of the backs enabled Richardson to score another try for Runcorn, Houghton again failing at goal. The drop out brought no relief, and Swinton continued to be severely pressed, and but for the strong defence of Valentine, Case, Johnson and Cleminson, the visitors must have scored upon several occasions. After several tight -scrimmages had been fought on the Swinton goal line, Gaytor picked up the ball and passed to Butterworth, who upen being tackled, threw it wide to Robinson,and the latter player had no difficulty ha scoring Runcorn's third unimproved try. No side was then called,and the icose stood one goal (dropped) and three tries (13 points) to nothing in favour of Runcorn. The first portion of the game was fairly well contested, but in the second half the Swinton combination appeared to collap-re. They were outplayed at all points of the game. Tne Swinton halves were fairly smart on the ball, but their combinatian was in poor contrast to that of their rivals. At three-quarter back, Valentine tried hard to stem the strong rushes of the Runcorn forwards, while Cleminson, Case, Johnson and Berry were the best of the Swinton scrimmagers. On the other hand the Runcorn players relied upon combined play rather than individual effort, and their passing was accurate and well timed, while their forwards screwed and carried the packs in fine style. RUNCORN v. SWINTON "A " Manse—A match bet- ween these teams was played off on Saturday afternoon on the Irwell-lane enclosure, in fine weather and before a good "gate." The following were the teams :—Run- corn : Lightfoot, full back ; H. Myers, J. Nicks," T. Antrobus, and B. West, threequarter backs ; E. Wood- ward and W. Pendlebury, half-backs; H. Williams, J. Stubbs, A. Clarke, J. Moores, W.Tatlock, G.Derbyshire, S. Walker, and G. Shaw, forwards. Swinton : Berry, full back ; Tyldesley, Jackson, Greenall, and Gill, tlireequarter backs; Booth and Walsh, half-backs ; Spruce, Todd, Vicars, Kelly, Denny, Hoskey, Parry,and Jeacock, forwards. As will be seen the homesters were weak, five of them being at Swinton with the first team. In consequence of the late arrival of the visitors, a start was not made until after four o'clock, Vickars kicking off. After a little bit of aggressive play by. the Swin- tonians the Runcornians collared the ball and gave their opponents no end of trouble. A fine dribble was made by the homesters, and a struggle ensued in front of goal. Efforts to clear were of no avail, the Runeorn men tackling in fine style. Here Berry's kick out was charged down by Myers, and the ball rebounded over the line. Some good passing was afterwards seen on both sides, although the homesters proved the most effective. Half-time arrived with the score—Runcorn one try, Swinton nil. The second portion of the game was more exciting than the first. The final result was —Runcorn three tries to Swinton nothing. WIDNES v. SALFORD.-At Widnes on Saturday. before 4,000 spectators. Barber started for Widnes. Miles returned, and play settled near the centre line. Barrett made a fine run, but was pulled up near the line by Clarke. For some time play was very uninteresting, being confined to scrimmages and lines out in midfield. Then the home lines had a narrow escape through some bad play by Pooley, and Alford did a wonderful piece of play. Widnes then woke up a bit. The forwards made a combined rush, and from a scrimmage opposite the posts Barber obtained possession and dropped a fine goal. The pace became much faster after this, and each end was several times visited in quick succession, but with- out anything tangible resulting to either side. Half-time score: Widnes 1 goal (dropped), Salford nil. Play after the interval was very even, but just on time Barber again dropped a goal. Result: Widnes 2 goals (dropped), Salford nil.

ST. HELENS V. ULVERSTON.-This match attracted al large crowd of spectators to Knowsley-road, St. Helens, on Saturday. On Monday last, against Millom, eight Ulverston players were injured, and the team was short of four regular backs and four forwards. In the St. Helens team, Ashcroft took the place of Rimtner. The opening stages were in favour of St. Helens. A mull by Moran, the visitors' full back, let in the St. Helens forwards, and Doherty scored, aft J. a combined dribble. Brown lailed to convert. St.Helens continued to press, and M‘Lees,receiving the ball at the 25 flap-„raced round and scored under the pests. Sudlow kicked a goal. A splendid passing movement was witnessel among the St. Helens players, the ball having been played by seven men. The St.Helens forwards then broke up the scrim- mage, and taking the ball to line, Winstanley scored in a favourable position. Half-time score :—Sr. Helens 2 goals 1 try,Ulverston nil. In the second half tries were obtained by Dale, Gladwin, Appleton, and Doherty. Final result :—St. Helens 3 goals 4 tries (27 points), Ulverston nil. -

_ ST. HELENS RECREATION V. BROUGHTON.—At Brough- ton on Saturday, before 1,000 spectators. Seddon won the toss, and Broughton kicked off, Smith ran nicely into the Recs.' 25, Ellison and Traynor tackling him. Broughton drew first blood in the shape of a minor by a long kick. After the drop-out the game seemed ta generate into a series of scrimmages in the Broughton quarters, the home team playing terribly off-side and hampering the Recs. all in their power. Traynor made a good run up the wing, but was tackled on the line. Crossley made a drop at goal at half, but was under, and only a minor accrued. Broughton seemed to be playing with the energy of desperation, and half-time arrived with a clean sheet. The visitors played with great energy in the second half, and scored a try, but Seddon missed with the kick. Two of the Broughton men were

injured. Final res-uli :—St. Helens Rees-. 1 try, Brough- ton nil.

SrOCKTON HEATH v. BIRKENHEAD WANDERERS "A."— Stockton Heath opened their season on Saturday, when they met the above combination on the club ground, Narrow-lane. The Wanderers having gone very strongly so far this season, a good game was anticipated, and in this respect the spectators were not disappointed. The homesters had to try three new three-quarters in Hamp- ton, Smith, and Carter. The former acquitted himself very well. and Smith did fairly well. Cal ter's capabili- ties, however, were not tested, but he seems to be in the right place. Stockton Heath losing the toss started the leather,and play soon became very fast. The homesters, were first to attack, Baldwin and Lally doing some capital work. The Wanderers were next seen working their way to the home line, and after some neat passing scored, from which a goal was placed. Barber was next applauded for several determined efforts, experiencing exceedingly hard lines. As the result of some neat pass- ing Smith was enabled to score a well judged try, the kick failing. Stockton Heath in the second half were fwaind persistently attacking, but the efforts of the visitors' full back deserved every praise. The visitors' lines had several narrow escapes, and it-was with diffi- culty that some of the combined rushes were got rid of. Higham, however, soon placed the homesters on the right side by scoring one of his noted tries, GL ver con- verting. This reverse did not seem to dishearten the Wanderers,who still played with determination. Several bouts of neat passing were next seen amongst the visitors' backs. Barber, however, watched his oppor- tunity to the second, and snatching an opponent's pass at the right time raced in amidst loud cheers, Glover again being successful at the place. One of the beat games ever witnessed on the Stockton Heath around resulted in a win for the homesters by two goals and one try to one goal.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY SERVANTS AMBULANCE

CLASS.

PRESENTATION OF CERTIFICATES.

On Tuesday afternoon, Mr. David Meldrum, the manager of the Cheshire Lines Railway, presented the certificates and badges to the successful students of the ambulance class which was held under the tutorship of Dr. Bowden, in connection with the servants of the Cheshire Lines Committee. The ceremony took place at the goods department, and besides Mr. Meld rum, Mr. Rigby, the local manager, and Dr. Bowden were also present. Mr. MELDRIIII previous to distributing the certificates said that it gave him the greatest pleasure to come to Warrington to distribute them. It was very gratifying that the Warrington men valued a knowledge of ambulance work. Another very gratifying feature was that out of 27 vandidates who presented themselves for examination, 25 of them had been successful. That fact not, only reflected great credit upon themselves, and , showed that they had given the subject very careful attention but it also reflected very highly upon their instructor, Dr. Bowaea. It most be gratifying to that , gentleman to find that they had been so successful. It showed that he must have been very careful in his instruction. They should not be satisfied with their success however, until they had received full training in that useful work. He was sure that if the passengers who travelled on the railway knew that the railway servants bad a thorough knowledge of ambulance work, they would have a higher appreciation of them. He was quite sure that it did not need any word of his to urge upon them the importance of that good work. They would never regret it. He noticed fro-,n the list,that the men who had gained the certificates, were not of any particular grade or class, but embraced the whole of the grades. That showed that there was good feeling amongst them. lie hoped that they would not rest content with the second class certificate, but would go in for obtaining the medallion, as there were many on the other stations who had obtained them. Mr. MELnnum then proceeded t 4 hand the certificates and badges to the successful competitors, alter which in the name of the class, he presented Dr. Bowden with eight volumes of the works of Edwin Waugh, as a mark of the esteem in which he was held. Mr. Meldrum also hoped that the Warrington branch would compete for the silver cup which was given to the most success- ful class upon the C.L.C. railway. He caid that be did not see any reason why the Warrington men should not win it. Mr. RIGBY then moved and Mr. PRITCHARD seconded a vote of thanks to Mr. Meldrum for his presence that afternoen, which was accorded unanimously. Mr. MELDRIIM briefly replied and also proposed a vote of thanks to Dr. Bowden for his efficiency in getting the class to its present state of excellence.—Mr. Rican seconded the motion which was heartily accorded. Dr. I3ownEr; in reply thanked them for the vote just accorded him, and also thanked them for the present which they had given to him. The proceedings then terminated.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SHIP CANAL. ---- WALTON LOCK.

Walton lock is now practically finished, but it will still be a considerable time before it will be open for traffic. Ihe water from the Runcorn side of the river flows through it into the Ship Canal, but at the canal end there is a great deal of dredging and cutting to be done. At the present time there is a large dredger busily engaged deepening the channel leading from the Snip Canal to the lock. At this place where there are three outlets the water is 100 yards wide. The sluice is almost completed and in working order. It is not likely that flats, etc., can pass through the lock into the canal before the expiration ot three months owing to the large amount of clay which has to be cleared away. The work of walling in the sides of the channel is progress- ing favourably.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOW THIS TO SOME WOMAN.

•• - - - I will send a valuable. instructive, and highly interesting book which eve -y woman would be glad to have Contains important and confidential advice and tells both married and single how to ke,ep healthy and avoid the anxieties so distressirpz to the sex. Sent free, securely sealed, for one stamp to cover postsge. Arnrayss : Professor E. LLSA.LLE, 17, Eaustrone Terrace. Paddington, London, W.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION.

WARRINGTON V'. A-LLE-R-T-0-N—P-A-R-E. IST.—Warrington was poorly represented in this game, which was played at Allerton on Saturday. Pierpoint kicked off for Warring- ton, who began to press, and were very unlucky in not scoring, the ball hitting the cross bar. After some give- and-take play Allerton attacked, but J. Mather and Bowen relieved well. Gorton got possession of the ball, and with the assistance of Dukes took the leather up the field, where the home goalkeeper saved by putting the ball over the bar. Allerton began to look dangerous shortly afterwards, but were repulsed,but shortly before half-time they were not to be denied, and scored the only goal of the match. After half-time Warrington livened up a bit, and the game became much faster, fouls becoming very frequent. At this point Williamson showed up well, and downed his men in grand style. One of the Warrington forwards experienced very hard lines in having an apparently fair goal disallowed for off-side, the ball having been played by one of the Aller- ton backs. Each goal was visited it turn. T. Mather took the ball down the field several times, but his centres were not utilized. The game then ended, leaving Aller- ton victorious by one goal to nothing. The rick Of the Warrington team were Williamson, J. Matha, Bowen, T. Mather and Gorton. WARRINGTON ST. ELPHIN'S V. LIVERPOOL VICTORIA ATHLETIC.—This match was played on Saturday in Liverpool. The Saints took a somewhat differently organized team to that which so unexpectedly went down before Penketh on the previous Saturday. Mara

hall came up to centre forward, while Taylor went full back, and Hatton was placed on the outside left. The full team was—Goal—W. Robson ; full-back, C. Taylor and R. Colley ; half.backs. J. Phcenix, T. P. Forbes and VCr/ Ticket' : forwards, P. Radford, H. Heckinbottom,D. Marshall (captain). F. Dendy, and J. Hatton. The home team won the toss, and Marshall kicked off up the slope. Half-time was called with the score—St. Eiphin's 2, Athletic nil. Immediately after the restart the visit- ing left got away, and passed to Marshall, who sent in a swift shot which almost defeated the opposing goal- keeper. During one of the attacki one of the visitors' hacks had the misfortune to put the ball through his own goal, Robson having no chance to save. The whistle sounded " time" with the score—St. Elphin's four goals, Victoria Athletic one. After the match the visiting team were, as usual, entertained to tea bi the home side.. After tea a social evening was held, songs being rendered by different members of both teams. WARRINGTON AND DISTRICT LEAGUE, 2ND DIVISION.— ST MARY'S V.WALBER'S BREWERY.—PIayed on the ground on the latter on Saturday, at Arpley, and resulted in a win for the visitors by three goals to nil. In the first half the Saints had most of the play, E. Rigby and J. Richardson scoring shortly after the start. The home team several times became dangerous, but the defence was found to be safe half time arriving with the score —St. Mary's, two goals ; Brewery, nil. In the second half the homesters played up,but could not score,though several gooi shots were sent in. Play now was of a very even character, each side having very hard lines in not scoring. St. Mary's began to press, several fruitless corners resulting, but were not to be beaten, and J. Richardson getting possession scored the third goal for the visitors. The home team were evidently outplayed, and at the call of time the score stood—St. Mary's, three goals ; Walker's Brewery, nil. RUNCORN V. LOSTOCK GRALA3.I.—A Match between these teams was played off on Saturday afternoon at Runcoro in fine weather. The visitors won the toss and electdd to play with the wind at their backs and down hill. The home3ters soon invAded their opponents' territory, but the goalkeeper proved the stumbling block and cleared beautifully. Play then settled for a short time in midfield, the home trio tackling in a most deter- mined manner. Ultimately the visitors left wing broke away, and a whizzing shot was sent in, the leather just skimming the cross-bar. The goal kick gave relief and the home forwards secured the ball. A good run up field brought them near to the enemy's citadel, and Pea- cock, centreing nicely, Walker seized the opportunity and scored. This fairly aroused the Lostack men, and they played with increased vigour. Three corners suc- cessively were secured by them and they at last equal- ised from a combined forward rush. Half time shortly afterwards arrived with the score unaltered. On the re- sumption of hostilities the home forwards immediately began te press their opponents very hard, but the shots at goal were too erratic. The back play of the home- sters now began to fall off, the half backs failing to keep up to the forwards in the usual way. The visitors soon toak advantage, and through a misunderstanding be- tween the home backs put on number two which was soon followed by another. Towards the conclusion the homesters tried to pull themselves together but the visitors eventually won a hard game by three goals to one. The following players represented Runcorn : Goal, W. E. Hough ; full backs, G. Moores and W. Carter ; half hacks, H. Evans, A. Richards, and G. Casson ; for- wards, W. Walker, T. Barlow, J. Jones, W. Peacock,and S. Walker. RUNCORN RESERVE V. GREAT BUDWORTII. —On Sat- urday afternoon tbese teams met at Budworth in beauti- ful weather and battled far supremacy. The visitors arrived without their goalkeeper, J. Bell. The home caotam won the toss, and Runcorn kicked off down the hill. A good passing movement by the whole of visitors' forwards resulted in C. Burrows putting in a shot,which was fisted out by one of the home barks. The referee awarded a penalty kick, but the effort to score failed. The visitors still continued to press,and after some good work by the left wing, Upton scored with a shot which completely beat the goal keeper. Shortly afterwards the visitors scored again, and half time arrived with the score—Runcorn, two; Budworth, nil. The second half was of an even character, the home team scoring once through Adair, and, at the call of time, the score was. Runcorn, two ; Budworth, one. LYMM V. DEWHURST'S.—At Lymm. The home team ' were poorly represented, but proved much too good for their opponents. The forwards were in fine form, Pear- son (3), Leah (3), Gleave, and Moston scoring, the game ending—Lymm, eight goals; Dewhurst's, one.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
A PUBLIC HOUSE ROW AT

WARRINGTON.

SINGULAR ALLEGATIONS.

At the Warrington Borough Court on Monday. Thomas Williams, engine driver, 7, Chrimes-yard, was charged with being drunk and refusing to quit the licensed premises of the" Old Crow," Fennel-st., at ten minutes to seven on Saturday night, and was further charged with assaulting the landlady, and also Patrick McLoughlin, by knocking him through a glass door.—P.C. Phillips said that at 645 on Saturday night he was at the Police Station when a message was brought that the police were wanted at the" Old Crow," Witness proceeded there in company with P.C. Millington. He saw the landlady who said she had been assaulted by the prisoner, and that when a man named McLoughlin came to her assistance, the prisoner struck him a blow,knock- ing him through the glass door of the parlour. The man's head was bleeding profusely, and there was a wound about three inches long at the back of the head. Witness sent for Dr. Peacock who put three stitches in the wound. The prisoner was drunk and he was taken into custody. He asked the landlord what the man was doing on his premises drunk, and his explanation was, that the man had been there during the afternoon and had been turned out. He had got back again, and he refused to serve him, hence the disturbance. The prisoner's sister-in-law told him that he had fallen asleep in the public-house, and was wakened by the landlady horning brown paper under his nose.—Mrs. Mather, landlady,stated that she saw the prisoner asleep on 'one of the tables in a room by himself. She asked him to go home but he used abusive language to her. Witness and prisoner's sister-in-law burned brown papet under his nose to waken him up. When he got up he struck witness and when a man came to her assistance, the prisoner knocked the man's head through a glass door.—Mary C,)nway, sister-in-law to the prisoner, gave evidence as to seeing the landlady burning paper with cayenne on it in order to rouse the prisoner. The man was so exasperated when he got up that he threatened to strike the landlady. The knocking of McLoughlin through the glass door was an accident.—Patrick McLoughlin stated that he went to the assistance of the landlady and tried to induce the prisoner to go home, when he struck witness, knocking him through the glass l door. Witness was insensible for some time and did not ! know what afterwards happened.—Mrs. Williams stated ' that she went to the "Old Crow "public-house about 1.30. He husband was there and she asked him to come home. She saw he had had enough drink and told the barmaid not to serve him. When she called again at 3.30 to bring him home she found he had been again supplied with drink. She took him home but he went back again.—Thomas Mather, landlord, said he did not see anything of the disturbance: The man was sober when he went home with his wife in the afternoon. When he returned he was not served with drink. The magistrates fined defendant ss.and costs for being drunk and 10s. and costs for the assault, and ordered him to for pay the damage to the glass door.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
NEWTON DETACHMENT 6TH V.B. KINGS LIVERPOOL REGIMENT.

The 33rd annual prize meeting took place on Sat- urday at Highfield Moss, in favourable weather. The following is a list of the winners:— Sin CHARLES HAMILTON'S Cup.—Private A. H. Johnsor.. THE COMPANY'S CllP.—Private W. Ellam, 77; Sergt. Bateman, 74; Corpl. Rimmer, 74; Private Walker, 68. HANDICAPPED PRIZES —l, Corp!. Rimmer, 557 ; 2, Private Diem, S 55; 3, Corpl. Fappleten, 3 52; 4, Priv- ate Wilkinson. 6 52 ; 5, Sergt. Bateman, S 50 ; 6, Private F. Bartley, 7 49; 7, Private Wallace,S 47; S. L. Corpl. J. Pullen, S 47: 9, Private Walker, 2 46; 10. L. Corpl. R. H. Jones, 346 ;11. Private N. Percival, 4 46; 12, Private D. Davies, 14 46; 13, L. Corp!. Aitken, 5, 45; 14, Private W. Raynor, 12 45; 15, Private T. Boardman, S 44; 16, Private H. Pennington. 7 44; 17, Sergt. Wright, S 43; 18, Private Gibson, S 42; 19, Private J. Galloway, 11 42 ; 20, Private J. Mather, 12 42: 21, Private J. H. Pullan, 14 42; 22, Private F. Egan, 14 42 ; 23. Private Owbridge, 3 41; 24. Private H. Squire, 4 41; 25. Private Horobin, 11 41; 26, Private T. Carey, 14 41; 27, Private J. H. Davies, 14 41; 28, L. Corpl. German, 14 40; 29, Private E. Williams, 14 40; 30. L. Corpl. Kent, S 39; 31, Private A. Squire, 10 39; 32. Private R. Williams. 10 39; 33, Private P. A. Percival. 14 39; 34. Private F. Turner, 14 38; 35, Private A. H. Johnson, 537.

MR. A. C. MCCORQUODALE'S CLOCK.—L. Sergeant Wright. WORKS PRIZES.-1, Private Ellam ; 2, Private F. Bart- ley ; 3, Private T. Boardman. DRILL PRlZES.—Private Owbridge, Sergt. Mayor,Priv- ate Carey, Private J. Owen, Sergt. McCormick, Private E. Williams, L. Corpl. Kent, Private R. Williams, Private Moran, Private S. Davies. All hav- ing put in the full number of drills the money was equally divided. RECRUITS PRIZES.-1, Private J. Davies; 2, Private Gray; 3, Private Bennett; 4, Private Williams • 5, Priv- ate F. Houghton; 6, Private Anderson; 7, Private F. Roper; 8. Private Twist; 9, Private D. McHardy ; 10, Private Gregson ; 11, Private Weeks; 12, Private Kewley.

LINEN LASTS LONGER! In soaking and washing clothes. use HUDSON'S EXTRACT OF SOAP LINEN LASTS LONGER! or HUDSON'S DRY SOAP LINEN LASTS LONGER! Saves rno,thtbhinelinie.Does 3no

`H

===== 0002601_18940922_art0091.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18940922_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
43,

I

e‘

7 51 ; 13, 11 8 i. ,1)

===== 0002601_18940922_art0093.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18940922_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TA BLE

SEPTEMBER. FROM WARRINUTON TO

..„cton Bridge-7 10,7 35, 828, 10 45, 12, 2 35, 5 15, 5 3 Sundays 10 15 a.m. staitltear and Hillhouse-7 12, 8 37, all 15,114.a315,a 40, a 635 Vs 9 40, 2 5,8 50. a Stops if required. 11inningham (L & N -VV.)*3o.a3 23, 7 10.9 50. 120, 1 48,3 58, 30,7 28, 11 35. Sundays 30. 10 15, 4 2G, 11 35. a Mon- k°WY. *.Mondays excepted. RzirnliaQham (Midland)-6 14. 932, 11 55, 12 55, 3 20, 50, 11 52. Sundays 11 45, 4 25,5 15 p.m. pBlackburn-2 40, 520 5 45, 8 35, 955, 11 40, 1235, 2 40, 3 48, 11L8 47. Sundays 843. 6 0. 3 rirTPool-5 20, 5 45, 835, 9 55, 10 O. 11 40, 12 35,1 30, 2 40, 17, 8 47, 10 2. Sundays 2 40, 843 60. "atl-8 25, 9 19,10 49. 3 20,4 21, 6 25, 8 11,9 18. Sun- J 8 740 a.m., 50.747 p.m. ,uesrlisle-2 40, 5 20, 5 4 5, 9 55. 10 0, 11 40, 2 49, 3 48. Sun- Y,!. 240,335. .7;ester--*7 30, 7 42. 9 5, 10 23, 12 7, 12 15, 1 40, al 50,2 30, 422, 5 11, 6 4, 7 42, 10 28, 11 32. Sundays 8 44, 10 26, 7 45, 111,7;;•_, *Saturdays and Mondays only. Wednesdays and t ?o,o'itiluasYs excepted. Commences July 16th. Green-7 10, 8 20, 10 5, 12 7, 12 35, 3 30, 3 48, 55, oLI 8. 9 10, 1020. Sundays 843, 60. as.°.:ve-a3 0,13 23, 710, 7 35. 828, 950, 10 45. 120, 1 48,1 50. 113 ' 515 6 30,7 28, 826, 11 35. Sundays 30, 10 15, 4 21, 5. aMondays excepted. bMondays only. .2aresbury-7 42, 9 5, 12 15, 230. 3 17, 5 11. 6 4, 742, 10 28, ,VaYs 8 44, 745 p.m. (Midland)-6 14, 9 59, 11 55, 12 55, 3 29, 50, 11 53. -i;t4111 11 45 a.m., 4 25 p.m. 11,?-1.',Utov‘ n-6 10,7 10, 8 25, 835. 105, 10 40, 12 7, 12 35, 140'"D`),,0, 3 48, 5 5.5 35, 5 45, 78, 9 10, 10 10, 10 20. Sundays, 10%1' ao. 8 43, 60, 7 47, 9 45. *Saturdays only. oburgh-2 40, 520. 9 55, 11 40, 1235. 2 25, 3 48, 10 15, t,,q, 2 40 a.m. 9 45 p.m. 2edier's Ferry & Penketh-7 38., 8 25, 10 0. 11 18, 2 5, 1 p'6l2, 6 17, 80, 948. Sundays 845, 240. 750. dsha7 42, 9 5. 10 23, 12 15. 2 30, 3 17. 4 22,5 11, 64. a.',.Mni- -10 28. Sundays 844 a.m.. 745 p.m. Ic-9'lt°,l (Cheshire Line,)-7 12, 756, 837, 95, 10 40, 120, 40, 5 29, 6 10, 570,80. c 930. dlO 15, 1139. Sun Orli; uO. 9 55, 11 25, 2 32, 75, 9 18. 10 15. dSaturdays itet‘t.bßuns 5 minutes later on Saturdays. cSaturdays ex- agow-2 40, 520, 9 55, 11 40, 12 35. 2 40, 3 48, 10 2. o",a,ys 2 40, 9 45. 1 , ,45710 8 35 1040, 12 35, 3 48, 5 35, 7 17, 0 8- if Sundays 8 43. 60. 6200agh Green-7 12.7 56,8 37,9 5,a9 30,10 40,12 0,1 5, 2 5,4 0, I .2b2.610, 6 33, b 7 0,8 0, 8 37, c 9 30, alo 15. Sundays 90, 11 25, ist , e; aMondays and Saturdays only. bßuns 5 minutes I,f*a Saturdays. cSaturdays excepted. 611,;,ra and Cadishead (Central)-? 0, 7 55, 8 21, 70, 105. 8 56, 10 12, 3 17, 5 15, 7 18, 9 28. 10 -,c,waford-From Arpley Station-6 20, 7 22. 80,9 0, 9 58, 12 40, 1 16, 2 38, 4 11, 5 18, 6 13, 78, a 7 45, 9 8. Lir Pi 8 50, 3 8. 818. aSaturdays only. ,"Pool (L. & N.-W.)-525. 710, 520, 835, 10 5, 127. 18, 10 20. Sundays 520, 8 35, 843, 328. 4 56, 60, 9 45. /4 High Level Platform. 114rr "Pool (From Low Level Platform)-7 38, 825,10 0,10 14, 20, 3 20, 5 12,6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays 8 48, 2 40,7 50, 40veerP°01 (Cheshire Lines)-a4 29, 530, 7 12, 7 56, 8 37, 110' ;5, 950, 1024, 10 35, 1050, 1150, 120, 12 50, 1257, 818.R'50, 25, 2 50, 3 32, 3 50, 40, 4 50, 5 29, 5 50, 6 10, „ ',L. 70, 7 SC, 80,850,96, 9 18, 10 10,10 45, alllo, 1118, 1. Pl, 51 _7 s 430,5 30. 90, 9 55, 11 25, 220, 232, 75. 830, 939., 10.1." aExcept Mondays. 140 'Von (L.& N.-W.)-a3 0, b 3 23, 7 10, 9 50, 10 45, 12 0, 1 43, 46G,u58. 5 15, 6 30, 11 35. Sundays 30, 10 15, 420, 11 35. ~ 1.4,-.`aYs excepted. /Mondays only. 1144,L1'°,a (Midland)-6 14. 9 59, 11.39, 12 55, 3 20, 50, 11 53, L;saYs 11 45 a.m., 4 25 p.m. 411'T'n, -6 20, 7 22, 80, 9 0, 9 53, 1049, 12 40,1 16,2 38, a6r1t'14%..18. 13, 78, a 7 45, 98. Sundays 8 50, 33, 8 18. 04 `.‘Ys only. From Arpley Station. 2,0 ntichester (L. & N.-W.)-2 45, 8 25, 9 19, 10 40, 12 14.2 0, 80,',7,21, 65, 7 17, 8 11, 918. 1020. Sundays 245 a.m., 50, k;,;'l, 858. aMondays only. From High Level Platform. lo Chester (From Bank Quay Low Level Ptatform)-*6 20, ktto," 55, 8 57, 9 55, 10 46, 1 14, 2 35, 4 9, 6 10, 7 5, 9 5, 11 40. kit'''Ys 8 48, 3 5, 8 15, 11 40. *From Arpley Station. S5O Chester (Cheshire Lines)-7 0, 155, 8 21, 8 55, 90, !SS:7 55, 11 25, 1155, 1285, 155, 255. 355, 455, 555, 55 'Qu; 755 8 12, 8 55, 9 55, alo 0, 10 5, all 10, 11 50. Sundays ",.27, 1012, 38, 317, 515, 7 18, 8 55, 9 22, 9 28, 9 55. only. koBtewien-1 35, 1045. 2 35, 5 35, 7 23. 2t,1-8"--7 35, 1 50,2 35, 535. 7 28. Sundays 10 15 a.m. 4Olytun-le-Willows-2 45, 5 45, 7 10, ti 35, 9 19, 10 0, 10 1214, 1235. 3 20, 3 48, 4 21, 5 35, 6 25, 7 17, 8 11, 9 18, 640.10 20. Sundays 2 45, 7 40. 8 43, 3 35, 5 0, 6 0, 7 47, 8 58, ,„P `uB4",ate--7 0, 7 55, 8 21, 102?, 1227. 217, 528, 7 0, 830 Sundays 8 56 10 12, 3 50, 515, 928. 40e1,t011--.2 40. 5 20, 5 45, 8 35, 9 55, 10 0, 10 12, 11 40, 12 35, ▪ 45. " 48,6 18, 7 17, 8 47, 102. Sundays 240, 8 43, 335, 60, 131.1, „ ;aorn-7 38, 825, 100, 1148,25,320.512,617,80, Sa 14P' (for Penketh)-7 55, 9 5, 10 5, 110, 120, 15, 25, 412.0'''„. 5 29, 6 10, 70,80, a 9 30, blO 15,10 45. Sundays 90, 9 18. aSaturdays excepted. bSaturdays only. 1• I.rn (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line (commenced to)-8 55 10 55, 12 27. t 55, 46, 6 55. Sundays 5 5 p.m, S el, elens-5 25, 7 10, 8 2J, 835, 10 5, 12 7, 12 35, 3 30, , ;,,tO. 78, 9 10, 10 20. Sundays 8 35. 8 43, 60, 9 45. 114:',11Port (Cheshire Lines)-7 12, 8 37, a 9 30, 11 15, 15. 40, 53. 6 35, 9 1.0. Sundays 9 40, 2 5, 8 50, lays only. 218 • ‘g,wall-6 2-0, 722. 80. 90, 9 58, 10 49,12 40,1 16,2 38,4 11, " Afty;3. 78. a 7 45, 98. Sundays, 8 50, 38, 818. a Satur- , SV-(„?nlY. From Arpley Station. 4 5 311 es (Cheshire Lines)-? 56, 95, 10 5, n 0. 12 0, 1 5, 40, 5 29, 6 10, 70, b 8 0, 9 10, a 9 30, 510 15. Sun- Qtlly. 0, 9 40, 2 32, 9 18, aSaturdays excepted. bSaturdays '2o\• Yid Oes ( L. and N,W-) -7 33, 8 25, 10 0, 10 14, 11 48,2 5, Wl' 12, 6 17, 80. 948. Sundays, 8 48, 2 40,7 50. 1, 334,4,4-2 40, 5 2.0. 5 45.7 10, 8 35, 9 55, 11 40, 1235, 1 15. 3 48, 5 35, 6 18. 8 47. 10 2. Sundays 2 40, 8 43, ' 0. 945

TO WARRINGTON FROM Bridge-6 39, 7 45, 8 52, 11 40, 38, 436, 6 44, 829 4 4378 7 53-' 4 32. 221),1 r and Hillhouse-9 14, 1 16. 7 18, 8 24, 949. Sundays 4 26 g 22 , • °4044,,11gham (L, & N.-W.)---3 10, 60, 720, 9 0, 11 0, 12 15, 7 25, 1115. Sundays 310, 12 15, 70, 1115. lawn (Aidland)-6 5, 8 50, 11 30, 1 23, 2 40, 5 45, .• 50, 'll 19. Sundays 4 30, a.m., 40, 11 19. bßxcept 131,,„c1aY4. Eitl4-•,ktairn-8 30, 8 50, 10 55.12 45, 2 4, 3 13, 6 30, 755, 1015. tilaYs 8 0, 5 40, 220 POOL (Talbot Road)-8 12, 8 45. 9 55, 105, 11 40, 1 20, 5 15,7 10, 8 35, 100. Sundays 7 40, 1 35, 5 15, 8 40. 45 12" i (Central)-8 0, 8 27, g 55, 9 55, 10 10, 20. 2 , /7.▪ 34 55, 8 15., Sundays 7 10, 1 20,4 55, 8 50. '▪ El/45 2°4---5 45, 80, 8 40, 10 35. 12 35, 2 20, 4 15, 5 13, 0 ."`).u. Sundays 820 a.m..6 10, 920 p.m. Flu ce-12 5, 6 50, 840, 9 30, 12 34, 1 40, 4 22, 5 38, 841. et!• ili,43's 12 5 a m.. 8 41. 12 10 p.m. 0:7 25, 8 45, 9 40, 1012, 115, 11 40. 1 25, 2 10, a• o' -5. 4 45:5 10,5 30. 6 35. 7 35, 835, *lO 0. Sundays 20, ▪ 00117:111., 650 p.m.. 8 30. *Saturdays oßly. 'lO 'Ps Green 6 39, 7 16. 8 42. 10 9, 12 39, 1 4, 1 43, 2 10, 6,5 28, 6 23, 7 47, 9 16, 10 46. Sundays 8 10, 715. • :"--2 3,4 az 60, 8 13. 9 20, 11 5, 1110, 12 55. 25, 2 35, ;v.,' 8 b., 920. Sundays 23. 4 42, 7 10,2 40. 40, 9 12. 414,r7Vnry-8 16, 10 17, 11 43, 2 47, 5 22, 9 9. Sundays P.m. " • %Y 0,53/4-8 15, 1020. 1 10, 35, 350, 4 45, 7 0, 8 3, al2 35, 91-; Zundays 730 6 18, 6 50, 3 33. aExcept Mondays. 4°n-6 43; 720. 8 46, 9 29. 1013, 1129. 1 44 A' 314 3 21, 50, 5 32, 6 27, 7 50, 9 20, 10 50,1. *ll a • 14 ,9 59, 7 20, 9 27. *Saturdays only. 141'n rgn-10 20, 20.6 0, 9 10. Sundays 60, 9 10_. f.g er's Ferry & Penketh-7 12, 95.9 43, 12 28, . 17, 31 Prn,•,6 54, 8 57. Sundays 8 32. 2 57, 87. 05,--1111-7 55, g 3, 102, 1127, 232, 47, 57,657,75. I,4ar,Z 22. *Saturdays only. Sundays 6 59. 716 p.m. ▪ 1;4 (Cheshire Lines)-5 54, 627,7 60, 90, 9 50, 10 48, • At: 2 13, 420, 4 56. 58, 556, 657, 93, 1121. Sun- -044-1 ‘O. 9 10, 2 40, 3 17, 4 42, 6 51, 8 41. ir,4611)„°W,. -1010,20, 555, 95. Sundays 5 50. 95. -644,826. lO 22, 12 28. 1 54, 241,535,820,91, A 4011,,n,ndays 9 40, 7 5. • S'Dr-Treen--640, 83, 8 25,9 10, 10 3,1 14, 154.224,455 7.3.7 11. 9 18, 11 35. Sundays 37, 19 20, 3 31,430 011 d Cadishead (Central)-6 58. 7 38, 9 56, 12 55,5 4, ),,tttel-},;""• Sundays'°rd lO 59, 6 50, 8 35. 10 0.-8 13. 8 40, 932 106. 11 17, 120. al 45. 213, za, • b 5 46, 6 7, 6 49, 7 49, 9 42, 1127. Sundays 833, I Live aSaturdaya only. bBaturdays excepted. •ao 4-riz'om ol (via Earlestown)-a2 05, 60, 8 0, 9 20, 11 50, .84' 5 35,7 5, 835, 105, *lll5. Sundays 730, 920. s aMondays only. *Saturdays only. V 4014 lanes-6 25-8 20, 95, 9 55. 12 20, 1 30, 2 40, 3 35, 4 20, ' e u. 8 10, 10 45. Sundays 7 45. 210 7 20. 1045. 3,5 'nerPoel (Central)-5 45, 6 10,7 30. 8 30, 8 40, 8 43, 9 30, 10 30.11 20, 1130, 11 55.12 30, 1240, 130, 150. 20, • 430, 440, 45J, 530. 536, 630,635.730,80, SS; ' 30, alo 45, 11 0, 11 30. Sundays 80.9 0, 230. Intorn.in 6 30, 8 30, 9 30. aMondays and Saturdays only. 12 (L. & 15. 7 15, 10 30, 2 10, 410, 530, u• Sundays 10 0 a.m.. 50, 10 0. 12 0. "20.4c1°T1 (Midland)-5 15, 10 5, 12 0, 20. 40,50, a 9 15, Ly,„„Sundays 3 15, 12 0. a except Mondays 414 -85, 32, 9 23, 9 58, 11 9, 1 11, a 137, 25. 2 50, 25'. ac,6, 55C 6 41, 7 41, 9 33, 11 19. Sundaysaturdays only. bSaturdays excepted. • 8 25, 2 25, a. •Rciass"nxelioner (L. & N.-W.)-6 0, 7 0, 85, 9 40, 11 25, 1 5, 3 4• 5, 4 25, 5 10, 75, 9 40, 1040. Sundays 8 0,9 50, 414,, From Exchange. • S Iliester (London-road)-7 15, 750, 9 25, 1035, 12 35, '43:l' 40, 15 5, 5 20, 6 5, 7 5. 8 55, 10 45. Sundays 4 . 40, 6 40. bSaturdays excepted. 113041. nester (Cheshire Lines)-6 48, 7 20, 8 30, a 9 5, 147 g 10 30 10 45. 11 30. 1230. 12 45, 130, 230. 3 30, 4.. 30, °U, 6 10:6 30 730 8 30. 8 33, 9 50, alo 50, 11 0. Sun- -9 15, 9 30;10 40:1 40. 2 0, 2 5, 6 30. 8 15, 9 40. aMon- kic'rin Saturdays only. dlewich-6 58, 11 37. 2 42, 6 1. ilec're---7 0, 9 6, 11 55,3 20, 4 50, 6 57. Sundays 8 15,4 48. 1245•W6)n-le-Willows-6 55, 7 30, 842 9 24, 10 9, 11 23, 11_52_, 1°1• 4, ;• 6. 1 30, 34,4 7, 4 58, 55. 5 6 27, 7_30, 8035, 9 9 Sundays 8 30, 9 49, 10 0, 3 50, 7 2 , 11 s'. I,4oSaturdays only. 1120 Vte-7 51, 8 32, 109, 19. 5 17, 9 16. Sundays 8 53, ?r 4S e4""n• -a2 11, 12 36, 5 50, 95. 9 39, 11 15, 11 28, 1 0, 312, 'O4l „45,c7 40,7 59, 9 35,10 47, Sundays 2 11, 8 35, 3 15, 6 e'Ltt 36. aMondays excepted. bNlonday mornings only. I▪ le4l-4:c's and Mondays only. he0rK......8 39, 919, 10 23, 12 2.9, 130, 256, 440, 545. '‘)2 (for Penketh)-6 51, S 14 8 41. 927, 10 19, 11 24, 3,0.2 40. 3 44, 5 21, 5 40, 6 22, 7 26, 9 34. Sundays 849, 8. (C.L.C.) 444 --) (Midland) via Chinley and Dore Line (conamenc•d -11 0, 20, 4 160 55. 6 5 Sunday:: 8 15. Ilekos-6 25, 70, 8 2E, 9 15, 11 15, 125, 12 50, 1 30, 295,5, 4 45,5 15, 610, 720, 90, 10 39, *ll 20. Sundays ) 6 55, 9 5. .satur lays only. .0, 'SO -"lPort (I d Street) 8 10, 90, 10 20. 11 25, 10. 2 15. , a 43's 0 ~.. ,85,a9 0, 9 Sundays 90, 25,80. aSattu- i TClll3'. • 9. 830, 928, 10 2, 11 13, 1 15, al 41, 29, 255, • 3, 645, 745, 9 37, 11 23. Sundays 829, A :3rid,„`• aSaturdays only. ()Saturdays excepted. 1.40 dls (L. & 5, 853, 9 33,10 33, 12 20,12 53,2 10, v• 50. 5 55, 50, 11 6. Sundays 824, 2 50. 7 59, 2.,1741 • (Cheshire Lines 3-8 30, 9 13, 10 9, 11 12, 12 25, 127. U:Et47°2',..41. 25, 5 29,6 12,7 16, 7 56, 9 25. Sundays 8 42, 3 36, 20. • 31Z,n-2 41, 3 5, 633, 8 15. 9 31, 10 10. 11 23. 1215. 1 23, 54,6 10, a 5 5,8 10, 8 52, 1030. Sundays 2 41, 9 50, " 'a, 1113. altuns from July 14th, to August, 2716.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EFFECTS OF SEA AIR.

We constantly find people pondering over the value of sea air as a recuperating power. In the first place it should be pointed out that sea air is everywhere some- what moist, it is generally of relatively high density, it is always more or less in motion, and it is to some slight extent impregnated with saline particles ; it is, on the whole, much more equable in temperature than inland or mountain air. As regards its physiological action upon the healthy organism, sea air is usually tonic—i.e., it promotes the processes of nutrition t is also very generally stimulant—i.e., an excitant of the nervous system—but to this rule there are many exceptions. Warm and moist sea air, combined with conditions of local shelter, may even be decidedly sedative in character. There seem to be grounds, the " Lancet "tells us, for believing that sea air is always more or less provocative of metabolism (the performance of tte natural human function by which nourishment of the body and excre- tion of waste are affected) and tissues change in the organism. The influence of sea air upon those who ail) in ordinary health is in the great majority of cases bene- ficial. Those who are well at home experience in most cases an accession of vigour at the sea-side; those who are languid and debilitated from over-work or lone- continued strain, apart from actual illness, obtain a like benefit from sea air. The applicability of sea air to states of disease re- quires, however, rather more careful consideration. The neurotic, the hypochondriacal,the dyspeptic patient will as often get injury as benefit from such a prescription. The sufferer from cutaneous disease should, as a rule, avoid the sea. Rheumatic and gouty patients do not commonly benefit by sea air. Simple debility and anemia usually benefit by the sea air, The freshness and purity of the air, the breeziness, and the large aver- age of sunlight are a sufficient explanation for this. It is a matter of common observation that the nervous system, in some cases, is rendered more irritable by sea air, with resulting insomnia, nervous debility, and the like; while in other cases sea air produces unusually deep and refreshing sleep, and a general sense of" bien etre." In some cases, again, the effect of sea air is at first excitant and subsequently sedative. Much depends upon the special characteristics of any particular resort, prevailing winds, shelter, /cc. The safe general rule seems to be that where there is much irritability, particularly of the sort that may be termed " irritable weakness," sea air disagrees. Where the nervous system is simply torpid or debilitated, with- out decided irritability, sea air will often be found beneficial. Another broad rule that may help in decid- ing for or against the seaside is the well-known fact that all inflammatory conditions tend to be aggravated by sea air.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
BRITISH HEROES.

" The Downfall of Lobengula," by W. A. Wills and L. T. Collingridge, contains a description of the late of Major Wilson and his party,one of the saddest and most heroic incidents in British history. To the end there was no thought of surrender, no re- quest for quarter. Taking cover behind the dead bodies of their horses, the little party fought for two long hours. Again and again the Matabeli would issue from their cover, and again and again were repulsed with a well-directed fire. But at last the end came "Of the thirty-four valiant men whose hearts beat high with hope and courage as they rode behind their leader in the early dawn that morning, only one re- mained erect ; the rest lay prone, dead or dying, upon that field of honour. " The name of the one man who stood at bay against art army of Matabeli will never be known; his remains could not be identified. But the natives tell that, picking up several rifles and bandoliers, this hero amongst heroes made his way to an ant heap some twenty yards from where the rest lay stretched upon the earth. "From that point of vantage he checked, single- handed, several rushes of the Matabeli with a cool and deadly fire. At length, shot through the hips, he sank on his knees, but continued to load and fire until he succumbed to his wounds. "Then, and not till then, the Matabeli came out from the bush, but on reaching the hallowed circle, where the patrol lay side by side, were fired upon by several of the unconquerable wounded who were still alive. 'So great had been the terror and demoralisation inspired by the desperate bravery of the patrol, that when the revolvers rang- out the natives turned and fled precipitately into the bush ; and it wa.s not till several hours later—when the sun was right overhead, as the MaZabeli tell the tale—that they again ventured to leave their cover. But by this time death had mercifully comet' the wounded, and as the native warriors gazed upon the forms of their fallen foes there was silence. " For some weeks afterwards the comrades of these brave men had hoped against hope that even one of the patrol might have escaped down the Shangani River, al- though, as Ingram, the American scout, had explained, Two of the men were dismountrA, and many of the horses were completely done up. Some of those with the best mounts might have got away, but—well, they were not the sort of men to leave their chums.' He added, ; I guvss they fought it out right there— where they stood.' rhus it was ; for when Dawson crossed the river some weeks afterwards, the bones of thirty-three of Wilson's heroic band were found laying close together, even as they had stood at the last supreme moment. Those of the dauntless man who had faced the Matabeli alone lay apart."

Thr, floyal Laundresses say Critchley's " STAncyr (3-rm,s is unequalled for impartinst a beautiful finish to st.trclwa Lnets, &c., either cold or boiliag water starch. Mr. —, Corn- says :—" My wife will not finish our linen without your "Starch Gloss." From Mrs. —, Bradford "Dear sit I am pleased to inform you that I have tried many so-called Starch Glazes and Paishes, but find none equal to yours." It should be used in every house. Sold at Id., 3d., and 6r1., ,by moat titarz.h scllen. If not in stock will iroenre it.l. URITCZLET. Ehtekburn, Proprietor.—itdvt..

Owing to the refusal of the manufacturers to grant the Blackburn list to the lootners and drawers, it is feared that the whole of the cotton mills in Preston will have to step. Lord Rosebery, asked by a correspon lent if he thinks the parish council elections should be conducted apart from political considerations, says that would be the most desit able course in the abstract, but he is of opin- fon that the matter will be decided by the localities themselves. He points out that in some districts politics find a place in municipal elections, and asserts that it is impossible to lay down a gelteral rule.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SAI URDAY SEPTEMBER 22, 1894.

JOHN WALKER AND CO., PROPRIETORS OF THE EXAMINER SERIES OF

ToRiAL lANoFoRTE UT° R, NET, 250 PAGES (Full Music Size). Descriptive Prospectus The most re- me POST Contains 7o Illustrations The Pictorial Tutor ID being published at Net sent Post Free on application arkable B;.cheapest and over zso Songs. P rice, it cannot be obtained of pto " Magazine of Uusic." Office, hook ever publi,lied. The Dances, Carols, Anthems any book or music seller underss 20. Ludgate Hill, London, H C. Pianoforte simplified. FREE and Hymn Tunes.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
LANCASHIRE & CHESHIRE COUNTY NEWSPAPERS

WHICH COMPRISE rrHE 117arrington Mid-Cheshire Examiner, pub- lished Saturday morning. The district covered by the Paper comprises many populous manufacturing towns and villages, and a large agricultural tract.

THE Earlestown and Newton Examiner, and Ashton, Colborne, and Haydock Reporter, published Friday afternoon. The district is in the heart of the Lancashire coal field.

rIIFIE St. Helens Examiner and Preseot Weekly News, published Friday afternoon. The district comprises the eentre of the Glass, Chemical, and Watch Trades of the King- orn.

rrHE Runcorn Examiner, published Friday after- noon. It is the only Weekly Paper in the district. and offers the best and cheapest facilities to advertisers. THE lirieln,ls Examiner,. published Friday after- noon. Whines contains the largest number of Chemical Works of any town in the kingdom, and is rapidly becoming an important centre of industry. Auction, Education, Wanted, To be Let, On Sale, Legal Public Meeting, Sermon, Lecture, Bazaar, and other Public Notices, Advertisements (except Parliamentary)are inserted in all the above papers at one charge.

Each of the above papers consists of 8 pagiAs. 56 long and wide columns,each column admitting more matter than the eolumns of any other local paper—a fact deserving the atten- tion of both advertisers and subscribers. Each Examtner, in Addition to giving the local intelligence of the district, in which it circulates, contains the general news of the week. Price of each Paper—ONE PENNY.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS.

One Charge secures Insertion of the undermentioned Adver

tisements in ALL the FIVE EXAMINERS.

WANTEDS, TO BE LETS, 18 WORDS 6D.. ON SALES, And 3d. for each succeeding 9 words.

One Three Six Words. Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 Os, 6d. ... is. 3d. ... 2s. M. 27 Os. 9d. ... is. 10d. ... 3s. Od. 36 is. Od. ... 28. 6d. ... 4s. Od. 45 is. 3d. ... 3s. id. ... ss. Odi. bii is. 6d. ... 3s. Bd. ... 65. Od.

These charges apply only to the classes of advertise- ment specified below, and are strictly confined to those which are ordered for CONSECUTIVE insertion and PAID FOR PREVIOUS TO INSHRTION I otherwise they will be charged by the Business scale : AEAREMENIS WANTED HOUSES WANTED APARTMENTS TO I..vT HORSES TO BE SOLD ARTICLES LOST MISCELLANEOUS WANTS ARTICLES FOUND MISCELLANEOUS SALES BUSINESSES TOR DISPOSAL PARTNERSHIPS WANTED BUSINESSES WANTED SITUATIONS WANTED HOUSES TO LET SITUATIONS VACANT Advertisers have thus the opportunity of WIDE PUBLICITY AT A CHEAP RATE.

Advertisements received at any of the District Offices, or may be sent to the Chief Office, Warrington. Stamps received for amounts under ss.

PRINTING! PRINTING!

THE WARRINGTON "EXAMINER,"

===== 0002601_18940922_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
GENERAL PRINTING DEPARTMENT

Has an established reputation for giving Careful and Prompt Attention to the wants of all Customers: and its facilities for the production of Good Work of every kind—from the smallest typographic trifle to the biggest mural" Mammoth " are available to the public, at prices which are strictly moderate. Careless, inartistic, andslovenly printing is the bane of business men. They find it doesn't pay to have it—even at " the lowest tender."

JOHN WALKER AND CO.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
UNDERTAKE

PRINTING FOR CORPORATIONS, PRINTING FOR LOCAL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR BOARDS OF GUARDIANS, PRINTING FOR PUBLIC COMPANIES, PRINTING FOR SCHOOL BOARDS, PRINTING FOR CHURCHES, PRINTING FOR CHAPELS, PRINTING FOR MERCHANTS, PRINTING FOR LOAN OFFICES, PRINTING FOR INSURANCE OFFICES, PRINTING FOR MANUFACTURERS, PRINTING FOR SOLICITORS, PRINTING FOR ACCOUNTANTS, PRINTING FOR BANKS, PRINTING FOR AUCTIONEERS, PRINTING FOR FRIENDLY SOCIETIES, PRINTING FOR BUILDING SOCIETIES.

PRINTING FOR CRICKET CLUBS, PRINTING FOR TRADESMEN, PRINTING FOR ALL.

Auctioneers' Sale Bills, Catalogues, Conditions of Sale Circulars, Pamphlets, Price Lists, Programmes for Concerts, Soirees, Balls, &c.; Rules for Friendly, Building, and Co-operative Societies; Cricket Club Rules, Time Sheets and Books, Note Headings, Memorandums, Work Notes, Bill Heads Business, Visiting, and Mourning Cards, Handbills, &a.

Solicitors, Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and others requiring Printing of any description, are requested to give a trial.

pLACARDS ANY SIZE OR COLOUR.

THE " LEVIATHAN " PLACARD

Single Sheet, sft. 31n. by 31t. 91n. THE LARGEST IN THE DISTRICT.

A atONSTRE PLACARD may be formed by joining a number of the" LEVIATHAN" SHEETS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTE RS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS. MAMMOTH POSTERS.

A SPECIALTY. LARGE TYPE

FOR THE MOST STRIKING

===== 0002601_18940922_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
POSTER

Produced in the Count

pAINST AK I N G PRINTERS are now-a-days sought for by business men who study real economy in announcements which they wish the public to notice ; as well as by Friendly Societies, Trade Unions, Trading Associations and Companies, in the careful production of Reports, Balance Sheets &c.; and by Musical Unions, Pastors, and Choir Conductors, for neatly and tastefully arranged PROGRAMMES, BOOKS OF WORDS, WINDOW BILLS, PLACARDS, &c.

THE "ELIMINER " WORKS, BEWSEY-STREET PROGRAMMES FOR BAZAARS. PROGRAMMES FOR SALES OF WORK. PROGRAMMES FOR BALLS. PROGRAMMES FOR CONVERSAZ lONES PROGRAMMES FOR SOIREES. PROGRAMMES FOR CONCERTS. PROGRAMMES roa FE FES, &c.

GENERAL PRINTING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION Executed with Neatness and Despatch.

SPECIALITY:

ENVELOPES FROM 2S. PER 1,000.

kiOOKBINDING

ESTIMATES GIVEN FOR ALL KINDS OF BOOKBINDING, ACCOUNT BOOKS, RULED, rRINTED, AND BOUND IN ANY STYLE.

JOHN ALUM AND Co., T 1134

"EXAMINER; STEAM PRINTING WORKS

EEWSEI: STREET., 17:111E11.iQ10:1.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
p SOOTHING POWDERS,

FOR CHILDREN CUTTING TEETH. IN jSE OVER FIFTY YEARS.

"JOHN STEEDMAN, CHEMIST, WALWORTHI SURREY."

is engraved on the Government Stamp affixed to each packet.

DR. MACKAY S MARVELLOUS FEMALE REMEDY I SAVE A DOCTOR'S FEE. ADVICE TO."-LADIES (FREE). F, OR ALL OBSTRUCTIONS and IRREGULARI- A LADY SPECIALIST (qualified) rnany years TIES stands 'lndy dled. The most stubborn and hope- I attached to a Fern de Hospital, is eabled to POSl- less cases yield to this extraordinary Medicine in six hours. I TIVELY GUARANTEE the DESIRED RES "I,T in a few Immense sale throughout the w3rld. Thousands of sufferers 1 cured, Testimonials (Genuine), with full Instructions and mhoauyrsb,en. oannlia etyteenr when loen,egrystthainridgi neglstehheiasl ILI iILGUL AR I TY Advice. Iccompany each bottle Sent Rost free, under cover, for ss. 6d. Write at once, enclosing stamped addressed Da. MACKAY. 104, HIGH HOLBORN, London. I envelope, to SPECIALIST .73eware of Dishonest Imitators. 295. STRAN 0, W.C.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
A GOOD FAhIiLY ',..EDICIINE, CNEST,

W ITII a prudent use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good Compound such as

COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious compartments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but

===== 0002601_18940922_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S PILLS,

as 'tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best —Observer.

FREE FROM MERCURY,

===== 0002601_18940922_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
IMPAIRED DIGESTION,

CONSTIPATION, WEAK STOMACH

===== 0002601_18940922_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
DISORDERED LTV/7R

and. FEMALE AILMENTS.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
ciFOR THE BLSIODIS:THE'LIEr.I.

prirvirivo - •

WORLELtYAMED

===== 0002601_18940922_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
'BLOOD Nil) TURE

THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS.

' "We have seen hosts of letters from people who have receive great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture. It Cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses end clears the blood from all Impuritieo." This is a good testimonial from the Flintily Doctor, which eoes on fuithPr to sal/ "It is the fittest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to li2ht„ and we can with the utmost confidence iecornmcad it to our subscribers and the public generally."

Warranted to cleanse the blood from ell impurities, from whaterer cause arising For Scrofula, Scurvy., itczeina, skin and kllood Diseases, Pimples, end !ores of all kinds, its effects -re marvellous. It is the only real specific for Gout and Rheumatic Pain,, for it removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials. In bottles 2s. 9,4. end 11s. each, of all Chemists. Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- prP4ors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIVIS DRUG LI.NCOLn Beware of Vt'ort

===== 0002601_18940922_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
COCKLE'S

ANTIBILI +S PILLS.

OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
For BILE, LIVER, ACIDITY, INDIGI7.S-1-1.,.!, ac.

W OMAN'S FRIEND, HUXLEY'S SPECIAL MIXTURE.

THE MOST POWERFUL AND EFFECTUAL MEDICINE KNOWN The recipe of a famous French Physician. Quick, sure, and certain. Never fails to Relieve and Cure, no matter how caused, P,,st free to any address for 2s. 9d. or ss. Gd. per bOtle. Full instructions with each.

Send for the WIFE'S FRIEND, a book for every woman who wishes to keep healthy.—D. GLASGOW 1-I.UXLEY. M.D. (U.S.), 176. CPlnPtery-road. Sheffield. and Masonic Buildings (opposite Market). Rotherham.

TO LIES!

W E A

THE GREAT INDIAN FEMALE MEDICINE, was die- GRAVEL covered by a married Lady during her travels in the Far GRAVEL East, who has never known it to tail in remaying the worst GRAVEL asses of Irregularity or Obstruction in two hoors, even after GRAVEL 111 €ether remedies fail, nothing can possibly resist the action GRAVEL of this extrao,dinary preparation, wh ch is almost instantane- GRAVEL ous in its effect. Ladies will avoid much expense, illness, GRAVEL WJrry,and cruel bitter disappointment by having this remedy GRAVEL at once. Sent secure from observation for 43. 6d.—Mrs. BA,t• Chemists, RINGTON, 4, Fettherstone:buildinge, London. W.C. 1 from THE

PROi

AT AD AM E FRAIN'S FAMOUS FEMALE MIXTURE. The most powerful and effecttve on earth. For the most obstinate cases. Wili not injure the most delicate. Prim, 7s 6d (Strongest us bottle). Post free fid extra. HERBAL I SSTITUTE, IA, HACK MY-ROAD, (hieing Shoreditch Church), LONDON, N.B. Send at, once stamped directed envelope for narticulars and proofs. I will forfeit £lOO for every testimonial that is not genuine, end they mu be seen at any time.

LLS'S GRAVEL Pl] sure curefor Gravel, Lumbago, Pains in tl Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaints Diseases of the Kidneys, Bladder, Urinary Organs. Stone, Gleet. Strictu e Sciatica, Rheumatism, &c. The Effect of One Box is Marvellous. Price 1/14 and 2/9 per Box. Agents z—Nells. Chemists 69. Higher Banam. Black Lurn Thornber, Chemist. Accrington; 13, rues, 29. Pitzngington-road, Preston ; or free b: IPRI ETOII,, 41, Sc,otiand-road, Liverpool,

L S„ le back PILLS PILLS PILLS PILLS PILLS PILLS PILLS PILLS )3, post

===== 0002601_18940922_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
PURE IRISH LI EN=

IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN

IRISII,I 021siTBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS

Guaranteed all Pure Flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen.

IRISH LINEN COLLARS.

Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars, 5/6 per dozen; made special to pattern, 6/6 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittim.:s, 3/9,4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. HUSH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. 2 yds. square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 41d. per yd. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yd. SURPLICE LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS FOR SUMMER AND EVENING WEAR. IRISH TWEED all Pure Wool. Unsurpassed for Strength, Durability, and Style. Please say if for Ladies' or Gents' Wear. PATTERNS FREE BY RETURN OF POST.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. G. R. HUTTON & CO .5 LARNE, BELFAST,

LADIES! DR. LIDINGTON'S NEW MEDICAL DISCOVERY for mart led or single women is positively the safest and most successful method known for removing all Irregularities and Obstructions no matter how caused ar long standing, no j naweous pills, powders. mixtures or any other useless j stomach medicine to take. Failure impossible under this j treatment. Sufferers may obtain particulars free o charge 1 by sending stamped addressed envelope to Dr. Lintmiros, j 46 Southampton Buildings, Holborn, London. .

LAM ES.—FRM ALE IRREGULARITIES and OBSTRUCTIONS.—Th? DIFFICUL'I Y SOLVED AT LAST.—A lady having Tried in Vail/ Every Advertised Remedy, has at last discovered a SIMPLE MEANS of SELF- CURE, particulars of which she will forward FREE OF CHARGE to Her Poor Suffering Sex on receipt of stamped addressed envelope. Send at once, and waste DO more time and money upon Worthless Pills. Mixtures, and other So- called Remedies of this class, which case pain, sickness, and Injury to the system without having the necessary effcct.— Write, with full hope and conEdence, to Mrs. ST. CLAIR, 46. Southampton Buildings, Chancery-lane, London, W.C.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0113.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• , •

===== 0002601_18940922_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
THERE ARE PLASTERS AND PLASTERS.

DR. PYNAR'S AMERICAN PINE PLASTERS. ARE. MAP.VELLOUS AND RELIABLE. If you are troubled w,th Indigestion. Wind. or Sick- ness. DON' V TAKE VIEDICINE. TRY PYNAK'S PINE PLASTER, the mosf Wonderful Cure for Back Ache, Site Ache. ItheurnAisrn, Lumbago, Sciatica; -i face. the very wortt Aches or Pains. TIIEY ACT LIKE MAGIC. Are Grit, till, Comforting, Stimulating, AND BRACE Uts THE WHOLE SYSTEM. Astoolsh;ng Tstimonials from all Classes. SUFFEEEKS FROM A',THMA. SHOULD TRY TIICSE WONDERFUL PLASTERS. DON'T HESITATE. T ItY THIS WONDERFUL REMEDY AT ONCE. It your Chemist has not ;zot it, sent Post Free for 91d. by the Proprietors, LAWRENCE, AND Co., CHENIISTS, AGENTS : 11.UNCORN—Mr. J D. Weston, Chemist. WIDNES—Mr. J. Bennett, Chemist, 32. Victoria Road. EARLESTOWN—Mr. A. Peake, Chemist. WARBINGTO N Jlt Yocng, Chemist. SI. HELENS—Mr. G. Stringfellow, Central Stores. NORTHWICH—Mr. C. M. Bladrs. Chemist.

SOUTIIPORT, PRIVATE CONVALESCENT HOME. TKRIIS MODERATE. RIG REST REFERENCES. MISSES MARMOT AND BROWNS, TRAINED NURSES. KNYPERSLBY HOUSE, PARK-ROAD.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
tetteto to Mr Otittor.

• THE FOOD OF THE PEOPLE. Sir,—lt has again and again been pointed out that a substantial meat can be prepared tor which a simple halfpenny shall cover the cost ot the ingredients. Now, although I wholly depre.cate any attempt to lower the subsistence minimum, and thereby tend to reduce the minimum on which some wages are calculated, I feel that, none the less, a fact is always an important item of knowledge to obtain, and that it the fact of the proper mode of economical nutrition were more widely known, we should not only have less distress in the homes of the poor, but less disease also. If the scanty earnings are spent on cheap flesh meat or fish, the parts purchased will be either the offal or the best parts in a stale state. Either of these will be injuri- ous to the habitual consumption of cheap and improper food by the poor, is manifest in the various forms of disease which affect them, and which appear in our con- tinuous round in the out-patient department of every Large hosp:tal. Mal-nutrition lies at the root of an enor- mous number of diseases which decimate the poor— especially the women and their weakly off-spring. I venture by your courtesy to point out that (1) every- one should eat of the best goods ; that (2) grains (e.g. wheat, oats, maize) used in puddings and porridges : pulses (e.g. lentils, beans, peas) used in soups, savouries and puddings; fruit (e.g. dates, raisins, apples) eaten with bread, at prices ranging from id. to 4d. per lb.; ripe, mature and sound, er_ wn under the full sunlight and in the pure air of the Southern lands, are far more healthy, more nutritious and more beneficial to the con- sumers, than the fl-sh of animals, fed in semi-darkness, fattened on a surfeit of oily goods, deprived of exercise and then killed to prevent them dying at the moment when their own fat was on the point of suffocating them. In the interests of the health and happiness of the community I venture to draw-attention tothe important social fact that everyone should eat of the best ot every- ' thing, and that this can be done it food can be derivea from the vegetable kingdom. I do not give advice which I am afraid to adopt mrself,for I have been tor ten years a strict vegetarian, with marked benefit. Your readers should send P. ddreFsf-d wrapper for some free literature to the office of "The liegJarian " Memor- ial Hall, Farringdon-street, E.C., or they might do well to enclose a small postal order for cookery books and for literature to enlighten beginners in the better pathway of diet.—Yours truly, . JOSIAII OLDFIELD, 11.1.8.C.L.

CRICK ET. WARRINGTON 2ND v. WIISNINOTON.—The last match of the season was played by Warrington 2nd at Winning ton on Saturday. The toll•ming are the -,cores : WARRINc.TON. WINNINGTON. Adamson b Frteman ...... 4 Stabler, rd b Wong s worth l2 Bibby b Lewis ............... 7 Brunnet b Ashton Clarke not out Wordsworth b Freeman.- 4 Wordsworth Smith c and bFt eery an... 0 Sadler c hruitl k b Ashton 0 Hampson bRo gluey ll Freeman lbw h Crompton ... 16 Crompton, Woods Dun- Guthrie c Ashton b Cromp- bobbin, A shton, Hatton, ton l3 did not bat Hargreaves it Clarke Dale not out Sh .w not out 7 Boughley, Lewis, did not bat Extras

Extras ............... 1

Total 125

T0ta1............... 70

EARLBSTOWN V. LElGH.—Earlestown finished a very successful season at Leigh on Saturday by a creditable vistory over their old opp, rents Leigh. Winning the toss the home players commenced batting on a wicket that was still wet with the previous night's heavy dew, necessitating, the frequent use of sawdust. Bouth and Bunn made a capital star, the partnership yielding 44 runs, but with four addod two other wickets fell. Stewart then made a useful stand, which yielded 24. Of the rest Hindley alone succeeded in reaching double figures, the sum total of the innings being 110. The usual pair starttd batting f.r the visitors, but with only nine on the hoard, Rushand unfortunately played a ball into his wieke, s. On Miller j Aning Dennis, matters took a. more favourable turn, but at 37 Dennis also played on. Matters went badly for the vistors, Nokes, Bell, Emmett and T. Clare being dismisse,l in rapid succession. San- ders however proved a usel ul partner to Miller. who, up to this point had not scoree with his usual freedom, but opening out, he commenced hitting in brilliant form ,and though the light was very defective he soon reached his 50, and with only six wickets down, the match was won. The tail end gave a lot of trouble, F. Clare, Alderson and Sanders, all reaching double figures, whilst Miller's in- nings amounted tc 76, included in which was a 6,5, and 11 fours. This is the Sixth time he has scored over 50 this season. The total number of runs he has made amounts to 677. Score :•—• LEIGH. EARLESTOW:f. D Booth c F Clare b G W Dennis to Bunn Dennis ..................... 19 G Husband b Hindley Bunn c T Clare b Dennis 22 J Miller c Unsworth b Hart 76 J W Tuner c l‘liller b W H Nokes b Bonn 0 Dennis 0 11 Bell c Hindley b Bunn ... 5 W Stewart c Ymmett b C W Emmett c Williams b Husband . 24 Bunn 3 Pass b Bell T Hart b Alderson J W Unsworth b Alderson 6 J Sanders e Unsworth b W Hindle v b Allerson ... 10 Turner.. l2 F. Horrabin c and b Hug- j Alderson b Williams band 0 F Clare c Turner b Booth ... 17 3 Higginson not out E Williams c and b Hue- Extras band. ................ 6 Extras 8

Total 178

Total ............ 110

NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS V. WORSLEY.—PIayed at New- ton on Saturday. Score : WOBSLI.Y. NEWTON. W Smith lbw b Bates BW H Ilindley b Richardson 2 B Murray c and b B ites 4 W H Parks c Smith b BRichardon b Bates l6 Richardson 46 H Jackson run out 2B J Cooke b Smith b Richard- 1' Wootton c 11 Hindle), b 80E 1 Bates W Jackson c Mills b B ttes 24 E. Mills c Wootton b B. V. Shawcross b Bates... 0 Richardson 6 F H Sugden not out ...... 5 W Dudgeon c Skipton b J D Sugden b B jerley .•. 7 Richardson 0 S Skipton st Wright b F Brierley c W Jackson b H 8ate5........................ 1 Jacksou T Clarke st Wright b R Carson b H Jackson Bates ........................ 2 W Wright not out T Wilkinson b H Jackson H Hindle), not out Extras

Extras ... ............ 6

For 9 wickets 124

Total. .............. 136

_ _ NEwToN-LE-WILLows C.C. IsT TEAM .—Matches played 15, won 9, lost 3, drawn 3, 3 abandoned through rain and 2 through cup ties. BATTING AVBBAGES. Innings Times plard not out runs. aTerage. 3 Cooke ...... 13 1 208 17'33 W Turton ... 12 2 154 15.40 It Mills ...... 15 1 184 13.14 A Winby ...... 9 1 91 11.37 Bates . ........ 15 156 10.40 W H Parl 5... 8 1 61 871 D Lister ..... 14 -- 119 8.50 W Wright ... 11 3• 64 800 F Brierley ... 11 1 65 6.50 Wll Hindley 9 1 40 5.00 A Harrison... 8 2 30 5-00 less thin six innings. 3 Laithwaite 4 3 20 2000. A B Boshell 5 1 63 15.75 T Harrison ... 5 1 33 950 li Carson ...... 5 1 32 800 BOWLING AVERAGES. O. M. 11. W. A. Bates 251 69 517 80 6.46 B. Mills 197 68 345 43 8.02 J Cooke 25 6 66 6 WOO A IT- 11 2 30 2 15.00

uarrison

_ TRIP TO So oELT. Satuz day last the annual choir trip o the Wesleyan ChapA took place, when 24- memberB an I friends proceeded to Southport. A very enjoyable dtv was spent in vaitirg the various p'aosA of interest wirl then the party was treatea to tea by NJ. David Garnett.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTES ON GAMES A,2,1)

===== 0002601_18940922_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALL. The match between Warrington and Barrow on Satur- day was a very unsatisfactory one, for Warrington had to play the greater part of the first hall, and the whole ' of the last half with only fourteen men. Taking this into consideration a draw is not very bad alter all. A great many people considered also that Carey ought to I have been awarded a try at the close of the match, in- I stead (f)f only a minor. It was a very near thing, and Carey had distinctly hard lines in not being able to score owing to the Barrow full back practicaily obstructing him. The Warringtonians have not yet won a victory in the Wilderspool enclosure this seas,m, hut as they have for several seasons been rather indifferent starters, there is nothing to be alarmed at.

Since the season when Warrington gave the Barrow men such a tremendous beating, the two teams have not , been able to do very much with each other. Warrington have had the majority of wins. for Barrow have only a solitary one to boast of, but the wins have been by nar- row majorities. Last year the first match which was played at home, and which wa a league contest, War- rington were victorious by two trios to one. At the re- turn match,the rnsult was a try to nil In favour of War- rington. It is therefore fully evident that Barrow play their best against Warrington. Warrington were dis- tinctly unfortunate in the match OM Saturday, for early in the game Plumpton, who made his debut to the War- rington public in the present season, was compelled to leave the field owing to a severe injury upon his leg. Notwithstanding this fact, they had quite as much of the game as the Barrovians, and the try the latter ob- tained was a most lucky one. It is very rarely that a team finds Heesom napping.

Coming to the players,notwithstanding the blunder he made, Fleesom played extremely well. It is quite un- accountable however he lost his footing in tlt. manner he did, for he is usually so surefooted. The best of men make mistakes sometimes, and it was Heesom's turn on Saturday. However it was his only tniqake, and the rest of his play was almost faultless. His vis-i-vis Sharpe also did justice to his name, for he was veaj, sure in his tackling and fielding. Among the three- quarters, Plumpton showed great promise until his acci- dent, while Evans was also as fearless as ever. Potts did not do anything out of the common in the match. On the other side Popplewell and D:ekinson were es- pecially prominent. "Smack " Bate was without doubt the best half back if not the best player on the field. He played up to his very best form, and fr -quenters 9f the football enclosure at Wilderspool know what that means. Carey was given a trial at half ba,:k, but he was not a success, and when put to his own post at three-quarters again he was far more useful. The Barrow team had also a smart pair of halves in Northtnore and Messenger. Among the home forwards, Turner, Jolley, and Berry were the leading lights.

Nevins deserves a paragraph all to himself. This player entered the football field for the first time this season, and his first position was that of a forward. When Plimpton was injured, Nevins was sent to fill his place at three-quarter bpck, and after half time he was again removed to the half hack divisicn in Carcy's place. Had neesom kindly obliged he would probably have gone full back, and thus filled every position in the team. It is not everyone who can do justice to so many positions as Nevins can, and the team is fortunate in possessing such a many sided player.

--- To-day the Warrington team ent2r upon the league contests, when they will lae favoured with a visit from the Rochdale Hornets. The following is the tam selected to represent Warrington in this match :—Full back. Heesom ; three-quarter backs, Carey, Potts,Evans, and Cunningham ; half tacks. " Smack " Bate, and Clarke ; forwards, Fair Turner, Jolley, Buckley, Taylor, Berry, Dakin, Nevins, and Thorniley.

---- - Warrington should account for the Rochdale team pretty easily.for this team have not been doing anything extraordinary so farvand last SAturday they had to sub- mit to a crushing defeat on their own ground, at the hands of Leeds. Last year the match at Warrington with the Hornets resulted in a somewhat lucky victory for the " wirepullers" by a try to nil, but in the return , at Rochdale the home team were defeated by a goal and a try to a try. The Rochda2e Hornets' stiength has generally been supposed to lie in their forwards, 1 but I hear that this year they have not so good a lot as last year.

-- The " A " team as usual came out on the riga side in their match with Widnes St. Mary's, whom they beat by one goal three tries to nil. The team has yet to ac- knowledge defeat, and they have not even a draw to mar their record. To-day they j-)urney to the heiOits of Mosley to eng,age the Mossley Brow team. They have a good team to uphold thAr honour, as it is of the fol- lowing composition :—Full hack, Busc.ow ; threrquarter backs, Edelsten, Lawless, Mannion, and F. Harnpson ; half backs, John T. Bate and Foden ; forwards, Hough- ton, Bailey, Burrows, Savage, Randalls, Andrews, Fair- hurst, and Wilcocks.

The junior teams of the district were flying at high game on Saturday. For instance, Stcckton Heath took on the Birkenhead Wanderers "A" and defeated them to the tune of two goals and a try to a goal. It is pretty evident that Stockton Heath are very strong this season. They have a very good lot of players, some of whom have played with the Warringt in first team. St Mary's also defeated St. Helens 'A' on Siturday by two tries to a try at Mill-lane. The Warringt,n cup-holders will, without doubt, give as good an accouat of themselves as they did labt year.

On Wednesday night, a meeting of the Lancashire County Football Club was held, to elect the committee for the present season. The following were the persons elected together with the number of votes they received : Northern division (one member) J. M. Mawson, Barrow, ; Southern division (four members), J H. Smith, Widnes, 67 ; J. Higson, Salford, 54 ; J. E. Warren, War , rington, 51; S. E. Wilson, Liverpool, 38 ; N.qth-eastern division (three members). E. Healey, Rochdale Hornets, 55; J. Saville, Oldham, 51; W. Lees, Walk:len and S% Helens, 33; North-wesrern division (four inembersl, J. W. Clegg, Wigan, 78; J. Mills, Swinton, 75; J. Rob- ertson, Broughton, 59; J. C. Poyser, Broughton Rangers, 58.

It was finally decided tl commence a championship competition for a cop, for the " A !' teams of the mem- bers of the first league in the Lancahire Rugby Com- petition. IVarrington "A" will thr•r•foro play their first league match on Saturday next wizh Oldham "A at Warrington. •

The Committee also gave their decision with reference to the charge of professionalism aninst the Leigh club. The proceedings were private, but- the Chairman (Mr. F. A. Grover) eventually announced that the club would be suspended until the end of Novernb,r. This covers all last year's players. Mr. Wright, on behalf of the Leigh Club, seated that an appeal would be lodged with the Rugby Union against the Committee's decision. He allo asked whether the club would be allowed to play pend- ing the decision of the Rugby Uirion. The Chairman replied that the question was one with Which that Com- mittee had nothing to do. In reply to a further ques- tion, the Chairman said the Committee would hold a special meeting within the next week to consider the question whether, the Leigh Club should he allowed to play off the League fistures they had arranged between now and the end of November.after the term of suspen- sion had expired.

I am glad to be able to state that the suspension of the I Leigh club will not interfere at all with the Warrington fixtures. The first meeting of the two teams is fixed for December Ist. at Leigh, and will therefore he the first match which the Leigh club will play after the period of their suspension expires. The following is the team which will represent Roch- dale Hornets ;--full back, Tweedale ; three quarter backs,WightmAn, llatljwell, Bowker, and liherwood ; half backs ; Marshall, and Channyin ; forwards, Ash worth, Butterworth, Dee, Horsfield, Simpson, Melledew- Trevor, and Piggot.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
CRICKET.

Warrington 2nd team concluded their last match on Saturday by making a draw with Winnington Park at Winnington. There was some od play on both si,les, Clarke with 43 not out being the highest scorer. After engaging in the field, the teams met together at the Crown and Anchor, Northwich, where, after tea was , partaken of, a jolly evening was spent ,and the members broke up late in the evening, and Warrington wa4 reached about 10.10 p.m. After this note I don't expect any more cricket notes tor a few months to come.

CYCLING. Those very good friends, the Warrington and Widnes Cycling Clubs, to the number of 37, carried out a most successful inter fixture on Saturday last, after witness- ing and assisting their friends of the Hough Green Cycl- ing Club in their 25 miles handicap they rode on to Crouton where football was indulged in, after which a tnost excellent tea was provided at the " Unicorn " to which the cyclists signified their approval in the usual way. A smoking concert at which such artists as Messrs Mounfield, Whittle, Whitham, Beams, Buxton, Taylor and others of greater rminence ably assisted, bringing to a close a very enjoyable outing at about 9.20.

To-day (Saturday) the Warrineon Club carry out their

THE SUB-CAPTAIN of the Warrington Cycling Club.—Mr. TED PICEAVANCE, writes May 28, 1894. Dear bir,—l have given your DRINKS roNE EMBROCA- TION an exhaustive trial and can safely recommtend it as a good reliable article. A little out rubt_ed into the muscles after a long ride gives a wonderfully soothing effect ; while for a Sprain I know of nothing better. lam confident that when its merits are known amongst Cyclists, and Athletes generally it will command a great Sale. Yours truly, E. PICKAVANCE inn. To be obtained only from the Prowirtor, HENRY M. ASHTON, 63, Sankey-t., (opposite Legb-it.), Warrington.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0119.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_18940922_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY SEPTEMBER 22, 1894.

final (official) run of the season to Cranae (just to think of it!) when the full strength of the club is

===== 0002601_18940922_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
expected to turn out.

ATHLETICS. I notice that a Warringtouian has been achieving \ honours in pedestrianism at the Lee Brook Grounds, Wednesburv. I cull the following from a contem- porary :—‘l Probably one of the best framed pedestrian handicaps launched in the Midlands for many years was that brought to a conclusion at-the Lee Brook Grounds, Wednesbury on Tuesday. The promoters were the Midland Pedestrian Company, who gave the sum of £5O to be competed for in an All-England 135 Yards Foot Handicap. The final, heat, it will be remembered, was run late on Monday night last, when the excited crowd broke into the enclosure and swarnied round the referee, the followers of each man claiming the race. The referee, seeing how matters stood, wisely declared it no race,and ordered the final to be run again on Tuesday, when another large and enthusiastic company assembled Betting ruled at evens Green (Westhoughton), 5 to 4 against Green (Warringtr)n), 6 t 3 1 Crovden, and 8 to 1 Bruton. According to Monday night's final another close and exciting struggle was anticipated. and so it proved. Result :—Green, Warrington, 17-. (£4O), 1; T. Green, Westhoughton, 131- (£6), 2; F. Bruton, Dudley, 15 (£2 103.), 3 • S. J. Croydon, Sed.geley, 20 (103.), 4. A grand struggle took place, the Warrington ped. just holding his own, and winning on the post ; nine inches divided second and third; and half a yard separated third and fourth. W. Lewis, of Birmingham, was starter, and E. Firm, of Darlaston, referee."

Thomas Green,who tiPs been so succes4ul,commenced his "running " career 15 years ago, when he came in third, in a 220 yards handicap, in the Warrington Work- ingmen's club sports. Since then he has won numerous prizes. He woa so many events, that at length he determined to become a professional. After severd failures, he was at length matched with Walsh for £25 a side for the championship of Warrington. Green won the match very easily, and judging from his feat on Saturday, he is still keeping up his good form.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN FREE LIBRARY COMMITTEE.

THE LIBRARIAN'S REPORT OF THE BELFAST

CON FERENCE.

On Tuesday evening the usual monthly meeting of the Runcorn Free Library Committee was held in the Board room of the Town Hall, Mr. IN . -Handley in the chair. There were also present the Rev. John Simpson, Messrs. H. J. Grice, S. Pope, T. Riley, W. llankinson, and J. D. Jones, librarian and secretary. Mr. Jones submitted his cash statement for the past month showing that the receipts had been £sl3s. 91, of which £5O was from the id. rate. The expenditure during the same period amounted to £l9 18. 3d. The report stated that the library had been open 21. days, in the course of which period a total of 1,734 volumes bad been issued, classified as follows :—Lending department: Theology, 29; philosophy, 2; science, 61; history, Sze;., 122; poetry, 17; ficton, 1,31.4; miscellaneous, 138. Reterence department: Miscellaneous, Cl. These figures,' show an increase of 187 in the lending department and 6 in the reference department.—The cash statement and 4 report were adopted.—The Librarian further stated that during the month there had been presented to the + library :—By the Rev. John Simpson, "Minutes of the Wesleyan Conference, 1894 " ; anonymously, a volume of Tacitus," printed at the Elzevir Press, 1672; Mr. James Wildidg (the author), "Building stones used in Liver- pool," being a paper read before the Liverpool Geological S ,ciety ; Mr. S. M. Temperly, a copy of the "Runcorn Free Press? November 9th, 1867.—The Chairman said be presumed that letters of thanks had been forwarded to these donors to which Mr. Jones answered in the affirmative.

TIM BELFAST CONFERENCE. Mr. Jones then presented his report of the " Armin, meeting of the Library Association of the United King- dom held at Belfast, September 4th, sth, 6th, and 7th, 1894." Beneath are a few extracts from the report. “The programme contained a greater number of papers than that of any other meetings since the formation of the Associlation, and dealt with library history, biblio- graphy, library management, and library legislation, besides several papers of a miscellaneous character.' "Mr. Campbell, of the British Museum, contributed an extremely technical paper on The Bibliography of the Future.' He advocated the establishment of a National Bibliographical Bureau, in connection with which there should be numerous societies for the preparation of spe- cial bibliographies, so that every book in Great Britain and Ireland should be properly catalogued, and every article in periodical literature duly indexed. Experts found food for thought in this paper, but your librarian confesses that he was very soon hopelessly lost in the labyrinthine maze of Mr. Campbell's multifarious propo- sals." kenwell open library provoked a most animated discus- sion. It appears that after mature consideration the , Library Commissioners of Clerkenwell decided to admit the public to the shelves to select their own basks. The public are satisfied with the change, and the Commissioners say they would on no account go back to the old system. Several oppon- ents of the plan were inclined to view it with favour when fully laid before them, and the safeguards indi- cated. Is only remains for a new library to begin on the open access principle for it to become pretty general." " Mr. Quinn's paper on the classification of books for libraries in which readers are allowed access to the shelves, was meant to meet one ot the difficulties of the open library system. And a very good system of classifying it seemed to be; the object being to enable the borrower to find what he wants with as little trouble as possible—by baying the works grouped accoraing to their subjects,and not according to their accession number as is usually the case." "Dr Garnett and Mr. Mayhew,of the British Museum, contri- buted papers on Pivot presses at the British Museum,' and On the extension of space in libraries.' The pivot presses are a new ingenious improvement on the well- known sliding presses of the British Museum, and there is little doubt that they provide a means of extendine almost indefinitely the beok accommodation of any library." " Miss James, late librarian of the People's Palace. London, rdad a short but suggestive paper on Boston Home Libraries.' This is a system by which small libraries of from 20 to 30 volumes are lent out for longer or shorter periods so that families can have the advantage of complete courses of recreative and studi- ous reading. The report then went on to describe a paper read by Mr. Briscoe' of the Nottingham Libraries, explanatory of a system formulated to cultivate the tastes of readers who required guidance in the selection of books. The scheme which had " werked very advan- tageously and was highly appreciated throughout Not- tingham," was that of delivering half-hour lectures, the subjects dealt with being individual writers in various departments of literature, single books, and groups of authors. " The lectures were reported briefly-in the local press which added to the popularity of the scheme. Many workinemen had personally expressed their grati- tude for the assistance afforded them in their reading." An exhibition of library appliances, in which every novelty of library mechanism was displayed, proved a very instructive part of the proceedings." 'the Chairman remarked that after listening to the report read by their Librarian everyone would be satis- fied that the Committee had acted wisely in sending him to the Conference to represent them. He thought there had been a misconception in the minds of some of the Commissioners at the last meeting when their action in sending Mr. Jones was criticized. They had sent him to Belfast in the belief that they were acting in the public interest. One thing he might mention was that they had not trespassed to the extent of a single penny on the Library rate. They had received a special annual subscription which be (the Chairman)thou,ght was under the control of the Committee. He hoped that the public would share with the members of the Committee in their opinion that Mr. Jones was sent for the purpose of gaining knowledge for the benefit of the Library frequenters. Mr. Once observed that as a member of the Commit- tee he must express himself as very much pleased and highly satisfied with the result of Mr. Jones' visit to Bel- fast. He (the speaker) was very sorry he was not present at the last meeting of the Commissioners, and also when the Committee decided to send Mr. Jones. If he had been present at the Commissioner's meeting he should have strongly supported Mr. Hankinsen who was, on that occasion almost alone. He was fully satisfied. that it was in the interests of the reading public of Run- corn that Mr. Jones was commissioned by them to represent the Library at the Conference and whatever information Mr. Jones had gained he would surely use it to the advantage of the readers. Mr. Pope thought that the visit of Mr. Jones would bear fruit some day and benefit the patrons of the Library for many years. If the committee had done anything contrary to the rights as a Library Committee, it had been done inadvertently. He did not think that the Commissioners, according to the newspaper reports, had objected to sending Mr. Jones; but because they were not consulted. That was a small matter, and, in his opinion they were justified in protesting ; but he thought that in the future the committee would take care' not to do anything beyond their power. Mr. Hankinson also expressed the opinion that the Commissioners were not opposed to Mr. Jones represent- ing the committee at Belfast, but to the committee hav- ing decided to send him before that resolution had been approved by them. They had termed it an irregularity, but had the committee waited until the Commissioners met again it would have been too late for Mr. Jones to

go. The Rev. J. Simpson said he was sorry he had not been present at the previous meeting of the committee for he should certainly have voted in favour of sending Mr. Jones. Probably at the next Commissioners' meeting the Chairman (Mr. Handley) would set the matter right. The rev. gentleman personally thanked Mr. Jones for the interesting report he had read over. The Chairman intimated that he would do his best to satisfactorily explain the matter if it was brought up at the next meeting of the Commissioners.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0123.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18940922_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN AND DISTRICT STARR- BOWKETT BUILDING SOCIETY.

'The annual meeting of the members of the Run- corn and District 406th Starr-Bowkett Building Society was held on Monday evening at the offices, 34, Bridge-street. Mr. James Povah, president, occupied the chair, and amongst those present were Messrs. A. Riley, J. Poole, T. Riley, J. M. Frith, T. Booth, James Lea, Joseph Stubbs, F. L. Scott,Joseph Marsh and William Handley, secretary. THIRTEENTH ANNUAL REPORT. 'Me Chairman submitted the thirteenth annual report of the directors for the consideration of the members. It ran as follows :—During the year, the sum of £432 5-2. has been received as members' subscriptions, and the repayments on mortgages have yielded £779 18s. 2d. There has also been received £l4 as commission on trans- fer of appropriations. Fines, fees, interest on advances to members, and bank interest have yielded £23 us. 2d., which ,with the balance of £337 24. 81, brow:tit forward from last year, makes an income of £1,572 17s. 'The ex- penditure on account of working e-xpenses for the year amounted to £47 Bs. 10d., a reduction upon last year of £3 ss. id. A nett surr. of £570 10s. Bd. has been paid during the year to withdrawing members and death claims, and £650 has been advanced this year to mem- bers on mortgage of property. The balance in favour of the society alter writing off the usual amount for depre- ciation is £lO2 12s. 11d. The balance at the bank at the making up of the accounts being £304 17s. 61. Owing to a tarp proportion of the income being required to try-et appropriations and withdrawals, only one appro- priation has been made during the year, as follows : May 21st, 1894, Reg. No. 197, £2OO. Making a total number of 70 appropriations from the commencement of the society. Several deferred appropriations have been taken up during the year, secured on properties of ex- ceptional value. The mortgage account shows that many of the advances have been steadily reduced,several being nearly raid off. The whole of the properties are in good state of repair, much above the value secured by mort- gage to the society, and where not occupied by a mem- ber, well tenanted. It is satisfactory to state that no property has ever been thrown on the hands of the society,a strong testimony to the value of Starr-Bowkett Societies in promoting habits of thrift and providence. Twenty-three members (including one death claim) have during the year under notice of withdrawal received back their subscriptions, less fines and working ex- penses; the membership at the close of the year being ' 230. Messrs. Beckett and Unsworth having retired from their offices as trustees, the directors recommend the ap- pointment of Mcssrs. Povah and Poole to fill the vacan- cies. The auditors have carefully examined the deeds and securities of this society, and have certified to the correctness of the accounts. On the proposition of the Chairman, seconded by Mr. T. Riley, the report and balance sheet were adopted, Messrs. royal) and Poole being elected trustees in the places of Messrs. Beckett and Unsworth. Mr. J. R. Frith was re-elected the third trustee. The retiring directors were Messrs. J. M. Frith, J. Povah, A. Riley, and F. L. Scott, who being eligible for Ire-election were again chosen directors. Messrs. W. Riley and T. Dean, auditors, were re- appointed. After the Secretary's salary had been re-adjusted in the usual way, a vote of thanks was accorded the Chairman and Directors. and the proceedings closed.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
HARVEST -FESTIVALS.

ST. JAMES' CHURCH.

'The harvest thanksgiving services at the above church were held on Wednesday. among those present were the Revs. J. J. Langham, Padgate, R. Greenall, rector of Grappenhall, F. Slater, Vicar of St. James' W.R. Hart- wright, L. Th. curate-in-charge of Orford Church, L. J. T. Darwall, Walton, land A. Heygate, Arley. The sermon was preached in an efficent manner by the last- named gentleman. The first lesson was read by the Rev. L. J. T. Darwell and the second by the Rev. R. Greenall. , Two excellent solos Were rendered. The decorations were very tastefully got up, there were good congraga- tions. Suitable hymns were sung, and an anthem rendered by the choir.

UNJUST A_ND UNsTANIPED WEIGHTS

WARRINGTON CRICKET CLUB.

THE SEASON'S AVERAGES.

With their victory over Broughton on Saturday week, came a close to the season of 1894. Of the 21 matches played six have been won, eight lost, and seven drawn. The victories include Sefton, Preston, Wigan, Werneth, Broughton, and Llandudno,whilst defeats have been sustained by Werneth, Wigan, Liverpool, Manchester, Sale, Cheetham Hill, and Preston. The drawn games are with Liverpool, Northern (2), Sale. Manchester, Sefton, and Oldham. Below we give the batting averages and bowling analysis:—

===== 0002601_18940922_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODgHAM.

WOC.DHOUSES.—Very successful harvest thanksgiving services were held in connection with the Primitive Methodist Society at this place on Sunday. Mr. R. Pea- cock and Misses Wright and Vernon, of Runcorn, con- ducted the services on the Sunday. Toe Rev. H. R. Dideock also preached on the Monday evening. The total proceeds were £2 03. 4d. HARVEST FESTIVAL.—HarVeSt thanksgiving services were conducted on Sunday in the Primitive Methodist Chapel, Frodsham, sermons being preached by the Rev. J. Didcock. A large quantity of flowers, fruit and vege- tables was tastefully arranged in different parts of the sacred edifice. The congregations were large, and the special hymns and anthems rendered by the choristers was much enjoyed. PROVIDENTIAL ESCAPE or A STEEPLE-JACK. —Whilst working at the steeple of the Trinity Wesleyan Chapel, Frodsham, when fully fifty feet from the ground, on Saturday morning, a workman had a narrow escape of death. One of the cords of the swing seat became un- fastened and the man fell a distance of fourteen feet,but fortunately he succeeded in catching hold of a rope and hung on to it until rescued from his perilous position. LECTURE.—Mr. J. S. Gordon, B.Sc., one of the County council lecturers,delivered the first of a series of lectures on agricultural subjects in the Girls' School, Frodsham, on Friday evening. There was a good attendance, and the Rev. H. B. Bloge,-, vicar, presided. The Lecturer dealt with " Breeding and management of dairy stock," in a very instructive manner. He was asked several questions at the finish and 'celve satisfactory answers. THEFT OF A WATC/I.—AtFrodsham Police Court, on Monday, before Messrs. C. Reynolds and A. Thomas, James Phillips, of Wigan, was charged with stealing a watch and chain valued 305., from the person of John Durkin, at Dunham-o'-th-Bill, on the 15th inst. From the evidence it appeared that the parties were drinking together on the Saturday, ani prosecutor,after awaking from a sleep missed his watch and chain. The police were inforre ed of the affair, and when Consrable Manley spoke to Phillips of the matter he said he knew nothing ,but it. Being told, however, by the officer that he would have to go to the Police Station, he confessed to taking the articles from Durkin for safety and to placing them under a bed at Mr. Booth's. Whilst going to this house prisoner tried to run away, but the constable kept him in view and saw him take something from his pocket and place it between a hamper and some boxes. On looking there the watch and chain were found. Prisoner was fined 103. and costs, or an alternative of 21 days in gaol.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
DUTTON.

A. JOLLY TIME FOR THE WORKHOUSE INMITES.-03 Saturday afternoon through the instrumentality of Messrs. Williams and Her.-wood,s,ruardians for Frodsharn, , the Band of the Frodsham Volunteers visited the woikhouse and gave an open air concert. This is the third year in succession which the band has visited the institution. The instrumentalists rendered the following programme In an excellent manner, being.conducted by Mr.F,llison, bandmaster :—"Hero of the South," "Elixir of Love," "Merry " Ana inda," " Rippling Stream," " Gems of Scotia," " First and Last," " Rous- seau's Dream," "God save the Queen." Prior to the concert the inmates were treated to buns and coffee in the dining hall, and at the finish of the entertainment the bandsmen regaled themselves on meat pies,heer,and singer beer. The musical selections were highly appre- ciated by all hearers. Thanks are due to Messrs. Hey- wood and Williams for their consideration in contri but- log to the pleasure of the inmates, and also to the' Master and Matron,both of whom did their utmost to carry out all arrangements satisfactorily.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
HALTON.

- - - HARVEST THANKSGIVING.—OR Sunday morning and evening and Monday evening harvest thanksgiving ser- vices were conducted at the Halton Wesleyan Church. The interior was prettily decorated with the, usual offer- ings, some exceptionally fine samples of produce being visible. The Rev.W. George preached on Sunday morn- ing and evening, whilst on Monday evening the resident minister, the Rev. W. Lile Stone, occupied the pulpit. Special anthems were rendered by the choir and highly appreciated by the large congregations which assembled. The collections were in aid of the trust. fund. MARRIAGE OF THE Ray. J. LOCKWOOD, LATE OF HALTON .—At the Kilhampton Parish Churcn, Cornwall, on Thursday, was celebrated the marriage of the Rev. J. Lockwood, late Vicar of Halton, to Miss Theodore Cole, eldest daughter of Mr. E. Cole, of Cricket St. Thomas, and formerly of Brendon, Thornbury, Devon. The bride, who was given away by her father, was attired in a travelling dress of grey and blue cloth, with silk and silver trimmings, blue silk bonnet to match,and a spray of orange blossoms. Miss May Cole acted as bridesmaid, and Mr. Thoma 3 Bartlett as best man. The Rev. Lyde Hunt,vicar of Poughill,officiated in the absence of Canon Thynne, who is in Scotland. The church bells rang a merry peal in honour of the event, Mr. Cole being well- known and highly respected in the neighbourhood. The happy pair proceeded to Southampton and sailed for .1 America in the steamship City of New York on the Bth I inst. The presents were numerous and valuable.

GOOD TEMPLARY AT LATCITFORD. The usual session of the Bonehill Branch Lodge of the Independent Order of Good Templars was held in the Temperance Hall. on Monday evening. under the presidency of Bro. B. Walker. There was an excellent attendance. Two candidates presented themselves for membership and two were proposed. The programme for the evening consisted of an essay by Bro. J. Ditchfield, entitled" Bible Temper- ance Heroes." Bros. L. Ellison moved and E. Cliffe seconded a vote of thanks to the essayist. Bros. H. Meese, T. Pearson, F. A. Jenkins, H. Richardson, J. Boscoe and A. Ford supported the proposition after which Bro. J. Ditchfield suitably responded. On Tuesday evening a further paper was read by the same Brother to the Young Men's Bible Class. .

===== 0002601_18940922_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
AND SCALES

A BATCH OF CASES. At the Warriagton County Petty Sessions, on Wednesday,a nutkber of persons were summoned at the instance of nspector Spencer, inspector of weights and meastres,for having in use unjust and

unstamped weights and scales. Mr. J. M. Porter, fisi) dealer, Warrington, was sum- moned for having on the 7th September, at Sankey, had in his possession for usF, in trad, a number of weights ranging from 71bs. to 2.)2.1., which were unjust,and also with having at the same time and place several weights which wete unstamped. Mr. A. Browne, solicitor, re- presented the defendant. Inspector Spencer stated that he saw a youth in the employ of Mr. Porter selling fish at Sankey Bridges. He examined the weights and found 71bs. weight 3 drachms Unlit, 21bs. 2 drachms; 11b., IA drachms; lb., 1 drachm lb., 1 drachm; 2 z.. 1 drachm. The whole ot the weights with the exception of the Ms. weight were also unstauiped. For the de- fence, Mr. Browne said Mr. Porter was under the im- pression that every weight in his place had been stamped by Mr. Place, market inspector, whom he had subpcened as a witness. If there were any unstamped they did not know where they had come from—Mr. Place stated that Mr. Porter sent his weights every three months to be stamped. Only three of the weights produced were unstamped. Fish dealers' weights be-Ame light very quickly through corrosion.—A fine and 2s. 6d. and costs was imposed. John Caldwell, farmer, Orford, was charged with having two 561bs. one 71bs. weight, and two 41bs. weights, which were unjust, and was further charged with having them in his possession unstamped. Mr. Unsworth, solicitor, represented the defendant. Inspec- tor Spencer proved the case, and stated that the weights were from a *lb. to 3oz. light. They had not been examined for years. For the detence Mr. Unsworth stated the weights were used in the weighing of potatoes, and farmers were not particular to a pound weight in potatoes. Mr. Caldwell was perfectly ignorant that the weights vverelight.—He was fined 53 and costs. Emma Parsonage. Rixton, pleaded not guilty to hav- ing in her possessi-n for use in trade one 561bs. and one 281bs. weight, which were unjust. Inspector Spencer stated that the 561bs. weight was /11).light,and the 231bs. weight 6oz. light. The weights were on the scales at the time of his visit.—The defendant denied that tee weights were ever brought into use.—She was fined 53. and costs, and the weights were forfeited. Messrs. Carter and Sons, bakers and flour dealers. Bridge-st., Warrington. were summoned for having on the 7th September, at Penketh, in their possession cer- tain unjust weights, and also an unstamped pair of scales. Inspector Spencer stated that on the date men- tioned he met one of Messrs. Carter's bread vans at Pen- keth. He raw a man delivering bread. Witness asked him if he had scales and weights, to which the man re- plied in the affirmative. Be asked him to produce them, and witness found a 41bs.weight three drachms light and a 21bs. weight two drachms light. The scales were per- fectly correct but were unstamped. Mr. Carter stated that for same time he had had an arrangement with a first-class firm to keep his scales in order. He would hand to the magistrates the contract. When the firm examined the scales they must not have noticed that the one in question was unstamped. Be had written to them on the matter and they had apologised to him for the mistake. The weights became light owing to fric- tion caused by being in a box in the bread van.—The magistrates fined the defendant 2s. 61. and costs. William Pickston, coal dealer, Smiley Bridges, was charged with having in his possession for use in trade, a scale which was unstansped. Inspector Spencer said he found the defendant's coal scale unstamped. lie had evidently been using it for four years without having it stamped. The defendant stated that he took the scales to Warrington and Superintendent Weir told him to repair it and he would then come and stamp it. No one however, came.—He was fiiy. t 2s. 61. including costs.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON.

WORKINGMEN'S GOSPEL TEMPERANCE MISSION

_ HALL. There was a gospel t7tmperance meeting in the above-named hall on Sunday, presided over by Mc. J. Drury. Interesting addresses were given by the Chairman, Mr. A. Horrocks, Mr. Thomas Woolley, Mr. 3. V. Tanner,and Mr. Green. The meeting was well attended. FIRE IN A DWELLING-HOUSE. A small outbreak of tire occurred at 45, Cart- wright-street at 1-45 p.m. on Monday. Some rags in a cupboard close to the fireplace had become ignited, there being no one in the house at the time but a baby. A caller, on opening the dot-r was surprised to see .dense volumes of smoke issuing from the cupboard. He at once raised an alarm. The baby was rescued, and the rags were thrown out of the house. Very little damage was done. P.S.A. AT THE Y,M.O.A. Mr. 11. M. Ashton took the chair at the above meeting on Sunday afternoon, at the Young Men's Christian Association Rooms. A very inter- esting address was give.n by Mr. H. Taylor (Police Court Missionary),the subject being "Wild Flowers and their Teaching." The P.S .A. quatette party contributed two quartettes, Miss Kent and Mr. A. Baker took the solo parts. Mr. He dgecock and Mr. Gregson also took part in the meeting. Arrange- ments were made to hold a harvest festival. ST. PETER'S CHURCH COMMITTEE MEETING. A meeting of the committee of collectors in con- nection with the church boundiry wall was held in the vestry on Monday evening. The collectors re- ported that the amount standing to their Credit was £36. A discussion took place as to the advisability of immediately proceeding with the building of the wall, especially the part fronting Birchall-street. The churchwardens stated that it would cast nearly £2OO to build the wall round the church, but that the part fronting Birchall-street might be built for about £6O. It was considered that funds might be obtained to build the front portion,but that it would be impossible to raise the larger sum To enable the committee to do even this they required about £25 to £3O more. The collectors have up to the present time confined themselves to their own parish. The parish is a very poor one, and requires outside assistance. A sub-committee was appointed to further consider the matter and retort to a meeting shortly to be called. WESLEYAN QUARTERLY MEETING. The above meeting was held on Monday in the Bold-street schoolroom. Alter tea had been par- taken of the meeting was presided over by the Rev. 3. Kirtlan. who was supported by the circuit minis- ters and stewards together with a large numbar of representatives. The total number of members reported was 1,052, being an increase of four in the quarter. 17 persons had ceased to be members, 19 new members had been received and 36 remained on trial. A small committee of advice was appointed to take into consideration the working of the Parish Councils Act; particularly in those places where the Wesleyan Ch urch is represented. Attention was drawn to the new legislation which provides that all Sunday schools shall be repre- sented in the quarterly meeting. It was announced that the Liverpool Synod will hold its sittings next May, in Warrington. The forthcoming arrangement for the foreign missionary meetings were announced and the day of initiation on behalf of foreign mis- sions, appointed by the conference, is to be observed throughout the. circuit on the first Friday in October.

===== 0002601_18940922_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETII.

PROJECTED Co-OPERATIVE SOCIETT.—On Monday night a meeting was held in the gay Star Cottage to consider the advisability of floating a Co-operative Society for the production of certain branches of the leather trade. The scheme originated in Mr. C. E. Parker, PIRO had for some time been desirous of seeing some such business started, and which he thinks will greatly benefit the village in general. Mr. Parker was in the chair and there was a crowded audience. In a long speech he described the benefits to be derived from the business, ' which had already obtained a large output in its initia- tory stage at the Tanning Company's premises. The meeting was very enthusiastic and took up a large num- ber of shares. Several questions were put to the chair- man, as to whether this project was likely to meet the fate ofithe Park scheme. Mr. Parker replied that he thought not. Messrs. Watson, Routledge, Woods, Lewis, Houghton, Moores, Norman and others took InTt in the discussion of the meeting. It was eventually agreed that the company should be started with 500 pound shares, the premises at present to be at the Tanning Company's Works, and the new Company purchase the plant there situated. Shares to the amount of over £4OO were taken up, the highest number for one person being 100. The new company have every expectation of working up an extensive business. No mention was made of the prob- able dividend, but as far as can be ascertained it will be fairly large.

CARTER'S LITTLE ER PILLS.

, BEAUTIFUL TEETH for all who use daily on the tooth brush a few drops of SOZODONT, the pleasantest dentifrice in the world. Cleanses the teeth and Spaces between them as nothing else will. Sound and pearly white teeth, rosy lips, and fragrant breath ensured. Ask for SOZODOIsvr.v 2s. 6cl.

Ly Vege- table.

Liver, Bile, Sallow Complexion, and " Sick Headaches promptly: and cure them so as to stay cured. (themists, Is. lid.

LIV • Small , • 26, Small Do, VlAil] Small Price. '4 ITTLE Forty in IVER 'LI IL Purel Cure Cure Torpid

===== 0002601_18940922_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
BATTING.

No of Total Times Most in innings. rung, not out. an innings. Aver. S M. Cro.field Pates 2l ... 379 ... 0 ... 52 ... 19 G. Clarke 2O ... 326 ... 3 ... 50 ... 17 J Callon Clarke W. Wordsworth l9 ... 233 ... 1 ... 48 ... 13 11 .T. J. Crosfield U. Smia lE. M. Griffin E. Connor J. Bibby C. H. Unsworth L. A. Voisev S'l4 47 ... 1 ... 16 ... 361 The following have played in less than six mat/files : C. R. Adamson W. Mortimer E. W. Parry F. Williamson F (Heave 5 ... 30 ... 1 ... 15 ... 7 5 E. E. Woods J Rushworth 3 ... 7 ... 0 ... 7 ... 233 G. Hampson A. C. Mac aren P. Worthington 1 ... 13 ... 1 ... 13* W. Kiernan 1 ... 5 ... 0 ... 5 E C. Richmond 1 ... 0 ... 1 ... 0 H. Ashton H. SPinkS 1 ... 0 ... 1 ... 0 W. H. Podmore 1 ... 0 ... 0 ... 0 J. Smith *Signifies not out. BOWLING.

Overs. Maidens. Bans. Wickets. Aver. I R. Smith S. M. Crosfield 55 ... 16 ... 106 ... 9 ... 11.77 J. Bibby 592 ... 19 ... 138 ... 10 ... 13 8 Bites 306 ... 90 ... 722 ... 54 ... 13.38 13 Connor ll O... 30 ... 217 ... 14 ... 15 G. Clarke 135 4 ... 42 ... 311 ... 20 ... 15.55 J. J. Crosefild B3 ... 24 ... 204 ... 12 ... 17 J. Wordsworth Clark W. Mortimer A. Voisey E. Woods Callon

===== 0002601_18940922_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
DARING ROBBERY OF DIAMONDS.

£5,000 WORTH STOLEN. Shortly before four o'clock on Thursday afternoon week daring robbery of diamonds was committed at No. 70, Hatton Garden, London. Rooms were taken some time back b 7 three men of foreign appearance,who circulated the statement that they were purchasing diamonds for Continental markets. About three o'clock on Thursday one of the men instructed an outside broker to procure a parcel of" three-grain" stones, which is a technical expression applied to a quantity of diamonds of that par- ticular size. Mr. Spiers, a Dutch merchant, hearing of the demand and having a stock of the gems, called at No. 70 with a packet-book containing diamonds and other precious stones, amounting in value to £5,000. This would he about four o'clock. At half-past five o'clock Mr. Spiers was observed to stagger across the road, with his faee cvered with blood. One of his eyes was seriously injured. His coat was torn open and his hat had gone. When sufficiently recovered Mr. Spiers made a statement to the eff-ct that his pocket-book and contents had been stolen. Immediately upon entering the house a cloth, saturated with chloroform,was tightly bound across his mouth. In the violent struggle that ensued he received the injuries to his face. It is be- lieved, from the careful planning and carrying out of the robbery, that the perpetrators are associated with if not the actual gang of theivea who some four years ago hired appartments in Hatton Garden and carefully carried out the theft of the Cape mail bag, full of valu- ables, the postman on that occasion being chloroformed after a violent struggle, the thieves making good their escape. The Press Association, telegraphing yesterday after noon, states that no arrests have yet been made in con- nection with the flatten Garden diamond robbery. Later inquiry shows that the person by whom the daring rob- bery was planned has frequented the Diamond Club, Hatton Garden. for three months. Though not a mem- ber he visited the premises frequently, apparently for business purposes. Mr. Spiers,the victim of the robbery travels from Amsterdam weekly. It transpires that had befallen into the cleverly laid trap on Wednesday instead of on Thursday his loss would have been much greater. Mr. Spiers used to frequent the club to write letters, but was never known to avail himself of the greater security for transferring the precious stones which the institution affords. The appearance .of the first floor room at 70. Hatton Garden is instructive of the mode adopted by the thieves. Directly opposite the desk at which the principal and his unsuspecting victim were seated is a dead screen,in which are two punctures through which the confederates probably watched for the signal from their chief. On taking possession of this room the mysterious tenant caused the name of F. G. Morris to be painted on the fanlight, and on Monday this name was Placed on the ordinary plate at the main entrance. The front windows of the rooms had been " frosted " to screen the occupants from observation from the windows of the premises opposite. Mr. Cullmann, pearl dealer, occupies a room immediately bellind this one,but he and his wife were absent from the building at the time. Mrs. Cullmann states that even had they been there and heard noises they would probably have ascribed it to the moving of furniture brought in by the new tenant. The daring and even reckless character of the robbery is shown by the fact that it was perpetrated in a building which is a perfect network of offices belonging to differ- ' ent firms, and within a few feet of each other. So far the detectives engaged in the case are without any clue likely to lead to the detection and arrest of the thieves.

MARKETS. WIDNES, SATURDAY.—Fresh butter, Is 4d and Os Od Per ' lb. ; fresh eggs,l2 for is ; fowls, 3s OR to Os per couple ; ducks, Os Od to Os per couple ; geese, • d per lb. ; beef, 70 to 9d per , lb. ; mutton 4d to 6d Per lb. ; pork, 9d to OR per lb. ; veal' OR to Od per lb. ; lamb. Od per lb. ; potatoes per load, 5s 6d. , RUNCORN, SATURDAY. -Fresh butter Is 3d and Os Od per lb.; fresh eggs,ll for Is ; fowl, 4s OR to Os OR per couple; duck 6s Od per couple ; geese Os to Cd per lb. ' • turkeys Ls to 00 Od per lb.; beef, 8d per lb. ; mutton. Bld to •ls per lb. ; pork Cd to Elid per lb.; lamb OR to OR per lb. ; veal OR to 8d; per lb. ; potatoes, 8s Od to 9s Od per load. Cheese 74d per lb. 1 WARRINGTON MARKE r.—WEDNESDAY, SEPT. 19711.- ' FRUIT, VEGRTABLE, POULTRY, BUTCHERS', AND FISHMONGERS' TABLE. s. d. s. d. s. d. El. ii.. Beef, Eng.,V lb 0 51to 0 9 Melon; each ... 0 6-0 8 Lamb per lb 0 7-0 10 Oranges, each 0 0-0 1 Mutton „ - 0 3 Veal „ „ - • 9 Pears 0 2- 0 3 Pork ~ „ - 0 0 Pork sides - 0 I ~ cured 0 6-0 0 Cauliflowers ... 0 0- 0 Whole pigs„ cc 8 6- 8 9 Cucumbers each° 4 - 0 6 . Geese „ -0 10 Cabbages each 0 2- 0 1 ' Fowls V couple 4 6- 5 6 Tomatoes V lb (1 6-0 13" Chickens -6 0 Filberts lb - 0 0 ." Ducks „ - 0 0 Spaniel Onions 0 0- 0 0 Rabbits Hares, each ... 4 6 -0 0 Asparagus V 100 0 0- 2 6 Pigeons,, - 0 0 Potatoes r load 6 0-7 0 ' Part'idge brace 4 0-0 0 New potatoes,, 0 1 - 0 0 Grouse „ - 0 0 Mushrooms Vtlso 0- 0 8 Pheasants - 0 0 Green Peas tl, tb 00- 0 10 Turkey 3 10 - 0 0 Green prouts MO 3- 0 0 Butter, fresh 4$ 1 2-1 3 B ans, kidney tb 0 2- 0 Q. Hen eggs BSt 91 0- 0 0 Pomeg :anates...o 1- 0 0 ' Duck „ - 0 0 Walnuts „ 0 0- 0 6 Apples lb Onions „ -0 2 Che 'se o o— o 0 Grapes „ O- 2 0 line new 56 0-60 0 Pine Apple each 26- 3 0 „ good 5O 0-54 9 ' Greengages 19 MO 4-0 6 , medium 40 0-42 0 ' Cherries „ ...... 00- 0 0 Lo";ster flb - 0 0 Strawberries, 0 0- 0 0 Turbot „ - 0 0 Damsons „ ~ 0 2 - 0 3 Sdmon „ Plums „ 0 4- 0 6 IVhitargs - 0 6 Gooseberries „ 0 0- 0 0 Flukes „ - 0 0 Raspberries „00 - 0 8 Eels „ „ -0 0 Black Currants 0 0-0 0 Soles „ „ - 2 ° Red Currants 0 0- 0 0 Sparlings - 0 0 • Marrows each 0 0- 0 4 Codfish „ - 0 0 • Seakale ir rt, 0 o—o 0 Mac (ere' each 0 0 - 0 0 Rhubarb bch 0 1-0 0 Herriog r dozen 1 0- 0 0 '

===== 0002601_18940922_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
SHOCKING NEGLECT OF CHILDREN AT

WARRINGTON.

On Friday, at the Warrington Borough Court, John and Alice Clare, Stamford-yard, and Wm. and Annie Taylor, Warburton-street, were charged at the instance of Inspector McAteer, N.S.P.C.C., with unlawfully and wilfully neglecting their children. Mr. J. D. Buckton, solicitor, prosecuted on behalf of the Society. In the case of the two first named defendants, Mr. Buckton stated that the previous week the case was adjourned in order for the male defendant to appear. The Inspector had ascertained that he was receiving medical treatment, and he was unable therefore to appear. The two children were still being neglected. The magistrates adjourned the case for 14 days and advispd the female defendant to take the children to the Workhouse.—ln the case of Taylor, Mr. Buckton stated that they had four children, two boys and two girls. The house when visited was in a filthy dirty state, and the children were no better. The bedding was filthy and rotten with the filth. In the house there was no proper food. The children wore very little clothing and were greatly neglected. The husnand was spoken of as a decent man and there was no doubt he would not allow it, if he could control his wife. It was the wife's crav- ing for drink that was the cause of the neglect, and her- husband had no control over her. He earned 355. per week and gave his wife 255. and this sum it appeared was alnwst entirely spent in drink. Inspector MCATEER deposed that on the 4th of the present month, in company with P.C. Dean, he visited the defendant's house. He found the female defendant and her four children there. The eldest child, Mary Ann, was very dirty, and was wearing one or two old garments. Her hair was matted together and was covered with vermin. The boy James was also very dirty and appeared as if he had not been washed for a long time. The girl, Annie, was wearing two old frocks and her hair was completely alive with vermin. Th baby, nine months old, witness thought had not been washed for two days. He examined the premises and found no food of any description. The kitchen was very dirty and had not been washed fOr a long time. He went upstairs, and in the room where three of the children slept the bed consisted of a dirty, rotten sack, saturated with urine. In the back room where the de- fendants slept with the youngest child, there was an old bag lying on the floor, a dirty pillow, but no bed. There was no furniture whatever in the two rooms. He asked the female defendant how she accounted for it, but she refused to tell him anything. In a cupboard, witness found a can containing beer, which he considered had been bought that morning. He called at the house two days afterwards, and found the house and children in a similar state. He saw the husband, who was a painter, the previous Wednesday, and he told witness that he earned 355. a week, and he allowed his wife 255. He also said that he coull do nothing to stop it, as he had no control over his wife. His foreman gave him a very good character, and witness believed he was a sober man. P.C. DEAN gave corroborative evidence, and said that the children's heads were alive. On being shown to the female defendant she said she could not see them. Dur- ing the time they were there a woman who kept an off licensed house asked them to look over it this time as she was a very good customer of hers. The male defendant said the children had always had plenty of food, if they had been neglected other- wise. He admitted his wife had been very careless,but she had got drinking with neighbours. He asked the magistrates not to send her to gaol. The magistrates dismissed the case against Mr. Taylor but fined his wife 20s. and costs or one month's imprison ment with hard labour. The money was paid. As they were leaving the Court, the Chairman told them th at he hoped the case would be a warning to them, at which Mrs. Taylor replied that it would be a warnine,and said she would take care that it never occurred again.

Warrington.—Printed and Publishect by JOHN WALKEN a t. at The Examiner General Printing Works, 8ew8e374tr_,e4303 and Published also at The Examiner Offices, °'' st' ' Winams ; High-street, RUNCORN ; 32, George-qtreet,'"ii Helens ; and 33,Market-6treet RARLESTOWN.—SEPTS3II° • 22, 1894,

===== 0002601_18940922_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
4; A t th WONDERFUL WATCH." 508. Liorouthi v reliable all HAND-M,ADK SILVER ENG- PA.TENT LEV ii3l2 WATCH, capped. jewelled. and f3/174,with STRONG CHAIN on FUSEE, HEAVY SOLID 'atrt HALL-MARKED CASES, well finished, and speci- InGiapted to fit fiat in the pocket." FOR FIFTY SH ILL- Liziy This watch is timed to a minute, and will STAND ,_411801.41„11,9UNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that virrit,"".-1:F Ix DEFIES COMPETITION! A Bona fide ala Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch, tun watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Aette., glass, at same price. To be obtained only from H. Ctij AUSTANCH, watchmakers, THE ILLUMINATED liPk. 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. recti„z—Sent post-tree to all parts of the United Kingdom on "cif P 0 441:ed thcitha,d,

1" JOHN'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, RUNCORN. h 41, :‘,e4A.TtO4AL BAZAAR' for the Building Fund will be tiO— '4 the S thoolroom on October 3rd, 4th, and sth. D na- WPA, thankful!V received by the Rev. J. PULFORD or .any member of the Committee.

RUNCORN SCHOOL BOARD. . , SCIENCE AND ART CLASSES , `"litiection with the Department of Science and Art, South Kensington. SESSION 1h94 5. v,TI-1/3qE CLASSES will be resumed during the "'4EK Cc AMENCING MONDAY, OCT. IsT. AT THE A., GREENWAY ROAD BOARD SCHOOLS, d will be continued duriog the Session as follows : Subject. Teacher. Mechanics Mr. B. DA.VIES Monday, 7 to 8 Mr. B. DAVIES Monday. 8 to 9 •rt classes Miss E.j.SKEAPING Tuesday, 7 to 9 Mr. B. MEUNIER Wednesday, 7 to 9 Elementary Mr. F. WHALLEY Wednesday, 7 to 8 rtle Construction, Elementary Mr. J. SPEAKMAN hitle Construction 44 Geometry Classes talci . hisir, . Light, and Heat , —graphy . odilatid, Advanced ild- T Ind tvsadnaze,d 7t o 8 Thursday, 8 to 9 Mr. 3. SPEAKMAN Thursday, 7 to 9 Friday, 7 to 8 Friday. 8 to 9 Friday, 7to 8 Mr. J. SKEAPING Mr. W. WARDLOW Mr. W. WARDLOW Mr. F. WHALLEY -142 Construction, Elementary Mr. J. WILDING aildi ( Saturday, 6-30 to 7-30 -n8 Constructisoard nizAdavy. an . Advanced . . Mr. J. WILDING 7-30 .. 8-30 IIIIRR,„ AT BETHESDA SCHOOL ROOM, MAKING.—Mr. DoBSON—On Wednesday after- -2-30 to 430. commencing OCToBER 3rd. 611 S for SCIENCE and ART CLASSES 3s for the Session. THAND 3s. per quarter, DRESSMAKING 38. per 144tter • ?or .• FRENCH ss. the Session. It tuirther par killers see handbills. ttet,,! Particularly requested that all intending Students will ott the OPENING NIGHTS, as no elasa v. ill b - formed -." sufficient number of Students present themselves. G. MOSS, Secretary.

_ Sl' JOHN'S CHU RC H, EARLESTOWN. -- RARvEST FES 'VAL SEINICES. b 8.0„ Will be held on SUNDAY, SEPT. 23rd— Holy Communion. 10-30 a.m., Mo:ning Prayer, ~.'le-p°rnilnunion, and Sermon. 3-15 p.m., Sacred Music by t.ll,e,'Arlestown Viaduct Mize Band.-6-30 p.m., Evening 'er Sermon'. Preacher. 10-3, and 6-30 Rkop e•. F. R. A. BAH PUY. M.A., of Bolton. -414 a'AYs Sepr. 24th-7 3 p.m., Evening Prayer and 111- Preacher: Rev E. C. E. CARLEION, M.A., Vicar ,7 Trinity Warr,ligton. !er4,I4BI)AY, S'F.PT 25th —7-30 p.m.—Evening Prayer and k.inc Pn• Preacher : Rev. T. J. MADDEN, Vicar oi St. wts• ,_4114 D'I)NESDAY, SEPT. 261h-7-30 p.m --Evrning Prayer yieltvrermon. Preacher: Rev. S. T. WILLIAMSON, M.A., Crompton. Oldham. SEPT. 3Uth— 8-0 a.m., Holy Clmmunion. 10-30 gbs64,4%..nrhing Prayer anl Sermon. Prea. her : Rev. J. 'vetZ,Tv„,Si o' Haydoek.-3-15 p m.—Sacred Recital, 6-33p.m. rrayer and Sermon. Preacher: epee, , Rev. EW. WITTENBITHIE-KIYE. `ai hyrnn s and Anthem- in ill be swig by the Choir. .17 13 Organist—Mrs. LATIME,t, A.R C O. gtit; .---The Offertory at each Service towards the Curate's keltited Fund. The Churchwardens- earnestly apioal to rs of the Congregation and Friends for Annul Sub- Ott 4).114 towards this Fund Nterehrl,n, gs of Corn Fruit. Vegetables, and Flowers will be --"Yreceived at the Vestry during the week.

- WA GTO N GYMNASIUM. THE SAE OF WORK Vtt„sue OPENED. bv Mrs. BEAMONT, on THURSDAY Qon, OCTOBER 46. at 3 o'clock. Mr. WELSBY DIMMELOW, Hon. Sec.

WARRINGTON TECHNICAL INSTITUTE. SESSION 1894-5. SCHOOL OF SCIENCE, MONDAY. SEPT. 17th. SCHOOL OF ART, TUESDAY, SEPT. 4th. CONTINUATION SCHOOL, MONDAY, SEPT. 17th. el asses will RE-OPEN 011 the above-mentioned dates. Lau, ue classes in 40 Subjects, and full Syllabus (postage id.), had on application at the Museum or School of Art. CHARLES MIDELEY. Sec.

S 1 FREE EDUCATION. ell3°L OF AGRICULTURE in Connection With THE COUNTY COUNCIL OF LANCASTER. HARRIS INSTITUTE, PRESTON : thairb, president, WILLIAM ASCROFT, Esq., J.P. of Committee The Rev. L. C. WOOD, M.A., C.A. ,nlich„-,,oession commences on the Ist October. Open to who are at least 14 years of age. The I, struction is I,lltoldition the Coiinty Council all ,w Ten Shillnngs „. PA., either for bolrd and lodging. or travelling expenses. -vethrti er information can be obtained from the Director of %Ilet„ea,!. Instruction (Agricultural Department), County rreston, or from likre T. It. JOLLY, Secretary. _ 4 knatitute, Preston, September, 1E94.

DIN GUINEA GOLD .7e et vn, '2-C Al :AN RWIENDGIDSIN GP lut LEINFGj s . Largest Stock and ed",dle in the town or district. Sold by weight from t'o S. All sizes and shapes. bacluding the Round and %eh ,—„(mind always in stock. A handsome present given to rehaser. Finger size cards post free. 4111) A. EusTANCE. THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43. SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. N.B.—Strictly Private Room for fitting. ESTABLISHED, 1864.

JOSEPH 11.ADLAND, CARTER. earted to any part or the town at is. 6d. per ton. addre.fs 25, GAS TR HET, WARRINGTON.

-tVENING DRESSES. WEDDING DRESSES. MOURNING DRESSES. bres.L&DIFS' OWN MATERIALS MADE UP. and Mantle Department under most efficient management. Perfect fit guaranteed. MISSES BROWN, r4DiEs• AND CHILDREN'S OUTFITTERS, 63, BRIDGE-sT.. WARRINGTON. Next door to -the Lion Hotel.

REMBRANDT ART STUDIO, 18, FRIARS' GATE, WARRINGTON. (Round by Lipton's). (Dont Forget It.) J. W• eTAmsoN. qua, THE PHOTOGRAPHER. -4tees a Good Portrait at a Reasonable Price. TRY THEM. ~.....__Photographs of Anything and Everything. WARRINGTON SLATE CO., LTD. ra MERCHANTS. LIME MERCHANTS, "MENT MERCHANTS, STONE MERCHANTS. • )ArIIttICKS, TILES-, CURBS. SETTS, MACADAM. 144.1rttY KIND OF BUILDERS, OR CONTRACTORS' '4IItIALS sent by road, rail, or vessel to any place in the United Kingdom. 4 6 ir-1 -rLANIC LANE COAL" 4r?As Sold for upwards of 50 years in Warrington District, 110 WARRINGTON SLATE COMPANY LTD., La AGENTS in this District for '4leBfirs. ACKERS, WHITLEY AND CO., LTD., BICICERSHAW COLLIERIES, LEIGH. Dep6t and Branch Office, Ii MARSON STREET, WARRINGTON. Nuts, Slack, and every description of Fuel supplied. PPecial Quotations to Manufacturers and Dealers. READ OFFICE AND Telephone No. 19. GENERAL WHARF : Arpley Station. Reg. Telegranhic Address; Warrity,ton. " Arpley," Warrington.

HUSSEY'S • BROOCHES 116, BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL. • MORE THIN 3000 TO SELECT FROM. PRICES FROM is. TO £lO

35F REVWLAUTTZNTR2E. "E 35/- T. B. CARDWELL, PRACTICAL WATCH MAKER, 105. DALE-STREET. LIVERPOOL. Offers to the Public and especially to Mechanics, a thorough English SILVER LEVER WATCH, reliable in works and accurate in time, at a cost of 355. Many persons will lae surprised that a genuine English Lever ean be made for the price, but T. B. CARDWELL has succeeded in producing an English Lever 355. Watch not inferior to those sold elsewhere for £5. The 355. ENGLISH SILVER LEVER WATCH, Jewelled in Seven Actions, guaranteed for Five years, can be had at CARDWELL'S 105, DALE-STREET, LIVERPOOL. Next Door to Central Police Station. Hall-marked 18-carat Gold English Keyless Lever Watches, from ET 10s. REPAIRS PROMPT AND RELIABLE.

SALE. IMPORTANT NOTICE. SALE. To Persons about.to Furnish. JOHN H. WARING, 16, 18, HARDMAN-STREET, LIVERPOOL, Is offering for three weeks only. the Entire Stock of NEW AND SECOND-HAND FURNITURE. Ac., at extremely low prices, previous to extensive alterations. Goods Stored and Packed, and Delivered Free. Furniture taken in Exchange. Note the Aldress- -16, 18, HARDMAN STREET, LIVERPOOL.

VIOLINS, VIOLONCELLOS, MANDOLINES, GUITARS. BANJOS. JOHN BYROM, PRACTICAL VIOLIN MAKER AND REPAIRER (Pupil of G. A. Chanot). Strings. Bows, Cases, Ice.. of Finest Quality. ARTISTIC REPAIRING IN ALL ITS BRANCHES AT 37. RENSHAW-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

WIRE NETTING, STAPLES, GARDEN TOOLS. CUT, WROUGHT, WIRE AND COPPER NAILS. Bolts and Nuts, Washers, Set Screws, &o. W. AND J. ELLISON, GENERAL IRONMONGERS, 55. PARADISE-ST., LIVERPOOL. Telephone, No. 1,735.

yACHT S' AND BOATS' IRONMONGERY. Rowlocks, Binnacle Rings, Lamps and Fittings, Con- nectivg Links, Chains, Eyelets and Thimbles. Copper and Iron Nails and Tacks, and every description of Shipping Tackle. W. and J. ELLISON, 55, PARADISE-STREET, erpool. Telephone, 1,735.

SPECTACLES AND EYEGLASS MAKERS. G. AND N. STOKES, 10, CHURCH-LANE, LIVERPOOL, • By St. Peter's Church. GR VT c.l BEG to ANNOUNCE to their . N. kJ. Customers and friends that they are now selling a GOOD NICKEL SPECTACLE warranted not to rust and to stand the air of WIDNES, RUNCORN, and NEIGHBOURHOOD and are making up to suit all sights at a very moderate charge. All Repairs done on the Premises. TEN YEARS WORKMAN TO WOOD, late ABRAHAM. 111? UP T ES • - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. T. EGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSSfor Cure of Rupture; registered; consulting hours 10 till 3. Truss and Surgical Appliance Works, 7 &9, Grosvenor-street, Lon- don-road. Manchester.

TECHNICAL DRESS CUTTING. Term comence3 TUESDAY. October 2nd.— For particulars apply Misses Woons, 45, Bewsey-st.. Warrington.

MR. PETER LAWTON wishes to thank his numerous friends for their kind expressions of sympathy with himself and family in their sad bereavement. Bank Quay, Warrington.

MASSAGE TAUGHT in Manchester; terms la is. for a course of six lessons.—A?ply Miss GREENFIELD, Home for Hospital-trained Nurses and Paying Patients, Stamford-road. Bowdon.

HIGH.EST PRICE Given for Old Gold and Silver, Diamonds, Sheffiel.l and Eleetro Plate. Antiquoi, Dental Gold, Bm. Letttrs attended to. C. H. HAYHURST (late J.Harris Gipson). 73. Renshaw-street. Liverpool.

POLICE NOTICE. rr HE POLICE are hereby GIVEN FULL POWER to Arrest all Persons who are not seen in possession of one of the PARAGON'S UMBRELLAS or WALKING STICKS, and convey them to E. COHEN, The Paragon, Roe- st., (adjoining Royal Court Theatre), Liverpool.

CAUTION. AfARINE STORE DEALERS and Others are .LUL cautioned against purchasing SACKS bearing our mark, viz. :—" Carter and Son, Bridge-street, Warrington." Such Sacks not having been charged for are our property.— Any person buying, selling, or illegally detaining the same after this notice will be prosecuted. CHESHIRE COUNTY COUNCIL, THE Technical Instruction Committee offer for Coirpetition Ten Scholarships, tenable at the Dairy Institute, Worleston, for eleven weeks, commencing Oct. Bth. These are open to males only. Instruction is provided in Dairy Work, as also Chemistry, Book-keeping. Land Surveying, Agriculture, &c. Applications should be made to the undersigned before September 22nd. RICHARD P. WARD, Organizing Secretary.

DANCING and CALISTHENICS (thorough system).—MlSS CAVANAGH will commence a SKLECT CLASS for BEGINNERS at 63, Bewsey-street, Warrington, on MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 24th, Steps at 7-30 p.m. Terms 12s. 6d. I.ter quarter. Advanced Class on FRIDAY, OCTOBER 12th, at 8-0 p.m., 10s. 6d. per quarter. Children's and Adult Beginner's Class on SATURDAY, OCTOBER 13th.at 2-30 p.m., 10s. 6d. per 'quarter. Families arranged with. PRIVATE LESSONS in all the fashionable round dances, one guinea per quarter. Three Private Lessons in the Waltz, 7s. 6d. Schools and Families attended. N.B.—A SPECIAL PRIVATE CLASS of 12 is forming, 15s. per quarter.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE, LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT COMPANY, LIMITED. Head Office: 168. ISLINGTON, LIVERPOOL. LOANS from £5 to £l,OOO on personal or other security. £l5, Repayable 6s. Weekly, Entire Charge £l. 2s. 3d. 00, „ 20s. „ ~ £3 9s. Od. MOO, „ 405. „ £6 16s. Od. ALEX. GORDON. Manager.

ANOTHER SPECIAL PURCHASE. ALL AT 1/61 EACH. LADIES' FASHIONABLE FLANNELETTE BLOUSES IN SCOTCH PLAIDS AND FANCY CHECKS, WITH VERY FULL SLEEVES, WORTH 2/6 HENRY MILES, 25 AND 25A, CHURCH STREET, (Opposite Pro Cathedral), LIVERPOOL.

HODGBINSON'S 461 & 485 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. WINTER FASHIONS. SPECIAL SHOW DAYS, TUESDAY & WEDNESDAY NEXT. HIGH-CLASS NOVELTIES IN MILLINERY, MANTLES, COSTUMES. AND DRESS FABRICS, &C. WINTER FASHIONS. HODOBINSON'S, 46, & 48, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

MRS. NICHOLSON'S ANNUAL CLEARANCE DALE OF SURPLUS STOCK WILL COMMENCE ON WEDNESDAY NEXT,. SEPTEMBER 5Tn, 1894, During which everything will be offered at a small margin above actual cost. SEVERAL SPECIAL BARGAINS IN LIMOGES CHINA DINNER SERVICES. A Choice Lot of Dessert Services, all of the very Newest Designs. Tea Services (40 Pieces) from 7/6 upwards. Breakfast Services (29 Pieces) from 18/6 upwards. Dinner Services (54 Pieces) from 15/- upwards. A Quantity of High-Class Table Glass will be cleared out at considerably oust. A LARGE VARIETY OF ARTISTIC FLOWER POTS, TOILET WARE, ORNAMENTAL AND DECORATIVE GOODS AT LESS THAN HALF-PRICE. Special Attention is invited to many bargains in Vases, Ornaments, and Figures, in Dresden, Worcester, and other noted manufactures. 56, BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

BOWLS! BOWLS ! ! BOWLS !! ! BOWLS FOR BOWLING GREENS. Largest Stock in the Trade. From 10s. per pair. GEO. AND THOS. ROYLE, 54, GRANBY ROW. PRINCESS-ST., MANCHESTER' Bowlers' Pocket Companion. Price 6d.

EirprltO, asstnettes, &r.

THE OLD-ESTABLISHED BASSINETTE WAREHOUSE. Beware of spurious imitations. The best and cheapest Carriages in the town or district. (No connection with any other firm of the same name.) vASHTON,74, Sankey-st., Warrington, mann- . facturer of Bath Chairs, Bassinettes. Rustic Carri- ages, &c., of the best materials and workmanship, on the premises, under personal supervision. Well-finished Bassinettes from 255., warranted to run straight. Mail Carts, Tricycle Horses, Doll ...arriages. &c. Agent for Sewing Machines, Wringing and W WORKS :—BEAM T-STREET.

. THE (1 OHN UrRIFFITH'S UYCLE CORPORATION LIMITED. 41, CASTLE-STREET, LIVERPOOL. HAVE 200 CYCLES by Noted Makers in STOCK. LADIES' SAFETIES, ROADSTERS, ROAD RACERS, TANDEMS AND TRICYCLES PRICES FROM £l.O 10s. UPWARDS. Cycles hired by week, month or season. REPAIRS, SUNDRIES. RALEIGHS, TRIUMPHS, NEW RAPIDS, RAGLANS, SPARKBROOKS. • TRENTS, R. & P.s &c., &c. Telegrams "PNEUMATIC LIVERPOOL" TELEPHONE No. 5860.

Cl j-. 1 AND CO.'S 'CYCLES. THE ORIEL SAFETY, fitted with all up-to-date Improvements. PNEUMATIC TYRES. PRICE £lO 10s. O. CUSHION TYRES VI 10s. 73, BOLD-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT. FURNITURE. FURNITURE. SALE. SALE. SALE. RETIRING FROM BUSINESS. QUINN,M. 11 AND 13, PEMBROKE-PLACE, LIVERPOOL. M. QUINN begs to inform his customers and the public that he is about to Retire from the Business, in consequence of which the ENTIRE STOCK OF HIGH-CLASS NEW AND GENUINE SECONDHAND FURNITURE must be disposed of before the end of October. Intending purchasers will do well to call and inspect the stock, which is one of the finest in the city, having mostly been bought from houses of the gentry throughout the country. The whole of the stock is of the finest workmanship and design, having in almost in every instance been specially manufactured by most eminent firms, amongst whom are Dutton, Turner, Gillow. Holden, Garnett, Ste., which at once places the goods beyond suspicion, and affords purchasers an excellent opportunity of meeting with their requirements. CALL AT ONCE. INSPECTION INVITED. • NO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED. All Goods not sold on or before October will be Sold by Auction, of which due notice will be given. T.BE STOCK. COMPRISES. . DINING-ROOM SUITES in oak, walnut, and mahogany upholstered in leather, saddlebags, and Velvets, from £5 to £35. DINING-ROOM SIDEBOARDS to match, from £2 to £3O. DINING-ROOM TABLES in great variety, at low prices. DRAWING-ROOM SUITES in Italian tind American wal- nut. rosewood inlaid, Ac. upholstered in Genoa velvets, brocatelles. tapestry, and velvets, from £5 ss. to £3O. OVERMANTELS in great variety, from 255. to £lO. BEDROOM SUITE:, in ash, walnut, mahogany, tosewood, Bco., from £4 10s. to £45. DUCHESSE and PEDESTAL DRESSING TABLES, in all woods, from 555. to £l4. , BEDSTEADS, all brass, brass mounted, and plain iron, from 7s. 6d. to £lO. Fancy Work and Card Tables, Writing Tables, Whatnots, Music Cabinets, and Bamboo Furnithre in great variety. M• QUINN, 11 AND 13 PEMBROKE-PLACE, LIVERPOOL.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40, LUD,GATE HILL. HOME COMFORTS. CLEANLINESS AND QUIET. Central for businees or D 'assure.

MAENOFFEREN HOTEL, BLAENAU FEST- INIOG.—HPaIthy locality, grand mouat-tin scenery. Very centre for visitors. Three different railways. Tariff 355. to 455. weekly ; or 6s. 6d. and 713.6 d. daily.

T LA NDUD NO.—PARADE HOTEL, Church Walks,close to Pier gates, and opposite Grand Pavilion.— Excellent accommodation; modes at. charges; FIRST-CLASS ORDINARY DAILY at 1.44; luncheons, dinners, teas, choirs and picnic parties catered for. Daily, weekly, and Week-end Boarding. Terms.—C.T.C.

SOUTHPORT.— SUNNYSIDE HYDRO.—Physician Dr. BARNARD°. Summer and Winter Residence, one of the handsomest buildings in Fouthoort, centrally situated, replete with every comfort, fine Sea View ;near Parks, Piers, Trams, and Golf Links; Turkish. Vapour, and other Baths; Massage. Galvanism.—Terms moderate.—Proprictor, J. BOoCOCIC.

J. M. BEACON, SWAN HOTEL, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON. WINES AND SPIRITS OF CHOICEST BRANDS. WORTHINGTON'S East India, Pale and Burton Ales, FINDLATER'S Dublin, Nourishing. alai other Stouts, GUINNESS'S DUBLIN EXTRA STOUT, BO UTLE AID CASK. Hop Bitters, and Old Style Ginger Beer. Bottles only. Family Trade Specially Catered for.

WHITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. ' LIVERPOOL to NEW YORK via Queenstown. EVERY WEDNESDAY. GERMANIC...Wed., Sept. 26 I *TEUTONIC...Wed., Oct. 3. Cotton not carried on Passenger Steamers. Second Cabin will be carried on tne voyage marked thus*, Steerage passage at low rates. including Outfit free of 'charge to New York. Boston, Philadelphia, or Baltimore. The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class. 'uniform in model and arrangements, and unsurpassed in the completeness of their appointments. Saloon and State Room amidships. Apply to Willi', Imam and Co., 34, Leadenhall-street, London, 8.C.. and 10. Water-street. Liverpool.

REGULAR SUNDAY EXCURSIONS FROM LIVERPOOL TO LLANDUDNO, BEAUMARIS, BANGOR AND MENAI BRIDGE. The New Saloon Passenger: Steamer "SNOWDON!' Will make her REGULAR EXCURSIONS to and from above places (weather and circumstances permitting,) EVERY SUNDAY. Leaving the Prince's Landing Stage at 10-45 a.m., and arriving back about 7-45 p.pa. Low Fares. For particulars apply W. H. DODD, Snowdon Passenger S.S. Company. Limited, 31, Tower Buildings, Liverpool. Telephone 7585.

SCOTLAND. ORDINARY RETURN TICKETS issued during the period from the Ist May to 31st October, are available for two Calender Months, by OWL or BEAR, but are not transferable. If not used within the pre- scribed period they are cancelled. No allowance made for tickets lost, mislaid, or not used. • sTEANT COMMUNICATION BETWEEN 111,... LIVERPOOL AND GLASGOW. CALLING AY GUEENOCIC " The first-class full-powered Screw Steamers OWL and BEAR are intended to sail from CLARENCE DOCK (south-west side), Liverpool. as under, carrying goons and Passengers at terms statad in Bailing Bills, to be had from the Agents. SEPIEMBER. From From Princes Landing Clarence Dock., Stage prompt. BEAR TUESDAY 25th, 7 p.m OWL THURSDAY, 27th, 9 p.m BEAR SATURDAY, 29th, 9 p.m ORDINARY PARES:—Cabin (including Steward's Fee) single, 12s. 6d. ; Return £1 ; Steerage, single,6B. ; servants in catin pay full fare. Children above two years, and under twelve years of age half these fares. Cheap Return Tickets (valid for 10 days) issued between Liverpool, Greenock, and Glasgow. Cabin, 15s. Steerage, Bs. AGENTS :—G. and J. Burns, 30, Jamaiea-st., Glasgow, and 10, Bernard st., Leith; William Sinclair, Excise-buildings, Greenock; C. MACIVER & CO. 64, and 65, Tower Buildings, Water-st., Liverpool. Offices of the Bridgewater Navigation Company, Linild,and Old Quay Compauy, 41. Queen-st., and Water-st.. Manches ter, or C. Maclver, &Co Albert-square. Manchester.

EMIGRATION TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD: JOHN WALKER AND Co.. 'EXAMINER OFFICE, • WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOR IUNARD LINE for NEW YORK every SATUR- DAY,kJ and for BOSTON every THURSDAY.—Fare

WHITE STAR LINE for NEW YORK every WEDNESDAY.

AMERICAN LINE—SOUTHAMPTON to NEW YORK, direct every SATURDAY. and LIVERPOOL to PHILADELPHIA. every WEDNESDAY.—Fare £2.

ADEL AID E. NIELBOURNE and SYDNEY STEAMERS from LIVERPOOL.

NTEW ZEALAND, TASMANIA, and AUSTRALIAN .111 LINES landing passengers en route at Teneriffe, Cape Town, and at Hobart. tte.

'3) 4.. •?, 's . "A" .1` P t.+'4o . 4:?, .' 0 4, & 1+ 1 0 •?' 4.,,,S - \() ,'S) 'Pe6 0 'i4 ',,'i •e •' 14, V *-• +t. ce 4 *4;;•1.(b. r& 4iN 4. C2•ll‘ ...4 Y 'SC , • (5'

CROWN SEAL CIGARS. HAVING been appointed by the Manufacturer's SOLE AGENT IN WARRINGTON and DISTRICT for this justly famel CIGAR which is considered by connosieurs to be one of the FINEST CIGARS BE- FORE the Public, I am Fe a position to OFFER them at the exceedingly LOW PRICE oi 14/- PER 100 OR SAMPLES CAN BE HAD AT 6 FOR 1./-. OR 13 FOR 2/- JOSEPH BESWICK, HORSEMARKET-ST AND BUTTERMARKET-ST., WARRINGTON.

GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS. FOR DANISH KIEL BUTTER, SMOKED WILTSHIRE, IRISH ROLL AND HOME-CURED BACON. PRIME CIESHIRE CREESE, In fact for General GROCnIIIRs AND PROVISION'S At Prices to SUIT all try E. DOWNES, FAMILY GROCER AND PROVISION DEALER, 12. OXFORD STREET. EARLESTOWN.

THE BEST MEDICINE FOR BILE, THE BEST MEDICINE FOR WIND, THE BEST MEDICINE FOE INDIGESTION, IS EADE'S ANTIBILIOIJS PILLS. They quickly remove the irritation and fev.rish state of the STOMACH, correct the morbid condition of thf- LIVER. reliev, the system of all impurities, which, by circulating in theblood, irjuriously affect the action of the KIDNEYS. and, by removing the causes of so much discomfort restore the vital energies of body and mind. -- EADE'S A NTIBILIOUS PILLS. Sold by all Chemists in Boxes, Is. lid. and 2s. 9d. or mailed Free on rec 4pt of remittance by GEORGE BADE, 72, GOSWELL-ROAD, LONDON, E.C. FADE'S ANTIBILIOUS PILLS.

EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. THE FIRST TWO PILLS TOIK THE PAIN AWAY. FADE'S pILLS. 2, College Park Villas, Kensal Gree London, W.. May, 1891 EADE'S pILLS. Dear Sir,-1 feel it my duty to tell you I had Rheumatic Gout EADE'S pILLS, once, and had to stop at home for three weeks. I cann:.t dem ibe the pain I suffered. I read your Advertisement, and looked upon It as all others. A brother signalman said, " Try them." I , did so. THE FIRST TWO PILLS TOOK THE PAIN AWAY In a few hours, and I was able to resume my work. No one need be frightened to take them. I have recommended them fl OUT to all whom I have heard k 3 complaining of Rheumatism, RHEUMATISM Gout, Lumbago, Neuralgia. &c., I hope no one will doubt GOUT my statement.—Yours sincerely, RHEUMATISM -JAMES PETTENGALL. Mr. G. Bade. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. Prepared only by George Bate. 72, GOSWELL-ROAD, LONDON, B.C. ; and Sold by all Chemists in Bottles, is, lid. and 2s. u. EADE'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS.

W. BEATTY, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, BROOKFIELD TIMBER YARD, EAR LESTOWN. Dealer in all kinds of Building Materials. General repairs to Property of every Description. All kinds of Drainage and Sewage Work. Estimates given.

rrHOS. CLARK, "EXAMINER" OFFICE, 33, MARKET-STREET, EARLESTOWN. A good selection of Reward Books. Albums, Ladies' Bags and General Stationery, can always be had at the above address. A choice selection of useful Second-hand Books to be sold cheap. Newspapers and Periodicals delivered in the Neighbourhood.

EGRATEFUL PPS' S COMFORTING. BREAKFAST, SUPPER. C 0 C 0 A BOILING WATER OR MILK

ROBINSON, Largest IMPORTER of Mouldings in the Provinces. Over 1000 Patterns kept. PICTURE AND SHOWCARD FRAME MAKER. HAS REMOVED TO 21, ST. ANNE-ST., LIVERPOOL. DIRECTLY OPPOSITE THE CHURCH. Country Customers will be allowed return fare on RIO orders and above.

CLERK to a Leading Turf Accountant (member of Tattersall') will Wire Several Good Things each week direct from the Course. Terms, ss. the week. Can also wire Quick Results and Latest Market Changes.—B. PARKER, 50, Wellesley-rd., Chiswick.

pLOSE OF THE FLAT RACING SEASON.- Unlwky stay-at-home and other backers should follow Russell's Safety System. Clears £l5 weekly for small outlay. Guarantee of success with each pamphlet. Price ss.—Mr. W. H. RUSSEL, 57, Scholefield-st.. Birmingham. N.B.— Correspondence solicited. Mention this paper.

HARDAWAY AND TOPPING. (late BOULOGNE-SUR-MER), Only Address, FLUSHING, HOLLAND, Postage 2fd. Price list publishod twice dail) containing latest market movements, forwarded free on receipt of post- card containing address. NO REPRESENTATIVES AT RACE MEETINGS.

Fr G. PA TERSON, J. e FLUSHING. HOLLAND. The TURF REGISTER, published twice daily, is forwarded post free on receipt of address. Double and Treble Events on all Principal Races. Starting Price Limit Minor Races :- 16 to 1 win. 4 to 1 place, 8 runners. ' No Limit Principal Events.

TEETH. TEETH. TEETH. 'F.EETH. PARKINSON'S TEETH are, at the price UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD. The TEETH. public may rest assured that these state- ments are based on ABSOLUTE TRUTH, ~., and perhaps the best guarantee of this to • TEETH.. intending patients is that J. H. PARKIN- EON has one of the Largest Dental Practices TEETH. in England. the outcome of employing the BEST LABOUR, using the BEST TEETH. MATERIALS obtainab e, and charging the LO A EST POSSIBLE PRICII. TEETHAny set made, or work done by him, and not giving ABSOLUTE SATISFACTION in every detail will be immediately corrected, TEEM. or an ENTIRE NEW SET made FREE OF CHARGE. TEETH. These conditions insure the public's satis- faction and recommendation, exemplified by TEETH. 21 sets having been inserted for patients during one year only directly and indirectly TEETH. through the voluntary p.rsuasion and recom- mendation of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. Any or all of these patients' names and addresses. TEETH. for reference, will be given to any would-be Attient personally applying for them. These, TEETH. with thousands in the past, each recom- mending their friends, speak volumes for Mr. TEETH. Park lISOR s success. His unusually large dental establishment 1 TEETH. adapted for the COMFORT of Patients MUST NOT DETER ANY. ALL are WELCOME to FREE t ONSULTATIONS Daily from 9 to 12 TEETH. and 2to 6. ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS EXTRACTION, TEETH. &c., as hitherto, by the aid of his own made LIQUID NITROUS OXIDE, of which he TEETH. nowliqu-fies for sale to dentists, nearly 1O ,NO gallons weekly. Patients have, there- TEETH. fore, in this speciality also the benefit of his experience. - TEETH. J. H. PARKINSON, Dentist by Examination, TEETH. MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET LIVERPOOL. 24, CHURCH-STREET, ST. HELENS. GEORGE-STREET. EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. Meet. 2 to 5 p.m. WARRINGTON, on WEDNESDAYS, 3, Sankey-street, (Side entrance, first floor) 2 to 5 p.m. RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs. Hughes', Confectioner Bridge-street. from 2 to 5. NORTHWICH, on FRIDAYS. at 18, Applemarket-street, Igri 11 to 12 a.m., and 1 to 5 p.m. jlEf

WE BEG TO ANNOUNCE THAT WE ARE NOW MAKING OUR FIRST AUTUMN SHOW OF MANTLES, JACKETS, & FURS. A SPLENDID SELECTION OF FURS INCLUDING BEAR VICTORIAS AND PELEKINES, MARTEN TAIL CAPES, SQUIRREL BOAS, BEAVER 'DALLAS, AND CAVES, ETC. ORTrimSniTOedCKJACojEldisiest'hei3riFnidest and a Best Assorted we have ever held. An INSPECTION is respectfully invited whether purchase is made or not. NOTE THE ADDRESS : EVAN S,' 17, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON

WE ARE NOW SHOWING NEW STYLES IN BIBLES, BIBLES, JOHN S. GREEN, PRAYER BOOKS, PRINTER, BOOKSELLER, PURSES, PURSES, AND STATIONER, ALBUMS, ALBUMS, 34, BRIDGE-ST. D GE WARRINGTON.o JUST ARRIVED—A NEW STOCK OF MEMORIAL CARDS.

• THOMAS FRAIN, RENT and DEBT COLLECTOR, House, Estate, and General Commission Agent. 39, GLADSTONE STREET, WARRINGTON. RENTS AND ACCOUNTS regularly collected in town or country.—DEßTS PURCHASED. References and Terms on application. Communications promptly attended to.

ONlci BABY'S BONNY 818. ONE PRIVITY PINAFORE. ONE PAIR SILK SLEEVE TIES. FREE 13 Penny Stamps. MONEY RETURNED, ene.h week, to first five answering this Athertisememt. GOULDTHORPE, SHEPLEY. HUDDERSFIELD. Kindly name this paper.

SOUTHPORT.—Good Sitting and Bed Rooms, in modern house; nice locality; very central; terms moderate.-58, Tatbot-st.

DLACKPOOL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, terms is. .1, per day each person ; piano.—Mrs. HOLE, 44. Topping- st., near Talbot Station.

RHYL.—Comfortable APARTMENTS, three cainutes to shore and station, fine large roGms.—Mtb. WILLIAMS, 159, Wellington-road.

FIRST-CLASS Furnished APARTMENTS, North Shore, Blackpool. splendid situation, bath, w.c., and piano. - Apply 158, Warbrick-road.

(,2 OIITHPORT.—PubIie and Private APARTMENTS.—Mrs. 0 ENTWISTLE, (from Bolton) 16, Promenade, near Waverley Hotel. Terms moderate.

TLFRACOMBE—Comfortable Furnished sitting rooms and bedrooms TO LET ; bathroom. Good attendance.— Mrs. &cow, Cairn View House.

MRS. PETREMONT, Plum Tree Bank, Fernleigh-roarl, GRANGE-OVER-SANDS. Comfortable APART- MENTS with homely people.—Terms moderate.

pENMAENMAWR. Detached Furnished Villas, or APARTMENTS, September, or Winter; charming situa- tion; near sea; terms moderate.—Apply, Penrhyn Villa.

BUXTON.—Haddon Grove Hydroponic. Finest inland watering plate in England ; healthiest and best posi- tion, Billiards, Tennis, etc. Send for prospectus.—G. E. HALL, Proprietor.

QOUTHPQRT. Comfortable well-funished APARTMENTS. Li Suitable for Three or Four Gentlemen (or private family), central. near markets, stations, and Pier.—Apply, Mrs. JONES, li, Bath-st.

MIURNISHED LODGINGS, parlour and two bedrooms; 12 beautifully situated on the Tongueland-rd., within a mile of Kirkcudbright.—Apply to A. CLARK, West View, Kirkcudbright, Scotland.

JJEGANWY, North Wales.—Furnished HOUSE to be Let for nine months. Two reception, four bed rooms bathroom, pantry, ; well arranged. Golf links. Five minutes by train from Llandudno. No fogs. 21 guineas per week.—Apply Mrs. ALLCROFT, Thirkleby, Deganwy.

DOUGLAS.—Mrs. E. LINGARD, York House, Castle Drive. opposite Castle Mona Hotel. Beautifully situated ; commanding view of bay and headlands; every modern convenience, private sitting-room; apartments, with or without board; terms strictly moderate; trams pass every few minutes.

STAMPS. —Wanted Old English and Foreign, used and unused; collections or loose.—WicKnis, 7, Charleville Circus, Sydenham, London, S.E.

SANITARY INSPECTORS.—GentIemen rapidly PRE- PARED for EXAM by successful coach (correspondence system.) Testimonials and Terms of SANITA, 10. Waldemar Avenue, Fulham, London.

F OREIGN STAltlPS.—Coilectors WANTED to send for our approval Selections. Several thousand varieties. Good specimens cheap. Collections bought. Reference or deposit required.—BUßßOW STAMP CO., 11, Chapel-walks, Liverpool.

PRESCOT UNlON.—Appointment of SCHOOL ATTEND- ANCE OFFICER.—The School Attendance Committee are prepared to receive applications for the appointment of a School attendance Officer, for the No. 1 District, comprising the Townships of Bold, Crouton. Ditton, Huyton-with•Roby, Rainford and Windle, with ass estimated population of 12 500. Salary £BO per annum.—Appl'cations in candidates own hand writing giving age, occupation, and residence. accom- panied by copies of testimonials of recent date (which w,ll not be returned) to be sent to me not later than 10 am. on MONDAY, the Ist OCT. next. The appoi -tment will be made 'or a period of 12 mouths. and be subject to the approval of the ' ocal Government Board. Canvassing will be a disqualifi- cation. A. F. MANN, Clerk to the Committe?. Union Offices, Whiston, Sept. 20th, 1894.

yULING LADIES who want to be independent and make their way in the world, should write for prospectus of the SCIENTIFIC DRESS-CUTTING ASSOCIATION, 272, Regent Circus, London, W. Situations found for all pupils at good salaries. Established 13 years. DRESSMAKING by SKILLED COMPETENT hands (not pupils) for Town or Country. TAILOR-MADE DRESSES a Socialite. CUTTING and FITTING for home use, Paper or Holland PATTERNS to measurement. Write for Prospectus. SCIENTIFIC-DRESS C UTTLNG ASSOCIATION, 272, Regent Circus, London. W.

TOBACCONISTS commencing. 111 d. Guide (259 pages) 1 3d. How to commence.—TonacconsTs' Co.. 186, Euston-road, London. Manager, H. MYERS, Est. 1866.

T EFT OFF CLOTHES bought, best price for parcels for LA warded, if not approved, goods returned.—JAMES GOR- SCAN. New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 326,328, and 346, Deansgate, Manchester,

QBCOND-HAND DRESS SUITS, Military, Theatrical,Eand 0 Uniforms for sale or hire.--JAmts GORMAN, New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 326. 328, and 346, Deausgate, Manchester. Also Gentlemen's misfit Suits perfectly new at a third cost price.

rpOBACCONISTS and those commencing should call or send 1. for our Price List. Competition defled.--GOLDBXEWS, Paradise-et.. Liverpool. Established 1850.

"DOWN WITH THE DRINK !" That's the only sentence al) ont liquor in the English language on which Te*stalers snot Topers are thoroughly agreed. Bat the former preach it while the latter sometimes practise it. Now we tender to both parties another sentiment, which both can cordially preach and practise. ton, to the real advantage of all their healths and pockets. Yes what healthy and happy harmony there will be in Merrie England when everybody sings : "Brooke, Bond's Tea " Is the Brew for me !" You can very quickly andcheaply test this universal truth by going or sending to our nearest Agent for a Bixpenny Packet of our celebrated Tea. You will find our Agents everywhere,—on your holiday at the sea-side, as well as at your own home. And our p-ices : 1-, 1/2, 1/4, 1/8, 2/-, 2/4 and 2/8 per lb., suit all people and all purses. BROOKE, BOND & CO., LIMITED. THE LANCASHIRE TEA WAREHOUSES— PICCADILY, }MANCHESTER 29, MARKET STREET,

AGRIPPIN IS A GRAND MEDICINE FREE FROM POISON. JUST TRY IT FOR ANY OF THE FOLLOWING COMPLAINTS. IT IS IN ONDERFITL For MEASLES, Teething, Headache, BILIOUSNESS, Feverishness, Sore Throat, Bronchitis, or any CHEST complaint, Pains in the BACK, any Rash or Eruptions on the Skin, any painful redness Swelling or Abscess any SKIN DISEASE, any BLOOD DISORDER. BITES of any kind, BLOOD POISONING and purifies the Blood. SOLD by Mr. Bibby, Grocer, St. James-st., Latchford ; Mr. Gandy, Grocer, Church-st. ; Mr. Flynn. Grocer, Winwiek- rd. ; Mr. Hill, Grocer, &c., Priestly-st. ; Mr. Hollowell. Grocer, Ltverpool-rd. IN POWDERS, TWOPENCE EACH.

GEORGE JACKSON. PAWNBROKE JEWELLER. AND SILVERSMITH, 69, AND 61, CHURCH-ST., WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY. Marble and other CLOCKS. FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS, GUNS and MUSICAL IN- SIRUMENTS of every Description. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

MAGNIFICENT Bevelled Plate Glass Gilt MIRROR, hind- Payments taken. somely carved English Gold frame. Best English plate glass equal to new unseratched, cost six pouuds, size 54 _Ce opi by 41. Only di _L t/ S. 'PD. ATERY Han i some Machine Head V MANDOLINE, two coloured Payments taken. woods, very sweet instrument, cost one guinea. Only 12s. 6D

FIRST-CLASS English SILVER LEVER WATCH, by "G, H. Payments taken. lye, of London," in 'splendid going order, white dial, dust and air tight cases, jewelled with rubies, cost when new five pounds ten, warranted for five years. See this bargain, will S. D. sacrifice for Only

LADY'S exceedingly handsome solid gold NECKLET, each link Payments taken. beautifully engraved with a rose tell, comparatively new, cost five pounds. 36s 6 Only S. D.

QflE NTS' very highly finished Gold Lever WATCH, three-quarter Payments taken. plate movement,chronometer balance, jewelled with rubies, engine turned case, white dial, written guarantee for R 2 15s. five years. Just forfeited. Only QECOND-HAND Gents' very pretty L. 7 solid gold albert, with solid gold Payments taken. medal attached, both are equal to new. Only3os.

HAVING purchased an entirely • new stock of OILCLOTHS, two Payments taken. yards wide, which for quality, beauty of patterns and price have never been equalled. Any length cut per lineal or running yard. Only S. D.

J )LAUD'S IRON PILLS (P.P.) enrich blood, beautify I) complexion; gross, post free 18.—Iiimart and Co., Edinburgh.

ON SALE, MANURE WORKS, 'Widnes, and Gas Works and Cotton Mill, Derbyshire.—Apply to J. HomaNG, 16, Fenwick-Street, Liverpool.

rPO BE SO ID, 20 gross Jam Jars, also TO BE SOLD cheap JL 20 dozen of Old Boots, a few tons of Old Glass .—Apply to M. CUDDY'. Holywell.

CORDIALS.—Recipe for Pepperment, Gingerette, Rasp- berry, Lemonade, sent for eight stamps. TURNER, Sunny Amour, Moss Side, Blackpool.

DARTNBRSHIP —Patentee of a new and much improved CORKDRAWBR for hotels, &c., are prepared to dispose of rights, or form company.—MCIIILLAN, 1, Harrington-st., Liverpool.

INFALLIBLE SYSTEM for Making Money. Has never failed. Many have made fortunes by it. No Agency or similar nonsense. Free for 13 stamps.—P. MATE, 7, Newton Street, Piccadilly, Manchester.

pATCHWORK.-50 pieces silk, satin, brocade. velvet, Is. Bd. or Is 2d. ; print pieces (good parcel) Is. 7d. ; par- cels for bazaar work and doll draping 3s. 6d.—STACEY, London-road, 6outhampton.

A N Old-established MILLINERY, DRAPERY and /1 HOSIERY BUSINESS, together with all fixtures, &c., good opening for a ushing young man; sufficient reasons for giving up.—Apply 244. North Road, Preston.

PHOTOGRAPHY made easy, illustraed catalogue (sent free) of Amateur Ph.,togranher's Requisites—new and second-hand—cheapest house in the trade. The Photographic DepBt, 71, Oxtord-st., Manchester. (All Saints).

FOUND, a way to make One Pound go as far as Three. The most wonderful Stock of Gentle ,•en's and Boys' Cloth- ing in Liverpool. Gent's Dress Suits on Lire, 3s. to ss. per day.—ELwooD, 164, London-road, Liverpool.

TWIN LOWE, Fire and Thief-proot SAFE MAKER, has ON PJ SALE Milner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others ; new and second-hand ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from. —3B, Albert-street, King-street West. Manchester.

MUSISBwreI ,sellindUgSoSoßdLfS. re--s•-hTFishmongers mo usseisat andperi Hawkers IV the winter months, clean and well picked ; cash with order. —Address W. STRINGER,Ran3OII Villa, Skirbeck, near Boston, Lincolnshire.

RUGS t RUGS t t Good all wool, 81t. long. 61t. wide. and weigh over four pounds. Government grey, only been used a little, mu(.ll better than common new. I will send one, post free, for 3s.—From H. J. Gessox, Government Contractor. Rye.

DRESS SUITS, 20s. excellent condition. Few special Misfits, from 30s. ; Coat, 10s. and 12s. Suits on hire, from 3s. per day. Gentlemen's Misfits and Second-hand Clothing of every description always in stock.—Er.woon 164. London-road, Liverpool.

EVANS'S PATENT CHAIR, a most useful and ingeniously constructed Article for prevention of injury to persons engaged in painting, cleaning and glazing high and danger- ous wiuduws.—For particulars apply to LEVI ETANs, 66, Beatrice-st., Oswestry, Salop.

ECZEMA.—" Dr. Wilson's Eczema Cure" immediately relieves irritation and pain mid speedily cures the most obstinate Skin Diseases, when other means signally fail. Jars is. 11€1. ; treble size, 2s. 9d. At most chemists, or post free, direct from 20, Fordham-st., Liverpool.

00K! LOOK ! ! LOOK !I ! Greatest Bargains on I._l Earth. 10,000 WAIEKPROOF HOODS and CAPES. Purchased from the Government. Cost 7s. 6d, each. I will send a Hood and Cape for 24 stamps post free. Quite new, but put out of s, rvice.—Hr. JOHN Cissos, Government Con- tractor, Rye.

LIKIN and S('ORBUTIC nISEASES such as ECZEMA. )0 SCURF, SYCOSIS (Barber's Itch), PIMPLES and other eruptions cured by "ENGLAND'S OINTMENT."— Ras cured cases of long standing af:er medicAt n-en have failed. Per Box Is. 4fd. By Post 18.60. From E. R.—GLAND, Liscard, Liverpool.

HEARTINE CURES HEA.RT DISEASE, and all Diseases of the Nervous System. One bottle proves it. Weak Heart and Palpitation Sufferers try this; three bottles will effect a thorough cure. Of all chemists, or carriage free. 23. 9d. eaeh, of C. WOODCOCK, 190, High-street, Lincoln, or at LEWIS'S, Market-street. Manchester.

HEIGHT INCREASRD.—Three inches without fear of detection by PINET'S Elevators (Patented). Can be worn in any Boot or Shoe. Awarded Gold Medal, Paris. Caution—only obtainable, PINET. E., 56, Berner's-st.,Oxford- st., London, W. Pamphlet and Testimonials one stamp. Note 50.000 people increased their height last year by Pinet's Elevators.

K LbLvß r bmye r sS Nn Fd • Ooßt 'rSs RAT POISON t gest e, v werhlinethroidsuscaeidd as they find the rats dead. Hundreds of testimonials from farmers and others. Also poison for killing Moles, a New Discovery, answers well. Land infested with these pests can be speedily cleared by using SANFORD'S MOLE POISON. Price of either of above. Is. 2d.. Is 6d..25. 6d..55., post free, of SANFORD and SON, Sandy Beds. Sold by Chemists.

"THAT'S WHAT I GET FOR MY PAINS,' as the Cyclist said, when rubbing with fIIBSON'S FAMOUS EMBROCATION.—BottIes I.JI 2s. 9d., and 48. 6d., post free.—GIBSON'S EMBROCATION COMPANY, Queen's Avenue, Castle-st., Liverpool. SOLD at BOOTS, Cash Chemist, Bridge-st., Warrington.

A WARDED FIRST PRIZE MEDAL, Adelaide ..11 Jubilee Exhibition, 1887, and Sydney Centenary Exhibition, 1888. —TO PICTURE FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS. -- Cheapest House In London for English and Foreign Picture Frame and Room Mouldings —all the newest Aesigns. Two million feet always in Stk. Veneered and fancy wood mouldings, etc. Picture frames of every description, oleographs,&o. Further reduction in prices. Wholesale Carver and Gilder. Every requisite for the trade and exportation. Special attention to country and shipping orders. Full particulars in pattern book and catalogue (85 pages 4to demy revised for 1891) for 3d, stamps.—H. MouELL, 17 and 18, Great St. Andrew-st., Bloomsbury, London. Telegraphic address "Rabbitry." London. Stock list, and prices of glass monthly. free.

MO SKIP MAKERS AND OTHERS.—ON SALE, 100 1 Tons CANE, WILLOWS, HAZELS. ac.—G. M. JONES, 11, Victoria Bridge, Manchester.

TO FURNITURE REMOVERS; GARDENERS, AND OTHERS,—MATS, MATS. from 3s. 6d. per dozen. G. M. JONES, n, Victoria Bridge, Manchester.

T_TURDLES, WOOD HURDLES.—G. M. JONFS, 11, Victoria Bridge, opposite the Old Church late 40, Deansgate.

V EAST, YEAST, YE AST.— WholPsale Depot ;all Brands; 1 established 1848.—G. M. JONES, 11, Victoria Bridge, Manchester.

XV INES AND SPIRITS. Cheapest in Manchester, quality V V conaidered.—G.M. JONES. 11, Victoria Bridge.

r, EDDES'F3 DANDELION COFFEE The beat and cheapeat evor offered to the Pub Do. Eold by all Grocers and Druizp;lsts, in Canlattr 10€1., and la. bd each. viholesale by J. GEDDES Zt SON. Warrington.

BDAM—Every salmon, trout, and coarse fish Angler should send for our List of Natural tlAlT,and keep it by him.— Simply a ldress BAMBRIBGE, Eton. Established 1790.

MANUFACTURERS' Remnants in Stuffs, Calicoes, Cash- meres, Velvets, Flannels, rte. ; 10Ib bundles ; cheap ; price list free.—W. CLARKSoN, merchant, 41, Swain-street, Bradford.

PROTECT YOUR GARDENS from ravages of birds Tanned Netting, 35 square yards for is. Will not rot if left out in all weather. Sent any width; carriage paid on all orders over ss. As supplied to the Royal Gardens.—Er. Jortif GAMS, Fish Merchant. Rye.

WALKER'S SPECIFIC FOR PILES.—A Certain safe and speedy remedy. Beneficial to the g, neral health. Cures constipation. Invaluable to ladies. In boxes, is. lid., and 2s. 9d., of most chemists ; by post is. 3d. and 2s. 11d.— J. WALKER, 15, Charlotte-st., Landport.

9IRE KNOCKABOUT WATCH. invaluable to workmen, JL boys, and cyclists, an exeellent and guaranted time- keeper. hundreds sold weedy, strongest watch on earth. care ully packed post free 48. 9d. —Postal orders to A. MARKS, 9, York-road, City-road, London.

LOOK! LOOK!! LOOK !!!—Greatest Bargain on Earth. 10,000 WATERPROOF HOODS and CAPES! Pur- chased from the Government. Cost 7s. 6d. each. I will send a Hood and Cape for 24 stamps, post free. Quite new, but put out of service.—Hy. JOHN GessoN, Government con- tractor, Rye.

GUN. double-barrel. central fire, breech-loader, 12 bore, grand killing weapon, finest barrels, left choked, all other improvements of value; substanti4l. reliable, and well- tested article in leather case, with cartridge belt and cart- ridges all perfect, and carriage paid. 3 guineas cash.—SERGT. WARRILOW. Royal Wilts. Yeomanry CAvalry, Chippenham,

ENGINE. New Horizontal 2-horse Engine and Boiler, with new Saw B=nch ; a bargain.—JOSEPH Jormsorr- Holmes Chapel.

O N SALE, one HORIZONTAL BOILER 15ft. by sft. ; nearly new; about 74ft. of 21in and 1-lin. Shafting, 20 Drums, ac. Premises wanted for other purposes.—Apply, WM. SWINDLEHURST, 50, Grlmshaw-st., Great Harwood, Blackburn.

ON SALE, horizontal BOILER, double riveted. 15ft. by sft., in good condition. Also horizontal ENGINE. 12in. cylinder, 2ft. stroke, the best in England. Also Saw- Bench, Pulleys, Shafting, and Belting.—Apply JAS. TURNER, King-st.. Blackburn.

-UNGINE, &c.—FOR SALE, cheap, through alterations, one very good STEAM ENGINE, about 71 cylinder ; one multitubular Boiler with dome and super heater ; 30ft. of 2-1 turned Shafting ; also wall boxes, hangers, pulleys, &c.; one Circular Saw for steam or hand power. equal to new ; one Mortising Machine ditto; one Mitreing Machine ditto, &e.- 39, Iluddersfield-road, Stalybridge.

WE LET STONE-BREAKERS, all types, with Steel or Iron Frames : also MORTAR MILLS, CON- nRETE MIXERS, DISINTEGRATORS, and GRINDING MACHINERY, and PORTABLE ENGINES en Hire with option of purchase. New and second-hand, ready for de- livery,—S. MASON and Co., Brandon-st., Leicester.

T. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS LIMITED (late Ormerod, 0 Grierson, and Co. Limited), Hulme, Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS, Millwright, and all kinds of Engineeeing Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appli- cation.—Telephone 229. rilWO Cornish BOILERS, 14ft. loy 51t. 6in..l2ft. by sft., In. sured at 651 b. and 701 b. pressure; Vertical Boilers, from 2 h.p. t,", 8 h.p.; One 8 h.p. Portable Engine, One Vertical Engine. 10in. cylinder, 18in. stroke; Two Boiler Shells 30ft. by 7ft. ; One Wrought-iron Cistern, 14ft. long, 61t. wide, 4ft. 61n. deep; Saw Bench, 51t. by 2ft. 2in., 6 in. saw, 5 in. Groov- ing Saw, 3 in. Emery Wheel.—Apply to WILLIAM STEWART, Leigh, Lancashire.

PATENT OFFICE: E. K. DUTTON AND CO„ CHARTERED PATENT AGENTS and CONSULTING ENGI NEERS, 5, JOHN DALTON-STREET, MANCHESTER. E. K. D. & Co. are Practical Engineers as well as Patent Law Experts, and are therefore able to give reliable advice upon the Workable as well as the Patentable nature of an in- vention. Circular of Information ent gratis. Established 30 years N. Telephone 752. grarns Dotus, Manchester.

PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BRISTOL. Have in Stock ready fcr immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particulars on application.

I A. TBMIT OFFICW MANCHESTER, ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have ha fl more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish- ment, and possess practical knowledge of the-cotton, woollen, and iron manrNctures. "Self-141.) to the New Patent Law," price 6d. "Colonial hnd Foreign Patent Laws, price Is, GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON, F.1.P.A., M.8.A., 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

BELL'S ASBESTOS PACKED WATER GAUGES, BELL'S ASBESTOS PACKED COCKS AND VALVES Are the Best Fittings in the Market. When ordering new boilers, steam 'users should indent for and insist upon having these is itmd of antiquated and unre- liable patterns. A Sample Set of Gauges or a Cock will be supplied on a two months' trial. Illustrated Priced Catalogue post free from PUTZ. CURPHBY AND CO., THE ASBESTOS, INDIA RUBBER AND ENGINEER'S STORES, WAREHOUSH, 2, STRAND-ST., JAMES-ST., LIVERPOOL, Telephone, 1078. Telegrams, ASBESTOS—Liverpool.

TUCK AND CO., Limited. INDIA RUBBER & PURE ASBESTOS GOODS. LEATHER BELTING. NAIR AND COTTON BELTING LACES, &c. Guaranteed quality. Lace, Thread, or Copper Sews. or CEMENTED ONLY. BONA FIDE MANUFACTURERS. 42, Chapel Street. Liverpool, Also at 3.5, Market Street, Manchester. London, Cardiff, Newport, and Dublin. LEATHER WORKS. LIVERPOOL.

Ilarittss, fOorOM eartO, Dog, Sct

SORE SHOULDERS, SORE BACKS, &c., quickly CURED BY CONDY'S FLUID. Veterinary Pook free from 61, Turnmill-Street, E. C. Horses suffering from wounds, cuts, bruises, broken knees, cracked heels, grease or thrush. CURED in a few hours by bathing the parts affected with Condy's Fluid. (diluted). It makes the hair grow where rubbed off. Prices, 8 oz.. is.: 20 oz., 2s. of all Chemists. "VETERINARY BOOK free containing full directions for V curing diseases pf Horses, Dogs, &c. from CONDY'S FLUID WORKS. 61. Turnmill-street, London. E C.

HOOPER AND SIMMONS COACH BUILDERS, 6, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES at Moderate Prices. Good Stock to select from. Estimates for Repairs given free. The best work only. Several Good Second-Hand Broughams, Landaus, Victoria., Wagonettes. and Phzetons. now for Sale or Hire.

'I '0 BE SOLD CHEAP. Hawker's Cart, small Float, small I Tipping Cart, two Hay Cutters. --COLLINS, High-street, Runcorn.

(AN SALE, HEARSE, with two design, carved and glass '3 sides, in good working order; also LANDAU, in good condition.—Mrs. HURST. 6, Acton's Walk, Wigan.

OG OWNERS' Name and Address Engraved One Shilling. Dog Collars for Sale. Coal Dealers' Labels wholesale snd retail.—HALL, 53, Paradise-street, Liverpool.

STRONG, serviceable two-wheel VAN, with moveablP cover, suitable for any business, TO BE SOLD, great bargain. No further use for it.—Apply CRANE and Soxs, Scotland-rd., Liverpool.

LXCELLENT Miniature BROUGHAM (seat four), built by Mulliner, silver fittings, double lever brake, fitted for one or pair. in lirst-class order, private property ; will be sold for £65, cost 160 guineas.—Apply-, GEORGE and Co., 221, Scotland-rd., Liverpool.

12/9 WIRE MATTRESS. 12/9 A MARVEL OF CHEAPNESS AND DURABILITY. On Pitch-Pine Polished Frame. full sized Double Bed. do,.ble woven web, best spring steel tinned wire, direct from the works. Carriage Paid to any Railway Station in England for 12/9. Money returned if not approved. Illus- trated Catalogues Free. Address— WIRE MATTRESS CO., GLOSSOP, MANCHESTER.

WESTBY HOUSE, LYTHAM.—Boarding School for Young Ladies.—Principal, Mrs. TOOTELL. Next Term September 13.

LADIES' SCHOOL,MELCIIET HOUSE, LYTHAM. —lnclusive terms, special for cl,.!rgv, references to parents, vacancy for articled pupil.—Principals, the Misses HAMLET (Miss. S. Halket,L.L.A.)

WEST KIRBY (Cheshire) GRAMMAR SCHOOL. Boarders and Day Boys. Next TERNI begins SEPT. 18th.—Apply Rev. W. HOLLOWELL. 8.A., Wynnstay, Dun- raven-rd. At home from September Ist.

EPWORTH COLLEGE, RHYL.--A Modern School for Boys. Thorough English and Commercial Education. Conversational French and German. Sea and mountain air. Comfortable home. Prospectus of the HEAD MASTER.

1-)ICHMOND HOUSE, PENKHULL, STOKE. J. UPON-TRENT.—Boarding and Day School for Girls. with Preparatory Schools for Boys (.stablished 1849). Princi- pal. Miss Boom. Next Term begins September 17. GOVER- NESS-PUPIL required.

NiNTINTERTON, South Cliff, Scarborough.—High- class Education for Girls. Physical culture. Gym- nasium on the premises. Special attention given 10 delicate girls (curvatures, &c.) ; home care. Reopens September 18. Principals: Miss SUTCLIFFE and Mrs. J. JACKSON SHAWE.

WARRINGTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL. The next TERM will begin on TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 18th. 1894. TUIfION FEB for Boys under 12 years of age £2 per term. For further particulars apply to the HEAD MASTER.

MANCHESTER GRAMMAR SCHOOL. FEE £4 4s, PER TERM. The Next TERM Begins TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 18th. Entrance Examination, MONDAY, SEPT. 17th, at 9 a.m. Prospectuses, Forms of Application, .tc., may be had at the School. ONVEN W. COX, Clerk and Receiver. N.B.—Boarding House now open uuder the sanction of the Governors.

Vublitations. “HOW TO ENSURE HEALTH."—A medical work giving Prescriptions and Instructions for the cure of .11 kinds of Debility : post free, two stamps.—Address Dr. BARNES. 48, Lonsdale Square, Barnsbury, London, N.

LADIES' HANDY ILLUSTRATED GUIDE. BY a LADY DOCTOR. Free, two stamps. MADAME A. E. LILY, Colston-st , Bristol. Invalukble information and blessing to womankind.

FREE TO MEN. When you are tired of taking nauseous and mysterious prescriptions and compounds, which do you nogood, but only ruin your digestive organs, write to me and I will send you a book which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN care for lost strength, wasting weakness, &c., from whatever cause arising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE, NO ELECTRIC- ITY. Sent in envolope on receipt of two stamps for postage A. J. LEIGH. 92-93. Great Russell-street, London, W.C.

RAPHAEL'S ALMANAC FOR 1895. Contains Hints to Farmers and Gardeners; Birthday In- formation for every day of the year; the Fate of any Child born during 1895. When to Buy, Sell, Court. Marry, Set Fowls, Seek Employment, Sign Contracts, Ask Favors, Hire Servants, Deal with Others, Speculate, Travel, Remove, &c.. &c. Weather & general Predictions; Farming & other Tables. &c.. &c. 116 pages. Prices 6d. post free 7d. Foulsham & Co.. 4, Pilgrim St., Ludgate Hill, E.C., LOWE and LAITELWATE, Warrington and all Stationers.

A RMY CONTRACTS.—TENDERS for the supplv of .11. FORAGE and PAILLASSE STRAW, for the period of six monihs, from Ist November, 1894, at the various stations in the North-Western Dtstrict, will be received at the under- anentioned office, until 12 o'clock noon, on Wednesday, the 3rd October. 1894. , Forms of Tender, with list of Stations, can be obtained, on I application to the Assistant Adjutant General. Heal Quarter Office, Chester, 11th Sept.. 1894.

Co Ix FLAG LANE, cottage, 4s. 209 BUTTERMARKET STREET, Lockup SHOP, £35. 24 BUTTERMARKET STREET, SHOP with HOUSE. 9 HO RSEMARKCEorTneSrTop criozrrrionofLoyn, me .st. —Finest OLD CROW it Plumber, .rMl!.iariknett Gap, 3r Staocrey2N;arehOuse. Mfi ARKET GATE, finest suti floor. ofOFFICES in town, on MARKET PLACE, capital suite of OFFICES, three BANK STREET, OFFICES, £5 a room. ORFORD LANE, six-room house, ss. clear. pENKETH, Several COTTAGES, k 4s. 9d., 3s. 9d., and 2 Apply, ROBERT LOWE. Estate Agent, Market Gate Chambers Warrington. Telephone—No. 55.

SHOPS & HOUSES TO LET or SOLD with sea and moun- tain view at Colwyn.—Apply B. Evews, Mohreroft, Colwyn.

MO LET, good house, off Bewsey-rd., six rooms, rent 4s. 6d. 1 —Apply, ASHTON and WOODS, solicitors, Horsemarket-st., Warrington.

TO LET, Dwelling-house, HopwoodStreet, four bedrooms, 1 rent ss. 6d.—Apply, ASHTON SG WOODS. Solicitors, Eforsemarket-st., Warrington.

TO EU LET, Good DWELLING-HOUSE with SHOP, Manchester-road,rent 7s. clear.—Apply Thos. COWDELL, estate agent, Mill-st., Warrington:

HOUSH TO LET.-68, Bewsey-st.; capital Dwelling House; 4 bedrooms, bathroom, hot and cold water, wardrobe, 2 entertaining rooms, ac.; reduced rent.—Partiou- lars, THOS. Cownisaa., Estate agent, 45, Scotland-road Cham- bers, Warrington.

W. P. & W. SKELTON, LIMITED, JUBILEE BUILDINGS, HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON. COMPLETE HOUSE FURNISHERS, GENERAL IRONMONGERS, SMALL WARE DEALERS, BUILDERS' MERCHANTS, CYCLE AGENTS. GOLF CLUBS. TENNIS GOODS, EATS, WICKETS. BALLS. LEG GUARDS. GLOVES. Icc. WIRE NETTING, FENC (NG WIRE. BASSINETTES, MAIL CARTS. MATS, MATTING. CARPETS, RUGS. LEATHER BAGS OF ALL DESCRIP- TIONS. LADIES DRESS TRUNKS, TIIAVELLING TRUNKS. • WE RESPECTFULLY SOLICIT ENQUIRIES. JUBILEE BUILDINGS, TTORSEMARKET ST.. WARRINGTON.

•TANNERS LANE COAL WHARF, WARRINGTON. THE PEARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON COMPANY. LIMITED, INCE HALL COLLIERIES, NEAR WIGAN. LOCAL MANAGER, ALFRED PERRIS. AU kinds of House Coal, Nuts, Burgy, and Engine Fuel kept in stock. Wagons sent to any Railway Station, House Orders promptly attended to. N.B.—Orders received also at 19a, Sankey-st.

GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT. BASS'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. ALLSOPP'S MILD AND BITTER ALES. WI! BATLEY'S HOP BITTERS. WHEATLEY'S GINGER BEER. To be had in CASK or BOTTLES from B. CUNNINGHAM, 2. near WATKIN-STREET, WARRINGTON.

Telephone: No. 55. ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. OFFICES—Market Gate Chambers AUCTION Rooms—No.l Bank Street' }. Warrington. AGENT TO—Sun Fire and Life Office, London, Established 1710. Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass, Fidelity Guar- antee and Employers' Liability) Insurance Association. Established 1856. Imperial Live Stock Insurance Association Limited. Es- tablished 1878. National Boiler Insurance Company, Limited. Established 1864.

THOMAS • k_JOWDELL. ESTATE AGENT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, OFFICES AND SALEROOM, SCOTLAND ItOAD CHAMBERS, 45, SCOTLAND ROAD, WARRINGTON. Furniture on SALE by Private Treaty. INSPEC LION INVITED.

1000 pairs of LACE CURTAINS, this seasons patterns. MONDAY NEXT, and two fallowing days, at the MART, 37, CORPORATION-ST., MANCHESTER, at 11 each day. AIR. WM. ELLIS will SELL BY AUCTION up- LVI wards of 1.0,0 pairs of Nottingham Lace Curtains, and other Lace Goods. View mornings of Sale. Catalogues ready.

UNDER THE CLOCK. • PUBLIC BENEFIT BOOT COMPANY. NEW GOODS FOR SUMMER, 1894. GENTLEMEN'S BOOTS and SHOES in all fittings. GENTLEMEN'S CALF SEWN BOOTS, all widths, 8/11 GENTLEMEN'S CALF BOOTS. 10/6, 12/9, 16/6, 18/6, 21/- GENTLEMEN'S RUSSIA TAN CALF, 6/11 to 18/6 GENTLEMEN'S LOW SHOES, all fittings. LADIES' BOOTS AND SHOES in 200 varieties. Three Gold Medals Awarded. UNDER THE CLOCK. 118, BRIDGE-STREET, WARRINGTON.

FISH, GAME, POULTRY, &c. R. GLENDINNING & CO. (who have been established for the last 60 years at ST. JOHN'S MARKET, LIVERPOOL), are now opened with a choice selection of FISH, POULTRY, and GAME (in season) at 48, HORSEMARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON, Special attention will be given to all Orders entrusted to us. BEST ARTICLES SUPPLIED at the LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. R. GLENDINNING & CO.

JON. BLUNDELL & SON, PEMBERTON, WIGAN AND ORRELL COLLIERIES. COAL WHARF, 275 GEE STREET, WARRINGTON. ENLARGEMENT OF PREMISES. COAL LOADED FROM WAGGONS, UNDER SHEDS, PROTECTED FROM EXPOSURE TO THE WEATHER. JOHN DIGNUM, AGENT.

121 2 PER CENT. REDUCTION OFF OUR STOCK PRICES IS NOW OFFERED FOR CASH ONLY, IN HALL, DRAWING-ROOM, DINING-ROOM, PARLOUR, AND BEDROOM SUITS. OVER £8,500 VALUE. FOR INSPECTION, NO BOOKING. 11, • CROSBY AND SONS, 63 AND 65, GREAT GEORGE STREET, LIVERPOOL. ESTABLISHED 1827.

SCOTT'S PILLS Cure Headache and Sickness. Cure Indigestion. Cure Flatulence and Heartburn. Cure all Bilious Affections.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Are a Tonic Purifier. Strengthen the Whole System. Induce Cheerfulness. Invaluable as a Family Medicine.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Cure Loss of Appetite. Cure Depression of Spirits. Cure all Disorders of the Blood. Cure Lassitude and Nervousness.

DR. SCOTT'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS. Are wrapped in a square green package, bearing the name of the proprietor, W. L A NIBBRT, 173, Seymour Place, London, W., by post for 14 or 34 stamps.

GOLD MEDAL DIETETIC TEAS. SPECIALLY RECOMMENDED TO DYSPEPTICS, and a great boon to any who have been denied the use of other teas by their Medical Advisers. • HENRY MILLING & CO. LTD. MERCHANTS, 'WARRINGTON.

DOUGLAS'S REAL RHEUMATIC CURB Is the only safe and true remedy for Rheumatic, Sciatic,ln...a Gout. The Real Rhematic Cure is a liqul 1 medicine t taken internally. ' It speedily des- troys and drives • 'out of the aysteat the morbid and REAL gouty matter which excites mid pains and infiam- RHEUMATIC re associated in an matism, whether Never known to GURi. fever.-24 Canute - Dear Sir, my daughter was afflicted tor two fail'ycttt aieratincerenticss producesonw wroi ephtfehahiurclret arlhr:hhtltbe' matism and was attended by three doctors and given curable. The day before taking your medicine she fai for want of appetite and loss of sleep. After taking 0/.7 bottles of your Real Rheumatic Cure, she was restored _to health. Yours faithfully, Mrs. Hoskinson. Witness to tl3-0 Cure, Rev. Joseph D.Sexton, The English Martyrs,Preston.:- Other testimonials sent free. The Real Rheumatic Cure is sold by all Chemists throughout the United Kingdoin at 2s. 9d. per bottle, or post free with full directions, 33 stanaPs , from the Proprietors : DOUGLAS AND 130., 24, GRIMSHAW-ST., BURNLBT• ' DR. J. COLLIS BROIVNJ-4 CHLORODYNE. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. PIILORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to NJ be the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever dis- covered. 011140RODYNE is the best remedy known for Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis, and Asthma. CHLORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases.—Diptheria, Fever, Croat's, Ague. CHLORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhoea, • and is the only specific in Cholera and Dysentry. eiBLORODYNE effectually cuts short all attack" •NJ of Epilepsy, Hysteria, Palpitation, and Spasms. 011LORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural— , gia. Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis, sce. From Dr. B. J. BOULTON & CO. Hornoastle. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne in onr practice lately, and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. Ib• induces a feeling of comtert and quietude not obtainable by' any other remedy, and it seems to possess this great advan- age over all other Sedatives; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. "Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla, to the effect that Cholera kad been raging fearfullY. and that the ONLY remedy of any s,-rvice was CHLORO- DYNE."—See Lancet . Ist December, 1864. CAUTION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMIT- ATIONS. CAUTION.—Vice Chancellor Sir W. PAGE WOOD stated that Dr. J. COLLIS BROWNE, was, undoubtedly, the inventor of CHLORODYNE " and that the story of the defendant FRRS- MAY, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to sas Asa been sworn to.—See Times, 13th Ji4y,1864. Sold in bottles at is Id., 2s. 94., and 4s. 64. None is genuine without the words "DR. J. COLLIS BROWNWS CHLORODYNE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medical testimony accompanies each battle. SOLE MANUFACTURERS.—J. T. DAVENPORT, 33, Great Russ ell-st.. Bloomsbury. London. DAY, SON, AND HEWITT'S " ORIGINAL" AND CELEBRATED LAMBING AND CALVING • REMEDIES. THE CHEMICAL EXTRACT. For Anointing after Calving and Lambing. For Straining an 4 Preventing Gangrene. For all Sores, Wounds, and Swol,en Udders. For Sore Throat, Strains, and Rheumatism. Price 2s. 64., 3s. 64. and 7s er B We. THE RED DRENCH. For Cleaning after Lambing and Calving. For Hide-boun t, R-d Water, and Yellows, For Chills, Fevers, and Loss of Cud. For Prey- nting Milk Fevers an, t Quarter 111. Price 3s. 6d. per doz. (Ewes); 13s. per doz. (Cows). THE GASEOUS FLUID. Cures General Debility in Stock. Cures Low Condi ion, and Hoven or Blown Cures S. our, or Diar hcea. and Colic, or Gripes. Cures Coughs. Colds, and Loss :4 Appetite. Price is. 94. per bottle; 20s.p -r cloz n. THE GASEODYNB. Used as Laud scum for Deadening Pain. For Severe Diarrhcea and Influenza. For Paining in Bad laming and Calvin... For Inflammatory Colic and Lung Disorders. Price 3s. 64. per bottle. SPECIAL LAMBING AND CALVING CHESTS. with "KEY To PA.ERIERY." complete. £3 38, and £1 10i. carriage paid, PAMPHLET ON LAMB- CA.Lvr,G DIS ,RDEAS, by Mr. T. G. Hewitt, M.Ii.C.V.S,, London, Gratis and post free. ROYAL ANIMAL MEDICINE MANUFACTORY. 2. DORSET-STREET, LONDON. W.

ROC LIE'SHERBAL .EMBROCATION. HOOPING COUGH The celebrated etre:aura HOOPING COUGH cinTltt internza medicine. HOOPING COUGH Of all Chemists price HOOPING COUGH 4s. per bottle. Sole Wholesale Agents: W. EDV. ARDS /6 SON BRONC HIT IS 157. Queen Victoria Street. London. OR UP RocHwa lIERB AL EMBROCATION.

THE PLAGUE OF LIFE A "Little Cough," THE RUIN OF HEALTH: A " Little Cough. THE FORERUNNER OF DEATH: A "Little Cough." Which may be CURED now by the IMMEDIATE USE of HALL'S FOR INFLUENZA LUNG RESTORER Registered AND ALL CHEST LUNG AND THROAT RESTORER COMPLAINTS. Never Fails. It POSSESSES TRE POWER T UNG to SOOlll E. RELIEVE and HEAL, which exists in no RESTORER other preparation. FOR COUGHS LUNG RESTORER on COLDS.. Never Fails. It NEVER FAIL.; to GIVE LUNG INSTANT RELIEF. ItESTORER THE FIRST DOSE IS A SOOTHING PRE - LUNG LUDE TO THE CURE. RESTORER INDUCES SLEEP Calm and Refreshing. LUNG DOES NOT CONTAIN RESTORER LAUDANUM, OPIUM, or Never Fails MORPHIA. LUNG FOR WHOf_TING RESTORER COUGII LUNG IT ACTS LIKE A CHARM.% RESTORER Never Fail Children like it. 1 ONE 13 HALL'S • LUNURESTORER PROVES I2TDS. VBAOLTUT EL • - Registered ESTABLISHED 40 YEARS> GIVES INSTANT NEVER NEVER RELIEF. FAILS. FAILS. EXTRACT FROM LETTER OF WITNESS BEARER: Mrs. M. A. Smith, Orphan Home for Girls, Croydon. To Mr. THOS. HALL.—" DEAR S -I am pleased to testify to the great benefit derived from the use of your LUNG RESTORER, which I kave given to s.veral children my Home—in two cases particularly its effects were marvel- lous, having cured most obstinate Coughs. I shall be pleased to recommend it to all my friends." CAUTION.—When you ask, ask for a Bottle of HALLS LUNG RESTORER, don't be persuaded to accept anythis the. Upon the outside wrapoer of every genuine Bottle' appears my Trade Mark (the figure of HOPE) and Signature. Beware of fraudulent imitations and innovations. Sold by Chemists and Stores everywhere, in Bottles,' is. lid. and 2s. 91. Should there be any difficulty to obtaining, it will be sent carriage paid, on receipt of P. 0.0. for the amount, from THOS. HALL, 24, Queen Victoria- street. London, EC.

TOWLE'S k )11LORODYNE RENOWNED 91 COIiGHS, ADD TOW L E'S CIILORODYNE INFLUENZA, ffi BRONCHITIS, OWLE'S CHLORODYNE CONSUMPTION. ASTHMA, TOWLE'S VALORODYNE SPASMS, _ ' WHOOP ..,NG COUGks, TOWLE'S CHLORODYNE INFLUENZA, &C., 24 DOSES for 13,1 d. It is IMPORTANT to INSIST on having TOWLE'S alr other preparations and ma,kes are pushed for sake of oar& profit. WARRINGTON Br. DISTRICT TRADE PROTECTION SOCIETY. OFFICES: 2, UPPER BANK-STREET WARRINGTON. SUBSCRIPTION 7s. 6d. PER ANNUM. Onmers :—The making of private inquiries as to the res.- pectability and trustworthiness of Traders and others. The Recovery of outstanding accounts. The winding ur of insolvent estates on behalf of Creditors. Mr. W. H. ROBINSON (of Crosfleld and Sons), Chairman Mr. T. J. HULsE (of Rylands Bros. Ltd., Vice-Chairman, - A. BROWNE, Solicitor. T. S. JOLLEY it Co., Secs. BANKERS : NATIONAL andPROVINCIAL BANK OF ENGILAND.- LIMITBD.

5; 11 et

oa Z 2

Ii 6 1 1

NEWS FROM ABROAD. An anecdote about Lord Rosebery is going the round of some French and German papers. It is alleged that once, while crossing from Liverpool to Dublin, or vice versa, Lord Rosebery lost his favourite dog" Mutton " overboard. "Stop, captain, stop the steamer !" cried Lord Rosebery. But the captain replied that he was only allowed to stop if a man fell overboard. " Oh, that can soon be arranged," answered Lord Rosebery, and jumped into the sea. Of course the captain had to order "Stop," and the Peer and his dog were taken up safe and sound. JEWELLERY ROBBERY AT WIGAN. ARREST AT WARRINGTON. On Thursday week at Wigan,a young man named Henry Simons was charged with breaking and entering a lock- up shop in Wallgate, Wigan, and stealing therefrom 84 watches, 120 rings, and other articles of jewellery of the value of £l2O, the property of Mr. John Dickinson, pawnbroker.—The Chief-constable stated that Mr. D,ck- inson's shop was broken into on Friday night last and the articles mentioned in the charge stolen. On Wed- nesday prisoner visited a pawnbroker's shop in Warrington and attempted to pawn a watch which was identified as belonging to Mr. Dickinson.—Prisoner said he could give a satisfactory account of his whereabouts on the night of the robbery. At the time he was in Rochdale. The watch was given to him by a young man, who asked him to pawn it.—Prisoner Was remanded for a week in order that further inquiries might be made. BETTING RAIDS IN YORKSHIRE. FORTY-TWO PERSONS ARRESTED. On Thursday night week,the county police of the Dews- bury Division, acting under Uri direction of Superinten- dent Midgley, made a raid on the Royal Hotel, Batley, the Tablot Hotel, Batley, and the Navigation Inn, Mir- field. Fifty censtables took part in the raid, and alto- gether forty-two persons were arrested under the Gaming Act, including the landlord of each hotel, the landlady of the Navigation Inn, and three well-known book- makers—William Greaves. of Batley ; James Dailey, Batley; and John Mick, Mirfield. The last-named had above £7O in his possession, and the other bookmakers had also a large amount of money as well as betting. books in their pockets. The Batley defendants were taken to the Town Hall in waggonettes, and formally remanded until the 24th, and bail was allowed. The Mirfield defendants were remanded until the 21st. The arrest caused quite a sensation in Batley, and several thousand people assembled in front of the Town Hall during the time formal evidence was being taken. -4,- A PRACTICAL ANARCHIST. _- An imident has occurred in a little village near Milan, in Italy, which has been the subject of discourse in all the country-side. The labourers on a property belong- ing to a rich proprietor named Maj arrived at the manor house with their carts full of corn to make the consign- ment. They were received by Mats son, a young man of twenty-three years of age, who, standing at the gate of the courtyard, addressed them as follows—" Why do you bring us the corn which you have cultivated with so much trouble ? Do you not know that the grain you have sown, cultivated, and cut is yours, just as the ground on which we are born is ours ? Go home, go home ; keep the corn, and shout with me Long live Anarchy !' " The labourers looked at each other stupe- fied,but the young man insisted, and at last the peasants took the corn away, shouting" Long live Anarchy !" The next day the proprietor returned, and, with the help of he earabineers and some police from Milan, forced the 'peasants to return the corn. The son thought it pru- dent to leave the place and go to Lugano for an in- definite period.

ESTABLISHED 185 BIRKBECK BAN Southampton Buildings. Chancery Lane, Lorz.t TWO-AND-A-11ALF per CENT. INTEREST ts.loPied DEPOSITS, repayable on demand. TWO per CENT. on CURRENT ACCOUNTh on minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below 1:10:. STOCKS, SHARES, and ANNUITIES purcnased and SAVINGS DEPARTMENT For the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receives small sum on deposit, and allows Interest monthly on eac.d completed £1 BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A HOUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH. BIRKBECK FREEHOLD i•AND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH. The BIRKBECK ALMANACK, with full particulars. post fre FRANCIS RANENSCROFT. Manager.

FRANCIS MORTON AND COMPANY, LIMITED, LIVERPOOL. Invite Inquiries and Reference to their NEW CATALOGUE.

FENCING AND GATE DEPARTMENT. F. M. 8c Co.'s well-known System of STRAINED CABLE 8c IRON FENCES now in use over some Thousands of Miles at Home and Abroad, is being continually Improved upon to meet extended recjuirements, and complete informa- tion is supplied on application. RAIL! NGS FOR PARK ENCLOSURES, PRIVATE GROUNDS, PUBLIC SITUATIONS, DOG KENNELS, b. ORNAMENTAL HIGH-CLASS GATES/ TO NEW AND ORIGINAL DESIGNS, For Parks, Ragsions, Villas &o. STRONG FIELD GATES, FOR FARMS, ORCHARDS, &e. HURDLES NETTING AND AND TREE GUARDS. WIRE WORK. 40ColekrinEATILTC)T.IS% BAR IRON FENCING, Fitted with F. 14. & Co's Self-Lookiu Joint. • LONDON OFFICE : 17, VICTORIA ST., Westminster, S.W.

POLISHING-A PLEASURE I WILL NOT FINGERSTEPHENSOffs_ MARK. 4: # FURNITURE .. CREAM. ... ..:-.y,:::,-.,,..„--.4--.4 , ~., • , . ~ _ „........::....., ..„ _..•,,.;,..--..,,,,t4,„ • ~.,,,. ••••••. , . . ••••• , „, _______. • __-_________-------- . _ . . . • .- , •-,...„, Sold by 1 Chentists, Grocers, and Ironmongers. Sole Proprietors, STEPHENSON BROS., BRADFORD.

• NORTON'S CAMOMILE PILLS have ft reputation of nearly 100 YEARS •'-''. • "r as being WITHOUT AN EQUAL as a Remedy for INDIGESTION, DYSPEPSIA, , - t , SICK BILIOUSNESS, •:f.',,:•;?.-:,. , , , . RE:AICHE, , and LIVER , COSTIVENESS, COMPLAINTS. .40 ,T-- .41,. : -,.. .. ..;,1, „..., , .•/•., % . -...' ' i I** ''`,4 ' . ' '' 1 . "'. ir ' ' • . NACt''). tltitC6 ' •l'-' • • 4.,. e. , : 'if'",-ti‘ Mild in Operation, Perfectly Safe, and Free from Injurious Drugs. Sold in Bottles at Is. id., `...,1. Id., and lls. each, by all Medicine Vendors throughout the World. Ask for " No.( ton's Camomile Pills," and do not be persuaded to purchase an imitation. Prepared by NORTONI Zap., 21 Spital Square, Loudon, E.,7* ,

rfIOWLE'S PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS for 1 Females, quickly correct all irregularities, remove all obstructions, and relieve the distressing symptoms so preva- lent with the sox. Boxes Is. ltd. and 2s. 9th of all chemists sent anywhere on receip. of 15 or 34 stamps by the maker, R. Ti TOWLE, Chemist, Nottinghan

These tiny soluble CAPSULES are su- perior to Balsam of Oopaiba, Oubebs or 00 1 astringent liquids and CURE IN 48 . HOURS the same lift 1 D diseases without in- convenience. • At! Capsules marked 4/6 of all Ohemista, or post free from my/ WILCOX & Co. ,23c) Oxforol St. ,London,W.

THE WARRINGTON EXAMINER. BEWSEY STREET. THE EXAMINER WORKS, BEWSEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. pAPE R RULE D TO ANY PATTERN ---- ‘ 6EXAMINER " STEAM PRINTING WORKS BEWSEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

WORTH A GU fNEA A 130 X. IU4 AL A PitijrN).,, .1;4• iD - FOR ALT. BILIOUS & NERVOUS DISORDERS, SUCH AS SICK HEADACHE,

ANNUAL SALE, SIX MILLION In Boxes, 91c1., is. and 2s. 9. esclt. iviAz in directions. The is. id. Box cc. ;tins 56 Pi PREPARED ONLY BY THE PROPRIETOR— THOMAS BEECIIAM, St. lielens, Lancash:ro, BEECHAM'S TOOTH PASTE EFFICACIOUS—ECONOMICAL— CLHANSBS THE TEETH—PERFUMES THE DIVIZAT:t In Collapsible Tubes, of all Druggist. cr from the Proprietors. for is., post-paid.

KayePS BEST WOrSdeirS • FAMILY MZDICINE: p. ffhey turn, the Stood, and as a Mild but effectual Aperient are unequalled, and brit yond this they brace up the nerves and s every organ in healthy action, thus 01111111N1 lug complete restoration to perfect health; They are A CERTAIN CURE for INDIGESTION, CONSTIPATION, BILIOUSNESS, HEADACHE, DYSPEPSIA, LIVER AND KIDNEY COMPLAINTS. WOR LADIES OP ALL AGES THEY ABE INVALITABLA Of 611 Chemists. lilt, 2/9. and 410 per bon,

SMITH'S TASTELESS DANDELION ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. is. lld. and 2s. 9d. per box (by post for 15 or 33 stamps), are a proved substitute for calomel. .re suited for either t ex, and may be taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach, head and kidneys ; free the skin of humours, purify the blood. regtilate the bowels with comfort and safety. alter excess in esting or drinking. and are the most valuable at change of life, or periodical obstruction. No Blue Pill or Mer- curials, hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S., 280, Walworth-road, London. PROPRIETOR OF FOSVLEit'S CELEBRATED CORN BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, is. id., per box, by post for 15 stamps ; a known cure, however bad the case. SMITH'S INVALUABLE PILE POWDER , AND PECTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZENGES SAME PRICES. Sold by all Paten!: Medicine Vendors

- A PERFECT CURE vviLKlNsorvs SPECIAL ELIX'R For weakness, loss of tlesh andvital power,rest- less sleep, mmples,nervous exhaustion, ez ailments arising front early or later-day errors. Address:- Messrs. WILKINSON, Medical Hall, Sheffield. ‘, 4136 Y TPHOI CASE, WILL CURE YOU. LoNnoN AGRNTS :—MESSRS. HOVENDEN, 91. CITY- ROAD. who will forward by post.

• HEYLHARRISOP 13W/IT GOLD SIEDAS VIHTT • ER\ KNITS Stockings ribbed or plain GLOVES and CLOTHING in s P '',-,4••• • WOOL, SILK. or COTTON. INSTROG. • :lONS FREE. Lists 2d. per poet. TP.TMIPIIANT .A WARD at EA RIA. The only wINNEr. in the WORLD of i GOLD MEDALS and 210th., Honours. HARRISON KNITTING .MACIIINE Works: 43. Upper Brock St., Maneheiter.

ONE BOX OF CLARK ES' B 41 PILLS i 9 war- ranted to core all discharges from the Urinary Organs in either sex (I(3c:riftel or constitutional), Gravel. and Pain: In the back. Onaranteed free from Mercury. Sold in Boxes. 4s. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throughout the World; or sent to any a thiress for sixty stamp by the Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DUIN COMPANY, Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; li.ta CLAY & SoN9 London. and all the Wholesale Houses.

CREAT AMERICAN PRESCRIPIMI. rgYraTLlTlrenSied),F:fBoEMnirSbl7lrtlilLtlllae Errors of Youth. Lost Manhood, Wealines<3, Dimness of Sight,Bladder, Gravel, Kidney, and Liver rrniiplaniLs. This Proscription is in the hands of a Minister woo will befriend anyone suffering from these enerva.cuig diseases. It has CURED THOUSAHDS. Merely send self-addressed stamped envelop° to the Rev. David Jones, Bay Villa, Lewes, when the preerl-0- Lion will be writ FREE OF CHARGE. Name this Paoer.

WOODS' PATENT GA LVAN ISED STEEL WIRE MATTRESSES, With French and Persian 13,-.lsteads complete. No. 1035—French. 1-37"7---z* ' To be seen carrying ONE TON. We Challenge an-. 7 fl (VT other Wire Mattretis 4..,., ...4.,+".. to stand this Test II , ...f., 7 iti:,-.•6.:,',' ". , ..7 - But is it ever re- . quired of a Mattress ;, •' ... not. Hitherto the complaint against, the use of t Wire Mattresses has been that egetzaki, they 'stretched after a time, which "as true. We give this evere test to prove that ours will not stretch. If they do within 6 years we will replace with new ones. To be had frau: THOMAS SUTTON, Sale Rooms. Legli Street. THE LONGFORD WIRE Co .Limited.WARILINGTON

\ `' ', , y It is a THIN . PLASTER, and TAKES UP NO , ~; : ROOM IN THE BOOT. It is espec,aiiy useiul tor itt,Duk-ING ENLARGED luE JOINTS, which so spoil the symmetry of otherwise beautiful feet. THOUSANDS HAVE BEEN CURED, some of whom have sutured for FIFTY YEARS, without being able to get relief from any other remedy. , . u a .„,. • 'T - 4t.. *lit ' .!• ' . , It acts like magic in A trnisal ?f thlxs,, earrmtlLsosluicrieted relieving all Pain and . ' 114,:`, ..* Throbbing, and soon 4, cures the most obsti- nate Corns & Bunions. Is the 'BEST 11301VIEDlir ever aiseezwerecit; FrAfgorlieVrt:pmgestofrrso,nl M. BEETHAM & SON, Chemists, CHELTENHAM Boxes, is. lid., . of all Chemists.

. . . ',.' • .f" r 4/ • - pins& lIT T 7.k DIE .Are acknowledged by all to be The: Best Medicines for Family Use. MANUFACTURE:I) ONLY AT 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONDON. And Sold by all Medicine Vint-tors throughout the Troi•iti. Advice Gratis, at the above addrces, daily, between the hours of 11 and 4, or by letter.

WEEKLY REPORT ON THE HEALTH OF WARRINGTON. Week ending Bth September, 1894. During the week, which was the 36th of the current year, the following births and deaths were registered : Births. Deaths. Warrington 49 20 Latchford 3 5 Total 52 25 The excess of births over deaths was 27. The death- rate from all causes was equal to 23.2 per 1,000, against 13.8 the average of the previous four weeks, and against 29•2 the corresponding week of last year. The death' rate from the seven chief zymotic diseases was equal to 4.6 per 1,000, against 2 the average rate of the four previous weeks,and against 66 the corresponding week ot 1893. The ages of mortality were- -0-1 1-5 5-15 15-25 25-60 60 up. 6 2 1 8 3 2C; 3 1 1 5 25 The deaths included-3 from diarrhcea, 1 from whoop- ing cough, 1 frorn measles, 1 from phthisis, 1 from cancer, 2 from old age, 2 from premature birth, 4 from lung disease, 2 from liver disease, 1 from brain disease, 1 from drowning. The following cases of infectious disease have been reported during the week :—Scarlet fever 9 cases, enteric fever 1 case. Total number of patients in hospital September Bth METEOROLOGY.—The mean temperature was 52 Fab,. and therefore 6 deg. lower than the preceding week. The maximum temperature 61 F., was recorded on the 2nd inst., and the minimum temperature 40 F., on the 4th inst. The rainfall measured I inch. The general direction- was N.E., the reading of the Anemometer denoting 76Er miles. JOHN H. GORNALL, Medical Officer of Health. LYIIII. WESLEYAN HARVEST FESTIVAL.—The harvest festival' in connection with the Wesleyan chapel took place on Sunday. The church was tastefully decorated with flowers' and fruit by the ladies of the congregation. The Rev,. J. Chamberlain,of Didsbury College, was the preacher at both services. There were large congregations through- out the day. ALLEGED ASSAULT BY FARM LABOURERS.—OR Tuesday morning before Messrs. Watkin and Norris, at the Police Station, Martin Cunningham, Thomas Doyle, and Owen. Cunningham. farm labourers, Lymm, were charged with assaulting John Fallow, farm labourer, High Legh, on the 15th September.—Sufficient evidence was given by the police to justify a remand until Friday's Petty Ses- , sions.—The men were allowed out on bail. ACCIDENT TO A FOOTBALLER.—An unfortunate incident took place on Saturday. While returning to the head- quarters of the Lymm Club, one of the members of a picked team which had met the Lvmm club that after- noon, in running down the lane to the village with his comrades fell and broke his arm. He was taken to Dr. Williamson's surgiry who set the limb, after which he , returned home.

TEETH. TEETH. TEETH. TEETH. PARKINSON'S TEETH are, at the price. UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD. The -FEETII. public may rest assured that these state' ments are based on ABSOLUTE TRUTO, T mid perhaps the best guarantee of this EETH. te' intending patients is that J. H. PARKIN' P-- SON has one of Largest Dental Practicee rrEETH. in England, the outcome of employin,,,g the BEST LABOUR. using the BO'. TEETH. MATERIALS obtainable, and charging tbe LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. TEETH. not !et made, or work done by him. 2134 t giving ABSOLUTE SATI FACTION, every detail will be immediat ,ly correctett; TEETH. or an ENTIRE NEW SET made FREE av CHARGE. TEETH. These conditions insure the pubic's satir faction and recommendation. exemplified bf TEETH. 21 sets having been imerted for patients du lug one year only directly and inuirectnly: TEETH. through the voluntary persuasion and reeor.., mendation of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. An, or all of these patients' names and addresses'. TEETH. for reference, will be given to any would-b: patient personally applying for them. Thes'' TEETH_ with thousands in the past, each recovr mending their friends, speak volumes for lar' TEETH. Parkinson's success. /It His unusually large dental establishroe 4, adapted for the COMFORT of Patients M 1 .V.,St,„ ', TEETH. NOT DETER ANY. ALL are WELCONID ' lg• 1 FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily, from 9 to 1 rrEETiI. and 2to 6. ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS EXTRACTIOS, TEETH. &C.. RS hitherto, by the aid of his own 1115 a:. LIQUID NITROUS OXIDE, of which TEETH. new liquifies for sale to dentists Dear . 10,000 gallons weekly. Patients have, thtela TEETH. fore, in this speciality also the benefit o' P experience. ' TEETH. - J. H. PARKINSON, TEETH. Dentist by Examination, MANCHESTER, 46, MOSLEY-STREET' LIVERPOOL, 24, CHURCH-STREET. ST. HELENS, GEORGE-STREET. EARLESTOWN, on TUESDAYS, at Mrs. Mees, 2 to 5 13'11i' WARRINGTON ON WEDNESDAYS, 3, Sankey-street• (Side ent ance, first floor) 2 to 5 p.m. RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs. Hughes',Confectionef' Bridge-street, from 2 to 5. NORTITWICII. on FRIDAYS. at 18, Applemarket-street. ai" 11 to 12 a.m.. and Ito 5 p.m. Jki _....0".. ,

I ."„Ordinary notices of Births, Marriages, and Deaths, serted free of charge. Marriages or Deaths with the "No Cards," or any addition to the Registrar's ordisTol notice, are charged One Shilling and Sixpence, if prepaid' Al announcements on credit, Two Shillings and Sixpeace'_,„o such announcements must be authenticated by the and address of sender. MARRIAGE. HIGHAM—BARNETT—SepteMber Bth, at the Parish Cburet:r;' Warrington, by the Rev. F. W. Willis, George Highoi Francis Ann Barnett. h rep' KIDYARD HANKEY—September Bth, at the Parish Warrington, by the Rev. F. W. Willis, James We'''. Ridyard to Mary Hankey. arch' HAUGHTON—TAYLOR—September 13th, at the Parish Ch- ton Warrington. by the Rev. F. W. Willis, Arthur Haugh to Martha Taylor. DEATHS. go/ FOGG— September 7th, at Locker-street, Warrington. Ada Fogg, aged 2 years. KAY—September 7th, at Marsh House Lane, Warrine' Joseph Kay, aged 72 years. SHAKESFIAFT—September Bth. at Knutsford-road, Warri"' ton, Stanley Vernon Shakeshaft, aged 4 years. WALKER—September Bth, at Orch Ara-street, Warring,' William Walker, aged q years. BARKER—Sentember 10th. at Brick-street, Warring' Elizabeth Barker, aged 69 years. JOHNSON—September 12th, at the Fever Hospital, warr ton, Thomas Johnson, aged 5 years.
