===== 0002601_18940203_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
L THE ti PASTEUR GERM FILTER SANKEY STREET, WARRIN GTON.

PLEASE NOTE Diseases such as are rightly attributed to water are mot caused by chemical substances. The distinction, us has been well said, between wholesome water and infections water,does not lie in the colour, nor in the smell, nor in the taste, nor in the chemical analysis. It lies, as does the life or death of those who drink it, in the presence or absence of disease germs and the microbes which they develope. Nse PASTEUR FILTER is absolutely the only Filter which insures immunity to the vraterdrinker fecal the terrible ravages produced t y these disease germs. lead what SIR HENRY ROSCOE, M.P., Ph.D., F.R.S. has stated :

Ordinary FILTERS are no god at all. The only rilter that protects the water drinker from the germs is the Pasteur Filter."

PROFESSOR J. ALFRED WANKLYN awl Dr. GILBERT D. SUTHERLAND,report :- 7 The PABTEUR GERM FILTER frees water from ""n•rie !terms. Mere lapse of time cannot affeot its diksietey." ,

WAR G R AVE CHURCH, EARL ESTOWN.

A TEA PARTY will be held in WATIGRAVE SCHOOLS On SHROVE TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 6TH, 1894. Tea on the Tables at 6.30 pm. After Tea a CONCERT will be given by memt•ers of the Wargmve Church Choir, consisting of Songs. Glees, Dn: ts, ate. Conductor and Accompanist, Mr. B. Lerslancl. Concert to commence at 8 p.m. Prices of Admission :—Tea and Reserved Seat at Concert, Is, 6d.; Tea and Second Seat at Concert, is. Concert only— Reserved Seat. 9d.; Second Seat, 6d. Tickets may be obtained from the Rector, Churchwardens, Sidemen, and Members of the Choir ; Mr. Attfield, Queen- street, Barlestown, or from CHAS. H. LEA, Hon. Secretary. Proceeds in aid of the Organ Fund.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0002.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====


===== 0002601_18940203_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
WHITE STAR LINE for NEW YORK every WEDNRSDAY.

GUION LINE to NEW YORK, every SATURDAY.

ADELAI DE. MELBOURNE and SYDNEY STEAMBILS from LIVBRPOOL.

INTENDI NG E 511 GRAM 8 to NEW YORK, BOS- TON. PHILADELPHIA SAN PRA.NCISCO, CANADA, CHINA, JAPAN, AIIt•TIIALIA or NEW ZEALAND, should tak. tickets at the LOWEST BATES at THE "EXAMINER' OFFICE. WARRINGTON. By any ot the above-mentioned c.r any ether 'lnes, JOHN WALKER AND CO., AGENTS.

MANDOLIN, GIATAR, ZITHER, and BANJO, taught by PROFBISSOR BNNIS and Uzi ORA BAN DA.—Addresi YlAtitrta Clambers. Wifte4

===== 0002601_18940203_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
FREE TO MEN.

- When you are tired of taking nauseous and mysterious prescriptions and compounds, which do you nogeod, but only ruin your digestive organs, write to me and I will send you i a book which describes a QUICK AND CBRTAIN cure tor lost strength, wasting weakness, a 4., from whatever cause arising. NO STOMACH MBDICINB, NO ELECTRIC- ', ITY. Sent in envolope on receipt of two stamps for postage. —.kit', 92-93. OreAt lilB2lll-ttrect, Lonclea.:lla,

===== 0002601_18940203_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
HAVE YOU HAD A DRINK OF THE FAMOITS

"TEW-ITT" STOUT

T O-D Alr ?

IF NOT, TRY IT.

ADDRBSS -

RICHARD FORSHAW.

COLLINS GREEN BREWERY.

NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS.

PICTURE FRAMES, MOULDING &C. The Cheapest House in Warrington for Moulding PICTURE FRAMES, PICTURES, PICTURE GLASS, and 3vevy requisite for FRAMES. 50,000 feet a Moulding always in Stook. WHOLESALE OR RETAIL. J. JAMSON. IS, FRIAR'S GATE AND MARKET HALL, WARRINGTON. 71 VICTORIA ROAD, WIDNES.

GREEN'S PATENT SAUSAGE CHOPPING & MINCING MACHINES and FILLERS (Silent and other Patterns).

Suitable for BUTCHERS, MEAT EXPORTERS. CONFECTIONERS, HOTELS, BOARDING-HOUSES. PRIVATE FAMILIES, ice. These Celebrated Machines are used very extensively through- out England. Scotland. Ireland, and the Colonies. Illustrated Price Lists on application.

THOMAS GREEN & SON (LIMITED). SMITHFIELD IRONWORKS, LEEDS and SURRIIY WORKS, BLACKFRIARS ROA-D, LONDON, S.E., or from any Shipping or Export House, Merchant., or Ironmonger in the United Kingdom.

FARMERS STO.RES,

WARRINGTON.,

BII'TCHER.S' SHOP.

Country-fed Beef, Mutton, Pork, Veal, Lamb, itc, of the Best Quality, at the Lowest Prie,es. Deliveries in the Country.

FRUIT SI10?.

Fresh Supplies of Flowers, Fruit and Vegetables Daily. Wreaths, Bouquets, ice., made up on short notice. All Orders receive Prompt Attintion.

FRAGRANT AND REFRESHING TEA..

Those who realise that good TEA is cheap tea are advtsed to send for a parcel of the splendid blsok tea now being soLd by the CITY OF LONDON TEA COMPANY at ONE SHIL- LING and SIXPENCE A POUND, Undoubtedly the best value ever known. Sati4action guaranteed or the mortey returned. 6 pounds, carriage free 91— 71bs for 10s. 6d., 20Ibs. for 28s. 6d. In bulk or packets. CITY OF LONDON TEA COMPANY.

1,2, and 3, Beer-lane. Great Tower-st., London. B.C.

THOS. CLARK, " EXAMINER' OFFICE, 33, MARKET-STREET. EARLESTOWN.

A good selection of Reward Boaks, Album!, Ladies' Bags, and General Stationery, can always be had at the above

aciritssa.

Newspapers and Periodicals deDvered in the Neighbourhood.

INFLUENZA, DIPI,E.IIHERIA, INFLUENZA. SORE THROATS CURED IN ONE HOUR BZ- ‘_l OTORCRcI,FT'S CURE.

For Diphtheria, Quinsy, Coughs, Colds, Asthma, Indira Host, Diarrlicea andlßtauchitis, it is unequalled. In bottles 71*.,, is. lid., and 2s. 9d. Of all Patent Medicine Vendors.

WROLBSALE :-29. PRINCESS-STREET, MANCHESTER.

STOTLIERTS' HEADACHE ,S: NEURALGIA POWDERS,

A certain eves in.lo minutes. From all, Chemists. Grocers and Co-opemtike Storrs, or direct from t. 4 Proprietors. Post* Free, 14 or 33 stamps. In Boxes 1514 i., and 2s. Sd.

TOTHERT 14-IB* SONS, R. S. WHOLESALE CHEMISTS, ATHERTON. NEIB NikNCHESTER.

Law Esp

CHEAP Co.

LO WEST

ro+BBlßlat

BANK QUAY COAL DEPOT

T. HAlmoN & Co.,

ou 1 .apptieat'a 1 NOTE.—WI

COAL MRACHANTS, FACTORY ItAAN COAL YARZ,

rOSSIBT4

WARRINGTON. NTR 11YJES IMMRDIA73

HOME MADE MARMALADE.

A DELICACY IN EVDRY HOUSJLEOLD, COLLINGE'S SEVILLE ORANGE MtkItN.ALAP

SOLD n Au 4 (moms—NY/wow wums.rowN,

THE WARRINGTON SLATE COMPANY, LTD (Late John.Nunnerley and Co., Ltd.). BUILDBRS' MERCHANTS. ARPLY STATION, WARRINGTON, VELINHELL PENRHYN, AND CARNARVON SLATES. CEMENT, LIMZ, DRAIN PIPES, Pim 8R1C74, TILES. and every other kind of Builders' Materials kept In stock at our Arpley Wharf, or sent by road, rail, or vessel toany Town or Port in the United Kingdom SOLE AGENTS fur the RUGBY PORTLANaCIESIENT CO. Telephone No. I 9 Telegraphic Address " Arpley." Vrgtou

applieatin IBLIVEUX

.

I :

===== 0002601_18940203_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT PARAGRAPHS.

'WHAT is laughter?" asks a philosopher. It Is a sound you bear when your hat blows off. IT has been remarked that the cream of experi- ence is skimmed from spilt milk. Wiry should a man be careful about marriage Because a wedding is.almost always a mis 4 take. AT a recent wedding the bridesmaids carried huge bunches of grapes instead of flowers. Sour grapes, of course ! PAT, on beilig told the other day that there was a penny off the loaf, wanted to know if it was off the penny loaf. " llow can that Mrs. Jones wear such loud colours ?" "Why, don't you know? She's as deaf Aka a post." " PROM Kentucky !" "Yes, sir." "Name please ?" " sir. Johnson." "Mister ?" "Yes, sir ; I am given that distinction at home." _

THi young man who prides himself upon look- mg spruce should bear in mind that the spruce is ever green. "Hays you tried Miss Jones' kisses?" is the startling query in the window of a Washington candy shop. "How do you like apple pie, Mr. Cross ?" asked the landlady. "Why, cut up in large pieces and served with cheese," replied the level-headed boarder.

"HAVE you read "Half-hours with Insects ?" asked Bromley. "No," sadly replied Pompano, with a retrospective gleam in his eye, "but I know what it means." " AMBULATOR" writes to ask if we can tell him how to take the curl out of hair. Have you ever tried getting married? EvErx man is fond of striking the nail on the head; but when it happens to he his linger-nail, his enthusiasm becomes wild and incoherent.

"Kiss the baby while you can," admonishes a poet. We can kiss her just aa well fifteen or twenty years from now—if she's that kind of a AN anxioir4 inquirer asks—" Where would,you advise me to go to learn how to play the piano ? " To the woods, dear—to the deep, dark,- damp, dank, dangerous woods. " You have plenty of reading here," s%id a visitor to the literary editor, pointing to a pile of books on the editorial desk. "These are not tor reading," replied the editor: "they are for reviewing."

You-NG MAN of Four--" Mamma, I wish you -wouldn't call me your pet lamb." Mamma—" Why not, dear ? " Young Man of Four—" Well, if I ain a lamb, shouldn't I grow up into a mutton head 2" SHE—" Don't you think something ought to be 'done towards uplifting the stage ?' He— " Yes ; or perhaps something towards the lowering of the bonnet would serve the same purpose."

WHERE do you find men of the least weight? In Ireland, where there are "men of Cork," and in Scotland, where there "are men of Ayr." Bat in London there are " lightermen." JAPANESE etiquette requires visitors to remain st the places they are visiting until they are told to leave. A good many visiting acquaintances in this country seem to be trying to make that the Custom here.

"WHAT are the things that touch us most u we look back through the years ?" asked a female lecturer impressively. There was a moment's awfulpause, and then a small boy in the audience answered, "Our clothes."

NEIt.VOUS OLD INVALID—" Well, Mrs. Nipper, I think it's quite time the passage walls were re- papered." Landlady—" Parding me, sir, but I am a-waitin' to see 'ow your 'ealth goes on. Coffins is sieh things to knock the paper off, a-comin' down."

NERVOUS old lady enters a train; when about to Beat herself discovers a horrid man with a gun. "I hope that thing is not loaded." Frolicsome Sportsman—" Yes, main, it is. However, I will insert this cork in the muzzle. There 1" The timid one is satisfied.

MAMMA-"No, Bobby, you can't do that." Bobby —" Why, Mamma ?" Manuna—" Now, there's no use asking any questions. I have told you not to do it, and if 1 find you have disobeyed me, I'll— well, I'll wash your hands." A WOMAN is accused of attempting to poison her husband, who, however, received prompt medical tissistance, and was able to be present at the trial. "What have you to say in your defence ?" in- Vired. the Judge, addressing the prisoner. "I am innocent! I insist on a pcst-mortem r

"UNCLE JAMES," said a city young lady who as sending a few days in the country, "is that chicken at the gate a Brahmin "No," replied Uncle James, "he's a Leghorn." " Why, cer- tainly, to be sure," said the young lady. "How stupid of me! I can see the horns on his ankles." A LADY was singing the other day at a charity concert, and the audience insisted upon hearing her song dr second time. Her daughter, a little child, was present, and, on being asked afterwards how her mamma had sung, replied, "Very badly, for they made her do it over again."

HE was talking to the girl, and she was suffering in patient endurance. All at once his face lighted up, and she revived slightly. " Ah, Mr. De Sappy, what is it "she inquired quickly and expectantly. "A bwilliant thought stwuck me, Miss Fannie," he replied. "Indeed 1" she sighed wearily. "Whose was it ?"

"LOOK here," said Fusecus, at a recent concert, " the seat you have given me is only fit for a dog." "Why, what's the matter with it !" inquired the attendant; "it's one of the best seats in the hall." "That may all be," said Fusticus, "but it's a dog's seat for all that. Look at the number; tha* proves it—K 9!" A VERY loquacious lady, calling one day to con- sult her physician, talked on and on with such volubility that the latter could not get in a worC edgeways. Growing impatient he at length told her to pat out her tongue, which she did. He then said—" Now please keep it there till you have heard what I have got to say to you."

"YES," said the merchant, "I always mark the most expensive of my goods as ' sold ' during the holiday season. Then when women read the signs it makes them crazy to have the same article, and they are so disappointed that I finally promise to try and get them another—which, of course, I have no trouble in doing. Oh, it's a great scheme, I tell you, and never fails.'

"WILL you be kind enough to take that sack off the seat ?" said a countryman, who got in a train. "No, sir, I don't propose to do anything of the sort ?" replied the drummer, who was sitting on the other side of the seat. "Do you say that you are going to let that sack stay right there ?" "Yes, sir, i do." "In case you don't remove that sack, I shall be under the painful necessity of calling the guard." "You can call in the guard, the engineer and the brakesnian, if you want to. Perhaps you had better stop at the next station and telegraph the general mana.er himself about it." "The guard will put you out of the train." "I don't cam: if he does. lam not going to take that sack from the place where it The indig- nant passenger went along the train, and soon re- turned with the guard. "So you refuse to remove that sack, do you ?.' • asked the guard, "I do." Great sensation. "Why do you persist in refusing to remove that sack ?" "Because it's not mine. "Why didn't you., say so :at once?" "Because nobody asked me." _ _

MR.; ARLINGTON —"I n-ant a thermometer. Give me the 1).-fst you have." Opticiau—" Well, here is one of the finest Venetian glass, and the very best quicksilver." Mrs..Arliugton—" Quick- silver ? I want it for my drawing-r“om. Haven't you any thernir,meter With quick gold. I shan't mind the cost, yon know."

WIFE—" I was very much annoyed at the party last evening." Husband —"l:Vhat was the trouble?' Wife—" Wily, as Mrs.—Mrs—what's her name, was about to induce to me Miss—MiAs—that young lady from Beston—yau know whom I mean—Mrs. Mrs.—what's her name said to me :—‘ Exense me, but your name for the moment has e,caped me.' I was too proN;oked for anything." " Humru," growled the King of the Cannibal Islands, as he glanced 'at a New 'cork paper, which was all that was left of a missionary- that took the leading part in a i.oyal feast. "Wherefore grunt- est thou, your Mjesty ?" murmured the Prime Minister. "I knew that- missionary was a fraud." "Inasmuch as to wherefore?' "Because in this paper, which came from his own country, there are several advertisements for a girl to cook. If there's one thing I hate it's a hypocrite. unless he's well done on toast."

PAINS KILLER eet a bottle to-day of PERRY DAVIS'S PAIN xruER..

CARTF.9'S MTH. lIKR Pair Small PIII

SPUITFUt T7EI

.4nts directly on the seat of Pain Curse Coida,Cloag,,na, Head- ache, rra'asip and Paa. in the Stowrath, Colic, Di a rrb. ce a, . , by atlChansists eE.4 • 29. Avoid all I . one ander iidaleading names. "II I N KILLER

Small ~r..,ur,ci hy the timely Dose meof' that delicate aromatic tooth-wash. Small Fravrant Price i S NT Forr:- ic sugar Coa., I ..h speedily Pure:f Vegetable: ,arrest the progrep of Cure Torpid Liver t 'lec4Y•l'rdeuthe.gtam-s• Without Fall and impart a delghtful inaitae to fle breath. Chemhitst 14. Led Ail gr Chemists Sail it. 948

a "k ted

OhZ Op 0

===== 0002601_18940203_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER

MY DEAREST NELLIE, Braid is, without a doubt, the most fashionable trimming for day gowns and mantles, and with a little care it may be manipulated successfully by the merest novice among amateur dressmakers. Narrow braid is, of course, much eabier to arrange than that of the broader description. A litble care will rectify any little blunder that might be made. Supposing you intend to run plain bands of braid round your dress skirt, you must so arrange that youo ommence and finish at the centre back seaw. Leave a good inch over at either end of the braid, and push this inside the seam, tacking all firmly together on the wrong aide.

Velvet Is of the most fashion- able materials at the prestnt time, and the rieh shades which I have seen on every hand has suggested•their adaptability for millinery. A little toque of the TAM o' Shanter type, with ostrich tips and osprey of the same shade as the velvet, together with a band of sable, a steel buckle and violets would be alike becoming to a girl not quite out of her teens, and to a young lady a few years older, an ordinary turhin may be used as a foundation for this headgear, and I may say that carried out in a pale shade of velvet, such as peach pink, daffodil yellow, or lime green, with dater brown or black feathers, shaded or tipped to correspond or self-coloured, as preferred, with the band either of sable, mink, or beaver, it is difficult to conceive a smarter chapeau for either theatre or concert wear.

A ilainty and useful evening gown with Retrained nei, ltirt is trimmed bewitchingly with bows and bads of the now, fashionable ribbon. The bodice takes a line of its own, and in no way carries out the design employed on the skirt. Cut with the new full basque and open, zouave-like fronts, this bodice could be worn over various skirts, and shou:d prove a useful addition to any wardrobe. For the colour of this bodice, deep shades only are admissible; and, if you take my advice, you will decide in favour of black, which is so useful and so becoming. The model is edged with 'fur, which forms a charming &deb, but, as this is arranged in so prominent a position, it must be good—which, you know, is only another word for expensive. Therefore, to those of you who cannot afford a length of really good fur, I say substitute a jet edging, or oven a lace frill. If the latter, it must be arranged to fall over the shoulders and bust.

Walking toilettes are now either of the very glorified kind, or elae form a contrast by their very simplicity. For church parade the pelisse reigns supreme, and is generally of velvet and satin, trimmed with rich fur; or, if cloth is used, it is of the handsomest type, and covered with braiding and beading, and combined with velvet and fur. To be fashionable no colourings can be too bright; but in better taste are the dark violets, petunias, and olive-greens, trimmed ,with jet or black sequins and dark fur,

A charming walking costume I have seen recently is of more elaborate design than usual. The entire dress is of rich black onduline silk. The bodice, out with deep basque, is turned back with wide revers of black velvet, to display a folded vest of white Bengaline. The entire costume is edged with wolverine fur, thus forming a visiting gown of unusual elegance. The smart toque is of black velvet edged with wolverine, finished at the back with a small bow of white velvet, and in the front with a small blaok jetted bird and some jetted and white osprey.

A season9.ble coat is of thick tan-coloured box cloth, plushed on the wrong side, and further lined throughout with a dainty silk lining. It is trimmed round the neck and shoulders with a handsome skunk collar, which continues in a nar- row stripe down the front edges of the coat, turn- ing, however, ere the bottom is reached, and with a graceful curve continues round the sides in a novel manner. Such a coat looks best worn over a plain skirt of cloth or tweed, while a smart finish is obtained by a small Dutch bonnet of petunia-coloured velvet, edged with fur, and trimmed back and front with rosettes of the velvet each holding an osprey of jet. Strings of petunia way be added; but these little bonnets are con- tinually worn without 41T1ngs of any description. Yours loving friend, JENNIE.

When the great violinist, Dr. Joachim, pays his an- nual visit to this country next month, he will he pro- bably accompanied by his daughter, Frualein Joachim, who will then make her first appearance in England as a singer.

AS all the mayors of New Zealand are ex-officie jus- tices of the peace, Mrs. Yates, who has just been elected chief magistrate of Onehunza, will thus be the first female magistrate in the British Empire, as well as the first woman mayor.

" Rich the treasure, Sweet,the pleasure, Sweetest pleasure after pain." Dryden flonzacea Measure. "IT TOUCHES THE SPOT."— % i Aye that is what " HO3IOCF.A.” does. l And does it quickly too—whether it's . a toothache or neuralgia, with all their shooting pains, or eczema, with its painful and distressing irritation—or piles that makes thousands of lives wretched. Rheumatism in the joints, or muscles has been cured even of years' standing— while for cuts, `• , , i. ,

burns, aid bruises it is fax ahead of any ointinc•nt, that has ever been before the public.

LORD CA.RIZICK says "HOMOCEA" cured him of bleeding piles, when all else failed: that he gave some to a labourer who was lamed by a stone falling upon him, whom it cured. A woman had a pain in the elbow and could not bend it rM i for a year, and it cured her, V- and another used it for scurvy on her leg, and it was doing her good. One letter closes from him with the words, "It is the most won- derful stuff that I ever came across." LORD COMBERMERE says " Homocv.e." did him more good than any embrocation he had ever used for rheumatism.

Reme'mb,er that S "Homocz.a" subdues inflammation and -, • '' - allays irritation al- . most as soon as applied. . All wholesale houses stook " HOMOCEA." It can be obtained from Chemists and others at is. lid or 2s. 9d. per box, or will be sent by post for Is. 3d. and 35., from the Whe.leeale Agency, 21, Hamilton Nhuare, Birkenhead.

A? P-P// ' . ~..r ~. ..dr,. t:. ..it • 4),. ,--), - 61. 0.--,. •.:).41/4.- 4 . tio-/ -.... . 4--:.' ...,,':•A'*-..1 . ......, , ,-. -A- - Sin -- ' / 1 II k \‘ 6 tout doubt one

i . `•. - . i '-• -441' • ~..•ii„,,,,,,,,,.. vik, . ~) • --;'' 1 ..1- 1 1.4,.;', . Z 0 ;:'. VI -,.•_ . • ... t:4l I:, / t ; ,---"!--> -yr .:,..• 0,- ~ .• --- - \-. ,-ililigLll li ' , ,•'/.. • . ".;./ ..( t,1... • C%! 1--411/1 ' yr/ • ~ L•-• . :,,f. ift . . ....,„ _•;,..?...,„., 7 ,•,..r.i. 'A, 11.';',- ; -,,t1 . - . • , .. 'I n!,:m!!'",^ • I • i : ((kr-. , I ' ' . 1-) 2, 'II i . 4. .._ li: ,6,1--:21113,5c. II .•\\ : \‘ „'''' : • \ W I .1 11.f'*...:-.• 7) .( ' - . • , . ' '\ ""li:.' • i, • 1 A ''' ' . '9- I . ' I\\\. —-‘,•'7 i 1 ' :f` ! ...r : '1 1 \ .1° . • .. „ H 1 Ikl\•\ \ . I.. 1)• 1. .1.. \ ‘•\ N / Iki) '.' '1: .I'‘.l- Py .4111: t 4244( \k. *(....,,li•N''',' :‘"l.\,\,) ,‘\'‘,,l.,\t'. • w , ;.: ti,1,,,.., • :-;:f.::' 1i,,, ' r:.- t,\:'\ Os / ~., ~, , ; • k ..,,;....,;::::„.• ~,\, .. 4 A- -...•-.- ' ' ----' '''- . - ---.;-,'," --• -:;=•--7-..,, ... - .

, • .... , ~,,, •,, ~r , ' - •:: " , ....., .4N ' -..,,,U ~ r , s,,v" -,., •.•, ~ ~....,....„.•,•, ..,:‘,..z.:•ir5t,.., ..„.; ,-; • ---s., .„._ ... • .1. ~ ~ i. s'ic,,.*•;. - / ~,, .1, :, ; : 4. ~., ..1, . ' r /4 'iri, ill 1 . , 1 l'i • h ailihiro - •._ ~....,„..;,,......,, , ;,/, _ . ....•:.,.. ~,„• ~.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
Only once a year nowadays, and then on the occasion of a religious festival, does the Empress of Japan appear in public in native dress. Ordinarily she attires herself very handsomely after the style of Worth, of Paris, and a correspondent reports having seen her in a costume of blue velvet trimmed with chinchilla, with a dainty Parisian bonnet of blue velvet on her head. Any woman with an average figure might, says a gossiping correspondent, just now get the respectable homage of the eyes of men by appearing in a slender- shouldered jacket and graceful petticoat. But she will not. She prefers the approval of a dressmaker to the looks of lovers. A London optician made, last year, a unique depar- ture in the mounts of opera glasses. He produced a pair studded with turquoises and pearls as a wedding gift for the Duchess of York. A well-known London banker has now " gone one better," having ordered through a city firm a pair with the rims of the object glass cells studded with diamonds, the mounting being mother-o'-pearl and aluminium. The price of the- binocular is £l2O. One icy night Charlotte Cushman and Lawrence Bar rett came out of the theatre together. The steps were dangerously slippery, and it was with difficulty that they kept their feet at all. As they totteringly descend:d, the great actress said to her companion, quite in her Lady Macbeth manner, "Take a good grip on my arm, Lawrence, and if I slip hold on like grim death; but if you slip, in the name of heaven let go." _ There is sure to be a rush upon Girton and Newnham now that an earl's daughter has declared her intention of becoming a sweet girl graduate at the former college, says the "Princess." The hearts of the Cambridge undergraduates will, I am afraid, be most terribly flut- tered by the presence of the lovely-faced Lady Ulrica Duncombe in their midst. All the Earl of Feversham's daughters are beautiful, and the lately widowed young Duchess of Leinster especially so ; but the general opinion in society is that the youngest, Lady Ulrica, is the fairest of all. The Duchess of Hamilton, besides being a devotee to sport, is one of the great ladies who are fond of playing dairymaid in practical fashion. She has built herself a beautiful little private dairy at Easton Park. The walls are entirely of marble the floors terra-cotta, and the tables pure white alabaster. In the centre there is a marble fountajn of the purest spring water. Her Grace often gets up soon after daybreak, and makes dainty little pats of butter ready to appear at the breakfast- table. Sometimes she even does the milking.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
The Eyes,

When the eyes are treated fairly they are strengthened not weakened, by work. Just as the arms of a black- smith grow the stronger for his trade, so the eyes of watchmakers who work under healthy conditions are found to improve and not to deteriorate in vigour and quickness. It is the abuse of the eyes, nOt their use, Which is to be avoided. If a man is aware either that his eyes need no artificial correction or else have received their proper adjustment, and if his work, whether liter- ary or mechanical, is done in a light both steady and sufficient and with a due regard to ordinary sanitary rules, he may feel sure that he is strengthening his eyes, not weakening them by hard work.

Coffee. Flavouring.

A flavouring of coffee is one of the most delicious of the new flavourings. It may be used in custards, ice- creams, the icing of cake, and in many other cold desserts. A charlotte russe flavoured with coffee is especially nice. To flavour a quart of custard, take two heaping tablespoonfuls of Mocha coffee, ground quite fine and measured alter grinding. If possible,the coffee should have been browned and ground the day it is used. Pour the quart of milk of which the custard is to be made boiling hot over the coffee, beat the whole thor- oughly for two or three minutes over the fire. Then remove it from the stove, cover it and let it stand where it will gradually cool, and the flavouring of the coffee will %-x infused through the milk. Then strain it. This gives a delicate, delicious flavour of coffee.

Wadded Skirts. The bell-shaped skirt is to once again obtain amongst us in the spring, and we have realised how to cut this to perfection. By we, you will understand, please, the best artists are implied, for it is far without the ken of the ordinary dressmaker even now. To wad her skirt is one of the first duties of the woman fashionable, says "Hearth and Home," and this is rather difficult to man- age ; unless the wadding be sewn very neatly, and very extensively, it has a fatally unpleasant habit of settling itself into lumps. The skirts are wadded at the back and round the hems, this inducing weight but to a very slight degree, and, strange as it may seem, this method is adopted alike on the tweed gown and the silken costame which shall pass its hour at the dineeriparty;or the dance.

Preservation of Cut Flowers.

The mistake is ver • often made of exposing cut flowers in rooms to sharp currents of air ; thus, if a stand is arranged and placed near a wind3w that is open a-considerable part of the day, the flowers and foli- age must of necessity fade the sooner. This caution is the more requisite when we have to do with forced flowers early in the spring ; these, by reason of being pressed into flower out of their proper season, have not, as a rule, that persistency of power of resisting this ex- posure which flowers have in their natural season. The same caution is required in dealing with tender exotics, during chilly weather especially. The better way will be to place the flowers in a position where this evil can be partially avoided, yet not in proximity to a fire-place. Lut flowers are oftentimes placed in small vases on the chimney piece ; this when the fire is alight is a great mistake, worse even than th 6 exposure to the draught. In lieu of using fresh flowers in such a position,we would urge all decorators to furnish their vases with everlast- ing flowers. With very choice flowers on whieh special value may be placed, it is an excellent plan to arrange them in a vase which when filled can be covered with a glass shade. In this manner their retention of colour and freshness will be greatly enhanced. When each vase in its turn has to be refilled, some of the flowers, if necessary, can gecerally be used over again, excepting in the summer months, when the quantity is more abun- dant. Those flowers that are still fresh should have a little piece taken off the end of the stem, so that the fresh water given them is the more readily absorbed. The water in which stocks in particular, and some other flowers also, are placed, is seen rendered obnoxious ; in such cases fresh supplies should be given at least every other day, the vases at the same time having a thorough cleansing.—" Cassell's Popular Gardening."

===== 0002601_18940203_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
_ A MILKMAN'S DODGE.

The Farmers and Cleveland Dairy Company, who em- ploy some four hundred milk sellers, have for some time been aware that a system Nf adulterating their milk with water had been going on for some time in Barns- ley. Having set a watch they discovered that one of their men was carrying two cans, one a large and the other a small one, and on the detective asking to be servcd with a sample it was observed that the Company's servant was particularly anxious to draw it from a larger vessel. The detective, however, preferred the smaller one, which led to the discovery that the latter contained a weak, diluted milk which the man had been u‘ing for mixing with the better quality. What was left unsold in both cans was, it appeared brought back and credited to the man. Nine pints of water were found to have been introduced to make up for a large quantity of milk or its value appropriated. The dishon- est milkman has been convicted and fined forty shillings and costs.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
...-...--.,..--.

QUITE ANTHER THING. -ig Angelina, I am getting only £2OO a year. Do you think your affection strong enough for you to become my wife on that income?" "I am afraid not, Mr. Snippy; but it is quite enoudh to become engaged en."

===== 0002601_18940203_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER. SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1894.

\.tgr3 it. .46 4t.,

.47;\

===== 0002601_18940203_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
- I 146- 11 011 EN T STriorlC ,/1' DS SEIZE 0, Him- CHAP.

..! ,'if - , ~,, . At. ' . V.; ~,i,", 3.7.: --. • . . ..ei.... 4:11. .1i i t ~-i" ? 1 09/: ih7.friotT, 11 11 1t I; :11 -'4',., isrti''!;'•l'iiillV '4',lt4 '3"''' l'it ' •11,,1 ~ old; 1',.0 '1+.1,j:;." ' ,::,,. 00r,A.,. ' ~i ,i , ' lif ,11.(11A11.11 , • '1;11', - ~:;i.i,...;;1:.:,.,,,,,-.;,/ii,;',', I,t il4 !ii, , , '' 1 il,lll ,•!‘liki,•!l:i i'l•. l! • lii. 1,;;•;:',:—.4.—i-:.....!;!1p ", `l. . I .4 . 0. 1,,1mt ..r-...1',117.4..- i:.'ttilt4 tf . '`11'..,,,ii 4*.;,;:....,;-,lk,i, r 1 :1• Alt 1,4,k.: I;,,.'tti. I.liii*fti,?:4i '4. lit'l','.yi.li ,ik 'li t illi,Pviphicroil. f; ~,,,' !! Ail i'. 1 •tit:111,1 ,i1T,!,...1:47„Lci•i',,,e41,ifi.,141 4 li,iir,iirylli!Jiii,:;!„.llo.oll.lt_ifollialf.l„ii!l .1,. 0 ~.. ~ ~ ." ~,,,,_„.,,, ~, r .1/.1, 1 , 1 t .11. li r il.' I t 491,41,114rtri1i t,' i'.l, .ii. 1t 1 ~fi, ti. , .. 1:1k 1.1,i, j,:, 1; 1 ,-.!1 1,,,...--ai • 1,:, 1 1. % ._y,),`.&‘ f., . : 4., '..•;.,,,,;i41 .. • . .. .t.:. . 1 ...f.,... .. ~-..".s V .11 ,', fa _.,,,,,. :1 : i •'• '.. • . ' ; . --:',-f" 1 1 /41: '' ''.<•.''.,-;-,'/, '''.' ... L,....... ~ , s'',•-•'.9E."2—=---- - --,,-_7--_____—_—:•_:.-- _ _— _ tfill, 1i.,...,.,......s ~.,,,,,, ~......_,,, ~...,... . ... ,i. .3.5"

===== 0002601_18940203_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
PARTED BY FATE;

OR THE MYSTERY OF BLACK-TOR LIGHTHOUSE. BY LAURA JEAN LIBBEY, Author of "lone, the Pride of the Mill," &c., &o.

CHAPTER RXXV.

A FATAL MISTAKE.

Beautiful, unfortunate Uldene's grief was all the more poignant because she loved Rutledge so well; yet there was a reason, strong as life itself, and more bitter than death, why this hapless daughter, the last of an accursed race, dare not share Rutledge Chester's home and heart.

"Oh, God, what shall I do? What way shall I turn?" she repeated, wringing her hands and raising her pale face to the pitiless night winds that drifted in with the moonlight through the open window. In the solemn hush of midnight strange thoughts came to her. Why should Verlie be happy in his love while she was doomed to the darkness of cold despair? It would not be so hard for Verlie to give him up as for her to lose him beyond recall—forever. Why not go to Verlie, make herself known to her, bind her to a vow of eternal silence, and tell her all? Under the pitiful circumstances, Verlie would certainly see that she must never reveal herself to Rutledge. How she would kneel at Verlie'e feet and beg of her not to hate hr for separating them. Verlie was sweet and good as an angel. Uldene knew that she would clasp her arms around her, and say, gently: "Do not grieve me, Uldene, darling. I will give him up to you without a murmur, since it is God's will. You are restored to us from the very grave; that will be recompense and solace enough for me." Ah, yes, she must see Viten° and tell her all. She had no time to lose if she would save her. Uldene knew that her new-found friend would object most strenuously to her leaving the cottage in bar present weak condition. She must steal cautiously away without her knowledge. Yes, that would he bast.

Leaving a note to her, carefully pinned to the white pillow, in which she expressed her heartfelt gratitude for the kindness that had been shown her, and hoping the time mtght come when she oeuld repay tenfold that kindness, Uldene stole .gently away from the humble cottage' and from the kind woman who had indeed pro the friend in her hour of greatest need. Uldene, faint and weak, pushed steadily on through the intense darkness which preceded the dawn, reaching the railway station as the faint pink streak of early morning was tinting the gray of the eastern sky. She was just in time. The southern express was within five minutes of starting. Uldene pur- chased her ticket, entered the carriage, and took her seat. The sun rose in a flood of crimson and gold glory, travelled through the blue, hazy, cloudless sky, reached the zenith, passed it, and sank slowly to- ward the west. .Still the train whirled on past green fields, small villages, woodland and stream. The dusk settled down, and the night crept on, and One by one the golden stars fixed themselves in the blue sky, and in the darkness of the night the train I stopped at Uldenets destination. Gathering her cloak closely about her, and drawing her veil down over her face, Uldene stepped from the ear. The wharf was But a few steps distant. She made her way to it Without delay, looking furtively around for the long, weather-beaten building, or shed rather, that had always stood to the right of it, when, little boats could be hired. It was not there now; it had been either torn down or the high tide had swept it away. "A .. t, min? Was you looking for a boat?" .. a voice at her elbow. "Yea," answered Uldene, anxiously. "I want to get over to Black-Tor Light-House. I do not need any one to row me over. I—l can handle the oars myself," she added, placing the usual fee in the man's hand. "They are going to have a great time over to the old light-house to-night,' said the boatman. "There's to be a grand wedding. Many a load of merry young folks I've carried over in my boat to-day." "When is the ceremony to take place? At what hour, do you know ?" asked Uldene, trembling in every limb. "At ten, prompt. That is what I heard," he answered. At that moment the clock in an adjoining steeple tolled the hour of eight. Uldene took the oars in her white hands, and the little skiff shot out like al! arrow into the blue, dancing waves. Once a desperate feeling came over her to fling herself from the little boat down, down into the silvery, star-tipped waves, and let the marriage go on. Then a great thrill of joy filled her heart that it was in her power to prevent any other woman from being the bride of him whom she loved better than life itself. At last the keel of the little boat touched the sand of the small island, and Uldene sprang ashore, drawing her boat into safety amongst the dense overhanging willows, and securing it to an ircin staple. This accomplished, she was about to turn to- wards the house, when a hurried, cautious, creep- ing footstep fell upon her ear, and an instant later the tall figure of a man emerged from the path iato sight. The clear moonlight fell upon his dark, sinister Lc; revealing to Uldene the face of her mortal foe—the man who knew the horrible secret of the daughttrs of her race, and who had forced her to fly from her husband, if she would not have that story blazoned to the world. "What was he doing here 7" Uldene asked her- self, breathless with horror. He stopped short, and gazed up at the brilliantly illuminated towers with a tierce light in his ()ark, threatening eyes. He was se near Uldene she sould have reached out her hand and touched hint from where she crouched in such abject terror amongst the trees. She was in deadly fear lest he would hear the loud beating of her heart. But no; he was too deeply engrossed in his own thoughts for that. " liow strange it is, Rutledge Chester, that your path and mine should have crossed again I" he muttered, aloud. "in wedding your first bride you would have robbed me of my wealth, that would have gone to her on her ei;.l eenth birthday had she lived ; and in we Itling this bride you win from me the only woman I have ever loved in all my reckless, sin-hardened-life—a reckless life, handed down from lather to son. From the day you learned, through accident, that I—the trusted bank cashier—was a forger, a smdggler and a gambler, and blozoned it out to the world, so that ever since the officers of the law have been on my track. I have sworn to be avenged upon you. You shall not marry Verlie Sefton to-night! I swear it! I would see you lying dead at my feet first! Ah there is Rutledge Chester now 1" he exclaimed, as a tall figure emerged from the open door, and strolled down the path, directly, toward the dark, shadowy pines behind which the des- perado had stepped. . In that instant Uldene realised Rutledge's peril. There would be a fearful tragedy, uhl, ss she pre- vented it. Rutledge, whom she loved Letter than life itself, wound be slain. Ah, heaven help her to save him!

She tried to cry out to warn him, but her ttngne clove to the roof of her mouth; the wild cry died on her lips, making no sound, and the blood setmod freem in. her _veins with nfroktitl teiror. Her

lirnbs refused 'o hold her slight weight, and she sank down among the sharp brambles; but in that awful moment of speechless terror she bad seen a horrible sight. The tall figure had stepped abreast of the trees—then the hidden foe had sprung upon him. There was a sharp gleam of steel in the moonlight, and Uldene knew no more. In an instant a thrilling cry had broken the still- ness of the night air, and startled the gay group strolling down the sand not far distant, and im- mediately they hurried to the spot from whence the sound had proceeded. And in that fatal moment another small skiff grated on the sand, and Captain Lansing, pale and haggard, but resolute, sprang out. "I am sorry that I did not accept Rutledge's overtures towards friendship," he mused. " Ah, well, if Verlie, the dear girl, can be happier with him than she could have been with me, I bow to the decree of fate. It will be a great surprise to both Verlie and Rutledge to see that I have accepted their kind invitation—even at the last moment—to be present at the wedding. I have had a hard fight with my heart, but, thank God, good feeling has conquered. I—" "Hello 1 What's this ?" he cried aloud.

He hd stumbled against something lying across the path—a human body. "I was not mistaken, then. I did hear a terrible cry a moment since," he muimured, bending down over the prostrate form. "Has there been a tragedy here?" In that moment strong hands seized him. There was a babel of voices—a flashing of lights. The grounds, in a single instant, were filled with frightened guests, who thronged around the pros- trate figure, looking askance at the captain, and whispering, with bated breath, as they closed in around him.

It was not Rutledge Chester who had met such a narrow escape from a terrible fate, but a young man who, unfortunately, closely resembled him. He had not fainted; the fearful blow struck by the unknown assassin had glanced aside, just above his heart, making but a slight incision, and, faint and breathless, he was explaining how he had come down the path, when from behind the pines a man had sprung out, and a hoarse voice had cried out: "You shall never marry Verlie Sefton, the only woman I have ever loved. You shall die first, Rutledge Chester.' Then followed the fatal blow which had so nearly cost him his life.

The throng fell back and glanced, in dismay, at the pale, determined face of the handsome captain, and at Rutledge himself, who Was standing there, with horror expressed on his countenance too deep for words.

1(1,1:11-'1.4 _ CHAPTER XXXVI.

C•- r ' GUILTY OR NOT GUILTY. - " Sparkles the dew, and shines the river, Glitters the tear in the lily's bell— For two are walking apart forever, And wave their hands in a mute farewell. There were many in that group who knew that Rutledge Chester and the handsome captain had been bitter rivals for Verlie Sefton's love. They knew, too, of the reckless threat of vengeance the captain had uttered. They had heard the fatal vow that had burst so thoughtlessly from his lips in a moment of madness—that he would wrest her from his rival at the very altar. The horror-stricken throng gazed at each other with expressive glances and low whispered words.

"My friends—you, Rutledge—can you believe this was my work ?" asked the young captain, aghast. "I swear to you lam innocent. I own that, up to to-night, I had bitter feelings against you; but on this, your wedding night, I came to ask you to pardon my hasty words and my ill- feeling, and to beg for the friendship that, a fortnight since, I scornfully rejected. Do you believe me 2"

Rutledge Chester was too shocked to find words in which to answer him. And those who gathered around the wounded man, to bear him up to the lighthouse, turned their faces from him with darkening brows, in which he read his answer. Suddenly, through the shocked group, a little slender figure burst—a little slim figure in white surah silk and dark, curling hair. It was poor Neddy. "Though the world should believe you guilty and turn from you, I should still believe in your innocence, Captain Lansing," she cried out, falteringly. "I know you have not done this awful deed. Why don't somebody search the grounds ? " Among all of Captain Lansing's friends—many of whom had known him from his boyhood up— only this one young girl stood by him, believing him guiltless. He was a brave soldier and a haughty man, but tears came to his eyes—tears of emotion and gratitude—as he looked down upon her. "Thank you for your faith in me, Miss Temple," he said, brokenly, bending his handsome head over the little, extended fluttering white hand, and clasping it closely. "Your words have given me courage to face this terrible accusation and prove my innocence. I shall never rest with such a cloud darkening my fair name and fame. I shall fiud out who gild this deed committed to- night, if it costs every cent of my fortune." A sturdy official—one of Mark Sefton's old fziends, who had been invited to the wedding as one of the guests, never dreaming a sterner duty would be required of him—here stepped forward. "It is my painful duty to arrest you on sus- picion, Mr.-7 Mr.—"

"Lansing," supplemented the captain, bowing gravely. "I submit, sir," he answered, proudly. "I shall not interfere in the performance of your duty." And amidst Neddy's hysterical weeping and the murmur cf his old friends—who had turned against him in his hour of need—the poor captain was led away. And while this conclusion was going on in the grounds a pitiful scene was being enacted in the bride-elect's chamber. A dark figure had glided In through the open doorway of the lighthouse, swiftly ascending the spiral stairway, pausing breathlessly before the door of 7erlie's room, push- ing it open with unsteady, trembling hands. "Is it you, Neddy ?" exclaimed Verlie, turning suddenly around. "What its the world is happen- ing out there in the grounds? You promised to come back instantly and let me know." As she spoke, she lifted her blue eyes, behold- ing, not gay, laughing Neddy, but a slim figure dressed in a (lark travelling dress, bedraggled with dew and sea-weed, her face heavily shrouded by a thick, black veil. "Who are yotii my goo-1 girl, and what do you want here?" exclaimed Verlie, in astonishment, but not tnikin:ily. "Oh, Verlie, don't you know me?" ex- claimed a tremulous voice that seemed to come horn the contit,es of the tomb. "Teat votce "

• Verlie took a step forward, trembling with terror, and, throv,ing off her veil, with a bitter, piteous cry, UidE,ne staggered forward and flung herself at Verhe's feet.

What lu.ppened in the pitiful moments that followed 13av(tit end the listening angels will bear with. SVi.ezi the bridetAnaids name back, all in 'a ftuter, si.ine twenty minutes later, they found VerdeSfoti lying in her bridal robes, quite alone, end in a a taint, upon the carpet. " Ah;;Who hl been so cruel as to tell her of the dastardly atA ciiipt upon Rutledge's life !" they exclairaed. ." No wonder she had swooned at the horraile sh4oWc."

As the hokits rolled on Verlie grew rapidly worse, and the doctor in attendance soon gave out that there would be no wedding there that night;

"I *mitt chat P; was an evil omen a-trying on of her weddin' gown," muttered the old house- 'sNe.-11v, pale and trembling, passed her by; but Neddy was too troubled to answer her.

We will pass lightly over the scenes that fol. lowed, dear reader, during the long weeks that Verlie Sefton lay sick unto death, oblivious of all that was transpiring around her. Those terrible weeks an honourable man—who was innocent as a babe of the crime of which he was accused—spent in a prison oelL There was a horrible chain of -circumstantial evidence around the poor captain that would drag him down to his doom. Fate itself seemed to have tightened its merciless web about him. The tide of I,opular opinion and feeling was against him. He knew that he was not the first man who had been a martyr to circumstantial evidence, he told himself, bitterly. He was a Lansing, and the Lansings were all brave men; he would not be the first of the race who had been called upon to face a trying ordeal. r. The fact which enraged public feeling was if the fatal steel had not glanced off from the gold pencil the victim happened to have in his vest pocket, it would have passed through his heart. Even the captain's attorneys, when alone in con- sultation, shook their heads.

, " We are afraid, in spite of all the efforts we can put forth, the verdict will he a term of years in prison." they agreed. sorrowfully.

iu cll,,se isieddy proved his tirm and stewifast. friend.

In ids darkest hours she would try to &Jeer him, declai nig, hop fully : "It would be sure to come out all right soon, and that every cloud had its silver lining.' Poor Noddy How bravely she tried to inspire him with hope, even up to the last. If he had noticed closely, he might have known by her swollen eyes that she spent most of her time in hopeless, parsionate tears. There was but one person who could have saved him, who listened attentively to all that was said of the pitiful case, in the little Adjacent village to which she had fled, easily concealing her identity behind a widow's cap and blue glasses, and that was Uldene herself.

One word from her would prove him guiltless of the terrible charge, but in doing this she would be obliged to reveal her own identity, and from this Uldene shrank in pitiful terror. She was dead to Rutledge and the world; she must never reveal herself; even Verlie, who had heard her terrible story, had agreed—for Rutledge's sake—it must be so.

She was the only person who could point out the true would-be assassin, and clear this young captain's name and fame. Should she do it, and suffer the consequences that would inevitably follow, or not? Long and earnestly Uldene pondered over the thought. If she set the officers of the law upon the daring stranger's track, and they should hunt him down, he would take a horrible vengeanoe upon her by blazoning her history and her story to the scandat-loving world. And yet because of this fatal power he held over her, should she let the in- nocent man suffer?

_____------ . Uldene was sorely perplexed. She wan so young, so friendless, with no one to advise—no one to reason with her—it is not to be wondered that she hesitated so pitifully. • The days and weeks flew by, bringing at last the fatal day of Captain Lansing's trial. The court room was crowded to its utmost eapaeity. Everyone pitied the handsome young prisoner in the box; yet, in the face of the net- work of circumstantial evidence around him, who could believe him guiltless? The captain and Rutledge Chester had been bitter rivals for a fair lady's love. Rutledge's wooing had met with success—the captain's with ignominious defeat, and he had sworn a terrible oath of vengeance upon his more fortunate rival, vowing that the fair lady should never be his bride, for he would snatch her from him at the very altar. As the fatal testimony of one after another was given, brave as the captain was. cold dew stood out on his brow and trickled down on his clenched hands. His lips were set in a straight tense line that betokened the keenest agony, and tears that were no 'disgrace to his manhood sprang to his eyes. A prison cell for a long term of years stared him in the face. Better death than that. He realised with his quick intuition, when he saw the faces of the jury turned away from him, as they filed slowly back to their seats, what the verdict would be. He was innocent; yet on circumstantial evidence he would be couvieted.

" Gentle Men," said the judge, solemnly addressing the jury, "have you found a verdict?' The foreman rose slowly to his feet, facing the judge. There was a great hush in the vast assem- blage. Every one bent breathlessly forward to hear what followed. Every one anticipated what his answer must be.

"Your honour," answered the foreman, sorrow- fully, yet with terrible distinctness, "we, the jury, find the prisoner gui—" The terrible word was never finished. A slender figure heavily veiled, rose up from among the crowd with a piercing cry, and gasped out; "Hold, your honour I I have something to say !" and as she spoke, Uldene—for it was she— flung the veil back from her face, and faced the horror-stricken throng. (To be zontinue(L)

===== 0002601_18940203_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
r!x,,,tc,n

seJL %'\,'saggi')l

N.. 1 r 11 4

===== 0002601_18940203_art0016.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
iff I

===== 0002601_18940203_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
SAD DEATH OF A LIVERPOOL CAPTAIN AT RUNCORN.

On Monday at the Seamen's Institute Runcorn, Mr. J. E. Worsley held sin inquest on the body of Captain Frederick Charles -Wallandaine, of Rock Ferry, overlooker for Messrs. Price and Company of Liverpool who died on board the sailing ship "Queen of the West" at Runcorn Docks on Saturday from injuries receive& the previous Sunday. Mr. Francis Wiswall C.E. of Stanley Villas, watched the proceedings on behalf of the relatives of the de- ceased; and Mr. John F. Jellico of Liverpool was present for the Scottish Metropolitan Life Assu ance Company, in which society the deceased was insured for £l,OOO. Inspector Cooper acted for the police. Mr. Wiswall who said he was cousin by marriage, gave evidence of identification. The deceased was 55 years of age, and was a strong healthy man.— William Griffiths first mate on the Queen of the West, "said the deceased came on Board at six o'clock on Saturday evening the 20th ult. He appeared in his usual health and made no complaint of feeling ill. The ship began to drag her anahor and witness went forward to help in dropping her anchor. When this was done, he found the deceased sitting on the poop. He said he was awfully bad ; he had slipped on the deck and he suffered from rheumatics. He helped him into the cabin. The accident on the quarter deck had not caused the wound on the deceased's forehead. Gertrude Canadine, of the Nurses' Institute, 70, Hope-street, Liverpool, said she was called in to attend to the deceased a week age. He was lying on a bed made upon the table in the cabin in the vessel which was lying in Runcorn Dock. On Tues- day night he regained consciousness for a short time and told her that he slipped on the deck on Saturday night, but he did not say that he hurt himself then. He then went down into the cabin and fell asleep on the locker. He was falling from there and got hold of the stove to save himself. The stove was hot, and he let go and then fell with his head against the sharp corner of the form. He severely burned his right hand.—Dr. Murdock MaaKenzie said he attended the deceased from the time of vessel arrivinglin Runcorn until his death. In his opinion the cause of death was concussion of the brain. the accident as described to the nurse was such as would be likely to cause the injuries from which the deceased suffered. The steward who had witnessed the accident had joined another ship, but be had left a written statement. The Coroner there was no occasion for taking that statement at that in- quiry.—Mr. Jellico asked whether it was probable the , faintness of giddiness caused the fall or an accidental , slip.—Dr. MacKenzie said he thought it was accidental fall. The statement of the steward supported this view. In reply to Mr. Williams (a juryman), Dr. MacKenzie said he did not think the fall on the deck bad anything to do with the concussion. If it had he would have been unconscious all the time and it would have taken seven or eight mee to have carried him below. He was a very big man.—The Coroner said there could be very little doubt that it was a very lamentable and sad accident. They had it from his own mouth how it had occurred. The jury returned a verdict of "accidental death."

===== 0002601_18940203_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
COMPLICATED MARRIAGE.

Marriage in Sikkim and Thibet, according to Babu Sarat Chandra Das—who has been reading papers on this subject before the Bengal Asiatic Society—is a serious matter for bridegrooms, for the rites and cere- m.inies are both many and costly. Formerly the festi- vities were kept up for nine days and nights. They now last three days, and end with what is called the "dance of marriage," in which partner pulls his partner's ears. The guests then disperse, and the married couple retire. In ' Puran, it seems, the custom of marriage by capture is still in 'force. The lady is "deported," and well looked after until such time as an alliance can be nego- tiated. If the parents are hostile, or if the heroine is refractory, the matter is .laid before the village elders, who have apparently power to overrule objections, and fix an auspicious day for the wedding. "When a girl," says this authority. " has given her heart to a man,but her parents will net let her marry him, she elopes with him." "Marriage by elopement,' however, seems to be accompanied by tedious formalities. The bride having been conveyed to a safe place, the father and other rela- Lives of the lover, loaded with gifts and provisions, set forth to appease the angry parents. At a distance of a hundred yards from the house, they take up their posi- tion and wave a khatag, or "salutation scarf:" to inti- mate their avowal of an offer of marriage—a mode of procelure which has been described as "popping the question by flag signal." At first the parents take no notice of this, and decline to look at them ; but the " longmi " continue their entreaties for three or four days, and do not leave the place until by their impor- tunity they have moved the hearts of the bride's par- ents.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
Cr) o Ayr . , " 1

tilil4 4"6-iliekrii• • GIVE EA9E & COMFORT DURING TEETHING. Pleasant, Cooling Aperient for Children of all Awn. Try them and prove their value for yourselves. Sold everywhere in packets, is. ltd. and 2s. 9d., or post rots 14 or 34 stamps. J. PRITCHARD, CHEMIST. CHEADLE, MANCHESTER (lateC!lrr:ten Road).

===== 0002601_18940203_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
MILITARY TOURNAMENT AND ASSAULT AT ARMS AT EARLESTOWN.

Under the auspices of the Earlestown, Newton and District Gymnasium, and in aid of the funds a grand tournament aid assault at arms was given in the Town Hall,Earlestown, on Thursday evening before a large and fashionable audience,by members of the local gymnasium, the Liverpool gymnusiuzi. "C " Troop of Lancashire hussars, and members of the Newton Campany of the 6 c. V.B.K.L. R., under the direction of Mr. R. Brunton. Colonel J. L. Wood presided and there were also present the Hon. T. W. Legh, M.P., Robert Stone, J.P., F. J. Wood, T. D. Grimke-Drayton, John Stone, Dr. Stone, Dr. Street, R. Stuart, and others. Colonel Wood, in opening the proceedings, said he was glad to see that notwithstanding the unfavourable state of the weather such a splendid audience had assembled in the new Town Hall to witness a display by members of the gymnasium. Their presence in such large num- bers, would, he was sure, encourage the members, to give their exercises with greater spirit than they would have done if the hall had only been half filled. (Hear, hear.) Their attendance in such large numbers also showed their interest in the physical training of young men. The noble records of victories by this country, were owing entirely to the sports and pastimes which had been in force for ages past. In our own district we had snorts and pastimes of whlch we ought to be proud but time would not permit him to go into details, he, however, would mention the games of golf, cricket and football. Speaking directly of the object of that gather- ing, he said there was a lack of a suitable room for young people to meet where they could receive instruc- tion in physical training. He understood Mr. Brunton to say that this want had to a considerable extent been met, and they would that night see what a few months cf instruction had done. A considerable sum of money had been subscribed, but there was much more wanted to complete and fit up a building, and on behalf of the Committee and members of that desirable institution he appealed te outside friends to help forward this good work, and so assist in the establishment of what must be from a moral and physical point of view, a great benefit to the young men of the neighbourhood. (Applause.) The exercises were then proceeded with, the first item being sword exercises by a squad of the Lancashire hussars, under the instruction of Sergeant Major Strange. Then followed a competition by members of the local gymnasium, including, barbells, dumb bells, and Indian Clubs, for six silver medals; bayonet exercise by squad of the 8. T.8.L.R., under, the instruction of Sergeant Instructor Sweeney, and physical drill by the same squad ; lance exercises by the "B " troop of hussars, [under the instruction of Sergeant Major Cook ; boxing,. high jumping, in which Mr. Dobson of Liverpool cleared sft. 4in., on a slippery floor. Sword feats by Sergeant- Major Slorrer, including splitting a potatoe on the hand, neck and throat of a man. The members of the Liver- pool Gymnasium, also gave some clever exhibitions on 'f• the parr allel bars, in which Messrs. Lunn, Mason, Dobson, Singleton, Williams, Tickers, and - Davies, tonic part, their performances being loudly ap-- plauded. Their display also included rope-climbing, which was much admired. The prizes for the competitions by the local gymnasts were Messrs. Lunn and Mason—(Liverpool)—and the prizes were awarded as follows :-1, J. Miller, (57) marks 2J. Liptrot (55) 3 • J. Cooke, (53) A. Shallcross, (52), W. Gee, 51, and W. Speakman (50), and medals were presented accordingly by the chairman, who also announced that the competi- tors had only had 12 lessons. A fencing display by Dr. - Street and Sergeant Major Slorrer was also much ad- mired. Mr. T. W. Legh, in proposing a vote of thanks to the chairman, congratulated him and the members upon an unqualified success. The proceedings had been both interesting and encouraging they had been privileged to. witness the kind of feats in which Englishmen liked to. excel, and also feats under trying circumstances on the part of their friends. It was rather late to talk about the advantages of a gymnasium for a district like that. The advantages were so obvious that it was not neces- sary to say much on the subject. It was an object deserving the support of all individuals, and after that meeting he was certain that sue- cess of the project was assured. Before long a gymnasium in that locality would be established, and he had no doubt himself that that district would be able to furnish a thoroughly efficient team of athletes who would be some day probably able to compete with such tried performers as the Liverpool gymnasium, whese performances had given them so much pleasure that night. (Applause.) Mr. T. D. Grimke-Drayton seconded, and it was heartily accorded.

Mr. Robert Stone moved a vote of thanks to Mr. Brun- ton, the members of the Liverpool Gymnasium, the volunteers and hussars, and Mr. R. Stuart having seconded, it was unanimously accorded.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HON. T. W. LEGH, M.P., AT EARLES- TOWN.

Mr. Legh the member for the Newton division was present at a meeting of the Conservative Asso- ciation in the Town Hall, Newton, on Saturday afternoon. Representatives were present from all parts of the division. Mr. Legh in a few remarks expressed the pleasure it gave him to meet such a representative gathering, which showed that they had th,t unionist cause at heart. The Hon. gentleman afterwards paid a visit to the Earlesto cvn Conservative Club, where a smoking concert was being held. Mr. C. B. F. Borron presided and Mr. Robert Stone waci also present.

The Chairman said it gave him great pleasure to be present, the more so because they had Mr. Legh their member with them.

Mr. Legh was not aware that the concert was to have been held that evening, otherwise he would have made arrangements to stay the evening, but he had to return on the next train. He would therefore with their per- mission, call upon him to say a few words, and give them an oppoortunity of hearing his voice, which they had not heard this year. He extended to him hearty wishes for a happy new year. (Applause.) Mr. Legh who was received with loud cheers, said he came there to attend a meeting of the association, and he had no idea that such an entertainment was in con- templation. He supposed he was expected to say some- thing, as members of Parliament usually were. Some members talked a lot, but said nothing. There were various topics that occurred to hirmbut he did not think that any of them had any connection with a smoking concert, he did not think the question of Parish Councils or the Employers' Liability would be appropriate. He had read in the papers that two distinguished statesmen, had lately been addressing their con- stituents, but these gentlemen could not find anything particular to talk about, how much more diffi- cult then must it be for him to enchain their attention during the few minutes he had to stay. But he supposed he must say a word or two on the political situation. During the greater part of last year, in fact almost the whole of the year, he had sat as their representative,and there was very little to show for it, and if he had been in receipt of a salary there would be very little to show for the money. What was there to show ? As far as he could make out, it amounted to this, they had sat the whole of last year,with the exception of about six weeks , for the one purpose of picking a quarrel with the House 'of Lords, and the secret process was with the object of catching votes. The next general election wouldecer- tainly not take place until the last possible moment, as far as the Government was concerned. At the present time the House of Commons were endeavouring to force a quarrel upon minor subjects. The two questions upon which the two houses were likely to fall out at the pre- -sent time, were tl-le Parish Council Bill, and the Em- ployers' Liability Bill. Be had received a petition, which he had been asked to present, signed by 1100 workmen, in favour of being able to contract out of the Employers' Liability Bill. It remained to be seen what course would be taken by the Lords in this particular bill. John Burns, and other labour leaders had told them that the workingmen were not in favour of contracting out, but he (Mr. Legh) was in favour of liberty of action. It would only be logical and fair, if the House of Lords stuck to the clause, and allowed men to contract out of the bill, if they so desired. (Hear, hear.) Supposing the two houses did come into conflict, he was of opinion that the House of Lords would be backed up by the country, as one man. It would take a good deal to rouse the country against the House of Lords, and although it was not representative, it at the present moment pos- sessed the confidence 01 the country more than it had done in the previous portion of its existence. England was with them in the rejection of the Home Rule BIN and the great majority of the country would always be in favour of the Lei ds. He would like to know whe was the better for the present Government, or who had obtained any benefit from it ? The only credit they could claim was their intervention in the coal strike, a step which should have been taken earlier. The Concili- ation Board might be a success, but it was just as well not to anticipate too much from boards of that charac- ter, they inuit not be too sanguine as to the result. It gave him great pleasure to be there, as it always did. That club had always been looked upon as the strong- hold of the party, and it was to them to whom they looked for assistance when the struggles took place, and they did not look in vain. (Appla.use.) Mr. Legh then retired, and the concert was proceeded with, ari excellent programme of glees, songs, and reci- tations being given by Messrs. George Wright, Jamee Nichols, C. H. Los, W Beatty, W. Mawdsley, G. Bailey, W.Stitton and T. Bowes. Mr.E. Leyland accompanied at the piano. On tie proposition of Mr. Borron, a vote of thanks to Mr. Legli, seconded by Mr. S;one was enthusiasticallY accorded, and a similar compliment was paid to the Chairman.

It stated that the sum of £65,000 is still required to deal thoroughly with the distress caused by the failure cf the Balfour companies.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0022.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
,!

===== 0002601_18940203_art0023.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-ryr

' • i 7_jiA

===== 0002601_18940203_art0024.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
DR. TALMAGE'S WARNING,

There are few men in America so well known as Dr. Talmage of the Brooklyn Tabernacle. He weekly ad- dresses, through the Press, 30,000,000 people, who are impressed by what he gays, because it is a result of con- tinuous observation and deep study clothed in rhetorical eloquence. Ix speaking of the evils of over-work he says : " Oh, what an altar ! What a sacrifice of body, mind, and soul ! The physical health of a great multitude is flung on this sacrificial altar. They cannot sleep, and they 'make that an excuse for using chloral, morphine, Szc." Is there not some safe means by which we can make life easier? It would be a peculiar coincidence if there was no worthy remedy for this particular waste of Vitality. It has been conclusively proven that" Warner's Safe One is the remedy" par excellence." It is a valuable tonic, a nerve-food to the over-taxed and weakened serves giving them new life and vigour and sustaining this invigoration by purifying and enriching the blood sad regulating its circulation. Mrs. Lizzie Jackson, bertingelon House, New College, Eastbourne, writes : "For fully two months I was kept awake nightly with severe pains in my back, betweea aid under the right Shoulder, oftentimes so severe that I was obliged to get up and pace the floor. Other times the pain was inten- sified by the slightest movement. Doctors, their Medicines and various liniments. I tried, failed to re- lieve me, and I was purguaded to try Warner's Safe Cure. After taking three bottles lam thankful to say, I have lost these dreadftd pains and am able to sleep Wit at night, for which I am most grateful."

===== 0002601_18940203_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
"CAPITAL" CHAT.

Mr. Wilson returns to the charge against the Bank of England and its directors with such in- creased positiveness and, indeed, directness of accusation in this month's "Investors' Review," that it is difficult to see how the challenge he vir- tttally throws down to put his allegations to the test Can be ignored.

It is clear that the last word has not yet been Said in the controversy that has recently been Waged between Messrs. Burns and Ilyndman. An *tort will be made—and it is possible that it may succeed—to induce Mr. Burns to visit Burnley in *pposition to Mr. Llyndman's candidature. It may be that Mr. Burns will have enough to engage his at- tention without undertaking much a duty, but there la little doubt that if it comes to a square fight the member will prove more than equal to the occasion.

In view af the statements that have been made in many quarters of late respecting the date of the sMt dissolution of Parliament, it may be worth notiug that within the last few days the Liberal Candidates for metropolitan constituencies have been advised to be prepared for a general election taking place at an early period of next year. There Is the best reason to believe that this warning has 'hem given on information supplied from tie Liberal headquarters.

Instructions have, I hear, been given to Lord 'Groaner, to intimate to the Khedive that we will have no more of his offensive show of anti-British feeling. We have had five of these exhibitions,and are satisfied that there is something beside boyish petulance behind. Lord Cromer is to tell Abbas rasha that the next time we have to complainof his conduct deposition will assuredly follow. Lord Reeebery's directions on that poie are very precise, sad admit of only one reading.

Lord. Rosebery is net well. He has been over- working himself, and at present he is suffering from neuralgic or rheumatic pains; and I believe the death of Sir Gerald Portal, whom he highly es- teemed, has greatly shocked the Foreign Minister. Indeed, business at the Foreign Office has latterly been quite ovei powering, and the situation created lu Egypt by the young Khedive's idiotic remarks is uot calculated to lessen Lord Rosebery's difficulties.

I hear on excellent authority that the Admiralty have now almost completed the necessary arrange- ments for the adoption of an eight hours day in all department. under their control. It is fully expected that an announcement to this effect will be made in the Queen's Speech at the commence- bent of the session, and there is even a possibility that the reform will be extended so as to include all Government employees. On the whole it looks as. if the Government were determined to make *eat session a memorattle one from the Labour point of view.

Few men have shown such genuine sympathy with the cause of Labour or advocated its claims more eloquently, than the brilliant Churchman Whom Mr. Gladstone has just made Dean of Ely. Re was the friend of the workers in every town and district in which his lot was cast, and his dedica- tion of his volume of sermons and essays, "Village to "The farm labourers of England, in aincere sympathy with their struggles towards Citizenship through self-reliance and association," sufficiently bespeaks the earnestness of his prin- ciples. The Church of England would not be un- popular if many of its ministers were like Dean WOW!.

The few Parliamenta-ians at present in town are taughingat:the declaration of policy made the other way by Mr. John Redmond. It cannot be forgotten That during the whole of the later period of last session, when the Government required every vote that they could command, Mr. Redmond and his friends preferred Dublin to Westminster, and it is, 1;2 say the least of it, sntnewhat presumptuous for gentleman to dictate to the Government not 4°llllY the form of their legislative programme, but mite date when they must appeal to the country. It WOUld seem as if Mr. Redmond's chief function now- "als is to find readable "copy" for the Tory news- Papers, Wh It other purpose such absurd threats Call serve it is difficult to understand.

Those cos.lowners and wise political economists "sit at home at ease," and expatiate on the w4ekedness of the miners who decline to work for ittrvation pay, should study the simple return re- -12%11'ring to the fatalities in the mines of the United J°4l:llgdom, just issued. During 1893 one thousand fitty-six lives were sacrificed in the mines of ;Ile United Kingdom,being forty more than in 1892, idtill°llgh a very large proportion of the men were for four months last year. This is a record 'rule"' should make the enemies of the miners' claims pause. The men who delve in the depths 4/1 the earth claim only a living wage as the reward ef " .4eath nstantly exposing theniselves to the risk of Tw,

.'enty-two peers voted against "contracting 14t" the House of Lords on Monday evening. Some -.44Y Wben the history of this period is being written, tiell will turn with no little curiosity to the list of 1 e Lords who were wise enough to speak and vote Nitinst the doom of their order. They were : .141°Arade Spencer, Ripon, Chesterfield, Strafford, Oxen- Cage, Hampden, Aberdare, Camoys, Acton, Haw- ir, Riunaird, Drumlanrig, Monkswell, Play- h,Ribbesdale, Reay,Saye and Sele,Vernon, tw—enng,Carrington, an_fi Sandhurst. They were only -dred :Uwe in all, the majority numbered one hun- Deere-4 twenty.tive. And it included two Liberal Ll3rd Farrer and Lord Stanmore. The tr. u's lads tnotne Paper an—i""Y News" reproduces from a Spanish eresting account of the visit paid by referredstate tto San Sebastian. The Premier is the commencement as "the great tat smao at n, the illustrious and venerable Gladstone." • er (3e cian:, he is styled "the eminent English patri- e "patrician" was clad in "a dark- Cloth jacket with blue squares of wool olat run aing through the stuff. He had over all a great ot bluish cloth, and wore a soft black hat, a White silk necktie, woollen gloves on his bands, Land on his right arm a travelling cloak." Mr. riatitatead, who accompanied the party, is des- ‘mbed as "a man of colossal stature and majestic 4eportment, with an immense white beard and bril- liant black eyes." Later on, I find a graphic and Illittute description of .11r. Gladstone's personal !IPpearance. The Sehastians '..vidently do not ob- lect to "the New Journalism."

V. D. Wilhelm, of 'tenni), e leader of the pioneer Party who are about to attempt the foundation of a i Communistic colony n the region ot Mount Kenia, ?seat Africa, has arrived in London. His visit will be a very short i one, as he s leaving almost directly to return to Vienna. One of his objects in coining .t.° 'England is to seek the assistance, or at any rate rme.support of the British Foreign Office, for the Proiect, especially with a view of facilitating the ~,Vagement of porters. at Zsnzibar. I understand, wrwever, that Lord Rosebery, while sympathising end wishing all prosperity to the party,. has not seen his way to 'giving it the aid of his official Countenance., nor has Dr. Wilhelm reoeived very li„Xueb encouragetnent from the British East Africa rlgrapany. Dr. Wilheim and his party of about twenty men, seven of whom are of British nationa- ‘l, loi tY, leave for their new home in about three weeks :Lyme. They will ta 'with them large supplies cf tilde goeds, atm will explore die Kenia district to

choose the actual sites for the settlements and generally to report on the country for the informa- tion of the larger party that is expected to settle in the new colony.

This is an age of big things. We are worshippers of hugeness. An exhibition is not deemed a com- plete success if it is not bigger than all other pre- vious exhibitions. Sir Edward Watkin would deem his work in North London utterly valueless if it were not bigger than the structure given to Paris by the not too honest Mons. Eiffel. In a brief time some enterprising Yankee will undoubtedly build a tower in which Sir Edward's monstrous building could be comfprtably housed. Away in San Fran- cisco they are preparing the biggest statute on re- cord as an attraction for their forthcoming show. The Liberator swindle was the biggest of its class in the annals of finance. And the next war will be by far the biggest in the history of the% wqrld. Our generation is bent on rivalling the races who built the walls of Babylon and the great walls of China, and bequeathed us the Colossus of Rhodes.

Mr. Bainbridge, comptroller aid private secre- tary to the Duke of Edinburgh, arrived at Clarence House on Wednesday from Coburg, where he left everybody in a state of rapid preparation for the marriage of Princess Victoria Melita to the Grand Duke of Hesse. The Princess is radiantly in love with her future husband, and there courtship is, for fervour, very likely that of Prince Henry of Battenberg and Princess Beatrice, who were a most loving couple. The wedding is to take place in the third week in April if this date suits the Queen. All our Royal Family are to be present. The brides- maids will be the same as at the wedding of her sister, Princess Marie of Roumania. Everything for the wedding is to be got at Coburg, but large orders are to be executed in England. There is a statement that the nuptial knot is to be tied at Darmstadt, where the bride will in future reside.

The union between co-operation and trade union- ism which Mr. Tom Mann and others are anxious to bring about is coming into visible shape upon the feminine side. The various branches of the Women's Guild of Co-operation are taking up the question seriously, and are studying the problem of female unionism in connection with the trades of their respective districts. The Battersea Guild is said to have succeeded in improving the conditions of the work and wages for the girls in a local fac- tory, and is now engaged in helping the workers in another factory who have been out oa strike. In Bristol a similar policy has been followed. The Guild, it must be remembered, is recruited from among the wives and daughters of tne co-operators, and thus represents one of the steadiest and most self-respecting sections of the working classes. It is a good sign that they have taken to studyipg social problems outside the circle ,of the co-opera- tive store.

The Society for the Propagation of he Gospel has receiv3d a most important letter from the Bishop of Mashonaland touching his relations with Loben- gula. The Bishop speaks in high terms of the Matabele King, who "has been most considerate in not allowing houses belonging to missionaries or traders to be touched, or any European who stayed in his country while the fighting was going on to be injured." The Bishop volunteered to go and see the King and try and arrange something that might bring peace to the people; but his offer was not encouraged, as it was thought he might be killed by the warriors round the King. The Bishop, how- ever, took a different view, although he adds in his letter the insignificant remark that he did not know that if he went he would be of any value to the Company," for I could only recommend Lobengula to accept terms that I consider as advantageous to him as to them." In regard to the responsibility for the war, the Bishop distinctly asserts that no letter written or speech made urging on a war with the Matabele has ever had any sympathy whatever from him. He hoped to the very last that war would be avoided. He repudiates, too, with some warmth any share in the sentiment that "the sword is a necessary factor in the Christianising of those sav- age nations," or that" the only road for the preach- ing of Christianity is cleared by destroying their power. . . . The more rapid reception' be adds "of Christianity may be the outcome of the war, but rapid reception is not always most solid. I can only trust that God will in His good providence overrate for good all that may be wrong."

===== 0002601_18940203_art0027.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18940203_art0028.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
k

===== 0002601_18940203_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
LECTURE ON BEETHOVEN.

On Monday evening a lecture on Beethoven was given in the Wesleyan Schoolroom, by the Rev. Geo. Ingram, 8.A., of Southport. The lecture was one of a course of lectures which are being arranged by the Yeung People's Society of Christian Endeavour. There was a good attendance, and the chair was occu- pied by the Rev. J. Kirtlan. The meeting was opened by a hymn sung to the tune "Fulda," composed by Beethoven, after which the Chairman briefly introduced the Lecturer. The Lecturer said that some seventy or eighty years ago, one of the greatest of German poets said that the French had gained the empire of the land, the English that of the water, and the Germans that of the air. This was certainly true in the resins of music, as they were the confessed masters of minstrelsy. He was going to tell them that night of one of the greatest of German musicians. Beethoven was horn on Dec. 17, 1770, in the town of Bonn, on the Rhine. His father was intemperate and cruel, but his mother was gentle and tender, and won the lifelong respect of her son. When but a child, he was kept at the piano, morning, noon, and night, until it became an instrument of tor- ture, and he was sometimes brought out of bed at night to give enjoyment to some of the roystering friends of his father. But it was to this early practice that he owed his facility of execution in future years, and it inured him to toil. At the age of eleven years he could find his way through the fugues of John Sabastian Bach. He had already written a sonata. He became assistant court organist at twelve years of age, and soon after- wards was enabled to go to Vienna to pursue his studies under Hayden, and here he met Mozart,who told some of his friends to take notice,of that youth, for he would be heard of again. Beethoven was an early riser, summer and winter, and was never tired of outdoor walks along the streams of the country. The lesson of his life was tireless activity. In the realm of music he was almost the same as Shakespeare in the realm of poetry. In both there was the flexibility of expression, and the same fecundity of thought. He composed chiefly for instru- mental music. The Lecturer next went on to examine various pieces of Beethoven's,and afterwards defended him from the charge of being misanthropic. His loss of hearing was a great affliction ; but some of his greatest pieces were written while he was totally deaf. He died on March 26, It27,from an illness contracted owing to a long journey in the cold to look after his scrapeerace nephew. Although neglected at the time of his death, there were thousands of people present at his funeral to pay tribute to one of the greatest musicians of his time. —During the course of the lecture Miss Snelson, Conser- vatoire of Music, Sondershausen, Germany, gave illus- trations from Beethoven's works in an excellent manner. The following were the selections :—Waltz, "Le esir ; scherzo and trio,from sonata in A b mAjor ; waltz. The Drum " ; march from " Fidelie." At the close of the evening a hearty vote of thanks was passed to the Lec- turer and Miss Snelson for their services.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
SANKEY SCHOOL BOARD.

The monthly meeting of the Sankey School Board was held on Tuesday afternoon in the Boardroom, the chair being taken by Major Ridgway. The other members present were the Rev. E. S. Jackssn, Messrs. W. P. Skelton (vice-chairman), Joseph Wright, Henry Bate; George Clarke (schoolmaster), and Samuel Sutton (clerk).—The Clerk reported that there was a balance in the hands of the Treasurer amounting to £222 10s. 9d. After certain accounts had been paid, however, there would only be a balance in hand of £7o.—The Clerk said the next business before the Board was the consideration of the coal tenders. He had sent to six different people, but had only received three replies, namely, from Messrs. Evans and Co., Limited, W. W. Westwell and Co,, and Halton and Co. The contract was for twelve months.—After some con- sideration it was decided, on the motion of Mr. Skelton, to r" '.lt the tender of Messrs. Flalton and Co., the con- tra,„ nowever, to terminate on June 30th.—A letter was read from Miss Emily Jordan, assistant schoolmistress, asking for an increase of salary. Miss Jordan, who has been in office since June, 1892, receives £4O a year.—lt was decided, after some discussion, to adjourn the con- sideration of the matter to the next meeting.—The Clerk laid his cash book for the year before the Board, and stated that the expenditure was Ens 12s. 9d. and the receipts £562 2s. 10d, The bookhad been audited, found correct, and signed by the auditor.—Mr. Clarke pre- seated the following monthly report: January 13th, number on books 291, Present 2.50, average 224.1, money received. 1.55. 6d.: January 28h, 292. 273, 254.1. 154. 4d. :January 27th, 310, 296, 264 5, 144. 4d.; total money received £2 Ss. 2d. He had entered 33 children since the school re-opened on January Bth, the majority of whom were new to the neighbourhood.—This was all the business of public interest before the Board.

floral Laundresses say Critchley's " STABOR Gtoe. It uttequkilled for imparting a beatttifnl finish to starched lluen. &G., either cold or bolting water starch. Mr.—, Corn- wall. tutys t—" My wife will not finish our linen without your "Starch Gloss.'" From Mrs. —, Bradford 1— "Dear sit . lam pleased to inform von that I have tried many se-callPd Starch Glares and Pollit.hes, but end none equal t.o yours." It should he used in every house. Sold at ld., 3d.. anti fitl.„by most starch seltets. If not in stook will procure il. Cu 'MILLET. Ittsekbasre. P.Vprittin.—Ativt.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
TB E EXAMINER, SATURDAY. FEBRUARY 3. 1894.

"LUCKY EARLESTEAWN I"

Lucky Earlesteawn! Land o' Goshen ! Home o' mony a good owd chum ! • r 4 Paradise o' Love an' Lotion, 4 r Aw weel under one big thumb ! Theau's no need fer thowt fer th' morrow, Theau'rt a thrivin', healthy plant— Nice, snug, Railway Pocket Borough, Wot the dule moor du: ta want? Yo're too weel off, fer that matter, Yo ne'er buy a pig i'th poke; Arn't yo getten' lots o' wetter— Takkin' it fro other folk ? Look at yon new, splendid buildin', Oae oth' teawaship's grandest boons; An' heaw nicely its bin filled in, Fit fer servants' pantaloons ! Happy Earlesteawn, wi' this treasure Built ith' best three-corneit style, Isn't it a heaven-sent pleasure, Gawpin' on that noble pile? True, its welly dubble't th' taxes, Which we didn't know at fost ; But he's only a foo ez axes Owt abeawt this triflia' cost! Theer yo hey' a hondsome present, If it is, Owd Nyowton's loss; But they'll pay up, an' look pleasant, Thankin' God that its no w&ss ! They'll be gradely fain yo'n left um, Glad y'n fotch'd your rubbish eawt ; And they'll ne'er see yo'n bereft urn Of aw'tte talent, beaut a deaubt, Talent that's so independent, That it just duz what its tow'd ; Followin' its soop'rintendent, Like a lot o' sheep to th' fowd ! Lucky Earlesteawn ! Land o' Goshen! Home o' mony a good owd chum! Paradise o' Love an Lotion Aw weel under one big thumb! TUM 0' PEGS!

Rose Bonk, 2,2, 94.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES LIBRARY COMMITTEE. -- DEFEAT OF PROPOSAL FOR SUNDAY OPENING.

On Wednesday afternoon the monthly meeting of the Widnes Library Committee was held at the Town Hall, Mr. H. Wade Deacon, C.C., presiding. At the conclusion of the ordinary business, Council- lor O'Donnell, in accordance with a previous notice of motion, moved that the Central Reading-room be opened on Sundays, but said the hours would be entirely in the hands of the Committee. He thought the opening of the library on a Sunday would be a boon not only to the working population of the town, but to others. If he had his own way be would have the library open from noon each Sunday as a sort of counter-attraction to the public-house. He had taken the trouble to com- municate with several libraries, and he found that at St. Helens, Newcastle, Battersea, Clapham and Leamington Sunday opening had been a success but at Birkenhead it had failed. In Widnes they had 30,000 inhabitants,and he believed that if they opened the library on Sundays it would prove a success. With regard to the cost which opening on Sundays would entail, it would be very small, as Miss Proctor, the librarian, had promised to give her services free, and the library staff were, he believed, also willing. Councillor O'Donnell then moved i that the reading room be opened from six to ten on Sunday evenings. Mr. J. H. Lee seconded the motion. On the question of the Sabbath, he held himself as strongly puritanical as any member of the committee, and tie was himself at one time as much opposed to Sunday opening as any of them. But after thoughtfully weighing the question up he had come to the conclusion that by opening the lib- rary on Sundays they would be conferring a boon upon the working-class population. If the library was needed on week days it was doubly needed on Sundays.—Dr. O'Keeffe supported the motion.—Mr. S. Robinson op- posed the motion, and said public-houses being open was not an argument in favour of the Library being opened on Sundays. The public-houses should be closed, and he saw no reason whatever for creating a second divergence from church going and chapel going, and the worship of God on a Sunday. They had already Sab- bath desecration enough.—Mr.D.J. Brookes also opposed the motion.—Councillor Shores moved, as an amend- ment, "That Sunday opening be given a trial for two months." They would then, he said, be able to tell whether it was appreciate(' by the people.—Mr. a. K. Muspratt seconded.—Councillor Owens said he strongly opposed Sunday opening. He was a Sabbatarian, and if the motion was carried at that committee he would divide the Council op the question. After further discussion, Councillor Shores altered his amendment to three months,and then Councillor O'Don- nell embodied it in his motion. A vote was taken, and the motion was lost by 6 votes to 5. Councillors O'Donnell and Shores, Dr. O'Keefe, and Messrs. S.K. Muspratt and J. H.Lee voted for ; and Councillors Owen and Wright, and Messrs. S. Robinson, D. J. Brookes, F. Neil, ,and W. Sadler against. The Chairman did net vote.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
IM.PERIAL fARLIAMENT.

MONDAY. Ihe House of Lords took into sonsideratioß in Mon- y evening the reasons of the House of Commons for disagreeing with the Lords' amendments to the Em- ployers' Liability Bill. The Marquis of RIPON moved that the Nouse should not insist on the contracting-out amendment of the Earl of Dudley. The Marquis of Salisbury said tho Opposition objected to the Govern- ment proposal as advocates of the freedom of the in- dividual and of the freedom of contract. Lord Forrer said the result of prohibiting contracting out would be to drive every employer into insurance with outside insur- an -e companies. The Marquis of Ripon said that in the opinion of the Government the existing insurance funds would in the main continue after the bill was passed. On a division Lord Ripon's motion was defeated by 125 to 22. Some minor amendments having been agreed to, the Earl of Dudley moved that the House should insist upon its original amenument as amended. The Marquis of Ripon observed that he should be deceiving the House if he were to say that in his judgment the amendments which had been made would afford any satisfactory solu- tion of the matter. Lord Dudley's motion was carried with-lut a division. The Marquis of Ripon moved that the House should not insist upon the amendment relat- ing to seamen, and, Lord Cross not insisting on this amendment, the noble Marquis's motion was agreed to. The Duke of Devonshire having during the discussion of one of the amendments reproached the Government with not having endeavoured to suggest improvements whi-h would have rendered such amendments unneces- sary, the Marquis of Ripon said the principle of the Government's oppositict to the contrasting,eut amend- ment remained entirely unchanged.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
THURSDAY.

The House of Lords reassembled on Thursday even- ing and went into Committee OR the Local Government (Parish Councils) Bill. On clause 1 an amendment moved by the Earl of Winchilsea and Nottingham, pro- viding that there should be a parish council in every parish with a population of 500 (instead of 200), was carried by 137 to 80. Lord BALFOUR of Burleigh moved on clause 2 an amendment that the parish meeting should consist only of such persons as were on the local government register. The EARL ef KIMBERLEY and the DuKg of DEVONSHIRE opposed the amendment.which was supported by the MARQUIS Of SALISBURY. A division— taken on a technical question—gave the Opposition 112 votes and the Government 89, and after the EARL of SELBORNE had remarked that the question could be con- sidered hereafter the actual amendment was by consent withdrawn. A new sub-section to clause 3, providing that the district councillors should be ex-dicio members of the parish council, was carried by 60 to 55. An amendment by the EARL of SELBORNE, directed against the use of schoolrooms for meetings to discuss questions relating to allotments and candidatures, was carried by 148 to 28. The House sat till midnight, and got through eight clauses of the bill.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
SCOTCH MINERS' WAGES.

The Scotch miners at a conference in Glasgow on Thursday decided to apply for an advance of sixpence per daytin wages.

OUR Hutimi xx Wwriat. Dr. Andrew Wilson, writing in " Lloyd's Newspaper" on dirt, says: "The teaching of nature should never be neglected, and in the matter of win- ter food let us see we are not wrong, and take slain, ient fat. for the changes that result in the welt' and tear of our bodies are lessened in intensity by the fat of food, and the need for flesh is always less when fat forms a due proportion of our diet." The Doctor proceeds to enumerate natural products that are admirable, among them" Cocoa" with its contained Cocoa Butter. Relatively to this it may be said that XPPS'S PREPARED COCOA retains all the constituents of the natural Cocoa, including the oil or butter, intact.

Lady Bective has conveyed to the district superinten- dent, at Lancaster, if the London and North-Western Railway, her intention to present flower seeds to the station masters of that division of the line, in the hope that the roadside stopping places may be made bowers of bIOSSOKIS. THROAT IRRITATION AND COUGH.—Sorene&S and dryness. tickling and irritation,indueing cough and affecting the voice For these symptoms use lipps's Glycerine Jujubes. In con- tact with the glands at the moment they are excited by the act of sucking, the Glycerine in these agreeable confe,ctions becomes actively healing. Sold only in bexe,, 70., tins Is. lid., labelled " JAMES EPPA & Co., Ltd., Homceopathio Chemists, Loudon," Dr. Moore, in his work on" Nose and Tbroat Diseases," says: "Tie Glycerine Jnjubes prepared by James Epps and Co., are of undoubted service as a curs- ' rive or palliative agent," wl lie Dr. Gordon Holmes, Senior Physician to the Municipal Throat and Ear Infirma,y,writest "After an extended trial. I have found your Glycerine Juiubea of .consideiable benefit in almost all forum of throat dthease."Aelvt.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
A BRADFORD MIRACLE.

A REMARKABLE RECOVERY.

From the " Bradford Daily Argus."

A representative of the "Bradford Daily Argus "has been led to inquire into the remarkable reports which have been a topic of conversation in Bradford lately, respecting the miraculous cures said to have been effected there,in cases regarded as hopeless,hy a remedy called Dr. Williams' Pink rills. It was pointed out to him that ouch a case existed in the person of Mr. Robert Fitzsimmons, of 33 Nazely-st., Sisterhills, Brad- ford, (Yorks), and he accordingly paid a visit to that address. Mr. Fitzsimmons is a joiner by trade, a mem- ber of the Amalgamated Society of Joiners, fifty years of age, and was born in Beckett-st.. Leeds. The first question the reporter put to Mr. Fitzsimmons (and here it may be added his wife was present at the interview, and fully endorsed his statement) was, " I understand you have been taking Dr. Williams' Pink Pills ?" - *. Yes, I have, lam thankful to say, and perhaps I had better tell you my own story," he went on. " I was working in Lancashire in 1886, and for a long time had to give up my work because of my rheumatic pain. I applied several remedies, but all to no purpose. When I came to Bradford I was again very ill, and I went into the Bradford Infirmary." "What were you suffering from then ?" queried the reporter. "Rheumatism ; that is what the doctors told me. I suffered very great pain, and then they got ma a recom- mend for Rawdon Convalescent Home (founded by the late Sir H. W. Ripley). I stayed there a few weeks, and then I came home again. We were living at Lidget Green then, and to. tell you the candid truth, sir, I suffered such great agony and pain that I could not bear the clothes on my body, and I have get up at four o'clock in the morning, and have crawled and walked about the garden to ease my mind from the pain. I could not, however, walk two yards, owing to the pain and weakness of my body. One day when I was in great agony I said to my missis, Shall we try Dr. Williams' Pink Pills ? ' She agreed with me that there could be no harm, and so I went to Taylor's Drug Stores and bought a box. After taking a few more boxes, I began to find speedy relief, and in a few weeks I was well. In fact, las as well now as ever I was, and can tramp about as much as ever I did. I have walked full Y ten or eleven miles to-day," and the route he named fully convinced the reporter that he had done so.

"I want to know what your honest opinion is—do you honestly think Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have done you good and restored your health " I do, sir, most truthfully. Since I took them in Ju'y, I feel a different man altogether. If you believe me, four months ago, I could not walk from that corner to this fireplace (an ordinary kitchen distance). I began to take Dr. Williams, Pink Pills last July, and after about six boxes I began to feel the real effects. I was taking them when the sew - lug machine man recommended me the citrate of iron and the quinine. I took it, but I thought it would kill me ; and I took Dr. Williams' Pink Pills,and all I can say is, the Pills restored me to the position you see me in now—and nothing else. I have taken nothing else, and have no doctor. In July last I was in such a languid state that I could scarcely walk or work, to tell you the can did truth, although I made many an attempt to• When I got at seven o'clock in the morning to the job in Horton-road, I was completely wearied and tired out, and had no energy to do one thing or the other. Of course,as I belong to the Amalgamated Society of Joiners and Carpenters, I got sick pay ; but a fellow does not want to throw himself on the Society for 12s. a week when he can earn, well, 323. a week when there is any work to be got. My rheumatism:is gone, and every way I feel better since I took the Pills.

An exchange of a few courtesies, and the interview terminated. The manifest improvement in Mr. Fitz- simmons' bodily strength, and his vastly improved ap- pearance since he began to take Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, is confirmed by his friends, Fend by the manager of Tay- lor's Drug Stores, who says that the numerous cases in Bradford where Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have effected a cure where no other medicine would do so, as well as their usefulness as a general tonic, have created an un- precedented demand for this remedy. This is convincing proof that Dr. Williams' Pink Pill for Pale People should be recognised as one of the greatest modern medicines, and a perfect blood builder and nerve restorer, curing such diseases as rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia, partial piralysis, locomotor, ataxy, St. Vitus' dance, nervous headache, nervous prostration, and the tired feeling resulting therefrom, diseases de- pending upon humours in the blood, such as scrofula, chronic erysipelas, &c. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills restore pale and sallow complexions to the glow of health, and are a specific for all the troubles peculiar to the female sex, while in the ease of men they effAct a radical cure in all cases arising from mental worry, overwork, or ex- cesses of whatever nature.

These Pills are manufactored by Dr. Williams Medicine Company,of 46, Holborn Viieluct, London, England (and of Brockville, Canada), and are sold by chemists every_ where (but only in boxes with pink wrapper bearing the full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People), at 2s. 9d. a box, or six boxes for 135. 91., or they may be had direct by post from the Company at the same price. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People are never sold in bulk, or by the dozen cr hundred,4, and any dealer who offers substitutes in this form is trying to defraud you, and should be avoided.

The Medical Annuaracivlses Practitioners to remember that when recommending Cocoas as food and beverage for Invalids, the name CADBURY on any; packet of Cocoa is a guarantee of purity.—Advt. The annual report of Me‘'srs. Andrew Knowles an d Sons, Limited, colliery proprietors, shows that th e profit on the year's working was £24,974, and recom- mends a dividend for tie year at the rat • of 2 per cant. The coal strike, it is stat-d, considerably lessened the output from the collieries. ani the large out'av neces- sary to keep the workings in order greatly reduced the balance of profit.

I IRELAND.

2 SCOTLAND.

3 MIDDLESEX, KENT, and SURREY.

7 MOTT 'NOM AMSHIRE, DERBYSHIRE, LI N - COLNSH IRE, LEICES- T E RSH IR E. WAR- WICKSHIRE. RUT- LANDSHIRE, NOR- FOLK, SUFFOLK, CAMBRIDGESHIRE, H UNTINGDONSHIRE, NO RT HAMPTON- SHIRE. BEDFORD- SHIRE. and OXFORD- SHIRE.

II ESSEX, HERTFORD- SHIRE, BUCKING- HAMSHIRE, BERK- SHIRE, SUSSEX, HAMPSHIRE, WILT- SEIRE , GLOUCES- TERSHIRE, SOMER- -SETSHIRE, DORSET. SHIRE DEVONSHIRE, CORNWALL, ISLE OF WIGHT. and CHANNEL ISLANDS.

BANK QUAY SOAP WORKS SOCIAL

EVENING.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
SPEECH BY MR. JOHN CROSFIELD, .J.P.

An excellent programme was arranged by the committee of the Bank Quay Soap Works Social evenings committee for Saturday nights at the Bank Quay Mission Schoolroom. There was a very large audience, and the chair was occupied by Mr. John Crosfiehl, J.P. The CHAIRMAN in opening the proceedings, said that be was very much pleased to take the chair that even- ing, as it was the first time he had had the opportunity of being present at one of those evenings of healthy re- creation, as he might call them. He thought those even- ings were calculated to de a great deal of good to work- ing-men and their wives and children. He took it that every one present was either a workingman or a work- ingman's wife, it child. He believed that the object his son and Mr. Willett had in view was to give healthy and pleasing recreation to the workingmen. He thought that everything of that sort which produced good feel- ing and harmony between masters and men was very good,because they had all to remember that labour with- out capital was no good, and capital without labour was useless—(hear, hear)—and, therefore, it was always de- sirable that labour and capital should work together in harmony. (Hear, hear.) They had seem during the last year, unfortunately, a frightful ocample, of the effect this had produced when labour and capital had been antagonistic. That frightful coal strike, which it was estimated had caused this country a loss of £40,000,000 of money, and besides that loss of money, nobody knew what suffering and misery was caused in many a work- ingman's household. They knew that in Warrington, innocent people, who had nothing to do with the strike, but in consequence of the increased price of coal owing to the strike, were thrown out of employment. The large iion works were closed, and there were thousands of workingmen in Warrington thrown out of work. They had to depend upon the relief committee fir their pint of soup, and their pound of bread, per day. That was a melancholy thing, and he hoped that they might none of them live to see a repetition of such a state of things (Hear, hear). He was going to say that unselfishness was the corner stone of Christianity, and any man or woman who-wished happiness must have some thought of those outside themselves. He thought that credit was due to his son and Mr. Willett for having used their en- deavours to give that recreation to the people who were around them. He would like to give them an illustra- sion of one of the grandest men, and the most unselfish in this generation or in the past. He meant Richard Cobden. (Applause.) He was a man who left a busi- ness which was worth £BOOO a year—left it on purpose that he might abolish the cruel and wicked Corn Laws. At that time, the people were starving for want of bread, while there was corn rotting in the warehouses in Liver- pool. Richard Cobden went to another great man and noble patriot—John Bright. (Applause.) He found him mourning the loss of his wife, and said to him "Come with me, and we will not rest until we have abolished the Corn Laws," and they worked hard for six years, and in the end, they obtained the abolition of the Corn Laws. The consequence had been that ever since then, every man, woman and child in England had had cheap bread, and thus were better off than they were before. (Rear, hear.) That, he the (chairman), called a noble instance of self-sacrifice and unselfishness. He was a very young man at the time. Cobden was reduced to poverty, owing to that work, and a testimonial was got up for him. He thc (chairman) felt such affection and admiration for that man, that he gave half of what he possessed tithe testimonial. (Applause.)Richard Cobden set an example to everyone to do something as far as lay in their power to help those outside themselves,who might not be in the same happy position as themselves. In the beautiful words of Charles Kingsley, he would repeat : "Do noble deeds, not dream them all day long. And so make life, death, and the vast forever, a grand ewe et

song." (Applause.) The chief feature of the programme, of course, were the pianoforte recitals by Mons. Rossetti, who showed his wonderful mastery over the piano, by his recitals of " Tarantelle," " Rhapsodies," (Liszt), and Mendels- sohn's " Wedding March," for the latter of which he was encored. Miss Picton gave two solos, "The children's home," and" The Kerry Dance," for the latter of whieb she was encored, and by special request, she sang " The better land." Mr. Sewell sang the two bass solos, " The Diver," and "Friar of Orders Grey," in good style. Mr. James Hayes sang the comic songs "The Grass Widower," " The future Mrs. Awkins," "The shop walker," and "My old Dutch," each song eliciting an encore. Mr. Greener recited is an excellent manner, "One niche the highest," and "Nocturnal sketch" (Tom Hood), for the latter of which he was encored, and gave the hunting scene in Pickwick. Mr. Wiwerr in moving a vote of thanks to the Chair- man for presiding over the concert, said they were very much indebted to him,also to Mr. Arthur and Mr. John. They were doing all they could to cultivate a good feel- ing between masters and men. Be also proposed a vote of thanks to the ladies and gentlemen who had assisted in the entertainment. He thanked Mr. Crosfield for the remarks about himself, but there was a large committee which did a lot of work for the entertaioment.—The motion was passed unanimously and the meeting closed.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MINING CONCILIATION BOARD.

PREPARING FOR THE FIRST MEETING.

AS. Helens correspondent was on Wednesday in- formed by a prominent member of the Miners' Concili- ation Board, which meets on the 13th inst., that every- thing is now practically settled as between the two sections, except the vital questions of a minimum wage and the price of coal. Lord Skand, the chairman, will, it is expected, ha veto give a casting vote on these issues. On Sunday Mr. Samuel Woods. M.P., will address the members of the Oxford Union on the religious and social aspect .of the late coal lock-out. Mr. Woods has been asked bv the authorities of Mansfield College to give the workman's side of the questiun. A colliery- owner will speak from the master's standpoint.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
THREATENED GREAT RAILWAY sT EKE IN IRELAND.

Tuesday next has been fixed as the date upon which nearly the whole of the Irish Great Northern Railway, employees will go on strike if the directors in the mean- time do not acquionce in their demands. The disaffected railway men include stationmasters, booking clerks, platelayers, signalmen, guards, and porters. They ask for 30 per cent. increase and a reduction of hours. The men have during the past few mouths held a consider- able number of private meetings all over the systena, the organisation being now almost perfect.

ONE MOMENT PLEASE! Sufferers frors Gravel, Lnmbago. Piles, Pains in the Hick, Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaints, Diseases of Kidneys, Bladder, Urinary Organs, Stone, Gleet, Stric ture, Sciatic t, Rheumatism, and Gout, will find a positive cure in Holdroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box, and If not satisfied your money will be returned. Prise is lid. Of all chemists, or post free for 12 stamps from BOLD- RoYeg Medical Hall, Cieckheaton, Yorks. Don't be put Off. If you cs.usot get them write to the Proprietor, and a box will be sent sett post.—Advt.

Value of Prizes - given each month Prize, In each district. istricts d. a. d. 00 o o 9600 o o 84 o o 8064 o 0 so o o 4800 o o 50 10 o 3040 o o so 0 o 4800 o o so • • 4800 o o so o o 4800 o o 41904 o o

, during 1894

tow awe ..',1):111VRAllr.-- mar sae fatk . • 4V '

===== 0002601_18940203_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
The Prises will be awarded every month during 1884, In each of the 8 Districts, as wader

===== 0002601_18940203_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
• The Bicycles are the celebrated Helical (Spiral) Tube " Premier " Cycles (Highest award, World's l'atr, chicago, len, mantditoWed by the " Premier" ompshy, Ltd., ot Coventry and 14 Holborni London, fitted with Dunlop 18% Pne Tyres; Sale. bory's " Inuineible " Lamp ; Lgrop= 405 Saddle; lianisen's Gond: Tool 'hair., Pomp, &c.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
HARVEY'S OYSTER COMPANY, L EMITED.

A STORY OF COMPANY FLOATING.

At the London Bankruptcy Court, on Monday, the public examination of the officials into the formation and working of this Company was held before Mr. Re- gistrar Meller. The company was formed in April,lB93, to acquire two businesses with branches carried on by Mr. Harvey, of Dudley, and Mr. Fearon, of Liverpool, with the various branches at Birmingham,Cheltenham,Derby, Douglas (Isle of M4n), Walsall, Wolverhampton, and Dublin, with oyster beds at Bangor, for which the sum of £lB,OOO was to be paid, £12,000 to Mr. Harvey, and £6,000 to Mr. Fearon. The Company went to allotment upon a subscription of £10,200, of which £lO,OOO was provided by underwriters who afterwards failed to meet their engagements. The first witness was Mr. F. A. Flood, the promoter, who was mainly questioned as to the circumstances under which the underwriting of the shares was obtained. He stated that he was introduced to a Mr. Wilkinson, who he was informed was the managing director of the British Union Association Company, who had floated some 40 companies success- fully. He was Surprised afterwards to see that the European Financial and Investment Corporation's name was introduced in the contracts. It was not until after the company went out to allotment. He had no idea that such an arrangement was entered into, and he had no idea previously that such a company existed. He promised Mr. Long £5OO for his introduction, and Mr. Wilkinson £l5OO, he (Mr. Wilkinson) having stated that he should require £5O each for the signatories to the underwriting contracts. A question was raised as to the right of counsel represent- ing Mr. Wilkinson to cross-examine the witness, when it was arranged that after Mr. Wilkinson was examined, the witness should be re-called, and questioned by Mr. M•Kasker,the learned counsel in question.—Jas. Harvey examined by Mr. Stewart, stated that he arranged to pay Mr. Haywood £3,000 to form his business into a company. This was not carried out, and he afterwards saw Mr. Flood, the previous witness. He was to get £12,000 and Mr. Fearon £6,000. He had made as much as £2,000 a year out of his business, but had never kept any books. He had always made a good living out of it. In 1891 he should think he made £lOO a year clear profit. In 1892 he made no profit at all, owing to the oysters being killed by the frost.—By the Registrar: His profits the last five years hafl been about £2OO a year.—By Mr. Stewart: He gave certain figures to the accountant who prepared the report in the prospectus. —Mr. Stewart: And brought out upon your figures, at a profit of over £2,500, and yet you have just said that you made no profit in 1892-93. How did you arrive at that ?—Well,l considered the profit I should make with the assistance of the extra capital and the wholesale business that was to be done. He had had a correspon- dence with the promoter. Mr. Flood, to the effect that the valuation in the accountant's report was too much: however, the figures were not altered.—Questioned as to the wnolesale business referred to in the prospectus, were those of Mr. Fearon, at New Bright.-n and Warrington, which were to be acquired by the company. Mr. Stewart : And which the company did not acquire ? Because they could not pay for it. Continuing,the wit- ness said that he thought the statement in the prospec- tem as to rapidly increasing business in oysters had reference to the oyster trade generally and not be his own business. (Laughter.) He admitted that he was to be paid practically £ll,OOO for the goodwill of his busires.—Questioned as to the underwriting of the shares, he was positive that he was told that Mr. Wilk- inson was the managing director of the British Union Assurance Company, that was going to underwrite the shares. Mr. Long introduced him to Mr. Wilkinson and borrowed a" quid or two " off him by way of commis- sion for the introduction he supposed. (Laughter). Mr. Wilkinson told him that his company had successfully floated 40 companies, and were very particular as to the statement in the prospectus. He never heard of the European Investment and Financial Company until afterwards, when the underwriting contracts came to be looked into,when it was fsund that there were other names on the contracts. In reply to Mr. Noton,witness stated that all the information given as to the takings at the various branches Was obtained from the manager at each branch.—James Herbert Wilkinson was then called, and stated that he was managing director of the European Investmentand Finance Company and the Bri- tish Union Assurance Corporation. The latter corporation did not finance companies ; the former corporation were agents for the procuration of under writers. He was a subscriber to European, &c., Company, holding one share, he being described as of Norfolk-street, Manches- ter, accountant, his wife described as an artist of South- port, held one share. Mr. Ernest Long, of Birmingham, and Mrs. Long, of Liverpool, held a share each. No calls had been made in that company, no capital having been required. The various gentlemen who signed the underwriting contracts were called, all of them stating that they understood that the contract carried no liabil- ity whatever, and that they received £5O for so signing. Major-General Sir John Campbell, Bart., C. 8., a director, said that he had taken particular care in investigating the statements in the prospectus as far as he could. That there were no books of Harvey's was true, and he did the best he could under the circumstances. He thought it a very good company, but invested no money in it. Mr. W. Pering Paige was another dlrecter, and stated that he had visited the shops at Cheltenham, Bir- mingham, and Dudley. He invested the money in the company, and it was upen his petition that the winding up order was made. J. E. Thompson, another director, thanked God that this was the only company he was a director of. But for believing that the British Union Assurance Company were underwriting the £lO,OOO he should not have consented to go to allotment. The ex- amination was adjourned generally.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
COLLIERY DISPUTES IN SOUTH LANCASHIRE.

THREATENED STOPPAGES.

At several of the South-west Lancashire collieries dis- putes have arisen which threaten to terminate in another struggle between capital and labour. A press representative waited upon Mr.S.Woods, M.P.,president of the Lancashire Miners' Federation, and upon Mr. T. Glover, J.()., agent for St. Helens, on Thursday morn- ing, and was informed that at the Edge Green Colliery of Messrs. Richard Evans end Co. a dispute had arisen. Mr. Woods and a deputation of twelve or fourteen men waited upon Mr. John Robinson, the manager, and stated their objection to lower prices being fixed. A reply was promised, but had not yet been received, and fourteen days notice to stop work, to expire on the 13th inst., had been given. Only a small number of men were affected, but they were resisting a principle which might spread throughout the great coalfield worked by Messrs. Richard Evans and Co. At Eccleston Hall Colliery. St. Helens, the men ' were very dissatisfied with their wages, contending that ' the field prices were fixed too low. Mr. Woods had been in correspondenee with Mr. Walker, the manager for the Worsley Mesnes Colliery Company, and there was a hope that the grievance would be remedied. At the Lea Green Colliery, St. Helens, it had been reported that an attempt had Peen made to interfere with prices' and Mr. Woods had pointed this out to Mr. Campbell the manager, and had stated that it might lead to further tronble4 as the miners would not suffer any tampering with field prices. A reply had been received,and the matter was under inves- tigation. A dispute affecting 201) men had alse arisen at the Park Lane Collieries, near Brynn. The men had had certain prices for four or five years, but a short time since the manager pi oposed a lower rate. They had had 2s. a ton, in- clusive of removing dirt, but the alteration proposed wahp.s. qd. per ton for coal and extra for dirt. The reduction thus proposed would mean 2d. or 3d. per ton, which the men would not accept. A deputation had just waited upon the manager, and it was arranged that Mr. Greene'', one of the federation officials, should go , and measure the thickness of the dirt, and Mr. Woods should check the wages. The dispute involved a serious principle, but he (Mr. Woods) hoped it would be satis- factorily settled. The federation had considered the matter, and had agreed to support the men. Mr. T. Glover, J.P., states that he has been in communica- tion with Messrs. Glover, Urmson and Glover, of the Phcenix Colliery, St. Helens, regarding the ' payment of wages. At present the firm pay on Saturdays, and a request has been made for payment on Fridays. The firm state that Friday is incon- venient for them, but the men insist upon their request being complied with. A serious dispute had arisen at Brynn Hall Colliery, one of the first to resume work at the old rate of wages during the recent strike. He (Mr. Glover) and Mr. Woods had been in communi- cation with the proprietors. It arose on the fixing of field prices in the Arley Mine. About 1,000 employees were affected. The manager had been seen several times, but up to Thursday morning Mr. Glover had not heard of any settlement. The Brynn Hall Collieries were not represeuted by an agent, but the Lancashire and Ches- hire Miners' Foderation had taken up the matter. The matter is not yet settled. ' As regards the rumour that Mr. S. Woods would con- test St. Helens in the Labour interest if his namesake (Mr. W. Woods) declined, Mr. S. Woods says he has no intention of severing his connection with Ince, where the best feeling prevails. MR. PICKARD AND THE CONCILIATION BOARD. At Barnsley,on Thurslay, Mr. Pickard, M. P. President of the Miners' Federation of Great Baitain,alludine to the statement that all the work connected with the Concilia- tion Board was agreed to, with the exception of the minimum wage and the controlling of selling prices said this was news to him. If everything was settled, ;here aas little to do. He hoped such was the case, but information from those who attended the meeting was to the effect that nothing was settled.

Mr. Arnold Morley has accomplished some Weful work in connection with the Post Office S ivings Bank. Dur- ing 1890 no less than 268,000 hours overtime was workal in the office. Now the overtime in the department is practically confined to one month in the year—in other words it has been reduced to inconsiderable limits. The Savings Bank staff twelve months as,o entered an empha- tic and explicit protest against extra duty, and Mr. Morley's poliey has been to satisfy their protest.

ST. HELENS.

SUDDEN DEATH OF A COLLIER.

John Frocisham, a collier,living at Haresfinch Cottages S. Helens. was found by his wife in a dying condition on Wednesday, and before assistance could be rendered, he was dead.

MINING OPE R&TIONS.

The boring operations, which have been commenced on land beloncrinz to Colonel Gamble, C. 8., near the Gerard's Bridge Railway Station, St. Helens, are tempo- rarily suspe•.cled. It is believed that there are several seams of good coal in the neighbourhood, and that they will be touched when operations are resumed.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
THE REPRESENTATION OF ST. HELENS.

At the usual weekly meeting, of the Chemical and Copper Workers' Union. on Sunday, at St. Helens, a re- solutien as passed pleCini! those present to oppose any candidate for Parliamentary honours brought for- ward or recommended by any party or individual whose past record or attitude had been opposed to trade union principles.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
PREFERMENT FOR A CLERGYMAN.

The Rev. Charles Maurice Clarke, senior curare of St. Helens Parish Church, son of tne Rev. Canon Clarke of Christ Church, Southport, has, we understand, been offered tlw twnefice of Christ Church, Preston, a living valued at £375 per afinum. Mr. Clarke is of Trinity Colleze, Cambridge, and took his B.A. in 1888, and M.A. in 1890. He was ordained priest in 1889 by the Bishop of Liverpool.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
ROBBING A M.

Julia Martin and Fa-t-li-e;:irie. Carney, two well known charact-rs, were on Thursday, at St. Helens, charged with stealing two half sovereigns from the person of Thomas Orby. He was met by the women on Wednes- day night, and they asked for a drink. He took them into the Star Hotel, where they saw him handle the half sovereigns and some silver. They afterwards robbed him.—The prisoners were committed for two months with hard labour.

CATHOLIC CHARITY BALL.

At the Town Hall, on Wednesday night, the fifty- seventh annual ball in aid of the Catholic charities was held, and was successful both as regarded attendance and general arrangements. About £BO is annually raised by the event, which this year was under the patronage of the Mayor (Mr. A. Sinclair), the Marquis of Ripon, the Earl of Derby, Viscount Cross, G.C.B.,Lord Arundel' of Wardour, Lord Gerard of Brynn, and many other gentlemen, Lady Gerard was patroness, Messrs. W. H. Chisnall, G. Stringfellow, and A. A. Slater were the M.C.'s, and Mr. E. Clayton's band occupied the or- chestra.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
BREAKING A MIN'S JAW.

On Tuesday, Thos. Mawdslev,a well known character. of 145, Park-road,who did not appear,was charged with assaulting Thomas Connor. The complainant, who ap- peared with his head bandaged,said that on the 6th inst. he was in the Half-mile beerhouse, and Mawdsley asked him to pay for a pint of beer. He refused, and defend- ant struck him several times on the faoe, breaking his jaw. Ho was unable to work, and was attended by a doctor.—Chief Constable Wood said Mawdsley had been convicted many times before. Mawdsley was fined £2 and costs, or a month's imprisonment.

LABOUR INTERESTS.

The newly-formed Independent Labour party for West Sutton, St. Helens, has just adopted the following as the fundamental principles of the branch :—" That the programme of the party be the nationalisation of the land and other instruments of production ; that the party shall devote itself to securing the election of members to all representative bodies for the purpose of realising the programme of the party ; and that all members of this party pledge themselves to abstain from voting for any other candidate for election where an Independent Labour candidate is contesting."

DEATH OF 1141 OLD TRADESMAN. The death took place on Sunday of Mr.e. Mearns, aged sixty-nine years, father of Councillor J. P. Meanas, solicitor, St. Helens. Mr. ?deems was a native of Bel- fast, but came to St. Helens forty years ago. He carried on an extensive business as a provision dealer for many years, but of late had been practically free from trade matters. He was associated with one of the oldest Roman Catholic families in the neighbourhood. Although a sound Glacistonian Liberal, he took no active part in politics, chiefly devoting his time to pedestrian exercise and reading.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
TEE GAMBLE INSTITUTB.

In preparing the amended and practically new plans for the Gamble Institute, St. Helens, the architects. Messrs. Briggs and Wolstenholme, have had a pleasing feature to consider. The donor, Colonel Gamble, has purchased some house property adjoiaing the site, and thus light is secured to the rear ot the building. This has enabled the main building to be reduced one storey, and the filling up of the'spac,e which had been reserved for light. I splendid building of handsome proportions to cost within the £20,000 donation is expected.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0049.txt | included=true | included =====
MEETING OF WATCHIsi&KIIRS AT PRESCOT.

A fairly well attended mseting 4 the Liverpool alxl District Watchmakers' and Jewellers' Association was held in the Town Hall, Prescit, on Monday night. Mr. Thomas H. Chesterton, of St. Helens, presiding, to con- sider the proposal to establish a branch of the above as- sociation at Pre.,cot. Mr. W. A. Newcombe, organising secretary, explained the object of the association, and a resolution in favour of forming a branch of the Liver- pool and District Watchmakers' and Jewellers' Associa- tion was carried, and steps were at once taken to carry out the project.

_ _ Tan TRADE DEPRESSION. The directors of the St. Helens Cafe and Recreation Company, Limited, in their annual report just issued regret that the business of the company duriag the past year has been very injuriously affected by the general depression in trade, and particularly by the disputas in the glass bottle and coal trades. There had been a con- siderable decrease in the buMness done at both of tbe company's cafés. The profit and loss account showed a loss on the year's working of £55 10s. 81, which,after deducting the sum of £5 9s. sd. brought from the pre- vious year, left a net adverse balance of £5O is. 31 The new eeNtral café had not answered the expectations of the directors. The retiring directors this year are Messrs. C. Sharpies, T. Cook, and J. Harrison, all of whom are eligible for re-election.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0050.txt | included=true | included =====
LICENSING APPLICATIONS AT ST. HELENS.

At St. Helens Police Court, on Thursday, Mr. John Seddon, captain of the St. Helens Recs. Football Club, applieri to the magistrates (Aid. J. Harrison and Mr. H. Martin) for a temporary authority to sell at the Hope and Anchor Inn, Windle City, until the next transfer day. Mr. Thomas, for the applicant, stated that Seddon was at present the teliant of the Young Prince beerhouse Westfield-street, but the purchase of the Hope and Anchor at Windle had been effected under the will of the late owner and the tenancy hithertc, now expired. Seddon was anxious to remove therein at orce. and accordingly made the present application. Chief-con- stable Wood said he had no objection, and the magis- trates granted the application. The magistrates also granted a temporary anth.rity to John Hewitt to sell at the Young Prince, Westfield-street, until the next trans- fer day.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0051.txt | included=true | included =====
DROWNING CASE

On Monday afternoon the body of John Cordon, aged 25 years, a boilermaker of Double Locks, Parr, St. Helens, was taken out of the St. Helens and Sankey Canal about 100 yards from his home. Cordon left home in his usual health about six o'clock the previous night to visit some friends. At half-past nine he was with his brother-in-law in the Albion Hotel, and was then quite- sober. He shortly afterwards called at a house inTark- road, some little distance from his home, and was Own noticed to be slightly under the influence of drink. When toe body was taken from the canal by relatives,who had been dragging it, it was found that his watch bad stopped at 9.50, and that was the time he was supposed to have fallen into the water, after leaving Park-road. pile had been teetotal since Christmas, but had broken the pledge on Sunday. He leaves a widow and one child.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
FUNERAL OF THE LATE MR. MACDONALD.

The funeral took place on Sunday, at the Old Windle- shaw Cemetery, St. Helens, of the late Mr. F. M. Mac donald, printer and bookbinder. The remains were enclosed in an oak coffin bearing the inscription, Michael Francis Alacdonald, died January 26, 1894, aged fifty-three years. R.1.P." It was covered with wreaths and floral tributes sent by " his loving widow and children," Dr. Unsworth, Mr. Webster, Mr. and Mrs. M'Hugh (Warrington), Mr. and Mrs. Bellis, Mr. and Mrs. Smith, and others. The chief mourners were , James, Joseph, John, Benedict, and Austin Macdonald, (sons) ; Mr. John Macdonald, and Mr. Joseph Macdon- ald (brothers) ; Mr. Robert Hewitt, Mr. James Oakes, and Mr. Thomas Oakes (brothers-in-law) ; Mr. James Cantrell (nephew) ; Messrs. Smith, P. Graley, M. Kava- nagh, Henry Lowe (late partner), %V. Pimloy and W. Lowe (Warrington). The Rev. Father Gradwell officiated and the Lowe House Catholic school committee,of which Mr. Macdonald was a member, attended the funeral..

===== 0002601_18940203_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
MARE MASONRY.

On Monday the ne;:siriiCce-O-f—Wales Lodge of Mark Masons (No. 466), St. Helens, Province of Lancashire, was consechted by the Right Hon. the Earl of Lathom, R.W., Pros,. Grand Master of Freemasons, in the Masonic buildings, Hall-street. Aster the ceremony, W. Bro. D. M. F. Gaskin, I.P.M. 393, Pro. Grand Treasurer, was installed as W.M.M. The Worshipful Mark Master afterwards appointed and invested the following officers :—Bro. J. L. Wolfenden, S.W. ; Bro. J. J. Tickle, J.W.; Bro. J. S. White, M.O. ; Bro. T. Sherlock, S.O. Bro. F. A. Neill, J.O. ; Bro. J. Turton, treas. ; Bro. .1. W. Boardman, Reg. ; Bro. El. Moxon, Sec.; Bro. J. L. Hodgson, S.D. ; Bro. W. Southern, J D.; Bro. R. E. Brook, D.C. ; Bro. G. Burdekin, jun, I.G. ; Bro. James Beaton, ; Bro. R. Ceop, J.S. ; and Bro. S. Taylor. tyler. A banquet was held at the Fleece Hotel in the evening, when the following to tsti were submitted "The Queen," "HR U. tile Prince of Wales. KG., m,w.G.M." "The Ri2ht Hon. the Earl of Lathom,Prov. GAL, R. W.P.G.M., Col. le Gendre N. eitirkie, Deputy Prov, G.M., and the Prov. G. Officers past and present," " The Worshipful Mister," "The Installing Master," "'rue Officers of the Lodge," nil " The Tyler's ?mist." The Earl of Lathom returned to Lathorn House di- ately alter the ceremony, and did not remain for tile.- bar quet.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0054.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
Nia!fA.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0055.txt | included=true | included =====
tht " Claintner " oerto.

CY LANCASHIRE AND CHESHIRE COUNTY N RWS PAP ERS Comprise THE Tfrarrington and Ifia'-Ckeshire Examiner, pub- lished every :-.;at uniav morning. THE Earleetown and Netetas Examiner, published even/ Friday afr.rnoon. THE St. Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE Boneorn Examiner, published every Saturday morning ; ant THE Widnes Examiner, published every Saturday morning.

PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS. isoming under the following heads are inserted in ALL the above-mentioned Papers for 0178 CHARGE, as per scale given below. BITITATISNS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET, SITUATIONS VACANT, PARTIBERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS WANTED, MONEY WANTED, SPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT,

-- --- _ _ MISCELLANEOUS WANTS, HOUSES AND CYTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. One Three Six Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 ' Os ad ... is id ... 2s Od 27 as 45 54 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT Only. No Adver- tisement inserted on credit under 2i. per insertion.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
3omesfit OtrbantO, r.

GENERAL Servent Wanted, age 20.—Apply Dirs.Citaiu.Es, Breeze Hilt, Bury, Lancashire.

GENERAL SERVANT (good) WANTED; at once.—Apply NAG'S HEAD, Bridge Trafford. Chester.

W AN 11D AT ONCE. Cook General, housemaid kapt.— Mrs. liErrox Ashbrook, Ilkley.

GIRL WANTED. must be active and early risen-15. Worthing-et. Blundellsands, Liverpool.

WANTED, General SERVANT, fond of children.—Apply T. Mum, B ech Grove, Ashton-on-Mersey.

WANTED, re.fpectable GIRL; reference required.—Mrs. BIIIINDR I,D, 75, Wi n wick-road, Warrington.

IATANT ED, a strerw respectable Girl as GENERAL SEE- VANT.—AppIy 26, The Crescent, Salford.

WANTED, SITUATION. as hall boy. age 17; h.lght sft. Ito.—Apply WALTER DALE, Easingwold, Yorks.

WANTED. a Good GENBRAL SERVANT ; 3 in family.— Mrs. WlLLiaxsoN, Whitelands, Baildon, near Brad- ford.

tIENERAL SNRVANT Wanted, for a small family.— Addres* Mrs. COHEN, 121, Stocks-st., Cheetham, Man- chester.

WANTED, respectable Girl as GENERAL SERVANT for family of 3. —BC4TT, 30, Egerton-st., Heaton Park, Manchester

NvANTED, a thorough trustwoi thy,GENERAL SHE 'JAN T —Apply Mrs. DUNCALF, 8, Market-street, Earles- town.

• MIXPERIENCED SERVANT Wanted; good 'wages, good ..12J home ; family of three. Apply 95, New Bank-road. Blackburn.

MI S 11UD>ON requires at once Plain Cooks, 1-14.usemaid Waitresses and Generals. Wages £l2 to £20.-19,Irlam- st., Warringtoi,

WANTED. General SF:I-WANT, trom the country. aged 20 —Apply Mn. BROAD!, 12, Broadway, Trafford- road. Salford

WANTHD. SITUICHON as GROOM or under a coach- man, age 13; well recommended.—Apply VINCENT FUSSY, Preston. Hull.

IVANTED SITUATION an Groom or Groom-Coachman; V V mirried ; age 25 height sft. 9in.—CoecamAN, Worth- ington Lo • ge,

-WANTED, st once, twenty Generals : good situations. Also, Nurses, Cooks, and Housemaids.-38, Nursery- road, ilocklev liirrningham.

FCL SS REGISTRY —l'Vntecl respectable servants, I.' and young girZs. Goi.d homes and wages.—Mrs. BEATTIE, Chapel-street, Preston.

WANTED. experienced Housemaid-Waitress, Cooks, and Generals; good rPferences,-,-Mrs.MuNToN, 46. Alexa- ndra-road, Moss bids, Manchester.

WNERAL SERVANT WANTED, no washing,familv four; good tiome. wages 33. 6d.—Mrs. LINDLEY, Eastbourne- rd., West Birlidale, Southport.

ANTHD, SITUATION as Groom, un:'er a coachman ; four years' experience ; age 19.—Apply Hr. THOMP- sox;-GilgArron, D;stiugton, 1t.5.0., Cumberlawl.

WANTED, SITUATION as Under-Coachman. ride and ~rive ; good references. ago 20 ; height Eft. Edo., weight lest.—G.P., 6, 'West Hill, Mansfield, Nottingham.

ri EN ERA L WANTED ; family of four ; no children; must NJ tis able to wash. anti have good references wages £l5. —Address 20, North ridea-road, dale. Apply by letter only.

WANTrir; or the country. H V OUSEAID, not under 25 years; must be good sewer; also KITCHENMAID. Apply by letter to Mrs. G. H. EATON, Roby House, Willaston, near (Rester.

Cl ROOM-COACH N 1 AN, or Groom. I, quires situAtion ; ten years' experience ; ride and drive well ; height 51t. ; reference good ;age 26.—Mc, MARTnes, 21, Benson- street, Liverpool.

MOTHPR and Dauqhter require SITUATION togetl er, mother as tiou.eke per, good cook. Daughter as us - ful help. Good refereuces.—ApVy at 55, Corono-rcad, Watetloo, Liverpool.

000K.—Wantel Pie in COOL, not too young ; also House- ms id-Waitress. Both experienced. Good characters indispen.able.—Apply Mrs. CRITCHLEY, Heversham House. Milnthorpe Westmoreland.

HOUSB,KEEPHR, by experienced Person, to a Gentle- man; w,iuld not object to children ; good c•ok ; care- ful manauer ;companion to, a lady or any potdtion of trust; highest:reference given.—A. W. 35, Hawthorne-road, Bootle.

SELECT SERVANTS' AGENCY, 26, Peny-iaryn. 1 Wrexham, Good (looks, Housemaids, Waitresses, Generals and Nursemaids disengaged. Ladies fromptly suited. Stamped addressed envelopes immediately attended

AVANTIiI). SITUATION as Coachman (thorough) or Groom-Co,chman, good rider and driver. aged 31. married, one&hild 7 months ; present three years—previous leaving through death. Good references.—W. JoNEs, 85, East-st. liorneastle.

ALB and FEMALE NURSES INSTITUTION, 70, in Hope-et., Liverpool. Estab. 1878.—For reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical, and Monthly :Nurses, Massage, apply or telegraph, " Nurses." Liverpool. elephone. 51C.

91partnunts,,jrunit5110 R3,otis,&r

BLACK?OOL. Pail( House. Claremont Park, facing the Sea. WINTER TARIFF on application.

BITXTON.—THE PEAK THERMAL ESTABLISHMENT. be best Hydropathic in the district. Mineral Water and other Baths. Magnificent public rooms. Excellent auisine. Table d'hote at separate tables.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
CggO, poultrp,

TIEW 111,elt Minorca COCKERELS (7 months) Webster's 1' noted str3in ss. Houdans (older) ss.—Mrs. SAMUEL, Ellastone, Ashbourne, Derbyshire.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
Eo bt Ed.

B.W3V,Y.—Nn. 19. Hoyle-st., capital hou3e. rent, 54. Key no 27, and T. MOULT, 39. Princess-st., Manchester,

IOLET.—WAREHOUSI4 and YARD, Orford-st.—Apply 1 ASHTON and Woonit, 8 ,iieitors, Horsemarket-street, Warrington.

HEATH ROAD, PENKETH TO BE LET, 6 roomed bay Window House. Apply J. MILLINGTOx, Heatli-road,

ranketil

PENKETH. HOUSE, with garden ; also several cottagea.— Apply Mr. ROBERT Lowc, estate agent, Market Gate Chambers, Warrineon..

rilWO DWELLING hon3e3, Nos. 26 and 36. Dudley-street, _L Warrington. Rent 53. 6d.—Apply J. SHAW GREEN 18 King-etreet, i arrington.

_ 910 LET, PREMISES, in centre of Warrington, suitable for I_ small workshops.—Apply ASHTON and WOODS. Solicitors, 55, Horternarket-street, Warrington.

0 GBNERAL DVALERS, PAWNBROKF,RS. and OTHEItS —Shop. 61, Priestley-et., Warrington with , goon npust attached. cellars, bath. Sce —Apply Mr. ROBERT LOWE, estate agent. Market Gate (.harnbrs, Warrington.

ALLSOPP S: SON'S MILD AND BITTER ALES J. And D'ABOY & SON'S ONLBBRATED DUBLIN STOUT In 9. 18, and 38 Gallon Ca3ka, or Bottle., AGENT

PETER LETGII, Iff)RSUMARKET STRELT. WARRINGTOV

G s DES''S DANDELION C OFF EE

The best and cheapest ever offered to the Public. Sal by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canister bd., 104., and le. 8d each. Wholpsale by ar.orsza & SON., V7arringtoo.

TUE HUMAN HAIR. IF Y'AIR HAIR IS FALLING OFF. Contult S. TAYLOR, or Use Hig Renowned Preparations, CANTPARIDEi EXTRACT mid POMADE, which are CERTAIN RE:STORERS of the HAIR.

TA.YLOWS SEDATIVE AND NUTRITIVE CP.EAM Infallible for perfectly Relieving the Skin from Irritation and Freeing the Hair from Scurf. Prepared only by S. TAYLOR, HAIRDRESSER AND

-PERFUMER, 26 AXD 28, KINQ-6521thka.

Manta.

A GENTS WANTED to push first-class Mschinery Oils; liberal comenission.—Box 31, POST OFFICE, Liverpool.

TOBACCONISTS and those commencing should call or send I for our Price List. Competition defied.--GoLDBERG'B, Paradise-st., Liverpool. Established 1850.

HORSES.—OnSa'e, 20 CArt Hones; price from £2O to £6O —Apply T. WILD, 108. Foregate-st.. Chester.

TFIEET ! TEETH! TEETH! MACDONALD'S F FIFE DENTORIUM. WHOLESALE Air:IFICIAL rIEETH MANUFACTORY' (Registered.) 8., H.M.R. Letters Patent. (Trade Mark.) The Best antl Cheap, st House in the Profession. Single Teeth, 25.; Sets, 20s. Fit and Quality Guaranteed Patients fitted while they wait. A lady in attendan2e. The Trade Supplied. All best materials and work= mhip Teeth extracted free from t 5 to 8 p.m.

. • Teeth extracted without pain. Free consultations. Telegraphic Adress " Dentist," Manchester. SO, PICOADUAr (Opposite Litirmary Cluck). 11141Z“,11115TEll

LADIES,

===== 0002601_18940203_art0059.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MEI

===== 0002601_18940203_art0060.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAM 1N El . sAT [RDA Y FEBRUARY 3. 1894.

alts bp Vribatr reatt?

EIGHT Screw-Cutting L&THES. from 61n. to 141 n. centre ; cheap.—GREENw.OoD, 39. Nuttall.st , itochdale.

A LL kinds of WOOD-WORKING MACHINES, over 50 in 11.. stock.—GREENWOOD, 48, Molesworth-st., Rochdale.

MORRIS'S TOLU AND HONEY.

The only Cure for Colds, Coughs, Bronchitis, kc. -- MORRIS'S TIC-CURE PILLS The only Cure for NEURALGIA, TIC, AND TOOTHACHE.

MORRIS. CHEMIST. ALEXANDRA ROAD, MANCHESTER, _ _

_ aUI all DealErs.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
&alai bp auttum.

MR. GEORGE N. DIXON.

BOVRIL THE GUARANTEED PRODUCT OP PRIME Ox BEEF.

FORTIFIES THE SYSTEM AGAINST INFLUENZA, COLDS AND CHILLS.

SERVED HOT AT RESTAURANTS. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS, CHEMISTS.

STORES, &c.

• "--

THE EXAMINER.

SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 3. 1894.

"WHY the Bill was nothing but A Chaltenge to Trades Unionism. a Trades Union Bill." Such is the remark, says a Parliamentary correspondent, wbich.a member of the House of Lords passed upon the Employers Liability Bill as their lordships defiled away to their homes on Monday afternoon after practically destroying the Bill. We say " destroyed" because by insist- ing upon their contracting out amendment the Peers have so mutilated the Bill that it will not be carried forward by the Government, and it will be rejected with scorn by the Trades Unionists of the country. The Lords have, as a matter of fact, at the instigation of Lord SALISBURY and the Tory party in general, declared war upon Trades Unionism. The Employers Liability Bill was, in a pre-eminent degree, a Trades Union measure. The hereditary legislator who made the remark we have quoted at the beginning of this article was right in that respect. Because the Bill con- tained provisions which are urgently demanded by the combined workmen of the country, and by many who are not yet enrolled in any trade organi- zation, a Liberal Government has given it a foremost place in its programme, and has pressed It forward through the House of Commons despite the threats and the cajolery of all the forces of reaction. For the same reason, that is to say, because it is a measure strongly desired by the organised workmen of the country, the House of Lords has resolved to ruin the Bill by eliminating from it its most vital prin- ciple. There can be no mistake upon this point. Their lordships knew perfectly well before Mon- day that adherence to their contracting out proposals would involve the abandonment of the Bill, and in the debate on Monday Lord RIPON again warned them to the same effect in plain and unmistakeable language. Nor is there any room for mistake as to the attitude that the Peers have taken up in regard to Trades Unionism. The Government, said Lord SALISBURY, were in the matter of that Bill the " victims of dire necessity and the slaves of a cruel organisation." "A cruel organisation " is Lord SALISBURY'S description of the combined forces of Trades Unionism, and, be it remembered, Lord SALISBURY is the leader of the Tories not only in the ouse of Lords but throughout the whole of the country. This latest manifestation of the contempt and the llitter hostility with which they are regarded by the leader of their own party, must surely be the most nauseous pill which the Tory workingman and trades unionist has had to swallow for a long time back. The House ef Lords is an exceedingly undemonstrative assembly. A speaker is there rarely encouraged by even a ripple of applause. But, we are told by one correspondent, when the Marquis of SALISBURY alluded to the million and a half of English trades unionists in muchthe same fashion as a Continental States- man might refer to Anarchists or Nihilists the Peers" enjoyed their relaxation with almost inde- cent glee." There can now, in fact, be no manner of doubt that the virtual rejection of the Em- ployers Liability Bill is a defiance and a challenge to the trade unionists of the sountry. There is, we believe, just as little doubt that this gage of battle, so wantonly thrown down, will be taken up with a readiness and a vigour that will sur- prise those Peers who are taking it upon them- selves to mar all progressive legislation.

THERE can be no finer tribute to The esigna Rumoured the amazing force and influence . Rtion. which Mr. GLADSTONE continues to display, in spite of his more than four score years, than the impatient de sire which Is mani- fested in some quarters to hear "of his " resigna- tion " or of his "retirement from political life." The PREMIER is at the present time enjoying a well-earned holiday at Biarritz, and the opportun- ity has been seized by a London evening paper which, perhaps, stands much in need of a bold advertisement, to once more announce his "impending resignation." The "Pall Mall Gazette," with solemn assumption of superior knowledge, stated on Wednesday that it had reason to know from an authority which it was not able to disclose, but in which it "had every confidence" that Mr. GLA.DSTONE had finally decided to resign office almost immelately ; and, further, that the letter announcing his resolution would be sent to the Queen before the assembling of Parliament. Then, condescending to particu- lars, it was said that the reasons for this very important decision were—first, a sense of advanced age and the great strain of the late arduous session; second, disappointment at the rejection of the Home Rule Bill and at the oppo,3i- tion to the Parish Councils Bill; and, finally, domestic pressure. This announcement which must have given infinit e satisfaction to the sensa- tional journalist who concoQted it had the run of London and the country for several hours. Mr ULADSTONE was, however, communicated with by telegraph, and the first sentence of the reply con- tained a complete denial. It was that" the state- ment that Mr. GLADSTONE has definitely decided, or has decided at all, upon resigning office is un- true." The message continued as follows : 'lt is trua that for many months past his age and the condition of his sight and hearing have in his judgment made relief from public cares desirable, and that, accordingly, his tenure of office has been at any moment liable to interruption from these causes in their nature permanent. It remains ex- actly as it has been.. He is ignorant of the course which events important to the nation .may take ev en (luring the remainder of the present s.eaton, and he has not done or said anything which could in any degree restrain his absolute freedom and that of his colleagues with regard to the perform- ance of arduous duties now lying or likely to lie be- fore them."

Some ardent admirers and supporters of Mr. PLADSTONE are disquioted by the latter part of his message. It is not SP emphatic in its denial of the possibility of resignation as they could have wished. In reality, however, it does not indicate that Mr. GLADSTONE has now the question of resignation eny more under considera- tion than at any time during the past two or three years. He has often reminded his followers that his future political work is entirely depeudent

===== 0002601_18940203_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
GETRIINGTH PILLS cure Nervousness, Debil- ity. never fail, 23. 6d. a box. GRIFFITH, Chemist, Leamington.

TO I.IIR—N-FrUitk REAOVERS, GA.RDBNERS, AND OTHEIZS,—M NTS, MATS, from 3s. 6d. per dozen.— G. M. JONM, 11, Victoria Bridge. Manchester.

fflirLES, WOOD HUIMLBS.—G. M. SONFS, 11, Victoria Bridge, opposite the OA Church, late 40,

WHEN YOU ASK YOUR GROCER OR CHAN DLE ic FOR SCOUREE,

===== 0002601_18940203_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
DON'T BB

SEE THAT YOU GET IT. 11.12 POSED It is undoubtedly the finest METAL POLISH on the ma-ket. I Wholesale from 12. and 14, JOHNSON-ST., DALE-ST., LIITIMPUOL.

UPON.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0064.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
C. • ••,, •

===== 0002601_18940203_art0065.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
• - ••••

===== 0002601_18940203_art0066.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
FACTS.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0067.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
4

4%*l%Pfrl

===== 0002601_18940203_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
on the measure of health and strength which he • may continue to enjoy, and his latest message goes no further than this. During the recent sit— ting of Parliament he surprised friend and foe alike by his physical and mental vigour, and there is every reason to believe that he will continue to lead the Liberal party through the remaining period of the present Parliament, and at the next? general election.

Weighty Words THE "British Medical Review" of a publishes at a very opportune Wise Physician. time some notes of a conversation with the late Sir Andrew CLARK on Mr. GLAD- STONE'S health. The notes were taken last year when the periodical rumour was floated as to the retirement from public life of the veteran Premier, and they will help to silence the "chatter of ir- responsible frivolity" that we have heard this , week. "It is quite untrue," said Sir ANDREW, "that I have urged Mr. GLADSTONE to withdraw from public work, and quite unlikely that I ever should do so. In the first place, the responsibi- lity would be far beyond what any physician would be justified in assuming, unless in the case of an imminent break down, and which Mr. GLADSTONE. shows no sign whatever; and, in the second place, Mr. GLADSTONE is a man of marvellous physical as well as mental endowments; and, notwithstand- ing lais advanced years, he has in many respects still all the elasticity and vigour of youth. His muscular and arterial systems are both extra- ordinarily well preserved, and the force, energy, and versatility of his nervous powers are far be- yond those of an ordinary man in the prime of life. Above all, he has the inestimable power, acquired partly by long habit and partly the re- sult of admirable balance of the nervous system, of sleeping long and well throughout the night, however agitating the events of the day may have been." We are now told that chagrin at the rejection of the Home Rule Bill is one of the reasons which have brought about the .mythi- cal resignation. HD!, little does this " reason " harmonise with the testimony of 'Sir ANDREW CLARK. "Even after the rejection of the Home Rule Bill, and the crisis which followed," said the great physician, "Mr. GLADSTONE'S sleep was unimpaired and his physical condition uninjured." Then we are told that to "Mr. GLADSTONE, work

is not exhausting, but restorative; it is his true stimulus, and keeps him young and vigorous. I would," continues Sir ANDREW CLARK, "never advise him to relapse into in- activity, even to prolong his life. Ido not think it would have such an effect, but rather the opposite." To those who would fain.believe that Mr. GLADSTON El is on the eve of an immediate re- tirement, we would commend a considoratio n

the passages we have just quoted.

CHURCH TEMPERANCE SUNDAY.

Special temperance sermons were preached in several Warrington and district churchos on Sunday, in response to the request of the Lord Bishop of Liverpool,and collections taken in aid of the Church of England Temperance Society. The services were generally well attended.

SUCCESS OF A WARRINGTONIAN. • • Mr. Henry Spinks, of Owens College, Manchester, (a son of Dr. C. IN. Spinks, of Warrington); has passed the first examination of the board of the Royal College of Physicians and surgeons, under the " Four years regulations" in Materia Medics, aud Pharmacy, at the quarterly meeting of the examiners.

INCREASE OF SALARY. In consequence of the transfer to the jurisdiction of Mr. S. Brighouse of that part of the borough of Warrington which lies in Cheshire, the _Finance Committee of the Lancashire County Council, cou- sidering the additional inquests entailed on Mr. Brighouse, recommend that his salary be increased from £950 to £965 a year, commencing from Ist January, 1894. READY MADE CLOTHING} SALE.—During Sale, all Goods will be marked with our usual ticket,also with • Sale Ticket," thus showing reduction made.—CitADK 36, Thattermarket- street, Warrington.—Adv. GOOD TEHPLARY AT LATCHFORD. On Monday evening, in the Temperance Halls, Latchford, the 21st anniversary of the Latch- ford Good Templars was held, when about 100 persons sat down to tea, after which it meeting was held, the chair being occupied by Councillor H. Roberts,who gave a short address.Mr• D.Prestwich, of Stockport, also addressed the meet- ing, after which songs and recitations were given. • Votes of thanks to the Chairman and ladies who presided over the tables brought the proceedings to a close.

- UMBRELLAS RE-COTERED.—J. and W. DUTTON, Sankey-8t Warrington.—Advt. THE DANGERS OF ELECTRICITY. On Wednesday afternoon, between three and four o'clock, a boy named Henry Warde' about 14, etav ployed by the British Insulated Wire Con:war/9f which lights the town of Prescot with electricity, was engaged with an electrician in a cellar of the premises in Eccleston-st. For some purpose Oir other the man left the boy for a few minutes, ltui on his return found him lying on the floor. Pr' Barlow, who resides near the spot was called and pronounced life extinct. The only marks viel: ble were a small hole at the point of his thumb,affu a scratch near the eye. THE BOLD HALL ESTATE. The tenants on, the Bold Hall Estate, St. Helesot have each receiv d a ouvenir, in the shape of handsome timepiece, set in brass, from Mrs. Wyatt' of Blackwater, Hants, the late owner of the estate, The timepieces were forwarded to Mr. Young, Wh was retained as agent, and the tenants were invite to proceed to the hall, and receive what had be allotted to each by Mrs. Wyatt herself. I will he remembered that on the death of the let! Mr. William Tippiuz, Bold Hall, came into posse!: sion of Mrs. Wyatt, and that in June last she sOld to a registered company of St. Helens, Warringtoll, and Liverpool gentlemen, who intend to get 06 minerals and carry on extensive works. of ALL HOUSEHOLD LINEN, hemmed and marked, free, t, charge.--J. and W. DUTTON,, Sankey-st. Warrington,-11''

Loss OF A WARRINGTON FLAT. The fiat, Heart of Oak, belonging to Messrs. Lid, and Grundy, of Warrington, and carrying scv foundered at about half-past three on Saturd% , afternoon. It sank between Ditton and the Nlre;,/ Bank Dock, Widnes. The captain had a narro escape. Before foundering the water was w 35111,137, completely over the flat, and the mate and t.irt.. muds got into the boat. The captain was atter°9p ing to let go the anchor, when the flat suddellei', sank, stem first, and he was thrown into the wa,tto ! A man ,named Ashton threw a lifebuoy froM log ! shore, and he was dragged ashore in a ! exhausted condition and carried to hi:; home. if' in rest of the crew safely reached West Bank Doe' the boat.

BURTONWOOD SCHOOL BOARD.. „ora The usual monthly meeting of the above —,..„-013, was held in the class-room of the Board Seiaf",,t- es Burtonwood, on Tuesday. Present : Me55r8..),8,70- Warburton (chairman), John Warburton k..."1L chairman), Thomas Perks, William Fairclong'Hod- Gawthorpe (school master), John Purster (B;ffions &lice officer), William Webster (clerk). There instruction was considered and Mr. Galr,:josed reported that the schools ere opened anti`a. of a each day with a Short prayer and the singillj, tb.'3 hymn, and that on two mornings in the `Negri° itted bible was read and selected passages e0d3'10011:* to memory by the scholars. The treasurershowing the receipt of 19 10s., quarterlY 1 oiced raent of fee grant, was examined and it Ng/Lis ri_e6 The that such a sum be debited in the cash boos'ended Clerk reported that the accounts for the yea l found September 29th last were duly audited all",le coPi correct on the 20th ult., and he produced t' gr.. G. of the balance sheet signed by the auditor, lot 00 liazlehurst. The Clerk. reported he bad cocer" schools to the.,Burtonwood Social Club for f:',43 use on the evening of the 23rd proximo on t"osici,_ terms. A list of irregular scholars Was d° Atten and tige necessary instructions given to tile for an a.nce Officer in respect thereto. A checlu,e requis] rent expenses .E 9 is. Bd. was signed and tne tion list considered and the articles included there oi•dered to be ~!upplied,

lidered

===== 0002601_18940203_art0069.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
I

===== 0002601_18940203_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
;' i'• , I •,..• ',-,''' ,s ~,„ r ',l

===== 0002601_18940203_art0071.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
1

1

1.

.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

ALBERT-ROAD CHAPEL, WIDNES. On Sunday, special services were held at the above whpil two sermons were preached by the Rev. m. Phillipson, Didsbury. Collections were taken in aid I/1 the Sunday school.

WIDNES CHURCH INSTITUTE. T The Weekly meeting of the above society was held on - ue3day evening in St. Paul's Parochial room, when H• Wade Deacon, J.P., C.C., delivered a very in- *4ructive lecture on "Colour," illustrated by lime-light eitws• The Vicar presided, and there was a good at- tendance. Over 8,000 delicious loaves sold every week at Commies. "-Advt.

FALLING DOWN DEAD IT WIDNES. Monday afternoon, as a Pole named Thomas Coin- 718liey, 1, Cromwell-st., was walking along Victoria- `°!cl, near the Central Hotel, he was seen te fall as if in tlit. He was taken into a shop, and the horse ambu- . Tice was sent for to convey him home. A doctor was 'lllntrioned, but when he arrived life was extinct. De- ceased had been in faiiing health for about two months. JiTEerrnisin is sold for smallest profit at CoLueit's,92,eireen- ^gYld.,ldalton-rd.,Egerton-st., Bridge-st.6,Church-st.-4et et. PRINCESS-STREET CHAPEL, WIDNES. On Monday evening an entertainment was given at .., above chapel in connection with the Catechumen ,s'lass. Mies Kinland (Wa.rrington) presided. A capital t,Programme was sustained by Sarah Walton, Emily ,ollason, M. Wiles, T. Worthington, Thomas Buckley, M-ison, Frances Sage, E. Jenkins, J. Jenkins, M. Walton, Hannah Rollason, Louisa Andrews. and Mr.. `l, Sage. An address was also given by Mr. G. H. 401Iason. SPLIXDID NEW CURRANTS Ed. per lb, itt Comainea.—Adrot. RUNCORN CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY. The committee of this society in their 63rd half-yearly I'DeP°rt state that the total sales amount to £44,080 3. 4d., ueing an increase of £497 45. 2d. en the eorres- r:lading half-year. The amount disposable after charg- -2g all expenses, including depreciation and interest on tapital, deducting the checks purchased, reducing Ship anal shares £5O, left the net amount £6,508 17s. 51 heY recommend a dividend of 2s. 11d, in the £on ...44,050 of check account books brought in, which will reount to £6,423 19s. 2d., leaving a balance of £B4 1 86. 31. to be carried to the teNrve fund.

oLiars's Ovnws are going night and day.—At. WIDNES THEATRE 13E0YEN INTO. 1,",t Widnes Petty Sessions on Thursday Bartholomew Y (Violet-street), ha le Durban (Witt-road), and Luomas Foggarty (Violet-street) were brought up and .eruatgod with breaking and entering Into the Widnes heatro between the 27th and 29th ult.—P.C. Winston' ttated that he received information on Monday that the theatre had been broken into and is, 61. stolen from the tali Y box. He examined the place, and found that the de had been broken. Later on the afternoon he met i°6119 and asked him for the loan of his knite. At first "e said he had none, but afterwards gave him the one Produced, which was broken at the point. Defendants were bound over to come up for judgment when called 111)0n within three months. p Ci• to PRITCHIRD's, 51, Iligia-st., Runcorn, for the beet 1101Gi5iani WATCR a working man can have.—Ale.

'TEMPERANCE SUNDAY AT WIDNES. Sunday was the day set apart by the Lord Bishop of Liverpool for the cause of temperence to be advocated Lbr°,lghout the diocese. There were 225 temperance --„,71:1413hs preached. At Widnes Parish Church the pulpit Ivas occupied in the morning by the Rev. R. Haworth, 4,11 Saints', Manchester ; and in the evening by the Rev. Adams, curate. The preachers at St. Paul's were the Vicar, the Rev. W. Hodgson, M.A., in the morning, and the Re , v. R. Haworth in the evening. At St. Ambrose, the Rev. F. Nightingale preached in the morning, and in "ne evening. the discourse was given by the Rev. G. A. Le Bert. Tile pulpit at Farnworth Parish Church was cupied in the morning by. the Rev. B. Percival, and in ‘ne evening by the Rev. J. Wright Williams. Ostuara'a tl5ll over ten tons of Blow, every week.—Adit. SAVAGE ASSAULTS ON THE WIDNES POLICE. On Monday, at Widnes Police Court, before Alderman Timmis and 'Councillor Gossage, Patrick Tarleton and William Tarleton, brothers, living in Caroline-street, Were charg.ed with drunkenness, and the first-named Prisoner was further charged with assaulting Police-cos, stables Berry and Ramsbottom on Saturday night. The Pissoners were being taken into custody on the first chasse, s s when the prisoner Patrick kicked both constables about the legs and body, and bit Berry on the hands. Williams was fined 5. and costs and Patrick 2s. 6d. and costs for the drunkenness aid El and costs in each of the assault eases. or seven Weeks' imprisonment in default. John Hopkins, Marsh-atreet, was fined 2s. 6d. and costs for being drunk and disorderly, and Ll and costs for assaulting Police-constable Cranshaw, on Sun- da night. 21.°s_ E" PRITCHARD, 51, High-street, Runcorn, keeps ..-EMACLF-31 to suit all sights, from a shilling a pair.—.Adat. FARNWORTH GRAMMAR SCHOOL. Twenty pupils of the local Grammar School were pre- sented at the last examination for the College of Precep- !Fire' °pen certificates. The following is the result : t....rst class, honour division: T. A. Bottomley, W. A. •aague, and E. L. Hunter. First class, pass division: J. :v. Ashley. Second class: J. Edwardson, E. Hartland, :friyoedder, and A. E. Robinson. Third class: Herbert ssni S. Cookson, R. Rae, J. Rollason, T. H. izGarittleworth, J. Smith, H. R. Stead, A. H. Clarke, and ^lli Thorpe. A special certificate for excellence in sussck-lieeping was awarded to T. A. Bottnmley. Many cf 'le above have also passed the preliminary pharmaceu- taincdal examination, and that for entrance to the medical A legal Professions, er the Institute of Chartered ccountants. Punic Inrsis Burrs. Is. per lb., at COLLIEVS.—Advt. WESTON POINT READING Roost. annual meeting of the above took place on Friday ;.;telning, under the presidency of Mr. L. Rosenburg, th 1 en the accounts for the past year were presented by ehea,,l"- secretary, they showins., after paying the pur- itaitm°hey of the building, redecorating the same and necessary alterations, supplying sundry games tra;„"st'll,7 of chess, draughts, dominoes,bagatelle board, hu and Periodicals, a balance remained in the trea- la T 9s. Pleasure was expressed that the ‘4,_ Mance of subscribing members had been very good 1,07 i ng th Past twelve months. The election of officers e 1 ensuing year was as follows :—Mr.L. Rosenberg les,eB;ilent ; Atessrl Mr. R. Collins.lion. treas. ; Mr. P. Hammers- serretary ; committee : Rev. D. S. Bowen, Rees 8. Harnmersler, L. Rosenberg, jun.. J. J. Char, H. Stott, and H. Turner. On the motion of the PresiTian• a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the year. ent and officsrs for their services durine, the past tee The Chairman also mentioned that the commit- very thankful for the donation given by Mr. room.nrunner, M.P., towards the purchasing of the

1/RLICIOIIII CRISP CRUST round COLLIER'S bread.—Adat. °n BILLIARD MATCH AT RUNCORN LIBERAL CLUB: 1 Woonpsda, '' e members of the Widnes Liberal Club return rn a , ch Th games at Widnes rsul catneetlo'eßmtPirg the Liberal Club to play their tted in the , . e 1 N.iii,r Wavers gaining a victory by 96 points, hut 18, 1.722 ,iT ?e'flaY evn ei g Runcirn on 15 games out of , an-recl 1.722 points to ther opponents' 1,447. thti: is.n—ug bY 275, oil. 179 on the two games. The followinga rrsult of the respective matches : .;17Sf,ael_ 1,..r ............... i-' ... 98 WRileY RUNC°"‘ NYIDNFR ler) 140 'tiling . . , ........ 61 rt Owen a ....a,, . ........ Ir2o Pa .KMson 94 W B Brimelow 34.1Qpilairnkl .... ..... ..... ........................................ 3;30 H Barnes B' 64 a Mather rat 90 H Heesom a ti_ .......................................... 100 A Hall 69 10) H Wright P .viia,7i.ci; ........ ............... ... I'lo W Wright . /1. Des: i 1 .................. 67 . 00 vir A"..,10, ........................ 75 C Handley 100 j flit'ry,a i.. ...................... 76 W Cobley 100 jvit T 7,0,,, ..................... 90 It Moores ' 100 Torn„anso . . ...................... 89 3 Green 100 rj,44 o ................... .. 77 E Johnson, 10) It joie .. .. .. ...................... 45 J Elliott 100 s R xv,...i.r...c.,. ................ 60 T Whitfield R Jon_ "..'. 1 k ............... 94 J Price 10, P moZyprri ................... 93 C Stubbs 100 If von ................. 39 J Goodier take - Want YOur WATC.II RAPAIRER by skilled workroom it tø PRITCHARD'S. LIBERAL CLUB. COt.NCERT AT WIDNES. . , annual concert under the The lirt ' Widnes Liberal club Wag held in St. Paul's Parochial auspices of the roonn on Monday when a large andience assembled. Mr- H. Wade Deacon presided and during an interval said they would he glad to know that the Liberal Club was in flourishing condition. A larle number of young mem- bers had recently joined, hut' there w for Others d. ,an he would be glad to sea: greater oi tfore; room taken in the dub. Political clubs were necessary for Use education of the people. It was necessary that they Pe Bhonla he careful of the way in which they thought and fi s,ke ofoubt tha the things of the day becausethore was no t there many 211 al, was much danger ab,,,1. There were al-id quicksands abi ad of liberalism in the oture. faced hut Much political wickPdne ' uld have t'" be it nent of was his firm Convict 'o t!iat the develop- I thp principles of Liberalism would get thens tbrough the shoals and ouicksands of the future. (Ap- )l"'-) He wo oT uld not he a Liberal if lie di not beve th nat that their principles would he the best for the future of e ionHe was glad to see so many present and he hoPed that hen the general election cable the Widnes Liberal Cl wub would show a (mod poll and assist in sup- Porth:g were the candidate at that ' time. (Applause ) Son,..Ts given. kis Hild II kiy Mr. W. H. Whitiv, Miss Stella Musprltt, s a Deacon, and Mr. J, 'Morrison and Mr. J. J. ar Ainslev gave a performance on the piano. Mr. W. C. tt nard (late of the Savoy Thsatre, London) gave a highly diverting humourous sketch. The customary Vote of thanks concluded the meeting.

`,44)Aqt.F.f.---:n

S. MICHAEL'S CHURCH RUNCORN. The annual tea party was held en Thursday evening, a good number sat down to tea and there was a capital attendance at the concert afterwards. The Rev. Canon Maitland Wood vicar presided, and delivered an ad- dress. - -

HARTLEY'S DAMSONS Elb. for 6d. 0 COLLIER'S.—Aeft. FIRE AT WIDNES. .

About half-past four on Thursday evening, the shop of Mr. Councillor Carney, grocer and provision dealer, Mersey-road, was discovered to be on fire. A consider- able time elapsed before the Fire Brigade made an appearance, but in the meantime the soap works brigade appeared on the scene, and did their utniost to stay the progress of the fire. They were successful in saving the upper rooms, but the business premises were gutted. JOSEPH PRITCHARD, Watchmaker and Jeweller, 51, High- et.. ituncorn.—Advt. RUNCORN SCHOOL BOARD EVENING CBASSES. Another of the series of lime-light exhibitions, illustra- tive of the ge)graphy forming part of the syllabus at these classes, was given on Thursday evening. The sub- ject on this occasion was "Round Britain in a Yacht." The descriptions were given in a graphic manner by Mr. W. Epps, and the lantern was manipulated successfully by Mr. T. Bowyer. There was a large attendance of pupils, and the proceedings were thoroughly appre- ciated.

When in want of a CHASTE and ELEGANT WEDDIN4 or BIRTIMIT PRESENT' go to PRITCHARD'S, 51. High-street.— ..idyl. DIM OF DEVONSHIRE LODGE, RUNCORN.

_ The second annual tea party in connection with this lodge was held ia Bethesda Lecture Hall. on Wednesday evening. After tea a concert was given under the pre- sidency of Bro. Joseph Pritchard, P.G., who said the lodge was one of the best in the district. Bro. Slade gave a history of the lodge, and on behalf of the mem- bers prosentea Bro. George Riley, P.P.G.M., with a framed emblem of the order, in recognition of his ser- vices as treasurer for fourteen years. Songs and recita- tions followed.

PRITCHARD'S have now stood the test for fifty years, and qnality and first class workmanship are still guaranteed.— Adv..

HOLY TRINITY CHURCH, RUNCORN. The annual congregational tea meeting was held en Thursday night, when 150 persons sat down to tea. Afterwards the Vicar, the Rev. Dr. Preston, presided and delivered an address, in which he referred to the depar- ture of Mr. Riley, and said he had accepted a larger salary at Bristol. Could he have afforded he would have paid him more out of his income. But things were not so bright. Few rents had decreased from £lOO per annum to £3O. Alluding to the proposal to make the seats free, the Vicar said if they did SJ Trinity would lose some of its oldest and best supporters. During the evening a concert was given. SRI:LIMN ALLEGATIOXS AGAINST WIDNES DOCTORS. During the hearing of a case under the Elementary Education Act at Widnes, on Thursday, the health of a child of one of the defendants was an important con- sideration. A certificate from a medical gentleman in the town was produced, but the attendance officer (Mr. Grant), who supported the case, said that certificates of that kind were granted by doctors who never saw the patients.—The Chairman : I take it you do not mean your statement to apply to this particular instance, but to cases generally ?—Witriess : Yes.—The Chairman : Your statement is a serious one, and I advise you to be more cautious in future. The summons will be dis- missed. BILLIARD HANDICAP UP AT THB RUNCORN VOLUNTEER

CLUB. The third of a series of billiard handicaps was brought to a conclusion at the Volunteer Social Club thin week. The first handicap, a cue presented by Mr. Arthur Tim- mins, was won by that gentleman, who was placed 110 points behind scratch. The second handicap, confined to volunteers, was won by Corporal Neild, the cue and case in this instance being presented by Mr. George ilhone, of the George and Dragon, who is a retired ser- geant. Corporal Neild was also successful in running the third cue, which was presented by Messrs. Orme, of Manchester. A fourth handicap has just been com- menced for a guinea cue, presented by Mr. Torn Jones, and a case presented by Mr. Timmins.

RUNCORN GAS COMPANY. The half-yearly meeting was held on Thursday morn- ing, Mr. Fred Rigby, J.P., chairman of directors, pre- sided, and there were present, Major Hazlehurst, J.P., Messrs. James Handley, J.P., W. Whittaker, Thomas Handley, James Pritchard, J. M. Frith, G. S. Frith, and J. R.Frith (secretary). The directors' report stated that the prolonged coal strike involving an additional outlay of £450 for fuel interfered greatly with the business of the Company,both as regards coal and cannel supply and the consumption of gas. The revenue account showed a profit of £3,861 18s. for the year. In order to pay the interest on debentures and declare a dividend of ten per cent. which- the directors recomtnended, a further sum of £432 ss. sd. would be required. This it was proposed to charge against the balance, standing to profit and loss account, leaving a credit balance of £730 53. 3d. to that account. The reserve fund invested in consols,now stdod at £3,533 6s. 2d. The new works are ready for the manufacture of gas and will shortly be brought into use.—The Chairman moved and Mr. James Handley seconded the motion. It was remarked that considering the crisis through which the company had passed, the payment of the usual dividend without increasing the price of gas to consumers, was satisfactory both to shareholders and the general public.—The report was adopted. CLoTiTING SALE.—Don't miss the chance now offered, the3e " Hard Times" for obtaining good and reliable ready made clothing at astounding reductions.—CßAlK, 36, Butter- market-street, Warringtop.—A•tv. ALLEGED THEFT OF kONEY.

At the Warrington Occasional Court on Thursday before Mr. James Tinsley, James Hatton was charged with stealing 7s. 6d. in money, from the drawer in the office of Peter Wood, Padgate on Jan. 31. Peter Wood said that he was a coal dealer in Padgate, and on Jan. 31st, he left some money in his drawer. At about five o'clock in the afternoon, the defendant came into the office and stood awhile warming himself by the fire during which time complainant went out for about ten minutes. When he got back, the defendant said that it was time to be going and went out. Shortly afterwards, com- plainant had occasion to open the drawer, and found a part of it disarranged. On examining it, Me discovered that 75.6 d, had gone. The police were informed and P.C. Head arrested the defend- ant who denied having taken the money. He was remanded to the Warrington County Petty Sessions.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
ME;MY,77,7,77,7,77:'7::57j

===== 0002601_18940203_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
FRODSHAM.

PERFORMING PLAYS IN AN UNLICENSED HALL.—On Wednesday at Frodsham Petty Sessions, Mr. Charles E. Linaker, manager of the Frodsham Town Hall, and Mr. ; Henry Hasslsg,rave, manager of the " Grelley's Money Company," now being produced at Blackpool, were res- pectively summoned for keeping a hall wherein stage plays were prodnee.i, and for presenting " Grelley's Money," "Hamlet." and "East Lynne," when the place was not licensed. The evidence against the defendants was that on J,trinary is, 2nd, and 3rd the pieces named were announce,' to be performed in the Town Hall. They were informed .I.lat a license had not been ob- tained, and on M. Hasslegrave bacoming aware of the position of affairs he expressed his determination to give a costume entertainment. In court Mr. Ilw.,slef..,vrave as- . :er!ed that this was what took place. He emphatically denied that any gage play was produced, or that any- thing different occurred to what takes glace every even- in!, in music halls. Mr. Linaker pleaded that he ought to have been warned, when the Town Hall Company would have either taken out a license or prohibited the performance. The summons against Mr. Linaker was dismissed, and a fine of is. was imposed on Mr. Hassle- grave, who said he had been compelled to come from 1 Blackpool that day.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
PENKETB.

BAND OF HOPE MEETING. —On Monday evening the Penketh branch of St. Mary's Temperance Socicqy, gave their monthly entertainment in the Infant-. schoolroom. The Rev. J. R. Jones was in the chair. and Mrs. Owen prided at the pianoNte. S.-mv,recitations, and read- ings comprised the prog,ramme,which was a very enjoy- able ono.

MUTUAL IMPLZOTEMENT ASSOCIATION.—On Wednesday night the usual meeting was held in the Wesleyan school, Mr. James Watson in the chair. The essay for the night was on" Chivalry "the essayist being Mr. H. Mainley. Tee paper was well put together and at the close a dis- cussion was held and the essayist was complimented by those present. AN EFFECT OF THE GALE.—OR Saturday afternoon the high wind blew down a large tree by Mr. Matthew Pownall's farm. The tree fell across the road and the traffic was impeded for some time. One of Mr. Maginn's horses while passing stumbled and fell, but happily sus- tained no serious injury. The tree was with great trouble rolled on the footpath but as it was considered dangerous to pe4estrians, it was moved to the other side. This was done with great difficulty and the busses and several carts were delayed for some time. LIBERAL TEA MEETING. —On • Friday night the annual tea meeting of the Liberal club was held in the Wesleyan school. This popular institution has always been well patronized, and this year was no exception. The tea was under the direction of Mesdames Mainley, Long- shaw,White, Goulden, and Misses Hughes and Norbury. After tea the customary concert was held,Mr. W. Aitkin took the chair. In a short opening speech he spoke of the progress made by the club and the work done. Master Harry Bennett was then called to sing " Home Sweet Home," This was followed by a reading from Mr. A. Pollard, "Cats and Dogs." Mr. A. Appleton sang " The Sprig of Shill:ll:Leh." and was followed by Mr. 'C. Fox, of Widnes, with " The Diver." Eimnorous songs by Mr. A. Evans, el' Witlnes, received great applause, a fine tribute to hia.sterling worth as a cemic einger. The remainder of the evening was devoted to - games in which young and old heartily- joined. Eleven p.m, brought a most enjoyable evening to a close.

454

THINGS HEARD AND SEEN AT RUNCORN.

BY AN OCCASIONAL CORRESPONDENT.

Mr. James Handley, J.P., has been elected presi- dent of Garston Liberal Club.

Everybody is practically agreed that eight hours is quite long enough to labour at some of the occupations of a chemical works, and it is a cause of satisfaction that the United Alkali Co. are estab- lishing the system in their Runcorn, Widnes and Weston works. The company deserve credit for se promptly adopting the wtshes of the Royal Com- mission.

The preparations for the annual treat to the aged persons of Runcorn are nearly completed, and the event will take place in the Public Hall on Tuesday evening next. The old folks will be treated with the generous hospitality of former years, and a suitable entertainment will be provided after the feast. Over 500 guests are expected.

Another victim to the death-trap of the Weston Canal. Mr. Wm. Statham, was drowned there be- tween Tuesday night and Wednesday morning. The place is absolutely dangerous, the rails over the Bridge leading down to the water's edge, and it is said they are placed that way for the convenience of the boatmen and their horses. The road is a private one, and it is surprising that so many people fre- quent it when there is a m mill safer awl equally near way to Runcorn through the Saltworks.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EX. MINE • SA T URDAY, FEBRUARY 3. 1894.

THE RUNCORN DEATH TRAP.

SAD END OF MR. WILLIAM STATHAM.

What Mr. Coroner Worsley has frequently describ- ed as Runcorn's death-trap, had another victim on Tuesday, in the person of Mr. William Statham, builder and contractor of Trentham-st., Runcorn. Mr. Statham who is building some cottages at Wes- ton Point, spent the day at that place and in the even- ing visited the Waterman's Arms, kept by Mrs. Fitton. He left there at 10 p.m. and next morning his body was found floating in the Weston Canal. He had as umbrella, under his arm and wore a macintosh which it is con- sidered caused the body to float. It is believed that he accidentally walked into the canal. The deceased who was born at Stathain, pear Lymm, came to Runcorn about 33 years ago as sub-contractor for the brickwork at Weston Chemical works. Some years later he com- menced business on his own account as a contractor and builder, and had a fairly successful career. He was widely known and respected, and the greatest sympathy is felt for his only daughter in her deep sorrow. The inquest was held yesterday, by Mr. J. E. WorsleY, ' Mr. George Hewitt, ship chandler, Percival-lane, said he was no relation to the deceased but had known him 18 years. He resided with the deceased who was a builder. He was 59 years of age. He last saw him alive on Tues- day morning. He was in good health. On Tuesday Right, it was very dark and wet. The deceased said he had some business to transact at Weston and Weston Point. It had been his custom to walk along the canal, and as late as he would do on the night in question.— Mrs. derail Fitton, landlady of the Waterman s Arms, at Weston Point, deposed that the deceased had been in the habit of coming to her house for seven years, as he had nearly always been building there. On Tuesday night he left her house at ten o'clock and she spoke to him as he went out. He was in excellent health and spirits. He was quite sober when he left. If fact, he had not been taking much to drink since Christmas. The night was very dark and windy and wet. Her nephew asked if he should accompany him, in fact he always did because it was a dangerous road. The deceased declined the offer and said he could manage. —ln reply to Mr. Jolliffe, who appeared on behalf of the relatives,the witness said the deceased had business with her on Tuesday night.—John Jeff, banksman on the Weston Canal, said he found the body of the deceased in the Canal on Wednesday morning. The body was floating in the lower section of the Canal. P.O.Benfield said he had examined the body. The clothes were all in order. In the pockets were a silver watch and chain aed ss. 6d. There were no marks ot viol- ence on the body.—The Coroner characterised the case as a very sad one and said there could be little doubt that he fell into the canalswhile walking home on a dark and stormy night. This was another of those cases that had come into his court from time to time, and which so long as that road from Weston Point to Runcorn re- mained in the position that it was, would from time to time come there. The numiser of valuable lives sacrificed by people coming along that dangerous road on dark nights and stormy weather, I erf ,ctly sober they might be, he said nothing of those cases in which the people had been drunk,was appalling. He had not the numbers before him, but he should think there were over 20 eases where the facts were the same as brought before them on this occasion, He did hope when the: arrangements of the Ship Canal were perfected, something would be done to close that road against the public, either by the substitution of a better road or by rendering this one safe so that this lamentable loss of life might not occur. He was sure he was expressing the feelings of the jury when he said they sympathised with the friends and relatives of Mr. Statham for the loss they had 'sustained by his death under these unfortunate circumstances.— Mr. Williams (the foreman) asked the Coroner if he would accept a verdict of accidentally drowned instead of found drowned. These eases had occurred so often and no steps had been taken to make the road safe. Found drowned suggested nothing whereas a verdict of accidentally drowned, might lead the authorities to take some steps.—The Coroner: I feel certain it is an acci- dent; at the same time found drowned is your correct verdict.—Mr. Williams : The unanimous wish of the jury is accidently drowned.—The Coroner: Very good.—A verdict of accidentally drowned was recorded.—The funeral took place at Runcorn Cemetery yesterday after- noon in the presence of a large concourse of people. The body, enclosed in an oak coffin with brass furniture was carried to its last resting place in the handsome hearse of Messrs. Yarwood Bros., and in the coaches which fol- lowed were the following mourners: Messrs. Richard Statham (brother), Jno. Davies (brother-in-law), Gwilt Catterall, (Wrexham), Jno. Davies (Montgomeryshire), George Hewitt, Thomas Weir, William Hewitt, and William Turner.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
BICKLEY-STREET MISSION BA.ND.

In connection with Buckley-st. Mission, Warr- ington, there is a band which, during the past two years, has given considerable promise of becoming one of our leadinglocal bodies of brass instrumenta- lists. There is one matter in connection with the Land, however, that has so far had a detrimental effect upon its endeavours. This is a lack of suit- able instruments. At the last band competition, held in Warrington, it was generally admitted by most musicians present that had . the Buckley-street Mission been possessed of superior instruments they would have made a very bold bid for a prize. Conse- quently the people at Buckley-street intend to make a very bold bid, by having when the time comes round again, a collection of new, and more suitable instru- ments. To assist in bringing this about, a concert was organised in the school room, Buckley-st., on Saturday night, and Mr. J. Taylor, secretary to the Warrington Association of Bands, was asked to preside. In opening the proceedings, The CHAIRMAN', who was received with a hearty round of applause, said he always liked to carry out the old . adage and " speak of his friends as he found them." His Buckley-st. friends had always behaved kindly and considerately with him, and he could, therefore, speak well of them. During the last season of the band's per- formances in the Park, the Buckley-st. hand had been ever ready to assist him; when there came an open date, or if some other band could not carry out its engage- ments, it was only necessary for him to speak to the. leader of the Buckley-st. band, or the members, and they always relieved him of the difficulty by promptly tendering their services. (Applause.) The hand, too, had made great strides in their progressive march, com- mendable improvement had marked almost their every public perfortpance during toe summer, for he could as- sure them that if they could only maintain their perserv- ing, endeavours alter excellence,they would soon become a band of no mean importance in the neighbourhood. (Loud anplause.)Passing for a time,from the consideration of the affairs of Buckley-st., he should like to mention to them what in his mind was a very important matter. It was the object of the Bands Association, if they could procure the requisite amount of public supPort,to create a fund for the purpose of sending each season one of the most prcenising young members of a local band to the Manchester College of Music, and thus help him to corn- mence a professional career. (Loud applause.) Buckley, st. had always been a .friend of the Association, and they possessed some promising players, and he hoped that when their scheme was put into opentioa,Buckley- st. would not be one of the last to benefit by the fund. (Applause.) Much praise was due to Mr. Richardson ad others for keeping the baud together, for they all knew how difficult it was to keep combined a bolsi at- tached to a Sunday school,where so many chaviges often took place. In conclusion he expressed a sincere hope that the concert would yield a substantial contribution to the amount required for the purchase of new instru- ments. (Applause.) The convert, which was a very enjoyable one, was then proceedesl with. The artistes were Miss Lilly and Miss L. Rushton, Miss E. Scott, Miss Jean, Miss A. Mor- rell, and Messrs. T. Hayes, C. Furness, J.Richardson, Ae Pemberton, A. Bailey, E. Sykes, and E. Wright. Th - band also pla) ed several selections. The -accompani- ments were played by Mr. G. Riley, with his usual ver. satility. The -proceeds .realised a very substantial sum

CLOTHING S LE.—Don't miss the chance now offered, thesa " Hard Times," for obtaining good and relialAle ready made clothing, at astounding recluctions.—Onsig, 36, ijuttermar- liet-street, Warrington.—Adv.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0078.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF IMPROVEMENT COMMISSIONERS.

The monthly meeting was held at the Town Rail on Thursday. Mr. S. Taylor, J.P., presided and there were present Messrs. F. Wiswall, 11. J. Once, J. M.eadowcroft, J. W. Lightburn, W. Handley, T. Lea, W. liankinson, 1). Bisbrown, E. Imison, W. Leach, J. Dobson; P. A. Lake (law clerk), E. Mar- shall (secretary), and Mr. Barker (surveyor).

lIRAVY INFANT MORTALITY. The number of deaths registered during the past month amounts to 38 ; two of these were inquest cases and of the remaining 36, 3 were due to phthisis, 2 to inflamma- tion of the wind pipe, 4 to premature birth, 3 to senile decay, 4to whooping cough, 3 to heart disease, 6to bronchitis, 2 to scarletina, and one each to ancemia, debility, rheumatism, epilepsy, convulsions, kidney dis- ease, inflammation of iung, rnPmbrane of the brain, and pneumonia. The above 28 deaths show an aver- age death rate for the twelve months ot 22-8 and exclusive of the inquest eases of 21.6 of the estimated population. Fifteen were infants and young children under two years of age.—The Surveyor said there were 45 deaths in the corresponding mouth last year, and the death rate was 27 per 1,000.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
HIGIWAYS AND BUILDINGS COMMITTEE.

- This Committee rec.minended—(a) That two addi- tional lamps be fixed in Norman-road, and that an addi- tional one be fixed in St. John-st., and two moved ; (b) that the tender of Mr. John Sefton for the private street works to be done in Thoula.s-st., Parker-st., Ann-st.. Stanley-st., and Bold-at., be accepted. The minutes were approved on the motion of Mr. Wis- wall, seconded by Mr. Biabrown.

HEALTH COMMITTEE. The Health Committee submitted the following minutes—The Sanitary Inspector having reported that nuisances exist at premises situate Nos. 23, 25, and 27, Granville-st., and No. 24, Fryer-st., arising from liquid filth oozing through large ashpit walls and privy walls into yards, it is recoininesileS that notices be served on the owners to abate the nuisances within 28 days of the service of the notices, and for that purpose to remove the ashpits and substitute ash boxes and to substitute water closets for the privies, oue to each house ; it is ' further recommended that in the event of neo-compli- ance with such notices legal proceedin!ss be taken ; that the Isocal Government Board having approved of the proposed payment of £l5 to the Sanitary Inspector for the extra services rendered by him in connection with the smallpox and typhoid fever epidemics, it is recom- mended that a cheque be drawn fur that zunount. In moving the adoption of the minutes, Mr. unison drew attention to the fact that there was no record on the minutes of the action taken at the police court for the closing of Zion Place. It seemed to him that for future guidance they ought to have some permanent record of the proceedings taken.—Mr. Lea said there was no nuisance existing at 24 Fryer-st. Time ashpit was re- built to the order of ties Board two years ago, and was now in perfect condttion.-LMr. Lightburn said if the property had been altered according to the wishes of the Board it was scarcely fair to ask the owners to do the work again.—Mr. Imison protested against Mr. Light- burn's idea. Although the alterations had been made, a nuisance might arise from conditions which did not exist at that time, and it was competent for thit Com- mittee to take further cognizance.—Mr. Lightburn said he had never said the Committee should not take further notice. If the property had been reconstructed in har- mony with the directions of the Board, a further recon- struction was scarcely fair to the owner.—Mr. unison said there was some joint ownership about 24 Fryer-st., and the Law Clerk said the Board could not deal with the Granville-st. property without dealing with 24 Fryer-st. as well —Mr. Meadowcroft said under the.circumstances the Board might bear the expense of the alteration at Fryer-st.—The Chairman: 'that is a dangerous precedent. —Mr. Handley said there was no nuisance at all at 24 Fryer-st., but there was a joint ownership and there was a nuisance on the Granville-st. side.—Eveutually 24 Fryer-st. was erased from the minute, and the minutes were then confirmed.—Mr. Lea explained that he had no personal interest in the property.

IVATE a R1,T.11.

Mr. Meadowcroft moved the adoption of the Water Committee's minutes, and with the addition that irre- coverable arrears of water rates amounting to £2B Os. 9d. be written off. These arrears had arisen from empty houses. At the last meeting reference was made to the summonses which had been issued to enforce payment of the water rates. One member stated that I he had not paid his rate and had not been summoned, a statement that was calculated to cause a great deal of irritation in the public mind. He found that that mem- ber paid his rates on. the 12th December, although en the 4th January he made a statement which was practi- cally a serious charge against the Water Committee. In administering the Act of Parliament they could not deal with the matters in the same way as a private com- pany,and the committee were sometimes compelled to take steps which were not very agreeable. Some of the parties who were sutnmoned distinctly stated that they would not pay the rates. The committee were entrusted with pwers which they desired to carry out with as little trouble and annoyance as pessible.—Mr. Lea said Mr. Meadowcroft was labouring under a wrong im- pression. He was speaking of the time when the sum- monses were issued, and not of the date of last Board day. He had not paid his rate at the time these other people were summoned. He still maintained that the ' committee ought to have been a little more lenient in dealing with these people.—Mr. Once said he under- stood Mr.Lsa perfectly at the time.—The Chairman said if the payment of the rates were driven as long as possible it would be almost impossible to get the money in. If the committee and the officers were to be crippled

in this feral there was no doubt the Water Works v:,Ould be a failure.—Mr. Leach said a gentleman had assured him there was a decision in the High Courts that the rate was not payable in advance.—Mr. Lake said he should like to see the case. The rates had been payable in advance ever Nitre the company was formed.—The minutes were Dassecl.

THE TECHNICAL INsTITHTH. The Technical Instruction Committee reported that Messrs. A. and H. Hulse having discovered an error in their tender which was accepted at a meeting of the Board held on the 7th of December last withdrew the same. They have submitted an amended tender of £3536 94. 4d., the amended specification providing for wood block floors instead of ordinary flOors. 'The Com- mittee recommend the acceptance of the amended tender. Mr. Wiswall moved the minutes and said the tender of Messrs. Hulse was still the lowest and said the fireproof floor and wood pavement would make the building alto- gether more satisfactory. This tender was £538 more than the original tender, but it was still under the architect's estimate of £37so.—Mr. Grice seconded the motion, and said Mr. Bowden had inspected some of the work done by Messrs. Hulse, and he had every con- fidence in recommending them—Mr. Wiswall statCd that there were no local tenders. The minutes were passed.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCE.

The Finance Committee reported that the receipts for the past month had been general fund, £895 2s. 6d. ; water rates, kr; ~ £149 9s. 9d. ; water loan accounts, John Ball, £3OO. Accounts amounting to £1549 13s. 4d. en general accounts ; £153 Os. 4c1., water accounts ; £273 65., Private Street Works account ; and Permanent Works Loan account, £ll7 lls. 61. The Committee further recommended that the tender of Mr. Hugh Ackerley, Runcorn, to lend £3OO at 3± per cent. interest per annum for a period of five years be accepted, and that the Seal of the Board be affixed to the Deed (To be borrowed under the Runcorn Commissioners' Act, 1893). That the sum of £350 be transferred to the Sink- in:2; Fund. That the loan of Mrs. Emily Eayrs for £3OO be repaid, and that a cheque on the Sinking Funl for that amount be drawn. That the sum of £3 3s. 10d, be paid to Mr. William Nickscn for extras for work done in connection .with the alteration of offices. That James Austin's wages (youth in office) be increased is. per week.—Mr. Flandley moved the minutes, and re- marked that the Board had now got all the money at th uniform rate of 31 per cent.—Mr. Lightburn seconded.—Carried. THE NEW DYE LAWS.

The Chairman said he was pleased to inform the mem- , berg that the Local Government Board had confirmed- the new building bye laws.—ln reply to Mr. Bicbrown, tho Law Clerk said they would come into force at once.

RESIGNATION OF MR. HUMPHREYS. Mr. E. VI, ynne Humphreys, writing from 4, Whitehall- yard, London, S.W., under date January 22nd, formally tendered his resignation as a member of the Board of Imprwement Commissioners, and asked the Chairman. to kindly express his sense of obligation to his late colleagues for the kindness and consideration he had received at their hands during his term of membership, and he would lee failing in his duty were he to omit to recognise and formally acknowledge the unvarying courtesy of the officials of the Board in all departments. Their ready and willing assistance had been of immense service to the harmonious and efficient conduct of the business, and the Board were to be congratulated upon having so loyal and efficient staff of public servants. Might he be permitted also to join in the felicitations which the members would, he was sure, tender to Mr. Taylor upon his elevation to the magisterial bench.— The Chairman said for some time Mr. Humphreys had bYan a very useful member of the Board. Had it not been for his energy and ability,he(the chairman)doubtedi if the new bye-laws wottld have yet been framed. He was sure they were all pleaserl.that Mr. Humphreys had improved his position and wished him every success in his new undertaking.—Mr. Bisbrown moved the accept- ance of the resignation, and paid a ttibute to Mr. Hump- hreys' work on the Board.—Mr. Handley seconded,and remarked that Mr. Humphreys had displayed great ability in the town's bnsiness,.and it was satisfactory to know that their loss was Mr. Humphreys' gain.—The moticn was carried.

CONGUATULATION TO TUE CllAlumAx. Mr. Wislvall thought it was their.dtity to congratulate their Chairman on having been appointed a justice of the peace for the county. The distinction was an hon- our conferred upon the Board. He was quite worthy of the elevation, and Mr. Taylor would fulfil the duties with distinction to himself and to the Commysioners. He thought they would join with him in congratulating- him upon having been placed on the commission of the

41".

peace.—Mr. Bisbrown and Mr. Grice having expressed their felicitous wishes, and remarked that there was no other recent event that had given se much satisfaction in the town, the motion was seconded by Dr. Mangan, and carried amid applause.—The Chairman thanked the members very much for their kind expressions. His only desire was to do what he possibly could for the people of the town. In all his public offices his first consideration was the welfare of those whom he repre- sented. He felt he could not do too much to help for- ward their interests.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
A MODERN HOTEL AT RUNCORN.

•In these days of Permissive Bills, Local Option and other measures proposed for the restriction of what is commonly known as the " drink traffic," it is a pleasure to find a house that has been raised above the level of drinking houses into a modern Commercial Hotel. The metamorphosis that has recently taken place in the George and Dragon, in Egerton-street, is complete and satisfactory. A delapid- ated building has been converted into a first class struc- ture, and a house which was used merely by casual callers for a thirst quencher has now accommodation for men and beast in every particular. This transformation has taken place since the house came into the possession of Messrs. J. Jones and Co., brewers of Knotty Ash, near Liverpool, and has been made under the guidance of Mr. Walter Lothian, architeco, of Broad Green, the struc- tural alterations being made by Messrs. Farrell and Son. There is a commodious bar, a parlour, a smoke room and a commercial room, all fitted up in the latest and most complete manner, while the arrangements for the culi- nary department are well suited to the times, and capable of providing everything necessary. There is also a billiard room, admirably contrived, fitted with a table from the establishment of Mr. Thomas Sowerley, of Liverpool, which has cost 112 guineas, and the com- pletion of the house and the formal " opening " of this billiard table was made the occasion of a pleasant gathering on Tuesday afternoon. Proceedings com- menced with a billiard match between two well known players from Liverpool—Messrs. Ryder and Longmyre —who played a game of 750 up before a select company. Ryder conceded 200 points, and a , most interestimr game resulted in a victory for Long- myre by 135 poicc.s. The winner made the biggest break, —66, but he v. as closely followed by his opponent who made 64, including 26 nursery cannons. Both men showed some exceedingly fine play, the manipulation of the balls exciting the hearty approbation of those pre- sent. Afterwards ttiere was supper spread in the com- mercial room, Mr. George Holliday representing the firm of Messrs. J. Jones and Co preside', and Dr. MacKenzie filled the vice chair. Tlv're were also present amongst others—Messrs. David Lothian, Knotty Ash ; Frayer, Liverpool ; John Bustard, Liverpool; I. Jacobs, Liver- pool ; T.Soworby, Liverpool ; —Paverelli, Broad Green ; C.Fotherabill, Broad Green ; —Scragg, Liverpool ; Walter Burnett, Broad Green ; Walter Lothian, Broad Green ; John Weston, E. Tuckey, F. Jolley, J. W. Lightburn,and George Shone. After ample justice had been done to the good things provided, the vice chairman proposed " Success to the House," and in doing so, described Mr. Shone as a man of good principles and sterling-quali- ties, and who would make his mark at that house.—The Chairman then gave the "Founder of the Feast," Mr. Walter Lothian, and described the great transformation scene that had taken place in that house, owing to his professional skill and judgment.—Messrs. Jacobs and Peverilli also spoke to the toast, which was received with musical honours.—ln reply, Mr. Lothian said it was a great pleasure to him to be the donor of the feast. —The Chairman proposed the health of the host. Ho described Mr. Shone as a typical John Bull of the old type, and said that he had not the slightest doubt that under Mr. Shone's management the George and Dragon would become the best house in Runcorn. (Applause:) After the toast had been drunk with musical honours, Mr. Shone in reply,paid a high compliment to the firm of Jones and Co., and said he should do his best for the house by serving the public of Runcora to the best of his ability, and conducting the business in such a man- nor that the most exacting critic of the licensing trade could not find any fault. (Applause.)—The Vice-Chair- man then proposed "Joseph Jones and C 0.," in felicitious terms, and the Chairman responded expressing regret that Mr. Jones was unable to be pre- sent. He said the stuff supplied to the George and Dragon would be of the very best quality, and by being courteous and kind to their supperters,the firm hoped to hold their own. The "Town and Trade of Runcorn" was also given, and several other toasts. The proceedings were enlivened by several recitations,given in an artistic style by the Chairman, and songs by Messrs. Jacobs, Fothergill and Mr. Walter Burnett, who also ably acted as accompanist. Subsequently Messrs. Ryder and Long- myre played another billiard match of 1000 up, Ryder on this occasion conceding 400. Longmyre appeared completely out of form, while Ryder played a brilliant game, amongst his breaks being one of 164, and one of 75, besides several of 40 and 50. Ryder won easily, An exhibition has been arranged by Mr. Shone for Monday, February 26th, when Messrs. Ryder and Diggle will meet at the George and Dragon.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. PAUL'S CHURCH TEA PARTY.

The annual congregational tea party in connec- tion with St. Paul's Church. Warrington, was held on Monday evening, about 300 persons sat down to I tea. The tea tables were presided over by the I following :—Mesdames Lawless, Morris, Smethuist, Chantry, Evans, Ward, Lawton. Finney, D. Jones, Reid, Craddock, W. Atherton, Graik, Smith, ,Ilanki,nson, Reynolds, Richardson, Geddes, Chorley, Revnolds,Miss Lvthgoe, Miss Finney,and Mr.Jolley. The usual entertainment followed ,and the proceedings were presided over by the vicar, Rev. H. V. Pigot. In the course ot a short address he said he was very sorry to see that Mr. R. Davies had not arrived. Since Mr. Davies had promised to take the chair he had had a severe cold, and he wrote him saying that unless he was very much better and the weather very much milder he would not turn out that night. Referring to the work of the church, the Chairman said he was happy to say that all the branches of its work were in a thoroughly satisfactory position. The tea party so far had been a greater success than ever and Miss Westwell who knew pretty well how things were going had to report a larger collection of subscriptions than she had ever got before. (Applause.) Their churchwardens were the same as last year, and from all accounts they were all very well satisfied with the way they had behaved themselves. (Applause.) Last year Mr. Hughes and Mr. Forbes were with them, but towards the end of the year the news came that they were to lose them both, and the end of 1893 saw the end of their services among them. They isarted with them with many regrets. The new member of the staff, Mr. Townsend, was very un- fortunately unable to be present, and he had asked him to make his best apologies for being absent. He (the speaker) was very sorry Mr. Townsend should miss this opportunity of making tile acquaintance of sa many Connected with St. Paul's. He hoped they would soon make him feel at home, and get some good work out of him. Their choir was as good now as ever it was. The ringers had done a very great deal of hard solid work d ,ring 1893. They had distinguished the:nsslves amongst the bellringers of the Diocese of Liverpool and held now a very high place. The handbells which were prosented by the churchwardens and Mr. Morris had been of very great service to the ringers. Tile bib- ringers also wished to take this opportunity of thankinet Mr. Smethurst for presenting a hsll which complst d the set and made their belfry as well nigh perfect as it could be in every respect. (Applause.) He wish, dto acknowledge the services of those who had got up the ' second part of the entertainment. Owing to sickness in the house he had been obliged to give up taking any part in the work, and Mrs. Adams and Mr. Chorley had taken the responsibility. . An excellent .programme was submitted. The first item was a part song by the choir enttled " Hark the Convent Bells." Two other part songs were also given " 0 Hush Thee," and "Softly falls." The whole were well rendered and reflected great credit on all concerned Songs were contributed by the following artistes: .Messrs. Fanahaw, Sherlock, and Ratcliffe, and Miss Oxley, Miss A. Oxley, and Miss Cosgrove. Each artiste met with a hearty reception, but owing to the lens thy vograname encores were not acknowledged. A flute snlo " Maritana " was given by Mr. Bodmore., and Messrs. Parkinson and Sherlock sang with much taste and feeling the duet " Excels:cr." The second part of the programme comprised a number of Tableaus. An admirable representation of a gipsy encampment was given. The other scenes depicted four Japanese pro- verbs. " Never too late," " Bird in Hand," " One for sorrow," and" Two's company." " Three little maids from school," was also given in Japanese costume. Three scenes were given from Cinderella. file final scene was " La belle Nlsrguerite." During the evening Alderman Sutton and Councillor Smethurst addressed the meeting. Alderman Sutton said they had to congratulate themselves that they were a very happy family at St. Paul's. They didn't fall out as others did, or enter into altercations upon religious matters. He thought they were all willing to de their best, and so long as they did their best and endeavoured to beceme good christians and to carry out that grand old rule to do unto others as we should like

to b,l done unto. Councillor Smethurst referring to financial _matters in connection with the church said those who chiefly sun- p,rted the church had migrated, and they didn;t geein to get others to take their places. It was for those who remained to put their shoulders to the whrel to keep things straight, and he thought everyone could (1,-) more than they had done. In their collections from laAt Easter up to the previous &inlay night they collected 12.67 13s. 10d., comprising 11,239 coins or not quite an average of lid. per week for every member of St. Paul's Church. He asked them as sensible people if they thought it possible to carry on a place of worship wh,n only receiving 111. from everyone of tly! mem- bers of the church. Mr. Smethurst afterwards referred

to the choir vestry which he considered needed enlarging Mr. Ly thgoe' the organist of the church, accompanied on the piano during the entertainment.

WARRINGTON TOWN COUNCIL.

BUSINESS _OF THE NEXT MEETING.

The following is the business of Ch-e-ii.eitTown Council meeting which will be held on Tuesday evening at the Town Hall.

NEW BUILDINGS, he. The Street Improvement and Lighting Com- mittee recommends that the plans of the fol- lowing buildings,&c. be approved :—Passages off Lovely lane, for Atherton Selby, Esq. ; five h3uBeB in Lovely- lane, for Mr. John Lloyd ; eight houses in Folly-lane, for Mr. Charles Longshaw ; shop in Liverpool-rd, for Mr. James Allsop ; house in Tanners-lane, for Mrs. S. Boyle; ten houses in Clegge-street, off Orford-lane, for Mr. Thomas McCue ; house and alterations to others in Frog hall-lane, for James Walker, Esq. The Committee also recommend that the two freehold cottages, numbered 45 and 47, King-st., (formerly Flag-lane), be purchased at the sum of £425, and that the old cottages in Buckley street, recently purchased by the Corporation, be pulled down, and the materials sold by public auction.

-

===== 0002601_18940203_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
. , . 'l+ • :.-4.14(4, • -

*;‘,7.04,

===== 0002601_18940203_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
THE HEALTH C631-MITTEE.

This Committee proposes that the council be recom- mended to make an application under the Isolation Hos- pitals Act, 1893, to the County Council of Lancashire, for the establishment of an isolation hospital for the treatment of persons suffering from smallpox, and for the constitution of a " Hospital District," comprising the borough of Warrington and the districts of all adjoining authorities for which such isolation hospital may be made conveniently available; and that the attention of the local authorities of the districts adjoin- ing or contiguous to• the borough be called to the provi- sions of the above act and to the proposed application to the county council.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
PROPOSED INCREASE or SALARY.

The Sanitary Works Committee recommends that the salary of Mr. James Dem. the manager of Longford Depot, be increased from £2OO tg £3OO per annum.

SCHOOL ATTENDANCE COMMITTEE.

This Committee gives the report of the inspector,from which it appeared that 7 cases had been taken before the magistrates, and fines inflicted in all cases. 20 cases were brought before the Committee and dealt with.

DiIISEIIM, LIBRARY, ETC., COMMITTEE.

The Committee reports the following gifts :—lrish halfpenny, 1775, from Councillor Shaw; specimens of crustacea and shells, from Councillor Cirr eening ; copper coins, &c. (13), arid parcel of cuttings a nd-broa.dsidesi from Mr. F. W. Wood; Parliamentary papers (23), from Mr. R. Pierpoint, M.P. ; reports of historical MSS. com- mission, 10 vols , from Sir G. Greenall, Bart. ; "Memoirs of :Sydney G. Thomas," by Burnie, from Mrs. P. Thomp- son ; minute books and papers relating to the Warring- ton Fire Brigade, from the Fire Engine Committee. The Committee recommends that the Fire Engine Committee be requested to examine and report on the fire appara- tus in the museum building periodically, and that the Water Committee be requested to see that the supply of water is sufficient in case of fire. They also reported that a letter was road from Mr. John White, offering on behalf of subscribers to present a marble bust of Lord Wininarleigh to the Art Gallery, and that it was resolved that the offer be accepted,and that the arrange- ments for the formal presentation be left in Mr. White's hands.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
CEMETERY COMMITTEE.

From th:: report of the Registrar to this Committee it appeared that the interments for the past four weeks were—Adults, 41 ; minors, 73 ; stillborn and premature, 11. Corresponding period last year—Adults,74 ; minors 70 ; stillborn and premature, 12. The receipts for the past four weeks were £9l 145., corresponding period last year, £9B is. 6d.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
THE IlltTllS.

The bathkeeper reperts that the income for the baths for the past six weeks was £l5 7s. 2d., and for the cor- responding period last year £2 11s. Jd. Increase £l2 16s. 21.

MARKETS COMMITTEE.

This Committee reportA that the total income from all sources for the past five weeks was £359 19s. Td. Corresponding period List year, £339 7s. 7d. Increase £2O 12s.

THE QUALITY OF OAS.

The Gas Committee reports that the average illumin- atina power of gas for the past four weeks was equal to 1847 candles at both works. It is recommended that the sal-try of Mr. W.S. Howard, the cashier, be increased to £2OO :per annum, and that the salary of Mr. E. J. Smith, chief clerk, be increased to £llO per annum.

TEE FIRE BRIGADE.

The Fire Engine Committee recommends that the resolutions passed by the Council on October 26th, 1880, to the effect that in no case the st?am fire engine, er engineer be allowed to attend fires arising beyond the boundary, and that in case of a fire reliably reported outside the borough, the members of the brigade should proceed to the place with manual engine only, be rescinded. They further recommend that in case of a fire without the borough being reliably reported, and a request made to the borough fire brigade to attend such fire,that it should be the duty of the superintendent to- gether with members of the brigade, not exceeding ' eight, to proceed to the fire without delay, and that the steam fire engine " Major " be permitted to attend such fires, and that the charge be £1 per mile outward journey,and not. less than £1 nor exceeding £3 per hour for the use of the engine.

I'ENDERS

The following tenders are recommended for accept- ance by the various committees : The Street Improve- ment and Lighting Committee of W. P.and W. Skelton, Ltd., to supply five gross of door numbers at 9s. per g,ress ; The Markets Committee: of Mr. W. Mortri to connect the Market Inspector's Office' and the. Workshop with the Telephone at -26 10s. Water Committee: of Mr. R. Johnson to purchase the willows at Appleton, at £3 ss.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
A LONG SERVICE.

In the minutes of the Water Committee the death is noticed of Joseph Yarvrood, of Appleton, after 41 years' service under the Waterworks Company and the Corpora. tion.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON RURAL SANITARY AU TB 0 RITY.

The monthly meeting of the Warrington Rural sanitary Authority was held in the Board room, yesterday. There were present the Rev. G. F. Roberts (in the chair), Messrs. W. Houghton, Dignum, A. Jolley, G. Ratcliffe, J. Mather, and W. Clarke; also S. Sutton (clerk), Dr. Sephton (medical officer), and Mr. Arthur Down (representing Mr. Owen, surveyor).

===== 0002601_18940203_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
iIIRTONWOOD SEWAGE SCHEME.

The CLERK read the fGllowing letter from the Secretary to the Local Government Board :—Sir,—l am directed by the Local Government Board to advert to their letter of the 2nd November last, with reference to the applica- tion of the Rural Sanitary Authority of the Warrington Uuion for sanction to a loan of £2,000 for works of sew- age and sewage disposal for the township of Burton- wood, awl to enquire the result of the Rural Sanitary Authority's consideration of that letter.—The Clerk explained that he had replied, stating what had been • done, but mentioning that owing to the illness of Mr. W. Owen, the surveyor, they would br: compelled to leave the matter in abeyance for the present.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
MEDICAL OFFICER'S REPORT.

Dr. SEPIITON, medical officer, submitted his monthly report, which showed thit the total number of deaths for the month was 16 and births 37. The present deith rate was 14.3 per 1,000, against 17.6 for the last three morins, and 16.4 for the corresponding month of last year. The death rite from zymotic diseases was 3.2 per 1,000, against 3.6 during the past three months and nil for the corresponding month of last year. There were four cases of diptheria in Croft and radgate. In answer to the Chairman Dr. Senliton said he attributed the out- break to the climatic changes.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
HOLLINFARE BURIAL GROUND.

A letter was read from the office of Mr. Wm. Owen, surveyor, stating that the work in conn^ction with the burial ground at flollinfare, was not being carried out satisfactorily, and that they had warned the contractor that unless greater progress was made the penalty would have to be enforced.—The CLERK stated that the work was now going op/a more satistactorily.—Dr. SEpurroN said that there had been many complaints about the inconvenience caused through the dilatory manner in which the work was going on, and also because they v;er, not yet able to carry interments out on the ground. —This concluded the public business.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
WEEKLY REPORT ON THE IIEALTiI 0} WARRINGTON.

During the week, which was ,the 4th of the current year, the following births and deaths were registered :—Births : Warrington, 46 ; Latchford. 7; t0ta1,53. Deaths: Warrington, 15; Latchford, 3; total 18. The excess of births over deaths was 35. The death-rate from all causes was equal to 16.7 per 1,000, against 21.8 the average of the previous tour weeks, and against 254 the corresponding week of last year. The death-rate from the seven chief zyn3otic diseases was equal to 0.9 per 1,000, against 3.2 the average rate of the four previous weeks, and against 1.8 the corresponding week of 1893. The ages of mortality were :-0 to 1,3; 1 to 5, 2 ; 5 to 15.2 ; 15 to 25, 1; 25 to GO, 5 ; 60 up, 5 ; total, 18. The deaths 'included 1 from enteric fever; 1 from Croup; 1 from parturition ; 1 from old age ; 4 from lung disease ; 3 from brain disease; 2 from heart disease; 1 from cancer. The following cases of infectious disease have been reported during the week :—Scarlet fever, 2; enteric fever, 1. Total number of patients in hospital 20 METEOROLOGY.—The mean tempera- ture was 40.6 Fah., and therefore 46 degrees colder than the preceding week. The maximum tem- perature. 50 F., was recorded on the 22nd inst., and the minimum tetnwl'ature 27 F., on the 24th inst. The rainfall measurtd .39 inch. The general direc- tion was S.w., the reading of the Aneinometer denoting 1,300 iniles.—JouN H. GORNALL, Medical' 'Officer of llealt h.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
'MIA GS HEARD AND SEEN

AT WARRINGTON.

One of the most wonderful movements of modern times is the Young Peoples' Sojety of Christian Endeavour. Begun on February 2nd, 1881, just thirteen years ago, it has within that short period spread all over the world. At the World's Conven- tion held in July last year in Montreal, Canada, 26,284 local societies were reported with a member- ship of 1,577,040. In the British Isles, the number of societies is now over 1,000 and the movement is growing at the rate of 20 societies per week. As a bridge between the Sunday school and the church it has been found marvellously successful in retain- ing the elder scholars, and training them for Chris- tian work. The movement which is quite inter- denominational has taken root in IYarrington, where there are now several societies connected with churches of various denominations. With a view of bringing these together, and also of impart- ing further information to those interested in the religious training of the young, a local convention has been arranged, to be held in Bold-st. Wesleyan schoolroom onl hursday next at 3 and 7.30 p.m. All the Christian Endeavour Societies Sunday schools in Warrington and within *radius of six miles have been invited to attend the convention which will take the form of a Conference in tbe afternoon and a public meeting at night. Several speakers ex- perienced in Christian Endeavour work will attend, and take part in the proceedings. The chairman of the local committee of arrangements is the Rev. Edward T. Reed, and the secretary is Rev. D. W. Rzsberts.

The Amateur Photographic Society reported a successful year at their annual meeting on Tuesday. They have now 79 members which is a mo,t res- pectable number, and shows that the camera has charms for a good number of people besides the professional gentlemen. Mr. Pritchard, the energe- tic secretary, was desirous of relinquishing his .

post, but his brother members would not agree to it, and he will, therefore, have another year of office. Another successful year is looked forward to, and before the year is out, the Society should have increased its members to a "century."

M rs.II übi-Ne wcom be's concert in the ConseretrAve Club, on Wednesday night, was a great success, the assembly room beiLg crowded, and the audience were well repaid by the excellent programme provided for their delectation. The new song " I'oteen," composed by Mrs. Newcombe, was an ex- cellent Irish song, and well deserves the applause it received. The interest was well sustained through- out the whole of the programme, and whenever Mrs. Newcombe gives her next concert, she may. I am certain,he sure of an equally satisfactory result.

During the past few weeks, a number of gentle- men have been bestirring themselves to form a Floral Society for Warrington. The object of the society will be to promote the cultivation of plants and flowers by competitions and like means. The project has met with such favour that in a very short space ot time,th.e society will probably be an established institution in the town ; and, in fact, a committee will be formed very shortly. A project of this kind deserves the support of everyone who has any love for the beauties of nature, and any- thing to promote the love of the beautiful in a working town like Warrington is to be commended. Horticultural shows are, as a rate, great successes in such towns as Crewe,Preston,and even in Wigan, and there is, therefore, no reason why they should not be in Warrington also.

Almost every week now at the police court, the magistrates complain of shopkeepers exposing their goods for sale outside the doors without any ade- quate supervision, and thereby offering strong temptations to weak minded or needy individuals who cannot resist temptation. During the present week, there have been two of these inuendoes against, the shopkeepers. On Monday Mr. F. Monks expressed the displeasure of the bench at the prac- tiee, but on Wednesday, Mr. John Fairclough went a step further, and threatened that he would not allow costs in these cases in the future. The warn- ings and advice of the magistrates have up to the present been something like pouring water on a duck's back, for the shopkeepers have simply taken no notice of them, but perhaps if Mr. Fairelough should carry out his warning, it will have some effect. One shopkeeper some time ago said that it did not pay to hide their goods, but surely there can be some method found to keep them safe. Various suggestions have at times been thrown out, such as having a net round the goods, or placing them higher up the wall, &c., or that a boy should be employed to keep watch. Whatever is done, the shopkeeper should certainly take care not to ex- pose his goods in a manner to excite the cupidity of a certain class of individuals.

I notice that the "School Music Review" for February has a short article on "Music at Warring- ton Training College." It states that "The Rev. Ntorley Stevenson, the Principal, is an excellent musician and takes a great interest in the musical training of the students. Mr. W. S. Woods is the musical prufessor. The students are of the gentler sex, but male amateur choralists are permitted the privilege of rehearsing and performing with the ladies at these annual events. The occasion is re- garded as a society function, the neighbouting gentry attending in force. A small but thoroughly efficient orchestra is engaged, and altogether the performance is made worthy of the excellence of the music selected. Many hundreds of past students must retain pleasurable recollections of the rehear- sals and pertormances in which they took part,and they must be grateful for the musical culture and high ideals they gained during their student life."

There is a good deal to be said for the suggestion thrown out at the Buckley-street Mission, on Satur- day, by Mr. J. Taylor, secretary to the Warrington Association of Bands. This was to the effect that a local fund should be formed which would enable the Association to eachyear send one of the roost pro- mising of the young instrumentalists of Warring- ton to the Manchester College of Music, and thu.s help him to commence a professional career. It is evident tkat there is a largo amount of enthusiasm in Warrington for instrumental music,and no doubc there are,now and again, young bandsmen who dis- playmore than usual talent. In some cases it is only the lack of opport,initv for development which pre- vents a youthful musician from attaining a pro- minent place in the world of music, and such a fund as that referred to might in some cases provide an opening to a distinguished career.

MERLIN.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON CHAMBER OF

COMMERCE.

THE YEAR'S WORK.

The 17th annual meeting of the Warrington Chamber of Commerce will be held on .\londay. The annual report whlch will be submirte.d his been issued to the rneuabers. It contains the fo,lowing allusions to work done during the year.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
BOARD OF CONCILIATION.

At the invita:tion of the Warrington Trades and Labour Council, the Chamber decided taco-operate with them in establishing a local Board of Conciliation (to consist of an equal number of employers and empl)yed) for the adjustment of local labour disputes and the ob- viation of strikes and lock-outs. Each body elected six representativcs,but the proposal ultimately fell through, owing to a difference between the Chamber and the Trades Labour Council as to the constituti,in of the Board. The Council of the Chamber are, however, strongly in favour of some such institution, and trust that it may ultimately be established.

CERTIFICATES OF ORGANISATION. The Foreign Office recently succeeded in inducing various Governments to accept Certificates issued by the local Chamber of Commerce as evidence of the origin oZ goods in cases where such Certificates were rendered necessary bs foreign Customs Regulations. The con- cession has been a great convenience to Warrington manufacturers trading with the Continent, and the Council wish to call the attention of any who may not be aware of it to the fact that Certificates may now be obtained at the Chamber.

LABOUR BUREAU OR REGISTRY. At the ru,gestion of Messrs. 'V. A. Bishop and Co., Borax Manufacturers, Dial Mills, Warrington, t'le coun- cil decided to take the initiative in establishing, a labour bureau or registry for Warrington and the district, pro- vichsd that a sufficient number of local manufacturers could be induced to guarantee the preliminary expenses. A thorough canvass was made by the Secretary, but the general feeling appeared to be that there was not any difficulty in obtaining labour and that the town was scarcely ripe for such an institution. The project was thereupon abandoned for the time, but the council are strongly in favour of the idea, and believe that a complete system of labour registries in all the great manufacturing, centres, working in unison. and kept in touch throngh the medium of a central office, would do much to solve the problem of the uneniplciyed.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCIAL.

The balance hfetsh ws the receipts for the ve.r to have b.,en £35 18s. 11d. and !he expenditure £3O 8 leaving a balan3t3 in hand of £5 10s. 6d.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
INFLUENZA. (La Grippe).

There can belittle doubt that Influenza is as prevalent now in this country as it has ever been, but as we are more accustomed to it, it attracts less attention.

The symptoms are so we:l known as to require no description, hut the cluses are less understood. It is, however, certain that when the system ha-3 run down and is in what is termed a low condition, that it is peculiarly liable to an attack of INFLUENZA, oa LA GRIPPE.

Maw remedies have been suggested, hut it is gener- ally acknowledged that the beat treatment is nourishing food, warmth, and a good tonic. 'I he best tonic is fignNINE. And it has been cleirly demonstrated that the best and moat effective way of administerin. Quinine is the form of GWILYM EVANS' QUININE BITTERS.

These Bitters have many advantages, which are now fully recognised :- 1. They are PURELY VEGETABLE, and are a plea- Sant and safe way of taking Quinine. 2. They have stood the test of TWENTY YEARS, and are acknowledged to be a HAPPY' COMBISATIO of the Best Medicinal Plants yet discovered ; such as Quinine, Sarsaparilla, Lavender, Gentia.n, Dandelion, &c., mixed in scientific proportions, and forming a Tonic prepara- tion which is ABSOLUTELY UNEQUALLED. 3. We claim that by taking a doSe of these Quinine Bitters daily, say about 11 o'clock, and thus keeping the system in good order. ' INFLUENZA CAN BE KEPT OFF.

4. We also claim that after an attack of Influenza, 'when the patient is suffering from extreme weakness, lassitude, and low spirits, there i no preparation yet dis- covered equal to GWILYSI EVA.NS QUININE BITTERS. To Streagthen the system and revive the spirits.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
Cr ONE WORD OF CAUTION.

All good things, whether in medicine or anything else, are now imitated; and the great success of Gwilym Evans' Quinine Bitters has been the means of starting many imitations which are absolutely of no value com- pared with these atters. The oßly advantage offered as an inducement to buy them, is,—that they are cheaper. This we admit, but assert that WORTHLESS imitations ARE DEAR AT ANY PRICE. We hold ourselves responsible for every package, which bears the name Gwilym Evans on the stamp, label and bottle, and for no other. Sold by all Chemists, in bort' ,s at 2s. 9d. and 4s. ed. each, sample bottles at is. 111. QUININE BITTERS MANUFACTURING CO., LTD., LLINELLY, SOUTU WALES.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MiGISTR,A_TES.

SUE WAS "CINDERELLA."

At the Warrington Borougn Court on Monday, atberine Conway, a tall, middle-aged woman, no ad- dress, was charged with being drunk and disorderly in jliloreensarket-et. at an early hour on Sunday morning, and further charged with assaulting Police Sergeant Taylor whilst being conveyed to the Bridewell. The evidence of Sergeant Taylor showed that the prisoner was drunk in Horsemarket-st. at 1.10 on Sunday morn- ing and was shouting and screaming. The sergeant went to her and t..ok her into custody, but in order to get her to the police station he was obliged to procure a handcart. With the assistance of P.C. Smith the pri- soner was lifted into the handcart. This mode of con- veyance seemed to please Catherine for she exclaimed that she was "Cinderella." Sergeant Taylor promised to take her to the ball, but at this the prisoner struck out with her clogs, and kicked the sergeant in the face. The magistrates committed her to gaol for one month hard labour, without the option of a fine.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
SENOBANT ROOTH RETIRES.

'At the conclusion of the busines at Daresbury Petty Sessions, on Tuesday, Mr. A. Browne, solicitor, said before their Worships rose from the bench, he wished to mention that it was the last occasion on which Sergt. Booth was to fulfil his duties in that court. He thought be was right in saying that he was the only person pre- sent in court who was there when Sergeant Booth com- menced his duties 15 or 16 years ago. They all knew that Sergeant Booth had been an excellent officer, al- ways courteous and kind to all,and on behalf of the bar be could only wish him many years of health and pros- perity in his well-earned retirement, and that be might live comfortably on the pension he would have from the county.—The Chairman (Mr. El. Neild) said he quite concurred with what Mr. Browne had said, and hoped that Sergeant Booth would live long to enjoy his pen- sion.—Superiatendent Atherton said he was very sorry Sergeant Booth was leaving them.—Sergeant Booth said he was very much obliged to Mr. Browne for the kind resnarks,he had made. Owing to an injury he received wet years ago he felt compelled to retire.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
MIN 0 tt. CASES. WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT.

MONDAY.—Before Mr. F. Monks (ch.irman), Aldermen Harrison and Francomb, Messrs. W. Pierpomt and S.

Wright. HE HOPED His WOULDN'T na HUNG.—John Emery, a savvy, was charged with stealing from the shop of Isaac Boughton, Mersey-street, on Saturday afternoon, a a man's eoat, valued 16s. 6d. The prisoner had been in company with another navvy, and on paising Hough- ton's shop, he took the coat which was hanging outside. Charles Houghton saw the action, and followed the prisoner into Bridge-street, and saw him go into a pub- & hoese. Houghton then informed P.C. B:rry, who west into the public house and arrested the prisoner, who said that he hoped he would not be hung for it. He was brought to the police station, and admitted tak- ing the coat. He was sent to gaol for two months.—The beech spoke very strongly upon the halit of Warring- ton tradespeople hanging their articles for sale outside the shop without having anyone to look after them. DRUNK AND DISORDHEILT.—Thomas Martin, 75, Queen. street, Manchester ; Mary Jones, no address ; John Quinn, no address ; John Moran, 29, James-street ; James Rooney, 6, Union-street, and George Hopkins, Clethall-yard, were dealt with for this offence. ASSAULTING A POUCH OFFICHR.—John Moran, a soldier Os furlough, was charged with being drunk and Ohl- torderly in St. James'-st., at 12.10 on Sunday morning, and also with assaulting Inspector Bowen. Frani the evidence of the Inspector it appeared that the prisoner was creating a disturbance in St. James'-st., at the time named, but when asked by him to go away the pri- soner struck him in the face and knocked his helmet off. Corroborative evidence was given by a witness named Ashton. Sergeant Stringfellow said the prisoner was a very quiet man while serving in the regiment. The pri- soner asked to be treated leniently as he wanted to go back to his regiment in Ireland that night. Inspector Bowen said he was quite willing not to press the case of assault. A fine of 4s. including costs was imposed. " SnINTY " PLAYING.—Three youths, named James Morris, 2, Manchester-road, Wm. Holt, 43, Hamilton- et., and Wm. Connor, 27, lilamilton-st., were charged with haying on the 21st January, played `• shiety " in 33attersby-lane. Defendants pleaded guilty. The Chief Constable said there were great complaints of window breaking through boys playing this game. Eash defen- dant was fined 2c. 6d.

—A DOG OWNEII FlNED.—Albert Smith,printer,Fou ndry- at., was charged with allowing a certain ferocious dof_, LO be at large in Furness-Etreet. P.C. Turner said he 'a-

ceived information on Sunday morning of a girl named Appleton, of 4, Steven-st., having been bitten by the de- fendant's dog. He went to the house and saw the wound which was on the right arm. Two girls named Appleton and McCue deposed to being bitten by defen- dant's dog. The defendant had been warned on tho 26th December. He was fined ss. and costs, Ll 6s. 6d. in all.

PUGNACIOUS WOMEN.—Three young women named Houghton, Gibbin and Taylor,were summoned for fight- in. in W inwick-st., on the 20:II January. The two last named defendants did not appear, and warrants were issued against them. Houghton admitted fighting in self-defence. She was fined the costs, ss. 61. P.C. John Cooper proved the case. TUESDAY.—Before Messrs. E. J. Guest (chairman), and

R. Garnett.

SCHOOL ATTENDANCE CASES.—The following were sum- moned for irregular attendance of their children at school : Thomas Garrity, Friar's-lane, 53. ; Pater Far- rell, 2, Prossley-st., labourer, ss. ; Moses Williams, 33, Stamford-st., forgeman, boy birched; John Holloway, Appleton-st.,puddler,4s. 6d. ; George Pugh,ss,Catherine- st., 2s. 6J.; Henry Taylor. 27, Eldon-at., plasterer, ss. ; Hannah Flynn, Hoyle-st., ss. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY.—Catherine O'Brien was dis- missed on promising to sign the pledge. WEDNESDAY.—Before Mr. John Fairclough (chairman), Alderman Wright, and Messrs. J. Geddes and J. H.

Fleming. THEFT OF AN OVERCOAT.—WiIIiaM Woods was charged with stealing from the shop of Thomas Greaves, pawn- broker, Church-street, at three o'clock on Tuesday after- noon, a boy's tweed overcoat, valued 7s. ed. The prisoner who is 20 years of age came to Sergeant Chantler on the previous afternoon, and told him that he wished to give himself up as he had stolen an overcoat. The overcoat was taken to Mr. Greaves' shop and identified by the assistant. It had been banging outside the shop. In answer to questions by the magistrates, the prisoner said that he came from Wigan looking for work. He was on his way to St. Helens. The magistrates ordered the prisoner to be kept in custody until Thursday, and in the meantime for his mother to be communicated with. They also again spoke in condemnatory terms of the practice of hanging articles for sale outside shop doors. Mr. Fairclough said that personally he would not allow costs in any future case similar to the present. FALSE ArrEsTenoN.—John Jennings was bent to gaol for six weeks on the charge of making a false attestation when enlisting in H.M. South Lancashire Regiment, on Nov. 18. _ _ _

DESERTERS.—Heny Bramford and John Smith, were remanded to Strangeways on the charge of deserting H.M.King's Lancashire Regiment since Jan. 25

THIIRSDECY.—Betore Majr Ridgway (chairman), and Mr. J. H. Fleming. Damix.—Peter Corroboy, forge labourer, was fined ss. including costs for being drunk in Pinner's Brow, at 11.15 the previous night. P.C. Gibbs proved the case. A Disc:minim; MAN .—Austin Gallerty, who for a short space of time has resided at 15, Ellesmere-st., was charged with unlawfully exposing himself in Bold-st., on the 16th January, with intent to insult females, and further charged with similar offences on the 30th and 31st ult. Prisoner pleaded guilty. The Chief Constable (Mr. Hunt) stated that the prisoner was 27 years of age, and had been employed on the Ship Canal, until Nov. last, but had not done any work since. During the last month he had had constant complaints about a man answering the description of the prisoner indecently be- having himself in Bold-st., and Palmyra Square. D.S. Monaghan was set to watch and arrested the prisoner the previous day. A man named Hughes gave evidence as to seeing the prisoner commit the offence. The magis- trates sent the prisoner to goal for one month on each charge, three months in all.

FRlDAY.—Before Alderman Wright (chairman), Dr.

Gornall, and Councillor H. Aoberts.

BEGGING. —Ernes. t Bentley was charged with being a disorderly person, found begging in Wilson Patten-street at 11.50 on Thursday. It was stated that 4 complaint was niade to the police by Mrs. Taylor, shopkeeper, Priestley-street of the prispner begging at her shop. She had taken pity on him, and made him a can of tea, but instead of drinking it he had thrown it into the street. The prisoner was afterwards seen soliciting from gentle- men coming from Bank Quay station, and also going up the entries behind Wilson Patten-street, and was ar- rested. He stated that he had come from Runcorn and had lived by begging in Warrington for a fortnight. Prisoner was ordered to leave the town at once.

OCCASIONAL LICENCE—Thomas Halton,George Inn,was granted an occasional licence to sell in the Masonic rooms from seven to two on the evening of February sth on the occasion of a supper. BREACH OF Comucr.—Catherine Fallon, Bakehouse- yard, was summoned for breach of contract in her apprenticeship to Edmund Mills, fustian cutter. The case was adjourned for a month to give the defendant another chance to fulfil her contract.

DISMISSED FOR WANT OF WITNEBSES.—JoSeph Cham- bers, 57 Winwick-road, was charged with assaulting William Whallon, 50 Winwick-road on January 27th. The complainant said that he went to the defendant's house to ask him for a shilling owing to him. Defen- dant gave him a blow in the eye, and one on the crown of his head, and told him that that was his shilling.— The defendant denied committing the assault, and, as neither side had any witnesses,the case was dismissed.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON V. WIGAN.

A STIRRING GAMB.

It did not require the presence of a flock of stormy petrels, hovering about the sea of sloppy green sward, at Wilderspool, to predict the coming of a storm on Saturday. The loud uproarious gusts of wind, upon which Jupiter Pluvius rode, and ever and anon swooped down with drenching vigour, was a sufficiently truthful harbinger of the tempest that was to follow. And the fact was patent to the eight thousand of enthusiasts who made their way to the football field t ) witness the contest between Wigan and Warrington. Certainly the issue of the battle was sufficiently important to justify even a common, everyday sort of enthusiast in braving the most inclement of weather, for it meant that if Warrington were victorious they would take the third place in the table of the Lancashire Cup Competition. By the time the teams had assembled on the field, the wind had gathered strength and continuity, and now it howled and shrieked about the grand stand and the pavilion and swayed the goal posts to and fro as though they had been gigantic reeds. It was a well developed gale, of that there could be no doubt. But this did not daunt the players, and the spectators settled themselves down to witness much unprecedented scoring. War- rington had the first advantage of the wind and they came out of it with two tries. But it was loudly shouted that Wigan would augment this when they came before tho wind. Alas—tell it not in Oath !—the Black Dia- mond Hunters did not keep their word—they simply kept the gentleman who iceres,limp with inactivity and ram. But in this half the elements had grown much fiercer. The gale was bringing down sheets of rain and sleet, that swept along the field like clouds and saturated the players through and through, as well as the specta- tors. The players began to carry about on their feet incumbering quantities of soil and slough, and after a few scrimmages it became a difficult task to identify them, so hidden were their features by the clinging embrace of mother earth. The ball slipped about as though it were soft soaped, and the wonder is how War- rington in this second half guarded themselves. But there is no doubt they played well, and the match, des- pite the detrimental consequeeces of the inclement weather, was withal one of the finest and hardest games that has been seen at Warrington this season. But to describe the game more minutely. Barber, that excellent player from Stockton Heath, kicked off, and sent the ball calling on the wind right into touch. A minute later James *Bate tricked Flalliwell, and he too punted injudiciously, and the second minor was chronicled. From the drop-out the oval travelled to Carey, who in quick succession came to grief in trying to clear his burly opponents. A foul by Rigby saw another tall kick going dead,"and then ensued another round of scrimmages and line-cuts, which proved un- interesting to a degree. The visitors rushed the oval by short stages to the local quarters, but their stay was brief,for Taylor made an effort,which was ably seconded by John Bate and Berry. A grand dribble by Rigby gave Wigan again a look in at the home twenty-five,and Carey was floored in attempting to clear. The visitors tried their hand at passing, but the local backs with a smartness which was indeed praiseworthy, upset the sequence; and Potts and Evans leading, Trow was soon reached and grassed, his goal again being jeopardized. Walkden stayed a rush neatly, while the attention of Mitchinson and Barnwell to the Bates did not afford the Warrington backs any opportunity. The visitors re- lieved once more, and after Grundy had charged the kick, Potts upset Winstanley, and the home forwards, headed by rumor, Thorniley and Dakin, again led the way to the Wigan line. The pressure was severe, and though Wigan defended resolutely, they could net with- stand the well-meant efforts of the locals for long, for James Bate kicking right into the mouth of goal, the home backs raced up in a body, and Trow being floored, Carey was credited with a try after the game had been in progress twenty minutes. Evans hit the pests in at- tempting to convert. Following the drop-eut, capital , play by Mitchinson and Roberts reached the centre flag, but Turner started a passing bout which promptly nulli- fied the advantage. The locals persisted in the attack, and Potts accepted from the Bates, but he failed to clear I Webster. The two Bates led the way to the line, and Barber for the first time had a chance of distinguishing himself, tackling Whitehead in true style. The oval was dangerously near the Wigan line, and Jolley nsade one bold bid, actually crossing the rut, but failing to ground. Wigan again cleared with rushes, only to see James Bate return splendidly, but the pass was badly, knocked on. Taylor, Dakin, and Berry effected a clink- ing dribble along the popular touch, and got to within five yards of the line before Trow pulled them up. Roberta saved repeatedly, whilst a rousing cheer greeted a clinking ran by Barber, this smart player gathering from the loose, and clearing a host or opponents before Trow nailed him close to the line. However, from a scrimmage the oval was passed out to Po to, who es- sayed a drop at goal, and the ball failing too rise it can- noned off the post, and Carey racing up scored luckily, Potts making a poor attempt to convert. The visiting forwards got away to centre field bolero being repulsed by Ileesom,and half time arrived with Warrington lead- ing by two tries. The restart was made by Turner, and for a few minutes fast play prevailed, but upon more pressure being introduced by Warrington,this subsided, and for a long time Warrington kept their opponents in check in midfield. It was now that the I rain began to beat down in torrents, and the players soon presented a truly pitiable sight. But the ball was kept riling. A free kick against Warrington afforded the visitors relief, and though Potts met the oval, he failed to gain any ground with his reply. Whitehead made an effort without success. Baroer always accounting for him. Buckley, Thornily, and Berry led the way out of danger, and then Jolley was conspicuous in one rush which culminated in Wigan again

defending. A spell of desultory play followed, and the outcome of tall kicking by Roberts and Winstanley saw Heesom saving cleverly. Evans was to the fore with an accurate tackle to Walkden, but a minute later ironical cheers greeted a huge punt by Halliwell. Following the drop-out the locals rushed down in masterly style, and another glaring instance of obstruction robbed Barber of his customary try. Minors fell to the credit of the visi- tars on renewing the attack, whilst near the call of time the Wigan forwards swept down in a body and looked certain scorers until Heesom stepped into the breach, and a fine save was applauded to the echo. Time was scon afterwards called with Warrington victorious by two tries (six points) to nil. Teams :—Warrington : Heessm, beck ; Carey, Evans, Potts. and Barber, three- quarters ; John Bate and James Bate, half backs ; Tur- ner, Jolley, Dakin, Taylor, Berry, Donohue. Thornily, and Buckley, forwards. Wigan; Trow, back ; Roberts, Walkden, Winstanley, and Whitehead, three-quarters ; Mitchinson and Halliwell, half backs; Wester, Rigby, Unsworth, McNamara, Grandy, Lowe, Arkwright, and Robertson, fcrwards.

WARRINGTON A v. WIGAN A.—Tbe return match between these two champion " A " teams was played at Wigan on Saturday. The Warrington team were deter- mined to avenge that defeat they had sustained earlier in the season, but the elements prevented them from doing so. The wind howled round the Wigan enclosure blowing with hurricane force from goal to goal, and at the commencement of the contest rain began to descend in torrents. Four fifteens were originally arranged, but the vileness of the elements caused the captains to aban- don the game after two of the allotted quarters had been played. Warrington were fortunate enough to have the wind behind them, and ere long were attack- ing the Wigan fortress, a minor being conceded. Taylor then got smartly away, his forwards improving the situation by rushing into the visitors' quarter 3. A long series of packs and line-outs were fought out in midfield in fact the game was a continuous series of packs and line-outs. The ground was also in a wretched state,and the oat husks did not help to improve it, but in the meantime Warrington were attacking, but despite the efforts of the visitors' halves they could not get the ball away to their three-quarters. In the second quarter Wigan soon attacked, but a splendid rush by the War- rington forwards carried the leather to half way. Wigan again pressed, Broady and Massey clearing, and a clever run by Freeth improved the advantage. The contest was, however, fought out on similar lines to the first quarter, but the Warrington forwards were gradually getting the better of their opponents. The referee blew his whistle, the match coming to an abrupt termination and the players scampered off the ground, nothing hav- ing been scored. SALE v. RIINCORN.—At Sale, on Saturday, before a moderate attendance. Runcorn had not a very strong team, owing to the county match requiring a large con- tingent of their regular players. Bate, of Sale, was also away playingagainst Yorkshire, and Morley was unable to play. Runcork4 kicked off against the wind, &falai snaking a good return. Stubbs came alone with a nice dribble. The ball, however, went into touch at the half-way flag. Pagden and Parrott now broke away, and for a time the Runcorn lines were in jeopardy, but G. Robinson relieved with a short run, and passing to Warder the latter kicked into touch at half-way. Num- erous free kicks were given against Runcorn (for off- side) play, and Cookson almost landed a goal from one ef them. A dashing run by Smith gave the Runcorn men great anxiety, but the full back was equal to the occasion and grassed his man beautifully. Some brilli- ant passing by the Sale backs ended in Sawers crossing the line, but he unfortunately lost the ball. Sale still kept up the pressure, but could only score minors. In the second half rain fell in torrents, which made accur- ate play impossible. Pagdcm made a magnificent run, but lacking support the effort came to nothing. Run- cora.now pressed severely, and it took Sale all their time to keep them out, several minors being conceded. The game became very exciting, Warder, the brothers Robin- son, and Stubbs making desperate efforts to score, but the fine defensive play of Smith, Pagden, Parrott and Leicester rendered their efforts futile. Taylor and H. Harvey were prominent among the Sale forwards. Final score :—Sale, five minors; Runcorn, four minors.

ST. HELENS RECREATION Y. MlLLOM.—Played at St. Helens before about 1,6110 spectators. The Recs. were short of Cheatham and Fiides. The wind was blowing boisterously along the field, and at the start rain began to fall. Miltom, having lost the toss, started play, the ball being carried in touch. The Recs., assisted by the wind, commenced to press. The visitors' full back effected a good save when the'opposing forwards were dribbling over the line. The home team were awarded a free kick, and from Seddon's kick Gill almost got over the full back again saving. Millom were kept on the defensive. Seddon then took the ball over tho line, but lost the try. Gill almost completed the effort by falling on the ball, but one of the visitors kicked dead. Hodg- son made a good run for Millsm, and transferred play to the Recs.' 25. At half-time nothing had been scored. After the restart Mill= got a try, which Buckett con- oared into a major point. Final result :—Millornlgoal, St. Helens Recreation nil. WARRINGTON RECELSIORS v. ROCKDALE RANGERS IST. —This match was played at 'Rochdale in wretched weather, and the ground was in a condition totally unfit for an exhibition of good football. The Rangers started against a strong wind, Chapman replying to centre. A neat punt by Stacey relieved his side, but a passing movement, in which Forster, Griffiths, Mannion, and Daniels took part, saw the latter running in a grand try, the place kick being a failure. A o sooner had the loather been dropped out than Gibson ran in another try, after another bit of grand passing, and Raybold followed suit a minute later. Mannion kicking a goal. Half-time was called, the visitors leading by one goal, three tries to nil. In the second half Warrington had matters pretty much their own way, and Gibson (2) and Daniels again scored tries, the former converting his first. At the call of time Warrington had won by two goals six tries to nil.

Morals " A " v. RWNCORN Recs.—The above teams met on Saturday. on the Widnes ground. Widnes started the game with a strong wind against them. The Recs saved, and at once pressed the home boys. When the game had been in progress about three minutes the visi- tors got over the line, but the attempt to improve the score was in vain. At half-time the score stood Recrea- tion three points, Widnes nil. On play being resumed the oval was at once rushed down the -field by the che- micals, and kept within a yard off home for upwards of a quarter of an hoar, when H. Peters get poseession,and ran over, but the kick was futile. Owing to the strong wind successful passing was entirely out of the question so the spectators had to be satisfied with scrimmages. Casey picked the leather LID and was successful in scor- ing, but the attempt at goal was fruitless. At the call of time the Widnesians were victors by six points to three. ULTERSTON T. WIDNRS.—At Ulverston. The home team forced the play at the start, and Whittaker scored two tries, Lewis converting. Half-time score :—Ulvers- ton, two goals; Widnes, nothing. In the , latter half Ulverston had as much of the game as Widnes till near the close, when Derbyshire got a try for Widnes, the kick failing. Final score :—Ulverston, two goals' • Widnes, one try.--Widnes are now fourth on the second division of the Lancashire League, while Clversten head the list.

Sr. PETRRS A. v. PARISH CEHRCH.—PIayed on Satur- day, and resulted in a victory for St. Peters by three goals to one.

LIVERPOOL JUNIOR LEAGUE.

RUNCORN " A " TURBROOK " A."—These teams met on Saturday afternoon, on the Irvvell-lane enclosure in the Liverpool Junior League competition. Although the

home team was greatly weakened by the call upon them to supply the vacancies caused by the county match at Birkenhead, they carried all before them. Their oppon- ents had namely a look in from the commencement to the close of hostilities. The game is shown oy the result, namely, Runcorn" A," six goals, six tries ; Tue- brook, nothing.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
I ~ ': c • - . , ... .. . ~ , . -.4.• 'Serf.. "711114", t.. IN& •.. , ' Atle4 Nati; Nenitlie g

t. • 'HL_

NEWTON PETTY SESSIONS

SATURDAY. —Before Colonel McCorquodale (chairman), Messrs. T. J. Gillespie, R. Stone, T. D. Grimke-Dray- ton, and J. L. Wood. UNMUZZLED DOGS.—George Waywell, Haydock-st,and Alfred Duffy, were fined for allowing their dogs to be at large unmuzzled. D RUNICENNESS. —John Hindley, Newton, was fined 2s. 6d. and costs for this offence.

CHIMNEYS ON FIRE.—John Welsloy and Edward State, of Newton. were each fined 35.6 d. for having their chim- neys on fire. FOOTILILL PLAYING IN THE PUBLIC STREETS,— Hugh Pritchard, Charles Dickens, and James Kilpuy, were each charged that on January 13, they played football in the streets of Newton. Sergeant Longworth said that the three defendants were playing football near the Market Place, and the ball went sometimes into Oxford- at., and Haydock-at. Witness got the assistance of two constables, and got the hall.—Pritchard was asked if he had any questions to ask the officer, but he replied that it was no use asking the officer any questions, what ho had said was not true.—The bench tAd him he would have to withdraw the statement, and ordered him to stand down, and they would decide his case afterwards. —The other two defendants said that they did not know they were breaking the law, and liiipoy was ordered to pay costs, aud Dickens was fined 2s. 6d. and costs. after the remaining cases had been beard, the magistratts fined Pritchard ss. and costs. _ - _

POACHER-S.—Robert Jones, Wm. Jones, and John Cf)t- ting, were charged with trespassing on a field in tha occupation of 11,ujamin Pierpoint on January 21st, in search of conies. Mr. Stuart.who prosecuted, said that on Sunday night, Watkins, in the employ of Lord New- ton, and two men nativd Marklancl and Berry, went to the land of Mr. Pierpoint, and on looking across the fields, they saw the defendants stepping over the fences. They went after them, an apprehended them, and found in their possession, some nets used for catching rabbits. On Sunday night, a ferret was taken out of the hedge. Defendants were fined 10. s. and costs. SHORT WFIGHT ix BREAD.—lierlry Taylor, Golborne, was tined ss. and costs for selling somo bread without weighing it. P.C. Callighan said that he bought a two lb loaf of bread from the defendant, and found that it was three ozs short of weight. No NAME ON Cat:T.—Patrick Maginn, Warrington, was charged that on January sth, being the owner of a

cart, he had no name upon it. Sergeant Longwortls said that the cart was at Newton en the above date in charge of a man. It was used by the postal authorities. —The defendant said that it was by some mistake that the cart was out and the magistrates dismissed the case on payment of costs. ALLEGED POACHING.—James Hayes, Golborne, was charged with unlawfully entering upon land in the occu pation of Benjamin Pierpoint, in pursuit of game, on Jan. 20. Mr. Stuart who prosecuted add that on the morning of the above, the keeper Watkins in company with a man named Squires went into the lane leading from Golborna to Ashton Heath. They hid themselves and on looking across the fields saw some men engaged in beating the fields for game. They saw the defendant at the gete with a net ready to catch the game. Wat- kins came up to the defendant who commenced to be abusive. He got his name and address and reported him. The other men got away.—The defendant admit- ted tkat he was in the lane at the time, but said that he never went past the gate, so that he never trespassed upon the land.—Mr. Stuart contended that the gate was on the land and therefore he was amenable te the law. —The magistrates however, dismissed the case. A WRONGLY WORDED Sl7l/MONS.—Wm. Nill, and Solo- mon Hindley, Winwick, were charged with poaching on the land of Robert Stone, on the 18th inst, Henry Squires gave evidence in support of the charge when Mr. Stuart who represented the defendants said that the summons was wrongly worded, as it should have been land in the possession of the executors of the late Thos. Stone. The case was adjourned until the next sessions day.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
THE FXAMINER, SATURDAY, FEBR UAR Y 3, 1894.

FOOTBALL.

114.* Secretaries of Football Clubs are requested to note that reports of matches played on Saturday must be sent to the head office, Bewsey-street. Warrington, not later than ten o'clock on Wednesday morning.

GEORGE G. BIISSBY and Co. are leading makers of Footballs, Hockey, Golf, and requisites for Sports, Games, and Gymnasia. Catalogue may be had on application to the Sports Manufactory, Peckham, London, S.H. BEST <CLB ft BRA2W.

RUGBY.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
DARESBURY PETTY SESSIONE.

TCTESDAY.—Before Mr. H,Neild (chairman), and Mr. H.

Tal bot.

• AN ETECTIKENT ORDER.—Mr. John Mclntyre, agent for the Belmont Estate applied for an ejectment order against John Ashley, a gangnr on the Ship Canal, who occupies a cottage at Stockton Heath. The order was granted. IRREGULAR SCHOOL ATTENDANCE.—Mrs. N. Stapleton, Walton, was again brought t p charged with neglecting to send her children regularly to school. The case was adjourned at the November Sessions to give the defend- ant another opportunity of sending them to school. As the children had attended regularly since, the case was dismissed. Mr. Jenkins, school attendance officer prose- cuted.

DO(1 OWNERS FlNED.—William Rogerson, Warrington, was charged with allowing his dog to be at large at Seven Oaks, on the 10th January. The evidence showed that the collar was without the name and address of the owner engraved upon it. The slefendan': also gave the officer a wrong address. He was fined ss. and costs.— James Bradford, farmer, was fined 2s. 6d. and costs for allowing his dog to be at larze at Little Leigh on the 21st December.

CHARGE OF WIFE ASSAULT.—Janes Buckley, Mill Bank, Stockton Heath-, was charged with having on the 27th December, assaulted and beaten his wife Sarah Buckley. Mr. Herbert Woods, solicitor represented the complainant, and Mr. A. Browne. solicitor, appeared for the defendant.—Mr. Woods stated that when the defend- ant came home for tea On the date named he told his wife she was drunk. Mrs. Buckley denied the Imputa- tion, and the defendant struck her on the heed and knocked her to the ground. The complainant after- wards picked up a cup of tea and threw the contests in the defendant's face. The defendant used very foul language, and again knocked her down in the passage, nearly stunning her. She afterwards went to Sergeant Booth, and the defendant went to the Red Lion Inn. Two persons were in the house at the time of the assault, Mrs. Backnouse and a servant. —Mrs. Buckley corrobor- ated Mr. Woods' statement. At this stage of the pro- ceedings a compromise was come to, the defend ant agreeing to a separatioa order, and the defendant to have one of the three children, and to pay 12s. 6d. per week towards his wife's maintenance.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS.

MONDAY.—Before Sir Richard Brooke,Messrs. A. Thomas F. J. Norman, and S. Taylor. LICERSING.—A temporary license was granted to Henry Barnes to sell at the beerhouse, the Shamrock, Mersey-st., lately occupied by Alfred Baker. PROPLER LILNOITACIR.—Henry Lydiate, Surrey-st., was summoned for usinz obscene and abusive language in Regent-st., on the 21st inst.—He was fined 103. A DISORDERLY Housic.—Ellen Moran, of Back Mersey- st., was summoned for keeping a disorderly house on Jan. 22nd. T.S. Gosling gave evidence and stated that he had previously cautioned the defendant. A fine of 103. and costs 83. 61. was imposed, or in default 14 days' imprisonment.—A warrant was issued ageing Jessie Woods tor being associated with the same affence. DEMNYENNHSB.—For this offence Samuel Williams, Village Inn, Halton, John Edward Jones, Lock-st., and Mary Ann Glover, Mersey-st., and James Molyne aux, were each fined.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
EGG TRADE REVELATIONS

1,500 EGGS FOR FIVE SHILLINGS.

Some startling statements were made to Mr. Mead, magistrate, at the Thames Police Court on Wednosday, when a man applied for a summons for assault. He stated that on Monday he bought 1,500 eggs of the man whom he wished to summons for ss.,but when he reach- ed home he found they were putrid. He took them back, but the man refused to return the money or allow anything for them, but instead he broke all of them ex- cept 600, aad the stench in the shop was something fear- ful.—Mr. Mead : Did you examine the eggs before you bought them ? Applicant : No, sir. They are what we call " spots," half good and half bad.—The Magistrate : What do you do with these eggs F—Aphlicant : Sell them to confectioners. Six hundred egns that were not broken applicant took to the vestry and they were con- demned.—Mr. Mead said he could do nothing In the mat- ter. Applicant had no right to buy bad eggs. Hethow- ever, granted a summons for alleged assault, and hoped the vestry would take proceedingt.

RUPTURE CURED.—S. J. SHERMAN, Hernia Specialist, 64, Chancery-lane. London, sends his book on rupture post free. Branch Chambers: 26, King-st., Manchester.—Advt.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
ASSOCIATION.

RUNCORN v. WIDNES.—This match was played at Wid- nes, on Saturday. The visitors won the toss and played up hill, a strong cross wind blowing. From the start Runcorn had all the game, and after a sharp bit of work Douglas scored. After 20 minutes' play the game was abandoned owing to the weather, at the request of the visitors, the horns captain agreeing on condition that the game be called a draw. Arrangements will be made to play the game again later in the seasoa. Runoorn were again without Blooer and Peacock. WARRINGTON BASEBALL RESBRVB v. ST. MARY'S ASSOCIATION.—This match was played on the ground of the former and resulted in a win for the visitors. For the winners Richardson (2) Gibbons (1) were the scorers and for the homesters, Hayes (2) result :—St. Mary's Association, 3 goals ; Baseball Reserve, 2 goals._

„ , • ORFORD CRBSCHNT v. FARNWORTH C.E.T.S.—This match was played at Faraworth on Saturday. Owing to the heavy gale of wind and sleet good play was out of the question, but what game there was proved that if the elements had been favourable the home team would have had their work cut out. Both teams had hard lines in not scoring. No score was made for either club.

WAIIIIINGTON V. ECCLBS.—This important fixture was brought off on the Cricket Ground, Arpley, on Saturday. The Warrington oaptain lost the toss, and the visitors were assisted by the wind during the first half, and scored twice, although the home backs, especially Con- nor and Mather, were playing a fine defensive game. The Warrington forwards also managed to put in a goal during this half from the foot of Norman. On changing ends the Warrington men quickly put on another goal, and then a bard struggle ensued, and shortly before the call of time Norman put on a third goal, the homesters therefore winning by three goals to two. The strong wind and heavy rain prevailing prevented a good dis- play of football.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
THE CZAR'S LOVE OF PEACE.

The health of the Czar continues to improve, the lung symptoms having disappeared. The sudden and serious illness of His Majesty caused something appreaching to consternation at Vienna' where (as we learn from the "Times" correspondent) he is "looked upon as the mainstay of European peace." The reports from the Austrian capital as to the Czar's love of peace have not always been so confident, each recurring springtime bringing with it a crop of rumours of the " massing " of Russian armies OR the Galician and Polish frontiers and ominous rumours from St. Petersburg. The "Times" correspondent, however, now says it is generally be- lieved in Vienna that "if we have hitherto been spared the incalculable calamity of a European war it is quite as much due to the disposition of the Emperor of Russia as to the various combinations existing amongst some of the Great Powers." The Czar, we are further told. "conceived a horror of war during the Russo-Turkish campaign. On the field of battle, when surrounded by the dead and wounded, when he had all the unutterable suffering and agony oi thousands under his eyes, he formed an immutable resolve that during his own reign there should be no war if he could avoid it. His strong will has served him well in this noble purpose. None of hts entourage ventures to mention war in his presence." All this would be very satisfactory if we could place ab- solute reliance upon it.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
A REFUGE FOR MILITIAMEN.

The Clerk of the Rolls of the Isle of Man gave judg- ment on Wednesday in the case in which the War Office asked for a mandamus against certain justices of the island who had reiused to issue a summons against a militiaman who had failed to attend the annual training of his regiment in this country. the magistrates holding that as the Militia Act, 1882. was not declared on the face of of it to be applicable to the Isle of Man they had no jurisdiction. The learned Judge went into the cOn- tentiens of bygone centuries on the question of the ,is- land's exemption from the operation of general statutes of Parliament—quoting Coke, Seldon, Blackstone, and the rest of the authorities—and decided that, t‘ no mat- ter what inconvenience might be caused by tbe deci- sion," the Manx justices were right in the course which they had pursued, and that the application of the War Office must be dismissed.

The " Illustrated Church News" has an article on the "Pattern Public-house." This is situated at Hoar Cross, in the neighbourhood of Burton-on-Trent, and the pub- lican is no other than a member of the peerage,the Hon. Frederick Wood. SHE USYS THE RIGHT SoAp.—Hudson's Soap saves her clothes. Anything washed with Hudson's Soap is thoroughly washed, therefore remains much longer clean.—A .pure Dry Soap in fine powder.—Advt. (1

The latest addition to the religious sects of America is a small band of fanatics who have withdrawn entirely from " the world" to live for forty days at a time •.,n erackers and claret exclusively.

In cases of well-developed consumption the wonderful strength-giving properties of Scott's Emulsion are clearly shown. Consumptives often prolong life foryears with Scott's Emulsion when their physicans say there is no other hope When taken at the beginning of lung troubles Scott's Emul- sion prevents consumption. Chemists sell it. 2s, 6d. and 4s. 6d.—(18)

===== 0002601_18940203_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
. C)•voil :1441, rit4o.# II 1ø• . _ We%

. • I C I , .• . . . • ~„.. _ .

r-11 •,

'

===== 0002601_18940203_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND THE ISOLATION HOSPITALS ACT, 1893.

The Town Clerk (Mr. J. Lyon Whittle) has pre-: pared a report on the above Act, a summary ot which will be read with interest when the recent small pox epidemic is taken into consideration. The Act does not apply to any borough containing ac cording to the last census, a population of 10,000 or upwards without the consent of the Council. IV enables the Council of every county to provide no isolation hospital in any district within their county for the reception of patients suffering from infectious diseases. Before the County Council will proceed, cer- tain formalities have to be gone through. In the firs place an applieatien by petition must be made by one or more locA authorities in the county. The County Council then consider the petition, and, if satisfied that a prima facia case is made out, they cause a local in- quiry to be made as to the necessity for the es- tanlishment of an isolation hospital. The County Color oil may, however, cause their medical offieer to make an inquiry, and if he reports that an isolation hespiti!l ought to be established they may proceed as if a petl7 boa had been presented. Due notice must be given et the Inquiry. Any Local Authority objecting to be in' eluded within any Hospital District may appeal to the Local Government Beard, whose decision will be conclusive. If the County Council determine upeo the constitution of a Hospital District, theY must then appoint a Hospital Committee,. which will act under regulations, as to election, rotation and qualification which the County Council may make, sod will have all such powers of acquiring land, providing hospital, and managing and maintaining the same a 4 •the County Council may delegate to them. The CouritY Council will retain the power of inspecting any hospital, and of raising money by loan for the purpeses of the hospital. A Hospital Committee will be a separate authority, having perpetual succession and a common seal under such name and style as may be c•,nferred Ott it by the County Council, with power of acquiring is.bu by purchase or otherwise, uithout licence in mortmar• The County Council may invest a local authority sost.h all the powers of aßospital Committee, where the hosPi- tal district is wholly, or as to the greater part, under the jurisdiction of such local 'authority. The nonclud: ing paragraph of the Town Clerk a report reads as f°`" lows You will remember that we approached the County Council on the subject of their providing small" pex hospitals in the country, and that our repres, Mons were made the subject of a report by the Count,' Medical Officer of Health, and that, subsequently, th,e measure which we are now considering was introduce" into Parliament. No decisive steps have yet bpon taken to provide a permanent hospital for the protection of the borough against a recurrence of smallpox. If it is eon' sidered advisable to make an application to the Ceunt.Y Council under this Act, it perhaps would facilitate tine action of the County Council if we invited all adjoining authorities within a radius of say five miles to en-OPo.. ate in the application. In order to secure protection 9ri all sides, it may be necessary to request the Cheshire County Council to apply the Act to the districts adjoin- lug the south side of the borough."

THE UNEMPLOYED QUESTION..

FORCIBLE " RESUMPTION " OF TFIE. LAND. The inhabitants of a town in the province of Sevilla "resolved "a few days ago to take possession of the land belonging to private owners near the town,. and thg " resolution " was duly carried out: The land 10/1 divided by lot, and everything was going on well• the troops and notice appeared on the scene and arregt,e.e: the" leaders of the people" and restored the land to•": owners. The Governor of Cadiz states in a report to t•l3° Ministry that in his district thousands of peoplear° • "tramping about in a starving condition."

===== 0002601_18940203_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
RAILWAY TIME TABLE.

FEBRUARY. FROM WARRINGTON TO

Acton Bride-7 10, 7 35, 8 28, 10 45, 1 42, 2 35, 5 15, 5 35, 23. Sundays 10 15. Aintree - 7 12, 16,a38, a 9 10. Sundays 9 40, 25, V 35 s Stops if required. Altoar and Hillhouse-7 12, all 15.1 6. a 3 8, a 4 0,a6 33. Sun- -43,Y8 9 40, 2 5.8 35. a Stops if required. Birmingham (L & N.-W.) a 3 23, 735. 950. 12 3, 1 50, 3 58, 728, 11 35. Sundays 2 57. 10 15, 4 40, 11 35. a Mou- *AY& only. MrrainZham (Midland)-6 14. 9 32, 11 55, 12 55, 3 20, 60, 11 52. Sundays 11 45, 4 25,5 15 p.m. Ihackburn-*240, 520. 5 45, 8 35. 9 5,11 40. 12 35, 2 25,3 48, 6 28, 8 44. Sundays 843, 6 0. *Saturdays Excepted. Slackpool_s 45, 835. 955, 105, 11 40,12 35, 2 25, 3 48, 6 21, ' 17, 8 47. Sundays 2 40, 843 60. Ikaton-5 4D,s 25, 10 15, 12 35, 3 20, 348. 6 25, 9 10. 'und.9.s s 8 43, 60, 6 0. Carlisl -2 40, 5 20, 5 45, 10 5, 11 40, 2 25, 3 48. Sundays 2 40, 3 35! Chester-7 42. 95. 10 23, 12 7, 12 15, 1 40, 1 50, 3 17, 432, U. 6 4,742, 10 14, 11 32. Sundays 8 44, 7 45,11 32. Collins Green-7 10, 8 20, 10 5, 12 7, 12 35, 3 30, 3 48, 65, 6 1,,a. 78, 9 10, 10 20. Sundays 8 43, 60. s'rewe-a2 57, b 3 23, 7 10, 7 35, 828, 950, 10 45, 12 1, 1 42, ..‘.34, 311, 515. 728, 11 35. sundays 257, 10 15, 4 23, 11 35. 4 c*ldays excepted. Blondays only. 441,reabury-7 42, 9 5, 12 15, 150. 3 17, 5 11,6 4, 7 42, 10 14. '4u'laYs 8 44, 745 I,..aerby (Midland)-6 14, 9 59, 11 55, 12 :55, 3 20, 50, 11 63. i ',rays 11 45 a.m., 4 25 p.m. 4-,iarß liiestown 7 10, 8 2J, 8 35, 10 5, 12 7, 12 35. 3 bO, 40, 5 6-, 6 10.7 8, 9 10, 10 20. Sundays 8 35, 4 56, 60, 46. s Udinblrgh-240, 520. 9 55, 11 40, 1235, 2 25, 3 48, 10 15. 1tu.443'11 240 9 45. 2.os.ddler's Ferry Sc Penketh -7 38 8 25, 100. 11 48, 1 29, p . 512,6 17 80, 948. Sundays •;48, 240. 750. -r°(lstia 4` 10 23, 1 50, 3 17. 5 11. 64, 7 42. 1 548'-`,. stonin(C-Oe- sh"i're Line,)-7 12, 7 56, 8 37, 96, 10 40, 12 0. 0, 529. 610, b 7 0, 80. c 9 30, dlO 15, 11 39. Sun- ': 92. 9 55, 11 25, 2 32, 75, 9 18, 10 10. dSaturdays '4l' • 'it 11111 5 di' tes later on Saturdays. cSaturdays ex- %med. tins gow-2 40, 520, 9 55, 11 40, 12 35. 2 25, 3 48, 10 15. Ye 240 945. 11)0rne-5 45. 7 10, 8 35, 1040, 12 35, 3 48, 5 35, 7 17. •14'''. Sundays 8 43, 60. 59-“:41g11 Green-7 12,? 56,8 37,9 5,a9 30,10 40,12 0,1 5, 2 5,4 0, 27,, 10, 633. b 7 0,8 0, 8 37, c 9 30, alo 15. Sundays 90, 11 25, 14', 918. amondays and Saturdays only. Minns 5 minutes Tr,_°ll Saturdays. cSaturdays excepted. uurk. and cadishead (Central)-7 0, 755, 821, 70, 105. ..%Y8 8 56, 10 17. 3 17. 5 15, 7 18, 9 28. 15-d44.nord-From Arpley Station-7 22. 80,9 0, 9 58, 40, 1 16, 238, 4 14, 5 18, 613. 78, a 7 45, 9 8. -4(143's 8 50, 3 8. 8 18. aSaturdays only. Live 12 7 , rPool (L. & N.-W.)-5 25, 7 10, 8 20, 8 35, 105, 10 3D, 121' 20, 2 40, 55, 6 10, 78, 10 20. Sundays 5 20, 7 35, 8 43, 56• 6 0 9 45. From F High Level Platform. , 114 R e,rtool (From Low Level Platform)-7 38. 8 25, 1) 0, 29, 3 29,5 12, 6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays 8 48, 2 40, 7 50. 50-OerPoo,, 1 (Cheshire Liqes)-a429, 5 30, b 6 25, 7 12.7 b,837, 115' 95, 9 50, 10 24, 1050, 1150, 120, 1235, 12 50, 12 57. Rl,„s°, 25, 250, 332 350, 40, 450, 529, 5 53, 6 10, 44 ‘") 4 , 7 0, 7 50, 8 0, 8 50,9 5, 9 18, 10 10,10 45, alllo, 11 39 1.1 irYs 430, 5 30, 4 9 0 9 55, 11 25, 220, 232, 75, 8 30, 9 18, 4.110 n aExcep6fondays. &Mondays only. (L. & N.-W.)-a2 57,63 23.7 35. 9 50, 10 45, 12 3, 148, ilty,;"o, 5 15, 11 35. Sundays 2 57,10 15, 420, 11 35. aMon- -I,excePt.ed. b Mondays only. Odoss (Midland)-6 14, 9 59, 1139. 12 55, 3 20, 58, 11 53. I:`,*ls 11 45 a.m., 4 25 p.m. 414."1, nl-7 22, 8 0, 9 0, 9 58, 10 49, 12 40, 1 16, 2 38, 18. 6 13, 78, a 7 45, 98. Sundays 8 50, 38, 8 13. kZdaYB only. From Arley Station. 104,7•thester (L. X; N.-W.)-2 45, a 4 45, 545, 7 10, 8 25, 919, 154.12 14, 20, 320, 421, 440, 535, 65, 717. 8 33, 9 18, %LI% tindays 2 45, 7 40, 8 43, 50,6 0, 7 47, 8 33. allondays rrom High Level Platform. 1557,ch ester (From Bank Quay Low Level Platform)-7 20, 11.17,' 7, 8 55, 10 46, 114, 2 35, 4 12, 6 10, 75,95, 11 40. Sun- -8 46, 3 5. 8 15, 11 40. 1 2Linchester (Cheshire Lines)--7 0, 755, 8 21, 8 55, 90, 455'.71,..,0 55, 11 25, 11 55, 1255, 155, 255, 3 55, 4 55, 5 55, !fid t-)5, 8 12, 8 55, 9 55, al° 0, 10 5, all 10, 1150. Sunday. s), ,10 17 35, 317 515 7158 55 9 55, 10 10. aSatur- - , f )41,4 y ko,evvich-7 35, 10 45. 2 35, 5 35, 728. 35, 1 42,2 35, 535, 7 28. Sundays 10 15. ,91-le-Willows -2 45, a 4 45, 5 45, 7 10, 8 35, 9 19, 15-;V 420: " 40, 1214, 12 35. 3 48, 421, 6 25,7 17, 833, 9 10, 10 15, Sundays 2 45, 7 40, 8 43, 3 35, 50, 60, 7 47, 945. Iz, only 14544Aate-7 0, 755, 821, 1027, 1227, 217, 527, 70, 830, n 'undays 8 56 10 17, 3 50, 515, 928. -2 40. 5 20, 5 45, 8 35, 9 55, 10 5, 11 40, 12 35, 45.• 48,6 21, 7 17, 8 47, 10 15. Sundays 2 40, 8 43, 3 35, 60, • 45.-Bate--7 0, 7 55. 8 21, 1027, 12 27, 2 17, 5 27, 7 0, 8 30, r b Sundays 8 56, 10 17, 3 50, 5 15, 9 28. z eef_ e„'"'"'-2 40, 5 20, 5 45, 8 35, 9 55, 10 5, 11 40, 1335, 225, 945. 21, 7 17, 8 47, 10 15. Suudays 2 40, 8 43, 3 35, 60, kla 98. neorn-7 38, 8 25, 100, 11 48, 1 29, 3 20, 5 12, 6 17, 80, Bs.o, 268: .••,.Y (for Penketh)-7 53, 9 5, 10 0, 11 0, 12 0, 1 6, 2 5, 1125: 5 29, 6 10, 70,80, a 9 30, blO 15,10 45. Sundays 90, 9 18. aSaturdays excepted. bdaturdays only. St. S. rlB--5 25, 710. 8 20, 835, 10 5, 127, 12 35, 3 30, 348, 8, 9 10, 10 20. Sundays 8 35, 60, 9 4:). 11.4t31)1:'°,t rt• (Cheshire Lines)-? 12, 9 0, a 9 39, 10 40, 1115. last 40, 53, 6 33, 9 10, Sundays 9 40, 2 5, 8 50, Th4et,claYB only. :;vllll-7 z& 8 0. 9 0, 9 58, 10 49, 1240, 1 16. 2 38, 4 14, 'l3. 78. a 7 45,9 8. Sundays 850 3 8 818. a Satur- i',„B. only. From Arpley Station ,74113,ea,.( L. aild N.-W-) -735, 8.25 10 0114819 3 20 6 17, 80, 9 48. Sundays 8 48;2 40,7 50. 2 z :Yidnes (Che.hire Lines) -156, 9 5, 10 0, 11 0, 120, 1 5, ,L 0.12 _6B, 40,529, 6 10. 70, tit:l 0, 910, a 9 30 blO 15 Z'Y 90, 9 40, 2 32. 9 18, aSaturdays excepted'. bSat.ur dSauyns- '4lF. z ,IYigan -2 40, 523,545, 7 10, 835, 9 55, 11 0, 11 40, 12 35. 325.3 48, 5 35, 621, 7 17, 8 47, 10 15. Sundays 2 40, 6 13, '5, 6 0, 9 45.

TO WARRINGTON FROM . Ise keton Bridge-6 33, 7 4,5, 8 52, 11 40, Sundays 7 53, 4 32. 38, 436, 6 44, 829, 1 g,flatree-9 29, 1 SO, 7 28, 10 4. Sundays 9 35, 914 1 16 7 18, 2 41, 8 31. 1 5 4.ltcar and Hillhouse- . • 9 49• Sundays 9 20, ' `2B 817 . . tir a, mingham (L. & N.-W,)-1115 310, 60, 7 20, 90, 11 30, '25. Sundays 1115, 310 12 15, 70. (11idland)- , 0; 11 30, 1 23, 2 40, 5 45, q ptrrniughan. 45. blO 30, 11 19. bunday6s 54' 8 5 30, a.m., 40. 11 19. blixcept ~ 8 aourn-8 33. 50• 10 55,1245, , 'Qndays 8 0, 5 40,2 4,3 13, 6 30, 755, 10 15. tlaek 71,, Pool (Talbot Road)- 1 40 5 15, 8 40. 8 12, 8 47. 9 55, 1 20, 3 5, 5 25, .. 8 35, 10 0. Sundays 7 25. ,_ -- 10 25, 1 20. 2 50, Black I se _Pool (Central)-8 0, 1 20 4 55, 8 50. 8 27. 8 56, 9 55, 8 15. Sundays 7 10. • ..,o1 7,, ton-5 45. lzarna ndaYs 8 20 80, 8 40, 10 35.12 35, 1 20, 2 25, 4 20. 5 13, . 6 10, 9 20 P.m. Cl ' -,4• 1 43, 4 22, R . 0-6 SJ, 8 40, 12 .5 rn.. 841 12 10 m• 1140,125,210 5 38, 8 41. Sundays '.l.l4este ' P' 940 10 12, 11 5, 0, 7 25, 8 45, ,n sflndaya 20.6 30 6 50. -y, 3 4,5, 55, 5 30, 6 35. 7 35, 8 ''' n 9, 12 39, 1 4, 1 43, 2 10, qollins Greeu-6 39, 7 16, 8 42. 1..• Sundays 8 1 '. 7 15. 35 28, 6 23, 7 47. 9 18' 11 5, 11 10, 150, 2 , ' erewe-2 3 4 4' 6 0 6 40, 8 /3. 9 20, 0 2 35, 4 0, 9 12• 4%65.85:93e' ' 2 3 10 40. 442, 7 1 •,„ pt 13 Suudays tla, Sundays • 47, 5 48, ‘, • 721, .rburY-8 16, 10 17, 11 43, 2 Za74-8 15, 1020, 1 10, 35, 350, 4 , 45- , 7 0, 8 3, al2 35, ~,a,rl• 3undays 7 30,6 18, 6 50, 3 33' ahxcept Mondays. 1 11 29, 12 50, 4 •q „Mown-6 59. 7 20. 8 42, 9 29. 9 _ _„ IZ 49, 10 13, , 10 50. Sundays Ise 47, 215 9. 5 10, 5 53, 6 30, 8 38. O. aSaturdays only. 6 0 9 10. r4i nbu,rgh-10 20, 20.6 0, 9 10. Sundays ' 17 3 27, 6, (Idler a Ferry & Penketh-7 12, 11;657. Sundays 8 32, 2 57, '. ' ~ ,q, 95,9 b .4,3: 12 28, 2 , nrodsharn-7 38, 9 3, 11 27, 2 32, 1Z184.8t4:41 (Cheshire Lineo-5 54, 7 50. '',-. 3, 11 21. Sun- -4 7, 6 19. rO,-, 9 50. 54. 58, 556, 657, u '‘,,,.” 40, 3 17. 4 42, 6 51, 8 41. 95. 10 48, 'flasgow-1010, 20, 5 50, 95, Sundays 5 50. 9 1 535, 820, , Guth° 1, rne-6 44, 8261022 12 28, 1 54, 2 41, 442. Sundays 9 40, 75. - ' Ron h 2 21, 255. 3 19, 4, g Green-8 3, 10, 10 3, 1 14, 1 54. __ _ ~,„ r . 1, 5 23,6 7, 7 11.7 37, 9 18. Sundays 8 37, 9 20, 3 31, 455 z o op 8 52, ilTana and Cadishead (Ueni ral)-6 50. 738, 956, Li?: B'l7l'l43's 10 59, 650 8 35. 9 55. 10 tchford-8 13, 8 40, 932 10 16, 1117, 120, al 45. 2 13. da s 8 33, Z 34.722,4 65 46. 6 7, 6 49, 7 49, 9 42, 1127. Sun. Y /.1',„:"•.% asaturdays only, bSaturdays excepted 9 20, 11 50, 11, v`rpeol (uta Earlet,town)- a 2 65, 60, 8 0, 3), 9 20, 75. 8 35, 10 5, *ll 15. Sundays 7 03,Iondays only: *Saturdays only. 2 40,, 4 20, i ;IQ Widnes-6 25. 850 9 5 10 5. 12 30, 1 30, _ '0 65,810 10 ' ' ' 45 2 10, 720. 10 45. _ . • 45. Sundays 7 . 8 40 8 43, 9 30, I go7erPool (C 10 45, 6 10,7 30, 8 30, '- Au 1 50, 20. 10 30, 11 20, 11 30, 11 55. 12 30, 12 40, 1 - • 730 8 0, 43044045'5 30 5 36 6 30, 6 35, ~ ..,, Qu 840' ' ' ' ' 8090, -6 ou, IR, . , 9 SO, alo 45, 11 0, 11 30. Sundays • Saturdays 420, 630830 8 33 9 M day 8 and 7. • , , 30 •a on 1-40°T-I" (1.• 30, 10. & N.-W.- ) 12 0, 5 15, 7 15, 10 1f) , 2 10, 1.! . O ali Sundays 10 0 a.m. 50,100, 12 0. ,5, Ir,9.thlon dland.)-5 15, 105, 1.2 0, 20, 40, 50, a,l ,y klundayfil 3 is, 12 0. a except Mondays irinatn-8 5, 8 32, 9 23, 10 8, 11 941 11. al 37, 9 - 5t2 50, , Izi• 65 38, 55e 6 41,3 41, 933, 11 19. Sun,laYs 825, o " 0 ''''' ota laattrrd 4(.1y, s IntilylvvbSaturdays excepted, 3 940 11 25, 15, loa5.1) 3 45, 4 25, 5 10, 7 )5-690207100' 40. s,Sundays 8 0, 6 0' Prom Exchange. ' . ' Of anchester 1 40 (London-road)-7 15, 750, 925, 1035, 12 35, 40, b 5 5, 5 20, 65, 75, 8 55, 10 45. Sundays !O. , 6 40. ,tSa,u,,l -eYs etilY. bSaturdays excepted' 'ltaanchester (Cheshire 10 45. 11 30 Lines)-6 39, 648, 7 20, 3 30, a 9 5, 5 30, 610 630 7 30, 830 . 12 30, 12 45, 1 30, 230, 330, 430 , , . 9 50, 050 , 915, 9 30. 1040, 1 40. 20, 2 , 11 0. Sundays and Satur,lays only 5, 6al 30, 8 15, 9 35. all°n- . "tiddlewich-6 68 11 37, 2 42, 61. koore--7 0,9 6, 11 55, 320 '450, 657, S 15 448 undays 8 , • , liB • 12 „non-le-Willows-6 55, 7 30, 8 35, 9 24, 10 8. 11 23, 11 52, 84'D, is, 3 3, 38, 835, 9 9, 9 65, 118. P'lays 9 49, 3 55, 7 20, 11 5. a and bSaturdays only. 8 O•dgate-7 51, 8 32, 855, 109,15, 1 25, 5 17,9 16. Sundays 11 20, 9 12. 2 4?ston, -a2 7. 5 50, 95, 9 39, 1115, 11 20, 12 15, 2 40, 10 5i4).0,4 25, 6 45, 7 59, 9 35.10 47, Sundays 2 7,8 35, 3 15,6 10. 6 114' "2 36. aMondays excepted. bYlonday mornings only. 2s ''eoris.-8 39, 919 13 15, 12 29, 1 30, 256, 440, 540. ' ,A„,_ • ' 131 I,•,ev (for Penketh)-8 14 8 41, 927 10 19, 11 24. 12 36, 3 si• 4 3.7. 3 44, 4 35. 5 18, 5 40, 622, 726, 934, :-.undays 849, t',b(c. Le.) 1 b 6 ,llelens-6 25, 7 0. 8 28, 9 15, 955 , 11 15. 1 ) 5. 1250, 1 30, 7 40'.4955, 3 50, 4 45, 5 15, 610, 720, 9 0. 1020. Sundays Nt,35, 6 55, 9 5. *Saturdays only. ' . 2 auPort (Lord 8 reet) 810, 90, 10 20, 1., 25 , , . utl 0. 2 10_ clay; 45, 'f 0, 85,a9 0, 933, Sundays 90, 2 5,8 0. a6at IN" 0111 y. . . 4 18"eli,a11-8 9, 836, 9 28, 10 12, 11 13,1 15, al 41, 29, 255, 2 26, 4'0'12, 63, 6 43, 745, 9 37, 11 23. Sundays 8 29. aSaturdays only. bSa.turdays excepted. 820 `pes (L. & N.-W.)-7 5, 8 53, 9 58 10, 2 33, 10,33. 12 , _ ..._ 'll 6'.' 3, 5 6 46, 8 50, 116. Sundays 824, 2 50, 1 b, Wid 2 27, arlos (Cheshire 12 Lines) 8 30. 9 16, 10 9, 11 12 25, 1 27, 5 0,9.4 25, 5 29,6 12, 7 16, 7 513, 9 25. Sunday,s 8 42. 3 36, WI" 7' , 12 15, 1 43. 2 30, a 2 36, 635, 6 33, 8 15, 9 31, 1010, 11 42 _ _ __ 60, 6 40, 8 10, 8 52, 10 30. Sundays 2 .56, u " 14, aUxoeut Mouthy' lelloutiays ocil,y.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0115.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
MIME

===== 0002601_18940203_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
I

EARLESTOWN AND NEWTON

THE REV. J. COTTA.

At the Baptist Ckurch, Earles town, on Sunday night, after the usual service, the Rev. J. Cottatn, pastor, announced that he had accepted an invita- tion to undertake the pastorate of the Baptist Church, at Wakefield. His transfer, however, will nct take place for about a couple of months, as he intends to remain in Earlestewn until the comple- tion of the sale of work in April next.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
GOOD TEMPLARY.

The usual weel'ili;es;i;i7of T,l-1-t; Hope of Earles- town Ladge of Good Templars, was held in the Co-operative Hall, Earlestown, on Monday even- ing. Bro. E. Morris, C.T., presided, and there was a good attendance of members. The officers were elected for the ensuing qoarterfaind will be instal- led next session. The programme for the evening was" Tit bits and Scraps," Bro. Wakefield being responsible. Short readings of an interesting character were given by several members.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
WARGRAVE CHURCH.

The annual teit—p—ait—y and concert usually given on Shrove Tuesday, in the Wargrave schools, will take place on Tuesday evening next, the proceeds to be devoted to the organ fund. Further particu- lars will be gathered from our advertisment columns.

EARLESTOWN WESLEYAN SUNDAY SCHOOL TEACHERS.

The annual tea meeting of the teachers ot the aoove school took place on Thursday evening in the Lecture Hall. After tea the evening was spent in games of various kinds, interspersed with singing. During the evening the plum cake annually given by Mr. Niolyneux was cut u D and handed round.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
MINSTREL ENTERTAINMENT, HATDOCI.

A minstrel entertainment was given in the Hay- dock National schoolroom, on Monday evening, by the Bank-st. (Warrington) Mission Amateur Min- strelm. The programme was of the usual character and the various items were rendered in true negro ..tyle, the humorous songs creating much amuse- ment. Mr. J. W. Jewett efficiently accompanied.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
LEVEL CROSSING ACCIDENT AT EARLESTOWN.

On Monday morning shortly after six o'cloce the large gate which divides the London and North- Western Company's line from Messrs. Evans and Company's private line, at the Haydock crossing was demolished by an engine running through it when closed. The signalman at the spot had opened the gate to allow the engine which belonged to Messrs. Evans and Co. to pass through, but it is supposed somebody must have closed it, and it being dark it was not noticed until the engine crashed into it, and reduced it to a wreck. NEWTON-LB-WILLOWS CHORAL SOCIETY.

The annual concert under the auspices of the above Society was given in the Town Hall, New- ton, on Wednesday evening, before a moderate audi- ence. The programme coasistcd of T. Mee Patti- son's tuneful and simple cantata "May Day " which was fairly well submitted, the soloists being Misses Percival, Kean, Turner, and Grace, Messrs. W.Turne:: and E.Grace. The remainder of the programme coit- sisted of songs,part songs and violin solos,by Messrs. W.Devereux, J.Lewis, W.Lyon, Misses L.Gorse, Per- cival, and Kean. The humorous songs were given by Mr. W. W. Whittle, of Warrington, but we must say, that they were hardly suitable to the occasion. Mr. E. Leyland accompanied throughout in his usual clever style, and Mr. P. Fairclough con- ducted.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
EMMANUEL CHURCH, WARGRA:VE.

A musical service was given in the above church, err Sunday afternoon by the choir and organist. There was a large congregation, who thoroughly enjoyed the treat provided. Several of these ser- vices have already been given, in aid of the fund for the reconstruction and completion of the organ, and so far they have been in every way a success. On Sunday an excellent programme was submitted and every item was gone through in a manner which reflected credit on ths organist and members of the choir. The following items were contributed: Choru' s "Behold the Lamb " ; air, "He was dis- pised,"Miss A. Molyneux ; organ solo "The Lost Chord." r. E. Leyland; air," Be thou faithful,"Mr. James N. ichols ; recitation. "Then shall the eyes," He shall feed his flock," Miss F'. Kean; rtcita- don. "For behold," air, " The penle that walked," Mr. George Wright; chorus, " For unto us ;" Sacred song, " Thou'rt passing hence," Mr. C. H. Lea; organ solo," Marche Militaire." PRIMITIVZ MIITHODIST MUTUAL IMPROVZMA NT

SOIREE AT THE MISSION HALL, In connection with the St. John's Sunday school teachers, a soiree was held in the Parochial Mission Hall, Earlestown on Monday evening. About 100 persons were present, and the arrangements were carried out by Mr. Lawless with the assistance of the teachers. Several songs were given during the evening by Miss Matthews and Miss A. Clarke, Messrs. Monks, Duke and Jones. Mr. Appleton and Mr. Week's supplied the instrumental music. Danc- ing was also indulged in,and a very pleasant evening was spent.

INDEPENDENT OUDEF, OF RECHABITES. The monthly session of the local order of the above was held in the Co-operative flail, Earles- town on Thursday evening, under the presidency of Bro. Ratcliffe, C.R. There was a large attendance of members. One new member was initiated, and another proposed. A visitor from Ashton Lodge was present, and gave an address showing that the Order was in a prosperous condition at Ashton, and complimented the Earlestown tent on the progress made during the last three years. The Secretary reported that the next district Council of the War- rington division was to be held at Earlestown.

SERIOUS ACCIDENT TO 1 CARTER AT EARLESTOWN. On Wednesday morning a man named William Okell, living in Legh-st., Earlestown, and employed on the farm of Mr. Alderson, Crow-lane, Newton, was very badly injured by being knocked down and run over. He had been carting some timber to nr. Fitzgerald's yard in Havdock-st.,and whilst unload- ing it, the hor>e started out of the yard. Okell ran to stop it, and in doing so the horse jammed him against the gate, and he fell, the cart wheel passing over his body. He was taken into the surgery of Dr. Valentine„when it was found he had two ribs broken, and was suffering much from shock. His injuries were attended to, and he was removed on the ambulance litter.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
SOCIETY.

The usual weekly meeting of the above Society was held on Monday evening in the Primitive Methodist schoolroom. The Rev. E. R. Davies pre- sided, and there was a large attendance. A paper was read by Mr. E. J. George, entitled "is the patronage of the theatre consistent with the pro- fession of Christianity r —The paper was an inter- esting one, and in the course of his remarks, the essayist said that in consequence of the position of several noted ministers of the present day, the church should have clear ideas, on the question. The question, " What were christi ans to do "? should be answered by saying—" anything that is right," and to the question "is it right to attend the theatre "? he would say "No "!—The argument used in favour of the theatre was that it taught moral lessons, but its supporters never said that it taught spiritual lessons. The great bulk of those places were demoralising. One pron3inent actor had made a statement to the effect that when actors went be- hind the scenes, they generally damned their souls. Habitual frequenters were hardly ever leaders in social, moral or christian work, und the theatre was the wrong place in which to gain moral lessons. The discussion which followed, was taken part in by Messrs. Garnett, Holleyock,Jackson,Hall, Clarke, Goodwin, Toombs, Dale, the Rev. E. R. Davies and Mrs. Holleyock.

FOREIGN MISSIONARY MEETING AT WARGRIVE. The annual meeting in connection with the Society for the propogation of the gospel in Foreign parts, was held in the Wargrave National schools on Monday evening. The Rev. J. Carson, rector, presided, but there was a very meagre attendance. The chairman in briefly introducing the Rev. Dean Scowell, Foreign Missionary, Madagascar, said that the collections during the year amounted to £7 188., which was made up of £4 Os. from the sermons, is. subscription, and the rest from the boxes. Rev. Dean Scowell, spoke at considerable lengt h,aud referred to the work he had accomplished in gett- ing the natives in Madagascar to attend any place of worship. He alluded to the building of the first church there which held about 6000 people, and gave an excellent description of the habits ot the people, of which there were about five millions and of these, three millions were of the Matable or Zulu nation. They had really no God,but worshipped a spirit of evil. While there be explored about 2000 square miles of country that was previously un- known. Madagascar was a splendid country, and if he could get 50 millions of people there to- morrow, they could give each three acres and two cows. In addition to the church of England Society, the Roman Catholic Society, and the french and Norwegians bad all worked very hard there in the cause.

• MISSIONARY MEETING AT NRWTON.

The annual meeting in aid of the Society for the Propagation of.. the Gospel in Foreign Parts, in connection with St. Peter's, Newton-in-Makerfield, was held in the Newton Town Nall, on Saturday evening, January 27th, instead of on Monday, the 29th, as previcusly announced. The change of day did not prove a judicious one, as there was not as large an audience as on former occasions. The pro- ceedings commenced by the singing of a hymn, prayer,and the reading by the Vicar of the amounts collected by those who had held missionary boxes for the past year. The total amount collected by this means realised the sum of £25 19s. 2d.—The Rev. W. Deans Cowan, for twelve years missionary in Madagascar, then gave some amusing incidents from his life among the natives, from the time he and his wife first landed among them—on what he termed their honeymoon trip—when they were to- tally ignorant of the language, until their depar= ture with five children, who, on landing in Eng- land could not ,Teak anything but the Madagascar tongue. At the conclusion Captain Royse, R.N., proposed a vote of thanks to the missionary for his address, and gave a touching story •of a fatal acci- dent to a sailor while their ship was lying off the island of Madagascar. The vote was seconded by Mr. Smith, Town Clerk of Wigan. A collection was afterwards taken in the room amounting to la 9s. 313.—The followiNg day sermons were preached in the church by the above. named missionary in aid of the Society, his text in the morning being Act xiv. 27, and that in the evenine. Isaiah lx. 22, from which, he gave two powerful ialdresses,telling of the difficulties and persecutions the first mis- sionaries to Madagascar experienced, and of the ul- timate triumph of their successors in civilizing and Christianizing a portion of the island. • The collec- tions during the day amounted to £8 6s. 2d.,rnaking with the amount collected in missionary boxes end the sum taken at the Town Hall, a total of £35

===== 0002601_18940203_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
TITE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1894.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
NORTIIWICII DIVISION LIBERAL • ASSOCIATION. RUNCORN POLLING DISTRICTS.

The annual meeting of the members of this Asso- ciation, in the Runcorn Polling districts was held in the Liberal Club on Tuesday night. Mr. A. R. Norraan presided, and there were present :—Messrs. T. Lea, G. Bellamy, J. R. Frith, J. Elliott, J. Stan- way, J. Arden, W. Jepson, Jolley, Johnson, Massey, J. Clark and A. Riley. The following officers were elected for Runcorn North ice presidents, Messrs. John Simpson, S. Taylor, J.P., James Hander, J.P., J. R. Frith, R. H. Posnttt ; chairman of Cornmi t Mr. W. Ockleston ; secretary, John Clarke ; execm e Committee, Messrs. T. Lea, J. M. Frith, G. Bellamy, Walter Millington; members of general Council, Rev. J. Simpson, Messrs. J. W. Boyle, S. Wobster, NV. Holt, J. Lea, R. Jones, John Shingler, J. Elliott, E. Kennedy, John Parker, John Quinn, John Bate, James Jolley, A. Antrobus, H. O'Neal, T. Taylor, P. Hewitt, R. Boyle, J. Booth, T. Cooke, S. M. Temperley, G. Thomas, J. Nancollis, jun., J. easkey, W. Shaw, J. Barton, J. Jones, D. Hughes, R. Hughes, C. Bestwicka. Cloak, J, J. Bowyer, Matthew Sweatmin, W. McNorton, J. Jones, R. Thomas, F. Clarke, J. Taylor, S. Tickle, E. Gatley, C. Lightfoot, W. Gowan Lock, T. T. Burrows, J. Pickthall, J. H. Billington, A. Clarke, W. Pendlebury, *.Stubbs, T. Leathwood,and T.W.Furnival. The follow- ing appointments were made for Runcorn South,vice-pre- sidents, Messrs. P. Speakman, J.P., C.C., T. Handloy,F. C. Beckett ; chairman of committee, Mr. A. R. Norman, secretary Mr. A. Riley, executive committee, Messrs. NV. Carroll, S. Walton, members of general council, John Stanway, John Gresty, John Hayes, John Green, J. H. Green, William Hoxworth, Charles Hill, T. J. Holtp. Wright, R. Baxter, NV, Yates, J. W. Baxley, B. Crosley, J. Bridgewater, W. Fitton, S. Walker, S. Bazley, P. Bis- brown, B. Kinston, H. Hughes, T. Barrett, James Knowles, Jabez Stubbs, and J. Barker.—The appoint- ment of officials in connection with the local association was postponed to a special meeting to be held for the purpose.—A vote of thanks to the chairman concluded the proceedings.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN WOMEN'S TEMPERANCE ASSOCIATION.

The annual meeting was held in Bethesda LeC,.. tun- flail on Tuesday evening. There was a good attendance. Mrs. Carter, of Bedford, occupied the chair. The annual report was presented which stated that the work of the Association had been quietly yet steadily prospering. Each public meet- nag had been largely attended while the afternoon mother's meetings had invariably been successful. Five afternoon meetings had been held in various parts bf the town and had been greatly appreciated by the "mothers" in each district and at these meetings 24 pledges were taken. The Committee were indebted to the following friends for presiding over or addressing the various meetings held each month during the year: Revs. W. Arrowsmith, J. Simpson, Pulford, Williams, Mrs. Williams (Chester), Mrs. Mundin, Miss Meredith, Mrs. George Marshall, Mrs. Leach, Mrs. Jones, and Mrs. Simkin. The Committee thankfully acknowledge the kindness of Mr. J. T. Brunner, M.P., in allowing the free use of the Union on several occasions. The Committee offered a hearty invitation to all women who were at stainers to join the society,for they hoped that the number of members would greatly increase and that the temperance cause would ever be more and more successful. The financial statement showed that there was a balance in hand of £II 3s. Id. An address was delivered by Mrs. Metcalfe, of Burnley, dealing with the temper3nce question in all its aspects.

THE WHITE STAR LINE AND STEERAGE PASSENGERS.— The White Star Line make the important announcemenc that, with the view of further adding to the comfort and convenience of steerage passengers travelling by the White Star Line, and at the same time conforming to the United States regulations, which prohibit the carriage of feather beds, &c., they have made arrangements to sup- ply all such passengers, in future, with the usual outfit free of charge. The outfit, which will remain the pro- perty of the Company will consist of bed, pillow, blanket, plate, drinking cup, knife, fork, and spoon.

MilGßATlON.—lntending emigrants to New /ork, Bost4 n Philadelphia, San Francisco, Cana. China, Japan, Aus tralia, or New Zealand, should take ti ,kets (lowest, rates) at the " Examiner" Office, by Guion, American, Australian Oriental, and other liues.—John Walker, agent,"Examiner Office. Bewsev-et.. Warrington..—Advt.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
'OUR GREAT

NO STABLE IS COMPLETE

INgemd

id

WITHOM

bud*

r IP- 000 At. .11 Alt #7,48 sLou, 1,0 f L4CN OWN ' 4=4_ T a A rki.F2 Dj kvtaN

===== 0002601_18940203_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
ELLIMAN SO'

DOUGLAS'S REAL RHEUMATIC CURE

Is the o,lly see and true remedy for Rheumatic, Sciatic, and Gout. The Real Rhematic. Cm, is a lion' I medicine to be taken intelrmlly. It speedily des- roys and drives / out of the system the morbid and lA.EAL gou t y matter which excites ant -13 produces all the pains and intlam- Rill EUM-ITIC ations which are associated in an 1 attack of rheu- matism, whether I CURE. acute or chronic. Never known to I fail in Rheumatic fever.-24.Can11te street, Preston, Dear Sir, my daughter was. Mill ter' tor two years with rheu- matism and was attended by , ltre doctors and given up in- curabl -. The day b, fore takitw your medicine she fainted for want of appetite and loss of s , ep. After taking two bottles of your Real Rheumatic Cure. she was rrstored to Le dth. Yours faithfully. 111 rs !lost inson. witness to this Cure, R. v Jot'-ph D.Sexton, 1 11, 'English Martyra,Preston. Other testimoqials ,;ent free. 'the meal Rheumatic Cute is sold by all Chemists throughent the United Ki,:gdom at l's, 9d. per bottle, or post free with tull diree; ions, 33 stamps from the Proprietor; :

DOUGLAS AND CO., 24, GRINIMAW-ST., BURNLEY.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
BY PATENT MAC.

Tl 3 CThrr°RIAL The Pictorial i being' published at Net Price, it cannot be obtained of TADNescr°iFove sRTE i sent Post Free on application to " Magazine of Music." Office, ,pectus .11: TJ ma OR, rkable & cheapest book ever published. The The most re- POST ,5 1 PiET, . P 250 PAGES Con (Full Music Size). tains 7o Illustratien3 and over 253 Songs. FREE Dances, Carols, Anthems any book or liillete Baler underss 20, Ludgate Hill, London, 13. C. Pianoforte simplified. and Hymn Tunes.

t'VP*

z -

cf4s /7')

_L, J, I

AND LIT ‘.(I,GI'PJAY t _ Jr- J

Es/imates Givei

FOR ALL CLASSES OF WORK;

''RON{ AN

eleiress earl /o a rl)ernyDolb -Placarel.

/6\,-

\.%7;'7 ,6cs

ECONOMY AND DESPATCH. cr

===== 0002601_18940203_art0129.txt | included=true | included =====
MANUFACTURERS OF DECORATIVE AND

===== 0002601_18940203_art0130.txt | included=true | included =====
ESTABLISHXD 1851.

BIRKBECK BANK,

Southampton Buildings. Chanc,ery Lane, London. TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEREST allowed on DEPOSITS, repayable on demand. TWO per CENT. on CURRENT ACCOUW.M. PTI the minimum monthly balances, when not drawn below £lBO. STOCKS, SHARES, and ANNUITIES purenased aid sold SAVINGS DEPARTMENT

For the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receives small stun cn deposit, and allows Interest monthly on each completed El

BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY HOW To PURCHASE A HOUSE FOR TWO GUINEAS PER MONTH.

BIRKBECK FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH.

The BIRRBRCIL ALMANACK, with full particulars FRANCIS RINENSCROFT. Manager.

1, post free

DR. MACKAY'S MARVELLOUS FEMALE REMEDY FOR ALL OBSTRUCTIONS and IRREGULARI- TIES stands unrivalled. The most stubborn and hope- less cases yield to this extraordinary Med.cine in six hours. ImmensF. sale throughout the world. Thousands of sufferers cured. Testimonials (Genuine), with full Instructions and Advice, accompany each bottle. Sent post free, under cover, for ss. 6d.

D. MACKAY, 104. HIGH HOLBORN. London. Beware of Dishonest Imitators.

A PERFECT CURE WILKINSON'S SPECIAL ELIXIR

For wesimess,loss of tlesh and vital power, rest- less sleep, pimples,nervous exhanstiota,& ailments arising from early or later-day errors. Address Messrs. Wmxixsow, Medical Hall, Sheffield.

4/6 THE CASE, BY POST 419,

- MSOII swrrr GOLD MEDAL ~.. KNITTER _ HAR _ . KNlTSSt.ckinge, Clothisg in Wool, Silk, or Cotten. . Lists 241. per Post. TRIUMPHANT A WARD at k Pahl& The oetv WINNER In the WORLD of I Geld N Male. Also Makers of the bUNSeei.teeeS.teekt.g Ribber. Era.uoti Office, 17, OXFUND Sr., LONDON —TRU llAReisow Hstrrrico lleginxs Cs. We,rks, U, UPPER BROOK IL. MANCHESTER,

LADIES! DR. LIDINGTON'S NEW MEDICAL DISCOVERY for marl led or single women is positively the safest and most successful method known for removing au i Irregularities and Obstruction., no matter how caused or long standing, no nau eous pil a. powders mixtures or any other useless stomach medicine to take. Failure impossible under this treatment. Sufferers may obtain particulArs free of charge by sending stamped addressed envelope to Dr. Lmriarox, 46 Southampton Buildings, Holborn, London.

6. /NI CUICAII WILL CURE YOU. \

===== 0002601_18940203_art0131.txt | included=true | included =====
I CURE FITS

AND TO PROVE IT

NT will GIVE A BOTTLE °tiny Remedy for Nothing, so that sufferers may have an opportnnity of testing the truth of what I state." Because others have failed to cure you is no reason why you should continue to snffer. Send at once for my TREATISE and a FEES BOTTLE of Medicine. It costa you nothing for a Trial and IT WILL CURE 1 Address . litlOT,2B,Endsleigh Gardens. London,N.W.

TO IINDIES I

THE GREAT INDIAN I:l3l—A—L-E7:IIEDICINE, was dis- covered by a married Lady during hr travels in the Far East, who has never known it to taii in removing the worst cases of Irregularity or Obstruction in two ho rs, even after all other remenies fail, nothing can po-sibly resist the a tion of this extra° dinary preparatio hch is almost instantane- ous in its effect. Ladies will avoid mu h xpense, worry.and cruel bitter oisappointment b 3 h.ving this remedy, at once. Sent secure from observation for 4, 6d.—Mrs. Balt- RINGTON, 4, Feitherstone-building London, W.C.

TMPOUTANT INVENTION for the married. harmless and certain 4 stamps for sample. -G. ANDREW, 54, Perth- road. London. N.

ARISTOTLE'S WORKS, with plates 3 '2, pages, 30 stamps. "Paris by night, or Gay Life in Paris'; illustrated 30 stamus.—Post free E BOWLER, 27. Kenshaw-st., Liverpool

MARRIED LADIES.—INFORMATION OF PRICELESS VALUE(FR. E).—Send at once stamped envelope to Mrs. LAWRENCE. 4, Bradley-st.. ,heffield. (Name this paper.)

r 110 T.. E MAR HE D.—Send stamped addressed envel, pe 1 for full particulars of the most perfect and harmless Family Preventati yeses recommended by eminent physicians Irregulariti s and obstruction removesl. health restored.—D. MASSEY BALFOUR, 86, Strand, London.

TowLE's PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS for Females, quickly correct all irregularities, re.nove all obstructions, and relieve the distressing cymptoms so preva- lent with the sex. Boxes is. Itd. and 2s. 9d. of all chemists sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps hy the maker, E. T. TOWLE, Chemist, Nottingham

ONE BOX OF CLARKES' B 41 PILLS is war- ranted to cure all discharos from the Urinary Organs. in either sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Pains in the back. Guaranteed free from Mercury. Sold in Boxes, 4s. 61. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors through' ,ut the World ; or sent to any address for sixty stamps by the Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY, Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; BARCLAY & SONS. London. and all the Wholesale Houses.

LAM I'S.—Fl MALE I RREGULA KIT! ES and oßstßucTioN s. —Th3 DIFFICUL:Y SOLVED AT LAST.—A lady having Tried in Vi o Every Advertised Remedy, has at last discovered a SIMPLE MEANS of SELF- CURE, particulars of which she will forward FREE OF CHARGE to Her Poor Sufft-ring Sex ou receipt of stamped addressed enveb.pe. Send at once. an I waste no more time and money upon Worthless Pills Mixtures, and oiher So- called li-rneclies of this class, wh ch ca se pain, sickness, and injury to fht! system without h.ving •he necesmary eff •ct.— Write, with full hope and confidence, to Mrs. ST CLAIR, 46, Southampton Bulldogs, Chancery-I n . Lou In,

WONIAN'S FRIEND. 11UXLEY'i SPECIAL mixrußE.

THE MOST POWERFUL 4ND EFFECTUAL MEDICINE KNOWN

The recipe of a famous French Physician, Quick, sure. and certain. Never fails to and Cure, no in Ater how cau=e 3, Post free to any a‘viress for 2s 93. or ss. 6d. per b )ttle. Full instructions with each.

Send for the WIFE'S FRIEND. a book for every worn tn who wishes t, keep healthy.—D. GL %-;D-.)W HUXLEY, M.D. (U.S ), 176. Cemetery-rol.i. leffi Id. and MAsonie Buildiu4s opposite Market) Rotherh

0 YOU SUFFBR FROM NIOJRALGIA, if so why not try a bet-tie of H. I. ASHTON'S TIC AND NlitirtALGlA AIIXTURIi ? It is a CERT &IN CURE. You Gan obtain a is. bottle by writing or sending to the only place in Warrington where it is prepared.

SANKEY STREET PHARMACY 63. SA.NKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0132.txt | included=true | included =====
Letter to the 013ttor.

RATIONALISNi.

Sir,—Mr. John S. Howell has again favoured me with his Isotice. In his three paragraphs,he imagines himself to have given reasons for a belief in the "tall of man" from, I presume, primitvie innocence. Now, suppose we give up fencing and come to close quarters? Surely he does not offer that remarkable effusion -his second paragraph—as serious argument? A rather flat attempt at a "goak" belike ! "Words," Mr. Howell, "take up a lot of room (three in your case, Mr. H.) but (if them- selves not per se Mr. H. which makes nonsense of your sentence) prove nothing "—that is if strung together, as you have them in this jumble of assumptions. As a proof, even a presumptive one, of the historical accu- racy of the " fall," he might as well have recited the multiplication table. Our friend, as I have told him,is bungling with unaccustomed tools. He looks out on the world and seeing sin and sorrow there, straightway imagines a " fall" of primitive man to account for it. But the facts of the case go dead against such a supposi- tion,and show rather that man has risen from primitive savagery. Strongly confirmatory evidence of this view is desived from the fact that in the same Oriental alle- gory we have the equally discarded fable of the origin of species by special creation, a fable discarded, even by that illogical logician Mivart. Herein we see the unreasoning jumble in which irrational belief involves itself when it dabbles in, or entertains, subversive facts. One only of the two opinions can he held by any sane head. Either species were specially createsi, or they were not so created. Both cannot be true. Science says species came by natural process—evolution. And this position is strengthened every day,despite the howl- logs and Jeremiades of "believers." I cannot help think- ing a man a humbug who studies science and writes upon it while at the same time professing a belief in the very things his science contradicts ? Such a one must either be humbugging himself or trying to humbug ethers. Mr. Howell would have us believe that he has been an agnostic, but alas! those coldly serene but empyrean beights did net suit his constitution, so, like Joe Bink,in the tale, he "found Jesus." Joe was a Bible smasher, an atheistic species of that genius. Now, Joe's wife "took bad," and was brought round by a doctor who also happened to be a Christian ; Joe followed suit. Had the doctor been a Mahommedan, Joe must have em- braced Islamism !—Yours,

JOHN PEERS.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0133.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. II WHITRAM AND SOCIALISM.

Sir,—l have noticed the letter of H. Whitham upon this subject and am constrained to think that the active principle, as in all Socialism, is selfishness. In fact, I have never seen a real Socialist; I have often heard people profess the doctrine, but a little probing has al- ways revealed the weakness of their professions. To those who raise their voices against the capitalists of to- day, I would put this question: Are not the people of to-day as a whole better off than at any other period of the country's history, and is this not the result of the development of machinery which could never have taken place had it not been for the fact tint there were some people who lived below their income? By economy and Care the capitalist, has given the country Vac power to purchase more with fewer hours of labour. We have not to go back many years to find that it took the united efforts of a family to earn a living, girls were put to ser- vice or other work at eight or nine, and boys to the workshop, mines,Esc.,at seven and eight. During my re- Collection, bricklayers were paid 265. and joiners 24s per week in Warrington, and a shilling would neither pur- chase as much of the necessaries or luxuries of life as it will now, when wages are at least 40 per cent. higher. I am tired of hearing people talk as though the develop- ment of capital had been an injury to the worker. It has been a benefit to both. True Socialism should recognise neither king or coun- try, but the whole human race as one family. It must also recognise that the greatest purchasing power of any man's wages, or labour would be the power to purchase an equal amount of the labour of others. lam making no allowance for capital here, taking it for granted the capital is found by the labourer. Now, I would like to ask 11. W. a question. Is it let a fact that taking the whole course of his life ha has been able to purchase a greater amount of the labour of others than he has developed himself? If he had been content to live on the wage of the majority of the workmen arsund him he would have been a small capitalist to-day. I have no regard for a man who has sought every opportunity in the columns of the" Examiner" to run down the cause ef temperance. Under a fair exchange of labour—for labour without any allowance for capital —I am not prepared to ssy the workman of this country would be better off. It must be borne in mind that a day's wages in England will purchase a week's work of many foreign workmen whose labour we consume. Again I shall believe in the Socialism of the individual who says, " the 'value of one man's labour can only equal so much, but as the world appraises my labour at so much above its value, take it, let it be divided amongst those whom the world appraises at less than their value." At present all the Socialists I have seen want their share and as much more as they can get.— Yours truly,

===== 0002601_18940203_art0134.txt | included=true | included =====
7, Marton-road, Middlesbro'. January 29,1894.

NOTES ON GAMES AND

ATHLETICS.

RUGBY FOOTBALL.

The defeat which Warrington inflicted upon Wigan ea Saturday, can be considered one of the most vigor- ous " lickings" which they have this season conferred upon any other combination of leather propellers. In- deed, the game can safely be said to have been the most exciting and :most important one played at Wildespool during the season. In the first place the issue of the battle was specially interesting, as a victory for War- rington meant that our town team would take the third place in the Lancashire Cup Competition list. Whilst in the second place a match between Wigan and Warring- ton is always attended by more than ordinary interest, a, Wigan generally prove themselves—to speak in the vernacular—" no chiclcens." With what excitement the match was regarded one may obtain a fair idea from the fact that 8,000 persons witnessed it.

That such an enormous gate should have "turned up" is all the more extraordinary when the wild character of the elements is taken into consideration. A heavy gale of wind prevailed,and swept the field with a drench- ing, chilling, accompaniment of rain and sleet. Almost the whole of the 8,000 spectators would be drenched to the skin before the game was ended, whilst of the players it can almost be said that they were engaged in a water polo match. As the game drew to a close one could scarcely identify the various players, so begrimed were they with mud.

Under such conditions the game was very naturally a forward one, and at times the struggles for supremacy between the two eights grew intensely exciting. War- rington played with the wind the first half, and played a splendid defensive game for some time. After the lapse of about 20 minutes, however, they commenced an aggressive charge. John Bate was the first to make any tangible score ; he succeeded in securing a very smart try, which, however, was not converted. The home men did not allow their endeavours to flag and just before half tinte Carey romped over the line amid a perfect howl of applause.

There were many Wigan people on the field—and some of them were evidently candidates for prophetships. But they were very indifferent—one might almost say poor—candidates. They invariably intimated that Wigan would come out of the second half with some 14 or 15 points more than Warrington. And yet Wigan were content to come out without any points—except, may- be, a few pointed remarks about Warrington and every- thing appertaining thereto.

There was no doubt the winners displayed the smarter combination, and in the last half the Bates simply came out into brilliant prominence. The forwards, however, were entitled to appropriate that emblem of victory— the shirt button. Jolley was the best man of the bunch. Potts, Evans, and Barber also distinguished themselves, and Heesom met his many responsibilities with much credit.

The foll•wing are the tabulated results of the compe- tition up to Saturday :

For. Agit. Pld. Won. Lost. Drn. G.T. G.T. Pts Oldham l2 ... 9 ... 1 ... 2 ... 16 20... 3 5 ...20 Swinton ll ... 6 ... 0 ... 5 ... 9 15... 1 2 ...17 Warrington Wigan ll ... 6 ... 2 ... 3 ... 5 7 ... 1 4 ...15 Salford Tyldesley Broughton Rangers ll ... 3 ... 5 ... 3 ... 6 3 ... 6 11 ... 9 Roehclate Hornets Barrow Broughton ll ... 0 ... 0 ... 2 5 ...23 27 ... 0

The Warrington Amateur Athletic Club which has only been in existence for twelve months had a very success- ful competition on Thursday evening. The club has made very rapid strides since its formation, and now has about 200 members including all the leading athletes of the town. The large audience on Thursday night must have been very encouraging to the promoters, and it will go to some extent in the direction of making this class of entertainment popular in the town. The various "draws" in the rounds for the competition were vary exciting, the finalists being so well matched that it was difficult at first to choose the winner, and F. Corless had to work hard for his honours. Some of the performances were, however, a little too dangerous, particularly the feat of James Hunt who jumped on the handle of a sword pointed on a child's breast, the child in the meantime lying on the floor. Several exhibitions of the " useful art" were given during the evening, and thosc who take an interest in these things, must have spent a very pleasant evening.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0135.txt | included=true | included =====
GYMNASIUM.

The third round in the National 200-guinea Challenge Shield competition in connection with the National Physical Re-,•reation Society is fixed to take place on or before the 17th February. The teams are drawn as follows :—Dublin Gymnasium v. Liverpool Gymnasium, Warrington Gymnasium v. Aberdeen Gymnasium and Recreation Club or Leeds Trinity Gymnasium, Lincoln Young Men's Christian Association v. Exeter Hall Gymnasium, and City of Belfast Gymnasium v. Dundee Physical Recreation Society,

THE CHURCH AS THE IDEAL SOCIETY AND ITS SOCIALISM.

The first meeting of the second session of the Warrington Debating Society was held in the Masonic Mad, Bold-street, on Tuesday evening. The Rev. E. C. E. Carleton read a paper on the above named subject. lie said that when he spoke of the Church he did not mean the Church of England, but the Church at large everywhere and in every age, oh which the Church of England only claimed to be a part. The Church was an ideal society whose constitution was indicated with more or less clearness in the Bible. It seemed to him that at the present day an ideal society was consciously or unconscious- ly one of the cravings of humanity. They wanted an ideal organization, they wanted combination with their fellow men, they wanted united action, some general social movement for the benefit of mankind. The church did not obliterate the classes but united them. It did not abolish the difference between rich ana poor, as the modern socialism seemed to propose by • giving everybody the same wages, any more than it at- tempted to abolish the difference between the strong and the weak by giving everybody the same amount of phy- sical vigour and strength, or the same amount of brain. All these differences the Church lett very touch as they were, while unitine it, members together in the ties or fraternal affectif,n in spire of them. Once more as the ideal society, the Church was a society of voluntary membership. There was no comoulsion cm any to j )in its ranks, and that could not be said of a great in-, nv societies of which they had everyday experience. They all felt that it was a great drawback to the Trades Union; of the country that they frequently interfered with th,-. , liberty of those outside their association, and often heought pressure to bear of a very ohjectienahle charac- ter in order to force the society on unwilline people. Arad the history of almost every st.rike showed that terrorism and outrage were resorted to in order to secure that end. Then the Church was an ideal body as to the Authority by which it was governed. That was, perhaps, the most important of all, ne there ley their security, their freedom from apprehension in j-)in- ing it. The Christian Church made a unique claim up- on-this point, namely, that its supreme Head and, there- fore, its supreme authority, was divine. The dangers from human folly and human infirmity disappe trod. Further, he proceeded to show that the Church bad ideal aims and objects, which modern socialism could hardly be said to have. Modern socialism dealt only with material wants, but the Church considered man as being, made for eternity. Still she did not ignore the import- ance of material things, and dealt with them in her own way. Her method was notso much a method cf organiz t- tion or of philosophic system, but simply the method of instilling a spirit of principles and mYtives into the minds of individuals. He did not know whether these principles as formulated in the Bible would commend themselves to the minds of the modern Socialist any more than they would to the capitalist with whom he waged war. Meny people, he feared, went in for social theories, because it was so much easier to be theoretic- ally generous than to be practically so in their private capacity. They were apt to contract themselves out of. ! their private duties by benevolence of sentiment in public. I They went in for socialistic legislation and got a cheap - • • reputThon for generosity.while they were simply giving I away other people's Money. (Hear, hear.) But thie kind of charity was a sham, and, therefore, such movements when emanating from men whose private conduct threw doubt upon their sincerity must he viewed with suspicion. Let them depend upon it, they could have nn real generous liberal measures forth? benefit of the masses of people needing sympathy and help unless they , were promoted be earnest charitable individuals. The method of the Church was to take care of the individual, and let society take care of itself. (Applause.) Mr.Ntemiin a severe criticism of the paper, contended that whatever socialism the Church contained it was nethine more than mock socialism. Mr. A. Beneerr did not think that the Church was de- mocratic, as Mr. Carleton had contended ; on the con- trary he thoutht it was nothing but the very opposite of that. It ought to be democratic, as Mr. Carleton had said, before it could he really in touch with the people. He (Mr. Bennett) would like to see the present system of patronage superseded by a democratic principle—he WRCLIFFE P.S.A. SOCIETY, would like to see every clergyman of the Charch of Eng- l. largely attended meeting of the above-named P.S.A. • land elected by the popular vote. If it is intended to was held on Sunday afternoon in the ,church. remain a National Church the people ought to have some for A Bennett presided, and delivered a short address in I voice in the election of their pastors. One of the greatest which he spoke approvingly of the P.S.A. movement. ! drawbacks to the Church being an ideal organisation was Mr. Ness of Manchester, was the speaker for the after- its narrowness. They found this narrowness in every neon and spoke on "Brotherhood." The speaket based denomination. his remarks on the text "For none of us liveth to him-S Mr. Jou GANDY was bothered to see where the self" Rerrans 14c.. 7v., and reminded his hearers that Socialism of the Church of England came in. How ereat test questions at the judgment would be c eid a church, which had a monarch for its head and "Have ye visited the sick, have ye fed the hungry." lords for its bishops, be called anything other than an bilis.- Kent was the soloist and she gave a fine rendering aristocratic institution ? (Hear, hear) There were his- cf •I eeelo "He shall feed his flock," from the Mes‘dah. hope with £4,000 and £5,000 a year, and poor curates, The 11.1 t. J. Simpson, Runcorn, Mr. T. Wallinet on, who did all the hard work, got the least pay. That was secretory, and Mr. .1. Ball also took part in the meeting. I often the case than those who did the most work re-

T. Y. HOWCROFT.

ceived the least pay. (Hear, hear.) Further, the Church had always taken the side of the capitalist and the squire, and it had done nothing to help to raise the people in any material and worthy sense. Mr. H. J. WESTBROOK spoke in defence of the Church andihoped the day was far distant when the Church cl England would choose its own parsons ; give him some- thing between private patronage and the power of the pew, and he would go in for it. Mr. KENT obseived that the Church of England was found defending the interests of the rich. This was more noticeable in the country parishes where invariably the parson supported the squire. Mr. A. BIRCH referred to the essayist's remark that trades unions interfered with the liberty of persons who joined them. He contended that the action of the societies was not determined by the leaders, but all members voted and the majority ruled. The Rev. W. H. DRUM3IOND referred to the error many of the speakers had made when speaking of the Church as that of the Church of England. There was an immense amount of, genuine Christian thought and sentiment which was not in actual living communion with the Church of England. There was a tendency im the churches now-a-days to join the present life with the future life. They must acknowledge a divine spirit working in the movements of the people,ha the democra- tic movements of the present day, which must be out of conscicus communion with any Christian Church. There was an unconscious Christianity pervading society and formulating itself to carry out measures of amelioration. Tne speaker also referred to Mr. Carleton's remark as to promoters of legislative measures being so-called legislative philanthropists:, He (the speaker) hoped there were many of those present who were prepared to suffer a good deal if they could only bring about a juster and better state of things. A great many of the Radical leaders who were continually being reproached were men who were prepared to suffer for their opinions. He (the speaker) couldn't help expressing his disappointment that Mr. Carleton had so little social gospel for them. (Applause.) When reduced it meant a gospel of social despair. (Applause.) Mr.HaLL afterwards spoke, agreeing with some points in Mr. Carleton's paper. Mr. CARLETON replied, aad the meeting afterwards ' terminated. Mr. T. J. Hulse occupied the chair.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0136.txt | included=true | included =====
DOES THE SEED DIE? A PERPLEXING PROB LEM.

Sir,—The other day, on passing the old burial ground 'in St. James-street, Latchford, I stopped to read the in- ecriptien over the entrance door, and was struck with the following quo atson which was taken from the bible, "That whicn thou sowost is not quickened, except it die." The reading of this passage awakened in my mind the memory of a former difficulty—a difficulty— which disturbed my mind many years ago, and as to which I was never able to get, a satisfactory solution. Whenever I put a question en the subj .ct to others who were better informed than myself, I was always assured that it was perfectly true—that all seed put into the ground always did die before it sprang up into renewed life. Well, I never felt really satisfied about this, but my questionines were eventually silenced on its being pointed out to me that Christ Himself had asserted the same thing. I was referred to the Gospel of St. Matthew 12th chap. 24 verse, where I found these words used by Christ" Verily, verily, I say unto you, except a corn of wheat fall into the gr ',lnd and die, it abideth alone, but if it die, it bringeth forth much fruit." From such an authority as this if seemed to me at that time that there was no appeal, and I was obliged, perforce, to be con- tent. But since ther. some strange ideas have come to be formulated about Christ—l refer to the theories about the limitations of His knowl, dge. I have nese!' been able to reconcile these new fangled ideas with what I have always been taught about His Divinity. I am a plain man, accustomed to plain words, and have never been able to understand wisv the same words should not bear the same meaning in the pulpit as in the street. And so, when I was told that Christ was Gad—although in human form—l believed it, although I could aever really ' understand it. But when, in these later days, lam told that in addition to having a human body, he had a human mind—a mind that grew just like other Peoples' —and that his knowledge was limited, just like other peeples'.—l confess to a good deal of intellectual confu- sion and perplexity. And yet I read of an these strange theories in the "Methodist Recorder" of all the papers in the world. I think it was the Rev. Professor Davidson who enunciated them in a series of short articles. Well, I had, in a large me asure, put all this from mind as not being worth an hoot's serines consideration on the part of any sane man, but the whole thine came back to me most forcibly on my reading the inscription referred to, and I tienught : Well, is it possible that notwithstanding their strangeness, these theories are true? That the seed should really die before it could quicken, seems altoge- ther oppos-d to reason and experience. I, at all events, have never known a living thing to die, and come to life again. And in the case of the seed, lam forced to the opinion that the living germ within it never does die—or if if dies, the seed is devoid of any power to grow again, the very explicit statements of Christ and St. Paul notwithstanding. So you see, sir, lam impel- led to the conclnsion that there is something to be said for the" Methodist Recorder" and Professor Davidson, and their strange ideas about the limitations of Christ's knowledge It really isn't so very strange after all—but —and here's the rub—how do they reconcile it all with the doctrine of Christ's Divinity ? Really, I am bothered —hut perhaps the seed does die before it quickens. Will any of your readers enlighten me on the subject? Yours, ke.

HARRY ESMOND.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0137.txt | included=true | included =====
OTTR LOCAL CHURCHES-WARRINGTON.

THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1894.

A WAR RINGTON BUTCHER'S CLAIM.

A REMARKABLE CASE. At the Warrington County Court, before a special jury, John Bradbury, butchei, residing at 98,Hoyle- street, Warrington, sued Ann Moffatt, landlady of the British Tar Inn, Winwick-road, for £6 12e. id., alleged to be due owing to the defendant breaking and entering into the possession of premises in the occupation of plaintiff, situated behind the British Tar Inn, on or about the 26th April, and used by him as a slaughterhouse, depriving him of his goods and chattels, valued at £6 12s. id. The defendant put forward a counter claim of 23 for rent, and also a water rate. Mr. Unsworth appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. A. Browne for the defendant. Mr. Unsworth said the plaintiff had carried on business as butcher for a great many years. He claimed that he had suffered damage by reason of the defendant wrongfully entering the premises occupied by him, situated behind the British Tar Inn, without giv- ing him any notice to quit, and wrongfully keeping his goods and chattels which were in the premises broken into. In December, 1892, the plaintiff went to see the defendant Mrs. Moffatt, with a view to renting a build- ing she had at the back of her premises. The defendant agreed to let plaintiff have the building at a rental of 4s. per week, but the rent was not to commence until the plaintiff had obtained a licence for his slaughterhouse. 'I he plaintiff went to considerable expense in fitting up the building for a slaughterhouse and obtained a licence for it in March, 1893. When the plaintiff had used the slaughterhouse about a month, his son on going to the slaughterhouse on April 24th found that a fresh lock had been put on the door and he was unable to get in. The plaintiff then went to the defen- dant,and she told him that she wanted the place for her son. The plaintiff saw her many times to try and come to a reasonable arrangement with her but she refused to see him. In November the plaintiff sued the defendant in the county court for butcher's meat, and the defen- dant sued for rent. His Honour granted his (Mr. Uns- worth) client's claim, and struck out the counter claim. The plaintiff had been unable to get his goods from the slaughterhouse. It was one of the most high-handed proceedings the defendant could do to forcibly take off the lock, and appropriate not only the premises, but the fixtures, and refuse to deliver them up.—John Brad- bury corroborated his solicitor's statement, and said the defendant's son told him,after the lock had been changed that if he went near the slaughter house he would !save him locked up. The fixteres cost him £6 12s. ld.— Robert Bradbury, butcher, 40, Naylor-street, St. Helens, gave evidence as to the agreement between the plaintiff and defendant, and as to the tenancy of the pre- mises.—John Henry Bradbury, Son of the plain- tiff gave evidence as to finding a fresh lock placed on the door of the slaughterhouse.-I,,fr.'sA. Browne for the defence denied that the defendant had removed the lock, or had given any instructions for it to be re- moved. When the plaintiff presented his bill in April, he told the defendant that he was giving the place up as he couldn't make it pay, and he was told to take his things out of the slaughterhouse. Mr. Browne pro- duced a key ' which had been used by Mr. Hewitt, butcher at the .slaughterhouse during the plaintiff's oc- cupancy, and given to him by the plaintiff, and this fitted the lock which the plaintiff alleged had been placed on the door.—Mrs. Moffatt deposed that the plaintiff told her he was giving the slaughterhouse up because he could not male it pay, and she told him to take his things, and had never prevented him from doing so. She never ordered anyone to put a fresh lock on.—Arthur Moffatt, son of the last witness, also denied altering the lock or refusing the plaintiff his goods.—Mary Ann Swan- ton spoke as to the defendant saying he had given the slaughter house up.—Mr. Naylor, sugar boiler, gave evi- dence as to lending the plaintiff's son a crowbar with which he sprized open the door of the slaughter-house. 'I he lock could not he opened by a key the plaintiff said.— Mr. Hewitt. butcher, said he used the slaughter-house rented by the plaintiff. The key he now produced was the one given him by the plaintiff, and it opened the lock which the plaintiff said had been put on, and he had used the slaughter-house to the present time.—At this point Mr. Unsworth said he declined to go on further with the case.—Flis Honour thought he hal done the right thing as the evidence was against him. If nciar these circumstances it was the duty of the j.iry to !five a verdict for the defendant on the plaintiff's claim. and on the defendant's counter claim of £3 for rent. h re- gard to the water rate there was no reliable evidence that the plaintiff should pay the water rate.—The jury re- turned a verdict for the defendant en the rlaintiff's Maim, and also on the counter claim for £3 runt, but net for the water rate.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0138.txt | included=true | included =====
BOYS AND BICYCLING.

"In the first place," said Mr. Lacy Hillier, the well- kno wrt cyclist, to our representative, " a boy should have a light taachine,with ruhb•T pedals. Eb, shouldn't try to get one dirt cheap. As a rule, the chewier a naa.chine is, the heavier it weighs. Pay a fair price and ride a good bicycle. Secondly, as to clothes. A boy who intends to go in for any quantity of cycling should he plrticular a hout what lie wears, and his mother should help him in his choice of clothes. Woollen things are'the best. Everything worn next the skin should be male of wool, and then r our young rider won't catch cold after a spin. The same rule applies to all kinds of athletics. Thirdly, al to riding companions. When a lad goes out for a run he should he accompanied by riders considerably older than himself, who will see that he doesn't over-ride him,elf,pr with companions of his own age ; for it is clear that if a youngster goes out with lads who are his seniors, that youngster will strain him- self in trying to compete with, or even beat, riders en- dowed with superior strength and endurance. When boys go out together it's ten to one they will begin to, race. If they are of the same age and strength this won't do them any great harm, hut if some are older than others the young members of the party are liable to do themselves an injury by competing with their bet- ters. I wish I could get boys to see this clearly. Many a lad with sterling cycling qualities in him nips them in the bud by overdoing the thing in his early riding class. Some try to go tremendous distances in a short space of ' time. Of course this is of ry foolish. I don't think a boy ought to do more than twenty-five miles in a day Yes, I think that's about the limit I should put it at"— " Chums."

===== 0002601_18940203_art0139.txt | included=true | included =====
SIR WILFRIII'S LATEST.

The North Eastern Railway appears to enjoy, at least among Newcastle folk, no great reputation for the speed or punctuality of trains. In addreasine: a meeting in this great centre of industry, Sir Wilfrid Lawson awakened loud laughter by enumerating among the reasons why he felt pleased to think that it- had " got there at all," the fact that he had come frotn Carlisle by the North Ea74tern Railway. " He felt," he added, " rather like the Yan!cee. who, when the ticket collector came to him in a certain train and askKl him for a ticket, presented a child's ticket. Said the guard, This won't do ; this is a child's ticket." Well,' said the Yankee, I was a child when this train started."

===== 0002601_18940203_art0140.txt | included=true | included =====
WHAT " MUNICIPALISATION ". OF PROPERTY MEANS.

The inhabitants of the. little town of Klingenberg on the Main are to le, envW. The town makes so nmcit money out of its argil pits that not filly are no rates ex- acted at all, hut Aimry inha.i.it ant receives yearly a sum out of the surplus town funds.

A report from Buluwavo states that " the prospector" is busily at work on the property of the fueitive MatA- bele. and that mest of the eliaible " plots " hlve been waved by the troopers who drove out Lob..egula.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0141.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON LIBERAL CLUB.

RE-OPENING OF THE READING ROOM.

Ar, interesting ceremony took place at the Liberal Club, Bewsey-st., on Tuesday evening. About 50 members of the llub, in response to an invitation from the Committee, met together to celebrate the re-opening of the reading room, after its renovation, the expense of which was defrayed by Mr. 11. Thornton. The room, the embellishments of which we described last week, was first formally opened by Mr. H. Thornton. After the work had been in- spected and admired, the party sat down to a knife and fork tea which was handsomely served up by Mr. Mitchell, the manager of the club. The repast having been partaken of, the party resolved itself into a free and easy meeting presided over by Mr. J. H. Fleming, J.P.,the president of the club. There were also present, amongst others, the following gentlemen: Mr. Wm. Pierpoint J.P.,(chairman of the Association),Councillors H. Roberts, J.P.,Flood, Wil- kinson, and Messrs. T. Birch all, J.P., W. Roberts, J. Tinnion, I. Hayward, J. Clayton (sec. of Associa- tion), T. Pemberton (secretary 'of the club), J. R. Calvert, W. Bibby, J. Albinson, T. Critchley, T. Rath bone and others.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0142.txt | included=true | included =====
LETTERS OF APOLOGY.

Mr. T. Pemberton (sec.) opened the proceedings by reading letters of apology from gentlemen- who were un- able to be present. Mr. John Crosfield wrote thanking them for their invitation, but regretting his inability to be present. Mr. A. H. Crosfield in writing regretted having to fulfil an engagement in London, which made it impossible for him to be present. Continuing he said " I hope this ceremony may prove to have been a most favourable augury for the future of our club, and a very favourable sign as regards the party generally. Mr. Chamberlain a few years since was fond of referring to it as a broken and discredited party. He has given up doing so now, and with good reason. As Mr. Bryce re- marked the other day, at Aberdeen, we have been gain- ing as a party, cohesion and heartiness, for several years, and I do not think the difficulty and delays of the last year have damped our ardour and determination in the least. If increased taxation has to be made—but as re- gards the people generally, practically conceded by ex- tending the principle of graduation on progressive lines next'spring—l think we shall be further strengthened, and that we ought to face the further conflicts in store for us with cheerful resolution." Letters were also read from Councillor F. W. Monks, Councillor Shaw Green, Mr. T. Morris and Mr. W. Furness. A telegram was also read from Mr. F. A. Roberts.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0143.txt | included=true | included =====
A VOTE OF THANX3.

The President next rose to propose a vote of thanks to Mr. Thornton for the handsome manner in'which he had come forward and helped in decorating the Club. (Applause.) He was sure that the work which had been done was a source of gratification to all of them. The room was one of which they might be proud, for in addition to the beauty of its -decorations, it was a room of some historic note, inasmuch as the Club had been the home of the Beamonts, and other families of note. Those pictures which served as panels had been first painted for the late Mr. Beamont, and were all valuable and cleverly executed works of art. (Applause.) It had been said that Liberalism was dead in Warrington, but if they had required convincing to the contrary, had they not been afforded ample evidence by the generous action of Mr. Thornton ? (Applause.) Mr. Thornton had shown them the way, and it was now open for someone else to step in and assist in further helping the Club. (Applause.) Councillor H. ROBERTS seconded the proposition. He said he felt it to be a privilege and an honour to he called upon to secand the vote of thanks to Mr. Thornton. The Liberal Club had had a very chequered career, and there had been times in its history when the hearts of its enemies had been rejoiced with hope and expecta- tion that its end was at hand. (Laughter.) Liberalism in Warrington, and the Liberal Club in particular,were it seemed to him, very hard to kill. (Applause.) Somehow or other, when things were getting to the worst, something happened whish put them all in good spirits again by the prospects which they never expected a short time•before. The club had done and was doing considerable work for the Liberal party in Warrington. (Hear, hear.) It was only proper that a home for Liberalism should be made as comfortable as it could be made, as far as the circumstances of the party would admit. It was most gratifying to find that a gentleman who had not forced his attentions on the Liberal party, had recognized the somewhat cloudy fortunes of the party, and had of his own freewill and kindness of heart come forward and given his assistance. (Applause.) It I was quite in accordance with the proper fitness of thiags that in connection with the Liberal Club that part of ; the premises that was supposed to supply the material for reflection should be made as comfortable and as handsome as possible. (Applause.) A considerable amount of credit was due to Mr. Fletcher for the efforts he had taken in renovating the room, efforts which he felt sure had been in a large measure actuated by a per- sonal &sire on his part to retain as long as possible the ' works of art which adorned the room, for the interest of those who made use of it. They were particularly obliged to Mr. Thornton f(fr what he had done. (Hear, hear.) They knew he had the capacity to do more for them, and some of them even flattered themselves that he had the intention to do it. (Applause.) Mr. War. PIERPOINT, chairman of the Executive Com- mittee., supported the proposition, and said he did so on behalf of members of the executive, and he thought be was safe in saying on behalf of the whole of the Liberal Association of Warrington. (Applause.) They were all indebted to Mr. Thornton for his graceful act of kind- ness, in making that room look so beautiful and thus enhancing the artistic charms which it had always posessed. (Applause.) It seemed to him that no person could do anything to assist the progress of that club without at the same time assisting the Liberal party. (Hsar, hear.) In what he had dens Mr. Thornton had greatly assisted the club and the party. Then to turn to the workmanship, he thought it reflected the greatest credit upon Mr. Fletcher,who had carried out the work. (Applause.) It,was work which would testify to Mr. Fletcher's artistic skill and be a standing monument to the generosity of Mr. Thornton. (Applause.) In con- cluding his remarks the speaker said there were others in the town to whom they were somewhat justified in looking for some support, and he could not understand why they should hold aloof. '(Applause.) Any defeats which their party had sustained were not reflections upon them—if they had failed to introduce more of their influence into this unfortunate town, well, the loss was not theirs as a party it was the town's. (Applause.) Mr. 'THORNTON, in responding, expressed the pleasure it had given him, to do what little he had done to fur- ther the interests of the Club and the party. (Applause.) He could assure them also, that in the future he should always be willing to bear his share in any improvements. (Applause.) After a long busy life of toillt was a plea- sant change for one to turn his attentions and services to the furtherance of a CRUSE, which he had at heart,for it was a pleasure of this kind which he had experienced in offering his assistance. (Applause.) There were, however, others of their friends who had much money, and he was sure they would also be willing to help if they were asked. In conclusion he expressed himself thoroughly satisfied with the manner in which Mr. Fletcher had carried out the work. He hoped that the meeting that night would be an augury of increased pros- perity for their party. All they needed to do, to secure victory, was to preserve a united and compact front. (Applause.)

===== 0002601_18940203_art0144.txt | included=true | included =====
LTBRRAL TOWN COUNCILLORS.

Mr. TiNsioN next proposed the health of. the Liberal Town Councillors, coupling with the toast the names of Councillors Flood, H. Roberts, and Wilkinson. In a brief speech, Mr. Tinnion remarked that although the Conser- vatives had a majority on the Council,the Liberal party Could lay claim to a minority which for usefulness and conscientious recognition of their constituents' interests, was far superior to the Tory majority whose conspicu- ous abilities seem to be the spending of money. (Ap- plause.) Councillor FLOOD who was called upon to respond first, said he would have been better pleased had Coun- cillor Roberts taken his place, as he was the leader of the Liberal sectien of the Council. It had been remarked that they were in a minority on the Council. That was indeed so, hut he would prefer to belong for ever to a minority than be part of the present majority in the Council. (Applause.) If his memory served him right, it was 27 rears since the Tories gained ascendency on the Council, and since then they had held sway without intermission. The evil effects which had ensued upon this were not only felt in Warrington, they were felt nutside as well. The town was one of the highest rated boroughs in the county and people would not come here in consequence to open up new industries. (Applause.) The Conservatives had by their influence deposed excel- lent men like Mr.Pierpoint and Mr. Fleming (applause), and in their stead had placed men who were almost use- less to the town, who were simply at the heck and call of the institution in Sankey-st. (Shame.) They were absolutely mechanical voters and recorded their votes in accordance with instructions. But though the Liberals on the Council were in a minority they did their best to thwart the party strataeems of the Tory majority, and he thought they could claim with most of their work the approval of the intelligent com- munity of the town. (Applause.) At such times, however, they wore taxed by their political opponents with resortinv to " low political dodges "—(laugh- ter)—even when it came to the pulling down of a stone wall. It had been said that the Liberal Town Councillors did not often come among them at the club except at election times but on. his own behalf he could plead an honest excuse. A great percentage of his time was taken up by his own work, then almost the balance of the time had to be devoted to the duties which devolved upon them in their civic capacities, so that they had very little time to serve the parte in another way at the club. (Hear, hear.) The speaker concluded by speaking highly of the renovations which they were there to celebrate.

Council 1,4. WlLair:sox, who was next called upon, re- turned big thank.: for the hearty manner in which the party had rcc,ived the toast of the body to which he had the honour to helnnf. Tie,was very much gratified to be among them :it such a pleasant gathering, and though he did not intend to deliver a speech he could not refrain from expressing his admiration of the artiatio manner in

which their reading room had been renov;Ated—(ap- plause)—and of personally testifying his thanks to the gentlt men to whose ETenerosity they were indebted. Councillor H. ROBERTS, in resp mding, said Councillor Flood had termed him the leader of the Liberal 81 ction of the Town Couneil—but he did not occupy that posi- tion and was not sure he would do so if asked. How- ever, he could assure them that it would be all the better if a leader of the Liberal section was recognized in the Council. for it was desirable that in cases where the prin- ciples of the party were at stake there snould be some system of taking united action. (Hear, hear.) On the other hand, however, he did not advocate the bringing of any pressure to bear where the party interests were not involved; for his own part he claimed a perfect in- dependence of action under any other circums ances. (Hear, hear.) He was by no means satisfied with the constitution of the Town Council of Warrington, nor did he believe the general public were. Almost the majority of the Conservative representatives were under the con- trol of the institution in Sankey-st. They had been put into the Council by the influence of the club, which had , paid their election expenses,for there were few of them who would have issued from their contests victorious had it not been for that assistance. (" Shame.") As it was they were simply mechanical voters—they were worked like so many marionettes. (Laughter.) Mr. Roberts concluded by hoping that by an increase of vigour and united energy,the Liberal Party would at the next election gain a majority.

THE DECORATOR." Mr. War. ROBERTS next proposed the health of Mr. Fletcher. In doing so he gave a short account of how it came about that the work was done. He had been appointed Chairman of the sub-committee which had in band the management of the reading room. The somewhat dilapidated condition of the room had often impressed upon him the necessity for having something done, and accordingly, the day after ha took office he approached Mr. Thornton on the subject and he, with- out a moment's hesitation, consented to bear all the expense of the work. (Applause.) Mr. FLETCHER responded to the toast, after which Mr. ALBINSON proposed the health of the "Borough Magistrates," which was responded to by Mr. 'l'. BIRCHALL, who took the opportunity of speak- ing a few words upon the growth of democracy, and the gradual approach which the poorer classes were making to their rights. At the present time, he said, the demo- cracy required considerable guidance, and the party from which it was receiving this was the one to which they had the honour to belong. (Applause.)

MISCEILLANBOUS. An enjoyable programme was gone through during the evening, songs being given by Messrs. Dockery, Green- halgh and J. Haynes, the latter delighting the party by his clever coster songs, which he rendered in costume, and for which he was enthusiastically applauded. Mr. Mather presided at the pianoforte. At the conclusion of the meeting a vote of thanks was accorded to the ar- tistes, upon the propositioa of Mr. Bibby, seconded by Mr. Calvort. The proceedings terminated with the sing- ing of" God save the Queen."

THE SHIP CANAL. SHEBEENING ON THE CANAL WORKS. On Wednesday at Frodsham, John Taylor, of 5, Hut, Saltport, Frodsham Marsh, was charged with selling beer, without a licence on January 18th. Superintend- ent Meredith and several officers visited the premises lastiweek,and under a search warrant,seizt d an eighteen gallon cask of beer, a number of _drinking vessels, &c. The offence was acknowledged, but leniency was pleaded,considering defendant's previous good character. Fined with costs, £4 15s. ed. ANOTHER LARGE COTTON SHIP.

Yesterday morning the steamer Ohio from New Orleans, arrived at Eastham Locks, and proceeded up the canal at once. She passed through Latchf•rd about five o'clock in the afternoon. Like the Venango, the Ohio is one of a fleet of seven steamships belonging to the Neptune Steam Navigation Company which trade between Baltimore and Rotterdam. She was built at Sunderland by Jchn Laing in 1888, is 293 ft. long, has a 38ft. beam, and is 18ift. deep. Her registered tonnage is 3,600. The cargo comprises 4,300 bales of cotton, and 50,000 bushels of grain. DROWNED IN THE SHIP CANAL..

On Thursday afternoon, Mr.Worsley, coroner, held an inquest at the Walton Arms, Higher Waltsn, on the body of William James Buchanan, a farm labourer, who was found drowned in the Ship Canal at Acton Grange, on the 30th January. Mr. Cooper was foreman of the jury. Several witnesses were called, and the evidence showed that when the deceased was last' seen alive on the evening of the 27th December, at Lower Walton, he was " under the influence of liquor but not. drunk." The night was dark, and the deceased, it was evident, had fallen into the canal accidentally while on his way home. He made use of the road running alongside the canal, which one of the jury said was a most dangerous road at night.—Constable Shatwell said there were no marks of violence on the hody.—A verdict of "Found drowned" was returned. THE TRADE BETWEEN LONDON AND MANCHESTER.

The "Shipping Gazette" says :—Since the opening of the Manchester Ship Canal, the traffic carried by the steamers of Messrs. Fisher, Renwick, and Co. between Lcndon and Manchester has trebled. When the ves.sels ran as far only as Saltport they rarely received more than sixty or seventy tons of Manchester goods for de- livery in the City of London, but now they are on every voyage from the canal loading from 150 to 200 tons of drapery, in addition to large quantities of barbed wire and other goods which were formerly sent by rail. Besides the consignment for London, the vessels are regularly bringing from fifty to sixty tons of Manchester goods for export, the increased quantities having been induced by the fact that there is now no transhipment from the time the articles are handed over by the manu- facturer until they are delivered to the wholesale dealer in London. The railway rate for this class of goods is 255. per ton by rail, while vi 4 the Ship Canal they are carried for 16s. Bd., a difference which on large consign- ments represents a very material saving.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0145.txt | included=true | included =====
VESSELS FOR THE CANAL.

A movement has been started at Manchester which may exert a very appreciable influence on the prospects of the Ship Canal. On the invitation of the solicitors to the Canal Company about fifty leading Manchester mer- chants met in that city on fuesday to consider a proposal to establish a line of steamers to trade direct between Manchester and Kurrachee and Bombay. It is said that Messrs. D. and C. Maclver, of Liverpool, London, and Manchester, whose line of steamers to Indian ports has existed a decade, intend adding four new steamers to their fleet. Before giving orders to the shipbuilders, they decided to give Manchester merchants the oppor- tunity of sharing in the enterprise and testifying in a substantial way their faith in the Ship Canal. At the meeting on Tuesday, the merchants were told that if they would subscribe a considerable portion of the capi- tal of the new steamers, thoseoressels would not only be constructed to meet the requirements of the canal, but I that they would be loaded in Manchester, and the cam- pans' would he registered as a Manchester one. A com- mittee was chosen to confer with Messrs. D. and C. Maclver, the details of the project being more conveni- ently discussed in that way ; and the result of the con- ference, with a report on the scheme, will be presented at another meeting.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0146.txt | included=true | included =====
SATURDAY'S GALE-ACCIDENTS AT RUNCORN.

It was with the utmost difficulty that the traffic be- tween the Bridgewater Lock and the Runcorn Docks was carried on across the Ship Canal on Saturday after. noon during the heavy gale. In ordinary weather small tugs are used for guiding vessels across the canal, but on Saturday the force of the wind was sufficient to drive them from the lock across the waterway' under bare poles." The schooner Cavalier, from Fowey, with china clay, had crossed the canal, and was being guided into the tidal basin of the dock with ropes, when these snapped, and the anchor had to be quickly dropped to prevent the vessel running into the dock wall. A sailor named Robert Johnson had been holding ,a rope, which had been passed over the gunwale, when the enormous strain caused it to come from the stanchion with fearnal force, and striking his arm, made a shocking gash and broke the limb between the elbow and the shoulder. He was attended by Drs. Robertson and Mackenzie, but the injury was so serious that he has been taken to a Liver- pool hospital. A few minutes later the ropes of another schooner snapped, and the vessel came afoul the Cavalier but, fortunately, no damage was done. On Monday, the steamship Lodore, belonging to Messrs. Fisher,, Renwick. and Co. and engaged in the London trade, ran into the Latchrord Locks and seri- ously injured her bowplate. On arriving at Runcorn she was tied up at the Runcorn Lay -by. THE DUES QUESTION AT RUNCORN.

On Wednesday evening a number of the gentlemen who have signed the requisition asking the Chairman of the Runcorn Improvement Commissioners to convene public meeting for the purpose of considering the dues and charges made by the Manchester Ship Canal Com- pany tepon Runcorn bound vessels met the members of the Legal and Parliamentary Committee in the Town Hall. The chair was occupied by Mr. J. Pritchard. and there was a good representative attendance. It was de- cided to appoint a committee to obtain all possible in- formation on the subject, and to embody the same in a report to be submitted to a fature meeting, so that a sabime could be prepared in readiness for presentation to the directors of the Ship Canal Company. THE ASSESSMENT OF THE SHIP CANAL.

At the tnonthiy meeting of the Warrington Assess- ment Committee, held yesterday, the Rev. G. F. Roberts presided. The Clerk (Mr. J. C. Sutton), read a report relative to the assessing of the Manchester Ship Canal. The report stated that a meeting of Clerks to the Assess- ment Committees, connected with townships adjoining the Ship Canal, had been held at the Lion Hotel, on the 18th January and the question of assessing the Canal undertaking was discussed a resolution was adopted to the following effect: That the Manchester Ship Canal cannot be satisfactorily assessed without a valuation of the undertaking as a wholel and that such valuation be made by the most competent valuers that can be ob- tained. Also, that it be an instruction to all valuers to apportion their valuations in proportion to their respective interests between the several unions atui the several townhipa in such unie.O.S4thlOAgh which

the canal passes, and that the several unions contribute to the costs of such valuation according to the amount of the valuation thrown on each. That in the event of tile Canal Company appealing against the assessments of any townships, based on such valuation as before mentioned, the costs of defending the said townships against such appeals be paid by the unions involved, so far as the law would allow, and in proportion to the rateable value of the said unions. The resolution further advised that no valuation be made of the canal for 12 months, and that in the meantime the Canal Company be charged the amount which they have been paying to make up the deficiency of the rateable value of each township, by reason of their tak- ing land for the construction of the Canal. Another clause in the resolution advocated the formation of a Committee which should endeavour to make some ar- rangement with the Ship Canal Company. The meeting was adjourned until thel3th of February.—The authority expressed themselves in favour of the terms of the re- solution, and it was decided that Mr. J. C. Sutton attend the adjourned meeting, accompanied by the Chairman, the Rev. G. F. Roberts.

===== 0002601_18940203_art0147.txt | included=true | included =====
DETAILS OF THE DEPOSITED BILL.

Under the bill which will be promoted next session by the Manchester Ship Canal Company, power is sought to construct a pier, about 600 yards in length, commencing on the seaward side and at the north-western end of the shortest of the entrAnce locks at Eastham. rower is also sought to construct a short railway in Runcorn, 6 fur- longs 6.5 chains in length, commencing at the boundary between the townships of Acton Grange and Moore and terminating by a junction with the Birkenhead, Lanca- shire, and Cheshire Junction Railway. The bill also proposes to confirm the construction of two jetties al- ready constructed from the southern and northern walls of Weston Marsh lock, and revives the expired powers granted in 1885 for the construction of a railway at War- I rington, commencing by a junction with a branch rail- way of the London and North-Western Railway and terminating in the Arpley Meadows. The preamble of the bill states that the greater part of the lands necessary for this railway had been acquired before the powers ex- pired. By clause 18 the Company ask to be empowered to appoint and license persons to act as pilots for navi- gating, conducting, and moving vessels within the canal I docks and basins of the Company and the approaches thereto, and to subject every person acting as pilot without a licence to a penalty of £5. By clause 19 power is sought to enable the Company to make by-laws with respect to (1) the carrying of animals imported from any country beyond the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, (2) the conduct of persons navigating or superintending such vessels, (3) the flying of a distin- guishing flag by all vessels having any such animals on board until such animals have been disembarked. Clause 20, upon which considerable opposition is expected, pro- poses to enact that "no vessel leading fir discharging any part of its cino in or at any part of the canal docks or basins or at any quay, wharf, pier, jetty, or work of the Company shall be liable to the payment of the wharf rate mentioned ia section 245 of the Mersey Docks Acts Consolidation Act, 1858, by reason of any portion of the cargo of such vessel being brought into or on any pier, landing-stage, quay, or premises of the Dock Board." Clause 21 proposes to exempt the canal from the pro- visions of the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, and by clause 23 power is sought to demand "reasonable rates and charges" for goods stored on any vessel or floating warehouse in the harbour and port of Man- chester, or in any timber ponds, or in or on any premises of the Company. Power is also sought under this bill' to supply water to vessels at "a reasonable charge," and penalties not exceeding £5O are sought to be inflicted on any person who casts any solid matter-into the canal, in addition to the cost of dredging for and removing such matter.

THE PR9POSED GRAVING DOCK FOR RUNCORN. At a meeting of the Runcorn Improvement Commis- sioners, on Thursday, Mr. Bisbrown introduced the subject of a graving dock which the Manchester Ship Canal Company had promised to provide for Runcorn. He stated that in March 1890, an agreement was made between the Commissioners and the Ship Canal Company to the effect that within twelve months of the opening of the canal a graving dock should be provided at Old Quay. It was an important matter to a large body of workieg- men in the town. Before the commencement of the Ship Canal there were three graving docks en the river side, viz., Castle Rock yard, Belvedere yard, and the Old Quay yard. After the channel was commenced these yards were closed, and the men were scattered in all directions. This affected a very important industry in the town, and he thought the Board should request the directors of the canal to take into consideration the provision of a dock without delay. He did not think that because they proposed providing it within twelve months, that they should not do so before that time had expired. If they could do it at once they would confer a benefit upon the inhabitants of the town, in which the ; trade at the present time was so bad. There was a I strong feeling among shipwrights respecting the matter. They had no desire to dictate to the Canal Company, they simply wishing to request them to take the impor• taut matter into thuir consideration at the earliest possi- ble moment. 1a bay Crnes there used to be something like 200 mechanics employed in the yards named. He would move that they write the Ship Canal Company, pointing out that the ship and boat building trade had been injuriously affected by the Ship Canal, and respect- fully urge them to push ferward with the graving dock. They had at the present time no provision for repairing ships. Be believed that the directors of the canal were honourable men, and that if the case were brought before them they would take some notice of their appeal.—Mr. Lightburn said they all felt the necessity of retaining for Runcorn so important a branch of trade as that of ship- building. They had obtained a clause for the dock, and if anything could be done to hasten the work, he would only be too pleased. He would, therefore, suggeat to the mover of the proposition that the subject be referred to the General Purposes Committee, in order that the whole thing might be thoroughly sifted.—Mr. Bisbrown con- sidered that the suggestion thrown out by Mr. Lightburn would be the wisest one, and therefore he had pleasure in moving that the subject be referred to the General Purposes Committee.—Mr. Lightburn seconded, and the motion was carried.

WARRINGTON TOWN COUNCIL.

SPECIAL MEETING.

- • A special meeting of the members of the Town Council was held at the Tcwn Hall on Monday evening, Alderman Holmes in the chair. The Press were excluded from the meeting.

THE TOWN HALL WALL. The question of the proposed alterations in front of the Town Hall was one of the matters considered, and after a long discussion it was decided that the Town Hall, Park, and Baths Committee be authorized to spend a sum not exceeding £550 for the removal of the wall be- tween the two existing gates and the laying out of the land, and to substitute an ornamental iron palisading with the central gates presented to the town by Mr. F. Monks J.P. A member made a proposition to the effect that the whole improvement be proceeded with at once, namely, that the wall should be demolished from the I entrance near Mr. Riley's office to Crosfield-st. This re- ceived the support of several other members, but ulti- mately, on the plea that the committee were .short of fends, the first-named scheme was agreed to, on the understanding that the improvement up to Crosfield-st. shall be carried out as soon as practicable.

A PROPOSED INCREASE OF SALARY. The Sanitary Works Committee have decided to re-- commend the Town Council to increase the saiary of Mr. James Deas, the manager of the Longford Del. 6-,, from £2OO to £3OO. This was brought forward for (: msidera- tion by Councillor Monks, but many of the me:nbers had then left the room, and there was no general ex- pzession of opinion with regard to the proposed increase. Councillor Monks submitted a statement showing the cost of the Longford Department for the two years pre- ceding, and for one year after Mr. Drag took up the- management, from which it would appear that the cost of working the department in 1890-91 was £2,167, in- -1891-92, £3,252, and in 1892-93, under Mr. Deas's management, £B7l. This extraordinary decrease is, of course, attributed to Mr. Deas's good management_ Mr. Deas has also increased the output by 100 tons per annum, which, at £5 a ton, represents an increased in- come of £5OO. He has also effected a considerable sav- ing in the cost of fuel. Formerly £2OO a year was spent, ,on fuel, but now one ton a week is made to suffice. The I wages paid are also less, although the machinery and, plant have been increased, and there is now no night work at the depot. It is under Mr. Deas's management that the system of collecting night soil has been changed from a day into a night collection, an improvement which the public generally most appreciate.

THE UNEMPLOYED, The unemployed in Warrington was the next question brought forward for consideration. Last week a deputa- tion waited upon the Town Clerk, when it was repre- sented to him that upwards of 400 people were still out. of employment. The deputation asked that the Corporation should provide work for them. Several of the members expressed the opinion that the statements made on behalf ot the unemployed had been greatly exaggerated, and that there was not sufficient distress in the town to warrant the interference of the Corporation. It wls decided not to take any steps in the matter.

MARKETS. IteirmeN, SATURDAY.-Fresh butter is 64 and Os Od_pf, lb.; fresh eggs, 8 for Is ; fowl, 45 Od to 000 d per couple.; (.5" 6s Od per couple ; geese Os to Od per lb. '-• turkeys Cs to Os Od per lb.; beef, 8d per lb.; mutton, 80 to Os ; pork Od to 80 per lb.; lamb Od to Od per lb. ; Teal Od txl.9d;- per lb. ; potatoes, 4s 3d to Os Od per load. Cheese 71d per lb. WIDNES, SITUBDAY.-Presh butter, Is 44 and Os Od per 11. ; fresheggs, 8 for Is ; fowls, 35 Od to Os per couple ; duck°. Os Od to Os per coup!e ; geese, td per lb. ; beef, TO to 94 per lb. ; mutton 44 to 6d per lb. ; pork, 91 to. Od per lb. ; rest, Od to ";c1 per lb. ; lamb, Od per lb. ; potatoes per load, 55 6d. WARRINGTON MARKET.—WimmisnAr, JAN. 31gr• FRUIT, VEGETABLE, BOUM' PY, BUTCHERS', AND FISHMONGERS' TABLE. b. d. a. a, S. d. d Beef, Eng„, 0 6itto 0 9 Melons each -. 06-0 B' Lamb per Qtr 17 6-25 0 Oranges, each 0 0-0 1 Mutton „ 0 6-0 10 Celery it, stick 0 2- 0 5 Veal „ „ - 0 9 Pears 0 2- 0 3 Pork „ 0 6-0 9 Aoricots each 0 0-0 19 Pork sides - 0 1 = cured 0 6-0 ij Cauliflowers ... 0 4 - 0 0 Wh,le pigs„ is 9 6-9 i Cucumberi, each 0 4 - 6. Geese „ - 0 1 Fow!is p couple 4 6-0 0 Tormtoes V tb Cl 0- 0 10 Chickens - 0 0 Filberts lb Ducks „ 6 0- 0 0 Spanish Onisas 0 0- 0 0 ILthhits Hares. ea'ch -0 0 Asparagus VlOOO 0- 0 0 Pigeons , - 0 0 Potatoes P load 3 0 -4. 0 Pari'idgebrace 4 0- 0 0 New potatoes,, 0 0 0 0 Grouse „ 5 0- 0. 0 it)ust,ro-ans Vit 0 0- 0 & Pheasants -0 0 Green Peas Vit 0 0 0 6 O Turkey 3 10-0 0 Butter, fresh It. 1 4-1 5 Green iprouts tt 0 3-0 0 Hen eggs 7& 8 1 0-0 0 Bans, kidney ris 0 2- 0 3 Dusk „ - 0 0 Pomegranates...o 1-O 0 Apples It, -0 3 Walnuts,, - 0 6' Onions.,, -0 2 Lemons „ 0 1-0 0 O Grapes „ 0 0- 1 0 Cheese fine 68 0-73 0 Pine Apple each 2 6.- 3 0 „ good 6O 0 -65 0 Greengages P ttO 0- 0 4 , ordinary 50 0-55 0 Ci erries „ 0 0- 0 0 Lobster fit ... 1 8- 0 0 Strawberries,, 0 0- 0 0 Turbot „ - 9 0 Damsons „ 02 - 0 0 S Amon „ - 3 3 O Plums , - 0 4 Whitings - 0 0 Gooseberries,, 0 0-0 0 FlukA „ - 3 0 Raspberries „00 - 0 0 Eels „ -1 6' O Black Currants 0 0- 0 0 Soles „ - 1 Red Currants 0 0- 0 0 Sparlings - 0 0 Marrows each 0 0- 0 4 Codfish „ - 0 0 Selkale It 00- 0 0 Maciierel each 00- 0 0 Rhubarb bch 0 5- 0 0 Ilerri,g V dozen 1 6-O 0

===== 0002601_18940203_art0148.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PASSENGER TRAFFIC AT RUNCORN.

Mr. Leach at the same ta.eeting said that another matter for consideration was the provision of a landing stage at Runcorn, in connection with the passenger traffic on the canal. It was likely that a number of persons would travel between Manchester and Liverpool along the undertaking, and it might be that some of them would desire to leave the vessel, or others might wash to get on board at Runcorn. It would be well, in his opinion, if they could persuade the Ship Canal Com- pany to provide a landing etage.—Mr. Meadowcroft : Perhaps they will want us to guarantee the number of passeisgers. (Laughter.)—Mr. Grice thought that the company ought to provide means for passengers entering or leaving vessels at Runcorn.—This subject was also re- ferred to the General Purposes Committee. RUNCORN PILO TS AND THE SHIP CANAL.

The Liverpool pilots, who form a somewhat ex- clusive body are making strenuous endeavours to capture the sole right to take vessels un the Ship Canal to Manchester. Great stress is laid upon the fact that other men engaged in navigating ships to the new seaport, are not licensed, and it, has been stated in the Liverpool press that they are little better than Mersey watermen. It is true that the Runcoin pilots are not licensed, but in addition to being a highly respectable body of men, they are, with one or two exceptions, ex-captains of schooners or steamers. Several of them have traded to foreign ports. The sta'ement that the " unlicensed men "are little better than Mersey watermen is thus too sweeping, and is certainly void of that accuracy which is usually ex- pected when technical matters are under discussion. In an interview, on Saturday, one of the oldest and most experienced pilots of Runcorn saia it was extraordinary that the Liverpool pilots should be displaying so much eagerness to obtain a monopoly of the Ship Canal pilot- age, where previously they have resolutely declined to lace the narrows and the currents of the Upper Mersey. The course of the deep from the Sloyne to Runcorn is most tortuous, and the channel to be navigated is in many places no wider, nor so wide, as the Ship Canal, while the currents are very peculiar,. and it says much for the skill and j4idgment of the Run- corn pilots that accidents so seldom occur. The ships might not be very large ones, but it was no mean feat to successfully bring vessels carrying 700, 800, or 900 tons lup to Weston Point with only a foot or two of water to spare. This experience, said the Runcorn pilot, had stood theta in good stead in navigating the Ship Canal, and there had only been one accident to a ship piloted by a Runcorn pilot since the waterway was opened: an in' that case The accident occurred through other causes. The statement that the only ship that passed up, the canal on the opening day "without casualty of any kind was that which chanced to be in charge of a licensed pilot" in fatly denied. About seven Runcorn pilots were in charge of ships on that day, and not one met with the slightest accident. It was a Runnorn pilot who was in eharge of ene of the biggest steamships, in the procession, the Edith Hough, and since that time Run- oorn pilots have taken some of the largest ships to Man- chester. "It is not the licence that makes the pilot," said the ex-captain interviewettl, "and I claim that the Runcorn men are quite as qualified and as practirally capable of taking a ship to Manchester as any licensed man from the seaport of Liverpool. All we ask for is a fair field and no favour, and if the Manchester Ship Canal do ultimately license pilots, I hope they will give the Runcorn men a chanee in the competition." A Liverpool man in conversation with our own reporter, a few days ago, stated that a great deal too much was being made of the accidents on the Ship Canal. Not a day passed scarcely, he said, but some vessel sustained damage at the Liverpool docks, and often of a far more serious character than any yet recorded on the Ship Canal. As the man in question is cooneeted with the shipping industry, his word is worth of weight. It is quite clear that the same look out is not kept for acci- dents at Liverpool docks as exists oa the banks esa the new watesvray.

Diphtheria has broken out in Croft. Orlle, death has already occurred, Miss Eva Cottalt grand- daughter of Mr. Birehall, of Oak Tree FiacOt eroft, hitvituf, (succumbed to likg diverise..

- Warringboia.—Ptinted and l'ublisheft by T0.a71 at Th.* Ezamister General Printing -W.,),:ks. 13.371 rts-,11-; and Published also at The Examiner tglicee, " Wiwi; High-streso.. nu/color Iva Market-GU-v.* ,189.4,

I

I

===== 0002601_18940203_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
A WONDERFUL WATCH." 0 Vs. th)roughly reliable all HAND-MADE SILVER ENG- LISH PATENT LEVER WATCH, capped. jewelled, and atted with SU:ONG CHAIN on FUSEE, HEAVY SOLID iIILVER HALL-MARKED CASES, well finished. and speCi- ally adapted to fit Alt in the pocket. " FOR FIFTY SHILL- INGS." This watch is timed to a minute, and will STAND ANY AMOUNT OF ROUGH WEAR. A WATCH that ARSOLUTI,LY DEFIES COMPETITION I A Bona fide Written Guarantee for Fifteen Years given with each watch, Thls Watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Crystal or Lmnette gla, s, at same price. To be obtained only from E. A. EU>TANCE, watchmakers. THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, Sankey-street, Warrington. N.B.—Sent post-tree to all parts of the United Kingdom on receipt of P. 0.0.

RUN CORN AG ED PERSONS TREAT. This Treat will tike place ON SHROVE; TUESDAY, February 6th, In the PUBLIC HALL. RUNuORN. Tea at Five, and entertainment at Seven. Artistes : • Professor Ve-ta and Mr. J. H. Gr, enwoosl, Chairman, Mr. E. Taylor, P. The public will be admitted to the entertainment only, tickets 6d. each.

POLICE COURT AND PRISON GATE MISSION (LIVERPOOL DIOCESAN C.E.T.S.) PUBLIC MEETING in CO-OPERATIVE HALL, CAIRO- ET, WARRINGTON. TUESDAY EVEN' G, FEB. 6TH, at 7.30. chairman, the RECTOR, Addresses. Lime Light views of the Work of Mission.

PETER'S CHURCH, WARRINGTON. TILI ANNI.IA.I. TEA. PARTY Amd JISTKRTAINMENT, will be beld on MONDAY EVEN- ING, FILBRILLRY bail, 1894. Tea on 'fables at Half past Six. Tickets, One Shillinv Each. After Tea, Sixpence. ettair to be taken at 7.30 by J. D. BUCKTON, Esq.

CAIRO-STREET CHAPEL, WARRINGTON. TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), PEBBLY ART 4th, 1894. Monthly Address to Workingmen by Rev. W. H. DRUMMOND. B.A. Sabject: Joseph Mazzini, the Prophet of Democracy. All seats free. Service at 6.30.

to LE AsAN T SATURD AY If UHT. CO-OPERATIVE HALL SA.NliiiY-STREET, WARRINGTON. TO-DAY (SATURDAY), FRBRUARY 3RD. 1894. GRAND RECITAL By MR. JOHN HARWOOD, of Manchester. A,chnission one Penny. Programme one Penny. To commence at 7.45 prompt.

WESLEYAN METHODIST CHURCH, WARRINGTON. SUNDAY, FEBRUARY Atli. Beld-Gt. : Rev. John Gunnell, Rev. G. D. Mason. liewsey- & : Mr. T. C. London, Rev. J. Kirtlan. Sankey Bridges: U. D. Mason, Mr. Isaac Johnson. All seats free at commencement of service. PRELIMINARY ANNOUNCEMENTS. siTburaday, Feb. 15, Rev. J. H. Hopkins (London). on 'The tee„ r Cry of Outcast London." Fe. 18, 19, 20, 21, 22. Rev. "• v• (*reeves (Liverpool), Evangelistic Mission.

.0111iG MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATIoN. JUBILEE YEAR. A PUBLIC MEETING in celebration of the above will be held in the CO-OPERATIVE HALL. SANKEY-ST. On FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 9vll. Speakers The Ven. the ARCHDEACON OF WARRINGTON, (Rey. Dr. Taylor.) W. H. HOPE Hag, Liverpool, and others. Music at intervals by Mr. R. H. Pearson and psrty. (Ladies Invitei). 'their to be taken at 8 p m. by John Fairelough, Esq,J.P. Collections to defray* expenses.

"FOR CHRIST AND THE CHURCH." YOUNG PEOPLE'S SOCIETY. OF CIIRP:TIAN ENDEAVOUR. THE FIRST CEIRISTIAN ENDEAVOUR CONVENTION. IN WARRINGTON. Will (P.Y.) be bed in It'3l,D STREET WESLEYAN SCHOOLROOM, On THURSDAY, FEBRUARY Bth, 1894. CONFERENCE at 3 p m. PUBLIC MEETING at 7-30 p.m. The following will take part in the nroceedings : Ben. W. BAIN ERIDGE, Chester; J. J. MUIR. F.L.S. Liverpool, J.E. ROBERTS, M.A.. (Co-Pastor with Dr, M'Laren), and W. H. TOWERS, Manchester. &c. &c. Also the following local ministers : Revs. W. d. KIRKLAND, J. KIR ULAN. Edward T. REED, D. W. ROBERTS, and John YONGE. ithe Christian Endeavour movement is inter-denomina- tional. All young people and the General Public are earnest- ly invited to attend. Ministers, Church Officials. Sunday &loci Workers, and Members of Z ung People's Societies, and Class Meetinvs, are especially urged to be present. Mr. SANKEY'S hymns will be sung.—Colleetion at even- INC Meeting for expenses.

WEDDING RINGS.-PURE GUINEA GOLD 22-CARAT WEDDING RINGS. Largest Stock and nbest value in the town or district. Sold by weight from ...se• ed. to 50s. All sizes and shapes. iocluding the Round and 4141-Round always in stock. Finger size cards pest free. E. AND A. EUSTANCE, TIIE ILLUILINATUD CLOCK, 43, SANKEY-STREET, WARRINGTON. N.B —Private Room for fitting. ESTABLISHED, 1864.

LIVERPOOL DIOCESAN SUNDAY SCHOOL INSTITUTE. EIGHTEENTH ANNUAL MEETING in Hope Hall, Liverpool, on TUESDAY EVENING, FEBRUARY 6Ts, 1894, Chair to be taken at 7.30 by the LORD BISHOP OF THE DIOCESE. 8P141"118 :—The REV. PREBENDARY LESTER, M.A. Warden of the Church Parochial Mission Society; The REV. F. S. WEBSTER , MA. Rector of St. Thomas', Birmingham ; HENRY HUTCHINSON, Esq. Of the Children's Special Service Mission,

WARRINGTON CHURCH SOCIETY. A LECTURE gYpt Ancient and Modern." Ilustrated by Lantern Views, will be delivered in fly S. JAMES' SCHOOLS. LATCHFORD, the Rev. FRANCIS SLATER, M.A., on FRIDAY. Ashrliss'o. 9TH FEBRUARY, at 8 p.m. '-'37 Ticket. 6d. each, to be obtained from the Hon. Secretary, or fr m the " Cfterver Office. Back The _ Seats, 3d. each. 'du trctures on the Prayer Book, by the Rev. Canon Dodd, liona2esurriPd in the National Schools, Church-street, on the 12th February, at 8 p.m. 15 HERBERT WOODS, Hon Sec. „ _

R INCIL 1 --MED FACILITIES FOR SAVINGS RANK DEPOSITORS. WARRINGTON SAVINGS BANK. ECTTERMARKET STREET. ESTABLISHED ME. x:IIIIS /IA •,„ o'''lBn4Y—S—u-'llCitilis4 Clo'Cleocnkp,aainlydEtoDB- - ' 811)4s , ' linztte., `JP ONE SHILLING , i from SATURDAYIIto 1 oN' cI lao cak NIGHTS W 6 AND UPWARDS received, . vilrehu to £5O in one year. £2:O receiveA in one year for All t a" uf Government Stock.—No charge for Pass Books. ra_nusactionis strictly private. Sums not exceeding £lO mount on seven days' s` u demand, and any a s' notice. y st#, TIM DEPOSITORS in this Bank now number 10,793, 111;47_,Tve to their credit £293,262 Os. 7d. The Official Receipt fti..._._"11114 that the Government holds on accoont of this Bank .I..__c .rnore than the above amount, can be seen by any ter:l and all Depositors are invited to examine, with I':f Pass Books, the Book of Extracted Balances (on the water) certifying the amounts due to them. 't JOHN RICHARD PICKMERE, Chairman. 3 WILLIAM LONG. vic,3-Chairman.

DRAPERY SALE. - W-• BENSON, 11, SANKEY-STREET WARRINGTON.

QUEEN'S HOTEL, (late Nag's Head), WAILILINGTON. DINNERS, LUNCHEONS AND TEAS. LAUREN CE FLOOD. PROPRIETOR.

QOUTHPORT, SIINNYSIDE HYDRO, Promenade extension. Physician, Dr. Bernardo. A summer and winter residence, combining all the comforts of a pleasant home. Sea view, parks, pier, and trains near. New Turkish and other baths, billiards, and tennis. Terms moderate.--J. Boococx proprietor.

LONDON. WILD'S TEMPERANCE HOTEL, 34 TO 40, LUDGATE HILL. HOMB COMFORTS. CLBANLINBSS AND QUINT. Central for business or pleasure.

PUPTURES. - FOR CURE OF RUPTURES. 11, T. IiOGGINGTONE Improved Effectual TEUSSfor Cure of Rupture; regietered ; consulting hours 10 till 3. Trues and Surgical Appliance Works, 7 & 9, Grosvenor-street, Lon- doa-rcad. Manchester.

H°' SFIELD AND SWAIN, Sharebrokers 26, Victoria-street, Manchester, buy and sell Shipeanal Shibres for immediate settlement.

M ASSAGE TAUGHT in Manchester; terms .£1 is. AYI for a course of six tessons.—Apply Miss GREENFIELD, Home for Hospital-trained Nurses and Paying Patients, Stamford-road. Bowdon.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE, LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT COMPANY, LIMITED. Head Moe: 168, ISLINGTON. LIVERPOOL. LOANS from £5 to £l,OOO on personal or other security. £l5, Repayable Os. Weekly, Entire Charge £1 2s. 3d. £5O. ~ 204• tP £3 9s. Od. £100„. 40s. ~ £6 16s. Od. ALilk. GORDON. Manager.

HARDAWAY AND TOPPING. (late BOULOGNE-SUR-11BR), FLUSHING, HOLLAND, Postage 2id. Daily Price List forwarded free on receipt of address. The Oldest Established Firm of Turf Commission Agents in the World. No representatives.

ESTABLISHED 1861. JAMES WEBSTER, MIDDBLBURG, HOLLAND. " The Turf Chronicle," containing the latest market movements on the LINCOLNSHIRE HANDICAP, GRAND NATIONAL, CITY AND SUBURBAN, DERRY, &a., and all other important events, forwarded free on receipt of Address. DOUBLE AND TREBLE EVENTS. STARTING PRICES ON ALL RACES. ACCUMULATIVE COMMISSIONS. NO STARTING PRICE LIMIT ON THE PRINCIPAL RACES.

DANCING.—Class for Beginners and Advanced Pupils daily (afternoon and evening); Private Lessons and Practice with lady assistants at any hour; complete system of instruction. Adults who have never learned to dance thoroughly taught; age Immaterial; proficiency guaranteed; professional lessons given; Skirt Dances; Fancy Dances ; lolanthe ; the Barn Dance, and all latest novelties ; Schools and Famalies attended ; fees moderate. Prospectus containing full particulars on application. THE MeaccHEsTirs ACADEMY of DANCING, Thornleigh, 68, Upper Brook-street, Manchester. Principals: Mr. and Mrs. GEORGE ALEXANDER.

WORLD'S FAIR, CHICAGO. Mr. R. C. HUGHES, having visited the above, as well as the United States and Canada.is OPEN to ENGAGE- MENT to give LECTURES, with Limelight Illustrations, of the WORLD'S FAIR., And of all places of interest in North America. For terms for one lecture or a series apply to 2, Temple- roal, Birkenhead.

FRODSHAM SAVINGS BANS. THIS Bank will be OPENED for Business each THURSDAY from 12 o 1 o'clock as heretofore, antt In addition on SATURDAY EVENINGS, from 6 to 7 o'clock. Deposits can now be made from one shilling to FIFTY POUNDS in any one year and to the extent of TWO HUNDRED POUNDS IN ALL JOHN POLLARD. Secretary.

ST. BARNABAS NATIONAL SCHOOLS' WARRINGTON. A SPECIAL EFFORT is now being mate to relieve those gentlemen who guaranteed to the Bank, the amountbor- rowed tc pay off the balance of the debt upon the school buildings—of this, there still remains to be raised about £l5O There is likewise the cost of street making £66 us. Id. with interest, and a sum necessary to pay for paving the school yards, say £3O, making altogether about £250 to be raised. It is intended to hold a SALE of WORK in May, the date to be fixed later on. Subscriptions may be paid to any of the following : B. 3. DENHAM H. KENT THOMAS EVANS T. H. A. PILKINGION W. GORSE R. PROUD. R. T. SMITH,

TOSEPII. BATTERSBY CALDWELL DECEASED. ty Pursuant to Mil Act of Parliament made and passed in the 22nd and 23rd years of the reign of her pres-nt Majesty cap 35 intituled "An Act to further amend the Law of Pro- perty and to relieve Trustees." Notice is hereby given that all creditors and persons HAVING ANY CLAIMS OR DE- MANDS upon or against the estate of Joseph Battersby Caldwell, late of 210 Longford-street, Warrington. in the County of Lancaster Retired Farmer deceased, who died on the 16th day of August, 103, and whose Will was proved by the undersigned Arthur Browne,one of the Executors therein named, on V- e 15th day of January, 1894, in the District Registry of the Probate Division of the High Court of Justice at Liverpool are here' y required to send in the particulars of their claims and demand, to me the said Arthur Browne, on or before the fifteenth day of March next, and notice is here- by given that after that clay I the said Executor will proceed to distribute the Assets of the deceased among the parties entitled thereto having regard only to the clhims of which I. the said Executor shall then have notice, and, that I will not be liable for the assets or any part thereof so distributed to any person of whose debt or claim I skill not the'e have had notice. Dated this 2nd day of February. 1894. ARTHUR BROWNE. Solicitor; the above named Executor. 1, Cloth Hall Yard, Warrington,

NEWTON-IN-BIAKERFIELD IMPROVEMENT COMMISSIONERS. Nom% IS HEREBY GIVEN that at a meeting of the Newton-in-Makerield Improvement Commis- sioners duly convened, and holden in the Town Hall, in Earlestown, in the District of Newton-in-Makerfield aforesaid on the eighth day of January, 1894, the following resolution was passed :—Reeolved—" That the Improvenent Commis- sioners for the District of Newton-in-Makerfield in the County of Lancaster, being the Urban Sanitary Authority for such district DO HEREBY ADOPT the following Acts of Parlia- ment to wit the Public Health Amendment Act 1890 (53 and 54 Viet. ch. 59.), and the Private Street Works Act 1892 (55 and 56 Viet. ch. 57.); such Acts to come into operation and to extend and apply to the said district of Newtoa-in-Makerfield en and from the 20th day of Fentuary, 1894." Dated this ninth day of January, 1894. JAMES E. WORSLEY, Law Clerk to the Commissioners. Town Hall, Earlestown, Newton le-Willows.

EARLESTOWN DISTRICT SCHOOL.-ELEC- TION OF MANAGER. A MEETING of SUBSO4IBERS, qualified to vote in the election of Managers. will he h,id in he SCHOOLROOM, on THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 15th, a 4.30 pm.. for the purpose of electing a Manager in place of Mr. J. W. Thorpe, resigned.

DRINK " COMFORT" TEA " Cis the result of 25 OMFORT " years' experience "COMFORT' TEA TEA in the Tea . is the cheapest and Trade. best Tea in England REGISTERED. at the price. 1/—, 1/4, 1/8, 2/ PER Lli. SOLE PACKER AND BLENDER. H. E. HAWTITORNE, 29, WINWICK-ST., WARRINGTON. AGENTS WANTED EVERYWHERE.

DR. FOX'S COUGH AND VOICE WAFERS THE GREAT REMEDY. FOR COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, INFLURNZIA, HOARSENESS, LOSS OP VOICE AND ALL AFFECTIONS OF THE CHEST AND LUNGS. Being prepared from Fruits and Herbs only, may be taken with perfect safety by Old and Young. Sold eyerywbere in tins, Is. 11d. each by Chemists and Medicine Vendors. SOLE PROPRIETOR— GEORGE EADE. 72, GOSWELL-ROAD, LONDON, A Tut SENT FREE ON REeRIPT OP STAMPS.

BRAND'S BEEF BOUILLON. BRAND'S BEEF BOUILLON. BRAND'S BEEF BOUILLON. A MOST NUTRITIOUS AND INVMORATING BEVBRAGN. Made by the Simple Addition of Boiling Water. At a Cost within the reach of all. 11. LITTLE STANHOPR-ST.. IefATIPAIR, W

BOROUGH Or ' WARRINGTON. WARRINGTON CONCENTRATED MANURE. MR, JOSEPH BIBBY. 68, ST. JAMBS-ST.. LATCHFORD, SALESMAN AND AGBNT from whom all particulars can be obtained. Attends Warrington Corn Market every Wednesday.

WAR RINGTON CORPORATION CONCENTRATED HANCE& Sixteenth Season. GEMERAL AGEXT :—Mx. WM. HOUGHTON, PADDINGTON, NEAR WARRINGTON.

WARRINGTON CONCENTRATED MANURE.- Agent ; Mr. JOSEPH TAYLOR, Lion Hotel, War- rington, who will attend the Warrington, Northwieh, Ches- ter, and Knutsford Markets. All orders promptly executed. Analysis and testimonials an application.

IMPORTANT TO FARMERS, GARDENERS, &c. FOR SALE A LARGE QUANTITY OF LOOD AND BONE MANURE. APPLY:— J. TOOLE HORSE SLAUGHTERER. FOUNDRY-ST., WARRINGTON.

CORPORATION OF THE, CITY OF MANCHESTER. CONCENTRATED MANURE Made from Slaughter-house and Market Refuse. Excrement from Pail Closets. BLOOD, BONES, FISH, &C., Delivered in bags, carriage paid, at RS per Ton. Special price over 150 miles. SUPPLY STRICTLY LIMITED. ORDERS should be given early in the Season to prevent disappointment. FULL PARTIOULARS FROM R. D. CALLISO N, INDOOR SUPRRINTENDENT, CLEANSING DEPARTMENT, TOWN HALL, MANCHESTER. OR TO MR. BOLD ALDRED, • STAMFORD ROAD, ALTRINCHAM.

SMITH'S TASTELESS DANDELION ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. is. 3.0. and 2s. 9d. per box (by post for 15 or 33 stamps), are a proved substitute for calomel. z, re suited for either sex, and may be taken at czny time. They clear the liver, stomach, head and kidneys; free the skin of humours, purify the blood, regulate the bowels with comfort and safety, after excess in eating or drinking. and are the most valuable at change of life, or periodical obstruction. No Blue Pill or Mer- curials, hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, M.P.S., 280, Walworth-road, London. PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CELEBRATED CORN BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, is. lid., per box, by post for 15 stamps ; a known cure, however bad the case. SMITH'S INVALUABLE PILE POWDERS, AND PECTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZENGES SAME PRICES. Sold by all Patent Medicine Vendors.

hipping ilottress.

T HITE MSATIAL REITEALMINERES. ROYAL • 4Ctell'S LIVERPOOL t NEW YORK via Queenstown, EVERY WEDNESDAY. *MAJESTIC...Wed— Feb. 7 GRII Y 1 AN IC Wed.. Feb.l4. Cotton not carried on Passenger Steamers. Second Cabin will be cameo on toe voyage marked thus*. Steerage passage including Outfit free of charge to New York, Boston, and Vhiladelphia, at low rates. The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class, uniform ha model and arrangements, and unsurpassed in the completeness of their appointments. Saloon and State Room amidships. Apply to lastAy, Imam, and Co., 34, Leadenhall-street. London. 8.C.. and 10, Water-street, Liverpool.

EMIGRATION TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD: JOHN WALKER AND CO., Of:! " EXAMINEE" OFFICE. WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOR IUNARD LINE for NEW YORK every SATUR- DAY, and for BOSTON every THURSDAY.

AMERICAN LINE—SOUTHAMPTON to NEW yORK, direct every SAT ITEDAY, and LIVERPOOL to PHILADELPHIA, every WEDNESDAY.

NEW ZICALAND, TASMANIA, and AUSTRALIAN LINES landing passengers en route at Tonerige, Cape Town. and at Hobart. &c.

DAY. SON, AND HEWITT'S " OEWINAL" AND CELEBRATED • LAMBING AND CALVING NEMEDIES. THE CHEMICAL EXTRACT. For Anointing after Calving and Lambing. For Straining and Preventing Gangrene. For all Sores, Wounds, and Swollen Udders. For Sore Throats, Strains, and Rheumatism. Priee 2s. 6d., 33. 6d.. and 7s. per Blttle. THE RED DRENCH. For Cleaning after Lambing and Calving. For Hide-bound, Red Water, and Yellows, For Chills, Fevers, and Loss of Cud. For Preventing Milk Fevers and Quarter 111. Price 39. 6d. per doz. (Ewes); 13s. per doz. (Cows). THE GASECIVS FLUID. Cures General Debility in Stock. Cures Low Condition, and Hoven or Blown Cures Sour, or Diarrhoea. and Colic, or Gripes. Cures Coughs, Colds, and Loss of Appetite. Price is. 9d. per bottle; 20s.per dozo'n. THE GASEODYNE. Used as Laud ,num. for Deadening Pain. For Severe Diarrhoea and Influenza. For Paining in Bad Lambing ,and Calving. For Influnmatory Colic. and Lung Disorders. Price 3s. 6d. per bottle. SPECIAL LAMBING AND CALVING CHESTS. with "Ruiz. TO FARRIERY." complete. £3 3s, and £1 10s. carriage paid, PAMPHLRT ON LAMB- AND CALVING DISORDERS, by Mr. T. G. Hewitt, M.H.C.V.S,, London, Gratis and post free. ROYAL ANIMAL MEDICINE MANUFACTORY. 22, DORSET-STREET, LONDON, W.

EVANS' ANNUAL STOCK-TAKING SALE . Is NOW TAKING PLACE. ENORMOUS REDUCTIONS IN ALL DIIPAIMIENTS. EvA N 5, 17, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

TRY THE MANATOLA BLEND CEYLON TEA 2s. PER LB. SOLD in lib- Packets, Scl. each W. H. HURST, 28, MARKET-STREET, WARRINGTON.

Miss CHARLES. (LATE OF 3, SANKEY-STREET), WARRINGTON, LADIES OUTFITTER, Has OPENED the SHOP 11, MANDS-STREET in the Above Business. Renewal of Customers' past favours will be much esteemed. Registry for experienced servants.

rriIOMAS COWDELL. ESTATE AGENT, 1. SILL-ST., MARKET PLACE. WARRINGTON. Rents collected in Town or Country. Agent to Royal and Liverpool ansl London and Globe Insurance Companies.

THOMAS FRAIN, RENT and DEBT COLLECTOR, House, Estate, and General Commission Agent, 39, GLADSTONE STREET, WARRINGTON. RENTS AND ACCOUNTS regularly collected in town or oonntry.—DEßTS PURCHASED. References and Terms on application. Communications promptly attended to.

(nutatton. -

UNIVERSITY SCH.OOL, SOUTHPORT. A most successful Boarding School for Boys. T. IsgEßwooD, 8.A., Principal.

MR. J. J. LYTIEGOE, L. L. C. M., Professor of Music, 16, Bold-street, Warrington. Quarter corn- meneas with first lesson.

LADIES' SCHOOL,MELCHET HOUSE, LYTHAM. —lnclusive terms, special for clergy, references to parents, vazaney for articled pupil.—Principals, the Misses IiALICET (Miss. S. Halket,L.L.A.)

HOLLY BANK, FRODSHAM BOARDING and DAY SCHOOL for Girls, Principals :—TM) Misses LAYCOCK. Pupils prepared for the Local Exams. The Next Term commences January 21st,

M.ISS LEILA BAIRSTOW, L.C.M., resumes lessons in Warrington, January 23rd. Singing and Voice Production (Italian method). Schools visited. Terms, &c.—Apply Mr. PARSON, 10, Bold-at.

ONDON BOARDING SCHOOL FOR GIRLS, Li Clarence House, 70, Kennington-road. Country pupils much improved by short residence in London. Governess pupil wanted; terms 105. per week.—Address PRINCIPAL.

CLAREMONT, MOUNT EPHRAIM - ROAD, STREATHAM, LONDON. PREPARATORY SCHOOL for the Sons of Gentlemen, (Established 1881.) Tutor a.B.A. London. Principal—Miss JULIA GRIFFITHS. Prospectus on Application.

HOME SCHOOL far YOUNG LADIES. Every comfort, careful training, first-rate professors, accom- plishments, all exarmiations, good house, healthy suburb, drilling, tennis,&c.—Misses LAMB. Grove Park, Lee, S.E.

- -- L ADIES' COLLEGE, FORMBY-BY-THE-SEA, Between Bout hi,ort and Liverpool, conducted by Mrs, and Miss CHRISTOPHERS, Companion Boarder desired for little girl of twelve. Good education; comfortable borne and careful trgining. Inclusive moderate terms. Prospectus on application.

ARCVILLE COLLEGE, EAST PARADE, RHYL. Hich-class Education for Girls. Resident English and foreign certificated governesses. Visiting masters. Univer- sities and R.A.M. examinations. Reference kindly permitted to the Lord Bishop of Bangor, and Rev. R. Rose, Haslington Vicarage, near Crewe. Principal: Miss MissciEs.

WELLINGTON COLLEGE, WELLINGTON, SHROPSHIRE. RE-OPENS ON THE 22/ip JANUARY FOR BOARDERS. The most complete Private School Premises in the Mid- lands. Splendid situation. Eleven Masters, Eight of whom are Resident. Prospectus on application to the Principal, Mr. J. BAYLEY.

KNUTSFORD.-HEATH SIDE COLLEGIATE SCHOOL (Founded 1850).—BOYS BOARDING AND DAY SCHOOL. Exceptionally healthy. Perfect drainage. Fine premises. Thorough modern education. Boys pre- pared for the professions, Civil Service, bank, office, or busi- ness. Special individual attention to backward or delicate boys. Preparatory Department under a Resident Governess. Inclusive fees. Prospectus at Gait's, 2, Corporation-st., Man- chester, or the School. NEXT TERM BEGINS January 22.

MANCHESTER GRAMMAR SCHOOL Fee £4 4s. per term. The next TEII3I begins TUESDAY. JANUARY lfrrn, 1894. Entrance Examination MONDAY, JANUART 15th, at 9 a.m. Prospectuses, Forms of application, ntay be had at the Behold. OWEN W. COX. Clerk and Receiver. N.B.—Boarding House open under the sanction of the Governors.

WIDNES ACADEMY OF MUSIC. '1 PRIVATE LESSONS. SELECT DAY AND EVENING CLASSES. PIANO, ORGAN, HARMONICId, VIOLIN, VOICE PRODUCTION, HARMONY, COUNTERPOINT, COMPOSITION. THREE FREE SCHOLARSHIPS • Tenable one year. Thirty-three certificates and prizes gained by students during the year 1891. Prospectus on Application to THE PRINCIPAL.

HODGKINSON'S CLEARANCE SALE. HODGKINSON'S CLEARANCE SALE. HODGKINSON'S CLEARANCE SALE. WILL COMMENCE ON WEDNESDAY WEEK, FEBRUARY 14. WEDNESDAY WEEK, FEBRUARY 14. WEDNESDAY WEEK, FEBRUARY 14. THIS WILL BE A VERY IMPORTANT SALE. 465 AND 48 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON. HODGKINSON'S CLEARANCE SALE. HODGKINSON'S CLEARANCE SALE. HODGKINSON'S CLEARANCE SALE. WILL COMMENCE ON WEDNESDAY WEEK, FEBRUARY 14. WEDNESDAY WEEK, FEBRUARY 14. WEDNESDAY WEEK, FEBRUARY 14.

A PERFECT MEDICAL ELECTRIC BATTERY With all the necessary appliances. FOR ONE GUINEA. AU those who suffer from Rheumatism, Sciatica, Indiges- tion, Neuralgia, Headache, or any kind of Nervous prostra- tion will find a speedy and Sure Care in Cohen's Unique guinea set of Electric Apparatus. A MARVELLOUS CURE. Brook Bank, Tirnperley. Aug. 23, 1893. DEAN SIB, I bought a Battery from you about two-and-a- half years ago to treat myself for Indigestion and Constipa- tion fronywhich I had suffered, for 40 years. After using the Battery for two months. lam glad to say the pain gradually ceased and I kayo not been troubled with them since. Yours sincerely Herr Cohen. J. RAY. RHEUMATISM RELIEVED. Dams Six— I am pleased to say that I have derived great bene- fit from the use of your Med ical Electric Battery for Rheumatism in my hands and feet and have felt better in myself since using Yours truly. F. PRATT. Full particulars, Testimonials, &c., on application to MANCHESTER ELECTRIC BATH CO.. 130,. PORTLAND ST., MANCHESTER. HERR COHEN, PRINCIPAL.

TANNERS' LANE COAL WHARF, WARRINGTON. THE PEARSON AND KNOWLBS COAL AND IRON COMPANY, LIMITED, INCB HALL COLLIERIES, NEAR WIGAN. LOCAL MANAGER, ALFRED PERRIS. AN kinds of House Coal, Nuts, Burgy, and Engine Fuel kept in stock. Wagons sent to any Railway Station, House orders promptly attended to. N.B.—Orderareceived also at 19.5, Sankey-st.

FOR BARGAINS IN TOOLS, CUTLERY, HARDWARE AND IRONMONGERY, GO TO M. NEEDHAMS, 31,, and 33, QUEEN-STREET, EARLESTOWN. NO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED.

ITITSWORTH BROS. SUPERIOR TAILORING I NEW OVERCOATS, WARMTH WITHOUT WErGHT. NEW SUITINGS, NEW TROUSERINGS, IMMENSE STOCK FIT, STYLE, AND FINISH. AT STRICTLY MODERATE CHARGES. INCREASING SUCCESS! THE RECOMMENDATION OF PATRONS IS THE SECRET. UNSWORTH BROS., THE POPULAR IFAILORS 24, 26, 47, & 49, HIGH-STRERT, RUNCORN.

WORTHINGTON'S BURTON ALBS AND STOUTS. FINDLATER'S DUBLIN INVALID AND OTHER STOUTS. GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT IN OASIC OR BOTTLX. FINDLATBR'S STOUTS may now be had in 4i gallon casks. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS in bottles only. J. M. BEACON. BREWER'S AGENT AND BOTTLER, 14, ST. JAMES-ST., WARRINGTON.

Publftationg.

4(k How TO ENSURE HEALTII."—A medical work giving Prescriptions and Instrestioas for the cure of all kinds of Del ility ; post free, two stanaps.—Address Dr. BARNES, 48, Lonsdale Square, Barnsbury, London, N.

SPECIAL DISCOUNT SALE ! ! ! DURING THE MONTH OF JANUARY. FROM MONDAY, Brn, TO WEDNESDAY, 31ST. OUR ORDINARY QUOTATIONS WILL BE SUBJECT TO A SPECIAL DISCOUNT OF 15 PER CENT., 3s. IN THE FOR PROMPT CASH ONLY, BOYDELL BROS. HIGH CLASS TAILORS. 375 BRIDGE STREET, WARRINGTON.

• HALL'S MY HATTER. NEW SHAPES, NEW STYLES, AT LOWEST PRICES FOR THE WINTER. HATS AND CAPS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION • Can be obtained at HALL'S NOTED HAT SikOP, 1, MARKET GATE. WARRINGTON,

SHIP CANAL. AMAWSON AND CO. Will have (D.V.) a GRAND AQUATIC TRIP FROM WARRINGTON TO LIVERPOOL AND NEW BRIGHTON AND BACK, On SATURDAY after WALKING DAY. By First Class Steamers. Farther particulars will be given in February next.. IVIAWSON AND CO., 35, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

THE • MANCHESTER CLOTHING DEPOT 8 8: ; 101 HORSEMARKET-ST., WARRINGTON. EXTENSIVE ALTERATION AND IMPROVEMENT OF PREMISES. THE M.O.D. are now displaying in their NEW AND MAGNIFICENT RANGES, a greeter variety than ever of THE LATEST PRODUCTION in MEN'S YOUTHS' and BOYS' OVERCOATS. A FEW LEADING LINES ARE MEN'S Double-Breasted MUNSTERS or GREATCOATS (Lined Wool). MEN'S • Double-Breasted -MUNSTERS or GREATCOATS (for Travelling) MEN'S Double-Breasted MUNSTERS or GREATCOATS (with or without c' 21/ TO 50/— belts) 21/—To 50// in Heavy Wool FRIEZES, Cheviots, and Serges MEN'S Chesterfield OVERCOATS. with Velvet Collars, (Long Lengths) MEN'S Chesterfyld OVERCOATS, 18/6 with Velvet Collars (Short Lengths) FROM FROM 18/6 In the Special Diagonal Serges. In Choice Hopsac Serges. In the New Kyrle Serges. MARVELLOUS VALUE. MEN'S Chesterfield OVERCOATS, in Fine Blue Beavers with Bilk Velvet 21/— Collars MEN'S Chesterfield OVERCOATS in all Wool Indigo-Dyed Beavers. All Wool Milled Meltons .to., with Silk26/6 TO 38/ Velvet Collars MEN'S CAPE, Chesterfields (Extra j Q it; long Capes) Ili/ TO ,MEN'S INVERNESS CAPES. (lined22/6 60/ through TO MEN'S SCOTCH CLOAKS, (with 0r29 f • without sleeves) Aw/ it I/ TO 60/ In Heavy Stylish Tweeds—Value Unequalled. THE M.C.D. are showing a large and Choice Variety of Youths' and Boy's OVERCOATS FROM 15/ TO 35/ YOUTH'S Double-Breasted MUNSTERS (Lined Wool) YOUTH'S Double-Breasted MUNSTERS (The Fashionable Coats.) YOUTH'S Double-Breasted MUNSTERS, (with or without belts.) In Choice SELECTIONS of FRIEZES, CHEVIOTS, TWEEDS, Ac., Ac. YOUTH'S Chesterfield OVERCOATS. with Velvet Collars. In Special Twill and Diagonal Serges in the New Kyrie and Hopsac Serges. In Fine Blue Beavers and all Wool Meltons FROM 1016 THE M.C.D. YOUTH'S CAPE, Chesterfields (lictra long). YOUTH'S INVERNESS CAPES, (lined through). YOUTH'S SCOTCH CLOAKS, (with long Cape 11 /9 401— FROM / TO BOY'S CAPE, Chesterfields, (Extra long). BOYS' INVERNESS CAPES. (liped through). BOYS' SCOTCH CLOAKS. (with long capes), in a Splendid assortment of Fashirialtei 6/6 TO 25/ Tweeds, Ac. THE AT.C.D. Ave a choice range of JUVENILE OVERCOATS, hands only trimmed with Astrachan or Kyrle very fashionable FROM 1.1/—. THE M.C.D. Stock of BOYS' Double- Breasted REEFER OVERCOATS contains new features for Juvenile wear. BOYS' D.B. REEFERS, in Blue Naps with gilt buttons FROM 4/6 BOYS' D.B. REEFERS in Heavy Tweeds, (braided sailor collars) FROM 5/9 BOYS' D.B. REEFERS in Special Serpa and Kyrles FROM 6/ • OBE THE M.C.D. WINDOWS. S & 10, 11011SEMARKET-ST., WARRINGTON.

IF YOU ARE IN DOUBT as to the BEST PLACE TO BUY LINOLEUM CARPETS AND CHAIRS For Office or Home use, go to HEMBRY'S, and pm ill get genuine goods that will btlnd hard wear at a moderate price: fitted by iltstelass workmen. B.HEMBRY & CO., 43, and 47, CROSS-STREET, ALBERT-SQUARE. Telephone No, 53T.

LADIES DON'T BE IMPOSED UPON WHEN YOU ASK YOUR GROCER OR CHANDLER FOR OCOURE E, SEE THAT YOU GET IT. It is undoubtedly the Finest Metal Palish on the Market.. WHOLESALE PROM 12 14, JOHNSON-STRDNIT, DALE-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

SUNLIGHT SOAP COMPETITIONS. . Prizes of , Bicycles, Watches, , . .1? —,- 232,000 and Books, value £4 1 99 0 4 ~ , • The First of these Monthly Competitions will be , 'l3--'7l\---- held on January 31st, 1894, to be followed by ,: - AA ' *ma -- _ _lrei: s others each month during 1894. i Ill* , - - / Competitors to save as tnany " SUNLIGHT " Soap Wrappers as they can collect. Cut off the top portion of each wrapper—that portion containing the heading "SUN. , -•- LIGHT SOAP. These (called the " Coupons ") are to be sent, enclosed with a sheet of paper on which ' the Competitor has written his or her full name and address, and the number of coupons sent in, postage paid, to Messrs. Lever Brothers, Limited, Port Sunlight, near Birkenhead, marked on the Postal Wrapper (top left-hand corner) with the NUMBER of the DISTRICT Competitor lives in.

oil For this Competition the United Die. Kingdom will be divided into trict. 8 Districts as under:

4 NORTHUMBERLAND, DURHAM, and YORK- SHIRE.

6 CUMBERLAND. WEST- MORELAND,SRE.,a nel ISLEi'AN C OAP- MAN.

6 WALES, CHESHIRE, STAFFORDSHIRE, SHROPSHIRE, WOR- CESTERSHIRE, MON- MOUTHSHIRE, and HEREFORDSHIRE.

Every month, in each of the 8 dis- tricts, the 5 Competitors who send the largest number of Coupons from the dis- trict in which they reside, will each receive, at winner's option, a Lady's or Gent's " Premier " Safety Cycle, with Dunlop Pneumatic Tyres, value g2o* The next 20 Competitors will each receive, at winner's option. a Lady's or Gent's " Waltham " Stem-Winding Silver Lever Watch, value 45. The next zoo Competitors will each receive a Book,' published at ss. The next 300 Competitors will each receive a Book, published at 35. 64. The next .too Competitors will each receive a Book, published at is. 64. The next 500 Competitors will each receive a Book, published at is. The next s,cooo Competitors will each receive a Book, published at is. RULES. L The Competitions will Close the last day of each month. Coupons received too late tor one month's com- petition will be pot into the neat. Si. Competitors who obtain wrappers from unsold soap in dealer's stock will be disqualified. Et= of Messrs. Lever Brothers, Limited, sod their are debaPred from competing. lIL A printed list of Winners of Bicycles and Watches, and of Winning Numbers of Coupons for Books In Competitor's District will be forwarded, 91 days after each competition clam to those competitors who send , Half-penny Stamp lot Postage, but in all CUSS where this is done, "Stamp enclosed" should be written on the form. Messrs. Lever Brothers, Limited, will award the miaa fairly to the best of their ability and judgment. but It is understood that all who compete agree to accept the award of Messrs. Lever Brothers, Limited. as Anal.

,11, GENTS WANTED.—£3 weekly can be earned calling upon shops with saleable specialities.—X.Y.Z.. 63, Borough-road, London.

WATITED.—Dress-making APPRENTICES. —Apply, W. HODGICINSON, 46, and 48, Bridge-street, War- rington.

A GENT WANTED. £26 per quarter, paid weekly, splendid lA. opening. Experience unnecessary. Specimens free.— Address COMPO WORKS, Earn worth, Bolton.

TOIRINTING ! Memorandums, Account Heads, Envelopes, Business Cards, Visiting Cards, Tea and Concert Tickets. is. 6d. 100.— FRANCIS, Printer, Wednesbury.

SOLE PROTECTED AGENCIES given for the Falcon Pure Yeast. Rest on market. Once used alwAys in demand. —Write for report and terms, FALCON YEAST COMPANY, Cradley,Cradley Heath.

WANTED, by London. Edinburgh, and Glasgow Assur- ance Company. Additional AGENTS for Warrington and District, every encouragement to respectable men.— Apply to JAMES SEDDON, 131, Liverpool-road, Warrington,

TOBACCONISTS commencing. Md. Guide (post free). 1 How to commence.—TonsccoxisTs' OuTrirruiG Co., 186. Euston-road, London, Manager, Hr. Mrxns, Est. 1866.

r EFT OFF CLOTHES bought, best price for parcels for- Li warded, if not approved, goods returned.—JAMES Goa- MAN, New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 326, 328, and 346, Deansgate, Manchester.

SECOND-HAND DRESS SUITS, Military, Theatrical,Band Uniforms for sale or hire.---JAmEs GORMAN, New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 326. 328, and 346, Deauszate, Manchester. Also Gentlemen's misfit Suits perfectly- new at a third oust price.

YOUNG LADIES who want to be independent and make their way in the world should write for pros pPctus of the SCIENTIFIC DRESS-CUTTING ASSOCIATION, 272, Regent-circus, London. W. Situations found for all pupils at good salaries. • The Original and Common-sense SCIENTIFIC DRESS- CUTTING ASSOCIATION (Copyright for Europe and Colonies. Estbd. 12 years) require Agents and Teachers in all places where they are not represented. Apply to MANAGING DIRECTOR, 272, Regent-circus, London, W.

Ifiontp.

£2OOOOO At from 4 per cent. (trust and other money) to be Advanced on Mortgage or Deposit of Deeds, in sums to suit borrowers, in any part of the country.—J. W. READER, 5, Cook-street, Liverpool. Tel. No. 5,182.

D., —Thls temporary loan w-mted from a private source XIL• O. for 14 days when advertiser receives £2OO. A bonus of £5 paid for immediate advance and lender fully secured by holding security value over twice Ole amount. No loan offices.—Apply ALPHA, Examiner Office, Warrington.

A LADY HAVING CASH at her dispos d, is open to make LA_ Temporary Cash Advances of £3 and upwards, in con- fidence, to respectable houseLolders, who wish to avoid the usual unpleasantness and routine of a loan office; no sureties are asked for, and habitual borrowers deed not apply.— Apply personally, or by letter, Mrs. MOREW9OD, 94, Widnes- road, W.dnes.

NO FEES UNLESS CASH IS ADVANCED. STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO upwards on BORROWERS' OWN PROMISSORY NOTE WITHOUT SURETIES. Upwards of £70,000 now being lent annually. For prospectus and terms, apply to GEORGE PAYNE, Accountant, 20, Kennedy-st., Manchester. ESTABLISHED 1870.

APPLY AND BE CONVINCED. A K. PRICE, 27 Cheetham Hill Road, Manchester, ill is prepared to ADVANCE LOANS from £5 and up- wards to respectable Householders, Tradesmen, Farmers and others, without Bondsmen or Sureties. at the following scale of interest : £5 LOAN TO BE REPAID £lO II „ £5 „ ~£lB 15 0 £2O ~ £3O „ ~ LARGE SUMS in same proportion. ALL ADVANCES are PAID IN FULL, Distance no object. Money advanced at Borrower's Own House, thus saving them the troul.le and expense of a journey. Farmers can have Cash on Terms that no other office can possibly offer. Letters immediately attended to.

WIDNES AND WARRINGTON. mu. JOHN E. GOODWIN continues to make ADVANCES FRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, Worliing•men, mid all respectable Hcaseholders, on their own security. NI`..)NEY TO INCREASE YOUR STUCK. MONEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT OR DEBTS. Without Bondsmen, without delay, without public en‘qui.ry on your simple written prcraise to pay back.—Apply Pt VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (foot of the Central Station), WIDNES, end in WARRINGICN at my Residence, 134, Orford-lane, r.ny Evening from 6ti 7. Applications from RUNCORN au,. District generally receive precisely the same attention.

MONEY, MONEY, MONEY. LOANS £5 TO i:500. May be had on day of application. If it is inconvenient to call, all letters will have our prompt attention. If you want to Start in Business. If you want to Furnish your House. If you want to Pay your Debts. If you want to Increase your Stook. If you want to Pay your Rent. Repayments to suit Borrowers. Strictest priyacy guaranteed. No Bills of Sale. No Sureties. No Fines. No Loan Office routine.—Apply to R. N. W EBBEIt, 8, DURNING ROAD, off Wavertree Road, EDGEIIILL, LIVERPOOL. Near LONDON 8c NORTH-WESTERN RAILWAY STATION.

_ Oarness, illorSeS, Carts, Bog, Szr

'ORE SHOULDERS CURED BY CONDY'S FLUID. Veterinary book free. Horses suffering from sore shoulders, sore backs, cracked heels, grease, or brokfn knees, cured in a few hours by bathing the parts affected with diluted Condy's Fluid. Prices, 8 oz.. ls. ;20oz . 2s.—Veterinary bock free from CoNDY's FLuni V ORKS, 61, Turnmili-stret, London.

IJOOPER AND SI M MON X COACH BUILDERS, 6, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES at Moderate Prices. Good Stock to select from. Estimates for Repairs given free. The best vork only. Several Good Second-Hand Brolucharas. Landaus. Victoria 3, vin.:-,ronettes. and Phzetorts. now for Sale or Hire.

• To BE SOLD. a thick mad- ORES i`NTIT HORSE PONY. 1 six years old.—Apply PETER W'mrrre.KEß, LO, Frnnel- st., Warrington.

LURRY, 14 cwt., station BronLtham. three Business Shan- dries, Pony Gig and Phaeton, cheap.—SPAN, Friar's Green. Warrington.

FLO 9.TS new, fitiblied. with all the latest Im- provements ; suit any business. Also good second-hand Float ; cheap.-382, Stanley-road, Liverpool.

Filo BE SOLD CHEAP, several Landaus, Hansoms, Side- light Coach- s suitable for Weoidings or Funerals, Waggonettes, Dog Carts. Gigs. ,ic•;. Also two or three small Wagonettes to hold 6iX, one with head. Hearses. Mourning Coaches and Saloon Funeral Eusses.—Apply W. H. Heion. Ecc:esall-road. Sheffield. HORSES ! HORSES!! HORSES !!! All colours, sizes, and prices,—To 'tradesmen and others.—To save money and time and avoid the well-known risks of fairs and 'auc- tions and getting a worthless and useless hc.rse for your busi- ness, your cannot possibly do better than go to W. *PARKER W00D.6 TO 16, AINSWORTH-STREET COPPERAS-HILL, LIVERPOOL, where you can have one on hire or trial, with a view to purchase, Hirers for long or short periods liberally dealt with. I, resit arrivals weekly of young and useful horses cobs, and ponies, suitable for all purposes. Horses bought or exchanged,—Note titer address.

'Ar TUCK AND Limited. INDIA RUBBER & PURE ASBESTOS GOODS. LEATITE.R BE Guaranteed quality. Lace, Thread, or Copper Sewn. or CI kjEMENT.EU ONLY. BONA FIDE MANUFACTURERS. 42, Chapel Street.. Liverpool, Also at 35, Market Street, Manchester. London, Car,liff, Newport. and Dublin. LEATHER WORKS. LIVERPOOL.

Its bp pribate ErtatP. GEORGE JACKSON. PAWNBROKBR, JEWELLER. AND SILVERSMITH, 59, AND 61, CHURCH-ST.. WARRINGTON. Dealer in WATCHES. JEWELLERY. Marble and other CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS, BEDSTEADS, and BEDDING, CHINA, GLASS, GUNS, and MUSICAL IN- S'IRUMENTS of every Description. Current Market Price for old Gold and Silver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATIVOODS FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

NOW on view in jewellry window " Tne World's Largest Diamonds " in beautiful CRYSTALS, perfe‘qly correct copies in sire, shape, and cut, of the following Diamonds : "Great Mogul." " Kor-i-noor " before recut, " Kor-i-noor " after recutting, "Star of the South," " Orlow or Orloff," " Regent," " English Lottery," " Nassuk," " Polar Star," "Pasha of Egypt," "Great Duke of Tuscany," "Sauey," "The Shah," and the Blue Diamond in the " Hope " collection. These are well worth a. visit of in- spection, particularly to STUDENTS, and others interested in the Science of Mineralogy.

riAPITAL solid WALNUT OVER- MANTLE, in condition equal to Payments taken. new, size 38 by 38, six first class English plate glass mirrors, usual brackets ffor ornaments, astounding value. fee this, only 19S. D.

MAGNIFICENT 28 days solid MARBLE CLOCK, with ten • Payments taken. Bronze Corinthian Pillar' gilt capitals. beautifully incised with gold, ivory and gilt dial. 17 by 12, warranted for _O9 live years, cost seven pounds, only _LUS. 6D.

WONDERFULLY cheap complete set of TOILET WARE, con- Payments taken. sisting of eight pieces, very prettily decorated with coloured flowers, quite S. P. perfect, usual price is 9s.6d.our price is VERY CHOICE pair of BRONZE MOUNTED WARRIORS, on Payments taken. ebonized Plinths,ftplendidly executed, El 1.55. size 17 by 12, worth four guineas. only

--- _ , • ... 'VERY handsome PARLOUR FEN- !' DER, Brass rail, slit ported by Payments taken. 17 splendid Brass spindles. 52 inches 1 S. 6D, long, worth one guinea, only

VREEHOLD BUILDING LAND at Stockton Heath to be sold.—Apply JOHN PEMBERTON, Stafford-rd., Wilder- spool.

AFISH PASTE reliih that few can stop eating, especially convalescents, 7 stamps.—Mks SMITH, 49, The Cres- cent, Croyden.

ON SALE, MANURE WORKS, Widnes, and Gas Works and Cotton Mill, Derbyshire,—Apply to J. HOSING, 16, Fenwiek-Street, Liverpool,

Xr-uRSHRY HAIR CLEANER.—One application positively 1111 de,troys all nits and parasites on children's heads. 7d. —TuLLY, Chemist, Hastings.

MANUFACTURERS' Remnants in stuffs,calicoes velvets, flannels, Icc., 10[b bundles cheap, price list free.—W. CL.LRKSON, merchant. 41, Swains-st.. Bradford.

TARIZIED LADY has a valuable harmless receipt of great 111 importance to Ladies —Stamped addressed envelope for particulars, Mrs. E. WILSON, Elder Grove, Sheffield.

GREAT BARGAINS. Women's Navy Woollen Dress Lengths. serviceable for anybody, cash ss. and 7s. 6d. each; also .Black and other colours ; carriage paid.-2.1. H. MERRALL, Haworth.

MANCHESTER.—thaderclothing, Baby linen, dressmak- ing business, to be disposed of through illness. Main road. Ingoing and fixtures, £.so.—Address A. 8., Examiner Office, W.rrington.

-WONDERFUL HAIR RESTORER for grey and red hair, acts in a week ; price 2s. 6d. (free by post. secretly packed 35.) FRED. LEWIS, and Co., LTD., 6, Fleet-street. Dublin. Name this paper.

MEN'S Suit Lengths for Sale ; indigo blue serges, 56in. wide, 20oz. to yard ; shrunk; cash 10s. each; bargain ; will give satisfaction ; carriage paid.—M. H. MER- BALL. Goldsha s. Haworth. HOME EMPLOYMENT. —Writers Wanted ; easy; eithPr sex (no canvassing) ; instructions alone 3d., copy with instructions 9d. ; returned if writing not pain ; good in- come —CrilaiNE3r, Beaumont-road, London, N.

PUBE YEAST.—FIat and Round Bags. best brands, all guaranteed absolutely pure. Dealers supplied whole- sale. Fresh arrivals daily. —Write for prites, MARK FENTEM, yeast importer, S talybridge.—A gents wanted.

TOHN LOWE, Fire and Thief-proof SAFE MAKER, has ON tfr SALE Milner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others ; new and second-hand ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from. —3B. Albert-street. King-street West, Manchester.

T) OSARY RINGS for ladies or gentlemen ; solid silver, _lt with crucifix on top and tends round ; hundreds sold, price 28.3d.each.Send size of finger to JomisoN,manuiacturing jeweller, Upper Pershore rd., Birmingham, Mention paper.

EDISON PHONOGRAPH. COMPLETE ( rUTFITB FOR SALE. Records and Blanks (Wax Cylinders), and supplies at reasonable prices. Machines with splendld records, lent out to bazaars. At Homes, &c,—A. Lomix, Ca.unee-st., Black- pool.

1 SOLD. Lancaster's celebrated Photo- too,ooo graphic Cameras, &c.. for Amateuts or Prefessionale. Manchester Agency is at 71, Oxford-street (All Saints). Now list now ready. Cameras bought or ex- changed. BILLIARDS ! BAGATELLE !—The cheapest house for Millard and Bagatelle Tables and Requisites is HENNING BROS., LTD.. 29, High-st., London. W.C. Send for new Nice List, cloth and 'cushion samples, post free. Established 1E62.

ECZE.IIIA.—" Dr. Wilson's Eczema Cure" immediately relieves irritation and rain and speedily cures the most obstinate Skin DiseAses, when other means signally fail. Jars Is. lid. ; treble size, Zs. 9d. At most chemists, or post free, direct from 20, Fordham-st., Liverpool. OOK ! LOOK ! LOOK! 1 !.. Greatest Bargain on 11 Earth.-10,000 Waterproof Hoods and Capes, purchased from the Government ; cost is. 6d. each. I will send a Hood and Cape for 24 Stamps, post free ; quite new, but put out of service.—From Hr. JOHN GASSON, Government Contractor, ltye, Sussex.

COALS delivered in truck loads, at lowest market prices, usual terms. Special quotations for Wood Goods. Col- liery Stores, Building Materials, and Farming or Estate Requisites.—Address by letter mily.—DAvinsos, Coal, Timber and General Merchant, Manchester Coal Exchange ; Telegrams ; Coal, Stockton.

ITEARTINE CURES HEART DISEASE, and all Diseases of the Nervous System. One bottle proves it. Weak t:eart and Palpitation Sufferers try this ; three bottles will ffect a thorough cure. Of all chemists, or carriage free. sa. each. of C. WOODCOCK, 190, High-street, Lincoln, or at Ems's. Market-street. Manchester.

lINA.P GOOD FISH and where to get it. I will send anywhere in the United Kingdom 8. Bass of House- hold Fish, pr. cared for cooking. carriage paid from 2s. 6d. upwards. Fish Fryers, Hawkers, and other Dealers sup- plied with all kinds of Fresh and Cured Fish, Herrings, sc., In small or large quantities, Headless Haddocks. and Coddl- ing from is. 3d. to is. 9d. per stone. Cash with order, or Banker's reference. Quote paper. C. B. SEWELL. Fish Docks, Grimsby.

----- --- A, WARDED FIRST PRIZE MEDAL, Adelaide J!,bilee Exhibition,. 1887. and Sydney Centenary Exhibition, 1.888. —TO PICTURE FRAME MAKERS ?.ND DECORATORS. Cheapest • House in London tor English and Foreign Pieture Frame and Room Mouldings —all the newest elesigno. Two million feet always in Stock. VeneereAl and fancy wood mouldings, etc. Picture frames of every description, oleographs,etc. Further reduction in prices. Wholesale Carver and Gilder. Every requisite for the trade and exportation. Special attention to country and shipping orders. Full particulars in pattern book and catalogue OS pages 4to (lemy revised for 1891) for 3d. stamps.—H. MORELS', 17 and 18, Great St. Andrew-st., Bloomsbury, London. Telegraphic address "Rabbitry." London. Stock lists and prices of glass monthly. free.

FPO SKIPVIAKERS AND OTHEITS.—ON SALL', 100 1 Tons CANE, WILLOWS, HAZELS, &c.—Cit. M. JONES, 11. Victoria Bridge, Manchester.

EAsf-rfEAsicTirif.— Wholesale Depbt ; all Brands; establishm 1848.—G. M. JO4IIN, 11, Victoria Bridge. Manchester., INES AND 6Bl7litS. Oileareist in Manchester, quality conaidered.—G.M. JONES, 11. Victoria Bridge.

Etrprits, titotuates, &E. VOR SALE, Fluke SAFBTY BICYdLIV diamond frame, 12 cushion tyres, ball bearings ; an offer wanted.—Apply DiiiNCASTBR, Hairdresser. Market-st., Warrington.

`IYCLISTS !Should te their FITTINGS to be replated to V.) W. H. ItoWL,L,A) ad Co.. 308. Stretford-road, Manches- ter ; good work; quick delivery ; price lists free

THE OLD-ESTABLISHED BASSINETTE WAREHOUSE. Beware of spurious imitations. The best and cheapest Carriages in the town or district. (No connection with any other firm edam same name.) ' ivyASEITON, 74, Sankey-et., Warrington, mann- • facturer of Bath Chairs, Bassinettes. Rustic Carri- ages, /sc., of the best materials and workmanship, on the pTernises. under personal supervision. Well-finished Bassinettes from 255., warranted to run straight. Mail Oarts, Tricycle Horses, Doll Carriages, Ix. Agent for Sewipg Machines. Wringing and Washing Machines. WORKS :—BEAMO, T-STREET.

BILLIARD TABLE, full size, only in use six months; list 65 guineas, offered for 30, owner having no further use for it.—Apply 217, Scotland-road, Liverpool.

EARTHENWARE CRATES (Seconds), from 20.; Best China and Earthenware Crates. from £3 ; lists free.— HAMMONDS BRos., Victoria Place, Fenton. Staffordshire.

URUIT and GREENGROCERY.—To be Disposed of, an J. old-established Business in a busy thoroughfare. Ingoing very low. Apply 2, Derb, Buildings, Edge-hill, Liverpool. AVORLD'S WONDER. —Gentleman cured of gout after 22 years suff• ring. Will send receipt for 6d. and stamped envelope.—J. SHINTON, 20, James-street, Weston-Super- Mare.

-VOR SALE —Coasting Steamers, 85 to I,klo tons. Tugboats screw and paddle and steam launches sheap.--11. W. TURNER Temple Chambers, Manchester; and Dock-Road, Garston. UGS ! RUGS !—Gooa all wool. aft. long, 6ft. wide, and weighs oyes 41b. ; Government grey ; on! en used a little, much better than common new. I will s6rid one post free for 3s. —From H. J. GASSON, Government Contractor, By o.

DIAMOND WALL POCICHTS. Buy direct from the maker at half the retail price, the cheapest, prettiest, and most useful article ever offered for makipg home attrac- tive. Size 14-5 3 pairs 25., makes a handsome birthday or wedding present ; six pairs 3s 9d., each pair different; securely packed and carriage paid.—C. PARKER, Stoke- under-Ham, Somerset.

HEIGHT INCREASED.—Three inehes without fear of detection by PINBT'S Elevators (Patented). Can be worn iti any Boot or Shoe. Awarded Gold Medal, Paris. C.ution—only obtainable, MAISON PINET. 56, Berner's-at., Oxford-st., London, W. Pamphlet and Testimonials one stamp. Note 51,000 people increased their height last year by Pinet's Elevators,- When writing mention this paper.

EVERY MAN SUFFERING from NERVOUS and PHYSICAL DEBILITY should read the NEW MEDI- CAL WORK by an EYEINE'NT SURGEON, which gives full particulars how to successfully treat the most obscure cases of Nervous Derangements and Organic Diseases with- out the aid of quacks. One Hundred Pages of Valuable Informati with Special Remarks on the means adopted by advertising charlatans, sent on rrcei t of address by THE SURGEON, Medical Institute, Brunswick-road, Liverpool.

NOTTINGHAM LACE CAPES. SPLENDID SILK LACF, CAPES 28. 6D. AND 3s. 6D. EACH. Carriage paid ; superior quality 5s lid, worth 15s. fit and quality guarante,-d. Beautitul white skirts, full size- trimmed deep lace, 2s. 61, trimmed trimmed with embroidery-, 4s. 6d., good value. Carriage paid. We. COTTON, Lace and Lace Curtain Mauufacturer, Weekday Cress, NottinAham.— Established 50 years.

If(ttsfrat Enstrumnits.

rro BE SOLD.—PIANO, nearly new, for £l5, a bargain.—Apply at the RoYAL OAS BRANCH, St. James-street. Warringtow.

OAPITAL Two-manual ORGAN; new; fine rich NJ tone. splendid pitch pine case.---ALEx. YOUNG & SONS. organ builders. Eldon-st.. Manchester.

J. Mr. TEMPERLEY, • MUSIC SELLER, 31, LOWLAND'S ROAD, RUNCORN. PIANOS, ORGANS, VIOLINS, &C. Tuning and Repairs. All kinds of Fittivigs in Stock. Arrangements made for First-Class Orchestral Band and Pianists. PIANOS on HIRE and on HIRE-PURCHASE.

GREAT SALE of fire salvage of over 200 PIANOS AND 0 itGANS, at J. PARRY'S 18, to 24, Downing' at.. Ardwick, Mnchester. Mrs Parry having come to a speedy and satisfactory settle- ment with the Yorkshire Fire Insurance Company has decided to make a quick clearance at half their cost. La Pull toned Bell Organ walnut and gold case cost £2B 8 10 Oblique German Piano, ivory ke. s, and 7 octaves Pianette by Derwent of Lond.,u 7 Wares Rosewood cottage Piano, NW-ter, 7 octaves 415 Iron frarr e cottage Piano. Ravenswood, 7 octavos 5 0 Iron frame cottage Piano. overstrung,Stodart,7 octaves 6 0 Iron frame German, overstrung piano. 7 octaves Iron frame semi-grand, by Kirkman, 7 o.taves 10 0 Iron frame concert Grand, by Collard. 7 octaves l4 0 The above lots are perfectly new inside with iron frame. fail trichord, brass pin.plate, and patent check action. The out- side cases are damaged by Niter.

Aiattnnerp, szr., on gl'ate.

BOILER (12 h. p), Vertical of !-lemen's mild steel ; 801bs. working pressure. —TIE CRADLE' BOILER Co., Cradley Heath, Staffs.

IN SALE, 20 Tons 3in. Cast-iron STEAM PIPES, .Pulleys, Shafting, Hangers. Pedestals. Flanged Coup- lings in stock.—JAMES KAY, 45, 'Oldtield Road, Salford.

(AN SALE, one Vertical 11 h p. steel STRA n ENGINE; kJ latest principle ; only worked twelve months ; too small ; can be seen working.—J. BEVAN and C Bond- t. Denton.

QCREVIT-CUTTING LATIIFS, from 41n. to 12in. centres; 0 also Radial Arm and other Drills, 10in. &offing Machine, ;Asaping and Planing Machines in stock.—JAMES KAY, 45, Oldfield ROIIA, Salford.

ROSSLEY'S OTI 0. 16 nominal h.p., tube ignition ; na,sker's six months' guarantee ; thoroughly rt+paired ; £165. Also 3-h p. Tube tgtotion.—Apply J. WHANLON, Corn Exchange-basvment. Liverpool.

I_oo TOOLS.MACAU:S s comprisingH.Rßs y:1E:: Dsßalli HAMMERS, MILLING MACHINES, PUNCHING and BENDING MACHINES, &c., roady--For list apply SOOTT BROS., Halifax.

FOR SALE. 8-h-p., Horizontal FIXED ENGINE by Clay- ton and Shnttlewortha. and CORNISH BOILER in izooA order; SCREWING MACIIINE TAPS. DIES and HOBS up to Zin. ; a lot of Pulleys and Shafting.—Apply W. W. Rolm% Enginee,, Newark-road, Lincoln.

Fuon SALE. One 4ft. 61n., one sft., awl one 6ft. Arm Radial DRILLING MAC HINRS ; one 12in. centre com- plete lathe, 12ft. gap bed ; one 810. centre complete lathe, Bin gap bed ; all new and first-class tools.—For price and particu- lars apply H. BROADBENT, Hollins Tool Works. Sowerby Bridge, Yorkshire.

WE LET STONE-BREAKERS, all types, with Steel or Iron Frames; also MORTAR MILLS, CON- CRETE MIXERS, STEAM WINCH. HOISTS, PUMPS, STEAM CRANES, and PORTARLU ENGINES on Hire with option of purchase. New and second-hand, ready for de- livery,—S. MASON and Co., Brandon-st., Leicester.

A B and B HAND-HOISTS, Cranes. Crab-winehes, Over- -1-1 head Travellers, screw and hydraulic Lifting-jackg, Punching-bears, and Rail-benders,Weston's and rope Pulley- blocks, Shafting Tube-expanders, anti-friction Nehite-metal —Youngs, Makers, Ryland-street Works, Birmingham. Tele- phone No 803.

QT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS LIMITED (late Ormerod, Grierson, and Co. Limited), II ulme, Manchester, have I:the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade. and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS, Millwright. and all kinds of Engineeeing Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appli • eation.—Telephone 229. MID ATENT OFFICE : E. K. DUTTON AND CO., CHARTERED PATENT AGENTS and CONSULTING ENGINEERS, 5, JOHN DALTON-STREET, MANCHESTER. E. K. D. & Co. are Pr .ctical Engineers as well as Patent Law Experts, and are therefore able to give reliable advice upon the Workable as well as the Patentable nature of an in- vention. Circular of Information sent gratis. Established 30 years. N. Telephone 752. Telegrams Dotus, Manchester.

IF ECK ET'? AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BRISTOL. Have in Stock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16 1' diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. • 1 Full particulars on application.

pATENT OFFICE MANCHESTER, ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES Sr, SON have ha./ more ihan 40 years' personal experience in connection rwith this Establish- ment, and possess practical knowledge of the-cotton, woollen, and iron manufactnres. "Sell-help to.the New Patent Law," price 6d. 'Colonial and Foreign Patent Laws, price is. GEORGE DAVIES, C.E., & SON, F.1.P.A., M.S.A., 4, ST. ANN'S SQUARE, MANCHESTER.

13 ELL'S ASBESTOS PACKED WATER GAUGES, BELL'S ASBESTOS PAi;KED COCKS AND VALVES Are the Beet Fittings in the Market. When ord,ring new boilere. steam users should indent fr and insist ufion having these Instead of antiquated and unre- liable patterns. A Sa.mpleSet 'IC Gauges or a Cock will be suppliod on a two months' trial. lllustr4td Priced Catalogue post free from BUTZ, CURPH KY AND CO., THE ASBESTOS, INDIA RUBBER AND ENGINEER'S STORES, WAREUOUSt. 2, STRAND-ST., JAMES-ST.' LIVERPOOL, Telephone. 1078. Telegrams, ASBESTOS—Licerpool.

Telephone: N 0.55. ROBERT LOWE, ESTATE AGENT, ACCOUNTANT, AUCTIONEER AND VALUER, OFFICES—Market Gate Chambers, 1, Warrington. AUCTION ROOMS—No..I Bank Street AGENT To—Sun Fire and Life Office, London, Established 1710. Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass, Fidelity Guar- antee and Employers' Liability) Insurance Association. Established 1856. Imperial Live Stock Insurance Assochtian Limited. Es- tablished 1878. National Boiler Insurance Company, Limited. Established 1864.

MANCHESTER SHIP CANAL. By order of John Jackson, Esq., in consequence •f Completion of Ship Canal. IMPORTANT SkLE of about 40 SEASONED HORSES all in good working condition. 12 Stiff Carts nearly new, 20 Sets ef Harness, Collars, Straps, Saddles, Cloths, Shovels, Lamps, &c. MR. GEORGE N. DIXON will SELL BY 17-1_ AUCTIOIT on WEDNESDAY NEXT, the 7th inst., at eleven o'clock prompt. at Wild,rspool Stables, Warrington, the Horses, Carts, Gears, &c. as above. N.B.—Buses run from Warrington to place of sale every quarter of an hour. Further particulars from the Auctioneer. 66 Manover- street, Liverpool. Telephone 1629, Telegrams " Tenacity " Liverpool.

LADIES SHOULD KNOW of the most Wonderful Medical Discovery of the Age. ALL LADIES This MIRACULOUS and very powerful REMEDY quickly relieves all IRREGULARITIES and RE- MOVES all OBSTRUCTIONS HOWEVER OBSTINATE or Long Standing. It is perfectly harmless but CERTAIN and EFFECTUAL. Thousands have been relieved. One Lady writes :—" Your Medicine is truly wonderful; my case was a fearfully obstinate one." Avoid useless PHs. Invaluable particulars free on receipt of stamped addressed envelope. • A. DASMAIL, 371, LANGDALE, WALTHAMSTOW. ESTABLISHED 1851.

BOON TO LADIES. -- Dr. COLLINS'S MARVELLOUS FEMALE REMEDY. The Surgeon will forward Free of Charge, full PARTICULARS of a REMEDY, which, during an extensive practice in England and the Colonies, he has never known to fail in the MOST OBSTINATE CA4ES OF OBSTRUCTION AND IRREGULARITIES. -- Forward addressed envelope for full particulars, and waste no more time and money on useless Pills and so-called Remedies, &c., which, in the majority of cases, are nothing but PURGATIVES, and cause SICKNESS. PROSTRATION. and PAIN, without having the desired effect. Letters to be addressed to F. McCONVILLE, the Surgeon's Secretary. GOTILIC HOUSE, 9, ERSKINE-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

GRATEFUL EPPS S COMFORTING. BREAKFAST, SUPPER. 0 c 0 A BOILING WATER OR MILK

ROC HE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION. HOOFING COUGH The celebrated effectual HOOPING COUGH _ cure without internal medicine. TIOOPING COUGH Of all Chemists price HOOPING COUGH 4Asg.elipsr :boVe.EDSwolAepDWs h:lesscaNle BRONCHITIS 157, Queen Victoria Street, London. ROUP ) ROCHE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION.

DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE. THE ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENUINE. IiILORODYNE is admitted by the Profession to lJ be the most wonderful and valuable remedy ever dis- covered. CIILORODYNE is the best remedy known for Coughs, Consumption, Bronchitis, and Asthma. riALORODYNE effectually checks and arrests those too often fatal diseases.—Diptheria, Fever, Croup, Ague. • OHLORODYNE acts like a charm in Diarrhoea, k.) and is the only specific in Cholera and Dysentry. f sIiILORODY E effectually cuts short all attacks V) of Epilepsy, Hysteria, Palpitation, and Spasms. OMLORODYNE is the only palliative in Neural- gia, Rheumatasm, Goat, Cancer, Toothache, Meningitis, Fcc. From Dr. B. J. BOULTON & Co., Horncastie. We have made pretty extensive use of Chlorodyne in our practice lately, and look upon it as an excellent direct Seda- tive and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay pain and irrita- tion in whatever organ, and from whatever cause. It induces a feeling of comfort and quietude not obtainable by any other remedy, and it seems to possess this great advan- age over all other Sedatives ; that it leaves no unpleasant after effects. " Earl Russell communicated to the College of Physicians that he received a despatch from her Majesty's Consul at Manilla, to the effect that Cholera kad been raging fearfully, and that the ONLY remedy of any service was CHLORO- DYNE."—See Lancet Ist December, 1864. CAUTION.—BEWARE OF PIRACY AND IMIT- ATIONS. Csuriox.—Vice Chancellor Sir W. PAGE Woo]) stated that Dr. J. Comas BROWNE, was, undoubtedly, the inventor of CHLORODYNE "and that the story of the defendant PREE- KAN, was deliberately untrue, which he regretted to sas , been sworn to.—See Times, 13th j4,ly, 1864. Sold in bottles at is. 2s. 9d., and 4s. 6d. None is genuine without the words "DR. J. COLLIS BROWNE'S CHLORODYNE "on the Government Stamp. Overwhelm- ing Medical testimony accompanies each battle. SOLE MANUFACTURERS.—J. T. DAVENPORT, 33, Great Russell- at., Bloomsbury. London.

ONE POUND OUT OF EVERY THIRTY POUNDS OF TEA CONSUMED IN GREAT BRITAIN IS SOLD BY BROOKE BOND & CO. This is an absolute fact, and it is the best possible proof of the value of OUR TEA. PRICES 1/-, 1/2, 1/4, 1/8, 2/-, 2/4, or 2/8 per lb. WE HAVE AGENTS throughout this district, end we will gladly tell you the name of our Agent nearest to you if you will ask us by pot,t card. OUR AGENTS draw' their supplies, ready-packed and labelled, constantly from us, and they sell exactly the same te ts at precisely the same prices as at our well-known Warehouses, WE ARE GLAD to receive applic :Vona from energetic tradespeople for Agencies wherever we are not already represented, Selling obir Tea has long teen a regular Annuity to thousands of enterprisxng Men and Women. BROOKE BOND & CO., LIMITED. 17, PICCADILLY. MANCHESTER. (AND AT LEEDS, BRADFORD, AND LONDON).

THOMAS LEA, CONFECTIONER AND WHOLESALE BREAD BAKER CHURCH-STREET, RUNCORN, Begs to inform his numerous patrons that he has just opened, as a Branch Establishment, the Shop, 38, HIGH-STREET, RUNCORN, with high class confectionery and fancy breads. Orders will receive prompt attention.

TOWLE'S kiiILORODYNE RENOWNED EOR COWGIIS, TOWLE'S CI-ILOkODYNE INFLUENZA, BRONCHITIS, To W LE'S CHLORODYNE CONSUMPTION. ASTHMA, TOWLE'S k.iIILORODYNE SPASMS, TWHOOPING COUGH, OWLE'S CHLORODYNE INFLUENZA, &C. 24. DOSES for 131 d. It is IMPORTANT to INSIST on having TOWLE'S as other preparations and makes are pushed for sake of extra profit. •

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Cure Headache and Sickness. Cure Indigastion. Cure Flatulence and Heartburn. Cure all Bilious Aftectiona.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Are a Tonic Purifier. Strengthen the Whole System. Induce Cheerfulness. Invaluable as a Family Medicine.

DR. SCOTT'S PILLS Cure Loss of Appetite. Cure Depression of Spirits. Cure all Disorders of the Blood. Cure Lassitude and Nervousness.

DR. SCOTT'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS. Are wrapped in a square green pankage, bearing the name of the proprietor, W. LAMBERT 173, Seymour Place, London. W. • isy post for 14 or 34 stamps.

GOLD MEDAL DIETETIC TEAS. SPECIALLY RECOMMENDED TO DYSPEPTICS, sad a great boon to any who have been denied the use of other teas by their Medical Advisers. HENRY MILLING & CO. LTD. MERCHANTS, WARRINGTON.

MRS. S. A. ALLEN'S WORLD'S HAIR RESTORER. An absolutely perfect Hair Restorer and Dressing, justly celebrated for its wonderful life-giving properties to faded or falling hair. Restores the youthful colour.

. . . ALMOST DROVE HIM MAD. Mr. Geerge Price, Bank of Ene land, St. Simon St., Salford, says : C,,icc5,51,....,vi. 4,4 ---- ---- * P\ s v "For many years I have been afficted . 17 ,-.• ''''' --'-,,, 64 with most excruciating pains in my .r, 40:: t , us , ~,,,,,,,,." , --.1 -, I limbs which at times drove me al. 'tlf , ...' most mad, incapacitating me from ' ~,:05',' )- f -,,k", t __ * / / attending to business for weeks at a ii Ct t ,iivi;' 7" 4 ' ',. '7'; ' time. After a few applications of - ~.5.:- li ' • ' /I ST. JACOBS OIL the change in me ,4,--,,-- i • l' x \,.... , is simply marvellous—l am a new k - .r.' --•' _,T \ 1... man. I have spent scores of pounds 0 • in doctors' medicines, but all have proved futile. I give you this infer- _ ..1 :nation for the interests of my fellow men, and you have my permission to make whatever use of same you think beat." COOD. OLD ST JACOBI 0 A

JUNO CYCLES. VERI BEST. ILLUSTRATED LISTS POST FREE. EASY '' ' ~-.1.'.. Drivjeur"anGd. 9irn—pFrorv°el , .-- uN lightroadster long Baec TERMS ~-__- - - m?„:‘, ss:fteettiyes.aniduNoyLamidthv:: a Safety. JUNO folding E.,,...._10 100, ___....... , , ::: siToorn,:t:tnieednissp:::::st,Ty2vrapi,:: , -(44,4fivitiPtp.," -70 ST ' Pneumatic.Cush- '" ' S3cond ha.nci Machines 10.4 '4, CARRIAr.O P4ID in imm nse variety. Repairs. Estimates Free. METROPOLITAN MACHINISTS' CO., LIMITED. 75 and 76, Bishopsgate Without, London, B.C. N.B. Ever.; JUNO guaranteed.

THE LITTLE SISTERS OF THE POOR. The Little Sisters of the Poor have muck pleasure la bzaring their testimony as to the efficacy of Alkook's Porous Piasters. They have seen great benefit derived from them on account of the relief they so quickly give the sufter.!r. They find them a very soothing remedy for ail sorts of pains.—T.M.T. Home for the Aged Poor, Parkfield-avenue, Birkenhead. The REV, MARK GUY PEARSE says —"I: find them a very breast plate against colds and coughs." Mr. HENRY THORNE (evangelist) says : —" I have used them for pains in the back and side arising from rheumatic and other causes, always deriving benefit from their application. They are easily applied .and very comforting." Over twenty millions of Allcock's Plasters have already been sold in Great Britain, the most telling testimony to this great external remedy. Allcocles Plasters stop all aches and pains and sprains and strains, Lumbago, Sciatica, Rheumatism, Ruptures, Bronchitis, Asthma, all affections of the Throat and Lungs, acting diFectly on the tissues, dilating the pores of the skin, giving instant relief. ALLCOCK'S PLASTERS are great efficacy in INDIGESTION if worn over right side of the Pit of the Stomach. ALLCOCK'S—Of all Chemist*, 11111.

Sir Charles Russell has resigned the presidency of t London Liberal and Radical Union, on the ground that,, the office ought not to be held by a London member °` the Government. • " UADBUIZYB uocox has, in a remarxable degree. aatural elements of sustenance which give the syteret encti!,, • anee and hardihood, with a steady action t•tat renders i°7 m Bt acceptable and reliable beverage."—llealtit. A debate on the condition of the navy was opened ir/A the French Chamber on Tuesday by M. Lockroy, " drew an alarming picture" of the host. of ironel4ho which were ready to attack the coasts of France. debate was adjourned on the motion of the Premier. I" TOBACCONISTS commencing" Illustrated gnide (post free TOBACCONISTS' OUTFITTING 00.-183, Ruston-road, Lon- Att. . ‘. • . ..s: • HAVE GAINED the HIGHEST & ONLY AWARD in the BRITISH SECTION at the WORLD'S FAIR, CHICAGO'

THESE FAMOUS TEAS ARE TO BE HAD AT ALL LIPTON'S BRANCHES AND AGENTS. NO= TT=TM 17:31R,T0S r.. . Xa.)l[4lo 3EL 9 Niblijr Mt 9 246.130 M-11Fe...ANi...iirgEt...M. '' '- •' WI '-- is. and Is. 4d. per lb. , PT; ,t0:--,10 ioxilkilmwrir PiciEr.m lisisroa .--: map) 4.21.3Ezz- X26N:e..40,X"P1i.3" ;1.- - , NO HIGHER PRICE. Alt ' . is. 7d• per lb. , NO HIGHER PRICE. . .1 • P. 1.111:2r710 '-':'''s-1 4 -- . TEA AND COFFEE PLANTER, CEYLON. , , , Ceylon Tea & Coffee Shipping Warehouses, Maddema Mills, Cinnamon Gardens, Colombo. Ceylon Offices, Upper Chatham Street, Colombo. Indian Tea Shipping Warehouses & Export Stores, Hare Street, Strand, Calcutta. Indian Offices, Dalhousie Square, Calcutta. ' Tea and Coffee Sale Booms, Mincing Lane, London, E.C. Wholesale Tea Blending and Duty Paid Stores, Bath Street and Cayton Street, London, E.C. Bonded and Export Store, Peerless. St., London, E.C. ~ . , Coffee Roasting, Blending Stores, and Essence -Manufactory, Old street, London, E.C. General Offices, Bath Street, City Road, London, E.C. _ I.ACIAILS-8 3131ELLti-l'aT3ElOO :—NNT.LLI:tiIiiIVQ-r3ENCOIV : Ccpr3aer cot I3rlclge SM. aaacl. FrlElbr7B C3l-ate. ACEI3I.IOTCIEEI3ISTMEIL : vps, CDlcllLaria. t, arid. FilltiNatrctorcl I=Lcil. (Corner of Cambridge St) .121L.3EIC'X'011.I..T-TIV3CI=Ft..X.:NICINT3B : 175, ißtEtmarcorti -It. COMICICIMELISOVIC : 467 31dCia332aos. 33raa1ohee 4Sz ..a-ggeackfales lawrolu.glacmit Iclie I;7lErearlia. , ,

MANHOOD

How Lost! How Regained! INVALUABIE REMARKS for Young and Middle-Aged Men. 4'h /ED; lON KNOW THYSELF. ~ • Or SELF-PRESERVATION. A little work in brief on NERVOUS DEBILITY, EXHAUSTED VITALITY PREMATURE DECLINE, and all ACQUIRED DI- SEASES, and WEAENESBES Or MAN, their CAUSE and CURE. Remarks on the subject of how to preserve the health when in possession of it. sad how to regain it when lost. The best means of restoring brain fag, impaired memory, incapacity for study or business, general debility of the system, and all wasting of the tissues. This little work will be found void of Latin phrases and fancy words, and will be found brief, precise, and void of unnecessary reading. Fifteen minutes spent in its perusal will teach the reader more than five days roetling in any book written on this subject. If you think IT CONCERNS 1:1'43..71 plainenvelone and SEALED for Five Penny Stamps. Address—GouLD S LABORATORY, Bradford, Yorkshire. ADVICE FREE BY LETT F.R. Area. COPYRIGIIT Mention this Paper.

COUGHS! COLDS! INFLUENZA 1., ASTHMA RONCHITIS ONSUMPTION STHMA RONCHITIS ONSUMPTION STHMA RONCHITIS ONSUMPTION STHMA RONCHITIS ONSUMPTION STHMA RONCHITIS ONSUMPTION STHMA RONCHITIS ONSUMPTION CONGREVE'S ReadMr.Congreve'sßook BALSAMIC ELIXIR On CONSUMPTION AND In Bottles r/z34, 2/9, 4/63 OTHER CHEST DISEASES 'xi-, and 22/- Post Free for r/- from of all Chemists and Patent The Author, Medicine Vendors in the Coombe Lodge,Peckhant, United Kingdom. London, S.E. GONGREVE'S T ALSAM I T ONCE ONGREVE'S I I ALSAM 11 T ONCE ONGREVE'S I ALSAM Il T ONCE ONGREVE'S I I ALSAM T ONCE ONGREVE'S I I ALSAM ri T ONCE ONGREVE'S JJ ALSAM &LT ONCE THE FINEST MEDICINE IN THE WORLD.

A WONDERFUL MEDICINE. BEECHAM'S PILLS ARE universally emitted to he worth a Guinea a Box for Bilious and Nervous Disorders, such as Wind and Pain in the Storrach, Sick Headache, Giddiness, Fullness and Swelling after Meals, Dizziness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Flushings ot Heat, Losr of Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Costiveness, Scurvy and Blotches on the Skin, Dis- turbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Tremb- ling Sensations, &c. The first dose will give relief in twenty minutes. Every sufferer is earnestly invited to try one Boxof these Pills, and they will be acknowledged to be WORTH A GUINEA A BOX. . For females of all ages these Pills are invaluable, as a ea doses of them carry off all humours, and bring about all thai Is required. No female should be without them. There is no medicine to be found equal to Beecham 's Pills for removing any obstruction or irregularity of the system. If taken ac- cording to the directions given with each box, they will soon restore females of all ages to sound and robust health. This has been proved by thousands who have tried them, and found the benefits which are ensured by their use. For a Weak Stomach, Impaired Digest:on, and all Disorders of the Liver, they act like magic, and a few doses will be found to work wonders on the most important organs in the human machine. They strengthen the whole muscular system. restore the long lost complexion, bring back the keen edge of appetite, and arouse into action with the rosebud of health the whole physical energy of the human frame. These are FACTS testified continually by members of all classes of society, and one of the best guarantees to the Nervous and Debilitated is, BEECHAM'S PILLS have the Largest Sale of any Patent Medicine in the World. BEECHAM'S MAGIC COUGH PILLS. As a remedy for Coughs in general, Asthma, Bronchi,. Affections, Hoarseness, Shortness of Breath, Tightness and Oppression of the Cleat, Wheezing, Sm., these Pills stand tan rivalled. They are the best ever offered to the public, and will speedily remove that sense of oppression and difficulty of breathing which nightly deprive the patien Of rest. Let any person give BEECHAM'S COUGH PILLS a trial, and the most violent Cough will in a short time be removed. Prepared only, and Sold Wholesale and Retail, by the Pro prietor, Thomas Beecham, St. Helens, Lancashire, in Boxes 91d., is. lfd. and 2s. 9d. each. Sold by all Druggists and Patent Medicine Dealers every where. N.8.--Full directions are given with each box.

NON SPRAINS, OMB% AND SPLINTS WHEN FORNING. YOE OTBl.Nslogice, Mtn's]) HEELS, WIND GALLS. Dos DimDMA% BDITt HORSEs. OR goal TiIBOATS AND INTLDINZA. Dos Basilic IqzE, BRuisss, CAPPED mom& FOE B*Es BIOVLDsKS, sass DlelEs. POD spBAINs, MTS. DRUMS IN DONS. NOB Oallip IN BUMS. "Indispensable in any stable. but especially in tht stable ef a Master of Rounds. ADDINfursN, "Muter of the Berwia:shire Hounds"

CONSUMPTION, BRONCHITIS AND ASTHMA. I will demonstrate to the whole world, and to sufferers from these unfortunate maladies, how they can be perman- ently cured, by an entirely New Method of Treatment, with- out the chance of failure. Write with full confidenee to Mr. WILLIAMS. 11, Burv.ood Place, Norfolk Crescent, London. He will send you full particulars free of all charge.

ILLlMA::_civ_,,, ' ,----- (2-aflivkinthi E lON FOR le _ • 0 NiS wr-e . uto . RUINS 1 11 ; SORETHROATCAURRESS I .12.1 hu EIIiMAN SONSOSloutlir _ EryMAYS UNIVERSAL EMBROCA-Qun !NEU-NIA-11SW LUMBAGO. ' - SP; INS. f.. \ *BO , : • ijtSE 111 CHEST COLDS I SORETHROATL•mCOID-STIFFNESS ..._ ...

c-: ,o co .. al GA on pa 43 EA Ul PI

FOUK uh..... HOUSEKEEPER'S BOONS. TR; . ....) . to 4 - RISING SUN 4 . )70VE Cl' -"OL'SH 4 1 EPoilisT. Oliicvf sT, cHrPLST,& 4 'd BE r.. - BI ACK' EAD r.' .: +o,;, ,-. i., Li. .2 4 In Half the Time, vi . • •/1". • N r d 4 Labour, you Oda produce ors ' I 8 ~.-f. Polish with Two Penny Packets t 4 of Rising San than with Half- - u, ' sing Dozen of ordinary Blaeklead. ... 1 i 4 24 RISIN' ts/I OSUN pELTI As HL : CIVLTOAL: l'i;D•."l' ME 11 S A ! ••• ' 8CA=11111)!.. SOri FRP.: lAN' 1.01.1311. 5 hd ' Sold in 3d., Id. & 1/- Bottles. No Nixing, 8. ' No Scratehes, Scarcely any Rubbing. 2. 31 . CHANCELLOR'S PLATE POWDER. 4 ' 0 g There is no preparation of which we know to equal d 4 its excellence."—knutßia WITHIN-3d. par box. sp 5 , -g •MAC.v.r.,.DOUBLE . i‘ 0 STARCH gp 114 5 1 CONTAINS IN PROPER PROPORTIONS il 4 GLOSt B3F4AX. Gum. WAX, Bcc Bcc. sar .. REQUIRES no addition or preparation. P ' SAVES Time, Labour, and Uncertainty. ...'"' 4 PRODUCES Beautiful White Glossy Linen. 0 Ask your Grocer to gpt thsnefor you. C. CHANCELLOR 84 Co., LONDON, E.C.

RULES FOR STAIiCIIING. A most valunble litt7e book for hose who do their starching at home. Pcst free for 2 stamps. C. CHANCELLOR & Co., LONDON, E.O.

HINTS FOR HOUSEWIVES. 12-Page Pamphlet containing useful domestic hints Post free 1 stamp. F. F. FRY, 58, Belleville Road, Wandsworth Common, LONDON, S.W.

‘• HOLLOWAY'S PILLS & OINTMENT Are acknowledged by all to be The Best Medicines for Family Use. MANUFACTURED ONLY AT • 78, NEW OXFORD STREET, LONDON. And So 1(1 Ity dllied,kinc 1-(m/ors throughout the World. . Advice Ct)-atiA, at the above :Warta; daily, bctweun the hours cf and -4, or by letter.

PURE IRISH LINEN. IRISH LINEN 11910THRIC HANDKERCHIEFS IRISH LINEN Guaranteed all pure flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 241 per dozen. Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per dozen. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11/- per dozen. IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN COLLARS. IRISH LINEN Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars, 5/6 per dozen; made special to pattern, efl3 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9. 4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKINS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen. IRISH LINEN • IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. IRISH LINEN 2 yards square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 44d. per yard. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yard SURPLICE IRISH LINEN LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen. IRISH DRESS LINENS FOR SUMMER AND I EVENING WEAR. all Pure Wool. Unsurpassed for strength, Durability, IRISH LINEN IRISHTWEED, and Style. Please say if for Ladies' or Gents' wear. IRISH LINEN Patterns Free by Return of Post. ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. R HUTTON 45t CO., LARNE, BELFAST.

A 0000 FAMILY MEDICINE CHEST, WITH a prudent use, has saved many a life; and yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good compound such as COCKLE'S ANTIBILIOTJS PILLS, and We find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious com- partments, and enchanted bottles with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Obsover. _ ) :% . ..,:4k 1 , .r• . s , IP, % . , t , iti . ' • FREE FROM MERCURY. *---.,„.1-" 4., ~,:c' v.,..--f" ~ ', ,4......, .::: - Ai 141; : I ,'‘ t.,,, 't.Z., , ~ ..... .4h ' : , , ; ' s' ••• - . • • i OF PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS. ..,.1114 IL L . FOR BILE. LIVER, ACIDITv, INDIGESTION, &c.

t, rim* fls SOOTHING POWDERS/ FOR CHILDREN CUTTING TEETH. IN USE OVER FIFTY YEARS.

JOHN STEEDMANy CHEMIST, WALWORTH, SURREY." is engraved on the Government Stamp affixed to each packet.

WOODS' PATENT GALVANISED STEEL WIRE MATTRESSES, With French and Persian Bedsteads complete. • • 1i0.1035-7French. 11To be seen carrying ' I ONB TON. _All El We Challenge a-7 other Wire Mattress 9111C11111,-- to stand this Test 11 111111111117" But is it ever re- I quired of a Mattress - -.7 - that it should carry .a.mjci one ton ? Certainly • - • ' net. Hitherto the jj complaint against the use of Wire Mattresses has been that 'd they dtretched after a time, which was true. We give this severe test to prove that ours will not stretch. If they do within 5 years we will replace with new ones. To be had from THOMAS SUTTON, Sale Rooms. Legh Street. THE LOAGFORD WIRE Co. Limited.WARRINGION.

ICEAT/NG'S COUGH LOZENGES. "94, Commercial Road. Peckham. July 12, 1889. "Dear Sir,—l am a poor hand at expressing my feelings, but 1 should like to thank you. Your lozenges has done wonders in relieving my terrible cough. Since I had the operation of" Tracheotomy "(the same as the late Emperor of Germany, and unlike him, thank God , I am still alive), performed at St. Bartholomew's Hospital, no one could pos- sibly have had a more violent cough ; it was so bad at times that it quite exhausted me. The mucus. which was very copious and lard, has been softened and I have been able to get rid of it without aifficulty.—l am, air, yours truly, J. HILL." UTTERLY UNRIVALLED. The above speaks for itself. From strict inquiry it appears that the benefit from using Keating's Cough Lozenges is understated. The operation was a specially severe one, and was performed by the specialist Dr. H. T. Butlin. of St. Bartholomew's Hospital. Since the operation the only means of relief is the use of these Lozenges. So successful are they that one affords immediate ben, fit, although from the natur of the case the throat irritation is intense. WEIGHT IN GOLD. Under date Sept. 8, Mr. 11111 writes: "I should long since have been deed but for your Lozen ,es they are worth their 'weight in gold. I will gladly see and tell everyone what a splendid cough remedy they are." Keating's Lozenges are sold in tins is. lid. each. The un- rivalled remedy for COUGHS, HOARSENESS,and THROAT TROUBLES.

ART FURNITURE. -,• - 1--ti. 7- : 1.,;_ia541:::4: __ :.-' ---tf 72?-77- - -,.......A.,-,--.•?-mv,i,--,. - ---Z--:,,•`-- - - ,t• IZ ,S. ' -a R . d • HrklS 0 •cA ...i ),C:A Erhart iA; : pal i .'443 4501.1%.TERE.153. 0 ADSA.VE A DOCTOR'S FEE. VICE TO LADIES (FREE). ~-7-urepr lii. T-7.p., g LADY SPECIALIST (qualified) many years it) .' -', 0 A attached to a Female Hospital, is enabled to POSI- J-....c.'-7°°.),:** t;Hiy*- ,:,),..4 •-' , - .-,4 = - .., ' TIVELY GUARANTEE the DESIRED RESt LT in a few .....---,- _g•-• -6 Pt -.-',/ip, •i- ',,( .1", 4,_°,4,-,, -_,, ,„.., 6, ~,, ~,eg. • , ,--,j.S7' w hours, no matter how long standing the IRREGULARITY * - -frkti,-A, - °'- **,- r'' • iii- r I --- MI may be, and even when everything else has failed. . Write at once, enclosing stamped addressed • envelope, to SPECIALIST ;lIINERY. 295, STRAND, W.C.

, - ~ -4, ,) -&)„ ,4, rk-,IDe e erik. "Ir . 1 • -,--=.-•..-- - A' ' ‘) '\ - v • ‘• •' . .1,, ••• • , / • , I. ~..117. , i 9 lk) ."1., `) 9 • '. ---1‘ ' l''' ' • fl, ji \ .--.-i-, --,4-. i :it g...,:.:2;;V X• • .., , . , N.. v... 11 -- . --- - - -1- , ~jr/c/i/z 52PanZez a., .. I cazitiVe griniez6. , _ , . " 0/Fce ...: , • Warri'vion. v,.....,:p.....),,,, igiconark liNIMIMIIMMEMIN ..v.4 NEW TYPE,'. cfr-N\,. ‘i>- NEW ORNAMEWS. /

These • soluble CAPSULES ars aro- . parior to Balsam of & Oopaiba, Oubebs or i.,„4 11 satringent liquids c% and CURE IN 48 , HOURS the same Ddiseases without 1i convenience. AU Capsules watrkei q 6 of at Mends* or post free from ha WILCOX k Co. ,239 Oxford st.,London,W.

TEETH. TEETH. TESTO EET H. PARKINSONSE TEETH are, at the Price, UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD. The public , fIEETH. may rest assured that these statements ere . 9 based on ABSOLUTE TRUTH, and perhaps the best guarantee of this to intending patients E ETH. that I. H. PARKINSON has one of the Largeot Dental Practices in England, the outcome 01" rr B Erni. employing the E L ST ABOUR, using the BEST MATERIALS obtainable, and chargina TEETH. the LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. , Any set made, or any work done by him. sir - TEETH. tot giving ABSOLUTE. SATISFACTION Every Detail will be immediately corrected, TEETH. an ENTIRE NEW SET made FREE CHARGE. 00 . These conditions insure the public's satistao; EE T H Mon and recommendation, zxemplified by 2' sets having been inserted for patients during` TEETH. one year only, directly and indirectly througl" : the voluntary persuasion and recommendatt°°' TEET H. of ONE SINGLE PATIENT. Any or all) these patients' names and addresses,.for nee; TEETHrence, will be given to any would-be patiV . personally applying for them. These, yr' thousands in the past, each recxenmeuding thelt TEETH. friends, speak volumes for Mr. Parklusal'i. success. EE TH . His unusually Large Dental Eistablishmen4 adapted for the CGAIFORT of Patients, TEET H. NOT DETER ANY. ALL are WELCOMIrI FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily from 9 tot , and 2 to 6. H ABSOLUTELY PAINLRSS EXTEACTIOH' trio &c., as hitherto, by the aid. of his own. Ins • TEETH. LIQUID NITROUS OXIDE, of which he 111';', liquefies for sale to dentists nearly 16,0000;,„ TEETH. lons weekly. Patients, have. thi.refore, speciality, also the benefit of his expericneer- TEETH. CLOSED ALL DAY ON FRIDAYS. J. H. PARKINSON, TEETH. Dentist by Examination, 46, MOSLEY-STREET, MANCH/MER- V/ARRINGTON ON. WEDNESDAYS, at Miss Charles" Ladies' Outfitter, Sankey-st., from 2•to 5 p.m. RUNCORN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs. Hughes, ( Parson's), Confectioner, Bridge-st., from 2 to NORTHWICH. on FRIDAYS, at 18, Applemarlieb-slreet' 'rom rjr 11 to 12 a.m., and Ito . pan. Al 171 in .„Ordinary notices of Births, Marriages, and Deaths, n--„rdil serted free of charge. Marriages or Deaths with the re "No Cards," or any addition to the Registrar's ords7ol notice, aro charged One Shilling and. Sixpence, prepaid. AO announcements on credit, Two Shillings and Sixpence. such announcements must be authenticated by the and address of sender. MA I CRIAGES. • ,Thairobi HORSEFIELD—NVOWLES —Jan. 28th, at the Parish Warrington, by the Rev. F. W. Wiliis, Jonathan Horne" to Emily Knowles. DEATHS. PENFOLD. —Jlanuary 15th, at Latchford. Wm. Penfold. sge'l 48 years. GREEN.—Januar7 25th, at Bestock-st., Warrington, I'D° Green, aged 70 years. tbbe LElGH.—Jaaluary 28th, at Oliver-st., Warrington, 131143 Leigh, aged 1k years. 000 HADDOM—Jannary 30th, ab Dixon-st., Warrington, Haddock, aged 5 years. 13saLow,—Jaauary 31st, at Canterbury-street, Warring jessie.liarlow, aged 1! years.

MEMORIAL CARDS, ci‘lo CIRCULARS. BILLHFIXDS, MILIiCkItANDUMS. 000 Handbills, Window Aiia, Posters. anciprinting of sin` $O.• exeoated with neatness end despatch by lonic S. " the Borough Press 34, Bridge-street... Warrington.

SALE, BALE, SALE, at the a MANCHESTER TAILORING & ClA°l4°l4 DEPOT. at OVERCOATs at HALF-PRIM A, eit See the Dep& Windows. 4. to 10s. in the Winter Gooch. & & 10 Hersernarket-st„ Warringtaa,
