===== 0002601_18940310_art0001.txt | included=true | included =====
IN 11. SE ALL .O,V SR THE WORLD. S. PEACII S: 'SONS

LACE CURTAINS.

Direct from the Looms at Factory Prices. / POP'ULAK GUINEA PARCEL. 21 it'. for 1894. CARRIAGE PLID. (Rer.) 1(4. No. 726 contains : 4 Pales Superioc .Quality Curtains. 1 Pair E: wide iega!at Drawing Room Curtains. 4 yds. Rug. 2 yds. in . Pair Choice Dining Room Curtains 3: 6 ,1-1 yds. long, 0 8. wide, 1 Pair Beauatlful Sting Room. Curtain!. 31 yds. ylf4' 5,6 S. wide, 1 Pair Rich I3reaktast /loom Curtains, 3 cif.s.r2.°ll,B, 48 ins wide. All Taped Edges. Ecru sent if .1. Popular Parcels we have advertised for 16 years feele.kiven universal satisfaction. The 1894 ,Parcel is per- ha quiWty. material, design, a! yle, and finish, and is liettnaryel of value.—Satisiacti(;n Guaranteed or Money 188rned• PrLse Medals. eh caw), 1893, and Toronto, 1392. te.cePrice List (Yost Free), 200 Itlustr lions, latest styles in IttinACU. Ltairms. Ls.aes, Slk Flomacings, Mantle Cap.s, Roller 1'.0,0.'s payable to S. PEACH & SONS, Lister Xstablislied 1857. Btware nf Imitator.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0002.txt | included=true | included =====
COUNTY OF CHESTER.

- - FERTILIZERS AND FEEDING STUFFS ACT, 1893. IMOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the Cheshire County Council have, with the approval of the ' Board of Agriculture, APPOINTED JOSEPH CARTER Ii'ELL. ESQ., of Bank House, The. Cliff, Higher Brough- ton, Manchester, as the District Agricultural Analyst fog- the Administrative County of Chester. AND NOTICE is also Hereby given, that the said 'Joseph Carter Bell, as such District Agricultural Analyst as aforesaid, has, with the approval .cf the said Olceshire County Council, authorised the following Inspectors of Weights and Measures. via. MIL WILLIAM DUNLOP LAIRD. Chester Crztle, Chief Inspector for the County; MR. WILLIAM JAMES HALLARD, Chester Castle, Inspector for the Wirral or No. 1 District ; MR. ALBERT TIMMIS, Chester Castle, Inspector for the Nantwich or No. 2 District.; MR. :ROGER HIND. Baron's Q.lay, Northwich. Inspector for the Altrincham or No 3 ; MR. SAMUEL LEA, Duke Stieet, Pcter's Stockport, Inspector for the Hyde. or N. 4 District; to take when requested by the buyer, or by the Feller on behalf of the buyer, samples of Fertilizers and Feed- ing Stuffs, as foaentioned in the Act. HANDBILLS setting out the procedure to he fol:owed in taking Samples and forwarding the same to Vie Ds- tokt Agriculturai. Analyst, and the fees passUe, can he .ottained from the District Agricultural Analyst the Inspectors of Weights and Measures for the County. the sc Too Clerks of the Situnid!pal Boroughs of Cong-leton, rrswe,ayde, Macclekfield, and E.;talyhri4e, and also froze the undersigned. Dated thi.s Ist day of March, 1894. REGINALD POTT`4, clerk to tb,e Cheshire Cop p. tv Cosncil. • Claeitar,

===== 0002601_18940310_art0003.txt | included=true | included =====
FOR BARGAINS IN

TOOLS, CUTLERY, JJARDWAJU AND IRONMoNGERY, GO TO

AIRS. NE gDIIAMq,

33, and 33, Q4EEN-STREET, EMILES'i.OWN, FO RFASONABLI3 OFVI PEFI,SED.

Q ALLSOPP & SON'S MILD AND BrrrFa ALBS L,7*

d D'AROY BON'S CBLICBRATBD DUBLIN STOUT In 9, IL and 36 Gallon Casks, or Bottle,A. Loran

PETER LEIGH, I 4984 NIMARIEBT STREET. WARRINGTON.

WHITE STAR LINE for NEvV YORK every WEDNESDAY.

GUION LINE to NEW YORK, every 'SATURDAY.

ADELAIDE, MELBOURNE and SYDNEY STEAMERS from LIVERPOOL.

NEW Z b.:ALAND, TASMANIA, and AUSTRALIAN LINES landing passengers en route at Teneriffe, Cape Town. and at Hobart. 8:e.

INTENDING EMIGRANTS to NEW YORK, FOS- TON, PHILADELPHIA. SAN FRANCISCO, CANADA, CHINA, JAPAN, AUSTRALIA or NEW ZEALAND, should take tickets at the LO WEST RATES at THE

"EXAMINER" ()FFICE, WARRINGTON. By any of the above-mentioned or any other inee. JOHN WALKER AND CO., AGENTS.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0004.txt | included=true | included =====
CORPORATION OF THE CITY OF MANCHESTER.

CONCENTRATED MANURE Made from Slßughter-hon e Warket RefuEe. Facrement from Pail Cloaeta.

BLOOD, BONES, ISH, Delivered in bags. carriage i.aid, at £3 per Ton.

Special price over 150 miles. SUPPLY STRICTLY LIMITED.

ORDERS should be given early in the season to

prevent disappc lament. FULL PARTICULARS FROM

R. D. CALLISON INDOOR S UPER INTEND EN T, CLEANSING DEPARTMENT. TOWN HALL, MANCHESTER. OR TO

MR. BOLD ALDUBD, 6TA3IFORD ROAD, ALTRINCHAM.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0005.txt | included=true | included =====
HAVE YOU HAD A DRINK OF TRH FAMOUS

" TEW-ITT" STOUT

T O-D AY ?

IF NOT. TRY IT.

ADDRESS

RICHARD F rIRSHAW

COLLINS GREEN IittEWERY.

NEWTON-LE-WILLOWS.

GREEN'S PATF.NT SAUSAGE CHOPPING & MINCING MACHINES and FILLERS (Silent and other Patterns).

Suitable for BUTCHERS, MEAT EXPORTERS. CONFECTIONE RS._ HOTELS,_ BO ARDI NG-HOUSES.

PRIVATE PAM! L!l3, &c. These Celebrated Mischines are used very extAnsively through- out England, Scotland, Ireland. and the Colonies. Illustrated Price Lists on application.

THOMAS GREEN &SON (LIMITED), SMITHFIELD IRONWORKS, LEEDS and SURREY WORKS, BLADKPRIARS ROAD, LONDON, S.E., or from any Shipping or Export House, Merchant, or Ironmonger in the United Kingdom.

HEM BRY & CO. have amongst their Stock B. of LINOLEUM about a Dozen Good Desians (and a fair quantity of each pattern) all of which were printed be- fore flit Jubilee Year.

To those who underatand the value of seasoning with regard. to Linoleum it will be unnecess :ry to point out the Increased worth of the material, nor t.) say than an opportunity of ob- taining Linoleum so well matured very rarely occurs. B. HEMBIIY 8.; CO., will submit PRICES and PATTERNS- on application.

B HEM BRY & CO., 43, and 47, CROSS-STREET, ALBERT-SQUA NE. Telephone No. 537.

"0 V u M.

CLEmosr Housn, LITTLE SINGHOLL,

===== 0002601_18940310_art0006.txt | included=true | included =====
NEAR CRESTER. 2nd Januar.,, 1894.

Mr. Jos. THORLEY, King's Cross, Lim:don.

SIR,

It may be of interest to you to know the follow- ing

On the 2nd October last, I purchasedl3 Hens and Cok—all cross-bred--and a very miserable lot they looked ; in fact, they had been half famished.

I gave them hot food in the morning—boiled potatoes and meal, with drips lug, bacon liquor, or such like stuff in it—and every other day about a tt aspocnful of OVUM• well mixed up Result : up to present date, 2nd January, 513 eggs. Not a bad record, eh ? especially seeing that four were old liens. OVUM is GRAND Stuff.

Yours truly, WM. CORIIIIILD.

"0 V U 31 .

Is sold in Ca,es containing 72 Packets, 6a , also in Bags-325., cwt. ; ICs. 6d., cwt. ; Bs. 6d. icwt. ; and 3s, 711., carriage paid.

JOS E P THORLEY, KING'S CROSS, LONDON.

BIDDLES AND Co.

THE

PE • - I A ISNI CKET SEED COMPANY,

LOUGHBOROUGR, LEICESTERSHIRE,

3,000 A TARIETIES 3,000

Of Vette:al)le and Flower Seeds supplied in ONR PENNY PACKETS, and every one of the very beet quality in conveniently small quantities.

PRESS OPINIONS.

"We cannot but think that a very desirable scheme " (our Penny PR, ket system) " is here pro- pounded."—" Peterbarough Standard." " An experience of several years justifies the pro- nouncing 0: the quality of seeds as equal t;) that con- tined in lager and more costly packets."— " Newcastle Ohronicle."

" The firm 119 s a high reoutatibn 'and standing, and we commend them to the notice of amateur gardeners an t others who desire to make their gardens look bright during the coming F encon in a very economical and effective manner."—" Horti- cultural 1 i mes.''

LIST OP

T-7 VEGETABLE AM) X LOWER SEEb

SENT GRATIS AND POST FREE.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0007.txt | included=true | included =====
S ITII'S TASTELESS

DANDELION ANTIBILIOUS PILLS. la. I.ld. and 2s. 94, per box (by post for 15 or 33 atamps), are a proved substitute for calomel. Are suited for either sex, and may bc taken at any time. They clear the liver, stomach. head and kidneys ; free the skin of humours, purify the blood, regulate the boweis with comfort and safety, after excess iu citing or &biking. and are the most raluabk at change of life. or Feriodical obstruction. No Blue Pill or Mer- curials, hence no fear of cold. Made only by Mr. SMITH, tI.P.S., 280, Waiworth-road,

London.

PROPRIETOR OF FOWLER'S CELUBRATED CORN BUNION, AND CHILBLAIN, PLASTER, lft. ltd., pr bus, by post for 15 stamps ; a known cure, however bad tbs. case,

SMITH'S INVALUABLI?. PILE POWDERS, AND PECTORAL FRUIT COUGH LOZENGES SAME PRICES. „Poi() by all Ptttent Medicine Vendori.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0008.txt | included=true | included =====
PLEASANT RARAGtRARM.

It " WHAT is laugla.terr asks s 115 a sound you bear vihayi,Ar tuittedlos *EL IT has been remarked ~ tbe cream of eller'. 'nee is skimmed froin spilt mitt. Way should a man be careful about marriage? Bee'ause a wedding is almost always a miss take. AT a recent wedding the bridesmaids wailed 'huge bunches of grapes usste.4l of flowers. Sour grapes, of course ! • PAT, on being told the other day that there was a penny off the loaf, wanted to kstow if it was off the penny loaf. "How can that Mrs. Jones wear suck loud colours-9" "Why, don't you know? She's as deaf as a post." " l`noN Kentucky 1" "Yea, sir." " Name, please ?" " Jr. Johnson." " Mister f' "Yes, Bir ; I am given that distinction at home." THE young man who prides himself npon look- lag spruce should bear in mind that the spruce is ever green. "HAVE you tried Miss Jones' kisses?" is the startling query in the window of a Washington candy shop. "How do you like apple pie, Mr. Cross ?" asked the landlady. "Why, cut up in large pieces and served with cheese," replied the lerel-headed boarder. " HAvF. you read "Half-hours with Insects ?" asked Bromley. "No," sadly replied Pompano, with a retrospective gleans in his eye, "but I know what it means." .

" A5111IILATOR". writes to ask if we can tell him how to take the curl out of hair. Have you ever tried getting married? EVERY man is fond of striking the nail on the bead; but when it happens to be Ids finger-nail, his enthusiasm becomes wild and incoherent.

"Kiss the baby while you can," admonishes a poet. We can kiss her just as well fifteen or twenty years from now— if she's that kind of a baby, AN anxious inquirer asks—" Where would you advise me to go to learn how to play the piano ? " To the woods dear—to the deep, dark, damp, dank, dangerous woods. "You have plenty of reading here," slid a visitor to the literary editor, pointing to a pile of books on the editorial desk. "These are-not for reading," replied the editor: "they are for reviewing." YOUNG MAN of Four—" Mamma, I wish you wouldn't call me your pet lamb." Mamma—" Why not, dear ? " Yount, Man of Four—" Well, if I am a lamb, shoni,:n't 17 grow up into a mutton head?'

Sug—,. Don't you think something ought to be I hear that while the Opposition party managers done towards uplifting the stage ?' He— " Yes ; share the general opinion that there will be no dis- or parhaps something towards the lowering of the solution for some weeks to come, they are quietly bonnet would serve the same purpose." making preparations for any emergency. I believe Nl"nraz do you find men of the least weight? In that both the Conservatives and Liberal Unionists Ireland, where there are " men at Cork,' and in claim, indeed, that their preparations are already Scotland, where there "are men of Ayr." But in practically complete. This is supposed to be parti- London there are " lightermen." cularly the case in London, where a great deal of : JAPANEO3E etiquette requires visitors to remain hard work has been quietly done during the past at the places they are visiting until they are told seven or eight months. It is admitted, however, to leave.. A good many visitiag acquaintances in even by Unionists, that the electoral prospects, as this country seem to be trying to make that the far as the capital Is concerned,are very enigmancal. custom here. - - The Liberals are confident—more confident since , "WHAT are the things that touch us most as the change in the Premiership than they were we look back through the years ?" asked a female before. It is admitted that the Budget may have lecturer impressively. There was a moment's a great effect upon public opinion in London, awful pause, and then a small boy in the audience especially in the middle-class suburbs. However, answered, "Our clothes." there are reasons quite apart from any question of NEav•,-,us OLD INVALID—" Well, Mrs. Nipper, I patty ascendancy why in the opinion of t 11.9: rApk think it's quite time the pass:l,ga walls were re- and file on both sides a general election would 1,0 papered." Landlady—" Parding me, sir, but I undesirable for eome time to come. am a-waitin' to see 'ow your 'ea,lth goes on. Coffins is sich things to knock the paper off, A fishery exhibition was opened on Tuesday at a-comin' down." - --r, - -'• - the Royal ri Aquarium, and should prove interesting . . • . .. . ~

Istawous old lady enters a train; when about tc seat herself discovers a horrid man with a gun. "I hope that thing is not loaded." Frolicsome Sportsman—", Yes, main, it is. However, I will insert this cork in the muzzle. There 1" The timid one is satisfied.

- to anglers on a visit to London. All the principal rod and tackle makers are represented, so that any- body can satisfy his curiosity as to the latest novel- ties in rods, reels, flies, and other fishing imple- ments. There is a stall devoted to the celebrated Castleconnell rods,which are generally voted rather, _ _ _ _ . _

MAMMA—"No, r,'obby, you can't do that." Bobby —"Why, mamma?' Mamma--" Now, there's ix use asking any questions. I have told you not to do it, and if I find you have disobeyed me, I'll--- well, I'll wash your hands." • A WOMAN is accused of attempting to poison her husband, who, however, received prompt medical assistance, and was able to be present at the trial. "What have you to say in your defence?" in- quired the Judge, addressing the prisoner. "1 am innocent ! I insist on a pest-martens "UNCLE JAMES," said a city young lady who was saending a few days in the country, "is that chicken at the gate a Brahmin ?" "No,' replied Uncle James-, "he's a Leghorn." " Why, cer- tainly, to be sure," said the young lady. "How stupid of me I I can see the horns on his ankles." A LADY was singing the other day at a charity concert, and the audience insided upon hearing her song second time. Her daughter, a little child, was present, and, on being asked afterward' how her mamma had sung, replied, " Very badly, for they made her do it over again." , 71.-g*E"rafs talking to the girl, and sfact Was sufferiaw In patient ZliTiniThee. All at once his face lighted up, and she reviy_Fd "Ah, Mr. De Sappy, what jail "'Le niqunesi and expectantly. " A bwilliant thought stwnek me, Miss Fannie," he replied. "Indeed !" she sighed wearily. "Whose was it ?" ," kale here,?' said Fusticus, at a recent concert, "the set you have given me is only fit for a dog." "Why, what's the matter with it 1' inquired the attendant ; "it's one of the best seats in the hall." "That may all he," said Fusticus, "but it's a dog's seat for all that. Look at the number; that proves it—K 9!" , A VERY loquacious lady, calling one day to con- sult her physician, talked on and on with such volubility that the latter could not get in a wor.- edgeways. Growing impatient he at length told her to put out her tongue, which she did. He then said—" Now please keep it there till you have heard what I have got to say to you." "YES," said the merchant, "I always mark the most expensive of my goods as 'sold' during the holiday season. Then when women read the signs it makes them crazy to have the same article, and they are so disappointed that I finally promise to - try and get them another—which, of. avulse, I have no trouble in doing Oh, it's a great selteme I tell you, and never fails.' " Wiea you be kind —.ugh to take that sack -off the scat ?" said a • ,J yman, who got in a train. " No, sir, I doe propose to do anything of the.sort ?" replied the drummer, who was sitting on the other side of the seat. "Do you say that you are going to let that sack stay right there " Yes, sir, I do." "Ii case you (Lon' remove that sack, I shall be under the painful necessity of the guard." " You can:eall in the guard, the eriguie,en and the brakesman, if you want to. Perhaps you had better stop at the next station •and telegraph the general manaaer himself about ! it." " The guard will 'put-you out of the train." " I don't care if he laes. lam not going to take ! that sack from the place where it is. The indig- nant passenger went along the train, and soon re- turned with the guard. "so you refuse to remove that sack, do you ?', asked the guard. "1 do." Great sensation. " Why do you persist in refusing to remove that sack ?" " Becauee it's not mieteo. " Why didn't you say so at once ?" "Because nobody asked me." Mits. Atamerns "I want a thermometer. Give me the best you have." Optician—" Well, here is one of the finest Venetian glass, and the very best quicksilver." Mrs. Arlington--" Quick- -silver? I want it for my drawing-reorn. Havent you any thermometer with quick' gold. I shan't ,mind the cost, you know." . , Weez—" I was very much annoyed at the party ! last evening." Husband—" What was the trouble?" Wife—" why, as Mrs.—Mrs —what's her name, -was about to induce tome Miss—Miss—that young lady from Boston—yau know whom I mean--Mrs. Mrs.—what's her name said to me :--!` Exense me, lut_your name for the moment has escaped Inc.' I was too provoked for anything." "Human," growled the King of the Cannibal - Islands, as he glanced at a New York paper, which was all that was left of a missionary that took the ; leading part in a royal feast. "Wherefore grunt- est thea, your Majesty ?" murmured the Prime Minister. "I knew that missionary was a fraud." "Inasmuch as to wherefore ?" "Because in this paper, which catne from his own country, there are several advertisements for a girl to cook. If there's one thing I hate it's a hypocrite, unless he's well done on toast.' •

too" whippy" by Englishm`iin. Yet it was with this Irish rod—one 19 feet long—that the record throw of 45 yards was accomplished. Probably the stall which will attract anglers most is that which lisplays the captures—a few of them—of that fam- ous angler Mr. J. Jardine. The exhibits are enough to turn the ordinary angler wild with envy, and it may be remarked that the fish are not the unedu- cated fish that one would find, say, in Siberia, but fish the most cultured as tG anglers' wiles, from the neighbourhood of London. There is 371 b. pike which has made itself a name in fishing literature. Five perch from the Thames and Colse weighing 121 b. 6 :z. make an exhibit which probably no other liv- ing angler could show. Then we have a grayling of 31b. 12oz. and a dace of lib., taken on the same day from Itches. But the case which would most cause amazement and some other emotions in the Mancl:ester angler who frequents the Derbyshire streams is one of six trout weighing 221 b. 40z., cap- tured on the upper waters of the Colne with the May-fly. By the way a grayling was recently re- ceived at the British Museum weighing over but this was not captured, as anglers would say legitimately.

The fate of Lord Rosebery has descended upon Air. Marjorihanks, the chief Liberal Whip, with dramatic and regretable suddenness. It is a matter of common knowledge that the new Premier recirets the accident of birth which binds him to the House of Lords. During the past few days the position of the able and successful chief Liberal Whip was widely discussed, and conjectures as to whether he would retain his past onerous position or take a place in the new Cabinet were freely hazarded. Now the problem has been solved by an occurence beyond the schemes of man. The first Baron Twerdmouth died rather suddenly on F..aturda evening. Therefore, Mr. Majoribanks that was is now Lord Tweedmouth, with a seat in the House of Lords. A new Whip must be sought for.

The first Lord Tweedmouth was born in 1320. The Majortbanks family hails from Greenlands, Bucks, and the nobleman whose death was announced on Monday morning sat as M.P. for Berwick from 1333 until the peerage was kestowed on him in 1881— with the exception of the six years between 1868 and 1874. It need not be said that such a change of position on the part of so important a member of the Liberal party as Mr. Edward Majoribanks, especially at this juncture, is one of the great events of the day, and may be productive of consequences affecting the entire nation..

it may now be said with practical certainty that there will be nothing in the shape of a Unionist amendment to the Address, challenging the exist- ence of the Government. The Liberal Unionists will have a meeting early next week, and will pro- bably settle then whether anything is to be done in regard to the matter of Irish local government and the general question of Irish administration. Bat there is so little expectation of a critical party fight at the beginning of the session that I believe some members are counting n being able to pair from the middle of next week until after Easter. ln point of fact the Opposition will be only too glad to allow matters to proceed smoothly for the first week or two, as the strain of political excitement has told heavily on the leading men on both sides; and, apart from the natural desire for sOme relief, there is a very strong feeling that the political situation renders it necessary to pay some attention to the campaign in the constituencies.

The most important speeches of the next week or two are more likely to be delivered out of Parha- • ment than in. There is a sort of general under- standing that if the Opposition facilitate the obtaining of the necessary supplies,no controversial matter will be taken in hand until after the intro- duction of the Budget. The Registration Bill may be read a first time, but that is probably all. The • Budget itself is looked forward to with the utmost hope on the Liberal benches, and there will cer- tainly he keen disappointment if it does not prove to be of a thoroughgoing democratic character. The Opposition at all events fully anticipate that it will be so, and they are glad to reserve their forces for what they believe will be the first grcat—and pro- bably the most critical—struggle of the session. On both sides it is believed that from Easter onwards , this will be one of the hardest and most severely fought sessions of modern times. Both are pre- par'ed for the possibility that the conflict may cul- minate in a dissolatiui somewhere about Whit-sun- tide, but it is universally agreed that if this does I not come about, we are in for another session of ab- normal length. Registration and. Welsh .Disesta- blishment—to take only two of the measures which the Government have in hand—are not to be dealt with in a day, and to get the latter measure through I will probably need an autumn sitting.

PM N KILLER CARTEI'3 Mil Getabottleto-day of LIVER c. PERU DAVIS'S small PAIN KILLER. 1 Pill tots directly on the seat of Pain.. Cures Colds,Coughs, Head- ache. 4;ramp and ramr. in the Stomach, Colic, Diarrhoea. cholera, Bz.e. Gold by all Chemists 111_1.74 and 29. Avoid ,s,ll Indtations under ?raisleadina name. fa. 11114 KILLER

Acute bronchitis often develops before-we are aware that cur lungs are affected. Bronchitis, whether acute or chronic. is both prevented and cured by Scott's Emulsion of Cod Liver Oil with hypophosphites—prevented when Scott's Emulsion is taken in time, and cured when it is too late to prevent. Scott's Emulsion is easy to take and more effective than plain oil. Chemists sell it. 2s. 6d. and 4s. Gd.— (23.)

Price Forty Sugar Pure./ Vegetable Cure Torpid Liver Without Fail 1 Chesmsts :

. speedily arrest the progress of decay,hardea the g‘eas, and impart a daglitfol e;rance tote breath. Chemists sill t. ',IF

OTTEY'S UNLABELLED

STRONG FEMALE PILLS. These noted Pills always remove all obstructions arisng from any cause whatever, wl;ere ordinary Steel and Penny- royal Pills fail. luvaluaNe to married women. Post Irce, under cover for 10, 14, and 33 stamps, from THOMAS OTTEI7, C emist. BUBTON-ON-TEFIS.T. Ple:ie 'tuition thispaper.

" Rich the treasure, Sweet the pleasure, Sweetest pleasure after pain." Dryden Hanweect Measure. "IT TOUCHES THE SPOT."— Aye, that is what " HomocEA" does. 01. And does it quickly too—whether it's a toothache or neuralgia, with all their shooting pains, or eczema, with its painful and distreAsing irritation—or piles that makes thousands of lives wretched. Rheumatism in the joints, or muscles has been cured even of years' standing— while for cuts,

'ILLS. 3---451.- - REAUT:M. It. Small ~ ftV(..s:f:, eitsurnd. ty,r the tin Dose , rile use of that ci,lica ivZR aromatic tooth-w,h, Small ; , Fragrant - in a. Vial SOZODOF '.oated which win

UdJ

===== 0002601_18940310_art0009.txt | included=true | included =====
_ - . , _ . „ -

" CAPITAL" CHAT,

Mr. Chamberlain has declined to follow Mr. Labouchere's example. The member for Northamp- ton engaged in a verbal duel with Mr. Hyndman before his constituents at Northampton. The con- test was interesting, but, as was to be expected, hardly decisive. However, it served a good pur- pose. It gave the people of Northampton some- thing to think about,and it enabled the combatants to understand each other better if it did not bring them into agreement. Mr. Chamberlain has shirked a similar duel over "contracting out" with Mr. Sam Woods, M.P.,on the ground that the discussion would be " a waste of energx.' Most people believe that the member for Birmingham has expended a considerable amount of energy much less profitably since 1886.

A London correspondent t,113 another story of Mr. Gladstone," The last time I sa w him," he writes "was at a party given by Lady Harcourt in Down- ing-street just before Christmas. He was standing some paces within the doorway, and alter his cus- tomery gracious salutation, he said to me, looking at a figure in the doorway, "Is that young Cham- berlain standing over there ?" The person indicated was not a bit like the member for East Worcester- shire, a circumstance which testified to the grow- ing indistinctness of eyesight. The incident was characteristic of Mr. Gladstone's generous nature. He was afraid to appear to slight the son of an old friend by passing him without recognition, and had evidently been troubling himself for a moment or two in the attempt to identify the gentleman upon whom his eyes had rested." Yet it is told that Mr. Gladstone once embittered an influential supporter by appearing not to recognise him in the Lribby of the House.

It appears to be more than doubtful whether any necessity will arise for Mr.Labouchere's amendment to the Address on the subject of the House of Lords. I learn on excellent authority that the Queen's Speech will contain a paragraph dealing with the action of the Second Chamber that cannot leave any doubt as to the attitude of the Government. So far as the Lords are concerned, I am credibly informed that the position of the new Cabinet is cne of un- compromising opposition. Mr. Courtenay Warner and Mr. Charles Fenwick are the selected two mem- bers of the House of Commons to propose and second the Address in answer to the Queen's Speech in the House of Commons. Mr. Fenwick has been specially chosen as he represents the trades unions, and is noted for industrial interest in the working man.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0010.txt | included=true | included =====
THE\„EXAMINER. SATURDAY, MARCH 10, 1894.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0011.txt | included=true | included =====
LADIES' LETTER

Mir D7IiIEST Nimll4

Preparing our dresses for fine weather Is always a delightful task, and although the earlier faithless are more or less uncertain, yet this.pives ma oppor- tunity of selecting the most bemicrang appligki ase there is never such an utter revelation m diem as to make new spring models unwearahle threighest the season. A mintle of midis* silk, beaded wee- mentirie, and double capes of mrror velvet Is very handsome. The capes have the flat tiffectt en the shoulders, to accompany large sleeves in the present drooping fashion. From dress to hats is no very great step, and they are generally closely allied. The fashion for susp6nding our head-gear above our heads has not yet entirely passed into the oblivion whisk it deserves. A delightful eombination of colour which I met in a bonnet to-day was a deep-sapphire blue, with voilets. Thia may sound atrocious but It was simply beautiful. it was on a bonnet ;hick was entirely made of the velvet, with launched of the violets set at each corner, and there were three corners, pointing tewards the middle, the ethers on either side. A large bow of velvet was net across the back, etberwise it was guileless of trint- ming,.

A new hat is, of course, a necessity when the sun once more puts in an appearance, and a becoming shape for most faces is of black chip, for chip is to be worn again, and a curved steel buckle fastens the satin ribbon which encircles the crown with two upstanding black tips on one side. Beneath the brim some pink blossoms rest with picturesque effect on the hair.

A very effective bodice has the baaque, deep cuffs, and revers of silk covered with black guipure. Very dainty contrasts may be obtained in this fashion, or a dull or unbecoming gown may be brightened most advantageously. Both craam, ecru, or black lace can be used in this style, and salmon-pink or solferino covered with black guipure is bright and pretty on a blctok gown. Dan stone or grey shades may have turquoise silk and ecru lace. Heliotrope looks well with petunia silk ana a very deeply tinted lace, or fawn and 12/9.5.x1i phades with rose, heliotrope, or blue silk and a fay deep ooffeg or ecru lace.

A pretty dress is made, in a pale shade of blue. The embroidered bands which outline the round yoke and cross at the back also border the arm- holes, and are made of the satin embroidered in seed pearls, while soft white gauze forms the sleeves and full-flowing front.

Bordon laces are at present the most fashionable ; they have a wired cord, and the patterns are geometrical rather than floral. They are used for flounces in three widths, and for mantles. Chan- tilly with wired grounds and much jet embroidery upon it is also used, and check nets' such as hitherto we have only associated with veilings, have been worked with jet over moire or silk, and are to be used greatly for yokes to dresses and mantles. Flouncings are now sold gathered to their headings in wide and narrow widths, so that there is no qu,:stion as to the amount to use in the fulness.

A dainty frock of muslin and :Insertion, suitable for girls from two to 10 years of age, has the muslin set full into a square yoke, which is hidden by the deep, graceful collar. This is ornamented with rows of insertion, and edged with double flounces of some pretty, cheap lace. The bottom of the skirt is vandyked with insertion, which forms the heading to deep flounces of lace matching the collar. This frock must be made up over a plain foundation; while the style of garment may be copied in many and various materials, such as cashmere, nun's veiling, silk, or crepon. Yours as ever,

JENNIN.

Father Kneipp has been treating the Pope with his water cure, and declares that there is no reason why his Holiness should not survive the century.

.. , * I/ 1. . .. 1 1., it, .0.4.1.."..4 rwc.,4 i t• . . -, .........„,:, ~ ,S:--;---!"="7 (:' i• 4,01,r.,.7-01-o.7______.4):-,,1--.2,;,'11-.:'1'.1-..i.1-_,lf •. -, ~,,, - - I igAif 4, ~ 1 • 4- 4i._ '-A- -( \ , , 1 - ' s'4.t., '' ' • ."°.l*..N. ,'. ,A,"...^-, `. , • '' - • -‘,„, / ,r, -'. . \\ ,I ‘ ‘ 1 \\ it i

... •'-'. -4.-.); ~ . ~ 4 - - .. , , ti:',......',4t.:' • of , , .5,,c-z,i. p,› 1.11, , • "---, , ,I IA . . .. _.. .FT 1110 i \\ , • i, i iiiitt.,.. .--:.. ///.4/. 4 / e i li\ 1 ~ I\i --..pf ~.,,% \ • ;?,:,„, ),9 - N\- .A\ , 1/, \ ' .ii // ..:,,,),‘,,,\' . .i 1/4/ .:•7 -\\ ' ' il .-V /// :,..,-t, ;,‘ • •;14' 7 / t// , '' ' • ___v_!..,l- ' . 1 . • ~. ',V),Rlin i 1/10 -. (.4 -...-'-::'' ' 47v,41V- .-- - -

._ . - ~ p . L, -.. 4. ' . . c,.., --- .'t .:, 7. • ,r, ~,,,,. 4,4.,„,_,,, ‘...?_,,,f,',,,------.,-4/,,,,, (-1...0 4 .04) ~:_,.\ ,i,,,,;\ , ' V ''. - • 4-4':::'2' -i'lf-' :,.4,,11/ ' 1' • *s ‘Nk ?' 40, ,'/A . . ~ .;. . , fr."' ' . .•. „, \ /J, 1 ,1 ' ' ./ I ) 0; : \ , i L I ',.1, 1 iii , —i! 1 1' k lihi ii' ~ i "11., I/ I ill!! li , \ 4i I 1 1 ilifli , \ /o',Ni. 'i s k..77_, ' 'lf A ..' ' Nl.'/I')-4 I/ 1 '/(1.'l .‘ f/ ./ 11 ..).,j1 1 •W A e' tP I.tilit't q,,,,4r1 _,..t7,fr ).: - ~L,,,, ;1 e, , .: -- .-.-----,41:: ,-- li.,x•••'" li, . fff . . - i ' si: .-- ' e - • 4,41 t ) .

===== 0002601_18940310_art0012.txt | included=true | included =====
Miss Alice Goodhall, editor of the Guardian," pub- lished in Simla,, is said to be the only woman elitor in India. She. is an Eni,,,lishwomars, fair, and not yet forty. Miss Frances Crosby, author of "Safe in the Arms of Jesus" and other widely sung Gospel hymns, is sixty- one years of age, and has been Wind since she was six weeks old.

The real name of Ada Cambridge, whose novel, "A Marriage Csremony," is creating some stir, is Mrs. Cross. She is the wife of the vicar of one of the fashionable Me- lbourne churches, and is at present in Australia. News comes from Nice that Mary Anderson Navarro, who is staying there,lives very quietiy,neither receiving nor paying visits. The cause assigned is very delicate health, a condition,in fact,bordering on the dreaded and obstinate one of nervous prostration. The clergy of the little town of Eschenbach, in Fran coma, have issued a solemn protest against kissing on the stage as being "an immoral practice, which would give a bad example and be regarded by the spectators as sanctioning all manner of disorders." Miss Rachel Frank, a young Californian, will be the first woman rabbi ever ordained in the Hebrew Church im any country. She as studied at the Hebrew College in Cincinnati, and is taking an extra course of study be- ion her ordination. There is much speculation as to what title she will be known by, and what robe she will wear, as there is absolutely no precedent to apply in this cve.

The German Empress was during her stay at Felix- stowe so much impressed by the perfections of the British nursemaid bien 6levo that shortly after her re- turn to Germany, she commissioned an English lady. friend to engage an English nurse for the German Imperial children. One ot the conditions under which the nurse was engaged was that she was not to be told, until the engagement was settled, who her charges would be. This, the Empress considered, was the only way of obtaining a thoroughly competent nurse, and not a personage who could come for the s Ake of the posi- tion merely, and in order to be able to trade for ever after on the gloriesof her office.

In rraise of Oatmeal. Dr. Johnson, who disliked Scotsmen and things Scot- tish, defined " oats," in his " dictionary,' as " Food for men in Scotland and for horses in England." But noth- ing says" Little Folks" has been heard about the defini- tion since the famous retort of a Scottish judge :—"Yes and where will you find sti,h men and such horses ?" Carlyle believed in oatmeal,for he remarked of Macauley " Well, anyone can see that you are an honest good sort of fellow, made out of oatmeal." That it is not only nourishing, but filling, rat the price' was proved by the shrewd Scotswoman who used to tell her five bairns that " the one that ate the waist parritch would get the maist meat." And so, when the meat came, there was no room for it. The most curious fact about oatmeal is, however, that the use of porridge is on the decrease in Scotland,and on the increase in England. This looks bad for the Scotsmen of the future.

Miss Emily Faithfull. Why should not women be educated, as their brothers are, for regular professions ? Why should all this educa- tion be a question of sex ? Let it be one of fitness, rather. Why should the girl starve, and the brother be in a good position ? Girls must be trained for their I after-life. As a rule, they have no practical training, and only begin to work when they need money, and have already reached the time of life when they ought to be reaping the fruits of past toil instead of beginning to build up a future. Some years ago, writing to the " Daily News," I urged three points which must be insisted on with regard to the employment of our girls : —(1) Their need of definite training. (2) The best work at fair market prices, must be given. Lasting benefit can only be reaped by thorough work and sub- mission to the conditions which alone make it possible. For waist of this,l have seti'd the careers of many women wrecked. (3) As I hP:ve just said, senseless social p re- judief:4 bei hbandoned. We have overcome such -erejuaicea in the case of men, and ladies must have the courage to go t) business, and not seek help through " Work Societies," in which they are known by some number, and their real name concealed. But in all cases the worker arlst be trained; untrained work is only paid for as a charity, and the remuneraticA is sure to be low. —" The Quiver."

. . , Many plans of diet Oiablt eesi.t."7l l reCom.m-ended in tha treatment of obesity. They all agree in a considerable limitation of the amount of starchy and saccharine food prescribed—dry toast, biscuits, or rusks being recom- mended in place of ordinary bread, milk, and sugar being prohibited altogether, and vegetables strictly limited in amount. By some muvli importance is at- tached to the strict limitation of the quantity of liquid, particularly at meals ; others recommend that plenty of tea, coffee, -xater, and the like should be con- sumed : but nearly all agree in the recogaition of the advimbility of taking 'Jut little alcohol. Most authori- ties reeonimand that meat should be taken in small quantities, and not more than °nee a day, While there are various views as to the quality of the food taken, there is a tolerably general consensus of opinion as to the quantity ; and it is the height of folly for a patient to imagine that he can (by avoiding a -few particular articles of diet) at one and the same time indulge largely in the pleasures of the table and grow thin. The famous formula of Mr. 13antine:, by which that gentle- man was able to reduce his weight to the extent of nearly three stone in the course of a year, has been adopted by many people since his time. He recom- mended Fr breakfast, some 6 or 7 oz. of solid food (meat, or fish and toast), and 9 oz. of liquid (tea or coffee without milk or sugar) ; for dinner, 10 or 12 oz.of solid food, witn 10 oz. of wine ; for tea, 2 to 4 oz of solid food (fruit and a rusk or tw.) with 9 oz. of tea ; and for supper, 3 to 4 cz. of solid food, with 7 oz. of wine. This diet probably goes to an extreme in the ex- clusion of fat, and is somewhat liberal in the matter of alcohol. It suits some people, hut it is advisable that a seveie regimen should not be adopted save under medi- cal advice.—" Cassell's Storehouse of General Informa- tion.'"

DID SHAKSPEAR,E KNOW ANYTHING?

When we come to think or it,he could not have known much, not even how it feels to wear a set of artificial teeth. He never even saw a Weiler match or a steel pen, and his ignorance of the art of photography was only equalled by the lack of knowledge he possessed ab3ut the type writer. If he went to a fire it was probably only to stand in a line and pass buckets of water,the fire engine being something he was entirely unacquainted with. He never held his ear to a telephone and listened to his wife while she read out a list of little articles sh e wished him to bring home; he never rode in a tramcar or in a railway train, and as for an electric rail way,why he had never heard of such a thing. He never knew the feelings which a boy experiences when wearing long trousers for the first time, because he never wore such things in his life. He never tried to ride a bicycle,never used roller fArates,never saw a stova,knew nothing about such well-known things as steam ploughs and reaping machines. He never knew what it was to swallow a postage stamp by mistake while moistening it (not be- cause be could not swallow, but, because he had never seen a postage stamp), and we have yet to learn that he could tell the difference between an eighty-one ton gun and a repeating rifle. The question is, what did he know ?—" Cassell's Saturday Journal."

The Queen has presented a pair of beautiful and costly silver kettledrums to the regiment of Prussian Dragoons of which Her Majesty is the honorary colonel. The German Emperor gets up at six, Francis Joseph o! Austria before five, and the Czar—who probably sleeps badly—generally as early as three a.m.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0013.txt | included=true | included =====
rZ*3 , 70 (. ~_, - , , ~ ',e. '''4+ -0 ,rz : , ~. - - ei-- i )2131,

burns, and bruises it is far ahead of any ointment that has ever been before the public.

LORD CARRICK says "HOMOCEA " cured him of bleeding piles, when all else failed: that he gave some to a labourer who was lamed by a stone failing upon him, whom it cured. A woman had a pain in the elbow and could not bend it km H E for a year, and it cured her, *.' and another used it for scurvy .. .. ~ . on her leg, and it was doing her good. One letter closes from him with the words, "It is the most won- derful stuff that I ever came across." LORD CO3IBERMERE says " HomocEL " did him more good than any embrocation he had ever used for rheumatism. .

Remember that "HomocEA" subdues inflammation and allays irritation al- most as soon as applied. wholesale houses stock " HOMOCEA." It can be obtained from Chemists and others at is. lid. or 2s. 9d. per box, or will be sent by post for is. 3d. and 35., from the Wholesale Agency, 21, Hamilton square, Birkenhead.

Sold In the neighbourhol -)y J IL YOUNG, SANKEY- STREUT, WARRINGTON. and by the exceutors of the late ISAAC SPEAKMAN, BIZIrGE-STREEr VIIARMACY, RITNCORN.

THE DOUBLE LIFE,

OR, THE HAMPTON MYSTERY.

By the Author of " DARKWOOD."

CHAPTER HI. LORD ADLOWB BEGINS RIB QUEST. He knew himself detested—but he know That hearts that loathed him crouched ant; dreaded, too..

THE CORSAIR

Too nervous to rid'e, Lord Mlowe proceeded on foot along the street, through the wind and storm, protected from the rain by overcoat and umbrella. His mind was absorbed in the mystery that had been so recently brought under his notiee. He walked along like one in a trance. Suddenly he started and paused. Hie eyes flashed through the gloom with vigorous determination. He had come to a conclusion—decided upon a course of action. "I'll do it he muttered. "Within a week I can make myself master of Beatrice's secret. I'll set some one on her track at once."

He moved onward, hastening -to his hotel, and to his own chamber.

The room, parlor and bed-chamber in one, was dimly lighted. An air of chilly dampness and dis- comfort prevailed. "What a contrast to Hampton House!" Lis lordship exclaimed. "I am tired of all this gen- teel misery! I should like a home of my own, and some one to wait on me. Now that I have dis- missed that stupid valet of mine, I am likely to fare worse than ever."

He pulled at the bell furiously, and 4then threw off his outer garments. He had scarcely seated himself when a waiter entered the room in response to his summons, bringing a letter in his hand. "A letter for your lordship," he said, laying his missive on the table. "A man brought it while you were out, and left word he would call again this evening." "Very well," said Lord Adlowe, writing a few lines on the back of a card he had just withdrawn from his card-case and proceeding to inclose the bit of pasteboard in an envelope. "I want a letter sent directly. See there is no delay about it. Any visitor for me is to be shown up at once."

He sealed the envelope, addressing it to "Mr. James Rush, Private Detective," and placed it in the hands of the waiter, with a couple of half- crowns, ensjoining the utmost haste in the delivery of the missive.

The servant withdrew, and Lord Adlowe settling himself in his chair, said musingly : "This problem will be quickly and easily solved. Rush is the best detective in London—a perfect bloodhound ! lie will ferret out Lady Beatrice's secret." As he smiled in anticipated triumph, his wander- ing glances rested upon the letter the waiter hati brought. " Who's this from ? " he thought, stretching out his hand for it. "Ah ! "

He started abruptly, as his gaze fell upon the adaess. It was in an illiterate handwriting, and ill-spelled, but the very sight of it had power to blanch his cheeks and bring an expression of min- gled surprise and annoyance to his face. "It is from Negwyn he exclaimed in a whis- per. "He brought it himself ! What evil fate has brought him back to England, and at this time? I thought he was dead 1" He tore open the letter with trembling n,ers. A sheet of coarse blue paper, covere‘ f w.ith an illiterate scrawl, fell into his h"-cicla. He read it over, half 'aloud: Its contr- t,9 it as follows: My LORD— A you see by the date of this r kere hist Thurs- day from Australia. Altheuga yoti O'N:T fitt.tw hundred pounds to start me in life eigh&tif tMI Ivo, and 1 started in the farming business in Ans. trali4t difectly after, I am as poor as Lazarus to- day. worked my- passage home to England. This morning I saw your arrival from the East noticed in the paper, with your address, and I write these lines in case you are out when I call. I have. come home to lead an easy life. I want money and comforts. You, my lord, must give them to me. You will not dare refuse them to me, for I have a secret in my possession which Lord Trove'. yan would give a fortune to know. I shall come to you first. My object in coming back to England is to trade on this subject. " Your friend, if you wish it, 6 eorge Negwyn." The letter, whose sense we have given literally, but upon whose spelling we have improved, dropped from Adlowe's nerveless hands.

" The fellow is in a threatening mood t" he mut- tered. "I must conciliate him ! It will never do to let him go to my uncle ! " A heavy shadow settled upon his brow, and he sank into a gloomy reverie, from which he was finally roused by a knoc4, at the door. Crumpling up the letter, and thrusting it into his pocket, he uttered a summons to enter.

The door opened, admitting is visitor—the private detective to whom hi :s lordship had sent a written message an hour before. "Come in, Rush," said the nobleman, not arising from his seat, as he recognized the man whom he had not seen for years. " You got my note, I see, and are as punctual a 3 ever. Be seated." Rush accepted the invitation.

lie was a mall, wiry man, with quick and cat- like movements and an appearance of intense ner- vousness. his thin face had a peculiarly vacant look, whenever he chose te have it so, and his small, been eyes had a habit of moving about rest- lessly, Seeing in those quick glances, one would have thought. Those who knew Mr. Rush best, however, said that nothing ever escaped his vision, and that any circumstance,. however trivial, that came under his 01)servation was sot forgotten, as is usual with online iv people, but was labelled, ticketed, and put awo,y in his capacious, brain, ready for use should occasion ever require it.. In fact, Mr. hash was • a detective of singular ability and modesty--a man who had little connec- tion or acquaintance with police otlici:tls, and who was mainly employed by private individuals who desired to keep their affairs secret.. " Still a detective, I suppose, Rush?" said his

lordship, with a business air. sent the letter to your old address, not 'knowing whether you stil) lived there, or where_ lam glad to see you." The detective bowed gravely. " Some years since," continued Lord Adlowe, "I employed you to look up Geoffrey Trevclyan, after his Bight to London from Trevelyan Park. You traced him to Liverpool, and discovered that he sailed for South America' and subsequently • earned that the same vessel did not bring him back. He died in Brazil, believe before the vessel left Rio. You siiowed great skill in your ' search for him, and maintained a secrecy like that •of the grave. I have need of the same qualities now !"

" I am at your lordship's service," replied the detective.

"You have heard of the Lady Beatrice Hampton,. of course " began. Lord Adlowe, in some embarass- men t.

The detective brightened and settled his wander- ing gaze upon hislost. "Every one has heard of the Earl of Hampton's daughter, my lord," he answered, " the beautiful, unapproachable Lady Beatrice."

" Yes, and wondered at her persistency in re- maining single," said Lord Adlowe. " She has had suitors by the score, but she has refused them all. Now I want you to discover why she does not 1115 rry. " The detective arched his brows, but remained silent.

" You think the task difficult—impossible," said his lordship, " but I can give you a clew that may assist you. I have dined this evening at Hampton House, and have made a discovery that cannot fail ! to awaken your professional zeal." He graphically narrated his adventures of the even- ing, the conversation he had overheard, the visit to the chambers of the Lady Beatrice, and the start- ling discovery of he-r absence. "I have long been a suitor of the lady," he added, 1‘ and renewed my proposal this evening for her hand. She has at last deigned to encourage my suit. I have, therefore, a right to understand her thoroughly, to gain her secrets in any way I can. Will you undertake the case ? " The detective had listened without an interrup- tion, but that he had beert deeply interested in the narrative was evidenced by his reply. "I will work up the case," he said, and his eyes gleamed with professional shrewdness. "You may rely upon me, my lord. I will be as silent and as secret as death. The points are—" "To discover where she goes when she absents herself from home, who she sees, and What she does. Probe her secret to the bottom, and you may name your own reward. Here is a retaining fee." He tossed, the detective at bank-note, which he

took from his purse. Rush received it without looking at it, and put it in his pocket-book. "I am going to Trevelyan Park to-morrow, to see my uncle," said his lordship, "but shall return to town in a day or two. My address, until you hear further, will be at this hotel. I think I shall keep these rooms for the season, dividing my tiine between london and Trevelyan Park."

"I wiU send you a report of my proceedings every day, my lord," said Rush. "If I have any- thing of great importance to communicate, I win fetch the news myself. Is there anything more?" "Nothing more, I believe." "Bas the Lady Beatrice a maid?" "Really, I don't know. I think not. In fact, I sm sure not. "She is still absent from home?"

14rd Adlowe replied in the affirmative." "I will commence my duties at once," remarked Rush, arising. "Fortunately, I have nothing pressing on my hands now. I will pay every attention to this business, and keep you informed of my discoveries. My lord, good evening."

The detective bowed himself out, closing the door behind him.

"The case is in the right hands," muttered Ad- lowe, delightedly, when again alone. "By next week, at the latest, I shall know where the Lady Beatrice spends her missing hours. I hope Rush will make some horrible discovery of an intrigue,, or some such thing ! I'd use it to tame that haughty creature- I'd give a fortune to see lbsi, bow and plead to me—to me whom she detests,. but whose case the has deigned to take into con- sideration. lam on the threshold of a splendid revenge for her coldness and slight--on the thres- hold of a glorious triumph." He enjoyed his prospect with the ardour of a, petty soul. "And it's time," he added, after a pause, that my long and sa-earisorne courtship ended in marriage; I am in debt, and need money. My unck, Lord Trevelyan, seems bound to live forever. Ali'!"

He started, as a low, irregular knocking sounded on the door. The next moment a F.4cond visitor entered the room.

He was a man a little past the middle age, tall; and stout; and strong, with grizzled hair and! beard, an unquiet eye, bespeaking a mind ill at] ease, and his general aspect was that of one whol had been buffeted by the world. His garmentsi were seedy and threadbare. His manner was more] defiant than respectful. His name, as the letter he had sent indicated, was George Negwyn. He had been, eighteen years before, the valet and confidential attendant of Lord Adlowe, and had emigrated to Australia„ where he had since remained.

Lord Adlowe greeted his former valet with an easy nod, and a smile of forced pleasantness.

"So you've turned up again, Negwyn, he ob- served, pointing to a chair. "I thought you promised to remain in Australia for the term of your natural life, and her you are again Two hundred pounds was to he a quit-claim upon inel and now you want more ! " "I can't help it, my lord," said the visitor, sul- lenly, as he sat down, twirling his old slouched hat in his hands. "I ain't going to starve, my lord, when I know somethin -that others 'ivould pay to know also. If yo want to treat with me, just say so. I ;IA ready to go at once!" and ha half arose frdn his chair. - • "You heean't be iii_a_l2i_irrz,'Yo-bserved Lord Adidev quiey.- 'TT suppose I refuse to do any- o- Vilna tir 17'a—what then?" _

"I shall go down to Trevelyan Park by the first train," was the response. "Or, perhaps I'd call on the Lady Beatrice Hampton first. She would give something to have Geoffrey Trevelyan's nanê An 'f she wouldn't, Lord Trevel- M -v:tonld pay well a the truth in a cer- tain matter that transpired just eiihteen years ago." " Well, what is your demand, ilegWYlll What. do you want ? " asked his lordship, surveying his visitor with asshrned carelessness.

"I want a home—money—clothes !" exclaimed the man, with a burst of bitterness. • "There are nights when I cannot sleep for thinking of one we both wronged—you in deed ;Iby my silence. I heard that he was dead—that he died in Brazil. My lord, do you never think remorsefully of that poor boy—ruined, _wrecked, and dead? Ile might have• been living now, happy and honoured, but for you and me ! "

The visitor's hard, st;rong features twitched con- vulsively, and he 100he.4 with ea,gerness.at his lord- ship. 'No ; I never think such absurdities," declared Adlowe, disdainfully. "And if you do, you are a weak and pining fool; not a man of sense." Negwyn clasped his brown hands together, and dismissed all emotion from his face.

" Pardon, my lord," he said, half humhly. " I have that mood come over me at times, but I can be true to a compact, if you choose tc•make one with me."

"About money," said Adlowe, deliberately—" I have little to give. My own small property is al- ready enedmbered with debts. My only hope is in Lord Trevelyan's death ! But I'll make, you. an Negwyn." " Well ?" said the visitor, inquiringly. "I will take you back into my service as my. ralet. I have none at present. You shall have a salary of a hundred pounds a year, and at Lord Trevelyan's death I will give you a thousand pounds down. What do you say to that ?" "I accept the offer, my lord," was the eager re- ponse,. " When shall I enter upon my new duties? "

" Immediatel,7," replied his lordship, producing a twenty-pound note from his pocket-book and tossing it to his visitor. "Go out and fit yourself up with suitable clothes with that. To-morrow / go down to Trevelyan Park for a brief visit to my uncle. You will accompany me. No one will recognise you there, for you have changed greatly. Yet you had better take a new name. I don't want all my past raked over, as it would be by the vil- lage gossips, or by my uncle, if you are known to be in my service again. Besides," he added, " the Lady Beatrice Hampton has advertised for you again and again. Ido not wish her to know that you still live !"

" Then, my lord, you can call me Hasidim," said the newly engaged valet. "I was known by that name part of the time out in Australia. I don't care to see the Lady Beatrice. She wouldn't pay me so well as your lordship will." 44 No, because she has not the same reason to do • • Be faithful to me, Negwyn, and you won't re- gret it. The valet picked up the bank-note and put it in his pocket. An air of contentment and satisfac- tion now beamed from his hard-featured face, re- placing his former expression of defiance. lie arose, saying: "I'll go out now, my lord, for new clothing. I will be back in an ;lour. Your lordship 'll hear no more whining from me. Even if Geoffrey Trevel- yan was to come back—and it is possible, isn't it, that he is not dead—l would stand by your lordship. You have made me your slave, my lord ! " _

He retired from the room with a succession of

bows. Lord Adlowe looked after him with thoughtful glance. "Yes, I have made Negwyn my slave," he mused. "And if Geoffrey Trevelyan should come back— God help him I But I need not waste thoughts on one who has mouldered to dust. I will think, in- stead, of the peerless beauty whom I shall soon claim as my own. The cords will soon begin to tighten around he-. Ah !my Lady Beatrice, you may be keen, but you have got a desperate man to deal with now. And as surely as you and I both live, that bloodhound of a detective will know your secret before you are many days—yes, hours—. OM I

(To be continued).

Lord Justice A. L. Smith occasionally sits with his brother magistrates at Chichester. Recently some new JP's were sworn and took their seats on the bench for the first time: One of them was noticed to be coach- ing the Lord Justice throughout the whole of the proceedings.

Count Fabbricotti, the owner of the villa at Florence which is prrsently to be occupied by the Queen-Empress, is an ardent cyclist, who has a long track within his grounds. This will be utilised for Her Majesty's morn- ing airings in her donkey. chair.

0 A,/ C,40/o;f7.- , 10,4 c, • c,l67eeit&N , )121.

GIVE EA9E & COMFORT DURING TEETHING. Pleas.int, Cooling Aperient for Children of all Ag.?,s. Try them and prove their value for yourselves. Sold everywhere in packets, is. I,ld. and 2s. 9d., or post ret 14 or 34 stamps. J. PRITCHARD. CHEMIST, CIIEADLF. MANCHESTER (lateChoriton Road).

===== 0002601_18940310_art0014.txt | included=true | included =====
Mii&EMENIMMI

SPRING.

O'er heaven's blue arch, so wide, so deep, Spring's fleecy clouds appear;. And fresh from winter's gloomy sleep, Earth hails the vernal year. The days expanding brighter grow, • As en they gently glide: How beautiful the morning's glow, How calm the eventide! River and lake, and sedgy pond All sparkle in the sun: While streamlets freed from icy bond, Glad through the valle3 a run. 07er hill and dale, and desert land, Soft blows the balmy air; And wand'ring by the lonely strand, Plays with the wavelets there. The woods their leafy charms display So rich in varied hues; The blossom'd hedgerow by the way, Our path with fragrance strews. Now, first of all the early flowers, The daisy breaks the mould: : And, laughing, drinks the genial showers. That fill her cups of gold. Wbere'er we tread, where'er we rest, That lowly fower is been: To age and childhood still the best, To mem'ry aver green. What new-b3rn insects on the wing. Disport them in the grove On thorn and tree the wild birds sing Their ow sweet songs of love. And man, afresh to labour born, Goes forth with morning now,, To sow the fields with yellow corn, Or guide the rustic plough. Though bard his task, light is his heart And as he strides along, He cheers his humble, useful part, With snatch of rural song. Hail glorious Spring, we love thy reign, Its charms have few alloys: Thy touch renews oar youth again, Reviving hopes and joys. And what if thunder crashing loud Should wake some nervous fears? gow soon upon the passing cloud The bow of peace appears! Its. H. W. CLINDINNING.

DESPERATE ATTEMPT TO EVA_DE ARREST AT RUNCORN.

A PLUNGE INTO THE DOCKS.

John Davies, employed on board the steam-turz " Dagmar," of Runcorn, and apparently about 34 years of age, was brought up in custody at the Run- eorn Petty sessions, on Monday, on a charge of be- ing drunk and disorderly in Church-st., Runcorn,on the 23rd March, 1891--P.C. Benfield, of Westont tat that a warrant for the apprehension of the pr.;4ollCr tVai issued in March, 1891, but until t-lif; Dl.evieh bight (Sunday) it had not been Poe to ecute it. At about 10.15 on that occasion. 63 thet the pier hea.l Ff the., `01.4 prisoner near to the Canal. Runcorn, and recognised him as IC;uri Davies. He addressed him by name, where- rtlls6ll Drisoner said "My name is not Davies." The officer l replied that he would take the prisoner to his ship in order to ascertain his name, and was about to secure him for this purpose, when the prisoner cried out " You won't take me alive," broke away, and running towazis the pier head, plunged head first into the dock. After a couple of minutes had expired, witness heard the man Davies shoutinc, in the water for help and in the mean- time a seaman from the steamer " OrmerOd " had put off in a boat with a view to rescuing the prisoner. The seaman succeeded in pulling Davies out of the water just in the nick of time and as he was about to sink. Davies ttAM. br9Jight afthere unconscious, and with the as- sisiance of the tamer and P.C. Benfield restored amina- , Lion by rubbing the body with a towel.—The Bench said that: in view of the heavy costs., they would only fini I prisoner" 2/ ed., which with the costs made a total at , 17s. 10d.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0015.txt | included=true | included =====
THE MASSACRE' OF WILSON'S PARTY,

,0....•

THE 2..AST STAND. THE SCENE OF

CAPE TOWN, MONDAY.-Mr. Dawst:"l, the trader, Whi has just returned fr.,m his mission beyotii *he Shangani for the purpose of ascertaining the truth regPfethig the death of Lobenguli, and recovering the remains Of Major Wilson's party, has arrived at Buluwayo, having ac- complished the objects of his journey. He has now telegraphed his official report to Sir Henry Loch. Mr. Dawson states that he made his way across the Shan- gani river to the scene of the last stand of Wilson, Bor- row, and their comrades. There, within a circle of fif- teen yards, he found thirty-three skulls, and Qne skull was lying some thirty yards outside this narrow circle. Collecting, the skulls and such retnains as were lying near, Mr. Dawson laid them together in one grave under- neath a tree. At the head of the grave he placed a wooden cross, inscribing on it the words," To brave men." As to the death of Lobengula there is no longer room for doubt. Mr. Dawson ascertained that the King died of fever on the 23rd of January, at a spot some forty miles south of the Zambesi. He was nearly alone. The Matabele, Mr. Dawson says, are hurrying into surrender, and are inquiring eagerly where their may live, and what is to be done regarding the support of Lobengula's children and his queens. They have been assured by the British authorities that the wives and families of the Kin, will be well looked after. The tone of the nation, Mr. Dawson adds, is surprisingly meek, and there is no necessity to send forward any troops to complete the subjugation of the Matabele.

DAUGHTER: "You know, father, they are going to have a fair at the church next week, and I thought I would like to get something for it." Father (handing her a cheque) : "Certainly, my daughter. In the cause- of charity I am always libcral. What were you going to get?" Daugh- ter : "Something in the way of a new gown." . "IT isn't love," observes "Top," in the Tropical Tim, " that mikes people marry." "It's flattery—rank flattery. The man is pleased because the woman took a fancy to so inferior a creature as be knows himself to be; and the woman's vanity is tickled for a similar reason. In a word, each approves of the other for showing poor taste in choosing a mate." __

===== 0002601_18940310_art0016.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PLAGU'E OF LIFE

A "Little Cough," THE :RUIN OF HEALTH A " Little Cough, THE FORERUNNER OF DEATH :

A "Little Cough." Which may be CURED now by the IMMEDIATE USE • HALL'S FOR INFLUENZA NH A D ALL CHEST LUNG pLESTOegßisEteßred t LUNG AND THROAT RESTORER COMPLAINTS. Never Fails, It POF,SESSES Tft F. POWER to SOOIIIE, RELIEVE and LUNG HEAL, which exists in ua . other preparation. RESTORER

Fon COUGHS LUNG RESTORER on COLDS. Never Fails. It NEVER FAILS to GIVE INSTANT RELIEF. LUNG RESTORER THE FIRST DOSE Is A SOOTHING PRE- LUNG LIME TO THE CURE. RESTORER INDUCES SLEEP

-- Calm and Refreshing. LUNG RESTORER DOES NOT CONTAIN LAUDANUM. OFlum, or Never Fails MORPHIA. - LUNG RESTORER ron WHOOPING COUGII. LUNG IT ACTS LIKE A CHAR3I. RESTORER Children like it. Never Fails• ONE 1321 D. BOTTLE. HALL'S JUN(* I? ESTORER PROVES ITS VALUE. ..1 Registered ESTABLISHED 40 YEARS. GIVES INSTANT NEVER NEVER RELIEF. FAILS. FAILS.

EXTRACT FROM LETTER OF WITNESS BEARER : Mrs. M. A. Smith, Orphan Home for Girls, Croydon. To Mr. TILOS. HALL.—" DEAR SLR, —I am pleased t• testify to the great benefit derived from the use of your LITI!O RESTORER, which I have given to s,•veral Children,le,•• my Home—in two cases particularly its ff(y3ts were marve; loos., haying cured most obstinate Coughg. I shall he please" to recommend it to all my friends."

CAUTION.—WheII you ask, ask for a Bottle of ITALI.S LUNG RESTORER, don't be persuaded to accept anytiz47u7 else. Upon the outside wrapper of every genuine Bottle appears my Trade Mark (the figure of HoP.E) and Signature- Beware of fraudulent imitations and innovations. Sold by Chemists and Stores everywhere, in BottlET, ls. Id. and 2s. 9cl. Should there be any difacultY obtaining, it will ba sent carriage .paid, on receipt of for the amount, from THOS. HALL, 24, Queen Victoria- , street, London, EC.

.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0017.txt | included=true | included =====
FACTS WORTH KNOWING.

Inc of the most prevalent and painful diseases which overtake us during the changeable spring weather is 'Cystitis or Inflammation of the Bladder. The frequent desire and oftentimes inability to pass water, with in- tense burning : discharge of great threads of glairy 11111COUS : sickness : sleeplessness: chills alternated with hot lushes : terrible prostration and loss of flesh, are a f6vr of the many harassing symptoms so difficult to 'toaster. No wonder that a never failing remedy for the sure is hailed with delight. No wonder Mrs. C.Fraser, vf New Elgin, Scotland, felt grateful. She writes. "I suffered excruciating agonies from an attack of Inflam- mation cf the Bladder. So intense, indeed was the pain, that the least effort to walk caused me to scream. The various symptoms which are present in this disease Were not rnodifl*d by the internal remedies used and ex- ternal applications, and after months of treatment my doctor gave me up saying he could nothing for me. As a last resort I was persuaded to give Warner's Safe Cure a trial and surely it proved a blessing in giving ma hack health and strength. This was four years ago, and I am thankful to say I have enjoyed uninterrupted good health ever since."

===== 0002601_18940310_art0018.txt | included=true | included =====
NVARBINGTON TOWN CO UNCIL.

The monthly meeting of the Warrington Town "Council was held at the Town Hall, on Tuesday evening. There were present Alderman Francomb (in the chair), Harrison, Sutton, Holmes, Wright, Blackhurst, and Ashton Councillors Heaton.Flood, Hepherd, Beaman, Plumpton, Muir, Shaw, Wilkin- - son, Garner, Skelton, Bennett, Shillcock,S meth lust, Hill, Greening, Bolton, J. 'Fairclongh, B. T. Fair- dough, Dr. Cannel], J. Shaw Green, Roberts, Monks Baird, Hutchinson Lonp.,rton ; also Mr. J. Lyon Whittle (Town clerk), Mr. S. Wilson (deputy town clerk), Mr. Fairhurst (Boro' treas), and Mr.J. Long- din (Borough surveyor). THE HEALTH.

The CHAIRMAN said a communication had been received from the Mayor(Alclerman Greenall) saying that he was very much improved in health. (Hear, hear.) , Alderman SUTTON said ho had no doubt that every member of the council wohld'feel highly gratified at the welcome announcement which the Chairman had just made. He proposed a resolution in which the Council expressed their pleasure at the restoration to health of the Mayor, and expressing their hope that the improve- ment would be of a permanent character ; and that he would soon be able to continue his valuable services on behalf of the Corporation and the town generally. (Hear hear.) Alderman Housirs said he had great pleasure in second- ing the resolution. The motion was then carried. TEE AUDITORS. _

The CHAIRMAN reported that Mr. James Bolton, of 63, Wilderspool-road, accountant, and Mr. John Harrison, 4, Egypt-st., tailor and woollen draper,had been elected elective auditors, and that the Mayor had appointed Mr Councillor Arthur Bennett as his auditor.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0019.txt | included=true | included =====
A NEW COUNCILLOR.

The CHAIRMAN said he had also to report that Mr. John Baird, 28, Arthur-st.,brewer,had been duly elected a councillor for the Orford ward.

VOTES OF CONDOLENCE.

The CHAIRMAN stated that since the last council meet- ing there had been three deaths of councillors or past councillors. He proposed that votes of condolence be sent to the families of the late Councillor Bonnell, the late Mr. R. W. Marsh, and the late Mr. N. B. Percival.

This proposal was agreed to. WATCH COMIT2TTEE : POLICE CLOTHIN4O.

At a meeting of the above cmirnittee it wa s resolved that the tender of Mcssrs. James Smith srvd Co., of Derby to supply certain articles of clothing to the police he accepted. Contracts were also given to Messrs. tlnsworth Bros., and Messrs. W. Hall and on of War- rington. The minutes were approved on the motion of the Chairman, seconded by Alcjerman HAnuisok. AN IMPORTANT QUESTION OF PRINCIPLE. A FIREMEN'S SUPPER AND ITS COST.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0020.txt | included=true | included =====
Alderman HOLMES moved the adoption of the minutes of the Finance and Estate Committee. Councillor SECANT OW:EN in seconding, referred to the additional assistance which it was proposed to render to the Borough Treasurer. In having the increase in the work of that department, he said that in the year /877, before the Gas Works were purchased, the number of assessments were 8,2E5, aud the ratable value '£110,063 103. ; in 1893 the assessments were 11,600, and the rat- able value £159,783 10s., or an increase of 4D per cent. of assessments and 46 per cent, in the ratable value. The bonded debt of the Corporation in 1877 was £89,900 and the number of bondholders 263. In 1893 the bonded debt was £574,958. and the number of bondholders and annuitauts over 800. They had recently adfied to the Finance Department the collection of the water rate,and had brought the staff from the offices in Cairo-street to the offices at the Town Hall. In 1889, when they pur- chased the Water ViTerks, there were 11,850 assessments, now there were 13,230. The natural increase had gone on, and the work had increased necessarily, but the staff had not been increased. Even during the last nine months there had been ZOO houses built in the borough, and about 700 additional water assessments during the same period. The salaries in 1877, exclusive of those relating to the Water Department, were £669; in 1893, -4727. The Water Department was then brought to the Town Hail. The salaries at that time were £1,295, and the salaries paid at the date when his return was pre- pared was £963. Councillor ROBERTS moved, as an amendment, that the minutes of the committee be confirmed with the ex- ception of one relating to the payment of accounts amounting to £4,505 16s. 61 He did not object to the Payment of the whole amount, but only to a sum of -£5 14s. 10d. included in it, and that referred to an account which was presented by the Fire Engine Com- mittee to the Finance Committee, and refused by the Finance Committee without the sanction of the General Purposes Committee. That committee at the last meet- ing passed the account, and the Finance Committee were justified in presenting it that night far the sanction of the Council. Be ,(Councillor Roberts) flow wished to take the sense of the Council upon the propriety of vot- ing the sum of money to which he had referred. On a certain date a new steam fire-engine was bought and brought to Warrington for trial. It was duly- tried in the morning, and at noon the Fire Engine Committee Were invited to lunch at the expense of Captain Cleaver, Who represented Messrs. Merryweather, the manufac- turers of the engine. So far so good. (Laughter.) The *remen who were employed on that occasion, fifteen in number, were all paid for their day's work, whether they were invited to the lunch or not he did not know. but in the evening, when the men had an opportunity of returning to their homes and the members of the corn- enittee had the same opportunity, a supper took place at the Drill Hall. When lie saw an account of the speeches Which were made on that occasion, he thought that the members of the Fire Engine Committee were a good set 0 fellows indeed—(laughter)—that they were extremely generous, and deserved the thanks of the people; but to his intense astonishment at the last meeting of the General Purposes Committee he found that the fit of generosity was only a sham fit, and that the supper had taken place not at the expense of the Fire Engine Corn- naittee, but at the expense of the ratepayers. (Laugh- ter.) It was true that the cost of the supper was small, but there was a very serious principle involved. (Hear, hear.) Up to the present time, whenever any festivi- ies had been indulged in by any committee, the cost had .neon defrayed by the members, not a single penny had been spent purely in festivities. If it was peeper for the Pire Engine Committee to give a treat, at the expense of the ratepayers. to the firemen and to their noble selves, and those they chose to invite-33 were invited in all— Where were they to draw the line? If the principle was ('nee admitted of the expenditure of the ratepayers' Innney on festive occasions it might be disastrous to the future good government of the town. He objected to the payment of the amount be had named on principle, Itnd be thought tik,,t The Council should at that stage refuse to allow the amount to be passed. Hear, hear.) Councillor Dates FAMCLOUGH seconded the amend- anent. Councillor HUTCHINSON, (Chairman of the Fire Engine 'isuinmittee) said that a, new steam fire engine was rarely brought to Warrington; icdeed the occasion in question Was the second of the kind since the incorporation of , uee borough. The committee thought that something should be done to celebrate the occasion, and also that the firemen should be remembered. (Hear, hear.) In Most towns large expenses were incurred by cerporation in entertainments of the kind to which Councillor Roberts "t 1 referred. The Fire Engine Committee of the War- nngton Corporation did not propose to spend large sums but they certainly did think that the firemen deserved !nate recognition of their services. The men received 4s. a. day for their work. They went on the morning, in fluestion at about ten o'clock, and went out to Messrs. F...E!i_rclough's mill. The day was bitterly cold, and rain leell.heavily at times. They worked at the experiments until noo,, when they came to the Town Hall to test the e4Pacity of the hydrants. Through the liberality of Captain Cleaver a luncheoe was provided at the Town ...a 11, and several persons were invited ,in addition to the eletnbers of the Fire Engine Committee. Every member the Council Was asked to attend. The luncheon con- ned of bottles of beer,lemonade for the teetotalers, an Zinsky and soda, and sandwiches. It was, he thought ti' would be admitted not a very elaborate lunch. The re alede'l were not there at alloeut tkey wore subsequently asked to attend the flushing of the sewers. This was Very hard work,and they were engaged until five o'clock. They were then released, but were asked to attend at sthueDerr had aHall at half-past seven o'clock for supper. This pp the committee been arranged for by himself as chairman of Per Was Rztt and other members. The cost of the sup- They had beer, lemonade, soda water, Pipes, tobacco., and soda water and whiske far the head table—(lau the diffgh t'er)—and the cost of the drinks made up eren that Councriellin the bill. He was certainly surprised amendment. °r James Fairclough should second the Councillor j (Laughter.) work at our AMES FAIRCLOUGII You refused to do env Place. (Laughter.)

===== 0002601_18940310_art0021.txt | included=true | included =====
Councillor HUTCHINSON :_Shall Lexplain that ?

I Councillor SMETHURST : Don't explain it. Councillor HUTCHINSON : It is very unreasonable to object to such a small sum, and slo,ws the feeling that exists at times with regard to small items. Alderman SUTTON remarked that the money 'w ts a'- lowed by the General Purposes Committee on the undeN standing that the Fire Engine Committee " did not do it again." (Laughter.) He thought that after the ex- planation which had been given by Councillor Hutchin- son it would be better to allow the matter to pass with- out further discussion. (Hear, hear.) Councillor BOLTON observed that there was not a single member of the Council who objected to the fire- men enjoying themselves. What Councillor Roberts ob- jected to was the principle of incurring expenses that were not justifiable. He was surprised that the com- mittee should take the men out, and give them a good feed, and then ask someone else to pay the bill. (Laughter.) Alderman HARRISON remarked that it was not a ques- tion of expense, but of principle. (Hear, hear.) As Councillor Roberts had said, it was the introduction of a principle that might prove disastrous to which he ob- jected. Under the circumstances, however, and seeing that the General Purposes ,Cornmittec were wdlin to pass the account, would it not be prudent and-judicious for him to withdraw his amendment'? The amount in question was small, but it was the principle they must look at. (Hear, hear.) Let Mr. Roberts withdraw, kiss and be friends. (Laughter.) Councillor MUIR supported the amendment on prin- ciple. He hoped the members of the General Purposes Committee would take into their consideration the annual visit of the members of the School Attendance 'Committee to the training ship Clio, at Bangor. (Laughter.) Councillor Dr. CAITNELL said he must confess that he was suprised that Councillor Muir should object to the .payment of the amount in question, because he was one of those who attended the supper. (Laughter.) He (the speaker) believed that Councillor Roberts had pro- posed his amendment as a huge joke. There was no doubt about that. (' No, no.') Councillor Roberts had distinctly told them that such a thing had never been done before, but what about the cost of the deputations to the Longford depot when that gentleman was a mem- ber of the committee ? What about Councillor Roberts when the members of the Corporation went on the Hel- vetia to Manchester and debited theCorperation with ' the feed ?

===== 0002601_18940310_art0022.txt | included=true | included =====
—„. . Councillor ROBERTS : I was not there. Councillor Dr. CANNELL : But you allowed the bill to be passed. Councillor ROBERTS : I don't know anything about the bill. Councillor Dr. CANNEL!.:: I don't think we shall be blackballed if you take the vote. Councillor Slaw contended that Councillor Roberts had 'been a party to the passing of an account for the cabs which conveyed them to the cemetery on the occasion ,of the funeral of the late Councillortonnell. (Cries of "Oh, oh.") As much principle was involved in the one as in the other. The CHAIRMAN : I don't think we ought to refer to that matter. Councillor SHAW : But if Councillor Roberts is going on principle we must have one matter mentioned as well as another. I contend that there is as much principle involved in the one case as in the other. The CHAIRMAN:: I think that above all things we ought not to bring in anything connected with a funeral 11 think we ought to draw the line there. (Hear, hear ) Alderman WRIGHT (to Councillor Shaw) : I hope you will withdraw that. Councillor MONKS agreed with Councillor Roberts with reference to the expenditure, but now that the money had been spent he was not prepared to vote for the amendment if it meant that the members of the com- mittee would have to pay the cost out of their own pockets. Councillor SMETHURST spoke against the amendment. Councillor PLEMPTON Said that what had taken place that night was a surprise to him, as a member of the Tire Engine Committee. He did not know that the cost of the supper, which he was hot at, would be charged to the ratepayers. He should, under these circumstances, support the amendment. Councillor HILL wished to make an explanation. The sum of £5 14s. which had been mentioned did not repre- -sent the whole of the cost of the supper. He believed that the Chairman (Councillor Hutchinson) paid £3 14s. towards the cost. If the whole cost of the supper had -been sent in to the Cerporation he Gould have understood a little grumbling. In answer to a member, The CHAIRMAN said that if the amen4ment pas sed the account would not be paid by the Corporation ; t he cost of the supper would fall on the committee. The amendment, that the minutes be passed with the exception of the payment of the £E,l4s., was then put to the meeting with the following result : For—Councillors Roberts, Greening, J. Fairclough, Green, Plumpton, Wilkinson-6. Against—Aldermen Francomb, Harrison, Sutton, Wright, Ashton; Councillors Heaton, Flood, Hutchinson, -Bolton, Cannell, Hill, Smethurst, Shillcock, Monks, Skelton, Longton, Baird, Shaw-18. The CHAIRMAN: Six for the amendment and 18 against it. Therefore the amendment is lost. Councillor HEATON : On behalf of the committee I shall have very great pleasure in paying the account. it shall not come out of the rates. The minutes of the committee were then confirmed.

STREET IMPROVEMENT AVD LIGTITING COMMITTEE.

At meetings of the above committee, plans of various buildings, Sze., were approved ; and it was resolved that the sum of £4O be paid to Mr_ Wm. Atherton for a piece of land containing 83 square yards in Roger-st., for toe purpose of wideninc, and improving that street, the Cor- poration to rebuild the boundary wall and to pave so much of Roger-st., as is so co-extensive with land pur- chased.—The minutes were adopted on the motion of Alderman SUTTON seconded by Alderman BLAcKuurtsT. THE TOWN HALL STABLES PROVOSED REMOVAL.

Ma meeting of the Sanitary Works Committee a sub- committee was appointed to discuss with the Town Hall Committee the proposed removal of the stables from the Town Hall. Councillor F. 11,. MoNKs moved the confirmation of the inieutes., and said that with respect to the action of the committee in deciding to spend 25 in sinking the well at Longford a further depth of 25 feet, the result had justi- fied the action as they had a very considerably increased. amount of water in consequence. (Hear, hear.) Councillor BEAMAN seconded, and said that through sinking the well 25 feet deeper they had raised the water in the borehole about 90 feet, so that now it came to the top, and there was an unlimited supply of water suffi- cient to meet the requirements of Longford for years to come. (Applause.) The minutes were carried. PAVING AND SEWERAGE COMMITTEE. At a meeting of this committee it was resolved that the Water Committee be requested to permit this com- mittee to use proper self-registering standpoints for measuring the water required for flushing sewers on any, of the water mains, and that the committee be also re- quested to take into consideration the price charged for the water so used.—The minutes were confirrne•cl, on the motion of Alderman WRIGHT, seconded by Councillor FIEATON.

SCHOOL ATTENDANCE C Olf MI TT EE .-TEU A N T SCHOOL

ACCOMMODATION.

At a meetinc, of the School Attendance Committee it was resolved CO draw the attention of the County Coun- cil of. Lancashire to the necessity of truant school ac- commodation in Lancashire. The average attendance at the public elementary schools during November, December, and January was reported to he :—November 8.143; December, 7,797; January, 8,298; November, 1892, 7,270; December, 1892, 7,120; January. 1893, 7,917; or increases respectively of 873, 677. and 381. It was resolved that the resignation of Councillor Smet- hurst as deputy-chairman of the committee be accepted, and that Councillor Shaw be appointed deputy-chairman. At a further meeting of the' committee, the resolution appointing Councillor Shaw as deputy-chairman was rescinded. Councillor SHAW GREEN moved that the minutes be confirmed with the exception of the resolution appoint- ing Councillor Shaw deputy-chairman cf the committee. He said the Council would notice that there was a reso- lution calling the attention of the County Council of Lancashire to the necessity of truant school accommo- dation. It would be within the recollection of the Coun- cil that they had urged that accommodation of this kind should be provided, and that they had asked the repre- sentatives of the borough on the County Council to take every means in their power to get the matter satisfac- torily arranged. Every boy who was beyond the con- trol of his parents in Warrington had to be sent to the Clio, or other industrial schools, and to be kept there for several years. If they had a truant school where the boy could be sent for a few weeks or months, and then al- lowed to go home again on a certificate, the cost would be small, and the boy might be reclaimed much more readily than if he were sent far away for a long period. Councillor PLUMPTON seconded the confirmation of the minutes. Councillor BOLTON and Alderman Harrison asked for more definite information with regard to the resolution referring to Councillor Shaw's appointment as vice-chair- man of the committee. Alderman HARRISON asked if Councillor Shaw had been appointed deputy chairman of the committee by the Committee? It was stated that Councillor Shaw had been appointed whereupon a discussion arose cas to the legality of rescinding the appointment. The Toerii CLERIC, in reply to several members, said that the committee had the power to rescind any reso- lution they had passed at a previous meeting, and any appointment they made did not require the confirmation of the Council. The School Attendance Committee was like the Watch Committee and the Museum Committee, the proceedings of which were not submitted for the confirmation of the Council except in the matter of money. Councillor Ronears observed that if the chairman and vice-chairman of a committee occupied their positions at the will of the members of the committee,the General Purposes Committee, which consisted largely of the chairmen and deputy chairmen of committees, wculd be subject to considerable changes.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0023.txt | included=true | included =====
111 E EXAMINER, SATURDA f. MARCH 10, 1894. TO RIGHT THE WRONG.

Councillor FLOOD explaißed that the appointment of Councillor Shaw was made at a small meeting and when a m--)re largely attended meeting was afterwards held the resolution was rescinded. 'Fh- minutes were eventually confirmed. mcsEum COMMITTEE " BESPEAKING" BOOKS.

The minutes of the above committee were of a routine .c!Qatalter. Councillor ROBERTS moved their confirmation and re- ferred to the facr, that a charge of one penny had been levied on borrowers bespeaking books at the Free Lib- rary, as the former charge of a halfpenny did not cover the expenses. Councillor GREENING seconded the confirmatien of the minutes. Councillor R. T. FAIRCLOUGII requested that the com- mittee would take into consideration the desirability of having a wood pavement in Museum-street, as at the the meetings of the Literary and Philosophical Society when a cab was 'passing they could not hear anything that was goimg on. Councillor HUTCIIINSON moved as an amendment that :the minute referring to the charge of one penny be not passed, as it would have a teucf.e.ncy to make the Lib- rary a class institution, and would not benefit the work- ing clas3es, but only ba a convenience for those who could afford the penny. Councillor iiOLTON : I second the antendment on tha principl that workingmen ought to have all-they can get. (Laughter.) -, Alderman HourEs referred to Councillor Fairelough's request, and said the shopkeepers hadito put up with cabs and waggons going past their places, and he did not see why the Literary and Philosophical Society should he favoured at the expense of the shopkeepers and others. Councillor ROBERTS took it that there was ,an intellec- tual side to the life of Warrington, which it was worth ' while that the Council should cultivate, and he thought , they might do anything that'would conduce to the coin- fort of those attending the Art Classes and the Literary and Philosophical Society, cund if the committee could see their way to make the suggested alteration they would do so. The committee had not agitated Lr the matter, but he was pleased is had been mentioned. In regard to the amettiment of Councillor Hutchinson, be denied that they were doing anything in favour of the monied class. It was a Free Library,and they intended to maintain it as such. If any workingman student wanted a particular book to help him in his studies— perhaps in 'connection with the Technicalllnstitute—he had only to bespeak it and pay a penny, and he would get it in a tew days. instead of having to wait perhaps months for it, if such an arrangement were not in force.

Ultimately the amendment was withdrawn and the minutes were confirmed.

TOWN HALL, PARK, AND BATHS COMMITTEE: THE ,GATES. This Committee's minutes which we published last week, related to the Town Hall entrance gates, pillars, and arch. Councillor BOLTON moved the confirmation of the minutes, stating that the committee had accepted the tender of the Coalbrookdale Company of ..-C2OO for putt- ing up the gates, and he did not think they (the Cor- poration) could have done the work themselves for any- thing like the money. Councillor HEATON seconded._ _

Councillor FLOOD was disappointed that there was not a fuller explanation with regard to the items of expendi- ture in connection with the gates. They were told a month ago that it was possible the .Council would be called upon to spend £550 for the pulling down of the wall and the formation of the ground in front of the Town Hall, and he now found as an instalment the sum of £369 for the simple work of putting the gates up, which left a small balance to lay out the ground and put up a palisading. That sum would not suffice for the purpose if they carried out the elaborate scheme propQsed. He thought they were entitled to an explanation as to what the expense would run before they granted any more moneyte the committee on that work. The CHAIRMAN said £550 had already been granted for the purpose, and these two items were part of that sum. Councillor Morrus moved an amendment that the minutes be passed with the exception of the portion re- ferring to the rental of £5 per stall at the stables. Ho thought the Sanitary Works Committee should have been consulted before such a resolution wag put on the minutes. Councillor BRAMAN seconded the amendment contend- ing that the decision come to was very premature seeing that the Sanitary Works Committee had under consider- ation the removal of the stables. Councillor BOLTON said they did not want to make anything out of the stables, but they wished each com- mittee to pay its own rents.—The minutes, except the 'portion referring to the stables, were passed.

The above should speak volumes to the workman. I venture to say there is not a railway, not a coal pit, nor yet many manufacturing concerns that would not yield much more than a "living wage" were they worked from an honest base.

Is there not something rettea in the state when one can read the following in the " Liverpool Post," and yet know that the people are starving: "Now while it is un- doubtedly true that British agriculture is in a deplor- able condition, it is also madeniable that, acre for acre, Great Britain is the most productive country ia the world. She grews more bushels of wheat to the acre, and more pounds to the bushel, than any other c.iuntry on the glebe." Northville, Worcester, Mass. Feb. 9, 1894.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0024.txt | included=true | included =====
GAS COMMITTEE: HONORARIUM TO KR. HADDOCK.

This committee proposed to give an honorarium of £5O to Mr. Haddock in recognition of extra duties in connection with the erection of a new gas holder and other plant at Longford. Councillor HEPHERD moved the confirmation of thu. minutes,and referred to the honorarium to Mr. Haddock. who,he said, had carried out the whole of the work in connection with the designing of the tank and the erec- tion of holder without employing anyonc3 to draw out plans or to take out quantities. If Mr. Haddock had not felt competent to do the work it would probably have cost the Corporation something like £550 for the services of a gas expert. Councillor B.T. FAIRCLOUGH seconded the motion, and the minutes were then passed.

RIVERS COMMITTEE: FLOW OF WATER IN THE CANAL AND MERSEY.

At a meeting the Rivers Committee the Chairman and Borough Surveyor were appointed te consult Mr. Wolfe Barry on the subject of the fixing of gauges for testing the flow of water in the river and the canal, and it was resolved that in order to obtain further protective mea- sures, a petition be presented against the Manchester Ship Canal Bill of 1891, and that notice be given to the company of the intention of the Corporation to oppoint to men to control,manage,and direct the sluices at Latch- ford Leeks, on behalf of the Corporation. Councillor R.T.:FaincLotion moved the passing of the minutes, and said some very valuable information was obtained With reference to the fixing of gauges for test- ing the flow of water in the river and the canal.. As a protective measure a petition had been presented against the Ship Canal Bill, 1894, and the resolution with regard to the sluices at Latchford was a very important one. He hoped they would be able to carry it out in its en- tirety. Councillor ROBERTS seconded the motion for the pass- ing of the minutes and this was agreed to.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0025.txt | included=true | included =====
A CHAT WITH A CYCLING CHAMPION.

" Do the long hours required for a big race, and thp monotony of going round the track, affect you ?" asked a " Chums " representative of Mr. F. W. Shorland, the Cycling Long Distance Champion of England. " Not at all," Mr. Shorland replied ; " it may make some riders a little giddy—that is all." "Do you take any special form of nourishment during the twenty-four hours' race against time ?" " Nothing, unusual." "Do you be- lieve in smoking or drinking? " " Nat to excess." " Do you believe in training ? " " Yes ;it is a good thing for anybody who has the time. I have not. Ido not train—that is, I have very seldom trained." " Would : you, do you think have done better if you had trained?" "Certainly." Looking at Mr. Shorland's light wiry frame and rather spare features, I could not help think- ing that he had no surplus flesh or fat to lose, and there- fore could very well do without training. He stands sft. Ilin., and has ridden a 58in. bicycle. " But lam heavier than you think. Guess my weight." I hazarded list., but was three-quarters short. " There is one thing boys would be interested to learn," I added, "Can you tell them what you think about when you are going round and round the track for twenty-four hours ? " "Business," promptly responded the English champion; and it may be explained that he is a prominent member of a well-known cycling firm. "It is just the same when Igo home and when Igo to bed. I always think about business before I drop off to sleep."

===== 0002601_18940310_art0026.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. EDISON'S LATEST INVENTION.

CONTINUOUS PHOTOGRAPHY.

NEW YORK, WEDNESDAY.-Mr. Edison has perfected his kinetescope for the photograph of objects in motion. The main principle of the invention consists of taking a great number of impressions by means of a camera in a very limited space of time, thus obtaining a continuous photograph of the entire motion of the object or person selected. The photographs follow each other in such rapid succession that no lapse of time can be detected between the impressions recorded, and the series of pictures becomes in effect but one picture. The subject chosen for the first photograph was the strong man, Sandow.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0027.txt | included=true | included =====
THE LITTLE SISTERS OF THE POOR. The Little Sisters of the Poor have much pleasure fa baaring their testimony as to the efficacy of Allcock's Porous Plasters. They have seen great benefit derived from them on account of the relief they so quickly give the sufferer. They find them a very soothing remedy for all scrts of pains.— T.M.T. Home for the Aged Poor, Pal kfield-avenue, Birkenhead. The REV. MARK GUY PEARSE says :—" I find them a very breast plate against colds and coughs." Mr. HENRY THORNE (evangerist) says: I have used them for pains in the back and side arising from rheumatic and other causes, always isriving benefit from their application. They are.eesily applied and very comforting." Over twenty millions of Allcock's Plasters have already been sold in Great Britain, the most telling testimony to this great external remedy. Allcock's Plasters stop all aches and pains and sprains and strains, Lumbago, Sciatica, Rheumatism, Ruptures, Bronchitis, Asthma, all affections of the Throat and Lungs, acting directly on the tissues, dilating the pores of the skin, giving instant relief.

ALLCOCK'S PLASTERS are of great efficacy in INDIGESTION if worn over right side of the Pit of the Stomach. ALLCOCK'S—Of a// Chemists, 113

===== 0002601_18940310_art0028.txt | included=true | included =====
BY \ln. IT. WICTITAM.

I gather fc.om a short criticism that recently r-p- -peared in the Examiner, the possibility of my being somewhat misunderstood. If we should admit the right of the poor man to demand relief from •the rich, we should by that admission allow the right of one man to hold the possession of more than it suffices tor his necessities. To use the words bare subsistence" is unfair to the -Socialist,as they repre- sent a state ot things against which he is fighting. Now what are a man's necessities ? I suppose it will benllowed, by even the most thoughtless of individua- lists, shelter, food, and clothing, take a primary position, and that we shall be on common ground if we say that, in degree, all beyond these are luxuries. It is apparent here that in the common acceptance of the term, "a living wage" that the bared shelter, food, and clothing are to be the share of the workman, and that his share of the luxuries of life are to be nil.

At this stage of the discussion of the social question it is idle to draw comparisons between the workmen's condition to-day, and his condition say—in the days when George 111. was King. To do so would be to ac- knowledge at once that civilisation was a failure, and I for one am not prepared to do this. We are moving on- ward, and upward, we must all feel, that the trouble is that our moving is not done as a harmonious whole. Tennyson scored some of us pretty hard when he wrote— __

" lie that roars for liberty, Faster binds a tyrant's power; And the tyrant's cruel glee Forces on the freer hour."

===== 0002601_18940310_art0029.txt | included=true | included =====
Some of us are roaring and pretty loudly for liberty. One of these days we shall be pulled up sharp to find ourselves somewhat like the American people are at the preseut time, blindly asking one another the meaning of this same liberty. A goodly number of us have been " Truthful, trustful looking upward to the practised hustings-liar," we may do so no longer, for we are perceiving that it is only through pure Socialism that true individualism can be gained and so liberty. Hamil- toa wrote years ago ; " Give to a man the right over my subsistence, and he has power over my whole moral being."l thought of this passage the other day while read- ing a Warrington friend's letter in which a description was given me of the drunken orgies the dear old town had gone.through,the past Christmas. Can we wonder at it ? Has not the system under which we live crushed true individualism, and set un an individualism that is false? One part of the community has been put upon the wrong road, and its personality has been absorbed by the other part. What we have left is mere dregs made up of the worst passions that cur natures have absorbed since we threw off the yolk of the middle ages. During the lock- out now happily through with, it remained for one man, the Rev. Stopford A. Brooke to voice the true position of the collier and of labour. He says :—" On the part of the men, self-sacrifice is pre-eminent. Each of them is suffering with a noble endurance for the sake of their whole class, not for his own sake alone. They have given up their money, their goods, their very susten- ance, for the love of one another ; and their women have, under the terrible trial of their starving children, supported the men. The ground of their action, of their refusal to work, is love of one another." ,This has been the whole history of trade-unionism. Self-sacrifice, often by very objectionable ways, but always with a principle founded on love of one another. The world will some day realise what it owes to the steady support of this principle by the workingmen of England. The rev, gentleman goes on to say :—" The maintenance of the idea of competition (every man for himself and the devil take the hindmost) has been of the plainest disad- vantage to the whole ccm infinity of men, and ,unchecked hr other tendencies, would finally, after a successive degradation, destroy mankind." Those who demur to this statement must remember that the Socialists posi- tion is not one of opposition to a healthy competition. , He is on the side of everything that will bring out the ' best in man, and the best in nature, but he sees plainly that a systeal of working the collieries which is based en cempetition and which finds it impossible to pay even a living wage must be rotten and corrupt at the core. Does my critic realize this, and is he prepared to answer it. I say the condition of workingmen has improved. It would be strange if it had not. He and his employer are the outcome of the era of steam, and to each have the words of the poet, as quoted,a fitful application. Labour has fought for freedom to live, for freedom to educate itself, for escape from slavery. Because the conditions of the workman have improved, because he has gained a higher view of life, his needs have increased, these needs will develop, and the more they develop the higher will be his demands. A higher and a nobler life demands more than a living wage. It calls for all that goes to- wards making life decent, to be able to be men, and to secure happiness for women. This principle once ac- cepted will, as Mr. Brooke says "run like a fire into every trade, and especially into those where the workers suffer most from the conditions of their labor." "Com- petition as a basis for the work of a State is played out, and the sooner we find in collectiveism or Socialism a fresh basis, the better for all mankind. In the United States more than in any other country competition is narrowing itself. Individuals are ceasing to compete wtth each other. Bad as the old system was, it is possible that the new era of companies, corners, and syndicates which now obtains may be worse. The small tradesman is being lost in the store that covers a block. Se it is with the small manufacturers—all are being swallowed up in the maw of self. When I quoted, , recently, the golden rule as a porticn of the ethical law running through the New Testament, I was quietly re- ferred to the so-called Pagan writers for the original reading. This is quite true, but will my critic bear with me, if I tell him that it is of far more importance to get the rule accepted than it is to know who originated it. It may be that I have a right to look upon a cabin'd, cribb'd, and confined room in a workhouse as mine by right, because of my having been a taxpayer, and yet, strange to say, I would, if possible, avoid its pleasures. In all the arguments bi oug,ht to bear upon Socialism there is something artificial, and wanting in sincerity. This is to be deplored because the acknowledgment comes to us from the four corners of the earth that " we are all Socialists now." We all recognise with Aristetle that" A free man is one who belongs to himself, and to ' • other,"and we say with Mare, " that you must either :Al& the workpeople, or feed them." Is it possible to fit:d a workman so free that he dares have a personality ea his own ? The present writer has just been discharg- ed from the little employment he had, because he dared speak at an unemployed meeting from a Socialistic point of view. There is to-day such a state of terrorism throughout the industrial world as compels tte thought- ful reading workman to hide his talents. He knows full well if he does not, the employer, and the press will, hound him to death. In all my study of the problem of sociolcgy,l have found not one question raised by the masses but what has been accepted sooner or later by the classes. If we look at it historicaly we find that our more recent lawmakers have been engaged, as Mr. Gladstone himself confessed, in rescinding class made laws to make room for something more human. If history, not that of King's. Queen's and wars, but history that treats of the people's progress during the past century could be taught in our schools our eyes would be opened. We should be brought to see what the struggle between the town and country meant fifty years ago. How it was that out of apparently so innocent a question as the struggle between Protection, and Free Trade arose the Manchester school, which in its turn was the parent of the greatest curse that ever afflicted the people,—the factory system, John Bright as a shining light of this school was only consistent when he insisted upon the right of women, and children to work all hours, day or night. We are only new beginn- ing to see the fearful and direful force that was behind robbing the poor creatures of their "Freedom of con- tract." From the market place issued the cry for education. Some little help it had from above, and now we can read, as I have just read in the" Examiner's" report of a lecture delivered at Runcorn that "crime has fallen something like fifty per cent. during the last half century,and that there were several of her Majesty's gaols on sale at the present ;time, and if things went on in the same way we should not require Kautsford many more years." Should an Ameriean chance to read this he would readily account for it. I shall have further use for this excellent lecture. , If the masses have, through education, become more I honest, can we say the same of these who sit in the high , places? From the days of the Glasgow bank failure down to the recent collapse of the Liberation Society historical research would give us startling evidence that ! if there is any portion of the social organism that would ; be found wanting in any attempt at Socialism it would be found in the Socialists upper circles. In my attentpt to carry the war into the enenties camp I deal with only t published facts. These prove that fact is not only stronger, but stronger than fiction. "Thou shalt not steal" nor, as Carlyle said, "Shalt thou be stolen from" When we recognise that honesty, as a word, conveys the same impression in the office it is forced to assume in the workshop, we shall find that the poor do not need to" demand relief from the rich." Sir James Kitson read the following letter at Pittsburgh Oct. 9. 1890 on the occasion of the visit of the Iron and Steel Institute

of Great Britain to America. His argument was to prove that under a free-trade system the manufacturer could always hope to make higher profits titan under a protective system, because they were independent of the workman's vote. It is a letter written by Sir Henry Bessemer and it will be found in volume 2 (1890) of the transactions of the institute ; on page 309. Some idea may be formed of its importance as a manufacture when I state the simple fact that on the expiration of the four teen years term of partnership of our Sheffield firm the works, which had been greatly increased from time to time entirely ow, of revenue, were sold by private con- tract for exactly twenty-four times the amount of the whole subscribed capital of the firm, notwithstanding that we had divided in profits during the partnership a sum equal to fifty-seven times the gross capital,-so that by the mere commercial working of the process, apart from the patent, each of the firm partners retired after fourteen years from the Sheffield works with eighty-one times his subscribed capital, or an average of nearly cent per cent every two months, a result probably un- precedented in the annals of commerce.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0030.txt | included=true | included =====
ONCE A MISERABLE MAN.

One day last summer I was a passenger on an express train from Liverpool to London. Halfway between two stations something broke down about the engine, and there we stuck and stayed until another engine was fetched to take its place. Then we rattled aleng lively enough, and got in forty minutes late. Some of the passengers growled and grumbled,and said the company ought to build engines that couldn't break down. We were delayed a bit yet nobody suffered on that account. But if the passengers had been vitally connected with the engine, then you know! What do I mean by that? I'll show you in a twink- ling. We get at it this way. We quote from a man who says: " felt that I qras the most miserable man on the face of the earth." What ailed him? Merely something wrong; not with Aim, essentially or in spirit, but with his machinery.

He goes on to say that in October, 1884, he had an attack of rheumatism. This left him weak and below par. He could eat but little, and that little seemed to be of no use to him.

To a sound man there is nothing like a hearty meal It drives away the blues, warms him up, and stands him on his legs every way. But every time our friend here swallowed anything, he paid for it by having Qains in the chest and sides and in the pit of the stomach. On his teeth and tongue a thick slime gathered,and he often vomited a green fluid, nasty and bitter. The secretion from the kidneys passed with pain and heat that amoun- ted to agcny, and was ropy and dark in colour. Something must have been very wrong indeed with the human wheels and levers t 3 make them go as badly as that, don't you think ? Yes; well, it was to be worse before better. On several occasions he passed small gallstones, which tor- ' tured him fearfully. . . .

These stones were created by the union of cert amn bile acids with the alkali of the body, and indigestion was responsible for the whole affair. If the liver hadn't been so sleepy and stupid, the bile acids wouldn'c have remained to do that bit of mischief. Make a note of it for you-self.

By-and-by asthma showed itself. Naturally enough, oh, dear yes! for how should the blood be full of sto- mach poison and the nerves not be half paralysed by it? And asthma is a spasmodic disease of the nerves:; it hasn't anything to do with the substance of the lungs. Don't blunder on this point, no matter what some so- called doctors say.

Some nights Mr. Thomas Kenny (who is the man that went through all this) would have to getout of bed and throw open the windows so as to breathe the fresh air— he was so choked and suffocated.

Here are his very words, or a few of them : "I got so wretched and nervous I could barely lift my food to my mouth. I had a strange trembling sensation all over me, and couldn't bear company or the slightest noise. I feared I should go out of my mind, and the doctors said if a change did not take place they would put me in the asylum." Just try to take that in; to grasp the idea. Great Powers of Mercy! Put a man in a madhouse because he was ill andsthey couldn't cure him! Providence deliver us, if not from disease, at least from such doctors.

"I had given up work, of course," says Mr. Kenny, "and I had partially lost the use of my legs. Several times I fell down in the street and had to be helped home."

===== 0002601_18940310_art0031.txt | included=true | included =====
We must condense the rest of the story. He saw doc- tor after doctor, spent seven weeks in Leeds Infirmary, and was tapped there, fifty-seven ounces of water being taken away from him. At last his friend John McDermott persuaded him tJ try Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. In ten days he was relieved, and by continuing to take it, was presently cured and back at his work. Mr. Kenny is a sawyer by trade, and worked at Mr. Trenams' Saw Mills, Kirkgate, Leeds, for seventeen years.

The full history of this remarkable case is published in a book which will be sent on application. It is also de- clared before Mr. Alf. Cooke, ex-Mayor of Leeds, in legal form, and signed by Thomas Kenny, 47, St. Mary's Street, Leeds. This breakdown of the vital machinery was due to a deep attack of indigestion and dyspepsia, and the cure by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup adds one more to the long record of the triumphs won by that famous and popular medicine. Moral—A man is more than a passenger in his own body; he is closely bound up.with it ; so that when that breaks down he breaks down.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0032.txt | included=true | included =====
OUR LOCAL CHURCHES-WARRINGTON.

OUTSPOKEN REMARKS BY REV. FATHER HENNELLEY.

At St. Mary's Roman Catholic Chapel, Latchford, on Sunday, the Rev. Father Hennellev referred the drunken- ness which prevailed in the neighbourhood, and strongly urged the congregation to avoid intemperance, not only because it was a sin in itself, but on account of the hor- rible sins of impurity which followed in its wake. He called attention to the condition of the inhabitants of a certain yard, nearly all of whom were supposod to be Catholics, and described the scenes which took place there at certain times. On one occasion he was struck by a missile which came through a window of one of the houses during the progress of a row. He had always observed that a man no matter how drunk he was,always showed some sign of respect for the priest, but he would defy any priest to go amongst the drunken women in that yard without being assailed by abominable foul words.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0033.txt | included=true | included =====
"INSPIRATION AND THE BIBLE !"

At Cairo-street Unitarian Chapel on Sunday evening, the Rev. W. B. Drummond preached in his "monthly talks with workingmen," on the subject of' Inspiration and the Bible." Alluding to the correspondence in the " Christian World "on " Is the Bible popular ?" he said he had come to the conclusion that in the sense of being carefully and thoughtfully read by the masses of the Bible was not strictly speaking a popular book. One reason for this was that it Was to a large extent a book set apart from all other books and not treated in the same way. One great cause of doubt as to its ver- bal inspiration was the great progress made in science, from which it was found that the Bible was not correct in its science. Another cause was the application of scientific truth to the study of history, by which it was found tnat many portions of the book w ere historically ' untrue. Its apologists teed in vain to harmonize science and the /Sible. The preacher said the Bible was not one book, but a collection of 66 books extending over many centuries, some of them recording events occurring cen- turies before the time of the writer. They were books recording the religious and national struggles of the Jewish people, And as such showed signs of progrss and development. Even its morality was not infal. Ile for that was progressive. Inspiration was not the ono- polv of the Bible, and was not closed with the book of Revelation. God was still influencing men, drawing them on to higher thoughts and nobler purposes.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0034.txt | included=true | included =====
THE P.S.A. AT WYCLIFFE CHURCH.

This P.S.A. society celebrated its first anniversary on Sunday afternoon. The Rev. J. Yong,,e presided, and gave a review of the first year's working of the society. He stated that during the twelve months 1152 persons joined the brotherhood. During the first half-year 392 prizes and 80 certificates were awarded, and during the past half year 600 had earned prizes. 51 persons had signed the temperance pledge, and the benevolent fund had amounted to £3B 6s. 5d., which had enabled them to assist in 181 eases. Nearly 1100 visits had been paid by the Visiting Commitiee. There had been 36 sick cases and six deaths,one so recently as the previous day when a young man named Arthur Legge passed away. 42 members joined the Ambulance class, 19 of whom sat for examination, and all passed. He hoped there would be no striking off of names for their second year of the P.S.A., and he wanted the old members to become recruiting officers. If they went on as they had done they would become a moral power in the town.—Alder- man Peach of Stafford, said he was very pleased to be there that day in helping them to celebrate their first anniversary. It was very gratifying to him to seo such a large number of men present. He then delivered a striking address on " Personal Influence" and was fre- quently applauded. Mr. R. H. Pearson contributed a violinlsolo, and Mrs. Pearson sang as a solo," Jerusa-

low,'— "Brief life isjiere eaur portion," i',measur't time an' slow. •

Aw cudn't tell wot ail'd um, but they look'd a guilty

crew, Aw th' Earlestown portion favver't i a divil ov a stew ; nay seem'd to my poor yed-piece, thay'd aw bin eytin'

rue, Ez if ther wuz a summat that thay wantet to undo ! To denlare the buildin' oppen, the Cheermon hed begun, But tibfoor he'd fairly spokken, he felt hisser undone ; His mateys too, wur tremblin,' thay thowt ther days

wuz spun, An ther legs wur loCkI together—they cudn't cut an run.

It met ha' bin a earthquake that wur haverin' abeaut— Fer th' floor an' ceilin dither't, an' tb' gasleets aw went

eaut ; Wen in staik'd th' Prince o' Darkness, wi a gruff an' mighty sheaut, "Lock aw them dors, an' don't let one Commissioner ereawt 1"

"To hey a plain square reckonin is my exact intcnt-- Aw want to see, i' black an' white,wheer aw that money went; Five theausand wuz the figger that wuz mention'd by

one gent ; But befoor it's fairly finished ,tcn theausand ull be spent! Besides,wot reet ez Nyowton to be payin' fer that Ball— That pile o' bricks an mortar that they didn't want at all ; But aw see yo want a lesson yore lost senses to recall, So awl( march yo to my kingdom,to th' " Funeral March o' Saul 1"

If acv live another century, aw'll ne'er forget that seet ! Theer stood "Auld Nick in shape o' beast," an' dragg'd

. urn to ther feet; Ther :aces aw secm'd whitewash'd, an' ther clooas ring-

. _ in' weet, Wile the fumes o' brunnin' brimstone welly darken% aw tiler leet !

The seet e' Satan's features, an' his goggles aw a-gleam, Wuz summut moor than awful, an' aw woke up wi a scream ! Wile cowd swats run aw o'er me like a North Polo freezin' stream, But aw geet up feelin' thankful it wur nothin' but a dream! Rose Bonk, 7,3, '94.

TU M O'PEG S.

CONSUMPTION,

BRONCHITIS AND ASTIIMA

I will demonstrate to the whole world, and to suff -zrers from these unfortunate Maladies, how they can be perman- ently cured, by an entirely New Method of Treatment, with- out the chance of failure. Write with full confidence to Mr. WlLLiams, 11, Burwood Place, Norfolk Ore? - ant, London. He will send you full particulars free of all charge.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0035.txt | included=true | included =====
lem." Mr. W. H. Paytm presided at the organ. The meeting was also taken part in by Mr. Edwin Walling- ton and Mr. W. Hickman..

In the lower vestry of the church on Saturday evening the distribution of certificates to the members of the St. Jol,n Ambulance class took place. The Rev. J. Yonge presided. An interesting feature of the proceedings was the presentation by the members,of a smokers' com- panion to Dr. Braide, who has conducted the class, and also the presentation of a copper kettle to the secretary of the class, Mr. Buckley. The Rev. J. Yorige made the presentations. Dr. Braide in thanking the members for the gift said it was desirable that workingmen should know how to render first aid to the injured. M. Buck- ley also expressed his thanks. Mr. Malkin and Mr. Mills also spoke. BOLD-STREET WESLEYAN CHAPEL.

- - The borne missionary anniversary services were held at Bold-street Wesleyan Chapel, on Sunday, when the pulpit was occupied in the morning by the Rev. Owen Watkins, and in the evening by the Rev. G. D. Mason. On Wednesday evening, a public meeting was held in the chapel when the chair was occupied by Councillor A. Bennett, and the Rev. Charles Garrett, of Liverpool, attended as a deputation. There were also on the plat- form, the Revs. J. Kirtlan, Owen Watkins, G. D. Mason, and J. G. Bennett. There was an excellent audience. After singing and prayer. the Rev. Owen Watkins read the annual report. He said that the income of the society during the past year had been £35,092 15s. 91., and the expenditure £34,554 95.. which after meeting an adverse balance of some £470 from the preceding year, left a balance of 67 9s. 4d. Towards this the Warrington circuit had contributed £7O us. 3d. The Chairman after apologising for the absence of his father, Mr. Wm. Bennett, who had not recovered from his recent illness, said that he was pleased to be present at that meeting. It was the first time that he had ever presided over a similar meeting at Bold-street. He had great sympathy with the movement as he believed it to be the work of a true Christian. He thought they ought to be ashamed (if themselves professing Christianity,and yet tolerate such deplorable spectacles as could be wit- nessed in their large towns. He was proud to think that they as Wesleyans were doing so much to benefit the heathen, both at home and abroad. Although he was not a very strong believer in making people good by Act of Parliament-, still,;he thought, that by well-considered legislation they might do much to take temptation out of the way of the people, and both parties might join in the work.

Miss Lawton next sang" It is well with my soul "the choir joining in the chorus. The Rev. Charles Garrett said that he was delighted to see Mr. Bennett in the chair, and also that he was in the Town Council. They wished to regenerate tite ToWn Council, and if they could regenerate the Town Council they would soon regenerate the town. They wanted in the Town Council and in the House of Commons men who would vote as they prayed. Mr. Garrett then pro- ceeded to give an account of his mission work in Liver- pool,and also of the overthrow of the drink party in that •city, showing the marvellous results which had followed in the wake of the victory of the temperance party. The Rev. J. G. Bennett followed with an interesting account of his work in various parts of England as a connextional evangelist. At the close of the meeting a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the chairman and the Rev. Charles Gar- rett and J. G. Bennett, on the proposition of the Rev. Owen Watkins.

THE OPPENIN' 0' EA.RLESTOWN PUBLIC

HALL!

A DREAM!

One neet aw waute,l into bed, an' turn'd mi face to th' wall, An' drem't abeaut the oppenin' o' Earlestown Public Hall ; The very curus incidents aw'll faithfully recall, On one condition—that yo mind its but a dream—that's all.

Aw thowt aw seed that Buildin' i' a sad unfinished state, The brass lied aw bin squander't, so the fittin's hed ta

wait; Wile folk that lived areaund it wur mournin' o'er ther fate— Thay cudn't see its glory, till thay'd;fund a extry rate. The windows wur aw darken'd, an' the flig, wuz haul mast high, A portrait o' thi cheermon wuz hangin' aw awry: Ther's no acceauntin' for it, but aw fancied aw cud spy, A wackerin' ith gullet, an' a tear i' aither eye !

The tables, cheers, an' carpets wur huddlet i' a rook. Spittoons an' empty bottles geet pack'd ey'ry nook, Ther wern't a thing abeaut it but bed a ugly look, Espeghully the chimbleys, fer thay did nowt else but smook.

Then aw at once the doors were bantin' to are fro,' Th' Commissioners wur comin,' Wl' ther faces full o'

woe; Wile Carlin's barrel orgin wur grindin—' sweet and

===== 0002601_18940310_art0036.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON BOARD uF GUARDIANS.

The fortnightly meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians was held at the Workhouse on Wednesday. There were present :—Messrs. G. Ratcliffe (in the chair), W. Houghton (junior vice- chairman), Muir, Pilling, Dotson, A. J. Jolley, A. Jolley, Hill, Aukland, Shaw, Longton, Dignum, Fairclough, Tartan, R. Owen, junior, the Rev. G. F. Roberts, and Messrs. J. C. Sutton (clerk), S. Sutton (deputy clerk), C. H. Ward (master), and H. M. Mines (superintendent of the schools).

===== 0002601_18940310_art0037.txt | included=true | included =====
PADGATFI SCHOOLS RETURNS.

Mr. Loncrro-ii-iaid that some time ago Mr. Alfred Jolley Asked for a return of the expenditure on the Pad. gate Schools. He wished to know when that return would be submitted. He noticed that day that there was an item of £B4 ss. 6d. in connection with the same schools.—The CLERK said that the return would be sub- mitted along with that for the Workhouse at the next meeting of the Board when the report of the estimates would be submitted.—Mr. LONGTON expressed himseif satisfied.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0038.txt | included=true | included =====
OUTSTANDING CALLS.

The CLIMB said that there was still one call whi-h had not been sent in by the Townships of Penketh, Win. wick, and Rixton. He must press tor payment as they would encounter some difficulty in getting through the half year without the assistance of the outstanding calls. It was competent to call upon parishes at any time. Of course they could meet the difficulty by de ferring payments, but he wished the overseers to under stand that a very early call would be required in the next half year, otherwise the Union would he without- funds. They could as a Board insist upon special rate if necessary.—The CHAIRMAN said that those townships in arrears ought to be called upon to pay promptly. It was unfair to the townships which had paid, for others to be in arrears.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0039.txt | included=true | included =====
INSURANCE OF UNION BUILDINGS.

Mr. SHAW said that some time ago he had suggested that the insurance of the Union buildings should be done through one of their own officials, so that the Union might derive the benefit of the 15 per cent. which the agent generally received. He therefore proposed that their Clerk be asked to write and apply for the appoint- ment, and that he carry on the work. The Warrington Corporation insured their property through the borough treasurer, and he had been offered terms on those coed:-

The Clerk stated that he had received the following letters with respect to the proposed closing of Bruns- wick and Granville-rt. schools. Mr. Simpson wrote to the Chairman of the Board on the 17th February as fol- lows .—" I beg to state that the managers cif toe Wes- leyan Day Schools have now definitely decided to close the schools,or to transfer them to the School Board after the next annual inspection in July. I am writing to the Education Department, informing them of this deci- sion." On March sth, Mr. Simpson wrote again : —" I beg to enclose papers I have received from the Education Department, relating to the transfer of the Wesleyan Day Schools to the Board. I have kept a duplicate set of the documents.' Mr. J. W. J. Stephenson, of the Education Department, in a letter dated 28th Feuruary, said : "I am directed to enclose for your consideration the papers usually sup- plied by this Department, when it is proposed to trans- fer a EL:II(NA to a School Board under section 23 cf the Elementary Education Act, 1870. These documents, to- gether with the present letter, slionld be placed in the hands of the Clerk to the School Board. If the Board and the parties concerned desire to effect a transfer of the school in question under section 23, the clerk to the Board should comply with the instructions contained in the " 2 T."—The Clerk reinarked that the papers en- closed in the letter from the Educational Department were necessary forms to be filled up if the transfer was decided upon. He fur ther explained that clause 23 pro- vided for tue traneter from managers of voluntary schools to the Board School in cases where the premises were held in trust for educational purposes.—The Chair- man said they were scarcely in a position to deal with the question at that juncture. He express et his regret that the managers of the IVesleyan schools :MOST have come to such adetermination,and should have resolv- ed to discontinue the educational work which they had so successfully conducted for many years. The obligation was thrown upon them by the closing ef the schools ot providing instruction for about 700 children, arid thus the responsibility of the members would be in that de- gree increased. They had no information before them as to the tenancy of the school whether thay were priv- ate institutions or in trust for educational purposes. If they were the former he understood they would be able to rent them on terms agreed upon, but if they were in trust it would be necessary to get the sanction of the educational department for their transfer. This being the case consideratle time would elapse before the Board would be a position to make final arrangements for the transfer of the schools. They were within three or four months of the closing of the school year, and there- fore he thought it would be necessary for them to make some provision for the continuation of the work, and to arrange for the temporary transfer of the schools to the Board. Before they could go further it would be wise to ascertain all the inormation they possibly could as to the terms upon which the school' could be rented to the Board. He moved that the Clerk write to the managers to obtain those particulars as well as to the conditions under which the institutions would be transferred to them.— Dr. McDougall in seconding the motion said lie thought it would be wise to discuss the subject in camera. It would be best if the clerk acknowledged the receipt of Mr. Simpson's letter and invited a reply as to the terms upon a hich tke managers were prepared to rent the schools to the Board for a fixed period. The question of the future policy of the Board might be discussed here- after. When they received the information the subject could be thoroughly gone into by the Board in commit- tee, and ultimately they could formulate a scheme for the future.—The Chairman said it would be necessary to discuss a number of details and these could be best done in committee. Mr. Handley coincided with the expressions of opinion as to the subject being discussed in camera. He could not see but that they would be obliged to temporarily rent the schools. In the meantime the members could look round and consider the question of transfer.— After a somewhat lengthy discussion, it was unani- mously resolved that the Clerk write to Mr. Simpson to ascertain all possible information as to temporary rental as well as permanent transfer. On receipt of the parti- ctlars in question he was desired to communicate with the members of the Beard, so that in committee the whole question might be discussed.—This terminated the business.

THE BEST NIGHTCAP. —Have your sheets washed with Hudson's Soap, and they will always be sweet as roses, fresh as sea breezes. There will be none of the disagreeable smell, so objectionable mother soaps. —A. pure Dry Soap is fine powder.—A &rt. (2).

One of the Queen's earliest etchings was that of her first baby.

The Czar is much thinner and very pale. A BOON TO MANKIND!

Sufferers from Gravel, Lumb-To. Piles, Pains in the Back, Dropsy, Wind and Water Complaints, Diseases of Kidneys, Bladder, Urinary Organs, Stone, Gleet, Stric ture, ficiatics, Rheumatism, and Gout, will find a positive cure in lloldroyd's Gravel Pills. Try a small box, met If not satisfied your money will be returned. Pries Is Of all (Inert-lists, or post free for 12 stamps from HOLD- morn's Medical Hall, Cleckheaton, Yorks. Don't be put off If oi eannet gat them write to the Proprietor, and al, will be euut mtext

===== 0002601_18940310_art0040.txt | included=true | included =====
M. S. A. ALLEN'S

WORLD'S

RESTORER.

Restores the youthful colour.

An absolutely perfect Hair II Restorer and Dressing, justly celebrated for its wonderful life-giving properties to faded or falling hair,

===== 0002601_18940310_art0041.txt | included=true | included =====
tions by several societies,—The CHAIRMAN : The b?nefits derived would go to the rates, I suppose ?—Mr. SHAW : Yes.—The CLERK suggested that the matter he left as it was, at least until there might be some chancze in the local agency. He might state that the Warrington Corporation insured their property through the agency of the borough treasurer, because of the fact that the hospital which was burned . down was not insured. In the case of the Union property there was nothing of that character to fear, as he had insured all their property, and the premiums were paid up promptly. Be.si.tes,this question of doing away with the loeal agent Wl; doing, away with the middleman, as it were, and the same" principle sould apply to all goods purchas-d by [hie,/ Union from agents and local representatives; they could apply to the head branch, and so save the commission./ He did not think that was a wise course for them to; adopt, and he did not think that they, as a Board of - Guardians, should do anything of a like charac-1 ter, where they would interfere with tise'i private income of a ratepayer. (Hear, hear.)—Mr. TON said that he thought there was a technical difficulty' in the way of Mr. Shaw's scheme being carried out. He believed that it was a law among the societies that no person employed by those interested in property was allowed to take up the agency for the insurance of such property.—The CHAIRMAN : I may say that we adopted the method in relation to the Earlestown Public Hall,and we are no better off than if we did it through a local agent as we have to pay 2s. 6i. on the £loo.—Mr. SUAW said that so far as Mr. Loogton's remarks were concerned he could assure them that there was no technical obstaclo in the way of his scheme. It was a method which the societies encouraged. So far as the Chairlnan's remarks about Earlestown Town Hall went he could assure him that while Elrlestown paid 23. 6d. on the £loo,Warrinz- ton Corporation had their best property insured at Is.9d and is. 6d. on the £loo.—Mr. Wm. HOUGHTON th%ught that since they had fitted up in the Padg,ate schools new appliances against the outbretk of fire, they ought to apply to the local insurance agent for a reduction with the amount they paid.—After some farther discussion it was agreed to approach the local agent for a reduction.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0042.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN SCHOOL BOARD.

On Tuesday evening the monthly meeting of the Runcorn School Board took place in the Town Hall, Runcorn, Mr. Pritchard occupying the chair. There were also present :—Dr. McDougall,Canon A. Mait- land Wood, and Messrs. E. Imison, S. Taylor, T. Handley, and George Moss, (clerk.)

===== 0002601_18940310_art0043.txt | included=true | included =====
SCHOOL ATTENDANCE COMMITTEE.

The Clerk read the minutes of this Committee meet- ing on the 13th February, frem which it appeared that out of 37 parents summoned 34 attended. It was resolved that proceedings should be taken against 13 parents. At the meeting of the Committee on the 27th Feb., 30 parents appeared out of 33 summoned. Pro- ceedings were decided to be taken against eight persons. It was recommended that Mr. J. Yates tender, to make visitors uniforms for I:2 10s. 6d. be accepted. The at- tendance returns for February showed children on the rolls 3,559, against 3,751 in February last; the falling off of 192 being attributed to families having left the town. The average attendance was 2,982, against 3,029 ; a de- crease of only 67, the attendance having been more regu- lar than in February last year. The percentage was 832 against 807. The minutes were adopted on the motioq of Mr. Handley.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0044.txt | included=true | included =====
PROPOSED CLOSING OF WESLEYAN SCHOOLS.

r

===== 0002601_18940310_art0045.txt | included=true | included =====
Zig " Cramintr " trttt

OW LANOAS HIRE AND CRESIIIIEF. C'.)UNTIr NIWBPaPE Compriarz THE Warrington and Mid-Clteshiro Examiner, pub- lished every Saturday morning. Tit Earlestoton and Newtoo Examiner. publiBhed every Friday afternoon. TE Helens Examiner, published every Friday afternoon. THE Runcorn Examiner, published every Saturday morning ; and THE Widnes Examiner, published every Saturday mornimr.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0046.txt | included=true | included =====
PREPAID . ADVERTISEMENTS.

Coming under the following heads Are inserted in ALL the above-mentioned Papers for ONE CHARGE, as per scale given below. SITUATIONS WANTED, APARTMENTS TO BE LET, SITUATIONS VACANT, PA RTINERSHIPS WANTED, APARTMENTS WANTED, MONEY WANTED, iSPECIFIC ARTICLES FOR SALE BY PRIVATE CONTRACT.

MISCELLANEOUS WANTS, HOUSES AND OTHER PREMISES TO BE LET OR SOLD. One Three Six Words Week. Weeks. Weeks. 18 27 36 45 54 The above charges are for PREPAYMENT only. No Adver- tisement inserted on credit under 2.5. per insertion.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0047.txt | included=true | included =====
Momtatr Otrbants,

ItEGISTRY Office for Servants.—Mr. W. T. CLEmisaoN, 78, Fiehien street. Blackburn.

GENERAL Servant, good. Wanted.—Apply Chat Moss Hotel, Glazebury, near Manchester.

T ADIE., can have good NURSES also GENERALS, by li wring to Miss BEDFORD, 35, Pr ncess-s*. Normanton.

WANTED. for small eompany house. good GENERAL SERVANT: able to wash.-23, Tulke.h-street, South- port.

NVANTED, a resprctable person, as GENERAL, must plain coo:c.—Apply by letter,Mrs. MOOR, 8, Bevill-st., Southport.

HEAD-NURSE WANTED.—Experienced. clean. Wages P.2o.—Mrs. FLETCHER, Tarleton Rectory, Preston, Lancashire.

WANTED, Cooks, Housemai.is, and Generals. with good references.—Apply ts3trra's Registry-, Crow Nest, Bing ley, Yorks.

'WANTED. good GENERAL SERVANT, four In family. VT —Apply Mrs. WILKINSON, Moorland View, Ben Rhydoing.

DAIRYMAID WANTED, for a Nobleman's family. make good butter, bake, &c., £2O. Mr. HAYCOCK, 26, Chester- at., Wrexham.

WANTED. a good GENERAL SERVANT competent to do washh.g.—Apply 29, Longford Place, Victoria Park, Manchester.

COOKS, General 3, Honsemai.is, Waitresses (gon0), wanted at OTlCe.—Mri. B. TAYLOR'S REGISTRY, 156, High-street, 131shton, near Dkekburn.

WANTED immediately, good GENERAL. able to wash and Cook. state age, wages, and address.—Little Ousel:nrn Vie,rage, York.

LAUNDRYMAID (experienced) for good family, near slirewsbury £23; ve-.7 good pace.—Mrs. HAYCOCK, 26, Ch,ster-st . Wrex:am.

BATIMAID (tall. experienced) Requires Re-engagement. Highest references. Address, MISS JACKSON, Wine and Spirit Vaults, Brcmyard.

WANTED, good GENERAL SERVANT.—AppIy stating w,:ges and refer nces. Mrs. REYNOLD, 86, lla.rroll- terrace; Swinton. Manchester.

WANTED Sir L,A.TION as fittOONl, under a Coachman preferred ;aged 18: excellent character.—Wm. LOTICK, Riddlet.worth Stud, Thetford.

WANTED. nt once five good OHNERALS, two COOKS. Servints wanting situations apply Mrs. EVANS, ltvcroft, Astit,n-under-Lyne.

JADIES requiring S. rvants immediately. or servants 1.1 situatlons.—Apply Miss SEWART, Registry Office. 1101 db-road. Lancaster. (Stamp for reply).

Q I TUAT lONS WANTED, Es General Servants for 20 conutiy girls. Ladies suited everywhere. Write for testimonials.—Mr. COSTER, Registry, Gi,,ueester.

CI WIRRAL SERVANT WANTED. in .small family near kJ Oldham; pl in cooking and washing; £l6.—Apply M.. MANDEu, Gfenbank, Wolverhamoton.

WTANTED SITUATION as GROOM, or Gro,.an-Coachroan; single. atm 20, glod character.—W. UMMINI, Ast,n Zornerville, Broadway. Worcestershire. ,

-iv ANTED SITUATION ns WAIT ÜBSS, good experience V V in c•,rnmerciat or coffee-room ; three ears' reference. .—Address Vincent-st., Bolton. .

tCOOKS. Housemaids, 6(4-lends. alwa3s wanted for good familles for Yorkshire and Laneashire.—WviDEß:B .RVAITSTRY OrFICE, Ingleton, Kirkby, Lonsdale.

YORKSBIRB lIRGISTRY.--Grooms, Housemaids. and • Generals requiring situations —For good SBIYABIS apply BEDFORD'S Registry, 4, Bower-st., Bradford.

WANTED SITUATION as GROOM-COACHMAN, ride well, drive single or 'air, pod references, married when suited.—J. BAXTER, Burgh-on-Bain. Lincoln.

mrss HUDSON'S High Class REGISTRY.—Superior an. servants promptiy suitei ; Genera's and Plain Cooks Wanted immediately.-19. Irlam-street. Warrington.

AV-ANTED, a SITUATION, bv single young man age 23. • V V as groorneoacliman,singlehand d driver. 21 years good references.—A. J., Halstead-street, Cheetbam Hill. Man- °heater.

WANTED SITUATION as plain COOK, in a small Y V 'family where parlourmaid or boy is I.ept. Age 23. ,wages £2O. L. SALT. Tutbury-rd., Horninglow. Burton-en- Treat.

"UNERGETIC CANVASSER required, far Wsrrington and Li suburbs. Special terms will be off eed to rellable man. A. and G. Tart. .R, photographers.—Apply, 155, Winwick- rd., Warrington.

C;001i and HOUSEMAID WANTED. GENERALS may suit .or n -Mower, gentleman and daughter £l6 to £2O, excellent situation, no w4shing.—"drs. PIPE, 50. Edgware - rd„ H 3 (le Park, London.

WANTED, Situation as LADIES' MA ID or Held Nurse (sui.erior),higheat references from England and fibroid, Age 28 years.—Address "A.. H." c.o. Mr. C. HARRISON, Nueen-st., Cheadle, Staffs.

ANTED GENERAL SERVANT, for 17th March, family TV of three, nurse kept, good plain cook, washer and ironer, age about 25, wages £l6 to £lS.—Addreas, MC NAUGHT. Waterfoot, near Manchester.

Iv. ANTED, for Harrognt., several geed GENERALS: two experienced COORS. small families; two good HOUSEMAIDS ; wages from £l2 to £RO —PULLAN'S Ser- vants' Registry, 18 and 20, Albert-st., Harrogate.

A Respectable middle-aged WIDOW, with daughter aged /1 23, is desirous to meet with situation as HOUSE- KEEPER. good plain cook and servant, to go tog.ther. or to manage any place of trust; has been wed to business; abstainers, good references.—Address. Mrs. LEISH, 238, Entwilde-road, Rochdale.

mTANTBD, for the middle or end of April, superior COOK and HOTISSMAID, friends or sisters not ( bjected to. -Good personal characters indispensable. Cook. gold plain, good ironer, and obliging, age 30 to 35, wages £L7. House- `maid experienced. able to wait at table, ironer, age 20 to 25. wages £l6, nurse kept.—Apply by letter to Mrs. FOULKES, ftramyard, near Worcester.

tLii.nna 1014MALB NURSES iNtiTITIJTION, 70, I Hope-et., Liverpool. Estab. 1878.—For reliable Attendants. Mental, Medical. and Monthly Nurses, Massage, ipply or telegraph, " Nurses." Liveraool. Telephone, 67C.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0048.txt | included=true | included =====
arnrss, orsts, earts, 13°01

SORE SHOULDERS CURED BY CONDY'S FLUID.

-Veterinary book free. horses suffering from sore shoulders, sore backs, cracked heels, grease, or broken knees, cured in few hours by bathing the parts affected with diluted Condy's Fluid. Prices, 8 oz.. is.; 20 oz, 2s.—Veterinary book free from Cosiar's FLUID Wougs, 61, Turnmilf-street, :London.

IT " CEOAL tirtrlLDl SIMMONS

8, SLATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL. High class CARRIAGES at Moderate Prices. Good Stock to select from. Estimates for Repairs given free. The heat work only. Seve.ral Good Second-Hand Broughams, Landaus. Vietories, Wagonettes. and Pluctons. now for Sale or Hire.

COWS.—On Sale, two excellent, calving COWS.—Apply J. ASTON, grocer. Overton. Frodsham.

ACOW.-A good ROAN, in calf. second calf. due 27th inst.— Art?ly dims., GREEN, Moss Brow, Warburton, near Lymm. .

200 LURRIBS, butchers' cuts, vans, floats, box cgrts, co HX al waggons. ladders.—W. M. JO-or, 11, Liver- pool-road. Manchester.

USEFUL LUERY. also Farm Cart with thrippers, two Shandrles, one Brougham, one Pony Gig.—SPANN, Friars Green. Warrington.

V HORNBY has two very goad COBS to Sell. 13f hands. • s four and Ave sears old. sound and good drivers; also. "Black Pony, £23.-136, Oxford-street. Manchester.

IDOLEASURE CARRIAGES and BUSINESS VEHICLES, J. of every description, made to order, on most reasonable terms. Drawings and e,,timates free. All new work war- ranted 12 tnoutlis.—GlLßEßT klaos., 54, Macdonald-street, Birmingti rm.

HORSES ! HORSES t! HORSES !!! All colours, sizes, and prices,—To Tradesmen and others,—To save money, and time and avoi 1 the well-known risks of fairs and sue- tiGns and getting a worthless and useless horse for.% our busi- ness, your cannot possib:y do better than go to W. PARKER W 0 OD,S TO 16; AINSWORTH-STRE ET COPPERAS-HILL, LIVERPOOL, where you can have one on hire or trial, with a View to purchase, Hirers for long or short periods liberally dealt with. Fresh arrivals weekly of young and useful hors.?s zobs, nod poni-s. suitable for all jeurposes. Horses bnught e.Yebanged,—.Note Lie; e4ti.irsa,

Vouttrp, &r.

H 0 MD A N EGGS, large birds, nnttsivc crests, poets' bred, ss. per doz. G. SMITH, li*sterfield-rd., Stsveley, Derbyshire.

A GENTS WANTED to push first-Mass Machinery Oils, lA. Liberal Commission.—Box 22, Post Office, Liverpool.

FOriEIGN POSTAGE STAMPS.—OId colleltion wanted. or old st,imped envelopes.—J. LascELLEs,,Machynlleth, Montgomeryddre.

PER WEEK offered, either sox for spare hours, 10S. Enclose etamp forreply if atiecessful.—Crioss.volm. Pal kg:Ate, Rotherham.

WORTHINGTON'S BURTON ALBS AND STOUTS. FINDLATBR'S DUBLIN INVALID AND OTHER STOUTS. GUINNESS'S DUBLIN STOUT IN CUR OR BOTTLE. .

FINDLATER'S STOUTS may now be ha:a in 43/4 gallon casks. WHEATLEY'S HOP BITTERS In bottles only. J. M. BEACON. • BREWER'S AGENT AND BOTTLER, Li. Sr. JAMES-ST. WARRINGTON.

MESMERISM. Hpw to Mesmerise.. Send four stamps. —ALBERT WinGiNs, London-rod, Southend.

e 1 IiIFFITH'S eTINGTII PlLLS•eure Nerwriminess. Debit- ity. never fail, 2s. 6cl. a box. Gatr-rrnr, Chemist, Leamington.

‘EXAMDTER " STEAM PRINTING WORKS

BEWSBY STREBT, WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_18940310_art0049.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
OtP:

===== 0002601_18940310_art0050.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
ERIE

===== 0002601_18940310_art0051.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
"

===== 0002601_18940310_art0052.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAAIINEIZ. SATUItDAY MARCH 10. 1894.

Prinatt

===== 0002601_18940310_art0053.txt | included=true | included =====
ON SALE, a number of four roomed COTTAGES..—AppIy 166, Langfori-Et„ Warrington.

_ILL kinds of WOOD-WORKING MACHINES, over 50 in stock.— GREENWOOD, 48. Molesworth-st., Rochdale.

ROC HE'S HERBAL EMBROCATION. HoopING COUGH The celebrated effectuol "TOOLING COUG cure without internal wediclne.

"ET OOPING COUGH , LI Of all Chemist% price ILTOOPING COUGhT 4s. per bottle. Sole Wholesale A LpitsQ: W. E!? w APDs SON, BRONC ITIS Lsondon. 'en yI et ot:ia Street, "IROUP . ROC'S H ERB AL EMBROCATION.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0054.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0055.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
v.111.40.'

===== 0002601_18940310_art0056.txt | included=true | included =====
Low FST

LOWEST

CHEAP COAL. BANK QUAY COAL DEPOT T. HALTON & CO., COAL MERCHANTS, FACTORY LATE COAL YARD, applicarn I WARRINGTON. applicat'n NOTE.—IVINTER PRICES. II4.7.IIRPTATE DELIVERY

I POSSIBLE

PRIOF.9

POSSIBLE

PRICES

on

===== 0002601_18940310_art0057.txt | included=true | included =====
By ifesorm. ABTINGSTALL # HIND.

DEWSEY,--No. 19. Hoyle-st,eapital house, rent ss. Ney no 27. and T. Mouta, 39. Prluaeae-ali., Manchester;

===== 0002601_18940310_art0058.txt | included=true | included =====
GEDDES'S DANDELION C OFF EE

The best and cheapest ever offered to tho Bold by all Grocers and Druggists, in Canister 6d., 10d., and Is. 8d each. Whotaale !,v J. GEDDE3 Box, Warrinkton.

, DR. J COLLIS BROWN t' CHLORDDYNE •

- THH ORIGINAL AND ONLY GENIY2a. n 011LOROMNE is admitted by the Prafeso°",os- kj be the most wonderful and valuable renlaily, eVe‘' °overeat. nlot 01±LORODYNE is the best remedy. :OW'''. Coug-ha, Consumption, Bronchitis, and .Agt,bll3A,* 8,00 piILORODYNE effectually checks- and So** thoBo too often fatal diseases.—.Diptheritip OW' ' Ague. CeB' 01ILORODYNE acts like a charm, in Ditarb C 1101) and is the only specific in Cholera am) pyratrk;,kelts OBLORODYNE effectually cuts short all ev— N,_) of Epilepsy, Hysteria, Palpitation, and SPenis;teurgil' CEIL.ORODYNE is the only palliative in faivgitio. gilt, Rheumatism, Gout, Cancer, Toed:itch,, 101` 34,

Prom Dr. B. J. BOULTON & Co., Horncastte• our We have made pretty extensive use -2f. ChlorockY" sedv pntotitee lately, and look upon it as an, excellent. directirrita- tiva and Anti-spasmodic. It seems to allay palmand tion in whatever organ, and fronn whatever: et3t,rbie Induces a feeling of comfort and quietude not obSin-cadvATl.:, any other remedy. and it seems to possess thio.gregn-1098,-- age over all other Sedatives; that) it leaves no, toir atter effects. . " Earl Russell communicated telbe Coll€ge. of rllgitierit9t that he received a, despatch from her Mejoaa Manilla, to the effect that Cho/era lotaheoliragingo/0011" and that the O,ZLY remedy of any servlPe W - DYNB."—See Lancet . Ist December, 1.30. n ofiT- CAUTIOZT.—BEWARE OF PIRACX AN'm . ATIONS, I tI3A CA.wrrox.—Vice Chancellor Sir INT:. l'AcM Woov, otor Dr. J. CaLIS BROWNIR. was. undoubtedly, the In7n-t roc: OHLORODYNF, " and that the story of the defenda iaact 6d. NIS'S been na t ,swwaosdeloib._erastceim deliberately untrue lrueith4,,iy. whichhleBagretted P" is Sold in bettleo at is. .aa. 9d., and 45. genuine without the word; "DR. J. COLLIS rve';whelna' CHLORODYNE " on the Government Stamp. ing Medical testimony accompanies earth battle. areat SOLE M.A.NUFAOTUREES.—J. T. DAVENPORT. Russell st., Bloomsbury. London.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0059.txt | included=true | included =====
The political THE great event in the world of . Situation. politics about which there was so much 'l..eliminary talk last week is now an accomplished fact. Mr. GLADSTONE has res_ igned his position as Prime Minister and as leaut_T of the Liberal Party, and he has been sue-

===== 0002601_18940310_art0060.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
-

===== 0002601_18940310_art0061.txt | included=true | included =====
• ceeded by Lord ROSEBEE.Y. The full significance of this momentous change is not yet realised, and its results can not be predicted with anything like certainty. The greatest of English Parliamen- tarians and the greatest reforming statesman of this century disappears from a stage on which he has figured for sixty years, and during a consider- able part of that period as by far the chief actor* It is, in some respects, a pathetic incident, and there are multitudes of Englishmen who regret that it has taken place, though in the very nature of things Mr.. GLADSTO.NE'S retirement from the strenuous public life that he has led could not have been long deferred. For the Liberal party and the cause they represent, the event is of the' deepest import. It is true, as the National Liberal Federation says in its manifesto, that "principles do not perish with persons, that how- ever great the worker, the work is greater, and that the cause remains though the leader is changed"; but at the same time it would be fatu- ous to overlook how much depends upon the tact land capacity of a leader in the practical working lof our party system. Of Lord ROSEBERY there is yet something to be learned. In describing him •as a "peer in a poke," Mr. LesoucHsste only once . again shows that he is fonder of an epigram than ,of a plain and accurate statement of the case. At I the same time it must be admitted that during the last two or three years Lord ROSEBERY has been I the most reticent of our statesmen. 'What he has said, however, all goes to show that in . naming him as his successor Mr. GLADSTONE has made the wisest selection he could have made It may be said that the future of I the Liberal Party is, above all else, bound up I with the cause of social reform, and in this res- pect Lord ROSEBERY has a very promising record. He has as chairman for some time and later en as a private member, taken a prominent part in the work of . that most progressive of all our local governing bodies, the London County Council,and his influence has always been used in the further- ance of an enlightened policy in municipal affairs.. There is every reason to believe that he will catry the same spirit and method into national affairs. . That he understands and sympathises with the demands of the democracy is attested by a speech which he delivered in May, 1892, in Edinburgh. Referring upon' that occasion to the great Liberal measures which have been forced to the front by the millions who were enfranchised in 1884 and 1885, he used some significant language. "These now constituents," he said, " have been formula- lating these new wishes and these new demands, and they say to you now, in accents which you cannot mistake; We will no longer he satisfied with the crumbs that fall from your table ; we demand an equal seat at the board.' In my . opinion, that is a righteous and a justifiable wish. They say, You have long legislated for one class or other, whichever class at the time happened , to have political predominance.' And they say it decidedly now, You shall take our claims into consideration our claims to a more favourable share of the land, to better and more sanitary homes, and better air spaces, to shorter hours of labour, and, indeed, to a bet- ter share altogether of the amusements and the recreation of life, and these claims should be re- cognised in a practical manner by British Parlia- ments and British municipalities." Having re- peated these demands of the democracy, Lord ROSEBERY goes on to uphold them, and to argue that a government which springs from the people should be a government by the people and for the people. There •is no reason to believe that Lord ROSEBERY is now less disposed to follow out the lines of this speech in regard to so cial legislation than he was in 1802. If there has been any change it is probably in the direction of even a fuller' sym- pathy with the demands of the w orking classes. That the new Premier is not believed to be either weak or lukewarm in regard to any other of. the reforms initiated by Mr. GLAD - STONE is evidenced by the singular unanimity and enthusiasm with which all sections of the Liberal party have rallied around him. Even Mr. LABOUMIERE and the two or three other Radicals who were up in arms against a " Peer-Premier" have now laid aside their hostility. The conten- tion that a capable statesman should be ostracised from any office because he had the misfortune to be born a Peer is not good Radicalism. Real Radical policy is to en franchise not to disfran- chise. All that can be fairly asked of Lord Rose- bery is that Ihe shall be determined like other Liberals to annul or restrict within narrow limits the veto which the House of Lords now exercises over Liberal legislation, and it is understood that on this score his policy will leave nothing further to be desired.

Now that the Parish Comtcils Bill A 61" t Reform, has passed both Houses of Parlia- ment a widespread interest is being felt as to its probable effects. The shadow of the great reform will be over all the vestry and town- chip meetings that are to be held shortly. Before they can be held another year, the parish and dis- trict councils which will be created by the Bill will have taken in hand the government of rural dis- tricts. Boards of Guardians will undergo a note- worthy change. They will become the district councils for the rural parishis of the Union, and they will be elected on the one man one vote prin- ciple and not upon the property franchise that now I exists. After November next it will be as easy for the working classes to elect one of their own rank to the Board of Guardians as it is now to the Town Council. The Boards of Commissioners at Run- corn and Newton and the Local Boards at Lymm and Haydoek will become district councils.and all the "fancy franchises" upon which members of these bodies are elected will be swept away in favour of the one man one vote. The chairman of each district council will, by virtue of his office, be entitled to sit on the local bench of magistrates, just as the Mafor of a bomugh now is. It is, however, the rural parishes or townships that will ie most vitally affected by the new Bill. Hitherto they have, for t'Ae most part, been without any- thing worthy of the name of representative government. That want will be met by the parish councils, and it will be the villagers own fault if they do not make the best of the powers that have been conferred upon them. They will now be able to adopt, if they so desire, such Acts as those relating to Lighting and Watching, Baths and Wash-houses, Burials, Public Improvements, and Libraries,though the expenditure must not be More than sixpence in the pound in any one year. Then, in addition to all this, the Councils may either purchase or hire land and let it out in allotments. Altogether, the Act which comes into force. this year can hardly fail to ha ye some far-reaching effects.

CONSERVATIVE BILLIARD HA NDIC A PS. The consolation billiard handicap at the Conser- vative Club was brought to a conclusion on Monday evening, with the following result :—First prize, cue and case, Mr. Robert Bell ; second, cruet, Mr. William Kay ; third, breakfast cruet, Mr. William Davies: fourth, pipe, Mr. Jame 3 Buxton ; firth, pipe, Mr. William heigh ; sixth, basket, Mr. 11. .Gittens..

===== 0002601_18940310_art0062.txt | included=true | included =====
LOCAL NEWS.

ELLESMERE-STREET MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT CLASS RUNCORN.

There was a fair attendance at the weekly meeting this class, the chair being occupied by Mr. F. Clarke. The programme submitted by Mr. Bentley was of a high- class character and was appreciated by _all present.

BRICKSETTERS' STRIKE AT WIDNES. The brieksetters employed by the Alkali Co. at their Widnes works have struck work. The dispute is in re- gard to contract work. It is alleged that " lumpers " are engaged in several yards, and the men refuse to 'work under such conditions. About 70 man are affected..

SERVICE OF SONG AT WIDNES. A service of prayer entitled "Jessica's First Prayer," was given in the Waterloo-road schools on Thursday night to a good audience. The choir, which numbered about 100 voices, did their work in an excellent style, the various musical items being well rendered. The proceeds will be devoted to the West Bank Church Mis- sion Sunday School. A HAWKER WITHOUT A LICENSE AT RUNCORN. At the Runcorn Police Court, on Thursday =suing, before Messrs. John Brundrit and F. J. Norman.. Jam es Doherty, a pedlar, was charged with hawking without a license on Wednesday, in Blantyre-at.—?. C. Richardson proved the case and the prisoner was fined ss. including costs with an alternative of seven days imprisonment. DRLICIOVS CRISP CRUST ronad COLLIER'S bread.—Adat. WIDNES CASES AT LIVERPOOL COUNTY SESSIONS. At these sessions, on Monday, William Cox (35), labourer, was. sentenced to six months imprisonment tor three cai-s of la,rceny at Widnes on the 3rd Feb. Cox had a torn; recoid of previous convictions. Rachael Connolly. (49), was sentenced to 6 months imprison- ment ; Bridget Michaelinore (28), to one month, and . Mice Ellison (28), to one month for stea MI, at Widnes, on the Ist Feb., 48Ibso! coke, the pt °petty of the United Alkali Co. Ltd.—John Dennis (57) a sailor, was sen- tenced to three months imptisoninecit, for having, at Widnes, on the 2nd Feb. last, stolen an overcoat, the

property of Mary Itnicon. TusE Irma 13tYrrrm. is. per lb.. at COLLIER'S.—Adrt.

MR. MACCABE'S VISIT TO. RUNCORN. This well-known entertainer paid a visit to Runcorn

_ . on 'Tuesday evening, and the varied programme pre- sented by him was very highly appreciated by a fairly large audience. Mr. Maccabe has rightly termed his performance" Begone dull care," for scarcely a moment is allowed to elapse without the risible faculties of those present being brought into active exercise. Although he has been in the profession for such a lengthened period he shows no sign of lack of vigour or ability in the por- trayal of the phases of life of which he has made a life- long study. In the second part of the performance he Vas ably assisted by IVIdLe Minnia,whose acting was also

exceptionally clever. COLLIER'S OVENS are going night and dtv —.l dvt.

DEATH OF A RUNCORN LADY IN AUSTRALIA. Many of our readers will learn with regret that Mrs. Evans, late of High-st., Runcorn, died on the 28th Jan- uary, at the house of her son, Kirkham Evans, of Ade- laide, Australia. The news of her death was despatched to some Ituticorn friends at the end of January, and reached here in the middle of th e present week. MIT. Evans who was a native of Rune orn made a large circle of friends during her residence ir the town, being asso- ciated with au adult class at Camden school as a teacher and also serving in the capacity of agent to the IV,,:leyan General Assurance Society. Some ten years ago she left this town for Australia, and has since permanently resided there with her three sons. For some months previous to her death she had been in failing health and was at the age of 63 years when she died..

HARTLEY'S DAMSONS 21b. for Gd. at COLLIER'S.—Adrt. RUNCORN LEAGUE OF THE CROSS SOCIETY.

On Sti.nWy-^eVer-i-i-itg-a meaing in connection with the St. Edward's branch of the above Society took place in the schoolroom, Mill Brow, lt,ncorn, under the chair- matt,hp of :',D.Clioch. There was a large attendance and the Ch,oonan was soppored on the platform by Messrs. T.Cooko, JA.'. Dalton (Warrington),and J. Horton. Atter a few observations from Mr. Clinch, Mr. Da,!ton delivered an interestin: address on temperance prinelp,e3, and tie necessity for their adoption by the pvoith., nor, nnly for the calve of sobriety, but also for the caose of t heir Church.—Votes of thanks were heartily accordod to Mr. Dalton at Mr. Clinch ; the former on the proposition of Mr. Hort us, seconded by Mr. T. Cooke, and the latter on the motion of Mr. Dalton, seconded by Mr. Bisbrown. The proceedings then terminated. SPLIEMID NEW Cuansyrs 2d. per lb. at CoLutza's.— Advt. BRUNSWICK MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT SOCIETY, RUNCORN. At the weekly meeting held on Wednesday a very friendly yet animated discussion took place on " Gretna- ation," between the members of the above and the Ellesmere-st. Societies. The Ellesmereites,who were re- presented by Messrs. Gandy, Bentley,Scragg, and Jones vigorously championed the cause of cremation ; while the Brunswickites, represented by Messrs.Palin,Lawton, Bisbrown, and Millington stoutly supported the time- honoured custom of burial. At the close the visitors were cordially thanked for their kindness in introducing the debate, which besides being keenly enjoyed by those present, also gave them an opportunity of hearing the subject thoroughly thrashed out, and a hope vc as ex- prusel that the joint debates which had been so success- ful, and which by bringing the members of the different societies together was productive of so much good feel- ing and fellowship, would be continued in the future. There was a crowded attendance. Mr. T. Simister (the presidcnt) occupied dui? chair. Over 6,000 delicious loaves sold every week at COLLIBed.

BETHESDA LITERARY AND SOCIAL CLASS, RUNCORN. At the weekly meeting of this class on Tuesday even- ing the Rev. J. Simpson delivered an interesting address on "Dinah Morris," one of the characters in George Elliott's works "Adam Bede." He dealt with the subject in a manner which riveted the attention of the audience. As an introduction to the question he showed that the highly sensitive nature of woman combined with her depth of feeling, compared with that of man, tended to the adoption of earnest religious principles. The char- acter of Dinah as idealized by George Elliott led them to the contemplation of the existence of woman as a minis- tering angel, ever ready to place self aside and yield her- self as a sacrifice for others; and with such an amount of Christiaa love and sympathy within her that in her walk upon earth she irOglit be looked upon as a veritable saint. Her religion was not of that hard, cold, and relentless kind which rather repelled than invited, but it was full of brightness,warmtli,and.sunshine so that those with whom she came into contact were made better by her presence. The motive power of this noble life was briefly summed up in her intense love for God and man with an earnest endeavour to do all in her power for the alleviation of another's woes and to raise mankind from indifference into active enthusiasm.' . Si to PRITCHARD'B, 51, High-st., Runcorn. for the best Firs GUINEA WATCH a working man can have. —Advt. ENTERTAINMENT AT THE RUNCORN SEAMAN'S INSTITUTE. An entertainment of a most pleasant and diverting nature was given far the benefit of sea men at the Run- corn Seamen's Institute, on Tuesday evening, when there was a fairly large attendance. The programme was undertaken by the Mersey Mission Drum and Fife band who are certainly to be cougrat ulated upon their possession of such talented artistes. The proceedings opened with a song and cherus by the band entitled "Weighing the Anchor "and followed by Mr. T. Shall- cross who rendered" Wait till his Ship comes home." Miss Douglas sang "Dada won't buy me a Bow-Wow " and Master Fred Allen contributed the song "Grace Darling." Mr. J. Owen recited " Warriors of the Sea," and Mr. John Shaw gave the popular song "Daisy Bell" " Angels ever bright and Fair "was sung effectively by Miss Randal's, and the band distinguished themselves in their rendering of the song and chorus " The Fisher Boy." The song by Mr. J. Moores entitled " Every bul- let has its Billet "was given in a praiseworthy manner. Miss Douglas, Miss liandalls and Mr. Fred Allen were again heard to advantage and considerable merriment was occasioned by Mr. Byfield who was responsible for a Lancashire reading. The entertainment concluded with a humorous sketch the title of which was " Apart- Tnents to Let," the four characters being taken by Messrs T. Wakefield, John Owen, James Owen, and J. Cliffe. The duties of accompanist were ably discharged by Miss Bowyer. If you want your WATCH ItAPAIRED by skilled workmen take it to PanoWARD'S. Adtt. SATURDAY NIGHT CONCERTS AT WIDNBS. Another of the weekly concerts, promoted by the United Alkali Co., took place in the Baths Assembly Rooms, Widnes, on Saturday night. There was a crowded attendance. An excellent proeramme had been provided by the employes of Messrs. Mathieson's works, the vari- ous items of which were gone through in an admirable manner. The concert opened by the Band playing "March aux Flambeaux," in a very praiseworthy man- ner. The following items were also gone through : Songs. " Job Lot," Mr. F. Parker ; " The Storm Fiend," Mr. A. Shingler (encored) ; " Death of Nelson," Mr. El. Pilgrim ; " The Farmer's Boy," Mr. F. Shingler (encored) ; " Early Closing," Mr. G. Wendt (('ncored) ; " Please give me a penny," Mr. W. McNorton ; "He isn't a marrying man," Mr. James Taylor (encored) ; " ‘Nllien you and I were young, Maggie," Mr. W.Marsh ; " When the Pilot takes command," M. James Hul.se ; duets, " Excelsior," and " All's Well," Messrs.H. Pilgrim and A. Shingler; trio, "A little farm well tili'd," Messrs. H. Pilgrim,G. Wendt,and A. Shingler ; clarionet solo, " Sur un theme," Mr. M. Ryan (encored) : and chorus" We rock away on the billows gay," the choir. The band and the choir were under the able conductor- ship of Mr. Wm. Whitby. Messrs. E. M. Harrison and J. J. F. Ainsley, F.S.S., proved themselves efficient ac- companists.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0063.txt | included=true | included =====
•11 11i1 i'; ; t v t Aii7i,T..L4 A IC lit 1 • MAIICH .1.:...5u4

===== 0002601_18940310_art0064.txt | included=true | included =====
OAKLAND-STREET WESLEYAN MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT SOCIETY, WIDNES. The usual weekly meeting was held on Friday night. Mr. J. Newburn was ir. the chair and there was a good attendance. A delxite took place on " War, as to its . necessity, &c." several members took part in the discussion and a most enjoyablr.evening was. spent. WORKMEN'S FOOTBALL COMPETITIONS FOR WIDNES AND RUNCORN.

The UniteLi Alkali Co. have again signified their in- tention of offering medals, for football competition by their woiktnen residing in Widnes and Runcoru. Last year the competitions prAed vory popular, and 10) doubt they will be heartily ent,,red into this year.

PRIZE COMPETITION AT THE RUNCORN CONTINUATION NcttooLs.

With a view to encouraging the scholars of the above school in their studies a scheme has been formulated of offering prizes for competition in the various subjects taught. One of these competitions has just taken place, and the prz,s, which take the form of books, were won by the f.-,llowing :-I.st, Robert Hughes; 2nd Nicholas Shorten ; and 3rd, Alfred 'tooth. PRITCHARD'S have now stood the test for fifty yeArs, and quality and first class workrnAn6hip are still guaranteed..— .Advt.

BILLIARD TOURNAMENT AT TRH RUNCORN LIBERAL C LL,Ht An exhibitir,n of billiards is at present in progress ae the Liberal Club, Runcorn, and is creating a large amount of interest. Prizes are being offered to three gentlemni scoring the largest number of points. There rs and up to the present are flu lesss.C. a than 32 '( nd\r.Pr BP'ritnmlow are the favourites, the latter having won ten pines out of eleven and the for- mer eight out of nine. ENTERTAINMENTS AT THE G REENWAY ROAD BOARD Scnooc, RUNCORN. On Wednesday evening, a most successful magic lan- tern entertainment took place in the Boy's room of the above school. The scholars with their parents attended in large numbers and the proceedings were much appre- ciated. Miss Kilburn and Mr. J. F. M,,ulton gave the descriptive readings, and Mr. Bowyer manipulated the lantern. On Thursday evening a repetition of the en- tertainment took place, when the views were explained by Mr. Epps. When in want Of a Ca AS r E and ELEGANT riEDDIN• Itr IIIitTIIDAY PRESaNT go to PRITCH ARD'S, 51. High-street. Adz'.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0065.txt | included=true | included =====
FIRM IN A DWELLING-HOUSE AT WIDNE;,

dwelling-house of Thomas HaEratrolyf NoVnest\ti-(s)ntrd:t.nw igals'tritoit';'ced to Neon fire. Mr. Hart was working and his wife had, after putting two chil- dren to bed, left rho house to do some business. On the fire being discovered the children were immediately got out. It is supposed that the dog was pla.yilg with the table cloth and t'nis overturned the paraffin lamp. A great amount of damage has been done to the kitchen furniture.

COLLIER'S use over ten tons of Pion- every week.—Adet.

PROFOSRD BRIDGE OVER THE 3RILGEWATER CANAL AT RUNCORN.

Mr. Walter Collier, of Church-street, Runcorn, is pro- moting a potition to the Improvement Commissioners in favour of the building of a bridge acrcss the Bridge- water Canal, near the Crane, Runcorn. The object of the mov,,.ment is to procure better communication from Halton-road, and the necessity for such an improvement has been recognised by a great many people who have already attarlied their signatures ta the petition. Mr. Collier has also, it is understood, received promises of pecuniary help in carrying out the project. Jusgrul PRITCHARD. 51, High-street. Rancoin, kelp SPECIPACITCS to suit all sights, from 3. ehiling a pair,—.4llt.,

A RUNCORN ARCIIIT2CT AND 00:4PANY PROMOTING. A dispute connected with a company promoting ven- ture was dec;dNl by Mr. Justice Charles in the Crown Court at the Mancheetr Assizes on Wednesday. The plaintiff was Albert George Smith, a land agent residing near Flint, and the defendants were Rlbart Wyllie War- rington ,nit John Wilson Runcorn. Plaintiff sought to recover £294 from each of the defendants in respect of a proportionate share of monies paid, and for services rencLrod by the plaintiff for and on their accounts as their agent. Mr. Justice Charles gave judgment for the plaintiff for £lO9 and costs.

THE DIVIcION OF•RUNCORN INTO WARDS. A committee of the Cheshire County Council, will sit at the Runcorn Town Hall on Friday afternoon for the purpose of enquiring into an application by the Ron- corn Improvement Commissioners for the division of the town into wards. Messrs. Hodgson, Evans, and Speakman, are the members of the committee. The chairman of the Commissioners, Mr.S. Taylor, J.P.,has intimated by an advertisement which will be found elsewhere that all intereste d persons may attend and give evidence. JOSEPH PRITCHARD, Watchmaker and Jeweller, 51, Higli- st., Runeorn.--,Adrt.

---•- DYPARTURE OF WESLEYAN MINISTERS raom RUNCORN. It is understood in Runcorn ‘Vesleyan circles that the le: Thomas Wilkes hrs accepted the superintendency of the Rochdale (Union-street) circuit, and the Rev. Wm. Arrowsmith, that of St. Helens and Prescot cir- cuit. The Rev. James Hanby, as previously stated, is encaged to go to Fleetwood, in the Blackpool circuit. These arra.nqemcnts aria but provisional and require con- firmation at the respective quarterly meetings and forth- coming conferences before they become absolute. EVT.RYTTITNG is sold for smallest Draft at, CoLuEs's,92,6l-rota- way-rd.,Halton-rd.,Egertoo-5t., Bridge-st.6,Charoh-st.—Adit. RUNCORN PRIMITIVE METHODIST BAND or HOPE. A service of song entitled " Golden Deeds " was given on Wedne,day evening by the members of the Band of Hope choir in the Greenway-road new schoolroom. There was a numerous audience and the selection W4S admirably rendered. The choir was conducted by Mr. James Stubbs, and Mr. Gittens accompanied on the organ. Recitations were given by the telCligrS Of tliff school, namely., I.llrs, Rieliard:mNis3es Miles,TiogwOrik I Wrigh,., rand Messrs. John Wilson, Richardson, Wood- ward, and Page. Mr. Reynolds presided. rriE FALL OF A WALL AT RUNCORN.—FUNERAL. . . . . •--

The remains of the unfortunate girl, Sarah Dunning, were interred on Thursday afternoon in the Runcorn Cemetery cc here a large number of sorrowing friends had asseml+d to witness the ceremony. The members of the children's choir at St. Edward's Catholic Church,with which the &ceased was associated,headed the procession ! and were followed by several scholars of the school. The coffin was borne to th,!J grave on the shoulders of members of the League of the Cross,behind whom ,came the bereaved parents and other relatives. The Rev. Dr. Gastaldi conducted the service at the cemetery. BRUNSWICK WESLEYAN SUNDAY SCDOOLS. RUNCORN. The annual teachers' meeting was held on Thursday nieht in the schoolroom, under the chairmanship of the Rev. Thomas Wilkes, superintendent minister. The secretaries reports show that although the completion of the Ship Canal has somewhat reduced the number on the books. yet the average attendance has not been mat- erially affected. The treasurer's report was submitted, and shows an increased balance in hand. The following gentlemen were re-elected :—Treasurer, Mr. A. B. Nor- man ; secretary to committee, Mr. F. J. Norman ; audi- tors, Mr. E. Marshall ; superintendents, Messrs. John Simpson, T. Simister, and E. Taylor ; secretaris,M ssrs. Povah, J. Birkett, and J. UnsWorth. SICK NURSING LECTURES AT RUNCORN. By reference to our advertising columns it will be seen that in accordance with instructions from the Cheshire County Ceuncil, a series of special lectures will be delivered in the Bethesda Lecture Hall by Miss Wat- son. The first lecture will be given on the 16th inst., at 2.30 p.m., and the importance of the subject should guarantee large audiences, more especially as no charge is made for admission. Miss Watson is a thorough mis- tress of the subject whinh she has undertaken and will no doubt, be successful in extending the knowledge of many ladies who are wishful of•alleviatiue. the sufferings or the sick,

• INTERESTING MARRIAGE AT RUNCORN. At the trmston Parish Church on Wednesday a mar- riage which excited unusual interest was solemniz,d, the contracting parties being Mr.- George Hewilt, eldeit son of the late Mr.. John Hewitt, of Percival-lanci, Runcorn, and Miss S. E. Stratham, of Riversdale, Doke's Field, Runcorn. There was a larga number of parishioners as- -1 sembled in the church to witness the ceremony which was performed by the Rev. E. H. Cooke, vicar: The bride was given away by gr. Wood, and the bridegroom was attended' by Mr.. Weir, of Liverpool, as best man. A sumptorms wedding breakfast was subsequently pr- -taken of by the wedding party at the residence of Mr. Wood, Stanley .Grove. Later in the day the newly- wedded couple travclled to London where the honey- moon will be spent. A, large number of costly presents have been received by them on the occasion of their marriage..

===== 0002601_18940310_art0066.txt | included=true | included =====
ALLEGED OUT HA GES WIDNRR.

SCENE AT THE POLICE STATION.

John Price, wanted by the Widnes police for committing criminal assaults on two little girls at Widnes, last Sunday, was captured at Warrington on Wednesday night. Detective-sergeant Mona- ghan came across Price in Buttermarket-street, Warrington. He .accosted him, and the man gave the name of ". Williams," working at the forg, Warrington, for the past three weeks. Seeing that the man's dress tallied with the description of the IVidnes police, particularly as to wearing a clog on one foot and a shoe on the other, he was taken to the Police Station by the detective. Price afterwards admitted his iden— tity, and was handed over to the Widnes police. On Thursday. at the Widnes Petty Sessions, riiCe, who is about .35 years, and of no fixed abode. was charged with assaulting two little girls- named Violet Lee, aged five years and Lily Lee, aged thre:, years ,- daughters of Oliver Lee, hobby-horse owner, at present residing in Widnes. The offences were alleged to have been committed on Sunday tile elth inst. in the neigh- bourhood of Widnes-road. Prisoner was committed to the Assizes. A largo crowd of people had collected otit side the Police Station by the time the CaSP %VHS con,' eluded, and owinc, to their hostility pritmner's removal. to Walton was postponed.

SUNDAY CLOSING MEETING AT WIDNES.

A public meeting was held in the Parochial Rooms, on Wednesday night, under the auspices of the uentral Association tor stopping the bale of intoxicating liquors on Sunday, and to advocate the neces-sity of closing public houses on Sunday_ There was a good attendance. Mr. Stuart Dear.,on B.L.,occupied the chair, and he was supported on the platform by the deputation Rev. Geo. Armitage, of Manchester, and Mr. It. Foulkes Griffiths,barrister-at-law,Loixion ; and also by the Revs. 0. Hughes, and W. E. Lead ; Councillors Owens and OD nnell ; and Messrs. D. Lewis and F. Hartland. The Bev. W. E. Lead opened with prayer. Letters were read from several ministers who regretted being unable to be present.—Mr. Stuart Deaeou in his opening ad- dress stated that although he was not a teetotaller he was greatly in favour of the Sunday closing of public-houses. (Applause.)—Mr. F. riartland proposed " That while many questions connected with the control of the drink traffic might advantageously be referred to the local au- thorities, the Sunday closing of public-houses, for which public opt won has long been ripe, can and ought to be dealt with by an imperial measure which would take effect unifcrinly and at once throughout the whole of England." He said he was greatly in favour of closing public-houses on Sunday. Ile then referred to the great number of people employed on the Sabbath in the drink trade, and hoped Sunday closing would soon be paced in the statute book of this country. (Applause.)— Mr. 'l'. Ormroyde in a few well chosen remarks seconded the resolution.—The Rev. G. Armitage, in supporting the resolution, said when we came to take the figures as to the necessity or not of Sunday °losing we find a great majority in favour of it—about 7tl 1. There were also a great maj,rity of publicans in favour of the movement as they thought it would be right to give a day of rest to their employees. He said wherever Sunday closing had been adopted it had proved a real sucsess in every case. Factory hands worked about 56 hours per week, whilst in the London public houses IE3 hours had to be worked and 108 in the country. Was it not a shame that young people should be fastened up behind the bar so long ? The resolution was carried imariimnusly. Councillor Owens proposed that copies of the resolution iassed that evening he sent to the Hous,of PArliampntaid the mem- ber for the %Vitines division', Mr. J. S. Gilliat. He (Mr. Owens) thought that if Sunday Closints was passed it , would prove it benefit to the whole cosntry.—Councillor ! O'Donnell in seconding the resolution, thought that Sun- I , day closing should come into force if only for the sake of publicans and their assistants.—Mr. It. Foulkes G riffiths in supporting the resolution said sonic people thought that they were trying to rob the poor man of his beer. It was not so,and if beer was required for Sunday it could ke gst on the Saturday night when the groceries and vegetables were got in. He then referred very folly to the Welsh Sunday closing and the Royal Commission appointed to I enquire into it. Mr. Griffiths was vociferously applauded lat the end of his address. The speech,though somewhat • leni;thy, was full of interest, and interspersed with hum- our.—The resolution was carried unanimously. —On the , motion of Mr. David Lewis and Mr. T. S. Swale a hearty vote of thanks was given to Mr. Stuart Deacon for pre- siding. Mr. Deacon replied.—The meeting terminated by the Bev. %V. E. Lead pronouncing the benedietion.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0067.txt | included=true | included =====
ST. ALBAN'S CHURCII GRAND CONCERT.

A grand concert promoted by the St. Albans Church, Bewsey-street, Warringtopt, was given in the Co-operative Hall, Sankey-street, on Thursday evening. There was a very large audience who were, no doubt, attracted by the list of leading musical artistes in the town who were advertised to take part. The programme was opened by a duet, piano and harmonium, lry Miss Voisey and Mr. J. B, Caldwell, who executed the piece " Tannhituser," (Wagner) in a brilliant manner. Mrs. W. B. Roberts, and Miss Voisey were equally successful in a duet with two pianos, the piece being " Marche Orientate," (FL Kerterer), for which they were loudly applauded. Messrs. P H. Pearson, 11. Bond, and 3. 13. Cald well, in the trio of violin, violoncello, and piano, well sustained their reputations by the skil- ful manner in whist' they performed "La tolmnbe," (Gounod), and " Gipsy Rondo," (Haydn). In the second part of the programme, they rendered with great success, " Cavalleria Rusticana," (Mascagm), arid " Intermezzo," (N. It. Gaul). Messrs. R. H. Pearson and J. B. Caldwell also gave the du brilliant " Lucie de Lammermoor," (C. a Beriot), and Mr. R. H. Pearson gave the violin solo, "Si triple Aveu," (Thome), and " Mazurka," (Wieniawski), in an equally skilful manner. Among the soloists, there was a good array of talant. The Rev. A. D. Firth, 0.5.8., was. enthusiastically encored for his rendering of the solo, "The storm fiend," (J. L. Reckel), and in response he gave a most amaidng song descriptive of a lover's serenale. He VC a 3 aga2a encored for "Clang of the :orgt," (11odne7), and again gave a homer- ous song. Mrs. J. 13. Cakiwell receired an encore for the song, Ave Maria," with a violin obligarn by Mr It. H. Pearson. She also sang the well known song, " The lost chord " (A. Sullivan), with great taste. Mr. A. Cavanagh is well-known for the excellent manner in which he sings the rollicking Irish airs, and he proved to be a great favourite with the audience by his rend- tion of " Biddy Aroo "(J. A. F. Maitland), and " Father O'Flynn," for the former of whieh he was encored. Miss Cavanagh sang " Better Land " (Cowen), with much feeling, and on being encored, she sang " The Minstrel Boy." She was also very happy in her interpreta!don of ";he Nightlngale's trill " (Ganz), and Mr. Joseph Cavanagh further exhibited the wasical talents oi ht,N family by singing'' Bedouin love sort " (are ringui), and the well-known song " Off to Philadelphia " (Bat ti- son HaTtic4). Mr, J, M. Bate was in ex11,23t v:/ice,acd he veAved applange for the songg " Crii 440 I,U garden Maud " (Balfe), and" Bonnie Mary of Argyle," for the latter of which he received an encore, but did not respond. Miss Mcelew has an excellent sweet voice,and she received encores for both of her pieces, which were " Killarney " (Balfe), and " Ora pro nobis" (rice°. lo!plri.) Mr. J. B. Caldwell acted as accompanist. Dni: lag Hie interval, the Rev. A. D.Firth expressed his plea- sure at seeing so many present. It also gave him great pleasure to see Father Ferny among the audience. (Ap- plause.) He thought that great praise was dins to Mr. Caldwell who had got up the concert, and had been to very much trouble in making the arrangements. He hoped that when another concert was trill, it would he equally successful. The concert closed with the playing An of the National thm e.

CHARGE AGAINST ‘ A PENKETH PUBLICAN. A CONSTABLE'S LAPSE OF MEMORY,

At he Warrington County Sesions on Wednes- day, -before Mr: J. White in Ow chair, and Mr. S. R. Armitage, James .Jacks.m, landlord of the Crown and Cushion, Penketh, was charged with being drunk- in-that public house on Feb. 9th: P.C. Thorl ey said that he was in War- rington-road, Penketh, when he saw two men who were drunk,go into the pu bile house. He went into the house and told the barmaid not to serve the men as they

- were the worse for drink.--At this stage of his evidence, the constable appeared to have forgotten his case and stood for some time completely at a loss what to say, much to the amusement of the Court. After a; time he went on to say that the defendant came

staggering—Torrd-to the parloar door. Mrs. Jackson went to him and pushed him back ita the par- lour again and said to him "Stop there, there's a con- stable in the house." Jackson however came staggering

out again, and held against the wall, and muttered " What's to do ?" Jackson hereupon begged him not to report him, and Mrs. Jackson said that although she was drunk, he was not incapable.—During a long cross- examination by Mr. J. 0. Swift of St. Helens; who re- presented the defendant, the constable denied that he often bad lapses of memory. He also denied having gene again' to the house at a later hour the same night. He denied having written out anything in lead, pencil to tel! a witness named O'Donohue what to say.—James O'Donohue WaS- next called. He said that he was in the house the same night as the alleged offence, but he never saw Mi. Jackson at all. On being questioned' by Mr. Swift, witness became very much perplexed, and neither Mr.. Swift nor Mr. Greenall (the magistrates' clerk), could make anything of him. Mr. Swift asked him if he had receiveda piece of paper from *Constable Tb•rieyi•and hereplied that he had. Oh being asked what was upon it, the witness replied that he did not know. After a great amount of trouble and questioning, however, it was made pretty clear that the paper was simply the subpsena to attend court as a witness.—Mr. Swift for the defenee said that he had a totally different story to tell to the constable. He contended that the con stable's evidence was not to be trusted as he had a lapse of memory over giving his evidence. The, defendant totally denied being drunk at all, and also asserted that the officer came twice to the house on the night in question. On the first occasion the officer never said anything what- ever about Jackkon, hut on the Fecon :1 visit which. was about eleven o'clock at night when Jackson was in bed, he said that he had reported him for drunksnness. Jack- son was then inforilned, and he came downstairs, and asked why he had not.said that he was dronitsia the first visit if he had been so. The ofliser in reply said that he did not wish to make a disturbance,as there ere people in the room at the time. .T,elcinn in reply said, " Report as much as you like, but I can defend tnyeelf from that charge." Jackson had been in the house 20 years and had never been (shamed for drunkenness before.- -The defendant, Mrs. Jackson.llsnnah Norburt,and ackson each.corroborated the solicitor's statetrienr.—Mt. White said that there was some gross perjury committed in the case. There was no doubt about it. They had decided to dismiss ths case._ '

• • - • PENDING MARRIAGE OF Mn. J. F. L. BRUNNER.. A marriage has been arranged, and will talc() place on Tuesday, the 17th April, between Mr. J. F. L. Brunner, eldest sri of Mr. John T Brunner, M.P., of Druid's Crops. Wavertree, Livernonl, and O. Ennismore-gardens, and Ltiry Marianne Vauclian, daughter of Mr., 0. Vaughan Morgan, of 13, The Bolton's, Sduth'Kensing- ton.—" Morning Post,"

===== 0002601_18940310_art0068.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN BOARD OF GUARDIANS.

Mr. J. Mcintrye presided over the usual fort- nightly meeting of the Guardians held on Tuesday at the workhouse,Dutton. There were also present: —The Revs. J. W. N. 'Linnet and J. Hanby; Messrs. A. R. Norman, S. Taylor, J.P., T. Lea, D. IJ.Jones, J. litiowles, J. Brandreth, H. E. Heywood, J. M. Wil- liams, W. Harrison, E. Aaron, J. Weir, T. Baxter, C.C., C. T. Whitley, W. Pickering, T. Lewis, A. Broom, E. Jackson, J. Ashton (clerk), and G. Ashton ;deputy clerk).

===== 0002601_18940310_art0069.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EFFECT OF THE PARISH COUNCILS BILL.

The Clerk produced the circular from the Local Gov- ernment Board, explaining the effect which the Local Government Act, 1894, had upon Boards of Guardians. —Mr. Brandreth stated that they had been elected three years, but the Local Government Act had upset that arran;lernent,and they were going to have a new system of business, and probably it would take the Guardians all their time to know !sow to work under the new Act. He therefore proposed that a copy of the Bill be pro- cured and sent to each member.—After some little dis- cussion this suggestion was accepted.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0070.txt | included=true | included =====
FINANCE.

Mr. Brandreth presented the report and estimate of the probable balance in favour of or against each town- ship in the Union at the end of the current half-year ending Lady Day 1894 and amount of contributions required trom the overseers of the respective townships 1 in the Union to meet the expenditure ot the ensuing half-year, Michaelmas, 1894. The basis of contributions on the rateable, value as per valuation list in force showed the total capital for the current half-year ending Lady Day ainou-nted to £8,937 and the net probable expendi- ture was estimated aL £5,378, a balance of £3,609 at Lady Day. Time probable expenditure for the half-year ending Michaelmas 1834 was: Common charges, £4,000; cm ate rate, £3,403; balance of contingency fund, £2,810; total, £10,213. Thus after deducting the pro- bable balance at Lady Day the amount required by con- tribution orders from the overseers was £6,604. The rateable value of the Union as per valuation lists in force was £224,764; ad increase of £1,072 during the year. A ' rate of 7J. ill the £ would produce £6,558, and it was recommended that a call for £6,604 be made upon the overseers. The foregoing calculations were subject to alteration which might beenade in valuation lists previ- ous to the contribution orders being signed, as there were several supplemental valuation lists, assessing the Manchester ship Canal, and other new and supplemental valuation lists to be received.—Mr. Brandreth proposed that the report and estimate be adopted and that the precepts be for a rate of 7,1. in the L. In answer to a 1 question he stated that the amount was the same as that I levied for the same quarter last year. —The motion was l seconded by Mr. Heywood and carried.

TRH PAVING OF A YARD AT TILE WORKISOIISR.-EXTRA..

ORDINARY ACTION OF THE BOARD.

The Clerk repotted the receipt of the Local Govern- ment Board's sanction to the proposal of the Guardians tw employ Messrs. Dunbar, Kelly, and Co., to pave the girl's yard at the Workhouse with granolithic flags, at a chargt:of 43. 9J. per square yard.—Mr. Heywood said this matter, he had learned, would cost something like £l5O, and he did not think in view of such a large sum, that the question had had sufficient consideration.—The Rev. J. W. N. Tanner said that the matter had been con- sidered by the House Committee in the proper form, and had been duly presented to the general Board for their dis- cussion. The general Board had approved of the recmn- mendation, and the matter was therefore at an end.— Mr. Lea pointed out that there was something like 100 tons of paving stones in the yard, which at between Bs. and 9s.per ton would realise almost the required amount. —Mr. Norman said that the Committee had courted the fullest consideration from the Board on the matter. It had therefore not been rushed through. The yard was in a very bad state, and it was important that the work should be executed as soon as possible. They had con- side red the advisability of doing the yard with blue tiles but he had come to the conclusion that it would be best and cheapest in the long run to call in Messrs. Dunbar, Kelly and Co., and have it done with granolithic.—Mr, Heywood thought th4t the amount of the total etipentli- ture had not been named either in committee or at the meeting of the Board. All that was mentioned was that the work-would cost 4s. 9J. per yard, and the number of yards was not spoken of.—Several members stated that the yard was in a most dangerous state and needed urgent repair.—Mr. Handley also spoke faN- ourably of the course adopted by the coaimittee, and thought that no objection should now be raised after the Board had approved of the decision of the committee.-- Mr. Taylor remarked that as the matter had passed their own Board ant: the proposal had been sanctioned by the 14,K:A G. vernment Board, it was now inopportune for Mr. Heywood to take the stand he had done with regard to this matter.—Mr. Heywood then proposed that the contract with Messrs. Dunbar, Kelly and Co. be not entered intl until that day fortnight, and gave notice of a uyation he intended to bring forward at the next metting, to rescind the contract--This proposal found a 'seconder and immediately afterwards a nether guardian said that he would give notice of a motion to accept the contract at their next meeting.—The Master of the House was called into the room and gave it as his opin- ion that the yard needed repair. —The discussion con- tinued for almost halt-an-hour in the course of which Mr. Heywood offered to withdraw his moticn if his seconder would allow him, but the seconder refused to withdraw.—Ultitnately it was proposed, seconded and carried, that the matter should he left to the decision of the Ckairman who decided to adjourn the matter until the next meeting, when Mr. Heywood had given notiet to rescind the contract. TUE PROPOSAL TO 1270; -n-uncong Tiro V-Ang.

• • icutcr Wag PulniittLed by the Clerk for Mr. Potts, Clerk to the Cheshire County Council, enclosing a notice that the enquiry wculd be held at Runcorn into the pro- posal by the Runcorn Improvement Cominiseioners for the division of the disir;ct Into wards on the ISLII inst. PnOPOSED CURE FOR INEBRIATES.

The Clerk presented a copy ot a memorial to Parlia- ment on similar lines to the one forwarded by. the Man- chester Board of Guardians recently, urging the intro- duction ct a measure for the amending of the provisions of the Inebriates Act, 1879-88. The memorialists'stated that it waS deiral)le that the Acts mentioned should be amended and supplemented with a view to making habi- tual drunkards amenable to the jurisdiction of justices -who should be empowered t 4 send persons for a limited term without their own consent to institutions provided for their reception. RESIGNATION OF DR. ROBINSON. .

The Medical Officer, Dr. ,Robinson, writing on March sth, stated that owing to continued ill-health and gradual weakness, he was compelled to tender his resig- nation of the office of Medical Officer to the Workhouse. He thanked the Board for the great kindness and cour- tesy they had always shown towards him, and asked them to take into consideration the alloNcance to him of a superannuation grant. He thbught he was the oldest officer on the Board, having served for thirty years as medical officer to the Workhouse.—The Clerk in answer to a queston said that the Board had the power to superannuate Dr. Robinson, who had just turned sixty years of age, and had, as stated in the letter, served the Board for thirty years as medical officer.—Mr. Wiliiams moved that the resignation of Dr. Robinson be accepted and also suggested the appointment of a committee to inquire into the qaestion of superannuation. After the services Dr. Robinson lied performed in the capacity of medical offiter he thought it was desirable that a super- annuation grant should be allowed him. The preposition was seconded, and the following gentlemen were elected a committee to deal with the subject, and report to the Board :—Messrs. Brandreth, Williams, Norman, Hand- ley, Mclntyre, and Knowles. FAZE IDUCATION. Mr. T. Lea said that with a view of preventing the frequent discussions that toak place at the Board meet- ings on the question of school tees, he moved "That a petition be forwarded to Parliament to the effect that this Board is of opinion that all public elementary schools should be free, and Boards of Guardians should not be called upon to pay fees as at present '•• and praying that Her Majesty's Giovernment will amend the law accord- ingly."—The Rev. I. W. /t•Tanner seconded,and it was decided that the memorial should be forwarded to Mr. :Brunner, M.P.., for presentation in the House of Com- mons.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0071.txt | included=true | included =====
PE NKETR.

MuTtist ImrttovEntrrr Assam/MON.—On Wednesday night the weekly meeting Was held in the Wesleyan schoolroom. The essayist for the evening was Mr. Upton of Lymm. The paper dealt with the history of the Jesuits- from • the time of the founding of :he order by Loyola to the present day. Mr. Parker was in the chair. Mr.• White inoved a vote of thanks to the lecturer and this was supported by Mr. Cartwright. THE FATALITY'AT CU'ERDLEY : INQUEST AND VERDICT. —On Wednesday night Mr. S. Brighouse helo an inquest at Mrs. Humphrey's; Guerdley Cross, •on -the body of a manzamed Pritchard, who was killed at Cuerdley, on Saturday. It'a ppea red from the evidence that deceased was employed by Mr. He,witt. of Widnes, to assist in carting some chaff from Mr. Wright's firm, en Saturday. He and two other men were having &line lunch at the Cuerdrey Cross Inn, and he left to look after the horse. It is supposed that the horse bolted and knocked him dawn, the wheel passing over his- body. • Ile•was found lying behind a hedge by Mr.T.Humplirey,and he shortly afterwards gotim and walked in the direction of Wid- nes, but lay down again by Mr. Husker's smithy. He was in paingand was carried to the Inn, but clid before he reached there. flewas 45 years of age. Dr.Adarns,, of Warrington, made a post-mortem examination'of the lo•dy, and found that two ribs had been broken and had penetrated the lungs. The jury-brought in a verdict of " Accidental death."

WARM/W/0N DRAdiATIC SOCIETY. The members of this Society will perform "Sweet Lavender," on Thursday and Friday, March '29th and 30th (Easter week), in the Gymnasium. The plan of the reserved seats open on Saturday next, the 17th int., at 10 a.m., at Mr. Pearson's, Bold- street.. :Further particulars • may be gathered from an advertisement in.another column.

INTERESTING CEREMONY AT THE WARRINGTON SCHOOL OF ART.

A VISIT FROM LORD CROSS.

A fund was sometime ago started for the purpose. of placing in the Warrington School of Art a bust of the late Lord Winmarleigh. Tht. work has been executed by Mr. Bromfield Adams,Loudon and bears a rmarkable likeness to the deceased gentleman at middle age. The movement was brought to a con- summation on Thursday, by the unveiling of the bust, which was performed by Lewd Cross before a large company. In addition to Lnei Crass there were present : Mr. John Bylands (chairman) Mr. F. Monks, C.C., Aldermen Francornb, Sutton, and Wright ; Ceun- cillors R. T. Faircloue,h, Beird, Hill, Muir, and Plump. ton ; the Rev. F. W. Willis (rector of Warrington), Canon Penrhyn, the Revs. E. C. E. Carleton, H. Y. Pigot, G. F. Roberts. Morley Steveneen, and E. J. Wil- cocks ; Mejor Pickmere, Captains Withington, Buckton, and Edelstein ; Mr. John Wilite. Mr. aed Miss Cencon, Mr. R. T. Lowe, Mr. and Mrs. Milling, Mr. C. S. Bur- gess, Mr. J. E. Davies, Mr. and Mrs. Madeley, Mr. and Mrs. and Miss Woods, Mr. Bromfield Adams, Mr. C.and the Misses White, Mr. and Mrs. D. W. Finney, Mr.H. B. and Miss White, Mr. and Mrs. Thompson, Miss Massey, Mr. John Hatton, Mr. and Mrs. J. Warburton, Mr. and Mrs. W. Gill, Mr. L. W. and Mrs. Reyn Ads, Mr. G. F. White.and others. Communications re,gretting unvoid- able absence were received from the Mayor (Alderman E. Greenall) Alderman Harrison, Mr. Jelin Crosfield, Mr. Joseph Davies, and Mr. Thomas Morris. Lord Cross upon being called upon to unveil the bust said he esteemed it a great honour to have been invited to unveil the bust of an old townsman and a dear and valued friend of his own—Colonel John Wilson Patten, the first and last Lerd Winmarleigh. He was a true Lan- cashire man and a thorough gentleman. (Hear, hear.) As to his public life during his forty-two years' represen- tation of the nerthern division 01 tits county (1832 to 1874), he represented every one of his constituents, no matter what their politics were. He was a follower of Sir Robert Peel, and was called upon for some time to perform the arduous duties of chairmen of Committees of the House of Commons, an office of no inconsiderable dignity, and one which required great judgment, tact, and temper. Very much against leis will, he undertook and with enormous success adminie'ered, the office of Treasurer of the Chancellor of the I):ishy of Lancashire, and much more unwillingly he on leetook tne more im- portant duties of Chief Secretary to the Lord Lientenant of Ireland. During the time he held that office, when Ireland was not in the same condition as it is now, but was still difficult enough to manaee,he set his lane deter- minedly against the jobbery and corruption lie found in that country. With regard to his military career, he joined and devoted himself to the 3el Royal Militia Regi- ment, was made colonel in 1842, aesd led the regiment to foreign service in 1855. He was honourably men- tioned by the Field Marshall for valuahle services. War- rington had reason to be proud of their fellow townsman. There were two incidents by which he would be remem- bered by thousands and tens of thousands of his fellow- countrymen. One was the zeal and energy he threw into the work in 1862, and the manner in which he administered the cotton famine funds. With the excep- tion of Lord Derby, who headed that movement, there was no one who devoted so much time, afteation, and care as Lord Winmarleigh, then Colonel WilsorePatten, for the benefit of the cotton opera -ivee woo were suffer- ing at that time. The other incident was the very active part he took in starting, furthering, and promot- ing the welfare of the Northern [die': Asylum in Man- chester, an institution which had dons mach good there and elsewhere. Other matters could be enlarged uaon,, but it would suffice to refer to the pleasing actien of Lord Winmarlei,glnresiding amongst his own poopleeand showing what an English gentleman could de. 0 con- clusion as he withdrew the covering from the bast,Lord , Cross said Lord Winmarleigh U--eecil V. a, good old ages ' and died full of years, ric.nes,and honour, a man grontly 1)eloy0: tho Vist so 'ht all who ran tritht! ria I—read the ofaitiP or A oble and learn from him how they might do their duty in that state of life in which they might be called as he had done in his.—His Lordship then formally unveiled the bust, after which Mr. F. Moses, C.C., in accepting the bust on behalf of the Corporation, regretted that the Mayor oould not be present to perform the duty. The bust, he said, had been executed so as to resemble the deceased nobleman, not as he was in his old age, but as he was when he lived among them, and took an active part in their town's welfare. Referring briefly to Lard Winmarlergh's connection with Warrington, Mr. Monks said he remem- bered the active and energetic part which Lord Winmar- leigh played in connection with the Mechanics' Institute. In almost all other institutions for the benefit of the townspeople he was deeply interesteel, and helped both with his purse and with his personal services. (Ap- plause.) And when he left the town he made his name memorable by the generous manner in which he enabled Warrington to become possessed of what he considered their noblest buildine—(applause)—as well as the beautiful surroundings which formed an accept- able breathing spot for the inhabitants. (Applause.) In conclusion, he alluded in terms of eulogy to the de- ceased nobleman's personal characteristics of integrity and geniality, Alderman VRANCOMB, the Rector of Warrington, and Major Plektnele also re.,10 few remarks. The Rev. E. TChEi6.\?oatrelewtrs secondedl)rped by yV ta; Captain r;ltiihsin7tuociiir,wa huorwosass. 1e only officer present of L)rcl Winmarleigh's regiment. He said that during all the time he wa: under his com- mand,Lord Winmarleigh had been as good as a father to him, The formal proceedings terminated with a vote of “eke t.') Mr. Rylands, moved by Mr. H. B. Vtbite, se- tha. aA conded by wards served oU! ti??oPr.c4(Mts _auerman Sutton ,and a light lunch efter-

===== 0002601_18940310_art0072.txt | included=true | included =====
Ta

WEEKLY ItEPOET ON TUE REALTII OP

WARRINGTON.

During the week, which was the 9th of. the current year, the following births and deaths were registered :—Births: Warrington, 32; Latchford, 1 ; t0ta1,33. Deaths: Warringioon. 19; Latchford, 2; total 21. The excess of births over deaths was 12. The death-rate from all causes was equal to 19.6 per 1,000, against 19.4 the average of the previous four weeks, and against 27.3 the corresponding week of last year. The death-rate from the seven chief zymotic diseases was equal to 5.5 per 1,000, against 2.5 the average rate of the four previous weeks, and against 2 7 the corresponding 'week of 1893. The ages of mortality were :-0 to 1, 6 ; 1 to 5, 4 ; 5 to 15,0 ; 15 to 25. 1 ; 25 to 60, 8 ; 60 up 2: total, 21. The deaths included-2 from whoop- ing cough ; 1 from measles; 3 from enteric fever; 1 from cancer; 6 from brain disease ; 2 from lung disease ; 2 from heart disease. The following cases of infectious diseases have been reported during the week :—Scarlet fever, 2 cases. Total number of patients in hospital week ending 3rd March. 1894, 24. METEOROLOGY.—The mean temperature was 43 Fah., and therefore 7i deg. higher than the preced- ing week. The maximum temperature 54 Ir., was recorded on the 26th inst.. and the minimum temperature 33 F., on the 25th inst. The rainfall measared 1.13 inch. The general direction was s.w., the reading of the Anemometer denoting 475 miles.—JOHN H. GORNALL, Medical Officer of Health.

Fever HoFpital, Aikin-st., Warrington. Report for the month ending 28th February, 1894 In Hospital Ist February Admitted during the month— Cases of Scarlet Fever Cases of Enteric Other Diseases

Total

Discharged Cured Dead

In Hospital Ist March

===== 0002601_18940310_art0073.txt | included=true | included =====
Total 4l JOHN H. GORNALL, Medical Superintendent.

WARRINTON AMATEUR PHOTOGAPHIO SOCIETY. A special meeting of this Society was held ió the Committee room of the ittseum, Bold-street, on Tuesday evening, and was presided over by Mr. B. W. Houghton in the absence of the president, Mr. T. Down. There was a large number of members present who had come to see Mr..Birt Acres give a lecture and practical demonstration on photographic printing and enlarging by the carbon proces4. At the close a cordial vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Dirt Acres for his interesting lecture.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0074.txt | included=true | included =====
1V YC LIFFR YOUNG PEOPLE'S SOCIETY.

The in7d-e members of this society provided the programme at the tneetiog on Monday evening. The room bad been decorated for the occasion, and the platform contained an array of plants and fairy lamps. There was a large attendance. The first part ot-the programme was of a miscellaneous charac- ter including a number of tableaux vicants inter- spersed with several songs and a reading.' The'vari- ous tableaux represented numerous familiar _charac- ters, and the" Professor" showed his " figures " to advantage. Those who contributed to the vocal part were Messrs. W. Brown, A. Griffiths, C. Tay- lor, and T. Forbes. Mr. H. M. Ashton recited "Bill Atitins "in his usual clever manner. During tt interval light refreshments were handed round. The remainder of the evening was occupied by the performance of a laughable farce, taken part in by Messrs. S. W. Jeffery, E. Pickavance, J. Podmore, jun., C. Taylor, H. Hayes, J. Ball, G. Morrell and J. Hawthorn. A vote of thanks was passed to those who bad contributed to the success of the enter- tainment, and an enjoyable meeting concluded.

faINILYM

EVANS'

QUININE

BITTERS.

%..e; - - " ,

===== 0002601_18940310_art0075.txt | included=true | included =====
GWILYNI

EVANS'

QUININE BITTERS.

GWILY3I

EVANS'

QUININE

BITTERS.

GWILYM

EVANS'

QUININE

BITTERS.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0076.txt | included=true | included =====
BEFORE THE MAGISTRATES.

SERIOUS ASSAULT ON A WIFE.

At Warrington Police Court, on Saturday, John Wm. Pritchard, 30, Hamilton-street, was charged with an aggravated assault on his wife the previous Saturday afternoon. Mr. J. Lyon Whittle peosecuted and Mr. A. Browne defended the prisoner. Mr. Whittle said on Saturday the 24th February, the prisoner went home and gave his wife 15s. She remonstrated with him and told him that he only gave her 2e. the precious week. His reply was that that was all she would get from him,and he thereupon assaulted her. He knocked her down,pulled her by the hair, and stood upon her, and owing to her being in a pregnant condition at the time, did her grievous harm.—Mrs. Pritchard, wife of the prisoner, _gave evidence of the assault and admitted throwing two stones at the prisoner.—Mr. Browne, for the defence, spoke of the prisoner's previous gGod character, of the complainant's aggravation of him by her habits, and his intention to separate from her.—Dr. Jack gave evidence of the wounds, which in his opinion were the result of kicking. The magistrates committed the prisoner to gaol for 14 days' hard labour, and granted a separation order, the prisoner to contribute 15s. per week towards his wife's and childrens' maintenance.

ARRESTING A MAN WITHOUT A WARRANT. At the Warrington Borough Court, on Saturday morn- ing; Henry Miller was charg, d with neglecting to main- tain his wife. Mr. Basil Shearer prosecuted on behalf. of the Warrington Guardians, and Mr. A. Browne repre- sented the defendant. Mr. Browne asked for the warrant—Mr. Shearer said there had been no warrant taken out in that case. It had been customary when they thought a man was likely to leave the town to apprehend him at once without a warrant. The pris- oner was apprehended the previous night.—Mr.Brwne referred to a case, Honey v. Rogers, in which it was stated that a constable was not justified in apprehend- , ing a man on such a charge without having a warrant in his possession. The defendant was therefore illegally in custody, and the Guardians were responsible for damages. The magistrates dismissed the prisoner. Mr. Shearer then handed a warrant to the magistrates to be signed and this having been done, Inspector Bowen read it over to Mr. Miller who had not left the box, and the case was proceeded with. Mr. Shearer stated that the prisoner had neglected to maintain his wife and child for three weeks, and she had had to go to her relatives. He had left his employment and had Fold the furnil:ure, and had about 210 in hit; possession. Mr. Browne Con- tended that his client had no intention of running away and had not had an opportunity of seeing his wife since he received the results of the sale. An amicable arra/we merit was afterwards come to between the two parties and Mr. Shearer asked to withdraw the case. In dis- missing the case, the Chairman (Mr. John Burgess) said he thought no exception should he trade in future with regard to persons arrested on behalf of the Guardians. He was of the opinion that the prisoner ought not to --tave been locked up.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0077.txt | included=true | included =====
MINOR CASES.

WARRINGTON BOROUGH POLICE COURT. MONDAY.—Before Mr. F. Monks (chairman) Aldermen Harrison and Francomb, and Messrs. J. W. Hayward and S. Wright, A SAD CASE.—Kate Devany, a girl only twelve years of age, was charged with stealing from the stall of Joseph Frisby, or knowing to have teen stolen, a pair of boots valued 3s. 6d. From the Chief fonstable's state- ment it appeared that the girl went into the " Tower " to pledge the boots, and on being questioned by Mr. Dalton, the manager, she ran away. Mr. Dalton fol- lowed her and caught her in Mer Fey-street. A constable .14-as sent for, and she then said that an old woman in Scotland-road had sent her to the shop to pledge than. P.C. Corcoran took her to the police station and then went out to find the owner of the boots. They were identified by Mr. Isaac Bowers, manager for Mr. Frisby. The girl was then charged with stealing or receiving the boots in question, knowing them to have been stolen,but she denied the charge.—lsaac Bowers. Mr. Dalton, and P.C.Corcoran gave evidence in corroboration. P.S.Row- bottom said that he had visited the house of the girl's father, and found that her mother had left home some years ago, and was living with another man. The girl was very much neglected, and she was in a filthy condi- tion when caught on Saturday night. Her father also was cohabiting with a woman.—Th, magistrates were of opinion that the girl should be sent to some home as there was evidently nothing but ruin before her if she remained where she at present was. It being necessary to ask the father's permission. the magistrates asked the father if he was willing to have his daughter sent to a home where she could be cared for, but he said he was not. After a short consultation, Mr. Monks said tie magistrates had decided to give the girl the benefit of the doubt, but if there had been any possibility of tak- ing her out of her father's hands, they would gladly have done so, as they were convinced that the girl would be ruined. He could promise her father that the police would have their eyes upon him.—The father hereupon promised that he would send the girl to a friend of his. TEmponAny AUTHORITY.—WiIIiam Green was granted temporary auttiortty to sell in-- the " Shakespeare," in lieu of Mrs. Young. TIIESDAY.—Before Mr.E.J.Guest (chairman), and Mr. J. H. Fleming. Tirana-N.—John Morris,an ironworker,living in Stan- ley-st., was charged with using threats to Mrs. Hart, in July 1892. Mr. P. Davies prosecuted. He stated that the complainant lived at 4, Stanley-st., near to the defendant's house. The threats were used during a dis- turbance at Friars Green in July 1892. The complainant was so afraid of the defendant that she then applied to the magistrates for a summons against him which was granted. The defendant, his wife, and family however left the town, and nothing was heard of him until the previous Saturday. Evidence as to the nature of the threats used were given by the complainant and her hus- band, and Mrs. Collins, 10, Stanley-St. The magistrates bound the defendant over to keep the peace for six months in a surety of £5, and to pay the costs, or in default to go to prison for fourteen days. ASSAULT.—James Carlisle, butcher, was charged with being drunk and disorderly in Naylor-st., and further charged with assaulting Arthur Meakin. The complain- ant stated that he was going home the previous night, and when opposite Naylor-st., the defendant without any provocation struck him a blow in the mouth. P.C. Forster then came up, and the defendant in the officer's presence again struck Meakin. He was locked up. The magistrates fined the defendant 53. and costs, or seven 4,aya' imprisonment. 'WEDNESDAY.—Before Mr. John Fairclough (chairman), and Mr. John Geddes. WANTED ELsEWILERE.—John Gratt,a middle-aged man was charged with having wounded a police constable at Durham on the 11th February 1893. The prisoner was arrested in Warrington the previous day by Inspector Spinks and D.S. Monaghan. The magistrates handed him over to the Durham police. ComMITTED FOR" ONE CLOWT."—Llenry Welsh was charged with having on the sth March assaulted and beaten Mary Welsh, his wife. The complainant stated that she was asleep upstairs on the night of the sth inst. when the prisoner came to her and asked her for a penny She refused to give him one, and he thereupon struck

her in the face causing her nose to bleed. He also pulled her by her hair and dragged her down. Sergeant Chant- lee gave evidence as to arresting the prisoner. In reply to the charge he said "I only gave her one clowt." He was committed to gaol for one month hard labour. TEMPORARY AnntortiTy.—Mr. Jenks, late occupier of the Green Man public house applied for temporary authority,to sell at the Albion Hotel, Battersby-lane. No objection was raised by the police and the application was granted. A DESERTER.—IIenry Birchall was charged with being a deserter from the Ist sub. depot coe,pany Royal Artil- lery stationed at Seaforth. The prisoner attempted to enlist in the South Lancashire regiment when it was found that he was a deserter since 1832. He was sent to Strangeways gaol to await an escort. NEFARIOUS PERSONS.—Rose Ann Macdonald and Min- nie Hartley, pleaded guilty to stealing from the lodging- house of James Macdonald, 3, Hill-st.,a cotton sheet,and Hartley was further charged with stealing from the shop of George Jackson a woman's shawl value 6i. 6J. Thel chief conetable stated that Macdonald came from Liver- pool and Hartley belonged to Bedford Leigh. Both were married women living apart from their husbands, and came out of gaol on the 27th of Feb uary. Constable Barlow saw the prisoners going up Church-st. the pre- vious day and noticed that they were carrying something bulky. They stopped at Jackson's pawnshop; Macdon- ald staying outside and Hartley went to the backway entrance to the pawnshop. P.C. Barlow went to them and they told him that the sheet pawned was their own. They were brought to the police station, and charged with stealing it. Macdonald said Hartley had lent it her to pawn. Hartley however, said she had nothing to do with it. The other prisoner took it off the bed and gave it her to pawn. Macdonald then said to Hartley "What have you taken from that pawnshop and put under your clothes." The shawl produced was found on Hartley and Mr. Jackson identified the shawl as his pro- perty. The magistrates sent the prisoners to gaol for fourteen days hard labour each.—A lad 12 years of age named John Gamble was charged with, and pleaded guilty to, stealing from the works of Edward Connor, Golborne-st., a quantity of horse hair value sixpence. He was ordered to receive six strokes with the bireh rod

THURSDAY.—Before Alderman Sutton (in the chair),Major

Ridgway, arid Mr. James Fairclough. _ FINED FOR DRUNKENNESS.—Peter Walsh and Henry Osborne. SCHOOL CASE3.—The following persons were fined 53. for neglecting to send their children regularly to school: —John Noon, Smitb-street ; James fiennigan, Buckley- street; James Fogg, Rodney-street; and James Sudlow, Rodney-street.—Mr. Riley, school attendance cfficer, prosecuted.

FRlDAY.—Bef@re Alderman Harrison (chairman), Alder- man Wright and Councillor Roberts. TEMPORARY AIITRORITY.—Thomas Mather was granted temporary authority to sell in the "Old Crow," Fennell- street.

A" CONVICTED TlTlEF."—George Connolly, was charged with being a convicted thief found frequentinz Bridge-street, with intent to commit a felony at 12.20 that morning. He was also charged with breaking a closet seat in the cells, doing damage to the extent of 63. The magistrates sent him to gaol fr a month. Upon the decision of the magistrates being given, the prisoner became very violent, expressing his intention of having his revenge upon the policeman when he came out of gaol. When taken to the cells he commenced throwing things about, and necessitated two or three policemen going down to keep him quiet. A FUSTIAN CUTTER'S APPRENTICE.—Catherine Fallon was sentenced to seven days' imprisonment, suspended for 14 days, for not fulfilling her contract with Edwin Mills, fustian cutter. CRUELTY TD A HORSE.—James Cliffe, Buttermarket- street, was fined in the costs on a charge of working his horse which was in an unfit state in Market-street, on Feb. 28th. P.C. Chrimes proved the case. ALLEGED DESERTION.—Miranda Wilson, 33 West-st., summoned her husband, Christopher Wilson, 43 Chorley- st., charging him with deserting her on March 7th, and not contributing to her maintenance.—Mr. A. Browne defended.—The complainant alleged that she left her husband about the above date, and on going to the house again, her husband refused to maintain her, and threa- tened to break her fingers with the poker if she got any- thing to cat. She had been in the Workhouse for a fortnight, and her husband had promised to contribute , to her maintenance in that institution, but she did not wish to be in tbe Workhouse.—Mr. Browne contended that there could be no desertion, as the wife had left the husband. The magistrates were in a dilemma for some time, as they did not consider it right that the wife, should go the Workhouse, and Mr. White, the clerk, up- held Mr. Browne's contention. They ultimately dis- missed the case, and advised the wife to go to the house of her husband and demand shelter. ALLEGED FRAUDULENT REMOVAL OF FUELNITURE.—John Little was summoned at the instance of Joseph Moun- field, junr., for fraudently removing his goods and chat- tels on February 19 in order to avoid distraint for rent. Mr. J. H. Gittens, commission agent, appeared for Mr. Mounfield, and the case was adj)urneci for a month to see if the parties would come to terms.

WARRINGTON couN ry PE'ITY SESSIONS.

IVEDNESDAY.—Before Mr. John White (chairman), sand

111 r. S. R. Arrnitige.

DIZUNKENNESS.—fIenry Taylor, Croft, was fined .105 for this offence.

UNLICENSED Docs.—The following dog owners were fined 7s. 6d., incluc4ing cost.; for having dogs without a license : John Bennett, Poulton ; Elizabeth Hankev, Or- ford ; James Too!e, Warrington ; Henry Wells, Orford ; Joseph Sudlow, Woolston ; William Cox, Poulton; Thos. Leather, Sankey; Edward Hatton, Sankey Bridges; and Daniel Dunn, Sankey Bridges. UNIIIIZZLED DOGS.—For havinr, their dogs unmuzzled the following persons were fined 7s. GA. including costs : —Thomas Finch, Middleton ; Peter Plinston, Burton- wood; Arthur Guy, Sankey Bridges; and James Aitken, Penkctli..

===== 0002601_18940310_art0078.txt | included=false | skipped/gap: fewer than 20 non-control characters after cleanup =====
•1..7

===== 0002601_18940310_art0079.txt | included=true | included =====
'IIT ? WHY? WHY?

Why do you continue to suffer fron Ind es- tion, nervous diseases, chest affection, l'ver comp Lint, impov,rislied blood, or a weakened sy tern which entail ceaseless anxieties and often raskina• pains, when there is at hand a cheap and effective remedy for these ailments in GWILYM QUININE MITERS?

===== 0002601_18940310_art0080.txt | included=true | included =====
WHY?

Why are Gwilym Evan's Quinine Bitters so universally recommended, and the deman.l for them increasing with such unparallelled rapidity ? Simply becauie experiexce proves them to be

" THE BEST REMEDY OF THE AGE."

WHY?

Why are the Quinine Bitters considered "The Perfection of Medicinal Preparations ?"

BECAU:.E. BECAUSE,

I. They are ENTIRVLY VEGETLIILE, and con- tain neither iron nor mercury.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0081.txt | included=true | included =====
BECA.USE

2.—They form a happy combinationof medi- cines hitherto not successfully dispensed. In- deed, the proportions of each ingredie'it must be measured with mathematical accuracy in the manufacture to secure the most effective application of the 9pecial virtues of each. The successful combination of these virtues was an inval%able discovery.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0082.txt | included=true | included =====
BEO.IIISE

3.—The Quinine Pitteri enjoy the confidence of the leading medic,l men in all districts in which they have had a fair and continued trial. Tney are safe and certain.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0083.txt | included=true | included =====
BECAUSE

• QUININE BITTERS AIANUFACTtirdtiG COMPANY.

LIMITED. LLANELLY. SOUTH WALES.

4.—They are superior to any other kind of Bitters prepared. All who buy them say so.

PRICES : Batt lf,s at 2s. 9,1. mid 4. 6t ;may be had from all Chemists, or post free direc from the proprietors—

===== 0002601_18940310_art0084.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN PETTY SESSIONS

MONDAY.—Before Messrs. A. Thomas and F. J. Norman. LICENSE THANSFERS.--Elenry Barnes was granted tem- porary authority to sell intoxicants at the " Shamrock Inn," Mersey-street, lately occupied hy Alfred Barker.— The license of " The Three Crowns," King-street, was likewise transfered from William Marshall to Walter White.

AN UNLICENSED DoG.—George Shaw was fined 54. and costs for keeping a dog without a license on the 17[11 Feb- ruary. Tim Two Ds.—Satruel Sutton was fined 51. and costs for being drunk and disol'derly on the 24th ult. in Bridge- street.—For a like offence on the same day in Brunswick- Street, Ann Corcoran was fined 10s. and costs, 5112 being ad old offf;nder.—John Sefton Ball was also mulcted in a fine of ss. aw.l cost f94' being in a ,simOar condition on the 3rd inst. - - -

OBSTRUCTION.—John Flanazan was fined 53. and costs and Edward O'Flaharty 2s. CL and costs for obstructing the footpath in Brunswick-street on the night of the 25th ult. by loitering there. ALLEGED DRUNKENNESS ON LICENSED PREMISES.— Joseph Shaw was charged with being drunk on the licensed premises of the" Aston Arms Inn," Runcorn,on the evening of the 24th ult.—P.C. Butler proved seeing the defendant leave the house named in a drunken con- dition.—Defendant, who pleaded "Not guilty," denied the assertions of the constable with reference to his con- dition. He admitted going to the publichouse but he was far from being drunk:—ln the absence of corrobora- tive testimony, the magistrates gave defendant the bene- fit of the doubt api dismissed the case. A" SUSPECT."—The Bench granted the issue of a warrant for the apprehension of a man named Martin Gilligan who failed to appear to answer a summons charg- ing him with being in possession of certain articles used for snaring game and with coming from land where he was suspected of having been in search of game. NEGLIGENT PARENTS.—The following persons were fined for not sending their children regularly to scholl : —Henry Cawley. Shaw-street ; Fred Edkins, Stafford- street, (two cases ) ; Thomas Burrows, Cawdor-street ; Samuel Shingler, Fryer-street ; Eliza Dyson, Poole-lane ; Thomas Owen, Surrey-street ; and Thomas Millington (two cases). DISORDERLY CONDUCT.—Matilda Holand, a well- known character, was fined 4Cs. and costs or an alterna- tive of one months' imprisonment for disorderly conduct on the night of the 3rd inst.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0085.txt | included=true | included =====
WIDNES POLICE COURT.

MONDAY.—Before Mr. J. Burchall and Councillor W. W. Gossage. DRUNKENNESS. Mary Burns, Margaret-st. ; James Potter, Hutchinson-st. ; John Mitchell, Walmsley-street ; Henry Ha!sail, Marsh-st. ; and Nicholas Tearonan, Terrace-road were each fined for drunkenness.

ALLEGED THEFT OF ROPE.—Richard Draper,of no fixed abode, and Thomas Parkes, af Cholmonaeley-place,ltun- corn, were againrcharged on remand with having stolen a quantity of old rope, valued at 65., the pro- perty of the United Alkali Co., as already reported in these columns. The defendants pleaded not guilty. The Bench remarked that the case was surrounded by sus- picipn, but they had decided to give the defendants the benefit of the doubt. They were, therefore,discharged. ALLEGED WOUNDING BY A WOMAN.—A married woman named Jane Kelly, of Cromwell-st., was charged with wounding a man named Gordon McKay, on Saturday night. It appears that the two families resided in the same house. About half-past ten on Saturday night McKay returned home and a row commenced; whilst he was on the floor prisoner struck him on the head several times with A broken mug, inflicting a serious wound.— Dr. Allen sail he attended the injured man, and found a wound at the back of his head about an inch and a half long. There was also a superficial wound, and th ree large contusions on the head. The man was too weak to appear in court, and on the application of Muperin- tendent Keighley prisoner was remanded until Thurs- day. Bail was refused. A COAL TrttEF.—A negro named George Waihingtou, of Dock-st., was charged with stealing a quantity of coal from the West Bank Dock, on Sunday,the property of Hutchinson's trustees. Defendant pleaded guilty. Two previous convictions were recorded against him,and be was now fined £l, or 14 days in default.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0086.txt | included=true | included =====
THE EXAMINER, SATURDAY, MAECH 10, 1894.

FOOTBALL.

Secretaries of Football Clubs are requested to note that reports of matches played on Saturday must be sent to the head office, Bewsey-street. Warrington, not later than ten o'clock on Wednesday morning.

GEORGE G. BUSSEY and Co. are ieading rankers of Footballs, Hockey, Golf, and requisites for Sports. Games, and Gymnasia. Catalogue may be had on application to the Sports Manufactory, Peckham, London, S.B. BEST < GCB BRAND.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0087.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON YOUNG WOMEN'S CHRISTIAN A SSOCIATION.

A SUCCESSFUL CONCERT.

There was a good audience at the amateur con- cert given under the auspices of the Warrington Young Women's Christian Association held in the. Co-operative Hall, Sankoy-st., on Tuesday evening. The Association has been in existence in Warrington for about four years, and meetings are held in the Young Men's Christian Association Rooms every Friday night. Miss Pierpoint is president of the Association,•and Miss B. Dutton is hon. sec. Thvoncert on Puesday evening was in aid of the Association, and also to make it more ' generally known. Tie chair was occupied by the Roy. Podmoro Clark, curate of Daresbury. The vocalists were Miss E. fluhi-Nowermbe, 4cliss Maddock, Mr. Field- house, and the Latchford Quartette party, and all sang in such good style as to secure hearty roceptioas. Miss Newcombe's two songs were " Casta Diva" (Norma),and "Lo hear the gentle Lark." Both songs were exceed- ingly well sung and the audience showed their apprecia- tion b; emphatic applause on each occasion. She com- plied with both recalls, and still further delighted the audience. " Lkimare " was Miss Maddock's host effort and she received a well deserved encore. Miss Maddock also sang with Mr.Fieldhouse in the duet "Noontide heat has long passed over." Both " The Star of the Desert " and " 'The Admiral's Boom," were well suited to Mr. Fieldhouse's style and he did full justice to them. The Latchford Quartette Party contributed three glees,and in the one "Johnny Schmoker " in response to an enthusias- tic recall thry sang "As the moments roll." A feature at this concert was the performance of Romberg's "Toy Symphony "by a number of instrumentalists under the conductorship of Mr. Atkin. A number of the instru- mentalists, if such they can be called, consisted of toys used by children. • The effec':, produced,however, was in no way inhartnonius, and received duo appreciation from the audience. Those who took part in it were the Misses Smith, the Misses F4ircluugh. the Misses Nunner- ley, Dr. Reg,. Smith, Captain Dutton Fairclough, Mr. Leonard Smith, and several others. The instrumental part of the programme was also well sustained by the contribution or two violin solos and a pianoforte solo. Miss Guest played " Air Melodieux "on the violin, and Miss Jobb Nurinerley also contributed a violin sole, for , which she received an encore. Miss Dutton received a , similar compliment for her pianoforte solo.

The CHAIRMAN during a short interval made a few remarks. He said the reason he had come was not be- cause lee belonged, or had any connection with the Association, but because Miss Dutton lived in hi 3 parish an was a personal friend of his, and when she called upon him to take the chair he was very glad that he had. a free evening. Miss Dutton was one et those who deserved all the support she could get. (Applause.) Therefore he was very pleased, to do what little he could to help her in her grand work in connection with that Association. From a conversation with Miss Dutton he understood that the chief object she had in view in get- tine up that concert was to make it an advertisement for the Young Women's Christian Association as well as to raise funds. By bringing together a number of men and women they were able to bring prominently before them the Association for their sympathy and their help. From a paper Miss Dutton gave him he found that there were in the Young Women's Christian Association 100,000 young women, scattered throughout the northern part of England. He also noticed that in connection with the Association in many of the large towns they had capital institutes, where they had various instruc- tion and bright and happy evenings. In Warrington so far they could not point to any building which bore the name of the Warrington Young Women's Christian Asso- ciation, but still great things had smell beginnings. Though that Association had been at work in Warring- ton for four years, there was no reason why in another four years they might not have their ewn building for their Association. (Applause.) He might just tell them what the object of the association was. In the old days people seldom left the town or village where they were brought up. It was rather a thing new for people to go beyond thePr own village or towra. The result was than people went north, south, east and west, where they were perfect strangers. A young woman, belonging to the Association, when leaving home for another town, went with a recommendation from the local secretary and thus was introduced to pleasant companions at the Association there. Not only did she :min friends but she was able to spend a pleasant evening- in instruction or recreation. Here in Warrington through the want of helpers Miss Dutton was only able to have one class a week, viz : A bible class one week, and a working class or social class the other week ; but if some ladies would come forward and help there was no reasen why they should not he held every night. (Applause.) The rev. gentlemen concluded with an earnest appeal for the ladies to come forward and help in the work.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0088.txt | included=true | included =====
WARRINGTON AND THE PARISH COUNCILS BILL.

At the fortnightly meeting of the Warrington Board of Guardians held on Wednesday (Mr. G. Ratcliffe in the chair), the CLERK (Mr. J. C. Sutton, C.C.), said he had received a communication from Mr. Hulton, clerk to the Lancashire County Council, calling attention to some of the effects of the Parish Coun- cils Bill,which was practically passed .Ono of these would be the division into wards of all townships with 1,000 or more inhabitants, for the purpose of appointing Parish Councils, and further stating that it would be necessary to do this before the Ist of July next. Some of the town- ships which would require thus dividing were Rixton, Burtonwood and Penketh.He could not say exactly what effect the Bill would have upon the Board of Guardians. one thing bewever,was certain and that was that instead of coming out in April next year the members of the Board will come out in November. Instead of being then returned for the township of Warrington they would be nturned from certain wards, just as the members oi the Town Council were, and the wards would no doubt be the same as the municipal wards, except that there would be one extra for the extra-municipal wards. There would be many importmt matters to decide, however, one of which would be whether Latchford should remain attached to the Rural Authority of Warrington or go to Runcorn, or be a separate authority itself. He thought that the wiser thing to do would be to anpoint a committee to consider the various effects the Bill would have upon them. Ile bad also received a circular from the Local Govern- ment Board of which the following is a copy.— Local Government Board, Whitehall, S.W., March 5. Sir,—l am directed by the Local Government Board to draw attention to the provisions of the Local Govern- ment Act, 1894, which has this day received the Royal Assent, in so far as they affect the election of guardians and members of urban sanitary authorities duriog the present year. Under the Act, urban and rural district councils will take the place of urban and rural sanitary authorities, and parishes in any rural district will be represented on the board of guardians by the persons elected as rural district councillors, guardians as such being only elected in parishes in urban districts. The first elections under the Act of guardians and district councillors will be held on the Bth November next or on such later date or dates in the year 1894 as the board may fix, and the persons elected will come into office on the second Thursday next after their election, or such other day not more than seven days earlier or later as may be fixed by or in pursuance of rules made by the board in relation to their election. Upon the day on which the first guardians and urban or rural district councillors elected under the Act come into office, the rural t sanitary t ar y membersauth oorfi t iboards l of e aguardiansto d or urban n who or ; but until that day the persons who are at the passing of the Act were guardians or members of urban sanitary authorities for districts other than boroughs will continue in office notwithstanding any want of qualification, as i the term of office for which they were elected expire/on that day, and except for the purpose of filling casual vacancies, or of electing additional guardians, where the number is in- creased. no further elections will be held. Hence, the guardians and members of urban sanitary authorities who would have gone out of office in April next but for the passing of the Act, will continue in office until November, and will then retire, and the elections which would otherwise have been held in April will not take place. No further steps therefore, should be taken with a view to any such election.—l am, &c., Huou OWEN, secretary." After a short discussion it was decided to appoint a committee, to consider with the Clerk, the effects of the Bill upon the Warrington Union. •

LYMM.

LOCAL BOARD.—The monthly meeting of the above Authority was held on Tuesday evening, when the fol- lowing were present—Messrs. J. Gregson (chairman), J. Holt, Whitelegge, Mclntyre, Appleton, E. Holt, and Mr. Ridgway (law clerk). The Law Clerk announced that as the Parish Councils Bill had passed the House of Lords there would he no election until November. Ihe Clerk had received a letter notifying this.—The Clerk also re- ported that Mr. Ridgway's term of office as a governor of the Lymm Grammar School had expired, and it would be necessary to fill the vacancy. The Chairman proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Ridgway for his past services. Mr. Holt seconded the motion, and on it being carried proposed that the Board should re-elect Mr. Ridgway. It gave him much pleasure to propose hlr.Ridgway,as he titemOats na one was better fitted for the post. (Hear, hear.) The Chairman seconded,and the motion was car- ried.—Mr. Ridgway said he was much obliged to the Board for re-electing him. It was an appointment of which he felt proud, but apart from that he was always nleased to he of service to the Board. (Hear, hear.)— Mr. Mort and Mr. Bailey submitted their reports, and Dr. Fox, medic() officer, also read his annual report, after passing which the Board went into committee.

The Medic2Z Annua' advises Practitioners to remember ant whfn recommeedin4 Coccus as food and beverage for :nvalids, the name CADBURY on anylpacket of Cocoa is a guarantee of pur.ty.—Airt.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0089.txt | included=true | included =====
RUGBY. WARRINGTON V. BARROW.

The first team are indeed enjoying a holiday season The majority of their recent engagements have been played away from home, and under circumstances more or Ines pleasant. In cases where blizzards have thrust themselves in—like last week—the pleasure has of course been "less." On Saturday the team journeyed to Bar- row to meet the premier team of the town in the Lan- cashire Cup Competition. Barrow are certainly an example of what Dame Fortune can do with a club's prospects, no matter what ability the said club may possess. This club of the north seems to have been con- spicuously unfortunate and judging from the displays which they have given in both their fixtures with Warring- ton they appear to be occupying a false position on the statistical table of the competition. Their open,and at all times scientific play, has earned for them the admira- tion of footballers all over the county, who regret for the most part their undignified position so near the bottom of the table. Warrington were without the aid of Broady, James Bates, Buckley, and Jolley, whilst Bar- row had their best team on the field. The teams were of the following composition :—F. Ileesom, back; F. I Barber, C. Potts, P. Carey, and J. T. Massey, three- quarters ; J. W. Evans and John Bate (captain), helf- backs ; Fair. Turner, W. Handles, G. Dakin, J. Taylor, E. Bailey, J. T. Thorniley, J. Berry, and W. Nevins, forwards. Barrow : A. Harley, back; Bell, Dickinson, Carter, and Popplewell, three-quarters; Marshall and Chapman, half tsacks ; Greaves, Gird wood, Bowiter, Sat- terthwaite, Sharpe, Weatherall, I,Voodhouse, and Strongi- tharm, forwards. Barrow pressed Warringten on their lines in the first few minutes, but a sturdy rush of the Warrington forwards soon relieved. The home forwards then sot the ball away in a loose dribble, but they were too eager and over-ran it. Barber then gave his side some fine assistance, after which Turner got possession from a line-cut, and made tracks for the Barrow lines. Dickinson afterwards kicked to .Heesom, and following up, secured his man. Barrow still held the advantage, I Marshall dribbling to the NVarrington back, who saved I well and punted cleverly into touch. The lisme halves were penalised, and Fair Turner had a long shy at goal, which enabled Marshall to make a sprint down the right wing, and putting his men on side the Barrow forwards went away with a rush, Woodhouse being prevented from scoring by the good defensive abilities of Heesom. Evans helped his side out of the difficulty, and passing to Massey, the latter got the ball to half-way. Smart kicking was indulged in by both sets of backs, atter which Chapman made an atterapt to score but was un- successful. The Warrington f )rwards had the -best of the scrummages, and Taylor was only held by Harley just in time on the line. From the pack Evans passed to Potts, who exchanged to 'Massey, the latter getting over the coveted line. Girdwood put in sterling work, and Potts was cautioned by the referee for an unfair tackle of Greaves. Warrington got again into the Barrow 25, a gigantic punt to halfway by Harley sending them back, after which the whistle went for the interval. The game on resuming became rather desultory owing to the fre- quent scrummasses. At length it was relieved by Topple- well, who took the advantage of a kick across the field, ' and, getting hold of the ball, ran splendidly to the War- rington 25. Evans ultimately raised the siege by judi- cious kicks into touch. Getting the ball at their toes, the Barrow forwards bombarded Fleesom, and he was obliged to kick over his own line to save. Wheeling the scrummages, the wire-pullers obtained only temporary relief, as Greaves dribbled nicely and took the tall over the line. He, however, kicked too hard, and Massey sent the ball dead. Warrington then pressed, until Popplewell took the ball finely from Dickinson and ran. into, his opponents' quarters. Thrice in quick succession did he gather the ball splendidly and rushed for the line, but he could not get past the defence. Carey then slsowed his ability in handing off. and with the play at halfway the whistle sounded, with the seers Warring- ton, 1 try ; Barrow, nothing.

WARRINGTON A v. STOCKPORT A.—Played at Warring- ton on Saturday. The opening was in favour of Stock- port, but Warrington relieved, and Raybould getting possession, ran splendidly into the visitors' 25, but hesi- titing at a critical moment, lost a fine cpportunity of scoring. Warrington held the advantage for some time, Holmes, Houghton, Burrows, and Hampson being pro- minent. This was followed by a grand bit of passing and re-passing between Clark. Gibson and Lawless, but Suteliffe coming round saved in nick of time. Clark put in a couple of grand kickg, fro:n one of which Hough`on floored Cioodall con the line. Stockport now livened up considerably, dribbling to half-way, and some smart passing amongst their backs ended in the leather finding a resting-place near the Warrington line. Whilst the play was raging in this vicinity, a fQolisli pass by one of the home backs let in Sutcliffe, who scored far out. Stockport then kept play inside their opponents' quar- ters, and eventually Warrington found relief in a free kick, which was enhanced as Wilcock. Fairhurst,Holrries arid Burrows led a rush into the Stockport, lines. Then Lawless got away, but the pass was wide and the chance lost, and half-time arrived with th- visitors leading by a try. In the second half play was fast and vigorous, but no further scoring was done. • WIDNES V. LANCASTER. —This return match was played at Lancaster, in glorious weather, before 1,000 specta- tors. Widnes were sh ort of. Kenyon and Fraser, whose places were filled by Darbyshire and Grake, but Lancas- ter played their selected team. Barber started at 3.10 against the wind. A fine passing movement ended in Cowell scoring for Lancaster, but the g cal kick failed. Directly afterwards the homesters were awarded a free kick, from which Gibson kicked a goal. Widnes then pressed, but Leake eventually cleared with a huge punt, and another rush ended in Thompson ecading-Ilrennan and scoring another try, Gibson landing a goal. A warm attack on the Lancaster lines ensued, hut without result. Half time scor e :—Lancaster 2 goals 1 try, Widnes nil. The second half was much more evenly contested, each team scoring once. Final result :—Lancaster 3 goals 1 try, Widnes 1 try. WAR RINGTON EXCELSIOR.? V. CHESTER COLLEGE —The return match between the=e clubs took place at the Col- loge grounds. Chester. Warrington Excelsiors being ieletnrs of a pleasant game by four goals, one try, to Chester College, one goal. WIDNES A "V. ST. ANN'S PARISH CHURCH.—These teams encountered each other at Widnes on Saturday. The game was very evenly contested, but finally the home team ran out winners. Scores :—Widnes 2 tries, St. Ann's 1 try.

ST. PETER'S V. LATCTIFORD RANGERS.—PIayed on the ground of the Rangers on Saturday, and rcsulted in a win St. Peter's by one goal three tries to nil.

ASSOCIATION.

PENKETII V. WARRINGTON BASEBALL.—This return match was played on the ground of the latter; Gorsey- lane, on Saturday. Wilkinson kicked off for the visitors against a strong wind, and soon made tracks for the home goal. Parson spoiled his chance by shooting over. Even play followed. The visitors forced a corner, and Lewis placed well in goal mouth, and Bowyer headed through. The visitors pressed for a while. The home team then invaded, and the visit.rs goal was in danper. Bowyer cleared with a huge kick, and pretty play by the visitors' right enabled Bowyer to score a second goal. The home team again got in dangerous quarters, but Higham relieved. The visitors' left made headway and W. Parson scored. Half time arrived with the visitors leading by three g-als to nil. In the second half play was of a more even character. Final result : Penketh, four goals ; Baseball, one goal.

RUNCORN V. ORFORD CRESCENT.—TIIC return match was played at Runcorn on Saturday. The Crescent started against wind and sun. The game during the first half was very even, two goals falling to the lot of Runcorn and one to the visitors. On the change of ends Whiteman with his invaders soon made tracks for the Runcorn goal, where play waged very fierce for some time until Mason again did the needful by a beauty. Thompson shortly after followed suit by a long quick shot. Several corners fell to the lot of the visit Ors, but they lacked the dash so needful to score from a well. placed corner kick. Harrison, who had been playing a splendid game at half-back, now fell back to give place to Dutton, who soon sent the ball to the goal, where it struck the cross-bar, and was finally cleared by Carter. The Runcorn custodian. Both teams played fine foot- ball. On the Whistle sounding the Runcorn team retired beaten by 3 goals to 2. ORFORD V. M. J, BENNETT'S TEAl.l.—This match was played at Orford on Saturday. in the presence of a large number of spectators. Mr. Bennett's consisted of the members of the late Padgate team, and therefore a great amount of interest was taken by the residents of both villages in the match. Orford had the assistance of three members of the Barracks' team. The final result was:— Orford, two goals; Padgate, two goals. WIDNES.PARISII CHURCH, V. FARNWORTH C.E.T.S.—A friendly match between these local teams was played at Widnes on Saturday. Final :—Widnes Parish Church 4 goals, Farnworth 1 goal. ST. PETER'S V. HOLY TRINITY.—ThiS match was played on the ground of the former, and resulted in a victory for St. Peters. Result :—St. Peter's, 1 goal ; Holy Trinity nil. E. Gandy scored for St. Peters.

RUPTURE CURED WITHOUT OFERATION.—S. J. Sherman. Hernia 1-pee'sli6t, 64, Chancery-Lane. London; 26, King- street, Manchester and 4, Burlingtork-ehamber., New-street, Birmiugh m. Book on rupture aced evil of trusses, poet free.—Adtt.

TODACCONLSTS commencing" Illustrated guide (post frc,e '1 OBACCONISTS. OUTFI77.:N(s Huston-road. London

===== 0002601_18940310_art0090.txt | included=true | included =====
KILLED BY THE FALLING OF A WALL.

LAMENTABLE CASE AT RUNCORN.

A sad case of sudden death was on Tuesday morning investigated by Mr. J. E. Worsley,coroner, at the Runcorn Police Court, relative to the demise of Sarah Dunning, a girl, 12 years of age, of Back Brunswick—A., Runcorn. At the inquiry the parents of 'the deceased were represented by Mr. Linaker, and Mr. Burton appeared on behalf of Mr. Edleston,War- rington, the owner of the adjoining property.—The evi- dence showed that the girl at about 2.30 in the afternoon of Saturday, was passing an old dilapidated wall between Wilson's-row and Back Brunswick-st., when it fell upon her. The material covered her all over with the excep- tion of her head, and tie result of the accident was that the girl received shock to the system and notwithstand- ing the efforts of Dr. Robinson, she died the same after- noon. The wall mentioned has been considered for some time to be in a dangerous state, and endeavours had been made to strengthen it by means of prups. These, however, had been removed before the accident oc• curred.—The Coroner, after receiving the evidence, said it seemed pretty dear that the wall belonged to the owners of the property in the court. It was in a ruinous condition, and not lit to be in a neighbourhood whore children wore playing. Evidently, the hole in the wall had been used for a "short cut" by persons living in Back Brunswick-st. It was also evident that the wall had been left in a dangerous and neglectful state for some time. There could not, however, be a doubt that the child was trespassing at the time it met with its in- juries,and consequently the owner of the property could not be held responsible for the accident. Something should be done to have the wall demolished.—The jury recorded a verdict of "Accidental death," and expressed the opinion that the wall was in a disgraceful state, and they asked the Coroner to draw the attention of the Com- missioners to its conslition.—The Coroner replied by say- ing that he was quite willing to do so, and expressed his sympathy with the parents in their bereavement.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0091.txt | included=true | included =====
LECTURE AT THE RUNCORN LIBERAL

CLUB.

PEACE OR WAR?

On Wednesday evening the third lecture or the winter session was given in the Liberal Club prem- ises, by Mr. J.W.S.Callie, secretary of the Financial Reform Association, on the subject of " The French Revolution and what it cost us." Mr. B. liniveton took the chair, and the attendance was large, amongst those present being Messrs. William Hand- ley, Norman, R. Posnett, S. Coventry, J. Clarke, A. Riley, T. Wood, Boyle, and Captain J. Le-Couteur.— The Chairman in a short and pithy address in trod uced

The lecturer who prefaced his remarks with an apology for his non-appearance a short time ago. Ihe circum- stance was due to a misunderstanding on his own part, he having mis-read the communication which bore the date of his proposed visit. The French revolutionary war was the greatest war in which this country had ever been engaged, inasmuch as it lasted twenty three years and cost us £831,000,000. It was the chief cause of our tremendous national debt which hung, like a heavy mill-stone, round the necks of the people, and which perhaps would never be wiped out. Not only did it cost I us this enormous amount of money, but the loss of life and the misery it entailed were really appalling. France had to bear the brunt of the war more than any other country, and was almost de-populated by it. More than one hundred years ago the French nation were engaged in a similar struggle to that which the workers of to-day were engaged—a struggle between the workers and the idlers. France had, for a long time before the ttevolution been ruled by kings or ministers. Coercion was the order of the day not only on the part of monarchs bat of high ecclesiastics. The poor people had neither liberty of action,speech,nor thought. Further each of the nobles was a small king on his own estate. Such a condition of things could only be supported by the strong arm of the law, aod the prospect of what would happen under a weak king was not reassuring to the privileged classes. Louis XVI was a weak monarch while his wife, Maria Antoinette was a stong willed woman, and it was in their time that the difficulties of the reign of " privilege " came to a head. The lecturer proceeded with a brief survey of the social condition of the people and asserted that at 4the time of the Revolu- tion France was about twice the size of Grsat Britain. It had a population of a little more than twenty five millions. Of those,l6l- millions were agriculturalists,and millions were engaged in trade or commerce. That proportion was sufficient to show that there must have been something radically wrong; for one agriculturist ought to have been able to produce enough food for himself and five or six others. By there being one food producer to five artizans, and by exchanging the result of their labaurs, each one would, sa to speak, be working one-sixth of his time for a bare subsistence and the remaining five-sixths for comforts and luxuries, which would have meant a condition of comfort for each. But in reality things were very d,fferent. Sir A. Allison had said that sup- posing an acre to be worth £3 2s. 7d., the proportion which went to the king was £1 18s. 4d.; to the landlord 19s. and to the actual tenant ss. 3d. He quoted the above historian owing to his being a Whig and therefore prejudiced against the Revolution. The labourer was only- allowed to keep one-twelfth of his produce. The remaining four-twelfths went to the landlord and seven- twelfths to the king. Consequently the poor peasants had to eke out a miserable existence. Comtort, they had none, and Alien a severe winter came, or there was a bad harvest, many of them died of starvation. The minister of religion only appeared to the peasants as a burden like the landlord, for the clergy owned one-third of the land and the tithes amounted to £5,000,000. The nobility and clergy were exempt from most of the taxation. A poor man could not rise to eminence in either military, civil, or religious life. High positions were reserved for those of high birth. When they compared France of 100 years ago to the Great Britain of to-day they found Many points of resemblance. He compared the condition of the Irish tenantry and the Scotch crofters to that of the French peasants. There was, plenty of provision in Scotland for the sustenance of the people, but the crofters dare not touch it. The condition of the people sometimes in large towns was distressing, for they wanted work but could not get it through the action of the owners of the soil. Mr. Callie also pointed out that the taxation in this coun- try was increased from nine millions to thirty-two mil- lions sterling and that the effect upon the National Debt was to raise it from £237,500,000 to £846,000,000. Speaking of the scenes which took plage during the course of the Revolution lie said that men, who had beentremarkable for their extreme moderation and sen- sibility to suffering were transformed into human fiends Were they to consider the question from a British point of view they would see that they would have been far more advanced towards freedom and civilization had it not been that in plunging into the war with France they allowed the aristocracy to fasten their burdens upon them. Dearly the workers of Britain had had to pay for the false step England took, and surely they would take warning, and from the experience of the past,learn wisdom for the future. The were living in a very simi- lar condition of things just now to those of a century since. Once again the workers were demanding a better share of the products of their labour. The privileged classes in every country knew that the most reliable way to crush reform was a big war. The lecturer also referred to the present demand for the increase of the navy and to the panics on the same question in 1884 and 1888, and stated that the present was a good opportunity to advocate the settlement of international disputes by arbitration. They had already had two examples : the Alabama ' claims and the Behring Sea dispute. Let them endea- vour to abolish war and substitute arbitration, so as to assure their revolution being not one of despotism and violence, but that of peaceful evolution from injustice to justice, from darkness to light, and bring about the prophesy uttered more than 1800 years ago, that they should have " Peace on earth and goodwill .towards men." (Loud applause.) aMr. Crosfield, of Liverpool, deprecated the present agitation for the spending of so much money with a view to increasing the navy, and urged the settlement of dis- putes by arbitration so that the people of the world !night live in harmony and peace, one with another. (Cheers.) The Chairman pointed out that in the United King- dom they only grew three months' supply of food dur- ing the year ; thus we were !dependent upon foreign countries to furnish their requirement s for the remain- ing nine months. This necessitated them to have control of the seas. He appreciated the work of the Peace Society, but in his opinion they had not suggested the proper way to settle disputes that arose between nations. What was the use of England's navy falling behind if those of France, Russia, and other powers did not. If ' there was international arbitration it would be one of the grandest things the world had ever seen. Mr. Callie said that thd Society did not ask for impos- sibilities. What they found fault with as members of the Peace Society, was that Government after Govern- ment came in and went out without making any effort to settle disputes by arbitration. The only. cases where this had been done were the Alabama claims, and the Behring Sea Fisheries, and when the historian recorded the history-of the present country, it would be shown' that the greatest deeds dine by Mr. Gladstone would be those in which it had been stated, that he humbled him- self by trying to place right in the place of might. He had laid a noble foundation, and if other Governments would follow up the work, they would find a disappear- ance of the miserable and fearful records of war. (Ap- plause.) On the proposition of Mr. Posnett, seconded by the Chairman, a cordial vote of thanks was passed to the Lecturer, who in acknowledging the compliment pro- posed a similar motion to Mr. Kniveton, for so ably pre- siding. Mr. Lewis seconded, and the proceedings ter- minated, Mr. Kniveton expressing a hope that it would, be again their pleasure to listen to Mr. Cattle during the course of the winter session.

RUNCORN SCIENCE AND ART CLASSES.

ENCOURAGING REPORT.

At the monthly meeting of the Runcorn School Board held in the Town Hall, on Tuesday evening, the Clerk presented the second annual report of the Science and Art Committee which shows that the Science and Art classes have during the present session, been marked by considerable progress,both in number of classes and students attending them. The pupils during the session of 1892-3 numbered 221, but during the session of 18934 this number has been raised to 263. Beneficial changes have been made in the teach- ing staff and in the time alloted to the various subjects. The students also had the full benefit of the excellent collection of apparatus which has been provided for the use of the classes. The attendance was better than in the previous year, and there would have been a larger number sitting for examination but for . the fact that some pupils left the town. The following is a list of the students, showing the certificates gained.—Geometry, Second 1, G. Moss, Charles Edwards. Building Construction, advanced let, Harry Turton ; advanced 2nd, John Speakman, John Hudson ; elementary pass, Harold Davies, William Sillis, Walter Wiswall. Machine Construction, elementary pass, William Bankes, James Seel, George Williamson, Walter Gibbons: advanced 2nd, John A. Bate, John Wilson ; advanced Ist, Reginald Timmins, Edward Har- rington, E. Timmins. Physiography, elementary pass, Mary Hayton, Thomas Coo-lc, Charles Edwards, William Richards, Jessie Ashbrook, Robert Bowyer, Francis Spre.•ton. Chemistry, theoretical, elementary pass,Ellem Crowther, Thomas Jones, William H. Richards, Thomas Buxton; advanced 2nd, John Molyneux. Magnetism and Electricity, elementary pass, Edward Flarringten, John Molyneux, Ellen Crowther, Elizabeth Crosby. Applied Mechanics, elementary pass, Edward Harring- ton. Freehand Drawing, 2nd grade, Walter Howard 2nd class, Harry Crowther 2nd class. Model drawing, John Beck, lit class ; Fred Upton, Ist class. Shading from Cast, elementary stage, William Kerman, 2nd class ; John Beck, 2nd class.— This is the first session to feel the abolition of the 2nd class pass in the elementary stage of science subjects. When it is considered that in the previous session, out of 43 students, 20 gained this certificate, it will be readily understood why the numercial results this ses- sion show a falling off, nut considering the higher standard of attainment, the number of passes gained is on the whole very satisfactory. There is room for im- provement in several subjects, and especially in the results of the art class. The committee hope by special attention to weak points to achieve higher results each year. The amount received from the Runcorn Improve- ment Commissioners was £l7O, of which £46 was spent in apparatus for the classes. The amount of grant earned was £59 183. against £5l 123. in the previous session. Dr. McDougall stated that the Committee were doing their best to encourage the taste for science and art in the town. He hoped their efforts would be attended with great results. They found there were many scholars ready to attend the classes at the earlier parts af the session, but towards the close they dribbled away so that there were scarcely half as many in attendance at the finish as at the opening. This was the difficulty of the committee.—The Chairman expressed the opinion that the Board had done its best to afford technical in- struction as well as art education to the young people of the town and lie thought satisfactory progress had been made.—The report was adopted.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0092.txt | included=true | included =====
RUNCORN RURAL SANITARY AUTHORITY.

On Tuesday the usual fortnightly meeting of the above Authority was held in the Workhouse,Dutton, under the presidency of Mr. J.Mclntyre. The vice- chair was occupied by Mr.J.Knowles, and the others present were the Revs.J. W.N.Tanner and J.llanby ; Messrs. J. Brandretb,ll. E. Heywood, J.M.Williaros, W. Harrison, E. Aaron, J. Weir, T. Baxter, CC.; C.T. Whitley, W. Pickering. T. Lewis, A. Broom,E.Jack- eon, J.Ash ton (clerk),G. Ashton (deputy clerk),Far- rington (nuisance inspector), and Dr. Adams (medi- cal officer of health).

ALLEGED POLLUTION OF THE SHIP CANAL.

The Clerk read a letter from Mr. Lionel Welts, in re- ference to the complaint of Mr. Whitworth, secretary of the Ship Canal, regarding the filthy state of the water in the canal at Haystack cutting in December last. Mr. Wells stated in that letter that he had called upon Mr. Whitworth to inquire which of the ,many sewers, whose courses, had been severed by the construction of the canal he referred to. It was then pointed out to him that it was Halton Brook. He visited the outfall on the previous day and found the water flowing into the canal was slightly coloured and there was but little sediment in the cesspool through which it flowed. There was nothing objectionable in the liquid which WP.S very much clearer and cleaner than the water in the Ship Canal. He passed another cesspool which was quite full of deposit,and there were no signs of it evec having been cleaned out. It was agreed that the Ship Canal should clean out all the cesspools,and that the Authority should be put to no expense by reason of the works necessary for the construction of the canal.—The Clerk stated that according to the agreement with the Ship Canal they were bound to clear out the cesspools.—The Chairman: There is no ground for complaint against ourselves. The Canal Company are remiss in the performance of their duties. —Mr. Aaron: They will do nothing unless they are forced.—The Rev. J. Hanby suggested that the clause in the agreement be pointed out to the Company.—The Clerk proposed the sending of a copy of the letter and the reference to the agreement to the Canal Company.— This course was ultimately taken, on the motion of the Rev. J. Hanby, seconded by Mr. Aaron.

PROPOSED APPOINTMENT OF A PORT SANITARY AUTIIORITY.

The Authority received a communication from the Lord Mayor of Manchester regarding the Port Sanitary Authority accompanied by the resolution passed at a preliminary- meetnw,which stated that it was desirable to hold a conference of all the local authorities interested in the matter, as riparian owners, at an early date for the purpose of considerinc, the appointment of a joint Board as a Port Sanitary 'Authority.—The Town Clerk of Liverpool wrote enclosing a copy of the report of the Port Medical Officer upon the question as to the consti- tution of a Port Sanitary Authority for Manchester, Sal- ford and Runcorn. He stated that the medical officer had no means of ascertaining whether the Runcorn Sani- tary Authority desired that the duties of their port should be relegated to the Liverpool Port Sanitary Authority. If this should be their desire, and the Local Government Board deemed such an arrangement desir- able, there could be no objection to those duties being discharged by the Authorities of the Port of Liverpool upon the same terms and conditions as apply to the other riparian authorities abutting upon the Liverpool Port. The officer, however, was of the opinion that it wsuld not be desirable that a joint Board for Runcorn and Liverpool should be established.—This matter was:re- ferred to a committee previously appointed.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0093.txt | included=true | included =====
I-NVITATION BY TliE LORD MAYOR OF LONDON.

The Lord Mayor of London drew the attention of the Authority, by letter, to the Congress in London of the British Institute of Public Health which was the first op- portunity afforded for local authorities to meet together in the metropolis to discuss questions affecting the per- formance of their duties and the difficulties whin con- stantly arose.—The letter was allowed to lie 'upon the table.

MEDICAL OFFICER'S REPORT.

Dr. Adams reported that a case of scarlet fever had occurred in Main-st., Frodsham ; three cases in Overton; and one at "Five Crosses." There %ME also a case of diphtheria in Main-st., Frodsham. There were appar- ently no defective sanitary arrangements, and he had ordered an analysis of the water used in the ,districts. lie had visited the above cases and had issued the us ua sanitary and preventative orders.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0094.txt | included=true | included =====
NOTICE OF MOTION.

Mr. Williams notified the authority that at the next meeting he would move the re-election of Dr. Adams as Medical Officer of Health, at the salary paid hitherto.

INSPECTOR'S REPORT.

The Inspector stated that he had kerved twenty-one

notices upon various owners of property in Weston tP provide a sufficient water supply to prelnise3 owned by them. Ho had also served notices for the abatement of nuisances and provision of water supply to premises irk Kingsley, but these had expired and he rr-qusted nevi' ones as the old ones had not been complied with.—lt wa decided to issue second notices.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0095.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SEAMEN'S INSTITUTE, RUNCORN.

In his annual report on the Runcorn branch of the Mersey Mission to Seamen, Mr. W. Shaw, the local missionary, states that the work of themisEion has been very successful amongst the sailors and watermen. Since the Runcorn docks have been reopened the work of the mission has gone on much as usual. The small mission room at Weston Point has been given up since the opening of the docks ; it has been of immense value to the work, and Nve trust many seamen have been greatly helped by the services held there. We have had some sad acci- dents during the past year, resulting in the deaths of several seamen. We have done all we could to assist relatives and friends, and in man), cases the lunerals started from our church many captains and seamen attending. The balance of debt which remai-ied on the Insti- tute at the beginning of the year ha 3 been wiped off owing to the successful bazaar and donations of friends of the mission. The Runcorn Building Gatrimittae neid their last meeting on the 9th of June, when a vote Of thanks was proposed and carried to the many. friends who had assisted them to build the institute, which has proved such a boon t-s seamen and boat-people visiting the port. We have services on Sunday morn:ng and evening, The holy communion is administered on tbe second Sunday in the month, Canon Maitland Wood or one of his curates taking the service. We are assisted by a staff of volunteer workers,many masters of vss3els helping when in port. A Sunday school for canal boatmen's children is carried on regularly with the help of 14 teachers. There are regular wsek-day services, concerts, magi.° lantern lectures, ace. ; the seamen are visited on their vessels, flats, or beats, and also at their houses in three; of sickness ; 240 letters Lave been written by sailors, and 74 bags of books given away. On the 14th of March ?2 candidates belonging to the Mission were confirmed jo the Parish Church. The different entertainments at Christmas and Whitsuntide were most successful, and we had much blessing during the week of special ser vices. During severe frost at the beginning of the year the canal boat-people suffered greatly, and with the a 4: sistance of some friends we were enabled to give 76 dinners to canal boat children and their parents, for which they were extremely grateful. The amount ob- tained in subscriptions for the branch amounted to £55 145. 21., and the receipts towards the building fulla in the same period were £133 124. 10d , the Pr°- needs of the bazaar being that sum with the exception of 63. 4d.

%T. HELENS BREACH OF PROMISE

CASE. WIDOW AND THE GENERAL DEALER.

ti±t.,,the Manchester Assizes on Tuesday, Mr. Jus- y:6l yaY and a common jury heard the case of Seed kilL,clwell, This was an action for breach of brought, by Mary Seed, a widow, against .nak Caldwell, described as a member of the firm 14: yaldwell and Savage, general dealers, North-road luid l -en th s. Mr. M`Keand appeared for e plaintiff Mr. Little for the defendant. eand said the case was without any of those i:_saents of romance which sometitnea made courts of Cha little mere cheerful. The lady was a widow of ;11,7Z-eight; the gentleman was a widower with a grown 'By profession the lady was a nurse. In that 14`eaV she went to a house at St. Helena, in which 41r8. Andrews, a sister of the defendant. Here the tipentiff and defendant were introduced. Acquaintance att2ecl into friendship, and friendship apparently into a a•'"g affection. In August the defendant asked Mrs. to become his wife. Their acquaintance was then '7:naod she was rather startled ; but he said they lair,both old enough to know their own minds. The ki,f.Niff thereupon consented to the proposal. The vo"adant introduced Mrs. Seed to his partner, Mr. and to others of his trierds. In every case she titzietroduced as his intended wife. The plaintiff all tkilinle represented that he was the chief partner in lko I'M with which he was connected, that he had a ifsrts6 and trap, and that he had a ba!ance at the bank. sat:3l3' was she introduced to his friends, but he in the waY was introduced to hers. The matter went so ~.._t.hat she received a number of wedding presents. She 'wired from the defendant £5 to buy various articles at Liverpool. On the 13th October she received an kamlllinary letter from the sister of the defendant, nithas a result the defendant was himself communicated He wrote in reply :—" Mrs. Seed,—After having ajte Your bad behaviour with my son at my sister's, 4,04,3'9ur lying deceitful work, we do not wish to have ing more to do with you, and if Mr. and Mrs. vliilicer want to know what it is, I will tell them if they °e to St. Helens. Send what belongs to me at C2_and I will send yours by return. Please send for the glass ship you promised ; that is if you pk,„u•nest " There was absolutely no truth in the im- C4:lollco'ntained in the letter, -which he could only be as of a scandalous character. e Plaintiff gave evidence in support of this state- The marrage was to have taken place in the last 147, of November or the first of December. The defen- said he was the sPnior partner in the firm, and that kist'4Cl shares in a ship, which he meant to transfer to 1,1,', She received a letter from Mrs. Andrews referring I. carryings on" with the son of the defendant, and 1k.,`,11g that the defendant did not wish to see her again. ftts:PlY, a letter was written to the defendant asking Sri explanation. "I want an explanation at once," s, Wrote, "it is your duty as a gentleman." Then came 'Vetter read by the learned counsel. th,,tl answer to Mr. Little, the plaintiff said she treated to",_son of the defendant in a kindly way, as she ought :Ll're done under such circumstances. Since this 1)11 was brought she had heard from the defendant's 'iler that the defendant was not a partner, but that Itaa a servant at £1 per week. klefendant was then called. He appeared in a Ikilira jacket, and wore neither collar nor tie. He denied .o.t he was a partner in the firm of Caldwell and Savage. 11; father was the partner. He had no shares in any 1,13. His wages were £1 a week. trh,r• M`Beand handed to the defendant a photograph -ttnself. The defendant admitted that he was much tire handsomely dressed when the photograph was than he was that day. He now had on his working Tes• (Laughter.) Leo. Savage, a partner in the firm of Caldwell and CZage, said the defendant was not connected with that Efis lather. David Caldwell. N.§: QUSTII64I 48 , that of a genetal dealer. Thd gold jatAii,itai !low- rllnachines, and tea, and other things. (Laughter.) 'leas had the managing control .1 a ship, but the rAtildant had no shares in that ship. ‘„ 8 Judge: Who manages your shop while you are ?—The defendant. 4- • a week P—Yes. aAul What does tke father, your partner, do P—Looks the horse. (Laughter.) fitt;"le Judge said there was a clear case of breach of nlise, and not only that, but the plaintiff had been Ittssed with insult and contumely. e jury found for the plaintiff—damages £5O.

EslLldanl

!Prial

===== 0002601_18940310_art0096.txt | included=true | included =====
HALTON.

CHARGE OF PERMITTING Dlt UNE. ENNESS.--' INTERESTING CASE. At the Runcorn Petty Sessions on Monday, before Messrs. A. Thomas and .F.J.Norman, George Leach,land- lord of the "Red Lion Inn," Halton, was charged with permitting drunkenness on his licensed premises on the 23rd February. George Savage, teamsman, of Norton, was charged with being drunk at the Red Lion Inn and with causing an obstruction on the highway by leaving his cart without supervision for an unreasonable time ; and a third person, named David Hughes, was likewise summoned for obstructing the highway near the Red, Lion Inn on the same occasion.—The offences attributeu to Savage and Hughes were admitted, but Mr. Leach pleaded not guilty to the charge preferred against hill and was represented by Mr. Arthur Browne, solicitor,o Warrington.—P.C. John Griffiths, stationed at Prestos Brook, asserted that on the 23rd tilt, he visited the Red Lion Inn, outside of which he saw two carts in obstruc" tive positions. Hearing a noise inside the house be entered the " taproom 'S where he found five men, a glas,, of beer being in front of each man. George Savage ani" David Hughes were both there, the former being apPar- ently drunk. Witness drew the landlord's attention t° the condition of Savage who was then ordered to quit the premises. He attempted to do so but fell twice te. the ground. The officer picked him up, lifted him iot. his cart outside the door and drove him to his own honse' Witness subsequently returned and spoke again to Mr* Leach and said that he should have to report him. Thee landlord expressed his sorrow for what had occurred tAlw stated that he had only served the man with two glass° of beer. He further asked witness to allow the affair t° blow over as it would prove the ruin of his business.' Mr. Browne, in addressing the magistrates for tile defence, said that his client had kept the Rod Lion len for eighteen years and had never had a single convictior! against him during that time. He was now charut with what had really become a very serious offence, th3‘, of permitting drunkenness on his premises. The PO% ecution stated that Savage was drunk on the premise' and that the man Hughes .was with him. He (lt: Browne) did not intend to deny that assertion, but 13. should certainly contend that his client could not see first that Savage was drunk. The two men had bee; ploughing that day for a Mr. Gibson, and in accordanc, with an ancient custom with Cheshire farmers, theY were given at different intervals in the day a quantiti of beer with their food. The night turned out tearfarr. stormy and the eather was cold. The men, with theta cartG, called at tiiie house in the evening and were seri% with a glass of beer each 6mtside the door. After; moment or so had elapsed other men entered the and Hughes and Savage were prevailed upon to go insw:: They did not have any more beer, hut the effect of hot room upon Savage was that just previous to lc, entry of the constable he felt himself go suddenly drueto Mr. Browne held that his client had done nothing permit drunkenness within the meaning of the law, '1."00 in support of this contention quoted the latest deci6.l,o in the Queen's Bench Divisional Court by Just:),e• Mathew and Collins who held that a man could neu.4o convicted of permitting drunkenness on his precok, unless it was shown that he knew the persons said toiovil drunk were so.—George Leach, landlord of the Red lied, Inn, corroborated the statement of his counsel.--AI •ttl, Simpson said he saw Hughes and Savage served v1,.,1,4 only one glass of beer apiece when they were in the "1;0 Lion. When Savage entered the taproom witne.ss see that he was under the influence of liquor but or not drunk.—George Savage and David Hughes als°ltes ported the remarks of Mr. Browne.—The retired to consider their decision and returned into CO id after a few minutes had elapsed. The Chairman 81,431,.. that there seemed to he considerable doubt abluttbey . Leach being guilty of the charge against him and .ge, had decided to dismiss the case against him. SaLitilv however, would be fined ss. and costs for being.,ndleS. and ss. and costs for obstruction. David “"cper would also be fined ss. and costs for obstructing highway.

THE FEES OF CHANCERY BARRISTBRS'

Who would not be a Chancery barrister if the fees r'ireicl in all Chancery cases at all approximate to those lona' jot), on the briefs of counsel in the action The sOt I'loo v. Corbett, which has gone over t ) Tooth)? hope of a settlement? The retaining fees amoultA,ster enormous sum, including, as they do. Sir 1,000 guineas, Mr. Warmiugto”, Q:C., 750 atlinea'n' C. Attorney General 500 guineas. Mr. Cozens-Hardy) '5OO 350 guineas' and Mr. Badcock, one of the juniora4r.j. guineas.. The other junior counsel, includino gr. orn, Briggs, a former member of Parliament forllackb werealso dealt with in a most liberal manner.

thoie " LUDBURY'S VOCOA has, in a remarxeble degree. _au,. aaturiC elements of sustenance which give the systemi c' it a, ance arid hardihood, with a steady argioti th-tt renders in it ae:eptable end reliable beverage."— flefetit.

tic v. lin Jo,

===== 0002601_18940310_art0097.txt | included=true | included =====
k)ISONING CA4I S AT ST. HELENS.

IoitICING OXALIC ACID FOR EPSOM SALTS, tlutit. Saturday Mr. Brighouse held two inquests at Helens Town Hall, on the bodies of Charles tr,'"4l,s ilton, a painter, aged 24 years, of 5 house, 2 Buke-st., and Robert Bickerstaffe, a chemical thalts' labourer, who lodged in Graham-st., Parr, 'Of whom had died from poison.—ln the first tet 'Mrs. Hamilton said her hvsband had been up- itß,4,hd in a rambling state. About three weeks iiip-bile attempted to hang himself, and on Monday beet he drank some eye lotion. On Thursday when beeZeTit to his work his employer said his place had te ot " tiled. At nine o'clock at night he sett her for his , t, . ili4 01', and just as they returned he had a Wineglaos in toisim,abd. He said, " Here gees," and drni.t• it. He eel; 'hem it was carbolic acid, and he had tal'en it be- ?o:veryone was against him. A bottle siNich had flirt lined carbolic acid was found in his pocket.—A yen- ' • %lied. r Suicide whilst temporarily insane" was re- -14 Ih h l'athAt -e second inquiry, the Coroner said the case was Dect;r,,a mysterious one. Bick !rstaffe was a decent res- V,a,s7u'e man, and appeared to have no trouble. He IvorlcliE"d spirits, and jovial, and the last man in the hI3P , they would expect to do anything to himself. It sil•;,'r ed that he went home to his lodgings at six o'clock bteorsday morning. He said to another man named tile 15;:, that he would take adose of salts. He went into Nilli„a-Ox kitchen and returned with something in a cup, be drank. He went back again and washed the hlter, 4ohnost immediately he said he thought he had ttiecc,Pdison, and mixed salt and water himself, and ,Ibtali,;° vomit. He died at half-past six. A post mortem . tliciiViation bad been made, and it appeared that kost-r,ttaffe had died from some kind of poison, but the Iliatic, wYsterious part was that although the police had th l e i every inquiry, they could not trace any psison la *her2ll,BLe, nor that. Bick-erstaff had had any, poison, nor kid iil"la Poison had come from.—Dr. Fred Knowles Itkvou,e Whole post-morten .evidence was strongly in ' 'lXalii; of death from irritant.poisoning, and pointed to ,taier,;" acid as the cause. That was further borne out by - *lll thAs,ecTic and chemical examinations of the contents ' otaii- intestines. The doctor preduced two samples,one leaenleha',6cl and other Epsom salts. Thor bore a striking Nhti-ance, the acid being rather larger crystals. The :Aik 1 Part of an ounce was-sufficient to kill. a man, and 11:beer-Zee pf salts was generally taken as a dose. The 'Lhirt;' Showed that deaths occurred on an average 4cljou'' thiuntes after taking oxalic acid. The case was - . )11 "ed• b r 14 • ' 44a.lif -rlghouse, county coroner, at the St. Helens Town tiek;,°,l Tuesday, resumed the inquiry into the death of 21 dataffe on Thursday morning last from the effects qad 1,-:jug 'oxalic acid in mistake for Epsom salts. It It h 5 0 ,-..-- rl suggested that deceased might have obtained AlkaFano acid from Mr. All Bryde's works mf the United 'clioni C°lnpany, where he was employed, and an Ity to-rnrnent had been taken to give the police opportun- keel r itirther inquiry into the matter.—Inspector Wm. bad : said he had made full inquiries at the works, and ' Ave otertained that the laboratory was locked up from . No o„el°01 each night to nine o'clock the next morning. vzas 4 Was allowed to enter during the night and no one hem, ,•,,c7f-'d in during the day except on special busi- berson 4ne place was never unlocked except when some 4t ail th_.was in charge. The police had made inquiries Di °isoo -IT,,,ebemists' shops in the town to see whether any ;a4, t 8 10-7,', been sold, but could only ascertain that the at of Poison was on 2.5 th February, and that was Zue sli,,-suh." No oxalic acid had been sold at any of ',ad sear,! 01 A long time.—The Coroner said the police eentatebed Hanlon's house' but found nothing there Ltler',,,,„Psom salts and Dr. Knowles had certified that l'etiarn,:,re Epsom sa . lts,lie having tasted them.—The jury ',•altiri„-' a verdict that death was due to the effects of 'Alt tEI". 2xalic acid poison in mistake for Epsom salts, kot erf evidence did not show how the oxalic acid was L letit r°l3l where it came. Death was due to misad- ire.

154 t the time of the Ashanti war, Lord Wolseley had to alailt(l,7oat‘wenty-five pounds for every hundred pounds n.s Tritp ni life. ,kat ,p 4 WRITE STAR STEAMER —The White Ole 41,7,5aYal Mail Steamer " which left Belfast on Of March, after taking in coal at Cardiff ,has pro- ',',Lte London to take her place in the Shaw, Sav!ll, ha % "'°ion Company's New Zealand line. The "lonic, qf beenh— undergoing extensive alterations at the hands builders Messrs. Harland and Wolff. She has late'tted with new quadruple expansion engines of the 117 r,s' tYpe.Her Passenger accommodatian has been entire- thi —rranged On the lines of the new twia screw steam- h,l3"Gothic,, belonging to the same owners; and eh e has 113,78.1 Provided with new refrigerating apparatus—Hall's to,Pa—napable EA dealing with 36,000 earcases,and 217 fr,7 af dairy produce, me "lonic "is intended to sail London to New Zealand on the 22nd March. APpc., e glor COCO A.—CI-RAT EFUL AND CO MFORTING.— "By a ciNgh knowledge of the natural laws which govern the hoZationg r.f digestion and nutrit ion and by a careful applica- ills"' Of the tine properties of well-e'lccted CocoA, Mr. Epps gay Provid,:!d for our breakfast and suppet a delicately 4111Queed beverage which may save us many heavy doctorsty ' the he use of such articles of diet that a ion. m gradually built up until strong enough ist every tendency to disease. We may escape many a tei4o4' shaft by keeping ourselves well fortified with pure 14'4zeV a Properly nourished frame."—" Civil Service tta `3lllv e• —Made simply with boiling water or milk.—Sold Pack.ta. by Grocers, lab2lled—" JA3iE3 EPPS & Co., liornmopathic Chemists London."—Also makers of %Iry cotoaine or Cocoa Nib-flxtract ; A thin beverage of b„, avorr. now with many beneficially taking the place of Sold in Warrington by Bowden, Bimford, and Percival. Vt.

WIDNES WoMEN'A LIBERAL ASSOCIA-

TION.

THE RETIREMENT OF MR. GLADSTONE. On Monday night the annual tea and meeting in connection. with the Widnes Division Women's Liberal Association was held in tke Drill Hall,Wid- nes. There was a large attendance. The tables were presided over by the following ladies : Mesdames Brady, Devlin, Flynn, Bridgestock, Sadler, Owens, O'Donnell, Walsh, liodgkinson, McElroy, Ireland, Roberts, Leather, Wharton, Shores, Misses Deacon, tledley, Canavan, Cowley, Young, Foster, Dwyer, Kyle, Morrison, Calvert, Colquitt, Wylie, Johnson, Caldwell, O'Keefe, Wilkinson, Maddison. and Kenrick. The after pro- ceedings were presided over by Mrs. E. Stewart Brown (president oF. the association). The following letter was read from Mr. H. Wade Deacon :—"I am very sorry not to be present this evening at the meeting of the Women's Liberal Association, but, following my doctor's advice I am giving up all evening meetings for a time. Our minds are full of sympathy with Mr. 'Gladstone in the great trouble that has come to him ; and in his retirement from the high office he filled so well he carries with him our warmest wishes for his future welfare. His resigna- tion as soon as he felt physically unfitted to fill his post, is simply the crowning act of the splendid loyalty he has shown to the party he has led so long. To the last he has pointed out the way, and we believe that in Lord Rosebery we have a leader who will follow the path of progress, and guide us on to further victories. I sin- cerely hope that the meeting of the Women's Associa- tion may be as successful as you can desire." Mr. Stuart Deacon moved the re-election of Mrs. E. Stewart rirown as president,also the vice-presidents and other officers, and said he could not help referring to the present political state of affairs. Mr. Gladstone, after so many years' service was compelled to retire, and his place would now be filled by Lord Rosebery. This ap- pointment had been challenged in certain quarters, but he (the speaker) theught it would have been more wise if the challenge had been made more privately. Many were of the opinion that Lord Rosebery would drop the Home Itule Bill. If so,he (the speaker) thought he would lose the vets of every decent Liberal and Radical in the country. (Loud applause.) The motion re-electing the officers was seconded by Miss Handley and carried. Miss Carrie Deacon, hon. secretary, read the annual report, which showed the steady progress the associa- tion was making. The number of members now was 760, and a branch association had been formed at Gars- ton. Mrs. O'Keefe, hon. treasurer, submitted the balance sheet for the year. The year was commenced with a balance in hand of £26 9s. 11d.,and closed with a credit balance of £34 15s. 3d.—The reports were adopted, on the motion of Mrs. Williams and Mrs. Fairclough. Mrs. Stewart Brown returned thanks for re-electing her as president, and in referring to the political crisis said it was with very deep regret they heard of the re- tirement of their beloved and venerable leader. He had retired with a glorious record of work done,and his last speech in the House of Commons made the Parish Coun- cils Bill become law. (Applause.) They could not,how- ever, but regret that Mr. Gladstone had not the satis- faction of accomplishing the task he had set himself to do in regard to Ireland ; but they knew on whom to lay the blame. (Hear, hear.) It was not Mr. Gladstone. The House of Lords had come between him and Ireland. (Hear,hear.) But they believed the Home Rule question was only deferred, and would yet become law. The speaker then made a vigorous appeal to the women of Widnes to take an interest in the association, and thus help on the cause of Liberalism.. Mrs. O'Keefe moved a resolution condemning the House of Lords in opposing measures of reform passed by representatives or the people in the HOUSe Of COT.nt mons. seoonneel thd esohiticn, and said she [hough t the House of Lords required mending, not end- ing.---The motion was carried unanimously. This concluded the kituines.s Qf the meeting. A concert, which was very successiiii, ti.. 3 next proceeded with. Miss Dwyer sang "Darby and Joan," And "Fairly caught," in an excellent manner, and was I'S-Called for the former. Mr. T. Brady sang "True till death," and " in good style, and was encored for the latter. Miss Leatherbarrow was in good voice, and sang "The Carnival," and "The Vale of Arklow," in a pleasing way. Capital renderings of "The little Maid of Arcadee," and" Two is company,"were given by Miss Kenrick.Mra. Hutchinson recited " The Lifeboat,'" (Sims), very effec- tively. Mr. Finn sang the humourous songs " Mulligan's home made pie,"and " I persuaded him,"in a way which delighted the audience, who demanded an encore. At the close of the concert Mr. F. Hartland moved that a vote of thanks be given to Mrs. Stewart Brown for presiding. In referring to the association he said that there was not a measure placed upon the Statute Book of this country which did not either directly or indirectly affect the women.—The motion was carried, and the meeting, which proved very successful, terminated.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0098.txt | included=true | included =====
THE PRUDENTIAL ASSURANCE COMPANY.

Among the various assurance societies, which have sprung into existence during the past half century—and whose benefits to the people are so inestimable—there are nonewhich stand out in such colossal proportions as the Prudential Company. Since its formation forty-five years ago,the company has accumulated a large amount of public confidence—and accordingly support—which, we venture to think, no other company at present in exigence can hope to vie with, at least for many years to come. Nor can this success be attributed—as can the prosperity of some companies—to what is described in fanciful language, as " a favoured turn of fortune's wheel." Therrudential Assurance Coinpany, undoubtedly owes its present im- pregnable position to the soundness of the basis upon which it was built, and to the fairness and unfaltering integrity which is ever present in its transactions. That is how the company has achieved the possession of the universal confidence which now characterises it. This year—as may be seen from an advertisement on our front page—the agents of the company have been mar- vellously successful, in the very face of obstacles of desperate potency, and disappointments of a depressing and disheartening character. From the commencement of the year to its close—over Warrington as elsewhere— there passed a wave of trade depression, and epidemic, which impoverished and pauperised the people by the thousands. Especially in districts like Warrington— which were affected by the great coal strike—were the thrifty habits of the poor wrecked, at least temporarily, and the people often confronted with nothing less for- miclable than starvation. Yet during all this, the com- pany have been able to increase their assets by £2,229,213 making a total of £18,538,865, and to distribute over a million and a half sterling among the poor ! In War- rington and district alone the Prudential Compaty, during that disastrous strike, very generously justified the confidence phced in it by the working classes, by assisting these in need almost as extensively as an insti- tution organized for the purpose could have done. It is well known that for years past the company has issued " free" policies—that is, free from any further payment —to those who, after paying for five years, find them- selves either unable or unwilling to 'keep up the pay- ments. There are now 338,272 such policies in force, of which no less 55,76 t were added during the oast year, the term of five years being in many cases reduced, out of charity ; whilst there were also many hundreds of policy holders assisted by the company to keep up their policies. Out of the total number of " free ' policies no less than 6,424 became cliims during the year. Altogether, out of the 314 millions of people in Great Britain, there are now 10,476,393 assured with the com- pany ; the average duration of the policies—which is very satisfactory—being seven years and a quarter. The number of assured persons who died during the year was 185,003; 102 of that number foundered with the " Victoria " and 72 were victims of the colliery explosion at Thornhill. Among the claims which arose during the year it might be mentioned that one case was that of the late well-known piper`to H.B.H. the Prince of Wales, another was the English fireman who was killed at Chicago Exhibition, and another the unfortunate man who was shot in the Featherstone Riot. In the district of Warrington there is no doubt that last year,the Com- pany gave a great impetus to its own prosperity, by the generous, yet unostentatious manner, in which it unhesitatingly stretched forth the hand of succour to the vast army of needy ones in their hour of distress. At that time the district was under the superintendence of Mr. Lythcroe ; he has since removed to another district, and has been succeeded by Mr. N. Gorton, under whose superintendence there is no doubt the Society will con- tinue to prosper in this neighbourhood. The item in the financial statement of the Company, which is particu- larly worthy ot pointing out, is the increase of the assets for the year by £2,229,213. Everyone must agree that men wha can add two and a quarter millions sterling to the funds of an institution, dealing with the working classes, in such a year as 1893, are worthy of the unstinted confidence of their constituents.

A NEW GAME.—A new game of skill called" Parlour Football " has been invented by Mr. W. B. Lawson, 18, Foyle Terrace, Dublin. Lovers of the game can there- fore play it either in the parlour or on the field. It is modelled much on the lines of Association Football, and is intended for two players. The field is represented by a board which contains seventy-seven squares, three at each end being marked off as goals. The rival teams are represented by pieces, or men, each team being coloured and shaped differently for easier identification. Thelobject of each Player is so to manceuvre the men that they push the ball through his opponent's men, and over either of the three squares which form his goal. The price of the game is is., or is. 3d. post free from the inventor. Tbo; Royal Laundresses say Oritchley's " STARCH GLoSa is unequalled for impartinir a beautiful finish to starched. &c., either cold or boiling water starch. Mr. —, Corn- wall, says :—" My wife will not finish our linen without your "Starch Gloss." From Mrs. —, Bradford : "Dear sir . lam pleased to inform you that I have tried many so-called Starch Glazes and Polishes, but find none equal to yours." It should be used in every house. Bold at id., 3d., and 6d.„by most starch sellers. If not in stock will procure it. T. CRITCHLEY. 131•Ackburn.

A PERFECT CURE WILKINSON'S SPECIAL ELIXIR

===== 0002601_18940310_art0099.txt | included=true | included =====
,y PATENT MACHINERY

CONDITION OF THE COAL TRADE.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0100.txt | included=true | included =====
COLLIERIES ON SHORT-TIME.

THE QUESTION OF SURPLUS LABOUR. In a conversation with a newspaper representa- tive on Wednesday, Mr. T. Glover, miners' agent, said the coal trade of St. Helens appeared to be very dull, and the men were working on an average about feur days a week. He attributed this to the idea which prevailed at the conclusion of the strike that there would be another stoppage in February, and as a consequence increased orders were given, necessitating about six days' work for the men. At some of the collieries a little stacking of coal was going on, and in all probability manufacturers had done some stacking in their yards.- This would find its level, and he did not think' the outlook for the summer was bad. When asked wlaether there were not too many men at work in the pits, Mr. Glover replied that there was no question abou*, that, and it was a very difficult matter to' deal with. When the miners' wages began to advance —and they had advanced about 40 per cent. in five years —there was a rush of unskilled labour to the mines. Men who had had ni experience in coal-getting were taken on, and put to work with skilled men, the only apparent object being that these men would work for less money, and wages would be brought down. There were now about 600,000 miners at work in the country, or about 100,000 more than there ought to be. Anyone could imagine what the effect of such a state of things had been. There might be acme solution to the difficulty in a proposal to insert a clause in the Coal Mines Amend- ment Act to the effect that no man should be allewed to work in a coal mine unless he had commenced work about a mine before he was eighteen years of age. Min- ing was called unskilled labour, but really it ought to be classed as skilled labour. At the present time it did not matter what ago a man was or whether he had been in a mine before, and a clause in the present Act that a man should not get coal unless he had been at work about a mine for two years was almost a dead letter. Mr. Glover does not think there will be any at- tempt to reduce wages this year, as the employers who are members ot the Coalowners' Federation were evi- dently trying to keep prices up. It was, however, Un- fortunate that some masters outside the federation were underselling them. Mr. Woods, M.P., also expresses the decided opinion that far too many men are at work in the mines of the country.

THE Sr. HELENS MURDER TRIAL.—The trial of John Carney, John Leahey, and Frank Riley, for the murder of Police-constable Gordon, at St. Helens on the 13th November, is fixed for Tuesday next, at St. George's Hall, Liverpool. It is stated in St. Helens that a fund is being raised for the defence of the men.

MAGAZINE STATISTICS.—" From "The Newspaper Press Directory" for 1894 we find that there are now pub- lished in the United Kingdom 2,061 Magazines, of which more than 471 are of a decidedly religious character. Comparing 1894 with 1860 (the first year that any com- plete list of magazines was published) we find that in that year there were only 405 of such publications in existence, 162 of which were religious magazines. Al- most every branch of science and thought is represented, and it is curious to note that already the latest cult, Theosophy, has no less than five publicatious devoted to its advocacy."'

:Pitted with Automatil

===== 0002601_18940310_art0101.txt | included=true | included =====
TFIF, EX kiVITNER, SVIURDY M kiln" I") 18"4.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0102.txt | included=true | included =====
R

E

Guaranteed all pure flax. Ladies' size, 2/3. Hemstitched, 2/11 per dozen. Gents' size, 3/6. Hemstitched, 4/11 per down. Ladies' Handkerchiefs, beauti- fully embroidered by the Irish Peasant Girls, 11j- per down. IRISH LINEN COLLARS.

IRISH DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. 2 yards square, 2/11 each. NURSERY DIAPER, all pure flax, 41.(1. per yard. Real Irish Linen SHEETING, fully bleached, 2 yards wide, 1/11 per yard SURPLICB LINEN, yard wide, 7d. per yard. Huckaback TOWELS, 4/6 per dozen.

IRISH DRESS LINENS FOR SUMMER AND EVENING WEAR. ED all Pure Wool. Unsurpassed for strength, Durability, IRISH TWE and Style. Please say if for Ladies' or Gents' wear.

Patterns Fres by Return of Post.

KEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES.

"94, Commercial Road, Peckham, July 12,18,99.

" Dear Sir,—l am a poor hand et expressing my feelings. but 1 should like to thank you. Your lozenges has done wonders in relieving my terrible cough. Since I had the operation of " Tracheotomy "(the same as the late Emperor of Germany. and unlike him, thank God , I am still alive), performed at St. Bartholomew's Hospital, no one conld pos- sibly have had a more violent cough ; it was so bad at times that it quite exhausted me. The mucus, which was very copious and I:srd, has been softened. and I have been able to get rid of it without aifficulty.—l am. air, yours truly, 3. IIILL."

Gents' 4-fold all Pure Linen Collars, 5/6 per dozen; made special to pattern, 6/8 per dozen. White SHIRT, Linen Fittings, 3/9. 4/9, 5/9, and 6/9 each. FISH NAPKINS, 2/6 and 3/6 per dozen. DINNER NAPKLNS, 4/6 and 5/6 per dozen.

la • , ~... , 1(,, .ii:•1 ~,,,, - (5::, ;7,) - , ~,, ) ,t I va .-.....-...........m.-wrws-o. KA 'MOO* f.....: 0

===== 0002601_18940310_art0103.txt | included=true | included =====
UTTERLY UNRIVALLED.

The above speaks for itself. From strict inquiry it appears that the benefit from using Keating's Cough Lozenges is understated. The operation Was a speAally severe one, and was performed by the specialist Dr. H. T. Butlin, of St. Bartholomew's Hospital. since the operation the only means of relief is the use of these Lczenges. t-o successful are they that one affords immediate benefit, althougli from the natnr of the case the throat irritation is intense.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0104.txt | included=true | included =====
WEIGHT IN GOLD.

Under date Sept, 8, Mr. Hill writes : I should long since linve been dead but for your Lozenies they are worth their weight in gold. I will gladly see and tell everyone what a splendid cough remedy they are." • Keating's Lozenges are sold in tins is. 11d. each. The un- rivalled remedy for COUGHS, HOARSEN Ezß,and THROAT TROUBLES.

(F 2. *, 'Y'6--:•'----",-;.;, ~,,, -T..(*.)f-'' . --J-,,)=1?. , -----,----',.r.t,---..- ..,____4::::-. C"-;;'47'""4 I g;l., ~. ~,), , , ti ~,>, J,50 ;IP ''r 1 , cj 0 (,•i ~, 4, ) , '; ~_ ',.,,,,11 --- ri

===== 0002601_18940310_art0105.txt | included=true | included =====
BIN ply ~‘,/, , , . , , ,i, ___-1 J' __- - ._)' _, -S."‘f •.,-, , I ,---,

LITHe ;-)RAF c- ivy

7 :r

===== 0002601_18940310_art0106.txt | included=true | included =====
..., ~. ._ pTLr c 4..; • ,0 , T INT T 1 p a, t_. I 0 .L. 4_ ,1 .11, .14.1.... NT i

MANUFACTURED ONLY AT 78, NEW OXFOR.D STREET, LONDON. And Sold by all Medicine Vendors tle-I'ollooas the World. Advice Gratis, at the above address, daily, between the hours cf 11 and 4, or by letter,

1,..........- ---

Are acknowledged by all to be The Best Medicines for Family Use.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0107.txt | included=true | included =====
coon-FASLY lEDICINE CHEST,

WITH a prudent use, has saved many a life: tit d yet we think the idea might be improved upon and reduced to a more simple form. Take some good compound such as .

COCKLE'S ANTIBIL/OUS PILLS, and we find that the desired end may be obtained without scales and weights, or little mysterious com— partments, and enchanted bottled with crystal stoppers. Others might be used, but

COCKLE'S PILLS, as tested by many thousands of persons, and found to answer their purposes so well, may be set down as the best.—Obsover.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0108.txt | included=true | included =====
epff-It r--11* Cesti P 4 Vi; F.Ma FREE FROM IIfERCURY ; • , 4 Mr, - la

O 1 PURE VEGETABLE INGREDIENTS.

ELLIMAN'S

FOR BILE. LIVER, ACIDITv, INDIGESTION, &c,

EUMATISM. SORE THROAT FROM COLD. STIFFN

: , •

Do YOU SUFFER 1 PONT NEFRALGIA, if so why not try a bottle 0 H. M ASHTON'S' MO AND NEURALOIA MIXTURE? It is a CF.RTAIN CURE. You can &Alin a is. bottle by writing or sending to the only place in Warrington where it is prepared.

SANKEY STREET I IIRMACY 63, SANKEY-STILRET, WARRINGTON

===== 0002601_18940310_art0109.txt | included=true | included =====
IRISH LINENz

IRISH CAMBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS POCKET G

===== 0002601_18940310_art0110.txt | included=true | included =====
-texters to the Obitor.

THE TOWN CLOCK.

Sir,—Owing to the omission of two essential words in my last letter under the ab)ve heading, the second sen- tence quite fails to express the meaning intended; is in fact unintelligible. As printed, line four reads thus: "and how the error of a mecond hand can be detected to -3, sec." It should have been "how the error of a clock ir4thout second hand" &c. By kindly publishing this correction you will oblige,—Yours, &c.,1

===== 0002601_18940310_art0111.txt | included=true | included =====
DESTITUTION IN WASRENCITON.

Sir,—l have been a close observer of events in War- rington for the last 20 years or more. During the coal strike,l took an active part to try to relieve those wham I thought were worthy of it. So far as that strike is concerned, its seriou% resulcs have passed away; hut there is one calamity almost approaching to it as tar as destitution is concerned. I now allude to ne stoppage of the Howley factory,thus throwing out of employment 150 females at least, without any prospect of starting. I very seriouAly ask what is going to be aon, with them ? I understand there was a surplui of -.2150 or more left from the fund collected on behalf of .the coal strike. Cannot this surplus fund be now available for the relief of this large number of people, many of whom I know are starving ? No better use, I feel sure could be made of it.—Yours truly, WILLIAM DIGGLE.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0112.txt | included=true | included =====
THE WARRINGTON CYCLING C;LLT.

Sir,—Your kindly notice in last Saturday's " Examiner "of our programme for th season just epening is Somevvliat incomplete. Ti"ankz to our :;oung and excedent hon. sec. (Mr. Fred Garnett), assisted fly a fairly strong committee, the fixtures already booked excel in variety, interest, and W•nflal exoellence any- thing attempted in past years. In addition to the engagements already noted, special permion has been accorded the club for visiting on Walking Hay, one of the crack steamships of the Cunard line. The grounds and gardens of Tatton Park, Knutsford, and also of Arley Hall will be moat kindly opened to the club on dates already arranged. The fine old church and Hall at Tabley, thanks to the courtesy of H. Hall, Eq., the agent, is also auessible to members ef our club. The South Liverpool, C.C., will fraternize with Us at Winwick. Beautiful and popular Sidding- ton will be our destination on two or three occasions, and several other beauty spa'a never Wore included in our list will be explored.—Yours faithfully, D. DAVIES, captain.

Warrington, March 6th, 1134. "THE POLICE COUI:1 TESTAMENT."

Sir,—From time to time I am called upon to give evidence in our Police Coo- t, and it has often stru3k, me on being sworn that the et py of the Ti-stament offered for your osculation is certainly not as clean as it might be. On Monday last I was a witness- in a case,and had to go through the painful and dangerous ordeal of kis- sing this dirty copy. Now, as I have to appear in the capacity of witness pretty otten,l give the police autho- rities due notice that I will never again kiss their dirty backed copy. For it is not only dangerous, as I have said above, hut it is in a measure disgraceful to all concerned. Now, if our police authorities will deign to learn from one so humble, I would stig,gest a remedy. Why not cover the book with a white ealie,-) cover.vvhiCh could he washed and changed, say every week? I don't think the cost incurred would increase the rates very much,and it is simply monstrous and scandalous to ask any respectable person to kiss a hook which is in such a vile condition. Hoping that Mr. font will see this,and that he will kindly apply the remedy.—Yours, J. C. DALTON. 134 and 136, Bridgr,-st., Warrington. sth March, 1394.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0113.txt | included=true | included =====
EATER VES!RIES.

Sir,—As the season is approaching it behoves all lovers of Gospel truth to attend these meetings which by law all payers of the poor rate are entitled to do so, irres- pective of what Archbishop Benson or Bishop Thorold may think or write. The Church of England is a State establishment,hence every man and woman has a voice in its affairs. Men professing, tm he Protestants and Christians ought to protest against hymns ancient and modern,.Parish Magazine, alibi "Dawn of Dly." Enter your protest against early -celebrations ; they are con- trary to the Scriptures, and the prayer of consecration in the communion offin,-. These Italian imitators now tell us : Only come to 8 a.m. low mass fasting and the rest Of the Sabbath day you can enjoy yourselves,boat- ing,cricketing;or even reading the "Sporth< Chronicle." Enter your protest against the clergy or choir turning their hacks upon you dui ing .ny part of the service. Demand the restoration of evening communion. Never stand during procession of parsons and singers. Who are they? In many cases your own paid servants. It rests with the laity to end or mend the establishmert. A vicar wrote me last month : " I quite agree with you that there is a growing feeling for diseqtablishment. The sooner the better,the bishops think more of the mainten- ance of the corporation of the Church. of England than for the maintenance of the principles of the Reforma- tion."—Yours truly, Frodshana, Match 6, 1894.

ROBERT FOULK ES.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0114.txt | included=true | included =====
THE RIVER AND THE SHIP CANAL.

Sir,—The litigation, reported in the " Examiner," be- tween Messrs. Fairclough and the Canal Company ought, I think, to open the eyes of those interested in the well-being of the borough, as to the danger that exists of the detrimental action of the Canal upon the naviga- tion of the river. I think it must be plain to every thinking person that if, even at this by no means the driest season of the year, the Canal is taking more than its legal allowance of our river water, it will want more than that when the dry season is upon us. A recur- rence of a season like our last dry summer would result in the silting up of the tidal channel above Runcorn. As a silting agent the tide is our enemy, only to be effi- ciently counteracted by the down-scour of natural drain- ago waters. Every gallon of this taken from us is a loss. How will it be when the thrle cOMO—as ColM3 it must sooner or later—when there is not water encugh to supply tN needs of both waterways? Will it be the big city and the canal, or the comparatively little town anti The river, that will have to give way and suffer the loss of water traffic? The big ba.tallion iS the nrin Most favoured by Fate. Messrs. Fairclough in this have been fighting the battle of the town as well as their own, and ought to have whatever of help trid sympathy can be given in this good cause, While it would be a sin—nay worsts a blunder to unduly hamper the Ship Canal Co., the rights and interests of our town must he zealously safe-guarded. The loss of the river as a commercial water-way would be a sad blow to Warrington. Let the siversCommitteelook to ft.—Truly yours.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0115.txt | included=true | included =====
JOHN PEERS.

THE ToWN CLOCK.

Sir,—l should like to assure" F.W.R." that it was in ro spirit of captiousness that I ventured to remark upon his note on above subject. I believe WP are animated by the same desire: to see our town endowed with at least one good public clock. At present the public clocks of Warrington are scarcely worth more than the dignity of being kitchen monitors—something, by which to boil potatoes. There is not a public clock in the town—or a private one either lam afraid—by which Greenwich mean time can be got to within ono seecnd, that is, not to depend upon. Accidents will happen sometimes —for even a standing clock must be right twice every 21. hours.

Your correspondent will not be offended with me if 1 say that, to me, his methods are not such as to promise a very near approximation to the truth. Firstly, he has not a watch that can he trusted to carry he time from the Landing stage to Warrington within 0-2.5 sec., nor,had he got true time so near as that,could he tell the stroke of the hour to so fine a degree. Twenty five hundredths of a second are not to he computed by such rough and ready methods. F.W.R. sneaks of hav- ing no difficulty in noting the time of striking to a quarter of a second (0-25). As this is a feat of horn. logical accuracy of which I am as yet incapable• would he kindly ear more fully how it is done? Again may I suggest that the striking of a clock on ewes so wide apart as 7th, 14'h, 19th, 28th, &c., is no test of accuracy at all. The clock might be right on all these ears, and yet have a wretchedly had rate. It is the clock which has the least daily variation that would be nronminced the best i.e. to have the hest daily rate. In F.W.R.'s table we have no indication of this; nor do we know how often the clock has been altered in the intervals. As to Russell's window clock, that is not horotolicallY perfect. It stands upon its own bottom, which is what no clock aspiring to the dignity of regelator should do. Tubs ought to do this, but not clocks of any pretentions to accuracy. . . _. . - - --

May I suggest the Leigh time signal at 10 p.m. as bettor for F.W.R. than the Birkenhead gun. The signal can be seen from elevated parts of Warrington on clear nights in the N. E. Some 15 or 16 VPq rq non I Fa,' often the pleasure of seeing it from the L.& NW. Railway bridize, Dallam-lane. If the locality is 'la too much built up it may be seen from there now. But after all nature herself provides us with the best regulator any dear night, in the stars, the ultimate appeal for herological aecuranr. And just now we have, perhaps. the best of these in the dog-star (a Canis Majo- ris) southing at 'Warrington this evening (Saturday. March 10th) at about 7h. 37 min. 2 see, and will do so 3 to. 55.915. earlier every night. So that if this star be watched to disappear behind a straight edge through a

pinhole—both being fixed—it will beat even Russell's as a regulator. Sincerely wishing F.W.R. may continue in the go3d work he has begun, I remain, yours truly, HICKOhY DICKORY.

THE SEED PROBLENI: A CORRECTION, A SUGGESTION, AND A CHALLENGE.

Sir,—ln my note of Saturday last, by a slight error, the conditions I attached to the offer I made to " Ben Chayil" were not clearly stated. My proposal is this : " That for the present the subject be adjourned, say until November next. Then, if " Ben Chayil" his own name, re-open the question, I will engale v.) furnish him, and all who think with him in this matter, with such proof of the fallacy of his ci,ntention as shall satisfy the most rigid investigation. That is my correc- tion. The suggestion is—that " Ben Chayil" and Mr. Howell say no more upon this subject at present ; because the more they do say the more of their own words will they have to eat in the autumn, and " least said soonest mended." But our Catholic friend need not wait so long to eat some of his own " leek." On Saturday he denies what he said a fortnight before. I have both letters before me. In the first he says :—" What do they mean by die ?" The Christian means a " dissolution of soul and body." . . . . Ihe grain of wheat falls into the ground and dies, in the Christian meaning of the term." Now if I may presume to have any understanding of plain English, this certainly means that a grain of wheat ! has a soul ! Positively it must be so if it " dies " in the "Christian meaning of the term." A great deal may I be forgiven poor Mr. Howell as a bemused theologian. He is so accustomed to the use of meaningless phrases that I really believe he does not know, one half of his time, the true tenor of his writings. For instance, now he says—" I did not say nor infer that a seed had a " conkions life." Compare that statement with his previous one. " Mr. Peers being a materialist means the absolute extinction of conscious lire." Now as no "life " but vegetable life is under consideration—veget- ables must, according to the Howell theory, have con- ! scious life. If this be not the meaning, then it has no meaning for me. And now as to the challenge. If " Ben Chayil " has sufficient manliness and gentlemanly feeling to ask, at the end of the time specified, for an explanation and confutation, it shall be accorded to him. But if he has not the courage of his opinions, his opinions are not r much worth,—Your:!;, Ecc.,

JOHN rEERs.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0116.txt | included=true | included =====
TOWN COUNCIL NOTES.

Alderman Francomb again presided at the meet- ingof the WarringtonTownCiuncil on Tuesdayeven- ing, and opened the proceedings with the intima- tion that the Mayor is now improved in health. Alderman Sutton thereupon took the occasion to auggest that a congratulatory reolut ion toe sent to his Worship, and Alderman Holmes having promptly signified his support, the suggestion as agreed to unanimously. A little routine business followed. It wasreported that two elective audi- tors had been elected, and that Councille.r A. Ben- nett is to be the Mayor's auditor for :he coming year. The return of Mr. Baird for Orford Ward was reported, and there having been lately the death of three councillors or ex-councillors votes of condolence were passed withthe families of the late Councillor Bonnell, the late Mr. R. W. Marsh, and . the late Mr. N. B. Percival.

The minutes of the Finance Committee do not ' usually contain anything of a contentious charac- ter, but on Tuesday evening they afforded the material for a lively debate. Conn. Roberts chal- lenged the passage of the accounts on the ground that they included a sum of £5 odd which had been expended in an irregular fashion. It was the amount which had been paid for the supper given to the firemen, and partaken of also by some mem- bers ot the Fire Engine Committee and others,when the new fire engine was first trieA a few weeks ago. Cluncillor Roberts pointed out that this was a new departure in regard to the expending of public money, which might lead to regrettable results. Heretofore when a Committee had felt generous either towards themselves or others the custom had been for the members to put their hands in their own pockets and generously defray the expenses. But the present fit of -genero- sity was a "sham fit" and the Corporation had been called upan to pay for it. Cauncillor Roberts therefore objected on principal to '.he account and moved that it be not paid, and Councillor James Fairclough seconded the proposal, The defence of the Committee was undertaken by Councillor Hut- chinson, the chairman. It was not often, be said, that they got a new tine engine at Wartington— this waa only the second since Warrington was a borough—and it was really thought that "something should be done to celebrate the occasion." It Wit, a very modest supper, too, including such humble embellishments as beer and lemonade and soda, and pipes and tobacco. Alderman Sutton interposed as a peace-maker. He was of opinion that they should admit extenuating circumstances this time but tell the committee not to do it again.

In the debate which followed the importance of the principle raised was admitted, hut, several councillors thought tilt principle should carried further and not applied to a firemen's supper only. There were the trips of the School Attendance Com- mittee to the ship Clio at. Bangor, said Councillor Muir. What about them? Then, added Councillor Cannel!, in his hot impetuous way : What about all the cost, of the deputations to Longford depot, and what about the cost of the "feed" on the Helvetia when the Corporation went, up the Ship Canal? Councillor Shaw thought. that, if they were going on principle, he might even cavil at the cost of the cabs which conveyed the members of the Corpora- tion to a funeral at the Cemetery lately. A princi- ple applied all round, be argued. Councillor Monks agreed with Mr. Roberts as to the inadvisability of the expenditure, but did Mot think the Committee should be now compelled to pay it. out of thslirown pockets which would be the case if the amendment were carried. The action of tte Committee was suprmted by Councillor Smethurst and condemned by Councillor Plimpton who had been under the impression that the cost of the supper had been privately defraye:. A vote was then taken and the proposal of Councillor Roberts was defeated by 18 to six votes. Councillor Heaton, however, declared woglq pay thc account and that it. should not come out of the rates.

More rapid progress was now made with the business of passing the minutes. It was inciden- tally mentioned by Councillor Monks and Council- lor Beaman that the well-sinking at Longford depot had now turned out successfully, and that there would be an ample supply of water for many years to come. In connection with the School Atten- dance Committee, Councillor Shaw Green alluded to the necessity for truant school accommodation, for the intractable youth of Warrington. Another matter in connection with this committee gave rise to a rather animated discussion. The Committee had resolved that Councillor Shaw should be its deputy-chairman and this resolution appeared on its minutes, but it now seemed that the Commit- tee, after mature reflection, had repented of this rash act, and Councillor Green moved the minutes without this particular resolution. Some curiosity was at once evinced as to the reasons for this " dropping "Mr. Shaw.ancl Alderman llarrison went so far as to declare in legal phrase that it would be ultra vires for the Council to interfere with any , Committee in its appointment of chairman or de- puty-chairman. This led to an appeal to the Town Clerk to define the relative powers of the Council and its Committees. It then appeared that the Council had really very little direct authority over at least three of its Committees, namely, the School -Attendance Committee, the Watch Committee and the Museum Committee. These satellites could do pretty much as they liked; they could pass an se- solution they had a mind to pass, and they cutild stick to those resolutions in spite of the Council. But, on the other hand, the Council has full control of the finances; it can. if the Committees get re- calcitrant,cut them off with (or without) a shilling. and as it is the money that makes the Committees to go, these minor bodies are not so independent after all. In this particular instance, however,the Coun- cil decided to leave the School Attendance Com- mittee to deal with its deputy-chairman as it thought fit.

The rest of the business was not of an impor- tant character. A protest was made by Councillor Hutchinson against a proposal to charge a penny instead of a half-penny for" bespeaking "books at the library, but the protest was not effectual. The rapid growth of the expenditure in connection with the removal of the Park wall was commented upon but as the Committee has not yet exceeded the sum voted to it, the matter was not pressed, and the remaining items in the evening's pre•gramme were " executed " With commendable despatch.

Messrs. Burns' S.F. Grampus, which left Glasgow on • , Tuesday afternoon at four o'clock, got alongside the berth at Pomona Doeks on Wednesday afternoon at 3.50, and the cargo was all delivered in the city by 10 a.m Thursday. This is solar:, work, and shows what expe- dition can be giver 4 via the Ship Canal.

TH E EXAMINER, SATE:RIM V, MARCH 10, 1894. WARRINGTON WOMEN'6 LIBERAL

nolciing to the old ship, he did not think they would go tar wrong. He thought that the town would desire a change trom the government of the men whp did not look to their interest. A great number of thotTe persons had their own axes to grind. They were at present in a state of change. They had jut parted with the greatest statesman, in his opinion, that had ever adorned the nation. (Hear, hear.) lie was proud to think that ;hose changes had been made as orderly and quietly as they were at that meeting that night. With regard to women,he would tell Miss Southall that they had a large number of women voters in Warrington. Unfortunately, they were Tory. (Laught,r.) He hoped that an effort would be to bring a change in this respect. Miss SOUTHALL bti,-dy acknowledged the vote of thanks.

COUBCMOZ ROBERTS next, moved the following resolu- tion That this meeting expresses its deep regret at the resignation of the Right Hon. W. E. Gladstone,M.P., the great and honourNl leader of the Liberal party,and while thanking him for the unparallelen• services he had rendered to the cause of the people in every direction of soci,l and political reform during the last sixty years, earnestly trusts that he may have many 'gears to live in which to enjoy the well-earned rest after his Icrig and arduous labours. At, the same time, this meeting ex- presses its full confidence in his successor,Lord Rosebery as Prime Minister, and in Sir William Harcourt as leader of the House of Commons, believing that they will faith- fully endeavour to carry out every item in the New- castle programme, and by giving prompt effect to the declaration of war against the House of Lords contained in the great speech of Mr. Gladstone on Thursday last, while unhesitatingly r,moving out of the path of pro- gress, any obstacles that present themselves of whatever I nature they may be. In this belief,this meeting assures I them of its sympathy and loyal support." He thought it was incumbent upon every Liberal Associa.tion,both of men and women, to express their sense of the apprecia- tion in which Mr. Gladstone was held. He also thought that Lord•Rosebery should be given a fair opportunity to show what he would do,and be given every support. He thought that Lord lt,7sebery would have:the entire confidence of the trades unionists of the country from his action in the ccal strike, and he had the confidence of almost the whole of the Liberal party, and he saw no reason of smashing the Government until they saw that they were not doing the right thing. With reference to Warrington he could say th:it in the Whitecross ward ' there was a number of women voters who were very much superior to their sex in the remaining portion of the town who were mostly T. ry. He had not the slight- est hesitation in sayie4 that the majority in the Town Halt warl, o;ford ward, and S. John's ward, had been very largely if net entirely made up by women voters. Itlwas deplorable that the majority of women were Tory. They were Tory becau:e they had been bred and born to it. (Lan;.7hter.) Mrs. CLAY seconded the resolution which was carried unanimously. Miss SotcruaLL pr:pased a vote of thanks to Mrs. Armitage for presiding over t'Ae meeting. Mrs. Hott-ormiecouddid, and Mrs. Armitage replied which brought the meeting to a termination.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0117.txt | included=true | included =====
MEETING AT TIIE LIBERAL CLUB.

A met-:ung of the Warrington Women's Liberal A.sociat ion was held in the Liberal Club, on Toeci- day night, when the chair was occupied by Mrs.Z. Armitage. There was a good attendance of the lady members, and Councillors Roberts and PlumPt.on, and Mes,•rz. W. Pierpoint, C. J. .1-lolmes, J. H. nem- ing,Harrison, and Holford, were also preent. Mrs. ARMITAGE said that she did not intend to deliver a speech but would content herself with making a few announcements. They intended to have a tea meeting in the Liberal dub on april 9.t,h,and she hoped it woulk be a successful one. They also pioposed starting the sewing meeting agaip.. Some of the ladies had enjoyed the sewing meetings which they had had th'tfore, and would like to see them started again. If they had good meetings. they would be able to have a sale of work in November. the meetings would also be changed from Friday to Tuesday as it would be more convenient. She had received letters from Mrs. Crostield and Mks B. Dutton, regretting their inability to be present at the meeting that night. They both hoped that it might be a successful invetintr._ _

Miss SOUTHALL, of Birmingham, next addressed the meeting. She expressed her pleasure at being present at the meeting. She was glad that they were going to have regular meetings. She thought it was quite time that women realised that they ought to be just as much interested in politics, and just as awakened to a sense of their own responsibilities as the men. There was plenty of work to be done. Tee time had gone by when it was necessary to apologise for the political woman, and they should realise that a woman did not become unwomanly by taking part in political work, as could be shown by the examples of the Countess of Aberdeen and Lady I Henry Somerset, who had done se much for the cause of Liberalism and temperance. (Applause.) They some- I times heard about wernan's sphere as though it were en- , closed by four walls, and that her time was to be taken up in darning stockings or mending clothes. (Laughter.) They would be the first to condemn the neglect of home dinks, but they must also re dise that there were wider duties to undertake. It wee the mothers who had the greae responsibility of bringing up the children who would 'be the men and women of the next generation. It was rather too late to define the meaning of Liberal and Con- strvative, but they eheuld always remember that the {Liberals belooofl te the party of progress and reform, that they wanted to go ahead and get something (lents, while the Conservatives liked to stay where they were and keep things exactly as they had been. The Liberals believed in government of the people by the people for the people, and they believed in extended franchise, whereas the Tories believed in government by the few. Miss Southall then went on to I describe the formation of the Women's Liberal I Association which she said now had a membership of I 100,000. The association had done a great deal of hard work for the Liberal party. It was intended to counter- act the Primrose League. She hoped, however, that they would never imitate the Prinirosie League. They had an ruling dailies or ruling councillors, but had only the card of membership, and they believed in educa- tional work. She had heard that the Primrose League enrolled babies. The Liberals dirt not disapprove of young children being trained into Liberalism, but they preferred to have as members of their associa,tion,persons who had come to years of discretion. The association was ti help the Liberal party in parliamentary elections and also in the municipal elections, and they would no doubt have something to do .in the diatriet and parish council elections which would shortly take place. She could not impress too much upon women the importance of electing the beet persona as it was as important to them as to the men, and in some respects more so. It was of equal importance to have good water and good sanitary conditions as to the men. Besides the work at elections there was much educational work to he done, and this was an important duty of the associa- tion. She hoped that the women present would study . the industrial question the question of womeu's suffrage, and this temperance question. The Liberal party had I been taunted with having so much in the Newcastle programme. It was said that there was ton much to tie done. Well, she thought it was a good dell better to have a programme, than to have no programme at all, and to do nettling. (Applause.) The Uniouists were very ready to taunt them, but they had no programme unless it was a programme of negation, if that were possible. (Hear, hear.) In Birmingham they were unfortunately represented ty six Unionists and one Conservative, although they were very much the same. The Unionists were more Tory than the Tories themeelves. They- grumbled at the time that the Gov- ernment had spent in their legislation, but whose fault was it ? It was absurd to say that it was the fault of the Government. The Government had pissed their gieat measures through the House of Commons, and one had passed into law, one of the others had bren spoiled by the House of Lords, and had to be abandoned, and the other had been contemptuously rejected by them. They comptained that the Home Rule Bib had not been adequately discussed, but 84 days had been spent upon it in the House of Commons while the House of Lords had rejected it in four days. They must not think that the Home tile question lied been put aside, however, and they must not forget the loyal sepport which the Irish members gave to labour questions and to the lab- our party in the House of Commons. A greet deal had I been said about Mr. Belfour'e administration of Ireland, 1 but they had not now any disturbances taking piece, land they had not now a column in the newspapers about I Ireland every day. The Iristi people were quietly wait- ing and trusting in the English people to give them that self-government which they desired. She had seen a paper in which it was stated ,that the results of the Gladstonlan legislation and administration had been nil. Nthe head already mentioned the three bills passed through the House of Commons. They should also remember Mr.Fowler'e ac in reducine the property qualification of the Guardians, also Mr. Adand's splendid work in the edueltion oepartment and Mr. Asquith's action in appointing women factory iseepectors. The Parish Coun- cils Bill was the Magna Cherta of the agricuhrral labourer People who knew something of the country villages ex- pected a great chanze, through this bill. The agricul- tural labourer would now have equal power with the squire with his vote, and as women would be on the same footing as went, she hoped to see women upon the cosmeils. The quostion of charities had net been satis- factorily settled, but she hoped it would be during the present yr am. There were many - other things in the Liberal twee ramrne. There was the alteration of the re- gistration—kha-ar, hear,)—so that a ina.n could have it vote after living three months in a pla.ce instead of, as it sometimes happened, two and a half years. They must have one man one vote (applause), and payment of members so that the working classes could have their representatives in parliament. Then there was the dis- establishment of the Welsh church, and another bill she would like to see passed, was the Local Veto Bill. She thought that the people should have equal power with the 0V711:12%3 of land to prohibit publichouses being opened. She also thought that there should be a maxi- mum of one publicheuse to every 1000 people in the towns, and to every 500 in the country. Public housegishould also he closed on election days. (Ap- plause.) If that had been the caee at the last general election, there was no doubt that Mr. Gladstone's majority would have been considerably larger. London reform was also urgent and the rich must pay their fair share of the taxation. Then there was the great ques- tion of substitution of arbitration for fighting. She saw by the papers that there were great preparations being made in Europe for some great war. The question of arbitration was not new. After almost every war,after so much bleed hal been shed, the question was settled by meeting together. They ought to do that before all the blood had been shed. They meet remember that out I of every £3 raised in taxation, £2 went for war expen- diture. She now came to woman's suffrage. She was of I opinion that women should be qualified in the same way las men. They paid the taxes and they therefore ought to have an equal vote. If this were done, they would enfraneldse 900,000 wotnen,who were not exempted from the taxes rim ply because they Were women. She was of (spinier, that women would be of great use on Board. of Gueedians as .hey could do work which a man could not do as well. The majority of those in the workhouses were women and children, and a woman could see to the wants far better than the opposite sex. There were other disabilities which should be taken off the female sex. When they did work which was equal to a man's work, they ought to get equal wageseotherwise it would tend to lower the general wages. She concluded her ad- dress by hoping that the Warrington Women's Liberal Association would have a successful and prosperous career before it, and that they would help on the movement which they all had at heart. (Applause.) 4' Mrs. WILLIAM PIERPOINT moved a vote of thanks to Miss Scant hall for her able address to them that night. They had all listened to it with great interest, and she hoped that Miss S eithall would ernne among them again on some future recasion. Some of them hicl,for some time past, almost become discouraged. She hoped that some of those present would come forward and help the party. (Hear, hear.) They would not require very much labour and they would be delighted to see them. Mrs. H. ROBERTS seconded the vote of thanks, which wag carried unanimously. Mr. WILLIAM PIERPOINT said that his object in coming that nieht was to be a listener. He had been very much delighted and interested in the very ceneiers eeeremt given them that night of the Liberal uregramme, by Miss elont hall. She had put it Wore them very clearly atiel plainly. Miss Southall, of c-mrse, could not knew the local circumstances of War- ringten. The Liberal party had lose a great many pro- minent and earnest supperters duriee the last seven or eight years. They had also suffered from the enforced absence 'it Mr. Arini!age, through physical affi'ction,but they had an evidence that Mr. Armitage still took an intere3t in the Li heral work by the nresence of his wife. It was a matter of great gratifirsatien to him as chair- man of the executive to find thit they had so many Liberal Mies in Warrington. Only for them, he was afraid that the Liberel party would have been in a far worse position than it we at present. Some people said that they Were pulverised and smashed, and that they were mile- a is-Arty in name. At any rite, they still re- •- • teieeellhe love tor the Old weogramtne of Liberalism— (applause)—and they were not going to turn Tory.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0118.txt | included=true | included =====
SERIOUS FIRE AT WARRINGTON.

TWO HORSES. BURNED TO DEATH„

At 220 a.m. yesterday morning a call was received at the fire station, that t fire had broken out at the stables of Mr. Jonathan Broadhurst, greengrocer, opposite the Horse and Jockey Inn, Winwick-road. The brigade under Superintendent Turner with the steam fire engine " Major," in charge of Engineer Ratcliffe, at once proceeded to the conflagration and on their arrival found the stables all in flames two horses having been burnt to death. They at once got to work with a power- Lii from the main there being a good supply of water, and the engine was not put into operation. The fire was got under in half-an-hour. The stables were completely gutted. The cause of the fire is unknown. Fortunately the property was insured. Oae of the horses burned belonged to Mr. Jackson, coal dealer, and the other to Mr. Broadhurst.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0119.txt | included=true | included =====
AN OUIRAGEOUS AND COWARDLY HUSBAND.

AS F XEMPLARY SENTENCE.

At the Warringtom Borough Court on Thursday (Alderman Sutton in the chair),John Lee, Academy- street, was charged with having assaulte4 his wife, Ellen, on the 21st of February and the 6th March. Defendent was further charged with having ntlec- ted, illtreated, and exposed his three children, Olive •Ethel, aged eight years, Harold, aged three, and Vineent, aged one.—Ellen Lee defendant's wife stated that on Sunday last she went to Urmston at the request of her husband to visit a relative. She returned home on the Monday afternoon, and found her husband drunk. He asked her if she had brought any money or &Wiling back, and on her replying in - the negative he took hold of a fire shovel and struck her across the shoulders. Thu following day he was again drunk, and the police had to come to the house. Other evidence W3S given in support of this charge. On the second charge Mr. Buchton, who appeared on behalf of the R.S.P.C.C., said that the husband when in drink gave his wife no money, and she was obliged to take in lodgers. The husband could earn £2 a week. As to the charge of exposure, defendant frequently turned the wife into the street at night, and the children being afraid followed her. When the inspector visited the house he found the children poorly clad, and with- out fned..--Inspector Uphill stated that on Wednesday merning he visited the defendant's house irfAcademy-st. was accompanied- by Detective Monaghan. The three chilcfren were poorly nourished and badly clothed. There was no food in the house. He went across the road and bought some buns, which the children ate greedily. The mother told him that the children had had nothing to eat that morning. On the 23rd of January witness visited the house, and found the defendant the worse for drink. Witness then severely warned Min.—After further evidence, the Chairman said that the Bench were of opinion that the conduct of the defendant had been outrageous and cywardly. They believed the wife to be a good and industrious waman. The defendant would have to go to prison for three months with hard labour. A separation order would be granted to defendant's wife, the defendant to pay 12s. a week towards his wife's support. On the second charge the magistrates would record a conviction.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0120.txt | included=true | included =====
GYMNASTIC DISPLAY AT THE

GYMNASIUM.

A most successful assault-at-arms and gymnastic display was given in the Gymnasium, Palmyra Square, Warrington, on Thursday evening, and that the Warrington public are interested in the per- formances of members of the gymnas.ium was evi- dent by the large attendance. The entertainment was mole considerably more attractive by the ap- pearance or Sergt. Major Haigh, Lieut. McClure,and Messrs. J. Davies and Holmes, of Manchester, who gave several performances during the evening. Mr. Thos. :.:lorris, F.G.S.. who has been one of the most ardent supporters of the " Gym." since its com- mencement in the town, presided. The programme opened with a dumb-bell exercise by 13 of the elder members conducted by Mr. J. Kinsley, The exercise was performed with precision and skill, and the audi- dence showed their approval by loud applause. A con- test (sword v. bayonet) was next given by Lieut. McClure and Mr. Holmes. The contestants presented a novel appearance with their screened faces and guarded breasts. and the exhibition caused much interest. Sere. Major Haigh gave his decision in favour of Lieut. McClure who used the sword. Mr. J. E. Warren and Sergt. Major Haigh followed with a fencing contest, and contrary to expectation,Mr. Warren succeeded in scoring two points to the Sergt. Major's one, and the result was received with enthusiastic applause by the audience. A very clever performance on the rings was next given by half-a-dozen members led by Mr. Kinsley. An Italian duel with sabres by Mr. Holmes and Lieut. McClure, re- sulted in a victory for Mr. Holmes. The parallel bar exorcise proved to be an interesting item, and several members showed great efficiency in this department of physical exercise. A number of metnhers next filed into the room with their Indian clubs, and showed their muscular powers to advantage in a performance with them. A boxing match between Lieutenant McClure and J. Davies was watched with close attention. The first two rounds were evenly contested, but in the third, Davies proved too good for his compeer, who gave up the contest. The ' most interestine feature of the evening was the sword feats by Sergeant-Major Haigh, who is considered the best swordsman in the British army. His feats com- prised, cutting an apple on a man's neck, and also on the hand,eevering a broom haudle whilst placed on two glasses filled with water ; cutting a sheep in two at one stroke; and what is known as the razor feat, that of severing a broom handle resting on hoops of paper which are placed on edges of two razors. The feat was performed without the razors cutting the paper. All the feats were executed without the slightest hitch, and the audience frequently broke out into applause. In the vaulting and jumpine exercises,J.Podmore was far and away the best man. He vaulted as high as six feet six inches, and in jumping managed to clear five feet three inchei. On the horizontel bar Mr. Einsley again showed his skill and received the plaudits oT the audience. Several excellent exhibitions were also given by members of the advanced classes. Lieutenant McClure and Mr. Holmes engaged inecombat with rapiers and daggers, using a cloak for protection. Sword and lance exercises were also given under the leadership of Sergeant Haigh. The display concluded with the vaulting horse exercise in which liamber was conspicuous with one or two heavy falls. Miss Stirrup was the pianist of the evening. The members of the Gymnasium whe took part in the exercises during the evening were Messrs. J. Podrnore, J. E. Warren. G. Vernon, A. Vernon, F. C. Bennion, A. Dickens, W. Fletcher. G. Clay, J. Vernon, C. Noble. W. Bember, A. (sigh. A. Mottram,F. C. II hite,Ef.Whittle, C. Melds, and J. Mimes.

THE POLITICAL • CRISIS.

MR. GLADSTONE'S RESIGNATION.

LORD ROSEBERY THE NEW PREMIER.

The "Court Circular" makes the official an- nouncement that after a Council held at Windsor on Saturday, the Right Hon. W. E. .Gladstone had an audience, of the Queen and tendered his rt-signa- tion, which was graciously accepted by Her Majesty, and that the Queen has offered the Earl of Rosebery the post-, of Prime Minister and his Lordship has accepted the offer. The new Cabinet met on Sunday at Lord Rosebery's house, and after the meeting the Premier sent a message to the Queen announcing the completion of the Ministry. The Earl of Rosebery had an audience of the Queen at Buckingham Palace on Monday, and kissed hands on his appointment as Prime Minister. It was afterwards officially announced that the Queen had been pleased to appoint the noble Earl First Lord of the Treasury and Lord Presideut of the Council, and the Earl of Kimberley Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs. Mr. John Morley has decided to remain at the Irish Office, and Mr. Fowler is to be the Secretary for India. Mr. T. Ellis succeeds Mr. Marjoribanks (now Lord Tweed- mouth) as Chief Liberal Whip. A number of hon- ours are announced in connection with the retire- ment of Mr. Gladstone. Mr. Stuart Rendel, M.P. for Montgomeryshire, and Sir Reginald Earle Welby (Permanent Secretary to the Treasury) are made peers, Sir Algernon West a Privy Councillor Mr. John Cowan of Beeslack (chairman of the Midloth- ian Liberal Association) a baronet, and Mr. Spencer Lyttleton and Mr. G. H. M urray (private secretaries to Mr. Gladstone) Commanders of the Bath. Mr. Labouchere states that he does not intend to move or support a resolution of want of confidence in the Government. The National Liberal Association has issued a manifesto to the Liberal Associations of the Coun- try, in which, after paying a high tribute to Mr. Gladstone's services, it says that the Ministry has abundantly proved that it is composed of strong and earliest men, and. can be trusted to conduct the affairs of the Empire with dignity and success. Such men, the document adds, will face with sympathy and courage the vast and pressing social problems by which we are confronted.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0121.txt | included=true | included =====
MR. GLADSTONE'S INDISPOSITION.

Mr. Gladstone is slightly indisposed. On Tuesday night he caught a cold, which produced hoarseness; and Dr. Bond considered it prudent that he should remain in bed on Wednesday. On Thursday morning the following bulletin was issued :—" Mr. Gladstone is better. Temperature 99 deg. No increase of bronchitis. Cough quieter."— "T. BOND, F.R,C.S.'

Mr. Gladstone passed a comfortable day. Dr. Bond visited his patient at half-past six on Thursday even- ing, and remained about a quarter of an hour. Dr. Bond said that Mr. Gladstone's cough was less troublesome, but the general condition was un- changed from the morning report.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0122.txt | included=true | included =====
THE NEW APPOINTMENTS.

It was officially stated on Thursday that Her Majesty has approved of the following further appointments :—Lord Tweedmouth to be Lord Privy Seal, with a seat in the Cabinet; Mr. Herbert Glad- stone to be First Commissioner of Works and a Privy Councillor; Mr. Munro Ferguson, M.P., to be a Junior Lord of the Treasury. Oa accepting the position of First Commissioner of Works, Mr. Her- bert Gladstone telegraphed the fact to his political friends in Leeds, and started for that city later in the day to make arrangements for his re-election.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0123.txt | included=true | included =====
A GREAT RECORD.

If the speech of Thursday week is to be Mr. Gla- dstone's last Parliamentary oration it will be sepa- rated by a little over sixty-one years from his first. It was on February the 21st, 1823, that' Mr. Glad- stone first spoke in the House of Commons—on the Liverpool bribery petition. It is certainly a "re- cord " for any M.P.to have made his first speech at three-and-twenty and his last at eighty-four.

Lord Rosebery is says the "St. James Gazette," the new Prime Minister of England, the ruling Minister of the British Empire. What manner of man is he?

- . us past record shows a curious alternation be- ween publicity and reserve. Nothing could be, ap- parently, less reserved than the conduct of the man who for nearly three years dominated with his per- sonality the London County Council. Easy in his manners with everybody,keenly interested in every detail of the work he had. undertaken, clear-headed and large-minded, he was the very ideal of a muni- eipal statesman. The County Council adored him. Such a Chairman they are never likely to see again —genial, witty, strong, ever ready with the right phrase at the right moment. But in another sphere lArd Rosebery has been the very type of aristocra- tic reserve. More than any Foreign Secretary of modern times he has shrouded himself in a veil of silence, and has made the excellent rule that dip- lomatists should not talk about their business an excuse for not talking at all. On the County Coun- cil such a rule was impossible. If their Chairman had not told them what to do the untrained coun- cillors would have floundered into hopeless bogs. But except for this experience Lord Rosebery, like

Mr.. As,quith in the Lower House has been essentially a man of few speeches. Both men speak : pre-eminently well, and both keep up their standard by speaking seldom. For the coun- try as well as for the Liberal party it is encourag- ing fact that, in the period of universal palaver, the two most powerful men among the younger genera- tion of Liberals are the two men who talk the least. But to return to Lord Rosebery, the time that he has saved by not talking he has filled by doing. If the report is true, he has carried into the Foreign Office the same determined industry that he showed at Spring-gardens. The country only vaguely rea- lises the dangerous crisis it passed through last sum- mar. More than once during the long negotiations with France there was a possibility that we might be forced into war. On Lord Rosebery fell practi- cally the whole burden of that. time of stress. 'How much the strain told on the Foreign Secretary his al'ered physique shows. A few years ago, Lord Rosebery was as "fat "as Hamlet and almost cherub faced. Within the last six months he has become a comparatively Jean man, and constantly wears an expression that no one could call jovial.

. C 1,-;f';','S ' -'.l'.:t7f:'''''i:','N• 4, ::- ;),.• • :i::'•:'''' . - N'' ,e,Y;e::•,- V k/ -44:- r:' '''..3 , --.......•••••-• t t; ,/ , ': --: „,,,;•.*:', tip ),/,.."7'1L',..: ' :4, ~, •fr, "..„,, 0 , / 4 ;•.: ~,,-:•:'-ii...:^fl::;01;:41'1::::;,.....4, /',./ ll ~-:. ,111, ,111 1 Al MI 41,041. ,••-!. :,,,..-,- -• ~,k/ ,', f/A, it 00'6 \ ' hj, 1 01000 *.:l ~,,,•417/1/):ifflp Ili 7,4ttspl\ ik, 04,4 ØØP#Ø : ( ' -,ilr,or ..., r _.-.....;.--,,tfrir .r.q /...e........... ---_ __ , ......,. ...I . _...0.."1,..4,..r........:......,- ---- ~. ......

LORD ROSEBERY. "THE MAN OF THE MOMENT."

===== 0002601_18940310_art0124.txt | included=true | included =====
A YOUNG PREMIER.

Lord Rosebery is very youtig for an English Prime Minister. He is only forty-seven. But his public career already dates back nearly a quarter of a century. He succeeded to the title at the age of twenty-one, and ever since he has been actively and prominently engaged in political affairs. He seconded the reply to the address in 1871, and began his work as House of Lords reformer as far back as '74, when he moved for a Committee (of which became chairman) on Scotch and Irish representa- tive peerages. He entered office as Under-secretary for Home Affairs in 1881, and became First Commis- sioner of Works in 1884. In Mr. Gladstone's Government of 1886 he was Foreign Secretary. Lord Rosehery married 'Miss Hannah de Rothschild in 1878, and became a widower four years ago.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0125.txt | included=true | included =====
PARNELLITE MANIFESTO.

' Mr. John Redmond, M.P., and his colleagues of the Parnellite party have issued a manifesto on the political. situation "to the Irish people." They hold that Mr. Gladstone's retirement can only have had its origin in a scheme to defeat the hopes of the Trial) people by the abandonment of Home Rule, or by such compromise as can only he regarded by Ireland as an insult an a mock- ery. They state that in Lord Rosebery and his Csbinet Ireland can have no confidence, and they warn their fellow countrymen to have none. It is a Cabinet, they maintain, that will concede jest as much to Ireland as she extorts by organization and independence; and they conclude by dem3 riding that these forces shall be set in motion, so that Ireland shall no longer be the scorn of one English party and the deluded dupe of the other.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0126.txt | included=true | included =====
THE SHIP CANAL.

THE BATING OF. TEE CANAL.

At an adjourned meetineof the representatives of Assessment Committees of Unions in Lancashire and Cheshire bordering on the Ship Canal, held with re:fer- ence to the assessment of the waterway, the protest of the directors of the Ship Canal against the proposed rat- ing of the canal on an assessment of £1,500 a mile for a period of two years was read, and on the motion of Mr. Sutton (Warrington), seconded by the Chairman (Mr. Charles Reynolds, Runcorn), it was resolved " that the two years' term of rating ba abandoned,and that for the next rate the waterway, including the locks, be asse,sed at a rate of not less than £5OO per mile, and that so far as the recommendations as to combined action are con- cerned they apply. only as from the time of instructing a valuer."

===== 0002601_18940310_art0127.txt | included=true | included =====
ARRIVAL OF THE BLACK PRINCE AT MANCHESTER.

The chief arrival at Manchester. on Thursday. was the Black Prince from New Orleans with cotton. The vessel is not so large as the previous cotton ships which have visited this port, and she only draws 14ft.61n. of water. The cargo is composed of 3,546 bales of cotton, 2,000 oil cakes, and 60 barrels of wine. She was built in 1883 by Messrs. Palmer and Company, of Jarrow, and left New Orkans on the 7th of February, being snfely berthed in the Salford Docks by eleven o'clock cn Thursday morn- ing. The gross tonnage is 1,480, and th 2 net tonnage 960. Captain Walsh reports a very stormy passage. After being at sea five days a storm arose and continued throughout the whole passage. The captain thinks the canal a great undertaking, and fully believes in its suc- cess. Tho voyage up the canal was accemplished prac- tically without any damage being done.

===== 0002601_18940310_art0128.txt | included=true | included =====
A RUNCORN MAN CRUSHED TO DEATH AT MANCHESTER.

An accident unfortunately attended with loss of life occurred on Tuesday afternoon in the Pomona Dock of the Ship Canal, at Manchester. The Swan steamship from London, with a general cargo was entering the dock when it became necessary to run a rope from the shore to the starboard bow. For this purpose, John Sinnot, a. boatman of the Halloway, Runcorn, and aged 30 years, ontered a small boat, accompanied by an as- sistant. As the former was in the act of landing the rope, the ship swim.' round, and crushed the bolt against the pier wall. It is probable that Sinnot va, killed instantaneously, for he sank at once ; his asss- taht anticipating an accident, plunged into the water, and swam out of harm's way. He was then drawn from the water quite uninjured. The efforts to recover the body of the deceased have:been unsuccessful. The unfortunate young man who has thus met with his death in such a shocking manner, was the son of Mr. Sinnot, of New Ferry, who piloted the Sophie Wil mina up the Manchester Ship Canal.

THE SHIP CANAL COMPANY'S Acr. At a meeting of the Runcorn Rural Sanitary Authority on Tuesday, the Clerk reported that he had received a copy of the Ship Canal Company's Act, and the follow- ing clause might interest the Authority: "If any per- son casts, places, or deposits, or permits to be placed, cast, or deposited in any part of the canal docks or basins of the company forming part of the harbour and port of Manchester any solid matter or sludge, he shall be liable for every such offence not exceeding £5O ; and in addition thereto the Company may recover sum- marily from such person the cost of dredging or remov- ing such solid matter or sludge." Continuing, the clerk said the question arose " What is sludge ?" The Runcorn Improvement Commissioners were taking ac- tion with reference to the clause, and if it affected them it -would also affect that Authority. They had, in cer- tain agreements, power to turn matter into the Canal, and it was a question whether the At of Parliament would not override such agreements. They should have a clause to protect their own districts. Perhaps the canal company would agree to their request without any demur. He understood from the law clerk of the Runcorn Commissioners that they were prepared to in- sert a clause.—Mr.Aaron said that at Weston Point they had several sewers and also at Frodsham. If the Act passed in its present form the canal company could stop them.—The Rev. J. Hanby thought it would he well to join the committee of the Runcorn Commissioners and confer with them upon the different points.—The Clerk said the Runcoln Commissioners also objected to a clause with reference to the supply of water.—Mr. Williams expressed the opinion that they should also go against the clause in question,—Eventually, the subject was entrusted to a committee consisting of Messrs.Mclntyre, Heywood, Williaßas, Woodward,Baxter, Stokea,Norman, Jenkins, Brandreth, J. W. Baguley, and the Rev. J. Hanby.

NOTES ON GAMES AND,

ATHLETIO6.

RUGBY FOOTE/q.t..

Warrington's victory over Barrow on Saturday riag not a very easy one. Still, it is another "feather in .the wirepullers caps." and will have a tendency to render the concluding stages of the'Luicashire Cup Compatittoiz more interesting than ever. Of course the issue practi- cally lies between Swinton and Oldham, but a slip on .the pare of 'either of thesa teams will leave an opening' through which our home team might squeeze themselves and claim at length the object of their quest.

The game at Barrow was tame—as tame as the wild beasts in a menagorie, someone said. It kk as a forvimr.d game, except where scoring was concerned, and then lt was "backward." Capital combination was shown, by• both sets of forwards, but especially by Warrington,wha at times completely swept their opponents along the field There was no half-back play worthy of the name,for botb . sets watched each other so closely that nothing in the way of "passing out"- could be achieved. In the latter half of Vie game Barrow had most of their own way, although they failed to score. This was contrary to Warrington's. usual form, which is generally the best in the second, half of the game.

At full back Heesom gave a splendid exhibition. Massey displayed his "clean " heels to the delight of the "gate," but there was no three quartcr play even worth -; speaking of. Among the for wards Turner's Tittnic body was always to be seen to the fore, closely followed by Nevins. and Berry. Altogether there was not much to , choose between in the play cf thm tw& teams. What I cannot understand—and many others are in the same difficulty—is the undignified position which Barrow holds I in the Cup Competition, in face of the excellent form of • • the club! The reisults of the competition up to Saturday were- thus ;—. •

For. Agst. Pld. Won. Lost. Drn. (IT. G.T. rts. Oldham Swinton l5 ...10 ... 0 ... 5 ... 13 21 .. 1 4 .......,25 Warrington IV iv,an l5 ... 8 ... 3 ... 4 ... 10 10... 2 4 —2O Tyldesley Salford Beoughton Rangers l4 ... 5 ... 6 ... 3 ... 10 6 ... 6 12 ....li. licclulee Hornets Barrow Broughton l5 ... 0 ...15 ... 0 ... 3 5 ...29 33

By the by, the " A " team secured, with the assistance of Stocknort Club, what is described in the vernacular as " a slating." I suppose they did this to break the monotony of along list of victories. It' so they deserve. the thanks of Stockport, and not that of their suppor-' ters. Considerable disappointment was expressed at the carlessness and indifference which marked their play.

There was rather an unpleasant feature in connection ,-- with the match, which is worthy of s-me mention. &Heston, the youthful custodian, made an unfortunate slip at the commencement of the game, anti during the . remainder of the match that " atnorsing "—but also ; • annoying-I—custom of " chaffing " was brought to bear . upon this young player. Very Faturally it made hiin more nervous, and no doubt interferci much with Warrington's prospects. Of course the off:nee is not a - very " drefful "one—still one is always surprised and somewhat hurt, to see a largo proportion of a Warrior ton gate exhibiting discourteousness towards a player-- especially a young one. -As I remarked once before, let us hope of it—as we have done of the deluge—that it won't occur again. , -4

BOATING.

The Warrington Sailing-6-It;bi;ave arrived at a decision. Happy institution ! It is to be hoped that none of them will arrive on a sand bank after it ! They discussed the question of altering the course of the forthcoming race, - and I suppose for a time the dehlte waxed hot and furl- ous. "Then up spoke the midshipnian," and proposed a compromise. It was to the effect that the race be eon- tinued round a buoy near Walton Arches, and then, instead of stopping oppose Litton's Mill, to go on to the end of Monks, Hall and Co.'s wharf. And it wasagreed upon. This, I have no doubt, will be a great improve, ment upon previous races—but there is room for stilt more improvements.

There will be ten boats in the race including three " innovations," which take the place of three boat. which have sailed their last voyage. Primrose, Bessie. and Mi4chief, have all by a strange fatality, been bet. The owner of Primrose, Mr. W. Knowles, has, however. entered " Siesta,"and St.Cieorge has been entered by Mr. • G. Grounds, whilst the other vacancy has been filled by a boat owned by Mr. Jefferson.

GYMNASIUM.

The two hundred guineas Shield Competition (NS- R.S.) is,to speak in a inconventional way," all orpb "SO tar as Warrington is concerned. This is through the dispute with Aberdeen to which I alluded a fortnight ago. Aberdeen refused to pay Warrington's exoenseS- up to the land" of thistles and oat calte3,"and Warring- ton appealed against it, thinking they were supported by a rule of the competition. The rule has been inter:. preted against them, and contrary to the "golden rule, these who expected,reeeived—notice to quit the competi" tion, for not playing off the fixture.

- •

SALE, SALE, at the • z.,4 MANCHESTER TAILORING & ULOTIII.I*

UEPOT. OVERCOATS at HALF-PRIOR. oe 'At See tho Depi3G Winnows. 4e. to 1O,!. in the pound ---• '

• Winter Goods. 3 St 10 Itorseinarket-st., via.rrington. —Printed and Published by JoHN WAl,l°..'ne,reet- At The E.raminer General Printing Works. Bord°,°l,4-:rortd and Published also at. The Examiner Offices. Vic"_A.9t- WxDsp;s ; High-street, RUNCORN. ; 32, George"4"i9,4T• ; and 33, MArket-strect,. PIA IMrt,Vl 1,511 V. 10, 1394.

===== 0002601_18940310_sect0001.txt | included=true | included =====
“A WONDERFUL WATCH.” 50S• A thoron2hlv reliable all HAND-MADE SILVER ENG-- PATENT LEVtrift WATCH, capped, jewelled, and itt-teei with STRONG- CHAIN on FUSEE, HEAVY SOLID SILVER HALL-MAgIiED CASES, well finished, and speci- ally adapted to fit fis,t in the pockct. "FOR FIFTY SHILL- ]S." This watch is timed to a minute, and will STAND AMOUNT OF ROITCH WEAN. A WATCH that SOLUTE LY DEFIES COMPETITION! A Bona fide Written Guaranteelor Fifteen Yeats given with each watch This Watch can be had in ALL SIZES with Cryttal or L'unette glans, at same price. To te obtained only from E. A. EUSTANCE. wwchmakers, THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK. 43, :-:nuikev-street. Was ringtnn. 3.8.—Sent post-tree to all puts of the United Kingdom on receipt of P. 0.0.

CRESIIIRE COUNTY COUNCIL. LECTITRI S ON SICK NURSING. FIRST COURSE, t Series of • Special LEcTuitEs on Sick Nursing wi'l given in the BF:TUE:SO/ LICTURE HALL. RUNCORN, by 18S WATgoN. one i,f the lecture-s appointed by the Technical 4nstructioll corpmitte co the County Council and for some Years a Sister flul lirse at the Royal Infirmary, Manchester. 4,C,TUTIR islarch 16th, 1194. at 2.30. p.m. file: N ••:: "1., Sick Room allci dad. ur e," How to arrang, 4sd ventilate the sick room. ;7.4w to make up the tcil, 4.1," Change the sheets, &c. Daly d, ties of the sick ;nurse. evr to prevent bed sores, &c. Practical DemonAration.—A "ed and pa lent provided, bet rest, St.c. t,The remainitw: liictortis will tvlso commence at 2.3 g. p en. ; "e second on the 33th Nti.r.,h, and every succeeding Friday. This course of lectures is intended for women onl, ; !ricitliQrs are perticularly desi. ed to attend, and put qutst ions to the lecturer upon any po.nts on whicik, they desire ilifcrm- +Won. All attending are advised to take careful notes of the ' ,Ltetures. Arranzements will be mada whereby those who gesire rrnryr. sit for examination, on te result of which ertitleates are awarded. Persons desirous of being exam- ined should give in their name; to the lecturer on her last visit. Information will be forwarded of the date and time eXaminations ADMiSSIoN FEF.E. RICHARD P. WARD, Organizing Secretary. Crewe.

SUNDAY AFTERNOON 3 O'CLOCK. OACRED CONCERT. B&PTI9T C APEL, GOLBORNE-STREET. ANTIIRMS and SOLOS by the, Choir. Oorections in aid of Church Funds.

.., i . \AT IC CL I- F F 17, HALL. B E WSt Y-4litE ET, WARRINGTON. 4 f 1 $ ,LIL GRAND ~., Will he given DES th, above Hall, by the Wycliffe Clitrila ) ' HOIR, on ViRDNFSDAY. MARCH gist. Rlrnlstrg's atitata .. Tb.e Lay of the Bell" and rniscellas.eous Vocal and 4ustrucnenta Music —Mrs. 11. H . Pears a, Miss litrOertS, , , kr . Nv. H. wi,llington, Mr. It. R. P,!arson, Mr. J. KLowles, t 4ttcl Mr. A. Co ifliths. . AccompAV:sTs : Aiessrs. W. FL PAVTOI7. Sc V 7. A WOOD. Coma., CTOR : Mr. GEORGE WALLINGTON-. , Tickets 2s. is. and 6d., at MT. PEARSON'S BOID-ST.

MT ARRINGTON P RAD1.4...T IC SC CIETY WEET VE ND ER 'THURSDAY apd FRIDAY. MARCH.29TH & 30TH (13:ister Week) in the G.-YMNASIUM. ist aid of the BUILDING FUND of that r.institution. "Dreek Stalls( esk,ve,i),43. ; Second Seats and Ildcostr, 'lleserved), 2s. 6d.; Pit, Is. The PLAN of t•tveRESURVEDTSEATS OVENS on SATVR- M.Y next. March oeh at 10 a.m. at, tin P EARSCN S 13OLD-ST. For Cast and. fefil :particulars sea Bills #.~_td. next Sattiaay's Rxaminer." AUTIITTTI BROWNB, Hon. 11'f:rm. W. li.'OOOICSOI.Z. Hon. See.

tAPTIST SCIIOOIAOO.II. 11ILL CCIFFE, I , \VAR RI N GTOE , A GRAND RAZAA.It. order Aistintlished pittrotszge will , ut held in lite above,EYitoolr.u:n, ou THU ItSDA.Y and . VRIDAY NIAT..ISth alefi 16th 3.54..0171 INST. • The BAZ2IAII. will be 0 ENE t)• on THIJRSUA.Y at 12 . ,Welock by A. 11:; b ROW'S, 1331_ J. 'P.. ( Mecletabta.r of the -Lancashire aneT(CheThim Ass.,clacir a of Baptist; Churches), , And on FRIDAT. at 2 p.m. by 1411,,, 'BESSIE; I.3ITr2X)N. ~In gormectinn will tile 13,tz-tar CONCH 'RI'S will be held in the Chapel on THOKSDAY arki FRIDLY iVENINGS, , c°flarnesaciing st 7-30. A Museum of Cori,ities will Is- open eurinet.iie Bazaar. , A Public 'LITNOttEON on. TitURSDAY, at 1 o'clock.— Alckets Is, sd; etc.,. ADMIS3.ION to tit e Bazaar:: Thursday, 15..5.7111DAY, 6d..; . lIASON'TICICIITS. admittingk:oto days, ls Ad. , ProceeEls itmar,:if. liquide4lag the expense of recent Ina- , Drorentetts.

NAT ;ESL EY AN ZETHODIST CHURCH, wARRINGToN. UN D MARCH 11T1C. • '2EIOLD-ST It BET : 11v JOHN iOll-LTLAN, Rev. THOMAS 'All Beats Free at colr-lmencementt: Service. VEDN/ISDAY, THURSDAY, FRIDATTIILaBui 14, 1.5,15. €L RAN) liA Z • ;In aid.ot the bILLES,MERE-STHERT CHAPEL. GI,T.EST„ lisq.;J P., will OPEN ftae BAZAAR, :on 7• edne!clay ht 3.. It. G. kIENSHALL, Esq.. on Thursday, 1.'3. On Fridag a GRAND CONCERT *Fill be giveu tom: encirig at 7.4 OCALISTS Miss nezdows. (Livntnosi) ; Miss Gornnll, Bradbury. lr. Levi Citichardson, Mr David Fanshaw. 41r trfaynes, (liumoroua;. Ins rument,alists : Miss Flerrie f• t, SOoTiarlist ; Mr Tom Ford, So'okoncertina. Bee:hex, M. Asl,t,on A COP panist. Mr..l.4;l"ert Carter. A. Variety of EntertAinments will be ,provided, Art Gallen: Lime' •Light Views. Shadowgraph. Pam, bYtices of Admission: Season Ticl:ets (Bazaar only), Is. Stk.; rat day.,,Dp:OtO 6.o'clock, Ig.; aftpr 6,.Cd.; Second day, up • o'clock. 6d.; after 6, :A. Tickets ie.:. Concert, Is. 6d-, le., 7,,anch Zd.

WEDDING 11.117.115.-PURE ~GUINEA GODD 22-CARAT 'WEDDING} RINGS. Largest Stock and values in the town or district. Rold by weight hen. 17_,(12 tot3s. All,elz.cs and shares. imel-ading the Round and aIWATS 1116tnek. A handsome present givcnt4,3 purr_Letstr. Finger size cards ostfree. ',LAND A. EUSTA.I7OE. THE ILLUMINATED CLOCK, 43, SANILEYFCTEERT, WARRINGTON. N.33.—btricq7 Private Room' for fitting. ESTABLISHED, RICA.

'TOWN KAU, EARLNCTOWN. A .11_ CONCERT In aid of the x-CCINGREG.AK2IONAI. CHOIR FUND Will begivon u the above Hall. MMICH 15ru, 1894. Tjeclusrs —Mrs. R. H. PEARSON, Warrington ; 1141-8 Earle.ftwin ; Mr. W. HOWARD, Mr, Mr...•. 5. HAYNES, Humorist, Warrington- v. 4,ianist, Mr. T. R. FORD, 'cellist, Mr. 11. BOND, 'solo Mr. Ell.. H. PRARSON, Warfington. Accompan, W. H. T.HOMP#iON., era open t..t 745. Concert at 7-45,-4ezriages at 10. 4'berved kier..ts ,2s. ; Second Seats, Is. ; a few Back Seats 6d.

WM. "SONIIIINILLE AITD SONS. COINBRS; CABINBC MAKERS AND t UPHOLSTERERS. :83, BACK PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER. .3iskers .of.-o.aery description of WINDOW BLINDS. (Ct.trges rue•ierate. Repairs promptly executed. ,PrETABLISERD 25 YEARS.

HALL'S MY HATTER. NOW SISAPES, NEW .STYLES, LOWEST PRICES PGR THE SPRING. HATO AND CAPS .or EVRRY ,DERMIPTION Can be obtained at HALL% NOTED HAT Sur'. I. MA:REEET GATE. WARRINGTON.

gf`f QUEEN '8 HOT (late Nag's 1111), WARRINGTON% DINNERS. LUNCHEONS AND TEAS. LAUREN CE FLOOD. FRO PRIETO%

QOUTIIPORT, SUNNYSIDE HYDRO, Promenade kJ extension. Physician, Dr. Bernardo. A summer and winter residence, combining all the comforts of a pleasant home. Sea view, parks, pier, and trams near. New Tur!cisti and other baths, billiards, and tennis. Terms moderate.—J. BOOCOCK proprietor.

WILD'S TEMPERANCE ROTEL, 34 TO 40, LUDGATE RILL. NOME COMFORTS. CLEANLINESS AND QUILT, • Central for business or pleasure.

TO VISITORS TO LIVERPOOL. HUG VI E'S TEMPERANCE COMMERCIAL 110 TEL, 18, OLD HAY (one door from St. Jthn's Lane). LIVERPOOL. Close to Lime-St.. Tithelsarn-St., and Centrßi BtatinnS. First-class Bed and Sitting-room accommodatit-in, CHARGES (inPluAlgg attendance) la. 6d. to 2s. 't er night. BIiEAKPALIX, AYINICEItS, TEAS, at moderate Prices.—PARTIES CATERED FOR.

DUPTURBS, FOR MIRE OF RUPTURES. it T. EgGGINGTON'S Improved Effectual TRUSS for Cure of Rupture • registered; consulting hours 10 till 3. Trues and Surgica!l. Appliance Works, 7 &9. Grocvenor-etroet. Lon- aon-road. Manchester. IVII. BENNETT, 20, Arpley-street, Warrington Coal Agee,. Various qualities supplied. Agent for Pullar'a Dye Watts.

ASSAGE TAUGHT in Manchester ; terms IA is. It. for a etiurse of six lessens--Anly Miss GnFT2CFIELD. home for hospital-trained Nurses and Paying, rettients. Stamford-road. Bowdon.

7-INICERS of most big races last, year. Send 'Ss. vrtd name race. 'hi-al ls.-20, Coxviell-roati.

stead. lINCOLN llANDlCAP.—Rernember OLD PRINC., Al and his LAST 'SEASON WINNERS'. As a goedthing for the above race, eaelose P.O. for ONE SHILLING to F. W. 'PRINCE. 16, ncrsciam Terrace, Feckrtt-4t.., Leeds.

TO SPORTSMFN.—Advertiser hns 'been connected t_ with Principtil llacisig Stables for ten years ;iE a mem- ber and commissioner of the Principal Clatis Will send his 1.-;ocoln HANDICEP SIMECTIONon re.ocipt of T stamps. —F.. BROWN, 43, Chapman-st., Oldham-rota. ilatickester.

rji G. PATERSON, JL • FLUSHING, HOLT:A.I7D. LTNCOLICHANDICAP, GAD ITATIONAL. DERBY, giPO. 'Tile TURF REG EST twice (11017, is Evirwlx&ed past free on receipt of address. Douti;e, and Tieble Events on all Tritieival Races.

I N'G. II A It 111 (late BoAlmirociAN-HIC-Zlt;Pm,P P oh7py Address, FLUSHING, HOLIANLf, Postspgel2tel. Price list preolidiv:(l' eoriffaili T 1 g latest criarlit4t movements, forwarded free on receipt orrost- card csantkining address. O 11%11RESENTATIVES AT RACE MEETINGE.

N HANDICAP AND GRKiLi NATIONAL. -- Free 0111 D JACK DICKINSON,wiII-e,ed Brilliant Frfe Free. 'Cterits for above (equal to Wolf's Crag file. Free Fe ,CicAster) entirely free.—Send. •str‘inpeci adrlresi Free Fe .61::ick to J. DICKINSON. Htratio Doom, Free rnee t:f eds. Free

EST krivislTrD,lBBl, JAMES WI :TESTER, MIDDBLBURG, HOLLAND. ''The Turf Chronicle," containing the latest market vnovements on the LINCOLNSHIRE 14 ANDICAP, GRAND NAV7ONAL, CITY AND S'IMURIIAN, DERBY, c.. ate: all other truitcrtant events, forwarded free on,receiot of -,ddress. DOUBLE AND TREBLE EVENTS. STARTING rnwEs ON ALL IIACB3. ACCUttIITLATIVWCOMMIs•MONS. NO STARTING PRICE ,LIMIT ON THB PRINCIPAL RAUES.

• CHESHIRE COUNTY The County Council offer,,foreomp Mien 'MN DAIRY . €.l-10LA1fSHIYS POR'FEMALES of 16 .yea,rs of ave i ?n-,..war,is, tenable -a tk3 Dairy inst.tute, Woli,s;on. for ht weeks, conanecCill ATil 10th, 1894. Applical ions ,enonlii be fo.rviarded-to the untl rs gned lat,r than 'March 14th. RICHARD P. WALE), Orwinieng Secretary.

DANCING. MISS CAVANAGH. ;,f Warling-too, ho'dc a SELECT CLASS In the NEWTON TOWN 'HALL, on WERNESqAYS, at 7.15 p.m. Terms, :Os. Cd. per Term. Application may bo made to OZ, Bewsey-et.;"Warrington.

DkNCING.—Class for 'Beginners an:d Advanced Pupils &By ,(afternoon and evening); Pri /..te Lessons and Practice with lady asststants at any hour; compl,t e system of instruct:en. Adnits- who have ne,..er learned to dance thoroughly taught; age immaterial; proficiency guaranteed ; professional lessons given ; Skirt Dances; Fancy Dances ; lolanthe ; the Barn Dance, and all latest novelties ; Schools and •Famalics att enthd ; fees moderate. Pro.pectus containing full particulars on applicotion. Trig M ANCHESTEU ACADKAIY Of DA.NCING, Thornleigh, 68, Upper Brook-street. Manchester. Principals Mr. and Wm GEORGE ALEMLNDER.

COUNTY OF CHESTER. CONTAGIOUS DISEASES (ANIMALS) ,CTS, 1878 AND 1886. CLEANSING AND .DISINFECTION OF MARKETS, FAIRS, SALEVARDS, .PLACES OF EXHIBITION, OR OTHER PLACES -USED FOR ANIMALS. NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that- the i..7xecutive Committee of the Local Authority of this County, at a Meeting held at the Grewe Arms Hotel, Crewe, on Thursday, the Ist day of March, 1894. ORDERED—That the eriPsting Regulations made on the 30:h day of June, 18a4., as to the Cleanciog and Disinfection of Markets, Fairs, Saleyards, Places of Exhibition, or other Places used for Animals, should be amended by providing that the Owners, Lesrees, or Occupiers of such Markets, 'Fairs, Saleyards, Places of Exhibition, Sze., should Cleanse and Disinfect the same. to the satisfaction of the auspector • for the District, within 48 hours from the conclusion of such Karket, Fair, Sale. or Exhitionof Animalsokc., such Cleansing and Disinfection being •carried out in the following manner, viz :- 1. By the sweeping out and effectually removicg all dung, sawdust, litter, and.other matter. 2. By the thorough cleansing thereof with water. 3. And if and when required by an Inspector, all parts of such places used As before-mentioned r4hall be well sprinkled over with a solution of catholic acid and water, in the following proportions' vi, half-a-pint of corbolic aekt well mixed with each gallon of water. REGINALD POTTS, Clerk of the theshire County Council. Cheater, Ist March, 1894.

OBERT WILLIAM MARSH, deceased.—All lt Persons having claims against the Ristate of RobeA WiIIIRITI Marsh; late of Werringtoil,Cibinet Manufacturer, are requested to send particulLt, of same forthwi, h to the under- signed, to wham 4140 ll axequnts owiae to t!le said Estate should h? p4O. Dated 22nd iPebrurv. 14. H. B. WIIITT3 and SONS. 17, CAIRO STREET, WA-MINI:110N. Solicitors for the Executrix.

DIVISION OF RUNCORN INTO WARDS. THE COUNTY COUNCIL Or CHESHIRE have appointed a Commi,.tee to hold an INQUIRY in regard to the above-earned matter. Such Inquiry will BE HELD at 3 15 p.m. in the Board Room. Town II:=11, RUNCORN, on FRIDAY the I.Pth inst:, at which all persons lots: ested may at tend and be heard. ' S. TAYLOR, • • Chairman of the Runeorn Improvement Commissioners. Town Hall, Runcortt - •

TRY THE NIANATOLA BLEND CEYLON TEA 2 EI LB. SOLD in 1-Ib. Packets, 6,1, each W. H. HURST. 23, 'MARICET-STREET,. WARRINGTO.N..

"ERVICE: R MAJESTY'S BO.? CUTIRS !en per annum. 270 to £l9O do. F,XCISE ASSISTANTS • - „ £250 de. CUSTOMS FEMALE CI—EVE: • H IPS ASSISTANT SURVEYOR of TAXES , £loo ~ £llO do'. IZapid preparatiOn by Correspondence for the above. Low fees and suet:- ss kaarantetd to work ers.—F ull• particulars on application to W. JONES, 8.A.„ CiviL-SEavicE COLLEGE. WEST Houst, GOOLE.

PRUDENTIAL AQSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED. Chief Mice: HOLBORN BARS. LONDON. - SUMMARY OF THE REPORT presented at the 45th Arantal Meeting held on Ist March, 1894. The directors have much pleasure in presenting their re- port and accounts for the year 1893. ORDINARY BRANC at he number of policies issued during tke year was 54,558. assurine the sum of £5 627,065, and producing a new annu 1 premium inc me ot £304,92i. The premiums received during the year were £1.8543370, being an increase of £183,759 over the yea- 1892. 111 e-claims of the year amounted to £478,564. The number of deaths was 3397, and 154 endowment assurances matins d. The number of policies its force at the end ef the year was 335,r5.6. INDUSTRIAL BRANCH.—The,precniums received during the year were £3.971.863, being an inc-ease of £122706. The claims of the year amounted to £1;662,763. The nuna- ber of deaths was 185,033, and 1,267 endowment assurances tiaetturea. The numbe- of free Isolkies granted during theyear to those policy holders of five years' standillP, who have desired to dis- continue their psyrnents. was 5t,764, the number in force being 333,272. The viumbee of free policies Which became claims during the yenx was 6,424. ; The total mamberof 'policies in force at the end of the year i was 10,476,393 ; their average duration is seven and a quarter I years. The assets of the company, in both brateoes, as shown in the b.-dance-sheet, are £lB.h 38,165, being an increase of £2.229.213 over fle-e of 1892. The system of annual distribution of prof•ts begun last year, is ving given satiefaction stile to polityholders and share- holders. the directors' have decided to cona;nue it, and a com- plete valuation fde the past year has been made. For this valuation the same mortalitystables nod rate Of in- terest have been used as tee previous yenrs—namely. in the Ordinary Braresh, the Institute of *Asteleries (Ilm.) Table of Mortality for•thie ltfe risks, and Mr: Faleiaison's Government Annuity Table 1884 for tile. annuities, and in the Industriel Branca, Dr. Farr's Rughsh Lfe Table No. 3. The net pre- miums only'have been endued in bens branches, the rate of interest in acaeli case being 3 per cent. The results re the valuation are as"collows In the O (Hoary Branch a surplus-it ahown of £442,933. This includestoe sum of £.7e0,300 brougl.‘ f orward last year, which It is 7lowintonded to increase to £too.ooo. I;i the Indust• ial Branch the Wapitis shown is £500,944, ineZaiding the sum ef £20.000 'brought forward last year, whichitiisnow intended to increase to £360.00. The tote/ surplus of the two branches as shown by the valuation is thus 5t'a13.874. and, eafter carrying forwerd the sums of 4t103.000 anti £36o.ooo•beforeenentiened, Ek 3,874 is let for distribution among the participating policyholders said shareholaers, In accordanet with he regulations of the eempan:y under itsepecial Act ef Parliament. In earryug forward sr large a bal:nee the direetors have adopted the same prtereiples.'hy which these were guided last year, but they E. •I-Scipate that when the system of air annual valuation has hada. long trial it may be asessi him to modify this course. The processissenad resiPts of the seluatien, which has been carreed out, by the actuary, Mr. F.• School hag, have been sub- mitted hi Mr. saLose report is as follows Tharesutts of the valuotion of the liatilities of your ,company onsaie 31st Deeetsber, 1893. have been submitted easeandexamined by me. "‘. The bask upon which the valuations have been made, •and the methods adopted a-g the process, are the same as upon the lest occasioneand have my eeeire approval. And your resolution to retain a portion of the surplus each bran& is, I think. eradicions, having regard to the 'extent of the company's liabilities." The balance-Sheet has been submitted to Messrs. Deloiae, Dever, Grilahre and Co., whose certificate is appended to the accounts. Entractfromthe report of Mr. F. Schoolirg, the actuary to • the company. ORDINARY BRANCH.--The number of life policies in force at 31st December, 1893, was. 335 176, assuring, with helms, £37,612,474, and producing a premium income of £4805,758 per annum. After providing for all liatilities, there remains a surplus of £442,930. which includes; the Ell/11 of £70,600 brought for ward from last year. INDUSTRIAL BRANCH.- The number of policies in eristence at .31st December last was 10 476,393. including 338,272 free or paid up policies, and the amount assured. £lOl 820'883. the weeWyedremiunis reeeivaele in reap et of thsteepolitaes amounted to £80,094 per week, 0r•L4,164,838 per annum. After providing for all liabilities there remains a surplus of £.500,944. which includes the sum of £200,000 brought, forward from last year. Over £1290,000 is reserved in respect of free polities grant edin lieu of discontinned assurances, and to provide for the iincrsase in the sums assured given to industrial policy-. 116 Wet's. --- GENERAL BALANCE SHEET of the Prudential Assuraaite Company Limited, on the 31st December. 1893. Isitairelnk 8. s. d. Shareholders' capital irdinaryshranch funds Industrial branch fund Chaims.uneser life poiicies admitted 38,325 10 6 £18,538,8°5 10 5 AssaM s. d. British Government Securities (Consols) Railway and other Detentures and Deben- ture Stock Loans,County• Councilelluntcipal, as other rates 4,744,55 11 3 Freehold ground rents and Scotch feu duties 2,399,803 18 5 Mortgages . MetropaTitanaConsolidateci Stock, and City of London Bonds Bank of England Stock Freehold and-Lesseheld Property Indian and Colonial Government Securities 915,660 1.1 5 Reversions tailway and other Shares 1,136,512 8 9 Loans on the Company's Policies Rent Charges 64,514 1 0 Loans upon personal security Outstanding premiunss 307.418 3 10. Cash in hands of superintendents and agents' balances 48,583 11 7 Outstanding interest and rents Cash--On deposit, on current ar.rounte, and . in hand .- 315,664 15 6 £18538.865, 10 5 EDGAR HORNE, Chairman. , J. HENRY HARBEN, W. T. PUGII, tors. WILLIAMTi 0 0 . uWGEHY s Managers. W. J. LANCASTER, Secretary. We have examinee-the cash transactions, receipts and pay- merits, affecting the aecounts of the •assets and investments for the year ended Decemle r 31st. lasa. and we find the same In good order and properly .vouehed. We have also examined the deeis sad securities, certificates &c representing the assets and investmeas set out irs the itiense account, and we certify that they were in possession and safe custody as ota Dezember 318 t, 1893. ' DELOITVE. DEVER..IIKIFFITHS, & CO. 14'h February, 1894. PROSPROTUSES, BALANCE SHEETS, &c. may be had 'roan Any of the local agents, assistant superintendents, and at the district office, 69. SiWkey-street. Wareillgton. N. GORTON, District Superintendent. Susaerintendeat for Earlestown. J. DEAKIN, 83, Market-street.

STOTHERTS' HEADACNIZ & NEURALGIA POWDE2S. A certain cure in 10 minutes. Frc= all Chemist...l. G rocers and Co-operative Storc s, or direct fc4nz. the Itropri.4.ore Pos( Fre.e, 14 or 33 stamps. In Boxes 11. id., and 2s. 9d. R. STOTHERT ANI) SONS., WHOLESALE CHENILSTS, ATHERTON. NEAR MANCHEVERR.

_T DAY, SON, AND EIEWITI"S "ORIGINAL" AND CELEBRATED LAMBING AND CALVING RE MEDIE.4. THE CHEMICAL EXTRACT. For Anointing after Calving and Lanabing. For Straining and Preventing Gangrehe. For all Sores, Wounds, and Swol ,en Udders. For Sore Throat, Strains, and Rheumatism. . Price 2s. 61., 3s. 6d. aud7s. er B Atle. • THE RED DRENCH. For Cleaning after Lambing and Calving. For Hile-boun I. 11, d Water, and Yellows, For Chills, Fevers; and r os•s of Cud. For Preventing Milk Fevers and Quarter El. Price 3s. 61. per doz. (Ewes); 13s. per doz. (Cows), THE GASEOUS FLUID. • t,• t : ,:„ Oeneral De,i*lity in Con,s Low Condbion. and Hovers Or 11lown Cures S our, Diar lino- and Colic, or Gripes, Cures Coughs, Colds, and Loss ,-f Appetite. Price is. 9d. per bottle; 205. p doz n. THE GA SEODYNE. Used as Laud, num for Dea,)erting Pain. For Severe Diarrhma and Influenza. For Paining in Bad Lambing and Calving. . For In imnuttory Colic and Lung Disorders. Price 3s. 6d. per bottle. SPE .IAL LAMBING AND CALVING CHESTS, with "KEY TO FARRIERY." COMplete. £3 3s, and £1 103. carriage paid, PAMPHLET ON LA MB- AND DIS.)RDERS, by Mr. T. G. Hewitt, m.R.c.V.S„ London, Gratis and post free. ROYAL ANIMAL PIEOioIND MANUFACTORY. 22, DORSET-STREET, LONDON, W.

SHIP CANAL MAWSON AND Co. Will have their GRAND AQUATIC TRIP FROM WARRINGTON TO LIVERPOOL AND NEW BRIGHTON AND BACK, On SATCRDAY after WALKING DAY. For which they have already engaged THE MAGNIFICENT STEAMER " SNOWDROP." Further rarticulars will be announced in due course. MAWSON AND CO., 35, SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

EADE'S GOUT Sz lIIIEUMATIC PILLS. -- THE FIRST TWO PILLS TO(.IK TUB PAIN AWAY. • EADE'S pILLS. 2, College Park Villas, Kensal Green, London, W.. May, 1891. EADE'S pILLS. Dear feel it my duty to tell you I had Rheumatic Gout LIA.DE'S pILLS. once, and had to stop at home for three Nc-rel4 s . I cannot describe the pain I suffereal. I read your Advertisement, and looked upon It as all others. A brother signalman said, " Try them.' I did so. THE FIRST TWO PILLS TOOK TILE PAIN AWAY in a few hours, mad I was able to resume ray work. No one need be frightenellolake teem. I have recommended them et OUT to all w hem I have heard complaining of Rheumai ism, lIEUMA.VISM Gout, Lumbago, Neuralgia. &c., I hope no one will doubt GOUT me st at ern en t.—Yours RHEUMATISM sincerely. JAAIES PETTBNGALL. Mr. G. Bade; i2.4A.D.E'S GOUT & RHEUMATIC PILLS. • Prenarea only by Cie ,rge Ea•le. 72, GOSWELL-ROAD, LONDON. E.C. ; and Sold by all Cherkists in Bottles, is. 1:1El. and 2s. Sd. 24 ADIE" S G 0r,7 8.; T RHEUMATIC PILLS.

THE BEST MEDICINE FOR BILE, THE BEST MEDMINE FOR WIND, THE 'BEST MEDICINE FOR INDIGESTION, IS EADE'S ANrIBIL lOUS PILLS. They quickly remove the irritation and feverish state of The STOMACH, correct the morbid condition of the LIVER, relieve the system of all impuritdes, which, by circulating in thernlood, ittjuriou.ly affett the action of the KIDNEYS. and, by removing the causes sf so much discomfort restore thewital energies of body and mind. FADE'S AN TIBILIOUS PILLS. Sold'by all Chemists in Boxes, is. and 2s. 9d. or •mailed'Free on rec Apt of remittance by GEOIitGE BADE, 712,`GOSWELL-ROAD, LONDON. E.C. - EA PILLS. ADE S NTIBILIOUS

• rn HOMAS ViOIVDELL. ESTATE AGENT, 1. MILL-ST., MARKET PLACE, WARRINGTON. Rents collected in Town or Country. 'Agent to Royal and Liverpool and London and Globe •Insurance Companies.

rp THOMAS• FRAIN, 'RENT and DEBT COLLECTOR, House, Estate, and General Commission Agent, 39, GLA.DSTONE STREET, WARRINGTON. RENTS AND ACCOUNTS regularly collected in town or country.—DEßTS PURCHASED. References and Terms on application. Communications promptly attended to.

•TANNERS' LANE COAL WHARF, WARRINGTON. THE PICARSON AND KNOWLES COAL AND IRON COMPANY, LIMITED, INCE HALL COLLIERIES, Nltiß WIGAN. LOCAL MANAGER, ALFRED PERRIS, All kinds of House Coal, Nuts, Burgy, and Engine Fuel kept in stock. Wagons sent to any Railway Station, House orders promptly attended to. I.l3.—Ord.rs received also at 19A, Sankey-st.

THOS. k../LARK, "EXAMINER" OFFICE, 33, MARKET-STREET, EARLESTOWN. A good selection of Reward Books, Albums, Ladies Bags, and General Stationery, can always be had at the above address. Newspapers and Periodicals delivered in the Neighbourhood.

SCOTTISH LEGAL LIFE ASSURANCE SOCIETY. MR. JOHN GOLDIE, 46, Arpley-street. Warrington. has been appointed District idananger of the above Society ia place of Mr. A, LANG.

SOUTH LANCASHIRE, LOAN, DISCOUNT, AND INVESTMENT COMPANY, LIMITED. Head Office: 168, ISLINGTON, LIVERPOOL. LOANS from £5 to £l,OOO on personal or other security. £l5, Repayable 6s. Weekly, Entire Charge £1 2s. 3d. £5O, „ 20s. „ Pt £3 9s. Od. £lOO, IP 405. tp 2.6 16s. Od. ALEX. GORDON. Manager.

RAILWAY PASSENGERS' ASSURANCE CO. MURES AGAINST • RAILWAY ACCIDENTS. • ACCIDENTS OF ALL KINDS, EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY. CAPITAL £1,000,000. Es rABL/Sla RD 1849. COMPENSATION PAID £3,350,000, 64, Cornhill, London. W. D. MASSY, secvetarics A. VIAN, AGENTS Warrington M. C. J. HOLMES, Market Gate. Mr. W. H. RIGBEY, Central Station. St. Helens Mr. J. B. LEACH. Hardahaw-street. Xnuteford Mr. ALFRED E. CUTTER. Sandbach Mr. R. FINLOW. Rookery Bridge.

(MORRIS'S TOLU AND HONEY, I I The only Cure for Colds, Coughs, I Bronchitis, &e. - 1 FACTS. -{ MORRIS'S TIC-CURE PILLS i The only Cure for i NEURALGIA, TIC, AND TOOTHACHE. I I MORRIS. CHEMIST. I ALEXANDRA ROAD, MANCHESTER, 1 end nll Dealers.

' fakek 4 . • ` ' • Ev 171 SANKEY STREET, WARRING-TON. 4 SPRING SHOW OF MANTLES AD444.4 'd; • JACKETS, ON WEDNESDAY NEXT, MARCH 14Tu, AND FOLLOWING DAYS. ALL THE LATEST STYLES IN TAN AND BLACK JACKETS AND C'APES. SILK AND BEADED MANTLES, &C. 4 'EVANS, 17 SANKEY STREET, WARRINGTON.

It W. MARSH, DECEASED. FURNITURE. GREAT CLEARANCE SALE. OF LARGE AND VALUABLE STOCK. Owing to the death of the late Mr.R.W.MARSH. the whole of the Valuable Stock at 164,and166, BRIDGE FOOT, WARRINGTON, which must be CLEARED at once, will be sold AT GREAT REDUCTIONS, for CA S Fl. ThePUBLIC are inv'ted to call and inspect the Stock which is all marked AT VERY LOW CLEARANCE PRICES, now on view at 1_641 S: 1661 BRIDGE FOOT, WARE INGTON„

_I_fIBASTROUS WRECK. Any homes are completely wrrcked and ruined by the one great mistake a f Furnishing on the Hire System. The system itself would le all right if not identified with arbitrary agree- ments, whick mean that. if the purchaser misses a payment then they are liable to have all the goods forcibly taken away, the furniture is not reliable, and the prices charged exhorbi- taut. Worsley's, of" The Pantheon," Gavtitorn, Manchester, are quite willing to give credit on the following terms —l. The exact cash price always to be charged. 2. A charge of 10 per cent, for the convenience of credit. For instance, we h ye four houses of f maitre on view, removed f,otn the suburbs, at £l5. £25, £35, and £45. nett, cash, not a p nny less under any circumstances, but, for 10 per cenL added, any of the same may be purchased by easy payments. Write for particulars. Bsware of buying new London Furniture. "The Pantheon" is tilled f o over ,wing with over £2OOO worth of High Class Secondhand Furniture, by Lamb. Gillows, Ogden and Garnett, at prices below new furniture. Thou,ands sf ilargains lay awaiting inspection at" The Pantheon." For instance, a Fine Handsome Spanish Mahogany Sideboard. by Dove ton, may be had for 15 guineas cash, cost New £95. No clairge made to see this wonderful Bargain. Over 100 Dining-roorn Suites on View. -W. H. WOES LEY, THE PANTHEON, GAY- THORN, MANCHESTER. —See also Wor ,ley's advertise- ment on page 4.

OVER £45000 WORTH OF STOCK AS UNDER. ALL REDUCED. Come in your Thousands. Don't be kept away. Bargains for everybody. tTICSWORTH'S SUPERIOR TAILORING For Style. Fit, and Finish, High-class Materials, acknowledged to be the beet in the districr,. SEE THE ASTOUNDING REDUCTION IN WINDOWS. UNSWORTH'S HOSIERY Sr, SLTIRTS, SINGLETS, DRAWERS, CARDIGANS, SILK HANDKERCHIEFS AND MUFFLERS. Immense Stock. The best quality goods at alarming sacrifices. We ask you to inspect. See prices in Windows. TUT TifSREADY-MADE CLOTHING. £1,300 to be slaughtered! OVERCOATS all sizes. SUITS all sizes, TROUSERS all sizes. Working Clothing for all trades. Don't miss this chance, it will pay you to come. UNSWORTir S Have been the leading HATTERS in this district for over 20 years. Elastic, Easy-Fitting, vPry Flexible. 1,000 dozen newest styles in Hats and Caps. Stock must be REDUCED, SEE WINDOWS. UNSWORTH BROS.' GREAT SALE, HIGH STREET. RUNCORN.

Rpbipping gl. ottre.

LIVERPOOL, LLANDUDNO, BEAUMARIS, BANGOR, MENAI BRIDGE, ST. TUDNO, THURS- DAY, 22nd MARCH, leaves LIVERPOOL at 1-30 p.m. arrives back Liverpool, 815 p.m. GOOD FRIDAY, SATUR- DAY, MONDAY, TUESDAY, and WEDNESDAY (23rd, 24th, 26th, 27th, and 28th MARCH.) Leaves Liverpool 10-45 a.m., arrives back Liverpool. 6-15 p.m. Passengers between ,Beaumar s, Bangor, and Menai Bridge will sail in the AIENAI, ss. For Fares Ac. apply to T, E. BARLOW, 20, Water-st., Liverpool. N.B.—Reduced Fares for Parties it 20 and over.

NAT/lITE STAR LINE ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS. LIVERPOOL t.) NEW YORK via " . • Queenstown, Evuur WEDNESDAY. GERMANIC...Wed.. Mar. 14 *TELLIONIC... Wed.. Mar. 21 Cotton not carried on Passenger Steamers. Second Cabin will be cameo on toe voyage marked thus*. Steerage passage including Outfit free of charge to New York. Boston, and Philadelphia, at low rates. The splendid Vessels of this line are all the largest class, uniform In model and arrangements, and unsurpassed in the completeness of their appointments. Saloon and State Room amidships. Apply to IsmAY, Istitix, and Co., 34, Leadenhall-street. London. 11.01.. and 10. Water-street. Liverpool

EMIGRATION TO ALL PARTS OF THE WORLD; 4 JOHN WA LKER AND CO., .711 i " EXAMINER " OFFICE. WARRINGTON. AGENTS FOR CUNARD LINE for NEW YORK every SATUR- v DAY, and for BOSTON every THURSDAY.

AMERICAN LINE-4SOUTHAIPTON to NEW YORK, direct every SATURDAY. and LIVERPOOL to PHILADELPHIA, every WEDNESDAY.

LATEST NOVELTY. c HENRY MILES' 411: 1.. PATENT SEAMLESS GLOVE, CAN BE HAD IN SUEDE OR KID, tz4 Guaranteed Quality. FOR LADIES AT 2/111 AD 3/11i per pair. FOR CHILDREN AT 2/111i per pair. FOR GENTLEMEN AT 3/Il per pair. "THE GLOVE OF THE PERIOD, and how it is made,"—A Pamphlet of 36 pages by HENRY MILES, Pest Free. HENRY MILES GLOVE IMPORTER AND FANCY DRAPER. 25 AND 25A, CIIURCII STREET, LIVERPOOL.

ItUARD," PRACTICAL LADIES' TAILOR. TAILOR-MADE GOWNS. MADE TO ORDER FROM TWO GUINEAS. FIT AND WORKMANSHIP GUARANTEED. LADIES' OWN MATERIALS MADE UP, 101 SLATER STREET, OFF BOLD STREET, LIVERPOOL.

BOOTS, BooTs,. BOOTS. GENUINE CLEARANCE SALE. AT C. SUDLOW'S, 15, WINWICK STREET. COMMENCING MARCH 10TH, ENDING MARCH 31sr INST. All persons desiring BOOTS or SHOES will do well to give a call to tho above address. All GOODS being SOLD AT A GREAT nEoucrtoN during SALE, so as to enable a SPEEDY CLEARANCE.

A PERFECT MEDICAL ELECTRIC BATTERY With all the necessary appliances. FOR ONE GUINEA. All those who mff -r from Rheumatism, Sciatica, lndiges-- tion, Neuralgia, Headache, or any kind of Nervous prostra- tion will find a speedy and Sure Cure in Colien's Unique Guinea set of Electric Apparatus. A MARVELLOUS CURE. Brook Bank, Timperley. Aug. 2.3. 1893. DEAR, SIR, I bought a Bsttery from you about two-and-a- half years ago to treat myself for Indigestion and Constipa- tion from which I had suffered for 40 year. After using the Battery for ta o months. lam glad to say the pain gradually ceased and I have not been troubled with them since. Yours sincerely Herr Cohen. J. KAY. RHEUMATISM RELIEVED. DEAR SIR— I am pleased to ssy that I have derived great bene- fit from the use of your Me,rical Electric Battery for Rheumatism in my hands and feet and have felt better in myself since using it, Yours truly. F. PRATT. Full particulars, Testimonials, Ac., on application to MANCHESTER ELECTRIC BATH CO., 130, PORTLAND ST., MANCHESTER. HERR COHEN. PRINCIPAL.

BLAIR'S GOUT AND RHEUMATIC PILLS. BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. For RHEUMATISM, BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. GOUT, LUMBAGO, and SCIATICA. BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. The acute pain quickly relieved BLAIWS GOUT PILLS. by these Pills. is Sure. Safe, and BLAIR'S GOUT PILLS. Effectual. Price le. litd. and 2s. 9d. per Box

SA,a2 BOROUGH 01, 7—, I.cl' WARRINGTON. WARRINGTON CONCENTRATED MANURE. -- MR. JOSEPH BIBBY. 58. ST. JAMES-ST.. LATCRFORD, SALESMAN AND AGENT from whom all uarticular, e,in be obtained. Attends Warrington Ccrn Market every Wednesday.

WARRINGTON CORPORATION CONCENTRATED MANURE. Sixteenth Season. GENERAL AGENT :—MR. WM. HOUGHTON, PADDINGTON. NEAR WARRINGTON.

WARRINGTON CONCENTRATED MANURE.- Agent ; Mr. JOSEPH TAYLOR. Lion Hotel. War- rington, who will attend the Warrington, Northwich, Ches- ter. and Knutsford Mirkets. All orders promptly executed. Analysis and testimonials on application.

IMPORTANT TO FARMERS. GARDENERS, &e. FOR SALE A LARGE QUANTITY OF BLOOD AND BONE MANURE. APPLY:— J. TOOLE, HOE S H SLAUG HT E RER , FOUNDRY-ST., WARRINGTON.

VALUAIILII RECIPE for making forr.b.Pry and keepingin god health. Sure success. -F. R., 9, Arthur-al.. lic-rtharupton. •

EGGS from Indian Game Dorkings, grand table birds and whiter layers 3s. 6d., sitting, unfertYle replaced.— GowF.R, Collrge, Cirencester.

IDORIZE BRED MINORCA EGGS, ss. dozen ; also Langshan .1 Brahma eggs 3s. 6d. dozen; carriage paid,—MßS. GREENHOw, Llanishen, Cardiff.

UGGS from pure bred Plymouth r:cks, immense birds, JA dark, evenly marked, 44. 6d. doz. Mrs. iIOtMES, Bradbourne, Deno. Sevenoaks.

ELIABLB EGGS from pore bred white or brown Leg- it horns, fresh d• ily, rood laying strain, 35. 6d., care- fully packed.—',3 OODWIN. Baystone Hill, Shrewsbury.

TNDIAN GAME EGGS from pen centaining first and _1 second Blackburn and birds bred from Frayns Crystal Palace Cup Winner. Claimed at high fiAttre ss. dozen.— CASTERTON Junr.. Market Rasen.

D EADWIN Fcxley. Dereham.—Poultry Coops 3s. each. hi Eggs ss. per sitting from noted winners, Langshans, Andalusians, Minorcas. White Wyandottes and Partrioge Cochin:3. with every order sent on Saturday I will present a Coop.—Rgenwri, Foxley, Derelia.m.

partintnts,ifurnmteb 30.ousecS,Szt

BLACK POOL. —Park House, Clsremont Park, facing the sea; baths, billiards.—TANlFF on application.

(1011FORTABLE APARTMENRS for two or three gentle- men willing to join.—Apply 39, Lovely-lane, Warring- ton.

SOUTHPORT —Superior APARTMENTS. two minutes walk (Tom promenade. Moderate inclusive terms.— Mrs. DaiwrowE. 33, Arundale-road.

OLBORNE DAL COTTAGE, Newton-le-Willows, to Ur BE LET. Furnished ; a few minutes' walk from Low- Station.—Apply on the premises.

NIORECAMBE,—Certain Cure for Chronic- Diseases; in fluenza, scro'u'a. Rheumati gout. paralysis wounds. Botanic treatment and home for Invali ts, board. &c., for terms. —Apply C. HOLLAND, 22, Green-st.

-DUXTON.—THE PEAK THERMAL ESTABLISHMENT. I/ The hest Hydropatbie in the district. Mineral Water and other Baths. Magnificent public rooms. Excellent cuisine. Table d'hote at separate tables.

Mantel,.

A NY Rubber Stamp name in Nick,l Slyer Pen and Pencil lA_ Case, 6d. rubber Stamp AGENTS WANT:M.—Makers 23, Tib-st., Mancheiter.

\A/ ANT ED, YOUTH for large °flee. Ocod writer, age Y about 16.—Apply by letter, Box 20, " Examiner " Office, Warrington.

ANITARY INSPECTORS.—PostaI Course f certifieste 1:7 of Sanitary Institute, London, 213. J. MORIUM, F.C.S.. Mossley, Mariehest,r.

TMPEOVER WANTED to Wheelwright. or one who has I been at the trade two or three years. To lire in.—Apply :CEOS. DENSON, -Bold Heath. Widnes. •

AGENT WANTED. £26 per quarter, rrlid we, kly, splendid opening. Experi,nce timiecPstary. Specimens Free.— Acitire-qs COMPO WonKs, Farnwort It. Bolton.

IDROFITAPLE employment, for g -riflemen in every Engli-ht ,wn. Full partieular3 posted for is.—Address MA, AGE t, 45, Kingsland-road, I ondon, N.B.

VLIRSE CHILD WANTED. comfortable home. with every 111 care and comfort —Apply stlttrg terms, Mrs. PdILLTPiON, SY th 'rn. Alford, Lincolnshire,

T)RINTING ! 3lemorandums, Account Heads. Envelopes, iL Pus ness CArds. Visiting Cards. Tea and Concert Tickets. is. 6d. 100.—FRANcts, Printer, Wednesbury. N qr -87 ANTED for the lioyal avy, Smart Active BOYS, ae 15 year •to 16i years. Also Stokers, Blacksmiths. and Coopers.—For pArt,culars apply Jo.NF.s, King's 'Arms, Buttermarket-st., Warrington.

AGF.NT'S, Perfect and indispensible production. sells _ itself ()pod connection and living easily made ; griming. Send _three stamps particulars and samples.— At.msLEY.-183. )'idgway-st.. Manchester. - ITOMB EMPLOYMENT. Writers Wanted ; easy; either _1 sex (no canvassing) ; insttuctions alwie 3d., copy with in.,tructions 9d. ; returt-ird if writing not Wain ; good in- come.—CHABINEY. Beaumont-road. London. N.

.t GOOD SALARY weekly offered, for spare time, to either /1.. sex, everywhere ; work can be done evenings. Apnly, with stamped addressed envelope, " ECLIPME " WORKS ZOO. Playhouse Yard, Queen Vitoria-street. London. B.C. -10)LAIN WRITERS WANTED; book agency correspond- ence (no book buying. no canvass ng) ; instructions alone. 5d.; specimen copy with instructions, 9d.; 'amps returned if writing not good enough.—F., 19, Upper Tooting- road., Surrey. PARISH . CHURCH, EARLESTOWN.—WANTED, an efficient ORGANIST and Choirmaster. Churchman and Communicant. Fine three-manual organ. Salary 220 a yrar.—Apply by letter with recent testimonials to the VICAR, karlestown.

HOME EMPLOYMENT.--,Plain writers wanted ; easy, either sex.. book ogency correspondence (no book buy- ing., no canvassing) ; instructions alone 3d. ; specimen copy with instructions 9d. ; stamps 'returned if writing not plain enough ; good income, genuine.—Addres3 W. maw, Bath Passage, Birmingham.

WARRINGTON IJNION.—YOUTH WANTBD.—The Guardians of the Warrington Union require an active and intelligent Youth who can wr.te wall, and who is quick at accounts. t assi,t in keeping the books, and to be generally useful in simi ar duties at the Parlgate Industrial Schoo!s alary: £l2 per annum, with apartments. wishing. rations, &c. Particulat s may be obt..ined ficrn Ma...MISES, superin- tendent of the Srhools. PAgtste. to whom Appleations, with testimonials may be sent on or before MONbA.V. MAncH 19th. Canvassing the Guardians is strh2tly prohibited. . JAMES C. SUTTON, Union Clerk. Bewsey Chambers, Wallington. March 70, 1894.

UNCORN UNION. —WORKHOUSE MEDICAL 1:1) OFFICER.—The Guardians require a Medical Officer for the Workhouse Hospital. at Dutton, salary £99 per annum with the usual extra fees. The Officers appointed will be re- quired to provide all drugs and medicines except Quinine and Coil Liver Oil and all Medical and Surgical appliances except Trusses.—Candidates must possess the qualifications required by the order of the local Government Board, be prepared to reside within the Union and to enter on the duties on the 3rd day of April, 1894.—The appointment will be maqe on Tuesday, the 20th March, 1894, and will be subject to the approval cf the Local Government Boar,L—Anolications in writing. st sting age, accompanied by copies of testimonials, to be sent to me on or before Saturday the 17th day of March 1894. By Order JOHN ASHTON. Clerk, to the Guardians. Runcorn, Bth March. 1194.

TOBACCONISTS and those commencing should call or send I for our Price List. Competition deEed.—OOLDBERG'B, Paradise-Bt.. Liverpool. Established 1850.

11011ACCONITS cemrcencing. T11(1. Guilt (post free). 1 How to commence.—TOBACCONINT3' OUTFITTING Co., 186. Euston-road, London, Manager, Hr. MYERS, Est. 1866. T EFT OFF CLOTHES bought, best price for parcels for- IA warded, if not approved, goods return ed.--Jsmics Goss- MAN, New and Second-hand Clothes Dealer, 326. 328, and 346, Deansgate, Manchester.

SECOND-HAND DRESS SUITS, Military, Tbeatrical,Band Uniforms for sale or hire.—JAMS GORMAN. New and Second-band Clothes Dealer, 326. 328, and 346, D.ansgate, Manchester. Also Gentlemen's misfit Suits perfectly new at a third cost price.

VOUNG LADIES who want to be independent and make their way in the world should writefor profpoctus of the SCIENTIFIC DRESS-CUTTING ASSOCIATION, 272, Regent-circus, London, W. Situations found for all pupils at good salaries. The Original and Common-sense SCIENTIFIC DRESS- CUTTING ASSOCIATION (Copyright for urope and Colonies. Estbd 12 years) require Agents and Teachers in all places whi-re they are not represented. Apply to MANAGING DIRECTOR, 272. Regent-circus, London, W.

I3ftttsiral instruments. CAPITAL Two-manual ORGAN; new; fine rich tone. splendid pitch pine case.—ALEX. YOUNG & SONS. organ builders. Bldon-et.. Manchester.

J. W. TEMPERLEY, MUSIC .SBLLER. 31 LOWLAND'S ROAD. RUNCORN. PIANOS, ORGANS, VIOLINS, Bzo. -Tuning and Repairs. AU kinds of Fittings in Stock. Arrangements made for First-Class Orchestral Band and Pianists. PIANOS on HIBB and on lIIRR-PURCHASE.

0-alts bp *Watt ,:rdlatp. GEORG t 5 JACKSON. P AW NBR jET WELLER. AND SILVERSMITH, 5, AND 61, CHURCH-ST.. WARRINGTON. • Dealer iai WATCHES. JEWELLERY, Marble ancr ether CLOCKS, FURNITURE, CARPETS. BEDSTEADS,. and BEDDING. CHINA, GLASS, GUNS, and MUSICAL 11N- 51HUMEINM of every DEfirription. Current Varket Price for old Gold and Sliver. LOW RATES OF INTEREST FOR MONEY LENT. CHATWOOD3 FIRE AND THIEF PROOF SAFES.

inXCERDINGLY handsozne WAL- NUT CHEFFIONIER, beauti- Payments taken. fully' inlaid. with Vail( US coloured woods, four very handsome belelled plate glass panels fn lower part, very fine shaped marble slab; three Prge bevelled-plate mirrors in top, which' is well carved and stylish in shape. Size 4ft.long by sft,6in. high. Ins.pec- ti. invited of this bargain. Only 25

T UST forft ited, under— speci4l con- tract, highly-finished English Payments taken. SILVER LEVER WATCH, by one of the beet makers in Lancashire, ** Yonklestone, of Manchester," cost nearly two years ego seven guineas. in perfect order. Equil to new. All tile latest Modern Improvements. 22 19 Warranted for ten years. S. 6D.

C— OST six guineas, perfectly new. very handsome and massive Payments taken. BLOCK MARBLE CLOCK, sizm 17 by 17 splendid design, Bronze Corin hian pillars, with gilt capitals, beautiful ivory and gilt dial. erfect time keeper. Warranted for seven f 19 6 years Sacrifice for S. D.

VERY noble pair of Florentine V BRONZH MARLY HORSES, Payments taken. or Horse Breakers. 16ins. high, per- fectly modelled. Very handsome and fashionable aide Ornaments for marble clock. Worth three guineas. 31s. Only

-VIRST-CLASS pair of OIL PAINT- 'NOS, " Marine Subje,ts " Payments taken. Capitally exeeut:d by "Burke." Sire 24 by 18, massive gilt flames 4} deep 27 6 Equal to new. A rare bargain. Only S. D.

VIM:MOLD BUILDING LAND at Stockton Heath to be sold.—Apply JOHN PEMBERTON, Stafford-rd., Wilder- spool.

DLAUD'S IRON PILLS (P.P.) enrich blood, beautify complexion; *gross, poet free, h.—TN:WAN end Co., l'EdinburgliL

FSALB, SIMI-BILLIARD TABLE. complete, by FFtlB and Co., Manchester, good as new.—Apply Wigan Arms, Wigan.

FLOWER SEEDS.-12 popular packets, post fres is. postal order.—The " R.C. ' AGExcy, Ruanlanhihorne, Corn— wall. (Agents waited.)

and ()N g,AtLEi, Mm.ki WORKS,l.lDll!irbv.hlrii lAYplcip*liyes, toalijd Guaos „NI cVck s 1,,,,r0 Fenwick-Street, Liverpool, T CUBA (the Painless Cure for Piles). Packet with instruc- Mons-, on receipt of 13 penny stamps.—C. PRZCI:, 15, Jersey-place, Cheltenham.

QPRING CLEAN LNG.-1 vembody- shouhlmake their own fun iture cream. Recipe 4 stamps.—Butn, Park- t., Waleoien, Wished'.

V OUR CHARACTER Correctly told from your linndwlitlng 1 or photo. Fee one Bhilling.—Addres :—MADAtvitc ELLts, Kent-road Blackpool.

IUANTITY of HOME MADE QUINCE MARMALADE. Finest quality is. lb. 6lbs. ss. 6d.—Mrs. HOLMES, Bradbourne Dene. Sevenoaks.

MU MAN Remnants in stuffs,cadcoes velvets, flannels, &e., 10:b bundles cheap, price list free.—W. CLARKSON, merchant. 41, Swaine-st.. Bradford.

DHO TOM?. A PE Future Bushand or Wife with position Is. 6d. ; cite year's events, is. 6d. ; 5 years, 3s. 61, ;Sex Birthtime.— Professor LsLR, b, Sir George's-road, South, ampton.

GREAT BARGAINS. Women s Navy Woollen Dress Lengths. erviceahle for anybody, cash 55.. and 7s. 6d. each ; also Black and other colours ; carriage paid.-31. MERRALL. Haworth.

AIEN, 6' Si wide de Lengthsoo, forto STaa ;; ;Vogt%) uceassehr g .7os ,s .3 tya do its bargain ; will give sfAi,faction ; carriage p,id. —M. H. MEP.- RAx... Goldsha X, Haworth. \\TONa7oDtsE Ri nk` U. LwlefeAkl.R plri;e72os lt6EdR (f c;rretr ebyv: pa r(lt re 4 hair, cretly packed 3s )—FICED. LEWIS and Co., LTD., 8. Fleet-street, Dublin. Ishane this paper.

GREY STAIR.— Surgeon's widow on recipe Is. id. will for- ward recipe for restoring grey hair to its natural colour, equal to most expensive preparations, for few pence. B. P., Lau: eta, Norton Fitzwarren, Tinton, Somerset,

TORN LOWE, Fire and Thief-prooi SAFE MAKER, has ON 0 SALE Milner, Chatwood, Chubb, Perry, Phillips, and others ; new and second-hand ; very cheap ; 100 to choose from. Albert-street, King-street West. Manchester.

GRAND CHAICCE for medium STAMP COLLECTORS. Selling colle4 ion. 50 different, Td. ; on receipt of reference will send picked specimens ; old no anials on appro- val. lia.a.nc, 12, Grosvenor Gardens. St. Leonards-on-Sea.

I 1 00 000. ISI loll,DdaLmaenracasstere:secelobrr ateAdmPahteoutorfrag: Professionals. Manchester Agency is at 71, Oxford-street. (All Saints). New list now aeady. Cameras bought or exchanged.

BILLTARDS ! BAGATELLE l—The cheapest house for Billiard and Bagatelre Tables and Requisites is HENNING BROS. LTD.. 29, High-st., London, W.C. Send for new Price BROS., cloth and cushion samp:es, post free. Established 1162.

VDISON PHONOGRAPIL—CompIete outfits or machines .121 only. Records, blanks, snd all supp,lea. Arnateut makers or exhibtors should apply for all their wants. Mac- blue. repaired&A. LemAx, 11.ouograph Office, 23, Caunca- st., Blackpool.

fllO BE SOLD, &gilt COTTAGES. in Princes-sf.. Endes- -IL town. Annual rent £9l 13s. Also six COTTAGES and one SHOP t Duke-et.. annual rent, £B3 9s. All to pay a good interest. Or rind rent of the lot, id. per yard. —Apply THOS. WILLIAMS, Cross Lane. Barlestown. TjiczrcmA.—" Dr. Wilson's Aczerna Cure" immediatejy J 2.4 relieves irritAtion and pain and speedily cures the most obstinate Skin Diseases, when other means signally fail. Jars Is. Id.; treble size, 2s. 9,1. At most chemists, or post free, direct from 20, Fordham-st., Liverpool. _ 1 00K 1 LOOK 1 1 LOOK !1 1 Greatest Bargain on Earth.-10,000 Waterproof Hoods and Capes, purchased from the Government ; cost 7s. 6d. each. I will send a Hood and Cape for 24 Stamps, post free ; quite new, but put out of service.—From Hr. JOHN GASSON. Government Contractor, Rye. Sussex.

CiOALS delivered in truck loads, at lowest market prices, k..) usual terms. Special quotations for Wood Goods, Col- liery Stores, Building Materials, and Farming or Estate Requisites.—Address by letter Only.—DAviDsoN, Coal, Timber and General' Merchant, Manchester Coal Exchange ; Telegrams ; Coal, Stockton.

HEARTIER CURES HEART DISEASE, and all Diseases of the Nervous System. One bottle proves it. Weak Heart and Palpitation Sufferers try this,; three bottles will effect a thorough cure. Of .11 chemists, or carriage free. 2s. 9d. etteh, of C. WOODCOCK, 190, High-street, Lincoln, or at LEwts's. Market-street. Manchester.

SERGES. E C. MOORE, Dress Factor, Bindsll, Leeds, has just purchased for cash part of a manufacturers stock of pure all w.,0l serges in Navy and Black, warranted sun- proof and waterproof. Price only 111 for seven yards double width. Sold everywhere at 18s. and 20s. a dress. Wonderful value. A marvel of cheapness. Stamp for reply if patterns are equested.

etHEAP GOOD FISH and where to get it. I will semi .anywhere in the United Kingdom a Bass of House- hold Fish, prepared for cooking. carriage paid from 2s. 6d. upwards. Fish Fryers, Hawkers, and other Dealers sup- plied with all kinds of Fresh nod Cured Fish, Herrings. ttc., in small or large quantities, Headless Haddocks and Coddl- lags from Is. 3d. to is. 9d. per stone. Cash with order, or Banker's reference. Quote paper. C. B. SEWELL. Fish Docks. Grimsby.

WARDED FIRST PRIZE MEDAL. Adelaide 11 Jubilee Exhibition, 1887, and Sydney Centenary Exhibition, 1888. —TO PICTURE FRAME MAKERS AND DECORATORS. Cheapest House in London for English and Foreign Picture Frame and Room Mouldings —all the newestriesigns. Two million feet alweys in Veneered and fancy wood mouldings, etc. Picture frame. of every description, oleographs,&c. Further reduction in prices. Wholesale Carver and Gilder. Every requisite for the trade and exportation. Special attention to country and shipping orders. Full particulars in pattern book and catalogue (85 pages 4to demy revised for 1891) for 3d. stamps.—H. MokELL, 17 and 18, Great St. Andrew-st.. 13looinabury, London. Telegraphic address "Rabbitry." London. stock lists %lid prices of glass monthly. free. •

rpo SKIPMAKERS AND OTHERS.—ON SALE, 100 1 Tons CANE, WILLOWS, HAZELS. Ac.—G. M. JONES, 11, Victoria Bridge, Manchester. Vrio FURNITURE REMOVERS, GARDENERS, AND OTHERS,—MATS, MATS, from 33. 6d. per dozen.— G.M. JONES. 11. Victoria Bridge. Manchester. ly.liffLES, WOOD HURDLES.—G. M. JONFS. 11, Victoria Bridge, opposite the Old Church, late 40. Deansgate.

V EA—ST, YEAST. XE A.ST.— Wholesale Depot ; all Brands; established 1343,—G. M. JONES, n, Victoria Bridge, Manchester. WINES AND SPIRITS. Cheapest in Manchester, quality conaidered.—G.M. JONES, 11, Victoria Bridge.

CEVERAL reliable Printing and Stationary BUSINESS/ZS k.. 7 for sale.—Apply tali. W. Moftiti3's Ilusineas Agency, Oxford.

QWRIYI3 TURNIPS for SALE us. per t -.n. Purchasers tcy cart their own.--Apply W. Wonst.mr, Nine Arches, Burtonwood.

QHAHROCKS for Irlshanen,—A large tuft forwarded ls., 13 less 6cl. chat-RT.—V. ROUSSFLL. Monkstown, County Cork.—Note oddress.

x-rnw SEED POTATO, " The Garton," iplendici cmpper. JOI good qualifT ; also Re-rrug Giant and Bruce.—PVrEa 1031ITH, Herld,10:10, FrOdSlialTS

141011E1*N STAMPS ; hundred. different ;irvaluding Cape, Erteria, Maaritius, Borne', 15.-710uP30N, Rutland Terrace, fockton-ou-Tets.

B Y PRIVATE TIEAI Y. large L?buble-frontecillhop ; mairs oro oglifa,e -; splendid posion for Drops' or Pawn- broken—Apply 15, liiidge-street,

44y) ARLOUR FOOTBALL."—A mew game et skill on itaaociation Linea. Board, Din. and Ball complete, is. 3d. pt free.—Lswietr. 18, Foyle-terrace. Dublits.

EARTITENWARE CRATES (Second's), from 20ts : Beat China, and Rarthenvnire Crates. fiam El ; lista free HAMMOND:3' 1iR09.. Victo:N Place. Fen. Staffordshlzre.

FSHOPKEEPER should sersel for sample 111 Crate of beantifully cfcls.orated Jet TEAPOTS. Satis- faction guarcNteed.—SHEalw POTTERY Ce4tIPANY, Lonjton, Staffordshire.

TO BR SOLD BY PRIVATE TREATY, six well iktilt 1 'COTTAGES situated in solborne near, new M.S. t... 4 L. Station, for p4rrk.nlars—Apply.7. C. LEES, 3wilder and CAS- tractor, Ashton-rnad, Golborne:

-VULL SIZI3 BRASS MOUNTED BRIMBADS wiAa 12 Spring Mattress and Bedding C mpieJe 455. Select stock. Spring mattresses to measure from KNOWLES. 64, Liverpool-ro,d Wanington.

RUGS! RUGS !—Goo df all wool. 81 t. long. 62 wide, and weighs over 41b. • Goverment grey ; only b3en used a little, much better t2te;n common new. I will sad one post free for 35. —From H. T. GOSON, Government .Contractor, Rye.

GREAT BA ElGAlNS.—Waferproof hoods rind capes'com- bined, very suitable for cycling. boating,. &c., cost ss. m +king. Government stock, never been used, Is. 6cli+,, carriaw naid. Write early to prevent disappaintrnent.—erls. .1)." BARRETT, Lynn.

DIAMOND WALL POCKETS. Buy direct from the maker at half the retail price, the cheapest, prettiest, and most useful article ever offered for making home atti ac- tive. Size 14-5 3 pairs 25., makes a handsome birthday or wedding present ; six pairs 3s 9d., each pair dilerent ; securely packed and carriage paid.— C. PARKE% StOke- under-Ham, Somerset.

HIGHT INCREASED.—Three inehes without. fear of detection by PINET'S ElevatoTs (Patented). can be worn hi any Boot or Shoe. Awarded Gold Medal, Paris. Cention—only obtainable, MATeoN PINET, 56, Berneriz-st., Oxford-st., Loydon, W. Pamphlet and gestimonials one stamp. Note 50 000 people increased their height last year by Pinet's Elevators,--When writing mention this paper.

STM:LIG-HT STARCH BNA.MIIL.—For polishing Shirt Bosoms, Collars, Cuffs. Lac Curtains, ,to. putting a beautiful gloss on the fabric better than wh,rt new. It en, ables an ordinary ironer t do b-tter work th m professimal laundresses. mak, s old linen look like new, pr,vents the iron from sticking, end saves many hours hard work each week. Used in the Parisian, launch les, is, per box, Carri- age paid, from the manufacturers. CRY and Co., 151; Dale-st., Liverpool.

cI_IBSON'S FAMOUS EMBROCATION." Analyst'S k_,V report :—" As a Specifil in eases of Cuts. Rheuma- tism. Lumbago. Snrains, Bruises, Ulcers, Scalds, Burns, Sores, and Skin Diseases generally, I consider it to be of the highest value, and as such it should be ready at hami in. every household. GRANVILLE H. SHARPE, Analyst (late Principal in the Liverpool College of 'Chemistry)." Bottles is. 11d., 2s. SI., and 4,. 6d. post free. Makers—Gison, Sons, and Co., Southport and Liverpool.

- - NOTTINGHAM LACE CAPES. SPLENDID SILK LACE CAPES 2s. 6n. AND 3s. Fn. EACH. Carriage paid ; superior quality.ss. lid , worth lss. fit and quality guaranteed. Beautiful white skirts, full size- trimmed deep lace, 2s. 61, ; trimmed with embroidery, 4s. 6d. good value. Carriage paid. WM. COTTON; Lace and Lace Curtain Manufacturer, Weekday Cross, Nottinp,ham.— Established 50 years.

,fEarbintrp, Sir., on

EIGHT Screw-Cutting LATHES. from 61n. to 141 n. centre ; cheap.—GatEswooo, 39. Nuttall•st , Rochdale.

lIUNT'S PIE MACHINE large size, cost ne,ariy £2O, sell for £lO, including ay.out 1 gross Tins and 'Blocks for. d., 2,f., and 4d. pies.—Apply J. Houla, U:d Swan, Liverpoo!.

PORTABLE ENGINE on SAI. .E (by Marshall. Sons, and Co.. Gainsborough); in gool working order.—Apr ly JAMES BIRCH, Coploy Farm, Netherton, near Liverpool, (nearest station, Aintree).

10 0 MACHINE TOOLS, comprising LATHES. DRILLS, PLANERS, SHAPERS, ENGINES. STEAM HAMMERS, MILLING MACHINE, PUNCHING and BENDING MACHINES, lc., ready--For list apply SCOTT BROS., Halifax.

ON SALE. TWO LANCNSHIRE BOILERS-: one 28ft. long, binglP riveted ; one 30ft. long. double riveted : each 7ft. 6in. diameter, double 31t. flues, #in. plates : Hick. Hargreaves, and Co.'s Limited, make, 1870. Can be teen at THOMAS TAYLOR and Sox's, LIMITED, Grecian 31i11.2, Lever- et., Bolton.

NATE LET STONE-BREAKERS, all types. with Steel or Iron Frames; also MORTAR MILLS, CON- CRETE MIXERS, STEAM WINCH. -HOISTS, PUMPS, STEAM CRANES, and PORTARLR ENGINES on Hire with option of purchase. New and second-hand, ready for de- liverv,—S. MAsox and Co., Brandon-et., Leicester;

QT. GEORGE'S IRONWORKS LIMITED (late Ormerod, Grierson, and Co. Limitet), Hulme, Manchester, have the Largest Assortment of WHEEL and PULLEY PAT- TERNS in the trade, and are in a position to Supply CAST- INGS, Millwright, and all kinds of Engineeeing Work promptly. Catalogue of wheel and pulley patterns on appli cation.—Telephone 229. _ • I:II.TENT OFFICE s E. H. DUTTON AND CO,. CHARTERED PATENT AGENTS and CONSULTING NGI NEIIR. S,.JOHN DALTON-STREET, MANCHESTER. E. K. D. & Co. are Poictical Engineers as well as Patent Law Experts, and are therefore able to give reliable advice upon the Workable as well as the Patentable nature of an in- vention. Circular of Information sent gratis. Established 30 years. N. Telephone 762. Telegrams Dotus, Manchester.

PECK ETT AND SONS, LOCOMOTIVE ENGINE BUILDERS, BRISTOL. Have in ptock ready for immediate delivery NEW LOCOMOTIVES with Cylinders from 10 to 16- diameter, 4 and 6 wheels coupled, with all the latest improvements. Full particulars on application.

pATENT OFFICIO MANCEI.ESTEP, ESTABLISHED IN 1835. Messrs. GEORGE DAVIES & SON have .ha. more than 40 years' personal experience in connection with this Establish- ment, and possess practical knowledge of the•cotton,.woollen, and iron manufactures. "Self-help to the New Patent Law," price 6d. "Colonial and Fa•eign Pateat Laws," price Is. GEORGE DAVIES, CE, & SON, 4. ST. ANN'S SQUARE. MANCHESTER.

BELL'S ASBESTOS PACKED WATER GAUGES, BELL'S ASBESTOS PAOKED COCKS AND VALVES Are the Best Fittings in the Market. When ordering new boilers, steam users should indent frr and insist upon having these instead of antiquated and unre- liable patterns. A Sample Set of Gauges or a Cook will be supplied= a two months' trial. Illustrated Priced Catalogue post free from PUTZ, CURPHRY AND CO., THE ASBESTOS, INDIA RUBBER AND ENGINEER'S STORES, WAREHOUSE, 2, STRAND-ST., JAMES-ST. LIVERPOOL, Telephone. 1078. Telegrams, ASBESTOS—Liverpool.

• -11-71 JC ARMERS' STORES, WARRINGTON. BUTCHERS' SHOP. Country-fed Beef, Mutton, Pork, Veal, Lamb, &c, of the Best Quality, at the Lowest Prices. Deliveries in the Country. FRUIT SHOP. Fresh Supplies of Flowers, Fruit and Vegetables Daily. Wreaths, Bouquets, (to., made up on short notice. All Orders receive Prompt Attention.

Zirpries, Sa.ss(tcttes, Zzr. RUGGE CYLIA CO.; LIMITED. THE OLDEST AND LARGEST OYCLII FIRM STILL LEADS. BEST WORKMANSHIP. BESr MATERIALS. BEST STRENGTIIII, The Machine for 1894 is the cc-r) • On easy payment system or good cash discount. See our 'new cut line PNEUMATIC at pel2 12s. NET CASH. BUDGE CYCLE CO., LIMITED, Eli, BOLD-STREET, LIVERPOOL.

SAYETIESf SAPNTIESII SAFHTIBSiII CHBA.PBR THAN RVBE, Mbet Weederfal Dirgalns eetr offered. 1,600 Machinee, New andisscond-hand, in stbek; Single Machines at Whole-. sale Price. 50 percent. cheaper than other makers. Write at ogee for lame List, post hell, from W. R. WARRILOW, Regent-street eafety Works. Weston-super-Altsre.

BASSINETTRa & MAIL CAWS, BUY DIRECT FROM TJIB MAKERS. Pew Belled Bag trinettes Cheap, Ne Reasonable, Or Refused. HARROP '5, • 12.2, BRIDGE-STBBET, WARRINGTON.

k..,TCFAS r CTCLES! ! CTCLES !I r GARLAND, IRONMONGER:. WARRTINIBTON. STALE AGEVIT FOR STANDARD 1%4 AXES. PREMIER. EXCEIVOR. NEW RAPID, SUNBEAM and EXPRESS CYCLES- LARGEST CASH DSCOUNT. LOWEST PRICES. SHE WINDOWS. REPAIIN.

TRH OLD-RSTABLIHRD BASSTNBTTR WARRHOUSIt. Beware of spurious imitatierm The best and cheapest Carriages in the town or district-. (No connection with any otaer firm of the same name.) ITT ASH TON, 74, San key-st. . Warrin V* gton, menu- V' • facturer of, Bath Chair', Bl:sainettea. Hestia Carri- ages, &c., of the best materials and workmatralip, on the 'Remises, under personal super/vision. • Well-finished Bassinettes from 25a.,. warranted to run stralght. Mail Carts, Tricycle Horses, Doll Carriages, &c. Agent for Sewing Machines, Wringing and,Waehing Machines. WORKS :—BEAMOA T,STRBBT.

SLADE AND CO.'S UYCLEa SPECIALITY FOR 1894. THE POPUDAR HUMBER SAFETY. FITTED WI 111 DUNLOP TYRES. £l3: 11, O. The ORIEL SAFETY ROADSTER or RACER fitted • with an up-to-date Improvements.. Weight of Roadster 35Ibs. Racer 3lbs. with PNEU- MATIC TYRES. PRICE £l 2. 2 12P. OD. CUSHION TYRES.. £8 10s. 73; BOLD-STREET. LIVERPOOL.

BRAND'S BEEP' BOUILLON. BRANDS BEEF BOUILLON. BRAND'S BEEF BOUILLON. A‘mosT NUTRITIOUS- AND INVIGORATING BEVERAGE. Made by the Simple Addition of Boiling Water. At a Cost within.the reach of all. 11. LITTLB STANHOPB-ST., MAYFAIR. W

VURNIS It A T WORSLEY'S GAYTIIORN. 1.! HIGH-CLASS SECOND-HAND FURNITURE, by Lamb. Furniture removed from. Holly Mount, Seymour Grove, Trnfforl Mount, Old Trafford,and the whole of the furniture of Mr. Jackson, late of Greenbeys Lane, together with a large assortment of truly high,class and substantial Furni- ture. On view this day. Inspection invited. Purnittire by Uoodall, Ogden, Lamb, Gillows, Starkey, Nield, &c.

()1r,HY04313 n the BONA-FIDE with (... SECOND-HAND WARE- large a stock.—" THB PANTHBON*"

WEEKLY CHAT.—The Pantheon is tilled to overfloWing with real genuine good SECOND-HAND FURNITURE, at Prices that simply bewilder and demoralise competition. The resources of The Pantheon are simply un- exhaustible. We reproduce a letter written on the 15th of January last, which aptly describes the advantages of The Pantheon:— [Copy.), Xfl.7ltrary 15th, 1894, Southport Dear Mrs. E.—l have delightful news to tell you. Jack has boughtthe furniture, and we feel gratified that we belie-e we have done well in our purchases. We have secured every thing we require from "The Pantheon,". and though we never expected to reach our ambition en the limited amount we agreed to expend, we are qpite satisfied. Truly some of th- heavy furniture is sr,cond-hand, but' renovating and re- upholstering has made them quite equal to new. We bought the Dining-room Furniture, which was made by Ogden and cost £l2O for £45. It consists of a massive suite, a most lovely sloe board with Dining Table and Overmantel to • match, it is in old Spanish mahogany, matured to a dark rich colour ; we can have our money returned if not satisfactory. I may say that I saw a large number of suites that would have suited at £20,t0 £3O, but we feel in love with the one £45. You would hardly credit the enormous variety in .diningroom suites they have at" The Pantheon." I believe there are • always over 160 on view. The Drawingroom, • Showroom is really charming, and I should like to have pur- chased several pieces of Chippendale Furniture, be, for economy, we bought a Sheraton Suite with a dear little settee, two. odd Lounge chairs, and a set of occa- sional chairs, all different designs, but harmonising in ,colour. The cabinet is just what I desired, and must have ,float three times as much AO we paid for it. Two Occasional , Tables, Overmantel, and Coal Vase completed the lot for £3B. I must tell 3ou about the bedr oms. We furnished only two for the present, one in American walnut and the other in lancewood. The walnut cost *.:40, we paid £22. The lance- wood, we paid 16 guirpus for, and I think it is worth double. I won't tell you about the bedsteads, bedding, carpets, cur- tains. ornaments, and all the sundries You must come when I the louse is fmished and see everything for yourself, which is promised within a week, We must thank Jack's cousin for recommending us to " The Pantheon," and I cannot do better than suggest that you should pay them a visit at the earliest op. ortunity. With love, and hoping to see you the moment we are ready to receive visitors.—Yours sincerely, FLORRIE, Thousands of bargains on view at the "The Pantheon," Read the following testimonial : Cannon-street, Manchrster, March 11, 1893. Gentlemen, —Received the table, for which many thanks. It is simple exquisite. Enclosed find settlement.—Yours, truly, A. H. HARRIS. DON'T FURMSH until you have seen "THE PANTHEON.' Establi,hed over 50 years. sample Bargain :—Fine old Spanish Mahogany Sideboard, ;by Maple; name stamped on; cost nearly £lOO. price 19 guineas; another by Ogden and Sons, cost £55 for 12 guineas. Come and see the bargains for yourself. DON'T BUY ,LONDON NEW FURNITURE.

IiNT H. WORSLEY, "THE PANTHEON," GAY.. THORN, NIANCHESTRR. Close to Central Station. leaang to City-road. Take tram for Alexandra Park from Royal Hotel, Piccadilly, and ask the guard to put you down at Worsley's. [Bee also Worsley's Advertisement on Front Page.]

TEETH ! TEETH TEETH MACDONALD'S FREE DENTORIUM.. WHOLESALE AIV.IFICIAL TEETH MANUIPACTORI • (Registered.) 13:, H.M.R. Letters Patent. (Trade Mark.) The Best an%l Cheapest House in the Profession. Single Teeth. 25.; Sets. 20s. Pit and Quality Guaranteed Patients fitted while they wait. A lady in attendance. The Trade Supplied. All best materials and work= "ehip Teeth extracted free from 8 to 8 p.m. . Teeseaxraite A trapeiedzeirthsosti : ien t pain. Free . ti consultations. Veie t," Manchester. .29. PICCA.DILY (Opposite I..itirmary Clock). MANOHESTER rrHE WARRINGTON SLATE COMPANY, LTD I. (Late John Nunnerley and Co., Ltd.). BUILDERS' MERCHANTS. ARPLY STATION, WARRINGTON, VELINHELI, PENRHYN, AND CARNARVON SLATES, CEMENT, LIME, DRAIN PIPES, FIRE DEMO, TILES. and every other kind of Builders' Materials kept in stock at our Arpley Wharf, or sent by road. rail, or vessel to any Town or Port in the United Kingdom. SOLE AGENTS for the RUGBY PORTLAND CEMENT CO. 'telephone No. 19. Telegraphic Address: " Arpley." Vi'gton

OaILI bp catutton. Telephone: No. 55. ROBERT LOWE, BSTAIII AGENT, ditMOURTANT..- AUCTIONEER AND VALUER. Orricke—Market Gate Chambers. Warringtcrn. AucTioNßootca—No.l Dank Street f AGENT To—Sun Fire and Life Office, London, Est.ll3ffsBee 1710. Norwich and London (Accident Plate Glass, Fidelity Teter,- anteo and Employers' Liability) Inentranee Associailbct. Established 1856. Imperial Live Stock Insurance Assochttes Limited. Eau tablished 1878. National Boiler Insurance Company, Limited. Established 1864.

.By Mr. WILLIAM ELLIS. SPRING SALE OF NOTTINGIUM LACE CSRTAINS, MONDAY NNXT, and two following days, at th&MANT. 37, CORPOIeaTION-NT , MANCHESTER. al 11 each day. MR. WILLIAM Elai IS will SELL by AtreTION upwaids of 1000 pairs of NOTTINGHAM LACE CERTAINS, sußahle for the Spring Season, also a variety of Wer LACE GOODS. View mornings of Sale. Cat... Vogues ready.

Ow gEntanai NEXT, at 11 detoek. The Roams. 45, Prince's-et.. Manehester.—Sale of Capita Houselictid Furniture; in Suites for Entertaining Rooms and Bedchambers, Oil Paintings, and Water-catour Drawings, by fiugxins, Hicks,. Paul Wilkinson, Winktield, and othertr;• Pianofortes. Bedsteads, Bedding. Hall and Staircase, Fitting Carpets, Mantle Clock's, Ornaments,. Yarn Tester; and WIRD Reel, by Goodbraudc nearly new, Microscope, and General' Domestic Property. A RTINGSTALL and HIND will SknlA BY AIIC- -1--1 1 lON as above, on, March 13, 1894, Capital HOUSE- HOLD APPOiNTSIENTS. Auctioneers' offices, 46., Princess- at., Manchestes. N.T: .1501

ON WEDNESDAY NEXT, at 12 o'clock. Bale of Capital Household Appointments for two 2IW ertain- ing•and three 3Yed Rooms Pictures, Blectro-platee, Glass. China. Bed Linen, Blankete, KitAlen, Culinary, vrid Wash- ing Utensils. anti other Property, iiiRTINGSTALL & IIiND will SELL B 7 AUG.1 lON on Mareh 14; 1g941. at Blm Bank, illiohiord Avenue, Lerenshuime, Capita! 3)03/111BST1C PUR NITAT RS.

bt Let. HOUSE ind SHOO LET, là Oxford-etreet, Lihrtze- town.—Apply fLiAtidelttir BOOT SHOP.

TO BB LBA4ED, good BUilding Band surrounding Orford Lodge, Orford-lane.—Baomt* 11, Queen-et., Warringr ten,

rOLET.—WARRHOUSH and YAltil. Grford-st.—Applly ASHTON and Woons,.Sicitr Hersernarket-street;. Wasrington. rITINTRAL 'WOMB, to be'4 TitomAs 1 Cownst,L, estate agent; • Milltstreet, Market-place, Warrington. 111 ,lINKSTII. HOUSE, with garden ;also several cottages.- 1. Apply Mr. ROMMT Lown; est Ate agent, Market Gate Chambers, Warrington.

TO LET, PREMISES, In centre ot, Warnngton, suitable for small workshups.—Apply Ammon' and. WOODS. Su Honors, 55, Borsemarket-street, Warrington.

LRT.--Stables. coach-house unct,yurd behind the Post 1 OM% Newton-le-Witlows.—Appty, to WM. RICHARD- sox. 2,Ash LOA, Oornhrook Perk. Manchester.

ItOOMS. suitable for club meetingsvb*. Atforde Chambers. near the Town Hall. Wldnes..—Apply J. EARNSHAW and SON. 38. South King-street. Mancbestec.

rpo LRT. in Cross Lane, lgarlestown.—One SHOP 1 with DWELLING-HOUSH combined. good cellar. Reasonable rent.—Apply THOS. WTIMHOSS, Cross Lane, Barlestown.

910 BR MIT, Shop, double fronted with dwelling. 53, Bewsey-street, Warrington. Two, seek oven, store rooms, Ate. Late business bread and conteetionery.—APPlV SIMLLAND, 12, Froghall-lane, Warrington..

• , ontrarts. lINCORN UNION.—CONTRACTS :$ for PROVISIONS I and SUPPLIES for the half-yeerrending September 29th. 1894. - The Guardians of the poor o the Runcorn Union are desirons. of receiving TEND ERS from parties willing to CONTRAC r forltie supely of New Mille, Blettermilk, Fresh Butter. and Fresh Eggs (for 12 months),. Hour, Oatmeal. ;Groceries. Peas, Cheese. Salt Butter, Cod Liver and Paraffin Oil ; Quinine; Geo(' Beef, to consist of vein end te islet pieces, the price to include about 401bs. per week of the Best tar eher's Meat for the Officers, and rides-. of Mutton, Bread, Horne Cured Bacon. Potatoes. Wheat Straw Drapery and C °thing, Men's, Women's Boy' s and Girls' Shoes, of various sizes, as per samples, to he seen at the Workhouse, Dutton, ' and shoe mending; House Coal, (Colliery to be named) ; good Deal Coffins, sp cifying size and idatuling plate with name, age, and date of death to be delivered in the Union when and where required ; Coke, Carting at per mile. Funer- als at per Funeral,—Parties Tendering for the supply of the above-mentioned Goods, w,ll be required to deliver the same at the Workhouse, free of cest to the Guardians, how and when required.—Tenders to be accompanied with Samples (except Dra. cry Goods), as far as practicable. The Guts-d- -iens do not bind themselves to accept the Lowest or any Tender.—Persons desirous of Tendering, must apply by let- ter, to my office, in Runcorn, for a printed Form ot Tender, (and none other can be entertained), where a Schedule of the various articles required and further partieulars may be oetained. Sealed Tender= eddressed to tile Guardians, to be forwarded to the Clerk's office, Runcorn. on or before Monday the 19th day of March, 1894, endorsed •• Tender for. 'Tire Tenders will .Ire o3ened and considered 'at a meeting of the Guardians to be held in the Board Room. Dutton, on the 20th day of March, 1894. et 2 p.m.—Parties whose Tenders are accepted must en er into a written Contract, and be pre- pared to enter into a Bond with two sureetes, if required by the Guardians. By Order of the Board, JOHN A.SHT(eN, Clerk teethe Guardians. Enneorn, fith March. 1894. WARRINGTON tlNlON.—Persons willing to CON- Y Y TRACT for the'Supply of any of the undermentioned articles from Lady Day to Micliaelmao to be delivered , free of expense at the Warrington Vniou. Workhouse, or at 'the Industrial Schools, Pedgate, at such, times and in such quantities' as the Board of Guardians Shall direct, are re- quested to send in TBNDERS, properly sealed. endorsed,and free of expense, addressed to the Clerk to the Guardians. before four o'clock p.m. on Tuesday, the 20th day of March inst. The following are the articles for whittle tenders are re- quired Groceries and Provisions Shoes, Clogs and Slippers Beef and Mutton Glazing,, Joints for Officers Brushes Flour anti Irish pin head Meal Coffins, Loaves of Bread • Best Oakum Rope for picking Beer and Porter Best Penmaenmawr Stone Straw and Potatoes for breaking purposes , Drapery, ec.c. Leather • ' Cord and Twill .Wood ,for cutting into Fire- Coal Slack and Gas Coke wood ' Earthenware . Samples of any of the above may be, -seen on application to the Master of the Workhouse. The Cleal and Slack supplied must be to the satisfaction of the House and Schools Commit- tees. The Pit and quality of Coal truest be named in the Tender. Forms of tender and full particulars as to the prob- able quantities of each article required may be obtained at the Clerk's Office. Each tender must be made upon, the prescribed form and properly enclosed and endorsed with the name of tire article tendered for, Each article tendered for must be of the size, material, and quality shown at the Workhouse or Schools. No Tenders for other articles will be accepted. Each contractor must be prepared (if required) to enter into security for the due performance of his contract. The Guardians do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any tender. All contract accounts will be paid quarterly.—By order. JAMES CLOOWES SUTTON, Clerk to the Guardians. Bewsey Chambers, Warrington, March 7th, 1894.

publitationo. 4 4 FIOW TO ENSURE HEALTH."—A medical work giving Prescriptions and Instructions for the cure of all kinds of Del ility ; post free, tw,o stamps.—Address Dr. BiaivEs, 48, Lonsdale Square. Barnsbury, Losidon, N.

LADIES' HANDY ILLUSTRATED GUIDE. By a LADY DOC FOR. Free, two stamps., Publtsber. 3, Colston-st , Bristol. Tn valuable information and blessing to womankind. Menti )11 paper.

KNOWLEDGR POWER.—Thirteenth Annual Edition of Explanatory Book, sent gratis and post free. gives valuable and reliable information how to make money quickly and successfully by Stacks and Shares,— Address GEO. ErAtTa anel Co., Stockbroker, 24, queen Victoria-st.. London, E. C.

REM TO MEN. When you are tired of taking nauseous and mpterious presctiptiona and compounds, which do you nogood, but only ruin your digesilye organs, write to me and I will send'you. a book which describes a QUICK AND CERTAIN cnre ter lost strength. wasting weakness. ac., from whatever cansfiirising. NO STOMACH MEDICINE. NO ELECTRIC- ITY. Bent in envolope on receipt of two stamps for postage. —A. J. LEIGH. 92-93, Great Ruasell-street. London. W.C.

OW .IS THE TIM TO EMI,GRATE. 1894 FREE E FREE GRANTS OY LAND IN CANADA.. 160 ACRES IN MANITOBA AND THE NORTH-WEST. REPORTS OF BRITISH FARMERS' DELEGATES, -top visited Canada in 1893, NOW READY. Other illustrated PA.Zi..rss issued unaer the authrvity of the Imperial and Dominion Governments, and full inform- ation respecting the hboye-territories, th,eir resources, trade, &e.. suvplied free hy MR. JOHN DYKE, 'CANADIAN GOVERNMENT AGENT, 15, WATER-STREET, LIVERPOOL, win has recently returned lion' all extended visit to the Canadian North West. .

Monty. 2900000 At from 4 per cent. (trust and other money) to be Advanced on Mortgage or Deposit of Deeds, In sums to suit borrowers, in any Part of the country.—S. V. READER, 5, Cook-street, Liverpool. Tel. No. 5.182.

A LADY HAVING CASH at her dispos,l, is open to make Temporary Cash Advances of £3 and upwards, in con- fidence, to respectable housef oldere, who wish to avoid the usual unpleasantness and routine of a loan office; no sureties f, re asked for, and habitual borrowers need not apply.— Apply personally, or by letter, Mrs. kloanwoon, 94, Widnes'ra4, W.ldnes.

• NO FEES UNLESS CASH IS ADVAN9AD.- STRICTLY PRIVATE ADVANCES from £lO upwards ea BORDOWERS' OWN PROMISSORT NOTE WITHOUT SURETIES. Upwards of £70,000 now beinglent antnually. For prospectus and terms, apply to GECALGE P:h11111-o Astountant, 20, liennedy-at., Manchester. RSTABL/SHED 1870.

.ANTRAL it COMPANY,' 25, MARKET-STIMET (corner of Corpor2tlon-tst:)!‘• M'ANCHESII4E. 1", ..it.-kOt ANS from 210 to 21.0M0' Pair Interest. No Safeties. Strictly Private; F. W. FLEMING, Manttger.

AIMIIESTE R GENTEMA ZNlraving a large amount A. of un;'Oested CAPITAL at/his command is prer teed to advance sar.ut to responsible persourin sums of £lO to 21000 on the borro-.ven simple writtea.promise to repay w:llhonts sureties, delay. law costs or pnliticity, also on deeds,'. Life Polici. s, Tr 4 per cent interest. The amount barrlwed Cali be repaid by easy instalments or capital can remain- So limz, as the intereit is paid. As this clike is a bons-de ,rivate concern aod not c ,nnected with any loan office .!tf is nquest”d that 2abitual borrowers will not apply. For foll particulars apply personally or by Intter to J. CAMPER int, Est, Manchester -4 hamb Ts. 46a Market-at, Manchester.

- ARMY AND BE CoNVIVOED. AAR. PRICE, 27 Cheet ham Hill Road, Manchester, ' ila is prepared tla ADVANCE LOANS ° from £5 and up ware to respect-0,211 Householders, TraJesraen, l'armers and others, without Boxdsmern or Sureties. at the. foZlowing scale of interest :- 35 LOAN TO Rff REPAID -, ES 5 0 ~ £l2lO 0 £5 ~ ~ R. 20, ~ 111. 371) 0 LARGE!. SUMS in s.tmer proportion. ALL ADVANCES ere PAID INrFULL, Distance no object. Moneadvanced at Borrower's Own Hou3et; thus saving them th 9. trou‘le and elpense of a journey. lahrm,s,re can hare Cacbon Terms that no other office can r (*sib/7 offer. Letters immediately attended to.

WIDNES AND WA_RRINGTQnsi. MR. JOBE E. GOODWIN continues to make AI.OVANCES PRIVATELY to Tradesmen, Farmers, lArking-men. , and all respectable Hc useholders, on their own pecurity. MONEY TO INCREASE 30311 SToCK. MO'NEY TO FURNISH YOUR HOUSE. MONEY TO PAY RENT CI*IDR3)TS. ), Without Bondsmen, without defay, without publ.4- enquiry. esta your eimplis written prcnaiseto pay beek.—Apply, Pt VIC- TORIA CHAMBERS (tootsePthe Central Station), TINIDNES. 'mad in WARNINGWN at my Residence, 134, Celldi,leine. any Evening Item 6 t 7. :e2plleations from RUNC?RIf and Rdetriet generally receive precisely the same attenticM

Oburattion. rar NIVEIITYScHooL, SOUTHMOT. A. mostiouccessful rAvveraroz School for Boye. - T. ISHOZWOOD. Priti*ett.

-- VI N. J. J. DYTHGO.E, L L. C. M., Profeseor of 11l Music, 16,i.80td-streeir,. WArrington. Quarter voter menses with first lesson.

T AWES' SCHOOL, MELCHET HOUSE, LYTHAM. —lnclusive terms, spechsl fen el-rgv, referenottroto parents, vacancy for artieled-pupir.—Principals, the Milne, HALitan. (Mies. S. Halket,L.L.A-.)

4 Iss LEILA BAIRSTOW, L.C.M., resumes LU lessons in Warrington, ;Annan' 23rd. Singing' ale Voloo.Production (Italian, method). Schools visited. Terms. &c.—Apply Mr. PEAMFON, 10, Boid-;t.

H SCHOOL for YOWNG LADINS. Ever LI comfort, careful training, tirst-raf professors, acorns,. plishments, all examinations, good house, heilthy suhurbc tennis.&c.—Misses LAmni`Grove Park. Lee. S. E.

9. RYLANDS-STRERT, WARRINGTON. • TH rgOOMAlst anL rotinElo tp,nrasliOr o F E wSISti f °l;nitn MUSlC,Church. begs to,inform his pupils and others of his REMOVAL to tlitr above address, where be h prepared to receive pupils fOr" Pianofolte, Singing, Harmony, &c.

ARCVILLE COLLEGE, EAST PARADE, RH VA- High-class Education fortlirls. Resident English anal foreign certificated go7ernesses.. Visiting masters. Univers' sities and R.A.M. examinations. Ilt lierence kindly permitted' to the Lard Bishop ,A Bangor: and Rev. B. Rose, Haslington, Vicarage near Crewe. Prhacipoti.::Mtass Miasma, W ELLINGTON COLLEGE, WELLINGTONi, SHROPSHIRE.. RE-OPENS. ON THE 22ND JANUARY FOR BOARDEIIqi- The most-complete Private. &hoed Premises in the Mid- lands. Splendid situation. Eleven Masters, Eight of whom are Resident. Prospectus on applicatiok trs the Principal, Mr. J. BAYLEY. rrNITTSFORD.-HEATH SIDE COLLEGIATO: IV SCHOOL (Founded 1850).-3OYS BOARDING ANVI DAY SCHOOL. Exceptionally healthy. Perfect drainage. P;ne pr,rrnises. Thorough modern education Boys prc- pared for, the profession Serrsice-, bank, office, or busi-• ness. Specisl individual attention, to backward or delicate boys. I''eparatory Department under a Resident Govern,'lnclusive fees. Prospectus at Gait's, 2, Corpo7ation-st.. Man:- - chester, er-the School. NMET TERM BEGINS January 22'1

M APIGHESTBR GUAMMAR SCHOOL"- ' Fee 24.4 r per term. The next Titlem begin s• WEDN HSDAY, APRIL 18mx. 1894. - Entralsce Examinatiom Use-same clay at 9 a.m. Prospectuses, Forms of application, &e., tinily be had at tbr Behoo'. OWRITkW. COX. Clerk and Receiver. N.B.—Boarding House open under the sanction of Ow' Governors. .

WIDNES A9ADINY OF MUSIC. PRIVATE LESSONS. SELECT DAY AND EVENING CLASSES. PIANO. ORGAN, HARMONI CM, VIOLIN, VOICE PRODUCTION, HARMONY, COUNTERPOINT, COMPOSITION. THREE FREE: SCHOLARSHIPS Tenable one year. Thirty-three certificates and prizes gained by studel2o- - the year 1891. Prospectue on Application to THE P-FtINCIPAL.

if ANDOLIN, GUITAR, 'ZITHER, and RAISIJ. In_ taught by PROPESSOR ENNIS and SHNOVOt RANDA.—Address Victoria Chambers. Widnes.

TITCY, AND CO., . Limited. INDIA. EUBBEIII. 4; PURE ASBESTOS GOODS. ILLEA.TAER BELTING. Guaranteed quality, Lace, Thread, or Copper Sewn, or CEMENTED ONLY. BONA FIDE MANUFA.CTUEBEO-, 42, Chapel Street, Liverpool, Also. at 35, Market Street, Manchester. London, Cardiff, Newport, ane.Dublith LEATHER WORKS, LIVERPOOL.

M ( ANCHESTER 1-IJiILBOTHINU DEPOT & 10, HORSEMARKET-ST., WARRINGTON. EXTENSIVE ALTERATION AND IMPROVEMENT OF PREMISES. T AT( TA HE AL. are noW diSplaying in their LIBW AND MAGNIFICENT RANGES, a greater variety "oon ever of THE LATEST FROMM fION in MEN'S YOUTHS' a,.d BOYS' OVERCOATS. A FEW LEAD; NG LINES ARE UM'S Double-Breaste,t MUNSTEES GREATCOATS (Lined Wool). AHN'S Double-Breasted MUNSTERS GREATCOATS (for Travelling) "KIM'S Double-Breastel MUNSTER or GREATCOATS (with or without belts) 21/ TO 50/ ?1 / TO 50/ iannaHL.ary3re'sWaoco.l sycitIEZES, Cheviots, —IN'S Chesterfield OVERCOATS, With Velvet Collars, (Long Lengths) UN'S Chest erfi,ld OVERCOATS, 18/6 with Velvet Collars (Short Lengths) FROM YRO. 18/6 In the Special Diagonal Serges. In Choice Hopsac berges. In the New Kyrle Serges. MARVELLOUS VALUE. Atßlrs Chesterfield OVERCOATS, in • Pine Blue 'Beavers with Silk Velvet • Vol._ jars 21/ win, Chesterfield OVERCOATS in Lai Wool Indigo Dyed Beavers. All _ll,Ol Milled Mettons Ac., with Silk26/6 TP :30/- velvet Collars *RN'S CAPE, Chesterfields (Extrais /,_, Pang Capes) / TO VI. MEWS INVERNESS CAPES, L'-‘ (lined))/1è Z/6 60/ Through TO - ISBN'S SCOTCH CLOAKS, (with or)')/It 60/— Without sleeves) / V? TO In Heavy Stylish Tvrceds—Vaiue Unequalled. • THE MisC• D. are showing a large and Olteiee Variety of Youths' and Boy's OVERCOATS FROM 15/ TO 35/ , rownrs Double-Breasted MUNSTERS (Lined Wool) YOUTH'S Double-Breasted MUNSTERS The Fashionable ; ()oats.) YOUTH'S Double-Breastel MUNSTERS, (with or without belts.) In Choice SELECTIONS of FRIEZII3, CHEVIOTS, TWEEDS, Ac., Ac. YOUTH'S Chesterfield OVERCOATS, With Velvet Collars. In Special Twill end Diagonal Ser;,es in the New Kyrie ouil Hops= Serges. In Fine Blue Beavers and all Wool Aleltons FROM 10/6 THE M.C.D. YOUTH'S CAPE, Chesterfields (Extra long). YOUTH'S INVER N (CAPES, (lined through). YOUTH'S BOOTCH CLOAKS, (with lona. Uwe s) FROM .11/9 TO 40/ lsors CAPE, Chesterfields, (Extra long). BOYS' INVERNESS CAPES, (tined through). BOYS' SCOTCH CLOAKS. (with long capes). in a , Brotendid assortment of Fashionable t76TO ti 95/ Tweed,. ice. FROM A.O THE A. T.C.D. have a choice range of JUVENILE OVERCOATS, hands • 6E4 trimmed with Astrachan or Kyrie very fashionable FROM 1 1 /". THE I\{.o .D. of BOYS' Double- Breasted REEFER OVERCOATS contains new features for Juvenile wear. - BOYS' D.B. REEFERS, in Blue Naps 6 : With gilt buttons FROM 4/ ; BOYS' D.B. REEFERS in Heavy Tweeds, (braideA sailor collars) FROM 5/9 BOYS' D.B. REEFERS in Special Urges and Kyrles FROM vr- i: SEE THE M.C.D. WINDOWS. 8 & 10, 11ORSEMARKET-ST., WARRINGTON. 4

PICTURE FRAMES', ATOULPING &C. The Cheapest House in Warrington for Moulding PICTURE FRAMES, PICTORES. PICTURE GLASS, and wery requ;site for FRAMES. 50,000 feet Jf Moulding always in Stock. WHOLE'IALE OR RETAIL. • J. W. AMSON. 18, FRIAR'S GATE AND MARKET HALL, WARRINGTON. 71 VICTORIA ROAD, WIDNES.

W. BEATT Y, BUILDER AND CONTRACTOR, I3ROOKFIELD TIMBER YARD, EARLESTOWN. Dealer in all kind, of Bui 'ding Materials. General repairs to Property of every Description. All kinds of Drainage and Sewage Work. Estimates given. RAG RAN T. AND REFRESHING TEA. Those who realise that good TEA is cheap tea are advised tO send for a parcel of the splendid black tea now being sold t'..7 the CITY OF LOS DON TEA COMPANY at ONE SHIL- LING and srxpti.Nen A POUND, Undoubtedly the best value ever known. Sati-faction guaranteed or the money returned. 6 pounds, carriage free 95.. 71bs for 10s. 6d., 201bs. foe 218. 6d. In bulk or packs ts. CITY OF LONDON TEA COMPANY. -1, 2, anti 3. Beer-lane. Great Tower-st., London, E.C.

GRATEFUL EPPS' S COMFORTING. BREAKFAST, SUPPER. ~0(10 A BOILING WATER OR MILK

r 1 110 MAS LEA, "NFBCTIONER AND WHOLESALE BREAD BARER, CHURCH-STREET, RUNCORN, Begs to inform his numerous patrons that he has • just opened, as a Branch Establishment, the Shop, .38, HIGH-STREET, RUNCORN, with high class confectionery and fancy breads. Orders will receive prompt attention. TOWLE'S I. ;JIM° RODYNE RENOWNED FOR TowCOG-1-IS. LE'S CHLORODYNE INFLUENZA, TOW Lus BRONCHITIS, CHLORODYNE CONSUMPTION. • ASTHMA, TOW VAILORODYNE • SPASMS, WHOOPING COUGH, TOWLE'S ki 11 LORODY NE INFLUENZA, &C. 24 DOSES for 130, It is IMPORTANT to INSIST on having TOWLE'S as °tiler preparations and makes are pushed for sake of extra 111.06 t.

• B OVRIL THE GUARANTEED PRODUCT OF PRIME OX BEEF. FORTIFIES THE SYSTEM AGAINST INFIACENZA, COLDS AND CHILLS. SERVED HOT AT RESTAURANTS. SOLD BY ALL GROCERS, CHEMISTS, STORES. &c.

. 15t 11) - -` SCOTT'S PILLS Cure Headache and Sickness. Cure Incliostion. Cure Flat ulence and Heartburn. , Cure all Bilious Affections. i - D•__ ._ ___. _ ------ -- R- SCOTT'S PILLS ft ,%,. Are a Tonic Pur'fier. 1 ,1, , , , ' Strenuthen the Whole System. Induce Cheerfulness. , Invaluable as a Family Medicine. _ 1)R. Scow, PILLS Cure Loss of Appetite. . Cure Depression of Spirits. . Cure all Disorders of the Blood. Cure Lass'tude and Nerv9.usnees._ lilt SCOTT'S BILIOUS AND LIVER PILLS. ~ „,......_....,e re wrapped in a square green package, bearing the London. W. • b proprietor, . L . ~ , W ANIBURT 173 Seymour Place 7 post for 14 or 34 stamps. 7.-----__

• -7_7` _ THE EXAMINERS. SATURDAY, MARCH 10, 1894:

GOLD i\TEDAL DIETETIC TEAS. SPECIALLY RECOMM.ENDED TO DYSPEPTICS, and a v• eat boon to any who have been denied the use of other teas by their Medical Advisers. HENRY MILLING & CO. LTD. MERCHANTS, WARRINGTON.

0 . 0 ~,,, .. ,k. . 4 e--. ds,- .45e,.... . 0 S7p.. . 3.i0 i,,,:. ,".:, if s, 2, e. , . 1 e 4 5,1 9 kr • . ; 41 '',4*: CA ,It f" ALM 1..,•,t' i'--,i;.-ir- 115 fvh...:„.912,Lej,,,....ice,8ac of En g. .;& t• . ' ',F..fa land, St. Simon St., Salford, says:— - (~ '' ;-\• \ "For many years I have been afficted , ' —4/A 2i • -.T.,..), 1, with most excruciating pains in my - .." ' i •N‘.\?• , 11. limbs, which at times drove me al- most mad, incapacitating me from ' Nl/1, r ~; '`k../ r /- 1 attending to business for weeks at a ii/ -7--- time. After a few applications of ,iii;#.l,l ;,.<1,,//1" • • /fr ST. JACOBS OIL the change in me k‘„*.i: •P i. —, I is simply marvellous—l am a new fc,..:-• % . i., man. I have spent scores of pounds in doctors' medicines, but all have proved futile. I give you this infor- mation for the interests of my fellow men, and you have my permission to make whatever use of same you think best." z-dt ,-- j -;:,.. a iii; AV irl 1!' 4-0:“ AP. ,lk,, 4 r...... '...., o ~

_ A

WOODS' PATENT GALVANISED rsian I3edsteads complete. WitShTFEreEnclhalnYdiapEe PAT,.IIIESSES, 7 •., No. 1035—French. IP I '-',•—.-171 To be seen carrying ONE TON. ' . , We Challenge .ther Wire Mattress --, ---s- :1-1; - • - to stand this Test II .- - -1111111m.imor.-- z....., ,?•.,;,.., .:•• r, But is it ever re- : 44--,5:,--,..' quiredt of hao.illatctirrers.: ~../ r . lon!totts uli d Certainly 1 ...,, - . 'l* - fie-onici:inti anglstHlh3erxtiosethL • Wire Mattresses has been that . * it.' they stretched alter a time, which was true. We give this severe test to prove that ours will not stretch. If they do within 5 years we will replace with new ones. To be had from THOMAS SUTTON, 8 Goma. Legh Street. THE LONGFORD WIRE Co .Lailme R ited.WARR.INGTON.

How Lost! How Regained! INVALUABLE REMARKS for Young and Middle-Aged Men. _ 4.ED 107-1011, ••••••••• • KNOW THYSELF. . Or SELF-PRESERVATION. A little work in brief on NERVOUS DEBILITY, EXHAUSTED VITALITY PREMATURE DECLINE. and all ACQUIRED DI- SEASES. and WEAKNESSES OF MAN, their CAUSE and CURE. Remarks on the subject of how to preserve the health when in possession of it. and how to regain it when lost. The best meats of restoring brain -fag. impaired memory, Incapacity for study or business, general debility of the system, and all wasting of the tissues. This little wetk will be found void of Latin phrases and fancy words, and will be found bri.-f, precise, and void of unnecessary reading. Fifteen minutes spent in its perusal will teach the reader more than five days' reading in any book written on this subject. If you think it *will CONCEIV-S YOU yb:useYnt plain 632V0: OTlff au,i SEALED for Five Penny Stamps. Address-0 )I.:LD S LABORATORY. Bradford, Yorkshire. ADVICE FREE BY LETTER. ADVT. COPYRIGHT Mention this Paper.

AT ARRIED LADIES.—INFORMATION OF PRICELESS 1 VALUE (FR FlE).—Send at once stamped envelope to Mrs. LAWRENCE, 4, Bradley-st., oheflield. (Name this paper.)

ONE BOX OF CLARKES' B 41 PILLS is war- ranted to cure all discharges from the Urinary Organs in either sex (acquired or constitutional), Gravel, and Pain, in the back. Guaranteed free from Mercury. Sold in Boxes, 45. 6d. each, by all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors throughout the World ; or sent to any adflress for sixty stampt by the Makers, The LINCOLN AND MIDLAND COUNTIES DRUG COMPANY, Lincoln. Wholesale Agents; BARCLAY & SONS. London, and all the Wholesale Houses.

110 THE MARRIED.—Send stamped addressed envelepe _L for full particulars of the most perfect and harmless Family Preventatives,as recommended by eminent physicians Irregularities and obstruction.remove-d, health restorod.—D. MessEv BALFOUR. 86. Strand. London.

IT MPORTANT to Married Couples. To those wh) desire to enjoy life without making it burdensome. Try the only certain remedy, and encl, se P.O. for is. for samples to W INGFIELD, 6, Hubert Grove. Clapham, London, S.W.

CURE 4 AND TO PROVE IT "T will GIVE A BOTTLE of my Remedy for Nothing, so that sufferers may have an opportunity of testing the truth of what I state," Because others have failed to cure you la no reason why you should eontinuo to suffer. fiend at once for my TREATISE and a FREE BOTTLE of Medicine. It costa you nothing for a Trial, and IT WILL CURE Address:— U. Gr. JQOT,2B,Endsleigh Gardens, London,N.W.

For weakness, loss of flesh and vital power,rest- less sleep, pimples,nervous exhaustion, & ailments arising from early or later-day errors. Address %- Messrs. Wmanisort, Medical Hall, Sheffield. 4136 Y TPHOW ri 9E. WILL CURE YOU. XXXX.N.X.N.N.

DR.. MACKAY 'S MARVELLOUS FEMALE REMEDY VOR ALL OBSTRUCTIONS and IRREGULARI- -1: TIES stands unrivalled. The most stubbern and hope- less cases yield to this extraordinary Medicine in six hours. Immense sale throughout the world. Thousands of sufferers cured, Testimonials (Genuine). with full Instructions and Advice, accompany each bottle. Sent post free, under cover, for ss. 6d. DA. MACKAY, 104. HIGH HOLBORN. London. Beware of Dishonest Imitators.

_ ARISTOTLE'S WORKS, with plates 352 pages, 30 stamps. "Parts by night, or Gay Life in Paris"; illustrated 30 stamps.—Postfree II BOWICER. 27. Renshaw-at., Liverpool

THE FINEST MEDICINE IN THE WORLD FOR COUGHS, - ASTHMA, zRONCHITIS, . INFLUENZA, 8., is , CONGREVE'S BALSAIVEUI rn BO*), 2/9. 4/6. Sold ly all Medicine Houses. nr. G. T. Gongreve's Book on Consumption and all Chest Diseases, with Appendix, containing many remarkable cases, post free for is. from Coombe Lodge, Peckham, London, S.E.

A WONDERFUL MEDICINE. • ---- BEECHA.M'S PILLS A RE universally admitted to be worth a Guineti .L-11- a Box for Bilioas and Nervous Disorders, such as Wind and Pain in the Storreieh, Sick Headache, Giddiness, Fullness and Swelling after Meals, Dizziness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Flushings ot Heat, Loss of Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Costiveness, Scurvy and Blotches on the Skin, Dir• turbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Tremb- liug SensationB, &c. The first dose will give relief in twenty minutes. Every sufferer is earnestly invited to try one 13.•:,..t the Fills, and they will be acknowledged to be , . „ . , Woittit A GUINUA A Mg. For females of all ages these Pills are invaluable, as a et, closes of them carry off all humours, and bring about all that is required. No female should be without them. There is nc medicine to be found equal to Beechana's Pills for removing any obstruction or irregularity of the system. If taken ac- cording to the directions given with each box, they will soon restore females of all ages to sound and 'robust health. This has been proved by thousands who have tried them, and found the benefits which are ensured by their ure. For a Weak Stomach, Impaired Digeston, and all Disorders of the Liver, they act like magic, and a few doses will be found to work wonders on the most important organs in the human machine. They strengthen the whole muscular system, restore the long lost complexion, bting back the keen edge of appetite, and arouse into action with the rosebud of health the whole physical energy of the human frame. Tkese are F.tc-re• testified continually by members of all classes of society, and , one of the beat guarantees to the Nervous and Debilitated is, BEECHAM'S PILLS have the Largest Sale of anu Patent Medicine in the World. BEECHAM'S MAGIC COUGH PILLS. Ai remedy for Coughs in general, Asthma, Bronchib 1% Tioarseness, Shortness of Breath, Tightness am! Itflectk""" 'be Chest, Wheezing, &c., these Pills stand un Oppression of s rivalled. They arb the best ever offered to the public, and will speedily remove that, sense of oppression and difficulty of ',wive breathing which nightl the patien of rest. Let any y GH PILLS a trial, and the person give BEECHAM'S (h...1U .t most violent Cough will in a sho. time be removed. and Retail, by the Pro Prepared only, and Sold Wholesale.. priet,or, Thomas Beecham, St. Helene, . Lancashire, in Boxes Is, lid. and 2s. 9d. each. sealers Sold by all Druggists and Patent Medicine L. - every where. N.B.—Full directions are given uith each box.

rpo mARHJED PEOPLE. —lnvaluable information, for either sex, sent on receipt of stamp.—Address W. IliosON. Box 732, ,i,Torth-street. Nottingham.

_ jov) y .Es VEARRYE BTEHSET. Rigid, Swift, Light. JL)x'...•cers 201bs. 'sters Tux° Roan. 281 b • Military. Juwo Lacly'tt, and Youthsisauleties. Folding and other Tricycles which pat B 28 inch doors. Send at once for Juwo Illustrated List 150 pages post free. Mac- hines, fittings, parts, sundries,press opinions 12 M ont lily Payments or Cash Lis- and riders testimonials count. Carr age Paid. Secondhand MA chines in immense variety. Sole Matters of the Juno— METROPOLITAN MACHINISTS' CO., LIMITED. 75 and 76, Bishopsgate Without, London, E.C.

EAsy 4 ), T JH E . TERMS -7-2: -" -, UNO (.• _ , i.osT CASH DP. & CARRIAGE PAID

VrARRIED LADY has a valuable harmless receipt of great 21'1 importance to La,lies.—Stamped addressed envelope for particulars, Mrs. B. WILSON, Elder Grove, Sheffield.

MANUFACTURRitS OF DECORATIVE AND ART FURNITURE. f7-1..'Wg24.174t74A7117PT ' ---- u.-7, R . ej 0 It/N S ON. - .Wry",.,3,Tirdipprz'fxV•f ' ...,,,:.: 1.4,-,( :..,, •• . ....,

• SAVE A DOCTOR'S FEE. ADVICE TO LADIES (FREE). ikLADY SPECIALIST (qualified) many years attached to a Fem•de Hospital, is enabled to POSI- TIVELY GUARANTEE the DESIRED RESULT in a few hours, no mNtter how long standing the IRREGULARITY may be, and even when everything else has failed. Write at once, enclosing everything addressed envelope, to SPECIALIST 293. STRAND. W.C.

rrOWLE'S PENNYROYAL & STEEL PILLS foi I_ Females, quickly correct all irregularities, re:cove afl obstructions, and relieve the distressing symptoms so preva lent with the sex. Boxes is. lid. and 2s. 9d. of all chemists sent anywhere on receipt of 15 or 34 stamps by the maker, 11 T. TOWLE, Chemist, Nottingham.

LADIES.—F P.M ALE IRREGULARITIES and OBSTRUCT lOES.—Th?, DIFFICULIY SOLVED AT LAST.—A lady having Tried in Vain Every Advertised Remedy, has at last discovered a SIMPLE MEANS of SELF- CURE, particulars of which she will forward FREE OF CHARGE to Her Poor Suffering Sex ou receipt of stamped addressed envelope. Send at once, and waste 110 more time and money upon Worthless Pills. Mixtures, and other So- called Remedies of this class, which cause pain, sickness, and injury to the system without having the necessary effoct.— Write, with full hope and confidence, to Mrs. ST. CLAIR, 46, Southampton Build;ngs, Chancery-lane, London, W.C.

ONE POUND OUT OF EVERY THIRTY POUNDS OF TEA CONSUMED IN GREAT BRITAIN IS SOLD BY BROOKE, BOND erz CO. This is an absolute fact, and it is the best possible proof of the value of OUR TEA. Prices : 1/-, 1/2, 1/4, i/8, 2/-, 2/4, or 2/8 per lb. WE HAVE AGENTS throughout this district, and we will gladly tell you the name of our Agent nearest to you if you will ask us by post card. OUR AGENTS draw their supplies, ready-packed and labelled, c3nstantly from us, and they sell exactly the same teas at precisely the same prices as at our well-known Warehouses. WE ARE GLAD to receive applications from ener- getic tradespeople for Agencies wherever we are not already represented. Selling our Tea has long been a regular Annuity to Thousands of enterprising lien and Women. BROOKE, BOND 6: CO., LTD., 17, PICCADILLY, MANCHESTER, And at LEEDS, BRADFORD, and LONDON.

ISSI. BIRKBECK BANK, Southampton Buildings. Ckancery Lane. London. TWO-AND-A-HALF per CENT. INTEREST allowed on OEPOS ITS, repayable on demand. TWO per CENT. on CURRENT ACCOUNTS. on rniximum monthry balances, when net drawn below £lOO. STOCKS, SHARES, and ANNUITIES purcnased and sold SAVINGS DEPARTMENT Por the encouragement of Thrift the Bank receives small sum on deposit, and allows Interest monthly on each completed £1 BIRKBECK BUILDING SOCIETY How To PURCHASE A HOUSE FOR TWO GLIINF.A.4I PER MONTH. BIRKBECK FREEHOLD LAND SOCIETY HOW TO PURCHASE A PLOT OF LAND FOR FIVE SHILLINGS PER MONTH. the BIRKBECK ALMANACK, with full particulars, post free FRANCIS RANENSCROFT. Manager.

NERVOUS DEBILITY, LOST MANHOOD, YOUTHFUL IMPRUDENCE, &c. A FTER many ears' suffering a Gentleman has obtained a simple SELF-CURE for N ERVOUSINESS, Loss of Strength and Energy, Weakness. &c. All sufferers should write at once for particulars, which will be forwarded free. Send self addressed stamped envelope, plainly written to Mk. ROBERTS. 18, CLAREMONT SQUARE. PENTONVILLE-ROAD, LONDON. N. (Name Paper).

These soluble CAPSULES are su- perior to Balsam of Oopaiba, Oubebs or astringent liquids L_ and CURE IN 48 A's HOURS the same ID diseases without in- . , convenience. All Capeales marked 4/6 of an Chemists, or post free from MJDY WILOOX C0.,289 Oxford St. ,London, W.

LADIES! DR. LIDINGTON'S NNW MEDICAL DISCOVERY for married or single women is positively the safest end most successful method known for removing all Irregularities and Obstructions no matter how caused r long standing, no natiseous piLs. powders. mixtures or any other useless stomach medicine to rake. Failure impossible under this treatment. Sufferers may obtain particulars free of charge by sending stamped addressed envelope to Dr. LIDINGTON. 46 Southampton Buildings, Holborn, London.

NEW TYPE. VEW ORNAMEIITS. ALAX7)L\X

- DOUGLAS'S REAL RHEUMATIC CURE Is the only safe and true remedy for Rheumatic, Sciatic, and Gout.- The Real Rhematic Cure is a liquti medicine to be taken internally. ' It speedily des- troys and drives 13 . out of the system the morbid and .11,JEAL go u t y matter which excites and produces all the •ctins and inflam- RHEUMATIC ations which are tn. 'ated in an attack of Alen- asstk"--, whether acute or chronic. matism, 'n to fail in Rheumatic Never knew. ‘e fever.-24,Cant, 'ter was afflicted tor two years with then- Dear Sir, my clang, 'ed bv three doctors and given up in- mati sm and was eaten,. 'king your medicine she fainted curable. The day before , Rof sleep. After taking two for want of appetite and Ira, . Cure, she was restored to bottles of your Real Rheumatiu ,rinson. Witness to this health. Yours faithfully, Mrs. MC, 'h Martyrs,Preston, Cure, Rev. Joseph D.Sexton, The Englu. Rheumatic Care is Other testimonials sent free. The Real f• 4 Kingdom at sold by all Chemists throughout the Unite, 33 stamps 2s, 9d. per bottle, or post frbe with full direction*, from the Proprietors : . ~ DOUGLAS AND CO., 24, GRIMSHAW-ST., BUNICLI6. : ..

• I. 0 1 JADIES ! THE GREAT INDIAN FEMALE MEDICINE, was dis- covered by a married Lady during her travels in the Far East, who has never known it to tail in removing the worst cases of Irregularity or Obstruction in two hors, even after all other remedies fail, nothing can possibly resist the ai•tion of this extracy dinary preparation, witch is almost instantane- ous in its effect. Ladies will avoid muah expense, illness. woiry,and cruel bitter disappointment by having this remedy .at once. Sent secure, from observation for 4s. 6d.—Mrs. BAR- RINGTON,. 4, Feltherstone-buildings, London, W.C.

._.,,____NE:N_HARR_I.S.IIIOI .1,.! INSWiIiT cowMEM"' / 1: , , ' • 'l7 e:' ''''...."..". : .., IT TER 1 _,,,i -t si KmITQ stockings ribbed or plain ',------,: ill iv GLOVES and CLOTHING in • WOOL. SILK, or COTTON. lIISTRLIG. TIONS FREE. Liete 2d per poet. , TRILTMPiI ANT AWARD at PARIS. The only WINNER in the WORLD of 4 GOLD 31EDAL3• and 22 other Honour, HARRISON KNITTING MACHINECO. Yorke: 43. tip:,er Brook St., thalamic...

W AN'S PRIE-mN%,uIRIEUXLEY'S SPECIAL THE MOST POWERFUL. AND EFFECTUAL I%IEDICINE KNOWN. The recipe of a famous French, Physician, Quick, sure, and certain. Never fails to,ltelleverami; Care, no matter how caused. Post free to any address; for 2s. 9d. or be. 6d. per b Atte. Full instructions with eachi Send for the WIFE'S FRIEND, a book for every woman who wishes to keep healthy.—D. GLASGOW lILTXLEY, M.D. (U.S.), 176, Cemetery-road, Sheffield, and Masonic Buildings (opposite Market), Rotherham.

-- . Steam Friction and ESTABLISHED IE4O. 'A 11 , I Geared Hoist. ~-'- if Wm. JONES ,t_ ~_ _ '-'="---'lll-17 !!.. , \ .------ f7---==-----------' -:-.---7-Y ,• W ir . I /2.), W. Jones & Sons des- an. SONS, 0......4 :',. ~, 4'... 7 F; _=--=-----:-: '-'2=4, AI ;lair.' /./' i. V / 7.-__ N i " : -,-,..,-,- -.,....,' \ /,'2,. ~ , ' Makers of every des- , Makers and Patentees 0 ' . ----f ' ' -,4 e/r' ( --------j-,,, --=-.4i z: p, -=-...:, i _.-7--- - 6.--, Es, „ . cription of of the -'-' i ; --I*---Al /14 . ..-. '.n.:Pl. s Stearn, hand, &Hydraulic - , 1 -, t": 4 ' k---,--7--- 1 Noiseless Friction & '- _ i 1 , ~,.,„.,...~ ~,-----1.-_, ,-_,..-, „2,- „ Lifts & Hoists, - - .: ...i>,,<--_-9?, , -/ -7''_ h I / nr,,,,, • --------777:-.,--- Ni,--:-.'' - ,i'l; -- Engines, Boilers, Geared Winches -_:,--_--,-----L.--, - - f,--,—,-__ _----,----_---::, ------, ~ ' ..,..„,-__-_i_. . _ ..._-0 ‘ z_ -.•.-....______ --.— p.) zioi . ~..-__„ --= - ! i Chemical & ----._____._=2--..,--._:-.----- - , ------.----1--r--- --- .. - Lc ------_-_ ...--- - - ----,:,---, -....:-.... _ - - - - ~..- ----.:=7-:- --- - ----- • : --_,--z___-----,-, -.-,-,-.::: ' -,---_-_,__-±;,---=----:---- Soap Plant, &c. WARRINGTON. __--_---,--_ __„:„..._______,_„,,__,:_„:::,-______,--_,—___—___ -- ._......,------,-------. ........_ , . t , .. . , .. ~,_...,, „ ~ s 0 0 T.. H i N G POWDERS, FOR CHILDREN CUTTING TEETH. IN 4JSE OVER FIFTY YEARS.

"JOHN STEEDMANy CHEMIST, WALWORTH, SURREY." is engraved on the Government Stamp affixed to each packet.

“FOR THE _BLOOD ISTHE-LIEEI [-CLARKE'S

• WORLD-FAMED • BLOOD ,igixTußE THOUSANDS OF TESTIMONIALS. "We have seen hosts of letters from people who have received great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly eattinated. for it cleanses and clears the blood from all impurities." This is a good testimonial from the Family Doc or, which goes on fur ther to say: " It is the finest Blood Purifier that science and skill have brought to light, and we can withtbe utmost confidence recommend it to our subscribers and the public generally." Warranted to cleanse the blood from all impurities, whatever cause arising For Scrofula, Scurvy. Eczema, ancl Blood D,re.tses, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its Pre marvellous. It is the only real Bpe3ific for Gout and Rheumatic Pains, for it removes the cause from the blood and bones. Thousands of Testimonials. la bottles 2s. 93. and lls. each, of all Chemists. Sent for 33 or 132 stamps by Pro- prietors. LINCOLN AND MIDLAND couNTIEs DRUG COMPANY. LINCOLN. Beware of Worthless Imitations,

c , 637,-ife,„ If dxamti. ler 6Fce, Parriitgfol;,.

Esizmales Given FOR ALL CLASSES OF WORK; 7, / ECONOMY e 3 AND VT4OM AN DESPATCH. /6 -c\4/2rR, 11.delress Card Yo x rf)anyijolb "P,lacar,,

• IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN IRISH LINEN ALL PARCELS OVER 20/- CARRIAGE PAID. (1,:- R. HUTTON & CO., LARNE, BELFAST,

----A, ,-6) ;f•'3,), -.. 11 --:-.. 27 .-",, 4' :41 II c?,,--4-ii::i 17 4- %- ..f..: (,t) `",..::-'-------?..___'. / i 1 . \ , .\. `\ ______,- —. p ,•.01,4, .r. fI VT 1-14- ...-F:•-r--r'--Z-7: uak---iTililtuiiiiittitv:rtawiti tliSa3l4l--- i 0 43' p.ii I! 4 ..,ii ei." Vl' ~.. , r'l \ -V. ;:•K''e.':7> .0,, ~),1 , 1/4. ,:`,%\liSgl,(l-1, tq.l) bai'l.'' '-..•0. • - ~P. A -,>,'Z ."‘ 7;11.- pi /.I!\_.,y44.rt,:i.ip . 1 I -„ ‘14,,E.\-%.OA"4 —7:Wg'--/t'• 6, • . -. !- ( ---,. --- i' i? ;''• .2.--,T, \ \ y.. .. a: ' i;4 , -.T l'f'.:ll ^IIL is it..' .N\2:1(1::..../111-. -11‘r3i74:141;1;;;C:::- T 11115" 1-7 C ( )3Z- • ;0,4 ft -,' ',..3e II :; . r •E' r, ..,,' . '-.';.; .....- • I ' ....- --- , I'll°. -4-. i 1-- .:: ":" --.-.1 ~- .•,.. 9• • 1 -..... . , ' ..., - . ro_cits \\ • I, , ........-oe • ' ..: .....4.;••••:: • 4r---- _ .ft:: .:... C-'," * . .. - .. - ...... 'WO . I •I • 14 - •:s:—'•- • ... . ..M.... • • , ~,,W ..•"S 4 • ••. ',.. . •. -- ty _ . b.; ..' . ." . 4 li ti .-.- . .. .--4 -... 4 ..... .. ......,..4...:,•• "4- , •* . . , , 1 .... . 1-• - • - -e•\''')",i:l- : .114.7..,.. , • • -- . -41 c- eve' e - UNIVERSAL EMBROCATION, ls.lld. & 2s. 9d.

. , = -,, ..._ f A., .„........____ _------- _ 1 (• ; . ,i,..,; - '.,,1-- - -:-A, i,, , T 1 , , ',. ~,,,, ~z:.• ~, - 4;;-----., ~ "--- ~--.0---- , ~, , •*: 1''',....1N4 ' - '4l'l', , ' ...1) „\',\ \ I, - 'l,:'; -,•-,-,.....,q1;.. -...;:),,-, 4: ' ....„ ..--..-;:4,-; \ , , \ . ... , •••$"%, i',.;,;,..7,, . ~,,,,. . ...: ;01;,,,,,. 4 7i,A ' ...f) ..i i3;,;',..-•,4.1' l'Fi3,-` • .(?-e N , :s!' .141,„wk i .....„7., ~,,, , . •., ----li,, ..- ....,,,,,,,•1:-..-,:fi,,,,,,, , lk, :,.. I, ~.,__4;) vi,',L#,..,.''.•,,r.r./ ,:‘, • :"::,' 'V'iit:•-.,,;•A j„, ...,' • " * ''•,' C', , •'-J,••- -. „ \ A .z.,....,. • :-.-4'.,.-.'" ',;,1...:',:' --- • V. _71,-. t. .•••• ~- :,;:,1,,,1'':' 1 ..,. I;it.ii. I e%0.,,A-,-,,1,t;'1:. ,";:.,',.:,/,',,,Ei '.1...7..-,'4:: <#14).1,1f,r.:::.,,--., 1I . ' i'''%v • . 1 , AP-9ii,,,;::::.N.', :.; :,/,11/, 1 _ ''.-__-_-..--,,---..,;,c2.-.7...,,e,,..4.y;c;?-•' • , - ?., , : )''' ~•. li,.i ',/,‘&;),;.,iii; i y,,,,,,Fttp'),lii/,', li, .•,,,. /„e, / / / ///titii,B4:[•,l, :,''', i 0 / / i 0, 1011111114 ',':i 1,1!/, /IP fig 107 - ,1„/ • 00# 011,1111P1 ;`,,,;i - r/ ' i I/11 i ' .: I • r rip:o#; /0...-...-- ill it ' 11141 .1 , /' 11 0 V:0-- -------"•—• 0 iir._...,.......--........,..__v_ , . ' - ""*"' ...---•.''''''. THE RIGHT HON. W. E. GLA—DSTONE.

TEETH. TEETH. TEET TEETH. PARKINSONS'S ri.nETH ~, at the prio° UNEXCELLED IN THE WORLD. The pcb" ,-.EETH. may rest assured flail, these statements a° based on ABSOLUTE TRUTH, and perhapethn best guarantee of this to intending patients Jo TEETH. that J. H. PARKINSON has one of the 'LargeOst •- . Dental Practices in England, the outcome °. 'TEETH, employing the BEST LABOUR, using tb° BEST MATERIALS obtainable, and charging -11EETii. the LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICE. Any set made, or any work done by lehm. ar4 TEETH. !lot giving ABSOLUTE SATISFACTION 10 Every Iletail will he immediately corrected. of an ENTIRE NEW EET made FREE 07, TEETH' CHARGE. These conditions rn3ure the public's satisfan- TEETH. thin and recommendation, exemplified by 21 sets having been inserted for patients during T EETH. one year only, directly and indirectly through the voluntary persuasion aiel recommendation TEETH. of ONE SINGLIiis PATIENT. Any or ally' these patients' names and addresses, for ref& lice will be given to an would-be tie° TEETH. - Pa *a personally applying for them. These, IVD, thousands in the past, each recommending the -FEETH. friends, speak volumes for Mr. Parkinson success. TEETH. His unusually Large Dental Establistaness:4 adapted for the COMFORT of Patients, MV°' ETH NOT DETER ANY. ALL are WELCOME 0) --"E. FREE CONSULTATIONS Daily from 9 eel e.nd 2 to 6. s TEETH. ABSOLUTELY PAINLESS EXTRACTION. Ac., as hitherto, by the aid of his own made TEETH. LIQUID NITROUS OXIDE, of which he nest TEETH. liquefies for sale to dentists nearly 10,000 go.). . lons weekly. Patients, have, tie tefore, in LW° speciality also the benefit of his experience. rrEETTI. CLOSED ALL DAY ON FRIDAYS. J. H. PARKINSON, TEETII. Dentist by Examination, 46, MOSLEY-STREET, MANCHEST'EN- WARRINGTON ON WEDNESDAYS, at Miss Charlen- Ladies' Outfitter, Sankey-st., from 2 to 5 p.m. RUNC(3RN, on THURSDAYS, at Mrs. Hughes, ( Parson's), Confectioner, Bridge-st., from 2to . NORTHWICH. on FRIDAYS, w 18, Applemarket-street, 'mom Iv,llti 12 a.m., and Ito p.m. ega -.see MA RRIAG ES. DAVIES—ROBINSON.—March 3rd. at the Parish Church, ringlet], by the Rev. C. E. Jackson, Cornelius Davie,. Hannah Robinson. Tnoefes—FßANGLETON.—March 4th, at the Perish Chafe,,t 'Warrington, by the Rev. F. W. Willis, Charles Fredo"'"" Thomas, to Alice Franglefon. Woo! s— PEER 4, • March 4th, at the Parish Church. Vearria; ton, by rite Rev. F. W. Willis. Thomas Woods, to /Oa° Ann Peers. Mese - MlLLs.—March sth, at the Parish Church, Warringt°l'. by the Rev. F. W. Willis. Josieli Mee. to Elizabeth 2.0111,;:e., Gniseottr—Bevis. —March 4th. at St Peter's Church, —to rington, by the Rev. B. Percival Mr. Joseph Gregioll' Miss Ann Jane Bate, both of Warrington. • . DEATHS. nrof BARLow. —On February 20th, at Alpha House, Scheel e.amuel Hickson Barlow, ag d 84 years. WILLIAM.?.—March Ist, at Catherine-street, Gertrode Williams, aged 1 ni nth. (10.544 Hentierass.—Mareli 4th, at Winwick-rosd, Arthur liar aged 1 A:s years. itte4l-‘ • LEGG-E.—March 3rd, at Priest!. y-street, Arthur Legge. - 19 years. se/ (11TF:sT —March 3rd, at Naylor-street, Ernest Guest, - moths. FRYOUR. —March sth, at Pierpoint-street, Ernest aged 2 years. er• 014 WHIT TAKER. March 7th, at Hardy-street, Annie Viq)'t aged 8 months.

_ - M EMORIATJ CARDS, CIRCULARS, BILLIEEADS, MEMORANDUMS. TI-- f all Han:Wills, Window Bills, Posters. and printing o noas exwited with neatness and despatah hv •Tofer S. the Borough Press 34. Tiri dge Wcirrincton• _4OO
